TUX WSATEEB.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco Tor tnlrty hours enOlnr
diaaisrht. retoruary 17. 19C4:
San Francisco and victdity —
rair WeOnesflay; brisk west
erly winds. A. a. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 79
RUSSIA PREPARING FOR INVASION OF INDIA;
JAPANESE RENEW ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. /^."'Lieutenant General Ivanoff, Governor General and commander of the troops in.Turkestan, has gone to Tashkend with General Sakharoff, chief
of the military district of Turkestan. It is said in high military circles that General Ivanoff has been instructed to prepare for the contingency of military action in the direction of
India in the event of Great Britain adopting an attitude openly hostile to Russia or attempting to prejudice Russian interests in Persia or Tibet
TOKIO, Feb. !6.'"The Japanese torpedo fleet reattacked the Russian fleet at Port Arthur on Saturday. In a report received here it is said one Russian warship was damaged.
Japanese Army
Is Landing in
Manchuria,
Alexieffs Foes
Demand His
Recall.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 16.— A dis
patch received here from Port Arthur,
dated February 15. says the Japanese
ar? landing at Chinwangtao, a port on
the southern border of Manchuria, close
to the Chinese Northern Railroad. The
e*a there is covered with ice tor a dis
tance of fourteen miles from the shore
and this would make landing extremely
d!*3eult. No Japanese have been seen
on the Yalu River. The Japanese are
landing provisions and munitions of
var at V.'usan, on the east coast of
Korea ar.d north of Seoul.
Captain Stfpanoff, who was blown
U{» with the torpedo-boat Yenisei and
who himself invented the system for
laying submarine mines which is con
sidered responsible for the catastrophe,
had caused the Yenisei to be fitted with
hir device for the rapid laying of mines,
»h*f^*»j- m. trolley line «?xti?o<ied he
>cnd the void's stern, along which
th* njlr.es slid out and roped into
their appointed places. This plan did
sway with the cumbersome work of
lfiyir^g the mines from small boats.
The accident was due to the excessive
strain on the Yenisei's anchor cable*
while the mines were suspended pend
ing the immersion. The two cables
trapped and one mine collided with an
other.
ALEXIEFF IX DISFAVOR.
Viceroy Alexieff, on February 16. is
eued an order of the day admonishing
the soldiers with regard to patriotic
duty and expressing his confidence in
victory.
Public opinion in Russia, even among
military men, is strongly opposed to
Viceroy Alexieff, who is accused of in
capacity. A movement is on foot in
favor of the Immediate appointment of
General Kuropatkin, the War Minister.
to command the Russian land forces
and to give Admiral Skrydloff command
of the sea.
• A meeting of the council of the em
pire was held to-day. It was attended
by the heir presumptive. Grand Duke
Michael, and another Grand Duke.
Vice Admiral Makaroff, the ice
breaker specialist of the Russian navy
and until lately commander in chief
at Kronstadt, has cone to the Far East.
SLAV PATRIOTISM VIOLENT.
The spirit cf patriotism at Moscow
among the Muscovites has resulted in
the rough handling of a number of per
sons who failed to take off their hats
while the crowds were tinging the
rational hymn. It is even reported that j
fine cf the offenders were killed, but
tbie is not conflrmed officially.
The Bourse, after having been steady
yesterday, slumped to-day.
A dispatch has been received here
from the Russian Minister at Peking,
Paul Lessar, saying that upon his of
ficial inquiry the Chinese Government
Informed him that Weihaiwei remains
leased to Great Britain.
RUSSIANS REMAIN
AWAY FBOM BANQUET
OF THE QUILL CLUB
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The intention
of the Quill Club to hold a symposium
nf representatives of Russia and Japan
at a dinner of the club to-night at
the Manhattan Hotel was frustrated
by the absence cf the Russian guests.
They were Count Lodyzensky, the Rus
sian Consul General in this city; Count
Paul Ti^senhausen and Baron Schill
ing. It was said that they were ab
sent under orders from Count Cassinl.
the Russian Embassador at Washing
ton. S. Uchida. the Japanese Consul
General in this city, was present.
It was declared after the dinner that
the Russians had stayed away on ac
count of the feeling in Russia that this
country Is hostile to its interests in the
present difficulty.
DAMAGED JAPANESE
SHIPS OF WAR TOLL
DOCK AT NAGASAKI
SH/' GHAI. Feb. 17.— The following j
telegram has been received from Naga- I
saki. under date of February 15:
"Fifteen thousand troops are embark
ing on transports to-day. Their horses
are in poor condition. Two damaged
Japanese warships are here waiting to
go Into AryCock." .
The San Francisco Call.
WINTER CAMPAIGNING IN MANCHURL\— RUSSIAN ADVANCE GUARD CROSSING LAKE BAIKAL, GUIDED BY TREES PLACED ALONG THE ROUTE.
SixHundredRussians
Perish on Lake
• Baikal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Feb. 16.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Tagliche
Rundschau says that 600 Russian sol
diers have been frozen to death while
marching across Lake Baikal, Eastern
Siberia. The correspondent adds that
the temporary railroad across the lake
is not yet completed, that a large de
tachment of troops was sent on a twen
ty-mile march over the ice-covered lake
and that It is presumed that part of
these troops lost their way In a snow
storm and perished.
HAMBURG. Feb. 16.— According to
Information from Kiel eleven Russian
warships are expected to traverse the
Kaiser Wilhelm canal on their Journey
to Eastern Asia on Thursday next, per
mission for their passage having al
ready been received from the German
authorities. The use of the canal is
permitted only in the event of bad
weather. If fine weather prevails in the
North Sea the voyage must be made
around Skaw. Information received
from Kiel leads to the belief that the
German authorities are not willing to
admit they know anything up to the
present of the passage of the Russian
ships.
PARIS, Feb. 17.— The Petit Parislenne
this morning publishes a dispatch from
Tokio, dated February 14, in which the
correspondent says that wounded Japa
nese who have reached there from Port
Arthur declare .that on the morning of
February 6 the Japanese squadron,
composed of fifty-five vessels. Includ
ing transports, receLved orders to sail
for Port Arthur. The night attack was
made by the torpedo-boat' destroyers,
none of which were injured.
During the bombardment of the Rus
sian forts, between 11 o'clock" and noon
of February 9, all of the attacking ves
sels were hit by the Russian fire. The
cruiser Iwate's three decks were
pierced by a shell, and the battleship
Fuji's smokestack was destroyed. No
ship, however, was damaged to the ex
tent of necessitating drydocking.
Upon the same authority the corre
spondent . says a Japanese squadron
has seized the Russian coal, depot off
Rose Island, near Chemulpo.
It is reported here that the loss of
CALL'S SUMMARY OF THE WAR NEWS.
The British steamship Wenchow, detained at Port Arthur since the opening of hostilities, has ar
rived at ' Chef u and confirmed The Call's exclusive news that the Russian fleet was moving toward Ko
rea. A great" land fight is expected to occur soon on the Yalu River. Russian reinforcements are
rapidly moving in that direction. . • "" ' * '-';■..'' • '
It is asserted that the. Japanese strategists intend to land 100,000 men on the coasts of Liaotung,
hetween the Yalu and Port Arthur. There are further intimations from Port Arthur * thht the Russian fleet
is ready for an offensive movement. ,' .;-•..•; - ., . -.
A skirmish between torpedo-boats in the Gulf . of PechlH Is reported.
The Japsmese fleet is- said to have' established a base on Elliott Island, near Port Arthur. The Rus
sians have heavily .reinforced Kinchou and Newchwang. Port Arthur seems to have -been panic stricken
during the bombardment, but Is again .tranquil. "., . • \ k ,. :.j \. ( , -,.,'. ... ... ...
There were 400 torpedoes on>yjfc Variag— two-thirds of the Russian entire storo In Eastern waters,
when that cruiser was sunk off Chemulpo. ,., ' ■
Six hundred Russian soldiers are said to; have perished in crossing Lake Baikal.
The two cruisers purchased by Japan from Italy . have . reached Yokohama.
News of the loss of the Russian cruiser Boyarin through having accidentally struck a mine .Is con
firmed. One hundred and ninety-seven officers and men, all on board, perished.
Russia's Minister to Korea has left the country by order of the Japanese. The latter are in full
control of the peninsula. .'
Tokio reports that Japanese torpedo-boats again attacked the Port Arthur fleet on Saturday. It Is
said one Russian cruiser was damaged. t
the Russian torpedo gunboat Yenisei
will entail a serious consequence. The
captain of the vessel had placed tor
pedoes at various places, and the maps
and plans indicating these spots went
down with the ship. It is believed that
the general staff possesses duplicates of
these papers, but there is a probability
that those which -were lost contained
certain corrections and modifications
which the others do not.
SEOUL, Feb. 16.— The , Korean Gov
ernment has granted Japan the right
to traverse the country.
JAPANESE AROUSED
BY THE REPORTS OF
RUSSIAN BRUTALITY
TOKIO, Feb. 16.— .The Government is
receiving' additional circumstantial re
ports of the alleged cruelty of Russians
toward Japanese refugees from Man
churia. The Japanese Consul General
at Tientsin has just telegraphed to the
authorities here giving a recital of the
story told by thirteen women who had
just arrived at Shanhaikwan. The
thirteen "were" residing at Harbin and
started south on February 9 with 300
companions. One-haJf of these, with
the women, reached Mukden on the
10th and were ordered to leave the train
by Russian soldiers, who cruelly abus'ed
them and detained the party, which
tfcey divided, the men being ordered, to
proceed ' to ' Port "Arthur. The women
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1904.
were sent to Newchwang, where United
States Consul Miller provided food and
transportation, for 'them to Shanhal
kwan.
The women say they saw several
Japanese refugees cruelly beaten and
wounded. They say that the Russian
soldiers robbed" them < of money and
Jewelry. Some of the Japanese escaped
punishment by bribing the soldiers.
The Japanese Government people
are • deeply stirred by these reports.
They point to their own correct attitude
toward the Russians in Japan and de
nounce the Russians, as barbarians.
The sinking of the Nakamura Maru
arjd the treatment of the. refugees are
creating a feeling which betokens a
bitter and relentless war. It Is im
probable that • the Japanese will re
taliate in kind whatever excesses the
Russians commit. .
The Japanese are unable to under
stand Why the men and women refugees
from Harbin were divided. It is sug
gested that Russia Intends to hold"-the
men at Port Arthur in the hope of
avoiding a bombardment. This, how
ever, appears. extremely improbable.
TWO AUSTRIAN ARMY
CORPS WJLL GUARD
FRONTIER
VIENNA, Feb.; 16.— The , situations ', in
the Balkans is . creating, great ■ uneasi-
ness here. The official denial of the
rumors of the mobilization of Austrian
troops has failed to reassure the public
and it Is still asserted that the Gov
ernment intends to mobilise two army
corps provisionally for the purpose of
guarding the Balkan frontier^ because
of fears that Turkey will provoke Bul
garia Into war. »
ADMIRAL EVANS
SENDS SQUADRON '
TO CHINA'S WATERS
. WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— It Is prob
able that the new cruiser Tacoma, Cap
tain Nicholson commanding, will '.be or
dered shortly to the' Far, East and will
Join the cruiser squadron of the Asiatic
fleet at Shanghai.
Admiral Evans,' commanding the
Asiatic station., has. notified t the Navy
Department he has « dispatched
three of the cruiser squadron to North
China ports, where they will be in read
iness to serve as dispatch boats or '. for
the succor: of refugees or •similar pur
poses during the: progress .of -'the war.
The New Orleans 'has started from Ca
vlte for Chefu, the * nearest neutral
pointy to the theater of war. The Ra
leigh and Frolic have started from Ca
vite: f or Shanghai.
The Japanese -Minister to-day re
ceived a dispatch from Tokio stating
that .. i trustworthy information. - has
/ TKS 5THEATESS.
•'# ~~~"~"^
Alcarar — "The Charitr Ball."
'AUismbra — "The Kiltie*" Band.
MattaeS To-Day.
California — "Devil's Auction."
Central — "The Men of Jimtown."
Chutea — Vane eville.
Colombia — "aiactoetfc."
Piscijer's — "aoiy-Poly." .
Grand — "Whoop-Bee-Doo." Mat
inee To-Day.
lyric Hall — Blazsvelt Concert.
Orpnanm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — "Wlxea Johnny Comes
Marching 1 Home."
Japanese Seize Beef
Cap From San
: Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAGASAKI. Japan, Feb. 17.— The
Japanese have Intercepted the British
steamship Coptic, bound from San
Francisco for Vladivostok, and have
taken off the provisions purchased in
America by the Russian Government.
The provisions consisted . chiefly of
canned goods.
The. Coptic sailed from San Fran
cisco on Friday, January 15, bound for
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yoko
hama, ■ She carried a general cargo
valued at $245,018. destined for Japan,
China, Korea, the Philippines. East In
dies and Vladivostok.
The consignment to Vladivostok con
sisted of 182,000 pounds of packed beef,
consigned by a San Francisco firm to
its agents. The beef was a portion of
an order of 3,000,000 pounds of beef
placed by the Russian Government
with the firm of Getz & Co. of this
city through "its representatives in the
Orient. The value of the beef ship
ment on the Coptic was $11,033.
reached the Japanese Government to
the effect that as a result of the Japan
ese attack on the Russian squadron off
Port Arthur on February 8 the Russian
battleship Retvizan is still aground
outside the port, the Cesarevitch has
been towed into port and the Pallada
is still aground at the entrance of the
port. All three . are hors de combat.
The dispatch says that as a result of
the bombardment on the morning of
the 9th the Noyik was severely dam
aged, but the Askold, Diana and Pol
tava' were only slightly damaged.
De Rosen Arrives at Shanghai.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 17.— Baron de
Rosen, the late Russian Minister to
Japan, has arrived here on the French
steamship Yarra and Is staying at the
Russian consulate.
Sultan Fears Russian Wrath.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 16.— An
irade has been issued commanding the
Turkish press to refrain from publish
ing comments unfavorable to Russia
during the war. -
PRICE FIVE CENT!?
Russian Fleet
Sails Toward
Korea.
Great Battle of
Land Forces
Expected.
Special Cable to The Call and »w York
Herald. Copyright, 10»M. by the New Yorlc
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU. Feb. 16.— The British steam
ship Wenchow. detained at Port Ar
thur rince the opening of hostilities,
arrived here to-day crowded with Jap
anese refugees, and reports the Rus
sian Port Arthur f!eet moving in the
direction of Korea.
A trifling engagement took place in
the Gulf of Pechill between rival tor
pedo-boats, but no damage was done,
it being merely an exchange of shots.
It Is believed that the Japanese con
template another naval attack upon the
Port Arthur fortifications.
Russian reinforcements are moving
rapidly to the Yalu, where a great land
fight is expected to occur soon.
The Russian forces stationed near
Newehwan? are buying all available
provisions for the garrison at Port Ar
thur. The Government officials at Port
Arthur are very 'strict against mer
chants raising food prices, and it Is
reported that they 4 have entirely de
molished a large bakery which was
making an attempt to "corner'* flour.
The Japanese are hastening their
preparations on Elliot Island with
transports and commissary, from which
they will make a big land attack on
Port Arthur.
CHINESE -BANDITS . ROUTED.
In Manchuria the railway guards
have been considerably strengthened In
fear of interruption by the Chinese.
At Harbin the flour mills are now
under Government control.
Following the reported Japanese suc
cess in the first attack at Port Arthur,
180 Chinese mounted bandits ransacked
a Russian station near M-ukden on Feb
ruary 12, A Chinese servant informed
his employer and the Russians fled pre
cipitately. The bandits, flushed with
success, apfJroached the next station,
but there they were met by eighty
Cossacks, who defeated them, and they
in turn fled, leaving fifty-eight dead.
Arriving passengers confirm the re
port of the arrival of extensive Rus
sian reinforcements at Harbin.
GARRISONS ARE INCREASED.
PORT ARTHUR. Feb. 16.— The au
thorities have taken every precaution
to protect the arsenal. The usual guard
of 500 men has now been increased to
2000.
At Kinchou. Tallenwan and Bidzivo
the forts and garrisons have been re
plenished threefold.
A circular has been Issued that any
Chinese caught looting will be shot Im
mediately.
At Newsky, the destroyer works at
Port Arthur, there Is great activity,
as they are doing their utmost to
launch six partly finished vessels now
building. Labor is scarce, but high
wages entice Chinese smiths to work.
The naval gymnasium is preparing re
cruits for sea duty.
The bodyguard of the Viceroy, usually
only eight Cossacks, now comprises
thirty-six chosen men.'
" A high mass, which lasted four hours.
was said at the Russian church on Sun
day, at which were present the Viceroy
and all others high officially. The pre
siding Bishop blessed the regimental
banners.
ALEXIEFF GOES TO HARBIN".
NEWCHWANG, Feb. 16.— Viceroy
Alexieff left Port Arthur to-day, pro
ceeding to Harbin with General Pflug,
the chief of .staff, and the general staff.
It is said that the Russian army and
navy commands will be reorganized
and that General Kerpaitsky will com
mand the Yalu division, which is ex
pecting to be attacked by the Japanese
forces.
Atrocities are daily perpetrated upon
foreigners and natives, both by the or
ganized police and by incoming troops,
which makes it impossible for the civil
administrators of Ncwchwang to con
trol the situation. It is feared that a
reign of terror will be precipitated If
the neutral powers remain inactive.'
A captain of police, with ten soldiers,
without any provocation, destroyed the
contents of a hotel owned by a German,
where three Japanese had registered
under the protection of the civil ad
ministrator. These Japanese were
bound, . gagged and robbed of food,
money and Jewelry. They were rescuei
Continued on Face- 4. Column 4.2
IHR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. ' ; 'i, _^^~. -~^~~—~^^ :,„_-_._ -_-_-_,-„.
Attacked by Diseases Due to Cold, Exposure and the Terrible Strain of Their Work, Motormen
and Conductors Are Made Strong by This Wonderful Remedy.
The daily work of a motorman is enough to break down a constitution of steel. He must face cold and storm day and night.
Cooped up on his narrow platform, he must stand, while bitter winds pierce him to the bone, no matter how heavy his clothing. Every
minute he must be on the alert, and in the midst of suffering his judgment must be quick and sure, for an error may cost a human life.
Tired and hungry after hours of work that keep his nerves tense as fiddle-strings, he sits in the corner of a car to devour a cold, hasty
meal from a tin pail. These brave men aresexposed to risks as great as those of the battlefield. Fortunately, when nature can stand the
strain no longer, the railroad men know where to find new strength and energy. The statements printed below tell of wonderful curesby
Swamp-Root, the great Kidney Remedy. . ; \ .
Swamp-Root Cured Me. Splendid Results Obtained Lame Back Cured by Weak Kiel neys Cure^ by Heartily Recommends j
<To a nnronTER.) by the Use of Swamp= Swamp=Root. ' Swamp* Root. Swamp=Root.
"Like magic fittingly describes Root. ito a reporter.) _^ (to a- reporter.) - < TO a reporter.) ,
the manner in which Swamp- (to a reporter.) "For 'a : long time I suffered (JutdoOr WOrkeTS a long time with gas-
S^llilSl W^^^^ li^Slllil; ° f k!nd eSCapC tn-cdypepsia;. which ggg
c luII s uv - ft at t^ e c ] ian g e o f the seasons — ' j * ; f seemed to benefit, until, I com-
tite. of many years standing. I Sprjng and Fall _ I suffered morc without relief. Hearing and read- grave dangers Dy. tak~ mencecl takin<r Swamp-Root I
".> ' "' ' *, -■- a general exhaustion, sometimes; > • {-{]g Ttt*St : S1PT1 'of kldneV tr-nr — v. ' ■ ' '"■' " ■■■■ a
;i £?fev '*•'', -.> so bad I would have to take to ; " 1C / t 7^ ' WT%W§^
£^.i > -:: ", bed Last Fall I was threat-! ".<" " Ot bladder trouble. [ ' - ' ; A
V. -■ fe& ■■'■■'* ■■"'-# ened with the usual attack, and,; /.. . * %W -^w I T\^t. „„*<. „«+;! >^ -*->.
• • hearing of the good results ob- ' " t - Wait Ulltll tO" , *,^^?
gained through Swamp-Koot. I §W^i ' mOtTOW. ■ ' ftBgaT^
stomach trouble that was recom- ;?^^^^^^^^^^^^8§V' - ; j Swamp-Root I thought I would j fe^^ft^K^^ If»w3«- ■*^*»fa9 r m ~>;- : «p$g^|
mended to me, without relief, un- i f ' e * /V^ * c{ °[ C . fin . ishin^ with such good results that I de-
ui I tried Swamp-Root on the ad- 1 fflS^MwI^IPm^ the first bottle the kink in m > CH , J^t*Mk% -^ l -* \ K • ,
vice o: a friend. It did not re-; fe^fe^^^^^S back had nearly disappeared ; thiV P5^4^^»»S V 1 *"" tO ''V^, u
quire more than four bottles to j encouraged me to use it faithful- ip^^^^MS^^ CUFed me S ° effect « alI y that '
set my stomach right, and for the j^^^^^^^MmSS^Umf \ ly. Five bottles cured me entirely, \ fefe^S^^^^^^^S^^Ij thou g h !t 1S now nearly a year
past two months I have been eat- hnno-hf a -nr hnttlp whiVh hpn? an(i although it is over 6 months s "' ago since my recovery, there has
. . . ... . . , oougnt a uuLiie, w iulii ucne- . j n mv ca se bwamp-Koot was , - , . .
ing with a relish anything set be- fi te d me so greatly that, to make since "V recovery I have had no the Qne £ id remedy that cured been no return of the dread &as-
fore me, something I had been assurance doubly sure, I bought pain or ache since. It certainly me w j len a j] o thers utterly failed. tr i c attacks. I take this means of
unable to do previously for years, another, which cured me so cf- affords me pleasure to indorse I consider its effect on weak kid- showing my gratitude, and heart-
Am stronger than ever." fectually that I have had no pain Swamp-Root." <:> f neys really wonderful and am ily recommend Swamp-Root to
or ache since. Swamp-Root has pleased to indorse its merits. It all suffering the same as I did."
ft 0 fj^ my S rateful and hearty indorse- /j A /fJ ' ; - cures and .gives strength." . ; s y .
1009 Xostrand Ave., B'klyn. 156 Marion St., B'klyn. 1381 Herkimer St., B'klyn! ' 1408 Fulton St., B'klyn. 1696 Bergen St., B'klyn.
/ ; •:
; Why 'Swaitrp=Rcot Gives 1 Strength.
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects "of any kind of severe physical strain are felt, first of all, in the
small of the back—in other words, in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys. This is as true in the case of the very powerful mamas it is with one
of less strength, and it is especially true whenever^ the kidneys are weak. Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue fatal results
are sure to follow. - ' " : —
SWAMP-ROOT STRENGTHENS THE KIDNEYS and through them helps all the- other organs. When this wonderful medical discovery
can put the human body into condition to the hard work and th$ tremendous strain of the motormen/it is easy to understand how
it has cured thousands upon thousands in the more ordinary and less strenuous walks of life.
No matter how many doctors you have tried— no matter how much money, you have spent on other medicines —you really owe it to
yourself and to your family to atleast give Swamp-Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had almost given up hope of
ever becoming well again. . \
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for 'YOU, a Sample J Bottle Will Be Sent Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE — Swamp-Root is the new discovery of the eminent kidney and bladder specialist, and is used in the leading hospitals, recommended
by physicians in their private practice, and taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that has ever been
discovered. ..•■-.' ' : • : •■" ■'■•• /■> '■■*•;'-'
So successful is Swamp- Root in. promptly curing even the most distressing cases, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book
of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root is so well known that our ; readers are adyised to send for a sample bottle. In writing to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and say that you Vead this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuine-
ness of this offer. .'; ,. ■'._■■; >. /; ,..., ..; • . ■ *"
Don't make any mistake, but remember the name Swamp=Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamtoq,
I • N. Y., on every bottle , for sale at all Drug Stores— Fifty Cents and One Dollar.
MYSTERIOUS
CHARIOT DEAL
Roman Officials Make Much
Ado Abou^ Secret Sale of
Ancient Vdhicle to American
ROME. Feb. 16.— Deputy Barnabei,
formerly Director General of Fine Arts,
interrogated the Government in the
Chamber to-day concerning the alleged
surreptitious exportation to the United
States of a Greek archaie chariot
which was discovered in the" Depart
ment of Umbria. He said this. chariot
was most valuable; that it dated from
six to eeven centuries before Christ
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Liver and Kidneys
It is highly important that these organ:
cLould properly perform their functions. '
When they don't, what lameness of th-'
e'de and back, what yellowness of the skin
xvh&t constipation, bad taste in the moutb
£ "cfc headache, pimples and blotches, an-,
loss of courage, tell the story.
The great alterative and tonic
Hood'sSarsapariik
GItps these organs vigor and tone for th>
proper performance of their f unctions, am
cores all their ordinary ailments. Take it,
and that it had carved upon it pic
tures of events of great historical in
terest. " The \6sa to Italian archaeology
was incalculable. The chariot had been
bought for $50,000 by a wealthy Ameri
can manufacturer, who had presented
it to a museum in New York.
Signor Pinchal, Under Secretary of
PublJc Instruction, said in reply that
the Inspector whose negligence had per
mitted the sale had been dismissed and
that strong measures have been adopt
ed to prevent a repetition of the oc
currence. ; >. : j
SCHOOXER GOES ASHORE ,
AXD MAY BE WRECKED
Scotia Queen Strikes Rocks In Nan-
tucket Sound and Suddenly
Disappears.
NANTUCKET, Mass., Feb. 16. — The
Nova Scotia schooner Scotia Queen
struck on Tuckernuck Shoals in Nan
tucket Sound last night and as noth
ing can be seen of the vessel to-day,
it is thought she is lost with all hands
numbering flve men. but there is a
chance that the vessel wai blown clear
of the shoals. The Scotia Queen was
bound from River Harbor, N. S., for
New York with a cargo of lumber.
Railroad Men in Conference.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 16. — A cort
ference committee of the Santa Fe
trainmen ie here conferring with the
Santa Fe officials. First Vice Presi
dent Kendrick and General Manager
Mudge are representing the company.
The questions concerning • differences
of wage matters on the western part
of the system. are under consideration
Rnssin Will Xot Exhibit.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 16 Com
missioner General Alexandrovisky to
day officially announced the abandon
ment of the proposed participation of
Russia in the St. Louis Exposition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. I'EBRUAR\ li, li)0-i.
POWELL WILL
CALL A HALT
Rebels in Santo Domingo Have
Committed Another Breach
and Uncle Sam Is Indignant
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— The rebels
In Santo Domingo have committed an
other breach of international law, which
added to those preceding Is making
up a formidable case that may justify
the United States Government In inter
vening to restore order and protect the
property in the distracted island. To
day Minister Powell reported to the
State Department that he had received
belated advices from Jean Villaine, the
vice consular agent at Samana, dated
February 9, to this effect: -
"Insurgents entered our consulate at
Samana with armed force and took
two refugees out." ',
The State Department promptly com
municated this information to the Navy
Department, with a request that proper
action be taken by the naval authori
ties to protect the United States con
sulate. This was promptly transmitted
to Admiral Wise, and it is the belief
that he will not only protect the con
sulate, but will demand the. punishment
of the perpetrato«s Of this outrage, and
If the , provisional , government is not
able to do this' he will employ the
United States naval force to chastise
the insurgents.
Germans Killed in a Battle.
BERLIN, ..Feb. 16.— A dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger from Okhandja,
German Southwest Africa, says that in
an ' outpost skirmish near Seeis Feb
ruary 14 the German column march
ing to the relief of lost
three men killed and had two men
wounded. - • ■
BOSTOX LAWYER GETS
THE CO3IMISSIONERSHIP
Important Position in the Philippines
Formerly Occupied , by Secretary
Taft Is Filled.
BOSTON, Feb. 16. — W. Cameron
Forbes of this city, whose. acceptance
of the office of United States Commis
sioner of the-Philippines Islands was
announced from Washington to-day,
is a member of a well known Boston
family and a prominent lawyer. He is
about 40 years of age and is a gradu
ate- from Harvard University, class of
'92. At Harvard he won fame as a
footbali player and subsequently was
head coach of the varsity eleven for
two. seasons. Mr. Forbes has had
wide experience. in important financial
undertakings and has been active in
public works for a number of years.
He expects to leave for Manila about
March 15. ,
Election In -New Brunswick.
ST. JOHN.r-v Brunswick. Feb. 16.
Dr. W. J. Daniel. Conservative, was
elected by 301 majority over H. A.
McKeown, Government candidate, in
the St. John bye-election • to-day for
the seat in the Canadian Commons va
cated by A . B. Blair, recent j Minister
of Railways.' The- Government's
Grand Trunk Pacific Transcontinental
Railway -plan was an important factor
In the contest, the proposed railroad
legislation not being popular here.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxatlv« Btotdo Quinine Tablets. 'All
druggist* refund the money If It falls. to cure.
E. \V. Grovt'a signature l» on each box. 25a. •
RESENTS INSULT
TO AMERICANS
"William Redmond, Parliament
Member, Creates a Scene in
English House. of Commons
LONDON, Feb. 16.— William Red
mond caused a scene in the House of
Commons to-day during the di3cussiOD
on the subject of Chinese labor in tlu
Transvaal. H. J. C. Custs (Conserva
tive) made a reference to the effect
that the Irish labor vote was responsible
for corruption in New York, whereupon
Redmond- exclaimed excitedly: "You
have no right to insult an American;
I will not allow it."
The Speaker called Redmond to or
der, and cither members protested, but
still Redmond continued repeating his
exclamation and added: "In America
at least they don't appoint a Chancellor
of the 'Exchequer that is unfit for his
post."
The Speaker again intervened, and
Redmond finally subsided with the re
mark: "America seems to get on all
right."
Nations Slsn Arbitration Treaty.
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 1C— A treaty
of | arbitration between j Denmark and
Holland was signed February 12,? to
become effective when the ratifications
were exchanged. It contains no limita
tions in regard to the questions which
can be decided by The Hague Trlbuntfl
Court.
NATION'S NOTABLE MEN
TO HONOR DEAD SENATOR
Impressive Funeral Services Which the President and a
Multitude of Dignitaries Are to Attend Will Be Held
To- Day in the Chamber Where Hanna Had His Seat
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The House
will convene at 11:45 a. m. to-morrow,
when s the members will march in a
body, with Speake^ Cannon at their
head, to the Senate, there to render
honor to the memory of the late Sen
ator Hanna. The official order setting
forth the order of the services at the
funeral has been prepared by the Sen
ate committee in charge of the arrange
ments, as follows:
The Senate will meet at 12 o'clock
noon. The body of the late Senator M.
A. Hanna will be placed in the Senate
chamber prior to the assembling of the
Senate. The President of the United
States and his Cabinet, the Chief Jus
tice and Associate Justices of the Su
preme Court, the House of Representa
tives, the diplomatic corps, the admiral
of the navy and the lieutenant general
of the army have been invited to attend
the services in the chamber and will
occupy the seats on the floor of the
Senate assigned by the sergeant-at
arms. Upon the announcement of the
Senate President pro tern, the clergy
will conduct the funeral services. All
the Senate galleries will be reserved
for this occasion, admission being by
special cards only.
MRS. IIAXXA PROSTRATED.
Mrs. Hanna is feeling the effects of
the strain on her strength incident to
her ceaseless vigilance at the bedside
of the late Senator during his illness of
two weeks. To-day for the first time
she was very much prostrated. She
rallied again, however, and during, the
latter portion of the day saw friends
who called to express their condolences.
Sh'e expects to attend the funeral cere
monies in the Senate to-morrow and to
accompany the remains of the late Sen
ator to Cleveland to-morrow night.
At the White House to-day the Presi
dent and all the attaches shared in the
general sorrow over the death of Sen
ator Hanna. President Roosevelt, the
members of his Cabinet, Senators and
Representatives in Congress and callers
of all classes sadly paid tribute to the
memory of the dead statesman.
Representative William Alden Smith
of Michigan related at the White House
a touching incident of a recent conver
sation he had with Senator Hanna. He
went to Senator Hanna in the Senate
chamber one day and invited him to at
tend as one of the distinguished men of
the country the semi-centennial cele
bration of the founding of the.Republi
can rarty, to be held at Jackson, Mich.,
on July 6 next.
PREMONITION* OF DEATH.
"I don't know where I will be then."
was the Senator's pathetic reply to the
invitation.
"Why, you will be right here, of
course." returned Mr. Smith, reassur
ingly.
"No," replied Mr. Hanna, "I am
afraid I won't."
"I walked to the rear of the Senate
chamber," said Mr. Smith, "and looking
back at the Senator wondered if he had
a premonition that he might not live
long. The Impression mads by his
word3 never left me." _
At the meeting of the Cabinet to-day
the death of the Ohio Senator was la
mented deeply. All the members enter
tained for him the profoundest regard
and respect. The opportunity afforded
by the "meeting was embraced by all
t-re c vnt to pay personal tributes to their
dead friend. Little business was
transacted. The members decided to
assemble at the White House at or
about 11 o'clock to-morrow to accom
pany the President to the Capitol to at
tend the Senate funeral services.
IMPOSING FUNERAL PAGEANT:.
Thousnmls of Cleveland Citizens to
Take Part In Obsequies.
CLEyELAND, Feb. 16.— At a con
ference of representative citizens held
In the City Hall this afternoon it de
veloped that the funeral of Senator
Hanna is likely to be one of the most
magnificent displays of affection that
has been shown an individual.
Veterans of the Civil War, working:
men, Spamsh-Am2rican veterar.s and
perhaps all of the several military com
panies of the city will participate in
the funeral procession.
During the time the body remains in
the Chamber of Commerce auditorium
the guard, of honor will ba alternately
of Civil War veterans and members of
the Fifth Resiment.
Mayor Johnson will Issue a procla
mation to-morrow suggesting the sus
pension of all business during the hours
of the funeral and this suggestion wil!
be carried out. President Andrews uf
the Cleveland Electric Company stated
that he would order the cessation of ail
street car service in the city during
the funeral time.
Senator Hanna was a comrade in
Memorial Post. G. A. R.. and that or-
Kaniration will be prominent in the
funeral procession. The proffer pf mil
itary assistance to maintain order was
respectfully declined by Mayor John
son,"who is confident that the local
policerforce is amDle for the occasion.
No formal Invitations will be sent to
any organization to participate in th»
procession, but all those who wish will
be Dermitted to do so. The represen
tative of the United Trades and Labor
Council stated that undoubtedly thou
sands of worklngmen would be part
of the funeral escort.
Admission to the church will be by
card. . . . . - .
The body "of Senator Harma' will, not
be - taken to the family home nor to
that of his son. but will be In the hands
of the committee' of public men from
the time it arrives in the city until the
final ceremony In Lakeview Cemetery.
OHIO LEGISLATORS ADJOURN.
In Two Weeks Balloting for Electing
Hanna*s Successor WH1 Bezin.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Feb. 16.— The Gen-
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
A month, on trial.
t Write for Address
treatment. XS^-JL \f Racine, Wis.
< ,
ei-al Assembly met to-day and ad
journed until next Monday out of re
spect to Senator Hanna. At that time
the two houses will be formally notified
by Governor Herrick of the death of
the Senator and two weeks later, on
March 14, a ballot will be taken for a
successor in the Senate.
The political situation Is very un
settled at the present time and whom
the Republicans will agree on is beyond
conjecture.
Governor Herrick is spoken of. but
political alliances make it almost im
possible for him to accept the honor.
Congressman Dick is also mentioned as
a candidate. Judge Taft la considered
by many as being in the race and other
names are mentioned.
EULOGY OP LABOR LEADERS.
President 3Iltchell of United Mine
Works and Others Deplore Demise.
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 16.— President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers
of America has sent a personal tele
gram of condolence to Mrs. Hanna. say
ing that in Senator/Hanna's death la
bor'has lost a sincere friend.
Mr. Mitchell said to-day:
"The death of Senator Hanna Is a
distinct loss to the cause of industrial
peace. The latter years of his life were
given to the promotion of the work of
reconciling the interests of employes
and employers. I enjoyed the friend
ship of Senator Hanna and his confi
dence in matters of this kind, and I
know of many things he has done, of
many sacrifices he has made in the in
terest of organized workingmen^ for
which he neither souarht nor received
credit. His efforts as chairman of th*
National Civic Federation brought, him
into close relationship with nearly all
the trade union movements, and he had
the respect of all men."
William Huber, president of the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and
Joiners, said:
"In the death of Senator Hanna I
feel that this country has lost one of its
greatest statesmen and leaders, one
whose loss will be felt among all men.
one who dared to do and say what he
thought was right, irrespective of what
the opposition might contend for."
President Lynch of the International
Typographical Union said:
' "Occupying such a commanding posi
tion in public life Senator Hanna
wielded an Influence that was prolific
in results, and his tolerant and reason
able attitude on the questions that are
causing strife between capital and la
bor created a better feeling and a bet
ter understanding on the part of the
disputants and the public generally.
The sentiment thus created will not dte
with Senator Hanna. It will live long
er than the remembrance of his political
victories."
SURVEYS IN HAWAII
ARE TO BE HURRIED
Men Employed in Coast and Geo-
detlc Work Will Report on
Hanalei Bay.
HONOLULU, Feb. 10.— The bay of
Hanalei is to be surveyed by the Coast
and Geodetic Survey. For some rea
son the orders from Washington are
to rush the work and report as rapid
ly as posslMe. By th« Korea tlwrro ar
rived Henry D. King and J. W. Mil
burn of the -Coast and Geodetic Sur
vey, who will go to Kauai by an early
steamer end begin the work of a com
plete hydrographic survey of that
pretty bay.
Another member of the Coast ana
Geodetic Survey who has arrived here
is E. Smith, who came by the China
from Guam. He has been in Guam
for some months making time obser
vations for lonjritude In connection
with Fremont Morse, who was first
in Manila and afterward at Midway.
These observations of time for longi
tude were determined on by the Coast
and Geodetic Survey as soon as the
Pacific cable was laid. The observa
tions were first made between San
Francisco and Honolulu.
REAR ADMIRAL. CHARLES
S. COTTON HAS RESIGNED
Veteran Naval Officer Leaves Service
on' Account of Ill-Health of
Ills Wife.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.—Announce
ment was made to-day at the Navy
Department of the retirement at hi*
own request of Rear Admiral Charles
S. Cotton, commander In chief of tiv?
European station. Admiral Cotton'*
reque3t to be retired was because of
the continued ill-health of his wife.
It is thought that he hauled down his
flag from the Brooklyn to-day at
Genoa. He will probably be succeeded
by Rear Admiral Chadwick.
Strike Fines Must "To Paid.
TRENTON. N. J.. Feb. 16.—Chan
cellor Magie to-day, after a hearing,
made an order sustaining the fine
that had been imposed upon elsht
persons by Vice Chancellor Pitney
for contempt of court for violating un
order restraining them from interfer
ing with non-union workers at the
time of the strike in the Frank &
Dugan silk mills in Paterson. The
strike took place two years ago. The
fines aggregated $230, and there are
now costs, which will bring the tota.1
amount uf> to $1000.
Fair Case Witnesses Committed.
PARIS, Feb. 16. — The preliminary
inquiry into the charges of perjury
made against Luclen Mass and Al
fred Moranne In connection with tes
timony given by them with regard to
the death of Mr. and Mrs. Charles L.
Fair, who were killed in an automo
bile accident in France in August.
1902. has been concluded. The ac
cused were committed for trial.STORM BEARS
RAIN TO SOUTH
Abundant Moisture Falls
Upon the Fields in^ the
Lower Counties of the *State
GROWERS SURE OF CROPS
Heavy Downpour in Mendo
ciuo and Buttc Causes a Slight
Flood on Streets of Towns
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16. — At 9 o'clock
this morning a gentle rain began fall-
Ing- here, ■which •within half an hour
h.id become a steady downpour. The
wind came from the south and indi
cations point to continued rain. In
the country a heavy rain began ear
lier In the morning. Grass had al
ready appeared, and the present storm
•will make feed. The outlook is great
ly encouraging to farmers.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 16. — A steady
downpour of rain that commenced in
the earlv hours of the morning is still
falling to-night, with good prospects
for a further continuance. The Gov
ernment gauge showed a precipitation
for the present storm of .53 of an inch
at 9 o'clock, making a total for the sea
son of 2.14. For the same period last
season the fall was 8.60. The local
"Weather Bureau predicts a continua
tion of this storm throughout the
nijrht, and the showers may possibly
extend over to-morrow.
POMONA, Feb. 16. — The drought is
surely broken in Pomona Valley. It
has been raining steadily here four
teen hours and bids fair to keep on
raining during the night. This is the
first real soaking: rain in Pomona Val
ley since last April. With only a few
more showers hay and sugar beet
crops in this region are assured of
success for this year.
BRISK SOUTHERN' SHOWERS.
SANTA ANA, Feb. 16. — A steady
downpour of rain began falling at 6
a. m. A g-ood rain at this time as
sures the starting of grain and other
crops and food in the hills for cattle
men. Rain is still falling, with good
prospects for a continuance.
RIVERSIDE. Feb. 16. — Rain began
falling here at € o'clock this morning
and has kept up in brisk showers
pince. The promise is for a good
downpour.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Feb. 16. — The
ranfall for San Luis Obispo last night
measured 2.06 inches. To-day has
been clear. Numerous other points in
this county report from one inch to
3.25 inches, the southern j>art of the
i-ounty getting' the heaviest fall. Farm
ing will now proceed very rapidly and
dry sown grain is making a showing.
BAKKR2SF1ELB. Feb. 16.— The
heaviest rain of the season fell here
r -«rly this morning. The precipitation
at Bakersfield was .41. Throughout
The county the fall ranged from .22
ft Lakeside to .03 at Caliente and .7T.
rt Tehachapi. The rain will be of
trreat benefit, especially to slock and
Fheep men.
DAIRYMEN ARE JOYFUL.
BALLARD, Feb. 16. — The heaviest
r.-in of the season besran falling short
ly jifu-r midnight. L'p to 4 o'clock
this eveniiijT over an inch has fallen.
■Kijh LMUijr indication of a downpour
t'.-iiipht. The seasons ' rainfall to
date is 3 inches. ,There is much re
joicing among the farmers and dairy
men, as abundant crops and feed are
nssured. The work on the local
creamery, which was suspended on ac
< ount of the drought, will be resumed
immediately.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 1G. — Half an inch
if rain fell here last night and al
though clr-ar this morning;, it is again
• ■loudins up- There is more water in
ihe streams than at any previous time
this winter.
I'KIAH. Feb. 16.— The continued rain
in Mendoeino and Lake counties has
« aus^d a sudden rise of all rivers and
creeks. Last night the streets of Willits
wer* 1 under water, several stores heir.;;
flooded. It was impossible to travel
about town without hin boots. The
M-s.ter was several inches* deep in Stay's
jrrocyry. the Palace Hotel, Wells' saloon
and several other houses. Ensrine 33 of
the California and Northwestern Ilail
v ay v.as glidebound between Wlllita
and this city and was unable to move
intil a crew was sent from Willits. One
of the slides was reported to be thirty
Ceet deep near Lafferty's cabin. One
•iKSsrr.pcr train from this city did nut
■f-avp until 2 o'clock this afternoon for
v niit^. as Ihe. bridge across Redwood
Creek Was unsafe. The evening train
.traa not able to reach this city last
~ht. In Upper Lake the whole town
team under water.
LOW LAXDS ARK FLOODED.
MARYSVILLK. Feb. Ifi.— Nearly four
. -hfs of rain fell in the .storm that
■ '•rminated this morning, and as a re-
Mj!t the water in the rivers is risinp:
rapidly. The Yuba River to-night has
! *«sed the eighteen-foot mark and in
>:>j\vly rising', while the Feather is also
■'■•>undins; tip. North of this city the
!<>w lands are flooded and traffic by
v.agon is at a standstill. "Water covers
the tracks of the Oroville branch line,
but trains are still going through. To
the. south the same conditions exist in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I HERES somethln s doin g
A around here nowadays
CL You'd think so, too, if you could see
the piles of new goods rolling: in here
ever) udy. .
$L We^ haven't time to tell you the de-
tails to-day, but you'll hear from us later.
€L There'll be good news for you then,
<1J1 ngflL. '•'•' • • • • • ■,: -iV-.
**• Just wait and see. : : : ;
KEARNY AT POST.
YAQUIS SLAY
TWO OFFICIALS
Mexican Inspectors and a
Driver and Guide the .Vic
tims of Murderous Indians
AMERICAN MINERS ESCAPE
Bodies Arc Found in Sonora
and Forces Have Been Sent
Afield Against the Savages
Special IMspatch to The Call
TUCSON. Ariz.. Feb. 16.— A special
to the Sonora Mail, published at Guay
mas, says that a band of fifteen Yaqul
Indians has been committing depreda
tions in the mining country south of
Urcs, Sonora; that Edward Bell and H.
S. Smith, two American miners travel
ing through that country on horseback,
were attacked by the Indians and es
caped only after a hard right and that
a party of four Mexicans, two of them
Government officials, were assassinated
by the Indians.
John Caballero, a Government forest
inspector, and Miguel Castillo, an in
spector of Mexican postofflces, were
traveling with a driver and guide with
out fear of molestation by the Yaquis,
who had not been seen in that imme
diate section. The bodies of all four
men were found lying in the road south
of Ures. The remains had been robbed
of everything: of value and the horses
stolen. The band passed a ranch near
by the spot without stopping to attack
it. They later chased Smith and Bell
and it is thought they have returned to
the mountains whence they came.
Forces have been sent out in search
of them, but there is no likelihood they
will be overtaken and captured.
WOMEN TALK
TO CONGRESSMEN
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The Na
tional Woman's Suffrage Association
was given a hearing by the House
Committee on Judiciary to-day. A del
egation numbering over half a hun
dred women, headed by Mrs. Carrie
Chapman-Catt. president of the asso
ciation, arranged themselves around
the committee room and enthusiasti
cally applauded the points made In
their behalf and of a sixteenth amend
ment to the constitution by the va
rious speakers, whom Mrs. Catt pre
sented.
Members of the committee asked th*
several women speakers from Colorado
as to thi> reason of Shafroth's action
in resigning his seat in the House yes
terday because of fraud at the polls.
Miss K'lis Meredith, wher made the
first answer to the question, said the
fraudulent vote on this occasion was
confined to certain Denver precincts.
She exonerated the women voters from
participation. She said that 55 per cent
of the voters of the State were men
and 45 per cent were women, while 42
per cer.t of the actual vote was the
vote of the women.
••Showing." remarked Representative
Litt'efield, "that the women vote as
frequently as the men."
Mrs. Mary C. Bradford, also of Colo
rado, raid that in testifying to the bene
fits of woman's suffrage through twen
ty-seven States she had found that the
greatest bugbear to be met was the
seeming dread oi the polls. The gen
eral Impression \v ) as that the polls were
placed where all the wemen were com
pelled to go and stand in line with
all the bad men, who occupied the time
in swearinp. As a matter of fact, the
men met at the polls were the hus
bands, brothers and friends of the
women.
The delegation also was given a hear
in;? by the Senate Committee an Wo
man Suffrage.
Rev. Anna Shaw has been elected
president of the National American
Woman's Suffrage Association. She
succeeds Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Catt.
and the latter takes the position of
vice president at large. Other officers
were re-elected. Portland, Or., was
selected as the place for the next
meeting.
regard to flood water, but all trains
from that way are running on time.
On the Sutter County side and in the
tule basin the water is rising rapidly,
and men are patrolling the levees to
prevent possible breaks, which would
do much damage. At this hour no dam
age is reported, and it is believed that
there is no danger. The levee system
around the city is perfect and a rise of
many feet could be experienced without
any uneasiness. The levee on the Linda
side broke this afternoon, but a force
of men are repairing the break. The re
port of a heavy rainfall in the moun
tain* accounts for the sudden Rising of
the Yuba. The storm has been of much
benefit to farmers and fruit growers.
The total rainfall for the season is thir
teen inches, against fifteen inches for
the same time last season.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 390*.
WOMEN, WEARY OF LIFE,
SEEK TO END THEIR DAYS
Julia Lowe, Domestic, Shoots Herself Twice and Tells
Weird Tale of Battle With Burglars™ Mrs.- Driscoll
Drinks Carbolic Acid and Dies in Her Husband's Arms
YOUNG DOMESTIC WHO SAID SIIE HAD BEEN SHOT BY BURGLAR.
AFTERWARD CONFESSING SHE HAD Till ED TO KILL HER
SELF, AND WIFE OK PHYSICIAN WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE.
Two women, feeling that life was no
longer worth the living, attempted sui
cide early yesterday morning. Both
attempts were evidently cases of ex
treme despondefney, resulting from
physical ailments. As a result, one
woman is dead and the other lies in
a precarious condition at the City Re
ceiving Hospital. One used a cheap re
volver of small caliber and the oth.er,
the wife of a physician, took carbolic
acid with fatal results. Both were still
youthful enough, in the ordinary course
of nature, to have had many years of
happy life before them, but they chose
a direct plunge into eternity to an un
known future in this world and a nat
ural ending.
Julia Henrietta Lowe, a divorced
woman employed as a domestic at 2440
Jackson street, attempted to end her
life at an early hour yesterday morn
ing and incidentally had the police
scouring the neighborhood for hours in
search of an imaginary burglar. At the
Central Emergency Hospital, where she
now lies hovering between life and
death, the woman appended her naiiie
to a romantic story of a midnight
struggle with a burglar, which she aft
erward confessed was pure fiction.
About 2:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon the occupants of the house were
aroused by screams for help. Mrs.
Lowe was found lying on the floor Of
the dining-room, bleeding from wounds
in each breast. When questioned as
to how she had received her injuries,
she told a sensational story of a strug
gle with a burglar, who, after ■wound
ing her, had fled from the house.
3IA1LES CONFESSION'.
The woman was removed to the
Emergency Hospital and the police at
once notified, Detectives Coleman and
Braig being detailed on the case. At
the hospital it was found that the
wounds had been inflicted with a pistol
of small caliber at close range, as the
woman's clothing was powder burned.
To the detectives she stated that she
was aroused during the night and
found a strange man in the dining
room. She did not scream, but at once
grappled with him. He fought des
perately and finally, drawing a revol
ver, fired two shots. Sc- vivid was the
imagination of. the woman that she
even described the man's appearance
and dress.
Her tale, however, lacked the ring of
sincerity and the detectives made a
second visit to the house. After a care
ful search they found the revolver hid
den under a cupboard. It was taken
to the hospital and shown the woman,
who admitted that she had purchased
it Saturday night and had attempted
to- commit suicide. She further stated
that she had been despondent for a
number of years and was tired of life.
She wrote the following note of apology
to her employers:
Air. and Mrs. Bishop — Will you pleas* for
give me and lorset me and all the trouble I
liave made you. 1 thought to end It all, for
life is too hard for me to live. 1 may die yet.
1 rfsret now too late the way things went.
Please put my things in the basement until I.
or my sister, send for them. You have all
been !"o eood to me I am deeply sorry for what
I l:&\e djne. JULIA LOWE.
Effie May Driscoll, wife of Dr. E. P.
Driscoll .of 1641 Polk street, took a fatal
draught of : carbolic acid 'at about 8
o'clock yesterday morning. The only
witnesses in the case are Dr. Driscoll
and a Miss Hughes, whose parents eon
duct the house in which the Driscolls
have apartments.
SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID.
According to the statement of Dr.
Driscoll, his wife had been ailing for
some years and had frequently threat
ened to commit suicide. A few months
ago she procured a bottle of carbolic
acid from his office and secreted it in
their apartments. It was discovered by
her son. who brought it to Dr. Drisfoll.
From time to time during fits of de
spondency she had reiterated her de
sire to be out of the world. The recent
deaths of several of her friends, who
were suffering from troubles similar to
her own, had added greatly to her de
spondency.
Early yesterday morning Mrs. Dris
eoll entered the doctor's office, at 16J5
Polk street, and secured a bottle con
taining about two ounces of carbolic
acid. Returning to her apartments she
drank a portion of it and fell scream
ing to the floor. Miss Hughes respond
ed and at once summoned Dr. Driscoll.
He worked for an hour and a half, but
was unable to save the life of his wife.
He attributes her speedy demise after
swallowing a comparatively small
quantity of the poison to the fact that
it was taken on an empty stomach.
Mrs. Driscoll leaves a son 14 years of
age, the result of her former marriage
to a man named Hitchcock. She had
been married to Dr. Driscoll about six
years, and. he says their family rela
tions were always amicable. She was
33 years of age and a native of Missouri,
but came to this State with her parents
when a child and was reared in the
vicinity of Hanford.
Cites Dentist for Contempt.
Peter Metcalfe, a dentist with offices
at the corner of Sixth and Market
streets, has been ordered to appear in
the Superior Court Friday to show
cause why he should not be punished
for- contempt of court for failing to
comply with a court order directing
him to pay to Clara Metcalfe, his former
wife. $15 a '..month alimony. She claims
he is several months in arrears.
Hclhlns" Guilty, of Contempt.
Ernest Helbing, who with Henry E.
Fleming recently conducted a tinning
shop, was adjudged guilty of contempt
by Judge Kerrigan yesterday and or
dered confined in the County JaiK He
failed to turn over to his former part
ner a number of tools belonging to the
latter and left behind by him When the
partnership -was dissolved, and for
which Fleming obtained judgment.
Government Withdraws Vast Tract.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The Gen
eral Land Office to-day ordered the
temporary withdrawal of 130,000 acres
of land in the San Francisco land dis
trict pending an investigation of the
feasibility of the establishment of the
proposed Monterey forest reserve.
DECIDE ARREST
WAS JUSTIFIED
Police Commissioners Pass on
Case That Threatens. Compli
cations With Chinese Nation
KEP0RT BEADY FOR MAYOR
Say Tom Kim Yung, Consulate
Attache Who Killed Himself,
Was'Not Unjustly Treated
The Police Commissioners of this city
and county have rendered a decision
exonerating Policemen John Kramer
and Joseph Brodt from all responsibil
ity in connection with the death of
Tom Kim Yung, an attache of the Chi
nese consulate, who committed suicide
about four months ago. A copy of their
decision will be forwarded to Mayor
Schmitz to-day and it will eventually
be presented to the Chinese Govern
ment by the authorities in Washing
ton in response to its request for an
investigation. 1
The case is one of importance, inas
much as it bids fair to create interna
tional complications. Though a deter
mination has been arrived at by the
Police, Board, it may by no means be
conclusive, and much conjecture is in
dulged in regarding its disposition by
the Chinese Government when it is re
ceived bv them.
Tom Kim Yung was arrested by Po
licemen Kramer and Brodt for a se
rious offense. He offered resistance,
but was taken to prison, charged and
brought into the Police Court. Before
the case was concluded his lifeless body
was found in the consulate one morn
ing, he having committed suicide by
the use of opium and gas. A note left
by him stated that he could not bear
disgrace and proclaimed his innocence.
Soon afterward the Chinese Minister
a,t Washington requested the Secre
tary of State to institute an inquiry
and to place the blame where it be
longed. - The Secretary of State in turn
forwarded the request to Governor Par
dee and the Governor turned it over
to Mayor Schmitz. The Mayor, after
due deliberation, ordered an investiga
tion by the Police Commissioners and
the. board heard the case on three dif
ferent afternoons.' At each session por
tions of the testimony were taken and
the incidents leading up to the arrest
thoroughly sifted. The commission re
served its decision until last night,*
when a written deciston exonerating
the policemen was ordered sent to the
Mayor.
During the meeting of the board last
night James S. Hester, formerly of
Texas, applied for a liquor license at
the corner of Pine and Laguna streets,
and his request was granted. As he
passed out it was discovered that he
carried a large revolver in. his pocket,
and instead of going back to his busi
ness he was taken to the City Prison
by Sergeant John Green and booked on
a charge of carrying concealed weap
ons. The case of Alex J. Truman,
•whom the board claims has been in
possession of a special policeman's star,
but who has not attended to his beat,
was put over for one week. The same
disposition was made of the case of
Policeman Peter S. Chappell. who. it
is alleged, owes Judah Boas $420, which
he refuses to pay. The license of Clar
ence L. Lucky, a chauffeur, was re-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some facts about our p|)l|l ;
tailoring department. piS
Have you shared in ■■IISL
IlllSSrjVlIly' is^.'-i-M^BS
Remember this sav- iBSi
ing has been made in ppS
but one department.
740 Market Street and .
Corner Powell and Eddy Streets Spi^ v*-&^
ELECT AMADOR
NEW PRESIDENT
Panama Holds Her First Elec
tion and Chooses Highest
Officers for the Government
AR0SEMEXA IS HONORED
Populace Is Jubilant and Some
Great Plans Are Being Made
for the Inaugural Ceremony
PANAMA, Feb. 16. — Dr. Manuel
Amador was unanimously elected first
President of the republic of Panama
to-day. Dr. Pablo Arosmena, Do
mingo Obaldia and Dr. Carl03 Men
doza were elected to fill respectively
the positions of first, second and third
Vice President. Great preparations
for the inauguration of the President
are being made, which will take place
on February 20.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16. — Viscount
de Alte has notified Minister Bunau-
Varilla of the recognition by Portugal
of the republic of Panama. All the
European Governments having diplo
matic representatives at Washington,
with the exception of Turkey and
Spain,' now have extended recognition
to the Panama Government.
* *
RUINS TOPPLE
IN THE STORM
BALTIMORE. Feb. 16. — To-day
was. one of the severest of the winter.
The temperature was as low as seven
degrees above zero, and all day long a
gale blew through the ruins in the
fire district at a forty-"mile gait, mak
ing conditions dangerous for all with
in the lines. A number of tottering
walls were blown down and bricks, tin
roofs and debris were sent flying in
all directions. The workmen and
militiamen on guard suffered keenly
from the piercing blasts.
The extremely cold weather has
also had the effect of freezing up the
whole devastated area, and most of
the streets, which were only recently
cleaned of debris, are now covered to
a depth of two or three inches with
ice.
Ferry Newsstand Injunction.
The suit of Charles Foster and Hor
ace Onear for an Injunction restraining
the Harbor Commissioners from leasing
to James Rooney, a brother-in-law of
Harbor Commissioner Spear, the news
stand privileges in the ferry building
will be heard by Judge Seawell Friday.
The Commissioners have been cited to
appear at that time and show cause
why the prayer of the plaintiffs should
not be granted.
voked on the testimony of Policemen
Seguine and Flood, who claim he was
running his machine at too high a rate
of speed on Market street.
WABNER'S BE1CEDIZS.
bedridden 10 Months
With Kidney Disease.
Mr. C. R. Righter of Wilmington. DeL,
70. Years of Age, Given Up to Die
of Kidney Trouble, Says He
Was Completely Cured by >J
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
"I am now 70 years old and \p perfect
physical condition, all of which I owe to
your grand medicine, and I want to tell
you about my case.
"I was taken ill in March. 1834. and
the doctor told me I had a serious case
of kidney disease. He treated me seven
months, but I kept getting worse until I
took to my bed. 1 was bedridden for
about ten months, and was reduced to a
mere skeleton. I was advised to prepare
for death at any minute.
"Friends told me Safe Cure had curecf
them and urged me to try it, so I stopped
the doctor's medicines and took nothing
but Safe Cure. I began to improve with-
in a few days, and nine bottles restored
me to perfect health and strength, and I
have not had a touch of kidney trouble
since." CHAS. B. RIGHTER.
We have thousands of just such let-
ters from men anrt women who have
been cured of kidney disease by Safe
Cure.
Thouands of leading doctors and hos-
pitals have been using Safe Cure for
years as the only positive cure for all
diseases of kidneys, bladder, liver and
blood — the one remedy that cures and
leaves no bad after effects.
Sold by druggists, or direct. 50 cents
and $1 a bottle. Be sure you get WAR-
NER'S SAFE CURE — there are danger-
ous imitations. Medical booklet with,
testimonials and doctors' advice free for
writing. Warner's Safe Cure Co., Roch-
ester, N. Y.
SAFE PILLS move the bowels gently
and aid a speedy cure.
Take4nutmeg;.*one;is not as
good as another. Schilling's
Best, in nutmeg, is»ground fine
from difficult nuts to grind be-
cause full of oil ; the oil is their
virtue. There are dry nuts;
there are wormy nuts. We are
no more careful in nutmegs
than all through.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
There is one bright redeeming feat-
ure in the gloom that surrounds a
funeral: nothing is prominent on such
an occasion that is crocheted.
34
RIVAL ARMIES FACE TO FACE ON YALU RIVER
France to Send
Troops to the
Far East.
Russia Awaiting
Excuse to Pass
Dardanelles.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON. Feb. 17.— France, says
the Paris correspondent of the Times,
has decided to charter the steamship
Cbolon to transport to the Far East
St'O men, with officers, of the Forty
sixth Colonial Regiment.
The Government asked the Com
pagnie Nationale the exact number of
vessels that could be plated at its dis
posal for the conveyance, in case or
urgency, of new troops to the Asiatic
colonies.
• The Brussels correspondent of the
Times says the Dutch Government has
dh-ji.-tiched three cruisers to guard the
poit of Subang. Sumatra, which lies
on the direct route for the Far East.
Although international law admits
the theory that warship* may obtain
sufficient coal from R neutral port to
reach the nearest home port. Holland
evidently is resolved to avoid compli
cations by a literal enforcement of her
declaration of neutrality.
BERLIN. Feb. 16.— Although it is
denied In Constantinople that Russia
luis :tsked for permission to pass her
ships through the Dardanelles, it is
known here that, a? soon as England
takes any steps to change the present
position in Egypt and the Mediterran
ean Sea in violation of the Berlin con
gress. Russia will pass her vessels
through the Dardanelles.
The newspapers of the world are ac
tive in discussing Germany's policy in
the present struggle, without hitting
the truth. Chancellor von Bulow is
following; the lesson learned by his
master. Bismarck.
The late Chancellor's idea is made
clear by a timely article just published
by Dr. Chrysander, formerly physician
to the Chancellor. To him Bismarck
onoe paid:
"The greatest foolishness of my dip
lomatic- life was the Berlin congress.
I should have allowed Russia and
England to eat themselves up like two
lions in a forest. Then we would now
have more influence than the rest and
less danger. I made politics that time
like a city Alderman."
1 learn the unpublished fact that
Bismarck also declared he regretted
that at the Berlin congress he had
not allowed Russia to go to Constanti
nople.
TRILL OF LARK
IN HER THROAT
By Blanche I'artinston.
It does not surprise to learn that
Mme. Lillian Blauvelt, the charming
soprano, who made her local debut
last night at Lyric Hall, was a violinist
before she became a singer. She swings
that way — in the fashion of a roundly
cultivated musician. Possibly most
Jike the regretted Mrs. Henschel in
her methods is Mine. Blauvelt — a Mrs.
Henschel with a voice be it said.
There is the same exquisite accuracy
of reading, the same unerring taste,
the same polished detail. Like Mrs.
Henschel's, too, Mme. Blauvelt's is a
completely conscious art. Nothing
quite sings itself with her, and one's
hat staye quite decorously on one's
head — if it belongs there — while one
listens. Yet this accomplished Amer
ican, who comes to us with the adula
tory scent of Covent Garden t>ouquets
Btill about her, is one of the most thor
ougrhjy charming: singers we have had
here. No one interested in songs or
Einging — and a very lovely young
woman — should -miss hearing her, and
there will be two more concerts for
opportunities.
The Blauvelt voice is delightful.
There is a comfortable plenty of it. to
begin with, and its volume in the upper
range is peculiarly full and its quality
almost throughout fine and pure. The
lowest notes thin out noticeably, but
as these are discreetly seldom used. It
matters little. But the whole vocal re
source is used in a faclleand musieian
ly manner that constantly delights.
Mme. Blauvelt's trill wan • probably
born, not made — it is a liquid and
larklike wonder, almost absolute In
its evenness. But there is the same
fluent and delicate precision In her
eealemakingr. in her arpeggl, at every
need of flexibility. The singer's enun
ciation, too, is admirably clear and
her phrasing most intelligent. There
•was observable last night a tendency
to flat — perhaps a passing trespass.
With the exception of some indif
ferent examples in her English group.
Mme. Blauvelt's programme was a
chjoice and pleasing 1 one. It is not
easy to understand, however, why the
banal Randegger "My Heart" and the
equally unnecessary "'Stolen Wings" of
Wlllcby should have been chosen.
Surely with MacDowell, Oscar Weil,
Footc, Chadwick, right at home, the
einger need not have gone so far to
fare so ill. Possibly the singer was at
her best in the "Fruhlingslied' of
Mendelssohn, sung with enchanting
gayety. The pretty "Will Xleman
Singen" of Hildach also found her in
charmingly responsive mood. One re
membered the singer's Covent Garden
laurels with her "Una voce poco fa,"
rendered with delightful technical
adequacy and no little dramatic ac
cent. The rarely heard "Les Vepres
Siciliennes" of Verdi gave us the
Blauvelt trill and several other sorts
of satisfaction, and the "Comin* Thro'
the Rye" encore that evidenced it the
engaging naivete that Is the peculiar
Blauvelt charm. The singer was
greeted throughout in friendly and ap
preciative fashion by a fair audience.
To-morrow evening's programme is
as follows, and the third and last,
equally interesting, will be given on
Saturday afternoon:
U.) -Mh pres* alia" ..., Paradiw
(i,) "Haul" Mozart
i -i "K* Dana" Durante
i..' "Mondnacht •..Schumann
■ : ■ "llipn Uebe. irt Gruen" Brahms
«<•» "O Komm im Traum"....,..... tiszt
tut Gutp.u Morgen , Grl*g
••La l'auvctte Gretry
fn> "L/afosencv*' Blzct
<li» "Pourquol rrstrr senlette".... Saint Saens
<»•) "lx% Flllwi de Cadiz" Dellbea
Oi> "Rows After Rain" Uza. Ixhmann
<Ji) ■' 'Twas April" '. N>\1n
<«~) "Ir1*h Folk Sonu" Foote
<rf> "TV-y Say" Randegrger
"Valse Romeo et Juliette" Gounod
COMMANDERS OF JAPANESE MILITARY FORCES IX KOREA, AND MAP OF LIAOTUNG PENINSULA, MANCHURIA, WHERE JAPANESE TROOPS ARE LANDING.
SINKING OF THE BOYARIN
HEAVY LOSS TO RUSSIA
One Hundred and Ninety-Seven Officers and Men
Perish on Cruiser Blown Up at Port Arthur.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 16.— The re
port that the Russian cruiser Boyarin
Mas blown up last Saturday at Port
Arthur and that all of her officers and
crew, 197 in number, were lost, is con
firmed from a private source.
The Boyarin "was 348 feet long, of
41 feet beam and 16 feet draught. She
was of 2200 tons displacement and her
trial speed was 25 knots. Her arma
ment consisted of six 4.7-inch guns,
eight 1.8-Inch guns, two 1.4-inch guns
and three machine guns. She also wa.s
fitted with six torpedo tubes. The
Boyarin took part in the engagement
of February 9 at Port Arthur.
Information has been obtained at the
Foreign Office that Secretary Hay's
proposition to limit the area of war
operations is considered "practicable"
and that a response will soon be forth
coming. Viceroy Alexieff is being con
sulted and the authorities are doubtless
awaiting an indication as to how the
proposition will be received by Japan.!
The sympathetic reception given by
the powers to Hay's note and the rep
resentations the powers have made here
have undoubtedly had a good effect
upon official opinion and'the Russian
Government shows a more friendly
spirit toward the direct representations
made by the United States.
The American Government is now
pressing for an answer, to the request
that United States army officers be al
lcwed to accompany the Russian field
operations, | but it is explained that
Viceroy -Alexleff, to whom the request
was referred, has not yet replied.
WAR MARS CARNIVAL WEEK.
Carnival week, usually the gayest of
the year in Russia, opened yesterday,
but under the shadow of war the mer
ry-making was only a ghost of that of
former years. In St. Petersburg all of
the festivities, including balls, public
and private functions and fashionable
weddings, planned months in advance,
have been abandoned. Business, how
ever, is as usual suspended and thou
sands of little Finnish sleighs, with
tinkling bells, which for this one week
are allowed to compete with the regular
drosky drivers, whisk people through
the snow-covered streets at cut prices,
although their occupants evidently are
not possessed - by the true carnival
spirit.
The rush of crowds to buy extra
edftions of the newspapers, the intense
activity at the War and Marine Min- 1
istries and the -crowds about the ad
miralty, anxiously inquiring regarding
the fate of relatives, are grim remind
ers of where the thoughts of the peo
ple are. Instead of the customary fes
tivities the theaters gave double per
formances for the benefit of the Red
Cross, and last night the artists' ball,
one of the biggest events of the social
season, which it was intended to aban
don, was held in a hall decorated to
represent the feast day of Benares.
The artists were attired in the garb of
Hindoos, with the object of swelling
1 the Red Cross Society's funds.
ISSUE OF CREDIT NOTES.' ■
An issue of 50.000,000 roubles credit
notes, secured by gold, was made on
February 13. The- comparatively small
Influx of circulating credit notes Into
the treasuries and the Imperial Bank
and the Increased withdrawals for the
Far East are assigned as the reasons
for this operation. The total of the
credit notes in circulation oh February
14 was 680,000,000 roubles.
Admiral Wirenius has been instructed
to hold the Russian squadron, . consist
ing of the battleship Oslabya, the cruis
ers Aurora and Dmitri Donskol and a
number of torpedo-boat destroyers at
Jibuti)* French Somaliland, until fur
ther orders.
A semi-official telegram, dated from
the headquarters ol the Viceroy at
SAN. FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17/ 1904
Port Arthur, says the German cruiser
Hansa, which had been sent to remove
German subjects from Port Arthur and
which had on board also a number of
Russian women and children, was fired
upon by Japanese warships. The tele
gram reiterates the statement that
three Japanese torpedo-boats have been
sunk in a night attack on Port Arthur.
BORRISOF. Russia, Feb.,16.— The de
parture of General Rennekampff for
the front to-day was the occasion of
a great demonstration of patriotism.
He was carried to the railroad station
on the shoulders of his fellow members
of the Officers' Club.
WILL CARE FOR THE WOUNDED.
KIEFF, Russia. Feb. 16.— Five sur
geons and fifty female and thirty male
nurses here have volunteered for ser
vice in the Far East: %
PARIS, Feb. 16.— A dispatch to the
Figaro from St. Petersburg to-day
says:
"It has been decided to hold the Rus
sian squadron from the Mediterranean,
now in the Red Sea and bound, for the
Far East, at Jlbutil. French Somali
land, until further orders. Admiral
Rojdostwenski, chief of the marine
staff, is going to assume the naval
command at Port Arthur. The stop
ping of the Russian squadron at Jibutil
may lead to international complica
tions, Jibutil being a neutral French
port. It is understood that France is
not likely to ask the squadron to leave."
ATTACK ON GERMAN SHIP.
PORT ARTHUR, Monday, Feb. 15.—
The firing on the German cruiser Hah
sa by Japanese warships occurred
while she was proceeding to Port. Ar
thur to take away, the German resi
dents and not when the latter were
on board of her. The Hansa was not
damaged. On her arrival at Port Ar
thur she took on board a number of
wives of Russian sailors and left the
port without/ further incident.
The work of repairing the damaged
Russian battleshlpsjs. progressing rap 1
idly. The Chinese workmen were
panic-stricken by the bombardment,
but they are now working well, regard
less of the "approach of . the Chinese
New Year.
Investigation shows that the city and
fortress were not damaged in the
slightest byMhe. Japanese attack. The
people naturally" are anxious and busi
ness Is at a • complete* standstill, but
the utmost tranquillity prevails.
After the religi6us services on Sun
day there was a military review before
the Viceroy. Admiral Alexieff, who de
nounced the action of the Japanese In
attacking before declaring war" as bar
barous, and expressed confidence that
the Russian soldiers would fully avenge
themselves.
Reports from the interior indicate
that the Cossacks are mobilizing with
great enthusiasm. In the Amur dis
trict they are riding in squads from
village to village, waving Russian flags
and demanding an early chance to meet
the enemy.
Russians Lose Cargo of Wagons.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Feb. 16.—
The Stoughton Wagon Company,
which recently shipped 500 army
wagons in several lots to Russian ports
on the Pacific, has been notified from
St. Petersburg that the last shipment
fell into the hands of Japanese. 1 The
dispatch does not state the size of the
shipment.
Russian' Consulate Burned.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 16.— The Russian
Consulate here was destroyed by fire
on Sunday night. The cause has not
yet been ascertained. The Russian
gunboat Manjur, which was trapped
by the Japanese warships at- the
mouth of the Yangtse River, is now
being dismantled.
Russia's Port Arthur
ward Korea.
Continued 1-Yom Page 1, Column 7.
with difficulty by United States Consul
Miller, together with three women
refugees, whom the civil administrator
had assured Miller would be protected.
POWERS MAY HAVE TO ACT.
The administration admits the grav
ity of the situation, but declares that
Viceroy Alexieff alone can remedy it.
It is believed here, however, that the
maintenance of order at this treaty
port and the prevention of these vio
lations of international rights can be
insured only by an instant international
plan, supported by an armed force.
Mines have been constructed and pre
parations made for depositing them at
the mouth of the river here, where the
forts have been occupied by a field
battery of artillery and guns from the
Russian gunboat Sivotch.
D. J. MILLETT CAUGHT
AFTER LONG SEARCH
Man Who Robbed Telephone Com
pany in Columbus, Ohio, in 1902,
Confesses Guilt.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 16.— Since Au
gust, 1902, at the request of the police
department of Columbus, Ohio, peace
officers all over the country have been
looking for D. J. Millett and Katie
Alexander, both, of whom are wanted
on felony charges of embezzlement.
S Millett was captured In a cheap
lodging-house on East Fifth street to
night by Sheriff ,White and admitted
that he was the man wanted and stated
that the woman, whose downfall he had
caused and who fled from .Columbus
with him was In San Francisco. Later
a telegram was received here by the
Sheriff stating that, Katie Alexander
had been arrested there.
For more than eighteen months this
couple had been wandering from city
to city subsisting upon what they had
stolen. Both were employed in Colum
bus by the Citizens' Telephone Com
pany, Millett as assistant cashier and
the Alexander woman as an operator
in the cashier's office. ,
In August, 1902, they suddenly disap
peared, and the information of the of
ficers here Is that he stole $2000, while
the woman took $7300 of the cash be
longjng to the company. All efforts on
the part of the Ohio officers to find
them failed, and the American Bonding
and Trust Company of Baltimore of
fered a reward of $300 for the capture
of the man.
It* was through the efforts of the
Chief of Police at San Jose that the
captures were made. That official
learned. that the couple had been in
that city and that they had separated
there, the man coming south and the
Alexander woman going to San Fran
cisco. Some message passed between
them which was intercepted and
which gave the officers a clew as to
their whereabouts.
Millett arrived here two days ago and
has been spending most of his time in'
his room. He confessed his guilt to
night when arrested, and expressed the
hope tflat the woman would also be ar
rested and gave the officers her San
Francisco address. Later the news of
her arrest was received here. Millett is
willing to return to Ohio without a
requisition.
Insolvent Saloon Man.
James K. P. Lewis, a saloon keeper
at" Sawyer's Bar, j Siskiyou County,
filed a petition "in insolvency yester
day In the United States District
Court. He owes $1340 and has $853
assets.
UNITED STATES MARINES
TO SAIL ON THE BUFORD
War .Department Orders Transport in San Francisco
Harbor to Be Prepared for Immediate Service.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16. — The War
Department has instructed Major De
vol, quartermaster of the transport
service at San Francisco, to arrange
to receive on board the transport Bu
ford 600 marines, with accompanying
officers, twenty-two in number. For
what objective point they are intended
has not been given out here. At any
rate they will be landed at San Fran
cisco by the time the Buford is ready
to sail, which will before the end of
the month. Authorities here positive
ly decline to state whether the marines
are intended for the Orient, the
Philippines, or Panama. The orders
are imperative, however, and the Bu
ford is to sail as soon as the marines
can be put aboard.
The transport Buford. which has
been in San Francisco harbor for the
past year or more, was recently com
pletely overhauled and put into sea
going condition. She is now ready to
go to Portland to load lumber and
may sail for that port at any moment.
Major Devol says that the lumber is
intended for Manila, but whether the
marines would board the transport at
Portland or the Buford would come
back to San Francisco to receive them
he was unable to say. The Buford's
capacity will be taxed to the utmost,
both in the cabins and the hold.
The transport Dix, which is loading
5500 tons of oats at Portland, prop
ably will be back here before long, as,
she is to be fitted up to receive 230
mules, which have already been pur
chased and will be received here ready
for shipment on Saturday.
CHINESE COMMANDED
WILL DEFEND BORDER
AGAINST -INVADERS
TIENTSIN, Feb. 16.— Yuan Shih Kai,
commander in chief of the Chinese im
perial army and navy, has officially in
formed the French general, who is dean
of the European commandants, that he
purposes moving on February 18 the
imperial troops now at Paotingfu to
Kinchou, near the head of the Liaotung
Gulf, to guard the frontier. Fighting,
Y.uon Shih Kai added, would not be al
lowed in China proper, and defeated
belligerents crossing the frontier would
be disarmed.
It is believed that the Peking troops
also . are moving overland toward the
border.
RUSSIAN SOLDIERS.'
! f THREATEN UNITED
STATES GUNBOAT
YINGKOW, Feb. 15.— Threatening
demonstrations have been made against
the British gunboat Esplegle and the
United States gunboat Helena by Rus
sian soldiers, whose assaults upon and
depredations against other foreigners
continue. The civil administrator is
making every effort to arrest the of
fenders, and has assured Captains Bar
ton and Sawyer and Consul Miller that
full: reparation will be made. " >
The Eleventh Siberian Regiment'pa
raded at Newchwang to-day In full
strength.. . -
The Russian authorities deny the-re
port of the loss of Russian vessels near
Weihalwei.
.It is said here that Japan will wait
indefinitely 5 to land troops in Manchu
ria, as she considers that the - control
of the seas obtained hf Japan nullifies
to a great extent Russian interests in
the East.
Explosion in a Buttery.
TIENTSIN. Feb. 16.— It Is reported
here that a big explosion has occurred
in the Golden Hill battery at Port Ar
thur. No details are given. All of
the forts there use black powder.
•
The local officials of the Postal Tel
egraph-Cable Company are advised
that the cable between Hongkong ami
Foochow has been repaired, restoring
normal communication between Hong
kong, Shanghai and Japan. The Jap
anese Government advises that all tel
egrams, to and from Nagasaki or in
transit through Nagasaki are subject
to military censorship since the 15th
inst.
Charges Snow With Conversion.
In an answer and cross-complaint
filed yesterday by the Realty Invest
ment Company to the suit brought
.against it by H. W. Snow for money
for services alleged by Snow to have
been rendered the concern by him. a
general denial of Snow's charges is
made. In the cross-complaint Snow is
charged with converting to his own use
$1142 advanced him by the company.
Meets- Stranger and Is Robbed.
Pete Dupont, a recent arrival In
town, met a stranger in the street last
night and together they sought the
flowing bowl early and often. Shortly
after midnight they went to the Park
lodging-house, 624 Kearny street, and
in the hallway the stranger hit Du
pont on the jaw. knocked him down,
robbed him of $270 and fled. Dupont
can give no description of the robber.
Russian Passports.
A journalist, Prince Metchersky.
sent by the Czar to investigate certain
agrarian troubles, has demonstrated
the absurdity of the passport regula
tions of Russia.
Prince Metchersky crossed to Rou
mania and purposely obtained one of
the permits of the sort required for
taking livestock over the border. He
then went to a Russian frontier post
and presented the document to the
official- in charge as his warrant to
pass. Like many others in similar
positions, the man could read no Rou
manian and little Russian, but he was
duly impressed by the* big. official
looking 'paper! with *its coat of arms
and seal, arid he, readily stuck the
Russian vise on it.
At the end of his investigations
Prince Metchersky returned to Mos- V
cow. When, the opportunity came he
presented the document to the Gov
ernor. "My passport," said he. "I
entered Russia and traveled there five
months on the authority of the doc
ument, Which describes me for, pur
poses of identification in terms which
I think, you will admit are neither
flattering nor true." . . _ .. . • -
The Governor took the document
and Ba-yv 1 to his amazement that Prince
Metchersky figured there as a "black
sow, full; grown, with one ear partly
torn, away."— New York Commercial.
The "housesmiths" are those iron
workers who put together the steel
skeleton frames which are used in the
construction of all large buildings.
Sixty Thousand
Japanese on
Frontier.
Bar Russian Ad
vance Into
Korea.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— According to spe
cial dispatches published here this
morning from Tokio, the Russian
squadron has returned to Vladivostok.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mail says in a dispatch that two Rus
sian warships appeared off Okl Island,
in the Southern part of the Japan Sea.
on Sunday.
The correspondent at Chemulpo of
the Dailv Express makes the astonish
ing statement that Japan has already
landed 120,000 troops in Korea, 60,000 of
which are extended along the fighting
front south of the Yalu River.
The London press attaches the great
est significance to the departure of
Viceroy Alexieff from Port Arthur, and
comments upon the sudden throwing of
Russian troops into Nevvchwang as in
dicating Russian apprehensions that
Port Arthur is in danger and that the
Japanese attack may not. after all. be
made where it is expected, on the Yalu.
All reports tend to confirm the impres
sion that Russia has little or nothing to
expect from sea operations.
SUPPLY OF TORPEDOES LOST.
According to a dispatch to the Paris
edition of the New York Herald. 400
torpedoes, being two-thirds of Russia's
entire available supply of these arti
cles, were, destroyed on board the Rus
sian cruiser Variag.
The Tckio correspondent of the Dally
Chronicle cabl«»«> that it is said officially
that several thousand Russian troops
have reached Antung and that it is ru
morea that 20,000 Russians have arrived
at PIngyang, on the Tatons River, in
Central Korea. The Chronicle, how
ever, regards this rumor as improb
able, unless the invasion of Korea pre
ceded the outbreak of hostilities.
The Seoul correspondent of the
Daily Mail, in the course of a descrip
tive narrative of the Chemulpo battle,
says that before the fight the captain
of the Russian cruiser Variag had a
conference with the British, French,
and Italian captains aboard the Brit
ish cruiser Talbot. in which he asked
for the protection of a foreisn war
ship on leaving the harbor. The re-*
quest was refused. The British launch,
delivered ?i protest to the Japanese
admiral immediately before th» ajcp
tion.
AMERICANS HOLD ALOOF.
The Americana present refrained
from attending the naval conference
or partaking in the demonstration, al
though some of the Russian wounded
were received on board the United
States gunboat Vicksburg.
While the Variag was being sunk
her captain, fearins the Japanese
would rearh the vessel before she set
tled down, requested the captain of
the Talbot to fire at her waterline.
This request also was refused.
It is said Great Britain is about to
appoint Consuls at Mukden and An
tung.
In a dispatch, dated Port Arthur.
February 13. a correspondent of the
Times gives a description of seven
Russian warships, which, he says, are
lying disabled there. They include
the battleships Sevastopol and Petro
polavsk. which have not been named
in previous reports of the action. The
correspondent says that altogether
eleven Russian ships were put out of
action at Port Arthur. Continuing, he
declares that the Japanese were
driven from the neighborhood of
Kinchow, near Newchwang, after a
skirmish, in which 150 Japanese were,
taken prisoners and 170 Russians killed.
In an editorial article the Times re
marks that, as this correspondent
does not mention the injuries sustain
ed by the battleships, and as the Kin
chow story has not been reported from
any other source, it would be well to
accept his report with some reserve.
Errors Cause Case's Dismissal.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 16. — The case of
the People against Kimbell, the Su
pervisor of this county, who was
charged by the Grand Jury with mis
conduct in office and recommended
for dismissal, was thrown out of
court this morning by Judge Bledsoe,
who sustained the demurrer of th#
defense to insufficiency of the indict
ment. This is the fourth of the Riv
erside alleged boodle cases to be
brought into court and dismissed on
account of errors. in the prosecution.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OPERATIONS A FAD.
Public Gradually Awakens to the Fact.
The latest fad in operations has been
the appendicitis fad; before that the
fad for rectal operations (piles, etc.)
held sway. Hundreds of patients were
frightened and hurried into hospitals,
operated upon and robbed of their last
dollar, when the trouble was a simple
case of hemorrhoids or piles only, easily
cured at home with a simple remedy
costing but 50 cents a box.
"I procured one 50-cent box of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure of my druggist, with the'
intention of buying a larger box later.:
but was happily surprised when I found ;
that I was cured, and still have six]
•pyramids' left out of the first and only I
box. I •have not had the least sign of
piles since I used this one box, which
has been about two months; previous
to using Pyramid Pile Cure I had the
worst kind of bleeding and protruding
piles for over thirty-one years, and no
one knows, except those who have had
the piles, the pain and misery I suf-
fered, u*
"1 am a poor man. but have often said
I would give a fortune, if I had it, tq
be cured of the piles, and now I have
been cured for 50 cents. I should bo
very ungrateful if I did not thank you
and give you every privilege to use my
name and this letter,' when I know
there are so many who suffer as I did
J. A. Weismiller, 1100 Bladensburg
road, Washington. D. C."
The Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which they
will be glad to mail free to any ap-
plicant, and we advise all sufferers
from this painful disease to write to
, them for it.ADVEBTISETvrETPrs^
NO 3IAX OR WOMAN-
CAN' HAVE DYSPEPSIA
And SOU Be Acrecable, AttracUvo and
lopuiar —^A Certain Cure In
Reach of AIL
, h J^ cre is nothing that will put you to
s£^iT Ont so ra P idl >- in the business or
nnri world » cheerful disposition
Th;, a . Peasant appearance. Other
*;7?£ s , be ing equal, people will go out
Zv, , way to * ive lhe fellow a lift
vino always wears a cheerful counten-
ance. 1 he man or woman with a.
Lianity disposition and a sour face will
n t J "f, Ineet wi th an indifferent if not
a chilly reception. The commercial
u^\eier, who is the recognized busi-
ness barometer, appreciates better
unit any one the value of this rule
»nd governs his actions accordingly.
"yepepsia destroys all the agreeable
Quaiiues that enter into a man's or
woman's make-up. It is almost a hu-
man impossibility for any one with a
Ke\ere case of dyspepsia to look pleas-
ant. The continuous, miserable, cast-
«own feeling is bound to make itself
snown in the appearance and conver-
sation.
iituarfs Dyspepsia Tablets are the
sufferer's certain cure. They are so
recognized all over the world. The
cures they have brought about and
the happiness they have caused and
the suffering they have relieved has
ma.de their name a household word in
all the English-speaking world.
The reason that Stuarts Dyspepsia
Tablets are a certain cure is that they
are a natural cure. There is nothing
to prevent them curing. They con-
tain the essential ingredients of the di-
gestive fluids of the stomach and
simply do the identical work of the
stomach, relieving that weakened
organ and permitting it to rest and
recuperate. Could anything be more
eimple or natural ? They are bound
•to cure. They cannot help themselves.
It is just like putting a new stomach
into a man — if that were possible —
and letting the old one go off on a
vacation. Rest is what it needs. Xa-
ture will do her own work of restora-
tion, never fear.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
£1 dru £ff is ts means all druggists.
They have become so necessary to the
People that the druggist simply has to
keep them anyway. There are other
remedies that he can make much more
xnoney on if he could sell them, but
he can't. He will not tr.ke chances on
losing his customers by not always
having on hand a BOppljr of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
/All Wool V
I $1.00 a Week\
f Our All-wool Suits, Over- 1
coats and Trousers are 1
just as reasonable on our I
dollar-a-week terms as H
. ! though you paid us cash. §3
You can pay us cash if B
you want to. but you 3
I might as well pay a dollar js
I a week. We do most of If
3 our business that way. f3
«|k Tailoring Co. S
850 Market St. S
thSl Rooms 1-2-3-4. Ml
— ■
ASTHMANOLA
Xs the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTK!.'.-.,
Tour Druggist cr a.1 15»s HAIGHT ST..
Eafi FrancUco. CaL
OCEAN TEAVEL.
——————————— - j
eEtearoera leave Saa Fran- '
ci*~o a& follows:
Fcr Ketrhikan, TTranirel, ■
Juntau. IIalr.es, Fkajriay. ;
*tc. Alaska— 11 a. m., Feb. '.
15, 20 25, Mar. 1. Change to
company's Eteamers at Seat- 1
tie.
For Victoria, Vancouver. ;
Pert Tcwnsend. Seattle. Ta- .
rnma. Everett, "What com — 11 a. m.. Feb. 15. 20, :
»r>. Mar. I. Charge at Seattle to this com- :
rany'e steamers for Alaska and G. K. Ry.; at
i-eaule or Tacoma to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver '•
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:50 I
p. m.. Feb. 16. 22, 2S. Mar. 5. Corona. 1:30 ,
p. m.. Feb. 13. 19, 25. Mar. 2.
Fcr Los AEgtMes (via Port Los Acgele» and i
Kedor.do). S*n Dlreo and Santa Barbara — San- ,
ta FIo?a. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Ftate of Ckllfornia, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Loe Angeles fvia San Pedro and Kast :
•Fen" Pe<lro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
tenjr. Ban Simeon. Cayucce, Port llarford (Ean
I-'jiF Ois.rpo), V'er.tura ar.d Hueneme.
Coo* Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. U, 21. Mar. 8.
.Ronita. 9 a. m., Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4.
For Enfccnada, Mzffdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro- •
*alla. Gua>isa» «Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th ecch
rrionth. For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to chanre steamers or sailing '
TICKET OrTICCS — 4 Now Montgona- ;
fry B t. ( Palace Hotel). 10 Market »t. and Broad- ■
Vay wharvee. Freight office. 10 Market St.
C. X). DI'XAXN, Oenetal I'as^eug.r Agent,
10 Market St., Ban Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Suner Bt.. will
ca*M for and eh«K-k baspage from hotels and
r'-sKJences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
rrrepon sails Feb. 17. 27, March 8, 18. 2S.
April 7. 17 •n<' 27- s - s - Oregon is temporarily '
In service Instead of the Columbia. George TV.
Elder sail* Feb 22. Mar. 3, 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12
f-d 22. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OB and rhort rail line from Portland to all
joints Eaft. Through tickets to all points, all
rail' or eteamehip and rail, at LOWEST
KATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
rr.eaU Ftcamer Mils foot of Spear st. at 11 a,
rii e' F BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept., I
Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Pept.. 3 Montgomery et.
eceaBies.s.co. g^j«sss-
F 6 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Feb. 20, 11 a.m,
c «: SJEKP.A. for Honolulu. Kamoa, Auck-
]«^d ard Fv<iney, Thurs.. March 3. 2 p. m.
F. 6. StARlPfeSA. tor Tahiti. Mch. 15. II a. m.
4JL. JrCECIEtS ft R3S.C0.. Hstx..TfcbtOae,E«3 brbUI
|r^:KSa.«2ibrh«L.fer!s.7.f«drelL
CGKPAGm GENERAL? TRlKSiTLiirnjJl.
UiUECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^im»
mailing every Thursday instead of -J^iafiTa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
J^orth KJver. foot of Morton st.
K:n-t class to Havre, f To and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. J45 and upward. GEN.
J RAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
?:<"» York, 3. F. Fl'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, Ean Francisco.
". - v <-•* *old by all Rallmad Ticket Agents.
Kara Island mfl , Vallcjo Bt— >m>r«.
"gteajm^TGEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
1:45 a. m . S:li and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Fur.day, 1*:45 a. m., 6:30 p. ra. L«av* Valleja
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 9 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
Say, 7 a. m.. 4:1& p. in. Fare. 60 cer.ts. TeL
U&in 1508. Pier 2, Ulsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. 1
DESPITE STRONG PROTEST
YOUNG BOY IS RELEASED
Judge Mogan Refuses to Send Lad to Jail as Long as
There Is a Chance of His Becoming Honest — Cabaniss
Has Diogenes Faded — Painful Moment in Fritz's Court
Judge Mogan yesterday positively re
fused to send to Jail 17-year-old Mario
Gorganilo, who pleaded, guilty to two
charges of petty larceny. On two occa
sions he stole brass to the amount of
$17 from the foundry of W. T. Garratt
& Co., at 138 Fremont street. The firm
was exceedingly anxious to have the
t>oy given a severe sentence and pro-r
tested strongly at his release.
Mrs. Raymond, the probationary of
ficer of the juvenile court, requested the
Judge to allow the lad to go on proba
tion. She said that she had thoroughly
Investigated Gorganilo's past record
and his family connections, and as a
result she was satisfied that if the boy
were given another chance he would
lead an honest life. She said that she
had ascertained that the prisoner was
steady and sober and for several years
past had been working and devoting all
his earnings toward the support of his
mother and four younger children.
On this representation the Judge put
the lad on 'probation for two weeks,
and if the reports of his conduct are
satisfactory at the end of that time the
charges will be dismissed. Judge Mo
gan gave the boy some good advice be
fore getting him at liberty.
"If you are a thief," he said, "you
will commit another crime and be back
here, when these present charges will
be considered against you. 1 am un
willing to make a criminal out of a boy
by sending him to jail as long as I
think there is a chance for him to lead
an honest life. I believe this is one of
those cases where the defendant will be
honest In the future. If he is reported
behaving properly at the end of his
probationary period I will dismiss the
charges in order that he may have no
court record against him to affect his
future life."
Judge Cabaniss has beaten out Dioge
nes under a heavy wrap in finding an
honest man. He didn't need a lantern,
either, because across from his resi
dence is a brilliant electric light.
Monday "William Hurley, one of the
toilers of the sea, was before him on a
charge of disturbing the peace. Hurley
was boisterously drunk on the water
front, and when a policeman tried to
quiet him he tried to quiet the police
man. The Judge found the sailor guilty
and fined him $10. Hurley said he had
some money coming to him, and if he
were allowed to be at liberty he would
surely appear in court the following
morning with the amount of his fine.
Judge Cabaniss was awakened from a
deep dream of peace Monday night by a
ring at his doorbell. When he an
swered it he found Hurley without,
holding a glittering $10 piece in his
hand. He had signed to sail early the
r.ext morning, he explained, and would
be unahlo to be in court as agreed, so
he had traveled in the pouring rain
nearly out to the Presidio in the dead
of night to pay his fine. On the strength
of this the Judge cut the fine in two
and gave the honest mariner $5 back.
There was a painful pause in the
grind of justice in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday. Mrs. Abbie Buttermore, who
runs a little grocery on Shipley street,
was on trial for selling liquor without
a license. Policemen Smith and Thomp
son purchased a small bottle of brown
liquid from her and had it in court as
evidence.
"Have you ascertained that this
liquid is whisky?" asked- the Judge.
"No, sir." answered one of the police
men. "I would suggest," said his Hon
or, "that Prosecutor Harris test it and
thus make out his case." Harris pro
tested with tears, because he said he
had promised his dead grandaunt
never to monkey with the demon rum.
Clerk Duffee refused because he said
he was spiritual director of the W. C.
T. U. branch out in his district. Bailiff
Dougherty asked to be excused because
he and Father Mathew had been
schoolmates in Ireland and he was a
charter member of the Temperance
League. Bailiff Jack Conlan took a
long drink of water, choked and said
that water was the strongest he ever
tasted.
The court was finally compelled to
make the policemen taste the contents
of the bottle. They pronounced it
whisky, but of a poor quality, and the
defendant was found guilty. In view
of the fact that she is supporting a
large family she will probably get oft
with a light fine and a heavy scare.
• • * •
Stella Lester is an actress on the Bar
bary Coast. When she laps up con
siderable quantities of booze Pacific
street is scarcely wide enough for her.
She was arrested by Policemen Skein
and Holmes, who told Judge Mogan
yesterday that three times within a
week she had been on a whizz. "At 5
o'clock yesterday morning," said one
of the policemen, "we found her again
and brought her in. She nearly ran
over Coroner Leland."
"Do you mean to say," asked the
Judpe, "that the Coroner was abroad
on the Barbary Coast at 5 o'clock in
the morning?"
"Oh, no," said the policeman; "that
was on Saturday afternoon." v
Judpe Mogan looked vastly relieved.
Coroner Leland did not actually come
into collision with Mile. Lester. He
executed one of his celebrated cam
paign sidesteps and escaped up a neigh
boring fire escape. The defendant w*.s
rire _Yo5_ Interestefl 1
/ jz \ | Kitchenwarc? J
A s^ii&$*"'tt~'**t!*. ft ani If you are. here is a chance to g-i
W'^^tJ tfit 3' our kitchen with Double ff
>^^^^^^^^V ipj Coated Agate Ware at iess prices g
i^^^^^^^^g Lipped Sauce J^^f^ f
Berlin Kettle c gj^« _ *°*— tf
®^ Tea Kettle — 7 quart, agate 4-qt., agate t a'rate'cov' S
0 cover: regular price $175; cover, regular er.regufar $1 00; B
Q special * r\*\ 95c;spe-7nn special. ■ 7Cft 9
« iplaOvF c ; a | . . I Uu lull %
I The After-Stock-Taking Sale Still on §
fjf In All Departments W
II , ■-IS.Si^?' S V^TTER ST. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1904.
found guilty and will be given a short
vacation In charge of Sheriff Curtis.
* • •
Pat McKeon, who is director of
a livery Btable in an alley between
Fourth and Fifth streets, near Harri
son, was before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon. Liego G. Bacigalupi
avers that McKeon refused to fee4 the
complaining witness' team and when
remonstrated with struck him over the
head with a pitchfork.
The defendant displayed a fine rich
biogue when he testified in his own
defense. "1 wouldn't give him any feed,
yanner," said McKeon, "because he
wouldn't pay up. Then he abused me
shamefully. Why, a man wouldn't use
that kind of language to a gun-dog.
I didn't hit him with the steel part of
the fork, but only gave him a rap with
the handle."
Judge Cabaniss took the matter un
der advisement and will probably see
his way clear to reducing the charge
to simple battery.
George Sprengel, the sea captain,
who shot two French sailors about a
month ago on Drumm street in the
belief that they were attempting to
hold him up, was given a preliminary
hearing yesterday before Judge Con-
Ian. The two wounded men testified
that the shooting was without the
slightest provocation, i
Sprengel, in his own defense, said
that a week before the occurrence his
mate had been attacked by footpads.
As he attempted to pass four men, two
of whom were the complaining wit
nesses, he imagined they were at
tempting to surround him and he fired
upon them accordingly.
His attorney, Tom O'Connor, stated
that at present his client was without
means, but if he could regain his
liberty he could secure command of a
vessel bound for the South Seas. On
his return he promised to make satis
factory money compensations to the
injured men for his fict, which, the at
torney said, had been shown to be
more of an error in judgment than a
premeditated crime. The Judge took
the case under advisement until to
morrow.
Mrs. Sarah Rogers, widow of
"Duxie" Rosenbaum, the wholesale
liquor dealer, who killed himself some
years ago and left her a fortune, be
gan her hearing before Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge af attempted
subornation of perjury. The com
plaining witness, Marie Faulkner, was
on the stand all morning detailing her
version of the offer made by Mrs.
Rogers to testify falsely in the mat
ter of the battery charges preferred by
the defendant against the Marshall
brothers. The hearing will be con
tinued to-day.
• • •
Jury trials were demanded by all of
the twenty-five defendants in the
Xymphia cases, which will require at
least six more Police Judges. One
case was set for trial next week by
Judge Fritz and a venire of 100 was
issued to secures talesmen to try the
case. %
♦ • »
F, Heshier, a milkman, was fined
$50 yesterday by Judge Fritz for com
bining good water with good milk and
dispensing it to his customers.
* • »
William Bailey, • arrested for va
grancy, was before Judge Mogan yes
terday. His brother was present and
pleaded for Bill Bailey to please come
home, so the Judge let him go.
• » •
Arthur Baker said he w*as merely
taking a stroll on Leavenworth street
when he was arrested on February 8.
On that same night a chest in the
basement of John A. Barstow's resi
dence at 40 S Leavenworth street was
burglarized. The owner heard the
noise and went to investigate. He
found chisel marks on the chest and
saw an intruder sneaking away. He
notified two policemen, who searched
the neighborhood until they picked ur»
Baker. In his pocket was a chisel,
together with skeleton keys and pick
locks.
The Juage asked him if he had ever
been convicted before. "Perish the
thought." said Baker. He was a re
spectable locksmith, he said, and ab
horred crime. Sergeant Bainbridsre
took a look at him and then gave his
record. He had. served three terms in
the penitentiary, aggregating a totnl
of thirty-six years, and was recently
convicted of pettv larceny. So the
nice Mr. Baker will be held for bur
glpry to-day.
Barstow. the complaining- witness,
appeared in court dressed in a full
uniform of a lieutenant of the Grand
Army of the Republic with a display
of medals that would make Admiral
Alexieff look like a selling plater.
Lots of People and Lots Goinjr,
A pprcial excursion to Chlco will leave Mar
ket-street ferry at 8 p. m.. Sunday, February
21, arriving at Chlco on Washington's birth
day. Returning, leaves Chico at 10 p. m
February 22. Hound trip $5 40. Orfllnary
Rleepor accommodation. $1 each way. Festivi
ties all day Monday, with Eaaton. Eldrldge &
Co.'s great sale of lots In the evening. De
tails at Information Bureau, 613 Market st.
Southern "Pacific. • '
"Our new company is capitalized at
$40,000,000."
"Great! Let me see your prospectus."
"Oh, we haven't got out a prospectus
yet. The — er— the darned printer wants
his pay in advance." — Puck.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBIUM. I " THB EMPOBITJM. |* THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBITJM
k- Put*e Door I hi f7^ . BOo Valuo - A Good -Jj
I F***%rM Mats Faoo Powder Alarm I
i ezBm*+m a . n a '' rrnrnnni - f ■■■■i^i "" —^^ LEclatante Clock 7 UG 3
g SHOW Good, sub- •'--^•■■^Sm^oiuHDMTSToiis Face Powder, Fine nickel S
\ Begins Next hnrHpr^H rn A* . An ideal rainy- day shoppinz place, because of an imported *ar- clock, fully guaran- *
* Tufsdav ."UiUCieq, COCOa conven i e}lt location {every car line passes or trans- tlCle, equal to teed for enejrear, cor- J
f >? IlDer mats, Size j ers j iere ) t and because everything to eat, drink, wear any 50c article in the rect timekeeper, sold ,J
I : February 23. l8x28 inches. or use is for sale under one rooj r . ' market. Try it. all over at $1.00.
j: 1 — I • ■ " ■ :!
I Radiators Two Beautiful Styles Spring Neckvwear 25c curtain \
5 ■ ants • m^ - . m^ -^satf* %
i "Very 3 .. ' SgEggjpgSSr Wednesday Only _*$S8SS&gs8B& continues 3
if Specif*! " 20 ° dozc Q or "- l^ c ncw » toc^ 5 i Q $ i' i ' t and linen, Bulgarian 3??|y* A 1 *
5 mm* pS&l and Persian •embroidered effects and some embroidered in pliin colorings. $*j|&- A largepUT- .%
J* A Vel'V JW n Handsome stock* with Bishop ' tabi, in variety of different patternj much /Sf* Cnase O» Not" «n
* timelV Sale bdf)\j *03 P «tier and bettrr than th« men cf those shown so far tht icason at 50c each; h-.t: to- &•■# iirft/V tingh^m CUr~ *
f this, of high <tjyonly - •'•••' " v ' •••••■ 250 tains, in %
I grade gas ra- Dainty Wash Goods 1904 Silks and wh , lte ' £? ru 5
I diators and At a Popular Price Dress. Goods 75c and Arabian *
j^ heaterS, and The Wash Goods stock proves the Our buyer, in panning for his Colors; fine -J
ft Oil heaterS. forwardnrsg of The Emporium. The shslvei \ *pnng *"<l tummer busjisu during his recent \ pattemS. «*
** r^^r^c in or>^ and counter! arc loaded with wash labric nov- I N« w York tri ? , s.-cured some ve y special I . •,
Jf LOme in and e ti . s for spnng and gummer> and tWs h on . y I coneenom in linr, to ■ «U at 75= » Y"*- I ' 6oc Curtains, pair J
£ See them. thei 7 thofF.bruarv. PQ& HI Hrrear: a doten of th:m: ffS^BflUZH • • • - 44O X
K * ,«r,li n J«r« N ' w Batistes- Opened up with'n the hit ||*Ff> 46-inch VoUe E:amhe, in new colorings .. 1*^/1 8 Cc Curtains, Dair "2
g * 2 J Ot -J rJ 2l „ f-w days and oa Ml- th» morning; over 300 II // 45-»eh Fancy AU-Wool Tweed Su tings .. I /L^ Cjf^ $
» Heater $1 m S5 piicet sheer woven batis'es, in dainty styles IB/ /m 48-inch Mrre Cheviot, colon and black . . I M " * ' * * «*7** ? .n
J' C3.Cc4.tuhe Ra- and cokrings; an unu:ua! valu: at. ....'. I H fJ*/ 4 C-inch Engi h Alpaca and BrU.iantne, new I M A W • ««*' «
&> * ciato- £2 83 Bourett'd Skirting- A new mak- of a \ g E3M Jgg coIors \ ijjf pf pair . . -99o
J* * nVjI" 1 ' heavy-weigh: flaked rffict, in genteel dark >^ 46-inch Crepe Egypta, evening and itreet <2.OO Curtains, %
% $5.00 Oil Heater brings; splendid value at. . / ■ color.' * . f %
jf . . $3*95 Dress Seersuckers - We contracted for /^/3nW 3 i-mch All-wool French Chalies /^Z3rl'f< •<•'#■■*«» Jl
*" «4.OO GiS Ridi- 1500 pieces of ihes: wel-krown, b:t-snde 23-inch L : berty Satin Foulard', metallic ef- C/W>IilO _ »_ >j
2? " aror full i-wr'cd P«>*uctions of the Amoikeag Mills. An- f-«» -i AraDian .%
5 ' 1 ] X o/J other great value at , ,/, r/ 4 20-nch Louisine Silks — Small neat ef- •»/» *v4 Curtains "J
-» . . .$^m&O While Goods— The new lints of plan Yd I Cl- fects, for shirt wa ; :t suit. V CLL CL. -^
tl $5.00 GiS Ridl- India Linens and Victoria Lawns are b.tter ' 2O-'nch Fancy Taffeta, checks and stripes. . •' Three qualities, pr. *
\ ator, 2 Stvles . . fin : shed and will be more popular than ever. 23-inch black guaranteed Taffeta— extra . . g»Q __ £~ ,J
AT G? 1Q Two cas.-t of, the 30-inch wide 15c quaVites / 19-inch Co:or;i Tafieta, in more thin 400 I io*f?#* •
J. . . SJ.Jil h . reat 3 5 .4 J different shades and $3.50w 'J
1 1 I "5
» : Dinner 19O4 Wash Waists I9O4- Dress Skirts Library j
K «*-** Striped Perca'e Wash Waists-In pink, blu: and black striprd One-Quarter Less Than Real Values Table *
J vGo effects on whits 7^c values; here for BOO Al'-Wool Outing SKirt- Medium-weight homejptins and cheriots, C/^ IS M
* porc.jam, a ' """ * 1IU ,,„.., ., , ., , r , , *"*"* New Pedestrian Skirt— Madr of all-wool skirting; in stripes, fancy re o U lar *io Co- a *
*: hlte " . Chma 5 5° Very Handsorrfe Lawn Waists-Made cf fine sheer white ma- mixtures and m.nni.h effects; 7 -gore flare, $6. 50 ralue. . . . rCgU ' ar * l 9-S°> « M
» pieces for six persons. terial, beautifully tucked, panel front, of lace insertion and em- * « qq great snap. £
_— — broidery, worth «2. 50; here. . . .$2.00 Ntw Dress Skirt-Made of fine Wack cloth, "beaurlfolly trimmed — — — — ■ j|
*» EWIanlCUre Novelty' Lawn Waists— A collection cf dainty style?, beautifully w.th a combination of rarrow taffeta silk bands and silk soutache Patent **
tC JL 0% tucked, embroider:d and hem:t"itched, shoud'be mirkei -3.50; braid, in panel effect, full 9 gore, unlined, short train and box o . «J
0 SGs 9 5UG hre $2.75 pleat flounce, a full $ 1 2. 00 value; Emporium pric- . .$9.5O rOmpaUOUr "J
j Complete — ■ — $1*25 J
* urge naii P o isher, Groceries and Uttuors Boys' Separate Pants ,, Na i. ural hair in S
i iil^ooi^ ™<Ht^*Zn"sdai Big /ssoriminl—LHtlo Prioes ff™^>> J
K nail powder. ' } Boys' Vhool Knee Pant> - For ages 4 to i6, in cordu- to be worn under %
K ' StryKer's Sand Soap — F° r the two days, 1 5 bars BOc roy and Scotch tweeds the front hair. -Jj
* MUt C '*»—*§ Macaroni. Vermicelli or Spaflhcttf — 25c box . .,2Oc These pants have tape seams and are warranted by the -—-------««-._».» J»
V my menu F MacKcrcl— New fi*h. each .. . . . . . 12c " take . r 1 ?' lt '1*?- v ■ * t A v ,, tristnV \
?» P|t/tcftiPI*n v ii i j *« C J k u Boys Knte Pants — For ages 4 to 16 years; English «— _» inoWl 2
1 S?ttT Ycllo^ cros Java and Moca-Ground or beans, .- b. -^ cordu . oys and fanc s y t ; eedl> pa , r ..;./.. 75 C Cream 5
tf $MmW& packages. ■ 20c Boys' Knei Pants— Gsod blue serge*, lined throughout; sizes for Bg% *
|t Rrad this fasci- Carolina Head Rice— The best, 7 Ib3 50c 4 to 16 yean St.OO OUG ,%
& a natine and latest J. F. Cutter Whisky - Od re.iabl; brand, bott'.e 73 O New Mannish Blouse -For boys 6 to 14 years, made of nudras Formassatrin^.nri '5
ft nating and latest Whisky-io vears old, regularly fi. 5 O, for. . . $ifi5 clcth and ingrain dye. that will defy any laundry to dim their ""naisaging and *
* succc " in L fic "°"' White Wine-Br.t Hock, gallon . ......... *dlc coloring,: building up tissue %
J, the new book by Ex<ra Qaret— 5 years old, gallon 45© Price unlaundcred, 50o oi the **«; the -j
If H:nry Harland. Imported Gin— Engli;h or Holland, botte S5o Price laundered, 75o best skin food used, ji
BASSETT TAKES
GAS FOR LOVE
Streetcar Conductor Leaves
the World Because His
Sweetheart Had Jilted Him
Disappointed In love, John B. Bas-
Bctt, alias John Bentley, a conductor
on the Ook-stfeet car line, suffocated
himself with illuminating gas last
Monday night in his room at 351
Pierce street. His landlady, Mrs. F.
Steen, discovered him dead in his bed
yesterday forenoon, with one 'end of a
rubber tube In his mouth and another
affixed to the gas burner, the stopcock
of which was fully turned on.
Several notes written in pencil by
Bassett were found on a table. One,
addressed to "Fanny," reads as fol
lows:
February 15, 1904— My Only Sweetheart: I
have irrieved these last two weeks until my
heart Is broken, and to-day, when I heard the
news, put the finishing touches on the whole
business. Don't believe I ever said one wrong
word against you, for I never have. Forgive
my soul, Fanny, for all the harsh things I
'ever said to you. It was only because' I
loved you and because the good Lord told me
there was somethlnjr wrong. Tou told me
when I was at Handley'« you could not live
without me. But It Is different now, and I
i can't live without you. Well, good-by, my
darling, and roy last wish Is, Go home and
never come to Frisco again.
>ACK BASSETT.
Fanny, get the watch and remember me
by It.
The following was addressed to a
man named Ray:
2—15—04: Well, Ray. I suppose by the
time you receive this note you will have ac
complished something that Is my death. But
I forgive you, Ray, and may God bless you
both. Carry out my instructions, and as
long as you have done it, be good to her. for
she Is the best little woman In this world.
BASSETT.
Another note, evidently intended for
"Fanny," was addressed to Hammer
smith & Field and was an order to de
liver to the bearer Bassetfs- watch.
But it was signed J. B. Bentley. On
the back of a young woman's photo
graph were these words: "Sweetheart
Fanny — I love you more than you will
ever know." . .
Bassett was 30 years old.
Mrs. Phillips' Will Is Filed.
The 'will of Mrs. May E. Phillips,
who died recently at 2004 . Gough
street, was filed for probate yesterday.
It disposes of an estate worth in tno
neighborhood of $100,000. To her
husband, J. "W. Phillips, she leaves
$20,000 and a life interest in the fam
ily residence on Gough street; to her
sister, Anna J. Breed, $10,000, and to
her brottier, D. F. Blunt of Llvermore,
Me., $10,000 and the ranch he nov.'
lives on. She also leaves $5000 ea»h
to her five nephew^ and nieces, 1\ E.
Drew of San Jose. Laura Whitaker of
Ferndale, Lillian M. Moore of this
city and Leon, Guy and Gladys Blunt
of Livermore. Me. She also ; leaves
$6500 to a number of friends and dis
tant relatives. After the payment of
the legacies the residue of the estate
is to go to her brother and the neph
ews and nieces.
Makes Grave Charge.
In an affidavit, filed yesterday by
Eliza A. Button, administratrix of the
estate . of D. R. Thomas, who is the
plaintiff. in a suit against L. P., H. G.
and W. B. Thomas and Alice and W.
M. Swett, she asks that the trial of
the suit be delayed for r a month or
until such time as .her husband, R.
W. Button, .returns from Milwaukee.
She says he is a material witness in
the case and that she can prove by his
testimony that at the time mentioned
in her complaint Thomas had himself
declared insolvent and that for the
purpose of defrauding his creditors he
had transferred to the defendants his
property.
Bunko Steerer Sentenced.
The motion for a new trial in the
case of George Roberts, convicted of
grand larceny, was denied by Judge
Lawler yesterday and the prisoner
was sentenced'to serve nine and a half
years in San Quentin. Last March
Roberts got $S0 from W. A. Perry,
who was enticed into a room at 1044
Market street, where there were sev
eral bunko men. The door was lock
ed and Perry, in fear, gave the pris
oner the money demanded.
' ■, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vfss Sarah MacComb, whose hair The above photograph of Miss Frances Marie Miss May Densmore, cow the longest-
ouches the floor when she stands erect, fi? 7iS£S£ w £j!L e 25i Sii te ih?«y rf E^S taired in ** worid - *V± "I *™ »>«*
savs: "My hair would not reach below ducing hair. This little girl has had Danderioe your Danderine two years, and my hair has
applied to her hair and scalp regularly e»er since „„..,.. „.._- .. t__ v j_ i___.u -.,.. .. - - : _ .«.
my waist when I commenced using she wa* Uiree months of a ge . with the result that er own OTer an fach in length every month
_ , . . .. . - , ° she now has the longest and most beautiful head since I commenced its use. It surely con*
Dandenne, and it IS now Over five feet o f hair e»*r possessed by a child of her age. t -: M _„, -marVahlv invteoratint- miali-
in leneth'» fLook at her beautiful Fran«, MarieU the daughter of Dr. E.W.Knowl- remarlcably invigorating qaab-
ai ncr Deaumui ton, the dacorerer of Danderine, 080 Garfieldboul., ties. (Miss Densmore wntes us under re-
hair and judge for yourself whether or Chicaco. The doctor says that her hair continues ccat fa ie tiait Danderine had made her hair
. . ♦ ... .. £«-■ \ t0 Brow very rapidly and he is sure it will be long . ,
rot She got tht worth of her money.) enough to touch the floor when she stands erect by grow three feet longer than it was naturally,
V the time she is four years old. and is still growing.)
$1 (\(\(\ wiU te P ven PRCTTY QIIRQT&MTI Al I F^ OFFICIAL CUARAHTCE.
W&O pTOVM thtt the tDOVe . nnftf|r i\T IDmiT I tr-am^fdOtpUt pmnl*tmt*nn«Dtm4~v?l,m*,mt
photographs mnd testlmo- rnUUr Ur ~ Ifl t K I I I r J^% YRBWWJ£SaW&SX>*
gennioe and solicited. |g |"p |NJ OT ? t SHS t T7 """* (QgyS&T^***'*^'?*?'
V'U X't' S? r l S! t u«5SII,??5 ; K! 3r PSX^Sf^S^i! 1 w ® win s* 1 " 1 * lar ?» s»*^e?ree by retarn mall to anyone who sends tfeb I
JS AMJUJBU L?InVipn?«?»^^ KNOWLTON DANDERINE COHPANY. CHICAQO. with their name ani addre-s and 1C oft,.
- ta sUTer °f stamns to nay uostase. j^O W at aU drussis In three sizes. 2 5c. 50c and $4.00 £ J tmilt. V
FOR SALE AND GUARANTEED BY ||1j
REDINQTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
OREGON CORONER TELLS
A VERY PECULIAR STORY
Says the Rody of Charles Fellows
\V:>s Delivered on Order of Two
Total Stranjjers.
J. P. FMnley, Coroner of Multnomah
County, Or., complained to Coroner
Leland yesterday that he had" been
shabbily treated by Undertaker Suhr,
who had obliged him to pay $30
charges on the body of Charles Fel
lows, who died on January 20. Fel
lows' parents reside In Oregon and are
unacquainted in San Francisco. Their
son came to this city on his way home
from Los Angeles, whither he had
gone to be treated for consumption,
and died here. Mr. Finley telephoned
the Coroner to hold the body of Fal
lows until he should arrive hereto
take it back to Oregon. He was sur
prised to find that Suhr had it ami
when he demanded to know how Suhr
came to have possession he was in
formed that the body had been de
livered upon a written order signed
by "J. R. Richards" and "Mark
Strouse," room 26 Mills building.
Coroner Finley said that those per
sons were total strangers to the fam
ily and had no authority to give an
order for the body. Suhr charged
Finley $30 for having embalmed and
cared for the corpse, which sum Fin
ley paid, taking Suhr's receipt.
Neither Richards nor Strouse could
be seen yesterday afternoon. Coroner
Leland has begun an Investigation of
the matter.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THUG SHOOTS
A BARTENDER
With Pal He Attempts Hold-Up
and Tries to Commit Murder
When Resistance Is Offered
BEX BURKE THE VICTIM
Is Tttlkinir to Friend in Saloon
When Robbers Enter and
Demand Money in the Till
One of a pair of desperate robbers
tried last night to murder a barteml
«r who offered resistance when order
(i to give up the money behind the
bar.
Th<? affair occurred in the saloon at
Tonlh and Mission streets. Ben Burke,
the bartender, was talking to John R.
Carlson, a friend, when the thugs en
tered and one of them pointed a pis
tol at Burke nnd demanded the money
in the plai-e.
Burke showed signs of resistance
and the man with the revolver fired,
wounding the bartender in the face.
The robbers then ran away.
Burke was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital.
May Have Been Murdered.
Mrs. Mary Sanborn. an aged woman
living at 230Vi Third street, died last
night from a fracture of the skull. She
was found Jn a room on the second
floor of the building, and before dying
said. •'Chnrlio killed me." It i* sup
posed that fhe referred to Charles
Hamlin. the man for whom she was
keeping house. Hamlin was arrested
and booked at the Central Station on
a charge of murder.
CLAIMS THALL. WAS NOT
INTERESTED IN ALCAZAR
In an affidavit filed yesterday by
Maurice E. Meyer, executor of the
will of the late Mark Thall, in oppo
rition to the motion made by Thall's
son and daughter to reopen the estate
on the ground that they had discov
ered evidence that their father had an
interest in the Alcazar and Central
theaters, which was not credtited to
his estate, he states that the claim of
the Thall children is not based on
facts. He denies that Thall was a
partner with himself and Fred Belasco
in the Alcazar and Central theaters.
Meyer avers that the motion to re
open the Thall estate is not made in
good faith and says there exists no
ground for the charge that Thall was
cheated out of any interest in the two
theaters. He says that during the
time the Thall estate was being pro
bated he frequently consulted with
the attorney for the Thalls and says
that the latter knew the theatrical
man was not interested in the Alcazar
and Central.
Lecture on Life and Evolution.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16. — A lecture
dealing with recent discoveries regard
ing the nature of life and life phe
nomena will be given to-morrow
evening at the First Unitarian Church
by Professor W. J. V. Osterhout of the
University of California. The lecture
is the third in the series of free lec
tures given by the Channing Auxiliary
and the principal topics of the pro
fessor's discourse will be: (a) The
nature of life; (b) the cause of death;
<c) the cause of old age; (d) the con
trol of life processes and disease by
chemical and other means; (e) new
discoveries regarding the laws of her
edity; (f) the production of new va
rieties of fruit, etc., by artificial evo
lution; (g) new discoveries regarding
the "missing links" of evolution.
To Extend Fourteenth Street.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16. — Property
owners on Fourteenth street have in
stituted a movement having for its
purpose the opening of that street
from Harrison street to Lake Mer
ritt. The first step in the mattr- will
be a petition to the City Council to
open Fourteenth street, from Harri
eon to Jackson, a distance of two
blocks. By /extending Fourteenth
Ftreet In the manner indicated an
open thoroughfare from the heart of
the city to Lake Merritt would be
made.
Lecture on Health.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16. — On Thursday
next Dr. J. Hamilton Todd will ad
dress the teachers and pupils of the
public schools on the subject, "Med
ical Inspection of Schools" at the
Common School assembly hall. The
-lecture will begin at 3:20 o'clock. This
■will be the first of a series of lectures
to be delivered under the auspices of
the Board of Health.
Rainfall in Oakland.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16. — The rainfall
for the last twenty-four hours, ending
at 1 o'clock to-day, was 1.03 Inches,
making a total of 16,72 inches for the
peason. as compared with 16.08 inches
for a corresponding period iast year.
A metal roof is 6aid to be positive
protection against the building it
covers being struck by lightning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum. Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or otner skin troubles,
promptly relievedand cured by
This scientific gennidde, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature Accept no
substitutes. Address
wr KK rVaJaakln B*okl»t »■ t b*-
»***■* Itreatatent »r Ohwt .
MAKES STRANGE
USE OF CURIO
AlanuMfla Magistrate Affixes Of
ficial Seal of Filipino Gen
eral to a Legal Summons
LEXGTHY DEMURRER FILED
Justice Tappan Fails to Make
Distinction Between. Proper
State Insignia and a Relic
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 16.
The sending out of a freak copy of a
summons in a divorce action by Justice
of the Peace Tappan of Alameda is the
subject of a three-page demurrer filed
with the courts to-day. Opposing coun
sel to Tappan seriously objects to hav
ing: his client summoned into court un
der the seal of some defunct Fili
pino magnate, whose coat-of-arms has
fallen a prey to the curio hunter.
The document speaks for itself and
only needs the demurrer of Attorney J.
Meyer to point out the glaring incon
gruity of the alleged paper through the
process of which Tappan was attempt
ing to do business in the courts here.
Meyer states that the copy served on
his client does not bear the seal of the
Superior Court of the county of Ala
meda, nor of any court of the United
States, but, on the contrary, bears a
seal purporting to be that of the "Capi
tania General de Filipinas Estada
Mayor."
The unusual summons promises to
upset the gravity of the bench when
called to its attention. It begins with
the usual formal printed greeting of
the people of the State of California to
George Molitor and commanding him,
under the seal of the court, to appear
upon a certain date and answer an ac
tion begun against him. Then comes
the seal. Instead of being round, as
State Nseals are made, it is of oval pat
tern. Around the border is the insignia
of the captain general of the Philip
pines. On its face there is a shield sur
mounted with a crown, and on the field
of the shield are lions rampant, with
ostrich feathers in its center.
Meyer has given notice that he will
make a motion to quash and set aside
the service of the summons on account
of its irregularity.
I-1AGLE DRUM CORPS
TO ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
Members Will Give Benefit Dance at
Maple Hall on Wednesduy
Evening.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— The drum
corps of Oakland Aerie No. 7, Frater
nal Order of Eagles, will give a ben
efit hop to-morrow evening at Maple
Hall, which will be elaborately dec
orated in honor of the occasion. The
committee in charge of the arrange
ments has worked industriously for
the success cf the dance and from
present indications the affair will be
a success in every detail.
Every member of th« local - aerie
has been aiding the event, as it is the
first affair to be given by the mem
bers of the drum corps, and a large
crowd is expected. The drummers
will attend in uniform.
The members of the drum corps of
Oakland Aerie are:
Drum major, O. A. Smith; mascot,
Frankie Brown; manager, E. A. Peck;
leader, Howard K. Smith; sergeants,
Ernie Cardinet. Jacob Callaghan; cor
porals, Joseph H. Martin. Howard
Prentice, Eddie Fitzpatrick; drum
mers, William McDonald. William
Raffeto. Harry Furey, William Gray,
Harry Kirkaldie, A. S. Abernathy,
James Otey, William Duchran; base
drums. Charles Ohme and James
Dunn.
Alameda County Deaths.
OAKLAND.,' Feb. 16. — Bradley A.
Armstrong, aged 77 years, died yes
terday at his home at Twenty-eighth
and Magnolia streets. The 'deceased
was a native of New York and has
resided in this city for more than
thirty years. He leaves a wife and
six children, George F., B, Frank, Ed
ward, W. W. and Charles Armstrong
and Mrs. Frank Schwab.
Mrs. Ellen E. Hill, wife of R. R.
Hill, died at her residence in East
Oakland yesterday, aged 42 years.
She leaves two children, Mabel F. and
Florence HilL
Mrs. Ella Van Vranken, aged 34
years, died last night at her home,
1705 Tenth avenue. She leaves a hus
band and one son. '
Carl Cron. son of William Cron of
this city, died last night at the home
of his father, 1115 San Pablo avenue,
at the age of 26 years. *-
Mrs. Delia Hannratty died yester
day at her residence, 6521 Telegraph
avenue. Deceased was a widow, aged
68 years.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: James King,
28, and Carrie Walker, 27, both of
Emeryville; James G. Quinn, over 21,
Oakland, and Glenora B. Harris, over
18, Emeryville;. William C. Grindley,
34, Fort Baker, and Margaret S. El
lam, 20, Greyhampton, Ky.; Louis E.
Wilson, 35, San Jose, and Emma L.
Heyn, 22, Alameda; Hugh H. Brown,
over 21, Tonopah, and Marjorie
Moore, over 18, San Francisco.
Funeral of Mrs. W. P. Kelly.
OAKLAND.f Feb. 16. — The funeral
of Mrs. Anna R. Kelly, wife of W. F.
Kelly, general manager of the Oakland
Transit Consolidated, was held to-day
from the family residence, 246 Perry
street, the services being conducted by
the Rev. Charles R. Brown. The fun
eral was private and the remains were
later incinerated at the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery in San Francisco.
St. Patrick's Day Entertainment.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— Rev. Father
J. B. McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church, is preparing an extensive pro
gramme to commemorate the day sa
cred to the patron saint of the parish
and the St. Patrick's day entertain
ment this year will excel anything
ever before attempted. The Rev
Fathers Sasia and Mulligan, S. J., wili
soon conduct a week's mission at the
church. '
Callfornians in New York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16. — The follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived at the
hotels: From San Francisco — Miss
M. Kearney, at the Manhattan; E. L.
Putzar and W. D. Sauiers, at the
Grand; L. A. Stent, at the Manhattan;
H. DecherU at the Belvedere; M. Mac-
Donald, at the Morton.
From Los Angeles — E. H. Landon
and F. A. Sivan, at the Grand Union.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IT, 1904.
DECIDE PISTOL
WAS HARMLESS
Jury Acquits John Carlson
for Making a "Gun Play,"
as Weapon Was Unloaded
MIGHT HAVE. BEEN- -SHOT
Frank Fa "•an, the' Complain
ing- Witness, Files Two More
Charges Against His Assailant
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 16.
A jury to-day acquitted John Carl
son of Berkeley of the charge of as
sault to commit murder, the evidence
going to show that the weapon was not
loaded at the time the accused was
making his "gun play." Two pther
charges, one of carrying a concealed
weapon and another of disturbing the
peace, have been lodged against him,
and he is not yet free from his entan
glement with the law. .
Carlson was accused by Frank Fa-
Ran, who conducts an electrical shop in
Berkeley, of attempting his life. The
men Quarreled because Fagan was do
ing some work that under union regula
tions should have been done by an ap
prentice. As a union man Carlson ob
jected and was discharged by Fagan.
A quarrel then ensued, and Carlson
took a pistol out of his pocket and won
a temporary victory.
The Judge in commenting on a cer*
tain portion of Carlson's trial said that
a man who was fool enough to draw
an unloaded weapon and take the
chance of being shot was probably not
resourceful enough to get the cartridges
out of the pistol without detection.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Feb. 16. — The second formal
at home of Mr*. J. R. Burnham and her
daughter. Miss Lucretia Uurnham, to-day
brousht out the smart Bet In large numbers
and the spacious rooms of the beautiful lake
side residence were filled almost continuously
with fair visitors. A bevy of Miss Diwnham's
girl friends assisted her in receiving and were
later entertained at dinner, the dinner party
including also a number of gentlemen. Cov
ers were laid for the following guests:..
Miss Marion Smith, Miss Marlon Good
fellow. Miss Helen Chaae, Miss Marion White,
Miss Ktnei Crellin, Miss Bessie Heed. Miss
May Coogan, Miss Edna Barry, Miss Gertrude
Gould. Miss Edith UeCk, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
lie'.den, TCdward Akins, Philip Clay, Daniel
Hobson. Aaron Brock. Edward King, Herbert
Landers, Lloyd Lacy, Dr. Percy Uuskill. Har
old Havens, Arthur Goodfellow and Roy Som
ers. . " .-
During the reception hours In the afternoon
Mrs. Burnham was also assisted by Mrs. T. C.
Coogan, Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mrs. H. Q. Thomas.
Mr*. W. B. Dunning. Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs.
E. M. Walsh. Mrs. T. L. Barker i and Mrs.
William Morris. ,-;.-
The Cosmos Club was entertained toy Mrs.
Melvin C. Chapman yesterday afternoon, Mrs.
Q. A. Cha«e and Mrs. W. B. Winchester mak
ing the highest scores. ' Among the players
were Mrs. Frank Marlon Smith, Mrs. Qulncy
A. Chase, Mrs. R. W. Gorrill. Mrs. Theodore
L. Barker, Mrs. T. C: Coogan, Mrs. Ernest J.
Cotton, Mrs. Thomas Crellin. Mrs. J. A. Fol
gcr. Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall. Mrs. William
H. Goodfellow, Mrs. Harry Gordon. Mrs. J. Ii.
Howard, Mrs. E. H. Klttredge, Mrs. J. M.
Knowles, Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. Ernest G.
Lukens, Mrs.' Horry Meek, Mrs. Will Meek,
Mrs. A. A. Moore, Mrs. Egbert B. Stone, Mrs.
E. F. Taylor. Mrs. Edward M. Walsh, Mrs.
Eugene B. Beck. Mrs. George Cooke, Mrs. S.
R. Church. Mrs. Fred Cutting, Mrs. Oscar
Gowlng, Mifs Mabel T. Gray, Mrs. Charles
Houghtc-n, Mrs. Charles Holt, Mrs. Henry
Morris, Mrs. William Morris, Mrs. George Mc-
Xear, Mrs. Andrew S. Mosely, Miss Grace
Sperry. Mrs. Prentlss -Selby, Mrs. William E.
Sharon. Mrs. Albert Sutton, Mrs. R. H. Auer
bach and Mrs. M. F. Jordan.
• Mrs. Pedar Sather, president of the Cosmos
Club, has been quite ill and was unable to be
present.
The Ebell rooms presented an attractive ap
pearance to-day during the club luncheon, the
gowns of the ladies vying in dainty coloring
with the violets and daffodils that bright
ened each table. Mrs. Paul Lohse was chief
hostess of the afternoon and was assisted by
a large receiving party, including: Mrs. Charles
Lovell. Mrs. E. G. Lukens. Mrs. R. S. Leckie,
Mrs. R. M. Lyman Mrs. W. N. Layson, Mrs.
Herbert Long. Mrs. A. L. Leber. Mrs. M. J.
Laymance, Mrs. Oscar Lunmg, Mrs. W. E.
Miles. Mrs. George W. McNear. Mrs. J. M.
Merrill. Mrs. W. E. Montgomery, Mrs. J. W.
McClymonds, Mrs. Mary Matnews, Mrs. F.
T. McHenry, Mrs. Seth Mann. Mrs. W J.
Mathews, Mrs. H. P. Merrltt. Mrs. W. E. Mil
wain, Mrs. Charlts Mau. Mrs. M. W. Mathes,
Mrs. N. E. Mutler, Mrs. Walter Manuel. Mrs.
J. J. Meigs. Mrs. E. C. Merrill. Mrs. Roy
Mauvals, Mrs. Frank Moffltt and Mrs. J.
Nichols.
Mrs. Kate Bulkley read a brief but very In
teresting report of the late meeting of the
federation. There was also an . excel
lent musical programme and a recita
tion by Mrs. James Monroe Gamble
that was a delightful bit of work. She has
a very pleasing voice and gave graceful evi
dence to-day of considerable histrionic ability.
As an encore she read the poem, "In May,"
with a musical accompaniment by Miss Col
lins. The programme was as follows:
Violin solo, "Nocturne" (Chopln-WilhelmJ),
by Mrs. Edward Norton Ewer; selected read-
Ing, Mrs. James Monroe Gamble; vocal solo—
(a) "Go. Lovely Rose." (b) "Fair Daffodils"
(Leandro Campanarl) and (c) Bijou song from
"Faust" (Gounod), by Miss Lillian Remll
lard: Miss Collins, accompanist. .
An unusually large jiumber of guests, not
members of the club, were present to-day at
the luncheon, among the visitors being:
Miss Anabel Root. Berkeley; Mrs. George
Tashelra. San Francisco: Mrs. C. F. Morse,
Massachusetts: Mrs. F. 8. Edlnger. Berkeley;
Mrs. Horace Coffin, San Francisco; Mrs. C.
E. Coleman. San Leandro; Mrs. L. C. Walrath,
San Leandro; Mrs. A. B. Cary, San Leandro;
Mrs. Charles A. Sands. Michigan; Mrs. A. W.
Scott, San Francisco: Mrs. M. J. Wired. Wash
ington. D. C. ; Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. San
Francisco: Jlrs. J. C. Wilson, San Francisco;
Mrs. Carl Rerr. San Franciico: Mrs. Antone
McMullan, Berkeley; Mrs. J. C. Leaton, Mlch-
Mra. E. J. Cotton-and Miss Bertha Young
supervised the decorating of the club rooms.
Next Tuesday promises to be a "red letter
day" at Ebell. The "landmarks" section of
which Mrs. J. W. McClymonda Is curator, will
be hostesses on that occasion and the pro
gramme that Is being planned is full of Inter
est. Members of the section. Including Mrs.
von Helms. Mrs. Francis Gray, Miss Julia
Crane, Miss Geraldine Scupham and Mrs. C.
W. Kinsey. will read short papers on land
marks of historical Interest. There will also
be an appropriate musical programme.
Mrs. J. Cal Ewlng was the hostess at an In
formal luncheon to-day that proved to be, a
very delightful affair. Her guests were mem
bers of a little reading club that is about to
lose one of Its active members In Mrs. T. H.
Williams, who is preparing to leave Oakland
for Los Angcle* and who was the motive for
the gathering to-day.
Daffodils adorned the table very effectively
and covers were laid for Mrs. T. H. Williams,
Mrs. George Burdlck, Mrs. Etta Copp Smith,
Mrs. J. Manuel. Mrs. Frank Leavitt. Mrs. C.
W.. Hopkins, Mrs. A. L.. Adams, Mrs. Shields
of Alameda. Mrs. H. F. Morris and the hostess.
Judge James O. Quinn and Mies Glenora B.
Harris were quietly married this evening at
the bride'* home on Market street. Rev.
Father M. Sweeney, pastor of St. Francis ae
Sales, was the officiating clergyman. The cere
mony was witnessed by members of the family
only. The brtde, a dashing arid attractive
young woman, was beautifully gowned In gray
crepe de chine.
Judge and Mrs. Quinn will spend their honey
moon in Coronado.
Judge Quinn Is the present Justice of Oak
land Townehlp aria has held that office for the
last six years. Prior to that ho was Judge
of the Recorder's Court at Emeryville. He was
graduated from Hastings , Law - College in '85
and since that time has been almost con
tinuously a prominent fljrure In Oakland poli
tics. He Is very popular In club < circles, be
ing an active member of the Nile Club and
of the local lodge of Elks. His bride Is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William R. Harris
of this city. ;; - r
The Oakland Club will give a Martha Wash
ington luncheon to-morrow. Mrs. W. F. Ru
dolph. Mrs. W. D. Smith and Mrs. H..L. Nye
will be in charge. ■; .
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— The Misses Fannie
MAYOR OLNEY
ACCEPTS PLAN
Consents ; to • Meet and Con
■ suit With Special Commit
tee to Fix Water Kates
BEAKS ON: THE FUTURE
People of Oakland^ May Look
'' for an Official Statement
. Within the Next Few Days
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 16.
Mayor Warren Olney has consented
to act with the. special committee from
the City Council in selecting a board
of appraisers to pass upon the value
of the plant of the Contra COsta Water
Company, at least for the fixing of wa
ter rates. -Whether the action of this
board of appraisers will be used beyond
the mere fixing of water rates will
have to be determined in the future. ';
There was a meeting of the special
bond and water committee of the City
Council with Mayor Olney on Saturday
evening, at which the committee sub
mitted to the Mayor the report that
was presented to the Council last even
ing. At the same time the Council com
mittee requested Mayor- Olney to act
with it in the selection of an expert to
appraise the«value of the plant of
Contra Costa Water Company in behalf
of the city. Mayor Olney to-night out
liticd his position with regard to this
very delicate question:
I have consented to act with the special
committee from the City Council in the con
sideration of an expert who will represent ■ the
Interests of the city of Oakland. I consider
that the plan proposed Is an excellent one as
far as the fixing of the water rates for the
present year Is concerned, but whether it will
go beyond this to the plan proposed by the
Council committee will have to be determined.
As I understand the proposition, this board of
appraisers is to fix a value upon the plant of
tlje Contra Coata Water Company for the es
tablishing of water rates for the present year.
If it is decided expedient to po beyond Jhis It
can be done, but no definite decision has been
reached upon this point. I shall issue a full
statement in a few days, and until that time
comes you can say that I am In favor cf the
plan for the fixing 1 of water rates for the pres
ent year. .
SAYS LIFE WAS
ALL A FAILURE
Well-Dressed Stranger Takes
Koomat Pacific House and
"Commits Suicide by Gas
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 16.
After writing a note'stating that his
life had been a failure, a well dressed,
unknown man last night, committed
suicide at the Pacific Lodging-houBe,
869 Washington street, by inhaling Illu
minating gas through a tube attached
to a gas jet. He was a man of appa
rent education and refinement. He took
the room last night, and was not discov
ered until 5:30 o'clock this evening,
when he was found by Mrs. E. Price,
proprietor of the house. The prepara
tions for the suicide were taken with
much care. There were no marks on
the clothing or elsewhere which would
serve for identification. In the note the
dead man asked that his remains be not
held for identification. Save for the
fact that he confessed that his life had
been a failure there is no explanation
of the suicide. He was a man about
five feet six inches tall, weighing prob
ably 150 pounds. His hair was dark
and inclined to curl. His nose was
straight, but gave the impression of be
ing slightly turned up. The clothes
worn by the deceased were of good ma
terial. The coat was dark. The vest
was a pepper color. His trousers were
dark striped ones.
On a thin watch chain there was a
small locket shaped like a heart. It
was set in the back with a diamond.
The locket did not open. This is the
best mark of identification found on the
dead man. In a memorandum book
were found these names: S. J. Mc-
Kenny, W. H. Short, Co. H., Cater
Novelty Company, Kokomo, Ind.
STATUS OF SUITS IN
WHICH CITY IS PARTY
City Attorney McElroy Makes Report
to Council Relative to Condition
of Litigation. . '.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16. — City Attorney
McElroy has reported to the City
Council that the status of the various
suits in which the city Is interested is
as follows:
City of Oakland vs. Roland i W..
Snow for the recovery of $1868 32,
collected by Snow as Auditor, on ap
peal; matter of the estate of Wash
ington Bushrod, in which city is left
$15,000 worth of property, pending in
probate; Owens, Varney & Green
Company vs. City Council, to dissolve
injunction preventing maintenance of
billboards, pending in Superior Court;
First National Bank vs. City of Oak
land to recover $1990 taxes, paid un
der protest, pending in Superior
Court; Union National Bank vs. Z. T.
Gilpin, to. prevent sale of property
(b^nk stock) for delinquent taxes,
pending in Superior Court; Oakland
Bank of Savings vs. Z. T. Gilpin, to
prevent taxation of bonds, pending in
Superior Court; Union National Bank*
vs. Felton Taylor as Tax Collector, to
prevent taxation of bonds, pending In
Superior Court; Contra Costa Water
Company vs. City of Oakland, bill of
exceptions being engrossed for sub
mission to Supreme Court.
Lnst Rites for Clergyman.
ALAMEDA, Feb. ? 16.— Funeral ser
vices for the late Rev. Thomas L. Ran
dolph were held this afternoon at
Christ Episcopal Church. Bishop Wil
liam Ford Nichols and many clergymen
were present during . the ceremonies,
which were directed by Rev. xWilliam
Norman Guthrie. The body lay in state
in the edifice to-night. To-morrow the
remains will be conveyed to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery for interment. .
Tyrrell,' Ella GibbSyand Amy Oxley joined tn
Siring a delightful valentine party last Friday
evening at Mips Oxley's home, 2327 Bancroft
way. The house was appropriately, decorated
with hearts and Cupid figures. The game or
hearts helped to pass away the time: and a
eupper was after wird served. The guests were
Mrs. Tyrrell, th<f Misses Belle Mante. Eva
Frame. Edith Orr, Ethel Oxley. Ella Tyrrell,
Ida Turner, Miss Parker, Mlsa_Stewart. Miss
Cornwall, Miss Hoagland, nay, Tond, Christo
pher Webb. Will Turner. Stanley Barnett,
George Oxley^ Johnny Tupper, A.- E. Albee,
Woodward . Martinez, Walter ■ Martinez, Dale
Tyrrell and W. A. Scotchler.
REMORSE MAKES
LIFE A BURDEN
John Anderson Seeks Twice
-to y Drown Sorrows in the
. Cold Waters of the Estuary
LOVE AFFAIR THE CA"DSE
Suicide of Magdalina Fella
Weighs on Youth's 3Iind
and He Plunges Into Bay
Oakland Office San. Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, -Feb. 16.
Remorse over the sad end of pretty
Magdalena Fella, who committed sui
cide a week ago, is the reason assigned
by John Anderson for attempting at
an early hour this morning to commit
suicide by jumping into the bay. He
made two attempts to end his life, but
each time he was rescued from a
watery grave by the night watchman
of the Jessie Madison, a fruit steamer
lying off Adams' wharf.
Since the tragic end of Magdalena
Fella, who was only 17 years of age,
Anderson says he has been driven to
desperation by the accusations of the
dead girl's relatives.
- Chief of Police Hodgkins has direct
ed that the melancholy youth be de
tained at the City Prison for the pres
ent.
. Anderson is a painter and resides
with his parents at the corner of
Twenty-fourth street and Taylor ave
nue.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. 16.— There is a hitch In
the Labor day plans and it will take a tele
gram to President Wheeler, who Is now In the
East, to straighten out the tangle. It seems
that when he went away President Wheeler
told the students that they could draw upon a
certain fund for. any necessary expenses at
tendant upon Labor day. But when Max The
len, president or the Associated Students, went
to lock for the fund the other day he could
not find It. Now he Will have to dispatch a
telegram to President Wheeler and await a
reply. There will be some delay, but It Is not
expected that the whole affair, plans for which
are almost complete, will be blocked.
Miss Flora Frickstad was elected president
of the junior class to-day by the narrow mar
gin or one vote. She received 127 votes and
her opponent. Miss Nellie McCarthy. 12U votes.
The men students gave Miss Frickstad two
more votes than they gave Miss McCarthy, and
the women students Miss McCarthy one more
vote than they did Miss Frickstad. The other
officers elected were: J. M. WOlfsohn. vice
president; D. P. Booth, secretary: J. J- O'Con
nell, treasurer; Miss Florence A. Parker, ser
geant at arms.
J. Gustav, White, editor of the Dally Cali
fornian, has. taken up the cudgels against smok
ing on the university grounds, particularly In
the presence of women. In an editorial this
morning. the editor says: 'There Is some Just
ground for the complaint against the way men
smoke about the campus. Such seems to be a
quite prevalent sentiment among' numerous
women students who read 'our good mother's"
criticism. Laying aside the question as to the
harm — or the good, one. should say — of the ex
cessive emoklng. let us aek another quenllon:
Does It show a lack of. good breeding for men
to smoke in North Hall corridors, when those
corridors are used by women students as much
as men? We ask' for Information."
The building and grounds committee of- the
Board of Regents has* awarded the contract
for the structural steel work upon California
Hall to the American Bridge Company of
New Tork.' The company** bid was $21,250.
It agrees to begin' work as soon as the con
crete foundation Is complete. -
Arrangements have been made by which
students may sell their own handiwork through
the co-operative store. Any articles that they
make will be put on sale at the store and sold
to purchasers. In this way many students will
be able to pay a portion of their living ex
penses.
Fire Department Changes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16. — Several changes
have been made in the drivers of the
fire department because. of the resigna
tion of M. G. Curtis on account of 111
health. Bruno Steinmetz has been ap
pointed permanent driver of the Chest
nut street steam engine. Andrew P.
Nissen has been promoted to be regular
driver of chemical engine No. 2. A. G.
Bray, William H. Bray and George
Woolf have been appointed first, second
and third extra drivers in the order
named.
Japanese Will Lecture.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16.— Kisatsuchi Ko
da, a Japanese graduate of Stanford
University and also of the University
of California, will to-morrow night de
liver an address on the war between
Russia and Japan and the causes that
brought about hostilities. Koda is sec
retary of the Japanese Association of
America and is in close touch with in
fluential persons in his, native land.
Woman Pleads Guilty.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— Mrs. George
Malcolm, a colored woman, pleaded
guilty this morning in Justice Edgar's
court to a charge of selling liquors
without a license. In consideration for
her sex and the fact that it was the
first offense. Justice Edgar suspended
sentence for three months and the
woman was allowed to go.
Ash Wednesday Services.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1C. — The Episco
pal churches of this city will hold ser
vices to-morrow to mark the opening
of the Lenten season. Rev. William
Carson Shaw will conduct services at
the Church of the Advent in East
Oakland and Rev. Ed^ar F. Gee, rec
tor of St. John's Church, will preach
at St. PauVs.
WITNESSES TELL. IIOW THEY
FOUND MISS CIjARK'S BODY
Say Room Was Orderly When Dis
covery That She Had Taken
Her Life Was Made.
At the hearing of the contest of the
will of the late Isabella D. Clark yes
terday in the Probate Court Margaret
Whitlow, Mattie Schmidt, Henry J.
Kessel and Dr. W. H. McNutt were the
witnesses examined. The two first
named testified that they, while em
ployes of the McNutt Hospital, where
Miss Clark committed suicide, found
her Jbody. They said the room was in
a very orderly condition when the dis
covery was made that the patient had
taken her own life. Kessel's testi
mony was to the effect that he, while
employed at the hospital as a man-of
all-work, saw Miss Clark frequently.
He said he took particular notice that
she always had a stare in her eyes and
that she answered his inquiries and
those of other persons with a simple
"yes" or "no."
, Dr. 'McNutt ...was not put on the
stand until late in the afternoon, just
a few minutes before the case was
put over until this morning. He tes-
tlned simply to the location of Miss
Clark's room. : .
Pentecostal Meetings.
The initial meeting of the ten days'
Pentecostal^ services was held In the
Howard Methodist Episcopal Church
before a large congregation last even
ing. Services will be held during the
coming week at 2:30 in the afternoons
and 7:30 evenings.
PLAN CAMPAIGN
FOR THE BONDS
Citizens' Civic Committee
Proposes to* Educate Popu
lace Upon - Needs* of Town
TChVX TRUSTEES TO DECIDE
People Will Vote Separately
Upon the Items in the Pro
posed Issue for Municipality
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Feb. 16. .
Now that the citizens* bond commit
tee has completed its report and taken
steps to present (t to the Board of
Trustees the campaign for the election
of the bonds will begin. Chairman J.
W.' Richards was authorized last night
to appoint an executive committee,
consisting of one committeeman from
each ward, with authority to call
meetings and gather subscriptions to
pay for them.' A campaign of educa
tion will then be waged for at least
a month before the bonding issue
comes to a vote.
It is not expected that the people
will give a two-thirds vote to all of
the items included in the proposed
bonding issue, calling for the expendi
ture'of $317,000. The people will be
permitted to vote upon such things as
they believe necessary for the town
and naturally a number of the items
will be rejected. It is generally con
ceded that the items caliing for $7000
for street improvements, $35,000 for
Fire Department and $125,000 for
schools will carry- Such items as
$10,000 for parks,, $20,000 for manual
training, $45,000 for West Berkeley
wharf and $75,000 for a Town Hall
may be looked upon by the voters as
not altogether necessary just at this
time.
It rests with the Board of Trustees
to say whether an item calling for
$160,000 for sewer reconstruction
shall be inserted in the proposed
bonding issue. As the work could be
done with more facility and less hard
ship upon the taxpayers by the district
plan it is likely that the work will be
done that way. The most telling argu
ment against incorporating it into a
bond Issue is that it would amount to
double taxation for the people of
South Berkeley, who only recently
paid for a sewer for their district.
Victor Robertson of the sub-com
mittee on Fire Department -suggested
a way to do away with the extra cost
of maintenance, while the bonds for
the department were being discussed
last night. His pjan is to purchase
automobile apparatus, so that there
will be no bills for feed, horses and
repairing.
AMATEURS PRODUCE COMEDY
FOR ST rAUL'S BENEFIT
"All the Comforts of Home" Given
In Professional Style at the
Alhambra Theater.
"With a style nnd a vim that would
do credit to a flrst-clasa professional
company, the, members of the Western
Addition Dramatic Club produced Wil
liam Gillette's excruciatingly funny
comedy, "All the Comforts of Home."
before a crowded house at the Al
hambra last evening.
The production was given for the
benefit of St. Paul's bazaftr and was a
profitable entertainment, in that there
was not an empty seat In the house.
During the entire four acts the large
audience was kept in tumultuous
laughter. •
Music was rendered by the forty
two-piece band of the League of the
Cross Cadfits. The cast was as fol
lows:
Chris Pabney, bmken-down music teacher.
Mr. Jones: Judson Langhorne. a young man
of leisure. Mr. Wallace; Fill Orltanskt, from
the Or*ra Comique. illas O'Keefe; Augustus
McRnath, a friend of Pettibone's youth. Mr.
Wallace: Vic Smythe, In love with Emily
Pettlbone. Mr. CVDonnell: Thompson, a shoe
dealer. 'Mr. Bailey: Katy. maid at Pettibone'g,
Miss Roberts: Bailiff, merely a bailiff. Mr.
Kay: Alfred Hastings. Pettlbone'* nephew;
Mr. Denniscn: Tom McDow, a protenre cf Al
fred's, Mr. Leffman: Theodore Bender, a re
tired produce dealer. Mr. DeLasaux; Josephine
Bender, his wife, Mies Sullivan: Evangellne
Bender, their dauchter. Miss Baldwin: Egbert
Pettlbone. a wcullarly jealous man, Mr.
Osllvl**: Ro»a*>ell» Pettlbone, his second wife.
Miss Insjham: Emily Pettibone, Fettibone's
daughter, Mls3 Broderlck.
Attempted Suicide.
Julius Elizalitis, a passenger on the
steamer Umatilla,. attempted to com
mit suicide by stabbing himself in the
heart as the vessel was coming into
port last evening. The emigration of
ficer refused* to allow the man to be
brought ashore and Dr. Miller of the
Emergency Hospital went aboard to
attend him. He says Elizalitis will
probably die.
[-■■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pt| S 0^k % p|$ djfial n(^ man y other painful and serious
HH 11 £1 W0- 1 ii ailments from which most mothers
ITU H § Wm *§y3 su ffer, can be avoided by the use of
B&E£^E!B £1 && EOT "Mfltlllrt Fries!" This great remedy
W*z HP^ iW HI wi s a G°d~ sen cl to women, carrying
E^HIiIeBftri£>3Sr ffl ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses "Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and p- ™ g_ .„ _
woman, and will be sent free in plain |p $&&l CT E&n g^
envelope by addressing application to Ip j| g| || gjj W$n SHB
Brad Held Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. g 08 B tfc 0^ ilJI
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
BlaU Tills Order to "Tha Saa mnclsco Call Wit>. 75c
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fif'y
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib- .
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping chare es.)
":>;■ siGNEr :
STREET .<..... ............*..]
city ] !!!!!!!! "*******
state '..."!"";;*!'!""! "". *""""!
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL W
ALAMEDA COUNT!
OAKI/AXD.
111S Bron thvny.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
21-1S Center Street.
Telephone North 7".
ALufcMEDA.
1435 Park Street-
Telephone Baffle 503. '
WORKMEN FIND
POT OF GOLD
Rusty Tomato Can, Dislodged
From Foundation of House,
Yields $1500 in Yellow Coin
DIVIDED AMONG THKEE
Some One Remembers That
' the Strncture Was One Time
Inhabited by an Aged Miser
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Feb.- 18.
A mass of bright $20 gold pieces pour
ing from an old rusty tomato can
which had been dislodged from beneath
the foundation of a house that was
being raised was the sight which greet
ed the astonished gaze of three work
men In the employ of Housemover
Walter Suell this morning while they
were at work on a Bouse located at
1420 Eleventh street, which is owned
by John Pateus.
The Instant that the men realized
that it was not a fancy, but that the
coin was actually before them, there
was a wild scramble for the gold, and
the housemovers fairly fell over each
other in their efforts to secure a share
of the money. When all the gold in
sight had been recovered the work
men compared notes and it was found
that the can had contained $1500. How
much each of the men got is not
known.
John Pateus, the present owner of
the house, recently purchased the lot
and -building from James Qulnlan and
knows nothing of how the money came
to be hidden where it was found. He
says that as the men found it he is
not going to bother them, as he ha3
lost nothing. The house is occupied by
H. R. Dill, who has only lived there
a short time and knows nothing of the
previous owners.
James Quinlan. who formerly owned
the house, is an ex-police officer of this
city. He could not be found to-day,
but some of the neighbors say that
before he bought the house it was
owned by an old man named King,
who was of miserly habits, although
he was reported to be wealthy, and it
is supposed that, fearing to trust his
money in the bank, ha concealed it
beneath the house and &a he was-~very
old forgot it when he left. The truth
of the matter will probably never be
known, as no one knows what has be
come of King, but It is thought he is
dead.
It matters little -who hid the canful
of gold, as the workmen who dug. It
up are probably the only ones who
will receive, any benefit fron. the
hoarded wealth.
SIGHTLESS BOY DEBATERS
CHALLENGE THE JUNIORS
Intrepid Youths of the State Blind
Institute Will Meet Oakland High
School Students.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16. — Undeterred
by their affliction, the blind boys de
bating society of the State Institute
for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind has challenged the Junior De
bating Society of the Oakland High
School to a duel of words on the ros
trum and the challenge has been
accepted. The contest will be fought
on April 23 in the assembly hall of
the Oakland High School. The pre
liminaries were partly settled to-day
at a meeting of committees represent
ing the contestants. It was decided
that the Oakland debaters must sub
mit the Question not later than Feb
ruary 19 and on February 2S the
blind debaters must select the side of
the question they will defend.
Neither side has yet selected the
debaters who will represent it. The
blind boys will have a try-out some
time this week to decide the person
nel of the team.BRILLIANT THRONG OF MERRY MASKERS ENJOYS SPLENDORS OF MARDI GRAS
Glitterinp Decora
tions Charm the
Eye.
Mimic Royalty Re
ceives Its Due
Homage.
The Mardi Gras of 1904 has passed
into history, and it will stand out
among its fellows as the smartest ex
travaganza that smart San Francisco
has ever gaped at.
When in the history of the Temple
on the Hill was it ever robed bo gor
geously, or bejeweled so prodigally?
The house gallery— the shrine of the
acblest art we know — was studded with
sepphire, emerald and ruby lights;
Turkish rugs that bore the breath of
perfumed harems hung from the walls
between the pictures, and garlands,
pr^en and fragrant, hung from the
noble arches. From the center of the
dome hung a huge ball of gold, and
upon it hovered queerish things of the
t-crth and of the sea — butterflies and
poppies, lizards and creepy things —
things that belong to Hobgoblin land.
The Maple room, in which the grand
march fell into form, was alluring as
a woodland glen with ferns and palms
and pink begonias. Here Bacchante,
Earland-wound. smiled a seductive
smile to the motley crowd, as it surged
toward the Searles gallery — the Mecca
of the merry maskers.
In the gallery, under a canopy of
violet and gold, begemmed with count-
Ws lanterns — red and yellow — its walls
of foliage studded with huge red pop
pies of Munchausen growth, hen?, ah,
here, was the picture — a picture that
lurks in the mind as a passing pageant
of the world's strange peoples.
There! the lights go down. The
trumpet blows a gladsome note, and
Henry Heyman raises his little stick.
The ball is on! Behold, the rainbow is
loosed from somewhere In the gallery,
when streams of ruby light, then green,
then violet, fall upon the moving
figures, grave and gay — mostly gay—
f"r even the monks were unseemly gay.
and then the dance — the swerving,
swirling dance — was on.
The Egyptian pageant, with its
mighty Pharaoh at its head— (what a
stunning king Newton J. Tharp really
would make) and its beauteous god
do?.«. Isis. she who feeds the sacred
stork? — that was the feature of distinc
1 ion. Isis was portrayed by Miss Klaine
'-ioodrich of Jx>s Angeles, who, be it
known, sat goddess-like on her gilded
throre, while yet it lay upon a trem
bling basi?; the bearers of the fajr Isis.
however, bore her safely to her sacred
1 1; rone — and with no bones broken —
where she proceeded to hold high court
with her devotc-d subjects.
Egypt Lives Again
ar)d Iris Is pair
For a tim<» Egypt lived again. The
sob of the Nile was near, but silently
','ortrayed in oils. But her men and
maidens, how brave they were, and
how fair!
Isis, the lovely goddess, far out
shone her lesser sisters, they who
were not born of the fuii; but when
Fhe had stepped from her dais then
it was that her rivals closed in around
her and her glory became one with
theirs.
Mrs. Peter Martin undoubtedly was
thr> regnant daughter of the Xile. Who
will forget those luxuriant braids en
twined with pearls that framed her
laJr face?
As for the king, Pharoah I — to-day
)i|HJn Newton J. Tharp — his splenflid
lobe befitted his rank; but some un
imaginative scamp was heard to re
mark that the king's headpiece was
built like a stein, which remark made
the king and his courtiers very thirsty.
Miss Ethel Hager burst upon the
startled vision of the onlookers in a
black gauzy gown of a toe dancer,
which, by the way. she is in truth, and
made one of the sensations*of a sensa
tional night.
The splendor of the Egyptian pa
grant was due largely to the indefat
igable efforts of Captain Fletcher, A.
Altmann, president of the .Student's
Association of the School of Design:
Jiobert Sprague. Mr. Duncan. Mr. Tur
ner. Mr. Cummings, Mr. Xahl, Miss
McElroy, Miss Mount and hosts of
other artist workers.
The decorations, so marvelouslv
well planned, were in sole charge of
John M. Gamble and Harry W. Sea
well.
Gay Parties pill
the Several Boxes
The boxes were gay with stunning
women and their men folk when the
bugle sounded the note for the dance.
The following named had boxes, in
which they entertained many friends:
Searles gallery— James L. Flood, M.
H. de Young, William Babcock, Mrs.
Rudolph Spreckel?, James D. Phelan,
Horace P. Hussey, Joseph D. Grant,
Willis E. Davis, Mrs. Frank J. Sulli
van, E. J. de Sabla, Major J. A. Dar
ling and George H. I>nt.
In the house gallery— W. J. Dutton
W. B. Tubbs, A. M. Shields. Mrs. Buck
Mr. Chanslcr. Roth well Hyde, Mrs!
<;eorge B. McAneny, E. Mejia, C. de
Guigne.
. Prominent also among the box par
ties were those of Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why
1 1.. nt you ;rive your heart the same
dhance you do the other organs?
Why? BrcauKo when any other organ
v in trouble it refuses to work, and you
tastes to repair it.
The heart, the ever faithful servant.
uecer refuses as lone as It has power to
:novc but continues to do the best it
'•-in. setting: weaker and weaker, until
it is past repair, and then stops. It is
just as sick as the othr ; r organs, but be-
.•ause it will work you let it.
However, it's not too late for a
"change of heart," so remember
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
v ill teivo the heart strength and vitality
Jo overcome Dizziness, Palpitation, Short
Jiroath. Faint Spells, Pains in Heart
and Hide, and all other Heart aches and
difficulties.
"My heart would ache and palpitate
icrriblj', and a.t iimos I could hardly
breathe. I>r. iliies' Heart Cure has
rostor«-d m* to perfect health, and I am
very grateful." —
MISS EMMA J. BARTON,
Xo. ] Sill St.. Watcrtown. N. T.
The first bottle will benefit, if not the
Aruseist will return your monej.
Mrs. M. H. de Young and Mrs. Frank
Carolan.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee. with a large
party, all of whom had dined with her,
came in late, but In ample time to
share largely in and contribute to the
passing fun.
Handsoroe Costumes
Dazzle Spectators
Following are some of the more not
able costumes:
Misi Alto Low — White dotted chiffon gown.
Mrs. Robert H. Fletcher — Black lace, span
gled with black chiffon.
Mrs. A. A. Bennett — Pink net and chiffon.
Miss Donnie Louise Tilde— Pink Bilk gown.
Mrs. A. Marquis— As Ah Lin, the Bohemian
girl.
Mn. L. B. BaJdwin— White net over blu«
taffet*, appliqued In lace cpanglea.
Mrs. II. P. Sage — Algt-rlan girl — Salmon pink
eilk with green chiffon trousers and sleeves.
Miss Dodge — White Filk gown.
Mrs. E. G. Hodgson — White lace over chif
fon.
Mrs. F. Deering — Red balloon girl.
Mrs. Russell Cool— A miniature, white chif
fon embroidered in blue over brown taffeta.
Miss May Ayers — Ready Money — Green vel
vet; necklace of coins, big silver dollars and
dangling coins, rosettes of greenbacks and bag
of coin: distributed checks all evening.
Mrs. Thomas Benton Darragh — Colonial lady
with powdered hair.
Miss Vesarla — Turkish bride — Genuine cos
tume, blue brocaded silk embroidered in gold.
Mrs. Newton J..Tharn — Flower girl.
Mrs. Richard Derby — Pink moire- with
chiffon and fpangles.
Mrs. R. F. Nicholson — White lace over chif
fon.
Mi*s Lucy Coleman — Ace of clubs.
Mrs. George Rlcdell — Butterfly — Yellow
gauze, black butterflies' wings of black gauze.
Ml*s Edith ii. Smith— Pink domino. (
Miss Nellie Ehechan — Blue domino.
Mrs. H. G. Angellottl— Plcrette.
Mr*. Harper A. Smith — Chinese girl.
"A Mack of Eight" — Four Parisian dandles
PERSOXAL.
Rev. Andrew Spetz of Chicago Is at
the Grand.
Dr. G. B. Hoag of Pasadena is at
the Occidental.
Dr. B. J. Freshman of Amador City
is at the Palace.
A. R. Sprague, a fruit man of Sac
ramento, is at the Palace.
Robert D. Grant, a capitalist of Salt
Lake City, Is at the Palace.
Frank Mattison. an attorney of
Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
Colonel E. A. Forbes, an attorney
of Marysville, is at the Grand.
B. C. Ivins, Sheriff of San Luis
Obispo County, is at the Grand.
State Senator O. F. Go'ddard of Bill
ings, Mont., is staying at the Palace.
- A. P. Booth, a prominent merchant
of Sacramento, is staying at the Lick.
Bank Commissioner John Markley
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 190*.
with four Parisian ladies — Poetry. Scripture.
Music and Painting — John Gamble. Royden
Williamson of New York. Dr. Struncky, Mr.
Mctt: MlM Ktrunsky. Miss Wilson, Mrs. Bor
den. Miss Llewellyn Jones.
Mrs. M. S. Bacr — White net, silver spangles.
Mrs. W. B. C. Brown — Black" brocade over
pink taffeta.
Mrs. E. C Horst — White embroidered satin.
Mr?. William Hendrlckson Jr. — White net
with nilver and opalescent spangles.
Mr«. G. B. McAneny — Lace gown.
MlM J. Blair — Marie Antoinette — White
mi in. ••
Mrs. Julia Cunningham — White panne crepe
with chiffon: diamonds.
Mips Charlotte i.rjnib — Embroidered blue
crepo de chine.
Miss Helen Pottigrew— Egyptian girl.
Miss Lily Caliahan — A court lady.
' Miss Edith Manning — Poppy girl — Pink satin
with,- white net spangled overdress and pink
popples.
Misn Anna F. Brlggi» — Spring — Pale green
orgnndie with lilies of the valley.
Miss M. O'Callaghan— Pale green crepe
gown.
Mrs. J. B. Coryell — Pink crepe with white
lace.
Miss Mayp Colburn — The Columbia girl in
"Palache."
Ml«s Jane Swefgert — "America."
Mrs. R. B. IngTam— Filipino girl— White
satin embroidered.
Miss Grace Thompson— Dolly Varden.
Miss Edna Hannlgan— "Folly" — Pink and
green satin, with silver bells.
Mrs. Fred Klmball — White net, silver span
glr* with black velvet.
Mrs. J. A. Chanslor— White dotted net with
white lace
Mrs. A. P. Berry — "The Army."
Mrs. John Martin — Elegant black lace
gown.
Mrs. W. II Irwin — A telephone.
Mrs. C, H. Noble — A Chinese girl.
Miss Pearl Landers— Scotch gfrl.
Miss C. de Young — Shepherdess.
Mr* Gaston Ashe — Carmen,
Mre! Miller — Hearts — Black net gown with
retl ht arts'.
Mlrs Ethel Cooley — Colonial girl.
Mrs. Redmond Payne — The old fashioned
girl.
Miss Bessie Wilson— A French poster,
Mrs W. H. Deming— Dolly Varden.
Maylita Fease— Blue silk domino.
Mrs. William Henrichson— Parisian gown of
is down from Geyserville and register
ed at the Lick.
C. G. H. McBride, the well-known
cattleman of San Jose, and wife are
registered at the Palace.
S.' X. Griffith,, who is connected with
several electric enterprises in Fresno,
arrived at the Lick yesterday.
John Forbes, leading counsel for the
Boston and Montana Copper Company
of Butte, is registered at the Palace.
Peter C. R. Lund, chief train agent
of the Southern Pacific Company,
leaves for Portland to-day on business
connected with the railroad.
Ahead of the . Game. — "They may
abuse Wall street all they please," said
the Philadelphia man, "but I came out
$700 ahead the last time I was there."
"How. did you do it?" asked ' his
friend.
"Left the money at home," replied
the wise Quaker.— Chicago News.
BRIL.L.IAXT SCENE IN THE MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART LAST NIGHT DURING THE BRIEF BUT
HAPPY REIG^ OF HIS SPECTACULAR MAJESTY FROM NOWHERE. WHOSE SUBJECTS. 'DRESSED IX
FANTASTIC GARB, CROWDED THE GORGEOUS COURT TO PAY HIM HOMAGE.
whit© chiffon.
Misa Fanny Brown — Blue silk domino.
Mrs. J A. Code — White Persian silk.
Miss Alice Sullivan— Pink silk domino.
Mr.<, Ryland Wallace — White hrotaded satin.
MIhs Frances Harris — Andaluslan dancing
Kirl.
Misa D. Knierson — "Sadin girl."
Miss Helen de Youns — Shepherdess.
Mil's Kthel Haj?er — Dancips plrl In black.
Mrs. Fred Davis — A red carnation.
Mr?. Lester K. Wells — Sailor girl.
Mrs. Sullivan — Kxquisite white chiffon and
lace robe with pearls.
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.— Uusslan girl.
Mrs. H. D. Pillsbury — Brown velvet gown
with gold braid.
Mi.-s M. AVells— The Pirate's Daughter— Red
silk gown with sword and pistol.
Mrs. KdKur Keithley — A Chinese girl.
M:.<d Belle Lathrop — Sailor girl.
Mrs. Carrie Friedlander — White panne crepe
gown.
Mrs. AV. B. Wightman— Chinese girl.
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt — Black velvet gown.
Misg Eidcnmuller— White net over pink taf
fpta
Miss I-ily Spreckels — A sprite.
Mrs. Walter McGee — Blue brocaded gown.
Miss Charlotte Butler — Egyptian Princess.
' Miss KlUabcth Ferrea — KKjptian girl.
Mi»s Klla Rosenberg— Egyptian girl.
Mrs. E. Bushnell-r-Egyptian girl.
Miss Sarah Mount— Egyptian girl.
Miss Itosa Murdoch— Egyptian girl.
Mrs. J. B. Coryell — Pink chiffon gown.
Mrs. He!*n Hccht — Black lace with Jet.
Miss Kirkham— La Tosca.
Miss Lilllenthal — Black and Tvhlt« net gown.
Mrs. Fred McNear— French poster In yellow.
Mrs. Lewi* Pierce— Black lace, spangled.
Miss Marie Tongue. I'oreland, Or. — Martha
Washington.
Mrs. E. H. Palmer — White embroidered
chiffon over green.
Mrs. Htnry Macondray— Red poster.
Mrs. Mark Gerstle — White net glitter.
Miss Teabell Brewer — Gypsy fortune teller.
Mrs. P. Carolan — Egyptian.
Miss J. Smith of Philadelphia — Blue allk
chiffon. •
Miss Charlotte Lally — Peggy from Paris.
Miss Norma Castle— Peggy from Parla.
Mrs. KoshlMd— Black glitter gown.
Mrs I. N. Walter— Black glitter gown.
Mrs. C. R. Walter— Black glitter gown.
Mrs. Peter Martin, in a gorgeous Egyptian
costume, heavily jeweled. with her heavy
braids — undeniably her own — Intertwined with
dainty pearls. From her hair she wore a
spangled veil with Jewels on the ears.
Mrs. M. II. de Youns — Kxquisite blue bro
cad<> eatln gown with diamond tiara and pearl
necklace.
MIm Q. Llewllyn Jonrs— Poetry.
Ml» A. Strunsky — Literature.
Miss Marie Wilson— Sculptor. vi .
Mrs. Sheldon Borden — Music.
Royden Williamson, E. J. Mott, J. M. Gam
ble and Dr. Strunsky — French dandies. ■
Walter Martin — Hunting costume.
Robert M. Eyre— A ruffe. ,
Samuel Knight— Chinese Mandarin.
Dr Johnstone — Chinese Mandarin.
W. F. Lemman— King Dodo.
Dr. Shiel?— A meaico.
M. L. Gerstle — Black domino.
LAST SEASON'S.
DEBUTANTE THE
LATEST BRIDE
One of the prettiest weddings of the
season took place at noon- yesterday,
when Miss Elsa Cook, daughter of Mrs.
Klisha Cook, i became the bride of
Charles Edward Greenfield. The cere
mony took* ■ place " at St. Stephen's
Church, which was dressed "in festal
garb for the happy event.
Mrs. Greenfield, who was one of the
last season's most stunning debutantes,
was attended by Miss Maraquita Ktrby,
Miss Bessie" Gowan . and Miss Helen
Cook, the latter serving as maid' of
honor, all of whom wore clinging gowns
of chiffon .'cloth, with exquisite lace
yokes and . cUitfon velvet girdles. * In
. George Swift — Cowboy.
Captain Johnson — United States army uni
form.
E. M. Greenway — Court costume.
Colonel C, H. Noble — Pink domino.
Frank P. . Reering — Benedictine monk.
K. de Peru — Count of Monte Cristo.
VV. T. Bowers— Spanish cavalier, in purple
velvet. •
Peter Martin— Crimson hunting costume.
Judge l^awlor — Longshoreman.
Mrs. Walter Martin and Mrs. Will Taylor —
Girls from "When Johnnie- Cornea Marching
Home." IStiO costumes. . • . ■ .
Mrs. Worthington Ames — Yellow silk with
white lace.. . ... . ■
Miss Chabot— Sailor girl.
Mrs. Dieckman— Sailor girl.
Miss Lucile Pa^e — Egyptian girl.
Miss E. Sprrry — Shepherdess.
Miss K. Mullen — White lace gown.
Miss 15. Bailey — Black satin domino.
Jlrs. 12. K. Johnson — White lace cown.
Miss M. Steele— White lace gov.n.
Mrs. Tom Williams — Pink net, spangled.
Mrs. E.- Steels — Black lace gown.
Mrs. D. Watson — Black silk gown.
Miss Tisdale— White crepe gown.
Mi.«s H. Bailey— White lace over chiffon.
Mrs. C R. Krantloff— Filipino girl.
. Mrs. Fred Marsh — Night.
Mrs. Jack Spreckels — Exquisite Russian
Mrs. G. L. Riddle— Butterfly.
Miss Willis Davis— White slltf gown.
MUs Grace Cook — Shakesorarcan coctume.
Miss Charles Alexander— French maid.
Miss OlKa Atherton — Dolly Vardcn.
Mrs. Motntford Wilson — White lace robe.
Mrs. G. H. Lent— Black lace.
Tracy Clemens — Original costume entitled
nondescript.
Earl CummlnKS— Toreador In brilliant cos
tume of crimson. velvet and cold.
E. H. Heager— Klnj: Dodo, costume of yel
lov. r satin and crimson velvet.
Theodora Keene— Cowboy In leather
breeches, blue shirt, lariat and alouch hat
Aldred Robinson and Georce Lent — Dressed
alike as French ccok.o In costumes of white
duck coats, white duck hats and black and
white pie Id trousers.
: L. A. SteiKer — Brilliant satin costume rep
resenting MephlstopheUs. ■ • ■ ■
Tbose Who Attended
tbe Merry Gatheriog
Those present we're:
• Mr. Alvord, .Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Angellottl
Miss Olga Atherton, - Dr. H. E. Aldeisan'
Aaron Altmann, Mrs. Alexander, Mrs. Mary
A. Ayers, Mr. and Mrs. Worthlngton Ames*.
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Mr. Bowie
Thomas Lv Eennett, Miss Melita Bennell. Miss
Lucretla Burnham. Miss ' Fannie Brown, . D.
H. Bibb. Mrs. A. M. Buck. Captain and Mrs"
H. A. Barber, (J.' S. A.; Miss Butler, R..g!
Bocqueraz, I-epn Bocqueraz. Gratz .K. Brown,
Mrs. James W. 'Byrne. Captain and Mrs. A.
r. Berry, U. S. A.: Mrs. Barraclough: MiS3
Florence Bailey: Mr. and Mrs. , Babcock,
Thomas . C. Berry, W. F. Bowers. Mr. and
their arms they bore' shower bouquets
of maidenhair fern. This symphony of
white and green was borne out In the
hats— which were dainty affairs of
white lace, laden with green leaves. •
;: The bride was regal in' her. wedding
robe I of chiffon crepe, trimmed with
exquisite lace: from a coronet of lilies
of the valley was suspended a veil of
filmy tulle.
Mr. Greenfield, was attended by J. C.
Beedy.
After a postnuptial', trip of three
weeks down south Mr. and Mrs..Green T
field" will set up" their household' gods
in a charming apartment at 1025 Steiner
street. ..••..■.■;.-■,.-. • : ■ ■ :'
Miss Margaret .Tay, : the beautiful
daughter of Mrs. Helen Tay. yesterday
became "the bride of Judge Frederick
W. . Henshaw, Justice of the Supreme
Court. Judge . McFarland, also of the
Supreme Court, performed the .cere
mony. - - • . - •" •
The affair, was exceptionally- quiet,
the* bridef plighting her vows without
Mrs. William Bencuiat. Major and Mrs. John
Bigelow. U. S. A.: Miss C. Butler, Mrs. Bush
nell, Mif9 Nellie Beall. Miss Bertha Boyc.
Thomas J. Harbour, Robert B. Bean Jr., Mrs.
fa'amuel Bean, Miss Jennie Bean, WiUard Bar
ton. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Bennett. Mr?.
L. B. Baldwin, Mr. and Mrs. Miles Th. Baird.
David Bush. Edward Boland, Mrs. Shel
don Ilorden, Antoine Borel, Miss Sophie
Borel. Miss Alice Borel. Louis- Borel. Mrs.
W. B. C. Brown. Mr?. W. H. Baldwin. Miss
Eleanor Baldwin. Mias H. - Bailey, Edward
A. Bullis. Miss Laura de R. Berry. Miss An
nie Frances Briggs, N. J. Brittan. Louis
Bovet, Mr?. Samuel Buckbee, Miss Laura
Bates. W. 8. Blair.
Mrs. R. II. 'Case. Mrs. Francis J. Carolan.
Elma Cox. II. B. Chase. Morton L. CooU, Mr.
and Mrs. Warren D. Clark. Mr. and Mrs.
James A. Code. Ml.«a Ethel t.'ooley. Mr. and
Mrs.. J. A. Cha-.*lor. Mfss Norma L. Castle,
J. A Chase, Mrs. Julia Cunningham. Miss
Chabot. T. Cummings, J. L. Cunningham, Miss
May Colburn, Earl Cummings, Miss Rose
Campbell, Miss Grace Cook, Barry Coleman,
Mi«ses Coleman, George Kellogg Claxton. Mrs.
L. E. Caliahan. A. Cotting. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Child?, Mr. Curtis, Miss Marlon A. Curtis.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Coryell, Edward Cebrlan,
Camilla Clere. Miss Carolan. Mrs. G. W. Case
well.
Mrs. nichard IHrby, Miss Newell
Drown. Miss Helen Dean. Mr. and Mrs. M.
H tie Ycung. Miss Helen rte Young. Miss Con
stance de Younff, Mr. and Mrs. Willis Davis.
Mrs C. de Gulgnc. Miss tie Guigne, Miss C. de
Ouigne, Mr. and Mrs. W. II. Demlng. Frank
('. Dutton. Miss Gertrude Dutton. Miss Ethel
W. Dean. W. J. Dutton, Mrs. Dutton, Mr. and
Mrs. J. D. Dieckmann. Dr. and Mrs. J. P. II.
Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. Harry S. Dana. Mrs. Da
vis, Mr and Mrs. K. J. de Sabla, George Dan
nenberg R. McKel Duperu, Major and Mrs.
John A.' Darling, U. S. A.: Dr. J. D. da Cheau
treau Mrs. L. L.. Dorr. Miss Elsie Dorr.
George M. Dodge, Mabel Dodge, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank P. Deerlng, William Denman, J. X.
"perrv Evans. Perry Eyre. Miss M. Emer
son. Robert M. Eyre, Edith Noble. Miss Elden-
m Mr" and Mrs. James I* Flood. Clarence G.
FoMls Mr and Mrs. Charles W. Fay. Mr. and
Mrs 'T Cary Friedlander, Mr. and Mrs.
Claries Fcrd Mrs. William Finch. Miss E.
Ferre" George Russell Field. Dr. J. D. Fair.
Mr. and Mrs. William Fries. Christian Froe-
UC a" w Goodfellow. Miss Marian Goodfellow.
John M. Gamble. Miss Dorothy Getting.
Joseph Grcenbaum. Miss GoodrlA. Edward
\t fireenway W. P. Goad. Mr. and Mrs.
Mark I Gcrstle, C. W. Greene. Donald de V.
Graham. Mr and Mrs. J. D. Grant. Mrs Gas
ccsne, MIjs E. E. Gregory, Caotaln Gage.
E M I^s < Zlta n iIastIngs. Miss Herrlck. Mrs. Ho
race J. Hill. Horace Hill. Howe P. Hus
'„. Miss Hussey. Mr. and Mrs. Greer Harri
on! Z Alice Hager. Miss Ethyl llager. E
B Haldan Mr?. C\F. D. Hasting. Miss Ethel
Hastings. Henry H. Hedger: Lieutenant John
I owland. U. S. A.: Miss Harrison Mr. and
Mr™ William . Hendrlckson Jr.. Mis. Leo a
Hall, Henry Heyrr.an, Josiah R. HoweM.
William Hubacek. Mrs. Harrington, Mr*. Har
rlgan Mrs. Emma Shafts Howard. Charles
attendants or without guests— only the
immediate relatives of the happy pair
being present.
Immediately after the ceremony the
Justice and his bride left for the south,
where they will remain for a few weeks.
Koofs Slate Clean.
The new "War Secretary will find
that Secretary Root has brought the
business of the department well up
to the moment of his retirement. The
closing weeks of Mr. Root's adminis
tration were devoted to settling all an
noying questions which had accumu
lated during his absence as a member
of the Alaskan Boundary Commission,
and he passes a clean slate over to his
successor. The new Secretary, for the
time at any rate, will follow closely
the steps of the old, upon whose ex
perienced unofficial co-operation he
will greatly rely.— New York Globe.
Trumpet's Golden
Note Opens
Revefry.
Affair Among the
Most Success
fufHeld.
W. Howard. Mr. Hodgson, A. C. Hellman,
Miss Harris. Mrs. Hurlburt. Mrs. Helen Hci hi.
Mr. anti Mrs. E. Clcmcna Horst, Ht. and Mrs.
J. C. Hamilton, Miss Gertrude ilyile-£milli.
Miss S. F. Harris. Mrs. Hinser.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Irwin, Captain and Mrs. R.
E. Ingram, Mr. and Mrs. W. Irwin.
Dr. and Mrs. E. K. Johnston, Mrs. Johnson
of Los Angele*; Captain F. E. John^n. V. S.
A.; C. W. Jones. Mrs. C. W. Jones, Paul
Jones.
Paul Kosakevitch. Mr. and Mrs. Krcd W.
Kimblf, Miss Kimbie. M;s.s Lucille King. Mr.
and Mrs. Austin D. King. E. G. Knapp. Tlico.
dore F. Keane, Lieutenant Joseph Kuynik.
Percy L. King. Mr. and Mrs. 9. d. KeliogK;
Major and Mrs. C. R. Krauthoff, L'. S. A.; it.
II. Kirk, Mrs. George Knight. Miss Cura Kirk.
Mrs. Frank Kins. Mrs. E. KfithU-y.
Miss Lisdale. Miss Pearl Landers. Miss C.
Sally, Mrs. Otorge Lindsay, Georgo Lewis.
Judge William P. Lawlor, ilrs. CJ. L. Lansing.
W. H. Landers, Miss Ro*a F. Lewis, Mrs.
Leib, Lieutenant V. C. Lewis, Miss Charlotte
Umb, Paul Loty, Miss I^ubrl I^athrot--,
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. I>«igh. Mrs. F W. Lees.
William F. Ltmman. Mr. «n<i Mrs. Leigh Lai
zelere. Miss Alba Low, John W. Liiwaon. Mrs.
Charlotte Jones Llewellyn, lAlsa Grace Juned
Llewellyn. Mr. and Mrs.-G. II. Lent. Thco. si.
Lawlor, Mrs. Lathrcp, L. P. Lattmer.
Miss Maxwell. Mrs. Walter McGinn, Mi:-s
Flotence Miller. Miss Edna Middltton, L. B.
Mizner, II. J. M.i.-tw.-li. Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Alagec. Miss Mary llogan, Hr. i»n«l Airt. i-vi« r
Martin. Mrs. N. T. Messer. Frederick 11.
Meyer. Miss M. de Neale Morgan. Miss M.
Michener, Miss Jane R. McElroy. Miss SdMh
F. Mount. Miss Kosa Murdock. Latham Uc<
Mullin, Mrs. Charles Mayer, Miws Hilda
Mayer, Mrs. Alberta Marquis. Mr. «nd Mn.
Walter S. Martin, Mrs. Henry Macon.liay.
Mrs. George B. McAmeny. Mrs. L. B. Mar
tick, Mrs, Ethel I. Maron. Mrs. Juliet J.
Meyers, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magce Jr.. Mr.
and Mrs. G. II. Mcndell Jr.. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt, Mi*s Klurtnt*
Mullen, Miss Jane R. McElroy, Miss Helen
McElroy. Miss Emma Mi.-Elroy, Mrs. Jean J.
McKinlay, Or. ar.U Mrs. Beveriy atacmunasl--.
Mr. and Mrs. Moody. Miss Maynard. S. G.
Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. John Martin. Mr. an-l
Mrs. E. Mejia. J. N. Mejia, Mils Florence
Marinovich, E. J. Mott, Mr. ana Mrs. F. W.
McNear, J. A. McNear, Miss E. Martin.
Miss E. Norris; Colonel and Mrs. C. H. No
ble. L*. S. A.; Captain and Mrs. .Nicholson, U.
S. N.; P. Nahi. Miss New ha 11.
Lieutenant and Mrs. J. S. Oyster. Mr. anil
Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Miss Iva Otto. Thomas
O'Callaghan. Miss Florenc-e O'Callaehan. Misa
Annie O'Callashan. Hermann Oelrichs. •
Miss Emily Park. Mrs. Ernest II. Palmer.
II. C. Pendleton, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Pond.
Mr. and Mrs. George Perine, James D. PIr
lan. Miss Phelan, Horace G. Platt, Mr. ami
Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury. Lieutenant anil
Mrs. William Patereon. U. S. A.; 5Ir. anU
Mrs. Lewis Pierce. Mrs. E. II. Palmor. Mr.
and Mrs. C E. Parcclls. Dr. and Mrs. Itetl
mond W. Payne, Misa Maylita Pease. Miss I.
Percy, Miss Lucill Page. Misa Eleanor Plaw.
E. D. Peixotto. Orrin Peck. Dr. Hal. C. Pct»-.c.
Miss Helen Pettisrew. Percy L. Pettiqrew.
Mrs. Phillips-Wynne. E. H. Pea body. Pluliy
Pischel, W. D. Page. Mis3 Laura Prather.
Major Rathbone, Misa Roheffs; Colonel John
B. Rodman. U. S. A.; Gaston E. Roussy. Mi.vs
Charlotte Hussell. Mato It, liaah>?; Lieutenant
H. H. Rousseau, U. S. N.; Miss J. II. Ros
seter. F. lieis Jr., Lieutenant Rockwell. V.
A.: Mrs. James A. Robinson. A. P. Robinson,
Mrs. Rosenberg. Mrs. Jane Rooiiey, J M.
Reid. Mrs. Harry Rittner. Miss Roberts. Misa
Emily Rosenstein, Captain Rodgers. G. L.
Rathbone. M. Robbina, J. li. Richardson.
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.. Frank J Sul
livan. Mrs. John Strickland. Mrs. Harry
Shieln. Colonel Charles Sonntas. Miss Blanche
Speddy. Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Shepard, Mias
Shepard, I^iuij SIoss. Dr. Max Strunsky. Misa
Annie Stmnsky. Misa Josephine Bartlctt
Smith, Miss Sabin. Miss Irene Sabin, Mr3. E.
U G. Steele, E. L. G. Steele Jr.. Miss Steel..-.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Sewall. Mr. and Mrs. v.
M. Shield?. Miss Jane C SwigRrt. Harold Ed
ward Smith. Mrs. A. E. Sherman Mrs. Eliza
beth Strong 1 . Dr. and Mrs. GeorK** K. Shields.
Harold Llchal, Milton Sprague. Miss Winifrfil
Spatelcr, Harry N. Stetson; Lieutenant l>>!eh
Sypher. U. S. A.; Sidney J. Salisbury. Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Lillie Spreckels. Mr.
and Mrs. Harper A. Smith. Miss H»len Fhaftr-r.
Whitman Syramw, Harry W. Semwett, Mrs.
Sa^e. T. Shorb. Dr. and Mrs. J. Weston BM«i,
Sidney Sherman. Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Sul
livan. Miss Alice Sullivan, Mrs. Sperry. kltsa
Sperrj'. Mrs. Sewell. Mr. and Mrs. fluclolrli
Spreckels. W. B. Sanborn. W. I?. Smith.
Mr. Twijrgs, Jlr. and Mrs. W. B. Tuhb.-.
Mr. and Mn«. W. H. Taylor Jr., Miss C,ct
trude Tongue. Misa Francos Thompson, Mi? 1 ?
Grace Thompson. Mrs. A. C. Tuhhs. Mi.^s
Tallant. Clement Tobin. Mr. and Mrs. New
ton J. Tharp. George W. Turner. Mrs. A. I*
Taylor. Philip W. Tompkins. Mi.ss E. II.
Tompkins. Miss I). L. Tort.l, Mi.os .NVIlle I..
Treat. Charles L. Turner. Robert Talmio.
Miss Triber, Miss Polly Tongue.
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Umbsen. Henry P.
L'mbsen.
E. J. Vocel. Dr. II. D. von der Lieth. Mi?3
Emma Van Winkle, Miss Lillian Verana. Mi.*s
Nellie Vanes. Miss Marie Ver Niehr.
Miss Emily AVllson. .\. B. Watson. Tjous-
Ias Watson. Charles P. Week*. W. Williams.
Miss Williams. Mrs. Wilbur. Mrs. Virgil Wil
liams. Captain Parker W. West. 1". S. A.:
Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Wilson. Lieutenant
Charles L. Woodhouse. Harry Wilkin:?. Mrs.
Harry Wilkins. Miss Bessie Wilson. Mr. and
Mrs. Lester Wells, Miss Marie Wi!?on. Mrs.
Wells. Miss B. M. Weston. Mrs. Anna Law
lor Wells. Royden Williamson. Mrs. HyluntJ
Wallace. Miss Marie Wells, Miss Wcishtman.
Miss Winifred Yelland.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Zeilo. J-hn
Zeile. Mis* Zant.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Kidney Trouble
WHEN* BECOMES CHRONIC AND
SERIOL'S; up to the discovery of
Fulton's Compounds the kidneys were
very little Influenced by medicines. This
is susceptible of proof. Let us explain:
Kidney diseases may be divided into two
great classes, viz.. those that get well
of themselves and those that llr-jrer
(chronic), the latter being declared in-
curable. ■ /•-
Durinsr the first few weeks kitlr.-.-y
disorders commonly get well with caret
both with and without treatment. Cut
in the second or chronic stage they r.rrO
incurable, resisting all known trc:st«
ment. It is in the first class in which
they often get well of themselves that
the records of cures have been made Ly
popular medicines. Uut in the great
second class or lingering form (com-
monly referred to by physicians aa
Bright's disease) there was no record of
cures till Fulton's Renal Compound wa.i
discovered. Tnder its influence about $7
per cent of the chronics now yield.
The question here arises in thr read-
er's mind, "Is my kidney trouble in tlie
first or second stage?" This is the test
— if the kidney trouble is found to havo
continued after the cold, sickness or tirst
exciting cause has disappeared it is in
the second or chronic stage. In many
cases where lingering kidney trouble
cannot be traced to any causo it is
chronic with the very first symptom, the
real cause being so remote thu.t it can-
not be connected.
If you have any kidney trouble what-
ever start right. Treat it seriously be-
taking Fulton's Renal Compound for
Bright's disease. People are sending
across the continent for this compound.
Some late reports from supposed in-
curable cases are as follows: J. . J.
Sehott & Co. of Galveston. Tex., report
the recovery of D. R. Hawkins of l.Vi3
Twenty-second street, that city. Dr.
Emily Noble reports from the same
city a patient of hers as recovering.
Charles A. Newton, yardmaster of the
S. P. R. R. Co. of Sacramento, reports
the complete recovery of his son after
the doctors said he could never be well
again. K. T. Snow of 1S15 Columbia
avenue, Philadelphia, says his January
incrcase In business is due to new phy-
sicians putting cases on it.
At all first-class druggists' In thja
city. Send for literature and list of
iaterlor and Eastern ascnta,
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
First Singing Lessons.
BT ANICE TERHUNE.
Son* writer, formerly director of rnu!>ic In the
CbUec* of St. John the Baptist. New yrrlt.
"* (Ccpyrifbt, liKH. by Jrsech B. Bowl's.)
In our last lesson the starting point
of the breath in singing was the sub
ject of my explanation. Now (taking
It for granted that the pupil has been
practicing his breathing exercises
faithfully in the meantime) we will
take up an exercise by means of which
he is to accomplish his first singing
tone.
Go to the piano, and, -with the boy
IMAGINARY CIRCLE DE
SCRIBED BY TONE.
Standing beside you, play the note D
that is to be found on the fourth line
of the "FtanV I choose this note be
cause it is neither too high nor too low
for the ordinary child's voice. It is
w ell to train a child to sing moderate
ly high, in order to avoid so-called
•throaty" tones, and yet one must be
tareful not to strain the vocal chords
by taking the voice too high at first.
Now let the child sing ""ah" on the
rote D. In doing this he should first
inhale a breath slowly, then as slow
ly let it out again, and as the breath
Marts upward and out he must use it
to make the sound "ah" on the note D.
Just as soon as the pupil is able to
do this with eaFe, that is, to start the
breath invariably from the proper
_._ > .
*»* " —————— ~— _——_»_ «_•
STARTING POINTS OF
BREATH AND TONE.
place (as explained in the previous
lesson) and to give forth a clear, free
tone w hen he says "ah." we must make
the exercise a little less simple. This
t«me his breath is to come from the
rilaphragrm in just the way that it did
before, but he must turn his thought
to the height of the tone and start the
pound mentally from the top of his
head.
The higher a note is "placed" the
sweeter and more round it will be,
and the pupil must, as he studies these
exercises, try to "think" the note as
high a.s possible. In this way a free,
clear, relaxed passage will be made
from the diaphragm to head, through
which the breath and resultant Found
can travel unimpeded.
It is most desirable to obtain this free
1 ai-sage, for nothing is more unpleas
ant to listen to than a ' # throaty" voice —
in other words, a voice where the tones
brgin and end in the throat, and a flat,
choked -up tone fs the result. A
•throaty" voice is, of course, very lim
ited in its capabilities, and any ten
dency on the pupil's part to sing in this
way must be corrected at once. It is
nothing more nor less than rigid mus
cles instead of the perfect relaxation
so necessary if happy results are to be
expected. Every muscle, from the pu
pil's diaphragm to the top of the head,
should be absolutely relaxed. To aid in
this let him try to imagine that the
tone he emits describes a circle — the
larger the better. <You will understand
what I mean by the illustration.) This
circle starts as his mouth opens, and
the tone is carried up, up, up, coming
down gradually on the other side as it
follows the line of the circle. This is a
simple exercise, but ft will be found of
preat use in placing a child's voice, for
the imagination plays as important a
I part hero as it does in the study of
piano technique.
The pupil must now begin to place
the tone at the top of the head at the
same moment that he places the breath
at his diaphragm. One smarts up as the
other starts down. They meet at the
front of the mouth (just back of the
front teeth), and by their meeting a
musical note is made. Instead of stand^
ing still on the threshold, so to speak,
the sound is borne out into the room
I by means of the imaginary circle just
described, and the wider the circle the
! better "placed" will be the note. In
other words, the more freedom the pu
pil is able to acquire the better, clearer,
sweeter tone will his vocal chords give
forth.
The pupil must be careful not to push
the breath, but to let it come naturally,
oven if the sound is very small and
thin at first. That is of very little mo
; ment, for the voice will strengthen rap-
J Idly with practice, and the only Im
j portant thing at first is to acquire
' sweetness and purity of tone, letting
j the rest come afterward. If the pupil is
' forcing the breath you can easily detect
1 it. for as he starts to expel the breath
j he will probably say "ha" Instead of
' '"ah" in that case, and the difference in
I tone will be apparent at once. Remem
ber, too, that the voice must always
j come out and never go toward the back
j of the throat.
We will now take up an exercise de-
I signed to promote freedom and flexi
i bility of tone. The pupil must start on
; D once more, but this time he is to sing
: three notes in one breath, instead of one
; as before. He is to go from D to E and
i back to D a pain— in other words, he is
'< to sing D. E, D.
The moment he has struck D his
i mind must travel to E: in other words,
! he must "think ahead." as he has been
' taught to do when reading piano music.
i The method is the same in both cases,
i but the Idea in singing is to "place"
! the note before it is actually struck;
j that is, to find out as soon as possible
j where the note is to go. to place the
i tone in the mind, and so to be ready :
; for the voice when the time comes to
actually strike the note.
After a short time this will all hap
pen naturally and without any con
i scious thought whatever on the part
! of the child. It is merely mental
i "reading at sight," and requires no ef- :
I fort whatever, as soon as the pupil
: becomes accustomed to singing in this
: way.
Now we will take up a third and more
lengthy exercise. This begins, as did
! the others, with D. The pupil must
1 sing first D, then E. then D, then E
again. After this he should take a
: breath and repeat the exercise. Next
'he does exactly. the same thing on the
j two notes C and D. repeating this part
! of the exercise as he did the first part.
I Next he must try it on B and C, then
A and B, and finally on G and A,
I thus going through the compass of five
j notes and so completing the exerclae.
'• Between each group of notes the breath
] should be taken, but as lightly as pos
■ sible, so that the exercise may run
I smoothly from beginning to end.
As the exercise descends the pupil
■ should endeavor to keep "thinking
\ high" — in fact, the lower the notes go
! the higher he should try to think to
i keep his tones high and pure. The idea
j is to gradually bring all his notes to
j the same level, so that one shall be in
quality exactly like another, as are the
notes of a violin or piano. I hope I
make mvself perfectly plain. When I
! say that one note should be just like
I another I do not of course refer to the
differences In tone required to bring
out the proper amount of feeling and
expression — of course there are "head"
tones and "chest" tones, "covered"
tones, "crying" tones, and so on, ad in
finitum; but with all these (with the
j exception of the head tones) we havo
i nothing to do just now. We are merely
j getting the voice ready to sing, as we
] prepared the fingers for playing, and
I the first and most necessary thing of
ail is to teach the' pupil to know how to
manage his voice so that one note shall
be just as good as another, and so that
that which is the quality of his best
note at the beginning shall become the
quality of all his notes as time goes on.
The "thinking ahead" process will
help him to acquire a legato, singing
j tone in just the way that It does when
i playing the piano. If he wishes to
j take a note an octave higher than the
one he has just sung, his mind,
brought first to the note in question
and firmly placed on it, will place the
tone thereon twice as easily as it
could be done in any other way.
Another point to remember is this:
The higher the note is the deeper the
breath should be. The pupil should
strive always to start the breath deep
er and deeper, the tone higher and
j higher, and to widen always the clr
i cle of sound, as explained earlier in
j the lesson.
The last exercise that I described
is in its complete form D, E, D, E, D,
then C, D, C, D, C, then B, C, B, C, B,
then A, B, A, B, A and finally G, A,
G, A. G.
This should be sung as given In the
Illustration, and as the pupil tries it
strike a chord occasionally on the
piano, to be sure that he is keeping
exactly on the key. Do not play for
him all the time, howaver, as he must
learn to carry the different "inter
vals" in his mind and so acquire a true
sense of pitch.
After each trial of the exercise let
him rest a bit, bo that he may begin
operations with perfectly relaxed
throat muscles. Do not keep him at
voice practice more than five or ten
minutes at a time at first, as the vocal
chords are extremely delicate and eas
ily strained. :*>;; *-
A Late Business Call.— "Curious what
men will do when they've been drink-
Ing." said Representative "Tim" Sul
livan. "When I was over In New York
I heard a story about a man I know
who had been out nearly all night and
was considerably the worse for wear
"He came along a street and saw an
undertaker's sign, with a night bell
just over a speaking tube. He rang the
bell fiercely.
" 'What is it?' yelled the undertaker
down the tube. 'What do you want?'
" 'Nothing in particular,' the chap re
plied; 'only I want to say that you're
the last man I'll do business with.' "
Philadelphia Telegraph.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IT, 1901.
THE SAN FRXNGISCQ CALL
J0HN.D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ♦ . ...... .Address All Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ci^^^^^.> Tlilrd and Market Streets, S. P.
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 17, 1904
OAKLAND BONDS.
OUR • lively arid ambitious neighbor, Oakland, is
awakening to her opportunity. The City Coun
cil has decided upon a bond issue of $3,500,000,
of which $1,110,000 is for additional schoolhouses. That
item is not only creditable but significant. It shows that
the population has far outgrown existing school accom
modations. The public schpols of Oakland enjoy a dis
tinction beyond those of any other city in the United
States. - They possess a completely equipped astronomi
cal observatory, donated by the late Anthony Chabot, in
which physical and mathematical astronomy may be
studied, with the use of telescopes and other instru
ments.
The Bond issue also devotes $150,000 to the equip
ment of a polytechnic school, which is in line with the
latest developed necessity of the school system. In it
pupils will be taught the essentials of all mechanical
training, and may learn the handicrafts in all their de
tails. The progress of juvenile incorrigibility in the
country is traced to the lack of training in the handi
crafts. To that lack we owe the creation of the juvenile
courts and other devices for restraining the tendencies of
youth which have their origin in idleness. A polytech
nic school has become a necessity in all large cities, and
Oakland will get most favorable results from trie one
which the bond issue will create.
In another respect the Council has been mindful of the
health and good order of the city. It is proposed to
create a park system in the foothills, supplemented'by
plazas and children's playgrounds in different parts of
the city. One of these is located on the filled ground ( in
West Oakland, where it is in sight from the main line of
the railroad. That part of Oakland has for years done
much harm to the whole city by its unsightliness. It is
to be hoped that this new playground will serve as a
nucleus for the transformation of the whole marsh into
a park, causing the removal of the garbage dumps and
every offensive feature.
No city in the Union is as favorably situated as Oak
land to receive the adornments of art. The climate
leaves nothing to be desired, and the good taste shown
by private citizens in architecture and the adornment of
lawns and borders has always been most commenda
ble. It has long been a proper subject of complaint
that public enterprise has lagged behind. The determi
nation of the present city government to catch up with
the procession in that respect will cause it to be long re
membered by the people.
San Francisco appreciates the function of Oakland in
aiding this larger city to retain here the commercial su
premacy which is of so much importance to California.
There is a limit to the capacity of our water front to
accommodate trade. Though that limit has not yet been
reached, it may well be. Then will arise the question of
diversion of trade elsewhere. San Francisco should give
to Oakland all support necessary in securing harbor fa
cilities and dock room, to the end that our ample bay
may continue to attract the fleets of the world. We are
sure that the municipals-authorities of Oakland appre
ciate the importance of this view, and if need be will
show in that respect the same awakening enterprise^ that
is in the bond issue for the purpose of enlarging school
facilities and securing parks.
Another important feature in the bond issue is the ap
propriation for a ne>v City Hall. A man is known by the
house and its surroundings in which he lives. He owes
it to the community to make these the best he can, in
proportion to his means. If this be a private duty, how
much more is it a public duty, in the government of a
city, to house its administration well and properly. The
Oakland City Hall has long been an eyesore. It looks
like the stepdaughter of the San Francisco custom
house, and with such a stepmother what could be ex
pected? In the basement is' a noisome jail that affects
the Board of Health, and violates the constitution by in
flicting cruel and unusual punishment upon prisoners-
The building is blistered like the lips of an ague patient,
and its exterior would be improved 03' painting it over
with patent medicine and tobacco signs, after the fashion
of country barns. The amount proposed in the bond
issue for a new City Hall will erect a proper building,
with nobility of architecture suited to a city of the rank
and dignity of Oakland.
In all of these proposed improvements San Francisco
takes as lively and friendly an interest a^ if they were
her own. In this there is no disposition to treat Oak
land as a suburb of this city. We salute her as our com
ing equal in all things. Her progress in no sense im
pedes ours, but is an essential part 6f it. San Francisco
wants no dead neighbors, but requires that they all be
alive and strong, working for the general progress by
working for their own. In the bond campaign it will
surely be the pleasant duty of The Call to urge its read
ers in Oakland to go forward, with the assurance that the
experience gained by the proper expenditure of the
avails of the issue now proposed will incite them to fur
ther efforts until they secure for themselves the most at
tractive, healthful and impressive city of its size on the
continent.
A San Jose woman wedded her deceased husband's
brother the other day in order not to risk losing in a
$1000 breach of promise suit which he had instituted
against her. The man in the case can now certainly fix
at least his maximum monetary value in the eyes of his
spouse.
AN HONEST MAN.
THE whole country is 1 impressed and the public
morality is vastly improved by the highly honora
ble course pursued' by Mr. Shafroth of Colorado,
who voluntarily surrendered his seat in Congress, after
himself discovering that his election was tainted by
fraud. His seat was contested pn the ground of fraud.
His Republican opponent agreed with him that the bal
lots should be sent to the House Committee on Elections
and Privileges for examination. After Shafroth had ex
amined a portion of them he assured the House that if
he were sitting as a judge on the evidence of the ballots
he would be compelled to decide against himself, there
fore without waiting for action or report by the com
mittee he gave up his seat.
Mr. Shafroth has been in Congress four terms. Though
in the minority he has commanded the respect of all/ He
was one of the working members and rendered valuable
public service. The committee and the House exoner
ated him of any privity to the frauds which were com
mitted by his party. Indeed it was satisfactorily shown
that he had done everything , he could to have a fair
election. He leaves his seat with the profound respect
of the House and of the country.
This very dramatic episode raises a collateral question
of more than passing interest. It was charged in Colo
rado-that the same ballot frauds extended to the election
of members of the Legislature, but investigation in that
respect was prevented, and hence it was believed that
the re-election of United States Senator Teller was
tainted by fraud and illegality. But he was elected and
holds his seat. It remains , to be seen whether hewill
follow the highly honorable course of Mr. Shafroth, and
demand an investigation of the ballots cast for the mem
bers of the Legislature who elected him.
While Senator Teller's political course has been sinu
ous, hfe has always ranked both in the Republican and
Democratic parties as an honest man. His. public ser
vice has been long and yaried. , He was one of the first
Senators from Colorado, and was still a Senator in 1882
when he resigned to succeed Governor Kirkwood as Sec
retary of the Interior under President Arthur. Upon the
termination of that service he was returned to the Sen
ate as a Republican in 1885, and was still a Senator when
he walked out of the Republican National Convention in
1896, and has held his seat as a Populist, Silver Republi
can and Democrat.
Such a man cannot afford to be the beneficiary of. the
frauds of his party, and it is clearly his duty to purge
himself of all suspicion of benefiting by corruption of
the ballot-box. Like him, Mr. Shafroth entered public
life and Congress as a- Republican. They were both
well brought tip, and it will be good for public morality
if each "show his_raising" by refusing to hold a seat that
is smirched by illegality.
The authorities at # Washington have taken late steps
but wise ones to place American Consuls upon a proper
plane of dignity in the many foreign cities where they
serve Americans and should reflect the prominence and
power of the United States. "Our Consuls should be well
housed and well paid.
RAILWAYS AND WORLD POLITICS.
RUSSIA'S menacing advance upon China, precipita
ting war with Japan, is generally spoken of as
another march of imperial ambition not essen
tially dissimilar to the conquests of former ages. So,
too, the annexation of the Dutch republics in South
Africa to the British empire has been lookeH upon as im
perial aggression ; a like view will be taken of the expan
sion of the German colonial system in Africa as soon as
it becomes sufficiently aggressive to attract public atten
tion and occasion comment.
Such views of the progress of the white man's con
quest in our time, however, are not wholly correct. It
was' not imperialism, but railway construction, that has
set the nations marching so aggressively in all parts of
the world in these later years. Britain would never have
coveted the Transvaal, nor even Orange Free State,
had not Cecil Rhodes pushed his railway enterprises to
the north and projected the famous line from the Cape
to Cairo. Russia would not now be tightening_her grip
upon .Manchuria, in defiance of the powers and in viola
tion of solemn treaties, had she not first constructed a
railway across Siberia. What she is now seeking is not
so much a military conquest as a commercial port neces
sary to the best use of her great transcontinental line.
The important part that railways are now playing in
the world should not be overlooked, for a clear under
standing of it is essential to a right view of the menaces
of war to-day and the possibilities of future war. It is
to be borne in mind that the Siberian road and the
Cape to Cairo road are not the only great enterprises of
the kind under way. There are several other roads
hardly noted now, whose construction may force an issue
of battle in future just as the Siberian road is, forcing
battle now.
Of the new lines that are almost certain to have a po
tent influence on world politics in the immediate future
perhaps the most notable is the line that is to be con
structed under German control from the Bosphbrus
to the Gulf of Persia down the valley of the Euphrates
or of the Tigris. A considerable part of the line is al
ready constructed and concessions for the whole route,
so far as it lies through the Turkish empire, have been
obtained. The road of course will need an outlet to the
sea, and the only outlet possible must be found some
where on the Persian Gulf. It happens that both Russia
and Great Britain are keenly interested in the gulf ports.
Russia has railway lines tending to the sea in that quar
ter, while Great Britain will watch with no little jealousy
the establishment in those waters of any power able to
maintain there a naval force strong enough to threaten
the route between India and the Suez Canal.
Another line that carries with it a menace of war h
the projected extension of the British Indo : Burmah
Railway to the head of navigation on the Yangtse-Kiang.
The road if completed would open up middle China to
British trade through India. Its construction, however,
would compel the establishment of some form of British
control over the terminal in China, and as a consequence
Great Britain would probably find herself compelled to
play a role similar to that now being enacted by the Rus
sians in Manchuria. .
Finally it is to be borne in mind that there are lines
which sooner or later must be constructed in our own
hemisphere that will be very apt to involve war issues.
The much discussed line connecting the railway systems
of South America with our own may some day be under
taken, and then will arise the question of maintaining
peace along the route. Another element of danger lies
in the fact that German interests in Brazil are already
large and in the end will^demand railways across the con
tinent. Such lines will be likely to disturb the existing
order of things and lead to" international disputes; so
that in the new as well as in the old world there axe pos
sibilities of railway wars looming up over the future as
far as human foresight can reach.,
In short the twentieth centuryjs likely to be a century
of wars caused mainly by the extension of industrial and
commercial enterprises. Railway influences will be felt
in international as well a* in domestic politics, and the
railway projector will be as potent in conquest as any of
the military adventurers of the past.
The authorities of Los Angeles are seeking to discover
if a dishonest voter can tamper with the voting machines*
submitted to the southern city for adoption. Has f,o*
Angeles forgotten that the safe-breaker is always a noteJi
ahead of the safe-maker in mechanical craft? The only
protection against a dishonest voter is the shadow of the
An actor, whose histrionic abinty wan measured even
by his^fellows as below par, killed Jiimadf a f^w days
since because he was refused a place among traveling
player folk. How unfortunate it is that «omft of tlift poor
fellow's associates are not inspired by his desperate pur
poses concerning himself. s
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The Unknozvn God.
Down In one of the old rookeries on
Montgomery street, the office rooms of
which are now given over to penniless
artists and slaves of the pen. there
live~s a newspaper man whose sense of
humor is larger than his purse. After
a little incident that occurred several
nights ago he feels that, humble as his
station may be, he is yet an unknown
god in the eyes of at least ene of the
nameless wretches whose haunts are
the alleys and wine shops of the old
quarter down back of the hall.
After the *paper had gone to press
and the newspaper scribe had tramped
his weary way down the deserted street
to his room he was endeavoring to fight
away insomnia by leaning out of his
window and sucking on his old briar
while he idly watched the scampering
rats in the dimly lit alley below. His
attention was attracted by the zigzag
tacking down the alley of the huddled
figure of a drunk. Hardly had the be
sotted toper come directly below him
when a black figure darted out from
the shadow of the fish market, dealt
the shambling drunkard a blow on the
jaw which felled him and then began
to disrobe him.
Overcoat, hat. jacket and vest came
off in a twinkling and then with a final
tug the shres were gone, too, and the
sudden apparition was off down the
alley with his bundle tucked under his
arm. Those clothes safely represented
50 cents and that would buy "the dope"
for several days.
From the despoiled one lying below
in the dark street there came a jum
bled roar of oaths and protest which
trailed off into a whimper as the cold
mc-rning air began to nip. Four stories
above in his window the reporter was
enjoying it hugely. Then a merry
thought came to him.
He ducked into his room for a min
ute and then returned to the window,
arms full of old clothes. First he pep
pered the thing below with a choice
assortment of c-ld socks, tightly knotted
in pairs. Then a pair of veteran trous#
ers went gyrating down through the*
gloom; a jacket fell like a lump of lead,
and finally an old mackintosh swooped
and sailed like a vampire down to the
bewildered creature.
He looked up; there was no light —
nothing but the walls rising cheerless
in the dim morning half light. Then
he laughed like a loon and, gathering
up the clothes, cavorted down the alley
singing lustily.
Her Anszi.'cr.
She sat modestly and quietly in a
corner on the upper deck of an Oak
land ferry-boat, one of the first of the
afternoon throng of homeward-bound
commuters. A book engrossed her at
tention and she was not aware that a
bold pair of eyes were staring at her,
the owner a dapper . and bit over
dressed man with a pair of grips, for
the world like a drummer's outfit.
Some of the passengers noticed the
ogling and pretty soon she raised her
glance from the pages and caught the
stare. She blushed and fidgeted in her
seat. The eyes continued their insult
ing stare.
As if he thought there was response
in her sudden, shifting glance, he
moved closer to the woman, then still
closer. She nervously felt the ad
vance. There had been no intentional
move of encouragement on her part.
The situation became very embarrass
ing, for he turned to her with a
"Good evening; you seem to be en
joying that book, miss."
The demure little creature flashed
anger and was all excitement in an
instant. She had avoided the scene,
but with one rousing swing she struck
that impertinent fellow full in the
face- with open palm, the slapping
blow being heard by many passengers.
Then the girl, her face red with sup
pressed emotion, settled back in her
seat. The man, all in a heap from
surprise, gathered himself together
and escaped to the lower deck, with
the jeers of a bunch of women echo
ing behind him.
Courtship of the Sea.
I.
Lady of the Golden Gate,
I. the regnant Sea,
Amorous of thee.
Fain would have thee be
Queen of my infinite estate.
E'en now thy fortune and thy fate
Abide with me, the Imperial Sea!
Girded thou for high emprise!
Th'ne the gold-veined hill.
Treasure-bedded rill.
Vine that doth distill
Nectar ambrosial; thine the fairest skies,
And patriarch pines ancient as paradise.
While fruits world-coveted thy laD
do fill. r-v
nr.
Be my queen. O Lady fair.
Then from land to land
Shall, at thy command,
Speed my snowy band —
Fleet coursers of the sea and air
To fetch thee garments rich and rare.
And Orient pearls and gems from
the coral strand.
IV.
Lady, where thou koepest Ktnte,
On thy throne of gold.
Thou shall hav« and hold
Wealth undreamed of old
In reach** of tho Arts, that come elate
To thy congenial home, where throurh
thv «Hte
'Flow nun and gilded wave together
rolled,
Jirt indifferent no more!
Greater nhalt thou bo.
Wedded thus to m<\
Than Venice, when that *h<»
Flftlcncd mistress all my kingdom «Vr.
In tho dim centuries of yotA
And shared her Rlory *ltfc her
Hpouse. the Sea!
REOSFOtiD «JAN"<5>HttY>
Not So luut.
A contributor to Uv> w?*tB&lto
Gazette of I<nmt"n tftfcv* *. rft«.!.Vrt V*
draw instructive iM»r*tt*f* wtfitfft Vh+
present i Chines* \hh<rt- fav^rvT* ih Vfc*
Rand and what w^ v>f <•%<**
had. Says tk
"To any *\\* \v n rt H fernWftr V;4tfc Vfc>
the day* »\f KMttfey ftWi Wft 'SrMtfftol
spoutem' \* l n * Vh% &M*i
African OVftAttton to\".\j*ftr*fe ' <A**fc
labor presents little that is new. But I
confess the quotations you gave on.
Friday from a South African corre
sponded strike me as quite a novel de
parture in the way of unctuous recti
tude. After a series of violent asser
tions, none of which he attempts to
prove, the writer appeals to "the blood,
the misery, the tears' that will follow
the arrival of the Chinese In my ex
perience the blood, the misery and the
tears have been entirely on the side of
the unhappy Chinamen whom the
hooligans and their backers have felt
at liberty to assault, to rob and to
murder at their sweet will. The China
man, to whom the early prosperity of
California was so largely owing, is a
singularly laborious and law-abiding
citizen, and for that reason he was
hated, ill-treated and ultimately pro
hibited in the Qolden State— whose
prosperity, by the way, 'hereby suf
fered a lasting check."
Now, Just wherein has California
suffered a 'lasting check" from the ex
clusion act?
Word Blindness.
Some curious instances of the physi
cal defect of "word blindness" are
given in the Lancet. The disease is.
fortunately, uncommon. In one case
the sufferer, an Englishman, 34 years
of age, who knew Greek, Latin *\nd
French well, suddenly lost all knowl
edge of English, though he could read
and understand Greek perfectly, and
Latin and French in a rather smaller
degree. Another and almost more cu
rious case was that of a man who lost
the power of reading at sight. Thi3
patient was able to write accurately
from dictation, but was completely un
able to read what he had written.
World blindness is apparen !y akin to
color blindness, but i3 certainly attend
ed by much more inconvenient conse
quences.
I' cry Antique.
A young naval officer returned re
cently from the European station ami
brought several odd bits of furniture
which he had picked up in a small shop
in Portsmouth, England. One of the
pieces wtas a folding table, antique, and
consequently somewhat worn. It was
much admired, and the price paid for
it, £3. was considered amazingly small.
One day he showed it to a dealer with
a request for a valuation of it, and
Information as to its age. make and
the like. In the course of the examina
tiqn_the dealer looked at the under side
of one of the drawers and found thereon
a somewhat blurred paper label. "When
this was inspected close to the light
these letters were readily discernible.
They were:
"GR-ND RAPID— MICHI-."
* —New York Pott.
Answers to Queries.
GOOLD BROWNS GRAMMAR— M.
L. G., City. "Goold Brown's Grammar"
has always been considered a standard
authority.
RUTH CLEVELAND. E. S. B., Seat
tle, Wash. Ruth, daughter of ex-Presi
dent Grover Cleveland, was born in
New York City. October 3. 1S91.
POSTAGE— Subscriber. Milton. Cal.
The rate of postage under the postal
laws of the United States Congress is
the same to all points of the United
States.
WEBER AND FIELDS— A Reader.
City. Weber and Fields were in this
city about fifteen years ago. They are
not natives of San Francisco. The/
were born in New York City.
YOUNG CORBETT— Subscriber. City.
William H. Kothwell, "Young Corbett,"
was born In Denver, Colo., in 1ST3. His
first record fight was with Bert Carter
In 1897, when he defeated him in thre>
rounds.
LIMERICKS— M. F. T., Vallejo. Cal.
This correspondent wants to know why
jingling rhymes frequently published
in the press of to-day are called "lim
ericks." Can any of the readers of this
department enlighten the correspond
ent?
ADMIRAL FISHER— A Call Reader.
Stockton, Cal. Sir John Fisher. II. M.
R. N., was born in 1S41. His father was
Captain William Fisher of the Seventy
eighth Highlanders. None of the pub
lished biographies gives the place of
birth.
HER NWMK-J. E. S,. Milton. Cal.
Georsi* Eliot \» the pseudonym that wan
adopted by Mary Ann or Marian Evans,
the authorv**. tvrn at Arbury farm
(OhttvTers Cuton>. Warwickshire. Erj»~
Umi. November Si. 1*1".); died at'f
Cheytt** Walk, Chelsea, London, Decetn-
|fc>UN IN UONV.KONO— C, City. The
H£l\ts» ©I vhtktren born In 'Hongkong to
AW Aft^tk-an father and a Chinese
W»ilh«^ trannot bo determined without a
tvi\te* *\vU*»»{%tlou oC the case cited.
y\\* tttttii **t thi* father will have to
fcjg g&re tvilty Riven before this deport-
V.- •<**•<=<! J'# California Klnce fruits and
$4Vv4i**, *A> a i'v«'i!i.i, la artistic ttr«-
iv\«?s, ,\ nice present for Eastern
W*»*l* Hi Market at,. Above Call bldg. •
$p**t*t Information supplied daily to
t«n »!!«<? ■» house.-. .•» r.»t public men by tha
>'»«> CUuplng Bureau (Allen's;. 23d C*ii
tviiU «U««t Telephone Mala 1M1 •PATTOSrEX'S. -
The Old and Established
Store' of Pattosien's to
Liquidate.
Sacrifice of Over a Quarter of a Million Dollars'
Worth of Carpets and Furniture.
BIG OFFERINGS THIS WEEK.
An opportunity comes only once in a MOHXT DOES ITS BEST WOBK
lifetime like the present. Th* houso- NOW in furniture and carpet buying,
lcerpor and the hotel owner should never £virythir;g\s the buyers' way
3j£&/52it l S?*£!? Cha " Ce thSt n ° W If you need furni'ture. if there te an
rresrnts itself to buy unfurnished room in your home; if there
— , _«, # is a missinjf piece that would add to the
f C r^II**TlTf'Il'f #^ •■omfort. convenience or appearance of
• Wtl.1 UClJ, Ml. Ul llllUi K. your home; if you've a need of any sort.
_ _. . right here and now is the opportunity
[ "»/>o i I1r>inmr "■ lo PO^f«ess the desired article at such a
LtUVV l/lll lUlILa. FatLsfying price as will surely surprise
you.
etc.. at just what they cost at the mills YOTT ABB THE GAI1JEKS THAT XS.
.and the factories. At PATTOSIEN'S IP YOU BUT HOW. And you will buy;
there is a s.iIp eoingr on — the bigrgest in for every article shown in this sale is
the history «>f Ean 1'rancisco. Pattoslen fine and fashionable,
doesn't roliF.h it any more than the down-
town high-priced dealers do. but circum- ift DirhmnnH Pann-Ac COT
nances have forced it. and buyers are 4 * 11011103(1 KailgeS, $i(«UU
ftting double the value in goods for /» ,,., j ■»• •
their money that they used to get. Wl*. lllO 300 MlSSlOD.
Kays White Is a Conspirator.
John I*. Wadleigh. whose five chil
dren were taken from him by the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, filed a suit for $30,000 dam
ages against the society yesterday. He
alleges that the interference of the
society in his family affairs .was un
warranted and was the result of a
conspiracy formed by M. J. White.
its secretary. Wadieigh's children
n ere recently restored to him by the
Supreme Court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
oocecccoGoocooosooooeo
o e
o f^. n no
S | ©y^f ¥ f| |
o *" o
O 9
9 O
9 Wrecks More Ears Than g
o V.l Other Influences ©
% Combined, and \eglected §
§ Catarrh Is the Direct g
© Cause of Sixty five Per o
o Cent of All Cases of %
** Consumption. ®
• m
All who 2
A .^^frBK cough and <%
S /tv nttii&i hawk and z
M*^^-*^^ hl ' 5t are not 2
O f\£ '_ consumptive; O
O '^ij''^'' v t ■:.•■'■]. many O
O / ymS Irt'tVtVM severe cases Q
O / \\ MfitllH of bronchial »
A • 'I *J&!.kt\*P «"»^arrh a r e 2
n Xr#«*sWiill calle^i con- Z
v %e&*** bofore s p e- 5
• ciSccon-®
O Bumption sets ir>.. If n«»c:Iected 9
O thes«* cases always run into con- O
q sumption, hence the n^essity of
a prompt treatment in ail cases of a
Z catarrh. The Electro - Chemic **,
2? treatment not or.ly cures the dls- jZ
9 rase, but it builds up the patient. J
9 It enriches the blood, it increases 9
9 the body weight and it renders th«» 9
0 patient less Hable to contract fresh Q
A r-olds.
X The bacillus of catarrh and the a
Jj bacillus of tuberculosis cannot j«
2 live under the combined influence Jf
• of the Ek-ctro-Ch^mic local and ••
• constitutSonal treatments. and •
O er«y patient, \rhrther in the early 9
or late sLaRP5 of catarrh, can be Q
rt piven both treatments at the same 0
2T time, and cure* are thus accom- a
!5 plished in cases that are piven up Z
2 DV many pliysichins as being in- Jf
O curable. g
I elegtrTchemic I
ISPEGIALTiES,!
• £
O Elfctro-ChTnistry cures pain- 9
O lessly. quickly, permanently and #
O cheaplj' Catarrh. Consumption. Qt
'a Asthma. Bronchitis. Deafness, Q
e Rinpir.e Ears. Cancers. Tumors, a
Old Sores. Blood Kolson. Rheuma- «
2 tism. Neuralgia, Locomotor Atax- 2
• la. Paralysis, Piles. Diseases of *J
O th<* Nervous System. Diseases of w
O the Stomach. Livor. Kidneys and •
O Bowels. Uladder and Prostatic O
A Diseases, Special Diseases of Wo- 53
jL men. Sr<ci"l Diseases of Men, n
X Stricture. Prostatitis. Weakness, ~
g Varicoccle. Q
• g
O COZTSTJXTATXOCT fni"!" ®
o and i-Krr 2
9 EXABUHATIOlf I Illalsi g
Ielectr^ghemicI
i institute |
1 118 Grant Ave., Cor. Post St. |
O SAN* FRANCISCO g
2 Office hours. 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. Q
Jz a:-d 7 to S p. m. daily; Sundays q
2 3 0a. m. to 1 p. m. Separate apart- X
• ments for ladies and gentlemen. Jf
O nOKE TEEATMEHT ©
O If you live at a distance, try to *
9 come* for a personal examination. •
Q If you can't come, write for in- •
© Ftructlons for home examination #
q and treatment. ,_" 9
QOOOQOOOOQOft»eo»eo»ooo
7) visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 2
XHUSEUH OF ANflTOHY*
O CD i:niLilZ£7C7.M.s:U7a,S.rCaL^
V Or h * Lvcest Autoc.al Mutcun ia thc \
A _X^' World. ntakiMvm* er *bjt contracted ff
• rf3^55 <!«••' »»n<"«"-l7 r«r»4 tijr rtt oiaeil "
q fCZ wl | b^ecnnvt on iteCcut. E»tj6jre*rv O
a ivj^i 0B. JDRDAN-D!SEASES OF MEN A
• tf(fV*SB Cwtulouei fret »nd «trictljf pririte. \
A I T+Z/lt TrMWiret fxrtcna! y n br IrMT. Afl
If 1 dfny ftnnii CW« u tKfy a:» uodoukri. T
A B If lift Writ* for BM*.PHlI-«tl«PnT»ri)
0 \ \\ |V B&*BUCe. MAILED I'KSS. U?
\ l\ II Miuablc book for tttm) X
Q lilt. JORDAN A CO.. YAl Mnrl:ot st..S. P. V
\A/. X. HESS.
Notary Pntallc and Attomey-at-Jiaw.
Ter.th Floor, lloota 1015. Claus Spreckels bldr.
Telephone Ms In 9S3.
Residence. 1602 McAllister »U
fUltrrr* Telepbooe Pexe CC41-
REPUBLICANS
TO THE FRONT
Chairman Cutter Ready to
Send Out Notice for Meet
ing of the State Committee
William M. Cutter of Tuba, chair
man of the Republican State Commit
tee, is in the city conferring with
Charles E. Snook, secretary, and Jacob
Steppacher, assistant secretary of the
committee. To-day notices will be sent
out advising members that a general
meeting of the committee will take
place at Golden Gate Hall, San Fran
cisco, on Saturday, March 12, at 2 p. m.
The executive committee will meet
at the Union League Club at 8 p. m.,
March 11. In line with the preliminary
precedents, the call for the State con
vention will be discussed by the execu
tive committee. Decisions of the ex
ecutive body respecting the time and
place of meeting and the appointment
of delegates to the several counties of
the State are usually confirmed by the
general committee.
It is already indicated that the State
convention will consist of 738 delegates.
The basis of representation is one dele
gate for every 200 votes cast for Gov
ernor Pardee In 1902, and one delegate
for each majority fraction of 200 votes.
INTEIUOlt WILL DOMINATE.
ft Is clearly foreshadowed that the
c»untry delegates will dominate the
convention, and party leaders maintain
that this domination Is just, as the
country supplied the voting strength
for the achievement of Republican suc
cess in the gubernatorial campaign in
1902. San Francisco will enter the Re
publican State convention with dimin
ished prestige. The number of dele
gates accredited to the metropolis is
121. or less than one-sixth of the whole
body.
Los Angeles will come to the conven
tion withf increased power. The dele
gation from that ccilnty will be ninety
strong. In the last gubernatorial cam
paign Los Angeles cast an exception
ally large and San Francisco an un
usually small vote for the leading nomi
nee on the Republican ticket. The dis
tricts south of Market street in this
city, which gave Lane such an over
whelming vote, will have but a slight
representation In the Republican con
ventions of this year.
Sacramento- County will not cut
much of a figure in the convention,
as the Republicans of that county in
the last State election failed to sus
tain the head of the ticket. San Joa
quin and Solano will have to be satis
fied with small delegations.
The national convention of the Re
publican party will meet in Chicago
June 21. and delegates thereto must
be chefn thirty days prior to that
date. The primary election for choos
ing delegates to the State convention
must be held, according to law, on the
first Tuesday of May. Therefore the
State convention cannot be held much
later or earlier than May 18.
XEW RKGISTRATIOW
It is the general impression that the
first Republican State convention of
the campaign will meet in Sacramento.
The chief business of this convention
will be the election of four delegates
at large to the national convention,
the confirmation of Congressional dis
trict delegates and the selection of a
new State Central Committee. A State
convention late in August or early in
September will nominate Presidential
Electors. At -the same time Congres
sional nominations will be made by the
respective district conventions.
George P. Adams, Registrar of Vot
ers, San Francisco, is sending out a
general notice advising all citizens
that, pursuant to law, a new and com
plete registration of all voters is now
in progress at the City Hall and that
such registration is good for two years
and will cover al! elections held in the
years 1904 and 1905. All previous reg
istrations have been canceled.
The Registrar Is anxious to impress
upon the minds of the voting public
that all registrations prior to January
1, 1904, have been canceled. The first
primary election of the year will take
place Tuesday, May 3, and If an early
awakening to the importance of this
event does not occur the vote will be
very light. When the time comes for
holding an election to choose delegates
to the State convention many Repub
licans as well as Democrats will be
denied the privilege of voting:, simply
because of their neglect to register
It is the talk in political camps that
the primary election in May will re
dound to the advantage of a small
clique of organized workers if the great
body of voters neglects to register.
Will lloscntencQ Chinaman.
Judge Cook, having received a re
mittitur from the Supreme Court In
the case of Chew Lan On*, sentenced
to be hanped for murder, has put the
case on the calendar for Saturday,
when the defendant will be resen
tenced. Chew I>an Ong shot and killed
Chin Do Hlng on July 29. 1901.
1850 and Military styles nre latest
for ladies' wear. Send for catalog:.
Standard Patterns. Domestic office 1021
Market street •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , \VEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 100-5.
PROMINENT SWEDISH
AMERICAN PASSES AWAY
Prof. Carl A. Svvensson, Head of Bethany College in Kan
sas and a Well-Known Divine, Is Stricken Suddenly
With Pneumonia and Dies at Hospital in Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 16.— Professor
Carl A. Swensson, D. D. and Ph. D.,
president of Bethany College, Linds
borg, Kans., one of the foremost
Swedish Americans In this country,
died of pneumonia at the California
Hospital this morning after only two
days' illness. He was caught in a rain
In San Francisco a few days ago, and
when he arrived here Saturday night
he was suffering from a severe cold.
Sunday the cold developed into pneu
monia and he was taken to the hos
pital, where he was given the best pos
sible medical attention. Despite all that
the phj'siclans could do the solidifica
tion of his lungs continued, until death
occurred before daylight this morning.
The remains were shipped East to
night to the home of the deceased in
Kansas, and were accompanied by
those who had come to California with
Dr. Swensson. They areiliev. Dr. Abra
hamson of Chicago; Abel Anderson,
president of the Northwestern National
Bank of Sioux City. Iowa: Albert J.
Coleson of Kansas City and N. J.
Thorstenberg. Mayor Lindsborg.
Information of the death of the found
er and president of Bethany College,
Kansas, will occasion profound regret
among the Swedish Lutherans on this
coast. He came to California a few
days ago Jn response to an invitation
from Manager Briggs of the California
State Board of Trade to inspect lands
in the San Joaquln Valley., The clergy
man had been for some time in corre
spondence with the California^tate
Board of Trade in reference to Cfte lo
cating of Swedish colonies in this State.
Finally he came to the State, in com
pany with the Rev. Dr. L. G. Abraham
son of the Princeton-avenue Lutheran
Church of Chicago, who has the reputa
tion of being the leading Swedish Luth
eran clergyman in the United States.
Last week these clergymen, in company
with Manager Briggs of the California
State Board of Trade, toured the San
Joaquin Valley and inspected various
localities.
Mr. Briggs says that the Rev. Carl
Swensson was In perfect health seem
ingly last Friday when he started on
his homeward journey by way of Los
Angeles. He was 48 years old. weighed
240 pounds, was over six feet tall and
looked to be in the very flower of health
and strength.
Bethany College, of which the Rev.
Dr. Swenpson was the head, is located
at Lindsborg, Kans. It is one of the
largest and best established institu
tions of learning in Kansas. It was
founded in 1881 by the Rev. Dr. Swens
son. The following year the Smoky
Valley district of the Kansas confer
ence of the Augustana Synod took
charge of the institution and appointed
POSTUM CEBEAL.
THE OLD PLEA,
lie "Didn't Know It Was Loaded."
The cDffee drinker seldom realizes
that coffee contains the drug caffeine,
a serious poison to the heart and
nerves, thereby causing many other
forms cf disease, noticeably dyspepsia.
"I was a lover of coffee and used it
for many years, and did not realize the
bad effects I was suffering from its use.
"At first I was troubled with indiges-
tion, but did not attribute the trouble
to the use of coffee, but thought it arose
from other causes. With these attacks
I had sick headache, nausea and vomit-
ing. Finally my stomach was in such
a condition I could scarcely retain any
food.
"I consulted a physician; was told all
my troubles came from indigestion, but
was not Informed what caused the in-
digestion, so I kept on with the coffee
and kept on with the troubles, toa,
and my case continued to grow worse
from year to year, until it developed
into chronic diarrhea, nausea and se-
vere attacks of vomiting, bo I could
keep nothing on my stomach and be-
came a mere shadow, reduced from 159
to 128 pounds.
"A specialist informed me I had a
very severe case of catarrh of the stom-
ach, which had got so bad he could do
nothing for me, and I. became convinced
my days were numbered.
"Then I chanced to sep an article set-
ting forth the good qualities of Pos-
tum, and explaining how coffee injures
people, bo I concluded to give Postum
a trial. I soon saw the good effects;
my headaches were less frequent, nau-
sea and vomiting only came on at long
intervals and I was soon a changed
man, feeling much better.
"Then I thought I could stand coffee
again, but as soon as I tried it my old
troubles returned and I again returned
to Postum. Would you believe it, I
did this three times before I had sense
enough to quit coffee for good and keep
on with the- Postum. The result is I
am now a well man, with no more
headaches, sick stomach or vomiting
and have already gained back to 147
pounds." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
Look In each package for the famous
little book. 'The Road to Wellville."
A DISTINGUISHED DIVINE.
WHO DIED FROM PNEU
MONIA IN LOS ANGELES.
a board* of directors. In 1885 the college
passed into the hands of the Kansas
conference. The establishment includes
several costly buildings.
MRS. MARGARET DOIJLK
PASSES AWAY IX OLD AGE
Wife of the Founder of San I>anelsco
Business House Succumbs to In
roads of Sickness.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— Mrs. Margaret
Doble, wife of Abner Dobie, founder of
the Abner Doble Company of San Fran
cisco and a wealthy man, died to-day
*at the home of her daughter, Mrs.
Francis Ferrier of 2322 Fulton street.
She was 73 years old and her death
was due to old age, as well as care for
her husband, who is an invalid in the
German Hospital in San Francisco.
Mrs. Doble came to California in 1856,
five years after her husband, from her
native home in West Virginia. She
leaves four children — W. A. Doble and
Robert McF. Doble of San Francisco,
Mrs. Francis Ferrier of Berkeley and
Mrs. Edwin Hill of San Jose.
The burden of her husband's illness
weighed heavily upon Mrs. Doble. He
was injured seven years ago while
about to take the train at Dwight way
station. The train ran into and injured
him so that he has since been an in
valid.
William K. Conger, a prominent real
estate dealer of Alameda, was stricken
with apoplexy while shaving in his
rcom at Park street and Webb avenue
this afternoon and died at 10:30 o"clock
to-night without regaining conscious
ness.
Former Deputy Sheriff Dies.
Frederick Meyers, who was a dep
uty under Sheriff Lackmann, died yes
terday at the Central Emergency Hos
pital. Suddenly attacked by sickness
which carried him off, he was re
moved in the ambulance from his
rooming place at Third and Stevenson
streets and died an hour after reach
ing the hospital.
LIFE OF COLONEIj SWEET
APPEARS IX PAMPHLET FORM
Career of Gallant Officer, Covers a Pe
riod of Nearly Forty-Three
Years.
A pamphlet, entitled "The Military
Life of Colonel Owen J. Sweet, the
Commanding Officer of the Twenty
eighth Infantry," has recently been
published and made its appearance at
the post yesterday. It gives a careful
and serious review of the gallant of
ficer's services in his country's behalf
during the last forty-three years.
While in a measure , complimentary,
still, in the words of Othello, it is a
"round, unvarnished tale" of his expe
riences since he entered the army in
18G1. It was read with much inter
est by his brother officers at the Pre
sidio.
General MacArthur, accompanied
by his aid, Major Parker W. West,
made official calls yesterday afternoon
on Brigadier General T. J. Wint at the
Palace Hotel and General Jesse M.
Lee at the Occidental. Both these of
ficers leave in a few days for their
respective posts in the East.
Regular monthly field day will take
place next Monday, February 22,
Washington's. birthday, for which an
elaborate programme of sports has
been arranged by Lieutenant Beauford
Camp.
The cavalry, drills in the lower par
ade ground have been done away with
temporarily, as the recent rains have
made the grounds like a swamp.
The number of murders a million in
habitants is, in England 5.13. in Ger
many ' 5.45, in France 11.55, ia Austria
15.42. in Italy 76.11 and in Spain 44.70.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
I EASY TRAVELING I
I TO THE EAST 1
H There is one way of going east that affords all the ease and comfort at a minimum p Hi
gfl expense— the Burlington way. raj
II For many years the Burlington has been taking thousands of people annually from bj
|| California to the East. This travel has increased year by year because the service given N
[|] was the best to be had for the money. , \ I j
H The Burlington thro' tourist sleeping cars leave California on certain days each ' j I
If] week, and run via Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand Rocky Mountain j» I j
|j scenery by daylight. This is by far the 1 most interesting route across the continent. *£ in
g This coupon, when filled out and mailed to Mr. Sanborn, will bring you just thc * \k
m information you want about j SF4 — B
S VOUr triD to the East. Send W ' D * SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route. (|
|| yuui urip iu tuc i-«i. uum 03| Market street, 8AN FRANCISCO. jJ
M !t to-day. Please send me complete information about the Burlington I
gig Burlington trains over Burlington rails all the way - |u
yj from Denver to St. Louis and Chicago. Name . »-C
AMUSEMENTS.
TWOLnioW
Special Matinee Washington's Birtftdaj.
ONLY TWELVE MORE NIGHTS OF
j When Johnny ||
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by
Stanislaus £tan£e and Julian Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Monday, Feb. 29 — TEE GTP3Y BASON.
Usual Ponular Prices 25c, 50c and 75c
Box Seats tt.00
Last Five NiThts — Matinee Sat.
X.OXXXS rBEDESICK
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
MACBETH
Thursday ALEXANDER THE CJREAT
Friday Night OTHELLO
Sunday Night and Sat. Mat.JULIUS CAESAR
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
DENMAH THOMPSON (HIMSELF)
IN "THE OLD HOMESTEAD."
A T i~\ A rT A in Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR i-Tfs
General Manager.
To-Kiffht — Xflatn. Saturday and Sunday.
DELIGHTFUL PERFORMANCE OF
"Wl IB H"" Great American Play.
H B"h k 1 By David H^lasco and
I I it- H. C. d« Mille.
CHARITY BALL
Evg«., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Opening with Special
MAIINEE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
First Stock Production of
THE WBOVO KOt. WJUGET
Geo. H. Broadhurst's Farcical Comedy,
In Active Preparation— PARSIFAL.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South S33.
"-! ' TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY ' AND SUNDAY.
The Best of All Border Dramas.
THE MEN OF \
JIMTOWN
A Thrillinr Tale of the Cherokee Strip.
Exciting Plot! Startllnr Climaxes! Rich
■ Comedy t Scenic Splendors!
All the Central Favorites In the Cant.
DDirCC "Evening!.:.. IOc to 30e
rHILCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 35o
Next— THE KING OF THE OPIUM RING.
Paiarp dont FA!L ™
laiavW iee beautiful
.':V V COURT Lounging
atld room, ths EMPIRE
*» IIU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
liniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
imiiiu LOR^ and thc LA-
H J. 1~ DIES ' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
AMUSEMENTS.
astouimdincTaudeville !
E!G;iT VASSAR GIRLS \
Ziskn and King: Werner - Amoros
Troupe; Harry Thomson; Billy B.
Van, ltose Beaumont and Company;
Thorne and Carleton; Snyder and
Buckley; Rice and Elmer and
Orphenm Motion Pictures.
Regular Matln»M «v»rv Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. SSc
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
J&H TO-ITIOHT
g CHARLKS H. TALE'S
W EVERLASTING - . H
j DEVIL'S AUCTION I
M , NEW SCENIC MARVELS I]
M And the following great features: E2
fej The Famous Onrl Family, - M
ffl The Four Salaroonskys. . . fl
» Slpnnrlna Elena Rossi. M
U Frauleln Praper, 53
|| The Boneless Herman. JJ
EJ And the Imperial Dancing Troup«. u
B NEXT— HUMAN HEARTS. Q
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY,
AT 2 SHARP.
THIS WEEK ONLY. Including Sunday Night.
Curtain Rises at S Sharp.
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY— Presenting
WH00P-DEE-D00
AND BURLESQUE OF
C /\ T t-t k£ R 1 INE
PRICES— (2. $1 50. $1. 75c and COc.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Ponitlvely Last Weber and Fields Performance.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY MATINEE
THOMAS J. SMITH, the Yonar Siaglnff
Irish Comedian, in "THE OAMB
KEEPEE."
KELLY AND YIOLETTE, IRYIN3 JONES
......AND A GSEAT SHOW....
Erery Afternoon and Evealnr la th*
• Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HANNIBAL
The Untamable African Lien. In the Zoo!
AMATEUR NIQTM THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: Children, Be
When Phoning, Ask for "The Chutea."
Racing !p§^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR BHINS.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY OD&
INGLBS1DB TRACK
. Commencing MONDAY. February L
Six or More Races Daily.
Races . start it 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached toy streetcar from any part ot the- city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:1ft p. m. ami leaves the track Immediately
after the last raco. No smoking In last two
care, which are reserved tor ladles and their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WTLLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
A2ETJSEME2TT&
Wl3 for Wednesday, whlrllne along!
orld full ot comedy, music and song!
All In
ROLY ROJLV
A musical comedy hit with a good plot, a
host of excellent scngs. a lot of clever ipe-
cUlties.
Our "All Star* Cast. IncludlTS
KOLB AND TJIT-t,.
JOHN PEACIIEY.
BEN T. DILLON.
. ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN RUSSELL
NELLIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. "." ■ and 5<V?.
Next attraction — "THE ROL'.NDERS."
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY. WASH1NG-
TON'3 BIRTHDAY.
MI3CEI.LAJrEOU3 AMTTSEMEgTS.
THE KILTIES
THE GREAT SCOTCH BAND OF 40
WITH SINGERS. DANCERS and PIPERS
ALHAMBRA THEATER
COMMENCING NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT
Seats 61, 75c, 50c,
it Sherman, Claj&Co/s To-Morrow Morning.
THE GREAT SINGER
LYRIC HALL
To-Morrow. Tburs. High} and Saturday Mai.
'Seat*. *|1.0O. ?!.."(> and $2.00.
SHERMAN. CLAY fc CO.
' — ~"
jl? favorite
M FOR WEAK WOMEH.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CTTRE TOR MW.
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a few daya. Warranted to cur»
worst ensex. JTO OTHEil TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $1.CO per bottle, expressed. For sal* only
T. 8. Pairs FIT A KM ACT. 103 Eddy.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aezaa.
The Mexican Remtdle* for Dla;asa* of th*
Sidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE. Acents.
323 Market at.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
■DDTTGU17O for barbers, ba-
jDflUOllJLiO kers - bootblacks, bath-
* w *** ** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy tnakera, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, prtater*. painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners, tailors, etc.
BfCHAKAK 3BOS,
Bnnh Manaf actnxer*. 609 Sacrammto St.
judSPS&a MEN ANDY/OWE*.
<5(ftMfXUllx5M^3 C«e Big CI for unnaturml
jf&ST In 1 to t *»rvX3 dUch»r«es.laflamns»tions.
fcapur Oa«raat«<4 %J irrit»tloDS or ulcerarioas
g*Sr 3 s»i t« «rlotnr«. of micooi tnembr»n««.
FMTtsti r*mtwi««. PftinUii, snd not aitria*
K^1THE£|1»$ChE¥311C3. gtnt or poUonous.
«3*gL Chl5IX!Un,8^7a Ccld by DrurjliU,
VaSak (.hi. 2k^T or • en{ ln plain wrmpper.
JJtgSK 4&%\ br expreKS. pr«p»id. tor
V«l»j^SlyB $1.00. or 3 bottles M.T4.
910
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE FIELD AND THE RING
CLEVER PONIES
AT DEL MONTE
More Than One Hundred Used
for Polo and for Racing
JYill Bo on Hand to Compete
FAST GOING PROMISED
When Silver Dick, Becky and
Miss Miller Start a Great
Struggle Is Sure to Ensue
The cScials of the California, Polo
and Pony Racing Association were
overwhelmed yesterday with entries
for their initial meeting, which opens
to-morrow at Del Monte. More^ than
100 ponies will be on the ground and
the question of transportation, became
a eerious one during the day. It was
finally decided to charter a epecJal en
gine, which will take down the cars
containing the remaining ponies this
morning.
There are an average of twelve en
tries for each of the races on Thursday
and Saturday. Some of these minia
ture race horses have been in training
on the <juset and a number of sur
prises will be sprung when the saddling
bell sounds. The colors of several new
espirants for racing honors will be seen
for the first time.
Paul Clagstone has brought the pony
MJss Miller down from the north and
much Is expected of her, as she has a
big reputation as a sprinter. When
the hooks up with Silver Dick and
Becky the spectators will see a con
test eeldom presented by ponies.
T. A. Driscoll, secretary of the asso
ciation, sent word from Del Monte yes
terday that Monday's rain had not
reached there and that both the track
end the polo field would be in excellent
condition for the meetings J. A. Cody,
an experienced track man from the
touth, is assisting in placing it In good
order.
The majority of the poloists leave
tor Del Monte to-day in order to get
us much practice as possible on the
field and to work out their ponies.
There is a scarcity of good gentlemen
Jockeys and the services of the best
riders will bo in strong demand.
UNION" SWITCHMEN WILT.
HOLD FIRST AWLAL BATiti
Settl Rock JiOdffe Xo. 197 to Be "At
Home"' 1'riday l^Tcnins at Na
tive Sons' Hall.
Se.il Rock Lodge No. 197, Switch
men's Union of North America, will
hold Its first annual ball on the even
ing- of February 19 at Xative Sons'
U.ill, 414 Mason street. Elaborate
preparations have been made for the
entertainment of a large number of
quests. The management of the af
fair is in the hands of the following
members of Lodge 1J»7:
Committee of wranporapntE — J. P. Murphy
(chairman). F. H. BJadnran, George Elliott.
Kioor manager — F. II. Ulackwell.
AstlFtant floor manaBPr — J. J. Allen.
Moor committee — C. Hobrcn, D. O. Pankey.
H. E. Williams, .1. J. Linsey. James P. Mur
ray. H. AJvera, James n. Meliean, 13. Y\\ Bry
ant. V. .^peer*. Ed Horan. F. K. Donham, C.
K. Lewis. ' Georg-e K!liott. F. H. Fethercff. II.
Df'hman, A. il'Jlcahy. C. Byrne, Bert Waush.
Hrccption cemmittef — Fred Miller (chair
man). F. S. Larigdon. Gecrge L. Martin, John
* "rofton. 1Vi!Mam Ferris Sam Noll, W. s<.
Itanktn. C. Symon*. M. J. Curran, John Kelley,
li. T. O'Rourke. \V. J. Poynez. E. S. Brown,
Thomas Kiley. C. Addingt.cn. II. Bmenoo, K.
A hers. U. N. Foster. C. Crew, I*. S. Hackett,
A. K. L«ir.£.
VALKVTINCS KVIDKNCE
IN ACTION FOR DIVORCE
Mary Silta. to Prove Her Charge That
Her Husband Is Cruel, Shows
Court Hideous Missives.
Valentines played an important
part yesterday in a divorce proceeding
in Judge Graham's court. Mrs. Mary
Mlva offered them in evidence to show
that her husband, Joppph Silva, was
cruel to her. The valentines were all
of the comic variety and the partic
ularly hideous or.es, which Mrs. Silva
{-■aid were sent by her husband to an
noy her, contained in addition to the
lisual doggerel, the words, "This is
you."
.Suits for divorre wore filed yester
day by Charles \Y. Lovell against Ag
ues G. Love'l for intemperance, Mabfl
C. Lees njrainst Robert S. Lees for
neglect, Kulalie de Hamper against
Tielmas de 'Ramper for neglect and
Minnie Young against Henry Young
for cruelty.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Klcanor V. A. Herzog from Henry F.
Herzog for intemperance. Flora Com
micio from Louis Commicio for cru
elty, Mary Fallen from James Fallon
for cruelty, she being given permission
to resume her maiden name, O'Con
nor, and YV. E. Bellina from Victoria
Bellina for desertion.
The Austrian warship Kaiser!*
Elizabet has left Pola^for Australia
en a voyage of scientific* research.
ADVEKT1SEMENTS.
GET WHAT
r f©R— the
1 ' . GEfiflUfifaE I
Ej The most-wonderful record In all history— merit made it. Advertising has I
|i 6erved to make CASCARETS known, but the greatest advertisement ever a
ra printed could do no more than get a person to try CASCARETS once. Then I
M comes the test, and if CASCARETS did not prove their merit there would I
|3 not be a sale of over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. This success ha3 been I
n made by the kind words of our friends. No one who tries CASCARETS 1
jjj falls to be pleased and talk nicely about them. CASCARETS are easiest to 1
M buy. to carry, to take, to give— THE PERFECT HOME MEDICINE. They are £
Q a perfect cure for Constipation. Appendicitis. Biliousness, Sour Stomach H
|| Sick Headache. Bad Breath. Bad Blood, Pimples, Piles, Worms and all bowel ■
fl diseases. Genuine tablet stamped C O C. NEVER SOLD IN BULK. All K
H druggists. 10c, 25c, 50c. Sample and booklet free. ||
|f Address STERLING REMEDY CO, Chicago or New York. H
I N D7r CATKARTI C \
9 ANNUAL SALE— TEW MILLION BOXES \
h Greatest in tho World 6 » %
REDFERN RIDES
THREE WINNERS
Horses From the Stable of
"Boots" Durnell Are Success
ful at Ascot Park Track
FAVORITES ARE IN FRONT
Make a Clean Sweep of the Card
Except in the Fifth Ra«e,
Which Second Choice Wins
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 16.— The races
at Ascot were run to-day In a steady
rainfall, but, notwithstanding the
changed conditions, favorites made a
clean sweep, except In the fifth, which
was won by an 8 to 6 second choice.
The books lost a considerable sum to
the small crowd of regulars In attend
ance. The feature of the day's sport
was the euccess of horses owned or
trained by C. E. Durnell and ridden
by Redfern. Canejo, Ellwood and Sir
Hugh scored firsts and Golden Rule ran
second In their respective , races.
Scratches were numerous.
Military won the first race from Alice
Cary and Almoner In the order named.
Canejo, the 6 to 5 favorite in the sec
ond, won from Emshee and Emir.
The third event fell to Ellwood, with
Felipe Lugo second and Klelnwood
third.
The fourth had four Btarters, with
Stemwinder favorite at evens. He wcrn
handily from Golden Rule, with Ocy
rohe third.
All but three In the fifth race were
scratched and they ran In this order:
Sir Hugh, Cloche d'Or and Erne.
Winnifreda, at 4 to 5, ran away from
her field in the sixth and won by uix
lengths. Rio Chico was second and
Thlsbe third.
Weather rainy; track muddy.
SUMMARY.
First race, Slauson cours«, Eclllnr — Mili
tary. 118 (Mil*?), S to 1. won; Alice Oary, liiJ
iKedrern), 7 to 2. second; Almoner. 118 (Mil
ler), 12 to 1. third. Time, 1:13. IMrate, Wa
chuBPtt. Katherlne Ennls, .Tim Gore II. james
J. Corbett, Nanon. Miss Xettie, laureates, and
Sharpless aiso ran.
Second race, mile, seljin? — Canejo, 107 (Red
fern), tf to Ti, won; Emshee, 107 (Mountain).
10 to 1. second; Emir, 9S <Ij. Jackson), 1(» to
I. third. Time, 1:40. Homage, lllua Ridge.
MacGyle, Peaforth, Pir.g. Mr. Itobinson, Dr.
lifrnaje and Invictus al«o ran.
Third rtce, seven furlongs — Ellwood, 110
(R<»<ifern), 11 to 5, won; Felipe IVJffo. OS (L.
.TarkFon). 1- to 1. fcond; Kleinwocd, 5>S (J.
Booker*. & to 1, third. Time. 1:30. Columbia
Girl, Palm Reader. Foneasta and Rian also
ran.
Fourth race, owners' handicap, six fur
lonjrs — Stemwinder, fell (J. bewia), even, won;
Golden Rul», 102 fRedf:rr). 2?s to 1. hecond:
Ocyrohe. 65 (Callahan), «J to t, th'M. lime,
1:10. Cru7.ados r.lso ."an.
Fifth race, one enl .1 sixteenth milts, tell
ing — £lr Hucn. l<io (rt?<1fi»r.i>. 8 to f>. won;
Oloche d'Or. !<2 :Ja.Mi.v>n.>. 7 to R. second;
Erne, 99 (J. Lewis), 5 to 2, third. Time,
1 ;.•—
Sixth race, fix 'urlon^s. Felling — "Winni
freda, 98 (J. Booker). 4 to 5. w.->n; Rio Cbico,
112 <Hoar), 4 to 1. «eeo>H; Thlpbe, ;io (Dono
van), 6 to 1, third. Time. l:1"ii- Skirnsisli,
Jhillic Bead:. J-suIy F«»nse, Mi'Anx. Kamar
and Louise Meintnsr ••«:> ran.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Fob. 16.— Crescent City
results:
Firct rac, mile, selling — Past won. Satchel
aerond, Captain Ilamm third. Time, 1:412-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Typhonlc won,
St. Marco second, Joe Ooss third. Time,
1:13 i-.V
Third race, mile — Foresight won. Floral
King- second. Walnut Hills third. Time,
1 :4O 3-5.
Fourth race, mile — Peeper won, Aulea sec
ond. Establish third. Time. 1:413-5.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles —
Oravina won,. Colonpl Tyler second, Santa
Teresa third. Time. 2:01 1-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Irene Lindsay won.
Frank Bell second. Autumn Leaves third.
Time, 1:00.
EDDIE IIANLON IS MATCHED
TO FIGHT GEORGE DECKER
The Opponent of the Californian Is
Considered the Best Feather
tveight in Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 16. — Eddie
Hanlon. the California featherweight
boxer, was matched to-day to meet
George Decker before the National
Athletic Club on March 1. Decker Is
considered the best featherweight in
Philadelphia.
Harry Foley, the middle-weight
champion of the Pacific Coast, who
came East with Hanlon, was also
matched to-day. He will meet George
Cole before the National Athletic Club
on Saturday night next.
Crushed Under Wheels.
A man supposed to have been Rob
ert Burnes was crushed to death un
der the wheels of the Belt Railroad
train on East street, near Vallejo, late
yesterday afternoon. The train was
backing up and no one waa aware of
anything wrong until a cry from the
man attracted the attention of the en
gineer. A piece of paper bearing the
name Robert Burnes, a box of French
candy from a store at 3021 Sixteenth
street and railroad pass No. 1636 were
found in the dead man's pocket.
ROME. Feb. 1C— A shock of earthquake hat
been felt at Calabria. Sicily.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY IT, 1904.
PRINCESS TITANIA IS FIRST,
A NOSE AHEAD OF FUTURITA
Favorites Capture Two
Purses at Ingle
side.
In a finish that was so close and so
exciting: that not until the numbers had
been flashed on the indicator from the
judges' stand were any tickets torn up.
Princess Titanla waB awarded a nose
verdict over Futurita In the Bix and a
half furlong handicap yesterday at In
gleside.
There were only four starters, and
the Princess, with Johnny Daly up.
was a pronounced favorite in the bet
tingr. "Big Bill" Knapp, on Futurita,
succeeded in parting: company with the
others on the far turn, reaching the
etretch with a commanding lead. Had
Knapp not lost a world of ground on
the bend the finish would not have
been close. But he did, and when nabbed
by Daly after passing the paddock
gate his mount lost the decision by a
short nose. Arabo finished an ordinary
third. -v
TIIE TRACK IMPROVES.
The track had dried out remarkably
fast over night. It was, of course,
heavy, but little or no mud was flying,
and the weather turned off clear and
cool. El Piloto and Princess Titania
were the only winning favorites.
Harbor was there in the opening
six-furlong run with a varied assort
ment of speed, and, well played at
7 and 8 to 1, won rather handily from
Rlesca. The latter mare, backed from
15 down to 6, might have won had
Cross made a closer turn into the
stretch, when leading the bunch.
Travers finished on the inside with
Harbor, saving considerable ground.
Serenity, the favorite, received a de
lightful going over at the hands of
Foley, finishing third. Red Bird led
for three furlongs and then died away.
Pruewood. piloted by Hildebrand
and at one stage of the betting 25 to 1,
captured the next, a six and a half
furlong spin, decided under selling
conditions. Suburban Queen, the fa
vorite, led almost to the stretch, where
Pruewood took the lead. In a hard
drive Hildebrand landed the outsider
first, less than a length before Adiron
dack. Willie See, on Possart, a 12 to 1
shot, was a close third. The first
choice died away to nothing.
FAVORITE RUNS FOURTH.
Although Velma Clark never showed
to much advantage over a heavy
track, Hildebrand had the leg up.
which served as sufficient excuse for
the books to chalk her up an 8 to 5
choice. Her price later on in the bet
ting touched threes and she ran fourth
in a five-horse race. El Piloto, with
Foley in the saddle, finally closed fa
vorite and downed Flaneur without
much difficulty. Pierce J was third.
Trainer Tobe Ramsey did not think
Bombardier good enough to win the
mile and fifty-yard selling purse. . It
so happened that on this special occa
sion G. W. Trahern was the only one
of the other four starters possessing
any speed. The latter horse made all
the running and in a long driving fin
ish enly lost the decision by half a
length. Foley rode the , favorite, Ax
minster,* which ran third. His effort
in the saddle was assuredly a brilliant
one. "Big Bill" Knapp piloted Dun
gannon, which opened favorite, and he
lost ground enough to win a dozen
races. Caronal, another heavily backed
one, finished strong on the outside, but
got nothing.
It looked like forcing matters a bit
in starting Mr. Dingle again, notwith
standing which he was Installed favor
ite for the concluding mile and a six
teenth recital. He made a game bid for
the money, but after leading through
out Expedient beat him half a length
at the finish. The winner was well
ridden by Jack Martin. Chickadee ran
third.
NOTES OF TIIE TRACK.
Hildebrand landed Bombardier
first and then left the track in order
to catch the Owl train for Los An
geles. He departs with^the satisfac
tion of knowing that he leads all of
the riders in the number of winning
mounts.
Saturday will be the closing day of
the season at Ingleside. Many of the
horses are coughing and as Oakland
appears to be more popular with the
horsemen the California Jockey Club
has decided to transfer the scene of
racing operations to the track across
the bay. The California Derby will
be decided o"h Monday next.
President Thomas H. .Williams and
wife returned yesterday from a visit
to our sister republic. While in the
City of Mexico Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liams were most hospitably enter
tained by Fred Finchler of El Paso,
Ignacio de la Torre, son-in-law of
President Diaz of Mexico, and by Al
berto Tarrazas, son of the Governor of
Chihuahua.
Foley left for Hot Springs last
night, where he Joins the stable of his
employer, Paul Miles.
Johnny Schorr started Olympian for
the first time at the meeting in the
handicap. He bled and was pulled up
by Reed.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — One mile; four-year-olds and up*
selling:
6040 'Fair Lady Anna (McCatferty) 08
0993 Kuckumbob (Walz & Co.) 105
(6016)Gllssando (Romigh) 105
6054 Outburst (McAlester) 108
(6060)Poloniu« (Stewart & Co.) 108
6893 Arthur Ray (Clayton) 103
€031 'Anvil (Murray) 100
G054 Goldflnder (Fitzgerald) ,.101
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two.
year-olds; purse:
(582:i)Gloomy Gus (Burns & Waterhouse)....no
0089 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.) 10s
<«0.tO)My Order (Ryan) uo
fiClS Onondulum (Miller).; in*
COT>1 Edith Vice (Hlldreth) H105
5895 Tar Flat (San Joaquln Stable).... 105
G'J'.n Steel Wire (Stover) 105
(COlB)Bofio K!ey (Blasingame) -. no
COT9 Only Jlmmie (Washoe Stable) 10.1
(5809)Golden Idol (Rowell) 113
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
5922 »Flo Manola (Daly) 95
('(0(5 Instrument (McAllister & Co.).. . , 103
6018 Instructor (Boots & Hollenbeck). . , 10.1
OKJ8 'Standard (McAlester) 06
0018 George Berry (Boettger) "ion
/(C027)»Hulford (Stover) ~-~ 93
Fourth race— One and a sixtenth miles
thr»e-year-olda and up; handicap*
(6043) Bill Massie (McAlester) 100
C041 Jockey Club (Fisher) !..".']0<5
C041 Modicum (Fountain) . . 'me
6041 Kenllworth (Stover) .7.... 114
6041 Lord Melbourne (Bender & Co.).*. io:j
6SC9 Proper (Jennnlnga & Co.) l^fi
6C05 Judge (Daly) 95
Fifth race— Futurity course: four-year-olds
and up: rolling:
COM) 'Young Morello (Scharetg) .....'. ....101
6052 Haridpress (Magranc) . ico
60.12 Quiz II (McCafTerty) ...100
6MB 'Egyptian Princess (O'Rourke)....:... 96
r.7:*f) Hlpponax (Lane) lot?
G029 'Amoruna (McGuIre) f)2
(GfOO)nrennus (Judge) ..107
6020 John Bojtrs (Church) -..103
•6902 'Hustle Girl fl'itigerald) 96
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: selling:
(n89C)St. Wlnnlfrlde (Painter)..... 105-
S897 Ethel Abbott (Miller). 91
IW74.K. M. Brattaln (Mlllln) .li;t
COGS 'Futurita (Kraft) .... ..\... ........ W.I
(«040)Hainault (Thoma* & Reavey) 10!)
G78R Nervator (Boots & Hollenbeck)...... 108
6040 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) ........ 07
'Apprentice allowance t
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S ' RACING FORM CflART.
INGLESIDE BACETgACK — TUESDAY. Feb. 16. — Weather fine. Track muddy.
OOCa. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; maiden 3-year-olds: value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i . '4.. %. Str. Fin, I Jockey. Op] cT.
6004 Harbor (H. B. R 0 Wfcll) ...... 107 5 ... 34 3 2^2 n 12 Travirstj... 6 1
&995 Rlesca (O. W. Boesecke) 102 3 ... 2 1%1 % 1 2^2 h Cross 15 «
601S Serenity (Dayton & Co.) 102 * ..'. .Mi«m 1^3 lVt Foley •.','. :". 2 13-5
6027 Jack Little (\V. P. Fine) 109 7 ... 6h 5h « n 4 2»,4 Bell ....... « 10
G054 Hogarth (Winter & Co.) 104 6 ... 4n 4 1>£5 1 .5 1% Knapp .... 10 20
C031 Instrument (McAllister <fc Co.) 112 8 .. . » '1 8 n 7 2»4O 3 J. Daly...,, 6 T
COJ, Red Bird (E. Slaughter) 102 1 ... 1 2'^'J 4 -3 2%7 4 Hildebran* 4 7-2 ,
60J ( Orso (J. D. Fitzgerald) 109 10 ... S % 71 8 X .8 « J. T. Shehn 10 25 I
C02< Inspector Munro (Fox) 112 0 .... 10 lit 0 4 B8 Bonr.er 20 25
6960 Stlmy (B. J. Hooper) 110 2 ... 7 2>i9 5 10 10 See 30 60
Liz. Ward (E. W. Fitzgerald) 102 Left ... ... Roach 20 80
Time— :24>£, :40i£, ms At post 2 minutes. Oft at "2:04. Harbor, place. 5-2; show. 6-5.
Rlesca. plac9. 5-2; show. 6-5. Serenity, show 3-5 Winner b. c. by Handsprlng-Astrlds.
Trained by II. B. Rowell. Scratched— Gateway. Start fair. Won in a drive of three.
Travers made no mistakes to-day with Harbor. Cross on Rletca threw race away by
wide turn Into the stretch. Serenity wretchedly ridden^ She could have won. Jack
Tattle had Bell up and no noise. Red Bird barked a3 usual.
«O0.*t. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $328.
Index Horse and Owner. . Wt St. 14 • *A. ?*. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
6954 Pruewood. 6 (J. McAllister).. 94 3 ... 4nlnl2 1»i Hildebrand 10 13
f.9flO Adirondack 4 (Shannon) 00 2 ... 3h 4 2 ',42 I 2h <C Smith... 5-2 lfi-5
6O2S Possart. 6 (J. E Case) 112 S ... fi h 6 1 4 1 3 4 See I S 12
€050 Rl Pilar. 8 (A. A. Haskell) . . . 101 5 ... »2 »3 fth 4h |Bonner I 20 25
6054 Virgle d'Or, 8 (Becker) 101 4 ... 2 IWi 1 3 n 5 2'4 J. T. Sh-hn 8 S
€020 Sub. Que*n. 4 (Winter & Co.)ll04 1 ... In 2. h 0 n '6 4 Knapp 8-5 3-2
6003 Sam Lazarus Esq.. a <Stoer)ll04 7 . ..5 1 6n 72 7 2 Foley 2t» 25
09C6 Lunga. 5 (Mrs' McMlchaels). W ft ... 8 4 "!JS1'83 Sherwood . 20 3i>
COf.4 Candidate. 5 (H. E. Rowell). 90 « ,/. in 8 2 9 5 HI Travers ..." -7 9
5966 Grand Sachem, a (Moran)*... 105 10 f . . 10 10 10 10 , Bell 15 25
Time— :25. :49»4. 1:1SU, 1:25%. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:29. Pruewood. place. 6: show.
8. Adirondack, place, 9-10; show. 2-5. Possart. show, :;. Winner, ch. m. by Wood
moss-Prue Blackburn. Trained by J. W. Foreman. Scratched — Sue Johnson. Colonel
Smith. Start good. Won in a drive of faur. Only a good ride landed Pruewood. Adi
rondack about ran his race. Possart closed well. Suburban Queen quit. Vtrgle d'Or
won't do. Candidate no speed.
«O«4. THIRD RACE-^-Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ~Wt St. >i . \f. %\ Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(.1994) El Piloto. 6 (H. W. Hoag).. 102 2 1 2>41 1*2 % 2 4 1 2 Foley 11-5 9-5.
6053 Flaneur, 6 (C. McCaff erty) . . 101 3 2 -"Ji 2 n 1 '4 1 n 2 2S Bonner | 16-5 5-2
C055 Pierce J 0 ■ (H Stover) 11C 1 4 15 4 7 -3 Mi 4 6 3 3V6lSee j 5 ft
(5910) Velma Clark 6 (McAlester).. 100 4 3 *i « 2i>4 7 :: 1 4 5 Hildebrand 8-5 3
5944 Leash. 4 (L.. Levy) 94 5 5 5 5 5 ■ B |Earnshaw .| 30 100
Time— :25. :5O«4; l:17"i. 1:31. At post \V 3 - minutes. Off at 2:56^. Piloto. place. 11-20;
show. out. Flaneur, place. 7-10; show. out. Plerfce. show. out. Winner, br. g. by
Gano-Clodomiro. Trained by H. W. Hoag. Scratched— Yellowstone. Start fair. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. Winner best. Flaneur no excuses. Pierce J did his
best. Velma Clark likes a fast track.
0006. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards; selling: 3-year-old.« and up: to first, $325.
Index ' Horse and Owner. WtlSt. ■%. Vi. »;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op] cT.
6018 Bombardier 3 (F Skinner).. 8S 2 1 1 1 h 2 2'il n 1 Vj IHlldebrand 5 23-5
(6019) G ' W. Trahern 5 (Quinlan).. 113 B 3 12 \K\ >j 2 2>,£2 3 |J. T. Shehn 6 7
0043 Axminster 5 (W. D Randall) 10T5 15 5 v. 4 3 3 h Foley 2 5-2
((!031) Dungannon 3 (Knebelkamp). 89 3 2n 4 1.31 Sh 4n Knapp 9-5 13-5
(5S73) Caronal. . 4 (C. W. Chappelle) 107 4 4 h 3 2 4 »; 5 5 Stuart 6 4
Time — :26»4. :51& l:17 1 i. 1:45?4. 1:49. At post Vi minute. Off at 3:20<i. Bombardier,
place S-5; show out" Trahern. place, 11-5; sliow. 3-5. Axminster. show. out. Win
ner, b. g. by Maxlo-Middie Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start good. Won In a
drive of three. Winner received a stronjr ride. Trahern ran to his notch. Axminster
delightfully handled. Xo flowers, please. Knapp on Dungannon bad an opportunity to
save a block of ground on stretch, but didn't. Caronal again late.
OOGrt. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $400.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Vt • M- ?i • Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5957) Princess Titania. 6 (Millin).. 109 1 1 h 2 1%2 1%2 3 1 ns J. Daly.... 1 . 4-5
6006 Futurita. 4 (W. H. Kraft) 95 3 S 2 SB 12 1 «i 2 5 Knapp 3 23-5
(5921) Arabo 4 (W B. Jennings).. 109 2 2 »£ 1 h 3 3 3 .1. Martin.. 8-5 11-5
.Olympian. 0 "(J. F. Schorr).. 1101 4 4 4 Bfed |Reed 15 16
Time— :23s; :49 1:1615. 1:2**;. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:50>i. Princess, place. 2-7;
show out. Futurita place C-5; show, out. Arabo. show, out. Winner, b. m. by
Mase'tto-Queen Titania. Trained by C. Young. Start good. Won In a very hard drire
of two. Finish a very close one Indeed. Knapp lost an acre of ground on stretch turn
with Futurita. "or it would not have been close. Arabo apparently sulked.
«O«7. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mile*: Selling; 4-year-old3 and up: to first. $S25.
Index) Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. V* • J A- ?4 • Str. Fin. Jockey. j Op. Cl.
6042~ Expedient a (P. E. Smith)., lffi 1 5 5 3 1 3 1 1 !i J. Martin.. 3 11-5
6055 Mr ■•Dingle, 4 (E. Tierney)... 104 4 1 1^1 1%1 2^1 Itf2 7 Foley 5-2 S-5
0042 Chickadee. 8 (MnCafterty) . . . . 109 2 4h 4h 4n 2n3 4 Bonneiv.... 7-2 13-2
«0"8 The Counsellor 4 (Cotton)... 101 3 2 «4 3 I>.i5 & < n W. T. Shehn 2<> 50
CC07 Boutonnlere. 4 ' (F. Jones) 101 5 3 1 2 % 2 h 4 1^5 Roach . 3 16-5
T | me :25» 4 -.5114 1:18, 1:46. 1:52. At post l<, minute. Off at 4:16. Expedient, place.
7-l6" show out Dingle, place 3-5: show, out. Chickadee, show. out. Winner, ch. R.
bv Flambeau-Experiment. Trained by P. E. Bmith. Scratched— Nllgar. Start good.
Won In a drive of two. Third easily. Expedient best. Mr. Dingle grew weary. Chick
adf' ran a fair race. Boutonniere quit badly. . ,.
; - ■ ■ *f
BURTON MUST
GO TO TRIAL
United States District Court
Overrules Demurrer of Kansas
Senator in the Fraud Case
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 16.— Judge Adams,
in the United States District Court,-to
day overruled the demurrer of United
States Senatdr Joseph R. Burton of
Kansas to the indictment charging him
with accepting money for using his in
fiuence in preventing the issuance of
a fraud order, against the Rialto Grain
a.id Securities Company.
The trial of the Senator was set for
March 22. A panel of sixty jurors has
been ordered for that date.
In reading his decision Judge Adams
consumed twenty-five minutes, giving
each point raised by the defendant
careful analysis. Both Senator Burton
and Major Hugh C. Dennis of the
Rialto Grain and Securities Company
were in court. The indictment grew
out of the troubles of the Rialto Grain
and Securities Company, when that
concern ran afoul of the United States
Postoffice Department and further use
of the mails was denied it. It is
charged that for $500 per month Sen
ator Burton was to use his Influence
to have the embargo removed.
In filing the demurrer to the indict
ment the defendant contended that the
postmaster did not have the authority
to forbid the Rialto Grain and Securi
ties "Company the use of the mails or
to issue a fraud order. Also that there
was no substantial charge of fraud
at the time. Both of these questions
were dismissed by Judge Adams with
the remark that he was not Impressed
with them. The question as to whether
the United States was interested in
the case called for a more extended
opinion, but Judge Adams held that It
was interested. He then ordered the
case to be tried March 22.
Water Polo at Lurlinc Baths.
The match game of water polo at
the Lurllne Baths last night between
members of the Lurline Swimming
Club resulted In a score of 4 to 1 lh
favor of the team made up of T. Har
ris, H. Heinz, A. Heinz, J. A. Geddes,
W. P. Stockton, George Harris,
captained by W. Harris. They defeat
ed H. Seebach, W. Baldwin, E. Dawson,
O. Schultz. B. Bray and George Daw
son, with W. Pomin captain.
Horse Show in March.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16. — The annual
horse and livestock show at Livermore
will open , the first Saturday in March
and will continue for several days.
The arrangements for the show are in
charge of the following committee:
President, H. M. Christenson: secre
tary. Theo Goemen; treasurer, Clint
Smith.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First race — Fair l>ady Anna. Folonins,
Anvil.
Second race — My Order, Bob Kagon,
Golden Idol.
Third race — Halrord, Flo. Manola,
George Berry.
Fourth race— Proper, Lord Melbourne,
Kenllworth.
Fifth race — Brennus, Rnstic Girl,
Hlpponax.
v Sixth race— Hainault, E. M. Brattain,
St. Winifrlde. -4^^SMHH|Hn
FLOATS DOWN
RIVER ON LOG
Unknown Man Observed in a
Perilous Position in a Storm-
Swollen Stream of the North
REDDING, Feb. 16.— According to re
ports from points north, a man shout
ing for help is riding down the storm
swollen Sacramento River on a- log.
He is said to have passed Kennet at
dusk, and "was seen at Central Spur,
farther south a short while later. The
stranded individual must have passed
Redding during the night. This morn
ing, unless dead, he must be far down
the valley.
The sun was shining this morning
after the fiercest rainstorm experienced
in the northern counties in a long while.
The Sacramento River was twenty-one
feet above normal last night, the high
est point attained In many years. All
creeks are running bank full. Mail
stages due here last night from Bieber,
Lassen County; Weaverville, Trinity
County; Delmar, Shasta County, and
Harrison Gulch, Shasta County, have
not yet arrived. Nothing can . be
learned about any of them this morn
ing. Railroad traffic is also seriously
crippled by the storm. A landslide six
miles north of Dunsmuir held trains
all day yesterday. It was just cleared
last night and trains passed through,
when the mountain side again slid
down, covering the track twenty feet
deep for a hundred yards. So the trains
are again tied up to-day.
Richie Knocks Out De Coursey.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 16. — Johnnie
Richie of Brooklyn and Billy de
Coursey of Los Angeles fought twelve
rounds of a scheduled twenty-round
contest to-night before the San Diego
Athletic Club. Richie won and proved
himself a clever ring general. He
went after De Coursey from the start
and kept him on the run continually.
He landed many heavy blows, but was
not able to knock his man out until
the beginning 6t the thirteenth round.
De Coursey showed himself a glutton
for- punishment and put up a game
fight. -.He was outclassed by a better
man and a veteran fighter.
Kelly Makes Peculiar Charge.
In a suit for 1 $50,000 damages for
breach of contract filed yesterday by
John Kelly, a milkman, against the
Bay Counties Commercial Company
he makes a Deculiar charge in support
of his allegation that he has been
hurt by the actions of the defendant.
He says the defendant agreed to fur
nish him first-class milk and then
gave him such a poor quality that one
of, his customers, whose little child
died, told his other customers that the
milk had caused the death of the lit
tle one. .Kelly says the rumor ef
fectually ruined his business and
caused him great pecuniary loss.
St. Mary's Will Play Berkeley.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1 6. — The baseball
team of the University of California
and the first team of St. Mary's Col
lege, will cross; bats to-morrow after
noon on -the university campus. • As
both teams are strong a good game is
expected. The batteries will be: Uni
versity of California: Pitchers, Hughes
and, Heitmuller; catcher, Hatch:. St.
Mary's: Pitchers, Ferguson and
Schofleld; catcher, Poultney.
BERKELEY NINE
AT PRACTICE
Only Four Players Left of Those
Who Sported the Blue and
Gold in Last Year's Games
ADAMS TO CAPTAIN TEAM
The Man Who Succeeds 0v
1 erall as Leader Will Fill
the Position of Shortstop
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— Now that the
captaincy has been fixed by the elec
tion of "William W. Adams to command
the baseball men of the University of
California, the players . have settled
down to hard, consistent work. Nothing
bothers them now except the rain, and
all they have to attend to is the educa
tion of their catching fingers and bat
ting eyes.
Despite the fact that there are only
four of last year's varsity men left on,
the team and that the loss of Overall
has pierced a big hole in the pitching
department, there still seems a good
chance to win the intercollegiate series.
In the two games the team has played
It has won with consummate ease. Un
practlced as it Is, it has gone out and
beaten the alumni team with its com
bination of former stars and captains,
among whom were Overall, with his
swift, unerring twisters. In the first of
these the -score was 11 to 5, in the sec
ond 6 to 2.
These games demonstrated that the
pitching material is not going to be so
inadequate as was first thought.
Hughes, a youth from the Oakland
High School and a freshman, pitched
against the redoubtable Overall in the
first game and acquitted himself well.
The only trouble about Hughes is that
he may not be eligible to go into the
game, as he has something to make up
in. his studies before he will be a full
fledged member of the university.
Hughes promises to correct this trou
ble, but his colleagues say he will have
to hurry up if he wants to get in.
"Heine" Heitmuller of last year's
varsity, and Hadley^a recruit from the
Los Angeles High School, pitched in the
second game. Hadley officiated the first
three innings and Heitmuller the last
six. The alumni batters found Hadley
pretty often with their bats and rather
discouraged him. Heitmuller held them
down to a few scattering hits. He has
a ball that he shoots across the plate
like a cannon ball and confuses the
batters.
There is an interesting contest on be
tween Hatch and Bliss, both last year's
varsity men, for catcher. Hatch played
in the place last year and acquitted
himself well. Bliss is tired of second
base and wants to catch, and as he is
bigger and stronger and more ag
gressive than Hatch he may win out.
In that case Hatch will go either to
first or second base.
Graham, a sophomore, is playing first
base in good style. He is well ac
quainted with the game and knows
how to field as well as bat.
Second cushion is being played by
Gillis, formerly of Belmont. and Rob
inson, a Berkeley High School boy.
Gillis seems to have the best of ittand
fields the position like a man used to
it all his life. Robinson will be good
for the field in case he does not make
second base.
■At shortstop Captain Adams is all
alone in his glory. Nobody is likely to
disturb hiat there, because he knows
the position and fields well. His bat
ting is his most telling weakness, and
if he fails to make the team it will be
on that account.
For third cushion there are Strub
and Gunn, b/5th freshmen, who have
been bearing" up nobly under the re
sponsibilities and disappointments of
that hardest of jobs. This duo plays an
even game.
The fielding positions are all more or
less uncertain. It depends much upon
who'makes good on infield places. Ken
neth Hamilton. Spencer, Graham.
Hatch and Robinson are all eligible for
the left, center and right gardens.
"It's a little bit early to size up the
men." said Jack" McCarthy, the Cali
fornia coach, to-day. "We've only been
practicing a week or so. Judging from
the material and the way the men have
gone at their practice I don't see why
we can't ge.t up a winning team. There
are five new men to develop and fit in,
and that is no easy job. I must say I
am surprised at the work of some of
the freshmen who have just entered
college. They play the game very well
Indeed.
"I am inclined to think the team will
be weakest in batting. That is a usual
fault with college teams, and it will be
my work to overcome this defect as
much as possible. Heitmuller, Bliss,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GSa PAT I QA7 fc»
|H Arc a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent M
HI in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. j9
1|| Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster.
H DIRECTIONS FOR USE ti
HI S. or Jf-. lns m th 5 res J?, n ot For Rheumatism or Pains For Sor* Throat CotreJia. tM
E® Back.the plaster should be elsewhere, or far Spr.!ns. Lon»« a nd fcVwTinfal^fld H
m applied ai ( Ehown above. Stlll.es.. etc.. and for .ens.^ve pans JTthe abS^ H
B5a Wherever there is paia Achlnst Feet, cut plaster men, apply «iadi«^L M
£3 apply Alfcock's Plaster. sire and shape required and PVy malca * eU *
|gd . apply to pait affected as jjjl
pi Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs 1A
H Weak Chest, Weak Back ffl
II Lumbago, Sciatica, Ac, &c, 1
83 ' -a ♦ ? ** f 5" B E R-A""**' 8 Rasters are tho original and genuin* poroa» Pi
mt plaster and have never been equalled a* pain-euros? PurtherSore th?7S
It whrt£w nfe " 7 DOt contaiQ "piuin wTnj >&££ ffl
SPEED TRACK
PLANS MATURE
Committee Made Up of Repre
sentatives From Various Or
ganizations Sure of Success
DRIVERS NAME OFFICERS
Edward H. Aigeltinger Is Re
elected President of the
Golden Gate Park Association
Ths sportsmen who are working in
conjunction with the Park Commis
sioners in the matter of a new speed
way and an athletic field in Golden
Gate Park are sanguine of success.
The members of various organiza
tions which are Interested in the proj
ect have come forward with proffers
of assistance and will unite in an ef
fort to secure the desired improve
ment. The general committee having
the matter in charge will meet to
morrow night in the rooms of ths
Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion in the Palace Hotel. \V. J. Simp
son of the Driving Association is
chairman of the committee. E. J.
Lynch, representing the Pacific Ath
letic Association, secretary. The
preliminary plans include" room for a
half-mile track for speedway drivers.
a running track for athletes and a
field suitable for polo, lacrosse, foot
ball, baseball and other sports.
The annual meeting of the Golden
Gate Park Driving Association was
held last night at the Palace Hotel.
The following officers were elected for
tho ensuing term:
President. Edward H. Aigeltinger;
first vice president, I. B. Dalziel: sec
ond vice president. James de la Mon
tanya; treasurer. M. M. Donnelly; sec
retary. F. W*. Thompson; executive
committee, M. M. Donnelly, W. J.
Simpson and Arthur Jacobs.
It was decided to hold the first im
portant matinee races of the year at
Tanforan track on May 30. when an
ambitious programme will be present
ed by the speedway drivers.
As the members want to meet so
cially before that time it was decided
to have a smoker or some such en
tertainment shortly. The following
committee has the affair in charge:
T. J. Bannon, W. J. Simpson and John
Holland.
McDOXXELIi SENTENCED TO
FIFTEEN' MONTHS IN JAIIj
III* Case and That of William B.
Ewing Will Be Taken Up
on Appeal.
Bert Schlesinger and Frank Mc-
Gowan were allowed by United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday to
file a writ of error on appeal to th»j
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
in the case of William B. Ewing. con
victed of using the mails with intent
to further a fraudulent scheme known
as the Standard Oil Promotion and
Investment Company. Bail was fixed
at $6000.
The motion of Bert ScMesinger for
a new trial for George T. McDonnell
was denied and the prisoner was sen
tenced to fifteen months' imprison
ment in the penitentiary at San Quen
tin. A stay of five days was granted
to allow the attorneys to prepare a
bill of exceptions. McDonnell had
been convicted of using the mails for
a fraudulent purpose.
The salvage suit of Mrs. Frances
Hainque against the launch Famigrlia
Unita was heard before Judce de Ha
ven in the afternoon and submitted.
On December 22 of last year tho
launch was upset by a squall outside
the heads and its occupants, Giuseppl
Girardi and Salvatore Girardl, fisher
men, were drowned. Other fishermen
in two boats recovered the launch,
and while towins it about a mile and
a half south of the Cliff House th"
line parted, the launch was up3Pt by
the breakers and drifted toward thi
shore. Then the libelant, Mrs. Hain
que. ran into the breakers, fastened
a line to It and secured it. until men «t
the life-saving station dragged it upon
the beach. Thp launch cost $570, aud
after the wreck it was appraised at
$80.
Costly Blaze in Minneapolis.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., Feb. 16.
Fire to-night gutted the Printers' Ex
change building, a six-story brick
structure. Loss $120,000.
Graham. Gillis, Strub and Robinson
are all fair stickmen. but none of them
heavy hitters. What we want to Uo in
to develop hard hitters. Then we will
be safe."BOARD OBJECTS
TO DISMISSAL
Department of Works Clashes
With Civil Service Commis
sion Over Paver's Removal
CHARGES ARE SUSTAINED
Employe Found Guilty of Xejr
lc<-t of Duty, but Mitigation of
Puuisbraent Js Recommended
Thf Board of Public Works was made
aware resterday that it has not the
power u- dismiss ft civil service em
ploye unless the Civil Service Com
mission concurs in the dismissal. At
least such is the opinion «>f the last
named body regarding: the case of
Michael Murphy, a street paver, who
was piven a public triai on charges of
alleged nearloct of duty and found
puilty by the Civil Service Commis
sion.
In nc-tifyinp the Board of Works that
the charges aprainst Murphy had been
Futtained the Ofvil Service Commis
sion stated that his dismissal would be
too severe a penalty and recommended
that he be simply reprimanded. The
Board of Public Works paid no atten
tion to the recommendation, but
prr.Tr.ptly dismissed Murphy because he
had been found guilty of the charges.
"When the Civil Service Commission was
made acquainted with the action of the
Board of Works it transmitted%the fol
lowing communication to the latter
board:
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1«.— To the Board
of TuMic Workr— Gentlemen : The Civil Ser
vlre OcjnmlEsl^r.cr? <lr«ire to acknowlfdee re
ceipt of your communication of the 12th inst..
in ■n.-rilch It ls= Ftatod that by resolution So.
T.42r. <.f your honrratjlp board, passed February
lo. l".<i>4, Michael Murphy, paver, was dls
mlsfrfl from the fervlce.
Iti this ci>nr.et'tlcn we rterlre to direct your
KtXCBtioa to rectlon ;*J crt'.cie XIII cf the char
ter, v. Jiich provtdea the only matmer in which
civil ser\ice a;.i.rir.tee« may b<s dirralssr-d
from the service — by th« firidlns and declslun
of the Civil service Corr.mJssioners.
In the ilurphy case, as shown by our lftter
of the :)th ir.st. to your honorable board, the
Cr.mmiJ'yicTicTS believe, notwithstanding Mur
pbjr'fl that dlEmiftal WUl be too severe
ft pur.i>hracnt. and that a reprimand with a
vaif.lnr will be sufficior.t penalty. This con
clusion v.a."= based ujKJn all the clrrum^Uinces
of the case, and the Ktaten.ent made by th«
superintendent cf smnc ravenn-ntu that Mur
phy 1<? ono of the very best workmen in the
oity'p employ. The Comrrjas'lcnera. thrrefore.
reserved wr.tence in hi? case, and recommend
that he be given another trial.
We desire to r*>!nt out that until this com
mission pronounce* a sentence of dismissal
: : -a.: -■ lfurj.-h)- your honorable boar<l has no
i^pal right to dismiss him. Respectfully yours
CIVIL, SEBVTCE COMMISSION-.
B. F. MO.1AX, Chief Examiner.
Upon the order of the Civil Service
Commission. Murphy has reported for
work daily, and the Board of Works
discovers that its order of dismissal is
practical'^- nullified owin? to the stand
taken by the commission. The Board
of Works appears to have the whip
hand in the matter, as It will not ap
prove the salary demand of Murphy
dating frc-m the day of his dismissal.
Batteate Pleads Guilt)-.
George Eatteate pleaded guilty in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to a
charpe of burglary. He broke Into
ttie store of W. L. Olinser, 646 Fil
bert street, on December 1 and stole
a coat and vest. He was convicted by
a jury on Monday on a charpe of rob
bery arid will be sentenced on both
charges on Saturday.
g£W ADVEBTISEMEirra.
GOOD GSOT^iriG WEATHEE."
Whea the rev Scalp Antiseptic Is 17eed
A &ood head of hair is as much a
"crown of glory" for man as It is for
woman, notwithstanding all the poetry
on the subject applied to the female sex
exclusively. In the season when files
bite the bald-headed man can sympa-
thize with the Egyptians who were so
sorely plagued on account of the children
of Israel. Why not try Xewbro's Herpi-
cide? Other* have been benefited and
are loud In its praise. It cleanses the
scalp, kills the grerm at the root of the
ha!r and by keeping the scalp sweet,
pure and wholesome, the hair is bound to
grow as nature Intended, regardless of
the temperature. Try it and be con-
vinced. Sold by leading druggists. Send
3 0c In stamps for sample to The Herpi-
cidc Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
The Kind Yon Hsva Always Bought
Bears the /if? J2fj+-&?
Signature of L*ia<*/}£ J&&JZ4t£
PKlMtj tV^j*
and
Dcvclopiw^
AT CX7T FSICES.
My work In tUls line U Known all over
' the coast, and rcy prices appeal to every
* one. I have established a standard of
excellence in thla kind of trork which gives
. It n>ecial value.
Here are a. few of tny Jipurc'i-:
UEVELOFING. PKINTINO.
Roll of <i 10c St. ho finish. 3c to 5c
Koll of 12 13c Velox finish. 3c to fie
Hollowing are a 'ew prices of films for
]>or-ular sizes of kodak* r SizelVix2, 12 ex-
T posure.-s l£c; tMtt%; 6 exposures. 25c, 12
' espo8uri.-5, We; 2',-3X4Vi, 8 exposure*, E5c;
12 exposures. 50c; 3Ux4 1 4, fl exposures,
'StC, 12 exposures, "Oc; 3UXCV4. 6 expc»-
urcs, HOc; 12 exposures. Gbc. Also a full
line of other popular sires at reasonable :
prices.
Out of town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAH PITTS.
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 HASZST ST. Above Powell.
HAN I-'RAXCISCO.
ffllMie^M»WMWa^W»»^a^M^MMB^B»««l»»i^«MMB»ae^Ma^B»B^I^B^alB^B^B^B^B^BMam (
FVERY BLADE WARRANTED
Oc/ioo/s and Coi/egos.
LEAO1NC Bt-'EINESS COLLEGE <JK THE
WEFT. 2* Vrs*x «U. £an FraacUco, Cal.
Estnr.lft.hc-d 40 yeaxt. Open entire rear.
Writ* for Ulujtraied catalccue (free). ._
LABROUSSE'S ATTORNEYS
SHOW PLAN OF DEFENSE
Introduce a Witness to Prove That the Defendant Had Been of
Unsound Mind Several Months When He Shot and Killed Marie
Jordan — Mother and Sister of Slain Girl Tell Their Stories
MRS. CAROLINE JORDAN. MOTHER OF MARIE JORDAN. WHO WAS KILLED BY EDMOND DE L.A
BROUSSE, AND LITTLE GENEVA PORTIER, BOTH OF WHOM TESTIFIED AT THE TRIAL OF THE
ACCUSED MURDERER IN JUDGE DUNNE'S COURT YESTERDAY.
To convince the Jury that Edmond do
Labrousse was mentally deranged when
he killed Marie Jordan is the purpose
of Attorneys W. H. Alford and T. J.
Roche, who represent him. Their plan
of defense was prematurely exposed
yesterday when they put Attorney J.
H. Creely, a life-long friend of the de
fendant, upon the witness stand and
obtained from him a positive opinion
that for several months prior to the
tragedy Labrousse was insane.
Another interesting feature of the
murder trial, which is being conducted
in Superior Judge Dunne's court, was
the appearance as a witness of the vic
tim's aged mother. When her name
was called the defendant was staring
Into vacancy, his chin resting upon his
hand, and as she advanced to the stand
he covered his face with his fingers,
bowed his head and remained in that
attitude until she was dismissed. Mrs.
Jordan never looked at him, however,
even when asked. "Do you know the
defendant at the bar?" Labrousse sat
between his two sisters, who lookM
steadily at, every witness as the evi
dence for the prosecution was adduced.
Miss Lillian Jordan, whom Labrousse
had accused of responsibility for the
estrangement between himself and her
sister, also testified, and nine-year-old
Geneva Portier told her story of the
killing with much more directness than
was shown by most of the adult wit
nesses.
LiABROUSSETS SANITY*.
After Autppsy Surgeon Bacigalupi
and Gripman Jackson had repeated the
testimony they had given at the in
quest and the preliminary hearing and
held it unshaken through rigid cross
examination. Attorney Roche asked the
prosecution's permission to introduce a
witness for the defense who could not
conveniently be In the city again until
after this week expires. The requested
leave was readily given and Attorney
James H. Creely took the stand. He
stated he had known Labrousse for
twenty-six years, since they were boys
together, and had always found him
of a dutiful and lovable disposition,
though of nervous temperament, until
October, 1898. when he had some dif
ference with his family and left home.
Then his manner began to undergo a
change, which, the witness believed,
developed lunacy. Shortly before the
homicide the witness and the. defendant
met on Sansome street and the latter
talked Incoherently, had a wild glare
In his eyes and started away suddenly,
swinging his arms In an imbecillc way.
. "I was then satisfied that the man
was of unsound mind," said the wit
ness, "and many times afterward he
gave additional reason for that belief.
He could not tell me where he worked.
When I heard of the shooting I won
dered why he had not been placed un
der restraint some time before It hap
pened. I believe the young woman's
life was lost through the man being
allowed his liberty."
"Didn't you try to have him' placed
under restraint when you became satis
fied he was Insane?" asked District At
torney Byington, in cross-examination.
"No," wau the answer; "I did not tell
any one of his condition."
"Didn't you discuss his condition with
his attorneys after the shooting?'.'
"Yes, I mentioned It casually to At
torney Roche one day in Judge Sloss'
court"
A POSITIVE .AVITXESS.
Very positive in his testimony was
Arthur Long, the carpenter who was at
work across the street from the Jordan
home and saw the.entlre tragedy. So
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17/1904.
severely did Attorney Roche try to
shake his testimony, however, that Mr.
Long more than once plainly showed
irritability. As he told of how La
brousse had fired two bullets into his
victim's breast, the defendant's heav
ing shoulders expressed the emotion
that was convulsing him, but he did
not raise his head.
The line of questioning suggested by
Alford and voiced by Roche was appar
ently to disprove Long's assertion that
Labrousse's right hand was in his* coat
pocket from the time he came within
Long's range of vision until the shoot
ing began, and so hard was the ques
tioning adhered to that the witness at
last blurted out: "When a man don't
know a thing,- he don't know it, does
he?"
At the afternoon session John Sulli
van, who was a witness of Labrousse's
attempt to kill himself after he had
killed Miss Jordan, told his story, and
Fred Martin's narrative was some
what similar. All the witnesses of the
shooting , testified that Labrousse's
hand trembled as he held the pistol
against his own head.
•& When f he kidneys go wrong one is sick all the £
1 1 fW^^^^^^^ time— "Alvvaysailing." Many aches and pains make
*fr 1 \M ~^E~zi~^k^ > '** l^ e a burden— headaches, sideaches and back-
JU^^""^^^^^ 1^^-^ aches, hip pains, back pains, side pains and groin
4J P ains wear on ne nerves and tax the energy^ of the *jj
]lr£ \ y^w [I strongest. Keep the kidneys well, help them—
j^^^R^R^ ( stimulate them when they become sluggish and you. jSL
4* ShiMMm HMBlm$5& are free from aches and safe against the numerous it
«^^^^^P^f ills that follow kidne y neglect. .Doan's Kidney Pills £
*-+ ISS^^^^^^^Sf cure all disorders of the Kidneys and Bladder, A.
*^S9 Dropsy, Diabetes, Brighfs Disease.
1 1 SAN FRANCISCO PROOF. ||
*j Mrs. C. Demell, wife of C. Demell, employed on the j\ TRIAL FREE *&■.
% wharf, and residing at ii Alaska place^ says: "I have had T o San Francisco Call Readers *i
& more or less trouble with my Jadneys ,for fifteen years, my - ■■-. ,■ : ■ -
back aching at times so that I could. neither sit, stand nor lie 1 "- '■' ■ T^ggvX &■'
J? in any comfort. When in the acute stage I had sinking &*
*^ spells, was weak, lacked energy and often felt as if I would r?J( **
% totally collapse. If I stooped for a few minutes when I re- |m Fi7/S, fe^®.'
$ gained an upright position, I grew so dizzy I could, scarcely WT^f SSw«vSt?i v r^^^^P €*■
stand, and, despite the fact that I was continually taking > » * \K^r,wi CnHyi.toTTft'i# jg
ju medicine from physicians and using standard remedies, -T: . a;
grew worse in place of better. I*; had very little faith in name.'...... jjr
*Z Doan's Kidney Pills when I first commenced their use, but p.o.. • • 2*
Tt after a few '.'days of . the treatment they must have acted oh
•^ my nejfvous system as well as the kidneys, for 'I was able state....
to -sleep., at ;■ night peacefully— something I had been unable to Q ?^^^^^^^, g
«£% do for a long time< I most heartily recommend Doan's n. t. if above space is lMufoctent. •*!
1| Kidney Pills." ' : . I wrlte addresa °" 8e^ rate : '»»• J ?
Little Geneva Portier saw Labrousse
and Marie enter the gate, saw him
turn around, place his hand on the
girl's shoulder and shoot her three
times. The child's self-possession un
der the ordeal of cross-examination
was wonderful.
THE VICTIM'S MOTHER.
. Mrs. Caroline Jordan told of her
daughter's experiences with Labrousse
and of the family conference, at which
the girl said she would not promise to
marry him because she had lost confi
dence in his integrity. She had been
told he owed his sister $400 or $500,
and she felt offended because it had
been insinuated that he was spending
money on her and her family. . Mrs.
Jordan was very considerately treated
by the attorneys and the court and it
was apparent that the tragedy had se
verely shaken her nervous system.
Dr. George Herzall, .who was the
first physician to examine the slain
crlrl, and J. L. Wolf, who testified she
had worked for Arraand Cailleau Cc
Co. about four years, were followed on
the stand by Miss Lillian Jordan, her
DEFINES STATUS
OF A TEACHER
City Attorney, Long Renders
Opinion Affecting Tenure of
Probationary Pedagogues
FORMAL ACTION REQUIRED
Board of Education Must Adopt
Resolution Electing Them
Regular Tutors in Department
City Attorney Long advised Superin
tendent of Schools Langdon yesterday
that the election of a teacher in the
public school deDartment for a. proba
tionary term of -three years does not
make her a regular teacher unless a
formal resolution to that effect is
adopted by the Board of Education.
The opinion affects the tenure of a
large number of teachers, who having
served their probationary period of
three years in a satisfactory manner
were continued in their positions as
regular teachers without any further
formal action of the Board of Educa
tion. In his opinion Long says:
You are advised that a resolution of the
Board of Education is necessary at the expira
tion of the probationary term to constitute tne
teacher a "regular" teacher In the department.
Upon such election the teacher can only bo re
moved In accordance with the provisions of
section 1793 of the Political Code after con
viction upon charges properly preferred.
The Supreme Court of the State has con
cluded In ' two leading cases that the power
conferred by the statute upon boards of educa
tion in cities is without restriction as to the
term of employment and that under It a
teacher may be employed for a definite term
to be fixed by the board. When the board has
employed a teacher for .a year the court says
"It would 1 b absurd to say that It could not dis
pense with the services of such teacher at the
end of the year."
In the light of the statue so construed the
conclusion is forced upon us that the employ
ment of teachers by the Hoard of Education
of San Francisco under the terms of its rule
on the subject must be held to "be a limited
employment to continue for three years, dur
ing which time the teacher is on probation. If
at the end of that time th? teacher shall have
satisfied the board of her ability to discharge
the duties of a teacher in the department she
may be elected a regular te.1cher therein, other
wise she is subject to discharge. Judge Sea
well haa held In the case of Ar&ueilo versus
the Board of Education that "nothing in sec
tion 179.1 of the Political Code shall be con
strued to prevent the Board of Education from
removing teachers holdtng only special cer
tificates or serving a probationary term."
"There are about 150 teachers," said
Superintendent Langdon, "who will
have to be elected by resolution of the
board. After the charter went into ef
fect a large number of probationary
appointments was made, but of these
only sixteen teachers were formally
elected at the expiration of their proba
tionary terms. The same action must
be taken with the others to make their
tenure secure."
"The effect of the opinion," said Pres
ident Roncovieri of the Board of Edu
cation, "will be that after a teacher has
served her probationary term she may
be dropped from the department if in
the opinion of the board she has been
found unsatisfactory in the perform
ance of her duties. In other words,
electing a teacher for a probationary
period is tantamount to making a con
tract with her for a stated period,
which contract ends unless the board
desires to renew it."
A Veteran Retires'.
Daniel Miner Lord of Chicago, one of
the most widely known advertising
agents of the United States, has retired
from the firm of Lord" & Thomas after
an active business membership of twen
ty-three years. Mr. Lord has always been
considered one of the leading advertis
ing men of the country and has been an
indefatigable worker for legitimate
methods. • The firm from which he re
tires will continue under the same name,
Mr. Lord's interests Having been ac
quired by C. R. Erwin and A. D. Lasker. #
A L Thomas is the President, C. R.
Erwin vice president and A. D. Lasker
secretary and treasurer under the re
organization.
si«ter, who also recounted the cause
that cooled the friendship between La
brousse and her family. She stated
that Attorney Bluxome had visited
Marie while she was at work and asked
her what Labrousse had done with the
money he had borrowed from his sis
ter, and when Marie returned home
that evening she met Labrousse and in
presence of her mother and the witness
told him she had lost confidence in him.
Labrousse denied he owed his sister
money and the following day the wit
ness visited his sister. Mrs. Lesterham.
who said he did owe her money, but
she expected him to pay it.
A few more witnesses for the prose
cution will be examined to-day, and
then the defense will introduce a mass
of testimony to prove that Labrousse
was not of sound mind for some time
prior to the tragedy. The trial is not
likely to be concluded before next Sat
urday.
£AUWA7 TEA VEX.
II I y ou e to rea d ]
■ in bed? Physicians say ;
WI^Wl&W^^^^ it's a bad habit. Maybe fc
fW^Wm^ SX \v\ n is ' But it>s a very I
II ' S v*$t J^J \N pleasant one. And you •
/ *§£* -,i '• g^^Ms-t aLn practice it to your
\ ?r "x**/ [1^ heart s content aboard
A f-^^jA^- § : Golden SSata j
vy y(^\ LlmSled j
V^ fi\ \ \jys for every berth in every
A // \ iv^ one or its sleeping cars j
) ! l\ as an individual berth j
I — — -p", — y The Golden State Lirrited
\ --^^i « i a the newest and finest of
§ S a trans-coRtinpr.tal trains. '
n i I Leaves San Francisco, Santa '
M I - Barbara and Los Angeles .
4 • » daily, Dec. 25 to April 19, (
'2 for Topeka, Kansas City and _
I Chicago. Southern route-
by way of El Paso, through a land where winter ij ■
■ ■■ la tinlcr'own * '
1 Tickets, berths and iitsrature at this office, and *J
F BinlS » u ii ! I *^° a£ out ' >eTn P 3C 'fi c ticket offices.
I iM^r/^pt^l C.A.RUTHERFORD, t
li p^^fcw^l . V^P* District Passenger Agent,
m \&Bp :£ Wr^W&$ Market St., Sin Francisco, CaL
[CALSFORNU %
LIIV3ITED TO CHICAGO H
LEAVES DAILY 19
at <):.'£() a. in., through in ;» a ayB , fi
with diner and all trappings. a
Other Santa Pe Train a:
7-50 8, m.T for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleia.
»:£>a. m . v Merced, llanford and VIsalla.
8:00 p. tt.J
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. fcr Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 87 South First St.,
San Jose.^"
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN PHANCI3CO TO SAH RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 1):UC, ll:w> a. in.; l^:iii>,
S:30. 3:10. 0:^0 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :2u d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:'0and 11:30 p. ro.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:»0, 11:00 a. m. ; l::50.
3:^0. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FSANCISOO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:0. r >. 7:35. 7:60. u:2O, 11:15
a m. ; 12:5O. :!:-t0. 5:00. 5:20 p. ro.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33. p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, • »:4O, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave t In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 11)03. [San Francisco.
"wVeicT Eun~~j De«tlna. f Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | daya. | Day»-
7:30 al S :00a 9:10a| 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a[10:20 *
3:30 p 3:30 p 6 :05 pi 6 :2O p
5:10 PI 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a ~~ 8:40 a
S:00a Nova to. 10:40 .1,10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:03 pi 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 pj
5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
"TiScTa" ~~10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p .
" I "Windsor. I I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a|10 20 a
I^ytton. I
S:30 p 3:30 p G^yservllle. 7:35 p| 8:20 p
, Cloverdale. | I
7::;0 a! 8:00 a! Hopiand 110:10 a 10:20 a
3:::(> p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 ~a\~P. CO a| Willlts. | 7:33 pi 8:20 p
7:30 al S:00 al * jl0:4O a|10 20 a
3:30 pi 3:.iO p| Guerneville. I 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p] Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
Ti30 al 8:C0 a! [10:40 a|10:20 a
3:"0 p! 3:30 p! Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae tor San
Qu^ntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
S;:rtnRs; at I.ytton for Lytten Springs: at Gey-
«erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneviile and Greenwood: at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs, Highland Spnnjs
Kelfeyville. Carlsbad Sprine?. Soda Bay. Luke-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprlcs*. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakrs, Laure!
Dell Lake. Wttter. Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
PctWr Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierly"ii.
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, HuIlviUe. Otr's
Hot Spring*. Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendorino City. Fcrt lira**
Westport, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Brae*.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Coveilo. Layton-
vllle. Cumminifs. B»H'9 Springs. Harris. Ol.
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tlekets at re-
duced rates. ■
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
TlcicR office. 630 Market street. ChronlcU
bulldlnp.
IL C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
TOSANRAFAEL,
|Cf||5||l| ROSS VALLEY,
IliljfmS MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
v . ia SausaUto Ferry.
Suburban SeTvlce. Standard Gaujje Electric-
Depart from San Franctsco Daily— .:O0. b.W.
l:W>. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12 :^0; , 1 :45. a. 13. 4.T5.
B'6 6 15 7«)O. »:4.\ 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
8 FBOM SAN lWA_EL TO «A.N .FRANCISCO
Daily 5-23 6:35. 7:40. h:J5. 9:35. 11:03 a.
;.. . 12:20.Y:43. 3:45. 4:45. 5:43. 6:43.
8: FROM 2 °MU.L- VALLEY JO^ SAN FRAN-
Cisro Dally 5:45. *>:Zo. i:52. &:5o, !>:5o.
lU^Tm. 12:30. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 3:03. 6:05.
7:00. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m. daily — Caiadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week daya excepted) —
Tcmales and way stations.
3:15 P. m. Saturdays — Caradero and w
■tatlons.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyee and
.cway station:*.
TICKET OFFICn— C2C Market *t.
FERRY — TTnion Depot, foot of Market St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Frica Lists Mails!
on Application.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C RAVEC & Ct\ auippins Butchers, 104
JA3. DUIE3 tt IU. Clay. Tet. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PKINTINO.
E. ,C« tiUGMES, au* Sanaome ■:„ & r. ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
TraiiiH leave »nil are due to arrive at
SAN FKAN'CISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street )
J.BATH — F«»M YKUKVAXr 1. H«t>t. — ARKlvlT
7.00* V»c«Ttlle. Wlnier*. Uumsey 7 50?
7.03a Benlcla, Eaiian, Elralr»»Qd Sacra-
mento 7.20?
730* Vallejo. Naps. CalUtoa*. Santa
liosa, Martloez, Sxn Kamoo 6 20?
7-30* NUM. Ltvermore, Tracy. Latbro?.
Stoclcrou 7 20*
8.00a EbtotA Express— (Via I»tU),
William* (for Eartle«t Sprlns»>.
Wlliowi. tFruto. i:ed UiuJt.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-50>
8.00a Darn, w i«c!:a:i.l. Knlzlita Landing;
Marysville. Ororllle ;... 7.50*
8.30a Port Costa. Martinez, Antloch,
Byron, Tracy. Stockton, Xe\r-
maa. Los Unao*. UcDdoin,
Armoaa, Hanfur4. VIsalla,
Portervllle 4.20*
8 30* Port Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Latn>
top. Modesto. Merced. Fre»au.
Goshen Janution. llanford. <
Tlsalia. nvkeraSeld 4.50r
8Z0* JJllca, San Jose, Lirermore. Stock-
ton, (tM!lton). lone. Sue mm en to,
Placervlllc. Mary*Tllle, Caluo,
Ued BlalT 4-20*
8.30a Oakdaln. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuoluinne ami Angels 4 20e
9 00* Atlantic Express— OnUen and East. 11.2U%
8-30a Richmond, liartlnex and Way
Stations 8 30i*
10 00* The. Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaaa. Chicago. 820p
10.00a Vallejo 1220*
10.00a Los Angeles Pansenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
I.atUrop. Stockton. Merced.
Iiayinond. Fresno. Goahen Junc-
tion. Uanford, Lemoore. Vlsail*.
iJaljersfleld. Los Ange'.ea 7 TO-
».00» Hay ward. Mies and Way Stations. 32O
ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamers til. 00'
340p Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodlaivl, KnUhr* Landing,
Marysville, Orovllle and w»y
stations tO5O»,
3.30P Bayward.Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.50P
3.30 r Port Costa, Martinez. Uyroo.
Tracy. Latnrop. Modesto,
Merced, Fresn6 and Way Star
tlons beyond Port Costa 12 20*
3^0p Martinez, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 102U*
4 COr Martlnez.San lUmon.ValleJo.NaBa,
Callstoga, Stintn Iiosa. 9 2"*
400* Ntles. Tracv. Stockton. Lodl 4.27?
4.30P Ilayward. Klles. Irvlngton. San) t350\
Jose. Ltvermore 1 Ml.-J*.
6X0r Tne Owl Limited — Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno, TuUre,
Bakers0eld.Los Ansele*.
., Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. it I* 8 50*
6.C0r Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-20?
t5 30p Haywarti. Nlles and Saa Joso 7 2 J*
S.COp Hayward. N lies and San Jose 9jQ*
iXOr Eastern Express— Ogdeu. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Beaicla. 3ul-
mn. Elmlra, Dayls, Sacramento,
Roeklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckec. Boca, Reno. Wads-
- worth. Wlnnemucca 6 20f
B.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 sn _
7.00P Vallejo. Sunday only f taur
7-COr Klehmond. San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinez nnd Way Stations 1V20a.
I.CSp Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound aad East. 8-50*
8.1 Or Hayward. Nile, aad Saa Jose (Sua-
daycnly) . 11-50»
COAST LINE (.Narrow Mange).
(Foot or Market Street.)
"8-15* Newark, Cenlcrville. 8«a Jose.
Felton. Boulaer Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 553f
t2-15r Newark. Centervtlle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Feiton,
Bonlder Cmek, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations f 10-53 1
4.1Bp Newark. 8sn Jose. LosQatosaad ) t8-S5 4
waysutlons I :10 55a
■ I"3.3Qp Hunters Tratn, Saturday only. San
Jose aad Way Stations. Retura-
lng from Los Oatos Sunday only. :7 25 r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN *RA>C1SCO. Foot of Market St. '311?O
—17:13 9:00 11:CU*..M. 1.00 3 00 B.15r.X.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tft:00 13:08
t3:(O 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 CO 400 r.M.
1 COAST LINE (Broad «ia«jt»).
gar (third and Townnend Streets.)
6- 10a San Jose and Way Station* OoT
700a San Jose and Way Stations ... 6-35?
8 00a New Almadea (Tue»., Frld.. only). 4-10*
- 8- 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
> Gllroy (connection for HolHs-
ter). Pajaro, Castrovilla (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Urove). Salinas. Saa
Anlo. Paso Roblea. SanU Mar-
pariU. San Luis Oblspo. principal
statloas thence Snrf (connection
for Lompoc), prlaclpal stations
thence SanU Barbara, San Buenar
ventura, Saugus. Los An«%!e»... to.49*
8. CO* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
SanuCruz.PaclfleGrove.SaJtnas,
San Luis Oblspo aad Principal
Way SUtlons 4.10»
'1030* Can Jose aad Way Stations 1.20?
11 3C* Sanu Clara. San Jose, Lot Gatot
and Way Statloas 7.30P
1 30r San Jose and Way Buttons 8 38*
ttjir Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jcae, Del Monte. Monterey,
Faclnc Grove (connect* at Sanu
Clara for SanU Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
•t Gllroy for nolllster. Tres
Plnos. at Castrnvllle for Sall»as. 1215*
5-SOp Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 45*
4 30p Saa Jose and Way Stations +8 OC*
fSCQi- Saa J«Me. (via 9aau*Clara) Los
u«:o». and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) ......:.... tS.COA
• 6 iCr ban Jose aa4 Principal Way Stations 43 43a
S.OOp Sonset Limited.— Redwocd. San
Jose, GUroy.Saltnas.Paao liobles,
i-aa Luis Obispo, Saata Barbara,
Los Angeles. Ix>mlnr. Kl Paso,
I.vw Orleans, New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Saau Crus
and at CaatroTtn* for PaclQo
Grova aad Way SUtlons 7.1&*.
rS 15r Sat. Mateo, Beresford.Belmont.San
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MenioPark. Palo Alto t84<U
8 30? -San Jose snd Way Stations. 6 33*
8-OOr Palo Alto aad Way S:a:lqns 10.15*
11 .301- south San Francisco. Mlllbrae.Bur-
llnzaine. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
8aa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-45r
«11-30r May field. Mountain » View. Snnay-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
Saa Jose ?9.45»
A tor Morning. p for Afternoon,
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only
a Saturday only.
I Stops at all sutlons oa Sunday.
Cr*Onty trains stopplag at Valencia St. sootljfcoand
are«: 10 a ji., 7:00a.m> 11:30 a-M, t:30 FJi- «:30 P. Jf . and
1:00 r.M. ■
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU Srmlits Jtnj .Vrrive
SanFraadaco fut «i Kirfcst fc y Saa Francfac*
Week Sun- .gga. Suo- I Week
IJays^ day^ j/fS^hjaS^ days Davs.
•TfaTTl*»:o«A ggAfasfrSa ia:oarfoT4Cj
•l:46r »:OOa tg^KW' l:23p3:S<>?
»:10f 1O:OOa »:SUp .V5<>.
11:OOa '^^^y 4:5Op »:»O»
*0jMs»t wia lUys B» W>— «** yffly Caay
TICUT I 626 Majucbt ST..(North Shore RjiiroaiT
mCB | and Sausalxto Fwtr. root Market St.
$1 pci? Year*
1112
Ynii Want Tour Wants: To Be Known To Tfiose .Wfio Want To "Know
THE^CALL
J.THIS X>. SPBECKELS. Proprietor.
W'i J. MARTIN Bugtnesal Maxiagcr
TELEPHONE.
As* f.r THE CALL. The Operator \\ i\ 1 1 Con-
nect Vou With the l>e;»artmont Vou \\ lsn.
Publication Office Market and Third. P. F-
E^itoiial Room C17 to 221 Stevenson ft.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20'Cts. Per Week. 78
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 CenULv,^'
T«m.s !>■ :vlai! Ir.ilixiinj; Pottage (.cash \\ ltn
Order):
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 i*aT.i*fX*
DAILY CAUL (Inetud. S=un<2ay>. "t> inof- *J«n
DVILY CAL.1 I3y S:ngle Moclh ■•*!
fl.MAY CALL. 1 Y<ar -^
rt*y gif TJV f4.II * YVsr ......-«-• * A'U
■ toeeigV : "Daily. . .f8-«0 Per Year Extra
OEEIGN j j 4 15 iv r Year Kxtra
i\3STACE. [weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO T.ECK1VK SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earri.'.e Copies will be torwarded when re-
quested.
Vail Eubeciibers in ordering change of ad-
cress should be particular to give both >EW
ANI» OLD ADDRESS In crd»r to insure a
pr«BPl and correct compliance with their re-
cue^t
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1I1S Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2HS Cer.ter Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YOP.K NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- AFtoria Hotel; A. Brctano. 31
Union 6<roare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
rue Hotel find Huffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcerman House: P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trem'or.t House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE CBOGKESS.^Marqnctte Building
(Long Distance Telephone, ••Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK REPP.ESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call career Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1" R Market street, orposite Fifth; open until
!1 p. rn.
SZ7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
• 1 9:30 p. m.
." '■'Hayes Ftr«-et: open until 9:"0 p. m.
* 3 MrAKister street: open until S:SO p. m.
• 1.'. I.arkin street; ©pen until tt:.'!0 p. m.
1'Ml Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
"!•<! Market etrc-t. corner SixTeenth; open un-
til 3 J-. m.
SCC Ei'verth street; open until 9 p. ro.
■i'.h; Valencia Ftreet; or>en until 9 p. m.
North" a*t <ornrr Church and Duncan Ftreets;
«-'I<-n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ar.d Ken-
tucky streets; oj>en until 9 p. m.
V~' >'• Firimore street; ort-n until 0 p. m.
SXEKTING NOTICES.
CnOCKETT l^<!£e No. l?.:t. F. and A. m
M. — Fii>t and fpcowi degrees THIS yy
'WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:^0 /^f\
..clock. Uy order of the W. M. ? .
R. H. McPHKRfcON. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR L'dge No. lf>«, F. an<i A. o
M.— Third degree THIS <WEDNES-*V\f
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock, sharp. />f\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. lfiO. F. and A. «
M.— Called meeting THIS iWEDXES-VV
DAY! EVENING. at 7:3<> oVlock. /\f\
Third degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
-SYRACUSE Lodte No. C8, K. of •fitf
P.— The K. of P. of Ean Francisco VjS^/
will celebrate the fortieth anniver- /SfiS
far>' cf the order THIS .WEDNES- J^^t
I>AY> EVENING, at Pythian Cas-
tie. 80ft Market Ft., under the auspices of
this lodce. All K. of P. are invited to at-
tend with their ladi<"« and friend*, at S:.'!0
o'clock. Grand entertainment and ball; re-
freshments. All free.
CHAS. GOLDBERG. C. C.
GEO. RABBITT. 1C of R. and S.
I MTV Lodge No. €1. KnlghvT o? -^g^
Pythias, will confer the Knight
rank Mong form) on THURSDAY /Sw
EVENING, February IS. at Py- J§S5s<
thian Castle. •.♦O9 Market st. All *^^ T
brother Knights are cordially invited. By
c-rtler. E. KIM BALL. C. C.
£. W. GATES. K. of R. and S.
NATIONAL Union, r-am™-. > rt u.ji|-
rs Council, meets to. w **»y |
NIGHT at Pioneer Ha.lL *
F ur'.h n.. at 8 o'clnck.
V5*it:nit iri»nds cordially invited; initiation.
Ey order. E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. EL VAN ORDEN, ck-cretary.
THE officers and members pi.
of Gc!den Gate Camp CT :
requested to attend the fc^vHw^^S&di**"
funeral nt Neighbor A. \3a^^««CSSLlfc5s^^
K. ROSE, late member
«»f Vallejo Camp No. 51«. and Choppers'
Friendship Club No. 1. WEDNESDAY. Feb-
ruary 17. at 11 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 1707 Turk st.
W. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. ODONNELL. Clerk.
'EREMONIAL pension Zerin Kapi XSSiX
Temi'le No. 52, I). O. K. K. will /T_Z7V\
be held TO-NIGHT. 8 o'clock. ff^Pfti •*
Alcmania Hall. 121 Eddy Ft. %\O?flfcV
Uy order of'R. V. t
Nl.'MAN ROSE. Secretary. '•"
NOTICE of annual stockholders' meeting — The
regular annual meeting of stockholders
of. Associated Oil Company (a corporation)
will be held at the rrffire of the company,
eleventh floor. Hay ward liuildinK. Kan Fran-
cisco California, on MONDAY. 29th day
:<t February, lifc'4. at the hour of 10 a. m.,
for the purpose cf electing a Board of Direct-
ors to *erve for the «-nFuing year and the
tranrarti<»n of »uch other business ae may
come before the meeting. This noltce ib
printrd In th« San Franclso Call by order
and direcUon of Board of Directors of As-
sociated <Ml Company.
O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
Office — Eleventh floor, Hayward building,
San Francisco, Cal. Dated Feb. 18, 1904.
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — The regular annual meeting of the
ftockholders of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market st. (robm 4,
*er-or.d floor.), in the city and county of San
Krancifco. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March. 1901. at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pofr-e of electing a Hoard of Directors to
r-erv* for the eneuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come • before the meeting. Trans-
fer tKy>ks will close on SATURDAY. Febm-
sry 2O, 11*04. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m
II. W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. 327 Market St.. San Fran-
<-i»co. California. Ean Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
in. 11104.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TIoN COMPANY — Th» regular ennua!
meeting el the »t«vkholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will b«
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket rtreet (room 4, second floor), in the city
end county of San Francieeo. State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
F*broary. A. D. 1901. at the hour of II
c'clock a. m.. for the rurpese cf electing a
brarC of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of «uch other
J ■:r»K as may prooeriy ccme before th»
meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur*
«Iay. February 13. l»04. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Honolulu Plantation Company. 327
Market street. San Francisco, California,
tan Francisco. Cal.. Feb. 10. 1904.
AN4CUAL meeting — Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
ttockholdere of the Kilauea Sugar I'lair--
tatlnn Company will be held »t the
'ijflce cf the company. 227 Market *t.
• rcom 4, oecond floor). In the cit- and county
cf San 'Francisco. State of Callfor: '». on
• UESDAY. the 23d day of February. A. D.
1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
pufpoee of electing a board of directors to
*erve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of euch other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting. Transfer books
win close on 'Friday. February 12. 1904. at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS,
Secretary Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market EC. San Francisco. CaL
Fsn Frarcisco. Cal.. Feb. 8. 1904.
A J5 E j*3^_^y * .VTKD.
AGENTS wanted in every city or town- to
handle the "New nooi) Combination Diary":
everybody needs it; everybody wants It; be
fret and supply their wants; sample and
terms to aecr.ts. 10c. Addrem "COLUMBIA."
10C*. K «.. Sacramento. CaL
AGENCIES 'or «?very city of the union for
the Mar«jui» Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms.
414 Hc*t «t.. San KranriBco. Cal.
WAVTHI) — 2 «?<xv1 Ralermen and solicitors.
Call before 12. 1007 ><i Market et.. room L.
AGENTS WANTED — -Continafd.
"BALTIMORE FIRE HORROR"— Agents'
harvest: biu nicney selling my vivid and
realistic combination picture of the disas-
trous and terrible Baltimore flre and horrible
Chiciiso :...;i:< ii- Theater holocaust, with
many other Interesting features: most awful
ar.d <lread:ul diraMer for years; oVer «!oo
lives and $20O,OJ0.(KX» of property lost; ac-
tive workers wanted everywhere; be quick;
everybody wants to buy: sample, l(»e; 1 doz.,
SI; !W for SO: no free samples. JAMES
LEE. 132 Van Buren St.. Chicago.
EYKHYWIIERE In California; solicitors to
peH Kushion Komfort Shoes: modern im-
provements; hygienic, pneumatic; «permanent
b-jyin'j-s in exclusive territory: liberal terms.
Agency. 12.'wi Uroadway, Oakland.'
V7ANTED — Agents; salary or commission.
> US 1 " Ellis 5t., fecond floor, room G.
! AGENTS, wanted— Ladies and gentlemen. 927
1 Market *t.. rc-om 720.
AJJTTEETISEaiENT WEITIITCK^
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $4i» Fcho!arrhip« in the best
Coilfge of Advertising In the United States,
1 \vj!l fc!1 them at 25 per « nt dl&count tor
rsf-h: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ir.g by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nl'hed en application. Address bcx :iO2O. Call.
A TTOKNK Vf -AT-LAW.
™^_- BITTNER, ""
ATTORXET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite «-*2. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person cr estate; l^plevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments fcr debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated: estates settled:
collections made in all parts ot the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
£ee me and gave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rme. 1. 2," 3. 4 & i. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free ail matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KINO, Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room Cll ; established 20
year*: all cased, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee fn advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 30C1.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room ;»:•. Die Market St.: tel. John 6228.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market at., r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. !>27 Market »t. ; consultation
free: no tees in advance: open evening*.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CARE of child during day; 3 years old or over.
M. B.. 841 Filbert st.
_ HrsiNKgs^ <;hances.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you lcoklng lor a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If so,
we can offer vou any number requiring an
investment from $100 to JJOO.OOO; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest investigation,
end we can place you in a store, factory,
hotrl. mill, offlce. cr, in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish tr> enlarge your business, or do
you desrre additional capital? If so, v.e can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a larce number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be raid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who invested any
money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
927 Market et.; rooms 321, 322, 323, 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: large din-
ing-room, with 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finert of linen and best of silver
pervice; 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy
terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures interest and
offlce of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
fured: highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estb. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure Interest in es-
tablished office business paying $20 weekly;
experience not necessary: simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale; 4-chair shop; centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4OOO cash to take interest
in stable established 10 years: $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
Being also importers and distillers and estab-
lished In San Francisco thirty years, desire
an additional partner, with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $2000 cash in the manu-
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest improved mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st •
A^ CANDY, CANDY, CANDY.
For sale; store and factory; wholesale
and retail: situated in the heart of city and
established about 25 years; low rent: long
lease: price $fiOOO.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE ~~
For sale; a high-class bustness; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire.' will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from S2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale
and manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAG-
ON MATERIAL; estb. 15 years: also work
and repair shop; eell at Invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A^ COMMISSION BUSINESS
For sale; butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $5000 monthly; long
established; price $2000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1840.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $775; CIGAR stand; Market St., near Call
bldg.; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade; 2H years' lease; cheap rent.
Only with BROOKBANK. 017 Market St.
A— $200; PARTNER In well-established offlce
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; flne
location; good trade: 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— $2000 BUYS a 20-room offlce building on
Market gt.; clears $125 mo. BROOKBANK.
A— $700; SALOON: old established: finely fit-
ted: 'AI location; cheap rent: 3 years" lease;
. gon't fail to see this. BROOKBANK.
-$700; 14 ItOOMS. nicely furnished ; Al lo-
cation: rent $40: part cash, balance time.
BROOKBANK. 917 Market eU
WESTERN REALTY CO.. 10071* Market St.
Are up to date and try" to please the public
We handle branch bakeries, delicacy, candy
and cigar stores and lodging-houses.
$325 — Cigar stand on transfer corner; must
be sold at once; rent $IiJ; you cannot afford
to overlook this offer. 1007^ Market st.
$200— Restaurant: money maker; must sell
at once; rent $22. Western Realty, 1007% Mkt.
$6T>00— FIRST-CLASS stationery stockT elegant
fixtures; 72 feet; silent salesman; showcases;
.{7-k^y National register: good business of
$10.'Mi0 year; In city of ir.00 people; must sell
at once on account of sickness. A L
KREISS. 1CC2 ' Broadway. Oakland.
WANTKD — To buy a barber shop, established,
or will rent place In good location for one;
give full particulars to box ISO. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Fin-t-claiss saloon and cafe: Al loca-
tion; established for over 20 years. Box
, 2037. Call efflce.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17; /1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES Contlnned.
A— *75U; SaTooN; *stab. many years; 3 years'
leas?.; rent *50; located close to Kearny and
California sts. ; elegant fixtures; a good uusi-
nesa and a bargain, that's all. See R. O.
WILKE. 26VJ Kearny Et. ' j
A— S-JOUO; CORNER saloon, with lease: large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners lor years- fullest investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKK. 2QU Kearny st.
A— $5000; GRILL room and cafe: .the leading
establishment in Oakland; clot* '-o theaters.,
rent *7u and a. first-class paying budlnehb.
other Investments only cause ot sale, see
R- O. WILKE. 20H Kcarny gt.
A— $1200; PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and restaurant, few dot>rs from Market st. ,
a well-paying business clearing about *•>""
per month only reason for owner to taKe a
partner an- the long huurs for him: he^ neeas
a good assistant. Call R. G. W1LK.L. 28%
Kearny st. .
A— $12tn>; BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes -IVt barrels
per day; daily sales ?4j; living rooms. Call
It. G. WILKK. 2tiVi Kearny st. • _
A — $3500 — THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent ?150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a nrst-elass paying place.
R. G. WILKE, 2G& Kearny st. |
A— $12f.O — DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a tplendld offer, fcee k.
G. WILKE, 2GVi Kearny at.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about *1Q;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. l».
WILKE. 20K Kearny st. <__.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years:
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton:
place speaks for itself; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
X — $5500 — CORNER saloon in wholesale dls~
trict; 7 years' lease; establ. 30 years; clears
abc/ut $400 per month. R. G. WILKIE, 20&
Kearny st. .
A— $3250; SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; patronized -by bankers and mer-
chants; owner, on sick bed. otherwise $7000
would not buy the business: lease and line
flat. R. G. WILKIE. 2<i'~i Kearny st.
A— flOOO; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms: 5 years' lease: rent $65; a
business where man and wife easily can
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $300(>; HOTEL with 30 rooms. 45 beds; bar,
dining and reading rooms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 miles from this city: place clears
$300 per month. See R. G. WILKIE. 2WV4
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $.150 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to 52500
Cigar stands $350 to $20(0
■ Groceries and bars $. r .00 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2uOO to $i>000
Delicatessen stores S250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards ?230 to $1000
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3. Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
chf-ap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
Lear investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply etore; rent
$40; well located: clearing $.'100 per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
Ftand strict Investigation; price $S000. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
New York Business Exchange, 33 Mason St..
near Marki-t.; phone Folsom 2409.
Big targainp this week in rooming-houses,
baktries, delicacy and restaurants; square
dealing Is our motto.
A— $700 — Wood and coal business; estab. for
20 years; income net $150; guaranteed biggest
snap on earth. 33 Mason st.
A — f 1200— Restaurant and delicacy; fine
place; north Market: offer wanted;' must -sell
account of death. NEW YORK BUSINESS
EXCHANGE. 33 Mason st.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races:
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits; terms
fcr our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper,
rooms 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2500. part cash: corner
valoon, on water front, $1100. paying brewery
business, $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
THOROUGH sash, door and etalr builder of
ability desires a partner of some experience
to start In business; applicant must be able
to furnish $150 capitai. Address box 1033,
Call office, Oakland.
WILL sell at a bargain — Cigar store on a
principal business street, close to Market St.;
good permanent trade, laundry branch, good
clot machine trade, flne fixtures, low rent.
Box 124. Call office. i
WANTED — To Invest In a good business
proposition; one that will pay me a good In-
come for. Investment and services; give all
particulars. Box 2518, Call office.
I WILL pay cash for a delicatessen store; one
preferred in a good business locality. Ad-
dress, with location and price, to box 2064,
Call office.
I HAVE $5000 to in\'est in a profitable business.
where I can give my services also. Box 2553.
Call office. •
FOR sale — Good paying business; Colorado
saloon, 647 Sacramento st., near Kearny; open'
all night: flrst -class stand.
WANTED — A partner in a good river-boat en-
. terprise. Box 2055, Call office.
FOR Kale — Oyster and chop house, C03Va Post
et. : trouble between partners; must be sold.
FOR sale — ?75O: grocery and bar; sickness
cause. 368 Eleventh st.
J2.V) — FINE stock of hair goods, counter and
chow cases; great bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderick St.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 1 1 p. m. "
LODCIXG-HOVSES FOR SALE.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 786.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
' Part cash; balance monthly payments.
14 rooms: rent $30; amazingly low" price. $350
34 rooms; rent $00; just think!. $1550
23 rooms; rent $35: one floor..... $1100
0 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up $130
2O rooms; clears $SO; rent $40 $S50
40Tooms; mechanics' house: rent $60 $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $C3; terms... $050
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $f>5 ...$1000
60 rooms; Market St.; liquor license. ... .$3500
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50; a snap. $750
10 rcoms; Geary st. ;, clears $40; rent $28. $500
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 50: only »-ioU
18 rooms; (i unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 rooms; transient; lease ?15no,
8 rooms; Post Et. ; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk St.; partially furnished. $450
ATTENTION'.— To RENT, 74 rooms FUR-
NIHHED par excellence; MODERN steam
heat; PRIVATE baths; elevator; GRAND
entrance; CENTRAL location; will LEASE
for 5 years. HINKLET. 1020 Market st.
ATTENTION! — TO RENT, 74 rooms FUR-
NISHED par excellence; MODERN steam
heat; PRIVATE BATHS;. elevator;- GRAND
entrance; CENTRAL location; will LEASE
for 5 years. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
A JOSEPH SKIRM— A
•! Eddy st,, room 72. Phone Green 631.
SPECIAL ! SPECIAL '. SPECIAL !
GRAND SUNNY CORNER; 50 rooms;' 2
floor*; 5 years' lease; best location north ' of
Market; quarter sawed oak; brand-new car-
pets; STRICTLY an APARTMENT HOUSE,
clears *'210 over all expenses; COST over
$4725 75 to furnish; to see Is 'to appreciate;
only a SMALL AMOUNT of CASH Is neces-
/ sary: must go this week; asking $3500. |
A— $3250: LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms:
• clearing $250 per month; lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts.; all sunny rooms;
Jurniturc flirt-class: not all cash required.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.v ;i,;,
A— $950: LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms: rent
$100; located close to. Market and Stockton;
good furniture and first-class paying. : R. G.
WILKK. 2<m Kearny. st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
• opened at IOCS- Market St., opposite. Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . *; ■•'■■• . ■
I,OD(;i\G HOUSES £ FOB. SAI-K Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., ~ "phone South 1050
X Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houseis, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; hew and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-yeor-conlracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $40O to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rtnt J95; flne location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine* downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per ■ month . above
all expenses; always full; snap; $650.
5 rocms;i Geary; rent $20; flne little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
21 rooms; rent only $13!!; first-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye :napJe furni-
ture; extra flne carpets; clears $!>5; price
flSCO; half cash, balance lVa per cent.
2i» rocms: rent $S5; lease: newly renovated
and furniehed; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $1500.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$C0O down, balance 1H per cent; flne buy; only
S6-room family hotel; bonton location; flne
lease; clearing $800 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a, home;" price $7C0.
126 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will beaninvestlgatlon.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $SCO.
25 rooms; flne corner; rent only $70: oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $S0
month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.,
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 earn, balance
on Installments; Income $48; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
flne beds; furnished new in June; first-class
transient; clears ?175; sickness.
S rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent: oak an-i cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears; $G0; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; flne opportunity to get good house
reasonable. ; , .
71 rooms; elegant, : hew. modern building: in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-iate ; D-year lease: rent only $200: clear-
ing $250 t6 $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rcoms; rent $65; California St., flne loca-
tion; gaod furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
C3 rooms; Market St.; rent only 4300; fine
transient house; very central; liquor license:
can clear $230 to $350 per month; must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get In, balance time; big snap.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year leasft running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; J2S00.
0-room. new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost ov«-r $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
ami furniture; high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms: rent $25; com* housekeeping; clears
$50; barn.Jrwith flne yard; half cash; balance
time.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; . elegant new building;
iweil family hotel; beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing $000 per month; every room- full: will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 roams; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartnfent house; reduced to SHOO.
60 rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will onlv take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price J2O0O.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
120 rooms; rent only" $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears ?400 to $500 per
month; t r.e ei the best buys In the city.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldtr.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black :!tji)7, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
SPOTLESSLY pure through and through; 14
rooms: well furnished; full -of roomers;
clearing over $50 per month; worth $000:
price $550. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406,
Examiner bldg.
1. ATTENTION! Scan these 0 lines.
2. The owner of a 44-room transient house
3. That Is central and heavily mortgaged
4. Has beer, quite suddenly called away
ft. To the deathbed of a near relative
6. In a far distant State,
7. And he orders the houso sold at once.
H. A thorough investigation is solicited.
0. MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner bid.
THINK twice: flrst, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay $500 down, for we will lend
you the balance payable in monthly install-
ments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 400. Ex-
aminer bldg.
SPLENDID 52-room corner bay-window house;
clears $341 a month; long lease; low rent;
if looking for a respectable money maker and
good investment se« MARION GRIFFIN.
SMALL payment ($300) will take a 15-room
house; NE. corner; 5 blocks north of Market;
price $1000; better see it before buying else-
where.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4Qft. Examiner bldg.
READ this item; confer apartment house of
150 rooms, elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing $514 monthly; Inexpensively
operated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent: clears 40 per. cent
per anti.mi on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
LARGE dividends and. safe as United States
bends; brand-now 4S-room apartment house
clearing $2<>70 yearly; make an offer to
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner bldg.
PERFECTLY appointed 50-room house, very
centrally located; elegantly furnished last.
April in tht best" furniture and carpets ob-
tainable; electricity for elevator and lights;
hot water In each room; lease for O years:
Income. $190 over rent: all large single rooms
'and roomers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 106. Examiner bldg.
ECONOMICAL folks please pay heed; If you
have $150 eash you can learn how to save
your rent for 2 nlco rooms and a well-equip-
ped kitchen and make $22 per month for
frrooeriex by Inquiring of
MARION GRIFFIN. r . 406. Examiner bldg.
NEW house 4 blocks north of Market: 30
\large, desirable rooms; low rent: 3-year
loasc; most artistically furnished: will clear
$2C0 to $300 owing to management. \ .
MARION GRIFlilN.r. 406. Examiner bldg. j
A GEARY-STREET SNAP. "~ |
16 rooms; beautifully furnished. < clean and
-fine; absolutely worth H times the amount I
we are. asking you, .but on account of lm- I
mediate departure will give it to you ' for
$000. . ;■ 4- -, is."
MARION GRIFFIN. -r. 406. Examiner hldg.
CARP10T . HEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without .removal; price moderate.
5. F. Compressed 'Air - Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 0237.
WHEN you. become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. :>55-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent "carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard-.tel.South £16.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO.^WALCOM & CO.. :Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating .works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Ilnrlson St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlns Works,
333 Golden Gate ava.; telephone East 26. '
SPIRITUALIS5I.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
"er and business medium; mining a specialty;
' advice 1 guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory. $2: readings dally. $1: develop-
ing class Thursday. S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
DAWSON Bros. — Special readings. 00c; abso-
lutely free unless ccrrect; full names given;
' cur readings are best: hours 0-8. 601 Eddy.
MATERIALIZING seance Wednesday evening;
GO. cent*. .328 Ellis st.
SEER, Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads dally;
cir. Wed.. Frl., Sun.. 8 p. m. 10c. 540 Ellis.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED F.VANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIUVOYAIVTS.
ANOTHER* GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
His former $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 |i; $1 $1 $1 $1 ?1 $1
PAUL DESTINE,
The . flrst registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you if husband, wife 'or sweetheart is
true or false; tell whom and when you will
marry; In fact, I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself:
the controllingvpower implanted In your nature
so you can change the thoughts, Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; long
standing disease and the most obstinate cases
of lost vitality cured without medicine; there
Is no life so hard and blighted, .no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this remarkable man; he in-
sures you success cr charges nothing for his
services.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday, 2 to 6.
320 — O'Farrell St.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con- j
bult this great medium and you will be told
how to ovircome them: valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 456U.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt., cor. Tuik; private readings dally, li» a.
m. to 5 p. ra.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life,- $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: serfd postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. HALL, Trance Medium.
These, desirous of a first-class reading may
call; no charge unless satisfied; tips on races;
cures drink habit; hours 10 to 8. Parlors, 463
Ellis st.
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
people in San Faancisco since our arrival;
they were satisfied, fo will you be. 285 Geary.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life: special, $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25c;
gents 50c: hours 1 to 9. 120,6th St., room 15.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night, 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve., 25c; read, daily. 121 Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN, N the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23^ 6th; la. 25c: g. 50c
MISS "WARD, for a few days. »17 Market, rn*
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; 1. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs daily. 448M; Jessie st.. bet. 5th and ttth.
COLLECTION OrPlCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 55S6.
CTJBES »TTPTTTP.I!.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8, 1902.— Mr. A. Hun-
t?r — Dear Sir: For 10 years I was afflicted
with scrotal rupture. I used all kinds of
trusses. Your rupture holder has cured me.
My health Is better than It has been for
years. Yours ttuly. DEIDRICH BENECKE.
2005 Mission St.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drUllnjr and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; tfeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown, $3 50; fillings, BOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14, 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fll lings. 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns* $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
imiCSSMAKEUS AND SEA.MSTIIESSE.H
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 101'J Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL-
NIGHT AND^DAY. SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty Instructors; private coaching; night
law school; instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial daises; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association if destred;
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men. strangers coming to tha
city, directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
. school; * the , beneficial influence of a great
moral Institution; our work Is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges in the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
; rtw; wo are not In business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
'■ to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's. Christ Ian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys, H. J. Mc-
COY, General Secretary. San Francisco. Ad-
dress all communications to LE ROY BURNS
. SMITH, Educational, Director. .. -
AYRES, the leading business -college. 723 Mar-
ket 8t.; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
\ arithmetic, spelling, etc: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
i and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
'NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open ; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss .Lillian
Musclo. principal; exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind In the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for ln-
. formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; come and
Join the great school of the West; 75-page
t catalogue. 001-025 Golden Gate ave. *. --. '■
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical. colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor:' day and evening sessions. . Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school '.of
dancing; established 20 years. ' 1412 Polk it.,
between Pine and .California;, both adult and
children's classes are now open for the seasun.
HEALD"S BUSINESS COLLEGE/ 24 POST. S.
E. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A' LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you.desire a good position:. Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F., Business
College, 1236 Market st. .
EDUCATIONAL Contlnned.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
. advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographer!". 1"S2 Mark?t: catalog.
WESTERN Eusiness~Col!ege. Odd~FeIlows f bid. ;
bookkeep.ing. shoithand. touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio:
voices cultivated: method. Italian: engage-
ments secured. . Carlos N. Keller. 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. «ur.
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; eat. 1SG4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall. 'Howard St.. near
i9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ESPANOL — Metodo practic.0 y progrssivo.
Rafael Serrano, 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BANJO, .mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 st.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art, com-
plete system taught. -130 Pest St.. room 37.
rCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st— .Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c haff hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
E^^^liE^Zl OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE~EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church; Dhone Pom 30C8.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 57Ii
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE" Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
BMPLOYMEXT WAXTED— FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS, family, $30; middle-aged wo-
man, good cook, housework. $25; girl. IS, to
assist housework. $16. S. J. BEAN, 17
Fourth st. ; phone Bush 107.
A NURSEGIRL wishes place; must sleep
home; good references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER and suitmaker,; good cutter
and fitter; gowns made at home; only first-
class work done; engagements per day. E.
C. BARSS, the Sherman Department House,
2S Eighth St.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as offlce as-
sistant. Box 2CT4. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing.
Ironing" or house cleaning; $1 50 per day.
liox 2t>76. Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by day, washing, house
cleaning. Address MRS. McMAHON, 1050
Howard st.
A YOUNG woman would like second work or
chamber work, city or country- Tel. Church
1SG8.
A PAST middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion; wages, $15 a
month. Box 27CS, Call offlce.
A STRONG German woman wants work by the
day, washing, ironing and cleaning; experi-
enced laundress. Box 2C69, Call office.
RELIABLE woman with girl 4 years wishes
work where she can take her child;
$10 to $12; city or country. Box 2668. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to assist
with housework; is a good cook; trustwor-
thy. 316 Linden ave.. near Gough st.
A COMPETENT woman. Catholic, would care
for sick or invalid; terms reasonable. 536
Turk st., lower flat.
FINLAND girl wishes position for general
housework and cooking for American family.
255 Perry st., in rear.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like work by
day or month. 21 Sherwood place.
IF the Congregational Church or the Church
of England is sending out any missionary to
any of the foreign lands, a lady wish's to
go with them as an attendant. Address MISS
J. JOHNSON. Main Postofflce. S. F.
FRENCH woman (chef) as cook and house-
keeper; good marketer and manager; full
charge of parties and receptions; New York
references. M. H.. box 2540. Call offlce.
WANTED — By a reliable colored woman, situ-
ation to do chamber work; wages $30 per
month. Address 1C5S Seventh St., Oakland.
LADY wishes few more engagements by the
day as seamstress. Call at 327 Larkln st.,
near Golden Gate ave.
FINLAND girl wishes position for general
housework and cooking for American family.
255 Perry St., In rear.
RESPECTABLE woman, good cook, wishes po-
siMnn in private American family; will do
light washing; references given. 794 Folsom.
A PAST middle-ajred lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion: wages. $15 a
month. Box 270S, Call offlce.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 1047.
NORTH German girl for upstairs work and
sewing; wages $25. 249 Seventh St.
RELIABLE young woman wishes pqsltlon;
second work. L. J., 827 Howard St.. room 22.
AN experienced stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper desires position. 2651 Mission st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Ths
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
COACHMAN wants situation; good, careful
driver; good horseman; knows city well; un-
derstands gardening; good worker; has city
and country references; sober and respect-
able. E. S., room 134. New Western Hotel.
WANTED— By an elderly man. any kind of
light work around any place, city or country.
Call or address H. J., Central House. 871
Market st.
AN active, sober man, handy with carpenter
tools, wants work; has small capital to In-
yest. Box 252S, Call offlce. . .;
SITUATION wanted as grocery or delivery
clerk by yourg man; experienced; references
Box 2529, Call offlce.
EXPERT stenographer; thorough education;
best references; wants position. Box 2673,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants position;
ago 26; married; 7 years' experience; good
recommendations. Address box 2667, Call.
WORK by a young man: office work or clerk
in store or grocery. C. BOSWORTH, .gen-
eral delivery P. O.. San Francisco.
WANTED — By a sober, steady and reliable
Eastern farmhand, well acquainted with the
care of horses, cows and poultry, work on a
small farm or country place. Address G. B.,
Maine House. 014 Kearny st.; city. ;
YOUNG man (25 years old), from country,
wishes situation to drive team, or Job in any
kind of store; speaks English, Spanish and
French. Address o-l Valencia st. ; phone
Church 973.
GARDENER, flrst class, single, long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place; references. Ad-
dress ,H. H., box 2030. Call office.
"WANTED — Position as foreman of quarts
mine; 18 years in charge of mining work;
best of references given. Address 688 Twen-
ty-flfth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG man would like a position of any
kind: willing and obliging; used to firing
steam engine on dredger. Address box 2681,
Call offlce.
COLORED boy. 22 years old, would like a Job
.driving waeon; "knows the city well; or
would like a job as porter; will work. Box
2691. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box-
1032. Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG man. well acquainted in this city,
speaking French, English and German fluent-
. ly, wishes position as salesman. 2527. Call.
YOUNG man' wants a position as night watch-'
man;- served ;in recent war: steady and
sober habits. Address box 2603, CalL
SITUATION -wanted . by young man; strictly
steady and reliable; Indoor work of any
•.kind.; Box 2685. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS cigar clerk, with best refer-
ences, would like a position In a cigar store.
Box 2738. Call. - - ■
WANTED — Position as teamster in Oakland:
- understands care of horses: all around good
.' hand. Apply 834 Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
A YOUNG ' man wants situation to learn ths
carpenter trade. A. TOHNSON. 73 Third.
EXPERIENCED grocery. clerk wishes steady
position. Box 26S0. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as man about
place or housework. H. J.. box 2CS6, Call. |
EMP£oV3IENJ^J*^_Vrepj-OIAX<B.
ArnriVK~young rnan - general offlce man, speak*
and writes the English. German and Scandi-
navian languages, wants any P«*«OB: mod-
erate salary: best references. Eox 2oOb. tall.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. S", wants position
as night watchman: can furnish references.
Address I. B.. 756 Fol.som at.
YOUNG man wants position washing dishes:
experienced. JOE AVEYARD. Metropule.
147 Natcma St.: tel. John t>»li.
COFFEE man with knowledge of roasting,
wishes situation in wholesale house. Box
26M>. Call office.
YOUVG Japanese wants position as school-
boy: can wait gocxl; speaks English. P.epty
ITO. *22 Powell st-_
JAPANESE honest and strong boy wishes- po-
sition to do housework. 2020 Mission St.;
phone White 256. I
7\PANESE wants a position to do general
housework in a small family. HIRO. 130:; '?
Castro st.
JAPANESE honest young boy wishes a' posi-
tion to do housework or any kind work.
T. H.. 1335 O'Farrell st.
" FEATHER- RENOVATING.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
4% PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. Gift California
st. A. A. Watkirs, president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlsa Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital, $8,000,000: paid In capi-
tal. ll.OOO.OCO; reserve fund, $200.000.
FOR sale— 0200 shares of stock at 10c per
share; real estate security; it Is estimated
that It will pay you from 10 to 100 per cent
on your money invested. Please call at 46(1
Parrott^ building, between the hours of 9
and 10 a. m. or 3 and S p. m.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and F»-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: aa Immense list-
service absolutely free; take advantage) of
this department: it will save you time- and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
a t . * on t»*c st-i'.i 3,r©»
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar«
listed in our renting department; let us giv«
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
NEW flat; 8 rooms and finished attic: rent
reasonable. 2515 Sutter st.
A SWELL up-to-date 6-room flat. 3323 Twenty-
fourth st., near San Jose ave.
ELLIS, 824 — 5 eunny. elegant modern rooms;
$45: open 2 and 3:30 o'clock.
FLAT, 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
rent $27 50. Key 2946 Mission st.
MODERN corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; larg«
cellar. 425 Shrader st. ~\ _^_
UNION. 1350 — Upper sunny flats of 7 rooms
and bath; grand view; rent reasonable.
$25 — 640 GROVE: flne flat. 6 rooms and bata:
sunny side: modern.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat. 7 rooms, bath;
rent *5<>. Call bet. 10 a. m. and 1 p. m.,
122O Waller et.
NICELY furnished; 7 rooms; modern through-
out. 1256 California St.; call 12 to 2.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
CHEAP — Beautiful, newly furnished flat: six
rooms; call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
FURNITURE. FOR SALE.
A — $100 NO. 7 combination csal and ga*
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencta st.
— *" " PCRXITVRB WA.TTBD.
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer. 181» Mkt.: tel. Howard 2758
HELP V/ANTED FEMALE.
2 COOKS, small sanitarium* $35
Cook, no washing. American family $."U>
Cook, small restaurant $35
3 second girls $20-$«V
Chambermaid, private family $25
Chambermaid, wait one meal $25
Chambermaid and waiting, resort »-j
Housework on ranch $25
Cashier for phone parlors $7. week
and other places too many to advertise; good
wages. Apply to J. F, CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st.
A MOTHER and daughter, $45: laundress, $30;
4 second girls. $25; cook. $30; housegirl, $30;
ranch cook. $25; housekeeper, $25. " MR3.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressing-.
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month, for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslna-
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
GIRLS about 18 to work is factory; rexxj
wages: steady employment. Apply at one*.
AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento at.
SETVING MACHINE OPERATORS ANT> RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.'3
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST.. AND
1873 MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — First-class saleslady on cloaks and
suits; must be of good appearance; refer-
ences. Box 2670, Call office.
WANTED — First-class millinery maker. Ap—
ply between 9 and 11 a. jn. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Woman to do light housework and
plain cooking; sleep home. 720B Union, st.
APPRENTICES and makers wanted In milli-
nery store at 692 McAllister st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. 1703
Geary St., near Webster.
A NEAT young jrlrl assist light housework
and care of grown child. 1S36 Sutter St.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. r.\. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL for general housework. 2700 Sacra-
mento st. •
STRONG girl for general housework: $20 *
month. 120 Eleventh St., top floor, left.
DRESSMAKER wants first-class waist flnUa-
ers. MRS. BRYANT. 2332 Mission ?*■
SMALL German girl wanted to assist with
housework. 1373 Halght st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce. or The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market St.. opposite Finn.
Open until 11 p. m.
help wanted— male. ~*
a^pXcStc^employ ment~ag enct! "
52« — Montgomery st. — 52K
Phone Main 1191. Upstairs.
2 carpenters, north. $■*» 25 day; second cook.
city hotel, good job. $50 and found; ranch
cook, north. $25 and found.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— Fare Returned.
5 laborers. Nevada, S hours: 20 woodchopperg,
north.- big job. big company, good timber,
water ami prices.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It dnne for 25c. 5i«>
and «Oo while you wait at 5»k! Mission st
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st.
WANTKD — A first-class ruler and finisher in
book bindery for Southern California. Ad-
dress box 2tr71. Call office.
WANTED— First-class plater! Apr>ly JOHV-
SON. JEFFERY & CO., 40O Sixth st. Oak-
land.
WANTED— A neat, active errand boy \T
FRIKDMAN & CO.. 237 Post ft. *
WANTED— Barber for eve^ing^ and Saturday
and Sunday. f07 Sacramento st.
BOY wanted to work In candy factory V*\
Tenth st. ,
WANTED— Dishwasher in small restaurant"
25S0 Market st.. near Sixtteatb.The Wants You Want — Then Use - a. Want . Advertisement " in The Caff
?-^t!* l V * >TEn — MALE — Cominord.
MURRAY & READY, 63*486 Clay st.
Phone Main T.Slv.
I-eadinjc Employment anj Labor Aper.ts.
1.O3 we e«ve l«HH v e hope to
«K>.COo rn«-n work. Increase «;<>.OOO.
J3oM To the Silver ami Copper
Mines. Mines. Mines,
a machine miners, b-hcur shifts, gold mine,
south. $yo.
ft machine miners, north, gold quartz mine.
••HI.
Timber man. J:5 day; miner, run pump. f'M*.
V lly<lraulic lvpemen for mire. $87 B0 found.
•■lactvMimfc. mine, fcj 50 day; 5 muckers,
♦*>i 50.
TO
ARIZONA.
__ . SHIP DAILY.
to Prusoott. Ariznr.a. g. F. & P. & P.
Route.
..fit Men for llallrcad Work. Gojd Wacea.
«10 Miles. Arizona. $i» 10.
MISOIXLANHOUS.
niackt-mith. ranch, south. $45 an-1 found.
Blacksmith lielj*r. mine. $7."..
Powder man and drill Fharpener. $2 50 day.
Man and wife, mine boardinj;-hi>us»>; waitress
•■lid rboffctnen. $('•" and founj; plumber, coun-
try Job; tinner, country job; 10 woodchoppers,
fiaata ("rur Ccunty, isoo<1 wage*; 25 wood-
choj>jrf>rs. sawmill company, redwood Sue,
pine $125. hardwoid $1 5O per cord; waii.r
«nd make beds, country. $2." and found;
houwman, private place, city, $20 and foun-i:
4 milkers, fare paid. f35 and found; terra
cotta worker, jrood vagee; baker, oity job. flS
«wk; cook, t-mall hotel, south, fare paid,
*">0; t-opk. Fmall hotel. 12 boarders, *:*.3 and
found; ramp cook. 1T> tarn, *"5 and found;
den to look after poultry and fish stall mar-
ktt. *I4 week.
MURRAY & READY. «.!4-C56 Clay St.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 St-xklon St.— Kxperi-
enced man to raise poultry, private place,
S-TO and found: married man, good teamster,
on a ranch. $40 and found; porter tot fin=t-
<1hss barroom. M0 arid board; second cook.
■ % 10 a week; fry rook. *70: siw mill ccok, *1!> a
»'*'«k; pantry man. $3(», etc.
FOREMAN' for dairy. $30 and found: restau-
rant cook. $18 week; fry cook, $16 week;
cook and wife. $5o and found; farmers:
lroner, $10 week; Marcher and ironer, S12
»'-ck. and other*. J. F. CBOSKTT & CO..
Sacramento *t.
*'AXTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ng>> of and J.">;
citizens of United States, of cood character
and temperate habits, who can speak, n-a«l
ar<*. WTite English. For information apply to
Kecruttin* Officer, Kialto building. New
Montgomery Ft.. San Francisco, or 102S Sec-
«m.i ft.. Eacrarrente.
tTAXTKD — A thoroughly practical men for su-
j<*rir.tenderjt of a ranch, where owner does
not reside; mutt understand the breeding and
core of fine stock, horws tiv.i rattle and have
unquestionable references as to ability and
character. Address full'-, nating salary fi-
pected. X. Y. Z.. box 207'J. fall office.
WANTED — Hy wholesale house, bright boy
about 16 year? old. to help in office; previous
practical experience not necesyary: must be
i : writer, quirk at figures. A(3Jre«s own
handwriting and state salarv expected, box
2t:7«». Call office.
A^~ Z L~
Men to learn the larber trade In two month*
tnd secur* goo 1 positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLKR "-"ystem
fVlIh IX. *'i''Z <_lay *t.
OOVBRSMSXT positions— Call at room 14,
filth floor. r;05 Larkin st., for free information
at to salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evesinrs.
TKT our men'F thoe?. union msde, at ?1 nnl
$1 So per pair, foot-form shoes at ¥2 50 or
orthoix^di*- Fhoe«>.S3 5«; best shoen on ear-.V. 11
Third «., Exam. b!dg.. 5 door* from Market.
RELIABLE married Germany understands
Utodtog bar; a!*o can sell indoors. 2UC3, Call.
BARUER. wholesale district, would work even-
Inps-- and i-'unday*. Box 2<)N2. fall office
WASTED — Paying br.tb^r Fbop in Kood country
town. Addrrts* box 2<J77. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced solicitor!!, men an.5
wniiw ii. to handle merr-handlae contracts;
good compensation: *a*y proposition to
rlaee; inveFtieat-*. Royal M^r^anti!* Co.,
suite 1». Columbian bldg., or li."J2 nroadway.
Oakland.
I5ARBERS, take notirv — The office of Fecre-
Tary »nd FY*»» Kmnloj-m^nt liun-au has re-
mov«] to • ritr Ii»li «|... «r IMt Mark-t st.
Journeyman Uaiberp' Union, Local 14K. JOS.
n. CLKILY, Secretary.
WANTED — L&t.orers and mechanics to know-
that VA Ro'.kin, R»no Houm proprietor, has
aud'J 1<X> new room? to the Denver Hou*e.
217 Third Ft.: 2TK» room*; 25c to 0<K- per night.
> V'TNG men. IS year? of age. to organi?.*
..-.liltary orcan!7^ti..n. Call ?. BZAKIK, 473
Valencia «., bet. 6 and 6 p. m.
V)"NG man to earn his tuition outside of
K-hnol hours". California Business College,
:;a'. I^rkln et.
A FIItST-cIa^s traveling raiesman for a large
laoaJ tailoring firm: do not apply unlens
thoroughly experifnrexl. Apply box 2002. Cail.
TPY our men's Fhoes. union rr.aie. at $1 and
ii SO pair; foot-form hhoep at $2 50; we pay
expr*5.« or mail charges*. 11 3d Ft., Exam. \>'.tl.
TENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
yiarf' practice: references from thousands of
penscnf for whom I have *erur«-d pension*.
THRKE-CHA1R. well-raying, oity barber Ehop
for rale. Inquire WILL &. FINCK.
JiAIiEKR shop for sale cbetp; prhre $2CK>. 2SC3
<"a!'.rcmia
BAHBER shoe in- hutel; 3 chairs; sacrifice.
1 Franklin St.. corner Market.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition ia S. F.
Barber Srtool. 741 Howard ft.
FAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
«hip*. Apply DENTS place, 2U Su-uart st.
PEXEXOH atty.. K. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
tldg. Pan Com. Oeo. EL Thomas Post.G.A.R.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room*; Coc night: reading-rooms:
free 'bus and ba«xa_s*> to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Dur.cs n &. Church stB.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOUS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's *ho#>s. slightly damaged, half
price. 6C3 Mirslon St.. bet. 1st end 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission *t., bet. lrt and 2d st*.
IIORSCS AXD \VAGO.\S.
A STANDARD brtd pacer: foaled in '87: 16
hand; high: sound. ANDERSON. 1» Turk st.
6O ASSORTED buggies, surreys and wagons
«t co«t price. 1&O4-S Fclsor.i et.
FOR tale — Elx second-Rand express wagen*
sr.d two trucks. 233 P.eale st.
Al BXF&EES wagon, light csmplnc wagon
ar;d ro-cart for cale cheap. 532 Mis?lon st.
Ltrr r 't «fsortrr.t Hd-hatid wagons, hurkbd. »ur-
T*y fcam«f*.wr>rk.<5rivira-hnr«e«. 15th- Valencia
HOLSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED Ilet of bouses to let; send for clr-
cu'.sr. G.H. L'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
UOV8K. 154C TavJcr st.; 10 roome and bath.
App>>' 'tt Bioadwaj.
MCALLISTER. 1269—12 rooms, bath and bil-
JUra-rcom; $00; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving ret o«r printed list of houses
to !ft BALDWIN & HOWIXL. 25 Post st.
UOUSE1 TO LET — ITCmtiSHBO.
<JN ITlissiill Jlill; one block from cars; mag-
nificent view: large frarden; billiard labl?
and rr.odfrrn ccnv-fBienres; 8 rooms and bath;
reasonable rent. Apply MISS HAMILTON,
ISM Washington ft.
FURNISHED 8-rooin Paclflc-avenue apartment
Hat: everything new. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY CtC Market ft.
HOL'SES nilMMIi;U Koil SALE.
■S- rii. MUST ►• .< to-day; parties going away;
Vroomcd house; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ler tt.
TURK. 12G, near Jones Ft.— Hou*e of 7 rooms;
nicely furnished; sacrifice for $-150 cash.
I\Vi:» T M E .\ TS.
BONDS. STOCKS A.VD MORTGAGES.
All <Jivi<Jend-paytr.r security for sale.
GEKMAXIA INVEST < P.. f»27 Market St.
LOST A\D FOUAD
LOPT— A pascbock with the Hlbernia Savings
knd Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARIA ZOLEZZI. No. 250-094. The
«::.■■? m-ill plea.ee return to bank.
LOST — Monday evening. February 15, In or
near Columbia Theater, pearl and diamond
t-irrular brooch. Finder please return to 323
Halght st. ; reward.
LOST — Part of snake ring with diamond. '
Kinder will return tame to N. I2UFFY. 1507
California st.. and receive ll'jerjl reward.
I/DST— On FilJmof; car. Kun»Vy. physician's
s&tchtL Iletuxa to 222< 20ta st.; reward. I
LOST AND FOUND — Continue!.
LOST— Lady's gold watch with N. R. on face;
Nelli* Robert* on inner case; No. 170334.
Finder please leave- at 4:^J Larkln St. and rc-
c»l\e liberal reward.
LO.ST— A pa.->sbook with the Hibe'rr.ia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Henri Ycung. No. 2l>s-^:{l. The
finder wiil p!ea?e return to bank.
LOST — Lady's gold watch with N. R. on face:
Nellie RolwrtH en inner case: No. 17(1334.
Kinder-t'lease |«>ave at *X\ I-arkln st. an. I re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— Snnke ring with diamond. Fin.ler will
return same to M. CUNIO, 1224 Dupont St.,
and receive liberal reward.
FOUND — Pointer Jog; will surrender on de-
scription and payment of ke»p. Box 26W>,
call office.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quW-k relief
from Irregularities consult me nt onoe; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I ha\e no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
ftdvlce fr»e- correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE 7C2 Markrt st.. rooms 7 and 8.
. —
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience: removed to 820 Post st.
KB& DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 11K.SV4 Market f>t.. opp. 5th.
; DR. G. W. O'L'ONNELL — All who are sick> or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected : the unfortu-
nate belped; the most difficult oases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st^
CATARRH. DF-AFKESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottineham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
speciality: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 7r.3 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in cbhtetrlrs. female complaints; in?t. relief;
treatment $10; hour?, lo to 5; 25 years' exper.
DR. WESTON-Proxr.pt relief for ladles: con-
sult hint free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 4S1.
DR. ROSEN refides 299.1 Folsom St., corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS,
original methrd of treatment. 1120 Market Ft.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured hy herbs.
SIINES AND MIXING^
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns cne of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed en the market 20,0<)0 shares
of its stock at 25c a share, the par value
being $1, Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln-
Ir.g expert, is In charge of the work and re-
port* that the richness tf the mine is gaining
rapidly as the work advances: thin stock will
go tc 92 a share within the next 12 months;
lDteresf-d parMes can see the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the offic* of their
f.fecal agents,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 8C7 Market »*-
BIISCKLLANEOUS — FO n S ALE.
BOILERS, engine. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair !t with elaterite; In rolis ea*y to lay:
ceeds no painting or coating; gocd over old
ircn tin or shingles ; bent for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market <t.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engine?, pumps,
pulleys, ehafting. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rt-nted and exchanced; see Sunday papers,
li. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — FINE «ults. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2:iS Kearny ft.,
near Bush; open to i) p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS. se!Is or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Sjear rt.
SHOWCASE; glass front; running drawers
and doors: 2S feet: price $50. UACIGALU-
PIS PENNY ARCADE. M0 Market *t.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly u«ed. sola at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent tret. H. E. R^valk & Co.. San Franrlso.i.
ALTERATION «a]e — Best $2 50 hats. $1 &<>.
Popular Price Halter. 330 Kearny st.. near
fine; open to '■> p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's fhces at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
"Vi<? ROLL and up: flr.e wall pa;.er: samples
mailed; palntlrp. tinting, papering. M. MKK-
1GAN. 1303 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred HolFteln bulls and a lot
fine family ir*sh cows at BCBAKFER'8
STOCK TABP. San Bruno road.
FOB fale — Plunilrr*' a:id carpenters' tools;
large grinding stone; floor trucks with track*.
ut Ii53 Howard st.
FOR sale — New cash register. 170<) Devlaa-
dero st.
TYPEWRITER. ko<lak. printing press, field
KlasF. jew*ler> gold roll?, liox lC.t. Fruitvale.
FOU SALE — Gasoline pchornor; cap. about 30
tons. Apply N. SULLIVAN. 2S Ritch st.
SAFES and cash registers, new >»nd second-
hand. I. FKKCMAN. i::2D Market «.
DESKS boiiRht. sold and exchanged. T. D.
_ MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 MlErlon; tet Bush 4<i7.
MILES of pipe and flttir.g?; nil sizes! EU~-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo ft.
SOME food second-hand gasoline englno«, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 33:5 Markrt.
DESKS and safes; se» the complete line at 1S10
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER~
MXNN SAFE CO.. 307 Batt»ry st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns', «ale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market Et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4G Fremont st,
APK for prices on second-hand typewriter?; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — A Gray electro plating dynamo.
Address STEWART BROWN, San Jos?, Cal.
WANTED — To buy Empire diamond contracts
below $3000. Box 2722, Call offi:e.
LARGE second-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE, 840 Mancet St.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clotMkg; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought! H. C. HOLMES^
1149 Market et.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MO.M'.V TO LOAN.
AXA-HEnUAX^fCRPHT.
C01-602-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Eave expenses by dealing directly..
Estates, second mortgages, ■ undivided Inter*
«r.i assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL. LOAN
A reasonable amount en
j let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage on real estat* or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full paitlculars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Bcx 408. Call ofHce.
A.\Y amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rate*: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., C8 Donohoc bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer*
chants, tevmstere. boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
4<l principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store
846 Market: t.-l. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
A 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al no commission, no publlcity;$25 up;qulck.
private, confidential. 2« Montgomery, rm. .7.
M. JACOBSON & CO., financial brokers, Emma
Spreckels bldg., rm. V21: loans and all other
financial matters negotiated; confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO SIO.COO.
NEW ea*y method— To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Ajency. 143 Fbelan building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1904.
MOXEV TO LOAN— Continued.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commis3lon;installments accepted.
BONELLI. SOI Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY Icanefl: reasonable rates. NORTON
CO . 70S Market Et.. room 207^
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
S% ON furniture A- pianos; lo upr'no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy st.
1 PEIl cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employer. R. ail. Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned calsrled people on notes w 1 l t h 1 0U # t
Indorter. MORELL 609 Examiner building.
musical' instkumknts.
a~fTn1Tselection of piano bargains,
all uprights.
Chlckering; waluut case; nearly pew.
Sieinway; about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest, lamest size;
nearly new.
Stelnway; largest pize; fine condition.
Sterling; mahncany case; largest size.
Standard: oak case; sood as new.
Halnes Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
ca»e; nearly new.
Steck; largest size.
Steck: medium slse; mahogany case: nearly
new.
Two Neumanns; good condition.
Fteck grand piano; good as new.
Stelnway grand piano; tn good order.
PRICES FROM 5125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber. Stelnway.
Halnes Iiranlch & Bach and others, from
$10 up.' BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON,
Chlckering Agents.
Curtaz building. 1C O'Farrell ft.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
joii a new piano for $3 per month and allow
0 months' rent and cartage off purchane
price; sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. ECO Hayei.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
?50 up:*greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes; rents $2 up; Install-
ment.? $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary s«t.; Oakland address. 1252 Broadway.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (al3O furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage. 1636 Market St.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market et., second floor.
NEW pianos scld on $5 monthly payment*.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister ft.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano:
perfect order; Facrlfice. Keeffe'g,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
° KFICEs A - VI * STOKES TC *~ltH!!!'^-
FOR rent from March 1— Stores. 1059-1061
Market Ft. Apply Immediately, George
Dnvis. Central Theater, cr SHAINWALD,
BUCK BEE & CO.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary St.. opp. City of Paris.
yI»EKSO.\ALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
ar.<! Itching scalp; no s-tain or stlckinesj;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genulna
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 4tKJ Geary.
PHYSICIAN. 15 ye«ra' experience, cures urr-
nianttitly morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrers Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corn*r Gutter St.; fee moderate.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the »ork that is the important item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 751 O'Farrell.
DRlTSKEfiNESa, morphine and all <lru»r dis-
eases Doaltlveijr cured by Willow ■ Hark—Co.,
i:;73 Waller; consultation fr*-e; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shatn]>oolng specialty.
MME. ROUME. 2-11 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR hubit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no chanjes. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
997 Market St.. room 203.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
ar.d trous-rs at 'CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market St.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day eves.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st.. near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW, jeweler, formerly of 1W7
Geary St.. has moved to 218 Post st.
Act Ira rertores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VJDA CO.. S524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electii'' needle specialist. ,'ili9 Sut-
ter. r. CCO. Misa Eaton. 233 Geary, room U.
Bon March* Pants Co.; special $5 pants, to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 10, 40 Ellis. Tel. Druram 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, piay books. wlg3;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN it CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by el*c-
trlc nefdle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit <7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Jin-fit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
PALJvJi'l'RY.
MME. DEVAS. scUntlnc palmist and a-rtrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1 : open Tuesday evg. also. i:t9 Post st.
MME. MERC1KR, astrological palmist. 711
Post st.; no sipn.
MME. NEHRGARD, located at 212 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor »t. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAI'KnHA.XGING. PAINTING, ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting,
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Main 4L>
PHYSICIANS AND SUIIGEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL— Of fice~and"resldence.
l<J2Mi Market St.. bet. 6tb and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL 1073M. Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 067 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington «t.
DR. M. MATSL'DA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All c5!s.
eagpy curej by Chinese herbs. 74H-S Clay st.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture!
household goods- stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
nee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone' East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mimslon St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL ADVERTIhEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
ol San Francisco, State of California. Pro-
bate—In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased. No.
30074, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will, C. C. P.. sec. 1303—
Notice is hereby given that MONDAY, the
29th day of February, A. D. 1004, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
City Hall, in the city . and county of
t-an Francisco. State of California, have been
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC. deceased, and for hearing the
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the Issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) W1 J <?HNJ.- GREIF. Clerk.-
By E- 8. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. .
Dated February 15. A. D. 1004.
Indorsed: Filed February 15. 1904.
JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP, WHEELER
It HOEFLJ3R, Attorneys lor Petitioners.
KHAL BgTATJE: — c »^y—^£R^.S*LK.
E^^OxTEUJRnJGE & CO., 638 Market St.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
February 23 3904, At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
Nos. 2134-3»J-3S Folsom St., S. of 17th: abso-
lutely "new building, containing store with liv-
iii£-rooms and 2 handsome flats above of «
rooms and porcelain baths each; renting for
$S)0 per month.
MISSION ST. (PROBATE SALE).
Nos 2317 and 231S> Mission «t., N. of 20th;
extremely large lot. 45x122:0 ft.; nominal im-
provements thereon; mortgage of |5000; will be
sold subject to conflrmfttlon of Probate Court.
CLEMENTINA-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 43t3-43ij>fi Clementina St., \V. of 5th; Im-
provements consist of 3 substantially built fiats
containing 5-0-0 rooms; rents low at $51 per
month; mortgage of $2000 can remain.
PINK-ST. INVESTMENT.
S. line oX Pine st.. 110 ft. E. of Octavla:
extremely large lot, 115x120 ft., through to Aus-
tin ave.; Improvements consist of four 2-story
dwellings. Nos. 1S11>-21 -23-25 Pine st., contatn-
Ing « rooms and bath each and three 2-story
iWvelling!) of 7 rooms each at Nos. 422-24-2U
Austin ave.; rents $123 60 per month.
SEVENTH-AVE. BUILDING SITE.
Lot of land on E. line of 7th ave., 100 ft. N.
of Point Lobos ave.; lot 25x120 it.; this prop-
erty Is situated In a particularly desirable por-
tion of the Richmond district.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 42S6-S8-00 Mission st., near Tingley;
large lot, 64 ft. frontage. Irregular depth; Im-
provements. 3 frame buildings, occupied for
business purposes: mortgage of $2S50 on prop-
ertv: must be Fold.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING SITE.
W. line of Fillmore st.. 35:0 ft. S. of Fil-
bert; lot 25x100 ft. This portion of Fillmore
st. is rapidly increasing in value.
FULTON-ST. RESIDENCE. *
No. 1553 Fulton St.; a beautiful residence of
11 rooms and bath; elegantly finished; first-
class condition: should be seen to be appre-
ciated.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 639-41-43 Lyon St., near McAllister; 3
beautiful modern flats containing 6 rooms and
bath each: unfinished attic; handsomely
planned and rubstantially built.
VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No 1025 Vallejo St.. E. of Franklin; beauti-
ful 2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath;
this Is a particularly desirable neighborhood;
inspectlon^-Ited. gT
No. 072 HowarJ st.. N. line. 250 ft. E of 6th;
lot 25xS5 ft.- old Improvements thereon; occu-
pied as carpenter shop and Chinese laundry;
renting for $45 per month.
For- A Particu > .ar 8L apply GE &
60S Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Incomparable "Oceanside Lots :
on official grade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms;
see them to-day; set off cars cor. 47th ave.
and H st.
$75 to $250 — Near Park and ocean: $5 monthly.
Ocoanside Branch Office, ccr. 40th ave. and
K Et.; open Sundays and holidays. •
$500 to SI000 — Choicest Sunset lots for build-
ing; craded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$2."<0 to $S."i0 — Superb Richmond lots, opposite
"new "Spreckels Lake": matchless view;
don't miss this opportunity; Installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$150 to $500 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots;
$5 monthly.
$1200 tc £',500 — Modern cottages in Sunset,
Ri< litnond, Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & SOX. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
DO you want n nice bathroom? Call on AHIj-
BACII & MAYER. Plumbers. S3rt Howard st.
REAL ESTATE Country — Fop Snle.
w~jT^vinfE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$30.000 — KlamatU Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klnmath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about .'1500 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good S-room residence; farming imple-
ments; 10 hor»4s; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,000 — Jn Sonoma Co.: SOW acre* well fenced
fn .1 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered: 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
ncres S-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming tiiinlements. etc.;- $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property.
$27.000— In Placer Co.. on R. R. — lfiSO acre*,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head rattle year round: dwelling; 3 gcod
barns; farming implements; CO head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; pait cash.
$s50O — Sold by order of Superior Court. 1080
acres, near Point Arena. 200 acrv3 fine potato
land: apple orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well Im-
l>roved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acre*; 2 sets good improvement; 'well fenced;
orrr.:ird; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3.'.OO— Only 2 miles of town. 15."> acres; 10
acren old vineyard; family orchard; CiO acres
clover or alfalfa; under .1 ditches: large new-
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $1000 clown.
$2500 — 100 acres near boat and cars, Sonnma
Co.; goad C-rconi house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow. poultry. $200;
job can be had with the place.
S.-'.COO — One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
crosb-fencel; 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools: 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
plprd to buildings: furniture.
$if.00 — Two and half mlli-s live town and
H. it. ; 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek, about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear.
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.: fine, place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$."i00f> — 3 mil<'» of Santa Cruz, 47 acres; 18
undor cultivation, balance fine pasture; .105
apsort<.fl fruit trees; 15 H) grapes; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid S-room hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
8nd harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2050 — 1C0 acres, 8 miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O. ; "0 ncres under cultivation; 15
acrrs full bearing fruit: 15 acres fine grain;
05 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry house.*,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tool*.
$3000 — 100 ceres, at station and near Santa
Cruz, .'15 acres clear: orchard; 10-room house;
outbuilding : mortgage 12000: trade equity.
S3500 — Near San Jose, 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes: facilities for irrigation; bulld-
$;i250 20 acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
•750 <jold mine, with shaft and fine ■ body
of ore in sight. El Dorado Co. ; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1«00 20 ncres. near Sebastopo'.. Sonoma
Co' • 0 acres cleRr; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream; buildings; rich sandy lcam;
easy terms. .
$2250— Reft equipped poultry farm In the
State- 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Calistoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tools; all go.
(1900 Near Sebastopol: 1C acres; orchard.
berries; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
si.soo 240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acres
bearlns orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acres bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools' water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity ?S0O; to exchange.
SO acres; 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapex.
berries buildings: one mile town; tools; $(500.
Send fctanip for printed list.
W J WHITE 20 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
koo 7 A Merced River. Merced Co., Cal.; ap-
"liraised by court at $71,000: assessed by
County \ssessor at $40,000; offered for $50.-
000- Vi year's time. C per cent; 000 A. level
grain fruit and. alfalfa land: 4327, A. roll-
j nB grazing and grain land; Merced River
passes through land: 000 A. can be Irrigated—
watT free — no royalties: Improvements good:
rchool 1 mile: church and town 3 miles, on
direct road to Yosemlte: must be sold to close
vetate- a bargain; the profits from these lands
made *he former cwr.ar. JOHN L. IVELL,
who was murdered In 1890, rich; fine rains;
everything ereen and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-Iaw^Merced, Cal.
PAJARO VALLEY APPLE ORCHARDS.
This valley Is recognized the world over as
the great apple center of California. We have
two owners who are desirous of giving their
children an education at the State University,
therefore they will sell cheap for cash or ex-
change for properties in San Francisco or
Berkeley. 50 acres valued at $11,000; 30
acres valued at $4500.
To those who mean business, call or write
for particulars.
, GAFFEY & MAHON.
Real .Estate Agents. BOS California St.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Sar.ta Crux County, Cal.; prlc*
$5000: also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Mosa. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA Jands. stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues *cnt free. , C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
' Market st- ' -.--. '■ ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
i 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
hi:.\l kstate — city for sale.
wTjTgunnI
oho california st.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1,850 — Union, near Broderick. on sunny side,
with crand marine view; one lot left;
the others all Jugt sold and fine Im-
provements to go up as soon as rainy
season is over; size 25x100; $100 first
payment. $30 to $40 monthly; ready for
building.
$2,100 — Webster-st. corner: 25x100: cheap.
■ $13,700^ — Green st., overlooking Presidio; grand
marine view; on sunny side; 68x105.
$50,000 — Two grand corners: one is a NE. cor-
ner 275x137:0; panoramic marine view;
very choice.
$10,000— Webster-st. corner, 110x100; fine buy
for a builder.
$9,000— Cheapest corner in Western Addition;
137:»Jxl37:«; a NW. corner; cars pass;
' both streets sewered; a fine purchase to
subdivide again.
$6,500— L-irkin; 2 flats, each 7 rooms and
bathroom.
?0,500— Brodarlck-st. corner; 2 flats.
$:i,Q{)0— Lake-st. corner; 32:0x100^, a fine buy
for a crocer; cars pass.
$5,000 — Lake st.; 5 lots;, cheaper than other
lots in vicinity, which ar» held at $1500
■» to $1650 each.
$3;750 — Clement st. ; large lot, 78x115; fine
lot to Improve with stores.
$5,000 — A sunny NW. corner in Western Ad-
dition; make offer; magnificent lot to
Improve with 7 flats or fine residence*
with grand marine view: large lot: very
cheap; to be sold at once.
$1,800 — Lake-st. corner, 32:8x100; lovely ma-
rine view: street work done; fine site
for a residence.
$650 — Lots on 21st ave., near Clement-st.
cars; 25x120; street macadamized.
$575— Lots on 22d ave.. close to Clement-st.
electric cars; 25x120.
$400 for a lot 25x120; ready for building; a
few steps from Clement-st. cars.
Lots north of the park on all the avenues.
W^ J. GUNN. 530 California st.
WANTED — Gcod tenant for commodious store
and basement to be built on Fillmore St., nr.
McAllister; neighborhood now good and
growing better; will build to suit. Box 2C72,
Call office.
YOU can buy a lovely home in San Mateo, on
car line, house of S rooms and bath, barn,
chicken house, lot lOOxlSO. $6000: $1000 down,
balance $62 50 per month. D. COFFIN &
,CO.. 3303 Mission st. .
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays . the
highest price for buildings and will wrecu
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
IF you have a house and lot In San Francisco
that Is mortgaged and you want to get out
to the best advantage, address, with particu-
lars and price, box 154, Call office.
FOR sale — 08 9-12x137:6 on'Paciflo St., under
lease: $85 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan,
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building
rOlXT RIC HMOXP REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldsr.
ALAMEDA ADVEIiTIS'MENTS
ALAAircnA KI3AL ESTATE.
NINE-ROOM house; gocd location; to rent or
for sale; also (5- room house; lot 42x150; In
good location; fruit trees, etc.: $3000; bar-
gain. CHARLES ADAMS & CO., Bay sta-
tion, Alameda; phone Union 1952.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKKLEY REAL ESTATE.
|6j;0 — Lot near College ave. ; street work done;
one block from car line.
$1400 — I»t on Hillegas ave., near Derby; 50x
148; owner wants money at one: snap.
$4R50 — S-room house; Bancroft. near Tele-
graph; one block U. C, grounds.
CHENEY & BERRY,
Postofllce Block Bide
BAKGA1NP— We buy, sell, exchange or bul'.d
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
10 acres of land In the suburbs of Oakland;
well located, to subdivide and sell lots: elec-
tric cars to the property; e»sy terms; chance
to make $5000.
E. BISHOP.
4CG Tenth St..
Oakland.
OAKLAND FIIR.\ISUEI> HOUSES.
6 ROOM.- 5 , four furnished; superb location:
modern; going away; cheap. 410 Walswortb
ave.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
FRONT snace with window; store or offices;
also basement. 1!V5.'> Broadway.
OAKLAM) FURNITURE FOIt SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaaa.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
' ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 3020—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms for hskpg.; reasonable; references.
DB NORMANDY, COS Post— Nicely fum. rms.,
$2 week up; also hskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas: reasonable.
HAIGHT. 17S6— Elegant new sunny hkpg.
rooms: fur. or unfur.; laundry; bath; phone.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine — >
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free, baths; rate $H0 up.
MINNA. 540 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; large yard.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children.
POLK. C12 — $14: bedroom, small kitchen, gab
•tove, bath; no children.
THIRD. 308 — One grand sunny front room, 2
Windows. $10; others $6; running water.
TWENTY-FIFTH and Capp, grocery store —
Three furnished housekeeping rooms, $12.
VAN NESS. 1008 — Large sunny . furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good beard in Immediate vicinity.
-A BRANCH office of The Call Tor the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been cpened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
APARTJWENTJBOUSES^
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine St..
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and 0 rooms eacn,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves xnd hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and at*
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
ran rent direct from owner, who will man t«t*
the building, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post et.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla. cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; prtvata
baths; $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. .'{-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat. el?c.
.lights, elevator, gas ranges: $:'.O to J."55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmts;strlctly first-class: steam heat:electrlo
lights-.priv. ;phone;elev. :1 to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
St! LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: now open: references.
'. ' HADDON HALL,
MI-EDDY ST REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnil Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sta. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, I4S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. 41 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
' $1 50 to $10 week; 'house open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1864) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMING8 (The),- 61S Post, nr. Taylor — Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cola
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone
every room; elevator: breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnfarn. j
EDINBURGH. THE. 230 Powell, cor. Geary-
Bunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
FRANKLIN. 1514— Comfortable, sunny front
room; ' suitable for one or two. ►
GRAND Eouthtrn, 7th and Mission— Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $Q wk; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 463 Ellis St.— New house
and new furniture; steam heat, hot water,
free baths; house open and elevator service
all night: transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly at the Vendome, 1104 Market at.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, S5 and $6 per month. t
KEARNY. 215 — Rooms suitable for photogra-
pher, doctor, dentist or real estate^
LACUNA, 1511, cor. Geary— Front suite: newly
furnished: modern fiat; every convenience;
private family of 2; phone Geary 4082.
MARKET. lftJ2— Nice, sunny room»; also
housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
MISSION. S37A— Furnished rooms by the day.
weelt or month: prices reasonable.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single.
O'FARRELL. 77C— 2 sunny unfurnished parlor
.rooms; suitable for a physician: reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUTTER, 622 — Comfortably furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; bath: terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 1120 — Four sunny rooms, lower por-
tion of residence; suitable for ladles' tailor,
milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.
THE MENDIS, 1141-1151 Market— Nice Mar-
ket-st. 'suites, $5 and $6 per week; no tran-
sient.
THIRD, 308 — Rooms, 25c, 50c, 75c and Jl per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $9 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free busfbaggags.
VAN NESS ave., C19 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 SO night; $2 to $8 week; elevatpr;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light In
every room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to $3 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the receptton
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market Et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AND D^AKtVJ
HOT-L HATTON
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
XOlfi VAN NESS AVE. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
BOARD and room In private family In Berke-
ley, close to cars; good home cooking; $20
per month. Address 1 bcx 2570, Call office.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fide rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 309 — Furnished rooms: bom*
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
A ROOM with board for a gentleman (2 meals')
In family or boarding-house; boarding-house
preferred; reasonable rates. Box 2582. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$5O REWARD for the body of Philip Simon-
ettl. fisherman, drowned n*ar Sausalito.
ONETO UROS. 410 Bay St.. ctty.
SEWING MACHINE* AND SUPPLIES
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chlnet; elightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand, $3. $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home 'Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
$1C 50 — NEW Improved drop-head nickel-flnlsh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sowing machines
$2 50. $3. $4. 145 Bth st.: tel. Jessie 31.".tt.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur«
In every case; individual teaching: no medi-
clne. Inqjlre into wonderful cures: home curs
TYPEWRITERS AND^SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par.
tlcuiars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery »t.'
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Web*ter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
in 1 ; ooclety. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market s>t.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending ."1st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum cf U2) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*,
tree of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1004. JOSEPH A. LEO.N-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Cap Devices— Depot guarter-
n-.aster&' olfice. 30 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal., February 4. 1&04. — Sealed
proposals in triplicate will be received at this
orf.c-* until 10 o'clock a. m. Friday, February
19. 1904, P&cific standard time, and then
opened, for furnishing 131.503 cap devices for
cavalry. Infantry, artillery and engineer
troops." Bids will be cpened for the delivery
Of th« same artUle at the SUn Francisco, Bos-
ton. Chicago and Philadelphia d«pots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (Including in the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced en the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the con3umstion re-
quired by the public service there. The United
States reserve the right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
Icrmatlon and blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals for
Cap Devices." and addressed to Major C. A.
Devcl. Quartermaster. U. S. Army. Depot
quartermaster. .
CONSTRUCTING Quartermaster's Of flee.
Vancouver Barracks, Wash., Feb. 15, 1904. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 a. m March 17.
1904, and then opened in the presence of
attending bidders, for constructing, plumb-
ing, heating, gas piping, electric wiring and
■gymnastic apparatus for a gymnasium and
. post exchange at Vancouver Barrack?, Wash.
Plans and specifications and full Information
will be furnished r,n application to this of-
fice. Plans may also be seen at the office
of the quartermaster at Seattle. W'ash., and
at Fort Wright. Wash. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes should be Indorsed "Proposals for
Public Building at Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.," and addressed to Captain W. C.
WREN. Constructing Quartermaster. Van-
couver Barracks, Wash.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 2O. 1904 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re- l
celved here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
• 20, 1004. and then opened for construction of
frame kitchen and *torehouse under officers'
ward and for enclosing two verandas at the
General Hospital, Presidio of San Francisco,
Cal. Government reserves the right to reject
•or accept any or all bids tn whole or in part.
Information furnished on application to WM
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
«rwt. ChUf Q. M.
makriagl; ljcknses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Abe Bearwald. 21. f>46 McAllister street, and
Mollie "Waters. 21. 1321 Kearny.
Herman Stelnbruek. 26. 1107C Folsom street,
and Margaretha Wulff. 24. 211 Bartlett.
Ralph B. lrwin. 22, 2»88.Plne street, and
Sadie Lyons. IS, 2SH» Pine.
William P. Creede, 29. 3400 Fillmore street,
and Maggie M., Hogan. 23, 2120 Greenwich.
Lewis Sherman, 28. 505 Golden Gate avenue,
and Emma Jones. 24, M)5 Golden Gate.
Frank E. Simon, 24. Placerville. and Marlon
Brown, i 22, Grass Valley.
William C. Morboff, 21, New York City, and
Nora II. Brosnan. 21, city.
Charles* H. J-nklns Jr., 2S. city, and Enirr.a
A. Stout, 20, city.
James F. Conlin, 2fi, 15 Mason street, and
Lola Edwards. 22. 014 Howard.
Andrew E. Murdock. 4.".. Reno. Nev., and
Harriet O. Rcbert?. 40>. city.
John Hess. 4«. Tracy, and Christine Pt*.
52. 1222 Vermont street.
Harold P. Rour.da. 2S. Kansas City, Mo., and
Emma M. Proulx. 18. Butto. Mor.t.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— SEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be hand»tl
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized t > have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcemrni
of tbe ev<nt are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
FARER— In this city. February 10. •lltot. to
the wife of P. Fabrr, a dautfh^r.
McGETTICAN— In this city. February 1H.
19O4. to the wife of Dr. C. D. McGettlgan. a
son.
ROSENBERG — In Alameda. Cal.. February
lC, 1904. to the wife of Gay Allender Ro%
enberg, a daughter.
SCHWARTZ In Oakland. Cal.. February 1«.
1DO4. to the wife of Abe R. Schwartz, a
daughter.
SPIEGEL— In this city. February 6. 1904. to
tbe wife of William C. Spiegel, a daughter.
STOFFER— In this city. February 1.1. 1!HI4,
to the wife of August Stcffer, a. son.
MARRIED.
DIBBLE— DU VAL— In this city. February 1*.
1004. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
J. J. Prendergast. vicar general, Oliver Dib-
ble and Catharine Stuart Du Val.
FERNS— SMITH— In this city. February 16.
1004, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Henry H. Ferns and Annie M. Smith, botn
of this city.
GIBBS— SCHMIDT— In this ctty. February 18,
1SO4. hy the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Charles Gibbs of Cedar Rapids and Pauline
Schmidt of I'hicago.
KOLP— HECKER— In San Rafael. Cal.. Harry
T. Kolp of Pennsylvania and Eva Hecker
of San Francisco.
___ .
Ahlgren. Nellie McMahon. Edward
Bamford. Joseph M!att. Fred F.
B!shop, Peter D. Murphy. Patrick*
Boner. William Nulty. NVllle
Burns, Andrew Regie, John
Cron. Carl Riley. Thomas E.
Crowley, Barbara Rose. A. S.
Drlscoll. Kftie May Saxtorph, Axel I*
Dunn, John Slch. Metta Maria
Gerken. Metta Stlckney. Silas C.
Hanratty. Delia Stockman, John M.
Hayes. Edward Mnkenberg. Wm.
Hayward, Alvinza Tully, Frank
Hiliiard. Eunice S. Van Vranken. Mary
Hogan, William Whitley. Mattie U.
Kloppenbur;?. Dora Zcpf. Frank L.
Marino, Rocco
AHLGREN— In the City and County Hospital.
Febrvary 1«. l'.HM, Nellie Ahlgren. a native
cf California, aged 22 years.
BAMFORD— In this city, February 1.1. 100*.
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma Damford.
and father of Joseph. James, John and
Jess« Bamford, and Mrs. Henry Kershaw,
Mrs. William Bamford. Mrs. Alice Mowry.
Mrs. William Fickersen and Mrs. Sidney
Moskew, a native of England, aged 70 years
7 months and 21 days.
ICTRemains at the mcrtuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2175
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
BISHOP— In this city. February 10. 1004. Peter
D. Bishop, beloved brother of Michael and
Patrick Bishop, uncle of Mary A. Klshop.
a native of County Monaghan, Ireland.
BONER— In this city, February It. 1004. Wil-
liam Boner, son of the -late John and Eliza*
both Boner, and beloved brother of Mrs.
Lizzie Johnson. Mra Harry Johnson and
Mrs. Charles Cueno and the late Mrs. De-
sola a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years C months and 14 days. A member ot
Steamship Painters' Union, Local No. USti.
CSTTlie funeral will taki place Wednes-
day. February 17. at 10:."M) o'clock, from th»
parlors of McFadden. McCrearty & Green.
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Elahtb. IntermeJit Mount Olivet Cemetery-
BURKS — In this city, February 15. 1001. An-
drew, beloved husband of Bridget Burnsv
and beloved father ot Annie. Edward W..
Margaret. Mollie. Andrew. Joseph and Be»-
>it- Burns, a native of >>■!••■ :•* County. lr»-
land. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27.
A. O. U. W., and the Draymen and Team-
sters' Union.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(WednejiJay). at 9:."U> o'clock, from his lata
re.'icU-nce. 201 Oak atreot. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem mans will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CRON— In Oakland. Cal.. February lrt. 1904.
Car!, beloved son of William and the lata
Anna Cron. and brother of Mrs. A. Kruevkel,
Mrs. 15. Thomas. Mrs. H. Hahn, William
Cron Jr., Minnie. Annie and Tillie Cron, a
native of Oakland, aged 2U years and 24
day.«.
CItOWLF.Y— In this city. February 16. 1904.
Ttarbara Crowley (nee £ullivan>. relict of
the late Cornelius Crowley. beloved aunt of
John P., Thomas F.. Richard P. and Cor-
nelius L. Keating, a natlVe of CaMrciveeo,
Couaiy Kerry, Ireland, agt-d OS years.
(C^Remalns at the residence of her cousin.
Timothy Sullivan. 771 Harrison street, near
• Fourth.
DRIPCOLL— In this city. February l«. 19O4.
Effte May. beloved wife of Dr. Edward Drls-
coll and mother of Ray Hitchcock, a native
of Missouri, aged 33 years 11 months and
4 days.
ETTuneral strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
DUNN — At hi3 late residence, 1303 Pag»
street, February 15. 190*. John Dunn, aged
74 years.
IT.;-" Friend.-- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
Calvary Presbyterian Church, corner of Jack-
eon and Fillmore street* Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
GERKEN— In this city. February 15. 1904.
Metta. beloved wife of the lata Hermaa
1 Gerken. and devoted mother of Mrs. K. Han-
son of Portland, and Herman and William
Gertcen and the late Mrs. Jacob Gingg. and
sister of Mrs. Aug. Muhl and Mrs. F. Todt.
a native of Elmshorn. Ilolatein. Germany,
aged 78 years and IS days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tr> attend the funeral to-dajr
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
HANRATTY— In Oakland. Cal., February IS.
1904, Delia, beloved wife of the late John
Hanratty. beloved mother of Edward. Mary
J., Margaret A.. John S.. Mrs. C. Markel.
Mrs. C. Cummins and Arthur F. Hanratty,
a native of Churchboroush. County Ros-
common. Ireland, aged CS years 3 months
and '■'• days*.
HAYES — In this city. February 16. 1004. Ed-
ward Hayes*, beloved huaband of the tat*
Mary Hayes, loving father of James Hayes,
and brother of Maurice Hayes. Mrs. M.
Mitchell and Mrs. J. Wallace, a native of
Freemont, County Cork, Ireland.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Monahan, O'Hara & Co..
2XJ9-41 Mission street, naar Nineteenth.
HAYWARD — Sunday, February 14, 1904, Al-
vlnzs Hayward, of San Mateo, Cal.
E7"Friends ar« invited to attend services
at Masonic Temple, corner of Post . and
Montgomery streets, Thursday, February IS.
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment private. It i*
kindly requested no flowers be sent.
HILLIARD— In this city. February 13. 10C4.
Eunice S. Hllllard, beloved mother of II. C.
and W. II. Hllliard and Mrs. H. F. Coff-
man. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 78
years 4 months and .1 days.
CTThe funeral will take- place to-day
(Wednesday*, at 12:3O o'clock, from her Iatt»
residence. 33 Washington avenue, thence to
Ft. John the Evangelist Church. Fifteenth
street and Julian avenue, at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOGAN— In this city. February 14. 1904.
William Hcgan, a native of New Hampshire,
aged U2 years.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-day
fWednerday). at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7(57 Mission
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KLOPPENBURG— In this city, February 16.
1904, Dora Kloppenburg, beloved mother of
Henry A. Duhrr.en. a native of Germany,
aged r.7 years 11 months and 9 days. (New
York and Chicago. 111., papers please copy.*
EDTrUnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MARINO— In th!a city. February 18, 1D04.
Rocco. dearly beloved husband of Elena
Marino, and father of Frank, Domenic, Jo-
seph and Pietro Marino, and Mrs. Lucietta
Continued on Page Fonrter
irTENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — .
Formerly in Metropolitan Tempi*.
Now at 8«6 MISSION. Tet. South 1S7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth sU
Finest Eo.uis>iaenta at Moderate Rate*. J
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page ThlrU?en.
Curcio and Mrs. Filomcna Scocpzza. a na-
tive cf Virgiano. Italy, aged 63 > ca [»- _ t
CTTriend? and acquaintances are r«Pec£
Tully invited to attend the {™ra' h ?I
rnomm .Thursday*, at 10 o'clock, '««»*»
late tcMdcnoe. 717 Greenwich street corner
. itf I\.«ell. thence to BU. Peter and Faul r
Italian Church, where a requiem high mass
will U- celebrated for the rcpoM ofhi *oui.
.■om.nencinR at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
McMAHON-In this city. February 16 1»H.
Unid McMahon, a native of Ireland, agea
MIATT-In this city. Frbruary M'***!*^
r. Mian, a native of Iceland, agca w>
J!rnP*HY-In this city. February 15. 1904
Patrick, betored husband of tbe late EM«i
A Murphy, and father of Mrs. J. •>• Pr . p "-
detxaat,' a BMiiv or County Tyrone Ire-
Un5, aced O years 10 months and S toyfc
CJTThe funeral will take place to-da>
V^cdnesdayK at 9*0 °^ lock '«.. fr 2S »/.*
!n?ral parlors of McGinn I?ros _i— -^ *»<■-
iUiMer «*t*t. tbeac* to St. Charts Borro-
>. os < "hurch for Krvtcc*. Interment private,
...lv Cross Ometery.
., -i.TT-In this city. February 16. 1004. Nel-
• . brloved dftushter of Nicholas and the
,,:- Miry Nulty. and fisicr of Mrs. J. Fran-
i- <if Sn^^ishtcwn, a native of i-an ]• ran-
tT'Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited vo atton.i the fun'-ral ii-nioinro-
'Tbunday) at R:"0 o'clock, from the chapel
of the Passion cf St. Mary's Hospital, where
'« requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the impose of her siul, commencing at 'J
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REGL.E— In this city. February 15, 1904, John,
beloved husband cf Hannah n*Ele, and ae-
voted father of K»t!f. Mary. Jormic and Julia
Reg'.e. a native of France, aged 70 years.
CTFrr-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday >. at 9:30 o'clock, frtm his late
residence. 728' 3 Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
»T.l be celebrated for the repose cf his soul,
commencing et 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crosi Cemetery.
RTL.ET— In this city, February 16. 1004.
Thomas Edward, beloved son of James and
Kilrn Rlley. brother of Walter. Arthur. Josio
und Maud P.iley and Mrs. J. Williams. Mrs.
H. Amfs, Mrs. F. Wilson and the late
Georjre Riley. and nephew of Mrs. I>. En-
(.• rt- a native of San Francisco, aged .51
vears 2 months and 24 days.
C^Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tlie funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. I>6«3 Brvant BtreK. thence to St. Rose's
< hurch for cervices. Interment Holy Cross
iVniftery.
ROSE— In this city. February 15, 1904, A. S.
Iio«=e, dear!*- • beloved husband of Bertha
Hose, and father of L*>o and William Rose.
a native of Portugal, aced 26 years- <5 months
kdiJ 15 da>*. A meinber cf Choppers' Friend-
ship Club No. 1.
Z~T Friends and acquaintances and mem-
V^ry of Ourt Apollo No. 7S2. A. O. F.. are
r^ppect fully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (WV-dnetiay*. at 11 o'clock, from his
Ute residence, 17P7 Turk street, under the
■acfdcea of Golden Gate Oarap No. t>4. Wood-
men cf the World. Interment Odd Fellows"
Ceinetcry.
6AXTOP.PH— In Oakland. Cal . February 14.
1304. Axel L... beloved husband of E'.eoncra
<". Saxiorph, and father of ilrs. Matilda
Smith, and Grandfather of Rcmoua and Ed-
tar Smith, a native of Denmark, aged 74
jrars and 17 day*.
CTFriends ana aoquair.ta.nces are respect-
fally invited to attend the funeral sprvices ,
lo-day «V\>dnet-dEy>. at 2 o'clock, at his
Ute residence. 437 Fifty-eighth street. Oak- j
:and. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. I
CIKH- In this city. Februarj" 16. 1MW. Metta ■
Marie Sieh inee Koeliut. dearly belovt-d \
mother of Gtorge W. *feh, Henry Sieh of
Brooklyn. N. Y.. and Mrs. Henrv- Meyer.
a native of Klmshorn. llolrteln, Germany, (
*»:«xl U4 years and 12 days. (Brooklyn.
N. V.. par>er> picas*" copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attt^nd the funeral to-rr.orrow |
iTiiurwiav t. at 2:*' o'clock, from the par- I
!r-s of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1U7 Mission Ftreet. j
bclwoea Seventh and Eighth. Interment I
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral j
• ar from Eighth-nth and Guerrero streets.
BTICSCXET— In this city. February 1«, ir>C»4.
■ Silas C Pticknry. beloved father of Har- |
l*ra and Lynn Stickney. a native of Maine,
aged 42 years 10 roomlis and lfi days.
ITOCKMAN— In Olistoga. Cal . February ir., :
1904. John M.. beloved husband of Sophie R. ;
Ftoricman, ami stepfather of H. D. and J. C. :
Skellingcr and Mar>' D. Erm!:sh. a rative of :
Massachusetts, ag*d tJ years 1<> months and
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend th<» funeral to-morrow
"Thursday). ?s 30:^0 o'clock, frc.m his late
residence, id CasrMl avenue, off Douglass ;
Ktre«t, between J'ighteenth ami Nineteenth. :
Ir.tenr,cnt Mountain View Cemetery, Oak- j
land.
fr<»LTFNBr;RG-In Alaraeda. Cal.. February
IS. ir«K. William Stoltenberff. a native oi I
Orniany. aged 5» years.
ITyFriends and acquaintance are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
:*<\V«d»eeday). at 2:3O o'clock. und?r th- !
>u>liii<>s of the Alameda lodges. I. O. O. F., |
!rom th»> undertaking parlors of James Fow- ■
\»t. USSI Parl; i-troet, Alameda. Interment '
M'.'untain View Cemetery.
Tl'ULV— Fobruarj- 1C, 1SO4. Frank, beloved j
ton of Mis. E. Tully. a, native cf San Jose, j
JTT' Interment private. Remain* at the j
psrlora of Carew & English, 2i* Van Ness •
avrnae.
VAN VRANKEN— In Eas-t Oakland. Cal.. i
February 1H. lftf«4, Mary E'.la, beloved wile >
of Manly Van Vranken. and mother of l>es- ]
!i«» Van Viankrn. a r.ative of New York, i
i-Pfd :!4 years 1 month and 15 days*.
VlilTLEV— In this city. Fetoruarj- 10. 1004. j
Mettle Holbrooke beloved wife of Gerald 1-'. |
WWtlejr, p.nd daurhter of th<? late Henry O !
and Martha Holbrook. a native of San Fran- i
daco. agi-d 21 year» r» months and 5 day.".
G^FTicnd? are respectfully invited to at- |
t*rtd the funeial Tliur.sdav. Febniary IS, at'!
1 :'.Vi o'clock, from the residence of G. F. I
Wliitlry, lir>7 Valencia street, between j
T»e: ty-second and Twenty-third streets. In- I
VeiMtUit i'tjv«ite.
ZEPF — In Fruitval*. Cal.. February 15. l'jr<i. ;
Frank L... beloved son of Frank J. and Mary i
V.rp', and brother of F:ed and Adeline j
Zrpf of I-Yuitvalc and Mrs. A. H. Geffeny of j
>» attic, a native of San Francisco, aeed 35 I
vcar*. 10 months and 9 dayr.
C5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
tully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), at - o'clock, from the if*i- '
<i«~nc«>. 1^14 Frultval<* avenue, Fruitvale. In-
terment Mountain, View Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
W*> h^n»vrith desire to expires our thanks
for the kindness and sympathy extended to
U« durinc our late bereavement, especially
to the erfiployes «f Valleau &. I'eterson.
K. J. WII^KINHON and Family.
RKAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 16.
Alonzo W. and May E. link to John A.
Orennan. l"t on SE comer of Pclk and Pacific
street*, i; 3<t i.y s 60; $i«.
Arthur If. P.arendt to Howard B. Peterson, |
Jot on E line of Guugh ftreet. 28 S of Green, 1
• 27 by K 100; $10.
James W. RIc UaroVon. Robert J.. Mary H. !
ind Oorcthy I.mstan to Henry A. Arnold, lot j
>n ,N line of Bush Ftreet, 147:6 E of (Jough, •
;; <> by N 12i>; SKt.
. Annie E. Spencer et al. to Franklin K. !
. v ;)cnccr (second pasty) and F. W. Krone (third
"i'lrtyt. lot on N lino of Haight *trTt. 1O>:3 E
• if Buchanan. E 4(t by N 137 :«: *11.20<"i.
California Saf? Deposit and Trust Company •
t-i Aucustus 1.. Hurroughs. l"t on SE corner I
• •r Filbert and Webster streets, S 25 by n '
100: grant. • |
Monica L<ord to Teresa Walsh, lot com
mradBS i:;7:6 i: of OTctater Ftrert, 155 K of
"ak. 120 N of Pag" and 275 W of Buchanan.
:." W by B 27:fi; grant.
.Iam»>s and Mary Hurke to Elias Cohn. lot
'•n H lin» of Hayes *tr»v>i, 105 W <;f Web>ier '
W 24:10 by S 137:6: *10.
l>iuis and Jennie Kriedlander to Francois
ilanc. lot on W line cr Fillmore street 62 - 8 S
<f O FaiTe'.l, S "• by W *>7:6; $10.
Kmma and John A. McGovern to Sophia
Hiivchliaum <«vife Pigmundj lot on S line of
1^1d> street. 67:6 K of L>evi£adero, E 50 by
.< IC7:fi; ?1<1.
Batata «jf Anne Hettle (by Margaret T. )
IVrliiiiF. csecutrli.) to Thomas J. Morton, lot i
on W line of Scott etreet. 60 S of O'Farrell 1
y 2r. by W 90: $2 mo.
Tim< thy J. Crewley to Paul P. Pphmitz. lot
«ii S line of Frederick >treet, 155:7'4 E of
OK B 25 by K 1S7:«: $10. * * !
Paul P. Schmltz to Emetic Ohrt. same; J10.
Matthew and Ann Khaw to Ilarmaii J. Kim
iaoH «*lfc A. R.). lot on X line of Waller
Mtwt. lSJ:7'i E of Shrader. E 25 by N 100"
flO.
Bella II. Plumm^r to Mary A. Rourke. lot
•>n S line of .lackson *tn*«>t, 142:S W of Cherry.
W C2:ti. SW 128:11 «i. E S2:6, NE 128:ll'.i;
tl«. ' i
hF.vn- to Loui«e C Chcvassus, lot on R line
of Jacksor !^r*^t. 110:2 W of Cherry, W 32:6 I
ly au I2S:11»4: $10.
Mary A. Tobln to George A. Cloujrh, lot on
r: I-ne of Valencia f-treet, 210 S of Hermann,
S ■■■(> by E 167:«;; 110.
Jaraea and Marga7-»t McCartjr to James 3.
f.!«-<;«rty ft als, lot on S line of Fifteenth
tumti E of Mission. E 22 by S «0; also
lot on S lin** of Clay rtreet. 25 E of Dnimm,
B 25 by S t>9:'.i'i; also lot on W line of Fol
»»»i titrect. 210 N of Fifteenth. N .V> by W
122:6: also lot on NW corner of Eighteenth
»nd Capp streets, W 2t by N 92; also lot on
»\V comer of Seventepnlli . and Guerrero
►trefits. W 80 by S 35; also lot on W line of
:lufrrcro street. 35 S of H^venteonth. 8 25 by
IVN»; also lot on X line of Kate etre«t, 100 E
rf TJrjant- B SO by N 50* $>10.
IMfti M. MathetvB et al. to Joseph Sullivan.
t;t on E line of Valr Oaks trtre^t. 61 N of
I> *nty-E«*con4. N 35 by K 117:«: $10.
William Alvord to Danl"! 0*O*T, lot on E
in< of Belcher street, 100 N of Fourteenth,
?,' 100 by n 125; $10.
Thomas J. and Catalina Field to Angelo
ftoi'ieclii. lot on S line of Henry etrect, 225 W
tf Ranchez. W 2T» by S 115; $10.
AlfrWI and Katarina W. Olson to John N.
ir<3 Atrns.it. C. Tbvrr x-t-.n, lot on W line of
OP IXTERKST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
(House Committee Hears Arguments
] Concerning 31ilitary 3Ianeuver
I Site — Patents Granted.
} WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— The fol
lowing special orders have been is
: sued by the War Department:
Captain Bradner D. Slaughter, pay
j master, having reported his arrival at
| San Francisco, in compliance with or
i ders heretofore issued, will proceed to
Omaha, Xeb., and report to the'com-
I manding general of the Department of
j Missouri for duty in that city. Con
j tract Surgeon James B. Ferguson, U.
j S. A., is relieved from duty at Boise
j Barracks, Idaho, and will proceed to
' San Francisco and report to the com
• manding general of the Department of
i California for assignment to duty as
i transport surgeon on the transport
j Dix, to relieve Contract Surgeon Wil
: Ham H. Tukey, U. S. A., who, upon be-
I ing thus relieved, will proceed to
1 Boise Barracks, Idaho, and report to
■ the commanding officer at that post
\ tor duty. *
The following changes in the of
j fleers and reserve agents of the na
• tlonal banks have been announced by
; the Treasury Department: First Na
i tional Bank of Berkeley — Frank M.
i Wilson, vice president, in place of J.
W. Havens. National Bank of Po
i mona — No cashier in place of Charles
i M. Stone; J. P. Stone, second assist
; ant cashier. First National Bank of
i Long Beach — No assistant cashier in
place of E. W. Childs. First National
i Bank of Whittier — F. W. Hadley, as
; sistant cashier, in place of A. C. Ma
! pie. First National Bank of Fullerton
j — E. E. Balcom, cashier, in place of
! T. B. Van Alstyne. Farmers National
i Bank of Fresio — J. J. Kahili, assist
! ant cashier. Santa Barbara County
I National Bank, Santa Barbara—^J. M.
' Warren, assistant cashier. First Na
j tional Bank of Monrovia — C. C. Bow-
I erman, assistant cashier.
The following changes of fourth
! class postmasters have been announc-
I ed: California — Pike, Sierra County,
Daniel L. Wheelock, vice Mina Woods,
I resigned: Roselawn, Siskiyou County,
] Minnie L. Babs, vice Edwin C. Hart,
I resigned.
These patents were granted to-day:
California — Edgar B. Bodlam, San
] Francisco, hydro carbon burner; Wil
j liam N. Best, by mesne assignments to
I W. N. Best, International Caloriflce
Company, Los Angeles, hydro carbon
i burning apparatus; Hiram W. Blais
j dell, Los Angeles, apparatus for clean
i ing sand filter beds; James L. Bryson,
j drill sharpener; Henry J. Burroughs,
• Los Angeles, ore separator; Earl E.
; Chapman, assignor to Standard Bottie
j Closure Company, Los Angeles, closure;
i Elias H. Cowart, Pleasanton. safety
■ turn buckle; Istvan Csik, Stockton,
, blotting pad; Frank Depue. San Fran
i cisco. method of identification; Albert
'■ S. Dixon. assignor to Asphalt Paper
I Pipe Company, Los Angeles, atomiser;
i William H. Martin. Nevada City, and
1 A. McCombie, Grass Valley. Cal., bat
! tery stem guide; James W. Master,
j Los Angeles, valve; Bhilip H. McVicar,
| Livermore. disk harrow; George W.
j Newton, Cambria, mowing machine;
; William R. Rose, Auberry, nut lock;
| Allen C. Rush, Los Angele.«. crude
: hydro-carbon burner: Francis X. Jack
• son, St. Louis, and A. M. Jackson, Co
lusa. voting machine; Sarah R. Stearns,
! Redlands, bread making machine; Hei -
i bert E. Titamore, Agenda, grain lifter.
Representatives Cushman and Jones
i appeared before the Military Commit
| tee of the House this morning and each
made a strong plea in behalf of a pro-
I posed site in the State of Washington
■ for a camp and maneuver ground. They
cited a report of General Funston, who
; recommends a site on the American
; Lake, near Tacoma, in qualified terms,
i They tried to meet the arguments of
| Senator Perkins and Representative
I Needham concerning the large number
i of troops near the California location
; by setting up a plea that in case troops
I were to be transported across the Pa
! cifie that Puget Sound will be the port
! of departure and a camp site there
: would be valuable as a place of ren
i dezvous. The committee will meet
| again Thursday.
Noe street. 51:6 8 of Hill. S 25 by W 80- 810
G. T. and Anna Knopf to "William P.
Hocfcuu. lot en >: line of Twenty-first street
-'.* \\ of York, \V 25 by N 83: Sl<>.
Margaret S.hulken to Matilda and Angela
-' ,f ar \. l ot on H lto< * of Twenty-third street,
«j \\ of HamjiFhire. W 25 by S 104- S1O
McOuaid to J. Clematis Abeltnsr. lot
on \\ line of Potrero ptrfet, VA S of Twenty
third, s -Si by w 100: *lu.
Margaret Lenahan tr> Harry N. Hall, lot on
«>.i 1 V«- Kafr ° ak "' itreet . S3 N of Twenty
fifth. N O by E J00; $M.
Eil ward f. and Eva Curran for Currcn) to
J!ary de Mars (Ryan), lot cm W line of Do
wT«' H «7( V ° f NaVy <Tnent 5- s ixth), N -17, by
r.rnn and Marcarrthe Cordea to Oeorge
J.aiclio.der. i<)t on K line of Church Ptreet 49
b of Twenty-third, s .JJ:« by 1: 100; $10. '
• ', P.'5. rl V ; , 1L Mertthew to JIattie D. Merithew.
*°f v ;, b!ock "■ • T " ncti °n Association <N line
b v nW'* 1 101:9 W °* Douglass « w 50:11
Kstat* of Ralph S. Dorr (insolvent), by
lienry L.. Davis, aFsiimee, to Benoit Hallgar
!.' '' n commencinc ,sr. ,s of California street
an<1 i\t E of * ront. K .11 :H by S 27; $23
»,,^ ra ? ! ces< ; 0 . «">d Fllomena Cava to Philippo
MiragHa. lot en \V line of Sonoma place, 57(>
k 9t 1 men street, S '."0 by W .!7; $10
1 atri< k J Walsh to Charlotte Walsh, lot
?, n iL ne s °f J"l<:e street. S7:«5 N of Pine, X
Martlia r-aldwell to^MarRarct M. Morrison.
° ,""„ • Ilnp of I^avenworth street, ."0:10 S
"£ \allrjo. S 20:2. B 6S. X 20. W 31; N 0-2 W
«i : sift. '
Michael Dillon to Kate A. Dillon lot on SE
b.v*HE kt" S c^t StleCt ' aC ° SW ° f Flretf SW ;!0
Wjllram Hunt to Pcte r William!". lot on SE
20 e bv f SK U S0 r $10^*' 115 XE ° f Fourth - NE
Christian and Fredcn.-ka Salomonson and
Annie Conti fwife of A.) to Patrick T
2i- B !2 Pn ' '"'* cn n " n<? of Thirty-fifth avenuni
225 S of nprai'nt street. S ."7:fi by E 120- $10
Jo**pn Abraham.* to California Safe Deposit
an<! Trust Company, lot on W line of Twenty-
w Cr r>oVro nU °' ~ 3 S ' of Point Lobos - s ro fc y
Carrie E. and Henry «?. Bridge to Cathe F
II11I (wife of Thomas L). lot on K line of
Third avenue, 100 S of Point Lobos. S 50 by E
Fernando and Julin A. Nelson to James S
.Tr. aiirl Wmifrrd M. Webster, lot on E line nf
S^ron.l avenue. 75 N of B street. N a by E
CSty Realty Comr-any to Osrar C. Cappel
mann. Int on E line of Fourth avenue, 35 S of
Huso Ftreet. S 50 by E 9."; $lrt.
AupuKta F. Tuttle (wife .of John) to Colum
b;an Hankinff Company. lot? IS and 10, block
4. f>uh<livirlon 1. Ca^tro-strfet Addition: $10.
Kmma F. and John Webrr <bv trupfeps) to
John Racher. lot on N'R line of Sumatra fSev
entecnth) street. 15f> SK of N SE T.0 bv NE
lW. lots 43 and 44, block 330 Case tract
?lf>10. » - , : .
Esmond and Ellen Kenney to Hannah M
Stockwell. lot 19, block 357. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and P.ailroad AxroHatlon- $10
Hannah M. Stockwell to Oscar Heyman lot
on XK line of Twentieth avenue. 22.% NW of
K street. NW 75 by NE 100. lot 13 block
3R7. South San Francisco Homestead- $10
Oustow and Minna Meier to s. Ducas 'com
pany (corporation), lot on W l!n«» of Goet
tfngen street. 100 N of Kllllman. NT 50 bv W
120. lot 3. block 2fl. University Mound, quit
claim deed: $1. ' ± . .
Ce»ilia Wrisht to same, lot on SW linn of
Fourteenth avenue. 225 NW of T, street
75 ly BW,i0O.^block l'«st). South San Frar.cWo
Homestead: $10.
Frank Undsny (n Man' T.. T.lndsay. lots
"Vf* n ° D ' Frcnch and oilman Tract:
CMd Frllowp- f-emtfry to John Brewster.
lot in cemetery: $H7.
Builders' Contracts.
C,»ors« D and Alma M. Uiw (owners) with
Henrj' P. Otten (contractor), architect J. C
FlUKper— All alteration* and aMltlons. except
Ka» fixtures, mantels and shades f or a two
etory frame building and basement (store and
flat) on SW corner of Clement street and
Fifth avenue. W 32:6 by S 100: $3900
Edward R. Hfndes (owner) wjth Mart lard
Electric Company (contractors), architect New
ton J. Tharp— Electric work for an eicht
«ory and basement brick apartment hotel
bujldins on S line of Suttcr street 104 •« E or
Taylor. E 60:9 by R 137:8: ?3C.V»
Geonce W. and Reuben C. Haas (owner*)
with V. Stanqulst (contractor), architect WH
llam Curlett— Grading, excavating concrete
work and patent ston- work for bulldine on
uniform width of 22 :C by 155 2"« on vw
line of Jessie street and extending W> on 'and
to SW line of Mint avenue. ' then*,. Nw ", n £
BaJd uniform width along and lying fmniodi
atMy to S',V of XYV projection of SW line of
Mint avenu,- and having tr>tal der.th of IV,
• nd I extending to a frontage of 22:6 on SE line
of Stevenson street; $5105. ' ne
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, 'WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1901.
ALAMEDA MAKES ROUND TRIP
IN CONTINUOUS RAIN SHOWER
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Arrives From Honolulu With
160 Passengers — Encounters Very Wet Weather and Captain
Reports Precipitation at Honolulu 7 1-2 Inches in 12 Hours
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, which arrived yester
day from Honolulu, brings a story of
rain which might well sound incredu
lous to Southern California ears. She
left here January 30. and ever since,
until yesterday morning, has been in
a constant downpour of rain. She ran
into the rain shortly after passing out
through the Golden Gate and in driving
squalls and torrential showers made
her way to Honolulu, where the down
pour changed to the solid, tropical kind.
During the Alameda's stay in Hono
lulu the rain poured down continuous
ly. In the space of twelve hours -800
tons of water fell cm the Waikiki estate
of W. R. Castle. The park was con
verted into a lake and eanoeins parties
explored the waters under which lay
the lawns and flower buds of sunnier
days. Near Kilihi during the same
twelve hours the registered rainfall
was 7 '.o inches.
It was raining when the Alameda left
Honolulu and on Monday night pas
sengers were lulled to sleep by the wa
ter patter on deck. The wind changed
to the northwest during the night, how
ever, and yesterday morning Captain
Dowdell discovered the sun^doing bril
liant work in its accustomed position.
Advantage was taken of the gener
ous supply of soft, fresh water to give
the decks a course of holystone mas
sage and in yesterday's sunshine the
planks looked white as bleached linen.
The Alameda brought 1G0 passengers.
In the steerage were 119 Japanese. Her
cargo of 17S0 tons included 16,285 sacks
of sugar, 5350 bunches of bananas and
11S2 sacks of coffee.
Among the passengers were the fol
lowing named: W. A. Bryan. S. M.
Lillie. B. T. MeCullough. Mrs. P. Owens
and child. H. S. Smith. J. "Wagner, Wil
liam Walsh, E. B. de Golia and wife.
Hiss Carey, Mrs. Herokda, E, Koons
and Mrs. Davey. '
Martaban is Uninsurablc
The British ship Martaban. on which 90 per
cert reinsuranco has been paid, was posted at
Lloyd's yesterday as uninsurable. She is out
15S days from Java for the BarbadoeB. The
Martaban is a new ship and this is her maiden
voyage. She is commanded by Captain Hcarn.
Little hope is experienced for her safety. The
other ovcniues are quoted as follows: Theodor.
.".0 per cent: Robert Rickmers. 15 per cent: w!
K. Babcork and Kangalore, 20 per cent; Gen
eral Mellinet, 10 per cent.
Much Susar Arrives.
Enough susar arrived yesterday from the
Hawaiian Islands to counteract the acid ln
the juice of all the lemons grown in California.
Of the K5.W1S sacks of sticky sweetness carried
through the Goldon Gate, the steamship Ala
meda brought from Honolulu 16,285 sacks: the
schooner Aloha, also from Honolulu, 2-'!,S25
sacks;_the bark Amy Turner, from'HIlo, 10,7t>8
sacks, 'and the bark Edward May, from Maka
wcli, 32,800 Backs.
Head Winds Delay 'Her.
The steam schooner Coquille River, which
arrived yesterday from Crescent City, encoun
tered southeast gales which considerably re
tarded her progress. Instead of making the
trip in 40 hours she was 74 hours from port to
port. She had a' heavy list to starboard, but
in fpito of this ard the high seas which con
tinually broke over the little vessel, ehe
brought hcrvicckload to port Intact.
French Bark looses Royal Yard.
Tlie steam schooner Rainier, which arrived
here yesterday 116 hours from Belllngham, re
ports that on February 12, when thirty miles
west of Grays Harbor, she sighted the French
bark Armen, with her main royal yard carried
away. Tho Armtn, from Nantes, arrived yes
terday at Portland.
Sells Part of Her Cargo.
The bajk Willscott, bound frcrn, Philadelphia
for San Diego, which put into Stanley, Falk
land Island, on account of her cargo heating,
has discharged and sold 300 tons of coal by
order of the surveyors, In order to lighten the
vessel and leave room for turning over the re
maining coal in case it again becomes heated.
Umatilla Arrives Late.
The- steamship Umatilla passed Point Reyes
at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon and did not
reach her wharf until long after dark. She
usually gets in .-»t .daylight, but was seven
hours late In leaving Victoria and bucked head
winds the greater part of the way down the
coast. <%y.
Barrel Was Not Empty.
John Platt of 722 Hampshire street used a
lighted torch yesterday to find out how much
gasoline remained In a barrel at his place of
employment, 1106 Battery street. In the ex
plosion which followed his left leg was broken
and his right leg badly contused. His Injuries
were treated at the Harbor Hospital by Dr.
Millar. .,:
Brinsr Tjaraest Cnrjro.
The Pacific Mail Company's big freighter Al
goa is expected on Saturday from the Orient
with 15.000 tons of freight, the largest cargo
ever brought to this port by one vessel.
NEWS . OF T*IE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Mon
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned Jo the port of destination add
the principal British Columbian ports, valued
at $13,f«90, and including the following:
212 cs eggs. 622 pkgs fresh fruits, 5 pkgs
•nlons, 20Cti lbs coffee. 14,375 lbs dried fruit,
THE STEAM SCHOONER CO
QUILLE RIVER, DELAYED
FORTY HOURS BY GALES.
oW) lbs raisins, 1MS7 lbs beans. 111 cs canned
Roods, 1100 lbs su^ar. lili! R>3 liam. 00 pkss
iresh vegetables, Z cs honey, 490 lbs '1 «-s
cheefte, .'5-'j:j7 lbs iicas. ;>!4 lbs leaf tobacco. 84
pkss groceries and provisions. "S Kals G c*
wine. 2<>04 lbs chocolate, 21 bxs paste. 1115
bales twine. :: cs hats, lit cs oils. -7 cs arms
ami ammunition, ;!<J pea iron. .'!04:> lbs sheet
lead, 3941 ft hardwood. 20<) tins matches.
Exports for Hawaii.
The • schooner Defender sailed yesterday for
Maliukona with an assorted merchandise cargo
consiRPcd to Honoipn. valued at $11,0-7, and
includinK the following:
200 bbls- flour, lt'U7 ctla barley. 25 cs salmon,
;:9,47'J lbs bran. 20,850 lbs tnlddlincs, 133 ctls
wheat. 6330 lbs bread. £5 ctls oats. 11U pkgs
Kroeeries and provisions. f>CO lbs. sugar, itMHH)
lbs rice, uuu lbs lard, 1U07 lbs beans, 10 crts
potatoes. ;M9 lbs cheese, 20 bxs paste, 500
posts, 600 bdls plilngles. 2ti5 cs coal oil. I«l
pks-s pipe and fittings. 20 cs gasoline. 17 coils
rop.-. 21 sks coal. 4 cs carbide. 11,930 gals dis
tillate, 28 pkes paper, 5 pkgs millwork. 24
pkgx macliinfry. 3 cs boots and shoes, f>00o
bricks, 28.5(10 lbs cement. 150 bbls lime, 35 pc»
steel, 27 sks coal.
3Iovcmcnt of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
I-^kme San Pedro |Frb. 17
Montara Seattle (Feb. 17
Del Xorte Crescent City |Feb. 17
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma |Feb. 17
Wyefleld Nar.almo |Feo. 17
City Panama. New York via Panama. |Feb. 17
Corona Humboldt |Feb. 17
Arctic Humboldt IFeb. 17
Centraiia San Pedro IKeb. 17
Coos Bay San Pedro A'TVay Pts.lFeb. IS
S. Monica San Pedro |Feb. IS
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Feb. 18
Santa Rosa.. Pan Diego & Pts. Feb. 18
North Fork.. Humboldt Feb. IS
Kan Mateo Tacoma Feb. 19
G. V.*. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 1»
San Pedro... Grays Harbor Feb. 20 .
Tellus Oyst<=r Harbor Feb. 2i>
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 2<»
Eureka Humboldt |Feb. 21
Queen 1'uget Sound Ports. ... Feb. 21
Algoa Hongkong v. Yokohama Feb. 21
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 21
G. Llndauer. . Portland Feb. 21
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 2i
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jFeb. 21
Clavering . Hongkng v. VanzanilIo|Feb. 22
Anubis y~ Hamburg 1 & Way PortsJKeb. 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. Ti
Santa Cruz.. . Nejvport & Way Ports. Feb. 22
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 22
Porno. Point Arena & Albion. .|Feb. 2:j
Sequoia Grays Harbor IFeb. 2.1
Ccronado Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Acapulco Nhw York via Panama. Feb. 24
Memphis Seattle Feb. 24
Oregon Portland & Astoria Feb. 24
Doric China & Japan Feb. 26
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports IFeb. 2«
Curacao Mexican Ports..... |Feb. 27
TCTSAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. I Ealls.l Pier.
February 17. I
Chieo.. Coquille River 6 pmlPier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pra Pier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
Oregon Astoria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centraiia... Grays Hartwr 4 pm Pier 10
Empire Coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
S.Cruz Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
February 18.
Czarjna Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt fi am Pier 13
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. f> am Pier 11
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
February 19.
Nevadan Hono. &' Kahului. 3 pm Pier 25
Rainier...*. Seattle & Whatcm 4 pm Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt- 1 :30 p Pier 0
February 20. I
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda Honolulu II am Pier 7
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. It am Pier »
Arctic f. Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
February 21. I
Coos Bay... Pan Pedro & Way. !> nmlPIer 11
North Fork. Humboldt I 5 pmlPler 20
S. Rosa 1 San Diego & Way. I 9 amlPier II
February 22. I I
Pomona | Humboldt lt:30p!Pier 0
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amlPter 24
Alliance Eureka & Coo« B.[ Pier 16
I February 25.
G. Tvlndauer. Portland t Pier —
Queen. Puget Sound Ports. Ill am I Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 110 amlPier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt 110 amlPier 2
i February 26. I |
China & Japan....) 1 pmiPier 40
(»rays Harbor I 4 ptniPlcr 10
Grays Harbor .! 4 pmlPicr 10
February 27. I 1
«^n> rmimuti N'. Y. via Panama. 112 mlPier 40
Memphis.... Hamburg & Way.l 2 pm|Pier 19
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Valencia..... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 13
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 1 ft
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward Feb. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 22
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 23
Dirlgo. .... ... Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 28
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ' Coast and . Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Ix>w Waters
at Fort Point, entranc« to San Francisco
Bay. . Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wh^rf) about 25
minutes later than at Kort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 17.
Bun rises 6:57
Sun sets T>:l0
Moon get? 7:07 p. m.
O iTime! • Timel ITimel Prime
£ 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
» fH W] L W| !H W| JL, W
17 I 0:451 4>! r.:*fi sisTl :K? 5.0 0:12 O3
IS 1:08 4.S fi:2:t 2.212:30 4.7 «:4G 0.7
1!> 1:30 4.!) 7:0.'> 2.0 1:10 4.5 7:18 l.l
•_'rt 1 :. r .(ii .VO! 7:."1 1.8 1 :.V! 4.3 7:3" 1.5
21 2:24 B.0| S:.'tS 1.S 2:46J 4.1 8:32 1.9
•22 ;{:00| 5.1 1 »:XJ 1.4 3:ftO| :!.O 9:21 2.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninff tides are given in the left
hand column and tlie successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are hut three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The hetghta Riven are In
adilition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
slxn prececkB the height, and then th<* number
jriven is subtracted from the <lepth given by
the charts. The c'ane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch ilydiriKraphle Ofnce. V. F. X., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
February 16. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bulldins: was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. In charge.
Shipping" Intelligence.
VRRIVED
Tuesday. Februarj' 16-
Stmr Porno. Ahlin, 16- hours from Albion,
via Point Arena.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 11G hours from Bel
linrham Bay.
Stmr Greenwood, Thompson, 16 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Chico. Martin. 3Vi days from Bandon.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 5 days 17 hours
from Tacoma.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 5 day* 21 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Coquille River, Sanford, 73 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 29 hours from Eu
reka.
_jjtmr Eureka, Jeesen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Wellington, McKellar, 5 days 19
hours from Ladysmith.
Stmr Maggie Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Umatilla, Patterson, 64 hours from
Victoria, etc.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels, 101 hours from
Portland.
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 100 hours from Se
attle.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, 15 days from
HIlo.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, 22^3 days from
Mnkawcli.
Schr Aloha, Fry. 18 days from Honolulu.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED.
s Tuesday. February 16.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka, P. C. S. S.
Co.
Stmr Oregon, Doran. Portland, O. R. & N.
Stmr Defender, Hellingsen, Mahukona.
Illnd, Rolph & Co.
Fr bark Jeanne Cordonnler, Porchcr, Ho
bartown, E. C. Evans.-
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 16.
Stmr -Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, Eureka.
Ger ship Lika. Jansen, Port Townsend.
St:nr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, Greenwood.
Stmr National City. Hammer, Fort Bragg.
Schr John A. Campbell. Lass, Everett.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. Kureka.
Stmr Asuncion. Brldgett, Redondo.
Stmr Leelanaw,' Monroe, Tacoma.
Rark Mary L. Cushing, Batch, Guam.
Schr Onward, Thomas. Coquille River.
Schr Orient, Sanders, Port Angelea.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen. Mahukona.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 16. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wird NW. ; velocity of 20 miles per
hour.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Rainier — Feb 12, 12 m — 30 miles
W of Grays Harbor, Fr bark Armer, from
Nantes, for Columbia River, with main royal
blown away.
Per stmr Mackinaw— Feb 13 — 30 miles N of
Columbia River, four-masted schr K R V L.
Andy Mahoney since arrived at Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELBY— Sailed Feb 15— Br ship
Crown of Denmark, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 16— Schr
Carrier Dove, from Shanghai. Inward Br
ship Netherby, from Honolulu.
Arrived Feb 16 — Schr Philippine, hence Feb
7; bktn John C. Meyer, from San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 16 — Schr Marlon, hence Feb 3
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 16— Bktn J. L. EvI
iston. from San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 10— Stmr San Mateo, for San
Francisco.
BELL1NGHAM— Sailed Feb 16— Ship Spar
tan, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 14— Schr Jennie
Wand, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 16 — Stmr Aurelia,
hence Feb 13.
Arrived Feb 16 — Fr bark Armen, from Ant
werp; Fr ship Verclngetorix, hence Feb 6.
TATOOSH— Passed in Feb 16— Br ship Eden
more, hence Feb 7. for Port Townsend.
CLALLAM — Anchored In bay Feb 16 — Br
ship Khyber. from Victoria; Br ship Pass of
Brander. from Tacoma.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 16— Br ship Neth
erby, from Honolulu. '
Sailed Feb 16 — Stmr Francis H. Leggett.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Santa Ana,
for Valdez; stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.'
- FORT - BRAGG— Arrived Feb 16 — Stmr
Brunswick, hence Feb 14.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Corona,
hence Feb 13; stmr Arctic, hence Feb 13; stmr
Eureka, hence Feb 13; stmr North Fork, hence
Feb 13.
Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Marshfleld, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 16— Sehrs Mabel Gray and
\Bertha Dolbeer, from San Pedro; schr Azalea,
from San Diego; stmr Noyo. hence Feb 15.
Sailed Feb 16 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 1G— Stmrs
SEAS DRIVE
SHIP ON ROCKS
Three-Masted Schooner Emma
Utter Meets With Disaster
While in Barclay Sound
INDIANS SAVE A SAILOR
Lmnber-Ladeiu Craft on a
Voyage to San Francisco,
and Is a Total Wreck
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 16. — Two In
dians rescued Seaman Henry Byndall
this afternoon from the wreck of the
three-masted schooner Emma Utter
as she drove on the rocks at Leonard
Island, Barclay Sound, and began to
go to pieces under heavy seas.
The Utter left Grays Harbor Febru
ary 7 for San Francisco with 360,000
feet of lumber. The tug cast loose too
soon and the Utter struck the Aber
deen bar heavily, causing a serious
leafc. By the 10th instant she was
waterlogged and unmanageable. Cap
tain Hansen and five of the crew
abandoned the schooner on the 11th,
Byndall refusing to go with them.
Since then gales dismasted and dis
mantled her. ' She drifted helplessly
along the coast until a southwest gale
drove her among the reefs of .Barclay
entrance. Ocean tugs at Cape Flat
tery saw her and went to the rescue,
but the Indians grot there first in a
canoe. Byndall suffered severely from
exposure, hunger and thirst. He was
taken to Clayoquot and cared for by
the lighthouse-keeper. No word ha3
been received of the fate of Captain
Hansen and his men who left the
schooner * on the 11th inst. Heavy
weather has prevailed off the straits
for ten days past.
SCHOOXKR GEM GOES
ASHORE AXD IS WRECKED
Vessel Bound for Tillamook From
San Francisco Strikes Rocks
on Oregon Coast.
TILLAMOOK, Or.. Feb. 16. — Xew3
has reached here that the schooner
Gem, which left San Francisco Feb
ruary S for this place, has gone ashore
on Xehalem Beach. A tug which was
sent to pull her off was unable to dis
lodge her and she will become a total
wreck.
The schooner Gem is a coaster
drawing about seventy feet and is 106
feet long. She has a capacity for
200,000 feet of lumber. She was built
in 1SS5 and is owned at San Fran
cisco.
BARK V1VAX SIGHTED.
Vessel Was 124 Days Out From Eu-
reka When Seen Becalmed.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 16. — Captain
Massay of the British steamer Ora
via, from Valparaiso, which arrived
to-day, reports that on Februarj* 2
the Norwegian bark Vivax, Captain
Hauger, 124 days out from Eureka.
Cal., bound for Quccnstown, was
sighted. The vessel was short of pro
visions and becalmed on the equator
in longitude 31 west. The Oravia
stopped and sent boatload of sup
plies to the Vlvax.
Seeking Runaway Husband.
Chief of Police Wittman has been
asked to try and locate Sidney George
Reilly, who disappeared from Port
Arthur last November and is supposed
to be in this city with Mrs. F. W.
Dawson of Shanghai. Reilly was
managing director of the East Asiatic
Company and left Port Arthur No
vember 14 for Japan. His wife reach
ed Port Arthur shortly after his de
parture and has ever since been seek
ing her husband, whom she has
traced, she thinks, to this city.
Edelman Files \cw Contest.
Charles Edelman. husband of the
late Hannah Edelman, i filed a second
contest of his wife's will yesterday,
claiming that it was executed at a
time when she was of unsound mind
and unduly influenced by her daugh
ter, Mrs. Minnie "Whitmofe.
Injured in Elevator.
A. B. Powell, who lives at US Eddy street,
was treated yrsteiday at the Harbor Hospital
for a broken collar-bone. The injury was sus
tained in the elevator of the Gibraltar ware
house. Sansomo and Filbert streets.
Chehalis. Coronado and Grace Dollar, hence
Feb 13; schr Lizzie Vance, hence Feb 3
VALDKS— Sailed Feb IB— Stmr James Dol
lar, for Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Feb 16— Ship Wil
liam H. Macy. for Ladysmith.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Feb lfi— Stmrs Che
halis and Coronado, hence Feb 13.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 13 — Schr Alice
CooUe, for Townsend; schr Mary E. Foster
for Port Blakeley.
Arrived Frb 1«— Stmr Sierra, from Sydney
Br Rtnir, Miowera, from Sydney.
Arrived Feb 10— Ital war stmr Puglia, hence
Feb 7.
HILO— Sailed Feb 12— Bark Martha Davis
for Sar. Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Jan 31«-Schr H C
Wright, hence Jan 10.
KAANAPAL1— Arrived Jan 24— Bark Olym
pic, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 16 — Stmr Segur*
anca. ■ from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
WALLAROO — Arrived Jan 31— Br shin Cel
tic Queen, from Acapulco.
CALLAO — Arrived D/c 30— Swed snip Thes
salus, from Tacoma. Jan 31 — Br ship Ctalc
more, from Townsend.
SUEZ— Sailed Feb 15— Br stmr Shimosa for
Manila.
JUN1N— Sailed Jan 30— Br ship Garnet Hill
for Delaware Breakwater.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Jan 28— Ger stmr
Abydon. for Hamburg. tmr
CORONF.L— Sailed Jan 26— Ger stmr Nau
plia. for San Francisco. Feb 1 — Br stmr Tv
mer'c, for New York. *
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Jan 20— Br «hin
Osborne. for Sydney. ' . r Bnlp
MOLLENDO — Arrived Jan 12 Br Bhin
Crown of England, from Port Hadlock
LIVERPOOL— In port Feb 3— « r ship Dum
friesshire, from Oregon.
KOBE— Ready for sea Feb 13— Shin Kenll
worth. for HIlo. P *.enil-
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 13— Br ship Dur
bridge. for San Francisco. In port Feb °
Br ship Robert Duncan, for Port Los An
gele».
CHEFU— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Pleiades
from Port Arthur. ■eiaaes.
DOVER— Passed Feb 14— Fr ship Ernest
Reyer. hence Nov 1. for Hull. P ** rnest
STANLEY. F. I. — In port Jan 5 — Ger «hlr»
Emille. for Port Los Angeles. p
MOJI— In port Jan 30— Br atmr Sagaml for
New York. • . ; *
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Feb 16— Stmr So
noma, hence Jan 21.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 16— Ger stmr Ram
ses, hence Nov 8.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 14— Br stmr In
dravelll. for Oregon. ln
NANAlMO— Arrived Feb 16— Nor «tmr Tl
tanla, hence Feb 12. • r V
OCEAN STEAMERS. 1
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb IB— Stinr Kroon
land. from Antwerp.
Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Statendam, from Rot
terdam and Boulogne.
. CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr United
States, from New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Kai
ser-Wilhelm der Grosse. from New York via
Plymouth, for Bremen, and proceeded
SYDNEY — Arrived prior Feb 1<^-Strar So
noma. San Francisco, via Honolulu.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Ramses,
from San Francisco, via Montevideo, for Ham
burg. ,'
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feh 14— Stmr Indra
velll. from Hongkong, for Portland.
OUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded
COMMERCIAL NEWS
i
;
i
I
,
;
j
I
!
j
1
I
i
,
;
I
!
I
I
I
1
Contlnned From Page Fifteen.
BANK STOCKS.
._ ,.». ph 125 I, P ft A.m — iJx
Sl Safe Dp! - WT^i S F Xationl. - ■ -•;
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANK9.
Ger S & I>. - =300 Sav & I. |«. - 100
Hum S & L. — — ***. S*Z. 2*" Z —
Mutual Sav.lOO — Cnion T Co. —
S F Sav U. — 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California. ..197^205 (Piesidio .... 33^4 «
Geary — s<> '
POWDER.
Giant 61 61'il Msorlt 3H —
SL'GAR.
Kana P Co. — 40c Kilauea S C. — 8
Hawaiian C. 44%'43 Makaweli C W*5 —
llonnkaa S C 11 — Oroinea S C 2., 2a
KpC -H SU Paauhau S C 101, H^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P AJ38 133 I Oceanic 3-C. *Y» 5
Cal F C A. »« 97Yj Pac Aux FA. S 8
<"il Wine A. 5>t:U 94 Pao C Eorx.167 —
JIV& MtTm.lC0 —
Jlornlng Session.
Board —
25 Giant Powder Con, b 5 61 SO
6<> PBauhau S P Co 10 «*•*>
100 S F Gas & F.lectric. b 10 M 0<>
35 S F Gaa & Electric 3H no
80 Spring Valley Water Co S8 25
I9.C00 Spring Val 4a (2d mUe) 100 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Giant Powder Con. b 8 «1 5 ft
10 Spring Valley Watar Co 3* I'-1 *
35 Spring Valley Water Co 38 CO
$2 0CO Bay Counties Power Co 3»....1(VJ SO
$2 00O Lo» Angeles Ry 5 per cent...113 !">
S3 000 S F & S J V 5 per cent....US 25
Street—
Spring Val U (2d mtge) 100 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 95 100 Sun Tel 61..112 114ft
R L Wat *>s. — 120 Do 5s 102H —
SF DTdk Bs. — 113H Suttr-st RSs.105 in
SF & NP 5s.H0*; — UP. of SF 4s 70^ 80
S P Co 4'is. 98 90
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co — 22 Mils Nat Bk.300 —
Cal Coi Milla — 95 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N S R R 11 —
C Jockey Cl. K> 120 I N C P Co.. 9 9"4
Cal Powder. 125 — I Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 — Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I & T. — 160 IOOF Hall A 5»i V-
Cen Bk Oak 61 — Orpheum Co. — 1**4
Chutes Co... — 8 Pac S T«l.. — 102
Oty & C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint. SO —
East Dynm.l8f> — S F Drydock 60 —
FN Bk Oak.120 — SF&SJ Coal. 17 23
Fischer Tht^ — 2'.4 S J Wat Co. — 1"«
Frnch-A Blc.lOO 105 SO & MT>rbt — 165
Gas Con A., mi 21 Swiss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co.. 8% — Truck Eleo. — IS
Lon& SF Bk. — B« UR InC pfd 45^ —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com .. 10^a —
California Stock Si Oil Exchange.
Stcck— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Cert 19 2O
California Standard 10
«"aribou 30O
t'entral Point Con ....... BO ....
Chicago Crud» 1H
Claremont SO ....
Fulton 4 DO
Home 1 ,"o
Imperial 17 00
Independence 14 ....
Junction 15 1<5
Kern 4 25 ....
Monarch <of Arlrona) 30 41
Monte Cristo »7»J 8O
Occidental cf W Va It ....
Oil City Petroleum ?,2
Peerless IS .'><> ....
San Joacjuin O. & D 2 rto ....
Senator W> ....
■Sovereign 44 45
Sterling » ."•'►
Superior : 05 OH
Thirty-Three f> no 6 .V>
Twenty-Eight 4 2<» ....
Miscellaenous —
Abby Land & Improvement. 1 30 1 M
Fischer's Theater 1 5t»
Northern Cat Power U "7'^ 10 ry>
North Shorj Railroad 1» SO
Paraf fine Paint SoOO
Morning Session.
Street —
155O Junction 15
Board —
lftO Associated 2o
400 Sovereign 44
ICO Illinois Crude | la
inn function ' 15
5<> Sovereign 42 '
Afterncon Session.
Board —
10 Kern Oil 4 r.n
10O Kern Oil 47.-,
600 Monte Crlato 771^
Mining Stocks.
SAN_ FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning "Session.
Andes 57; 100 Occidental ... !>f>
?.00 Challenge Con 2* KO Overman 27
200 Challenge Con 25 1C0 Ophir S R2i'j
10O Chollar 20 SCO Ophlr 5 ."ii»
500 Con C A Va.l 85 lf.«> Potosl IS
100 Con C & Vi.l 90' 20O Savage 4!»
BOO Gould & Cur. 4S' 5TO Sierra Nev .. 1:7
r.0O Mexican 2 5O: W> I'nion Con .. J»7
S0O Mexican 2 Kil 2f*> I"tah °t
20<> Mexican 2 «0; 100 Utah 23
Afternoon Session.
1100 Andes 50' 10O ophir 5 .*0
200 Caledonia ... 92| 10O Overman .... 27
200 Challenge Con 2^1 flCO Overman .... 2«
<0O Chollar 22' 4«*> Savage 47
"no Chollar 21] 5<*>o Scorpion .... Kl
2fM> Con C & Va.l 731 2CA ge S Belcher.. '
200 Crown Point. 22 f>0O Sierra Nev .. «5
1-.00 Gould & Cur. 441 2CO*S!erra Nev .. F.%
800 Hale & Norc. ft* SCO TTnlon Con .. f>»
200 Mexican 2 45 I OO Union Con .. 9<«
300 Mexican 2 40] 100 Utah 24
200 Ophlr 5 3"'il
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tho PaciP.3
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornins: Session.
500 Andes 55! MO Mexican 2 40
200 Andes r.I> r 250 Ophlr 5 7.'.
200 Andes 53 lfCiO Ophir B K2'i
501 Andea Ml 150 Ophir 5 M>
10«» Andes fC: 50 Ophlr 5 37' 3
10O Belcher 32 40O Overman "S
200 Caledonia ... 9t| 20O Savago .V>
100 Challenge Con 2I| "CO Savage 4S
100 Challenge Con 23 20O Sierra Nev .. 72
500 Chollar 131 20O Sierra Nev .. «7
200 Challar 21 20O Sierra Nev .. cn
400 Con C & Va. 1 05 «H> Siorra Nev .. •;.*•
1 OO Gould & Cur. 40 ]ftO silver Hill .. <■"<»
80O Gould & Cur. 4S 40rt X'nion Con ..t «S
400 Gould fc Cur. 45 lf»0 Vnlon Con..l 02'j
300 Mexican 2 fiO 300 Union Con ..1 OO
1IX) Mexican ...2 47*-i 100 Union Con .. »•>
2W Mexican 2 4." 100 Yellow Jacket 47
600 Mexican . 2 ."0: 500 Yellow Jacket 4*
100 Mexican 2 331
Afternoon Session.
10O Andes 5r 2T.O Mexican .....2 45
2fM> Andes 47 100 Mexican 2 4O
100 Caledonia ... 0." 1ftf> Ophlr R 9(1
SCO Chollar « .. 2i ISO Orhir 5 12' 1
."CO Chollar 21 ?in rivrrman 27
2PO Chollar 2C H»> Savage 4"i
1<V> Con C & V.t S2'4 IPO Savage is
300 Crown Point. 21 100 Sierra Nev .. «>
200 Gould 4k Cur. 45 100 Union Con ..1 Po
40O Hale & Norc. n«J r,0O Union Con .. On
.".OO Hale & Norc.l 0T.I 10O Yellow Jacket Hi
4C0 Hal« & Norc.l 00'
TONOFAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wejfe the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. •
flOO Mont Ton..1 37'4! 1000 Ton Midway. 41
500 Rescue 071
Afternoon Session.
20O Brunswick .. 06 30O Reecue .»%
30O Brunswick .. 07 111 Rescue 0T
100 Evelyn 27 100 Ton Relrnont. *n
40O MacNamara . 18 200 Ton Belmont. 53
100 Mont Ton..l 37'/i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 1&—« p. ra.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Cfi "^ Justice n« rs
Xita Kt os Kentuck 03 o»
Ande <*, W)'Keye3 Graes.. — 1 7r.
Belcher 1?- —ll-ady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch.2 OO —! Mexican 2 30 2 ."..".
Bullion 1O 111 Occidental ... 9O D5
Caledonia ... «7 C9 Ophlr 5 25 5 071.
Challenge Con 22 24 Overman 28 2T»
Chollar 21 22 Potosi in is
Confidence ...1 f-5 1 15 Savage ; 4« 4«i
Con C & Va.l 75 1 SO Scorpion 02 re.
Con Imperial. "2 03 Se B Belcher., hh 0%
Con NY 04 05 Sierra Nev .. «r> «•>
Crown Point. 21 2T. Silver Hill .. 67 tw
East Sierra N — "5; St t.ouis .... — in
Eureka Con.. — 601 Syndicate ... n« 0.1
Exchequer ... 15 ltv Union Con .. !>.'. r*;
Gould & Cur. 4;: 44|Utah 23 j»
Hale & Norc. 07 1 05, Yellow Jacket 45 4B
Julia KZ 051
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bw lsk
Colchan — 1* Ray & OBrien f—" i(>
Esperanza ... — 01 Rescue ©7 fq
Gipsy Queen.. — 30 Ton Belmont. 58 k-
Gold Anchor. 15 25 Ton Sr. Cal... o^
Gold M Con. — OS Ton Fraction. — 45
Hannapah ... — 1» Ton of Nev\5 87»i 8 So
Hannapah Mu — 25-Ton N" Star.. S5 -r,
MacNamara . 16 20 Ton Midway. 41 4"
Mizpah Exten 10 — Ton & S Lake 15 _
Mont Ton ..1 35 1 40 Ton Superior. t-»
NY Ton... — «:|i;nlted Ton .. — 12
Paymaster ... 00 121 West End ... H -_
Ray Extcn .. — WCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and featureless.
AVtc York Stocks dull, 'dlh Cotton lower.
Arrival of 2.100,000 ra Japanese yen.
Exchange rates unchanged. Silver y' 2 c higher.
Wheat Freights still low, with tonnage plentiful.
Wheat and Barley Futures quieter and lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye steadily held and unchanged.
Continued firmness in Hay, Bran and Middlings.
Beans and Seeds inactive at prez'ious quotations.
Nutter, Cheese and Eggs in liberal supply and weak.
Dried Fruits less active than last week.
Lard \/ A c higher. Barreled Beef and Pork lower.
Hops and Wool quiet at previous prices.
Beef steady, Mutton easy and small Veal zvcak.
Hogs advanced under lighter supplies and a good demand.
Salt market slowly getting settled again.
Hides and Leather steady at unchanged prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in ample supply.
Poultry firm \tnder moderate supplies.
Garr.e Wardens confiscate contraband Ducks.
Rather more tone to the Orange market.
Retail Meat Prices.
The followlr* retail prices for meat* are
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation :
BEEF— Prime Roa*t. 15ifflSc; Porterhouse
Steak. lsg22Hc; Tenderloin Steak. 15518c;
tinoin Steak. UH©l5c; Top Round Steak.
1-Hc; Ueef Stew, itjc; Corn Beef S&lOc; Soup
Bones. 4c; Boup Meat, fig 10c.
VEAL — Loin Roast. 15&20c; Shoulder Roast.
1-4© 15c; Chops and Cutlets 15320c; Stew,
12»-<§15c.
.MUTTON— Leg, 15c; Forequarter, 12%c:
Sttw. sjfioc; Prime Chop*. 15i&2Oc.
UMB-L<t, 20c; Forequarter. 12%@15c;
Htndquarter. lS^20c; Shoulder Roast. 124c;
Chops. 20c.
POHK— Roast, 12Vi£lSc; Chop*, 15£lSc.
These price* <Jo not cover the cheaper grades,
a*- it is impossible to quote regular prices on
•them.
The Weather and Crops.
. ' The weekly report of A. G. McAflie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Cool weather prevailed during the first of
the wwrk, with heavy from in many places.
. 'ibe latter j>«»rt of the wnk was warmer and
• fc'tneraily cloudy, with heavy rain in the cen
tral ana northern fectlons and light rain in
the south. The precipitation In the coast and
Lay sections and i>ortlona of Northern Cali
lurnia was the heaviest of the »ea»on, rangir.s
!ivm two to nine <.:.■ :..* for the storm of the
11th and :;.:;. Heavy snow :d in the
mountain districts. Rivrrs and creeks were
running bank tull. bridges and railroad track*
T*tr«» washtrd out and overland tratfic was
blockaded by the heavy enuw in the mountains.
There are no reports of damage to fanning
lands or .Tops by the heavy rain, but farming
ci^rations were suspended and in some places
cannot be resumed lor several days. Although
tfat precipitation in the south«-rn districts was
comparatively light, its coming immediately
aftt-r ;ht rain ot the preceding week was very
bt-npficiai and farmers have become more
hopeful. Karly eown grain and grass have
made a good start end are growing rapidly,
tmncg and 5«-»*dlnB are in progress in ell the
couthern district*. In the ceatral aaii northtrn
ttctione grain continues In excellent condition
. an*i ,_.:.....,. i v making «rool xtvirtb; green
:e*d Is ,-h r.tiru: in most places end ca.ltle are
do.ng well. Tbe gruin acreage is reported
,
Orchards ar.d vineyards are In good condi
tion and pruning is nearly completed In pome
eectione. The cold weather has been beneScial
to de-.-iducus fruits in checking the too early
development of blocm, and prospects are good
*for large crops. Cltrcis fruits llave not Lt*n
fL-rioutiy daxaaged by frost.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Cool v.»*ith<-r continued during the firet of
th«- wrrek. lollowed by cloudy, warmer weather
tn<J rain. The precipitation was the heaviest
> of the Beason in the central and northern sec
tions, amounting to 5.11 inches in Oakland
' "and vicinity, S».l<> at Ean Harael. 3.00 at L»an
\ ilk-. 4.10 at V*oavi:ie, U.<O. at Healdsburg and
2.7> in San Francisco. The rain extended to
the southern districts, and. though much
lighter than »bove noted, wu very beneficial
to irraSn and paeturaee. and ir followed by th
urual spring ruins there will probably be fair
crops or grain and hay. Karly sown grain and
i-- ■■■•- *rc making rajild grewth and orchards
are in excellent tcndition. Tbe h^avy rainfall
in the northern districts flooded railroad tracks
tn.l cauwd a RUFjK-iifcion ot farm work. Rain
' commenced ecain on Sunday and is still
falling.
SACRAMENTO VALLET.
Cool, cloudy weather prevailed mott of the
%1-e^k. becoming somewhat warra»-r at the close.
Heavy rain fell on the 11th and 12th, varying
:.'■.:. two to four inches, with heavy sr.ow in
the mountains. Rain ccmaieaced falling again
Sunday *nd continued until to-day. No dam
kge hiu* resulted Jrom the heavy rainfall except
in retarding farm work, but the heavy fall of
'<.:■;■ enow in the mountains caused great
carnage to railroad property and blockaded
traffic for some time. Gram and pasturage
were benefited by the rain. The grain acreago
this *ea«on will be large, and prospects are
pood for neavy crops. Orchards and vineyards
are in excellent condition and pruning is nearly
completed. The cool weather has prevented
the too early blocming of deciduous fruits.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Clear and cool vreaXher prevailed during the
fore part of tbe wwk and cloudy, warm weath
er with showers during the latter. The rain
wax fairly heavy in the north portion and
hills with heavy enow in the Sierras, but in
the central and southern portions it was light.
It was very beneficial in all Factions and has
gr*At!v encouraped the farmers and orchard
i»t». The warm weather and rains have started
the erain and grass, and u-ith ordinary condi
tion* creea feed will soon be good. In the
northern portion summer-fallowed grain is
thrifty and looks fiae. and late sown grain is
c-zrAng up and is a. good stand. Pruning aad
Waning orchards and vineyards continue.
I>'tcJj*-» are l*>:ng cleaned and pomplng plants
put la condition. Young alfalfa is making
good jrrowth-
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
• The veathf-r was slightly warmer than dur
ing the preceding week, with considerable
cloudiress and light rain. At Santa. Maria the
mintall on the 12th and 13th was .75 of an
Jnch. but it was much lighter in Los Angeles
and "vicinity, and in »ome sections there was
non* Tbe rain of the preceding week was
vrry beneficial to erain. irrars and orchard*.
*ut more i* need#d Boon to insure crops. In
•ome actions tbe early sown grain 1* «p and
maki~E fair growth and pasturage has made a
pood etart. Plowing and «e*-d!ng are in
progreee and some farmer? will sow the usual
Ic^agr in praln. Orchards and vineyards are
generally in pood condition.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
Grain and grass are beginning to sprout.
Vain at this time would do much good— eoften-
Srtbe top crust and helping young growth to
"me through. Green feed is starting in Xhe
•mountain sections and will Boon be good.
Weather Report.
M2f«h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FIIANCISCO, Feb. 16—5 p. m.
The followlnff are lbe seasonal rainfalls to
dste as compared with those of the same date
• laVt iasor and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours: - __^
Laft This Last
pjo»i 0 ng 24 Hours. Season. Season.
T.urVka «.C5 33.02 40.70
rwi vivtt «.ih i««7 it^x
haoramento 0.72 9.03 11.24
lu Francisco... 0M H-24 11. J»
V'^eno O.74 2.4< 5.. 2
Independence ... O.K2 J -2« l.W
S L. OblEpo.... 2.05 «.42 lUm
Uoa Anp.!.- O.7* 2.40 8.M
Pan Diego 0-8 »- M 905
THE COAST RECORD.
a g ' B i 5 5";
*= ts» ijr o; n
I i'l i\ \l il I
STATION. f" •
.- S S : 7 o
• e c : • a
rarallon ».»4 54 ftl NW Clear .70
Baker 'J9.S4 28 S2 NW Pt.Cldy .20
Carson 23.70 46 4« NB Clear .M
Eureka 30.00 50 44 NW Clear. .C«
Fresno ....'. .23. »* 00 48 NW Clear .74
Flagstaff 23.72 54 C4 W 6now '.10
PocaIcUo 'Si. CO 44 40 SW Cloudy .«0
Point U<>yes..29.S7 53 40 NW Clear .77
Independence .W.M 60 40 NW Clear .t>2
Los Ar.geles..29.9<> M 62 E Rain .78
Mt Tamaipais.1^.83 44 37 NW Clear JBS
North Head. ..2S. 98 44 38 S\V . Cloudy .40
Portland 2».88 4<J 40 SW Cloudy .Id
Red Bluff 29. »« 58 48 N Clear .IS
Rcseburg 29. 9S 48 38 W Cloudy .u0
Sacramento ..29.W 56 50 N Clear .72
Salt Lake 29. OS 52 48 W Snow .26
San Francisco.29.9'1 04 48 W Clear .37
S L. Obiepo.. 29.92 56 50 W Pt.Cldy2.O5
San Diego 29. MS 5« 54 S Rain .28
Seattle 2».*>4 46 34 S Clear .12
Sf-okane 23.80 38 3O W Pt.Cldy .05
Tatoosh 20. 7C 44 34 SW Cloudy .0<3
Walla. Walla. 29. 8tf 46 34 SW Clear .38
Winnemucca .29.74* 42 42 W Clear .06
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising rapidly over the Pa
cific Slore and conditions favor clearing
weather generally In California.
The storm has moved steadily eastward and
is now crossing the Rocky , Mountains. The
rain area has extended well to the south and
generous rains are reported in Southern Cali
fornia. In all probability heavy snow will fall
by Wednesday morning In the Southern ranges.
Wai-nines of a rapid rise in the upper Sac
ramento and in the Feather, Yuba and Ameri
can rivers have been issued. The crest of the
rise is now passing Tehaxna. The following
rixer readings are reported: Red Bluff, 27.4,
falling; Tehama. 20.5, rising very slowly;
Marysville. is, rising; Sacramento, 23. rising.
Forecast made at Sin Francisco foi* thirty
hours, ending midnight, February 17:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
cooler; brisk north winds.
Southern California — Clearing Wednesday;
light east winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Clearing ; colder Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day; brlFk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTEBX MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10. —Close: Money on
caJl was ea«- at 1%&2 per cent; offered. 1%
j*?r cent. . .
Time loans, steady; sixty and ninety days,
4 per cent; »ix months, 4ViCT4% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4r«VJ'« per cent.
Sterling exchange was - steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.S55uS4.8555
for demand and at f4.fc2jO@4.S26O for sixty
day bills.
Posted rates, $4 83%g4 84 and $4 86%.
Commercial bills. $4 82%. t
Bar silver, 50 %c.
Mexican dollars. 46 cents.
Bonds — Government, ftendy; railroads
steady.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1G.— The amount of busi
i\pfz done in stocks to-day was slightly larger
than yesterday, but the character of the mar
ket was unchanged. All of the increase In
business was done in the first hour of the
market, the tales in that time reaching- al
most na many .-hares as for the whole day.
This business was a buying movement largely
confined to the Nt-w York public utilities, and
which was without explanation in any new
1 development. It was regarded as an effort
of the party leaders to awaken the market
into some animation and to start prices mov
ing. One or two railroad stocks were included
In the movement. It failed entirely to attract
any following and was abandoned, prices be
ing allowed to drift slowly back to last nights
level, or below it. when the traders took their
profits. United States preferred was heavy at
all times, and this helped to discourage the
attempts to lift prices. The selling of that
stocks had no other explanation than the
supposition that a rpeculatlve line was being
disposed of. Amalgtmated Copper teemed
also to suffer from some speculative profit
taking, but hardened after the announcement
of the declaration of a dividend of 510 per
share in Calumet and Hecla, which is double
the rate declared in the corresponding period
of last year. Wall street has an abundance
of war news, but the extraordinary military
and naval activity indicated In these market.-
see-ms to have little effect on prices. The
declining tendency of railroad earnings is a
subject of much discussion. Gross earnings
for the first week in February show declines
on the average .ind complaints by railroad offi
cials cf a continued Ftorm blockade point to
the continuance of this tendency. The fact
that the decrease from last year's, level is
more than accounted for by the decline in
earnings cf the trunk lines and EaFtern rail
roads Is a point in corrobcratlon of the conten
tion that storm blockades are the explanation
rather than a falling off in available traffic.
But the fact that the ratio of declines in earn
ings has shown steady progress elnee it began
last summer makes the subject one for mls-
The bond market was dull but steady. Total
sales. $1,295,000. United States bonds were
unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock?— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atohison 14,200 CS C7% 67%
Atchison' pfd 1.100 8»% 89% «!♦%
Baltimore & Ohio. 6,500 78 77% 77%
Bait & Ohio pfd 87%
Canadian Pacific... 1.500 117% 117 117
Cen of New Jersey 155
Chesapeake & Ohio 32 U
Chicago & Alton... 400 37% 37»i 37U
Chi & Alton pfd... 000 82% 81% 82%
Chi Great Western. 700 15% 15% 15%
Chicago & N W 103%
Chi. Mil & St Paul 9,800 141% 140% 140%
C. M & St P pfd 170
Chi Term & Trans ( .... 9%
Chi T & T pfd.... 200 20 '20 19%
C C, C & St Louis 70%
Colorado Southern. 100 16% 16% 16Vi
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 53U 53% 53
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 23% 23% 23^
Delaware & Hudson 700 16O>4 ICO'.i 160
Del. Lack A Wwt 2C5
Denver & Rio G 20
Den & Rio G pfd 68
Erie 4,000 25% 23% 25%
Erie 1st pfd 1,400 64»4 63% C3%
Erie 2d pfd R00 42^4 4214 42Vi
Hocking Valley 100 .73% 73% 73
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 S2>4 82 82i4
Illinois Central 500 12SM 128 127%
Iowa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd 36
K C Southern 18%
K C Southern pfd.. 400 35 34% 34%
Louis St Nash c 3,300 105% 104 104%
Manhattan L 800 143% 142% 142%
Metropolitan Sees.. l.dPO" 89% 8.8% • 88%
Metropolitan St Ry 2.800 119% 118 118
Minn & St Louis '. ... 60
M, St P & S Ste M 1,500 C3% 62% 60
M. StP & SS M pfd 120
Missouri Pacific 3,000 5X1% 89% 89%
Mo Kans & Texas 100 16% 1C% 16%
M. K & T pfd 3GVi
Ntl R R Mex pfd.. 300 38 37% 37%
New York Central. 3,100 115% 114% 114%
Norfolk St Western. 200 58% 58 58
Nor & We*t pfd RS '
Northern Securities f«s%
Ontario & Western. »00 I 21% 21 20%
Pennsylvania 2,900 115% 114%. 114%
p, C. C A St Louis y. 60
Reading 700 42% 42% 42K
Reading 1 Ft pfd 100 79% 79% 79%
Heading 2d pfd .... Bo%
Rock Island Co... 2.700 23% 22% 22%
Rock Island Co pfd 200 C2 62 61
StL & KF 2d pfd.. 100 44 44 43%
Si Louis SW.. 100 14% 14% 14%
St Louis S W pfd.. 100 33% 33K 33%L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17. 1904.
I Southern Pariflc... 11.300 47V» 46% 46%
Sf.uthem Railway.. '100 20% 20\i 20%
Southern Ity pfd.. 500 Hi 81% 81%
1 Texas & Pacific ICO 23 23 23
T. St L i- W • 100 24% 21% 24
T, St L & W ptd .... 35
1 Union Panllc 7.SO0 78»4 77% 77%
: Union Pacific pfd... ? 89%
. Wabash ?.. 3tx> 1S% 18^ 18»4
i Webash pfd 1,100 36Vi 35^, 35%
! Wheeling & LE 15
; Wisconsin Central. 100 1S& 18% 18Vi
1 Wisconsin Cen pfd .... 42
ExpreES Companies —
! Adams 220
American 100
United States 1C5
Wells-Foigo .... 210
MisceHaneouF — ' . . '
Amalgam Copper.. 30,000 40^ 4SVi <8%
Am Car * Found. 400 19% Ui\i 1»%
Am l.'ar & F pM.. 100 C8V4 «SH 68
Amer Cotton Oil 21»V6
Am Cotton Oil pfd S*
American Ice 700 8% S 8
American Ice pfd.. 20,000 32 30% 31 V*
An Unseed Oil 9H
Am Linseed Oil pfd 27-1
Amer Locomotive.. 15.500 23% 22V t 22Ji :
Amer Loco pfd 500 80 70 7&%
Am Smelt & Ref . . 200 40 48»£ 47Vi I
Am S &• Ref pfd 90 &'
Amer Sugar B.200 12«% 125 125H :
Anaconda Min Co 64 i
Brkl>-n Rap Trans. 24.»OO 44% 43% 43% ;
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 32^4 32% 31
Consolidated Gas... 9,700 100U 104 VMM
Corn Products 10O 18V4 1S% 18V* I
Corn Prod ucls pfd.. .70
Distillers 1 Sees 200 24 24 23%
General Electric... 300 107 107 1U0
International Paper 11% :
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 C5 65 65 J
International Pump 83
Interntl Pump pfd 71H '
National Lead 15
North American... 200 S6 86 85',i
Pacific Mall 2i»0 28 28 28
People's Gas 1,000 1C0V4 09',, 8!>^
Pressed fiteel Car.. 20>i
Pl-?S5e? S Car pfd «*%
'Pullman Nalace Car ..... .... .... 200
Republic tV-el 7T4 '
Republic St\cl pfd. 200 44^4 44'4 44}j
Rubber Gooc\ 30<> 20% 19% 19Vi
Rubber Goodrf pfd 78
Tenn Coid & Iron.. 100 37 'i 37 31!%
U H Ltathor 1.100 7\4 "M 7
j U S leather pfd... 500 77 Vi 77 7<i%
■i IT S Realty 7%
; U S Realty pfd 200 f>4Vi 54Vi ?>*%
! U S nubbt-r 100 11% 11% 11%
I U S Rubber pfd 4S
| V 6 Steel 3.500 Uhi 11% "U
| U S Steel pfd 25.500 57% 57% 57vs
Westinghouse Elec ;... 160
I Western Union 87*4
Total sales 255,700 shares.
: UNITED R.MLROAOS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NETVV YOIIK. Feb. 10.— Hond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco — 10,000 at
$79 37}£.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, $3 75: asked, $4. Preferred —
Bid, $34 50; asked. $U5 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%L & N unified 4s. 98%
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s.lO3%
Do 3s reg 108 M*x Ocnt 4s... 65^
Do coupon 100 Do lot Inc 13>4
Do new 4s reg.lo-J^i Minn & St L 4s. 97 «4
Do coupon 132»4 M. K & Tex 4s. 97%
Do old 4s reg.107 Do 2ds 78
Do coupon..... 107 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s 99% N T C gen 3%s. 97»4
Do adj 4s C7 Sf J C gen 5s... 129
Atlantic C L 4s. 92% Xo' Pac 4s 103
Bal & Ohio 4s..l01\i Do 3s 70%
Do SHs 03H Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO5V ; > O£L 4s & partic. 91%
L>o 1st Inc 70 r-a conv 3%s... 05%
Ches & Ohio 4U.s.lu3Vi Heading gen 4s.. 9G>4
CTii & Alton 8VSs. 75% SL & I M con 5S.U2T4,
C E & Q new 4s 01% SI & S F fg 4s. SI K
CM & StPgn 4s.lOS^ St Louie SW lsts. !i3«i
C & NW con 7s.l29% Seaboard A L 4s. 67
C, R I & Pac 4s. (J9 So Pac 4s 88%
Do col 5s 81 Fo Ry 5s 111%
C.C.C & SL gn4s S7U Tex & Pac lsts.ll«»4
Chi li-rm 4s 77 Tol. S L & W 4s. 70
Cons Tobacco 4s. 50% Union Pac 4b 1<)2%
Cclo ft So 4s 85H Do conv 4s Wi
C F & I conv 5s. 72 U S Steel 2d 5s. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s. »7iJ Wabash lsts 11S<i
Erie jrior lien 4s 97 Do deb B 62»4
Dc gen 4s 85>4 W & L Erie 4s.. 901
F W & D C lsts.lO4H Vis Cent 4s.. :. 89%
Hocking Val 4>,i,s.lO3
Nnw YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief .... 07
AJice 23} Ontario 4 50
lireoce 10 Ophir 5 00
Brunn Con 05 1 Phoenix 08
Com -Tunnel . ... 06* Potosl 15
Con Cal & VI. 1 80 1 Savage 45
Horn Silver 1201 Sierra Nev «5
Iron Silver lOoiSmall Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con 02| Standard 2 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Mcney— IT S Steel lift
Call loans 4 @4'£ Do pfd 5"H
Time loan: 4%{/5% Westing Common. 79
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchlson 4s 97% Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 87 I Allouez 3%
Mex Cent 4s 04%|Amal Copper ... 48%
Railroads — | Amer Zinc 9
Atchison C7*s| Atlantic 7Vi
Do pfd 89%! Blngham 19%
Boston & Albany.245 I Calumet & Hecla.448
Boston & Maine.lGO Centonnla.1 17%
Boston Elev 1.-J8 Copper Range.... 40%
Fitchburg pfd 135 Daly West- 34Vi
Mex Central 10 Dom Coal 59V4
N Y. N H & H..I94 | Franklin 8%
Pere Marquette.. 78Vi|Grancy 3V^
Union Pacific 77Tt» i Isle Royale .... 714
M<|cellaneous— , Mass Mining 4
Am Ante Chem.. 13^ i Michigan 5
Do pfd 74".; Mohawk 33
Am Pneu Tube.. 3% Mont Coal & C. 2%
Am Sugar 125 Old Dominion 9%
Do pfd 125 O&ceola 67
Am Tel & Tel. . .120% \ Parrot 24 V4
Am Woolen 10 Qulncy 87
Do pfd COHiShannon 7!i
Dom Iron & S.. SVi'Tamarack 100
Ed Elec Ilium.. 2.12 (Trinity '. 4%
Gen KlPctric 165 U S Mining 20%
Mass Electric... 20% U S Oil 8%
Do pfd 77 Utah 32%
Maps Gas 39*4 Victoria 3U
United Fruit 06 Winona 5^4
Un Shoe Mach.. 47 Wolverine 70
Do pfd 2S
London Closing Stocks.
Cona for money. 86% N Y Central 118%
Do for acct.80 15-16 Nor & Western.. 69%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd S9
AtchiFon 09% Ont & Western.. 21%
Do pfd !>2V. Pennsylvania .... 09V1
, Bal & Ohio 80% Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 120% Reading 21%
, Ches & Ohio 3.1^ Do 1st pfd 40%
Ch| Great West. 16% Do 2d pfd 29Vi
Chi. Mil & St P. 143 So Railway 21%
Do Beer? 19%f Do pfd 83%
Den & Rio G.... 20% So Pacific '. . 48^4
Do pfd 70H Union Pacific 80>,i
Erlo 20% Do pfd 02%
Do 1st pfd «6 U S Steel 12
Do 2d pfd 43% Do pfd 69W
111 Central 131% Wabash i9'/ t
Louis & Nash... 107% Do pfd. 30%
' M. K & Tex.... 17 ,
Bar silver — Firm. 27%d per ounce.
Money— 2©3 per cent.
The rate cf discount In the open market for
Fhort tllli is 3% per cent and for three months'
bills 3% i>cr cent.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The, cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 7 in it points
and closed steady at an advance of 6 points.
New York Grain and Produce.
> . -
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts
40, COO barrels: exports, 11,200 barrels. Fairly
active and firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 8800 bushels; exports
5000 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. $1 ele
vator and $1 f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal. Options opened active on good
general buying, continued cold weather South
west, firm cables and commission house buy-
Ing in the West. Later prices declined sharp
ly on long selling, both here and at the West,
resulting in a net loss of %@l%c. May, 9Dc(S
$1 00%c, closed 09c; July, 94@95%c, closed
04c: September. 87%®90c. closed 87%c. '
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm. ,•
WOOI — Firm.,.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, irregular; No. 7 In
voice. 7%c; mild, steady. Futures closed net
20 to 25 points lower. Sales. 137,000 bags in
cluding: March, 5.50«i5.75c; April, B «5c-
May. 5.75@5.05c; July, G@0.15c; August, 0.25®
6.30c. • •
SUGAR — Raw, . steady: . fair - refining.
2 13-lCc; molasses sugar, 2 8-16c; rcflned,
steady. ■ „• .
DRIED FRUITS. ■
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market' Is
easy, with demand etlll light and rather more
pressure to sell. Common, 405c; choice, 5U@
Cc. and fancy. 6%®7c. *
PRUNES — Are firm, with jobbing - demand
good and supplies somewhat limited. Quota
tions range from 3%ig6%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Remain firm. Choice. 9%«frl0c
extra choice. 10>4<i?10%c, and fancy, 12S15c
PEACHES — Are in fair demand. Choice,
7V4«H%c; extra choice, 7%®8J4c; fancy, D@
10c. '
New York Metal Market:. ■'-£■:.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— Tin broke sharply
In the English market. Spot closed £1 ■ fis
lower at £126 12a 6d* aad futures 17a 6d lowor
at £120 12s tfd- Locally tin was unchanged,
with epot quoted at ?2« 50®29.
Copper was unchansed In London, but lo
cally was firm, with Lake at $12 50@12 75:
electrolytic and casting at 812 37%@12 U2&. :
Lead was unchanged in both markets, being
quoted "here at $4 45@4 50.
Spelter was unchanged In London, but was
firmer here, with spot closing at $505 10.
Iron closed Rt 50s fid at Glasgow and at
4'J* lO'/jti in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
unchanged; No. 1 foundry, northern, ? 1 Mi 1 '*. ;
No. 2 foundry, -northern, f\4'Slo: No. 1 South
ern and No. 1 southern soft, $13 75@14 25.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16. — Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by Bradstreet's
*how the following changes in available sup
pll«e, as compared with last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
RockieB, decreased 583,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, Increased 800,000 bushels; total
supply, increased 217.000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of '
Rockies, decreased 181,000 bushels. •
Oats — United States and Canada, eaet of
Rockies, decreased- 382,000 bushels. . i
Chicago Board. of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16. — A change 4n rules gov- j
ernlng deliveries was largely responsible for :
heavy liquidation in wheat to-day, resulting :
in July closing 2<R2%c- below the final figures
of yesterday. May wheat closed ltt&l'/ic
down.
Demoralization was rampant in the wheat pit,
starting with confusion caused by the inaugu
ration of a new rule in reference to the de
livery of No. 1 and No. 2 hard wheat on fu
ture contracts. :. Until to-day No. 2 red and No.
1 and No. 2. hard winter wheat had been de
liverable on contract at 5c discount, but the
board voted to make the rate after July 1 at
2c discount. Announcement of this . decision
brought heavy realizing In the July and Sep
tember options.' Prices declined throughout th«
day. The opening was comparatively steady,
influenced by the early Liverpool cables, which
showed a blight advance, initial quotations on
May being unchanged to y,c higher at B7%©
OSc. July was unchanged to %c lower at «Co
to 90tic Large quantities of July and Sep
tember wheat came out during the first hour"
on liberal Belling by commission houses and
local long*. Tnere was very little support to
the maTket and a decidedly weak tone soon de
veloped. T.*here was I ncthing ! apparent in the
general news to bring outside heavy selling or
ders.. Foreign advices .were still bullish on
the cash situation. Moreover, the cash demand
in all domestic markets was a noticeable fea
ture. Cold weather in the Southwest was also'
a bull factor. I In the face of these favorable
circumstances, however, 'long wheat continued
to come out in the entire day. The weakness
in the outside markets and in the corn and oats
Cits undoubtedly* had tome effect. It was also
claimed that a natural reaction from tha bull
ishness accounted for a considerable jiart of
th$ deprefcsion. The. close was •■, »ak and near
the bottom. After selling dotoii tp OttUc. or
l%c. below the high point. May closed at 9(iV4«j>
««%c; July closed at 87%©87%c, after touching
87-kc
Corn met with a good demand at the open
ing from local • traders. May closed ?i«14c
lower at C6%<S5G%c. .
Oats were very nervous. May closing l%c
lower at 42", t.
There waj early strength In provisions, with
good buying of pork and ribs. Thb advance,
in prices, however, brought out heavy realiz
ing sales, which were increased by the ex
treme weakness in grains-. • May pork closed
30c down, lard was off. 12V4@15c and ribs
7%<S10e lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — • Open. High. • Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 07% ! OS 96U »6%
July (old) OOVi 00% SSV* bS'/i
July (new) .... 0'"' ... 00V, 87*fe 87%
Sept (old) 8<U; 86Vi 84% 84&
Sept (new) 88>i S6Vi 83'i S3fc
Corn No. 2 —
February — . — . 61K
May .*K5% C6^i 64% 54%
July 53*. 53% 52% 62%
Oats No. 2 —
February 40%
May 44i.i 44", 42H 4234
July 39H 30?4, 3»Vi 3»H
September 34% 34V4 33 34
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 O2V4 15 2O 14 70 14 75
July 14 itO 15 O2V4 14 C5 14 65
Lard, per 100 lbg —
May 7 77^ 7 80 7 f.0 7 62*6
July.. 7 87H 7 S7% 7 70 7 70
Short Ribs. fW>r 100 lbs—
May 7 20 7 27»i 7 07% 7 10
July 7 35 7 37^5 "20 7 20
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady. No. 'A spring wheat,
S0«J95c; No. 2 red, 95H@$1; No- 2 corn. 51c;
No. 2 yellow. Me; No. 2 oats. 40%f?40%c; No.
3 white. 42HJI45c; No. 2 rye. 05c; good feed
ing barley,' 4O#42c; fair to choice malting,
4S4T5OC; No. 1 flax seed, $1 11; No. 1 North
western, $1 17; prime timothy Beed, $3 25;
mess pork, ppr bbl. $14 00®14 C2&: lard, per
100 lbs. $7 4fl(f?7 42%; short ribs sides (loose),
$0 75^7: ehort clear sides (boxed). $7 \2Vt9
7 25; whisky, basis of high wines, fl 27;
clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.700 35,500
Wheat, busnels 85,000 54,100
Corn, bushels 448.P0O 21S.400
Oats, bushels 375,.".0O 103,800
Kyt. bushels 11,500 14.200
Barley, bushtls 132.800 15,500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. ,
CHICAGO, Feb. 16. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. 16e*<!5'.ic; dairies. 13H«22. Eggs,
easier; 28®20c. Cheese, strong; 10@10»ic.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— CATTLE — Receipts,
400O; Bteady: good to prime steers, $4 90®
5 75; Poor to medium. $3 50©4 75: • stockers
and feeders. $2 2504 10; cows. $1 «0®4 25;
heifers. $2 25@4 75; canners, $1 00@2 00; bulls.
$204; calves, ?3 50®5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 30,000; to-morrow,
40,000; strong on good; mixed and butchers,
$.V55 35; good to choice heavy, $5 25585 45;
rough heavy, $4 00*85 25; light. $4 00@5 10;
bulk of sales, 54 95@5 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000; sheep, -steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $4tf
4 00; fair to choice mixed. ?3 5O$?4; Western
sheep, $3 SOfTS-'OO; native lambs, $4@5 95;
Western lambs. 4 OOffC 25.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—. March. May.
Opening 6 7% 6 6%
Closing ••• 66% 66%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening Holiday.
Closing • •• Holiday.
■ Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing < Holiday.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Feb. 1C— A healthy condition pre
vailed In the wool market to-day, with de
mands i>t«tdy. Medium wools have been most
in demand and they have felt the Impulse to
ward a higher movement. There Is a steady
business in the territory wools, which are
firm. ' -
' QUOTATIONS.
Territory: Idaho — Fine. 15@lCc; heavy fine,
13@14c: fine medium, 104*17c; medium, 12%f»
18c. Wyoming— Fine, 15®10c: heavy fine, 13@
14c; fine medium. l«i©17c; medium, 18%@19c.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, 15<gl7e; heavy fine.
13&14c: fine medium, 16%@17c; medium, I9tj
20c. Montana— Fine, choice, 19®20c; fine, me
dium choice, 19@20c; average. 18@19c; staple,
10Q20c; medium choice, 19©20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 16.— WOOL— Easy. Medium
grades,' combing and clothing, 17©21c; light
fine, 15W17Vic; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20®30c
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON..
PORTLAND, Feb. 16.— Wheat — Walla
Walla, 75c; bluestem. 8.1c; valley, 80c.
WASHINGTON. I
TACOMA. Feb. 16. — Wheat— Unchanged;
blueetem, 81o; club, 76c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Feb. 16.— Clearings, $577,134
balances, $07,838. ■
•TACOMA. Feb. - 16.— Clearings, $342,898
balances. $42,422. n ■
PORTLAND. Feb. .16.— Clearings. $054,501;
balances. $112,796. .
SPOKANE. "" Feb. •' 16.— Clearings. $275,770;
balances. $17,571.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Excluinge and Bullion.
. Silver advanced %c.
The steamer China brought from Yokohama
2.100.000 gold yen. valued at $1,040,000. to
local banks. The International Banking Cor
poration received 850,000. the Anglo-Californlan
Bank Ltd.. 800.000. and the Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation 500,000.
It is reported that no further exports of
gold from Yokohama will be permitted by the
Japanese Government, but the report has not
yet been confirmed.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86^4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^i 1
New York Exchange, sight — 12>-a j
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15 '
Silver, per ounce* , — 59%
Mexican Dollars nominal 44 ©45
", I
Wheat and Other Grain*.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Rates range from ISs
3d for large up to 13s for small carriers, usual
European options, with very little doing on
the spot. The chartered wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of C370. against 25,
955 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged 83,190 tons against C0.990; on the way
to this port. 197,486 tons, against 210,275.
WHEAT — There was no news "of importance
from abroad. • Chicago was lower and feature
less. The Southwest continues to complain of
dry weather.
There is nothing new in this market worthy
of not* except «. decline in futures. The cash
grain continues In fair demand for milling and
feeding account, with prices steady.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club $1 37%@1 42%; California
White Australian $1 45©1 50; Northern Club.
$1 38%®1 41%; Northern Bluestem. $1 47 Viii
1 80; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. , Close.
May ?1 41% $1 41% $1 40 $140%
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 40%.
BARLEY — There ts les»y«ctlvity than ob
served at the close of last week, and ■ futures
were lower yesterday. The cash grain remained
unchanged, with $1 12% as the ruling figure
and sales reported at $1 13%.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 1U4®1 13%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 17%@1 18%; Chevalier. $1 17%@1 4<5
for fair to choice. •
FUTURES.
. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May 5108% $108% $107% $107%
December ... 1 03% 1 03% 1 02% 1 02%
2 p. m. Session.
May— 41 08.
OATS — Arrival of 4S0O ctls from Oregon. The
market Is steadily held, with a fair demand.
Oftorings are moderatx.
White, $1 27%@1 37%; Black. $1 25@1 55;
Red. $1 2501 32% for feed and $1 V.Oiil 35 for
aeed; Grays. $1 32% per ctl. • "
CORN — Buyers are not very eager, but pay
'the high prices willingly enough when they
buy. Offerings are moderate and recelDts are
not heavy and continue chiefly from the West. !
Western sacked. $1 35 for Yellow, $1 35 for
White and ?1 32% for Mixed; California largo :
Yellow. $1 37%@1 40; smalt round do. *1 50; |
White, $1 37% per ctl; Egyptian, $1 42% for
white and $1 25 for brown.
RYE— Steady and unchanged at $1 30f 1 32%
per ctl.
I . BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(^2 per ctl.
Flour* and Alillstnffs.*
The demand for Flour and Millstuffs con
tinues about as for the past few weeks and
prices are unchanged. There Is no distinctive
feature to the market.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@l60; ;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90©4 20 per bbl for 1
! Family and $3 90©4 40 for Bakers'.
! , MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as !
! follows: Graham Flour. $."5 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour ?4 50£?4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa- \
rlna, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 23<&8 CO; in sacks. $0 75@.H 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
' Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Conditions in these markets remain un- |
changed. Hay, Bran and Middlings are quoted 1
steady, with a good continuous demand, which
promptly absorbs the arrivals.
BRAN— $21©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50C29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21<&22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23®24 per
I ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50@3l;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, $2S,50g20 50; Cracked Corn. $20{?:i0:
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $15@18; Wheat and Oat. $140 1
17: Oat $14iU7; Wild Oat, $14^10; Barley, j
$12@14 GO: Stock, nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$12@13 .*•() per ton.
■ 8TRAW— 50@75c per bale:
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue quiet at the quotations which
have ruled for some little time. Limas are
still firm owing to the light rainfall In the
southern districts, and Pinks are firm owing
to moderate supplies. The other descriptions
are dull and featureless. There is nothing new
In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 23ff2 50; Pea. $3; But
ters $3 50; small White. $2 75©3; large White,
$2 20@2 55; Pink. $2 90«?3 10: Red. $4 25«S'4 50;
Lima $3 2.">@3 30: Red Kidneys. $4 25^150;
Blackeye. $2 15©2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2®2 50.
SEEDS — Brown MustanV $3 50;. Yellow Mus- :
tard. $2 65©2 SO; Flax, fl 8001 90; Canary,
6iS5i;c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@14%c; Rape,
l»4C2c; Timothy. C©6i(,c; Hemp. 3U<R3%c per
lb; Millet, 393 He; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25*82 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Although receipts of Potatoes were light,
being less than 500 sacks, the market was lib
erally supplied with all descriptions, which
have been accumulating for some time. Trade
was more active than for some little while
back, as the report that prices have advanced
at shipping points caused a better demand
%mong small dealers. Prices, however, were ;
unchanged. Garnet Chiles and Early Rose
were in good demand for seed and prices of '
the latter had a narrower range. Several :
cor Imk's of Burbanka have been received from
»< nila lately and they are selling at $1 Wi
1 15 ;-or cental, but are moving slowly, as
they do not compare favorably with the Ore
gon article, which can be had at almost the
same price. Sweets were unchanged and
rather dull. Strictly fancy Onions were firm
ly held at full figures, but the recent arrivals
of Oregon Included some off lots, which were
being offered at a decline.
As usual on Tuesday the receipts of Vege«
tables from Los Angeles were light and of
ferings consisted chiefly of carried-over stock.
Peas and Tomatoes were still plentiful and
rather weak, but all other kinds ruled firm at
steady prices. Mushrooms were slightly weak
er under continued heavy receipts. A box of
Asparagus from the river sold at 50c per
pound and a box of extra fancy stock from
across the bay sold at 75c per pound.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 95c@
$1 10., per ctl: Oregon Burbanks. $1 1C@
$1 25 per ctl; River Reds. $ljffil 10 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. 90c©$l 05 per ctl; Early Rose.
95c®$l 05 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2@2 10
per ctl
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 1502 23 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 50 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
GO© 05c per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 406c per lb:
String Beans. 15©17%c per lb; Wax. :
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, 75c®$l 25
per box or crate; Rhubarb. 0©10c per lb: Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles. $1©1 50 per box;
Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers 50®75c per dozen for
small and $1©1 25 for large; Garlic. 5®6c per
lb; Egg Plant, 20c per lb: Dried Peppers.
5<S8e per lb for Stockton and 10©l2%c for
southern: Dried Okra. 12%e per lb: Green Pep
pers. 15©20c per lb: Mushrooms. 12%@25c per
lb- Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $10015 per
ton for round lots and %©%c per lb for
sacked.
Poultry and Game.
There was no Western Poultry received and
the receipts of domestic stock were unusually
light for Tuesday. The market ruled firm
and all kinds of Chickens were quoted higher,
supplies being insufficient to satisfy the de
mand. Old Pigeons and Ducks were In good
request and cleaned up. quickly at higher
rates. Receipts of Western stock are expected
to be light during the balance of the week,
and as there will be none in before Thurs
day all Indications point toward a continued
firm market. There were no dressed Turkeys
received.
The open season for wild Ducks and Doves
closed on Monday and the quotations are drop
ped. A few sacks that came In yesterday were
seized by the Game Wardens and what was
carried over from the preceding day had to
be dumped. Geese. Snipe and Rabbits ar
rived freely and were readily, marketed at
firmer rates. ■. ' ' . . -
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 18®22c per. lb;
live Turkeys 15©17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2^2 25; Goslings. $2<#2 25: Ducks. $5 60®6 50
per dozen for old and $U 50@7 50 for young;
Hens $6 50@7 50 for large and $5 50<P6 50 for
small- young Roosters, $6 50©7 50; old Roos
ters '$5 G0©«; Fryers. $H@« 50; Broilers. $5®
5 50 for large and $4 5005 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25<g2 60
'* 0 O\M&-<}rRy Geese. $3; White Geese. $1@>
1 50- Brant, $1 50 for small and. $2 50 for
large* Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small;
English -Snipe, $2 50@3: common Snipe. $1 50;
Rat-bits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for Brush;
Hare. $1 25@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs, s
--.There was no'noteworthy variation In Butter.
The question of price was largely a question of
stock. If a dealer was heavily, supplied he
offered his floor at 25c; another, carrying light
stocks, asked 26c, and even 27c tn «. «maJl w»v ]
for preferred brands. But the great bulk of I
the Butter selling to-day ts at the quotations j
below, and the market is top-heavy at them.
Tht-re Is no further change of consequence In j
Cheese, stocks being; as large and cumbersome
as ever and the demand as light.
Eggs are coming In more ireely. as will be
seen below, and the situation is as stated for
a week or two past, the cheaper descriptions
being Jn lively demand for local and shipping
use, \rt-.Ue the fine ranch are given the go-by.
They are accumulating and are beginning to
weoken off again in consequence. ,
Receipts were 4X100 lbs Butter. 1303 cases
Eggs and TOCO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 26c for
extras. 25c for firsts and 224624c for "sec
onds; dairy. 18*Z22c: * store Butter, nominal:
cold storage. 21«22c for extras. 18620c' for
seennd? and 16018a for ladle-packed.
CHEESE — 10@llc for good to choice new
and 8@9c for lower grades; ' young Americas,
lieilHc; Eastern. 15CH6C; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 24'g25c; «tore. 23<g21c per doi.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. "
There was a little better feeling in the
Orange market owing to clear.' sunny weather
and trade was moderately active. Stocks,
however, were still very heavy and prices wer«
without quotable variance. Occasional small
lots of large Navels, that is. 06s and 112s. sold
up to $2 25, but the top quotation was con
sidered an extreme figure for the general mar
ket. Six cars of Navels are announced for to- •
day's auction. Tangerines are in free supply
and weaker now that the Chinese New Tear
festivities are abcut over. Grape Fruit is
easier under increased receipts, while Lemons i
and Limes are unchanged. Ripe Bananas are !
in good supply and move fairly at previous
prices. The steamer Alameda, which arrived !
from Honolulu yesterday, brought up 525D
bunches Bananas and 33 crates Pineapples.
There was no change in Apples or Pears.
APPLES — $1 75*6(2 per box for extra fancy;
$1 25®M 50 for ordinary fancy. 85c^$l for
choice and f>0ig"5c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellla from cold storage (re
packed). $2 50@3 per box.
CITRUS BRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25^2 •
per box for fancy, 7o03$l 25 for choice and 50c i
@$1 for standards; Seedlings, SOc-GIl: Tan- t
gerines. 50c$$l 25 per box; Lemons, tl 75-ftl: 50 j
for fancy. $1 25©1 f>0 for choice and 75c0$l for '
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25*g2 25; Mexican j
Limes. $5 5tKSG; Bananas, $li02 per bunch for ,
Hawaiian and J2-S2 50 for Central American; ;
Pineapples, $1 5u{i2 per dozen for Central
American and $3£5 lor Hawaiian. |
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey |
There is less movement in Fruits this week I
than last, hut it make* very Mttle difference. ;
as, excepting Pamps and Raisins, there Is not ■
much left # here to move. Honey and Nuts con
tlnue qule't at unchanged prices. }
The Raisin Growers'" Association has. Invited i
growers to sign contracts for three years, he- \
ginning May 1, 1904, on the sam? terms as the .
present contract.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7V'. for Royals and 9 •
@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4© <
5?-ic: sun-dried, 3€4c: P«aches. 5®<Hc; Pears, j
6®10c; Nectarines, 4e5»4*; Figs, white. 4 "a m<> ,
In boxes; black, 4>4c; Plums, pitted, ti@Oc per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2K ! i§2 ! *ic for the four
! sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1!>>>1: Standard grades, ;
SO-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5 Vic per .
lb; 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6'ic; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4Uc; Seedless floated. 4 He: 2-crown <
Ma'.apa loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose. 5-%c; ■
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4^ic; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5«4c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 3-crown ;
Dehesa clusters, §2 SO; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25. usual advance for frac- ]
tional boxes and layers. Se<»ded — Fancy l«-os
cartons, per lb. ~%c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per j
package. a%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7Hc: .'
choice lfi-ci cartons, per lb, ""Ac: choice 12-oz i
cartons, per package, 6»ic; choice bulk car- ;
tons, per lb, 7 He; 10-oz cartons, seeded Seed- ;
lings. Mu5oatcl5, per lb. 7c; 12-es cartons. :
seeded Seedlings. Muscatel*, per lb. 5?ic- bulk. |
eeeded Seedlings Muscatels, per lb, 6;ic.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. MUiiUc; i
No 2. Il*bfll2c: No. 1 hardshell, 130UU<s; •
No 2, HQllHc; Almonds lie for Nonpareils. ,
10'Jc for I X"L. IO-^c for Ne Plus Ultra and i
&%c for Langu'doc: Peanuts. (VS7c for Eastern; j
Pecans, 110 13c: Cocoanuts, $1 50^5; Chest- ;
nuts. 5^7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10©ll«-ic for white and SftO ;
©He for amber; water white extracted. &■©
Bi'.c; light amber extracted, 4Vi1H%c; dark.
3%*Nc.
BEESWAX— 27«723c per lb.
Provisions.
There are a good many changes in barreled
goods, as will be seen, both Beef and Pork
products being lower. Lard, pure and com- t
pound, has again advanced. The market for j
Hams. Bacon and barreled goods is dull, with |
supplies ample for all needs. I
Chicago was lower yesterday owing to weaker j
grain and free selling by the packers. The |
outside trade is heavily loaded with goods and j
the packers and traders are bearish.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 13^c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sug-ar-cured ;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. KH-ie: California
Hams, I2ii»313c: Mess Beef. $10 50?tll per bbl;
extra Mets. $11 5CtfM2: Family. $12 .WR13:
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $24#25;
Mpfs. $18; Dry Salted Pork. lOHPllc; Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and 0%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10c: 10-lb tins. 10^-c; 5-lb tins, 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%c. •
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9tic: three
half barrels. 9c; one tierce, Slic; two tierces,
: 8%c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops 6how no further change, but are quiet
er and featureless, with stocks of the 1903 crop
reduced to a .small quantity, and this in lots
scattered here and there.
Wool is dull and nominal. Last year's clip
is pretty well cleaned up and the new spring
clip will not appear until next month, so there
is practically no market at present.
Hides are steady at previous prices. The
Oriental war has had the effect of Imparting
a steadier tone to the situation without, how
ever, thus far improving either the demand or
prices. •
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about ViOlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9Vfcc; medium, 8i£e: light. 8c; Cow
Hides 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags. Gc:
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOHc: dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 2.V«3Oc each;
short Wool. 4CKgG5c each; medium. 70@90c: long
Wool. $1@1 f.0; Horse Hides, salt, *2 75 for
large and $21f2 ."><> for medium. $1 25S1 75 for
small and 00c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, Slfi I 25
for small and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. float Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; largi\and smooth, 50c; medium, 33c;
small.' 20c. >
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2, 3^c; rrease, £Xa@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs', 9<l>
lie; Middle County, lliB12c: Northern Defect
ive. 9«J10c: Nevada. 13ffl5c; Oregon,- fine. 1S@
19c: Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25<P30c per lb for California. 1003.
and 20c for crop of 1004.
Meat Market:
Hogs art higher, as the supply is hardly
equal to the demand at present. Fall Lambs
are slightly weaker. Mutton is easy, but no
lower, anu Veal is coming In freely, dairy
calves especially. Beef is steady at the quota
tiors which hove ruled for a long time.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «%©7ttc for. Steers and 5VS@6Hc per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, S@9c; small. 9«J9^§e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, J)&@10c; Ewes. 960Hc
per lb.
LAMB— Fall. '10011c; Spring. 15616c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7©8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good.sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8®Dc; Cows and Heifers.
7€Sc: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — »«I*4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4VJ<85c; Ewes, 4L,-,mu c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5® 5 He per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lba, 5H<£5%c;
over 200 lbe, 5H@5&c; soft Hogs, 4Hc; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars, 60 per cent off, and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. r>Uc spot and &%@5%c
June-July; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32«T35c: Fleece Twine. 7^® 8c
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list: " .
— _ _ Q,
* m* p S
.1 C~ 3 8
5 •* p c a
FRUITS. _ a 5 &
| I f :
3 ; I '.
Apples...: SI 35 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots ! 1 35 1 25
Blackberries 1 CO 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A 2 IB 1 00 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white 178 160 133
Cherries, blacky... 2 00 175 160 135
Grapes '. 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches 140
Lemon Cling Peaches... • 1 80 1 CO 1 30 1 20
Pears 2 00 1 75 a
Plums :..'.....'... 1 35 1 15 1 05 93
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 180
Strawberries 2 CO 1 75 160 140
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2^,-lb
standard S3c: • Green Peas — Petits pols,
(1 35; standards, DOc: standard, sifted. $1 05;
extra sifted. $1 20; marrowfats. S7«4c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 00: Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coo*
Bar. $5 BO: Cret*. S7; Wall«ind. 17: R«i-h-
AUCTION SALES
£?> Sixth and Last Cons"gimient fe
AUCTION SALE OF
100 Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 1200.
Consigned by th.e Churchill Co.'s J. F., C. B.,
and D. Ranches. Yreka. Slsklyon Co.
To B« Sold On
THURSDAY, February 18, 1904,
At 11 a. tn.. at
SALETARD. 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
*v_ AUCTION SALE of 40 HORSES and
>-^ MARES. WEDNESDAY. Feb. 17. at 11
a. m. AP.CADE HOUSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST. Every horse must b« r.» repre-
sented or mcney refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctirr.««r. #
mond. $7 50; Cumberland $13 In bulk and
$11 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
*14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $1.1; Welsh Lump.
*ll 50: Canr.el. *S CO per ton; Cok?. $11 50<»
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain description*. $11 45 p«r 200O lbs and
$12 .<<O per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFlSHXBundles. per lb, 4»ic;
cases, regular, Be; cases, extra large, 5'<Jc;
Eastern style. 6c: boneless. 5V,e; --Norway."
5Hc; "Narrow Gauge." 6c; -Silver Klnr."
7Wc; block*. ••Oriental." 5%c; Mocks ••Se*
bright." KVjc; tablets. «','•<•; middles, "tJSVie;
fancy bonelesa. *i-i>j,\H%c: r^kled Cod. bbls. $3;
ptrkled Cod. half this. $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes 'as
follows. CO day* or H per cent discount for
cash, no sales under lO.DOO lbs: Manila ll'-ic:
Sisal. lO^ic; Duplex. 0%c; Bale Rope. 10Vi9
10%c per lb
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13ti«?15e nominal for
strictly prime to fancy washed; 12H©13c for
prime washed; Ili^*n2'4c for good washed;
10Vj'312 i 4c for good to prlm« washed pcaberry;
9«4<glOVjC for good to prime pcaberry: 1<>H7J
12c for good to prime; Otfllu'ic for fair: 7®0o
for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13?il4c r.cminal for strictly prim*
washed: ll'S12Hc fir rood to prime washed:
0^©104c fcr fair washed: 10tH2c for fair to
prime washed pcaberry: l)%'810e for good to
prime jeml-washed; 10c for superior unwashed:
O^Qusjc for good green unwashed: Oi^tjlOc for
good to superinr unwashed peab«rry; 7gS l ic for
inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12H«J" s »c nominal for prtm» to
fancy washed: O'ifMl<* nominal ■ for fair t»
strictly good washed: PGD^c for good to m
perlor anwa.«n»<I: O^'SlO'ic for good to prim*
unwashed peaherry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14U1|13c for finer
washed; 12V»<rl4He f"r prime to strictly prim*
washed: 11 1 4©12 1 4c fcr utrlctly Kood washed:
lO-TiQUUc frr coed wujh-ii:, ftHSlOc for fair
washed: 8«4<8OV«c f°r medlun*: 7©Oc for Inferior
to ©wlinary: Il>iffll2'ic for fair to prim*
washed peaberry: O'i^lO'Ae for good to prime
unwashed peslxrry; 0<310c nominal for food to
»un»rlrr unwashed.
T.TTATHFR — Fole. h*»vv. 2fMl.12c; extra
heavy 3e<f?40r per lh; m«-Htitn. 27«29c: light.
2l«S2«c: Pough I.»«thfr. CfflSSc: Harn*«s
T^ather heavy. Wfl.'Wo for No. 1 and SO'SJ.'Ce
for No 2- mMlnm Sn©T7c; l'gh». 2SMK>5o:
Skirtinp. No. 1. 40*M2c: No. 2. 344138c: Col
lar Leather 15*JtR*» pfr fr-ot: Trace Leather. 40
«4lc- KIt» nnflni*h»>1. 4Af?S0c per Tb; Vmt.
finished 50rgW>c per lh: Calf, finished. e3c^$l
per Ib-Wax Sides. J£«17c per foot: Belt Knlf«
Splits 14if?tre; Rough RrllM &010c per lb.
TANHARK— Ground. $2C«2S per ton; stick.
$1!VR1* p*r conl.
OILS — Quot»tlor» are for barrels; for c*»e».
add 5o; Unsrcd. iTtc per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Carter OH. in ra*es. No. 1. 7Oc:
Baken" AA. $1 K**l 12: Lucol. *ic for boiled
nr.l 4C^ fcr raw: Ch'na N"t. «0^70c per kH1«i;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels We for Ceylon and 55e
for Australian: extra bleached wlnfr
OIT 8*>c- natural wrnter sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bl»arh*d winter Whale Oil. R.V; natural Wha!«
Oil. 00c; extra winter »train«l Lard Oil. SSc;
No 1 L>»rrl Oil. ~Tyc: pure Nentsfoot OIL 7.x*:
No 1 Neat'fnrt Oil. C^r: lleht Herring OH.
4.V- dnrk H<-rrins Oil. 4.7<v Salmon -Oil. S«<«:
boll"»d F1xh Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Pa'nt Oil. r.7,c; raw Pulnt OH 33c.
COM* OIL— Water Whlf Ccal Ol\. in bulk.
13c- T<nrl Oil. In cases. 21 He; Astral. 21 Uc:
Star 21'..c- Estra Star. 23Kc: Elaine. 27Vje;
Eorenc 2»'ic- Deodorized Stive Gasoline. In
bulk Ktc in oa»«. 22>'-c- Benxlne. In hulk.
13c: "in cases. lOVJc: SR-desree Gasoline, m
bulk 2^><"- In" r rtscs. .lie.
TURPENTINF — W*c per »m!loB In cases ana
S2c in drums »n.l iron harr»Js. /ik
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, aft
7c per lb: White Lead. fl'-i«7c. according to
qU QriCKSTT-VEr.— SWR44 for Inca! use and
H*> 5f"R4.T W> p»r f a?k for export.
SALT— The market is getting more settled
and doflnite quntatlori enn i now be given Ther
are st'll low. boinit «bout 5<V per ton over cost
of production, as follows: B»K «1 *n : Dairy
> %R .VhG9 r*r ton: Granulated '^l^ 1^'^. *v
i Ground. 100-lh hag5. $» r0: do RO-lb bags. . W <.
Rock Salt $1 23 In ICO and $4 50 In 50 lb
i bags: atnulne Liverpool. $11. $15 and $1« per
ton In packages of 224. 100 and 50 lbs re-
SP SUOAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnj Com
pany quotes «* follow., per lb. in lOO-lb ba* S :
rube*. A Cnished and Fine Crushe d 5..V.C:
Powd»red 5 40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Orn^utetea fine 8..tPc: Dry Granulated, coar^
S^V- Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Oranulated
i /inrt tii bars only) R.lOo: Confectioner* A.
S- Ma^ollfA. «n«c: Extra C. 4..<0c: Golden
C 4 VOc- -D.'' 4.60c; barrels. 10c more: ha!C
barreir«>5c more: boxes. Rftr more: .Wlb bar*,
i^c more for aU Muds. Tablets-Half barreli.,
iTncT boxe<. e.«Rc; H. & K. Crystal DomlnM.
S TOc ifr lb No orders taken for less than
seventr-flve barrels or Its e^uWalent.
T tmtter— Pine ordinary siws. SlS^lw. ex«
t^«, hlrterTRedwood. «1^23; Lath 4
feet $3 90«4: Picket-. $10«2«: Shingles. $2 for
No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Sh«k~ . $13 for split
and $14 for sawn: Rustic. $~ig.>l.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY FEBRUARY 16.
Flour. <ir sks .. J« Woo!, bales ... Jt
Wheat ctls 3--' " e ' d - sXs -I,- "^
narley ctls .... 10.2H* Oulcksilver flka Wt
Hay. tons IM'RalslM. to... «»
Straw tons .... 10 Lime, bbls .... 133
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls .... 3 -^!g ra J?- Bk9 K5
Oats ctla 4.SOO F#«d. sks 68T
Potatoes, sks .. 83 Wool, bales ... I
STOCK MAKKET.
* ~ .
Trading Light, With the Mining
Stocks Weaker.
Trading in stocks and* bonds was light on
the Bond Exchange, and there were no change*
worthy of comment. The oil stocks continued
dull Mining stocks were weaker, with con
siderable selling, caused by a break In th«
electric line which supplies the Comstock lod«
Ex-dividend yesterday: Pacific Auxiliary
Fire Alarm Company, a regular quarterly divi
dend of 10 cents: the Ga* Consumers' Associa
tion, a monthly dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to $5000. ■ - : "*_ ■•
The Onhtum Company paid a regular
monthly dividend ot 15 cents per share,
amounting to ?1 1.23O, on the 15th.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay
a regular monthly dividend of ?1 per share
February 20. . .'*>"
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 16 — it p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid A.i*.
4s qr coup.. 107 - 4, qr cp BMrlgHg"*
4s qr reg... — — 3s qr coup. .1061*107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AI» A W 5t - — JO T Co Cs.llS% —
Bay CPC 5s.lO2 104 Do 5s 100 —
Cal C G 5S.103 104% D> con Ss.lOO 10H'»
Cal G i ft E g Oteanle S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 1W Cm Cable t*. — 124
Cal-*t C Bs.114 — Pric G Im 4s. 04 IW
C C Wat 5*. 6ft 10O p E Ry Ss.105 103=i
Ed L & P fin.125 131 p & C H Cs.lftt —
F & C H «s. — 120 V & O R «s.ll« —
Geary-st fis.. 45% 00 1tw?!I rt ftr.112% —
H C*S 5%s.lO4 — Sac EO&RSs OS lf)O
Do r.s ?.. OS 100 *V & SJVSs.llS%llS*i
HotTr T fis.tOtt — Sierra R 6*.lll%U2ii
L A Elec 5s. — 104% S V of A Cs
L A Ry 5«..113% — <1S*»> 10SmO«
L A L CO G». - - a U?l«> • .-."MS -
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do Btd 5s.l03%105% <lM5r-V A.104V, -
LAP 1 cg'5s.l«>%102Vi . r.WDSr K-1<U% —
Mkt-st c £.116% - nsoo . . . .ion% -
DolctnS-.115 H« «mi2) ....US —
MVA MtT5s — 112 FPC 1 c« 5s. - —
NRR of C6s.lO6%tn7% Do- stmpd.N»% —
Do 5s ... — 119 S P B R V-l^J —
N V C R 6*105 — fl V'W «te.lO7t4 —
N C Ry &>. . — 11* T>y 4a 2dm. »O%lC0%
N C P C 5s. — 100 Lc 4« 3dm. 00% —
N 8.R R Bs. — ICO'/i Stkn G&E «• — 100
O G L&H SW1.IO8 — U « A E ftk.!C5 —
O W ftd 5s. — 99
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 j Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — 63 I S V W Co. 3S —
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L*& P. — 3%fs F O ft E. 37% 53%
Mutual EL.— 11% Stkn « & K 5 —
Pae L Co. .. 55 — ! U G A E. — 33
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem*« Fnd — 343 |
Continued From Page Fonrteen.
1516
I THE POLICY OF THIS sTOILE HAS NOT CHANGED-THE
USUAL COURTESIES WILL CONTINUE.
Newest Spring Arrivals—New
"^ Colors and Styles,
Extraordinarily Good Values.
We Will Start the Season With a Large Number of
Advance Lines of
BLACK AND COLORED
Scotch Suitings, Fancy Mohair, Granite Cloth,
Etamine, Jamestown Suiting, Batiste,
Henrietta, Albatross and Alpaca.
Visit* the New Kitchen Utensil and Household
Departments in the Basement*.
Rare Money-Saving Specials.
J ALWAYS RELIABLE
/* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.&
VnSKLESlXSS FASOTOXS
GOOD DIE AT CROSBY'S
Counterfeiter Makes SmaJl Purchase
and Cleverly Uses an Engravers'
Press to Strike Mold.
Andreas Winklemann. the counter
feiter who was cleverly captured last
Monday night by United States Secret
SPrvice Apents Hazcn, Foster and Mc
llanus, was arraigned before United
States Court Commissioner Heaeock
yesterday. Among the counterfeiting
apparatus found in his possession was
a steel die, with the impression of a
half dollar. He admitted to Mr. Ha
zen that he had made the die in the
establishment of J. A. Crosby, an en
graver, at 103 A Fremont street. Cros
by was sent lor and when asked con
erningr -the matter stoutly denied any
knowledge of the die. He explained
that Winkelmann bought a small hand
press from him and that he had asked
for the privilepe of takinsr an im;>r«.'s-
on the large press in the shop.
Crosby save him permission and ad
justed the press for Winkfemann. but
did not know what was being pressed
between the two pieces of steel.
Lines From the Log Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"I never had a more comfortable trip
across the continent, never received bet
ter attention from train employes or en
joyed better dining car me:ils. Was
treated like a guest.'" — FREDERICK U
ESOLA. General Manager San Kranois
co Electric Protective Co., San Francis
co. •
Heinze Anpoals Dismissed
Two appeals were dismissed yester
day by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals in the case of F. Augustus
Heinze and F. Augustus Heinze as ad
ministrator of the estate of James
Larkin. deceased, and Clara A. Larkin
vs. the Butte and Boston Consolidated
Mining Company and John .S. Harris,
receiver. The first appeal was from
an order of the Circuit Court of Mon
tana directing the receiver in a suit
for partition to pay to his attorney
$350 for his compensation. The sec
ond was from an order made Novem
ber 10. 1902. confirming eight month
ly reports of the receiver. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fc^ PELXiOWS. |ftfi» VHtliOVTB. " . g|
l« Mlohi g a n duck ge^^* odorless and purll
Juki T^ather*. Rcjrular rl*?d R^jrutarly $5 ■
fe£ S1.95 Per Pair, Per Pair S3.95. 20
Read these prices: Here arc mattress .and bedding
specials, nearly every one of which is lower by a hundred per
cent than any offer ever made before on this coast. Do not
miss this chance. Sec these specials, rain or shine.
MATTRESSES
Wire Mattress 5S*",gi#£58r£ffi $1.15
Wife MattTP^ Full 4-4 are, htavy rpring cables and
53.00. Sp£tal. *. . 4>1«VJ
WirB MattrCSS Heav yniattress for heavy people, full
tempered springs. Regular price $3.50. Special *P^fHtD
TOO MattreSS Ful14 - 4 ««• A soft, sanitary mattress
IUp ITIUIU W3 tbtwiUnotgdlurapyofhitd' Regular C3 3C
price $4.75. Spedtl .pO.OJ
Too Mattress' PuresiIkflo3s ' softertbaaf " thers - Fuiu-4 a** xn
IUp IfiaLUCM^ Regular price $10.00. Special.. $0.05
TOO M/ittrPSS FuU 4^ ziz * andmadeof silver gray hair.
IUM lYIdLLI^a Everybody knows a silver gray hair mat- C11 CA
trex£ Regular price $17.50. Our special for thi« week *PH«Jv
BLANKETS COMFORTS
Big 1 1-4 California wool blan- ■ /2x/2-inch Comforters, filled
kets, large enough for the largest wi^ h the hc^ medicated cotton
b,d. R T . Jr price. $4.50. Our t^^^L^et^ "{&
special this. week. special this week.
$2.65 95c
"The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post Street
STUDIES CULTURE OF
RUBBER TREES ABROAD
IT. C Pearson, a Recognized Author
ity. Returns From Plantations of
Ceylon and Straits Settlement.
Henry C. Pearson, editor and pub
lisher of the India Rubber World of
Xew York, is at the Palace, having
just returned from the island of Cey
lon and the .Straits Settlement, where
he inspected the comparatively new
rubber industries of those countries.
Discussing his trip yesterday Mr.
Pearron said he was much impressed
with the development of rubber cul
ture there.
"In Ceylon." said he. "the coffee bug
has played havoc with the coffee plan
tations, and many of the planters, as
well as tea men, have gone into the
rubber industry with considerable suc
cess. The industry is still very young
there, but the quality of rubber being
produced is of a high quality. The
export of the product last year was
about 40.000 pounds and the bulk of
it went to the Liverpool market."
Editor Pearson Is regarded as one
of the highest authorities on rubber
in this country. Last year he in
spected the rubber plantations of Mex
ico and through his paper he has fur
nished the American people much val
uable information regarding the pro
duct and the development of the in
dustry in various parts of the world.
He is now en route to New York.
Shakespearean roles never lose their
popularity with our great actors,
though at times public interest seems to
wane; but never when it is a gas range
from San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. 415 Post street. •
« ♦ »
South Gets /lain.
The Wei ther Bureau issued a report
last night that Monday's storm had
given the southern section of the State
a thorough wetting. The Upper Sac
ramento. Feather. Yuba and American
rivers rose rapidly yesterday as a re
sult of the storm. There was danger
i of an overflow at Marysville. Tehama,
Redding and Red Bluff. The winds
I off shore were very high all day.
TI-TE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1904.
THE CITIZENS' ALLIANCE
MAKES GEORGE MANAGER
Colorado Man Is Elected Executive Officer, Accepts Posi
tion Th^t.Is Tendered Him and Will Arrive Here Soon.
Well Known in California as Originator of New Idea
DECLARES BOND
ISSUE ILLEGAL
Herbert E. Law Claims the
Supervisors Have No Right
to Raise Funds in Such a Way
The threatened suit to test the valid
ity of the action of the Board of Super
visors in providing for the issuance of
518,000,000 worth of bonds to raise funds
for the improvement of the city, voted
for at the last election, was commenced
yesterday by Herbert E. Law, one of
the biggest land owners in the city.
It is in the nature of a suit for an in
junction restraining the board from is
suing the bonds on the ground that the
issuance of bonds is beyond the powers
of the board and therefore illegal. With'
the filing of the complaint a temporary
injunction was issued by Judge Sloss.
returnable before him Friday.
The complaint contains ten different
causes of action, one being directed
against each particular purpose for
which the bonds are to be issued. It is
claimed that the bonds for the hospital
and the nine other objects are invalid
for the reason that ordinance No. 1114
violates the provisions of section .21,
chapter 1^. article II of the charter, be
cause the ordinance purports to legis
late on ten different subjects, whereas
the title embraces but one subject.
It is also charged that there is a dis
crepancy between ordinance No. 1114
and the notice of election, in this: that
the ordinance provides for a certain
number of bonds of a certain denom
ination, and the notfrce of election pro
vides for a different number of bonds
of such denomination.
QUESTIONS SCHOOL BONDS.
Law complains also that the issuance
of bonds for school purposes violates
the general law of the State, because
the Political Code and the statutes, of
the State each provide a full and com
plete scheme for the issuance of bonds
for school purposes, and education be
ing a "State affair." and not a "local
affair," the charter is in conflict with
the general law of the State, and there
fore void in that respect.
It is further charged that all of the
provisions for the purchase of real es
tate for hospital, for County Jail and
additions to the Hall of Justice, for
public parks and for school purposes
being more than $50,000 in value are
void, as violative of that section of the
charter which requires such a proposi
tion to be submitted to the electors
after the passage of the ordinance pro
viding for their purchase. The portion
of the charter claimed to be violated
by these proceedings is section 21, chap
ter I, article II.
The complaint closes with the charge
that there is no provision of law or
warrant in the title for the purchase of
parks for children's playgrounds. Also
that the purchase of Telegraph Hill
park did not receive the proper num
ber of votes. ' ;
SLOSS WILL HEAR CASE.
All of the proceedings of the Board
of Supervisors, by ordinance and by
resolution, as well as those of the Elec
tion Commissioners, are set forth at
length as exhibits to the complaint,
they being thirty in number.
Judge Kerrigan assigned the case to
Judge Sloss, and on application of the
attorneys for the plaintiff Judge Sloss
issued an order to show cause', directed
to the city and county of San Fran
cisco, the Board of Supervisors and the
Mayor, requiring them to show cause
before him, in Department 8, on
Friday next why an injunction should
not issue according to the prayer of the
complaint, and in the meantime he is
sued an order restraining the Board of
Supervisors and the Mayor and the city
from taking further steps In the prem
ises. The Board of Supervisors, the
Mayor and the City Attorney were all
served promptly.
Henry C. McPlke Is 'the attorney for
Law. and associated with him is Edgar
C. Chapman, Law's regular
A similar test was made in 1900 of the
bond issue voted upon Just before the
new charter went into effect. In that
instance the amount of the bond issue
was $11,000,000. Eugene N. Fritz was
the plaintiff in that case and Arthur
H. Barendt was his attorney. The Su
preme Court held all Jhe bond issues
illegal.
Holds Corporations Responsible.
A jury In Judge Hunt's court yes
terday awarded Francisco Pi«acreta
$750 damages against the' Southern
Pacific and United Railroads for s ln
juries received by him last September
at Sunnyside crossing in a collision
between an electrc car and a railroad
train. He sued for $10,000.
Reduced rates on household goods to.& from
the Eut A South. Bckln's, 11 Montgomery su *
EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF
THE CITIZENS' ALLIANCE
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Herbert George, the originator of the
Citizens' Alliance, has accepted an of
fer to come to San Francisco to act as
the executive officer of the Citizens'
Alliance in this city. An item* was pub
lished yesterday to the effect that Col
onel John P. Irish had been invited to
hold the position of executive officer,
but that he had declined. This is con
firmed by Leon Sloss, who also says
that Herbert George has accepted a
proposition that has been made to him.
He will assume his new position as
soon as he can make his arrangement".
Herbert George has been recently In
San Francisco. He conceived the idea
of forming the Citizens' Alliance, so
he has publicly stated, as the result
of a controversy between striking min
ers and the owners of mines in Colo
rado. He proceeded to form a new or
ganization on the basis of methods that
had been adopted by trades unions,
with individual membership.cards, etc.,
as described by him in interviews for
the newspapers and as he also has as
serted in public speeches. He organized
the Citizens' Alliance in San Francisco
and has also formed branches of the
same body in other localities in Cali
fornia. He. is th.e principal stockholder
in the Union Mining and Fluxing Com
pany, having quarries in Colorado
Utah and Wyoming. He It. the pro
prietor and editor of a weekly paper
that is published by him in Denver
the majn purpose of which appears to
be to give information publicly about
the Citizens' Alliance.
Some very swell wedding Invitations comi
irom Knowlrs 24 Second t>treet. Main 693. •
Registration in Progress.
Registrar Adams is mailing notices
to voters that pursuant V> law a new
and complete registration of all voters
is in progress at the City Hall. Such
registration is good for two years and
will cover all elections held- in the
years 1904 and 1905. All previous
registrations have been canceled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THESE REMARKABLE VALUES ON
=^SALE TO-DAY
I . We have prepared five record-breaking items for to-day's special tell- B
fm Ing 1 . We ask you to see them, for you'll be convinced that the values are fej
HI extraordinary. ' • FJ
fg a sale OF a GINGHAM SALE E
I *i P i^S *i>, 2500 YARDS MADRAS 6INGHAM, |
« These silks- are re- UML The 10c Quality for />*ir* jj
H tailed in every promt- . A genuine treat for ft^**^ 8R
B nent store at- 85c a Yard those who are looking for \J§A ft
ra yard, but our New York buyer made choice, new and pretty C'
fa a fortunate purchase, petting them Ginghams. The regular 10c kind K
a under price; that's why WE offer i n prettiest stripes, checks and 9
II them underprlce. They come in the plain colorings.. An immense vari- E
Fi following ,shades: White, Cream, ety to choose from. On sale for to- PJ
v& L.ight Blue,. Pink, Nile and Black. day only at .6 3-4c yard n
■ Remember the 85c quality on sale p
I to-day. .......«8cayard BIG SALE OF 1
|..$l.25and$!.5ODRESSINGSUQl)ES, wrm SILK WAISTS AT I
| Fine AlI-Wool Eider- m*g\f> J™"-? ~ "- ~ I
H down Dressing Sacques Jj *-SB» _ One of our famous £t%f% OO I
H that were $1.25 and ■ £ X^ST Silk-Waist Offerings. • ,Mn E
1(3 51.50 each to be closed Eaeh These just arrived in \Wtol P
fa out to-day. They, are prettily ap- time for to-day's sale. . /T F»eh ft
rjj pllqued and ribbon trimmed and ;A choice-lot of Ladles' India SllK P
II como in colors of Pink, Light Blue, Waists in White and Black in ex- ft
H Red and Gray To close at. quisito hemstitched effects. Sizes r
gj .. .7Oc each ; 32 to 44. * Actual value $4.50. jvji
1 f" Greatest of Ribbon Sales. I
i 600 Pieces 20c and 25c Ribbon at j/|r |
£3 A remarkable Ribbon offering. They are prices to com- ||Hr H
H pel attention, to compel interest — to compel business. Rib-. Ttro m
|3 , bons that are in greatest demand now. Soft and very lustrous Satin g|
H Taffeta Ribbon. 3 1 /- inches wide, an elegant quality; colors of White. «M
ta Cream, Light Blue, Pink, Cardinal and. Black; absolutely worth 20c and H
N On sale to-day • ...... .... • • '. • . . .14c yardj W
Q . ... . ; ._.,-,• -..-■..-... .-■• • .-•■ --*■■' -•■- : -- ' ■'■ -'..; r.^,-~ ■ ■ ■ - ■ B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Cooling and Cleansing
the Blood and promoting
digestion, assimilation, and
elimination, are the foun-
dation cure in severe cases
of torturing, disfiguring
humors of the skin.
47* Complete local and constitutional treat-
ment, consisting of Ccticura Soap, Oint-
mhxt, and Pills, may now be had of all
druggists lor One Dollar.
§ BENQUIAT'S f
SUMPTION
© OF o
% BEGINS TO-DAY g
© Thousands of people took advantage tt>
6) of Exhibition Day yesterday at Ben- Q
$3 Kulat'sRuR Sale, Words of admiration £
a were on every lip. As a whole, the a
X visitors were astounded at the quantity Jf
® and quality or. the exhibit. " **
J* The sale proper opens *J
© To- Day at 1:30 p. m. ©
J (Evening Sale at 7:30 o'clock) and con- ®
© tinues during the week as follows: O
• THURSDAY, 1:30 and 7:30 p. m. 9
9 FRIDAY, 1 :30 p. m. only. Q
A SATURDAY. 7:r»0 p. m. only. Q
a The ru'ks may be eeen any day a
Jjf before the hours of sale. J*
§ See the KING OF RUGS. IS
© A World-Renowned Specimen, ©
0 worth the time of any one to go Q
and see. . <Q
5 EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO., ?
«J Auctioneers. •
A SALE WHICH KEEPS THE PUB
LIC GUESSING.
Why the Store Is Continually Crowded
Since the great retiring sale in furni
ture, -carpets, draperies, etc., has com
menced at Pattosien Company, corner Six
teenth and Mission streets, the store has
been and is continually crowded with bar
gain seekers. Some cannot understand
why it is so, considering the dull times
just now. The fact is. people are now
saving $40 on every $100 invested. They
therefore deem it advisable to buy now,
even if they cannot use the articles for
a few months to come. •
Seeks Damages for Alleged Libel.
Organized Labor, a paper published
by the Organized Labor Publishing
Company, is the defendant in a suit
for $5000 damages for libel filed yes
terday by William Hopps, a painter.
He says he was damaged irreparably
by the publication in the sheet of an
article announcing that he, with a
number of others, had been suspended
from the Painters' Union.
Exposition Special.
Ono of our $6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.50. A. B. Smith Co.. 1S2
Ellis st •
Many Persons Are Aided.
At a meeting of Particular Council,
Society of St. Paul, held recently f the
following report of the year's work
was made by the secretary: Confer
ences reporting to Particular Council,
12; subscribing members. 481; fam
ilies relieved, 874; persons helped,
2762; visits made, 2418; receipts,
$5157 38; expenditures, $5492 05.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam helps from
the first dose, cures In a' day. 25c, x 50c. •
Gymnasium Nlffht.
An entertainment will be given by
the gymnasium committee of the
Young Men's Hebrew Association to
morrow evening in the gymnasium of
the society at 1974 Page street.
We direct special attention to
our elegant stock of new Novelty
Silks for Spring and Summer wear.
Commencing MondaUi February 15th, we
will show a most complete assortment of all
the newest effects in Fancu Silks suitable for
the popular SHIRT WAIST SUITS, which will
he the leading style for the coming season.
The variety includes the leading colorings in
checked and striped Louisines, Taffetas and
Armure weaves, also neat small designs in
monotone and mottled effects, We have also
received a very large variety of styles and
dualities in Pongee Silks, both in the natural
and fancy weaves, also embroidered dot effects
on natural color grounds. We will show about
100 styles of the above silks, 19 (TM fin
and, 20 inches wide, all color- \ h^y
ings, at special value \4/±uara,
We have also received a very large ship-
ment of best dualities black and colored
Taffeta Silks and Panne Velvets in all the
new shades.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
19920 *^sam*^^J/<Jj
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
SAYS HIS FINE
WAS UNLAWFUL
Angelo Brizzolara Sues the
Justice of the Peace and
a Constable • of Sausalito
The suit of Angelo Brizzolara, an
Italian laborer, against Justice of the
Peace J. H. Prior, and i Constable J.
Hannon of Sausallto, which has been
commenced in the United States Circuit
Court, is likely to develop into interest
ing litigation. Brizzolara was sum
moned as a juror in a trial pending
before the Justice and refused to at
tend, informing the constable that he
was not a citizen of the country. A
bench warrant brought him before
Prior and the latter imposed a fine of
$3 for contempt of court. Brizzolara
paid the money and now wants the
Justice and the constable to pay him
$2000 damages. .
According to the complaint filed by
the plaintiff in the case he was ap
proached by Constable Hannon on De
cember 22 of last year and ordered to
appear for jury duty in an action that
had been brought in the Sausalito
township. He informed the official that
he was a citizen of Italy and conse
quently disqualified as a juror in this
land. He failed to attend the case and
Justice Prior issued an attachment, on
which he was arrested and taken into
court. After being found guilty of con
tempt he was given the alternative of
paying a fine or remaining ten days
in jail. He paid the cash and now
alleges that he was unjustly fined and
asks that monetary restitution be made.
Attorney Charles A. Garter, who ap
pears for the defendants, filed an an
swer yesterday, saying that malicious
prosecution, as the complaint would in
dicate, could not be proven. It Is his
contention that Brizzolara should have
obeyed the . spmmons and made what
ever explanation he had to make to
the Judge himself. Instead of parleying
over the matter with the constable.
RETIRING AND INCOMING
OFFICERS GIVEN A DINNER
Generals Stone and Lanck Enter
tained by General Warfleld, Com
mander of Second Brigade.
General R. H. Warfleld. command
ing the Second Brigade, National
Guard of California, gave a dinner last
evening at the California Hotel in
honor of the incoming and the retiring
adjutant general of the State. Generals
J. B. Lauck and George Stone. All
the forces composing the brigade were
represented around the tables and in
cluded, besides the host and the guests
of honor. Colonel O'Neil, Hayes and
Bergin, Lieutenant Colonel Connolly,
Majors Bush, Fillmer, McCreagh,
Robertson. Poulter, Smith, Haven.
Howell. Perkins and Hendy and Cap
tains Emerson Warfleld and Philip
Bush. •
Several speeches were made, in
which the past services of General
Stone were referred to in a most com
plimentary manner and were followed
by happy references to the new adju
tant general, whose executive ability,
developed out of long experience with
the National Guard of the State, is ex
pected to prove of much value to him,
as well as the military organization,
in his/ future administration of the af
fairs of the office which he has just
accepted from the hands of the gov
ernment. ."33SR8
Governor Pardee and Major General
Dickinson, who were invited to attend
the dinner, sent letters expressing
their regret over their inability to
do so.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will Give Grand Ball.
.The Chevis Kadisha. will frive s hn.ll
and entertainment in Lyric Hall Sun
day evening. The returns at the even
ing are to go toward purchasing
funeral parlors for the society in this
city.
" "' ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEDDING invi-
tations and mar-
riage announcements.
Reception and visit-
ing cards.
Heraldic and Book-
plate engraving.
Exclusive styles in
Monograms and writ-
ing paper.
SHREVE&CO.
Post on Market Street.
IL* Candies
W Chocolates W
V. Bonbons Jl
Given Away Free
. With
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
It Pays to
„ Trade at
Great American Importing Tea Go's
Stores
861 Market 210 Grant a». 1419 PoTTc
1«1 Sixth 1S19 Derisadexv 7C5 Larkin
475 Haiffht 3COS Sixteenth 355 Hayes
S2S5Mi«sion 521 Mont^'y it«. 62 Market
2008 Flllmore 2516 Mission 148 Ninth
366 Third 2732 »4th 4v> Fourth H
■ 1^t
[Seed Talk?
Complete and reliable informa-
tion and advice on seeds planting
; etc., in onr new, amply and beauti-
fully illustrated annual catalogue.
1004.
Mailed free oa request.
Ui ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND
r GARDEN.
Fruit Trees and Ornamental PUms
COX SEED CO.
• «ll. 413. 4IC 8sni«m« Strevt.
Hi MAN FRANCISCO ,
Srk 9 8 R 9 £Ph Ammunition Huntlnr and
S'aBn^V eportlns Oooda. Uir*,^
111 liw «toclc. Lowest-price*. Saa4
UUlV^ tHUSVE * U BARBSR CO.
TM Market »i. aad 334
_ Jt«aray M.