TES WUATHTilt.
roresaet mtde at San rraa
cisco Icr thirty Sioura endlasr
mifiaUrfct. February 6:
San Fraacisco aal vlcinitr —
Clearing-: cold.er Saturday; light
I frosts ia the morninsr; lUrht
■ ccrtii wind.
A. Q. J.1CADIE,
j Uiitrict rcrecaiter.
VOLUME XCV-NO. OS.
RUSSIA PREPARES TO INVADE KOREA;
ARTILLERY GUARDING THE BRIDGES
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. £ — All the railroad bridges are guarded, and bridges over the Sungari River are defended
by infantry, artillery and boats. A military post has been established on the highway from Liangyang to Antung, in
anticipation of an advance toward Korea. The railway is almost entirely at the disposal of the commissariat, in order to al
low the free passage of troops later, when their movement is urgent.
SURVEYING
CORPS MAPS
OUT ROUTE
Proposed Course of
New Road From
Salt Lake.
Will Follow the Valley of
the Feather River in
California.
Little Doubt That Gould Is the Con
trolling Fofrcr in the Western
Pacific Company.
Frwcim! Virpttch to Th* Ca.ll
SALT LAKE, Feb. 5.— TJiere is no
Icnstr any doubt here that George
ciou'd's drecm of controlling a trans
continental railroad from oeeaa to
ocean is about to be realized. It is
practically conceded that Gould is the
directing genius behind the V.'estern
Pacific, which yesterday filed a mort
gage to secure, bends for JiiO.OOO.OOO pre
liminary to beginning active operations.
There are many things that point to
tiould as the controlling power of the
new iin**, winch is to give San Fran
cisco and Salt Lake another connecting
railroad. Gould's chief consulting en
gineer, Virgil G. Bogue. has directed
the work of the many surveyors who
for more than a year past have been
f :;gage3 in laying out the route of the
lea.t from Salt Lake to the coast.
Other men identified close!? with the
Gould interests have had a hand in the
j-reliminary proceeding?. In preparation
for the coming- of the 'Western Pacific,
Gould's Rio Grande system recently
asked for franchises for additional
Hack room. 1 dopot sites and a site for
large shops in this city.
SURVEY IS COMPLCTED.
The work of the surveyors is said to
be practically complete, and actual
construction is expected to begin with
in a very short time. So far everything
connected with the enterprise has
moved quietly, but swiftly and ef
fectively, ample capital being in evi
dence for all purposes.
The plans for the line between this
city and San Francisco include a pro
ject of bridging Great Salt Lake at
s< me point, supposed to be at the
Eouthnestern end of the lake. A grade
probably will be constructed through
Itie shallow waters. Soundings and
surveys have been made for a cut-of£
across the lake in the vicinity of Gar
field, along the • lines of the Ogden-
Lucin cut-off, but nothing has been de
cided on this point, as the experience
cf the Southern Pacific with the quick-
Fsnds and quagmires has not been en
couraging.
ROUTE TO BE FOLLOWED.
The route of the Western Pacific from
Salt Lake to San Francisco after leav
ing th* lake runs through Skull Valley
and crossei Cedar Mountains and the
Great American Desert, thence running
via Dutch Mountain to Ruby Lake. To
this :>oint there are no engineering dif
ficulties, the maximum grade' being IK
per cent! At Narrow Gap Pass the line
crosses the Eureka and Palisade Rail
road, a feeder of the Southern Pacific.
It crosses the Reese River at Jacobs
viilc and the Fhoshone range at New
Pass. Thence it will descend Into the
Ilumboldt Valley and pass to the north
cf CarsoTl Lake. From Wadsworth,
where the Southern Pacific will be
crossed, the grado rises to Beckwith
Pass, seventy m:l<<= distant. Thence the
road will follow the Feather River in
California.
Tho total length will be about SO0
mi'es. A country immensely rich in
minerals wiiT be onenr-d.
Skull Valley, which contains quartz
deposits of high srade. has never been
developed heretofore owing to the im
pbssibtUljr of getting the ore to the
Frr.clters:
Suffers an Llpllepllc! Fit.
LONDON. Feb. Z.— Mr. Williams
Unionist Liberal member of Parlia
ment from K:>uth Birmingham), for
merly FJnswtaJ S«vrotary t o the War
O.*!icp, suffered an cniTepti«- Mt to-day
in tbo House of Commons. He was
romnvH to a hospital. His condition
is Bcrious.
The San Francisco Call.
CUBA SHOWS
HER LACK OF
GRATITUDE
New Tarifl Disas
trous to This
Country.
HAVANA, Feb. 5.— President Palma's
decree increasing the rates of customs
duties was promulgated to-day and
will take effect to-morrow.
The new rates are considered more
favorable to European importers than
to American. The latter hoped that a
30 per cent increase, which is the maxi
mum rate allowed by Congress, would
have been placed on goods like linens,
which the United States cannot manu
facture in competition with Europe, but
which they could hope to substitute to
some extent with cotton. The Ameri
cans also hoped for a more radic;iJ in
crease in the duties on cottons, \\Tiich
would have enabled goods from the
United States to compete, with the ad
vantage of reciprocity, against British
and European cottons. The President's
decree fixes the increase on linens, silks
and woolens at 15 per cent and that on
cotton at 20 per cent. — K
Under President Palma's decree the
maximum increases of 20 per cent are
placed on all the main food imports
from the United States, among these
being poultry, game, hams, fresh meats
of all kinds, butter, cheese, eggs, all
grains, flour, vegetables and fruits.
BATTERY IX BATTLESHIP
IOWA IS BADLY DAMAGED
Both Guns In the Starboard Forward
Turret Blow Off Their Muzzles
• • While Being Tested.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— Captain
Train, president of the board of Inspec
tion and survey, telegraphed to-day to
the Navy Department from. Fort Mon
roe that while the board of inspection
was testing the battery, on the battle
ship Iowa both guns in the starboard
forward eight-inch turret blew off their
muzzles. No damage was done except
to the guns and one whaleboat.
Immediately on receipt of the tele
gram Secretary Moody sent a dispatch
calling for full details and ordering. the
Iowa to proceed at once to New York
for examination and repairs.
Immigration Station for This .City.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— The House
to-day passed the billprovidingr for the
erection of an immigration station at
the port of San Francisco.' '
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1904.
Russian r leet to
Assemble at
Chemulpo.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
TOK1O, Friday, Feb. 5.
— (Copyrighted by the
New York World)— It is
reported that M. Pavloff,
Russian Minister to IQo*
rea, has threatened that
a Russian fleet will as>
semble at Chemulpo. The
Russian fleet at Vladu
vostok is again prepan
ing to sail. The ice is
partially melted. It is es»
Unrated that the strength
of the Russians opposite
Wiju is 7OOO men. In of'
ficial and wellnnformed
financial circles the situa*
tion is now regarded as
hopeless.
CHEFU, Friday, Feb.
5. — Throughoutthe cruise
of the 'Russian fleet two
days ago the ships were
cleared ' for action and
the gunners stayed <at
SCENES IN WAR -DISTRICT,
AND , PORTRAIT OF ;RUS
SIA'S. WAR MINISTER.
their posts all the time in
expectation of fighting.
JAPANESE WOMEN IX .
KOREA" ARE WARNED' TO
FLEE TO/ SAFE HAVEN
Special Cable., to . The Call - and , New . Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New.rork
Herald Publishing .Company. ;-
SEOUL, Feb. 5. — The small, party
of Russian- soldiers- mentioned *in — a
dispatch last Friday . as having, en
tered Korea near -Samsoo passed
Chasung on Wednesday, about. 160
miles farther west on the Yalu
River. Russia evidently; is .renewing
her* examination of ,' the /Korean, side
of. Yalu. - ■ * • -.'..• ■ ■'.;■ ' ;
J) The Japanese Ministenin^Kbrea'has
modified this morning's order, to Jap
anese . , residents at . Sotiching. ; ', He
says ; the 1 men : may for the
present, - but ; the Vqmenl and f chil drcri
must leave', immediately. '-All'rjapan
ese-residents,"in tWiju # 'arc^ordered\ to
leaveVas quickly as 'possible. "
VST. PETERSBUR&~FGb;:5.^Thc
Vladivostok Fleet
Is Preparing
to Sail.
Japs are fleeing panic-stricken," cables
the Vladivostok correspondent of the
Novoe Vremya, "and Japanese store
keepers are sacrificing all "their pos
sessions in their haste to escape ' to
'Japan. Cases of oranges are selling
for. 5 cents and furniture is being lit
erally given away. They are
cally ruining themselves in their hurry
to get away before the" outbreak of
war."
RAILROAD , ACROSS THE ICE.
A semi-official dispatch received
here from Irkutsk. says: "Telcgraphie
orders have been. received here to for
ward immediately to Baikal a consign
ment of rails sufficient to lay thirty
miles of track, with all necessary ma
terial for the construction work. This
order must be executed .before the ar
rivalbf Prince Khilkoff, Russian Min
ister of * Railroad Communication, who
is ; expected on February" io. . Lake
Baikal is frozen oveY from January to
the first: part of May. The proposal
has been made' to move passengers
across the : lake by means of a tempo
rary railroad on ice.
: LONDON, Feb. 6.— The dispatches
this morning from all points. are more
pessimistic.-. -The Tientsin corre
spondent'of the Standard reports that
the, railway authorities are still bring
ingVall ..the rolling stock ..inside/; the
'great wallowing .to^the^ uncertainty,
of Russian movements, .and the Rus
sians have . , prohibited ; the Japanese
Continued ! on Page 3, Column 1.
THE ' THEATEE3.
Alcazar — "A Cclonial\f itLT^. J
California — "The ESeralU^Cfty.^
Central — "East Lyxme." \^"" v
\Ciutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Chinese Eoney
mccs."
Fischer's — "The Beauty Shcp."
Grant — "Iiort Eiver."
Crphemn — TccdevUle.
Tivoli — "When Jolmay Cornea
Marchiasr Home."
Matinees at All Theaters To-
Day.
NET LOSS
TO SCHWAB
ENORMOUS
Shipyard Trust Set
. dement Costs Him
■ $12,000,000.
NEW, YORK, Feb. 5. — All interests
in the United States Shipbuilding im
broglio are now -taking a breathing
spell. Complete assent to the new plan
foripeace is not yet positively assured.
The foreclosing of the New York Se
curity and Trust Company's mortgage
for $10,000,000 and the Mercantile
Trust Company's mortgage for $16,
000,000 will wipe off the slate two
great incumbrances on the properties.
In this connection Wall street began
to figure to-day what Schwab loses by
the reorganization plan, as compared
with the original Sheldon reorganiza
tion plan of last May. figuring his
9,000,000 shares of preferred stock at
75 gives $6,750,000 and his common
6,000.000 at 25 yields $1,500,000, mak
ing a total of $8,250,000. His Bethle
hem plant, which under the new plan
he turns over to the reorganizes, rep
resents a purchase price of $7,246,000,
on which there is accumulated interest
on his investment of $500,000 for
twelve months and^urplus earnings
estimated at $1,500,000. These figures
aggregate $9,246,000. Deducting from
this $8,250,000 leaves a Shrinkage of
his values of $996,000.
Bethlehem is rated to-day as worth
$10, 000, 000, with accumulated profits
of $4,000,000. To-day Schwab's hold
ings may be set down at $8,250,000,
or $11,750,000 less than the Sheldon-
Pam-Schwab plan contemplated.
SAVAGE TIEREROS MURDER
TWO GOVERNMENT EMPLOYES
Authorities at Windhoek. German
Southwest Africa, Cable News of
Additional Atrocities to- Berlin.
BERLIN, 'Feb. 5.— Telegraphic com
munication with Windhoek, German
Southwest Africa, has been restored.
The authorities there cable that the
Hereros murdered Assistant Director
Hopener.of the Colonial Bureau and
Ilerr Watermcyer, an agricultural ex
pert. No Information regarding the
fate of Herr Muellendorff, the Cologne
Gazette's correspondent, and Dr. Ber
ger,-the.forestry expert, has been ob
tained by. the authorities. Both\of
these rnen arc reported to have been
murdered
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DOMINICAN
REBELS FIRE
ON LAUNCH
Kill Engineer oi an
.American Naval
V6SSG1.
Cruiser Yankee Is Ordered
tto Avenge tire Insult
> to the Flag.
Marines Will Be landed to Protect
' Foreigners in the Capital of
the Republic.
Special Disratch to The Call.
SAX DOMINGO, Feb. 1.— The insur
gents this" morning 'deliberately fired
upon the launch of the auxiliary cruiser
Yankee, killing J. C. Johnston, the cn
gfneer. The bullet entered his head
above the eye. v.Y/
United States Minister Powell has di
rected the captain of the Yankee to
take drastic measures to avenge John
ston's death and the insult to . the
American flag. Johnston will be buried
on shore this afternoon.
SAN DOMINGO, Wednesday, Feb. 3.
—The funeral of J. C. Johnston, the
engineer of the Yankee launch, who
was deliberately killed by the ipsur
gents on Monday, took place this morn
ing. The body was escorted to its
grave, in the Santa Barbara Cemetery,
by a detachment of marines, blue
jackets and officers from the Yankee,
headed by the ship's band. There were,
in all, 100 men from the cruiser in ths
cortege. Minister Powell, the Ameri
can Consul and Vice-Consul, 'and
nearly all the diplomatic and consular
representatives here went to the
funeral. The provisional Government
sent a detachment of troops to act as
an escort. The flag3 over the Govern
ment buildings and the various consu
lates were at half-mast. The coffin was
covered with wreaths of flowers, ope
of which had been sent by the German
Consulate, on behalf of Emperor Will
iam, while others were from the Ameri
can legation, the American Consulate,
etc. The streets of the city were
thronged with people as the funeral
procession passed, and there were
many expressions of sorrow at John
ston's death.
Great surprise is expressed by the
foreigners here, especially by the
Americans, that the commander of the
Yankee has not yet demanded satis
faction for .this Inexcusable act and
for the firing upon the American flag
by the insurgents.
There was heavy firing all day all
around the city. A German steamship
from Europe was obliged to leave the
port with her cargo on board because
the crews of the lighters refused tt>
work, on account of being exposed to
the insurgents firing from across the
river.
All the houses outside the city walla
have been pillaged. The insurgents are
desperate and are destroying foreign
property wherever they find it. Powell
has received urgent appeals to protect
foreign property against this pillaging,
and the Columbia will land marines to
do so.
JAVA VOLCANO
IS IN ERUPTION
AMSTERDAM. Feb. 5- — Advices re
ceived here say that an- entire town in
the east end of Java, Dutch East \ In
dies, is reported to have been engulfed
by a volcanic eruption of lava and that
hundreds of persons were killed.
The Colonial Office later received a
dispatch from the Governor of the
Dutch East Indies reporting the erup
tion of the volcano of llerapi. in the
island of Java, and saying twelve per
sons were burred to death and that
twenty were severely . injured. The
eruption was accompanied by shower*2
MOURN AT BIER
OF DEAD FRIEND
Many Men of National Promi
nence Attend Funeral of For
mer Secretary of the Navy
SIMPLE CHURCH SERVICE
Body Is Conveyed by a Special
Train to Woodlawn Cemetery
for Burial in Family Plat
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— Funeral ser
vices over th?? remains of William Col
lir.s Whitney, former Secretary of' the
.Navy and prominent financier and
turfman, were held here to-day at
Grace Episcopal Church. The Rev- Dr.
William R. Huntington. the rector, con
ducted the service. Bshop Doane of Al
bany also participating. In the assem
biatro which filled the church were
many men of the highest prominence
in Now York and the United States
end scores of employes of the corpora
tions with which Whitnej- had been
connected.
Seventy pews in the center of the
church were reserved for the family and
relatives, intimate friends, representa
tives of the armjr and navy, and busi
ness associates, the rest of the church
being thrown open to the general pub
lic, crowds of whom had gathered be
fore the hour set for the services.
Of the immediate family only Mrs.
Paget, a daughter, was absent, being
unable to return from Italy in time for
the funeral.
The honorary pall-bearers were
Grover Cleveland.. EHhu Root. Thomas
F. Ryan, J. Pierpont Morgan. Thomas
Dolan. Grant B. Schley. P. A. B. Wide
ner. H. MoK. Twombly, Colonel Wil
liam Jay and G- G. Haven, but Morgan
was unable to attend and his place
was taken by H. H. Vreeland. \
Major General Henry C. Corbin and
Kear Admiral Frederick Rogers, in uni- !
form, represented the army and navy,
and Mayor McClellan the city govern
ment.
At the conclusion of the service the
remains were conveyed by a special
train to Woodlawn Cemetery* for inter
ment in ihc family 'plat.
Kcm Applies to Supreme Court
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 5 — The
icounty of Kern has applied to the Su
preme Court in the suit brought by
Justice of the Peace Millard to col
lect fees for services under the old
law innead of a fixed salary of 512 5
a month given him under the county
government act. His attorneys con
tended that the act is unconstitu
tional. The appeal was taken on a
demurrer, which was overruled in the
Superior Court and a further defense
was made.
Grand Arm \ Commander Black Is 111
WASHINGTON, Feb. •.— General
John C. Black, chairman of the United
States Civil S-ervice Commission and
commander in chief of the Grand Army
of the Republic, is seriously ill here. He
has overtaxed his strength and is suf
fering from partial collapse.
Antediluvian Remains.
An Indian Territory exchange says
there is a ridge of land in the Osage
Nation covered with carloads of ante
diluvian remains. The collection of
petrified bones covers several acres and
it is estimated that about 100 carloads
if the story remains of prehistoric ani
mals are lying on the "hogback." Most
cf the preserved relics of a long past
period are larger than the skeletons of
the present elephants and several of
the bbnes are still white. A local scien
tist suggests that the animals fled to
the ridge to escape a flood and died
there. — New York Tribune.
"Every man has some fad," said the
quiet man. "Mine is minding my own
business." "Ah. I zee," rejoined the
philosophical person. "You are one of
those monopolists we read so much
about." — Chicago .News.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I - '- IB I* j- \' ':"■'• "*' '." " ]
h YUU WILL tf
I BUY A PIANO
t] If you come to H
U cur warerooms |J
I 931-933 MA'KET STREET. ' 1
l| We bought for a Ittmp ||
|| sum the business of. the B
!| Zeno Mauvais Music Co. IJ
j] — hundreds of pianos — S
U and to-day we offer me- rf
B dium and high grade ffl
\i piancc on easy terms at M
I 1 almost half their real II
I Wiley B. Allen Co, 1
PROMISE HELP
TO ROOSEVELT
3Iembers of National Republi
can Editorial Association In
dorse Him for Presidency
SYMPATHIZE WITH HAXXA
Nation's Chief Addresses Visit
ing Newspaper Men and Com
pliments Them on Their Work
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— The Nation
al Republican Editorial Association at
its meeting to-day unanimously passed
a resolution strongly indorsing Presi
dent Roosevelt for the nomination for
the Presidency and pledging the best
efforts, of the association to that end.
A resolution offered oy Thomas P.
Peters of the Brooklyn Times, express
ing the sympathy of the association
with Senator Hanna in his serious ill
ness, was adopted.
President Roosevelt attended the aft
ernoon session of the association and
was given a hearty welcome. Being
called up for a speech he said:
I need hardly to say how Klad I am to wel
come you here to Washington, and I am sure
al*o that it is almost unnecessary fortn« to
express my realizing sense of the imjShrtance
of the work that you do. In the proper sense
of the term, no man is more essentially a pub
lic servant than the editor, the man who In
the public press not merely gives the news,
but exercises eo great a control over the
thought of our country. And in speaking to
you as my fellow Republicans I wish you to
know how every man here in Washington who
is Ft riving to do what in him lies to serve his
party or make that party yerve the country
realizes the dependence upon you and these
like you throughout this land for making his
purpose effective. It is upon your interpreta
tion of ti'.e acts done here that we must de
pend for having these acts received at their
proper worth b> tl;e people as a whole. I feel
v«ry strongly that what we need is simply to
have the exact truth\told, to have what we
have dene set forth as it has been done and
to have our purposes interpreted In the light
not merely of our words, but cf our deeds:
and you know that that is all we need and to
mwi that need we depend absolutely upon
you. Feeling this as I do, it is in no per
functory manner that I greet you and thank
you for coming here.
WHITE PACERS
TO BE HUNTED
Kaiiriimcn of Southern Utah
"Will Make Concerted Attempt
to Capture Famed Horses
Special Dispatch to The Call
SALT LAKE, Feb. 7.— Strangest of
all equine bands, the "white pacers"
of the southern range, are doomed to
captivity or extermination. The ranch
men of Southern Utah, Western Ne»
vada and a small strip of Arizona' hav*
passed sentence on this remarkable
aggregation of wild horses that for
seven years excited the'greates*t*ihter
est, but which has so far: mocked . ev
ery effort at capture.
A few weeks ago the stockman* of
the border country engaged in a wild
horse hunt— a raid of extermination on
the wild mustangs that have become a
pest of the range. Many ofthe animals
were killed, but the "white pacers"
escaped the general slaughter for two
very good reasons — the hunters did not
come across this particular band, and,
even if the opportunity had presented
itself, no attempt to kill them would
have been made. The ranchmen have
for years cherished the hope of some
day capturing some of the beautiful
animals, and for this reason none have
ever been shot. Individual attempts to
take them, however, have always sig
nally failed, and now an organized and
determined effort Is to be made. Plans
have been carefully made with a full
knowledge of the habits of the quarry
and the nature of the country, and it
is hoped that a dozen or more of the
coveted eo^uincs will be taken. If it is
necessary a number of the horses will
be killed in order to make the work
of capturing the others easier. The
decision of the ranVhmen is to capture
or exterminate the entire band.
Unlike the ordinary "scrub" mus
tang of the ranges, whose presence is
an abomination to the ranchers, the
milch-desired white beauties are of
magnificent build and swift as the
famed, steeds of the Arabian desert.
They are all of the same hue — white —
ar.d have long manes and tails of the
same color. In speed they easily out
strip the ranch horses. A strange fea
ture is that they are all pacers. Very
seldom have they been known to break
into a run, and then only for a short
distance, soon relapsing into the long,
swift stride that appears to be their
natural gait. The ranchmen believe
that some of these animals . can be
trained to become great racehorses.
There are supposed to be about 100 in
this band. - , ■
A great stallion, of magnificent pro
portions. i3 the leader, of this equine
family— for family it certainly Is—
and he is described as an animal of
remarkable beauty, j At the head of
the band this stallion has led his fol
lowers' in , wild dashes over the hills
when pursued by the ranchers, and the
pace was so rapid that the hunters
were soon compelled to desist. Just
now these horses are reported to be
ranging along the Colorado River. In
the summer they come up into Utah.
It is now planned to effect their cap
ture, or at least the capture of some
of the band, by having a number) of
parties act in concert and drive the
horses into a trap— probably into some
box canyon.
Immortelles for Wreaths.
The manufacture of Immortelle
wreaths in Paris occupies at least fif
teen hundred persons. The immortelles
are gathered about the beginning of
October and come chiefly from the arid
hills in th« middle and south of France.
They are brought to the markets In
their natural condition and the yellow
blossoms are dyed green, red and white
and woven /into wreaths by special
workmen in readiness for AH Saints'
and AH Souls' days, when all good
Parisians visit their relatives' graves.
On these "fetes .des morts" the gatea
of the cemeteries are bese*t with crowds
of dealers in immortelle wreaths, wire
crosses and bead crowns. At Pere la
Chaise alone more than two hundred
thousand persons are calculated to visit
the/emetery. and the sale of immortelle
wreaths varies from 20,000 to 25,000.—
The Golden Penny.
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1904.
SPRING TRADE
IS IRREGULAR
Improvement at the South and
West Finds Little Response
in the Large Eastern Cities
BIG RAILWAY EARNINGS
Progress Is Slow in Imri and
Steel Industry and Little
New Business Is Recorded
NEW YORK. Feb. j>.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade to-mor
! row will say:
■ Sensational fluctuations in the great staples
' were the features of the week, cotton and cof
fee attaining new high records for the sfeaaoru .
but subsequently declinine sharply, while
I grain advanced. . ■
Trade reDorm are irregular, improvement at
' the South and West finding little resDonee' at
. the laree Eastern cities. Persistent low. tem
perature :s providing a good demand for
; heavy wearing apparel and increasing the diffl
; cultlea of transDortation. Spring buyers are
I arriving In large number, with noteworthy
eagerness to secure cotton goods, even at the
enhanced prices.
Railway earnings for January averaged 7
• per cent larger than in 1003.
j Progrese is slow in the iron and steel indus
try, n-?w business coming forward reluctantly.
Several dispatches regarding large contra,cta
cannot be confirmed, and it is usually fpund
that the statements refer to old orders, -while
. the figure!!., uf... tonnage prove . much smaller
than Indicated. Conditions continue quiet, pros
pective purchasers procrastinating in the hope
of, more attractive terms. - In several Unea it
ifhae , not proved possible to maintain price
■ agreements, some Droducers making special
rates, and , the season opens with the prospect
that there will be an open market for cotton
ties. A bcttqr outlook is reftprted for etruct- j
, ural steel. *i
DECREASE I?f FAILURES.
! Just whfn buyers of cotton Eoods were be
■ ginning to exhibit a pronounced disposition to
■ place more liberal orders, the collapse In the
i raw material oroduced hesitation. Consumers
, have reduced suDDlles in the hands of dealers
: to a point that necessitated replenishing, and
J ths Inquiries for prtmot shipment were ex
panding, but It Is natural that the market
should become uncertain when the- prices for
goods are very high and raw cotton declines
$'i a bale in a single day. Notwithstanding ;
! this lnterruDtion. a better volume of trade, is
I in preETess, and It is recognized that gooda
, were by no means on a parity with raw ma
j terial «t Its zenith. New England eloe man
ufacturers have ample business in eight, but
there Is much comolalnt of the scarcity of,
leather and th* increased cost of production.
Failures this week in the United States were
248, against 3C2 last week, 358 the preceding
week and 2W the corresponding week last
year. .
Failures In Canada number 20, against 28
last week, 33 the preceding week and 34 last
year. .. ,,.■.-•
WEATHER AFFECTS TRADE.
Hradstreet's to-morro-w will say:
Weather conditions unfavorably affect trade
and transportation throughout most of the
■West, while widely fluctuating markets of cot-
I ton, coffee and the cereals make the speculative
situation of these staples a matter of concern.
i The feeling grows that a late opening trade
I and conservative buying are to be looked for
! in many lines. Exceptions are to be found at
the South, which reports wholesale trade
active, especially In fertilizers, live stock and
implements, all preparations looking to an im
mense acreage in cotton. Next to this may be.
classed the Southwest, which, despite cold
weather, / reports trade satisfactory for the
season, the outlook good and bank clearings
large. Eastern trade reports arc good as to re
tail winter trade, which is said to have cleaned
up old stocks of goods. As to spring trade,
however. Irregularity is noted.
Wool is firm, with stocks light and 5 to 10
per cent higher prices at London. The Iron
trade shows little change.
(../.j^Vheat. including flour, exports for the week
i-«twllns February 4. aggregate 2.604.226 bushels,
against 2,Q17.602 last week and 3,975,916 this
I week last year.
* Business failures in the United States for
the week ending February 4 number 216,
againEt 242 last week, 208 in the like week In
1903 and 247 in 1902.
' fn Canada failures for the week number 25
against 18 last week and 27 in the same week
a year ago. . _•
REAL WOLVES LOOSE
IN STREETS OF CHICAGO
Captured in Wisconsin and Made Es
cape From Cage In 'Warehouse.
Efforts of voters at recent munici
pal elections to rid the town of "gray
wolves" have been in vain. The gray
wolf is loose in Englewood, three of
him, and barred doors and deserted
streets were the signs last night that
the animals were feared. Four
prairie v wolves escaped from a cage in
"the rear room of the commission
house of Wils«n Harris, 756 West
Sixty-third street, at noon. They had
been captured in Northern Wisconsin
and were consigned to R. G. Mason of
Kirkville, Mo., a dealer in wild ani
mals. Gnawing through the wire net
ting of the big box in which they were
confined, the •, beasts sped through a
door into the alley. Just drawing up
to the building was W. W r . Wilson, a
partner in the business, with a load
of produce. The horse tried to climb
the side of a barn and then tore down
the alley.
Three of the wolves ran east iri
Englewood avenue, while the fourth
crawled under a pile of railroad ties.
This one was captured later by driv
ing out and into a box with boiling
water. A gang of railroad laborers
saw the 1 three beasts approaching and
fied, one man shinning up a telephone
pole. A short distance away H. J.
Smalley and C. W T ood, 756 Englewood
avenue, were walking. : With them
was a coach dog. The dog showed
friendship, and the ne,xt instant a
wolf was trying to eat him up. Mr.
Smalley clubbed the wolf over the
head, and it ceased its attack and ran
into an alley.
Late in the day the police were
notified that two wolves had been
seen at' Eighty-seventh street and
Western avenue, and that a hunting
party had been organized. — Chicago
Record-Herald.
Carious Case In French Court.
In a recent novel Georges Ohnet
called one of the products which his
principal character placed on the mar
ket "a brictonine." He was not aware
at the time that a liquor of that name
actually existed, but its manufacturer
promptly brought an action for dam
ages. The CiviJ Tribunal of the Seine
gave its decision against the novelist.
While It exonerated M. Ohnet from ma
licious intent, it held that ignorance
was no excuse, and that it was the
duty of writers to satisfy themselves
that products to which they Intended
to refer did not exist. In this case,
added the court, M. Ohnet could easily
have consulted the register of trade
marks. . Consequently the court ordered
the passages objected to to be erased
from the book under a penalty of 10
francs a copy- while the plaintiff was
awarded 500 francs damages, and the
right to have the Judgment inserted In
two newspapers. — New York Tribune.
ANTIOCH, Feb. 5. — The hardware store of
J. B. Baker & Co.' and the creneral merchan
dise store of Belshaw & Co. were entered, by
burglars laat nUht. Th«y gained admittance
through side wlrdows and secured about $50
in coin. The amount of merchandise stolen Is
not accurately known. .
A Guaranteed Cure for' Piles.
Itchlr*. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druKRUt will refund money If Paco
Ointment fails to cure you In 6 to U days. We'
SENATOR HANNA
MORE CHEERFUL
Attending 1 ' Physicians Announce
Him to Be Suffering From
, -Attack of Irregular Typhoid
CASE IS^ ONE OF GRAVITY
Medical Men Acknowledge It
Is ; Yet Too Early to Forecast
the Result of . the Sickness
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— Senator
Hanrials -illness is officially announced
by^hlsT;. 'physicians -to be /irregular
typhoid— that -is, typhoid fever, with
the fever symptoms less -regular and
marked than in the pronounced types
of the disease. It is stated that there
are no organic complications to add
to the seriousness of the case; but the
Senator at the time of the attack was
in a literally worn-out condition, so
that his extreme physical ' weakness
and nervous depression; coupled with
his age, .66 years,;- and frequent recent
rheumatic attacks, makes the case one
of much more gravity than an ordinary
attack of typhoid fever of a compara
tively^ mild character. ...... ..... ' ; -■
The. crisis of the fever is not ex
pected before the middle of next week.
The Senator is conscious and to-day
insisted,, on some papers being brought
to him -for his signature, but was so
weak that when he was put off two or
three times he dropped off into slum
ber from exhaustion. He gained con
siderable Vest during the day, but to
an extent his sleep was the result of
his weakness. His physicians to-night
expressed confidence in the Senator's
recovery, but admitted that even if no
complications or unforeseen""develop
ments of any kind occurred recovery
would be .a matter of weeks and will
require meanwhile the most careful
and painstaking nursing. No one save
Mrs. Hanna, Miss Phelps, the Senator's
niece, and Elmer Dover, his secretary,
are permitted to see him, aside \ from,
the physicians and two trained nurses,
of whom one is a typhoid fever expert
from Philadelphia,
CONDITION NOT ALARMING.
President Roosevelt called atjthe Ar
lington Hotel during the day uTinquire
about Senator Hanna's condition.- He
saw Secretary Dover, with whom he
conversed for' ten minutes about the
sick man. The physicians gave. some
consideration to the fact that most of
the Senator's immediate kin are out of
th^city and that several of them are
as far away as Thomasville,' Ga., but
decided for the present at least there
was no occasion to send for them. It
is hoped to bring about a sufficient im
provement in Hanna's condition to per
mit his removal to Thomasville.
Five physicians were in attendance
to-day: Dr. Rixey, the regular phy
sician; Dr. Magruder; Dr. Brewer, from
New York; Df. Behronden,. an expert
who examined the Senator's blood for
typhoid" indications, anfl Dr. Oster, the
expert diagnostician, from Baltimore,
who will continue in consultation with
the other physicians during the Sena
tor's illness.
/The physicians are unable to say
where the Senator caught the typhoid
fever. There is a typhoid fever epi
demic at Columbus, Ohio, where the
Senator visited last month. He left
there about the 13th ultimo and .be
came ill nine days after that time, the
length of time that medical authorities
give for the breaking out of the fever
infection. A great number of inquiries,
telegraphic, mail and personal, are
reaching here about Senator Hanna's
condition.
Governor Herrick called on the long
distance telephone from Columbus.
Ohio, to-night to Inquire after the Sen
ator and asked to be kept informed of
the progress of the case. . Secretary
Dover, told him he believed the situa
tion thus far is not alarming.
TEJIPERATURE IS HIGHER.
Dr. Rixey called to see the Senator
shortly after 8 o'clock. His object
was simply to take Hanna's temper
ature, which he found at that time to
be 102 2-5, higher, he remarked later,
than it had been at any time since he
has been attending the Senator. This,
however, the doctor did not consider
alarming, as it might be due to cer
tain local causes not, directly the re
sult of fever. The 8 o'clock :call was
the last Dr. Rixey intended to, make
for the night unless something unex
pected should occur. ■■
The most satisfactory aspect of the
case j to-day" apparently lo the Sena
tor's family and friends was the
cheerful and bright 1 ' manner of the
Senator, despite his almost utter pros
tration. This they attribute in part
to the slightest kind- of an improve
ment In his general condition and to
his relief at the announcement of tho
exact character of the disease, which
thus removes his own and his fam
ily's uncertainty in the matter. The
Senator % t6ok milk nourishment sev
eral times to-day, retaining it on his
stomach without apparent discomfort
Certain pains which he "has experi
enced in the stomach, were relieved
by the administration of a sedative.
Late to-night the physicians declared
there is nothing. immediately alarming
in Senator Hanna's condition provid
ed unexpected complications do not
manifest themselves,' but they ac
knowledge it is yet too early to fore
cast the result of the Senator's sick
ness.
A Short Trip Postponed.— Louis
Leech informs us that, after conferring
with his wife, , he is not going on that
South Dakota excursion—West Branch
(Iowa) Times. " .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SarsapariUa is unquestiona-
bly the greatest blood and
liver medicine known. 16
positively and permanently
cures every humor, from
Pimples to Scrofula. It» it
the Best, ' \* '
Blood Medicine.
JURORS MAKE
GRAVE CHARGE
Inform Judge That an Attempt
Has Been Made to Influence
Verdict in the Postal Case
LETTERS SENT TO THEM
Missives 'Bear on Trial and
\ Set Forth That Recipients
Ought to Aid the Government
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— In the pos
tal trial to-day Mrs. Martha J. Lorenz
of Toledo, Ohio, denied all knowledge
of any transaction in connection with
the sale of Groff letter box fasteners.
The four checks which she at different
times gave her husband, who indorsed
them over to Machen, • she said, she
signed solely because her husband re
quested her to do so^and without in
quiring into their purpose. She had ab-.
solute faith in him, she said. Mrs. Lo
renz was perfectly cool on the -stand
and promptly answered the questions
put to her by her counsel.
During almost the entire day George
E, .... Lorenz was under, cross-examina
tion. He denied that he ever sought
Machen's . influence to further the : in
troduction: of the Groff fasteners to the
postal service.
. Jus^ before < the afternoon session
Justice Pritchard summoned into his
private, room the jury and counsel on
both sides. He announced to them that
two jurors had informed him of the
recejpt of several letters J bearing on
the 'case, which represented that they
ought to stand by the Government. It
is understood that the Government
counsel disavowed any responsibility
for the communications, while counsel
for the defense availed themselves of
the opportunity to say that neither by
word nor act had any attempt been
made by them or their clients to influ
ence the Jury in any way.
How Spencer Learned Things.
Herbert Spencer and a friend were
once walking toward an asylum they
proposed to visit. Their way led them
across a railroad, and seated near the
track they saw a young man reading.
This iyoung man was an inmate of the
institution, but they did not know it at
the time.
"My friend," said Mr. Spencer, paus
ing, "where does this railroad go to?"
The lunatic looked up from his book
and gave his Interrogator a long stare
of scorn. Then he replied:
"It 'doesn't go anywhere. We keep It
here to run trains on."
oo©»o©oeooGoooeo©o©oo©oo©oGeeoooeecoooooooo«ooo90oooooooooooooo3<jo^g
o y~ ■ . y^ ~"/ •
• ) Have You Started Your Ivory City Portfolio? } •
S j Trje Dainty and Instructive Repro- 3
| ( ductions in Color of y %
3 ■— —i ■— ? 1 •
I Jhe Jt £ouis I
\ World's fair Portfolio Series f
o r \ •
• \ Can be obtained only through The Sunday Call. Enterprising, Aggres- ) . O
© ( slve and Substantial Greater San Francisco's Greatest Dally offers its \ ©
• f readers a feature that can be bound In portfolios, framed and in other \ «
? ) ways preserved «nd handed down to future generations, commemorating r J
J . ) one of the great events in the world's history and the greatest of ttoe /
0 \ new born twentieth century. ( f ©
i <■■■■■• I
g . ■-..-. ■ ■ j §
2 ■ ' ■ * ; ! 2
9 ,., !< Siii^- 3\ - -> ' V ■"- ; ■ ■■: ' :: " .;-■ 4 - ' ...... * * * *i ©
1 __ .__ ;-,/ . j |
© PALACE OF EDUCATION. •
©I The Second of foe Series Will Be Issued Sunday, February 7, 1904 | ©
9 . . . , | . w ~ mmm^^ — — — ©
| Cut Out This Descriptive Matter ai)d Paste on g
S the BacK of Picture. 8
A ' ■' ©
S The Palace of Education occupies one of the most prominent places &
© in the Exposition, and justly so, as this distinction is only consistent with o
© the theory upon which the entire organization is based, viz.: that educa- O
© tlon is the source of all progress. . S
§ From its inception the aim has been to select an educational exhibit j j j
5 that would be national hi its scope, to present comprehensively and j j o
O ! systemaUcally the educational methods in voruc In this country and to q
9 assemble for comparison and scientific study contributions from all for- g
© eign nntions noted for educational progress and research. i O
• ThtF Architectural construction in this Uni venal Exposition affects the «
2 ™J«* tIc ta the Great IvOr y WMte E3dlib , lt , 63 ' i^° r tL Ca concLs£n •
S foreign and State buildings, all-world, realistic and unique tn concession ,
2 BtrU The 6 Palace of Education Is a rarely graceful structure of modern g
© classic architecture, Is surrounded by a majestic Corinthian co ionnade. •
• " > covers seven acres of ground and la in the heart of g^PjJg*, b g
2 The brilliancy of the coloring, enlivened by a la J°" n JX_ r *J b ' • §
g balustrade ornamented with statuary, impart life and realism to the
8 ' SCe "£hese pictures will doubtless be sold to portfolio form in the near. |
| futn K ; g
SlTHESAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 1
Iv ■ — ■ — — - — ' - . '-. - ' : ■ I S
BELL ASKS AID
FOR VINEYARDS
Congressman Makes Appeal for
the Grape Growers of Cali
fornia and Other Coast States
AGRICULTURAL BILL PASSES
Attempt to Eliminate the Pro
vision for the Free Distribu
tion of Seeds Is Defeated
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— Sheppard.
Democrat, of Texas, one of the young
est members of the House, made a de
termined and persistent effort to-day
to bring about a reform in the matter
of distribution of seeds by the Govern
ment, but the agricultural appropria
tion bill was left just as the committee
brought it in so far as seeds for free
distribution were concerned. This was
the only item in the agricultural ap
propriation bill that aroused serious
discussion and with a few minor
amendments the bill was passed by the
House without division.
Bell of California, taking up the par
agraph in the bill providing for pomo
logical investigation, urged an in
creased appropriation for this work
and made a strong appeal for aid*for
the vineyards of California and other
States of the Pacific coast.
Changes In the Postal Service.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— Postmasters
commissioned: California — Sarah Laird,
Alturas; Ernest .S. Collins, Knights
Ferry; Charles A. Bump, Orris! ; Charles
B. Bryant, Sawyers Bar. Ocegon — Wil
liam Hartill, Melville.
Reputation Easily Gained.
, Professor Phelps used to tell with
glee of the way he achieved a reputa
tion for knowing a thing he hated. Ho
took a walk with Professor Newton,
who lived in the world of mathematics,
and started off at once to discuss' an
abstruse problem. Mr. Phelps' mind
could not follow and wandered to other
things. At last he was called back
when the professor wound up with
"which you see gives us X." "Does it?"
asked Mr. Phelps politely. "Why,
doesn't It?" exclaimed the professor,
excitedly, alarmed at the possibility of
a flaw in his calculations. Quickly his
mind ran back and detected a mistake.
"You are right, Mr. Phelps. You are
right!" shoute4 the professor. "It
doesn't give us X; It gives us Y." And
from that time Professor Phelps was
looked upon as a mathematical prodigy
—the first man who ever tripped the
professor. — Christian Register.
PANIC STRIKES
COTTON MARKET
Wildest Scenes of Week Are
Witnessed at the Opening of
the New Orleans Exchange
TRADERS BECOJIE CRAZED
Prices Are Forced Down Ten
and Twenty Points at a Time
Owing to Numerous Offerings
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 5.— To-day
saw the wildest scenes of this week in
the cotton market. At the lowest levels
of the day prices were from 132 to ISO
points lower than what cotton was
selling for at the first of the week. The
market was thrown into a panic soon
after the opening by the immense
amount of cotton that was offered for
sale. Where the offerings came from
was a mystery, but thousands of bales
were thrown upon the market, forcing
prices down 10 and 20 points at a time.
Such wild scenes were never before
witnessed. Thousands of people lined
Gravier street watching the traders
scrambling in their eagerness to get
near the center of the ring and offer
their cotton. There appeared to be ten
sellers to one buyer.
At the height of the turmoil, when
it looked as if the market must go to
pieces, the bull leader, W. P. Brown,
pleaded with the brokers to stop of
fering their cotton 15 and 20 points un
der the market.
"You will break the market and your
selves if you cont^iue," he said. "Taks
the cotton yourselves and make a
profit on It."
Brown's stand against the selling Im
mediately had its effect and it was
clearly evident to every one that the
rules of the exchange were being
broken by the way many brokers were
offering cotton. The bull leader followed
his speech by heavy bidding and buy
ing and in a few minutes other longs
followed his lead and in a short time.
In place of the panic, quiet reigned and
prices showed a material recovery, al
though the market had a weak- tone
•up to the close.
Gritty George— Yer look prettYxwell
used up, pard. Timothy Ties— Yes- I
went up to see dat lady in de wayside
cottage. Somebody told me she was
keeping "open house." Gritty George
—Was de information correct? Tim
othy Ties— Yes; she was keeping an
open doghouse.— Philadelphia Record.
Summoned for non-payment of indus
trial school arrears, a Leeds hostler told
the magistrate that he has a family ot
sixteen and earns only 18s a week.JAPANESE MINISTER SAYS TOKIO IS DETERMINED TO FIGHT
Mikado's Council
Maps Out Wai-
Programme.
Chinese Court May
Flee From For
bidden City.
Continued From Pace I, Column 5.
from traveling on the railway.
The correspondent at Tokio of the
Daily Mail says he hears that the Rus
sian fleet at Vladivostok is preparing
to saiL
There is renewed activity at Cardiff
owing to the demand for coal.
The Admiralty agent? to-day re
ceived instructions ordering prompt
loading of cos.! cargoes for the British
t0et in Japa::e?e waters. Steam coal
i* «o ireeiy sc.'d that it is impossible
to obtain spot carpoes. There is
5:ro:ig pressure for the immediate
j>hipments of coal already purchased
by Russia and Japan and for the Eu
ropean navies; hence several days are
likely to elapse before the British Ad
ir.iralty orders can be filled.
There :« much conjecture this morn
iv.z as to the probable reasons for the
brief cr-:=e of the Port Arthur fleet.
According to a dispatch to the Daily
K>.press from Chefu the navigation of
the harbor of Port Arthur is seriously
irr.pe ded by ice, which may have been
the reason why the fleet went out.
Another supposition is that the vessels
"had been ?o long laid up at Port Ar
thur that the admiral in command de
fired to ascertain how they would"
be".:ave ct sea.
TREATY PROPOSED BY JAPAN.
The statement is published here
that the draft of the treaty which
Japan originally submitted to Russia
■-ir.cd seven artjcles, the first of
which provided for the mutual recog
nition of the integrity and indepen
dence of China and Korea. The sec
ond recognized Japan's right to advise
Korea on finances and general admin
istration. The third stipulated that
Ku i; ja should not hinder the develop
ment of Japan"* commercial interests
in Korea. Thr fourth recognized that
Japan was entitled to send troops to
Korea in the event of disturbances,
such troop* to be withdrawn when
peace had been restored. The fifth
article provided that no. fortifications
erected on the southern coast of
K<:-rea and guaranteed the freedom of
, the Straits of Korea. Thr sixth arti ;
<'.c arranged for the eventual junction
■ •:' the Korean and Manchurian rail
road systems and the j-cventh dc
nounced all previous Russo-Japanese
treaties relating to Korea.
VITIATION IS HOPKLESS.
i ne Tokio correspondent of the
T.rr.c- <*ays the situation i« regarded
as hopeless. It is generallv believed.
R: continue*, that the councils of the
Elder Statesmen, held February 3
and 4.. decided upon the final measures
to be taken in the event of an un
favorable reply from Russia. The vol
untary subscriptions to the war fund
rxcecd .2,000,000 yen, the correspon
dent says. Little credence, he adds.
is attached to the persistent rumors
that Russian troops are about to pro
reed to Korea at the request of the
"Korean Government.
In a dispatch from Peking the corre
jpondent there of the Times discusses
the possibility of the flight of the Chi
r.ese court and say> it is perplexed by
divided council?, but that it is not
lUcely to flee unless Russia attempts
to invade the great wail.
TRKNI) OI' RUSSIAN REPLY.
Dors Not I'vcn Grant Japan a Free
Hand in Korea.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 5.— As an
rour.crd In these dispatches", the draft
of th» Russian response, tentatively
approved by the Czar, was telegraphed
to Viceroy A!exi<?If last night. It is
♦ xp^cted that Viceroy Alexieff will send
th<> answer so as to reach Japan on
ADVZBTISZMENTS.
Y / PHnt im*
W Developing
AT CUT RATES.
My w-cric in thli II=e t« wel! known to
t- :--^h gnui*. I <5o a lanrer cut-of-t-:»-n
bn^new ia tfeveloplrif and prlr.ttr.z than
■njrboay en the coact. I am ab'e to ob-
tain the *•*•_ possible results in developlnu
t'.ip-T r!»te» or fti=is. Here ar« a few of
r-.y irlc-5:
dsveiofhtg. PKiwrryo.
Re" of C 10c;roUo finish. .3c to Re
r.ci: of 12 15c;v>:cxCa«*h..3c to 6c
I earn" in etnrk all »Izes of films for
kodaks. Sir*. lt,x2U. 6 ezpc»urrs. 15c —
J2 *xpo*ure5. tSe: «*xe S^xJU. 6 n-
r<wur»«. 20c— 12 *xr>c«ur»-*, 40c; size 2Hz
4'«. C tiicwrw. 2Sc— 12 exposures. SOc
Other rlz-t at e^ally low price*.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS 2AEEET ET, Above Powell.
San Francisco.
.v by should a poor grocer
ceil Schilling's Best
c*ft« C»»*riir rxt'ttt sodat
To pass for a good one.
Monday. Y.'hile the contents are care
fully guarded, they are known to be
conciliatory and to contain important
concessions, although maintaining
Russia's former position on some of the
main points covering Maneiiuria and
Koree.
A i*plomat in close touch with the
Russian side of the negotiations said
that Korea had again become the most
difncult matter for adjustment. Rus
sia, he siiid, could not agree to Jap
anese fortifications in Southern Korea.
"If the Japanese Government is sin
cerely desirous of avoiding v/ar," he
added, "it will find in the reply when it
arrives a basis for an agreement; but
if the authorities have made up their
minds to remain unyielding, the ne
gotiations must end in conflict. In any
event, I do not see how Japan can
break off the negotiations without re
plying to the Russian note and setting
forth her minimum demands."
Advices from Vladivostok say that
more than a thousand Japanese girls
embarked there for Japan yesterday
ard that three other steamers are on
the point of sailing for Japan with
Japanese families, including many who
left the Nikolskoye and Ushuri regions
on Wednesday last.
A Russian correspondent at Port Ar
thur telegraphs es follows:
"There is no truth in the report that
frelg" t traffic has been stopped on the
Manchi rian railway. All the ships of
the Russian Pacific squadron which
have been held in reserve are now in
6e-vice. The regiments of the Third
East Siberian Rifle Brigade, which re
cently left Port Arthur, are taking
temporary stations along the Chinese
road. The Port Arthur garrison has
been strengthened by the arrival there
of the Seventh Brigade of conscripts,
■who have recently been goinc through
a short course of training. Stores of
provisions and coal are being accum
mulated and all th« necessary military
works are being actively pushed for
ward. Both the navy and the army are
In cood condition and everything is
ready for emergency, but all are pa
tiently awaiting the outcome of the
negotiations.
"The Russian population i* tranquil.
V>ry few Russians are lea\Mng here,
but many Japanese merchants are se'll
ing out and going home. Those re
maining here feel entire confidence in
the authorities.
"The announcement from Vladivo
stok that preparations have been
made for the mobilization of the Man
churian Reserves was premature."
At all the embassies the attaches
were busy to-day petting off cipher dis
patches to their governments.
The people, for the first time., seemed
noticeably moved at the prospect of
war. gathering In groups to discuss
the situation. Increased activity was
apparent at the various ministries, but
the high officials remained calm, in
sisting that a peaceful settlement was
still possible. They said the military
and naval preparations had been
forced upon Russia by th<> open and
hurried demonstrations by Japan, and
added that misinterpretations were be
ing constantly placed on Russia's
movements in the Far East, which rep
resented Russia as already engaged in
aggressive tactics. As an illurtratlon
they cited a dispatch published in Lon
don reporting the alleged mysterious
departure of the Russian fleet from
Port Arthur. The chief of the naval
staff said the warships had merely left
the harbor for a cruise around the end
of Talienwan Peninsula to try their en
gines, so as to be in readiness to meet
Japanese warships in case of an at
tack.
A dispatch from Vladivostok con
firms the reports that large numbers
of Japanese families have left the
Nikolskoye and Ushuri regions. It
gives a gloomy picture of the slump in
trade, shows that* clothing and money
are scarce, and adds that constant
street rows are occurring- Even , the
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6. 1904.
Japanese and Russian children play at
war games in the streets.
TO WATCH TUP: CONFLICT.
American Naval Vessels Will Hover
Near the Scene of Strife.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.— The state
ment was reiterated at the Navy De
partment to-day that in case of a Jap
anese-Russian war the fighting ships
of the Asiatic fleet would be kept away
from the scene of hostilities and every
care taken to observe "good sea rhan
ners." That the American navy, how
ever, may not be without observers of
what will be the greatest naval strug
gle of modern times, several of the
smaller shirs of the fleet will be de
tailed to go northward with competent
officers, who will act as official observ
ers. No orders to this effect have yet
been issued.
The State Department announced the
receipt of information to-day that
Japan had called its subjects from the
Yalu district in Korea into Seoul.
Czar Summoas Skridlov.
BERLIN. Feb. 6.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Lokal Anzeiger
telegraphs that Admiral Skridlov, com
mander of the Russian squadron in the
Black Sea. has been summoned to St.
Petersburg for consultation on account
of his knowledge of the Far East. The
Dowager Empress received the admiral
and when he was leaving she said to
him, "There will be no war."
Large Shipments for Russia.
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 5.— Business
circles here are uneasy owing to the
war rumors and stocks are depressed.
The Danish court, which was formerly
hopeful. Is now very pessimistic. Fur
ther- large shipments for Russia are
leaving Copenhagen. ;'
BALFOUR WINS
ON TEST VOTE
British Ministry Has Ma
jority of Eighty -Six in
the House of Commons
RESULT OF FIRST DIVISION
Robson's Amendment to the
Address in Reply to the
King's Speech. Is Defeated
LOXDON, Feb. 5. — In tfre ultimate
division of the House of Commons to
day on Robson's amendment to t^e ad
dress in reply to the King's speech
the Government had a majority of
eighty-six. ■ •
Lord Wimborn gave a gr_and dinner
party and reception at Wimborn
House to-night, which is regarded as
signalizing the coalition of the two
sections of the Free. Traders and pos
sibly the return of the Liberal-Union
ists to the Liberal fold. The guests
of Lord Wimborn included the Duke
of Devonshire. Lord Rosebery, Sir
Henry Campbell-Bannerman, Sir Wil
liam .Vernon-Harcourt, John Morley,
Lord Hugh Cecil and -Winston Church
ill, practically all the leaders of the
free trade interests, whether Liberal or
Conservative. . ; .
Death of a Prominent Journalist.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— Andre Matti
son, once editor of the Chicago Times,
died athis^iomein Highland Park" to
night. .
HEARST PAPERS
ARE MORTGAGED
Loan of $1,000,000 Secured
From Knickerbocker Trust
Company *of New York City
RUNS FOR TWENTY YEARS
Capital Stock of the Evening
and of the Morning Journal
Given as Security for Money
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The World this
morning prints the following: A mort
gage of $1,000,000 has been placed on
the property of the New York Evening
Journal Publishing Company and the
Morning Journal Publishing Associa
tion, subsidiary corporations of the
Star Publishing Company, publishers
of the Evening Journal, American,
Sunday American and Journal and Das
Morgen Journal.
The mortgage was executed January
15 and was filed in the office of the
Registrar of Hudson County, in Jersey
City, on January 26. It was given to
secure the payment of coupon bonds to
equal the amount, running for twenty
years at 6 per cent. One million dollars
was loaned by the Knickerbocker Trust
Company of this city.
The mortgage is described as a first
lien on the property of the Star Pub
lishing .Company, the Evening Journal
Publishing Company and the Morning
Journal Association. Indentures show
that the entire publishing plant, In
cluding "property of every character,
whether real, personal or mixed," is
given over to the trust company to se
cure the payment of the bonds, the
documents reciting the transfer to be
"9996 shares of the capital stock of the
aforesaid Star Company, of a par value
of $10 each, out, of a total Issue of
10,000 shares: 96 shares of the capital
stock of the aforesaid New York Even
ing Journal Publishing Company, of a
par value of .5100 each, out of a total
authorized Issue of 100 shares; 341
shares of the capital stock of the afore
said Morning Journal Association, of
a par value of $500 each, out of a total
authorized issue of 344 shares." The
mortgage was executed by Edward H.
Clark, executor of the Hearst estate
and president of the Star company.
Wages of Coal Miners Are Reduced.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., Feb. 5. — The
coal operators of Wise County, Va.,
have made a 12 per cent reduction in
the wages of miners. Five thousand
men are affected.
"Forty-Niner" Dies Near Modesto.
MODESTO, Feb. 5.— Isaac Ripper
dan,' aged 83 years, one of the few .re
maining j forty-niners in 'this section,
died this morning on his ranch": hear
Modesto. He was one of the best
known citisens of the county.
Opens Ports- to Forelsn Trade.
CARACAS/Venezuela. Feb. 2.— The
GoyeVhment * has \ opened the ports of
La Guayra, ; Guanta and Coumana to
foreign and local trade; .They have
been closed since ' Hay, 1902/'
SCENE IN KOREA'S CAPITAL. VIEW OF THE EMPIRE'S PRINCIPAL
PORT, AND MILITART EXPERT WHO WILL HAVE CHARGE OF
THE OPERATIONS OF JAPANS LAND FORCES.
FINDS SUICIDE
NO EASY TASK
Seven Bullets Pierce Man's
Vital Organs Before He Suc
ceeds in Ending His Life
TWO PENETRATE HEART
Surgeons Declare Any One of
the Wounds Sufficient to
Have Killed Ordinary Person
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEW BRITAIN. Feb. 5. — An autop
sy was performed to-night on the body
of Alfred Seli&ren, who is supposed to
have committed suicide by shooting:
himself eight times near the heart last
Monday. The dozen physicians and
surgeons who witnessed the autopsy
said afterward that they had never
heard of a parallel case and that they
were utterly incapable of accounting
for what they had seen.
Of the eight shots fired inter Seli
gren's body any one of seven was suf
ficient to' cause death and certainly
paralysis of the body to such an ex
tent that he would have fallen to the
ground helpless. Two of the bullets
passed through the heart,' three
through the left lung, one through the
liver and one through the diaphragm
very •'close' to the kidney. The eighth
did not e"nter the abdominal cavity.
Filipino Agitator Is Still Unfriendly.
MANILA, Feb. 5.— Sixto Lopez, the
well-known Filipino agitator, whose
unfriendly disposition toward American
rule in the Philippines has been ex
hibited upon occasions in the past, has
arrived here and . refuses to take the
oath of allegiance.* He will be prompt
ly deported.
Remarkable Assertions Made by the
Mikado's London Representa
tive in an Interview.
War Will Be Declared Should the
Russian Reply Prove to Be
Unsatisfactory.
PARIS, Feb. 5.— Foreign Minister Del
casse presented a review of the Far
Eastern situation at a meeting of the
Cabinet to-day, but he was unable to
acquaint the Ministers with the full
contents of the Russian reply, because
It had not been received here. Until
war actually begins, the French au
thorities say, they will take the view
that a peaceful settlement is possible.
They admit, however, that the chance
is slim despite the concessions which
Russia is believed to have made.
At the Russian Embassy it was said
that on Sunday or later there would be
news, but that there was nothing to
Justify the pessimistic reports which
had been current for the last few days.
An interview published here with
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minister
to Great Britain, has attracted marked
attention in higher government quar
ters, particularly his declarations that
unless Russia signed a treaty carrying
out Japan's demands war would result,
and his statement that Japan desired
to be let alone and would object to any
intervention by Great Britain tending
toward inducing the acceptance of Rus
sia's reply. One of the officials In touch
with Foreign Minister Delcasse said
that If this interview was genuine, as
it seemed to be, it was of the highest
moment.
Baron Hayashi reiterated his pub
lished statements that Japan would in
sist on a signed treaty recognizing Chi
na's rights in Manchuria, and is quoted
as having said:
jj "If Russia refuses this treaty we will
fight."
. "Is your Government unalterably de
termined on this course?" the Minister
was asked.
"Absolutely," he Is said to have re
plied. "We will not take promises. Too
many promises have been broken*, and
now we insist upon a signed treaty.** .
The interviewer then asked: "Sup
pose Russia's answer is conciliatory
and, reasonable, but refuses to go to
the extent of signing the treaty you
desire, will your Government have re
course to arms?"
/That is precisely what I mean,"
replied the Minister.
"If the Government of his Majesty
King Edward VII asks Japan not to
make war," continued the Interviewer,
"and requests her to accept Russia's
reply, what will Japan do?"
"We shall greatly object to such
intervention, even coming from the
King. We desire to be let alone in our
duel with Russia. • We do not want
support or assistance. We desire to
settle our own account with Russia."
'. In : terminating -the interview Baron
Hayashi was asked:
"Then you say that if Russia re-
fuses to sign a treaty recognizlns
China's rights In Manchuria that
means war?"
"That will be war," replied the Min
ister. ■; .".W.-*
The Baron added to the foregoing
that he believed thl3 to be the view
of his Government, and that authority
had been given him to announce it.
The French officials expressed great
surprise at his unqualified statements
concerning war and of Japan's inten
tion r.ot to accede to a British request
against war.
The London correspondent of ths
Matin said In a dispatch to-night that
he had submitted to Baron Hayashi a
translation published in a London
evening newspaper of the interview
with the Minister printed here In th*>
Matin. Baron Hayashi declared the
Matin correspondent had faithfully
reproduced his utterances and that ha
was ready to repeat them.
FLAX INVASION* OF KOREA.
Russian Troops Concentrating In the
Valley of the Yalu.
LONDON, Feb. 5. — A dispatch to
the News Agency from Tokio
says that the newspapers there pub
lish telegrams saying that 20,000 Rus
sian troops have concentrated in the
Talu Valley with the probable-Inten
tion of seizing North Korea. ' It is
added that hope of maintaining peace
has been abandoned.
"Yuan Shi Kai (the- commander of
the imperial army and navy*) and the
vice president of the war board have
memorialized the throne, earnestly
insisting upon an offensive and de
fensive alliance with Japan in order
to regain Manchuria." cables th<»
Shanghai correspondent of the Lon
don Globe. "Th« memorials." the
correspondent adds, "maintain (hat
the Japanese are better prepared for
war than the Russians and ars more
disinterested."
CABLE COMPANY EXPECTS WAR.
Accepts 3Iessaces for the Orient Onlj
at Sender's Risk.
NEW YORK. Feb. 5. — The signif
icant announcement that telegram*
for Japan and Korea can be accepted
only at the sender's risk was mada
to-day by the Commercial Cable Com
pany.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5. — The State
Department has been advised by the
cable companies connecting the United
States with the Orient that all ca
blegrams addressed to points in Man
churia, Korea' and Japan will be dis
patched only at the sender's risk.
ST. LOUIS LOAN IS VOTED.
Senate Passes Urgent DeQciency Bill
With This Provision.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— The politi
cal debate in the Senate on the pro-*
posed loan of J4,600,C0O to t?:e St. Louis
Exposition, which has been in prog
ress on a point of order for the past
three days, came to a close to-day
through a vote which left the provision
in the urgent deficiency bill, which
was passed.
Patterson of Colorado made a speech
in which, while he charged the panic
of 1903 to the anti-silver agitation in
this and other countries, he announced
that he was not, in favor of another
Democratic pronouncement for silver.
After the vote on the deficiency bill
speeches in support of the Panama
canal treaty were made by Mallory of
Florida and Heyburn of Idaho.
Honolulu Wants Regiment of Infantry
HONOLULU", Feb. 5. —The Merchants'
Association of this city has memorial
ized Secretary of War Taft through
Prince Kalaniaole. the Hawaiian Dele
gate to Congress, asking that a regi
ment of infantry be stationed at Hono
lulu-
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Josfg JacK Tar.
"Jolly" is the trord generally asso-
ciated with the jack tar. Hs'ts ths
picture of health, acd the health beb-
blcs over ia mirth and" Derrinect. When
ww, people are sick.
nj^V especially when
\\ sickness attacks ths
@m?L. «A 1 UG S S *^ e ccctcr
CPjp*x Erj often advises a sea
>^\^rCSsjr crises the sea vo^a?^
A and rcc=e- c: t!:^
R*«|*gSiHT workadiv world to
whom sea voysgea
ffi^gSigL Dr. Pisrcc's Golden
TSjp'/ggSa^ con:?s as the Ereat-
f,ffj JS&&T medicine upon
jMB5?>g§3?^ those whose lungs
EPtllJirijjffl martable. Ev?n
KpvjaL*A«*r Trhcrr thsr: i3 brcn-
Bgnfli^ ciiitis, suitting of
\^j§a blood, e'tnaciation,
t;on3 which iT tcz-
checlced or nzskillfully treated lead to
confatcption, * Golden Medical Discov-
ery" in ninety-eight cases out of a hun-
dred work3 a perfect and pennanest
enre- It strengthens the stomach and.
other organs of digestion and nutrition,
so that the body in all it3 parts is not-
merely fed bat nourished. And it is by
nourishment that Nature builds up ths
body to resist or throw of! «Kw»y»
•I had a terrible csozh scmethiaz over a year
«jo «nd could find nothing to step it. or erea to
do ms a particle cf good," writes J. M. Fair,
.Esq., of Cameron. Scrrrea Cot. G*. "Iclaacsd
to see an advertisement of toots, aad forth-
with bought a bottle of your ixrrahxibie ' Golds:!*,
Medical Dtaccrrery.' Before I bad ui;a half a
bottle I was entirely well."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure cosstd jatics. .
34
SEA HOLDS
A MYSTERY
OF RAFTS
Derelicts With No Passengers
Aboard Are Recovered Near
Monterey and May Be the
Remnants of Two Wrecks
FISHERMAN'S LAUNCH
TOWS STRAY (RAFT
Belief Exists That Masterless
Ship Equipment of Tule and.
Cork Came in the Storm
From the Northern Coast
SAL1XAS. Feb. 5.— The finding of
three steamer life rafts in Monterey
Bay during the last two days has oc
casioned much' speculation regarding
jirobable wrecks.
On Wednesday evening", while the
fishing launch Kid of Santa Cruz was
returning from a fishing trip to Point
Cypress, below Pacific Grove, her crew
sighted two rafts about a mile- apart
and firur miles south of . Point Pino*
lighthouse. Thinking that there might
be persons aboard, the skipper of the
l\:g headed for the derelicts and they
were picked up. Although no one was
on eiiiier. the rafts were brought to
Monterey, where upon inspection
were discovered to be from different
vessels. One is a tule raft painted lead
color and the crther is of cork of a terra
cotta hue. : -1*
Yesterday' morning the third raft',
similar to the other tule one, 'drifted
fshore near Chinatown below Monte
rey. None of the rafts bore any marks
or names, to designate the vessels to
which they belonged, ner was any
wreckage seen. There have been no
storms hore previous to th*» present one.
no vessels have been lost within sev
eral hundred miles from* Monterey and
the only conclusion is that the rafts
probably belong to some vessels wreck
ed o-ff the north?™ coast recently and
■were driven south by heavy wind and
tide.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
FAIL TO REORGANIZE
Favor the IMan of the School Directors
to Plact* Fire Alarm Systems in
School Buildings-
The Fire Commissioners met yester
day afternoon, with President Barrett,
who has just returned from an extend
ed Eastern trip, in the chair. Much
business of a routine nature *vas trans
acted, but the board failed to reor
ganise. It is expected that a new pre
siding officer will be chosen and com
mittees appointed at the next meeting.
The proposition of the School Di
rectors that a fire alarm system be
installed in eacl\ school was approved,
as was a^so The recommendation that a
tank wagGn be built to deliver fuel oil
to the engine houses.
The board will use every endeavor
to grant the application of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club for a new
truck in that district, and will also
look over the district proposed to be
included in the extension of the fire
limits. In accordance with a resolution
adopted applications for substitute po
sitions must in the future have the
indorsement of the Chief Engineer or
one of the members of the board.
Independent Rifles.
The following named have been in-
Ftalled as the officers of the Independ
ent Rifles for the current term: H.
Schlichtmann, captain; J. H. Meyer,
first lieutenant; H. Gaetjen Jr., sec
ond lieutenant; Harry Menke, record-,
ing secretary; F. C. Lawler, financial
secretary; II. Gaotjen, treasurer
(twenty-third term); J. C. Hering.
trustee; Lieutenant H. Hansen, drum
major. After the installation Sergeant
H. Feyge on behalf of the company
presented a handsome gold locket set
with «i large diamond to retiring Cap
tain L. Schneider in appreciation of
his work for the advancement of the
company. Sergeant Feyge taking oc
casion to review the military career
of the retiring o?!lter since he joined
the company as a charter member,
twenty-seven years ago. Subsequent
ly the members of the company, ac
companied by a brass band, visited
the home of the new captain and gave
him a surprise serenade.
Brown's Injuries Fatal.
Frank Brown of 672 Valdez street,
Oakland, died in the Southern Pacific
Hospital yesterday morning of inju
ries received on January 18 at the
railroad yards in West Oakland.
While engaged in loading iron rails
on a car one of the rails slipped off
the load, striking him on the back
and breaking three of his ribs.
ADVEKTISEMZNTS.
The more purely negative soap is, |
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Ualcss yon have used Pears' soap
yoa probably do not know what we I
mean by a soap with no free fat or ol-
k£li in it — nothing bnt soap.
Established over ioo year*.
Ahroys 0 Res>em&er ths Foil .Name
|i asative |&roxno
CorcS a GoK fat One Day. Grlpm 2 Days
JS fi2/J& oncvery
/Vl/\:r»O'v WORK..
i ■ Being a Xlestrr Meson. I build and repair
any kind of »ton« and brick work: done
nertly. Ad<Jres» ZATTERLUXD, €27
O'faTttll gt.
BRAVE PUPIL
A LIFE-SAVER
Ventura Youngster Stops a
'Kumnvay Team in Time
to Prevent a Disaster
LEAPS INTO THE WAG OX
Companions at School Make
a Hero of the Courageous
Son of a County Supervisor
Special Dispatch to The Call
VEXTURA. Feb. 5.— Clarence Gab
bert is the hero of the Ventura High
School. He is the youngest son of T.
G. Gabbert. chairman of the Board of
Supervisors, and is a senior student at
the school.
-At- noon ■'■ to-day the boy stopped a
runaway team. Both the grammar and
high schools had dismissed the pupils.
Many children crowded the sidewalks
and' streets. A Chinese vegetable
vender had left his team standing un
hitched while Jie was delivering pro
duce to a customer. The animals be
came friphtened at an automobile and
down Santa Clara street they started.
Wiihin a few minutes they, were rac
ing along at a rapid pace. Several
high school students, endeavored to
j«top the horses.
; Gabbert is a sprinter, and for a block
he trailed behind the team, dodging the
flying vegetables. Then he bounded into
the rear end of the wagon. At the risk
of his life he grabbed the reins, which
were on the single-trees. He obtained
control of tho frenzied animals just in
the nick of time to prevent several
children from being injured.
( On his return to school after lunch
Gabbert was overwhelmed with con
gratulations. The . co-eds artistically
decorated his desk with flowers.
COMES TO CONDUCT AN
EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTE
George B. . Hodge Will TH1 of the
Work Accomplished j by Young
Men's Christian Association.
George B. Hodge of New\York, edu
cational secretary of the international
committee of Young Men's- Christian
Associations, will conduct an educa
tional institute Tuesday afternoon and
evening at the San Francisco asso
ciation. The purpose of the institute
will be to chow association educational
work as it is in operation throughout
the country, and to assist the local
organization in developing plans for
more extended work. -
The sessions will be held in the as
sociation building, corner of Ellis and
Mason streets, at 3 and 8 p. m. The
afternoon session will be devoted to
discussions on principles, methods and
policy of local educational work.
The S o'clock session In the associa
tion auditorium will be occupied with
an illustrated lecture given by Mr.
Hodge on "Association Educational
Featured." This lecture is of popular
interest, and will be open to both men
and women.
Mr. Hodge |jas been an important
factor in the development of the asso
ciation educational system to its pres
ent standard of excellence. His lec
ture next Tuesday evening will interest
educators of the public schools a*well
as those connected with the associa
tion movement.
HARDING IS TIRED OF
LIFE IN COUNTY JAIL
Makes Application for Writ of Habeas
Corpus for Ills Release, Which
Is Promptly Dismissed.
Charles M. Harding of the Harding
Collection Agency was taken from the
County Jail to Judge Cook's court yes
terday morning, as he had applied for
a writ of habeas corpus for his release.
The application was written by him
self and it contained allegations of a
personal nature against Police Judge
Conlan, Harding's nephew, Jules Gam
age, and others. Harding also ad
mitted that he "fell" once in Oregon
and was sentenced to serve five years,
but was pardoned by Governor Pen
noyer and restored to citizenship. The
Judge promptly dismissed the applica
tion and remanded the prisoner.
Harding was arrested in May last
for threatening to kill the landlord of
the house where he lived. The case
was heard by Judge Conlan, who held
Harding in 53000 bonds to keep the
peace, in default to be confined in
the County Jail. He has been acting
strangely in jail recently and he will
be taken before the Insanity Commis
sioners for examination as to his
sanity.
There is a case pending. against him
in Judge Conlan's court for threaten
ing to kill Gamage. .; • ;-
Mechanical Draughtsmen Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion at San Francisco March 2 to se
cure eligibles from which to make
certification to fill vacancies in the
position of mechanical draughtsman
in the ordnance department at large
at $1200 per annum. Age limit, 20
years or over. In view of the insuf
ficient number of eligibles resulting
from the examination held in October,
1903, the commission hopes that all
persons who are qualified will apply
for and take this examination. Per
sons who desire to compete should
apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C,
or tft the secretary of the Consolidat
ed Board of Civil Service Examiners,
301 Jackson street, San Franc sco, for
application form 1312, which should
be properly executed and filled with
the commission at Washington. ■
Suicide of an Unknown.
Some time during last Thursday
night a man who has not yet been
identified swallowed the contents of
a vial of carbolic acid in a lumber
yard at the intersection of Bay and
Kearny streets.
Nothing was found upon the person
except a Protestant pocket edition of
the Xew Testament, a small penknife,
an iron door key and needles and
thread. The man's shirt was a
piece of white muslin with a hole cut
in the center to allow him to pass his
head through it. He. was about 35
years of age and was poorly dressed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY G, 190i.
STATE MAKES SPLENDID
SHOWING IN OIL FIELDS
Returns From South Prove That California, Under
Poor Conditions, Holds Its Own in Comparison
With Gushing Wells of Texas and Louisiana
Figures relating to the shipments of
oil from the Texas and Louisiana oil
fields for the year 1903 have just been
made public. Compared with the re
turns for California during the same
twelve months, and bearing in mind
local conditions, the situation is . ex
tremely favorable to the oil industry in
this State. The total shipments from
the oil fields of the Southern States in
1903, including Beaumont and Sour
Lake, amounted to but 15,000,000 bar
rels.
The output of California last year,
according to the estimates supplied by
Secretary Dean of the California Pe
troleum Miners' Association, amounted
to 20,000,000 barrels. It is a matter of
common knowledge that California can
easily produce twice that amount when
the fields are developed sufficiently.
The oil sands are rich and seemingly
inexhaustible for many years. The price
for fuel oil is still the deterring cause
that retards development. There is no
scarcity of oil in any field, but not <5ne
fuel oil section is producing anything
like DO per cent of its present ascer
tained capacity.
In a sense the same conditions obtain
that earlier were marked features in
California. There are a few rich com
panies that^have large plants and large
outputs and profitable contracts for
supplies. On the other hand, there are
companies that still are suffering for
lack of coin; that own* their properties,
with no debt and no cloud on' the title
to the iand; that". are' equipped with
plants that are not used because they
are limited and are not able to produce
to make a profit at ruling prices on the
basis of a small output.
One conspicuous example of this sort
of financial tie-up is a company In
which certain leading politicians and
lawyers of this city are concerned. The
company has two wells that have oil in
them, a quarter-section of land situ
ated in proved territory, and adjoining
land in which oil has been profitably
and largely produced with large plants,
yet the smaller company is tied up and
is not turning a wheel. Undoubtedly
there are other companies in the same
fix. To operate the works of the com
pany in question it would be necessary
to expend $75,000 in sinking a number of
additional wells and in providing large
pumping plants, jacks, etc.
Another drawback to the prosecution
of private development work on the
scale possible has been the entrance
into the field of both the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific companies as pro
ducers of fuel for their own locomo
tives. This has removed a demand for
oil from the ooen market, for the
transportation lines are able to produce
their own fuel.
The Southern Pacific Company has
bought, out the several large compa
nies that form a constituent part of the
Associated Oil Company, the largest oil
concern in the Kern County fields and
the largest oil company in the State
with; the exception of the Standard Oil.
By the purchase of the stocks of the
companies that were merged in the As
sociated Oil Company the Southern Pa
cific Company has 1 made an advance
toward controlling the Associated Oil.
As the Southern Pacific Company is
not likely to' be contented to have only
a minority Interest in any enterprise In
which it is concerned, it is probably
safe to assume that the great railway
corporation will always get all the oil
it needs for its own consumption at
\ practically its own price. It will be
I cheaper for the railway company to
pump oil than to mine for coal.
Bearing these and allied facts In
mind and assuming that Dr. Deane's
figures relative to the production of
mineral oil in California in 1903 are cor
rect and that California produced 20,
000,000 barrels under temporarily, de
pressing conditions for the smaller
companies, it is evident that Texas
| cannot hope to permanently compete
I with the California fields, in which Is
| stored enough cheap fuel to last as a
' basis of profitable manufacturing for at
least a century.
There was a wide market for the
Texas oil last year. The greatest
,amount shipped naturally went by,
steamship and barges to New Orleans,
to Atlantic points, Cuba, England and
Egypt. By way of Sablne Pass 1,146,173
! barrels went to domestic ports and for
eign countries, and 5.711.615 barrels were
shipped in tank cars to points in Texas
and Louisiana. Only a small percent
j age of the rail shipments went outside
! of Texas and Louisiana.
i WHERE THE OIL GOES.
Some additional details are supplied
from a reliable source as follows:
From JennJnss (Louisiana) 2SJ8.SC0 barrels
w*rf «hlptx"d during the year 1003 by ratl.
CombinlnK the rail shipments with the water
shipments th» total from Texas and Louisiana
fields amounted to 14.099,442 barrels. The rec
ord shipments by the Kansas City Southern
Railroad for the year was not obtainable, nor
a complete record of barge shipments from tho
Jennlnsa field. Of the rail shipments the
Southern Pacific handled from Gladys (Spindle
Top) 10 6C7 cars; from Beaumont. 1663 cars;
fr<m" Sour Lake 11.309 car*; from Jennings,
lUl'b cars. Shlpmznts from Sour Lake were
rot started until July, 1903. The Santa I«>
moved 3S33 cars from Beaumont. In cotn
putins the Southern Pacific shipments from
Gladys and Beaumont an average car capacity
of 200 barrels is used. Most of the system
cam shiprvd from Gladys and Beaumont are
of 300 barrels capacity, while the private line
carR vary from 1C0 to 200 barrels. At Sour
Lak« the 3CO-barrel system cars predominate.
The same applies to Jennings. The Santa Fa
cistern cars are of 225 barrels capacity. It is
difficult.. to fl>ure the complete production of
the various Texas fields for the year 1003 owing
to the great number of operators and diversity
of interests, but estimates are stated as fol
lows: Spindle Top, 8.500.000 barrels: Sour
Lake, 7.000,000 barrels; Jennings, 500.000 bar
rels; Saratoga. 100,000 barrels; total estimated
production 14.100.000 barrels. Estimates of
oil in sto'rage range between 7,000,000 and
H 000 000 barrels, not including: the 1.A00.0UO
barrels In Southern Pacific tanks or Texas oil
in storage at Eastern stations.
The Mountain Copper Company in
Shasta County figures high up in a list
of the producers of refined copper in the
United" States during 1903. The Moun
tain Copper production was, as esti
mated. 25,000,000 pounds. This was a
falling off from 1901, by reason of labor
troubles, of 4,000,000 pounds. The great
producers of copper in the
States in 1903 have their output*" ranked
by approximate estimates as follows,
the figures representing pounds of re
fined copper: . ..
Anaconda (Mor.t.). 95, 000; 000; Calumet and
Hecla (Mich.). 50.CO0.0C0; Boston and Montana
(Mont.). 25.000.000; ■ Copper Queen (Aris.).
o"7.&00.<iOO: United . Copper > Company (MonU),
32.0CO.CCO; Arizona Copper Company (Arix.).
30.000.000; United Verde (Ari*.), 3O.0CO.O00;
Mountain Copiier Company ; (Cal.), 23,000.000;
Calumet and Arizona (Aria.). 23,000.000; De
troit Copper Company (Arlx.). 20.000,000:
Qulncy tMK-h.), 18.759.000; Butte * Redaction
Works (Mont.), 18,000,000; Tamarack . (Mich.),
15,7BO.0OO;i Utah Consolidated (Utah). 12,500,
000; Tennessee Copper Company (Tetin.). 12.
000.000; ningham (I'tah). 12,000.000; Parrott
(Mont.), 12.OUO.000; Champion (Mich.). ll.OCO,
000; Shannon Copper Company (Ariz.). 11,000.
0C0; Baltic (Mich.). 10.500,000: Trlmountaln
(Mich.). 10.000.CCO; Wolverine (Mich.), 9,100.
000; Old Dominion (Ariz.). "J.000.0O0:- Uutte and
Boston (Mont.), 9.000.000; Colorado Mining and
Smelting Company (Mont.), 0.0O0.0CO.
WORKING THE MIXES.
In addition to twenty-four dredgers
in operation* about Oroville, six new
machines are building for work in that
spction. The present array of dredgers
is kept at* work steadily. Drilling out
fits are prospecting new ground day
ahd night. ; * : ■'■'■.
The Independence gravel mine near-
Angels, Calaveras , County, arid* the
Jones mine near Angels .. are about to
resume. - >
The Pine mine'on Mokelumne River
has been bought by Newman and oth
ers. The property will be opened up
by tunnel, to strike the' ledge 100 feet
below the old workings. ■■,-*.;
The Mining and Scientific Press, re
ports that -the tailings and sulphurets :
from the Rattlesnake mine, near Gar
den Valley, El Dorado County, as treat
ed by the cyanide process, have yielded
as high as $20 a ton in gold. The'ore
when run through the mill did not pay
enough to make a-profit." ••. ;
The Cataract mine In Plumas County,
near Quincy, has been sold to W. Whit
aker and others. The : Peter quartz
mine at Indian Valley, near Genessee,
will be opened up by a' Minneapolis
company. " .
. A new dredger to work near Folsom
will be operated by the Folsom De
velopment ■ Company. It will work to
the depth of forty feet below the water
level.
The dredger of the California and De
troit Dredging Company has begun to
operate near Horsetown, Shasta Coun
ty. The company reports that other
dredgers will be built for Its use.
The Mountaineer mine near Nevada
City has b»en unwatered and work on
the 400 and 700 levels is proceeding.
The . Fernandez hydraulic mine near
Yreka. Siskiyou County, is again
operating.
A 1 30-ton smelter will be built for the
Rio Vista gold and copper mine near
Nashville, ,E1 Dorado County.
The Bully Hill smelter will substi
tute oil fuel for wood. An Oroville
dredging company has bonded eighty
five acres of the river bar just east of
Red Bluff. The land will be prospected
with the drill.
Probably the busiest mine in the
world is the Treadwell, in Alaska,
which is In operation twenty-four hours
In the day every day in the year with
the exception of the Fourth of July and
Christmas. I There are 880 stamps, each
consisting of five heavy, upright bars
of steel that fall with crushing force
on flat plates. The mill crushes 4500
tons of rock daily.
SOME RAILROAD CliAIMS.
There is some food for thought in
the statement of the controversy that
has arisen in Southern Wyoming be
tween the Union Pacific Railway and
the miners, as It is condensed by the
Mining and Scientific Press. The sub
stance of the matter is as follows:
Prospectors have been searching on the odd
numbered sections claimed by the railroad
company under the grant from the Government.
The grant in question excepta mineral lands,
but docs not Include those containing ■ coal or
iron. Hut when land is referred to as
"mineral" It must have been known as mineral
prior to the time when the grant attached, and
the discovery of a gold, copper or other metal
mine after the title has passed to the railroad
Is not Included In the land excepted from thu
grant. The Wyoming prospectors are searching
for both coal and petroleum, but as coal lands
are distinctly excepted from the operation of
the statute which reserves the mineral land*.
the prospectors have little to hope for In that
direction: ■ ' Petroleum lands, however, are
recognized as mineral and are subject to loca
tion on the public domain and lands within
the rai.road grants whigh are discovered to be
oil bearing before the railroad company has
acquired title to them are subject to location
as mineral lands. It la reported that the Union
Pacific Company has posted notices warning
prospectors that they must confine their ex
plorations to the lands of the public domain.
Prospectors, before searching for mineral on
these land*, would do well to ascertain the
state of the title to any particular section of
land, for where the railroad company hats per
fected Us title, the case of the prospector Is
hopeless. ... .
Stockholders Sue Directors.
Two suits to determine stockhold
ers' liabilities were filed yesterday by
the stockholders of the Hana Planta
tion Company against M. S. Grln
baum, E. J. Benjamin, D. C. Bates.
Thomas Jennings and Arthur Jen
nings, directors of the corporation.
The plaintiffs allege that the directors
made a fictitious increase of stock on
two different occasions since 1888 and
indebted the concern in the sum of
$500,000. They ask the court to de
termine to what extent. the stockhold
ers shall be held liable.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
y : : jCaSS>K^S^ A AlilUon American Beauties j
rg X^^^^^^^^^^^^^l^^p7 breath sweet and their whole
M imnKry^F^SBlwSnmfrW^ bodies active and healthy with |
CASOARET3 Candy Cathartic.
I JdPBeBi^^g^^^BMpSt ThequickeffectsofCASCABETS
If g|I M|^iQh»flNg^g^Bflj|^ . have become known through the
H 2<Ss '^O^JL-J^K^^» kind words of ladies who have
IS <U3k tried them. Hence tho sale of
fi pfl"^- w jgyBBwEJMf-^ oVer a million boxes a
M BB8L MONTH. • The quickest, surest
1 Tho first rule for purifying tho
H "y (H^SaSHgi^^w blood is to keep tho bowels free,
2j r /fjre|§*pEfflp* ll *^ wr %^^ gently but positively with CAS-
% T&f&rS^ CABET3. All druggists, 10c,25c,
H '■ v^r / ~J: "They main mm . 50c. Never Bold in bulk. The g en-
m ' : * \'f. feet «• goed." " uine tab* et stamped O O O. Sam-
a / pie and booklet free. Address
fj • £ , STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, Chicago or New York.
I ARJiyUAL SALE -TEW ft: f LUG Pi BOXES
II m - 8raatesi;tn the * World es
OLD SOLDIERS
HAVE HOSPITAL
New Institution for the Care
of the Veterans at Yountville
Home Is Ou>w Completed
QUARTERS FOR THE SICK
Building Is 3Iodern and Pic
turesque in Style With Ac
commodations in Abundance
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOUNTVILLE, Feb. ' 5.— At the
Veterans' Home here an up-to-date
hospital' -has Just been completed.
The Legislature at itssession of 1901
appropriated for the erection of this
building $25,000. In 1903 it made a
similar appropriation,, only $15,000 of
which has been used,, leaving a bal
ance of $10,000 still available for the
construction of a phthisical ward.;
This new institution for the sick has
been *n : course of construction .for
some months and is in every way an
ideal' abode for the invalids at the
home. , The hospital is of modern
workmanship ' and is based upon ; the
pavilion type. . The . exterior of the
building is finished in cement concrete,
upon metal lath, and is ' topped off
above . the main cornice with " Spanish
terra cotta tile.' The character of the
material employed insures a uniform
temperature throughout the building.
An ample amount of light and un
obstructed circulation of air are pos
sible throughout the building, as it is
a group of semi-detached building3
or wings. - The east and west wings
are ward "pavilions and accommodate
on the main floor thirty-flve beds and
on the basement floor thirty beds each.
In these wards on the basement floor
will be placed' convalescents and men
too old and feeble to be in the quar
ters but able to go up and down stair3
to meals and walk independently
around the grounds. On this floor
there is also a ward for men confined
entirely! to their wheel chairs.
Throughout the basement floor all in
clines are graduated. Thus the in
valids in the chairs will' be at liberty
to wheel 'themselves around as they
please. '^ There are long arcades in
front of the basement sfory, where
these , sufferers will be able to push
their chairs in and- out when the
weather is fine and look on the beauti
ful surrounding scenery. This lower
floor also affords a bright, cozy din
ing-room for these helpless invalids
and is connected by a food elevator
with the kitchen above. Besides the
wards the basement story contains the
steward's office, male employes* quar
ters and a splendid reading and smok
ing room.
At right'angles to the ward pavilions
and separating them is the administra
tion pavilion, the- main floor consist
ing of the medical director's and as
sistant's office, operating, sterilizing,
dressing, waiting and oculist's rooms.
Directly across the hall 'from;' the ope
rating room is the surgical ward,
where there Is every facility for taking
the best care of the patients. The
basement and the main floors each
have two octagonal solariums, con
necting the wards with the administra
tion pavilion. The second or top floor
is well finished and will be used as
quarters for the medical staff.
Supreme Court Ends Dispute.
The Supreme Court yesterday decid
ed that Elisha F. Gordan was entitled
to administer the estate of Eliza E.
Gordan, who died in San Francisco
October 25, 1900. Ex-Public Admin
istrator Farnham maintained that
Gordan was not a resident of Califor
nia and that he was incompetent. The
court has also decided that the firm
of Hale Bros, may collect $12,000
damages from Milliken,Bros. of New
York because tfie latter concern failed
to comply with the terms of a con
tract in which It agreed to furnish a
supply of sructural steel on a speci
fied date.
Corpse Found In the Bay.
The partly decomposed body of a
drowned man was found floating in
the bay yesterday by Harry Jacobs.
Nothing was found in the pockets by
which the body might be identified.
The trousers were of dark gray ma
terial and the : coat was dark. The
vest was missing. The underwear
was of White cotton: there were- a
negligee overshirt with black and
white stripes, black lace shoes and
black sock/ 1 . The clothing was of
cheap material and well worn.
WIFE SHOOTS
THE HUSBAND
Fresno County AVoman Opens
Fire on Her Spouse "When
He Attempts Reconciliation
BULLEt. HITS THE MARK
Rancher in §elma Receives a
Slight Wound, Then Swears
to a Complaint for an Arrest
Special Dispatch to The Call
' .SELMA. Feb. 5.— C. . C. Harris, a
rancher, brother of ex-Superior Judge
M. K. Harris of Fresno, was shot to
day by his wife, who was endeavoring
to eject him from the home.
Harris had visited the ranch In com
pany with Harry Scott for the pur
pose of effecting a reconciliation with
his wife, as the two had not been liv
ing together for several weeks owing
to domestic troubles. Mrs. Harris
met -the. two men at the ranch gate
and ordered her husband to keep off
the place. She drew a small revolver
and said that she would shoot If he did
not leave. Harris attempted to pla
cate the woman, but she snapped the
weapon twice before it went off. Her
aim was good, and a bullet struck
over 'Harris* left eye. making a super
ficial wound. The man's hat was also
perforated.-'^." • '-
Scott brought Harris to Selma, and
his wound was dressed by a surgeon,
who said the wound is not serious.
Harris has sworn to a complaint ac
cusing his wife of assault with a dead
ly .weapon with intent to commit
murder.
TO INSTALL SYSTEM FOR
TRACING FREIGHT CARS
Superintendent of Santa Fe Road
Here to Effect Arrangements for
Movement of Trains.
C. W. Kouns, superintendent of
transportation of the Santa Fe Rail
road, arrived here last evening. He
has come West for the purpose of in
stalling between this city and Los An
geles a new system for recording the
movement of freight over the Western
lines of the company. It is a system
whereby cars may be constantly
traced on their way to their destina
tion and is of special value to the
shippers of green fruit and other per
ishable products who are eager to
learn when their shipments arrive at
the points to which they are con
signed. The headquarters of the sys
tem will be In Los Angeles and will be
in charge of «. man who will not only
keep in touch with the moving freight
trains, but with the consignees, and
will furnish commercial agents of the
company along the line with informa
tion as to the daily movements of the
cars in which they are- Interested. It
has been in operation on the Gulf.
Colorado and Santa Fe line for some
time and has proved a great success.
Thrown From Wnjyon.
A. W. Matthews, a driver for the
Standard Soda Water Company, was
thrown from his wasron at Sixth and
Folsom streets and painfully, if not
seriously, injured yesterday. The
team took fright and ran away and
he was thrown violently from his seat,
sustaining a concussion of the brain
and lacerations of the head and shoul
ders. ..•',::
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I SHREVE Si CO.
STATIONERY
Invitations to Wed-
dings and all other
social occasions.
Marriage announce-
ments. Reception
and Visiting Cards.
Correspondence
papers embellished
with monograms,
crests, ct cetera. «•••
POST & MARKET STS.
Every Woman
t W^AxiVil MARVEL Whirling Spray
' P»W - The new Tt,h.l 8 7 rt»««. / n)t*
i ejt-Mo»t ConT^Dtent.
Ifh» nraot »upi>ly UJ9 X*yr 'W'TtO .
aiARi'EL. *cc«ptno -• •■C* r \t "* 'Jrz^&sr^
otter, bat tend »tamp for u- \* g '''ty%?\f
tnitr&ted book—*»««i.n trtret V*, / vJT
full p&rtlruUir* and directions la. *■*>£'/ iM
valuable 10 l«>l!<?i. m A KYKI. CO.. Wj, ' :-,!g
Times Building-. New 'Tcrlc */>«ii -^r r
OCEAN TBAVEL.
>.— .«—^— ....-..— — . ■■'. — »~^ — ..—■ . ....... ,..»,.. .. _
A2EEBICAJT I.IKE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg— SoutJiamptoa.
From New York Saturdays at 0:30 a. m
6t. LouIp Feb. 6j8t. Paul Feb'. 20
New Ycrk Feb. 13;Ph!l«d«lphla ...Feb. 27
ATLANTIC TBAKSFOHT Z.XITS.
Hew Yori— London Direct.
Minnehaha Feb. 8. 9 a ra
Manitou Feb. 13.3 a.m."
Mesnba Feb. 20. 0 a. ra
Minnetonki Feb. 27. 2 p. ml
Only flrst-class passengers carried.
DOMINION LIOTE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage-
Canada Feb. 6! Canada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 271 Vancouver ....Mar. 28
HOLLAND-AMERICA LIKE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
Haw York — Botterdam. Via BonXocaa.
' "'' • Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
•Sloterdyke Feb. 16it Amsterdam ...Mar. 1
Etatendam Feb. S3, Rotterdam Mar. S
> 'Freight only. tSteerage only. -
BSS STAB. LIITE.
new York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Feb. (UKrnonland ....Feh. 20
Vaderland ....Feb. ISfKeeland F«b ST
WHITE ST AS LOTS.
Sew York — Queenitows — LlTtrpeoL
Sailing .Wednesday*.
Oceanic. Feb.- 10, 1 pm) Majestic. Mar. % 10 am
Celtic. ..Feb. 17, 6 an. Oceanic. Msx. V*. nocn
Cedrtc. .Feb. 24. 11 am {Teutonic. Mar. l<s 10 am
Boston — Qneensto^n — Liverpool.
■Cymric .Feb. IS, Mar. II. ArrU 14
Cretlc. ; . . . .Mar. 4. Mar. St. April t*
8OSTOK MEDmSKftAHEAN SERTICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Jff apUa, a»ao«.
REPUBLIC (new) eXv \\ >|» r , s«
ROMANIC...... F«b. ST, April 9, M»r U
CANOPIC........... Mar. 413
C.-O. TAYLOR. F»sa«nxer At#nt r*ci&« Coast,
SI Tost St.. San Fr*acl*N* >
ADV3BTISEMENT3> •
Thousands Are Tak-
ing His Famous^
PAW-PAW
Cured Peop T e Spread-
ing the News
That Paw-Paw Cures Indi-
gestion and Nervous
Ailments.
HERE IS THE PROOF-READ
WHAT HE SAYS:
HON*. KIT GOULD. Chicago, Repre-
sentative of the Third Senatorial Dis-
trict and for four years the attorney for
the State Board of Pharmacy of Illinois,
sr.ys: "I have been a great sufferer from
Catarrh of the stomach, dyspepsia and
Indigestion, which completely upset my
nervous system. Munyon's Patr-Paw has
driven out these distressing ailments and
has restored all my old-time energy and
vim. It Is a marvelous remedy."
THE HONORABLE SAMUEL. W.
LANE of Augusta, Me., Is a national fig-
ure of such prominence that he needs no
Introduction at our hands. He says:
"I am pleased to state that I have been
using Munyon's Paw-Paw for two
months with the greatest benefit. I have
been a 3ufferer for forty years from ma-
laria and dyspepsia, and for tho cufe of
the latter I consider Paw-Paw absolutely
unequaled."
The Mayor of Augusta says:
City Hall.
Augusta. Me.. Aug. St. 1903.
Prof. J. M. Munyon:
Dear Sir: For the past year or more I
have been troubled with dyspepsia and
indigestion and can truthfully state that
after the use of part of one bottle of
Paw-Paw I find my stomach very much
improved and expect to become entirely
free from this ailment with the further
assistance of your vegetable pepsin,
Paw-Paw. G. A. ROBERTSON.
Mayor of Augusta. Me.
Paw-Paw furnishes good rich blood to
pale people, gives life an8 snap to the
overworked and run down, makes old
folks young and w*ak folks feel strong,
and does away with both the necessity
and desire for beer, wine and whisky.
Get a bottle to-day of your druggist.
. Large bottles. $1; Paw-Paw Laxative
i PiHs. 25 cents a bottle.
OCEAN T3AVZL.
j&yC r>V Steamers lear» Eaa Fran.
( rtj?" Cisco as fellows:
' /V'.L, _ vjV For Ketv-hlkan. "Wranye!.
' /*■ \*»'?S5l ,1 J u " Ma - Halnes. Skairjay.
: I YsLJaGi , etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Feb.
1 \ \ \Cfr^itl I S. 10. 15. 20. 2\ Mat 1.
• wl\. u yfil Change to companys steaja->
\g^~^^y ers at Seattle.
Vq/JisHjJt 1^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
roma. Everett. TVhatcom — 11 a. m.. Feb. 3.
10. 15. 20. 25. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and '». N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Taccma to N. P. Ry. : at
i Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumboMt Eayi — Pcraoea. 1:30
p. m. Feb. 4. 10. 10. n. 2S. Mar. 5. Corona.
1:50 p. m.. Feb. I. 7. 1.1. 19. 23. Mar. 2.
For Lc* Acgele* (via Port Los An«el«s and
Redondo>. San Di?go acd Santa Barbara-
Santa Roea Sundays. f> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey. 8an Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford 4Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Huenetn*.
Coos Bay 0 a. m.. Feb. 5. 13. 21. 23. Mar. 8.
Bcnita. » a. m.. Feb. 1>. 17. 23, March 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joae d«t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L* Pas. SanJa Ro-
salia Guaymas iMm.). 10 a. m . 7th eacH
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change* steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OmOSS — 4 New Montjos^-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C D. DCNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter st.
will call for and check baggage from hotel*
and residences. Telephone. Exchange 3XX
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 7. 17, 27. Mar. S. IS, 29.
April 7 and 17. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily la
service In»te3d of th« Columbia. GeorK* W.
Elder sails Feb. 12. 22. March 3. 13^ 2*.
April 2 and 12. Only steamship line to PORT-
L\ND OR., and short rail line from PortUa*
to "all points East. Through ticket* to "all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. St-mmer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a m S F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. F*iw. D«pt..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gea. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
IS MAPlfcS 6f ALEXANDRIA, EgY~PT.la3
REPUBLIC tnew) Feb. 13. Mar. 20
ROMANIC ..." Feb. 27. Apt. ft. May 14
CANOPIC C Mar. 12
<Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are tbe largest la the
Mediterranean service.
First class. fO upward.
Boston to Liverpool ou^iw
CRETIC Mar. 3. Mar. 31. Apt. 2*
CYMRIC Feb. IS. Siar. 17. Apl. H
First class. $GO snd *<53 upward, accord-
ing to steamer. Fcr plan*, etc.. address
WHITK STAR LINE. 77-Sl State st
Beaton. or-C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.. S. F
TOYO MSEN KAISHA.'
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner- First and
Erannan streets, at I p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hcngkong. calling at Kobe <TI!og3>. N:i«.»-
«akt and Shanrhai. an.l connecting at iiong-
Itonz wltn »tr»mers for India, etc. N» c«rg>>
! re.*ir«i or: board thf day of *aUlt>r
Via Honolulu. Rouni-trlp :\»::.< at reduces
rates. Fcr frvUh! a" 1 * passag* apply at Cotn-
oaar'a office. 421 Market street, comer F-.rtt.
P W. H. AVKRY. Centra! Ageat.
c sTmaRIPOSA. for TahStU Feb. iV. U a. rx
g «i VENTURA, for Honolulu. Sasu**." .Vjc*.
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Feh. 11. ? ex
* S ALAMEPA. for Ronotnha. »>K tX »t • •?».
DIRECT LINE TO HA VRK -PARTS. .* i _
5*i;:r.,{ every Thursday Inmai •">; *jf rjJTw
Saturday, at 10 •*- ra.. trom Ttw «J. wt£K£«
North Riv«r. foot «f M<»rU-« x.
Kir»t *la»a to Havre. »?» *n«* upward. 9e?.
end clams to Kj'f*. $*A »nU uivward. U.-~N"-
KRAL AGENCY FOR VNITKI* STATES AXO
c*\\HDA. *S Btoadwav <iiiU,>n Bui'.diaz>
New York. J- F. FCGA21 & CO . PartSc tcaat
Agents. 5 Muntjrrinery avenue. Saa Fraaefoc*
T1<-k»;< »»><«{ >H R-^Hr^art Tlcke: Ayents. .
Mara Island and VaU«)o St»ain«ra.
eiM>a«r OKN. FK1SVIE or Mt>XTiCi:Li-o —
»;♦-% a. in.. -'«:1.*- a>iid S>:30 p. tn.. excepi sunnay
SunJay, 9.40 a. m.. (f :3O p. m Leave v %::-). \
7 a. m., t3:3O an<) 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. ? a. n.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. Sb centa.. Tel."
Main 130S. Pier 2. M'.j»5:a-*t. dock. HATCH
BROS.FRESHENING
SHOWERS AID
THE FARMER
Southern Caiifornians Are De
lighted by the Downpour
That Makes for tho Snc
<m?S3 of the Valuable Crops
WATEB FROM CLOUDS
DROPS OX SAX DIEGO
Storm Throughout the Lower
Portion of the State Con
tinues and Causes Satisfac
tion in All of the Counties
ii«ci»i EisjatcSi to Tim CalL
SA^f DIEGO. Feb. 5.— The -entire
co'onty Treat cf the cjountaisa was vis
ited this zzcTzlzg and to-night by the
test rain that has ever come to this
section. H gsod In itself, and It
trma good because it was never more
needed thai at present.
The raia this zaornlss lasted four
hours, and at 5:55 o'clock this evening
~jin started again. It continued gen
ercusly for hours and it Is still raining.
The nioming rain brought .38 of an
inch, and the tiight rain brought .57 of
&n inch up to 8 o'clock. There' is every
Indication that the fall will continue
until nicming.
In tiie back country there was a
-hta»ier fail. The morning rain began
« ax Her and stayed later. The Escon
dido Valley had nearly two inches of
rain up to 9 o'clock, and rain is still
failing to-night. Oceanside has report
•"'1 two-thirds of an inch for the morn
ing and a half-inch for the evening
rdCl up to 8 o'clock.
It is raining at Valley Center, Teme
cula and Murieta in the northern por-
of the county, and at every place
that can be reached by telephone in the
southern sec; '.on. There were good
rains along the line of the Southern
California Mountain Water Company's
system. At the lower Otay dam there
tray a fall of .50 of an inch, at upper
otay .S6 of an inch and at Jamul 1.03
inches up to dark, and rain was still
falling. People are more than pleased
after their long wait for rain, and are
wondering if the history of 1SS7 is to be
repeated, when nine inches of rain fell
In the month of February.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. Z.— Not since j
last winter has Southern California re- (
celved such a drenching as that which
resulted from the present storm. It was
the first real rain of the season and. !
although only 1.13 inches fell in this ,
city, the country districts report a j
much heavier rainfall, especially in the
artesian belt, upon which the great |
valley south of the Tehachapi must de
pend Cor its irrigation supply.
.During ordinary seasons such an ;
arrcunt of rainfall weald be consid- j
er^i simply an incident, but this year, !
wntn only .T>~ of an inch had fallen \
tince May. it was an event. The cash ;
value of this rain to the ranchers and I
cattle owners throughout this section!
cannot be ct-rr.puted. It doe? net mean
that good crops of^very kind are as- ■
Fured; it does not mean that the full
effect! of the long draught have been |
effaced, but it means grass for the cat- t
tie and water for the growing crops !
at a time when without it both cattle
and crops would have been a total lo-ss, ;
cr practically so.
•me was when a season like the •
rrtser.t one has been would mean ruin •
for Southern California, but tffat was .
dnrlas the period when hides and tal- :
low instead of - fruit and grain were;
the staple commodities of traffic here, j
A remarkably dry year is not the ter- I
rible thing in Southern California that \
it was twenty-five years ago, for the !
■reason that the artesian plane has been ;
but little reduced and irrigation here j
has become a science. Thjs end of the ;
State will come out of the season with ;
■•5 crop which but for the development i
of water would not b« possible. The j
< :rrus crop will be better and larger ■
than last year and the present rain. If j
followed by others, will insure a fair j
yield cf grain.
Last eight .71 of an inch of rain fell j
here and that was fallowed by a com- i
paratively clear day. Late this after- j
noon rain began falling again and by J
II o'clock to-nigfet .42 of an inch had ;
fallen, making 1.13 inches for the storm. '.
The sky then cleared and at midnight ■
v.as cloudless. In the mountain dis- I
tricts the precipitation v.as much heav- i
ier. seine places reporting as much as j
Z incifcs. The storm swept over this •
section and every portion of ;this end!
nf the State received its first good ;
drenching this season. The average !
throughout Riverside and San Bcrnar- i
dino counties was about three-quarters !
of an inch. Orange County had near- j
ly ss much, and San Diegcr County ex- '
reedod half an inch. Coast points j
ranged from forty to ninety hundredths !
nrd to the northward as far as San |
Luis Obispo County there was more I
than an inch and thrice that in the j
mountains. The storm has passed east
and no more rain is promised for the j
present, but enough h?s fallen to glad
den the hearts of the ranchers and to
make possible the sprouting of thou
sands of arres of grain, the seed of i
which was sown in dry soli.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Feb. 3.-The \
rsm moderated last night but continued }
ty fall in heavy showers this morning, t
The wind was 5outher!y. with no signs !
or change. Business, heretofore dull, j
•.-assuming activity with increased
t nr.fldenc*?.
VENTURA. F>b. 5.— The precipita-
KEW ADVZBTISEMENTS.
~ I
ifO GREASE OK DAXGEBOUS DHUGS
Is. "Hercicifie." the Sew Scientific aad
Successful Dqslruff Treatment.
Have you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious parisitic disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventuallv.
!"ad to baldness. To fure it you must
tatxoy the panisite that eats at the root
lUr" 4 Thc onljr Preparation for
destroying thrse jrerms is Newbro's Her-
pindo. t.harlps Klein of Laramie Wvo
ZVE, " H^n>icidP allayed the itching!
ourrd th^ dandnjfT and stopped mr hair's
falling out: *r.d it is bringing a new
crop of hair.~ KerpicSde is Tree from
pca.sr or .l*n«-rous drucs. and makps
h.-jr s1<-.?kv and ?=oft as silk. Ono bottle
will oonviisce you of its merits. Sold by
!'a»1inj flrus-sists. Send 10c in stamps for
lll^ 1 " t0 ThC Herplcide Co - Detroit.
MEDAL ADORNS THE BREAST
OF STUDENT OF HASTINGS
Joseph .R Lucey, a Forceful Debater, Overcomes Elo
quence of Five Fellow Collegians and a Majority
of the Judges Award Him the Carnot Decoration
INVENTION MAY ASSIST
IN CURING OF LOCKJAW
Instrument Registers the Minute Dis
charge of Electricity in the
Nerves.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5.— "Capillary elec-*
tronometer" is the name of a new in
strument, delicate enough to register
the minute discharge of electricity in
the nerves and muscles. The invention
will greatly aid in the curing of lock
jaw, it is asserted, and be of great use
in nervous diseases. It is a device con
ceived by research workers in the
physiological laboratory at the Uni
versity of Chicago, its inventors being
C. C. Guthrie, E. P. Lyon and F. H.
Reiske.
A fine glass tube, with a hole in it
no larger than a capillary gland on the
back of the human hand, is the
mechanism of the instrument. The
tube at one end contains mercury,
which penetrates the small extremity
of the tube. The tube rests in a cup of
acid, and the two are joined by platin
um wire.
All life action is chemical and elec
trical, the inventors believe, and by the
action of electrical discharge from mov
ing muscle on the mercury in the tube
the amount of energy expended may be
gauged.
tion up to S o'clock this morning is .9s,
making a total of one inch for the sea
son. The total for last season for the
same period was 8.9*.
SANTA MARIA, Feb. 5.— Since yes
.erday afternoon about an inch and a
half of rain has fallen, making about
two and a half inches the entire season
thus far in this vicinity. The indica
tions are that the storm is not spent,
as a strong southeast wind is blowing.
The rain has greatly reduced the in
tense anxiety felt among farmers and
all classes for weeks past.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 5.— The rain
fall here last night was slight; fifteen
hundredths of an inch only fell in
Eakersneid, six at Stockaale and two
at Poso. A heavy snowstorm is going
on in the mountains and at Tehachaiu
the fall will be quite heavy. In the val
les^s the rain was not sufficient to be
of much benefit.
SANTA ANA, Feb. 5.— A precipita
tion of .5S of an inch of rain fell here
last night, commencing at midnight
and continuing three hours. The
moisture is sufficient to start barley,
hundreds of acres of which have been
sown, and will make heavy winter Ir
rigating unnecessary, and may start
grass in pastures, which are now al
most bare. Total for the season Is now
.95 of an inch, which is the least pre
cipitation at this time for twenty
years.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 5.— The rainfall in
tho valley for the last * twenty-four
hours is only .39 of-TLn inch, but both
the Mount Hamilton and Santa Cruz
ranges of mountains, on both sides of
the valley, are covered with snow from
the summits dorrn to the foothills. The
barometer continues low. 23.6.", ii>di
-cating more rain. The wind continues
from the south and the sky is overcast.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 5.— The rainfall
of yesterday and last night was gen
eral chroujrhout the Sacramento Val
ley and the foothills. The heaviest pre
cipitation in the valley was at Chico,
where 1.32 inches fell. Nearly two
inches Ml in the foothills. The rain
fall to date in the valley is a few inches
less than last season at a corresponding
date. Heavy snowstorms prevailed in
the mountains. During the present
storm twenty-four inches of snow fell
at Summit.
FROST MAY FOLLOW RAIN.
Weatlier Clerk Looks tor Cold Snap
After the Recent Dotvnpour.
The weather throughout Califor
hla was gradually becdroing clearer
last night. The body of the storm
swept eastward yesterday and the lat
est reports at the weather bureau
were to tho effect that Utah and Ariz
ona were getting plenty of wind and
snow. Professor McAdie states that
eastbound travelers are sure to en
counter cold, stormy wenther the
other side of the Nevada Mountains.
The wind attained a velocity of
thirty miles an hour at Modena,
thirty-six at San Diego, twenty-eight
at Phoenix and thirty-two at Yuma.
Fair weather is predicted for to-day
in Central and Northern California
surely, and probably for Southern Cal
ifornia. The temperature w»ll be
much lower and frosts are likely to
visit most of that section of the State
north of Tehachapi. Snow fell yes
terday on Mount TamalDais.
The rain did an imense -amount of
good to the agricultural and livestock
interests. SIcAdie says that morewet
■weather may be expected in the
course of Tour or five days.
( THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 1901.
WINNER OF THE CARNOT
MEDAL AND TWO OTHER
BERKELEY DEBATERS.
BERKELEY, Feb. 5.— Joseph P.
Lucey, a student in the Hastings Law
College, yas awarded the Carnot medal
for debating to-night in competition
with five other students, two from the
University of California and three from
Stanford University.
Harmon gymnasium, where the de
bate was held, was crowded to the
doors with the adherents of both sides.
Sections were held by "rooters'* of Cal
ifornia and Stanford, and the yell lead
ers kept them busy with encouraging
yells and songs.
California went into the debate with
some fears for the outcome. It had
three inexperienced men to send against
a team that had two veterans in inter
collegiate debate and a third who had
a fund of experience in secondary
; schools. The general feeling was that
Stanford with its experienced men
woBid sweep to victory. After the first
•brush to-night, -however, California's
hopes went up a peg. The forceful and
convincing argument of Lucey, which
none of the Stanford debaters seemed
to equal, turned the fortune of the day.
When the judges finally retired it was
generally conceded among those that
; had followed the argument closely that
Lucey would be the winner.
The question for debate was not an
\ nounced until two hours before the de
bate began. It was then declared to be:
"Resolved, That the French judiciary,
should b« more completely independent
| of both the legislative and executive de-
I partments." .
The debaters had had, however,
ample time to prepare their argument
as tho general subject for discussion,
"The French judicial system," had been
announced several months ago. The
debaters Were allowed to choose their
own sides on the question.
Frank A. ilandel of California chose
the affirmative. Frank Roehr of Stan
ford the negative, Alexander Sheriffs
of Stanford the affirmative and How
ard II. Lewis of Stanford the negative.
Lucy of California the affirmative.
Hart Greensfelder of . California the
negative.
The affirmative side took the ground
that government should be for the pro
tection of 'individual liberty. As it
subserves Individual liberty it should
be preserved. In civilized countries
men look to the courts for this right.
This right cannot be had if the judi
ciary is subservient to the executive,
as it is in France. The administrative
courts, appointed by the executive, do
not amply protect the individual
against the encroachment of the gov
ernment., f
In replying, the tegative declared
that tho administrative courts had
withstood the test of a hundred years
and numerous changes in the char
acter of the Government.' This system
is best fcr the French people. The de
cision not being unanimous, one of the
judges having cast his vote for Lewis
of Stanford. Judge James Seawell of
PACIFIC Sl'RKTY COMPANY
CLAIMS IT WAS DECEIVED
Brings Suit in Boston to Recover
Bonds Issued to the Fore River
Ship and Engine Works.
BOSTON, Feb. 5. — The Pacific
Surety Company of California has
brought suit in the Massachusetts Su
preme Court against the Fore River
Ship and Engine Company of Quincy,
Ma?s., its president, Francis T. Bowles,
and Henry Gerriaon Smith. The ac
tion is to recover bonds issued to the
Fore River Company, the petitioner
says, to secure the payment of salaries
for five years of 525,000 and $10,000 a
year to Bowles and Smith, respective
ly, by the Quincy corporation. The
petitioner alleges that they were led
to furnish the bonds by statements
made by the Fore River Company as
to its assets, which, it is claimed, were
incorrect. ,
Officers Named by th e Y. . M. C. A.
FRESNO, Feb. 5. — The State Y. II.
C. A. convention opened this morning
and after preliminary exercises the
first business was the election of of
ficers. It resulted as follows: Pres
ident, C. E. Rumsey of Riverside;
first vice president, Rolla V. Watt,
San Francisco; second vice president,
J. Wilbur Cate. Fresno; third vice
president, D./, Edward Collins, Oak
land; secretary, F. A. Jackson. San
Francisco; assistant secretaries, Oliver
Best and RalDh Reiner. "
MAYOR OIiNEY. OF OAKLAND
PLEADS . FOK ARBITRATION"
Delivers Lecture Urging That National
Differences Shall Be Settled With
out Resort to . Arms.
Warren Olney. Mayor of Oakland, de
livered a lecture last night at the
Academy of Sciences Hall. His subject
was "The Future of War."
Frequently the lecturer was applaud
ed during his discourse. The thems of
the lecture was the tendency on the
part of civilized people to discontinue
the practice of fighting and settle na
tional differences by peaceable means.
He detailed the settlements that had
been made between the English and
French and the Prussians and French
within a short period of years, as na
tions are reckoned, and tried to show
that the scarred wounds had been
healed thoroughly by the passage of
years and the salve of the sDirit of
peace.
He deprecated any further war meas
ures oh the part of nations, believing
that all settlements and difficulties be
t'.veen them could- be profitably ad-
Justed by arbitration..
Tom to Join Church.
A way of fortifying New Year's reso
lutions has been propounded by a Ger
man clergyman, who tells this story to
the Philadelphia Record: "I have in
my congregation a young married
woman, who has for some time past
been trying to persuade her husband
to unite with the church. She came
to me the other day and said: 'I think
Tom is now in the proper frame of
mind. If he is going to join the church
at all he must do it at once, or at least
before New Year's day.'. 'And why be
fore New Year's day?' I asked. 'Well,'
said she, . 'I've- done an awful lot of
Christmas shopping : this yea'r at the
stores where we .have accounts, and
when the bills come in at thV first of
the year I think that. If he joints the
church in the meantime, he'll have his
newly acquired Christianity to counter
act'the fit of profanity that he usually
displays when the Christmas bills come
in." " — New York Tribune.
San Francisco announced thedecision.
His colleagues . were Judge Frank J.
Murasky and Judge M. C. Sloss. In
the absence of President Wheeler. Pro
fessor Charles Mills. Gayley presided.
Lucey, the tenth Cafnbt winner, is a
second year student at Hastings' Law
College. He is a graduate of ths Poly
technic and Lowell High schools, both
of which he represented in academic
debate.
FREE! FREE!
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTIFUL. SOUVENIR
OF SAX FRANCISCO. ME-
TROPOLIS OF THK
WLNTERLESS
LAXD.
Free to Want Advertisers
NEXT SUNDAY'S, CALL.
ln''an"envclopc ready for mall-
■ ing. .
SAYS CATTLE
ARE IMPERILED
State Veterinarian Tells of His
Investigation of Conditions
in Sonthern Tart of the State
LOSS MAY BE VERY- LAEGE
Raisins: of Quarantine He De
clared to Be Necessary to the
Life of the Starving Herds
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 5. — Dr. C. H.
Blemer, State Veterinarian, returned
to Sacramento thus morning from an
investigation of conditions in the
southern part of the State. He re
ports the outlook as discouraging for
the cattlemen. He states that unless
the quarantine against the south can
be lifted, so as to permit the starving
cattle to be brought north, there will
be an immense loss. Already many
cattle have perished from hunger- and
nearly all of those remaining are too
weak to stand shipment out of the
State.
Dr. Blemer said he heard of buyers
from Arizona and Colorado being in
the south, but he expressed the opin
ion that the cattle would not survive
the trip to Colorado, if the authorities
of that State would permit them to
enter. While there is plenty of hay in
Colorado and some in Arizona, the
cost of getting it to the starving cattle
in .the south is too great for the cat
tlemen to think of attempting to save
their herds in this way.
Dr. Blemer said the range stock is
too weak to stand dipping in crude oil,
as advised .bjvSeeretary Wilson of the
Agricultural Department. In any event
this is not ot be considered, in view of
Governor Brodie's telegram to the ef
fec/ that under the statutes of Arizona
tattle from infected districts cannot be
shipped into that Territory.
When told of the protest made to
Governor Pardee by the stockmen of
Solatio and Napa counties against
raising the quarantine against the cat
tle in the south. Dr. Blemer said he
was sorry to hear of it. He declared
there would be no danger in moving
the cattle, as none but healthy stock
would be sent north if the quarantine
were removed. No cattle would be al
lowed to pass to the north unless they
were inspected, he said, and in this
way all cattle infected with Texas
fever would be kept out. He explain
ed that the loss to v the northern cat
tlemen from permitting stock from the
south'to mingle with their herds dur
ing the drought of 1898 was due to the
fact that no inspection was made then.
Now there are strict regulations, by
which all cattle can be inspected be
fore removal and any found to be in
fected will not be permitted to leave
the infected district.
JUDGES DETECT
FALSE PLUMAGE
Reverse Decision .Rendered at
■Utah's Annual Poultry Show
in the C'itv of Salt Lake
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 5. — Be- j
cause of a feather that happened to |
be in the wrong place the Judges of i
Utah's sixteenth annual poultry show I
have reversed the decision which •
awarded to James Gunter of Ogden ;
first prize for the finest specimen of j
the Brown Leghorn breed.
When the experts went'the rounds ]
to judge in this particular class they !
stopped, spellbound with admiration, )
in front of the pit that contained Gun- i
ter's exhibit, a magnificent cockerel j
that strutted about in full realization •
of his own beauty. The fowl was j
nearly perfect according to all the '
standards for judging such creatures, j
His plumage was all that could be de- j
sired, particularly his tail feathers. |
which were all <^f a beautiful shade of
brown.
Gunter was promptly awarded the I
first prize. M
On the following day one of the i
judges who happened to pass the j
Brown Leghorn's coop stopped to ad- j
mire the cockerel. There was some* I
thing wrong with the bird; his ap- j
pearance was not at all as it had been
on the day of his triumph. The ex
pert investigated. Inside the coop he
found one of the gorgeous tail feath
ers of the fowl reposing on the floor.
He picked it up and was much as
tonished to find that it bore unmis
takable evidences of man's handicraft.
Then the bird was examined and the
trick was explained.
Originally Mr. Leghorn has sported
a pure \thite tail feather that was
pretty, but which has no business on
a pure bred Brown Leghorn. No
fowl in that class with a white feather
could hope to win laurels at the poul
try show. Accordingly the white
feather was cut off and one of more
suitable hue . substituted. This was
done by means of a toothpick and a
bit of silver wire, a beautiful brown
feather being inserted in the quill, the
stump of which remained in the bird's
anatomy. The work was executed so
cleverly that the trick would not have
been^ discovered had not the trans
plantdd feather in sotne way got loose.
And so, in this borrowed plumage,
Gunter's bird won the coveted prize.
But his triumph was short lived, for
the judges reversed their decision and
awarded the trophy to another ex
hibitor.
Gives Colonist Rate to California.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 5. — The Santa
Fe Railroad announces a colonist rate
to California for the months of March
and April. JThe one-way rate from
Chicago and St. Louis is $33 and from
Missouri River points $25.
Take a Rest at Del Monte.
The scenery at D«l Monte Is very beautiful,
and fcr bathing, boating, riding; coifing and
other pleasures the place Is famous. A first
class tick-t between San .-Francisco and Los
Angelas, either direction, including two days'
entertainment at Del Monte, only ?22; chil
dren. 114 50. Privilege of thirty tlaya' htop
{,-, >r l( you wish. Southern ; Pacific agentj
will stve you carticuUra . *
RAure»B celeby coarpoTTiro.
AFTER GRIP— WEAKNESS!.
Writes Lee M. Hart, General Secretary Stage Employes* Union:
PAINE'S CELERY XOMPOUND
"Saved My Life and Gave Great Strength to My Constitution.
Now When I am Worn Down, It Gives ABUNDANT VITALITY.*
Mr. Lee 3f. Hart, who is General Sec- F was recovering', contracted pneumonia
retary of the Theatrical Stage Employes' j of which hf died. - , ._ w
International Union, emphasizes the fact! "Your Olery Compound has been a
that against La Grippe, or the a^worj
that follow Grip, there can be no \ d own by tne we Ight of my official duties.
stronger nor more certain protection J it relieve* my depression and gives me
than the wondrous strength imparted to f abundant Titalltyr
the entire system by Paine's Celery ! -LEE II. HART,
Compound. "General Secretary Theatrical Stare
r-TTTf-irr* tw/. ■» tan- Employes' International Union."
.„„ I CHICAGO. Dec. 3. UO... T „ wastins abases and enervated
Last season owing to pressure of : pbys!ca i conditions Paines Celery Com-
business I was obliged to expose myself ( pound has a marvelous ability to inviR-
to severe changes of weather. I con- j orate the body, to make new blood, to
• •••♦•••» »»>»»»•♦■♦»«»#■♦»«»»»» •«»»• ••••••♦•♦•••••••^
♦ ,-:'■■■ *■ .. &■ :w:i ~. ; .'f
' T •*« ■ ?: : ; :r -.j*-: .-. . MBWM^WSg^^alrtr • . ■■■■-•» , * :....;•.. ■ . ' ■■ . ' ■" - • j ♦
»■ ■ . • " j^^D^H^^3Bp£ii?5£5SA^}JSK j >x*"'^7^-*' ■ ■** 1 ' -. 'v.V-- ■ ' ■-■ ■; . ' % , ■- ** -,■'. ♦Tm^EjSjP^^cSjBB^EBm^^B
♦ $ :■ ::':•■•■■:.•■; -.%■£■ *•-■• -* ■■" . ,-■ v " . v .. ■ ,. (\ ' ■>■ - l\ - '"" ♦ -
* <■■ '-'■■'' ■ ' -^ •- ■' -'■- ■'■■' ■ ■-'.■■ : ■:', ■ ■. * .-.■:■' ■" ' -'■ "■■■'. -■■.' V <K£T**" y *■■ I *
» » -■■• - \>_ ■ y wtttzBS^E-3SixT££, vP^T *. ■ ---•■ ■ ■ ~* - '" : ■• -^' •■■ "■■ ■'■"■ ■ ■ v ■• ■ ■■»■ - -*■■••- ■ * * s^^I^^I^^BI^Hb •
♦ $■"-■ * \- wi^ rst^A^^ ' "■ v : >" '•*"*■"" >'■*■:.' . \ . " .../■■'-: %2£QCvbS I *
♦ • #$>.* $a '■■ *■ ' -■ 3r^2»B8» y % ' * *-■■ ■■■" - £3f£B39s9fl! •
■ v .- ■ t^s3P5ffl^Ks^-%^. ■ *««■* ■"?•■ * - 01 * ■*9-tsSS3ES?-£- '•■'• ■ v- '• : •■ JISSs^DBr ■ f ■
♦ ■- •-■' " .^"*%ffg'5tf : \ '■■*., j • r . - - :i I^^B Kft^!PK &? ■' ■-■■•""«• j^g^HBS
• LEE M. HART. ' J
• When be was weakened by Grip. Paine"* Celerr Comjoaad saved Iris lift •
* and made him well. It relieved his Depression aad rare him Tttallty, ♦■
* Working Force and True Health airala. *
'♦•»••••• •••••••••■•••■>♦•••••••••»>» ••■•••••• *»»»»mm»»
tracted La Grippe so seriously that my ? regnlate the nerves, and to fortify the
friends and the physician who was treat- system against fresh attacks of disease.'*
ing me thought I might die. ••«««««■ »»«»■»«» »«.»»»«»,
"It seemed as if my strength was not t "Tie enlr Seal Core Is that which *
coming back. But Paine's Celery Com- cures the RTSAti CAUSE. Trsatlax *
pound, at a friend's recommendation. t symptoms is mere wasta of time. •
-sras tried and benefited me greatly — un- , Tne Cause of nearly all disease and •
til I felt stronger and more healthy than ♦ pain Is is tne laser nerves.™ - .. '*
I had been in years. ♦ — Professor Edward E. Phelps. f
"I feel that it- gave great strength to ? i , I ,. D • L J^ D ", of E^rtraouth *
my constitution and saved my life, for I J gfnffSSTer? 1^: •
had a friend whose grip attack was not • pound. •
as severe as my own. but who. while he »•••••••• •«»•«»•« ••»»»»»»
BANKS TO LOAN
$50,000,000
Promise to Supply Necessary
Funds to Improve Pennsyl
vania LineJWest of Pittsburg
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— A syndicate of
New York bankers has agreed to lend
$50,000,000 for the purpose of improving
the Pennsylvania lines west of Pitts
burg and to provide funds for the pur
chase of the Western Maryland Rail
road by the Norfolk and Western a3
part of a plan for the settlement of the
Gould-Pennsylvania ' differences. The
Western Maryland is controlled by
Gould ii. J .ests and Its president. Jo
seph Ramsey Jr.. is president of the
Wabash Railroad.
According to the latest reports the
Wester.* Maryland, which runs from
Baltimore to Williamsport. Md.. and
leases a number of smaller lines, has
outstanding 'about $13,000,000 of com
mon stock and $324,000 of preferred
stock.
While a syndicate member said that
the loan would provide funds for the
purchase of the Western Maryland, it
could not be learned that negotiations
for such a purpose had . been closed
pending the conclusion of the negotia
tions, a denial such as that received
from Philadelphia was not unexpected.
Wall street regarded the statement
that one of the purposes of the loan
was the purchase of the WesteVn
Maryland as very important. The dif
ferences between the Gould-Pennsyl
vania Interests have engaged the at
tention of financiers for months, and
while reports that an adjustment was
under way have been made repeatedly
within the last few weeks, official con
firmation is lackiMg- One of the rumors
in circulation to-day was that the
Pennsylvania, after taking over the
"Westc-T Maryland- would give the
Gould lines a favorable arrangement
for seaboard traffic.
The Pennsylvania will receive the
money April 1 and issue notes bearing
4»i per cent interest therefor, the
notes to be 'taken- up in eighteen
i.:onlhs. It 13 not the Intention of the
syndicate which has taken the notes
to offer them at public sale. The price
to be paid for the notes was not made
p u D 1 i\-+
ORDER P="OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail Tnis Order to Tn» Saa Traaelseo Can Wit* 7Sc
The San Francisco Call, ) - —
San Francisco, CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book/ (Ftfly
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to ail its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is ,
to prepay shipping charges.)
"~ SIGNEr —
STREET •
• CITY •
STATE *. «
CHAMBERLAIN'S
GAME OF BLUFF
sir Henry ( ampbell-Bannerman
Keveals Interesting 1 Kit gtf
Hi>t«»rv in House of Commons
LONDON. Feb. 3.— An interesting bit
of ante-war history was revealed by
the Liberal leader; Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, in the House\f Commons
to-day in the debate on the proposed
amendment to the address in reply to
the speech from the throne. Referring
to Joseph Chamberlain's gibes at tho
attitude of the opposition when Cham
berlain yesterday defended the course
of the Government toward the Trans
vaal. Sir Henry said that when Cham
berlain interviewed him June 2S>, 1SS>,
prior to the war, and asked him if ths
opposition would support the Govern
ment In sending out 10,000 troops to
Cape Colony he (Sir Henry) expressed
surprise, whereupon Chamberlain satu:
"You need not be alarmed. There will
be no fighting. We know these fellows
won't fight. We a/e playing a gafne of
bluff."
As a result. Sir Henry added, the op
position refused to relieve the GoV*cn
ment of any responsibility regarding
the course it chose to pursue.
The statement of Sir Henry wa3
greeted with roars of laughter from
the opposition benches.
Chamberlain in reply said he did not
remember using the word "bluff." His
only object in approaching Sir Henry
was to make sure that ths South AN
rican question should not T^e treated in
a party spirit, so that the Boers might
be convinced of the earnestness of Great
Britain. '>>*: :
Reinstatement of Croker Ordered.
NEW YORK. Feb. 5. — The rein
statement of Edward F. Croker as-
Chief of the Fire Department was or
dered to-day by the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court. Croker was
removed from office early in the Low
administration. He is a nephew of
Richard Croker. -
POMONA. Feb. 3. — TSe Sal: Lai* train
>arlr.g tb> city at »:3l to-day <or L<*»
\ng«les raa o^er and klHed *n unknown
iran la the outskirts of Fonicsa. Th« man wa*
walking on the track.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FINISH A YEAR
OF GOOD WORK
Daughters of Israel Relief
Society Holds Annual Meet
ing and Election of Officers
VISITING COMMITEE URGED
All of the Retiring Officials
Rewarded by Being Chosen
Again to Direct Affairs
. «
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 5.
TJie Daughters of Israel Relief So
ciety has rewarded the retiring board
of officers for th*lr faithful work dur
ing the year and has re-elected them
?.!!. The officers rechosen are: Pres
ident. Mrs. M. H. Coffee; vice presi
dent. Mrs. Harriet Marks; recording
se< retary, Mrs. Gus Conn; financial
•yiretary. Mrs. Julius Abrahamson:
trustees. Mrs. J. Rosenberg. Mrs. M.
Klein. Mrs. A. Jacobs and Mrs. S.
Elcascr.
Mrs. M. H. Coffee, the president,
presented a report of the work for
the year just closed, in which she not
on!y tald what had been done, but
made several recommendations for
the future. Her report in part was:
Uaiire: It i* my pleasant duty to r-_t>ori to
yru th* work of this *x-iety during the past
y fS ' !t rat= not b»-en a very hard year ror
u» sf the who?" outlook of th* year has been
a bott-r one Th«re I* r.o financial depression.
In 'act there is a great deal of activity going
on :n retard U builfilne. and tmproxeraents
• arf sniirxtnsr up all over in th:«= city and its
euhurb*. This activity ha« given work 'to
oummcn laborer*, tren who would otherwise
lie around idk- and toe a menace to the com
rrrjr.lty. This fact brinr* a creat number of
s'n^le men to our city. We have to cope with
this rroblerr, if *ie ( m call it such, what to
d« with them ar.<i how to help thtm bridge over
their Idle lime. Th<*y are peTwrally sent to your
r>r»»£idrnt. b<>caufK> It is the easiest way to get
rid of there. I brought this fact to ycur no
tiie »t <v-r 1»« meetine. It was decided to
■Ek tS>e le-ard of directors of the congrega
tion to lend » helplne hand to the ladies in
thi? i>robl*-m. But untli now. we have not
had any •ncouraxinR anfwfr*. I propose that
s c^trmittee iv appointed, ccn*i«ing of gooj
Jewish cit'zens ir-.terested in matters philan
thropic, m-tao will help us with this part of
our work, as they may know *5oner where to
place th'se men that they may become self
"eui'jmrting. We nwe thanks to the officers of
the Associated Charities who always come to
our ht-lji with t"i« se nr-n.
I a!»o urpe the ladies to have a visiting
Cftnmilt'*. who will visit the people who come
to uf for assistance and help them with their
advi<~«>. In that way we may ker;> them in
touch with us, ii-j.l Uit-v will learn our ways
and their children comine in contact wl:h us
will b*cotne eood. r^r<ectabl« i nnU enlightened
citirens. At a meeting of the Associated Char
ltiei! I met a Jewish boy of nin^ years, whose
mother had to brir.r h!m ther- twice a week,
as he »«■ one nf those children taken before
the Juvenile Court. The Fi'iTrintendent re
mark-J tnat tie suffered from an ignorant
nscther.
Mrs. Coffee extended the thanks of
the society to Mrs. Julius Abraham
son for the arrangements for the
vhist tournament given by»ihe society.
Miss Anita Whitney of the Associated
Charities, Sol Lowen?tein of the Jew
ish Charities of Cincinnati, Mrs. S.
Pison of Denver. Colo.; Dr. Susan
Fenton for treating the sick. Dr.
Green for like service, Mrs. R. Cohn
for aid to the sewing class and to
Mr*. M. Hirshberg.
CARLSON JIl'ST SHOW
Jl'ISY HE IS IXXOCEXT
Jud^e Hall Denies Ills Petition for a
Writ of Habeas Corpus and
Remands Him.
OAKLAN'D. Feb. a. — John Carlson of
Berkeley failed to sain his release from
the County Jail to-day on a writ of
habeas corpus. He is accused by
Frank Fagan with having attempted
to shoot him. Carlson claims the pis
tol with which he made a demonstra
tion against Fagan was not loaded and
therefore no action could lie against
him. Judge Hall decided that Carl
son would have to demonstrate his
contention to a Jury and said a man
xvas a fool to take a chance of getting
shot by drawing a pistol he did not in
tend to use.
Carlson and Fagan had some trou
ble in the laiter's electrical store at
Berkeley. Carlson claimed Fagan had
been talking about him in regard to
union matters. He resented what he
had heard and went into the store
and drew his pistol, which he flourish
ed in Fagan's face and threatened to
kill him.
WOILD RELEASE WIFE.
• THEN CHANGES MIND
When Almost Too Late Harry Rich-
ards Asks Court lo Allow Him
to Resist Divorce.
OAKLAND. Feb. 5.— Harry Richards,
who at one time sang in the choir of
the Fim Congregational Church here
and later traveled with an operatic
troupr». has had his third change of
mind regarding a suit for divorce begun
against him by Florence E. F. Rich
ards, and after first saying he would
and then that he wouldn't, now wants
to fight it.
When the suit war first brought he
v.aa in Seattle, and he wrote to Judge
H. A. Melvin that he wanted an oppor
tunity to resist it. Later he wrote to
Judge Ogden that owing to the noto
riety it v.ould bring his children he
would not contest it. A default Judg
ment was entered against him some
time since, and to-day he appeared
through his attorney and asked to have
the ca%e reopened. The application was
taken under advisement.
Marria^ Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5. — The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Dennis Rear-
Con. 28, and Annie Kearney, 27. both
of Oakland; Henry C. Hudson. 30,
San Francisco, and Catherine 3.
Hayes. SO, Alameda: Jcseph D. Var
gas. 22. and Marie. A. Silva. 16. both
of Oakland.
Laic Shippiug Intelligence.
AtUUVED
Friday. February 5.
Ger khip X&I, Schulte, US days from Ant
tfttnr Orecon. Doran, 09 Vi hours from Port
land, via Astoria r.7t» hcuto.
ixjME.mc roirrs
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Jamc* Do!
lar. for Valrt'z. • —
ABERDEEN— Sailed Fob S— Stmr Ctntralia,
for San Ftdro: schr Comet, for Fan Pedro.
Somehow or other It seems that the
people who practice economy all tbeir
llres are not the ores that die rich.
CARE IS GIVEN
TO ALL ALIKE
Fabiola Hospital Closes the
3Iost Busy Year in the
History of Its Existence
FOLK HUNDRED FREE CASES
Old Board of Officers and
Directors Is He-elected for
Auol her Year of Work
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1 1 1 8, Broadway, Feb. 5.
The Fabiola Hospital Association
held its annual meeting to-day and the
reports of the officers showed a con
dition of prosperity and work that has
never been equaled before in the his
tory of the hospital. More patients
have been cared for .than in any pre
vious year, and, while the hospital is
in excellent condition, Mrs. John Yule,
the president, made a suggestion that
the emergency fund should be in
creased to at least 530,000 in order to
protect the hospital against fire or any
unforeseen disaster, as the institution
is now run upon the very smallest pos
sible margin.
The annual election resulted in all
of the old officers being again chosen
to fill the places that many of them
have occupied for years, with the ex
ception of Mrs. H. E. Cook, who was
unable to continue her work as a di
rector, her place being filled by Mrs.
R. W. McChesney of Alameda.
Mrs. John Yule, the president, trfld
of the work done by the hospital with
out pay, nearly one-half of the pa
tients treated there having been given
service without cost to themselves.
She said in part:
As you know, we admit and care for thr?e
classes of patients— firrt. those destitute and
unable to ray anything; second, those, with
l.rnlted means who are able to pay only a
part of cost, or perhaps Just cost of food
and medicine; third, those able and who do
pay full ho«jiltal rates. All are suffering and
peeking health. All alike are welcome and all
receive tender care. However. I might add.
should it happen that only one bed was va
cs nt in the hospital, with two applying, one
destitute, the other able to pay. other things
iK-inu orjual. the destitute cne would be given
the bed and care, for the one with money could
find care « 2 sew he re.
During the year Ju«t closed we have cared
Tor 14<)9 patients. 973 regular hospital patients,
1M more than ever before in a single year.
Three hundred and sixty-four out patients. 112
more than last' year, and f=lr.ty-four patients
were cared for by our district nurse.
Of these, <0rt were unable to nay for any
thing and received free tare; 74 of these were
cared for in the hosoital. 281 were out pa
tients. 4r> were cared for by the district nurse:
2f» paid :>art of cost: of these. 107 were reg
ular ho«pital patients. S3 were out patients,
and 1» wore cared for by the district nurse.
Of this showing. 32» paid Just cost for care;
of these. 294 were regular hospital patients
and 35 were out patients.
There were 471 patients who paid full
charges. Of these. 465 were regular hospital
patients and 6 were out r-atlente.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
O.VKU.VD. Feb. 5.— The members of the
New Century Club celebrated the birthday
anniversary of their president, Mrs. Robert
Watt. to-<iay with a luncheon that had many
delightful feature?. Only club members were
present, and so sincere Is the admiration of
these ladles for th'lr president, that the func
tion was more like a family gathering than a
mere fraternal association.
The attractive little clubrooms at the cor
ner of Fifth and Peralta streets were bright
ened with yellow jonquils, their golden beauty
showing effectively against the d--ift blue that
is characteristic of all the apartments.
Miss J. P. Wheaton acted as toastmistress
and her wit and cleverness contributed to the
social success of the luncheon. Each lady
preFent read a verse suggestive of good wishes
lor the honored guest. An amusing feature
of the affair was a huge •"pie." from which
protruded the ends of many ribbons. Each
lady was L-ermltted to pull out one ribbon,
to which was attached a pretty souvenir of
the occasion.
Mrs. Watt was made the recipient of a
very pretty framed etching, the presentation
speech bemc made by Miss Wheaton.
Among the frueets were: Ml*s Mabel Alder
fcn. Mrs. H. E. Batchelder, Mrs. H. Bothsen,
Mr*. John Buben. Mrs. E. H. Benjamin, Mr?.
J. E. Dean. Mrs. E. Douglas. Mrs. X. K.
Foster. Mrs. W. H. Friend. Mrs. J. H. Grind
ley. Mr*. A. R. Guppy. Mrs. T. J. Harris,
Mr*. C. F. Hamilton. Mrs. C. L. Hewes. Mrs.
T. B. Holmes. Mrs. C. O. Htiber. Miss Carrie
Indorf. Mrs. L. L. Irgens. Miss Leontlne Jans
sen. Miss I. M. H. Jarvip, Mrs. A. C. Jack
son. Mifs H. Kelly. Mrs. Harry Lewis, Mrs.
R. L. Leni, Mrs. L. Lefevre. Mrs. J. Long,
Mrs. E. H. Marwpdel, Mra Cora Merritt, Mr?.
M. u Morgan. Miss J. Xidvost Mrs. D L.
Xocgle. Mrs. S. X. Palmer. Mrs. J. W Pew.
Mi>. F. A. Ring. Mrs. H. P. Roach. Mrs,- S.
B. Reynolds. Mrs. B. W. Sloan, Mrs. William
Small, Mrr. James Torrey, Mm. C. C. Waltew,
Miss J. P. Wheaton. Mrs. L. H. Whltehouse
Mr?. T. Wlntrlngham. Miss R. Wolf. Mrs. C.
J. Woodbury. Mrs. W. J. Wilcox.
Mrs. George H. Tyron of Alaraeda was the
hostess at a large card party yesterday. The
decorations of the various apartments were
unusually artistic, pink carnations distinguish
ing one room, violets another and autumn
leaves predominated in the dining-room.
About sixty jrueFts enjoyed a game of 500,
the prizes beinc won by Mn. Philip Teller.
Mrs. Herbert Folger and Mrs. Howard Holraee.
Mr*. Tyson was asslytod in entertaining by
Mrs. C H. Shatturk. Mrs. James Tyson. Mr*.
Robert Tyson. Mrs. Eugene Breese. Mrs Wil
liam Abbott, Mrs. Fred Height. Mrs. Charles
Tis<'ale and Mrs. R. C. Medcraft.
Mr*. Phephcrd .Ter.ks entertained this after
noon at cards, being assisted by Mrs. T. Em
iwl Nicholson. Mrs. William Mihrain ' Miss
Be.auva!s. Mrn. Frederick B. Dallam.' Mrs.
Howard Robbins. Miss Ethel Johnson and Miss
Irere Colegrovc.
A 500 rlub wan entertained last evening by
Mr. and Mrs. Willard WilllamKon.
Those pre«ent were: Mr. and Mrn. Lee Cole
Burnham. Mr. and Mrs. Willard Williamson.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank O. WsUnn. Mr. and Mrs.
Frod Cllft. Mr. and Mrs.. Seth Mann and Mr
and Mr?. Robert S. Moore.
Mi?se* Ruth and Alice Knowle* were the
hosieries at Hie recent meeting of the Wednes
day Afternoon S00 Club, among their guests
boir.s Mis* Edith Gaskill. Mls« Chrinsle Taft.
Mi<F Edith Pelbv. MIks Ethel Valentine Mr?.
William Watt. Mi*s Claire Chabot, Mrs. Irving
Lur.bcrg, Miss Ruth Knowlef. Miss Alice
Krowl**. Miss Gcrtn'de Allen. Miss Bessie
Palrrer. Miss Jane Crellin and Miss Ethel
Crellin.
Mi--s Rose Kales was the Tiosterx at a de
liehlful luncheon to-dav. complimentary to
Miss I!nce Hoddard. The tmettti' were: . Mis*
GdMarJ. MIm El*ie Fry. MI«s Savillia Hay
den. M!p* Kitty Kutz. Miss Katherine Brown,
Mi«« Ruth Houshton, Mis* LUlie Reed MIm
"Marjorl* Cooeran. M's* Mary Downey" Misi
Brssle Ccshill and Mlr< Louise Hall.
Railway Wants Land.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— The Southern
Pacific Company wants to get posses-
Blon of the land In West Oakland re
cently awarded it through condemna
tion proceedings, and to-day Attorney
A. A. Moore asked the court to put the
company in possession. The matter will
be decided next week. The land is part
of a Rite of a large freight depot to be
established there.
Isabella Martin .Arrested.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5. — Mrs. Isabella
J. Martin was arrested this afternoon
on complaint of E. Bernadou, who
claims Mrs.- Martin, in attempting to
evict the BernadQUS.from her cottage
at Twenty-first and West streets, used
an ax. No one was seriously Injured.
Mrs. Martin was charged with bat
tery. / " -
THE SAN, FRANQISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .FEBRUARY 6, 1904.
PRISON WILL KEEP HIM
FROM PERILS OF THE SEA
Mariner Deserts From Limejuicer at Victoria and
Comes to Oakland, Where Hs Is Caught Red-
Handed While Plundering Scottish Rite Cathedral
SCOTTISH RITE MASONIC CATHEDRAL IN OAKLAND. AND
CHARLES F. HALDENBY, THE SAILOR WHO WAS ARRESTED
WHILE IN THE ACT OF PLUNDERING IT.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— Wearied of bat
tling with sea and storm, Charles F.
Haldenby, a mariner, deserted from
the British ship Pass of Brander at
Victoria, B. C, a short time ago and
headed for American territory anh a
life less strenuous than on a "lime
juicer." But Haldenby was down on
his luck. He turned burglar to-day
and was captured this afternoon liter
ally red handed while plundering the
Masonic Scottish Rite Cathedral at
305 Fourteenth street.
Haldenby was busy ransacking the
lockers in the cathedral lounging and
smoking rooms when E. B. Smith, the
custodian, came upon the unbidden
guest. The intruder made a move
toward the rear, but ywas blocked • by
the care-taker, who was reinforced by
PAINTERS FORM NEW
DISTRICT COUNCIL
Organization Just Formed Will Take
in All the Counties Around San
Francisco Bar.
The Painters' Union has formed a
new district council to take in the
counties surrounding the "bay.' W. E:
Scully, former business agent of the
Oakland union, was elected president,
W. J. Robinson vice president and
William Manning secretary.
A. S. Harris, president of the Steam
Laundry Workers' Union, was pre
sented with a gold watch on his re
tirement from office.. The following
committee was appointed to tender
the thanks of the union to the retir
ing president for the excellent manner
in which he has handled Its affairs:
Hugh Dougherty, chairman; Clarence
Hogan, Burleigh Pefley, Frederick
Wood, Harry Clunle, Frederick Bolts,
Charles Overshiner. Miss Jessie Scott,
Miss Rena Judd, • Miss May Culligan,
Miss Pauline Knell, Miss Sadie Mc-
Mahon, Miss Hall, Miss Emily Olsen,
Charles Hawley, Miss B. Deas, Patrick
McLaughlin, A. Miller, John Morris,
Edward Moss, Bert Kennedy. Thomas
Fruin, A. Harris. Daniel Croman and
Joseph Trembly. -
The existing trouble between the
pavers employed Toy the United Rail
roads over wages and hours is still
unsettled.
Mechanics' Institute . Election.
The annual election of the Mechanics'
Institute will be held on Tuesday, Feb
ruary 23. The following are the. can
didates for office of trustee, seven of
which are to be elected: George Beans
ton, Edward A. T. Gallagher, .E. P.
Heald, A. M. Hunt, James H. Lyons,
L. R. Mead, Charles Sonntag, James
Spiers, Rudolph J. Taussig, O. A. Tvelt
moe and George H.'Wallls. .
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— The Senate to-day
confirmed the nomination . of Leonard S. Cal
kins to be Postmaster at NevadaCKy.CaV •■:'.
James B. Merritt. They quickly had
the seaman-burglar in hand and pre
vented him from moving until De
tective Shorey and Patrolman Forgie
arrived in response to a call.
The sailor was taken* to the City
Prison. His hand% were badly cut by
glass broken out of a rear window' at
the cathedral, through which he had
gained entrance.
Haldenby is 41 years old. He claims
he left the ship four weeks ago. He
has been rooming; at the Ramona
House, Thirteenth and Harrison
streets, only a block from the cathe
dral. The police have learned that for
several days the prisoner' had been
from house to house in the Lakeside
district, ostensibly in search of em
ployment.
ANDREW CLUXIE OBTAINS
PART OF BROTHER'S ESTAYE
Court Makes .Order Distributing to
Him $70,000 — Widow Makes First
Appearance in Court.
An. order allowing Andrew J. Clunie
$70,000 out of the estate of the late
General Clunie was made by Judge
Coffey yesterday. The order in no
wise .affects Clunie's standing as a re
siduary legatee under the will of his
brother, neither does it reduce the es
tate to such an extent that in the event
the claims of Florence Clunie to one
half of it is allowed it will not be large
enough to meet the amount of her
claim. It is simply a distribution to
Clunie of part of the money, he would
receive whether or not the widow's con
tention, that the estate is community
property is sustained. Neither .is the
amount ' large enough to mitigate
against the interests of "Jack" Clunie,
the testator's adopted son. Mrs. Clunie
made her first appearance in court yes
terday, though she took no part in the
proceedings. ■ - "'"
Miller Resigns From Board.
; C. O. G. Miller, a former member of
the executive committee of the board
of directors of the San Francisco Gas
arid Electric Company, has resigned.
Miller resigned at a meeting of the
board held last Wednesday. Homer C.
King was chosen to fill the vacancy.
May Not Recover.
John Corillo, the aged Mexican who
was run over by Battalion Chief Max
well's buggy '.Thursday evening, is in
a serious condition. It was found at
the Receiving "Hospital that his skull
is badly fractured, apd although an
operation was performed, recovery is
doubtful. :: ; ' *' .
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5. — Representative
Hearst of New: York Introduced a bill, to-day
to em&owrr United States attorneys; without
the direction of the » Attorney General, .to en
force the -act to -protect' trade and commerce
against unlawful restraints and. monopolies.
, MADRID. Feb. 5. — Premier Maura an
nounced to-day that the strike of persons em
ployed .-hy_ the., shipping. .interest*. .at., various
Spanish ports is i at an end. ...'.*. -.'• , ,
WOULD INJURE
A SOUND BANK
Dissatisfied Man Sends Out
Telephone Messages Saying
Institution Has Been Closed
IN BEST OP CONDITION
No Kun Is Attempted, hut
the Officials Arc Greatly
Annoyed by the False Kumors
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 5.
Some person with malicious intent
started the rumor to-day that the Oak
land Bank of Savings had closed its
doors. The intent is supposed to have
been a malicious one, because it was
discovered by the bank officials that
during the day telephone messages had
been sent in many directions to that ef
fect, with the apparent desire to injure
the bank.
The story was started by anonymous
telephone messages sent to all of the
newspaper offices in Oakland. These
messages merely conveyed the Informa
tion that the Oakland, Bank of Savings
had closed its doors, and as these mes
sages were sent during banking hours
it took but a very few moments for the
newspaper men to convince themselves
that this was not true. The sender also
telephoned to various, points in .the
West Oakland railroad yards, to the
Judson Iron Works, to merchants all
over Oakland and 'even to individuals.
The story was undoubtedly sent out
with intent to do the bank injury, for
it has been inspected by the Bank Com
missioners within the last few weeks
and was never in sounder condition. W.
W. Garthwalte, the cashier of the bank,
said:
"We have traced this matter and we
are pretty well satisfied that it came
from a customer with whom we had
some differences. Never before in the
history of the bank has it been in
sounder and more prosperous condi
tion." . f
STUDENTS FAVOR
PICK AND HOE
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center. Street, Feb. 5.
By unanimous vote the students of
the University of California, meeting
•this morning in Harmon gymnasium,
decided for a student labor day on Feb
ruary 29, when every student of the
university will go out and do a day's
manual labor. Books and studies will
be laid aside in favor of the pick and
the hoe and the shovel on that day.
There will be broken backs and aching
bones and blistered hands the next
day, but these will be balmed with the
pride that comes from the conscious
ness of having done an ennobling work.
Eve: 4 the co-eds will have a share in
the, glories of the day, for they have
promised to bring around dinner pails
full with nourishment for the thousand
hungry mouths that will cry for food.
John W. Geary presit" . this morning
in the abstnee of Max Thelen, president
or the Associated Students, who is ill.
The report of the labor day committee,
consisting of F. L. Johnstone, A. L.
Price and G. J. Anloff, was read and
discussed._ This report said that the
students could make a path from Ban
croft way to Co-ed Canyon, across the
Hillegass Tract, wfth a bypath to
Hearst Hall, and widen the road lead
ing from the botany to the chemistry
building by six feet, a gravel path also
to be constructed.
A committee from the Associated
Women Students— Miss Margaret Hen
derson, Miss Martha Rice and Miss
Sarah McLean — reported that the co-eds
had agreed to contribute 15 cents each
toward a fund for the purchase of food
supplies for the workers.
Dr. Shaw Honored.
BERKELEY, Feb. 5. — Dr. Albert
Shaw, the editor of the Review of Re
views, was entertained for most of this
day in Berkeley. Professor Carl C.
Plehn, professor of finance and statis
tics and dean of the College of Letters
at the University of California, gave a
luncheon in his honor this afternoon
at the Plehn residence, 2308 Warring
street. There were six guests besides
Dr. Shaw— President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, PrSfessors Bernard Moses,
William Carey Jones, Adolph C. Miller
and Thomas N. Page and William R.
Wheeler of San Francisco. The func
tion continued from 1 to 4 o'clock.
'Professor Adolph C. Miller, professor
of political economy at the university,
entertained Dr. Shaw at a dinner this
evening at his home, 2515 Hillside
avenue. The guests were President
Wheeler, Judge John Garber, Frank J.
Symmes, Charles W. Wheeler, Profes
sors Moses, George H. Howison, Irving
Stringham and Jacques Loeb.
Overrule Sessions' ' Protest.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— The Street
Committee of the City Council has
overruled the protest of E. C. Ses
sions against the grading of Commerce
street (Fourteenth avenue), work on
which will shortly begin, after twenty
years of effort.
Found Dead in Bed.
J. Garrity,' a drug clerk, was fouud
dead in his room at the Montana
House, 784 Mission "street, last night,
and it is supposed that death was
caused by an overdose of cocaine. De
ceased rented .the room at an. early
hour yesterday morning and asked to
be. called at 5 p. m. At that hour the
clerk knocked at the door and received
a response from Garrity. About S
o'clock .. Richard Brown, a porter em
ployed in. the house, went to the room
and found the unfortunate man dead
In bed. Deputy Coroner Mike Brown
found ..several papers, each containing
twenty-five grains of cocaine, in a coat
It is aspiration that makes life rather
than respiration. . '
HOWARD TALKS
ON WATER PLAN
Chairman of Bond Committee
- Delivers an Address Before
the Oakland Board of Trade
DEFENDS E3I1NENT EXPERT
Declares That Opponents of
Project Should Show Some
thing: Better or Quit Fight
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 5'.
John L. Howard, chairman of the
special committee of the City Council,
read a paper to-night, by request,
before the Oakland Board of Trade in
explanation of the business features
of the report recently submitted to the
City Council by the committee on' the
subject of municipal water supply.
Councilman Howard, after briefly re
citing conditions that led to the organ
ization of the special committee and
defending the course of Desmond Fitz
gerald of Boston, one of the committee,
read at length from the expert's re
port, reviewed the Bay Cities' Water
Company offer and reiterated the
statements that the Contra Costa
Water Company's tender of lease and
sale was inspired by, the special com
mittee, and not by President William
J. Dingee of the water company. Con
cerning the plan of arbitration on the
value of the water company's plant.
Councilman Howard vigorously de
fended it. He said:
The committee anticipated and discussed
every question that has so far been raised
concerning the methods to be employed 1n car
rying out its recommendations. It well kne^r
that the signature of the president of the cor
poration did not bind the corporation and that
it constitutes only a moral obligation; that
when the city has chosen Its expert and is
ready to enter into the agreement, which will
be legally prepared to set forth the question
to be submitted to arbitration, the corpora
tion will be called upon to take such official
action as will make the contract legally bind
ing upon the company.
After such contract Is made the actual en
gagement of. the experts will take place, and
if, during the progress of the arbitration,
either side has just and valid reason to fear
unfair treatment the agreement to arbitrate
may be revoked at any time prior to the final
award.
NOT FORCED TO BUY.
Now to the purchase part of the proposition.
The city does not have to buy it unlecs it
v.ishes. It will be no part of the arbitration
agreement that the city is bound to purchase.
It need not even consider the idea of purchase
until after the valuation is announced. But
the water company will In advance agree to
sell at the valuation to be flxed.
Touching a series of conditions
which the committee found as obsta
cles in the way of a $6,000,000 issue of
bonds for a water plant, Mr. Howard
said:
But, .in the midst of all these doubts and
perplexities, let nw point out to you how the
difficulties disappear, under the proposition of
lease with the right of purchase.
The Immediate necessity of providjng in s
bond issue for a water supply passes away.
and the people may take the matter up at
their convenience, therefore we may begin
at once the consideration of the other projects
that seem to be urgently needefc by the city
and demanded by the people.
If the city desires to make the plant pay
for Itself, and not permit the investment to
intrench upon the 15 per cent limitation, then,
under a wise administration, this may be ac
complished during the life of the lease.
While the city is operating the plant It does
not have to consider payment for any enhance
ment in value due to the Increase In popula
tion and of the volume of business. This en
hancement will accrue to it because the price
will be fixed now.
CITY MAY LEGISLATE.
If it desires to ask legislation to enable it to
issue bonds for a revenue yielding and self
supporting property, withont Including those
bonds In the 15 per cent limitation, it may
do so.
Councilman Howard next referred
to the recommendation that the water
rates suit be dismissed, saying the
committee was courageous enough to
make that proposition, because it is in
the interests of economy.
Mr. Howard, in closing, said:
Have the opponents of the committee's rec
ommendations any other solution to offer that,
in the present situation, will better serve the
Interests of the city? If they have, it be
hooves them to submit It. and that quickly.
If they have not, then in this crisis the press.
the merchants and the people should put their
shoulders behind this movement In a united
effort to accomplish something for the good of
Oakland. i '- ' . -: :
FIUEXDS BEAR NOTED
WARRIOR TO LAST REST
Men of the Army, the Veterans, the
Masons and Odd Fellows Mourn
for Late Captain McCIeove.
BERKELEY, Feb. 5. — The funeral
of Captain William McCleave, the vet
eran warrior and pioneer citizen of
Berkeley, took place at 11 o'clock this
mqrning from the family residence,
1515 Walnut street. The services were
held under the auspices of Durant
Lodge of Masons and Lookout Moun
tain Post of the Grand Army. The
Rev. Hugh T. Dobbins delivered the
eulogy, which dealt with th*e long and
honorable career of Captain McCleave,
both in and out of the army. A num
ber of songs were sung by the Masonic
Quartet, composed of J. R. Davis,
Ralph Warden, Dr. G. F. Reinhardt
and Clarence Merrill.
Men who had known Captain Mc-
Cleave almost all his life acted as pall
bearers. They were Captain Courier,
Colonel Noyes, S. D. Waterman, C. R.
Lord, J. T. Morrison and "Warren San
born, representing the United States
army, the Masons, the Odd Fellows
and the veterans. Afterward the body
was borne to the National Cemetery at
the Presidio and buried with military
honors. . w. '*■:
To Fight Garbage Law.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— pA meeting of
West Oakland citizens at the Aloha
Club was addressed by several speak
ers last night at 1362 Peralta street in
regard to" making a resistance against
the locating of the garbage crema
tory at Twenty-second and Wood
streets. The sense of the meeting was
that the Council had no right to give a
private corporation a monopoly of the
business and that it was against the
interests of the locality to have the
crematory established there.
Says He Took His Own Coin.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5. — Frank Givens.
a porter, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of Daniel Jones, who claims
Givens took $6 from him. Givens says
the money was his own and that after
he had lent It to Jones he took it back
to prevent Jones from losing the coin,
while both of them were on a spree.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street-
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telepbone Eagle 502.
GRAND MUSIC WILL
BE HEARD OX SUNDAY
OakJanders to Be Favored With Can
tata and Splendid Chorus
of Fifty.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5. — A musical
event of more than ordinary interest
will take place next Sunday evening
at the First Presbytt^ian Church,
when Alfred Gants' sacred cantata,
"The Holy City," will be presented by
well known soloists and a chofus of
fifty voices. Thi3 will be the second
time only that this beautiful compo
sition has been heard in Oakland and
considerable Interest is being mani
fested In the approaching production.
The cantata is divided into two
parts — "Contemplation" and I "Adora
tion." It is replete with musical
gems, the splendid barytone solo, "A
New Heaven and a New Earth.'* In
the first part being one of the most
exquisite things in the entire book.
Clement; Rowlands, choir director of
the First Presbyterian Church and
the possessor of .a delightfully full,
rich voice of rare sweetness and fin
ish, will sing' this solo with an ac
companiment by an invisible choir.
There is also a fine chorus of fe
male voices. The last chorus, "Great
and Marvelous Are Thy Works," Is a
magnificent bit and ( a fitting finale to
a composition so uniformly beautiful.
The cantata will be presented under
the direction of Mr. Rowlands, and
the other soloists will be Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter and Miss Louise Stubbs,
sopranos; Mrs. Gussie Bergman, con
tralto, and F. D. Ames, tenor. Miss
Virginie de Fremery will preside at
the organ.
Says Wife Drinks
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— Henry P. Smith
to-day began a suit for divorce against
Marie N. Smith on the ground of habit
ual intemperance. He claims her use
of liquor incapacitates her from attend
ing to her household duties.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
Wlekham and Florence W. Havens to Tn«
Realty Syndicate lot 23 and XW 5 of lot 2t.
block C. Thermal Hill. Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to same, lot
on E line of LJnden street, loo N of Grant
or Forty-first. E 627.B3 to estate of John Evoy,
X 39.29. "W 627.58 to Linden. S 30.65 to be
ginning, being part3 of plats 36 and 02. V.
and D. Peralta Rancho. Oakland; quitclaim
deed; .
Martin and Eva C. Hveem to FranirH. Gra
ham (single), lot on N line of Thirty-sixth
street, 210.70 E of Linden. E 52.8«. N 10S.7«.
W 52.62 S 103.93 portion of lot 27, block B.
portion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy's property, O*k-.
land; $10.
Frank H. Graham (Jingle) to Ferdinand J.
Bartelme (single), same. Oakland; *l°
William MoSat (single) to James Moffat. lot
on X line of Alcatraz avenue. 50 E of Calata
street N 1*1:1 E 50 S 141:1; TV 50. Oak
land; $5.
Thomas P. and Elizabeth Hogan to John H.
Moylan lot on E line of Oak street. 32:« 3
of Ninth. S 30 by E 120 portion of block 135.
Kellersberger'B Map. Oakland; $10.
Holcomb Land Company (corporation) to
Mary B. Jenkins (wife of Henry E.). lot 10.
map of Santa Clara avenue property, Oakland;
$10.
Phillip and Henrietta Spies to Margaret M.
Hughes, lot on N'E corner of Forty- third and
Grove streets E 90 by N 50. Oakland; $10.
T. II. Montgomery (single) to George A.
Lewis lot on NW line of Howe street. JK> SW
of Fortieth SW 35 by NW 125. lot 4 and ad
joining S feet of lot 3. block C, Thermal Hill
Tract Oakland; $10.
Jonas I and Addle R. Bowers to Eugene O.
and Bertha E. Austin, lot on S line of Berke
ley way. 220.30 E of Louisa street. E 35 by a
110 being lot 38, College Tract. Berkeley; $10.
R A. and Florence E. Berry to II. P. Nel
son lot on W line of Grove street, 104 S of
Parker. S 104. W 106.87. X 103.76. E 114.51.
being lots 11 and 12. block G, map Crystal
Spring Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Georgtanna de Rohan Baronidla (widow> to
Lucy Helpman. lots 9. 10 and 11. subdivision
8 Tract B Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley: $10.
Florence E. and It. A. Berry to Kat« E.
Galne* lota 11 to 34. block 52. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Company, Berkeley;
Anthony Simons (single) to JoUn Tlsch. lot
on E line of Grove street. 4S:6 S «f Elm. S 2S
by E »*. portion of low 25 > and 2t>. block P.
map blocks O, P and L. Kelsey Tract, Oakland;
John Tisch Company (a corporation) to An
thony H. Simons (stnde). lot on N Hns of
Thirtieth street. 115 W of Grove.
140. lot 32. block 203*. Rowland Tract. Oak
* Charles" W. Mott to Herman Hermansen. un
divided half of lots 4 to 11. 14. 15. 25 to 37. M.
56, block 73. Northern addition to Brook.yn.
East Oakland: als» undivided naif of lot -0t
block 2053. Cotter Tract. Oakland: 810.
Same to. same, undivided half of same; $10.
William G and Florence 3. Corbaley tit
Walter Bond Corbaley. lot on SW corner of
Parker «nd Aetna streets. W 9© by 8 $bO: $!*>.
Albert L. and Violet A. Kreiss to Mar<»
Ruaao (widow), lot on E lin* of BrusH street.
75 X of Fourth. X 25 by E 75. being lot 4.
block 4S Kellersbergefs Map. Oakland: $1<>.
Isabella's. Rutherford (widow) to TllUe R.
Spear (wife of Charle* H.). lot on S line of
Parsons street; 3C0 E of Park. E 1C0 by S 100.
lots 7 and 8. block B. Parsons' Golden G*t»
Tract. Oakland: $10. '_
J. S and Clara Meyers to Mathew Jr. and
Emma C de la Montanya.* lot on S line of
East Eleventh avenue. 110.21 SW of Bell*
Vista avenue. SW 5 by SE 145.50. portion of
lot 10. block A. Bella Vista Park. East Oak-
a Ml"ddlemas Company (corporation) to R£?ft
A., and Julia E. Lewin. lot on E line of Ells
worth street. 44:li> S of Blake £44. 10 by E
127:«. lot 15. block B. Leonard Tract. Berke
ley \lmmi M Whitney fwlfe of W.) to G Tj.
C c Moller lot 24. block 12. Central Park
Atherton to E. 9. Angel.
lot on S line of Kartell street. 223 E of Saa
PaW "avenue E 25 by S 127:25. lot 64. resub
dlvlrtw o? b»"ock D and portion of E. Carrisoa
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREEDENTISTRY
Artistic Gold Fillings
Painlessly inserted for cost of ma-
terial. Teeth cleaned and regulated
free. Natural looking artificial teeth
made to fit the most difficult cases.
All our work is guaranteed for 20
years. Using <he purest gold, our
fillings will not turn olack or fall
out. . —
Week Dayst. 3 to !>; Sundayi. O to I.
Painless Methods — Extraction Frae.
Graduates Only. Clearing Fre«.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San X"ranci«co — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wasainffton Street.
San Jos* — 45 East Santa Clara TrtTMt.
Sacramento— 407 J Street.ORDINANCE REGULATING
USE OF AUTOMOBILES
Commissioners Listen to a Delegation of Machine
Experts — Additional Privileges in Golden Gate
Park Are Requested — Board Discusses New Work
Commissioners A. B. Spreckels, Reu
ben H. Lloyd, Frank J. Sullivan and A.
Altman attended a meeting of the
Board of Park Commissioners yester
day afternoon al the office of the presi
dent of the board. Owing to sickness
William J. Dingce wa s not able to at
tend. John McLaren, superintendent,
reported that the work on Columbia
square recently ordered by the board
v as finished. It was also reported that
the trees selected for the adornment of
the grounds surrounding the California
building at the St. Louis Exposition
were boxed and ready for shipment.
The profits o f the Japanese tea gar
den in Golden Gate Park for the month
of January amounted to 567 92. The
children's playground returned a profit
of $206 12 for the same month. The
total force cf men employed on parks
«.nd squares during the month of Janu
ary was 26L The superintendent re
ported that Srreckels Lake was very
nearly filled to its full depth and that
model yachts graced the waters.
P. D. Merchant sent a communication
to the beard E-jggrestir.g that stands be
placed In the park for the accommoda
tion of automobiles.
A communication was received from
Stephen G. Byrne, president of the Pre
cita Valley Improvement Club, in which
the statement wes made that condi
tions at Eernal Park were not agreeable
to the people in that locality. It was
represented that there was not a bench
lo eit on. The Commissioners discussed
the features of Bernal Park and sug
pested to the superintendent that the
deciduous trees be removed and aca
cias. Monterey cypress and gum trees
be planted. Two carloads of logs for
benches to supply this and other parks
with seats were ordered.
AUBURY WOULD BORROW.
A letter from L. E. Aubury, State
Mineralogist, requesting a loan from
the Memorial Museum of the statue
representing a California miner was
read ar.d discussed. Commissioner Alt
man remarked that the statue was in
plaster, being a replica of the figure on
the Native Sons" monument. It was
donated to the museum by James D.
Phelan. It was the sense of the com
mission that it should not leave the
museum. Mr. Aubury. representing the
miners, desires to exhibit the figure in
The mining display from California at
the St. Louis Exposition.
The Associated Students at Berkeley
turn out as a body once in four years,
every; leap year, and perform some
•rork in road building. Four years ago
they borrowed tools, picks, shovels,
etc., from Golden Gate Park. They re
quested another loan of implements.
The request had to be denied, as the
present supply of tools in Golden Gate
Park is limited.
Bids for Ktevfs' variable transmis
sion f n r the windmill were received.
Tr.o bid of thp Joshua Her.dy Machine
Works was 5715. The bid of George E.
Dow was %700. The board awarded the
contract to the lowest bidder.
F. A. Hyde.«John D. .Spreckels. L. P.
LoTvc. P. G. Bockbee and C. C. Moore,
a d'l-?gation from the automobile club
at San Francisco, waited on the com
mission with reference to the Lloyd
«Tdinance for the r^r -lation of auto
mobiles :n Golden Gate Park. It was
maintained by the representatives of
the club lhat the automobile should
b* judged on its merits and that con
sideration should be given to those
who respect regulations. The majority
sof automobile owners we~e not scorch
erf. It was conceded that the auto
mobile was now known as the rich
man's wheel, but it was asserted that
it would In time become the poor man's
v hide. Mr. Hyde remarked that there
were 500 automobiles in San Francisco
and that 5000 people were using th° ve
hicles.
CLAIM AUTOS ARE SAFE.
It was asserted in the arguments sub
mitted by the delegation that an auto
mobile moving at a speed of twenty
miles an hour was safer than a hor?e
tfrawn vehicle going at eight miles an
hour. An offer was. made to shov.- the
commission how quickly and safely the
priced of the machine could b« dimin
ished.
Commissioner Sullivan referred tc
regulations in force on one of the great
avenues of Paris and the safeguards
established in Prospect Park, Brooklyn,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Man Is Rich Enough
To be ur.apprec!atlve of eood laundry
work.
Rich or poor— on« can't help recogniz
!rg the «jperb quality of that we turn
out — It's evident on Its face that superior
raetho<5a are employed ia cleansing and
finishing every article.
One bundle here Is evidence enough for
anyone — all we ask to convince you.
No saw eflges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
crricc ioc4 haeket stseet
Near Po«r«II."
Phone Pi-irate Exchange 87.
ccrcEisia m cxctibt bischasssi
A CURE IN lo UOUBS.
and Central Park. New York. He as
serted that Golden Gate Park was the
pleasure ground of the poor people and
that every precaution for the safety
and comfort of the people should be
observed. He Indicated that he would
not sustain an ordinance granting to
automobile privileges greater than
those allowed at present. Mr. Sullivan
fpoke of his own horses shying at an
automobile. It was suggested by J. D.
Spreeke'.s that the Commissioner should
get an automobile, for it would not
J?hy. Mr. Spreckels asserted that acci
dents in the park incident to the use
of automobiles were very few. Not a
case involving the loss of a single life
has been cited. A point of danger is
the Stanyan-street entrance, but the
automobile men move the vehicles there
through masses of people with such
care that no accidents occur.
The automobile delegation cited In
stances of horse racing 1 in the park that
caused peril to women and children, yet
it was not proposed to exclude horse
drawn vehicles. The representatives cf
the club held that they should not be
excluded from jthe park because irre
sponsible men disobeyed the law. Ar
gument was advanced that the topog
raphy of San Francisco was such that
Golden Gate Park was one of the places
suitable for automobiles.
Commissioner Altman fancied that
police protection was eomething that
the board should consider. He had no
prejudice against the automobile and
would support an ordinance granting
privileges requested, provided police
measures for the enforcement of the
order could be had.
A GOOD ILLUSTRATION*.
Mr. Lowe remarked that the best il
lustration of the safety of the automo
bile was given at the Stanyan-street
entrance, where the machines were
moved through crowds of people.
The delegation retired and the Com
missioners discussed the proposed or
dinance. President Spreckels objected
to that portion of the order granting
automobile privileges on the Overlook
drive.
Commissioner Lloyd said the order
limited the speed on the Overlook
drive to ten miles an hour and to eight
on the curves. On the Great Highway
the speed was limited to six miles an
hour.
It peemed to be the sense of the com
mission that the use of the Great High
way should be extended so that auto
mobiles could reach the Cliff House
from the northerly side of the park.
Four affirmative votes are required
for the adoption of the ordinance, and
modifications seem necessary in order
to obtain this support. It was agreed
thm Mr. Lloyd should provide each
Commissioner with a copy, and such
copy should be amended in the man
ner desired by the Commissioners. A
conference will follow, and. if possible,
an order acceptable to v all will be
framed for consideration at the regu
lar meeting' in March.
The problem of new work in Golden
Gate Park was discussed. The needs
of a new museum or the extension of
the building; now occupied engaged the
attention of the board. It was the
judgment of the board that money was
not now available for this enterprise.
Projects relating to speed track,
athletic grounds and polo fields on the
uestern end of the park were dis
cussed.
On motion of Mr. Lloyd, seconded by
Mr. Sullivan, President Spreckels was
requested to confer with the Polo As
sociation to ascertain to what extent
the polo men would assist in the en
terprise.
TO LAY SIDEWALKS ON"
rOINT LOBOS AVENUE
Board of Public Works Passes Reso
lution of Expediency for the Carry
ing Out of Improvement.
The Board of Public Works yester
day passed a resolution to the effect
that the construction of artificial stone
sidewalks on Point Lobos avenue,
from Williamson street to First ave
nue, is expedient and required by the
public interest. Several property
owners opposed the resolution, saying
that they were making arrangements
to lay 2000 feet of sidewalk on Point
Lobos avenue, but the board was of
th» opinion that the resolution was
necessary.
The board awarded the contract for
a sewer in Cedar street to Fred L*fler
for $1 65 a lineal foot.
The board recommended to the Su
pervisors that grades be changed on
Dore street.
Cannot Find Trace of Gomez.
Andreas Gomez preferred to forfeit
his cash ball of $1350 rather than
stand trial before a jury in Judge Law
lor's court on a charge of grand lar
ceny. He could afford to do it, as he
is still $2400 in pocket. Gomez was
co-defendant with Richards Fernan
dez, who was convicted last week and
is waiting sentence. They gave Can
dido'Garatigui $10. telling him that
?. lottery' ticket he had purchased had
won an approximation prize of that
amount, when it had won a capital
prize of $7500, which they divided.
Gomez's case was again called yester
day and continued for another week.
The Judge was informed that no trace
of him could be found.
A revr skyscraper is to be erected
here shortly. This city will soon assume
h metropolitan aspect not surpassed by
i-ven New York. Buy a gas range from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st •
Would Restrain Police Chief.
J. Lucchi, lessee of premises on
Dupont street, near Pacific, yesterday
applied to Presiding Judge Kerrigan
for an injunction restraining Chief of
Police Wittman from arresting the
occupants of the place. An injunction
was refused the plaintiff, but an order
directing the Chief of Police to appear
before Judge Hebbard to show cause
why it should not be issued was made.
Seropians Dismiss Suit.
John M. and George Seropian of the
firm of Seropian Bros., a corporation,
having settled their differences with
James E. Bell, A. Dalton Harrison, G.
F. Wright and IL H. Smith, directors
oi the concern, have withdrawn the
suit for $100,000 damages they filed
against the directors several weeks ago.
A dismissal of the suit was filed yes
terday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 190*.
APPROVES ROOF
GARDEN PLANS
Committee Votes to Place Cafe
Above Exhibits San Fran-
cisco Will Show to World
STRUCTURE WILh BE GAY
Contracts for City Building at
St. Louis Will. Call for
Its Immediate Construction
The committee to prepare a building
and exhibit for the St. Louis .exposi
tion that will be representative of San
Francisco met yesterday and so modi
fied the architectural plan of the mu
nicipal building to be erected as to
provide for a garden and cafe on the
roof. Architect Samuel Newsom sub
mitted a plan for this cafe and garden
on the roof, which was adopted.
To-morrow Mr. Newson will leave
this city to go to St. Louis, where he
will show the management the San
Francisco plans. Unless the stringent
regulations that ,have been adopted
relative to protection from { fire pre
vent, the roof garden feature will go
with the others that have been evolved.
That will give San Francisco a great
advertisement In many ways, so the
executive committee believes.
The structure for San Francisco will
be a glittering affair from foundation
to the top of its 100-foot tower, upon
the apex of which, instead of the cus
tomary eagle, there will be a gold nug
get. Instructions have been received
from St. Louis that this city must have
Its building done by April 30 next, as
it will occupy a place at "the front
door." Consequently next Friday L.
M. King and T. C. Judkins will start
for St. Louis to open bids and award
contracts. Then one of the most showy
structures on the exposition grounds
will arise as fast as the weather will
permit.
IN* PROMINENT PLACE.
'The phrase "at the front door," which
comes from the St. Louis management,
indicates the scenic position that has
been held out to San Francisco. From
the roof garden,* the latest proposed
addition, the most interesting" part of
the whole show will be in sight by day
and by night. The main entrance
crowds will constantly surge by San
Francisco's hospitable portals.
Directly across from San Francisco's
building will be "the pike," the "mid
way" of St. Louis' great show. In full
view from the roof will be the grand
court of honor. Within one square is
situated the great music pavilion, from
which the sound of concerts by large
musical organizations will proceed day
and night.
Directly back of San Francisco's
building will be the splendid Louisiana
State monument. The view will also
take in the grand basin, with night
illuminations.
The buildings surrounding that of
San Francisco will be domed and flat
roofed, so that the sharp tower of San
Francisco's. structure will rise conspic
uously and be seen from all portions
of the exposition grounds.
Below and above the roof garden the
architectural plans embrace a vivid
colc-r scheme. First to be considered
is the base of the main structure, which
will be an ivory white, all sides being
exactly alike. Proceeding upward the
color scheme will be wrought out with
deep crimson shading into light crim
son, then dark terra cotta shading; into
medium terra cotta, then yellow and
above that flame yellow. The tower,
which will be of glass, will repeat the
colors, running the gamut in exactly
the same order .of hues as the sub
structure. There will be electric lights
to throw out into the night the colors
of the gay tower. The structure will
be electrically outlined in part.
The heavy doors will be of ornamen
tal varieties of redwood. From the
tc-wer, from the sides and from the
corners will float the national, bear and
San Francisco flags and exposition pen
nants In profusion, grouped to produce
a carnival effect.
WILL FEED VISITORS.
While the San Francisco building will
house art, music, literature, commerce,
manufacture, Echools and all else that
appertains to San Francisco, In minia
ture representation, the roof garden is
probably as good a feature to draw at
tention and make people remember San
Francisco as any that has been de
vised. It is announced that California
food products will be served and that
a first-class caterer will be employed.
The roof garden will have in the cen
ter a kitchen which will surround the
tower. The entire floor space will be
seventy-two feet square and from this
will be taken room for a stairway and
eighteen feet square for the kitchen.
The remainder will be used for the cafe
and garden. ,
Around the sides will run open ar
bors. Overhead the roof will extend
for some distance from the tower, but
over the arbors — wherein will be the
choice seats for observation while eat
ing San Francisco viands and drinking
California wines— there will be awn
ings that can be rolled up and lowered,
according to need.
At the corners of the garden will be
roofed booths with* tables for the ac
commodation of parties. In the roof
garden visitors to the San Francisco
building, when they are not looking at
the exhibits, viewing the moving pic
tures of San Francisco or studying its
art, history. Industries, commerce, etc.,
as shown in exhibits, may feast and at
the same time, while resting, see a
wonderful moving spectacle, to be af
forded by the restless life of the expo
sition. At the four corners of the San
Francisco . building will be seats sur
rounding four ornamental flag staffs.
and these will be for the accommoda
tion of the public- The staffs will be
tinted in harmony with the color
scheme of the building.
At tire meeting of the committee yes
terday the following subcommittees
were appointed by Chairman James D.
Phelan: On music, H. J. Stewart and
Shatter Howard; on books, George/ P.
Clark, Fred Teggart, W. R. Williams,
George H. Fitch and Ina D. Coolbrith;
on art. A. F. Mathews, 1^ P. Lafmer.
Robert Aitken and Douglas Tilden. .
Geologists speak of that fraction of
the rainfall which reaches the; sea
through streams as the "run-off .'' The
run-off in Connecticut is half the rain
fall, while in the Mississippi' basin it is
but one-fourth.
WARRIOR IN CUSTODY
ON CHARGE OF ROBBERY
Former Philippine Defender Accused of Robbing
Martin Steiner— Seeress Fails to Dodge Things
Coming Her Way— Overhaulser Held for Inquiry
Only because he needed the money,
Frank Summers, a discharged soldier,
who spent two years in rounding up
the natives that lived on the borders
of Mindanao Lake and making them
good citizens, followed Martin Steiner
from a saloon at 315 Pacific street.
Steiner had been making a good fel
low of himself around the dance halls
and he looked as if he might be ripe
for; a plucking. .
At the junction of Pacific and San
some streets Summers 'laid vio
lent hands on* the throat of
Steiner, and with . -theV other
mitt he Industriously searched his vic
tim's pockets. • He . secured a gold
watch and $2 50 In money. If there had
been a sack of wheat -or a ton of coal
in Steiner'B pockets Summers would
have secured them, b^ause his search
was thorough. .. ,'t v
"When Steiner was finally released
from the throat-grip and. given an op
portunity to use his pipes , again, he
poured forth an appealing melody in
minors' that brought nearly all the po
licemen in the district to the scene.
Summers had backed into the Head
light saloon at 400 Pacific street and, it
is alleged, he passed the pilfered time
piece to a bartender in the resort, one
Joseph May. May was taken into cus
tody and is now held to allow the po
lice to Investigate his record.
Summers was before Judge Fritz/yes
terday to answer to the charge of rob
bery and after being instructed and ar
raigned was given one week to prepare
his defense.
J. L. Muro was a defendant in Judge
Mogan's court yesterCiy. He was ac
cused of disturbing the peaceful life of
Mrs. Mubo, who runs a fortune telling
joint on Geary street,' near Powell. She
professes "td read your story In the
stars" and the tale she told to him was
of a world he biiilded by his vain de
sires. Also there was a horoscope of
the life when he would arise In a world
of men and strive when the race was
to the swift and the battle to the
strong.
Even under these inducements the
thonsr of "vain, sweet love enthralled
him." He became madly Infatuated
with the seeress arid bothered her for
months. Once before he was arrested
on a similar charge because he insisted
on reviving the knowledge ■ she im
parted to him before the. appointed
time had come. He had found his af
finity 2683 years before she was due.
' "When he invited Mrs. Mubo -to sup
per Thursday night she refused to go
with hi.n. Following the refusal came
ethereal water pitchers, subliminary
frc.'-nents of a folding-bed and celestial
reminiscences of a broken mantelpiece,
ail propelled by the defendant and "de
voted to the person of the female sage
who can con the wisdom of the future
ages.. "While she had a block against
the'ftttnre/she was pervious to'current
events,* and; the^ things ; - that^ came her
way " f roni rthe ' wrecking- operations ' of
Muro inflicted suclr sever,e-hijurles that
she was. unable /leT-appear in effurt- v
The police found-Muro In a dark room
of a house at. 410 Post street, and the
inhabitants of the domicile thought the
house was being "When
LYMAN' FOSTER OPPOSES
STEPMOTHER'S PETITIOX
Claims That Widow of the Late Mer
chant Is Well Enough Provided For
Without the Family Residence.
Lyman J3. Foster, son of the late
merchant, Samuel Foster, filed an op
position yesterday to the petition - of
Mary Foster, his stepmother, to have
assigned to her as a homestead the
Foster residence on Washington street.
He claims that it would work an In
justice to him and the other heirs un
der the will of Foster, and says that
without the homestead, which yields
an income of "$85 a month, Mrs. Foster
is already amply provided for.
Foster's opposition sets forth that
under the will of Foster his second
wife will receive a half of the com
munity property and a third of the
separate property of the merchant,
amb-unting in all to $47,500. This sum.
he says, will yield her an income of
$200 a month, in addition to the family
allowance of $200 a month allowed her
by the court. His share of the estate
under the will' Is $95,000. which yields
him an income of almost $400 a month.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|1 Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent S
Jig in the case of women). Thcy.'give instantaneous relief. . BJ
j|| Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster. |jj|
H DIRECTIONS FOR USE ||j
F|fj For pains in the region of For Rheumatism or Pains For Sore Throat. Cougfes, fecM
cgS th» Wdnev*. or for a Weak In Shoulders, Bifcows or Bronchitis, for We*k farj
I Back, the piaster should be elsewhere, or for Sprains. Lnnf» and for painful ind |9
KJ applied as shown above. Sti (f n ess, etc.. and for sensitive parts of the abdo- ttSI
BEj Wherever there is pain Achinr Feet, cut plaster men, apply as indicated. «s|
tSSa apply Allcocfc's Plaster. - size and shape required and . fcjl
Kr^ '. apply to part affected 'as &M
I Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs M
II Weak-Chest. Weak; Back ||
H Lumbago, Sciatica, &c, &c, I
O : v R C M E M B E R— A Jlcock's Plasters are the original and genuine poroas : 5
HI I plaster and have never beta equalled as pain-curers. Furthermore, they are I
Bn absolutely' safe as they do sot contain belladonna, opium or any poison |
they ascertained the real cause of the
trouble they refused to prosecute. Ac
cordingly, the only charge made
against Muro was that of disturbing
the peace. The case vras continued for
one wefk to allow the fortune teller to
recover and appear in court.
Josiah Overhaulser -is a young man
who requires. an overseer. Perhaps a
turnkey or a prison guard would be
better.
He was "jefore Judge Moran yester
day on charges of carrying concealed
weapons, . having burglar tools in his
possession and; being a worthless per
son who despised the dignity of labor
and was classed as a vagrant.
He was arrested in a- cheap lodging
house on Sacramento. street Thursday
night. Incriminating evidence — a bunch
of skeleton - keys, a revolver and a
package of "yen-shee"— was # found on
his person. The Judge continued his
case for one week in order to allow
the police an opportunity to investigate
Overhaulser's record.
Stablemen that are in the habit of
maKng the -streets a depository for
their, various vehicles after a scrub
bing in the morning would better watch
out or the bogie man 'lj/get 'em. There
13,3- ordinance against such a prac
tice and a police edict has gone forth
that any violations of It shall result
in the Immediate arrest of the proprie
tor.
- The exemplar, in the person of W." J.
Gallagher, who conducts a well-known
livery ; barn . at Laguna. and Grove
streets, was before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday. He' was not fined because- he
promised hereafter to regard the ordi
nance carefully. Other, livery barns
may not meet with the same clemency
when the owners are arrested for like
offenses.
John Garman, a toiler In many seas
and lands, acquired more steam beers
than was commensurate with his foot
work Thursday night and dipped one
of his shoulders through a window of a
Third-street saloon. He was before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a charge
of malicious mischief, but was dis
missed on a promise " to pay for the
shattered silica. ' < . • "•
. John Lundgrin, the "original K. C.
kid," is in Jail. Judge Fritz ordered
him into custody for fear • he might
commence "milling" against the pres
sure that was being brought to bear
upon him to take back the gold which
he claims was sequestered from him by
a brace of sure-thing men in a Mis
sion-street saloon. One of the men ac
cused, of the work is "Con" Sullivan
and he is being held in $1000 bonds.
The other man has ! not been appre
hended. ■• The amount lost was $100,
through the old "top and bottom" dice
game.
According to the , police »• overtures
were .made to- square 'the "matter with
.the ; defendant and he was willing
{When Judge Fritz, heard of this he
% promptly ordered "Lundgrin into cus
tody as a rebuke to those who attempt
to make the Police courts collection
agencies for men who lack the heart to
prosecute when a show-down comes.
FEDERAL COURTS ADJOURN*
IN" MEMORY OF THE DEAD
Tribute Paid to the Late Assistant
United States District Attorney E.
J. Banning by the Judges.*
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
and United States District Judge de
Haven paid a tribute of respect to the
memory of the late Edward J. Ban
ning, First Assistant United States
District Attorney, by adjourning their
courts yesterday afternoon. United
States District Attorney Wood worth
made a motion to that effect in the
District Court and it was seconded by
Assistant District Attorney Ben L.
McKinley. The motion to adjourn
was made in the Circuit Court by
Duncan E. McKinlay and was second
ed by Bert Schlesinger.
The speakers eulogized their dead
comrade a« one who had just entered
upon the threshold of a high and hon
orable career and one whose loss
would be Ions remembered.
Mr. Banning's funeral will be held
on Sunday morning at 10 o'clock from
the family residence, 668 Castro street.
- - ADVEBTI3ESTENTS. - ..
ABSOLUTE SEGURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIYER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of y^ccc^^^z^
vg|||§?§j|^ *«»otutety CureMr^g 1 1 ■ 8—1&
&z&8J§La sick headache, fe i II \B ST O
TORPID LIVER - b -I H EaB
/finB \U FURREDTONGUE & 1 sp^n n n OP*
*ffl i2 cqnst|pat|on Ml " "
ca| I r\*A/ ct/ iikj HHHsHsBHiHHflBI^BHHBiliHHBHVHHHIVBl
ThnTOUCH«h.LiVER !£SS "
Cenufnt Wrapper Printed on j- srf
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford nacitial opportunities for. aa
economical And satisfactory jouncr to
ChicagodJast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For fill Information tppty to or addnss
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
General Agent. ' C-en 1 Ajra: Pass'r Dept.,
CUcaso & Nsrtn-Westera Ry. L'nioa Pad&c K . R.
I 617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
1 SAN PXASC1SCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1RS
SAJXWAY COMPA2TT.
Tlbnrca Ferry. TooX of Market Street.
SA5 TRAXCXSCO TO SAV EAFAEX..
AV KEK. DAYS — 7 ::ju. 9:W, ll:ou a. m.; 12:35,
3:3o. 5:10,. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SVXDAYS— S:0O. 9:30, ll:w a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO BAS FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:1)6, 7:35. 7:5O. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; ll':5O. 3:40. 5:0O. 5:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:15 a. tn.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. 1 Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Daya. [ daya. ) tlon. | flayg. | Daya.
7:30 ■' 8:00 al ~ 9:10 at 8:4O a '
I 9:30 a) Igr.aclo. 10:40 a ! 10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 pj (5:05 pj 6:20 p
5:10 p; 5:00 p| ( 7:35 pj
7:30 a l o ™ I | »:10 t( 8:40 a
i 8:00 ai Xorato. |I0:4O 8110:30 a
3:3O p[ 9:3O « Petaluma ] «:0S pf «:2O p
5:10 p! 3:30 pj and [ 7:35 p! •
I 6:00 p[ Santa Rosa. ( ;
7:30 *' I |10:4O a 10:20 a j
■ ™ ! £ : £° al Fulton. 7:33 pi «:»> p ;
S:30 pj 3:30 pj | j v j
I I Windsor. j j
. :3O ai 8:00 a! Heal.lsburs;. tl0:40 a, 10 20 a
• I Lytton. I 1
3:30 p] 3:30 pj Geys-rville, | 7:35 p» 6 20 p '
I 1 Cloverdale. |- \ P j
ii^ a l 2 : S° k a I Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a •
3:80 pj 3:30 p| and Ukiah. ( 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! WUfltg. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:CO a) ' 110 40 s'lrt-^o '<
3:30 p| 3:3Q r j Guernevllle. /'"r'a pi 6^ I i
7:r>0 a| S:0O al Sonoma [ 9:10 a S:4O a '
5.10 tj j:C0 p| Glen Ellen. | «:05 pi ti:SO & \
7:30 a! 8:W a[ 110:40 a'10-20 a i
3:20 pj 3:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:35 p; «. : 20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for^ ian
Quent,«j; at Santa Rosa for Wnite Sulphur
bprinffs; at Fultcn for Altrurta and Mark wA :
tpr.nirs; at Jetton. for Lvtton Springs; at Gey- I
»»rvl!!e for Skaeija Springs; at Cloverdale for !
th« Goysers. Boonerllle and Greenwood at
Honland for Duiw^n Springs. Highland Sprinvs I
Keiaeyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake' ■
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichv '
Hprtngs. Saratoga Springs. B!ue Lakes L*urU
Dcil I^ike. Witter Springs, fpper Lake Porno '
Potter Valley, John Day's. Hiveraide Lte-)T-»'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights HullvMIe Orr"»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche." Camo
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bratr
Westport. Ural: st W! lifts ror Fcrt Brag*
Westport. Sherwood. C»hto. Covello. Layton'-
vil;e. Cummlrsrs. Ben's Springs, Harris OI-
«en'B. Dyer. OarberviHe, Pepperwood Scot'a
and Eureka. / " "
Saturday to Sunday round-trip t!ck*ta at re-
duced rates. •
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at hair rates -
Ticket offices. «30 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING; R. X. RYAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Ajt.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
mnx valley,
CAZADERO, Etc. !
via Sansalito Perry. :
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric— I
Depart from San Francisco Dally — 7:00, 8:00 I
9:OO, 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:4.%. 3:15. 4:15. !
5:15. 6:15. 7:CO. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO ■
—Dally. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. »:35. 11:08 a. '
n:.. 12:20 1:43. 2:55, 3:43. 4:45. 5:45, 8:45.
5:45. 10:2rt p. m;
FROM MILL VALL.ET TO SAX 3*R.KX-
C1SCO— Daily. 5:45. «:53. 7:52. 8:55. 9:5.1,
11:20 a. m.. 12:33. 2:00. 3:15. -4:03. 5:05, 6:05,
7:C5, 9:00, 10:.a p. m.
• THROUGH TRAINS.
8:0O a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations, j
5:15 p. tn. weeic days (Saturdays ezcepfed) — ;
Tomales and way stalicns.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero an-i way sta-
tions.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes an<1
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — C26 Market »t.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt.Tamalpais Railway I
Leave fix Siassilu Ferry ,. Arrive [
SaaFtandaco F— i sf lirkst fc. Sao Fnndaca .
Week SonT" -_gng. Sod- I Week' 1
Pars- days jf5(£3*3)L. days Da vs. J
•H:Mi'»8:OO* fcg£il££g*& 13:O»pr0l4Ci
•1:45p »:OOa tS^^^Sy l:«5r*:5l»?
U:16f 1O:OOa Q^«3# *:50p 5:5Up
,., 11:00a \ra§S' 4:50r t:i9»
> «>ssM«t^fla«t^>fc ■
ncUT ICBMAUn STwCX-ortb Shore Railroadi
must I aad SA9*uxro Fsuy, Foot Usrkac St.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at f»:"O a. m, tiiroaarh la 3 days,
■with disar and all trapntajr*.
Ot&ar Saata Pa Trains:
i : 2?*- ™-\ for Stockton, Fresno. Bakarsfleld.
•;^*-™-j ilerce-l. Hanford and Vlaalla,
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
9:00 p. m. for Kan«as Cltr. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCES — 641 Market St. and
rerry Depot. S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Col. 27 SoTXtb rir»s
St- San Jo«e. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'I rain* leave and are dae to arrive a>S
s.lN FRANCISCO.
(M»Ia Line. Foot of Market Street »
7X0* V»e«»ti:e. Wlater*. KuscmV- 7 5 Or"
7 CO a Beslct*. Satsoa. Elm.ra aaU Sacra-
mento 7-20?
7.3JU Vailejo. VaTS, Callstof*. Saal*
Uou, Uartlaes. 8«a liamon 8 20?
7 30* N!>». LtTermore. Tracy, Laxoropi
Stockroa 7 20»
100* Sfc-.st.% EzpreM— (V:* lwvu .
T.'U'.uim (for B*rtU«t Springs).
Willows. tFmto. Mel BlaX
Portland. Ta^oma, Seattle 7-58r
ICO* Da»la. Woodland. Knlghu Landing
MarytTllle. Otot file 7-SBr
1-30* Fore Cottm. Martinez. Antiocb.
Eyroa. Tracy. Stoelctoa. Vew-
rata, Los Uanoe. Mendota.
Ansooa. Hanfurd. Vliatta,
Forterrlllo 4.2C»
8-30* Port Conta. Martln?z. Tracy. Lsth-
rop. Modesto. M-rcrrt. Fre«n>\
Goanea Janct!on. Ban ford.
VliaKa. BakenaeW 4J0*
8-30* K':e». Saa Joee, LtTermore. 9:ock-
ton. (*Ullton>. lone. Sacramento,
Placerrilla. MarjtTUle. Catco.
CM Bind - 4.2O
8-30^ OVsda'.e. Chinese. Jamestown. 3o-
nora. Taolumne and Angel* . 4.20?
9 00* Atlantic Express— Ogden«adE«t. 11.20*
9.30a Bicbmond. Marttne* and Way
8u:ioa* 8 53?
10 CO* The Orrrland Limited — Ocdea.
Denrer. Oman*. Chicago. S 20-
1000i Valle'o 12 2Cf
10.00a Los Aaselea Pa»«eneer — Port
Costa. Msrtfnez. Hyna. Truer.
J.sithrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raj~Doad. Fresno. Gosnen Junc-
tion. Banford, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersae!d. Los Angeles 7-Z0>
2 GO* Bayward. Xlltaaad Way 3Uttoaa. 3-207
ttCOr Sacrsmento HlTer Steadier* tii.OOr
3 30r Besicta. Winters. Sacrameatttt
- WoodlaiwL Kntgat» Laadtog.
M»rysT!!'.e. OroT«l« and war m _„
stations IBBOk
3 33? Hayward.SllesandWay 8tatlons.. 7-50?
J.30r Fort Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracr. L*:hrop, Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and TTay Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa. 12-20?
iZOr Mirtlnex. Tracy. Stockton. i/*lt... 10 23*
4 00* Mir:!a«<z.5*nlUtn»n.V»:;?Jo.*."»?i
Calijtoca. Santa Rosa. 9 20*
, 400r NHea. Tracy. Stockton. LodI 4.2Z*
4 SQr Hay ward. Sites. IrTtagtoa. SaaJ *8 5CU
Jose. LtTermore I t11.5(U
6 00f Th« Owt Limited — Newman. Lot
Banos. Mrndota. Fre*no. Tu!ar%
Bskertsetd. Los Angeles.
Go!d?a State Limited 5>e?»r,
Oakland to Los Anj»>«. for Chi-
cago. Tta C. B. I. * P. MO*
tJOOr Port Costa. Tracy. 8tock:nB. ...... 12-20?
t5 3Qr Ilayward, Sl.es and Had Jose ..... 7.20a
S.OOp Hay ward. Stlea and San Jose 9.sO-»
SXSp Eastern Eipre*»— Ogden. DenTer.
Omana. St. I.oul*. Catca«o aad
Easu Port Coat*. Beatela* Sui-
snn. Elmtra, Davis. Sacramento.
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfat,
Trnrkee. Boca. Keno, Wada-
worth, Wlaneaiucca ......... 5 23?
i.OD? Vtliejo, dally. except Sunday.... » 7 . n
7.00? Vailejo, Sunday oniy ( '■»«*'
7X0? Klchmnnd. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Hart'nes and Way stations 11.23*
C-C5r Orecoa M California Express — Sac-
ramento. MarysTille. Retldtnc
Portland. Pugct Sound and East. 8-50*
fl.10? Bayward. NUes sad Saa Jose (3ao-
dayoaly) . 11-50*
COAST LINE (JMraw <uato).
tKoot of Market Street.)
1. 15* Newark. venterTlIle. San Jose.
Felton. Houiuer Creek. Santa
Craz and Way Stations- 5 55^
t2.15* Newark. Center*!!!?. 8«a Jose.
New Almadea. Los GatocFelton.
Bonlder Cr»ek. Santa Crux aad
PrU»dpal Way Station* ttO-55*
4-15? Kewark-. BaaJoie, LosOato* aadt *3 5i *
way station* * :10 5a*.
C$.30? Hoaiers Train. Saturday oaly. Saa
Joae and Way Stations. Return-
Ins from Lou Gato« Saadar oalr 1 _?7 25?
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fnmSAN tKANCISCO. ruvl uf Market aC (dilpO
— t*:IS »:0O U:t»*.H. 100 3 CO 5 15?i
From OAKLAND. Foot rf Broadway — tS:OU £i:itf
n.os ip-.ooa.m. 1200 200 4 cam. "
COAST LINE (Broad «»»«•:.
fif"< Third aaJ lDTnseni Streets.)
•.10a 8aaJo«eaad w«y Station*. 6-30?
7- CO* Paa Jose aad W»r Stations. 5.33?
t CO* New AJmaden (.Tn<*».. Fr'd.. on'.j >. 4.10?
SCO* TheCoajte? — Stops only Saa Joa«.
GHroy (connection for Hol!ls-
ter). Pajaro, Castrorllla (con-
nection to and from Moctercy
and Pacttc CroTe), 9a::aaa. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblei. Santa Mar-
cartta, Saa Lots Ubtspo. principal
stations tbeace Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
tarnee Santa Earbara,Saa Baeasr
Teatnra. Saairus- Lo» An *•>•... 10-49*
I.C*i Ssn Jose. Tres Finos. CspltoTa.
SaataCrui.PaciflcGroTe.Saliaaa.
Baa Luis Obispo aad Pr!ac!?ai
Way Stations <-10»
J0.30* «»a Jose and Way Stations. 1-20?
1130a Santa Clara. Salt Jose, Los Gatot
aad Way Stations LVw
1-30? San Jose aad Way Stations 3-3»*
Z COr Del Monte Express— Santa Cara.
San Jose. Del Monte. Monrcrey.
PaciBe GroTe (connect* at Santa. . .
Clara fur Saata Cruz, BouMer
fre»k aad Narrow Gauge Potata)
at GHroy for HoUiiter. Tres
Piaos. at CastmTtUe for SaUaaa. 12.15*
8-30? Tres Plaos WaT Passenxer 10 -IS*
4.30? Saa Jo»e and Wsy Stations tB-OQ*
, fSCOr baa Jose. (t1» Santa, Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except 8andaT> 00*
,6 cCr Saa Jose aad Principal Way Stations J3 4!U
S-CO? Saasel Limited.— Bedwofd. 8aa>
Jote. G !!roy.?al!aas. Paso Hobie*.
San Lttts Obispo. Santa H ir-> rv
Los Angeles. Demiaz. Kl Paso.
New Orleana. New York. Coc-
aeeta at Pajaro for Santa Craa,
and at Ca*trov*;> for PaciSc
GroTe and Way Stations 7.13*
tS-IS? SaaMatea.Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oa&a,
Menio Park. Pa!o Alto ♦8 43*
133? Ban Jose aed Way Stations. 8 3S*
800? Palo AI:o aad Way Stations 10.11a,
11.3O 9uathSaai*raacisco.M:U!>rae.Bar-
llngame. 8aa \tateo. Beimont.
?aa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menio Park, and Palo A!to 9-45?
•11-30? Mayfleld, Mountain View. Snaay-
Tale. Lawreace. Saata Clara aad
S*n Jas<- i9.4S*
A for Momiajr. P for Afternooa.
i Sundav execpted. $ 3aad*y only
a Saturday oaly.
t Stops at all stations on Scnday.
, CaT~ Oniy tratas stopptag at Valencia St. sowtafessiad
sr-»:W».x.,7:(W*.it,U:3OA.M..3:ar.M_«;3erj«.4a4
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Xickhaming Railroads.
1!V KXBL. I>. HEIIRT
rcrrr.fr H.->!lroa«l Kd'.tor N<;vr Vcrk Times and
New Ycrk San.)
>p>r'.Kht. 1904. br Joreph B. Bowles.)
••.Saints and Angels" 5s the latest j
nickname to be applied to a railroad.
This glorifying pseudonym has been
bestowed upon United States Senator
W. A. Clark's new Los Angeles, San
Pedro and Salt Lake Railroad, now in
process of construction. This road,
■which is only half finished, is designed
to connect Fait Lake City— the home of
the 'Saints 1 — with Los Angeles, Cal.,
the City of the Argels." From the
earliest period in the history of rail
roading ih^re has been a "stove com
mittee" — i. e.. the persons who sit
around the stove in a railroad station
and emit theories, opinions and facts
finent the current topics of the day,
philosophical, political, religious, social
and railroad. This "stove committee"
is responsib'e for most of the nicknames
that the principal railroads in this
country bear to-day.
A quarter of a century ago the pa*
trons of the Delaware, Lacka wanna and
Western Railroad grumbled a great
deal about the dilatory transportation
given them. These grumblers received
a hint from the "stove committee."
and for many years the letters D. L.
and W., painted on the company's cars,
were translated into "Delay, Linger and
Wait." It is scarcely necessary to say
that conditions on this road have
• hanged so materially that the old
nickname has become obsolete. A
roughly constructed road was the old
Indiana, Bloomington and Western.
Sufferers from ague ivere cured of their
malady when traveling on this road by
the familiar homeopathic principle of
"similia similibus curantur." The
favorite joke about this road at one
time was that it n?ed only "to be taken
to be shaken," and the people \vho did
not care to be shaken construed the
initials I. B. and W. into "I'd Better
Walk."
The traveling public generally has an
aversion for long names for railroad
companies. The Connecticut man who
■would waste vocal power on the New '
York, New Haven and Hartford is a i
rare bird. Ask any person who dwells i
within the region traversed by the lines
of that company to designate it and he
will promptly answer "The Consoli
dated." This tfrm of course applies to
the merger of numerous lines by the
act of ci.-nsoiMat.ion passed by the Con
necticut Legislature. In Pennsylvania
who ever hears of tne Pennsylvania
Railroad? It is the "Pennsy," and local
pride has given an unctuous melody to
the name. The "Panhandle" is known
to thousands where the Pittsburg, Cin
cinnati, Chicago and St. Louis is known
to one. The nickname is derived from
the fact that the road crosses the
handle of the pan which the shape of
"West Virginia suggests. >
The name "XIrkel Plate" brings up
recollections of William H. Vanderbilt
and Calvin S. Brie?. The last-named
financial meteor conceived the idea of
paralleling the Lake Shore and thus
bringing "old Vanderbilt" to terms.
Mr. Vandnbilt had to buy the new road
as a matter of s<*If-prot?ction, and when
the. question of . price came up Mr.
Briee"* figures were so high that Wil
liam H. exclaimed with characteristic
vehemence, "Why. your — road mu^t
be nickel p!ated!" And thfc. "Nickel
Plate" it has been ever since. The
West Shr-re Uailroad was purchased by
Mr. Var.derbilt under siml'ar conditions,
and although he storrnrd and fumed
for two or three years against what bo
raJd was "pure blackmail," he gave
n»w meaning to thfc company'? Initials
v.hen h» said "Why. «=u: ?," to Mr. De
pew's suggestion, "I think that v.e shall
h3ve to buy this road." >:}:'"
Take the Hould Trroup of railroad?.
What more Figrnifkant nickname could
be devised for Missouri Pacific than
"Mop?" T1i!f. is to-dny the Wall rtreet
name for that great rystem, and while
11 is a natural abbreviation of the "Mo.
P." which appears on many of the
company's car? it is expressive of the
determination of Jay Gould thai he
purposed to rr.op up all th? traffic in
i!i«? Southwest. The term "Cotton Belt"
ns applied to Gould's St. Louis and
f outbv.-entern is far more familiar than
is" the corporate name of the railroad
itself. There are dcubtlers hundreds of
spoct'lslors in Wall street who buy
"Katy" chares v/ho could not tell you
lho full name of the railroad in Jhc
sleek of which they arc speculating.
T:iis nlcknarrc is but Hie natural com
function of the two last initials of the
Missouri, Kansas and Texas.
At one stpge in the history of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific there
was i great deal of complaint that the
movement of trains was slow and un
certcin. This led to the reduction of
the company's corporate designation C.
It. L £-. P. to the popular expression
"Cry and Push." A letter received by
the writer recently asked for a defini
tion 'of "Big Four." This Vanderbilt
line, now so energetically managed by
President M. E. Ingalls, is known . of
ficially es the Cleveland, Cincinnati,
Chicago and St. Louis. It takes its
present short name because of the con
solidation several years ago of four im
portant lines, as follows: Cincinnati,
Indianapolis. St. Louis and Chicago;
Cleveland. Columbus. Cincinnati and
Indianapolis; Indianapolis and St.
Louis, and the Cincinnati, Sandusky
and Cleveland railroads.
"Why the Clover Leaf and the Maple
. - - ■ .
. — — — v
Leaf?" somebody may ask. Simply be
cause each of these lines, as drawn on a
map, forms the main arms or arteries
of the leaf named. The Clover Leaf is
the Toledo, St. Louis and Western, and
the outlines of its route present an ex
cellent picture of a clover leaf. The
Chicago Great Western, which is
known as the Maple Leaf, has its heart
in the stem and three important ter
minal points all within the frame of a
maple leaf.
Among old railroad men perhaps the
most familiar nickname is "Coffee,
Cakes and Ice Cream," which applied
to the Chicago, Columbus and Indiana
Central, now part of the Panhandle di
vision of thp Pennsylvania Railroad
system. This is something like "Brandy
and Soda," by which pseudonym the
Buffalo and Southwestern was known
before its absorption by the Erie Rail
road.
Freaking of the Erie, there are sev-j
eral nicknames that come to mind, but
they arc mostly ephemeral. The pres
ent generation scarcely remembers
"Fisk's Highway" and "Gould's Own,"
but the name that still sticks to a part
of the Erie system is "Xypono." This
is an abbreviation of the name of the
eld railroad company, Now York, Fenn
yylvania and Ohio. Any person who
writes X. Y.. P. and O. will clearly see
the excuse for this abbreviation.
There Is one railroad that certainly
deserves its nickname, and that is the
'Little Giant"— the Pittsburg and Lake
Erie. This road, running out of Pitts
burg, has returned to its stockholders
a greater amount of revenue — mileage
considered — than any other railroad in
this country. Its earnings have been
at times phenomenal.
Mcimmoth's Extinction.
BY G. FREDERICK WRIGHT. A. M.. U* D.
Author of "The .Ic-e Age in North Amcr-
(Copyright. 100*. by Joseph B. Bowl«.)
In 1839 Dr. Koch of St. Louis gave J
an account in the Journal of Science
of the discovery of the skeleton of a
mammoth in Gasconade County, Mo.
(fifty or sixty miles above St. Louis),
which showed clear evidence that man
had aided in the killing of the animal.
At the same time some one attempted
to throw doubt upon thi-* description,
but subsequent discoveries render it
perfectly credible. The skeleton was
found, as usual, in a peat bog, in which
there had been a considerable ac
cumulation of vegetable mold, blue
clay and sand, and was about five j
feet below the surface. Beneath this
sketelon was an Indian spearhead and
a stone ax of unique patteAi; also
ashes and pieces of burnt wood and
burnt bone. There were also pieces
of rock, weighing from two to twenty
five pounds, which were scattered as
though they had been thrown at the
anjmal^ The hind and fore foot were
stllf preserved, together with pieces of ]
the skin. Dr. Koch supposed that the
animal, having become mired in the
mud. was attacked by men, who thus
aided in his destruction.
These facts give point to the ques
tion put to me by the distinguished
Professor Schmidt three years ago in
St. Petersburg, when I asked him con
cerning the cause of the destruction
of the mammoth. He said: "Are you !
Mire that man did not have a good
deal to do with it, as he had with the
destruction of the buffalo and other ,
animals?" Xevertheles, one cannot
but feel that this destruction has been '
too widespread and on too large a scale
to have been much affected by the
agency of man. It seems more likely
that eiimatic changes have been the
principal agency in the destruction,
and that these changes were not from
increasing cold, but rather increasing
warmth.
The mammoth, as we have seen, was
abundantly supplied with fur, which
shielded him from the effects of cold.
He lived on the vegetation that grows
In semi-Arctic regions. It is very like
ly that the amelioration of climate,
which followed upon the close of the
glacial period, produced conditions to
which the species could not readily
adapt itslef.
It is astonishing what small things
in nature arc oftentimes destructive
of life. The cattle are driven off from
large arer\s in South Africa by the at
tacks of a little fly which swarms In
the region. Grizzly bears in Alaska
arc often killed by mosquitoes!.. The
mosquito attacks tho eye, which is
the weakest point, and the bear, in
attempting to kill the mosquito with
his paw, scratches his own eyes out
and becomes blind. Thus the devel
opment and multiplication of some
insignificant enemies of the mammoth
ps the climate grew warmer may have
been fatal to his existence.
There is, however, much evidence
that th? mammoth became extinct in
many places because his- instincts
ceased to be an unfailing guide amid
the changing conditions which fol
lowed tho close of the glacial period.
Dr. Robert Hell, from his wide ex
perience, has suggested a theory'
something »s follows: Tho mam
moth was in tho habit of seeking
shelter within the forest lino during
v.inter. and . with the opening of
spring migrated ' to th™ timberless
country of the north, where/he could
browse en th« small trees which lino
tho river courses of the Arctic Ocean.
These habits could not always become
fixed, the animals could not always
I perceive the dangers connected with
the change in climate conditions and
would sometimes be too far away on
the approach of winter Successfully
to rench safe winter quarters. In this
csse they might be caught in the, early
winter storms or attempt to cross an
ice covered body of water before it
was sufficiently strong to bear them!
Dr. Bell relates that on an island'
in Dngava Bay a whole herd of rein
deer perished from starvation during
one storm when a heavy snowfall was
followed by rain which formed a
cruEt, thus cutting off the supply of
moss. The Island was never restocked
afterward. Such may . have been the
means by which large herds of the
mammoth were destroyed in northern
regions. Stockmen in the West, as
well as in' Siberia, often now suffer
great loss from these storms of sleet,
which form such a crust over /the
grass that the animals are unable to
procure the nutriment that is almost
In eight of the'r longing eyes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY fi, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . ♦ :..;♦ .. Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflice /. v <^illlll^ > Third and Market Streets. S. P.
SATURDAY .. : . .... . '. FEBRUARY 6, 1904
PUBLIC SCHOOL INSTRUCTION.
W'HEREVER there is a public school there is
a problem and a multitude of, persons ready
to instruct the teacher how to solve it. In
this country we . have a large number of educational
conferences every year and at each of them there are
numerous speakers to point out evils in the existing
courses and methods of instruction. A similar condi
tion of affairs prevails wherever there arc free schools
and free speech, and doubtless will continue to prevail
to the end of time. The instruction that suits one age
and one locality does not suit another; so that except
in countries where bureaucratic government obtains, and
where fixed systems of instruction are arranged for
whole nations, it is not likely there will ever be agree
ment as to what instruction should be given, or how.
Time was when educators believed that a few things
well taught are more profitable than many things half
taught. "Those were the days when men talked much
about '"the man of one book," when great stress was
laid upon the fact that a "Jack of all trades" was "master
of none." To-day some of the foremost educators teach
the opposite doctrine. They would have the public
schools give a smattering of well nigh everything,
leaving it for the pupil to determine later in life what
special study ,or trade he would follow, and then perfect
himself in it after leaving the lower schools. Such
views are held not only in this country, but in so con
servative a land as Great Britain; and among those who
teach them is no less a per?on than Sir Oliver Lodge,
principal of Birmingham University.
At a recent conference of the Teachers' Guild of
Great Britain, Sir Oliver was the principal, speaker. In
reporting the event the London Daily News says:
"Sir Oliver approved of a person having a smattering
of a large number of subjects, and gave the Greek
alphabet as one of the things that everybody should
know. The early outline of nearly everything could be
acquired quite easily, but before a subject Was gone
into beyond this rudimentary stage it should be con
sidered whether the circumstances and ability of the
pupil were such as to make it likely that he would pursue
the subject to a useful, practical end. * * * In his
concluding remarks, Sir Oliver Lodge spoke of the im
portance of teaching courtesy in the use of the streets
for driving and walking, politeness to each other, meth
ods of life saving, the avoidance of panic in casi; of fire,
the advantages and objects of municipal government,
how to preserve the teeth, how to breathe, cleanliness,
the evils of expectoration and other foul habits, and the
proper care of the body."
A public school curriculum, including everything from
the Greek alphabet to the care f the teeth, would cer
tainly have scope enough to satisfj' almost any one. It
appears from the statements of Sir Oliver that at pres
ent the public schools of Great Britain are doing hardly
anything worth doing. The report quotes him as saying
that a majority of the schools turned out boys who
were, ignorant, who did not. know how to acquire knowl
edge, who. found no interest in it, and did not respect it
— who were not ashamed of their ignorance, anq\. were
usually not' even aware of it. " Wliat he desired to see
was th'at the whole processes of instruction should be
overhauled, . the methods studied, organized and made
efficient, and the work conducted by trained and en
franchised teachers under improved conditions.
In this country we are better satisfied with our school
system. Our reformers go no further than to advocate
a little tinkering here and there; the most radical among
them would probably be startled by a proposal of any
such radical programme as that of the principal of Bir
mingham University. It seems the only things Sir
Oliver would have taught up to a utility point in the
public schools are modern languages. He cites the fact
that Nansen was able to lecture in English, French and
German because he had been taught those languages in
the public schools of his country, and he recommends a
similar careful training in British schools.
A German Princess, a trifle derelict in those obliga
tions that debtors owe to creditors, was accused of fraud
the other day and promptly acquitted. There are some
plebeian traits which those of aristocratic blood may
still display without the customary consequences. The
Princess, however, will have to fortify her credit with
cash.
THE ,KENT/UCKY WAY.
FOLLOWING close upon Governor Bcckhain's
vindication of his State against aspersions upon
its' fair fame for law, and order, comes a lively
atlair in L'ctckcr County, which seems to cail for a spe
cial and explanatory message from the. executive. The
-Associated Presto reports that a committee from the
Cumberland Mountain waited upon Mrs. Mullins in the
shank of the evening and denuded her of garments and
whipped her on the bare back until she became uncon
scious under their admonitory attentions." They then,
rubbed salt into the gashes cut by their whips, and
were preparing to return to their mountain homes,
equipped with the consciousness of dut}' clone, when they
were beset by an adverse party, headed by a brother-in
law of the disciplined lady.'
In the ensuing battle this relative and a member of
his party were killed, but their side captured two of the
party of admonition t from Cumberland Mountain. The
captors were versed in the lav/ and knew they must
have evidence. The question was how to secure it.
They could sec guilty knowledge trying to hide in the
heads of their two prisoners, and decided to extract it,
if possible; While the process they adopted is open to
condemnation as primitive it must,, by all, thinking men,
be approved as effective. They tied . the witnesses to
green hackberry trees, and omitting the formality of an
oath, made them tell the truth, the whole truth and noth
ing but the truth by kindling lire under them. They
were not half baked before they revealed the whole plot
and the names of their accomplices.
The names of; these two heated -witnesses are "-iven
as' Bill Haley and Hooker Smith. It. is to be regretted
that the account stops with their. testimony. There will
always be curiosity to know whether Bill and Hooker
were put back over the fire and cooked until they were
done. It is only said that,' the judicial cooks immediately
started after the mountain men and that another battle
is expected. All Kentucky waits fpr news from the
front. The account is not illuminated by any reason for
the desire of the men of the mountain to peer and
pickle Mrs. Mullins. The f^rct that ' her relative and
neighbors rallied in her defense is circumstantial evi
dence that she was approved : of in the community of
which she was probably an ornament.
It may be that time, in these long,!. wintry nights,
hangs heavily on the men of Cumberland Mountain, and
they go to the lowlands for amusement, carrying salt
and switches along* to use as dictated by their desire to
We freely admit that the White Caps of Indiana have
sometimes enforced discipline in the country by the
same method?, omitting the salt, and we have no desire
to gird at Kentucky, which is a* great State. We rather
exalt her above Indiana by reason of the new rules of
evidence enforced by her lowland people, which quite
shame Mr. Greenlcaf and his book on evidence. We do
this, be it understood, without indorsing the Kentucky
way, which is merely interesting because of its piquant
Within the classic shades of Berkeley there is no
place wherein offenders against the peace and dignity of
the scholastic community may be imprisoned pending an
inquiry into their conduct. Some towns,. like some build
ings, otherwise complete and good to look upon, are
sometimes constructed without the most necessary ad
juncts to comfort, convenience and utility. Berkeley
ought to have a jail e.vcn as a sop to tradition.
THE INFLUENCE OF HEREDITY-.
PROFESSOR FKANK W. BANCROFT of the
University of California has just made a remarka
ble contribution to scientific knowlcdgo by deter
mining the ratio in which pigmentation in rabbits is in
herited. In other words, given a piebald bunny and a
calico "jack" and Professor Bancroft will compute to
the decimal part of an inch just how their progeny will
be striped or ringed with nature's dun shades. He
redity is reduced to a formula of logarithmic precision
in the case of rabbits. '■'{'
Hardly a month passes over this wise world of ours
but sonic deeper and keener solution of the riddle of life
is pronounced and we are nearer to the answer to the ;
everlasting "Why" by just that much. Our scientists!
with their ova of sea urchins and their vertebrae of sala
manders are hewing the way to that millennium of i
thought when everything will be knowable. All honor i
to these pioneers of knowledge. |
There is a new and entirely untrodden field open, how
ever, to the scalpel and the microsco. e\ Its importance
is growing with each recurrent sun. The possibilities
for remarkable achievements therein are enormous. The
hardy adventurer who first sets his foot in this terra in
cognita will not only win the plaudits of the erudite but
the encomiums of a grateful nation. Severe.^ his task,
but manifold the rewards. It is to trace the effects of
heredity in the Democratic party; it is to prognosticate
the prodigy which is to be born of the St. Louis con
vention.
The Berkeley professor had but to account for the
prenatal influences of two rabbits to determine whether
the young bunny, their offspring, was to be of paternal
similitude or favoring the distaff side of the household.
He was, sure that it would be a rabbit at least. Equally
certain' was he that it would be possessed of a brain,
though it were the humble* cerebellum of the rabbit kind,
and that it would be endowed with the power to live,
move and have its being. Not only that but the college
scientist could chart to a nicety th? delicatej>lending of
light and shade which would characterize the future ad
dition to the rodent world. * .
Well might the trembling scientist gaze 'with fear upon
the stupendous task of formulating the results of pre-'
natal influences in the Democratic platform which is' to
be. First there is the insistent influence of the Jeffcr
sonian Democracj', which haswbecn sending its strain
down' through the generations, suddenly to be made
manifest in that wild sport of nature, the Kansas City
platforfh. Added to this blood infusion there is the
rank reversion to a primitive type, personified in William
Jennings Bryan, lately returned from appearing before
all the crowned hcr.ds of Europe. \
The shadow of free silver and the haunting vision of
wild-cat Popocracy appear to the delicately adjusted mi
croscope which is turned upon this field. Add to these
hereditary influences the Sphinx shadow of a\Cleveland,
the man of the Old Guard, the prophetic utterances of a
Gorman and the notably shy and unobtrusive advances
of a He'arst — all of these entering into the spawn of the
St. Louis convention — and who can venture the wildest
guess as to the fearful monstrosity which will see the
light as the result of those birth throes? Who will even
dare to venture that this thing which is born will have
the stamina, inherent within its conglomerate self, to
survive even until weaning time in November?
With ali due respect to the erudition of the Berkeley
scientist it must be granted that his task was child's play
in comparison with that of the much needed political
viviscctor and obstetrician.- -
The railroad-; which now tap California for patron
age are vying with one another in fixing low and cer
tainly acceptable colonist rates' for people rtUsthe East
ern and Middle West States. The scheme suggests it
self as highly commendable. If we can induce 5 colonists
(o come pmong us we have that wealth of good things
of- the earth that will make them contented, prosperous
and permanent residents of the Golden State. *
Harvard University is carrying into practical effect a
plan to preserve in the phonograph the voices of the
leaders of , contemporary humanity for whatever uses
posterity '-may choose- to put them. How strange it is
that of all thq physical, attributes of* man science has
found it possible to preserve only the most elusive,
apparently the most ephemeral, and intangible — the
voice. ?/*■'■'':
Oakland Judges are making it very clear to that pest
of cities, the hoodlum, that he cannot insult young
women without paying the penalty that decent commu
nities demand., A little of the spirit oMhese lawgivers
infused into the minor magistrates of San Francisco
would do a world of necessary good. The field for opera
tions certainly is a rich one. ■
In the crash of a demoralized market the other day
many fortunes were wiped out in the New York cotton
exchange. There is always one redeeming feature to
these diverting incidents of American speculative life.
Nobody worth considering is ever hurt. Honest men are
never involved, and the fools simply record another
necessary lesson.
Th'e adventurous spirits of Hawaii that have taken to
farming in the crater of the Punchbowl may find some
day.that they have raised a crop of molten lava. Sitting
orr a red-hot stoVe ought to be a tempting and seductive
pastime in comparison tOj cultivating squash over the
latent fires of a slumbering volcano.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
His Image.
Marked with the indisputable evi
dence of an encounter with John Bar
leycorn and a hard fist, he ambled
into- a Mission drug store for relief.
His eyes were half cloned, there was
a wandering, bleeding laceration
across his forehead, his nose was tilt
ed to one side and a sash in one
cheek completed the damage.
The druggist cheerfully replied that
he would fix up the caller.
"Wait a minute." said the apothe
cary, as he reached for the gauze, the
lint and the antiseptic. The badly
marred customer disconsolately saun
tered about the shop, but suddenly
stopped in front of one of those con
vex mirrors that do such queer tricks
of distortion with their reflected im
ages.
Our friend caught a glimpse of
himself out of those disturbed optics.
With a yell of terror he tore himself
loose from the scene and bolted for
the door, scaring the druggist half to
death.
"Come back here," shouted the
drug clerk. • .
"Not much," almost shrieked the
fleeing man. "I Just saw myself in
your looking glass and* if I don't get
to a doctor I'm ruined for life.
And he did not stop for explana
tions.
Don Quixote Oneal.
On one occasion in the State Senate
Senator John F. Davis of Amador was
speaking in his usual graceful and
forceful way in favor of a measure to
which Senator Louis Oneal was op
posed. Davis had spoken for some time
and had been interrupted frequently
by questions from his colleague of the
"prune belt." Finally, at the close of
one of the Amadorian statesman's best
periods, came the rasping request, "Will
the Senator permit another question?"
lie would. The question was pro
pounded, and, of course, it carried with
it a suggestion of weakness in Judge
Davis' bill. Thereupon that gentleman
rather testily exclaimed, "Oh, the Sena
tor from Santa Clara Is charging wind
mills!" Instantly Oneal replied, "Yes,
I admit that the Senator from Santa
Clara is charging at least one wind
mill!" And the eloquent orator was
forced to join in the general laugh at
his own expense.
Mother's Affection.
The warrant charging the young man
with being insane was sworn to by
his father and mother, an aged Ger
man couple. As they affixed their sig
natures to the big official looking docu
ment which branded, their only boy
as one bereft of reasc-h great tears
coursed .down their wrinkled cheeks.
The mother seemed particularly affect
ed, and it was with, great clifnculty.that
the Lunacy Commissioners were en
abled to learn from her the history of
her boy's mental condition.
At last the preliminary examination
was over and the aged couple was
brought to the cell occupied by their
son to assist further the examination
by the doctors. They saw their only
child strapped to a narrow iron cot,
his puny limbs bound together by cruel
looking leather bands and his hands
incased in big, ugly looking gloves. The
sight proved too much for the father
and he hastily left the cell. Not so
the mother. With a cry of anguish
she threw herself beside the form of
her boy. calling him "her pet," "her
darling." and other endearing names
which a mother knows.
Then she turned to the doctors and
cried in her broken English: < "Doctor,
doctor, my j boy is not crazy: he Is
only sick. He is a good boy. I do not
want to send him away. I must take
him home again."
February.
The laggard sun. on frosty morn.
Throws long beams through the stubble
Apainst the sunset, naked trees
Weave magic bredes and traceries.
From woodman's ax the'splinter bounds;
The flicker's cheery tapping sounds:
Tee thaws and in the quickening flood
Are vague, fond hopes of leaf and bud
When, lo; like neck of living sky —
Full-songed. a bluebird sweet flits by!
— Outlook.
Street-car Manners.
There is a universal rule that a man
seated in a street car should arise If
necessary and give his seat to a wo
man. The reasons for such a rule are
self-evident, and If a man care to merit
the respect of others he will follow it.
It is one of the sacrifices to the weaker
sex that he is required to make. Women
have come to recognize this rule or
custom as a right, and often complain
if it be not .strictly followed. But. there
is another side to the case, and It is
this: Because a man is expected freely
and pleasantly to relinquish his seat to
a woman, is there not an obligation
upon her to allow him seating room
when It is easily within her power to do
so? And may not the cause why some
men do not recognize the custom as a
right be the treatment they have re
ceived at the hands of women who have
failed In this regard?
On the outside of the sm'-ller electric
cars of this city there; are ,'<nilt seats
intended for three people, .«t how
often is It seen that two womn. evi
dently intent on occupying the greatest
possible space for the least possible
fare and utterly oblivious of the com
fort of others, spread themselves over
the entire space. Unfortunate man,
\vistfully eying the coveted seat gone
to waste, is left to stand and sway
whither the jolting, car listeth, without
even a strap to hang to — for the placing
of straps, sadly needed In that part of
the car, has apparently never yet been
thought of. *
Man is human, and being human Is
sometimes tired. Yet In the instance
spoken of it Is very awkward for him
to ask a woman to move up, although
he unquestionably has a right to do so
under * such circumstances. On many
of the lines in San Francisco during the
busy- hours the street car facilities are
woefully inadequate, and for a. man
traveling to and from his work during
those hours a seat i3 a rarity. Fre
quently he does not obtain one for days
at a time, although there Is a presump-
! tlon that he is entitled to the seat for
which he has paid hl3 fare. ■-.-.._ '
If women would remember that It is
no more than fair that they be a little
thoughtful of the rights of men and
move into the space it is intended one
person should occupy, it is possible
they would not so often have occasion
to complain of lack of gallantry on tne
"Don't Forget."
Many years ago, writes Thomas
Bailey Aldrich in "Ponkapog Papers,"
a noted Boston publisher used to keep
a large memorandum book on a table
in his i private office. The volume al
ways lay open and was in no manner a
private affair, being the receptacle of
nothing more important than hastily
scrawled reminders to attend to this
thing or -the other.
It chanced one day that a very young,
unfledged author passing through the
city looked in upon the publisher, who
was also the editor of a famous maga
zine. The unfledged had a copy of
verses secreted about his person. The
publisher was absent, and young Mil
ton sat down and waited.
Presently his eye fell upon the memo
randum book, lying there spread out
like a morning newspaper, and almost
in spite of himself he read. "Don't for
get to see the binder," "Don't forget to
mail E. his contract," "Don't forget
H.'s proofs." and so forth.
An inspiration seized upon the youth. #
He took a pencil and at the tail of this
long list of "don't forgets" he wrote,
"Don't forget to accept A.'s poem."
He left his manuscript on the table
and disappeared. That afternoon when
the publisher glanced over his memo
randa he was not a little astonished at
the last item, but his sense of humor
was so strong that he did accept the
poem— it required a strong sense of
humor to do that— and sent the lad a
check for it, although the verses remain
to this day unprinted.
English Railroads.
There Is a popular belief in this coun
try that American railroads are r..ubh
superior to those in England, both in
equipment and in administration. Sid
ney Brooks, writing in the current Har
per's Weekly, takes exception to this
opinion, and makes some Interesting
assertions to prove its fallacy. The
equipment of the American railroads,
says Mr. Brooks, is far behind that of
the English lines. In England there
are 9S locomotives for every 100 mil«s
of railroad, and in America 20; 307 pas
senger vehicles per 100 miles "In Ens
land, and 18 in America; 3161 freight
cars per 100 miles in England, and only
719 in America. The smallest villages
are provided with "well built, comfor
table stations and generally with as
phalt platforms; and a comparison of
the casualty statistics of England and
the United States shows an immense
percentage in favor of the English man
agement.
Answers to Queries-
MAN-OF-WAR— C. F. D.. Grimes.
Cal. The comolement of one of tha
largest men-of-war of the United
States navy Is" from 37 officers and 663
men to 45 officers and 777 men.
DREIBUND— Subscriber, San Jose.
Cal. The German word "dreibund"
means triple alliance. The alliance
known by that name is that formed
in 1883 between Germany, Austria-
Hungary and Italy as a check to Rus
sia and France.
POWDER HOUSE— W. T. D.. Au
burn, Cal. If a powder house is situ
ated in such close proximity to a city
or town as to be menacing to the safety
of the inhabitants any citizen may pe
tition for its removal. The petition
should be presented to the Supervisors.
CURING SKINS— W. S.. Alameda.
Cal. The following is the process for
curing rabbit or hare skins: "Lay the
skin on a smooth bo,ard. fur side under
most and fasten it down with tinned
tacks. Wash it over first with a solu
tion of salt: then dissolve 2^3 ounces of
alum in one pint of warm water, and
with a sponge dipped in this solutiou
moisten the surface all over; repeat this
every now and then for three days;
when the skin is quite dry. take out
the tacks, and rolling it loosely tha
long way, the hair inside, draw i*.
quickly backward ar.d forward through
a laree smooth ring until it Is quite
soft, then roll It in the contrary way of
the skin and repeat the operation."
TROTTING RECORD— R. f. V..
City. The record of Flora Temple, a
trotter, was made in 183D and was
2:19%. Maude S made her record in
1SS5. 2:0S5i, but since then the trotting
record has been reduced by Lou Dil
lon in a race against time, October 24.
1D03. at Memphis, Tenn.. to 1:53%- This
Is the world's record. The best record
before that was by Major Delmar, a
gelding. Memphis, .Tenn., October 22.
1903. in .1:59*4, being paced by runner
to sulky carrying a wind k or dust
shield, the runner preceding the trot
ter.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, tn . artistic , flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market «t.; above Call bldff. •
Special information , supplied dally to
business houses arJ public men by tha
Press Clipping BurCau (Allen 3), 230 Cal;-.
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •VIZIER'S NERVE
HIS PASSPORT
Jules Clcrfayt Gains World
of Experience in Piloting
.Noted Persian to New York
SCOUT NEARLY BANKIttTT
Shah's Former Representative
Is Finally Extricated From
His Troubles bv 4'ouutrymen
His Highness All A!«ghar Khan Ata
b I: Az:m, late Grand Vizier of Persia,
v.ho crrived at this port a little more
than two weeks ago with but a few
dollars in J;is pocket, has made a trip
across th«» Western* continent, travel
taj; l:l:e a nabob, and he is- now on the
r.oil of the Eastern continent,
rrcfumably striving hard to keep
up czi appearance becoming the
oriental aristocracy . without the nec
r«sary funds to meet even the orui
: nrv expenses of his daily living. The
(omins of the ex-Grand Vizier was at
'. ?rjdcd with considerable pomp at this
; .: . where hi v.rs met by Jules Cler
fayt. leal accrt of the Trans-Siberian
Ksilrcad. \%ho hes been commissioned
by the Persian Minister at Washington
to act as special attache to the distin
»;;::sheC OriT.taJirt during his Journey
;. ross the United States.
Clerfayt returned yesterday from
:. a Yt-rk, where he caw the Persian
*. isitcr end retinue of servants safely
s ihe Atlantic steamer, and it was
• ith a sigh #f relief tnat the yours
railroad agent opened his desk in his
JC< w Montgomery street office and re
t^tcred upon his duties.
"No mere Persian Viziers for me."
vas h5s insinuating remark as he drew
fron: his pocket a. tot of receipted bills
1 :s:;r.g the name of the departed rep
resentative c-f the Shah.
VIZIER OUT OF COIN*.
Cierfayt's experiences with All As
ph;ir IChan Atabek Azam began with
ir.c'r departure from the Palace Hotel.
"When th? Vizier was ready to leave
the hotel th* morning after his arrival
from the Orient it was discovered that
) i.fcd not sufficient fur.ds to pay his
over right expenses, at the hostelry.
r.T.d Clerfayt had to advance the coin,
fifcftrly 52». an«l they had not reached
the ferry i*?fore the Vizier had con
fided to him that his ovrrland tickets,
cf a. value c.-f something Mke 5760. fur
nished by th? Union Pacific agency in
thie city, had yet to be settled for.
"I'll settle when vre.gei to Chicago."
•was the explanation raade by the Vizier
through his English speaking interpre
ter, and. recognizing the rank of the
fian and recalling the fact that his
sponsor was the Persian Minister at
"Washington. Clerfayt promptly ar
ranged matters with the railroad ofU
cials and the jc-urney proceeded. En
route to Chicago Clerfayt's pocketbook
' was continually drained by the Per
«isn, who interspersed his frequent
apologies for lack of cash with prom-
J?es of royal decorations for the oblig
:■ z raiirc-ad agent.' One day it was
fir.e decoration, the next it was another,
'.r.til Clerfayt began to dream of waist
coats covered with Jeweled mAJals,
herds of elephants, rolls of Persian
ru^s and fezes adorned with insignias
of Oriental honor.
PROFUSE WITH PROMISES.
At Chicago the promised roll of the
V-zier was not forthcoming, and Cler
fayt began to evince s=9me signs of anx
iety. The railroad company was >inx
iocs '-for th<? money V*ye on Its tickets.
and Pullman conductors were making
great inroads Into $ht chaperon's ready
rash by their daily d°mands for settle
ment for the food being consumed by
the Persian party. At New York Cler-
GRAPE-NTJTS. *
Q C
<> 5
I * " i
1 Change of |
I FOOD 1
i i
o is the £
£ - %
I Surest I
S . Cure I
If your food don't keep you |
p- well von are not using the kind ?
R ■ '<■
£ nature requires. £
O " £
| That's Plain I
O. h
O So try for io days a com- |
O p'ete change. £
% Say for Breakfast 2 soft £
£ eggs, a Tittle cooked fruit, a 9
% i\\<h of Grape-Nuts and Cream, jrj
2 a cap of'pcstum Food Coffee, g
\y i slice bread and butter, noth- £
; £ ing more. £
/ i h^n a meat and vegetable £
V dinner at 6 or^7. jj:
q It may solve your problem, c
£; **Therc's a reason." £
O Try it and prove it. Then f
£j if you want to know "why" 'C
g read the little book £
§ <
% "The Road to Wellville- |
found in each pkg. of Grape-
£ Nuts and Postum. iC
o . %
VALUES WIFE'S
LOVE HIGHLY
George W. IJislop Sues Henry
Brown for $50,000 for Alien
ating: His Spouse's Affection
CHARGES BASE DECEPTION
Avers the Defendant by Gifts
of Money and Dresses and by
Lying Broke Up Happy Home
George "W. Hislop. a merchant, values
the affections of his wife Louisa, to
whom he was married in Canada in
1SS7, at $30,000. In a complaint for
damages filed by him late last night he
asks the court to compel Henry A.
Brown to pay him that amount, alleg
ing that Brown, by trick and artifice,
has 'won the love of Mrs. Hislop and
catrsed her to leave him. her three chil
dren and her heretofore happy home.
Hi.'Iop's complaint is a veritable tale
of wee. It recites that he was married
in Winnipeg. Manitoba, Canada, just
seventeen years ago. Xine years ago
he came with his wif? and one child
to this city zfr.d embarked in business.
Two more children, a pretty little boy
end a girl, were born to them here, and
their Upi was a happy one. Two years
ago, charges Hislop, came the first rift
in their hr.ppy married life and upon
Brown, the defendant in action, a mu
tual friend of himself and his wif>\ and
companion of his children, he lays the
blame.
Hi?!op alleges that Brown first came
I between him and his wife in 1902. His
J attentions caused the plaintiff to wor
■ ry, and soon placed him in such a state
tha.t he spoke to his wife about Brown,
and he says he even went to the latter
and requested him to cease paying at
tention to the mother of his children.
But, says Hislop. it was all in vain.
Crown continued showins his regard
for Mrs. Hisiop, and, avers the plain
tLf, by Insinuations and insidious
wiles, soon caused them to become cool
toward each other.
The trouble culminated, says Brown,
in Xovenber, 1902, when he and his
wife acreed to separate, and from that
time on a divided household took the
place of the cozy home they had es
tablished at 1031 Haight street. For
a month, says Hi?lop, he stood the new
order of things and then sought a
reconciliation with his wife. "I would
have succeeded," he says=, "but for
Brown. He by falsehool and other
means prevented my wife from fol
lowing the dictates of her heart. De
spite my protests and my appeals to
my wife she accepted his advice and
counsel, and Instead of a reconcilla-
I tion our separation grew more com
plete.
"I begged him," says Hislop, "to
refrain from making her gifts, but my
appeals were useless, and on the 13th
of December my wife filed a suit for
divorce. Humiliation and disgrace
followed her* appeal to the courts. Her
society was denied me even to a
greater extent than before; ehe re
fused me her love, and has* ever since
I refused It. notwithstanding that I
i beg&ed of her. because of our three
children, the eldest of whom is 14 and
| the youngest 6 years of age, to pay no
heed, to forget our differences, send
Brown on his way and once more be
come the happy wife and mother she
was before Brown crossed her path."
Hislop's complaint closes \vith the al
legation that on January 1, 1903, Brown,
by gifts of money, jewels, dresses and
furniture and by a lavish expenditure
of money in taking her to restaurants
and all sorts of amusements, caused
Mrs. Hislop to' forget all and leave
home, husband and children, at 1031
Haight ftreet, and take up her resi
dence with him at S01 Clayton street.
He asks the court to award him $50,
000 damages for the loss of his wife's af
fections, for an injunction restraining
Brown from further interference in his
family affairs and for such other relief
as the court may deem fit to grant.
fayt had to pay the bills at the hotels
and the personal expenses incurred by
his Highness.
"Don't v.-orry." was the consoling re
mark made by the Vizier through his
interpreter when Clerfayt, finally grow
ing fearful of the prospect of a settle
ment of his own account as well as
tbat of the railroad company, mildly
suggested to his distinguished charge
that reimbursement should be made at
once. "Give me a memorandum of what
you have spent and I'll forward it from
Cherbourg," continued the Vizier, but
the natience of Clerfayt had reached
the limit and he demanded an imme
diate settlement, whereupon the Per
sian reluctantly drew $200 from his
clothes, where he had had it concealed,
and turned !t ever to his escort. Seven
hundred more was, however, needed,
but the Vizier could not produce it.
When the party arrived at New York
and proceeded to board the awaiting
steamer th" troubles of the Vizier and
his guide reached a climax. The steam
ship agents refused to permit the Per
sians to go aboard until their tickets
had been produced for Inspection. Of
course, they hed none, and finally a
number o? Persians who had gathered
at the dock to see the ex-Vizier off for
Europe dug down in their jeans and
produced $1500. It was turned over to
Clerfayt, who hurriedly made good the
amount of fares demanded by thp
steamship company, and quickly bid
ding his Hizhnes adieu hastened up
town to the Union Pacific Company
with the balance of -the fund contrib
uted and settled for the tickets pur
chased in this city. Even then Clerfayt
figured that he was still out Just $263.
but fortunately the' Persian had given
him a card upon which he had con
fessed owing this sum. and it was
promptly forwarded to the Persian
Minister at Washington, who has since
wired to the railroad agent that his
claim will be paid and that a check for
the amount Is now on its way to this
city.
Clerfayt says he Is done with Persian
Viziers. Asked yesterday when he ex
pected to receive his promised decora
tions from the Orient, he replied with
a contemptuous "Bah I" and produced
two small Persian coins about the size
of an American penny, the only souve
nirs of his overland experiences with
the Shah's former right-hand man.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 5. — The trustees of
the" Preston School fit Industry, at lone, met
in this city to-day And postponed the election
of a.' «e<-retarjr to succeed E. H. Archer until
iUrcfa 12.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 190*.
FORTNIGHTLIES
DANCE AT THEIR
LAST ASSEMBLY
By Sally Sharp.
The eighth season of the Fortnight
lies' pleasure giving ended last night
in a dejjghtful dance in the white and
gold ballroom at the Palace — and the
season thus closed will linger long in
the memory as one of the mostjjril
liant of its long career. There was.
however, a negative note in the cheery
greetings of the receiving party, owing
to the absence of the organizer of the
club, Mrs. Munroe Salisbury, to whose
tact and executive force the Fortnight
lies owe their supremacy.
At the two last balls. Mrs. Salisbury
was unable to leave her apartments,
but it was thought that last night she
would resume her place at the head of
the receiving line. That, however, was
deemed unwise, owing to her ill health,
and her two charming daughters, Mrs.
T. Danforth Boardman and Mrs. Alex
ander D. ICeyes, received in her stead.
In the receiving party were many of
the patronesses — Mrs. Carter Pomeroy,
Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Carter
Pomeroy, Mrs. Eleanor Martin and
Mrs. Hyde-Smith.
While the attendance was hardly up
to the standard — owing to the fatigue
induced by the -mad social whirl of the
searcr.— (even the men are beginning to
be the worse for wear, and frankly say
so) the maids and matrons were very
fair and distingue as they whirled
through the mazes of the dance.
As to the gowns — many of them were
exquisite, though new — real crisp new —
£own3 v.ere conspicuously absent. But
what wonder, at the winter's end, and
th<=> hibernating season so close at
hand! *
The guests last night were not seri
ously embarrassed for floor space — to
the joy of the rabid two-stepper. Room
there was, and to spare, but a prettier
ball, for a small one, has m* been seen
this fortnight.
Supper wa.s served in the ,Maple
Room, whore the tables, bare of flow
ers, glistened and glittered as is the
wont of crystal and silver.
. As at all the Fortnightly functions,
the music was a joy— a joy to the
dancers and to those who sat by.
The conservatory room held the
punch bowl, instead of being located
in the vestibule, and was a delightful
innovation — one which might to ad
vantage bo followed by -other dance
givers.
And thus c!ose3 a successful season
of the fun-loving Fortnifrhtlles. May
the next season be as full of pleasure.
PERSONAL.
Dr. C. A. Devlin of Vallejo is at tlio
California.
Rev. Father B. Guerin of Sonora is
at the California.
E. R. Gifford, a merchant of Aubur.n,
is at the California.
William Shaw, a capitalist of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
Earl Rogers.'an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the California.
James Hillman, a merchant of Los
Angeles, is at the California.
J. B. Richardson, a rancher of Sui
sun, is staying at the Grand.
E. Carney, a railroad contractor of
Santa Barbara, fs at the Grand.
H. P. Eells of Cleveland, president of
the Bucyrus Dredger Company, is at
the Palace.
J. J. Turner, third vice president of
the Pennsylvania lines, and party ar
rived from Pittsburg last evening and
are registered at the Palace.
Manager James Agler an; Superin
tendent of Maintenance of Way Wal
lace of the Southern Pacific Company
left yesterday over the Ogden route on
a tour of inspection.
B. F. Davis, vice president of the
Eastern Railway and Lumber Company
of Centralia, Wash., and F. B., Hub
bard of the same company, accompa
nied by their wives, are registered at
the Grand.
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — Miss E. Lucas,
at the Earlington; C. W. Pike, at the
Hoffman; F. W. Clarke, at the Earl
ington: H. Coombs, at the Manhattan;
G. D. Easton, at the Herald Square;
C. Elwood. B. Ricketts, at the Ven
dome; G. Strachah, at the Broadway
Central, and N. S. Wright, at the Park
Avenue.
Californians In Waslilneton.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 5.— The follow
ing Californians registered here to-day:
At the TXevyt Willard— W. L. Crowell and
Lewis D. Wallenstine of San Francisco.
RUSSELL II. CO.WVELL
GETS 3IUCII APPLAUSE
Large Audience Is Entertained and
Instructcdjfby lecture of the
Gffted Divine. -
Rev. Russell H. Conwell delivered
an intensely interesting lecture on the
subject "Acres of Diamonds" before
an 'audience of 500 people at the
Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium last evening:. He aimed
to# show that each one of i£a is lit
erally surrounded with opportunities
to enrich himself financially. The
poor, he explained, are simply so be
cause of their own mental or physical
indolence.
As the speaker has proved himself
successful in war. in literature, at the
bar, in the pulpit, on the platform and
as an educator his remarks carried
with them great weight. Greater
ths.n all he is a conscientious ex
pounder of common sense.
His address was brim Hull of humor,
with an occasional touch~"\)f the pa
thetic. The audience showed' its ap
preciation even of the frequent scath
ing criticisms of California and CaJi
fornians with enthusiastic applause.
The proceeds of the lecture are to
be given by Dr. Conwell to a poor
young man who is endeavoring to se
cure an education.
Lectures On Radium.
,At the regular meeting of the Me
chanics' Institute held last night In
the Institute building on Post street
Professor Edward Booth delivered an
interesting lecture on /'Radium and
Radio-Activity." The professor gave
several demonstrations with the new
element- The lecture was particu
larly interesting and was attended by
a large number of the institute mem
bers and their friends.
Some people drink Hills Bros.' Arabian
Roast Coffee twice a day. . "i
BOY BURGLARS
LAND IN JAIL
Youthful Thieves, Responsible
for Crimes on North* Beach,
Are Taken to the City Prisou
ONE IS STILL AT L'ARGE
Five- Business Houses Are En
tered Within the Last Two
Weeks and Loot Is Taken
Robprt O'Connell, Alf Dollfa and
Charles Champagne were arrested and
lodged in the City Prison last night.
The youths are members of a gang of
bold burglars that has been terrorizing
the North Beach section of the city for
the last month. There is still another
member of the gang at large and as
soon as he Is apprehended charges of
burglary will be entered against the
four.
The criminals, none of whom are over
IS years of age, were not content in
the work, of theft, but malicious mis
chief marks their trail. In one instance
where a butcher shop was broken into
the meat that' could not be carried
away was \ thrown to the floor and
trampled in the sawdust.
About two weeks ago a series of
thefts com"menced. The drug store cf
Parrone & Hardy at Greenwich, and
Mason was robbed and on the same
right an attempt was made to get into
the business house cf Jacob Rehm Jr.
at 731 Montgomery avenue. Two nights
later a i^Jridow in the rear of E. Mala
testa's grocery was forced with a "jim
my" and a quantity of groceries taken.
Then followed the burglary in a butch
er shop at Montgomery avenua and
Taylor street. In this instance Ihe
place was a complete wreck when the
thieves left. The last crime committed
was in the grocery and bar of Vaccar
ri & Sons at Greenwich and Mason. An
effort was first made to pry off the
lock, but being unsuccessful in this the
thieves smashed a panel in one of the
doors and entered.
The crimes were easily traced to four
vouths who live in the neighborhood
and the arrest of three of them fol
lowed.
LANK; LECTURE ATTRACTS
AN* INTERESTED AUDIENCE
Dr. William F. Cheney Delivers Talk
on "Popular Mistakes About the
Care of Children." ,
The third lecture of the Lane course
of the present year was given last
night at the Cooper Medical College
on Sacramento street by Dr. William
Fitch Cheney. A large crowd of in
terested parents was present and the
talk on "Popular Mistakes About the
Care of Children" was well received.
Dr. William Fitch Cheney told of
the proper manner in which to care
for the little ones and rehearsed somo
of the most common errors made by
overanxious mothers In caring for the
health of their offsprings. .
The Lane lectures, which are given
by physicians well up tn the medical
world, attract large attendances on ac
count of their instructive nature. They
are held every Friday night and are
free to all.
Thanksgiving Service.
Special services of thanksgiving will
be held at the Hamilton Methodist
Church, Waller and Belvedere streets,
to-morrow. At the morning: service
at 10:30 o'clock Bishop Hamilton will
preach, and at the afternoon service
at 2:30 Dr. White, pastor of the Cen
tral Church, will deliver the sermon.
The evening service will consist chief
ly of short addresses and special
music. The regular choir will be re
inforced by special soloists from
other churches. The congregation
feels that the last year has been a
prosperous one and desires to com
memorate it by holding a special ser
vice.
Dorn Dismisses His Suit.
W. E. Dorn. who was appointed
Justice of the Peace, vice Percy V.
Long, by the Board of Supervisors,
yesterday dismissed his suit for a writ
of mandate compelling Auditor Baehr
to audit his salary demand for, the
month of January. Baehr having re
fused to do so because he could not
satisfy himself whether Dorn or Isl
dor Golden, the appointee of Governor
Pardee, was entitled to the office.
Dorn's dismissal, however, is with
out prejudice to the filing of another
action.- r>
Cornerstone Laying.
The cornerstone of the Swedish
Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church at Fifteenth and Dolores
streets will be laid with appropriate
ceremonies at 3 o'clock to-morrow.
The Rev. Professor Carl Swensson, D.
D., Ph. D.. R. N. O., president of Beth
any College. Lindsborg, Kana, will be
present and deliver an address in Eng
lish. The Rev. L. G. Abrahamson. D.
D., R. X. O., of Chicago, will also
speak.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
VICTORY
Over Stomach, Liver and Kidney-
Complaints is very decisive. when
you use Hostetter's Stomach Bit-
ters. Then why will you continue
to suffer when it is unnecessary ?
Get a bottle to-day from your
druggist and see how much good
it will s do you. . It never fails in
cases of Poor Appetite, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia, Constipation,
Kidney Ills, 'Chills, Colds ; or
Malaria, and has been endorsed
by physicians for 50 years.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
■ a ■■■■■■■ H Cured to 8TAT CURED. Cue
13 O I 11 1|| "I rrmorwL Ue*lth r«tored. At-
f)\ I H Swl fl tack* Dorar return. E*t heartily
■ ■ F ■■■■■■■■ mujmhm*. Vv farther Bc*d at
■*««""■ .Book CO FREE. Ninrtr p»c-«. alUhont
« t t,hm».iid Baj r«~_ T»_ TT«^ir> TT.y— .•friffsltn.Tr.T-
PROPOSES NEW
MARRIAGE LAW
Iowa Legislator Introduces a
Measure That Is Certain to
Hamper the Work of Cnpid
INAUGURATES A REFORM
Applicants 3Iust Take Course
of Instruction Before Being
Granted a License to Wed
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Feb. 5. — Mar
riages in the State of Iowa cannot be
undertaken until each person to the
ceremony shall have gone through a
prescribed course of- instruction before
a physician and obtained the latter's
certificate authorising the issuance of
a license, if the bill introduced* in the
Legislature by Representative Shiell
becomes* a law. The measure provides
for the creation of a Bureau of Marri
age Reform Instruction, the director of
which shall be named by the Governor.
This director shall formulate a course
of instruction intended to acquaint
those who intend to marry with all the
dangers o£j unhygienic living, the dan
gers of interfering with nature and
the safeguards necessary to prevent
bringing into the world physically or
mentally deficient children. | Every
physician in the State is to give this
course of instruction, and each appli
cant for a marriage license must fur
nish the certificate of a reputable
physician that he or she has gone
through such course of Instruction.
COMIC OPERA RENDERED
BY CLEVER JUVENILES
First Concert of the Season at South
Park Settlement Proves a
Big Success.
The auditorium at the South Park
Settlement was crowded last niuht.
when the first concert of the season
was rendered bj/ the juvenile opera
class of the Roeckel vocal conserva
tory. The entertainment opened with
a number of grand opera scenes by
Elsa Koepke. Sarita Madero and Lil
lian lieineger. Following this the
four-act , comic opera, "The King's
Folly," was rendered. The juvenile
actors filled their roles like profes
sionals and earned well merited ap
plause. The cast was as follows:
King (alternating). Maria Rneck<"l and Eric
Davis; Rosa (alternating), Estrlla Milcovich.
Elizabeth Davis and May Milcovich; general,
Pepito FVrrando; chamberlain. Eva Anclon;
Governor. Irene Scott: admiral.' Marie Casaa
vielle; captain. Josephine Smith: Maria, wtfe
of Juan. Esther Frechman: alcalde. Philip
Llndenbaum: first villager. Martin Milcovich:
second villager. Ganabel McMurray; sentinel.
Peter Bolder: Lorenzo. Isabel Whltaker: Ger
main, page to King. Maude Stelling; pac»s —
Marguerite Schlegel. Elsa Koepke. Lillian
ChapdelaJne and Sarita Madero: Jeremiah, Jeal
ous lover o( Rosa. Mario Rockel.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand I
Walter Bakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST fn the Worid
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & Go. Ltd.
Established 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
AMUSEMENTS.
J\T I FINAL
LAST ! I OF?
THE BEAUTY SHOP
To-Day and To-Morrow Js the End.
No Musical Comedy Its EquaL
» Our "All 8tar" Cast, Including:
I) . , „ J KOLB AND DILL.
Special Notice! john peachet.
Next Monday Night. BEN T. DILLON.
n ■ rk i »f HELEN RUSSELL. .
ROlV-POlV GEORGIA O'RAMET.
J J ALTHEA TWINa
Our latest sensation. An original musical
comedy. As full of eood things as an egg is
full of meat. First appearane* of Miss Nellie
Lynch. ■
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats Now on Sale.
Racing! 8^1^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OR SHINE. ,
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDB TRACK
'.' Commencing MONDAY. February 1.
Six or More Traces Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar f rota any part of the city.
Train leaves Third aad Townsend streets at
1:13 p. tn. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. , No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved . for ladlea and their
escorts.
THOMAS-H- WILLIAMS. President
PERCY. W. TREAT. Secretary.
I The Policy of This Store Has Not. Changed. The Usual Courtesies I
1 V~- :•:-■ Win Continue. . \
a rrr^d ».
For Men.
Your Choice of Any $15, $16.50, $18 and $20
Suit or Overcoat in Oar Entire Stock
A MAGNIFICENT money-saving sale will begin in our
men's clothing department this morning. We have
taken four different lines of suits and overcoats,, ranging
in price from $15.00 to S20.00, and marked the -very 'low price
of $12.95 for -any selection made.
Even- garment is made by the very best Eastern work-
men and the materials are absolutely the newest and best ob-
tainable. This will be an unusually attractive sale, so don't
miss it.
Suits.
Single-breasted sack suits in all the latest cuts and styles of
black unfinished worsteds, black Clay worsteds, blue serges, fancy
worsteds, cheviots, Scotches, home«puns, meltons. All these garments
are hand tailored, have the best serge linings and hair cloth fronts.
The interlinings are of the best English shrunk canvas. These suits
are sold regularly at $15.00, $16.50, $17.50 and $io.oo.
Double-breasted sack suits in Scotches, homespun?, cassimeres,
worsteds, unfinished worsteds, thibets and meltons, blacks and blues;
all Styles .and materials. These garments are all hand tailored, made
by the best manufacturers of America, have the best. linings and trim-
mings and are the equal of custom made. All new and up-to-date
suits. These are regular $15.00, $16.50, $18.00 and $20.00 values.
Overcoats.
Overcoats, 50 and 52 inches long, the loose, hanging styles that
are so popular, lined with the best serge and Italian lining. Some
have cuffs on sleeves and slashed pockets. Colors are black, Oxford
and fancy mixtures.
The Broadway box coats, cut 40 and 44 inches long; all hand
made; serge, Venetian and silk lined. All popular materials, blues,
>btacks and fancy cheviots. A big assortment to select from and not
one in the lot worth less than $16.50 and most of them worth $18.00
and $20.00.
Top coats in various lengths and styles: coverts in tan. green
mixtures and brown effects, fancy cheviots, blacks and Oxford chev-
iots. All these garments have serge, Venetian and silk Iining3.
Extra value. x : -
ALWAYS RELIABLE
/* 1238-1250 MARKET ST^£E>
AMUSEMENTS.
MATTNEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW. .
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
LOST RIVER
T7SUAL POPULAR PRICES.
TWO WEcKS ONLY
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY.
Louis Mann Lillian
Charles J. Ross Russell
John T. Kelly "usscu
and Mabel
Peter *-. Dailey Fcnton
and
Weber and Fields
PRESENTING
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
"and burlesque jdf
CATHERINE
PRICES— $2. $1.50, fl. 75c and 50c.
SUNDAY NIGHT, Feb. 21st
Pasltlielj Last Weber and Field Performance
CALIFORNIA
f" Last Time To-Night
MR. EDWARD MORGAN |
IN HAXX. CAINE'S MASTERPIECE, fl
THE ETERNAL CITY I
SPECIAL PRICES— $1 60. $1 00. i
75c 50c. 25c. U
— i
To-morrow— The famous comedians. |j
-Murray and Mack J
a T i"1 A r/ » TS Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR 2S9SS-
■ General Manager.
T0-1TXGHT — MATS. TO-SAT AHT> SUV.
••One of the snujtgest successes In tfe- history
of Alcaaar." — Ashton SteTens In Examiner.
A COLONIAL
r^ T T3 T By tlte Author
\J JL X\ LJ • ••• Mrs. Jack
Evga., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. £ Sun.. 23c to 50c
MONDAY JTHBCT— THE FUNNY FARCE.
THE GAY I " WK ™ r w ™
PARISIANS-* I LASTmOETr
In Preparation— PARSTFAL.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phoal* South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Most Popular of All Modern Dramas,
EASTLYNNE
A Play Universally Loved, with a Heart In-
terest Story That Sttrs the Tender
Emotions and Tenches th«
Fountain of Tears.
All Central Favorites In the Cast. * :
TlDirtC EVENINGS... .....10c to 50c
rKIWbJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23c
Feb. &— "IN SIGHT OF ST. PAUL'S."
PfllflfP D0NT FAIL TO
1 aiaWW fee th, beautiful
« COURT Loacftaf
/■fill '"-■? rooffl.th* EMPIRE
aiilX PARLOR, th«
r * PALM ROOM, tho
lin.fid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiaUU LOR, and the LA-
wj . | DIES' WRITING
1 Hotels 1 rqq*-
WEEKLY CAJLXvfl.OO PEB YEAS.
AMUSEMENTS.
1834 I9O4
Golden Jubilee Festival
In Celebration of th* Fiftieth Anniversary at
the Existence cf
THE GERMAN BENEVOLENT SOCIETY
AND HOSPITAL
GRAND PROMENADE CONCERT AND
VOLKSFEST.
SATURDAY, Feb. 6, and SUNDAY, Feb. 7,
From 8:15 to 11:43 p. in.. In ta«
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MUSIC BY THE PARK BAND.
Leader*. PAUL STEINDORFF aad PROF.
THEODOR VOGT.
Addresses by President GransXy. ex-Prest-
dent Broemmel itnd Major Scnmttz; ort?!-»!
poema by Charte* Bundscha and Herman
Glaueh: presentation of medals to honorary
members; choruses by German SI&Ktn; Socle-
ties: gymntaUc* by San Francisco, Mbston and
Elntracht Turn-V«reln». under Mr. Hans aoeta.
R. Barth and II. C. F. Stahl.
Original Fancy Danes by young ladlw, ar-
r»nr»d by Mrs. Bass»-Trombon! and Mr. Hans
VronJ. Many Other Popular Features
SUNDAY AFTERNOON. from 2:30 to 3.
GRAND CHILDREN'S FESTIVAU
ADMISSION— 20 cents for Each Festira!.
Children Accompanytns Adults.- Fre«.
A BOUNTEOUS BILL!
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence: 3 S1J-
vas; Stuart Barnes: Robertas ami
Wllfredo and Orphcum Motion Pic-
tures. Last times of Cordua and
Maud: Duffy. Sawtclle and Duffy:
Ilolden and Florence, and JOHN'Xlf
AND EMMA RAY
Presenting- "Casey. ta« Tlxamaa."
■Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Tiara-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c 23«
and SOc.
f*fl.l I9RJ9E2B R sai fwrnxn
liULUniDlA urns mm
MATINEE TO-DAT.
To-Night and Sunday Nirht.
Last Times of the Musical Cttmedy Hit.
A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
PRETTY GLRLS. CATCHY MUSIC.
Beginning Next Moclay.
JAMES and VVARDE
In the Spectacular l.-asu,
ALEXANDER THE, GREAT.
SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOU'SSSB.
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2:15.
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Ccmle Opera by 3taa-
tslaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Csnat Popular Prices 23c. 50c and 73i
Box Seats »l<»
h1bh-class~specialties
Every Afternoon aad Evtataa- is tis
Xeat«d Tknttt.
4MEP.1CAN. CHINESE AXD PHIUPPC^B
*BABIE3 IX THE INFANT INCUBATORS*
HANNIBAL
Xn« Untamable African Lion. In th* Zoo.
Admission. 10c: CMldtea, 5c
Whin Phonlns. Aak for *Tha Ctratss.**
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
Great Uexican Remedy; gives healta aad
•tr^itu t» sexual organ*. Depot. 3£3 Maratc. '
910
HIGH-CLASS FIELD WILL SPORT SILK IN BURNS HANDICAP
EMIN PASHA HEADS
SUCCESSFUL SIRES
Foi* the Fourth Year His
Progeny Is Credited With the
Greatest Number of Victories
♦
Emin Fasha, the greyhound, again
holds the position of premier coursing
Fire of this country, .making the
fourth year in which he has headed
the list. Kis greatest representatives
among the winners are the greyhounds
which were whelped by Little Wonder.
These vvon a total of ten first prizes,
were second three times and divided
one stake. In all twenty-three per
formers contributed to his list of vic
tories. .
The champion litter of the year was
ihat by Moondyne II-Lady Jane. Its
members won a total of fourteen stakes,
were second fourteen times and divided
one stake. The Fortuna Favente-Bril
liantine litter is second with fourteen
firsts, three seconds and nine 'divisions.
The Fetter Free-Dairy Belle litter,
with ten first? and eleven seconds,
made a brilliant showing. The Rock
Island King-Irma performers are the
champions of Southern California,
where their records were made. The
following data, showing the principal
winners, is taken from* advance proofs
of the Greyhound Studboo-k now being
compiled by Peer Tiffany:
EMIN TASHA.
ISlflS
DAM. DOG. ~||j»
T.or.a Bor.a Fide L.j lj..
Flyaway Roving Author.!..!..) 1
Henry's Bonnie ;,s>s.. America j lj 2|..
Geary's Bonnie I^ass.. Bonnie Pasha. : ll 2..
Geuy'fl Bonn-* I^ars.. Falo A!to *! 51 ll..
Joy n«!lF Santonin ..! 1!..
Little Wonder }.. Dairy D '..|.. ..I 1
Little Wonder Kitty Van l'.. ..
LiUk WojiJt Modr« Beauty'.. I 2 1
Uttlt Wonder (Pocatelli 8 lj..
lMt> Winder Rustic Anna... l|..|..
Mamie Pleasant Black Coon Jjl!..
llamic Peasant 'Honest John, .i . . j 3'..
TJumie Pleasant ' Pasha Pleasant' 3' 2 ..
V>s Skyrocket 'Shoo Fly I 3; ]i..
Sioonlifrht !Lady Newark.]. . | 2'. .
Pri-le of the \>ll»y 'Remisso Animo '.'.!.. I 1
Pride of the Valley Little £i«ter. . 1'..!..
Heal Laesie Im£- lUal Tasha s| « 1
Silver Wins* Tfxas Emin U'.L'l
Hfria'.oa ?;r,kiyou ..11
Pweet Nola Glauous 2:..!..
Pirquoc • •*»•! 1
Toia.1. 14 dams 23 performers., 3o'24J 7
FETTER FREE IMP.
rAsh 'Money Musk... V.A..
'-'■sli :Nc-v,- Hms Boy 2|2'..
I>aisy IVMe :Bpl j e Free.... 2 4'
l)ai*y Belle :«i!ver Heels... 4 3!"
Itziry Belle Mickey Free lj"
Dairy Belle iTillie R * 3"
I'awn Fancy Free... . > ll"
""■a McVej 1} j"
*'-' h " lA>tt Chord 2:
H-jsh Bern Lady free Horn..... .. if..
Motlo ,Crpmo : 1 "
Motto Oubanola 1 l'
Motto Free From FIw 1)2J"
-« otto Mnhattan Kng 1 2 1 ..
**<*'-« Ill Amijfo'..... 1 .. lT..
Motto Our Motto |.. 8
J? OT , to iQueeni Motto.! 4 i;..
Rockette ...j Medea !■.!«]!!
Total. 7 <tam».......lis performers. J10 33;..
FORTVNA FAVENTE IMP.
PI!!!*" 1 ! 11 * Rene K . Apache! 3| 2|..
Iitl lantine Heady Address) 3.' 3
BrfUUnttac Rubber Ankle*. B Hjiv
JJi'ill amirse ;.... Runaway . Acrs 3 | , 6 ■
\"* y 5° EPr Tex. Peach Pie!..!.. 1
UU87 Ro?cr Texas Francis.!..! il 1
Uttle Beauty Ragged Actor.!.. 2j..
J^ 111 ' Beauty RecklesB Acrbt| 2'..j..
l-"-,r^:r.ir Angel 'Fortuna Angeli..'. ) 1
u - ave - Colonial Girl. ..(..*..; 1
Total. 5 (iaas ;jo performers.. \m\ C|13
MOOXDYXE II. "
Larfy Jaae Haphazard ...j 21 4' ~
J-ody .!am- Dorothy M ! it si . .
I^dy Jane FuU Moon -| •,,
l^«dy Jane hiies Brummel 3 . . 1
Lady .lane Prompto |..| 3!..
Lady Jant fiofala ]| 3!..
Toul. 1 to.»..^8 performers.. .|14jl4J 1
ROCK ISLAND KING.
-•-••'--.. -IXnnr'Ryne....! 2! 3| 2
J rm * |Rk. lei. Minnie 2| 2\ 1
limu. Queen of Isles. 3\.j.-.
irrua. • ....Tom King.... 41 1| I
Total. 1 Cam . . . .^ . | Sjperformers . . . iel 9! 6
T. J. McHugh lias a litter of seven
LADIES TO GOLF
AT THE PRESIDIO
Last Competition of Present
Season for Council's Cup
Commences Tuesday Morning-
On Tuesday morning, beginning at
9:30, the qualifying round over eighteen
hole?, medal play, of a competition for
the Council's cup for women will be
held on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club.
It is so set down on the schedule of
the ladies' annex, but it is more prob
able that the qualifying round will be
dispensed with and that the ladies will
proceed at once to the opening rou:id
of match play. In that case the sec
ond or semi-final round will take place
on Wednesday morning and. the final
rcund on Thursday morning. This 13
the third and last competition for the
ladies' trophy during the present sea
son. The winners of the two contests
already held were Mrs. E. S. Miller
and Miss Alice Hager.
It is an interesting thing to compare
the expense of goif two hundred years
ago in Scotland and at the present day
in the United States. The details arc
derived from the diary of Sir James
Foulis, who lived in the seventeenth
century. Balls cost about 10 cents
apiece, a wooden club could be bought
for 50 cents and the hire of a caddie
for one round of a 36-hole course was
8 cents. Of course money was scarcer
and went further in those days than
now. Nowadays the expense of golf
in England is said to be pretty much
what the player chooses to make it.
Once he has joined a club and has pro
cured his outfit the chief expenditure
is on golf balls and on traveling to and
from the links, items -which a careful
man may keep down to low figures, it
is said, however, that the English
golfer who belongs to half a dozen
clubs, travels about the country to take
part in various competitions and has a
nice • taste in Haskells, must have a
fairly long purse. In tnis country a
man who did these things would have
to be a millionaire or something like
one.
puppies by Young America-Moss Rose.
Four are black and white, like the
sire. Their breeding represents crosses
of the Lord Neversettle, Glenklrk, Sky
rocket and Moondyne blood making
them of great promise.
Six greyhounds from the kennel of
J. J. Lavin of St. Louis arrived here
Thursday. They include imported
Haredene, by Fabulous Fortune, a Wa
terloo cup winner; Rolla Wells, the
fastest 4pg about St. Louis, and some
puppies by Tiburon-Colonial Girl which
will start in the Belle Brandon.
Blake & Smith's great dog Northern
Express picked up a squirrel recently
which had been . poisoned.' Prompt
measures on the part of his owners
saved his life. : . -:..v-
W. R. Tonkin, one of the first men
to promote coursing In Butte, is in the
city. He is deeply Interested in the
sport as it Is seen here.
Speed is expected to cut a prominent
figure in the running of the stakes this
week. The hares have had a chance
at the grass, which has a tendency
to slow them. The courting at Union
Park to-morrow will commence upon
the arrival of the 10:15 o'clock train.
The stake has a "classy" look. The
likely winners look to be:
Our Motto, Cubanola, Richard Anton, Aman
dan, Ragtime, General Ucwet. Acltator. Van
dal. Hudson. Bill Dugan. Palo Alto, ■ Kdtnpto
niu«. Helen Hayes. Maid of the Glen. Gambit.
Orsina. Crawford Belle, ■ Barefoot Boy, Clover
rtale. Frisky Barbara, Ardlvance, Texas Hoo
IIoo, Balendin?, rteta S, Rocker Arm. Free
Bom, Fair TValee, Free From Flaw, IJonny
brook, repper Jack, Irvlngton Tralee, Pepper
Hill.
The coursing at Ingleside Park will
begin at 10 o'clock to-morrow. The
sixty-four dog stake is made up of
THE SAN ;, FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. 6, 1904.
THREE CANDIDATES FOR THE RICH BURNS .HANDICAP WHICH ARE CONSIDERED TO HAVE A ROYAL
CHANCE FOR THE LONG END OF THE PURSE IN THE RACE WHICH WILL BE DECIDED TO-DAY
OVER THE INGLESIDE COURSE.
STANFORD LOSES
CRACK HURDLERS
Knlin. Xaramore anil Wellcr
AVill Xot Sport the Cardinal
in the Intercollegiate Meet
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 5.—
The track men have already begun se
rious training for the contest with the
University of California in April and
from now on the sJricteM of training
rules will be observed by all candi
dates for the varsity team. The rainy
weather during the latter part of the
week has Interfered with work on both
the track and the diamond, but at this
early part of the season a few days
Of idleneEs will have no apparent ef
fect on the ultimate condition of the
teams.
Stanford's track team this year, judg
ing "from present indications, will not
be the strong aggregation which every
one expected it would be after the in
tercollegiate meet last year. Many of
the men who were expected to con
tinue at college have left and in other
ways the team has been so crippled
that Trainer "Dad" Moulton faces the
proposition of building up almost an
entire new team.
The three hurdlers- who were in. col
lege last year — Kuhn, Naramore and
Weller— have left, leaving both the
hurdles open events. Crawford', who
won first place in the hammer throw,
is not eligible because he is acting as
a paid assistant in the chemistry de
partment. With Weller out of college,
an entirely new bunch of men .will
have to be tried out for that event.
Thomson, who won the half mile with
ease last year, ha3 also left college.
Hawley. the crack sprinter, graduated
with the class of 1903, and Captain Mc-
Caughern will also be missed in the
sprints.^ "Pie" Smith, quarter-rmiler
and relay man, is another of the car
dinal's point winners who has been lost
by graduation. *
- The only men at present on the track
who have won their varsity emblems
are Captain Holman in the distances,
Dunn and Crossman in the 440-<yard
run, Dole and Beach in the pole vault,
Bell and Henley in the jumps and Hyde
in the shot put.
Unless the weather is much improved
to-morrow and the diamond in condi
tion to be played on the game between
the varsity nine and Clif Ireland's In
dependents will be canceled.
some clever coursers, including Rec
tor, Full Moon, Pasha PJeasant and
others!. The likely winners look to be:
Roy Hughie, lone Hill, 1 Qulta, Frisky Boy,
I Inrlran Gladys. Tamora. Haughty . Helen,
Equator, Homer Boy, ■ Royal Friend, Boot*,
Laughing Water. Tezaa Jtm, Golden ' Rule,
Ragged ' Actor,- - Miss Gantz. Glaucut, Prome
theus Conroy. Doc Burns. Full Moon, Meddle
some,' Rose of Gold. Ploughman; Viking; Rec
tor, Frisco l>ad. PreSldlo ■ Boy. Silver Cloud,
Pasha Pleasant. Lord Granard. :
Insolvent Clerk.
William C. Johnson, a clerk resid
ing in this city, filed a petition in in
solvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. JHe owes $958
and has no assets. . - •
The tenth renewal of the Burns
handicap will be decided this after
noon at Ingleside track. Never in the
history of this, the classic event of the
California turf, has such a high-class
field been carded to face the barrier.
In the past it has been won by Haw
thorne, Wheel of Fortune, Ruinart,
Satsuma, Fluer de Lis, Imperious, The
Fretter, Eonic and Horton, but it is
doubtful if any of these would have a
chance with the turf giants that will
battle for supremacy and the $10,000
purse to-day.
It is a prize well worth striving for
and present indications point to a field
of at least sixteen starters. The flower
of the entire country's riding talent,
with the possible exception of Grover
Cleveland Fuller, will wear silk. Big
bonuses have been offered the cracks
to secure their services, win or lose.
Bookmaker Cae3ar Young will at
tempt to repeat his coup of 1902 with
Eonic. The mare is in at 100 pounds
and Arthur Redfern, the premier
light-weight, has been brought here
from Los Angeles to ride her, receiv
ing $500, win or lose. Walter Jen
nings will have many a string to his
bow, for his popular red and white
stripes will be sported by three, the
mighty Proper, which will shoulder
the top impost of 127 as a. penalty for
his long string of victories and be
ridden by Jack Martin: Arcade and
the dainty Nigrette. There is also a
bare possibility that either Shot Gun,
the herculean mudlark, or the fash
ionable Dainty may replace one of
those named. The Jennings .stable
will, of course, rule favorite, for the
public has learned that it is a profit
able one to follow. ; : ' ■ -
Next in point of prominence comes
M. J. Daly's war horse Claude, winner
of four derby's and secc nd to The Picket
for last year's American Dsrby, with
the heavy Impost of 129 pounds in the
saddle ■•Claude will pick up 122 pounds
and have as pilot Johnny Daly, who at
present Is riding In splendid form. -
New York will be represented by
Oarsman, assigned 118 pounds, with
Otto Wonderly as his guiding mentor.
The Eastern horse has always shown to
better advantage on a fast track, and
it Is thought the heavy going to-day
will greatly militate against his
chances.: - Fossil, the gallant little
brown horse, with 114 pounds to nego
tiate, must' of course be conceded a
look-in, for* he. is always '.'knocking! at
the door." He will be, ridden . by "Bis
Bill" Knnpp.;
In every big race of this sort there is
always the so-termed "dangerous
horse." From all accounts the-onein
to-day's event the, owners of the top
weights are scared of is.FauIconbrldge.
Bob Smith's horse worked? the distance
in 2:06 3-5, is partial 1 to: heavy ;■ going
and'with the clever apprentice ;Harry.
Larsen in the saddle Is entitled to con
sideration.
• Among the leEser lights Modicum'
cannot be entirely overlooked. ; He is a
horse with unsound;, underpinning and
looks outclassed. Still accidents, occur
and besides Dell Fountain*s\entry will
have : Hildebrand .up, and .that. count3
fora good ideal.. Over a sloppy % course
Modicum can dispose of : horses 'that
would lose him on "a dry track, arid,
therefore, may furnish the :. surprise.
Horton, winner of + this ; race last year,
will • again be a : . starter, with his old
friend C. Kelly up. Owing to the. track
Our Bessie, is a doubtful ; starter,' as - are
Horatius, Divina ; and' Ben ; MacDhul.
SCOTCH BOWLERS
ARE PRACTICING
Hope to Be Able to Use the
New Park Green for Tourn
ament Play in Two Weeks
The announcement during the week
that the new green at Golden Gate
Park would be opened on the 22d inst.
was a welcome piece of news to the
Scottish bowlers. The green has been
closed for several weeks and a large
number of the club members have had
no opportunity to bowl. ■ .
About fifteen or twenty enthusiasts
have bowled on the old green every
Saturday afternoon. It is expected
when tournament play is resumed on
the 22d there will be many surpises
in the first round.. Those who have
not been practicing will probably find
a falling off in their games. The few
who have been playing once a week
have been improving and the result
of their practice will be apparent in
the tournament.
The old green is a fair substitute,
but" is not nearly as good as the new
one, which is better sheltered and more
central. The former is a long way out
and the weather at this time of the
year is disagreeable. The men who
have kept in practice with the idea of
carrying off tournament honors are Y.
C. Lawson, T. G. Aiken. T. McNaught,
J. C. Mvffatt, M. L. \:rowe, W. H.
Stewart, Dr. Gunn, R. Park and J. T.
Dare. .
Several good players drew together
in the opening round and close matches
•will result. Aiken, has improved.prob
ably more than any other man. and
is expected to : get well along in
tournament. Y. C. Lawson, the win
ner of v the first tournament, is bowling
a. strong game.and many expect him
to win. His chief contenders will be
J. C. Moftatt, John McLaren and T.
McNaught. These players are all about
equally skillful and their chances . of
winning are. about even.
The members, of the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club will meet next
Thursday evening, at which time the
time limits for the different rounds will
be fixed. Another object of the meet
ing is to, hold the drawings for the
first doubles tournament. About thirty
of the best players have entered.
If Divina should be scratched Tommy
Burns may ride either Ben MacDhui or
Major Tenny. . •
- Following is the list of - probable
starters and their riders, with the odds
the bookmakers .will probably chalk
up: •
• ' • ' Odds."
CS25 Eonic, 10O (Redfern) 20 to I
. 57S9 Faulcohbridge, 108 (Larsen) « ta 1
C87.< Hcrton, 1 05 (C: Kelly) ■ 30 to 1
6S98 Joe Josser. 101* (Foley). 15 to 1
5S25 Fossil, 114 (Knapp) 0 to I
Sim Major Tenny, 102 CDugan) ..; 12 to 1
5.S01 Oarsman, 118 (Wonderly). ...... . ft to I
<57K5)Modlcum "IOO; (Hildebrand) .* . 20 to 1
5T.*)5 »Our Bessie, 104 (L. Jackson)...'. 20 to 1
6825 Claude.' 122 (J. Daly) 5 to 1
t55U" •Dlvlna.lCS- (Burns)... ..... .-.0 to 1
4.-,0i! Arerejfor, 118 (Bullnian)... ...... 20 to 1
5S4» »Ben MacDhui; 10S... 10 to 1
; 5033 Nigrette. »S (Conncll) V
(551t7)Proper, 127 r J. Martin) 1 „,, , ,
575.'; Arcade. 112 (See).:.*........... f z ™ l0 l
(5S25)*Dalnty, 110 (Oliphant)..... ...J
l5S8S)»noratlus. 1C5 (.Kunz) 15 to 1
•Doubtful.
WOMEN TO MEET
IN CUP MATCHES
Fifth of a Series of Con
tests v the Jackman Tro-
pliy Will Be Held To-Day
The only tennis tournament sched
uled for this week is a handicap singles
for women, to be played on the Golden
Gate Park courts to-day. Play will
commence at 9:30 o'clock, and it is ex
pected .the finals will be reached at
about 2:30. All of those who played in
the last tournament of this kind have
entered, and it is expected several oth
ers will compete.
The event is the fifth of a series for
the Jackman cup. This trophy was of
fered almost a year ago. but has only
been competed for four times. The
ladles are showing more interest in
the game than ever, and in future a
tournament will be held every two
weeks until the cup is disposed of.
The four winners have been the most
heavily handicapped in the past. Miss
Miriam Edwards, Miss Hazel Hotch
kiss and Miss Ethel Ratcliffe, all of
Berkeley and all playing from * 4 15"
back of scratch, ,have their names in
scribed on the cup. The fact that the
cup has not been won by a handicap
player nor one from this city Is sig
nificant of two things. One is the handi
caps allowed have not been sufficiently
liberal, and the other is that expert
lady players in this city are csarce.
There are probably five lady players
here to one in Berkeley, yet the college
town has four fair racket wlelders who
outclass anybody on" this side of the
bay.
The handicaps in the last tournament
•were larger than usual, but the result
was the same. Two of the scratch
players met in the finals. Some of the
better players will undoubtedly be sur
prised when they read the handicaps.
Large odds will be > given to all those
' playing above scratch, and the latter
will not have an easy time winning. It
is the intention of the committee in
charge, to get the name of at least one
lower class player on the cup before it
goes acros the bay.
Mis3 Ethel Ratcliffe leads in the race
for the cup and needs but one more
victory to become its permanent own
er. Miss Miriam Edwards and Mis3
Hazel Hotchkiss have their names on
the cup once. Miss Edwards did not
play in the last tournament, but is en
tered in this. She is somewhat out of
practice, but has a good chance of win
ning from either Miss Hotchkiss or
Miss Ratcliffe should they meet. The3e
three players will be "Id 3-6" behind
scratch to-day, while the others who
figured in the last tourney will be given
the same odds. Miss Wegener and Mrs.
Watson are entered, and, with Miss
Bessie Valleau and Miss Maud Varhey,
will play from the "15" mark. ;
The return match between Herbert
Schmidt of the California Club and
Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Club will be played on the park courts
to-morrow afternoon.
No arrangements have been made for
a return match between the clubs, but
one will probably be hald In a few
weeks. The California Club will be
strengthened in the next meeting and
should carry off the honors.
The Golden Gate Club will hold a
class singles on the 14th and 21st. Two
classes will be played on each of these
dates.
The drawing for the ladies' handicap
is as follows:
Preliminary round— Miss Alice 'Duncan CU)>
vs.- Miss Anita BeyfU3s (15): Miss Hotchkiss
(owe 153-ti)-v«. Miss V. Crocker (30): Miss B.
Valleau (1M vj. Miss Maud Varney (IS): Miss
I). Mills C5O> vs. Miss Edwards <ow« 15.1-«>:
Miss Mearnes (30) vs. Miss Ratclifte (owe
15 rt-C>
• First round, upper half — Miss V. Beyfuss <30)
a hyp.
First ro»'.nd. lower half — Miss TVeKener «13)
Vf. Mrs. Watson (,15.> •<■ - ■
Consternation is not conversion.
YACHTSMEN ENJOY
DOING POLITICS
An Exciting Contest for Post
of Senior Flag: Officer of
Pioneer Club Is Expected
On next Wednesday evening the an
nual meeting of the members of th»
San Francisco Yacht Club will be held,
the principal business being the elec
tion of officers to serve during the com
ing twelve months.
Ay sharp contest and a lively meet
ing are expected, for there are two
tickets out, each with a large number
of supporters. The nominees on the
regular ticket are: Commodore, A. C.
Lee; vice commodore, H. H. Jennesa;
port captain, Fred Raisch; recording
secretary, J. E. Gray; treasurer, F. A.
Robbins; financial secretary. A. G. A.
Mueller; measurer, Daniel Miller.
The nominees on the "members* tick
et" are: W. G. Morrow, for commo
dore; W. W. Wilde, recording secre
tary; W. W. Farrar, measurer; the rest
being the same as on the regular ticket.
The meeting will be held in the con
servatory of the Palace Hotel and la
certain to attract a large attendance.
Advantage will be taken of the pres
ence of so many members to discuss
seme matters of interest to ths club.
especially the acquisition of a site for
ways. These are a most important ad
junct of a yacht club, and good per
manent ways tend to induce owners to
Join the club.
Three new yachts are in course of
construction at Frank Stone's yard.
namely, the sloop Corinthian, designed
by Sterling Burgess of Boston to chal
lenge for the San Francisco perpetual
cup, and two schooners designed by
Frank Stone, one for J. R. Hanlfy and
the other for M. A. Newell. Both
schooners are of modern type, the one
for M. A. Newell having a foot more
beam and longer overhangs than that
for J. R. Hanify. The boats, while in
tended to possess fair speed, will have
commodious cabins, with plenty of
headroom, and will be provided with
every convenience for cr\iising.
Frank Stone's sloop Presto will have
her overhangs extended, her sides built
up and her cabin raised, so as to render
her a roomier and more comfortable
craft. She will have no bowsprit, her
headsail being Inboard. When heeled
over she *vlll have more bearing 'and
will be able to carry her canvas better.
Sharpe and Toepke's fast sloop Har
poon is being overhauled and put into
good trim. Andrew Thome's yawl
Seven Bells is on the ways, where she
will' dry out well.
C1IOY GUT IS CONVICTED
OF BEING A SUBSTITUTE
Choy Gut was convicted by a jury
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court of having aided and abet
ted in the illegal landing of a Chinese
immigrant from the steamer Gaelic
on September 11 of last year. • Choy
was ono of six middle-agsd Chines*
laborers that were substituted by
Peputy United States Marshal Gam
ble for six that had been ordered to
be deported. The substitution wa-4
detected by inspectors from the Chi
nese bureau Then the men were
brought to the gangplank of the
steamer by Gamble.
Gamble was placed under arrest
and made a full confession, implicat
ing. Dasha. Dempsey and Burnett, at
the time Sheriff's deputies, who had
been detailed as jailers at the County
Jail. On the day following the pub
lication, of the confession Gamble
killed himself with his revolver in
Buena .Vista Park.
Choy was ordered to appear at 10
o'clock this morning for sentence. His
five companions have been granted
the right of separate triala and thoir
cases will come up next week.SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK AND HAPPENINGS IN THE RING
MORENO EASILY
WINS BOUT WITH
BIG GUS KOSTER
Rushes His Man Around Ring
and Puts Him to the Floor
Four Times in First Round
SLOAN DEFEATS OLIVER
r Fast Amateur Boxers Furnish
Many Exciting Contests at
P Mechanics* Pavilion Annex
-* The wallops were handed around
thick and fast last ni^ht atMechanics'
.Pavilion Annex. Likely amateurs In
all classes vied -with one another for
honors In the twenty-four-foot ring.
There were knockouts in nearly every
bout of the evening. The final affair
went to "Walter Moreno, the Butcher
town kid, who gave Gus Koster' quite
a beating.
Koster was all in during the pro
gress ot the first round, but showed he
is a clever "staller" and managed to
k^ep his opponent from delivering the
knock-out punch, though he went to
the carpet four times in a row in the
first round. The next spasm was on
the earn* lines, Kosrer tiring, but re
fusing to be laid on the floor for the
count- r-'
In the third round Koster took a
brace and landed once in a while.
Moreno was not in the best of form
and began to get tired. Even at that
he would rush Koster when the chance
looked good. The fourth round was
in Moreno's favor and the judges gave
him the decision without a murmur.
Tom Sullivan again got away with
Dick Hyland after a desperate g-o of
four rounds. Sullivan is too big for
th<» little iron worker and kept jabbing
his left to advantage. At times Hy
land would rush in and mix it. but the
lead of Sullivan was too great and
could not be overcome, though the
little fellow was willing.
Chick Sloan, a likely looking wel
ter. fir.iFhed Charles Oliver, a choco
late colored lad. in one round that was
brimming over with fight. It seemed
f-ither would go to the floor and the
v.hite boy finally brought one over on
the jaw that turned the trick. Frank
Smith and Harry Bowers did the sen
satiosai act of the night. . It was out
of the ring with both of them at fre
r;uent intervals for two rounds. In
the third Smith managed to level a
good one on the point of Bowers" Jaw
and then all was over with the latter
for about ten minutes.
Jack O'Brien knocked out Charles
Yfager in two rounds and Harry
Tenny took all the fight out of Frank
MejU after the lads had been fight
ing for two minutes and a half.
lloot and Wille in Drawn Battle.
CHICAGO, Feb. 3.— John Wille and
Jack Root fought six rounds to-night,
the decision being a draw. The fight
«a fast, with Wille on tne aggressive
throughout. Root did not appear to be
In the best of condition and did not
ehow as well as in many former con
tests. Neither man was damaged to
ery extent.
Gardner to FigJit Carter.
, MILWAUKEE. Feb. 5. — George
Gardner of Lowell, Mass., and Kid
Carter of Brooklyn have been matched
for six rounds befc/^j the Milwaukee
Boxing Club ca the lath inst.
Ixing- Hen-era Bout Postponed. *
ANACONDA, Mont., Feb. 5.— The
t^pruy-round contest between Louie
L'ng of Oakland and Aurelio Herrera,
scheduled for the 11th inst. at Butte,
has been changed to the 12th.
Water Poloists in Fast Game.
One of the fastest games of water
X-oIo ever played on this coast was con
tested last night at the Lurline baths
between two picked team» of the Lur-
Une Swimming Club. The game was
for the medals held over from the bank
ers' entertainment given last fall at
Eutro baths. The teams were evenly
matched. The first game, played in
the Olympic Club, resulted in neither
side scoring. The second game last
night was finished with each team hav
ing one goal. This left the contest un
settled, so the two captains agreed to
play for the remaining goal necessary
to decide possession of the medals.
About three minutes after the boys
had Jumped in the water for the third
game G. Dawgon made a clean throw,
landing the ball in the right spot lor
the decidins eoal. With W. Pomiu
captain. G. Dawgon, A. Young, H.
Heinz. T. Harris, E. Dawson and W.
Bray won from E. Smith, W. P. Stock
ton, J. A. Gcddes. O. Schultz, H. See
bach and J. A. Jackson, witrj W. Harris
captain. The score was 2 to 1 in favor
<•' Captain Pomin's side. F. S. Geddes
acted as timekeeper and R. B. Cornell
a= judge of goals.
Thomson's Arrest Asked.
A Witi-rant was secured from Police
Judg-e Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
llobert \V. Thomson on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses. It
is alleged that he went to the office
of the White Company, money lenders.
Chronicle buildinff, on December 14
and represented that he was employed
by the Equitable Life Assurance So
tiety. The society, he said, owed him
?CI0 and he wanted to borrow the
amount and assign his claim to the
"White Company. He got the money
and it is now alleged that he was not
employed by the society and no money
was due him.
Drowned in a Bathtnb.
Mrs. Tobina Colson. a native of
Norway, S3 years old, was accident-
ally drowned in a bathtub yesterday
morning in the Old People's Home,
corner of Pine and Pierce streets. She
had been taken with a fainting epell
while in the bath. Her husband is
•ibout her age and is an inmate of the
s-me institution.
JVAEHrSCTON. Feb. 3. — Admiral Schler.
■■" »**n fuf?<Ting from n xligtjt attack
«» gr::i. wats r^jwrtwi belter to-day. He w«»
*. ... iv it**-* bi* rucxa.
SCHREIBER'S COLT
PINKERTON WINS
IN EASY STYLE
Two- Year-Old Cleverly Out
foots His Field at Ascot Park
Trael: in a Half Mile Race
DOCBLE 0 OVERLOOKED
(jhcstiiut Sod of- Rossington,
Twenty to One in the Rin<r,
Beats J. V. Kirbv Handilv
LOS AXGELES, Feb. 5.— The races
at Ascot Park were run over a muddy
track to-day for the first th*.e since the
season began and form players were at
some disadvantage in picking winners.
They were fairly successful, however,
three favorites, two second choices and
an outsider capturing the purses.
Schreiber's Pinkerton won the two
year-old event at. half a mile, which
was second on the card, in the easiest
kind of fashion. "Wotxlclairn was sec
ond and De Grammont third. Pinker
ton was 1 to 2 in the bettins.
The first race brought out a large
field of ordinary horses. Silver Fir, at
4 to 1, winning from Capable and Chem
ist.
Trre third race went to Double O,
which was practically overlooked in the
betting. Twenty to one was his price,
and he defeated the favorite, J. V. Kir
by, in handy style. Miss Nettie wa»
third.
Sais won the fourth from Dargin and
Gloriosa. He was heavily played.
The fifth was an upset. Buccleuth
was a red-hot favorite, but failed to
show. Red Damsel, at 6 to 1, won all
the way. Canejo was a close second
and Galanthus third.
The sixth number fell to the favor
ite, Jim Hale, at even money. Athel
rose was second and Thlsbe third.
Weather rainy; track muddy.
SU3IMARY.
First race. Slauson course, purse — Silver Fir.
122 <M:les). 4 to 1. won; Capable. 119 (Dono
van). 5 to 1 second; Chemist, 119 (Anderson),
5 to 1. third. Time. 1:14^. Honduran. Frier
lien. Rovolt. Seaforth. Nell Holton, Pirato,
Xijrwalk II. Beau Imperial, Can Nell, Camulus
and Annie F also ran.
Second race, fcur furlongs, two-year-olds —
Pinkerton. 112 (J. Boland), 9 to 20, won: Wood
claim, 1C9 <E. Walsh). 4 to 1, second; De
Grammor.t. 112 (Phillips), «5 to 1, third. Time,
:5*>. Auro, Harry Stephen*. Mary Pepper,
Capitanazo and El Otro* also ran.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Doable O. Ill <.E. Morp*r). 20 to 1. won; J. V.
Kirr.y. 101 <E. Walsh) 6 to 6. second; Mls«
Nettie. V.» (J. Lewis). 20 to 1. third- Time.
1 :24. Almoner, Landseer. Schwarcwald. Nina
B L. Homage. Educate and Gray Morn also
ran.
Fourth race, six furlong?, handicap — Sali>,
100 (Phillip** 6 to 5. won: Dargin. 95 (Felcht).
7 to 1. second; Gloriosa. 100 (E. Walsh). 3 to 1,
third. Time. 1:15. Tax Man and Grail aleo
ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Rea' Damsel. 05
iE. Walsh*. 6 to 1. won; Canejo. 05 (Fttzpat
rick). 15 to 1. secend; Galanthus. 97 (Wllklns).
10 to 1. third. Time. 1:44%. Louwelsea, La
bor. Invkrtuf. Moor. Buccleuth and Silver Fizz
a'.- ■ ran.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Jime Haie, IOt; 'E. Walsh), 4 to 5, won; Athel
rose 101 (Mountain). 5 to 1. second: Thlsbe,
107 '«J. Lewis). 3 to 1, third. Time. 1:24.
Hilary also ran.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 5. — Crescent City re
eults:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Miss Mel
ton won. Ralph Young second, Trossachs third.
Time. 1:14 1-5.
Seccr.d re.ee. six and a half furlongs — Zyra
won. Vestry second. Swept Nell third. Time,
1:20.
Third rac«. en* mile — Felix Bard won. Bark
lernore second. Lingo third. Time. 1:41.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yaruit,
s*lllng — Mamselle won, Ethel Scruggs second.
Inspector Shea third. Time. 1:46.
Fifth race, three and a half furlongs — Lady
Greenwood won. Lythellst second. Truffle
Hunter third. Time. :42U.
Sixth race, one and an eighth mile* — Mauser
won Be*sie McCarthy secend. ■ Past third.
Time, l:53*j-
GRAND CONFERENCE
OF IROQUOIS CLUB
Democrats of the Pacific Coast Pre-
paring to Organize for Coming
Presidential Campaign.
The following delegates were elect
ed last evening to represent the San
Francisco Iroquois Club at the annual
conference of Democratic clubs which
takes place on Washington's birthday,
Monday, February 22, at 10 a. m.:
Henry L. Bienfleld. E. It. Zlcn. Judge James
G. Maguire. John O'Brien, M. C. Haasett, C
J R Buttlar. D. Gilbert Dexter, W. E. Du
Boise William M. Cub^ry, C. M. Stoltz.
Charles Gay. E. J. Sullivan. J. J. Flinn.
Thomas J. Pinder. August Tlllman, Charles
EdeJman. S. S. Bayley. J. I. Macks, William
J. Locke. W. A. Asmussen. C. W. Moores,
William H Kline and Amos Melcher.
The followine Pacific Coast States
will be represented: Oregon. Wash
ington. Nevada and Arizona.
A. A. Bailey, grand president, will
rail the convention to order. The ob
ject of the conference will be to or
ganize the Democracy of the Pacific
Coast for the coming Presidential
campaign.
LAXGUORXE DENIES THAT
HE NEGLECTS HIS WIFE
Salesman Says He Has Always Been
a Good Provider and Accuses
His Spouse of Cruelty.
H. M. Langhorne, a salesman In the
employ of the Philadelphia Fhoe Com
pany on Third street, who is the de
fendant in a suit for support filed by
Ida Langhorne. filed an answer to her
suii yesterday, and also a cross-com
plaint in which he asks for a divorce.
He denies that he has failed to pro
vide to/ her and accuses her of treat-
Ing him cruelly.
Suits for divorce for cruelty vftre
filed ty Anna M. Prath against John
T. Fiath and Mannah A- Farm against
Charles A. Farm, and for desertion by
Frank I. Kelly against Evilo Ktlff and
Louis Darr against Fanny Darr.
Decrees of divorce .were granted to
Wilh'elmina C. Mills from Edward J.
Mills for neglect. Constant Voiland
from Virginia Voiland few desertion and
George Mayer from Mary C. Mayer for
desertion.
Walters Brought Back.
James M. Walters, ex-bellboy at the
Colonial Hotel. Pine and Jones streets,
was brought back from Minneapolis,
Minn., by Detective Dinar! yesterday
morning. Walters is charged with
granQ larceny for stealing the dia
monds and other jewelry from the
rooms of Baroness von Horst on Jan-'
uary 7. He fled to Minneapolis, where
he was arrested. Some of the stolen
jewelry was found in his possession.
His two accomplices were arrested in
this city. . ' . . . ' ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6. 1904.
PRINCESS TITANIA IS FIRST,
RIDDEN BY ARTHUR REDFERN
First Choices Do
Not Take to
the Mud.
The crack lightweight Jockey Arthur
Redfern came up expressly to ride
Eonic in the big stake to-day, but Red
fern Sr. was prevailed upon to allow
his son to -ride Princess Titania in the
six and a half furlong handicap at In
gleside yesterday and the young man
came out of it with all the honors.
Hildebrand. who rode John A. Scott,
boasted of what he would show the
Eastern boy, but fell as flat as a toad
on a rock of doing so. The track was
in a sloppy condition and the price
about the Princess went from 3 to 21
to 5. Kenilworth was asked to carry
122 pounds, but In spite of this/went to
the post a " to 5 chance. "Willie See
may he able to ride some horses, but
he handles Kenilworth with about as
much skill as a truckman would an
automobile.
It was a two-horse race from the
start. Hildebrand went away in the
lead with John A. Scott, but Redfern
oh the Princess never permitted him
to get far away. In the stretch when
Scott began tiring Princess Titania
forged ahead, winning by four open
lengths. Kenilworth got away third
and never bettered his position. O'Ha
gen was the only other starter.
OXE FAVORITE IiAXDS.
Favorites met with poor success, Did
erot being the only one to pick up a
purse. The weather was clear and
pleasant and there was a large crowd
present.
Mike Daly turned a warm one loose
in the opening event. He sent Sir Tom
Tiddler to the post after a long vaca
tion and backed from 20 down to 8 the
big Loyalist horse went out and
spreadeagled his field. Adirondack
finished second, h^lf a length ahead of
Boutonniere. Flyer, the 4 to 5 favorite,
ran third.
Marie J was the next favorite to fall
by the wayside. The fllly ruled a 3 to 2
favorite for the 2-year-old scramble^.nd
was easily defeated by Wllla, the sec
ond choice, ' ridden by Hildebrand.
Edith Vice took show honors from Del
Carina.
Larsen rode a well judged race on
Decoy, a 6 to 1 chance, receiving a nose
decision over Expedient at the finish
of the mile and a sixteenth selling af
fair. Expedient, an 18 to 5 favorite,
was slow to begin as usual, falling
a trifle short at the wire, although no
fault could be found with' Jack Mar
tin's ride. Xorford finished third, rid
den by Gruwell, an apprentice. With
an experienced rider in the saddle, the
big gelding would have won by himself.
ALBEMARLE A WIN'XER.
Ulctma, the "Seattle Interurban,'
came dangerously close to winning the
five- furlong sprint, for which Muresca
had first call in the betting. The little
mare made all the running and at the
end was only led out a neck by Albe
marle, the second choice, astride which
Hildebrand rode a strong finish. Oli
phant rode a weak race on Muresca,
losing the show to Matt Hogan/
Sloppy going was always the long
suit of Diderot, and Jack Atkin's geld
ing downed Ulilouon a nose for the con
cluding race of the day. There was
such a steady play on The Fretter that
he closed e(jual choice with Diderot.
For half a mile The Fretter stayed
with Diderot, then began falling back
and ran unplaced. Ulilouon closed
strongly and at the finish Oliphant on
Diderot was brought to a hard drive to
win by a nose. Mr. Dingle finished
third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Hildebrand rode two winners, was
once second and twice finished third.
Trains will leave Third and Townsend
streets for Ingleside to-day at 1 and
1:15 p. m.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
.VO) 'Cartlee (Appleby & Co.) 94
W£l Kickurabcb (Walz & Co.) 104
3894 Grand Sachem (Moran) 101
5><58 Luntca fMcMichaels) W
5125 "Erall <Young) 87
51KW 'Miss Ringlets (Carey) 79
5D2O 'Emily Oliver (Clarke) 94
5930 *The Toiler (F. Jones) 0«J
5934 Rlnaldo (Slsklyou Stable) 101
500« Stimy (Hooper) °"
5U10 Nilgar (Lieser) 101
Second race — Halt mile; two-year-olds;
purse:
59O7 Morita (Xapa Stork Farm) 10<5
CVS.-.9)Golrlen Idol (Rowell) 112
57S7 Peggy ONeil (Smith) 109
(534." > )B1I1 Short (Dobson) 112
f>!)43 Eduardo (Burns & Waterhouse) 106
(5703)Meada (Bianchl & Co.) 109
5907 Nell Sullivan (Spratt) 106
Third race — Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and up: selling:
(5»46)»Brennus (Judge) 102
5010 Mountebank (Keating & Co.) 10J
.1123 Resin (Cohen & McKennlp) 107
5572 The Pride (Neale) 107
5M4 Judge Voorhles (Murray) 110
5S46 Bassenzo (Walz & Co.) 107
5MG Goddess of Night (Parks) 105
5042 »E1 Piloto (Hoag) 102
593O Wyoming ("Barry ) 107
(5.«>70)»BerJash (Jeuness) 102
694tt Handpress (Magrane) 110
5906 Dr. Sherman (White) 107
Fourth race — Burns handicap, mile and a
Quarter, three-year-olds and up, $10,0CO.
T£"Z Eonic (Ceasar Young) ICO
57«» Faulconbridge (Housman) ...108
5573 Horton (Bianchl & Co.) 105
5S38 Joe Lesser (Beams) 104
5*23 Fossil (Parker & Thwaltes) 114
S0.il Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 102
5801 Oarsman (Kempner) 118
(57«5)Modlcum (Fountain) 100
57 K Our Bessie (Newman) '. 104
5h25 Claude (Daly) 122
5597 Divina (El Primero Stable) 1CS
4303 Argregor (Boot* Sc Hollenbeck) 118
5*49 Ben MacDhui (P. Ryan) 108
5!«5 Nigrette (Jennings) , OS
C>o97)Proper (Jennings) ...." 127
.17K Arcade (Jennings) 112
(58C5)Dalnty (Jennings) 110
(iS3S)Horatlua (McAlester) 1C5
Fifth race — Seven-eighths of a ntfle, three
year-old* and up. selling. /
5034 'Bard Burns (Judge) ".......107
5406 'Anvil (Murray) 9«
&S60 'Nullah (McKenzie> 102
K)22 Planet (Parker &. Thwaltes).. S3
KW4 'Yellowstone (Fine) ........; 107
Sim Flyer (Ryan) os
5.172 'Effervescence ( Coffey ) 87
WM2 Optimo (Blakeman) 104
(300S)'An>emarle (Tierney) 101
Sixth race^ — Eleven-sixteenths of a mile, four
year-olds and up. aelllnr.
SKA The Fretter (O'Rourke)... 104
(5944)*BM Massle (McAlester) »0
5010 •Axmlnster (Randal!) 09
5R20 Keynote" (Kyle) .101
(KKWFrank Woods (Garden City Stable). .104
(5959)'Dlderot ( Atkin) jx;
• Appentice allowance.
P2OBABLE WXHXTSSS.
Pint race— Emily , Oliver. Carilee,
Kictrcmbob.
Second race— JCeada, Fejrpy O'Heil, Bill
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S. RACING FORM CHART.
.IKGI.ESH)E RACETBACI- FRIDAY. Feb. 5.— Weather fine. Track sloppy.
6954. FIRST RACE— Six and a hall furlonga; selling:; 4-year-olda and up; to first, <325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. »* . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
-5414 Sir T. Tiddler. 5 (M. J. Daly)j.ll2 3 ... 1-H'l 3 14 14. J. Daly 12 8
6CW Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) 105 1... 3323'242H J. Martin.. o »
t6W Boutonniere, 4 (F. Jones) S3 10 ... S Jj's 4 «3 3 '% HHd-brand • 5 •
6946 Flyer 4 <T. H. Ryan) 100 9 ... 7 2%4 3 3 n 4 4 Larsen 6-0 *-j»
5932 Blackthorn. 5 <C. P. Fink)... 112 6 • ... 5 h 8 n » H 5 2% J. T. Shehn 4 _5
5819 Candidate 5 (H. E. Rowell).. 98 4 .;. 2 n 3 1 4 1V4« « ITravers ... 30 60
58S2 Dandle Belle, 6 (Winter).... 90,12 ... 3^10 1 8 1 7 ltyL. Jackson. . 30 60
5774 Pruewood. 6 <J- McAlester)..., 06 ! 11 ... 11 4 11 6 9 1 8 *; lOIiphant .. SP 40
CS4S Rir.aldo. a fSisktyou Stable).. 109J- 2 ...10 1 9 h 10 2 9 5 |H. Stuart.. 10 I?
5S15 Sam Lazarus E}»q.. & <5toer). .ll&i 5 ... 6 l\k~ »ill 6 10 3 Bell 1J> .. •»
5832 Torllla. 5 <A. Ray & Co.)....[l01 7 ... 4 »i 5 h 7 fill G (Foiey 30 «>
5a32 |Huntres«a. 5 (Buckley & Co.).[ . »4l'8 ... 12 12 12 12 jKunz 0 ™
Time— :24H. :49ti. 1:16. 1:23. At post 3 minutes Off at 2:CC. Tiddler, ptace. 3: show.
8-5. Adirondack, place. 4; show 2. Boutonniere show. 6-5. TVlnner. b. h. by Loyal.* t-
Contraito Trained" by M. J. Daly. Scratched— Cracko Grand Sachem. Start good. Won
In a gallop. Next three driving hard. Tiddler was heavily played and ran away from
his fleld. Adirondack ran to form. Flyer Is a hard-lucK horse. Blackthorn will do
poorly^ -j . i _ ri _ i^ i _ i _ Oj _ _ . .
BOSS. SECOND RACE — Three and a half furlongs; selling: 2-ycar-olds; value to first. >325.
Index Horse and Owner. TWtlSt. U^ ?4- Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op- Cl.
(5907) Wllla (A. T. Dobson) OS \ 1* 4 13 12 Hildebrand 2. 9-5
6763 Marie J (M. Jones) |109 4 3 4 3 2^2 n J. Daly 7-5 3-2
5907 Edith Vice (P. Hlldreth) I105i 2 2 3 2 n 3 3 J. Martin.. 12 -3
59C7 Del Carina tR. A. Smith) U0l! 3 4 2^4 4 4 3 Larsen 5 13-2
5907 Eaccharate OTapa Stock Farm) 1011 5 56 56 56 Foley 1- is
. Edgecliff (B. & W.) -1O4|7 6n 63 68 Bell 12 25
! S*a Voyage (Mrs. Miller) j 0«i 6 7 7 7 Oliphant . ■ 2O 60
! Time— :24^: :43: "At post 1% minutes Off at 2:32V 3 . "Willa. place. 1-2; show. out. Marie,
place, »-20; show. out. Vice, show, 5-2 Winner, ch. t. by King Eric-Pearl Moore.
Trained by William Short. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard. Willa best.
Marie J warmed up aa If not partial to the going. Del Carina 8 h°uldl^e
593O. THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-oldg tt up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ! Wt'Bt. ft. £T 9i- Str. Fin. I Jockey. OP- a
6S60~ Decoy, a (G. Miller) m i_ 1 2 1 lfcl 1%1 1^1 ns Larsen .... 6 6
5D00 Expedient, a <P. E. Smith)... 10G4 9" 8 5^2^2 2»i J. Martin.. 5-2 18-5
6920 Xorford 6 (C. H. French) tlC4 2 7 1 7 3 7 4 3h 3 3 Gruwell ... 4. 4
5.S15 The Counsellor. 4 (CottonJ...t.91 a 3*;3n 42 51 43 Hlldebrand 10 8
5700 Past Master 4 (C. P. FinkX-.flOl 5 % 3 2 2H2 n 4 H 5 1 J. T. Shehn 4 4
5!>20 Polonlus 4 (J. F. Stewart).. 94 6 H 1 4 V. 3 *i 6 3 6 4 W. Daly... 8 6
C920 El Pilar' 5 (A. A. Haskell) . . . | 96 7 6 4 ■ 6 H 8' 7 ID 7 15 Oliphant .. 6 10
5020 jSlsenvlne. 6 (F. J. Stoer). .. .jlOl 8 4 1 5 «j 6 n 8 8 T. Butler... | 15 eo
time— :241s, ":50U 1:1"U. 1:44£. 1:51, At post 1% minutes. Off at 2:56. Decoy.' place,
5-2; show 6-5 Expedient, place," 6-5";" show, 3-5. Norford. ahow. 1. Winner, b. g. by De
celver-Xahtucket Trklned by E Carey. Scratched — Brlssac. Start good. Won in a hard
drive of three. Decoy under excellent handling- Just did last. With a more competent rider
up Norford 1 could not have lost. Polonlus no account In muddy going.
5057. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; hndep.; 3-yr.-olds and up: to first, >40O.
Index Horse and Owner. iWt|St. Vi . *i. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
5895 Princess Titania. 6 (Millin)..!107i 4 2^22 22 2n 1 4 U Redfern ...| 3^21-5
(J753) John A. Scott. 4 (M. Jones). .U06J 1 I 2*1 1%V 4 1 »4 2 2HtHlldebrand 3 14-5
5921 KenJlworth 6 (H. Stover) 1122! 3 3 2 34 3 5.35 3n (See I 8-5 .-5
5921 lOHagen. 5 (Mrs. Bender) | 96| 2 4 4 4 . 4 4 lOIiphant ..[ 4 9-2
Time :24H :4«4. 1:14%; 1:21 Vi. At post 6 minutes. Off at 3:27 4. Princess, place. 11-10;
«hcw out Scott, place. 4-5; show, out. Kenilworth. -show, out.. Winner, b. m. by
Masetto-Queen Titania. Trained by C. Young. Start fair. Won ridden out. Xext two
storplng. Princess outstayed Scott. Away none too well. Kenilworth looked to have a
chance in the stretch when he wag cut_ off by- Jo^J^Scott^O^H^n^atc^^ed^^^
Si>58. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. jWt'St. }i . Vt- %• Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
; (59*19) AlbemTrle. 4 (E." Tlerney).. .. 102 2 ... 2%2n 2,2 1 n IHndebrand 3 13-5
5«8 Ulctma. 5 (W. S. Robb) 101 4 ... 1 ** 12 1 n 2 2U Foley ..... 6 6
5034 Matt Hogan, a (Magrane). . ..J107! 7 ,.. 4h 5n 3n 3.2 J. Martin.. 4 3
5934 Muresca, 5 (Mrs. Miller) ICO 3 ... 82 4h 4^45 Oliphant .. 11-5 5-2
(5810) Amasa a <M. M. Rowley).... 102 6 ... 3 1*3 1^5 5 5 7 C. Smith... 10 2O
5S49 JAlgaretta a (J. A. Murray).. 100 5 ... 6 n 7 1 » 6n Larsen .... 10 20
5«70 Adnor 5 (F. Jones).... 100 1 ... 75 6n6n74 L.Jackson. 30 30
(5934) Rollick 6 (M. Jones)....'. 107 1 9 ... 9 6 9 8 9 8 4 J. Daly.... 6 15
44SS SollnuV 5 (L Levy) 107 1 8 ... 84 83 S 9 2 J. T. Shehn 15 100
5910 JDavidS. 6 (W. L-Etanfleld).. 107110 -.'. 10 10 10 10 |C. Kelly.... 20 20
■nr-e, -oiu -4914 1:02. At post 7}i minutes. Off at 4:01. Albemarle. place. 9-10; show.
iV" uictma place 5-2: show 6-5. Hogan. show. 7-10. Winner, b. g. by Deceivef-
Fable Trained by E. Tiemey. Scratche d— Bassenzo. Bard Burns. Start good. Won
easilv" Next two driving Hildebrand outrode Foley at the end. Matt Hogan was well
ridden. With a strong ride Muresca could have won. Rollick ran poorly. Amasa out
foctcdi _ _ _ .__,
593O. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. IWt St. \j . *?. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. cT.
Ksilo" Dldernt 6 (J P Atkln) U01 5f.2 2 lh lh 1 14 1 us Oliphant .. 9-5 5-2
SK3 U flouon 6 (WD Randall).. 104 3 *3 % 5 *i 4 2^3 n 2 2 Foley 7 12
(M30) Mr D?ni»e 4 (S judge) 1O4 2 ' 4 % 3 * 3 h 4 4 3 3 Hildebrand 3 17-5
S'&eF^r. Y S (b-Rourke)....109 1 In 2 1*2 1*2 1 4 1U,M y 3 5-2
5SD7 TAnlrad. 3 (Mrs. J. Coffey).... S7 4 6 « 5 % 6 5 n £■£»!*••• 8 -
5933 ICol. Van. 6 (D. S. Fountain). 104 6 5 2*4 n fa 5*6 Travers ... a »
rr~r~^rn rrrr . . 16ti 1.431:. At post v; minute. Off at 4:20. Diderot, place. 4-5;
L» o 5 IlillouoB Vl«e *: show/ 3-2. Dingle, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. g. by
RoJskeau La AS Trafned by E. Carey. Start fair. Won In a very hard drive of
two Third driving" Diderot right at home In sloppy going. He could have won with
out much trouble If piloted by a stronger rider. Mr. Dingle ran his race. The Fretter
quit. Colonel Van Is stale.
YACHTS WILL SAIL
OX SPRECKELS LAKE
Xe« Sheet of Water Will Be Avail
able for Washington's Birth
day Races.
The model yachtsmen are anxiously
awaiting the formal opening of
Spreckels Lake in Golden Gate Park.
There is at present about two feet of
water in the lake and it is expected
the necessary four feet will be in by
the 22d inst. Arrangements are un
der way for the first big race meet to
be held on that date.
Many of the small craft have been
skimming Stow Lake during the past
two weeks, but the sport will be much
better when the new lake is ready for
use. There is much more wind there
than at Stow Lake and the facilities
for sailing generally are much bet
ter. The banks of the old lake are
not as good for landing as those of
the new and the yachtsmen will have
less trouble from this source.
The time allowance this year will
be seven seconds to the inch. With
the new measuring machine it will be
possible to get the exact measure
ments, and this, with the amount of
canvas carried, will determine the
allowance. This will work rather a
hardship on some of those who have
already built large boats. B. Jurgen's
Zarapa is one of the largest boats, 75
inches, and will have to allow many
inches to the shorter boats.
Nearly all the craft . this year are
sloop rigged. Commodore Gunning
has a seventy-two-inch model rigged
this way and she has proved fast in
trial heats.
William Brown, the pioneer model
yacht owner of San Francisco, has a
new miniature yacht called the D.
Cerelli. It is a sixty-nine-inch model
and is fast-
Vice Commodore Henry London is
still sailing the Imp. This boat car
ried off many prizes last year and the
owner expects it to do the same this
year. L. E. Gaudy and Commodojre
Gunning are sailing the sister boats.
Lulu and Witch, every Sunday, t They
have been altered since their last ap
pearance and it would be hard to say
which is the faster.
Many of the yachtsmen will be out
to-morrow sailing their boats on the
new lake. There will be some im
promptu races and the owners will be
able to get a line on the different
boats.
Euing Signs Schmidt.
OAKLAND. Feb. 5.— Henry Schmidt
or "Schmidty," the crack little base
ball pitcher with the sarcastic s;nile.
who made a record with the Brooklyn
nine after leaving here in 1902, has been
signed to twirl the sphere for Oakland
this season. Manager Cal Ewing- be
lieves he has secured a prize and Cap
tain Lohman expresses, himself as be
ing well pleased.
Short.
Third race — Tha Pride.- Jndjre Voor
hie«. El Piloto.
Fourth race — Claude. Proper. Fossil.
Fifth race— Albemarle, Bard Burnt,
AnvlL . j
Sixth xmce — Bill Hassle. Diderot. Ax
minster. - - --....
SCULLER PAPE RETIRES
FROM ALL COMPETITION
Champion -Amateur Leaves Title to
Portlander, Who Will Defend It
This Year.
A. W. Pape, the well-known mem
ber of the Dolphin Boating Club and
the Olympic Athletic Club, who has
been the amateur champion single
sculler of the Pacific Coast for several
years, will probably take part in no
more rowing races. He wrote recent
ly to Gloss, the amateur champion
single-sculler of the Northwest, who
is a member of the Portland Rowing
Club", a letter in which he stated that
he intends to retire from racing.
By the retirement of A. W. Pape,
the Portlander becomes the champion
amateur single-sculler of the Pacific
Coast. He has stated that he Is ready
to defend the title against all comers,
as he does not wish to hold his title of
champion merely .by default. He is
practicing regularly with a view to be
ing in condition to meet any scullers
who may challenge him. He is desir
ous to pull against Fred Ay era of the
Alamefla Boat Club or any oarsman
of Puget Sound. He hopes that Fred
Ayers of Alameda and De Brlssey of
British Columbia will visit Portland
during the coming summer at the time
of the annual regatta of the North
Pacific Association. : ;";• /
There is a good prospect that row
ing will be taken up vigorously at Val
lejo during the coming season. "Pete"
Kaarsberg, formerly a well 'known
baseball and football player of the
University of California, is an electri
cal engineer in the Government yards
at Mare Island and an active member
of the Vallejo Yachting and Boating
Club. He has written to the Boating
Association of the University of Cali
fornia to arrange for a race between
crews representing Vallejo and the
university. Two < paper shells are be
ing built for the Vallejo Boat Club and
it is intended to train the crews care
fully.
The class fours of the university are
practicing regularly at Oakland
Creek, except the freshman crew,
which is working on the rowing ma
chines in the gymnasium. The direc
tor of physical culture of the univer
sity intends to purchase four addi
tional r6wing machines, with which
an eight-oar combination can be
made. Besides the class fours, the
university and the second crews will
be prepared for the race against a
crew representing the University of
Washington that will be held on San
Francisco waters early during the
present year, i
Baseball at Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 5.—Arrange
ments have been made for the Chicago
National * baseball team, • hich will
v.fnter in Los Angeles, to play the
Portland (Ore.) club of the Pacific
Coast League in Bakersfleld on March
17.' The latter will do its early training
in this city. Jack Huston, who um
pired for the Pacific Coast Northwest
League last year, has accepted a posi-.
tion for the coming season with the*
Pacific Coast League.:
Ballet girls who live by their feet
live above their income.
VAMPIRE ELEVEN
MEETS HORNETS
AT IDORA PARK
Occidentals Will Play Albion
Rovers on the Association
Football Field at Alameda
INDEPENDENTS DRAW BYE
Tail-Enders of the California
League Will Struggle AVith
Wearers of Scotch Thistle
Association footballers will appear
on three fields to-morrow to struggle
for the championship of the California
League. On the Presidio athletic
grounds the unbeaten Thistle eleven
will play against the Pickwicks, Henry
Roberts being the- referee. The ball
will be kicked off at 11 a. m. As the
Thistles have never lost a match dur
ing the season, while the Pickwicks
have proved victorious in only one
game, the result hardly admits of any
doubt. The teams will line up in the
following positions:
Thistles. Positions. Pickwick.".
Lowe Goalkeeper Knight
Forrest Leftlack Todd
Tlerney Rlghtback Boutoo
Taylor Left halfback Furbtr
Duncan Center ha'.fback James
McGregor Right halfback. . .McGUllvray
R. Disher Outside left Paterson
T. Disher Inside left Murdock
T. Si Lydon Center forward Cowan
A. Disher Inside right Watter*
J. Smith Outside right Robertson
On the cricket grounds at Webster
street, Alameda, the Albion Rovers
will play the Occidental team, the ball
being kicked off at 2:30 p. m.. and
CC W. Irish being the referee. The
teams will be as follows:
Albion Rovers. Positions. Occidentals.
Ho^ford Goalkeeper Chivera
John Leftback Lloyd
Gillchrest Rightback Mllr.8
Bayne Left halfback Gracie
Mathteson Center halfback Roberts
Lancaster Right halfback Higgins
Bradley Outside left Evans
Duquesne Inside left Condon
Taylor Center forward Holland
Tweedie Inside right Hayes
Goodlet Outside right P. Lydon
At Idora Park, Oakland, the Vam
pire eleven will play the Oakland
Hornets, the ball being kicked off at
2:30 p. m.,' and Arthur Robinson be
ing the referee. Peterson, the captain
of the Vampire team, has removed
from San Francisco, but will be on
hand to take charge of the eleven.
The teams will line up in the follow
ing order:
Oakland Hornets. Positions. Vampires.
C.C. Y.Willlamson Goalkeeper Alrth
Podmore Lef tback Petersea
Morrison Rightbaek Theberge
Younsr Left halfback Glarnt r
Chambers Center halfback Martin
McKay ,.». . .Right halfback. . . . .HarwocU
Holland Outside left Lee*
Kubanks Inside left Kay
McArthur Center forward Wilding
MeKenzle Inside right Showell
Shand Outside right Buch'.y
The Vampires stand at the head of
the California Association Football
League, but as they lead the Thistles
by only one point and have played
two more matches than the Scotch
team, there is little doubt that the
Thistles will gain the top place when
they have played all their matches.
The Thistles and Vampires will almost
certainly win their games to-morrow,
so that the relative positions of the
two teams will remain unchanged.
The- Independents draw the bye to
morrow and so have no chance of in
creasing their score. The positions of
the teams are shown in the following
table:
CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION FOOTBAU*
LEAGUE, 1903-04.
Matches. Goals. |-
CLUBS._ || I I I JjT ;
2! 27 sl 16
misties 8 7 0| 1 31 3; 13
Independents 9 6 2{ 1 2S R 13
Albion Rovera & 3 5 ill 15' 7
Occidentals 11 O 6 5l 11 4l! 5
Oakland Hornets 8 1 S 2i 9 l«! 4
Pickwicks t>[ 1 6| 2; 12; 41 j 4
The following players have regis
tered with the Pacific Association dur
ing the past week and are eligible to
play in the matches of the California
League: William Duncannon of the In
dependent Club, C. Wickham of the
Occidentals and Nat L. Jehu of the
Oakland Hornets.
COLLEGE MEN WILL MEET
SOLDIERS ON DIAMOND
Overall, the Noted Berkeley Athlete,
Will Probably Pitch Against Boys
In Blue To-Dajr.
The champion Presidio ball team
will line up against a picked nine of
the alumni players from Stanford and
from the University of California at
the Presidio grounds this afternoon
2:30 o'clock and the meeting should
prove to be one of the best amateur
ball games of the year. Overall, the
noted Berkeley twirler, will probably
pitch for the college men. Should he
be unable to appear Parker of Stan
ford will do the box work- Forsyth is
carded to shoot the curves for the sol
diers. Following is the line up:
Presidio. Position*. Stanforfl
Conrad Catcher Smith
Forsythe Pitcher Overall or Parker
Hallihan First base J»>alon
Douglass Second base Elston
Fair Third base Webber
Raymond Shortstop Jansina?
Lamb . ; - Left field Morse
Cameron -Center fleld Haialln
Oswald Right fleld Hoa*
Fighters* Are Ready.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— Reports from
the training camps of Al Xelll and the
"Dixie Kid," who are matched for a
fifteen-round go before the Sequoia
Club here on next Tuesday night, are
to the effect that both men are in su
perb condition. Xeill is doing his work
at the Hayes Valley Club in San Fran
cisco while the "kid" Is training at
Link Dennis* resort In West Oakland.
Both men, it is stated, have forfeits
up to insure their fighting at the time
mentioned.
Arrange for Field Day.
OAKLAND, Feb. 5.— It has been de
cided by the delegates of the Academic
Athletic League to hold the coming
field trials in the latter part of ApriL
An earlier date was deemed Impract
icable. • - -
RIVAL BOXERS
EACH SEEK THE
STAGE CENTER
Young Corbett and Britt
Strive to Be in the Ef
fulgent Glow of the Calcium
EASTERNER IN THE LEAD
With Stacks of Gold Wrested
From Bookmakers He Plays
Part of Prince Fortunatiii
While Young Corbett and Jimmy
Britfare no longer prospective ring op
ponents, the rivalry between these
Beau Brummels of the ring shows no
signs of abating. - It crops out in odd
ways and places and is keeping the
sporting men agape to see what turn
it may take.
Young Corbett seems to be showing
the way. He is" rolling in wealth again,
wealth won # in six-round bout3 with tha
bookmakers, and from long practice
the role of Prince Fortunatus comes
naturally to him. He had his first
chance to outshine Jimmy on Thurs
day.
A subscription list Is being passed
around for Joe Mone. an invalid well
known about the sporting resorts. In
due time the list reached the Cali
fornian and he promptly put his name
down for ?20.
The bearer of the list, knowing
human nature, lost no time in hunting
up "Sjoung Corbett- The champion
glanced over the list carelessly, but
when his gaze fell on the Spencerian
signature of Britt, it took him but an
instant to affix his signature, that sig
nature which looks so good when it
appears at the bottom of a set of ar
ticles for a flght. The amount set op
posite the name was $23 and the cham
pion said something about "That'll
hold him for a time."
Britt was about town yesterday of
fering a premium for a box at a
local theater for Monday night. It
seems Corbett outgeneraled him here
again, as the latter has one of the
stage boxes engaged and will be on
hand with a party of guests to wel
come his frienda from Broadway. If
any one from the queen of beauty to
the humblest chorus girl, if there are
any humble ones, does not know Wil
lie, it is not his fault.
Corbett is credit-d with: having ad
ded JCOOO to his bankroll at the track
yesterday. As he has money in plenty,
an automobile and a prizefight on his
hands, Britt is unable to see how he
can take the center of the stage from
the little gladiator, but he intends to
keep on trying even if he gets a fight
on his hands.
SALVADOREAN BONDS
READY FOR DELIVERY
Attorney FP*?enbamn Corrects an
Error Regarding Consul E. Mejia
and Others.
"SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Feb. 3. 1304.
"Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
In yesterday's issue of your paper a
special dispatch from Washington ap
pears, under date of February 3. in
which a statement is made in refer
ence to the fact that Colonel John P.
Irish has found it necessary to enlist
the aid and support of the Government
of the United States in behalf of cer
tain of his clients against the 'recal
citrant Salvadorean Government.' The
case referred to 13 known as the El
Triunfo award against Salvador.
"A further statement is made that
the Government of Salvador has failed
to live up to its agreement in this mat
ter.
"On behalf of the Government of Sal
vador and of his Excellency E." Mejia,
Consul General for that Government
in thi3 city, I desire to request you' to
kindly correct the statements made in
the article referred to.
"According to the terms of the com
promise between Colonel Irish's clients
and the Government of Salvador, the
bonds were to. have been delivered to
the Union National Bank of Oakland
on behalf of the various claimants
against the Government.
"These bonds have been In the pos
session of Mr. Mejia and of the con
sulate since the 11th day of January.
1904, on which day Mr. Mejia wrote to
the Union National Bank, requesting
that a representative of the bank call
at the consulate to receive and receipt
for the bonds.
"This they have failed to do, and we
still hold these bonds ready to deliver
them whenever the legal representa
tive of the bank is prepared to- give a
proper receipt for them.
"A statement is also made in this
article that the claim and award
against Salvador 'grew out of the rob
bing of certain American citizens in
that country some years ago.'
"I respectfully refer you to the 'Re
port of the Salvadorean Arbitrator, Dr.
Pacas. to the Secretary of Foreign Re
lations of the Republic of El Salvador.*
which report has been filed with tha
State Department at Washington and
a copy of which is at the disposal ot
your paper should you desire^ to in
vestigate further and correct and rec
tify the false impression that must nec
essarily have been created by this
statement.
"Thanking you In advance for giving
this letter as much prominence as you
have given to the special dispatch here
in referred to. I remain yours very
truly, SANFORD FEIGENBAUM,
"Attorney for the Government of Sal
vador and for his Excellency E.
Mejla. its Consul General at Saa
Francisco."
OTTAWA, Ont. Feb. 8. — At Bucktaxhaa
to-day thirty buildings In tha center ot tha
town burned. Less, 312O.CCO.
FREE ! FREE !
TO WAST ADVERTISEBS
A BEACTIFUL SOUVENIR
OF SAN" FRAXCISCO. 3DE-
V TROPOLJS OF THE
WINTERJLESS
IiAN'D.
Free to AVant Advertisers
IX
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In an envelope ready for mail*
in~.
1112
A SOUVENIR OF 5AM FRANCISCO, METROPOLIS CT THE
com: a. SPBrCEEi-s. VxoyirUtdt^p
♦ IfifiES COSMIiaUEB tt JDHI KSADGHT, EmtET
\V. J. MARTIN B-jsinoss Manager
TELUI'HONK.
Afk ror TIIR CALL. Tlie Operatrr Will Cnn-
r.«-ct You Wf.h the l>T«nnifrt You Wish.
PubUcnUon OfSe* Market and Third. P. F.
j:d:torial : Room "JI7 to Z21 fteven«>n »=t
JVllvrred by <:arri"!.«. 2t» C'.?. Per Week. 75
Cts I'er Month. i-ins> copies S Cenis.
Trrms by Mail, Iricluuiutr Postagv vCafh Wuh
Ordfij: . „„
HA7I.Y CALL finclui. Sunday). 1 yar. .S* C'>
l^AII.V CXXA, iiiulud. Sunday). « rno? . . 4 .<•<»
1>AIL»- IV4LL— Hy Slnc!e Month W
PI'KDAV CALL. 1 Year -B?
WEEKLY CALX,. I Year • °°
Korj-irv fnaily..$8-iO Per Vear Extra
POKTAGr 1 St.nday. 4.1.'. Per Ve*T Kxtra
1 C't I MA. vv>fkly . i.oo !Vr Yoar Extra
AIX POSTMASTEnS ,ARK AJ^S? 1113^^-
° TU RBCEtVB SCBSCBIPTIOiCa.
-' Sarrr'.o CcDies will be rorwanifd «n<n re-
(jutstcd.
Mail *ul sTiben. in crderinc change of sfl-
«3;rss *'>ould ba partlrular to Rive i>ctn >t»
AND OLD AIH>Ri^S In order to MM* a
prompt and correct ccn-.pliance w.th tneir re-
<ju<su
OAKLAND OFFICE.
II1S Broadway Tflerhor.e Main 10?^
BERKELEY OFFICE.
;i4S Center Etrwt Telephone North ..
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT. _
PAMVEL W. WALL Hotel Barten
NFW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aftoria Hotel: A. Bretano. 31
Vmcn t-'auare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fiftti-ave-
eue Hotel end Hoffman Hous*.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Pherrr.an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern JU>tei: Tremont Houst; Auditorium
Hotel; Pa'.nser Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNE. c S..Marqu«>tte Building
«Lcr.g !):Manc: Tt-lei>hone, •'Central -t<19.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. tMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOKK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BLEINEE8 OFFICE cf th» Pan Francisco
• •all. corner Msrket and Tl-.ird etreets; cptn
until 12 o'ol" ck every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10"S Market »-ireet. opposite Fifth: '->en until
11 i'. n:.
fr7 MotxKxuiueiJ ftreet, corner Clay: open un-
til ««:3f> n. m.
fCO Ha>vs f.reet: ppen until 0:"ft p- n».
« :',■' ilcAUlmur ?tr<-et; oren until 9:.'J0 p. m.
I *~',T> Lurkin ttr*et: oi>en until 9:30 p. m.
1v»4 1 M:s«j<- n street; oi>^n until 10 p. m.
22»:i Market K.-wt, ccrner Sixfenth; open un-
ii! '.» r>. m.
10* Eleventh street: open until !) p. m.
:oo«; Va'on^ia street: up'-n unt';'. ft p. m.
NiTthfaM comer Church and Duncan e'.reets:
■ pen until 1» p. m.
Nor!h»>.«t u»im «>f T»renty sjtconfl an«i Ken-
tttefcy ot*n until 9 p. m.
r?f" FiKrn^r*- c:r»»et: o^n until 9 P. m.
MEETTKC NOTICES.
BAN PBAJfCISCO Chapter No. 1. Rual «
An-ii M««'>'if. mo^t« THIS •SATl'R-'^y
1'AV) AFTEHNOON st 2:3f> o'clock. /V\
nl*.. THIS iSATIRDAY) EVENING
Kt 7 :"(> o'clock. II. M. Degree
EL O. PRINCE. Secretary.
. CALIFORNIA I>ndge No. 1. F. and A. Q
M. - Tlie oifirrrs ani members rf the'Vy
abcre nsnif.] lndpo are hereby notified /\f\
to «ttrn<l the tunerai of cur late
brother, JOHN ETEVENSON. j n King Po!o-
rii.ni'f Hal!. Mascnir Terrsple. THIS D\Y
• SATl'RPAY). r<-»jrunry 0. at 2 o'clock p. m.
Mmrter Mason? and frir-n<is of the deceased
■re invited. Rv of the Master.
FRANKLIN EL DAY. Secretary-
GCtLDEK GATE Lodge No. :jrt. F. and «
A. M. — *'«ll*><1 meet THIS .SATfR- **Af
PAT) EVKX1XG Et 7 oVlofk. First A^
fi^p.r-.-. p v crA+r of The W. M.
EDWIN L. WETEK. P?cretary.
EXCELKIOR Lodcre Xo. IW1, F. an.l A. a
M.- -Off.rrrs atid meml5er« are r»f=pert-
fully nr-qu<strd jo eypcpihle at lh<" /WS
T«-mplr> SATTRDAY. February 6. at '
:'.i<) p. m.. to .■•■••■■: the funeral eorvice of
.our la-.»> brother. GEORGE McLEOD. Bv or-
aer of the w. m.
K. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1«». F. ani A. M. w
- — «^a!l«-«l m«-ctinK THIS <SATVRI> \Y)"V» >
KVKMXfi. at 7 :."!<l o'clock. I'ir^t »le- /V\
cn-r. n. F.. AI.1.AS, Secretary.
«>iLI»nx (JATE IxxJee No 2(U T.
O. O. F. — MomlKTf. assrmhle at--<3^^^fe
<■■•-■■■-•■) nn Pl'NDAY^^i^SSb*
MORVix,;, Ff^hruarj' 7. at 9
»>>lo<-k sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brothrr, E. FRANK
. F. LTTLEY. N. G.
OFnCEUfi and rRetnbors of the ><T7?7>v
S(-andin»visn Society; y<ni /GfQ-ril/sS.
■r* r^qiiffied to ■»wiiiT»1> at /r^^^^cA
the undertaUirg firnlor of [§1^3^ Y§L«f\
, Hslsted <\... <i*h Misdoa :-'t., \*\l&iif&&4-<\
SI XI. AY. I ... m.. to «t-\S^&y
t'nd tVr funeral of dot 1st* y &*&i3?fX7
ETnOM ** 1C £r mr ' n ' ; - N^g^
. I(AS . iM..\MBE«'K. rresitlent.
f- A RL HA<JSTR<»M, Secretary.
THE arr.ual inreting of the Stockholders of
-Z, x Ier T a tJ Ra!lwajr Company of California
v- 1^ at th * ° rfiTO 8 °f the company.
Sf-l 289 S?**** City «.nd County
Mnv'rT. -^ r !r : r? -, St " te of California, on
MONDAY, the Mh day of February 13t*4 st
the bcur cf 11 o'clock a m.. for the purrose
cf electing <Iirectcrs for the ensuing vear
«aa the tranraction of such other business as
rr.s>' '■citif before eaJd meeting. Dated at
tan 1-rancisco. Cal.. January 23 1304 a
FRESHMAN Secretary. !.-W>. ■'.-*"
"*^^' "'■' T t'h iIf 7 ti: l l F;7 > ' "w^ annual meet-
ratir.n , omi,anv_ ni ii tv - IieM at tn ." offlro of
t^e oomrany. :C7 M?.rk«>t «t.. San Franri«c<>
< «!.. « THLROTAY. th, lUh day VfT S
■rj-. WI4. M the hour of 2 r.Ylork P m for
he jmrt'.™ of Mating a hn ar .i ofdirectors
?-. err\e frr jh" "vnaiivg year and tho tran<=-
OKOK<;K a. DOL'GLASS. Seoreuirr.
: Aceyrs ivahteix "
WAVTHD-Agentt- and rerre £ e r taf7v^"^re 0^
••Wwii for a 'zrge finencial InstituUoiv
huiiding ar>d lean nn-1 in«uran.-e men can
essUy make from S-oo to $300 per month
« all or Tirit- Secretary, room 713 Mar-
kft ft.. Fsn Francieco.
LADY agents wanted to take orders for our-
!i.*rr:-«rraa» *fik *ai»t»: pleasant and proflt-
Bole tmr.Ioyment. Call l~t. •.•::{-» Hn d 5 o
_ m . V/. PTYAX & CO.. MO Taylor "t
MEN and women for <lty and country awal-
v.f^kiy ta.ary. *xp.::m.j "r rom mission: ffady
_jW-y»^t. i--S McAlllrtn s r.. after 3 p T.n.
ADTOBTISEMEirT^wklTES'o]
HAVIXa recently scquircj "thro-j g h"eVchan«
\ «m ii t£H!!?W3L in the Unitf "l States
I will Fell them at 25 per i«n ("«mnni S
c**h: the collie t.acbe,
Jr.ff.by con-fpendenoe ani a«ists its Jrad-
r-.shrd on arr..ir-atl>jn. Ad«ir»gs bcx H026. Call.
__AJTTOUXEVf_AT-LA\V.
t?! H. BITTNFJI "
ATTORN'ET AND COUNSELOH AT r aw
Advice free. Phone South 743 l * AW -
Suite T£i. Emma Spreckela bjildi'njr
I>ivojx^s Quietly and legally obtained 'or
«-=rbt causes: dan-.agei, secured for Injuries'to
person cr e«ate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and carn'gh
nentt for detts: bonds furniehed: bankruDtov
\ro^eiir.f,f: t»i!ls probated; f*tate* n-ttl«d-
co;:fct:or> made In ell parts cf the V. S. '
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for & small fee "
fee ir.e an<l wmvm sa:>ney: n» pay ir» advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORXEY-AT-LAW
FUsblithed 1*2 yrr.; rms. I. 2. 3.U-5 1st fl
3122 i't:ket ft.. b?t»een Mason and Taylor"
Advice free all mstterr. Detectives employed'.
P.. W. KING. A»torr.e>-st-Law. Exam, bldg
(En fleer, er.tratife room «ll; established 20
j*fS«; all rase*; genera! court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
»»cnlrig* by appointment. Tel. Red :s0€l.
ADVICE free — 1 w!II advance cost in meritorU
out, casn-: divorces, probate and all other law
< .■ ■'.-: ao Cccs Jn advance: open evej-y even-
Ing. J. M. THLRSTOX. SI» Market 5t.. r. 31.
~ADvTciTFRiEr
rolumbfan Law and CcJIecTJon Agencr.
Room K.*>. 3!6 Market rt. ; tel. John C22C.
DIVORCE — Cc«te. $12: quick, quiet; advice
*j['«; ojjen rveninss. 027 Market st.. r. S01.
1.. S. CLARK. T27 Market st-; consultation
fr?e: no [*es In advance; open evenings.
pinps. '^cs^etc." ~~
fcVllinz out Ri.llrr Canary Birds. ms.!e» anVfeX
i'ial»»: «:ol.lfiti.ii Canary mulrs. ;!1CS IGth St.
lld\!:lil\<; KO It~ CHILD It K X.
j:EKIN(-:ii Amrric.-n family In Dcrk'ley r.ill
Ukr a chiM t« »«>ar<l; c^&r schwl. Address
niSIXE««i CIL1XCES.
A— *W(O: CORKER saloon, with lenso: lp.rjre
cllar; card anil private- rooms; kent l>y
ovinf-ts for years; iul!e«t investication t«.-
iicited. .See H. C. WILKE, W 1 ; Krainy wt.
A— $5f;C*: GRILL room and cafe; '"the leading
eEtaltiiFlrmeni in fiaUIand: clos>- to theaters;
r«=nt *7O and a first-rlass pajlng Jiusiiit-ss;
other lnvfftments only caufi of sal". see
R. G. WILKE. 'M'.i Kearny St.
A— $12W>; PARTXER wanted in toffee saloon
and rpslanr«i!K. few doors from Market
a well-uayir.8 buslneps tleaiinj,' about $:!C<t
per month, only roason for owarr to takt* ■*
lartm r are tho long hours for him: he nt'nls
a eood BBrt*tant- «'all It. G. WILKE. 2t;<i
Kt-arny st.
A— ?12<:0: BAKJ£RY.*JeistabL ytars and kej.t by
present owner 17 rears; bakes 4'-_. barrels
l*r day: dally sales s<r>: tiring tl.<m\s. Call
K. G. WILKE, H»;»i K«:arny st.
A— S."o</0 — The lea-Jins restaurant of this city:
i«-m (ISO; surrounded by .'; thaters; private
boxes lot- lfcdWs; a flrst-< las-s . t>a>il>£ place.
Jt. «. WILKK. 2C»4 Kearny Bt.
| A^ISSQ — DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton ft*.;
Ian?? stock: ciears at Icayt f2.Vt «r month.
fuH value in si=ht: a tpk-nji.l offer, Se« IC
O. WILKK. 2>;>i Kearny s:. _
A— $r>i!<<— KRAXCII bakery and candy store.
with living-rooms; d.:ily rrc-cipts about $10;
pfaotcest location la the Mission. See R. G
WILKK. I'li'i Krainy St. '
A— $2"<"-<): SALOON, with lea??, estab. years;
vicinity Fcurth ut. Ma:!;et and Stockton;
place st>cais tor I;self; sll particulars. R. G.
WILKK. 1-6'm Kearny s-t.
A— SSSC'O: CORNER saloon in wholesale Ui^-
trict: 7 years' l<>aee: estabL 30 year*: clears
about $400 ptr month. R. G. WILKE, 2<i!a
Kearny st. ■
A J3250; SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; oatronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on nick bed, otherwl?e $70W
would not buy tlie business: lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKE. 20'-, -learny st.
A— $U>00; GROCERY and bar. with IC fur-
nished room?; 5 years' leas 3 : rent $<35; a
business* v.!:cre man and wife easily < an
••l«ar S-'ICH* per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with ?M rooms, 4."> beds; bar,
dining and reatling rooms; lease for .'! years;
lotnted 15 rniUs from this city: place cieais
f3<:0 Der month. See R. G. WILKE, 2'J^a
Kearny st. *
A. CAMERON A CO phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., ccr. Market and I'owell.
Headquarttrs for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster nri chon houses..., $?,r.ft to ?1O"O
Candy ai'd icecream parlors $?'"• to ?2">"!>
Parber icboiM Jr.OO to $2500
t'isar stands $."C0 to yiOd')
Groceries and Lars *.".ik» t-> *.'0i n 0
Saloons *.'5(x> to $10,000
Rt staurants J330 to ?2<y<O
Pralt and vozetaWe stores $::ot» to ?1ikm>
Drugstores to $GO0O
Delirattssen stores ". .?25t> to .5I5«>'>
FOR sale or trad' — Ouartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays -<t<> to $70 ton; tradu
for r'mg hous - or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Welt-located candy »;iirc; all equip-
ped for making own candle*; established 8
years; clearing; over $200 per month; will in-
voice abnut $121)0. CAMERON, 'i Kddy st.
FOR Fale — One of the b-st restaurants in city:
eheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
]>ear Investigation: price ?1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy ft.
F. A. BROOKBAXK. Phone Kolsom l^HG.
BUSINESS AGENT.
P17 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A — (100; CIGAR rtar.d, transfer corner: good
Ftock and fixture*; rent $S. Only with
PROOKBAXK.
A— $S50; CIGAR stand; Market Ft., near Call
bldg; daily receipts $25; leafy. P.rookbank.
A— |J00; BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions.
can-Jles, cigars, tobaccos: receipts $12 flail> p ;
<> furn. li-.ing rms.: rent $20. EROOKBAXK.
A — $-XV>; PARTXER in Well established "oTflce
bu^inesF; n'j '-xperience requ!re<3: this is a
flne chance for party who is sjitisfiV.l with
HOP month; Investigate. Se<> BROOKBANK.
A— BRANCH bakery, candles, notion*, etc:: 3
furn. living rrr.s. ; make. offer. BROOKBANK.
A — $325; CIGAR stand: near Market; best lo-
cat'on: larpe stock; laundry pavs rent. S<_e
KROOKRANK.
A— $700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnlMied: Al lo-
cation: rent $4(.': part cash, balance time.
Pee TnooKnANK, SI7 Market st.
TOO CAN DOUBLE $in.nr«> in 00 DAYS.
AN Eastern bookmaker exrrf=rienced in all
details ot the business, but with too small a
capital to oj^rate successfully on the race
track, desires to meet a gentleman with
above amount of cash: can take an active
>>art as cashier cr remain silent in the
business and a statement will he rendered
after each day's busines*'. February and
March twins the best season for bookmnk'ng
, on the San Francisco race track. I cs>n as-
sure sn investor that from $20.C(»<t to S'iO.l'OO
can l-c cleared : In tile next 80 days. ("Jn!y
those who mean business and have the ready I
cash neej answer, a« do rot wish to waste
time only with these meaning business;
hiprhep* reference as to responsibility and
integrity furnished. Pox r.'JM. Call office. -
Ol'R new '•Duplex-Scale System" won over 2<*>
per cent in the pnr=t 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs ar.d references ask any subscriber
on our list, nr .-all and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; rorr'-fissions handled <>n this system for
25 per <-eiu ,,f the net weekly profits. Terms
T>r our H.-uidlvpp *0v<>t!>, $2 per 'lay or $10
per week. S. s. HAND, cr.rwrt handlcapper,
rooms 1. 2 and ?.. 113 Stockton M.. i?. F.
A— 2 PKR CENT MONTHLY.
on investments of $lr<> and upward: no "Ret-
ri. h «iuick" swindle, turf speculation or emiii-
hlins » -hrine. but a r^nutabln. established
businrss enterprise in San Francisco: cl^ar^d
(67,000 last year o»i $ino.ont) capital; stock
Increased $20.i>fx> to enlarge fibril: call or
writ- 1 tor irmiculars.
■tGERMAKIA INVF^T. CO.. 827 Market ?t.
BOUSE and sign painting ar.d napertianglnji
business, with tools or every kind: established
over :!i> yars; rent of shop $.1 j'cr month;
si-* t»ie owner at 1213 Market St. C. J.
BARRON.
BUTCHER shop; established burinr?*; all
the fixtures. hcr«es and carts, etc.: pood
trade; best stand in the Mission: will gell
reasonable en account of private reasons.
Address for particulars, box f<90. Call.
FOR sale — Largest tailoring establishment in
Eureka: ccmplete stock, all new goods; store
fixtures and workshlp, implements; well es-
tablished business; be?t location. Address J.
T. ENGLISH. 318 F St., Eureka. Cal.
$175— WANTED active young man for plain
work; eld est. firm: $75 month; steady place;
no experience necessary. Now York Business
Exchange. Xi Mason st.. near Market.
1 FOR PALE — Feed snd potato business in the
thriving city of Napa; on main street;
. owner i*ust ro Ea?t at once. Address P. O.
box 204, Napa.
■ AN enercetlc young man with capital, and
business experience desires to acquire? an in-
terest in some mercantile or manufacturing
business. Box 3"S6, Call offlce.
FOR SAL13 — Restaurant with bar attached. In
Alameda County." in a good, lively town;
has a fine trade; established about 4 years.
Box S73. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale In leading hotel of
Fmall Interior city of California; good trade:
hotel trade alone pays well. Address box
605. Call oflce.
WANTED — By. a man with experience .to go
in with a hustling real estate firm. Address
bcx 051. Call.
AN rlder'.y gentleman (German) with a few
hundred dollars to invest; would like light
work. Address R. HT.'BER. :;0U0 25th Et.
PAYING candy ar.d icecream parlor and
bakery at Lorin station. South Berkeley.
MRS. ALTBAYER. ..i" v;
$1SOO — FOR rale, fully rqulpped baker}', deli-
catessen cotr.bired; daily receipts $2S; choice
location: low rent. 715 McAllister st.
BOOK, notion and stationery store on a prin-
cipal Btr«-t pear Market: 4 living rooms
attached: rent low. Box !M2. Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sals; newly fur-
nished: lease; low rent; location good. Box
U3O. Call office.
FOR SALE— Bnteher shop and e!l appliances
on business street In good locality; buyers
only. Box 9*J5. Call office.
FOR SALE— X6S0: restaurant, seating capao-
Hy 66; good locality for trade: 15c meal*;
rent low; 4 living rooms. Box S51. Call.
STATIONERY and cigar store near Market
Kt.. on a bublness street: established 10
years. Inquire box 7S2. Call offlce.
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderir:k St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
WANTED — An established restaurant In a
small city; give particulars. Box 852, Call.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant to rent: furnished;
running; 37 Fifth st. Apply 829 Mission.
FOR rale — Complete dyeing and- cleaning
works; good location. Box 52C, Call offlce.
CIGAR etand for cale on Montgomery sti:
location Al. Box 51S. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Restaurant In Berkeley: good lo-
cation. Address box 024. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Cigar stand; good burners lo
cation; south of Market st Eox SJtJ, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 1904.
ri(«I\E«S CJl \!YCES — rnntlnnr>l.
! KIXK grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long leas<r. low rent. $2500, part cash; corner
salcon, on water front. $1100, paying brewery
business. $2500. cr will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
• houses s for sale and axchange. EITEL . A
! CARROLL. 212 Kearny Bt.
; $1C5O; Investigate: well stocKed, good paying
cor. bazaar; musl be so!d. 1C00 Devisadero.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for -he reception
j of advertisements and subscriptions has been
' f.pened at 1(!C8 Market «., opposite Fifth.
<~irvn until 11 p. m __^___
LODGING-HOUSES FOIt SALE.
j AfTCAMERON \& CO., ' Phone South- 1050.
I 3 KOiiy Kt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters sor rooming-houses, hotels and
aM kinds of business chances. ,
; | 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
i house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year ccntracts
I for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
I ing ?4t0 to $t'UO per month; obliged to leave
, I city.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years lease; clears 5100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent: fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear ?150 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
5 rooms: Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $2C0. |
24 rooms; rent only $13«; first-class condi-
ticn; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; uira fine carpets; clears 570; price
?1SOO; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
| 20 rooms: tent $85; '.ease; newly renovated
' and furnished; can ■ get 1(J more rooms; good
thing; $1500.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rcoms: runt $S5; well furnished; all new;
$60«.' down, balance 1>4 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $15; price $550.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2S0O.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; at bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; fart offices; elegant new bulidins
and furniture; high class location; beautiful
halls; uverytliirg modern; first-class grjll In
ccnnectlon; best proposition in city; called
East.
1.'! rcoms: rent 523; some housekeeping: clears
$.*0; barn, with flir£ yard; half cash, balance
time.
KG-room family hotel; bon ton location; flno
lease; clearing S.10O to $000 ter month; always
lull; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
S-room upper fl>t; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750. '
12C rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $:S0 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; car-
pots; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price ?S0O.
2."» rcoms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $S0
month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building,
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing S000 per month; every room full; will stand
the strictest investigation; location unsur-
passed.
10 rocms: rent only $IC0; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
21 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine bods; furnished new in June; first-class
transient; clears #175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture, Axir.lnster carpets; beautiful flat.
"0 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpsts; good lease; clearing $L5
per month; part cash, balance time.
FOR S\LE — Lodging-house. S2 rooms; all full;
'.furniture in good condition; will sell rea-
sonable, as 1 am compelled to leave. Ad-
dress box f>72, Call office.
5700— A NEWLY furnished flat of 10 rooms
and bath; full of roomers; rent $55; central;
privilege of buying 7 rooms adjoining. 816B
! Larkln si., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Cf ROOMS. 2 blocks from Market; rent $2r>:
ir.crrr.e $40- price $1SO; sold on account of
I sickness: owner lives nt -TJK Sixth st.
LO1>G!NO-HOUSE on 1'ost Ft.: nicely located;
GO rooms; lease; all modern Improvements.
Address box 840, Call office. '
CORNER house. 5'i rooms; always full; rent
$215 per month; Income $475 per month;
T.ill s»ll for ?4.VM>. Box 577. Call office.
LODCiING-HOUSE on Kearny/ St.. close to
Market. Box 56S. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tlie Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
MltS. 1>H. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er nnd business medium: mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business, proposi-
tions to be successful. Sly wonderful magnet
will brine reconciliation and lasting peaco
with tb» one you love; readings by mail
most satisfactory, ?2; readings daily, $1;
developing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 602
Eddy s^
KATIE HKCP.SMANX'S circle Friday eve.,
2.V; fit. daily. 1O0O Harrison; tel. Mint U97.
EDWARD EARLE. 1O.'»2 Ellis, readings daily,
O::to to 4; peances Sunday and Thursday.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night. 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve., 2T>c; read, daily. -.14 6th, r. 8.
MRS. KOTTER — Circle every night, 10c; devel-
oping -circle Mon. eve.; sU. dally. 43 Sixth.
PROF. FREU EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
■late- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A BIG RE/ DING FOR A SMALL FEE.
$1. $1. $1. $1— THIS WEEK-p$L $L $L $L
PAUL. DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
T'-e future ran be told — r — •
FREE HltEE J.FREE
If not correct.
He will tell your name, occupation and what
you want to know.
Or charge you not one penny.
This is honest, is It not?
He will tell all about your business, family
and love affairs, whom and when you will
marry; how to restore health and lost vital-
ity; how to be successful; he Insures you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday 2 to 6. ,
:?26 O'Farrell 6t. — —326.
MME. M BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; the reads your life correctly. jjlve3 an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
,- suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In ail
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction suaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
fct., cor. Tyrk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac,
tory as In person; 3 questions answered $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; »end postofflce,
Welis-Fargo money crder or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: just returned from long ab-
sence. 408 Geary st., near Mason, room 1. )
MRS. A. H. KRONENB&RG. palmist, clalr-
voyant. card reader;. when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer. life, reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life: special. '$1 this week only. 40O Geary.
MME. HARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittincs 1 daily; 10 to
12 a. nt., 1 to 7 p. m.: 23t»up. ,3S McAllister.
A — Mme, Ravenni reads Ufa. business advice;
names given; 2."k; Uji. j 4th St., near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20 1 * Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 017 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts. Htfura 11-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 tith to 23 14 (ith: la. 25c.. g. 50c.
• MISS ZEMDAR. younc gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; I. too, g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av*
1IKK. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. SHAFHR. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. llS^i Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
!|ASOUKNIROFSANFRANaSCO|!
I MCTR0P0U5 OF THM, WINTERLESS LAND |
ll To . Wanb Advertisers' Next Sunday , . . I
& : ' ' ' y
I ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A POSITION? |
|| DO YOU WANT HELP? |
|| The Caff Wiff Hefp You Find What You Want ||
3 Tell your wants In the next Sunday Call and >yon will be speaking W
Q direct to over 85,000 regular subscribers to that popular and valuable £>
« advertising medium. It is safe to figure on an average of three readers g
£ to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really, talking to 255,000 per- «
g sons, most of whom are home people and consequently a well-to-do and «
£ 11 desirable class or our community to consider in locating your wants and jS
« advertising your wares. -i'?: y
S TO EVERY WANT ADVERTISER — The Call, ever on the alert to ofTer ig
g 1 Its patrons a valuable and Instructive premium, has had prepared especially X
§ • for its want ad: patrons next Sunday a beautiful souvenir of San Fran- <S
c-lsco and environments, consisting of the following illuminated halftones p
asliown on a very fine quality of book paper and neatly bound: CUFF ' g
HOUSE AND BEACH. SEAL ROCKS NEAR CUFF HOUSE, SEALS ON" 9
£ SEAIi ROCKS, PARAPET AT SUTRO HEIGHTS. SUTRO BATHS, EX-^ Jxf
£? TERIOR AND INTERIOR VIEWS: THE GOLDEN GATE, FORT POINT • £
S LOOKING ACROSS THE GOLDEN GATE, THE UNION FERRY DEPOT. X
X ALCATRAZ ISLAND, MARKET STREET EAST FROM SPRECKELS A
$ CAFE. THE HALL OF JUSTICE FROM PORTSMOUTH SQUARE, A O
<> GENERAL VIEW OF THE CITY FROM HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE, &
j> v, MARKET STREET LOOKING WEST, MAIUvET STREET WEST O
Q FROM SPRECKELS CAFE. CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND, GOLDEN g
S GATE PARK, AND MARKET STREET LOOKING EAST. r \ §
§ THIS SOUVENIR WILL MAKE A FINE COMPANION TO "GREET- . O
C» INGS FROM CALIFORNIA," ISSUED .AS A WANT AD. PREMIUM LAST #
<3 SUNDAY, and will undoubtedly prove equally as popular a gift to all who V
y are Interested in the Metropolis of the Winterless Land. §
s ' ... , I
§ -— — — - > -^.- - ,-,-- - • - g
0 . ■ ■ • • ■ 8
5; These Premiums will be distributed Thursday, Friday and Saturday at The Call Business »
Office, Third and Market Streets; at Pitts' Bran"ch Office, 1008 Market Street, §
y . and 1118 Broadway, Oakland. S
8 ■ • s
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor/ without removal; price moderate.
B. r. - Comuressed Air Cleaning ' Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
seni* for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, .iS5-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 41).
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.: At cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made ever. J432 Howard ;tel. South 21«J.
ADVANCE Carpet cTcanlng Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3!U. GEO. WAI-COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A: CO., carptt-beatlnc works: prices"
reasonable. 370:; Harrlron rt. : tel.MlssIon 2G:{.
CONKLLM'S SuDfrior^ Carpet-beatlns Works?
S33 Golden Oate ave.: telephone East 2fl.
COLMCTIOB^OPriC^^^
BAD tenants ejected for Si: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION"
CO.. 415 Mor.tcomery. rooms 9-10: tf». <— 08.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY cottage of 5 rooms and bath; gas; large
yard. 1024 Treat ave. :."■■•:
j ■
CTJTBES BPPTX7BE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 120ti Market Bt.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer/
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldff.. Market
and McAllister st*., uses the Bastcrd Obtun-
*ler; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and"
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4. 1st
door, Phelan bid., 806 Alarket, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllng3, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c: crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. ■Pr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
OjtKSSMAKKKS AND SEAMSTIIKSSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife. plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressntaklng & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. " .
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; life scholarship,*:
$50; bookkeeping, -shorthand,- touch- typing,'
.arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with 1 new typewriters
and furniture January I . : ■ Catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE/ 24 POST, S.
P. — Bookkeeping, shorthand. - touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
ar.d jilght sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
School ol\ Singing— Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated: method,"-' Italian: engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller, S61 Geary.
EDIICATIOXAI, Continued.
NlGTi^^A^^^iAY^SC^lO^L^ToT^inen^ind
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade ■ to preparation for the university;
day school of Interest lo all men; business
methods a specialty; personal attention
given; thirty instructors; private coaching;
night law school: instructors from Univer-
sity of California and Stanford University;
industrial classes; men have the advantage
of our extensive engine room; complete
plant, boilers, dynamos, engines, pumps,
etc.; electrical engineering:, assaying; stu-
dents have all other privileges of the asso-
ciation If desired; International certificates
given to students completing the courses and
passing the examinations; young men, strang-
ers coming to the city, directed to good
homes; association employment agency for
all graduates of our school; the beneficial
Influence of a great moral Institution; our
work is indorsed by all the leading business
and professional men of the city; our educa-
tional work accredited by more than 115 uni-
versities and colleges in the United States;
mechanical, freehand drawing: ■ naval archi-
tecture?, stenography, typewriting and other
specialties; advantages over other schools,
tuition less,' instruction superior: we are not
In business to make money, but "to make
men"; especially advantageous to young
men coming from the Interior. Call or write
for descriptive catalogue, the Young Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical
Education. for Men and Boys, H.vJ. McCOY.
Geneial Secretary. San Francisco: Address
all communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH. Educational Director.-
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
arc putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 901-025 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been ono
of the greatest puccesses of tho West; 1S.00O
square feet, 35 rooms. 450 students, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
he a constant Inspiration to you.
NEW jnvenlle department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from G to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind In th« West: send
/ for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for tho university, law and medical colleges;
ref.; President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
8or; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough ■ school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping.' S. F. Business
College, 123B Market st. ' .
ALL English and commercial branches, ' short-
hand, typing, etc.; reduced rates till March
1 ; eve. speed class. $2 month. Western Busi-
ness College.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
•;' St.. S.F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete, equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, .elec.,TOln.,mech..sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev.; est. 1804. Van
, der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING, Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.; Teutonla Hall. Howard st., near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing, taught.
BANJO, mandolin . and guitar thoroughly
v taught; orchestra practice.-, : 41S2 Geary st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON S. 421 Pine St.... Night class.
Continued.
P1ANI?T and experienced teacber: harmony.
etc.; parties attended. W. H. L1PSCOMBE.
313 Leavenworth st.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted
by practical lawyers. 538 Parrott building.
i PRIVATE lessons shorthand. penmanship.
English; day and evening. 802 Van Ness ave.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post st., room 37.
SPANIPH.French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of languages,32OPost:egtab'd 1871 -.ablest profs.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
■ experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY^
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church; phone Tom 366tt.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
• A — ORPIIEUM Employment Orflce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton; tel. Grank 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315. Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese helD; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 10fl7. BRADLEY A CO., 64Q Clay'.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG lady, stenographer und~typewrlt?r".
competent and experienced, highest refer-
ences, desires position In or cut of city \d-
dress box 020. Tall offlce.
YOUNG woman would like position as "lady's
companion or to> care for old lady or child
musical. Telephone Church 1S68.
COMPETENT woman would like situation as
JaRitress or do second work In good fainilv
100S Market St.. box 113. «amiij.
WANTED— Position as working . housekeeper
for single gentlemen or elderly couple \d-
dress box 102«. Call offlce, S. F.
REFINED young lady desires position as sec-
retary or similar. Box »17. Call.
NURSES— A tralner% nurse desires to care for
Invalid child. Box 503. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer with references
.wishes permanent position. Box 9«l. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place In a
small private family; good plain cook; no
washing; wages ?20 and carfare. 545 Minna
St.; no cards.
A COMPETENT German B Irl wishes a posl-
tlon in general housework or cook. 24'JO
REFINED German girl wants position to take
UeTh^foakrand 0 *" " rW T ™'
WOMAN wants situation: city or coyntry
' ro£n™ ; WUI d ° washlD *- "3 ThW*;
L^ D T would llke to *ttend- home offlce of a
first-class ear specialist In return for treat-
ment. Bos S6O. Call offlce.
GOOD stenographer wants position; law ex-
perlence: $40 month. Box 055, Call offlce.
AN experienced nurse wish** position to take
care ol infant. Box 8C1. Call office, ,
EXPKR1E.VCED German nurse wishes tn-
fcagements by the week. 1SCT Flllmore at.
Phor.e Pine 41JMJ.
ADVERTTSEXIt&TS. subscriptlnns receiv^l at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan Ji Church ftS.
WANT adfl. an.l subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at t^ton'a Bazaar. »K:: McAllister st.
A BRANCH offli-e of Tho Call fcr the reception
of advertisements anil subscript i^ns has beer*
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open, until lip. m.
EMPLOYMENT WATTED — MALE.
A RELIABLE man. 'Si years of ase. wlslit-s
pcsitlcn on Rood private placf In country;
understands care o' horses, garden, etc.: can.
milk; strictly temperate; moderate wages ex-
pected: last place ."I years; references. Ad-
dress H. ROBIXSO.W Menlo Park. Cal.
POSITION wanted— Cutter.- a Hrst-olass, strict-
ly up-to-date custom cutter and fitter, practi-
cal tailor; New Ycrk experience; one possess-
ing all the ability to till a good position sat-
Ufa—.orilv: can furnish the bestir references.
A. A. SKLANDEB, Ki South Clinton ave.,
Rochester. X.^iu
l'OSITION as nurse or attendant upon lnvali!
gentleman or boy by strictly temperate man:
willinsr to serve for small wagea. Bjx
9CH, Call office. m
SOBER, reliable man wishes place to do light
chores for room and bo&rd: understand*
housewor!: ar.d horses; can milk; city pre-
ferred. W. II. J-. 615 Larkln at.
A YOUNG man with electrical experience
wants a position with electric housa to fin-
ish trade. C. B.. 02S Masmolla St.. Oakland.
"WANTED — Photographic position as operator
or printer: city or country; will run small
place on shares. Box 0:3. Call office.
YOl'NG man speaking German. French. Eng-
lish and Spanish wants position. Box 9<5*.
Call orflce.
YOUNO man wants position; any Wnd of of-
flce work; good references. Box 378. Call.
GOOD cooper, sober and steady worker, desire*
posi t Ion. Address 38 West Mission st. »
POSITION wanted by young man in machine
shop. Box 960. Call office. ■
IK you are in need of a trustworthy youn$
rran. v.ho understands Insldo and outsld*
work and one who can be relied on as to
honesty, sobriety and highly recommended.
addr—s box »5O. Call.
WANTED — Employment; superintendent of
construction, surveyor: ro anywhere; famil-
iar rca<J«. bridges, dams, ditches, wood.
■t«l <"■ concrete; references best. Box 833.
Call offlre. •
SITJ'ATfON as nurs" and Instructor j>r In-
valid boy: experienced in teaching an com-
mon school branches, also patntinsr: small
•saK'i expected. Address box 867. Call.
A STEADY" younr rnan. 30 years of age. wouli
like position of collector with reputable
house: references. A., room 80, Hotel Den-
ni«. 24 Turk st^
WANTED — By reliable. Industrious man. posi-
tion as gardener, flowers. vegetabl»9 or
fniits: well recommended; best of references.
Address Box 10^7, Call offlce. Oakland.
PLANING mill man wants position: first -c!a«
sticker, matcher and general machine hand;
docs general machine repairs; MvajsJ years'
experience as foreman. Adress bcx S69. Call.
SITUATION deslr-d by middle-aged man and
wife on ranch or private ramtly: late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship: English. Ad-
dress A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. city.
WANTED — By an elderly man. general chor-
lns about a place or assistant laundry man.
Call or address H. J.. Shasta House. S10 3d.
POSITION wanted by a well-educated youns;
Irishman; machinery preferred. Address
box 871. Call offlce^
STRONG young man, livtns with parents,
wishes to l»arn the plumbing trade. I" c
S6U. Call offlce.
YOUNG Frenchman would like a situation a%
cook in private family; best of references
from Paris. B. O.. .""•is Jackson st.
WANTED — A position to work around priv.it*
place; handy with tools; references. Box
838, Call office.
NIGHT or day watchman; city or country:
references from last place; reliable man.
Box 816. Call.
MARRIED young man, business education. d»-
slres employment. Box 3S6B. Call office.
ENGINEER and elactrician desires position,
extensive experience^- M. re. 901 Powell st.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do
housework and help cooking In tfity. II.
HAMA. 9S3»i McAllister st. ; Ut J>11 2339.
RELIABLE Japanese wants situation as school
boy: good cook, also good waiter. A. B.. 9
Central place.
GOOD Japanese- boy wants position at home-
work and waiting. HEXLY KITA, 405 Du-
pont St.; phone Black 1944.
JAPANESE boy wishes to learn photo trade:
speaks good English.. Addrefls 507 Larkln.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<t
subscriptions has been established at lOJt)
Valencia st;
FEATHER REXOVAT1\g!
BY new. healthful process. Cal. St-am F#ather
Co.. 323 Van Xess ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
*^~ ~~ . —
* FIXAXC1AL. .
$100,000 OF Eastern capital to Invest In Cali-
fornia securities, realty, city and country
business enterprises, stocks, bonds, etc. What
have you to sell? Call or write Altadena In-
vestment Syndicate. 70S Market St.. S. F.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed end stock:
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent, 322 Emma Spreckels bidg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and Cats to 1st: aa Imrnsns* l!»tj
service absolutely fre«: take advantage ot
this department; it will sav» you tlci* ma-i
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-238L Oeary
it., on tfca square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and house* ar*
listed tn our renting department: let us glv*
you a lint and help you find onam th« loca-
tion you want. STERLING FTJ RN n U KB
COMPANY. 1039 Market at; services abso-
lutely free.
TOP flat for rent: new. with all latest Im-
provements. "~-22 Twenty-fourth St.; phon»
Capp 448.
TREMONT AVE.. 4 A (near Park) near Ashbury
and Water st*.): 1 rooms and bath: modern;
rent, $19; adults.
NEW. «unny flat. 6 rooms. 1056 No* St.. cor-
ner Elizabeth; convenient to Twenty-fourta
and Castro-st. cars; rent reasonable.
BEAUTIFl'I, upper flat. 3 sunny rooms; sep-
arate entrances. 214 Ashbury st.
CORNER flat, 4 rooms; n-.n«lem Improvements;
furnished or unt's'hed. ir.19 Church, nr 27th.
NEW sunny flat. 7 rooms and bath; 5530 Sac-
ramento st.; rent t:'^>.
RONDEL place. «>ff ICth and Valencia— Flat
of ."» modern rooma; bath, yard; rent $l!».
LOWER flat; 4 rooms: 1325 Washington St..
bet. Jones and I^avenwcrth; rent $*5.
NEW sunny upper flat. T> rcoms an.l bath; rent
reasonable. 41:50 Eighteenth st., near Castn.
$17— SUNNY flat. 4 roonc?. bath, tasem-nt.
130 Kureka St.. near Eighteenth.
40o OCTAVIA. i-=r. Fell— Flat of 5 rooms; bath,
yard and basement.
NEW corner flat: 12 rooms. 2 baths; marine
Uew. Box 7u6. Call.
S-9-11 ROOMS] Just completed: latest ira-
Frovements. Baker St.. corner Kulton.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception*
cf advertisements an<1 smbscrlptiona has been
opensd st 1C0S Market st.. copesita Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m.
FLATS TO LET FUIIMSHED.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms; china-closets; porce-
lain bath: hot and cold water: complete for
housekeeping ; no children; $25. 222 Hayes.
FURNISHED flat. :*. rooms; bath and ga*.
43S» Golden Gat.^ avp.
FOR rent — Handsome furnished flat of 7 rooms,
piano. 2J>Xi Washington st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FlUMSHED.
THE furniture In a 4-room flat for sal-, cheap;
1 rpnt reasonable. Call :o-day. tlf» Dykeman
place, eft Mason *t.. near 6'Farreil.
$35O— 8 ROOMS: new furniture; very cor^- flat-
grand snap. 1300 O'Farrcll.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of six rooms;
compete. Call afternoons. lSu'4 Webster «t.
Fl'ltXITtRB FOU SALE.
A — $10O NO 7 combination coal and g%»
rgnge: used 'J weeks: <3O. 4ai Valencia st.
Ftnx HIRE WASTED^
HIGHEST rrlcesyfor furnlturs and rrfdse. U If.
BURD, auctioneer. 131S Mkt.; tel. Howard 2IM
g
iWINTERLESS LAND, TO WANT ADVERTISERS NEXT SUNDAY
HELP Tl-AXTEI>— F*EMALE-
F3\~E cock*. «rta and without washing. $"G-*."S3
Maid aad aeainitrpss $^0
Fir e secoad girts $20-r^3
lafaat nurse $23
Two tmrse giri» $13-$2i
Four botel »-a.ttresar« $2S>-»25
tea fce!p»r S2"->
♦JianifceriBaid asd waiting, for springs $23
Ma.4 to Ia.d7, ictei. sleep heme $23
£ iTty-five g»"n>*ral houfi'wcrk tcirla, city and
rwnr.t;*. a; $3Bt S2j. (3Cb Apply to
J. F. » T.GSETT & CO., .^4 Sutt»r st.
A :iEAD *ra.iir-Fr who ia c^ed to handling a
'ars- crew cf r'-ri*. S4<» tncrth ard found:
' r ars.:- ..-<_•=•. r-i.-r.lrr- hotel. C. R. iiANSEX
& CO.. 4^> Bush rt.
B A ITPjEs^ Cctrra^rrtal Hct'l; dlih washer
'•try. £?j a=d eossd; girl, housework, ao
"•Mi. S2S. B. J. EEAJS', 17 Fourth st.;
~~ rricce li-jyt 107.
A — WA.VTED — Girlit to learn hainireaeing.
iLasii-arrr*. et-. ; trade taught frem A to Z
:= 2 wits: !J to'thc-se ent<»rins now; 3 po-
•ttaev CB BH :s:=ie-l.-a.tely; pewitiens guaran-
Mcd it $lt» per we«k cp; l-adlnff scnooi ia
"est_ 2H3 Geary ?t.. rxita 13.
A — Gir> t.i !eam nrill^erT tusw tor sprtRg sea-
son; beta «a»r>ca taught from start to finish
in 1 tncc&h for $15; position* as trimmer?.
*a>»:a-i:es. et-.. guaranli^d at *10 p»r wk. up;
' ••! 1 !.£'« (fVcwZq C&AS3.. X ■»■# SuOCltwCfl St., T. x<#.
A — LACIES to lr*arti ili braaches halr'lressisg
traie rcantcurtss, K^ssage. etc 123t5 Mar-
ket et.. ccr. Sgb.**, roosi *4; pesitiocs secured
«t ttgfcm wcge»; day and eve. ciass; call.
Q1TZJ5 abrut 1« to wcrk t= tactcry; g^d
wa^rej, «tt»a!y rrz^lcy^sent. Apply at cace,
AMES & "»»M\ IW Sacrsjsesto «t.
SETHNO MA<1IINE OPKZL-KTORS AND FJV-
ETEP-S- NO EXPF .RIEN«~E NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STSACBS & CO.'S
FX-TOP^ES. 35 '-a FREMONT ST. AXD 1S75
NEAR FIFTEENTH. i
ED— Tcuag wxiian capable cf taking
«-ar» o* rfeilirea and <J'ri=g light s»^-c~d work:
I home Uft d«rtrabJ« party: state age. ex- I
perien^e. H sjiv. and «alary expected. Apply I
b. x *^. CkS "face.
SOV.SU irrl ta a?y:rt w.th li^ht touyewcrk.
"ANTED—:-' '.7 BJaatartt at P'.aai barber
fbep. Oailar'l.
WCSAN to taie cSarr* of restaurant; first- j
■ as* Diare. Az>ViT ""^ Mission st. j
■WO5IAN wasted as ayaisuint ia kitchen. Ap- •
v I ta 11 a. ai., Hebrew Orrhasxre. ®J0 !
DrrtsjaAen st.
W.iVTEB — Fcr UxzaaGm. girl to care for
I -i r-ar? c'A ar.i i*«:«t with upatalrs
worn: wacea $2J>. 2cx SS4. <~a!i.
WASfTED — CkKSskermald aad fe»lr> at 'itnr-r.
Hst<>: Eucra. Ttat*. 1070 Valencia rt. ]
ET a vhcleaale, house, aa *ctiri» wosiaa cf
r^«l a-iiir»s». Bex MiS. Call office.
Ar:'%~EBTISEMENTS. yubecrtrt.irrs r-^ived at
'"all Bnrtca >?S<-e. ror. Dim-*-' 4 <7hurci: st*. !
help u v>rr:y-;iAix.
an."FJiAY & P-SADT. "~oT^~^aT*£t
Ph.7« Maia 1S4S.
Leading E=pi-'VTseat «ad Labor Agests.
t9C3 w» ca.\-e 11)04 we hepe to
30 n-.-n work. '. , Increase «<>.yCO
ARIZONA.
W* sfctp ta
*■'""*. cio«* ta Preacott.
SflQ Data Cat railroad censtractioa.
We * fc .ip dailj.
8X0 BOO. Anacca. $3 10.
Min ta .perate coal £is plast fcr taiit:^
paa. retort systed. s«* boss aer*: GernaLa
wairer, cctmvry h<vl»L $~U and fjun.1; bread
fcaJter. arsatS country siscp, *4i> aad fauad;
■* porter. I xigiag-hcu»*. city, RH» and found.
Ee Oob b«sa. R. R. '.umb^r co. ; cement 2aish-
er. long job. (3 Lit day; terra cotta mcii
=aker; fs.rrs=r», chcreaea, siilkers, parien»r,
gardener, country ; ctrrA;* tnmrner
and leather c-ttcr: wa-ter. city hotel: wa^-on
pa^nt^r. can;p. niarried gardener. ccos.trj.
•ee besa aer»: married laborers, aawniiU
Mirjacy: tirOer. nortX faxe paid, good job,
S^Z aad :cuz<i.
.: .- r:-:r-?
£0 pi chop Wt. nKlwocd. 8<lc per ccrri.
: " -.--. ta eh.?p 4-ft. jwee, *I —I a cxri.
: < does ■ :■•• p 4-ft. nardwfjod. SI 3o a ccrd.
~ • s btm :-- — !x»r <: oniTmiryT steady work, !
tuamier ks& —inter: joci grouad to wcrit an. |
1. : BAT A READT. C,4-*SW Ctay at.
U5SE2I & CSX.TI. .Phase Grast I«3 I
-:.-». iranagag. country fcot»L bent of wages. I
~ •-- capher. who can keep a-.-ccust. of sup-
--.-^oir. 2rst -class country hotel. $4U
cad.
s« ajsh«r, potiraiher. pantrj-man. same :
cc--=;rr trr.el. J23 p^r mcata and found each. |
C B. K.VNtZN & CO 42U BBCB st. !
UCTTOB Bk tsacttsttes, <xni2try, $23 ar.d
rund: cr<ck aad wife, cosnrry hctei. $ii.
rc?Taurant cock. 1 1* week: fry rock. $ltf
»•**. and others. S. F. CROSETT A CO..
r -2S Sacrosteoto at.
JL EWS3OBEB mar. a^r* wife to take •rha.rse of
raacft. URS. NOE.TOX. 3L3 Sutter it.
j. L L
il-s to I^ara the barber trade In two conth*
i=d se<"ire gxxxl pcsiUcns; cataii.gue aad fall
rBSXlea n»UnJ free. MOI-EE. System
-te. C1Z Clay *t.
■■^ASTED — Experienced iraperr and domestic
■«al«^=iaa. Apviy. betw^n 9 and II a. m..
at BALE EROS-
— Flrst-claae. thoroughly ' experienced |
tfnaa gaxls ealesiaan to go m i city not far
'r-«3 ?£a Fraaciscc. Apply. b«rt-i'-t;n S and
i: a. av. at HALE BZl >S. •
XFA3KTE3D — T :nT.g rr^n -aht* ca* had v,Bf> »x-
pCTWBce ia aottl to t*nd bcr ia a hcteL
mwfhar.'m Kotef. , cppo*2te Heine cf Peace
( >met*-ry; Saa Mateo car*.
V.'HT pay tig price* xa have your •hoes half-
weStA when yoa can g»t it <icne fcr 25c. 50c
«nc »-U>: vft;> ycu wait at 5»»3 Mission et..
bet. :«t a-.fl 2 1 «i.« . cr 11 Third st.
"W'ANTED — Yccr«- sis stenographer and trpe-
■l&a, sta.c« ag?. salary expe«rt;»<i aad peaces
edpicyed t* a=r. Box 024. Call offlre.
ETEaDY man to mtttmi rouatw an-1 take cash
;n restaurant; $^"1 rncsthJr aa«l meals; $125
ca?h re«;-3ired. 2C9 Ktsn:- sL..rooa 1.
iVAVTED — B--y to drive buTfc<- r wagon, j
LI*«fcan'« Hctrt. cppo«ite Home of Peace j
Cemetery; Saa 2£*teo r«.-«.
SECOND mot wasted wtuy *» willing ra do
part <l»y he!per"s work: apply between 7 1;.;
1 t. a IS Esst »t-
O"'CD errasd bey wa=t»d. iTARICS EROS .
IZZj Market rt.
E.RR.KXT) &ey wtrvd • at 113 Eav-.s st.
FHSrOAXO-LEART CO.
MAN to ao *anitiT u-ori tor tuition in S. r".
Barber Scaor^L 741 Howard «t.
A STEADY ywicj man a* dishwish^r cad i
cak» bfBself gmeraHy ssefuL 803 liirs-.ou.
EXRZT31S— 2-chsir «hcp. clearisg over~$23 '
weekly. Be*. KZ>, fail cfSe*.
WANTED — Erpenented »ollcitcni. sea aa»l !
wcxncn. to ar.;;. nn»rchan<lise contracts; '
good cocpcui'atioa; eayy prepesitica tr» j
plar-e.; tnv?sti4fate. Royai M<*r^artl> Co., !
«nta 13. ColBStilait tldg.. cr 3^2 Broadway i
EAREEIiS. taie rotlce —^TSe ofCre of s^cn*-
tary ani Fr»e Emrsl<:yaieat Bu-eau has re-
moved t-3 9 City Hall pq^or ISO* Market at.
Jourrtvn^es Earocna' Ccion. Local 14*. JOS.
ft. ELEILY. Sacrrtxry. •
■WANTED — Mes aad women ta learn the >ir-
hcy trade: wa»s» paM while learaine. Call |
et asir^ss TVESTE2N COLLEGE OF BAIi- |
nETI5. '.'4T Cctr:a:er~:iai st.. Saa Francisco.
'V^XTEn — Lalx-r'rs aad mechanics to know j
:^at Ed Bu&la. R«co Hoax* proprietor ha« |
»iM«1 100 netr r'wm» to the Denver Hooae.
217 TSirl at. j ZZO vxxsm; 23c to 50c per night.
T.T <yax ssn'a ihoea. caica trade. a.t $1 and
V. 7.<> per pair, fect-fenn «hoes at $2 £0 cr
"rthCT'e'lie shoes, sn 50; best ahoee on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. y'*c _ 5 doers from Market.
'i'TTAELE 1 man ia ears rrcmaiusity caa earn
S'.C»> tn 52*X> p^r m-inth aad opwirt AdireaB.
i-cicsing 10 cent*. P.O. Ccx 43. Berkeley. CaL
* S-QSXBt fcsrfcer sbep. having best trade
'-. the town, for «ale che»p; *ubcrban taws:
r»t.rlrg from bcalaeu. Bex 32S7. Call office.
EaHTER slwp: nnat «e'I o^ilck': other bisi-
=■»»; 4 caa^s* »wea: -- ;-. Eas 1028. CaH
■T^ce. OaJc^ind.
VJUBTSS — A Sr»t-'-ia.«s carrtag» blackssdTa at
grx>4 wagrjs. Appiv to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. S*eraaier:tc. Cal.
TRY tsr csen'a shoe*, urica. made, at $1 acd
$1 50 r*ir: fcot-fcra ahoea at $2 SO; we pay
or rr-ail charge*. 11 3d «t.. Ftib bid.
rrXSTOX ATTY.. M. HAREIS. 40 EEla rt.: 14
5 ears* practice; reference* frcra thouaaads ef
r*r»oTrs_fcr wzeca I fcave secured pensions.
MrsiCTANS to Jcia military bsn<i 223 Euah
«t^ tfclrd flocr. rooaj 4.
F'n »> — Barber afccp at 1C7^J Flfta rt.
V ANTED — AI taUcriag »al-«man. Apply ',
r.cval Talleriag Cotspasy. 3X» Geary rt.
•AILOES aad ©rtlasry a^asjera for tfecp- water 1
•tip*. Ayylj DS^TTS plies. M Steaart rt. . ,
J-- *- - - - 11 aaii 1 il nil aai laiai m —■ 1 iaT aff ■" 1
HELP WATTED MALE Cw.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
32t; — Mocigcna-rr St. — 523; upstairs.
Phcae Main 1131 Urstalrs
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
20 tabcrera, $2; free fare.
Eiar-3t5Sj.th, ranch, easy jcb. south, $33 and
r.mad; S laborers. S hours. Northeast; 2
haady laborers, steam *hovel. $2 day. Gov-
ernment jcb: 3 elevator boys, city hotels.
$*;-»23: cock, cltv, $30 and fiund; cl-rk
and ke*a bocirs. country merchandise store.
s«* party here. $.% and fauad. south; 23
wood-choppers, north, gcod timber fiae j
* a!l "'. a ii 4-foot weed, good prices; call aad |
PE , X , ?IO > : atty.. E. A. Eu:iis. rccm 40. Fiplaa
ot«lg. Psui Com. Geo. IL Thoma« Post, G-A.H.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third, st.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 roijcra, 33c night; *ri"«. -ling-rooms •
free tug and baggage ta and from r»ny.
A BR.VNCH o'3ce of Tke Call Tor the r-cepUon
r.. a(iverti!Mtn»nta and sut.-criptiens has ceea
opened it HHH Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
ALL sixss men's shoes, slightly damaged, hall
price. Zd M:a?ica at., bet. Iat and 2il ata.
GET rour shoes calf scled whil» waitlnr- 25c
U .r. :<n Mission «t.. bet. l3t and 2d ats. ■
IIORSES AVD WAGOXS.
A CILVNCE cf a lifetime to get a new "robber-
t:reil buggy a; y Ollr owa pr ,ce. We have a
carload of hish-gra-ie rabfcwr-tire.1 bugjwa
that must be iispesed of wiihout reserve aid
W head cf weil-broke hcrses of every de-
scription and a lot of new and secend-hand
£fJ^?* a at cur resru'ar we-kly auction oa
MONDAY, Febr-aary S, at 11 a. m. Ellis
et. atable. GT3 E11U gt. S. W ATKINS auo-
r:uae-?r; phece Ea.«t 7t5.
CLOSING cut at auction — t surreys. 2 pha-tca.*
7 •sragrns: 2 rubber tirrs. 10 business buggies-
13 «ets tarnets, 40 horses- Tu;-*iay. February
2. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Fdacm at.
FOR SALT:— Light busu", robe and fcarn^s;
$40 for all or will g>ii separate. Box 020.
Call cfSce. -
WANTED — A good business buggy; price must
be cheap. Box S7i>. Call office.
FOR sale — Six seccnd-ha.id exsresa wis:cj
and two tracks. 2Z3 Beaie st.
I AN opea busim^as buggy in gocd rendition :
w.U sell ch»ap. Bex S52. Call office.
■ WANTED — Aa open business buggy la gcod
repair and r»a«onab!<». Box 'JUT. CalL
J Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
I and ro-cart for gale cheap. Zr^l Mission St.
f Large«t as-crtmt 2;i-hand wag-jns. buckb.I.5ur-
>'-'.!"a^'. *s. y^rk.<irlr-lr^ hr.r-"?. 13th -Valencia
HOtSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED Itat cf houses to I*t- «end fcr c!r-
cuiar. O.H. LMHSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
BEF'.iRE mc-vi-g- g«t cur prints! li^t of house*
j ;.i i"t. BALDWIN & H-OTVHLL. 25 Post st.
IX VEST HE> TS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
AH "livi.iend-rariEg securities for sai?.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
LOST A>D FOISD.
LOST— Little fclAck aad taa dog on Gciiien.
Gate ave. xsd Leavenwcrt**. «t. at rt o'.-lock;.
scar on right side: good rewani for lsf">rma-
Ucti cr return tA tt<*.g. 11 Leaven -Tcrth st.
LOST — Lady's • '.i - gnM watch, diamond cen.-
ter; larg» menogram. M. W. ; tiger claw at-
tachefi: «in;e ietr<rs; number of movement.
$r>0 reward. E. M. WOLFE. .T03 Fulton st.
LOl i -A pass bock with the Hib*rnia fcivtsgs
a=ii Lcaa Society cf Saa Francisco ia the
; name of THOMAS SAMPSON. Na 2D4-7I2.
The finder will please return to bank.
j LOST — A pass bock with the Hibernia Savings
• [ and L>.«n Society of San Francisco In the
name of .fACG3 PHILLIPS. Xo. 2iO-*S3<>. The
fir-ii<T wSI ci<»ase return to bask.
t LOST— A pass bock with the Hibernia. Saviags
a-d Leas Society cf saa Frascisco ia the
. naru? cf CHARLES GL.VTZ, No. 214-7..».
The gnder will pleo_«e return ta bank.
j I BROTTN and -wcite wi:«r spaniel dog; license
1 I No. 422S. Suitable reward if returned ta St.
Louis Brewery. Powell and Franeiaeo sty.
LADLES* troxrn leather purse, contaiaiag cola,
viciaity Third ar.ii Mirket. Apciy Call of-
Cce: rexard.
LOST— Bla-ck. Ccilie deg; white oo nose,
brea.'t. Teat a=.i tip cf taii: liberal reward.
5I'J GcJlca Cue are.
j LOST— LockeT ; "Hcnrjf? on bau-k. USerai re-
return H. ELLIS. 3> Montgomery at.
j FCITNE' — A jt-; hound. Owner can have the
sas-.r br <-alIiag at 421 Connecticut st.
I ===================================
J ■ 3IEDICAL.
! MRS. DR. WTETK, ep«iai&t fcr all fenxai-
cempiaints; Jrstact reiief guaj-aaieed- JO
years »xpert€s,ci>; removed to 82a Fost at.
' MRS. DK. KOHL, reliahie specialist fcr ail fe-
arale trcubles and irregularities; iastaat re-
» l>f guaranteed. IQC8H Market St.. cpp. -5th.
' EH. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
ia trouble consult this specialist on female
ccn: plaint!"; positively corrected; the uaforta-
ni:i- helped; the mart d(C3cuit --aaes treated-
aJvlce tree. Oface. I01S Market St.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES !a EARS
pcaltiVL-ly cured; new method: 1 week'a treat-
pent fr~. Dr. Ccrt'.Lghara. 20* Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1I1S Market — Reliable ladiea'
•peclalist; a private h<^z:e before and during
C'.-c2=-nr«nt; bea* «neilcal care; low fees.
Dra. Gccxiw-.n. 7ZZ Turk. nr. Vaa Ness — Expert
tn efc»tetri-s. f-male complaint*; last, relief;
1 treatment ?X0; ccura. it - o 3; 23 yea-r exPV.
DR. WEST0N— Pr-rrpt relief for ladles : ecn-
»u!t him free. 3.".5 Kearry st. ; tei. Mala 431.
DR. P.CSI*N resides 2OJ3 FoUcra at., corner
Kth; .i. 1 : -■«. rel..*; cr co 'ee; $10.
DR. ar-i MRS. DAVIES ar.d HINDOO SERBS'
rris-.ral nethed cf treatment. 1128 Market at.
DR. XG TOT KEE. .119 Poweil st. opposite
U-vlrg Square: all <i!soa3es ,-jred by hert»
THE Mccterey Gold Mlaing Company, which
owns one of the most valuable niiae» In Cali-
fcrniii. has plac?d en th~ market :!■.>. <,W "hares
of Ua gttvlt at 23c a *ta.r». the par. value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Tayicr. ti-.e eminent ir.in-
rr? ixperr. Is in chars* of the work and re-
pcrt<i that zb? rVh.-5s» cf th>» mine is gaining
rapidly as th» work z^xssicfa; this stock will
gr. tr fZ a share within the next 12 month*:
locerested parties can e»e the quartz and gnid
taken out cf this minj at t£» office of their
'.-■:. I. '- I -r. - •
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO . 027 Market st.
WE l.-jan toootf oti miaing «tc:i.« — Therefore, If
ycu wish ta buy a rcci dividend jtcck at 2f)
to t> per cent «>f actaa! value, write us at
<;nc-. naming the a ocfc jr,;u want; rniainj? pe?.
pi» tvery» hrr? jj»t rsjioey o£ us and o'ten
Joa* their stork; w-e hare sev»ral apien.lld
barjaiiv* to c£*?r: l«>t us pcOH it. MOODY &.
'■ -' -■■•■' -^ ;;..-■■. .-•?- '■■■.• -j;.
MI5CELL.AXEOCS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. 2^-haad machinery, ilcnf.
TOSH tc RCLPMAN. 135-187 Fn-mont at.
• dc::s vot:r roof leaict ~~
Repair It wiiii entente; tn rolls easy t» lay:
neeia ao paintirg or ccat:=s; good over old
;rcn. t:a cr ehinjle*: best for new reefs.
ELATEPJTE RCKjFING CO.. 71.T Marks: tt,
rO-HAKD tnachlaery. bcilzrs. cssln«s, pusps
puileys. s:haft!rg. etr.. etc.. bcught. soldi
rented acd excrsani;?d; see Sunday papers.
H. S WTiiTE MCIiY. CO.. t.SJ-l.S BeaJe st.
A — Fise su:ts. $7 50; dress piints. $2 30. Orig-
inal Misfit Cloth: ay Parlors, 2SS Kearny St..
n-ar V . - -. . open to 9 p. m.. Scn<!ay to neon.
j A — BUTS. s«I> or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilerr. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITFLAW. 2STi-2S5 icar st.
I A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
ti.:ir-Ti> raits sold on small weekly pay-
tr.er.la. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 22 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS. aKghtly used, tell at coat;
new UBjderwcod vtaible typewriter catalog
•cat free. R. E. P.*vslU & Co.. Saa Frascisco.
ALTERATION tale — Best $2 30 hats. Jl ZQ.
Fcpuiar Price BLattar, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; cpea to 9 p. m.; Sundays to coon.
THY cur men's shces at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foct-form ahoes at $2 00: we pay exarssa
cbary*. UMit, Exam, hid. ; catalog free.
Z'~ic r.CLL asd us: fine wall naper; «amp!e»
mailed: painting, listing, papering. M. MSR-
IGAN. 13C2 W«s*ter. Tel. Jactaoo 1321.
EA.ILtNG ark for Cabin* aad hunting. 323
Buah »t^ third Coor. room 4.
A FINE Frcoty Job presa; second hand; good
as new. Bex 79S. CalL
£ 1FES and cash registers, new aad aecood-
'caad. L FREEMAN. 1329 Market t.
DESKS bcught. •old and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 732 MImIcs; t«l Euah 167.
1 MILES of else aad flttiags: all alxes. EC-
GE.VE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo rt.
SOME good eecend-hard rasolia» engines. I ta
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. B*ck * Co>. 122 M^-t.
£LCT machirws che»n: CBicagoea. Twentieta
Cectanea. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 353 Market.
DESKS and safes; ace the complete line at ISltf
Markat. ab. Var JIggs. RICHARDSCN BaOd.
SX-'E? New aaii *fccnd-han«i. TBLS HEH-
3t*»C SAFE CO, 307 Battery «W
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 6, 190-1.
MISCELLAXEOCS FOR SALE Con.
MOVING pictures, magic laateras, sale, rental;
bargaics. Bullard & Breck. 131 Poat at.
SAFES — New and aecond-hand. B. B. BECK
£ CO.. 122 Market it.
Edlaca phencgrapes. record*, supplies, moving
picture machines, filsia. Eacigalupi. 333 Mkt.
GASOLINE etginas. automobiles and launches :
•11 siaes. J. E. DOAK. 4(5 Fremont rt.
ASK for nricee on eecund-haad typewriters; all
maifa. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
MI5CELLAAEOCS WAXTS.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothlrg; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS aad libraries bought H. C HOLMES.
1143 Mark-: at.; phone Jessie 374L or postal.
TILTON wants goad second-hand clothing aad
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th st. ; teL Jessie 2S3L
** MOSEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
«0l-e02-6C3 Examiner Buildia*.
Quick eettlements; no disappointment.
Sava expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
est*, assignments cf rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
t»reats ia property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Yon Need Money
S?e HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real -state cr
Chattels, ia city, town
or country.
Lot rate of Interest.
Oive full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location etc.
Bex 4<Xt. Call ofSce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding bouses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
4<l principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private plaoe to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
p<»r ee«t interest. BaMvrtn jewelry store.
S40 Market; tei. Main 1344. Branch. 1!) Third.
A— I per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
ai. no comci'.ssicn. na publicity :$2S up;qutc!t,
private, cocadentlal. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls aad precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth at.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.C00.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unla-
dcrsed note?; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
Company, rooms 4S-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed cotes aad other security. S. F.
Discount Agfccy. 143 Phelaa building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no c^mmi3sicn;in3tanments accepted
EONELLI. zn\ Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos: no removal;
lewest rate; easy payments; no commission."
1179 Market St.. room 68.
MONEY baaed; reasonable rates. N'ORTOX
CO.. 70S Market St.. mcrn 207.
ALL loans on rliasionila and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. CaUateral Loan Back. 333 Kearny.
3% ON furaicure Jk pianos; 13 up; no removal;
no ccra. V. TREMAIN. room 3L 8 Eddy st.
1 PER csnt on furniture or piano. 1C03 Ma-
; tual Savings Bank building. 706 Market si.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoinimj leans money to
• salaried empicye?. R. 311.MutuaL Sav^Bk-bld.
CASH loaned salaried people oa notes without
indor«i"r. MUEELL. €C9 Examiner building.
A "WEEK'S new* for 3 cents — The Weekly Call..
13 pag»s. in wrapper, for trailing. $1 per year.
MOXHY WASTED.
WANTED — Building loan, either $73,000 or
$13j,i>W; long time. low interest; elegant
apartment building: fine site; Los Angelea,
CaL; responsible tenant;- tea years:' owner
fc.rri' rr:th plana. Addresa box StiB, Call office.
Vv'OULD like to borrow $£CCO en a house aad
let ax a reasonable rata cf interest; i have
a S'AiA position acd" can pay off" the mort-
gage ia a short while. Bex 7S3."Call ofilrt.
WANTED— SiTOCO: 8 per cent guaranteeit; le-
gitlrrraT" - tn.»nr:facfJrtBig _ -buainega. A- R.
COt'LSOS CO.. Inc. Petaluma. Cal. " -■
WCMCAL IXSTRTMEyrS.
ONLY piano house la the city that will rent
you. a. new piano for $3 per month and allow
*i months' rent and cartage off purchase
price ; sole agents for McPhaiL Scniller, Doll
and other maJtes- SCOTT -CURTAZ. SilO
Him stt. ■ ' ' - " ' ■-■■■■-
A FINK let cf bargains In aecend-hand pianos.
Including such makes as Swiaway. ■ Halnes
Bros., Knate, Baus, Fester, W»ber, Star.
Marshall & W«nc>!L Sterling aad other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell «t. ; no branches in San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage piano:* (also fur-^"
niturei will b<! sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEACS storage. 18U« Market st.
CHICKERIXG grar-d: fine condition; great
ca-sii bargain; nnrser has not roots for It.
Apply C. A. XEALE, 7'^ Market st.
CHEAP square and upright piancs; new aad
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
4^.1 Jla.-ket St.. second Scor.
NSW pianos scid en $5 monthly payment*.
JOS. SCTIMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister St.
A FLSCHKR upright piano fcr sale; good aa
new; Jl.'UJ. ZiZ Gesry ct.
$03 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck matogany: nearly
new. HORXUNG BROS.. 21tf McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeefT.f's.:33 O'FarrsiL
SOHMER, Byron Mau^y piancs. Ceci'.iaa piaao
plarer. BYF.ON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A3TD STORES TO LET.
NICE Cue effice to let; also fine front lies*
moTC. Call at 4TJ ralifr.rr.iri *t.. room 21.
OFFICES WANTED.
WOULD like to rent furnished office or suite.
Box !*.*). Call office.
! PERSOXALS. ~
THE Star Kair R«?me<iy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth. steps failing. cures dandruff
ac<I itehina s-'alp; ci atiir. or stickiness;
e!«an«"8 scalp :at drugsista', hairdr-s.wrs' : ac-
cept substitute. Star R*m*>dy Co.,l.CtS Polk
G P.ADV ATE3 of N»w Y^rk School of llassiig?
O«t**cpaihy: vapor and Pi^rtric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; g»naine
tub!". h-~#t and coid water; trained nurses i«
attendants, hnf. and Mrs. Mcrria, 4W Geaxy.
NOTICE— The California Rusuurant. at 12n
Ninth ha? besn sold to P. EALLO8 and
A. GOVGALAS.
i . WM. AUGUSTINE.
NOT how ch-ap but how good U the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
St-an^iard. tfcs sewing machine of to-day. J
W. flVAXS. ggpnt. 1021 Market st.
PRTSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
mcncntly morphine, cocaine hcblt. Call «r
address Central- Pharmacy, 251 Gnst ave.,
ccrner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
LIQCOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure m 2
days cr no charge". Acme Liquor Cure Ca,
9»7 Market rt., rocm %?,.
DRCXKENNESS. morphias aao* ail drug dis-
eases Dositively enred by Willow Bark Co.,
1SB» Polk st.: consultation frse; call cr write'
AT tess than ccst. Uncalleti far suits, overcoat;,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. Til Market st.
DANCING Tuesday, Thcrsdar. Saturday, Sun-
day evja., Teutonla KaJl, Howard st.! near
9th; Prof. Fester; society danctag taught.
J. W. SPARROW, jowe'er. formerly of 107
Geary St.. has moved to "IS Post st.
A'-tir.a restores lost eyesight ;cur»>9 deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3S24 l'Jth. nr. Valencia.
3IRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3iS> Snt-
ter. r. 6C0. Miu Eaton, 233 Geary, room :i».
Ben Marche Pants Co. 7 special $5 pants to or-
der. Rocms 14 & VS. 40 EUls. Tel. Drumia 44.
MASQUERADE ccatumes. play hooks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removeij by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170- Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; areas pant* $2 ab"
Misfit Clothing- Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM*S Egjptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
PAL^ISTKV.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
giat"; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1 ; opea Tuesday evg. also. L.JO Poat st.
MME. NEEP.GARD. located at 212 Poat; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H .-JgrROME Fnsirji.T. 5 ,-ienf!fi^ r »!mi»t an
Taylor it., sear Geary. Phone Black M.
REAL ESTATE — CITY-— FO it SALE.
THOMAS MA GBE& SONSJ ~~
REAL. -ESTATE AGENTS.
S MONTGOMERY ST.
FINE PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
YtOO.CltU — Cor. near Leaven worth; 1-17'^ ft.
front "by gcod depth; excellent buy.
*S5,U)O — Ccr. I«7 ft. of frontage with ol.i
frames on It aow paying nearly $.JOO a month
net. a fine site to Improve with fine large build-
ing.
$J!2.5C0 — fcr nearly 90 feet frontage ca one
of the best streets north of Market, west of
Powell and east of Larkin; not a better prcs- |
pecttv* neighborhood; excellent site for laxga
building- and stores.
$70,0U) — Large Vaa Ness ave. corner; ready
for flae.larxa betel, and we have responsible
tenant.
Van Ness ave. corner with 3 houses; good
rent3 at present, with fine prospects In near
future.
$<SC,QCO — Mission st. cor.; nearly 25* ft.
frontage on two street*.
$CC,i)CC — Close to Van Nesa; partly improved;
fine alte for family hotel or apartment house.
JCiJ.OO) — Market St.. close to Van Ness ave.;
2 l"ts with rear frontage; a fln« buy.
$31. CCO — 125 ft. of frontage on a corner near
EUls st: frame improvements now pay tt per
cent; ueeds fine new improvement and will
then pay at least 3 cer cent.
$31.0€0 — Near Third and Market.
$50.CC0 — Market st. ccrner running back to
rear «n»et wUh 73 ft. front on rear street.
$45.CC0 — Bush St.; 4-story building; fine buy
fcr alwayj.
$43. C00 — .Downtuwn ; new building: upper
floor* teased to cne tanant; total rents $285 a
month: on one or the beat prospective streets
north of Market.
543 000 — 50 ft. frcnt close to Market aad
Finn.
$43.CW— CO ft. frcnt close to Market and
Larkin.
$43.000^ — Large site with fine building oa
business street In Western Addition; pays over
5 per cent net now.
$4^ COC— Post at., not far from Maaoa: total
rents $143: large frontage; improvements can
be reacdelml ami made to pay. ,
$4I.0CC — Corner near CFaxrell aad Larkin;
under lease to rcod tenant.
$40, CCO — Jackson-st. cor.; 250 ft. cf frontage;
rents $2C0 a month now; excellent site far a
large number of flats, an apartment house or
a hoteL
$:K5.0CC — Geary St., not far from Mason; gocd
3-story buildlrg.
$;n,0C0 — Flee 3-atcry brick building; leased
to 1 reliable concern; pays over 7 per cent net
K mortgage remains.
•,-jOOCO — Sacramento st.; through to rear
street: 70 ft. cf frontage on two streets.
$.T0,3C0 Stockton ?t.: good 4-stcry and base-
raeut buildinir: leased to one tenant; tenant
sublets at irocd advance.
%2Q,0QQ — Bush st.: nearly 70 ft. front by
137-6 Jeep with gcod frame houses which pay
7 per cent' now: ha3 the advantage of being in
a district where a number of fiats could be
built and easily rented, or an apartment house
or a family- hotel.
Van Ness ave. corner: good size: la excellent
$25.5CO— Howard st. : CO ft. front, with gocd
ftriek buildings.
#2.VG0 — Bush-st. corner; 40 ft. front; fine
sit* for family hotel or apartment house; will
havp «un and li-ht in every rr-om.
$20.5fift Sutter sti close to best and most
prcirres?lve district; gcod building.
520.G0O Pest St.. north side, near Leaven-
worth- .10 ft. front: large house.
$IO,CCO — Callforcia-st. corner with good in-
come.
S16.5C0 — Jones-st. tot near E4iiy; cheap.
' $11 £00 3<) ft. oa Fillaiore st.. with' 2
houses: can he maile to pay an excellent in-
come; Is a fine prospective neighborhood.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS. „___ " "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
» 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
Pays 6 per cent net on $12n.CC0.
Mortgage of $.T7.300 may remain.
New S-stcry and basement brick building with
. - rear frontare.
Building leased to responsible tenants.
Total rents. $S750 per annain.
There Is not a better paying inve*tm<-at on
Mission st. for «ale ta-day.
\
AT AUCTION. .
! i . THURSDAY*. FEBKCABuTl.U. 11HM.
At 12 Otripek >KWn at Our Office,
- . - 25 POST--
By Order of MP.S ALVINZA HATWARD.
10— BUILDING— 10
LOTS.
As Per Diagram
FRONTING ON POLK ST..
FULTON ST. AND
ASH AVE.
- __ _ . DOUBLE FRONTAGES.
-J f ) f_
• POLK STREET.
30 j r.n 1 30 : 30 j
l ||4 , *J\* Xg
_i
m 120
t: r* 3
S >
~ — - 3D
£ ? \
s . < I
- T C
~ ~~*
i 9
! STRATHMORE
1 I APART3IENTS. ■
Two blocks from Market st — 200 feet from
ClryHaa. Jk _ _
RIGHT IX THE CENTER OF THE CITY.
TERMS-^40 PER CENT CASH.
For Maps and Catalogues Apply to
BALDWIN: & HOWELL.
" " 23 POST ST.
W. Z. GUNN.
5T.0 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Butldlaj-.}
$t.9fii> — Union st. ; sunny side, near Broderick;
cheap lot; 23.T1CI); fine marine view:
easy terms; $1CO first payment. $23
monthly; ready for building; no lots can
be purchased In Western Addition on
such terms. «
$10.000 — Webster-st. corner: 110x100; fine buy
for a builder.
$<S.500 — 2 flat«: Larkin st.; 7 rooms; bathroom.
J2.IC0 — Corner on Webcter St.; 2Sxlt».
*i).50rt — 2 Hats: Brcderick St.; 7 and tt rooms.
$3.73U — <riem»rnt st. ; a choice lot to Improve
with stcres and flats; 73x1 13; a fine buy.
W. J. GUNN,
5.*U> CALIFORNIA STREET
$t"WX> — PRETTIEST aad cheapest cottage heme
in San Francisco: S rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary wash tubs, etc.; lot 30x110; street
work done: electric and ateaaa cars at the
<!oor to all parts of the city and cemeteries.
Oc. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa «.. Ocean
View. '
CALIFORNIA ' House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrec*
the lars^st building completely within JO
days. Northwest corner M^ion aad Tenth
«ts.. office acd yartt. " • - •.-.-■•
BUILD on your . unimproved realty; we loan
full cost toprov. and part tot at ft per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulMlng.
$33O>— TWO paying flats: Mission warm belt;'
rents $33. Apply j 30C» Twenty-second st.
DO you want a nice, bathroom? Calt oa AHL-
BACB A MAYER. Plumbers. SM Howard st.'
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Oren cntil 11 P." m. '
SAJT mATXO aSAXi E3TATS.
SAN MATEO house of S rooms aad bath; lot
100x150. wtih barn and chicken bau*«>; $H00O;
$lCtKl down and balance $62 SO per month;
oa car line. D. COFFIN. 33(33 Mission, st.
RIHI. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSE?: & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents anil Auctioneers.
$70,CCO — Four-stcrv briek building, hi the cen-
ter of the business district, i
iZ'>. U,i> — Rent $2S.V> per annum; SLxth-5t. busi-
ness property; 2 frontages; store and
lotlgteg-house.
$25.000 — Good site for an apartment house:
Hyde at.; 20x120; 2 hcusss of 1<> rooma
and bath each, renttng for $100; im-
provements of little value.
$23. COO — Rent $2-1(50 per annum: business cor-
ner; Haight St.; large lot.
JlilCU — Rent $123tt per annum; good business
corner; etore and flats; large lot, Z3x
122:6.
$1.1. 3O > — Rent J12T.0 per annum: Devisad-ro-at.
business property: 3 elegant new fiats;
sazida
$13,COO— Folacm-st. business property; 2 front-
ages; rented very lew at $1032 per an-
num: store and flats; 37:6s9O.
$12,000— Price rwluced: rent $1284 per annum;
H flat -5 and large lot. 53 feet frcnt; oa
Grove St.. n*ar the City Hall.
$10,500— Rt*nt $»Sift per annum: flats la good
condition: corner In- the Western Addi-
tion; 60x78.
$10,000 — Rent $«4» per annum: Geary St.; 5
bay-windows: flats of 7-6 rooms and
tath each: 27:fixl20: 2 frontages.
$10,OCO — Rent $12UO p»r annum, less cniy tazea
and Insurance; Kearny and Bush vl-
clr.ityr brick buiUIing: j. bargain.
$9.5<7O — R«»nt $7^ psr month: Hayes st., neat
Lacuna: £ desirable Bats of 5-7 rooms
and bath each ami lot 27 feet front.
$9.500 — Bush St.: rent $3T.O per annum; 3 sub-
stantial flats of S-~-H rcoms each; brick
foundations: 27:>*xi.T7:tS.
JCGCO — Rents $.>40 per annum: near Duboce
Park; 2 flats af 6-3 rooms and bath
each: brick fcuniiatiGisa, <2tc. ; Iarg* lot,
23x150.
$8,CC0 — Wostorn Addition rpsiilence; 2-story,
baths, bay windows and driveway; 27:6
xlOO.
$8,000 — Rent $C0O per annum: Mission warm
belt: 2 nice flats and cottage; 2T,xl22:tt.
$5.2S0 — Rent *4Wi per annum: '1 flats and tot
25x127:84: Sacramento st.
$4,5CO — Nice iittle hcine on Pine st.; 2-atory
houne of 8 rooras and bath; let. garden,
etc.
$4,500 — Rent $310 p<?r annum: nt^ar Seventh
and Howard sts.; store and 2 flats: 25
X73.
$4. CCO — R?nt $42" per annum: Castro-st. busi-
ness property: store and flat.
$3,CC0 — Rent $."U» per annum: Pacific-at. busi-
ness property; stcre and Cat; lot d'Tuble
frontage.
$1.730 — Rent J204 per annum; near Faclfle and
Tarlor ets.; louble frontage: 2 houses
of 3 rooms each.
Far further particulars of the above, and
for the Real Estate R«corrl. containing a l!*t
ef properties for mI«* in all parts of th^> city.
Inquire at cur office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
2<> Montgomery ?t..
Real Estate Agpnta and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots close to Du-
boce Park; bituminized streets: lets !*>v»l and
ready to build en ; a rare chance to obtain a
hoMinx admirably situated and close tn th*
city at a very reasonable figur": diagram,
price and all particulars at our office.
G. H. UHTISEN & CO..
20 Montgomery ?t..
Real Estat; Agents and Auctioneers.
REAL ESTATE Country — For «ale.
40 ACRES level eodimsnt laarl: Hnequaied for
berries, cotatces and airxlfa irowlns; $45
per acre: t* cash: all water wanted; $1 per
acre per year.
Call or write for full particulars.
MARION GRIFFIX.
Ream 40fi, Examiner bldg.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Ranch cf 74 acres; geed hcuse and
outbutMiT!g3: partly ta fruit; near P. P. sta-
tion Aotcs. Saata Craz County. Cal.; prict-
$»C00: also ether lands for sale. For partic-
ulars ad.lr»ss PostiKaster. Mem. Ca!.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$2Ri> profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. t'OS J st.
WRIGHT * KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranch«3. orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargain*; monthly cata-
logues *c3t free. C. M. WOOSTEn CO.. 643
Market st.
FOrXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATeT'
4 IXJTS; cheap fcr caah. 323 Bush St.. room 4.
third floor.
WATER frcnt lets and bargain?: al! tracts.
caps, photcs, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bids.
BEBKELEY ADVEETS'M'NTS
BERKELEY BCU ESTATE.
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build
MURBOCK & CO.. Lcrin Station. Berk.-liy
OAKLAND ADVERTlSEilEXTS
OFPICE, 1118 BBOATJWAT.
OAK1^\XD^ HOUSES TO LET.
TO let — An elegant cottage cf rfx rccms; gas.
bath, and all modern improvements: .very
reasonable to a good. st»a<iy tenant. Inquire
Lanlgan Real Eatate Office, Golden Giite sta-
tion.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
BEAUTIFVIa large, clean, sunny rooms; cen-
tral location. (515 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
2 FINE sunny front rooms, with board, to
rent at 13t>£ Webster at., Oakland.
OAKLAND FTRVnTRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day far barsalaa la furni-
ture. H. Scbei!haa,j.lith «t-.cnr.store.Oak!a3d.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEPI5G.
D~ NORMANDY. COS Post— Nicely furnTrms.^
%2 week up: al»> fcskpg. it ta $7 a week.
FOURTEENTH, 498. cor. Guerrero — Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms: phone, gas. bath.
14TH, 76, cor. Folsom — 3 sunny rooms". 2 bay
■ windows and kitchen; latest imp.; gas: IS).
GEARY. 1C02 — Nicely furnished »uany rooms,
en suite cr single; housekeeping privileg-s;
runnlsg water; gas; reasonable.
JACKSON. 1.-.11A — Lar«r» front and back par-
Icra, garnished cornoleti ror houseii.»i»ping;
also single room, suitable for 2 g«ntl!»rsca.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartrnents. 1310 Pine—
Sunny, furnished .T-rocm «uite»: stsam heat-
erl. electric lighter!; free baths; rat» $."i» ui^.
MCALLISTER. 7S»— Private family: 2 Urge,
front, sunny rooms, furnished; also entire
floor J rooms, k'tchen. bath ard unfurnished,
with carxew If desired.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33(r7— Two sunny, furnished
hcrasekeepinff rras. In warm belt Mission; 112.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recmv«i at
Call Branch Oface. ccr. Duncaa .4 Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Flith.
Open until 11 n. ~m.
APA£T23X2TP HOTTSES.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Xess ave.; 3 and 6 rooma each.
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup*-
plied without extra cost; will be flaishe-1
wi:h exceptional beauty and taste and ar.»
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenant*
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, nsw aPTrroaching completion:
opea for inspection. HOOKER & LENT, i»
Post gt. 1
THE LUNGER, 443 Octavia, car. Haves — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rro. apartments:
elegantly furnished; etectrle lights; private
baths; $40 up; refa.: also doctors' offices.
ST CECILE. 113 Fell, above Vaa N=s» — Hie
acme of perfection la elegantly fara. i-rocm
apartments; private bath3. steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges: *.'») ta $35.
ST. LOUIS, 1373 Jackaan st. — Modern Z-t-S
recaa also single: furnished cr unfurnished:,
marine view; now open; refsrecces.
HADDON HALL,
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
AgABtraarsrrs vAgrp.
I WANT a 3-rocm furnlehed acartment. «U
complete for housekeeping ia an apartmest-
houae. Box 058. Call of flce>.'
ROO3XS TO LET— -Furit. and I'nlnrn.
AURORA, corner Second aad Folsom st3. — New-
house, new furniture : every room outside ;
modern ami sunny ; prices from - $1 5O per
week, up; this U the only up-to-date house in '
this vicinity: nrst-ciaas grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. It3 Sixth st.— Rooms
23c to $1 per night. $1 23- to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all ni^ht.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st. — Room?.. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 3<) to $10 week: house opea all night.
BUCHANANS 131*— Snnny furnlahtMj suite; al-
so single aad housekeeping roomsf
BURNETT. 1423 Market <old No. I3dt) — Fur-
nished rccms. suit?, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204- EUI3. corner M.i^on — Elegantly
' : furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.'
EDI.VBCRGH. THE. 239 Po-arelL cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices; also singla rooma.
ROOMS TO LET Fnw. and tufa rn. j
FILLMOP.E. 1^21 — Nicely furnished rooms, I
single and double; r*nt reasonable. j
GRAND Southern. 7ch and Mission — Rduxi Soc j
to $1 25 nigiit: $1 S«> to $« wk; readlag-rocni. j
JESSIE. &.O. corner Faurta— N^iriy furntshed '
room. i
: JESSIE. 363, east C. S Mint— Fumlsh-Jd
', room, ?»! rer month: 2 Sieds. 5».
JONES, 319 — Furn.L?hed room, auitabl* for 1
or i; rent ill: private- house.
JONES. 31^. near Bush^ — A v-ry drsirafcl^
rocm; all conveniences.
MISSION. 8;J7A— rurnlsfasd rocms by the day.
waek or month: prices reasonaW*'.
ROYAL House, 124 Ellis— LTcand*scent light*.
reading-room, smckias-roonx and ladles' par- j
lor; rooms per alght. 33o to $1 3O: w<?ek. $2 1
to $8; month. $a to fM; elevator on groacd '
fl«>or; rooma with hot aad cold water: baths, f
ST. JAMES. McAllister ami Lasuna — A gunny }
furnished dingle room; rent $7.
SrTTER. 9<J7 — Crystal Hcuse — Elegant rooms; |
board if wanted; reasonable; respectable.
j TVRK. 10 — Sunny frcnt room. rumlshed_»
CNITED STATES. I2TI Eddy, near Market— 4-» '
j raoma. 33c to $1 night, $1 73 ta S6 week; eli?c- t
(trie lights tno gaa>. ruacicg water ta every [
room; elevator. r»ad.-rocci; free bus;b-i£gag?. I
VAN NESS av*.. 513 — Elegant frcnt parlors and
. adjoining suit* for oface or club. i
j WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3.J St.. near Market—
; Most conveni»nt and n*spectafcle; ~M rooms;
; 3.> to $1 5<> night; $2 to $3 w->ek: elevator; f
1 elec. lights: rpa.ling-room : fre» bus; baggage.
{ WOLF H<;cse, 2u2 Stxth— Electric Usht la
every rocm; Ijt ta $1 a nl«ht: 73c u $5 a
week; opea all nisfet: convenient ta all cars.
ADVKRTISEMENTS. subscriptions r-celv-d at j
'-'all Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church su. I
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CJHS
Valencia, st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of a.lvert'.3enieats and 3ub»:ripticnA has '
been cper?.l at 'lOOH Market St.. oppestte !
Firth. Open until 11 a. m.
-^ r HOTEL HATTOnT^ """"^ " ' r ""~"^
». . Pine. nr. Taytoc; elegantly fnrnlsaed
suites: private barhs; all modern conv»a-
iences; excellent table.
EOARD at ?4 .^> per w*?!t; home cockicg
■VSl First st.
HARRISON. 570 iRinccn Hill) — Beard and
room. $4 per w««!r.
ROOM, and board, modern conveniences^ for a
gect.; private ramily. 1224 Golden Gat? are. \
HOTEL ELSMERE. 4U Sut wr^SuanjTrocma ■ '
PscglltTit table: frsm $40: single $25.
Steveascn mansion, SO7 tTaliforcia — Fine raona]
new chefs: colored nervier: table specialty.
O" FA RRELL, * «j— Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family; <f*i p«r week.
PO*.~SLL. VOt. wr. Sntti»r— Large sunny ccrser
room for 2: terms reasonable: also slag.'e rra.
SEW1AG 3IACni.\ES A.TD SUPPLIED
NEW HOMi: — Se« our new triple-teed aia-
£ Wn r s U aU * atly as * d; * 10 - f^- S 20 : secend-
hand. $3. $3. «: ai; styl-g; juantateed. N#»
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1CS1 Market «t.
$IS SO— NEW Improved drop-head clcksl-fiaiih
g^arantEed 10 y ra. : 2.1-hand sewing machtnei
$2 50. $.1 H. m eth nt.: tei. Je-tnie 313a.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOCSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &^Van~Co?rrorcito^
household goods stared, moved ahlcped. -72S-
731 Hcwari St.. nr. Third; phcn« Oraat 181.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage i Mjviaa; Co. of-
fice Pc»t afld Powell »tg. ; teL Prtv. Ex. 37L
CONKLIN'3 »tcras«^ — Furniture acd merchaa-
dite. 30." Golden Gate ave.; thone EUat 12flL
GOLDEN W»st Storage: advaacsa made- *4<J
M:««ion gt. : t»L Howard 041. F. W. ZehJass.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cbct-
paay. 2rgO Fillmsre st: phone Jackscn 23L
BEXIN3 Van and Storag- Ca. II Msatgrjmerr
st.: tei. Main 1340. Shipping; at cut rat**.
STtTTERnC A?iD STAWMERim
MELE<Ot.RNE School. Van N^ss-Market— Ctire
la every case; individual teaching: no medJ-
cir.e. Inquire ln^) wonderful cui-?s; home cure.
TO LEASE.
WANTED — To lease for a term of years ia
the fast growing city of Hanfc!»i» CaL a ,
place that is unsurpassed or even equal ed
in the worLi far its grand Irrigation system
and its diversities of all kinds of products
aad fine fruit, ta the brick block Just oppo-
site the Hotel Art-sia. which Is full aad run-
ning- ever moat ail the time, a new. elegaatly
finished CO-room hotel. lodging cr prtvata
boarding house, with all the very latest im-
proved plumbing; fine su!t»s with baths, mar-
ble wxshstanda. hot and cold artesian water la
ev?ry room, electricity aad gas to heat and
cock with: cne of the- best chances la the
State to make good money; can be RUM in
iesa than tfn days with monthly boarders I
with zeed party. Come tee or write me
quick, as I want to rent. JOE D. BIDDLE.
Owner.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SCPPiaES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. Xa 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher aad lower prices: rentals $2 5a The
Typewriter Exchange. £M Calif craia. at.
A FEW rood type writers at *:o each: get par-
ticulars of L. i M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repair**.
Wefcrter Typewriting Irjsoee. O*.. Sft* Marftat.
divipe:u> xotices^
6AN FRANCISCO and Sunuriwa Hoae BizWi-
ing Scctety. 5th floor. Mutual Haca
buUdins. TO.^ Market at., epposate Third
F=r the balf-rear ending 21»t ,,t Decsmaer
1K3. a dividend ha» beea dec!ar*<t at ta*
rate per annum of (12) twelve p <r naz 0<i
capital atedt aad partlctpatlag c-rciacatM.
free cf taxes, payable oa aad after 3ATt'5t-
EAT. Jaauarr 2. 1*M. JOSEPH A. LEON-
AT'.D. Manager. HUG3 CliAlO. Rrrr»fc»r».
DmDEND Notice: The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Ccn. — A dividend. No. 62, of fifty cents
W.cf rer »har» en the !>«aed capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202. 2t>4
and 2i)tt llayward building. San Francisco,
on February 10. 1304. Traaafar boo£s close
Fr&ruary 0. 1304. at noon.
~* C. C. QUrXN. Secrgtarr.
PROltlSALS.
PROPCSAL? for Cap Device* — Depot quarter-
masters' c*9ce. .'UJ New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco^ CaL. February 4. 1S04. — Sealed
pmposais ta trtplicata wilt be received at this
office until 10 o'clctlt a. m. Friday, February
13. iOW. Pidfic standard time, and then
opened, fcr furnishing i:::. ."«-.: cap d-ivlces fcr
cavalry, infantry, artillery - and engineer
tro«-.p9. iitii" will be cpmerf for the delivery
of tiw same article .it the Saa Francisco. Boa-
ton. Chicago and Philadelphia, depots. Prefer-
ence will be given ta articles of domestic pro-
duction and macu'artsre. ccniiitions of price
aad quality Being equal (including in th»
prica of rcrefaa nroducticn aad manufacture
the duty tlreretm). and such preferenc* win
be given ta articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the. Paetflc
i>:a.4t to th* extent of the consumption re-
QUircd by the public service there. The United
States rwerve the right to. accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof. la-
fcrmaticn ;i-d blanks for proposals wilt be
fuml«h*d en application. Envslopes contaia-
!ej; fropcfais will be in<!orseij "Prapcsals for
Cap Devlcta " and addressed to Major C A.
Devel. liuartertntst^r. C d. Army. Depot
Qcarte *«na st er.
BIDS wia be received onsil SVBruary IX IS»!>v
ier the drilling of aa cli well witais S mi.'e*
at Evaaston. Wyo. : plenty of water Bear by:
ecel «h be pu: at the j e'l at frota Bur. J'i
per ten; the contractors ta furnish everything
and nKi3t crcsecuts tfce work diligently <:Uy
an! eight uatit completed. Bidders wj:i
make aerarat* bfds at sa much per foct t»
rick ICCu feet..t3«O feet aaii 20CO feet itiea:
the size of the ccla ta be eat less taaa ft>- 4
mches at the battosx oa eoasleClon. Tse
riiht is r»serv*d to reject any and all olds
If the crfce Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write cr call oa the naderst-gaed jr
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. «51 Market st
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.
February «. 19«M.— Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing aad delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such whart
■ cr wharves or such warehouses in Saa Fraa-
et.«co. CaL. as per circular to be seen at thi«
office, will be received here until 11 o'cloc*
a. m.. FrMay. February 19. V»H. and opened
Immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, geaeral Instructions ~ la
bidder* and blaak forms of proposals win L-e
furnished to eatahllihed dealers en apptlca-
tloa t.i C. R. KR.lUTHOrF. Mai. Corny.
AUCTION Sale— Offic* General Soperiatecdeat.
Army Transport Servtcs. Saa FTaaciscow CaL,
January 27. 1904. — There will b* sold at pub-
lic auctS'-n. at 11 o'eioca a. ta.. F«araary 0.
IifH. at Folaooi-st. wharf, a let o! otisceUa-
ceotts condemced quarterniaster's' stares^ a
list of " which can be aeea at Folsom-«t.
wharf. C A. DEVOL.
Major and Quartermaster. C S. a*.
PIITSICTASS A.^IO StBCEO'S.
CR. cTcT O* DOXNELL^-Ofilc* asd: restienc*.
1021 <4 Market st. b«»t. *& aad 7th: particu-
lar attention paid ta diseases of womea.
BLOOD. ak!a aad rectal d^eases, a spec!alt7.
LR. BALL. 1075tj Markat »t.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HTM. ftert doctor.
treats a!l dSseasaa of the frumaa body: far
Fast four y^ara at 115-117 Masra: cow to-
cat«l at C67 Geary st.. near Leavanworta.
DR. TONG PO CUT. iuccesscr ta Dr. U P»
Tal. hero dectcr. cures all i*»sease» at h-nra.i
b7 cae cf herta aad teas. 727 VTaaaiagtan «t.
DR. M. MATSTDA has r»nr=ed froa Ortsst.
N<w at SE. ccraer Geary *2tl Taylor sts>
WONG WOO. the famea* herb &v-zar — AH &\»~
nr** rar~d hr Chir.e<e berfta. 74<5-* Clay at.
paperiia:vgisg. PArxri^G. etc.
IiOOM3 papered. $4 03 : tLatlas: paiattrty.
Hartr^arn Paint Co.. V J THtM: teL Mala 4IX
JL\RKL\GE UCENSES.
The following marriage license* w?ra Uatxed
yeatcrtlay :
WUliam Rubber. 2S. 270 First street, aad
Eisma Ktenn. a. Berlin. Germany.
George F. BartVtt. Sa. Carters, and Nellie
J. Donohu*. 13. Carter*.
J^hn A. Pcrcr. 23. Hotel Savoy, and. Aaa*
A. Smith. I«. lOIO t>olcr»!» street.
Loui:» Metmcn. 2«. 42 Slrw str^e. aad 3arai»
Lat-tr. 3». 3."J) Mission street.
Stephen Mc»?u*. 2S. city, and Mary Doa-
n^lty. 24. city.
Carl F. Peters. 17. 532 Fell street, aad
Ad*!a W»rsnbers. 2*. iK> Blr-h ar«aua.
EIKIHS— HASBIABES— KEATE
Birth, marriage ard deata actlce« tnjii by
mall will not oe Inserted. They muat be handetj
la at either of the Duplication cfScea aad be
ladcrsed with th* name and residence of per-
sons authorized to .-.a-- '..:■• tame pubiiseed.
Notio«a restricted itmalr to the aaaouncemeat
of the eveat ar» 1. .-••.-; once la, til* coluTsa
fr-fi of charge. _ _ . m
BORX.
FROST— la this cltv. February 2. 1304. ta t3«
wife of 1 ; r-i - : T. Frost, a iauxhter.
THOMAS— la this city. Jiauary 23. 130*. ta
the wife of Kux!t Thoma*. a sen.
VELLENO— In this city. February 3. 10O4. ta
the wi.'g »f Ilarry 11. Velleeo. a daughter.
.M.VRRIED.
LEAHY— TENNENT— Ia thl« city. r«hr3*rr
S. 19«4. by the Rev. A. A. McAUster. chap-
Iain V. S. N., Lieutenant Wil'iani D. Leahy.
I". .*. N.. and Lou1m> T^naent. daughter of
Mrs. W. P. Harrington of Saa Fran*:l*-o.
DIED.
Basninj. Edward J.. M.:Leo«I. Georrs"
Claacy. Patrlci A. M.-^ueen. Joiia M.
• •a!*3n. JCr«. Tofctna Meyn. WlUUa U.
Ccnite. Virginia. II01. r». Charfotte
Daveaport. Chaa. H. ' Newmaa. Jobs
Dillon. Michael t Pieper. Louise
Ekblom. Char!--s Plnaiero. XL ds R-
England. W.n • S. R-derceyer. A. W.
Frank. Ephralni I Koccatasiiata. 1_
•iietjen. Eeraii.» F. R.<s»i, Antone
Gtarnat. Pierre Rawe. Rlchartt
Ha.'aon, Mary J. Rutherford. Anal« i
H<»nstea, Otto W. i Shersaa. Jaavsj
M :;-. in :. August K. '■ Stevenson. Jofia
Jones. Mary J. : S<-iJ-olt3e. Louta
Kearney. 3«r». J. ' A.
KeKy. Patrick M. ' TUimaa. "::ii.-.'-.S
Mclrrata. Mrs. Mary \> illweber. depaie
MrLaughlln. Eiiia- Wl^on. Charlotte E.
beta
BANNING— la th:s city. F»fcnary 4. 13O». Ed-
wird J., beloved son of Frances A. aad t^"*
late Joha Baanlng. ami brother cf :<a:> F.
Banning ami Mrs. Margaret Kelly, a .-..»-.-•
of San. Fraacidco, aged CO years and 9
months.
EjT Frfem!* and acqiaintaaces are respect-
fnlly invited to atteml the funeral ta-amriii^
t3cnday>. u I0> o\:!ock. frota his Ule resi-
dence. «C8 Castro street, theace to th#
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, for ser-
vices at l>):li o'clock, latenaent Holy Crows
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Slgat-
evnth in.: Guerr»ro- streets.
PACIFIC Parlor No. H>. N. S. G. W. — OfScers
axoi members are hereby notified to> attend
the fuaeral of our Ure brother. E. J. Ban-
ning, from the residence. >;C3 Castro street.
Sunday, February 7, *i:2S> a. m.
E. J. LYNCH. Prestieat.
JOHN MILLEH. Secretary.
CLANtrr — In McTloud. SUkivJtt Ccwrity. Feb-
ruary i. VM4. Patrick Andrew, beloved aon
at I-.;: z.i ■>••:-: aad - '--■• late John Clancy, aad
brother -if Joca J-. Bernard M-. Elizabeth.
Margaret and Mary Clancy. * nati-r* of Saa
Francisco, aged 24 years.
CTThe fuueral wl!! • i.<* place to-csorw»
< Sunday) at 9 o'eJnck. fraa» his late r*si-
. dence. ~V*GZ Scott street, thence to St. Dom-
i laic's Cbureh fa*- aervtce*. Iatermeat Holy
' Crcs* Cemetery.
COLSON — Ia this city. February 5. 1304. 3ir»-
Tobiaa Colson. a native of Norway, aged *J
years.
COMTE— Ia Lea Aaa-'les. February 4, 190*.
Virginia Cosste. mother cf A. Cctate Jr. of
San Francisco. Henry Coiate of Wella. X«v..
aad of Louise R."g^r9 of Seattle, axed
yars and 9 mcnt>?.
DAVENPORT— Ia Martinez. F'Snar/ X 1304.
• CnaE-!-** H«*r?»t Davenoort. beloved bob if
Mary and T^cnsas Davenonrt. a at£T« nf
Marttaea. Contra Co*ta County, aced ■♦
yean 4 months aad II days. (Osklaad. daa
Joe* aad Maden capers Dtntde cocy.)
DILLON— In this city. Febrsary 4, I9O1.
Michael. beiov-«i husband of the !at» Cj:.i-
ertae Dillon., and lavtag father of Thcrna*
F. DUIcn and Mrs. Catberfae A. B'.aii av
native of County Rosccramon. Ireland. 14 • ■:
TZ years. (C^ston pagers please ecuy.>
C7"Relattves and fr;<"a.Js are re»p«ctfutlT
!--.:■- 1 to attend the Tiaeral frcra i.i : 1:*
restdeace. 257 il:r*.r..i *tr^et. Satuntay. Feb-
ruary «S. at S:St> a'c!ock, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a * . j n~.-i requleai zaa.»s,
will be celebrated far th« repose of his «cui.
ecmmenctng at !> o'cloclL laterment IIjIs*
Crr^w. C«metery.
GENTLEMB^TS Sodality of 3t. Igaari-w
Churcii — Otficers and members are r<jpect-
fuity requested ;•• attend the funeral of onr
late brother. Michael Dillon, to-day (Satur-
day). ■« *:.tO o'elccU. at hia Ute residence.
th*nce to St Patrick's Church. By orrler
JAMES R. KELLY. Prefect.
EKBLOM— Ia this city. F'bruary 3. 1304.
Charl<»<*. only and dearly beloveil sen «f
Christina. «rrd the late Cfcar'.e* Ekblom. aa<i
loving brother cT Mr». E. Greea. Mrs. E. If-
Ritt-r and Oara aad Mae EkbiotE. a nar'.v*
of Cantor, Or-., ag-d 24 yr*» *»$ i
month. --;^ : .*?;■■
C7Fr!*ac> aad acqaaiitanc** are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services)
to-morrow » Sunday >. February 7. 1304. at I
o - clock, from hi» late residence. 302 Casiro
■treet. between- ni«steenta and Niaeteenti.
Interment CVoress Lawn Cemetery.
ENGLAND — February 4. 13O4. Itaac Nortim.
bclavttd husband of Sarah England, art
father cf Glads*. Gertrud' aad" Jcseoh N.
Kr-s'jr.!. a naUve of California. a«a :U
y»ars aad 23 da; a.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully lav-.ted to actsnd th* funeral ta-acrrot»
t3un<i»y>. February 7. 1Q4H. at I o'clock,
from lit* Late rwdraee. IKK Pawea street
Int?rment HoJy Crcus Cemetery.
FRANK— In thfc» city. F*braary 4. i»^
Ephraisi. deartr betoved father cf Max B..
Mitcact L. asc Alexander H. Fraais. Ur*.
% R.^s«n3BAEe. Mrs. M. Graaaaer. Mrs. C.
\rendt. Mrs. C. Greenberg. Mra L> -V
Laaarus aart Mrs> L. Morgan, a native of
Austria. a«ed 72: years 1»> mo=c5» aad ZZ
days.
C7Funerat an.I interaient jrtTate.
GAETJEJJ — la this eity. February 3>. 130*.
Herman F. Gaetjen. beloved Bon of Hertsaa
aad Mara Gaet>n. * native of ftia Traa-
i.'-.3.-i». aged Z years 7 months and 20 '..:■;*
C7 Friends and ai^iuaiataat-es are respert-
fully inTtte* ta attrnd «J*e fimeral «ervic#s
San<lay. February 7. 13K4. at I o'clcrk. ac
the resirlecce of his parent*. 2404 Post ■>:.-■--..
Interment Mount Otlvet Cetnetery. by car-
riage.
GIGNAT— la this city. February «. 13C*.
Pierr* Olgaat. beloved father cf Mrs.
Louisa Mulleo. Jalla aad Eaily GUaa^,
i£'i grandfather of Aaaii? aad JcJia Mui>n,
a native 0* France, aged «S years 7 monta*
and l» days.
CyF^meral Sunday. Feoraary 7. 1»4. at
I o'clock, from h!s tat* r»sf.letp— . 1<> Vlacaes
street, between Green and Union. tJwace to
French. Church of Jtotre Dajae o>s Victsire*.
where services win be h*!d. Iateraaent Haiy
Crnsa Cemetery.
HANSON— At her lar» residence. 113 Saa Joa*
avenae. February 4. !•»». Mary J-iweoalne-.
cniy and beloved liaua-hter of JooesAine aad
the late detain Wllliain Haason. a. native of
Njtw York City, aged 4£ years aa«t 3 ntintha.
C^Frieajii aod aciaalataaces are respect-
Tally tnvlt*d to attend the fuaeral Monday.
February S. 1304. at W> o'clock, from th«
nwJTtaary eaaaet of t?>* Goldea Gate Cader-
taklzur Comaaarr. i*73 KisxtiGa nreet. ok*?
Twenty-first. I.itarment crivate. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. By electric funeral car fr~rn»
ClShteentB aad Oaerrero ftnea. at XOiZO
o'clock. Kladly omit Cowers.
HELLSTEX — Xa this city. Fshruary 3. i:X54.
Ott»> Wllaelm Hellatea. a native of Finland.
aged 2O years 9 months; 1 .-. 1 S days.
HOLLAND — Ia thi* city. February 3. I3O4.
August K-. betoved husband of Gertrude
Halland tne* Banks), sob of Hr. and Mrs.
Ferdinand Kruarer. and brother of Mrsi L.
Kretger of Buffalo. X. Y.. a aartv* of P»-
ia .-"..'. aged 31 yrars aad It moeths.
JONES— Is t»la city, rebrnary 4. K»*. itir/
Contlnned oa Paze Fourteen.
Jaascs McGtna. Henry Himii
JAM£S McGIXN * CO..
F-m»r!y With McGtsn BrotL.
Funeral Directors aad EmSaUoi—
214 Eddy st.: T«L Scrota CTL
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From P.iffe Fifteen.
Jo^phi'ne. bclo^fl wife of Austin Jones.
snd mother cf l*«rcn D. *WJJ a °'*J Jl^
: ->nufl Riddel!, a native of Ohio, aged 55
:C r7- Friends and arquaintances are
ft:!'v Jnvited tn af.end the funeral t°-™°™>"
*. r pcnlrrx. at 12 J» o'clock. Interment
Mnur.t Olivrt Ocsetenr.
KrMiNEY— In Oakland. Cal., February 4.
Mrm. J. Kosrnfy. beloved wire of th«
'.-te'jehn Kearney, and sister or Mrs. C.
Towne of Oakland and Kichard Quinn of Lc*
A.nirclcs. a native cf County Trpperary. Ire-
"c^-Frtenfis ar.d «rquaintBrrtrc« are respect-
luVv invited to Bttcsd the funeral on fcatur-
J,,v , t 8 «.'clo«k. from her eitter't resi-
<«rnce KC1 C«Hlar street, thence to St. Pat-
r'rk'F Churrli. wh»re a solemn requ'.em mass
nlll be celebrated for the repose «if her eoul
m 9:SO o'clrwrk. Ir.le:rn»-nt Holy Cro«i Cem-
KKLLY— In this city. February 0. 1904. Pa t-
. r'ck M . beloved husband of Julia A. Kelly,
■M loving fath'r of Mrs. J. B«»P. Mrs.
* Hciry W. lyhmkuhl ar.d May Alice. Hazel
A.. John 1'.. William C. and Jame» t»
Kelly, » rative of County Ru*ccmmcn, Ire-
land." aped :>S y»ai».
IJ|"GRATH— In this city. February 5, 1904. Mrs.
Mary SIcGrath. dearly beloved mother of
Vts W. n. Singleton. Mrs. William McCal-
liZ end Mary. Jumei and th« late George
McJCeoaa. and fister of James Meehan of
.■'acksor., Amidcr County. California, a na-
live of County Mcnaghan. Ireland, aged C7 :
jeers.
C'Friends tnj acquaintances are respect-
fully inrit^d to attend the funeral Monday, j
February K at 8::>0 o'clock, from her late
residence. SSM Twenty-fourth street, thence 1
to -St ism« Churrh. »fc>"re a « 1 lm»n f- |
<j"leni li'.gh mass will »>e celebrate.! for the j
repose cf her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment I
Holy Crof« Crmetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In Berkeley. Februan' *. BO*. I
nilzabTih. b'lovei m.ith^r of Mary F. anJ I
Thomas K. Mcljaujchiln and the late Dr. W.
H. MclAUchlfn. a r.ativ* cf Eng!an3. «sed
vnrt J» months end 1 day.
ESTFriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fulr Invited *o att*-nii the funeral tii-morrow
1 Sunday), nt ll •'<*<«*. from her late reM- j
dence. 1U2S FucllJ avenue. Berkeley. Inter-
ment d-vTcrr Lawn Cemetery, by electric |
fnr.rral funeral oar Jeavint the ferry at 1
12:45 o'clock.
Ili-LEOD — In this city. February 4. 3904.
<ieorse Mcl*od. a r.a'.ive of Inverness. Scot-
lard, ered 73 years <i months and 1!» days.
luyFriend* «nd acq-jalntances are resix-ct-
fui'y irjviltd to sttenJ the funeral to-day
( Saturday >. at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
""emr'.e, 'corner of Post and Montgomery
greets, under the aiitrie** of Excelsior
Lodge No. 1«J6. F. and A. M. Cremation
Odd F«:1owf' Om«>t«ry. Remains at th«
funeral rariurs «>f Hunker & I.unt. 26'.W Mis-
sion Ktr** 1 !. l*t»'<*a Twenty-second and ,
T»emy-rtiird.
MrQl'EKX — In this city, February 4. 1904,
■ John M.. beloved «»-n oT Robert McQueen,
ar.d brother <»f Holjert. Wi!!iam and Jo««eph
-. McQ::o'n and Mr*. A'.ejcander Cannon, a
native of S^otlai;d. e.ged U years.
C7"Frif>ri1f! and ncquaintancf-s are respect-
fulljr m\ited '.>* attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday., at 1 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, ur.der the au)=;»icf* c' TVniplar Jjaipe
So. 17. I. O. O. K. Intermetlt Cypress Lawn
CWJKtery. ty f|»-c-tric car from Eighteenth
snd Guerrero streeu.
JTKTN— In this city. I>bruary 5. 1904. Wil-
liam M.. beloved hus=l>and of Me;n.
father "* trtUtain Jr., Edna. Nova. Charles".
S-adie and Ida Mcyn. son of P«-ter and the
!Pte Rtbecc.-i M*-yi:. and b-other of Henry j
Moyn. a native of San rrancisoo. aged 41 ;
years 10 months and 2i- day?.
CT'Frwnds anJ aen«alntaoc«a «re respect- |
July invited to attend the funeral te-morrow j
(Saadftjrt. February 7. at L':S<» o'dork, from
i!ie Darlors of H. F. Bute &• Co.. 11.I7 Ml»- |
f=ion ftrt^t. 1>etween Seventh and Eighth. 1
where service? will be l-.Hd uni«r the aus- I
j4i^-es of «>li»..rniH Harior Not I. X. S. «.
W". Interment M»un« «»live« Cfaatttrjr by I
♦•iectric funeral ijr from EiKhtrentli and I
<Juerr»»rr> s?r<iet." i .
Tf> the Members cf Ci.li'ornia Parlor No. 1. N. !
8. G. W. — You are recue!<ted tu attend th» i
funerfcl cf our !ate brother. William M. j
Meyn. on Sundny, February 7. at 2 o'clock, j
irom Puhr's I'ndf-rtski'iv: Parlors. 1137 Mis-
sion Ftrwt. T. E. HAILKY. President.
CHAHLE5 A. BOLDK1ANX. Secretary.
MOORE— In th'.s city. February 5. VMH. Char-
lotte Moor", b'lov^d mother of iln. T4. E.
Mother, lira. J. A. CnderidU. Mrs. W. Z.
Kirc find Clement Wilder, t native of New
Ycrk. acfd 7ti yrar« 10 months and 5 days.
C7Fum-ral Funday. February 7. !«►!. at
1 :'Mt o'clock. from Emmanuel Bajitlsrt
«'hurch. on Uartlftt I'ti^et. fcetwt-«-n Tw»-iity-
« e titrt and Twenty-second, uhere nej-vi'-eti will 1
be lield. Interment Muunt <J!ivet Ctmetery. 1
I'V carriage.
NEWMAN— la th!« city. February 4. 1904.
John, beloved eon of EJIen and the late
Thoma* Newman, a native of Portland. Ore.,
ag«*1 1(» yf-arT 5 month? and 13 day*.
C^Th'* Jur.eral will take place to-morrow J
<Sundajv. at U» o'cl(K-k. from the funeral
parlors of JJanker & I^int. 2(AM> Mi?5ii-n
ftnTt, rx?tw«-fn Twentv-second and fBaaty*
thiixl. lnt'rmor.t Holy Cross Cemetery.
PIKPHR— In th'.s city. February 4. 1904.
Iibulse Pi«-D<»r. he'oved wife of Lecn Pieper.
and daughter cf the !at«. Frederick end Car-
oline Schmidt, a native of L'.ppe-Detmolil.
Germany, aged 80 y«-ais » tnunths and -4
days.
C^Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday). at 1O:4I> o'clock. Irom the
funeral xjarlors of the H. F. Maass Company.
917 Mission street. Interment «"ypr»ss Ijwn
Cemetery via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. #
riNHIERO— In lhi» c!ty. Februsn' t>. 1904.
Manuel d<- Ron Pinhiero. only child of
Manuel and Mary l'mhiero. a native of San
Francteco.
IT^Kriends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 717
' 'lurk street. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
REDEMETER— In Ukiah. January 31. 19M.
A. F. Redeme;.-*T, beloved hufband of the
lat» Lydia Redemeyer. and father of Luther.
John, Otis. May and Emm* Ilcd«"mey«r, a
native nt «>rnnany. aged 75 years 3 months
and 6 days.
ROCCATAGLIATO— In this city. February 5.
:ao4. U lity-catagliato, a native of Italy,
ag-ed 73 year*.
KOSSI— Id thi« city. February 4. 1904. An-
tone. dearly beloved son of Francesco ar.d
Jlosie Hosal. and beloved brother of Mary
and J.ouise Rossi, a native of san Francls-
co. aged '27i years and 4 montba.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunaay,
February 7. 1804. at 1 o'clock, from the
undertaking oarlors of lacclieri, Duclot &
Co.. 62» Broadway. Interment Italian Ceme-
fry- Please omtt Bcwt-n.
BORE- la this city. February 5. 1904, Rich-
ard Howf, beloved Bun of Margaret and the
late Thomas II. Rowe, a native of San
Francisco, aged C yean and S days.
RUTHERFORD — In the City and County Hot-
1 pita!, February £». 3004. Annie RuthVrford,
a native of New Ycrk, aged 2» years.
SHERMAN — In thi« city. February 4. 1904
• James Sherman, a native of Chicago aged
K« years.
CTFrJenda and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to ater.d the funeral servlcea
Saturday. February 6, 1904, at 10:30 o'clock
rrorn the t;ndertak!r.r parlon cf Charles J
B. Metzler. C36 Washington street. Inter-
ireat Mount Olivet Cemeterj*. by 11:30
o'clock train.
6TEVENEON — la Lfrermore, February 4 1904.
Jchn Stevenaon. beloved busbasd cf Sarah
Stevenson, and father of William Le Che.
Elizabeth and John Stevenson, and step-
father cf Floyd D. Williams, a native of
I^iverpooL England, aged es years and 8
months. ■
C7FTienda aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
cf California Lodge No. I. F. and A. M .
irom Kin* Solomon's Mall. Masonic Tem-
ple. San Francisco. Please omit flowers.
SCHCL.TZE— In this city. February 2. 1904
fx5Ui« Schultie. father of Mrs. R. Smith and
Edward Bchultze. a native of Germany aged
CO vears.
E7"Fr:ends and acquaintance*, also Crock-
ett Lodge No. 13S». F. and A. M.; Keneca
Tribe No. 104, I. O. It. M.; Seneca Council
No. 44. D. of P., I. O. R. M.: Bartenders-
international Le?rue, Loral 41; Women's Re-
<l!ef Corps No. 21. W. R. C: Seven Plnea
• 'ircle No. 3, Ladies of G. A. R. ■ and Ja*nes
' A- Garfield Post No. 34. G. A. R.. it -e re-
"■ *p*ctf ully invited to attend the funeral Sun-
' Amy. February 7. at 1 o'clock, from ,Wa?hir.g-
tr»n-Fiuare Hail, corner Stockton and Union
Kti-eetp, whcr» Ben-ices will be held. Re-
cretatns at parlors of E. Castagnetto & Co.
>;.::< Valiejo street. Interment National
Cemetery, Presidio.
f-TUATTON— At hU residence. 1834 San Jose
.-.-. *>nu^. Alameda, Cal., Cornelias Allen
• Hi-Jttoo. on Wednesday. February 3, 15*04.
E^Fun-ral and Interment crivate Febru-
Tl 1.I.MAN— In th'.i city. February 8. 1904
r;iiral»cth, belovc-d wife of Theodore Tillman,
tiascbter of Mary and the late Joseph Rosel
vcar. and Finer of Mrs. William Kanelakis
rrH John and Joseph Tillman. a native of
Australia, aged 23 years 4 months and 10
daya.
WIIXH'EBEH- In L*ti>*le. Germany. January
12. 1&04. t^cphie Willweber. wife of Carl
'"riodricli Willweber. and dearly beloved
toother of Max. litrnhard, Henrj', Carl and
Otto Willweber and the late Caroline and
Adele VUlweber. a*:cd 61 years 9 months
and rs days.
WILSOX— In Berkeley. February 4, lfl04. Char-
lotte E.. beloved wife of the late L. c. Wil-
ton, end mother of Mrs. Nettie Todhunter
and Mrs. Frankie Harris Muir, a native of
Mccton. Ohio, a*red C9 yeara 11 months and 2
days. (Gait and Sacramento papers pleaee
<*pr.)
• cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral cervices to-
day (Saturday). February C. at 2 o'clock, at
the parlors of the Wewtern Addition Funeral
Directors. 1721 Devisadero rtrret, between
Gutter and Ruth. Interment Ilicksville. Cal..
• to-morrow (Sunday; on arrival of train leav-
luf far. Francifeco at 6:30 o'clock a. m.
FINIGAN SUES
HIS ATTORNEYS
Tnrns Lawyer and Brings Ac
tion Against the Men He
Employed to Defend Him
SEEKS TO RECOVER LAND
Claims Defendants Refuse to
Return Berkeley Property
Pledged to Secure Bill
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 5.
Acting as his own attorney. Colonel
P. A. Finigan to-day b»»gan a suit
against James P. Sweeney and George
N. Williams, the attorneys that he em
ployed several years ago to defend him
in a divorce action instituted against
him by his second wife. Finigan al
leges that he and his daughters deed
ed the attorneys a piece of property
at Dwfjjht way and Ellsworth street
in Berkeley to secure them their fee
of J300. which he was then unable to
pay. and that they have since refused
to turn over the property to him.
Finigan's troubles have been many.
He is not an attorney, but his connec
tion with suits within the last few
years has given him the knowledge
necessary to draw up a complaint. 'His
second wife in 1S9S secured a divorce
from him after having spent, accord
ing to Finigan. over $100,000 of his
money, and he became famous when
he served a term of imprisonment in
the San Rafael jail for refusing to pay
the alimony awarded by Judge Angel
lotii.
He has been in the courts ever since.
The piece of property at present in
litigation is said to be worth about
520.000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. February 6.
Orel M. and Anita Goldaracena to G«ra!d
J. Fitzcihbon. lot nn N line cf Kutter street,
W:S W of Laiktn. W Xi by N 12»; Jlo.
Frank A. Smith to Emma M. Smith, lot on
K line of Uiguna street, f>7:« S of Ilairht,
E K:« by S •£.,; »lo.
trunk M. tJrrenwood to Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company, lot on S line of Hayes street,
127:0 W of Burhanan. W 25:3r, by S 12<»: $10.
- Louis and Lurha Hcu.ser to George A. Shaw,
lot on S line of McAllister street, 137 •»! K of
Flllraore. E XI :•> by S 137:H; SH).
. «'aiifornia Safe Ucpodt and Trust Company
to Mary M. Sharp, lot ou S line of Hayes
Mreet. 1«>C::{ K ol Steir.er, K 25 by P 137:6:
$10.
Richard W. and Joseph V. Cofitello to George
Stierlen Comjiany. Jut on N line of Halrht
street. 30 W of Pierce, W .17 :« by N K7:rt; $1<>.
Fred-rick Fill.-nore to Josepb V.. Krar.c-is J.
sn.i Rici-arJ W. CoMWl.i. lot on N line of
Halght sireet. 192 :« \V of Devteadero. W 27 «
by 137 :C; $li».
E. 1.. and Josf-^hine R. Hoeg to Merton P.
Prkt\ lot on S line <>f Page street. 116:3 W
of Masonic avenue. W 2S. S *..• -rt B 10 v
12:6. K li, N 12i: J1D.
i?ame to Frank <5. Andrew*, lot on S line of
P&K<? street. 141:3 W of Masonic avenue W
iS by S 137:6; flu.
James W. Coohrane Compsny to Antonio
Cuneo. lot «>n S line of Sacramento street,
37:t> E of Locust, E iio by 8 100; $10.
Caroline M. and C. W. Hansen to Emerson
Corville. lot on S line of Th!rt»enth street.
i:k).uo2 E of Fol^om, E 25. '.»M, S 80 513 W
25. N Mt.944; *!<•.
Victorine 21. Meeker to Jeannette A. and
France* V. Mwker. lot on S line of Twenty
first street. 75 E of Shotwrll E 47:G by S »5;
Kitt. -
Vlctorine M. Meeker to Jtannette A. Meeker
rt al., lot on SE corner of Twenty-first and
Shotwell Ftrtets. S W by E 73; also lot on NW
line of Hryant street. H2:« SW of Fifth. SW
63 by NW 137:6. and lot on NE line of Sixth
avenue. 223 SE of B Mreet. S 75 by NE 100
block 1CS. South Han Francisco Homestead:
Klfl.
Sarah B. Mt-lnne to Michael O'Connor, lot on
N15 corner >f Sixteeuth and lenders streets.
N 71: IS N of M degieet<, E 50, S 71 :S, W
ro: »iu.
PetHT Malon»y to Mary Maloney. lot on E
line of Dolores street, 185 N of Twenty-fifth.
N 2S bv E 125; $10.
llibernla Savlnes ar.d Loan Society to Ella
Curtis', lot on NE corner of Twenty-ninth and
Castro streets. E i>r» by N lul:6; $1250.
Theodore G. Cordell to Philip J. and George
P. Kane, lot on N line of Eighteenth street.
£0 W of Diamond. W 24:8 by N 75: $10.
Old People's Home to I>uiRi Nunzlato, lot on
NW corner of Stockton and Chestnut atreets,
N 137:6 by W 80; JhOOO.
Mary and Lisa Heltieber* to Paul Heltze
berg-. ! lot on SW corner of Dodge and Turk
struts, S 07 :C by W 28; S.V
Mary Daly to Herbert E. Law, lot on NW
line fif Minna street, 206 NE Third, NE 43 by
NW SO; $10.
Kuger.e P. and Rosella Connelly to Anna I*
Whlnell (wife of George), lot on NW line of
Jerpfe ttreet, 2S0 NE Sixth, NE 25 by NW
75; *10
Mary L. Tarde-Buller and William H.
Chapman and (as trustee*, successor to E. H.
■\Yakeman) to E. C. Dickinson, lot on NE line
of Ninth street, 120 SE of Harrison, SE DO by
NE J0O; SiOOO.
Ralph K. and Arthur K. Blair to E. C.
Dickinson, lot on NE line of Ninth street. 120
SE of Harrison, SE 60 by NE 100; quitclaim
deed. $10.
Georee T. Wrlffht (guardian of estate of
Mary L. K. B. Yarde-Buller, incorporated) to
E. C. Dickinson, lot on NE line of Ninth street,
120 SE of Harrison. SE 50 by NE 100; $5000.
Charles J. and Theresia C. Pe.terson to G. L.
Fitr. lot on E IIn» of De Haro street, 225 N of
Twenty-third, N 25 by E ICO; $10.
G. L. and Katie L. Fltz to Oscar Heyman
came; $10.
J. Frank "Walters and Marea Walters and
George A. Turner to John F. Sortenfrey, lot
on E line of Thirty-ninth avenue, l.io S of
Clement street. S 60 by E 120; $10.
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Palomaret
Lend Company, lot on W line of Thirty-ftlxlh
avenue. 375 S of Point Lobos avenue, W 202:0,
SB T50. N 133:3: $10.
John A. and Ellen Johnston to Louis Levy,
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 200 N of A
■treet. N 25 by TV 120; $10.
Margaret E. Galllvan to Alexander Foster.
lot on E line cf Thirteenth avenue, 125 N
of N street. N 2» by E 120; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Maud B. Rodgers
fwife cf George D.). lot on S line of Q street,
107:6 E of Forty-third avenue, E 23 by S
100; $10. /
Elizabeth Gladstone to Solomon Getx, lot on
W l'ne of Forty-»eeocd avenue.. 100 S of T
•treet. S 60 by W 120: $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to William
A. McKee. lot en SW line of Glrard street, 100
NW of SiHIman. SW 120 by NW 60, lot 3,
block 15. University Extension; $10.
Antonio and Louisa I. Cuneo to John 3.
Cureo. lot on NW line of Arlington street.
75 NE of Miguel. NE 25 by NW 100, block
M. Falrmount; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Charles H. Balzer.
lot r,n NE line of Twenty-first avenue. 75 NW
of K street, NW 25 by NE 100, lot 15. block
403. South San Francisco Homestead and Rall
rcad Ar*oc!r.t!on: S10.
Patrick W. Rioidan to Anna D. Joost, lot
4, block I, Belle Roche City; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Charles H. and Mary F.
GiMt, lot on NW line of Camlno Real, 055
NE of Jnrnsc etrest, NT.' — . NW NE
CO. SE 12C, SW 60, lot 4, block 1, Belle Roche
City; $10.
Ella and George D. Mayle to William" J.
Hammond.*, lot on E line r.f Patton street
17« N of Highland avenue. N 30. FK 110-3
K 15:1. W 108:3. lot 43, block 2. Holly Park*
$10. V
George D. and Mrs. S. A. Dornin to George
Burse, lot 6, block 114. University Homestead
Association: $10.
George Burte to Gustaf F. Hammar. lot on
NE corner of Mansell and University streets
NE 120 by NW loo. lot 5, block 114, Univer
sity Homestead Association; $10.
Alfred and Katarina W. Olsan to Oscar Hey
rr.an, lots 1 to .*, block J, Park Lane tract '•
*10. •
Oliver D. Tohin to Wilson Mizner, estate of
Robert Tobln: $10.
Odd Fellows Cemetery Association to Thoma«
L. Elliot, lot in cemeterj" $131.
Huilders' Contracts.
Elizabeth Murray ( owner) with A. J. Hazel
( contractor), architect C. S. McNulty Altera
tions and additions to make a three-Etory
Irame building on let on E line of San Carlos
avenue. S 25 by E 7ff. Mission block 07, 2iy
San Carlos avenue: $2575. .
Frank J. and" R. E. Splalne (ownere) with
A. M. Wallen (contractor), architect M J
Welsh — AH work for a throe-story frame build
ing, concrete foundations (store and flats) on
lot oc N line of Twenty-fourth street 50 W
0.' Florida. W 25 by N 104; $6300.
Henry Ern»t (owner) with A. H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey— Ail
work except- mantels, shades, gas fixtures
painting and plumbing for a four-story frame
building (four fiats) on lot on S line of Hayes
ftr**, 127:0 W of Laguna, W 27:0 bv 8 ii'0;
S7410*
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 6. 1904.
OVERDUE SHIP ST. MIRREN
REACHES PORT IN SAFETY
Coal-Laden Britisher "Which 'Was Reinsured for Thirty
Per Cent and Whose Non-Appearance Was Occasion
for Grave 'Anxiety Arrives From Australian Port
THE AMERICAN* BRIG GALILEE. WHICH RECENTLY MADE THE RUN TO WASHINGTON ISLAND IN
STEAMSHIP TIME AND BROKE ALL THE: RECORDS FOR THE 3000-MILE VOYAGE, MAKING THE
PASSAGE IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Those interested in the British ship
St. Mirren were surprised and delighted
yesterday afternoon when the overdue
Britisher bobbed up over the horizon.
She was ten miles out at § o'clock and
reached port too late to pass quaran
tine. The St. Mirren left Newcastle,
Australia, 117 days ago with a cargo
of particularly dangerous coal. It was
the same kind of coal that caused the
destruction of the British ships Frank
istan and Fannie Kerr. It has a repu
tation for peculiar susceptibility to
spontaneous combustion. Always dan
gerous, its inflammable tendencies in
crease with the length of its stay in
the ship's hold. It has burst into
flames within forty-five days of being
placed aboard ship.
When the St. Mirren had been out
nearly 100 days the anxiety of those in
terested in her increased, and although
reinsured at only 30 per cent her
chances of safety were considered very
Elim. ; • '
She har. arrived, however, and Cap
tain Skimmon's report of the passage is
awaited with interest by the marine
underwriters. There was considerable
speculation on the St. Mirren, a large
sum being invested "not to arrive."
Those that bought at 10 per cent and
sold out when the rate reached 30 per
cent more than doubled their money,
but the many who held on in the hope
of a further advance saw their invest
ment disappear with the appearance in
apparently good condition of the St.
Mirren.
The Galilee's Record Run.
Nearly 3000 miles as the crow files is the dis
tance from this port to Washington Island.
*As a sallies vessel would go. the distance is
much ereater. accord inir* to how far tfft the
straight course the varying direction of the
wind compelled the vessel to tack. Tho bn<
Galilee has Just made the run from here to
Washington Island In fifteen days. Had she
sailed a straight courFe her averase dally run
would have been nearly 200 miles. She prob
ably did much better, although fair winds
must have been the rule. This is the record
for this trip, and is better time than many
steamers could have made. The Galilee Is a
vessel of 32!t tons register. She. wan built
thirteen years aro at Benlcla by Matthew
Turner, and is one of the very few brigs on
this coast.
American Ship Holds Record.
Now come the friends of the famous old ship
Glory of the Fcas and takn strenuous objection
to th« fierir.an ship Optima's being credited
with havlns broken the record of the passage
from hfre to Newcastle. Australia. The Optima
recently made the trip In thirty-seven day».
The Glory- of tho Seas, it now appears, made
the run in 1S71 In thirty-five days. The
American shii» Hv/allov.-, the American bark
Elwood Cooper and the British ship Alahabad
each madf> the run In thirty-nine days. Tho
pace set In Ib71 by the Glory of the Seas has.
never, been «qua!cd. Tho German ahlp
Optima holds second place.
Minute, Guns Boom.
Minute guns were fired yesterday from the
heights of Yerba Ilucna'by gunners from the
niivai training station, as part of* the , navy's
official token of respect to the memory of the
late Wililam C. Whitney, once Secretary of
the Navy.
British Sealer's Catch.
The schooner B<»rtle Miner, which arrived
yesterdayvat San Pedro, from • Eureka, reports
having spoken the British sealing schooler
Caeco on January 31. The. sealer reported
havinr 20 skins.
Water Front . Xotes.
The steamer Argyll, Captain Gllboy, arrived
yesterday, nine days and five hours from
Kahulul. She came up In ballast.
The Italian cruiser , Puglla yesterday com-
menced taking coal, in preparation for her
early departure for the Orient.
The army tram-port Logan Is expected to
arrive here Tuesday nffrht or Wednesday morn
ing. On account of nicknegs on board «he may
be detained In quarantine.
The bar wan breaking yesterday and the
departure of . the fleet of deep-water, ships
ready for sea was again postponed.
NITVYS OF TIIK OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners anil
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship William TiUie was cleared
yesterday for Melbourne, Australia,' with 1.
572,502 feet lumber and fifty cases of whisky,
valued at !."2.'r>0.
Exports for the North.
The steamer UmnUlla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo,
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports. The cargo
as manifested rr> to :t p. m. wa-s valued at
$K>,421 and included the following:
Eleven hundred and sixty-two pkgs fresh
fruits, 12S pkgs fresh vegetables, 737 gala
wine. 13 pkffl rante, 343 lbs cheese. 500O "lbs
dried fruit, 24 pkgs gmcerlca and provisions,
2220 lbs chocolate. 1000 lbs ineale, ISO lbs
coffee, 8 bbls baking powder. 47 cas*-s eggs,
42.'t2 lbs beans, 2<Vi Ins hams. 12 r>kgs drum", So
Jackets syrup, B54 lb« hopn, IScO lbs raisins,
54.3iV» lb« malt. 22S4 lbs potash. 12 cases arm*
and ammunition, 30 bd!s and flo pes boiler
tubes. 4 pkgs paints and oils, 24.140 lbs as- 1
phaltum, 703 lbs leaf tobacco, 10O boxes run
riles. 13 bales twine, 6010 feet hardwood, 11)03
feet lumber.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The bark Andrew Welch sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued ct J20.211 and Including the following:
105 bbls flcrr, 75 ctls barley, SOI ctls corn,
305 ctls wheat. H901 bales hay. 27,."00 lbs bran.
13.712 lbs middlings. 472 pals and 37 cases
wine, 100 rasks bottled beer, 1200 lbs meal,
2100 lbs coffee, 10 pkgs baking, powder, 4 cases
bread, 119 pkgs groceries and provisions. 4
cases canned goods. 70 j>cs and 1 bdl steel,
025 bars and 133 bdls iron. 20 carboys acid, 40
pkgs lubricating oil, 5 cases benzine, 3 drums
gasoline. .1 cyls gas, 177 cases ammunition,
10. pkgs paint, 210 kegs lead 4J5 cases alcohol
1287 lbs seed, 22 cases boots find shoes. 57,000
bricks, 5400 lbs soda, 1 cas«s. electrical sup
plies. 31 pkgs cordage, 304 pkgs rallroart ma
terial, 28<l pkgs paper, 19 pkgs paper bags,
150 cases soap, 20 cases drugs.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Pu'jliahed by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
llw city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes .later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 0.
Sun rises ." 7;10
Sun sets . r i:.".S
Moon rises... •.' 11:38 p. m.
O ITimel ~~Tlme }Time| Time ■
« i Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft. — — Ft.
• |II W| L 'W ill W| L W «
0 3:0SI B.5 0:20 'l.<! • > 5:.'?4 4.4 0:121 J.5
7 3:.^! 5.5 10:27 1.4 4:4« 3.9 I0:os 2.1
8 4:50 r,.rill::!7 1.2 0:12 S.K 11:08 2.5
0 5:47 0.6 12:50 0.7 7:321 3.7 |
L W II \VJ. J- Wl II Wl
]0 0:14- 2.0 0:401 5.4 1 :49| 0.4 S:4|l S.S
It 1:171 . 3.0 7:41| 5.5 2:40[ 0.1 0:421 4.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the. left
hand column and the successive tldea of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day; except when there are but three tides, as
•ometlmcs occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts except when a minus < — )
Elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given it subtracted from . the depth given by.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low water*. -
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraphlc Office, U. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
, February 5, 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. £t noon of, the < 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich ttme.: ? J. C. BURNETT, •
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. j Due.
Xewburg 'Gray* Harbor [Feb. «
Eureka jHumboidt .Feb. «
Qu«?en I Turn Pound Torts |Feb. 6
Sar-ta Cruz Newport & Way I'orts.JKeb. »'.
Snn Pedro jHumholdt |Ffb 6
la«iua iHumboldt IF.b. fi
Olympic [Ran ivdro |Feb. 6
Arcata ...Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordjFeb. 7
Chas. Nelson.. Portland & Astoria I Feb. 7
tvin Mateo Tacoma |Feb. 7
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma iFeu. 7
Texan Xew York via Corone!. Feb. 7
Sequoia Gray I Harbor (Feb. 7
Tltania..., 'Xanalmo JFeb. 7
TelhiH....* Oyster Harbor IFeb. S
Ccntratla Grays Harbor IFeb. a
State of Cal ;.San Die>;o ,& Way Pts.iFeb. X
J'omona Jlumboldt IFeb. S
Pynso 1 Point Arena & Albion. .| Feb. 0
North Fork. .. .] llumboldt (Feb. 9
S. Karhara iS»attle.& Olympla IFeb. U
G. W. Elder. ..[Portland & Astoria IFeb. »
M-ra Seattle (Feb. 9
S.Monica Crays Harbcr. . . ; [Feb. 9
Saa Jvte j NVw York v,la Panama. |Feb. 10
Cooa May San Pedro * Way Pts..!Feb. 10
Elizabeth Coquille River ...JFeb. 10
Coronii jllumboldt IFeb. 11
Wyefldd Xannimo 'Feb. 11
Chehalls Kan Pedro IFeb. 11
II. Dollar :x«n Pedro ..!Feh. 11
Rival iWIIlapa Harbor JFeb. 11
City Putbla... JPuget Sound Ports .Feb. 11
Nevadan 'Honolulu & Kahulul. . .iFeb. 11
Pclnt Arena... iMendoclno & Pt ArenalFeb. 11
Hantn Rosa San Diego & Way Pts.JFeb. It
Chlco .Coquille River iFeb. 12
Rainier ISeattle & Whatcom IFeb. 14
Claverlng Hongkng v. MnnzarilllolFeb. IS
Alameda Honolulu • Feb.' 16
ITinatlUa Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1«
China jChina & Japan Feb. 16
TO SAIL. —
Steamer. Destination. Sails. >ier.
February 6. '
Arctic Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Newport n. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPier 40
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena A ildcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pmlPler It
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmjPler 2
February 7. I
S. Rosa 5a n Diego & Way. 9 amlPler It
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier b
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 amjpier 11
Oregon Astoria & Portland It am Pier 24
C. Nelson... ilos Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
I February 8. |
Xewbnrg.;..; Grays Harbor 4 pmiPler 10
Central!a....iLos Angeles Ports. 10 an. Pier 10
Eureka :IIumboldt 12 m Pier IS
G. Lindauer.|Astoria & Portland Pier —
• . February 9.
S. Cruz Xewport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd|12 m Pier 13
February 10. i
Gaelic China & Japan.... [ 1 pm[PIer 40
Queen....... Puget Sound Portsllt amIPier 9
Sequoia..... [Grays Harbor ..I 4 pmlPier 20
San Pedro... (Humboldt .'. ..|10 am|Pier 2
Pomona 'Humboldt .' Jl:30p|Pier U
I February 11. j. 1
: Centennial.. Peattle *■ Tacoma. | . ff pmf Pier *»0
Maripo5a....|Tah!th direct 11 amjPier 7
Ventura... ..Sydney A. Way Pts. 2 pm'Pler 7
1'omo Pt. Arena & Albion H pmlpier "
State Cat.... San DIcbo & Way. 0 ami Pier 11
February 12. I
G. TV. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
i;* m *>ur K & Way. 2 pmlPler ID
North Fork. Humboldt fi pmlPler "0
Elizabeth... Coquille Rlvrr..... C pmlPler 2
February 13. j
City Para... X Y. via Panama. 12 mlPier <0
Rival:...... Wlllana Harbor... | 4 pmlPlrr 20
Coos Eay San Pedro & Way.l 9 amlPler 11
' February 14. \ , I
S. Barbara.. [Seattle & OJymnla 4^pm'pier 2
February 5 15. , | ■ . -
City Puebla. JPuget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 9
„• February 16. |
Chlco '•• 'Coqulllo' River. .... 6 pmlPler 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. • For. I Sails..
Bertha. ;...\.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.iFeb. 10
Farallon.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 12
Dtrigo..- iSkagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 10
Santa Ana . . . . JCooks Inlet & Way Pts.JFeb 18
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday. February 5.
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. 9 days 5 hours from
Kahulul. '■-...■• 11 «1frl | l" .^MWIV'miHiJf^ul
stmr Asuncion, Bridgett, 35 hours from Re
dondo.
FIGHTS WOLVES
IN THE WATER
British Columbian Attempts
to Cross a Lake and Is
Attacked by Savage Beasts
HOUNDS IN THE BATTLE
Vigorous Use of an Ax Saves
the Life of a Miner of
the Turtle River Region
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 5.—Alex
ander Morrissey, a miner of Turtle
River, near Dauphin, had a thrilling
experience with a pack of wolves while
crossing: Round Lake, an arm of Lake
Manitoba. . "While a considerable dis
tance from shore he was surrounded
and attacked by twelve or fifteen fero
cious animals, and he says he posses
ses no language capable of describing
the battle.
At the time Morrissey had with him
two hounds and an ax, and had it
not been for these, he says, there is no
doubt at all that he would have been
torn to pieces by the wolves. The
hounds fought hard, and one of them
was killed in the encounter.
Morrissey claims to have done great
execution with his ax, and more than
one wolf died, while others were badly
wounded.
Stmr Corona. Nocander, 21 hours from Eu- '
reka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 44 hours from San
FrMsy. February 5.
Stmr UmatiK.i, Patterson. Victoria and Port
Townsi'nd; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Santa Kosa. Alexander. San Diego; Pa
cific Coast Steanii'hiD ComDany.
Br shin Sir liohfit F«>mi<». Sanders, New
castle, N S W; Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Br shlo William Tillle. Grlcor. Sydney:
Eddy Falk and American Trading Company.
Br bark Invercoe, Keith, Newcastle, N S \V;
.Balfour. Guthric & Co.
Stmr Noyo. Jchnson, Kureka.
Tug Daunti^s, Sjca, Kureka.
U S stmr Dlx. Ankers. Portland.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. Pan Pedro.
Stmr l.'matllla. Patterson, Victoria and Puget
Stmr W H Kniiter. Ahlin. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Mc«s Landing.
Stmr Moruara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr t.hico. Martin, Bar.don.
Stmr Cofjuillf River. Sa^Tord. Crescent City.
Fr ship Vcntlee, Beiidon, Noumea, New Cal
edonia.
Br hark Invercauld. Jackson. Newcastle,
Berk Andrew Welch. Drew. Honolulu.
Brig W G Invin. llan:=en. Kochr Harbor.
Sthr John K Miller. Har«en. .
Schr Defiance. Saletzke. Kalrhaven.
Schr Albeit Meyer. Johnson. Port Antf-le»
. OCTS1DE. BOUND IN.
Br *hio St. Mlrren. schr Deff nJer and »chr
POINT LOBOS. Fen 5, li»"p m— Weather
clear; wind north; velocity 12 miles, per hour;
EL REKA
SPOKEN,
Feb 4. S:."«> a m— 10 miles SW of Farallone*.
double torsallant yard bark bound to San Fran
cisco.
Jan S— I~it .".1 8, Ions 62 W. Br.ship Iqulque
■ fiem LHth for Honolulu.
j Per s'-hr Mertit- Jiinor. Jan ::i— SI. 27 N.
124. ;!1 W. Br Maim-: ahr Cascu, »uh -O
sealskins.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTi.T.A— Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Creen
'trood. from Caspar.
Sailed Frh 4 — Stmr TVhittier, for San Fran
c!s:o. 5 — Stmr Greenwood, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 5— Schr Susie M
j Plumper. Irom San Pedro: *chr Annit '.arsen,
I from Snn Dleso. .
• Sali.d Feb i— Stmr Etlith. for San Fran
j Cisco; Br bark Nile, for Valuariso.
; ANACORTKS— Sailed Feb 4— Schr Golden
Short-, for San Francisco.
j TATOOSH— P*F?eii in Feb 5— Ship Glory of
I the Sep.«. herce Jan 'J.! for J>adysmHh; schr
j <)\f;a. rrom TooolobamDO. for l'ort Townyend;
Bclir W H Smith, hence Jan 20. for Port Town
send; fhin J B Thomas, from Honolulu, for
Port Townsend.
Parsed in Feb StmV Le?lanaw, hence Feb
2. for Taecma; bris Geneva, hence Jan 20, for
Port Harllock.
1'apwed nrt Feh .V— Stmr San Mateo, from
I Taooma. for San Francisco.
Parwd out Feb 5— Stmr Centennial, from
I S?nttle for San Kranc!«co.
j ASTORIA— Arrived Feb i>— Stmr Despatch.
j hence F«_b '2.
Arrived 1-Vb '< — G-r ship Masdalene. hence
■ .Tan IS: xciir Commerce, from liedondo; achr
; Virginia, henc Jan 27.
Sailed Feb 5 — Stmr Anrelia, for San Fran-
I cfsco; Ptmr Francis H ■ I>eKsntt, for San
I Francisco: »tmr Ohas Nel«>-«n. for Pan Pedro.
: NEA1I EAY— In ucrt Feb .'►— Pchr Golden
' Shore, from Aracorte? for San Francisco.
! SAN PKDRO-- Arrived Feb 5— schr Lucy,
I from I'mnaur. : schr Louise, from Cmpqua;
1 stmr Melville Dollar, frrm Santa Barbara;
I ptmr San Gabriel, from Kureka: schr Bertie
' Miner, from Eureka.
Sailed Feb r,— Schr Bertha Doiheer. for
I Eureka: Pchr Ralrator. for Kverett; sohr Mu
rifl. for Port Townfend.
; EITP.KKA— Arrived Feb S— Schr Jennie
I Stella, hence Jan 27: strar Phoenix, hence F'b
I 2: 4lH — stmr laqua. hence Fell U; stmr Eureka.
i hence Feb ;!.
i Arrived Feb 5 — Tug Dauntless, hence Feb 4. ;
I TATOOSII
i Sailed Feb B— Stmr Aberdeen, for Portland; ■
; stmr Corona, for Kan Kranclsco.
i PORT LOS ANG ELLIS— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr
! Whltesboro. for San Francisco. '•
I SAN DJRGO— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Marsh- >
I field, for Han Francisco. >.
REDONDO— Arrived Ffb 5— Pchr Columbia,
from Ballard.
I ISLAND POUTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 4— Schr Robert R
I Hind for Port Townjend; U S stmr Logan, for
San Francisco.- ;
Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr Alameda. hence Jan 30.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 3— Ship S P
Hitchcock, frr.m New York.
SAMARANG— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr M S Dol
lar, for Honckons.
SYDNEY — Arrived Feb 4 — Br ship Levern
i bank, hence Dec 12.
! GIBRALTAR— Passed Feh 4 — Br itmr Shl
; mc?a, from New York for Singapore and Ma-
SHIELDS— Sailed Feb 4— Br ship Carnarvon
Ear, for Pert Los Angeles.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Baa Jose,
for San Francisco. !l'~"_
S\NT\ ROSALIA — Arrlv«d Jan 23 — Schr
Omefra, hence Dec 23, to sail about Feb S for
* AUS- Arrived Feb 4— Schr
Minnie A Caine, from Sydney, to load for
Honolulu
VICTORIA, B C— Palled Feb &— Br «tmr
Aroongt. for Sydney, via Honolulu; ship Glory
of the Seas, at quarantine, hence Jaa 23, for
Ladysmlth.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 0 — Stmr Llsrurla,
from Genoa.
Sailed Feb R— - Stmr Corinthian, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Cetlrlc.
from New York.
LEGHORN— Arrived Feb Ct— Stmr Calabria,
from New York. . ■
GLASGOW — Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr Pomer
anian, from Boston.
ALEXANDRIA— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Ro
mance, for Boston.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Feb 5 — Stmr Cym
ric. 1 from Liverpool for Boston.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pap;e Fifteen.
.Do Bs IIS — Do stmpd. — 109
IN P C It 5*. — — S P B R 68.1.34U —
X C U R 3s. — 114 S V W «s.lO7 107H
N C r C r.». — 100 Do As 2dm. 00>, 8 —
N S R R 5s.lOO — Do 4s 3dm. 09 —
O O L&H .is.lOS — . Stkn G*E 6s — 100
O W gtd Os. — 09 iU G & E 5«. — 106
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa ZSY a 4t (Port Cost*.. — —
Marln Co... — 65 IS V W Co. ZS% 33
GAS AND. ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4 S F G & E. 5B»J —
Mutual EL.— 12i« Stkn O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... KH ST(i U Q & E. — 39
Sac E G & ,R — — I -
: TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFQ&E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Am Ntl'-Bk. — ,430 |L P & A... — U0
Anglo-Cal .. S9«i 02 Mer Trust... — 250
Bank of Cal.'— 440 Merch Ex... — . —
Car Safe Dp. — 140 Is F Nationl. — — -
S-irst Nationl i~ffelaB
SAVINGS BANKS. . ,
Ger S & U - 2300 8a* * L So. - 100
Hum S & U — — P-c Sav Rk. — 430
Mutual Sav. 100 — L"n;cn T Co. — —
S F Sav .U.620 Oil SpyfiS
STREET KAILROAD3.
California ..10754205 | Presidio .... — *Z%
Giant 61»4 6S'i!Vi?orlt **',T- : l
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — IKIlaueaSC. — »
Hawaiian C. 44% 4.V* [Makawell C. — »
Honokaa SO— 11 jOnomea 5Ci< 2»
Hutch S P C SU S?;iraau?iau S C — *»
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.1CO% — 'Oceanic S C 5 —
Cal F C A. 9» 9" J * Pac Aux M. 5 —
Cal Wine A. — 93 I Pac C Bone. 157 _-• .-_
Momics Session.
Board — ■"•''- : .««» .•
10 AUak* Packers' A»soc!ation. . .133 78
40 Oceanic S S Co 3 W>
$6,000 N P C R P. 3 per cent 10f> CO
$5.(100 S P of Arizona (1000) 1O.> 50
$5,000 S P o C Cs (18C3. Series A)... 104 23
Street—
J2.0CO Pae Electric Ry 5 per cent 105 50
*3.000 United Gas & Elect 5 per cent.103 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Association... 140 00
ft S F Gas & Electric 67 00
|9. POO Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent 105 50
$5.0CO S F & S J V 5 ser cent 118 50
S20.CC0 S P Cal 1st ccn 5s (stamped).. 103 "5
Street—
$5,000 S P of C 6s O'JOS. Serte» A) 101 23
r*t Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Aflk. Bid. As*.
Bay CPC 6». 05 100 Sun T&T 6s. — 115
I Bl I, W «». — 12^ Do Cs 102 Vi —
j SF Drydk 53.10ft 112^ Suttr-st R3«.1C5 11.1
, SF & NT r.=s. UO^i — XRR of SF4s 80'i 80%
S P Co 4L s. OS —
• MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co — -•* fNat Ek ofPO
i Am BiscuitC — SOU! Mills & Co.30O —
i Cal Cot Mills — 05 (Xev Nat Bk.W7*i —
• Cal G&E cor. 40 — |X S R II 10 —
! C Jockey Clb 90 120 ,'X Cal P Co. »\ —
' cal Pivdr C.l-'O — Oak T Con.. 60 —
! Cnl Ship Co. 10 — llOOF Hall A 5'a —
I Cal TUT. — 155 , iOrpheum Co. — 16%
I Cent Bk. Oak CO — I Pac S Tel Co — 105
I Chutes Co .. 7>4 — jParafflne PC "0 —
City & C Bk — 112 ! PF Drydk Co 60 —
I E Dyn Co...20O — SF &SJVCoal 20 83
j First Nat Bk !3 Jose W Co — 109
of Oaklnd.120 — IShlpO & Mer
I Fischer's Thr — 2V»! Tugboat Co — 1B3
| Frnch-A BklCO 107V. 1 Swiss- A Dk.114 —
i Has Con A.. M<i 21 Truc!c B Co. — 13
Hono P Co.. « l<Hi CR InvC pfd 45^ —
! Lcn& SF Bk — .'.S Do com ... 10'fc —
Mat Nav Co. — 9o
Jfornins Session.
$3.0)0 S F & N P Ry 5 per cent Ill 00
$10. COO United R R of S F 4 per cent.. SO 25
Afternoon Session.
$3,000 P F & X P Ry 5 per cent Ill 00
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 80 25
California Stock andOUExchange
Aimi st . TC . k 7 ;.....!: ™:. *'"*'
Apolio ....•..••••* 45 ««•• ",
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 '"n >
Aztec &-.a
California Standard 12
Caribou 1 «O 1 W
Central Point Con C5 ..-•
Chicago Crude 14 1*
': Claremont 60 ....
J Eap'-rarza ; . 1+5
I FulVon".'. '.'.'.'. '..'.'. I".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. ..'.. «W
i Giant •
i Hanford 145 <"►
• Home • -.'..'* 1.1S16 115
i Impcrfa! .... 17 00
| Independence 14 ....
; Junction r ....
I Kem 4 .25 4 73
I Kern Hirer 13 &•»
! Monarch VoV Arizona) .....'. *40
j Monte Crlsto 75 77 t »
| Occidental of W Va 1"> I 1 *
I Oil City Pitroleum "'■£ 34
"Peerless 13 to
1 PittFburs ....
j Reed Crw!e ." 4 60 ....
• S V & McKittrick ....
'■San Joaquin O & I) ■».... ....
! Senator f-3 ....
i Sovereign 40 ....
: SterKnu : 2 fiO
j Superior C3 <>••
Thirtv-three BOO "•••'»
-.Volte- 19 »
i Twenty -*igh; 4 iO '
Mis>cel!anecus —
j Ahby Land & Imp 130 1»<>
Ala-iwda. Su^ar 2'J •»
American Biscuit ....
American District Tel ....
i »*al -lias «fe Elec Corp.... ...- ....
J «'al:rornla Cotton Mill*
■California Jockey Club .... ....
'California bhipping C,o ....
Cal Title Ins & Tru.st ....
Central Hank of Oakland TOW
J Chutes Company ••-•
: Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... C 25 ....
i Fischer's Theater • «••• j 2 W>
i lias Consumers' A5<=n 21 OO
■ Honolulu Siscar 12 flrt ....
'-. Xorthern California Power. . 0 CO 9 75
: North Shore Railroad ....
1 Orphpum Company 18 0O ....
i Pacific States Tel & Tel.. ; ... ....
. Paraftlne Paint 37 5O < S&**'*?i3 i
I San Francisro Dry Dock... • ....
'Sanitary ReciucUon Works.. 150 2 40
i Sausalitn I^r.d & Ferry .. .... ....
f £ perry Flo-ir Company .... .... ....
: Standard Electric .... ...»
: Trsla Coal Company .... ••••
■ Truck* e Electric .... ...»
• Union Supar .... ••■•
•United Gas &. Electric ..:• - ....
Morning Session.
Board— - v .
1.".00 Occidental 1*
I 5000 Fauna 01
Afternoon Session.
j 100 Pefr*«7b 00 .•» 14 CO
p£?Jining Stocks.
RAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE:
Following were the Mies on the S<in Fraa
j Cisco Sto<-k anil Exchange Board yesterday;
Mornlnjt Stssion.
i Clio Andes 2:{j W Savaw 43
' HX» Caledonia :<SI SOO.Sierra Xer .. 5rt
i 20O Crown Point. 24 1 4l«> Sierra Nev .. .".1
i SO>i Gould & Cur. 40 hhk> Union Con .. 7.1
SOO Mexican 1 T.«> 00O Utah 2"J
J iih> Overman .... .11! HJO Yellow Jacket 47
j 100 Ophir 3 CO,
j Afternoon Session.
i ICO Con C *: Va.l 60, '2V» t>\-erman .... "t
I 1<X» «^ould & Cur. 421 SOO Potosl "»
j SC*t Mexican I 9O\ lfio Sierra Xev .. R7
I 2tX) Mexican 1 r.3 4l.ii Union Con .. 77
J 100 Ophir 3 80 1 600 Utah 11
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
; .Following were the sales on th» Pacific
I Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
BOO Andes 2.1 ( 40O cn-erman .... 33
100 Eelcber 53 COO Sierra Xrr .. ?7
100 Best & Belch.2 00 200 Sierra Xev .. 31
500 Bullion 06 200 Plerra ?>er .. 5^
300 Caledonia .1 PZ^\ 200 Sierra Nev .. 53
ROO Caledonia ...1 COi 1W Sierra Nev .. Hi
30O Con C & Va.l 60' ICO Sierra Nev .. S3
100 Con C & Va.1 63 200 Silver Htll .. «.<*
SOO Exchequer ... It 1<*) Union Con .. 7fi
100 Gould fe Cur. 40 40» Unton Con . . 77
400 Gould & Cur. 42 200 Union Con .. T9
200 Mexican . 155 200 Union Con .. SJ
ICO Mexican ...162% 1 CO Union Con .. 7*
200 Mexican 1 60 -400 Utah 2.»
ICO Mexican ...167Vi 300 Yellow Jacket 43
350 Ophir 3 70
Afternoon Session.
100 Justice OS! 300 Silver Hill .. «T
300 Potosl 19 100 Silver Hill .. 68
100 Sierra Nev .. Ml 100 Union Con .. 81
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Minlns Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnjr Session.
BOO Brunswick .. 08 100 Mont Ton .1 42«i
2000 Esperanza ... 01 4iO Paymaster ... 12
14C0 Evelyn 25 10OO Ray & OBrien 10
400 MacXamara . 1* 2OrtO Rescue 05
260O MacNamara . 1"» 20O Rescue •*'•
136G Mont Ton ..1401 ICO Ton of Nev. 6 0O
Afternoon Session.
400 Evelyn 25! 3no Ton Belmont. 65
BOO MacXamara . l. r > 10CO Ton Exten .. 70
300 Rescue Ct> COO Ton Midway. 4U
SCO Ton Belmont. C6| 400 Ton Midway. 43
CLOSIXO QUOTATIONS*
FRIDAY. Feb. 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bltl.Ask.
.,J na 07 OS: Justice 07 VO
jjjfa ° 7 OS'Kentuck 03 04
Andes Ht EJIJ Ce T«* «ra"- —173
Helcher -j} "^ Lady Wash.. — 07
I?e«t * Belch.l 7o 1 >>.>• Mexican 1 5rt 1 fii>
isuhlon <m °7;Occidental ... 7"» SI
Caledonia ... 00 1 CO Ophir 3 75 3 S>>
Challenge Con Tl 24[O\ernnin .... 32 33
Chollar 19 2f>,Potosl IS n
Confidence ...1 00 1 10, Ravage 45 4*
Con C & Va.l «O 1 C."j Scorpion 02 OS
Con Imperial. 02 iC Segr Belcher.. 07 ffi»
Con NY 04 05 Sierra Nev . . 57 3*
Crown Point. 24 2« Silver Hill .. «5 «*
East Sierra N — t'SJSt Ixtuls 1.1 cu
¥;ureka Con... — SO Syndicate ... 04 Off
Exchequer ... l.» 1CI Union Con .. 7rt 7S
Goold & Cur. 42 4.1 Utah 22 23
Hale & Norc. «7 . 70 Yellow Jacket 43 13
Julia ........ - 03 01,,
TOXOPAlf MINES.
.Bid. Ask. Bid.As'*.
E«peranza ... — 01 Rescue .03* on
Gold Anchor. 18 25 Ton Beimont. &t ««
MacXatnara . 14 1C Ton * Cal... — 23
Mont Ton ..1 35 1. 40 Ton Exten .. 70
N Y Ton .... — 04 Ton r>t Nev. .8 73 6 OO
Paymaster ... 10 12 Ton N Star.. .14 35
Ray Exten . . — 25 Ton Midway. 42 43
Bay-* OBrten — 10 United Ton.. — 13COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I* cll-stfcci Stocks trom i to 2 points lower.
• ~, ■*-■■■■■*." \
Cot ten breaks again, ictth large transactions.
>$£o veil- features in local Stocks and Bonds. '
Zilzrr unchanged. Slight fluctuation in Sterling Exchange.
Wheat and other Grains siill inactive and nominal.
Ha\ prices not yet affected by the storm.
Bran and Middlings very firm, pith slender stocks.
Beans zi-cahcr in the north, but still firm in the south.
Butter offering at weaker quotations. Cheese still dull.
Eggs less firm, zvith receipts running larger.
Provisions li'eak at Chicago, but reported firmer here.
Wool and Hops unchanged. Wet Hides firmer.
Cjttle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes quiet, with large supplies on the zcay.
Onions 'closely held and firm.
Poultry and Game in moderate receipt and the latter firm.
Fruit dull and the Orange auction postponed.
Wheat Exports in January.
The export* of « heat .from Fan Francisco by
soa in January were as follows:
To Centals. Values.
Great Britain 174.1K2 $244,170
Hawaiian Islands 1.7:;* 2,7-5
Tahiti C2 100
Totals 175.9S2 $246,905
In January. l»a*S f the exports were 849.661
contain, valued at J1.216.6C1. In that month
425.OSS centals, valued at $5J*9.K00 went to
G£./at Britain and 421,024 cental*, valued at
K~.7I4, to Australia.
Exports of Barley.
In January the export* of Barley from this
iv rt by *ea were ac follow*:
To — - Centals. Values.
Great Britain... 120.727 $133,910
Hawaiian Islands 2S.1S3 32.<!02
Ts^iti 313 Sa»
K!s-f where 04 7S
Tota's 14!>,293 $1S7,1W
The cxrx-.'is in January. 1003. were 152.312
centals, valued at $1^7.454. During the same
mostb in 1902 the exi>ort9. exclusive of the
rtatpowBta to the Hawaiian Islands, were ltt>,
5.'J4 centals, valued at $157,321.
Weather Report.
<12"th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAN" FRANCISCO. Feb. 5 — 5 p. m.
Tfce fotlowlns are the teapinal rainfalls to
clip, m ccnipared with thuse of the same
riatt-' ia?t season and rainfall in last twenty
: >ur !r-7ur«:
Last This Last
f;at:ori^ — 24 hours. &ea«on. Season.
Tur<=ka 0.10 24.56 3S.52
ncdr^aofl 0.10 13. SS 16.41
•Fpcramcr.to 0.04 5.42 10.56
.«ar. Francisco 0.13 7.70 10. «4
Ktffflo 0.20 1.06 ii.32
iTideperdrnce 0.02 0.44 1.72
San Luis ObiMJO... 1 .<* 3.O) 10.51
Li> A^ctles O.74 1.31 B.21
Snr J-K-Ko 0.5S O.S3 S.64
THE COAST RECORD.
— 2 2" •* *S
STATIONS. I || |f |f | 2 - I
-55* • a
: ? ? '• : •
Farallcn 29. S3 50 44 N Clear .54>
Uakcr :».«*. 32 2.-* SE Clear .01
< 'arson 29. SO 32 20 SW Pt.Cldy .24
Kv*-eka 23. «2 50 SS NW Oear .10
!':(■*, 1 23.78 32 48 PE Clear .20
Flagstaff t^> . ■*« 43 34 SW Sr.ow .42
Point Reyes ..23.TS S3 *K NE Clear .CS
P?catello 2? 58 34 84 SW Cloudy .05
lr<5ep*>rionoe .23.C2 44 ."J« N Cloudy .02
Los Angeles ..23.76 66 4S SE Rain .74
Mt. Tamalpais.2a.85 3S 32 N Clear .7o
Pho^r.ix 29. «8 72 SH NW Pt.Cldy T.
Portland 23.74 4*1 M SW Cloudy .<>2
<'.>d Bluff 2f.9O 4S 40 N Clear .10
lios<t"rs 29. h4 4S ,-!2 NW Pt.Cldy T.
fv-orarr.er.ro ..29.M 52 US NW Clear .04
i-SIt Lake 23. .16 46 ?,4 NW Snow .3b
!=an Fr«r.cisco.23.S>? 54 40 NE Clear .13
B L. Obispo. .29.76 46 40 FE Rain 1.04
San Diego 29. 7C 5S 52 SE Cloudy .38
?faul«, a*.«6 44 .. S Cloudy .02
»-p<:kan« 29.M 3S 22 SW Cloudy .IS
Tttoofh 2a. 60 46 :;s w Cloudy .12
Walla Wa!I%..20.66 44 36 N Clear .04
"Wir.nemucca .20.70 3S 22 NE Cloudy .0*
Yt:ma 2H.C8 €S 42 W Oear T.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The cre«sure has risen rai>!d!y over the
n^flhern half of the Pacific Slop* and has
!a»!en rapidly over the valley of the Colorado.
A cold wave is passing over the inter
rtiountain section and southward over Arizona.
and New Mexico.
The temperature will fall rapidly In Eastern
and " Southern California and frost warnings
licve been Ufued for the northern portion ot
th" State
, Rain ha* fallen over the entire southwest,
«r.d heavy snow Is reported from the mountains.
Hieh winds prevail generally over the val
ley <it the Colorado And eastward.
At San Ijiego a msxlmum wind velocity of
t!..rty-six n:il<*» |,er hour from the southeast
i» reported, being the highest wind at that
j-.cint in «?iirhteen jeare.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
lioun endinc midnight. February C:
, Northern California — Clearing, colder Satur
day. w:th hea\y fronts in the morning; light
northerly winds.
Si' ; hern California — Clearing, colder Satur
day; lirfct north wind.
3 Nevada — Fair Saturday, much colder.
f^an, Francisco and vicinity — Clearing, colder
F^'uNiay; light froets in the morning: light
r.^.th wind. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
EASTEBN MARKETS.
New lorn Money Market.
S) NEW TORK. Feb. 5.— Money on call. easy.
1%*2 Tpt* cent; closing bid. 1% p*r cent;
offered at 2 yer cent. Time loans, firm;
•i£;y dayt, 3 : i5?4 per cent; ninety days, 4
Xfr ce^t; six mor.ths, 4^$4% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4 1 .iff3*i per cent. Sterling
rxcharge, steady, with acttiil business in
baskerm' bills' at S4 85.35f7 4 fcr demand
■axA at • *4 JC.SKX/ 4 S3 for sixty-day bills.
H<rt>ted rate*. *4 S.;u and ft RC©4 XC%. Com
tsfrcUl bills, $1 --■_'.■» S2%. lUr silver.
J^t l z r; ',Mexic*n dollars, 43c. Goveramtnt
t.aJ.-. steady; railroad bonds, heavy.
Xc:,' York Stock Market.
NEW TOItK. Feb. S.— To-day's stock mar
k't was a drtftlrs match, operators for the
Uiost rzrt standing idly by and watching the
**r.a*-ing ga^i.naUcm In the cotton market
[mst awaitint the txpc;ted deflnlt* outcome of
ih« queetion of i«?arp or war in the Far East.
The mere fact of th» wild condition of the
cotton market was sufficient to exert a de
pressing txtftimx* cfr«tock». whether the price
«..f cotton wais advancing cr collapeing. A» a
tr.ati*-r cf fart the rebound* in that market
-were of almcst equal rtofeBoe «ith the drop*.
-he crairt tnark'-u. a!so wore inclined to run
«X Little light was •> liad from theee
rnarkeu. therefore, on th^ chances of peace
or war Th.- foreign arbitrage brokers were
bite, reflecting th* ata«« stagnant condition
?*J^£2JT?2£? t^'n* O» of
the «iu«Hion. Tn<" wr-aknets of etocks rren
mcr» rr.arked a» the Jay protrre^d. and dur
ing ;he Utter ran of the s^lon lor B es of *
l-oint W more became <juit* general in the
|..romir.ent active stocks. The rkartut showed
no effective resiliency and thf d~i4 »•».
«*ak and dull. There mere ,,,„, e"ly no^n"
.! r^irtance to the declfnlneTt^nffir
lation of a rumor that another favorable ru^fn
>r.dI bj-er .made m it, Montana IIUkXh *$£?
I.n u-d Mates fct^l preferred «nd the rhicaso
r.r.d Alu.n'fc rtock made Fhort lived demnn
•tmtofi* of rtrenrth. The flnst a',^^;
t:«w devclr.^d in Wab» a h '.referred a ml In
Pennsylvania, and the v.hoie marketweakene
after the i.ublk-Ktlnn of a r^Dort Th?t ?hZ
Pmr.Kylvnr.1* inter^t^ had i^Sed tLt« frr
♦50.tW.Ut, for-rtthte.ii month" at 4'? ~r
cent. tScvwal revolts wea^ circulated during
the day to indicate a settlement of the Penn-
Fylvanla-Gould dispute, and an effort was
made to make the proceeds of this loan appli
cable to thle settlement, but without any avail
to check the decline in the stocks affected.
Rumors have been abundant for some days
pest of a contemplated capital issue by The
Pennsylvania, which have been vigorously
denied. These evidences of heavy loan ex
pansions, to which was added the sale of
$5.000,uno of Mii<Fiuri Pacific note*. were of more
. effect on sentiment than the estimates of a
gain in cash reserves by the banks on the
week of about $2.0u0,00O. in £>plte of the large
Subtreasury requirements and shipments to
New Orleans.
Bonds were dull and heavy- Sales, $2,110,000.
United States bond* were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCtf LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atthison 2<J.2OO tiUVt 6»V* GSVi
Atchlson pfd 600 89T% 89H S9 l i
Bal & Ohio 15,900 82%, 81 Vi Sl%
Bal & Ohio pfd 100^-91H 9Hi 91
Can Pacific 4.W0 117>^ Il«* 116*4
Cen of N J 200 15&V 158 157
Ches & Ohio l..K>0 33»« 32>; 32»i •
Chi & Alton 7.300 39 T » 33 39
Chi & Alton pfd... 2.5O0 65 64 84 Ti
Chi * G W 60O 15H 13^ "Vj
Chi & N W 500 1«5 163 163
Chi. Mil & Bt P... 13.700 142*; 141*4 I41»i
Chi, M & St P pfd 176
Chi Ter & Tr 600 11 10% 10
Chi Ter & Tr pfd. 200 23 23 22
C, C. C & St L 77
Colo Southern 100 17 17 17
Colo So 1st pfd 54
Colo So 2d pfd SOU 254 25 24 4
Del & Hudson 7.6OU 163'- 159 139%
Del, L & W 100 26S'i 26*4 26S
D&RG 100 20^ 20>i 204
D & R G pfd 900 71 69?, 694
Erie 11.200 27 <i 26^ ' 2C S »
Erie l*t pfd 2.900 «5?; 63% «4%
Klie 2d pfd 2.900 45S» 44 fe 44
Hocking Val 75
Hocking Val pfd , 82*-4
Illinois Central ... WO 129 123 128
Iowa Central 20
Iowa Cen pfd 37
Kan City So Coo 19*« 18&, 184
Kan City So pfd... 700 33»». 3T» 34*;
Louis & Nash 3,100 1054 104*; 10«4
Manhattan L 100 143 141% 141%
Met Securities 100 84*4 84»i 83
Met St Ry 1.300 1184 1174 117U
Minn & St Louis , 60
M. St P & St S M. 1,000 624 694 6O',i
M.SP&St S M pfd ..... 120
Mo Pacific 11.000 92 <*0»; 90 s ;
M. K & T 400 1C»; 1«4 1«4
M. K & T pfd 400 384 37 37'
N R R of Mex pfd ' ....'. 37 4
N Y Central 900 II84 118 117«i
Nor & West 3.S00 60 38«i 68^4,
Nor & West pfd 88
Out & West 3.600 224 214 2f4
Pennsylvania 126,000 llb% H8 T * 116»»
p. c. c & st L an'
Reading 10,700 44»4 42? 8 42*;
Reading 1st pfd... 'MO 80 80 79
Reading 2d pfd 200 5S»; fiS^i 5»7i
Rock Isl Co 5.700 234 22 T * 22"4
: Rock Isl pfd 2,600 63^4 624 624
StL&SF2dpfd. 10O 46 46 45
St L S W 400 13»; 13i; 13i;
St L S W pfd 1.700 32^, 32 32*.
So Pacific 18.50O 494 47% 4774
So Railway 3.200 21 *«, 21 > 4 21 1;
So Ry pfd 7<tO 84*; 81 4 81*-*
Tex i: Pacific 1,800 24 T -i 24 24U
To. St L & W 200 234 234 234
Tol. St L & W pfd. 5<X> 364 36 35
Union Pacific 32,600 SOtJ 7gXi 78$;
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 01 4 91 4 »o
Wabash 900 194 194 19
Wabash pfd 10.000 37% 354 33
Wheel & L E 100 16>.; isx: j^K
Wis Central 600 19»i i c a; i 8 *?
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 434 434 43
Express Companies —
Adams 100 225 225 *»"0
American 190
United States • 105
Wells-Fargo "10
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 40,500 4S»; 46'i 46U
Am Car & Foundry 900 194 1SH lS*i
Am Car & F pfd.. 600 6S& 674 67
Am Cotton Oil 100 30 30 ' 294
Am Cotton Oil pfd gg
Amice 300 8 7« 7*;
Am Ice pfd l.CX> 30*; 30 294
Am Linseed Oil joiS
Am Lin Oil pfd 2s
Am Locomotive . . . 1,400 20% 20Vg 20U
Am Loco pfd 200 784 78K 7i
Am Smelt & Ref.. I.SKK) 48!t 48 48
Am Smelt & R pfd 400 91 * 4 »n$ -9I1;
Am Supar Refining 10,400 120 1244 1244
Anaconda Min Co.. 400 C8 65 ' 64'
Brooklyn R Transit 24,500 43 U 40«; 40%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 000 30?; 304 30%
Consolidated Gas... 6,000 191V* 189% 1894
Corn Products 184
Corn Products pfd 6ft'
Distillers' Securities 100 234 234 23',;
General Eloctric... 70O 172 1G9*; 1B9
Internti Paper 100 12 12 12»4
Interntl Paper pfd 64'
Internti Pump 331;
Interntl Pump pfd. 100 72 72 "1%
National Lead 15
North American .. 300 83 82% 84«;
Pacific Mail «00 29 Vi 29 ' 2S4
People's Gas 700 1GO>4 994 89«i
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 304 29»; 29%
Pressed S Car pfd 68 '
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 100 ~\\ 7U 71:
Republic Steel pfd. 400 434 *XV» 434
Rubber Goods 1,300 20 194 194
Rubber Goods pfd 7C
Tenn Coal &. Iron.. 1,700 37 3.14 35 VI
U S Leather 1.000 7% 74 71;
U 8 Leather pfd... 10,000 774 76*; 70\
U S Realty COO \ 7% 74 7%
U S Realty pfd 3.400 j E6U 54% T.64
U S Rubber 600 12 7 i ll a ; 11%
U S Rubber pfd... SOO 504 48U 46 '
U S Steel 5.400 114 10*; 10%
U S Steel pfd 23,000 55% 54 ?i .54%
WestinghoiiFe Elee. 200 161 1604 160»;
Weitern Union ... 500 6S% 87% 874
Northern Securities '. 9314
Total eal^s .520.7CO
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5. — Bond transactions.
United Railways of San Francisco, 25,000 at
73%; 7000 at 73.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, 3=i bid; 4 asked. Preferred. 33 bid;
34 aikd.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S rpf 2s reg..l04%iMan con gold 4I.103H
Do coupon 104% Mex Cent 4s 684
Do 3s reg 100 Do 1st inc 14U
Do coupon 106 Minn tc Et L 4s. 97
Do new 4s reg..l32»; M. K & Tex 4s.. »~"1
Do coupon 132% Do 2ds 754
Do old 4s reg...lO7 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Do coupon 107 NYC »en 34s.. OSU
Atch sen 4« 98% N J C gen Ss...l31%
Do adj 4? S» Nor Pac 4s 103U
Atlantic C L 4s. 83% Do 3s 72
Dal * Ohio 4s 1014 Nor & W con 4g. 97?; :
Do 34s S4^JOSL 4s & partlc. 92%
Central of Ga 5s.lO54 Pa conv 3H«.... 96%
Do let inc 004 Reading cen 4»... 064
Chcs & Ohio 44*.10S% SL & I M con 5s.ll3U
Chi & Alton 3Us. 7G S L & S F fg 4s. 83
C B k Q new 4s. !J3 St Louie SW lst« $>m
C>I & StPgn 4a. 1M Seaboard A L 4s. ««»?
C & MV con 7«.129% So Pac 4s S9
C. R I & Pac 4s. 70% So Railway 5s 112*i
Do col.5« . R04 Tex & Pac l«Ui..li(3il
C.C.C * SLsn 4s. 074 T. St L & W 4s. 71
Chi T«rm 4s 784 Union Pac 4s. ...102%
«V>ns Tobacco 4s. 65U Do conv 4s.... jhju
Colo & So 4s 88% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71 ►?
Den & Kio G 4s. 8S>4 Wabash lsts ....115%
Erie prior Hen 4«. f»« Do deb B fp»&2 i
Do xca 4* 85% W & L Erie 4s.. 90«4
¥ W & D C lsts.105 Wis Cent 4s f®il
Hocking Val 44^.1054 C F & I conv 5s. 724
L & N unified 4s. fi8%
NEW YORK MIKTXG STOCKS.
Adams Con 10| Little Chief ..... 07
Alice 18 Ontario 4 50
Brecce 10|Ophlr 3 40
Hruns Con 05 Phoenix os i
Com Tunnel 07 Potosi '17\
Con Cal & Va.. 1 45 Savage ' 43 I
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev . J3 1
Ircn Silver 1 25 1 Small Hopes .... 20 1
Leadviile Con ... C2lSttndard 2 10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY -6, 1904.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — I United Fruit 96
Call loans 3%@4%|\Vest!ng Com 78
Time loans 4',;S5 Mining —
Bends — Adventure 2X4
Atchieon 4s 08% Allouez 4U
Mex Central 4s... 69 Amal Copper 46%
Railroads— Bingham 21
Atchlson CSH Calumet & Hecla.450
Do pfd 89 Centennial 15
Boston & Albanv.2t6 Copper Range.... 42%
Boston & Malne.lCS Daly West 33
Boston Elev . 137 Dom Coal 5U ■
N Y. N H & H..194% Franklin 8
Fitchburg pfd IT.5% Isie >Royale 7',i
Union Pacittc ... 78^ I Mohawk 33%
Mex Central 10%!Osceola 5U%
Miscellaneous — ll'anot 24
Ame r Sugar 124SJ (Quincy t>5
l>o pfd 124% I Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 125 [Tamarack 100 j
Dom Iron 4; S... 8U Trinity *%
Gen Electric 1C8 United States 20^i
Mass Electric 21 Utah 32
Do pfd 77 Victoria 3*4
U S Steel 10 T ' s Wlnona ' 5%
Do pfd 5l\ Wolverine 71
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. 87% [N Y Central 122
Do for acct S7?i Nor & Western.. <HU
Anaconda 3% Do pfd. 91
AtchUon 70 ;i Ont & Western.. 23
Do pfd 93 Pennsylvania 00%
Bal & Ohio 84% Rand Mines 9H
Can Pacific 120&A Reading 22%
Ches & Ohio .14V'. Do 1st pfd.'.... 40%
Chi Great West.. 10 Do 2d pfd 30 %
Chi. Mil & St P.14»5%!So Railway 22U
De Beers 19'*! Do pfd SfiU
Den & Rio G 21% I So Taclflc 50%
Do pfd 73«; Union Pacific .... S2%
Erie 27T<, Do pfd 03
Do 1st pfd 87% U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 47% Do pfd 57V*
111 Central 133 Wabafh 20
Louis & Xash...lO8U Do pfd 39
M. K & Tex 17%
Bar silver— Uncertain. 25%d per ounce.
Money — I»i(g2i,i tfer cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2*«®2^ per cent and for three
menths' bills 2!ii&2 15-18 per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— The following tabl«,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
February 4, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,299,3S(5,313 15.1
•Chicago -161.340.053- .... 1.3
•Boston 137.247,138 2.0
•Philadelphia .... 10S.132.071 6.8
•St. Louis 88,300,724 22.5 ■
Pitteburg 3S.45S.558 .... 17.3
•San Francisco .. 30,413.530 1.0
•Baltimore 23,453,773 l.U
Cincinnati 22,537,500 3.3 ....
•Kansas City 21,947,546 13.6
Cleveland 14,068.705 17. U
•Minneapolis 13.93S.1CS 1.9
•New Orleans 33.063,981 103.6 ....
Detroit 9.101. S>8 li.2
•Louisville ....... 11.0D5.GC9 .... 9.S
Omaha 7,131.09.1 0.3 ....
•Milwaukee 8,174,522 15.1
•Providence fi.457,400 .... 20.6
•Buffalo 5,175.3«1 ;.
•St. Paul 4.692.0C1 15.0
Indianapolis K.783,795 31.6 ....
Los Angeles 6;3.">!t,S:?tJ ' 31.7 ....
•St. Joseph 5,144,762 7.5 ....
Denver 4,fl!W.«»3 ' 3.3 ....
Richmond 4.72S.190 6.9'
Columbus 4.511,000 .... 4.1
Seattle 3,423,Os2 .... C.."i
Washington 4,182,901 3.8
•Savannah 4. 288,008 3.9
Memphis 7,464.419 67.1 ....
Albany 13,670,080 5.7
Salt Lake City... 3.458,294 32.9
•Portland, Or 2.904,521 .... 3.S
•Toledo 2.707.517 .... ; 14.7
Fort Worth 5,495,946 41.5
Peoria 2,015,714 1.2 ....
Hartford 2,479.452 .... 11.5
Rochester 2,382.137 .... ■
Atlanta 3.640.200 12.5 S
Des Moines 1,927.706 4.2
New Haven 1,843,871 1.0 ...;
Nashville 2.S27.S81 4.9 ....
Spokane. Wash... 1.9."S>.445 IS. 7 ....
Grand Rapids .... 1,907.340 8.5 ....
Sioux City 1,259,381 .... 11.9
Springfield, Mass. 1.519.449 .... 13. 1
Norfolk 1,913,742 21.9
Dayton 1,704,511 13.4
Tacoma 2,049,911 15.2
Worcester 971,220 .... 43.3
Augusta. Ga 1,967.SS6 .... 29. G
Portland. Me 1,423.413 .... 1.3
Scranton 1,714,732
Topeka 981,856 23.5
Syracuse 1.284,217 10.2
Evaneville 1,176,316 11.2 ....
Wilmington, Del. 1,190,988 .... 1.2
Birmingham 1.212,948 .... 11 r,
Davenport 936,750 16.6
Fall River 1,356,358 31.8
Little Rock 1.193,327 7.S
Knoxville 1,298, S6.'< ' 24.2 ..'..
Macon &37.00O 5.7 . ..
Wilkesbarre 879.178 27.6
Akron 598.100 .... 19.2
Springfield. Ill 644.237 1.1
Wheeling, W. Va. 707,843 4.4
Wichita 1,118,185 46.1
Youngstown «iO5,18:t 6.0
Helena 520.295 li.fi ....
Lexington 662.598 16.9 ....
Chattanooga ..... 843,672 26.6 ....
Lowell ' 419.324 1.4
New Bedford 600,272 9.9
Kalamazoo 727,914 24.3 ....
Fargo. N. D 496.00.1 18.4
Canton, 0 672,000 52.4 ....
Jacksonville, Fla. 785,161 80.5 ....
Greensburg. Pa.. 873.125 11 8
Rockford, 111 S83.243 10.7
Springfield, O.... 430,181 9.4 ....
Binghamton 364,400
Chester. Pa 309,210 17.0 ....
Bloomlngton, 111.. 411.648 24.1 ....
Quincy. Ill 349,985 9.4 ....
Bloux Falls. S. D. 102.010 52.2
Mansfield. O " 181.050 IS. 3
Jacksonville. 111.. 21J.673 1.4
Fremont, Neb.... '186,643 .... 27.2
Decatur, 111 213.395 6.9
JHouston 19.440,593 30.9
tGalveston 10.547.036 .... 3.2
tBeaumont. Tex.. 1,092.517
Charleston 1,470,055 5.1 ....
Totals, 0. S $2,145.042. 068 .... 9 9
Outside N. Y... S45.C77.732 .4 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $17,087,272 .... 7.4
Toronto 13,028.936 15 9
Winnipeg 4.457,008 19.4 .. .
Halifax 1,604,005 2.8
Ottawa 1.742,504 6.2
Vancouver, B. C... 1,180.3.15 12.5
Quebec 1.402.919 C.I .'"
Hamilton ; 1.07O.87S .... 0 6
St. John, N. B I 840.457 0.7 !
Victoria, B C 022.501 484.4
London 737,118 .... 13.3 j
Totals, Canada $44.37S,9S3 ... e.7
•Balances paid In cash. tNot included in to
tals because of no comparison for last year.
JNot Included in totals because containing other
Items than clearings.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 5.— The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 10 points to an
advance of 7 points, with the market develop- |
ing greater firmness as the call progressed
The opening declines were due to continued
liquidation and bear pressure, while the steadier
tone was on less unfavorable war news than
expected, the rally In the Liverpool market,
where price, after opening 30 points lower, had
rallied to about the anticipated figures. It also
developed that there was a good, deal of bull
support. Mr. Sully was buying, brokers repre
senting New Orleans were buying, and for the
first twenty-five minutes the market raled very
firm, selling up to a net gain of from 31 to 34
points on the active months. But outside longs
were still panicky and toward the end of the
first half hour a. well directed bear attack
broke prices a few points, outside liquidation
became overwhelmingly active and the market
In an instant was plunged into wild excite
ment. Inside of an hour 1 ' prices had been
driven down until March was selling af 13.75c
May at 13.99c ffnd July at 14.10c, a net de
cline of 110Q121 points on these positions, July
on last Monday having sold at 17.55c. The low
point of the morning therefore indicate a loss
of about $700 on every hundred bales of cotton
Offerings diminished, toe local bull leader be
gan buying. New Orleans continued to support
the market. «<hortB turned to cover and the act.
ive months were rallied 70 to 75 points.' Fol
lowing thesfe fluctuations were narrow and com
paratively Irregular. Just before the close the
local bull leader became a heavy buver, bid
ding July up to 14.92c. but this demand filled
the market closed barely steady, with July at
14.82c. The new months were from 5 points
higher to 10 points lower. Sales were esti
mated at ECO, 000 bales.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 5.— Tin had a sharp ad
vance in the London market to-day as the re
eult of speculative considerations, closing with
rpot at £1 7s 6d net higher at £120 10n. while
future* advanced £1 to £126 5y. Locally tin
was firmer, in pymnathy with the foreign
gains, closing at *27 80«;s 25.
Copper was firm abroad, spot advancing 5s to
£56 2s 6d- in the London market, with futures
2s fld higher at £55 12s fid. Locally oonper was
unchanged. Lake Is quoted at $l2 37%Si.l2 62%.
electrolytic at $12 25@12 50 and casting at
$.12 12%@12 37»4
Lead was unchanged at $4 45^4 50 in the lo
cal market and at ill 5s in London. .-
Spelter was unchanged both here and abroad,
closing locally at $4 90<g 5 and at £'21 lf>s in
London. /
Ircn closod at 5Ps ir Glasgov/ and 42s 7>^d in
Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was nominally un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $15@lG;>Xo.
2 foundry, Northern, $14 ( g:i5; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, and No. 1 foundry Southern, soft,
$13 75©14 25.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORl£ Feb. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,450 barrels: very firm. ;
W1IEAT — Receipts, 22,425 bushels; spot, firm;
No. 2 red, 9Cc elevator; No. 2 red, 9SV£c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 northern Duluth, $1 t)5?i f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b.
afloat. Options had an exciting and Irregular
opening with first prices higher, followed by a
sensational break under liquidation and less
warlike news than expected. In the after
noon, however, heavy covering ensued on a
rumored big decrease in Russian stocks and
the close was urm. »6®4ic net advance. May,
95*4©9(5«4c. closing at 9G%c; July closed at
U7c; 'September closed at 83%e. ?
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOIx— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. . .
SUGAR— Raw tirm; fair refining.; 2 27-32®
2T*c; centrifugal, 00 degrees test. B 11-lCc;
molasses sugar, 2 19-32@2%c; refined steady.
The market for coffee futures opened steady
at an advance of l!Vff30 points, but in sympa
thy with the sensational break in cotton al
most immediately" broke to a net loss of about
10@40 points, with September down to 6.80c.
| The decline, however, attracted buying by im
portant trading interests and prices soon ral
lied. The world's visible statements showing
a decrease for the month of January of 445.000
bags, helped the market somewhat, and while
the receipts reported for yesterday were full
on the average, the interior points called for
smaller figures and private advices forecasted
; lighter, receipts in the near future. This at
tracted a renewal of outside demand to some
extent and the market was finally steady at
a decline of 10 points to an advance of 10
points, most of the active positions being 5
points lower. Sales 423.750 bags. Including:
February at G.25c; 1 March, 0.45c; April, ri.4.Vui
6.55c; May, O.jOfttf.fcO: June, 7c; July, 6.90#
7.10c; August, G.8O®7.20; September, 6.80®
7.20c; October, 7.05Jr7.25c; November, 7.10c";
December, 7.10@7.35c; January, 7.70c.
The Coffee Exchange will be closed Febru
ary 12 and 13.
DRIED FRUIT.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market' is
Fteady; common, 4S5c; prime,' BfteaUc;
choice. 5'iQtitjc; fancy, 0^<@7c.
PRUNES— Are attracting a quiet trade and
mile about steady, with quotations ranging
from 3}jc to C'ic according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are in light supply and rule
firm, with choice quoted at 9U©9£4c; extra
choice, 0%®10Vic; fancy. ll®15c.
PEACHES— Steady; choice. 7}4@7%c; ex
tra choice, 7Htf<H4c: fancy, 9@10c.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5.— Exceptional' activity was
displayed in the wheat pit at the opening to
day. Prices were extremely erratic and showed
wide fluctuations. Owing to the acuteness of
the war situation shorts appeared determined
to even up trades with little regard to prices.
In this effort the price of May was J forced
,4c above the high record mark registered yes
terday, the opening quotation being %<8¥ic
lower to '.i@%c higher at $>5@i)6e. July was
a shade to Vjfr^c lower at 854@35%c. . Within
ten minutes from the time May had touched
96c the price had' fallen to 93»ic, a' drop of
24c, while July had sold j off to 84 Vic,' or
1»4(. below the top figure. After the first
minute or two of trading there wag a' flood
of long wheat poured on . the market and it
seemed as though everybody.. had' wheat for
sale. Under this heavy pressure prices began
to decline. Stop-loss orders came out and
Increased the downward tendency, and for
a time the situation looked extremely
critical.- ' The leader of '■• the bull crowd,'
however. suDorted the . market ; on the
break, and a fair rally occurred. From 934c
May nulckiy advanced to imie, while July
steadied around M=hc. ' Trading then devel
oped into a rather tame affair, but the market
was nervous. Outside of the signs of impend
ing war, the early news contained several
Items of exceedingly bearish import. Receipts
In the Northwest and Southwest were' heavier
than last year. Weather conditions on the Pa
cific Coast and the Southwest were materially
improved. Argentina reported much more lib
eral shipments thun a year ago. These factors
wer» influential In bringing out a lot of July
wheat, and. Incidentally, had a depressing ef
fect on the May ootion. "Fresh war rumors
were circulated in the pit late In the day, re
sulting in another active • buying: movement,
the biK bull operator being reported on that
side of the market. The demand became so
urgent the last few minutes that the early
loss wa.s all recalned. Just before the close
July sold uo to 86V6C. and final figures were
at S3 7 4®S«I, a net itain for the day of 54 C^
May closed at 95c, a less of 3h@4c.
Aside from the heavy liquidation early in
the day, the most conspicuous feature in the
com market was the relative strength of the
July delivery. Heavy selling of May by some
of the prominent holders caused a severe
break early In «ne session. The opening on
May was unchanged to 4c lower, at 554®56c.
Prices immediately started downward, and be
fore any support materialized May had sold
off to 54»ic. Late* in the day the market be
came exceedingly strong, and prices advanced
above the opening level. May closed %c
higher, at Sfj'fcc, after selling at 56Uc. July
ranged between Sl'Kc and 53fs<\ closlnjr with
a gain of l%eiv»c, at 53%c.
Oats folJowed the course of other grains.
The close was at th« top and on a level with
yesterday's close. Local receints were 98 cars.
Trading in provisions was active, but a
a weaker tone prevailed. The decline In the
grain pits and lower prices for hogs had a
depressing influence early In the day, and the
market was unable to retain losses sustained
under liberal liquidation at that time. The
close was steady at a small decline, May pork
being off 124c at $13 60. May lard was
down 74<\ at $7 55, while ribs were 5c lower,
at $6 774.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 9fi J»6 93U 03
July 83?i 8CtJ 84»/4 SG
September ..... 80. 80% 79 »i 80%
Corn No. "—-
February 51% 52^ 51% 52',S
May 66 56% 54% M%
July 52 52»,i 50% 52^
Oats No. 2 —
February •••• ■••• 4«»,4
May ...... .... 46^ 4GU 4414 46Vi
July .., 39% 39% 39 30%
September 33% 33?i 32% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 13 70 13 72}a 13 45 13 60
Lard, per 100 lbs— , .
May ,'.. 7 57% 7 CO 7 50 7 55
July ....... 7 CO 7 CO 7 52>-4 7 CO
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
May 6 77% 6 82y 3 6 75 C 77'j
July ...6 92% 6 92% « 85 6 02%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5- — Cash quotations were as
follows : Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 83
©It3c- No. 3, S0@92c; No. 2 red, 92%@0Sc; No.
2 corn 52Vic; No. 2 yellow, &2V4c; No. 2 oats.
43V,S43%c; No. 2 white, 45%c; No. 2 rye.
«"4c- gcod feeding barley, 39®40c; fair to
choice malting. 4S@5Sc; No 1 flaxseed. $1 11;
No 1 Northwestern, $1 18; prime timothy
seed. J3 15: mess pork, per barrel $13 50®
13 C%' lard, per 100 lbs. $1 3o&. 3<%; short
rlbseldes (loose). $6 50^6 75: short clear sides
(boxed). $6 75®0 87%; whisky, basis of high
wine* tl "7 1 clo%*er, contract grade, $10 75i8>11.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
FloJr barrels ..."... 21.400 12.200
Wheat bushels 47.200 44,000
Corn^busheli Ml.XjjO 181.600
Oats, bushels 1 36 /°°X A^,
Rye. bushels. 8.100 4,900
Barley bushels... <4. t Q0 11,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO Feb. 5. — On . the - Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries 15824c; dairies, 13%@20c. Eggs,
stead? at mark, cases . Included. 2S@30c.
Cheese, easier. 9%©10%c !
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts.
7MHV the market was and steady;
good to prime steers, ' $«><g5 ( 0; poor to
medium. « =5©4 SO- gtockers and feeders,
S'* >1 5»4 10- cows, $1 5O®4 25: heifers, $2®
4 50; canners. $1 50® 2 40; bulls, $1 75®4 10;
calves. $3 SOS 7 25. . '„„ '
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 2^.000: to-morrow,
20 COO- steady to lower; mlx*d and butchers,
$4' SO5S4 95; good to choice heavy. $4 00f?3;
rough heavy, t* **0@4 90; light. $4 30®4 70;
bulk of sales. $4 80^4 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, 0000; 'sheep and lambs,
steady good to choice wethers, $W4 60; fair
to choice mixed, $3 7504: Western sheep. $3 50
«J5- native lambs, $4@5 75; Western lamb«j,
$4 50S6. •
I Miscellaneous Markets.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 5. — Wool nomlnaK Medi
um Grades, combing and clothing, 17@18::
light tine, 10@17%c; heavy fine, 12®14%c; tub
washed. 20@30%c. " •
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Feb.. 5. — Clearings, |601,S80;
balances, $220,200. - .
Family Retail Market.
Retail prices have changed but little elnce
last week. Mutton is still high and will un
doubtedly continue so for some time, as good
i fat stock is scarce owing to the recent drought
In the southern part of the State. Most kind*
of fresh garden Vegetables are still beyond
the purse of the average housewife, but they
may be more plentiful from now on, as rain
ha« been falling in the growing districts.
The best ranch Bggs are plentiful and un-^
changed, while the lower grades are higher.
Butter etands exactly the same as quoted last
"poultry. Game and Fish are abundant, with
Wellington ..$— @10 00 New _
Seattle $— & 8 50 Wellington $—610 00
Roslyn $— @ 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—© 9*0 Nut $ —® 8 CO
Greta $— @ 9 CO Coos Bay...$ — & < 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter choice, sqOO@C5 Ranch E sss.. .30@32%
Do good 45055 Common Eggs. 27%®.^
Do packed, Ih25@27% Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Cal....l2%@20 pound y~&?Z
Cheese Eastern. .20*025 Do extracted.. S@10
Cheese Swiss. . .25035 - ■. ■
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon ...... 18@25|Pork Sausage. .12%@13
Hams •. 16@1S Smoked Beef — ©20
Lard ...12%© — I .
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective Asso
ciation gives the following retail prices for
meats.
Roast Beef.. 10®20|Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS320
I Tenderloin Steak. 15018 Foreqtr Mutton— 012%
Porterhse. do. 17 % @22 % I Leg Mutton —©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12%@15'Mutton Chops lo@20
Round Steak... 10@l'.!%IMutton Stew. 8S1O
Beef Stew —610 Roast Veal..... .12@20
Corn Beef 8®10 Veal Cutlets 15021)
Soup Bones 4 (P— Veal Stew 12%015
Soup Meat tfllO Roast Pork 12%@1S
Lamb Chops —G20 Pork Chops.. 15®18
Foreqtr Lamb.12%015
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens, each 00@90;\Vlld Doves. doz.$l 50
Young Roosters. !Engli«H Snipe. dz.S4 00
each e5@90.Jack Snipe. doz.. $2 50
Old Roosters. ea.50@65 Gray Geese. each.4O®50
Fryers each «5@ 73 White Geese, ea. 15025
Broilers, each. ...50@C5 Brant, each 20#35
Turkeys, per lb.. 20® 23 Honkers, each... 40075
Ducks, each 75c@$l|Teal Ducks, ea. .20^25
Geese, each..— <g$l 50 Mall'd Ducks. ea.&O®60
Goslings (2 00 Widg'n Ducks,ea20«25
Pigeons, pair —(SCO Sprig Ducks, ea. 25340
Squabs, per pair. — QdO Canvasbacks, ea..60frtJ5
Rabbits, each 20©25 Small Ducks. ea.l5@20
Hare, each — @20
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr 1 Pears. ea.25@40|Drled Figs lb.. 6@10
Almonds 15}i2O Grape Fruit. dz.75c#$t
Apples 4& 8 Limes, doz 10«?15
Cranberries, qt.. — 625 Lemons doz 15@30
Pecans . .—©20 Orangea, doz 20^50
Brazil Nuts 20©— Pears, per lb...— «12%
Bananas, doz.... 25(740 Pineapples ea 25050
Chestnuts 15020 Tangerines. doz..l5«2O
Cocoanuts. each..— ©10 Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
VEG ETABLES — U - •/. ».
Artichokes. dz.60<g$l 25 Okra dried lb...20@ —
Beets, dozen 100 — Potatoes, l"b...l%@2U
Beans white, lb. 5@ — Parsnips per dz. 15(320
Colored, per lb. 5®— Rhubarb, lb... 12%@15
Dried Lima, lb..— ® 6 Radishes, dz bch.l5@20
Cabbage, each... C®10 Sage dz bunches25@—
Celery, head.... 5010 String- Beans.
Cress, dz bunch.15© — per lb.' ........ 20S25
Cucumbers. each.lO*i25 Summer Squash.
Garlic 1O®12% per lb 10012%
Green Peppers, lbl5@20 'Sprouts per lb. . 5@ 6
Dried Peppers... 10ft 20 .Spinach -per lb. 6@ 8
Egg Plant, lb... — ©25'Sweet Potatoes.
Green Peas, lb. 8@12%| per lb . ... — 0 3
Lettuce, per doz.l3(g30jThyme. dx bnchs.25030
Leeks, dz bunch.l5®20;Turnips. per doz. — ©15
Mushrooms. lb...5O@75|Toraatoes. lb..lO@12%
Onions. ,per lb..l*i@2l v
FISH— . •
Barracouta — 015 Rdckeod — 015
Carp 10012% Sea Bass — ©15
Catfish — ©12% Smelts —#15
Codfish ........— @12% Soles 10015
Flounders \ 10® — .Skates, each 10615
Halibut 15Q — Squid . ... @
Herring S@10jTomcod 12%@
Mackerel j— & — Turbot 20®
Do horse 15(9 — Trout @
Roekfish ......— <B12% Brook Trout — @—
Salmon, fresh 15@20 Whltefish 10®
: Do' smoked.... 15025 Clams, gallon 600
Sardines 10® — Do hardshell.lb 8010
Shrimps —010 Crawfish, lb —©15
Shad — ICrabs each 15@25
Striped Bass 15^20 Mu*sels. lb 12%S15
Perch ....10® — Oysters Cal 100.40050
Pompino 25<@40 Do Eastern. dz.30@40
TACOMA, Feb. 5.— Clearings, $336,S28; bal
ances. $52,811.
PORTLAND. Feb. B. — Clearings, $470,267;
balances, $3.1,265. '.-.•■•
SPOKANE, Feb/ 5.'— Clearings, $3S6,202;
balances, $59,400.
Northern Wheat Market.
y
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 75c; bluestem. 80@Slc; valley, 79©S0c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 5.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, fcOc; club, 75c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6 4^ 6 3%
Closing 6 4% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 21 30 21 55
Closing 21 25 21 40
Flour —
Opening 29 50 23 20
Closing 29 35 28 10
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Changes yesterday were few and 'narrow.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86>i
Sterling Exchange, cables ' — 4 87 U
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Sliver, per ounce — 55^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 O 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign markets were firm with
higher futures. War news contributed to :
strength in cereals, both abroad and in the
East. Chicago, however, declined from 95%c
, to 93%c. recovering to 93c. The pit crowd
were sellers.
In this market futures were somewhat firmer.
The cash grain continued quiet and unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37%®1 42%; California
White Australian. $1 4501 50: Northern Club
$1 387i@l 41U: Northern Bluestem. $1 47%©
1 60; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May/ $1 38 $1 38U $133 $138%
2 p. m. Session.
May— No bids; $1 3S% asked.
BARLEY — There was no further decline in
the cash grain and the market continued lifeless
and nomln&l. O:>erators were holding oflt for
more definite news concerning the rain. Its area
and volume.*
Clearing weather advanced futures In the
afternoon. . ' •
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 OS'Jiei 10; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 15®1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%®1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May *1 05 $105% $103 $1 03V,
December ... 1 03 1 03 1 02% 1 02%
2 p. m. Session. -
Open. ■ High. Low. Close.
May ..$1 OU $1 .06 $1 05Ti $1 05%
December ... 1 03% 1 03% 1 03% 1 03%
OATS — The lower ■ quotations for Red and
White are advanced, as will be seen. The high
er-priced descriptions remain steady and un-
S changed. ■ i
White, $1 27%@1 37%: Black. $1 25®1 55:
Red. $1 25@1 32% for feed and $1 30®l 35 for
seed; Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — Continues firmly held, but trade is
j very quiet. .
Western sacked. $1 30@l 35 for Yellow. $1 30
@\ 32% for White and $1 30@l 32% for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 35@1 37%; small
round do. $1 40®l 60: White, $1 25S1 30 per
ctl; Egyptian. $1 45® 1 55 for white and $1 23
I for brown.
RYE— $1 30^1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 S5. usual, terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5094 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00ip4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 0CKa4 40 for Baktrs 1 .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in\ packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25- Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buckwheat
Flour $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats', bbls. $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $8; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dealers In Hay report no weakness yet on,
account of the rain, which is very beneficial,
but has not /thus far been heavy enough to de
. press quotations. %B4?£pdSSfc<18AeBE3S»*'4t!B3$ 3
■ Bran and Middlings continue very firm and
the large handlers eay that the several lan?«
lines now on the way down the coast • from
the north have all been sold prior to arrival.
BRAN — $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21022 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 50^24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 5OS31;
jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21^22: Corn
Meal $2S 60@20 50; Cracked Corn. $29<930;
Mixed Feed. $21 50S22 50; Horse Beans. *30@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90e per ctL
HAY — Wheat. $15©13; Wheat and Oat. $149
17; Oat. $14@17; Wild Oat. $14©16; Barley.
$12@14 50; Stock nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$12@13 50. per ton. % -
STRAW— 60©73c per bale. ■
Beans and Seeds. .
Dealers report that In the northern sections
of the State the rain has caused holders of
Beans to feel very weak, but that down in the ,
southern Lima district the rain has not thus
far been heavy enough to create any weakness
in this sort. Bayos, Pinks and small* Whites
arc wt-ak and larse Whites are still lower.
BEANS — Biyos, $2 25©2 50; Pe*. $3: But
ters. $3 50; small White. (2 75@3; large White.
$2 lr.-ri-' 40: Pink. $2 85@3; Red. $4 25424 SO;
Lima. $3 2G@3 SO: Red Kidneys. $4 25@4 50;
Blackeye. $2 15ff2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2@2 50. •
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 60; Yellow Mas
tard, $2 C3@:» SO; Flax; $1 SOQl 00: Canary,
5S5Vic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14©14»;c; Rape.
l%@2c: Timothy. 6@6%c: Hemp. 3^&3^cvper
lb; Millet. 3®3^c; Broom Corn Seed. $20^21
Pe r>IUED PEAS— Blackeye.. $2 25©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade in Potatoes was quiet pending the ar
rival of the Oregon xteamer. which was hourly
expected with an unusually large cargo. All
1 descriptions, however, were firmly held, as the
market was under speculative control and price*
of river Burbanks were advanced. Sweets were
Inclined to drag, although offered at a decline.
No fresh stock came In. Only 23 sacks of
Onions were received and prices were well
maintained, as available supplies were held by
two houses. .
Offerings of Tomatoes and Summer Squash
from Los Angeles were liberal and prices were
lower, but receipts of ether vegetables from
the sams section continued light, and as the
demand was steady prices were well main
tained. Choice offerings of new Potatoes from
across the bay were in fair request at 3fj ic per
pound, while small and poor offerinss could
not be sold even below the minimum quotation.
There was no fresh Rhubarb, received and car
ried-over stock dragged at previous prices. The
Rhubarb growers of Alameda County have ap
pointed a committee to perfect organization
and the association will hold Its Initial meeting
early next week.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 90c®
$1 05 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 40© I 60 per
ctl; . Oregon Burbanks. $1 10@l 35 per ctl;
River Reds. 60@75c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, 90c
fijl per ctl: Early Rose. 90c&$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 15 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $1 60©l 75 per ctl; Green
Onions. per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. &S"c per lb;
String Beans. 15® 17 He per lb: Wax. 8@12^c:
Tomatoes trom Los Angeles. $1@1 23 per box
or crate: Rhubarb. 7©8c per lb: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $191 25 per box;
Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, ~SOcf/?l per dozen for
small and $1 lAYa'2. for large: Garlic. 5
©tic per lb; Ees Plant. 17H©20c per
lb; Dried Peppers. RSSc per lb for Stock
ton and 10<912Hc for southern; Dried Okra,
12M|o per lb; Green Peppers, 12'jc per lb:
Mushrooms, 35@50c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbird Squash, $10@15 per ton for round
lots and %@%c per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
Trade in live Poultry was rather quiet, but
prices of all descriptions were unchanged, as
the market was but slenderly supplied with
domestic stock, and the two cars of Western
that came in on the preceding day were about
cleaned up. All dealers - were anticipating: an
active market for next week, when Poultry
will be in demand among the Chinese for their
New Year festivities. About 50 cases of dressed
Turkeys came in and good stock met with a
steady demand at lSt^lc per pound, while poor
lots dragged at 10ft 17c.
Game was in light -receipt, and, although the
stock was poor and thin, everything cleaned
up well. Ducks especially being in demand.
Sprig and Teal were quoted higher. *
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. ie®21c per lb;
live Turktys, 15Vl7c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $5 50<Q<S
per dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens.
$5 KOiitt for large and $4 5OQ5 50 for small:
young Roosters. $fi-g7; old Roosters, $5i|
5 50; Fryers. $5 50©6; Broilers, $4 50*g5 for
large nnd $3 5O'£4 50 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25igi 50 per dozen for old and $2 23#2 50
for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3®4 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@5; Sprig. $2 50<93; Teal.
$1 50@2; Widgeon. $1 50Tjl 75: email Ducks,
$1; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. T5c®
$1 25; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, $4 50 for large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe., $3: common Snipe, $1 60; Wild
Doves, $1; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
«• . .. n. .1, ■- ■■■■■■
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter was again quoted weak, with dealers
offering creamery firsts freely at 2S©2»Vjc and
some extras were also reported offered at 2S 1 ic.
The tendency Is now downward, while stocks
are larger than they have been and the de
mand is light. Buyers are holding off.
There is no change In Cheese, supplies being
as large as ever and the demand slack.
The regular annual increase in Egg receipts
seems to have set in, and those for the past
; several days have averaged over 1000 cases per
> day. The market is no lower, but the feeling
is rerx>rted less firm, while the demand, which
I has hitherto been eager, is now decidedly slow.
The price tendency is downward.
Receipts were 42.700 lbs Butter. 10SS cases
EgRS and 25,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2Sc for firsts. »©30c
for extras and 26®27%c for seconds; dairy. IS®
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage. 21#22c
for extras, 17620c for seconds and 16@13c for
ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 10^Sll%e for good to choice new
and 9810c fcr lower grades : Young Amer
icas. Iiei2c: Eastern. lS'tfltic; Western. 14t»
15<? per lb.
EGGi; — Ranch. 2C©27c for choice to fancy
and 25c for small and mixed colon; itore,
' •-'.-> g'JUc; cold storage cleaned up.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Owing to the cloudy and threatening weath
er trade in the fruit market was very quiet
and prices of all descriptions were without
quotable change. Aside from a limited de
mand for the large sizes of Navels there was
practically nothing doing In Oranges and the
auction which was announced for 'yesterday
was postponed until Monday.
Strictly fancy Apples were. still rather scarce
and pucli stock was in good'request at steady
prices.. Supplies of the cheaper grades were
plentiful, but not excessive and quotations
were unchanged.
APPLES— $1 73@2 per box for extra
fancy; $1 25&1 CO for ordinary fancy. S5c&$l
for choice and 50@75c for common.
PEARS- Winter NellU from cold storage.
$1 7502 per box.
CITRUS VRUITS— Navel Oracges. $1 50«2
per box for fancy. $1 25@1 75 for choice and
.VtrftSl for standards; Seedlings. 6Oc0$l:
Tangerines, 75c@$l 50 per box; Lemons, $1 73
©2 5f> for fancy, $1 S.Val 60 for choice and
75c@$l for standard: Grape Fruit. $1 50<g2 50;
Mexican Limes. J4G4 50; Bananas. $192 per
bunch fcr Hawaiian and $202 50 for Central
American: Pineapples. $1 5002 60 per dozen for
Central American and $305 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
There Is nothing new to report In this
market. The demand for everything is still
slack.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7 1 / J«9?ic for Royals and 9
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 49
6%c: sup-dried. 304c: Peaches. 406Hc; Pears.
6@10c; Nectarines 4®5%c: Figs, white. 494}£e
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. «©»c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2H62%c for the four
sizes. .-.sguWS
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904 : Standard grades.
60-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5%c per
lb; 3-crown. S^c: 4-crown. 6*ic: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. *hic: Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5*ic;
Seedlecs Sultanas, unbleached. 4 He; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. &V,c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy duster*.
$2: 3-crown London Layers. $1 33; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 23, usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy lS-oz
cartons, per lb, ~%e: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. ti*ic; fancy bulk-cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-08 cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-«a
cartons, per package. 6>4c; choice bulk car
tons per lb. ,7*ic; 18-o» cartons, seeded Seed
lings Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. S*£c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb.,6»ic.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13«4@l4c:
No. 2. HV$@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@U%c:
No. 2 ll©llHc: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOHc for I X I* 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
6%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6£7c for Eaitern;
Pecans. US 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. 6©7c per lb. * .
HONEY — Comb. lO011^c for white »nd 8}fitr
' 9Vjc for amber; water whit* extracted. 59
!Hic: light amber extracted. 44Q4%c; dark.
3 *BEeW AX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions. .
• Chicago was x weak. and wires to Mitchell.
Mulcahy & Co.< said that Southern specula
tors were loaded up. and the break in cotton
was doing them no good. Receipts of Hogs
continue large.
Local dealers reported more firmness to
this market, with a possibility of some
changes In quotation* before long. At pres
ent there is no change. •
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lOWc per lb for
heavy ll%c for light medium. 13tfe for light.
14o for extra light and 16c Tor sug-ar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hants. 13*4c; California
Hams 12%©13c: Mess Beef. $1150 per bbl;
extra Mess, $12612 50; Family. $13; prime
Mess Fork, $16; extra dear, $24; Mess, $18;
AUCTION SALES
jfes £a i±»
AUCTION SALE
63 HEAD Or WELL BROKEN HORSES
Of every description a- one carload assorted
rubber-tire buggies and rew and second- Hand,
harness. This is a chance seldom offered to
liverymen to get high grade of new rubber-"
tired rigs at their own prices, as this carload
must b e disposed of to the highest bld>ler. Sale
takes place at E111s-»tre<?t Stable-. H15 Ellla
street, Monday. February >s. at 11 o'clock.
S. WATK1NS. Auctioneer: phone East 743.
Dry Salt«(l Pork, lie: Pig Pork. $27; Plg<*
Feet, $5 25: Smoked Ueef. 15c per lb.
LARD — TUrces quoted at 7c per lb foe
compound and S)*»c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
94c; 10-lb tins. kOc; 5-lb tins. 10', c. 3-lb tins.
lO^ic.
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 94c: three
half barrels. 9c; one tierce. S T ic; two tierce*.
8%c; five tierces. S^c p«r lb.
Hides, Tallozc, Wool and Hops.
Some salt Hides are quoted firmer.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about VjQlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 04c; medium. S^ic; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and Sc for light: Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip, ftc: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
TUUc; dry Hides. 13@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25t*30c each:
short Wool. 40QtS3c each: medium Ticiiiiuc: Ions;
Wool, fl^l 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2#2 60 for medium. $1 23«1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry*
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $131 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. &0c; medium 33c;
small. 20c.- ,
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3^c; grease. 2433c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs', ft^
lie: Middle County. llS12e: Northern De
fective B<310c: Nevada, 13tf}13c;. Oregon, fine.
lSS19c: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25030c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17®2Cc for croft of 1904.
Meat Market. '
All deicriptlona remain as be-fore quoted.
General attention is concentrated upon th»
rain, which at the moment seems to be pass-
Ing off. What little has already fallen, how
ever has been of irreat benefit In many nec
tlons where the pasturage had wholly given
out and where the new grass will now start.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 64S7&C for Steers, and 63640 per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8®0c; small. 9©10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 94©10c; Zwes. 9@04a
>er lb.
LAMB — Yearlings. 104911e per lb; Spring.
I5«&16e.
PORK— Dressed no**. 7a*iAe per lb.
L1VF.STOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good. ?oun 1
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 3a
per e-nt shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8$9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — 4344c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 44£3c; Ewes. 4Utt»5aa
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5@54c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5i;«54c;
over ISO lbs. 5c; soft Hogs. 44c; t Sows. 2O per
cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off. «nd Stags. 40
per cent olt from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
DAGS— Grain Bags. 5H$5 l lc: s an Quentia.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece Twine. 749
8c. «
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton: New •Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $& 5O: Bryant. *0 5O; Bea
ver Hill. $<i: Standard. $7: Koslyn. 17:
Coos Bay. $3 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. *7: Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sack*: Pennsylvania Anthraclti* Egj.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $* 50 per ton; Coke. $11 UV<t
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 200O lbs and
' $12 80 per lonfr ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases.
add 3c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in ea9»s. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 10^1 12: Lucol. 44c for^botled
and 42c for raw, China Nut. €0<ff70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels 5Sc for Ceylon and 33s
for Australian: tJrtra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleaeted winter Whale OH. 65c; natural Whale.
OH, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. («5c-
Nol 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoct OIL 75c;
No. I Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herrinr Oil. 43c:
dark Herring; Oil. 4.1c; Salmon Oil. 3*c: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 2Sc; boiled Paint
OU. 33c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
in bulk. 13c; Pearl OU In rasos. 214c; Astral.
214c; Star. 214c: Extra Star. 254c; Elaine,
i "»74c: Eocene. 214c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 17c: tn cases. 234c: Benzine, la
bullL 13c: in cases, 194c; S6-degree Gasoline.
In bulk. 25c: in ease*. 31c.
TURPENTINE— S8c per gallon in eases and
82c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 64*>
7c per lb: "White Lead. 6437c. according t»
quantity.
SUGAR — Th# Western Supar Reflnfnj* Com
pany qaotfs a? follows, per lb. in 100-lb ban:
Cube*. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 3.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30t: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulat
ed (10O-lb bags only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
5.30c: Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.80c: Golden
C 4.70c: "D." 4.60c: barrels. 10c mors; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, KOc mere: PO-H> ban.
10p more for «11 kind*. Tablets^ — Half barrels.
5.S0e; boxes. 6.03c: H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
A.30c per lb. No orders taken for less thaa
seventy-five barrets or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. ' r
FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
Flour qr sks .. lS.Wf Screenings sks. 2<*»
Wheat ctls .... »3P feed, sks «2
Barley" ctls .... 2.2K3 Tallow, ctls ... 202
Oats ctls ..... 1.3S" Pelts. No 2?H>
Corn' West ctl. eOO|HIdes. No l.RSS
Beans sks 3C0; Sugar, ctls .... !MV>
Potatoes, sks ... 4.2OO | Quicksilver. Clc« 10S
Onions sks ... 2T>> Leather, rolls ;. 42
Bran. «ks 3.33.1 Wine gals .... 79.500
Middlings, sks.. 2^3. Brandy, gals .. SCO
Hay tons 474 s Paper, reams .. <R5
Straw tons .... 23:ume. bbls .... T72
OREGON
Potatoes, sks .. 4,200i
STOCK MARKET.
Bonds, Still Sell Well, but Stocks
Neglected.
As on the preceding day most of the business
on the Stock and Bond Exchange was la bonda.
the sales of stocks being very light. There
were no flnctuations worthy of note. The oil
and mining stocks continued dull and feature-
Ex -dividend yesterday: -»aciflc Lighting
Company regular monthly, 35c per share,
amounting to $14,000; Onomea Sugar Company,
regular montfcly. 20c per share, reduced from
40c amounting to $10,000: Cbutes Company,
regular monthly, 5c per shtere. amounting t»
The Zublate Mining Company of South Da
kota, a San 1 Francisco corporation. • has levied
an aseesement of 20c p«r share, delinquent
Marcb 12.
The La Palma Mining Company of the State
of, Durango. Mexico, has levied an assessment
of ■ 6c per share, delinquent March 18. .
The Sonthslde Irrigation Canal Company, a
Reno (NeT.) corporation, has levied an assess
ment of $1 per share, delinquent February 1*.
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Union Trust Company of San
Francisco the old directors were re-elected as
follows: Isalas W. Hellrcan. Henry F. Allen.
Antoine Borel. Chr. de Guiime. William U
Gerstle I. W. Heilman Jr.. J. L. Flood. Tim
othy Hopkins. George T. Marye Jr.. John D.
Spreckels, Robert Watt. Henry E. Huntinirton.
George A. Pope and Jacob Stern. Th» follow-
In* officers were re-elected: Isaias W. Hell
man, president: Robert Watt, vice president: I.
W Heilman Jr.. vice president and manager:
Charles J. Deerlng, ca.sh!er and secretary; J.
M. Israel, assistant cashier and assistant sec
retary. '
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Feb. 5—2 p. m.
CNITED STATE8 BONDS.
* Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4« or coup.. 107 108 4s qr cp newV24133*;
4s or reg..- - 107%|3s qr coup. .106i;iO7tI
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 63.119 \ —
Bay CPC 5S.102H — Do 5s ....109 —
Cal C G 5S.1034103 Do con 5s. 102 —
r-al G * E g ■ Oceanic S 5a. — 73
m 4 ct 58. — 104 Om Cable 6s. 123 —
Cal-st C 58.114 — Pac G Im 4s. 9tJ 100
C C Wat 6s. — 10* Pac E Rv 6s. — —
Ed L & P ««.l 25 l31 P * C H &.103 —
V A C H 6s. — 120 P&OR 6S.116 —
Oeary-st 5s. 45% 90 Powell-st fia.ll2%»"
HC&S 54S.1O4 — SE O*R 3s. — 100!^
Do 5s -'.-. 98%10O SF & &JV5s.llS«Jtl«4
Hon R T 6s.lW — Sierra R 6s. — 1124
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A Cs
L ART 5s..— IH*i (IOCS) ....1C3V —
LALCote. — — (1010) ....IC64 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s.lO3V» — O!»C3)Sr A.lM«;iO44
LAP lcm 5s. — 103 <1903>Sr B.WS 106
Mkt-st C 6g.U«ii - (190H> 1C«% —
Do lcm 58.115 ■ — (1912) . . . . — 118
NRK of Ces.106 — ISPC 1 c» 5*. - —
Continued ou Tagc Fourteen.
1516
HUGE BUILDING
TO BE ERECTED
Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany Is Beady to Carry Out
Its Plan of Improvement
0
WILL BECOME LANDMARK
Southwest Corner of California
and Sansome Streets to Be
Crowned With Costly Edifice
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany has docided to erect a great build
ing on the southwest corner of Cali
fornia and Pan?omc streets. While the
plnns havp not been prepared. It." is
probable, in viow of the large frontage
on California street, that the structure
will be larpor and more imposing than
t!ie Merchants' Exchange or the Hay
#vard buildins- It probably will be not
ltss than twelve stories high. Three
buih" .rs now occupy the ground.
These will be torn down as soon as the
now Merchants' Exchange building is
completed, which will be by the first
of next year if all goe well. The ten
ants of the Fireman's Fund are insur
ance oomp&nies. They will be housed
by the Merchants' Kxch re while the
Improvement! are goi;.g on at Cali
fornia and Sansunip street?.
The project of puttin^ ' up a great
building; has Ions been entertained by
tho directors of the Fireman's Fund In
pr.rance Company, but they have never
1 n quite ready to proceed until now.
Thfir land has 1"7:6 feet frontage on
California street, extending to the cast
side of the building owned by Alvinza
Hayward, at California and Leidesdorff
Ft reels.
Tho depth of the land is irregular.
The depth on Bassome street is 84:6
foot. This depth extends westward
£7:6 feet and there joins to an L. of 137:6
f« t d^eji. The frontage of the Mer
chants' Exchange on California street
If 113:3 feet, or ne?rly 2A.Z feet less
than the Fireman's Fund building will
covrr.
r\VO SMAlX IJOYS MAKE
A PECULIAR DISCOVERY
Him of William II. IJapge Find* EIoc
liicnl Ap;>IiaiK*c Suppos«*d to Be
Part of Infernal Machine.
The son of William H. Bagge. a
contractor of 31 S Bush Ftreet, found
an electrical appliance, known as a
condenser, in a vacant lot on Sacra
mento strict, 'between L:»urel and Lo
cust. Bagge had a contract for ex
cavating the lot for the building of
a barn. His boy was playing In the
sand with another youth and un
earthed the peculiar package.
At the time it was thought that the
condenser might have been made to
use as a portion of an infernal ma
ihine. but the absence of any explo
sives in the lot. which was thoroughly
dug up, caused the abandonment of
this theory. The condenser was com
posed of a long roll of pav affine-dipped
paper surrounding a sheet of tinfoil
equally long, with a copper wire con
nection at each end. The whole thing
was encased in a non-conducting coat
of paraffine and enclosed in a sealed
tin box. The apparatus could have
been used to explode a bomb. TJie
police have the matter in hand and
are s'earching for the owner.
New Branch Po*»oflice.
Customs Collector Stratton received
from the Secretary of the Treasury
yesterday authority to rent the ncces
pury rooms on Washington street for
the purposes of a branch postoffice
■when the present custom-house build
ing shall have been Vacated. It had
been proposed that the branch post
office to take the place of the present
mnin postoffice in the customs build
iNt should be opened in a corner of
the Appraisers' builuing, but Mr.
Stratton objected and showed the Sec
retary of the Treasury that the whole
*)f the Appraisers' building would be
necessary for customs purposes until
the proposed new custom-house shall
have been bu'lt.
(•r.-tml Jury Meets.
The Grand Jury held its first session
yvsicrdny. but transacted no official
business beyond discussing the work
l:»id out for the various committees,
which aro to make reports next Fri
"J.iy. District Attorney Byingtoii was
tloseted with the Grand Jury for
nbre thnn J'U hosr advising the mem
>^rs as to the l^gal pljaso of their in
restisallbns. N'o witnesses had been
feubpenaed.
\ccident the Cause of Dmth.
ir.jormauon received ny relatives in
ihis city is to the effect that Charles
tl. Goddard. a, mine promoter, report
iA drad in Nouthcrn Mexico, is alive.
Hie man who died was his brother,
Frederick P. Goddard, a well-known
-aJlroad man. His death was caused
>y the accidental discharge of a re
mlvpr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The World's
Favorite
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLING
PROMINENT FIRM'S MONEY
Edwin E. Stoddard, Trusted Employe of Dunham,
Carrigan & Hayden Company, Charged With
Utilizing Coin of Firm in Fast and Riotous Living
High living has brought ruin to an
other well-known good fellow along
the line. Edwin E. Stoddard. formerly
manager of the bicycle department of
Dunham, Carrigan & Com
pany, now stands before the world an
accused embezzler. Yesterday after
noon he was locked up in the City
Prison, charged with stealing $150
from his employers, though the real
amount of his peculations is said to
be at least $4000 and possibly a great
deal mure.
It is the same old story of a trusted
employe and a lenient employer. Ac
cording to the rumors tjjat' are fast
flitting about town, Stoddard has been
systematically robbing the firm by
which he was. employed for the • last
four years. It trusted him as far as
it could and when the proof of his
guilt was at last a certainty his em
ployers decided to prosecute him.
Last January. Stoddard was abrupt
ly discharged from his position and at
that time it began to be noised around
town that his accounts were not as
straight as they might be. Nothing
was said at the time, however, and
Stoddard went East to make arrange
ments for opening an automobile
agency in this city.
He returned a few weeks ago and
wus preparing to launch himself into
the new field when he was arrested
on a warrant sworn to by Andrew
Carrigan. vice- president of the Dun
ham, Carrigan & Hayden Company,
charging him with embezzling $150 of
the firm's money on July 12, 1903. .
STOPDARD IS ARRESTED. .
Stoddard was arrested and locked
up in the City Prison ip .default of
$5000 bonds or $2000 cash bail. . He
refused !to discuss the matter and re
tained Tiis composure till late in the
afternoon, when he expected he would
be bailed out. When the hours passed
by and.»no kindly friend came to his
rescue Stoddard became visibly wor
ried and h-is nervousness increased.
The downfall of Stoddard is -attri
buted to a rapid existence along "the
line." He was' ever known as a good
fellow, who was willing and ready to
spend his money when the opportunity
presented itself. He always dined at
the high-class restaurants and -it was
his wont to^have only the real sporty
element sealed at his table. ....
As long as Stoddard had money to
spend and time 'in which to spend it
his friends never, murmured and, life
was one long spell of -pleasure. But
finally, after he lost his position and
funds were not forthcoming as rapid
ly as of yore, tho friends of his former
days grew, indifferent.
He secured an automobile agency
in this city and was all'ready to start
in on his: new 'line of businesswhen
the crash came. It is said that Mr.
Carrigan called Stoddard into his of
fice yesterday and taxed him with be
ing short in . his accounts. Stoddard,
it is said, admitted his guilt :iud",told
his employer that he. had systemati
cally robbed the. firm for the last. two
years, making away .with -,"$4000 . or
more. ' ,'■••'■
CARRIGAN'S STATEMENT.
It is not yet known just ;how .much
Stoddard stole from the firm. 'Andrew
Carrigan, who swore to the complaint,'
said: '- "'V- . > '■•".. :
"It is true that we . have - to-day,
sworn out a warrant calling i for' the
arrest of .15. El Stoddard on a charge
of felony embezzlement, the amount
involved being $150. There is prac
tically nothing further- beyond this
mere statement other than to say that
Mr. Stoddard, acting as an agent of
the nham, Carrigan & Hayden
Company, collected this amount of
money and failed to make' any returns
for the same. Mr. Stoddard, having oc
cupied a- position of some responsi
bility with us, we considered' the; mat
ter sufficiently serious to warrant, us
in taking this action,- which ; we \ were
in duty bound to do." . '
Stoddard is married ". and ■ resided
*xi\W\ his wife at < 1814 Broderick
street. He Is 'about 3S years old and
was born in Michigan. Jie has. resided
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 0. 1904.
FORMER EMPLOYE OF
. WELL-KNOWN FIRM, AC
CUSED OF EMBEZZLING.
GRAIN DEALERS
WANT NEW RULES
Committee of the Merchants'
Exchange .Makes Report on
the Amendments Submitted
The grain committee of the Mer
chants' Exchange, which has been dis
cussing proposed changes in the grain
rules, made a preliminary report yes
terday morning., The"*, nmlttee favors
many of the changes suggested,- but
submitted a new resolution . altering
many. The plan was discussed at
length yesterday morning, and though
the majority of the speakers ' believed
that such alterations wouK broaden
the opportunities for grain trade at this
port, there were differences regarding
minor particulars and the matter went
over until next week. . ..
It is held by many that the grain
rules are loo stringent and. that the
business of .San Francisco has been
hampered thereby.
Northern ports are reaching out for
this profitable trade and members of
the exchange deemed it advisable, to
make such alterations in the rules as
would -ive. greater freedom to local
people. A set of amendments was .ac
cordingly prepared and submitted to
the committee. These amendments, if
adopted, "will be made applicable to de
livc. ies on contracts after July 1, 1901,
,Thc amendments favorably reported,,
are as follows: . . t
To rule 0 add flection 7: In making: deliv
ery on "time contracts'' of No. 1 wheat, eeller
shall have the right to deliver In lots of "JO0O
centals, either -No.-- 1 Vhltcwheat or No. 1-So
ncra wheat. Merchants' Exchange standard.
No. 1 blue »tem orNo.l Walla Walla white
wheat, standard- of the Chamber, of -Com
merce of Portland. Ore., when adopted by the
'Merchants' Kxchancc Should Walla Walla
white'' wheat be delivered, eeller shall j deliver
and buyer' shall. receive^and pay for' same nt
an allowance of !> cents* per- cental below con
tract. price. -Should -No. 1 6'onora be delivered
a tike allowance of -'.~ centu per cental shall
be made. • *-.■■-•
- The- allowances in the foregoing paragraph
are subject- to change when recommended by
the ' committee on*-RraJn. • Such changes to
be fietermlned by the. quality of the- season's
crops. • ' ."" . ■
To rule S add ccetlon 7: Unless otherwise
especially mentioned at the time of making
trades,' nil '•time contracts" for wheat shall b3
for No. 1 wh»at deliveries of same, J to be
made under the conditions of section 7 of
rule 0: .
Major SIcCIcllnn's Order Is Obeyed.
NEW YORK, Feb: 5.— Mayor Mc-
Clellan's ;'order ' to; close the <3rand
Opera-house- was complied with to
night by the' management. "A strong
force of police'was present to enforce
the order if necessary.
All dniRBists sell ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee, ".'jc. .'0e. •
in this city for a number of years and
has always been prominent in bicycle
circles. He has .been 'a member of
the" Bay City Wheelmen .„ for.a'long
time and prior to his connection with
the Dunham, Carrigan & .Hayden
Company was employed by Y'arious
prominent bicycle firms, in" the city.
Prominent orntoru use Piso's'Cure. It pre
vents; colds and' helps .the voice. . 25c. •
PARTNERS SHOW
NO RESENTMENT
Bolton and ])e Bifcytcr Feel
Priciidiy; Jfoxvard' Manager
-"Who Wrecked Their Firm
CREDITORS ARE SUSPICIOUS
Men for Whom: Credit Was Ex
tended Said to Have No
Standing- in Financial World
All kinds of rumors filled the air yes
terday concerning the failure of Bolton,
de Ruyter & Co.. the firm of brokers
that has "been forced to* the wall un
able to meet its obligations.
A peculiar state of affairs surrounds
the suspension of the brokerage firm,
and some of the creditors do not hes
itate to say that the members of the
firm may be called upon to explain
before the criminal courts the nature
of their business dealings.
Bolton and; de Ruyter preserved a
calm attitude yesterday. They pro
fessed that the public was not interest
ed in their failure and that they could
not give any information as to any of
their clients or their dealings.
The two members of the firm were
asked to give some explanation as to
the alleged dealings of Richard Genung,
their manager, which are supposed to,
have caused a loss to the firm resulting
in insolvency. Mr. de Iluyter said:
We Jo not thln'ic that Gpnun? Plas been
suilty of any action that would hold Jilm in
law. He simnly used the credit of the firm
to do businers on behalf of certain people.
Tho«<» people *;ere not able to meet the ob
ligations and the loss fell upon us. It may
be called a breach of faith or bad judgment
on the part of Genune to usp our money to
speculate for some of our customers. Our
bookkeeper. Daniel O'Conncll, was copnisant
of what was Eoins on and we think that he
ought to have notlflpd us of • thp state of
affairs. We admit that we have not exercised
that business acumen that we should have
done. Our business is a peculiar on- and
money is won or lost rapidly. Ye?, perhaps",
we should have known Just how we stooij
every day. but we did not.
Redington. the broker and real estate dealer
was si ven a credit of ?H».000 by Genunjc and
the loss falls on us. We personally woulj
not have clven Redington or any one else any
such credit. We ,do not know whether Red-
Injjton can make good the loss we have been
called unon to meet for him. •
GEXUXG REMAINS SILENT.
Genung declined yesterday to make
any statement as to why he saw fit to
extend the credit of Bolton, de Ruyter
& Co. to a man who has the reputa
tion of being "a curbstone dealer."
It is common talk in stock and bond
circles that Redington has no financial
standing. He has wealthy connections
and was worth some money a few years
ago. Whether Genung expected to
share in any profits that might accrue
in the deals for Redington is a matter
of surmise.
The fact remains that Genung, man
ager for Bolton, de Ruyter & Co., ex
tonded the credit of the firm for $40,000
in behalf of a man who had no financial
standing in the stock market.
In the language of the street, Red
ington "did his business in his hat."
He received his mall at 411 California
street, and his "office" expenses did not
exceed «0 per month.
Men of financial standing find it diffi
cult to induce brokerage firms to ex
tend credit for them on stock transac
tions. Yet Genung, manager for Bolton,
de Ruyter & Co., "carried" Redington
for more than eighteen months to the
extent of $40,000, and the principals of
the insolvent firm say* they did not
know of the transactions until last
Wednesday,
CLOSE EASTERN ACCOUNTS.
Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. telegraphed
to Eastern brokers on Thursday to close*
out their accounts. The stock held by
the insolvent firm in the East was sold
yesterday at the early morning New
York quotations. It will not be known
for some days whether Bolton, do Ruy
ter & Co. owes any money to its East
ern correspondents or whether the firms
in the East will have any balance to
hand over to the creditors of the in
solvent local firm.
Bolton and de Ruyter admitted yes
terday that they had not exercised the
vigilance that ordinary business affairs
demand. They excused themselves on
the ground that "Genung was their
manager" and "O'Conneli their book
keeper," and that they -were busy all
the time in "looking after the corre
spondence and the stock busines on
'change."
The experts who are working on the
books of Bolton & de^Uuyter will not
finish their work for some days, but it
is known that Genung extended the
credit of the firm for certain persons
who have had no financial standing for
nearly two years.
The creditors of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. want to know why the principals of
the insolvent firm did not trouble them
selves to find out just how they stood
with those who invested their money
in good faith.
WILT; NOT PROSECUTE GENUXg!
Bolton and de Ruyter stated yester
day that they did not propose to take
any ster>s against Genung, their man
ager. They characterized his actions
as "bad judgment," but showed no re
sentment against the man whom they
accuse of wrecking their business ca
reer. ' ■• :;,'■■' j
Attorney T. C. Van Ness, who repre
sents Bolton, de Ruyter & Co., said
yesterday that he had nothing new to
give out for publication. He repeated
his assertion that his clients did not
know until last Wednesday that Iheir
financial standing was gone or that
thoir manager had used up their* funds
for absolutely irresponsible clients.
J. J. Jelette of the firm of Jelctte &
Myefstein. the .attorneys who repre
sent the creditors of Bolton, de Ruyter
& Co., said y*terday. that the insolvent
firm of .brokers had been given an op
portunity to prepare a .statement.- and
that nothing could be done until, the
statement was secured. The committee
of the creditors, of which Jelette is the
chairman, will meet ' with "Bolton and dc
Ruyter this afternoon in order to at
tempt to straighten out the tangle of
the insolvent . brokers. . Whether the
creditors of Holton. . do Ruyter & Co.
will receive any satisfaction remains to
he seen. . , - -";•"♦ - . • . .
Do you wear glasses? Properly fitting
glasses and Murlne Eye Remedy promote
Eye. comfort. v Murine makes weak eyes
strong. Druggists nnd opticians.- •
-NEW .--YORK, Feh. 5.— The Italian . training
ship Amerlso \>i»pucol.- under command uf
Count dl Itivel. ,wjth SCO cadets on board,? at>
lived hert to-day. . ',
GIVE FIGURES
ON REVENUES
Spring Valley Company's Of
ficials Testify at the Super
visors' Water Rates Inquiry
RECEIPTS OX INCREASE
Pointed Questions Asked Rc
gnrding' Qporating Expenses
and New Construction Item
The Board of Supervisors met last
night ns a commitee of the whole for
the purpose of resuming its investiga
tion into. the operations of the Spring
Valley Water Company, preparatory to
fixing the rates to be charged for
I water during the next fiscal year. The
: first q-uestion to be considered was that
of the revenue of the company from
all sources since July 1, 1902.
Braunhart suggested that the com
mittee take up consideration of the
property now in actual use in supply
ing water and the value thercof^-but'
Attorney M. B. Kellogg stated that
the company was not prepared to an
swer questions on that point.
Pelham Ames, secretary of the com
pany, was the first witness and he tes
tified as to the specific items going to
make up the receipts .of the corpora
1 tion during various periods. Ames, re
plying to question, said that a charge
of $12 or $15 was made to consumers
for service connections, the receipts
for which, during f903, were $7959 92.
This amount, Ames' said, was charged
to main repairs, but did not enter into
the operating expenses and was credit
ed as a "balance.".
Replying to Attorney Kellogg's ques
tion, Ames said that any profit result
ing from service connections was
credited to new construction.. D'An
cona asked why the' money collected
was notcredited as receipts and Ames
said that- the balance left after the
cost had been paid diminished the cost
of new construction.
RECEIPTS FOR (SIX MONTHS.
Chief Clerk Booker testified that the
receipts of the company for the six
months ending December 31, 1903,
were:
From private consumers $01.1.324 63
From shlppins 60,181 00
From City and County of San
Francisco CS.392 33
Total ?I^031,S98 SS
Booker estimated that the receipts
for the six months ending June 30, 190 i,
would be about $1,053,000, of which $935,
000 would be from consumers, $50,000
from shipping and $68,000 from,the city.
This estimate would make the totals
revenue of the company for the fiscal
year 1903-04 the sum of $2,OS1,S98 88. \
"We have had more than S000 new
families on our list of consumers," said
Booker, "and there has been a wonder
ful filling up of vacant houses. The
average number of vacant houses in .
1903 was 2260 computed monthly. Last I
year the average was 2361, and for the j
past ten years as high as 4219. We se
cured 1918 new customers and turned '
on. water for 1116 old consumers last
year."
Ames was recalled and testified in
detail as^to the operating expenses of ;
the company from July 1, 1902, to De
cember 3i; 1903. "ThP expenses for the
MABKS BROS.
Safe of MERCER I ZED SATEEN
PETTICOATS at about Ys to
Y-2, OFF Thsir Regular Prices
75c SKIRT as pictured A fC -
seils to-day tor . . Cr
A* GZ~ WOMEN'S SATEEN PET-
Ml OOC Ti COATS; deep flounce,
made with two RUFFLES; a splen-
did 90c VALUE.
A* 7 Pin WOMEN'S SATEEN PET-
Hl I OL TICOATS; flounce neafy
trimmed with two ruffles, finished
with tailor-stitched bands; a good
$1.00 QUALITY. I
m. or. WOMEN'S SATEEN PET-
Ml OOC TICOATS in BLACK and
WHITE STRIPES; deep accordeon
plaited flounce, finished with narrow
ruffle; sold regularly for $1.25.
A* Qc'l WOMEN'S BLACK SAT- I
Hi OOC £ E fif PETTICOATS; ac- I
cordcon plaited flounce; deep dust I
ruffle. It's our regular $1.35 value. I
A* C7 OH WOMEN'S SATEEN
HI 0I.ZU PETTICOATS; flounce
made with two ruffles; trimmed with
3 bands of tailor-stitched bands.
Formerly sold for $1.50.
" Ai Q1 AR WOMEN'S SATEEN
Ml yl.VO PETTICOATS; flounce
•trimmed with two ruffles, tailor-,
stitched bands and clustered rows of
cording. A GOOD S1.75 VALUE.
l^sPEcrAJT^
ffl HOSIERY
35c CHILDREN'S CASH-
MERE HOSE; ft>
Spec/a/ io-oay, S\Jls
'Our MAIL-ORDER FRIENDS May Take
Advantage of these Special Safes. Send
in your name and address and we will
mail you' FREE of CHARGE. Our MAIL
ORDER BOOK No. 3 for 1904'. .
MARKS BROS.
HONEST VALUES.
1220-22-24 Market Street, '
Be t Taylor and Jones.
halfs^ i_____JL}S!:..--v.-
Hales Way a Good Way; Many Are-Traveling It
. Look to Hale's for vour stock-
ings. You will never be dis-
ah ? S appointed- very often sur-
( l } prised. Here are some
Women's Black Stockings to-day at I2^'c. Not common
I2>4c ones bv anv means, but extra heavy and clastic , scam-
less, doubly 'strong at the soles, heels and toes; every size.
New lace stocking? for women only 25c.
Infants' Stockings that wilfbegood reading for mothers
J 2 y 2 c infants' fine gauge stockings/black, seamless, long and elas-
n£ la^ldn£. x 5 c; worth W They -^to^nd fig
at 25c, but here are plenty in all sizes (4 to 6), i 3 c. i-me Iisie-
thread finish. Pink, blue, if d, black and white.
20c infants' fine lisle stockings. ,. „_!___
?5c infants' lace lisle thread ones, full fashioned feet; all colors.
=^s=ss^=i Reduced this morning.
All Mercerized f s tiZ'S%t |
Wa I c+ c $t-55* formerly $1.95 and$2.$o.
VVcUfcU-. $2. 9S , formerly $3.50- * nd *3-95-
These prices don't more than cover the bare cost of the mate-
rial. They will go to-day with a jump. Bargain tables, main
•' fl . oor - . . ';,'; :
===== Women will be glad to know
Silk (llnvp«5 we have them; that they are
caoJ.) the good double-tipped gloves
==^=5^;;^=====^ that don't wear out at the fin-
gers, and that they can pay the same old prices for
them. 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50.
50c ones; women's or misses', 2-clasp, fane v embroidered backs;
blacks, whites, modes, grays; sizes 5 to 8ti.
75c ones; 2-clasp, with one row of embroidery on the Back; 5s
$1.00 'ones; 3-clasp with Paris point embroidery, on the backs; 31
$1.30 ones; 2-clasp, very elaborately embroidered backs, in contrast-
========= Soft silk ones, peau de soies or
New Belts taffetas, black or white. Then
(Haie^ give them gold stitching, a
=========== — = gold buckle and a crocheted;
ornament or two. Those are fashion's belt secrets'
this spring.
Hcnr tricy are revealed in all their beauty and can you imagine
anything that would be prettier than gold in its variations? You
don't need to pay more than 50c to c*et a pretty one. The 75c
ones are of gold braid with a gold harness buckle. $I.OO ones
have a touch or t\yo of gold crocheted rings. Then at $1.25 and
$r.-o are many original styl 3. See them to-day. See them at
Hale's.
Chewing Cindy. lCc Dot V^E^S? <f^^ ffl # mOTiSCl OU,
••Dixie Pickanin- ffiPAffl&3%R& 0^ sSS? «2«is Near Sfvth
nics" it's called. A /jgV /&/****&*^*^ ***** gB^ llCOT JL\U1,
Southern Wea. A ISV c* xr *
mixture of nuts and •^~ I —^ aM £?**C& GQQIt&^r O3I1 IT3.nCISC0.
mclasses. -
six months ending December 31, 1903,
were $274,583 16." said Ames, "and those
for the six months ending June 30, 1904.
I estimate at the same figure, or a total
of $550,000. which exceeds by $44,000 the
estimate we made at the last inquiry."
ADOPTS PROCEDURE.
On Braunhart's motion the following
procedure was adopted for the inquiry:
1. Consideration of all tlie property of the
Spr.'nir Valley Company now in use tor sup
plying water to the city, and the value thereof.
2. The character and nature of. the property
not in use and the value thereof.
H The nature and character of permanent
improvements and new construction, atid the
value and cost thereof.
4. . A statement In detail of the operating
expenses for the first half of the fiscal year
19C.1-1PO4. and those for the calendar year IDO:
and the fls^-al year 19QS-1MX
5. Consideration of the estimated amount oC
money required to pay taxes.
« The present capitalization of the Spring
Valley Water Company, comprising its stocks
and bond*.
7. Statement of uhat charges are made to
opera tins expenses and to construction account,
for offit-e expenses, salaries of bookkeeping,
engineering and other departments.
Regarding the amount of $6S0,767 01
expended for new construction. Cyril
Williams Jr., assistant engineer of the
company, testified that the improve
ments were actually in use or are be
ing prepared for use. notably the work
on the Calaveras dam, costing $4O,22S 50.
'Then that item must be deducted
from the valuation." said Braunhart,
to which Attorney Kellogg agreed.
Williams said there was some pipe
for the Pleasanton wells not actually
used, and Kellogg promised to submit a
statement thereon. Williams said the
two boilers at the Belrnont pump, cost
ing $9254, as well as some pipe, would
be used by July 1. 1904. "Williams said
the amount of water used in 1903 from
Lake Merced was 1,696,000,000 gallons,
and he was asked to prepare a state
ment of the depths of all the reservoirs
of the company.
Ames said the capital stock of the
new company is $23,000,000. while its
bonded indebtedness is $1,345,000. and
that of the old company $13,630,000. The
floating indebtedness of the new com
pany is $520,500, bearing interest at 4
per cent, which is charged to the main
tenance account. \ .
STKATTOX 3IAKES MAXY
TRANSFERS OP EMPLOYES
Inspectors Appointed Extra *. Assistant
Weighers, With Their Salaries
Increased to $1 a Day.
Customs Collector Stratton has been
requested by thV Secretary of the
Treasury to recommend some person
in the customs service, skilled as an
organizer, to take charge of the
bureau of appraisement and examina
tion at the St. Louis Exposition. All
expenses and a salary will be paid.
Mr. Stratton has announced the fol-
, lowing promotions and transfers:
" C. B. Sexton, clerk, promoted and trans
ferred to position of sampler at $1200 a year,
vice YV. K. Hatch, assigned to Los Angeles.
YV. K. Trejcea. clerk, at ?ICOO a year, promot
ed to clcr»s>hip at $1200 a year, vice C. B.
Sextcn, transferred.
William Phoedovlus, Inspector, at $3 a day.
transferred to position of extra assistant
weigher at $» a day. when employed, vice
Charles E. Kesselcr. promoted.
Joseph Wilson, inspector, at $-1 a day, trans
fei§"d to position of extra assistant weigher
at ?4 a day, when employed, vice Lloyd Spen
cer, resigned.
Amandus J. It. Paulsen, Inspector at $3 a
day. transferred to be extra assistant -weigher
at $1 a day, when employed, vioe Frank It.
Handley. promoted.
Arthur H. Clifford. Inspector at $:; a day,
transferred to position of clerk at $0<X> a year,
vii-e Otto n. A. Schmidt, transferred.
Frank R. Handlry, assistant weigher at ?l a
day, when employed. ' promoted to position of
regular weigher at $1000 a year, vice J. SI.
I>urkin, removed.
Wants Andrew* Picrcy Removed.
E. M. Piercy, a son of the late Alary
Piercy, .applied to'the Superior Court
yesterday for an order revoking the
appointment of his brother. Andrew
J. Piercy, as administrator of his
mother's estate. The petitioner avers
that his brother, because of his intem
perate habits, is unfit to manage the
estate, and alleges further that he ob
tained the appointment because his
brothers and sisters were not noticed
to appear and show cause why he
should, not be intrusted Yvith the man
agement of the estate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SATUaDAY— MONDAY — TUESDAT.
rJUTTKU. best dairy: .1 squares ?1.<M»
Bt'TTI'n,. best mado: square *,.... -T»«»
ECUJS. besi selected: dozen .:!'»
CREAM. Poppy Rrnnd: .1 cans .Ur.
SPI-IT PEAS, ffrrt-n ones; « pounds *»""►
RAISIXS and CCIjUANTS; 3 ri-ST?. ~"J
CO-OPERATIVE STOR^
PORK and RF.ANH. Van Camp's; 3 cana JJU"
JAMS end JELLIES, home made; Jar... .1.1
SOAP;- Pearl Savon; 7. cakes 2T»
RICK, Carolina Head: .'; pounds......... .«."»
TEA. Spider Leg:. :i pcunjs. „.„.... _,..-„. l.«M»
EEANS. Lima, new crop; U rcun-ls". ..... ..^t*
COD. GROCERY CO. Inc.
JOHN ROBIXSOX, President
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Telephone Polsom 31S.
\ Dollar m |
j i . / f\ Teas I
I Premium L || coffees |
I Free " " spices §
1 *u C u Cent5 Baking |
g with Each V v«^*i, n * ■
jj VVorth Powder
rl j!>^' The y are Beauties q i
H^KT^ A thousand kinds /jfo |
IS BH to e ' ec * from.
I if It Pays to ft
I 1^ Trade at J
g Great American Importing Tea Co's
i Stores I
6] Ml Market 210 Grant »r. 1419 Polk f
m 149 Si-tfii 1&I9 Devi wder* 705 Larkia |
■ <75Hai«ht 300« Sixteenth JS5 H»r»<t I
HS235 Mission 121 Montrt'y «to. 52 Market t
tS2008FQlmore 2516 MUs'on 146 Ninth ■
jg 366 Thfed 2732 »4th 469F«mrth f
fit E i| ,' |L\2j£. W.
| "CRESWELL" |
I ARROW A COLLAR I
9 QUARTER SIZES. 15 CCNTS EACH, H
M TWO FOR 23 CENTS. Cj
H CLUETT, FEABODY A CO., {$
1 1 MAKgftS Or CLUCTT AMO MOWABCW SHUTS EB
r) visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
IBUSEUH OF AHATOMY^
A gft i:s:]usxz7:r.ta.S'*>7a.3.7.:i!.£
\ . C „ Th^ u *? t1t Aaatosical Mneam in she \
C t*si I 1 **. "''^ e»kae*>e» or .my contracted n
0 UZ&Ztl DS * JORDAJ *-O!SEASES CF MEN A
\ 7S^)n Coaiulunon free »nd ttrictly j>ri»»t.. \
m I A*' I U Tr " ::n «» prrv>Ml> y or br letter. A A
\ H W II B *•"*•"• cw# in "«•> ease nmterakea. V
nFn IIV _**ri«. for Belt, r BlLO*«Pa V «f A
"* H P »*«lUes. MAK.ED FKEB. (a9
,\ |j JJ, wliuble book for bipu) j
V DK. JORJ»A> * CO.. 10S1 M.irbetSt..S. F 0
— 1
ETERYJBLAltmRRANTED
T7EEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAE.