The Sunday Call Magazine2
THE TWO VANREVELS
IN view of the furpnsing
dearth of really good books
during the past season
some of those that made
their appearance a year or more
•go are now enjoying a re
markable new popularity; none
more so than "The Two Van
revels," by Booth Tarkington,
which may, however, be better
accounted for* by the fact that
this last creation is said to be
by far the best novel ever writ
ten by the talented young au
thor of "Monsieur Beaucaire"
and "A Gentleman From Indi
*r.»." It is a stirring story, and
io great has been the demand
for It that the Sunday Call, fol
lowing its literary policy of giv
ing it* reader* the very best
American literature obtainable,
has icccred it by special ar
rangement* with the publishers.
It will therefore be printed
complete in the Sunday Call
Magazine in four installments —
of which this Is the second —
an offer never before equaled
in the West. "The Two Van
revels" cannot be secured any
where in any other form for
less than five times what it will
cost you in the Sunday CalL
* — ;
Copyright by McClura, Phillips & Co.
O"f FIGURE appeared upon It lxn
[\ diately. that, of a gentleman,
1^ bareheaded and In evening
X dress, with a brass trumpet
s* ir.ging- from a cord about his shoul
ders; the noise grew le E s; the shouting
died away, and the crowd became al
most client, as th. figure, climbing
Two^V ?r w UP abovt thelr n eads
Two or three rungs beneath, came a
Th° n^ man ia helmet and uniform.
The do hes of both men, drenched by
thebucketeers. clung to them, steam.
Si?'* the second ngure mounted, a
third appeared; but this was the last.
S"^^ adderWaS fra!1 -*na ragged to
cf the "hreT.^^ **" ""* ** WCl * ht
The chief three-fourths of the way to
mLT' S , h ° Uted d0Wn ' a ««»•« com
mand, and a short grappling ladder,
fitted at ore end with a pair of spiked
Iron hooks, was passed to him. Then fa.
the third rung from the top; here he
£25t£9** h5s back "the wall!
hf 2 i 16 Era PPHns-ladder high over
his head so that it rested against the
rhlrn, 7 e hlm ' and brou * ht " d °™
f harply fastening the spiked hooks in
the roof. As the eaves projected fully
three feet, this left the grappling-lad
der hanging that distance out from the
wall its lowest rung a little above the
level of the chiefs shoulders
« m,7 B^»y drew m her breath with
■ little choked cry. There was a small
terr aced . nm of p , led . up pjlckln5
**ar her. possession of which had been
taken by a company of raggamufflnish
boys and Ehe f ound herself BtandIn&
on the highest box and sharing the
rumrr.it with these questionable youths.
almost without noting her action in
mounting thither, so strained was the
concentration of her attention upon the
figure high up in the rose glow against
the warehouse wall. The man. surely
eure: y . was not solne to trust himself
to that bit of wooden web hanging
from the roof! Where wi. Miss Ba
reaud that she Dermltted it? Ah if
Betty had been Fanchon. and madwo
man enough to have accepted this mad
man, she would have compelled him to
come down at once, and thereafter
would lock him up in the house when
ever the bells rang!
But the roof was to be mounted or
Robert Carewe's property lost. Al
ready little flames were dancing up
from the shingles, where firebrands
had fallen, their number increasing
with each second. So Vanrevel raised
his arms, took a hard grip upon the
lowest rung of the grappling-ladder
and tried it with his weight; the Iron
hooks bit deeper into the roof; they
held. He swung himself out into the
air with nothing: beneath him. caught
the rung under his knee, and for a mo
meat hung there, while the crowd with
held from breathing; then a cloud of
rmoke. swirling that way, made him
the mere ghostly nucleus of itself,
blotted him out altogether, and, as It
rose slowly upward, showed the ladder
free and empty, so that at first there
■was an instant when they thought that
he had fallen. But. as the smoke
cleared, there was the tall figure on the
roof.
It was an agile and a daring thing to
do, and the man who did it was might
ily applauded. The cheering bothered
him. however, for he was trying to
make them understand, below, what
would happen to the engine company
In ca?e the water was not sent through
the lines directly; and what he said
should be done to the engineers in
cluded things that would have -blanched
the cheek ot the must inventive Span
ish inquisitor that ever lived.
Miss Bettv made a gesture as if to a
person within whispering distance.
"Your roat is on fire," she said in an
ordinary- conversational tone, without
knowing she had spoken aloud, and Mr.
Van revel, more than one hundred feet
Bvsy, seemed particularly conscious of
the pertinence of her remark. He re
moved the garment with alacrity, and,
for the lack of the tardy water, began
to use it as a flail upon the firebrands
end little flames about him; the sheer
dcFpernte b*>st of a man in a rage, do
ing what he could when others failed
him. Showers of sparks fell upon him;
the smoke was rising everywhere from
the roof and the walls below; and.
proving denser and denser, shrouded
him in hpavy veils, so- that, as he ran
h her and thither, now visible, now un
swn, stamping and beating and sweep-
Ing away the brands that fell, he
eeemed but the red and ghostly carica
ture of a Xerxes, ineffectually lashing
the Rca. They were calling to him lm
plorinply to come down. In heaven's
Bim<> to come down!
The second man had followed to the
top or tn» ladder against the wall, and
there he paused, waiting to pass up the
line of hose when the word should come
that the force pump had been repaired;
but the people thought that he waited
because he was afraid to trust himself
to the grappling-ladder. He was afraid,
exceedingly afraid; though that was
not why he waited; and h» was still
chuckling over the assault of the axes.
His situation had not much the ad
vantage of that of the chief; his red
shirt might have been set with orange
Jewels, so studded it was with the fly-
Ing sparks; and, a large brand drop
ping upon his helmet, he threw up his
hand to dislodge it and lost the helmet.
Th« great light fell upon his fair hair
and smiling, face, and it was then that
Miss Betty recognized the Incroyable
of her garden.
CHAPTER VI.
TEOB EVER UNPRACTICAL. FEMI
NINE.
It was an investigating negro child of
tender years, who, possessed of a petty
sense of cause and effect, brought an
illuminative simplicity to bear upon the
problem of the force pump; and a mul
titudinous agitation greeted his discov
ery that the engineers had forgotten to
connect their pipes with the river.
This naive oml|sion was fatal to the
second warehouse; the wall burst into
flame below Crailey Gray, who clung
to the top of the ladder, choking, stifled
and dizzily fighting the sparks that
covered him, yet still clutching the
nozzle of the hose line they had passed
to him. When the stream at last
leaped forth, making the nozzle fight
tn his grasp, he sent it straight up in
the air and let the cataract fall back
upon himself and upon the two men
beneath him on the ladder.
There came a moment of blessed re
lief; and he looked out over the broad
rosy blur of faces in the street, where
no one wondered more than he how the
■water was to reach the roof. Suddenly
he started, wiped his eyes with his wet
sleeve, and peered Intently down from
under the shading arm. His roving
glance crossed the smoke and flame to
rest upon a tall, white figure that
stood, full-length above the heads of
the people, upon a pedestal wrought
with the grotesque Images of boys; a
girl's figure, still as noon, enrapt, like
the statue of some young goddess for
whom were made these sacrificial pyres.
Mr. Gray recognized his opportunity.
A blackened and unrecognizable face
peered down from the eaves, and the
voice belonging to It said angrily:
"Why didn't they send up that line
before they put the water through it?"
"Never mind, Tom," answered Crai
ley, cheerfully. "I'll bring it up."
"You can't: I'll come down for It.
Donf be every kind of a fool!"
"You want a monopoly, do you?" And
Crailey. calling to Tappingham Marsh,
next below him, to come higher, left
the writhing nozzle in the latter's pos
session, swung himself out upon the
grappllng-ladder, imitating the chief's
gymnastics, and immediately, one hand
grasping the second rung, one knee
crooked over the lowest, leaned head
down and took the nozzle from Marsh.
It was a heavy weight, and though
Marsh supported the line beneath it, the
great stream hurtling forth made it a
difficult thing to manage, for it wig
gled, recoiled and struggled as if it
had been alive. Crailey made three at
tempts to draw himself up; but the
strain was too much for his grip, and
on the third attempt his fingers melted
frrfm the rung, and he swung down
fearfully, hanging by his knee, but still
clinging to the nozzle.
"Give it up, Crailey; it isn't worth it,"
Vanrevel called from overhead, not dar
ing the weight of both on the light
grappling-ladder.
But though Crailey cared no more for
the saving of Robert Carewe's prop
erty than for a butterfly's wing in
China, he could not give up now, any
more than as a lad he could have for
borne to turn somersaults when the
prettiest little girl looked out of the
Echooihouse window. He passed
the nozzle to Toppfngham, caught
the second rung with his
left hand, and, once more hanging
head downward, seized the noz
zle; then, with his knee hooked tight,
as the gushing water described a huge
semi-circle upon the smoke and hot va
por, he made a mad lurch through the
aia, while women shrieked: but he
landed upright, half-sitting on the low
est rung. He climbed the grappllng
ladder swiftly. In spite of the weight
and contortions of the unmanageable
beast he carried with him; Tom leaned
far dewn and took It from him; and
Crailey. passing the eaves. »li, ex
hausted, upon the roof. Just as he
reached this temporary security, a lady
was borne, fainting, out of the acclaim
ing crowd. Fanchon was there. %
Word had been passed to the gentle
men of the "Engine Company" to shut
off the water in order to allow the line
to be carried up the ladder, and they
received the command at the moment
Tom lifted the nozzle, ko that the
stream dried up in his hands. This was
the last straw, and "the blackened,
singed and Bcarred chief, setting the
trumpet to his lips, gave himself en
tirely to wrath.
It struck Crailey, even cs he lay,
coughing and weeping with smoke, that
there was something splendid and large
in the other's rage. Vanrevel was ordi
narily so steady and cool that this was
worth -eeing, this berserker gesture;
worth hearing, this wonderful profan
ity, like Washington's one fit of curs-
Ing; and Crailey, knowing Tom, knew,
too, that it had not come upon him be
cause Carewe had a daughter Into
whose eyes Tom had looked; nor did he
rage because he believed that CraUey's
life and his were in the greater hazard
for the lack of every drop of water that
should have isued from the empty noz
sle. Their lungs were burdened with
smoke, while the Intolerable smarting
of throat, eyes and nostrils /was like
the incision ut a thousand needles in
the membranes: their clothes were lu
minous with glowing circles where the
sparks were eating; the blaze widened
on the wall beneath them, and Marsh
was shouting hoarsely that he could no
longer hold his position on the ladder;
yet Crailey knew that none of this was
in Tom's mind as he stood, scorched,
blistered and haggard, on the edge of
the roof, shaking his fist at the world.
It was because his chance of saving the
property of a man he despised was be
ing endangered:
Crailey stretched forth a hand and
touched his friend's knee. "Your side
of the conversation is a trifle loud.
Tom," he said. "Miss Carewe is down
there, across the street, on a pile of
boxes."
Tom stopped in the middle of a word
for which he may have received but
half a black stroke from the recording
angel. He wheeled toward the street,
and, shielding his Inflamed eyes with
his hand, gazed downward In a stricken
silence. From that moment Mr. Van
revel's instructions to his followers were
of a decorum at which tot the meek
est Sunday-school scholar- dare have
caviled. •
The three men now* cm the long lad
der, Marsh, Eugene Madrlllon and Will
Cummings, found their position unten
able; for the flames, reaching all along
the wall, were . licking at the ladder
itself, between Marsh and Eugene. "I
can't stand this any longer," "gasped
Tappingham, "but I "can't leave those
two up there, either." "" . ' ,
"Not alone," shouted Cummings'from
beneath Madrillpn. "Let's go i up."
Thus it happened;: that when the
water came again, arid Vanreyel let It
fall In a grateful cascade upon. Crailey
and himself, three manly voices were
heard singing, as three men , toiled
through the billows of rosy gray, below
the beleaguered pair: s •-.
"Oh the noble Duks of Tork, '
' Ha had ten thousand men; . :■ • .
Be marched them up the. side of * boum.
And marched f.hem down again!" '".*.. ' .
A head appeared above the eaves, and
Marsh, then Eugene, .then Cummings,
came crawling over the cornice In turn,
to. Join' their comrades. They were a
gallant band, those young gentlemen
of Rouen, and thje.y .' came 4 with the
ironical song on. their lips, and, looking
at one another, ragged and; scarified,:
burst into hoarse but: indomitable
laughter. ;.^ - •
Two others made an -attempt to fol
low, and wouM not be restrained. : It
was noticed that parts of the lower lad-
frHE 5A# FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
der had been charring; and the ladder
men were preparing to remove It to a
less dangerous point, when old General
Trumble and young Jefferson Bareaud
made a rush to mount It. and were well
upon their upward way before the lad
der, weakened at the middle, sagged,
splintered and broke, Trumble and Ba
reaud falling with it. And there was
the grappling-ladder. dangling forty
feet above the ground: and there were
the five upoii the roof.
The department had no other ladder
of more tha^ half the length of, the
shattered one. Not only the depart
ment, but every soul in Rouen, knew
that; and there arose the thick.' low
sigh of a multitude, a sound frightful
to hear. It became a groan, then
swelled Into a deep cry of alarm and
lamentation..
, And now, almost simultaneously, the
West wall of the building, and the south
wall; and all the southwestern portions
of the. roof, "covered themselves with
voluminous mantles of flame, which In
creased <4S hugely and with such sav
age .. rapidity that the one stream on
the roof was seen to be but a ridiculous
and useless opposition.
Everybody began to shout advice to
his neighbor; and nobody listened even
to/ himself/ 'The firemen were In as
great a turmoil as was the crowd,
while women covered their 'eyes.
Young Frank Chenoweth'was sobbing
curses tiponithf bniised ah,d shaking
Trumble and Jefferson Bareaud, who
could only si and remorseful, im potently
groaning:, anS made no answer.
' The ,walls of the southernmost ware
house - followed . the., roof, crashing: In
ward erne after the other, a sacrificial
pyre with its purpose consummated;
and in the seeth arid flare of its passing.
Tom .Vanrevel again shaded his eyes
with. his hand, and looked down across
the upturned faces. The pedestal with
the grotesque, carvings was still there;
but the crowning figure had disap
peared—the . young' goddess was . gone.
For she, of all that throng, had an
Idea in her head, arid;. after: screaming
It to every man within reach, only to
dlsci/ver the impossibility; <5f making
herself understood in that Babel, she
was struggling to make her way toward
the second warehouse, .through' the
swaying Jam of people. "It was a diffi
cult task, as the farther in s she man
aged to go, the denser became* the press
and the more tightly she found the peo
ple Wedged,'. until she'recelyed involun
tary aid from ' the firemen." In , turning
their. second stream to play ■ effectually
upon the lower strata of ' flame.' they
accidentally 'deflected It .toward the
crowd, .whV separated • wildly, leaving a
big gap; of whlch'^Mlss ; Betty took In
stant advantage.* .She' 'darted across,
and the next moment, '.unnoticed, had
entered the ' building through ' the , door
which Crailey Gray hadjopened.
-The five young, men^on-the^ roof were
well' aware" that.-. there'.was' little to do
but wait, and soon they would .see
which was to win, they of the fire; so
they shifted their line \of hose" to the
eastern. front of the building— out ' of
harm's way, for a little time, at. least—
arid held the nozzle steady, watching
Its work. And In truth It was not long
before they understood which would
conquer. The southern and western
portions of the building had flung out
great flames that fluttered ' and flared
on the breeze like Titanic flags ; and
steadily, slowly, at first, then 'faster aa
the seconds flew-, the five were driven
backward, up" the low' slope of the roof
toward the, gable-ridge.*. Tom Van
revel held the first Joint of the nozzle,
and "he. -retreated.' with .a sulky face,
lifting his fopt grudgingly at each step.
They were all silent now. and no one
spoke until Will Cummings faitered: '.
. "Surely . they'll get a rope up to us
some way?". • • ■ . -■ ' . ,'. '
■'Will' knew as well as the others that
there was no way; but his speech
struck the sullen, heart of the chief with
remorse. He turned. ''I hope you'll all
forgive me for getting 'you. up here."
A sound,, half sob, half" giccle, came
from the. parched lips of Eugene Mad
rlHon. as.h* patted Tom on the shoul
der without speaking, and Crailey
nodded quietly. th£n~ left the group and
went to* th« 'eastern" edge of the roof
and 'looked' out upon the crowd. Cum
mlnps dropped the line and sat down,
burying his hot face In his arms, for
they all saw that Vanrevel thought "it
was no. use," but a question of a few
minutes, and they, would retreat across
the gable and either Jump or go down
with the roof.
Since the world began, idle and in
dustrious philosophers have speculated
much upon the thoughts of men about
to die; yet it cannot be too ingenuous
to believe that such thoughts vary as
the men, their characters and condi
tions of life vary. Nevertheless, pursu
ant with the traditions of minstrelsy
and romance, it is conceivable that
yc/iing. unmarried metl,- called upon to
face desperate situations, might, at the
crucial moment, rush to a common ex
perience of summoning the vision, each
of his heart's desire, and to meet, each
his doom, with her name upon bis Hp«.
An extraordinary thing occurred in
the present Instance, for. by means of
some fragmentary remarks let fall at
tha time, and afterward recalled-^uch
as Tappingham Marsh's gasping; "At
least It wlll.be on her father's roof!"
and from other things later overheard,
an Inevitable deduction has been
reached that tout of the fire gentlemen
In the perilous ca»» herein described
were occupied with the vision of th«
same person, to wit:" Miss Elisabeth
Carewe. "the last— the prettiest— to
come to town!"
Crailey Gray, alone; spoke not at all:
but why did he strain his eye« toward
that empty pedestal with the grottsqu*
carvings? Did he seek Fanchon there,
or was Miss Carewe the last sw««t Ap
parition In the fancies of all flv» of tfl*
unhappy young men?
The coincidence of the actual appear
ance of the lady among them, th«refor«,
seemed the more miraculous, when,
wan and hopeless, staggering desper
ately backward to the gable-ridge, they
heard a clear eontralto voice behind
them:
"Hadn't yon better all com* down
now?" it said. "The stairway will b«
on flr« before Ions."
Only one thing could haye been more
shockingly unexpected to the five than
that there should be a sixth person on
the roof, and this was that the sixth
person should be Miss Betty Carewe.
They turned, aghast, agape, chop
fallen with astonishment, stunned and
incredulous."'
She stood just behind the gable-rldge,
smiling amiably, a most incongruous
lltle Dink fan in her hand, the smoke
wreaths partly obscuring her and curl-
Ing between the five and her whits
dress, like mists floating across the new
moon.
: "Was It but a kindly phantasm of the
brain? "Was It the incarnation of the
last vision of the lost volunteers? Was
it a Valkyrie assuming that lovely
likeness to perch upon this eyrie r wait-
Ing to bear their- heroic souls to Val
halla, or— was it Miss Betty Carewe? -
To the chief she spoke— all of them
agreed to that afterward — but it was
Crailey who answered, while. Tom could,
only stare, and stand wagging his head
at the lovely phantom, like a Mandarin
on a shelf.
"My mother In heaven!" gasped Crat»
ley. ""How did you come up here?"
"There is a trap in the roof on the
other side of the ridge," she said, and
she began to,fan herself with the pink
fan. "A stairway runs all the way
down— old Nelson showed me through
these buildings yesterday— and that
side isn't on fire yet. I'm so sorry .1
didn't think of it until a moment ago,
because you could have brought the
water up that way. But don't you
think you'd better come down now?"
CHAPTER VIL
THE COMEDIAN.-
N6t savage Hun,- nor "barbarous
Vandyke." nor demon Apache, could
wish to dwell upon the state of mind
of the chief c-f the Rouen Volunteer
Fire. Department: therefore, let th«
curtain of mercy descend. Without a
word, he turned and dragged the nozzto
to the eastern eaves, whence, after- a
warning gesture to those below. h«
dropped It to the ground. And, out ot
compassion, it should be little more
than hinted that the gesture of warning
was very slight.
When the rescued band reached the
foot of the last flight o& stairs, they be
held the open doorway as a frame for
a great press of intent and contorted
faces, every eye still strained to watch
the roof; none of the harrowed specta
tors comprehending the appearance of
the girl's figure there, nor able to see
whither pfce had led the five young
men. until Tappingham Marsh raised a
shout as he leaped out of the door and
danced upon the solid earth again.
Then,. Indeed, there was a mighty up
roar; cheer after cheer ascended to th»
red vault of heaven: women wept. ~ien
whooped, and the people rushed for the
heroes with wide-open. welcoming
arms. Jefferson Bareaud and Frank
Chenoweth and General Tremble
dashed at Tom. Vanrevel with incoher
ent cries of thankssiving. shaking his
hands. and beating him hysterically up
on the back. He greeted them with bit
ter laughter.
"Help get the water Into the next
warehouse; this one Is beyond control,
but we can save' the other two'. Take
the lines In— through the door!" He
brushed the rejoicing friends off ab
ruptly, and went on In a queer hollow
voice: "There are stairs— and I'm so
sorry I didn't think of It until a moment
ago. because you could have brought
the water up that way!"
'A remarkable case of desertion had
occurred the previous Instant under h»s
eyes. As the parly emerged from the
warehouse into the street. Tom heard
Crailey say hurriedly to Miss Carewe:
"Let me get you away— come quickly!"
saw him suddenly seize her hand, and.
eluding the onrushlns crdwd; run with
her round the corner of the building.
And. somehow, through what inspira
tion, or through what knowledge of his
partner's "temperament." heaven
knows, the prophetic soul of the. chief
was unhappily assured that" Crailey
would offer himself as escort to her
home, and find acceptance. But why
not? Was It Crailey wno had publicly
called his f ellowman fool. Idiot, lmbe-cl!e. at the to? of his lungs, only to
find h!rr»elf the proven numskull of the
.universe! Tom stood for a moment
ataring after the vanishing pair, while
ever his face stole the strangest ex
pression thct ever man caw there; then,
with meekly bov.ed shoulders, he
turned again to his work.
At the corner c-f the warehouse. Miss
Carewe detnehed her hand fropi Crai
l«jr"«, yet still followed him as he made
a gunk detour round the next buiiding.
A niirutc; or two later they found
theniselvcs. undetected, upon Main
street in the rear of the crowd. There
Crsiley paused.
"Forgive me." he said, breathlessly,
"for taking your hand. I thought you
would Jjke to ?et away."
She regarded him gravely, so that he
found it difficult to road her look, ex
cept that it was seriously questioning;
but uheiher the ir.teriogation was ad
dressed to him or to herself he cou!d
- not determine. After a silence she said:
"I <I«_f:i't know why I followed you. I
believe it must have been because you
di-in't give rr.<? time to think."
This, c* course, made him even
quicker tilth her than before. "'It's all
over." hf said briskly. '"The first ware
house is gone; the second will jro. but
they'll save the others easily enough.
row that you have pointed out that the
lines may be utilized otherwise than as
adjuncts of perfurmances on the high
trapeze!" They were standing by a
picket fence, and he leaned against it.
evercome by mirth in which she dia
not join. Her gravity reacted upon him
*t once, and his laughter was stopped
ehort. "Will you not accept me as an
escort to vour home?" he said for
mally.
"I do not know." the returned simply,
the sort of honest trouble in her glance
thfit is seen only in very young eyes.
"What reason in the world!" he re
turned, with a crafty sharpness of as
tonishment.
Fhe continued to gaze upon him
thoughtfully, while he tried to look Into
her eyes, but was baffled because th«
radiant beams from the lady's orbs (as
the elder Chenoweth might have said)
rested somewhere dangerously near his
chin, which worried him. for, though
his chin made no retreat and T»as far
from IH-Iooking. it was. nevertheless.
that feature which he most distrusted.
"Won't vtru tell me why not?" he re
peated, uneasily.
"Because," she answered at last,
speaking hesitatingly, "because it isn't
eo easy a matter for me as you seem to
think. You have not been introduced
to me. and I know you never will be,
and that what you told me was true."
"Which part of what I told you?"
The question escaped from him Instan
ter.
"That the others .might come -when
they liked, but that you could not."
"Oh, yes, yes." His expression altered
to a sincere dejection: his shoulders
drooped, and his voice indicated su
preme annoyance. "I might have
known some one would tell you! Who
«u It? Did they say why I "
"On acount of your quarrel with my
father/*
"My 'quarrel with your father!" he
exclaimed: and h!s face lit with an
elated surprise; his shoulders straight
ened. He took a etep nearer her, and
asked eagerly: "Who told you that?"
"My father himself. He spoke of a
Mr. Vanrevel whom he disliked, and
whom I must not meet; and. remem
bering what you said, of course I knew
that you were he."
"Oh!" Cralley's lips began to form a
smile of such inimitable sweet
ness that Voltaire would have trusted
him; a smile altogether rose leaves.
•"Then I lose you," he eaid. "for my
only chance to know you was In keep
ing it hidden from you. And now you
understand!"
"No." she answered gravely, "I don't
understand; that is what troubles me.
If I d!d and believed you had the right
of the difference. I could believe it no
sin that you should speak to me. should
take me home now. I think it is wrong
not to act from your own understanding
of things."
The younic rr.an set his expression as
one indomitably fixed upon the course
of honor, cr.st what it might; and. in
the very action, his lurking pleasure in
doing it hopped out in the flicker of a
twinkle in 'his eyes, and as instantly
nought cover again — the flea In t" i
rose- jar.
"Then you must usk some other," he
said, firmly. "A disinterested person
should tell you. The difference was
political in the begirming. but became
personal afterward; and it Is now a
quarrel which can never be patched up,
though, for my part, I wish that It
could be. I can say no more, because a
party to it should not sneak-" •
She met his level look squarely at
last: and no man #>ver had a more
truthful pair of eyes than Crailey Gray.
for It was his great accomplishment
that he could ad lust his emotion, his
reason and something that might be
called his faith, to fit any situation in
any character.
"You mav tr<ke me home," she an
ewered. "I may be wrong, and even
disloyal; but I do not feel it so now.
You did a very brave thing to-night to
save him from loss, and I think that
what you have said was just what you
should have eaid."
So went down the street, the
hubbub and confusion of the fire grow
ing more and more indistinct behind
them. They walked slowly, and, for a
time, neither spoke; yet the silence
w.is of a kind which the adept rejoiced
to have produced thus soon — the If sec
ond meeting. For he believed there
were more strange things In heaven
and earth than Horatio wot: and one
of the strangest was that whenever he
was near an attractive woman during
during a silence such as this, something
not to be defined, but as effective as it
was definite, always went out from
him to her. It was like a word of ten
derness, a word too gentle, too compell
ing, too sweet, to be part of any. tongue,
spoken or written. And mort, this in
effable word had an echo, and came
back' to him from the woman.
As his partner had in dress, so Crai
ley had with women, some color of the
beau; but it was not in what experi
ence had given him lo recouuize as a
fact: tb^at they were apt to fall in love
with hhn. (That they wer* apt to re
main in love with him — he understood
perfectly — was another matter.) And
he knew when they were doing it; couid
have told them accurately, at each
step, what they were feeling, thinking,
dreaming, during the process, because
he was usually exhibiting the same
•symptoms to himself at the same time.
Thus, his own breast occupied with
that dizzy elation which followed its
reception of the insane young god's ar
rows, and his heart warm with the
rise of the old emotion that he knew so
well, he was nevertheless able to walk
with bis finger on the pulse of the ex-
quisite moment her heart-beats his
own.
So, to his fancy, as they walked, the
little space between them hung with
brilliant strands, like gossamer chains
of gold, already linking them together;
every second fixing another slender,
precious fetter, binding them closer,
drawing her nearer. He waited until
they passed into the shadows of the de
serted Carewe street before he spoke.
There he abruptly stopped; at which
ehe turned, astonished.
"Now that you have saved my life."
he said, in a low, tremulous tone, "what
are you going to do with it?"
Her eyes opened almost as widely as
they had at her first sight, of him in
her garden. There was a long pause
before she replied, and when she did, it
yas to his considerable surprise.
"I have never seen a play, except the
funny little ones we acted at the con
vent," she said, "but isn't that the way
they speak on the stage?"
Crailey realized that his judgment of
the silence had been mistaken, and yet
it was with a thrill of delight 'that he
recognized her clear reading of him.
He had been too florid again.
"Let us go." His voice was soft with
restrained forgiveness. "You mocked
me once before."
"Mocked you?" she repeated, as they
west on."
"Mocked me," he said, firmly.
"Mocked me for seeming theatrical,
and yet you have learned that what I
said was true, as you will again." .
"Well, tell me what you mean when
you say I saved your life."
"You came alone." he began, hastily,
"to stand upon that burning roof "
"Whence all but him had fled!" Her
laughter rang out. Interrupting him.
"My room was on the fourth floor at St.
Mary's, and I didn't mind climbing
three flights this evening." . i'ilij
Crailey's good-nature was always
perfect. "You mock me and you mock
me!" he cried, and made her laughter
but part of a gay duet. "I know I have
gone too fast, have said things I should
have waited to sav: but. ah! remem
ber the small chance I have against
the others who can see you when they
like. Don't flout me because I try to
make the most of a rare, stolen moment
with you."
"Do!" she exclaimed, grave upon the
instant. "Do make the most of it! I
have nothing but inexperience. Make
the most by treating me seriously.
Won't you? I know you can, and I —
I—" She faltered to a full stop. She
was earnest and quiet, and there had
been something in her tone, too— as
very often there was— that showed how
young she was. "Oh!" she began
again, turning to him Impulsively, "I
have thought about you since that
evening in the garden, and I have
wished to know you. I can't be quite
clear how it happened, but even those
few minutes left a number of strong
impressions about you. And the strong
est was that you were one with whom
I could talk of a great many things, if
you would only be real with me. I be
lieve^ — though I'm not sure why I do —
that It is very difficult for you to be
real; perhaps because you are so differ
ent at different times that you aren't
cure, yourself, which the real vou is.
But the person that you are beginning
to be for my benefit must be "the most"
trifling of all your selves, lighter and
easier to put on than the little mask
you carried the other night. If there
were nothing better beneath the mask,
I might play, too.". .-' ,
"Did you learn this at the convent?"
gasped Crailey. . • . ;
"There was a world there 'in minia
ture," she answered., speaking - very
quickly. "I think all people are made
of the same material, only in such dif
ferent proportions. I think a Htle
world might hold as much as the larg
est. If you thought it all out hard
enough, and your experience might be
just as broad and deep in a small cor
ner of the earth as anywhere else. But
I don't know! I want to understand— I
want to understand everything! I
read books, and there .are people^-but
no one who tells me what I want —I—"
"Stop." He lifted his hand. "I won't
act; I shall never 'play' for you again."
He was breathless; the witching silence
was nothing to what stirred him now.
A singular exaltation rose in him, to
gether with the reckless impulse to
speak from the mood her vehement
confidence had inspired. . He gave way
to It! ' • ' ' • -
"I know. I know," he said huskily.
"I a'U you mean, all you
feel, all you wish. It is all echoing
here, and here, and here!" He
touched his breast, his eyes and his
forehead with the flncers of his long
and slender hand. "We sigh and strain
our eyes and stretch out .our. arms in
the dark, groping always for, the
strange blessing that is. just beyond our
grasp, seeking for the precious un
known that" lies just over the horizon!
It's what they meant by the pot of gold
where' the rainbow ends^-only, it may
be there, after all!"
They stopped unconsciously, and re
rriained standing at the lower end .of
the' Carewe hedge.. The western glow
had faded," and she was gazing, at him
through the darkness. leaning forward,
never dreaming 'that her tight grasp
had broken the sticks of the little pink
fan. • •
"Yes," she whispered, .eagerly. "You
are right; you understand!" •
He went on. the words coming faster
and faster: "We are haunted— you. and
I— by the wish to know all things, and
by the question that lies -under every
thought we have: the agonizing Whith
er? Isn't it like that? It is really
death that makes us think. You are
a good Catholic;- you go to mass; but
you wish to know. Does God reign, or
did it all happen? Sometimes It seems
so deadly probable that the universe
just was, no God to plan it, nothing but
things: thRt we die as sparrows die,
and the brain is all the soul we have, a
thing that becomes clogged and stops
some day. And Is that all?"
She shivered slightly, but her stead
fast eyes did not shift from him. He
threw back his head, and his face up
lift«l to. the jeweled sky of the moon
less night, was beatific In its peaceful
ness, as he continued In. an altered
tone, gentle and low:
"I think all questions are answered
there. The stars tell It all. When you
look at them you know. They have put
them on our flag. There are times
when this seems but a poor nation ;
boastful, corrupt, violent, and prepar
ing, as it is. now, to steal another coun
try by fraud and war; "yet the stars
on the flag always make me happy and
confident.' Do you see the constella
tions swinging aboveus, such unimag
inable .vastnesses, not roving or crash
ing through the illimitable at haphaz
ard, but moving in more ) excellent
measur*. and to a finer rhythm, than
THE ■"•.SAN, FRANCISCO SUNDAY CA1X.
the most delicate clockwork man ever
made? The great ocean-lines mark our
seas with ; their paths through the
water; the fine brains of the earth are
behind the ships that sail from port to
port, yet how awry the system goes!
When does a ship come to her harbor
at an hour determined when she sailed?
What is a ship beside the smallest
moon of the • smallest world? But,
there above us, moons, worlds, suns, all
the infinite cluster of colossi, move Into
place to the exactness of a hair at the
precise instant. That instant has. been
planned, you see; it is part of a system
—and can a system exist that no mind
made? Think of the mind that. made
this' one! Do you believe so inconceiv
ably majestic an intelligence as that
could be anything but good? . Ah, when
you wonder, look \ above ydu; . look
above you in the night, I say," he cried,
his hand upraised like his transfigured
face. "Look above sou and you will
never fear that a sparrow's fall could
go unmarked!" ■ '
It was not to the stars, that she
looked, but to the orator, as long as he
held that pose, which lasted until a
hard-ridden horse came galloping down
the street. As itdashed.by, though the
rider looked neither < :to right nor left.
Miss Betty unconsciously made a fev
erish clutch at. her companion's sleeve,
drawing him closer to the hedge.
. "It is my father," she said hurriedly
In a low voice. I'He must not see you.
You must never come here. Per
haps — •• she paused, then quickly
whispered: "You have been very kind
to me. Good-night."
.He looked at her keenly, and through
the dimness saw that her face was
shining with excitement. He did not
speak again, but, taking a step back
ward, smiled, faintly, bent his head in
humble -acquiescence, and made *1a
slight gesture of his hand for her to
leave him. She set her eyes upon his
once more, then turned swiftly and al
most ran along the hedge to the gate;
but there she stopped and looked back.
He was standing where she had left
him. his face again uplifted to the sky.
She waved him an uncertain farewell,
and ran Into the garden, both palms
against her burning cheeks.
Night is the rreat necromancer, and
strange are the fabrics he weaves; he
lays queer spells; breathes so eerie an
intoxication through the dusk; he can
cast such glamours about a .voice! He
is the very king of fairyland.
Miss Betty began to walk rapidly* up
and down the garden paths, her head
bent and her hands still pressed to her
cheeks; now and then an unconscious
exclamation burst from her, incoherent,
more like a gasp than a word. A long;
time she paced the vigil with her stir
ring heart. "her skirts sweeping the dew
from the leaning flowers. Her lips
moved of ten, but only the confused, ver.
hement "Oh, oh!" came Crota them.un
til at last she paused in the middle of
the garden, away from the trees, where
all was open to the sparkling firma
ment, and extended her arms, over her
head. "^ ~ V*
"Oh, strange teacher," she said aloud.
"I take your beautiful. stars! I shall
knew Tturw t» learn from them!"
' Eh* cased steadily upward, earm.pt,
Taer eyes resplendent wit* t&efcr «wa
starlight.
•*«•. stars, stars I" sire whlspere*
. In ; the teeth of all wizardry, night's
spells-do- pass at 'sunrise; marvelous
poems sink to doggerel, mighty dreams
to blown ashes . and solids regain
weight. Miss Betty, waking at day
break, saw the motes dancing in the
sun at her window, and watched them
with a placid, unremembering eye. She
began to. stare at them in a puzzled
way, while, a, look of , wonder slowly
spread over .her face. Suddenly she sat
upright, as ' though . something had
startled her. -,Her fingers clenched
" "Ah, if that was playing!" ; —
CHAPTER VIII.
A TALE OF A POLITICAL DIFFER
ENCE.
: Mr. Carewe was already at the break
fast-table,, but the .light of his-counte
nance, hidden behind the Rouen Jour
,nal, was not vouchsafed to his .daugh
ter when she took her place opposite
him. nor did he, see fit to return her
morning greeting, from which she gen
erously concluded that the. burning of
the two warehouses had .meant a severe
loss to him. - ... ■
"I. am. so sorry, father," she said
gently. (She had not called him "papa"
since the morning after her ball.)
"I hope it isn't to be a great trouble to
you." There was no response, and,
after waiting for some time, she spoke
again, rather tremulously, yet not tim
idly: "Father?".
•He -rose, and upon his . brow were
marked the blackest lines of anger she
had ever seen, so that she. leaned back
from him, startled;- but he threw down
the open paper before, her on the table.
and struck.it with his clenched fist.- .
•'Read that!" -be said. And he stood
over her while she read. •
There were some grandiloquent head
lines: "Miss Elizabeth Carewe-an An
gel of Mercy! S Charming Belle--. Saves
the Lives.,-* Five Promlne- . citizens!
Her Presence of Mmd Prevents Confla
gration From -Wiping .out the , City!"
It- may be noted- that Will Cummings.
editor and proprietor of the Journal,
had written these tributes, as well as
the. whole account, of the ivening's
transactions, and Miss' Betty loomed as
large in Will's narrative as In his good
and lovelorn heart. >There was. very
little concerning; the fire in the. Journal;
it. was nearly all about Betty. That is
one of the misfortunes which pursue a
lady who, allows an editor to fall in
love. with her. . . . -•'-
However.. there was a scant mention
of the arrival of the Volunteers "upon
the scene" (though none at all at the
cause of their delay), and an: eloquent
paragraph was devoted to their hand
some appearance, Mr. Cummings hav
ing been one of, those who Insisted that
the new uniforms should be worn.
"Soon,", said t he Journal, "through the
daring of the chief of the department,
and the captain of the hook-and-ladder
company, one of whom ''placed and
mounted the grappling-ladder, over
which he was immediately followed by
the other carrying the hose, a stream
was sent to play ' upon the • devouring
element, a feat of derring-do person
ally witnessed by a majority of our
readers. Mr. Vanrevel and Mr. Gray
were joined by Eugene Madrillon, Tap
pingham Marsh and the editor of this
paper, after which occurred_ the , unfor
tunate accident tc_ the long .ladder,
leaving the five named- gentlsmen. In
their, terrible predicament, face to face
with death in its most awfulform. At
thla trighltul moment"— and all the
rest was about Miss Carewe.
As Will himself admitted, he had
"laid himself out on that description."
One paragraph was composed of short
sentences, each beginning with the
word "alone." "Alone she entered the
shattered door! Alone she set foot up
on the first flight of stairs! Alone she
ascended the second! Alone she mount
ed the third. Alone she lifted her hand
to. the trap! Alone she opened it!" She
was declared to have made her appear
ance to the unfortunate prisoners on the
roof, even as "the palm-laden dove to
the despairing Noah." and Will also as
serted repeatedly that she was the
"Heroine of the Hour."
Miss Betty blushed to see her name so
blazoned forth. in print: but she lacked
one kind "of vanity, and failed to find
good reason for more than a somewhat
troubled laughter, the writer's purpose
was so 'manifestly kind In spite of the
bizarre result. ■• . ~ ' V
"Oh, I wisher.; Cummings hadn't!"
she exclaimed.- "it. would have been
better not td »p*ak -of me at all, of
course: but I can't see that there is
anything to resent-rit'is so funny!"
"Funny!" Mr. Carewe repeated the
word In a cracked ' falsetto, with the
evident intention of .mocking her, and
at the same time hideously contorted
his face into a grotesque Idiocy cf ex
pression, pursing his lips so extremely,
and setting his brows so awry, that his
other features were carried out of all
familiar .likeness, effecting an altera
tion as shocking to behold in a man of
his severe cast of countenance, as was
his falsetto mimicry to hear. She rose
In a kind of terror, perceiving that the
contortion was ] produced in burlesque
of her own expression, and, as he
pressed nearer her, stepped back, over
turning her chair. She had little recol
lection of her father during her child
hood; and as long an she could remem
ber, no one had spoken to her angrily,
or even rousrhly.
- As she retreated from him. he leaned
forward, thrusting the hideous mask
closer to her white and horror-stricken
face.
"You can't see anything to resent in
that!" he gibbered. "It's so funny, is
it? ' Funny! . . Funny! Funny! I'll
show you whether it's funny or not. I'll
show you!" His voice rose almost to a
shriek. "You hang around fires, do
you, on the public streets at night?
You're a nice one- for me to leave in
charge of my house while I'm away,
you trollop! What did you mean by
going up on that roof? You knew that
damned Vanrevel was there! You did,
I say, you knew it!" <
She ran toward . the . door with a
frightened cry; but he got between It
and her, menacing her with his up
raised open hand, staking them over
her.
"You're a lovely daughter, aren't
you!" he shouted hoarsely. "You knew
perfectly well who -was on that roof,
and you went! Didn't you go? Answer
me that! If I'd had. arms about me
when I got there, I'd have shot that
man dead! He . was ' on my property,
giving orders, the black htund! And
when I ordered him out. he told me if
I interfered with his work before It was
finished, hp'd have me thrown out — me
that owned .the whole place; and there
wasn't a man that would lend me a pis
tol! 'Rescue!' You'd better rescue him
f-aom me, you palm-laden dove, for I'll
shoot him. I will! I'll kill that dog; and
he knows . it. He can bluster in a
crowd, but he'll hide now!' He's a
coward and "., ■
"He came home with me; he brought
me home last night!" Her voice rang
out in : the room like . that of some
other person, and she hardly knew that
it was herself who spoke-"/.',
."You lie!" he screamed, and fell back
from her, his face. working as though
under the dominance of some physical
disorder, the flesh of it. plastic beyond
conception, so that- she cried out and
covered her, face with her arm. "You
lie! I saw you at the hedge with Crai
ley Gray, though you thourht I didn't.
What do you want^to He like that for?
Vanrevel didn't even speak to you. I
asked Madrillon. You lie!"
He choked upon the words; a racking;
cough shook him from head to foot;
he staggered back and. dropped upon
her overturned chair, his arms beating
the table In 'ront of him, his head
jerking spasmodically backward and
forward as he gasped for breath.
"Ring the bell,", he panted thickly,
with an incoherent gesture. "Nelson
knows. Ring!" • '.
Nelson evidently knew. He brought
brandy and water .from the sideboard
with no stinting hand, and within ten
minutes Mr., Carewe was in his accus
tomed seat, competent to finish his
breakfast. In solitude,' however, he sat.
and no one guessed his thoughts.
For Miss Betty had fled to 'her own
room and had bolted the door. She lay
upon the bed, shuddering and shivering
with nausea, and cold, though the day
was warm. .Then, like a hot pain In
her breast, came a homesickness for
St. Mary's, and the flood-tide of tears,
as she thought of the quiet convent In
the sunshine ».f the west, the peace of
it, and the goodness of everybody theraw
" Sister Cecilia !" Her shoulder*
shook with the great sob that followed
this name, dearest to her in the world,
convulsively whispered to the pillow.
"Dear Sister Cecilia!" She patted the
white pillow with her hand, as though
it were the cool cheek against which
she yearned to lay her own. "Ah, you
would know— you would know!" With
the thought of the serene face of the
good sister, and of the kind arms that
would have pone round her in her trou
ble, her sobbing grew loud and uncon
trollable. But she would not have her
father hear it. and buried her face deep
in the pillow. After a time, she began
to grow quieter, turned, and lay with
wet eyes, .her under Ud quivering with
the deep intake of each broken sigh.
"Oh, stars, stars, stars!" she- whis
pered.
"Missy?" There came a soft knock
upon the door and the clink of sliver
upon china. "Missy?"
"What Is it?"
So auick was Miss Betty that, al
though she answered almost at once,
the tears were washed av.ay, and shs
was passing a cool, wet towel over her
eyes at the moment she spoke.
"Jas me. I brung yo.' breakfaa*,
honey."
Old Nelson's voice was always low
and gentle, with a quaver and hesi
tancy in the utterance; now it was ten
der and comforting with the compre
hension of one suffering, the extraordi
nary tact, which the old of his rac»
nearly all come to possess. "Ll'l chick
en-wing on piece brown toast, honey."
When she opened the door he came in,
bending attentively over his tray, and.
without a glance toward his young mis
tress, made some show of fuss and bus
tle, as he placed it upon a table near
the window and drew up a chair for
her so that she could sit with her back
to the light- jrZ
"Dah now!" he exclaimed softly, re
moving the white napkin and display-
Ing other dainties besides the chicken
*lng. "Dess de way! Dat ole mammy
in the kitchen, she got her fallln' an'
her grlevin* sins; but de way she do
han'le chicken an' biscuit sutney ain't
none on 'em! She plead fo* me to ax
you how you like dem biscuit."
He kept his head bent low over the
table, setting a fork closer to Betty's
hand; arranging the plates, then rear
ranging them, but never tumine his
«yes in her direction.
"Dat ole mammy mighty vain, yes
suh!" He suffered a very quiet chuckle
to escape him. "She did most «utney
'sist dat I ax you ain't you like dem
biscuit. She de ve'y vaines* woman In
dis State, dat ole mammy, yessuh!" And
now he cast one quick glance out of
the corner of his eye tt Miss Betty,
before venturing a louder chuckle.
"She reckon dem biscuit goln' git her
by Sain* Petuh when she 'proach de
hevumly gates!*"Uhuh! I tell her she
got git redemption fo* de algs she done
ruin dese many yeahs: 'case she as
useless wid en ommelick as a two-day
calf on de slick ice!" Here he laughed
loud and Ions. "You jass go and talk
wid mammy, some day. Missy; you'll
see how vain dat woman is."
"Has father gone out. Nelson!** asked
Betty in a low voice.
"Yes'm: he up town." The ©*d man's
tone sank at once to the level of her
own; became confidential, aa on*
speaks to another in a room where
somebody is ill. "He mekkln* prepe
tration to go down de rivuh dis aft'
noon. He sar he done broke de news
to you dat he goln* "way. Dey goln*
bull' dem wa'house right up. an* yo'
pa he necistate go 'way 'count de con
track. He be gone two week', honey."
Nelson finished, without too much th«
air of imparting cheery tidings, but
with Just enough.
"Law no. Missy! Dat big Ml* Tan
berry, dass de bes* frien* we all got.
she home ag'in, an* yo* pa goln' invit»
her visit at de house, whiles he gone,
an* to stay a monf aftuh he git back,
too. soze she kin go to all de doln's an*
Junketin's wid you. and talk wid de
young mens dat you don* like whiles*
}-qu talks wid dem you like."
"What time will father come home?**
"Home? He be gone tw© week*,
honey!"
"No: I mean to-day."
"Law! He ain't comin* back. Bid
me pack de trunk an* ca'y um down t»
de boat at noon. Den he bid me aay
far'-ye-well an* a kine rcood-by fo*
him, honey. 'Say he think you ain't
feelln* • too well, soze he won't 'aturb
ye. hlsself. an* dat he unestly do hop*
you goln' have splen'id time whiles h»
trabblin*." (Nelson's Imagination cov
ered many deficits In his master**
courtesy.) " c "ay he reckon you an' ole
Mlz Tanberry goln' git 'long mighty
nice wid one'nurr. An* dass what me
an* mammy reckon 'spechually boun' to
take place, 'case. dat a mighty gay
lady, dat big Miz Tanberry. an* ole
frien' 'er owah fambly. She 'us a
frien* er yo' mommo's. honey."
Miss Betty had begun to make a
pretense to eat. only to please the old
man, but the vain woman's cookery
had been not unduly extolled, and Nel
son laughed with pleasure to see the
fluffy biscuits and the chicken wing
not nibbled afbut actually eaten. Thla
was a healthy young lady, he thought,
one who would do the household credit
and justify the extravagant pride which
kitchen and stable already had In her.
He was an old house-servant, there
fore he had seen many young ladles go
through unhappy hours, and he ad
mired Miss Betty the more because she
was the first one who had Indulged
In strong weeping and did not snuffle
at intervals afterward. He understood
perfectly everything that had passed
between father and daughter that
morning.
When her breakfast was finished.
she turned slowly to the window, and.
while her eyes did- not refill, a alight
twitching of the upper lids made him
believe that she was going over the
whole scene again in her mind; where
upon he began to move briskly about
the rocm with a busy air. _icklnjc up
her napkin, dusting a chair with his
hand, exchanging the position of the
andirons in the fireplace: and. appar
ently discovering that the portrait of
George* Meilhac was ont of line, he set
It awry, then straight again, the while
he hummed an ©la "spiritual" of which
only the words "Chain de Lion Down"
were allowed to be quite audible. They
were repeated often, and at each repe
tition of them he seemed profoundly,
34
though decorously, amused, In a way
which might have led to a conjecture
that the refrain bore some distant ref
erence to his master's eccentricity of
temper. At first he chuckled softly, but
at the final Iteration of "Chain de
Lion Down" burst Into outright laugh
ter.
"Honey, my Law!" he ■ .claimed,
"But yo' pa de 'ceivin'dest man! He
mighty proud er you!"
"Proud of me!" She turned to him
in astonishment.
Nelson's laughter Increased- "Hain't
he Jass de 'celvln'dest man! Yessuh,
he de sot-uppest man in dis town
Vc-unt what you done night. What
he say dis mawn*. dat Jass his way!"
"Ah. no!" said Betty, 6adly.
"Yes'm! He proud er you, but he
teahbul mad at dat man. He hain't
mad at you, but he gotter cuss some
body! Jass reach out fo' de nlghes' he
kin lay han's on, an' dis mawn' it hap
pen soze it were you, honey. Uhuh!
You oughter hearn him las' night when
he come home. Den it were me. Bless
God. I ain't keerin'. He weren't mad
at me. no ir.o'n' he were at you. He
Jass mad!"
Miss Betty looked at the old fellow
keenly. He remained, however, appar
ently unconscious of her scrutiny, and
occupied himself with preparations for
removing the tray.
"Nelson, what is the quarrel be
tween my father and Mr. Vanrevel?"
He had lifted the tray, but set it
down precipitately, bending upon her a
surprised and sobered countenance.
"Missy," he said, gravely, "dey big
trouble 'twlx* dem two."
"I know," she returned quietly.
"What is it?"
"Wha* fo* you ax me, Missy?"
"Because you're the only one I can
ask. I don't know any one here well
enough, except you."
Nelson's lips puckered solemnly.
"Mlsf Vanrevel vote Whig; but he
ag'in Texas."
•Well, what if he Is?"
"Yo* pa mighty strong fo' Texas."
'Is that all?"
"No'm. dat ain't hardly de beginnin'.
Mist* Vanrevel he a Ab'litlonist."
'•Well? Won't you tell me?"
"Honey, folks roun' heah mos' on 'em
like Mist* Vanrevel bo well dey ain't
hold it up ag'ln him— but, Missy, ef dey
one thing topper God's worl' yo' pa do
desp'itly and contestably despise, hate,
cuss, an' outrageously 'nominate wuss'n
a yaller August spiduh it are a Ab'li
tionist! He want stomple 'em eve'y las'
one under he boot-heel, 'cep'n dat one
Mist' Crailey Gray. Dey's a considabul
6prlnklin* er dem Ab'lltlonists 'bout de
kentry, honey; dey's mo* dat don'
know w'lch dey is; an' dey's mo' still
dat don' keer. Soze dat why dey go
git up a quo'l twix* yo* pa an* dat man;
an' 'ranee to have 'er on a platfawm,
de yeah 'fo' de las' campaign; an', suh
dey call de quo'l a debate; an' all de
folks come in fum de kentry. an* all
de folks in t«"^vn come, too. De whole
possetucky on 'em Elt an' listen.
"Fus* yo' pa talk; den Mist* Vanrevel,
bofe on 'em mighty cole an* civilized.
Den yo' pa git wo'm up, Missy, like he
do, 'case he so useter have his own
way; 'taln't his fault, he Jass caln't
help hollerin' an' cussin* if anybody
'pose him; but Mist' Vanrevel he Jass
as suvvlge, but he stay cole, w'ich
make yo' pa all de hotter. He holler
mighty strong. Missy, an* some de back
ranks 'gun snlckerin* at him. Uhuh!
He fa'r Jump, he did; an' den blmeby
Mist' Vanrevel he eay dat no man
oughter be given de pllverige to sell
another, ner to wollop him wid a black-
Fnake, whether he 'buse dat pilverige
er not. 'My honabul 'ponent,' s's he,
'Mist* Carewe. rep'sent in hisself de
"ristocratic slave-owln* class er de Sauf,
do* he live In de Nawf an' 'ploy free
labor; yit It sca'sely to be b'lieve dat
any er you would wlllln'ly trus* him
wid de powah er life an* death ovah yo'
chillun, w'lch is vlrchously what de
elave-ownah p'sess.*
"Missy, you jass oughter see yo* pa
den! He blue in de face an' dance de
quadrille on de boa'ds. He leave his
cha'h, git up, an' run 'cross to de
odder side de platfawm, an' shake he
fls' ovah dat man's head, -n' screech
out how It all lies dat de tlaves evah
'ceive slch a treatment. 'Dat all lies,
you pu'Juh!' he holler. 'All lies, you
mJsabul thief,' he holler. 'AH lies, an'
you know It, you low-bawn slandah"
an' scoun'le!*
"An* wid dat Mist* Vanrevel, he laff
in yo* pa face, an' tuhn to de crowd,
he did. an* say: 'You reckon dat if
dish yuh man a slave-ownah, an* a
slave had anguhed him as I have an
guhed him to-night, does any er you
b'lieve dat dat slave wouldn' be tied up
an' whipped tell de blood run, an' den
sole down de rivuh to-morrer?'
"Well, sun, co'ee mos* on. 'em b'lieve
same as yo' pa; but dat sutney fotch
'em, an* win de debate, 'case dey Jass
natshully lay back an' roah, dey did.
Missy; dey laff an* stomp an* holler tell
yo' could a hearn 'em a mild away.
Ah', honey, yo' pa'd a mlllyum times
druther Mist' Vanrevel'd kilt him dan
tuhn de laff on him. He'd shoot a
man, honey, ef he Jass s'picion him to
grin out d» carnder his eye at him; an*
to stan* up dan wid de whole county
fa'r roahln* at him— it's de God's mussy
he dld'n have no ahms wid him dat
night! Ole Mist' Chen'eth done brung
him home, an* yo* pa reach out an'
kick me squah* out'n de llberry winder
soon's he ketch sight er me!" The old
man's gravity gave way to his enjoy
ment of the recollection, and he threw
back his head to laugh. "He sho' did,
honey! Uhuh! Ho. ho. ho! He sho'
did, honey, he sho* did!"
Nevertheless, as he lifted the tray
again and crossed the room to go, his
solemnity returned. "Missy." he said
earnestly, "ef dat young gelmun fall
in love wid you, w'lch I knows he will
ef he ketch sight er you, lemme say dis,
an* please fo' to ba'h in mine; better
have nuttin* do wid him 'tall, fo' he
own sake; an' *bove all, keep him fur
•way Turn dese premises. Don't let him
come in a mild er dis house."
"Nelson, was that all the quarrel be
tween* them?"
"Blessed Mussy! aln' dat enough? Ef
dey's any mo' I ain' hearn what dat
part were," he answered quickly, but
with a dogged tightening of the lips
which convinced Miss Betty that he
knew very well.
"Nelson, what was the rest of it?"
"Please, Missy, I got pack yo' pa
trunk; an' it time long ago fer me to be
at my wu'k." He was half out of the
door.
"What was the rest of it?" she re
peated Quietly.
"Now, honey," he returned with a de
precatory shake of his head, "I got my
wu'k 'tend to; an' I ain't nevah ax no
body what 'twas, an' I ain't goin* ax
'em. An* lemme jass beg you foller de
ole man's advice; you do de same, 'case
nobody ain't goin' tell you. All I know
is dat it come later and were somep'n
bout dat riprarin Crailey Gray. Yo'
pa he sent a channelge to Mist' Van
tevel, an' Mist' Vanrevel 'fuse to fight
Him 'case he say he don' b'lieve shootin'
-yo' pa goin' do yo' pa any good, an' he
still got hope mekkin' good citizen
outer him. Dat brung de laff on yo'
pa ag'in: an* he 'dare to God ef he
ketch Vanrevel on any groun' er hisn
he shoot him like a mad dog. 'Pon my
livln' soul he means dem wuds, Missy!
Dey had hard 'nough time las' night
keepin' him fum teahln' dat man to
pieces at de flah. You mus' keep dat
young gelmun 'way fum heah!"
"He came home with me last night,
Nelson; I told father so."
"Yes'm. Yo' pa tole me you say dat,
but he reckon you done it to mek him
madder, "case you mad, too. He say
he done see dat Crailey Gray comin"
'long de hedge wid you."
"He was mistaken, it was Mr. Van
revel."
Nelson rolled his eyes fervently to
heaven. "Den dat yoifng man run
pintedly on he death! Ef you want
keep us all dis side er de Jawdan
Rivuh, don' let him set foot in dis
neighbo'hood when yo' pa come back!
An', honey—" his voice sank to a pene
trating whisper— "fo* I do a lick er
wu'k I goin' out in de stable an' git
down on my knees an' retu'n thanks
giving to de good God 'case he hole
Carewe street in de darkness las'
night!"
This was the speech he chose for his
exit, but, after closing the door behind
him. he opened it again, and said,
cheerfully:
"Soon's I git de trunk fix f* yo' pa, I
bring 'roun' dat bay colt wid de side
saddle. You better set 'bout gittin' on
yo 1 rldln'-habit. Missy. De roads is
mighty good dis sunshiny wedduh."
"Nelson?"
"Yes'm."
"Do you think such " an attack as
father had this morning—is.—danger
ous?"
He had hoped for another chance to
laugh violently before he left her, and
this completely fitted his desire. "Ho,
ho. bo!" he shouted. "No'm, no. no,
honey! He Jass git so mad It mek him
sick. Yob couldn* kill dat man wid a
broad-ax. Missy!"
And he went down the hall leaving
the reverberations of his hilarity be
hind him. The purpose of his visit had
been effected, for, when Miss Betty ap
peared upon the horse-block in her
green habit and gauntlets, she was
smiling; so that only a woman — or a
wise old man — could have guessed that
she had wept bitterly that morning.
She cantered out to the flat open
country to the east, where she found
soft dirt roads that were good for the
bay colt's feet, and she reached a cross
road several miles "from town before
she was overcome by the conviction
that she was a wicked and ungrateful
girl. She could not place the exact
spot of her guilt, but she knew it was
there, somewhere, since she felt herself
a guilty thing.
For the picture which Nelson had
drawn rose before her; the one man
standing alone in his rage on the plat
form, overwhelmed by his calm young
adversary, beaten and made the butt
of laughter for a thousand. Her father
had been in the wrong in that quarrel,
and somehow she was sure, too, he
must have been wrong in the "per
sonal" one as well; the mysterious diffi
culty over Fanchon's Mr. Gray, who
had looked so ashamed last night.
What feud could they make over him,
of all people In the world? He* looked
strong enough to take care of his own
quarrels, even if he was so rigorously
bound by Fanchon's apron-strings
when it came to a word with another
girl.
But the conclusion that her father
had been in error did not lessen the
pathetic appeal of the solitary figure
facing the ridicule of the crowd. She
felt 'that "he always honestly believed
himself in the right; she knew that he
was vain; that he had an almost mon
strous conception of his dignity; and,
realizing the bitterness of that public
humiliation which he had undergone,
she understood the wrath, the unspeak
able pain and sense of outrage, which
must have possessed him.
And now she was letting him go forth
upon a Journey— his way beset with the
chances of illness and accident—
whence he might never return; she was
letting him go without seeing him
again; letting him go with no word of
farewell from his daughter. In brief,
she was a wicked girl. She turned the
colt's head abruptly to the west and
touched his flanks with her whip.
So it fell out that as the packet
foamed its passage backward from Ca
rewe's wharf into the current, the own
er of the boat, standing upon the hur
ricane deck, heard a cry from th shore,
and turned to behold his daughter dash
down to the very end of the wharf
on the well-lathered colt. Miss Betty's
hair was blown about her face; her
cheeks were rosy, her eager eyes
sparkling from more than the hard
riding.
"Papa!" she cried, "I'm sorry!"
She leaned forward out of the saddle,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
extending her arms to him appeallngly
in a charming gesture, and, absolutely
ignoring the idlers on the wharf and
the passengers on the steamer, was
singly intent upon the tall figure on
the hurricane-deck. "Papa— good-by.
Please forgive me!"
"By the Almighty, but that's a fine
woman!" said the captain of the boat
to a passenger from Rouen. "Is she
his daughter?"
"Please forgive me!" the clear voice
came again, with its quaver of en
treaty, across the widening water: and
then, as Mr. Carewe made no sign, by
word or movement, of hearing her, and
stood without the slightest alteration
of his attitude, she cried to him once
more: 'W&'z
"Good-by!"
The paddle-wheels reversed; the boat
swung down the river, Mr. Carewe
still standing immovable on the hurri
cane-deck, while, to the gaze of those
on the steamer, the figure on the bay
colt at the end of the wharf began to
grow smaller and smaller. She was
waving her handkerchief in farewell,
and they could see the little white
speck in the distance, dimmer arid
dimmer, yet fluttering still as they
passed out of sight round the j bend
nearly three-quarters of a mile below.
CHAPTER IX.
THE RULE OF THE REGENT.
Betty never forgot her first sight of
the old friend of her .family. Return
ing with a sad heart, she was walking
the colt slowly through the carriage
gates, when an extravagantly stout
lady, in green muslin illustrated with
huge red flowers, . came out upon the
porch and waved a fat arm to the girl.
The visitor wore a dark green turban
and a Cashmere shawl, while the ex
panse of her skirts was. nothing short of
magnificent; some cathedral dome
seemed to have been misplaced and the
lady dropped into it. Her outstretched
hand terrified Betty; how was she to
approach near enough to take It?
Mrs. Tanberry was about sixty,
looked fortv, and at first sight you
might have guessed she weighed nearly
three hundred, but the lightness of her
smile and the actual buoyancy which
she somehow Imparted to her whole
dominion lessened that by at least a
hundred-weight. She ballooned out to
the horse-block with a billowy rush
somewhere between bounding and soar
ing; and Miss Betty slid down from the
colt, who shied violently, to find her
self enveloped, in spjte of the dome, In
a vast surf of green and red muslin.
"My charming girl!" exclaimed the
lady vehemently, in a voice of such
husky richness, of such merriment and
unction of delight, that it fell upon Miss
Betty's ear with more' of the quality of
sheer gayety than any she had ever
heard. "Beautiful child! What a
beautiful child you are!"
She kissed the girl resoundingly on
both cheeks; stepped back from her
and laughed and clapped her fat
hands, which were covered with flash;
ing rings. "Oh, but you are a true blue
beauty! You're a princess! I am Mrs.
Tanberry— Jane Tanberry— young Janie
Tanberry. I haven't seen you since
you were a baby and your pretty moth
er was a girl like us!"
"You are so kind to come," said
Betty, hesitatingly. "I shall try to be
very obedient."
"Obedient!" Mrs. Tanberry uttered
the word with a shriek. "You'll do
nothing of the kind.' I am the light
mlndedest woman In the universe, and
any one who obeyed me would be em
broiled in everlasting trouble every sec
ond in the day. You'll find that I am
the one that needs looking after, my
charmer!"
She tapped Miss Betty's cheek with
her jeweled fingers as the two
mounted the veranda steps. "It will be
worry enough for you to obey yourself;
a body sees that at the first blush. You
have conscience in your forehead and
.rebellion in your chin. Ha, h*a, ha!"
Here Mrs. Tanberry sat upon and oblit
erated a large chair. Miss Carewe tak
ing a stool at her knee.
"People of our age oughtn't to be
bothered with obeying; there'll be time
enough for that when we get old and
can't enjoy anything. Ha, ha!"
Mrs. Tanberry punctuated her obser
vations with short volleys of husky
laughter, so abrupt In both discharge
and cessation that, until Miss Betty be
came accustomed to the habit, she was
apt to start slightly at each salvo. "I
had a husband— once," the lady re
sumed, "but only once, my friend! He
had Ideas like your father's— your
father is such an imbecile!— and he
thought that wives, sisters, daughters,
and such like ought to be obedient;
that is, the rest of the world was wrong
unless It was right; and right was Just
his own little, teeny-squeeny preju
dices and emotions dressed up for a
crazy masquerade as facts. Poor man!
He only lasted about a year!" And
Mrs.' Tanberry laughed heartily.
"They have been at me time and
again to take another." She lowered
ner voice and leaned toward Betty con
fidentially. "Not I! I'd be willing to
engage myself to Cralley Gray (though
Cralley hasn't got round to me yet),
for I don't mind Just being engaged, my
dear; but they'll have to invent some
thing better than a man before I
marry any one of 'em again! But I
love 'em. I do, the charming Billies!
And you'll see how they follow me!"
She patted the girl's shoulder, her
small eyes beaming quizzically. "We'll
have the gayest house in Rouen, lady
bird! The young men all go to the Ba
reauds'. but they'll come here now, and
we'll have the Bareauds along with 'em.
I've been away a long time, just fin
ished unpacking* yesterday night when
your father came in after the fire—
Whoo! what a state he, was in with that
devilish temper of his!. Didn't I snap
him up when he asked me to come and
stay with you? Ha, ha! I'd have
come even if you hadn't been beautiful:
but I was wild to be your playmate, for
I'd heard nothing but 'Miss Betty Ca
rewe, Miss Betty Carewe' from every
body I saw, since the minute my stage
came in. You set 'em all mad at your
ball, and I knew we'd make a glorious
house-full, you and I! Some of the
vagabonds will turn up this very even
ing, you'll see if they, don't. Ha, ha!.
The way they follow me!"
Mrs. Tanberry was irresistible; she
filled the whole place otherwise than by
the mere material voluminousnesa of
her; bubbling over with froth of non
sense which flew through the house,
driven by her. energy, like sea-foam on
a spring gale, and the day, so discord
antly begun for Miss Betty, grew musi
cal with her own laughter, answering
the husky staccato of the vivacious
newcomer. Nelson waited upon them
at table, radiant, his smile like the
keyboard of a surreptitious double
shuffle and followed by the cachinna
ting echoes of the vain Mamie's recep
tion of the visitor's sallies, which Nel
son hastily retailed in passing.
Nor was Mrs.Tanberry's prediction al
lowed to go unfilled regarding the ad
vent of those persons whom she had
designated as vagabonds. It may have
been out of deference to Mr. Carewe's
sense of decorum (or from a cautious
regard of what he ' was liable to do
when he considered that sense out
raged) that the gallants of Rouen had
placed themselves under the severe re
straint of allowing three days to
elapse after their Introduction to Miss
Carewe before they "paid their re
spects at the house"; but. be that as It
may, the dictator was now safely un
der way down the Rouen River, and
Mrs. Tanberry reigned In his stead.
Thus, at about 8 o'clock that evening,
the two ladies sat in the library en
gaged in conversation— though, for the
sake of accuracy, It should be said that
Mrs. Tanberry was engaged In conver
sation, Miss Betty in giving ear— when
their attention was arrested by sounds
of a somewhat musical nature from the
lawn, which sounds were immediately
identified as emanating from a flute
and violin.
Mrs. Tanberry bounded across the
room like a cyclone, and, dashing at
the candles, "Blow 'em out. blow 'em
out!" she exclaimed, suiting the action
to the word in a fluster of excitement.
"Why?" asked Miss Carewe, startled,
as she rose to her feet. The candles
were out before the question.
"Why!" repeated the merry, husky
voice In the darkness. "My goodness,
child precious, those vagabonds are
here! To think of your" never having
been serenaded before!"
She drew the girl to the window and
pointed to a group of dim figures near
the lilac bushes. "The dear, delightful
vagabonds!" she chuckled. "I knew
they'd come! It's the beautiful Tap
pingham Marsh with his fiddle, and
young Jeff Bareaud with his flute, and
'Gene Madrillon and little Frank Chen
oweth with thin "Will Cummlngs to
sing. Hark to the rascals!"
It is perfectly truthful to say that
the violin and flute executed the prel
ude, and then the trio sounded full on
the evening air, the more effective
chords obligingly drawn out as long as
the breath in the singers could hold
them In order to allow the two fair
auditors complete benefit of the har
mony. They sang "The Harp That
Once Thro' Tara's Halls," and followed
It with "Long, Long Ago."
"That," Mrs. Tanberry whispered, be
tween stifled gusts of almost uncon
trollable laughter, "is meant for Just
me!" < '
"Tell me the tales that to me were so
dear," entreated the trio.
"I told 'em plenty!" gurgled the en
livening widow. "And I expect be
tween us we can get up some more."
"Now you are come my grief is re
moved," they sang.
"They mean your father is on his
way to St. Louis," remarked Mrs. Tan
berry
Let me forget that so long you have
roved.
Let me believe that you love as you
loved,
Long, long ago, long: ago.
"Applaud, applaud!" whispered Mrs.
Tanbery, encouraging the minstrels by
a hearty clapping of hands.
Hereupon dissension arose among the
quintet, evidently a dispute in regard
to their next selection; one of the gen
tlemen appearing more than merely
to suggest a solo by himself, while the
others too frankly expressed adverse
opinions upon the value of the offering.
The argument became heated, and in
soite Of many a "Sh!" and "Not so
loud!" the Ill-suppressed voice of the
intending soloist, Mr. Chenoweth, could
be heard vehemently to exclaim: "I
will! I learned it especially for this oc
casion. I will sing it!"
His determination, patently, was not
to be balked without physical encoun
.ter, consequently he was permitted to
advance some • paces from the lilac
bushes, where he delivered himself, in
an earnest and plaintive tenor, of the
following morbid Instructions, to which
the violin played an obi i gat o in tremolo,
so execrable, ©nd so excruciatingly dis
cordant, that Mr. Chenoweth's subse
quent charge that It was done with a
deliberate evil intention could never be
. successfully opposed:
Go! Forget me! Why should Sorrow
O'er that brow a shadow fling?
Go! Forget me, and, to-morrow.
Brightly smile and sweetly sing!
Smile! tho' I may not be near thee;
Smile! tho' I may never see thee;
May thy soul with pleasure shine
Lasting as this gloom of mine!
Mis Carewe complied at once with
the request; while her companion, un
able to stop with the slight expression
of pleasure demanded by the songster,
threw herself upon a sofa and gave way
to the mirth that consumed her.
Then the candles were relit, the sere
naders invited within; Nelson bearing
cake and wine and the house was made
merry. Presently, the rom Virginia
Bareaud, making her appearance on
the arm of General Trumble, Mrs. Tan
berry led them all in a hearty game of
blind-man's bluff, followed by as hearty
a dancing of Dan Tucker. After that
a quadrtle being proposed. Mrs. Tan
berry suggested that Jefferson should
run home and bring Fa'nchon for the
fourth lady. However, Virginia ex
plained that she had endeavored to
persuade both her sister and Mr. Gray
to accompany the general and herself,
but that Mr. Gray had complained of
Indisposition, having suffered greatly
from headache on account of inhaling
so much smoke at the warehouse fire;
and, of course Fanchon would not
leave him. (Miss Carewe permitted
herself the slightest shrug of the
shoulders.) •
So they danced the quadrille with Jef
ferson at the piano, and Mr. Marsh
performing in the character of a lady,
a proceeding most unacceptable to the
general, whom Mrs. Tanberry forced to
be his partner. And thus the evening
passed gayly away, and but too quick
ly, to join the ghosts of all the other
evenings since time began; and each of
the little company had added a cheerful
sprite to the long row of these varied
shades that the after years bring to re
visit *us, so many with pathetic re
proach, so many bearing a tragic bur
den of faces that we cannot make even
to weep again, and so few with simple
merriment and liehtheart<»dness. Tap
pingham Marsh spoke the truth, indeed,
when he exclaimed in parting, "O rare
Mrs. .Tanberry!"
But the house had not done with sere
nades that night. The guests had long
since departed; the windows were still
and dark under the wan old moon,
which had risen lamely, looking unfa
miliar and not half itself; the air bore
an odor of lateness, and nothing moved;
when a delicate harmony stole out of
the -shadows beyond the misty garden.
Low but resonant chords sounded on
the heavier strings of a guitar, while
above them, upon the lighter wires,
rippled a slender, tinkling melody that
wooed the slumberer to a delicious
half wakefulness, as dreamily, as ten
derly, as the croon of rain on the roof
soothes a child to sleep. Under the ar
tist's cunning totich the instrument was
both" the accompaniment and the song;
and Miss Betty, at . first taking the
music to be a wandering thread in the
fabric of her own bright dreams, drifted
gradually to consciousness to find her
self smiling. Her eyes opened wide, but
half closed again with the ineffable
sweetness of the sound.
Then a voice was heard, eerily low,
yet gallant and clear, a vibrant bari
tone, singing to the guitar.
My lady's hair.
That dark delight.
Is both as fair
And dusk as night.
I know some lovelorn hearts that beat
In time to moonbeam twinklings fleet.
That dance and glance lIKe Jewels there.
Emblazoning: the raven hair!
Ah. raven hair!.
So dark and bright.
What loves lie there
• Enmeshed, to-night?
I know some sighing lads that say
Their hearts were snared and torn away;
And now as pearls one fate they share.
Entangled In the raven hair.
Ah, raven hair.
For such a plight
Could you not spare
One acolyte?
I know a broken heart that went
To serve you but as ornament.
Alas! a ruby now you wear.
Ensanguining the raven hair!
The song had grown fainter and
fainter, the singer moving away as he
sang, and the last lines were almost in
audible In the distance. The guitar
could be heard for a moment or two
more, then silence came again. .It was
broken by a rustling in the room next
to Miss Betty's, and Mrs. Tanberry
called softly through the open door:
"Princess, are you awake? Did you
hear that serenade?"
After a pause the answer came hesi
tatingly in a small, faltering voice:
"Yes— if It was one. I thotfght perhaps
he was only singing as he passed along
the street."
"Aha!" ejaculated Mrs. Tanberry, ab
ruptly, as though she had made an un
expected discovery. "You knew better;
and this was a serenade that you did
not laugh at. Beautiful, I wouldn't let
it ko any farther, even while your
father is gone. Something might occur
that would bring him home without
• .rning— such things have happened.
Tom Vanrevel ought to be kept far
away from this house."
"Oh, it was not he," returned Miss
Betty, quickly. "It was Mr. Gray.
Didn't you "
"My dear," Interrupted the other.
"Cralley Gray's specialty Is talking.
Most of the vagabonds can sing and
play a bit, and so can Crailey, particu
larly when he's had a few bowls of
punch; but when Tom Vanrevel touches
the guitar and lifts up his voice to
sing, there isn't an angel in heaven
that wouldn't quit the place and come
to hear him! Cralley wrote those words
to Virginia Barf aud. (Her hair Is even
darker than yours, you know.) That
was when he was being engaged to her;
and Tom must have set the music to
'em lately, and now comes here sing
ing 'em to you; anJ well enough they
fit you! But you must keep him away,
Princess." \
Nevertheless, Betty knew the voice
was not that which had bid her look
to the stars, and she remained con
vinced that it belonged to Mr. Crailey
Gray, who had been too ill, a few
hours earlier, to leave the Bareaud
house, and now with Fanchon's kisses
on his lips, came stealing into her gar
den and sang to her a song he had
made for another girl!
And the angels would leave heaven to
listen when he sang, would -they? Poor
Fanchon! No wonder she held him so
tightly in leading strings! He might
risk his life all he wished at the end of
a grappling-ladder, dangling In a fiery
cloud above nothing; but when it came
to— ah, well, poor Fanchon! Did she in
vent the headaches for him, or did she
make him Invent them for himself? -
If there was one person in the world
whom Miss Betty held In bitter con
tempt and scorn. It was the owner of
that voice and that guitar.
CHAPTER X.
More than three gentlemen of Rouen
wore their hearts In their eyes for any
fool to gaze upon: but three was the
number of those who told their love be
fore the end of the first week of Mr. Ca
rewe's absence, and told it in spite of
Mrs. Tanberry's utmost effort to pre
serve, at all times, a conjunction be
tween herself and Miss Betty. For the
good lady, foreseeing these declarations
much more surely than dial the subject
of them, wished to spare her lovely
charge the pain of listening to them.
Miss Carewe honored each of the
lorn three with a few minutes of grav
ity; but the gentle refusal prevented
never a swain from being as truly her
follower as before: not that she re
sorted to the Door device of half-dis
missal, the every-day method of the
school-girl flirt, who thus keeps the lads
in dalliance, but because, even for the
rejected, it was a delight to be near her.
For that matter, it Is said that no one
ever had enough of the mere looking at
her. Also, her talk was enlivening even
to the lively, being spiced with sur
prising turns and amiably seasoned
with the art of badlnaee. To use the
phrase of the time, she possessed the
accomplishments, an antiquated charm
now on the point of disappearing, so
carefully has it been snubbed under
whenever exhibited. The pursuing
wraith of the young, it comes to sit. a
ghost at every banquet, driving the
flower of our youth to unheard-of exer
tions in search of escape, to dubious
diplomacy, to dismal inaction, or to
wine; yet time was when they set their
hearts on "the accomplishments.'*
Miss Betty Carewe at her harp, ah!
It was a dainty picture; the clear pro
file, with the dark hair low across the
temple silhouetted duskily In the cool,
shadowy room, against the open win
dow; the slender figure, one arm curv
ing between you and the strings, the
other gleaming behind them: the deli
cate little sandal stealing from the
white froth of silk and lace to caress
th« pedal: the nimble hands fluttering ,
across the long strands, "Like white
blossoms borne on slanting lines of '
rain;" and the great gold harp rising
to catch a lavelln of sunshine that
pierced the vines at the window where
the honeysuckles swung their skirts to
the refrain— it was a picture to return
many a long year afterward, and thrill
the reveries of old men who were then
young. And, following the light cas
cading ripples of the harp, when h<»r
low contralto lifted In one of the "old
songs." she often turned Inquiringly to
see if the listener liked music, and her
brilliant, dark eyes would rest on his
with an appeal that blinded his en
tranced soul. She meant It for the
mere indication of a friendly wish to*
suit his tastes, but It looked like the
divine humility of love. Nobody won
dered that General Trumble should fall
to verse-making in his old age.
She sketched magnificently. This is
the very strongest support for the as
sertion: Frank Chenoweth and Tap
pingham Marsh agreed, with tears of
enthusiasm, that "magnificently" was
the only word. They came to this con
clusion as they sat together at the end
of a long dinner (at which very little
had been eaten) after a day's picnic
by the river. Miss Carewe had been of
their company, and Tappingham and
Chenoweth found each his opportunity
in the afternoon. The party was small,
and no one had been able to effect a
total unconsciousness of the maneuvers
of the two young gentlemen. Even
Fanchon Bareaud comprehended lan
guidly, though she was more blurred
than ever, and her far-away eyes be
lled the mechanical vivacity of her
manner, for Cralley was thirty miles
down the river, with a fishing-rod
neatly packed In a leather case.
Mr. Vanrevel, of course, was not In
vited; no one would have thought of
asking him to Join a small party of
which Robert Carewe's daughter was
to be a memeber. But it was happiness
enough for Tom, that night, to He hid
den In the shrubbery, looking up at the
stars between the leaves, while he lis
tened to her harp, and borne through
the open window on enchanted airs, the
voice of Elizabeth Carewe singing
"Robin Adair." *
It was now that the town Indulged Its
liveliest spirit: never an evening lacked
Its junketing, while the happy folk of
Rouen set the early summer to music.
Serenade, dance and song for them, the
light hearts, young and old, making gay
together! It was all laughter, either In
sunshine or * by candle-light, undis
turbed by the far thunder below the
southern horizon, where Zachary Tay
lor had pitched his tent, upon the Rio
Grande.
One fair evening, soon after that ex
cursion which had proved fatal to the
hopes of the handsc ie Tappingham
and of the youthful Chenoweth. it was
the privilege of Mr. Thomas Vanrevel
to assist Miss Carewe and her chaperon
from their carriage, as they drove up
to a dance at the Bareauds'. This good
fortune fell only to great deserving, for
he had spent an hour lurking outside
the house in the hope of performing
such offices for them.
Heaven was in his soul and the
breath departed out of his body, when,
after a moment of hesitation. Miss
Betty's little lace-gauntleted glove was
placed in his hand, and her white slip
per shimmered out from the lilac
flounces of her dress to fall like a bene
diction he thought, on each of the car
riage-steps.
It was the age of' garlands; they
wreathed the Muses, the Seasons, and
their speech, so the women wo're
wreaths in their hair, and Miss Betty's
that night was of marguerites. "Read
your fortune in them all," whispered
Tom's heart, "and of whomsoever you
wish to learn, .every petal will say 'He
loves you'; none declare, 'He loves you"
not!* "
She bowed slightly but did not speak
to him, which was perhaps a better re
ception than that accorded the young
man by her companion.
(Continued Next Sunday.)ALL'S FAIR
Copyright. 1S03. by T. C. McClure.)
f^'** — * ISS BETTY PEN
i ] '3&£mB?V& NIXGTON was a bit
to ° young> and a bit
6 7vtt?/~it^.fi to ° ljuovant - and s he
■ jtfti, *W> H na< * na d too many
N"<i^W^'D?V thanctS to think too
\ seriously of marry-
; <s <feB:2 &^' ing. She had led the
youth of Frankfort Plains a merry
cha.se. There was not perhaps a man
—an eligib;e man— who had not made
love to her or who had not attempted
it. But she had ltd them on. and then
—had sent them off. They went. There
was too much humor in Miss Betty,
too much of wit and laughter to make
them essay a second-time proposal,
one by one they stood rejected. Miss
B*tty would merely toss her youthful
heaci, and laugh, and laugh, and laugh.
T«Tv of them, however, would not
down. Mr. John Masterson was one
and Tommy McClenahan was the
ether. Masierson clung to her with
a bulldog tenacity; he did It because
he had many of the characteristics of
the bulldog:. Miss Betty would laugh
at Masterson until he began to growl,
and then she would watch him rase
and storm with wide-open eyes.
"Do that again." she would suggest.
And Masterson would do It- He
couldn't help it. He gnashed his teeth
* jth rage. But he always came back-
Tommy McClenahan didn't cling to
Miss Betty. He simply followed her
about, watching her with frank, hon
est eyes. They walked the fields one
cs.y and Miss Betey. in a spirit of mis
chief, ran away from Tommy. She
hadn't a ghost of a show at that, but
Tommy let her run until she wa3
■well tired out; then with that eas--'
epurt of his which has won him medal
after medal In collegiate games, he
sprang to her side, and obeying a sud
den impulse, caught her in his arms.
Ordinarily he would not have dared
to do this. But there was something
about Miss Betty"* color, and her
srtrkllcg eyes, that Just made Tommy
Co It.
"I— I couldn't help it," he gasped.
And then he stopped. For she was
looking straight into his eyes with an
expression that he had never seen be
fore. Tommy thought it was worth
while. He braced himself and spoke.
"Betty— Betty— Betty." he implored.
"I've asked you now for the fifteenth
time, end I'm asking you again. I can't
help It. You must marry me. I won't
take no for an answer."
Miss Betty drew herself away. She
still looked at Tommy McClenahan.
•I— I have promised Mr.— Mr. Master
fon," she said slowly, "that I would
marry him." ,
Tommy touched her on the arm. "No.
rn. B^tty." he exclaimed; "you can't
m^n it."
Miss Betty went on. "That I would
mtfry him if h!s team, the Frankforts,
won the tournament game at the coun
ty fair. I will be fair and square. Tom
my. I will go further — I promise to
marry you if your team wins out and
frets the prize. No — no. that's all;
•won't discuss It. You know what T
do. and I shall do nothing else."
"But. Betty," pleaded Tommy Mc-
Clenahan. "you— you know my team
can't win. It never has and it can't
now."
Mips Betty smiled. "Then," ehe said
arrhly. "so much the better Tommy,
for Mr. Masterson."
Tommy said nothing further. He
strode along by her side with his glanc
upon the ground.
"It's the man whose team wins the
parr*. Tommy," *he said at parting.
•By George," muttered Tommy to
hirr.sc'f later, "she knew we couldn't
win. I thought she liked me better
than to — "
The town of Frankfort Plains was
the county teat of Frankfort County.-
Frankfort Plains was a fashionable
residence place, and the county fair
was cne of the fashionable events of
the year. Indeed, at all seasons the
Plains was a lively place, and the twit
athletic clubs helped to make It so.
The two athletic clubs supported — by
prace of the pocketbooks of a few mil
lionaires — two good football teams.
The Frankfort Plains Club team was
captained by John Masterson Esq
end the Wayside Athletic Club team
by Tommy McClenahan. Masterson
had peopled his team with bulldogs
like himself; Masterson's team had In
variably won. Both men were college
rraduates. The county fair Judges,
also by grace of the aforesaid pocket
books, had offered this year a 51000
UNDER FALSE COLORS
(Copyright, 1104, by W. W. Hlnes.)
h. — / **—4 GDE ** could not rec-
I y^j&SzT&^^y , olJect havtr.gr lost any
I Uaf«*ii/?^ikV uncI " lately, and it
I "ffff-vJ^sBr wa * a dIstlnct Eur "
I OBl^P^«W Brt" to De greeted as
pV ' ' a nephew by the
|j KZ jjgessahH9 stern-featured old
zn&n In the puffln* automobile.
"Come here, you young rascal," the
eld man almost shouted as the auto
znobile drew up to the sidewalk.
Without knowing why, Ogden went.
Perhaps It was curiosity, perhaps It
was because he did not happen to
thick of anything else to do. At any
rate, he stepped up to the automobile
and took a good long look at Its occu
pant.
"Get In her* at once," said the old
man.
'"Why?" asked Ocj? n.
"Why?" repeated the old man. "Be
cause I tell you to do so. Here I have
been looking for you for the past two
■weeks and now you want to run away
•when x find you. That is a pretty way
for an only nephew to treat his uncle!"
"So you are my uncle?" said Ogden,
quizzically. Then the spirit of adven
ture, which had been his guiding star
all his life. 6eized possession of him and
he stepped into the vehicle, which
started, puffing, down the avenue to
ward Washington square.
On the way down he puzzled with
■himself as to the part which he was
acting or rather being forced to act. As
nearly as he could gather from the
conversation of the old man, he was
his nephew Rodney. The last name
had not been introduced into the con
versation. Rodney seemed to have
come from the West for a visit and to
hav« left the house without warning,
after a more or less violent quarrel
with his uncle.
"What did you want to run away
for, you young rascal? The girl is cer
tainly as pretty a cirl as you will find
ln the whole country, sir. It was only
to be expected that she should show
some coquetry about accepting you,
but I am surprised that any nephew of
mine would be such a fool as to run
away from a pretty girl. Why did you
do It, sir?" The old gentleman was very
irate.
Taking his cue from the fragmentary
information furnished him by these re
marks, Ogden, resolved to carry
through the comedy, straightened hlm-
Eelf up and remarked, with his most
dignified air:
"Because I trust that I am too much
of a gentleman to force my attentions
in any quarter where they are not
wanted."
He had read this sentence in some
old-fashioned book and thought it
might' go well with his elderly uncle.
The old fellow looked rather pleased
and said:
"I should have understood it, my
boy. The sentiment does credit to your
blood and your breeding, sir. But my
heart is set on this match. Just t 11
the girl you won't take 'No' for an an
swer and she will come around in time.
Eh, Gad. sir, when I was ;-our age I
would have been delighted with the co
quetries she has used on you."
By this time the automobile had
come to a stop in front of one of the
old houses along the north side of the
square and the two passengers alighted.
Entering the house the old man, with
Rodney in tow, made for the drawing
room, where they could hear some one
playing on* the piano. The room was
rather dark, but as they entered the'
light was good enough for Rodney to
make out the uncommonly pretty girl
seated at the piano. She got up uastily
as they entered the room and ran to
greet the old man. Then she turned to
Ogden and said:
"Soj^-ou have come back. Cousin
Rodnfr? 'I was under the impression
that you had left the city."
Feeling rather ashamed of himself
for carrying on the deception, but over
powered by the desire for adventure,
Ogden sat down and joined In the con
versation, fencing carefully for time
whenever he was asked a question the
answer to which might betray his Iden
tity. Whenever he. got a chance he
stoU a glance at the girl. He fancied
once or twice that he detected a flicker
of amusement upon her face. She was
evidently watching him, narrowly, and
the conviction grew upon him that she
suspected he was an Impostor. The
girl was certainly a beauty and he
could not understand why the real Rod
ney had been callous enough to run
away from her society)- even if he had
found his presence more or less unwel
come.
By and by the old rentleman ex
cused himself upon the plea that he
must take his regular afternoon nap,
and left the two young people alone.
The moment he was , safely out of
hearing the girl broke into a peal of
laughter and said:
"Did you think he fooled me?"
She was taking it very nicely,
thought Ogden, and he braced him
self up enough to say:
"No, I knew you recognized my im
position. But, believe me, I am not
an intentional impostor. Tour uncle
picked me up on the street and swore
up and down that I was his nephew.
It would not have been proper to ac
cuse him of falsehood, so I just came
along."
The girl grew serious and said:
"You know uncle is a bit nearsight
ed, and he will not, under any circum
stances, consent to wear glasses. You
do look wonderfully like his nephew.
But don't you know who you are sup
posed to be?"
"No more idea than the man In the
moon," asseverated * Ogden, solemnly.
"Why, you are supposed to be Rod
ney Phillips. You know him, don't
you?"
"Rodney Phillips! No, I don't be
lieve I do. But stop. Why, 'Chesty*
Phillips that I used to room with at
Yale. , His right name was Rodney,
but no one ever called him by that
name. So that explains the resem-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX
cash DrUe to the team that won the
football game in the country fair tour
nament. There was never any restric
tion as to what teams should compete,
but as the Wayside could lick any
thing in the county except the Frank
fort, and as the Frankfort could lick
the Wayside, there was little doubt
which teams would play. And there
was little doubt also which team would
win. In the midst of the preparation
for the fair Mr. John Masterson- had
proposed to Miss Betty Pennlngton for
the thirteenth time, and- Tommy had
proposed' , for , the. fifteenth time; and
her ultimatum had gone forth.
Now it is just as well to state right
here that Miss Betty had a small broth
er who hated Mr. Masterson, and who
was a crony of Tommy McCIenahan's,
and that this small brother carried to
the latter all the news he gathered
during the course of jche days and
weeks. This may or may not have some
bearing on the case.
McClenahan got his team out and
had them in practice at every avail
able hour of the day. He had to do
the best he could. He could. not tell
them why; but they worked, for they
were after the $1000 and the applause
of the community. They worked.
Masterson. on the contrary, gave his
team a rest. Everybody wondered
why, but Masterson was czar, and
they left him alone. Now, Masterson
was the graduate of a college whose
name is a household word— a college/'
which battles with another college ony
the football field every fall; upon
which battle hangs the interest bf mil
lions. It is invariably the game of
the year. But this college team stands
up but to be defeated, except upon oc-
-By W. Hines
blance. The fellows used to call us
the "Two Dromios.' "
"Yes," said the girl, laughing heart
ily, "and you are Ogden Harwood.
Cousin Rodney has shown me pic
tures of you a dozen times and com
mented on the resemblance."/.; .?.
"But tell me," interupted Ogden,
"why did Rodney run away from
you?" •
"Because he is engaged to a very
dear friend of mine and uncle won't
hear of his marrying any one but me.
Rodney hasn't a cent except his slen
der salary and the allowance uncle
makes him, so he has to dissemble."
"I would like very much to see the
girl Rodney is engaged to," said Off
den.
"And why?" asked the rlrl.
"She must be very beautiful, in
deed." \\-ii
"How do you know?"
"Is it proper to pay compliments
upon short acquaintance?"
"You may answer my question when
you have known me longer."
"Thanks, since that .means you are
not going to cut me when next we
meet."
"But you -had better leave before
uncle comes down from his nap."
"And when can I be properly Intro
duced to you?"
"Didn't you know Raymond Pearson
at Yale?"
"Yes. but why?"
"He Is to be married to a friend of
mine next week, and I am to be the
maid of honor. Can't you get him to
invite you?" ',
"I am In town to be his beit man.'*.
."What a coincidence! But you must
go now." .,'••■
"All right. Then I'll Just say au
revolr until we are properly intro
duced."
"Yes, au revolr, until the rehearsal
of the ceremony next Tuesday."
And Ogden was down the "steps and
into the j street, conscious of the 2 fact
that\ he was looking forward, to -the
wedding of , his friend Pearson ..with
much more Interest than j even a best
man is supposed to take in such an
tasion. Masterson nunseiC hau once
redeemed it by kicking a goal from
the field. Masterson thought of this
college tsam which bowed to none
other than to its successful rival.
"All," muttered Masterson to him
self, "is fair in love." Then he wrote
a letter to the captain of the college
team:
"Send me one or two good men."
he wrote, "there's $1000 in it, and you
can have the bigger part of it. I am
working for something else, and I want
to win this game. McClenahan has a
new man or two that I'm afraid of. I
won't take chances." i V- •.
The president of the college club,
with an eye on the $1000, 'immediately
replied— and favorably, too. Master
son, who had been to this time some
what uncertain, now rubbed his hands
with glee. The day arrived — and the
hour. Miss Betty Pennington. with
sparkling eyes, wearing a composite
bouquet, made up of two sent to her
by Masterson and McClenahan. was
seated in the front row on the grand
stand. Masterson came out and looked
the field over, and waved at Miss Betty.
THE MIND OF A GROWING CHILD
ANT parents are
-/C_A£_jLj apt to forget that a
/pu/w$VwL c hild has a bodv.
I w pans. In this rar
f |K tlcular it differs
■raMHMMj from unorganized
bodies. The young
child seems to be a mere animal. Its
body differs from that of the veeetable
not only in composition, but In method
of nutrition, in having: sensation and
In being able to move from place to
place.. But the child Is more than a
mere animal. In body it differs from
other animals by having two hands.
two feet, a chin, by being able to stand
' erect, and in that it has a higher type
of brain.
- The brain is the organ of mind. A
child's brain differs from that of other
animals in such a way as to give en
tirely different results, both mental and
moral. Because of these differences the
child Is able to improve. This ability to
Improve makes possible the Improve
ment of the race. The bee of to-day
builds as did the first bee. How.dif
ferent the work of man now from what
it was at the beginning!
By differences mentioned we are able
to separate the child from all other ani
mals. We also have seen that a child
is what it is because of its peculiarities
of mind and body. Consideration of
both is important, that more import
ance may be attached to the develop
ment of the right kind of bodies and
minds.
A parent needs to know but little of
anatomy, as it is a mere description of
different parts of the body; Physiology
tells us the use of each part. Hygiene,
gives information as to the proper car*
of the different parts. Every parent
should understand the important facts
concerning the existence and care of
the different organs. This is especially
important with such as the digestive,
the bony, the circulatory, the nervous,
the muscular, and with the provisions
HIS PROXY
(Copyright. 1904. by C. B. L*wla.)
• >J*$ gj»( OST of the partlcu-
lars of thls 8tory
can be found on
$~^%$Jrj<^vZ nle in the State
.^^Jgv^^r^**' Depart ment at
ArV^\^ Washington, but
Oyf I \v5\_, the said s " D " for
v I reasons, best
known to itself, has never given them
out for publication. The President
may make a mistake in appointing a
Consul, but . the State Department
never makes things worse by making
pubVc the man's shortcomings.
There could have been only one rea
son for appointing James Hartman as
Consul at San Escondido, which you
may imagine to be one of the South
American states. "Jim," as he was gen
erally called, had some influence In
State politics and had used it on the
right side. Socially he had no standing;
as a business man he was known to be
crafty and unprincipled. It was 'a third
rate appointment to a third-rate con
sulship, but it was good enough for Jim
Hartman. In fact, it was what he se
lected and pulled strings for.
Only three miles from San Escondido
were the mines of the American Mining
and Smelting Company, of which Hart
man was a large stockholder. Every
three or four months for several years
past there had been strikes and rowp,
and the feeling against the company
was widespread and bitter. This had
not extended to the consulate, as the
appointee had no business interest, but
Hartman had hardly taken t possession
of his office when he began using it as
as far as he could for the benefit of
the stockholders. There were many
ways in which he could and did favor
the company, and his position soon be
came generally known and increased
the bitter feeling. He realized it, but
defied public sentiment. So long as the
Secretary of State did not bring him
to book he did not care for what others
thought or said.
Jim Hartman had been Consul for
six months, dividing his time about
equally between Uncle Sam and the
American Company, and drawing an
income from both, when a new strike
leader came to the front. He was a
man who had traveled In the United
States and learned a thing or two.
For instance, , he had learned . that
throwing down tools and walking off
in a peaceful way seldom or never won
a Btrik'e. 5 There must be bitter
speeches— defiance of • authority- — de
struction of property. He made the
bitter speeches.' He got the laborers
more defiant: and. excited than they
had ever been before. Then he planned
for a strike and destruction of pros*
"My £>etty." - he said to himself. Mc-
Clenahan did the same. The air was
filled with a vague unrest. The stands
were filled with strangers. There, was
an air of mystery abroad.
Suddenly a door where the Frank
fort men were tjuaxtered opened and
eleven men filed out. clothed in the
Frankfort colors. As they came
across the field there was a gasp from
the ignorant, and an uproarious laugh
from the knowing. Suddenly a. man
on the stand stood u?> and shouted.
"Helmstaedter." he cried. "Helni
staedter!" Everybody looked and then
huzza'd. For the first man of the
team was none othrr than the famous
quarterback of Missterson's alma ma
ter team. But the applause had not
died down when a dozen men in the
field — stransers they were — went mad
with excitement. "Rah! Rah! Rah!
Quincetown! Quincetown! Quince!"
they yelled. And then everybody
knew. For not only Helmstaedter.
but every man in- the Frankfort team,
was none other than one of the rejru
lar Quincetown Collese team, dis
guised In Frankfort colors. Miss Bet
ty turned pale. Masterson across the
field smiled. "All's fair." he assured
himself. ■.■"*.":
Another floor oponpd and Tommy
McClenahan stepped out. The "Way
si'te team followed him — eleven Way
sfde stalwart*. They rushed Into the
field pell mpll. Everybody, realizing
the trick that Masterson had played.
made for purifying the blood by breath
ing. A careful study of these will prove
interesting knowledge for every parent
Any school book on physiology and
hygiene will give all the Information
needed.
It Is very Important, then, that hav
ing realized that the child Is an ani
mal with certain advantages over
other animals, the parents should
strive to make the child a strong ani
mal. But little will ever be accom
plished by most children unless care Is
taken to provide them with strong
bodies. To do this parents will need
give attention to a number of Impor
tant matters.
Parents should consider well quan
tity, quality and variety of food for
children. All needs should be deter
mined by the age of the child, as well
as by the time of taking, and the cli
mate. Some foods are of good use.
Others should never be taken save In
cold weather. Milk, lean flesh and the
whole wheat are those which will sus
tain life longest without change. " At
tention must also be given to the man
ner of eating. Another matter which
parents should watch is that of drink
ing too much at the table, as that Is a
habit which many children have. An
other important matter is the charac
ter and amount of clothing which it Is
best for children to wear. The ven
tilation both day and night, the impor
tance of light, regulation of the tem
perature of the house, character and
amount of exercise, sleep required, and
many similar matters, ara things
which the parents should keep In mind
and try to understand. Thus they may
the better help their children to de
velop strong bodies with which to fight
life's battles.
Some will be ready to say that it Is
too much trouble to study these things
for the purpose of helping their chil
dren. Many are willing to spend more
time on how to raise better pigs, or
finer dogs and cats, than In learning
By L. B. Lewis
erty, and this included Consul Hart
man. The laboring men of that State
would show the great United States
how they regarded her by chasing her
Consul at San Escondido from his of
fice and then hauling down and' tramp
ling upon the Stars and Stripes. His
plans were well laid, and a part of
them worked all right. That any of
the details miscarried was not his
fault, nor yet that of the Consul.
One morning Jim Hartman received
a visitor whose card- bore the inscrip
tion, "Thomas Holmes, Colorado, U.
S. A." Mr. Holmes was no gentleman.
That is, he explained that he had been
a prospector, laborer, miner and sev
eral oth^er things, and was even then
looking for something that might pay
him a couple of dollars per day until
he could get a new hold with his feet.
He had been landed from a steamer
with only $3 in cash in his pockets,
and the card he sent in was a writ
ten address in pencil. He was talking
with the Consul about the mines near
at hand and begging for a Job, when
the telephone; rang and the superin
tendent of the American said over the
wire:
"Hell broke loose here half an hour
ago. Men all went on a strike, and
are now destroying everything within
reach. When they get through here
they are going to march into town and
make it hot for you. Better vamose
at once."
"What's up?" asked Holmes of Colo
rado, as the Consul turned to him with
a pale face.
"Strike at the mines, and the fellows
are coming here to do me up."
"But you are the Consul."
"That won't play any part."
"But the American flag flies over
your head."
"They'll tear it down and drag it
through the gutters. I've got to get
out within five minutes if I want to
save my life."
"See here, man," said Mr. Holmes, as
the Consul walked about grabbing up
books and papers and storing them in
the vault, "it strikes me that you are
a fish worm instead of a man."
"What the devil yould you have me
do? Stay here and be torn to pieces
by a frenzied mob? There Is no sol
diery here to protect me, and when a
South American mob starts in to do"
violence it doesn't stop at anything.
These strikers will hang every Ameri
can in San Escondido. before noon."
"I'll bet dollars to cents they don't,"
was the sturdy reply. "So you propose
to evacuate the position before you are
attacked?"
"I propose to get out of this In the
next three minutes." ,
"Then Uncle Sam made a mistake in
sending you down here. Have you any
firearms around?"
*There la a Winchester and ammnn!-
®f ; f 2$S»»s
knew that the Wajvlde team wen» go
ing out to certain destruction. Not a
word was uttered, however, until the
two teams began to line up. At that
Instant, however, the two teams gazed
into each other's faces, and tha
Quincetown team blanched and step
ped back. Then pandemonium broke
loose.
"'Yalevard! Yalevard! Yalevard!"
cried half a hundred strangers. The
whole stand arose and yelled. ' "Yal«
vard!" It cried. And then everybody
knew. For Tommy McClenahan had
been kept Informed of certain thins*
by Miss Betty's small brother, and
had profited accordingly. Tommy had
checkmated Masterson for sure.
And accordingly the Yalevard team
carried off its share of the $1000 and
a goodly portion of the gate receipts.
And as the Quincetown-Yalevard offi
cial game approaches. It is no wonder
that the odds have been fixed at 4 to 1
on Yalevard. For the Frankfort Plains
score was 36 to 0.
"You don't mean to say. Miss Betty.'*
said JAisterson. "that you would let
ycur marriage hang on the mere scon*
of a earned"
Miss Betty smiled. "All's fair—"
she answered. "You asked me thirteen
time!* — what could you expect?"
Later she lifted up her face to Tom
my's to be kissed. "I knew you"d>wln
that game some way." she remarked.
She shuddered. "It would have been
awful if you hadn't.*" .•' ,
how to bring up children. This seems
a pretty hard statement, but is it not
true? How few parents have given
Bystematic study to this most impor
tant problem? Drop into the nearest
library and you will find many volumes
devoted to the raising of dogs and sim
ilar matters. Search diligently and It
is doubtful If you will be able to find
a single book of practical suggestions
upon the management and training of
children. Had there been a demand
for such books the country would have
been flooded with them.- Think of it!
More Interest in developing the soul
less occupant of the pigpen than in un
folding precious human beings, mad*
after the image of God himself, and
bearing the unmistakable stamp of
the parents' peculiarities.
The best wealth any parent can give
a child Is health of mind and body.
Without It life must be a prolonged
misery. Woe to the parent who has
sown seeds of disease In his unborn
children. There may be some little ex
cuse for those who do not look care
fully after the health of those born
healthy. For others there can be none.
The child who starts with a strong
body has a hundred times better chanc*
of enjoying a happy and successful Hf»
than the child who has not a healthy
body. There are some few notable ex
ceptions, but they only prove the rule.
Health Is the first and perpetual condi
tion of success. How many of those
who have wealth would give It all for
the health enjoyed by tha poorest la
borer on the street! Tha great trouble
Is that, like other blessings. It bright
ens only as It takes Its flight. There
fore we are not apt to care for it until
It Is too late.
The child who wants health wants
everything. Give him health and moral
and Intellectual training, and you need
give him nothing else. Fall to give
him health and you can never make
up for the loss. Give him health and
no one will envy him the happiness It
brings.
tion In that closet, but you will be a
fool to stay. They'll be here within
an hour, and If they don't hang you It'll
be because they'll tear you to pieces
first."
"Thank you." replied Mr. Holmes
as the Consul bolted out of the ofSce.
"but I'm going to stay right here and
keep Old Glory flapping in the morn
ing breeze. If any man can haul down
that flag while I'm on guard I'll quit
calling Denver, Colorado, my native
town."
The alarm began to spread through
the town. Stores and banks were
closed and many citizens left by any
conveyance they could secure. Mr.
Holmes had a dozen callers who ad
vised him to leave at once, but he sim
ply shook his head and went on barri
cading the doors and windows and
taking a loving glance at the old flag
now and then. He had an hour to
get ready in and It was plenty of time.
He sent word to the Mayor of ths
town that he would hurt some one if
attacked, and the Mayor replied that
he must fisht his own battle, and then
left town. At the end of an hour
SO0O men appeared with flags flying
and drums beating. There were 1000
men from tha mines, and tha others
were the riff-raff of the city and coun
try. -That gang meant mischief. It
had adopted the "American idea" for
the first time and it proposed to make
its power felt. A dozen citizens were
assaulted, fences broken down, stores
sacked and telephone poles torn down
to get up an appetite, and then the
leader steered them for the American
consulate. The mob screeched and
cheered and, rushed forward, expect
ing to have the building torn down in
five minutes.
"Now.^Ir.. Holmes of Colorado," said
the occupant to himself as he witnessed
the rush; and the Winchester spok»
and a man dropped dead.
It spoke as fast as Mr. Holmes could
draw trigger, and at every report a
man went down. The mob had fire
arms and volleys were fired; it had
rocks and it showered them against
the building like hailstones. When tha
rifle was empty the magaalne was re
filled, and it was pop! pop! .pop! until
the mob finally turned and took to its
heels in a panic and left Old Glory still
waving. There was no return. A few
more stores were sacked and a few
more citizens cuffed about, and then
the "strike for freedom" was over. Mr.
Holmes from Colorado removed his
barricade in iue time and sauntered out
upon the public sc"ire and did eoma
counting.
"About twenty-five, as I make it." h»
mused, "and half a dozen others must
have been 'carried off. Not so bad for
a new beginner — for a man who just
fell into the Job, as It were, and had
only an hour to fet ready ini"'
56
HER NAME
<3Y Z,IL/#y-
(Copyright. 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
I) y *l 4 H * * h€g your par "
'> 5 Si^^^^xJI don «" sne gasped, as
r££^T/^iW the car< rklnK over
' ' f*l(i}f~\isti&, b new sinuosities* of
! *lVWr^?/fri track perpetrated by
1he subway, threw
ierys^— =!5Jta£J clous, wind fallen
peach Into the lap of a young man who
was buried in the day's newspaper.
He looked up amusedly as she gath
ered herself from his saving embrace
and the total wreck of his Evening
Yellow, then he arose hastily.
"Take my seat." he said courteously,
with hat alift and the faintest twinkle
In his dark eyes. "You will find it more
comfortable — if I don't."*
The ambiguous words sounded un
gracious to the girl's first confused
thought, and she hesitated. But one
glsnce into the frankly admiring eyes
and another subway serpentine decided
her. She sank with more haste than
grace into the proffered seat, while her
preserver stooped to recover her drop
ped purse, handkerchief and other scat
tered properties.
She rewarded him with smiling
thanks, then turned her anxious at
tention to the moving panorama of rain
deluged streets outside. The problem
In economics as to how she should
reach home, two long cross-blocks from
the car line, innocent as she was of
umbrella or rubbers, began to absorb
her mind.
Sr | only vouchsafed one brilliant,
perplexed glance upward at the fel
low paps-ntrer, who for her sweet sake
was submitting; himself to the modern
inquisition of "hanging by a strap till
dead."
But in that instant of wireless teleg
raphy he perceived her thought, and
resolved accordingly. So he rude on
past his club block after block, till his
fair vis-a-vis, having made up her
mind to run, if not for her own life, for
that of her new lace hat, signaled the
conductor and got off the car.
Grasping the voluminous fluffery of
her silken skirts in both hands, she
po-ised for flight, when a deep voice
addressed her in an extremely respect
ful tone:
"We seem to be going the same way,
and vou have no umbrella Won't you
chare mine?"
Fragments tt Marias *14er-sister1y
counsels regarding atrict propriety
floated through her mind as she hesi
jtated. But the man was evidently a
gentleman, and. besides, there was the
pouring rain and her new hat would
tx- ruined, not to mention this her very
Cist long gown.
She put her little hand on his offered
arm as trustingly as the child she was,
and they set forth.
In that short walk he made himself
deferentially agreeable, and she, who
had been shut in from all contaminat
ing male society by a careful sister of
40. her only guardian, entered into this
highly improper escapade with all the
guilty joy w f a young filly just broken
out of its stall into forbidden pastures.
She was so naive, yet daringly win
bc me, her soft, long-lashed gray eyes
were so innocent, yet so mischievous,
that It was small wonder that staid
Harry Bewley, secretary to a' highly
respectable millionaire downtown,
promptly lost his big, impulsive Irish-
American heart, and, what was worse,
his handsome head.
For as they ascended the brownstone
steps of the old mansion and he realized
that he might never see her again in
this great wilderness of New York, he
rashly begged her to let him call, and
call some time soon.
The girl was frightened at what sh<s
the blacksmith
HE musical composi-
Bp/rcj'.HgS? tion of Handel, in-
G Jrt spired by the tink,
B Xj JVT* tink, tink of the ham
1 \RT smithy, and the poem
R. £m'Tm\'£Z&L of Longfellow have
Invested the village blacksmith with an
atmosphere of poetry:
Under a i-preading chestnut tree the village
■n.lshy stands;
Tbe smith, a misnty man is he, with large
a:. a sinewy bands.
And th« muscle* of his brawny arms are
fctron^ a« Iron bands.
He is regarded as the king of all
trades, and the story that accounts for
hib diadem, as found in many English
counties, is as follows: On a certain
occasion a contest arose among the
tradesmen as to which trade was the
most^jiiportant of all and as to which
tradesman should be esteemed king.
The baker naid: "I ought to be king,
for I feed all." But tbe plowman said:
"Xay. that should be I, for I plow the
land for the corn, and without the corn
m. bread can be baked." Then said the
mason: "I must be king, for I pro
vide houses tor baker and plowman,
and for all." ■ But the wagoner ex
claimed: "I should be king, for with
out me the corn would not be taken to
the mill, ncr would the mason have ma
terial wherewith to build."
"A fine set of fellows are you all!"
exclaimed the cobbler. "Unless I shod
you all none would be able to go about
his work, but would limp over the
country— cripples. " And the huntsman
declared: "Unless I shot down tbe
game all corn would be devoured, and
the tand would be incapable of main
taining mankind. I should be pro
claimed the king."
The blacksmith said nothing, but he
extinguished his fire and ceased to ply
his bellows.
Presently the baker came to him. "I
want a new pell for my oven," said he.
"1 will not give you one, unlees you
surrender your claims to me," said the
smith.
Next cam* the plowman. "I must
have a new share for my plow."
"That is right, but only if you recog
nize me as king will I provide It"
Then came tbe masons "Mr tools
need sharpening."
"Well enough," replied the smith:
"sharpened they shall be If you ac
knowledge me as king."
After that arrived the wagoner; bis
had drawn upon herself. His" brown
eyes were desperately pleading as he
closed the umbrella and stood beside
her under the" columned "shelter of "the
entrance way. i
"Oh. please go away," she implored
him, glancing apprehensively about,
and hurriedly fitting her key to the
lock, "some one, perhaps Sister Maria,
might see you."
"Not till you tell me when I may
horses needed to be shod. The black
smith consented to shoe them only on
condition that he abandoned his pre
tensions. Next arrived J,he~cobbler. He
required cl<mt» for the boots and shoes
he made, and he wus supplied only on
the same conditions. The last to ap
pear was the huntsman. He must have
his gunlock repaired. "I will do it—
but surrender your assumption of king
ship to me," said the smith. And so It
came to pass that all tradesmen were
forced to acknowledge the blacksmith
as king.
But the forge has furnished saints.
Baldomer of Lyons was one. Viventius,
Abbot of St. Just, going into the smithy
one day saw Baldomer. leaning on his
hammer engaged in prayer, and he en
tered into conversation with him. and
found that his knowledge of the Scrip
tures was so great that he Induced him
to enter his abbey. The gentleness of
Baldomer was so great that at meal
times he crumbled bread In his hand
and. holding it out of the window, the
wild birds came, full of trust, and
perched on his fingers. Then he would
say: "Eat. little birds; cat and sing
praises to the Lord." He died about
the year 6G0. i,..'."-.
But it Is St. Eligius who is regarded
as the patron of blacksmiths, but with
out much reason, for he was brought
up as a goldsmith and worked at en
amels. Clothalr II wanted a throne
made of precious metal, and. as he
could find no one else capable of under
taking th«* task he confided it to Eli
gius. giving him at the same time the
metal necessary for making the throne.
Eligius found that he had enough
wherewith to make two seats. When
they were done he gav*» on* to the
king, who admired it. and ordered pay
ment to be mad* to the skillful work
man. Then Eligius produced the sec
ond throne. The king was so struck
with his honesty that h» Immediately
advanced him to be master of the mint.
In art he is erroneously represented as
a farrier, with a horse's leg in his hand,
the story going that as he was . one day
shoeing a horse the animal proved res
tive, so be took the leg off, shod It and
put It on again without' evil conse
quences. Any one who has been to
Hildeshelm has seen the treasury of
the cathedral. It contains superb work
by its Bishop Bernward. who was- a
notable smfth, both in iron- and in pre
cious metals. He died in 1022. He cast
*ee y«u again — I must. Life will never
be the same again. Here," he hastily
thrust a card into her hand and held
it there, "I am with Bronson & Co.,
Canal street. Any one can tell you
that I am not an adventurer nor — "
"Very well." she interrupted in ter
ror, hearing steps Inside. "Come next
Wednesday evening — ask for; Mls^
Anoline Dwight."
She onened the door and was gone
By S. Baring-Gould *j@
the bronze gates, sixteen feet high, for
his cathedral in 1015. They are unsur
passed as specimens of early metal
work. . In the square before the cathe
dral stands a brazen pillar of his work
manship. It is fourteen feet high and
bears a bas-relief of twenty-eight rep
resentations of our Lord's life and pas
sion winding round it In a scroll from
the base upward, after, the manner. of
those of Trajan's column. This Bern-"
ward completed just before his death.
Do any readers of the present day
know their Scott. In "Kenilworth"
the smith; Waylan'd, Is Introduced as
a ch«'iracter living in the times of.
Queen Elizabeth. But he belongs to a
remote antiquity. He is mentioned in
the Anglo-Saxon poem of Beowuulf of
the seventh or eighth century. But
we have to go to the Icelandic early
poetry to learn his story. There was
a King of Sweden who had- two sons
and a daughter; . he heard that a
skillful blacksmith lived in a hut at
no- great distance, so he • went, to it
when the smith, whose name was
Wayland. was out, broke , open . his
cupboard and took from.it a. <. heavy
gold ring. This he gave to his daugh
ter. Then he had Waylan.d seized,
hamstrung, and condemned him to
forge swords and ornaments of precious
metal for himself. , .- .
Wayland was filled wlthvresentment
and resolved' on punishing., the' King.
He worked for some time diligently at
his forge, fashioying swords. -One day
the two Princes came : to visit it and
look at his work. Wayland seized them,
murdered them, cut off their: heads and
burned their bodies under his bellows.
Then he fashioned out of their, skulls
splendid cups, enchased in gold, which
he sent to the King, who, quite unsus
picious of what had become of his sons,
drank ale 'from these cups. Now Way
land's brother was a notable archer and
he killed many eagles, and he gave the
plumes to Wayland. who out of them
contrived a pair of wings.
On a certain day the Princess broke
her gold ring and she went to the forge
to have it repaired. - Wayland brutally
maltreated her, and then getting on his
wings flew to the top of a hedge that
surrounded the' residence, and from
there summoned the King and < re
hearsed to him all that he had done
and- then flew -far away.' • • .
A long stride thence to tbe village
THE SAN- FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
from his eager sight
During the next week Harry Bew
ley'8 days and nights. were a ferment
of flitting, gray-eyed visions in blue
flounces and adorable lace hats. Ano
line! What a beautiful name It was!
When Wednesday evening came at
last, he made a dart for the door of
the office promptly^ at 6 — something
he had never done before and which
astonished his employer beyond jneas-
blacksmith of the present day.
The children crating home from school look in
at the open door;
They love to nee the flaming; forge and 'heir
the bellows roar, . v
And catch the burning 'sparks that fly Ilk*
- : chart from a threshing floor.
He toes on Sunday to the church and sits
among the boys.
He hears the parson pray and preach, he hears
his daughter's voice.
Singing In th* village choir,' and tt makes his
heart ■ rejoice.
What a place for gossip is th« black
smith's forge! It Is in ' the country
what the barber's shop is In town!
Thither congregate all the yokels when
he Is hammering, especially hen he is
shoeing a horse, • ■ : .
He is a man subject to severe criti
cism, .for there exists a vast differ
€...<; between farriers. Some are nota
ble for their skill In shoeing horses,
and some stand very low in esteem for
that. And a horse seems Instinctively
to Lnow the ■skillful farrier from the
bungler, who -will not> put on the right
flttin shoe, or will drive the nails bo
as to mangle- the hoof. - : '. • •
There Is a ballad of. the "jlacksmlth
known throughout all England, and
sung to. a pleasant melody:
Here's health to. th* jolly- blacksmith, the best
-.. or good fellows.
Who wdrks at his anvil, while the boy blows
■ the bellows. ' ;■'•*
"Which makes my bright hammer to rise and to
fall. .
Here's to old Cole, and to young Cole, and to
•A .old Cole of all. / . .
Twanky dillo. twanky dlllo. .V.
A roaring pair of bellows made of the green
r, • willow. ■-,
Tf a' gentleman 'calls his horse for to shoe,
He makes no denial of one pot or two,
For It makes my bright hammer, to rise and
to fall.
Here's to old Cole, and to young Cole, and to
; old Cole of all. :>■ ;•-. --.-,
Twanky dillo. twanky dlllo.
And he that loves strong beer Is a hearty good
., fellow. • ... . ■ . . :. . .
Here's health to King Cbarlie and likewise his
- queen, . .■'.'• •• - ■
And to all the little royal ones .where'er ther
be seen. ' . "
Which makes my bright hammer to rise and
to fall.. ' . .- . ■
Here's to old Cole, and to young Cole, and to
old Cole of all. ■'••'' s •
Twanky dlllo. twanky dillo. > -
A roaring pair of bellows made of the green
' • /willow. • •• '
The bejlows were not made of willow,
but Niund with willow rods. ; .
The story is told' of the German noble
fa.nlly of Von Schmiedeburg ' that a
smith attached ' to: the service of the
Emperor Otho II saved !L mast* r when
Otho, to escape being ma Je prisoner by
the Greeks, Jumped Into the sea. The
smith threw himself in after his impe
rial master, and saved him. from
drowning; by holding him* -bove water
by the buckle -of his belt. For which
service the Emperor ennobled him and
gave him ai arms a jeweled buckle.
ti re. That wealthy gentleman .had
laid the foundation of his millions by
walking to save car fare and added to
them by underpaying and overwork
ing all the men in his employ.
But to-night his secretary slipped
THE IRISH OUTLOOK-
r Y = *-~ ~~ *—^— <j N previous sketches I
have shown, the re
' \t®S(3jS/H markiible progress
J^aS/'wS^&si I Ireland has made in
"^sH^wTl the ' last twentv
I IB^HwiIb years. Her stalwart
»^3J£=!S?^>^H Bons and fair daugn "
<Stt'? 1 i™^*^^ferwBi ters have now no
good reason to emigrate on the ground
that the ship was sinking. The head
of the greatest shipbuilding firm In the
world. W. J. PirVle of Belfast, said a
few weeks ago: "Ireland Is ripe for
commerce, so ripe that I should be very
sorry to. advise one of her young men
to try his chances abroad while such
glorious prospects remain. at his door
step." What are the glorious prospects
to which the millionaire Pirrie refers?
The transformation of the tenant farm
er into a land owner will give an im
petus to agriculture which will find the
most adaptable products and the best
markets. The man who loafed around
the "shebeen." or public house, because
he had nothing else to do will be found
with pick or shovel behind the plow or
trundling a truck with prospects of
plenty of wholesome, solid food and
all things necessary for bodily com
fort. Ireland's numerous harbors are
no longer a. .dreary expanse of water
where the seagull would starve and
the surrounding hills could not re-echo
the toot" of the steam whistles because
there was no toot. Now great trans-
Atlantic liners, leviathans of the deep,
snort their way into the whilom slum
bering harbors and quays, and docks
are alive with busy worjemen. Accord
ing to the latest returns, more than
185.000 farmers, representing more than
half a million of the population, are
engaged in profitable co-operative en
terprises.
Regarding the near future. "How
is ooor old Ireland and where does
she stand?" From a political stand
point she stands in a more favorable
position than she did .in 1885. prior
the Introduction of the home rule
bill by Gladstone. Now. as then, her
more than eighty solid Nationalist
votes hold the balance of power be*
tween the two great parties. Tory and
Liberal. In the British House. of Com r
inons. In consequence of the seces
sion of .many free traders from the
Tory ranks the Government would be
in a hopeless minority were It not for,
the Irish vote. Once again In the
weltering: chaos of British parties the
Irish National ..party.. : united, deter
mined and knowing what they want
and how to get It, are absolute mas
ters of the -situation in Parliament.
Therefore If the Government wants to
out and away from the usual hour'a
work overtime and hurried to his
club, where he spent fifteen hasty min
utes at his dinner and an hour and
three-quarters at his toilet.
Appareled at last to suit his fas-
hold its places they must come to terms
with .the Irish party. It is trans
parent to the humblest intelligence
that Balfour and his Cabinet want to
retain their offices while Chamberlain
pursues his campaign to victory or de
feat. Until the sponge is thrown up
in the fight between free trade and
protection the present Ministers are
deteimined to hold on to their Jobs.
Balfour is paying the game of "Heads
I. win. tails you lose." If Chamberlain
wins Balfour will chum with him: If
he fail the "glassy eye" will be his re
ward. '»
There are three measures which the
Irish Nationalists have on their pro
gramme for Parliamentary action:
1. Amelioration of the condition of
Irish laborers.
. 2. Establishment of a Cathollo
university.
S. Home rule or legislative Indepen
dence.
Englishmen are now convinced of the
truth so often inculcated by Gladstone
that Irishmen are the best Judges of
what legislation is required for the good
of their country, and where It is de
manded by more than eighty out of Ire
land's 103 representatives In the House
of Commons English and Scotch mem
bers should not block the way. The
land acts, culminating in the Wyndham
act- creating a peasant ; proprietary,
while vastly benefiting well-to-do farm
ers, have not appreciably bettered the
condition of farming laborers and small
tenants, whose families furnished most
of the emigrants who . crowded the
steamers sailing for America.
Promises have for many years past
been 'given, both by Tory, and Liberal
governments, to establish a Catholic
university In Ireland which would sat
isfy the demands of the Catholics, who
constitute three-fourths of the popula
tion. They were made only to be
broken. The present Premier, Mr. Bal
four, has declared himself repeatedly
in favor of the proposition. Unlike the
United States, denominational educa
tion has the sanction and support of
the British Government In the three
kingdoms. Trinity College. Dublin, a
Protestant Institution, has enjoyed rich
revenues from the time of Queen Eliza
beth to the present. The Queen's Uni
versity in Belfast is to all intents and
purposes a Presbyterian college.
Branches of the same university in
Cork and Galway have been dismal
failures because, under the ban of the
Catholic hierarchy on account of their
Godless system of training. An Irish
Catholic university btll will rAet with
strenuous opposition from the same ele
ment which fought so bitterly the Lon
don education bill, recently passed by
a narrow. majority. The Cabinet will
tldlous taste, he sallied forth to a,
Madison-avenue car. Arriving at the
house whose fair dweller had haunted
his dreams, he rang the bell and wait
ed with his heart thumping so loud
under his stiff dress shirt that he won
dered if she could hear it In that sec
ond floor front room she had told
him was hers and which he had
watched every evening for a week In
hope of seeing even her shadow.
The door was opened by a trim
maid.
"Is — is Miss Anoline Dwight at
home?" he stammered in his excite
ment, fumbling in his card case.
The maid stared and then giggled,
but in a moment straightened her de
portment to its usual dignity.
"Yes. sir. I guess she's down stairs."
she remarked; then glancing doubt
fully at the bit of pasteboard. "Shall
I take this to 'er?" And the giggla
threatened to break bounds again.
"Certainly." responded Mr. Bewley
in his most lofty manner, though he
reddened visibly. What the deuce ailed
the girl, he wondered. Probably Miss
Dwight was at dinner — he hoped ha
had not come too early. He anxiously
consulted his watch. Nine o'clock
was not so late — a burst of laughter
from below, whither the servant had
repaired, startled his embarrassment
anew, and the words "Plug hat. too!"
floated up to him.
When she came back she was at no
pains to conceal her mirth. "Jes* step
this way. sir." she giggled, and he
followed her, much perturbed, to the
basement.
"Gen'le'man to see Miss Dwight."
she announced loudly, opening the
kitchen door with a flourish, and
abruptly withdrew to a back room,
whence muffled explosions of mirth Is
sued at intervals.
"To' wan' see me. suh?" A hug*.
black hulk in turban and white apnm
waddled toward him. "I's Mls» An
erllne Dwizht — de cook ob dls yr
'stablishment."
On confronting this African appari
tion, Mr. Bewley stared, opened hi»
mouth to speak, then fled. When he
emerged, wrathful, wretched, disap
pointed and humiliated, he went back
to the club and called himself all the
unpleasant names he could think of.
He arose the next morning with a lark.
— or what corresponds to It in this city,
the milk wagons— and delighted hia
employer by being first at the office.
Also for several mornings thereafter.
But a reward other than ofllclal ap
proval — cold comfort though it was—
awaited him a few days later, in the
form of a dainty blue note sealed with
white wax. It was from sister Maria,
as follows:
"My Dear Mr. Bewley: \ '
"Through a chance remark of one of
the servants to-day I was led to ques
tion my sister Nell concerning a hoax
she very unjustly played upon you the
other evening.
"Neil is very young and inexperi
enced, and I have tried to be father and
mother both to the orphan child; so I
write now to ask your pardon for her
impropriety and later rudeness to you.
"Your desire for further acquaint
ance, if you still cherish such, may
possibly be furthered, if you can find
a mutual friend through whom to re
ceive the usual formalities of an in
troduction.
"I beg to remain.
"Yours very truly,
"MARIA L. BROSTER."
Harry groaned in despair as he read.
How could he ever hope, among the
several millions who inhabited the Isl
and of Manhattan to find one who
knew Miss Nell Broster. The prover
bial needle in the haystack waa an
easy search as compared to this.
But a tiny penciled word at the bot
tom of the page caught his eye:
"(Over.)
He turned the page and with It
turned a new and joyful leaf In his life,
for it held all the sweetness of love'a
young dream. This is what he read:
"P. s.— Sister gave me this to ma.ll.
She has probably forgotten to aay. that
I was a roommate at boarding school
of your Mr. Bronson's niece and ward
Mabel. You go there every Saturday
to audit hia household accounts, dont
you? NELL. BROSTER."
"P. 8. No. 2 — Mabel has asked me te
lunch with her next Saturday. N. B."
ex J. J. Tobin
bo divided upon the question. If th«
Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr.
Chamberlain, Inherits the political
views of his father he will be unalter
ably opposed to any denominational
grants unless the tip Is given by the
old man that he had better stand la for
the sake of the Irish vote.
The Secretary of War, Arnold To*
ter, represents a North of Ireland con
stituency which would harbor n« klaa
feelings If he supported the) bill.
The third and greatest measure*
home rule, is one opposition to which
brought about the elevation to pswer
of the so-called Union part), a combi
nation of Tories and seceding Liberals,
prominent among whom were the Duke
of Devonshire and Joseph Chamberlain*
late members of the Cabinet. There Is.
however, a consensus of opinion among
all parties that a large -xtension of
self-government must be granted to
Ireland.
The obnoxious bureaucratic system
of government, with headquarters In
Dublin Castle, must be route I out and
the people given a voice In the admiry
lstrartlon of national affairs. In a let
ter written a few days ago to Coloi.el
John F Finnerty of Chicago, John
Redmond, leader of the Irish Parlia
mentary party, said: "No concessi i
of any sort on land, education taxa
tion or anything else, tc us by an/
English party or English Government
must be allowed to interfere with the
■\isorour prosecution of the movement
for the fr.lfllli. ent of Ireland's 'ust a-:
pirations for freedom. Every victory
won In the past has strengthened our
hand. To-day Ireland stands facing
the future with a confidence and
strength she never before possessed.
For my part, I honestly believe that
we can now raise so strong a move
ment as to make it comparatively easy
by taking advantage of the divisions
in the English parties and the growing
union which we all hope to see among
classes in Ireland to achieve home
rule." - .
The dancer ahead Is when Parlia
ment meets In February. The Govern
ment is in such a wobbly condition in
consequence of dissensions among the
leaders a dissolution may be precipi
tated without accomplishing anything.
It is generally understood that the
lately reconstructed Cabinet Is only a
stop gap affair.
The Standard, which is the recog
nized organ of the Tory party, sorrow
fully admits that the party is distract
ed, tossed upon a sea of opposing In
fluences and conflicting opinions. Bal
four is leaving nothing undone to
stave off the inevitable dissolution until
Chamberlain gets his mandate from
the voters to back down or go ahead
with his protection scheme.NEW LITERATURE OF THE YEAR
J. J. Belt Creates
Rare Mrs. McLerie
AMES JOY BELL., the young
I Scotch Journalist, is making hay
jj while it is vet his boon to bask
I !n the fleeting sunshine of popu-
J lar favor. "Wee Macgregor"
* made his name known about a
year ago then followed "Ethel." a
bright little tale which detracted noth
ing from hi* wen-earned reputation,
and now he gives us still a third. "Mrs.
M'Lerie.'" This la making hay with
a vengeance.
It Is evidently Mr. Ball's endcax-or to
revive the popular taste for the Scotch
burr which passed with Watson"s
"Bennie Briar Bush" and Barries
"Tommy" stories. Perhaps it is over
rash to say that the Scotch dialect
story has passed; it may bs true that
Bell's latest book clearly demonstrates
that the land o' cakes is with us yet.
It Is certain, however, that Drumtoch
ty. Thrums and all those places of
sainted memory had their distinct
vogue once and are not now the Mec
cas of the Caledonian votaries that
they were five years ago.
Mr. Ball works along precarious
trails. A story like "Wee Macgregor"
or "Mrs. M'Lerie" depends for Its suc
cess entirely upon the caprices of the
moment on the part of the. reading
world. This in the dia
lect story is a great chance; it may
make the author famous for the min
ute, but the glory is not for lonj. Ed
ward Townsend. who was ten years
ago an unknown reporter upon this
j<aper. suddenly flared into popularity
with "Chlmmie F&dden" and then went
out. Peter Dunne with his "Dooley"
had a great vogue for a time and then
the public left him. Not long ago a
certain Seumas MacMannus was filling
the magazines with Irish stories, but
now his name Is forgotten. Thus fare
the dialecticians. May the fates be
kin«J to Mr. Bell.
"Mrs. M'Lerie" is distinctly a clever
bouk. It is a novel and brilliant
achievement out of the beaten paths of
literature. For those who are able to
enjoy delicate caricature and bubbling
mirth "Mrs. M'Lerie" will have an es
pecially strong appeal.
The author has chosen to reveal his
gadding old Scotch gammer out of her
own mouth and therefore he has cast
his little book entirely in dialogue. Mrs.
M'Lerie and her boon crony, Mrs.
Munro, sit over "dishes o' tea" and
babbie along delightfully about stuffed
birds, liver pills. Masonic societies or
church raffles. Mis. M'Lerie is so un
consciously ingenuous, Mrs, Muro so
quick to prompt and correct her friend
from the laughably lacking store of her
erudJUosC that the sum total of these
two auld wives' opinions upon things
and things is refreshingly humorous.
Yet beneath all the quaint humor and
the sly fun there js a little thread of
something solid, of a character picture
which makes a strong appeal to the
h<ait_ Not a. crocbety old lady, this
Mrs. M'Lerie. nor a scold, but a lov
able old soul who rejects the wishes
of "her man" to the veriest lot and
vhose love for her son Johns "wee
lassie' reaches even to the depths of
her canny Scotch purse.
Mrs M'Lerie's "Glaagle" Scotch Is
not hard to read. One does not have to
pause between a choke and a sneeze
to mouth the words which fall from
her oracular lips. When she is relat
ing lively circumstances her burr is
softened into vivid Queen's Enc ish.
For example. *ben she pours Into
Mrs. Munro's ear the stirring tale of
how «he *as chased by Mistress Mc-
Corklndale's goat there Is no mincing
of her it's
•• They tried to gar me believe It was
a tame goat— a tame goat— an* It wis
jitt wantln* to play wl* me. A tame
goat-* TAME—'
"•But maybe It wU » tame eoat.
Mistress M'Lerie.' ;
"For once In her life Mrs. M Lerie s
face lowered on ner friend. 1— I wisht
ye had seen the beast as near as I
■ 'Aw, weel; I suppose ye re rlcht
aboot It feeln* a wild yin.'
•• 1 suppose I am-' "
(The Century Company. New Tom;
price, n 00.)
Hardy Muse Runs
Wild in "Dynasts"
- AIGLON, standing affrlchted
I upon Wagram field and conjur-
L ing up the terrible spirits of the
pact, saw not such a stupendous
host of pfeantoms nor heard such a
rustling of vampire wings as those
which came In a vision to Thomas
Hardy, the English man of letters. His
study must have been surcharged with
disembodied ehad^s, astral archancels
and grinning trolls when he set him
self to the -writing of "The Dynasts."
The gibbering of bogles of unright
eousness, the whieper of mysterious
sprites of the air. the soundinz call of
Azrael-what uncanny voices were
there absent from that unholy chorus
which dinned into the ears of the
would-be dramatist a Jumbled roar of
unintelligible sounds and caused hla
pen to attempt vainly the transcrip
tion of this bedlam of thousht prompt
' For it was a drama of the Napoleon
ic throes which Hardy was attempt
ing; a drama in three parts, nineteen
acts and thirty scenes. Shades of
Chinese tragedy! The first part of this
stupendous dramatic panorama we
have uith us now: as to the other two.
Mr. Hardy naivHy state* that they are
"in hand'»and their publication "is not
Kuarart»»*>d." This doling out of one
ooriFignrr.ent first shows thai Mr.
Hardy h^s at 1« as* the dramatic rnan
ager's instinct and that he is "trying
:t an a dog."
The author cannot be blamed for
having an imagination. It Is readilv
understood that the remarkable period
of Ktrrsg which was straining the na
tions of Europe Just one hundred years
ago produced effects which mav well
tire the imagination of a less worthy
man than Hardy. The tremendous
sweep of army after army, the crash
,of thrones and the rending of boun
daries cannot but produce In the mind
of .any one of poetic sensibilities a
mental picture of the dreadful tenor of
those times. Such has been the effect
upon Hardy. But he .would give this
impressive visualized epic out to a less
imaginative world and therein he
makes a mistake.
The task is too great for the pen of
the author. He cannot be a Homer or
a Milton. He has not the power to
grasp the enormous thought in Its en
tirety. The theme at the back of it
all which holds together all of the
multitudinous cantos and makes the
one great unit may be In his mind but
not in his work. The result is that the
epic drama which- he hoped to create
is naught but a fearsome olla p<jdrida
of disjointed visions.
To be fair to Mr. Hardy, he seem*d
to realize his inability, for In a lengthy
foreword he admits that "in devistng
this chronicle piece no attempt has
been made to create that completely
organic structure of action and closely
webbed development of character and
motive which are demanded In a
drama strictly self-contained." On the"
contrary, he leaves it to the reader to
fill up the gaps and the waste places
from the fonts of his own* imagina
tion, thus giving the drama itself the
capacity of a handy Baedeker, as it
were, to Napoleonic epic verse. But
a not very intelligible handbook "The
Dynasts" proves to be.
Not the least of the stumbling
blocks (n the path of the willing
reader are the "Phantom Intelli-
p^nces" which wing their astral (tight
from cover to cover. "The Ancient
Spirit of the Years," "The Shade of
the Earth." "Spirit o/ Pities" and
countless companion disembodied con
ceptions of philosophy are made to di
rect the figures on the blood red stage
below like marionettes at a puppe'
show. They debate, philosophize and
wrangle even. Their part in the piece
is very much like- those of "First
Spirit" and "Second Spirit" in Cole
ridge's "Ancient Mariner."
For these creatures Hardy must
needs make some vindication. In his
preface he says: "Their doctrines are
but tentative, and are advanced with
little eye to a systematized philosophy
warranted to lift 'the burthen of the
mystery* of this unintelligible world.
The chief thing hoped for them is
that they and their utterances may
have dramatic plausibility enough to
procure for them, in the words of
Coleridge, 'that willing suspension of
disbelief for the moment which con
stitutes poetic faith.' "
It is not manifest that Hardy en
deavors to throw any new historical
light upon the Napoleonic wars,
though In his foreword he declares
that England's part in that great
struggle has been heretofore slighted
by European writers. His insistent
reiteration of the fact that all the
actors in the great warfare were but
puppets in the hands of "the Imma
nent Will" cannot be thought to be
any addition to> the historical record
by those who believe that we are, all
of us, in the hollow of God's hand.
The Almighty was known to have
shielded- Israel- from their enemies
while Napoleon was still the soul of
an Egyptian cat. may be.
From the viewpoint of style, Mr.
Hardy's work may be said to be good
rhetoric, but very poor verse. The
blank verse, if. chopped into separate
sentences, would be found to be
grammatically correct, but for blank
verse it is hardly to be accepted as
worthy of the name. There are many
weary wastes of djalogue to be tra
versed and few water springs of true
poesy rejoice the weary traveler. In
spiration seems to be lacking in the
verse, even though It supplied the
Mr. Hardy has made his name at
fiction. He has written some little
verses which are good. Bui it is
sincerely to be hoped that he will not
be encouraged into the completion of
parts two and three of this nlneteen
act phantasmagoria.
(The Macmillan Company. New
York.)
Spearman Is Lost
Without an Engine
f\ LAS and alack-n-dny! - Frank
fj Spearman has been betrayed into
I * the hands of mammon. He has
left the Rockv Mountain division
and the Spider bridge to shift for
themselves and has answered the call
of the hour for a novel of slocks and
bonds. ••The Close of the Day." Just
published, contains 224 pages and not
one word about engines or telegraph
operators. It is to be feared that Frank
Spearman was on a wild 'engine 'when
he wrote this, his latest.
It is distinctly a Rocky Mountain
rrade that' Spearman travels In this
new novel of his. There are twists and
turns in the story's roadbed which
would make the head of an engineer
swim. Sometimes there is an ominous
slipping and a whirring of the sanded
wheels. The landscape traversed is
somewhat dry and barren and the end
of the story leaves you In a tunnel of
the most oppressing gloom. Truly
Spearman had best stick by his old
railroad if he wishes to write a story
which is worth while.
Instead of hitting upon a construct
ing engineer or a night operator at the
telegraph key to submit as the hero
of his story, the author chooses a Chi
cago coffee broker, club man and bon
vlvant to hew the path in this new
wilderness of fiction. For Spearman,
who has never got far away from
his engine, must have a resourceful
hero to carry a novel which has noth
ing to do with railroads. Hence the
big man on the coffee exchange.
At the start the hero Is disclosed as
the host at a little midnight supper for
an actress and a dancer. This gives
him the needed earmarks of a man of
the world. But in order that George
Durant. the hero, may be thrown into
the proper circle of affinity with Kat,h
erine Sims, heroine, it is necessary that
he pass through an agonizing sickness,
be nursed to health by the father of
the heroine and become the natural
protector of the girl when that father
has passed away. Here, then,. is the
stereotyped situation accomplished;
middle-aged bachelor of very free hab
its, presumably, drawn by debt of
gratitude to innocent young woman,
left friendless and penniless; innocent
young woman has ambition, middle-
aged bachelor has Influence; ambition
plus influence equals success on part
of I. Y. W.v-Then what happens? What
a!>yays' dbes^-happen . tri such a" situa
tion? "'Love."^6f '.course. Greatly, to 'his
surprise triiddle~-ng<»d bachelor recog
nizes what .js 'the matter with "him.
Object ' cf ■ affections drawn toward
younger" riian, /not. realising; of course;
what is, the matter with. the bachelor.
Silence; secret locked up I heroically,
financial .disinters; sickness, and at
last de^th. Middle-aged bachelor's
death, to te sure. • . :
Such Is "The Close of the Day"; of
su»h ara nin^ii» and nine other stories.
The distinguishing feature about "Ths
Close' of the Day" {s that It combines
the atmosphere of the exchange and*
thft calcium glare of the sta*e for It*
mise en scene. ', The stoeks and bonds
element Is not Intruded beyond the ne
cessity of accounting for the hero's
gradual "decline and fall," as Mr.
Wegg would say in matters financial.
The stage feature of the story is.th*
leading one and a vfry attractive com?
ponent of the tale It Is. The author
has the knack of bringing to the fort
the gauds and tinsel of stageland so
that the reader feels the reality ,of it
all. ■ That part of Spearman's story
which deals with Katherlne's achieve
ments in the "Mikado** is good read-
Ing.
Particular exception, however, must
be taken to the lame way in which
the plot fs brought to a close. There
seems no artistic excuse for making
the hero an old and broken man before
his time and bringing him to his death
in the last chapter with the heroine
looking on from the arm of his rival.
The Impression is gained that Spear
man found his story running away
with' him nnd adopted thU as the only
expedient for a hard pressed hero.
.Spearman's story bears. a striking
resemblance to the "Mr. Salt" -of Will
Payne! Since Payne's is a typical story
of high-pressure life. In a great city
and written only a little while before
Spearman's it must be taken that both
authors were, seeking to answer the
new demand for novels of affairs -as
one would hasten to fill orders on May
wheat- But Spearman should stick
by his engine, for his journey afield
hns not been the most successful In
the world.
(D. App'oton & Co.,' New York;
price $1 23.) _
Short Notes, Upon
Some New Books
-. .OBERT E. ANDERSON, an ac
|^ knowledged . authority upon
|^ archaeology, has contributed
V "The Story, of Extinct Civllizi-
tions of the West" to Appleton's
Library of. Useful Stories. No better
volume of handy size designed to pre
sent a popular review of this subject
has been published. Within the small
comoasa " of a i6mo. volume of 190
pages the author has detailed ., the
story of the early American peoples
with a completeness which is entirely
satisfying to : ny casual reader.
The limitations of space have forced
the author to make a compilation
from the works of standard archaeol
ogists, historians and explorers rather
than to devote attention to the expo
sition of any theories of his own, for
theories-concerning these early civili
zations there are In great abundance
and their expression cannot be en
compassed by a work of the charac
ter of the present ode. Beginning
therefore with the possible foundation
for the myths concerning an ancient
Atlantis - In mld-Atlantlc. the author
reviews briefly the eajiy Nors£ and
Irish settlements In the Western hem
isphere,' the evidences of a superior
degree of civilization among the
American Indians and the many and
varied civilized states of the Aztecs
and the Peruvians.
The absorbing controversy concern-
Ing' the ' probable origin of the peoples
on this continent does not draw Ander
son Into any committing of himself
upon the subject. Nor does he care to
become a. party to the disputes over, the
racial differences betweeen Aztec and
Toltec, pueblo and plains Indian. His
only endeavor is to make' a compre
hensive review of the facts universally
THE SAN FRANCISCO k SUNDAY - CALL'.
accepted ■ In ' th e ■' study ..■ cf American
archaeology. : , > ..-■'. -.-... "• ''.■ : r":. v
~<D. Appleton & Co.. New Torkjliiua
trated;* price S5; cents.) •{4?;%' .' ■ .
: A modest little booklet of T*rse ap
peared a short time ago to offer itself
to the hearts of those w^pfind the sun
warm and the earth Joyful even In the
evening of life. It is from the hands of
a modest little lady about whose name
are the echoes of brilliant 'stage tri
umphs many years' ago. Aiice. Kinga
bury Coqley Is her name, and "Cricket's
Chirpings" the title of nor verse book.
No more fittingname could b% chosen
to carry this little message of content
ment. For, pure- Joy -of life, charity
toward all and a simple trust In the
btauty of the life to come— these are
the strains of unaffected emotion which
ar* founded through the gentle bits of
poesy. The po^t. rnf k«»n r<o «rres»t «f'"''"t
after a classically perfect form for her
thoughts. She atl'tcis i:o sreui uu.c^.y
of the Intricacies of rhyme acheme and
pojished meter. Candidly and unaf
fectedly she offers her thoughts as thsy
are to those who can read their m«9
eage.,.. : .,:' ■ v- ■".":.• , r " .- ■'. .-' ■ '■■■ ">.-.
The summation of Miss "Cooley'a
wholetome view of life Is found in thfe
verse entitled "A Prayer." V
O Thou to' Wnoni in grief I turn. v ,-■■■
Who drUs the uar« of tho«o who mourn.
Who love* with crea'.er love than mm.
•Whose breath the equrc.e of life doth" Tan!
O brrnthe on me with love .tlvln*:
Let tliy great purpose on me- shine.
O. grant me life that I might give
Of thj' ereat gilts to those who live
Without thy.muolc in th*ir ioul».
Who h«ar no'.'wh«n thy anthem rolli
In thunder tot;e from zonr to *one.
Or «ofu»t zephyr o'er e*rth blown.
Who know not yet that joy auprome.
E'»n sreatef f«r than they e'er <Jr.»m—
That wealth or fam« can ever span-
Is love for brotherhood of man. ..-
The" Owl Press. San Francisco.
Samuel N. Obldy of Ban Joss has puo
lished a unique boo'*, which Is. at the
same time, an exploitiUUiri of ths in
dustrial posslbilltitf of the Stats and
an announcement ijbf the capabilities
and business ? enterprise of the Goldy
Machine Company.*,* To the credit of
Mf. Goldy be it said that the advertise
ment of his rriVchine works takes an
unobtrusive background in the book,
and that a. conscientious effort to ex
pound the manifold industrial interests
of. California is the keynote of his
production. 1( • . v -,r
Mr. Goldy has endeavored In this
"Era of. California's. Possibilities'' to
set forth the existing natural advant
ages and conditions of California, irre
spective of any present effort or under
taking in . the development of her re
sources. . California's fuel, her metals
and her water power are thoroughly
reviewed by the author. Comparisons
between agricultural and horticultural
resources existing here and in the East
offer the author opportunity for finding
a favorable balance to our credit. To
these considerations' he adds brief
economic studies upon the- status of
capital in the West and the circulation
of wealth. The whole is tastefully illus
trated by. well reproduced half tones of
(Epical '' Cailforiiian scenes.
(Mulrsori & Wright, San Jose; price
ii oo.) v, ;/ .:' ■■ "... '^>i "- ■<■■'. £•'■'••
Tbe editor of .these columns, wishes
to acknowledge the receipt or tnree
books upon the law from the Bancroft-
Whitney Company^ of this city. 'They,
ire' "The Law of Evidence," by Curtis
Ilillyer of the San Franoljco bar, and
New Trial and Appellate Practice."
n two volumes, by Thomas Carl Spell
ing. Upon the authority of a well
known lawyer of the city he can an
nounce that Hlllyer's book, which is a
companion work to the textbook of
"Jones on Evidence," may be used as
an Invaluable work of. ready reference
during trials, and that Spelling Is al
ready known through former contribu
tions to the science of the law. Beyond,
this very inadequate' note the editor
must acknowledge his utter inability
to. attempt a review. Not. even a hasty
college course In elementary jurispru
dence can come to his. rescue In this
Instance.'
The kindest, criticism which can b»
given "A Girl," by 8tantou
Wlrislow, 1b ho criticism at all.
(The Whltaker & Ray Company, San
F^-anci^co.) . 2
Leading Articles
of the Magazines
"y-HE World To- Day for February
A-. contains the must intelligible dis-
V-J cuFKion and collection of views of
the Iroquolg Theater tragedy yet
published. "Iti leading articles are
of such varied character as to be. ac
ceptable to all readers. Subjects of live
interest are treated by writers who
know how. to make facts interesting.
Among the; contents of this number
are. "the Conquest ' 6f the American
Desert,", by Day Allen Wllley.; '■■':■ "the
Architecture of the Louisiana ; Pur
chase '-Exposition,".* by Edwird " Hale
Bru^h; '"Motor Speeding: The . New
American Sport." by E. ; Ralph Estep;
"Publishing as' -a. Business Career,"by
George P. Brett, president '-of; the Mac
mtllan Company: "American Caricature
and Public Opinion.", by. Ingranv A.
ryle, and "The Divorce -Situation In
Canada.'.* by . W. S. • Ha'rwcJod.
Renders^ of Success will find much
to delight them In the February issue,
which ,a Ions list ht articles
of unusual Interest: > The-cover, by F.
B. Masters, is exceptionally attractive.
It represents Sir Henry Irving and Miss
Ellen Terry .In the scene from "the
Merchant of Venice" where Portia
pleads*, with Shylock to show mercy,
that mercy which "droppeth as the gen
tle rain from heaven." The -costumes
which-have lent so much to the charm
of the Irving-Terry performances of
thi6 great, Sha-kespearean . drama have
been faithfully reproduced by Mr- Mas
ters.- Sume Interesting facts regarding
Sir, Henry Jrvlngr are : given by Roger
Galeshore In an article entitled "Henfy
Irvins's Fight for Fame" and' an *b!e
article on "The Higher Influence. 'of the
Drama" is contributed by E. H. Soth
ern. Tfie leading article, frpin. tfie
masterly ben v of Pavid Graham Phil
lips, tells "How Wall Street Makes
Something Out c-f Nothing." and throws
some Interesting side ' lights on that
great money mart. In a symposium
on Llhcohi, Alexander K. McClurt,
William' t. Harris, E. BeiaJainih An
drews, . Charles F. .; Thwlng, Henry
Mitchell MacCracken, Henry, . Clews
and William O. Stoddard express their
views oh what effect a college. educa
tion would have had 'upoir the life and
character, of the great Commoner.
_ The February Everybody's has .an
other first-clasa "scoop" r -nothlng less
than a ; statement of what thV^Demo
cratic party now stands for, by the new
leader of the Democracy in the House,
Congressman John Sharp Williams.
There could be no more valuable . con
tribution to .the approaching Presiden
tial controversy than, this definite
avowal of principles ; by ' the-, distin
guished leader, whole clever work' in
Congress has attracted so much atten
tion. Another competent feature U
Emory R. Johnson's explanation : of
"What' the Panama Canal Will Do for
the Country." The author is a member
of the Isthmian Canal Commission, who
devoted hla attention to collecting the
statistics which should demonstrate the
economical value of the great water
way,! #nd ■ he Vis ; the chief f expert in
America on his subject. " . ' ■ •
Events move so fast In these days
that It Is as much as the dally press
- can do to keep up with the procession.
•For a monthly to do so Is much more
difficult. And yet the Booklovers' Mag
azine for February has contrived to
keep Itself well abreast of current
events. Its leading articles are not only
timely, but are of more than passing
Importance. Such especially are Tal
cott Williams* article on Mr. Chamber
lain's fiscal policy as it will affect Eu
rope and America, Frank H. Taylor's
account of the Panama canal purchase
and Gustav Kobbe's story of Wagner
and his art. These last two articles are
fully Illustrated. The art features for
February are In themselves unique:
they also touch on some newer phases
of artistic work hitherto but little ex
ploited in modern magazines. C. Tar
nall Abbott explains In an apprecia
tive way and with the aid of a dozen
striking pictures the alms and methods
of the new school of photographic por
traiture that Is revolutionizing a hith
erto somewhat discredited art.
"Country Life In. America for
February Is a large and superb number
•f this beautiful magazine. The lead-
Ing articles and ample Illustrations
having to do with such subjects as
"The First Principles of Horseback
Riding," showing the delights of
places and pleasures of "correct" rid
ing; "Country . Homes of Famous
Americans." the fourth article, a story
of David Henry Thoreau's home
•building at Walden; "Making a Living
from the Land" by growing roses un
der glass, a vitally Interesting article
by. L. H. Bailey; and ,'The Indomi
table Automobile," a remarkably il
lustrated account of a stormy endur
ance run through New York State
where trains and horses failed. Many
practical subjects and suggestions
touch upon all sides of work and
pleasure out-of-doors. "How 'I Be
came a Ranchman in California" Is
the story of a "great estate of two
thousand acres that grows twenty
different fruits the year round; venti
lating, heating In cheap, movable
houses are dealt with in several Illus
trated articles under the head of "New
Ideas in Ppultry-House Construction";
while "Home-Grown Grapes In Win
ter' 1 Is to show how anybody can have
the large varieties with very small ex
pense. V*-,.-:
The February number of the Bur
lington Magazine appears, bearing
the imprint of the Macmillan Compa
ny, and henceforth the periodical will
be published in America by that firm.
A special notice Intimates that slnc«
the recent change of ownership there
hpa hot. been time to make the minor
alterations which have been promised,
but these may be expected before very.
-long,; and In the meantime a .couple
of .pages- of editorial comment Indi
cate more progressive . course
which "the. management is going to
pursue. Scholarly essays on the old
masters will ndt.be abandoned; In fact
all the familiar features will be con
tinued; but while detailed criticism
of exhibitions of work- by living artists
is not to be looked , for in the Bur
lington Magazine, abundant attention
will be given to .the broad tendencies
of modern art. and to all such arttstio
questions of our own time as concern
a really wide public.
Scribner's^Magaxlne for February be
gins one of thos'e series which from the
days of the Thackeray Letters to the
Waddington Letters have been charac
teristic of this magazine. Mrs. George
Bancroft's Letters from England are a
worthy successor to these notable liter
ary achievements. Mrs. Bancroft was
a brilliant woman, bort^ In Plymouth,
Mass.. and all her life associated with
people of distinction. As a young girl
she was a great friend. of Emerson and
.his wife, .and- of many, of . the Brook
Farm 'people. She married I George
Bancroft, the historian, in. 1S3S and
when he was sent to England as Min
ister in 1846 she wrote these letters,
principally In. diary <■ form.- to her chil
dren. The Bancrofts knew all the emi
nent people in politics, society and lit
erature. It was the age of Samuel
Rogers, Macaulay, Lord and Lady Hol
'■ land, and '■ Palmerston.
- Robert ' Grant's aerial. "The • Under
current," rapidly reaches ' the crisis In
the life of the heroine. In this Install,
ment she is deserted by her husband,
and thrown upon her own resources.
Captain Mahan's distinguished nar
rative of the war of 1812 analyzes the
unpopularity of the war In sections of
the United States, and defends the
American Invasion of Canada as a mili
tary necessity.
The February Delineator Is a maga-,
zine of uncommon interest and value.
Its stories, articles and pictures are ex
cellent, and the review of the fashions.
Including a letter from Mr?. Osborn.
thorough and enlightening. In fiction
there is a mystical tale entitled "The
Silver Boat." by AlbeTt BUelow Paine;
a strong love story from the Pacific by
Fdijah Proctor Clarke. "The Wooing of
Tla"; and a delightful middle-aged ro
mance by L. M. Montpomery;* also a
chapter of. the ••Evolution of a Club
Woman." the much discussed serial by
Agnes Surbridge. The home life of
Calve, the most Interesting personality
among the favorites of the opera, is de
scribed In a remarkably illustrated ar
ticle by Percy Mitchell. '
Notable x amnng the February Cen
tury's Illustrations Is a full-page por
trait of General Washington, the copy
of an original painting now for the
first time introduced to the notice of
th* general public. The portrait was
mad? from life by Dr. Eliahn Cull*n
Pick -of -Alexandria. Va.. In 1797. and
The Century's representation 13 taken
fr^m sir excellent photograph of the
original made ty G*>ta at Baltimore,
In size the portrait is about 14xl«
Inches: It Is In an excellent state of
pr<w»rvntlon. the colors being still/
fresh and hright. and is surrounded
by a beveled gilt frame about two
inches wide, which" shows the marks
«f age and is believed to be the orig
inal one in which the picture was
placed.
The February number of The Smart
Sot opens with a striking novelette,
"The Wanderers," by Gertrude Lynch
—a story with a wholly new theme, aa
strong as It Is Interesting. The dra
matic Incidents which follow a man
who has kidnaped his own child, after
a stormy quarrel with the wife who
has Just divorced him, are stirring in
the extreme, and the story is written
with that literary distinction which al
ways characterizes Miss Lynch's work.
It Is a memorable novelette.
Alnslee's for February offers an es
pecially attractive table of contents.
The novelette is by Elizabeth Duer.
who contributed that for the Christ
mas number. Her new story, "A
Natural Divorce." Is a decided im
provement on the former. Though Its
action Is laid in the same surround
ings, there l» more of the drmmatia
element, the characters are more
sharply drawn and the plot la better
balanced. James H. Gannon Jr. be
gins In this number the first of a se
ries of "Stories of the Street," entitled
"The Control, of the St. Louis South
ern." It Is dpne by one who Is thor
oughly familiar with the subject and
Is as good as Lefevre's bea). which i»
saying the most that can be said. Dor
othy Dlx has another of her delightful
little talks with women — "Choosing *>
Husband" — full of the sort of advic*
that, in these days, most women
should take to heart. A particularly
charming little story is Cosmo Hamil
ton's "In Regard to Optimism.** It la
a story ef French peasant life. la.
which there seems to be such an in
exhaustible fund of the "teuch sf
nature that makes the whole
world kin."
NeivBooksl^eceived
MRS. M'LERIE, J. J. Bell; the Ot»-
tury Company. New York; price U.
THE CLOSE OF THE DAT. Fran*
H. Spearman; D. Appleton & Ca» N»w
York; 'price $1 K.
STEPS. IN THE EXPANSION O»
QUR TERRITORY. Oscar P. ansttnt
D.- Appleton & Co.. New York) lQns
trated by maps; price II 15.
THE DYNASTS, Thomas Hxrdjri tba
Macmillan Company, New York.
THE STORY OF EXTINCT CIVILI
ZATIONS OF THE WBBT. Robert Aa
derson; D. Appleton A Co., New YerkJ
price 35 cents.
WASHINGTON CORJRXSPOK1>-
ENTS, Ralph M. McXeaila; publish**
by Newspaperdom. New Yorkj Cfcut
trated.
THE METRIC jrALLACT, Basuiel ■»
Dale; D. Van Nostrand Cemsany, Xrw
York; price $1.
ERA OF CALlFOaXLifl POSSI
BILITIES. Samuel N. Ooldy; ifulr»oa
& Wright. San Jose; Illustrated; prloe
Jl. ■
OUTLINES OF ORBXX HISTORY..
William C. Morey; American Book
Company. New York: illustrated.
AS YOU LIKE IT, edited by W. J.
Rolfe; revised for school use; American
Book Company, New York; illustrated.
MERCHANT OF VENICE. Gateway
series, edited by Felix E. Schelling;
American Book Company, New York.
MACAULAY'S ESSAY ON MILTON.
Gateway series, edited by Edward L.
Gulick; American Book Company. New
York.
POETS OF THE SOUTH. F. V. N.
Painter; American Book Company.
New York.
AN EASY FIRST FRENCH READ
ER. L. C. Syms; American Book Com
pany. New York.
LE BOURGEOIS GENTILHOMMB.
Moliere. notes by P. A. Roi and W.
B. Gultteau; American Book Company,
New York.
LES TROIS MOUSQUET AIRES. Du
mas, notes by C Fontaine; American
Book Company, New York.
DER TROMPETER VON SAKKIN
GEN. Scheffel. notes by Valentin
Buehner; American Book Company,
New • York.
• NEW TRIAL AND APPELLATE
PRACTICE, two volumes, Thomas C
Spelling; Bancroft-Whitney Company.
San Francisco.
THE LAW OF EVIDENCE. Curtis
Hillyer; Bancroft- Whitney Company.
San Francisco.
COPYRIGHT, from Cyclopedal of
Law and Procedure, edited by Ea
mund Wetmore.
MLLE. DE LA SEIGLIERE, San
deau. notes by Elizabeth M. White;
American Book Company. New York.
."BEGINNERS* FRENCH, Victor E.
Francois; American Book Company.
New>.York.
PARTI R A TIEMPO. Larra. notes
by Edwin B. Nichols; American Book
Company. New York.
UNDINE. Fouque. notes by J. Henry
Senger; American Eook Company. New
Yor*
78
rcopyright. by Jack London.)
— — — — g^ WOLFISH head.
Vj^y i> i »j| Tvisiful-ey^d and
ffcsg f\r^g\ frost-rimmed, thrust
JOfrJ^^yVjSy asid<* the t«»nt flaps.
WjffciFKvfi wash! Chook, you
limb of Satan!" cho
*——'«-'■■ ■ ruscd the j.>rotes;in$»
inmates.
Battles rapped the dog sharply with
a tin plate and it withdrew hastily.
Louis Savoy refastened the flaps,
ktrkM a frying pan over against the
bottom and warmed his hands. It
*as very cold without. Forty-eight
hours before the 8ui»'it thermometer
had burst at sixty-eight below and
since that time it had crown steadily
and bitterly colder.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" A young fellow.
lying asleep in the furs, bearded and
wan and weary, raised a moan of
pain, and without v.-akir.g increased
the pit< h and intensity of his anguish.
His body half lifted from the blankets
end quivered and shrank spasmodic
ally, as though drawing away from a
bed of nettles.
"Roll'm T over!" ordered Bett!es.
"He's crampinV
"Damn that trail!" he muttered
softly, as he threw off the robes and
eat up. "I've run across country,
played quarter three seasons hand
running and hardened myself in all
manner of ways, and then I . pilgrim.
Into this God-forsaken land and find
myself an effeminate Athenian with
out the simplest- rudiments of man
hood!" I^g. hunched up to the fire
and rolled"*i cigarette. "Oh. I'm not
m-hining, but I'm just decently asham
ed of myself, that's all. Here I am,
on top of a dirty thirty miles, as
knocked up and stiff and sore as a
pink tea degenerate after a five-mile
walk on a country turnpike."
"Don't git the tantrums, youngster,"
Bettles waxed patriarchal. "Ye've
gotter 'low some for the breakin'-in.
You're all right for a cub, and ye've
the true sperriL An' best In your fa
vor, you hain't that streak of fat
tn your make-up which has sent many
a husky man to the bosom of Abraham
afore his right and proper time."
"Streak of fat?"
"Yep. Comes along of bulk. 'Tain't
the big men as Is the best when it
comes to the trail."
"Never heard of it."
"Never heerd of it, eh? Well, it's a
dead straight, open-an'-shut fact, an*
Bo gittin' round. Bulk's all well enough
for a mighty big effort, but 'thout stay-
Ing powers it ain't worth a continental
whoop; an* stayin' powers an' bulk
ain't runnin' mates. Takes the small,
wiry fellows when it comes to gittin'
right down an* hangin* on like a lean-
Jowled dog to a 'bone."
"Look you. brothers," broke In Sitka
Charley from his seat on the grub box.
"Ye have spoken of the streak of fat
that runs in big men's muscles, and ye
have spoken women and the love, and
ye have spoken fair; but I have in
mind things which happened when the
land was young and the fires of men
far apart as the stars. It was then I
had concern with a big man, and a
streak of fat. and a woman. And the
woman was small; but her heart was
greater than the beef heart of the
man, and she had grit. And we travel
ed a weary trail, even to the salt wa
ter, and the cold was bitter, the snow
deep, the hunger great. And the
woman's love was a mighty love — no
more can man say than this.
"Brothers, my blood Is red with Si
wash, but my heart Is white. A great
truth came to me when I was vet a
boy. I learned that to your kind and
you was given the earth: that the Si
wash could not withstand you and, like
the caribou and the bear, must perish
in the cold. So I came into the warm
and sat among you, by your fires, and.
behold! I became one of you. I have
seen much In my time. I have known
strange things, and bucked big. on big
trails, with men of many breeds. And
because of these things I measure
deeds after your manner, and judge
men. and think thoughts. Wherefore,
when I speak harshly of one of your
own kind I know you will not take it
amiss; and when I speak high of one
of rr.y father's people you will not take
it upon you to say: 'Sitka Charley is
Biwash, and there is a crooked light
In his eyes and tmall honor to his
tongue.' Is it not bo?"
Deep down in throat the circle vouch
safed its assent.
"The woman was Passuk. I got her
in fair trade from her people, who were
of the coast and whose Ohilcat totem
stood at the head of a salt arm erf the
sea. My heart did. not go out to the
woman, nor did I take ptock of her
looks. For she scarce took her eyes
from the ground, and she was timid
and afraid, as pirls will be when cast
Into a et- .neer's arms whom they ha- »
never p*»*>ji befcrre. One blanket would
cover the twain; ko I chose Passuk.
"Have I not said I was a servant to
the Government? So I was taken on a
warship, sleds and dogs and evaporated
foods, and with me came Passuk. And
we went north to the winter ice rim of
Bering Sea, where we were landed—my
self and Passuk and the dogs. I was
also given moneys of the Government,
for I was its servant, and charts of
lands which the eyes of man had never
dwelt upon, and messages. These mes
sages were sealed and protected shrewd
ly from the weather, and I was to de
liver them to the whale ships of the
Arctic, icebound by the great Macken-
ZIP.
"Afterward, in the spring, when the
days lengthened and there was a crust
to the snow, we came south, Passuk
and I, to the country of the Yukon. A
weary journey, but the sun pointed out
the way of our feet. It was a naked
land then, as 1 have said, and we
worked ur> the current with pole and
paddle till we came to Forty-mile Good
it was to see white faces once again,
so we put in to the bank. And that
winter was a hard winter. The dark
ness and the cold drew down upon us,
and wiih them the famine. To each
man the agent gave forty pounds of
flour and twenty of bacon.
"Then came v- together In the store
one night, and the empty shelves made
u? feel our own emptiness the more.
We talked low. by the light of the fire,
for the candles had been set aside for
those who might yet gasp in the
spring. Discussion was heid, and it
was said that a man must go forth
to the Salt Water and tell to the
world our misery. At this all eye*
turned to me, for it was understood
that I was a great traveler. "It Is 700
r. :?s,' said I, 'to Haines Mission by
th« sea, and every in.h of it snowshoe
work. Give me the pi of your dogs
and the best of your grub and I will
go. And with rr si 11 go Pasauk.'
•"To this they were agreed. But there
arose one. Long Jeff, a Yankee man,
big-boned and big muscled. Also hia
talk was big. He, too, was a mighty
traveler, he said, born to the snowehoe
and brought up- on buffalo milk. He
would go with me, in case I fell by the
trail, that he might carry the word on to
the Mission. How was I to know that
big talk betokened the streak of fat. or
that Yankee men who did great things
kept their teeth together? So we took
the pick of the dogs and the best of the
grub Rnd struck the trail, we three—
Passuk. Long Jeff and I.
"I will talk little of the toll, save
that on some days we made ten miles,
and on others thirty, but more often
ten. And the best of. the grub was not
good, while we went on stint from the
start.- Likewise the pick of the dogs
was poor, and we were hard put to
keep them on their legs. At the White
River our three sleds became two sleds,
and we had onlr come 200 miles. But
we lost nothing. The dogs that left the
traces went into the bellies' of those
that remained, 'v..
"Not a greeting, not a curl of smoke,
till we made the Pelly. Illere I had
counted on grub; and here I cqunted
on leaving Long Jeff, who was whining
and trail sore. But the factor's lungs
were wheezing, his eyes bright, his
cache nigh empty; and he showed us
the empty cache of the missionary, also
his grave with the rocks piled high to
keep off the dogs. There was a bunch
of Indians there, but babies and old
men there were none, and it was clear
that few would see the soring.
"So we pulled on light-stomached
and heavy-hearted, with half a. thous
and miles of snow and silence between
us and Haines Mission by the sea. The
darknc— was at its worst,. and at mid
day the sun could not c"..«ar the sky
line to the south.. But the ' Ice jams
were smaller, the going better; so I
pushed the dogs hard and traveled late
and early.
"As I said at Forty-mile, every inch
of it was snowshoe -work. And the
shoes made great sores on our feet,
which cracked and scabbed but' would
not heal. And every day those sores
grew more grievous, till in the morn
ing when we girded on our shoes
Long Jeff cried like a child. I put
him at the fore of the sled to break
trail, but he slipped off the shoes for
comfort. Because of this the trail
was not packed, his moccasins made
great holes, and into these holes the
dogs wallowed. The bones of the dogs
were ready to burst through their
hides, and this was not good for them.
So I spoke hard words to the man, and
he promised, and broke his word.
Then I beat him with the dog-whip,
and after that the dogs wallowed no
more. He was a child, what of the
pain and the streak of fat. vv.
"But Passuk? While the man lay
by the fire and wept she cooked, and
in the morning helped lash the sleds
and in the evening to : unlash them.
And she saved the dogs. Ever ■ was
she to the fore, lifting the webbed
shoes and making the way easy.
•'Passuk — how shall I say? — I took
it for granted that she should do
these things, and thought no more
GRIT OF WOMEN
about It For my mind was busy
with other matters, and besides I was
young in years and knew little
of woman. It wu only on looking
back that I came to understand.
"And the man became worthless. The
dogs had little strength In them, but he
stole rides on the sled when he lagged
behind. Passuk said she would take
the one sled, so the. man had nothing
to do. In the morning I gave him his
fair share of grub and started him on
the trail alone. Then the woman and
I broke camp, packed the sleds .and
harnessed the dogs. By. midday, when
the sun mocked us, we would overtake
the man, with the tears frozen. on his
cheeks, and pass him. In the night we
made camp, set aside his fair share of
grub and spread his furs. Also we
mad* a big fire that he might see. And
hours afterward he would: come limp
ing in and eat his grub with moans and
groans, and' sleep. He was not sick,
this man. He was only trail-sore and
tired, and weak with hunger. But Pas
suk and I were trail-sore and tired and
weak with hunger, and we did all the
work and he did none. But he had the
etrenk of fat of which our brother Bet
tleshas spoken. Further, we gave the
man always his fair share of grub.
"Then one day we met two ghosts
Journeying" through the Silence. They
were a man and a boy, and they were
white. The ice had opened on Lake Le
Barge, and through it had gone their
main outfit.. One blanket each carried
about his shoulders. At night they
built a, fire and crouched over it till
morning. They had a little flour. This
they stirred in warm water and drank.
The man showed me eight cups of
flour— all they had— and Pelly,. stricken
with famine, • 200 miles . away. - .They
said, also, that there was an Indian
behind; that they . had whacked;, fair,
but that he. could, not' keep up. I did
not believe they had. whacked fair, .else
would the Indian' have kept up. But I
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
could give them no grub. They strov*
to steal a dog— the. fattest, *hich was
very thin— but I shoved my pistol in
their faces and told them begone. And
they went away, like drunken men,
through, the silence toward Pelly. > : ;
"I had three dogs now, and one sled,
and the dogs were only bones and hair.
When there Is little wood the fire burns
low and the cabin grows cold. So with
us. ; With little grub the. frost bites
sharp and our faces were black and
frozen till our own' mothers would not
have known us. And our feet were
very sore. In the morning when I hit
the trail I sweated*to, keep down the
cry when .the pain" of the- snowshoes
smote me. Passuk j never opened her
lips, but stepped .to the fore to break
the way. The man howled.
"The Thirty-mile was swift and the
current ate away the ice from beneath-,'
and there were many airholes and
cracks and much open water. One day
we came upon the man.L resting, for he
had gone ahead, as was his wont, in .
the morning. But. between us was open
water. This he had passed around by
taking to the f lni ice, where it. was too
narrow for a sled. So we found an ice
bridge. Passuk- weighed little and went
first, with a long pole crosswise In her
hands in chance she broke through.
But she was light and her shoes large,
and she passed; over. Then she called
the dogs. But they had neither poles
nor shoes and they broke through and
were swept upder by the water. I held
tight to the sled from behind till the
traces .broke and the dogs went on
down under the ice." There was little
meat to them,*, but I had . counted on
them for a. week's grub, and they were
gone. i ■•' . • ...
"The next morning I divided all th%
grub, which was little, into three por
tions. And I told Long Jeff " that he
could keep up with us or not, as he saw
fit, for we were going ' to travel light
and fast. 'Blithe raised his: voice and
cried over his safe feet and his troubles
and said harsh things against comrade
ship. ■ .ys>"'" ■"■■■■< \
"Paesuk's feet were sore, and my feet
were sore — aye, sorer than his, for we
had worked with, the dogs; also, we
looked to see. Long Jeff swore he
would die. before he hit the trail again;
so Passuk took a fur robe and I a cook
ing pot and an ax and we made ready
to go.', . ; ,;'Ps-v^ ! Vl
"But she looked on the man's portion
and said: 'It is wrong to waste good
food on a baby. He is better dead.' I
shook my head .and said no — that a
comrade once was a comrade always.
"Then rhe spoke of the men of Forty
mile; that they were many men and
good, and that they looked tp me for
giub in the. spring. But when I' still
said no, she snatched the pistol from
mybelt quick, and, as our brother Bet
ties has spoken, Long Jeff went to the
bosom of Abraham before ,his time. I
chlded Passuk for this; but she showed
ho sorrow, nor was she sorrowful. And
in my heart I knew she was right.
"And day by day we passed in the
snow the sleeping, places of the two
ghosts— Passuk and I— 8-1 we knew we
would be glad for such ere I we made
salt water.- Then we came to the In
dian, like another ghost, with his face
set toward Pelly. They had not
whacked up fair, the man and the boy,
he said, and he had had no flour for
three days. Each night he boiled pieces
of his moccasins In a cup and ate them.
He did not have much moccasins left.
And he was a coast Incian, and told
us these things through Passuk. whj
talked his tongue. He was 'a stranger
in the Yukon, and he knew, not. the way,'
but. his; face was set to Pelly. How far
was it? Two sleeps? Ten? A hun
dred? - He did not know," but he was
going to Pelly. 1 It was too far to turn
back;, he. couid, only keep on.
"He did not ask "for grub, for. hie
could see we, too, were hard put. Pas-
suk looked at the man and at me, as
though she were of two minds, like a
mother partridge whose young are in
trouble. So I turned to her and said:
'This man has been dealt unfair. Shall
I give him of our grub a portion?'
"I saw her eyes light, as with quick
pleasure; but she looked long at the
man and at me, and her mouth drew
close and hard, and she said: 'No. The
Salt Water is afar off, and Death lies
In wait. Better It is that he take this
stranger man and let my man Charley
pass.' So the man went away in si
lence toward Pelly. .That night she
wept. Never had I seen her weep be
fore. Nor was It the smoke of the
fire, for the wood Was dry wood.
"We spoke little. Passuk and I. In
the days which came. In the night
we lay In the snow like dead people,
and in the morning we went on our
way, walking like dead people. And
all things were dead. There were no
ptarmigan, no squirrels, no snowshoe
rabbits — nothing. The river made no
sound beneath its white robes. The
sap was frozen in the forest. And it
became cold, as now; and in the night
the stars drew near and large, and
leaped and danced; and in the day the
sundogs mocked us till we saw many
suns, and all the air flashed and
sparkled, and the snow was diamond
dust. And there was no heat, no
sound, only the bitter cold and the
silence.
"As I say, we walked like dead peo
ple, as in a dream, and we kept no
count ; of time. . Only our faces were
set to salt water, our souls strained
for salt water and our feet carried us
toward salt water.
"Our last grub went, and we had
shared fair, Passuk and I, but she fell
more often,* and at Caribou Crossing
her strength left her. And in the morn
ing we lay beneath one robe and did
not take the trail. It was in my mind
to stay there and meet death hand-to
hand with Passuk: tor I had grown
old, and had learned the love of woman.
Also It was eighty miles to Halnes Mis
■lon. and the great Chllcoot, far above
the timber line, reared his storm-swept
head between. But Passuk spoke to
me, low, with my ear against her lips
that I might hear. And now. because
■be need not fear my anger, she spoke
her heart, and told me of her love, and
of many things which X did not under
stand. . .-- •
, "And she said: "You are my man,
Charley, and I have been a nood woman
to ypu. And in all the days I have
made your fire, and cooked your food,
and fed your dogs, and lifted paddle or
broken trail, I ha*ve not complained.
■Nor did I say that there was more
warmth, in the lodge of my father, or
'that.'tn'exn was roote/grub on the Chll
ca£.'- When you have spoken, I have
listened. When yojr have ordered. I
have obeyed. bJfctm so, Charley?*
"And I said; 'Ay.e'.'ii Js so.'
"And she said: JTghen first you came
to the Chllcat, no^ looked upon me.
but bought me as* man buys a dog.
and took me away, my heart was hard
against you and filled with bitterness
and fear. But that was long ago. For
you were kind to me, Charley, as a
good man Is kind to his dog. Tour
heart was cold, and there was no room
for me; yet you dealt me fair and your
ways were Just. And I was with you
when you did bold deeds and led great
ventures, and I measured you against
the men of other breeds, and I saw
you stood amons them full of honor,
and your word was wise, your tongue
true. And I grew proud of you. till
it came that you filled all my heart,
and all my thought was of you. You
were as the midsummer sun. when its
golden trail runs in a circle and never
leaves the sky. And whatever way I
c*at mv eyes I beheld the sun. But
your heart wts ever cold. Charley, and
there was no room.'
"And I said: 'It is so. It was cold,
and there was no room. But that la
past. | Now my heart Is like the snow
fall in the spring, when the sun has
come back. There is a great thaw and
a bending, a sound of running waters,
and a budding and sprouting of green
things.- And there is drumming of
partridges and songs of robins, and
great music, for the winter is broken.
Passuk, and I have learned the love of
woman.' j. • V ,- . - „ ■ j .
'.'She ' smiled and moved for me te»
draw her closer.- And she said. "I am
glad.' After that she lay quiet for a
long time, breathing softly, her head
upon my breast. Then she whispered:
" 'The trait ends here, and I am tirfcd.
But first I would speak of other things.
In the long ago. when I was a girl on
the Chllcat.. I played alone among the
skin bales of my father's lodge: for the
men: were away on the hunt, and the
wonjen and, boys were dragging in th»
meat. It was in the spring, and I was
alone. A great brown bear. Just awake
from his winter's sleep, hungry, his fur
hanging to the bones in flaps of lean
ness, shoved his head within the lodge
and said "Ooof!" My brother came run
ning back with the first sled of meat.
And he fought the bear with burning
sticks from the fire, and the dogs in
their harnesses, with the sled behind
them, fell upon the bear. There was a
great battle and much noise. They
rolled in the fire, the skin bales were
scattered.' the lodge overthrown. But
In the end the bear lay dead, with the
fingers of my brother in his mouth and
the marks of his claws upon my broth
er'? '-.ice. Did you mark t!ie Indian
by the jjafiy trail, his mitten whlcL had
no thumb, his hand ] which he warmed
by oirure?- He was my brother. And
I said he should have no grub. And he
wenf away in the Silence without grub.
••This, my brothers, was the love of
Passuk, who died in the snow, by th»
Caribou' ' Crossing. It was a mighty
love, for she denied her brother for the
man who led her away on weary trails
to a bitter end. And, further, such
was this woman's love, she denied her
self. Ere her eyes closeQ for the last
time she took my hand and slipped It
under her squirrel-skin parka to her
waist. I felt there a well-filled pouch,
and learned the secret of her lost
strength. Day by day we had shared
fair, to the last least bit; and day by
day but half her share had she eaten.
"And she said: This Is the end of the
trail for Passuk; but your trail, Char
ley, leads on and on. over the great
Chllcoot, down to Haines Mission and
the sea. And it leads on and on, by the
light of many suns, over unknown
lands and strange waters, and It is full
of years and honors and great glories.
It leads you to the lodges of many
women, and good women, but It will
never lead you to a greater love than
the love of Passuk.'
"And I knew the woman spoke true.
But a madness came upon me and I
threw the well- filled pouch from me
and swore that my trail had reached
an end till her tired eyes grew soft
with tears, and she said: 'Among men
has Sltka Charley walked In honor
and ever has his word been true. Does
he forget that honor now and talk vain
words by the Caribou Crossing? Does
he remember no more the men of Forty
mile, who gave him of their grub the
best, of their dogs the pick?'
"And when she grew cold In my
arms I arose and sought out the well
filled pouch and girt on my snowshoees
and staggered along the trail, for there
was a weakness in my knees, and mV
head was dizzy, and In my ears theie
was a roaring and a flashing of rt a
upon my eyes.
"And In this wise, like a ma i
bereft of reason, who sees strange vis -
ions and whose thoughts are light wit i
wine, I came tw Haines Mission by U a
sea."
Sitka Charley threw back the ten ;
flaps. It was midday. To the sout x.
Just clearing the bleak Hendersi n
Divide, poised the cold disked sun. ( n
either hand the sundogs blazed. T \«
air was a gossamer of glittering frost.
In the foreground, beside the traflj a
wolf dog, bristling with frost, thrtst
a Ions snout heavenward and mourned.no_text10
OF all furnishings Louis XV and
Louis XVI are by far the roost
elaborate, the most costly and
the daintiest and Just at pres-
ent thej^appear to be the most
popular. And small wonder. There is
nothing fantastic or grotesque about
it. for under Louis XIV all the queer
end the grotesque were eliminated and
only the beautiful that was really
beautiful was left.
In those days famous men were born,
and. what is more to the point, their
great work was recognized under the
liberal French policy and the decora
tive art was boomed to such an ex
tent that St has lasted through all the
Intervening years and is Just as strong
Ur-day as it was then.
Everything was elaborate, exquisite
ly dainty and costly, for the history
cf Louis XV was a history of luxury.
and the prodigality of his people was
reflected Jn the character of the fur
,'niture, dress and decorations. All were
of the most extravagant and full of
jdetails known as rococo (roc et co
.Quille, rock and shell).
j The period was dominated over by
• a. woman. Mme. Pompadour, and her
love for the beautiful and the glittery*
combined with her willful extrava
gance, rave rise to a certain form of
upholstery known as the Pompadour
work. She was ever looking for some
thing: new and novel, and after ehe bad
conquered a kingdom and ruled the
people as she pleased she sighed for
smaller worlds to dictate to. The elab
orate and rar« carvings in her apart
ments tired her. eo phe promptly bad
the beautiful examples of designs in
woodwork and frescoing covered with
a tufted, soft, yielding fabric, and for
a time the fad was taken up and car
ried to all manner of extremes and
the mo«?t exquisitely carved furniture
x>a.s hidden under beautiful fabrics, to
be sure, but nothing: that could com
pare favorably with the exquisite hand
work.
Yet, on the other hand, her first
effort to make great; masses of gilt
stand out like nuggets of gold and
dazzle the eye resulted In the rococo
work, and Its main object seemed to
be to make the glitter project like
rocks, and before very long the thing
was so much overdone that even to
speak of it suggested the vulgar and
the love of great display.
It vr&s a
of ostentation. The Countess du Bar
ry tried in every way to outshine her
predecessor, and it is owing: to her
that the Louis XV period became
eriod clearl
MAKING OVER OLD SHIRT WAISTS
Those who have two old waists, or
two bits of cloth, neither one of which
Is big enough for a whole waist, can
make a nice, new pretty waist by util
izing both pieces of cloth.
Suppose the waist proper be made of
dark brown cashmere or of dark brown
*ilk flannel. Then let the yoke be made
of tan colored flannel and let the sleeve
epaulettes be made of the same stuff.
This affords sharp contrast. The cuffs
are lined wjth the contrasting color,
and, of course, the stock is made of it.
Waists are of green flannel, with a
pale coffee colored yoke, and all over
the yoke there are French knots of
green.
Another waist la made of navy blue
doth, while the yoke Is in a warm tan.
Navy blue knots and light blue knots
dot this yoke and make it pretty. The
idea is to secure a contrast and the
very prettiest effects are obtained. The
best waists are made from a very soft
and very fine silk flannel which comes
In every known shade. This makes up
well and, if due attention be paid to the
yoke and its trimming*, the waist Is as
sured of a place in good society.
The woman who likes to pipe can get
busy, for there will be a great deal of
piping upon the dark blouses of spring.
Park cloth is piped with bright silk and
thus the blouse ii lifted from somber
cess into prettlness.
One such blouse which was In a navy
blue corded silk and was piped with red
plaid taffeta while the stock and cuffs
were trimmed with half a dozen piplnxs
of the plain silk. There was a wide
crush belt of red leather to match the
reddest color in the silk.
Pipings of very gay blue are used
upon gowns of deep red, and pipings of
deep red are very conspicuous upon
waists that are made of green, of brown
and of black. Every 'effort Is exerted
to get a broad contrast and the waists
of spring will be noticeable for. the fact
that there are several colors In them.
They do not savor of monotony.
White linen waists will be trimmed
with one band of Persian embroidery
running down the front The stock and
cuffs will repeat the embroidery, which
will be about three inches widi-. Again
there will be white canvas waists trim*
rned with wide bands of Oriental silk
stiffened and adjusted upon the front
of the waist to be removed on wash
day. -iv^W'
Women who can do handwork are
buying heavy white canvas ard work
ing a panel for the front of the waist
in cross stitch. This panel may be In
a Grecian pattern, conventional and
carried out in all colors, but It should
be done In a very neat cross stitch em
broidery in such a way that the whole
of the linen Is covered. In this manner
the Oriental effect Is produced..
But don't. In the scheme of the sum
mer Eblrt waist, forget the fringes and
the tassels of summer, for these will be
as popular as they ever were In the
1820 days.
"It keeps dressmakers awake nights
keeping track of all the new sleeves,
but It la pretty business and we like it,"
and the modiste picked up a pair of
sleeves which looked suspiciously. like
lamp shades and proceeded to sew them
Into the armhole of a pale blue Jawn.
Answers to Correspondents.
Fanny.— Wooden dumbbells are better
than Iron, which chill the blood. -You
need them of about five . or six » pounds
weight each. Make all motions slowly,
but use some force. Yes, walking is good
for many ills— for sleeplessness and dys
pepsia particularly. As to the complexion,
a brisk walk of two miles, or bo d»lty
will plant roses In your, qheeks. ! (
Ellen L.— An excellent shampoo is com
posed of the yolk of one . egg, : rosemary
spirits one ounce and rosewater one pint.
Connie.— A "breath * eosmetio"; may -'< be
made by besting - together ' in '."a";, mortar
one part Iiyender flowers. and three parts
pondered sugar, with the addition of
enough rosewater to make a paste. A
conserve may dlagulte a bad breath, but
une should hut Be content with this; The
stomach Is out of order, or the teeth need
attention. Elthtr , a phytiejan or a den
tist, should be consulted.. . ,'. :f".
Mary Quite Contrary—If your nose looks
shiny or- oily add • drops of tincture of
benioin to a half pint reiewater and wash
tbe noae .with this . at. night J . ►* --•
B, M., ' Ltsbcth and- Anxious Girl— For
eyebrow* which are thin and falling mix
together a half ounce vaseline, half dram
tincture of cantharld t •, ' I drops each oil
of rosemary and oU: of /lavender. Rub a
little Into ; the eyebrows carefully every
night with a small brush- A new tooth
bruth. UMrood for the purpose. I am
pleased to hear that "Anxious Girl" has
derived benefit from theathlitlc exercises
suggested.: ' • •.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
GRIQUE ITALIAN
WALNUT
known as one of vulgar elaborations,
for there was a blase of bronae and
gold trimmings, costly handpaintingi
a nd , gorgeous coloring*. . To such ' an
extent did «he carry h«r fad that -at
the time of her execution she owed
a workman in' metals and "furniture
the sum- of.llB0i000.xand' the poor
man, instead of ever collecting his Just
dues, died in the almshouse. -
But it doean't make the least bit of
difference hoWmuch money was fool
ishly thrown away, a . great deal of
good' really was accomplished, for
when Marie Antoinette, the wife of
Louis XVI, came Into power she had
a . splendid foundation ' to work on.
AU that wti gaudy and - flashy ant
eliminated,' In«t »ad of ordering I paint-
Ings she substituted 'dainty fabrios ' In
pane) work,'- and ;: in all things she
carried - out her volley for simplicity.
Instead of glorying in the ? bras* and
gilt and: tbfviflnt old earvlnf»r^ih«
much preferred the simple lines and
resorted to white with * Uuch of silt
here and there to brighten it up. and
it is a combination of these three ruN
ing woman' that is usod at the present
time, and no 'oof could deny that | tho
result Is charming, for it is .always
fragile; simple and dtUchtfully deli
cate..' •• -*-"*^'.'v .-'*■: *'■'";. ;■",■■•'
Variety, However. Is the keynote of
the American woman's character, and
novel ideas must be -forever and
eternally creeping in to satisfy her de
mands. There doesn't, chance to be a
French King whose dictates she must
follow and as a consequence she per
mits her fancy to _ run , riot and she
does exactly as she pleases in the dec
orating and upholstering Uut. and
what she wants most are ne,w pieces
that are exclusive' a,ftd quaint.
For drawing-rooms, however, nothing
could *be' better or more suitable than
this return to the classics, simplified,
and this 1b where the walnut furniture
finds Its home."
It is not a richly, decorative furniture
and there isn't* the least' suspicion of
tortoise shell or brass about It. rather
it is delightfully plain and: to-the.un
initiated would represent a, very small
money value. In reality it costs a pretty
penny.* ;
The -, real walnut. Is a]l imported and
the amount of, carving depends upon
the Italians who do the handwork, but
in color it is always a peculiar, luster
less brown that 'looks most unfinished.
And of a truth It Is. 'Louis XIV affect
ed'natural fiowerst and employed rib
bon'and lace effects,- festoohed flowers
and hanging baskets with the rococo
details, and the .ornamentations were
generally brought in strong relief by
gold ■ or brpnie. Louis XVI simplified
nil furniture to such an extent that
there was; little carving and the legs
were usually straight and suggested
architectural columns more than-any
thing else. But in this age there is a
something that is a sort of go-between,
and the finish and carving is Just what
pleases th« fancy of the purchaser the
most.
. Instead of being ornamented -. with
scrolls, and mountings of metal and the
whole gilded with an alloy of mercury
and gold the wood is left In Its natural
state and a cane back and seat are
inserted in place of the Gobelin or
Beauvais tapestry, for there are no
more state receptions of the King, and
probably If there were the cane would
be considered quite good enough for
bin). ..--.-. ■ < : ■','
; The chairs, which are small and light,
frequently look as though a good gust
of wind would blow them away, but
they will hold the heaviest sort of
a weight and never so much as groan.
Some are made with arms on either stde
and minus aVback, and now and then
one finds them Ilk* a miniature settle,
and sometimes {hey resemble nothing
on earth quite as much as a carved
hall chair.
But there is th« quaintest kind of a
lounge that Is decidedly Frenchy. In
stead of being ' ]n one straight piece,
as they usually are. it is a combina
tion affair that may be utilized in a
number of ways. There are three dis
tinct and separate pieces all complete-
ly finished, and apparently one does not
depend upon tbe other in the slightest.
Y«t when the pieces are taken from
their respective places in the room and
fitted . together they make one of th«
moat comfortable couches one could
wish for, and make, in the bargain, a.
decidedly quaint bit of furniture.
Cabinets are a delightful bit of wal
nut. All the early curves and arches
were replaced by Marie Antoinette for
straight lines and the leys of the cabi
net taper toward tbe feet and give it
a very slender appearance. In fact,
with its oval medallions supported by
cupids and the portraits of smiling
children. It makes one of th» most
charming: acquisitions to a parlor or
reception room where a light effect is
desired. .
The finish depends . entirely upon the
color scheme employed. There* is a
bronze, a peculiar green gold, a pol
ished glittery gold, the, dull effect and
a combination of the gold and bur
nished that Is perhaps the most used
of any of the gilts. . But the pure,
straight walnut, when finished In what
is termed a "wax finish." Is by far th«
prettiest, the most serviceable and th»
richest looking of all. The wax seems
to darken the, color and the warm
brown, with perhaps a. thread of gold
outlining the carving, i* decidedly dis
tinctive and beautiful. \
Watt coverings were as great an Item
those days as they are now. More so,
in fact, for tapestry -factories were es
tablished that were the property of th»
crown and they wert kept busy turn
ing out decorations that would be suit
able for wall panels, and no room was
deemed ■ complete that was not ! cov
ered with the pictorial fabric. Louis
XIV ran to the more classical and se
rious work. Instead of the battle scenes
and 'the frivolous, pastoral sentiments
that were made famous by Watteau
and that so delighted the heart of Louis
XV. He was fond of the ladies and
nothing pleased him more than to -see
his court in fashionable attire depicted
In a romantic fashion.
Now tapestries are used, but the panel
fabrics are by far the most popular and
the most beautiful. Some of them in
a cloth of gold are very beautiful and
frequently cost more than a hundred
dollars a yard, but they are charming
as a background to set off one of th»
darker woods that contrasts strongly
with it. The satin effects in two tones
are rich looking and when the carpet
blends to a nicety nothing prettier
could be imagined than a typical
French apartment.
While rooms that are used more or
less for show are delightful In this pe
riod, bedrooms are also particularly
fetching and elaborate owing to the
fact that It was the custom of fash
ionable ladles to receive their guests in
bed. The bed itself was more than
sumptuous with bouquets of plumes or
feathers rising from the head posts.
These feathers, by the way, were of
various colors and sizes and had no
symbolism, simply decorative.
Nowadays there seems to be more or
less prejudice about the great, heavy
wooden bed and the brass bed i3 frank
ly asked for. but unless It Is beauti
fully draped the great majority of
decorators cry out against it and com
plain that its environment is not ap
propriate and that It is never in har
mony with the reat of the furnishings.
- There Is one feature of this favorite
period that is exceptionally beautiful
and that is the. draperies that were
used In such profusion: The walls,
even to the doors, were paneled, and
the window hangings were most elabo
rate.
In pictures and In ornaments there
Is an endless variety. In fact, the sup
ply is boundless and so fascinating
that it is a gigantic task to know Just
what to select. Any delicately colored
picture in a dainty gold frame shows
off well against it* costly background,
and a marble bust or vase never falls
to look Its very best when holding Its
own on one of the spindle-legged
tables that seem especially made for
that very purpose.
So. if you. Miladl, are seriously think
ing of fitting uo a new reception-room
that is to be kept always in the very
best of order and that the family is
not allowed to visit unless there is a
valid excuse in the form of a guest,
hie yourself downtown and immediate
ly investigate the Italian walnut, and,
furthermore, asked to see it waxed. If
it fails to please you but one thing can
be eald— that you are more fastidious
and more difficult to please than the
most fastidious woman that ever lived
— Madame Pompadour — of the rein
o^f his Majesty Louis XV. . ~THE KNICKERBOCKER
THERE are two new dances
coming. It is perfectly true
that they have not been
. danced to any. great extent, but
they are being religiously practiced in
the parlor and In the silt-edge dancing
•chool, and every one. even the staid,
uitfoiQcd matron, is gliding through its
mystic mazes so that they may be
strictly up to snuff when the time
finally comes.
Their names are quite as good sound
ing as the steps themselves look. The
Niagara twostep and the Knicker
bocker waltz, and both are scheduled
to be the great dances of Easter week,
in fact they are the fancy steps that
the debutantes of New York Intend
making their first after Lenten bow in.
The Knickerbocker is not onl^ as
refirrJ as the cotillon and every bit
as pretty, but it is also very graceful
and displa>s lithe, rounded figures and
dainty gowns to the best »>ossible ad
vantage, for there is ru romping
Mhataoever about it.
It is a dance that combines the alert
ness of the twostep with the delights
of the gliding waltz, and for this very
reason it is certain to be a great fa
vorite with old-fashioned dancers, for
though it has new steps . in it, it is
three quarters dtveted to the old-time
glide— the favorite waltz that one un
consciously associates with Strauss
music.
Besides this new Knickerbocker has
arother advantage. It makes a splen
did cotiKon figpx*. for it begins with a
pi and promenade down the hall, and
may be easily danced with two part
ners. As a dance it is strictly a society
one, for it is as "Mberate as the min
uet, and demands a certain amount of
time and dignity, and one steps
through its mazes without tripping on
one's long skirt, or without the least
fear of tearing one's costly laces, and
in this respect it differs from nearly al
most every other round dance of the
present day.
For a fancy dance it is splendidly
adapted, as it may be flirted through in
eld style, with the skirts lifted to the
ankles. Just as grandmother danced in
her time and generation. And if the
LOVE IN A GARDEN
(Copyright, 1904, by R. B. Shelton.)
_ _ T was a roomy, old
/(^li-i^iy*/1 ' a5^i°nod garden.
V£liHi Y^J * ts wal * ts were hor-
VXlfil>V/J dered with low
\L y Kj F \u\ hedges of box; hol
fys\ \ ytrv\ I lyhocks and four-
o'clocks bloomed in
profusion; a bed of
sweet William spiced the air, and tufts
of striped grass rustled pleasantly in
the breeze. Morning glories climbed
■lender ' lines stretched against the
high brick wall and swung agile blos
soms from their perilous perch; quanti
ties of mignonette, hobnobbed with its
nearest neighbor, the stately, unbend
ing phlox.
- In the midst of the garden was a huge
Colonial house of red brick. The house,
the garden and the high brick wall
gave one the impression of a bit of an
other century, quietly but stolidly hold
ing its own against the inroads of a
latter-day commercialism. Just beyond
the gate the trolley cars clanged, and
over the high wall were vistas of smok
ing chimneys towering heavenward.
The hum of loom and spindle seemed
strangely antagonistic when one stood
near the sweet William bed and lis
tened to the clatter.
.Some such thought had taken
possession of James Thornton as he
rlrpped through the high, white gate
that led from the street and strolled
down a box-lined path. At the very
moment Thornton unlatched the gate
Miss Janet Calvert came from beneath
a wistaria-trellis near the house and
entered the other end of the same box
lined path. They met near the bed of
mignonette. Miss Calvert bowed with
*nm*>ihine of condescending gracious
ness: Thornton removed his hat, and
hi* ratlier stern features lighted with
• * mile of genuine pleasure.
ankle be well turned and the feet pret
tily shod it is the daintiest. and- most
pleasing of all ways to go through its
steps.
Though danced to waltz time. It is
done^in very leisurely style.' the" feet
barely walking the steps. Delicately,
daintily, each" step" distinct,-* they — go
through the first three positions. Then
comes the regulation waltz position,
and through the gentle mazes round
and round they go. ■
When they have glided several times
round — for there is no strict rule to this
— they clasp hands high, face down the
room and, side by side, they slide
through the pretty semi-walking steps
of the grand promenade again. ;
In one respect this new dance Is one
thJit Is much needed. The- cotillon*
while charming, requires a skilled lead
er and long preparation to be success
ful. More than this, there must be fa
vors, and the getting up of an original
dance is really the work of one person
for several evenings. «
Another thing that Is a necessity la
NEW WINTER DANCES
a leader that knows his business and
that never loses his head, even under
the most trying circumstances. Elisha
Dyer is probably the best and most
competent leader in New York, and his
cotillon at Mrs. Astor's. danced with
Alice Roosevelt as a partner, was said
to be the triumph of all his years of
leadership, i
Miss Alice, by the way, is a very
vivacious dancer, and she is also very
clever at leading. One story is told of
her rare presence of mind and her great
ability to cover up mistakes and make
;t By T. B. Eaton
At this Juncture the little god en
tered the garden. (How he managed
his entrance is quite immaterial.) He
perched himself on a ruined sundial
and looked over the pair thoughtfully.
Young Miss Janet was good to be
hold. Generations of high-bred Cal
-erts had given her the proud poise
of her head, the beautiful modeling of
her features, the bewitching arch of
her instep and the delicate lines of her
little hands.
Thornton was young, sturdy and
broad-shouldered. The clear-cut lines
of his clean-shaven face pronounced
him an aggressive man of action.
The little god looked up and winked
covertly.
"I am glad the house went to you
at the auction, Mr. Thornton." said
Miss Calvert, with a little catch of the
breath. . . t;Yv?
"When I used to shake down horse
chestnuts in this very garden for a
little pink and white tyrant, I was
Jimmy," he said chidingly.
"Jimmy, If you wish it still, then,"
she said, with the faintest flush.
"I do," he asserted eagerly. The lit
tle god snickered and pricked up his
ears.
"You'll build a big. unsightly block
here. I suppose," she said.
"Wo," he said quietly.
She raised her brows Inquiringly. •
"The land is very valuable," she sug
gested.
"Too valuable for business purposes,"
he explained.
"Is anything more valuable than
business?" she asked with the barest
touch of irony in her voice.
"Yes," said he, "sentiment."
"Isn't sentiment rather an expensive
luxury?" she asked.
"Not in dollars and cents," he replied.
"In other ways, quite so."
"I didn't know you were a sentiment
alist," she said. . .
"I'm not," he returned shortly.
them appear as though they were real
ly intended to be so.
On this particular occasion she was
leading a party of merrymakers down
one side of the ballroom. On the op
posite her partner was leading the
gentlemen. The two were to pass each
other and wind in and out in the old
milling figure, until all were to emerge
and the line would straighten itself
out When this happened a small
wagon, filled with canary birds' in gilt
cages, was to be driven into the room
and the dancers were" to entirely sur
round the wagon and conceal the tiny
warblers. . Glancing suddenly at her
partner. Miss" Roosevelt saw that he
■was leading his dancers in the wrong
direction. Another, turn , and the" line
would be helplessly twisted. He had
forgotten his head and likewise the
figure. Instantly seizing a gay banner
that hung over her head, she tossed it
to him and led him. gently but firmly
down the hall, and the dancers, were
The little god scratched his head in
puzzled fashion.- '. *■
"You came here to-day for a -last
look at the place, I presume," he went
on.
She nodded. ■ »
"Are you angry with me for buying
It?" he asked. .
"Oh, no. It had to be somebody— but
well, of course, I'm very .fond of it."
"You thought" I'd shut you out of it,
perhaps?" he continued.
"I thought you might change it," she
said.
"Well, I shan't," he said, emphati
cally. ■
The little god was uncertain whether
he should smile or frown.
"Everything.. shall be kept Just as it
is," Thornton said.
The girl was silent:
"I want the house Just as It was."
he said. "Yes,* even to the occupants.
I want you tt> live here, again."
: She shook her head.' "It's your house
now, you' know."
"With me," he pleaded in a low,
shaken voice.
"Oh, no, no, no," she said In almost
a sob. "Don't!" as he came a step
nearer. "You are good and kind
and— — " '
He drew himself up.
"Forgive me" for being a fool," he
said coldly. "I. was idiotic enough to
think that, because you have met with
misfortune : and I with a little paltry
success, the gulf between us was
lessened. . You are still the little pink
and white tyrant, and I am still the
ragged little urchin.' I . worshiped you
from a respectful distance, then; per
haps it is better to do so now." .
He .turned on his heel and walked
down the path. B The little god on the
sundial covered his eyes with his
chubby fist.
. Miss Calvert's condescending gra
ciousness had fallen from her; the
proud poise of her head had gone, too.
"Mr' Thornton!" she called weakly.
The little cod ' suddenly uncovered
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAU1
his eyes and sat up. Thornton walked
steadily toward the gate.
"Mr. Thornton— Jimmy! Oh, Jim
x..y!" '
i Thornton turned. He saw her coming
toward him. He stared stupidly, like a
man suddenly .awakened. ,
VI— oh. I thought' it was because you
pitied , me— only. I didn't understand,"
she said, falteringly.< .,
"Janet," he said hoarsely, as he took
her In , his. arms. , .
. The little god on the sundial held
his sides and wept tears of merriment.
sv. essfully brought through the pret
tiest figrure'of the evening. -V\'\.
The duties of a.' leader are, by the
way, numerous." He is expected to in
vent figures and to rehearse them with
his partner. He must get his second
couple into perfect training to follow
his- leadership, and, . unless he . also
trains the third couple, he is apt to
come out .badly. "With these three
couples going through the intricate
parts quietly .and "easily, the other*
will learn the figures sufficiently well
to go through them without making a
series of blunders.
The Knickerbocker does not tax the
ingenuity of any one. for it is simple.
It begins with the salute'. Then comes
the grand promenade, which may be
from three to ten steps down the room.
The couple stand side by side with their
hands well lifted. That of theMady is
supported' by the 1 hand of the gentle
man. .
AT THE END
Copyright, 1904, by Richard B. Shelton.
v-..: .-■■-y HE chase had led
/iV^TBT^/ them over a new
( fTHCp turned field, down a
vkHK^ lonK 8lope where
A H if W roldenrod and asters
Jf JiBWV nodded in the Sep
y'fcf^ZzJ ' tember breeze, across
• (I an alder lined brook,
and up the'slope on the other side. As
they neared the crest" of the rise Tren
holme put his big black hunter beside
Miss Carruthers' roan.
"I imagine we'll turn back here," he
called, nodding at a six-rail fence Just
ahead. \ - .. ,
"Nonsense,", laughed the girl, "not
for that!"* • w-."'^-.^
"Look," he said, "Mrs. Calvert and
the rest are riding north to find a gate.
We'd better follow, I think."
The girl merely tossed her head and,
touching the. roan with her hunting
ci op, rode straight for the fence.
•'Great Scott!" cried Trenholme, "if
you try it. You'll—"
Miss Carruthers had reached the
fence. He heard her clear voice call,
"Ud. Dan," to the roan, and saw the
horse respond with a beautiful spring.
Up they - went, clearing the top rider
by the barest margin, but there was
soft ground on. the other side. As the
horse landed Trenholme saw him sud
denly sink to % his knees, while Miss
Carruthers was thrown over, his head
Into the rowan beyond. Trenholme put
the black over the fence and before
they- had fairly landed he Was out of
the saddle assisting Miss Carruthers to
her feet. His own horse, meantime,
recovering • beautifully from the Jump,
was thundering across the field after
the hunt. ■
"Are you hurt?" he asked anxiously.
" VNot'a bit!" she said, with a nervous
laugh. "Thank you," as he handed her
her hat and crop. "This comes of be
ing willful, doesn't it?" And to covir
her embarrassment she fell to brushing
her skirt. *
THE NIAGARA
The second figure of the dance comes
when the couple face each other in
what is termed the first position' of the
waltz'step. They waltz half way round
beginning /with the right foot, then
they stoo and waltz half way round
beginning with the left foot and mak
ing two sid.e. steps. _ .
The fourth position is in waltz time
and in waltz. clasp, with arm out
stretched. They float" off in full glide
waltz, whirling.- but not hopping. The
old-fashioned glide Is here revived in
what the leaders think will be one of
the most popular dances of the season.
The figure, is now repeated. There is
the promenade down the room side by
side; the. first position waltz step half
way round with the right* foot: then
half way round with the left foot, mak
ing two side steps. The'n the glide
waltz.
' Nothing could be. easier than this
pretty dance, and nothing could be
more effective as a parlor dance. Its
slowness and its delicacy should make
It wonderfully popular, for it has slip
ped into a niche that has been an ach
ing void for many years.
: Mr. Hinman solemnly* declares that
the Niagara two-step -promises to be
every bit as much a favorite, and that
it Is danced more orjess even now.
It Is a staid dance, and reminds one
somewhat^ of the old la mode that used
to be danced on every and all occasions.
The - couple -stand facing each other,
with the gentleman's right hand join
ing the lady's left. The gentleman steps
to the left, bringing the right foot be
hind, making a bend of the knee. Then
he steps back with the right foot and
brings the left' foot In front."
By R. B. tSHeltoi* . j
"You cleared It. anyway," he said.
"If Dan hadn't bent his ankle It wouid
have been a magnificent Jump. You
should be proud of" It."
She flashed him a look of gratitude.
"You're very generous," she said. "See!
Dan's ankle is hurt. He limps badly."
Trenholme hitched the roan's bridle
to\the fence. .
- "Let's sit under" the tree over there
and rest before we go back," he sug
gested." "' " V ,I, •."
. ,"Oh," said Miss' Carruthers, con
tritely, "I've ruined your afternoon."
Trenholme' smiled. "On the con
trary," he said,, "you've, made it."
They moved toward the tree.
"You should be in at the death, you
always are," said the girl. "I feel I've
filched a brush from you."
y "Brushes arfe of relative value," said
he. /'Sometimes I'd risk my neck to
be in at the finish. Just now I'd risk
my neck not, to- be." .
Miss Carruthers- flushed. "You're
awfully kind to conceal your disap
pointment that way," she said.
"The disappointment is a very hap
py one for me," he said. "I'm afraid
if I'd known how it would turn out
I shouldn't have had the moral cour
age to tell you net to try the fence."
They reached the oak and seated
themselves in the mottled shadow, the
girl with her back against the gnarled
trunk and Trenholme stretched com
fortably on the t ground before her.
"Listen!" he said suddenly.
From the distance the cries of the
pack came faintly; not the long, re
verberating bay of the chase, but the
short, staccato barks' and yelps in
confused chorus — the hubbub that
told of the death. <
"Got him," said Trenholme lacon
ically.
"I wonder who's the lucky man."
said Miss Carruthers.
Trenholme v laUghed easily. "Well."
;
Fifth position, with heel raised. Then
■walk three steps forward and turn to
the left on the fourth count, pointing
the right foot, which brings the coup!*
standing back to back." Now the gen
tleman steps to the right, bringing th«
left foot behind and bending the knee.
Then steps to the left and brings th«
right foot in front. Fifth position, heel
raised. Then walks three steps for
ward in line of direction and points the
left. foot. And lastly take the regular
waltz position and two-step eight bars.
There is something particularly
fetching about it and It is probably due
to the fact that there is sufficient varia
tion of movement about it to make It
exceptionally fascinating. Those who
are very fond of slow dancing can
dance the tv.o-step in what Is com
monly known as "half-time." or taking
four slow steps where eight are gen
erally taken.
The pointing of the toe gives a splen
did opportunity for a pretty, graceful
movement, and the body may be turned
almost half way round, so that tha
partners are standing back to back,
yet there must be notning strained
about the position or else one could
search the length and breadth of th«
land and not find any one position that
could be anywhere near as awkward.
When a room or hall i3 well filled
with merry folks all intent on danc
ing the same thing, nothing could b«
prettier, for all promenade at one and
the same time in the same direction
and the room is filled with whirling,
flying feet of one accord.
A decidedly new innovation and on*
seen but little on this coast as yet is
the wearing of the instep skirt for tha
evening dance. Still others "prefer th«
■kirt that just escapes the floor, full
two Inches longer than this delight
ful skirt. But as yet the great ma*
Jority still cling to the long, graceful,
clinging train. Those who wear It for
round dancing are compelled for tw»
reasons to hold It up constantly. It
is infinitely smarter, and trailing
around a ballroom endangers the Ufa
of the frock and the comfort of all
the other dancers. In other words it
Is little short of a pest and a decided
1 tiresome one at s that, for at best,
and no matter how elegant a gown
may be. It is always a tax to carry It
about when one la dancing miles.
he said, "taken all In all, I'm con
vinced that I am."
He looked intently at Miss Carruth
ers, but at that moment her attentloa
was centered on a bunch of neighbor-
Ing goldenrod. which she was Idly fil
liping with her ungloved hand. It was
some time before she raised her eyes.
"If I thought you'd give me absolu
tion. I should be tempted to make a
confession," she said. #
"I'll give you absolution now," h«
said, "therefore let the confession pro
ceed."
' "Well," she said, turning to- the gold
enrod again, "it was simply contrari
ness that made me try the fence. When
I saw it first I was rather faint-hearted.
I fully intended to follow the search
for the gate. Then, when you advised
me not to try it, I was determined to
take it."
Trenholme's eyes sparkled with
amusement, but his voice became sud
denly grave.
"And Dan and I are on the hospital
list in consequence," he said.
"You?" said the girl in surprise.
"Were you hurt? How selfish of ma
not to see it! And I've let you stay
here all this time. Wu It when you
took the fence?"
"Just after that," he said slowly,
"when I lifted you from the rowan.
It's a compound fracture of the heart."
He saw her face crimson and her
fingers tighten nervously on the hunt
ing crop.
"There's only one remedy for such
a case." he said.
The voice that answered him was a
wee, small voice.
"If— if it were — mended, would it com
pensate the loss of the brush?"
When they reached the civ ouse the
hunt was bark. /V
"Hello. Tren." called from
the stairway. "How'd you happen to
fall off? I got *he brush."
"Did you?" said Trenholme quietly.
"1 did better than that."
1112
AT HOM E VERSUS "AT HOMES"
ONE of the peculiarities of lan
puage Is the way that certain
words and phrayes have wan
dcrod from their original mean
'ing. "1 believe" is now an expression
of doubt, if used in ordinary conversa
tion apart from a theological meaning.
"Y..ur obedient eervant" will terminate
a Wter of defiance; and "awfully" is
looked upon as the natural adverb to
accompany an expression of enjoyment.
Uelief. obedience, and awe, thus convey
doubt defiance and Jollity— could Mrs.
Malaprop herself <.u;do this "fine de
rangement of epitaphs." which now
passed muster as the common coin ol
conversation? It is probably, therefore,
owing to this latent inclination *o ver
bal topsy-turviness that we nave
evolved the phrase "at home' to desig
nate a concourse of people who, includ
ing the hostess, never are so little at
home as when thus brought together.
Kven the cards of Invitation to such
functions lack the first elements of
courtesy. There is no invitation, no de
eire expressed for your company. You
ere informed that the Countess of Dash
cr Mrs. Blank will be "at home on a
certain day or evening.
A Social Farce.
You are told when you may enter her
august presence, and. if it be an after
inoon entertainment, when you must go
away. There is a firm 'take it or leave
It- flavor about these squares of paste
board (to secure which from the right
quarter how much crawling is done
2nd how many "buff, are endured
during a London season!) which is tn«
absolute antithesis of all true and cour
tC( The* vtry card seems to carry with
It an idea of sufferance and boredom,
one feels that the hostess is accom
plishing a tiresome but Inevitable
dutv. and the sooner it is over the bet
-ter'she will be pleased— which, after
'all is probably nothing but the truth.
Ma'gna est veritas et prevalet. But
ala<=' the truth prevails further than
'the duty bound hostess. The boredom
weighs upon the guests as well and
no wonder, for of all soul and brain
paralyzing forms of entertainment a
fashionable London "at home" is. In
snorting vernacular, bad to beat. The
.-ru^h — for if people are not packed
like sardines in a barrel, or if it is pos
sible to get up the stairs In less than
half an hour, the at home is not a
success; the absolute impossibility
of anything approaching intelligent
j-onversation; the heat of the crowd,
varied by the draughts from the win
dows; the unhappy musicians, who,
knowing how impossible it is to make
a*e, appeal to artistic emotions or ap
preciation under such conditions,
■wisely attempt nothing of the kind,
but go through their Individual tunes
on the programme with as much en
thusiasm as a musical box; the aim
jossneps of the whole entertalnmeni
plus the fatigue of waiting for one'!
carriage when the blessed moment 01
departure comes, send one horn'
ryiuch in the frame of mind of tin
■man who lost half a crown and onlj
found a sixpence. Our great-grand
mothers with their usual candid hab-
It of calling a spade a spade were no
far wronr when they dubbed such as
*emblies "routs." which as Chambers
Dictl'snary tells us meant "a tumul
tuous crowd, a rabble." It Is tru»
they are '"tumultuous" no longer, the]
are not lively enough to be even that
but the "rabble" characteristic stil
prevails, though it be but a melan
choly one.
Nothing Personal.
There is no attempt or Idea of per*
tonel hospitality or Interest on the part
cf the host or hostess. Three fingers, a
fixed *m!le, "So kind of you to come,"
"So charming of you to ask me," a
form of Ehibboleth which, as it were,
passes her guests over the ford, and
during which the hostess' eyes are fixed
vaguely on the ascending cohort; and
for the rest of the evening the Individ
ual does not exist for his entertainers.
N* wonder that foreigners, accus
tomed to the scrupulous and constant
Introductions in all good Continental
TANGLED THREADS
By F, B. Wright
(OoerrKtt. 1W*. brT. C. MoCSurO
c— y \ j ND that was three
I^Ciaf^S^f 1 ye*r» *8"o, wasn't
!i^C^A3x^r •"■ lt? " Mlcs Travers
, ~Ti ii '- 1 " "it seems— thirty."
"Thanks! Hav* I
really aged so much since then?"
"I mean until I saw you It seemed
thirty." he explained.
"Three years— It goes very quickly.
Tou haven't changed much."
"IT I haven't changed at all."
Ehe regarded him critically. "No, you
haven't— In looks."
"I hcven't in asy way," he replied
earnestly, and with an undertone of in
tention In his voice. "And you — you are
•a I Imagined."
"You Imagined? Then I was not a
reality three years ago. I was a mere
figment of your brain. What do you
mean?"
"I mean— why— that In all these years
I have been imagining you— in all sorts
of ways, you know."
"Oh! Sometimes as fair-haired. I sup
pose, and sometimes as dark-haired,
sometimes with a huinp and sometimes
cross-eyed."
"Nonsense!"
"Well, it's what you said— 'all sorts
of ways' — and yet— do you remember
the silly speech you made me when you
•went a%vay"
"Of course — only it wasn't silly. It
was th»_ frozen truth."
"It didn't seem very frozen then, but
perhaps it docs now, however, at this
distance. You haven't answered my
question yet, though. What was it you
said?"
"Why— that— what's the use of my
telling you over again if your memory
Is ko pood?"
"It's your memor^that's In question,
not mine. Confes^Trou don't remem
ber."
"But I do, of course. It was that I
wouldn't forget," he said triumphantly.
"I'll mark you fifty on that."
By I>ADY COI/IN CA>fI^BB4>I> (AUTHOR,^^ DARBI/LBLARR &*)
society, are amazed when they come
to England, where the habit of intro
ductions 'is out of fashion, or where
they are allowed to wander aimlessly
about without any one showing the
smallest Interest in their presence. The
Continental habit may often be a bore
when It Is overdone, as sometimes hap
pens; but, on the other hand, it is in
spired by the spirit of hospitality and
the desire to make the guests, individ
ually as well as generally, feel at
home, by showing Interest In them, and
giving them, if necessary, fresh ac
quaintances to speak to. Of
years the misnamed "at home" has
reached further development, which
makes its title even.^a greater absurd
ity than before. *
"At homes" are often given not in
the home of the entertainers, but at
some public hall or gallery, such as the
Grafton or New Galleries, or Princes.
The entire absence of any feeling of
personal interest which is the charac
teristic-ln-chief of the modern "at
home" being granted, it must be
owned that the hfred gallery is a dis
tinct gain to most people concerned.
The hostess has the immense relief of
knowing that her entertainment is
simply a question of how much she is
inclined to pay for hire, for floral deco
ration, supper, artists and waiters and
will not entail any upsetting of her pri
vate house. She "presents" her "at
home" as Arthur Collins "presents"
a Drury Lane pantomime; and she re
turns home after it is all over with
the comforting thought that she has
done her social duty with the least
possible trouble to herself. The euests
are equallv the gainers, for, unless the
reception be given in such palaces as
Stafford House, Brldgewater House.
Spencer House or a few of the other
great family mansions of repute, the
ordinary London house, even when of
considerable size, is not well adapted
for the circulation of a crowd. At the
New Gallery or the Grafton. on the
other hand, people can move about at
their ease; and there Is often the addi
tional attraction of a subject of con
versation being gratuitously supplied*
by the pictures exhibited on the walls.
Something to Talk About.
A subject for conversation is one of
the greatest blessings a hostess can
Ml* s Travtrs dropped her eyes, raised
them again for a brief fluttering mo
ment, and again dropped them with a
pensive little smile.
"And you remember what it was I
said to you then?" he asked Impres
sively, leaning nearer and looking down
at the bent head.
"You «aid — of course, you were Just
saying it— but you said you would re
member every word I had said to you,
every look of my eyes, every tone of
my voice. You were quite sentimental
that night."
"It was meant, every word of it. No
man could forget. I know It now."
"Now? Didn't you know It then?
What do you mean? You talk as
though you were not the same man
you were. Aren't you?"
"Well, every man changes, you
know, every seven years. Scientific
fact. I believe."
"But it hasn't been sevtn— only
three."
"Oh, of course, not really change."
"Ah! and you have that photograph
of me yet?"
"Of course. As If I wouldn't! It has
never been out of my keeping since I
stole it from—"
"I thought I gav« It to you myself,"
she said, with some surprise In her
voice. "Have you ' forgotten how you
begged It from me that night?"
"Of course, I haven't forgotten."
"How beautiful the moonlight was
on the water that night, and far oft
some boating party was singing! It
was perfect!"
"Yes, perfect — at least to me."
"Do you remember when we gilded
into that stretch of lily pads and I
lifted them dripping from the water,
each drop like a diamond, and you
said — "
"And I said I wished they were real
so that I could give them to you," he
said boldly.
"Did you? I thought it was that
the drops would spoil my gown — the
gown vou admired so much."
"I did admire it. I have always
seen you in that gown — and your face
luminous in half shadow, the glint of
your hair and your arms gleaming, in
the moonlight as you trailed your fin-
sers in t%e water and made sil* «y
ripples over the polished black mirror
of the er — river."
He drew a long breath when he
finished, as one who felt relieved.
"And it was as we neared home,
■wasn't it, that you told me that you
wanted my picture?"
"Yes."
The corners of her mouth twitched
a little. "What a splendid memory
you have," she said, "a marvelous
memory, I call it. I wish I had one
like it, though it's not what I would
call accurate — if that's a sample — be
cause, you see, you didn't ask me for
my photograph that night.
"But you said yourself — "
J'Yes, I did. I Just wanted to test
you. Now, I commence to doubt that
you really still have ,my picture."
"I can show it to you."
"Are you certain It's not some other
girl that you've mistaken for me? One
is liable to mistake one person for
another — unless there's some special
reason."
"No danger! There's not another girl
in the world like you. I knew you the
moment I saw you."
"Knew me?"
"Yes— across the ballroom." ,
"You had forgotten me, then?"
"I mean," he explained slowly, like
one who picks his way, "that I knew
you— for the one girl I cared about." -
"Oh-h! But was It at a ball we first
met? I remember your telling me that
three years ago, but I didn't think It
was at a ball that that knowledge came
to you. "We met first— let's see — where
was It?"
"At-at— it's Idiotic, but for the life
of me I can't remember for the moment.
Tou were the ••nportant matter— all
else "
"It's hardly to be expected you should
recollect," she. said compassionating his
confusion. "It was at the Thorntons'."
"Of course — the Thorntons. I knew
but I couldn't, think of the name. I
remember Harry te^'-g "'
"Harry ? What Harry ?"
"Er— Harry— Harry Thornton, «f
course."
"Oh— I never ki > w thers was a
brother. And he .told you."
"That he. wanted me to meet you.
He said, 'Phil, tr--«»'s a——"
"Why, I thought your name was
Harry, but possibly that's changed In
three years, too. You used to be called
Harry." :
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAUC
"A man may have two names,
mayn't he?"
"It seems like It."
"I mer " e may have more than one
name. My name is -Henry Philip Mor
ton. All my old chums at college called
me Phil."
"I might have understood— so stupid
of me. So Mr. Thornton was a chum
of yours. at college?"
"Yes, great friends we were."
"And that's how you came to know
his sisters? Charming girls, weren't
they?"
"Very, very charming, only I don't
want to talk about them now. It's
such a waste!''
"Why, have you quarreled?"
"No — not exactly."
"I thought perhaps you had, because
Clara Thornton Just, passe'd and
neither of you spoke. I thought it
curious."
"Yes— of course, I saw but—
it's rather a painful subject with me;
and so if you don't mind, let's get
off it." . .
He looked off sadly with a perturbed
expression of ' countenance, due nat
urally to the pain he was feeling.
There was silence for a moment or
so. and then, hearing a little sobbing
sound, he turned . toward her.
She was bending over, her face
burled in her hands. Like a flash.it
came over' him .what was the mat
ter. She cared, for him and thought
he cared for the Thornton girl.
"Margaret!" he said. "Margaret,
dear! It was * nothing of that kind.
I've never cared for any other woman
but you — honestly."
Suddenly she lifted her face. There
were traces of tears in her eyes.
"Oh, you fraud!" she cried. "You
"You Impostor! And you fancied I
believed you?" '.
She drew a folded letter from the
folds of her gown and found a place
In It. . "?£i
"Read that, Philip Morton, and
then—"
* Morton read the part she indicated.
—"And now the greatest news! Of
course — you sly puss — 1 Know of your
flirtation with Harry # Morton three
years ago and that you gave him your
photograph. Wefl, my dear, It seems
that Harry's twin brother, Phil, saw.
the picture and rescued it when Harry
was burning his scalps just before his
marriage. Phil's kept it on his mantel
for three years. Now, he Is going
West, and what do you think? He pro
poses to stop off at Glendale, and pre
tend he's Harry, stay at the Johnstons
and pick up the ends of the affair with
you right where he dropped them.
Isn't that impudence? He has made a
bet with Harry that he can do this—
and he should be taught a lesson. He
is exactly like Harry— as good looking
—and nicer, and I'm afraid — — "
"You needn't read the rest," Miss
Travers Interrupted. "It's nothing to
do with you. She turned, a seven
countenance toward the culprit. "It is
a very nice trick to, try and play on a
girl, isn't it? So gentlemanlyl"
"I suppose it wasn't fair, but— -*'
"But what? I want to be Just."
"Well, It wasn't all alii. The pio
ture was all I said to me, and I have
known ever since I met you that. I
cared for you— but I suppose you art
awfully offended— and It's all over."
"It should be— shouldn't it? — a« a
punishment. - , There ought to be iom»
punishment surely." , , i;
"I shall lose my. btt. Isn't that
enough— unless— you'll let me win it?"
"Why— how can. I?"
"The threads, you know; let ine pick
•em up where Harry dropped
Then I'll win. You* said you were go
ing walking— weren't jjj Ton, ,. that . day.
Mayn't I come. to-morroV for you?".
"You don't deserve it— and I won't
promise, but— I shall be at home at 3.
and—' Your waltz, Mr. Ackerly? Yes.
so it Is. "Too bad you had such a hunt
for me. I was Just going in."
Miss Travers' hand fumbled for, a
moment adjusting ; her , roses^-then she
moved away to the ballroom, leaving
behind her on the floor a bud Just open
ing to the world. -
Morton picked it up and put it In
his buttonhole. .
"I am quite surV to-morrow will be
a pleasant day," said he.
provide for her guests m tne present
day. for to Judge by the scraps of ut
terances -one hears as one passes
through a crowded "at home" they are
absolutely Incapable of originating
one for themselves. This melancholy
fact Is the only Justification for the
Inevitable infliction of music, which is
the most grewsome feature of the or
dinary "at home." The beat form in
which It can be administered is a
string band; it produces the amount of
noise necessary to make the company
chatter like parakeets, and It does not
fill one with sympathetic sadness as
when some unhappy singer Is called
upon to perform amid such surround
ings. For to put a particle of soul Into
a song sung in a room full of a hot
and Indifferent crowd Is about oh a.
par with "wearing one's heart on one's
sleeve for daws to peck at." There
are only two ways for any musician
with an artistic temperament to de
rive enjoyment from his or her gift,
either to be entirely separated and
apart from the audience as on a stag*
In a theater or concert hall, or else
among a small company of Intimate
and understanding friends.
The "at home" gives neither condi
tion, therefore the musician's feelings
suffer, while the hostess desperately
says "Hush!" to procure a moment's
pause, after which the chatter breaks
out again, for It Is one of the most re
markable paradoxes about those who
flock to "at homes" that the less they
really have to say the more they want
to say. It is. indeed, with somewhat
of an underlying feeling: of resentment
that they listen to a really, fine and
continuous programme of musio at an
"at home," if the hostess is so unwise
as to provide It. They much prefer, as
I have said, a string band, which In
cites in them the canary-like desire to
shout it down, or they will listen llks
children to the stories so delightfully
told by those popular favorites. Miss
Helen Marr or Frederick Upton; but
any fine music, vocal or instrumental,
is listened to with a certain amount of
impatience, for it demands concen
trated attention, and concentration of
any kind Is the very last thing the or
dinary "at homer" either wants or Is
capable of.
Some recalcitrant spirit one* t de
scribed going to an "at home" as "put
tine on clothes I don't want to wear.
MAKING IT GOOD
By The Teacher
— —— sjg HIS is another of
r«-i v amrwM those popular phrases
J!P I of » the day that em ~
c&^r EfcrcW bodies good sense and
S*v Koh moral ideal 9 - As U3e(1
£y KJaW between man and
Ja^iiuwiiiiiiiiiii man u caIls aUen *
tion to the sacredneas
of pledges and promises. And after you
have been associated with another per
son for a year or a decade you have a
right to ask how faithfully he has ful
filled his share of the contract. Has
the one who on a fair June day In the
long ago promised so heartily "to love
and to cherish in sickness and in
health" made good that promise? Has
my employer done as well by me as he
led zn* to expect when I began my
service of him? Has that son on whose
education I spent thousands of dollars
Justified so great an expenditure? Has
that friend who said he would stand
by me In any crisis or emergency met
my confidence in him?
The same test may be as fairly ap
plied to undertakings and movements
which at their start seemed auspicious
and fraught with benefits for mankind.
Haa the reform administration in New
York which has bo recently gone out of
power made good its pre-election prom
ises? Has the Civic Federation, organ
ized two years ago to promote a better
understanding between capital and la
bor, done anything commensurate with
the high hopes cherished regarding it
at the beginning? Has the United States
in its dealings with its new dependen
cies made good the pledges implied or
definitely stated when first it extended
its benevolent influence over them?
People or nations who in the" long run
make good their pretensions are usual
ly pretty cautious about assuming obli
gations. And so this phrase Is a great
encourager of modesty. One who uses
it and lives up to its requirements will
not at the beginning of his career in
dulge in many flourishes of the trumpet
to impress upon his fellow men the size
and the glittering glory of his far-
to go Jomewnere * don't want to go. to
say something I don't want to say to
tome one who doesn't want to hear it .
and It is not a bad definition of th«
male attitude toward these POP^
functions, where the wise man usually
Droves his wisdom by his conspicuous
absence. The larger and broader pos
sibilities of life to man make him far
more Impatient of boredom than is
woman. Ehe. poor soul, is so accus
tomed to being bored that, so Ions as
«he Is bored In company and in her
best clothes she is hardly aware of the
fact. She has nothing better to do.
•he is pleasantly conspicuous that she
Is being seen in the right house, in
the right frock, among the right people;
and even If she does become aware of
the fact that the whole entertainment
Is as dull as ditch water, she looks upon
It as part of the dally social round.
But the healthier minded animal — man.
wisely looks upon all boredom as waste,
which It is; for one need not be bored
unless one chooses to go where bore
dom broods and yawns. Nowhere does
that fell shape preside more palpably
than at x "at homes," and wise Is man
In his generation for eschewing them.
A Striking Contrast.
Buch are the abominations of the
miscalled and gregarious "at homes";
fortunately for those who love the so
elety of. threlr kind when well chosen,
there are other houses, few It Is true,
but all the more precious therefore,
where the hostess Is really at home,
and makes her circle of friends and
worshipers feel at home also. A house
where there Is appreciation of every
thing, but most of all of conversation,
of that bright attack and riposte
which Is almost a lost art among* the
"rabble rout" of the formal "at home."
A house where selection of the fittest
Is carried out with Darwinian force,
and where one does not go to air one's
best frocks, or the latest thins; la
waistcoats, but one's best brains, *•-
cure of finding: recognition, and thai
atmosphere of comprehending sympa
thy which is like a forcing-house for
the wits. A house where every one is
"gey quick at the uptake." where ths
serious questions of the Jay are as
clearly handled as the criticism! on th»
latest play, poem or picture, where
things more than people are the sub
jects of conversation: where men gain
inspiration from the sparkle and poetio
suggestiveness of women, and women
gain strength and lucidity from th«
logic of men.
The foreign habit of certain Intelli
gent hostesses who let their Intimates
know that they are to be found at
home on one particular evening in the
week is an admirable one for forming
a nucleus of Intelligence such as »
have described. There is no formal re
ception; a general feeling of Interest
envelops the guests as they drop In,
certain of meeting intelligent personali
ties, of hearing the latest news, liters
ary, political, artistic, or general, dis
cussed with point and freedom* an<i
perhaps some music from those whn>
will only give their best amid certain
surroundings. Just as some orchids give
or withhold their perfume as best
pleases them. An Informal weekly sa
lon of this kind is one of the most
charming social Institutions imagin
able. Fortnightly gatherings are not
the same thing, and many subjects of
Interest and amusement ar» stale in a
fortnight; and monthly ones beconxa at
once formal matters of Invitation, and
lose the elemental charm of the weelf.jf
causerle. Such gatherings ar* not In
any way to be confused with th« or*
dlnary afternoon "at home" day, to
which the world's wif« and daughters
are free to go. The evening weekly re
union should be strictly selected, toi
all Its essence and charm Is the- cama
raderie of Intelligence and Intimacy, a
meeting ground for equal brains; and
even a few of ths colossal bores who
bother one and frequent th» ordinary
"at homes" would be sufficient to spell
and upset the whole atmosphere. Per
haps If a few hostesses triad whxt
could be dons on these lines th« ex
pression "at homes" would lose Its ter
rors, and something of the glamour and
charm of the famous salons of bygone
days might yet be revived In th» real
"at home."
reaching plans. The Scrlptnr* wall •*?■,
"Let not him that buckleth on his armor
boast himself as he who Iayath It down.**
The office-holder who knows that by
and by he will be called upon to maks<
his record tally with his pledges will sot
outline in advance a sweeping, compre
hensive and itemized budget of project
ed reforms. The young minister com
ing to a new parish will not flams forth
with a lurid manifesto touching his
programme. He will not lntimats that
his predecessor was an old fogy, and
that he himself has come to the king
dom Just In the nick of time to have th«
whole institution from going to pieces.
The phrase makes also for sincerity.
Thire are too many people In the world
who at the moment when they make
their pledges know that they will never
be able to redeem them. They either
consider that a certain amount of cam
paign buncombe Is perfectly legitimate
or else their moral- ser.se has become
dulled to the sacredness of an obliga
tion^ But when a man one-? adopts the
"making good" Idea as a part of his
working principles, how it does set him
to searching his heart to discover what
his bottom intentions are. If It is borne
in upon hl.». that he must make go-d
whatever he says he will do. then he
will sift out all the Insincerities and
weak and worthless desires and leave
only the residuum of sincerity and
straightforward purpose.
And how the phraso does challenge
one to c ~ort! If you '".ow that you
have an appointment to meet at 7:30
o'clock to-night, or that you have told
your little 4-year-old girl that you w::i
brine her a present next Saturday, or
that you have promised your church or
your lodge to serve It in certain defi
nite ways, then, you will strain every
nerve and perhaps go without ycur
dinner, if necessary, to make good
ycur promise. A minister who had Just
finished preaching met outside the
church a belated attendant, who In
quired anxiously, "Is It done?" "ICo,
madam." was his polite and keen reply;
"it has been said. It mains to be
done." Let us remember tha* what
ever we say about our intentions, It
always remains for us to do what we
say we will daIt is not always the kitty who me-ows the loudest
that catches the most mice.
•' '*' \ • •
Discretion is the gentle art of not being found out.
f Should a woman propose? Poor man, the Lord
' have mercy on his souL
* • ■* r:
Some people think themselves too good for this
world; but, as long as they have to stay here, they
put in the time by making it pretty warm for others.
* * *
A woman with a fur-lined voice is not always as
soft and warm as she seems.
* *
A unique way for a woman to propose: "Come and
be saved."
* * *
Some people are born unlucky, others are born just
p!ain ordinary fools.
We go ahead unconscious of danger until we wake
up with an awful jolt.
* * *
At the New Year's reception, in Washington, the
President really does not know whether he is a real
gentleman or just an old-fashioned pump.
; ' ' * - • *
To create opportunities and later to develop them
requires the skill of a juggler.
- • * *
The secret of matrimonial happiness lies in satisfy
ing the brain as well as the heart.
* • ■ • 7$
Ownership robs possession of all value. •
A woman's silence is often more ominous than the
weird diapason of her chin music.
The philanthropist who gives thousands for build
ings that must bear his name never allows his calm
to be disturbed by tales of starving women and
* * *
A man would fall over his own mother in his eager
ness to bow to a handsome woman on the street.
* • •
There is more Christianity in "Live and let live"
than is found in nine-tenths of fashionable sermons.
When a man ceases to give a woman all that she
wants, she thinks that he has ceased to love her.
* * *
• Even a real zero-weather stunt cannot cool off some
people.
* • •
Some people are so small that a bird cage would
be an amphitheater for them.
. * *
If Caesar had not crossed that old Rubicon, lots of
people would have balked on the off side, even unto
this day and generation.
THE MAKING OF
A JOURNALIST
THERE are only two things that
every free-born American citl
xen feel* himself perfectly com
petent to do. One Is to hold
down almost any old office that he can
get hknself appointed or elected to, and
the other that he could run a news
paper If he had the chance. The lat
ter fond Illusion is the only barrier
that stands between many a man and
absolute loss of self-respect. If it were
not for the privilege of writing letters
to various and sundry editors assuring:
them that they are on a straight road
to an asylum for the feeble-minded, the
racks of the unemployed would be
doubled, and If It were not for the
k other fond belief that every man is a
| naturally qualified office-holder the oc
' capations of grand Juries and Congres
sional Investigating committee? would
be gos*.
It is one of the manifestations of the
irony of fate that the men who are
running newspapers are the only men
now in existence who are totally un
qualified for the position* which they
occupy, although the woods are full of
men who could hold up the torch ef
liberty and spread the blessings of a
free and enlightened press broadcast
over the land and contribute to the dis
semination of Intelligence and- Inform
the world as to the score of the last
baseball game or the result of the last
prizefight, and perform the many other
arduous and necessary duties that fall
to the lot of the newspaper chauffeur.
It was Horace Greeley Jones' idea that
he had been picked out by providence
i> to show the world how a newspaper
I should be run, until he tried it. Hav
< Ing had the wisdom to choose a man
for father who had gathered upto him
self rather more than a fair share of
this world's gear, he was not under the
necessity of taking it out in letters to
the editor, but could get Into the ring
and put on the Journalistic gloves him-
Eelf.
It was his idea that a newspaper
ehould be the leader in every high en
terprise and noble endeavor, and that
it should extend the chilly and inhos-
ME-OWS OF A KITTY.
Fable for the FoolisK
pitable mitt to all such uninteresting
and vulgar matters as murders, train
wrecks and elections in Mississippi.
The best place on the front page should
be given up to a lengthy account of
the proceedings of the last meeting of
the Association for the Suppression of
Human Nature and Dissemination of
Gray Matter and all the editorials
should deal with subjects like the De
velopment of the Subliminal Conscious
ness of Typewriters or the Nature of
the Radio-active Emanations of Cana
dian Thistles. News should be a nuis
ance and the people Bhould be edu
cated to read not what they wanted,
but what they ought to read.
In pursuance of this philanthropic
plan for the cultivation of a polite and
informing Journalism he offered the
managing editorship to that well
known scientist. Professor Micropho
bus, late of the University of Schweit
zerka.se in Germany, and his chief
leader writer was Professor Probeit of
the chair of Unessentials In Podunk
College. Only college graduates whose
sheepskins had a summa cum laude la
bel attached were to be allowed to
gather what passed for news with Ho
race Greeley. In order that there might
be no doubt as to the high and exalted
character of his mission he, named his
paper the Dally Judge. ! Unkind critics
said that it was because the better the
Judge the more difficult It wu to buy
him.
Having gathered together his foroe
of spectacles and encyclopedias who
were to assist him in spreading his gos
pel of unnecessary and unreadable
knowledge over the face of the earth
he bought a few presses and instructed
his men to get busy. His career from
this time on was a living exemplifica
tion of the truth that it is possible to
lead an equine quadruped to water, but
it is a very difficult matter, to make him
buy a newspaper that he doeqn't want.
A glance at the back files of the Daily
Judge will show why Horace Greeley'a
paper wasn't the unqualified success
that that worthy gentleman was sure
it would be. A war broke out* between
two alleged South American republics.
« . • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
but all the notice that the Jones organ
took of the affair was to publish a
long and unquestionably scientific— at
least, no. one could understand it — arti
cle on the hfstory and anthropological
significance of an Andean tribe that no
one had ever heard of before. While
the baser Journals that pandered to the
desires of the herd— and seen—print
ed long dispatches from the seat of
war, the Judge went calmly on |ts
way, giving to a waiting world the lat
est Information on the subject of the
origin of tailless monkeys In the Bra
zilian forests.
At about the same time Washington
was seized with a violent epidemic of
legislation and Jones took advantage
of the opportunity to run a sensation
al and highly Interesting serial oh the
origin of government and the place
occupied in history by the Code Jus
tinian. "While the world was panting
for information on the possibility of
the Soap-Bubble and Crystallized
Smoke trust passing the next quarter
ly dividend, he was regaling his read
ers with extracts from the writings of
the late J. Stuart Aristotle, proving
beyond the shadow. of a doucst that
money was a base and undesirable
thing that should be shunned as Inter
fering with calm contemplation and
the cultivation of repose of soul. A
boiler on a steamboat blew up and
killed fifty people and Horace Greeley
Jones took the platform to explain to
the universe In general the nature of
the expansibility of steam, and why.
But the people who wanted ' to know
how many were killed and what their
names were bought the Dally Howler
and let the scientific dissertations in
the Judge go by on the other side of
the street.
These are only a few. samples of the
manner in which Horace Greeley
Jones sized uo the public taste and
then gave it something that It didn't
want." He was proceeding Jon the as
sumption that the ~taste4 for informa
tion and instruction^ and" olives and
caviare and other disagreeable things
could be acquired by diligent anil re
peated applications. Where lie made
his mistake "was "in forgetting that
people "who, don't like caviare ■ won't
eat 1J' when they can get roast beef or
lobster a la Newburgh'ln the immedi
ate neighborhood/ If Horace * Greeley
had been running his newspaper on* a-
,5 V K ATE T rl "^
desert island where none of his sub
scribers could getaway he might pos
sibly have educated them up to the
point of declaring that it was the
greatest paper in the country and that
life would ' be 4 a bare and cheerless
waste without It- As it was, they went
around the corner andjbougnt the
Howler, in order that their feelings
might be properly harrpwed up and
their particular kind of news hunger
appeased. . ' v
Finally, when the advertising had
fallen to a half -column . undertaker's
ad. <n trade and the subscriptions had
dropped to at' least fifty per da7, prin
cipally among the inmates of old
women's homes, Horace Greeley de
cided that the time was ripe for him to
retire from the newspaper business and
go into something that he didn't know
so much about. In accordance with
this pious resolution he sold the plant,
furniture and fixtures and good will,
including a high-power microscope for
the purpose of locating the latter, to a
soulless wretch, whose highest ideal
was to pay his debts and taxes and
educate his children without unusual
expense to the community. Be'injr, as
we have suggested, a base mercenary,
he put in the most of the first day
practicing on a chest weight, to be
able to fire the men whom Horace
Greeley had gathered around him.
.Then he proceeded to gather in a few
choice eouls who could make the ac
count of a dog fight read like a novel,
and whose ambitions were to write
stuff that would sell the paper. The
name of the sheet became the Daily
Bazoo; it was further concealed be
hind headlines that could be read
across the street after dark, and car
toons that would have made an Egyp
tian mummy turn Its head.
It is no palliation of the new own
er's offenses to say that the paper paid
for itself from the start, and that the
editor-has already founded two uni
versities and a home for broken-down
scientists out of his profits. It only
goes to show that the man who starts
out to give the people what they ought
to have Instead of what they want
needs to be well endowed— at least
with common-sense— before he begins.
And if he is so endowed, he will never
undertake the contract.
(Copyright, 1^04, by Albert Britt.)
The prossfe tide of life girts as tie . solid comfort,
but the romance helps oat the thrills and the real live
sensations.
• * •
People who are built on cold storage lines think
they arc good, because they have never been thawed
out.
Train yourself never to see or hear anything that
others do not want you to see or hear. It may work
out your salvation by enabling you to live* in peace
with both saints and sinners.
It is a smart woman who can dress and appear in
a manner that keeps her friends guessing.
Gratitude never travels on the lightning express.
(Prefers the limited.)
£■*•■■. 'j» • >^;£« ,W
A man is not measured by what he thinks he knows,
but by what he proves he knows.
■'m ' ; - : j". •*"*,. { :*"-^
An envious spirit makes a woman so ugly that even
a beauty parlor is hopeless.
pfm'iJSl *'*'-' • ■■
The most insufferable nuisance is the man who
thinks himself smart enough to run a comic supplement
to your best story.
If a woman thought once before she spoke once she
wouldj never have time to do her talking.
People who think themselves wise sometimes wake
up to find themselves otherwise.
• * *
"Why women sin?" Oh, go ask the other fellow.
■• • * •
A dead politician is the deaHest kind of dead one,
yet you can't make the corpse believe it.
* * *
If you spend your time working on "thank you"
jobs you will never have anything else to spend.
* * - ■ :; * " ■
* A self-made man thinks he has accomplished a real
work of art, while qther people think he has only
issued a very cheap chromo.
* * *
If you notice, your friends often treat yoa, as if you
were running a perpetual free lunch counter.
• • *
A man has a little way of forgetting many things
that he should remember. (To mail his wife's letters;
Little Miss Muffet thought she would rough it.
And sleep in the cold outer air,
An owl espied her i
And flew down beside her,
And gave a loud hoot.
Miss Muffet did scoot
And hid 'neath the old vacant chair.
Wasn't it sad?
TALE OF THE GUY
WHO SPRINTED
ONCE upon a time there lived In
the town of Pelt Center,' which
is a regular stop on a Southern
road, a party of the name of
Luther Ltvermore.
Lu.her was the he- belle of the burg.
He wore Primrose and West shirts,
pats with polka dot cloth uppers, mani
cured his nails, smoked monogramme<l
Turkish student lamps and talked
about actresses.
It came to pass that Luther's father
had a fight to a finish with a spell of
sickness and lost the decision. When
the Life Insurance Company was put
wise to the fact that the bout was on
the level and the verdict was a popular
one, they settled with the widow with
out going to court, and as Luther was
the only child and his mamma's pre
cious darling, she split the purse with
him.
When it became noised around Pelt
Center ihat the check had arrived the
storekeepers Invited Luther to stop in
and sign, tabs, and the young ladies
made it plain that they would be
charmed to have him drop In of an
evening.
Before It was time to rip the black
band off his sleeve Luther had writ
er's cramp and an option on a girl
named Lucille. The widow had noth
ing, the tailor had a dispossess notice,
the confectioner had doubts, the Jewel
er had hopes and Lucille had spark
lers. „/' -
As long as Luther kept the kids busy
carrying bonbons and blossoms to
Lucille all .was well, but when he had
shot his bolt there came a change in
the betting, and the wise ones tum
bled to the fact that he was due to
lose his forfeit.
When Luther got a hunch that Lu
cille was going to transfer, assign, con
vey, set over and release all of her
right, title and interest in and to her
cardiacal regard to one Ruf us Has
son, he out, up an awful howl.
He exuded the opinion that she was
not on the square and that she was
handing him the double cross for ths
reason that his father had neglected to
carry a million dollar policy. He set
up the claim that she did not possess
a~ marketable title to her seat of affec
tion, for the reason that she had ac
cepted sundry and divers goods, chat-
By Billy Burgundy
tels and effect* from him, and that In
consideration of tha delivery unto her
of the said sundry and divers goods,
chattels and effects, she had by Insinu
ation, intimidation. Innuendo, utter
ance, action, pledge and promise caused
him to feel, believe, imagine. Infer and
conclude by both Inductive and de
ductive reasoning that he was to ac
quire and attain exclusive tltla. owner
ship, mastery and proprietorship of her
heart, and that he and he only was
to reserve to himself full power, con
trol, domain and command over the
i-M heart, and that he. and he only,
v-a.3 to be and to be known as the sole
and only lord, master, king; floor
walker and main squeeze of the said
Lucille.
He said it was up to Lucille to call all
bets off with Rufus Hasson and to In
form him that It would be good for him
to open up negotiations In some other
clime. He remarked that no gentleman
would trespass upon another's pre
serves, especially when **No Hunting"
placards in Tiffany settings were shin
ing all over the premises, and that he
would take a fall out of the afore-men
tioned Rufus Hasson if he did not show
a high rate of speed In transferring his
affections to some other brain-con
fuser.
"When Luther eased up to catch a
breath of air Lucille gazed meditatively
upon her Jeweled hands and said: "My
dear, 'tis your own fault. In the early
part of the going you were winning on
the bit. The pace you set was bewitch
ing, fascinating and entrancing. It waa
faultless in every detail. The present
were coming thick and fast, and 1
looked as though you could go the full
distance without pulling up lame. Bu
no, you couldn't. You were all In be
fore the heavy going came In sight.
While I like you, and am grateful t
you for the presents, I can never for
give you for the humiliation you have
caused me to> suffer by playing your
hand out so early In the game. I shall
always take great pleasure in speaking
kindly of you for your goodness in the
past, but I opine that I would experi
ence quit- some difficulty If I endeav
ored to bask my feathers in the sun
shine of yesterday. . So I guess It be
hooves me to play the rest of my hand
out with Rufus Hasson."
Moral: You cannot win on a hand
that has once been played.
1314
WHAT a time he must have
had of it— that unlucky
wight who happened to fall
in love in those unenlight
ened days when the malady was really
considered formidable! The man was
looked upon as in a serious plight, who
was thus stricken, even here in our
own West, in those days before the
Yankees came among the senors and
ftidalgos to teach how cavalierly this
illness should be treated, how speedily
the remedy may be obtained and a per
manent cure effected. To the lover of
Alta California it was an affair of mo
ment to take unto himself a bride. In
deed, he devoted so much time ■ and
thought to the enterprise that it was
he, perhaps, who furnished the founda
tion for the myth concerning the seri
ousness of matrimony generally. How
ever that may be, he presents an awful
picture, upon which the up-to~dat*
lover can hardly look without shudder
ing and thanksgiving. Such a view is.
however, occasionally wholesome for
him as showing bow much worse his
own lot might have been. After srazins:
upon it he will forever discount his
own trials and wear a cheerful coun
tenance even when ordering the
chaperon's supper!
It is difficult for us to realize that
•ven such a short time ago as during
the l£20's the settlements of Alta Cali
fornia attempted to reflect, like so
many small mirrors, the life of Madrid,
and that just as the Calif or nians
hitched oxen to their plows because "it
was so done by our fathers in Spain,"
•o they married and gave in marriage
after a modification of the Spanish
mode. ,In those days the city plaza
often formed the stage setting for the
first act of a love affair. Little by little
the candles and lanterns had begun to'
glimmer forth around the square,
where the aguardiente seller and the
monte player were bringing their tables
out in front of their booths. Among the
trees the violins and guitars were tun-
Ing up. and the little fountain in the
center of the square braced up for the
occasion and did its level best to make
the plaza look like a square in old
THE BOAT AND THE BODY
Watch a noble boat glide into the
■water. It is as strong as can possibly
be built from wood and Iron, after the
most perfect pattern. It must be btrong.
that for years it may be able to hold
together, until the last harbor is
reached. Unless it is strong there can
be no voyage. Whether driven by wind
or by steam is of secondary importance.
So it is jvitb the human body. To suc
cessfully sail over life's rough sea it
must be 6trong and rugged. The
amount of canvas, the power of the
engines, and other factors will deter
mine the rapidity of the boat's pro
gress. The energy, the enthusiasm, the
persistency of the individual will deter
mine :*. what rate he will advance.
But without the sound body neither the
voyage of the boat nor that of the child
can be successful.
It may be that no one can say what
vitality is. Some say that it is nerve
force; others that it is a force fed by
air «nd assimilation, and that it acts
through the nerves. Be this as it may,
all must agree that" it Is the measure
of capacity for success. >«o child can
Madrid. With the growing dusk the
pleasure-seekers strolled into the plaza,
and soon the air was filled with laugh
ter, chatter and song. Had we been in
San Diego/ for instance, on such a
night we would have noticed among the
aristocrats one particular maiden with
blacker eyes, redder lips and more im
posing flounces than her sisters, and
have his share of success unless he
is perfectly healthy. It is the glory of
a child who is well. As. the child's
success depends upon vitality, so does
his vitality depend upon a strong
body. If these things are so is it not
of vast importance that parents j see
to it that every provision is made' for
the developing of strong bodies?
The mind is that in us which
knows, feels and wills. Therefore the
training of the child's mind means
not only the furnishing of. the, mind
with knowledge, but it also means the
culture of the feelings and the devel
opment of the will. From earliest
childhood the mind drinks in knowl
edge through the- senses of smell,
touch, taste, sight and hearing. By
means of the senses the child per
ceives that there is a world outside of
itself. To a limited extent tfie child
quite early remembers. Later the
faculties of memory, imagination,
conception, judgment and reasoning
becomes active.
. Primarily the. child gains all its in
formation through the senses. * If but
would have been told that -that wa»
Senorita Inez del Herrera, the daughter
of the hidalgo whose ' broad -acres
stretched from the "sea almost to the
foothills.' Gossip would not have . re
frained probably from bringing in the
name of the young Don Martinez at
the same time, but to that we, ",of
course, would have turned a deaf ear. .
The gayeties really began when the
one sense, is defective the child is se
riously handicapped for life. Fortu
nate the child that has all the senses
unimpaired. How difficult the educa
tion of the child that is deaf, or blind!
How nearly impossible the proper
training of- one who is both deaf and
blind! , ; ' ' ;- 'fJ-v-fivV-iX
The senses of smell, taste and touch
are those especially provided for- .the
sole purpose. of defending,. "protecting
and preserving the body. They are,
therefore, sometimes callejr the. a,ni
mal senses. The senses of hearing
and sight are more complex, and the
sensations arising from 'them are
comparatively slight, 'and are subordi
nate to the knowledge which the rnind
of the young child gains of the objects
Been and heard. : •-,
By means of the sensations which a
child gets through the. senses he gains
knowledge 'of things about him. He
becomes conscious not only of him
self, but of objects around him.
Since it' is so it is well that in the
first few years the child should - be
assisted in "every way, ;*
JHE* SA$- SUNDAY CALC.
Jnusiclans struck up the national air,
announcing the arrival of the Alcalde.
.In his party was .Don~ Martinez -Estu
. dlllo ' Arguello Echeandia, an attache
' of '.the- Alcalde, a scion of a house
whose sons had sat upon the throne
'. of Spain, in whose veins, ran the blood
•f Ferdinand— in fact he possessed the
usual titular equipment of. a Spanish
gentleman. • ■ Just why-he was • in • • the
New World instead of occupying the
proud halls of his fathers. was a ques
tion neyer,asked by polite, society. To
night, certainly, his apparel admitted
no disputation of his dignity. y . '
...-Here.ls.a.dpsc.r.iptio^n^by. an^eye wit
ness: Under his sombrero he wore "a
black silk handkerchief, the. four cor
ners of which '.hung down upon his
neck behind. 1 ■•He; had on an embroid
ered shirt.- a- blue - damask vest, short
clothes of crimsqnV velvet, a bright
green cloth > Jacket with large silver
buttons anil-, shoes of embroidered
buckskin." Over this fell the serape
covered, with* "as -much velvet trim
ming <and ; ; -embroidery \ as it could
carry." What ; maiden' heart could re
sist such enchantments as a blue vest,
a ; green Jacket and; short clothes of
crimson? No wonder that she of the
dark eyes, with all her. demurensss.
found opportunity to send many a
swift glance" toward this paragon of
elegance! .. . •
Presently the promenaders began to
separate into groups, the girls form
ing a marching; circle. In the middle of
tho square, while the' young men made
a ring outside of these, marching: in
opposite direction, thus keeping the
LOVE MAKING IN OLD CALIFORNIA
two circles always face to face. Here
was the opportunity for the enterpris
ing. '**■ Of course there, was the roboso,
fan and mantilla to screen" the inner
circle from the too interested scrutiny
of the outer, but what hero with a
name like Martinez Estudillo Arguello
Echeandia would be baffled by a piece
of black lace? At one of these prome
nade's, then, the lordly eye of Echeandia
fell . upon Senorita Inez, and imme
diately he burned with a consuming
passion, as was customary. When the
senorita was returning home under the
escort of a battalion of sisters, cousins
an.d aunts, Echeandia followed at a
respectful distance and discovered the
abode of his Inamorata. After that he
lit a cigarrito and strolled back to the
square, pondering what he could stake
on monte, for ready money he must
have if he intended falling in love, and
his nreserit resources were — well, it
would have been extremely ungenteel
for a gentleman of his rank to be pos
sessed of anything but debts, and
Echeandia was in the height of the
fashion*. On the monte table, then, he
staked his gold mounted poinard (we
will assume it was paid for), spent his
last real in aguardiente and sat down
to 'decide his fate. Had he lost his
love story would have come to "an
abrupt termination, but fortune, £with
the old weak spot in her heart for a
lover, sat by his side.
At any rate, the next day Echeandia
was preparing to attack the fortifica
tions that surrounded the senoriia,
namely, Senor .Herrera and all the
brothers and uncles. This might re
quire months of strategy, 'and even
after the breastworks were won, even
after the garrison had capitulated, the
lady for .whom he had fought the good
fight he saw, but seldom, and then only
in the presence of her relatives assem
bled. History does not. precisely
record the emotions of the senorita, as
they were matters of quite secondary
importance, but if she was a true Cas
tllian maiden it is safe trf assume that
before how she had implored the saints
for a husband, addressing her suppli
cations to St. Anthony after the unique
Spanish fashion by throwing a little
image of that revered celibate into the
well, saying: "Lie there. St. Anthony,
and drink'water till thou has found me
a husband!" Perhaps at this stage of
the proceedings she fished up the saint
as a reward of merit.
If Echeandia adopted the approved
method of courtship imported from
Mexico he now began -to "play the
bear," that is, he took up his stand out
side the Herrera dwelling and waited
hour after hour with the hope of seeing
his Juliet pass on the balcony that ran
across the upper part of the. house. Up
and down he would pace and perhaps
receive one signal, in a long afternoon!
Can Fifth avenue display a devotion
like unto this? Then, too, he might
meet her in the market place with her
duenna, when she would wave to him
by fluttering her hand' back' and forth
before her eyes "with an enticing ges
ture," as an old observer called it.
These views of his charmer were sup
posed to satisfy him. unless fortune
again befriended him and inveigled
Senor del Herrera into taking his fam
ily to a rodeo at the rancho of some
relative, whither so gallant a lover as
Echeandia thought nothing of riding a
hundred miles to "tread but one meas
ure" with the senorita through the
mazes of the contradanza. On his ar
rival his host probably fell on his neck
and kissed both cheeks, sayinp, "You
are welcome. Don Martinez; my house
is at your command, • my horses are
yours, my wine Is yours, my relatives
are your relatives; you are at home!"
But woe to the suitor if, thus en
couraged, he for one moment treated
the senorita as if she were his cous.n
four times removed. As it was, the
three days' merrymaking probably
ended for him in a due.lo. not neces
sarily, that there was anything par
ticular to fight about, but it was a
social duty that young men of pre
tensions could not afford to omit. But
If he was thus pinked for Her sake, let
us hope that he was rewarded by th«
•enoritas laying aside her dignity for
the occasion and joining In the general
celebration of the fandango, even in
the dancing, when Echeandia would be
sure to have a hand in showering ier
with silver dollars at the close of h-r
performance; or maybe he placed his
hat upon her head, meaning he would
redeem It with a present. Perhaps at
this time. too. Senor Herrera sometimes
turned his back and the duenna went
to sleep It would be depressing, other
wise to think of all the good California
moonlight that was wasted in thosa
days.
After the rodeo certainly Eche
andia's place was firmly established in
the family, and it was probably as they
journeyed home that the senorlta's
fate was sealed by Herrera's word.
Let us. like the rest of the world, as
sume that she approved of the paternal
taste and was happy when her father
mentioned the day.
The wedding took place at the mis
sion church at the fashionable hour
just before daybreak, and was followed
by a wedding breakfast of— Imagine—
beef, tortillas and frijoles! On account
of his great wealth Senor Herrera
added to this spread chocolate and
sugar from Mexico. After this what
was lacking to lift the bride to the pin
nacle of human happiness? There were
no rice showers, but their place wa»
taken by ess shells filled with colojrne.
which greeted the bridal pair from un
expected quarters with "sweet drench
ings." For the next three days Her
rera's tables were spread and respread
for the friends, relatives and all th«
uninvited but expected countryside:
for three nights Herrera'0 house was
bright with wax tapers and the violins
and guitars never* ceased. After this
the father withdrew his hand from the
rudder of the matrimonial bark. Eche
ar.tlia and Inez were married, and it
was thought they might now begin to
make each other's acquaintance.RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS OF THOMAS FITCH.
Copyright. 1504. by Thomas Fitch.
r^ _^ A INO CAUCUS has
I nearly always relgnei
r Hr i " 1 moCern politics.
* Jl always corruptly
i -X- fjN&v'^ I Hnd not often unwis«->
'*^&r^^ ; l w '>'• bul he hd ~ )ul-d
l5^y<J^£H There have beer, but
i^C&riPBZSCoQQgg » ew conventions «'f
*nv party of late years in which th<;
"slate." that is to say. the nominations,
have not been arranp^d in a private
room by the "boss" and his assistants.
It is said that in »w York, long b_
fore the war. wh»n the Whig party
was ruled by the Albany regency, sim
ilar potentiality in Democratic circles
was accorded to Dean Richmond. It
is. related of the latter that on one
fx'cacicm in arranging the "plate" lie
had Ronifhow omitted to name a can
didate for Fuperirtendent of Public In
struction. Tl^e wcrk of the convention
«as about over and I>enn Richmond
and hi» "cab net" were enjoyir.g; a fe*'
bottles of chamragne when a hen h
rr.an rushfd in and exclaimed, "Mr.
Richmond, there is no one named for
School Superintendent. Who is it o
fee?" "Oh. tve'l," exrTalined the Demo
cratic leader, "we are all too busy now
for a conference, just let the conven
tion nominate him."
Bill Hirgins «m the Rrpub'icnn boss
In California for many years and he
vu a 5R.c;a'Moiis, ch-ar-headed man.
He understood the necessity of putting
clean nr'n to run for office. On one
occasion he stood out against, the solici
tations an>l remonstrances of a great
railroad corporation, which insisted
upen th» nomination of a certain law
yer fcr the Supreme benrh. "The peo
ple will beat him and he will hurt the
ticket," t'i'A Hifzcins. "His record will
not bear the lis!u."
T*t Hiepins was not disdainful of the
»«rv!c*» of discredited men. nor un
rraf'fu! for such services when per
formed. On or.e occasion he had named
for* a clerkchip in a public office a cer
tain discredited wardh Other
members of the committee remor.Ptrat
ed against the spr><>intmem. "Why,"
said Hipgins, "th? man can do no harm
in that place. It is not possible for
him to steal a cent. He can perform
its duties perfectly and he needs the
position." "Rut, Mr. Higgles." said one
of the committee, "the man is a scoun
drel." "Yes, I know." rejoined the boss,
"but he is our scoundrel and has got
to be taken care of."
Hippins never broke a promise, and
it is recorded of him that never but
once did he fail to "deliver the goods,"
and that was because the scepter was
twisted from his hand and the slate
smashed by an accident. It was in the
summer of 18S6. The Republican State
Convention met at Los Angeles to nom
inate a State ticket. There were four
candidates for the nomination for Gov
ernor. Or.e of these. General W. H.
Dimond cf San Francisco, a Civil War
veteran, was supported by Higgins, but
he was unable to obtain many of the
country delegates. General Dimond had
a warm personal friend who often took
the stump for the Republican ticket.
but who never participated otherwise
in politics, and who had not been for
many years a member of a convention.
General Dimond : greatly desired that
this gentleman should make a speech
to the convention seconding his nom
ination, and upon his consent to do so
Boss Higgins provided him with a
proxy. f
The convention, consisting of more
than 600 members, assembled at Los
Angeles. A protracted fight was made
oyer the nomination for Governor, and
nominating and seconding speeches,
including one from General Dimond's
friend, were made. But the railroad in
fluence was against the general, and at
last he was compelled to withdraw and
a compromise candidate received th«
nomination. Higgins arranged the
"deal." and as a part of the arrange
ment it was agreed that all the rest of
the Higgins "slate" should go through,
and a politician from Central Califor
cia was slated for the nomination for
Attorney General. "
Anaonc the unslated candidates for
tha efflce was a San Francisco lawyer.
He bed not six delegates In a conven
tion numbering 600, and had therefore
practically no chance. He was slightly
acquainted with the gentleman who
had vainly spoken in behalf of the nom
ination cf Dimond, and after the con
vention had nominated a candidate for
Governor and the principal offices the
aspirant for Attorney General sought
General Dimond's friend and requested
him to make a sj»eech placing him in
nomination. "I don't think. I can do
that." was the reply. "I came here for
only one purpose— to speak in behalf
of my friend, General Dimond. I had
not intended to participate further in
the proceedings of the convention, or.
indeed, to attend this evening at alL
Besides, I am not an elected delegate.
I hold a proxy from Mr. Higgins. and
UP TO YOU— By "The Parson"
rj3SSK3Bn353»3 HERE i3 one more
nrAiim'Wr'Tl popular phrase of
|0 Pa £3} Jj the day on which I
n.Ti/U rjbj would like to expa
|»3S£ *£?} tiate this Sunday
|j®&> corning. It is rath
|p3*T—-- 1 «€■**{ cr s-lanpy, but at the
f—TSraysa— mat heart of it is a great
truth. When you say to a man. "It's
up to you now," you challenge irreso
lution, vacillation, laziness and the dis
position eo native to us all to Ehlft
responsibility and initiative upon the
•hsmlders of some or.e else. The phrase
sets up an ideal of prompt and swift
action. It intimates that there comes
a moment in the affairs of nations or
in the life of an individual when
To doubt would be <Si*loya!ty,
To ijiltcr would be to tin,
AH the preliminaries being attended
to, Eufflcient time having been given
tw deliberation, friends and fellow
workers having done all they can, it
becomes the duty of the man himself to
strike, to strike bard and at once.
There have always been those who
evaded this challenge by holding fate
and their environments responsible for
their personal careers. They never will
admit that anything is "up to them."
Jt might be "up to them" under other
circumstances. The woman chafing In
I suppose that I ought to vote for the
candidate that is on his elate."
"That," said the aspirant, with some
heat, "does not comnort with what
you said in seconding the nomination
of General Dlmond. You said that in
any contest between a UnionT soldier
and a civilian you would, othen things
being equal, support the soldier."
•'Were you a soldier?" inquired the
gentleman addressed.
Then the candidate told to the del
egate the story which the latter, two
hours later, to.ld to the convention.
When the convention -reassembled
it occurred to the delegate that. a»
cording to^politica! ethirs. he ought
not to use the proxy, given him by
IlijTsins to speak and vote in behalf
of a candidate not on the slate; so he
turned to his "colleague." a rising
Tr<r Flat statesman, nrui said to him.
"Will you oblige me fcy swing to Mr,
Higgins and saying t'o'him that I have
promised to make a, speech placing
Mr. Blank in nomination. for Attorney
General, and if that will interfere
* iih any arrangement of his I wili
return h!rti the proxy he) gave me and
take one from one or Mr. Blank's
supporters?"
Rack came the obliging messenger.
"It's all right;" said he. "The boss
pays you can keep de proxy and make
your speech; that it won't m:ike no
difference nohow, for the shte candi
date is pure to be nomin-ited."
"Did he tell you to tell me thit
w"hnt I might say would make no dif
ference?" inquired the delegate.
"Well, no, not that way altogether."
"Will you please state exactly what
he did say?"
"Well, if you want the straight tip,
what he did say was this; "Let him
Mow, it will amuse tha boys and
it won't make no difference what he
says, for a majority of the convention
is fixed solid for our man."
The delegate said no more, but took
his seat and began to prow white about
the Mrs. If his thoughts had been
voiced they would have been something
as follows: "Have I carried the banner
of my party and labored for its success
for twenty years and more; have I held
with credit seats in Ftate and Federal
Legislatures, to be told by this brute of
a saloon-keeper, this political 'boss."
that nothing that I can say will have
any effect upon a Republican "conven
tion?" And then as the nominations for
Attorney General were called for th<j.
delegate waited until the names of all
the other candidates had been placed
before the convention, and then, sur
charged with passion; but outwardly
calm, he ascended the rostrum and this
is what he. said:
"We have passed resolutions in favor
of the soldiers, we have commended
their conduct, we admire their patriot
ism, we glory in their sacrifices, but we
have not nominated any of them for of
fice. I have a little story to tell this
convention. It was related to me an
hour or so ago, and I have no reason
to doubt that it is a true story.
"In January. 1S62, an orphan boy,
then 14 year* of age, attempted to en-,
list in the Union army. He was de
nied admission on account of his youth,
but was able to join a company of Un
ion scouts recruited mainly from Ten
nessee and Northern Georgia.
"On the second day. of the battle of
Missionary Ridge it had been arranged
that at 1 o'clock Sherman, In command^
of the left, should make an attack upon
Bragg's army. But through the treach
ery or carelessness of a war corre
spondent of a Cincinnati paper the code
of Union signals had fallen into the
possession of the Confederates. The
Union scouts, ever -vigilant, ascertained
this fact and reported it to General
Grant at 11 o'clock of the morning of
the day at 1 o'clock in the afternoon
of which the attack was to be made.
"It became necessary to countermand
the order previously given and to di
rect a different movement of the
forces and the code was useless. - It
was necessary to send a written mes
sage to Sherman, who was, by a cir
cuitous route, fourteen miles distant,
and two messengers were dispatched
by that route. But there was grave
doubt as to whether they would reach
General Sherman in time, and volun
teers were called for who should-go
through the Confederate lines, it be-»
ing only six miles across by that
route. <
"The boy of whom I speak volun
teered for the service. With the mes
sage wrapped in tin foil, secreted in
his mouth, ready to be swallowed in
case he was c: ntured. and clad in a
mountaineer's dress of gray, he start
ed upon his mission. He took his life
in his hands, for if captured he. would
have been shot as a spy. By his wit
and his quickness and his bravery he
succeeded. He went through the
Confederate lines, • twice questioned,
by his ready answers claiming to be a-
Confederate dispatch bearer, he es
caped detection. At the last he was
three times fired at. He went down
•into the Jaws of death.' He went
down "into the mouth of hell.' He
reached Sherman, he delivered the
a farmhouse ten miles from a railway
wcruld put forth her best energies If
she only were in the midst of the gold
en opportunities of the city. But the
city man • who has fallen behind the
procession says to himself: "Oh, if I
could only get out into the country
where there are not so many appli
cants for every Job. Then I could
amount to something, but there is no
show for me in this crowded- place."
The Door man says: • How easy it
would be. to live a virtuous and useful
life if I were rich." While the man of
wealth sighs: "Oh. for a little home
and fewer cares. Then I might lead a
truer, simpler life."
Moreover, we. are all more or less
under the fascination of the modern
ideas of the function of the state. We
are disposed to appeal to the city or
the national Government to do things
for us. We are enamored with 'the
thought of a liberal, paternalistic pub
lic policy by means or which we may
get the snow shoveled off our side
walks and our houses lighted and
warmed without costing us a cent.
Against both of these ideas — that of
shifting responsibility on fate and that
of depending on the state or on some
beautiful, socialistic status — this clear
cut little phrase rings out a sharp pro
test. There Is as much opportunity and
as great a call in modern life for the
message and the proposed attack was
abandoned, although ShVrman, as di
rected, kept up a heavy cannonading,
in order to deceive Bragg. The boy
noticed as he was passing through
the Confederate lined that Bragg was
weakening his right in order to march
his forces to the left to resist the sup
posed attack of Sherman. He report
ed this fact to Sherman, who there
upon with Sheridan made an attack
upon Bragg's weakened left, and then
came that celebrated attack upon the
rifle pits, .which ended when the sun
went down with our flag floating upon
the heights of Missionary Ridge.
"Gentlemen of the convention,- while
in the history of our war the names
of the generals who commanded great
movements, nnd of the heroes who ex
ecuted them will" go down to posterity,
there Is another book, not written ! by
man. in which the name" of that 16
year-old boy will be written in letters
of light.
"He fought through the war and re-,
maine-j in the service until mustered
out when peace was declared. Dur
ing the last six months of his service
he carried a volume of Blackstone in
his knapsack and thus began the
study of law. After peace was de
clared he continued his studies.' He.
was admitted in Iowa. He has prac
ticed* for twelve years in San Fran
i ipoo. He has established an honored
position at the bar of California.
■"Oentlcmt.'n, I present to you for thi'
office rf Attorney General, not In the
name of any siate or combination, but
I present to you fn the name of the sol
diers of this republic, hitherto neglected
in this Republican convention; I pre
sent to you in the name of those who
unveiled the current of the Mississippi,
who battled above the clouds at Look
out Mountain, who sang the song of
triumph from Atlanta to the se"a, who
carried our banner, blood-spotted and
bullet-shredded, but flying # still tri
umphant over all this land. I present
to you now for nomination the un
starred, unepauletted hero of Mission
ary Ridge."
The story was a simple one, simply
told. There was no ornateness and no
attempt at oratory. It was not an In
credible story, for there were many
such instances of unrewarded and un
recorded heroism during our Civil War.
The personality of the speaker had lit
tle to do with the, narration. He was
behind his theme and not in front of it.
It was the deus ex machina that ruled
the hour. The stone was rolled from
the sepulcher of the past and the pas
sionate patriotism of the Civil War,
dormant for twenty years, arose with
the song of battle upon its lips. The
members tf the convention shouted
and waved their hats and stood up on
their seats and shouted again. The
'"slate" was smashed Into fragments.
A few lieutenants of the "boss" who
attempted to reason with the excited
delegates were cried down. . The roll
was called. ' The first county on the list
was Alameda— a slate county .with its
100. delegates* supposed to be- -in -the
pocket of the "boss." But when ltd
long, lean chairman arose and cast its'
vote solid for Vthe unepauletted "lefo of*
Missionary Ridge" the cheering "/as re
sumed, and when the roll call was fin
ished the candidate for Attornej* Gen
eral, who fifteen minutes before could
count but six delegates for his sup
porters, .was practically the unanimous
choice of 600.
"I bad always thought," said General
W. H. L. Barnes after the convention
adjourned, "that Grant and Sherman
had something to do with the battle of
Missionary Ridge, but I am satisfied
now it was our nominee for Attorney
General."
Some Question as to the truth of the
story was made by the opposition pa
pers, but the Grand Army officers in
vestigated it and indorsed it. The can
didate thus nominated suffered defeat
at the polls with the rest of the ticket;
but at the next State convention he
was again selected as a candidate, "on
the ghost of a nominating speech," as
was said, and was elected and served
with credit for four years.
There was politics in the land In
those days. * In Southern California
even the excitement of a boom could
not silence the voice of the spellbinder.
"My friends," said a Democratic speak
er, "you should all vote for that
gr-r-reat statesman, Grover Cleveland,
not merely because you will continue
him in place, but you will also retain
In tfie White House that brilliant lady,
Mrs. Cleveland, and whatever partisan
malice may 6ay against Grover. we all
know that there are no . files on
Frankie."
"Mr. Blaine," said a satirical speaker,
"was so fond of marrying the mother
of his first born that he married her
twice."
"That," rejoined his opponent, "Is the
difference between the Presidential can-
Individual ; as .... ever before In the
world's history. Individual initiative
Individual responsibility; individual
burden-bearing and duty-doing are
the things to emphasize to-day. Every
man is still the architect of his own
fortune/and in the truest sense of the
word the captain of his own, industry
It is a glorious thought to keep in
mind during these opening days of the
new year. A plain, blunt farmer
came up to. Daniel Webster after one
of his great speeches and said: "Dan
iel, you haven't done your best yet"
None of us has yet displayed all his
mettle. None of us has been as faith
ful to routine duty, as punctual in his
engagements, as thorough In meth
ods, as cheerful in his demeanor aa
useful in his church or his community
as he yet may be. It is "up. to him"
in these and other particulars this
coming year. -
And maybe some men need Just the
impetus of this phrase to carry them
over the line into the sphere of the life
which we call moral and Christian. A
friend, a schoolmate, a Sunday-school
teacher, a pastor, may take you by the
hand to the point where you" gather
up all vour energies and unreservedly
commit yourself to the best that has
been revealed to you Of God and duty.
But you, and you only, must take the
final step.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO .SUNDAY CALLl
didates. j Mf. -Cleveland never man
the mother of his first born "at all."
"The Republican candidate for Preel-.
dent," said a strenuous orator, "is un
worthy- of the support .'of Van^hbnest;
man. During the war he was appointed
Military Governor, of the city, of Mo
bile. That gem of Alabama lay pros
trate and unremonstratihg In his ra
pacious grasp. Not satisfied with ordN
nary plunder, he organized the Credit
Mobile and mortgaged the revenues of
the fair.city for generations. And, after
all, jj he lacked the 5 business ability; to
reap the fruits of his villainy, ;.f or he
■old the entire Credit Mobile to. a Mas
sachusetts Congressman- for:$329i * ** • \
"But there Is a darker page In the
history of this Republican rascal. - He
was welcomed as a brother to the houso
ana nome of his friend . De Golla, and
on the summer evenings the .'family
was accustomed to seat, themselves in
chairs on the sidewalk in front of the
* BUSINESS MAN'S LEXICON-
*7V X Y Dear s ° n: Havinc Just
f\/\ read a remarkably clever
I / I book : by G. W. Lorimer, I
- J^ thought that possibly a selec
tion of a few of the trenchant
and amusing , remarks that . brighten
the pages 'of this very up-to-date
work might prove interesting to you.
A business man's conversation should
be regulated by ■ simple rules—have
something to eay, say It, then stop
talking. Give fools, the first and women
the last word, and bear In mind that it's
easier to look wise than to talk wis
dom. A fellow and his business should
be bosom friends in the office and
strangers but of it. A clear mind Is one
that Is swept clean of business at 6
o'clock every night and 'not opened up
again till the shutters are taken down
next morning.
If you wish to be successful in. busi-
ness y'qu'mus.t know your goo-da from
A to Z.- You must know 'em like a
young -mother knows baby talk, and
be "as proud of "em as the young fath
er of, a .twelve-pound child, without
really thinking that you've added your
pounds,' ; You've got to have the scent
of a "bloodhound tor; an order and the
grip of a bulldog oh a customer. You've
got . to , feel .the same . personal solici
tude over ah ; order that strays to a
cc/mpetitbr, » s a Parson over a back
slider and hold services to bring it back
to. the fold. Nothing earns better in
terest than * knowledge of , your/busi
ness. \ I'm not ; one ."of those w ho be
lieve that a half knowledge of a sub
ject la ; useless/*: but I do believe that
when a'feliovhas that half he finds
it's the other half which would really
come in handy. . .
I don't' know anythlnc. that a young
business man k ohght to keep v more to
himself than his dislikes, unless It's his
likes: It's generally expensive to have
either, i but it's* bankruptcy to tell about
them.' It's all 'right*, to say nothing
about 'the 'dead .but "good, but it's far
better to • apply the rule to ' the living.
Consider ' carefully,; before you say > a
hard- word to a man, but never let a
chance to say * aV good word co by.
praise judiciously 'bestowed is like
money well invested—the interest is
sure. In all your dealing's remember
that to-day la • your opportunity: to
morrow some other -fellow's.' Never, ap-
De Golla'home. There did this villain
pour his- tale of unlawful' love in' the
ears j cf De,*Golta's wife, y She was- a
good' woman and. she resisted; his ad-
pear poor, for maney makes . Jtself
heard, but when poverty speaks no one
listens. . -' ;. v . -V . - ; - ■.."'■-
There Is -no; progress ' without .work;
men 'have discovered ho\V to make pot
ted", chicken without fowls, \ and they,
have 'made the oleomargarine smell of
the clover; but not, one of the boys has
been "able to discover* a substitute for
work. If you- find you've'; hired the
wrong man you can't get: rid of him
too quickly. Pay him an extra month,
but don't let him stay another day." A
discharged. servant is a center of sore
ness. There are no exceptions to this
rule, because there are no exceptions to
human nature. 'It's a 'good ."thing to* b*
a scholar, but it's "better, to be. a clear
man. Graduate with /a sound conscience
and it won't much matter. If- there are
a few holes in your Latin. College
doesn't make fools or bright inerii it
only deveiqbs them. A • fool wlU J be a
fool whether he goes to college or npt,
though he'll probably turn out a. differ
ent sort of a fool. A clever, boy will
succeed anyhow, -but - a fellow -with
science . will fight the best, providing
he's kept his muscle- hard.. I; always
make it a rule to employ brains, and
1'xt learned that the better trained
they are the faster they find reasons
for- getting their salaries raised. Of
course, it's good business' where . a f aU
low hasn't much behind his forehead to*
throw out his chest and attract atten
tion to his shirt front, but the men
who are .worth', meeting have no "be
ware of the • doc", sign around their
premises. Superiority Is courtesy with-;
cut ■ condescension, affability^ without
familiarity, wisdom without affectation. \
It weighs sixteen 'ounces to the pound
without the covering,- and it doesn't
need a four-colored label to make it go.
Always be," shy of "the man who is too
amiable ; r the bpnkb ; men : aren't all at^
the* racecourse and ' they don't all op
erate with the thimble and the little
elusive pea; If you find a man is not,
honest . you * must be ; armed to meet
him, .but. nevtr-'on his .own jrround.
Make "him '.: be! honest with you -if you
can!". but ; on" -no : account let ■hlin make
you f dishonest with Elmr: Some 'men
learn -'theXvalue v of i truth : by ' going
Sunday rschool.^and <- others by having
to do business with liars. I'm always a
little suspicious of a critter that stands,
too quiet under the whip, for I know
It's ' not meekoess, but meanness, that
vances. He x as "a general and a Con
gressman, and the -injured husband
overlooked * the offense. Not so would
I have treated the villain. If I had
I've lot to fight. A mule for example
Is not patient,, but obstinate.
' You" can cuss him till you've noth
ing r but holy, thoughts left in you to
draw on and you can lay the whip on
him till you're tired and he will just
look grieved,, but all the time that
mule will be waiting for you and add
ing compound cussedness to your ac
count, and . practicing fancy kicks in
his stall after dark. Men are all more
or less like animals and require to be
properly handled. When you've got an
uncertain cow- it's all very fine to tie
a figure eight in her tail if you're not
thirsty " and it's excitement you're
after. But if you want peace and
her' milk you will naturally approach
her. gently. ' Even when a man has
learned the details of his trade he
knows only one-eighth of his busi
ness,, the other seven-eighths and the
most Important seven-elghthJ has to do
with the study of human . . nature.
There Isn't 'any* such thing as being
your- own boss In . this world, unless
you're a " tramp, and then there's the
constable. A good many young fel
lows envy their boss because . they
think he can do as he pleaiesl As a mat
ter of fact, he's the only man in the
establishment who can't.' An employe
has only to answer to the manager, but
the' manager has just as many bosses
as he has people under him,, and they
all keep him under Inspection. Indi
viduals can't be'iproperly' worked by
general rules; every, man is a special
case and needs special treatment.
Every man requires a . certain
amount of amusement, but the supply
Is limited. For example, some cet
their fun by coins fishing; most of the
time, ■ making money the rest. Some
get it making money most of the time
and going fishing the rest. You can
take your choice, but remember, the
more sport the' less money. The most
important step in a man's life is mar
riage, and when a young fellow takes
that step on' a small salary It is a
proof* "that ; he* requires a keeper
more th*h a wife.* Af t*r all, there is
no fool like a young fool, because he's
cot a long .time,; .to.^ remain one. : Al
though a young fellow will consult his
friends 'about buying a horse he's
cocksure of himself when it comes to
picking a wife. Marriages may be
made In heaven, but most engage-
been old man De Golia, Garfleld would
never have left that pavement alive.".
"There Is, my friends," said the orator
of the evening, "no end to the rapacity
of the plutocrats. One of. them, Mr.
D. O. Mills, flaunts in public places th*
wealth he acquired from the estate of
his dead friend Ralston. I notice that
he has recently purchased the Roman
Catholic cathedral In Los Angeles and
has placed over the main door of too
home of God his own initials, *D. O.
M.' "
•By Allan Eastern
{.
ments are mad* In th* back parlor
when th* gas is so low that a fallow
really doesn't set a squar* leek at
what he is taking.
To marry for money or to marry
without money is a crlm*. There's no
real objection * to maxrylnr & woman
with a fortune, but ther* is to marry
ing; a woman for a fortuna. WhU* you
are at it there's nothing Ilk* plcklnj
out a good looking wlft, because aven
the handsomest woman looks plain
sometimes, so you get a llttl* pleasant
variety, but a plain on* can only vary
by looking worse than usual and there'*
no pleasure In that variaty. Of court*
beauty Is only skin deep, but that's
deep enough to satisfy any en* man.
Then, too. If a fellow's bound to marry
a fool, and a lot of men have to If
they're going to hitch up Into a well
matched pair, there's nothing like pick
ins one; It's less regret.*
Be particular In your dress. Of eourt*
clothes don't make the man, but thay
make all of him except his hands and
face, and that's a pretty considerable
area of the human animal. A dirty
shirt may hide a pure heart, but It sel
dom ' covers a clean skin. We know.*
that appearances are deceitful, but *o
long as they are there's nothing Ilk*
having them deceive for us instead of
against us. I've seen a 10-cent shave
and a 5-cent bootshlne get a $3000 job.
In this world it isn't enough to be all
right, you've got to look all right aj
-well, because two-thirds of success is
making people think you're all right.
Never get the name of a drinker. Peo
ple have seen four and four make eight,
and the young man and the small bot
tle make a d — n fool so often that they
are hard to convince that the combina
tion, can work out any other way.
Whatever may be your success never
lose sight of your own faults. Authority'
swells up some fellows so that they
can't see their own corns, but a wue
man is not only able to attend to bis
own corns, but he carefully avoids
treading on his neighbor's. It's a grooi
thing to step back from yourself and
see how you look. Then deduct 50 par
cent for faults that you missed in your
investments and add ' 50 per cent to
your estimate of your neighbor for
virtues that you can't see and you'll
have a pretty accurate result, which
you are not bound to publish.
1516
Solve the Puzzles.
•fill Cut th*e Coupon
md Lend It to
lie Iuzzle Editor.
Luncay Call, £. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
han I ranii-io:
Below in their proper num-
bers picas*? find my >olution of
tlie Nine Different Birds rcpre-
«eutcd in this week's Name Puz-
zles:
t
S
« ;
•
•
7
•
• >#
February 7, IVOt.
\arne ....,
, „> . i
• »
Ptr+rt or P. O.. ..
Ctt> '■■
Bute ...1
4
IX I win I choose for prize
NAME PUZZLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THESE WRE
■■■■.; ■■'A .
\JHE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF JJIjy. 24.
;C~T*. IIESE arc the nntnt.1 of the 150
' I lucky ehllarcn w.io u on prizes
v|- ' in. Uic, puzzle coiitvsl~i»ic ulae
, *X ' :. dJucrt-nt wcatlu r iurecusLs—
''i;'^ published, in .'1'ii'c SojiUuy Call
ot '/January iir.V, ?• .
■ :.l>etiuic« iuiner," 1316 Sherman, street,
Alanu 'a.;,-,.4iiuL;e jJiaik, oj7 tsuchunun
sUett, San* 1 K'fiVic.M:o; i-iitioid^j^coos,
hz\ str'H£&<fou"'Vi»ut'is'uD r;'-'ii'tuh
oiaa' easuviu. iJiiO, SeVeirL-fc^keet.. Oak
land; Jjuiothy \rt.ip.UV.^i^wsiu street,
San .'Ki'ancisco; iiai^Cultis, »l*J\J&siis
sirtut,' fcJjin "-. iS'oiraan 'v |siu
waids, . 2010 Sutter street,. San- Fran
ciuco; Mildred Curtlg, »1S Ellis street.
Sun ''-Francisco; .1 Carlos' Rivea, 1307
O'Farrell •■street, Bah Francisco; Leo
Ulennon, 31 Cumberland street, - San
Francisco; Rqsallnd Rosenberg, 36 M •
pie. court. San : Francisco; Leo Dillon,
3S Cumberland street. Can Francisc ;
Melvin Koegel, 96 Cumberland street,
San Francisco; Lloyd .Hamilton, 911
Florida street, San Francisco; Margie
Deemer, 1 Perry street, San Francisco;
Florence Hopkins/ '2099' California
street. • 8an Francisco: Agnes Mc-
Clutchen, ; 139 v, Hancock ■ street,' Ban
Francisco: Ethel McGuire, > 126 .Erie
street. Ban. Francisco; | Leslie .Crump,
141* Hancock street." x San Francisco;
Hanlon Crump, ; 141 Hancock street, San
Francisco; Reta Ogle, 261* ' Howard
' Btrieet, San . Fra ' [ vco; : Ferda Of Ie, • 2611
Howard. street,'.' San' Franciscj; ;C •_■-. re
Carney, 1011 Alabama street;. Ban ' Fran-
Cisco; Eddies Graham, S60 Shotwell
street, San Francisco; . Pear| Owens; 162
Henry, street/ San Francisco \\" Leslie
Koegel, "96 Cumlerlandr street," San
Francisco; " Harry I Sharp/ 1217 ' Buena
Vista street. Los Angeles;'Ruth"Dunck
horst," 2815 - H '.''. street, t Sacramento;
Norma, Knight, -.3437 Twenty-fifth
street, ? San : Francisco;. Charles Mix,
Burlingame; Laura .Royer,. Stockton;
Milner Sharp; Los. Angeles; Ellen Mor
rison,"819 Geary ftreet. San Francisco;
Lou Van : De Water,^.Glen Ellen ; ' J. ; E.
Rhodes,* Sacramento; -Myrtle Osborne,
Livermore; Ellsworth ::. Mellon, '37*
Alcatraz ., avenue, Oakland; Walter-
Pratt, 2326 Mission street, San Fran
cisco: 1 Irene Slevin. 1096 Treat avenue,
Snn Francisco; Ella Billings, Concord;
Penrl Van Motor, Walnut Creek; Alan
Nichols, 1823^4 Green street, San
Francisco; -Ada Meyers, San. Jose;
IP Y:U Can GU^ss TneSS N^I2 Bi^s a J3<sUtffUT pi-Tz^
Children, you're sucxjeeded beautlfnlly this week. Perhaps you all knew the colors awfully well and
it mm not quite so dlfflcult for you. So try your hand at the Birds and see, Just for fun. If you can win
a prize on them. It sounds awfully hard, doesn't it? Well* It Isn't at all difficult. Just think of a few
birds that you know. For instance, there are canaries, crows, hawks, and oh, just the greatest lot of
them that you can remember if you just try hard enough. Of course, the puzzle editor cannot tell you
lust which of all these named In the list above- are represented in the puzzle pictures this week, but
there are little hints for the knowing In the sentence. Just- puzzle the pictures out for your
s< M'. . Vou will 'find It lots of fun, betJdcs giving yuu^a better knowledge of birds and a good chance to win
,. a prize. Begin right now. .... ,\' 'I '/ •
t , And Ihtp In another thine that thr Piun!l<"» Kdltor wants to «peak of. Plraw dnn't <ntd In an; tla<
l.vpe.plc-Uiiv* or proofs* thnt are untonrd — which mean* Ihnt they will fade m* noon as they arc exposed
'to t lie »u li. n ud don't forget toWrlte^your 'name and address on the back of each and every photograph.
. And by all means be sure that you are a prize winner before you «cnd In any picture at alL
.,■■.-♦ > Now remember this: Von will all have a etutnee not only to win one of those ISO prizes, hut set too*
an well. The Puzzle Editor wants all tht> prize winners from now on to send in thel*
' . pTctUiTj*—^llio, whole 150 every week If possible. Beein right now. Don't, wait. The more the merrier.
: Tlitrt- «-an"t be too many. But remmiber only . the prize winners can have their plcture» published.
Kncli of the Nine Pictures in this, the Ninth contest of the Sixth Series, represents a different bird.
Can you guess? Ah! There is a rich reward for you If you can.
, . And now listen curelully: I Ulittii. AKh. OAt Uti.NUiUO) AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is what
you miM «lci in win one of them: ■ ■. ■ '• ■'
. , - Find - the names of, Nine Different birds represented by the Small Puzzle Pictnres on this page
and write . tlicui out In the space opposite tlie proper corresponding number provided for the
purpose , in the coupon on this page, h* per directions: nil in tlu coupon with your name ant! adilr. > auU
the prize you desire— if you win— and send the picture, with tne coupon attached, to the fcLDlTOli OF T11K
NAME PUZZLE PAGE. Sunday Call. San FrancUco. CaL
V .. REMEMBEIt — To the FIRST OXE HUNDRED AXD FTFTY BOYS AND OfKLS who the Nm«
Name I'uzzles ''correctly, one of tlicw OXK UUNUUED AND FUTY • BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will b«
•warded. - ■ *rV .'•■"' .■'■ ...'■'
.. . /And .'don't forarrt thN n«» point. ! hecante It In Very 'important? AIX ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFr'ICK B V.FRIDAY NOON.' ThN dvex *II those in tne country an equal chance to enmpete.
Read everTthlnff on thin p«ee. to be sur* that jroo overtook nofhlnr tbat will help rnn to win m prize.
- THE NAMES OF. THE LUCKY UINNEHS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FKOM TO-DAY. February 21. i
These are tlie TWKNTY BEAl T TIFfT», HOOKS from which yon mxy rhoow If yon «oUe all the pnz
iles■correctly: I-ndr of the l^ake. b> S<-otl: Light Tliot Fulled, by Klpllns: Little Lame Prince, by Mulo<k:
Tlie >IhjjIc Niit!».^b.y Moleswortli: the Master of Ballantnte. by Ste^n^oii: 3loM«e»> From tin Old Manse, by
Hawthorne: Mulvaney Stories, by Kipling: Paradise Lost.- by Milton: The Pilgrim's Prosrew. by BunvHn*
Plain^Tules From- Hie Hills, by Kipling: Prince of the House of David, by Ingraliani: Kab and HI* FrtenJs!
by Brown: Siimiintha at Saratoga, by Hoi Icy: The Sketch Book, by Irving: The Snow Image, by Hawthorne*
.Tales v From Shakespeare, by Lamb: Tom Brown's School Day!*, by Hughes: Treasure Island, by Steveosoax
1« ice Told Tales, by. Hawthorne, and Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowe.
Melvern Johnson, 141S Eleventh
street. Oakland; Lee Girvin, 2293 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; N. A.
Wright. 629 First avenue.' San Fran
cisco; Florence Churchill, 860 Shra
der street, San Francisco; Emma
Schmidt, Berkeley; Jack Ligtiorl, Ag
new; H. Bowman, Laurel; Edith Pow-
ers, Lodl; Louis Murray, Ross; Frieda
Bertelsen, Alameda; Claude Williams.
San Jose; Charles Martin. 735 Laurel
avenue, San Francisco; Florence
Fauth, 238 Fourteenth street. San
Francisco; Vernon Llguori, Agnew;
Thelma Sturla, Col ma; Johnnie Vallee,
Ban Quentln; M. Asher. 624 Post
street, San Francisco; Asa McCabe,
Modesto; Ollie Cullen. 7 Ritch street.
Ban Francisco; Irvin Andersen. Wat
•onvllle; Genevieve Mitchell. Au
burn; Irene Wissingr. 240 Fourteenth
street, San Francisco; Bertha Klar
xnan, 40 Cumberland street. San Fran
cisco; E. Carney. 1011 Alabama street.
Ban Francisco; Eusebia Lingenfelser.
122 Erie street, San Francisco; Ma
mie Smith, 346 Arlington street.
San Francisco; Gladys Cross.
SI 9 O'Farrell street, San Francisco;
Charlotte Chapman, 1272 Seventh street.
Oakland; Helena Warness. 26 Rlncoa
place. San Francisco; Eva Brandon.
Watsonvllle; Edith Ransom, Half moon
Bay; John Unks. Stockton; Isabel
Riley, San liateo; R. Badgley, Liver
more; Theresa Ha r man, 824 Harrison
street. San Francisco; Abby Conner.
2311 Polk street, San Francisco; Jessls
Eilva. San Leandro; Lloyd Evans. 1635
Page street. San Francisco; Tessio
Schenk, 824 Harrison street. San Fran
cisco: Mary Smith. 40 Stewart street,
San Francisco; Lillian Clifton, 1111 Sut
ter street. San Francisco; Juseph.na
Sampson, Vallejo; Marguerite Hamp
den. 1633 Sacramento street. San Fran
cisco; Tommy Sharp, Los Angeles;
Miriam Babbitt. Los Gatos; Russell
Pettingill, Eureka; Louis Sobbe. Glen
Ellen; Margie Dunn, 101 Lee aven»'O,
San Francisco; Charlie Bocks. Cuper
tino; Aileen Wells. Stockton; B. Bohme,
Alma; Gladys Johnson, Santa Cruz; G.
Dcugherty. Jackson; Virginia Brill.
205 Thirteenth street. Oakland; Mabel
Cam. Vlsalia: Earl Glaze. 617 East
Twelfth street. East OaKland; Go.d.a
Cuffleld, 624 Post street. San Francisco;
Meredith Simons. Berryessa; HollanJ
Cooke, Healdsburg; D. Eckrot. 2050
Sacramento street, San Francisco;
Anna McGinerty. 1011 Alabama street.
San Francisco; Harold Okell. 10.S
Union street, San Francisco; Marguer
ite Bell. 2010 Sutter street. San Fran
cisco; Florence Harrington. 8 Vallejo
terrace, San Francisco: Wilbur Cutt*.
Live Oak: Lewis Trocksell. 693 Twenty
sixth street. Oakland: Ruth Gee. Vallejo;
Eddie Fonteneau. Stockton: G. Ward,
Gilroy; F. Westphal, 915 Pine street,
San Francisco; Hazel Gibson, 230 Cy
press street. Alameda; Isabel Wll^am
eon, Tuolumne; Rosa Birch. 922
Chestnut street. AJameda: George
Kessler, Martinez; Irene McGuIr*. 126
Erie street, San Francisco; Will
son. Pacific Grove: l$u!h Chrisman.
Clements; Frank Cur/y, Stockton;
Loris Walker. 1030 East Sixteenth
street, Oakland; Lizzie Hughes. 3793
Twenty- foUTth street. San Francisco;
Marcia Benson. Petaluma; Goldia
Patterson. Stockton; Evatt Hare. Sa
linas: Ruth Le Fevre. Vallejo; Winnia
Bauer, Berkeley; Ruth Hall, Santa
Rosa: Edwin Hawes, Patiflc Grove;
L. Johnson. Woodland; Mildred
Nldever, Santa Cruz; Edgar Manning.
Grldley; E» W. Wharton. Gridley;
Genevieve- Whlpple. Fort Bragg;
Claude Hamilton. Silver City. Ne
vada; Miriam Humphreys, Carson.
Nev.; Tom Menary, Occidental; Philip
Murray. Sausalito: Earle Crow, New
man; Helen Clark, Los Angeles; Ar
thur O'Meara. Ross; John Frailer.
Goat Island: Nellie Bolton. Los I An
geles; Norma Egilbert. Iron Moun
tain: Helen EInselen. 652 Stockton
street. San Francisco; M- Einselen.
B52 Stockton street. San Francisco;
M*xine MrLeilan. McCloud: F. K.
Laffertv, Santa Rosa; Willie Hongh
ton. 1319 Sixth avenue, Fast Oakland;
Roswald Lackey, Gold Hill. Nevada.Pages 17 to 20
t •&
GWENDOLEN MAXWELL, AS THE WIFE OF THE DUKE
OF NORFOLK, WILL BE ENGLAND'S RICHEST DUCHESS
Besides the Highest Position in Britain's Society She
Will Become Mistress of the Kingdom's
Greatest of Ancient Castles.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— It was all right
about the Duke of Marlborough, and
the Duke of Manchester, and the Duke
of Roxburghe. but if the Duke of Nor
folk, who heads the whole ducal list,
had followed their example and en
gaged himself to an American girl,
jbm rumor persistently credited him with
doing; If he had done that ! But
\i is Impossible to eet down on paper
any indication of the chorus of com
ment and criticism that such a deed
would have aroused. Perhaps the wise
and elderly Duke took warning In
time; otherwise If he proposed to
Gladys Deacon, as the gossips said he
would, that lovely daughter of the
bUltb and stripes refused him, 'the no
fcle Duke being no longer young, and
never having been what you could
honestly call good looking, and being
known, furthermore, as the most care
lessly dressed man In the whole peer
age.
At any rate, the announcement of
the marriage cf the Premier Duke of
•England early In February to his young
cousin, the Honorable Gwendolen Con
stable Maxwell, set at rest much un
easiness en the part of British society
mammas — especially those of the Ro
man Catholic faith. Miss Maxwell was
born in exactly the year— 1S77— In which
the Duke was married to his first wife,
who died ten years afterward. Her
mother was the Duke's first cousin, and
her father. Lord Herries, came of a
Scottish line almost as old as that of
the Duke himself, and connected with
bin by several ties of marriage.
The match is of real interest, even
across the Atlantic, for It means that
a gentle, religious and somewhat retir
ing girl will Jump from a minor place
. in the upper circle of British society
to the highest hereditary rank next to
royalty. Even the Duchess of Marl
borough will have to make vray for the
wife of the Premier Duke, who out
ranks on the table of precedence every
body after royalty and Embaesadors,
except a few ex-offlcio big-wigs whose
ilace is appointive and not hereditary.
Furthermore, she becomes mistress of
one *f the greatest, and certainly the
most glorious, of castles in all Great
Britain, and what is probably the most
perfect mediaeval fortress now stand
ing.
DUKE'S FAMOUS OLD CASTLE.
The famous old pile, which was built
late in the eleventh century, still bears
the name of Arundel, the family who
made it their eeat for nearly S50 years.
In 1ES0 It came into the Howard fam
ily, of which the present Duke of Nor
folk—the fifteenth of his line— is the
head, and although eome additions have
been made, much of the ancient part
Btlll stands. The great Norman keep,
rising to a Eheer height of 150 feet,
probably could not now withstand the
terestlng points In centuries past, es
to be united have touched at many ln
elegea it did in the twelfth and six
teenth centuries, but the old walls are
good for many years yet. In 1791 a
Gothic edifice was built around the
mediaeval tower, and this contains
most of the living rooms in use to-day.
Tou can get everything from pictur
esque ruin to luxurious comfort within
the Trails of Arundel. the Duke havjng
recently restored, with a careful hand,
some portions of the castle to make it
more habitable for the poor, crippled
boy who was the heir to all the Nor
folk wealth and glory, and whose In
firmities kept him practically a prison
er In this splendid palace until death
came to his release last year.
Everything that a father's love could
devise, or that the wealth of one of
the richest nobles in England could
buy. was done to nave the boy. When
he xvas a child his mother, the first
Duchess, even took him to Lourdes to
see If the sacred Bhrlne would not per
form the miracle that medicine had
failed in. The story goes that as they
■were approaching the place a party of
peasants celebrating the cure of one of
their number passed the Duchess on
their way back from the shrine chant-
Ing: "He hath filled the hungry with
g-ood things and the rich he hath sent
away empty." The Duchess turned
pa<IIy to her companions and said:
"That is our answer, for we are the
rich. There will be no miracle for us."
The boy was the only child of the
Duke, and unless the new Duchess pro
vides an heir the title and vast es
tates will pass to Lord Edmund Tal
bof. a younger brother of the present
Duke.
We shall probably see a marked
change in the solemn, stuffy dignity
of St. James square, of which the mos£
notable feature Is Norfolk House, the
preat town residence of the Duke. The
mansion has been practically closed
ever since the death of the first
Duchess, sixteen years ago, and has
come to look somewhat gloomy and
dingy. But now It is to take on new
life and color, and is expected to be
come one of the most brilliant social
centers in London. Its proprietor stage
managed the coronation, the most bril
liant social function of our time, just
as his ancestors for some hundreds of
years before him had arranged for all
previous coronations — a hereditary
cright with the Norfolks. With such
experience and such social rank the
Duke can be depended upon to make
up for his long retirement from soci
ety with some entertainments that are
likely lo be. memorable. Norfolk House
is almost as historic as Arundel Castle.'
It was in this house that the chief au
thor of the American Revolution,
George III. was born, in 1728, his par
ents having been turned out of St.
James Palace by George IL Many a
page of history has been made within
its walls.
GREAT FAMILY HISTORIES.
The histories of the two great Ro
man Catholic families which are about
pecially at the great battle of Flodden
Field, which the second Duke of Nor
folk won, and In which the second Lord
Henries was killed, while, fighting un
der Norfolk. The first Duke died fight
ing for Richard III at Bosworth;' the
third was beheaded by Henry VIII; the
fourth was beheaded at the Tower of
London for communication with Mary.
Queen of Scots; and his eldest son died
a prisoner In the Tower in 1695.
The present Duke, who celebrated his
fifty-seventh birthday a fortnight ago.
would have kept up the warlike tradi
tions of his family If he could have
had a chance. He was Postmaster Gen
eral of England when war was de
clared !n the Transvaal, and in spite
of the protests of his friends, and lack
of enthusiasm on the part of the War
Office, there was nothing to do but
that he must resign and go to the front
to show his patriotism. Dukes are not
greatly wanted In the firing line, and
although the Norfolk courage and sin
cerity was undoubted, his Grace was
persuaded after a time to return home.
I suppose there isn't in all England
to-day a more comfortable, easy-going
and unostentatious peer than the
present representative of all the Nor
folk glories. His habit of going about
in a Back coat and slouch hat, with his
long, black whiskers flying, has led to
many an amusing mistake on tne part
of folk who didn't know him.
THE DUKE IS CARELESS.
There are stories "of tourists who
have encountered him roaming about
the grounds of Arundel Castle and have
offered him small tips for email cour
tesies extended, and there is a well
authenticated account of his being
turned away from the door of an in
stitution for the poor on one occasion
when it had been announced that the
Duke of Norfolk would be present to
distribute certain prizes. The door
keeper told a . somewhat __ disheveled
man who had elbowed his way through'
the crowd to 'the door that he ought to
know they did not distribute relief to
the poor on a day like that. "I quite
understand," said the man, "but you
do distribute prizes, and I have come
down to distribute them for you."
On another occasion when the Duke
was heading a distinguished party on a
pilgrimage to the Vatican he was mis
taken by a tourist on the platform for
one of Cook's men and commanded to
look after her luggage. As she was
much flustered and In need of assist
ance, the Duke politely carried her bag
for her, to the vast delight of his titled
escort, and It is doubtful if that tour
ist knows to this day why It was that
her porter refused a tip.
The new Duchess is one of the few
women In England who will succeed
to a title of her own, as the Scotch
barony of Herrles will descend to her
after her father's death. It is a proud
old line and it Is almost a pity that
the title doubtless will be absorbed
eventually in the long list of Norfolk
titles. The Duke is already Earl of
Arundel, Earl of Surrey, two or three
barons and half a dozen other things.
TARKIXGTOXS ARE KNOWN
AS "DUKE AND DUCHESS"
Natives of Capri Arc Awe-Stricken at
the Generosity of the Ameri
can Novelist.
LONDON. Feb. 6. — Mr. and Mrs.
Booth Tarkington, who have been stay
ing at the Hotel Quisisana, Capri, for
some little time, are now about., to
journey to Rome, where they will be
stationed at the Palace Hotel. At Ca
pri the American novelist and his wife
were known as the "Grand Duke and
Duchess" because they never question
ed the first prices that were asked them
for anything they wished to buy, no
matter how exorbitant and outrageous
were these first prices. The general
custom in Capri is to ask ridiculously
high prices and to come down grad
ually to a business basis. What still
further impressed the people of Capri
with the munificence of their "Grand
Duke and Duchess" was that when at
tending a native wedding Mrs. Tark
ington, suddenly realizing that she had
no present with her for the bride, un
clasped a pearl necklace from her neck
and presented it to the bride. This
thrifty lady was overwhelmed with joy
at the American's tribute, and it was
not long before she was at the local
Jeweler's at Capri having the gift
valued. To Mr. and Mrs. Tarkington's
Intense amusement it was priced by
this authority at 10,000 francs. The
bride is envied of all her friends while
the giver and a few friends are enjoy
ing a joke, for, having left her jewelry
In America, Mrs. Tarkington bought a
few imitation things in England to
wear until she' got back. The price she
paid for the pearl necklace in London
was just ?5.
It was via Paris that Booth Tarking
ton went to Capri, and one day, when
strolling through the Paris streets the
novelist was accosted by an old beggar
■who asked for alms. Mr. Tarkington
looked at the man for a moment, then
dropped a louls into his hands. The
beggar was thunderstruck at the re
ceipt of so much money and, while the
donor looked on amused, kept passing
it from one hand- to another to make
sure it was real. Then Tarkington in
execrable French tried to explain, and
finally taking hold of the bewildered
old man. dragged him off to a neighbor
ing florist's, where he decorated him
with choice orchids. All this time the
beggar had been absolutely speech-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY^ FEBRUARY?. 7,- 1904.
less, but finding himself garlanded
with costly flowers, he became affright
ed, gazing alternately at Tarkington,
the glittering gold in his hand and at
his floral decorations, and clutching
the florist by the arm he whispered,
"Tell me. Is he crazy or am I?"
Jean Gerardy, the famous 'cellist, is
the latest notable addition to Edna
May's long list of fervent admirers. I
hear that the impressionable young mu
sician has given to the fair American
actress a rare old violoncello of beau
tiful quality and tone, which cost him
$2000. and has also paid for six months'
'cello lessons for her, being fondly
convinced that she has other and great
er musical gifts than her voice. Jewels
from an Indian Prince and some valu
able ermines from another titled per
sonage were among her other Christ
mas gifts from this lucky Syracuse
girl's circle.
My Brussels correspondent writes
that the Prince of Looz Corservarcin
has Just been arrested in Brussels for
swindling operations In Paris. Re
tired tradespeople and upper servants
with good savings were his principal
victims, he having succeeded in wring
ing from them about $150,000, as nearly
as the police can estimate. The Prince's
title and his luxurious style of living,
as well as the promise of generous old
age pensions from a fortune of the
Humbert kind, were the bait that lured
the victims to ruin. In 1890, when still
in the divorce court, his Highness made
the acquaintance of a Mrs. Bloomfield,
a rich American widow, whose fortune
he coveted, and he became engaged to
her. Her American shrewdness, how
ever, enabled her to discover the state
of affairs and she declined "a crown
with the paint worn off" and a dam
aged reputation.
At Ghent the Prince picked up at one
of the clubs a young American, the son
of a retired Chicago merchant who haft
died Jn Paris in 1S88, leaving his better
half a handsome fortune. The Prince
made the acquaintance of the lady
through her son and laid siege to her
hand and money bags; but she, too,
escaped him. He then went to Nice,
where he pretended he was' about to
-marry -the -widow ot Prince ; Trqubet—
skoi-Demidoff. To keep Tils creditors
quiet he had to invent various pre
texts to account for the postponement
of the wedding. His matrimonial ad
ventures are for the time cut short,
as he is now s»fely under lock and
key in St. Giles prison, Brussels.
The United States Minister to Bel
gium and Mrs. Lawrence Townsend
were among the special guests invited
by Sir Constantine Phipps, the Eng
lish Minister to Belgium, to the fare
well dinner given to the Papal Nuncio,
Monslgnor Granlto del Belmonte. At
this Brussels dinner the various Min
isters of different countries were all
present with their wives. Madame Go
mez Brandao was also present with her
sister, Mrs. Barton, and considerable
Interest centered around the former
lady, as Sir Constantine Phipps seized
the occasion to present her as his
fiancee. She Is the widow of a resident
of Rio Janeiro, where Sir Constantine
was formerly British Minister, and Is
doubtless well known to Americans
who have stayed there. She is young
and very charming, with lovely fair
hair. She has one little boy.
AMERICANS IX EUROPE.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Stone of Cam
bridge, Mass., spent a few weeks at
Wiltcher's Hotel, Brussels, whither
they went from Paris expressly to
visit Councilor Ehrlich of Chicago, Mrs.
Ehrlich and their son Carl, who is
studying at Cambridge. Mrs. Stone,
who has been some little time in Eu
rope for the education of her younger
daughters, Margot and Amy, is 1 looking
very well, and the two young girls,
who have just turned their hair up,
have won all hearts with their frank
American manners and charming danc
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred H. Munro of
Providence have been staying in Lon
don and have now gone to Oxford,
where Professor Munro, who is profes
sor of European History at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, Is spending some
time In study. Professor Munro is
mapping out his homeward journey to
America by way of Egypt, India, Bur
mah, Ceylon, China, the Philippines,
Japan and the Hawaiian Islands.
Jack Gage Stark of Kansas City is
in Paris living In the Latin quarter
in the midst of American . and French
artists. Mr. Stark Is now engaged in
making a series of drawings of the old
castles of France, treating them in an
excellent and decorative manner. He
has also marked literary ambitions,
and for the purpose of collecting ma
terial for a group of "Cow Puncher"
stories which he Is now about to write,
he worked as a cowboy last summer
both in Old and New Mexico, at the
same time making color sketches which
are to be reproduced In' connection with
the book of stories. When on the At
lantic last September Stark renewed
his acquaintance with Mr. and Mrs.
Booth Tarkington, who were crossing
to England by the same steamer.' ,
Gustav von Schlegell of Minneapolis,
who is working hard at his studio. in
the Latin quarter of Paris, has been
producing such s good work that the
master artists of France are predict
ing for him a brilliant future. Some of
these paintings are to be exhibited In
the spring. Mr. Schlegell is still study-
Ing under Delecluse. Before going to
Paris he studied art in Munich, having
started out from the United States with
his friend. Cushman R. Parker of Wor
cester, Mass.. who has lately, been call
ed to New York to decorate several
large hotels.
Mrs. Robert Welles and Miss Evelyn
Hustad of Pittsburg have, arrived In
London and are staying at the Savoy
I The Young "Woman 'Whose Marriage to Diike of Norfolk Places \ Her in Front of Aristocratic Set
Work in Subways Deadly.
PARIS, Feb. 6.— -Vital statistics
published lately concerning the Paris
Metropolitan are' not likely to encour*
age New Yorkers to seek jobs on Man
hattan's new subway .unless! better
conditions prevail there." The \ figures
show that since the Metropolitan was
established four years ago no' less than
50 per cent of the employes died, were
killed or . left . on account' . of bad
health. ■ ' ■, . '
v — r. — ; «— , ■ . .•
Hotel. Mrs/ Welles and her step
daughter will go to Cannes, where . they
will be' Joined later. In the \ season by
Mr. Frederick Potter of . St." Louis,
whose engagement' to Miss Hustad was
announced a* short time previous to her
departure for 1 England. "
"Freddy" ) Vance \ of Chicago, who , is
In Paris -studying: art,; has/ just I taken
the post of "Massier"-at the Academle
Colarossl ,at the^ evening classes. Mr.
Vance, who " is 'an "excellent- draughts
man, is doing a considerable -amount of
sculpture, holding^ strong views : that
drawing must be improved'by : a* knowN
edge of the otherj branch of art. I- - . i ,
Mr.' A. ;W.";Vofse . of -Philadelphia" is
In Paris "and ■ has* taken; the
of Mr. Lawton .Parker, , the /.famous
teacher./.; The .book -Mr. .Vorse.^ wrote
on hls-returri^fromhls^Arctic expedition
Is much -appreciated ; in ■ Paris,, so , that
the authpr. Is - receiving ' a v warm",,wel
come.wherever;he goes. . ; .. ,
Blumenscheln; * the ■ well knowril illus
trator,' is\ in '.'. Paris ' for fa f short : time.
Later he > intends ."going : to} Rome, both
for" a holiday, and for study "before"; re
turning to New -York, via -England. ~ \
JAPANESE LIKE CANDOR . fi •...:'
OF ' ' YANKEE DIPLOMATS
Minister ' to ' England "• Declares ? the
American' Meth&Js Are Superior -
"to". Those "of 'Europe."
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Viscount Haya-
shi, the Japanese \ Minister to the
Court of StI ' James, ' who H has 'been "
bearing the brunt of the diplomatic
struggle In Europe between Japan. arid
Russia, is a great admirer of;Amerl
can diplomacy. Discussing it his Ex- •
cellency said: ; '
"Americandlplomacy is far superior
to -the; medieval methods which still
prevail with European statesmen.. It
Is frank^arid: always to the- point.': The S
momenta controversy, arises American/^
statesmen : make it clear what the '
American Government wants. The ;
Americans say. frankly c what they, want
and . what* they -Intend J to ■ have. 7
'"What /is; the result? ', They gener
ally ..get .it. f -. If ;they i don't those", op- -
posed' to them , know< the consequences. ,-
There .is no beating about the bush.
There is none, of the delay, ' suspense :
and '"■ consequent loss of business -which
Invariably ) attends ; any diplomatic at
tempt to settle disputes' with V Euro
pean 1 nations.". A . ""■',' ".^v";
Kaiser ) Fond, of I Shakespeare.'
BERLIN, ; Feb.\ 6.— Emperor, Wil
liam Js the' best Shakespearean scholar
in". his . ", court." He ihas . an intimate
knowledge; not only, of ; the . original
English, ] and of " the f splendid . German
translation,' but of the * acting " edition
as well. i . . !
Pages 17 to 20
t : 1 •»
Honors for All American Girls.
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— Ina A. .Milroy,
who passed . the • most .brilliant exam
ination, in Berlin .University, receiv
ing the degree j of .doctor of philoso
phy with double honors— : a distinction
gained by. only one other woman— is
from, Detroit, Mich. V ; ... . ,
She Is the first woman chemist to
obtain a doctor> ■ degree in Germany.
M'ss Milroy was a school teacher in
Sedalla, Mo., in ,1890-98, and" then,
after some further ■- preparation at
home, came to Berlin to study chem
istry.
Great Pictures Are Few.
I PARIS, Feb. . 6.- — The annual exhibi
tion J of ' the | Cercle Volney, : otherwise
known as the Cercle Artlstlque et Lit
eraire, opened this week, and as usual
brought out new. works by such cele
brities , as r Bouguereau, Borinot, Tony
Robert-Fleury. Henner. ( Humbert, Cor
mon,'. Lefebvre'"and . Carolus Duran.
Nothing remarkable or. startling, how
ever, Is to be seen..' Perhaps the hit of
the "show is M*. Carolus Duran's study
of "the nude woman a la Flamande."
Serbia's Monarch Snubbed.
BELGRADE, Feb. 6. — King Peter's
subjects are not inclined to show him'
that. respect which is due a sovereign.
The^ther day, he went with his daugh
ter, \ Princess Helene. to a charity. ball
In Kolaratzhall, which was attenS?d
only, by; junior subaltern officers. ; The
royal visitors were not received. by the
managers. of the -ball,, and the King
was a pathetic figure as he stood alone,
acart and -unnoticed. , : , . .. % ..^
ILLICIT DIAMOND DEAIiERS
SKHAVE T1LEII1 OWN POLICE
"Receivers of Stolen Jewels at Antwerp
Employ 3ien to Shadow Officials
Who May Raid Their Stores.
• LONDON, Feb. 6. — That not the po
lice alone k^eep a "rogues' gallery" is
shown by the amusing experience of
a recent visitor to Antwerp, which city
is now the chief market in Europe for
stolen jewels.
The visitor was taken to a house
used as an office by Illicit diamond
buyers. -In one room he saw a large
collection of photographs, the first to
catch his eye being that of Major Wil
liams of the United States Treasury
"Department at Paris.
v Inquiry revealed the fact that all
Versons of an official character who
were considered dangerous by th« sang
were honored by having their photo
graphs placed In the collection.
Should the original of the photo
graph set foot in Antwerp he would
be Immediately shadowed by secret
police employed by the receivers of
the stolen goods.
Compel Women to Sliare Their Faces.
LONDQN,, Feb. 6. — The authorities
of the St. Petersburg Home in Vienna,
for old men and women, having de
cided that the faces of men and women
should be periodically shaved. 3000
old women.- despite their protests,
have been despoiled of any beard or
mustache they nosaessed, »18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
The official visit to Vasca de Gama
Grove of the United Ancient Order of
Druids during the latter half of Janu
ary was by Noble Grand Arch Beck, ac
companied by Grand Secretary Marti
noni. Grand Treasurer Horn, Grand
Marshal Antonovich and Grand Trus
tees Wedemeyer and Sichel. Three can
didates were initiated, the work being
In the Portuguese language. After the
work there was a banquet, where the
grand officers addressed the members
in English.
The noble grand arch, the grand sec
retary and Grand Trustee Sichel of
ficially visif*d Lincoln Grove, being ac
companied there by a delegation of the
members of the PaSt Arch Association.
There was an exemplification of busi
ness methods and ritualistic work, after
v hich there were addresses for the good
of the grove by the visitors, after which
a collation was erved.
The next visit was to Serpa Pinta
Grove, the grand officers being the no
ble grand arch, grand secretary. Grand
Guardian M. Pozzi and Grand Trustee
Eichel. They were accompanied by Past
Arches Conrad and Wolff and members
of the othev' groves in Oakland and vi
cinity. There six candidates were ini
tiated in the Portuguese language in a
creditable manner. This grove during
December of last year initiated four
teen strangers and received five appli
cations. After the work of the evening
there was a banquet and interesting
talks by the visiting grand officers.
Grutli Grove has taken up its quar
ters in the hall on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, and will meet on the
liret and third Thursdays of each
month.
Fresno Grove has been organized and
ti iiL "resume business at the old stand."
A new and active element has taken
hold of the grove, which had been al
lowed to go to Bleep, and it purposes
making it a live subordinate again.
Past Arch G. P. Codoni. formerly of
Salinas, now a resident of San Luis
Obispo, is assisting "to build up the
grove there.
The noble grand arch started Febru
ary 5 on a two weeks' tour of the south
to officially visit the courts there. The
itinerary includes Modesto, Merced,
Kern City. Los »Angeles. San Diego.
Guadalupe. San Lu*s Obispo. Cayucos,
Cambria and Gilroy.
The degree team of Old Friends'
Grove on the last Friday in January
conferred the third degree in an im
pressive manner on a class of eligibles
for Yosemite, the baby grove of this
city. There was a large attendance, and
after the work and congratulations a
collation was served.
There was a large attendance at the
Focial given by Old Friends' Grove in
Saratoga Hall last Sunday.
Native Daughters.
The following named have been in
etailed as the officers of Las Torrossas
Parlor for the current term: Emelia
Straub, president; Freda Eucking. Alice
Cuneo and Margaret McCarthy, vice
presidents; Lillian MfRiddell, recording
secretary; Bessie Needham, financial
secretary; Cathryn Ryan, marshal;
Elizabeth Reardon. organist; Louise
Koch, treasurer; Minnie Erickson and
llEry O'Donnell, sentinels; Belle But
ters, Minnie Leffermann and Lizzie
Batchia, trustees, and Charlotte Koch,
past president. Anna Lacy, D. D. G.
P., was the installing officer. This par
lor gave its first grand ball in Golden
Gate Hall on the evening of the last
Wednesday in January and it proved to
be a most delightful social function.
So pleased were all who attended that
there was a general request for another
at an early date.
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes was
a visitor to Fremont Parlor at its last
meeting and she was accorded a fra
ternal welcome. During the evening
the officers that have been instructed
by District Deputy Grand President
Agnes Troy of Genevieve Parlor gave
an exemplification of the work and
demonstrated that they are perfect not
only In the ritualistic but m the floor
work and in the manner of balloting.
The visitor delivered a short interesting,
address.
Sarah G. Sanborn of Aloha Parlor of
Oakland gave a dinner at her residence
a few evenings ago to a number of
members of the order. Those at the
table were Junior Past Grand Presi
dent Eliza D. Keith, Grand Secretary
Frakes, Miss Bowman, Dr. Virginia
Derrick. Dr. F. Derrick. Miss Abbie
Sanborn, secretary of the parlor, and
Messrs. Sanborn, father and son.
Genevieve Parlor gave its second an
niversary ball in the South San Fran
cisco Opera-house on the fourth Satur
day In January. There was a large at
tendance, a well arranged programme
of modern dances and excellent music.
This parlor, though distant from the
center of the city, has many visitors,
is doing well and its membership is
harmonious.
Nellie Mulcay, D. D. G. P., Installed
the following named as the officers of
Gabrielle Parlor for the current term:
Dolly Hyms, past president; Eliza
Behrns, president; Ollie Wood, Kath
ryn Wetjen and Carrie Pesante, vice
presidents; Lizette Wetjen, marshal;
Tcnnie Levy, recording, and Alice Mun-
F.in. financial secretary; A. d»oney,
Slattie Hoffman and Bernlce Cerf, trus
ses; Nellie Munroe and Emma Hel
i;ia:i. pentinels; Alice Manning, organ
l~+. and Dr. G. Simon, physician.
After installation the parlor, through
"'»' president, presented the district
• eputy a costly silver meat fork and
the retiring president was presented
a handsome jeweled emblematic pin of
the order. Gabrielle Gress, on behalf
of one of the members, then presented
Past President Mrs. S. Osterman a big
bunch of carnations, after which the
parlor gave her a rising vote of thanks
in recognition of her services during the
last six months.
The ceremonies were followed by a
banquet In the Spreckels Cafe. Pre
vious to the installation Mrs. Sophie
Maun was admitted as a member by
Initiation. The married ladies of this
parlor are planning a high jinks for
the benefit of the unmarried ones., Miss
Burton, a charter member of the par-.
lor, was married last week, making the
third wedding of a member of the par
lor in four months. Cordie Wetjen
Stunenberg left February 1 for Ma
nila to rejoin her husband, who has
been In the Federal service in the Phil
ippines for the last twelve months. This
lady, who is a charter member of the
parlor, paid it a visit during. the latter
part of January and treated all pres
ent to Icecream and calces and bid the
girls good-by.
Darina Parlor will give a theater par
ty in the Alcazar on February 9 in*
aid of the Native Daughters' Home.
Keith Parlor on February 2 gave a
leap year party in Franklin Hall, which
was attended by a large number of
members and many of their friends.
The hall was beautifully decorated,
hearts being the feature of the decora
tions, and each of the girls who was
"heart and fancy free" wore a blood
red heart. The grand march was led
by Eliza D. Keith, J. P. G. P.. and
M. H. Tlllman: There was a cage for
the dete/ition of the men that violated
the leap year rules. Many transgres
sors were placed in "jail," and forced
to remain there until bailed out by*
their fair escorts.
Odd Fellowship.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give a
leap year masquerade in Scottish-
American Hall on the evening of Feb
ruary 12. A number of the large stores
of this city 'have donated prizes for
this occasion, and these will be dis
tributed to those that are the best
dressed, that best carry out the char
acters assumed, and for the most oric
inal characters. It is expected that
this will be one of the most pleasur
able functions of the kind ever given
under the auspices of a Rebekah lodge.
The installation at officers for the
current term in district 5 was con
cluded with the installation of the of
ficers of Templar Lodge on the fourth
Saturday In January. Each lodge
took special pride In decorating Its
hall for the occasion, and it was the
general verdict that in that line, not
to say anything of the ceremonies.
Loyal . Lodge won the greatest credit,
the decorations being the most origi
nal and at the same time most attrac
tive. A citrus scene was represented,
there being green branches every
where, to which were attached hun
dreds of lemons and oranges. The idea
was that of the noble grand, -who fur
nished all the material for the occa
sion. If there had been a prize for the
best decorations Loyal would undoubt
edly have captured it.
There was lots of fun at the ractac
party given by Amity Lodge in its hall
at the end of "Cape Horn" in the Odd
Fellows' building on the last Saturday
in January. 'The attendance was such
that the hall, large as it is. was not
large enough to accommodate those
that desired to gain admission. The
programme presented was an enjoy
able one, and the fun was fast and
furious. This lodge has appointed a
member as chairman of the committee
on social entertainment who purposes
keeping the lodge engaged socially dur
ing the present term.
The officers of Templar Rebekah
Lodge were installed on the fourth
Saturday In January by District Dep
uty of the California Assembly, Flora
Bergman, assisted by the grand mar
shal and her staff of officers. The new
officers are: Mrs. H. W. Osthoff. past
noble grand; Grace M. Bray, noble
grand; Maude Dennett, vice grand;
Cora Gabrielle, recording . secretary;
Anna M. Derning. treasurer; Dora'
Baker, chaplain; Jennie Simmons,
warden; Edna Cunard, conductor;
Mary Holes and Mrs. O. Gould, guards;
Bessie D. Muriroe, and Lottie Carson,
supporters to noble grand; Lottie Wil
liams and Madelaine Young, support- 1
ers to vice grand. After the Installa
tion the retiring noble grand, Mrs. Os
thoff, was presented a beautiful collar,
and in the presentation the fact that
Templar Lodge, during Mrs. Osthoff's
term, had made the greatest gain in
membership, was most favorably com
mented upon. The retiring past noble
grand was presented a beautiful dia
mond set jewel, and the incoming no
ble grand, a very popular young lady,
was. by her friends, presented a gold
watch as a token of affection. Then
followed the presentation of many
flowers to all the officers.
Walhalla, the German Rebekah
Lodge of this city, will attend a leap
year party on the evening of Thurs
day. February 25. On that occasion
there will be an Interesting programme
of entertainment, and a feature will
be dancing by little Fanny Gutman,
the pet of Walhalla Lodge.
American Foresters.
Supreme Chief Ranger John T. Kel
ley, -.fter a pleasant visit in k an Fran
csco a; 1 vicinity, left for his home Sn
New Jersey on. February * intending
■r> stcr>. on his way, via thj southern
route, at '"an Jose and other points
along the line/t<T"vIsit courts of tin
order in the principal places between
the .last named- city and San. Diego.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
He was accompanied by Grand Chief
Ranger Gabriel, Grand Secretary
Cordy and Jacob Label, editor of the
American Forester Review, on all the
visits he made up to the date men
tioned.
In San Francisco he was an observer
at the class initiation, when more than
200 strangers were initiated; a guest
at the grand ball that was attended by
4000 people, and the guest of honor at
a banquet, where he was given a hand
some case of California silverware as
a souvenir. He was also presented an
Invitation to the banquet engraved on
a silver plate. He was waited on at
his hotel by a committee from Court
Washington that showed its apprecia
tion of his visit by presenting him a
beautiful match safe bearing the em-
Wem of the order on one side and the
coat of arms of the State on the other.
He was tendered a great welcome at
Sacramento, Stockton, Haywards and
Santa Rosa. He also visited Oakland.
At each of the places except the last
named he was made the recipient of a
token of fraternal love and at each
place he visited he spoke to those who
received and entertained him. He
leaves the State with a most exalted
opinion of the hospitality of the peo
ple, the American Foresters in partic
ular, and of the State and predicts for
It a most glorious future.
The fifth annual entertainment and
dance given by Junior Court Pride of
the Golden West No. 3. F. of A., in
the Shiels building in the latter part
of January was well attended and
proved a very pleasant affair. After
an overture by an orchestra, there
were remarks appropriate' to the occa-.
sion by I. Rothman, chairman of the
evening; songs, instrumental selec
tions, recitations and monologues, con
tributed by Viola Gibson, K. Sills,
Miss D. Lansberger, J. Epstein, Grace
Rotholtz and Miss M. Bartlett. The
dancing was under the direction of
Floor Manager M. Cook and Lysle
Stern, his assistant. The committee of
arrangements was made up of S.
Blumenthal. R. Gardner, G. Gordon,
S. Weintrub, G. Gardner, H. Lansberg
and A. Springer.
Grand Trustees' Daniel Teare and J.
W. Emerick visited Winters last week
and witnessed the Initiation of flfty
two candidates In the court there.' The
event was the cause for the assem
blage of a large number of members
from the courts in the. vicinity. After
the work there was an entertainment
and a banquet, which was the event
of the winter season In that place. The
class was secured by Grand Trustee
Emerick, who is a, special -brganlzer.
Grand Trustee* Teare has had many
compliments paid him for the most
admirable address on benevolence he
delivered at the banquet tendered to
Supreme Chief Ranger Kelly recently.
He was publicly complimented by
Franklin K. Lane, Edward I. Wolfe,
Chief Wlttman and John Heenan, P. G.
C. R. ■ -•.".' ■;;-.':'
Maccabees.
The following named were installed
by State Commander S. W. Hall as
officers of San Francisco Tent of the
Knights of the Maccabees for the cur
rent term: Chester Smithj past com
mander; Isadore Gurmendez, comman
der; C. J. Lenzen. lieutenant comman
der; D. B. Richards, R. K. ; Theq Fro
lich, F. K.; E. V. Holllngsworth, chap
lain; I. W. Story, sergeant; Dr. R. N.
Murphy, master at arms; Dr. C. S.
Cavanaugh, first M. of G.; George A.
Stevens, second M. of G.; Nordlen
Kn'udsen, sentinel; W. B. Greenberg,
picket; Dr. WlllIam\D. Clark, medical
examiner; G. V. Leroi, scribe; J. H.
Whlteslde. armorer.
The Installing officers were assisted by
the members of the San Francisco divi
sion of the Uniform Rank, Captain C.
Seeley commanding. After the Instal
lation the division gave a fancy drill
exhibition, which was well received,
particularly the formation In living let
ters of the Initials of the order. The
PET OF WALHALLA LODGE,
v< AND WELL-KNOWN FRA
TERNAL PEOPLE.
Maccabee Zither and Mandolin Club
gave instrumental selections and the
State commander delivered an address.
During the evening the retiring com
mander, Chester Smith, was presented
a beautiful jewel of . his rank in ap
preciation of past services.
Division No. 3, U. R.,- will give its
second annual ball in Golden Gate Hall
February 22. The details will be ar
ranged by Lieutenant G. V. Leroi, Ser
geant Lenzen and Sir Knights Smith,
Yeasell and Brown.
The Unifornj Rank of the Maccabees
has signed a memorial to Congress ask
ing that it be, recognized by the Presi
dent of the United States as a stand
ing fraternal reserve.
Captain C. E. Montgomery, a member
of Golden West Tent, and commanding
Golden West Division No. 13, Uniform
Rank, has been elected major of the
Third Battalion, Twelfth Regiment,
vice H. L. Tickner, promoted to colonel
and aide-de-camD.
Inspections are. being held at this
time In the several divisions of the
Uniform Rank under the direction of
Colonel J. L. Jones of Los Angeles,
commanding the Twelfth Regiment.
Oakland Division No. 11 was inspected
by Captain Seeley of San Francisco and
Captain Nickerson of Oakland Inspected
San Francisco Division No. 3 and Gold
en West Division No. 13, both of San
Francisco. * . .
Knights of Pythias.
San Leandro Company of the Uniform
Rarlk of the Knights of Pythias was
mustered in during the latter part of
•January by Brigadier General C/F.
McGlashan, assisted by members of his
staff and other officers and members of
the Uniform Rank. A. J. Lloyd was
elected captain •/ J. E. de Mont, first
lieutenant; M. A. Silya, second- lieu
tenant, and J. W. Buien, recorder.
, Liberty Company of West Oakland is
making arrangements to celebrate ' its
twentieth anniversary of institution by
a grand social event in Maple Hall.
The fortieth anniversary , of the
founding of the order will be celebrated
jointly by Dlrigo Lodge and East Oak
land Temple In Pythian' Hall, Oakland,
February 23.
Grand Chancellor B. V. Sargent an
nounces official visits during February
as follows:
Februarys, Santa; Barbara, . Castle
Rock No. 151; February 9,. Ventura,
Buena No. February 10, Santa Bar
bara, Santa Barbara No. 25 ; February
11, Carpenterla, Seaside No. 64 ; Febru
ary 12, Oxnard, Oxnard No. 10 (special");
February 13,* Santa Paula, Santa Paula
No.; 6* (special); February 15, Arroyo
Grande, Arroyo Grande -No. 160;" Feb
'ruary 16, San Luis Obispo, Park No. 40
(special) ; ' February j 17, Lompoc, Lom
poc No. 57: _ February 18, Nlpomo, Nip
omo No. 164; February 19, Santa Maria,
Santa Maria No. 90 (special); February
20, Santa Ynez, Santa ;Ynez No. 212.
* SanV Francisco\ Company No.'] 561 of
the U. R.' will have a masquerade at
Saratoga Hall' February 19.'
Golden Gate " Temple of the Rath
. ■ " -■". ■ . v . >,' ;• .
bone Sisters will give a ball in its hall
in the Pythian Castle February 13.
'Damocles Lodge of Winters will
'celebrate an anniversary of its insti
tution on February 19.
Eschscholtzia Temple, R. S., is ar
ranging for a grand ball in Golden
Gate Hall February 15.
Grand Chief Maude B. Sheehan of
the R. S. .will make official visits as
follows: ' February 9, to Eschscholt
zia Temple, San Francisco; February
10. to University Temple, Berkeley.
On February 3 she visited Cardinal
Temple in Palo Alto and on the 6th
she was with Mizpah Temple of San
Jose.
Native Sons.
The following named were installed
as officers of Mission, Parlor, of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West for the
current term by William P. Johnson.
D. D. G. P.: C. W. Mark, past presi
dent; H. L. A. Maas, president; N. W.
Hall, first vice president; • T. K. Mc-
Carthy, second vice president; A. S.
Groth, 'third vice president: L. W.
Schmltt, marshal; George S. Long Jr.,
recording secretary; D. W. Erwln,
financial secretary; John Porcher.
treasurer; F. H. Yunker, trustee;
George Muller, Inside sentinel; T. H.
Erwin, outside sentinel; Fred Waite,
historian.
Considerable Interest is being taken
in the approaching minstrel show and
dance which the members of Pacific
Parlor No.. 10, N. S. G. W.. are going
to give in Native Sons' Hall February
15. Pacific Parlor has- some very
clever talent, and this entertainment
promises to eclipse anything of this
kind ever'given. John F. Cannon, "the
big gun," Is directing the show, and
the talent meet semi-weekly at his
command. William H. Langdon will
be the interlocutor for the show.
Among those who are going to take
part are: Dr. T. A. Rottanzi. Charles
E. SIngley, W. G. Bedoln, D. C. Deasy,
H. de Courcy, O. Schoenvvald. James
A. Black. H. L. Auger. G. A. Marshall.
Dr. J. I. Richards, W. J. Locke. D.
McArron, J. E. Barriklo, J. F. Sheehan.
D. J. Sheehan, E. Clawson. W. Shines,
B. Jusdon, Frank I. Gonzales. E. Ho
gan and C. Newman. The committee
in charge is composed of T. P. Martin,
chairman; George G. Fraser, secretary
treasurer; G. A. Marshall, J. F. Can
non, J. F. Sheehan and J. A. Black.
A number of the members of Pacific
Parlor were delightfully entertained by
Terry P. Martin at his home. 201 Cen
tral avenue, last week, and the fol
lowing night the same party was en
tertained by W. G. Bedoln.
Eastern Star.
' The grand matron paid an official
visit to Golden Gate, the mother
chapter.ylast week, and she was giv
en a most cordial reception. There
was an exhibition of the work of the
order by -Worthy Matron Dr. Amy
Florence Temple and her corps of of
ficers and it was' so creditably per
formed that " many complimentary
words were spoken by the grand ma
tron and other visitors, of whom there
were many. During the evening the
chapter presented the visitor as a
souvenir of the occasion and token of
fraternal love a handsome crystal rose
bowl.' ■
Harmony Chapter at its last meet-
Ing had seven candidates for initiation
Into :the mysteries of the order. The
work was exceedingly well rendered,
each vying with the other in render^
ing it perfectly.
. King Solomon Chapter at its first
meeting In February., after 'a short
business 'session,' had a social evening
arranged by a committee, cf which
Mrs. Ida B. SDence was the chairman.
A feature of the : programme was the
rendition of several -vocal selections
by .; a\ quartet of ladies.* There "were
many numbers that were: pleasing and
entertaining, these being " vocal and
instrumental^ selections and. literary
efforts. The programme was followed
by hospitality on the part of the chap
ter and then dancing. The affair was
exceedingly well planned and carried
out and many were the compliments
paid to the committee and particular
ly to the* chairman.
The officers of Almona Chapter of
Walnut Creek were installed last week
by the grand patron.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
Mlzpah Court of the Tribe of Ben Hur
at its last meeting had a good attend
ance, and during the evening several
applications for membership were pre
sented. On the night of February 1 this
court will give a social In Its hall In the
Odd Fellows' building, when a very In
teresting programme will be presented
by the committee in charge.
After the installation of the officers
of Oakland Court No. 6 by Past Chief
E. Fritsch and an interesting address
by Dr. A.' S. Kelly, the new chief, sev
eral candidates were initiated, and after
the termination of the work there was
a social hour and the serving of re
freshments. THis court is preparing a
new set of by-laws.
The officers of Ben Hur Court No. 12
of Oakland were Installed at the last
meeting in the presence of a large num
ber of members and visitors from Oak
land Court No. 6. The ceremony of in
stallation was followed by dancing, and
during intermission a collation was
served.
Mizpah Court of San Francisco will
have several candidates to initiate at
its next meeting. The sociaj given by
that court on February 1 was well at
tended by members and strangers that
enjoyed the hospitality of the court
and became acquainted with its objects.
There was dancing until a late hour.
The affair was under the direction of
Dr. Edward Broad, Mesdames Hedges,
Mughler and Peckham and Mr. Day.
E. Fritsch of Oakland Court la a
prominent candidate for the office of
supreme representative.
Alvy D. Hawley. deputy supreme
chief organizer, spent a few days in
Sacramento to assist Banner Court
there last week, and a result was the
initiation of 230 strangers.
The Independents.
The officers of Court Observatory of
San Jose and those fcf the companion
court of the same place were jointly
installed by Deputy Supreme Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart in the presence
of more than 250 persons, after which
there was a ball and during the inter
mission in the dancing a sumptuous
supper was served.
The following named have been In
stalled by G. Q. Stewart, D. S. C. R..
assisted by J. H. Nash, high auditor,
as supreme marshal, as the officers of
Court Golden Gate: W. L. White, court
deputy; Dr. W. E. Stevens, physician;
J. J. Delaney, chief ranger; A. S.
Young, vice chief ranger; G. W. Kuss,
recording secretary; J. E. Emmons,
financial secretary; A. H. Wilde, treas
ure^ E. N. Beard, orator; W. R.
Chambers and O. Sporgeon. wood
wards; C. Stern and G. M. Osborne,
beadles, and J. P. Murphy, past chief
ranger.
The officers of Court Yerba Buena
and Companion Court Yerba Buena
were installed last week for the cur
rent term and at the close of the cere
monies there were addresses by Deputy
Supreme Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart
and President Murphy of the board of
deputies, after which Court Physician
H. M. Beck, on behalf of the men's
court, presented to Chief Ranger J. W.
Keller, who has filled the chair for
two terms, a diamond-set jewel of the
order as a mark of appreciation of his
work for the court. Then followed an
entertaining programme of varied
numbers and dancing for an hour.
The Red Men.
Modoc Tribe of the I. O. R. M. has
arranged for a grand masquerade ball
to be given in Native Sons' Hall on
March 12. , The committee in charge
is composed* of George Van Glahan,
Porter L. Bliss. Henry F. Heinze, Maf- X
tin V. Swager and M. T. Alllman.
Great Representative Lastreto is now
in Byron Springs and' has so far re
covered from his serious illness that in
a week or so he will be able to> "re
sume the hunt." x
Wallipl Tribe's adoption team con
ferred the degree on fifty- four strange
palefaces February 1 In the wigwam
"of Calumet Tribe for that new subor
dinate. There was a large attendance*
of members of the order to witness the
ceremony, and Dr. M. C. Troppmarin,
x the prophet of the new tribe and or
ganizer thereof, was delighted to- see
such a large class added to the organ
ization. On February 8 the warriors'
degree will be conferred on these newly
adopted brothers by the team of Alta
homas Tribe, and the chiefs' degree will
be. conferred on them by the team of
Pocahontas Tribe-on February 15.
' Ouray TribVbf San Jose has organ-
lzed an adoption degree team, ■which is
being instructed by Captain Buzzlo.
Royal Arcanum.
During his trip to the Southland
and visits to the councils there Grand
Regent Gus Gunzendorfer was re
ceived wherever he went with a most
cordial welcome and discovered in
each . subordinate a greater spirit of
enthusiasm than has existed for many
years. "He visited, in company with
other grand officers resident in that
section of the jurisdiction, California'
Elysian and other councils and wher
ever he went he was made the guest
of honor at some social function^ after
he had examined into the work and
delivered at each place an address, cal
culated to encourage the members in
the work of expanding the order. In
a -number of places visited there were
open meetings after the business of the
official visit On the occasion of the
grand regent's visit to Elysian Coun
cil the members pledged themselves
to increase the membership in such
numbers as to retain the Grand Coun
cil banner, despite the- best efforts
made in other directions to secure It.
Woodcraft.
There was a large attendance In the
hall of Golden Gate Circle of the "Wo
men of Woodcraft in the Shlels build-
Ing last week, to witness the installa
tion of officers by Mrs. J. W. Staneart,
deputy grand guardian neighbor, as
sisted by the celebrated team of the
circle, commanded by Miss Allie Per
rin. The ceremony in the. hall was
most impressive and the floor work
was perfect. The new officers are Mary
Mackel. past guardian neighbor; An
nie Prowse, guardian neighbor; The
resa Casinelli, advisor; Agnes King,
magician; Elizabeth Hansen, attend
ant; Sadie Davis, musician; Lizzie
Kamenna, clerk; Lillie Meredith, bank
er; Lottie Ferguson, captain of the
guards; Neighbor Clark and Jennie
Farrant, sentinels. Mrs. Mackel, the
retiring guardian neighbor, was pre
sented many beautiful flowers by the
officers that served with her and by
the other members. After the cere
mony and a number of short congrat
ulatory addresses there was dancing
for more than an hour.
National Union.
At the annual meeting of the San
Francisco Cabinet of the National
Union the following named were elect
ed officers for the current year: H. W.
Maass, president; Joseph A- Wilson,
vice president; W. K. Wneelock,
speaker; F. J. Rumpf, chaplain; Ed
Dillon Jr., secretary; W. W. Healey,
treasurer; J. R. McGufflck, usher;
Frank Bell, sergeant, and H. Baum.
doorkeeper. A. K. Kingsford was
was elected a new member of the
board of trustees.
On the last Thursday In January
the members of the San Francisco
Cabinet were the guests of Columbia
Assembly No. 1. Ladles of the National
Union, at its first social. There was a
fine programme of entertainment,
after which there was a banquet par
taken of by nearly 200 persons.
Pacific Council will give a dancing
party in Golden Gate Hall on the even
ing of February 12.
Knights of Honor.
During the last week the officers of
Yosemite Lodge of the Knights of
Honor were installed by Grand Dic
tator Archibald, assisted by Grand
Reporter "Johnstone and Grand Vice
Dictator Lampe.
The officers of Iceland Stanford Lodge
were installed by the grand dictator,
assisted by other grand officers.
| The grand dictator and the grand re
porter installed the officers of Friend
ship Lodge.
.District Deputy Grand Dictator E.
A. A. Summers, assisted by Grand
Reporter Johnstone and Fritz Palm
of Liberty Lodge, installed the officers
of Keystone Lodge.
Last week Los Angeles Lodge In tho
city of that name gave a pleasing en
tertainment to Its friends and the pro
gramme was followed by a dance.
Grand Fraternity.
San Francisco Lodge of the Grand
Fraternity, formerly the United Mod
erns, at its last meeting in Elks' Hall
initiated six candidates.
\ California Lodge has moved from
the A. O. F. building to Balboa Hall
in the Native Sons' building and on
the fourth Monday in January had a
house warming. Prior to the enter
tainment there was the installation of
the oflBcers for the current term by
Supreme Representative S. C. Wallis.
after which there, were addresses of
congratulation upon moving into
bright and cheerful quarters, tho
principal speakers being the supreme
representative and F. H. Jackson.
Then followed a social hour, the serv
ing of refreshments and a game of
progressive whist.
Modern Woodmen.
At the last meeting of Goodfellow
ship Camp of the Modern Woodmen of
America there was a good attendance.
Two strangers were adopted and thr,ee
applications for membership filed. The
camT> resolved itself into a sick benefit
camp, but it is optional with the mem
bers whether they, join the sick de
partment or not
Deputy H.' V. Rees^or some tlma
Identified with the order in this city,
has gone to Los Angeles to take charge
of the organization In that section of
the State.
The camp in Santa Rosa, called Gold
en West, gave a social to.lts members
and friends last week, and during the
rendition of an excellent programme of
entertainment J. O. Davis delivered a
pleasing and Interesting address on the
subject of Woodcraft as exemplified by
this r;der.WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
MIES SARAH TRUAX. THE ACTRESS, IS MYSTIFIED AT THE APATHY SHOWN IN SAN FRANCISCO TO
WARD "THE ETERNAL CITY." THE DRAMA THAT HAS BEEN SO TREMENDOUSLY SUCCESSFUL IN
THE PRINCIPAL CITIES OF THE EAST.
If the artist and I had arrived there
at the same time, as per prior arrange
ment. Miss Sarah Truax would have
been deprived of one hearty laugh and
w« would have missed the enjoyment
of hearing It. But the artist's punc
tuality placed him 5n h?r presence sev
eral minutes ahead of me, and when I
tapped the door the laugh had been
provoked and was in full blast.
Still, I did not regret my dilatoriness.
It would have been cruelty to withhold
fn.m the leading woman of "The Eter
ral City" company temptation to
laugh. Hers* is not the gurgling giggle
of green girlhood, nor the teetering tit
ter of discreet spinsterhood, nor yet
the unctuous, silent Jellying of the
•well-rounded matron. It is the laugh
« bullient and luxurious that springs
like a flash from 6oul to lips and il
lumes eyes and countenance ere it ex
plades In ringing peals. Its Infection
reached me throuph an inch of Ore
pon pine and had me grinning like an
Idiot when the lady opened her parlor
<Joor and courteously chuckled invita
tion to enter.
"It was something your friend
said," she explained, nodding toward
the #rtist, who sat in a corner and du
plicated my grin.
"Very funny? I inquired, taking
brother corner. ''•''.,:'■
"Well. I think so." she replied. "We
were chatting along nicely when he
suddenly asked if I was much troubled
by— oh, dear! Ha! ha! ha!"
"Fleas?" I ventured, and the artist
glared reproach.
" "No— reporters!" she shouted, and
again the welkin rang. "I thought he
was zoiag to Bay fleas (the artist look
•1 pain%d) because several persons
we ask*d me if fleas bothered me.
ct the idea of an actress — an/ actress,
.'.r.tl you— being 'much troubjed by re
' riers' is what tickles — "
•Almost as much as fleas?" put in
the artist, and Yin looked relieved when
the lady laughed again.
"I have never seen a preventive of
interviewing advertised," ehe resumed,
"and if there were such a specific on
the market I'm eure it would find few
purchasers among theater folk. Being
interviewed is the least of my affilc
.tions. at any rate, and it may please
you gentlemen to be assured that this
visit is not an intrusion. But what do
you want me to talk about — shop?"
"Tell us how you are enjoying San
Francisco," I suggested.
"I am enjoying every minute of it-
San Francisco is particularly dear to
roe because I became a bride here.
Maybe you remember the wedding that
Easter Sunday morning seven years
Afo? Ko? Well, there was enough of
the event printed and pictured to make
it memorable to more than the two
persons chiefly concerned."
"Who was the other person?"
"Guy Bates Post. We were members
of the Otis Skinner company, then
playing at the Baldwin Theater. Our
betrothal was kept very quiet, and
until we arrived at the church— St.
John's Episcopal — we thought that only
a few of our confederates would be
there to see us united. But instead
we found the edific* fairly packed
with people, and subsequently we dis
covered that the morning papers had
unearthed and exposed the conspiracy.
So there we were with no less distin
guished a musician than Clarence
Eddy presiding at the organ and Mrs.
Saunders, the veteran actfess, mother
ing me. and Otis Skinner giving me
away to Mr. Post, and Mr. Eddy play
ing the 'Lohengrin*, wedding march,
and the throng of women fairly crush-
Ing my husband and me with floral of
ferings and congratulations. If the
scene Had been enacted yesterday it
couli not be mOJ-e plainly in my vision.
Why shouldn't San Francisco be dear
"My husband, too, has only the kind
liest recollections of San Francisco. We
have often talked of our wedding day
and the many new friends it brought
us. This is my first return to the dear
old city, and Mr. Post never came back.
He is acting in New York and can re
main there as long as he lives, so well
do the Gothamites like him." : .
"And what have you been doing since
you went away a bonnie bride?"
"All kinds of dramatic work. I had
spent three years with the Skinner
company playing such roles as Pauline
and Portia when my husband and other
well-wishers advised me to enter a field
that would afford a more diversified
range of characterization. 'You have
mastered the technique,' they said, 'and
you have proved capability to carry ro-*
mantle parts. Now you must branch
out and get experience In more natural
roles.' So I went Into stock and stuck
to it, mostly in Plttsburg, until I had
played almost every character, from a
latter-day boy to Juliet. I have been a
singing soubrette, and my old women
won compliments from the critics.
After the gamut had been run, so to
speak, I rested for a year in New York;
visiting my husband and attending lec
tures, concerts, operas, plays and social
parties. That was a well-spent twelve
month. It strengthened me physically
and broadened me. Intellectually. For
nine years my time had been divided
between hotels aiyJ theaters and my as
sociates were, stage folk, 80 it did -me
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. FEBRUARY 7, 190-1.
incalculable good In an educational way
to mingle with the public and be a part
of it, sharing its emotions and studying
its tastes at close range." <•
"Yet you returned to the stage."
"Oh, I don't dislike the stage. It is
the center of all my hopes and ambi
tions, and I couldn't live in any other
occupation despite the fact that neces
sity first drove me to it. I was in train
ing for a musical career — learning piano
and voice — when my father became an
invalid, and the duty of contributing to
the family's support devolved .upon me.
Mother had always believed I was bet
ter qualified for dramatic than musical
expression, and when the bread-and
butter question confronted us It was she
who persuaded Mr. Skinner to enlist
me in his company. I have never re
gretted that hour. Stage work is weari
some at times, especially on a tour like
this one of 'The Eternal City,' and if
one were to think of nothing but its
shadow's and ignore Its lights the life
would be unendurable."
"What are your, compensatory
phases?" '
"One of them is constant realization
of what a big art is that of acting.
Another is the thought that I am
steadily getting nearer 'to the goal of
my ambition. In trying moments I find
solace, in the reflection that through
tortured patience and arduous work I
am approaching consummation of my
life desire." j «
"And that is?"
I "To be a first-class artist; to be an
actress whose acting is absolutely
natural and convincing. You have
seen Mrs. Fiske and Duse? They are
great artists. Friends who would not
be so cruel as to buoy me up w'ith
false hope have said that my aspira
tion is more than possible of attain
ment; that I possess the requisite
physical, intellectual and tempera
mental, qualifications. With such an
equipment, then, wouldn't I be un
true to myself and to all I hold dear
on earth if I' did not strive to develop
the best that is in me? It is remem
brance of the faith of tried and true
friends that sustains me through
trials that most women would bend
under." My husband is my severest
critic and most considerate adviser.
Much of whatever* art I possess is ow
ing to # his watchful interest in my ad
vancement. I- followed his sugges
tions while we were together, and
while away from him I fashion my
work-as I think he would desire."
"Does your role in "The Eternal City*
bring you nearer co the goal?" ;..
"I'm glad you thought 1 of asking
that The Eternal City" is a magnif-
Icent melodrama and the character I
portray, Roma, is perforce placed in
some rather strained situations. My
effort is to make Roma appear nat
ural always, and when you remember
some' of those situations you will
acknowledge that my* task Is not an
easy one. How well I succeed in
maintaining her* consistency only
those who witness the performance
can judge. We actors cannot see our
selves as others see us, you know,"
"You succeed so well that Roma
stands out a true figure in an artificial
environment, like a genuine brilHant
in "a papier mache setting." . \
"She does not appear incongruous,
I hope?"
"No; she merely accentuates the in
congruity of the sham setting."
"Thank you,'/ said Miss Truax.
"Now can you explain why San Fran
cisco takes less kindly to 'The Eternal
City* than has any other big city we
have played in?"
I thought "The Eternal City" had
made the proverbial "financial and
artistic^ hit" in San Francisco "and I
told her so.
j "If you think that," said M^s Tru
ax, "you ought to have seen the great
business and enthusiasm that reward
ed us in New York and Chicago."
"Perhaps," I deploringly conjec
tured, "the play is too heavy a' draft
on our intellectual resources."
"Nothing of the sort," was the
prompt and emphatic contradiction.
"I know that* San Francisco's intellec
tuality will compare favorably with
that of any city in the United
States — " .
1 "Including Boston?"
"Excluding nothing; and I know also
that 'The Eternal City' is not too pro
found s "of motive nor too complex of
plot for any ordinary intellect to com
prehend. As for the acting, I need
only state that Mr. Bangs and I ar^
the only members of the present com
pany who were not in the original cast.
The play, as I have said, is a magnifi
cent melodrama with a superb musical
accompaniment by one of the greatest
modern composers. Why, then, should
it find San Francisco comparatively un
appreciative?" ,
I thought of several possible reasons
befpre I advanced any. The location
of the California Theater might have
something to do with it, or th'e quality
of the average offering at that play
house might be partly responsible.
"We succeeded 'The Fatal Wedding'
at the California, and I understand we
are to be succeeded by Murray and
Mack," said Miss Truax, musingly;
"but even being sandwiched like that
does not fully clear up the mystery."
Then the artist chipped in. He re
marked that several years ago E. J.
Morgan, now featured on the posters
and in the newspapers as "the main
squeeze" of the Hall Caine play, had
strutted with Tim Frawley to popular
prices in a theater soutir of Market
street — and mightn't that fact wholly
or In part sorve -the -problem? If the
query was heard by the lady she ap
parently did not deem it entitled to
consideration, for she quickly said:
"It does seem queer that the syndi
cate — the shrewd, far-seeing syndicate
— should have placed 'The Eternal City'
in the California and filled in time at
the Columbia with a musical comedy.
In other cities the attractions that ap
peal to culture and dignity are always
booked for the theater that professes to
cater to culture and dignity."
Then we drifted into discussion of
stars that have stayed and stars that
have waned. The extinguishment of. so
many new stellar lights this season
was charitably criticized by Miss
Truax.
"It has been an unprecedentedly dis
astrous season for ail sorts of amuse
ment enterprises," she said, "and the
fact that several new stars, have briefly
flickered and then expired is not accept
able as proof of their inability to blaze
under ordinary conditions. I , believe
that the basic cause of the slump in
theatricals lies somewhere in Wall
street, but I am not enough of a finan
cier to detect Its exact location. The
Chicago holocaust did not tend to
avert the collapse, and overproduction
ot worthless attractions certainly
helped it."
"Have you ever tried starring?" I
asked.
"Oh, dear, yes. For two consecutive
weeks I played the title part of 'Lady
Godiva' in New York, and the the
ater was packed at every perform
ance. Previously made contracts that
could Rot be canceled then compelled
thi* house management to oust us,
and we found that the play was too
big a thing to bring profits on the
road. It was a great spectacular pro
duction, with many' historical char
acters."
'~yas Peeping Tc .: r.rr.ong them?"
"He vczb merely suggested."
"And the lady's ride through ..Co
ventry town?"
" MIps Truax hesitated. The artist
perked up and evinced professional in
terest.
"I saw a picture once.," he began,
"and the lady's hair was her only
cov — "
"Much of the actucl story was sug
gested," Miss Truax hastily exclaim
ed; "but the entire production was
beautiful."
"It ought to. go well nowadays, while
the popular taste is running to the—
the spectacular," I stammered.
,"Oh, I don't know about that>* said
Miss Truax, apparently eager to get
away from Coventry. "Nobody can
tell what the public does want. So
far as I can Judge from careful investi
tion comic opera and musical comedy
lavishly produced have .had their
vogue, the problem play is played. out,
exaggerated, melodrama is losing its
grip and vaudeville is wilting."
"Then nothing is doing well?"
"Nothing is doing so well as clean
ccmedy and 'atmosphere* drama. They
have scored the only enduring successes
in New York this' season, and if . I, were
a play writer they are the only, things
I would attempt. . Kyrle Bellew is
drawing big money In 'Raffles,' the
comedy \' written by Richard Harding
Davis. Success has crowned George
Ade's play, 'The : County Chairman.'
because it . is full of homely 'atmos
phere.' and the same, may \ be said of
•The Virginian,' the dramatization of
Owen Wister's ; sketches of . the Wyom
ing cattle country. My husband is in
the cast, of !The Virginian* and I am
interested enough in the play to have
found nut. .that its charm lies in Ha
characterization. They are all cow
cemp characters, not drawn as the
dime novelist who has never been west
of the Alleghanies draws them, but as
men and women whose actions are
prompted by pretty much the same hu
man, impulses that regulate more gen
teel* society. "They do not shoot re
volvers indiscriminately nor | whoop
without provocation,' but deplore un
necessary bloodshed and converse
quietly.,. In the whole drama there is
not one intense situation. It is the
prairie 'atmosphere', that crowds the
theater 'with the best class of New
York's people."
"Then you will probably revisit us
as the heroine of an atmospheric
drama?"
"My immediate future is not decided.
I will remain with 'The Eternal City*
until it ■ restores me to the Atlantic
Coast, and then I may either sign for
a second season or try something elfee.
I have not relinaulshed hope of reviv
ing 'Lady Godiva.' The play was writ
ten for me by a New York critic and
we are corresponding as to the feasibil
ity of diminishing its cost of production
without Impairing its dramatic worth.
So it is not beyond the range of pos
sibility that I may come back to San
Francisco as a.star."
The" artist looked gratified.
"Here's hoping that you will come
back soon," I said to Miss Truax.
"Here's hoping with you," said Mis3
Truax to me.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
THEATER OFFERINGS
FOR PRESENT WEEK
ARE RATHER VARIED
The Weber & Fields all-star cast
company, will begin a two weeks' en
gagement at the Grand Opera-house
to-morrow night.
"Alexander the Great" is the new
play In which Louis James and Fred
erick Warde will appear at the Colum
bia Theater for two weeks, commenc
ing to-morrow.
* * *
t Murray and Mack, the Irish come
dians, will begin a week's engagement
this, afternoon at the California, In
their musical comedy, "A Night on
Broadway."
The Alcazar will on Monday offer
the fantastic French farce "The Gay
Parisians."
• * *
"Roly Poly," a new musical farce by
Will Carleton and Lee Johnson, will be
started on a run at Fischer's Theater
to-morrow night.
At the Central Theater an elaborate
production of Sutton Vane's melo
drama, "In Sight of St. Paul's," is an
nounced for to-morrow night and all
the week.
"When • Johnny Comes Marching
Home" will have another week at the
Tivoli.
• • •
Several new and attractive acts are
to be put on at the Orpheum this after
noon.
* * «
The Chutes will offer a revised vaude
ville bill to-morrow evening.
IN MUSIC'S REALM
THERE IS GOSSIP
TO INTEREST ALL
A letter from Felix Mottl, in which
he makes known that he had nothing
whatever to do with the New York
"Parsifal" performance, has apperaed
in various German papers.
Leoncavallo's "Roland von Berlin"
was to have- been performed In Berlin
the last of March, but the premiere will
now have to be postponed owing to the
renovation of the Royal Opera-house.
Another new opera, "Alpenko'enig and
Menschenfeind," by Leo Blech, was
given for the first time with good suc
cess in Leipsic.
Gluck's "Iphigenia in Aulis," with
changes and improvements by Richard
Strauss, has been given in Magdeburg.
• • *
'■ W. J. Henderson, the well known
music critic, writing of "Parsifal" in
The Theater Magazine for February,
says: "At each disclosure the opera
house has been crowded with a curi
ous throng, maAIe up partly of habit
ual music drinkers, partly of people
who regard it as their duty to find
out what's going on in town, and part
ly of deluded curiosity seekers from
Harlem, Hoboken. and way stations,
all filled with a faith in the statements
of press agents, * critics .afflicted with
Wagneromanla and hysterical ladles
who once visited Bayreuth. It is both
amusing and pathetic to see an audi
ence sitting with bowed heads at the
performance of this Kiralfy spectacle
of holy things. If Wagner had really
hurled into the world a work of gen
ius, a masterpiece in this, his swan
song, I, too, should cry, 'Ave Impera
tor' and bow the knee; for no man
worships more devoutly at the shrine
of Wagner than I do. But it seems
to me that there is something defec
tive in the vision which fails to pene
trate the tinseled garb /of procession
als, ballet, transformation scenes,
steam and purple light and to discern
the emancipated and anaemic form
which is beneath. ; It is both difficult
and easy to believe that this music
was written by the composer of 'Tann
hauser,' -Die Meistersinger* and the
other great -works. It is difficult to
believe it because of the utter lack
of the native fire of inspiration found
in the other scores. It is easy because
of the continued echoing and para
phrasing of the thoughts conceived
for the making of the greater "works.
This is. the product of a man at hard
labor. It is unquestionably the work
of a genius, but not a 'work of genius.
But it is a tremendously popular suc
cess, and it is like Katisha's left shoul
der blade, in that people come miles. to
see it." •
It is a foregone .! conclusion . that
Patti will clear $400,000 by her Amer
ican , tour,. soon to end, and that her
managers will pocket from $ 5 0,0 00 to
*ioo,ooo.- v>££
LATE HAPPENINGS
AMONG PRpJlIXEXT
STAGELAND FOLK
The fashion which Mrs. Roosevelt Has
adopted when attending the theater to
Invite the star of the cast Into the
Presidential box to compliment him or
her upon the evening's performance Is
an extremely pretty and gracious one —
a fashion which the stars, far from re
senting, are regarding with the high
favor that Is its due.
Mary Mannerjng has just received
the scenario cf a new play she will
bring out next season as the successor
of her present vehicle. "Harriet's
Hoteymoon." The play Is by Justin
Huntly McCarthy, who has supplied
E. H. Sothern with suitable vehicles
for the last three seasons. It is pos
sible'that the play will be completed in
time for a trial production late in the
spring. -while Miss Mannering is play
ing her San Francisco engagement.
Rumor has it that before many moons
"The Light That Lies in Woman's
Eyes" will be an easily forgotten blink.
This is the play by E. H. Sothern,
which he wrote expressly for the use
of his wife, Virginia Harned*. It was
given a metropolitan hearing last week
and turned out to be about the most
cruelly toasted piece of the season.
The good news comes that W. P.
Gilbert has completed a new comedy,
which will be seen this season.
' • • •
Lydia Thompson is to return to the
stage, according to present arrange
ments. Some years back she took
a big final benefit that was to signalize
her permanent retirement, but it is
said Lewis Waller has induced her to
join his supporting company for the
forthcoming revival ' of "Ruy Bias,"
which is to .be known under the new
title "A Queen's Romance." The re
vival is soon to be- made in London at
the Imperial Theater. The once fa
mous Lydia will be seen as the Duch
ess of Albuquerque.
Mrs. Thomas Whfffen. who recent
ly suffered a severe attack of pneu
monia in San Francisco, is convales
cing.
Richard Mansfield may make a pro
duction for a ■week or two in New
York of "Ivan the Terrible" before
starting on his Western tour, which is
to lead him to San Francisco. Hft
manager has been negotiating for a
theater, and it is likely that arrange
ments will be made for a week or a
fortnight the latter part of February.
The production is in readiness, and
Mr. Mansfield wishes to bring it out in
order to have "Ivan" as an additional
attraction in his repertoire through
the West.
• * • •
To James Neill is due the credit of
giving the first performance each sea
son for the benefit of the Bell Sani
tarium for consumptive actors and
actresses. Last year .he gave a bene
fit in Los Angeles, and on Christmas
afternoon he and his company gave
another benefit for the same worthy
cause in Honolulu under the auspices
of the Honolulu B. P. O. Elks. Mr.
Neill has also signified his Intention
of furnishing a room in the sanita
rium, which- will be known-' as the
James Neill room.
Ada Rehan is considering an offer
from Henry Irving to join him in a
series of old comedies next season in
England. The comedies may be
"Much Ado About Nothing," 'Twelfth
Night," "The Taming of the Shrew"
and the "Merchant of Venice."
Henry Arthur Jones* latest comedy,
with the odd title, from this deliberate
maker of odd titles, "Joseph Entan
gled," was produced last Tuesday in
London, the wicked cable says, with
success. •
Nat C. Goodwin admits he is getting
tired of the stage. "I don't like the
environment," he said. "I'm 45 years
old. If I 'Can't leave the stage when
I'm 55. it will be strange. Then I will
enjoy myself, get up when I like, go to
bed when I like and have all the out
door sports I want. I'll go to the the
aters, of course. I couldn't stay away
from the theater, but I'll go to watch
the other fellows."
The row between Acton Davies, a
critic on one of the New York pa
pers, and Lloyd Bingham, the hus
band of Amelia Bingham. over a sar
castic notice the former wrote con
cerning Miss Bingham's production of
"Olympe," is still furnishing gossip
for the theatrical people. Some one
has again brought up the old question
of how far a critic can go. In review
of his performance without stooping
to personal abuse, and if he does,
whether the actress' husband, provid
ing she is fortunate enough to be at
tached to a pugllistically Inclined cav
alier of the twentieth century, has the
right to thrash the offending writer.
Some actresses interviewed on the
subject seem to think the husband is
justified. A few writers think like-
Wise, providing the critic is willing to
submit to the treatment, but while
there has been a lot of talk about thig
latest encounter the question remains
in the same old place that it was be
fore Mr. Bingham planted his fist on
the countenance of Mr. Davies.
Amelia Bingham is the principal in
"Olympe" as the actress of the Comedle
Francaise who undertook to supplant
Mme. Pompadour as concubine to King
Louis XV. The drama made by Pierre
Decourcelles from the Dumas narrative
is hectic with the fever of passion, and
Mrs. Bingham, smooth, clean and
plump, can't do anything effectual with
"Olympe." The reviewers said so. next
day in their various ways, politely or
harshly, and several ridiculed her fail
ure. That evening, while the press writ
ers were at the opening of another new
play, the actress's husband, Lloyd
Bingham. and the critic, Acton Davies,
had a fight. Bingham was an actor
when h« fell in love with Amelia, a
mid-Western girl, married her and put
her] on the stage. Before that he had
for a time been an athlete in a circus.
anfl slnre that he has become a very
prosperous "Wall-street operator, able to
capitalize his wife's theatrical ventures.
Mrs. Bingham raovc3 in a good grade of
fashionable society and is extremely
ambitious in her profession. She is ad
mirable as a comedienne and incompe
tent as a tragedienne. »»
George Osboume Jr.. who died of
pneumonia January 11 in Detroit,
was engaged to be married to Eugenie
Hayden of the "Captain Harrington"
company. The marriage was to have
taken place at the close of the season,
and a wedding journey to the home
of Mr. Osbourne's parents in California
had been planned. During Mr. Os
bourne's illness Miss Hayden cared for
him with the greatest possible devo
tion, and she was prostrated by his
death.
Sarah Bernhardt's memoirs are to be
published in the autumn, if the author
doesn't change her mind. If well writ
ten, it ought to be the book of the
young century.
• • •
Maxine Elliott may appear in "Her
Own Way" next spring in London.
Sir Henry Irving surprised the na
tives of Buffalo last week by cutting 1
fancy figures on skates, on Front Lake.
Seneca Park. He was as graceful and
active as a youth.
Mrs. Gilbert, who sustained Injuries
from an accident last week in Washing
ton, is improving, and the hope is now
expressed that she will not be com
pelled to retire from the stage. The
well-beloved actress is in her eighty
third year, and it has been marvel
to her associates that at that advanced
age she has been able to continue her
professional work, spending the greater
part of each season on the road, sub
ject to the irregularities and discom
forts of theatrical travel. The drama
tic profession is proud of Mrs. Gilbert—
of her successful career of sixty years
as' an actress of fine artistic quality,
and of her honorable record as a
woman.
• • •
William Devere. the well-known poet
actor, is lying dangerously 111 at hi3
residence in New York City, and it is
feared that he cannot recover. He is
over 70 years of age, and though pos
sessed of an unusually rugged consti
tution, he is much weakened by the
present attack. The news of his illness
has caused great regret among a large
circle of friends, and when it was
learned that his circumstances were
not all that could be desired steps were
immediately taken for the holding of a
benefit, which will take place at Tam
many Hall on February 17. Devere is
best known through his verses and his
work as an actor in Hoyt's "A Black
Sheep" and other farces. His best-liked
poem is "Like Kelly Can," written or.
seeing a comedian who thought he
could amuse an audience as well as the
late lamented J. W. Kelly. He has
also written a number of verses that
have the true ring and touch a note o*
homely pathos that is irresistible.
The death of Eduard Lassen removes
one of the best of modem song writers.
His songs were always admired by the
musicarpubllc, even though the critics
sometimes shrugged their shoulders.
He was a thorough musician, and hi3
song creations reveal an extraordinary
originality of thought.
Giacomo Puccini has just finished
the orchestration of his latest opera,
"Madame Butterfly," based on the
familiar story. The work will receive
its first production this month at La
Scala, Milan, and will immediately
thereafter be given In Rome. There
Madame Storchlo is to sing the title
role, and in Milan Madame Farneti ha3
been selected for that honor.
CHICAGO THEATERS
WILL BE SAFE AS
LAW CAS MAKE THEM
While the San Francisco Supervisors
are amending the safety-ln-theatera
ordinance they might find some sug
gestions in the measure which has Just
been adopted in Chicago. Here are its
most salient points:
Steel lire curtains are specified. Asbestos de
feated.
In the rear of all banks of seats on all
floors must be cross aisles leading; directly
to flr« escapes or emergency exit*.
Fireproof scenery and equipment behind
the Btaze.
8moke vents controlled by electric and me
chanical damper*.
Automatic sprinklers above and below the
stage and in adjoining rooms.
Stand pipes, hose reels and portable fire
extlnruishers.
Fire alarms on all floors, on stage, and in
ticket-office.
Two or more firemen detailed to each thea
ter, and fire drills twice a week.
All theaters hereafter erected shall be so
located that they adjoin at least two public
thoroughfares All floors, balconies and gal
leries, including the stare of such buildinu.
shall be surrounded on four sides by either
open spaces or inclosed fire proof passages.
both of which shall be outside of the audience
room or auditorium, shall ooen on or connect
directly with such public thr»rtu?hfare3. shall
be maintained free and clear of obstructions,
and shall not be less than eight feet in width,
clear of any and all obstructions except stair
ways. Index sljma reading; •'This way out"
shall be placed conspicuously In such open
spaces and passageways.
•In all eases where the floors of the audi
torium of the buildings of class 5 <theaters>
are bar.ked or stepped up the., floor level of th*
lowest bank shall not b« above the sidewalk
level.
Stairways In theaters shall be In width
equivalent to twenty inches for every 10O seats
and fractional parts thereof in such buildings,
but in no event shall any stairway in such
building b« l*ss> than four feet wide in the
clear.
Each balcony and each railery shall have
Immediate access to its croDortionate amount
of such stairway space, based upon the equiv
alent of twenty Inches of space for every 100
seats In such balcony or gallery.
All stairways shall have hand railinxs on
each aide thereof. Stairways shall not ascend
a greater height than eleven feet without a
landing-
The main floor^nd also each and every bal
cony and gallery shall have entrance stair
ways froan tha street level, penarate p.nrt dis
tinct from every other entrance stairway.
The minimum width of aislpa with u.vers
ing slues shall be two feet eight Inches at the
end near the stare, and not lesi than three
feet wide at the ether end.
The minlmom width of aisles with parallel
sides fhall be thre* feet.
Every &!sle shall lead directly to an exit.
No more than ten sears shall be arranged in
any one row between a!«I?s.
Seats shall not be le?s than twenty- two
Inches in width, measured at the top of the
seat backs.
Rows of seats shall be not less than two
f:et ten Inches from hack to back. *nd no
barks of seats of a greater rise than eighteen
inches.
A bond qf $23,000. guaranteeing the
performance, by August 1. of all tha
requirements of the ordinance, is de
manded, and when the theaters reopen
It is probable tMat most of them will
advance their prices in order to recoup
and to meet the larger expenses of run
ning under the new restriction*. .
1920
The chaperon of to-day, bless her,
is the legitimate and logical product
of the fine, broad system of feminine
education that prevails in America— an
education wherein confidence, self-re
sponsibility and a knowledge of hu
man nature figure broadly. And as for
her who is beseeched daily to chap
eron young girls abroad you may
bank upon it that she Is a woman of
large conceptions and of a fine eym
pathy, and within her lies a love of
youth, with its earnest friendships, its
love feasts. Its misunderstandings, its
reconciliations and its wholly delight
ful denouement at the prie dieu— these
encompass the chaperon's duties and
prerogatives.
That the up-to-date and popular
chaperon ably abets the little god in
his conquest of hearts is evident every
where about us, and this is the very
consummation of her usefulness, like
wise her art. Unlike the suspicious
duenna of the "Idle Forties," who with
a vigilance worthy of a better cause
kept the young lovers apart, or tried
to, the chaperon brings them together,
and usually sees that a little cozy cor
ner with Just room for two is of easy
access. Then she dutifully assumes a
consuming interest in contiguous things
and people, and ttie young folks work
out their own little problem. It Is Just
this adroitness at supervision that
makes the clever chaperon Indispens
able, and this is her only real function
In America. Here girls are reared and
educated to .self-respect, and resent
"watching" in the old sense and in the
manner that obtains in Mexico and
on the Continent. American girls— free
and independent from the very air they
breathe — cannot long endure the ap
palling custom in Mexico of being
"chaperoned" every moment of their
waking hours. But to defy the long
cherished custom In these countries
would Invite social ostracism — and
many tears.
The gods be thanked that the Ameri
can girl — the average well bred Ameri
can girl— is quite capable to-day of dic
tating her own attitude toward the
men of her acquaintance, with a kindly
"tip" now and then from her clever
chaperon, who may and often is her
clever mamma.
• • •
Monday Installed a busy week with
the charming dance given at the
Pojtletbwalte home on Pacific avenue
in honor of the debutante daughter of
the house. Miss Margaret Postlethwalte.
The drawing-room, dining-room and
epacious hall admit of excellent floor
Fpace for dancing, m which the follow
ing young folk participated: Miss Ruth
Allen. Miss Beth Allen, Miss Marian
Huntington. Miss Jessie Wright, Miss
l^mily Wilson. Miss Helen Murlson,
M.'ps Frances McKJnstry, Miss Elsie
Tallant, Miss Helen Baily. Miss Mabel
Dodge, Miss Anna Foster, Miss Flor
ence Gibbons, Miss Elsie Dorr, Miss
Margaret Wilson, Miss Melaine Lancel,
Miss Margaret Mee; Douglas Water
man, 3. Early Craig. John Young, Dr.
Dunbar, William Petherick, J. O. Bur
rage, Percy Mills, Herbert Bonnlfield,
Mr. Newbold, Aimer Newhall. Sherrll
Schell. Hubert Mee, Arthur Foster. Eu-
Kene Farnham, Perry Evans, William
Goldsborough, Lieutenant Clarence
Canigan. U. S. A.; Philip Paschel.
Lucius Allen and Edgar Zook.
Supper was served on the lower
floor, where a fine array of Chinese
lanterns and red blossoms made the
apartment very gay.
The University Club was the scene of
a brilliant luncheon on the first day
of the week, when Mrs. Allen Lewis
of Portland (who has been the guest
of her mother. Mrs. N. G. Kittle, for
some weeks), was the charming host
ess. The following ladies were guests:
Mrs. George Boyd, Mrs. William Hlnck-
ley Taylor, Mrs. Joseph D. Grant, Mrs.
George Pope. Mrs. Chauncey Rose
Winslow, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs.
William Sl Tevis. Mrs. Mountford Wil
son, Mrs. William G. Irwin, Mrs. Wal
ter Dean, Miss Maude O'Connor, Mrs.
Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Norman Mc-
Laren, Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase,
Mrs. Robert Hooker. Mrs. Homer King
and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall.
Last week the Misses Miller, daugh
ters of Admiral Miller, U. S. N. t enter
tained a "500" card party in their pri
vate apartments at the Colonial Friday
afternoon in honor of the . Misses
Simons, daughters of Medical Director
Simons, U. S. N., at Mare Island.
Among those present were: Miss
Simons, Miss Helen Simons, Miss Gray,
Miss Brooks, Miss Woods, Miss Wil
ton, Miss Parks." Mrs. Simons, Mrs.
Miller. Mrs. Durphy, Miss Miller and
Miss Anne Miller.
• • a
So the Boardmans stole off quietly
to the beckoning palms of Hawaii for
their honeymoon. Their destination
was a dire state secret — but aren't those
details essentially personal property?
"Under, the bamboo tree" seems at the
passing moment to be luring ,many
new- wed. lovers. The Searleses sailed
some weeks ago for the islands and
later to Japan.
. •• •
One of the most charming dinners of
the week — and there were not a few —
was that given at the Bohemian Club
on Monday evening by James D. Phe
lan in honor of . the distinguished
Irish poet, William Butler Yeats.
With charming tact Mr. Phelan
gathered about the board men of let
ters, law, art and .world-culture to
whom the great impressionist poet
would most appeal. The toasts? Ah!
They were worthy of the hour what
these men had to say. And It gave
the poet-wanderer a chance to chat
a bit with the men of San Francisco
who stand for something in the world's
work.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Louise Harring
ton and Lieutenant John D. Leahy,
U. S. N., was a very pretty affair, the
absence of display notwithstanding.
The bride has always figured as one of
the stunning girls in society and made
an exquisite picture in her nuptial robe.
The future home of the young peo
ple will be determined by the sailing
orders of the Tacoma, to which Mr.
Leahy is attached. Brave little women,
they who wed 1 the sallo'rfolk, and who
Joyfully yield up home and friends on
the golden altar of love.
• •..''•
The Greenway dinner at the Bo
hemian Club In honor of Miss Mabel
Cluff and Jack Wilson was a notable
affair, as are all the affairs of this ex
cellent host's plotting. The guests were
Miss Mabel Cluff. Miss California Cluff.
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr., Miss Helen
de Young, Miss Constance de Toung,
Miss Ethel Hager, Miss Pearl Landers,
Richard Hotaling, John D. Spreckels
Jr., Ed Tobin, Cyril Tobln and Jack
Wilson.
Where could a merrier band be found
than these devotees of Rood fellowship?
A tea of note was given on Tuesday
ty Mrs. C. B. Moore at her home
at Mare Island, when the an
nouncement was made to the chatting
guests — women at teas always chat
ter—of the engagement. of her daugh
ter. Miss Prances Johnes Moore, to
Lieutenant J. S. Graham. U. S. N., at
present attached to the United . States
training ship Adams at San Diego.
Miss Moore is a charming girl, of
fine personality, 4 and a rare favorite In
naval circles over the bay.
Mrs. Moore was assisted In receiv-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
THE CHAPERON
NO LONGER
A DUENNA
Ing her guests by Mrs. F. B. Z.»hm,
Mrs. Charles P. Kindelberger, Miss
Moore, Miss Chapman, the Misses
Ruth and Helen Simons, Miss Moody,
Miss McDougal and Miss Mattie Milton.
Those invited to the tea were: Mrs.
McDougal, Mrs. Gauges, Miss Caroline
McDougal, Mrs. Manly H. Simons,
the Misses Sinwis, Mrs. Richard B.
Chapman, Miss Chapman, Miss Hln
ton. Mrs. J. T. Miller, Mrs. P. C. Pope,
Mrs. B. F. Fuller. Mrs. C. N. Offley,
Mrs. Harding, Mrs. E. D. Tauslg, Mrs.
Trowbridge, Mrs. T. G. Roberts, Mrs.
F. B. Zahm, Mrs. J. E. Palmer, Mrs.
Arthur MacArthur, Mrs. B. F. Tilley,
Mrs. Reginald Nicholson, Mrs. B. H.
McCalla, Miss Stella McCalla, Mrs. W.
G. Miller, Mrs. Irwin, Mrs. John Ir
win, Miss Irwin, Miss Waggoner, Mrs.
A. F. Dlxon. Mrs. John A. W. Dixon,
Mrs. F. J. Drake, Mrs. F. A. Holmes,
Mrs. A. A. McAlister, Mrs. R. M.
Cutts, Mrs. Richard Cutts. Mrs. Mary
Turner, Mrs. W. O. Hulme, Mrs. U. T.
Holmes, Mrs. A. M. Pippin, Mrs. V.
V. Harrier of Vallejo. Mrs. Merritt,
Mrs. T. T. Craven. Mrs. Menefee, Mrs.
McCrea, Mrs. Collins McCrea of
Vallejo. Mrs. Allen, Mrs. D. P. Hall,
Miss Patty Palmer, Mrs. Harry K.
Cage, Mrs. J. R. English of Vallejo.
Miss Marie English and Mrs. S. M.
Levee of Vallejo.
Captain E. G. Taussig of the United
States receiving 8hip Independence at
the navy yard and Mrs. Taussig en
tertained eighty guests at euchre on
Tuesday. The quarters aboard ship
were redolent with sweet blossoms and
a delightful game was enjoyed by the
following (the trophies being carried
off by Mrs. B. F. Fuller, Mrs. Harry
George and Dr. J. T. Miller): Rear
Admiral and Mrs. Bowman H. McCal
la, the Misses McCalla, Mrs. W. G.
Miller, Captain and Mrs. B. F. Tllley,
Captain and Mrs. Franklin J. Drake,
Commander and Mrs. C. B. T. Moore,
Miss Frances Moore, Miss Betty
Moody, Medical Director James R.
Waggoner, Miss Waggoner, Paymaster
and Mrs. John. Irwin, Commander and
Mrs. A. F. Dixon, Commander and
Mrs. F. A. Holmes, Mrs. Menefee,
Lieutenant . and . Mrs. Arthur MacAr
thur, Pay Inspector Leeds C. Kerr, Na r
val Constructor and Mrs. F. B. Zahm.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Samuel L. Gra
ham, Assistant Naval Constructor and
Mrs. T. G. Roberts, Mrs. Trowbridge,
Civil Engineer Harry H. Rousseau,
Mrs. R. M. Cqtts, Colonel and Mrs. P.
C. Pope, Major and Mrs. Benjamin F.
Fuller, Mrs. C. N. Offley, Lieutenant
and Mrs. William Harllee, Lieutenant
and Mrs. A. E. Harding; -Lieutenant
William H. Prltchett, U. S. M.C.; Med
ical Inspector Manly H. Simons, the
Misses Simons, Surgeon and Mrs.
Charles P. Bagg, Assistant Surgeon
and Mrs. J. T. Miller. Lieutenant and
Mrs. Harry George, Mrs. Mary Tur
ner, Mrs. T. C. Craven of Vallejo, Com
mander James • H. Bull, Mrs. Theodore
C. Fenton, Lieutenant Commander and
Mrs. James H. Glennon, Mrs. R. M.
Cutts Jr., Surgeon and Mrs. Charles
Kindelberger, Paymaster M. R. Golds
borough, Ensign James B. Gilmer.'as
well as the commanding and ward
room officers of the ship now in com
mission at the navy, yard.'
What a brilliant star has been added
to* our social firmament in the charm
ing Mrs. Peter J. Martin. So: much
the vogue has she become that she Is
spoken of over the tea cups as Mrs.
Peter— and no one Is provincial enough
to ask "Mrs^ Peter who?"
Between now and the falling of the
Lenten curtain of sackcloth, .- the ' fair
visitor will be dined and luncheoned
thirteen times. Isn't that a social
bombardment? And besides these edi
ble affairs, there are "at homes" and '
"teas" ad libitum.
But who wonders why she; has made
THREE CHARMING MESDAMES, WELL KNOWN TO THE SOCIETY. AMUSEMENT V LOVEBS. WHO ENTER
TAIN DELIGHTFULLY, And who have been, well to. the fore 'inthe club and social
FUNCTIONS AMONG THE YOUNGER SET OF SAN' FRANCISCO. ,
such a conquest of our Western. smart
set? Surely nothe who has seen, her.
Exquisitely tall and. willowy* (this. is
horribly trite, but there's no other word
of my ken so accurate), with a wealth
of yellow-brown hair, fair blooming
Bkln and— well, It's her expression that
makes her the beauty she Is. ' • ; ; :■
Her gowns are of the clinging sort
none of the trulkish, puffy, • clumsy
gowns for her. .<
• • •
Of our local wanderers, none has re
ceived a more cheery welcome on her
return than < Mrs. Samuel Buckee."
Though not entirely free from the ef
fects of .Gotham's icy blasts, she is go-
Ing about a great deal and was one, of
a gay party at the Cafe Chantant. ,
• Among the other f notably handsome
women - who helped , on that "surprise
ful"\night to : roll up i the dollars .that
are now in possession of the hospital
was Mrs. Latham McMullln.
Mrs. William Tevls, was hostess at
an elaborate " luncheon at her Taylor
street home a; few days ago' in honor
of Mrs.'. Pacheco, her; talented . mother.
Her Bakersfield • home, a princely place,
was visited for a' few days • recently,
where r all '• the Joys of '■ the "range"., are
■ /■ . ■'.".' '■
there for the asking.
That was a charming : affair of > Mrs.
T. Wain-Morgan Draper's this week,
when she entertained In honor of Her
daughter. Miss Elsa.' Euchre was
played at six tables, at which the fol
lowing guests were seated: Mrs.
Krautoff, Mrs. Crooks, Mrs. Bigelow,
Mrs.. Rlttner, Mrs. Heyneman, Misses
Jeanette and Marion .Wright, Miss
Mary Miller, Miss Edith Treanor, Miss
Bernice Wilson. Miss .Woods, Miss
Herman, Miss Ruth Norton, Miss Cur
rie, Miss Volkman, Miss Eleanor War
ner,. Miss Alice Warner, Miss Florence
Yates, Miss Mattie Milton, M4ss Mabel
Watklns, Miss Peters,' Miss Etelka
Willian.Miss Hunt. Miss Owen. Miss
Frances Rled and Miss Viola MyersJ
' Violeta\ were used; profusely in the
apartments and figured prominently
on the exquisite place cards.
.What a? Joy, it must be'to entertain
at the present time of the year in the
East! Note the following from Chi
cago/ anent \: the embarrassments . of
hostesses: "The last cold - snap has
wrought -much : havoc .■• in.; households.'
The * water-pipes 'are burst, and 'be
low Twenty- third . street ■ the^ gas ; is
frozen. ; - The ; ; homes ; with •' electric
lights are doomed ■ to wax candles."
Nowr isn't ; that- a nice thing for Chi
cago to do, right in the midst of the
social season? Cold enough to freeze
the gas! No .wonder Mrs. Pullman is
moving her baggage westward to Cali
fornia.
• • •
The Pioneer Auxiliary assembly was
assuredly the most notable large func
tion of the week, gathering together
the argonauts of '49, resplendent in
their, evening clothes, gay and debo
nair, while .the -women of '49 and '60
were there— grandames," many of them,
regal with their silvered hair and white
shoulders. That>as a notable gather
ing—men and women the like of whom
no, other country ever knew. Here's to
them!- v ' - » '
The .following . served upon the.com
mittees: i ',■"'■' \
. Mrs. • John W. ■ Burnett, president;
Mrs. John' H; Jewett, honorary pres
ident; Mrs. George. J. Blncknall. Mrs.
S. ' W. , Holladay. Mrs. James . Neall,
Mrs.' John Bidwell. Mrs. J. J. Brlce,
vice presidents; .Mrs. Franklin Banks,
Mrs. : S. : - A. Keith, Mrs. ' W. H. Reed.
Mrs. Jessie Seale", Mrs. Henry Weath
erbee,"" honorary : vice presidents; Mrs.
Peer • Tiffany, ' Mlsrf • Sarah M. . Hunt,
Mrs. Louis Sloss, Miss Margaret O'Cal
laghan, Mrs. James M. Goewey, Mrs.
Jerome Madden, Miss Nellie Lowry,
Mrs. Herbert Folger, Mrs. A. A. Sar
gent, Mrs. J. C. Martel. Mrs. J. Uhler
Hastings. Mrs. S. H. Willey, Mrs. W.
S. Willis, Mrs. James Irvine, Mrs.
Martin R. Roberts, Mrs. M. C. Sloss,
Mrs. Milan Sonll, Mrs. Edward Fish
er, Mrs. J. C. Tucker.
Tearoom committee — Miss O. do
Forest, Miss Caroline Van Dyke, Miss
Marian Chenery, Mrs. Charles J. Deer
ing. Miss Adele F. Martel. Miss Fan
ny Molera and Miss Harriet M. Bur
nett; John White Geary, son of the
last Alcalde and first Mayor of San
Francisco; Woodworth Wethered.
William Aldrlch, Bruce Cornwall. E.
Burke Holladay, George T. Mayer Jr..
Captain Johnson. U. S. A. ; Lieutenant
Brlce, U. S. A.; James D. Phelan. Peer
Tiffany, C. F. O'Callaghan. William
Z. Tiffany. Henry D. Hawks, Charles
F. O'Callaghan. Charles J. Deering.
Allen Knight. James M. Goewey. Rob
ert Vandercook. Herbert Goewey, R.
R. Wallace. Captain Johnson, Alpheus
Bull, Heber C. Tilden.
Wednesday night happy Jack Wil
son gave an elaborate dinner In the
red room of the Bohemian Club In
honor of his fair fiancee. Miss Cluff.
Quite like a section of an orange
grove was the famous banqjet-room,
a pretty conception for the event that
la on the tapis.
Radiant indeed was Miss Cluff In
a gown of yellow chiffon bespangled
In gold, that foiled her dark beauty
In daring style. Mrs. Cluff wore an
exquisite lavender chiffon gown, and
Mrs. Downey white Brussels net, with
rose point lace.
The following guests were Invited:
Miss Cluff, James D. Phalan, Miss
Pearl Landers. George R. Field. John
D. Spreckels Jr., Mrs. John D. Spreck
els Jr.. E. M. Greenway, Miss de Young,
Miss Constance de Young. R. M. Hotal
ing. William Cluff. Mrs. William Cluff.
George Downey. Mrs. George Downey,
James B. Smith. Fred Greenwood, Alex
ander Wilson. Mrs. Alexander Wilson,
Mrs. McFarlane, Orrin Peck, Louis
Sloss. M. H. de Young. Mrs. M. H. ds
Young. Edgar Pelxotto, Miss Dutton,
Donald de V. Graham, Frank Deering,
Mrs. Frank Deering. Edgar Mlzner,
Miss Spreckels, William H. Smith,
Charles K. Field. Edward Tobin, Miss
Ethel "Hager, Miss Wagner, Frank L.
Owen. Miss Alice Hager; Mls» Jean
Downey, Miss Lillian Dqwney. Enrique
Grau, Miss Blair, Mrs. Agnes Wilson,
Charles Earl, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels, Mrs.
J. Wilson Shlela.' Judge Kerrigan. Dr.
Black and Mrs. Black. R. F. Nicholson.
Mrs. R. F. Nicholson, Miss King, Miss
Herrin. William G. Harrison, Miss
Bailey, Mlsa Hennessey. Joseph R.
Howell, Thomas Barbour and Miss Wil.
Mrs. J. Parker Currier was hostess on
Thursday at the most elaborate card
party of a busy week. Orchids, brides
maid roses, violets and yellow tulips
transformed the apartment Into a floral
bower. The name cards were partica-'
larly dainty— water color sketches of
men and maids decorating them la
charming fashion.Forecast made at Saa Traa
cisco for tilrty bocrs ending
midnight, February 7:
Sas Traacisco as.d vicinity—
Eiowers Sna&ay; brisk south
west winds. A. G. SZcASXS.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 69.
RUSSIA AND JAPAN SERVER
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
TOKIO, Feb. 7.— -It is clear that diplomatic relations between Japan and Russia have been broken. Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minister, is expected
to depart in a few days. His preparations for departure are now progressing, The Russian Legation expected its Government to break silence to-day,
but no communication was received, except one announcing that trooops had been dispatched to Seoul. The populace is not aware of the diplomatic
proceedings, and, although it is generally known that the country is on the eve of war, the people await the, clash with the same calmness that marked their
demeanor in the preliminary stages of the controversy.
DOMINICAN
REBELS TO
BE CURBED
TJiree Warships Or
dered to Santo
Domingo.
United States Will Restore
Order in the Turbu
lent Republic.
Stats Department Rewires Numerous
Complaints of Ontrages Upon ,
Americans.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.—Simulta
neously at the State Department and
the Navy Department the announce
ment was made that a serious state of
affairs is prevalent in Santo Domingo.
Complaint has been made to the State
Department by the owners of the San
Isidro plantation that their property
has been besieged, and an appeal is
made for immediate relief. Other Amer
icans having interests in Santo Domin
so have made similar complaints. Sec
retary of the Navy Moody and Acting
Secretary of State Loomis had long con
ferences with the President on the sub
ject. On his return to the Navy De
partment from the White House Secre
tary Moody held a conference with
Hear Admiral Taylor, chief of the bu
reau of navigation, and a cablegram
was dispatched to Rear Admiral "Wise,
commanding the training squadron now
at Guantanamo, instructing that officer
to take immediate and effective steps
for the adequate protection of Ameri
can lives and property in the Domini
can republic, limiting his action at all
times to the recognized tenets of Inter
national law.
THREE WARSHIPS ARE SENT.
Upon the receipt of this dispatch Rear
Admiral Wise is expected to proceed at
once on his flagship, the Minneapolis,
to Dominican waters and make a per
sonal Investigation. The Columbia al
ready has been ordered to return to
Santo Domingo from Guantanamo,
whither ehe went for coal, and the
Eartfcrd will be ordered back from the
eanie place.
The Ean Ieidro plantation is owned by
the Bertram brothers of New York. It
Is managed by an American named
Bass. The plantation Is situated on the
Ossa River, about eleven miles inland.
Only steam tugs can navigate the river,
and it Is expected that Rear Admiral
Wise upon his arrival will 4ispatch one
cr more tugs with marines to guard the
plantation.
Admiral 'fTlse is not Instructed re
garding tne kllllcg of Machinist John
Hohrson pending the receipt of full
particulars telegraphed for to-day by
Secretary Moody.
General Sanchez, the Dominican Min
ister, has been informed of the firm
policy adopted by the Washington Gov
ernment He Is cabling his Government
regarding the feeling in official circles.
POWERS LOSING PATIENCE.
It is apparent that the long-pendinr
Dominican problem is reaching a crl-
Eis that will demand Immediate atten
tion. The German Government has
well nigh reached the limit of Its pa
tience in dealing with Santo Domingo.
nnd the London and Paris governments
chow an equal impatience with affairs
there. All of these governments have
bided their time in the hope that Wash
ington would meet the obligations
placed upon it by the Monroe doctrine
and put an end to the unsatisfactory
state of affairs. If the United States
had not acted the European nations
would have called the situation to its
attention.
CAPE HATTIEN. Hayti, Feb. 6.—
Munitions of war intended for General
Jiminez. the Dominican revolutionary
leader, were seized at Puerta Plata, on
the north coast of the republic of Santo
Domingo, yesterday, after having been
landed there by the steamship New
York, from New York January SO.
The San Francisco Call.
RUSSIAN MILITARY SCENE AM) INCIDENT OF THE ST. PETERSBURG GOVEENMENT'S PREPARATIONS FOE WAR IN THE FAR EAST.
Diplomacy Is Making Its Last Exchange and the Quarrel of the
Nations Will Go to the Arbitrament of Sterner Methods.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 6.
The scene of the Russo-Japanese
negotiations has shifted and now
Russia waits for Japan to show
how her latest word is received.
As each communication has
passed between the capitals of the
contesting powers the situation
has become more tense, until it is
now feared diplomacy is making
its last exchange and that the
questions at issue may go to the
arbitration of sterner methods.
Russia to-night is keenly awake
to the possibilities of the situation
and is eagerly awaiting the first
intimation which may give a clew
to the temper of Japan. This
means official, intelligent Russia
on the banks of the Neva, and, to
a lesser extent, in, the larger cities.
Beyond the confines of these cen
ters of population the calm current
of monotonous life of the vast
empire has flowed on until now
undisturbed. The multitude in
the interior which in the end must
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES-r-SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
do the fighting, if there is to be 1
war on a large scale, have not yet
awakened to the impending dan
ger. It will be only when the
Emperor shall issue his manifesto
arid his call to arms that they will
be aroused.
The Emperor, in the event of
war, may go to Moscow to submit
his cause and fate to the Almighty
at the altar of the Troitsko Mon
astery, as his fathers have done in
the past before : drawing the
sword; but, whether he does or
not, his manifesto will be read in
all the churches of the empire and
posted everywhere, arousing the
patriotism of his subjects.
In the hotels and restaurants of
St. Petersburg the situation is be
ing discussed to-night with great
seriousness. The weather is bit
terly cold and street fires are burn
ing tmd the people are asking if it
is possible for hostilities to begin
at a season when the thermometer
registers 40 degrees below zero in
Northern Manchuria. They are
speculating upon the horrors that
would characterize such a winter
campaign and wondering, if the
story of the sufferings at Shipka
Pass is to be repeated. The Rus
sians are confident, 'however, that
if the worst comes their hardy sol
diery can. stand the severe cold
better than can their adversaries.
A dispatch received here from
Vladivostok says the Japanese
commercial agent there, acting un
der orders from Tokio, has issued
a circular informing the Japanese
residents of ; the country that those
who wish to do so can proceed to
Japan on board the British steam
ship Afridi, which has arrived
there. ' '%Z?
WASHINGTON BELIEVES li
OUTBREAK JlN , ORIENT
IS QUESTION OF HOURS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.—
Washington awaits news'of * hos-
tilities in .the Far 'East-and-.it is
confidently expected by many,' es
pecially: the diplomats, that a. dash
at arms : will precede declarations
of war. arid it would not surprise
them if- the war broke out within
twenty-four hours. Japan's rest
lessness; which has been- such a
serious. -.factor, throughout the "ne
gotiations, became apparent 'to
day: when Takahira, the Japanese
M inister," called upon Acting Sec
retary Loomis at the State De
partment. He said to Loomis/ as
well as to : others during^ the; day,
that- he had received over night
dispatches V most warlike in tone
and declared that he would not be
in; the least surprised to hear that
Kurino, , the .Japanese Minister in
St. ' Petersburg, had- been ; recalled.
This Government hadv hoped
and had reasons to believe 'from
what it had learned of the -tenor.
b{ the' Russian reply that- the _; ne
gotiations .would be prolonged and
peace '} remain « unbroken, ; for- the
THS THEATERS.
Alc*xar— " A Colonial QUIP Mfc*
inee To-Dw.
Calif oral* — Murray and Hack.
Central — "East Xiyaacu" IKattn**
To-Day.
Chutes — TaiidevfXl*.
Columbia — "A Cbises* Honey
moon."
riaclier'i— "The Beauty Shov."
Grand— "Xost Blver." BUtteM
To-Day.
Oxvbemn — "Vaudeville. Kfattn—
To-Pay.
Tivoli— "VTtea Joluuiy Comes
Marciinr Home."
present at least. But the state
ments of Takahira and the dis
patches the State Department has
received from Minister Griscom
in Tokio appear to preclude this,
for both say the Japanese Govern
ment and people consider that
Russia has acted in bad faith by
delaying the transmission of the
note, and, it is alleged, taking ad
vantage, of ■ this delay to move
troops to positions advantageous
for the inauguration of hostilities.
Takahira corroborated the state
ment made by Baron Hayashi, the
Japanese Minister in London, that
Japan would be satisfied with
nothing less than a treaty or pro
tocol covering the influence of
both countries in Manchuria and
Korea.. Takahira told Loomis that
the Japanese had taken great um
brage at the fact that the Russian
reply was . formulated first by a
council of Cabinet Ministers and
- Continued ■ on Pa j;e 24, Column S.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ACTRESS
LOSES HER
LAWSUIT
Victoria Decision Is
Against Mrs. Ed
na Hopper. ;
British Columbia Justice
Sustains the Will ol
Dunsmuir.
Claim Made by a Stepdaughter of tha
Millionaire Not Recognized in
aXelebrated Case.
VICTORIA. B. C.. Feb. 6. — The de
cision in the action brought by Edna
Wallace Hopper against James Duns
muir to have set aside the will of the
late Alexander Dunsmuir and also
to set aside a deed by the terms «f
which Josephine Dunsmuir, In con
sideration of an annual payment of
$25,000, relinquished for herself and
her heirs all claim to Dunsmulr*s es
tate, was this morning announced
against the plaintiff and the Inter
venor, the mother of the defendant
and testator.
Justice Drake, who rendered the
decision, held that the plaintiff had no
right, either legal or equitable, to at
tack the will, the tables of consan
guinity not recognizing a stepdaugh
ter.
The ground of the action was undue
influence, both as regards the will and
the deed. The matter of the will is
disposed of in the judgment by the
citation that the tables of consan
guinity do not recognize a stepdaugh
ter. In regard to the deed, the Judg
ment holds that, admitting for the
sake of argument, It was obtained
by undue influence, it was then a void
able transaction and good until dis
affirmed. Mrs. Josephine Dunsmuir
did not disaffirm it during her life
time and the plaintiff cannot do so
now.
The judgment complains of the pre
posterous time, forty-two days, which
the case occupied in the trial and the
large amount of Irrelevant testimony.
The Judge, In his decision, expresses
his contempt for so-called medical ex
perts and says they are never impartial
and always try to Impose their views
upon the court. "Expert" testimony,
he asserts, is of little value.
Tha judgment concludes that the
facts alone show that Alexander Duns
muir was of sound and disposing mind
when he executed his will; that he hal
for a long time previously expressed
his Intention of making his will in favor
of his brother James Dunsmuir. and did
so make it. The Judge agrees with
Chancellor Sprague that facts sworn to
are of greater weight than scientific
opinion. When he finds facts which prove
business capacity, shrewdness and a
successful management of a large busi
ness concern without delusions, he is
of opinion that such a person is capa
ble of making a will.
MILLIONS FOR WYOMING
IRRIGATION PROJECT
Government Will Construct Reservoir
and Canal In the Valley of
the Shoshone.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— The Sec
retary of the Interior has approved the
setting aside of J2.250.000 of the
reclamation fund for the irrigation
project on the north side of the Sho
shone River, in the Big Horn Basin of
Wyoming, provided that satisfactory'
rights to land and water can be se
cured.
This project provides for the con
struction of a dam and storage reser
voir in Shoshone River and a canal
heading in the canyon above Cody. It
will provide water for approximately
90,000 acres on the north side of the
river In Big Horn County.22
SB. ___LMZB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
Attacked by Diseases Due to Cold, Exposure and the Terrible Strain of Their Work, Motormen
and Conductors Are Made: Strong by This Wonderful Remedy.
The daily work of a motorman is enough to break-down a constitution of steel. He must face cold and storm day and night
Cooped up on his narrow platform, he must stand, while bitter winds pierce him to the bone, no matter how heavy his clothing. Every
minute he must be on the alert, and in the midst of suffering his judgment must be quick and sure, for an error may cost q, human life.
Tired and hungry after hours of work that keep his nerves tense as fiddle-springs, he sits in the corner of a car to devour a cold, hasty
meal from a tin pail. These brave men are exposed to risks as great as those of the battlefield. Fortunately, when nature can stand the
strain no longer, the railroad men know where to find new strength and energy. The statements printed below tell of wonderful cures by
SwamD-Root, the great Kidney Remedy. — — . -- '
Swamp-Root Cured Me. Splendid Results Obtained Lame Back Cured by Weak Kidneys Cured by Heartily Recommends
(to a reporter > by the Use of Swamp- Swamp=Root. Swamp=Root. Swamp=Root.'
"Like magic fittingly describes Root. <to a reporter.) <to a reporter.) ■ . REpORTER) .
the manner in which Swamp- ."for a long time I suffered Outdoor WOrkerS "Suffered a long time with gas-
Root cured me of poor d.gcst.on, w.th backaches. I tned plasters, || y _ j^ £ nQ r J
coated tongue and loss of appc- a -> seasons _ Hn iments and divers concocUons, , CV^Y *""" t ,T seemed to benefit until I com-
tite, of many years standing. I s j and | a suffcrcd more without relief. Hearing and read- grave dangers by tak- ll^LlT^L l\
.,yn..*to-^--l or less severely with fearful Sains m S so much about the merits of ? C - ' T_» - j menced takin S Swamp-Root. I
W^^^IZ^M Zmy^?s?™om£ried"to r~^ SS . iT1 S Swamp-Root at first tried a small sized bottle, !
fe" V • : V;;W a general exhaustion, sometimes . - the IlfSt Sign Ol Kidney .^ ■, ..,.. > „ , ..^ . ,,, '
mended to me, without relief, un- '!^^^Si^^S^^S^SIk & ivc it a trial.- Before finishing S^S -, - , ■■, , ,
til I tried Swamp-Root on the ad- 'SSS^^^^SSS^ the first bottle the kink in my with such good results that I de-
vicc of a friend. It did not re- back had nearly disappeared ; this |&S|^^RSlS^S : " ternlined tr^ more ' and Jt
quire more than four bottles to encouraged me to use it faithful- |^^^^^^^M^^^|I cured me SO effectualI y that '
set my stomach right, and for the M^^^^^^^^^^MmkW^^M ly. Five bottles cured me entirely, |^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^J^ though it is now nearly a year
past two months I have been eat- bought a 50c bottle, which bene- and although it is over 6 months ..^ Swamp . Root s a £° since m >' recovery, there has
ing with a relish anything set be- fited me so greatly that, to make since my recovery I have had no the Qnc £ idney remedy that cured been no return of the dr cad gas-
fore me, something I had been assurance doubly sure, I bought pain or ache since. It certainly me when all others utterly failed trie attacks. I take this means of
unable to do previously for years, another, which cured me so ef- affords me pleasure to indorse I consider its effect on weak kid- showing my gratitude, and heart-
Am stronger than evpr/' 'f ua % Jhat I have |had no pain Swamp-'Root." neys really wonderful and am il y recommend Swamp-Root to
}C £_. mv t Jatefu 1 an MheTrtv^ndo £' ' n l P leased to B$& its.merits. It a g sufferi the same | r did/ ,
0 \J^ I } grateiui ana nearty indorse- . /j A // cures and -gives strerigtV ■
1009 Xostrand Ave., B'klyn. 156 Marion St., B'klyn. 1381 Herkimer St., B'klyn. . 1408 Fulton St., B'klyn. 1696 Bergen St., B'klyn.
Why Swamp=Root Gives Strength. f
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects of any kind of severe physical strain are felt, first of all, in the
small of the back— in other words, in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys. This is as true in the case of the very powerful man as it is with one
or less strength, and U is especially true whenever the kidneys are weak. Weak and unhealthy kidneys are -responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when through neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue fatal results
are sure to follow. .
SWAMP-ROOT STRENGTHENS THE KIDNEYS and through them helps all the other organs. When this wonderful medical discovery
can put the human body into condition to stand the hard work and the tremendous strain of the motormen, it is easy to understand Tiow
it has cured thousands upon thousands in the more ordinary and less strenuous walks of life.
No matter how many doctors you have tried— no matter how much money you have spent on other medicines —you really owe it to
yourself and to your fami y to at least give Swamp Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had almost given up hope of
ever becoming well again.
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, a Sample Bottle Will Be Sent Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root is the new discovery of the eminent kidney and bladder specialist, and is used in the leading hospitals, recommended
by physicians in their private practice, and taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that has ever been
discovered.
So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing cases, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book
ot valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root is so well known that our readers are advised to send for a sample bottle. la writing to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and say that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuine-
Don't make arly mistake, but remember the name Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton,
N. V., on every bottle, for sale at all Drug Stores— Fifty Cents and One Dollar.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tip* Candies % **fik
uq Chocolates W
[1 L Bonbons Jl
I Given Away Free v
j Teas, Coffees, Spices
: Baking Powder
] It Pays to (
\ Trade at
I Great American Importing Tea Co's
•A . Stores
(jBHM-rVtt 210 Grant mr. I«I9 Polk
U 140 Sixth 1819 Devis-dero 705 L-rkin
H 475 H-iffht 3006 Sixteenth &5 Hayes -
H 32SS Mission C21 Montr'y «ve. 62 M_rk«t
B 2008 Ftflraor- 2616 Mission 146 Ninth ,
fig S66 Third 2732 Utix 439 Fourth. '
oj*^|y i-'__Jfl»J _ _JM_— _ C 5___— _CH8i g *
A6THMAN0LA
Is the onlr cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour ©ru__-»t « r •* 6a * HAIGHT ST, t
Eaa Francisco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
«U^iSo to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
ENDURANCE RUN
IS SUGGESTED
Automobilists Are Planning
the Most Ambitious Event of
This Kind Ever Attempted
NEW* YORK, Feb. 6.— Plans are be
ing made for the largest and longest
endurance run of automobiles ever held
in this 1 country. ■ In connectipn with
the endurance run itself it is also hoped
to hold a series of club runs, all to have
the St. Louis Exposition for their goal.
If proper arrangements can be made
the racetrack at St. Louis may be se
cured for a week or more at the close
of the run. and besides being used as a
garage, races and exhibition runs will
be held. - . - 3@3£*_I3_t__!
Those who have been discussing the
subject are _, inclined to believe that
some time in June, probably from the
middle to the end of the month, would
be the most acceptable time for the
run. It is proposed that the May event,
the endurance run, shall start from this
city, and from one week to ten days
probably will be given to reach St.
Louis.
If by the plowshare you would
thrive, the farmer • with a* mortgage
drive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901
Why Pheasants Arc Pat.
It is a pity, the County Gentleman
thinks, that the value of the game sold
from an estate is not always entered
in the game book beside that of the
total head killed in the year. It would
also be a useful reminder to the own
ers that there is such a thing as econ
omy in game preserving., The waste
on properties where the keepers are al
lowed an unlimited corn bill is very
considerable. - There are some proper
ties, whore there is no arable land, or
very little', on which birds must be fed
liberally. But who ever saw a thin
pheasant?
The difference between a fort and a
fortress Uqs in the fact that the former
is designed to contain solely the gar
rison and their munitions, while the lat
ter is often a city containing a large
number of non-cor " 'tants. !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get Rid
of Scrofula
Bunches, eruptions, inflammations, sore-
ness of the eyelids and ears, diseases of tli:
bones, rickets, dyspepsia, catarrh, wasting,"
are only some of the troubles it causes.
It is a very active evil, making havoc ,cf
the whole system.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Eradicates it, cures all its manifestations,
and builds up' the whole system.
Accept no substitute.
GERMAN TROOPS
HARD PRESSED
Soldiers. Meet -Resistance in
Attack and Arc Surrounded
i at Omarurii, South Africa
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— The Coloniale Zei
tung has received a telegram from
"Windhoek, German Southwest Africa,
stating that -the Omaruru company
proceeded to Omaruru, via Karlbib,
and stormed that place on February 4.
An extraordinarily energetic resistance
was offered to the attack, the Germans
losing four killed and twelve wounded,
while seven were reported missing. The
company is now surrounded by the en
emy, but .400 Germans, with artillery,
are going to their, relief. The forces
which reached Windhoek from Swa
kopmund February 4, and. which were
intended for the relief of the.Gobadis,
was immediately sent back to the re
lief of the Omaruru company.
The Outjo company also came to bat
tle, with the natives of Ekaneno. The
situation on the -whole in the colony is
declared to be grave. The death list
has risen to 91 and the missing number
more than 200. . ' -
An official telegram from Swakop
mund received later states that it was
Fpancke's company, which .. entered
Omaruru and is now surrounded there.
Treasure on a Tennessee Farm.
The Seventeenth District, Tennes
see, Is excited over the actions of three
strangers who have been recently dig
ging on Daniel Roody's farm for treas
ure supposed to have been burled there
oven half a century ago by John A.
Murrell, the outlaw. Several excava
tions have been made and part of a
skeleton of a man has been found. The
men have gone as mysterious as they
came. Tradition has it that when
Murrell buried his treasure he was
assisted by a negro slave, whom he
killed in order to preserve his secret.
It is the skeleton of the negro which
it is supposed was recently dug up. —
Louisville Courier-Journal.
A Celebrated Balloon Mukcr.
M. Henri La Chambre, the celebrated
balloon maker, has just died from con
gestion of the lungs. He constructed
the Ornen balloon in 180C, by means of
which Andre hoped to reach the north
pole. In connection with this balloon
he visited Spltzbcrgen, and subsequent
ly published an interesting account of
the project entitled "Au Pole Nord en
Ballon." He also constructed the ill
fated airship Pax, by the collapse of
which Senor Severo lost his life, and
made the airships of M. Santcs-Du
mont.—-Westminster Gazette.
The German losses, a^ording to this
dispatch, are six dead, twenty-one
wounded and seven missing. The force
from the gunboat Habicht and Lieu
tenant Wlnkler's corps are marching
on Omaruru. the latter from Karlbib.
The railway is now' in operation to
Windhoek.
ARRESTS STIR
SOCIETY FOLK
Mice of Spokane Startle Promi
nent Residents by Charges
Against Two Young Men
EFFORTS AT RELEASE FAIL
Brothers Are Accused of Hav
ing Robbed Citizens in the
Washington City's Suburbs
Special Dispatch to The Call
SPOKANE. "Wash., Feb. 6. — Follow
ing the arrest of Freeman James, the
well-kndwn young society youth, upon
the charge of highway robbery yes
terday, came the arrest of his younger
brother, Norman James, on a similar
charge to-day.
The two arrests are creating a sen
sation, as the boys are sons of promi
nent people here and have been well
known figures at all affairs of the
younger social element of the past
few years. Freeman James is 17 years
of age and tall and handsome. His
brother is also large for his age.
When Freeman was arrested last
night pressure was brought to bear
upon the Police Department to release
the young man and avoid publicity, as
it was claimed a complete alibi could
be established. But the police were
obdurate. Then came Samuel Glid
den, former president of the National
Bank, in which the father of the boys
is a clerk. Glidden also pleaded, but
did not succeed.
The publication of the arrest created
a sensation this morning. An alibi
was set up for the older James boy,
but the police say he has been posi
tively identified by one of the alleged
victims, and another victim declares
the younger brother robbed him upon
the outskirts of the city.
SUIStJX WOMEN START
AX 'IMPROVEMENT CLUB
Twenty-Five of the Prominent Resi
dents Combine to Improve the
City's Condition.
SUISUN, Feb. 6.— The women of Sui
sun have organized themselves into an
Improvement club, starting out with
a membership of about twenty-five.
Mrs. Edward Dinkelspiel is president
and Mrs. A. G. Bailey secretary. The
c-bject sought by the organization is
to aid in making improvements in the
town, among which Is the completion
of the public park which was laid out a
few months ago by the Board of Town
Trustees. The ladies seem to be very
enthusiastic in their proposed work.
SILVER DOLLAR OF 1801
BRINGS LARGE PRICE
Ninety-Nine- Year-Old Coin Goes at
| $2000 to Portland, Or., to Join
f Six Companions.
i A United States dollar, now in its
ninety-ninth year, yesterday began tho
long trip from Denver to Portland, Or.,
after having lain in a Denver collection
i of coins for more than eighteen years.
j Though the dollar is about the size of
those coined during the present year,
and contains about the same number
of grains of silver, it brought in tha
neighborhood of about $5 33 per grain
of pure silver in its combination, and
all this because it has been in the one
form for nearly one hundred years.
The dollar is one of the coinage of
1804, of which there are only seven
known to be in existence. it wa3
boughj by the late J. V. Dexter at the
Chapman sale of coins in 1S35. At th:tt
Vme the coin had been but lately se
cured from a collection in Berlin, being
I the only one of . the dollars that is
j known to have been in a foreign col
' lection. Mr. Dexter paid $1000 for the
dollar, having, to bid against several
other collectors, the price being at that
j time the largest that had ever been
paid for one of the coinage named.
Since then one of the other coins had
been sold for $1200, a record that hf>ia
; good until yesterday, when H. O.
Brown of Portland, Or., paid $2000 for
the coin to R. G. Parvin. who suc
ceeded to the ownership of the Dexter
collection. Mr. Parvin did not willingly
part with the coin at that price, for he
has held It as the key piece of his nu
mismatic collection.
About a year ago the Republican
printed the stcry of the Parvin 1804
dollar, and it was copied extensively
throughout the country. As a result
Mr. Parvin has been receiving letters
ever since concerning his collection of
rare coins from all parts of the coun
try. A Chicago man tried to buy the
dollar, offering up to $1500, and failed.
Then a man in St. Louis tried to se
cure it for a collection to be exhibited
at the World's Fair. During these ne
gotiations Mr. Parvin thought that he
had discovered the limit of bidding,
and that no man would go over $1500
in trying to get the coin. So when he
was asked by Mr. Brown to put a price
i upon it he replied that he was not will
ing to dispose of it, but had set his
price at $2000. Mr. Brown did not wait
: for the slow progress of the United
States mail, but telegraphed to send on
the old dollar. Since then telegrams
have been coming at the rate of one a
day. Yesterday, while Mr. Parvin was
reluctantly placing the dollar in a
candy box and labeling It, there came
another telegram to hurry up the.dol
, lar anyway, and to send it C. O. J). if
! there was no other way. So the dollar
started west.
The scarcity of dollars of the 1S04
mintage Is explained by an accident at
' sea. The larger part of the silver dol
lars of that year were struck off to pay
United States soldiers and sailors doing
duty in Tripoli, North Africa, and were
shipped to that place. The vessel that
carried them away from this country
was never heard from again, so the ea
. tiro cargo is supposed to rest some
where upon the floor of the Atlantic
Just seven copies of the doliars
of that year are in existence, two lying
in the Mint at Philadelphia ard the
others being private collections. In
1S5& some copies of the coin of 1S04 were
struck off, beingsknown as "restrikes,"
but all but two of them were called in,
the records show, and destroyed. One
copy of the "restrike" is in the Mint at
Philadelphia and the other is. owned in
• England; No counterfeit of the 1804
dollar was ever known. — Denver Re
f lublican.
.. He. best prays to his -father who pro
vides for his brother.
SENATOR HANNA
RESTS EASILY
Physician Announces That Tem
peraturo Has Not Changed,
but Pain Has Been Less
CRISIS STILL TO COME
While Pulse Is Higher Than
on the Previous Day It Is
Xot Regarded as Significant
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— The official
announcement of Senator Hanna's con
dition to-night is regarded as favor
able. The bulletin written by Dr. Rlxey
after taking the Senator's temperature
and pulse at 8 o'clock follov.s:
"Senator Hanna has rested fairly well
since morning. Temperature, 102.4;
pulse, 92."
It was stated that the Senator had
suffered less pain to-day and had taken
one or two ounces more of milk and
seemed a little stronger.
No comment was made by the doctor
on the* higher pulse to-night than yes
terday, there being an Increase of ten
beats over the same time last night,
while the temperature is practically the
same as last night. The temperature
is regarded as the mc/re important indi
cation in the course of the fever, which
runs in cycles of seven days. The crisis
is marked by the highest temperature.
a lower reading taken at precisely the
same- time on the following day indi
cating that the crisis had passed. Dr.
Rixey saw no special significance, how
ever, in the reading to-night, it being
substantially the same as last night.
Weather conditions, he remarked,
might have something to do with it.
He regards the crisis as still in the
future.
EXPLOSION ON IOWA
TO BE INVESTIGATED
Bureau of Ordnance Expresses Opin-
ion That Powder and Not
Guns is Faulty.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— Although no
details have been received regarding
the explosion on the Iowa, the state
ment was given out at the bureau of
ordnance to-day as follows:
"The bureau is unable at this time
to assign any cause for the accident,
but is of opinion that It must be sought
for in the powder, and not in the gun.
Samples of the powder will be sent to
the proving guns for further test and
examination, and a board of officers
will be ordered to examine and report
on the exact conditions of the ammu
nition supplied to the vessel, to deter
mine if oossible the cause which led to
the accident."
ONE MAN HAD HIS
CURIOSITY SATISFIED
__________ t
.Result of Confusion in the Busy
Time of Christmas Shop
ping.
A Fulton street trolley car was inch
ing its way through the shopping dis
trict the other evening during the rush
hour crowded with bundle laden pas
sengers. Near the door were two mc:i
engaged in conversation over some do
tall of a business affair. In front of one
of the big shops a crowd of women got
aboard and the younger man, looking
up. said:
"Here's your wife, Jones," and ten
dered his seat to the newcomer.
The woman said "Thank you" In a
grateful tone, arranged her bundles a.i
compactly as possible and settled bacic
comfortably in the vacated place.
"Rather a late hour for you ts» b«
down town, isn't it?" the man at hbr
right remarked.
"Yes. it I? late." was the ready an
swer, "but it takes so loner to buy
things In holiday times, you know."
Comments with regard to shopping.
the weather, the crowded cars and sim
ilar subjects were exchanged and thfi
tho man asked in a tone that indicat<>l
his right to make the query:
"Who's looking after the dinner ar.-l
the house. I'd like to know, while you"ru
shopping until this hour?"
"Sir!" Indignantly exclaimed tho w,o
man, taking a good look at him for the
first time.
The man returned the look and then
said in the meekest of voices:
"I beg your pardon, madam. I er —
mistook you for my wifo."
The man who had relinquished hid
seat had been hanging nn a strap m
front of his friend and. of course, over
heard the conversation. He looked at
the woman, then at the man and said
softly:
"Jones, let's get .out and get a drink.
Maybe it will improve your eyesight."*
GREEXBERG & GREENBERC.^
! GREENBERG & GREENBERG
II Advance Styles
il for Spring
=1904=
• j New Laces,
■ New Trimming:,
• New Embroideries,
New Fiber Laces,
! New Kayser Gloves,
{ New Ribbons,
New Collar and Cuff Sets,
New Veilings,
New Waists,
j New Skirts,
New Belts,
New Lace Collars.
Every day adds to the elegant
assortment of the above advanced
j styles for Spring, 1904. Prices very
, lowest.
GREENBERG & 6REEHBER6
3!, 33, 35 and 37 Grant A13.
Cor. Geary St.DX. SHOOP'S REMEDIES. , rr ' Pnnn
Get My Book if Sick
Don't Send a Penny
Don't ser.d a penny.
Ju«t wait till you see what I can do.
Let me take the r!^c Let me prove up first what Dr. Shoop's
Restorative can do. Restorative will gain your friendship, your
endorsement if you Vest it. And for a whole month you can test it
without the slightest risk.
I will tell you of a druc&ist near you who will furnish six bot-
tles of
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
A Moatfa 00 Trial
I will Bt»cd absolutely all the cost If It falls. If you say, "It did
not help* me;" that ends It as far as cost to you Is concerned. Do
you understand rae? I am telling It as plainly, as clearly as I can.
I war.t you to know absolutely and without doubt this offer Is made
on honor. I have the prescription that cures. My only problem Is
to convince you that Dr. Shoop's Restorative will cure — Is an un-
common remedy. A common remedy could not stand a test like this.
It would bankrupt the physician making the offer. And I am suc-
ceeding everywhere, and here is the secret of my success. I found
invariably that where there was a weakness, the inside nerves were
weak. \Vfcen there was a lack of vitality, the vital nerves lacked
power. Where weak organs were found. I always found weak
nerves. Not the nerves commonly thought of, but the vital organ's
nerve*. The Inside — the Invisible nerves.
This waa a revelation. Then my real success begun. Then I com-
bined Ingredients that would strengthen, that would vitalize, these
r.erres. That prescription I called a restorative. It Is known the
world over now as Dr. Shoop's Restorative.
Thousands are accepting my offer and only one ln each forty writes
me that my remedy failed. Just think of It. 39 out of 40 get well.
and these ere dlfflcult cases, too. And the fortieth has nothing to
pay. That Is a record I am proud of. It Is wrong to stay sick
when a chance like this Is open. If well, you should tell others who
are sick, of my offer. Don't let a sick friend stay sick because he
knows not of my offer. Tell him. Get my b»ok for him. Do your
duty. You may be sick yourself sometime. Sick people need help.
They appreciate eympathy and aid. Tell me of some sick friend.
Let me cure him, Then he will show to both of us his gratitude.
Tout reward wUl be his gratitude. Send for the book now. Do not
delay. <J
Castr st»*» *rtA2» iMofc-jroa w»Bt Book No. 2 on the Heart. j
mm r>- «v~~ w~ nt*A Book No. 8 on th» Kidntji.
y---- t . yf\M. Book No. B for Men (eenitSX
l Book If a. 6 ea Rheumatism.
Hfi* mw. set etrocia •*• *ftr» ecu eg wtth oo« «r too bottla*. At «ru»ri»t».
/f&\ IMPROVED /t^ \
m^ Eyeglasses m
Q Spectacles C
T owardtcjrVulszsttiOQ on©*iong
step — •Sthilliag ? a Best at
he me and in trade
Hare you fnkgtvfc?
Monevhack.
Impressed tbe Ganery Gods.
Actors frequently received unexpect
ed proof of the realism of their art.
This story, which Is reported from a
Chicago theater, is like the Btory of
th<» artist who painted a fire so vivid
ly that his servant threw water on it.
"Hamlet" was the play. In the gal
lery two small newsboys were watch
lrjs with breathless interest. The last
act was drawing to a close. The duel
almost dragged the boys from their
chairs.
Before their eyes the Queen was
r>oisone<3. Laertes killed, the King
killed, Hamlet killed. On the final
tragedy the -curtain started down. The
audience was spellbound.
. In the gallery sounded a clatter and
crash as one of the boys bolted for the
door.
"Come on. Jlrnrayl~ he shouted back
to his "pal." "Hustle up! Dey*U be
extras out on dls."
To him the acting had been at least
as real as news. — Youth's Companion.
,* T>^7-FTt.TTR-P!-M-BTTTff,
CLOTHINC NEWS
Beginning To-Morrow and Continuing All the Week
A Special Sale of
Boys' Long Pants Suits
PRICES GREATLY REDUCED
Parents will welcome this opportunity to
secure a strong and durable "Roos-Made" suit
for the growing boy at a great saving.
Fancy Single Breasted Sack Suits in
Cheviots and Tweeds, sizes 13 to 19
65 Suits, formerly $8.50 = ■ Now at $6.75
89 Suits, formerly 10.00 - Now at 7.75
78 Suits, formerly 12.50 = - Now at 9.5O
91 Suits, formerly 15.00 = Now at 11.75
C These Goods Are All Good, Solid Weight
KEARNY AT POST
SAYS RAILROAD
AIDED SCALPERS
Some Sensational Charges Are
Made by a Broker in Liti
gation of Bailway Companies
SECRET AGREEMENT MADE
Now Orleans Man Declares
That Louisville and Nashville
Agent Honored All Tickets
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 6j—Sensa
tional statements are contained ln af
fidavits filed to-day by Ticket Broker
Charles T. Kelsko and others in the
suit brought by several railroads ln
the Federal court hero to prevent
"scalping** durtag the carnival and
subsequently. Kelsko swears that his
firm had business arrangements with
the Louisville and Xashville -Railway,
made direct with C. P. Atmore, Its
then general passenger agent, where
by It was agreed that in consideration
of the firm's routing and ticketing pas
sengers via the Louisville and Nash
ville the road would agree to stamp
and validate without Question all re
turn tickets, both Ironclad and other
wise, which the firm would purchase
and sell and if from any causa these
tickets should be refused on the. train
the fare paid would be reimbursed to
the firm. Kelsko charges that reim
bursements were at all times made to
him- He swears the agreement was
verbal and that Atmore terminated it
when the Louisville and Nashville
joined the local association.
Five similar affidavits were filed
by the scalpers, the other roads affect-
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
DAKOTA GIVEN
HER FIRST DIP
Screams From Whistles and
Cheers From Thousands Greet
Launching of New Vessel
CHRISTENED WITH WINE
Governor Chamberlain and
Many Other Notable Citizens
Are Present at the Ceremony
GROTON, Conn., Feb. 6.— The steam
ship Dakota, for the Great Northern
Steamship Company, was successfully
launched to-day from the yards of the
Eastern Shipbuilding Company amid a
din of salutes from whistles of vessels,
factories and locomotives and cheers
of fully E000 spectators. Miss Mary
Fleming of Ellendale, N. D., was spon
sor, and as the great craft began to
slip away from the christening stand
she broke a bottle of champagne on the
prow, saying, "I christen thee $>akota."
In the christening stand were Gov
ernor Abram Chamberlain, President J.
J. Hill of the Great Northern Steamship
Company and 'members of the Boards
of Trade of Minneapolis and St. Louis,
with ladles. The christening was with
wine, contrary to the desire of many
women of the Dakotas that water be
used.
The Dakota, like her sister ship the
Minnesota, which was launched at the
Eastern Shipbuilding Company's yards
ln April, 1903, is of the largest type of
cargo and passenger vessels built ln the
United States. The dimensions are:
Length 630 feet over all, 73 feet 4 Inches
breadth. 56 feet molded depth, Sa. feet
draught and gross tonnage 22,000 tons.
Triple expansion engines of 11,000 horse
power driving twin screws are expected
to develop an average speed of fourteen
knots an hour.
The contracts for the Dakota and the
Minnesota were awarded early in 1900
to the Eastern Shipbuilding Company,
the contract price for each vessel being
$2,500,000. In June of that year work
was commenced on permanent ways.
The keels were laid in September. The
vessels were designed by "William A.
Fairburn, the marine architeot of the
shipbuilding company, embracing the
ideas of James J. Hill, president of the
Great Northern Railway Company. It
is estimated that the Minnesota will
be ready for her sea trial trip next
July and the Dakota in September.
DENVER- WILL SOON
VOTE ON NEW CHARTER
Proposed Organic Law Provide* Coun
cil of Two Branches and Fonr-
Ycar Tenure.
DENVER, Feb. 6. — The second
charter convention held since the adop
tion of the constitutional amendment
giving Denver home rule to-day com
pleted the preparation of a charter
which will be submitted to the vot
ers March 29.
A Council of two branches, as un
der the old charter, is provided for.
The Mayor and other elective execu
tive officers are to hold offlco four
years. Members of the city boards
are to be appointed by the Mayor and
are subject to removal at his pleasure.
An election commission Is created
which will have power to purge ths
present registration lists of the thou
sands of names said to be fictitious or
to have been illegally retained on tho
books. The charter limits all fran
chises granted to twenty years and
reserves to the people the right to
regulate rates for service.
Parisians smoke cigarettes made of
the leaves of the coffee plant Those
who have tried them prefer them to
tobacco cigarettes.
ed being the Queen and Crescent and
the Texas and Pacific
Judge Parlange said he would ren
der a decision Monday.
JURY'S VERDICT
FREES BUTLER
Finds the Millionaire St. Louis
Politician Not Guilty of
the Bribing: of Officials
FEIENDS ARE OVERJOYED
Acquitted Man Sheds Tears
When Receiving the Con
gratulations of His Son
FULTON, Mo.. Feb. 6. — The Jury in
the case of Colonel Ed Butler, the mil
lionaire St. Louis politician, on trial
here on a charge of bribing nineteen
members of the House of Delegates
of St. Louis, to-day returned a verdict
of not guilty.-
When the verdict was rendered a
dozen of Colonel Butler's friends gave
a wild shout and dashed out into the
street to spread the news. Butler
stepped Quickly forward and shook
hands with Foreman Rosser. Then
he walked down the line of Jurors,
ehaking hands with each.
When he had finished shaking hands
with the Jury Colonel Butler turned,
to his son, Eddie, the big blacksmith.
There were tears ln the old man's eyes
and the young man, unable to speak,
grabbed his father and kissed him. •
Circuit Attorney Folk, who waa ln
the courtroom, appeared dumfounded.
"I thought the State had a good
case." he said. "Beyond that I have
nothing to say at this time."
About eighteen ballots ware taken,
according to Foreman Rosser, and at
the start the Jury stood ten for acquit
tal and two for conviction.
"One of thoaa voting to convict
changed after the first ballot," said
Rosser. "The other man held out
stubbornly until 9:45 o'clock this
morning, when he finally came Into
line. The Jurors did not want to con
vict the defendant on the testimony of
boodlers and perjurers,' whose state
ments were flatly contradicted by men
of good character."
J. P. MORGAN PURCHASES
BURCHARD COLIiECOTON
Norman French Romances Will Be
Added to library of Xew York
Millionaire.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6. — J. P.'Mor
gan has purchased the Louis Sayre
Burchard collection of Norman
French Romances, for which several
universities and colleges of America
have been negotiating. The price paid
has not been made public.
The library, which will be added to
Morgan's private collection ln his
Madison-avenue home, was gathered
by a student of the chivalry of the
fourteenth, fifteenth and sixteenth
centuries and contains more rare il
luminated manuscripts and block
printed books than any other collec
tion ln this country, with possibly one
exception.
ROOSEVELT INDORSES
THE WORK OF RESCUE
President Expresses Kindly Senti
ments ln the Interes of Florence
Crlttenton Home.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 6. —
Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett addressed
the executive committee of the Na
tional Council of Women to-day ln the
Interest of the Florence Crittenton
homes for the rescue of young women
and read the following letter from
Prsident Roosevelt:
Mjr Dear Madam — I wish you all poaalbla
succe*s with your work. I have Ions fe!t that
there was a peculiar claim for philanthropic
work on behalf of th« very people whom you
are striving to aid. In our social system they
pay so heavy a penalty for wronKdoinjr and
tho road to reform and rehabilitation is made
so difficult that I can conceive no more
worthy work than that of institutions such aa
the one under your management. With all
rood wishes, I am. sincerely yours.
THEODORE ROOSEVEL.T.
JUDGE CLANCY OVERRIDES
THE "FAIR TRIAL" ACT
Declares the Law Passed by the
Montana Legislature) to Be
Unconstitutional.
BUTTB, Mont, Feb. 6. — In the Dis
trict Court here to-day Judge Clancy
denied a motion for a change of venue
under the law that was passed by the
last Legislature on the ground that, in
the opinion of the court the law is
unconstitutional. Mandamus pro
ceedings will be begun immediately in
the Supreme Court to compel Judge
Clancy to grant the change of venue
under the new law that was passed by
the last Legislature.
Fire Inquiry to Continue.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. — Formal applica
tion was made to-day by State's At
torney DIneen -for a special Grand
Jury to investigate the Iroquois
Theater fire. . It is planned by DIneen
to make the inquiry exhaustive and
every effort will • be made to fix the
criminal responsibility for the flre, if
any exists.
Burnt Cork of Commerce.
There is a small factory on the Bow
ery where burnt cork used by minstrel
companies and blackfaced artists of
the present day is manufactured. The
business was started In 1877 by Ed
Mills, an .old minstrel. When he died
his widow took charge. About seven
years ago she retired, selling out to a
German who used to be a ■ watchman
in one of the Bowery variety theaters.
The business is still run 'in her name.
"The decline of minstrelsy," said the
factory proprietor to the Sun reporter,
"has injured this industry a great deal,
but I am still able to make fair profits.
There is only, one other' firm, some
where out West, that manufactures the
stuff, and the competition does not do
me much harm and I am able to get
along. Of course, the business is not
what it used to be, but with the advent
of modern theaters and the introduc
tion of incandescent lights it might be
worse.
"In former years most of the min
strels used to burn old corks over. the
gas and , use them.; But the j introduc
tion of electricity has done away with
that. Minstrels now prefer the pre
pared cork, because it is handler and
cheaper. Th'e stuff sells for 50 cents a
pound, and this quantity is sufficient
to last for months. The cost of manu
facture is small and if I had enough
customers I would be able to earn plen
ty of money."— New York Sun,
t{- ADVERTISElfCENTS. > !
HOW TWO BEAUTIFUL WOMEN ESCAPED
DREAD CATARRH BY USE OF PERU N A
Catarrh Robs Women of Health and Beauty.
Pe-ru-na Makes Women Healthy and Beautiful.
Q; j^jjS35£53*§5i5?^L Pi Miss Amanda Johnson. Falrchlld. TVis.. -writes:
rt jr^^f&Wvr^fv^^^^^^^^^ o *** writ ® to tel * you how rnuch Peruna benefited me. For
V /^^UmW^Mivi'V^ftf/^y^^^^^^^ '$ a number of y cars I had pain ln my head around my eyes.
£ (\ \\inillfl^L^^^^^^\. '& and 1 thou sht it was because my eyes needed treatment.
K M^W^^^^C^^^MWM^^^^^^^^ £ 80 I went to an 0CulIst and had passes ««ed to my ey-s
8 rmi\\^h^^^^^^Wlu^^^^^^/^'-^^ :^^\ X and wore them for some time, but felt no relief whatever,
b /MW^V\^^^^^M»^^^^^^^^^r*I^?^^\^\' « In fact - I * elt than before, and came to the coneiu-
S Xj/W^^^^^^M^Mj^^^*^^^^^^^5^^^j*tL>s X sion that the trouble was not with my eyes, but with my
R I )Wt!a^^g^SBw^MaggS«f^^^Si*^^^=>'^^^^^SW\ 35 head and that it must be catarrh. As so many of my
S >[v<^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Si^^ > J)*Ft? S friends had used Peruna with benefit for this trouble. I
V. J.^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^N^^^^^^^/Av i% thought I would try it. I was not sorry that I did so. for
?v ll^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^S 1^^^/^^ 8 ln a short time I began to improve, and in four weeks my
* fiw^ K eyes were ln splendid condition, my general health was
« l^»g^g.jg=^g>'>>*^- - in^^g§t^>^:^wg*gg^y In , CL much improved and all the catarrh of the head was gone.
« jT§^ — "— -~~ =^?'"^v JjJ S * was Slad to get rid of this trouble and am slad to en-
i; f Y<$$S>?s5&*fcZ<^~ _Jr ~ 8 dorse such a good medicine as Peruna." — Miss Amanda
with catarrh ever since I was very 8 Afflicted lll|^=^gg|^=^||gS^=r~r^^^ S
serious to be obnoxious until last winter. p Catarrh &
Then my head and nose were so stopped & ' g
up that I felt I must do something. « Can Be ESSeEES=^^ g
Peruna was ■ recommended to me by a O Either • im^*jX^ *
found to my relief that it cured me. I Beautiful *^^§^^=^^i0§z^2' «
head is clear, and I can safely affirm t> ■ • , ""^r^^j^^^^^^*^. >^*> ££
that Peruna cured me."— Miss Flora S ■ >T^ag**=5^^^^^--- ■ — "^ -^ §
Hundreds of Women Cured by Pe-ru-na $ /{^v^-^^^^^^^^^^^^ !^ "^^^
DR. HARTMAN has probably done, g . MISS Flora Hauscr. j§
toward popularizing a means of £8*^}*£!8il£8*^£8il£8*3*£C8*^^ «
escape from the facial deformities, •.,,_ ,..,_ * * * * ,,,,, *^w
puch as watery eyes twisted nose, often- Many a girl has regained her faded fastened itself ln some part of the sy«-
slve breath, dry cracked lips, due to the beauty, many a matron has lengthened tem.
ravaging effects of catarrh. the days of her comely appearance by Peruna acts quickly and beneficially on
He has made chronic catarrh a lifelong using Peruna. the inflamed mucous membranes lining
studv His remedy popularly known as Peruna produces clean mucous mem- the different organs of the body. Thus it
Peruna, Is the most famous remedy for branes. the basis of facial symmetry and will cure catarrh wherever located,
catarrh in existence. a E, e . rfect complexion. j t you do not derive prompt and satla-
Probably there is not a man or woman. The women have not been slow to dls- f actory results from the use of Peruna,
boy or girl, within the bounds of the cover that a course of Peruna will do wrlte at once t0 Dr Hartman. giving a
United States that has not heard of Pe- more toward youthful beauty full state ment of your case and he will
runa. By far the largest majority have than all the devices known to science. be p i eased gi ve . you hiH valuable ad-
n««f»d Peruna. While It is true that Peruna cures ca- v lra gratis
The Stude of people that have tarrh wherever located, yet it is advisa- vice gratis.
been cured of chronic catarrh by using ble for every one to use Peruna as a pre- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Peruna can never be known. ventlve and not wait until catarrh has Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
CASH HOLDINGS
ARE REDUCED
New York Associated Banks'
'Statement Shows Heavy In
crease in the Week's Loans
ESTIMATES GO AWEY
Figures Based Upon Traceable
Movements of Coin Prove
to Be Far Wide of tho 3Iark
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The Financier
this week says: The prominent feature
of the official statement of the New
York Associated Banks last week were
Increases to new high records in loans
and in deposits and an important re
duction in cash holdings, resulting in
a decrease ln the surplus reserve.
The loan expansion of $4,298,700 was,
as has been the case in previous weeks,
due chiefly to corporation and stock
exchange loaning, though It would ap
pear that the former- -was quite mid
crate.
The increase in the loan item last
week made the expansion since Janu
ary 2 J9O.280.30O, to J998.850.S00, or within
51,149,200 of the billion dollar mark.
The increase of $3,212,700 ln deposits
makes the new high record of $1,027,
156,500, and the gain since January 2
has been $240,997,500.
The cash showed a net reduction of
$2,483,100, legal tenders falling off $2,
952,500 and specie Increasing $498,400,
whereas the estimates, which were
based upon the traceable movements of
money during the week, Indicated a
gain in cash of $2,264,200. The discrep
ancy between the estimated gain and
the loss as recorded by the bank state
ment was probably due to unreported
withdrawals from the banks and also
to the bringing over into last week the
four days' average of the $2,800,000 pay
ment In the previous week of the Cen
tral Pacific note.
The Increase of $3,S32,700 in deposits
caused an augmentation of $802,175 in
the required reserve, which sum added
to the net loss of cash made a decrease
of $3,266,275 ln the surplus reserve to
$21,842,775. Calculated upon the basis of
deposits, less those of $36,983,300 of pub
lic funds, the surplus is $31,066,100.
It is noteworthy that whereas recent
statements | have . shown a good proof,
last week's returns failed to prove by
$1,397,100.- the increase in deposits being
greater by this amount than the sum
of the gain in loans less the net loss of
cash. ; The deposits were . in excess of
loans. last week. by $28,305,700, against
$29,391,700 In the previous week.
: It Is reckoned that the household and
personal i refuse of all kinds and street
sweepings of a town amount , to j about
half a ton annually per head of the pop
ulation,- or . in London 60,000 tons per
areek. - — „
3IURDEKERS FIND
REFUGE IX SWAMP
Mississippi Xegro and Wife Kill Of
ficers' Bloodhounds and Prepare
for Fight to Death.
VICKSBURG, Miss., Feb. 6.— Driven
to bay in a dense swamp, near Green
wood, Luther Holbert and his wife,
wanted at Doddsvllle for the murder
of James Eastland, are prepared to sell
their lives dearly. The negroes to-day
killed four of the State's bloodhounds
that had tracked them into the swamp.
Several hundred men from four coun
ties are guarding every exit from the
swamp. Unless the couple attempt to
break through the cordon to-night, the
posse plans to beat the woods thor
oughly in the morning. Holbert's wife
is dressed in male attire and both she
and her husband are heavily armed.
Two negroes were killed by a posse
near Belzonla, Yazoo county, to-day.
One of them, thought to be Holbert,
showed fight when called upon to halt
and both were shot to death.
The present scene of action Is in Ig
nore county, the chase having led
across three counties.
Value of Learning to Knit.
Fifty years ago every woman and
girl was taught to knit as part of her
education. Now, however, compara
tively few are taking to knitting
needles with any seriousness or inten
tion. Young women should become ex
pert knitters not because they cannot
buy things as cheaply .as they can
produce them, but with a view of that
far-off day which is certain to come In
time— the . day of. old age. To the
brightest girl there may fifty years
hence arrive the day of deafness,
when the voices of music shall be
brought low, or the day of blindness,
when the fair world shall be dim and
__■■_•_*___; ADVERTISEMENTS.
«SAVE MORE THAN
DIAMONDS
EASY PAYMENTS
Don't buy a Diamond Ring, stud or other
article until yon have seen the wonderful
Zambesa Diamond. We are selling
. them at a fraction of the price of Trust DU-
- mends," and on Easy Monthly Pay-
merits* Order one on approval for inspec-
tion — if you like it and want to keep it, you can
make a small payment, then send the balance
to us at the rate of two dollars monthly. Illus-
trated Catalogue answers every question — send for a copy to-day. Only the finest
solid gold mountings used and written guarantee given with every sale. We are a
responsible incorporated company with a capital of $100,000. and take all the risk
of submitting our goods on trial. We have put Diamonds within the reach of any
person who can pay a dollar or two monthly. Delivery guaranteed within one
' week. ' Please write for catalogue; it's worth its weight in gold to anyone interested
in Diamonds.
BOYLSTON DIAMOND CO.
379 Boylston Building, - Chicago, III*
3IRS. OELRICHS ROBBED
OF A GOLD HANDBAG
Thief Obtains Keys to Safe Deposit
Box Holding Possessions Valued
at a 3Ullion Dollars.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6. — Scores of de
tectives are trying to locate a solid
gold handbag belonging to Mrs. Her
mann Oelrichs, which is worth several
thousand dollars, and which contains
the keys to her safe deposit box ln a
well-known trust company, where ara
stored jewels and securities valued at
more than a million dollars.
Mrs. Oelrichs gave a dinner to fifty
friends and then took all of her guests
to Pembroke Jones' ball at Sherry's.
Arriving home late, Mrs. Oelrichs had
no occasion to ascertain if everythlns;
was safe and it was not until late tha
next day that she discovered her loss
of the gold bag. Fearing that th«
thief in possession of her keys might!
reach her safe deposit box and steal
all of her securities there, Mrs. Oel
richs immediately notified the Lin
coln Safe Deposit Company, where her
valuables are kept, and every day
since then detectives have been on
guard before the little box In order to
arrest any person who might attempt
to open It. '
darkening to twilight or night. To ths
gayest of us all may come ln tha far
off time of the future a period of great
loneliness, for "friend after friend da
parts." ■
When one cannot see well or hear
well, when acauaintancea are few and
hours drag, there is great satisfaction
in being able to employ the fingers. A
good knitter uses hers with the swift
ness of an automaton. She slta in the*
firelight and knits, an embodiment or
content. — Washington Star.
2324
ADVERTISEJEE2JTS. - ' \"'V^.^
Wm. T. Quinlan cf Albany, N. Y., Ordered to Hot Springs to Save
His Life From Comiurnption, Was Cured at Home in Two
Months by lWfy's Pure Malt Whiskey.
y^ xssa^^ "1 Began to Improve," He Says, "With
// the First Dose; Quickly Gained 20
ft e*~ - mi Povnds and Am To-day in Ab-
V$%£~"2&/**&^k \V solutely Perfect Health —
IMiPf^lli Mi 5 Savcd My LiIc *"
tf^f {JT^teZPlX /wlr **I always had tendencies toward lung
X&tMfrl'/-^' £%***&*. '%dMyl trouble, and for many years have suf-
TSr 1 '^ £t£rt?'\ vi V y i"-red a prcat deal with heavy colds and
P|E» jfy, «'i],f!VS!?»T congestion of the lungs. Was growing
xSr*WOkfi»^iSiV > l,\ J worse daily. My family and friends
knew I had so-called incurable consump-
iP fj i*^®3K l '^XilL lion Hnrt """god ra" to go to Hot Springs
vV/!«V»*VcX* j if v w__ «»r the Northern Woods as a last resort.
.>flt-»£ '^** M^AJK^ But I was too weak to travel and gave
>^%^fii^^4»2^**^\. \ ' "My doctor finally prescribed Duffy's
* > Pure "Malt Whiskey, and with the first
; \V?l{^v^pv??3?PiZ-r \ * Jose improvement set in and hope re-
/ KMw^wK-^^ay 1 vived. I stayed risht at home in Albany
/ \\UVJ 6S},/rfiw/ J and kept on taking Duffy's and in two
( / \\\j Yy^'ftlt'/'l/il/ 1 / months my lunps were as sound as a
• I vft'f// I / dollar. I had gained twenty pounds, and
7 \V|v<// 'if I arn tq-day in absolutely perfect health.
/ V !'</// / 1 Duffy's saved my life."
/ VlilV / » WILLIAM T. QUINLAN,
V / 123 Second St., Albany, N. Y.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
Has Cured Thovsands ol Cases Where All Else Failed.
" Mjnv nf thfn worse ev<m than Mr. Quinlan's. It will cure you. For fifty years
?t H S brrn M-^mbcd S ov7r 7000 doctors, and used in 2000 leading hospitals
as the one positive cure for consumption, -coughs, colds, grip, bronchitis, asthma.
pleurisy, pneumonia, catarrh and all dis-
r.-.s. -• of thmat ;ir,d Iwncs: indigestion. 551 *^
dyspepsia and every form of stomach lc * <k. I/aS^.
trouble- riervarjsness, malaria ana ail /"S^iV -^^^""""^""""^^rlCtf^V
• low fevers. It is invaluable for all ,j%5xV^
weakened run-down, diseased conditions y/V>VHlr£ >TVaV
of body, brain, nerve and muscle. ff^/ >fA XVjKl
The sreat BOCCtSM of Duffy's Pure Malt f/Sff SrB l*fiBlk VONC
Whiskey lies ':\ the fa.-t that it not only //O/ ISi t£wS3l*a WjVk
k-'Jr- the germs ■::■.:•} checks the disease. ll(*yf Tgy&k /JpC&&r Awll
h-.:T also purified the blood. stimulates ffCOl wPffi&^^O^L \l>\\
I. <■ • ■ i rr::U»t:"n. strengthens the heart's il^f V*tQBr&KZj9tijm*L. IHll
action, soothes f-V- jw.r-.--s. an<i invigor- ll^'J Jth\ v^ Svu£3K£@M, fmif
a-..«: and builds ur; tr»e whole system and tl 1 J0? ±\^ fta3^Rfffl| IQll
KECP3 d oS>\oUN 3--Y0UMG STR0\G. % V_K If
Duffj-'s E»nre Mali.* 'VlTiiskey promotes mfib^&§^,jr/ Jf
health, maintains henJt^ .".i;_ ( f enables one str
s.irrip ■■:" men nnd »»>men who have
passed the century Tvirk ?iv.» all the )M^IS^
credit to Duffy's and s*y for years it has . .
been their only mediefcw. ... . . . : .
It is aa absolutely ;hire distillation of malt, contains no fusel oil. and is the
only whiskey recoKuiz'.wi by the Government as a medicine. This is a guaran-
tee." Agrees "with the rr.*3st delicate stomach.,
: CAXTTIOJ^— \5Tliea yc.» a«3t for Duffy's Pu.-te Malt Whiskey Ise sur« you sret the
resdne tTnscrupulcns dealers, mindful of the excellence of this preparation,
will try to sell you cheat- limitations and malt whiskey substitutes, which are put
en the market for profit c»1t, and which, far from relievinr the sick, are posi-
tively aaraifuL Bernard V 3>nffy's" and be sure- you sret it. It is the only abso-
lutely pure Malt Whiskey vrhich contains mndicinal, health-oivizitr Qualities.
Duffy's Pure Kalt Whisker is sold in sealed laottlas only; never in flask or bulk.
Look for the trade-mark, tti> "Old Chemist." on the label, and be certain the seal
over the cork is unbroken. Baxraxe of roJUlafll ho'.tlea.
Sold by ali drupjjists and grocers, or direct. ?£00 a bottle. Medical booklet
free. Duffy Malt Whiskey Co.. Rochester, New* Mork.
JAPANESE SITLITARY
>li:iHca\I. SERVICE
The British Medical Journal-says the
Japanese military rs«?dical arrange
ments are so extreniLSj' up to date as
to be scientifically comparable with
those of any nation, ■ofiiile in point of
generosity of the provision of medical j
oncers, elasticity and a.<iaptableness to
varying conditions, the difference is,
perhaps, in favor of Japan. Thus,
while base hospitals, fieJd hospitals,
dressing stations of three f^pes, bearer
companies and hospital ships all find
their place, each division of the army
has a medical reserve, which is mobil
ized simultaneously with i^ and serves
in the ba3e ot reserve hospitals. The
medical department also has its own
independent transport, and every in
fantry regiment, cavalry, artillery, en
gineer and general transport battalion
has a medical Ftaff attached to . it
of a very complete kind. Besides all
these standing arrangements, the reg
ulations provide for an automatic ad
dition to the personnel of the hospitals
in accordance with the number of pa
tients present, without reference to>
headquarters. Moreover, so long as a
military medical officer remains In.
chief command additions may be made
"from the civilian population; every
thing, too. is done to facilitate the co
operation of the Japanese Red Crossi
Society. The Russian arrangements
ere also good upon paper, and Russian
military surgeons have an advantage;
over the majority of their European
colleagues, inas:ruieh as that they
habitually do the work of nearly all the\
civil hospitals.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t
Breaks up Grip and ]
Many cases of Grip and Influ- '
enzagostraighttothe liver, pro- '.
duefng Jaundice. The skin gets ;
as yellow as a duck's foot. The
use of Humphreys' ««77»» an £
Specific 1O puts the liver in.
working order and cures both "
Grip and Jaundice. The em-
barrassing yellow skin is grad-
ually absorbed.
"77" cures Coughs, Grip, In-
jfluenza, Catarrh, Sore Throat,
and Colds that "hang on." '
At «rus«1«t»', 25 cents each, or mailed.
Hurnphreye' IJed. Co.. Cor. William & John
Streets. Xew Tork.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
#BDSEUU OF flHftTOHYJ
\ <Of " The Larvett A-aatemioX M nai in tl e \
-<fl ii L rJV>tu V.'ot.d V> '•ikr.cswes or •;,» enctracted A
7 BWTk^ dne»*< p«»"«»«''yror»*n y thcoideM T
© /fc t I i I* tfa!l » : °° ttx Couu E»t 3* y«srw O
A tt§^fi OB. JOEDAH-DJSEASES OF MEN 5
\ f &t~xbn Coixultitkm free »r.d fri'.tij prlnte. \
O I X/t&n T '«* tI " e! ' t pmoMl'j rr t_r lertcr. A §
T 1 if g U fenntt Cwi ia erery tf.t nadcrukea. \
AM. ii\ Writ* for Bock. FHlLOCOPBTaf A
Y » 1 KiMMCE, MAtLSB FKEK. (AY
V DC. J E3AS A CO.. 831 if art 1 1 HU. f . P. 9
'V M H.1 fg \^c&
I'urrljf v*s*inhlv. mild «n<J rell»b!«. Causes
|-<*r;«'-( -ji. ••><;• i. . ooir.plet* absotvlion and
l.calthrul IJXUlflllTj-. .
Kor the rurtr ut all ot the Etomach.
J.lvrr. lfctv»l». Ki4n*j-s,. Ulsdipr. Female It-
r^itulorltltft. Kltk Headache. Illlluusness. Con-
»Tt|,»tu>r., i'llm and all deranffements of the
InttrnaJ V!»ctia ZZe. a. box. At druR^Ut» er
fcj- mail. IIADWAT * CO.. Hew York.
JAPA333 MILITARY AND
NAVAL ESTABLJSIOfEXTS
jCopied Largely From Germany the
System by Which They Are
Maintained.
The Japanese army and navy are
creatediand sustained, as to personnel.
by a coesscription system, quite like
that of Germany. Theoretically "all
males between the* full apes of 17 and
40 years, who are Japanese subjects,
shall be liable to conscription." This ;
period is, moreover, divided up as fol- !
lows: <1> Active service with the col
ors, for three years in the army and
four years in the navy, by those who
have '"attained the full age of 20
years"; so that those who are between
17 and 20 are apparently exempt ex
'cept '"in time of war or other emer- ',
gency." (55 Rirst Reserve term ofi
•four years in the army and three
years in the navy, "by such as have
completed their service with the col
ors." (3) Second! Reserve term of five
years, "by those who have completed
their service in the First Reserves,"
and (4) ServJqe in the Territorial Army
for the remaining years by those who
have completed the preceding term.
But the last three services are merely
nominal, as the .First and Second Re
serves i and the .Territorial "Army . are
ordinarily called out only for drill
once a year .andi are mobilized, in or
der, "in time«of "war or of emergency."
Therefore- the actual service in bar
raclts is gendraSly only three yeans.
A very thozotugh method of drafting
carries lnta -^sftect; - these ■ provisions
and would m; eke -more than 200,000
young men areoually liable to service.
But as this ia*A' much larger number
than the Government could possibly
care' for of wtould need ■ In time of
peace there L^ a "sweeping: system
of exemptions'" "'that brings the num
ber of conscripts down within prac
tical limits. This system takes Into
account physical conditions, educa
tional' courses, individual and family
necessities,- official duties, business re
quirements, etc- .Even then, the num
ber of those- available who. pass the
examination is too -large, bo that it is
reduced by Dot.^ Those who are. fin
ally enrolled are. divided ' up among
the various lines of service according
to physique, ' former occupation and
attainments. ' "Conscripts for ■ active
naval service shall be selected from
youths belonging to the seacoast or
insular districts." The term of ac
tive service Is 'computed from-Decem
ber. 1 of each year; so that; the days
Just preceding, or following that day
are busy ones for those who are either
giving new conscripts 'jo.'' fine sehdtoft
or welcoming home those whose terms
have expired. — Chicago "Ihter" Ocean.
WAR REPORTS
* EXCITE TROOPS
Soldiers , at the Presidio Show Great
Interest In -News From the ;
Orient.
At the Presidio yesterday only the
necessary formations were gone
through with, as the troops had been
doing- heavy -work 'during the irtreek.
Many of the officers came Into town to
discuss the . latest war . news, while
those who . remained in the post were
all eager to. hear the latest from the
Orient. One and all agreed'that the
crisis was near at hand. Of, course,
no one ventured an opinion as to
what part • the United States would
play in the matter. Both the Tenth
Infantry, Colonel Charles H. Noble,
and the Twenty-eighth Infantry, Col
onel Owen J. Sweet, are in flrst-clasa
condition and ready to go. into'com
\paigrn services at twelve hours'^ no
tice. The enlisted men are all much
excited at, the possibility, of pending
war arid are all eager to. be in the
fray. The officers' wives, however,
take a very different view "and' are
greatly worried over the present sit
uation.
■ » ■
Heaven is not satisfied with fine linen
instead of fine living.
. . . ■ . - shoe
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 190J.
FINAL DECISION NOW
RESTS WITH JAPAN
Continued from Page 21, Column 6.
statesmen anxious for peace, .who
framed a pacific reply which re
ceived the imperial approval, but
was then transmitted to Admiral
Alexieff, the head of the war
party, "for final approval before be
ing delivered. The Japanese think
this insured the reply containing
more of war than of peace senti
ment.
Loorrus informed the President
that Griscom cabled that relations
between;. Japan and Russia might
be broken off "at any moment.
EMPEROR OF JAPAN
SUMMONS HIS WAR
CHIEFS TO COUNCIL
TOKIO, Feb. 6.— Field Mar
shal Marquis Oyama, chief of the
Japanese general staff; Admiral
Baron Yamamoto, Japan's Minis
ter of the Navy; General Terau
chi, Minister of- .War, and the
Minister of Finance have been re
ceived in special audience by the
Emperpr. Baron de Rosen, the
Russian Minister,, called on- the
Mikado's Foreign Minister, Baron
Komura, at 2 o'clock this after
noon and had a brief conference,
at which the Czar's- envoy had an
audience with the Emperor. -
It is understood that Russia's
reply to Japan's, latest note , w'a$
cabled by Viceroy Alexieff at Port
Arthur to Baron de. Rosen, here,
but whether the Baron has" yet
presented it to the Mikado or not
has not been positively ascer
tained. The Mikado's conference
with his Finance. Minister and
war chiefs immediately after see
ing the Russian Envoy gives rise
to the inference that the Czar's an
swer has been received and read.
JAPAN'S MIND MADE UP.
Will Pursue Her Chosen Policy Re
gardless of Russian Xote.
PARIS, Feb. 7.— Baron Hayashi. the
Japanese Minister to Great Britain, in
talking to a London correspondent of
the Figaro refused to confirm or deny
the correctness of the interview which
was published in the Mating stating
that he only authorized the official pub
lication of the following: • , , ;
"Russia's reply has not been received,
and so far as I know the situation is
unchanged. But if Russia will not ac
cept the clauses which Japan considers
essential war is inevitable."
" The Figaro's correspondent .concludes
that the tenor of the Matin's interview
represents Baron Hayashi's personal
views, adding that a short conversation
with the Minister suffices to snow that
he regards the situation as very crit
ical. /
Baron Hayashi during the/interview
expressed. the opinion that the optimism
of the French press was due tq the fact
that the Far Eastern question was less
studied in Paris than In London, and he
dwelt on the essential polnjt of Japan's
note demanding the mutual recognition
by Japan and Russia of the territorial
integrity and independence of China
and Korea, which amounted to a formal
recognition of Chinese sovereignty over
Manchuria, The Minister did not seem
to believe that Russia would accept
this.
♦The Matin's Cherbourg correspondent
announces that the .maritime prefect
there has issued a circular, reminding
officers -that the Minister "of Marine
alone can authorize foreigners , to enter
DR. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES. '
Mgf Reward
Backed up by otct a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other, remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce'a
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 ia legal
money of the United States, for any case
of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
6us, or Falling of Womb which they can-
not cure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cure.
"I used four bottle* of yoiir 'Favorite Pre-
scription' and one of 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery." " writes Mrs. Elmer 0. Shearer, of Mount-
hope. Lancaster Co., Pa., "and can ear that I aa
eared of that dreaded disease, uterine trouble.
'Am In better health than ever before. Every-
one .who tnovrs me is surprised to see me look
bo well. In June I was so poor in health that
at times I could not walk. To-day I am cured.
I tell everybody that Dr. pierce'* mediciaea
cured me." * • , ■
. .: Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is wal/ree on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing: only. Send 31
one-cent stamps for the qloth-bound volume.
Address World's Dispensary Medical Asso*
dation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
the arsenal. This circular is believed
to be due to the fact that one English
t and one Japanese officer wearing
'civilian clothing were taken into the
arsenal by a French officer. There is
: reason to believe, says the correspond
ent, that a French officer attached to a
submarine boat and a British naval of
ficer have been arrested in connection
with the affair.
According to the London correspond
ent of the Matin persons best qualified
to speak ' authoritatively regarding
Japanese affairs declare that Japan's
final decision has already been taken
and that Russia's answer, whatever
maybe its. tenor, will not make, any
difference. ..War, these persons say, is
Inevitable, for Japan henceforth will do
as ' she chooses without considering
what Russia may think of her actions.
The Figaro thia morning says it has
reason to believe that .Foreign Minister
Lamsdorff's dispatch contained only
the essential points of the Russian note
to Japan, the full text of which will
follow the dispatch in a few days. It
further expresses the belief that the
note will not constitute the Russian
Government's last, word, but will leave
room for further negotiations.
WAR CHESTS NEED FILLING.
Both Itussia'aiul Japan Face Financial
. Difficulties.
PARIS, Feb. 6. — Public attention Is
riveted upon the ominous war cloud
hanging over the Far East. The
newspapers reflect the public feeling
that war is very near at hand, only the
most conservative maintaining that a
pacific solution Is possible. It is no
ticeable that those having Govern
ment relations take a discouraging
view. Official opinion has clearly
turned: toward the, pessimistic idea, al
though not yet 'ready to concede that
the last chance has gt>ne. The offi
cials,' -however, are convinced that
Russia will not yield to Japan's de
mands relative to Manchuria, so that
'if war 'depends upon that issue it will
be for Japan to make a final decision.
In the" matter" of ' actual news the
Foreign Office was unable to-day to
give, additional information, as it has
not yet been officially advised that the
'Russian reply had been sent. The
last definite official dispatch from St.
Petersburg said the reply was expected
to be signed and sent on Thursday.
Since then there has been no official
advice that the reply has actually
gone.
In the meantime the embassies and
legations are the centers of unusual
activity in connection with the Far
Eastern situation. Embassador Por
ter sees Foreign Minister Delcasse fre
quently and also keeps in touch with
the Russian and Japanese representa
tives. Other members of the United
States embassy mingle In diplomatic
circles and exchange Information with
all their colleagues. Definite .results
are promptly communicated to Wash
ington.
: During one of these meetings Leroy
Beaulieu, the eminent author and au
thority on Russia ' and the Far Bast,
was encountered. Being asked what
heftthought of Russia's controversy
A T>Vr TTt '' r Tff '"'■'M'TiTTTff ■
Golden Oak or
Maple $13.50.
A desk of 'dainty^ design
and finish that " will .give
good service. Measures 28
inches wide and 39 inches
high. Contains large drawer
beneath writing surface, and
- the . interior is equipped
with convenient pigeon-
holes, shelves, etc.
Of course you will want
to size up our entire line of
desks -before buying — it is
without doubt the largest in
heither you want an in-
expensive tapestry Brussels
or a Royal Wilton, don't fail
; ; to visit our carpet depart-
ment. Qur patterns in all
grades are the best the mills
have thus far produced, and
many of them are exclusive
to us.
to 28 1 Geary, Street
At Union Square
-;^;';NEW ADVEKTISEMENTSL
Newbro's Herpicide
A "HAIR-SAVER" THAT CROWS IN POPULARITY
GOING FOR. HERPIC1DE-BUT NONE TOO SOON.
WHY ? Because dandruff is a contaazious disease DISCRIMINATING PEOPLE now resrard it a
and one cannot get away from it too soon. It is ow- duty to employ a scalp antiseptic that will insure
inxtto the highly contagious 'nature of dandruff that cleanliness and freedom from hair disease. This
the disease is so easily acquired. Washing and scour- "doty" becomes a genmne pleasure in nsinjr New-
injy the scalp will remove dandruff, but the cause of bro's Herpicide and on account of its refreshing qual-
the disease can be remorcd onW with a scalp eermi- ity and exquisite fragrance a pleasant habit ia nstxally
cide, and the original one is Newbro's Herpicide. formed for its use.
THE CHIEF reason for hair neglect and conse- J"S 1 HE " Pl i5/J^ l J^i5!J--^ friendof^mlne
quent hair los%is due to the oxtrmnely slow destruc- SJJ*3^ ™ a ? a To«r dSiih fuTieme^and I prom?t!
tive action of the dandruff microbe, thus ffivinjr the S 9^^^ 0^!^?^^^^^^ 1^^
remain in tne scalp. &nd ntycr fa - |s to cUre dandruff and stop falhnjc hair.
THE MERE fact that a tiny flake of dandruff — It stops itehinjr alrrrost instantly,
laden with dandruff contagion— finds its way into If IS ALWAYS SUCCESSFUL.
the healthy hair of a young person does not cause in*. «q have used your Herpicide whh great success. I
mediate dandruff and falling hair. Dr. Cartez of w » s nearly bald, and now fine hair has started to
F arw has toun<j that the dandruff microbe requires crrow and I think in a year or->30 I will have a nice
years of growth and development before it oroduces head of hair (Signed) "C. E. BUTLER,
dandruff: but after this the app4rent destruction be- "San Francisco. Cal."
com.es more rapid, causing in time itchintr of the CONSIDERS IT SUPERIOR TO OTHERS ,. . «
|t scab and falling; hair. .'.j haye uscd one bott j e of Heroi- KS§SJ
I irffi^l THE DISEASE DANDRUFF cide and found it to be all that you BSg^Z/A
&&lfl&fil may be gotten by chance, but in al- claim for it. In fact I consider it su- i|j||»I/ Hf\
' SSEjI&frattll mosl every case it is acauired throueh perior to the much advertised T~T 5 *^^^V/V
the neglect of certain rules for clean- and many other dandruff cures of the {TOfflfflj^
ggrafflSSjJifg Hn«ss that are best understood bv same character, inasmuch as it nd3 the
4§¥|gfflffl5gjK those whohave kept pace with recent scalp of dandruff without destrovmsj J\^Wr\f^
$$$E$m&Mm discoveries relative to the contacious the hair. (Signed) "GEO. FRENCH. &%@!Shy£)\'
s|hjB||||!§| nature of hair disease. "San Francisco. Cal."
At Leading Drug Store or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich., •C^^pM
S.end 10 cts. in stamps for sample to THE HERPICIDE CO., Detroit. >Mich. *
A Healthy Ha!r. "DESTROY THE CAUSE— YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT." » An tteheaithy Hair.
with Japan he made the following sig
nificant reply:
"Inlhe event of war I am convinced
that neither party will be able to con
quer the other — that is Russia will not
be able to penetrate into Japan and
administer a conclusive and lasting
overthrow and Japan will equally be
unable to penetrate into Russia and
give lasting effect to any temporary
triumphs."
Beaulieu seemed to base his convic
tion on the fact that after the first
great battle the contestants would find
the geographical obstacles 90 great as
to make decisive hostilities impossible,
Delcasse in personal conversation
with members of the diplomatic corps
does not conceal the gravity of the sit
uation, hut he holds that, even it a
diplomatic rupture occurs, this does
not mean an immediate outbreak of
hostilities. One of the leading diplo
mats asked Delcasse whether he con
sidered war a matter of a few days.
"On the contrary." the Minister re
plied, "I do not believe It likely to oc
cur for a month or two, even should
the negotiations completely fail."
This accords with the view of other
leading officials and diploma ts, who
hold that the failure of the negotiations
would be followed by a period of strat
egic preparations, of raising large war
funds and of maneuvering for position.
The raising of war funds is considered
here i as being one of the most vital
questions should the, negotiations fail.
Therefore a leading American official
sought to learn whether Russia would
be able to issue a loan and raise more
money here. He consulted with one of
the most eminent financiers of Prance,
connected with the Bank of Prance, and
this brought out some surprising state
ments concerning the enormous indebt
edness Russia has already incurred
here.
According to this financier Russia's
four loans total the colossal sum of
?1,45O,OOO,OOO, most of which came from
France. .Russia has now practically
used up these loans in building the
trans-Siberian railroad, the new fleet
and internal Improvements in the
waterways. The trans-Siberian line
alone has proved a terrible drain, the
deficit last year reaching 520,000,000.
Therefore in the event of a conflict
Russia must have some sinews of war,
and it is the conclusion of the financier
from the foregoing facts that she is not
likely to place a further loan in. Paris,
which heretofore has been her chief
financial reliance. On the other hand,
the diplomat compared this with the
announcement to-day from Tokio that
Japan has succeeded in securing volun
tary subscriptions of ,1,000,000 toward
her war fund. ,-i r J
"That would run a war for about one
day," said the diplomat. '.'With Russia
unable to get more money here anfl Ja
pan unable to get it at home, ft is be
lieved that if a break-down in the ne
gotiations occur each side will take a
long breath before fighting."
One of the officers of a trust company
of New York City who was recently
here reached the same conclusion— that
Russia would be unable : to make a
loan— after he had personally discussed
the subject with a number of leading
authorities on finance. ;
,A novel view is taken in a, certain
important diplomatic quarter— that the
moat effective means of preserving
peace Is for both Russia and Japan to
claim a great diplomatic victory, thus
satisfying home sentiment and subdu
ing the war spirit. This view finds
rather serious acceptance at the For
eign Office, of which the officials say
, that if 'negotiations happily result in
peace both • sides will claim a great
diplomatic triumph as a means of sat
isfying local sentiment. This ia given
by the officials as one of the main rea
sons why accounts vary concerning the
terms of the various notes, as it ia.
said that each side. has adopted a con
struction calculated to satisfy its own
people.' " ,.
~* One of the" most prominent ' of the
Russian officials said to-night that
definite knowledge concerning the con
tents of the Russian reply would be
communicated to the world certainly
by Monday. This official intimated
that at least some of the essential fea
tures had already been made known to
the French Government. He recogniz
ed that war would not be popular Jn
Russia because of the distance from
the scene of the conflict and the unfa
miliarity of the Russian people regard
ing the Question. At the same time
the official said:
""War can. be avoided if Japan is will
ing, for substantial concessions have
been ma9e upon which the negotiations
can continue. Russia is prepared for
eventualities and a rupture of the ne
gotiations — not aa ostentatiously as
Japan, but none the less effectively."
KURIXO PREPARES TO LEAVE.
Japan's Minister Will Close the St.
Petersburg Legation.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 6.—Jap
anese Minister Kurino is preparing to
leave St. Petersburg.
The Russian reply has been handed
to the Japanese Government by Baron
de Rosen, the Russian Minister in To
kio.
Russia is standing on the tiptoe of
expectancy and apprehension. Her
response having now reached the Jap
anese Government in Tokio. word
therefrom is awaited with extreme
anxiety. The feeling that Japan will
stand firmly on her former demands,
against whatever concessions Russia
can offer consistent with the mainte
nance of her pride, is becoming a con
viction here. An official of the For
eign Office said:
"The world understands our posi
tion pretty well. There is no reason
why the situation should be consid
ered changed. Russia has done her
utmost, but the other side must yield
if a common ground is to be found.
The Japanese people and. press have
been kept excited by false reports, In
vented, we believe, to create distrust
of our purposes and pacific Intentions.
How far the Japanese authorities can
withstand the popular tide is a ques
tion."
In sharp contrast with this calm
and even hopeful view voiced by the
Russian official is the gloom that pre
vails at the Japanese legation and
British embassy, where no efforts are
made to disguise the feeling of un
easiness. •
The belief, is almost openly express
ed here that if Japan considers the
ADVEBTISETVTTTWTS.
O o©oeeoe©«««©oo©©«©oooo©ooo«oooeooooooo*oo©
tTwentyYears of Cures £ii|ik
Twenty years of success- F& ]|OsSSd
ful practice in disorders *^\ y**0
of men enables us to guar- £^— JMi
antee cures and wait for
our fee until you are satis- ,/SsJsl%p
I d^Sent FOB MEN ONLY!
» WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
© If you suffer from any of the weak- We' cure you first and then ask a
© noi»sta or dlsiases caused by Ignorance. BrisnviBl v wtte> _k
O excess or eontaeJon YOU ARE THE REASONAULa: FEE when you ar«
f£ VERY PERSON WE WANT TO TALK cured. You can depend upon our word;
• TO- • ■ ' thousands of patlenta have indorsed us.
We have proven our skill in curing vow WE wivt -rn ™~»r< ■»/«-
O. Chronic diseases by publishing the many .^* J, WANT TO Ct-RE YOU
«j voluntary testimonials frcm home peo- with the distinct understanding that we
A rlo. giving names, pictures and ad- will not demand a FEE until we cure
2 dre«sea. you. This applies to LOST MANHOOD.
• WE CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURES Seminal Weakness, Varicoceie. Dlseare*
O IN PRIVATE DISEASES. ft th« Prostate Gland. Unnatural
Q Because it would bttray confldenc*. Losses. Contracted Ptaordem. nieet.
rt Hence we have to prov* our skill in Strictures, etc. (."nntavtous niood Pot-
J* this class of troubles in another way. son and all WEAKNESSES of men.
9 This ia our. Plan: Consultation and advice free.
O Home treatment cores. Writ* fox DBS. SHORES fc show-pi
• Xree «ymDtom ll«t if you cannot call. J^^Z-^ZT. — ?.°! M '
• Conaxatatloa fat penoa or ny letter EXPERT SPSOIAZaSTS.
O tree. » 933 Market B»^ Baa Traaolaoo.
reply unsatisfactory it will be the end
of diplomatic negotiations. Minister
Kurino and Sir Charles Scott. British
Embassador to Russia, have been in
close conference, evidently determined
upon action to be taken in case of a
rupture of the negotiations, which, it
is believed, will be immediately fol
lowed by the breaking off of diplo
matic relations. In this event Kurino
will ask for his passports and will
leave St. Petersburg: at once. The
Minister has anticipated such a con
tingency and is making arrangements
to vacate the legation building. It
was even reported to-day on appar
ently good authority that Kurino has
ordered a special car to be In readi
ness at the Warsaw station to take
him to Germany.
The current affairs of the Japanese
legation will be turned over to the
British embassy, if the worst occurs.
The absence of Kurino from the the
atricals srrven at the Winter Palace
last night, which were attended by
all the other Ministers and by the Em
bassadors, was generally remarked.
A dispatch received^ her© to-day
from Vladivostok says the hasty flight
of the Japanese residents there Is at
tributed to secret orders from the
Japanese Government. Neither per
suasion nor promises ot protection by
the Russian authorities had any ef
fect. The Japanese commercial agent
aided in the exodus. During the
course of the flight yesterday the
storekeepers sacrificed stocks valued
at several hundred thousand roubles
for five to ten kopecks. The neigh
boring towns are without hairdressers,
laundresses and maid servants, And
some of the factories are closed.
It ia added that there is general tr>
ritation in Vladivostok owin*; to en
tire lack of news, even in official quar
ters.
STRANGERS WARNED AWAY.
Must Leave the Precincts of Vladi
vostok's Fortifications.
VLADIVOSTOK, Feb. 6.— The author
ities here are apparently without infor
mation in regard to the general situa
tion. They receive casual Instructions,
from which it Is apparent that prepara
tions are on the Increase to. repel a hos
tile attack, but no compreHenslve steps
have been taken, nor has there been
any special allotment of funds, without
which many things ara impossible. The
movement of troops toward Korea has
Continued on Pn«© 25, Column 1.STRICT CENSORSHIP OF ALL
CABLE MESSAGES TO JAPAN
Continued from Page 24, Column 7.
been stepped. The public is greatly de
pressed by the uncertainty, and bank
ing and mercantile operations are at a
standstill.
Should Vladivostok be blockaded the
offices of the Ussurl Railroad and the
!aw courts will be transferred to Kha
barovsk and the administrative offices
to Xikolsk, UssurL The Oriental Insti
tute and ether educational establish
ments will be closed.
It is rumored that all strangers,
•whether Russian or foreign, will be re
quired to leave the precincts of the for
tifications, and the native residents will
be reQuired to provide quarters for S00O
foldiers, with horses. Orders to mobi
lize the reserves are expected hourly.
GliOOM LX GREAT BRITAIN.
Outbreak In tlie Balkans Maj Fol
low Clash In Far East.
LONDON, Feb. 6. — The prospect for
a. great war breaking out in the Far
East, which is acknowledged even In
hitherto pacific quarters, has been
brought appreciably nearer by the de
velopments of the last day or two.
That a Russo-Japanese conflict will be
followed by a Balkan outbreak, which
In time may develop Into a widespread
European conflagration, is considered
probable and Increases the depression
pervading all political circles In
England and on the continent.
The British Postofflce emphasizes
the critical state of the situation by
announcing that code telegrams can
not be accepted for any place in Japan,
thus conSrining the New York an
nouncements to the same effect.
A dispatch to Reuter's Telegram
Company from St. Petersburg ears:
"An authoritative statement from a
Russian source regarding the contents
of the Russian reply to Japan Is as
follows:
"If the Japanese Government Is ani
mated by the same pacific sentiments
ea the Russian Government there is
reason to hope that it will give Rus
eia's fresh proposals such favorable
reception as to permit mutual accord
being finally reached. Baron de Rosen
has been furnished with all the neces
sary instructions for a fresh phase of
the negotiations."
With reference to the reiterated
Ftatement from Russian sources that
Russia could not agree to a Japanese
fortification of Southern Korea, as it
would endanger the neutrality of the
Straits of Korea, the Japanese lega
tion said to-day that Japan had al
ready recognized the reasonableness
of this contention on the part of Rus
sia and had readily agreed that the
passages of the Straits of Korea should
he perfectly free. Japan, however,
refused to agree to the neutral zone
suggestion because she believed It
would become virtually a Russian
sphere of influence in view of Ru£
r'.a's large concessions on the Talu
"River. Moreover if Japan had grant
rd this demand it would have been in
opposition to Japan's contention that
the Independence and integrity of
Korea must be recognized.
The scare in city circles here was
shown to-day by a wild report cur
rent on the Stock Exchanse that a se
vere naval engagement had taken
place, in which three Russian and two
Japanese ships were sunk.
BERLIN STILL HOPEFUL.
Professes Belief Tbat Japan Will Con
tinue Negotiations.
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— The announcement
that Russia's reply was handed to the
Japanese Government to-day -was com
municated to the Government depart
ments and embassies this afternoon.
Although the Foreign Office has not
been advised of the contents of the
ret* Jt still believes Japan will avoid
war and probably realize part of her
aims by occupying several places, both
on the coast of Korea and in the inte
rior of that country, which, It Is again
paid. Russia would not consider cause
for war.
At a recent Russian court ball, the
Foreign OfHce Is informed, the Czar
grave the Japanese Minister his hand
and spoke to him In the most friendly
manner. This Incident Is quoted as il
lustrating the Czar's peaceful Inten
tions.
The T&geblatt finds direct German
interest in the crisis by announcing the
arrest of Captain Warnecks and other
cCcers cf the German ship Helena
R'.ckmers on board their ship at the
Japanese port of Moji for having locked
up their Chinese crew to keep it from
deserting. The Germans were released
en the application of the German Con
e-jI. and claims for $50,000 damages were
filed.
IiONBOy IS WITHOTJT XEW8.
Japanese Minister Has Conference
With Secretary Lansdonne.
LONDON, Feb. 6. — A day of tension
and apprehension has been passed
here and London is still without
definite information regarding devel
opments in theFar Eastern situation.
After a forenoo'a of intense activity*5a.t
the Japanese legation ilinister
Ilayashi drove to the Foreign Office,
v.here he was closeted with Foreign
Secretary Lansdowne for a little
while.
I*p to late to-night no further dis
patches had been received at the Jap
anese legation, the officials there In
sisting that, except for the news con
tained in the press dispatches, they
( v.-ere still without even an intimation
that the Russian reply to Japan's de
mands had been received.
Lieutenant General Sir Ian Hamil
ton, quartermaster general to the
British forces, will, it is announced, in
the event of war between Japan and
Russia be appointed British military
attache for the Russian force.
RUSSLA. HAS SUBMARINES.
Vrmy Officer Says Tiro Vessels Are
Now at Port Arthur.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— A Russian of
ficer who has lately returned from the
Far East is quoted by the Moscow cor
respondent of the Times to the effect
that the Russian Pacific squadron pos
sesses at least two submarines. They
were'feullt on the Black Sea, were car
ried East in sections and fitted to
gether at Port Arthur, where they now
The officer also states that the mouth
of th» Amur River la heavily mined,
and that the river Is equipped with
light craft, each patrolling about slxty
slx miles and carrying light artillery.
STATE OF RUSSIAN FINANCES.
Government Believes Required War
Fund Will Bo Forthcoming.
PARIS. Feb. 6.— The Temps' corre
spondent at St. Petersburg telegraphs
that the Russian reply is considered by
those close to Foreign Minister Lams
dorff as being of a nature to give sat
isfaction to Japan. He adds that, while
Ignorant of the contents of the reply,
it Is easy to divine that It is "couched
in most conciliatory terms and recog
nizes Japan's eoonomlo supremacy in
Korea, but opposes the erection of
fortifications at the principal strategic
points. In Manchuria Russia recog
nizes all the rights acquired, but will
make no engagements for the future."
The pacific disposition of the Czar
and Foreign Minister Lamsdorff is ex
pressed publicly. The Czar Is In ex
cellent humor and teems happy.
The mobilization of the expedition
ary co^ps is proceeding rapidly. War
will not be popular, and will not pro
voke enthusiasm, but will be none .the
less energetically conducted. The
finances of ttie empire are sufficiently
prosperous to provide the Government
with all the money it may need.
French" holders of Russian obliga
tions can close their ears to the cries
of alarm which have come them
from Germany and England and hold
all the Russian securities they possess,
knowing that Russia will not fail to
meet obligations.
TELEGRAPH CENSORSHIP.
Japanese Government to Pass Upon
All Private Messages.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The central of
fice of the Western Union cable service
announced to-day that private mes
sages In secret language cannot be ac
cepted for any place In Japan.
Commercial Cable Company Is
advised by the Japanese administration
that secret language Is prohibited In
private messages to Japan.
Later the Western Union was In
formed that the Japanese Government
had modified Its restrictions so that the
addressee of a code dispatch may re
ceive such cablegram provided he files
a copy of his code with the authorities.
Messages will be accepted, however,
only at sender's risk.
RUSSIAN CAUSES SEOUIj RIOT.
Attacks Woman and Encounter With
Gendarmes Follows.
SEOUL, Feb. 6.— Russian soldiers
have been the cause of a disorderly In
cident in Seoul. One of the Russians
seized a woman and an angry crowd
gathered- A body of Korean gendarmes
soon arrived at the scene of trouble,
and an encounter with the Russians
followed. The gendarmes fought well,
overpov.erlng the Russians, one of
whom was wounded.
An Insurrection has broken out sixty
miles north of Seoul, and the prefect's
house has been destroyed by the people.
Reply Forwarded to De Rosen.
PORT ARTHUR. Feb. 6. — Viceroy
Alexieff forwarded the Russian reply
to Baron de Rosen, the Russian Min
ister at Tokio, by telegraph and the
latter acknowledged its receipt. From
the Russian viewpoint the note is re
garded as pacific.
Flight of the Japanese.
HARBIN, Feb. 6. — The secretary of
the Japanese consulate at Vladivostok
has arrived here and has warned the
Japanese residents to leave. They are
all hurrying away, selling and even
giving away their belongings. The
price of food and fodder is rising.
JAPANESE ORDERED HOME.
Conscription Laws Will Be Enforced
on Subjects In America.
Japanese who are subject to the
conscription laws of their native land
have been ordered to return to Japan
by the first Bteamship. This Is the
WABNTB'S REMEDIES.
Bright' s Disease Cured
By Warner's Safe Cure.
Joseph Sherburne Murray, the Voted American Artist ana Athlete, la Xrast
Stare* of BrUrfct'a Disease, With Bloatlnr and Heart Failure, Bays
Ks Was Permanently Cured by 8afa Care. '■'*'*)
,^!g^*w "Z Grew Sapldly Worse; Could Keep
Wothinx on My Stomach; Iiost Weight,
y^g»p|jgg2=|=S|5^N>V and for Says Could Wot
J^^^^^^^^^^y\Y\\ "I wan taken seriously 111 In New York
Jn Wr&S^tZ^<> > *xS-vc5lvA\ Vl tv "'° y' sars a *?o; erew worse; had the best
Jg*£^^^;%§S; doctors. They said I had Bright's dis-
kk wEntflft*yZ£Z wXvll case and could do nothing for me. I
lfii>S@n*^i*««^£S^^ w'M'i'l ' commenced to bloat, had heart failure
W^^^'k^frS^X^S^ "i**W could keep nothing on my stomach, and
\SP" *JrS £>S*J« **zy tJsfSJ lost flesh rapidly. I could not work and
Ya£^ l ?&'vi>'-^?1 v f 4r 3or d a >* s was unable to leave my bed. »I
X r -5^4K^rt"\ i7 was ln the last st «fi:es of this awful dis-
>fe&&v. ' l /*'r'Sjr»\£, r ease, with death staring me in the face.
te/ji "•• I 1 "Happily for me, 'Safe Cure' was sug-
lutAW/ A rested and I took It as a last resort.
fti$iifclt£'£P' L ■ " z bearan to ret better with the first
bottle, improved steadily, and in four
J£k i£*£»g^£i i'i/*>- «*__ months every trace of kidney disease had
*^«?siw?3 &' V^V^- disappeared, my appetite was good, and
W±&§^S. \\ J G Qt back m >' health and strength, and
Slffiiratil l/f^i^^r never felt better in my life."
JOSEPH SKERBURN'E MURRAY
<^^^|»^^^^^^^iW^V^V\7 43 Broadwa J'- Rochester. N\ Y.
K- »ll>>§ i^^^^Wl I^J^V/ 7 ' Backache - headache stomach trouble,
"^>5%*? ' %%>>( /*7C%83&}\\ 7 Yj\VV • nervousness, bad complexion, skin affec-
ryf/ffii '4v^'//'//tf&tt-*//\&Xsl tions, weak heart, cloudy urine when it
Sy'jffl'k V* 5^^^^^^^?^^^ stonds 24 hours, and diseases of the
y% X/>. y^^vS^t&rw urinary and ternale organs, are every one
*•* *•» certain signs that your kidneys have
been diseased for months, and if allowed to run along without treatment. Bright' s
disease, diabetes, blood poisoning, will develop and death quickly follow.
Thousands of Men and Women Have
Kidney Disease and Don't Know It
until the final stages have been reached.
You haven't a minute to lose. Get a bottle of "Warner's Safe Cure, that has
been prescribed by doctors and used ln hospitals for 60 years as the only positive
•cure for all diseases of the kidneys, bladder, liver and blood — the only remedy
that cures and leaves no bad after effects. It has cured . thousands of cases
after all other medicines failed. If you have kidney trouble. Safe Cure , is your
only salvation. Read what Mr. Murray-says. We have thousands. of such letters
Safe Cure checks the Inflammation, drives out the disease, and' quickly puts
the organs into perfect condition so that they can do their work properly, and
makes and keeps you strong and well.
Safe Cure Is made of pure herbs and roots, and is guaranteed free from all*
dangerous drugs eo often found ln so-called kidney cures. All drug stores or
direct, 60c and $1 a bottle.
Befnse Substitutes and Imitations. They are danrerous. There is only o*e
Kidney Cure. It is Warner's Safe Core. It will cure yon and leave no bad after
effects.
If there is anything about your health or the health of your family that you
do not understand, or that causes you worry, write fully and ln confidence to our
doctors for free advice and counsel. Medical book free.' Address Warner's Safe
Cure Co., Rochester. N. Y. " " ■ , _ _
gAFE PILLS move the bowels ccatly. and a speedy, cure, v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
positive statement of K. Uyeno, tht lo
cal representative of the Japanese
Government.
Just how many of the little brown
men will ba affected by this ukase It
Is Impossible to state. Consul Uyeno
states that no list exists In thla country
and the conscripts receive their order
direct from, the home Government
through relatives In Japan.
According to th© laws of Japan, upon
the outbreak of war what Is termed the
"first call" Is sent out If deemed neces
sary by the Government This recalls
to Japan all those who have completed
their service in the Japanese army
within the last four years, no matter
what may be their present place of
abode.
Before being permitted to l*ar» the
Mikado's domain all Japanese subject
to recall under this law are required
to give a satisfactory bond. Insuring
their return when the Government feels
that their services may be required.
In this case the bondsmen of the "first
call" men were notified to produce them
at once, and as a result It Is probable
that the Gaelic, which sails for the
Orient on "Wednesday, will have on Its
passenger list the names of & number
of Japanese en route to defend the flag
of their native land. Among the local
Japanese these recall notices are con
sidered as practically a declaration of
war between Japan and Russia.
Consul Uyeno, when seen at his resi
dence yesterday afternoon by a repre
sentative of The Call, was very reticent
regarding the matter, claiming {hat h«
had no official intelligence which he
was at liberty to make public. Of In
formation received unofficially, he said:
"Yes, it Is true that Japanese resid
ing In this city have been called home
to take up arms. To my personal
knowledge but two persons have re
ceived this notification. This is im
material, however, because If notice
was sent to one it was sent to all. Just
how many there are in the State or
country subject to recall I am unable
to state. The lists of names are kept
in Japan, and it would not be very
.good policy to allow them to become
public, as it would give an enemy an
opportunity to gauge our actual fight
ing strength more accurately than we
desire.
"The lists were not sent to me. and
will not be. "What information I have
came to me casually, but I am positive
that it is correct."
"Would you take this as an Indica
tion that your country was about to
declare war?" was asked.
The representative of the Mikado,
hesitated a moment, shrugged his
shoulders and gave the non-committal
reply: "May be; may be not."
"When pressed to be more definite he
smiled, his eyes twinkled and he re
plied: "Well, then, I think may be."
Consul Uyeno was naturally enthusi
astic regarding the fighting powers of
his country, which, he considers, is
only seeking justice." He has no fear
that a conflict with Russia would re
sult disastrously to Japan.
Boston's Biggest Taxpayers.
The assessors figure that the real and
personal property tax in Boston this
year will amount to $16,296,111, an in
crease of $316,738 over last year. The
taxable real estate in the city amounts
to $983,560,300, an increase of $28,063,400
over last year. The taxable personal
property amounts to 1234,897,023, an in
crease of $1,119,307 over last year. The
grand total of property, . real and per
sonal, amounts to $1,220,457,323. an in
crease of $29,152,707 over the preceding
year. The number of actual property,
owners Is 62,414. and 160,947 people are
assessed for polls. As in previous
years. Joshua M. Sears heads the
list of heavy individual taxpayers,
with a property tax of $70,189. A new
man has second place this year, Quincy
A. Shaw, who pays $40,302, besides a
large personal property tax. At the
head of $ big corporation taxpayers is
the Boston Terminal Company, with a
tax of $218,672, but the Boston and Al
bany runs a close second, with $218,
425. Thirty-one corporations, Individ
uals, etc.. pay $40,000 and more. There
are forty-four paying from $20,000 to
$40,000.— Boston Herald.
Henry C. Caldwell, the Federal Judge
of the Eighth Circuit Court, who will
retire from the bench on June SO, is
the only surviving appointee on the
bench of President Lincoln.
_'_:'._■' . ' ____*;'■' ."i'^iU ADVERTISEMENTS. ~ ' ''-' ■
II JIB • Warm Overcoats
i ggl^^^^^ 1 for Cold Weather
\ A/ HY not get that overcoat °ff y° ur mind and on
0$^^^^^^^^^0S0^^^^^^ The we ather emphasizes what we have
/:^^^^®I^P5®^ft^S^^^^^^^ been advising you to do for some time. Why not buy
I^^^^^^I^SfM^l^f^^^^^^^S a good warm overcoat and smile pleasantly when the
W^^^fep@^^^rt^^^^^S Jus * now we are sellin g some * 12 - 50 ! °ng over-
l^vl^pil^li^^l^^ llillif coats for * 8 »^ s - Our reason is t0 quicken the
:^^^^S^%^^^^^^^^^^i business pulse of what might be a dull February.
Tourist overcoats, fifty inches long, with baits in
black; made of heavy cheviots in different patterns;
warm and comfortable.
k M^^^Fp^^'^S^^— 4^ Hi Regular overcoats, forty-five inches long, as pic-
Ured: madeof bIue and black cheviots; guaranteed
Short top coats, made of gray and brown mixed
cheviots and tan coverts; good for early spring wear.
$8.65 and fo°r the same goo^reascJn.
They are single and double breasted garments
made from fancy cneviots in golden brown and olive
8 reen e^ ects and also from black cheviots and blue
i^^^Mm^^^^^^^i^^^W- serges. Why wear expensive clothes and subject them
:^^^ft^^^Sl!!y^^^^^fe Eight-sixty-five buys good clothing value in our
REYES HONORED
BY HIS PEOPLE
Colombia's Special Envoy to
America Chosen President
of South American Republic
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— A private
dispatch received here from Buena'
Ventura announces that General Reyes
was elected President of Colombia on
February 2. Gonzales Valencia was
elected vice president.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— General Rafael
Reyes, who Is on a mission to this
country from Colombia, said at the
Hoffman House. to-night that he had
received unofficial information from Co
lombia that he had been elected Presi
dent in the election of February 2.
General Reyes was asked of he would
accept If the report was true, and said:
"I have been In the United -States
trying to settle the differences between
the United States and my country and
I came here because I thought it my
duty to help my country If possible.
Similarly, if it is my duty to accept
the Presidency of Colombia, I -suppose
I would do so."
General Reyes said he would leave on
Tuesday on the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse to go to Paris direct 'He would
not tell more about his trip except, that
be may go from that place to Colombia.
He said Dr. Herran would go to Co
lombia very soon and the Colombian
Legation in Washington would be
closed. The Consul General in New.
York City will have charge of Colom
bian affairs here in his absence.
General Reyes, in speaking . of the
canal, said he wished to further the
construction of the canal as far as he
could consistently with the honor of
Colombia. Matters now were at a
standstill, he said.
Odd Japanese Customs.
Japanese ladles have been known to
do without stockings to maintain the
harmony between beautiful French
slippers and magnificent French even-
Ing dresses. I have been served by a
Japanese hosier who did without every
thing he did . not supply himself— he
had a shirt, a collar and tie, and scarf
pin and studs, but no trousers. And the
effect of their absence was heightened
by his wearing, braces, because he sold
them. The Japanese do not kiss— if a
Japanese girl knows how to kiss it
shows the work of a foreign instructor;
she does it as an accomplishment, not
as an enjoyment. ; The Japanese have
no pens and Ink, but they make a very
good shift with a painting brush. The
Japanese houses have no chimneys, and
you are never warm enough until the
house catches fire. -The Japanese have
beef 'and no mutton; the Chinese have
mutton and no beef. Japanese -bells,
like Japanese belles, have no tongues.
Jajfanese, snakes have no poison; Japa
nese music has no harmony. The Japa
nese alphabet Is not an alphabet, but a
selection of seventy useful ideograms to
dispense with } the ) thirty thousand in
ordinary '_ use by ; the Chinese.—Ex
change. ; ji .; V^-}v;
King Edward's Family Name.
Since the coronation of King Edward
there ;ha3 been a dispute among some
of us Interested in such things as to
whether he was the seventh sovereign
of the Hanoverian dynasty or. the first
British monarch of the house' of Saxe-
CoDurg-Gotha; - ; .whether,' ' in' other
words, he was Albert Edward Gueiph
or Albert Edward Wettin. The Al
manach de Gotha, an umpire regard
ing all such matters at which no one
presumes to kick, has decided that he
_^_ n - - . '- ' ADVEBTISEMEHTS*
The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast I
If there is any one in San Francisco who has not been inside this great estab-^f*
lishment, now is the time to come. We are offering greater specials than we B
were last week when the popular demand closed out the strongest offers in a j
day. This week, lower priced articles only while they last. No substitutes. f
( | C|Q 7? f]f 11 ( [EftfC £r /7J»1 Heavy Enameled Bed. All
V I*J»#D M /fi ti aOnTEir fT*a wlhi sizts - Brass trimmed. A Bed
rr it e * n. j 1 /§kj7 U/k TRT KBK&nna a » VSr/II that will add to the looks or
■5 a L- I I TreatI i erc . d r . ? ak \V>iMf Vfrrr WCm IB L^&$* BI my bedroom. A neat, artistic
withhing^d bjjx^seat Mission /j^^/3lE|f EMMS rfS^^tll d " ign " Re sular price $4-50.
India Scats, while v n mw iL 4*<i * JL ' 0 f\ ,Bf ■" * -. .
they last. Golden oak, 11L XWvHV^^C%flfl»\rifaV «f».KC\ffV! Dainty Lady's Writ-
weathered oak and ma- « %m^B e\| J^U^%^mv*\A)W %&/vl\$J in g Dcsk « a bcautuul
hagariy finish. - .-^ ."•.' Nicely w «._.— ~ nn ~.~ . _.. .. " and useful ornament.
s polished; For any room.^ 9 THB CREDIT HOUSB ♦» 1 1 In golden oak or maple,
j; v Regular, price $1.50. ,.. [223-23S-23 7 POST STREET II Regular price $ift»
is the first of the Saxe-Coburg-Gotha
rulers, and that his name is Albert
Edward Wettin. We held out for I
Gueiph, as it seemed the more elegant I
word, but since it has to be TVettln
let us rejoice that kings, like actors,
are rarely known by their real names.
— New York Commercial Advertiser.
2526
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
I This Is the last week of our successful Shoo Sale and ttis week n
m should eclipse all previous cnei. Greater reductions have been made £1
' 1 aad a lot of short lines ha.vi to and Trill be closed out if prices will ?s
M? &a,*ca tbesi move. Such sales as ours axe rare, for every barsrain is £a
t'M jrennise and every Shoe is a srood one — we keep ncthinjr else. *C*J
I'j Kexnesiber also that when we say this is the last week, we mean m
['':': that nest Saturday will wlnl up the sale, and that ycu should call 26
|p within the next six days if you want to take advantage of boaa-fide a
Pti reductions. *jl
fjj IiAJJIES' KXD LACE SHOES — Patent leather tips, with medium Is
Fg hcavr extended soles (like picture). Worth J2.50 regularly. a
{-.*« Special price . . . 1 •-"• - SI .015 U
f» XtAJDXES' PATE2TT KiTaEE LA.CE SHOES — With fairly light SSI
i£j soJes and military heels; excellent value at $3.00. Special price M
jtt &AJDXXS* PATEITT LEATHER I^ACE SHOES — With light soles and U
SJ hlcb French heel*. Regular 13.50 value. Special price. . .Sl»., SO $g
n iADXES' KID LACE SHOES — Fairly heavy extension soles, kid raj
3 tips; also Box Cair Shoes. Sold regularly at $2*50 and 13.00 a n»
*J p.-'.ir. Special price S— .<>."» *3
§} L1SISS' JXSSET LEOGIHS — Knee length. The 75c and $1.00 !*i
?J kind?. Special price 4Tic fflj
Sj KEN'S SHOES — A lot of odds and ends. Sold regularly from $3.00 <3
3 to $5.00. Special price § 1 .00 §3
i?3 KEHS SEAL SHOES — With rubber and oilskin lining throughout — s&g]
jjy thoroughly waterproof. Regularly $3.60 a pair. Special price.. 9
P j-ohi7St6*5 it iroEPHx*s vict Arro box *ca£p" ilaC3 SHolfs-^ m
§J 'fomo aro Bluchers) — AVith heavy soles. Always sold at $6.50 $a
31 t 1 ' 1 *" pair. Special price .* .^- }?4 .♦».% 5J
■J SDEIT'S E2TASIEI. AZTD PATENT LEATBZB SHOES — $3.50 and $4.00 $9
k va!-ie.--. S;«''-i:il price JS1S.S.1 9
5 CHTLEEEff'S SHOES — A lot of odds and ends (I^aird Schrober Co.'s m
* aninrg them>. Special price ."»()c si
S CHlLDEEJr'S ktti BTJTTO1T SHOES — Hand-turned: A
f Sires 3 to5' s 4Oc g
*i Siz^s 5 to 8. with spring heels <>Oc v2
"r CKXU33EXTS and MISSES' KID, BOX CAI.P OS PATENT X.EATS- i
rt EB SHOES — (Jreatly reduced an-1 displayed in the windows. Q
g SOTS' AB"D YOUTHS' SHOES — In patent leather, vici. calf and box 5I
31 calf, single and double sole; greatly reduced this week. n|
Mr. Citiroan— Never been to New
York, eh? Well, it would surprise you
to see the business that's done there.
Farmer Elderberry— Yes; and it sur
prises me to see some of the folks that
helps to do it. — Puck.
ADVEBTISZMEKTS.
BiiSESpMARS
A Derailed Gar Causes More
or Less Serious Damage to
its Ninitean Occupants— All
to Be Sold for the Claim
Apit's Account— A Half Dozen
• Beauties at Half Price— Others
With Only Very Slight Mars at
$175— Three for Even $100
s Each— Cash or Time Payments
IJea.vy shipments of Kimball. Decker,
Hazelton. Lester and other fine Pianos
have conie to us during the past • few
days, and -we now p*" fcS i»nt the choicest
array of Sne Pianos that has ever been
se^n in San Francisco.
One of our Piano cars met with an ac-
.cident. It must have been derailed, for
every one of the Pianos contained there-
in was more or less marred.
At firpt we would not accept them. But
we found that every one of the instru-
ments was absolutely perfect so far as
interior or mechanism is concerned.
Same as on a similar occasion two
years ago, the railroad claim agent pro-
'posed to us yesterday, in order to quick-
ly settle the matter of damages, that we
sell the Pianos at once, and whatever the
loss amounted to he would promptly re-
imburse us.
We finally agreed to this arrangement.
Th*» Pianos will be on display on our re-
tail salesrooms floor — 653 Market street
— practically at your own price.
Here Are the Prices:
Here is the greatest bargain opportu-
nity of ;.-ears. The railroad's loss is
your t*2iin. Think of it. You get a really
fine Piano; case may be marred here or
there, but scarcely noticeable; tone is
perfect, action is perfect; it is warrant-
ed in f-.vei-y way — and the railroad helps
you pay one-half; yes. in some cases,
even more than half the regular retail
price of the Piano.
Soir.e of those Pianos are the choicest
of regular ?500 Pianon. Hundreds of
them have been sold here in San Fran-
r\r-rn. by old-time high-price dealers, for
?500.
T«3cc your choice to-morrow morning
of a half-dozen of beautiful mahogany
and mottled Enplish o?.k cases at the
cnifcrm price of $180.
And Some for an Even $125. .
Several of them that sustained more
severe tirulscs will go for $125, and a
< o'jple can be picked up for $100 each.
To Make You Doubly Sure.
Som* may doubt the genuineness of
this offer. To those we would suggest
i'ne payment «f J6 or $8 down, and bal-
ance in monthly payments of about the
»am« amount. This will give you at
least thirty days to find nut exactly as
to the PIsno before you have made very
much of a payment. '
Bear in mind, too, that we ourselves
Kuaranle* these Pianos; money back If
got absolutely satisfactory or as repre-
sented.
Ijft up suggest, though, that you hur-
ry. We doubt if a single one of these
Pianos will be It ft for sale by Wednes-
day evening.
WEAT VS ABE TJOXJTO. AND SOW IT
ZS BOIfS.
TACTS TEAT HAVE BEEN DEKON-
CTHATED TO OTEB Sir THOUSAND
PIAKO PU2.CEAEEES DU2IKG
THE PAST TWO TEAKS.
Fl«!(tp*bear in mind that fine Pianos.
for which old-time dealers must ask you
$550 and $600, are being sold by Pom-
mer-Elleng Music Company, the New Era
dealers, for a clean $150 less, and cor-
responding reductions prevail Jn every
grade of instruments that we sell.
More than a dozen of the very finest,
and nine of the best medium grade
irutkcs of Pianos.' are : represented . by
Pommer-Eilers. ■-» •
"'Quick' sales and small profits**' is the ;
basic principle of this business. We sell j
wore fine Pianos than any other Western
institution, and this fact, coupled with
thf many unique advantages we possess,
enables us to fuviish a better Piano for'
I«f5« money than can be* obtained else- j
where. If you study the Piano situation !
carefully you will »»nrejy buy your Piano ;
«t Ponnaer-EIlerg -Jtfusic Company. 653
Market street, opposite tbe Chronicle '
PEACE REIGNS
IN CHINATOWN
Tongs Lay Away Guns and Axes
Until After Their New Year
Holidays Come to a Close
Peace reigns in Chinatown again and
this condition will prevail until Chinese
New Year is at an end. An agreement
was reached by the warring tongs last
night by which hostilities will be sus
pended during the season of good-will
and axes and guns were immediately
piled on the shelves. Members of the
factions that have been in hiding since
the night of the first tragedies walked
forth once more, secure in the edict of
amity, and the district resumed its old
stir and action.
The recent war commenced between
the Wu Ting Tong and the Sen Sue
Ying Tong on one side and the Hop
Sing Tong on the other. Its beginning
was marked with unusual viclousness
and the entire Chinese quarter was
struck with terror. During its progress
several crimes have been committed,
from which deaths have resulted, and
all effort to restore friendliness be
tween the factions came to naught.
Metings have been held nightly, but
the representatives of each tong re
mained firm in a determination to bat
tle until one side or the other acknowl
edged defeat.
Yesterday the mercantile bodies of
Chinatown called the tong men to
gether and appealed to them to come
to some agreement by which their
weapons could be laid aside until after
the New Year festivities,* which begin
next week, are at an end. The mer
chants spoke of the injury to trade and
of the hesitation that has been "mani
fested by the Chinese in preparing for
festivities while matters remained as
they were. Time for consideration was
asked and last night the desired an
swer was given to the arbiters.
Beware the "Chrysumphalus Elinor."
The French Minister of Agriculture
has received from the Riviera a report
which shows that the orange growers
are threatened with the worst of ca
lamities. A microscopic insect, scien
tifically known as { chrysumphalus
minor, is the cause of an orange dis
ease as potentially destructive as .the
potato disease, which spread famine
and devastation over Ireland fifty
seven years ago. M. Belle, an expert
in Nice, has been investigating the
origin and propagation of this malady
among the oranges. The Council of
the department of Xice has taken the
matter in hand. Orange growers are
combining for the/ extirpation of
chrysumphalus minor. It is said that
the Insect was imported from Amer
ica some years ago and that the first
signs of its depredations were detected
in Florence. — New York' Commercial
Advertiser.
"Yours Truly," "Sincerely," Etc.
There Is neither Individuality nor
character In the finale of most letters.
Don't take too- much stock In mere ac
quaintances, or strangers, .who write,
"Yours faithfully," "Sincerely yourB,"
"Cordially yours," -"Thine ever." "Yours
always to command," "Disinterestedly
your friend," "Emphatically yours,"
etc The faithful and sincere friend
seldom pans out. He Is like the de
voted sister. who signs letters to a fond
brother— "Yours truly, Marian Jones."
Some men put It "As ever.V and others,
"Ever yours." Whenever a letter comes
to me addressed "Dear Friend," or
"Friend Tip," I have my doubts. "Dear
Tip" i? quite sufficient and to the point.
The familiar "dear" is become a mean
ingless form of expression, like "Yours
truly," and the writer is neither dear
to us nor ours truly.— New York Com
mercial Advertiser
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
COUSINS FIGHT
OVER COOKING
During* Altercation in Fishing
Smack on the Bay Bales
tiere Brothers Are Slashed
WOUNDS ABE NOT FATAL
Trouble Is Precipitated by
Pietro Busalacchi's Criticism
of a Very Light Luncheon
A stabbing affray with many dram
atic features occurred on the bay yes
terday afternoon, and as a re
sult Frank Balestiere of j 167
Vandewater street is In a critical
condition from a knife thrust
in the side and- Vincenz Bales
tlere is, nursing a gash on the right
arm. Pietro Busalacchi, residing at
G82 Chestnut street, who wielded the
weapon, has been -booked on a charge
of an assault with a deadly weapon
and released on $50 cash bail.
All of the parties to the affair are
Italian fishermen and incidentally
cousins. Yesterday morning. In com
pany with two other relatives, they set
sail in their smack for the fishing
grounds. Nothing noteworthy occurred
until the noon hour, when In the vicin
ity of San Quentln It was decided to
partake of a light lunch. Busalacchi
either from a disordered stomach or
loss of appetite did not relish the food,
which had been prepared by Frank
Balestiere, and voiced his displeasure.
Balestiere had a reputation to sus
tain as a cook and retorted that the
food was too rich for B.usalacchi, who
he maintained was only acquainted
with plebean cooking. One word led to
another until Balestiere determined to
end the argument in an abrupt manner.
Seizing a hatchet Frank Balestiere
advanced toward Busalacchi. That
gentleman was averse to feeing used as
a chopping block and struck his angry
cousin on the head with a club. This
ended the disqute for the time being.
While Busalacchi was busily mending
his net Frank Balestiere determined to
be revenged and accordingly laid his
plans. He again seized his trusty
hatchet and endeavored to execute a
flank movement. Busalacchi was not
to be caught napping, however, and de
fending himself with a pocket knife,
which he jabbed into his assailant.
Vincenz Balestiere joined in the row at
this juncture and was cut on the arm.
Peace was finally declared and upon
the return to this city Dr. Louis D.
Bacigalupi was called to attend the
wounded men. Upon his advice Busa
lacchi surrendered himself and was
booked at the City Prison. Frank Bal
estiere's wound, although severe, is not
regarded as fatal.
A Hopkins Girl's Present.
A Hopkins girl, as a Christmas pres
ent, says the Hopkins Journal, sent her
photograph to Jier best fellow, wrapped
up in a newspaper on which waa print
ed an advertisement of a stove firm.
A portion of the print adhered to the
photograph, and the young man was
very much startled to see staring him
in the face in bold pica type the fol
lowing words: "See name on leg."—
Exchange. „ . • •
» ADVERTISEMENTS.
50c Bottles of Liquozone and Give Them to a Million Sick Ones.
We have purchased for $100,000 the American rights to -Liquozone — the product which does what
medicine cannot do. We thus control the only way to kill germs in the body and end a.germ disease,
We want the sick to know this product, and at once. So we make this remarkable offer. We will
buy a million bottles and give them to a million sick. Will you— if you need it — let us buy one for you?
\K/g% uurilf VVAV Vrttll* fiPIICCi^fr for a fuU- 6 » ze bottle of Liquozone V&fo /lt*P Qf\f>1\fii¥V€T OOO to thus eive L "ia° z one away.
we wui pay yui&i uruggi&i. and givc it to you to try . simply yvc are 5|wa\img ipjvv,vuv Throug i, , soo new3 p apers d
send us the coupon belovy and we will send you the order, good at your local drug store. magazines we reach, wi^h this otter, nearly every home in America. Our reason is this:
This is our free gift and its acceptance places you under no obligations whatever. We make There is everywhere sickness which nothing but Liquozone can cure. In every neighbor-
it because this seems the quickest way to convince you — to show you— what Liquozone is , hood there are lives which Liquorone alone can save. Our plan seems the right way — the
and what it can do. Then our only request will be that you tell your, sick friends what it, ■ ■ best -way — to quickly let those sick ones know it. When those million bottles are used in
does. When we, at our. expense, have shown you a way to get well, help us let your friends a million homes there will be few who don't know the value of Liquozone. And those
know it, too. Do this for the good of humanity. In this way we have seen one cure lead to million bottles — in actual use — will do more to convince those who need this help than all
hundreds of cures. And that is why we make this offer. . the arguments— all the testimonials— that we could ever print.
Acts Like OXVSCGA • uct - We first tested Liquozone for to other causes than germs, and medi- cine has been employed for these 50c Bottle Free
.n.vto **^ . J& _ i two years through physicians and hos- cine was used to doctor them. Up to troubles, but germs were unknown Tf «..jV* ax, .
Liquorone is the result of a process pit i 1Sf in this c^ ull ? r / atid others. In the year 1880 germs were almost tin- then. More than half these diseases n " r y °H J e ?, d Liquozone and hare
wh,ch for more s than 20 W«f .-jaj thousands of the mo y st difficult cases ' kno^ but no % g is knovvn that cer . have been traced to germs within the '" J'
been the constant subject orscienUhc obtainablc _ cases which mcdicine tain diseases are due entirely to germs past five years. The germ cause of lf bcl $ v - ?,°i his ! " J rf U!l i* ce *°
and chemical research. The P^cesi c0||U curc _ we provcd - that Li . _ and me dicine in no way applies to Rheumatism, for instance, was not JSJ""; VVe w { 1! en r ""?/ ?» an
cons.sts in Benerati ng g ases ma de m uozone was infalHbl £ Thcn we paid th%m . A ny drug that kills germs is a discovered until August, 1902. ?£ der ' on yo, cal d rugg ist^ for a
large part from the best oxygen^pro the h; Qn it c s annot be given inter- Medicine is not for germ troubles. £™£\ f^Z£Z'£?it Pr7
duccrs. These gases a re confined un- , ar f . htg Ol^ discovery . na n y . And drugs that can't kill germs You must cither rely on Nature to *%£*%££ JtV^f <honM rnn £
der pressure 4 , We publish this fact because it best serve little purpose in a germ disease, overcome the germs, or you must kill rfo« L, £™S£
of immense »PPY*WfcJ HriiiM drod shows the value of Liquozone. Claims Those are the diseases to which Li- them with Liquozone. You can never S f'i'CZ 3 , I ?
time, are made part of the liquid prod- arc easily madc; but mcn don ' t pay a qU ozone applies and which Liquozone kill them with. drug,. Lh Ktl nT Uozone ?,,- inff
UC The result is a product whichVdoes tm?^V^S^M^^l *™ "" 1^^ dise^ es h >' ield at t , on « mense apparatus' 2nd employing ffi
kt a ri7fh^ d UaTpa?t Xy ofa n ir aS iris MW^^^^p We Offer $1000 fegfeg^^®M
|l§M^f#|Stii klw^lloilh^l^ For, a disease germ that Liquozone though they had resisted medicine for «iSSg5SS^S^^^S
essential element of life. It is oxygen wTnSdrta I olio cannot kill. , J, ea f rs : And e res « lts a /« certain vvou i d not buy a bottle and give it '
that turns the blue blood to red in the cpa^d th at |j°°'^ b b e , cau^ L^ uo - This offer is published on. every that in any disease m this hst-no ', away lf there wasany doubt of re-
lungs. It is oxygen that eliminates J?" f.°° C^J" e n r , m u *!?•?£„..* :T tJ'«SS bottle of Liquozone; but nobody ever matter how difficult, no. matter how j su i ts .
the waste tissue and builds up the new. f Q '" can c^l- thVn'^Uthl claimed the reward and nobody ever incurable it seerns-we wiir gladly You want those results-you want
And no germ of disease can live in JreS fn t£ : wnri/rLwnS You will. Liquozone always kills germs. - send to any patient who asks it an t o be well. Won't you in simple fair-
the presence of an excess of oxygen. '^ t Zk^ ih^J^nwthi^vItn- Please note what that fact ■' means. ab .f. olutc .guarantee that Liquozone I nC8 « to yourself send us this coupon
But oxygen is a gas, and unstable. r plying ttpriSleoffe^ All thaf is necessary to cure a germ g« §£ fe; | and lct as show you the way?
Liquozone is a liquid which is not a " bottle free disease is to kill the germs. That is Asthma Hay Fever-mauema Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
even volatile. It carries its .virtues .„ . ' ; -X' v' certain.and it is just as -certain that Anemla Kidney Diseases • . . 1
into the stomach, into the bowels and Medicil\6 Can't Cure • " the disease will never end while those !!£S h J*uo n - i^Srrt^a 1 CITT, 0 " 7 ™I S COUPON
into the blood, to go wherever the Your physician wil , teI , you that germs exist. .Liquozone taken in- Br^f, Disease -SS
blood goes. It forms .; a vitalizing medicine is almost helpless in any temally goes wherever the blood goes SJ^oS," . M. a i a y r H7ar\ e i^olfbu, Oxo ne Co.. 45S-4C0 Wabash avc. chtcaV
tonic With which no Other known ff efm disease The ntmnst It ran dn —into every cell of every tissue. No Consumption Piles— Pn*-umonia
TvrnHnrt can comoare It is life to • ♦ ! • -7 * * cerm can escane it and none can re- Coltd-Croup Pleurisy— Quinsy My disease la ,
product can compare, it is me 10 is, to act as a, tonic, aiding nature to germ can escape it, ana none can re Constlpat , on Rhcumnttsm T ,.,... _. w _ tr ,^, ,, '
the human body. But germs are, veg- overcome the o-ermV Such results sist it. -Can you not see that the re- catarrh— Cancer Skin Diseane* > win t,«nu- m. i q^f.°, M -, but lf you
etables; and Li qu ozone-like an ex- ™- suits are inevitable? . . %SS$S35S2g?" SSSSS^ffl? " *" f ""'
cess of oxygen— is deadly to vegetable on the patient's condition. A cure is • '^-"L— »>•« ~~~~ ' Dyspepsa ■ .. , Thrr« Trouble.
matter.. Tor this reason, Liquozone always/doubtful and often impossible. Germ Diseases ,. |^r^au ys i?cn" KoT^ucer. B: '""" '
destroys every germ m the body: And- AncLthe cures that do result are due The diseases in this list are known Gonorrhoea-cieet v ? rico«i e
no man knows another way to do it to- Nature, not to medicine. A cure to be due to : germs or their toxins. Ooitre-Oout av om en s Disease- •
without killing the. tissues, too. can > t , come; until .those germs are Every; modern _ physician knows that •• ■•--...
\Afa Dai«l <t 1 rtrt YlOrt ' killed, and medicine'nevcr kills^inside medicine does not* .apply to them, for, eases— .ail the results of impure or poisonous ct4 Give fun addre«s— writ^ plainly.
TT6TdHl flVUtUVu germs. , ■ medicirie- cannot kill germs. - blood... _ — .-J
For the American rights to this prod- J \Xhese diseases were ; long attributed | is true that for centuries medi- vitaiuer^awompuBhtag what" no 1 drug8 S can S do* ijquosone^m^e^iadly^uppjISf tor t » l uTt!
SWINDLER
OF CHINESE
IN CUSTODY
Intended Victims Lure the Al
leged Culprit Into a Trap
and He Is Placed Under Ar
rest by Pittsburg Detectives
SELLS CERTIFICATES
OF REGISTRATION
First Gains the .Confidence of
an Immigrant.. Inspector by
Posing as .a Representative
of the Six Chinese Companies
PITTSBURG, Pa., Feb. 6.— Arthur S.
Spencer, who has been posing in PJtts
burg for the last week as an agent of
the Chinese Six Companies, was placed
in Jail to-night on a charge of imper
sonating a United States officer with
intent to defraud. Spencer Is alleged
to have served time in several differ
ent penal institutions in this country,
and is said to be one of the most no
torious swindlers who make the Chi
nese their victims. *His methods In this
city are said to have been the selling
of bogus registration certificates and
also getting money by other means.
Spencer called upon Immigrant In
spector Layton on Tuesday as a rep
resentative of the Six Companies and
as court interpreter. He presented a
plan by which he said he would hunt
out Chinese who had located in Pitts
burg without proper authority. Of
these he was positive twenty-five or
thirty had been smuggled in and should
be deported. Laundries! Chinese res
taurants and Chinese stores in all parts
of the cjty were visited by iLayton and
Spencer and the latter reported that
everything looked all right.
On Thursday, however, Lee Wung
and.' Lee Johnson, merchants, called
upon their attorneys and told them
that Spencer was trying to squeeze
money from them by selling them reg
istration certificates. They said they
knew Spencer because a Chinese pa
per, the Chung Sal Yat Po, published
in San Francisco, had printed a warn
ing to all Chinese to look out for him.
The case was then turned over to de
tectives, who arranged a meeting for
to-night between Johnson, Wung and
Spencer. When the Chinese had paid
Spencer $50 in marked bills for a cer
tificate of false registration, Spencer
was arrested and the* marked money
found on him: In default of $3000 bail.
Spencer was committed for a hearing
on Thursday morning.
The certificates given by Spencer ap
pear to be regular. Spencer denied his
guilt. The prisoner is about 40 years
of age and from appearance It would
be difficult to tell his nationality.
First Workman— Wot's it say, 'Bill,
on thaj old sun dial? _ . ,
Second Workman (reading deliber
ately)—It ! says, "Do — to-day's^ — work
— to-day." : - ■ • ■-••'- -
First Workman— Do two days' work
to-day! Wot Oh! Not me!— Punch."
CROPS FLOURISH
IN MOIST SOIL
Conditions in the Fields and
the Orchards of Southern Cali
fornia Continue Satisfactory
SKIES BEGIN TO CLEAR
People of Santa Clara County
Believe That a Renewal
of Storm Is Imminent
SAN DIEGO Feb. 6.— Clearing weath
er to-day followed a generous downpour
of rain last night in which .48 of an
inch fell in this city and an average
of .65 in the country. Two inches of
snow fell ,at Julian, In the mountains.
The city rainfall for the storm Is .S6;
for the season, L32, the seasonal defi
ciency beingr 4.49.
SANTA ANA, Feb. G.-An additional
precipitation of .41 of an. inch of rain
was recorded here last night, making
a total for the present storm of 1 inch.
The rainfall for the season- so far is
1.35. This morning was cloudless, with
frost and snow on the hills.
IX)S ANGELES, Feb. 6.— When the
rainfall "ceased here this morning the
Government Weather Bureau gauge
Indicated a total precipitation for the
present storm of 1.06 and 1.63 for the
entire season. The amount last year
for the same period was 8.22. There has
been a drop in the temperature in the
last twenty-four hours of eight degrees,
the thermometer registering a mini
mum of 41 this morning, with indica
tions of fair weather.
MILTON, Feb. 6.—^. strong south
cast wind and a gradual banking of
heavy clouds strongly indicated another
storm this evening. The weather is
quite cool and reports from the moun
tains indicate the probability of a
snowstorm in those regions, which is
anxiously awaited by the miners, as
thus far the snowfall In- the mountains
is far below the average.
STOCKTON, Feb. 6.— Rain continued
falling throughout the afternoon and
evening and conditions indicate more
rain to-morrow. The faH to-day was
.24 of an inch, making 4.61 inches for
the season, as against 6.40. for the cor
responding season laat year. The mois
ture will be , of 'inestimable benefit to
the crops of this county and vicinity.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 6.— A light rain fell
this afternoon and evening, and there
is every indication that a storm is set
ting in. This afternoon .10 of an inch
fell. This, with the rain of Thursday,
will give the grain and hay a good
start. The rainfall to date is 3.73 inches,
against 9.27 inches to the same date
last year. Orchardists have become en
couraged and there has been a sale
of many trees for planting by the nur
series during the last week. Good feed
is insured on the cattle ranges and
arrangements are being made to ship
cattle from the adjoining counties. The
Santa .Clara College weather bureau
predicts, more rain for to-night and to
morrow.
SUISUN, Feb. 6.— The copious rainfall
throughput Solano County during the
past few days has greatly enhanced
the crop prospects, and the farmers and
fruit growers feel much encouraged at
the excellent conditions that prevail at
this time In favor of a prosperous sea-
■'■":*.-: ADVEETISEICENTSw
/ The Importations for the Year 1903 of
Champagne
were 12L528 cASES
GREATEH by nearly 20,000 cases
than the importations of
any other brand
The Extra Dry of the superb new vintage now arriving
Vis conceded to be the choicest Champagne A
produced this decade. Jf
son. While the rainfall Is yet somewhat
below the average at this season of the
year, still the situation is exceedingly
hopeful, as there is yet ample time for
an abundance of rain before winter is
over.
In Suisun Valley, a fruit section, the
rainfall this season is about ten inches,
only two inches below last year, and
the orchards are in fine condition. In
Green Valley, the cherry section, the
precipitation so far this season is about
twelve inches — very little short of that
of a corresponding date last year. On
the plains in the eastern and northern
portions of the county, the grain sec
tion, the rainfall has been ample, and
early-sown grain has grown so well
that stock has been turned upon it to
pasture. Feed is plentiful on the ranges
and stock is in excellent condition. To
sum the matter up, the crop prospects
in Solano County, both as to fruit and
grain, at this time of the year were
never more promising than at the pres
ent time.
COMES WITHOUT A WARNING.
Calculations of Meteorological Experts
Are Upset by the Storm.
"Storm No. 1 went over into Utah
and Nevada," said Professor McAdie
last night, "but storm No. 2 came in
unexpectedly from the ocean and dis
appointed us In our expectations of
fair weather for to-day." That is the
reason why it rained again yesterday
after the skies had cleared Friday
night. It was thus, too, that Central
and Northern California escaped a
cold snap.
Utah and Northern Arizona experi
enced the coldest weather of many
years yesterday. At some points in
that section of the country the mer
cury fell to 4 degrees below zero. Mc-
Adie states that perishable products
shipped East Thursday and Friday are
likely to spoil In transit as a result of
the low temperature.
' The rain was ' general throughout
Central and Northern California dur
ing the day and last night the storm
appeared to be making its way south.
The farmers and stock raisers will be
glad to see the continuation of wet
weather. Showers generally is the pre
diction for the whole of California to
day and snow and cold weather for
Utah, Nevada and Arizona.
THE GROWING TRADE
OP THE PHILIPPINES
For Eight Months of the Last Tear
■ the Increase In Commerce
Was $6,000,000.
The import and export trade of the
Philippine Islands for eight months
ended August, 1903, according to figures
appearing in the monthly bulletin of
the insular bureau of the War Depart-
ment, amounted to $43,133,804, the cor
responding period of 1902 showing but
$37,202,796, or an increase during the
present year of nearly six million dol
lars, over four-fifths of which may be
credited to shipments from the archi
pelago, the hemp and copra output be
ing especially large. These figures are
exclusive of coin and Government sup
plies, and in eight months of 1903 show
Imports $22,266,581 and exports valued
at $20,867,313.
The purchase of rice In large quan
tities continues, importations for the
month of August being greater than
the value entered under all other
classes of supplies combined, and with
the exception of the French Indies,
which furnishes the islands with nearly
all of the foreign product used, a gen
eral falling off i3 noted among the
principal importing countries, as com
pared with the recorfl for the previous
year. By the increase of approximate
ly three million dollars over the value
of rice receipts during eight months of
1902 the purchase of meat and meat
products, fish, vegetables and other
food stuffs, as well as the Import trade
in manufactured articles, has been ma
terially reduced. At the same time no
ticeable increase Is shown in the im
portation of cattle, many of which are
needed throughout the archipelago for
farming purposes.
Exports of hemp show an advance of
approximately three million dollars
over the figures of last year, in eight
months of 1903 reaching a value of $13
564,538, more than half of the product
being shipped to the United States.—
Washington Star.
Mother (to new nursemaid) — If you
can't keep the children quiet send
them up to me for awhile and I will
sing to them. Nurse — Oh, that won't
do any good. I've threatened them
with that twice already. — San Fran-BANK LOANS
CAUSE WORRY
♦ ■
Pennsylvania Railroad Company
.Borrows $50,000,000 and
Market Shows thc Effects!
1VABASH PREFERRED FIRM
C'oppcr Shows Activity Since
thc Recent Supreme Court
Decision in State of Montana
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— Thetction of
to-day's stoc**c n'.arkot reflected a feel
ing: of greater apprehension over the
rubject of bank loans than over the
impending war in the Far East. Prices
rebounded from the Blight opening de
gression reflected from foreign markets.
v.her«> hope of a peaceful outcome v.-as
reported practically abandoned. The
borrowing of 550,000,000 by the Pennsyl
vania Company induced heavy selling
d " Pen.nnpylv2.nia Railroad stocks; the
letter company owning the stock of
the borTovring corporations caused a
marked impression in sentiment
throughout the street. The loss in
Pennsylvania Itself reached 1&. the
lowest price of the morning. Wabash
preferred v.as notably firm in spite of
the official disclaimers from Pennsylva
nia sources that the loan was to figure
IB any settlement of differences with
the TVabash. United States Steel pre
ferred also showed conspicuous resist
ance to the weakness elsewhere mani
fest. The tone of the market under
went a marktd chenge after the issu-
E2ice of the bank statement, and this
v.as clearly due to the moderate ex
j.ansion shown by the loan item, which
•aos not large enough to wipe out the
narrow margin below the billion dollar
mark at which the clearing-house loans
now stand. This effect of the bank
statement was made the more clear by
the fact that the reserve of the banks
showed a decrease of J2.4S3.100, where
en increase of almost equal amount had
been indicated.
PENNSYLVANIA I? LOWER.
*fhe inference drawn from the small
impression made upon the loan item
by the large money market operations
cf the wetk was that large corporate
requirements had already been provided
for by the enormous loan expansion
Fine* the first of the year. Pennsylva
nia's rally left its net loss less than a
point, and United States Steel preferred
and Wabash preferred finished the day
about a point higher than last night.
The closing was firm and practically
at the best prices.
The course of last week's stock
market seemed to be accepted by op
erators at the beginning of this week
as a satisfactory demonstration that
the attempt to bring about a specula
tive revival of the advance had proved
abortive. The market has declined in
activity and no organized efforts have
been any longer apparent to lift prices
or to attract a general demand. The
market has moved sluggishly and
irrtfc-ularry. but the average tendency
has been downward. The approach
of the crisis in the question of *var or
j.eace between Japan and Russia has
overhung; all the" speculative markets
with growing influence. Foreign se
curities have been almost stagnant on
the eve of the momentous decision,
and the most notable effect on our
own stock markets has been one of
constraint upon operations rather
than of weakness. As the threat of
■war vrzs recognized as one of the ,
causes for alarm the violent fluctua
tions in the commodity markets em- j
phasized the impression of the possi- j
ble effect of war upon securities. Be- I
sides this reflected war influence on !
the commodities the unstable condi- j
tion of values in these markets had its
own direct inf.uence in exciting un
easiness in financial quarters and in i
begetting a conservative spirit there.
The volatile uprush of cotton prices
bespoke a culmination of wild specu
lation there and the collapse during j
the \reek gave warning of extensive
speculative losses, such as are bound
to hs.ve some effect in the Wall street
1 market for quick liquidation from
whatever quarter they may come. The
rofTee market was another though a
l»ss important source for this kind of
influence. Traffic and Industrial re
ports have not b*«n of a kind to help
in sustaining values.
SOUTHERN' PACIFIC SHOWING.
The returns of railroad net earnings
for December compare unfavorably
v. ;:.h December of the preceding year.
: showing the effects of th« growth of
operating expenses in nearly all cases.
The Southern Pacific statement was a
notable exception owing to the ap
proach to completion of Its extensive
outlays for improvements, which have
been coming out of net earnings for a
long time past. This exception did
rs>t benefit the stock of that company,
while the Pennsylvania showing from
the falling off in iron and steel traffic
was ,j;sed trfth effect to depress that
stock.
Rumors of additional new capital is
fu?j by the Pennsylvania, which were
at first denied, were a factor in caus
ing 1 the decline of that stock- The re
turns of btoss earnings for the fourth
r.-rek in January, so far as reported,
rhow a decided falling off from the
correspondirur week of last year, the
.-iveras;e dstwrease running to over 12
per cent. Snov.- obstruction and bad
weather conditions are given as the
cfttxse* for lighter traffic. These con
ditions cause a rise in the unfavorable
net returns to come.
The price of copper has yielded, In
pplte of January exports in excess of
all previous records. The announce-
CEKZAI,.
g dA/ords §
i Can^,, 1
o rell o
ri yen led la 10 fc*7i aTter atxlttinsr o
.g Coff«3t3 g
? s-=.d uslnjr £f
I Posturh I
THE EMPORiTJM | THE EMPORIUM | "V. THE EMPOKIUK. | THE ElCTpRIXTM | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIXTM:
| C Bathing Saie £££„ W^^§^^^&Sr so^^s French Lingerie
f of our £zz&~] ■^tmtmfiFi^^^u^.^^ UanriM^ pffM .^
| reguiar low prices* Black Silks r and l Dress Goods beautiful French
I 2,300 up-to-date siloo to $1.50 values 58c to 98c Yard ', hand-made undergar-
5: Suits and Overcoats (This sau % Monday only.) , ments that are slightly
*I fOr nSen and hO\fS A 8avin S cven: of* great importance to every woman who u planning a r.cw Kack srk gown, coat or petticoat; or who SOfflOtf O#* MUSSCd *
I [Safe now in progress.) nc^ ds now - or shortl y M nccd ' d ; p " dab ', c b!a f siks for 0&1 trimmings, eVc. . . " h\f StorO disnlaM
%' $1^0 Black Covert Suitmg 79c — A lute i^ss than iooo yards of this extra qua ity coi-ert suiting, perhaps ■ mm r* *&m**M %0 mmm^^jf^ama^ ;
£ nmr m . m .-*- -, enough to last all day Monday, but we doubt it; will make serviceable dresses and ikirts; a grade thtt is rcg- /©/« (Sale all the week}
| Valentines >^0\f} W^^^BMM^^^ *.**** -. J_ ; _J ;
Jf s^~\ C^~~*\ x^&3r$P : - J^£ft\mty\ Silk Sale Lot 1— iooo yards, 27-inch black (pnrc dye) SilK Sale Lot 3— >oo yards of 23-inch Black Swiss NOVGltiJ Vs*ffintl&
%i \ >J^<^>-^'^^^^^^-'^-V_/t^"irHtt taffeta? ™ extra quality with brilliant firiih; win Peau de Sofa? a g°° d wearing si k;; juitao e lor mw%mwwmmmj[. W **mM*MMmf^
J C JC /'L* * ivc c x ce P :!ona! we;ir ; reZu'.ziW Si.io thc y^g-^ coats and skirts regularly .c!d at $1.50 O€J^a For Spring 1904
* ' yard; Monday only ...... . . . . * O&Cir the yard; Monday only.. . . .' . . . . vOIr Display and sale on -a*^
> /^ / dfei?X Ail of the 1904 norelries. from the SilK Sale Lot 2— About iooo yards of 2 1 -inch double-faced SilK Sale Lot 4 -Vard wide Bfack India Silk; » Monday of the first ar- r^f^^^^^^gg
i f /<4v. \ most famous designtn. An immense Pgaii tiQ SoiBj extra quality, beautifully finished, popular sh:r: waist - and dress fabric; thc good qua.ity rivals Oi the spring and \ f^-^^^^^^Sj^^T
t' =nd varied assortment of diinty va'.tn- warranted to wear; regularly S I. 2 5 the yard; && °9 thit Is always sold at $i.oc thc yard; on £5f^&-». Slimmer novelties •" '^^^^W 3 *//
U tmn, all ro .rkcd at popular price. on $pec ul sale Monday only €3 8 $2 special tzc Monday only . . «?©€£ The New Floating Vcib- ifl'^SSwf'//
*. ;occ :an;y Lace Valer.rjr.e;, 190+ d:-igr.s, h;art and cupii cff.crj, at -, . , , with dotted bord-rs, in I f (>>• '*Jxt> '' $ //
X I 6 for 5c, 9 for SO, and /c «ch. 52-inch Tweed Suiting— Light weight for spring; [ SOo Tweed Suiting -^ have just Gun Metal Silks— And small, neat design, in black, white navy bxowa L LftT* jJzE/ I I A
V Fancy Uce Valentints -With envelopes, each . . 2}<O to fDO in beaut", ul color combinationi; will nn opened up a large a*?ortment in the 36 and 38 Louitmes and taffetas, in new ihade» of blue, *_-_u* ,~V . td^^Tv^<5rkJ*Jl
*. ard Valentines -A hundred new design. ~1o t° We «=«ke swell walking ««. yard . &M.UU - mch in .u the new arc to brown, tan, gray, gre^n and jasper; and magpte, very pretty
tf NoveUiesinEoxes-Fromsceachto $7.5U 4O .|nch Crepe de Paris -Silk and wool; on, of be worn this spring and summer. We do not •"Sl'dSl iiiw ' , " & T ' * Sy/t- N^C
g Co'H'CValcntmes-Ingreatvar.ety. £ pular !prin %i fab ■ £ nIc Jm & „ ch the quallty at W^gtf^d £ «V. , t yl C , each . -Q y^J^^S
% NOlfelt\f wSeCKVWear 52-inch Invisible Check Suitings -Wool and 24-'nch White Japanese Silk— With. inaU, neat Metallic Lberty FouIard-24 inches, In buc and The New Filth Avc. Grenadine \~-~~~~~~
X" — *+ •> *****— mohair- n:w shades of tan. erav, brown, embroidered deigns, in all colors: warranted to whte and black and wh'.t: effects, a decided _ «:t. j 11 j.j «• »jt«
i FOr Spring 1904 Sue heliotrope an? black, yard ' ' wash; attract^ material for thirt „_ noTclty, made «pm 5 !y for shirt wait __ Vdb-Wlth smped and dotted border effect, » itlu
J Filth Avenve StocK Bows— Silk and linen combina- ..'.... £1.25 waists, per yard .85C »uit«, yard . . . 7&C cate ipnng co!ormg» V • : -> ! • • SOC
x' tions; plaids, lawn and linen Persian embroidered ■ Thc Avtoraobile Veil — 3 yard* long, with striped border.
| t££r t .'r dy .rr'j&Zffi& Silverware at about Half |§ ' dcdJed m-so
I n^T:ZT^tI^^n ti c2r, BM 1S*7 Rogers Bros.' Knives, Forks, Spoons, Etc. Tapestry Portieres
J new: each 50c Greatest Silverware Sale ever held this side of Chicago. Sim 18
I ta pTrtian 2S t^U'pubJ C '<>^ «* the *^' ™*™ stoc f k of "-^^ hundreds of pieces of the celebrated 1847 Rogers Bros. y afue8 ,„ CuHafns
5 now each . <*0f* fancy pieces, knives, 'spoons, forks, etc., and they go on sale beginning Monday at a saving of about c »« M j c
S ™ % \ eac " * . : * * „ * \°.? G , Anphaif - Sale of PorOeres Monday— Save a quarter
Sheer Lawn Ties — rieinstncnea ana scalloped embroidered oiic-iitiii. - ; ri» •
J end 5 , Li p^n white and wh'te with colors . qQq »nd £$q . /^^^ S^S^**^ »^ n -..— jSlZ^^i or our lowest of regular Iowpnces,
X SilK Windsor Ties— Novelties— In Persian embroidered f^"' t l^ y° U neeC * POrtiereS, by buying
S ends, aii colors; each. ..... Si. 25 an< j 5Oc \fc r r >i^-j^^^\ 0 " 0 "*' 3^^ these three lots to-morrow. ■
J* ___ _^ ■-- _ _-»,_, \1^"W= -r^^^T^^X \l\tt iR^aX\ntf^Vn\ ''- 50 Tapeitry Portiere*— la Armor: wexre, telf color, mw%
- MBit* SbBSii *fi'B£4..m ! * mW^0^^gEz£^\ or, r. r. « WW W \ W* & \\Mu M 34 »«h« wide, 3 yard, long, Monday, pair ....
i JJ UL \ Iti 1* 52 frl^fe^^^X^o-oSoupUd^-Fancy $1.2 5 Fancy Sugar Tong, WM'lfe^laM 52.50 Tapestry Porikre.-Orierual H~L> „ oo
* The COat St 4 SO ill^^^Sl goldanden- —Medium or \jraftTOTO™™wq w5 d e , - yari long, Monday, pair .. V. .... SI. 33
£ * \M" ILj L1^1-^'" J^ V^^ graved bowls $1.56 large 57 C $4-00 Tapestry Porti«rej— Plain colors and Persian tf^ fl J
i° - A "■ M~-~_ ' $S-OO set, fancy oyster forks, one stripei, 50 Lnchr. wide, 3 yard. long, Monday, pair
v /f iVi* $5.00 Set as Above— 6 u dwt. knives, (^^^j^fTT^^^A U^Pi^Pr <>^J /V * a^^\ doz. b case for o — o Nottinjluro L«ce Cortalni_ 4 g to 54 inches wide, novelty tnd
6 » //^xt^T? \c -ii X^W^^^^XX^^^^^^^^ &£.**& Brussels effect, whirr and ecru, pair. . . $1.50 and $2.UO
\\ *£*z££?r (h s«S§£3r 6 fancy stctjonal pUte \ g^^^j3iZBj X&Zzr-^&^O^&sA U co medium Iaple* pain UnltaHon Point Arabt Lace Curtaliu -Corded etfcctt, xo pattern, m
* y*^i | n^T i) forks, in case, onJy . . £?«?«C?C7 V^^&V'&mJ^^C 1 *?} "bowls ■ 4+4 JW heiTy net.ing, 43 to 54 inches wide, ~ 3 }i Tinis^ o t\Cl
X' 1 I^T 1 1. 60 set, 6 teaspoons $1.19 V " A AJ^^^g^ §1 m*& long, pair &3.OU
* /]$[ t&V^S (,.*>*, o*i*v»». . $2.38 |.. S o6»«ro,»,«db«wkdfe ' I 5 .«.6«r6i.«nbj^i. £$7*£?£&0M '"^Z.'^J^'Tj'-^~!/"' i '■< i "°°'> ha v°* d
I /i ! \\,mL±h^m> ,£« 6 *«,-....«;.« •^.t.^J'Hto m *:'.i'r.s2.7a ' .■■■.si.w tr-^.Tr-.^giSa; ■ts-oo.se ja^
5 I^^T" J&WwL^ ~^H>il^ 53.oo «et, 6 dessert forks . . .$2.18 f 2.60 s:t of lories. . .$1.83 $1.50 jelly knivw. . . . 67O $1^5 grzry \»d\et . . . SOo , _ ....
S iM'WSS^sT >->-"~- 6^'-- ■ -**- 3B llZti'^r -.%';% ?::=S:::JIS gS0!Sg|^ Sale of Wringers
s U^m&f f JI ;;:;r,M > ':i, AI . p: :': sac £'i££S£. : . •. *,%% i£S?Si; : •.: • h%% ob ': . fo : k :- : : si.9a Beginning Monday.^ ■ _
*■* L^ ' f { I —————— -----—-— -_-^_—^_^_»^«_^_^-__«^__-^__------^_— ———————^-—-^———— -^^ A special large purchase
I il/l^yj j Stirring Saies Wash Fabrics . ||SP^|^
I I! ; v Wi \ FBs&mm®ls 9 Bedding, Etc. STy U op- ?m£ J^m^ j
J* \\ These are thc new sprinR S° ods ~ the styles that are to be used this coming summer— and, with these v , a^' T wring- m^^T^^*i''m
£• --^^^^^^j!F J "**^ r^'^t'. N^ deeply cut sale prices, there should not be a yard left by to-morrow night. ° f », frora the orcintry fami.y $$ _^p££> oB
Ji - -jgifcQPp M % %> Choico Challies, Monday 28c— I* lawful colorings, 5O0 Suiting Flannels, Monday 28o~ a io: of me- op * to t h e large laundry. %£<\ {f*^
K I T~-=*4t^__-— T with dainty satin str.pes, the most nse nl and prettrest diurnal heavy weight sk rang dress flana«, mh.ack Cl ., Iroa Frame Wrin f en-io-inch rolkrs $1.22
6 tabnc in th: mirkrt, at the especially attractive sile STr'ctly W3ol, 28 inches wide, valaM 45c to 6ccths yard gmt&Q* ''•'' OT * . c# 00
\\ Women's Spring SuitJ $14.95— Half a dozen good styles, price, to-morrow only ~^^' '. (average 50c) on special fale to-mor.ow only . ... $z. 50 I«on Frame Wrinjen-io-inch roUrn Zl.UV
?• cf when one is shown in illustration; solid colored material of black, • v . '' . , , ' , * . mm $1.00 Galranaed Iron Frame Wringers— lo-iach rollers . .$1,49
X- brown or navy and novelty mixtures of the new spring fabric; Eton DreSS SOCrSUCkcr Sale - Monday only; choice of 7S0 pieces, th.s season « newest and most useful Seersuckers and V Galvankei Iron Frame Wringers- 1 1-inch rollers. . $1.S6
% or short wa kin S jackets, even length, unlined ,ki«s; £>/ a suit in Madras, for dresses, waist,, chudren'. wear, etc., m pb.n cflfectt, .tnpes^and check,, at !«, than they weld now COS t the maker, £& «!"!! WoZiFram- Wringer., pL rubber roTers-the five-Tear
J the collection -aoHh less than US.50; g • • • r * 0 ■£ 'B fM ul'c prce! f? IT. 92.67
fc iwnyot them a go>l izo.oo va us; il * l f& $ £$. m *}§ Ttv:otda!e Suiting - A 3 6-inch double fold f'mO WhitO Blankets-*"' Cali- ComforterS-A lot of zo dozen, full ,. Wocd Fnn - Family Wringers (like cut) $2.16
one price . production, both sides alike, an ideal fornia wool, full 5 lbs. weight, **0% sirt, si koline covered, whits filling, AO ' .»*/.. r«tr» ..«» c»ul«« »rH <w u Wrintfzn of the test trades
I Swa^CrLoni CoalS SlUO-Onc Style Shown m the pic- J^and skirdnV, 80 piece, only, a't full sze, o'f f5 .ooaW $3*98 w,llmade, each 98C .^^.i^^^J^S^rf ta . . .^
» turc.veos^fuU length garments; some w^h^gle cape, orhers yard f5 C Sale Of Bed SpPCZdS - In Bed Sheet, - Bleached, fell «e, (3,xoo), "^ 8 _ \ ] $1.28 *>$i6.o6
i S^n^eT^r^r^r^ f^^wS^^ trZ %£ heavy white Marseilles, also some Hnen finish V less than the mil, charges fcr }&& „,„,!„_„ B one«, for ironing plain goodswieh-
$ wearVall timesofSe year in' California; & f J* *** f^T ' ' " 15C ■ Colored; SOU* slightly SOlUd.ValueS *< ™«^> «* .>**<* heating bons:
J. a good 5,8.oo vake for 22|K*2SS^^^SbS U<>O and $2.i 5 , OH special Sale Pillow Case,- Sue 45*36 mchts, e^aDyas $8.50 «ye-^e pn« $6.5O
i Missn' Spring Suit, $,o. S O_A very choice collection of very smarc W^f^^^^M^ Monday Only, J « JB& » ** *^ «* <*»*' **&.*"« ' **-* *"* - $3 ' 50
» tailor suits in the 14, 16 and 18 year old sixes; the $10.50 suit is yard ........ t2 1~2G gacll • &***&& " ch 12 M-2O '
X mad=w:th ntn length skirt, Eton jacket with small shouM.r capr, W hite India Untn- a «'>«', finely woven, sheer Gray BlankelslThe' el 'vrn-quarter sixe, be.t TOWOling -Pure linen, unbl«ched, h^ 0m .— f— 1« S#5S#VJJS Gtofff*&. Eil*.
* andhasful sleeve,; comes in mixtu^res of blue^ra^du^a^ mik? , an unusual value, yard '_ Jtton, solid, heavy ,nd warm, 5 lbs. w.-igbt, weight: " ■< &&SGS BV&M¥i&9 %* Uii W? C*C-
J a «Dd co ,ors navy blue and ***> * ™ Gf/jBg* . .' '! 12 1'2C 2 0O pairs only, sprcully pr.ced .. $163 iSinch^d. 9C > t \fn*,Jnv nnd Tuesddv\
i 5.5-OO value for C !oth-FuU 36 inches wide, good !U bstan- Travel .Shtib-Uirlul ialso a, loungs ccv.n, ,8 inch wide tOC {MOttday (Hid JUeSddy)
V An Early Spring Outinj Skirt $2.60 -A |4-oo va'ue, 100 onlv, tial make, great bargain, piece I2\d«. $1.2Q aU wool, newett plaids, each. . . $4-50 aD inch wide ftO Maim -our best Eatern: ftr the * days, D» . ..... . 13UC
X* all wool, even length, well tailored, solid colon and mannish mix- * _^^^^ - *•**"* * ' _ _
* tures; jest the thing for outingt; beginning Mon- &**% MM ' \ . m . fapolio- Enoch Morgan s, 4 •»« •-• • ««?
I . Hot Water Bottles 75o SSi||}^ ||^|||^^^|| ISO V.V.V. "%
X' 1 ™%™ IH « 7i * SradC rUbb </' hVi S 0 - 1 * 0 "' iTl •.---•-• *°° BjSCIn 6 ?T' 3 - • • ' ' £ ° Am °°6 3fS arc: »For,ver.» ««La U ,hin ? Water." -The Gri : oa W hb ky _stand«rd brand, botde 73O
X 75C, 3 «. ff5c, 4 1' 91.OO Machine oil, bot SC Dress shed-, pair . . . . . Bo You Love," "ni B: Your Raii-braa,*' 'The Dc ender," «•!** L ke wmp.on »n» j » Og%n
it Excelsior Syringes -Good quality, hard rubber fittings; 2 qt. 75O, Ball and Socket, doz . . . .5c Real wbalctone, 36 in . . 156) to Hear Thu Song Again," "My Pa m Leaf Maid," 'Pinky Wm. VriUIaim Scotch WhfcKey— octt-e . o*w
K 3 <?• 85C, 4 qt. $1.OU Hook and eyes, 1 card* . . -5c T acing wheel*, each . . . . 4-O Panky P.o," "GHW.th th? Baoy Stare," • "I'll Be Busy AH Next Gold S«al Chempijne— dozen 54- S°» P L kstte OJO
j? Emporium Rubber Gloves— A good 1 1. 2 5 value 95O Samson Lining Silk— 19 inches, r.oth : ng bsttrr, yd 58c Wesk," etc., etc. Domestic Porter— ey»l to imported, dozen $1*05
x* ■'■■■• ' » "
I The new Spring £> ■ •A"k1'« l^lvr^i- C<c*r*v\/P>--fr <S Ah^^P K^ Extensive assortment
J Carpets at much !^ITi IT II C VC \ V a L 1 iMplwP i^O to choose ff 0111 "
S below combine prices. iJiili LIlO Q.UG. AXUllrtSterS TT J.the*ard. sewed, lined and laid.
rn^nt of a decision by the Montana Su
preme Court favorable to the right of
the Amalgamated Copper Company to
hold stocks of other corporations re
sulted in a culmination of a specula
tive movement in that stock. Currency
has moved freely to New Orleans dur
ins the week and interior exchange
has moved against New York. Thi3
development has bad added influence
by reason of the notice by the Secre
tary of the Treasury of a call in ten
days for payment of 20 per cent of
Government deposits in national banks
to provide for the Panama canal pay
rm-nt. The extraordinary figure at
which New York bank loans now
stand and the promise of additional
large requirements for railroad and
corporation purposes prompt a con
servative use of credits for speculative
purposes
Bonds have turned heavy on a di
minished volume of business. United
States two, threes coupon and the old
fours have declined M per cent on call
durins the week. '^t*' ■
General Black is Better.
T\'ASHINGTON*. Feb. 6. — The con
dition of General J. C. Black, Civil
Service Commissioner and commander
in chief of the Grand Army of the
Republic, is reported to be decidedly
improved to-nigr
* THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
TILLERS OF THE SOUj
TO FORM A TRUST
Tlic Organization Known as National
Farmers' Exchange Will Have
Capital of $50,000,000.
TOPKKA, Kans., Feb. 6. — A meet
ing will be held in Omaha March 1
at which it is proposed ,to consolidate
all tho co-operative agricultural in
terests in the Mississippi Valley; in
other words, to form a farmers' trust.
It will be known as the National
Farmers' Exchange and will be cap
italized at $50,000,000.
H. T. Gaines of Topeka is chairman
of the committee which is working
up the organization. Gaines has Just
returned from St. Paul, where he has
explained the work to the Minnesota
Farmers* Exchange. It Is the idea to
establish terminal facilities at Chi
cago, St. Louis, Kansas City, Omaha
and other necessary points.
Furniture for New, Postofficc.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 6. — Proposals
will be received until 2 p. m on March
7 for certain ruartered and plain white
oak, golden oak finish and mahogany
furniture for the San Francisco Fed
eral courthouse and postofflce. Speci
cations can be obtained upon appliea-
tion to the Treasury Department and
the Superintendent of Bulldrhgs.
It Will Be Summertime By and By.
The cold trade wln«Is will blow and thi peo
t-lc r.n.unl you will be gqinc away to some
Inviting spot for rest an<i warmth and recrea
tion. Thc Russian River country Is probably
thc most accessible and also the most Invit
ing. Last Mimmcr" CO cottars were erected
at Monte Hlo Park and 15 at Mes* Grant!*,
both, places on the Russian River. This year
these delightful summer cottage colonies will
no doubt hav«s 150 homes a Ions the river or
amid tbo redwoods on the hillside. Strect3
hav* been laid out and water piped "to all lots
which arc now bein? sold by the North Shpr*
Li.nU Company at ?0O U» %"\ Get a eopy'of
"Summer Hcme Site*" or "Summer Outlnjrs"
with map and full description at ticket of Bee.
(CO Market etreet. San Francisco. Mailed tree
on- receipt of address. ■• ■ - •
1161'iday for 3fail Carrici's.
WASHINGTON, Feb. G.— The Post
office Department has announced' that
all ■ rural free delivers' carriers In the
United States will have a holiday on
February 22, Washington's birthday.
There are approximately 20,000 • of
theee carriers.
Paso Roblrs for Recreation.
-. The: air- l« tnvigoratlnj: and the J aunshtnr
HJe-irlvlnit. Curative mad «r. hot .water baths
when you watt them. A Crst-clas* ticket b»
tweeu San Francisco «nd . Lo» Anseleo, either
direction including two days entertainment
at Paro Robl«» . Hot Springs Hotel, only $21 ;
children, $13 50. . Privilege of :» days' »top
over if -you wish. Southern Pacific agent* for
particular*. ".- -.--:- : '> ■■ •>
WANT $300,000 FROM
WHITKMORE'S EXECUTORS
Suit Is Filed in 3Iontana to Recover
t"l>c Purchase I»ricc of
Mexico Mine.
HELENA. Mont.. Feb. 6.— The Ro
sario Mining and Milling, Company of
Fort Worth, Tex., hits begun suit in
the United States Court here to se
cure judgments of $400,000 and $100.
000 respectively against William* Fal
coner, Frank L. Sizer and Charles W.
Clark, son of- Senator .W. A. Clark, as
administrators of the estate of Ed
ward L. AVhitemore. The . S4OO,oqo
judgment sought is alleged to be the
purchase. price of the Rosario mine in
Mexico, which ; it is charged, the de
fendants refuse to pay, and the $ 10/),
000 is a claim for damages alleged to
have been sustained because the prop
erty was not taken over according to
agreement.
Wins Ills Salt for Damages.
SAXTA ROSA, Feb. 6. — Damages in
the sum of $500 was awarded thh
morning: by Judge Seawell to A. F.
Cochrane in a ; suit brought against
W.;H. Bones. The men are neigh
bors near Sebastopol, and. Cochrane
: took : up a ". stray . hog belonging .to
Bones.' The latter caused the arrest
of Cochrane on a warrant sworn to
in the Justice's court of Analy Town
ship. The case was dismissed. Coch-
;. =
j - ADVEBTISEMEirrS. :
w^S I S^T^ i home can be completely
XT B M » M M tappy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex*
! I^I^SllPK^/Tv P^ tant mother most pass usually ir.
' l^y^SBStiH H^ so' full of suffering, danger and fear
< I %& that she looks forward to the critical
hour with i appreheusion and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and. all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the *■ «_ * a
ordeal that she passes through E|J| gi & Q^ gfo W&* (&
have testified and said, "it is * t
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per Ep^bFI/Q^prh/fH
bottle of druggists. Book containing ij |j n [| j Bfi!
valuable information mailed free. BE fl%^Bfl^la
THE BR\DFIEU) BEGtiUTOS CO.. AtlmU. C*.
rane subsequently brought suit for
$10,000. Judge Sea well in an opinion
states he is convinced that Bones act*
ed maliciously.
2728
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
818-82O /AAPK^T 3T. t FRAKQ»5Q0. ,§
Sale of Black Silk Petticoats COrSCtS ! COrSetS ! |
A epccial purchase, made of fine Selling away below cost. Only «
lustrous black Taffeta silk, trim- 50o pa irs of high-grade P. & N. 8
xned with tucked Spanish flounce. Corsets, in all styles in black; g
Reg. $6.00, Special 94.25 special Monday and Tuesday «
FLANNEL WAISTS onlv, reg ; $i.so. to be sold at 4^|
Sz^o each, Flannel Waists, reg. IMUSllfi UllderVVCar g
$4^o; all up to date styles, in Corset Covers in pretty styles g
black, red, blue and nile; special , 20c to T5c 8
$1.50 * 'fyjusiin' Drawers, trimmed with «
FIFTH. AVENUE BOWS lace and tucks.... 35c to $1.50 g
Fifth-avenue Bows— Made of Muslin Skirts, trimmed with «
high luster taffeta ribbon, all lace insertion and ruffles.... .... «
shades, reg. 50c, special 35c 75c to 92.50 g
music!. music! Table Oilcloth I
Special Sale zt 18c Copy. „ ucqY < P r rm ,. g
"Anona" (vocal and Instru- » tHT |
SS^ "55ta "JPtSS* Beautiful designs in Table Oil |
Cintennesxo). "Orizaba" (by aoth. first quaKty, 54 In. wide, g
| D 8ctnly. **»■ 18c " et "" P eo" 15c Yd. j
SPECIAL SUIT CASE SALE I
gftmit r%m *■* T^Vp Stilt CAB® HlXJl*" JT*
m* ip^tY&T substl- corners and h&n- Q
rate. 22 in. 81.95. ■"; <*les.^ 20in.81-«, §
24 in. S2.15. 26 22 "*- 5 1 * 68 * 2 * 8
In. «a!25V no. 9lM.2t In. «a.OO. §
40 other styles In Alliffator, -Seal. W«lru«, Grain and Calf Keraiol or 8
Pejamold. from S2.15 to S4.33. £;
TRUCKS CO-CARTS |
ao^out^pl.llneoftnmta pS^J^."? rSSSS.^? .'SS^ |
rcjrarfll«ss of their value. A savins select from as low as $2.75, as high. i%
of S2JD0 to 87.00 on each trunk . an S37.S0 8
XT WT^T. PAT YOU TO IgSPECT OXTB. POOPS JL2CD OOMPABU PBICZS. S
XJS1VXS. SAZOBS AI7D SHEARS QUOTTSnO AND REPAIBED. b
PICT U &S FEAUES OP ALL SESOBXPTZOZTS MADE TO ORDER, g
EXPERTS FELiE AXOTHER
REPORT WITH SUPERVISORS
Ebotrs Sogrcj^uions of Amounts Dae
on Registers of Probate Depart-
ment of County Clerk's Office.
Th« Hassell Audit Company, -which
has been expertinc tlie books of the
Probate Department of the County
Clerk's office, yesterday filed with the
Supervisors* Finance Committee a seg
regation by departments of the Su
perior Court of the amounts found
due on the registers of the probate
deportment of the County Clerk's of
fice. This segregation is based upon
a previous report of the Clerk's of
fice, which showed the conditions of
each cause up to and includine June
30. 1903.
This segregation shows the date and
nature of the last filing, the number
end title of the cause, the name of the
attorney and the amount due. In the
«>vent of the attorney's name not being
disclosed by the registers or the pa
pers in the file, the name of the ad
ministrator, guardian or petitioner is
given. The segregation of each de-
ADVEB.TE5EME1TTS.
' ' te#^^*^?l By Electro-chemistry as by no
".1-1 other known treatment. Read
' - % the testimony of grateful men
, '* \ patients who have been quick-
'-''-,"/■'."■ ly, cheaply and permanently
,. r vw> ( cured. Old men, middle aged
P^« 4 mcn and y° un^ mcn » no ma tter
jfJ^'-irfF.' ■» ."£*■ ''''") whatyour trouble may become
Wi :>/''%7/ ;i to us for free consultation, ex- 4
'- ■'■•'SijW'^ **^' : S%t& 81 amlnatlon and advice. We will
\L ~s*~W*'- '-■■' %s 1 explain to you why Electro-
\\ i-'-, * ' y^S...' ' Chemistry cures and how it
]: i - "/v a cures seemingly Incurable dis-
pf^, ;/j . Jke^' \ cascs - Our department for
T\ 7^ : "' ' <££&* > >J± men is private, our practice is
p^.^'X|:r/V'v-" :i --* < ' x "'^^SBB sacredly confidential. \o testi-
jgfi^*';- i L v ;'H''-V':'v^i^^H^B monia! is ever used without full
jM&?'- : i'v : -^/i:--- >>J8Bfci consent of the cured patient.
WbMMzL '^M£M§!8&&$ PETER G. ANDERSON, Pet-
i' '•■ '- JgliBSSSft "^^B^BBBBBmB aluma, Cal. Cured of bleeding
Bg8gm!i&5aj5 WMr B ' a tumor of bladder. Electro-Chem-
s. b. outtuo. istry saved. Mr. Anderson's life.
Banta Cruz, CaL HERMAN KOSTER, 2425
Cored of rheumatism, bladder Fourth St., West Berkeley, cured
nd prostatic trouble. o f rheumatism that had all but
paralyzed him. Mr. Koster was cured nearly two years ago and
there has been no return of the trouble,
CAPTAIN A. W. HOLSTROM, 2972 Twenty-third St., San
iVancisco. Cured of catarrh of the head, throat and lungs.
PAUL MAYWALD, 1169 Mission St, San Francisco.
Cared of catarrh of the head, lungs, bladder and kidneys.
F. W. COMBELLICK, 1031 Market St., San Francisco.
Cttred of rheumatism, and inflammation of liver and bowels.
MR. N. PETERSON, 102 Arlington St., San Francisco.
Cured of catarrh, ringing ears and deafness.
FREDERICK MEYER, Mills College, Cal. Cured of catarrh
of the head and lungs and deafness. f
E. NORDBERG, 600 Murray St., West Berkeley, Cal. Cured
of rheumatism and stiffened joints.
Remember, men, it makes no difference how many doctors using the
old line medical treatments have failed tocure you; it makes no difference
if you have squandered good money on electrical belts or indifferent elec-
trical treatments without being cured or benefited. Electro-Chemistry has
cured these men who have given us the above testimonials after other
treatments had signally failed, and beyond a shadow of a doubt it will cure
* you. Come and see us any way, and we can soon tell you just what it
will do for you. /
Electro=Chemic Specialties. ELECTRO-CHEMJC
Klectro-Chetnlstry cures painlessly, IIVIQTBXI ITF
•illicitly, permanently and cheaply Ca- lllO II I %J I l_«
tarrh. Consumption, Asthma, Bronchitis, ..^ _ .■ _ .>. ■ y
l>eafnesiB, Ringing Ears, Cancers, Tu- 118 Grant AVC, Cor. Post St
inors. Old Sores, Blood Poison, Rheuma- «... .»._-__
t ism. Neuralgia, Locomotor Ataxia, Par- HAH PBAHCIECO.
a lysis. Piles, Diseases of the Nervous Office hours, 9 a, m. to 5 p. m. and 7
System. Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, to 8 p. m. dally; Sundays 10 a. m. to 1
Kidneys and Bowels, Bladder and Pros- p. m. Separate apartments for ladies and
tatic Diseases. Special Diseases of Wo- gentlemen.
men, Special Diseases of Men, Stricture, HOME TEEATMEirr
Prestatltls. Weakness. Varicocele. Jf you llve at a dIstancCf t ' to come
Consultation T^rfcr**!""* for a P« rsonal examination. If you can't
'and ■""Ixrirl come, write for . Instructions for home
Examination * *^ *-•■-• examination and treatment
partment Is made by years, beginning
■with 1895 and concluding -with June
30,. 1903. The report Is in the nature
of working sheets to be used in mak
ing subsequent collections of the
amounts shown to be due and to guido
the court in its aid to the county in
the collections of the amounts due.
No footings have been made, as the
report is In substance simply an in
dex of amounts due the city and coun
ty as shown by the registers in th«
probate department.
The Prussian Government has decided
to found an agricultural school at De
litzsch, in the province of Saxony, near
the Saxon frontier. Deiltzsch has a
population of 10,500. It is on the line
of the railroad extending from Lelpslc
to Magdeburg, which belongs to the
Prussian Government, in the heart of
a most prosperous section of the coun
try, where agriculture is the chief oc
cupation of the people.
President Loubet has conferred upon
Superintendent Melville of Scotland
Yard the order of an officer of the Le
gion of Honor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
GALLOWS ROPE
ENDS HIS LIFE
William Glover, Who Killed
the Father of the 'Girl He
Loved, Dies at Folsom
EXECUTION IN THE PRISON
Efforts to Obtain Executive
Clemency Fail and the Ex
treme Penalty of Law Is Paid
BACRAMBNTO, Feb. «. — William
Glover was hanged at Folaom prison
at IS o'clock to-day for the murder of
Frederick Nierhoff of Placer County.
The body was pronounced lifeless In
fourteen minutes. Ths hanging was
entirely without incident. Glover did
not make a statement. He accepted
the religious ministrations of a Catholic
priest. His brother, Oscar Glover, was
at th» prison but remained at th» Cap
tain's office during the execution.
Glover was convicted on September
8, 1902, of having killed Nierhoff near
Auburn on the 11th day of June, 1902,
and on September 29, 1902, he was sen
tenced by ■ Judge Prewett of Placer
County to be hanged seventy-five days
later. The matter was delayed by an
appeal to the- Supreme Court, which re
sulted in the affirmation of the Judg
ment of the lower court. On January
11, 1904, he was resentenced to bo
hanged on February 6. An appeal for
executive clemency was made by his
attorney.
The killing of Nierhoff by Glover was
presumed to have been the outcome of
an attachment formed by the latter for
tha former's fourteen-year-old daugh
ter, Agnes Nierhoff. William Glover
and his brother, Oscar, were owners
and operators of a mine on the Ameri
can River, near tha Nierhoff ranch.
They were frequent visitors to the
Nierhoff home, and unknown to the
parents of Agnes an attachment was
formed between her and William
Glover, who was about twice her age.
The father requested Glover to cease
paying attention to his daughter, and
the latter ordered him to keep away
from the premises. On the day of the
murder Glover paid a visit to Miss
Nierhoff In the absence of the father.
As he was leaving the house Nierhoff
arrived. Some words ensued and
Nierhoff was shot by Glover, who had
a rifle with him. Miss Nierhoff and
Oscar Glover were witnesses to the
shooting. The Coroner's Jury rendered
a verdict to the effect that the killing
■was premeditated and without provo
cation, and also that Oscar Glover was
an accessary to the crime.
The trial of William Glover lasted
four days and the jury found him guilty
of murder In the first degree, after de
liberating five hours. Oscar Glover
was tried for complicity in the crime
and was acquitted, j Glover accepted
the death sentence with stolidity, and
all he ever said is that he "got the
worst of it." . •
3IANT LABOR TROUBLES
REACH A SETTLEMENT
Brief Synopsis of the Business Affairs
That Have Recently Been Trans- •
acted In Union Circles.
Acting under instructions from
headquarters the Paperhangers* and
Fresco Painters' Union No. 609 will
withdraw from the local Building
Trades Council. This withdrawal is
the result of the trouble arising out of
the late election In the painters' un
ion, in which two sets of presiding of
ficers claim the right of authority.
The new wage schedule that has
been submitted to the managers of the
sugar company has been accepted.
This acquiescence on the part of the
sugar company has given much satis
faction to the employes. -f
Peace has been declared .;. between
the Cordes Furniture Company and
the union men that were battling for
union rules. All the hands employed
by the Cordes Company will join the
union at the next meeting. ,
• Information from : Los „ Angeles
brings the news that the butchers'
strike, which has been carried on since
last October, has been settled and all
boycotts declared off.
New headquarters for the San Fran
cisco Painters' District Council has
been secured at 280 Jessie street. The
quarters are elegantly fitted up with
reading-rooms and billiard and smok
ing apartments. The first meeting
was held In the new quarters last
night, at which quite a number of the
craft were present.
The reorganization of the District
•Council of Sheet Metal Workers has
been perfected with the following offi
cers:
President, Franklin J. Boyd of Oakland; vice
president. W. J. Forbes of 8an Jose; secre
tary, Harry Costen of San Francisco; treas
urer. James Doyle of Ban Francisco. '
At the meeting to-morrow C. W.
Schwartz and J. J. Kelly will address
the delegates. ;/;_**'
Bicycle and Automobile Mechanics'
Union No. 177 has elected the follow
ing officers: . '
President. G. H. Woodward; ric« president.
D. N. Nicholson; treasurer.- - H. W. Cobb;
recording secretary, E. O. Putzman; financial
secretary, E. W. Hoffman; ■ guide, E. Bell
man; guardian. I. W. Honchman; delegate
to Labor Council, J. Zlmmer.
The election of the Bookbinders'
Union No. 31 resulted in the selection
of the following officers: ,
President. Charles J. "Williams; vice pre«i«
dent. Bd Wagner; recording ■ secretary. Al
Paull; financial secretary, William J. Flem
ing; treasurer, George , Pedan; - statistician,
Howard Morton; . guide. - 8. - Rose; executive
committee — Joseph Floyd. _Tbeo Fluehr and
William J. Stridden; business agent, William
Brown; 1 Inspector, James D. Kelly; delegates
to th» Allied Printing Trades Council— Theo
Fluehr, T. Leary and D. T.* Powers; dele
gates to Labor Council — T. Fluehr, T. Leary
and D. T. Powers; delegates to Bindery
VToraen's ■ Union No. 125— William Strickland
and Theo Fluehr; press correspondent, X>, T.
Powers.
The/election for officers; : of Mill
wrights' Union No. 766 was held last
night and resulted as follows : -
President. W. H. Pratt; first vice president,
M. J. Bradley: second vice president, George
Taylor; recording secretary. C. W. "Martin;
financial secretary. C. A. Klnnear; -treasurer,
George P. Dorgan; warden, Joseph Hanley;
conductor, Alex Talt; auditors — J. "W. Miller,
O. W. Martin and A. Talt; trustees — "W. II.
Pratt, George Taylor and O.-.W, Martin; del
egates to District Council— C. 'A. Klnnear and
N. N. Dlbbert; delegates to Building Trades
Council— M. J. Bradley, A, Talt and H. T.
Gpauldlng. '
There is much interest • manifested
among the union men of the city In the
mass-meeting that will be held to-night
at the . Alhambra Theater for the ' pur-
SEEK TO STOP
FLOOD DAMAGES
Land Owners in Sacramento Val
ley Meet to Discuss Improve
ment of River Conditions
AGREEMENT IS POSTPONED
Representatives From Various
Sections Not Yet Decided on
.the Solution of a Problem
Special Dispatch to Tht Oil.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— !A.n Im
portant conference of up-river and
down-river land owners was held to
night with Frank D. Ryan, State Com
missioner of Public "Works, the auditing
board of the commission and Colonel
W. H. Heuer, representing the Federal
Government, with reference to the re
lief of the river section from the effect
of annually recurring floods.? .
Colonel Heuer said there were two
ways of solving the problem — one by a
cut-off and the other by widening the
channel. He added that personally he
favored the widening of the channel.
The down-river land owners argued in
support of a- cut or channel through
Horseshoe bend. This proposition was
favorably considered by the commis
sioner and the auditing board until it
was discovered that the. land owners
would not give a free right of way. The
last Legislature appropriated $200,000
for the river improvements.
It was decided to hold another con
ference on February 15, at which it Is
hoped to reach an agreement as to how
the flood waters shall be disposed of.
Barr's Business With Bryan.
This story Is going the rounds In
Washington: In the campaign of
1900 William J. Bryan spoke at Buf
falo one Saturday night in October.
H« was delayed and his, special car
went off to Huntlngton, W. Va., with
out him.
Mr. Bryan and Robert Rose," his
secretary, got a train to Columbus,
and from there to Pittsburg. They
landed in Pittsburg on Sunday morn
ing. Bryan went to the Duquesne Ho
tel. A lot of Democrats got wind of
his arrival and went to the hotel to
see him.
Mr. Bryan was ill at ease. Finally
he sent a boy out to find Albert Barr,
proprietor of the Pittsburg Post. Barr
was at church, but left at once and
went to the hotel. Mr. Bryan took
him to one side and said: "Will you
come to my room for a minute?"
Baiy followed to the elevator, won
dering what great political secret he
was to share. After they reached the
room Mr. Bryan closed the door and
said:
"Barr, you know I missed my train
at Buffalo, and must get to Hunting
ton in time to make a speech to-mor
row morning."
"Yes," said Barr. .
"Well. I wish you would lend me
$50. AH my money is on the car. I
haven't got a cent with me." '
Barr produced, Bryan caught his
train. Barr got back t<£ church in time
for the sermon, and until this day the
Pittsburg Democrats wonder what
happened between Barr and Bryan on
that Sunday morning. — Washington
Post.
pose of protesting against the action
of the Governor of Colorado relative to
the miners' strikes. The meeting will
be conducted under the auspices of the
American labor union organizations of
the city and many noted speakers will
be present. ' At the conclusion of the
meeting a resolution expressing the
Bentiment of those present will be for
warded to the Colorado authorities.-
The Furniture, 'Carpet and Drapery
Salesmen's Association, Local No. 733,
held a large and enthusiastic meeting
at Sonoma Hall, Pioneer building, on
Wednesday evening, February 3. Two
applicants for membership were re
ceived and six candidates obligated.
The meeting was addressed by the
president of the District Council of
Retail Clerks and special invitations
were issued to the employes of furni
ture concerns who are not yet members
to be present at the next open meeting
on February 17. The meeting closed
with a jinks.
The fourth anniversary ball, which
was given by the Cooks'. Association
of the Pacific Coast at Native Sons'
Hall last night, was a success. The
hall was decorated for the occasion and
representatives from all over the coast
were present. Dancing was kept up
until midnight, after which refresh
ments were served. No expense was
spared in making the entertainment
one long to be remembered by those
present. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARBAROUS SURGICAJj OPERA-
For Cure of Piles
Is not only Intensely painful, dangerous
to life and very expensive, but In the
•light of modern medical research and
since the discovery of the Pyramid Pile
Cure, wholly unnecessary. If you have
any doubt on this point kindly read the
following letter from one who knows
that the claims regarding the merits
of the Pyramid Pile Cure are borne out
by facts:
"For a lonp time I suffered with blind
piles. They gave me so much pain and
uneasiness that they almost disqualified
me for doing anything. 1 saw aiTad in
the Atlanta Journal of .Pyramid Pile
Cure and ordered a 50-cent box. I used
tb^m and they gave me relief;. that en-
couraged me and I bought another 50-
cent box and they cured me. Oh, how
glad that' I- am^well again! .v.^; .
"The Pyramids cured me and ; I am
satisfied they will cure anybody else
who is suffering as I was. If they will
use them.
; ?'Tou may use this in , any way you
see , proper; if my experience will en-
courage any sufferer to use • your. Pyra-
mids I shall be glad. H. K. HICKS,
Calhoun, Ga." /
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold , by
druggists ; for , 60 f cents a package, and
its merit is so well known that the sales
exceed ; those of all similar remedies
combined. v
Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich.; for their little book on the causes
and cure of piles, which is sent free for
th© asking.
; - ADVERTISEMENTS. ___— - -
We can assist you In many ways— help you to find a house, help you to make It com-
fortable and homelike.
The new house always calls for something new in the furniture line— a new carpet or
curtains, or stove, or dining table. Means additional expense at a time when the purse Is
taxed to the utmost. s
Let us shoulder the worry. Your promise to make a small weekly or monthly pay-
ment brings anything in the house furnishing line to your door. • '.
The Renting Department The ilodel Cottage J
Our renting department has passed the ex- . . . |
perimental stage. We are finding homes, for The cottage, containing four rooms, is built ;
dozens of people every day. ~ in the store.
It contains a memorandum of every desir- . It is furnished in an inexpensive way. $150
able house, flat or cottage that is to let in San pays for the • furniture, but we give you a
Francisco. year's time in which to pay the $150.
j [ Come and look over our lists. We will as- The way it is furnished may not meet with
sist you in every possible way to find a de- your approval; we can furnish it in fifty dif-
sirable home. ferent ways for the same amount of money.
This department is absolutely free and you The cottage demonstrates that our furni-
need not feel that it places you under any obli- ture is low priced and that we thoroughly \
gation whatever. ■ understand our business^ — home furnishing.
Handsome Enameled Bed, $8 ||^||'.$ J^H:-Jg><^7 |j| vjf 1/
Ought to find one to suit you V^^^ct '-^m W Ys& A Dressing Table Like Tills
in such an array. u^^lLAji/lf^sctxso^bm^mJ Ji^8 t^ le Prettiest pattern that ever
And for prices, look at the Ieft the Made in birdseve
one pictured. Heavy orna- H ''' ; irjWHi'i maple, genuine mahogany or the rich-
mental chills; top rail is a con- % \ ♦ cst oi qaarter-sawed oak.
tinuation of the posts; massive; Macciiro Hall Pank C1Q OH THE PRICES.
guaranteed in every part and flail KaCK, $J».UU In birdseye mapIe $10.00
comes in every color. A 200(1 Seven feet ifl In golden oak $17.50
$8.00 is the every day price, 1. : „!. f nrnnft .t; / , nfl t fl i,, In mahogany ?1O.OO
and we show 40 more metal n e I gn I, propOITIOnaieiy a little wider than the usual dress-
beds within a dollar of that wide and deep. • ing table; mirror is larger and beauti-
-I The magnificent mirror nU'wIoiw cabinet worfc lre as
— : — , / -*s^* i^^W^ IS jU inches in height and near perfection as nature and man can
n wide enough to reflect prodace ' ,
f^\ //■/"// |\ ou . need not expect {*?¥'&
J^ V«=^^5==^JJj\ anything but the choicest L/y '* "^ . ,
° ak lU a hal1 raC^ °f thiS •~-= a mjLr'£^f2
fit p^^Q^^^P C The dassic carvings are
// fl^g-^fe^-Lg^ 1 beautifully chiseled. 'XJ^^^^^jaS^u I
// { I^^S^i^/' I'" Wrought brass hat I
\\j ' ■ '^^^^f^^sj- A fitting preface to a /i^^'^vC "
iff 1 Ife'feV' -it. beautiful home. j
Handsome Dresser, $22.50 T . ftl -. . _. ... V
A dresser of unusual beauty. Rich- I nQ \tflrO ThUt TrilClC TnQ m.» * <*^ , „ ' ,. f
ly carved mirror frames and stand- NIC 01UIC I lldl IIUolO lliC MOmS Chair, $14.40
ards. Serpentine front. Mirror Is a n ■ s • r • j »•«.*»
pattern French plate. 24x30 inches. HPfifilP <-omes in two woods, polished
The cabinet work is excellent; I wUUIOi golden oak or mahoganized birch.
drawers work smoothly-do not stick j. «, .. - . Von can select any $6 set of cush-
Wo show the finest line of odd • »« OIUIC 1116 rCUUlC ions m the store to go with your
dressers San Francisco has ever seen. - •** .1 - ' chair. It s richer in design than
Seventy-eight samples at prices un- j f||JJ ( most o f the $20 chairs around
\ f \ ' 6 vCTmi xt Kn I I V ■ I il I KST or t/ f v# ®i M Aw A
1 I ; a&i I V'% U If - Tirtrl — 1 ■ f H 1 V I ■ ■ \TfJM _J« V B KM WT2 \ m\ * T '#1
*CVi fl. k! ft 1 tt?j H I £9fv*5BI Rj I k 3 HI wt I k I DuQ MO a v m ft m -fll '^*
1> A Yj-4 r ti I I R2 h I cS^a nil I MHHIBII *vm tSn I ill K| wSk KB
V^\m i B " I vH S I rnlsa il F I r I EoH EBl 1 III Eg la w
mA H I • mm V KB Bill E^Ka fi I ■ i t ■ WS F3 I D W KWSeSm *P^B 1 H m E£l i PHil bBU
e* H ! tS \ ffl, Hill KM fill i 0 n m I ■ ewaO 1^1 I ■ « H MB ' ■ 1 3i t I
t £ 3 ■ il A y J H m M ffSS EX -> A ■ n W ri B i *St3l fe 1 I H 9^ W ft i£li ?*'!
Scnator^ljearned XJ?e of Platform.
Senator Stewart, while traveling in
Nevada, stood on the platform of the
coach and was approached* by a con
ductor, according to the Kansas City
Journal. '
"Senator," began the employe,
touching his cap respectfully, "I dis
like to remind you of rule 2, which re
quires passengers to 'ride inside the
coaches."
"I own this road," replied the Sena
tor gruffly. "But even If:I didn't own
it, am I not a privileged passenger by
reason of being a prominent politi
cian?"
"I believe that platforms are for
politicians to get In on, but not to
stand on," replied the conductor.
The Senator promptly stepped
through the door.
ADyEBTISEMEUTS.
SPECIAL OFFER.
THIS FINE BUFFET COO 50
Comes in' "Weathered Oak, beautifully
finished, with excellent French Plate
Mirror. . TDon't let this opportunity
pass.
We've several other special offers
in/ Furniture that it will pay you to
investigate. ■•
A. B. SMITH CO.
Furniture, Trunks, Leather Goods,
■ ■ •'. Etc. ,i ■ ■■■'■■
128-132 ELUS ST., Above Powell.
V . BAN FRANCISCO.
ROCKS CRASH
ON A LABORER
Thirty Employes Work Des
perately to Kescue a Comrade
From Disaster Near Ventura
Special Dispatch to The C*U.
VENTURA, Feb. 6.— Matthews Glea
son is lying at the Elizabeth Bard Hos
pital. He was mangled by & moun
tain, side caving In and burying him
under tons of dirt and rock.
For a half hour thirty men worked
in a rapid manner, throwing dirt In
order to extricate Gleason. It was
feared that he would not bo found
alive.
"When found he was" quickly placed
on the construction train, which made
a record trip over tills branch line.
Railroad Surgeon Cunnane does not be
lieve that Gleason can live. This even
ing he was placed on the operating
table to have his right leg amputated.
His right arm is broken and cut, his
head is lacerated and he has internal
injuries.
j The Southern Pacific Company has
a crew with a construction train fill
ing the big gulch ; near Nordhoff. A
steam shovel Is also used. The dirt for
filling - purposes ■ is obtained from the
mountain. This morning there was a
sudden cave. Several other laborers
were also partially covered.
It is reported that In view of the
looting of Boer Bibles that took place
during the late war the Bible Society
is to make a free distribution of 5000
Dutch Bibles bound . In leather.
A memorial has been erected at a
cost of £130 In Toowoomba Cemetery ,
near. Brisbane,. Queensland, over the
grave of Peter Jackson, the pugilist.
Nine Doctors for One Hog.
Laat year a lady went all the way
from Central America to Carlsbad for
the sake of her eleven-year-old lapdog.
Vicky, which she brought with her.
The climate of Carlsbad, however,
proved too cold for her pet and the
veterinary surgeon there recommend
ed the Riviera, There the dog and its
mistress lived nearly a year, but not
long ago Vicky became worse, nina
doctors were consulted. Roentgen rayg
were tried, but all to no avail, for tha
dog died of cancer. Ita mistress has
now written a letter, published In a
Carlsbad paper, to the veterinary sur
geon there. In which she reproaches
herself for not having done more for
Vicky, "who was her all In this
world." — Baltimore Sun.
Ons way to expand the chest Is to
carry a large heart In it.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ;.V
I WILL GIVE $1000
M^^^^h. Ifl fail to cure any
CANCER
HI or Tumor I treat
■Mb jaa. 4e3bI bef*rtt it poisons
7 MliMilJiPih!
JteL y to Pay Until Gored
M *2Jr"^i M in 80 yean I ht.r. cured more
*fl c*ncexs th:.n an^ other docto-
. I U'lajf. •*?•■ . .Rayorotharswtn-
fcte*C?£>^ JL? 1 *' INVCSTIGATC
BiS^jZ&feJl] Absoluts Gnirintsa
K^i^^A LUMP T INJ
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
7 * poison tte glaada In th«> onnvii
aad shouMer; ttion cure Is often l« posstble. Ani
tmnor, 'man or gore on the Lip, J*ACE br anT-
•irbere ut moat** 'Is nearly tlways ctacsr.
Tbey never pal*. • ntf almost past curts.
120 PAG": BOOK SENT<FREE.
wl'J> > ■ymritoaL. .n testimonials of thousands
curta whom yon -an sea and talJj wits, ■
DR. fc.-Ugs. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"StrlctyRftiiabie." Two L»dy Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St., San Francbco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCERADVERTISEMENTS.
jlfk' SUCCESS
/$K7 ll&V Y»^ The P eo P le appreciate tho
fe^A lS^\ZX'v 6^ oe t )ar g aln s we arc giving.
Notwithstanding the rain
ft^l^^yl * ast wcc^ our kig store was
jK^S$|S|^ 1 thronged with busy buyers.
J^T P. [.NOLAN
Hi I Nolan Bros. Shoe Co.,
|§y§|| IS RETIRING
li|I|i FROM BUSINESS
\®Ba39|gigg*|| And the entire stock must be
VH^^'?yfvj closed out regardless of cost.
We will make a special cut
in the price of
JOHNSTON & MURPHY'S
HIGH-GRADE SHOES
FOR MEN
AND
LAIRD, SCHOBER & GO'S
AND
WICHERT & GARDINER'S
WORLD-KNOWN SHOES
FOR WOMEN
ALL STYLES. ALL SIZES.
I Jhac On the Bargain Counters at 50c,
OnOrt UinCb 75cand$1.00apair.
NOLAN BROS.
PHFI AN RI Til DINO 812-314 market street
rnCLftn DUlLUlllU 0|| o FARR^LL STREET
Dc Windt Will lecture.
Harry de Windt, who is to lecture
here on Tuesday evening* February 9,
in Lyric Hall, is in every sense of the
word a "globe trotter." Recognized
as an impartial observer, he was in
vited by the Czar's Government to visit
the prisons of Siberia and give to the
world an unbiased opinion of the exile
system. His account of this system is
absolutely trustworthy and of such a
nature as to awaken in the heart3 of
his hearers an earnest desire for an
immediate and complete reform.
Ixtoks Dad for Stray Dogs.
The Humane Society has completed
arrangements for assuming control of
the public pound to-morrow morning.
Harry Irwin, sustained by Mayor
Schmitz, claims that he is still pound
master, la spite of the decision of the
Board of Supervisors. Both estab
lishments will be running full blast
this week in pursuit of stray animals
and the municipal appropriation.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
"Little-at-a-Time Payments."
SIDEBOAirtiJS
. ■ - .- ■
Selected quarter-sawed oak, French
bpv«*l plato mirrors, lined drawer. We
have them in a variety of styles and
Jesigns at prices to suit every purse.
Also have a full line of up-to-date
buffets. Whon down town shopping
call in and see our stock. We will be
rilr.ised to chow you our fjords wheth-
er you purchase or not. Remember
we cap. undersell all others as we pay
no rent and are not members of any
"Searpet or furniture combine.
"Your Credit Is Good."
THE
J, Nconan Furniture Co.
1017-1023 Mission Street
Above Sixth
PRESCRIPTION'S 34.406 and 7
GtrABAHTTED CUKE 70S MEW.
• HARMLESS MTJECTIOH. Cures ordi-
nary casts in a few days. Warranted to
rure worst cases or money refunded. WO
OTHER TXtEATMXIfT HEQXTIKED. Pre-
vfnts and Cures Ktrictures. PKEVENTS
COZ7TAGXO2T. Harmless. $1.09 per bot-
tle, expressed. For Bale only at agency.
Jf\ S. XELLY'S PTTABMICT.
102 KDDY ST.. S. F.
tfggSa^ff menandwqmeh.
«2«:i.(pVCKE*<KM Cee Big G for unn«tor»i
/w:./ii 1 todt^M difcb»n«i,tnflantmationt.
&Sfc£ Gctrtoutd Yj irrit&tioaB or ulretationi
f?*fcf not t* Mrictor*. cf mucous racnjbr»nei.
l*-J frm.uc.tark>.. p»s n ;en, an d not *«trin.
liT> VH* "till CHtW miC8. j«nt or poifonoci.
EgA KMtIIUTl,eggg Sold b 7 DrBrrUU,
C*. a. JsT or «*»t <n *l»l» wrapper.'
inSflOtfc ttirfm b * «xpre«i, prepaid, for
\W-^5rVU t1 - 00 - orabottlt|«2.78.
» Circal*/ feat cb rtftaeft
GENERAL MACARTHUR
CALLS OX DICKINSON'
Commander of This Federal Army
Division Pays Compliment to the
National Guard.
General MacArthur, accompanied
by his aid, Major Parker W. West,
made an official call upon Major Gen
eral John II. Dickinson, division com
mander. National Guard of California,
yesterday at 12 o'clock at the head
quarters reception rooms in the Oc
cidental Hotel.
* General Dickinson was surrounded
by his staff. Captain T. Waln-Morgran
Draper, Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Kos
ter. Lieutenant Colonel A. Huber and
Lieutenant Colonel Louis Barrere.
The call lasted for over an hour, dur
ing which time the two chiefs were
enfe'aged in active and animated con
versation. Xaturally the impending
crisis in the Orient was the basis for
a good deal of the discussion. Shortly
after 1 o'clock General MacArthur
withdrew amid heartiest expressions
of the kindest feelings existing be
tween the army of the United States
and the State militia.
General MacArthur did not make
his intended official call on Captain
Ulrico Piscetto, commander of the Ital
ian cruiser Puglia. The preparations
being made on board the foreign war
vessel for immediate departure to the
Orient are such that the ship was not
in shape to receive visitors, which in
formation was conveyed to General
MacArthur by a messenger" sent by-
Captain Piscetto yesterday morning.
The vessel is being coaled in such
haste that she is covered with dust
from end to end and. was In no con
dition to receive visitors. Major West,
aid to General MacArthur, went' on
board to informally return the cal} of
the foreign commander.
The transport Logan sailed from
Honolulu forUhis port late Tuesday
night and is due here early on the
morning of the 12th. She sailed from
Manila on January 15 and made a
quick run to Honolulu. She brings
Brigadier General T. J. Wint, Brig
adier General Jesse M. Lee; the
Twenty-seventh Infantry of 62i men,
under command of Colonel Samuel R.
Whitall; 340 casuals, 44 prisoners, 38
sick, 2 insane and 67 marines.
The new directory of the officers of
the United States army on duty in the
city and harbor of San Francisco and
of retired officers residing within the
limits of the Department of California
whs issued yesterday by Major John R.
Williams.
The transport Sherman is scheduled
to sail for Manila on March 1. This
will leave* four transports in the har
bor, ready for any sudden emergency.
Lieutenant Benjamin Boswell, U. S.
A., retired, registered at headquarters
yesterday.
HEALTH OFFICIALS RAID
CHEAP LODGIXG-HOUSE
Abate Nuisance by Carting Off the
Beds and Bedding, Which Are
Burned as Unsanitary.
.vjA number of health inspectors un
der the si/pervision of Chief Inspect
ing Physician Hassler made a raid
early yesterday morning on a 5-cent
lodging-house known as the "Crystal
Palace" in the basement of the prem
ises at the southwest corner of Third
•and Howard streets. Complaint had
been made to Health Officer Ragan
that the lodging-house was 'in an un
sanitary condition and steps were tak
en at once to abate the nuisance.
The inspectors routed out some
ninety-four men that were sleeping
in the place and at once began to
throw out the so-called beds and bed
ding on the sidewalk. The beds were
bunks made of a few sticks of wood
and the bedding mostly old sacks,
which were found to be full of vermin.
So .bad were the conditions that, the
stuff was all carted away to a lot at
North Beach and burned. The place
was run' by Hahn & Bolemans and
was. frequently complained of by
passers by, and recently twelve of the
lodgers were arrested for vagrancy.'
Honeyed lips cannot overcome a vine
gar life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', ] SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
WEBER & FIELDS BRING
CARLOADS OF JOLLITY
Special "Train- Arrives With All-Star Company and
Eighty Pretty and Talented Girls—Comedians
Tell of Some Funny Happenings on the Journey
. Four carloads of human Jollity
rolled into the mole station at 5:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon and the
much-advertised Weber. & Fields spe
cial train had completed its run from
New York. Five minutes later the
playerfolk, more than 100 In number,
were braving i~. the drizzle on the top
deck of the ferryboat Oakland and
trying to distinguish the San Fran
cisco shore line through the heavy
murk, for more than two-thirds of
them had never seen the city in which
for the next two weeks' the entire big
company -Is to form one of the theat
rical attractions.
Allthe celebrities pictured on the
posters were there. Lillian Russell,
looking not a minute older or less
pretty than when she was last here,
eleven years ago, hugged a Japanese
poodle and pointed out familiar ob
jects to her sister, Mrs. Westforde,
who is her companion on the tour.
And there was "Pete" Dailey, rotund
as ever and with his face divided by
the same old smile. Charles J. Ross
and his wife. Mabel Fenton, who
charmed Orpheum audiences about a
year ago, were among those present.
John T. Kelly, who is trotting a tie
with Mr. Dailey for the corpulency
stakes, smiled and nodded at the
spires that loomed faintly through the
fog as the Oakland neared her slip,
for he was well and favorably known
to the San Franciscans of a decade
ago, when Walters ran the Orpheum
and the Wigwam was an institution.
Then there was Louis Mann, with the
face of a poet and the temperament of
a comedian, and there also were
Weber and Fields themselves, the two
young men who are responsible for
the whole great all-star aggregation.
Keen and intelligent chaps they are,
with a respect-compelling presence
that their bright amiability serves to
enhance. As "the boys" they are ad
miringly spoken of by their older
stage companions.
SOME STUNXIXG GIRLS.
There, too, were the eighty stunning
girls who make up the famous Weber
and Fields chorus. Chappiedom may
be interested in the announcement
that a larger or prettier corps of
young women never came into the
West. Every one of them is fair to
look upon, and not one of them — oh,
rarity of rarities in the matter of cho
rus women — looks to be more than
20 when off the stage. When they
arrived in San Francisco last evening
they had just completed a five days'
train ride, yet they appeared as fresh
and chipper as if they had been spe
cially made up from the front row of
a "show piece."
Stage Manager Ben Teal was of the
party, and so was Music Director
Francis, with about a score of his in
strumentalists.
Did they have a pleasant trip?
Could such a crowd have any other
kind of a trip?
When the train was boarded by a
Call representative at Sacramento he
found the principal members of the
company in their own special car. Some
of them were indulging in the delights
and sorrows of a card game — "twenty
one" it was — while others perused the
San Francisco morning papers, which
had just arrived. Miss Russell was
hastily scribbling something on a tele
graph blank, while the colored porter
waited to carry it to the operator.
"What's your favorite?" asked Mr.
Ross, eagerly.
"Faulconbridge," replied the best-pre
served woman on earth, "and I'm put
ting fifty on him. He's a pick-up at the
odds."
It was the Burns handicap. Miss
Russell's "tlD" was followed by some
of the others, and the colored servitor
was kept busy trotting between the
car and the telegraph office until the
train resumed its journey. .
"I love horse-racing," said Miss Rus
sell to The Call, "but I don't gamble
much on it — Just enough to keep my
interest from flagging, you know."
THE RUSSELL GAIT.
"That's the Russell gait," said Mr.
Kelly, pointing through the car win
dow at a "crowd of chorus girls who
were briskly Walking up and down the
platform. "Miss Russell, you know,"
he explained, "is a great walker, and
every time the train has stopped for
more than a minute she has hastened
out and taken a constitutional canter.
When the girls began to get stiffened
by inaction they followed her example,
and now they all have the habit."
"And it's doing them lots of good,"
paid Miss Russell, "and it would do you
and Mr. Dailey lots of good if you
would follow their example."
"Mr. Dailey and I," retorted Mr. Kelly,
GRAPE-NUTS.
WETili POSTED.
A California Doctor With Forty Years'
Experience.
"In my forty years' experience as a
teacher and practitioner along hygienic
lines," says a Los Angeles physician, "I
have never found a food to compare
with Grape-Nuts for the benefit of the
general health of all classes of people.
I have recdrnmended Grape-Nuts for
a number of years to patients with the
greatest success, and every year's ex-
perience makes me more enthusiastic
regarding its use.
"I make it a rule to always recom-
mend Grape-Nuts and Postum Food
r Cpffee in place of coffee when giving
jny patients instructions as to diet, for
I know both Grape-Nuts and Postum
'can.be digested by any one.
"As for myself, when engaged in
much mental work my diet twice a
day consists of Grape-Nuts and rich
cream. I ljnd It just the thing to build
up gray matter and keep the brain in
good working order.
"In addition to its wonderful effects
as a brain and nerve food Grape-Nuts
always \ keeps the digestive organs in
perfect, healthy tone. I carry it with
me when I travel, otherwise I am al-
most certain to have trouble with my
stomach.'.' Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
•Strong indorsements like the above
from physicians all over the 'country
have stamped Grape-Nuts the most
scientific food in the world.
There's a reason.
Lot/k in each package for the famous
little book, "The Road to-Wellville."
"scorn your suggestion. Our good looks
cannot be impaired by Inertia."
Mr. Dailey smiled gratefully at Mr.
Kelly, and Miss Russell stared coldly at
both of them.
"Oh, we've had a picnic of a time,"
said, Mr. Dailey in response to the ste
reotyped query. "So that story of the
girls and their colored maids has got
out here ahead of is, has it? But have
you heard the sequel? No? Well, that's
the best part of it."
"When the girls appeared at the New
York depot with colored maids you said
they reminded you of the Sunday news
papers, because they had colored sup
plements," said the interviewer.
"That's right, and the big joke is that
the supplements were not maids at all,
but mothers."
"Mothers?"
"Yes, mammas. You see, the girls
could not bring along their mothers at
the company's expense, but under their
contract each of them was entitled to
have one maid. So what did the cun
ning things do but black up their mam
mas, introduce them as their maids and
get them aboard. Five of them did that,
and the following. morning there was
not a colored lady aboard the train, but
five white-faced matrons were among
the passengers. They are still with us.
We have a mothers' congress in the
next car."
ROSS FINDS THE EGG.
"Nice trip?" said Mr. Ross. "You've
said it. From the hour we left New
York until the present minute dullness
has not visited }is. Some of the girls
tried to be homesick, but we wouldn't
let them."
"How did you prevent it?"
"Oh, in various ways," chipped in
Mrs. Boss. "We had theatrical enter
tainments and dances— "
"Dances?"
"Yes; I must tell you about that.
One morning we decided to give a
show, so we posted a copy of this bill
in each car," and the lady presented
the following written "display." a la
poster:
"Car 4 Opera-house. To-day, 4
p. m. Special matinee. Home talent.
Admission free. Carter de Haven,
Lynn sisters and others. Don't forget
time and place. Car 4 Opera-house.
To-day, 4 p. m."
"At the appointed time' the place
was full — you never saw such a pack
ed house," said Mr. Dailey. "And I
might add that the enthusiasm was
terrific. Great bill, you know. Car
ter de Haven opened it by doing an
egg-disappearing trick. The egg dis
appeared after the conjurer had hand
ed it to Louis Mann and nobody could
find it until I sat down. Then every
body immediately knew that it had
been found. No, this is another coat.
Then the Lynn sisters sang coon bal
lads. After the applause had subsided
we had a neat thing from Weber and
Fields. They sang 'Here We Are,
Two Irish Ladg.' More hpplause, and
then Miss Lillian Russell sang the
lullaby .from 'Erminie,' and .we had
more applause. It was a great- show."
"But the other principals^ — what did
you do?"
"I tried to dodge that, but I'm a
sport when cornered. Well, I was one
of the Tremendous Trio — Kelly, Ross
and Dailey. It was a minstrel first
part act, and Mr. Ross was the con
versationalist in the center, while Mr.
Kelly battered the tatnbo and I wield
ed the bones. When we concluded
singing, .'Leaf by Leaf the Roses Fall,'
all the ladles wept and the gentlemen
looked as if the trip was beginning
to wear on their nerves. That finished
the show."
"After which," Mrs. Ross resumed,
"we cleared the dining car for danc
ing, tripped it merrily "
"Staggered it, you mean?" put in
Mr. Ross.
"You may have staggered after
ward," replied the lady, "but we
women did not."
GAY TIME AT TERRACE.
"Some truth in that, too," said Mr.
Dailey. "Owing to want of space we
had only three pieces in the orchestra,
and when they played 'Home, Swefct
Home,' the ladies sought refuge in
tears and the gentlemen "
"Drowned their sorrow Jn beers — I
told you so," was the lady's triumph
ant shout.
"Well." said Mr. Dailey, reflectively,
"we left no calls for next morning."
Then ,they told of their time at
Terrace, which is a hamlet In Utah.
Their train was delayed at Terrace
pending the settlement of a dispute
between Messrs. Weber and Fields
and the station agent as to whether
that official had the right to tack twp
or three cars to the tailend of the spe
cial. While the wires were working —
and it may not tie amiss to state here
that the station agent lost the argu
ment — the members of the company
inspected Terrace. One of the girls
had a kodak and when she set it down
upon the depot platform while she
fastened her hood more securely, a
tall and ungainly native placed a
cowhide boot upon the box and said
"Shine this one first, sis." Then an
other resident guaranteed Mr. Weber
a $40 audience if he jvould allow his
company to give a show at the "op'ry
house," and Mr. Weber had not fully
digested the proposal when the train
bell summoned all aboard. It was at
Terrace that Miss Russell won the
everlasting esteem of a seller of gen
eral merchandise by allowing him to
present her with a box of chocolate
creams, and it was another merchant
of Terrace who produced a bucketful
of nickels in order to allow the actor,
folk to play his slot machine — and
lose their money. Every member of
the company had something funny to
tell about Terrace.
Mr. Weber and Mr. Fields were
hearty contributors to all the laughs
that rang through the car, and it was
with some difficulty that either of the
young men r could be induced to. speak
seriously of their mutual enterprise.
"We came out here," Mr. 1 Weber
said, "simply because we wanted to
get away from the bear-bating that
New York theater managers have
been subjected to ever since the Chi
cago holocaust. We could have re
mained in our own house, which is
entirely safe, and played to its- ca
pacity, but we, thought; it wisest to let
it stay." dark until the city. authorities
have decided what they, want the the-
TBAGERS | PRAGERS, | PRAGER3
Great? Bargains Continue.
Annual After-Inventory Clearance Sale.
Some Unusual Values in Sale of New Wash Goods
Silks and Dress Goods. and Domestics.
WE have received a small advance line T^ 7E have included in these specials some
of new spring goods, showing all \\f ne new wasn goods for light waists
the newest textures and weaves that and dresses. They wexe sent to us by
have developed during tRe last year. They are our buyer, who is now in New York, as a sam-
so sensible and pretty that they will be im- pie of the stock he is purchasing. Besides the
mensely popular even before the season begins, wash goods we have anticipated the require-
SILKS. merits- of the cold weather and have added a
■?l.O0 a yard— Many new patterns and colors for line of blankets that will be most welcome.
will be shown tor the first time. JOC a yard quaIIty . Special for this week.
it/» . ™ DK - e^ :> V- u e 1- • t PERSIAN LAWN— 17c a yard— Persian lawn in
50c and COc a yard— 38-inch Scotch mixtures Jn fine shcer qua n ty , suitabfe for waists and dresses,
pleasing combinations. We snow many late arrivals Regular 25c quality.
m this popular material. The values are excellent. BLANKETS — 94.05 a pair— White blankets for
R.emnantS Ol\e-XKird Off. double bed; a fine £rade of California wool. Regular
■ ■■ $6.00 value. Special.
The lengths that remain from our phenomenal sale BED SPREADS — ?1.5O — Extra large size; Mar-
last week will be closed out at the tempting prices of seilles patterns. Worth $2.00. Special for this week,
one-third less than regular prices. Silks, black and BED SHEETS — 64c each — Extra large, heavy,
colored dress goods are to be found in the collection of double bed sheets; linen finish; size 81 by 90 inches.
short lengths. fl A 75c value.
Rare Specials in Advance Spring Styles of Women's Suits and Coats.
!NCLUDED in this magnificent stock of women's new spring garments are some of the very
best values that remain from the clearance sale in this department. They are not out of date
styles by any means, but will be worn for some time. The receipt of newer goods, however,
necessitates their entire riddance to give more space.
SUITS — $14.i>5 — A d v a n ce WAISTS — «9c_i 5 o women's RAINPROOF TRAVELING
spring styles; Eton and English fine lawn waists; fancy stripe and COATS— $5.45 to $14.95 — Ab-
walking jacket effects; train plain white;-, embroidered and solutely rainproof traveling coats;
and walking length 'seven gore tucked; sizes 32, 34, 36. 38 and 42. very stylish garments in a fine as-
skirts. They come in light pearl Worth $1.25 to $1:50. Special for sortment of colors, green, Oxford
gray, new tan with check effect and Monday only. mixtures, tan. brown and invisible
also black; ornamented with large $1.23 — This lot consists of fine plaids; with or without military
and small brass buttons and pret- . sheer lawn, tailored styles, linen capes; ornamented with large gun-
tily trimmed with fancy braids. effects, prettily worked, and others metal or steel buttons and piped
giving the suit a stylish military ap- of lawn and beautiful cheviots with with fancy material to match; with
pearance. All are nicely tailored dainty polka dots in a variety ot or without belts. Valued at from
and worth $20.00. ' , styles. $0.50 to $20.00.
Boys' New Spring Suits. ~~ Shoes. j I |y e w Neck Ruffs. "~
We are making a. great s P e- Men, Women, Children.
cial of new spring suits, and = : — l \ X / E B 1VC a ver y w » de choice
for this week have arranged HP HE new lines of shoes that yy of excellent bargains in
several lines, including a wash suit we have bought have proven women's fancy wear fdr
that will be extremely desirable at very popular with all of our this week. ',
our prices. customers at our prices. a , rt e^ tr . ~ n
$y.5O_Youths f suits in. new WOMEN'S — $^.5O— A good ••«««?' a r c? a u * to
spring patterns; coat, pants and walking. boot; vici kid vamp, lace, **°** IO --A new line of chiffon and
vest are cut in the very latest fash- dull kid tops, extension soles, mil- "^erty silk neck ruffs in black,
ion; broad shoulder effect on coat; itary heels, patent leather tips, yel- whlt . e t nd b J ack an ? w! V t /- These
ages 12 to 19 years; goods are low stitched. One of our most ppds have been reduced from one-
strictly all pure wool. popular sellers. lialf the prices.
Valentii\8s. Mi J te p° lic y of
ment at Lowest* vji, The usual court-
Prices. J^ always RELIABLE esieswfll continue
J^ 1238-1250 MARKET ST.jS5»
aters to do. Besides, we wanted to
see California."* •
"It is not your first trip to the
coast?"
"No," Mr. Fields replied, "we were
here about fifteen years ago and play
ed at the Vienna Garden.'.*
"Better wait till you see the show,"
was the answer invariably given when
any member of the party was asked
about the coming engagement here.
Stage Manager Teal, however, did go
bo far as to express satisfaction with
the dimensions of the Grand Operar
house stage and to give assurance that
he will have "the goods to fill it."
"There is just this about our girls,"
said Mr. Teal. "We do not take nov
ices into the Weber &. Fields organiza
tion. T-he chorus, like the principals,
must have had experience and made
good before they can receive a hear
ing from us. Any girl who can dance
and sing and has youth and good
looks can get a permanent position
at good wages with us, but no ama
teurs need apply. It's by sticking to
that rule that we have the finest lot
of girls in the world.".
Mr. Weber, Mr. Fields and Stage
Manager Teal occupied a box" last
evening at Fischer's Theater and all of
them seemed to enjoy the ludicrous
happenings in "The Beauty Shop."
- ADVERTISEMENTS. .
make your hair grow thicker, longer
JSfeSfcStty and morc beautiful than lt cver
§mfnever iiT| was jn your life.
UWv THE HIST0RY sanaac-ira
JP haSha 5 BiOME CAW BE BETTER.
'WiM HIQH 5TATE 0P gBARIDERlftE is prepared by one of the best chemists in
■ Jiwf i PE BEEN ION thc WOrId » a man Wh ° h^ had S ° mC 4 ° yeaFS CX P € " enCe imd b
wmf} ll> ATTAl NED perfectly familiar with thc medicinal properties of every deflg Known
jMWr |ft^ JL to medical science, and he says that it is absolutely impossible
" '&mv^^BS^^Sw fo r any° ne to produce a better or morc efficacious hair tonic.
use makes thc siaIp healthy> thc hair stron5 and fu!1 of life * and
M\ W^mmw^ thcrc scci ™ to be no limit to thc Srowth u wil1 produce *
Most Remarkable Results ObxaAied in a Short Time. Says a Well-Known »Jj| o J^f5 01#
Knowlton Danderincl Co., Chicago, HI. . V.p: , 4V _« T v-t that for falliBR-oirt
Dear Sirs : I deem it my duty to let yon know after having tried nearly all tho hair preparation! on tna mais^ k «» o
\air and for making hair grow your Danderlne is absolutely «accosifal and tho most agroeabloand thorongwy rcuae«
Mvigofating tonic that anyone could me. 1Mb doing my hair so.much good that I am jy A A /?,.,*,«
delighted with it. No more need be said ; your remedy is a blessing everybody should ></VX4^L CDVj (/•* jtV******—**
recognize. With best wishes for your success, believe me f Gratefully yours, *—^ fl
f .. 84 Westminister St., Boston, Mass.
No Other Remedy Ever Discovered Will Glv« Such Brilliancy and individuality to the Hair, /&& TTMxpaetad sem TK>ypqw*./\
. ; Danderlnc Alone Produces that D«!nty Softncu and Lnstre So Mach Admired. &\£££tSa^t5?«£7%Z*i!£
• Just a Few Applications of It Will Make tho Hair Fairly Sparkle with New Life asd Vigor. JT»£ t *^7S£^ l £ffij£u?«U! l 55
■"BSE? 8 !? 1 DANDERIHE U absorbed most eagerly by tb« scalp, and Jts proportie« are so la. «?2,i»£ 1 Fi £S'Sf < .^k.5L£SbM3?
felSttsSa vicoratinlfanc! strengthening that Jt makes ihe hair crow unusually thick and lone. 2S"2SJ?^Vrtt u"ViS ASFSZSl,.
Js HflifeLKn "When applied to tho sculp His just as sure to produce an nbnndanco of Ions?, g\o*«7 w»ici» ta.r «« '•,""•? Dud^n. u
■ ■■ ™ TV hair as a fertile soil Is to produce vegetation when the se«»ds are sown. It 1» work- Jl-fto iS^nfo^TkS^^S.
Injr wonder* everywhere. . We guarantee that one twenty-five-cent bcttlo oflt will do the hair more It u *rw mv raM to «»!^d «• ••
. cood than a callon of any othor hair tonic over made. Be sure you get the cnulne, made only by '™r*\*Z°* a TM^h!S«»!oJi ni <&i.»i£^5'
the Knowlton Danderlne Co., Chlongn, 111., J>5o., 5Co. and '$1.00 Per bottle. All druezlsts «i»fS!rS» «S. VSSZm .Si'SSj:
keep Danderiae or will order It for you If yon ask them. To show how quickly It acts In all cases of £££t& «nt o* a* una*. \Z
staenated (trowth, hair falllne, etc.. wo will send a lanre sample free by return mall to anyone who cunttna from JT«» Tor* w"or*k
sends this advertisement to The Knowlton ©andorin* Co, Chicago, with their nam» and address a **» 9 i^Ztin A IWt
VM\ 10 cents in silver or stamps to pay postase. .«#■>»»»» *,*••..
SABBATH DAY SERMONS
AT VARIOUS CHURCHES
Mission for Catholics and Non-Catho
lics Will Be Given at the Paul
ist Church on February !•*•
The following services will be held
in the churches to-day:
Rev. Father Sardl will occupy th« pulpit
at the 10:30 o'clock eervlee this morning in
St. lenatlua Church.- The discourse in the
evening will be preached by Rev. Father
Mahoney. -
The Lenten course 'of sermons at the 11
o'clock mass In St. Mary'» (Paulist) Church
will be preached by Rev. Clarence Woodman,
a PaullM from New York. Rev. Father Wood
man visited California many years ago and. Is
well known as an able preacher.
Second • Unitarian — Morning. "Waa Shake
speare Without Religion?"; evening, preach
ing on popular themes. Pastor, Rev. Jay Wil
liam Hudson.
First English Lutheran — Morning 1 , "Let not
the eun go down upon your wrath"; evening,
service under the aupplces of the Endeavor
Society. Pastor, Rev. E. »lander.
The following: is the. order of service
at St. Stephen's Church to-dayt"'. 7
Processional hymn No, 73; "Gloria Patrl":
rantate domino tn C (Danks)hm hm hm hmm
"Cantate Domino," In C (Danks);- "Benedlc
Anlma Mea," in D ( Danks); after thlrA col
lect, "Angels of Jesus" (Dykes); hymn No.
3£8.
Part II of Sir Michael Costa' s oratorio, "Xaa
raan": N'aaman returns home from war, vic
torious, but a leper, and Is comforted by
Tlmna, his wife. While his people cry In vain
to Rlmmon. their god. for help. Adah, a cap
tlve Jewish maid, proclaims th* God of Israel,
the only true God. and persuades N'aaman to
apply to the Prophet Ellsha for aid. Tlmna.
Mrs. P.. I*. Partinrtnri: Adah. Miss M. E. Hu*.
sey: Xiianun, Alfred Wtlkle. Processional
hymn No. 403. .Martin Scbultz. organist and
choirmaster.
Sunday, February ,14, a mission to
Catholics and non-Catholics will be
given in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church.
The Rev. Thomas J. Cullen, a Paulist
from New York City, will conduct the
mission. Rev. Father Cullen will bo
engaged in missionary work on tnij
coast until after Easter.
Frank S. Ford will be the speaker at
the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion auditorium, Mason and ElHs
streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Mr. Ford's subject will be "A Remedy
for the World's Unrest." The Robson
orchestra will 'furnish music.
Concert This Afternoon.
The first Sunday novelty matinee by
the Kopta Quartet and Mrs.MMans
feldt will be given at 3 o'clock thi3
afternoon in Lyric Hall. The pro
gramme # includes two waltzes for
strings by Dvorak, *a Cherubini
scherzo, Haydn's "Lark Quartet."
Sinding*3 new piano quintet and a
group soil by Kopta. Admission is 50
cents and Jl and tickets can only l>a
obtained at the hall. :-.. •
Love needs no lexicon.
2930
ADVZBTISElIEirTS.
|b. katschinski \
& Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO |
r Adicinini Call Bnlldlnr. 8
!] CO YOU WANT A BAR2AIH? I
J WE HAVE REDUCED STOCK! |
I IT'S UP TO YOU! I
II well, if* up to you in every H
\\ way. We have taken stock and E
1 1 have reduced prices, and now It s EJ
\\ your say. Do you want Shoes Kg
[I that will fit well, wear well, and m
I vet sold at a price that will put w
II money In your pocket? Here we I:
R are with some narrow widths, ra
M .Shoes worth $3.00. $4.00 and J5.00. H
II "but we must clear them out and I
D prove our values. We will offer I
H THEM AT S7»C A FAIR. Ladies' 1
£ Hho^s. up-to-date toes and tips, ff
[1 tirpt-class in every way: turns. 3
H welts and McKay. ALL AT THE g
j FA7*T PRICE, 85C. K
!| AAA width. 4 to 5. I A xridth, 3 to 5. I ,
I A A width. 2 to 8. • B vritth. 2V» to 5. |
I TO BE WELL DRESSED 1
B Ladles' Patent Leather One- N
IJ Strap Sandals, plain coin toes. H
M turned eoles and French heels, y
ii OUR FRICE REDUCED TO F
n S1.1.*>. Slzej 2"^ to 8; widths A fk
EXTRA FINE FOR DRESS I
'] Here Is a bargain In Dress H
j Shoes. Ladies' Patent Leather E
1 Lace Shops and Vici Kid Lace H
I Shoes, with patent leather tips H
I and French heels. REDUCED H
I JUST FOR THIS WEEK TO M
I S1.S5 Sizes 3 to 7^i; widths M
9 AA to C K
INFANTS AND CHILDREN 1
I The greatest bargain yet for B
I rhildren. Shoes made by Williams Q
J & Hcyt sacrificed at a small price. P»
3 Infants' and Children's Cloth Top E
a Laoe and Button Shoes sold re- Eg
j pardless of cost. Infants' sizes. H
!'j to 5U. OSI.Y 4()c Child's H
3 spring h^els. sizes 5 to 8, RE- a
I DUCED TO 50c- U
1 B. KATSGHINSKI |
|. Philadelphia Shoe Co* f
II 10 THIRD ST. San Francisco. |
5ffK3\A/E/\I<: 7VVEIN
iiM*yg "->!'- HALLS REIN'VIGORATOK
flSi BbJ ttoj* all lottc* and unnatural dis-
h rhargts In hours. You feel an
gn IS iniprovexaent from the first dos».
Vif' w r h*ve bo much confidence In our
*>*> fts tr»-atn:cnt that we offer Five Hun-
*^i* 5^i dred reward for any ciFe we can-
••Tn(i<r"*i/.'nl nor cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicoctle, gleet, «trlciures. kidneys, failing
mt-mor>'. drains In the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
• .•.*■• of the pruetnte glands and all other f-rrl-
Me effects of celf-abuse or ezceeses. which lead
on to co&sumptlou and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In old or young of that morti-
fying condition. <juickaesB of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. $2
I*r bottle, three bottles. f5. Guaranteed to
cure any caee.
Oil or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. KM Broadway. Oakland. Cal
Also for eale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. Bend
for free book.
g#fi^ Every Woman
«V\'^ v .V 5 A k \ U Interested uidehoold know
•■' 'i*^i\ x about the wonderfal
V fc" y ,t!j MAR>TL Whirling Spray
Vv\ V^ ' Afw.,1 TBetsewT, r taUByTta r u /««.
V »Jg<ACL^v lion and Surtion. Bert— SU-
\T^V v <Ji'V*??r?<^S^ est— Mott ConrenlenU
v -\*^?^^Q |IJ v^i-;^^k U Ucum* luuaU j.
»rt re" frnrr" *'•■«• \ f£>m ' m hL&L^"* "~
FnVrannotsaniiythe \yW :: if«\
!HAIl»'B;i>.»c(Tj.tno \^
ctl**.butfcend«tajnpfOTll- #^%0£&>
lustna«dbook-«*l«4.UglTe« m/ 'V/M
f!illpart»^ular»amlrtlr*rtionstn. '•K''/, /M
T^'.!:ai.;pto ;:i'i:ei. MAr.vi:i,<:o.,
Tltses Building, New Torlc wsiii^o^
DDTTOUCC r 011 bakbers. ba-
IJ.nUl3nil.iJ kcrf: - Ijooiblacks. bath-
*-'** w *•' ***-"*" bovte%t billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers. ' canners.
dyrrs. nour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers. • printers. painters. «ho« factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
\ BPCHAPAP BROS,
Brush aXanirf actarera. 609 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
iff*']' on Application. .''■■ ,•/:'
7SESE ASS SALT MEATS.
I1C Pf I VCC fr C(\ Shipping Butchers, 101
JA3. bUlta tt tU. Clay. Tel. Main 12S4.
LUmiCATIXG OILS : LEONARD & ELLIS. 1
<18 Front 8L, B. F. Phone Main 171'J.
FSLBT1OQ.
w c nrnwee printer.
MINT RECEIVES
ORDER TO RUSH
Government Demands Produc
tion of Twenty Dollar Pieces
Amounting to $40,000,000
WORKING NIGHT AND DAY
No Explanation Is Offered, but
All Other Work Is Sus
pended for the Present
There is much doing at the United
States Mint in this city. ' Orders have
been received from Washington by the
superintendent of the Mint to suspend
all work of the routine sort, in fa'ct all
the work upon which he has been en
gaged recently and to turn out as many
twenty-dollar gold pieces in the next
two months as possible. Before a final
order was issued to proceed exclusively
with the minting of twenty-dollar gold
pieces a Query waa sent out as to what
could be done.
Superintendent Leach answered that
it would be possible to coin $80,000,000
in the designated gold golns in two
months. The Government did not seem
to be satisfied with this large output
and desired that the total should be
increased by at least $10,000,000. mak
ing the total gold coin production from
$40,000,000 to $45,000,000. The people at
the Mint will now try to make the rec
ord of $40,000,000 at least in the suc
ceeding two months and the machinery
and skilled men will be kept steadily
at work day and night for the period
mentioned.
WHY IT IS WAJfTED.
The orders from Washington did
not specify for what purpose the
money Is to be used, but as the mints
of the country have been working
upon the new Philippine coinage,
which Is all silver, and as the amount
ordered from the San Francisco Mint
tallies with the amount that is to be
paid to Panama and the French stock
holders of the old Panama Canal Com
pany Mr. Leach believes that a San
Francisco coinage is to be used for
this purpose. "Work upon this hurry
up order Is already under way and the
Mint is full of activity. Mr. Leach
6aid last night:
"I received an order about the 1st
of February from Washington to coin
all the cold possible within the next
sixty days, the Intention being to turn
out at least $45,000,000 in that time,
which will be the largest coinage ever
accomplished by the United States
Government in the same period of
time. We shall turn out, I think,
about $1,000,000 a day, which means
about two tons of bullion.
"The reason for this heavy coinage
of gold is that for the past year and a
half we have been working upon sil
ver and only coined sold at times
when the silver ran short. During
the last calendar year the coinage has
been nearly all silver, allowing the
gold to accumulate until at the pres
ent time we have nearly one hundred
million dollars worth of gold bullion
stored in the vaults of the San Fran
cisco Mint. This gold has been com
ing in since 1897, and In the last two
months we have received almost nine
million dollars in gold from Japan,
and this must also be coined as soon
as possible. Another reason for the
neglect in the coinage of gold has been
the necessity of turning out a large
amount of Philippine silver.
"I believe, however, that there are
other reasons for this order for a heavy
coinage of gold. According to the dally
papers, the Government is being
brought face to face with several large
payments, aggregating in the neigh
borhood of $80,000,000. and I believe that
it is to obviate the necessity of calling
In the deposits in the national banks
that this order has been issued. A no
tice was served upon these banks about
the same time that the order was re
ceived by the San Francisco Mint to
prepare to meet a demand for twenty
per cent of these deposits and I think
that the Treasury Department has de
cided to coin the bullion now on hand
rather than call in the deposits, or any
part of them, In the national banks.
NOTHING UNUSUAL.
"There is nothing unusual In the or
der excepting the short time given for
the coinage of $45,000,000 in gold, which,
as I have said, is the largest amount
ever coined in this, or, I believe, in any
country In the same period of time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"A Corner in Labor "
Ray Stasmard Baker's
Latest Labor Article
is in the February number of McClure's Mag-
azine. It reveals the immensely interesting
and significant condition of the wage-earners of
S a n|F r a n c i s c ©
Something entirely new in the labor world.' Side-lights on Mayor Schmitz^] ■■
Some striking features of the labor situation on the Pacific Coast.
for February contains three other great articles, 1
seven good short stories and beautiful pictures
l v .yio ...-..■■ \^ . . .":'..■ ' ■"" :;■'■'/■ -."-;..- . . ■■ ■:'.:, "■■ .-■■ \
GET FROM v ANY NEWSDEALER.^ MCCLURE AGENT OR FROM THE- PUBLISHERS— 10C. A SlNQLE
COPY; SI FORA YEAR'S: SUBSCRTPT1ON. S. S. MCCLURE CO, 147'E.25TH STREET.^ NEW ; YORK. N. Y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
ELECTRIC CARS
ON NEW ROUTES
United Railroads Is Making
Changes Preparatory to Im
proving: the Local Service
BIG MOTORS ARRIVING
Traveling Public Will Be Af
forded More Conveniences on
Their Trips Around the City
The announcement was made yes
terday by Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads that beginning to
morrow a number of changes will be
made in the present routes of electric
; car lines. On the park and ocean
line inbound cars, by way of H
street, which now run along Frederick,
Stanyan, Page, Devlsadero and Ellis
streets, will after Monday be operated
along Fillmore street, instead of De
vlsadero, and the outbound cars will
be operated by way of Ellis, Hyde,
O'Farrell. Fillmore, Oak, Stanyan.
Frederick and H streets, the change In
the routing being the substitution ot
Fillmore street for Devisadero, as In
the case of the inbound cars.
Another change will be on the Ma
sonic-avenue line. The present route
of the Inbound cars is by way of
Parnassus avenue, Stanyan, Carl, Clay
ton and Frederick streets. Masonic
avenue and Page street, thence to Fill
more and Oak streets. Outbound cars
travel via "Oak street, Masonic avenue,
Frederick. Clayton. Carl and Stanyan
streets and Parnassus avenue. .Under
the proposed change the cars will -not
run by way of Oak and Page streets,
and the terminal of the Inbound cars
will be at Oak street and Masonic ave
nue, instead of Oak and Fillmore
streets.
The changes aro made preliminary
to the introduction of the new and
larger cars on the main lines of the
electric service. The majority of these
cars have already arrived from the
East and are now being put together
in the shops of the company. The
cars are of the most modern com
bination type, 89% feet long, and
weigh 33,500 pounds.
They differ materially from the
combination car now in use. The lat
ter have longitudinal seats on the
dummy sections, while the seats on the
new cars face to the front and are
divided by an aisle, an arrangement
made feasible by the law requiring the
adoption of air brakes on all double
truck cars. Iron railings extend along
the dummy sections, thus preventing
persons from alighting while the cars
are in motion.
Another feature of the new cars is
that they have only one exit on each
side, which regulates the getting on
and off of the cars on the right-hand
side, or side farthest from the rails of
the car running in the opposite direc
tion. An innovation will be an elec
tric button, by which means passen
gers that wish to alight will be re
lieved of the annoyance of having to
rise and signal the conductor when
cars are crowded or the conductor's
attention is being diverted. These
buttons connect with an electric bell,
the ringing of which will advise the
conductor of the desire of the passen
ger to alight.
Jury FaUs to Indict Boxers.
BOSTON, Feb. 6.— The Grand Jury
to-day failed to Indict Joe Choynskl
and "Kid" Carter, arrested charged
with having engaged In a prizefight,
and the boxers were discharged, with
eight other men held on the charge of
aiding and abetting the fight.
During the last seven years we have
per year."
averaged from $40,000,000 to $80,000,000
Coiner Dan T. Cole Bald last even
ing that it was true that the local
United States Mint was to be worked
to the limit of its capacity in making
the double eagles. H e did not know
what was signified. It was probable,
he thought, that the other mints of the
United States may be pressed to turn
out coinage. In the past few months
the local Mint and also the Mint at
Philadelphia have been turning out
millions of dollars' worth of pesos for
use in the Philippine Islands, Con
gress having provided for the estab
lishment of a uniform currency for the
islands.
' ; ' ADVEBTISTnVTETrra. _.
% ikS a iwJ-rHil jJi Wffl Three-piece Parlor Bnlt — Colonial design, mahogranr finish, uphol- KS^^SSS^^^^^^rgl f)\
M W S'tMW'n' Wto WfflS^MffiU etered in figured damask. be»t iteel springs, graceful in §97 65 RX***mv*^^''^^El£Fl \\
• i v ti }'■"■' eW 'Ijlj^' ■ m *j VI iL# *-«r L/1^ 1 iviDU 1 Ettv*j vr r VCTV* m f i
I M* X WL 1 ■■ r"< hf r<( I A I V *£ Dreawr — Golden finish. 1
a u M Hal1 Back — Solid ill ■ -4 Ml\ " -4 VjBl A. JL ft. M Ol lllC bevel plate mirror, support- I j
B W Jak, golden finish, ■ D*»^4- »a »»v «-a-n.n neck suDDort. 19
9 Mnslo Cabinet— *evel plate mirror. » n«nm wuvah* . i>.». • Vrr.i^r P»^4 Gn*T*nti>mi> DCSt— *" "' ' , ~Z * I i
1 Mahogany finish, am- cast brass hooks. A Range Wltiont a Peer, fcverj Tart UuarsntflOd. D , . . paneled sides, roomy and IJ
S pie room for the av- cupboard seat. An — . rrtf^mm_ ..&. ***• tvlgllfc convenient, highly polished. ¥1
2 erage library. High- artistic deslpn. $8s**59flC«SflKl p P ! r p C Frice .... CQ OK El
:? iy polished. §5 25 e — $9 75 <C1 f\f\ C1 fifi rrices. f... !..*."."........ s>o.^t> ii
jig ROYAL WILTONS M jJ'^*^™^P^!'TT^^'5 J^^a»ri-i A vast assortEaent at P rices that cannot fall W
i AXMINBTEB CABPET3. *^^?^^^jS!Su^iJji. jSq^ 3^ Deatelle Arabian lace Cnrtalns— 3^ yards M
M -yyiLTOTT VELVETS. teg^^Z^aQg^g^^^a^ l°nf- 'ull widths. Some remarkably beautiful I- I
Id BODY BRT7S3EIi3, Wi$& designs. Special this week. SU.75 per pair. r |
W TAPESTBT BRUSSELS. ■^&Pf¥r5iix2rT$$^*ffi%ffi\^irW BnffleS Swlaa Curtaias^ — 3 yards lope; «-
1 y^T^A super TnORAIW «nM^^«S5l51MK < iBHBSKBIi ceptionally fine quality; well made. Per pair.
M HALF-WOQL syPER I1TOBAIIT, XyS^g^^^^^g^W s'nowflake an! Striped Curtains— S yards Bf
g HEAVY COTTON INGRAIN. long; the newest thing in the market. Very figl
9 LINEN WARP MATTINQ. j^^^^^^SJS^^^^T^^'fXijk. choice designs. f)."»e per pair. i:j
S^J FIBER CARPET. wwSa'aii^'iiSMBBWBSS^^^^^BM Portieres — Bagdad strips, frinred top and tc|
TTwnrniM . WT > nrT r»T n«nr M^SAMSSiP&^^Skf^^^^S^ bottom; a variety of designs to choose from; Eft
|i LINOLEUM, AND OILCLOTH. M*F&j£S&2&** 1 *' W exceptionally high grade of goods. Special, f j
|l A vast assortment of the latest designs from * 6^" f)^^ m, _ S4.7."J per pair I |
ii tho leading mills of tho world. We can pleasa Kj&f Tapestry Portieres — Plain or bordered Rep KS
?x the most fastidlouB. We cater to every taste. *S7 °r figured Arraure; fringed and plain. Special f j
A CoUyer-Beecher Story-
"Pew sleepers are one of the bug
bears of preachers," said the Rev.
Robert Collyer, the veteran New York
minister. "I can speak feelingly from
experience. On one occasion when
Henry Ward Beecher asked me to go
to Plymouth Church to talk to his peo
ple, he remarked — jokingly, let us
hope — that most of them were hard
work folk who needed plenty of rest
on Sunday, and he felt that a sermon
from me might be gratefully received.
"In the course of my talk I men
tioned this and said it was, however,
a matter upon which my feelings could
not be hurt, and that I owed this im
perviousness to Mr. Beecher himself.
I told them that, one Sunday, years
before, when I was attending a ser
vice at old Plymouth and Mr. Beecher
was thundering forth, I saw one of his
deacons asleep In a front pew.
"I went on to say that always after
this, whenever I saw a man slumber
ing peacefully through my most stir
ring efforts in the pulpit, I would say
to myself: ;Well, let him sleep; even
the great Beecher can't keep 'em all
awake.' "
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Mrs. Ilelen Tcnnent Mallett Dead.
Mrs. Helen Tennent Mallett died
yesterday at her home at 2416 Clay
street. She was the wife of Captain
J. H. Mallett, a pioneer who came to
this State forty years ago and located
in Napa. The dead woman leaves two
sons, J. H. Mallett Jr. of the Renters'
Loan and Trust Company of this city
and Charles F. Mallett. Mrs. Mallett
was 70 years old and one of the pio
neer women of the State. - She was a
native of London. England.
Death of Mrs. C. C. Hollo.
Mrs. C. C. Hollo, wife of the late
Professor Herman Hollo, a prominent
musician of this city in the early
'80's, died at the residence of her
brother, Joseph A. Hofmann, 1247
Bush street, early yesterday morning.
She was 77 years of ago.
Prominent Sulsun Resident Dead-
SUISUN, Feb. 6. — Frank Sllveira, a
well known and respected resident,
died last night at his home in Fairfield
at the age of 50 years. He was a na
tive of Portugal and was a leader
among his countrymen here.
Former Chief of Police Dies.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6. — Former Chief
of Police Joseph Kipley died to-day,
the result of an operation for stomach
troubles.
Baron von Horst Is Dead.
GRATZ, Austria, Feb. 6. — Baron
von Horst, former Austrian Minister of
Defense, is dead.
To Be Decided Later.
The boy, who was visiting his indul
gent aunt, had eaten heartily of the
preserves. ■ .
"Don'f you think you've had enough,
Willie ?*: she asked.
"Don't know." he replied.
"Don't know?"
"Nope. Can't. tell yet," he said.
"But what do you think?"
"Ain't any use thinking at all. I got
to know. v Thinking don't help any if
you think wrong." /
"Well, you're the most remarkable
boy I everknew," said his aunt. "When
will you know?"
"In half an ' hour." '
"And how will you know?"
"Why, that's easy," replied the wise
bov. "If I- ain't sick In half an hour
I'll be sorry'. I "didn't, take 'more, and if
I am sick I'll be sorry I took so much.
That's . the only way. to : tell that I
know.".
His .aunt' admitted .that, it left no
room for doubt, but she to point
out that, it was rather." unsatisfactory,
to which the boy merely .replied that
he .wished there was a!better way but
he didn't know of 'J any.— Brooklyn
Eagle. ; - <* ;
Noted Pololst at Burlingame.
* Neil Haig, a noted pololstiof England,
is : at- the Burlingame Country Club. He
will be on one of the teams to-day -if
weather conditions permit of a. game. V.
Model Dog Pound In Paris.
Lovers of dogs will be happy to know
that the Paris dog pound — fourriere—
has been entirely remodeled at the ex
pense of the Society for the Protection
of Animals and the sum expended
amounts to $4000. There are now 200
kennels and that Is sufficient to allow
a separate place for each dog until he
is reclaimed or put to death. The dog
gies have electric light, which is a real
luxury in these dark days. The ken
nels are . disinfected every time ' they
have been occupied and wonderment
asks whether people who work hard
day and night to feed and keep their
families ought not to be as well treated
as dogs. — Exchange.
Realism Unrehearsed.
A mock stage tragedy at "Warsaw
recently took on a very realistic as
pect. The piece was Tschaikowsky's
"Eugenvo Onegin," in which there is
a duel in which the tenor, who on this
occasion was M. Lebedeff, is shot by
Onegin, falling dead on the boards
without a cry. In fact, on the pistols
being discharged. Lebedeff fell utter
ing loud cries of pain, and on being
carried behind the scenes it was found
that he had been shot in the eye,
which was utterly destroyed. At pres
ent nothing is known as to how a bul
let got into the pistol, but a good deal
of suspicion attaches to the case. —
London Globe.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A MILLION GOOD FELLOW3 havo |]
JgP*" learned that "a OASOARET at niffht f]
fW m &kea you feel all right— In tho morn- If
KJ v*Xtt» ins I" And they have told other g-ood a
JELul. jIV^ W follows, until tho sale of CASCAR- p
Tr*3r MSI ETS Candy Cathartic is over A MIL- 1
fcS3i&*^^»— fP?3\ UON BOXES A MONTH. Nature f\
!£t£g&£' ilraS un^ snesever y excess, and over-eat- i
IL P* Vf in «> over-drinking', under-sleeping- f ]
Vrt£&f([£S5!&&4\ J result in stomach, liver, kidney and t
wfss&BBWv/ tor bowel troubles that aro liable to bo- I
B«S^Wb W come very serious. It is very unwise ||
R|Pir' // ¥ to wait until the digestion is stop- If
TOiWgM!^ If I pod, the bowels constipated, tho U
WfflMypr / ' f tonguo coatod, the breath offensive, H
"They wB&T 0m ~~\ bjhJ. the nerves tortured with a rack- IJ
make tBss!^^ > i^fif sick headache. To prevent all f|
7ee I so /HA .^^ this ' take a OASCARET just before H
good." jM** \ going to bed. and wake up In the T-l
>^9wV» \ morning feeling flno and dandy, |j
S ready for work or play. Best M
1 S for the Bowels. All druggists, fa
j^^f:7i|r lOo, 25o, 6Oo. Never sold in bulk. The genuine f j
N§gS$f§A\Sr tablet stamped OOO. Guaranteed to cura or W
V^^ggMf your money back. Sample and booklet free. \ j
Tggy Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY. \ \
gjgjr Chicasro or New York. { j
CANDY CATHARTIC ■■iiwi Afiw^^B
ANNUAL SALE -TEN ffilLLIQH BOXES !]
Greatest In the World . eu jj
Wedding Customs of Breton.
According to an old Breton custom
all marriages of the year take place on
one day, and recently at Plougastel no
fewer than twenty- threa coupes were.
at one time, Joined in the bonds of
holy matrimony. For the last few
weeks the region has been in a won
derful state of effervescence. After
the legal wedding has been performed
the couples take their stand in a row
behind the high altar of tho church,
and behind them sit their fathers and
mothers, and so do their cousins and
their uncles and their aunts, all ar
rayed in their brightest colored rai
ment and the whitest and stiffest of
coiffes. The scene in the church la
picturesque beyond description. They
go through the ceremony In unison.
The moral support it must give to the
tiniidest bridegroom!
putting your hand In my pocket?
Thief — Excuse me, sir; I'm, so absent
minded I used to have a pair of trou
sers exactly like yours. — Womsn'3
Home Companion.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— James N. Abeel. wha.
It Is alleeed. courted Miss Eleanor Anderson*
under the name of J. Ogden Goelet and who
was brought here from Canada to atand trial
on a charge of forgery, vu released In $5000
bail to-day.
COLUMBUS. Feb. «.— Typhoid ferer is de
creasing: steadily. Th« total number of cases
reported since January 1 Is IOCS and th» total
deaths fifty-two.MURDERER
KICKS MAN
TO DEATH
Victim of an Unknown Crimi
nal Is Found Dead in a
Box Car on a Railroad
Track at Sacramento
POLICE MAKE ARREST
OF SUSPECTED PERSON
Statement Is Offered That an
Effort to Sell the Remains
Was Attempted Before the
Crime Was Discovered
SACRAMENTO. F*b. 6.— A man sup
posed to be Henry Salt was found mur
dered in a boxcar at a late hour this
afternoon. The body was Etlll warm
end bore evidence of a fearful crime,
the man having been literally kicked
to death.
Oscar Olsen is under arrest on sus
picion of being one of the murderers.
Orrln Madison, an employe of a wood
yard, identified Olsen as one cf the men
he c&w place the dying or dead man
in the boxcar. Later Ols^n approached
Madison and asked if he could direct
him to somebody who would purchase
a corpse. It is believed by the police
that the victim of the murderers died
in the boxcar.
Salt, who Is thought to be the vlc
tlsi, was an Englishman by birth, a
;j>otter by trade, and had a wife in San
Francisco, who frequently wrote to
him, pleading for his return to a re
ep^ctable life.
CLUBHOUSE BEXEFTT
WILL ATTRACT VISITORS
Elaborate Entertainment Arranged at
; VoUejo Under Patronage of Rear
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla.
VALLEJO. Feb. 6. — The benefit
for the clubhouse for
United States bluejackets and ma
.rines at Vallejo on Wednesday, Feb
ruary 10, at Farragut Theater in this
city, will be under the patronage of
Rear Admiral and Mrs. B. H. McCalla.
Nr.t Goodwin's comedy, "The Nom
inee," will be presented under the di
rection of Stewart Allen, formerly of
Nat Goodwin's company, who will
p!ay the part taken by the well known
comedian and will be assisted by
prominent Vallejo home talent.
"A Stranded Manager," a one-act
farce, will be produced under the di
rection of Gunner T. J. Shuttleworth,
U. S. X., who will appear in the cast.
The gunner was for two years on the
battleship Indiana and is now on
shore duts'.
More than 600 tickets have been
cold and a navy party of forty-five is
coming from San Francisco.
Earthquakes in Hungary.
BUDAPEST. Feb. 6. — The people of
Drazzo and Kesedi Vassarhely were
panic-stricken by earthquake shocks
this morning. Three violent shocks
•were followed by four slighter shocks,
causing the people to spring from
their beds and rush into the streets.
No serious damage was done.
Zaegener Becomes a Senator.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 6. — Privy
Councillor Zaegener has been relieved
of the portfolio of Minister of Public
Instruction at his own request, owing
to ill-health, and has been appointed
a Senator.
Steel King Seriously III
PITTSBURG. Feb. 6. — Henry W.
Oliver, the well-known iron and steel
master, is critically ill at his home In
Allegheny. He is suffering from an af
fection of the kidneys.
Genteel Eins are likely to have rough
consequences.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Frtr People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty. j
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is "the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but i
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
jou take of it the better; it is not a j
drug at ail, but simply absorbs the |
{rases and impurities always present in j
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after j
f rooking, drinking or after eating
«-nion» and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves ttoe complexion, it whitens the j
f-eth and further acts as a natural
had eminently safe cathartic. ■
It absorbs the injurious gases which i
f ollect in the stomach and bowels; It |
cislnfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges;
they are composed of the finest pow-
dered willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tusung lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey. !
The daily use of these lozenges will
*con tell in a much improved condi-
;ion of the general health, better com-
l :exion, sweeter breath and purer
i.'.ooA. and the beauty of it Is that no
t jfisible harm can result from their
- ontinued use, but, on the contrary,
t;reat benefit
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
'he benefits of charcoal says: "1 advise
■■;toart*s Absorbent Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas in stomach
.and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
;hroat; I also believe the liver is great-
!y benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but 25 cents a box at drug
tiores. and although In some sense a
latent preparation, yet I believe I get
more and better charcoal in Stuart's |
Absorbent Lozenges than in any of the J
ordinary charcoal tablets." '
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOH ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Q — : i ". — — q ; ' p — . O — O
Special No. il-b-i [ _.. . Special No. 15. .. ' B .. . fiF^fc I 1 Special No. 51. Special No. 65.
Ladies' Sacques Embroidery si £r% ffi& WHl /£& tfSk && S^ H^ /J^ fP (£§£ 1 Ladies' Vests Lad/es' Kimonas
Mafio of all-wool ripple eiderdown. For making the new corset covers §1 BH || EwSk? BE HI 11 Wk II MB K ffl 1 Mad<* of Egyptian yarn, hisch nerk Mad* of imported crrp^ <ioth. with
deep rollinp collar, overlapped seams; which are in such great demand; full M M m fhM HT%9 8 9 WHS fa M m w BoSl R □ Rnd lcm " sleeves with gussets under embroidfrr-l dots, extra, wide slaves
cuffF, collar and all around the edgo 16 inches wide, openwork patterns, but- m M I B W 86 " |3 Ea if If mea Ig « | B*™ H HJH | thr> arms; fierce lined and Jersey knit: and shirred yoke; slrevp* and down
finished with a crocheted Pdj?e in a ton-hole edged. A preat number of FjHIiBHlsl tA H M H R Hn El H SI £ I M tV^ S pants to match, ankle l?n&th and rh^ front fini^h^d with a Dresden
Fh«?ll pattern. In pink, blue, and lav- patterns to choose from. Regular 60o lu£r «»' V&» 1 H. Riff «U» B I Ww «B? B l^SSS*. § French hand; winter weight; H-ece ««.it!n band. In red. pink, bluo and
ender. Real worth. 90 cents. - quality , v- -^^^ , ™ ! * r ™ ™ ■ "■* JfTi S lined; full sizes. lavender.
Monday and Tuesday 50c Monday and Tueiday ..TardSOc ■ - - _ TLJE i w»ni#>r- #%b iT-5-rrD '*^ j, Monday and Tuesday. .A garment 27*v Monday and Tuaaday $!."."» #
Special No. 2. Special No. 16. Special No. 52. j . Special No. 66.
Ladies' Corsets '■ Ladies' Vests jo values t/nn should not fail to read h Cm A La Persephone Child's Robe
Odds and ends of the rood-selling Made of steam shrunk Imported ° "", ulu lluu lau "* c ' au The genuine French corset. The Made of extra heavy all-wool
kind. All the newest shapes, hand- wool; high neck and long sleeves: . ■ ft- r- h-* •*■•».■ i m ir^Ti i proper corset for the athletic or out- eiderdown, sailor collar, satin bound.
pored and bias cut, lace trimmed. In. merino make, which is shaped; winter H"" ft- HJ BJ fl I /» BL*' Yf door woman; boned with penuln^ fmbroidered and brnid trimmed cor-i
black. Tvhite. pink, blue and gray. weight and a health giver; in gray or ,.,.B I IfllllJHBl B . . . m whalebone; ribbon and lace beading and tassels for the waist.- perfectly
51. $1.50 and $2 kind, if we have your white. Pants to match, ankle length * * * • " »■•■*'■• W~» ■• ■ • • • • trimmed. Those who have worn them mafif. In pink, blue and red. Real
size — the make we must withhold. and French band. SSSSilSSISSSISISSISSISZSI^SSSSSSS w111 appreciate their real worth. worth $ 1.00.
Monday and Tuesday 75c Monday and Tuesday. . Garment 81.00 .. Monday and Tneiday 82.50 Monday and Tneiday 82.50
1 OA .... -Q-- Ca . ... — — O The dullest month of the year will be the busiest here > c< . . , ., P c . . " ' ?
Special No. 3. • Special No. 17. ,- .... . - ,. ... -, , t _ . . . Special No. 53. Special Ao. 67. .
Ladies' Runabout Skirts Ladies' Corsets lf W* XXX * and l0W P ricC Wl » d0 |L day. to day /7^ y Jf Lad/es . Loungipg Ro6gs
Made of heavy English golfing. C B— A La Spirlte— Low bust, ex- tlilS fTlOfith yOU Will find ill thlS StOre SOITie CXCCD- Hlerh neck and long sleeves; m«de of Made of XXX heavy all-wool elder-
man tailored, stitched, also scalloped. • tended hip. straight front and hand Sea Island yarn, fleece lined and jer- down, deep Fauntleroy collar, cro-
tiounce. finished with ten rows of gored, also four side Btecls; made of tinnal OffCrifl^S- af" m^f and ft £rPflt ITIrltiV Hf sev knlt - Pants to matrh. Fame qual- cheted edge of wf»ol yarn; cord and
tailor stitching. In brown, gray and the best imported sateen; insures a uulldl Uil«5i»"5» SUIHC dl WJM dllU d £ICCll many ai ity as above; ankle length and French tassel at the waist line; extra full
black. Hang and fit as they should. perfect form; In black, gray and white. locc than rncf_ frn rlnco thorn mir hofnro ctnrk taking band. In gray or ecru. skirt. In pray and red.
Monday and Tuesday. S2.9S Monday and Tuesday Sl.OO I65S Uld " "* lO> CI05e mCnl OUt DBIOrC MUOKldltmS Monday and Tuesday.^, garment 25c Monday ud Tuesday S2.85
> i O Q ; O — O p ■ < *
Special No. 4. Special No. 18. Special No. 29. 7 Special No. 40. , Special No. 54. Special No. 68.
Ladies' Wrappers Royal Worcester Corsets Ribbons . Ladies' Auto or Wrist Bags Ladies' Gloves Child's Waists
Mad* of colored striped and dotted (The genuine kind.) Made of lm- A Width No. 100. five Inches wide; Made of Levant or Russian leather; "Winter weight, made of steam Thp Ferris Good Sense — Made of
flannelette; rolling collar, and ruf- ported cloth, princess hip, straight made of silk taffeta In satin dotted mirror, also purse inside to match; shrunk yarn, fancy crocheted hack in extra strong Jeans, with double rows
fles over the sleeves; braid trimmed. front; circular cut and hand gored: effects; corded edge. The good wash- patent steel frame and clasp; leather different combination of colors; sock of washable buttons and six rows of
deep flounce; liberal In length and hosp supporters attached sides and ing kind. In pink, blue, lemon, cardi- handles: In red only. Regular 51 25 finished wrist. In red. tan, gray and tailor stitched bands. In drab and
width. Real worth MAS. . front. For stout and medium figures. nal, black and white. . quality. brown. Instead of 50c. white; all sizes.
Monday and Tuesday 98c Monday and Tuesday. . 81..">O Monday and Tuesday. . .A yard 12V6c Monday and Tuesday. 75c Monday and Tuesday 25c Monday and Tuesday 25c
1- q t ; p 1 O Q ; ; O
Special No. 5. Special No. 19. Special No. 30. Special No. 41. Special No. 55. Special No. 69.
; Ladies' Waists Nemo, the Self-Reducing Corset Velvet Ribbons Ladies' Combination Pocketbook Ladies' Gloves Ladies' Corsets
Made of imported Iron frame al- Made of twilled sateen, low and All silk, satin back, narrow width. Mafte of seal, alligator and morocco; Made of imported French kid. two French girdle or Empire shape,
paca, high luster and fast black; mil- medium bust, extra long over abdomen the Jtind that is in such demand for leather lined; patent s'teel clasps. patent clasps, overaeam stitching, also Made of strong ribbon tape, rust-
Jtary Btraight front effect, with tabs, and dip hip; boned throughout with making neckwear :. width No. 1. in pink, . from which it Is impossible to lose three rows of embroidery on the back. proof front steels, finished with a
button trimmed; fitted lining. In- aluminold boning which is unbreak- blue, cardinal, green and other colors. your money; in brown, tan and black. In red, brown, gray, tan. black and large Ratin bow. In pink, blue, white
stead of J2.76 — able. . 10 yards to the piece. f Instead of $4.00 and $5.00, white. Instead of $1.00. special and gray.
Monday and Tuesday SI. 75 Monday and Tuesday SI. 50 Monday and Tuesday. .... Apiece 35c Monday and Tuesday 81.00 Monday and Tuesday 60c Monday and Tuesday 35c
i Q ■ Q — ' O ; — — - O O ; ( )
Special No. 6. Special No. 20. Special ; No. 31. ' Special No. 42. Special No. 56. Special No. 70.
Ladies' Hose Supporters Infants' Vests Ladies* Vests Tidies Ladies' Pants Ladies' Drawers
Made of fancy filled French lisle Made of velvet finished yarn. Jersey Low neck and no sleeves, hand cro- Made of extra heavy butcher linen Made of wool finished yarn. Jersey Made of twilled Daisy flannwl.
elastic, with fancy button buckles. twisted, high neck and long sleeves: cheted yoke in the wheel pattern: neck center and finished with hand-made knit, ankle length. French band; vest trimmed with deep umbrella flounce;
with bowknot patterns. button open all the way down the front, so and armholes laco trimmed: made of Battenberg lace, fully 12 inches wide; same quality; high neck and long just the garment for this cold weath-
clasps. In pink, blue, red and black. they are easily put on and taken off. pure French silk, Swiss ribbed; in in round and square effect; in floral sleeves; the shaped kind: in ecru or er. In pink, blue and cream. Real
Real worth, 25c. Physicians recommend them. pink only. Instead Df $1 00, and Grecian designs. Real worth 40c. gray, medicated and steam shrunk. worth 56c.
Monday and Tuesday Pair 10c Monday and Tuesday 25c Monday and Tuesday 50c Monday and Tuesday 25c Monday and Tuesday. .A garment 45c Monday and Tuesday 20c
' Q Q Q ■ — — O" Q ' i I
Special A r o. 7. Special No. 21. Special No. 32. Special No. 43. Special No. 57. Special No. 71.
Ladies' Petticoats Ladies' Combination Suits Ribbons Tidies Child's Combination Suits Ladies' Kimonas
Made of black and white near silk. Made of steam shrunk yarn, high The imported kind; made of all silk Fifteen inches square, openwork High neck, long sleeves, ankle length Made of Willed flannelette, fleece
the extra heavy kind; deep umbrella neck, long sleeves and ankle length; taffeta. Blpaca finish and corded edge; Irish Point, scalloped edge, braid in and drop seat; made of a knitted lined; In fancy Persian designs, with
flounce, with three hemstitched ruf- jersey knit and fleece lined; seamless in pink, blue, cream, cardinal and fancy designs through center.' Instead fabric, fleece lined, kid fitting; In ecru dotted borders. Mikado sleeves. In-
fles and four tailor stitched bands. and kid fitting. black; width 100 or sash- ribbon width. of 20c — or gray; all sizes. ■ : stead of 75 cents — - •
Monday and Tuesday Sl.OO Monday and Tuesday 75c Monday and Tuesday 12V6c Monday and Tuesday lOc Monday and Tuesday 50c Monday and Tuesday 5Oc
' p— p ■ -— — — O : O Q < i
Special No. 8. Special No. 22. Special No. 33. ' Special No. 44. Special No. 58. Special No. 72.
Ladies' Underskirts Insertion Ladies' Vests Birdcage Veil-— the Latest Novelty Torchon Laca Drummer's Sample Lino of Shawls
Made of fast black English sateen. Made on fine cambric. Made of Australian wool, high neck For beautifying and hat trimming, Made of the best English thread. Some crocheted, others knitted In
umbrella flounce, with three tucked Openwork patterns, full 2M Inches and long sleeves; Swiss and Richelieu full 45 inches in length; all-silk Tux- neat patterns, 1 inch wide, all pearl fancy designs; good sizes. In pink,
ruffles: liberal in width. At the wide; many different patterns to ribbed: soft as velvet; in gray or edo mesh: finished with chenille dot- edge; just the lace for underwear or blue, white and black; washable and
Price Cutter's — - J - choose from; real worth 12c a yard. white; regular $1 25 quality. ~ ted border. -children's dresses. warm.
Monday and Tuesday $1.00 Monday and. Tuesday A yard 2%c Monday and Tuesday 95c Monday and Tuesday 5Oc Monday and Tuesday A yard 4c Monday and Tuesday. 4JoC and 40c
i O Q — —Q O — — : O . it
Special No. 9. Special No. 23. v Special No. 34. Special No'. 45. Special No. 59. Special No. 73.
Skirt Braid Shears or Scissors Finished Cushions ' Children's Hose Ladies' Hose Hair Pins
Made of steam-shrunk yarn, with Seven, eight and nine inches long: Covered with fancy colored crepe Made of Peruvian yarn, narrow Made of Sea Island cotton, fast Made of extra strong English wire,
an extra heavy everlasting brush the celebrated "Goodwind" quality. cloth and finished all around with deep ribbed, fast black, medium weight, black, white feet.0 Just the hose for hard enameled, with eight compart-
braid. In brown, blue, gray and "Worth four times the price we ask for ruffle, full 23 inches square. In red, double heels, toes and knees; real sore and tender feet, soft as velvet, ments of assorted hairpins In a cabl-
black, them. , tans and green. worth 25c. perfect fitting. net.
Monday and Tuesday Tard ,'c Monday and Tuesday Fair 10c Monday and Tuesday 29c Monday and Tuesday 15c ' Monday ana Tuesday A pair 10c Monday and Tuesday Cabinet 5c
i O- — Q ■ p ; O G ; 1 >
Special No. io. Special No. 24. Special No. 35. • Special No. 46. .Special No. 60. Speaal No. 74.
Ladies' Petticoats Ladies' Hose Veilings' Ladies' Hose Children's Hose Ladies' Long Kimonas
Made of Daisy flannel, finished 'Made of Egyptian lisle, openwork Made of all-silk criss-cross net, fin- Made of fast black French thread. Made of all-wool cashmere, Swiss Made of colored striped Daisy flan-
with a deep umbrella flounce, French lace effect, fast black; the kind ished with a graduated chenille dotted Richelieu ribbed, colored silk embroid- ribbed, double heel and toes, soft as -nel. collar front and sleeves,
trimmed with nve rows of silk fagot- that fit and wear; moro than an even border. In blue, brown and black. In- ered insteps. Always sold for 20c. velvet; preventive of chilblains and trlmmfcd with three rows of silk fag-
ing, exchange for our money. ; stead of 35c — . . Embroidered in red, blue and white. cold feet. , oting.
Monday and Tuesday 75c Monday and Tuesday. . .... .Each 1 9c Monday and Tuesday. .'...." 25c Monday and Tuesday Pair 12Vac Monday and Tuesday 25c [ Monday and Tuesday 81.25
i p Q • ■■■ : p Q . Q p
. .SpecialNo.il. ' Special No. 25. • Special No. 36. ■• Special No. 47. j Special No. 61. Special No. 75.
Head Shawls or Nubias Ladies' Hose Chiffon ■ ' A/lover Net or Webbing Embroidery Ladies' Belts
Made of zephyr, in a-hand crochet • Spliced heels and toes. Made of Sea All-silk.* French make. 45 inches Made of Point de Gene, full 18 inches Full three Inches wide. Made on Made of pleated black peau de sole
shell pattern. In pink, blue, red. Island cotton, fast black, fleece lined; wide, high luster. In pink, blue, nile, wide; flower, leaf and scroll designs. heavy cambric> neat patterns, button- silk, straight front buckle, and long
white and black. . . . the good warm kind for winter wear. grcen^Vblack.-wblte^.ted,- ete.pfW.-vr' In Arabian and white. ; • • ' holed edge. slide buckle In the back.
Monday and Tuesday. .„..;... I.. 25c -Monday and Tuesday. ..... . ..'..'. 25c Monday and Tuesday. ...*'.../,.» 50c Monday and Tuesday.. 95c Monday and Tuesday Tard 2c Mcnday and Tuesday 25c
C Q .''<,'■" '" ■ p Q O ■ p
Special No. 12. Special No. 26. Special No. 37. . Special No. 4^. Special No. 62. . Special No. 76.
Dress Linings Scarfs Turkish Cushion Cover and Back ' Ladies' Vests Ladies' Ties Ladies' Gowns
Fancy near Eilk, also plain. In Made of all hand-made Battenberg, Finished with four large tassels High neck and long sleeves: made of Made of extra strong white lawn. Mad© of steam-shrunk colored
tan. brown, blue and green; 36 inches 54 inches long and 20 inches wide; in on corners: in pretty and bright color- pure Vega silk. Swiss ribbed; in pink, four inches wide, 50 inches long and striped flannelette, rolling collar,
wide. Real worth 20c. star and leaf designs. Instead of $J.60 lngsj finished ready for use. blue, white and cream.. hemstitched ends. braid trimmed; pink and blue stripes.
Monday and Tuesday 8c Monday and Tuesday .§1.95 Monday and Tuesday 24c Monday and Tuesday Sl.OO Monday and Tuesday 10c j Monday and Tuesday 39c
O p j — Q O" ■ ) p
Special No. 13. Special No. 27. Special No. 38. Special No. 49. Special No. 63. ■ Special No. 77.
Ladies' Petticoats The Lillian Tab and Overcollar Child's Gloves Kayser's Woven-Tip Gloves Corset Clasp Proteqtors Ladies' Handkerchiefs
Made of striped flannelette, finish- Made of Point Gene lace, in flower Fancy knit, made of steam shrunk Made of suede lisle, two patent Which prevent the front steels from Embroidered and hemstitched,
ed with deep hem. In pink and blue and leaf designs; extra large tab; real yarn; in red. blue, gray and black. clasps, stitched back; in gray, tan, breaking. The best W. B. make; very Made of English lawn. Real worth
stripes, steam shrunk, fast colors. worth, 40c. In ecru, Arabian color. Instead of 50c, special black and white. Special easily attached; real worth 25c. 15c each. A bunch of three —
Monday and Tuesday 19c Monday and Tuesday i .29c Monday and Tuesday 25o Monday and Tuesday 25c Monday and Tuesday 10c Monday and Tuesday 19c
O — — — Q ■ i . Q — — — Q Q ' * '
Special No. 14. Special No. 28. Special No. 39. Special No. 50. Special No. 64. Special No. 78.
Ladies' Umbrellas Child's Waists Pt. de Paris and Normandy Val. Lace Handmade Wool Yak Lace Ladies' foliar and Tab Dress Shields '
Made of fast black gloria, with steel Made of knitted fabric; washable Fully 5 inches wide; In tulip, coral. Used for dress and skirt trimmings. Made of crocheted Point Venise lace. Nainsook covered, washable, small
rod and frame, natural wood handles, tape buttons to attach the undergar- leaf and flower designs; the 20c kind. fully 2V 4 inches wide. Worth 20c. Fast in star, leaf and flower effects. Ara- and medium sizes. Worth 20c. .Filled
waterproof, for ladies or gents. ments to; large and small sizes. Special 100 different patterns; washable. black, in hand-made guipure pattern. bian or ecru colour, washable, very chic. with vegetable substance, odorless.
Monday and Tuesday 29c Monday and Tuesday 12c m Monday and Tuesday lQc Monday and Tuesday A yard 10c Mcnday and Tuesday 19c t Monday and Tuesday Pair 7c a
JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market Street "|~ JOE ROSENBERG, The Price Cutter I JOE ROSENBERG, 1 1 O'Farrell Street |
DOCTORS CURE
HIS INSANITY
Patient at the Napa State
Hospital Recovers His Reason
After a Skillful Operation
Special Dispatch to Ths Cfcll
NAPA, Feb. 6. — An interesting opera
tion was performed at the State Hos
pital for the Insane last Monday by
Dr. • Stone, assisted by Drs. Pulslf er,
Sticc and Cohen upon a parent,
George Argyris.
Argyris is a Greek, 19 years of age.
Ten years ago Jn his native country,
his skull was fractured, but he seem
ed soon to recover from the injury.
Shortly afterward he came to this
country. • He worked for his brother
in a restaurant in the Latin quarter
of Fan Francisco. A few months ago
he got into a fight' with the cook and
was struck with a poker over the right
ear. The spot was where his skull had
been fractured years before.
The effects of 'this blow seemed to
drive him insane, and he wandered
about from place to place in an aim
less manner, and was recently arrest
ed in Sonoma County for robbery. He
was deemed more, fit for an asylum
than a prison, and was' committed to
Xapa Hospital. Here an operation
was decided upon, and was performed
on Monday. The skull was opened and
a large tumor that was pressing
against, the brain was removed. The
skull section which had been cut out
was replaced by a "bone button."
Argyris' mental powers have been com
pletely restored, and in all probability
he will soon be discharged as com
pletely cured.
Veteran Banker Takes Tteasurershlp.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— Frank
Miller has tendered his resignation as
president of the national bank- of D.
0. Mills & Co., to take effect February
1, and becomes treasurer of the
Booth-Kelly Company of Oregon, con
trolling 1,000,000 acres of land.
Charles F. Dillman will become presi
dent and Fred H. Pierce of Oakland
will become cashier of the bank. Mr.
Miller has been connected with the
bank for thirty-eight years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
SUPERSTITIOUS GAMBLERS
AVIN LARGE SU3I OF MONEY
After Persistent Run of Bad Luck
They Play >*o. 13 to Sorrow of
Monte Carlo Game Keeper.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— A striking exam
ple of the superstition of gamblers in
regard to luck occurred at what Is
known as the "suicides' table" at the
Casino at Monte Carlo last week.
A ,fly alighted on No. 13 after the
players, had been suffering from a per
sistent run of bad luck. In a moment
the middle dozen was liberally backed.
Then an elderly gambler piled napo
leons around 13, the less confident stak
ing their money on transversals.
Then the marble spun. The- croupier
announced that the winning number
was 13. Furthermore, 13 came three
times in succession and the fly cost the
Casino £5000.
It is reported that about 600 of the
immigrants landed in New York during
the last six months have become public
charges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
k3 ggf^Kj/H Kswift7w XlilVlIlg UUuyilL lllv clllliC olUL-IV Ul 1 ldllUo II Ulll LUC £-*Cil\J 1 Vltt Uvdlo V^>U*; V/C yk !'-. s - \>\
r" *1 '■ «i»*^ "■ d - w^_ BB i^^ bm __mhb^^_«m_ v^ h> . mvk - tK m m mlm # n arm ■ m m m ■ m ' m m — ■ ■■ ■ . tk§ ■AWMD e " A
&I f^V^ « ' +2r *mJ B Iwi JML m \ S a u * w I JVum Mm B \ ' -\ 11
GERMANY WILL KEEP
ARMY AT PEACE BASIS
Financial Depression Prevents an In
crease of the Xatlon's Fight
ins Strength.
BERLIN, Feb. 6. — The Reichstag
to-day passed the bill prolonging for
one year the maintenance of the array
at its present peace strength. It was
generally predicted before the last
election that the Government would
attempt to carry a bill this winter in
creasing the number of troops under
arms, but the unsatisfactory financial
status of the empire prevented it. It
is now believed the Government
merely postponed the execution of the
plan until the next session of the
Reichstag.
The atom of hydrogen Is the smallest
of the "ultimate atoms" of the chem
ists, but it is 1780 times as large as the
corpuscles which have recently been
demonstrated as the elements of the
atoms.
Invents New BuIIct-Proof Uniform.
VIENNA, Feb. 6.— The military au
thorities are very enthusiastic at the
results of experiments with a new bul
let-proof uniform. The uniform isan
Invention of an Austrian tailor and
though a number of shots from mod
ern firearms were fired at it at a very
short distance it successfully resisted
all bullets. It is possible that this new
invention will be Introduced in the
Austrian army in the very near future,
as it costs only about $2 per man;
British Ship Strikes on Reef.
RANGOON, India, Feb. 6. — The
British ship Laomene, from Philadel
phia October 12 for Rangoon, ig
ashore on the Alguada reef and will
probably become a wreck. There has
been loss of life.
M. Thoplteau, French "Deputy, pro
poses to tax all games of hazard to the
extent of 8 per cent of the sums at
stake. M. Thopiteau estimates that
the tax would bring in an annual
revenue of $2,000,000.
UNCLE SAM WANTS NEW
DEAL WITH FRANCE
Negotiations Are Pending Concerning
Changes In Reciprocity
Arrangement.
PARIS, Feb. 6.— An official of the
United States embassy called at the
Foreign Office to-day to urge an early
reply to the last American note con
cerning a revision of the Franco-
American reciprocity arrangement.
The negotiations have now assumed
the following exact form: •
France expressed her willingness to
respect the minimum tariff on Ameri
can meats and also to grant the mini
mum tariff on Porto Rico coffee if the
United States will give 20 per cent re
duction in the rate on champagne un
der the reciprocity clause of the Ding
ley act. The American answer, given
six weeks ago. expresses willingness
to take up the foregoing if. besides the
reduction on meat and 'coffee, France
will reduce the duties on other articles
sufficiently to counterbalance the con-
PARIS COURT DECIDES
FRAXCIS BRYAN" CASE
Holds That Testator, Who Gave $10,
000 to Philadelphia Society,
Was Irresponsible.
PARIS, Feb. 6.— The Civil Tribunal
of the Seine decided to-day that Fran
cis R. Bryan, the wealthy American
who died here last November, leav
ing $10,000 to the Philadelphia His
torical Society and the remainder of
his large fortune to the South Kens
ington Museum of London, was men
tally irresponsible at the time he
signed his will.
It was announced from Paris Jan
uary 30 that Mr. Hand of Xew York
and Mrs. Dewees of Mississippi had
contested the legacies of Bryan, who
was their cousin.
cession on champagne. The answer
to' this note la now awaited, the For
eign Office saying that the Minister of
Commerce has not yeached a decision.
3132
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
African Ceremonies.
r.Y V. ILiJAM STAMPS CHERF.T.
/Triran Traveler, Explorer anfl Blr Game
Hunter.
tCbjqrrtcbt. 19C4. by Joseph B. Bowl««.)
I t% ill describe the customs of the na
tives as 1 found them, and if any of
my descriptions differ in some points
from those of other travelers It will be
beca.*iiEP ivt? have seen variations of the i
Emn» general customs.
I religious customs are rather vague,
for tho rood reason that there Is very
lit tie religion. The mingonga, or medi
cine man. is virtually the priest of the
tribe. 1 thought at first that he was
p.n ur.rr: iterated fraud, and so he some
times is, bat he Is also an institution
and plays no unimportant part In se
rtirinj^ the observance of the laws and
traditions of his tribe. There is more
method in his madness than at first
sijrht arrears, and many of his absurd
looking ceremonies may be founded on
reasons that we do not know. One
thing about the niedicine man is certain
— h*» knows how to keep a well-stocked
larder. The best of the fish and game
*>re given to appease the angry spirits,
and he knows where they go.
I recall an amusing instance In which
the racket of the medicine nfan was
» orked to good purpose. One evening I
had given my men a goat for supper.
Pule^. my trusted man. was the son of
the mingonga of his tribe, and there
f<:e knew the ropes. He saw that there
was not enough goat for them all, so he
suggested that as they were far from
h"me the N'Yamma of N'Zoppa might
imagine he was forgotten by them and
!»e angry unless they showed him the
pleasant attention of a goat supper.
Now the N'Yamma is a great beast,
who does all the dirty work for N'Zop
l>a. such as killing men. tipping their
canoes, making mortal man's life mis
erable for him. In the water he is called
N'Gondera. and swims like a crocodile.
When on land men call him the N'Fa
tnutu. but wherever he may be the na
tives always feed him. The supper was
prepared in great solemnity. Dulee and
his little brother, Wassy, were selected
to feed it to the N'Yamma. I watched
with interest. At about 10 o'clock that
night I heard a peculiar noise in the
liush. I called Dulee to me. He was
s.V. excitement and spoke in a whisper.
I asked him what that noise meant, and
he answered it was the N'Yamma of
N'Zoppa eating the goat. All the time
the Queer noise was going on in the
dark bush. It sounded like some one
talking through his nose. I went out to
i he men and looked them over; they
were trembling and excited, but Wassy
v as gone. Upon asking where he was
they reiflied that he was at the chief's
lo get water.
I seized my revolver and 1 went Into
the bush after the N'Yamma. remark
ir.q; I was tired of furnishing suppers
for him and meant to kill him. Before
I made ten steps Dulee had caught me
n?;d was holding me back. What was
I coins to do? The N'Yamma would
kill me. He fairly prayed me not to
po. What an actor Dulee would make!
But I must kill the N'Yamma. I could
play the part of an actor too. In my
pretended excitement I cocked my re
volver and dragged Dulee forward
rearer the beast. Fearing I would
vhoot and knowing that the N'Yamma
v. as Wessy, Dulee confessed. Wassy
v .is there, and not after water. I said
eo more, but v.ent to my bed.
In the morning I asked Dulee if the
NTamma liked his dinner. Tes, !t was
a:; gone. They had taken it to him in
a covered pot, the cover tied on with
n_<2shlngai to keep out dogs, monkeys
.-»&d any wild animal that might be
rru.vlinff about NTamma had eaten
ih«> meat without taking off the lid.
Then I accused Dulee of eating it. For
a long time he stuck to his story, but
at last owned up and explained how
Y.'assy made the noise by putting two
fingers in his nostrils and then talking.
Dulee begged me not to tell the other
men, as it was a professional secret
v.hich they had learned from thslr
father, and the men would be angry if
they knew how they had been tricked.
Funeral customs vary somewhat in
different parts of Africa, but most of
the variations can be traced to the
operation of foreign influences. Near
BraEsaville, where cannibalism has
b.-cn long a thing of the past, they
embalm their dead by wrapping them
in native cloth, using abundance of
cam wood to paint the body red, and
placing it betv/een each layer of cloth,
sifter which the body is left to smoke
over a slow fire until tne first rain.
During the dry season it may smoke
T^r months. After this process it looks
lltte an Egyptian mummy. I believe the
natives sot this custom from the Egyp
tians* or perhaps the Egyptians got ;.t
from them. They put the body In a
Earcophagus-!ooking box. cut from the
trunk of a tree, but the white ants
have nothing of a mummy or box In a
few months after Interment. The death
of a chief— provided he is a great chief
—is always kept secret as long as pos
sible, or until after the crown prince
!»as been fairly Installed; this usually
takes place the eame day.
When a big chief is burled.accord
ing to anrie>nt rites his, favorite wives,
•slaves and even his edvisers are placed
i:i the grave with him. I arrived at
Bosagee rapids a few days after Ban
ga. chief of the Dondys. had been
juried with great pomp and cere
mony. Fourteen of his favorite wives
and twenty slaves were buried with
him. These wives had volunteered to
die, and according to custom they
were painted red with cam wood, just
as they were when married. Each
sat in turn on the burial logs, when
a half-inch rope was wound once
around, her neck and a strong man
pulled at each end of this rope and
slowly strangled her, the mother or
sister of the woman holding her hand
over her mouth. It is not a hard
death, they eay, as the victim almost
invariably faints a few seconds after
respiration is cut off. The wives were
buried in tiers of six, each tier cross
ways of the one preceding, and lastly
the nude body of the chief, painted
red like the women, was placed face
downward across the last tier..
The tombs are carefully concealed
and no one except the closest relatives
knows their whereabouts. I ■ have
worked diligently to discover one of
these sepulchers, but to no purpose.
The N'Sacklaws bury their dead by
digging a perpendicular hole, from
the bottom of which they run a" tun
nel horizontally from twenty to fifty
yards. In this tunnel the bodies are
laid, and as It may run In any direc
tion, a grave robber would have dif
ficulty in finding it. The Yaccomas
put earthen pots to eat out of in the
graves, also bows, arrows, spears and
other personal belongings. But the
common man has very little planted
in his grave. He goes through the
world with very little, and he has very
little to take out of it. When the
burial of a chief Is'comfortably over
the successor marries as many of the
remaining wives as he sees fit. The
ceremony takes place on tha family
log, where he sits with each woman in
turn while they paint one another red
with cam wood.
I tried to find out whether there was
any underlying principle in the prac
tice of tattooing or any general types
to which the practice conformed, but
I could find traces of neither. Each
chief makes his men mark his chil
dren in a particular way, and when a
chief dies the mark is sometimes
changed. There 'seems to be in the
custom a suggestion of the mark of
ownership. There is also the idea of
ornamentation, and the styles of tat
tooing change as xlo the fashions in
civilized countries.* It Is an evidence
of bravery, they think, to see deep cuts
and large self-imposed scars. Some
tribes tattoo to a great extent; others
scarcely any. Slaves are detected by
a hole in each nostril; freemen have
other tattoo markings, according to
tribal customs. The African uses no
ink; the marking is_ made by scars
cut time and again in the same place,
until the scar becomes embossed in
extreme cases a quarter of an inch.
Many of the designs look well on the
African skin.
Almost all African tribes pull out the
eyebrows; some take out all the hair
on the face. But the greatest slaves
to style are the tribes who distort the
lobes of the ears until they look like
the handles <ra a water pitcher. Others
distort the nose and ,lips with conical
wedges to such an extent as to im
pede enunciation, thus changing the en
tire language. Sometimes a tribe will
file and cut the front teeth to sharp
points, giving a most savage appear
ance. Another will pull out the two
upper front teeth in infancy.
Ordeal by fire by holding red-hot iron
in the hands is said to be practiced in
the Congo. I have never met with it,
but ordeal by poison is common all over
the Congo. The poison used Is \ the
same throughout the whole of Western
Africa. It is made from the root of
the nkasa tree, which is found only in
spots, one of the places where It is
abundant being an island above Koan
go. The bark of the root is scraped
off with a knife and placed In water.
After standing a short time the water
turns red from the color of the bark.
There is a yellow bark as well, and
some tribes prefer the one and some
the other. The liquid is then given to
the accused party.
The poison is given in different ways
among different tribes. In some tribes
when any one is accused of witchcraft,
adultery or theft, in order .to find out
whether or not he is guilty, the poison
is first of all given to a chicken. If
the chicken dies the accused must sub
mit to the poison test; if the chicken
lives he .is • acquitted. Once when near
the village of By-Barri I was told that
the chief of the Yaccomas was about to
administer the poison, in order to find
out which of the two women who had
been suspected of witchcraft was re
sponsible for his swollen foot. I ran
to the village as fast as my legs could
carry me. but before I got there the
poison had been given. I found a large
crowd of people gathered; together.
They were in the form of a circle, their
attention centered upon two women,
who were jumping about in wild ex
citement. In about ten minutes one
of them began to vomit, and soon re
covered. The other was thrown into
convulsions, and lay prone upon the
ground until death ended her agony.
The medicine man was going through
a lot of mumbo Jumbo, and through it
all I could hear him asserting that the
poison never failed to find out the
guilty. The woman who vomited up
the poison was received back by her
friends with great rejoicing. The
relatives of the dead woman were the
loudest in heaping maledictions on her
name. It was evident that all the
people had the most implicit faith in
the accuracy of the test. But Justice
surely miscarries In those cases where
the medicine man has been bribed to
give a mild dose, or where too large a
d..Fe has been given. In slight offenses,
such as theft, if the party who had
been wronged was willing, an antidote
may be given.
The Pope and His Cap.
Another story of the new Pope's sim
ple habits and ways is told by a Rome
paper. An aristocratic lady, was re
ceived in audience recently by his Holi
ness. Encouraged by his affability, his
visitor offered him as a small ; present
a little calotte or cap which .she had
made in silk with her own hands. On
his acceptance of her gift the lady
asked if Plus X would. not give her as
a memento of her visit the one he was
then wearing. Taking off a very plain,
coarse. cap from his head his Holiness
said: "When you bring me : one Just
like this we will make the exchange."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL! SUNDAY/ FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . : . '. ..... . Address AH Commtmications'to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflico < *^HIP% > ». Third and Market Streets, 8. F.
SUNDAY. ......................^.. ..FEBRUARY 7. IQQ4
THE BALKAN OUTLOOK.
FOR some time past comparatively little public at
tention has been given to the progress of affairs in
the Balkans. It seems to have been forgotten that
at this time last year the portents of war were far more
threatening there than in Manchuria.' Diplomatists
were kept busy night and day trying to maintain peace
through the concert of Europe, while in Austria and in
Turkey troops were mobilized and held in readiness for
immediate action should it be necessary. The crisis,
however, was passed without an outbreak, and of late
events in Manchuria have been of such a nature as to
absorb attention, so that for a time Macedonia and her
troubles have been well nigh forgotten.
The shifting of interest from southeastern Europe to
northeastern Asia has been due wholly to the increas
ing strain upon the relations between Japan and Russia;
and not to any diminution in the critical nature of the
situation in the Balkans. As a matter of fact the danger
of war in that part of the world is fully as threatening
now as it was a year ago, when everybody was looking
for an uprising in the spring? The powers that direct
the concert of Europe repressed the discontents of the
Balkan people last year, but did not remove the caases
of them, and as a consequence the elements of strife
exist there as full of potency as ever. It is even proba-'
ble that a conflict between Russia and Japan might lead
to war in the Balkans, by removing from the hostile
races the strong hands of the powers that have hitherto
kept them in order.
A recent report from Constantinople, after reviewing
the delay of the Turk in instituting promised reforms,
and the increasing dissatisfaction of the Christian pop
ulation of the empire, says:
"The reluctance of the Turks to act arises, no doubt,
from their dislike to the whole of the project imposed
by Europe, but it is largely increased from their hopes of
a struggle between Russia and Japan. If this should
take place it would indeed be teVrible news for the
Christian population of the Balkans. Probably all pre
tense of intention to carry out the reforms would be
thrown aside. The Turkish newspapers give ample evi
dence of the intense interest which the Turks take in the
question between Russia and Japan. Usually the space
devoted to foreign news is very small. For weeks past,
however, the Turkish papers are so crowded with state
ments on the Japanese question as to leave the impres
sion that French, Russian and English journals are care
fully examined and extracts given from all which can
afford any indication of what is likely to happen in the
Far East.
From that and from similar statements coming from
Constantinople or from Vienna, it is evident that a war
in Manchuria would dangerously increase the chances of
war in the Balkans. In the passage quoted, we are given
the Macedonian view of the situation, but other writers,
who are studying the crisis on the spot, declare that an
outbreak of war in Manchuria would be followed by an
immediate uprising in Macedonia, no matter what the
Sultan's .government may do or leave undone. Indeed
the whole Balkan peninsula is in a state of unstable
equilibrium. The present status is maintained solely by
the concert of Europe, and should the' concert be broken
up or even weakened by a war of first-class magnitude,
the chances are that nearly the whole of the Turkish
dominions in Europe would be involved in confusion,
leading to a war not less portentous than that between
Russia and Japan. >
When the worthy guardians of the peace and property
of the people of Oroville inspected a set of burglar-proof
cells, which the town had been at considerable expense
to obtain, the startling fact was discovered the other
day that the bars could be cut in twain by an ordinary
saw. Yet no burglar had escaped. Let us hope that if
we must be afflicted by burglars it will' be by the rustic
Oroville brand.
CHILD LABOR.
rnp^HE age at which the law will permit a child to do
I any gainful work is an issue in many States. The
■*■ evil of toil, especially indoors, by children, affects
not the victims alone, but is passed on to future genera
tions. No nation, wise in the things that concern its
welfare and permanence, can afford to permit the phy
sical deterioration of its people.
But the question has many sides and many difficulties,
and a hard and fast rule will do good in some ways and
harm in others. It is under discussion in^New Jersey be
tween the Governor and representatives of the Feder
ated Trades, who put the limit at 13 years of age. The
Governor sought to amend the law so that the son of a
widow, under that limit, needing his help, might be per
mitted to earn and aid in his and her support. To this it
was answered that such a widow and her children should
be supported as paupers by the public. This raises an
other question of importance to society. Is it well to
start children in the world with the blight of pauperism
upon them? If such children can, by labor that is not es
sentially injurious to them, aid in supporting themselves
and their mother, saving- her the humiliation and them
selves the injury of pauperism, is it wise and well to for
bid it?
Of course there is present the difficulty of choosing an
occupation for them that is fitting. But in the myriad
activities required^by our many industries there should
be such places for this class of children.
The physical and moral superiority of children reared
in the country on farms is often noted. It would be well
if the Jrend of our population to cities were turned back
to the country. On a farm there is non-injurious occu
pation for children, from the beginning of their physical
activity. In the tending of fowls, light work in the gar
den, attending to s the fire wood, doing chores, helping in
the kitchen, picking fruit, and scores of other ways, the
boys and girls on a farm get a knowledge of nature
learn useful employment of their time and acquire habits
of industry which lead them on to independence. The
country school is in. many ways superior to the city
school, as a means of acquiring the book knowledge
which is the foundation of all education.: -
Secretary Hay, in his oration at the memorial exer
cises in Congress, in honor of the memory of- President
McKinley, sketched in charming phrase such a life, wh'cn
he said of McKihlry: "He belonged to'a generation of
boys who were unconscious of any superior and of any
inferior. They knew no want their \vn labor could not
satisfy, and they; learned the lessons of patriotism and
acquired a taste for letters in the^cxcellcnt school read
ers, of that day, "which often constituted the family li
brary." ~ . . V;
The stubborn . tendency ■ of ; our ; large foreign immigra
tion to huddle together in cities, with large families, is
increasing the complexity of the child problem in those
dense populations. This immigration consists too much
of a non-rural population. Foreign conditions separate
people too much from the soil, and throw them in the
major and minor trades and into unskilled labor v that is
employed in cities. They bring with them no experi
ence in rural life and no taste f of its occupations. The
sense of isolation from the place of their nativity impels
them to herd together, so that they may socially asso
ciate with those who speak their language.
If* they were separated they would be compelled to
learn English, and that knowledge would put them in
touch. with our institutions. For lack of it they learn but
little of the country or its people and adhere, for genera
tions, to the manners and customs, the habits and the
institutions of the lands whence they came. If their
tastes were rural and they' would take land as renters
even, they would live better and would receive the in
expressible benefit of assimilation. But they congest in
cities, where their presence hardens the problem of life
for themselves and those among whom they seek an
asylum. Child labor and training is one of the issues
that they at once precipitate upon us. A resort to rural
life Is part of its solution.
In an acrimonious debate in the House of Representa
tives recently the criminal and political records of Indi
ana and Kentucky respectively were the subjects of
heated discussion. As was to be expected the affairs of
Kentucky are so criminally political and politically crim
inal that the Indianans might have talked for a week
and still have left their subject with mines of reminiscent
information yet to explore.
CHINESE FINANCE. ,
MR. CONANT. a financial expert, representing
this Government, is abroad engaged in the task
of getting an agreement of the nations in re
ceipt of indemnity from China, incident to the Boxer
war, to take the same in silver, provided that China
agrees to use what she will save by such an arrange
ment In adopting the gold standard and securing for
herself the use of stable money. It is understood that
the nations concerned have all agreed except Italy,
and Mr. Conant is in Rome negotiating with that Gov
ernment.
If this arrangement is made, it will furnish a con
spicuous ease of great good coming out of evil. It has
come to be admitted as a fact in economics that no coun
try can progress nor its people rise into prosperity and
go forward in civilization unless^ they have a stable
money on the foundation of a sure standard. China
has had a most difficult money system, with the tael
as a unit, and the taels differing in value according to
the towns or the provinces where they are the medium
of exchange. The people handle only the brass "cash,"
of insignificant intrinsic value, while in larger trans
actions the Mexican dollar is the currency of commerce.
China's financial system has held her back and kept her
people on a low scale of life. She needs a stable cur
rency/ whose units are of equal -and common value in
all parts of the empire, which will facilitate her domestic
and -foreign commerce.
It is estimated that she can secure this by using what
she will save by payment of the foreign indemnities in
silver. That the indemnified nations consent to this
shows the great advance made by the world since our
gold campaign of 1896. They seek commerce in China.
They desire to promote there an expansion of the wants
of the people, . which can come only by raising their
standard of life. And they recognize that the beginning
of all this is in an efficient financial reform.
The proposition accomplished will do more for China
than all the armies and all the missionaries that could
be sent to her. It will give her strength to retain
autonomy and resist dismemberment. It will end the
excuse of other Governments for > possessing her terri
tory in order to do this very thing, which she will have
the power to do for herself.
After what appears to be a great deal of unnecessary
delay and an unseemly display of official hesitation we
have won for San Francisco out of the Iroquois horror
of Chicago one sad benefit. It is now settled in the
opinion of our authorities that several of our theaters
are veritable death traps in the event of fire or panic
It will be interesting to note how long it takes to sug
gest, and make effective a remedy.
FEED THE BRUTE.
A CLUB lady in Chicago, in a meeting of matrons
to discuss the great issues of life, when asked how
to manage a husband so as to secure domestic
tranquillity, promptly answered, "Feed the brute plenty
of good well-cooked food," and the club ladies all made
a note of it, and it is believed the experiment is now on
extensive trial in the windy city.
This recipe for domestic happiness suggests a menag
erie view of married life, and may, furnish a reason for
the tendency to board rather than keep house, that is so
strong upon many married people. In this view it
is complimentary to the sense of justice of the brute. For
what dyspepsia he gets at a boarding-house table he does
not blame his wife, but the landlady. She cares nothing
for the growling of the animals at feeding time, pro
vided they don't die in the house and will be buried from
the undertaker's melancholy parlors.
This new plan for peace foreshadows also the perma
nent! disarming of the domestic forces, since young ladies
about to assume the task of marrying one of the brutes
will be impelled to acquire a knowledge of the mysteries
of cooking in order to live happy ever after. When this
art is generally attained the. boarding-house landladies
will be overtaken by lack of trade and will be punished
for .their many transgressions. So a beautiful vista
opens in front of the American home and the dove is
likely to build her nest in the stomach of thatjbrute, the
American husband. _
A railway train was wrecked -in Colorado a few days
since by a terrific gale.- In these little affairs the elements
should not disturb themselves. If there "is anything on
earth in which: we have displayed extreme proficiency
and a success long past the degree of most alarming de
sire it is in wrecking railroad trains. We need no con
tributory violence from nature.
The startling discovery has been made that certain
ores of : Colorado^ yield radium , in large
enough to excite the highest hope of a great and valu
able field. This should create neither surprise nor en
thusiasm. ;: If there is anything on earth worth having
you '" will be sure 1 to find it somewhere in *the_ United
States. .
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Nemesis,
A group of well-dressed, prosperous
appearing men was standing at the cor
ner of Third and Kearny streets a few
days ago. 'The tallest of the t group
seemed to be in particularly good spir
its, and his companions evidently found
him congenial company, for they laugh
ed uproariously several times at his
remarks. Just as the group was about
to break up a crowd gathered across
the street. The gathering was explain
ed by a passer-by, who volunteered the
information that a woman had fallen
off a car and was badly hurt.
"Oh," said the tall man in a care
less and even contemptuous manner,
"I suppose she was drunk." Then he
turned to his companions, and, with a
laugh and a parting; Joke, bade them
erood-by.
When he arrived at his office In a
near-by sky-scraper he noticed that
everything seemed to be In confusion.
He demanded to know the cause of the
turmoil, but no one seemed anxious to
tell him until finally his stenographer,*
with tears in her eyes, called him Into
the inner office and said:
"Your mother Is badly hurt. She Just
fell off a car at the corner. You are
wanted at the hospital."
Candlemas.
The hedge-rows cast a shallow shade
Upon the frozen grass.
But skies at evensong are soft.
And comes the Candlemas.
Each day a little later now
Lingers the westering; bud;
Far out of sight the miracles ' ?
Of April are begun.
O barren bough! O frozen field!
Hopeless ye wait no more.
Life keeps her dearest promises—
The spring Is at the door.
ARTHUR KETCHUM, in the February
Atlantic
Napoleon's Spies.
The recently discovered memoirs of
a certain Captain d'Aubigney of Mar
shal Soult's army relates an Interesting
anecdote of the times of the great Na
poleon.
During the reign of Emperor Napo
leon I at a dinner In Paris the conver
sation turned upon the Emperor and
his Government, according to the
story. One of the company remarked
that he was a great man, but was too
fond of war. When the party broke
up a gentleman who waa present re
quested to speak In private to the per
son who had made that observation.
"Sir," said he, "I am sorry for it. but
I must request you to go with me to
the police." "Why?" said the other,
in the greatest apparent alarm. "I
have said nothing against the Em
peror but what every one must
acknowledge — that he is too fond of
war. There can be no harm in that."
"With that I have nothing to do.
You must go with me to the police."
The other now began to show the
strongest symptoms of fear; he en
treated the police agent in the most pa
thetic language to have compassion on
him. The other, however, stood un
moved by all his solicitation, when sud
denly the man rose from his knees and
burst into a laugh, to the utter aston
ishment of the informer. "You think
you have caught me," said he. "You
are a spy of the police; so am I, and I
was put over you to see whether you
would do your duty."
Causes of Cynicism.
Cynicism is never a native quality
of the mind; it always has its birth In
some unhappy experience. The young
man finds that the girl who has gath
ered up for him all the harmony and
melody pt earth rings hollow at the
test; and he drops his lyrical language
arid becomes , cynical of women. The
citizen of Boston has naturally grown
cynical of newspapers. The candidate
for public office who has been definitely
retired to private life by being "knifed"
at the polls distrusts party politics. A
man publishes a novel and thenceforth
is cynical of the publishers of novels.
Yet these misfortunes have their salu
tary aspect. The disappointed lover,
generalizing bitterly upon the sex, is
not always implacable; a cooler judg
ment tempers and restores his passion,
gives it another object, and so guides
him to a safer, if less gusty and emo
tional, love. The citizen of Boston, the
betrayed candidate, the blighted young
novelist, ,all have for their condition,
even though they know it not, a valu
able compensation; for the very event
that has brought them to this pass of
reasonable cynicism has stirred their
indignation; yes, in spite of their seem
ing inertness, indignation is now
smoldering.— Arthur Stanwood Pier,
In the February Atlantic.
Rarities.
The appearance of a real whale any
where along the North Atlantic Coast
is an event these days. Like the buf
falo or bison of the Western plains the
whale is almost extinct. It Is no longer
profitable to send out ships, and the
result is that whalebone has practically
vanished. Many satisfactory substi
tutes for whale oil and whalebone have
recently been put on the market. An
other popular denizen of the sea which
Is no longer sought is the codfish. The
scarcity of cod liver oil. a great tonic
for persons with weak lungs, is owing
not to the fact that fewer codfish ars
caught, but that the fish have little or
no livers any more. This Is thought
to be caused by lack of sufficient nour
ishment, as the tiny sea creatures on
■which the cod feed are disappearing
from the Norwegian waters. The livers
of the fish, when caught, nre found ta
be shriveled badly and in some cases
totally lacking. Where formerly It took
only about fifteen thousand cod to
make a barrel of cod liver oil it now re
quires at least forty thousand.
'An ""American Duel"
A foreign paper relates that a tragic
affair, has Just happened In Hungary,
.where V young law student. , aged 23
years; named Koloman Misic, shot him
self, declaring that he was the victim
of the "American" duel. ' The unfortu
nate • young man - and • a - friend fell in
love a year ago with the same girl,
and the friend, feeling himself slighted,
spoke rudely of the girl, whereupon
Misic struck him In the face. Both tha
young men decided to have recourse to
the "American" duel, when a white and
black ball are placed in a bag and
drawn for. Mlslo was unlucky enough
to draw the fatal black ball, which eia
nifled his death within a year. A few
days before this date fell due he re
ceived a letter from his adversary
warning him of the approaching date.
Punctually on the appointed day he
took leave of his friends and relatives
and took a Journey td a place called
Neutra, where his own father had pre
viously committed suicide. Thers he
shot himself.
Our own American conception of an
"American duel" does not agree with
this romantic scheme of self-destmo
tlon. j
There's Nothing Wew ' -'1
The delicate operation of trepfclnin*
was known to "the Neolithic- age."
when men lived In eaves and fought
with stone hammers, says the Ne*
York World. Savage tribes perform
the same operation to-day. Eighty per
cent of the cases treated in New Britain
with a piece of stone or shell as a sur
geon's knife recover. v
George Washington's famous set of
false teeth, which fitted so badly that
they gave his mouth the square look
noted In his later portraits, were almost
the only ones in the country In iha
day. v The art of making them had
been rediscovered for perhaps the hun
dredth time by a French doctor. Yet
false teeth have been found in Etr r
can graves made long before the his
toric period.
The newest model of "double sauce
pan," to prevent food from burning
while being cooked, has been dug up
In the ruins of Pompeii.
An ancient vase in a Roman museum.
made no one knows when, and repre
senting Homer's heroes resting during
the period of the Trojan war, repre
sents one of the young fellows as busy
with a "punching bag" hung at the
limb of a tree.
'Answers to Queries.
NAPOLEON'S EYES— Enq., City.
The histories and lives of Napoleon I
do not make any mention of the color
of the eyes of the "Little- Corporal."
SOLE SURVIVOR— Subscriber. City.
The' sole survivor of the commanders
of the great armies of the Civil War
Is Major General O. O. Howard, now
73 years of age.
DIVORCE— Subscriber, San Jose, Cal.
Under the old law in California & per
son obtaining a divorce could not mar
ry within a year in the State . tter the
decree of divorce. Under the present
law a person cannot obtain a decree of
divorce until one year after the court
has decided to grant the divorce. After
the decree Is made of record the di
vorcee Is at liberty to marry again.
BORDER STATES— A. E. a, Saa
Jose, Cal. "Border States'* was & name
applied to the slave States of Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky and Mis
souri as lying next to free States, and
sometimes North Carolina, Tennessee
'and Arkansas were Included In that
term. Of the border States only Vir
ginia, North Carolina, Tennessee and
Arkansas seceded.
TRI-COLOR— Subscriber, City. Tri
color Is a national emblem of three col
ors. The tri-color took its rise at ths
outbreak of the French revolution as
the badge of the National Guard. The
red and blue were selected as the arms
of France and the White was added as
the color of the array to show the Inti
mate union which should subsist be
tween the people and the armed force.
THE "A. B." PLOT— A. E. S.. San
Jose, Cal. The "A. B." plot was one to
destroy William Harris Crawford's pop.
ularity and political power by accusing
him In 1824 of malfeasance in the office
of Secretary of the Treasury, which he
then filled. A series of letters appeared
in a Washington newspaper signed "A.
B." reflecting upon Crawford's integ
rity and asking for an investigation.
Ninan Edwards, who had just been ap
pointed to the Mexican mission, admit
ted the authorship of the letters. After
an examination Edwards failed to sus
tain his charges and Crawford was ex
onerated.
ENLISTMENT IN NAVY— Citizen.
City. The terra of enlistment of all
enlisted men of the navy i 3 four years.
Minors over the age of eighteen may
be enlisted without the consent, of
parents or guardians, but minors un
der, but claiming to be over eighteen
years of age, are liable, If enlisted, to
punishment for fraudulent enlistment
Only such persons shall be enlisted as
can reasonably be expected to remain
In the service. Every person, before
being enlisted, must pass the physical
examination prescribed In the medical
instructions. Applicants for enlistment
must be American citizens, able to read
and write English, and when enlisted
must take the oath of allegiance.
Townscnd's California" glace fruits and
candies. SOc a pound. In artistic tlre-
etcned boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special information .supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tht»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •ADVEBTISE2£ENTS.
>^vCJ.A^V_/HH il \1' xT
r~ ■ — = fr
Washable fabrics
Exhibition Gf some very high-class mate-
rials, including Linen Voiles, Figured Brussels
Net, Chiffon Organdies and Scotch Aladras.
Woolen Dress Goods
Spring importation now ready for inspec-
tion; includes some strikingly new effects-
Crepe Etoile, Crepe de Soie and Crepe Duch-
esse will be leading fabrics.
Tweeds in new mixtures 50c upward
Ctamines in all shades 50c upward
Fancy Tweeds for street wear, $1.25, $1.75
(EG inches wide.)
Silk NoveStSes
Second importation new Chiffon Foulards,
exclusive novelties in suit lengths; Pongee in
fancy and Plisse effects; soft-tinish chedes for
Shirt-Waist Suits; latest styles in Louisines,
Taffetas and Shantung,
Art Rooms
These rooms will be found very attractive,
every article having been re-marked, and any
one looking for a gift suitable for an engage-
ment or a wedding may secure a Genuine Work
of Art at a reasonable price. The collection of
handsome pieces of Furniture and fine Bronzes
is of very special interest.
GBove SpeciaB
200 dozen Ladies' 2-dasp White*Kid,-$I.OO pr.
DRESSMAKING TO ORDER, TOP FLOOR.
/ Cor.Post & Kearnv Sts«>
Feminine Extremes.
It is in fashions that femininity,
famous for its extremes, displays the
most surprisingly Filly contrasts.
Take, for instance, the way the ladies
decorate their shoulders and dress their
feet. The average woman with- the
means to dress as she pleases will cover
her shoulders with furs that may cost
anywhere from 55 up to $500. while she
•will settle the footwear problem with a
pair of paper-soled shoes that are not
likely to exceed a valuation of $3 or $4.
With her ehoulders arrayed in affluence
Bhe will trip the streets in snow and
slush, her thin-soled, thin-topped shoes
affording only the slightest possible
protection and warmth. It is almost
the eame as wearing no shoes at all.
Fuffer? Of course, she does, but that is
of no consequence. She could not wear
large, heavy snow and water proof
boots, or even clumsy rubbers. That
would be much more painful than the
cold.
All ■women do not commit this India- [
cretion, but the majority of them do.
Why? "Well, why do women do a great
many things that are entirely Inexpli
cable?—Baltimore Herald-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For a Short Time Only
S5O.CO rrcxUh cf C&rpati. Paraituro. e tc.. $5.00 ca«h. 81.00 per week.
B7&O9 wcxtb of Carpets. Furniture, etc., S7.50 cash. S1.50 per week.
SICS.00 vrox-ia of Carpets. Furaltar*. etc., SXO.CO cash, S2.00 per weet.
Siro.CO worth of Carpet*. Furniture, etc., S15.00 cash. $2.50 per week.
Payments can he mafle ncnthly if desired.
As this exceptionally liberal proposition is to be withdrawn in • a
very short time, you may still have the opportunity of taking advantage
of it. by making application during this offer and having the goods de-
livered when you are ready for them, at the same terms.
Positively. no interest charged' or accepted on accounts.
Our credit fystcin is the roost liberal in existence. Information in
reference to credit cheerfully given. • /.;•; v.
SPECIAL WHILE THEY LAST
Best quality Mattress
J ' r ~ pj <Js5». /^t /^'y* J KSf
Xo telephone or mail orders accepted.
1 0 OrUBHITURE CD. 342 I U^ 1 W I B
Queer Legal Sentences.
The courts In two States have at
tempted to answer a question that has
been perplexing the jurists and patriots
— namely, what can be done to re
lieve the judicial system of the stigma
put upon it by the inadequacy of pun
isments in the case of crime? The first
case is presented by a court In Texas,
where a Judge cannot impose a death
sentence. Allen Brown, a negro con
victed of attempted assault, has been
sentenced in the District Court of
Cherokee County to 1000 years In the
penitentiary. If his time is reduced
two months a year for good behavior
Brown will be a free man in A. D. 2738.
California furnishes the other in
stance. John H. Wood, leader of the
convicts who escaped from the Folsom
penitentiary last summer, and who
was convicted of murder In the second
degree. Judge Hart did not impose
another punishment, but ordered the
prisoner to appear one hundred years
from that date and receive sentence. In
both cases the Judges felt that the
emergency called for something excep
tional, and they did the best their lim
ited knowledge of the law indicated as
suitable. — New York Herald.
Railway traveling is tolerably safe in
England. Of every 9,211,002 passengers
in 1902 only one was killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 3904.
MRS. MAYBRICK
STILL CAPTIVE
As an Inmate of the Home of
the Sisters of the Epiphany
She Is Jealously Guarded
IDENTITY IS HIDDEN
Woman Will Be Kept in Seclu
sion With Abridged Privi
leges Until Release in July
LONDON, Feb. 6. — Mrs. Maybrick is
serving out the last few month3 of her
life sentence for the killing of her hus
band in the quiet country home of the
Sisters of the Epiphany at Truro,
Cornwall, under an assumed name and
with her identity completely hidden.
She is guarded from communication
with the outside world as jealously as
if she were still in Aylesbury prison.
Though the fresh Cornwall air is
bringing the color back to her cheeks,
the strain of her fourteen years of
confinement, commencing with the .im
position of the death sentence, passed
under the severe discipline of various
prisons, is still evident in her care
worn look. She takes her meal3 in
silence and is not allowed to converse
except on religious topics during the
day. At tea time, when for an in
terval the sisters are permitted to talk
of mundane things, Mrs. Maybrick re
tires to her own room. She must be in
bed by 9 o'clock. No newspapers are
allowed her and only such books as
are given her by the sisters. She will
remain in charge of the sisters until
she Is released next July, though be
fore that time, when the weather im
proves, she will be removed probably
to the convalescent home under the
same management, which is located in
one of the wildest spots on the Cornish
coast.
In her present sanctuary Mrs. May
brick appears to be happy by com
parison. Many members of the Eng
lish aristocracy are inmates of the
home and hence Mrs. Maybrick's ar
rival caused no corrfment. She was
driven from the Truro railroad sta
tion to the home in Miss Dalrymple's
private carriage and remained in
strict incognito for nearly a fortnight.
The acting mother superior is one of
the few who know of the identity of
the visitor and she guards her from
all interviews with a vigilance worthy
an old time abbess. ' This sister ab
solutely refused to convey a letter or
a message to Mrs. Maybrlck from a
representative of the Associated
Press. A rescue home for fallen girls
and a laundry, foi- their employment
is carried on in connection with the
Epiphany convent.
Mrs. Maybrick's somewhat anoma
lous Btatus was explained as follows
to the Associated Press representa
tive by one of the chief officials of the
Epiphany order:
"Mrs. Maybrick is still a- prisoner
and has not even been released on
ticket of leave. Those in charge of
her are practically her jailers and all
communication with her is forbidden
except through the Home Secretary."
These appear to be the official in
structions which accompanied .Mrs.
Maybrlck on her departure from the
Aylesbury prison. No prison warden
Is with Mrs. Maybrick, the sisters be
ing implicitly entrusted with her safe
keeping, which fact is generally re
garded as constituting an unprece
dented indulgence to a prisoner.
The Baroness de Roques will, it is
expected, come to Truro later on, that
she may be near her daughter.
SENT INSPECTOR TO SEE
TEXAS POSTMISTRESS
Assistant P. M. General Brlslow Won
dcring Whether He Will Get Re
port 6r Rend of Funeral.
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow received information recently
from the Sheriff in a little town in
Texas which caused him immediately
to order a postofflce inspector to visit
the place and investigate conditions In
the postofflce there. Mr. Bristow isn't
exactly sure whether he Is goine to
hear from the inspector or read an ac
count in some newspaper of his ob
sequies. He is hoping for the best,
however.
According to the Sheriff's letter, the
citizens of the little Texas town would
like to have the Postmistress "toned
down." He explains that the presid
ing genius of the office has undertaken
to improve the manners of the resi
dents of the town, which he admits
are somewhat ragged from disuse. But
the means adopted to attain this praise
worthy end are considered rather harsh.
The Postmistress will not permit any
citizen of the town to enter the office
with his hat on, and when the Mayor,
or the Sheriff, or some more humble
resident is a' trifle forgetful and strolls
up to the counter with his head cov
ered the Postmistress enforces her de
sire with a brace of Colt's 45s.
"We don't set up any claim that our
manners»«are all they should be," says
the Sheriff, "but we'*! like to be reas
oned with and helped along. The Post
mistress here Is a worthy woman, all
right, and there ain't a thing against
her character, but she certainly is rude
and hasty.
"There's another thing we don't think
Is fair. The Postmistress ■ won't let
niggers and greasers come In the office
under any consideration. We ain't over
fond of niggers and greasers ourselves,
but it is sure discommoding for the
leading citizens to have to go to the
postoffice personally to get the mail
Just because this lady don't like to see
anything but a gentleman."
Mr. Bristow thought the case de
served consideration and dispatched an
Inspector to the scene.— Washington
Btaf.
Disaffection in the Dutch Army.
A soldier in the garrison of Amster
dam recently refused to return to arms
owing to cosclentious scruples, and was
condemned bv the Haarlem court-mar
tial to three months' imprisonment.
The incident has aroused much indig
nation among anti-militarists. Com-'
mittees were formed in different towns
to defend the soldier's interests, and
pamphlets were scattered broadcast
throughout the country upholding his
attitude.
The episode has attracted much at
tention in , the' press, and it has been
proposed as a solution to transfer the
soldier in question to the infirmary de
partment. There has been a noticeable
Increase lately of such casp3 in the
Dutch army.— New York Commercial.
MAKING READY
FOR CONVENTION
Suh-Coinmitteo'.of- the National
Republican Body Concludes
Its Work of Preparation
SEATING PLANS COMPLETED
Chicago's Coliseum Will Be
Provided With Good Accom
modations for the Gathering
CHICAGO, Peb. 6. — The sub-com
mittee of the National ' "Republican
Committee, which has been making
preliminary preparations for the Na
tional Republican Convention to be
held in Chicago June 21, concluded its
"work to-day arid adjourned.
The sub-committee spent most of
the day in discussing the seating ar
rangements of the Coliseum. On the
projection of the" platform near the
speakers will be seats for the chair
man of the national committee, the
chairman of the convention and the
sergeant at arms. Back of them, on
a platform elevated 4% feet, come the
flfty-one members of tlie national com
mittee. Back of them has been ar
ranged an incline with 460 seats for
distinguished guests, party leaders,
etc. The press circle, accommodating
about 230 men, is arranged in a semi
circle around the speakers' stage and
the platform occupied by the national
committee. Press seats will be allotted
only to press representatives actually
telegraphing reports 'of the progress
of the convention. All tickets and
badges for the convention, including
those for reporters, delegates, alter
nates, etc., will be given out by the
sergeant at arms at the headquarters
of the committee on arrangements at
the Auditorium Annex on June 20, the
day before the convention.
The allotment of press tickets.
Stone explains, to actual newspaper
reporters, excludes absolutely repre
sentatives of trade papers, weekly
journals and the like. Applications
for seats in the press section, it is an
nounced, must be addressed at Ser
»cant at Arms Stone at the Custom
house, Baltimore.
History of Abyssinia.
Abyssinia, an African empire
known to the ancients as Ethiopia, Is
rapidly rising in importance, indus
trially and commercially. It Is situ
ated In the eastern part of Africa, and
is presided over by an emperor with
the title, "Negus Negusti," which sig
nifies "king of kings." The present
ruler is Menelik II. born In 1842, a
man of rather remarkable character
and singular clear-headedness for one
so far separated from the outside in
fluence of the civilized world. After a
long and eventful career, Menelik suc
ceeded in securing the independence
of his country by a 'treaty signed at
Adis-Abeba, August 26, 1896. Up to
the present time the different states
and provinces of Abyssinia are ruled
over in a manner almost feudal by
governors, called rases. Each ras has
his own military force. The total army
of the empire amounts to 150.0QQ men,
all of-^'-whom *are supposed to be
mounted .and armed with rifles ob
tained from the Italians or imported
in recent years from other countries.
Baltimore American.
Hildesheim (Hanover) Town Coun
cil has decided to preserve the ancient
appearance of its streets by ordering
that all new private buildings must be
in the seventeenth century German
style. .
_" ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVE YOUR STOMACH
A NICE VACATION*
Don't Do It by Starving It Either.
Let a Substitute Dd the Work.
The old adage, "All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy," applies
Just as well to the stomach, one of the
most important organs of the human
system, as it does to the man himself.
If your stomach is worn out and
rebels against being further taxed be-
yond its limit, the only sensible thing
you can do is to give it a rest. Em-
ploy a substitute for a short time and
see if it will not more than repay you
in results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a
willing and most efficient substitute.
They themselves digest every bit of
food in the stomach in Just the same
way that the stomach itself would .
were it well. They contain all the es-
sential elements that the gastric juice
and other digestive fluids of the
stomach contain and actually act Just
the same and do Just the same work as
the natural fluids would do, were the
stomach well and sound. They there-
fore relieve the stomach, just as one
workman relieves another, and permit
It to rest and recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength.
This "vacation" idea was suggested
by the letter of a prominent lawyer in
Chicago. Read what he says: "I was
engaged in the most momentous un-
dertaking of my life in bringing about
the coalition of certain great interests
that meant much to me as well as my
clients. It was not the work of days,
but of months; I was working night
and day almost, when at a very critical
time my stomach "went clear back on
me. The undue mental strain brought
it- about and hurried up what would
have happened later oni
"What I ate I had to literally force
down and that was a source of misery,
a» I had a sour stomach much of the
time. My head ached, I was sluggish
and began to lose my ambition to
carry out my undertaking. It looked
! pretty gloomy for me and I confided
my plight to one of my clients. He
had been cured, by. Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and at once went down to a
drug store and brought a box up to
the office.
"I had not taken a quarter of that
box before I found that they would do
all, the work my stomach ever did;
and as a rest or vacation was out of
the question for me, I determined to
give my stomach a vacation. I kept
right on taking the tablets and braced
ui> and went ahead with my work with
renewed visor, ate just as much as I
ever did and carried out that under-
taking, to a successful issue. I feel
that I have Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
to thank for saying me the handsomest
fee I ever received, as well as my repu-
tation, and, last but not least, my
stomach." -
, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
ASVEBTISEMENTS.
. ' ., . , ■ ■■■■■■■ IBM ■■ "™"
: =ffl^B( a not ' wh y not ' You are sure ty not g°i n » to a u° w ° ne
of the greatest book opportunities of modern times to pass by
, / unheeded !
= i. During the past few months, in which the American
(M^dia&l^^^^^i^^ I Newspaper Association has offered this unparalleled work di-
rect to readers at factory prices and on the little payment plan,
(]ll^U!^L^§i(l^ ( more than 50,00 sets of 31 volumes each have been shipped to
j^g^Si^ffi^^^^ffiBggA all parts of the country! That means over
ffflmHgJ One and One-Half Million BooKs!
ml^^^^l^ilfnimtl^^ 1 Are any of these books — the product of the greatest of
record-breaking sales — now open to help YOU?
JlSllffl^£iiin&9^ % The merit of BRITANNICA has lon S since become a
: (^ = MMl i ; fig it ' : = m att"" of history. The greatest scholars for one hundred
years have labored to make it the one great international
= : (li| Sil ;^ ; si^-= II J^ > storehouse of knowledge. j
jPS^^^Il^^ To-day"lhe newly revised Twentieth Century Edition es-
SF^ :^^^^^l=(tfi = t tablishes the high- water mark of Encyclopaedia making. It
gives the latest word on every variety of subject. It is
■; A Liberal Education
ui^IfluIIlxll^JlfsLU lffl[i0^^ \ * n Philosophy* Science, Biography, History, Inventions,
1^^^.^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Trades and Professions. The man, woman or child who con-
il^Tf gl / i»' iWlll^ l~jlil[ ( suits its pages is better equipped for life work.
That is whv BRITANNICA volumes are being printed
//fff/g^ff ll^ul(u ! fu^^ L ky c millions, and why one of the largest bookbinderies in
a^^^^^ j^^ fllil B^^ t^ ie United States can hardly keep pace with the demand. ji
Price Soon to Advance.
V\\\ ' )) jffirHJpl SJ O n account °f the increased cost of materials and labor,
I (([■%.( IMM ((-^ |f (( -%•([ (f(f • I^L^ th c price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced at an early
\^^^^^^^^^mp^^^^l date. We have, however, arranged that this increase in price
[l(LiLllM§l[x.ll^l[b%-(l (({((Uzz&r _^sk shall not go into effect until the present printing is exhausted.
lilt *" 1 js »j : B^S^^^^T '^
Wf^^^^H Send the Inquiry Coupon NOW!" .
lJ[±M^¥l} ±lHflJ±Ji\ I lUe^ - A It will bring full particulars and handsome specimen
\^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ pages without cost. But do not delay. Cut out the coupon
/f/1 lie Muu^uiuum^^ \ before you lay aside this paper and send it to us.
S^^^Sw^uffllB^ IF US ? D PROMPTLY it will not only entitle you to
/W'nMSnnsfHiiluW^^ A the Half-Price Offer, but also to a special bookcase for hold-
yMI|M(^^ffl^^ ing the books.
B^^^^^ ~~~ i
/EjL^SZE^-^ '^MoL^? ■ WHAT IS SAID OF IT: \
VffF^ff V #<It Js without a peer In the whole noble array cf er.eyclopae- |
UlL^M IM^allXlt^i^li^l /& dias"— LYMAX ABBOTT. D. D.
yiyjfe ppii^l ms^^^^~^i^^^^\ "The Encyclopaedia Brit.innica is king of ita tribe." —
Is. PROF. DAVID SWING.
X^^^^j^^W'^^W^&mW^^^^^}' "H all other books were destroyed, the Bible except^d. ths
\lll|l S^^S^nSSl^M^f ]liM2r^ JF=^ world would lose but little of Its information."— SPCKGEO.V.
wiS»^^^|l^^^B I ROOKCASF FI?FF I
• :f/jU!afg%g^^^= A limited number of Bookcaits will b« rives frea of cfcarira to
V^3:$^^.t^Vk^pCfA^^^^in^*^ ;- -' San Trancisco Call readers who respond promptly. The Coupon ■
• • \ k i j ltfSffl.ffllft*3F^ f^^ below will be known as the Booicase Ccupcn and should to '.
ik . ".•>■•, fJSTCut Out ancFMail This Coupon To- Day
31 massive Volumes. "~f < . _ 9 *; . J
Weight Over 200 Pounds Fop Particulars of Our Great Offer to Call Readers.
31 Volumes in All. -»••.«. »f •
25 volumes Ninth Edition. The American Newspaper Association.
6 Volumes American Additions. Parrott Building. San Francisco. Cal. '
1 Volume Guide to Systematic
Readings of the WHoie Work. < _^ Please send me free of charge sample pages and full 1
— — """"""" particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
$j Secures This Entire Bet _^^^_ nnn \
■H of the ponj. 5
I New 20th Century Edition Name Street j
h You can pay the balance Tni,,*, r*«««*« c+«*. ;
H at the rate of only lOca I OWE ...;.. .-.County State
I / day fora short time. | SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
FINDS RELICS
IN THE NORTH
Montana 3Ian. Makes Discovery
of Ancient Engineering Work
Near the Great Slave Lake
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOZBMAN, Mont., Feb. 6. — An
nouncement has been made here to
day of the discovery of extensive pre
historic engineering work in British
North America. The discovery was
made by Alexander S. Christie Sr., a
well-known civil engineer of this city,
who now is engaged In writing an ex
tensive article on the work. The relics
were found near McLeods Bay at the
northeastern end of the Great Slave
Lake.
\ The work is excavated in a solid
rock formation and it is covered sys
tematically with rock-cut inscriptions,
in great part still legible. Christie
made a partial exploration and
brought away copies of a large body of
inscriptions and a record of forty-six
measurements. He since has suc
ceeded in establishing the fact that
the inscriptions purely are alphabetic
and in several Instances has solved
their meaning. He expects soon to re
turn and remain a year or more.
The Cliarm of Neatness.
There is an exquisite charm about a
neatly dressed woman. She does not
wear her hair twisted up carelessly,
as If just about to fall over her shoul
ders. Her gloves are not ripped at
the seams, nor are any buttons miss
ing from her boots. Her veil does not
reveal a hole over her chin, nor does
the binding, of her skirt show ragged
in places.
Not many women show, their tidi
ness in all these little details, but it is
a pleasure to meet the girl or woman
who ls/to. use a slang term, "well
groomed." The cloth gown of such a
woman fit* her without a -crease, and
there is neither speck nor spot on it.
Her linen collar and cuffs are snowy
white and remain properly fixed in
their places. Her gloves do not
Avrinkle, but button smoothly over her
wrists. Her shoes are kept clean and
polished. Her bonnet or hat is pinned
on straight and her hair is neatness it
self. She is the picture of delicate
finish and wholesome order. Would
that we 'could come across her some
what oftener! — Washington Star.
Orders have recently been executed In
Japan for a supply of fishing nets. for
Alaska, valued at ?30,000.
Best Government.
Birmingham has been able to boast
of being the best governed city In the
kingdom ever since the days when Jo
seph Chamberlain was confining his en
ergies to municipal management. But
now the vexed question of liquor li
censes has brought a reaction against
the reform movement For nearly a
decade Arthur Chamberlain has been
deputy chairman of the magisterial
bench, and therefore, according to cus
tom,, the chairman of the licensing
committee. During a large portion of
that time he has been working for
the suppression of unnecessary licenses
and against the principle of regarding
an annual license as a perpetual per
mission to traffic in liquor. The whole
forces of trade have been gathered to
carry Mr. Chamberlain's position; and
during his absence from England In
search of health he has been turned out
of his deputy chairmanship by a two
thirds majority of his colleagues.
Colombia has had seven constitutions,
and the title of the republic has been
changed three times.
25 to 50 per cent reductions on a great variety
of Jardinieres, Decorated China, Cut Glass,
Lamps, Glassware, Kltchenware. : : : : '.:'
HERE ARE A FEW REDUCTIONS:
ART DEPi: .gfe CUT CUSS DEPT.
Jardinieres 23 to 5 0 per cent off Bon Boa Dishes and Fruit Bowls,
Jardinieres and Pedsstals, 25 per cent off " T 20 per cent off
Bohemian Glass Vases, ! Bohemian Glass Bawls, 20 per cent off
25 to 50 per cent off LAMP DEPT.
DECORATED CHINA DEPT. Decorated Lampi with Globes
c .,, c . . -, -*, to match onc-tnlra oft
Plates.'....'. -..25 percent off GLASSWARE DEPT.
Decorated China Cups and Saucers, Table Glassware, including Bowls.
25 per cent off Olive Dish: s, etc one-third off
KITCHBNWARB DBPAR TMBNT.
A rare chance ts furnish your Kitchen with the most camplsti line of high
gnde goods at greatly reduced prices. Here is one of many specia's:
Double Coated Agateware * one-quarter off
I 12,2.-132. S U TTER ST. >3
351-361 B US H ST*>
General Chaff ee's Way of Working.
The Buffalo Commercial says that
every army officer who has served In
the West in the old days of Indian
fighting has his story to tell about
Lieutenant General Chaffee. When the
Apaches were on the warpath years
ago he was a captain of the Sixth Cav
alry. Just as he was ready to leave to
round up a lot of the Indians he called
at the post telegraph office.
"Have you any further orders for
me?" he asked.
"No, sir," the operator replied. "Ths
wires are not working very well to
day."
"I am not surprised." said Chaffee. as
he turned to order his advance; "I had
them cut early this morning. I don't
need any humanitarian Instructions
from Washington."— New York Tri
bune.
According to statistics 150.000 persona
ga from New Jersey to Manhattan and
return in a day.
3334
ADVE-t-XSEHDENTSk _ J _,._ V . .....'.'..
©50O000e000O00©0C0©00CG03QG0«0O00000C©OQOG©OO
I ...INVENTORY SALE... I
S FINAL WEEK BEGINS TO-MORROW. |
O We have taken the inventory of our stock. This thorough going e
A over developed some wonderful bargains. Here they are. g
O The sale closes Saturday night. Better come early in the week. 0
• • Choosing will be better. , ■ ■ g
8 F $1.00 SILKS 57c YARD ~| I
o All White Corded Louisines, suitable for waists or evening 0
5 dresses; width 20 inches. These will be offered with the balance ©
9 of those fancy silks to which we have made some splendid addi- ©
• tions. both in stripes and checks, also in plain taffetas and many ©
g different weaves. They are regularly worth from 75c to CZJq g>
2 $1.25 per yard. Special price, yard ©
% BlacK Talfeta SOKs 89c Yard %
% 27-ineh extra heavy rich Black Taffeta Silk, regularly QQ C ©
© sold at $1.50 a yard. Special price, yard %J '^ *** ©
1 ...DRESS GOODS SPECIALS... I
S 50c and 60c French Chaffies 39c Yard S
• Anon; them are some neat rosebud and floral designs with a • i
• pretty silk stripe effect; fast colors: suitable for summer waists, g
2 children's dresses, tea gowns, etc Regularly 50c and 60c per 3Qq q
0 y2rd. Special price, yard is-si* q
% 75c VoUc Etammcs 50c Yard g
O These are the all-wool, double-width kind; colors heliotrope, ©
• pearl gray, sea green, oxblood, goblin, navy, champagne, biscuit, O
• cream and black; excellent value at 75c yard. Special CQ C %
• price • |J
o 50c German Henriettas 23c Yard g
Mostly in evening shades, such as sky and baby blue, cardinal, g
0 coral pink, ruby red, cream and shrimp; a fine twill silk finished q
O quality; width 37 inches; regularly sells at 50c yard. Spe- o o _ ©
• cial price ©
S $L00 Bradford Mohairs 49c Yard %
• In an assorted lot of widths and colors, but all regular $1.00 O
© quality; made in England; extra heavy iron frame; widths 46, 48 and ••
2 50 inches; a pnre wool and mohair alpaca that will make a splendid 2
2 shirt waist suit; colors silver gray, national blue, radium, gar- A Of Q
q net, russet brown and a rich fast black. Special price, yard.. '*>'*' q
2 25c Kimona Handkerchiefs 15c Each %
O Kimona Handkerchiefs. The rage at the present time. Take four ©
0 of the fanciest handkerchiefs you can get and make a beautiful ki- •
• mona. We have a splendid assortment of patterns to choose from; •
J Persian patterns in blue and red with designs running well into S
x centers: also Indian heads, roses, chrysanthemums and daisy de- $£
q signs. We have them made up for your inspection; regularlj' /C/~» 9
0 sold for 25c each. Special price i«7C q
• 50c Vclour Cushion Tops 35c Each |
O 500 Velour Cushion Tops, in beautiful Persian and Roman de- •
• signs and floral and conventional designs in reds, greens, OtZ r ®
• browns, blues, etc; excellent value at 50c each. Special price. *jOL/ O
o 15c Figured Swiss 9c Yard o
Figured Swiss, full 40 inches wide; splendid quality; suitable for 9 \
2 bedroom curtain^ and sash curtains; sold regularly at 15c Q _, JZ l
a yard. Special price -'*' £
• $L50 Swiss Curtains 89c Pair %
0 Swiss Curtains in beautiful designs, stripes and figures, both. O
• ruffle and fluted borders; good value at $1.50 pair. Special OQ^, ©
© price OyC c$
S ....NEW ARRIVALS.... %
O We have just received a line of the very newest effects in figured ®
J? Madras. Dotted, Figured and Striped Swiss in plain white and in col- ?
2 ors. Also the latest in fancy fish net, both in white and Arabian S
q shades — all at remarkably low prices. q
g Rcady-to-Wear Garments , g
ff This is yonr !ast opportunity to select from our stock of Coats, ©
O Skirts and Waists and save nearly half. The sale positively closes G
© this week. Don't delay your visit. ©
g Suits g
© $25.00 Suits reduced to 913.75 ©
® $3300 Suits reduced to §19.75 g
© Coats ©
g S10.00 Coats reduced to £4.5O g
9 $20.00 Coats reduced to •. $13.75 q
g SKirts g
O $4.00 Walking Skirts reduced to q
O $6.00 Walking Skirts reduced to O
• $8.50 Dress Skirts reduced to ...$6.OO •
g Waists S
£ S3.00 Flannel Waists reduced to $1.05 ©
q $3-5° Alpaca Waists reduced to $2.43 r
• Petticoats g
© $2.00 Black Sateen Petticoats reduced to g
O $8.00 Black Taffeta Petticoats reduced to $6.OO q
© ©
O * e— *^in5-IO7-IQ9PQST ST. ' -^Iqa^^^a^^, &
©©•o©ootttt©o—oo©ooo©Qcaa©«o©©©©oao©©aa©Ott©0QS
Shoots Himself in Thigh.
George Stevens, a painter living at
601 Natoma street. Quarreled with his
wif e early yesterday morning and dur
ing the excitement a .22 caliber re
volver -was accidentally discharged
and the bullet Btruck Stevens on the
thlph. inflicting a slight wound. Stev
ens 'waa taken to tlie Central Emer
gency Hospital by friends to have his
■wound attended to. Detectives Bun
ner and Freel were detailed on the
case, but after ascertaining the facts
fild not ir.ake any arrest.
Complains of Ix>velTs Jfcglect.
Agnes G. Lovell yesterday sued her
husband. C W. Lovell, for support
She says he has not provided for her
or their three children for more than
a year. She asks for $15 a week.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OO0000C0000e00QQ000Ge090QQ009000000000<909®eCQ
! Armand Cailleau, Inc. I
o ••• jl LrfW'JL/jL.Lrf ••• 0
• 50 Doz. New Waists I
§ Good Values $250, $3.00 and $4.00 •
S On Sale at $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00 S
o • _ • e
I 250 Tailor Suits I
§ THIS SEASON'S BEST MODELS. 2
% Were $20.00, $27. JQ, S3J.00, $42. JO 8
S and SJO.OO. 2
I REDUCED TO I
I $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00 and $25.00 |
I 112=114=116 Kearny St 1
cooooocoocoo©oo«oe«c©eacceoooooo3«o0eoea©eoo©
Seeks Damages for Detention.
Charles H. Rogers and George W.
and Teresa Shriner are the defendants
in a suit for $30,000 damages for false
imprisonment filed yesterday by Oc
tavine Tabor. The plaintiff charges
that the defendants on January 31 last
caused her to be restrained of her lib
erty for three hours In the office of
Captain of Detectives Martin by false
ly accusing her of stealing a watch.
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
Use But * South. Bekln'e. 11 Montgomery «C •
Tosemite's Leap Year Party.
Tosemite Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West will
give a leap year party on Saturday
evening next in Mission Opera Hall.
The committee annunces that the leap
year rules will be strictly observed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO/CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7. 1904.
AGED PRIEST ACCUSES
DR. THOMAS BRENNAN
Father Grey, Lying on Sick Bed, Tells Police Judge
Fritz That the Physician Took $37,000 Belong
ing to Him— Defendant Is Released on Bail
Dr. Thomas F. Brennan was before
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
mulcting an aged Catholic priest, Rev.
Father P. J. Grey, out of $37,524 13.
Under the stress of illness he claims
to have confided to Brennan most of
his property interests, which con
sisted principally of a deposit of more
than $37,000, which the aged priest
had In the Hibernia Bank.
In order to obtain the real facts
Judge Fritz held court in Father
Grey's room yesterday afternoon and
heard the story 'of 'the priest. Age had
dulled his memory of the tran
sactions within the last few years, but
he was thoroughly clear on the char
ity he said he had extended to Bren
nan during the years of the physician's
early struggles. For such efforts, he
said, he expected better returns , iri
gratitude. Brennan, he said, had
conducted the priest's private business
in many ways. When the priest was
asked to sign a paper by Brennan he
did so, he claims, .without distrust and
sometimes without knowing its con
tents. Last September he learned
that four checks, which he claims he
signed without knowledge of their
purport, were presented' to the'Hiber
nia Bank, withdrawing all the funds
he had there. I
The bank officials have been sub
penaed and will be witnesses in the
case. - , . -
Brennan is out on bail of $5000,
which was fixed by Judge Cabaniss
after Judge Fritz had placed his se
curity at $5Q,000 cash, or $100,000
bonds.
•% * •
Niccolo Postine, who was ordered
into custody for perjury by Judge
Conlan because he told such evident
untruths in the preliminary hearing
of Giovanni Rossi and Francisco Fos
sa, charged with the murder of Vin
censo Lavaginino, was released by
Judge Mogan yesterday. Judge Con
lan refused to affix his signature to a
complaint against the accused man
'and the District Attorney took no in
terest in the matter, so that prosecu
tion was hopeless. Under such' treat
ment perjury in police courts will be
come a popular pastime. •
John Lundgrin, the original man
from Missouri, who tempted the "top
and bottom game" and was ordered
into custody by Judge .Fritz for fear
that he would be dispersed in squads
at 'the temptations offered by his rob
bers, was given his liberty yesterday.
He told the Judge, under a strict
cross-fire of questions, that one of the*
alleged bunko men, "Con" Sullivan -by
name, whose record runs through
many a stone-flagged trail, with clink-
Ing steel to maintain it, made over
tures to reimburse him if he would
dip Into countries previously unknown
to him. ■ "':
Lundgrin - claims that he refused all
overtures of settlement, and intended
to prosecute the case thoroughly. On
this statement and a further one that
he was . in the way of securing a job
in a wholesale house he was allowed
his liberty. Sullivan, who is at large
on $1000 bonds, was not in court to
listen to the proceedings.
John Hanson was convicted of dis
turbing the peace by Judge Mogan yes
terday. He was accused of throwing
two bottles of Barbary Coast booze
at J. H. Price, a streetcar conductor
who guides the destinies' of a car that
plows its muddy way to the Pacific
Mail dock. The charge should have
been assault with a deadly weapon, but
the Prosecuting Attorney overlooked
the chemical part of the missiles.
Theodore TVolters, known among
criminals as the "Identification Kid"
and as a strong right arm for Sergeant
Tim Bainbridge, who has charge S of
the excellent Bertillion bureau for the
identification of criminals maintained
by the Police Department of San
Francisco, was in trouble yesterday.
Sergeant Brainbridge rushed down
from Judge Cabaniss' court and in
formed Wolters that a brother of the
latter had been given sixty, days for
being drunk in a public place.
Theodore burled his face in his hands
and sobbed. "I had a brother once —
a gracious boy!" he exclaimed, N "but
I don't know what became of the
&uy v "
He hurried to the prison, and, peer
ing through the iron bars, found in
the confined man a likeness that
startled him. A moment's conversa
tion convinced him that the prisoner
was not kin to him in any way. He
wandered back to the identification bu
reau with his faith sadly shattered in
regard to facial resemblances.
James Bailey, the cocaine fiend who
made a failure of a "get-away" by
plumping into the sinewed arms of
Deputy Coroner Jim Murphy, was
given three months in the County Jail
yesterday by Judge Mogan. Bailey
broke away from a policeman who had
him under arrest and did a dipping and
veering act around the Morgue build
ing that would have compelled a sea
gull to become a chicken for shame of
lack of speed and agility. He was
caught on the fly by Murphy, and in
the struggle to curb Bailey's flight the
Deputy Coroner received, a badly
smoked lamp.
BOY ARRESTED FOR
ROBBING EMPLOYERS
Charles Kletz Accused of Having
Stolen Boxes of Spool Silk for
Four Months.
Charles Kletz.. a boy 17 years of
age, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy, and
locked up in "the tanks" at the City
Prison. A charge of grand larceny
will be preferred against him as soon
as the officers have concluded their
investigation.
The boy, whose parents live at 270
Clara street, entered the employment
of the Carlson-Currier | Company, silk
manufacturers, 8 Sutter street, about
four months^ ago. Soon afterward
the firm became* aware of the fact that
boxes of spool silk were being stolen,
but the thief could not be discovered.
Suspicion fell upon Kletz and he was
discharged last week.
The p_olice were' notified and O'Dea
and Mulcahy found that a number of
the stolen boxes had been sold to a
second-hand dealer on Folsom street.
From the description of the boy who
sold the goods the detectives arrested
Kletz and he was Identified by the
dealer. • He admitted stealing the
boxes sold to the dealer, but no more.
The firm says that about 200 boxes
have been stolen, of the value of
$1400. The officers have recovered
about $600 worth so far. The boy
says he was alone in the thievery.
SWINDLER EWING GOES
TO SAX QtTENTIN TRISOX
Judge de Haven Sentences Him to
Fifteen Months' Confinement and
to Pay a Fine.
William B. Ewing was sentenced by
United- States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday, to be imprisoned for
fifteen months in the "penitentiary at
San Quentin and . to pay a fine of
$500. , He had been convicted of us
ing the - mails in the interest of the
Standard Oil Promotion and 1 Invest
ment Company, thereby, defrauding
many poor .women of their hard
earned, savings. In more than one
case it .was ; shown that he took the
widow's mite.
. Ewing's wife and young daughter
were present in court when sentence
was pronounced and they and the
prisoner were very much affected.
The women whom he had Impover
ished had returned to their homes in
Sacramento and Los Angeles.
The prisoner had hoped that the
County Jail of San Francisco or Ala
meda would be selected as the place
for his imprisonment, but his offense
was too flagrant for judicial mercy. I
HlSTORICAIi FURNITURE SAI/E
Lonjr to Be Remembered.
The Great Retiring Sale at Pattoslen
Company's now in progress will go down
in history as one of the greatest sales
heard of in America. Think of it! -Yes
terday all day the store had to be closed
so as to give the delivery department a
chance to ship goods which were bought
during the week; to give the furniture
department a chance to replenish stock
from the warehouse. In fact, the furni
ture, carpet and drapery departments
were all behind In sending out the goods
sold, in spite of the salespeople staying
every evening until 11 o'clock, and in
spite of having a double force of sales
men and a double force in the delivery
department.
This last sale of Pattosien Company
will be 'long remembered for the low
prices given.' t 4 • •
-.It is needless at this sale to mention
prices being the low prices, being prices
marked on "stock they speak for them
selves.
Next Monday the store will again open
at 9:30 a. m.. when proper attention will
be 'given to the many buyers. .
. "Watch our windows daily for new
bargains. PATTOSIEN COMPANY, .
. Sixteenth and Mission streets, •
Says Moody Was Vicious.
Chutes* Company is the defend
ant in- a suit for $10,000 damages
brought yesterday by Howard B. Lom
bard;** The plaintiff says he Is entitled
to monetary balm for injuries inflicted
upon him by John Moody, an employe,
of the defendant, last November. His
complaint contains the allegation
"that while peacefully, quietly and
lawfully viewing the monkeys at the
Chutes he was unlawfully, wrongfully,
willfully, maliciously, viciously and
forcibly struck upon the head by John
Moody."
Lawyers Overcrowd Courtroem.
The Supreme Court spent all day
yesterday listening to arguments in
the Adams-Hopkins suit over the So
brante tract in Alameda County. In
view of the number of lawyers who are
taking part in the contest It would
appear that the successful litigants ex
pect to be satisfied with the honor of
victory- Each of the numerous inter
ested parties has some claim, to which
none of the others will agree. The
case was finally ordered submitted on
briefs.
Murderers Not Sentenced.
When Mrs. Martha E. Bowers, con
victed of murdering her husband,
Martin L. Bowers, by administering
poison to him, appeared in Judge
Cook's court yesterday for sentence,
Attorney Frank G. Drury asked for a
week's continuance, which was grant
ed. A similar disposition was made
of the case of Victor Le Corvee, con
victed of stabbing and killing Victor
Le Meur on the French bark Vlrcinte
gorlx.
Wants His Clothes Back.
J. Li. Cunningham, 844 Harrison
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judgre Mogran yesterday for the arrest
of Henry von Arx on a charge of pet
ty larceny. ; He accuses Von Arx of
stealing a suit of clothes valued at
$50, which he gave him to be dyed,
Von Arx representing himself as agent
for dye works. V:^ " ".^ ;
Two Boy Thugs Sentenced.
George Ring and Fred Baclgalupl,
boys charged with robbery, were al
lowed to plead gnilty to petty lar
ceny in Judge Dunne's court yester
day and were sentenced to serve six
months in the County Jail. They held
up and robbed Joseph Frank of 36
Clay street on the night of October
29 of $7 35. They are bad boys and
have been in trouble before..
Sentenced for Burglary*
Lew Wing Lee, an ex-convict, who
was convicted of burglary In the sec
ond degree by a jury in Judge Law
lor's court, was yesterday sentenced to
serve five years in Folsom penitentiary.
There were two prior convictions
against him. He entered the room of
William Nevegold in the Hotel Men
tone, 901 Powell street, on August 19
and stole a quantity of jewelry.
Hotel Thieves Busy.
Reports of , thieves . in hotels
throughout the city are of frequent
occurrence. Yesterday J. L. Curry, a
guest at the Winchester House on
Third , street, reported that his. room
had been entered through the, hall
window during. his absence on Friday
and personal property and Jewelry of
the value of $150 stolen.
B.F.Stcll, dentist; I Hal* ht & Maaonlo an 1
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Oitvx Owe Entlxs Extra' Tint Col-
ltcticm of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS :
At 25 Per Cent
Discount frtm resrolar retail prtosa. ',
We are sola asent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S :
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
|Chas.M.Plum&Co.;
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts. \
* . • ■ . ■ *
m m m a . . »»»«»» ««■».»» ,,,,,,
EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
OFFICE OF CHIEF OF POLICE
Eerjreant J. H. Anderson, -well known for his
honesty and truthfulness, highly recommends
Mr. George Maycrle, the German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071 Market at., and writes the following
testimonial:
It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. George Mayerls of San Fran-
clico. I have been using glasses for the past
four years, and during that time have consulted
several opticians, but not until I bad consulted
Mr. George Mayerle and had him fit glasses to
my eyes did I get entire satisfaction. Most re-
spectfully, . - . • J. H. ANDERSON.
Sergeant of Police.
George Mayerle's glasses are far superior to
all others for reading or distance, weak eyes,
poor sight,- headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of
vision, floating spots, pain about the eyes, be-
hind the head or temples, nervousness, sore
eyes, discharging eyes, feeling like sand In the
eyes, ■■-crosseyes, burning, smarting, itching,
scratching, twitching 1 , gluey eyes, heavy eye-
lids, etc. Oorge Mayerle's Glasses are the
only ones Indorsed by the highest U. S. Army,
Navy and Government officials and many well
known citizens of San Francisco.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician, Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone South. 572. German Eyewater GOc;
by Mall 62c.
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT AFFECTS THE
BRAIN. George Mayerle's Glasses Strengthen
the Eye and Brain.
A NEW DISCOVERY.
• George Mayerle's German Eyeglass Cleaners
indispensable to Eyeglass or Spectacle Wear-
ers. 15c, 2 for 25c.
Xew Publication.
The first Issue of California Mod
erna, a paper devoted to the politics
and general interest of the Spanish
speaking population, appeared yester
day. It consists of sixteen pages of
advertising mattter and general com
ment. , The cover is embellished with
an excellent- halftone portrait of Don
Manuel Estrada Cabrera, president of
Guatemala. The paper is published
by the Mexican Mining Bureau and is
under the direction of Adolfo Carrillo.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.*
Loses His Diamond Ring.
Samuel Lerer, 385 N'nth street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Jo
seph Harris on a charge of felony
embezzlement He alleges that Har
ris called upon him, representing that
he was agent for a jewelry house, and
Lerer gave him a diamond ring valued
at 5150 to be repaired. Lerer says
that Harris has disappeared and ap
parently taken the diamond ring with
him.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Magnin's Advance Spring Styles
We are now showing advance styles for Women and Children. These new arrivals possess
the unmatchable good qualities that distinguish all our garments from those shown elsewhere.
LADIES' SPRING WAISTS I j CHILDREN'S and MISSES'
and SUMMER DRESSES! SLITS
TUB oUl 10 Charming modes of both imported and
''■''" ■","; v-Vj . , , domestic manufacture; made of the finest
Both imported and domestic models, texture whhe and m^ dzls;
made of the most fashionable materials; handsomely trimmed; styles not seen else-
stylishly trimmed; exclusive designs. where.
* I KILT 1 KNICKERBOCKER SUITS I
Just received an extensive variety of fashion-
able suits for the little men from i to 6 years of
age. These suits are made of the materials best
adapted for spring and summer wear. Styles ex-
clusive. Assortment unequaled.
' In addition, a special offering in our
WAIST DEPARTMENT ...
OXFORD WAISTS; imported material; Bulgarian effects; entirely new and exclusive
spring styles; all sizes; made in our own factory— to retail for ?S.3O Q.EZ f\f\
............;... ....' SPECIAL V^«UU
OXFORD WAISTS; English fabric; silk finish; Bulgarian designs; 1964 {>/> £-r|
models; all sizes; our own manufacture — made to sell for $10.50 SPECIAL *?"•**"
52-page Illustrated cat-' V V^jfk Y/fwSF rfyTI I/T7 //FrlZY) Exclusive Pacific Coast
•logue sent free to out- \S1/* £££&&/ f^/Lr/ V^/€/y» agents for •♦Arnold"
of-town customers. , v> "^ T«i^ goods. Catalogue free.
9/8 -322 AZ4#/(£T *5Z*
" ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SEASON 1904.===
Commencing Monday, February 8th, we
will place on sale our first shipment of
NEW WASH GOODS for Season 1904.
NEW GALATEAS.
29-INCH ENGLISH GALATEAS in a great varletu of
patterns. These aoods are in Stripes. Checks and
Figures, also Solid. Colors, and are In Navps, Reds,
Tans and Black and White. Prlcfr J 5c Yard
INEW PERCALES,
36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES (Uest tnialltn) In
Stripes, Checks, Figures and Dots. These come In
Dark, Medium and Light Colors. Price. 1 2 V* c Yard
CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS.
25 CASES GENUINE CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS In
Stripes, Plaids, Checks and Plain Colors. In these
we will show ahout 175 different patterns. Price
12#c Yard
WASH CREPES.
30-INCH GENUINE JAPANESE WASH CREPES In a
vern large assortment of Stripes, Checks and Plain
Colors. These are all warranted Fast Colors. Price
20c Yard
INEW CHEVIOTS.
32-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, hoth Stripes and Plain
Colors. These come In a large assortment of patterns
and are veru desirable for Skirts and Shirt Waists.
Price 25c Yard
EGYPTIAN TISSUE.
32-INCH FANCY EGYPTIAN TISSUE, Light, Medlnm
and Dark. These are In all the New Colorings and
come in Plaids, Stripes and Checks. Price
25c Yard
We will also show an elegant Hue of NOVELTY
WAISTINGS, hoth Colored and White and Plain and
Emhroldered. FANCY LINEN SUITINGS, PRINTED
DIMITIES, SILK and LINEN TISSUES, and WHITE
PIQUES. -
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Objects to. "Checking" of Horses.
"An owner and one interested In
horses" has written to the Board of
Supervisors urging the disuse of the
"check" used to keep a horse's head
in the air. The writer says horses can
be seen highly checked, especially on
Sundays at the park, and he considers
It an unnatural position for the ani
mals, which, he thinks, suffer much
pain.
Sam* very swell wedding Invitations com*
from Ksowlti 24 Second street. Main 60S. •
Hit AVilh a Slung Shot.
Evelyn Mackel was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging her with
battery. She and Maggie Sullivan are
waitresses in a saloon at 32 8 Pacific
street, and Maggie alleges that Evelyn
last Tuesday night struck her on the
face "with a slung shot, nearly knock
ing her ey^e out.
Would Perpetuate Judgment.
Isabel M. Summers yesterday filed
a suit to perpetuata a Judgment for
$13,975 obtained by her husband. Cal
vin Summers, against the California
Savings and Loan Society in February.
1899. She sues as the assignee of
Summers. The suit was originally
brought to determine the ownership
of a deposit of J 13.975 placed by
Maud Treadwell with the defendant.
ADAMS* Irish Moss Cough Balsam, tha »af».
■are, ra&rajiteed cure. 22c. 50c Drurglsts. *
Boiler-Maker Sacs for Damages.
A suit for $17,250 damages wa3 filed
yesterday against the Niles Boiler
Company by Frank Forthaua. He
was. while in the employ of the com
pany last November, badly injured by
a falling piece of iron and charges that
the accident occurred because the de
fendant was negligent In furnishing
faulty rigging for hoisting purposes.Pages 35 to 48
GREAT BURNS HANDICAP IS CAPTURED BY MODICUM,
RIDDEN BY HILDEBRAND, AND 12 TO 1 IN BETTING RING
BARTLES TIRES
OF MATRIMONY
Former Vallejo Business Man
Applies for Divorce on the
Ground That Wife Is Cruel
SAYS SHE NEGLECTS HIM
Avers That She Once Humili
ated Him by Unseemly Con
duct With Men at Cliff House
Frank Bartles. recently of the firm
of Doty & Bartles of Vallejo, is the
plaintiSC in a 6ult for divorce filed yes
terday. The defendant is Mary Bar
tles. to whom he was married at
Etockton in 1892. He asks for a di
vorce on the gTound of cruelty and the
custody of their one child, a girl aped
10 years, -who, he claims, if allowed to
remain with her mother, trill be per
mitted to associate with persons whose
characters are not of the best.
According: to Bartles he has been a
x^ry miserable man for the last year
or two. He alleges that during that
time his wife neglected him, refused
to mend his clothes or prepare his
meals, and otherwise conducted her
eelf contrary to the rules governing a
pood and dutiful and loving: wife. She
even went so far, he says, as to leave
him alone when he was sick In bed,
intrusting to stray visitors the task of
administering: the medicines pre
scribed for him.
He says that on September 9 of last
year, while he was an inmate of the
French Hospital, she came to see him.
Instead of greeting: him kindly, as
should a loving wife, he alleges she
cursed him and told him she would
"fix him." She also, he says, cursed
his mother, who happened to be in his
room "when she arrived.
Eartles also claims that his wife is
responsible for his retirement from
the firm of Doty & Bartles. He says
that she deliberately slandered him to
his partner, Georg-e Doty, with the re
sult that Doty forced him out of the
business.
DISTURBED PARTY.
BartJes further complains that his
wife disturbed a little tamale party
he he!d at his home one night by or
dering his mother out of the house
and that one day while they were
enjoying themselves at the Cliff House
she made him appear ridiculous by her
conduct with strangers. He says she
sat upon the laps of several men,
drank with them and. notwithstand
ing his oresence. caressed them.
Josephine Heydenfeldt. a very pret
ty blonde with rosy cheeks and bright
blue eyes, made her debut In the di
vorce court before Judge Sloss yester
day. She was granted a divorce on
the ground of cruelty from Thor A.
Heydenfeldt. one of the famous Hey
denfeldt family. She testified that
Heydenfeldt, whose wife she became
at San Rafael in 1902, was a most
cruel husband, and that because of
his brutality she had to leave him.
She said he had a most violent tem
per and when things did not go to
suit him he would vent his anger upon
her. He cursed and swore at her with
great frequency, she said, and once,
when they were living in Oakland,
struck her. Her testimony was cor
roborated by that of Mrs. Hattie Trim
ble, the woman who introduced her to
Heydenfeldt.
Frank P. Purcell. who last July
was shot in a saloon row at Point
Richmond. Is being sued for divorce
by Eva L. Purcell. In her complaint
she charges that he is addicted to the
excessive use of intoxicants and that
she was frequently compelled to go
into saloons, where he spent most of
his time and money, and persuade him
to come home.
CHARGE DESERTION.
Jennie Mount Is seeking a divorce
Trom Thomas J. Mount on the ground
of desertion. She avers that he de
serted her a year ago. They were
married in Indiana. Desertion Is
also charged by Alexander Peterson in
his suit against Anna L. Peterson.
N. P. Pauhlson wants a divorce from
Betty Pauhlson on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. He charges that be
cause of her vicious temper and habit
of calling him an "old stiff," an "or
dinary bum" and "an old fool," he is a
very miserable man. He alleges fur
ther that two months after their mar
riage in Sweden she Informed him In
most emphatic terms that she had
made a mistake in marrying him; that
he was not a man of her style and that
he could not earn money enough to
support a woman of her standing.
Si usie in the Park.
The following programme of music
will be rendered in Golden Gate Park
this afternoon, weather permitting,
under the leadership of Paul Stein
••Slar-epan*l«I Banner," national anthem
I ntted States of America <Tne
audience i« requested to arise and
remain «tan<I!r.ic during the rendi
tion of thia nurabw.)
March, "Tfc* Joiiy OneraI".Charie« R. Daniels
Overture. •*Orpheu«" Offenbach
Traits. "Boee» of the Sooth" Strauti
Solo for cornet Selected
O. C. Rosebrook.
Grand fastacie, •"Sigurd" Reyer
TART II.
Overture, "Xabucco" Verdi
<a) •'Fleurett* (new) "Herbert
(b) Intermezzo. "Orlsaba" Oewry
.•Toreador arid AndalouM" Rublniteln
Descriptive. "Musical Tour Throcrh Eu
rcpe" CoBradi
Selects «i tna "Tbe Stork«" MM ......cnaDln
■'imfrtcy"
HORSES WHICH HAVE WON THE CLASSIC BURNS HANDICAP
Year. WINNERS. Time. Value.
1895 Hawthorne ; 2:17 ' $3900
1896 Wheel of Fortune .-...- 2 .-0QJ4 .5^50
1897 Ruinart 2:06^ 6850
1898 Satsuma 2 :oyy 2
1899 Fleur de Lis > 2:12*4 6856
1900 Imperious ■. . 2 :io 6850
1901 The Fretter .. 2 107^/2 6850
1902 ] Eonic 2 :io# 6850
1903 I Horton .' 2 :io}4 6850
1904 j Modicum 2 :o8^4 7000
Winner Leads From Start to Finish, With Claude and
Oarsman Fighting It Out for Place.
Dull and foreboding overhead, the
course a sea of sloppy, slushy mud,
rain falling in big drops, it seemed the
fates had ordained that Burns handicap
day should again be a tempestuous one
as It was a year ago.
Suddenly there came a transforma
tion, for Just before the richest of all
the far western turf events was called,
the sun forced its way through the
dull, dreary cloud banks, throwing its
rays over the course like the brighten
ing effects of the glaring calcium lights
nn a Weber and Fields ballet. That
there was an immense crowd at Ingle
side yesterday goes without saying.
Some said ten thousand people were
there. That may b© a liberal estimate,
but scarcely an exaggeration.
Of course, the inclemency of the
weathfrkept the drags and tally-hos
away, but the chug-chug of the auto
mobile was plainly audible from the
track garage. Rain never did improve
fine feathers and the fair sex looked
somber and severe clad in storm gar
ments.
MODICUM NEVER HEADED.
The big race is over, and once again
the floral horseshoe has been placed
over the head of an outsider. Modicum,
a 12 to 1 shot carrying 100 pounds and
ridden by Eugene Hildebrand, took the
bit between his teeth at the start and
left a flock of fifteen mudlarks behind
him squabbling for second and third
monsy. The long shot simply spread
eagled his company, winning in a gal
lop by three open lengths in 2:08 3-4.
Claude landed his 122 pounds In second
place under Johnny .Daly's skillful
piloting, 'a neck before Oarsman with
Wonderly up, the pair furnishing the
only, interesting duel of the race.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
Nothing but 111 luck appeared to
hover over the Jennings quartet, the
favorite in the betting. The delay at
the post did not add to the chances of
Proper, with his 127 pounds to begin
with. Arcade was badly bumped soon
after the start, NIgrette was outfooted
and Oliphant pulled Dainty up after
being pinched as the barrier was
sprung.
Now the winner will be grilled. He
will be called a poor, cheap selling
plater and his owner will be asked to
send him to the abattoir. To be sure
Modicum cannot be called a high-class
stake horse, for such he is not.
WINNER IS CALIFORNIA BRED.
On both fore feet are ring bones
that resemble anklets on the limbs of
an Ethiopian princess and he has lit
tle use for a hard track. Still Modi
cum can boast of a fairly aristocratic
lineage on both his sire's and dam's
side. He was bred at Rancho del
Paso and can always be considered a
dangerous factor over a muddy track.
Of the $10,000 purse $7000 went to
the first, $2000 to the second and $1000
to the third horse.
Dell Fountain was never accounted
a J. Waldere Kirk and is not a million
aire. But beneath the rough exterior
of the sturdy Idahoan beats a heart
that is as warm as an old-fashioned
nog fireplace. While no unusual skill
was required in landing Modicum first,
Dell presented Hildebrand with a crisp
$1000 bill for hisservices.
The big event was fourth to be de
cided. As before stated the Jennings
stable had first call in the betting at
odds of 18,. to 6. The supporters of
Claude were out on ■ dress parade,
crowding 1 the bookmakers': realm until
it resembled a seething, foaming-, bub-
bling mass of humanity, to use a stere
otyped but not patented expression.
FAULCONBRIDGE IS FANCIED.
Bob Smith thought Faulconbridge a
moral with Tommy Burns up, and
among others who coincided with
the views of Bob waa "Plunger"
Joe Yeager, the employer of Hilde
brand. • Because of the presence In
the saddle of Kedfern Eonlc and her
light Impost engrossed the attention
of many, but the mare never possessed
a "look In." Long 'odds were quoted
against the others, Joe Lesser, Ben
MacDhul and Fossil being nibbled at..
It was shortly after "half past 3
o'clock when the horses paraded past
the stand and clubhouse. At the' post
a start could have been accomplished
In no time had It not been for the dila
tory tactics used by Bullman on Ar
gregor and Bedfern astride Eonlc, as
well as the ungentlemanly behavior of
Major Tenny and Ben MacDhul.
DICK DWYER'S GREAT START.
Finally, when ten minutes had been
consumed,- Dick Dwyer yelled "Come
on!" and released the barrier to a mag
nificent start. Otto Wonderly, on the
outside with Oarsman, shortly after
cut across the field; squeezing out
Dainty and bumping Argregor and Ar
cade' among othe'r 'things. Hildebrand
passed the stand first, followed by
Oarsman. Proper and Claude. In 'a
nutshell Modicum splashed along in the
lead from start to finish, Hildebrand
once letting out a wrap as he turned
mto the stretch for home, and 'won as
he pleased. Proper looked ' beaten on
the far turn and soon after.gave it up.
Swerving : somewhat" as : the- wire was
approached, . Claude stood a drive with
marked sameness, and .beat. Oarsman
WINNER OF RICH BURNS HANDICAP DECORATED WITH FLORAL
COLLAR, HIS OWNER. DELL FOUNTAIN, AND THE FINISH OF
THE RACE. SHOWING THE SCATTERED FIELD.
HILDEBRAND
ELATED WITH
HIS VICTORY
Jockey Hildebrand was nat
urally much elated over his vic
tory, but it did not surprise him.
He said the night before the
race, when Owner Fountain told
him about the ability of Modi
cum to run in sloppy' going, he
felt he was going to rido the
winner. - "At no 6tage eT the
race," said Hildebrand. "did I
feel any apprehension about the
ultimate result, and my horse
galloped in." . . ' '.'
out for place honors. • Arcade finished
fourth. Just ahead of his stable mate,
Proper.
. OVATION FOR : HILDEBRAND. t
On his return - to the winner's circle
with Modicum, Hildebrand was ac
corded an ovation." Thirty cameras
were leveled at boy. and; horse, .the
gf eat floral horseshoe was I placed
around the neck of Modicum, and after
parading, before the admiring thou
sands he was led away wondering what
all the commotion was about, i
f This -was mot the only feat accom
plished -by, Hildebrand.; for three other
winners were piloted by the California
lad: It was his banner day in the sad
dle and he- is firmly established as a
public idol. "Although but two favor
ites were returned first, the books were
given a drubbing, .the talent stringing:
its coin on the mounts. of Hildebrand.
A seven-furlong • selling affair opened
the sport. Kickurobob ,was favorite at
2% to 1 and trailed Carilee, the second
choice," from; start .to finish. Emily
Oliver ran third.
MEADA A CLEVER . FEttLY.;.
- There .were • six \ starters • in • the two
Pages 35 to 48
* ! *
FOUNTAIN IS
SURE OF HIS
HORSE'S SPEED
DeU Fountain, owner of Mod
icum, seemed to feel no more
concern over, his horse's victory
than if a small purse had been
annexed. Dell said he thought
It just as easy, as winning a sell
ins event and felt sure of draw-
Ing down the long end of the
stake. He bet $200 straight and
$200 to show on his entry. He
presented Jockey Hildebrand
$1000.
year-old scramble, with Bob Smith's
filly Peggy O'Neill the post favorite.
Willie See quickly showed in front
with Meada, the second choice, and
the black daughter of Figaro scored
hands down.
. Eduardo. from the Burns & Water
house • stable, beat the favorite out six
lengths for the place.
By a narrow margin only did The
Pride secure the decision over "El Plloto.
at the close of the six-furlong run fol
lowing.. The winner was fortunate in
getting away well, but it took alL of
Jack Martin's cleverness to put him
over the plate a nose oefore El Piloto.
Hildebrand rode the latter, which went
Into the starter's hands an 8 to 5 choice.
Brennus ran a close third, after enjoy
ing poor racing luck.
Albemarle is a notorious "mudder."
and Ed Tierney's gelding was ham
mered down from 7 to .5 to 6 to 5 in
the betting c-n the seven-furlong run.
He won; pulling up from Bard Burns.
The last named horse did not get away
any too well, but it is doubtful whether
Continued on Page 38, Columns 2
and 3.
CHOOSES SITE
FOR NEW HOME
Bohemian Club Decides to Boy
Property at the Corner of
Post and Taylor Streets
VALUE OF THE LOCATION
Proposition Becommended by
the Building Committee In
dorsed at Meeting of Directors
The Bohemian Club at a special meet
ing of the members last night decided
to purchase the site at the northeast
corner of Post and Taylor streets for
a permanent home. The proposition
was recommended by the board of di
rectors. The site has a frontage of 105
feet on Post street and 97% feet on
Taylor street. The price is $125,000. in
cluding the synagogue structure now
on the premises. Of the several sites
examined by the building committee,
consisting of James D. Phelan, Thomas
Barbour and David Bush, this one was
deemed most acceptable on account of
Its central position.
The special meeting was held In re
sponse to the following notice:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1. 1904.
"There will be a special meeting of
the members of the club on Saturday
evening. February 6. at 8:30 o'clock, to
consider the proposition of purchase of
club site property.
"BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
"By EDQAR D. PEIXOTTO. Sec'y.
"The directory urges every member to
attend, so that the action taken at this
meeting shall conclusively represent the
opinion of the majority."
The directors in due time will pre
sent a plan on which the proposition
may be financed. It was suggested by
the committee that the club should pur
chase the land and building at once,
giving a note with mortgage on the
property as security.
Building plans will be considered in
the future. The corner of Post street
and Grant avenue, the place now oc
cupied by the club, Is worth a million
dollars. The lease will not expire un
til January 1, 1905, and there is an op
tion for a renewal of the lease for a
term of five years. This option is very
valuable and may be of great service
to the club in promoting the enterprise
for the acquisition of a permanent
home.
According to estimates submitted to
the special meeting, a suitable club
house of five stories can be constructed
for $275,000.
MASQUERADERS GAYLT
DANCE AWAY THE HOURS
Fifteenth Annual Ball Under Auspices
of United Lodges of Hermann's
Sons a Success.
The fifteenth grand prize masque
rade ball given under the auspices of
the united lodges of Hermann's Sons
at Elntracht Hall last night was a suc
cess in every respect. The floor wa3
crowded with dancers garbed in fan
tastic, unique and artistic costumes,
while the seating capacity of the gal
lery was taxed to its utmost to accom
modate the throng of onlookers.
This ball has come to be regarded
as a fixture and is looked forward to
by hundreds, who vie with one an«
other in planning novel costumes.
When the unmasking took place at
midnight there were many surprises,
followed by congratulations and
hearty handshakings. The merri
ment lasted until early this morning,
when the best stayers departed with
hearty cheers for the order.
The ball was managed by the fol
lowing committees:
Arrangements — F. Alves, J. Hoeaa. F. Vcst
lander. O. Simon. Alex. Hacedum. P. Gael!
and J. Kiefcr.
Floor — Jacob Hoehn. Emll Lampe, F. Juns-
Wad. Julius Slevers. F. Betx. W. Po*h»er.
Reception — A. A. Haffedorn. Alex. Krause.
H. Schmidt. F. Mucho.
Refreshment — J. Schaefer. H. Moor. Ernst
Klmme. J. Pore. Al. Januan, M. Uanu;.
Ladi-V parlor— F. Fo*tletn. C. H. Fortl'tn.
If You Have a Dollar
It Is enough capital on which to start
a savings account. It is the beginning
that leads to the accumulation of wealth,
and no beginning is too small. Once you
acquire the habit of saving, the founda
tion of your future is laid. The Phoenix
Savings. Building and Loan Association.
516 California street, will open an ac
count with you for as small a sum as
one dollar and from that up to . any
amount. On ordinary savings accounts
A¥z per cent interest is paid, the interest
being compounded seml-annually; on
one-year term accounts of $100 and over
6 per cent Is allowed, the Interest being
paid seml-annually.
The funds are safeguarded absolutely
against loss. This is the only concern
in California which has a guarantee sur
plus that protects its clients and whlefi
makes positive the assurance of fulfill
ing all its obligations. The subscribed
capital or the Phoenix Sayings. Buildins
and Loan Association is IS.000.000; the
paid-in capital. $1,000,000. and th« guar
antee surplus, $210,000. If more evidence
of the financial soundness of the institu
tion were required the names of its offi
cers and directors would be sufficient.
They are: A. A. Watkins. president:
Charles R. Bishop, vice president; S.
Pt-ntiss Smith, treasurer: Clarenco
Granse. secretary and managing direc
tor: George C. Boardman and Charles E.
Ladd. *
Major Burns Honored.
Major John Cesar Burns, past aid de
camp and assistant Inspector of the De
partment of California and Nevada, has
received his commission as aid de camp,
with the rank of colonel, oh the staff of
Major General John C. Black, present
commander in chief of the Grand Army
of the Reoublic. Colonel Burns is a
member of James A. Garfleld Post of
uxi3 clt^jT* * »36
COWS TO CHEW
THE SUGAR BEET
Oregon Slock Owner Plans a
Notable Experiment With o
llwd of Animals at Suisun
TONS OF SWEET FODDER
Venture Excites Great Interest
Among the Growers and the
Ranchmen in Solauo County
Social DlFpatch to The Gall
SUISUN. Fob. C. — J. W. Howard, a
Inrge slock owner bf Oregon, has ar
rived here with 400 head of beef cat
tle, which he will feed upon sugar
■J><?ets as an experiment to determine
•whether or not beets contain the de-
Firod quantity of fattening matter for
beef cattle.
Howard has purchased from the
Hawaiian Beet Sugar Company, which
has large plantations .in this county,
about £.00 tons of beets, the unhar
vested. cron that remained in the
ground after the early fall rains came,
paying $4 per ton for the same, and
these he •will feed to his cattle.
On account of remaining in the
wet ground the beets had lost a cer
tain percentage of saccharine matter,
which rendered them unprofitable to
work into sugar, and if the experiment
should prov^ successful, and Howard
feels assured that it will, it will be
a source of profit both to the beet
growers and the stockmen. The ex
periment is a new one and will be
watched with interest.
Cannot Raid Hotel Xyinphla.
Chief of Police Wittman v.-as served
yesterday with a restraining order
Figned by Superior" Judge Hebbard,
preventing him or any member of the
Police Derailment from raiding or
blockading the Hotel Xymphia. a no
torious resort • at the corner of Pa
cific and Stockton streets. The pro
prietors of a restaurant on the prem
ises made showing that the frequent
raids of the police had caused in
jury to the extent of $1000 a month
to their business. Their tactics are
identical with those employed by the
proprietors of a resort at 1129 Du
por.t street, who placed a ci&ar store
on their premises.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[1 YEARS A SPECIALIST
I IN THE TREATMENT OF
I MEN'S''
I DISEASES
\) DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
j The Leading Specialist
I C -O
Q There can be no comparison be-
I J tws:i the ability of the ordinary
I \ phyeicUn tr. that of the trained
. as. eclentlflc epeclal'.st. The for-
► J ratr. In trj-ir.* to explore and con-
t j cuer the whole fle:_ of medicine
[ < u:. i eurgery, becomes proficient in
I , no particular branch. . Tha latter
N ccasclontloui-ly confines himself to
!{ « elntrie class of ill* and master*
[i there. I do not scatter my facul-
[j ti*"_. but I concentrate them all on
* j diseases s.n<5 weakiresses peculiar
Pj to the male. .Recently I have
H trrated *eoT»s of stubborn cas^s for
U foiM of the best men or -Kan Fran-
l\ cl»co and viclnltv, and not a fail- i
t" ure nor an unpleasant result haa
■ been reported. What I have done
H Jur others I ca.n do for you.
ri I wait for my fee
f^ until you are welL
j WEAKNESS
'1 My success in curing those de-
It nuieemesu commonly termed
N "m-eaknes*" has done more to ex-
( \ tend my reputation as a specialist
Eg in men's diaeuees than any other
M thin*. I was first to discover the
L 1 , fact that "weakness" is merely a
u eymptcrn resulting from a chr.nl-
n cally inflamed prostate gland, and
1 5 that to remove this inflammation is
M the only method of permanently re-
H etorlnc lost vigor. To this day my
B system of local treatment Is the
' only successful one in use. In years
: I have not failed to effect a com-
] plete cure. This |* a etatement
\ which cannot truthfully apply to
1 any other treatment being; em-
I ployed in these cases. Of course.
1 there Is an occasional case that baa
I passed into the incurable stage,
1 and the-e I do not treat at all. My
j long experience enables me to rec-
' j ogn!_e them and to select only such
9 cases as I can cure permanently. .
J f -o
j [ Ky fses arc fair and my cures
nj J ar« permanent.
I ° r; °
h IalsDcure
h Varicccele, Hydroeele,
H Contracted Lisorders,
I S Speclfl3 Blood Poison
U and Eeflex Ailments, f
I "Live AH Your
Years a Man."
l'j My pamphlet, "Live AH Your Year*
f ■ . a Man," wil! be mailed free upon re-
J <j_(*t. Consultation .U free, either In
' v^nson or by taaM.
d DR. 0. C. JOSLEINI
ii COn. MARKET AND KEAHNY BTS.
[' PRIVATE l-NTI-ANCE,
I ( 702 MARKET ST.
n Offlr- hours: Ww. day», 9 m. m.
M t« T> f m. and <I:30 p. m. to i:S0 p.
j( Eft. PvbO&yt, ID to 1 only.
GREAT BURNS HANDICAP
CAPTURED BY MODICUM
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
j ISTGIiESIPE BACETBACK— Saturday, Feb. 6.— Weather stormy. Track sloppy.
i GOOO.' FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
. j Index Horse and Owner. (Wt^St. hi, •- vT. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. OP- cl
f.930 Carilee C (Applebr & Co.)... »r| 1 12 12 1 1%1 2>£1 8^ Hildebrand 5-2 13-5
.'.P23 Kickumbob. a (Wai? & Co.).. 1O4| 4 22 2123.2 3 2 3 J. Martin. > 5-2 5-*
f.920 Emily Oliver C <R. H. Clark) SM3 2 li 2 «2 C. 2>/.O 2 3 1% C. Smith... ,5'iW-S
69S0 jThe TolW-r. * (F. Jones) 100 5 4 1144 n. 4 % 4 »£ 4 «4 JFoley . 30 60
530S [Miss Ringlets. 3 (E. Carry).. SI, «J 3 % 3 1V,X 1}J3 14 5 4 Crosswalte 8 8-2
thSi !Grand Sachem a (Moran). .. . 10l| 7 0%52 5n 51 01 Bell ... 15 13
5.158 Lunga 5 (Mrs. McMichaels).. 09 S 8 >i 7 2 73 72 78 Knapp 25 30
6010 |Nil**r a <S A Lclser) 101 3 » 2 9 H « I 8 1-8 3' J. Jones..: 12 20
5$K)6 |SUmy,"3 (E. J. Hooper) 97 1111 ■ 11 11 10 2 9 2V£ I Jackson ... 30 60
5125 iEmil 3 (T. J. 'Williams).':..-. 87|1O 7 1V& n 8 % 9 2 10 3' fR- Uutler. . 3O CO
: 5U5* jKlnaido. a (Slsklyou Stable). .|1C1| 9 10 1 10 1 10 1 11 11 [Connell 15 15
I Time— :2.">, :50. 1:17 1:30. At i>ost C minutes QfT At 2:07^. Carllee. place. 1; show, 1-2.
Klckumbob. place. 1; show, 1-2. Oliver, show 7-5 Winner br. m. by St. Carlo- Marllee.
•.Trained, by O. A. Appleby. Start gpod. Won, easing up. Next two driving. Nicely taken
- care of Oarllee showed Improvement and rah away from her field. KIck"urabob did
the brst lie could. Emily. Oliver was cut off on »he far turn. The Toiler worked over
■ ' "time. 'Miss Ringlets requires stronxhandtlng'. Rmaldo ran badly-agaln. ■ -
COG7. SECOND* RACE — Four furlongs; purie"; 2-year-ot<ls: value to Brat." $325.
: Index Horse and Owner.. ~ Wt St. %'. ', K. ' % . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
' <37C3) Mftcla (O. A. Hianchl) 109 2 ... ... 11^11^1 '-4 See ....:... .8-5 8-5
■| 0943 jEduardo (B. & W.) 10C 1.... ... 2*424 26 Bell 10 18
< 5787)! Peg jry O'Nrll (R A. Smith).. 109 5 3« 3 8 3 7 Burns 8-5 13-10
: 51X17 {Merita <N"apa Stock Farm) 1W 0 .:.... 8' '5 4 4 Foley 20
'■. 5307 (Nell Sullivan (J. A Spratt).. 109 4 ... ;.. 4 6 4 n 5 Haack 20 60
' <3943);B111 Short 1 A. T. Dobson) 112J 3 . .'. ... Fell . ■ . '.... J. Daly..., 3 ,4
j Time— :215i. :*3%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:34^- Meada, place,. 1-2; «how, out.
Eduanto, place," 4; show. C-5 O'Neil, show out. Winner, blk.- f. by Figaro-Afamada.
Trained by O. A. BUncM. ' Scratched— Gotden Idol. Start fair. Won * cleverly. Next
two driving. Winner was away well and is a very shifty young miss.. Eduardo. . \a
improving. Peggy O'Neil gave It up. BUI Short was cut oft and thrown by Peggy. _
BOOS. THIRD RACE— Six furlonus; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value ' to first." $325. jj . .
i Index I Horse and Owner.- fyVtiSt. %. 14/ 54. 1 Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. ClT
i j 1 ______„ j fc \ H ( • ' . . .
' 5S72 iThe Pride, a (A. Xeal) !107 2 ... 2 2V.1 3H1 1 Ins IJ. Martin.. 3 18-5
I -042 El Piloto 6 (H. W. Hoag).. . .|l02 1 ... 3 1 3 n 2 2^.2 V_ |Hildebrand 2 8-5
I «5946) Brennus. 4 (S. Judge & Co.). .1102 6 ... 4 n 4 5 3 4 3 8 Kunz „ 5-2 7-2
5940 Goddess of Night 0 tParks)|10.'.| 3 ... 1 n 2 % 4 4 4 8. Dugan .... 12' 20
i 5918 'Mountebank a (Keating) 1107 4 ...- 8 % §3 G2 5 n C. Kelly ' 6 8
5930 {Wyoming, a (O. Bern') |10»l S .... 61 52 52 6 1 Haack...... -.15. 30
1 5123 !R*sIn 5 (Cohen & Co.) 1107(10 v ... 10 10 10 7 4 McKinnon 40 150
i 6W>8 Dr. Sherman 8 <M. L. Whlte)!l07l 0 >. . SO 0 4 9 3 8 3 C. Smith ;. 20 75
j '(5S70)'Den!ash 4 <i,. Jeuness) 102 5 ... 7^72 81 95 Foley ..... . it 20
; 5S4« ;Bas.«enzo, 5 (Walz & Co.) |107| 7 . .. 5 3 C 2^.7 H-. Bell .15 30
; Titce— :23»i. :4Si_.. 1:13»4. At post SH minutes. Oft at 3:05. . Pride, place. 7-5; -how,'
! 7-10. Pilots, place. 3-5; show. 1-3. Brennus. show. 3-C. Winner, b. g. by'Dundee
| Beeswing. Trained by A, Npal. Scratched — Judge Voorhies, Handpress. Start good.
Won in a hard drive of three. The Pride and Martin were kept busy through tha
stretch. Brennus was crossed and cut off by winner -less than a furlong from home.
or he might* have won. El Piloto would have won In another stride or two. Mountebank
can do better. Others outclassed,
' ROOD. FOURTH RACE— l'i miles; The Burns hdcp; first. $7000; second. $2000; third, $10CO.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWt;St. U. £T %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. ~Op! ClT
«57e5)iModieum. 4 (D. 8. Fountain)! 100! 6 In 1%1%I 1«_1 3 Hildebrand 10 8
J 5825 IClaudP. 4 (M J. Daly) 122 7 4 % 4 2i_-"- 2t_3 3 2 n J. Daly 4 »-2
5S01 'Oarsman. 4 (L. Kempner. . . jllSI 8 2 1%2 2 2 2V.2 3 3 3 Woriderly . 8 9
! 5753 lArcade 4 <\V. B. Jennings). .1112 11 5 161 6 1*_5 3 4 4 See 7-2 18-5
: (5097) I Proper' 4 (W. B. Jennings)... 127 2 3 1»_3 n 4 2 -4 2 5 2H J. Martin.. • •
, T.S73 iHorton a (Bianchi & Co.)... . 1C5 5 14 n 13 1510 3 8 2 6n C. Kelly... 30 30
■ 5*25 IFowil 4 (Parker & Co.) |114 12 82 5h 81 7 % 7 5 Knapp .... 15 17
i 57S9 iFaulconbrldge 4 108 10 12 4 8 1 9 2 10 2 8 i_ Burns 8 8
I 0S9S IJoe Lesser d"<.H D. Reams). 104 9 8 n 9 2»_7 *_ 6 n 9 2% Foley 20 16
5849 iBen- MacDhui « <P Ryan).. 10S| 4 11 3 10 1 11 2 11 10 6 Bell 25 20
'< «5StW)'Horatlus 4 <J. J McAlester). 1O5I 3 10 2 11 V.12 12 11 n Kunr 30 40
i 59.55 JNijrrettp"4 (W B.' Jcnning-)..! 0.SI13 6 2 7 1%5 n 9 1 12 3 iConnell • •
i 5931 !Major Tenny (Piedmont Sta.)!lO2il5 15 12 3 13 13 13 |W. Dugan. SO . 75
.'.825 !Eon!e, C (C. Young) '. I102J14 7 h 13 2 14 14 It Redfern... 10 9
1 43C3 iArgregor 6 (Boots & Co.) |11K| 1 13 3 14 15 15 15 IBuilman .. 30 100
j <5.S2. t i)!Dalnty. 4 (W. B. Jennings). ■ .|110| Left JQliphant .. » •
! Time— :25» 4 , :5r"i. 1:1*. li*l%i 2:CS»i. At post 10V. minutes. Off at 3:47. Modicum,
place 4; show. 2. Claude, place. 2; enow. 1. Oarsman, show, 2. Winner, b. h. by
St. Gatien-Moderaclo. Trained by D. S. Fountafn. Scratched — Our Bessie. Divina. Start
good. Won easily. Next two in a h«d drive. The slushy going suited the winner's
ringbones and he romped all the way. Claude ran his race. Oarsman faltered the last
hundred yards. Arcade ran a superb race, being badly bumped right after the start.
Dflay at post may have hurt chances of Proper. Faulconbridge a disappointment.
Dainty wa« pinched at the start and Ollphant pulled up. Horton came from far back.
Wonderly cut across the field at start, nearly causing a spill. *Jennings entry.
j 5!»7O. FIFTH RACE^ — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
j Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. »4 . *■_• %■ Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CK
1 1 -! — I 1 _
I <_9_S)!Albemarle 4 (E. Ticrncy) |I01l 2 2 n 2 4 1 U.1 3 12. IHildebVand 13-10 6-5
j 5934 Inard Burns. 6 (S. Judge) |1O7 5 S 4 5 8 5 15 4 2 2 2U|Kunz 2 11-5
i 5934 lYellowstone, 5 (W. P Flnp)..|107 3 44 3n 3 2 2n 3 3 Foley 10 ' 12
I 5942 Optimo 5 (D F. Blakeman). 1105 4 3 l'._4 3>44 % 5 20 4 2 C. Kelly... 7 12
5822 (Planet 3 <Parker & Co.) j 01 1 1 1»_1 1>_'- 2Ms3 1 5 25 jj. Jones... 7 6
•5572 j Effervescence. 3 (Cofiey) | 87 1 6 6 6 6 6-6 [W. Daly ... 10 40
Tlm,*—^, :40. 1:17H. 1:30. At post 15>_ minutes. Off at 4:2.»_. Albemarle, place, 1-3;
show out ' Burns, place. 1-2: -how. 1-4. Yellowstone, show 2. Winner b. g by De
ceiver-Fable. Trained by E. Tierney. Scratched— Anvil. Flyer. Nullah. Start bad.
Won pulling up. Next two driving hard. Winner best. Bard Burns away poorly. There
was a long delay at post. Planet threw Knapp and ran away. Jones was then sub
stituted. Optimo can do better. Toss this race out. Planet ran a swell race after hia
riderless exploit. »Los Angeles Jndex (5«i55). « /"
5071. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; 4-year-clds and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt|St. %• %~. % . Str.* Fin. I Jockey. Op! CK
(5947) BUI Ma-sie. 6 CMcAlester). . . »9 2 3 n 4 ',_ 4 3 3 3 1 2H!Hildcbrand 8-5 8-5
! 591(1 lAxmlneter. & (Randall) loo! 3 4 H 3 % 3 % 2 1 2 3i_! Foley 7-2 18-5
I (5959) 1 Diderot 6 (J P. Atkln) 09 4 In 1 }_ 1 % 1 n 3 2%!OHphant .. 2 16-5
(5909) 'F Woods a (Garden City S.). 104! 66 6 565 20 4n Kunz 6 15
! 5*26 I Keynote. '» (J. A. Kyle) 10C| 1 22 21 2n 4n 5 25 Wonderly . 8 5
! 5059 JThe Fretter. a (O'Rourke) 11051 5555nC cg Burns 4 6
j Time— :24>4. :50 1:15^. 1:J2»_. 1:49. At post V % minute. Off at 4:57. Massie, place 1-2;
show out. Axminster. place. .7-5: show. 3-5. Diderot, show. 1-:!. Winner br k by
Traverse- Belle of Mount Zoah. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start good. Won' easily.
Second driving. Third stopping. • Bill Massle cam.' on when ready. Axminster beat tho
weakly handled Diderot. Keynote was played from 20 'down to 5. He quit after show
ing speed. The Fretter ran poorly . v ■
Continued From Page 35, Column 6.
he could have reversed the verdict with
a better start. Yellowstone took the
show.
An old-time plunge was made on
Keystone^to capture the concluding
mile and a sixteenth event. "Doc"
Kyle's horse opened up at 20, and when
the post call sounded 5 was the best
obtainable. The Eastern horse showed
speed, but ran unplaced at the finish.
Bill Massie, piloted by Hildebrand and
an 8 to 5 favorite, experienced no diffi
culty in defeating Axminster and Dide
rot' l - ; ;' T * ;v .^
NOTES OF TIIE TRACK.
Twenty-five firms laid prices in the
ring.
Charley Henshall will ship his stable
to Little Rock at the close of the pres
ent Ingleside meeting.
Up to last Tuesday Joe Yeager was
$40,000 loser on the meeting. On Wednes
day and Thursday he recouped his
losses.
Riley Grannan had a good day book
ing and betting;, on the outside Friday,
and he will soon- be doing some plung
ing again if things break right. ; I
Tommy Burns, was blamed for caus
ing the accident In the two-year-old
event, when Bill Short was thrown." In
consequence the Judges decided to give
Tommy' a ten-day rest. ' He can ride,
however, lor the Schrelber stable/
John Wilklns, a trainer, was suspend
ed until March 1 by. the stewards yes
terday for creating a disturbance at the
track on Friday.
Foley, who rodp The Toiler in the
opening event, interfered with Emily
Oliver on the back stretch and was sus
pended for a week by the judges. He
can ride out to-morrow's engagements.
George Berry, superintendent of Napa
Stock Farm, was a visitor at the track
yesterday. George told all of bis Napa
friends to have a bet on Modicum and
then backed Claude himself.
Lee Rose headed quite a delegation
from Southern California that came up
to see the big race.
While at the post in the fifth race
Knapp was thrown from the back of
Planet and was severely shaken up. He
was replaced by J. Jones after a delay
of fifteen minutes.
When Bill Short was thrown Johnny
Daly received a hard fall, but the mud
prevented him from receiving any in-
Jury. The admirers of Claude breathed
a sigh of relief when Johnny stepped
from the starter's wagon and walked
into the paddock.
Hildebrand piloted the winner of the
first race and of the last three races on
the card. On El Piloto he was beaten
but a nose by The Pride.
Joe Yeager was reported to have bet
$1500 on Faulconbridge.
Keynote, it is said, broke down in th«*
last race. Wonderly had a swell bet on
the horse.
Wonderly Is a past master at the art
of rough riding. He cut across the field
at the start of the handicap with Oars
man, and it should have earned" for him
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY -7, 1904.
a year's suspension. The chances of
Arcade, Dainty. Argregor and a couple
of others were ruined by it. That old
time "herding" trick may go in Canada
and New York, but it won't stand the
test out here. Gold Money when played
for a "killing" some weeks ago was
beaten in the same manner by Won
derly on San Nicholas.
Caesar Toung says he will race Eohic
no more.
There were many spectators from in
terior towns, as well as from Oregon
and Washington.
Ship Laomene, Aground.
The British ship Laomene from
Philadelphia for Rangoon is aground
on Alguada Reef. Some of the crew
were drowned. The vessel will prob
ably be a total loss.
~___ ..... ADVERTISEME2TTS. .
I Every I
I Inch I
I SMOKE I
I CENTS I
• CEAS. MATTHEAS It CO..
Distributers. San rraaclico.
OAKS CAPTURED
BY SWEET TONE
Columbia Girl Is the Pace
maker in Ascot Classic and is
Beaten' a. Length on the Post
CAP AND GOWN IS THIRD
Jockey E. Walsh Pilots Three
Winners-Only One Favorite
Catches the Eyes of Judges
' LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— The Ascot
Oaks, a sweepstakes for three-year
oldflllies at a mile and a quarter, was
the feature ' of the card to-day at As
cot It was won by Sweet Tone.
Twelve hundred dollars added money
made the purse worth more than
$1450; Seven fillies went to the post.
Barney Schreiber purchased Miss Bet
ty from T. G. Ferguson and she car
ried the purple and orange colors, as
did Dorice. The two .were coupled
and ruled favorites at 7 to 5. Sweet
Tone sold at^3, Columbia Girl at 4
and Cap and Gown at 5. Columbia
Girl made the pace for the first mile,
but faltered in the stretch and lost
to Sweet Tone by a length. Cap and
Gown was third. ■
Redan was the favorite for the first
race the Slauson course, which
Eugenie B won. Redan finished sec
ond and Ocyrohe third. Another sec
ond choice won in the second race,
when Wager beat Foxy Grandpa by
a nos'e. Dotterel was third. C. B.
Campbell was played from 6 to 5 to
7 to 10 for the third race and won in
a driving finish from Greenock.
Cloche d'Or was third.
E. Walsh brought Rough and Tum
ble home first in the fifth event at
5 to 1. This was his third winner for
the day. Elwood, the favorite, was a
close second, with Atlantico third. Sir
Hugh was made favorite in the last
race at seven furlongs, but could get
no better than third money. Farmer
Jim won, with Winnifreda second.
One favorite, three second and two
third choices were the winners. The
track was heavy after last night's
rain. Weather fine.
SU3IMARY.
First race — Slauson course; selling:.
Eugenie B, S6 (Lewis) 6 to 2 .1
Redan. 107 (E Walsh), 3 to 2 2
Ocyrohe, 07 (Wllkins). 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:12. Cardwcllton. Piquet, Celebra
tion. Loyal S and Mack also ran.
Second race — Seven furlongs; selling.
Wager. 1Q5 (Fletcher). 7 to 2 ._.1«
Foxy Grandpa, 00 (Anderson). 2 to 1 .2
Dotterel. 98 (Lawrence) 10 to 1 3
Time.- 1:31. Frank McKee, Metlakatla. Ne
grusca. Homage, Olivilo. MacAna and Land
seer also ran.
■ Third race — Mile and a furlong 1 : selling.
C. B. Campbell ICO (E. Walsh), 7 to 10 1
Greenock. 112 (Prior), 3 to 1 2
Cloche d'Or. 91 (Anderson). 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:56. Sam Green. Dimante and Erne
also ran.
Fourth race — The Ascot Oaks; (1200 added;
one and a quarter miles.
Sweet Tone 112 (E Walsh), 3 to 5 1
Columbia Girl. 112 (Adams). 4 td 1 2
Cap and Gown. 117 (J. Reiff). 6 to 1 3
Time. 2:14. Mlstletlde. Miss Betty, Dorice
and Eva D also ran.
Fifth race — Six furlongs; purse. •
Rough and Tumble. 105 (E. Walsh). 5 to 1...X
Elwood 105 (Phillips). 5 to 2... .2
Atlantico 105 (W. Waldo), C to 1 3
Time. 1:15>4. Rodolfo. Golden Mineral.
Belledama, Felipe Lugo. Golden Boy, Palm
Reader and Riceful also ran.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling.
Farmer Jim. 108 (Feicht). 4 to 1 1
Winnifreda. 85 (J. Lewis), 3 to 1 ♦•....2
Sir Hugh. 110 (W. Adams), 0 to 5 ,3
Time 1:30. Rio Chico. Iras, Military, Flour
ish and Lady Fonae also ran.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. C— Crescent City re
sults:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Tommy Mc-
Knight won, Irene Mac second. La Cache third.
Time, 1:18 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Emlgree won.
Stand Pat second. Moderator third. Time,
1:16 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Scorpio won. Invin
cible second. Our LIUIe third. Time. 1:16 3-5.
Fourth race. Clubhouse handicap, one mile —
Tribes Hill won, ■ De Reszke second, Clanger
third. Time, 1:43 2-6.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Mad | Mullah won,
Footllght's Favorite second. Triple Silver third.
Time, 1:17 4-5.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Thorneycroft won, Malay second. Badger third.
Time, 2:12. ■ <: ...
TELEPHONE BOX RIFLED
BY A UNIQUE METHOD
Thief Stuffs Slot in Nickel Attach
ment With Paper and Secures
the Coin With Wire.
Anton Delman, who gives his oc
cupation as a cook's helper, was ar
rested by Special Officer F. X. Bur
hams of the telephone company last
night and charged with petty larceny
at the Central police station. It is
alleged that Delman rifled one of the
ferry telephone boxes and also that
he has been doing so for some time
past.
Within the last month many com
plaints have been made to the com
pany that coins have been inserted in
the slot machines and thflt the operat
ors have refused to give service. In
every case the operators claimed they
had received no signal, hence the re
fusal to make the switch. Investiga
tion proved that paper, had been
Wtuffed in the slot, which would pre
vent the coin from falling. As soon
as the person desiring tl»e switch
would leave the box the thief would
sneak in. and with a small piece of
wire or a knife ,. extract the coin.
A watch was set. with the result
that Delman was taken. Into custody
last night. r VX
Germans Will Perform.
A very interesting German theatri
cal performance will be given on Sun-'
day, February 14, at the hall of the
San Francisco Turn Verein under the
management . of Mrs. Mathilde.
Fleischer. Julius Ascher, who bears
an excellent reputation abroad as well
as in the United States, .being consid
ered one ' of the best character come
dians and stage \ managers of German
theatricals in this country, is to ap-'
pear in leading parts and will be as
sisted by the very best of local talent
formerly connected with the German
stage.
Fold's. Trial Is Set.
The trial Joseph Feld, ex-police
man, on the charge of murder was
yesterday sc' for February A 23 ' by
Judge Dunne. Feld is accused of hav
ing shot and killed Fritz Dirking, his
father-in-law, during a quarrel, about
Mrs. Feld leaving- her . husband.
TREKA, Feb. 6.— Charles McKcnzle, who
on Wednesday. was convicted of manslaughter,
Tran ■ to-day > sentenced - to ■■ five years ■ In San
Quentlxu
ANNUITANTS
SEEK RELIEF
Board of Education Asks City
Attorney as to Legality of
. liaising 1 Teachers' Salaries
COMMITTEE URGES ACTION
Would Devote Small Portion
of Wages to Swell Receipts
of Tutors' Retirement Fund
A" committee representing the Public
School Teachers' Retirement and An
nuity Society yesterday submitted to
the Board . of Education a communi
cation in which the request is made
that the City Attorney give his opinion
as to the validity of- a plan to in
crease the monthly salaries of all
teachers in the public school depart
ment by the sum of $2, the sum to be
devoted to the payment of annuities
to teachers that have been retired from
active service. As already outlined in
The Call, the sum of $1 a month, which
is now paid by the teachers into the
fund, is insufficient to pay the maxi
mum annuities. Instead of receiving
$30 a month the annuitants are receiv
ing but $25, and it is expected that
frequent inroads on the fund will re
duce the annuities to $20 or even to
$15 a month.
Should the City Attorney pass fa
vorably on the plan it will be neces
sary for the Supervisors to appropriate
the necessary sum, which, for about
1000 'teachers, will amount to $24,000
a year. If this is not done, then an
appeal will be made to the State Leg
islature to provide the means for the
required relief. The communication
follows in full:
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 6. 19M.
To the Honorable Board of Education of San
Francisco. Cal. — Gentlemen: Whereas, tho
$1 a month now deducted from the salaries of
the teachers of this city. In accordance with
a law entitled "an act to create and ad
minister a public school teachers' annuity and
retirement fund in the several counties and
cities and counties In the State," ii not enough
to pay a sufficient annuity, owing to an in
crease Jn the number of annuitants who have
become incapacitated for performing the duties
of teachers, and whereas, other employes of
the city ffovernment h&v© deductions made
from their salaries of $2 a month to maintain
a fund for the support ot employes who may
become Incapacitated for duty, now, therefore,
we respectfully and earnestly request your
honorable body to increase by $2 a month the
salary of every teacher now or hereafter em
ployed in the day schools and by $1 a month
the salary of each teacher now or hereafter
employed in the evening schools of this city,
we request that the said Increase be deducted
from the teachers' salaries and that the City
and County Treasurer credit the sum so tie
ducted from the salary warrant of each teacher
to the funds as directed by the annuity law
herein mentioned.
We would respectfully request that you sub
mit the following questions to the City At
torney as preliminary to your action on this
petition:
1. Can the Board of Education legally de
vote any portion of a teacher's salary to the
annuity fund: (a) with the teacher's consent;
(b) without the teacher's consent, unless no
provided in the law?
2. Can the board make such order by rais
ing the salaries of teachers?
3. Would a State law be operative In this
city In such cases. If not allowable under the
charter?
Respectfully submitted.
ELISHA BROOKS,
T. h. McCarthy,
THOMAS P. WOODWARD,
Committee.
» AD7EBTISEMENT3.
J. ISM I J / . / Tk e worst disease the world has ever known, and the greatest
if^SliilL!! /I/ / scour S e to tke human race, is Contagious Blood Poison. One drop of
Wir^lliP^xuf/// e v^ rus °^ this loathsome disease will pollute and vitiate the purest
xv Slife' Itf)/ an^ k ea lthiest blood, and within a short time after the first little sore
V WT^Zl a PP ears e system is filled with the awful poison ; the skin breaks out
if M*klli;!$ it %3 * n a re<^ ras^» e g^ an ds of the groins begin to swell, the throat and
I'l a0VL^ 1 become ulcerated, the hair and eyebrows drop out, and often the
fflWMwWwu/ entire surface of the body is covered with copper-colored splotches, pus-
ri I J^ _fi 1 W V. /l\ a I /fill i • • <<•*• # ■'•^« *^ r"*
" H IV tular eruptions and .sickening-looking sores and abscesses. Many a
man has been cut down in the prime of life, or his health so impaired by this vile disease
that usefulness is destroyed, and he becomes a burden to himself and an object of pity to
/the rest of mankind. Contagious Blood Poison is the most annoying, humiliating and
degrading of all diseases. It is as treacherous and elusive as the serpent. Under the
mercury and potash treatment all
external evidences of it may disap. . _£« «*-»-
pear, and the Victim misled, be \ 1 1, me * Amori g other symptoms I -was severely
V»nnvf»r1 nn 'hvfni^p' linnet; of a cure y^5^ ' \\f\jj afflicted with Rheumatism, and got almost past
DUO} ed tip by talse Hopes or a CUre, AI&W^-^M going. The disease got a firm hold upon my
while the disease may even then f^kt^^^^^M-- S 7 8tem ; m 7 blood was thoroughly poisoned
hflvp fmtfmerl it<; fino-q in some V^S^^viBS with the virus, as oharacterized by the nsual
nave iastenea^ its rangs in some ,Vf to |^qQ^« symptoms, i lost in weight, was run down.
Vital Spot Within the system, Where N Ul^~=^^rtM had sore throat « eruptions, splotches and other
it l\ dn'uicr itq destructive work un- $&X?&r\\Q&jffll « vidences of the disease. I was truly in bad
It IS dOlllg ltS deStrUCtlV e WOrK un shape when 1 began S. S. S., but the persistent
seen. Mercury has arrayed against y X;^^^^^SS2^ us ° ° f it brought me out of my trouble, safe and
it thousands upon thousands of
physical wrecks and Chronic inva- , -\ . S. S.S., and to recommend It to all Blood Poison
lidc wVirt Tinvi* he>p"n ringer! for vearq s-tfferers, sinoerely believing that if it is taken according to directions
lids who have been dosed ior years and given a fair trial it eliminate overy p |^ticie of vims.
and their systems Saturated With no matter how severe the case may b«.
these powerful dnigS, Only tO be Greensburg, Pa., Juna 16, 1903. JAMES CURRAN.
harassed by constantly returning
symptoms and confronted with unmistakable traces of blood poison years after. As long as
your blood is tainted with this awful virus you are a source of infection and danger to all
who come in contact with you, and youx children will carry in their veins the same dreadful
contagion. As long as there is life in the serpent there is danger in its fangs, and so long
as any signs of Contagious Blood Poison remain there is danger of infection. Safety lies in
crushing out the life of this loathsome disease and killing the serpent, and no remedy
known does this so thoroughly and permanently as S. S. S. It is an antidote for this
peculiar virus that spreads through the system, defiles the blood and contaminates all
healthy tissues and threatens every organ and part of the body.
iHiMifc _^^ a " a^_ '^ /ga^^ ®" ®* Con tains no mineral of any description, but is
/^.^ grfP^B^ BB^3 & uara pteed entirely vegetable, and we offer $1,090 for proof
V ll^i^u/ V^^Tj that it is not just as we represent it to be. It leaves no
bad after-effects, but purifies the blood and at the same time
ftSfcfc '\1f-H -fa-fc iT M lN>wi w builds up your general health. In chronic or long-standing
'^_!-!r 'V_y cases of blood poison, where the stomach and digestion have
11111 '■" u *\: been .damaged by the use of minerals, S. S. S. wili prove
an excellent tonic and appetizer and helpful in restoring strength and activity to all parts
of the system. Kill the serpent, crush out its life, or you are apt to feel the bad effects of
the disease all your life. If you will write us fully about your case, our. physicians will
gladly advise without charge, and mail you a copy of- our home-treatment book telling all
about Contagious Blood Poison, its different stages and symptoms, and a lot of interesting
information about this formidable and much-dreaded disease. . h
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA*
MAHONY DEMURS
TO INDICTMENT
Former County Clerk Seeks
to Avoid Going 1 to Trial on
Felony Charge Against Him
MAKES TECHNICAL POINTS
District Attorney Is Given
Till Tuesday to Submit Au
thorities in Reply to Him
"When the case of Albert B. Mahony,
ex-County Clerk, charged with present
ing a false and fraudulent claim for
allowance to Auditor Baehr, was called
in Judge Cook's court yesterday for
the defendant to plead his attorney,
George D. Cnllins. interposed a^Jemur
rer to the indictment orr the grounds
that it did not charge a public offense
•and that it did not conform to the re
quirements of sections 950, 951 and 952
of the Penal Code.
After the demurrer was filed, Collins
argued that the indictment was defec
tive, inasmuch as It failed to allege
wherein the claim was fraudulent or
false. Where fraud is charged the de
tails must -be specified. It was not
enough to follow the words of the stat
ute, but in addition the allegation
must be made wherein the claim was
false and fraudulent. He quoted sev
eral authorities in support of his argu
ment.
District Attorney Byington replied
briefly, contending that it was only
necessary to follow the language of
the statute, 1 as had been done In the
case of McGlade. convicted of passing
a forged claim. One of the cases quoted
by the opposing counsel was that of
an assault with a deadly weapon in
the shape of a stick, and he failed to
see the connection between It and a
case of fraud.
Collins said he would submit author
ities in the Federal courts to further
strengthen his contention, and the
Judge said he would take the matter
under advisement. Meantime the Dis
trict Attorney could submit authorities
in answer to the defendant's counsel
before Tuesday, when a decision would
be rendered.
BOXERS WILL APPEAR
AT SAUSALITO BENEFIT
Frank Rafael and Spider Welch
Are to Meet in a Twenty-
Round Fight.
The Sausalito Fire Department will
be the beneficiary of an entertainment
to be held at Buena Vista Park, Sausa
lito, on the night ' of the 25th inst.
The feature event will be a twenty
round boxing contest between Frank
Rafael and Spider Welch, who fought
a draw recently in Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Young Corbett will box with his
sparring partner and Jimmy Brltt.
Spider Kelly, George Green and others
will contribute to the programme.
Eddie. Graney will act as referee and
also as master of ceremonies.
GOVERNMENT'S
AID IS NEEDED
Proposal for Improvement ..of
the Channel to Marc Inland
in the Appropriations Bill
CONGRESSMAN TELEGRAPHS
One Hundred and Fifty Thou
sand Dollars Is Desired for
Work in San Pablo." Bay
Special Dispatch to Th-- Call
VALiLEJO, Feb. 6. — Congressman
Metcalf, in response to an inquiry,
telegraphs from Washington that the
naval appropriations bill that is about
to be reported to Congress will ' au
thorize the expenditure of $150,000 for
continuing tho work of deepening the
channel across San Pablo Bay.
This channel is the approach to
Mare Island Navy Yard "and its im
provement la also a matter of deej>
concern to the great shipping inter
ests centered on the southern shore "of
the straits of Carquinez.
The authorities at Mare Island
Navy Yard have received instructions
from Washington to proceed at once
with repairs on the ship Iris. The
expenditure will be large.
STANFORD ATHLETES - ,;>
• PERFORM ON TRACK
Dole Does Good Work in the lll-h
Jump and In the Pole Vault. •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 6.
The first regular atheltic meet of tha
season was held this morning on a
wet and a heavy track. To avoid in-*
jury to the men all the distances were
reduced from one-fifth to one-third,
and no accurate times were taken.
The best work of the day was done
by Dole, who easily cleared 5 feet 6
inches in the high jump. He also, did
10 feet 6 inches in the pole vault.
The feature of the day was a mile
relay race, with nine men on a side.
Trainer Moulton picked the two
teams from the best performers. Tha
blacks won. The results follow:
Mile run — Gay first. Borough second; half
mile run— Maloy first, Wright second; 410-yard
run— Grossman first. Russell second; two-m:lc
run — Frailer first, Wiley second; 1 "O-yard dash,
— Hamilton first. Woods second; 22t>-yarci dash
— Dunn fir3t. Hamilton second; 120-yard hisb
hurdle* — Lanagan first, Cruzan second; iKit
yard low hurdles — McFarland fir*t. Lanagan
second: high Jump — Dole first. Beach secon<l:
broad Jump — West first. Bell second; pol* vault
— Beach first. Dole second; "hammer- throw — •
Johnscn first. Van Slckla second: shot-put—
Eutterfleld first ; reir.y racs — B'.ackg won.
Give Dinner to Smith.
A congratulatory" .dinner was ten
dered last night to Edward L. Smith
at the Poodle Dog rotisserie. Smith
is a representative of the grain house
cf Girvln & Eyre on the Merchants'
Exchange. The following toasts were
responded to:
"Our Guest." Arthur S. Nelson; "How to
Be Happy, Though Married," Edward LuV<>;
••Why Smith Left Home." Joshua Crew; g> Tha
Past," Stewart Murdoclc; "The Future." Al
bert Ames; "The Mistake of Bachelorhood."
Arthur Kelly; "Good Fellowship/" Paul Ftnd
ley; "The Ladies." William F. Tatea; "Down
the Line," Walter Madison.JANUARY MAKES RECORD
FOR NUMBER OF SALES
Buyer of Medium Sized Properties in This City
Is Strongly in Evidence and Ably Helps to
Maintain Healthy Tone of the Realty Market
The local sales of realty In January
as reported by the San Francisco Real
Estate Circular, published by Thomas
Magee & Sons, numbered 661. They
represented a value of $3,123,022. The
number of sales exceeds those of any
month elnce Mav, 1903, although the
amount was less than the average of
the test few months. Concerning the
transactions of January, viewed as a
hole." the Circular says
Theme facts enow ttat the barer of medium
tr.eaxa la In the market. There were only two
sales recorded durlnx January which exceeded
$100,000 In amount. Had ar.y one of several
large ealea made recently been recorded dur-
ing January the fisrurea would have compared
fa\orably with any month last year. Two of
these larst eaJea will be recorded in the first
<Jaj-s of February. The amounts Involved In
«*!ea recorded in the 50-var» and l^Tara.
district* were unusually law. The sales in
the MlBol-n ("'.strict show a heavy Increase
w:ih a total for the month of $446,359. a high
er !.;jrp than for nine ::. ■::: h« p«Jt. The
*oJes Jn the Western AdJ-.iioa were at least
$200,000 above the mortify average of last
year. The Inquiry for real estate la »UU very
»'.rcrx and sales are numerous of downtown
properties and of medium rncwl properties.
1' :- from $500 to I .: n in the district south
o.' the l'ark. !n Iiirhn:ond and In the Mission
find r^ady sate. The n-Jiket persists in ita
healthy tane. Nothing is lacking to convince
«ven the raoet timid investor that the future
of San Francisco is assure*!, but many hesitate
to buy now, who regret that they did not buy
F-'v^ral years ace. In the belief that prices
mere now too high. Investments of the magnl
t-jrte of tho«e rocer.tly made by Herbert E.
I«w of $:,O00.0(K> and of the Aronson syndicate
ror three-quarters cf a miillon certainly lndi
rato confidence ar.d rhow no fear of paying
Trices that al» too hlrh.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold for A.
Hahn to Bier & Regensb^rger property
on the south line of Howard street, 109
feet cast of Second, with frontage of
fifty feet, for $30,000; for Mrs. Theresa
Zacharias to a client, property on the
pouth line of Sutter street, 87:6 feet east
of Leavenworth, with modern improve
ments, for $27,500; also the Mau prop
erty, on the south line of Broadway,
137:6 feet west of Webster street, the
holding consisting of an unimproved
lot with fifty feet frontage, for $25,000.
McAfee Brothers have sold the north
east corner of Larkin and Sacramento
streets, with residence thereon, for the
CJermania Trust Company to a client,
for $19,500. The lot is 61:6x113:6 feet.
Baldwin & Howell have sold 50x75
feet on the north line of Jessie street,
125 feet east of Sixth and adjoining the
property of the Pacific States Telephone
end Telegraph Company, with Improve
ments tbat bring in $115 a month. Prob
ably a new building will be erected.
Chatfleld & Vinzent have sold for F.
Marx to Inez W. Hutton 27:6x98:10 feet
en the east line of Franklin street,
north of Broadway, for $17,250; also 50x
100 feet on the south line of Sacramento
street, 137:6 feet east of Locust, for the
J. W. Cochrane Company to Antonio
Cuneo, on private terms; also the
northeast corner of Sacramento and
Walnut streets, 27:6xS2:6 feet, for the
account of H. D. Overfield to Charles
Clark, for $4500.
SOME GOOD LEASES.
A. J. Rich & Co. report a number of
leases. They have leased the three
story brick building on the south side
of Geary street, between Grant avenue
end Stockton street, for S. Clayburgh
to the Crescent Corset Company, for
the term of five years at $700 a month.
They have also leased the entire block
bounded by C and Fulton streets and
Eleventh and Twelfth avenues, adjoin
ing the Chutes on the west, for Judge
Wallace to the Coliseum Company for
a term of ten years for $21,000. The
cempany leasing this block will con
struct stores on the front of same and
a large auditorium on the northerly
end of the block. They have also leased
the three-story brick building at 609
California street, formerly occupied by
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. as a stable, for
a term of five years to F. D. Balch at
J200 a month. The building is to be
converted into a lodging-house.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have leased
the El Carmelo apartment -house, on
Washington street, between Polk street
and Van Xess avenue, to Mrs. Emma
Adams for Mrs. Reene for ten years at
a total rental for the term of $62,400.
The following recent sales are report
ed by F. B. Surrhyne:
R_ il. Eerndt to C. R- Hansen. two flats
»_nd.Jot. 30x23 feet, at 8 and 10 Silver street,
for $2100: Henry Fisher to Morris Stranpe,
cottage, 25x08:9. at 27 Pocd street, for $2500 ;
Mrs. Annie Johnson to M. J. O 1 Nell, the house
and. tot. 23rl37 :C. at 1503 Vallejo street, for
S.'..%0O; J. c. Spencer to C. IXuelaFs, the lot.
f>0xl2O feet, -en the east llr.e of Twenty-Brat
■wnue. ZTK> f»«t north of Fulton rtr^t.. for
$<W>; A. Rathje to J. Hintman. lot, 25xS0 feet.
r.nd four flats at 63 and C3 Woodward avenue.
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
TSRE SALE
And Second Annual
CLEARANCE SALE
LADIES* UNDERWEAR
Wool Vests from 25c up
Wool Drawers -'rom 40c up
Silk Vests from $1.00 up
Linen Vests from 73c up
Wool Combination Suits from
40c up
Ladies' .Shawls from... 75c up
Ladies' Golf Vests f rom
.fi.no up
CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR
Wool Shirts from 10c up
Silk and Wool Shirts, unshrink-
able, from 5Oc up
CHILDREN'S SILK HOODS
$1.75 Hoods, slightly soiled...^
...................... $1 «i»«*
$1,00 Hoods 75c
Woo! Hoods 25c
MEN'S UNDERWEAR
Made of wool, linen or lisle, to
sell at $7.50. $6.50 and $550 »
*uit, reduced to $G.OO, $5.00,
.54.00 and .?3.00 a suit.
Men's Sweaters, soiled, from...
$1.OO up
Boys' Sweaters, soiled, from...
5Oc up
knitJtingdo.
60 Geary Si., San Francisco.
OFSZT SATITgOATS UgTIlj 10 P. X.
for SS250; for the McGoalgla e«t«.te, th« house
and lot, 26x60 feet, at 43 Natoma street, tor
?48S0. and C. D. Ever* to Mrs. A. Goldstein,
lot. 25x122:6, on the «ast line of Shotwell
street. 235 feet north of Fourteenth, for $1950.
Thomas Magree & Sons have sold for
VT. F. Whittier the lot on the south
east corner of Pacific avenue and La
fjuna street. 87:6x115 feet, for $40,000.
They have also sold the southeast cor
ner of Broadway and Baker street,
fronting 60; feet on Broadway by 137:6
feet on the easterly line of Baker street.
For 57500 they have sold to Charles F.
Geggus for Alfred A. Tobln the prop
erty at 752 Howard street, on the north
side, 275 feet east of Fourth, 20x80 feet,
with two-story building-. To Mrs.
Boese they have sold for $600 the lot
on the north side of RIchland avenue,
175 feet west of Mission, 25x100 feet.
CENTRAL PROPERTIES.
Speck & Co. have sold far the Hol
comb Land Company to F. K. Hous
ton and Louis Frledlander 68:9x137:6
feet, on the south line of Eddy street,
123:6 feet west of Polk street, with im
provements that bring in $215 a month.
The sale price was $39,000. The same
brokers have also sold 23x137:6 feet on
the south line of O'Farrell street, with
three-story frame- building, 160:6 feet
west of Mason street, for $30,000. They
also report the sale of 40:6x100 feet,
on the south line of Sutter street, 97
feet east of Devlsadero, for Henry
Neubauer to a client for $4600, and a
lot 25xS0 feet, with a seven-room dwell
ing;, on the east side of Guerrero street,
125 feet north of Thirteenth, for Mrs.
L. S. Anderson to M. J. Hannahan for
$2650.
The C. M. "Wooster Company reports
the following sales:
Lot and Improvements on the eaet line of
Shotwell etreet. 176:7 feet north of Twenty-
Fixth. 27:10"!4xll5. for Ilerron & Holcomb.
$.'(150; for J. M. Sherburne to O. L. Scctt. lot
and Improvements on south line of California
Ftreet, east of Second avenue. 23:5x60, for
$.5000; for Louise C. Diffirlns to D. CTSullivan,
lot en the northerly line of Sutter street, east
of Broderick, 84:3x137:0. for $10,250; for E.
Hendrlcksen to P. J. Stuparlch. lot and im
provemeat* on the northeast corner of Vallejo
and White streets. 5<5x62:6, for $5125; for Pat
rick O'Rourke. lot and Improvements on the
■west line of Eureka street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, .'(0x125; for J. 6. Purcell to
Eva K. Perkins, flats en the east line of Har
riet street, southeast of Bryant, 25x75, for
$2200; for J. G. Ersln to Hiss Lucle Price, lot
on northeast line of Juniper street, southeast
of Folsom, 2T>xSO; for D. G. Paul to N. F.
Smith, let on north lino of Corbett road, east
of Mars street, 26x92.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold for
Peter Tamony the northeast corner of
Thifteenth and Isis streets, 50x80 feet,
for $8000; for H. C. Junge 25x80 feet
and improvements on the southeast
line of Folsom street, 130 feet south
west of Fifth, for $4250; for Ellen
O'Xeil 27x60 feet and improvements on
the south line of Ivy avenue, 16© feet
south of Polk street, for $3100.
CLOSES UP SALES.
Eight sales were closed by R. D.
Cranston & Sons during the last week.
The list includes the following men
tioned properties:
Six modern flats completed In last month and
situated on the north line of Nineteenth street,
252 west of Guerrero, on a lot 40x100, for
Adolph Perry to Valere Roquette; lot 27:6x
137:6. on the north line of Haipht etreet, 172
feet west of Devlsadero. for Frederick Fill
more to R. M. and Joseph Crmtello; for Wil
liam Koeniff, residence on the east elde of
Ashbury street. :J5O f<»et south of Frederick,
and lot 2i:xlW:3, to Mrs. George Campbell,
who will occupy th<» premises In the coming
month: lot on the east line of Masonic avenue,
2T> feet south of Halght street, 25x87:6. for
Thomas Hancock to I>r. L«ee O. Rodgers — the
buyer boupht the adjoining corner store proper
ty a few weeks ago through the agency of R.
D. Cranston & Pens, and plans to improve this
more recent acquisition with a handsome build
ing; to John H. Bullock, from Charles E. L.
and Thcrera E. Hildebrecht. a 2-story resi
dence containing six rooms. located on the
fast side of Pierce street. 144 feet south of
■Waller, the lot being 25x91:3: lot on the west
line of Fillmore street, to Julius Thlerbach,
for II. F. Dexter, with frontage of 37:6 feet.
This will be improved with a structure to cost
about $10,000 and will be built on a line with
the adjoining houses. Another sale was closed
of which the brokers are not at liberty to give
particulars.
John Rosenfeld's Sons have bought
from E. L. Priest of Oakland nearly
all of nine blocks near Ingl^side, be
tween Sixteenth and Twenty-fifth
avenues and S and V streets.
Herbert E. Law has bought two
Minna-street lots that have frontage
of 48 feet and depth of SO feet, di
rectly in the rear of the Rialto build
ing, on which land. It Is believed, he
will erect an addition to the Rialto
building and possibly a power house
for the new hotel that he will erect
on Market street on the old Cunning
ham-Bishop property.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Gctz & Son:
Lot 25x120. on the west line of Forty-seventh
avenue. 200 feet north of I street, to A»sunta
Bini; lot 50x120, on the east line of Forty
seventh avenue, 200 feet south of J street, to
J. D. McGown: lot 50x120, on the west line
cf Third avenue. 200 feet south of Clement
street, to C. Johnson, for $2000; lot 38x100.
on the north line of A street. 27 feet west of
Forty-Second avenue, to John Smyth, for $300;
lot 70xC5. on the west line of Forty-second
avenue. RO feet north of A street, for $."{00, to
same buyer; lot 25x120, on the east line of
Tenth avenue, 250 feet south of J street. ! to
Peter Dold, for $1000: lot 25x120, on the west
line of Tenth avenue, 175 feet south of M
street, to D. Anderson; tot 25x120, on the west
line of Eighth avenue. 225 fe*t north of O
street to Alexander Rae. for $350; lot 25x120.
on the west line of Forty-eighth avenue, 137:0
feet north of M street, to J. C. 'Wilson; lot
25x100. on the northwest line of London street,
12.1 feet southwest of China avenue, to P.
Kthflemann.
Oscar Heyman will erect stores and
flats on the northwest corner of Ma
son and Lombard streets. He will
also subdivide 165x114 feet on the
northwest corner of Ashbury street
and Tremont avenue.
Willis Polk, the architect, has
formed a partnership with J. Alexan
der "Wrisht. The firm will be known
as Wright & Polk, with offices at 124
Sansome street.
Mrs. E. S. Buckley xvlll erect three
story and basement flats on the north
line of O'Farrell street, 87:< feet west
of Octavia street, to cost $16,000.
Peter Crichton will build flats to
cost $12,000 on the west line of Ma
sonic avenue. 100 feet north of Haight
street.
IMPORTANT OFFERINGS.
The auction sale of property owned
by Mrs. Alvinza Hayward and adjoin
ing the Strathmore will take place next
Thursday at the salesroom of Baldwin
& Howell, 25 Post street, at noon. The
offering includes all of the block bound
ed by Larkin. Polk and Fulton streets
and Ash avenue except the northwest
corner of Larkin and Fulton streets,
120x150 feet In size, upon which Is lo
cated the Strathmore apartment-house.
Omitting thiri there is left 120x262:6 feet,
which has been subdivldedjnto six lots
on Fulton street, five of which are 27:6
feet front and one 25 feet front, all ex
tending through to Ash avenue, thus
giving them a double frontage. There
are also four lots on the east Ride of
Polk street, between Fulton street and
Ash avenue, each SOxlOO feet. Baldwin
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
BOTKIN TRIAL
MUST PROCEED
Judge Cook Bays If District
Attorney Is Not Beady to Go
on, Case Will Bo Dismissed
CLASH IS ANTICIPATED
Arrangements Are Still Pend
ing for the Transportation
of Witnesses From Delaware
From a remark made by Judge Cook
yesterday a clash may be expected be-*
tween him and District Attorney By
ington when the case of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkln, charged with the murder of
Mrs. Elizabeth P. Dunning at Dover,
Del., by oendfng her a bgx of poison«jtl
candy, Is called for trial on Monday,
February 15. •
A date was under consideration for
the trial of Arthur T. Winter, charged
with assault to- rob, and February 17
was suggested by Assistant District At
torney Ashe.
"It can't be set for that day," said
the Judge, "as the Botkln trial com
mences on February 15."
"We will not be ready to go to trial
on that day," replied Ashe, "and will
have to ask for a Week's continuance."
"You will be ready to go to trial
on that day," retorted the Judge, "or
I will dismiss the case. The District
Attorney has had nearly six weeks to
get his witnesses and prepare to go
on with the trial and he ought to be
ready." f
COXTIXCAXCE PROBABLE.
.Ashe did not vouchsafe a reply, and
a« the District Attorney was not in
court the matter dropped.
When the District Attorney was no
tified later of the Judge's remark he
said: "Well, let him dismiss the case.
It will not help Mrs. Botkin any, as I
will take ample measures to protect
the interests of the State. If I had
been present In court I would *iave
asked him definitely if he meant what
he said, so as to be prepared. I will
not now do anything in that direction
till the proper Jme arrives."
The District Attorney has been in
communication with Attorney General
Ward of Delaware as to making ar
rangements for transportation of the
witnesses from that State, but has not
so far heard from him definitely. Un
less the witnesses are all here by Feb
ruary 15 the District Attorney says
he will be compelled to ask for a con
tinuance. •
WAITING FOR ANSWER.
"There are two important witnesses,"
he said," "who ask $1000 compensation
each besides their traveling expenses
and expenses at the trial. They are
Professor Wolff, who made the analysis
of the poisoned candy, and Dr. Downs,
one of the physicians who attenil-.-d
Mrs. Dunning and her sister, Mrs.
Deane, who also died. I wrote to Gov
ernor Hunn of Delaware last we'ek,
pointing out that it is as much to
the Interest of his State as it is to
ours that all the witnesses should be
here to testify against this woman, who
has committed a most atrocious crims.
I mentioned the fact to him and also
to Attorney General Ward that the
State of Delaware did not contribute
a cent toward the expenses of the last
trial and I thought they should do
something this time. I am waiting for
their answer, and that is why. I will
be compelled to ask for a continuance.
I do not want to go to trial till I am
assured that all the witnesses will be
here. We cannot, of course, give any
compensation to Professor Wolff or Dr.
Downs."
Wants Suit Dismissed by City.
W. P. Johnson has asked the Super
visors to authorize the City Attorney
to consent to the dismissal of an ac
tion of E. F. Preston against former
Tax Collector Block to enjoin him
from selling property on account of
non-payment of assessments thereon
for the widening of Dupont street. A
demurrer to the complaint was filed,
but no proceedings have since been
had except that a judgment of dis
missal was entered as to another piece
of property.
4- — j.
& Howell have published a very attrac
tive catalogue, with a birdseye view of
the section of the city adjacent to the
City Hall, within 200 feet of which Mrs.
Hayward's property is situated.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will auction
lots in the Humboldt addition to the
city of Chico on Washington's birth
day. A train will leave San Francisco
on Sunday evening, the 21st inst., for
Chico, and will return to this city after
the sale, arriving here Tuesday morn
ing. The price of round-trip tickets is
$5 40.
One week from to-morrow G. II.
Umbsen & Co. will auction properties,
of which a list has already appeared in
this paper. Included in the offerings
will fce the northwest corner of San-
ADVERTISEMENTS. v
MTHE VACUUM CAP
I iBSf ""SP e m °st natural and successful treatment ever devised for -
W§lLfejK Curing BALDNESS and FALLING HAIR In either sex
V^s|s^&= By suction, the air is exhausted from the cap, which reduces
W >S\ the atmospheric pressure, thus forcing a free and active circulation
N^ of blood into the scalp and hair follicles. * Thi9 extra nutrition
supplied by the increased circulatioa promotes a healthy growth of hair and pre-
vents it turning prematurely grey. Absolute results assured. Freb Book.
VACUUM BUST DEVELOPER W
Any lady can produce a large and beautiful Bust. Nursing ojft i^
mothers can increase the flow nnd quality of their milk. JF\r^JT Jr
Special Parlor for Ladies, Suit 15, 2d Floor, Lady Attendants /^7 1 WS
fflZfa DR. LAWRENCE'S NEW IMPROVED iwSfesk
DEVELOPER & INVIGORATOR IW^/
9t for MEN is a positive means of restoring lost strength
t and vigor. It _ will revitalize through the increased flow of blood to
the parts and it i3 the only known means. by which the organs can be
developed. Combined with our improved "Perfect", soluble medi-
care gleet, stricture, prematureness, any irritation of the urethral canal,
all affections of the prostate gland, etc. For TARICOCELE we have a new
Snspensorrand Compressor, {Patent applied for) used in connection with our
Improved VACUUM DEVELOPER (sold only by us) will quickly cure every
case. Write or call for our profusely illustrated 100 page book, which faly ex-
plains onr remarkable Vacuum Treatment, sent securely sealed. For MEN only.
. ,. . Our physicians are experienced and strictly reliable specialists, and our treat-
ment sent on 10 days Triai, and appkovai.. Hours 9 to 9; Sundays 10 to 1.
Health Aoolianrp Cn 6 o'farrell st.,
ueaiui Ajjfjiidiiie 10. san francisco
Z-Pf: ADVERTISEMENTS^ ■"
F WILL PAY $1,000 FORFEIT
For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as
Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt, with electric suspensory for
men (no charge), the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice
for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age.
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make
better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis-
couraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which
the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man-
ner my Belt will replace it and will cure vou.
Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton, Cal., writes October 1: "Although you are a stranger t» me, my heart warms toward yea u a *reat benefactor and friend, aad I *m mor«
than grateful to you. Already I feel the vigor of new life In my body; no aches and no pains. T wish you every success In your work." . t
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments.
Mr. Roy Burks. McKlttrlck, Cal.. writes: "From the first night I wore the belt I felt new life In every part of my body. Th« weakness was checked Immediately, and I am now
able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure." .._...
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in
his hip. Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or paiii, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orland, Cal.. writes October 13: "My back Is entirely well, and I would not take $100 for my belt If I could not Ket another. It Is the best thins on earta for
a lame back." " •
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven t — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama. Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I told
you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I did at
thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is one I
just got from him:
"In reply to your letter I am (lad to nay that I am Just as much In favor of your Belt as I ever was, for It has been a remarkable help to me. I am seventy-two years eld, but
I do not look any more than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing rUht along, as I realize that but for It I should have been
dead and hurled by this time." •- ••;. .... .... < -. .- <r < .• > -r^*
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin s Electric
Belt. " * - J ' • '■
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and as cheap as. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be
delayed. ,
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting, no burning, as in old-style belts.
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you the
names of some of your friends whom I have cured.
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. ,1 send it sealed free. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M. C. flcLaughlin, 906 Market St., sar^aSco.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p, m, Sundays 10 to i. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 131 South Spring Street.
chez and Duncan streets, which will 50
at referee's sale. .
Ijyci' & Hoag have been instructed
to sell for the Bay District Land Com
pany property worth $250,000. In the
properties are included 200 lots on both
sides of Third avenue in the blocks be
tween A and B and B and C streets,
the east side of Fourth avenue between
the same streets and all the company's
property between Point Lobos avenue
and A street from First avenue to Fifth
avenue. There are fourteen full blocks
to be sold. Grading and street work
has beer, performed. The selling of this
property as subdivided will largely
Duild up that section of the .Richmond
distract.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will auction
realty next Tuesday. The properties to
be offered Include the following:
The >ot 25x85 feet and two dwellings at 425
and 427 Sixth street, near Harrison; lot 25:6x
80 with cottage, on the west ine of Buchanan
street 137:6 north of Washington; th«v north
cast corner of South Broderlck and Fourteenth
street* lot 26:3x86:3, with a 7-room house;
tliA lot*18:3x5C, and house, at 1113 Leavenworth
street- the lot 25x75, and Improvements at
43S and 438& Clementina street: lot 25x75.
and dwelllne, at 023 Natoma street; lot 25x75.
and four flats on the south line of Clementina
street 200 feet west of Eighth; lot 30x87:6.
on the south line of McAllister street. 03 feet
east of Stelner; the southwest corner of
Buchanan and Lombard streets, and two lots,
25xl 1r > feet each, on the west line of Fair
Oaks street 100 feet south of Twenty-fourth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The whiskey of the home is the
whiskey for you. Marquette is always
selected when some dear one is ill,
when purity and quality count— when
life is at stake— insist on getting Mar-
GBOMMES & X7I.I.BZCE, fl SPOHS-FATSXOX CO, j
DISTII.I.E3S, I . 400 BATTSXT ST, 8. P.
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS. | TBXtSrKOZTB TOJ^XS 638.
3738
GERMAN BENEVOLENT SOCIETY
CELEBRATES GOLDEN JUBILEE
I Fiftieth Anniversary of Pioneer Charitable Organiza
tion Is Observed, by Large Number of Teutons
With Fitting Musical and " Literary Exercises
The German Benevolent Society of
San Francisco celebrated its golden
jubilee last night at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. The occasion was the fif
tieth anniversary of the German
charitable association. The German
Benevelerst Society was founded short
ly after the birth of this city and for
fifty years the poor, sick and needy
German people of the city have en
joyed untold assistance from the or
ganization.
Last night the Germans of San
Franci5co turned out In full force and
made the jubilee a grand success. The
large hall was crowded to its utter
most with a gayly dressed audience.
The Pavilion w.is beautifully decorated
with a mass of greens, bunting and
flags. Around the main floor were
rows of Christmas trees and palms,
which gave a delicious, woody per
fume to the air. At the end of the
hall was a huge platform, artistically
dressed in the gayest of bunting,
greens and flag?.
On the sides of the floor were strings
of refreshment booths, where the
spectators could partake of the Ger
man hospitality. A pretty canopy of
large American flags, interspersed with
German flags and flags of all nations,
made a perfect blend of beautiful
colors.
Large numbers of prettily uniform
ed nurses from the German Hospital
and cadets from the German school
ship Herzogin Cecllie flitted gayly in
and out of the myriads of promenad
ing spectators, leaking a pretty effect.
PROGUAJIME INTERESTING.
The literary and musical programme
was especially fine and the exhibitions'
given. by tho different turner societies
drew forth well merited applause. Tho
inusic was rendered by the Park
Band, under the leadership of Profes
sors J. R. Riegger, Paul Sleindorff and
T. Voght. The band rendered many
popular selections by the most noted
German composers.
The evening's programme was open
ed with an overture by the band and
an address in German by C. Edwald
Grunsky. Mr. Grunsky told of the
birth and growth of the society. Its
worka and the vast amount of good
<5one toward helping th^ poor and
destitute Germans of the city. He
Ej>oke of the building of the German
Hospital, which has been an invalu
able aid to the charitably Inclined in
caring for the sick. The address was
well received.
Mayor Schmitz made an address of
•welcome. He said in part: ; * .;
Your association, bom fifty years aso, has
gone through many trials, but In the end
great stscct&s has rewarded jour efforts. The
.; r»r.- and grand attendance here to-nitrht at
this deanonirtratlon tells of your succcts. It
is an *xc;i*-nt tiling to have a bociety of this I
kind to care for ihe needy of your r*ce. It is
not as one charity, but if untettocd as a
common ciiamy. aidiss; In every manner the
members that need it. It Is a charity that
has lived tor tht last fifty years, almost from '
the birth of our city.
We realise that asnorv; our German citUens
we ha v«. progress! d ia every direction. I .re
joice with you in the cood work thai you have
done. Thlx celebration Is a en at success and
I comiAtulate you and with you . godspeed for
another fifty years.
PRIBER MAKES ADDRESS.
The band played a fantasie from
"Lohengrin," by Wagner, and ao orig
inal German poem written by Charles
Bundscnu was recited by his wife. The
poem was delivered in the native
tongue.
Following another selection by the
band, E. C. Priber delivered an addross
and presented gold medals to the hon
orary members of the society. In part
he eald:
111 th# mldtt of these festive strains and
'(■!» happy celebration which draws us to-
Rf-thT on '.his dny we are Rlad to gratefully
r*ffi«mbrr the un«*lfnrh labors tt so many of
..•■I in- -I.1-- t ► who !■• ".- 1 !-■. untlrlnsly In tho
» iiM'.r i »p of thl« proud monument to Ger
und ftuMt'- *p)rit a.nd German liberality. It
)* r • i ,.■->.; i. :• in mention here the tvutno of all
• i.«- fr.imi.of who merit havlwr Uietr namea
,i»intNvii In the annaU «>r the society. I
t »n «.»' i-i'i'iiMi "f but the few toward whom
i>a «■<'? i" »i,<- nUrrmu Hfi'i priralnr times,
• b* «l*4 ft thaw K* partimlor appreciation
tr #f(*»'tff»"»»*lj' 'i^liDt them honorary mem
•ft, <•' ♦»•'*• •>'?* «r« Nit six i-urvlvlrr to
t>* •» V* Iff '■•" ;■''•')- r-, and 11 la our extreme
SOME VERY PROMINENT
MEMBERS OF GERMAN
BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.
pleasure to be able to greet five of them In
cur midst.
Net always were there joyous, harmonious
strains wafted tc our ear*. Still do the times
of hardship IlriKtr In our memory, wlwn. not
withstanding many yearly May festival?, lib
eral endowments and an-licaticn of ever}- ef
fort, our society vras obliged ot muster all It*
energy for the btruggie. Heavy indebtedness,
lar,?e :nc:tpag-es our property often threat
ened Its very existence. There was particularly
one rran who stood by us loyally with his pood
counsel, his learning, his Influence. Reuben
H. IJryil was ever reaay, without any view
to i-en-onal eain. to Ftand up (or us and to
de< iare an«l protect our rights. I have the par
titular honor, in the name of the A. I>. U.
O.. zo present you. Mr. Lloyd, with this medol
ns * token of our everleFtins pratefulnefs. May
heaven !c»k continue to bits* us wl^h your
true friendship.
HISTORY OP THE SOCiETY.
Atnonm the manv men who have served
the society so unselfishly, one class is con
spicuous — the doctors. Kor many years dur-
Inir the early c-aretr. of this association did
the very b?*t physicians of the city place their
valuable services, without any charges what
ever, ct the disposition of the society. No
summons froir> the rufferlnr remained un
an*wertd."Of all these rrwn there remains
but one. In our n-'.Jst. Dr. A. Wilhelm,
IVictor, permit me. In the name of the so
ciety, to present you with this medal as a re
peated fijrn of our Fineer**! appreciation. May
it ever remind you that there is no name the
rremb^rs esteem more, than your own.
• WhfneYtr our hiFtory-. shall be published,
there will be no pece written with more
pleasure, or read with more pride, than that
which will be devoted to the patriotism and
the wonderful, voluntary sacrifices of our
women.
In 1877. when our new ho*oital had been
completed, all available funds had been ex
haust*<l, and many thousands were still needed
fcr equlnment. An aroeal to the ladles re
ochxwd frcm /sr and wide with their approval,
ar>d under the competent and sympathetic
leadership of Mrs. Gustav Markus a large fair
took place, which realised ?21,000. Mrs.
Markup, in the name, of the society, do I pre
sent you. at this happy hour, with the medaL
May i» recall to your mind those days wh»n
you rave the best you had. your time and
your energy, for the welfare of your poor
compatriots.
Still tht* last large' sum could not do away
wit:-, all the difficulties in the future. As th
board of directors In 1SS2 esrrnssed them
selves: Notwithstanding balls and festivals
the 'xpenditures far exceeded the income. It
fKined rather a ri?k to. put the phenomenal
F-jccers in the experiment of the first fair to a
necond test; yet there remained no alternative,
and arr.iri the !adirc were called upon. And
a« in the r-ol'.d ranks of a phalanx, fo rose
the entire German population en rnarse under
the sympathetic influence of a triple star. With
Mrs Muser, Mr*. Hce!:t and Mn. Hess as
k-aders, an unexce'lrd enthusiasm was aroused,
resulting, as we ell know, in an extraordi
nary fe-uceess.
The Atlantic Is row stretching between Mrs.
Herht and ourselves, unfortunately depriving
us of the Pleasure of having her with us.
But, Mrs. MuFer and Mr?. Hcfs. I take pleas
ure in presenting yrra In th« name of the so
ciety with this medal, as token of our ever
lasting appreciation.
An augmented mixed chorus under
the direction of J. R. RIegger sang
"Harmonie" and "Die Wacht am
Rhein." At the conclusion of the
Fpeechmaking; and singing fifty young
men and women, artistically costumed,
performed a series of dances on the
stage. They were Ioudiy applauded and
were compelled tb repeat their dance
again and again. The young men were
dressed in white sailor clothes and the
girls prettily attired in short white
dresses.
GRAND PROMENADE HELD.
A grand promenade was then held
and several hundred couples walked up
and down the huge hall to the strains
of sweet music made by the band,
which rendered Eeveral well-known
airs, among which were:
••Processional March," aus Montczuma (H.*
J. Stewart); overture. "Prince Asmadaeu**'
(Theodor ' Vogt) ; ' au* der suite "Peer CJynt"
<a) Anltra's Tanx. (b) finale (GrieR); waller,
"Ocschlohten aus dem • Wiener Wald"
(Straw*); "PiUrerchor aus Tannhanscr" (Wag
ner); "Jlakuczy Marsch" (Liszt>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
At the conclusion of the promenade
pupils from the San Francisco Turn
Verein and the Mission Turn Verein
gave athletic exhibitions.* The San
Francisco Verein wan led by Hans
Goetz, and the young men performed
some startling and Interesting feats of
strength and athletic training.
GIVE ATHLETIC EXHIBITIONS.
The Mission Verein pupils gave an
exhibition of the formation of a series
of human pyramids, which were named
as follows: The fan, the crab, the strad
dle, the contortion, the scale, the flag
arid the crown. The pyramids were
formed on two ladders, and the various
contortions into which the turners
threw themselves brought forth much
applause. Those that took part in the
athletics were:
Robert H. Harth. Instructor; Adolf G. Wel
racr. leader: Alhin GentRChl. Al Mueller, Max
Cohn, Louis Ruef, Theodore Gaetje, Hugo
Huntze, Edwarfl Slartln, Richard Siess.
It was late in the night when the
celebration broke up and as the merry
audience wended its way homeward
every one voted ft one of the most en
joyable events ever held by. the Ger
man speaking people in this city.
This afternoon and to-night the cele
bration will be continued. This after
noon will be devoted principally to the
children's festival. The orchestra will
be led by Professor Louis N. Rltzau.
Those that were the recipients of gold
medals last night have rendered to the
society through its many years of
growth untold assistance by gratu
itous services. They are: Reuben H.
Lloyd, for many years the legal ad
vlser and stanch friend of the society-.
Dr. A. Wilhelm, thp visiting physician
of the German Hospital for over twen
ty-five years; Mrs. G. Markus, who
had charge of the fair for the benefit
of the society In 1876; Mrs. O. Muser,
who was president of the second fair;
Mrs. I. Hecht and Mrs. F. Hess, who
were vice presidents of the second
fair.
Among those to whom in a large
measure the success of the golden Jubi
lee was due are: .
Past presidents — Joseph Branden»teln. Cesar
Bertheau Chartrs BundJchu. Dr. Ju1lu.« Koe
blg V. C ltlber, B. Broemmel, Charles E.
Hansen Richard Finking. I. Gutte. Hugo
Ilerzer and C. E. Grunsky.
The executive committee consists of
the following:
C K. Grur.fky (chairman). Charles Bund
fchu. F. W. Dohrmann. Edward Kollofrath,
Dr E. Steltzner H Gutzelt, Henry Epstein,
E " C Priber M. A. Berthcau. Karl Uhllg,
Dr. Konrad Well. A. H. R. Schmidt and U.
Danker.
A Korean Cinderella.
In Korea the people tell a Cinderella
story that Is much more ancient than
that familiar to western people. The
key of the latter story ia the slipper,
but not so theirs. Peach Blossom, the
Korean Cinderella's j rlame, was the
family drudge. One, day as the mother
was starting off with the favorite
daughter to a picnic she said to Peach
Blossom: "You must not leave until
you have hulled a bagful of rice and
filled the broken crock with water."
While sitting there bemoaning her hard
lot she heard a twittering and fluttering
of wings. Looking up she saw a flock
of sparrows pecking the hulls off the
rice. Before recovering from her sur
prise a little imp jumped out of the
fireplace and so skillfully repaired the
crock that but a few minutes' work
was required to fill it with water. Then
she went to the picnic and had a royal
time.— Chicago News.
Worth Passing Along.
Lawyer 1 (expert rhorthand reported)
—I say, James, the boy. from the news
paper office has called for tho report of
that lecture. Is it finished?
James (a novice)— All but a short
sentence In the middle of it, and I can't
for the life of me make out from my
notes what it is.
Lawyer— Oh, just put I "gr«at ap
plause" and let it^go. %'
James acts on the suggestion and the
lecture "is sent for" publication with the
doctored part reading: "FjMends. I will
detain you but" a few moments longer.
(Great rrr'aiise.)"— Tit-Bits.
NOTED EDITOR
IS BANQUETED
Dr. Albert Shaw Is Honored
by Fifty Representative
Citizens of San Francisco
WRITER CHARMS HOSTS
Delivers a Brilliant Address
on Municipal Reforms, 'and
Business Administrations
One of the most able addresses ever
delivered before a gathering of business
men of San Francisco was given last
evening, by Dr. 'Albert Shaw, the dis
tinguished editor of the Review of Re
views, who was the guest of h6nor at
a banquet tendered. him by fifty repre
sentative citizens at> the Palace Hotel.
..Tor. two \ hours Dr. Shaw eloquently
addressed his hosts on the subject of
municipal;: government; and those who
were fortunate enough to listen to the
speaker^ were -loth' to have him con
clude.
,_'The address was one of great instruc
tive value and will certainly have good
results inSan'Francjsco, for those .who
heard the address are - men • who are
keenly interested in' the upbuilding of
Sair Franclscd' and the betterment of
j the 'conditions of the > citizens of this
city. - ; ■• ..:•■-
Dr. Shaw _ spoke without notes, and
a. tone of cheerful optimism was -ever
present in '- his address. In telling of
conditions in New York City Dr. Shaw
spoke kindly of certain politicians. He
did not attack those who have opposed
municipal reform, and did not' paint a
! dark future for American cities strug
gling with grave problems. The address
was a plain, practical talk that carried
/conviction in every word, and was re
warded with loud plaudits at its con
clusion.
INTRODUCED TO HOSTS.
Frank J. Symmes, who presided at
the banquet, briefly introduced Dr.
Shaw to the gathering. The toastmas
ter paid a tribute to the ability of the
guest of honor and declared him to be
one of the greatest authorities on mu
nicipal government of the day.
Dr. Shaw was greeted with cheers
when he rose to speak. He modestly
stated that he was but a "reporter of
events" arid a student of municipal gov
ernment, and then told how he had first
become acquainted with the possibili
ties of introducing municipal reform in
American cities.
The speaker told how he had gone to
Scotland and there found the existence
of municipal reform. He described the
situation as he found it in that country,
and how he had found the conception
of a modern industrial community. He
said it was the height of his ambition
at that time to write an article on his
discovery and have it published.
Dr. Shaw then described his expe
riences in other large cities,* including
Manchester, Birmingham and London,
and how he had gone to France and
Germany to study municipal conditions
in Paris, Berlin, Vienna and other con
tinental capitals. ' . .'.
In describing his experiences in the
cities mentioned Dr. Shaw said he found
everywhere a desire on the part of some
men to benefit the conditions of the
people at large. He told of the effective
measures taken to fight epidemics and
to improve the dwellings of the poor".
He described the progress made in
those cities, and how the first step in
municipal reform started from a sani
tary point.
REFORMS^ IX IiARGE CITIES.
Referring to the reforms in American
cltieg Dr. Shaw in part said:
It Is a wonder to me what has been done
in th* last fifteen years. We have made great
progress in adapting ttie large cities to the
wellbetnR of the people. Men see clearly
what Js their duty, and that it is not a hope
loss task to undertake BDinethinK for the bene
fit of the. community. '
There have been many obstacles. Including
Government Intrenched In party and the
ppolls Bystem. The first utep In municipal re
form Ftarted In Enelarul. The death rate In
the larpe cities was alarming, and something
had to be done to sive the population. The
sanitary question was the kej-note- to the
whole situation of municipal reform.
When men found they were successful In
dealing with the sanitary question, they
turned In otb»r directions. One sten led to
another In succesp. They took up the ques
tions of cleans'.nc the streets, the problems
of housing the people, Hshtlne and water
questions. They preached the gospel that men
could live whfTe they had to work, and that
H was aulte possible to make the city more
healthy than the country.
Th*n came the question* of education. th»
building of rroper schools and safeguarding
the health of the children. They learned the
right kind of BCteotlflc building of great cities
and the science of rapid transit.
Rapid transit does away with overcrowding.
It eradicates the slum spots, and with th«OnUl
of eompulfwry education we can hope to drive
away poverty.
Large cities no longer fear epidemics. Whe»i
men found that epidemics were not to be feared
they gave their attention to beautifying the
cities and finding breathing spots ar.d parks.
Municipal reform started In Europe In 1S75
and It has made great progress In America
under peculiar political conditions.
PROGRESS LV \EW YORK.
In New York City many great things have
been done foi the benefit of the people. New
York Is the pivotal center of the country, and
what Is possible In New York -Is far easier in
other cities. Central Park and the Croton
acfjueduct are 'some of the : great municipal
undertakings of New York, and they have been
studied by large cities In Europe. The build-
Ing of the big bridges between New York and
Brooklyn, the work of rapid transit tunnel*
tinder the rivers, the great rapid transit un
derground system, are tending to solve the
problem of overcrowding 1 .
Dr. Shaw then described the steps
taken for the cleansing of the streets
of New York City. He told of the aw
ful condition of affairs that formerly
existed and how Colonel Waring had
revolutionized them and instit ited a
system that was respected by the poli
ticians who did not dare to interfere.
. TRIBUTE TO ROOSEVELT..
Dr. Shaw paid a tribute to President
Roosevelt^ for the work he had. dose
when Governor of New York State in
securing needed reforms for the me
tropolis.
The gentlemen who tendered the
banquet to Dr. Shaw were the follow
ing named:
A. H. Vail. John A. Foster. J. V. Grant.
John McNaught, Vfi J. Button. A. S. Baldwin.
Dr. T. Wi Huntlneton, M. Greenebauru, A. M.
Davis,. C. -E. Baker. Professor Frank
P. Ureen, Dr. Edward R. Taylor, Gavin
McNab. William Thomas, Dr. K. Pfachel,
William Denman, William Searby, E. B.
Young-, E. B. Pond, Arthur R. Hrlggs, AI. I*.
Oerstle, L. M. King. U. H. Swayne, K. I?.
Hale. A. J. AIcNicoll. Horace ■ Davis. Frank
J. Symmes, Henry A. ueterlng. James D.
Phelan, F.-H. Meyer. George T. Wright. E. B.
Payne, F. - J. . Koattr, jofeph Hntchinson,
Colonel E. A. Denlcke, A. A. Watkins, F. A.
Dtnlcke, Profeshor Louis LIU D. Lisser. War
ren IK Swayne Dr. James W. WarJ, Dr. Ra
fael Lorlnt, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Herbert
E. Uw, Warren Gregory. William iU Mills.
J. F. Merrill. Charles Webb Howard. John
Lloyd. . ' . •
Dr. Sh. was entertained at lunch
eon yesterday afterm, t by Ex-Mayor
Phelan at the Bohemian Club, a num
ber of prominent citizens be'ng guebts
at the affair. : . . -
A STRIKING LANDSCAPE IN COLOR
BY A FAMOUS ARTIST, ENTITLED
1 "AN AUTUMN SUNSET" |
| By CARL WEBER ||
"AN AUTUMN SUNSET."
The scene of this exquisite picture is a Southern sunset in the fall
of the year, when the leaves arc turning and nature pats on her mas-
qnerade. The landscape is tinted with the parting crimson glow of the
setting; sun, all giving the impression of a calm, cool Indian summer day,
when nature, weary with summer's gnyety, is falling asleep in her gala
dress. Fine perspective and harmonious handling of the many tints em-
ployed add to the value of the picture.
The original oil painting has* been reproduced by the newly per-
fected process of color photography, which retains every beauty of line anil
color with marvelous exactness.
The artist, 3fr. Carl Weber, is an American, born in Philadelphia, bis
father being the celebrated landscape painter, Paul Weber. After some
* study in his native city he went to Munich, where for some years he stud-
ied under European masters. He is a landscape artist of unusual force
and sympathy with the beautiful in nature.
• Don't forget it's FREE with
EVERY DEALER AND NEWSBOY HAS IT A^D WTLI*
BE PLEASED TO TAKE YOUR ADVA:N*CE ORDER.
THINK IT KEY
ROUTE'S MOVE
People Sec Hand of Oakland,
San Francisco and San Jose
Baihvav in Real Estate Deal
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Feb. 6.
In the sale of a piece of property that
has just been made the people of Wal
nut street think they see the first move
of the San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railway in its campaign to secure
a right-of-way through their street
Into North Berkeley. A good deal of
mystery envelops the transaction and
the. parties to it refuse to commit
themselves in any way.
The property In question, consisting
of 17S feet on Hearst avenue and 48
feet on Berkeley way. was sold by
Frank E. Armstrong of Walnut street
to Walter E. Lucas for $10,000. That is
a pretty stiff price and one a railroad
would pay only under pressure. Who
Lucas is is unknown to Berkeley. Fran
cis Ferrier, through whom the sale was
made, says he is a San Francisco spec
ulator, but he will not deny that he is
connected with the "Key Route." Mr.
Ferrier himself is understood to be very
close to the Oakland Transit and "Key
Route" officials and it is known that
he has engineered a number of real es
tate deals for them in Berkeley.
If the "Key Route" has really ac
quired the property, it has removed
one barrier to its entrance into North
Berkeley by way of Walnut street. The
only thing that Intervenes now is the
property between University avenue
and Berkeley owned by Mrs. Sarah
Acheson and others. Walnut street. It
continued from Hearst to University
avenue,, would cut through all this
property. •, •.•
Some time ago the Board of Trustees
was petitioned to open Walnut street,
but the residents objected on the
ground that the railroad sought to get
a franchise through it after the street
is opened. The people do not want a
railroad through 'their street because it
is tco narrow a thoroughfare.
Manager F. C. Havens Is in the East
and W. F. Kelley said that if .rfuch a
move had been made he knew nothing
of It, but that it might have been done
through half a dozen different real es
tate agents who made purchases for
the Realty Syndicate.
Mahnrn's Minstrels at Dewey.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— Mahara'B min
strels will open a week's engagement at
the Dewey Theater with a matinee to
morrow afternoon. The scenery and
costumes are entirely new.
"Oh, mamma," shouted little Reggie,
as he ran to his mother in great glee,
"what do you think? I was just over
there where they're putting up the cir
cus and they're tilling the ring all full
of breakfast food."— Sunset Set.
The Purist— I don't like your use of
the slang phrase, "slated for the of
fice."
The > Politician— But I am speaking
of the office of coal inspector.— Chicago
Tribune.^ - : .
RENTS ROOM AT PALACE
AND DUPES CLOTHIERS
Man Registering as "Jack" Corbctt
of New York Makes Away
With Suit.
Who is "Jack" Corbett of New York?
The police have a desire to know and
their inqulsitiveness is stimulated by
a similar desire expressed by the man
agement of the Palace Hotel and the
members of a well-known local busi
ness firm. Yesterday forenoon a tall,
well dressed young man, bearing /the
semblances of an innocent traveler,
presented himself at the counter of
the Palace and grabbing up a pen
hurriedly scrawled "Jack Corbett, New
York." on the register page, asked for
a room and bath, mumbled something
about hi3 three trunks coming along
soon and then turned about and fol
lowed a bellboy up to the room as
signed to him by the clerk.
Two hours later a delivery man
from a Kearny-street clothing firm
asked anxiously concerning Corbett at
the cashier's window of the hotel. He
explained that Corbett had purchased
$50 worth of clothing from the firm
and had ordered it delivered at once
to the Palace, where he said he would
be prepared to pay for it. The man
took the clothes to Corbett's room,
where the latter adorned himself with
the articles and after apparently sat
isfying himself that the fit was sat
isfactory, told the delivery man to
take a seat while he went down to
the office to cash a check. The man
■waited for half an hour for the return
of. Corbett and then becoming alarmed
went to the hotel office, where he was
informed that the new guest had
cashed no checks there and had not
been seen since he had engaged his
room. *As a matter of fact, he has not
been seen since then by any one con
nected with the hotel and the suspi
cion prevails that he took a room for
no other purpose than to dupe the lo
cal clothiers.
Lincoln Annuity.
Assembly No. 1 of the Lincoln An
nuity Union at Its last meeting in Jan
uary admitted ten strangers by ini
tiation. It also received several appli
cations for membership. The speak
er of the assembly appointed the clerk
a committee of one for a period of
three months to provide entertain
ment for the "members of. the new as
sociation under the good of the order
at each meeting. There were addresses
on the general prospects for the or
ganization, after which a collation
was served.
The foundation is being laid for the
establishment of several assemblies in
"this State, as well as in Oregon.
Host — So sorry you have to be go
ing.
Guest — Indeed, I am. too. By the
way, I'm not sure about my train. It's
9 something, but
Host's eldest — It's. 9:32. Pa said he
hoped you'd take that one. — Philadel
phia Record.
"So you're learning to play chess,"
said Maud. "Yes," answered Mamie.
"The moves must be very difficult."
"Yes. But *the* worst part Isn't the
moving. It's the keeping still." —
Washington Star.
Which pleaaes a man best, a lajy
woman who Is agreeable or an indus
trious woman who Is cross?
Bob Toombs* Way.
• General Robert Toombs was as im
pulsive as he was courageous. Once in
the midst of a hot political campaign a
stump orator said something about the
general's arrest by Robert E. Lee for
Insubordination, frightfully distorting
the incident. Toombs wrote one of the
hottest letters of his life and was about
to seal it when a friend entered his of
fice and seeing him much agitated in
quired the cause. The letter was hand
ed to him to read, arrd when he had
finished it he remarked, "You don't In
tend to send it to him?" "I do." said
Toombs. "Better wait till to-morrow,
and think It over, general." "Never, sir!
I have known him to be a liar, a black
guard and a thief all his life, but never
before had cause to tell him so. The op
portunity is now offered, and I wouldn't
miss it for tha Senatorship. Walt till
to-morrow? Think it over? That la to
throw away the chance of a lifetime.
Strike while the iron Is hot. sir. Bob
Toombs is the iron; Bob Toombs is hot!
Toombs will strike!"— New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Mr. Pulitzer's school of journalism
will hardly go so far as to require that
its graduates shall understand the
meaning of magazine poetry.— Kansas
City Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8 TO AFFLICTED §
1 MEN |
» My institution offers g
jj* many advantages to men jQj
S who are suffering with dis- $
g ease or endangered by a §
g weakness. g
§ My remedies, which have «
j§ stood the trying test of time, jg
§ arc compounded by graduated O
p pharmacists in my own private O
1 I laboratory/- FREE §
,_ . . TO PATIENTS, §
Private My methods and S
Book a p p l j an " 3 t ave I
c .proved, by thou- <
For sands of actual
pi«n tests, to be supe-
1 ien rior to all others. <*
Hree My institution is S
ax. the largest and «
r»£ best equipped and O
Office m >' practice the g
_ „ most extensive. «
Or by I make a spe- jo
Mai! «ialty of nervous S
mail. debility and the P
MKWMMMMi weakness which §
accompanies it, YaricoceFe. <>
8 Gleet, Stricture, Blood Poison, g
g Contracted Ailments. Diseases §
g of the Kidneys, Bladder, etc, «
§ AND HAVE BEEN SUC- §
g CESSFUL FOR MORE «
S THAN 17 YEARS. We have §
long been operating a success- P
S ful home cure system, and give §
S consultation free at office or by o
« mail. If you cannot call write O
S me a statement of your case. V
I G. K. HOLSMAN, M. D. I
§ 739 Market St.. S*a TtmaciMCo. %
K ' (Too Floor.) X
O Hours — 9 to 8 dally; » to 12 8mter«. aNEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
WILL PREPARE
FAIR EXHIBIT
Teachers of Alameda County
Meet to Outline the Display
for Exposition at St. Louis
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
Plans were perfected to-day at a
meeting of the principals of the
schools of Alameda County for* the
preparation of a county school exhibit
for the St. Louis Exposition. A gen
eral i committee, consisting of P. M.
Fisher of the Oakland Polytechnic
High School; D. E. Martin, Livermore;
Itiss Alice Swasey, Fruitvale; Miss
Clara Kettleson, Haywards; Arthur E.
Weed, Pleasanton; Chris Runckel, De
coto; H. W. Lynch, Centerville; James
Malloch. Emeryville; Mrs. Esther B.
Webb, Haywards, and Miss Genevieve
McKeener, Independent, was appoint
pd to have general supervision of the
preparation of the work.
The general committee met and ap
pointed P. M. Fisher, C. H. Greenman,
Miss Alice Swasey and James Malloch
a sab-committee to prepare between
now and next Saturday an outline of
what is d«»enied necessary for such an
exhibit, when the work will be taken
up in the* various districts, superin
tended by the members of the general
committee and methodically carried
out by teachers and pupils.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — A unique leaj) year
parly xrei eiven this evening in honor of
four ecKs-eed oou ple« *?y Mr. and Mrs. J. N.
J'ccnercy and Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gannon.
The >umuL people who formed the nucleus of
this \-rry pleasant &3&!r were Geortw Lackey
io<i ili«s Scupi^ni, Charles Dunssiocr asd
Miss Stevens. Dr. Morey and Miss Koenls,
Arnold Neodhaia and Jfiiss I^rkey, the gen
lifacD of tie party beicc thr especially hen
<.rrd cue*.
rroprersivt "heart*" was the cboaen p&me
for t!.e evenine. and the favors, eccre-cardti
and decorations all carried out the «inie sug
gestion of an aCalre du coeur. Etrlsgs of tiny
rnX hearts w»re fentocned cracer-lly from the
•■h&ndeliers to the wails and ■"sweetheart"
pictures were everymhem Sa evidence. Favors
w-r» «:vcn wltij each proffressior., and con-
Mated of dainty heart-shaped bits of brlc a
brae. Tfce «cor*-cardj trcre a cr<?at source cf
jinjusexawit. Tfcey w«-ro man-iris e Ucensa
Hacks which bad been titled In with burl<*sque
..-.-.- and place**, many of the parodies being
beta clever and appropriate. k
Kach enragt-d man «ai also given an "er-
KSgeinest cup" — rrot<?s<;ue. qualatiT eha.ped
article*. •
Ord -tables were orraaced for about thirty
fi\e .".:- = •* ia the era wine-room and library,
where a profusion of rr-d carnation* blended
prettily with th« hearts In the scheme of
deccration. /
Among the mest*. Jn addition to the com
;..-:■.. r.-. J ones. t»«-c Dr. and Mrs. A. F. Mer
rlr-^an. iir. and Mrs. K. S. Kitchener, Mr. and
Mrs. \Vi::iam Green. Mte* Elizabeth Scupham,
ills» :- :!u Evan*. Mies Minnie Kvan*. Misa
Kvads- BrickeU. Miss Ixwj Brickell. Misa
I>orothy W'helan. Hiss lsahell* "Whelan. Mts3
Kont^orcery Durv-an. M:sa Edith <JhirtioIm,
Miss Idii UobbinB. M!s-> L,yil& Robbins and
H«£«erF. Thomas Gascon. Edward Wolf, Fred
erick Wolt. CItntnn Erickell. Oeorce Harring
ton. Arjrus McDonald. Howard Erickell. Dr. 11.
K:.ne and Dr. Will Wh«Ian.
• • •
rrobaWy the biggest aOalr on next week's
'elendar is the card party Hiss Kvs. Powell is
; ...r.nixsg for the afternoon of the 13th. in honor
>.! three young bndea — Sirs. Sisson (nee Cheek).
Zirt. Kiaueel ine* ieunlng). and M.-». Parcells
me* Shreve).
The invitation list Include* about 200 nairies
and the aSair prornlees to be one of unusual
brilliancy.
<Jn the We<laesday followlce lilts Powell
will give * luncheon to eighteen girl friends In
h<"nor of Misa GeraMine hcuphaia.
-V. .>« Scuphant, who Is being much enter
talned. wi!l be the motif of the card party
\lr%. Dudley Kinseil will give on the 27th at
iian X«candro.
• • •
In «plt* of tb« rain MIps Ruth Hcwghton'i
tea la hoscr cf Miss Rose Goddard of Connecti
cut was well attended and was one of the
▼•••^fn prettiest ♦•vents. .Mies Houxfaton was
a^isted in receiving by Miss Elsie Campbell,
?Jiss Ilessie Havens. Miss Jessie Craig. Miss
«"armen Sutton. Miss Noelle de Gclia. Mies
U!!ian Reed. Miss <".«-:?=-» I>ohs». Miss L<etitla
Karrj'. MIks Marion Walsh, Miss Cornelia
Htrattcn. Miss Rachel Morrow. Miss Marjory
'"oogan. Miss Carol Moore oT San Francisco,
.Mfss Kathcrine Brown, liiss Rose Kales, Miss
Arn McElrath, Mis« L«ulse Halt
The Ilamjony Whist C!ub rpent a pleasant
*T:fTOoou yesterday at th* residence of Mrs.
T. H. trflUim on Oak street. The first prize
p.af own by Mrs. F. R. Cfcadwick; the second
by Mrc M. L. BroaiJvrell. This is the fourth
r-rire carried off this season by Mrs. BroadwelL
ITie other »eAben> of the club are: Mrs.
N. J. Brown. MtT E. L Bartholomew, Mrs.
F. n. Chadwick. Mr». F. H. I>orsax. Mrs. R.
I". I>T, Miss Ada Dalton, Mrs. A. Gonzales.
Vrs. J. I* Milton. Mrs. J. E. Xalrne, Mrs.
liarry V. Pa.rrr.tt. Miss Salli« Worley. Mrs.
1». T. Stevens. Mrs. A. P. owe. Mrs. J. T. Dille
and Mrs. T. llcffmaa Williams.
• ... "•-;■• ■
Mr*. Everett Ames Is planr.ir.g a luncheon
In hennr cf Miss Rhr^ia Howell. whose enga^e
-.•■:: to Fletcher Aznes wa» recently an-
MIm Mabel Thayer Grsy, accompanied by
b»r ;a-T.-s. Mr. «lt>4 Mrs. George D. Gray,
arrived home from* Chicago yesterday.
Mies Gray is convalescing slowly frora her
recent eefere illness, but it is hrvped that the
mild clin-.ate' of OaJc!fiji<i will aid very rr.ate
rlally in her rapid return to health.
Dr. *sd Mn. II. B. Mehncana expert to
".:* lor the south next Monday for a tea
days' stay In Loa Angeles and vicinity.
Mr*. TV. W. Etandeford Is r'acr.lng a trip
throotn th« southern part of the State. Bhe
may leave in tlm« to tak» In the State Fed
era-ticn «.t Eacrainento on her way to the
-soul*. . . .
Un. F. M. Keath. «ecretary of. the Elate
Federation, ar-d Sirs. C. R. etlbbens. m, de!e
%tat« to the convention at Sacramento, are
Msltlcg In Oakland. Both ladi«s a»e from
rivcr"li3e and ar* well known In club circles.
They Ver* recentlr «0terU'.ne4 by Judg* and
Mrs. George Samuels.
• • •
Vrt _ virgl=l* Goodsell and the Misses Good
*e'l will give an "at home" next Saturday
D *fternoon at their home, 1425 Van Ness avenue,
* Ean Francisco. « . •
Mrm. Robert TTatt and 3In. B. W. Elesan
will be delegate from the New Or.tury Club
to th« State Federation *t Sacramento next
oreek. m # m
I3ERKELET. Feb. 6. —^The engagement Is
announced of Miss Frances Frencb and Fred
erick <*. Dorety, both members cf the Unlver-
Ftty of California. Miss French Is a daugh
ter of Mra. F. W. French of 2239 Ellsworth
f.rect and a senior la the college of social
r.Vnc<«. Mr. Dorety Is a graduate of the
x'.rAvertltj and now a lecturer In law, having
recently returned after Fpesding two years in
the law college at Harvard. The wedding day
liT» cot yet been set.
• • •
Chi Omega Eororlty entertained its friends
Thursday afternoon at en "at home" In the
rororlty house on lildire road. The* house was
decorated wilh hucklcberr*- and bamboo. The
FU'-stf were received by Mrs. H. A. Shilling.
Mr*. F. T. Page, Mrs. Charle* M- Bafcewell.
Mrs. George W". Merman and Mra. Henry E.
Noycs. assisted by the young ladles of the
rorrrity, araonj whom were Miss Faith
Fhoup, Miss £adle Sturtevant. Miss Adelaide
r-artlett. Miss £u«an Bitting. Miss Edith, Wil
r-cx. Mies Grace Derby. Miss Bessie Holbrook,
Miss Dora Plas-emann. Miss Hazel Hoffman.
Miss Adelaide Ilazlett, Miss Grace Holler.
Miss Kthel Meredith. Miss Mary McBride.
Mlfs Elaine Hotter. Miss Helen Presho, Miss
Mary Jeasup and Miss Alma Barnett.
• • • .
AltAH'EDA. Feb. 6. — Joseph Kaowlasd has
recovered from his recent serious illness and
to-day was able to be on the street lor the
first time in a month.
• • •
Company G. Firth Regiment. IT. O. C. will
give a masquerade ball Jn Armory Hall on
Tuesday evening, the JCth inst.
. • • •
The Ust assemhly of the Friday Cotillon oc
curred In Bnclnal Hall. Miss Ethel Plummer
and Miss Kr. therine Searle were floor man*
•xers. The patronesses of the function were
INJURED MAN'S
LIFE IS EBBING
Henry Nelson Makes Statement
Saying He Was Assaulted
and Robbed by Footpads
STORY IS SUBSTANTIATED
James Shields, Night Watchman
at Yosemite Laundry, Gives
Corroborative Information
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
It Is believed the man found In the
stable of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company with a fractured skull
is going to die. His name is supposed
to be Henry Nelson. According to a
statement made by him to Dr. Relnle
he was attacked by two men and
robbed of $40. Aftey lying uncon
scious for several days, he revived to
an extent, but has , been unable to
make a coherent statement of the af
fair. To-day Detective Shorey was
placed on the case to make an inves
tigation.
"What lends color to . the injured
man's statement is evidence offered
by James Shields, night watchman at
the Yosemite Laundry. He identified
Nelson as the man he saw come by
the laundry with his head bleeding
and in a dazed condition on the night
of the alleged asault- The man was
staggering and Shields says he
thought he was drunk and that his
wound was superficial.
Nelson was moved to the County
Infirmary to-day, but is slowly sink
ing- ;T»~i"j
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The Astronomical Society of the Pacific has
awarded this rear to Sir William Huggins, who
has distinguished himself in the field of astro
physics, the medal it gives every year for dls
ticctlon la astronomical research. This award
was iszde on tie recommendation of the di
rectors of the leading observatories of the
wcrid. Amaa: the C&llforniacs who had a
ehrrre in deciding upon the choice are Pro
fessors W. W. Campbell and R. W. Aitken
o" the IaIcjc Observatory, Professor A. O.
Lcoschner of the Students' Observatory and
Dr. Sidney G. Tonraley, formerly an instructor
in astronomy at this university.
The coming of Professor Hugo de Vrles of
Amsterdam to the university at the next sum
mer s«asioa will brine together the two men
most learned in the secrets of plant life — Pro
fessor <Je Vrie« and Luther Irjrbank of Santa
Rcsa, Professior de Vries' researches have
been carried on in the aeld of mutations of
species in plant life. He represents the the
oretical a*jx»ct of that which Mr. Kurbank has
accomplished practically in his experimental
gardens. For a number of years a corre
spondence has been carried on between these
two gentlemen and each has written to tha
university of his great pleasure in anticipation
of the meet jig. Professor de Vries desires to
visit Mr. Burbank's gardens at Santa Rosa, a
wish which the California horticulturist is
eager to gratily. Mr. Burbank desires in turn
to soend some time in Berkeley during Pro
fessor de Vries' visit.
The studer.t fire company held ita first drill
yesterday morning on the campus. Without
any preliminary announcement the company
was called out of bed at an early hour to fight
an imaginary are In the chemistry building.
It was a successful drill and the Imaginary
fire was completely saturated with water in
three minutes after the alarm was turned In.
In order to call people to the new Greek Thea
ter and display Us advantages President Wheel
er ha» suggested that a series of Sunday con
certs be given in the theater. His plan la to have
the music organizations of the university, the
orchestra, isle* club, choral society and quar
tets, give these concerts on Sunday afternoons,
the programmes to occupy about an hour. The
plan has met with general favor and will be
taken up by the music organizations at their
meetings.
The Mandolin and Guitar Club has elected
the following named new members: Guitars,
W. E. Hawley, J. P. Prer.dergast, W. M.
Gabriel and T. D. Andrews; first mandolin. J.
R. Buchanan: second mandolins A. J. Clarke'
H. E. Sherman. P. M. Cassidy, E. A. Crane
and )a. E. Steinfelt.
The blackface artists and actors who will
take part in the sophomore minstrel show o.i
February 12 are being trained by Emit
Kruschke. The members of ' the cast and
chorus are E. S. Rust. E. A. Lo-TC. I*. A.
Kistler. R. P. Newcomb, W. R. Jeweli, Ia.
H. Briggs. Ia. R. Quilliara. V. A. McCIyrnonda.
W. H, Hopkins. W. W. Boardman, J. A. Mar
shall. M. H. Eins>teln. R. O. Moyer H. Ia.
Hagan. F. V. ' P.cutt. S. M. Chisholm, H. E.
Burton. C. B. Moore, W. A, Schmidt Walter
de Leon, II. C. Unaeott. L,. A. t,in.lley, G. A.
Robinson, D. Stebbicger, L. E. Stern, L. J.
Miller, H. F. Ott aad F. M. Thompson. Miss
Phoebe Binney will take the placo in the
farce made vacant by the resignation of Miss
Ann Thatcher.
Professor Gaillard Lapsley, until recently
a member of- the history department, has been
called to a lectureship at Cambridge Uni
versity. After leaving the University of Cali
fornia he went to Use University of Pennsyl
vania as instructor In history, having taught
there during . the fall and winter months of
last year.
Compositions of W. A. Sabin.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— A special musi
cal service will be held to-morrow even-
Ing at the First Congregational Church,
and the selections will be the composi
tions of Wallace A. Sabln of San Fran
csico. Mr. Sabln will act as organist.
The solo quartet of the church, Mrs.
Grace Davis Northrup, Boprano; Mrs.
Carroll Nicholson, contralto; James F.
Vasco, tenor, and Walter E. Nicholson,
basso, and a chorus choir of sixty voices
will render the following selections:
"Magnificat" iond "Nunc Dlmlttls,"
chorus and quartet; "My Soul Thirst
eth," chorus and soprano, alto and ten
or solos; "O Jesus, Thou Art Stand
ing," soprano solo; organ solos — (a)
"Bourree"; (b) "Abschied" (Schumann),
transcribed for organ by Mr. Sabln; (c)
march in E fiat (Schumann), tran
scribed for organ by Mr. Sabin.
Dismisses Case Against .Fisher.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— On motion of
the District Attorney, acting on the
word of the prosecuting witness, the
case of disturbing the peace preferred
against "Sam" Fisher, the West Berke
ley saloonkeeper, by E. E. Newton, was
dismissed by Justice Edgar. Fisher
was tried twice on this charge, the Jury
disagreeing In each case. ■'■-*.
Gasoline Schooner Launched.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— The Expansion,
a twin screw gasoline schooner, was
launched to-day from Boole's shipyard.
The Expansion will- be commanded by
Captain J. E. Nelson.
Mrs. E. H. Brown. Mrs/J. J. Searle and Mrs.
(j. E. Plummer.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel A. Rlngo held a fam
ily reunion Thursday afternoon at their home.
2224 San Antonio avenue, to commemorate
the seventieth anniversary of Mr. Rlngo' s
birthday. .Among, the guests were Mr. and
Mrs. Henry E. Ringo, Mrs. R. B. Pn.ll, Mrs.
J. H. Tingham, Mrs. Max Kemp. Mrs. E. A.
Allen, Miss Ethel. Allen, Miss Itessle Tates.
Miss Ruth Allen. Miss Eleanor Tingham, Miss
Dorothy Tineham. Henry Allen. Russell
Yates, Raleigh Ringo and Edward Allen.
If a man never does anything wrong
he never does anything.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 7. 190*.
VICIOUS MISCREANT STARTS
RUN ON AN OAKLAND BANK
Unscrupulous Malefactor Sends Telephonic Messages
Throughout City and Depositors in Savings Institu
tion Become Frightened and Close Their Accounts
DUCK SHOOTERS
ARE INDIGNANT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 6.
Sportsmen who have cabins and
lockers along the marshes near New
ark are in a storm of indignation over
the acts of thieves, who, regardless of
hunters' hospitality, have gone into
many of the cabins and looted them of
everything they contained. While
food has been sometimes disturbed,
sportsmen heretofore have left decoys
and other shooting paraphernalia in
their cabins in perfect safety from one
year's end to the other.
Last week a sloop was stolen from
a Newark man and that same night
the hunting lodges of Charles Shaw,
the Graham brothers, Joseph Silva,
Hatch & Jacobs, T. B. Thompson and
of a number of San Francisco sports
men were broken into and everything
taken. It is believed the sloop was
used to carry the loot away. John
Doe warrants have been sworn out and
a diligent search Is being made to
trace the miscreants. £
HUGHES CLUB ANNOUNCES
PROGRAMME FOR CONCERT
Miss Lnlita Wasley Will 3Iake Debut
at Event Next Friday at Uni
tarian Church.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — The annual
concert of the Hughes Club will take
place at the Unitarian Church on Fri
day evening, February 12, and prom
ises to be one of the most attractive
events planned by this splendid mu
sical organization. A pleasant feature
of the evening will be the debut of
Miss Lulita Wasley. the young daugh
ter of Mrs. F. A. Wasley of this city.
Miss Wasley is said to have a mezzo
soprano of unusual richness and dra
matic power, and although not yet 18
5'ears of age her tones are unusually
mature and give promise of a brilliant
musical future.
Several fine choruses for women's
voices are on the programme, includ
ing "Young Lovell's Bride," by W. E.
Haesche; "Winter Song," by John
Hyatt Brewer; "My Home Is Where
the Heather Blooms," by De Koven;
"Behind the Lattice," by Chad wick;
"Barcarolle," by Denza, and the fine
chorus from Gaul's "Holy City,"
"List the Cherubic Host"
Among the soloists will bo Mrs.
J. Llewellyn Williams, Miss Lulita
Wasley, Miss Florine Juillerat and
Mrs. Arthur Bessey. The club will
be assisted by Horatio Cogswell, the
barytone, and Hother Wismer, the
violinist.
Waflt to Go to West Point.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— Seven young
men, seeking appointment at West
Point, were examined to-day at Boone's
Academy. The youth passing the best
examination will be recommended to
the. military academy by Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf. The. result of the
examination will be- announced later.
Those who competed are T. W. Ley
decker, Alexander S. Gassoway, Donald
H.. Connolly, R. I. Jones, Ralph W.
Weymouth, Thomas Steere and H. M.
Palmer.
Find Halpruner Guilty.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 6.— Dr. J. 1 H. Hal
pruner was found guilty to-day by a
Jury in the City Justice's court of dis
turbing the peace of J. T. Hardin. a
carpenter. Haloruner was fined $15.
He was accused by Hardin of
threatening to shoot him because
Hardin had by mistake constructed a
sink in the wrong part of Halpruner'a
house.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Walter M. Sil
vers, over 21, Emeryville, and Cather
ine M."Lineham, over 18, Oakland: 1
Clarence P. Fish, 24, San Diego, and
Lulu T. Wanek,18, San Francisco. V ' \
One of the laws of gravity* is never
to laugh at your" own Jokes.
SCENE DURING THE RUN
WHICH WAS CAUSED BY
MALICIOUS RUMOR.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— The damage that
can be done by one maliciously In
clined person was shown to-day when
a run was started on the Oakland
Bank of Savings. Untrue telephonic
messages, which have been sent broad
cast through Oakland within the last
two days, caused the run. The injury
was chiefly done to depositors of the
bank, who sold their books to scalpers
or withdrew their savings, sacrificing
Interest.
The bank had plenty of cash on hand
to meet all demands, and, as a matter
of fact, owing to the unusual pros
perity of Alameda County, there was
more money In the vaults of the bank
than they have held for years. Not
only was the bank in this condition,
but in less than an hour after the run
started the Oakland institution had re
ceived offers of cash from San Fran
cisco banking houses ihat would have
paid off, dollar for dollar, every liability
of the Oakland institution.
But In the face of these conditions
hundreds of people stood In line in the
rain before the -doors of the Oakland
Bank of Savings, waiting to draw out
their money.- The run that started
mildly yesterday grew into large pro
portions to-day and by the time the
doors closed at noon more than $150,000
had been paid out. It was given out
by the bank officials tb-nlght that about
400 depositors had closed their accounts
and a little less than 8200,000 had been
paid out. Coupled with this statement
the bank officials added 'that they Had
In coin in their vaults more than two
and a quarter millions of dollars, with
another 52,000.000 worth of United
States Government bonds, which" can be
converted Into cash at a moment's no
tice..
FOUR MILLIONS, OX HAND.
"We stand ready to pay out more
than four million's of dollars In cash
at any time, and could meet, the. total
claims 'of our depositors as fast as we
could pass the money over the coun
ter," said W. W. GarthwaUe, the cash
ier and general manager of the bank
to-night.
All of this shows how easily one man,
who desires to injure.the reputationof
a financial institution, can play upon
the fears of the public. The only' peo
ple that profited by the trouble were
a few scalpers, who made a few dol
lars by" buying . up books from those
that were anxious to get out of the
rain.
Most of the people that withdrew
their accounts did; not. know what to
do with the money, after they; got? it.
One woman took out $12,000; which was
given her in gold coin. When she got
her. money she " sa" t down; and cried. .
The Oakland Bank of Savings keeps
open : for an -'hour on Saturday .night
to * accommodate those . that \vlsh(^ to
leave their salaries paid them. during
the day. . The bank opened promptly
on : time] tornightt with three windows
busy. One window paid out $28,000, and
received no. deposits. --The- second ;Win-.
dow • received 'i about $500 more ' than It
paid out," ; and -the-' third, window] re
ceived $12,000 more ; than if paid ' out;
making the net withdrawals for I the
evening small,- about $15,000. •
'The * peculiarity; of ; the evening busi
ness was that a number of those that
APPOINTS LAD
TO WEST POINT
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, February 6.
William Chute Jacob*;- a graduate oZ
the Berkeley High School, has been
honored by President Roosevelt with
an appointment to the West Point
Military Academy. AH the preliminary
requirements for "entrance into that
military school have been fulfilled by
the youth and he will leave during the
last -week in May to take up his studies
in military science.
In appointing this youth,. President
Roosevelt is exercising one of the pre
rogatives given him by his office, under
which he is permitted to name candi
dates at large for West Point. In this
case he acted on the application of the
appointee's father,. Colonel 'J. W.
Jacobs, formerly of Berkeley, but now
of Governor's Island, New York.
Young Jacobs has passed all the ex
aminations required of him with flying
colors. He is now a student at a pri
vate school in Oakland. . . : -- :~sX
Mrs. Syle Seeks Position.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.— Mrs. Edith
Syle, widow of the late Professor Louis
du Pont Syle, has applied to the board
of trustees of the public library of
Berkeley for a position as assistant li
brarian. | She desires the first vacancy
that occurs in the library staff.
withdrew their deposits in the morning
returned them in the evening.
POLICE INVESTIGATE.
. The .matter has been turned over to
the police for Investigation and an ef
fort will be made to locate the man
tha/ caused the trouble. Cashier Garth
walte traces the matter to a man who
had a little trouble with the bank over
a claim of $6, whick was finally paid,
but after receiving his money he de
parted making threats against the in
stitution. He is believed to have been
the author^ of the telephone messages
which were sent throughout Oakland.
Bank Commissioners W. H. High and
C. H. Dunsmoor, both of Oakland, made
a complete examination of the bank's
books to-day and at the close of busi
ness to-night they issued the following
statement:-
The Oakland Bank of Saviors etatement at
close of business \ February 6. 11)0-1 :
Resources— Cash. $2.253.«3 22; United
States Government borxls. f 1.960,000—Jt.218,
368 22; ' other bonds, $1,980,903 43; loans and
discounts.. $813,709 S6: loans on real estate, $4,
180,170 SS; expenses, etc., $5,633 11; . bank
premises, $165,000: other real estate. $27.
623 57. Total. $11.38S,407 77. .
Liablllti»s— Capital paid up. $720,000: re
■erve fund. $114,127 63: due depositors. $10,
477,480 13; due banks and bankers, $4400 47;
Interest collected. $37,0*3 76; rents, exchange.
etc. $5293 63: dlvtdenda unpaid. $67 60; r«
eerved for taxes, $29,986 83. Total. $11,388.
407 77.' v
We ■ have rarefuly • gone ov«r tha , cash and
securltls of th« Oakland .Bank of Savings and
find them - In first-class condition. The alarm
of numerous depositors Is entirely uncalled
for. We find that tha bank Is amply prepared
to pay all demands' In full, and is In every re
spect In first-class condition. There Is no more
conservative bank «n the State.
. i C. H. DUNSMOOR.
■} - . ■ WILMAM H. HIGH.
Bank Commissioners.
Lost Civilizations.
It 13 now rather more than twelve
months since M. Syen.Hedixi; returned
to Europe from his long expedition of
exploration in Chinese, Turkestan and
Thibet.- which lasted from" the summer
of 1899 to that of 1902.^ -Two volumes
Just published byj him give' a full ac
count of his wandering3 and: his geo
graphical discoveries, which consti
tute most Imaortant additions, to sci
ence. He found • - oh the confines of
Chinese 'Turkestan traces of an ex
tinct civilization, and excavation
brought to ; light, coins and other re
mains, which, have been' Identified as
associated with - a powerful state - sit
uated * in th*e . third century; : between
Turkestan and the • Huns, and ' having
as ' its capital ' the flourishing c4ty of
LoTvlan, , of /which mention occurs .'sev
eral' times In Chinese .records." . The
country " was /. completely obliterated
and burled, under the* sand storms
which about this epoch set In In the
region.— London "Globe.
It's hard ; to convince the ;oldest In
habitant 7 that ' the* good . die young;
LEAVES CITIES
OFF THE ROUTE
Haywards and San Leandro
Are 3Iuch Excited Over the
Western Pacific's Plans
BOTH TOWNS SIDETRACKED
Rumor That New Company Con
trols Line Between Fruitvale
and Leona Heights Circulated
Oakland Office San. Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 6.
The people of Haywards and San
Leandro have become much excited
over the discovery; that the "Western
Pacific Railroad will be built from the
Livermore Valley to Oakland without
touching either of those places. It
has never been dreamed for a moment
that the new road would not touch at
these very Important points and the
knowledge that not only had a route
been found that entirely avoided these
towns, but that the rights of way
along this route had been secured,
came as a decided shock to the two
cities that have been crying for rail
road competition.
It is said by a gentleman who has
been interested In securing rights of
way for the new road that the people
of both Haywards and San Leandro
put valuations upon their property so
high as to make it impossible for the
road to buy a line through either
town, consequently the road was com
pelled to find a way up the Redwood
road and then over the hills to Fruit
vale.
But there is another story that is
being told, though it Is not vouched
for by any official of the road. Hay
wards and San Leandro are on the line
of the Oakland, San Leandro and
Haywards electric railroad, now owned
by the Oakland Transit Company. -If
the Western Pacific Railroad had been
built through those cities it would
have paralleled ( within a very short
distance this electric road and would
have injured the value of the prop
erty. The Oakland Transit Company
also controlled the California Railway
to Leona Heights, which furnished an
excellent entrance into Oakland from
the Redwood road on the eastern side
of the hills. This second story is that
the Oakland Transit Company has
agreed to turn over to the Western
Pacific Railroad the line between
Leona Heights and Fruitvale if It
would agree not to parallel the electric
line to Haywards.
The fact that the California Rail
way Is beinsr rebuilt and that no
rights of way have been filed between
Fruitvale and Leona Heights for the
new road gives color to the foregoing
theory.
News of the Labor Unions.
OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— The Order of
Railway Conductors will give its an
nual ball at Maple Hall on Monday
evening, February 29.
W. H. Leonard of Cripple Creek.
Colo., will deliver an address on "Mili
tary Despotism in Colorado" at the so
cialist headquarters, 403 Eighth street,
to-morrow evening. «
The Building Trades Council has
elected the following executive commit
tee: President, A. H. Hetherlngton;
vice president, D. E. Bell; secretary, F.
H." Pratt; sergeant-at-arms. Morris
Scanlon.
Millmen'8 Union No. 550 will give a
smoker at the next regular meeting,
Friday evening, February 12. The
members of the committee of arrange
ments are J. L. Sternitzsky, H. O. Pear
son and C. Wallberg.
SEND YOUR SWEETHEART
Then Let Her Read
the Two Full Pages of
..Half Hour Storiettes..
- ■_ a i
••Hugh Grantley's Valentine."
••In the Hospital."
••A Valentine for Viny."
••Her Leap Year Inspiration."
••Concerning a Vowel."
••One of the Family."
••Pike's Peak or Bust."
By EDWIN LEFEVRE.
••The Two Vanrevels.",
By BOOTH TARKINGTON.
••The Woman With a Mission."
By COLONEL KATE.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF.THE CALL IN
ALAMEBA COUNTE
OAKTiAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77. j
ALAMUDA.
1435 Pork Street.
. Telephone Eagle ' 903.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
SATURDAT. FEBRTTART «.
Cecelia M. F. «nd Joseph R. Nixon to Serena
A. Dows!n(, lot on S line of Sherman »venu«.
9% E or Telegraph. E S2.67. S 113.47, VT 32.31.
N 118 to b*stimin«r. ponton lot 21, «ubdlvtsioa
Mosswocd Tra^t. Oakland; $10.
Pu*et Sound Lumber Company to Helen J.
Pierce (wife ql W. W.). lot on SE Its. of
Eighth avenue. 85 SW of East Twenty-thlr-1
■treet. SW 40 by SK 10O, portion of block 137.
Clinton. East Oakland: S10.
Frank A. and Julie Nr IJttle to Calrln Wtn
ehell, lot on W Une of Wheeler «tre«t. 100 X ef
Ashby avenue. N 40 by W 110. b*ta« lot 6.
block D. Adeline Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Thomas Augustus Sweeney to Everett Sttn
dlft, lot 8. Sweeney Tract. Berkeley; $10.
George- D. Metcalf (executor, etc. «stat» «f
Etnellne Colton Brockway. deceased) to R. B.
Kachlein. lot on >» line of Delaware street. 310
E of MllTla, E 43 by N 133. lot 23. block A.
Jor.es Tract. Berkeley: $1130.
Mary S. MacDonald to John II. and Adel*
It.- Cresan. lot en SW corner of Prince street
and Shattuck avenue. S 30, W 109.33. N SO. E
112.28. being portion lot 1. block H. Jfswbury
Tract. Berkeley: J10.
Efclc C. Jones (as trustee tinder win of An
drew Jones, deceased) and Jan* C. Jor.e*
• widow) t« Florenzo Carreaio. lots 20 tr» 25.
block 2. Berthier'i Addition tn Jones Tract.
Elmhumt. Brooklyn Township: $10.
A:naii» and George II. Kahn to Ferdinand
Mler. lot on SW corner of Central avenue and
Union street. W 49:5. S 150, E 43:7. N 139. b«
lns lot 1. block 1. Bartlctt 50-acre Tract. Ala
meda; $10. .
Thomai Prather to Cfcarle* G. Hardy, lots
on XW corc*r Filbert and Thtrtteth streets.
W 150 by X 100. belnjr low 20 to 28. block 670.
Glaacock Tract. Oakland: $10.
Charles G. Hardy to Thomas Prather. Iota
on XW corner Filbert and Thirtieth «tr»et«.
W 130 by N 100, betn* lota 20 to 26. block 670.
Glascock Tract. Oakland: $1O.
James B. Fair to Rudolph Ehlers. lot In
Mountain View Cemetery. Oaklasd Township:
»1O.
George S. and Minnie- A. Brand (wife) to
Keal J. McKeon. lot on SW line- of Lake ave
nue. 313.C2 SW of I.Inda. arena*, XW 120. W
73.86. SE 127.70. N"E 36.08 and 16.7S to be
ginning, lot 11 and portion lot 10. block A.
Sather Tract. Oakland: $10.
Mary and Adolfo Martinelll to N'elll* C.
Henry, lot* on !nter«ectton of lin. M N of
Delaware street and line 44:6 "W of east bound
ary of lots 17 and 18. Janes Tract. N 38. W 90
to Grove street. S ."6.34. E 91.3 to beKtnnlnff.
beir.fr portion of lots 17 and IS, block B. Janes
Tract. BerkeUy; $10.
Sciplo Ratto Single) to Xellle C. Henrr. lots
on N'R corner of Delaware and Grove streets.
E 95. N 54. W 01:3 to Grove. S 34:1 6.10. belns:
portion of lots 13 and 19. block B. Janes Tract,
Berkeley; «10.
Marion T^. and Jc«et>h C. Mo wry (trustees
estate of D^Hna MowYy. Marlon *L... Joseph C
end Frederick W. Howry) to Neal J. McKeon.
Iota on SE corner of Addlaon street and
Spauldlnj avsnue. 8 138:4. E 123.23. N 165.72
to Arl.!i«7n street. W to bejrlnnin*. belnr por
tion of block 1. Soauldins Tract. Berkeley; $10.
St. Mark's Boys Entertain.
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— The St. Mark's
Boys* Club gave its first entertainment
last evening in Shattuck Hall In the
presence of a large audience. The boys
are all trained gymnasts who have
practiced under the direction of Pro
fessor William Smyth, and all their dif
ficult exercises were greatly enjoyed.
After the entertainment the audience
Joined In singing "The Star-Spangled
Banner."
Salts in Divorce Court.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6. — Divorces were
granted to-day to Ida Wittich from
Jacob Wittich for. desertion, Isabel R.
Wentworth from Charles Wentworth
for Intemperance and Annie A. Fitzger
ald from William J. Fitzgerald for cru
elty. Suits were begun by Mary B.
Schneider against Henry Schneider for
cruelty and Sarah E. Carr against
Thomas M. Carr for desertion.
Pelouze Estate Distributed.
OAKLAND. Feb. 6. — The final dis
tribution of the estate of the late Su
pervisor William S. Pelouze was or
dered to-day by Judge Hall. There i3
$23,900 70 on hand, of which half goes
to the widow. She also receives th«
interest on the other half as long as
she lives. *
3940
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ . U^J.* : :
■* Miss Alice M. Smith, of Minneapolis, j
Minn., tells how woman's monthly suffering J
may be quickly and permanently relieved by j
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound* j
v a Deab Pinkiiam:— I hare never before given my endorse- j
aent for any medicine, but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- \
pound has added so much to my life and happiness that I feel like !
making an exception in this case. For two years every month I -would i
have two days of severe pain and could find no relief, but one day when j
Visiting a friend I run across Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- j
pound, — she had used it with the best results and advised me to try it \
I found that it worked wonders with me ; I now experience no pain and
only had to use a few bottles to bring about this wonderful change. I
use it occasionally now when I am exceptionally tired or worn out." —
Hiss Alice M. Smith, 804 Third Ave., South Minneapolis, Minn., Chair-
< rn*r\ Executive Committee Minneapolis Study Club.
Beauty and strength in women vanish early in life because of
monthly pain or some menstrual irregularity. Many suffer silently
and see their best sifts fado away. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound helps women preserve roundness of form and
freshness of face because it makes their entire female organism J
healthy. It carries women safely through the various natural i
crises and is the safeguard of woman's health.
The truth about this great medicine is told in the letters from
Women published in this paper constantly.
Airs. C. Kleinschrodt, Morrison, 111., says:— ~^
-. " Dear Mes. Pinkham : — I have 'suffered ever
% smce I was thirteen years of age with my menses. [
-jftf^WJJH^ iky They were irregular and very painful. I !
rai^W«^vv doctored a great deal but received no benefit. !
SSI 'Isa'v "-^ friend advised me to try Lydia E. I
\&J,0—.^ /^- v ||*l, Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which I j
• mWt W& did, and after taking a few bottles of it, I found |
/y&|f^n ■^ r * F "3Ienstruation is now regular and without
ggH^^Vr^* yf P^in. I am enjoying better health than I have
SK&lii^f^^^S. for sometime."
fjT //fi'IWmTnTn W ~. How is it possible for us to make it plainer
/ I IIimHI I tO that L 5" dla E- Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
' I ' 1|" I 1 pound will positively help all sick women ? •
III All women are constituted alike, rich and poor, j
I I / high and low, — all suffer from the same organic
' troubles. Surely, no one can wish to remain weak i
tad sicklv, discouraged with life and without hope for the future, when proof "j
is so unmistakable that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable.Compound will j
core monthly suffering — all womb and ovarian troubles, and all the ills J
peculiar to women.
rt r f\ A ft p o R F E IT if w * cannot forthwith prodnre the original lettan sad lignatcret of
\*MlSilIt a-buve tcitixacnialj, vkieh will proTe their abiolute cenuineneM.
WUUUU Lydi» E. Piiikh»m MedicJQo Co., X-y»n, Mas*.
The value of the merchandise brought
into the country during the year from
islands which have recently come un
der the American flag was: Porto Rico,
$11,031,195; Philippines. $11,372,584; Ha
waii, $26.242,S63— a total of $4S,6SG,64S,
against J20.252.563 in 1897. The ship
ments of merchandise to those islands
during the year were: Philippines, $1,-
C2F.S03: Hawaii. $10,840,472: Porto Rico.
$12.246.225— a total of $27,125,606, against
$6,772,560 in 1S97.
Shoestrings are largely made from
the skin of the beluga, or white whale.
which is known as "porpoise leather."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
*~^~ Jv ' Jrj^^kV^ A ■ if
and
Developing
AT CUT RATES.
My work In this line 1« well known to
be h»rh erade. I <lo a larger out-of-tewn
business In drvelojitng and prir.tlns than
aDj-body on the cnat:t, I am sb!e to ob-
tain the best possible result* Jn developing
cJtfrgr Dlatec or Alms. Here are a few of
my Jflcc 81
DEVELOPING. 7KZBTJJTO.
Roll or 6 JOclSollo f1nl*h..ac to Tir
Roll or 12 15ejVelox finish.. 3c to iio
I earn' In rto<-k all fixes of films for
t kodaks. Size. lS*.x2Vi. «"> expo»ureii. 15o—
X2 exposures, -.'«••; size 2\ix3*i. 6 ••»-
ix^rure*. 20c — 12 exposures, 40c; nlze 2 l ix
4'A. C ■exposure*. i.V-— 12 exposurea, ItfJc.
Other elze» at equally l«v prices.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W.' TITTS. the Stationer.
1008 atABJCET ST.. Above Powell.
San Francisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And ail other facial blemlshe* are removed by
PH.. and Mfttf.-A. W. TltAV-EHFE. Donohoe
budainx. 1170 Market etrtet. cor. Taylor, rooms
2fc-2J«. with the electric needle, without pain or
■car: prmanftccy iroaranteed ; l,our» 1 to 4 p.m.
dc/top/s and Co//cges.
SMt...'i.i *vylS\~ \im i i n n.yyV»^
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TUB
WEST. 24 Post «U Baa Francisco. CaL
Est»t>ll«hed 40 yea.ru. Open entire- year.
Writ* fcr iUiutrst*d«ate1ccu«"*frM).- '
PROMISE RARE
MUSICAL TREAT
Comlriiied Choirs of St. Luke's
and Advent to Bender Stein
er's Oratorio for First Time
A musical event of the first import
ance will be given at the Church of the
Advent next Sunday afternoon, in
which the male vested choirs of St.
Luke's and the Advent will combine in
a rendition of Sir John Steiner's ora
torio "The Daughter of Jaixus." The
choirs aggregate a hundred voices and
In addition to the organ a large orches
tra will assist. The soloists will be:
Soprano, Master Harold Forman; ten
ors, Frank Onslow and Richard II.
Hunt; basso, Henry L. Perry.
The festival wiH also mark the be
ginning of use of the reconstructed or
gan, just completed. The Advent or
gan was built in New York in 1875 and
at the time was the largest instrument
in the State. Every organist of note
has at some time played upon its keys.
When the new church was built, the
old organ was found in Its place in the
new sanctuary and did v excellent serv
ice, but age began to tell upon it and
qualify its once beautiful tone. More
over, the demands of the elaborate rit
ual required a larger ..nd more power
ful instrument and at considerable ex
pense its range has been greatly aug
mented. It ,now has twenty-three
speaking stops and nine pedal move
ments, The honor of Inaugurating the
new organ has been delegatei '.o Will
iam H. King, organist of the First
Conrrcratlonal Church, Oakland, who
will render several difficult organ se
lections. Under his masterly hands,
the perfect tone and capacity of the
new organ will be demonstrated.
For the oratorio, Walter A. Sabln,
orgL-iist of St. Luke's, will be the ui
rector. John de F. Teller will preside
tt the organ. Entrance v/ill be . fcy
ticket only.
Important Leap Year- Notice to
Ladies.
Sir. Davidow. formerly with A. Kahn,
vill open a first-class Fancy and Plain
.rfidies' Tailoring Establishment at 796
5uttor St.. cor. Jones. -Mr. Davidow has
oft for New York Jn order to secure the
at«»st designs and < patterns, so that pa
rons may be assured that his establish
ment will contain the latest in styles and
mportatlons. Mr. Davidow will be in a
>osition to give better satisfaction than
;ver and on his return will, as an induce
nent, give 300 regular JSO suits for $55.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ .CALL, .SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, moj.
WEDDING WILL TAKE
PLACE IN MARCH
Betrothal of Miss Donna
Felter to Lieutenant
Powell Announced.
By Sally Sharp.
' Cupid has been a busy little chap
this winter and his activity has-borne
good fruit. Scarcely a week goes by
that his handiwork is not made evi
dent by a new betrothal, and this
week has brought a plenitude. And
now comes the announcement of an
affair of Interest to society on both
sides of the bay, the betrothal of Miss
Donna Bloomfleld Felter, daughter of
Mrs. E. A. Trefethen of Sausalito. and
Lieutenant Henry Todd Powell of the
U. S. S. Arcata, now stationed at Port
Townsend.
The fair bride-to-be is a graduate
of Irving: Institute in this city and is
possessed of a most charming person
ality. Lieutenant Powell, who will
claim his bride in early March,' is
evidently popular In navy circles and
is an officer of many attainments out
side of naval affairs, having been
graduated frofti Cornell and Johns
Hopkins universities with honors.
The Doctor's Daughters are busy
again. But are they ever Idle while
there is yet work to do? Money must
be raised for the blessed work they
have in hand,- the caring for the halt,
the blind and the wretched, and they
have planned a splendid scheme to
get it — by giving the public the worth
of \\s money. And herewith is how:
On the 25th of March in the new rid
ing academy on Seventh avenue and C
street they purpose giving a horse
show, a brilliant, dazzling Gothamite
horse show. That will take place in the
evening for the "grownups,"- but that
the little ones may help in' the case of
their poorer brethren and at the same
time have a radiant good time there
is to be a circus, not quite so big, per
haps, as Sells Bros.', but leaving it
at the post as to quality.
Ten boxes have already been disposed
of at private sale, but there are yet
a few remaining.
That the affair will be a society sen
sation Is a foregone conclusion. The
Doctor's Daughters never do things by
halves.
■ The tea given by Mrs. Toy her
daughter Mabel at their Pacific avenue
home yesterday in honor of the Misses
Duffy, of Rochester, N. Y., was a, de
lightful affair.
Receiving with these charming host
esses were Mies Elizabeth Allen, Miss
Ruth Allen, Miss Margaret Wilson,
Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss Elsie
Dorr, Miss Helen Bally, Miss Marga
ret Newhall. Miss Elizabeth Mills, Miss
Marian Huntlngton, Miss Frances Har
ris, Miss Constance de Young, Miss
Bessie Wilson and Miss Elsie Tallant.
How splendid the MardI Gras will be!
Such gorgeous decorations have never
before been hung In the temple of art
on the hill.
Every box except three has been
taken by the following: H. P. Hus
sey, Joseph D. Grant, Willis E-
Davis, Frank J. Sullivan, Thomas
J. Barbour, Mrs. J. E. de Sabla,
Major Darling, George H. Lent, Colonel
M. H. Hecht, Mountford S. Wilson.
Mrs. . Rudolph Spreckels, William Bab
cock, General M. H. de Young, James
L. Flood and James D. Phelan. Mr.
VETERAN* FIRE FIGHTERS',
IXSTALLATIOX BANQUET
Old-Time Heroes of San Francisco
Meet at Table and Enjoy Their
Annual Reunion.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's
Association gave its fifteenth annual
installation banquet in a Powell street
rotisserie last night. There were near
ly seventy of the old-time fire laddies
of the days of the volunteer depart
ment present. There were also pres
ent as special guests of the festal board
Judges J. M. Troutt and F. H. Kerrigan,
Fire Commissioner Parry, S. J. Loop
and E. C. Stock. Judge Hunt acted as
toastmaster.
The new officers of the association
are: Steve Bunner, president; W. H.
Miller, first vice president; J. Aitken,
second vice president; H. Ryer, third
vice president; W. Fahrenkrug, treas
urer; J. J. McMahon, secretary; J. W.
Williams, financial secretary; J. M.
Thomas, G. W. Bayreuther. Thomas
Lord and M. Devine, directors; P. Cur
ran, T. Sawyer and A. Jessup, trustees;
W. Kane, sergeant at arms.
Judge John Hunt, a member of the
association and member of Monumen
tal Engine No. 6, was called upon to
respond to the "Volunteer Fire Depart
ment"; Gus Pohlmann sang "We Ran
With the Old Masheen." the "old boys"
Joining in the chorus; Fire Commis
sioner Parry responded to "The De
partment of To-day"; J. Altkcn sang
"The Old Engine on the Hill"; Judge
Kerrigan responded' to "The Fireman
and the Soldier"; Ste,ve Bunner recited
"The Gallant Volunteer"; Judge Troutt
spoke of "The Fifties"; Felix Desmond
favored with a vocal solo; Daniel Sew
ell responded to the "Veteran Fire
men"; John Williams favored with a
recitation; Colonel A. A. Andrews sang
"The Awkward Squad," and E. C. Stock
responded to "The Deeds of Old-Time
Firemen."
Calumet Tribe's Social.
Calumet Tribe of the Improved Or
der of Red Men, recently instituted,
gave its first social function in Lyric
Hall last night and despite the un
pleasant weather there was a very
large attendance. It was a ball with
a programme of twelve "numbers with
two extras, and these kept the danc
ers together until 'midnight. The
grand march, in which 150 couples
participated, was led' by G. Martin,
floor manager, and Miss -Sophie Sel
berg. The affair, which was carried
out to a successful termination, was
under direction of the following
named officers and committees:
Harhem. D. Teare; senior sagamore. J. D.
Ralph; Junior sagamore.' J. Petrie; prophet and
medicine man. Dr. ' Troppmann;' floor manager,
G. Martin; assistant manager. Jarnea Ralph;
floor committee — J. Dhue, J. Murphy, L. ■ Los-
Blus, J. Meager; reception committee — J. Mc-
Cann, G. Harrington. J. Stt-vens. E." Agaton,
II. Willis. J. Gallagher, 8. M. Picket. DwA.
Desmond. D. Teare, , Dr. v Morris, Fred Voeel
and George Crowley. : _
SAXJSALITO BELLE AND NA
VAL OFFICER . WHOSE
. ENGAGEMENT IS . AN
NOUNCED.
•J ; ; *
Flood has obtained the large box at
the north end of the Searles gallery,
•where the festival will be gayest.
"Who's going?" 'Tis easier to say
who in the smart set is not. The rather
prohibitive price and the excessive sur
veillance of the Invitation list by the
board of directors has given our "nice"
people the assurances they desire.
About 2500 invitations have gone out,
including the army and navy list, and
it is quite probable that close to that
number will respond.
"Prince Carnival?" Ah. that's a pro
found secret. A few days will perhaps
unfold him.
• * •
"What a radiantly fine time Mrs.
Hugh Tevis Is having in Italy. It is
Raid that she has taken apartments in
Rome for some months. Two San
JTrancisco girls are having the time of
their lives between Rome, and Flor
ence — Miss Bernadette Robinson and
Miss Josephine Tillmann— both of
whom have made sad inroads on the
affections -of many an impassioned
Italian. It is hoped, however, that
the dashing maidens will return fancy
free.
GRANDDAUGHTER OF
BISHOP KIP A BRIDE
Dr. Ernest RpWnson, a Knnsas City
Surgeon, Weds a San Fran
cisco Girl.
OMAHA. Neb., Feb. 6. — The mar
riage of Miss Mary Kip, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. W. Ingraham Kin of
San Francisco and granddaughter of
the late Bishop Kip of California, and
Ernest Robinson, a prominent Kan
sas City surgeon, was solemnized at
Trinity Cathedral to-day. Bishop
Williams of the Omaha diocese of' the
Episcopal church performed the. cer
emony. Miss Kip was attended by
Miss Lily McCalla, daughter of Ad
miral McCalla, and Denton Dunn of
Kansas City served as best man. Only
a few personal friends from the re
spective homes of the bride and groom
witnessed the ceremony. Following
the ceremony the party was driven in
carriages to the Paxton Hotel, where
a wedding breakfast waa served.
The first monument to trade unionism
was erected recently in Melbourne, Aus
tralia. It is called the "Eight-Hour
Monument," as it is in commemoration
of the eight-hour system, which was
begun In Australia forty-eight years
ago. The monument is a tall marble
pillar, , surmounted , by an oblong block
holding a globe and torch. The word
"Prosperity" is written on the globe
and three large figure eights are en
graved on the block.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
18 YOUR FACE UN WO^iaNLY?
IJave you dark shadows on your llpa, check,
chin or person? It you have, B. B. II. English
Caramel i» Just what you want. /
It removes and cures this unfortunate fclem-
Uh. . . ■■ . • - ' ■ ■ •' ■ ■ .
After one application your face will be aa
free from hair aa the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. English Caramel la Indorsed by the
medical profeeelon, and ha* had twenty years
of successful practice in England and on - the
Continent. It is. In fact, the only satisfactory
eradicator of superfluous hair known to science.
Elite Bkin Food — Removes . all blemishes and
roughneea; makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, ■ soft . and - smooth. - -
The Kllto Blackhead Eradicator— Permanent-*
ly removes blackheads ■•, and reduces the pores
of the.nkln. . " . ~
Elite Face Powder— Chemically pare; a pre-
ventive of superfluous hair.
The Elite. Face Bleach— For removing tan
and freckles. It has no equal.
".; Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps.
Elite Dermatology Institute, ;
- ■ «3S Market St., S*n Franciscw !
, ■ - ' -'• ' XEW3IAX & -LEVIXSOX. .
j Kearny and Sutter Sts.
New Waists For Springe™^)
OPENING EXHIBIT OF 1904 STYLES
• Particularly attractive is our assortment of Cotton and Silk Waists that we show io -™\l°™ foT
the first time. They are made of charming new wash materials and distinctly a ifterent m *}*;*
from those of preceding seasons. Some designs are exclusive — not many of each — ana are dcsi
selected now when assortments are complete.
Waists of White Lawn, in entirely new effects, made with Waists of White ii$i^£mtto^& trimmed
wide box pleat in front, prettily tucked; latest <k~ nft with hand-made Battenberg lace ; and , large full $5 75
style sleeves; special at: $2.00 sleeves daintily tucked; splendid value at. ... "
Waists of White Lawn, with front elaborately embroid- Waists of Wash Silks, exquisitely made with full front
: ered and' trimmed with Valenciennes lace . - ft and *hou ders; trimmed j»th fin slace 5 q
insertion; very stylish and excellent value . . . $4«50 insertings; special at $4.00, $4.75, $5.50 ana «P"«^
Ladies' Handsome Neckwear Reduced (^3)
Not an offering of odds and ends, but stylish, up-to-date Silk, Crepe and Cotton Stocks, in the
most desirable colors — some beautifully hemstitched, some embroidered and others daintily
trimmed with lace and beads — over ioo different styles to choose from and all marked at prices
that should fairly crowd this department to-morrow.
30c and 40c Styles Reduced To <,.... 1 5c $1.25 and $1.50 Styles Reduced To.... 75c
50c and 60c Styles Reduced To 35c * $1.75 and $2.00 Styles Reduced To. ... 90c
65c and 80c Styfes Reduced To 45c $2.25 and $2.50 Styles Reduced To. ...$1.25
ooc and $1.00 Styles Reduced To 65c $2.75 and $3.00 Styles Redaccd To.... $1.75
Sheep Skins At 35c Each cs#tt)
The best skins for burnt work you ever saw for 35c — which means that they are fine quality,
full size, good, clear skins, in such desirable colors as light, medium and dark Brown, light and dark
Green, Red, Tan, Terra Cotta and Gray.' We secured a large lot of them and place the
entire purchase on sale to-morrow. The special price during this sale is, per skin OO C
Choice Black Dress Goods <325»
At Specially Interesting Prices To-morrow
All Wool Black Cheviot, Black Panama Cloth— a Black Canvas— a very „ Black Mohair Anita cloth
woven of fine combed yarn, handsome all wool material desirable light weight sum- —a rich, brilliant, lustrous
iet black 50 inches wide; in fancy basket weave, 45 mer fabric in a sheer open quality, in an entirely new
worth reeularly 75c, on sale inches wide; worth $1.25, weave 44 inches wide; a weave; real value $2.00, our
to-morrow at special at regular $1.50 quality, at price
. 50c Yard $lloo Yard $1.25 Yard $1.50 Yard
Men's House or Bath Robes Sale of Side Combs
(Third Floor Kearny St.) (First Floor Sutter St.)
Men's Robes — some made of fine quality We place on sale to-morrow a large lot of Side
Turkish Crash, others of Blanket Cloth, in Combs, in shell and amber — that are finely
stripes and fancy designs, also plain white and finished and strong — they look like real shell and
gray _sold regularly at $4-50, $5-00 and <2 CA are sold regularly at 35c, 46c and 50c. each. *p
$5.50 each, your choice to-morrow at tJD.DW Sale price to-morrow LdC
Sale of Floss Pillows New 1904 Wash Fabrics
(Second Floor Kearny St.) (Second Floor Satter Street)
" Here's some interesting news of good Floss 36-inch Percales, soft finish, in a large variety of dots,
Pillows. We have secured another large lot and figures and stripes; special per yard , . 1 2fcc
offer them to-morrow at the following extraor- 32 -inch Imported Zephyrs and Tissues, in choke mercer-
dinarily low prices : lzed stripes, immense assortment of colors, yard. . ! .25c
Pillows, size 18x18, weight 13 oz 25c _
Pillows! size 20x20, weight 17 oz 30c 30-mch Japanese Crepe, a pretty material for kimonas,-
Pillows, size 22x22, weight 22 oz 40c oriental designs in delf, nile and old rose, per yard. .30c
ffiwsTsize $31 weSfn't Klffi 3 2- inch White Cotton Pop.in, Rhadame and Damask, for
Pillows! size 28x28, weight 40 oz 60c waists and suits, In exclusive designs, per yard.... 50c
Wail Orders Receive Prompt Attention—Samples Sent to Any Address
PERSONAJj.
• F. M. Buck, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, is at the Lick.
Dr. Charles E. Winslow of Bartlett
Springs Is at the Lick.
Dr. Carlos Williams of Quincy regis
tered at the Lick yesterday.
F. R. Culbertson, a mining man of
Seattle, and wife are at the Occidental.
George A. Phinney, a prominent
business man of Sacramento, is at the
Occidental.
J. Allen Veatch, who is interested
in oil wells at Beaumont, Tex., is at
the Occidental.
S. B. Beaver, a wealthy young man
of Philadelphia, arrived at the Occi
dental yesterday.
Captain O. C. Applegate, superin
tendent of the Klamath Indian reser
vation, is staying at the Grand. r 2''i\.'-)
O. P. Posey, a mining man of Los
Angeles, arrived from the south yes
terday and is registered at the Palace.
Jesse Walker, a large land owner
and stock raiser of Southern Hum
boldt County, and wife are registered
at the Lick.
William George Tiffany, a capital
ist of Paris, who is related by mar
riage i to the Vanderbllts and the
Duchess of Marlborough, his wife be
ing a sister of Mrs. August Belmont, is
a guest at the Palace. He is making
a tour of the West for pleasure and
will leave here to-night for Bisbee,
Ariz., where he, is interested in several
mining claims.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The follow
ing Callfornians are here: ...
From San Francisco— Miss Blaney,
at the St. Denis; J. P. Dencker, at the
Cosmopolitan; P. Hackett,. at the St.
Denis; J. J. Jacklin, at the Wellington;
F. Sutherland and 'wife, at the Vic
toria; J. E. Thayer, at the Grand
Union; »N. C. Walton Jr., at the Vic
toria; H. Ardleigh, at the Continental;
H. A. Rogers and- wife, at the Hotel
York. '
From Santa Barbara — C. R. Matter,
at the Grand.
From Los Angeles— -L. Marks, at the
Rossmore.
Value of Cold, Fresh. Air.
.. Cold, fresh air has special value be
cause It stimulates all the functions of
the body; it quickens the heart and In
creases the number of red .' corpuscles
in : the blood. A reduction of seventy
degrees * in its temperature increases
the ; proportion of oxygen in air one
seventh. This is why one feels better
in cold than in warm air. The vital
fires as well as ; fires In grates burn
1 brighter In cold weather. :■ The whole
tide of life moves with greater activity.
' When oxygen Is not plentiful enough
} to make the vital fires burn sufficiently
i to;consume. the fuel and waste, of the
body then much of the waste .material
I. Is left behind In form of Imperfect
ly burned substances, which may be
called cinders of the body. Uric acid
Is cinders.— Indianapolis News.
A new vocation forewomen is that of
X-ray nurses. Courses of lectures on
the subjects are now, given in Berlin.
Why Little Folks Are Bipr Euters.
It has been laid down as a physio
logical rule that the requirements of
adult diet depend not on the weight
of the eater, but on the extent of the
bodily surface. In the case of chil
dren this rule is further modified. An
infant may weigh one-eighteenth as
much as a grown man, but its surface
is more than one-seventh as great.
As the first requirement of the in-
• ADVEBTISEaLENTS.
oe©©oc©©eo©o©oooooooo0©aeooooooo©oooooooooooo
! Retailed at Wholesale Prices !
© ... i. n o
5 INbW bUI IS •
O In Black, Blue and Mixtures, ranging from ©
• $12.50 to $20.00. 2
• NOVELTY SUITS 5
• In Imported Goods, ranging from O
8 §gl $22.50 to $32.50. |
! NEW SPRING SKIRTS I
J LARGE VARIETY. J
g WALKING SKIRTS, from $2.00 to $ 10.00 2
g DRESS SKIRTS, from. .$3.50 to $20.00 2
© _^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers o
2 J^v 1142-1146 MARKET ST. 2
© - o
eQoooooo»ooo3t>cooQcao3oe»oooooosoooeoaoooag<>»
Vt- ■ r.
ORDER. FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK'
Mall This Order to The San rrano Isco Call Wltk 73c
. | — ■ — _ : :
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month'Subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c b
to prepay shipping charges.) \S '
SIGNEr
STREET ;**X
city !!.!!*!!![
STATE ' \ ....!!'.***.
G
O
fant's food is to replace the heat that
is continually being lost by radi
ation from all parts of the body, the
latter fraction determines the needed
proportion of nourishment , rather
than the former. But in the case of
a growing child food is also needed
to supply the increase of bodily
weight. In all, an infant's ration may
be five times as much as would be es
timated from its actual weight alone.
— Success.ADVERTISEMENTS.
' "" — ■ ■■ — , .
• " j§
c Dry Goods -^SsskA^ Company I
o - o
I u^ s Skirts Coats |
2 •
c o We have prepared for the coming season a S
3 strong line of ready-to-wear garments, showing §
c distinction of character that places them in a |
S class .bv themselves. .*. .'. .'. .*. .'. .'. %
O 9
1 Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits j
! Dress and Walking Skirts I I
O I 9
S Jackets and Raglans. Automobile Coats i
9 O
e P o
9 1 9
9 Made from all the fashionable and desirable ma- S
c terials that are now appreciated. S
:• 9
9 ©
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 3
0 Ge&rj &nd Stockton Streets, Union Sqn&ra. * q
'9 I, i^
000000000000000®0000®3000COOG©QOOO©©#008S©^00
FRENCH WRITER CAIXS
GER3IAX ARMY "THE PERU/*
Says "Officers Corps" Once So Select,
Is Full of Corruption and Vice
Lieutenant Colonel Rousset con
tributes to the Gaulois an article on j
the German army which he entitles j
"The Peril." He says that the novel, j
whether by Bilse or Beyerlein, affords
a faithful picture of the manners of
decadence and decomposition. There
are there clearly displayed such weak
nesses and failings as would defy the
pens of the most determined French
naturalists. The Officers' Corps, for
merly so rigorously selected, seems to
abandon itself to a whirlpool of vio- I
lent passions which little by little (
makes shipwreck of Its dignity, its
prestige, and its authority. It grows
weary of an austerity which was for
merly its strength, and if it retains its
disagreeable arrogance together with
some professional qualities, it is none
the less true that It sacrifices every- I
thing to appearances, and masks be- I
hind its haughty attitude a profound
moral pro«.ration. "With the non
commissioned officers, who formerly
constituted one of the most solid !
bases of the edifice, matters are still ]
worr.e. They are represented as the j
c hosen ground of corruption and im
morality. The days are past of those I
chosen servants who devoted them- !
selves to their work with no am
bition than that of a modest pension
and a simple service decoration, "who
had no other home than the regiment,
no other passion than that of their
calling.
Harmful and ridiculous practices go
en In this community every day, but
no citizen dares say a word.
OCEAN TSAVEL.
eBtcttKn lea-re Sao Fraa.
Cisco aa follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrans«l.
Jcneau. UaJnes, Ska^uay.
etc.. Alarka— 11 a. m . Feb.
B. 10. 15. 20. 25, Mar. L
Char.tr- to compasy's steam*
era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsead. Seattle. Ta»
ccma, Everwtt. "WTiatcom — 11 a. ta.. Feb. 3.
10 13. 20. 25, Max. 1. Chang« at Seattle to
this coir pas ye eteamers for Alaska aad G. N.
By.- at Seattle or Tacoina to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:S0
p. m. F*b. 4, 10. 1«. 22. 28. Mar. 5. Corons,
1:80 p. m.. Feb. 1. 7. 13. 1». 25, Mar. 2.
For Los AEseles <vla Port Los An»eles and
R»-*m»<Jo>. San Dtero *nd Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa.. Sundays. 8 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. » a. m.
i.- or ti» Aneeles <Tla San Pedro and East
Pan P«Klrc). Santa Barbara, Ranta Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford (San
I^ils ObtsBO). Ventura and Hueneme.
rSos Bai » a. m.. Feb. 6. 13, 21. 29. Mar. 8.
BoEitsTa" a* m.. Feb. 9. 17. 25. March 4.
For Bnsesiada, Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
r»bo Masatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
•alia' Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
monti. For further information obtain folder.
fujjht Is reserved to cfaan** steamers or sall-
lB^4caOTT OFPICBS — 4 New Montffom-
rrret <PaJace «ot*n. 10 Market st. and Broad-
whar^e.. >reisht orfloe. I > Market st.
CD DUN ANN, General Passenger Aic-nt,
' ' 10 Market street. San Francisco.
Tb« Padflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter «t-.
•Ml *all for and check bat-gage from hoteli
irA Telephone. E»chan»> 313.
a. R-. <& n. co.
Or'e^oB sails Feb. 7. 17. 27. Mar. 8. 18. CS,
Ar^r 7 end 17. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily In
.£vire instead of the Columbia. Georite W.
E]"*- sills Feb. 12. 22. March 3. 13. 23.
aU-Ti «~™<\ 12. Only rtesmshlp line to I-ORT-
OR..M1 short rail line from Portland
h, sll points East. Throug* tickets to all
Zi't* in rail or-stesmship and rail at LOW-
m RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
r n 7mea£ .tk**m*r rails foot of Sp«r st. at
?1 i.™i S F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept..
"McTrtiromVry rt.: C. CLIFFOUD. Gen. A»t.
Freight r>pt~ 3 Montgomery rt.
I0Y0 RISEN KAISHA,
rORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO)
c.maTrrr* will leave wharf, corner First and
«S"^ .«t 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
S#'H*"sWon«. railinc at Kcbe mio«o), N»«-
?-*• snd fihanrhsl. *nd connecting at Hong-
for Ir.dia. etc No cargo
££ivT5 ion board th- day of sailing.
V!a Honolulu. Rcund-trlp tickets at reduced
rat#« For frWrtt snd passsge apply at Oem-
;,.,.•, c»fic«. <2« Market street, corner First.
*** ny " * Ny. H. AVERT. General Agent.
nrf x^* 0 "» 8TDhEr
WvVwi»vy»wvw« DlKa ua* fcUHirt
c~k"maRIPOEA. for Tahia Feb. 11. 11 a. m.
c 2' VENTURA. Sot Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
lind end fiytoey. Thur*day. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
8 6 AWMEDA. for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.m.
£L r rr miitm3.a-icti..r)dj<Kta.M!Eifaa
CC»AOK« GEKEEIL? TRlK5ATLlimj31.
UlRCCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. mj^^.
*ilMni every Thursday Instead of 4fa$tn
Saturday at 10 *. ro.. from Pier 42. «*»fflE*
v-Tth Bivtr. loot of Morton st.
"v-mt class to Havre. J70 and upward. Eec-
end to Harr*. $43 and upward. CEN-
FRALAGHNXY FOR UNITKD STATES AND
r a VADA S2 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York: J. F. FUGAZI i. CO.. Pacific Coast
*A*ents, 5 Montgomery avenue. Ean Francisco.
Star* Zslaaajtna^ Vayejo Steamcrm.
■"T^^TG^CNTTTuSBUroTllONTICKLLo-
9-45 a m.. J:l* »«<! »rM p. m.. except Sunnay
fcufidsy. »'« *- n>.. £:30 p. tn. Leav« Vali^-Ja.
7 a. in 12:30 and C p. m.. ex. Kundsy. «5un-
i.r 7 a. m 4 15 p ra. Fare. GO tent*. Tel
Main IMS. rier " MUalon-st. dock. HATCH;.]
BROS. !
rROMOTEHlS' PROFITS
VARY IiARGELY
The Trust Company Field Has Been
I^arge and Exceedingly
Remunerative.
Everybody nearly Is familiar with
the enormous profits made by the pro
moters of the large industrial combi
nations during the last few years. The
underwriting syndicate that guaran
teed the successful organization of the
United States Steel Corporation made
a profit of over $50,000,000. The promo
ters of the various other Industrials
that have been organized since 1S98
made anywhere from $5,000,000 to $25,
000.000.
The profits made by the promoters of
trust companies and banks are not so
generally known. The organizing of
trust companies, however, has proved
to be a most profitable business to a
number of promoters. One prominent
financier is credited with having made
$300,000 in organizing trust companies
during the last three years. The profit
made by the promoter who organizes
a successful trust company ranges from
$50,000 to about $100,000.
Edward F. Cragln, who organized the
Trust Company of America, is said to
have received a fee of $50,000. The In
ternational Banking Company was also
organized by Mr. Cragin. In this case
it is said that he received a fee of
$60,000. The Eastern Trust Company
was organized by Messrs. Allison and
Meldrum, who received a commission of
$50,000. The promoter of another large
Wall street trust company is reputed
to have received a commission of $100,
000. That was quite a handsome fee for
less than three months' work.
Many trust companies, however, are
organized without any commission be
ing paid for organization expenses. —
New York Commercial.
REAL ESTATE TRAN'S ACTIONS.
SATURDAY. FEBRUART 6.
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rhcin to William
Wolf, lot on W line of Gough street, 30 N of
O'Farrell. N 27 by W 137:6; $10.
Alice M. Bowhill fKnight) (wife of Thomas)
to George E. Knight, lot on 8 line of Green
wich street. 97:6 E of Steiner, E C0:8 by S 120;
$10.
Wallace H. Knight to name, same; $10.
Charles W. and Rose A. Waller to Alfred
H. Siegfried, lot on N line of Vallejo street,
83:6 W of Fillmore. W 27 by M 137:6; also
undivided third of lot on W line of Flllmor*
street. 86 N of Vallejo, N 4 by W 83:6; $10.
Chambers Estate (a corporation) to John G.
Cook*, lot on S lint of McAllister street. 168:9
E of Devlsadero, E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
James H. Beresford to Maude A. Beresford,
lot on S line of Page street, 114:4 E of Central
avenue. E 23:2 by S 137:6; gift.
John G. and Clara M. Ersin to Ursula Ysger
(wife of Phillip), lot on NE line of Juniper
street, 387:6 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by NE 80;
$10.
Philip Yager to same, same; gift.
Louis Ruth to Dora Moller. lot on N line of
Twenty-second street, 4fl W of Chattanooga,
W 30:2 by N 7"; $10.
Lippir.an and Mary Sachs to Union Trust
Company ?nd Rosia Sachs (executors estat* of
Samuel Sachs), undivided half of lot on W line
of Montgomery street. 103 :0H S of Bush, S
54:4H by W ♦*»; $10.
Fergus and Mary F. Hanson to Luigi Raggio.
lot on E line of Stockton street. S2:6 N of Fil
bert. N 27:6 by E 87:6; $10.
Fred^rH-k K. and Mary F. Houaton to John
P.. R. Cooper, lot on W line of Taylor street.
83:!» 8 of Post. S 25% by W 60; $10.
Almena L. Curry to Annie Crelghton. lot on
E line of Sixth avenue. 225 S of Clement
street, S 25 by E 120; quitclaim deed, $10.
Francis M. Goodrich to Mary A. Howard,
lot 15, block F. Sunset Heights; $10.
Joseph Harriet B. Jacob and Bertha B.
We!fs**>ln to Onsell* Segnara, lot 1. block 2.
Holly Park: $10.
W. C. and Thilda Larson (or Larsen) to
James P. Donahue, lot :», block D, Spreckels
subdivision, blocks A. B and D. Park Hill
tract No. 2; $10.
Sarah McGllvery to August and Heta St««r
man, lots on SW line of Virginia avenue, 100
S!2 of Mls-slnn street. SE 40 by SW 60, lots 36
and 37, Pn^clta Valley, 374 to 377; $10.
Frsnk O. and Julia A. Ha!<» to Bernard and
Am'Iia Kraft, lot on N line of Sadowa street,
CO W of Plymouth. W 25 by N 80, lot 8, block
G, Ra:'road Homestead; $10.
S. Ducjh Company (corporation) to Fred and
Herman KJrsch, lot on NE line of Tenty-flrst
avenue, K.0 NW of K street, NW 37 by NE
inn. lot 14. Mock 4C3, South San Francisco
IIom«>stead: $10. •
Fred and Herman Klrsch to 8. Ducas Com
pany (corporation), lot on NE line of Twenty
first avenue. ISO NW K street, NW 37 :« by
NE loo. lnt 14. block 403, South San Francisco
Homestead; ?477. v
John McDonnell to M. A. Meier. lots 10 and
11. l.'.wk 23C>, South San Francisco Homestead
and RMlroad Association; grant.
John McDonnell to M. A. Meier, lota on NE
line of Eighth avenue. 125 SE of C street. SE
25 by NE 100. block 150, South Sen Francisco
Homestead; $10.
William Qnentel to Amanda J. Quental, lot
&!), irlft map 1; quitclaim deed, $1.
Laura E. Burke (Bailey) to M. A. Meier,
lot 21. block 5, University Mound; grant.
Builders* Contracts'.
George Brown Estate Company (owners) with
Hanna Bro*. <pontractors), architect August
Nordln — AH work except mantels, shades and
gas fixtures for two three-story frame build-
Ings on lot on NE corner of Hyde street and
North Point. E 87:6 by N 60: $13,473.
Thomas Ellis (owner) with Manuel Lucas
(contractor). Superintendent. Milton T. Clark —
All work for alterations and additions to a
two-story frame building (Hats) on lot on N
line of Ford street, between Noe and Sanchez,
24 Ford: $997.
G. P. and P. J. Kane (owners) with Terrill
Bros, (contractors), architect A. F. Devereux
Jr. — All work for a story 'and a half frame
building on lot on N line of eighteenth street,
DO W of Diamond. W 24 :S by N 75; $2295.
Nell — I saw Jack kiss you last night.
Belle — Really? But you didn't see
me kiss him, did you?
Nell — No. but I -:..
Belle — Oh. what a pity! You missed
the most thrilling part — Town Topics.
£ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, v'lUOi.
GREW BRITAIN KEEPS
TWO KINDS OF ADMIRALS
The "Dry T^and" Sort Never Go to
Sea — Hold Command on In
land Waters.
England has many efficient and eager
sea admirals. Her fleets .will never
■want for men to take command and
face an enemy. She has also a few ad
mirals who have never been on the sea
except as passengers for a holiday trip,
and whose knowledge of a man of war
is mainly derived from pictures in the
papers.
There Is the old Marquis of Donegal.
He is hereditary Lord Admiral of
Lough Neagh. A big-sized lake it Is,
covering over 150 square miles, and not
only the largest in Ireland, but in the
United. Kingdom. No other lake has an
admiral of its own.
The Duke of Argyl is admiral of the
western coast of Scotland and the isles.
His grace, who is the King's brother
in-law, is not a sailor, and has no
great liking for yachting. Centuries
ago the MacCallum More, as admiral/
kept a pretty tight hand over the west
ern coast line and exacted dues from
ships. Skippers of coasting craft were
careful not to offend the chief at Inver
ary Castle.
Although the new Lord Provost of
Edinburgh is a draper by trade he is
also by virtue of his office Lord Ad
miral of the Firth of Forth. In Queen
Mary's time the Lord Provost had con
trol of the Forth and all movements
of warships were regulated by him.
He is even yet entitled to an admiral's '
salute when he boards a battleship in
the estuary. Singularly enough the !
present Lord Provost, who is an en- j
thusiastic volunteer, is both colonel
and honorary colonel of his regiment,
the Queen's Edinburgh — the latter
rank being attached to his office as
head of the city. % '
As regards the old seaport of Leith,
not only is the Provost an admiral of
the Forth, but the Bailies are entitled
to style themselves admirals depute.
In the case of Leith, the present Chief
Magistrate, as a ship owner, is con
nected with the 'sea.
Lord Rosebery is an elder brother
of the Trinity House, and his experi
ence on board his large steam yacht
will help him here. The Sheriff of
Orkney and Shetland, an advocate
and K. C, is vice admiral of these
northern islands, and has to sit In
judgment over knotty questions con
cerning maritime affairs. At one time
Shetland and Orkney held aloof as
much as possible from the Jurisdiction
of the mainland and the vice admiral
was a notable personage.
As admiral of the Humbej. the
Mayor of Hull bears an old title of
honor. It is an ancient institution,
the Trinity House at Hull, and the
musuem contains relics of the great
navigator, Captain Cook.
The Lord Mayor of London Is ad
miral of the port of London. His
Lordship Is three things besides. He is
chairman of the Thames Conservancy,
Coroner, escheater, clerk of the mar
kets, chief butler at coronation ban
quets, head of the hospitals and
trusts. There is no port admiral who
holds so many high offices, and his sal
ary of £10,000 exceeds that of other
admirals. In olden days the Lord
Mayor had a magnificent barge on the
Thames, and when he proceeded on a
voyage with his flag hoisted all craft,
foreign or English, naval or mercan
tile, had to salute. — London Globe.- j
SYSTEMATIC TRAINING
OF THE EYESIGHT
The Eyes Can Be Educated and
Their Powers Developed to
a High Degree.
So much of the happiness and suc
cess of life depends upon the seeing
capacity that it is both a wonder and
a pity that more attention is not paid
by parents in the home and by in
structors in the schools to the perfect
ing of this gift. „
The trouble is that the great majority
of people regard the capacity of the
eyes as something fixed at birth, and
not to be interfered with. If they
would think a little they would recog
nize that it is,. after all, largely a mat
ter of exercise and practice. They
know that the power of the muscles is
capable of almost Indefinite training,
but they fail to apply the principle to
the eyes. All forms of exercise are
called upon to increase and strengthen
the muscular system of growing chil
dren, and the wisdom of this, always
granting reasonable moderation, " is
never questioned; but the child with
the weak, undeveloped visual faculty,'
with the untrained color sense, with
the carrying capacity of the sight lim
ited to a few feet, is called stupid; and
his best hope is that he may be fitted
with glasses before he is rallied and
scolded into real stupidity.
The sight can be educated and exer
cised just as truly as the hearing, the
sense of touch, or even the leg and
arm muscles can; and the work,
which can be easily converted into
play, should be begun very early in
life. Much so-called color-blindness
is not a radical defect of vision at all,
but a lack of training in attention and
recognition, and could have been
avoided by any form of simple half
play, half-lesson, with colored balls or
skeins of silk in early childhood.
Matching colors is an excellent game
lesson. It can be carried on with
silks, wools, paper or any other mate
rial in which it is possible to get many
shades with very small gradations of
color among them. Certain of the
educational supply houses furnish col
ored papers for this very purpose. An
element of competition can be intro
duced, and the power of vision can be
trained at the same time with that
esthetic sense which is its greatest re
ward.
Rapidity of vision can be enor
mously developed. Most persons
know the story of the conjuror whose
father made him while a small boy
play the game of naming the objects
In some shop window passed at a
quick walk. If one will try this he
will be astounded at the way the num
ber of objects seen in the glimpse will
grow with practice.
As with other, forms of exercise,
that of the eye should be taken only
under proper conditions. A tired,
worn-out eye Bhould not be forced to
new tasks any more than a tired,
worn-out body. This is why the pro
cess cannot be started too soon, that
the eye may be insensibly trained to
good habits of perception.— Youth's
Companion. '-
She (of the city)— It ia quite the thing
now to have dinner right out pn the
grass, under the spreading* trees. '
He (of the country)— Gosh, yes! Our
cows do that same thing every day.—
Yonkers Statesman L*'\ . • • .:.
HOW UNDUE PROFIT
LURES TO CRIME
Makers of Moonshine Whisky Find
Incentive to Their Illegal
♦ Work In Great Gains.
. Were it not for the large tax imposed
by the Government upon the manufac
ture of ardent spirits there would be
no such thing as "moonshining." An
old revenue officer who has had years
of active experience .in raiding stills
and capturing blockaders, who has had
many a battle with the outlaws and
heard the bullets from their guns whis
tle past him, who has often crouched
behind rocks and stood behind trees,
and who has' done his share in trying
to stamp out the miscreants, Bald a,
few days ago in speaking of blqrckaders
and moonshine whisky:
"I have 'been a revenue . officer for
about twenty-nve or thirty years and
have seen all kinds of service under all
kinds of circumstances, and I don't be
lieve blockading or illicit distilling will
ever be stopped. The. reason for my be
lief (and I am not the only one) Is
simply this: There is such a large
profit In the business that the tempta
tion is too great for most of that class
of people, regardless of the law, not
heeding what has befallen fellow moon
shiners. Even forgetting that they
have once been caught or suspected
and that eyes of the officers are on
them, they go right ahead and distill
the grain. But at the same time, they
are on the lookout for raids and have
their guns ever ready to send a piece
of lead into their discoverer. They 'are
good shots, too, hardly missing when
they have a fair opportunity to take
aim.
"I will give you an idea of how cheap
ly moonshine whisky, is made and the
immense profits that are reaped' from
its sale. They take one gallon of cheap
black molasses, which costs j about 30
cents; two bushels of meal, costing 65
cents per bushel, and some water. This
is made into a mash, allowed to ferment
and the stuff then goes through the
process of evaporation. This amount of
meal, water and molasses makes forty
gallons of whisky, which is sold for $2
a gallon. Any one can see the immense
profit from this illustration.
"Latterly brown sugar has been uaed
instead of molasses and is a great deal
cheaper. The sugar costs about 44
cents a pound: there are 300 pounds in
a barrel, making it cost $13 50 per bar
rel. An immense amount of molasses
is made from a barrel of sugar and the
profit is almost twice as great as in
using the first method. Distillers are
captured every day.' and when they are
sent to prison others take their places
and thus the perpetual flow of 'white
\ lightning.' "
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
February 6.
Stmr Newburg, Anflndsen, 103 hours from
Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed February «— Stmr Santa
Monica for San Pedro. Schr S&usallto for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA^-Salled February 6— Bchr Chal
lenger for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived February «—
Brig Geneva hence January 25 for Port Had
loclc.
Arrived February C — Stmr Newburg, Anflnd
sen, 103 hours from Grays Harbor.
"Well, Ethel," said the caller, "what
are you going to do when you get big
like your mamma?" "Oh," replied
Ethel, "I suppose I'll have to put my
teeth in a glass of water and paint my
face, too."— Philadelphia Record. "V. -
AMUSEMElJTa
MATINEE TO-DAT— LAST NIGHT.
LOST RIVER
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
TWO WEEKS ONLY
.BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY.
Louis Mann Lillian
Charles J.Ross Russell
John T. Kelly
and Mabel
PetCP Tnd DailCy Fcnton
Weber and Fields
PRESENTING
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OF
CATHERINE
PRICES— $2 $1.60, $1. 75o and 50o.
BOX OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY
SUNDAY NIGHT, Feb. 21st
Positively Last Weber & Fields Performance
CALIFORNIA
f» ....TO-NIGHT....
Th« Favorites — America's Greatest V
Irish Comedians, it
(®^Murjay|
l-^p : MackJ
S In Their Whirlwind Muclcal Comedy, Sf
B A WIGHT OM BBOADVAT. H
This Afternoon and To-night— Last Tlmw of
"THE BEAUTY SHOP."
A Great Event
Commencing To-morrow (Monday) Night, First
■ Production Here ot
' *.J?. OLY-POL Y\ " '
Absolutely Original and Novel Musical Com*
edy! Brilliant Dialogue! Screaming Situa-
tions'. Ear Tickling Melodies! A succession
of Heart .'Laughs'. New Stage Pictures that
Will Entrance! .Matinees Saturday and Sun-
day ■ , ■ i- ' " ■ ■ ' ■
Our "All Star" Cast. Including: »*V
KOLB AND DILL.
JOHN PEACHET. - ii
BEN. T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS, •
HELEN RUSSELL,
■ NELLIE LYNCH.
Pa.arp dont fail to
laiaVV te e the beautiful
< COURT Lounging
5lf1sl room, the EMPIRE
ailU / PARLOR, th*
V» J PALM ROOM, the
ITf/ilid LOUIS XV PAR-
ui anu LORt and the LA .
U X 1- D IES * WRITINO
room -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.. -
*©O0©©90©5Oooo«®c©ooe^©c©o©o©eoo©o©ooo©c9«
New Styles Tailor Suits
18'PRING 1904T~~
We arc prepared now to show complete lines of New Styles
Tailor Suits, a decided change from last season* NewEtons,
New Blouses, New Military Suits, in new fabrics, elegantly
trimmed, at our well known popular prices.
Novelty Suits at $15, $17.50, $20, $22.50 and $25.
The j handsomest garments ever shown at the opening of the
season at' such low prices.
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK
Balance of stock on hand from our Clearance Sale will be
sold at less than half of original prices.
SUITS. Jackets and Long SKIRTS.
$22.50 and $20.00 Suits CoatS. $3.50 Skirts at .... $1.73
«?«i '™a ' <wn nn '?'^ $15.00 W Coats at. . HOO Sklrtx at .... $2.00
$32.50 and $30.00^ 8 .... .$10.00 $5.00 Skirt, at ....$2.50
$35.00 and $40.00 Suits $20.00 Long Coats at . . $6.00 Skirts at .... $0.00
at. $20.00 512.50 $7^0 Skirts at .... $3.75
$45.00 and $50.00 Suits $25.00 Long Coats at. .. _'.
at $27.50 $15.00
pii'do $40-°° Loog aik Coa*» $J2.50
«,c nn T c r_ i £?* » ' "n * ' ' $225 ° P «U de Soic SkittS,
$15.00 Fur Scarfs and $12.50 Box Coats at ;v. ,
Capesat $10.00 $8.50 ttimmed, at
$17.50 Fur Scarfs and $25.00 Military Coats at CC 7ff
Capes at.. $12.50 $15.00 yU.IO
$20.00 Fur Scarfs and $30.00 Military Coats at
. Capes at .. ..$15.00 $17.50 tTnnn^J txm
$25.00 Fur Scarfs and $35.00 Military Cotts at $20-W and
Capes at $17.50 $20.00 Silk Skirts at
$35030 Fur Scarfs and $35.00 Dectrlc Seal Jack- ©BO CA
Capes at $25.00 etsat. $25.00
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
* week: ooMioiiKOika this aftezhtooxt, r«birt*rr «• *
AN ENTIRE COMEDY BILL!
The Universal Favorites, TR. fl Twn QilyQO
BillyB.Vam Rose Beaumont J™ XSiL'SL
And ComDany. Playinir "MY BUSY -
DAY." a Comedy Sketch by , VhlQFT UOmoO
George Totten Smith. - ulUQIl DdlllGO
John T. Grace In New 8onirs and Stories.
Thome and Garletdn ■ Robertus and Wilfredo
"The American Jesters." Rubhsr Ball Manipulators.
Snyder and Buckley Orpheum Motion Pictures
In Their Musical Comedy, '-Blatz , Showing the Latest Novelties.
Wants a PrlnK." . Last Wesk of the Clever Comedy Trio,
Rice and Elmer Monroe, Mack & Lawrence
Comedy Gymnasts, In "A Rube's First Presenting Their Funniest Farce. "How
Visit to Chinatown." . to Get Rid of Your Mother-ln-Law."
REGULAR MATIXEES Every Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
7SICE3 .^. 10c, 2So and 80o
*l
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
i
STAKE
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7
Coursing win begin at 10 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES-™-$620
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TTERNEY, Judge.
' EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
High-Class Specialties tfverir Afternoon and
Ef ening in the Heated Theater.
MR AND MRS. D. M. HALL: WINSTANLET
AND SULLIVAN: HANLON AND ZAN-
FR ELLA; McCARVER AND GAREY: GUY
WILSON AND NELLIE DALY-MORAN;
FLORENCF. RAYFIELD: MABEL LAM-
SON AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
, BATORS.
HANETTBAI., the * Untamable African
. Lion. In the Zoo. ,
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
• Admission 10c; Children, Be.
When Phoning Ask for^ "The Chutes."
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. SXXZXZiT Jndrs
JAS. P. OSAOE. .Slipper
SUNDAY, FEB. 7 f 1904.
Gigantic
Open Stake
Of Sixty-four
High-Class Performers
purse purse
TBAXH SEXTXCS.
leaves Third and Townsend streets st 10:15
a. m. and 1 d. m.; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, five minutes later. Returning at S
p. m. San Mateo electric cars direct to park
entrance every four minutes during the day.
AXtMTSBIOy 85 CE3CT8; IkAPIBS TMXB.
Racing! sillily Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing; MONDAY. Febniary i.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at S p. m. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of th* city.
-Train leaves Third aad Towns«nd streets at
1:1} p. m. and ■ leaves < the :. track Immediately
after the iast race.. No smoking la last two
cars, which are reserved for Udlca and their
escorts. ?*««•:.-*<* - • . . ■ «• •
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS.- President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secrstary.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLISS^
Beginning MONDAY EYEKIHS, Feiraafj 3.
Fifth W«tk of th« DI3CUE3ION O>' THJft
DAY.
When
Johnny
Conies
Marching
Home,
A Thre«-Act Military Spectacular Cotnte OpoMI
by Stanislaus Staare *ni1 Jul'.an Edward*.
Plctxirtsque aoen«rrl
'T: Hortliera Soldiers aad '
Southern SvwthMtftst
M«*t — "THE GTPST BAROif."
XATxarzs etest sjltttboat. >
Usual Popular Price* 25c. 60c and TV;
Proscenium and Meaxaelne Box SeatJ 41
TO-NIOHT, LAST TIM&
Tb« Musical Comedr Trhncoh.
A CHINESE JjONEYMOON.
Bwrlaniiur MONDAY
M ATIN'EEJ BATURDAT OJJL.T.
WaxtabaU A Semper Present
LOUISl .is
JAMES | T 8
ALEXANDER
THE GREAT
tttimUm FRED K
0§. WARDC
Unexcelled Supportlnsr Company.
ALCAZAR%*£&r
■ General Maaagsr.
TO-jnOET — atATI-NKS TO-DAT.. ,
On* of the Alcaxar*a Best Succesr**.
A Colonial Girl.
Dellibtful Com«<ty of Romanes.
Evrs.. 23c to 75c; Mat. Eat. ft Sun.. 25c to B0*.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— OICB WKIK.
Furiously Funny French Fa*e«»
TllC CBV I "WB*n wno
n TIOIJ
Parisians | **«««»i-
200 N!«chts. Madison 8quar*. I7«w Tork.
FEBRUART 1»— "THE CHARITY BALL»-
In Preparation — "PARSIFA1*"
Market Str««t, »ir Eighth. . .Phon* Sooth SS3
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT I*AST TIMS.
Th* Iznaacsaaly Popular Soeeea*.
EAST J-YNNE.
TXVMORRO'W NIGHT— AIX NEXT WEBS.
MATINEE3 SATURAT AND SUNDAT.
The Powerful Sensational Uatodrant*.
IN SIGHT OF ST. PAUL'S.
The Spectacular London Sucena.
Masnlflcent Scenery! BrilUant 6U<* KS*«Ca1
All Central favorite* la the Cast.
ODirCC Evening* 10c to BOa
PKlWCJ Mattaw* ..«)*> 15a. 23a
BLAUVELT V?&l^ r
IN THREE PROGRAMMES OF SONO
TUESDAT NIGHT Feb. l«th.
THURSDAT NIGHT. Fet*. IHH.
8ATURDAT AFTERNOON. Frt. MO».
lUserved Scats. S2.0O. $1.50 and «.<*T «t
Sherman, Clay A C«.'». next Saturday. wh«r*
complete programmes may be obtained,
i THIS AFTERNOON, at SO'Cloek.
- FIRST KOPTA "POP." ■ .■
HARRY DE W1NDT
The Famous Explorer, ia Illustrated Laetur*
FROM PARIS TO NEW YORK BY UNO
1.TRIC HALL r$ \
NEXT TTTESDAT. Febniary 9. at S:I9 p. m.
Reserved Seats 50c. ?Se and $1.
Sox Office "now open at Sherman. Clay A Co. a
Management Pond Lyceum Bureau.
THE ZECH
String Quartet
Announce* Its SECOND CONCERT. .
T» b« Olrea at CENTURT CL.CB HALL.
1213 SUTTER ST.. Feb. 1Q. '01. 8:1» P. »
Tickets ean b« procowdat the Bex O«l« oi
eight of the Concert. Qmmtl admlaaloa IX.
SAN FRANCISCO «£
BY AUTOMOBILE <^^^p 8i
Rates less than carriages. .-^^P^^^
M0BH.E CAB2XAGS CO.
Golden Gate and Van New Aves. •
Phones Lftrkln 5»«— PoU S09tl.
Downtown Orflce. Lobby Palace Hotel.
Phone Bush 330.
Benefit W«ttr* VvaxXttn «* th» Ooldej
/ West Some. ,
Tickets for Dartna Pariofs entertalnTnTOt
to be h*W at the Alcaxar Theater TUESOA1
EVENING. February ft. may b« procured ti
Hammetngilta and FUtd"«.
fi j
rviJiirf'sr. 1 ST^^S^
4142
JOZN D.* SrSSCZXI.3. Proprietor.
I5re; Cr^ialcaigattjCiHKcgAD&ET. Maiaasr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
tect You With the Department \ou Wish.
PubMcaUon OfT.ce Market and Third. S. F.
Tutorial F-ooib tll_}° SteT « nTOa et
neJlvered by Carrier«7~2O Cta. Per Week. 75
Ct» Per Mcnta. Single Copies 6 wntt.
Tensrfcy Mail, Including Postage (Cash Wltn
DAILY CALL rtadudr Sunday). 1 y etr --*f- O jJ
:>AILY CAI-L (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4^00
PAILT- CALL— By £:«*> Mcath •=«
PTKDAY CALL. 1 Year •• r-g*
WEEKLT CALK. 1 Year. : . . ... . - Z~}:^2
£81^ {su^aV^^rpgS
tOSTAGE \j Veek iy. i.oo Per Year Extra
Estapli i Copies wt:» be forwarded when re-
quested. .
Mall sabecriber. In orderfn* .<**%=* °L£&
<res. Bteota be particular to /ire both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prorr.pt aad ccrrect compliance with their re-
cueat t
111, Broa^r^^T^p^. -«. l~
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tlU Center Street Telephone NOrtB «
WAEHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
BAlTCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaldorf-Axtoria Hotel: A. »«£•£?• . "
Colon Square; Murray Bffl Hotel; Fifth-ave-
sue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Ort^t
Northern llotel; Treniont House; Auditorium
BMel; PaJiaer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS..Mamuette Building
(Leer Distance Telephone, •'Central -619. )
JTEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
•.'nrpntry b. EMITH CO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C CARLTON Herald Sqnare
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third utreeW: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
:008 Market ctreet opposite Fifth; open nntil
11 p. m.
KT7 Mcnotromery ■treet corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 d. m.
W0 Hayes street; open t:ntil 9 :S0 p. m.
«33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; open until »:30 p. m.
3941 Mieelon street; open until 10 p. m.
£261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open oa-
til 0 p. xa.
J06 E'.erer.th street: open until 1p.m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Chm-ch and Duncan streets:
cpes until 9 p. m.
■JCorthwert corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky streets: oAen until 0 p. ra.
jy»0 Fl.lmnre street: op*n until 9 p. in.
HEAL ESTATC CITY— FOIt SALE.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
VALLEJO-PT. FLATS.
$13,000—27:6x157:6, Vallejo st, near Leav-
enworth; 5 new flats, renting for $140 per mo.
'?TEW FTLLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$3000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4
rooms and bath each, renting for ?S5.
CCR. UTH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$7500—72x107:6; N.E. ccr. 11th ave. and
Lajce et, coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$7500— K.W. cor. of Vallejo and Pcllard; im-
provements consist ot flats renting for $68 per
month.
FIT-TON-ST. FLATS.
$7000— 25x100; Fulton st, near Broderick;
2 modern flats cf 5 and 6 rooms each.
CALTFORNIA-FT. COTTAGE.
$.'000—^x1^7:6: California St., near Bu-
chanan: improvements consist oi cottage cf 6
rooms and bath.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.
$5000— 2Sxl27:0 to rear street; Pine st,
near Webster; frost end rear houses.
GREEX-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000— M;Cxl37:C; Green, east of Octavia,
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp St.. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-windew residence of 7 rooms and
hath, renting for $35 per month.
LARGE INTEREST-PAYING INVESTMENT.
$3750 — 32 feet on Church alley, near Broad-
way; improvements consist of stable and flats
renting for $624 per annum.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AK1> MASON.
$3500 — N.W. cor. Montgomery ave. and Ma-
son Ft_; 4S ft on Montgomery ave.; old Im-
provements.
MARIPOSA-ST. HOUSE.
Two houses of C rooms and bath each oa
Marlpoia rt.. near Bryant; renting for $30 per
tneeth; street accepted; no reasonable offer
will be refused.
CHEAP AEHBXTRY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1650 each— 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots en either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block.
JAMES G. JONES, 26 Montgomery et_,
OPPOSITE LICK HOUSE.
Exsector's Bale, Closing Zfetatt Of
. 3A2SES SCOBD2, Deceased.
Below are the oely remaining lots belong-
tsg to di* estate, and I, as sole agent of the
exeoatara. axn ordered to close them out at
enee. Although appraised much higher the
following prices might be favorably considered
• by the court Les« desirable lots la this block
brooght higher figures at auction.
tZfiOO — ExcrptlectJJy fine key lot on west
lire ef FUlmore. north of Oak; 23x100;
appraised at $3500.
$2,150 — Near above, lot 27:Cxl00; appraised
at $3S50.
ttjttO— North tin* Oak. 109:6 east of Steiner,
c lot 40x127:0; appraised at $6000.
,OTBX3t FINE PROPERTIES.
Sj*,600— & line of eteiuec. 83 feet scrota of
Fell; lot 80x100. One of the most beau-
ttful lots in the city.
(T.O0Q Grove Inside Buchanan; CO-foot front-
age; old lmprovemenu bring $25.
fl.TW ftnt at the most beautiful lots south
of the Park Panhandle; south line of
Frederick, looking down Shrader; lot
BCEe1S7:8; graded; gaa, water and side
■ewer la; will rub&rrlde; fine. buy.
{S&X90 — Northeast corner Vallejo. and Devls-
. aftcro; one ot the finest naobstractlbU
iraris* views la Sma Fraadsoo; lot 62x
109; will subdivide.
CX.M0— Fine 8-room bouse aad larg* grounds
ob main street, near Van Ness; just
re£no»d; owner leaving Ban Francisco.
$t.-100 Beautiful, well-built modern home of
• 8 rooms ana basement In fashionable
stslgbborhood; marine riew.
JAMES O. JOKES. 2» Montgomery st
■« — —
. HEADQT AJRTERB FOB PARK iOTS.
$*O0 TO $1200; VERY EAEY TERMS.
' vrtr A* «• ttasy bar var Oetmsia* lets?
Because bo others ther* eompar* with them.
Tb*y bar* eacbstrected oecaa and park view.
" They are '*•» •"©facial Grade"! ready for
building.
Every let U a bargain. Be* them to-day.
*Get cS can cor. 47th av*. aad H st
SCO to $256; Bear-park and oceaa; $■ raontaly.
-Oceaasld*** branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st Open Sundays aad holidays.
(500 to $1000— Unexcelled Sons«t district lots-
grs4ed and aewered; $10 monthly.
Enaset branch efflce on Sth ave.. near B st
'tlSO TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
Ktw lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of alL
Near Micsloa-it. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $"500; modera cottares aad bosses
tn Eunset. Richmond. Oceanside aad Excel-
sior Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS; EASY TERMS.
EOL. GETZ & EON. Owners anS Dealers.
Room 64. 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
START THE NEW YEaIr ~
SKVISG $5 PER MONTH
By buying a lot in the srowingtclty of Rich-
mond. wher£ are located the Standard -Oil
'Company, Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
tSoutb*ru PaciHc R. It. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Streets
graded. Maps free. *
f RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crccker Building, Ean Francisco.
SACRIFICE— Good building lots, worth $200;
cii-wz to car line (5-ceot fare); will sell -for
$225, on payments cf $1 per week. These
lots will please you; investigate. Address
T. B-, bcx 132, Call office. k
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR . SALj°»_
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery st., at 12 o'clock noon. Monday,
Febi 15.
B. MORRIS ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
770 O'Farrell et.. bet. Hyde and Larkin;
improvements consist of front and rear house,
renting for $58 per month: lot 23x137:6.
J. E. LOWNEY ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
1109 Mission St., near 7th; Improvements
consltt of store, flat and rear bouse; lot 25x
85; subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court.
CHOICE PINE-ST. RESIDENCE.
1025 Pine st, south line, bet. Taylor and
Jones; a splendid residence of 14 rooms and S
baths; an -excellent holding for either a resi-
dence, apartment-house or hotel; good expos-
ure; lot 60x107:6, with L 10x87:6, fronting
Jones st
MISSION HOME.
839 Castro st, bet. 20th and 21st; residence
of 7 rooms and bath, brick foundation, etc.
PANHANDLE LOTS.
South side of Oak st. bet. Broderlok and
Baker; S desirable building lots, 25x137:6 each;
close to Baker-st entrance of the Park Pan-
handle.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
2S62-4 22d st.. north line, *bet Harrlsoa
and Alabama: 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100.
MISSION COTTAGEv
S929 ISth St.. bet. Sanchez and Noe; -oottag*
cf e rooms; cement walks; street accepted by
city; lot 25x115.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
8 Olive court, off southerly line of Union st,
bet Laguna and Buchanan sts. ; cottage of : 8
rooms in good order: lot 25x75.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
27th st.. north line, bet. Sanches and
Church: 2 dnlrable building lots, 26:8x114
each; terms ',-i cash.
HEFEREE SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Duncan sts. ; unim-
proved lot 80x114; subject to confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
The following lots must be sold.
Lots 14-15 of block S52; lots 6-7, 10-11, block
£99; lots I«to7, Inclusive, block 435: lots 11-12.
block 111; lots 14-15. block 150: lots 8-9. block
, 156; lots 6-10-11. block 188; lots 3-14, block
; 19C; lot 13, block 156; lots 1-4 to 8. inclusive,
and 18-16, block 275. all in South San Fran-
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association, and
lots 10-11. block 25, Flint Tract
For catalogue and further particulars of
the above apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
! 20 Montgomery st
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
5E3.OCO — Rents $25S0 per annum; 6th st. busi-
ness property; 2 frontages; store and
lodging-house.
$16,000— Valencia,' nr. 16th st. Improvements
nominal value; a splendid lot to im-
prove; 60 feet front; a bargain.
$1S,COO— El«»gant Western Addition residence
of 17 rooms and bath, etc., heater; large
lot. 40x100.
$12,500 — Rents $12C0 per annum; 2 elegant flats
of 9-7 rooms and bath each: very light
and sunny; large key lot, 37:6x137:6.
$10,000 — Nice holding to improve; Ellis st;
double frontage, large lot; old improve-
ments; rents nominal: make offer.
$8,750 — Rents $S70 per annum; Park Pan-
handle; 2 nle* new flats of 6 rooms and
bath each; 25x106:3.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing- a list of
properties for eale in all parts of the city. In-
quire- at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE nunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bituminized streets: lots level and
read jv to build on; a rare chance to obtain
a holding; admirably situated and close to
the cit\- at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all particular? at our office.
, G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
2O Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
MADISON & BURKE
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
SO Montgomery St Opposite Lick House.
$19.000 — Devisadero et. : store and flats; lot
S0x£2:6; new building; rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devisadero '
et.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$30,000^ — Inside business property; on Third st;
rent $22S0 per annum.
SPLENDID INCOME PROPERTY.
$15,500 — Small flats; always rented; now pay-
ing over 1 per cent net per month; one-
half block of new Falrmount Hotel, near
Sacramento and Mason ets.; buildings in
flne condition.
$12,000— Post st.: two large well-constructed
houses; very large lot
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$8,000 — 6 Cats and store below; near 6th and
Brannan sts.; rent $S6 per month; new
building.
$5,750— Natoma- st investment; good Improve-
ments and with email outlay Income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000 — Sutter st. near a transfer corner; 19-
room residence, in flne condition; large
lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
-LOTS
110,000— ij tO-vara, 68:9xl37:«; Broadway,
sear Fillmore st; grand marine view.
$4,200— Steiner at. near O'Farrell; 26x109:9.
$2,600 — Lots on Larkin st. near Broadway:
$100 per foot.
Lots 27:6x137:6 oa Sutter st. bet Steiner and
Pierce.
Building lots; NE corner Golden Gat* ave.
-nd Baker st; in' sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lota, each 27:6x137:6. oa socth tin* of
Geary st. near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKH.
80 Montgomery Bt, Opp. Lick House.
BPECK ft CO.,
CCT Market st, opp. Kearny.
Real Eatats Agenta and Rent Collectors.
FOURTH ST. CORNER.
$80,000— Transfer corner; 100 ft. frontage;
stores and flats; bank mortgage of $30-
000 can remain: rents $357 50; lot lOOr
75 feet
FILLMORE-STREET BARGAIN.
$W,000 — Rents $385; new buildings; lot 78x
. .: 87:6 ft; best level block on Flllmore st
$12,500 CASH ONLY.
$37,600— Back mortgage $25,000; 68:9xl87:t
feet; Eddy st. near Larkin; rents $215;
must be sold this week.
FOLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000 — Stores and lodging-house; lot 80 feet
frontage; cays: over 0 per cent; $10,000
bank mortgage can remain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$10,600— O'Farrell st, east of Van Ness ave.;
pays 10 per cent by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:0.x
120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYUffQ FLATS.
$25.000— Corner; Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6x85.
$22,600 — One-half block from Market at; rents
$171: fine Improvements; lot 76x100; im-
provements modern.
$19.000 — Annual rents $2186: Goldan Gat*
Park; modern bay-window flats; lot 60
xl37:6; no better buy in Western Addi-
tion.
$18,000 — Geary. it; 3 n»w bay-window flats;
east of Larkin st; rents $125.
1 10, 000 — Two beautiful Post-st flats; close to
Gough et; SO feet frontage; always
rented; yearly rents $900.
$8,250— McAllister st flats: rents $960 yearly:
lot 25x137:6.
$9,250 — Rents $96 60: business property, near
Sixth and Harrison streets; lot has two
irontagee. .
$6,600— Yearly rents $924; Rltch st; lot 42x
75; pays 14 per cent net
SPECK t. CO.. 667 Market st
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ~
205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
$3,500—37:6 ft. frontage: 4 well-built flats;
new plumbing; near Fourth st.; renis
$042.
$8,750— Rents $C54; California st; 8 attractive
bay-window fiats.
$10,000— Rents $1188; northwest corner on
Mason st: 30 ft. frontage; stores and
flats.
$6,600— Laguna-st residence; large, handsome"
well-built: 8 rooms and bath; near Jef-
ferson Square.
$10,000— Rents $1110; near Hyde st: lot 27 -fix
110; 3 new up-to-date bay- window flats
of 6 rooms and bath.
$7,500— McAllister st: close In; attractive mod-
ern residence; 6 rooms and bath- very
select neighborhood. '
$7,250— Rents $810; 3 attractive bay-windowed
flats of 6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; north
side street; choice marine view; can
pasa dcor.
> NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bldg.
FINE income flats on Fulton St.. " near City i
Hall. Inquire Owner.- 142 Fulton st.
THREE houses, near Park Panhandle, ' for
sale. Call 702 Lyon ct
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
1IEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A T* A TTf** l*TfiT*T
TIIimSDAT, FEBRUARY 11. 1904.
At 12 O'clock Noon at Our Office,
25 POST.
By Order of MRS ALVINZA HAYWARD,
; 10— BUILDING— 10
LOTS.
As P*r -Diagram,
FRONTING ON POLfc ST.,
FULTON ST. AND
A SH A. V AC,
DOUBLE FRONTAGES.
—I 1 ~ 1 I—
POLK STREET.
~i<) io~~ "i<> io~
1 4 s a i£
g » ** •
at
f? •
™ 120
8TRATHMORB
APARTMENTS. —
Two blocks from Market st — 200 ftat from
City Hall.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE CITY.
TERMS— 40 PER CENT CASH.
For Maps and Catalogues Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST. i
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
M POST BT.
$14,000— Howard st. near 1st; lot 25x35; 8-story
frame building; rents $82 50.
$4,000^— Clementina St., near 8th; rents $41 per
month; 4 flats of 8 and 4 rooms each.
$1,800 — Must be sold; an offer wanted; Florida
st, near 25th; lot 27:6x100; frame cot-
tage of 4 rooms; present rent $12.
$3,000— 24th st.. near Noe; lot 25x114; 2 flats
of 5 rooms and bath each; rents $26 per
month.
$2,700— Vicksburg st. near 22d; 2 flats of 5
rooms and bath each; rents $26.
$3,000— Sanchez st, near ISth; lot 25x105; 2
flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents i
$27 60.
$5,000— ISth st, near Polsom: lot 25x100; S j
separate flats of 5, 5 and 6 roms and
bath; rents $43 50.
$25,000 — An offer wanted; must be sold; splen-
did building site at the northwest . cor-
ner of Vallejo and Buchanan sts.; size
100x137:6; 5 lots.
$15,500— Vicinity of Pacific and Kearny sts.:
large lot 48x137:6; 2-story brick build-
ing, containing ntores and rooms above
and frame building of 40 rooms on rear
street; rents $163 50.
$7,000— A substantial 2-story an 4 basement
residence of 7 rooms, bath, laundry,
etc.; Sacramento et., near Steiner; sunny
side; lot 25x128.
$3,000 each— Must sell; 2 elegant building lots
on Jackson St.; 25x100 each; splendid
marine view. , r
BUY A HOME.
ONB DOLLAR PER WEEK
Pays for a beautiful building' lot.
Right in the city. \
Pric. $125; really worth $250 to $600.
Ee* property to-day. -
Tak* Third st. car out Kentucky st to the
REIS TRACT.
Cornering on Railroad ave. and Baa Bruno road.
You cannot miss it
Elra and office oa the land.
Cars stop at office.
Agent on the ground. '
REMEMBER,
ONB DOLLAR PER WEEK
Pays . for a lot. No flrst payment.
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.,
629 Parrott buildlnr.
Over Emporium.
Open Evenings.
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
K*w Lots. New Lots.
46th ave., cast line, facing the oceaa,
' Between K and I> sts.
Graded and fenced; ready to build on.
Oa Easy Monthly Payments.
Be* them at once. . Choice and cheap.
$60 to $400— Ocean Heights aad Boulevard lots.
$300 to $600— Graded 19th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to $1000— Choice Eum«t A Richmond lots.
$75 to $100— Level Oceaa View Iota; city water.
$150 up— New Excelsior Homestead iots.
The finest in the district; city water.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains oa Casy Terms.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor,
_ Chronlcla Building.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rants Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$50,000 — Investment on Fillmore st: new flats;
flrst-daas In every way. paying 8 per
cent net per annum; call at our office
for full details.
$7,000— Residence, Octavia «t, near Broad-
way; 7 room* and bath; has a view of
bay; 25x137.
$8,600— Residence, Lombard st, near Larktn; 8
rooms and bath; flne view of bay;25xl.T7
$5,600— Lot on N line Clay, near Webster: 35x
127:8: flne location and size for flats.
$7,200— Marine view lot; Hyde at, near Chest-
nut: 36:8x110; very fine view assured;
new building on each side of It
$5,000— Lot on SW corner Larkin and Lom-
bard sts.: 25x105: magnificent marine
view from every window.
$3,000— Lot, Franklin et, near Filbert: B3x
160; street sewered: make an offer.
$1,750 — Lot. E side De Long ave., near Wal-
ler; 25x80.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
INVEST NOW AT POINT RICHMOND r
YOU WILL DOUBLE YOUR MONEY
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS., ■ 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
$13.C0O— MISSION-ST. property; cheap; pays
big interest; CO-foot lot and improve-
ments in good order.
$18,000— Fine investment property on Nlnth-st
corner. 60x100; offer wanted.
$2,200— Sunset cottage at a sacrifice; 4 rooms
and bath; flne location; Ninth ave.
$1,750 — Large corner, - 60x80; Douglass and
Twenty-second sts. ; must be eold to set-
tle divided Interest : n » tUhiMJUii- , . "
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
6-room cottage will be sacrificed
If sold at once,. ....... At 411 Third st .
B. GETZ. Itoom 22, .. Chronicle Bldg.
WE will' buy you a lot and build you a house
on monthly Installments. Builder,' room 436
Parrott building. .
REAL ; ESTATE CITY— FOB- »ALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
EASTON. ELDRl^Tcb..
TUESDAY, February 9. 1004, at 12 o'clock
■ noon,- at our salesroom. *
„ SIXTH-ST. INVESTMENT. _ '*>
Noa. 425-27 eth st.. E. line. 325 ft S. of
Harrison Bt. ; 50x85 ft ; improvements consist
of 2 substantial 2-story frame buildlnga, con-
taining 7 rooms and bath each.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
r\0. 2421 Buchanan st, N. of Washington
st; lot 25:6x80 ft.: modern house of 7 rooms
and porcelain bath; all new plumbing; 8-foot
basement; brick foundation; key for Inspec-
tion at grocery Buchanan and Jackson sts.
NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 623. Natoma st. S. line. 275 ft. W. of
« tn st. ; lot 25x75 ft ; Improvement, 8-room
XSHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
,„.**£: c°r. of South Broderick and 14th sts.:
lot 26:3x86:3 ft.; No 00; a very handsome 7-.
"n. bay-window residence; new plumbing, por-
f, eIa i n .oath, etc; sun in every room: a de-
lightful neighborhood and a beautiful view;
concrete, sidewalk: bituminized atreet.
-_ BUCHANAN-ST. CORNER.
, ft sw : «°r. of Buchanan and Lombard sU.; lot
ft; a most desirable site for store and
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1113 Leavenworth st. W. line, 100 ft
S. of Sacramento st - Improvements consist of
10-rm. house; this portion E. of
Van Ness ave. Is becoming the center of the
?K artment house district and small holdings of
this nature will double In value within a short
period.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
-» i l ln .* of FaJr Oak » Bt - 10 ° ft - s - of 24th
■ t- » ' ot 60x115; will be sold either as a whole
or in 26- foot lots
; CLEMENTINA-ST. FLATS.
,. B - "ne. No*. 719-719% Clementina st, 200
"• w - of Sth st: -25x75 ft; 4 beautiful little
natf, 3 and 4 rms. each; permanently rented
to flrst-clais tenants at $41 per month.
'MeALLISTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
S. line of McAllister st, 33 ft E. of Steiner
St.; extremely large lot, 60x87:6 ft; this por-
u ° n of McAllister st. is a particularly desir-
able, site for an apartment house; good paying
tenant 'under, secured lease guaranteed to tha
purchaser. *
CLEMENTINA- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
N. line of Clementina st, 350 ft E. of 6th
st: Nos. 438-438%; Improvements consist of
a store rented for grocery and bar, 2 flats of
S-J" 1 ?^ aa^ bath on 2d and 3d floors; rent
$77 50 per month.
For further oartlculars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGB A CO,.
_; 638 MARKET BT.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION
_ AND GALA DAY.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. Feb. 22. 1004.
CHICO.
J IMPORTANT AUCTION SALB
of town lots and acreage property.
In the Hnmboldt Addition t-j tlu towa of
Chico.
$5 40— ROUND TRIP TICKETS— $5 40.
(WITH STANDARD CHAIR CARS.)
Pullman cars will be run with the train and
double berths can be secured for two nights,
round trip $3.
Excursion leaves Market-st. 4 ferry Sunday.
Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock p, m., arriving at Chico
Feb. 22 (Washington's birthday) early In th*
morning.
All day Monday will be spent In festivities
In Chico, sale taking place at 1 o'clock at
State Normal School Hall. Returning train
leaves Chlco Feb. 22, at 10 o'clock p. m.. ar-
riving in San Francisco Tuesday, Feb. 23, at
: 8 o'clock a. m.
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
! intermediate points good oa local or excursion
train.
For further particulars apply.
EASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO., 638 Market -st
— ■
EASTON, ELDRIDQE & CO..
C33 MARKET STREET.
8757— $20,000— Harrison st. near Third; flats;
43 foot frontage; 6 beautiful flats, almost
new; modern, open plumbing; rents $145
per month,
S715— $i;j,6C0— Russian Hill flats; Taylor st;
four new flats; porcelain bath; social
hall; modern in every respect; rents $110.
8735— $11,500— Pine st. east of Taylor; 26x
137:0; substantial Improvements thereon;
lot alone worth money.
8751— $11,500 — McAllister St.. near Pierce; 2
elegant flats, C and 9 rooms; billiard
room; finished attic; open plumbing por-
celain tubs; gas grates; rents $77 60.
8749— $10,600— Vallejo St.. near Polk; 44 foot
frontage; 4 beautiful little flats; rents
very low at $SS.
8742— $9000— Lyon st. near McAllister: 3 flats
almost new; 6 rooms each; permanently
rented; a sacrifice: rents $73.
8720— $9000— California st, near Larkin; north
side; elegant 9-room residence; brick
foundation'; mortgage $6S00, Hibernla
Bank, 6 per cent.
8762— $S00O— East line Rltch st; 60x80 feet
backing up to Third street near Folsom:
uny one building on the latter street will
need this lot; excellent chance for specu-
lation. \
8748— $7500— Minna st.. near Fourth: 10-room
. residence; 7-foot basement; rent $45;
lot alone worth money.
S744^ — $7250 — Business property on Harrison st,
near Third; four-story building; store '
occupied as grocery and saloon and three
floors above; concrete cellar; rents $75
per month.
8699— $4700— Shipley st, near Fifth; 6 elegant
flats; renting for $C6 per month.
8758 — $3050— South of Market flats; In perfect
condition; rents $444 per annum; a snap;
don't miss It.
8759 — $3600 — Clara st, near Fourth; four ex-
cellent flats; rents $33 per month; la Al
condition; be sure and investigate.
8739 — $1850— McCormick st. near Pacific; 2
pretty little flats; renting for $13 per
month; owner confpelled to sell.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market Street.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
COLONIAL FLATS.
New building; 2 fine new flats dose to the
park; on main street; 5 and 6 rooms; beamed
ceilings in dining-rooms and hall; splendidly
finished throughout; gas and electric lights,
marble steps, etc.; price $7250. Two flats just
sold: go and look at these flats.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st, near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attlo
and basement; rented for $77 60 per month;
lot 25x127; price $0000.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats; 6 rooms each; all rented
for $56 50 monthly; price $5750.
2 new swell flats, 7 rooms each; sunny side
of street; rented for $77 50; price $9350.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots, 50x121: near
Eighteenth st; close to cars; only $2500.
MISSION, NR. 4TH, RUNNING BACK.
100 ft. rfeep to rear street; new modern
4-story and basement building; leased 10 years
for $350 per month; tenant pays all repairs;
price $78,000.
! . RICHMOND COTTAQB.
Fronting on new park from Golden Gat*
Park to Presidio; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6; price $3000.
Pretty building lot on north slda of Lake
st, running back to Mountain Lake Park;
29:6 feet front; price only $1600.
BARGAIN.
6-room cottage, with bath; in good condition:
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick sale; must be sold In the next
few days; rented for $12 per month. .. -
LOOKING INTO* THE PARK.
On Frederick st, near Stanyan; lots 27:6x
137:6; bitumen ctreet work and sewer being
done at expense of owner. These lots at the
price are positively the cheapest In the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now
offered at $1750; 6 flne modern buildings now
being erected on this property.
ON FIRST.
Near Howard; lots 23:0x137:6; improvements
rent for $03; rents should be raised; price
I10.C0O.
Bend for list of cheap lots la all parts of
the city.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
RAYMOND ARMSTRONG & CO.,
..•■■:• Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mill* Bldg.
$18,000— >'orth side of Clay St., near Maple;
modern residence, 10 rooms; very at-
tractive; substantial and well-finished;
■ colonial architecture. .
$16,000 — Modern, up-to-date. In Western Ad-
dition; 3 flats; renting for. $1250 per an-
■ num.
$4,000— Klrst ave., between Golden Gate ave.
and Turk at; house just finished; up-
to-date; not occupied; 8 large rooms;
toilet, bathroom, etc. . '
$6,500 each — Two new buildings: 2 flats each,
. 7 and 7 rooms: all rented $30 each; these
are just finished and up-to-date in every
particular. 1
$9,500— Two new up-to-date flats oa the cor-
. ner of Second av e . and C st. ; one of 10
rooms and one of 7 rooms; rents $960
'. per annum.
BEAT THIS — ~. • ■ '■ '■ ■ ;
$2750 — «-rtn. cottage, bath; extra large lot;
half block Geary-st. cars; Richmond district,
i $2400 — 6 rooms. -bath, , on 9th avenue, Sun-
eet: 34x120; easy terms. • V-i
$C0O — Fine lots; street work done; ready to
build on: 21st and Diamond sta.; $100 down.
$450— On.Corbett ave, 32x123, on grade and
new extension of Market st; easy terms. >
. $275 — On either Fountain or Bellevlew Bt;
25x125; grand view, new extension of Market.
Send stump for list city and country property.
W. J. -WHITE, 20 Montgomery st. room 5.
Read big list under Country Real Estate.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and willwrecK
the largest building completely within 10
,... days. Northwest corner Mission and ; Tenth
■ sts.. office and yard. ' .■■.-■- .■■■■v,^.
INCOME property ; south of Market and China-
' I town ; homes Richmond, Sunset, Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
exchanges. W. J. White,' SO Montgomery; r.5.
REAL, ESTATE-— CIT V— FOR ' SAJLB. :
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
. 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$13,500— Guerrero st, near Fifteenth; three
new flats Just finished, 6-7 rooms and
bath; all the latest Improvements; rents
$120 per month; lot 25x131:9 feet.
$15,000 — Franklin st. near Pacific ave.; new
. 2-story residence about one ' year • ol J ;
large . drawing-rooms, reception hall,
hardwood floors and tiled grates; Span-
ish cedar wainscoting, beamed ceilings,
butler's pantry, kitchen, etc.; four bed-
rooms, large closet, bath, ; etc. ; beauti-
fully finished; two servants' rooms;
basement contains laundry, storeroom,
etc; lot 27:6x92 feet; full particulars at
office.
$20,000 — Washington st: NW. corner, opposite
Alta plaza; beautiful two-story attlo
and basement residence, containing
salon parlors, diningr-room, butler's pan-
try, kitchen, etc.; five bedrooms, bath;
two bedrooms in attic; house four years
old; 1 electric lights; selected woods for
all Interior woodwork; concrete base-
ment; plenty of sun; elegant view; lot
27:0x110 feet.
$22, GOO— Pine st. near Franklin; thre* new
flats, 8 rooms, bath; beautifully fin-
ished; rents $1SS per month; lot 23x120
feet to rear street. \ |
$30,000 — Van Ness-ave. corner, near Sutter st;
2-story frame building, containing three
stores and clubrooms above; rents $125;
. •. leased: lot 31 feet front.
$10,000 — Sacramento st, near Devlsadero: lm-
a, provements 2-story residence; large lot.
?/'-, 60xl27:8H feet; this is an estate and
: /. the price has been put down to insure
a quick sale.
$11.000 — Mason st., near Vallejo: 8-story brick
1 , building of flats. 4-f> rooms; 7 tenants;
rents $87; lot 48:9x100 feet; only half
of lot is Improved; tenement could be
built in rear, which would double th»
rents.
$17,800— Natoma st, near Fourth; building for-
merly used as a laundry; large lot, 75x
80 and 00 feet; flne location for ware-
house or manufacturing purposes.
$8T,B00 — Eddy St.. near Polk; four S-story-
houses of 13 rooms and bath each;- rents
$215 per month; lot 68:9x137:6 feet
$8,000 — Webster at, near Clay; flne residence,
9 rooms and bath; large basement; now
renting for $50; key lot 25:8^x100 ft;
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office.
$11,000 — Post st., near Polk: fine residence, 10
rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120 ft to rear
street; price has been reduced from $13,-
000.
$20,000 — Broadway; a NE. corner; elegant un-
obstructed marine view; lot 50x137:8
ft.; one of the few remaining comers in
this section.
$15,500 — Rents $141 50 a month; 8 'new flats,
7-8-8 rooms and bath: Sacramento st,
\ near Flllmore; lot 25:9x132:8^ ft; new
flats. 9
$18.000— Rents $112 60 a month; 8 new flats,
7 rooms and bath each; beamed ceilings
and beautifully finished; Central ave.,
near Page et.: best block in Park dis-
trict; pays 10 per cent.
$5,250 — Natoma St.. near Ninth; 4 flats; rents
$50; tliis property Is In excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt-paying tenants;
no repairs necessity; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 ft
$17,000— Second-st corner, near Harrison: 70x
95 ft; flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$7.C0Or-Plerce st, hear Golden Gate ave.: im-
provements are! residence of 8 rooms and
bath and 2 flne flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; rents $35-$12-$14; total rents $61;
lot 25x110 ft.; a gilt-edged proposition.
$12,500— California St., near Hyde; frame im-
provements; lot 50x110:6 ft; handsome
location to lmorove.
$10,000 — Vallejo st.. near Leavenworth: 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:6x127:6 ft; rents for $90
monthly.
$8,750 — Income $000 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats.- on sunny side of Sacra-
mento st; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
,25x100 ft
• $7,000 — Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,250— Mosa st. between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom: 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 24x80 ft.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
21S-220 Montgomery st
A. J. RICH & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET
JCO.OOO— Third St.; brick building; near Mis-
sion St.
$33,000— Turk 6t, not far from Market; BOx
87:6; good Investment.
$30,000 — Grand Western Addition corner- resi-
dence; overlooking Alta Plaza.
$17,000 — 23d and Fair Oaks, northwest corner;
122x117:6; to rear street; as a whole or
in subdivisions.
$10,500 — Clay st.. near Laguna; fin* building
lot, 60x127 :8'i.
$14,500 — Ellis et; 3 new modern, up-to-date
flats: rents $1750 per month.
$16,000 — Sutter st, bet. Buchanan and Web-
ster; four flats; large lot, 50x137:6.
: $11,500— Devlsadero st, near Halght; 4 flats;
$06 per month rent.
$10,500— Rents $96 per month; 6 flats: oa Te-
hama st., near Ninth; lot 60xS0; pays
over 10 per cent on the investment
$10,500 — Webster St., near Sutter: residence of
10 rooms and bath; key lot, 25x137:6.
$3,500 — Geary st, near Scott; 30x137:6; cot-
tage house, 5 rooms and bath; 2 flats
i, in rear; rents $70 per month.
$8,250— Harrlson-st. lot, near Eighth; B0x75.
$5,S0O — Clay St., bet. Devisadero and Brod-
erick: lot 27:6x137:6; house of 8 rooms
and bath.
$3,000 — Jackson-st lot; near corner of Baker;
ready for building a residence or flats.
$4,750 — Devlsadero st, near Geary; cottage
house; 27x90. ,
$1,750— 10th ave., near Point Lobes; 60x120.
* A. J. RICH A CO..
112 Montgomery st
R. D. CRANSTON/ & SONS,
114— MONTGOMERY ST.— 114. '
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Call cr send' for our February" Catalogue.
$3,000 — A good level northeast corner lot in
Western Addition, near McAllister and
Lyon; bituminized street: flats would
pay well.
$14,250 — Make offer; stores and flats rented
for $125 per month. * -
$S,600-«Two excellent new flats. 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rents $70; panhandle district;
owner anxious to sell.
$2,100— Splendid lot for two flats, near Halght
and Masonic; 25x100.
$5,500— Two new flats on Masonic ave.. 5
rooms and bath in each; excellent rent-
ers.
$12,000— Magnificent residence, 11 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition, facing a
public park; superb view. For sale at
cost because of owner's altered circum-
stances: hardwood finish; a bargain.
$3,000 — A substantial 6-room cottage on Six-
teenth St., north of Market; lot 30x100.
E. H. LANGE & CO.,
26 Montgomery street room 23.
$20.000 — Folsom St.. near Fourth: lot 65x163.
with two frontages; suitable for factory
purposes.
$9,000 — Ellla st, between Gough and Octavia:
lot 23x120, with two frontages; im-
provements nominal.
$6,500— Carl et, near Stanyan; two new flats,
0-0 rooms each; lot 25x137:6; mortgage,
$3000. can remain.
$2,100— Stanyan st, between Frederick and
Carl; choice building lots.
$10,000 — Carl st., near Stanyan: 3 new flats,
•■ 6-7-7 rooms; lot 25x137:. rent $90.
E. H. LANGE & CO.,
26 Montgomery street room 23.
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Ravinrs Union Building.)
$l,S0O — Union st; sunny side, near Broderick:
cheap lot: 25x100; flne marine view:
easy terms; $100 flrst payment $23
monthly: ready for building; no lots can
be purchased in Western Addition on
such terms. , -
$10,000— Webster-st corner; 110x100; fin* buy
Jfor a builder.
$6,500—2 flats; Larkin st; 7 rooms; bsthroom.
$2,10O- : -Conjer on Webster St.: 23x100.
. $9,000—2 flats: Broderick st: 7 and 6 rooms.
$3,750— Clement St.: a choice lot to Improve
-with stores and flats; 78x115; a flne buy.
W. J. GUNN,
G30 CALIFORNIA STREET
J5650— 2 FLATS, 14 rcome; lot 45x122:6.
$7000— Shot well, st; 2 flats; lot 40x123.
$5000— Waller St.; S rooms and bath.
$2500 — Whitney st: 2 flats: rents $24 mo.
$2000 — 23d. near Guerrero: cottage.- 5 r. & b.
Chestnut st, bet. Mason and Taylor; 46x137.
with improvements: make offer.
Guerrero st, near 14th; cottage. 6 r. & b.
Pine, near Taylor; 3 new flats, 7 rooms and
bath | a^ TTER g 0N> n t:ity Hall Square.
A SNAP In the v Mission; must sell; owner
leaving city: nice cottage. 4 large rooms and
hall, porcelain bath, gas, hot water, etc.;
key lot -25x114. See owner on premises. 111
- Valley 'st.. near Dolores; Guerrero or 29th
street cars.
MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS ■ _ _
New cottage, -6 r. and bath; 110 Hoffman
ave.. near Twenty-third st.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
$200 LOTS fronting the proposed extension of
Market st ; $5 down. $2 50 monthly; marine
view. JACOB 'HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st"
$525 EACH— Two lots. 80x75, on * Mission st. r
near s Bosworth. Apply D. COFFIN. 5303
Mission St., or owner, 3556 Twenty-third st
SUTTER. bet. Baker and Lyon — Two modern
flats' 6* rooms each; lot 22:9x137:6; bargain.
Box'3062. Call.
TWO' handsome flats for sale at 958 Haight st.
Inquire of owner, on the" premises; income
$75 a month clear: must sell. .
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost'ltsprov. and part lot at 6 per cent
, MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — 6S 9-12x137:6' on Pacific st, under
" lease;- $85 "per month ground rent. Inquire
i }■: CHAS. 5 C; BEJkllS, ? 208 Hayward building.-
REAX. ESTATE— ICITY — * r °*V _ .*^*?Vir
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET ST.
$14,000— Must b* told Immediately to avoid
foreclosure; large lot. 34:4%xl37:6; on Bush
St., near Webster; handsome 3-story residence
21 rooms, could easily be converted Into an
apartment house; mortgage $11,000; make offer.
$13,000—6 modern flats, well built in good
condition; these are the kind of flats which al-
ways rent; they pay over $1400; lot 61:6x125;
on Sanchez st. near Market.
$11,000— Lot 41x68:9; on aorta sid* of Pa-
cifio st, near Montgomery: the heart ef Bar-
bary Coast; present improvements pay $960.
$10,750— Three modern flats on a Webster-st
corner, near Golden Gate av*.; rents $12C0.
$24,000— 6 new, modern, tip-to-dat* flats on
Webster it, near Geary; rents $261«.
$11,500 — 3 new, modern flats on Butter st,
near Scott; pay $1200; lot 25x137:0.
$7500 — 4 modern, up-tb-dat* flats, 4 rooms
and porcelain bath in each; lot 37:0x50; close
to Sixth and Howard sts.; rents $SS8.
$11.000— Threa new, modem flats of 6-7-T
rooms and bath; large basements; rents $1140;
lot 25x105; on Thirteenth st. near No*. .
$6000 — Modern residence 0 rooms, aad bath:
on Hayes at, near Flllmore.
$2800— Rents $450; 6 flats, la splendid condi-
tion; rents low; always rented; near Eighth
and Bryant sts.
$8300 — 3 modern flats aad rtxr eottaget on
Rlnggold st, near Ninth; excellent condition:
rents $466.
$6000 — 3 modern flats on Goldaa Gat* av*.;
rents je60; lot 25x137:6; good building; always
rented.
$8250—8 modern flats on Mo Al!! star st; rents
$SS8; lot 25x137:6.
$4100— Lot 37:6x137:6; on Bush st) lot sld*
sewered: let us show yen how to build on this
lot so that you caa make 15 per ceat oa your
money.
$5000—4 fin* flats, la perfect condition; on
Tehama st, near Sixth; pays $624; lot 25x75.
$8750 — Handsome modern cottage. T rooms
and bath, high basement, sanitary plumbtng;
In best condition; brick foundation, etc.; on
Lyon st. near Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x112:6.
$4750 — 6 splendid flats, la very best condi-
tion; first-class in all respects; rents very low,
$672; lot 25x75; near Sixth and Folsom sts.
$173.000 — 6-story, downtown apartmant hous*t
215 rooms; rents for $16,800; under a 6-years'
secured lease; all repairs mad* by tenants; lot
68:0x137:6.
$19,600 — Rents low, $2100; 6 new, modern,
up-to-date flat* on Scott st, near Oak.
$5250—4 good, well built flats on Lombard
st, near Flllmore; always rented; lot 26x125;
rents $636.
$9000— Reduced from $11,000 to force sale;
rents $1178; make offer; owner must sell; store
and 11 flats, in excellent condition; always
rented; new plumbing; lot 40x75; near Fourth
and Bryant ets.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$2100 — A great sacrifice; lot on Jackson it-,
overlooking Presidio; must be sold at once.
A BARGAIN IN WESTERN ADDITION.
$7000— A flne 3-story building of 3 flats, 4-5-
6 rooms and bath; in good shape; rented very
low at $60.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7000 — Two splendid flats. 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; rented low, $50; on sunny slda
Cole st, near Page.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$C500 — Good house, 7 rooms and bath each:
all Improvements; key lot; near corner Post
and Buchanan.
4 BLOCKS FROM "CITY HALL.
$13.500 — Rents $15C0; fine business property,
containing stores and flats: all rented; large
frontage; Gough, near McAllister.
MISSION HOME.
$2$50—^HllI st., near Castro; corner; 4 rooms
and bath; 2 additional rooms could be finished
in attic: flne views: a cozy home.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$20,000 — Corner on Masonic ave.; corner
building, containing 3 flats. 7 rooms and bath
each; 2 flats on key lot 6 and 8 rooms and
bath; total rent. $1980; abundance sun and
light in every flat: over 5000 square feet
FLATS FRONTING PARK.
$8000^ — Two new flats of 6 and 1 rooms and
bath, facing Panhandle; flne sun and light;
lot 30x107:6; Iphs» than cost.
SOUTH MARKET INVESTMENT.
Price $5500 — Rented low, $600 per annum;
8-story building. 4 apartments, 5 and 3 rooms,
near Sixth and Folsom.
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$160 Cash. $10 Monthly.
|150 Cash. $10 Monthly.
We have Just been Instructed to sell 500
Iots on Second, Third and Fourth avenues,
eta, betweea A, B and C streets, at very low
prices.
» flOOO TO $1250.
\ $1000 TO $1250.
Oa above very EASY PAYMENTS. la so
many lots. there is always a big advantage In
securing first choice. SEE THEM AT ONCE.
This property is all level, streets are graded,
sewered and macadamized. Geary st and Mc-
Allister st. cars pass the property. No lots
will i be sold for stores or any objectionable
Improvements. This is your opportunity to se-
cure a residence lot at very low prices. In
the next year or two hundreds of thousands of
dollars will be spent In buildings; bound to
improve the value of all these lots. Don't
sleep; wake up to your opportunity; see the
property, see us; buy one or more lots and
make some money. Remember the lots are
close to Golden Gate Park.
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
WE have a selected list of city property, houses
and lots; also in Oakland, Berkeley and Ala-
meda. ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California.
$S000 — RARE bargain In Western Addition;
modern house of 10 rooms and bath, extra.
tv ell built; large lot. 4-lxlS7:tS; Improvements
, alone cost the amount. ROTHERMEL & CO.,
607 California st. ;
$100 EACH— Choice level lots at Ingleslde and
Ocean -View. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 Cal-
. ifornia st.
$500 ONLY— Nice level lot, 25x80, in the Mis-
- slon. ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California.
H. E. POEHLMAN. Realty and Insurance.
304 «font«rumery Street.
$16,500— Rents $1668 yearly; let 60x00; flne
building: low rents: a bargain.
$72f>O — Washington st; 9 rooms; flne house.
$3100—2 flats on Mission-street tar line.
$C25 — Richmond. Twenty-first ave; 60x120.
$2300— NEW cottage, 6 r. and b.; $300 down
and $25 per mo.; cor. Moultrie and Crescent
$1500— New cottage, 4" r. and b. ; $300 down
and $18 per month: Moultrie st: a bargain.
D. COFFIN & CO.. C3C3 Mission st
BARGAIN — Five days only; new. modern flats
south of Golden Gate Park. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, Seventh ave. and H st
TENDERLOIN district property; pays 1# per
cent per month; to close aa estate. Box
141. Call. •
TWO new flats for sale on I^pe st, betweea
ISth and 19th. Apply 4043 Nineteenth st
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
- BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ,
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SAN MATEO mEAIi ESTATE.
BAN MATEO BAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO. \
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
agent, Frank S. Grnmmon. Saa Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 23 Post st
SAN MATEO. • BURLINGAME
Best suburban homes near San Francisco: no
ferry; electric railroad; now running; lots and
residences for sale; we can sell good lots as
low as $500 each; we "Will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Resident agent. S. G. GOODHUE. Western
Union Telegraph . building. San Mateo.
- POIXT RICiniO.VD REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS; c°heap for cash. 32S Bush st., room 4,
third floor.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg-
SAN H.AFAEL REAL ESTATE.
NICE San Rafael home cheap; 8 rooms, barn,
etc. Owner, 118 Fifth ave,, Saa RafatL
HEAL ESTATE— -Conntry— For Satle '
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$3O.C0O— Klamat.1 Co.. SouthernOregon; bor-
dering on Big Klaraath Lake; 3000 acres: cut
about 3500 tons of hay annually; also ianc»
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good S-room residence: farming imple-
ments; 10 horses; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,000— la Sonoma Co. ; Wl> acres well fenced
la S fields; house; 3 large bams; dairy noose:
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; ~4
acres 8-year-old orchard; CO head cattle; -0
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $3000 mort-
gage: trade for bay property. _
$27.000 — In Placer Co.. on R. R- — 1CS0 acrea.
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
40O head cattle year round: dwelling; c gco-t
barns; farming Implements: CO head cattle; 1-
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash
$S5C0— Sold by order of Supefior Court. 1CS0
acres, near Point Arena, 20O acres flne potato
land: appla orchard; 6CO acres more cculd ba
planted; 300 acres heavy timber: well Im-
proved and fenced: flne dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch In Southern- Oregon: SZO
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard: 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3GC0— Only 2 miles of town. 105 acres; 10
acres old vineyard: family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under Z ditches: large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows- 2 good horses; farming im-
plements: only $1COO down.
$2300—160 acre« near boat and ears. Sonoma
Co.; good 6-room house; vineyard, orchard.
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $-00;
Job can be had with the place.
$3000— One mile P. O.. schools aad stores;
253 acres: 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated:
bouse, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross- fenced: 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools: 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings;* furniture.
54500— Two and half miles live towa and
R, R.; 400 acres; 40 in grain on creelt about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
ing orchard: balance timbered pasture: house,
barn, etc.; flne place for resort or sanitarium:
not far from city. ._
$3000— 3 miles of Santa Cms. 47 acres; 1"
under cultivation, balance flne pasture: 3C3
assorted fruit trees; 15-10 grapes; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid 8-room hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 3
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650—160 acres. 8 miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O.: SO acres under cultivation: 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres flne grain:
65 acres more could be cultivated: Balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
$.-5000—160 acres, at station and near Santa
Cruz. .T3 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house:
outbuilding*: mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$.1500— Near San Jose. 14 acres bearing fruit.
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
ing*
$. : t250— 28 acres saady loam, only 8 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
$730 — Gold mine, with shaft and fln» body
of ore in sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1200—20 acres, near SebastopoL Sonoma
Co.; 6 acres clear; 4 acres bearins; apples:
runnln? stream; buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy terms.
$2230 — Best aqnlpped poultry farm m the
State: 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles oC
Callstoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tools; all go.
$1000 — Near Sevastopol ; 16 acres; orchard.
berries; pasture; fenced S or 4 fields; easy
terms.
$1800—240 acres, 5 miles of Scledad. 5 acres I
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acres bottom land: house, barn, packing-house,
tools: water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity $ftOO; to exchange.
80 acres; 13 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town; tools; $600.
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
MARSH LANDS
IN GREAT DEMANTJ.
4S0O acres — Good pasturage; hunting privi-
lege brlng3 bis rental: write for particulars.
2430 acres^ — Reclaimed: carries 600 head of
stock all the year; good shooting; price $30,-
CCO.
200 acres — Carries 100 head T months; valu-
able location: price $3000.
210 acres — Fine pasturage and shooting.
ALL NEAR ST7ISUN.
EDWARD DINKELSPIEL,
Eulsun, Solano County. Cal.
m >
FOR sale — A number of small dairy farms.
ranging from $2000 to $SC0O.
$3300— SO-acre ranch; well improved: San
Joaquln County; 8-room house, large barn and
outbuildings, etc.; 2OCO-galIoa tank, new wind-
mill, email orchard, plenty of shade, fenced
and cross fenced; this) is No. 1 fruit or Tine-
yard land.
$1200—20 acres choice bottom land, suitable
for alfalfa, corn or beans: San Joaquin County;
near small town; rural delivery.
$2000 — 20 acres choice young vineyard; Sac-
ramento County: 2 years old; close to school
and in good neighborhood.
Address box 15. Gait Cal.
IN 10 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS.
Black sandy alluvial soil; water at IS faat;
finest stand of grain in Northern California on
the land at present; adjoining beautiful or-
chards, vineyards and Improved homes: on the
main county road two and half miles of Court-
house and 2 live business towns; no Irrigation
necessary here; investigate price and terms.
SO acres, as a whole or in subdivisions.
W. J. WHITE. 2ft Montgomery st, room 5
40 ACRES level sediment land; unequaled for
berries, potatoes and alfalfa growing: $43
per acre; 'i cash; all water wanted; $1 per
acre" per year.
Call or write for full particulars. •
MARION GRUTOT.
Room 406, Examiner bldg., San Franclsoo.
RANCH of 008 acres: Northern California; 10O
acres level. 10 acres 3 living creeks; clc3e to
market; flne house and outbuildings and fully
equipped with stock and implements; fullest
investigation Invited. (75.) GEORGE V,*.
AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland, real
estate agent and dealer, member «f Oakland
Real Estate Association.
160 ACRES for sale at a bargain for cash, or
will trade for city property: 40 acres fruit.
25 hay and grain land; valuablo improve-
ments; large house, water abundant; Napa
County; 12 miles from R. R., 2 miles from
projected R. R. Address E. H. SAWYER.
. 53S Kearny st. ,
ALAMEDA County bargain: $350 an-e; will
subdivide: 40 acres full bearing orchard; near
electric cars, schools and town. -
LAYMAN'CE REAL ESTATE CO..
, 460-462 Eighth st.
Oakland. Cal.
TO close estate— Conntry place In center of
Monteclto Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly VI
acres; well located; good 8-room house, sta-
ble. 2 good wells, fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished; at less tha a coat Address
box 84. Monteclto. Cal.
NEW and selected list of country property;
farms, stock ranches, fruit and poultry
farms, alfalfa aad timber lands; call or send
for catalogue. ROTHERAIEL * CO., 607
California at.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good hons* and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near 8. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Crux County. Cal.: price
$3000; also other lands far sale. For partlc-
ulars address Postmaster. Moss. Cal.
4SO ACRES. Cottonwood Creek.Tehama County;
buildings: 60 acres hay land. 10 bottom: Cn*
creek year round; county road; oak timber;
$1000; terms. SYNDICATE INV. CO.,
Fruitvale. Alameda County. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J St.
WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
40 ACRES; unequaled for grain, fruit, olives
or alfalfa; only $30 per acre; U cash, bal-
ance like rent; abundant water; must sell at
once. Box 240. Call. -
AI.FALFA lands, stock ranches. orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues «ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
• Market st »
THREE small farms of about forty acres each
for sale by W. T. BOXSTELL, agent.
Eureka. Cal. .... y
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
*2O o*r acre: ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 118 Montgomery st
IRRIGABLE land In Saa Joaquin for sale or
rent. Owner. 434 Thirty-fourth st.. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — General ranch. 10O to 15O acrei*
between Mountain View and SIayn»ld t>>
leasa or purchase; no agents. Box 15S. Call.
RANCHES, orchards, city property wanted
Reddln Inv. Co.. Starr Ktag bid.. 121 Geary".
WE want city tract suitable for homes. Re,l-
dln Invest. Co.. Starr King bid.. 121 Geary.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA5GE.
A WELL established and very^fltable buTT-
Mn to exchange for ranch or city propertv •
will bear rl;ld Investigation. Pox 166. Cai;.'
< SPECIAL NOTICES. —
Ladles! Chlchester** English Pennyroyal Pill»
are best: safe, reliable; take no otherSend 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relict tor Ladles'ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
iXAWEDA HEAL ESTATE.
A. ROiTB FOR EVERYBODY.
$100O-*-roea. lV4-«tory cottage; lot 23x101;
•'-res.
tlOOO I rocm. 1-etory cottar*; lot 2flxl00;
-'.rrcs.
$1400— C-rcwn, 1-ttcry cottage; let £6x100;
arcs,
?17M— 6-rocm. 1-story cottage; lot 26xlT5; K.
-Sh.
$2lfiO— 7-rocm, l-«tory ccttsge; lot 54x150;
gSOO full.
5 :it0— 5-rooas, 1-story cottage; lot 40x118; %
CUB.
$230»— e-room. 1-story cottage; lot 30x150; hi
Caen.
$3100— 7-rcom. 1-rtory cottage; lot 60x150;
Vi cash.
Buclaecs let ca Park «.. €0x100; a sacrifice.
Two etc* water frcnt cottages en Central
• v *-. sear station; bargains: larre list cf
reaity.
For exchange fcr San Francisco real estate —
A modern, 7-rocm fcome In the best locality.
Apply to a. a DENKE. 1400 Webster St.,
Alameda.
SPECIAL, BARGAINS FOR ONE WEEK.
EXTRA VALUES.
PURCHASE A HOME IN THE PRETTIEST
AND BEST KEPT CITY IN CALIFORNIA.
BETTER THAN PAYING RENT.
tlOOO — Good 5-roora cottar*; lot 25x100; Wil-
low St.
$,230y — New cottage of t rooms and bath; a'.l
tEC-dera in-.j^roveinentE.
S3t«jQ-— New 6-roons house; large lot; a map.
SSIOO-^ rooms aad bath; partly furnished.
(Must be scld.)
$S^0O — Colsnlal 7-room house; large lot; flne
location.
$4000 — See- our beautiful S-room house. Gracd
atreet; a b*rra.in.
$4i^0 — See ©ur new S-rcam home; choice lo- i
caiity.
$5000 — Beautiful new 8-rorra modern house; j
cerr«r lot.
. Lot* fcr eale in all parts cf Alameda.
Homes at ail prices.
Values the best.
Easy terms to accommodate purchaser. Idesl .
homes. Choice iixraticns near trains and j
•chools.
WILL
BUILD. RENT OR EXCHANGE.
ASK TO SEE
Our $4000 epecial bargain; a modern 8-room
fc«ne; you ■will certainly buy it.
AL.\MLT>A LAND COMPANY,
150<>:PARK ST.,
ALAMEDA,
C223O— HERE Is a chance in a lifetime; imag-
ine a modern 5-rcora ccttage; open plumbing:
lot 37xU»0; a macadamized and sewered '
•treet; 3 minutes' walk to two stations; a
roodJy lot cf furniture included.
$3500 — On Lafayette st.; a 50- ft. frontage:
house cf 7 room*.
$7500 — Fire FE. cor. of Chestnut and San Jose
avres.. 75-tt. frontage; S elegant rooms;
strictly modem; billiard-rooim. flne dance
floor, ftr.e lawn and shrubbery.
$2500 — Now buitdirg; 5-rc>om modern bunga-
low; *..■- it; : "■ " down and balance Earse as 1
rer.t.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1 1422 Park St.. Alameda.
$1250— COTTAGE, 4 rocms and bath: etreet
work all dene; near echool and station; lot >
50x150.
.$1700 — 2-story house. 8. rocrcs and bath; near j
school as<l f tation ; street improvements 1
all done; lot 60x150; mutt be cold.
$2300 — Cottage, rooms and bath; almost ccm- |
plete; all latest improvement?; let 30x175; t
terms, $30u cash, balance $25 per month, j
We have building lets and homes of all sizes ',
for sale la all rait* of Alameda.
c WILLIAM Ul'FOUR & CO.. 232S Santa
Ciera ave.. rear Park St.. Alameda.
NINE-roc^i hcuse: frood location; to rer.t or
for ea!e; also C-rocns house; lot 42x130; in
good loeatien: fruit trees etc.; $3rtX); bar-
pain. CHAHLES ADAMS & CO.. Bay sta-
Jioa. Altmeda; phcne Ur.ion 1032.
$1SOO— House and let: 4»xlG«5. 552 Palace
AHMEDA KOOMS.
BOOMS furnished fcr rxusek<»epir.g; coal and
gig stoves; n<rar staticr.. H17 Grand st.
FOR rent — ti sunny frcr.t rocms. furnished
P. O. ki :?, A-ameda..
BERKELEY ADVEHT'S'M'NTS
BERIiELET REAL^ESTATE^
ETOP paying rent: I will build fcr you a 5 cr
ts roota cottage according to your own plans
and tumish lot 5Cxl«a: terms only $2<X>
c&fh balance- $20 per Tncnth.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
©pen £ur»da>s. Lcrin Station.
BARGAIN— Almost new S-room house, lot '
47:€xl35. all fenced and modern: 2 blocks ]
to railrca-i #xa.tion; eiectric cars, school.
chun^h and stores: pric* *£;CO; terms $3oo
cash, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday?. Lorln Station.
6-ROOM cottape: bath, pantry, folding doors,
mantel; city water; concrete foundation;
fcigh basement; stationary tubs; lot i,*xl.i~<:
; price $1SOO; terms $150 cash, balance $lts
" monthly; close to elation.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin Station.
GOOD 6-room cottage; hath, pantry; mantel;
• hot and cold wttcr; high basement; fruit
trees; flower garden: chicken -house; lot T»Ox
1SS; etreet wcrk done; close to station.
streetcar?, school, rfc-jrehes and stores; price
' 52250; terms to euit; this ie a snap.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Orea Ecr.days. Lorin Station.
A BARGAIN.
$5000— Worth $K-,000; n-.urt b« sold; 8 beanti-
ful srjnr.y ronrr.s: good as new; flne wide
street; near trains; lot 125x140; in flne
condition; fine ba.rn; street work all done;
se* it «t cnee.
$2800 — Two flats of 5 rooms each; lot 40x120;
3 biock* to cars; street" work all done.
$2100— New 5-roora cottage ; $CCO down, bal-
arce $20 per month; lot 40x120.
$3190 — New 7-rocm house, with everything
modern: frescoed walls: fine mantel: street
wcrk all done; $500 cash, balance $25 per
month.
$1400 — S-ro«?ra oottare; lot 60x150: street work j
an done; well and pump; chicken houses |
asd yard; 1400 cash, balance $12 per i
'.' menth. '
12*00 — Nearly r.ew 6-room house; large lot: j
3 blocks frcm trains; $900 cash, balance \
S:>- i< r month.
$200— $10 cash, balance $5 pei month, will •
buy a fizie lot; all sewered; only S blocks .
frcm trains.
W. C. MORAN.
SOUTH BERKELEY.
$50 A FOOT for land on Walnut et.. H bto*
frcm depot; srlendid opportunity to lnve«t;
will be .'■.--•«•-- x-rcspect in the near future;
come and mee it.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Berkeley Station.
1700— FINE lot en Lcu!?a st.. near cars; 40x !
135: rtreet work all dene. J.".r.»> — Modern up- |
to-<Sate 8-roora home en the hills'-de; en- i
tirely new and up to dat»: large lot: view i
autolirr.e. W. J. MORTIMER & CO., Berke-
ley station.
$4300 — SEE this nobby new house on Cedar (
et.; «xjrner lot; grand view. W. J. MORT1-
MEH & CO.. Berkeley station.
, I
IF YOU ARE LOOKING
for a lot. a home or an investment. In I
Berkeley. IT WILL PAY YOU TO SEE US. •
We have rood lot» convenient to University i
■nd station at price* rangirc from >4.V), $500. I
*b00— up to fl.VK). fCCOO. J2W0, $3000. Also
bouses from $1150. $1450, $1850— up to $4000. '
$5000, $6000.
W« have seine very good lots, houses. Cats,
rooroing-bouEes. business lots and business
houses, wher* a man can Invest anywhere from i
J1.V.' to $20,000 and realize cither a good profit 1
or a goe*1 income, cr both, on his Investment, j
L.VMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center St., Berkeley, i
57OC — 4-U00M bone; let 4f:xl30; fenced; fine'
veil; chicken facuse and yard; 2'j blocks
to cars.
' $300 — IJtcdicee S-nxim house, plastered:
>:.:'.:; veranda inclosed with glaze; high
basemrnt. wlta fit -a rocrn: we!) and city j
water: chicken hou»e; Jot 4<ixl3S; street I
- work complete; grand view; handy to cars.
jl^O — *-room hoos*, built; tJilet ar.d bat.i;
high banemcm; block to car«; now
rents tor $12
C. C. EMtoLIE.
Aenby station. Phcne Stuart 709.
$1.000 — 4-ROOM cottage; lot SOxl34; street
r.crk comrlete; f200 cash, haianoe $12
per month, iscludinjc interest at 8
per cent. 1
42,400 — 7-rocm house; medern; one block
rf cam; stiwt wcrk complete; lot 60x
140: $500 rash.
$10,000— Beautiful home In the foothills; abcut
one acre and modem ,1 l-room houae,
larre rtable and orchard; this rrcperty
is in ?!"■■ warm bf-lt of town; beautiful
xrarine vfew.
MOP. AN & SWAIN,
2121 fchattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FOR Mie or exchange for city prrperty. house
cf 7 rooms; rented year around: Berryman
Station. Berkeley. Box 182. Call.
BERKELEY ADYERT'S'M'NTS
;^^
IF YOU HAVEN'T VISITED "BEAUTIFUL
BERKELEY" LATELY OVER THE "KEY
ROUTE" YOU SURELY HAVE MISSED A
TREAT. A VISIT TO OUR BEAUTIFUL.
TOWN IS INCOMPLETE WITHOUT A VIEW
OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY. GOLDEN GATE
AND MARIN COUNTY SHORE FROM THE
"HOPKINS TERRACE." THE CHEAPEST.
CHOICES AND MOST ACCESSIBLE OF
THE VIEW LOTS. STANDING 330 FEET
ABOVE THE LEVEL OF THE BAY AND YET
REACHED BY THE ELECTRIC CAR LINE.
ONLY 1000 FEET FROM NORTH BERKE-
LEY STATION. FOR SALE EXCLUSIVELY
BY JOS. J. MASON.
DO YOU WANT AN INVESTMENT?
Look at this; one of the handsomest blocks
in Alameda County; stores below and flats
above; in the heart of town; always rented;
paying a handsome interest; price $65,000.
Also a brick block; a fine NE. corner: al-
ways rented; a thorough good purchase;
price 530.000.
A business lot, 60x118; adjoining stores,
with a e-room cottage; only $4000.
A boarding-house of 29 rooms: near th» unl-
vereity grounds: large lot: leased for $195
monthly; price $15,000.
A nice new house of 9 rooms; corner lot;
r.ear university; price $6250.
A well-appointed house of 9 rooms; new;
price r57NX
New house of 7 rooms, double floors, furnace,
etc.; $5000.
New house of 7 rooms; large corner lot; only
•jW feet from the "Key Route" cars; every-
thing modern; $4000.
Fine corner lot; near the station ; street work
a»l done; with 5-room cottage: price $2300
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Sg. ccr. Shattuck ave. and Center at.
$400— LOT on Blake st.
$1500— 4-room ehingle cottage; modern; lot
•Oxirv.
$2ftC<H) — Cor. Channing way and Piedmont;
one of the finest homes in Berkeley
$IS. 000— Corner at North Berkeley; 5 stores
ar.d 16 rooms above; pays 7 per cent Interest
on tSi» urice.
CHENEY & BERRY, P. O. Block, Berkeley.
BEST FOR THE MONEY.
$250 cash buys 2-story colonial house. 7 rooms;
large paneled dining-room: corner lot; al-
raofct new; price $2350; snap; easy pay-
ments.
$22.V*— Good cottage, 7 flne rccms, hall, bath,
basement, etc. ; fine location; cloee In.
$2f.5O— 2-st^ry cclor.ial house, 7 rooms, bath
and basement.
$CS0O^ — Close to Dw!ght way; new colonial
house; 7 rooms and bath; finely finished;
runny exposure.
H. P. IRWIN. Lorln station.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
REAL ESTATE. LOANS AND INSURANCE.
Desirable properties too numerous to men-
tion on every street in> Berkeley at lowest
prices; will furnish funis and build a home for
you on monthly payments less than rent.
List your properties with us.
2121 SHATTUCK AVE.. opp. Berkeley Station.
fj«v»_ THREE sightly lots overlooking ail cf
Berkeley, close to car line and university
groundw; a snap: for a few days only.
LITTLE & -WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley.
52200— NEW shir.*r!»d cottace of 5 rooms and
tath en lrr.croved street, one block to Tele-
prai-h-ave. car lin*: lot 50x135. LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. I'llo Shauuck ave.. Berkeley.
A COUPLE of bargains worth considering:
SS3T>00 — Fine 7-room house, clcse to school and
convenient to both trains; lot 43x120; an ex-
c<rtlona!Iy good buy.
$•^750 — EHgant 8-room hcase. within 5 minutes
of Bt-rkeley and convenient to university and
schools: snuth frontage; investigate this.
Jl'STER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPaVy.
2U9 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
IF YOU WANT TO
RENT,
BUY
OR BUILD,
SEE THE
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
21 iJ CENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
$S30 — HOL'SE of 5 rooms; large attic; street
work dene; lot 40x135; snap.
New 5 and 6 room cottages, near "Key route";
medern homes.
A few choice lots going at less than their
value. Come early.
MURDOCH & CO.. South Berkeley.
A HOME in Berkeley; new and up-to-date;
frnall cash payments', remainder installments
less than rent. Fan Francisco and Suburban
Herae Building Society, 708 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.
M. P. W. ALBEE, real estate and insurances —
Buy a home in Berkeley, the most desirable
resilience city In the State: lowest prices
guaranteed. 2139 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
FOR sale — New ccttaga cf 5 rooms: Fair Oaks
ave., 100 east of Caroline «t. J. H. YOUNG
Builder, 1243 Park St., Alameda.
BARGAINS — We buy, selL exchange or build
MURDOCH * CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley!
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailir.r. $1 per year.
FKUITVALE ADV'BT'S'M'NTS
Flll'lTVALE HEAL ESTATE.
SNETSINGER * MATTESON.
1214 FruitvaJe ave., Frultvale, Cal.
$14CK> — l-room cottage: lot 35x135; near school,
electric cars and local train: high base-
ment; chicken houses, ctty water, setver.
etc.; macadamized street; small amount
down ar.d $13 20 per month.
$5XX> — 3-room cottage: lot 40x125; one block
from car line; new; $100 down. $10 30 per
month.
$C00 — Store building; lot 40x00; corner; fine
location for small grocery; good residence
section.
$1100 — 6-roora house; lot 40x144: well; near
car line; good location; small payment
down and $3 40 per months
THESE ARE BUT A FEW; WE HAVE A
LARGE LIST RANGING- IN PRICE FROM
A FEW HUNDRED DOLLARS TO MANY
THOUSAND; TERMS TO SUIT BUYERS OF
VARIED MEANS.
WE BUILD WHEN WE HAVE NOTHING
IN IMPROVED PROPERTY TO SUIT OUR
• USTOMERS AND SELL ON THE EASIEST
TERMS.
FNETSINGER 4: MATTESON.
1214 Fruitvale ave., Fruitval", Cal.
II. BARKMEYER. 1208 Fruitvale eve.,
Frultvale, Cal.
Will build you a home to «uit on easy terms.
Lots. Lots. Lots.
{100 — Only 2 short blocks from car line;
near schools; in 5c limit.
S500 — Good nouce of 2 large ' rooms; lot SOx
UD: 3 blocks from car line; terms $50 cash.
balance $5 40 per month; grand view.
$800- -Cozy cottage of 2 large rooms; hard
finished: chicken-houses: lot 100x1 "!»; 2 blocks
from car line; terms if desired.
$1000 — Neat ccttage of 4 rooms; large pan-
try; city water; lot CC:6xlOS; fruit trees In
bearing; terms easy.
$12T>0~-Cottage of 4 rooms and ba.h: high
basement : partly floored; j-table and chicken-
Louse; let SoxlOO; terms If desired; East Oak-
land. , -'- ■■■•■;
S155C — New bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; hard finished; high basement; lot
40x115; Mi block from car line and 15 minutes'
v.-r.'k to local train.
$1700 — Ccttage of 4 room*: almost new;
about 1 acre of fine soil: stable and chicken-
houses; good well and pump; would make an
excellent chicken ranch. For particulars ap-
ply to H. BARKMEYER. Frultvale ave..
Fruitvale. Cal. Tel. Brock 633.
SPECIAL ~~'
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
Tbe ttrrelirus of 6-cent fare. Haywards ears;
ctreets graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot en tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and talar.ee $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply to S S
AUSTIN 1101 Twtnty-thlrd ave.. Oakland.
FOR eaJe — $3300; cheap for cash; modern 5-
room ccttage; brick foundation, halh bath,
basement, closet/ city water, fruit • trees,
barn, chicken houses for 400 chickens, brood-
er houses. 11x22 ft.; all only 1 year old; In
a beautiful location on county road; near
school; a nice place for raising chickens and
a lovely home; lot 77:6x3€S ft. M. M.
EPITZER, Watchmaker. Frultvale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. P. LEE. Phone Vale. 298.
OFTICB, ONE-HALF BLOCK PROM FRUIT-
VALE STATION.
$300 cash, balance $15 monthly; 4-room mod-
ern cottaxe; bath and pantries; 'with store in
a . neighborhood where a bakery and confec-
tionery store would do well; located on the
main county road; close to school, cars and
! church; property surrounded by a good fence;
no cold winds or wet fogs; lot 187 feet deep;
1 price all told $1COO.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract; fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fog*; and lots only $75
each- $5 down, balance $2 00 per month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
, OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
1 . ■
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., INC.,
1172 BROADWAY, COR. 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 33.
$7250.
Beautiful new home of 8 rooms and bath on
1 a flne .large corner lot near Boulevard Terrace;
the house is extremely well bnilt and has
every convenience possible to modern construc-
tion: the plumbing and fixtures are the finest
to be obtained; let us show this; terms can be
; arranged.
J6S50.
New house of 8 rooms and bath on north
side of 21st et., near the lake; new and mod-
1 em in every way and a* well built as a house
can be made; complete with lawns, sidewalks.
etc See this before buying a borne.
$6000.
Fine modern home of 7 rooms and batb near
21st and Webster sts. ; on sunny side of street
and on a very large lot; complete rn every
detail and beautifully finished; rooms are all
large and sunny; a bargain.
$46M>.
Fine residence in East Oakland, near Lake
Merritt; large eunny lot. 45x150: the house Is
well built and contains 7 rooms and bath;
very conveniently arranged; 4 bedrooms up-
stairs: easy terms.
$3500.
Nice new colonial house of S rooms and bath
on north Elde of flne residence street In very
good neighborhood; very easy terms.
J415O.
New house on Grove St., near 35th; well
built and contains 8 roome and bath; near
Key Route and in a coming section; reduced
from $4500 and must be sold; see us about it.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., INC.,
1172 HROADWA'Y. COR. 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE. "
TEL. MAIN 33.
MEMBERS OAKLAND REAL ESTATE AS-
SOCIATION.
LIST YOUR PROPERTY WITH US FOR
QUICK SALES.
TAYLOR BROS & CO..
Real Estate,
Fire Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Cedar 351.
123»; Broadway, Oakland.
• $3000 — A very elegant residence of 11 rooms.
bath, laundry and finished Basement with
cement floor, combination gas and electric
fixtures, situate on a corner, having an
unobstructed view; lot Is terraced two
to four feet with cement retaining wall,
street and sidewalk all comciete; cannot
be duplicated for $7500; photograph at
offW. 13iJ
$3750 — Modern, two-story residence, 10 rooms,
let 110 teet front. 150 de«D. cost owner
$10,000; first mortgage cf $3000; S750 cash
and assume mortgage; very excellent lo- ,
' " cation; no pessibie objection cculd be
raised. l"01
.$6000 — One of the handsomest 9-room resi-
dences on Webster street; within five
minute3* walk of City Hall; owner com-
pelled to chanse location on account of
change In business; price reduced from
57000 for quick sale. • iSS
$7500 — Residence: 10 rooms: cost $14,000 to
build: lot 150x140 feet, on one of the finest
corners m Oakland; cement walks and
coping: mortgage was $10,000; reduced to
the present srice for quick sale; an in-
vestment: a case of er.ap judgment: lot
can be subdivided and two very desirable
lots, sold off. 6-35
TAYLOR BROS & CO..
Telephone Cedar 351.
123S Broadway, Oakland.
WM. P. TODD. Oakland Real Estate.
1070 Broadway.
$1250 — A good 7-room 2-story house, near San [
Pablo ave.; street work done; terms.
: $1600 — N'ice 5-rocm cottage, well located; short
walk to town; high basement; brick foun-
dation; street work complete.
$2000^ — Good modern cottage of 6 rooms, 50x
1O>. near Grove Et. See photo at office.
$3000 — Modern C-room, new story and half
home, near 32d and Grove sts.; certainly
a snap.
$3000 — Up-to-date 5-room cottages on west side
j ■ of Grove St.. near new Key Route; lot 33x
116. See this before buying.
$3150 each; 2 new 6 and 7 room bungalow rot-
tage*; one block ta new Key Route line;
located on Fifth ave. and E. l»th st.;
"also new modern 6-room 2-ftory houFC on
corner adjoining the above, can be had
for 5553OO. Now thes«e houses are worthy
cf your investigation if you are looking
for a home. Terms will be satisfactory.
We have a large list of ether properties,
homes and Income properties a.« well.
WM. P. TODD, Oakland. Cal.
1070 Broadway. Phone John 071.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway, cor. 11th st.
A good comfortable ccttage of 4 rooms on a'
macadamized Rtreet; lot 22x75; only $1200; on
11th st.
Beautiful sunny let. 50sl40: near local trains
and electric cars; en a main street: street '
work complete: suitable for single residence or^
flats; price $1SOO.
Fine new modern house of 7 rooms, bath,
exposed plumbing, electric lights and appli-
ance*; double floored; lot 45xli:0; grand view;
owner compelled to leave town; price reduced
from $4500 to $4000 to make quick eale.
San Pablo ave.; lot 25xltX\ with small-build-
ing containing one store, with rooms in rear:
only ?3150.
San Pablo ave.: comer lot, 55x100; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath on front of lot: price $7250.
Frultvale: elegant home of 4 rooms, 2 baths
; and every convenience; lot 45xlCS; houce can-
not be built to-day for--pr!ce asked for entire
property ; flne garden, etc.; price $5000.
EELDEN'S BARGAINS. ~
$5200 — Choice 9-room heme on Oak si., near
Madison Square Park; lot S7:CxlOO; with flne
stable.
{2250 — Modern 5-room cottage on West St.;
lot 2Sxl40: easy terms.
$2400 — Fine 7-rocm house, near Senator Per-
kins'; very easy terms.
$1500 wUI buy 5-rocm cottage and lot 45x100;
on Twenty-sixth St.. near Market.
$2300 will buy cottage of '5 rooms and floored
attic on lot 32x120; Tpirty-flfth st., near Tele-
1 graph ave.; sunny side.
$1400^ — 5-room cottage on Twenty-eighth et.,
near San Pablo ave.
$1250— Elegant residence: lot 33:4x100; in
i the beautiful Merrill property; Telegraph ave.
and Twenty-sixth st.
$1500 — Choice corner lot, 33x100: on Filbert
and PIxteenth st*. : elegant surroundings: highly
elevated; no pr^itier site In tnirn to build on.
BELDEN— Real Estate,
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$2550— COTTAGE of G rooms and bath, base-
ment: frontage cf 25 feet: Seventeenth st..
one block from Ban Pablo ave. ; only 3
blocks from Fourteenth Et. and Broad-
way. V
$1550—2 flats, with cottage In rear; rents $55
per month; a net Income of 12 per cent.
$5000 — Large residence, 10 rooms and bath; on
ncrthwest corner; handy to cars and rail-
road stations; ICOxlOS: cheapest place in
Oakland for the money; residence alone
worth $3C0O.
GEORGE H. VOSE, Real Estate,
HIS Broadway, Oakland.
$230 CASH. $3 75 monthly: double cottage of 4
nice rooms, bath and pantry; grand well of
soft spring water; Al sandy loam: youns
fruit trees, flowers. Loganberries, raspberries
and blackberries: chicken- bouse and barn
and chicken run; 2 lots, N 65x100. all fenced;
no cold wind or fog; near electric car line,
school, church, postofflce and large hall; sec-
tion new. but nicely settled up; price $1200
In all. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
* St.. forp. Broadway Station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
S10.000 — FINE corner on San Pablo ave., 120x
140 feet; house of 12 rooms, bath, etc.; will
sell lot and move buildings if desired by
purchaser.
$3000 — 50x70 feet; One business corner; near
Broadway. W. F. CBANION.
; 428 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4C0 and .462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
. INVESTMENTS.
$90,000 — Central business block; pays 8 per
.cent net: flae future value.
$18,C00— Modern 3-story business property;
close In; pays 7 per cent net: see this.
$10,000— Near Santa F» terminus; modern
buildings; corner: estate forcing sale.
RESIDENCES.
$25,000 — Handsome Oakland mansion ; cost over
$55,000: estate forcing sale.
$16.500 — Linda Vista, Piedmont; one of the
finest homes in this section; new and mod-
ern, w
$10.500— Cost $18,000; absolutely the finest
corner home west of Broadway.
SGT50 — Double sacrifice: cost $12,500: non-
resident says sell: handsome colonial 10-
room corner home; 100x150; stable? choice
snap.
$3450— Sacrifice; corner, "OxlCO: splendid S-
room .cottage: flne choicest
neighborhood; In Central East Oakland; land
worth price.
$2150 — San Pablo-ave. business lot and cot-
tage; the market street of Oakland; mort-
gage, $1000.
$2650 — Near Twenty- third and San Pablo sts.;
new 2-story colonial 5-room cottage; porce-
lain bath, mantel, folding doors, stable -
rents $22 50 month; mortgage, $1500; a cozy
home; bargain.
BERKELEY INVESTMENT
$5000—222 ft. frontage; paved street: neat 5-
room cottage: pair 5-room flats; store, water
plant, barn, outbuildings; 140 ft. frontage
can be Improved to advantage; good In-
" come; value will advance.
$5500— Fine residence; Lakeside district, 8
rooms; nil modern: furnace.
$3500— Nice house; 0 rooms and bath; lot SOx
100; barn; near locals.
$3250— Large cozy cottage: 6 sunny rooms;
high basement: lot 50x100: east frontage;
choice libation.
$3100— Modern 2-story house. 8 rooms and bath •
lot 37:6x115; street work complete- owner
anxious to sell; easy terms; near Telegraph '.
ave.
$2650— Pretty cottage, 6 rooms and bath; gas.
mantels, etc.: southwest corner; 37-6x110-
rents $18 month; very easy terms; on Elev-
enth et.
$4000 — Magnificent residence, 10 rooms and
bath: high, sunny lot, 75x150; lawn; cement
walks, stable; house alone would cost more I
to build.
$3200 — New 2-story house. 6 rooms and bath; '
lot 30x100; swell front; two toilets; comblna- j
tion fixtures; near Grove and Thirty-second j
sts.: terms. . !
$2750 — New bay-window cottage. 5 rooms and !
bath; lot 37 feet frontage; between Grove '
st. and Telegraph ave. ; terms. J
$2500 — N4>", modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; r
30 feet frontage; choice location: near Thlr- (
tieth St.; terms. i
$2250 — Bay window cottage, 5 rooms, alcove
/-and bath; lot 57x100: windmill and tank;
Linden et.. near Eighteenth.
$1150— Plain cottage, 5 rooms; lot 26x125; Fil-
bert t-t., close in.
$1350— Neat cottage, 4 rooms, near Twelfth st.
and railroad yards; terms.
f 516.10 — 6-room cottage; lot 50x100; factory site;
bound to treble.
$1750^ — Modern cottage, 4 rooms; lot 50x100; >
business street; North Oakland. ■
$1600 — Neat cottage. 4 rooms; lot 00x16-5; near
Key Route.
$2000 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms; lot 37:6x110;
near Twenty-third ave. ; cheap.
J2C00— New ccttage, 5 rocms; let 50x100; $500
down, balance as rent.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4tg Eighth St.. Oakland.
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.,
1W0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
$1200— Fine NW. corner, near 3Cth and Tel-
i egraph ave.; 07x113, or will subdivide.
$1700^ — A very n»at colonial cottape, 5 rooms
and bath; newly tinted; good condition
and location: close tr> Telegraph ave.
croes-tov/n route to San Francisco: small
payment down, balance easy monthly pay-.
meats.
$2300 — Just finished; up-to-date cottage, R
rooms and bath: all the modern conveni-
; ences; lot 40x135; located with a flne
panoramic view of the Berkeley hills.
Mount Tamalpais and the Golden Gate:
only 2S minutes to San Francisco on Key
route; ready to move Into; only $5CK> cash,
balance easy monthly payments. !
CS30 & 0S31 !
$2650^ — Cottage f»f 5 rooms, porcelain bath, with •
nickel trfmmings; reception hall, wltn
artistic side window; dining-room pan- j
neled: double china closet, mantel and >
leaded glass bric-a-brac case; roomy j
fcltchen: Al pantry: 2 bedrooms and two
closets: wash trays and storeroom; a
model home; see it. j
$2730. A BUNGALOW COTTAGE. S2750. j
Five rocms. reception hall connecting
dining-room and parlor; cozy wlndj-CV- |
aeats, fine mantel, bookease and china ;
closet: gas and electric "lighting; open •
plumbing, porcelain bath, nickel trim- 1
rr.in?s; medicine chest: must be seen to i
appreciate its good value; close to Tele- !
graph ave.; lot 37:6x115; see photo and I
plans at office. i
M.A.B. p !
$i00O. $1GOO. I
Two flne flats of 5 ar.d 7 rooms eacn: )
modern In every particular: close to j
schools. local trains ar.d business center: !
lot 37:6x100; rented fcr $40 psr month j
to Al tenants.
$4000 — Actually worth $."W!0; we are Instructed
to sell an eleeant 9-room haune on Web-
ster st. at a sacrifice: flne location: easy !
walk to trains and business center; get
permit to Inspect the premises.
$5000 — An elegant borne on Webster st. ; 8|
rooms; hardwood Odors, open plumbing,
furnace, etc.; right in the heart of th<»
ctty; must be seen to apprciate it3 value. ■
HOLCOMB. BREED <fc BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FRANK P. LEE, ~~
811 BROADWAY.
$3250 — New. up-to-date home. 7 rooms; tinted
walls, pleasing arrangement; location 5 !
minutes' walk frcm Key Route station:
street, sewer, gas and lawn complete; lot j
40x150; owper wants to sell; Investigate. !
$2650 — Sunny Fide; close in; between Tele- •;
graph avr. and Grove st. ; nice cottage, fl j
rooms and bath. Inlaid floors, cozy home; 1
t bargain. ;
$1500 — Modern cottage 0 rooms, bath, base- |
ment and laundry; east front; lot 40x125; •
good location; East Oakland; cheap.
FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TOJiET.^
TO let — An elegant cottage of six rooms: gas.
bath and all modem improvements: very j
reasonable to a good, steady tenant. Inquire j
Lsnigan Real Estate Office, Golden Gate sta-
tton.
OAKLAftD HOOMS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL, large, clean, sunny rooms: cen-
tral location. «15 Fifteenth St.. Ookland.
2 FIVE sunny front rooms, with board, to
rent at 13CS Webster St.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOOMS AXD BOARD.
WANTED— Room with board In private family I
for tvro gentlemen: state particulars. Ad-
dress L. W. EDWARDS, care Dental Supply
Depot. 473 Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRJVITIJ11E FOR SALE.
T0-M0RUOW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Scheiihaas.llth «.. cor. store. Oakland.
elmhurst real estate.
we have"^vhat^you"Xre looking foTeT
Homes from $700 up; lots from $50 up; CASH
OR TERMS.
Our Leader This Week.
$1400— House of 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
mantel: newly painted; lot 80x132; one block
from electric cars; must call Immediately.
ELMHURST REALTY CO..
Elmhurst. .
■ MEDICAL. -,
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post «t.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable r pecialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed^^^lOOS^JIa^kje^ji^jOMLSth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 M by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt o£ price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are »ick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively correctedptns unfortu-
nate helped; tbe most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment.free. Dr. Cottlugham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEV. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medicai care; low fees. (
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female Inst. relief;
treatment 510; bcuts. 10 to S; 25 year** exper,
DR. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladies; con-
sult him free.- SOS Kearny sL; tel. Main 4S1.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st.. corner
■. 2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st., • opposite
; Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MATRIMONIAL.
A TALENTED widow, educated and refined,
would be a great help to husband, either at
home or In business: have had some busi-
ness experience: would like to meet a man
of geed character and habits; object matrl-
mony. Address box ISO. Call.
AM 47 years old, unlncumbered. temperate,
amiable disposition; am well known here, as
I have been In business in thia city for a
number of years, would like to meet a lady
of about 45 years of age; object matrimony?
Box 24ft. Call.
AM 31 years o i ( j i win make a congenial hus-
band: have a good trade and would like;
acquaintance with lady who can assist me .
financially In opening a place of business for '
myeeir: object matrimony. Address box 250. 1
Call office. ' 2_
I HAVE a good position with the Government,
a comfortable income: black hair, am 32
years old, good habits, would like to meet
lady abcut 30 who would like to marry and ;
have a good home. Box 236. Call office.
AM 45 years old. a business man In this city
for 15 years past, of good habits, would like
to meet a lady about sama age, who would
appreciate a good home and husband: no
triflers or agents need answer. Box 103. Call.
A GENTLEMAN, lately from the East, 48
years old. with good income, would like to |
meet pleasant, refined lady, one who could i
appreciate a good home and kind husband; j
object matrimony. Box 143. Call office. j
A GENTLEMAN of good family, well con- \
nected. 23 years old. in wholesale business in
city, no Income outside of salary, would like
to meet lady of some means; object matrl-
mony. Box 227. Call office.
A YOUNG man, 30 years old. well educated,
holding a good paying position, has an in- |
come outside of salary, would like to mMt
young lady; object matrimony. Box 243, Call.
AN accomplished, refined, young lady, flne ap-
pearance, wishes to make acquaintance of . a
stylish young man; object matrimony. Bex f
200, Call office.
WANTED — To correspond with & gentleman;
object matrimony; will live In either city
or country, but prefer the country- Box 215,
Call office.
ALL ladies and gentlemw desiring to marry
will learn something to their advantage by
sending their name and address to box 1S6,
Call otftce.
AM 44 years old, employed steadily: would
like to meet a lady about 33 to 4i> years old;
object matrimony. Box 130, Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 3C, good position and hablt3,
wishes to correspond with affectionate lady;
object, matrimony. Box 5S1. Call office^
A MAN, 30 years of age. In business with a
fair income, wishes to meet a lady matri-
monially Inclined. Box 229. Call office.
HAVE a business of my own and can make a
pleasant home for a wife. Address box
244. Call office.
MIXES AXD MI.NIXO
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the roarkejt 20,000 shares
of its stock at 25c a share, the par value [
being $1, Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln- I
ing expert. Is in charge of the work and re- |
ports that the richness of the mine is gaining j
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will I
go to $2 a share within the next 12 months: }
interested parties can see the quartz and gold |
taken out of this mine at the office of their ,
fiscal agents,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
WE loan money on mining stocks — Therefore, if
you wish to buy a geed dividend stock at 20
to 40 per cent of actual value, write us at I
once, naming the stock ycu want: mining pea- j
pie everywhere get money of us and often
lose their stock; we have several splendid •
bargains to offer: let us prove It. MOODY & I
CO.. 123 South Broadway. Lcs Angeles. Cal.
MISCELLAXEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont si
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
tm<ls no painting or ccattng; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
213- HAND machinery, boilers, cngir.es, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold. ;
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers. 1
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st. \
NEW No. 4 Pony Prerao 4x5 leather carrying 1
case: plate holder, developing and printing |
outfit etc.: reasonable if sold quick. The j
Camera. Holt. Cal.
A— Flee suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 30. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sell? or rents gear machinery, en-
gir.es. boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. SSTt-tTSS Spear at.
"A FINE selection of trunks. «dlt cases and
tailor-made cults sold en small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton. I
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost: •
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revclk & Co.. San Francisco. I
ALTERATION <eale— Best $2 SO hata, » 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon. :
TRY our men's 6boes at $1 and $1 60 pair; j
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
chargfs. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%c ROLL and up; flne wall paper; samples
mailed: painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
1OAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321. ;
FOR sale — Drums ajid barrels: also square '
tanks. GEORGE PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123
California st. ■ '■
TWO thorouchbred Holstein bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'3
STOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
FOR sale — 7x11 Job press: in good order; cheap.
Phone Scott 143. between 7 and 10 p. m.
FOR sale ctuan— A new No. 7 steel range;
never used. WO Grove rt.
FOR sale— Canaries: Imported rollers; male and
female. 633 Minna it. j
FOX TERRIER puppies. 3010 Castro St.. near
Glen Park.
FOR sale — A nna young milk goat. Call at
,562 Shotwell sU . -J
TWO cocker spaniel pups for sale; cheap. 191S
Hyde st. • j
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and calf for sale.
Inquire 1C25 Sixty-third st.. Oakland. j
CARD machine for sale for want of use: as
good as new; $10. 119S Folsom St., cor. Sth. |
AN interest in a profitable new steam schecner
for sale. Box 142, Call.
WANTED — A purchaser for a green parrot :
No. 1 singer and talker. 912 McAllister st.
PRINTING plant, cyllner, etc.; as whole or
sections; a snap; modern. 510 Pine st.
FOR sale — Good Smith Premier typewriter;
bargain. Bex '131, Call. '___
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
Bush St., third floor, room 4.
SM--ES and cash recisters. new and second-
; band. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and "exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; teL Bash 187.
MILES cf nine and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GEXE R1LEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
SOilK good second-hand gasoline engines. I to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
ELOT machines cheap; Chicascea, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and Eafes: see the complete Una at 1818
Market, ab. Vac Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFBIS — New and eecend-hand. THE HER-
MAX.N' SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St. -
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard ft Breck. 131 Poet st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Edis:n phonographs, records, supplies, moving
. picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE eugtnes. automobiles and launcnea:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montr y-
MISCELLAXEOl'S AVAXTS.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand 5x7 Century
Grand Sr. camera, with or without lens;
state price. Address "Bishop" Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
WANTED — Second-hand water or oil tanks;
state price and capacity. Address JOSEPH J
W. SILVA. box 75. AlamMa. Cal. j
WASTED — Good Morris chair; cheap. Addres* '
box 933. Call. J t
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741. cr postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand "clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: teL Jessie 2S8i.
~~ 3IOXEY TO LOA.V
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business In
4B principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott btdg.
HIGHLY" respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cant Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al no commission, no publicity;$23 up;quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery. • rm. 7.
atOXEY TO LOAX~Con tinned.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
- 601-602-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; na disappoint meet.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter- ■
eats assignments of rents, property la trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates anfi undivided In- !
terests m property purchased. ,.
Courteous treatment. Strictly coaSdentlaL *
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office. .
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are , |
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- 1
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan buiMifig.
AT lowest rates on furniture and ptanos: strict I
privacy; no commlasion;lnstallments accepted. I
EONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building. |
ANY sum on furniture -or pianos; no removal; j
lowest rale; easy payments; no commissiou. j
1170 Market »t.. room 68.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market et.. rocm 2C7.
— ■ 1
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent j
mo. 3. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 333 Kearny. |
3% ON furniture & pianos; 13 up; no removal;
no ccm. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans meney to [
salaried employer. R. 311. Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld. |
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without !
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building. 1
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The WeeklyCalU j
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOXEY WAXTED.
WANTED— $CfCO; 8 per cent guaranteed; le- !
gltitrate manufacturing business. A. R. ;
COULSON CO.. Inc.. Petaluma. Cal. |
j
A FINE lot Of bargains in second-hand piano?, •
Including such makes as Steinway. Haines :
Brcs.. Knabe, Baua. Foster. Weber. Star. |
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other 1
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 1« O'Far- ,
rell et.: no branches in San Francisco.
ONLY piano house in the city that will rent
ycu a new piuno for $3 per month and allow ;
o montlV rent and cartage off purchaje
price: **.• agents for McPhall. Schiller and 1
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. S«O Hayes, j
A FEW unredeemed storage planes (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1C3H Market st.
CHICKERING grand: fine condition; great j
cash bargain; owner has not room for It. 1
Apply C. A. NEALE, 769 Market et. j
CHEAP square and upright planes; new and I
second-hand organs: very easy payments. !
403 Market st.. second floor. j
NEW $50 music box for good typewriter. Box
191. Call office. |
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary «t. j
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly ;
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st. ,
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano; j
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeftes.283 OTarrell.
SOHJCER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano ;
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30B-312 Post st. ~ j
SUPERIOR violins, althen. old and new. H. '
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place, j
ROOM SJOR UOUSEKEEmC. j
A R DELL, 15 Paee — 2 front furnished hskpg. !
rms.: gas range: $3 week ; 3 basement ns», >.t j
CAPP. 211— Furnished alcove suite of sunny ,
rcems; aJults; housekeeping. 1
DE NORMANDY. COS Po»t— Nicely furn. rms.. j
$2 week up; alao bskpg. $4 to $7 a week.
DEVISADERO, 4C3 — Two furnuhed rooms fcr •
housekeeping; clean; sun all day. '
14TH. 70. cor. Folsom — 3 sunny rooms. 2 bay •
windows and kitchen; latest imp.; gas; $20. I
FOURTH. 225— Furnished housekeeping room, ■
with large closet. 1
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — •— — I
GEARY. 1C02 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms, j
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges ; ,
running water; gas; reasonable. ■
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622—2 gunny front rms. ; j
furn.; gas range; bath; laundry; clean.
1 » '
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 953. opp. Jefferson
■quart — Large parlors; complete kitchen; $20.
GOUGH. 140. cor. Oak — Large sutmy -oom; I
use of kitchen: cheap.
HAIGHT. 1786 — N«w. large, sunny front house-
keeping rooms; furnished or unfurnished, or
single room?: laundry, bath, phone. ;
HAYES. 1366—1 or 3 furnished or unfurnished;
beautiful and sunny; 1 light housekeeping.
JACKSON, l.'llA — Larce front and back par- j
lors, furnished complete for housekeeping; ,
also single room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine— '
Sunny, furnished 1 3-rocm suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up. .
LARKIN". 433 — Nicely furnished rooms fcr :
housekeeping. / ;
LARKIN. S19V4 — Sunny housekeeping room; (
gas stove and bath; $10 per month. . j
LARKIN, 1203 — Rooms to let for hcusekeep-
Ing. !
MARY. 22 — Two sunny furnished rooms for ;
housekeeping. J
MCALLISTER. 7SS — Private family. 2 large.
front, sunny rooms, furnished: also entire .
floor 3 rooms, kitchen, bath and unfurnished,
with carpets if desired.
MISSION. 11— Large, sunny kitchen and bed- ,
rocm. complete for housekeeping; $10.
OAK. 1320 — Two or three sunny houiekecp- !
ing rooms; gas range; bath: laundry, etc.; ;
$ia. ;
OCTAVIA. 1250. cor. O'Farrell— Housekeeping ;
suite, elegantly furnished; gas and coal range, j
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde — Large furnished room; !
running water; grate; one or two; private )
family; $10. .
SIXTEEN. "H, 3432. near Churcli — Sunny, front !
bay-window rocm and kitchen, complete fcr
housekeeping; gas range, bath ami phone;
new flat. , , i
SUTTER. 823B — Nicely furnished stilt* of '
£ rooms, with kitchen, phone, bath: private.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367 — Two sunny. fumi«hed !
housekeeping rms. in warm belt Mission; >12. •
VAN NESS. 417 — 3 basement rooms. $22.
VAN NESS. 100S— Large ronny furnished !
rooms: housekeeping privileges If desired; i
good board In immedfrte vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been j
opened at 100S Market «., opposite Fifth. .
Open «nt» 11 P- m. ; {
APASTaansKT houses. |
GLEXDORE — New apartments on Pine St..
east "of Van Ne*s ave.; 3 and 6 rooms eacn.
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost: will be flnlahe-:
with exceptional beauty and taste and mt4
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenant*
can rent direct from owner, who will nann t
the building, now apwroaeh'.ng completion:
open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT, it
Pest st.
THE LUNGER. 443 Octavla. cor. Hayes — Ju.*-
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartment*
elegantly furnished; electric lights; prlvjtu-
baths: $40 up: ref*.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The •
acme of perfecticn in elegantly furn. 3-rocm
apartments: private baths, stenra beat, el,-*
lights, elevator.' gas ranges: $-10 to $35.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modem 3-4-3 ,
rooms also single; furnished cr unfurnished;
marine view; now open: references.
rr 7~ r ~- HADDON HALL. ,
931 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APASTMJMITS WAaiiiP.
WAITTED — A 4-room apartment: modern, with
all conveniences: furnished; in a new build-
ing If possible; state price. Box 219. Call.
THREE or four room furnished apartment
wanted. Particulars to box 170. Call office.
■ ■ ' ■ ' K ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG New Zealaader. exceDtiona! refer-
ences,- seeks : room, with or without board:
state terms. Box 171, Call office. -
BOOMS TOLET~-Fani. and ra£»yTtu
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEI*
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEli.
113 AND 117 EDDY ST.
113 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATB HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 33 SU1T3
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERT ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 60 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONH
SOUTH 1041. _ m
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
S20 Mason «t.. bet. Geary and OfFarran.
Rooms with or without private batb.
New addition Just comoleted: entire. nous«
newly renovated: sun In rooms all day.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny: prices from $1 5O per
week «p; this is the only up-to-data house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK Hods*. 145 Sixta St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light houseke«ptng rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.— Rooms. 23c. 5oc. $1. $1 5O nlgat;
$1 SO to $10 week: house open all night.
BEAVER. 4. near Nc*. bet. Fifteenth and
Sixteenth — Elegant front bay-window; gen-
tleman; **s; bath: reasonable.
BUCHANAN. 1510— Sunny furnished suits; al-
so single and housekeeping rooms.
BURNETT. 142S Market <old~No. 1364>— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA avi.. 3S7. Bernal Heights—
Furnished front room to let.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
FILLMORE. 1021— Nicely furnished room*
single and double; rent reasonable.
FORTT-NINTB are.. 154S. Ocean boulevard—
Furnished rooms to let.
FREDERICK. 657 — Well furnished rooms; ai«>
housekeeping; good park view and accom-
modation.
FULTON. 31 — Large sunny frcnt room for mas
and wife or 2 gentlemen.
GEARY. Ill— Nicely furnished rooms; rent
reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms S5o
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $6 wk; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7S4HTnear Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath; hcmellke; $1
week up.
JESSIE. S03, corner Fourth— Nicely furnished
room.
JESSIE. 353— Nicely furnished front room: $7.
JESSIE. 3tS. east U. S. Mint— Furnished rooms,
$6; S beds, $3.
JONES, 319 — Furnished room, suitable for 1
or 2; rent $11; private house.
JONES. C16— Sunny front parlor and slngla
room for gentlemen.
JONES, U19. near Bush — A very desirabla
room: all conveniences.
~ LAMBOURNE. '
Elegantly furnished rooms: rates reasonable;
a visit will please you. 420 Eddy st.
MCALLISTER. 10C5A — Nice furnjsiied front
room: bath, cas: rent reasonable*
MINNA. 447>i — Newly furnished room tog
Ktntlernan; very quiet; $2.
MISSION. «37A— Furnished rooms by tae day.
WNk or month; prices reasonable.
THE PIERRE.
O'FARRELI* 519 — New modern sunny rooms;
single or en suite- reasonable; central.
O'FARRELL. €23— Large, sunny furnished
room; grate, running water; also single
room; $7.
O'FA'RRELL. 14i» — Bright, unfurnished room
for young lady occupied during day.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlsg-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
icr; rooms per night. 23c to $1 30; waek. *-
to $s; month. $3 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bathj.
SOLTH PARK. 131— Sunny room t» let for
single gentleman.
STEINER, 1SC0A — Unfurnished front and back
parlor in private family; price reasonable.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A «uney
furnished single room: rent $7.
SUTTEB, 0C7 — Crystal House^ — Elegant rocrsa;
board if wanted: reasonable; respectable.
SUTTER. t»67 (Crystal House) — Elegant house-
keeping and furn. rccras; board if wantc-i.
TAYLOR. 911— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room; fcldlnjc bed: gas range: $7 50.
TURK. 10— Scnny front room, furnished.
TURK. 121*— Nicely furnished sunny room.
$2 week.
UNITED STATES. l^Tiddy. near Market— 4>£
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $8 week: elec-
tric lights tno gas), running water in ev«ry
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus;baggaar^.
VALENCIA. 1S7 — 3 elegantly furnished rooms;
bath, gas; front and rear entrances; $22 50.
VAN NESS ave., 7. near Market «t- — Fine,
sunny alcove room, unfurnished; gas. water.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WALLER. CS« — 3 upper, sunny, unfurnished cr
partly furnished rooms; bath: adults.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Ho^se, 202 Sixth — Electric light ia
every rocm; 15c to SI a night: 75c to $T» a
week: open aU night; convenient to all cars.
YOUNG married couple want ta r»nt nicety
furnished front and back parlor. 50* Oak st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptlcns has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the rec«p-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market ut.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and- best in America — Th* Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
ROOMS AXDBOARTx
T^^^^T^HOTwL, HATTON
977 Pine. nr. Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
BOARD (home cooking) and newly furnished
room with modern conveniences, either *lng!»
or double; terms reasonable. Address box
237. Call office.
BOARD and rocm. near Golden Gate Park:
sets a fine table; home cocking; only tw->
other boarders in house; terms reasonable.
Cox 177, Call office.
SIXTH ave.. "CO. near Chutes — Sunny furnished
rooms on Golden Gate Park, suitable fur oui
or two; $2-$3 a wetk; $5-$3 with board.
BOARD and rooms at $1 50 per week; home
cocking. 323 First at.
HARRISON. 570 (Rincon HiK) — Board " and
roc a. <4 per week. _^__
ROOM and board, modem conveniences, for »
gent.; private family. 1221 Golden Gate av-.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
CFARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: home
cooking; German family: $d per week.
P08 'ELL. 502. cor. Butter — Large suany corner
room for 2; terms reasonable: also single rm.
WANTED — Two seatletnen to room and board.
1042 Shotwell st.
HOO.Ua AXD BOARD WASTED.
BROTHER and sister wou'.d like board and
nulte or rooms in boardtn<-nouse or private
f Sicily; net too far out: terms must be
reasonable. Address, with full particulars.
box 228. Call.
A GENTLEMAN and wife desire a suite of 3
connecting rooms, with board, where per-
manency can be assured; suburban loca-
tion preferred; references exchanged. Box
115. Call.
A LADY employed In millinery store down-
tewn would like rocm and board 'within
walkinic distance: price not more than $27 5c.
, Box 108. Call office.
WANTED— Beard and plearant sunny room
with heat, for man and wife, by Feb. 13;
within ten blocks of Chronicle; references.
Box 121. Call.
WANTED — A nicely furnished up-to-dat# «ult«
et rooms: all conveniences; with board for
man and wife; state pr'.cs. Box 225. Call.
A GENTLEMAN wants room and board (2
m>a!>>. prie«? not over $33: close in. Bex
217. Call offlce.
BOARD and room wanted for a gentleman.
$:»> per month. Box lOrt, Call office.
For Additional Classified Adrertise-
' mrnts See Pajc Forty-Four.
4344
CHURCH SEttyiS 13 ?^— ——
UNITARIAN Church (Second), cor. Twentieth
«ml Capj> Fts <talic MlSSjoa or Valencia s_
car)— Toe Rev Jay William Hu.lson. mm-
i.-vr; ra_deacfL' WO carp st. Th.- Btmday-
**hool meets at 'JAT> o'clock; Mr. " • >;
X!axv.cll tnpcriiiter.d<:iit. At the — ornlr.-
wn-ice, at 11 o'clock, the Xlev. Jay VUl.iam
Hudson wOJ prr-c-; subject. _Wa_ Stajtt-
l*>sre Without Religion? " At the evening
service 7:15 o'clock, the Rev. George W.
Stone, field secretary or th* American In •
tari-a Association, will ep^k on 'The Pcri.s
of i:xce?iive Organization."
f \"1T \RJ *N Church (First). SW. ccr. Geary
'and Franklin, tt*.— *lev. Bradford Loavltt.
minister, licv. Bradford Lcavitt and Rev.
i-te-tos-ier'Il-ess, or Sunday echocl.
Junior i-hurch _!id Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. Sunday tervi.e is at 11 o clock.
Mr. Leavitt v.iil preach; tuliject. "Faltering
followers " i:n*i<* by quartet, under direc-
tion of H BrethcricU. organiFt. All are
cordially invited. There is no evening sen-ice.
CALVARY" Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
sen anj Fillmore sts.— Kcv. John Hempnin,
j. IX. pastor. UorsiBC yrvicc al 11
■/dock: Ktv. Edgar P. Kill. D. O-. ot
i"<,rt!at.'<!. Oregon, will rrcach. At o p. m.
th-? chuich ia to be tiodicated. Dr. Hemp-
Mil -ill preach the dedication sermon.
|>epresenla-V« B-Blften Bill be present to
•^'.i- iart and the choir will be assisted by
iho choir cf th* ViTst Pre-byterfza Church.
Ail Bt* mviud. Come early to secure seats.
. Sabbath ' *chool -t »:3t> a. » ... orchestral
riLii-ic l'raycr me^tins Wednesday evening
at !» o'clock. Sacrament of the Lord's sup-
per will be administered at the close of the
iiicnilr.g eervice.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave. (
nr.d Sacramento st— Rev. William Kirk
Out—Tie, raster. Sen-ices at 11 a. m. and
T ;?.o p. m . The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath school. 12 :30 p. m. ; Chris-
tian Endeavor, :.:15 p. m. and C:15 p. m.;
U'edt-Sday, S p. m., rireparatory service;
Triday p. m.. monthly meeting of the
Men's* Cub: fubject, "Japati and Russia."
All ere ccrdia!!}' invited. *
VTESTX-XSTEH Presbyterian Church, corner
U'efctter r.nd I'aire xts.— Hayes. Haight and
Fillmore s-treot cars handy. Services at 11:4j
a. ni. Bcrmcn by Rev. John Murray, a
Scotch minister from Australia. Subject,
••<>ur Heavenly Home, Its Certainty, Local-
ity latent as ; .d Variety," and In the even-
ing at 7:4.">: subject, "Redemption." Sunday
t-choo! Et 9:45 a. m. ; Christian Endeavor at
ti:45 p. m. Prayer meeting every Wednes-
day evening. All invited and welcome.
PLYMOUTH Congrppatlcnal Church. Post St.,
.n'-ar Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D.,
•.astor Morning worship at 11. followed by
celebration of the Lords Supper. Evening
worship at 7:45. In the morning the jiastor's
theme will be "The Right Side of the Ship.
- In iiie c-ver.ing, "A Lawyer's Question.
ftraday scfaoot at !>:■«"» a. m. C. E. meeting at ,
6:45 p. m. . j
THIRD Ccr.?rt>satlcr.al Church, Fifteenth st..
near M_=t-ijn— Bev. William Rader, pastor,
wiil preach at both services. 11 a. m., "Wlt-
nesiing for the Truth"; sacrament of the :
Lord's srurper and reception of members. ]
T:3l» p. ni.. prelude, "Th<? Labor Question !
in San l-"rancisco" ; sermon, "Tyndall and
the Bible." Music by chorus choir. Free
Beats. Regular people's service.
°F1RST Congregational Church, corner Post
• ■ and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams,
I>. D.. paster. Rev. J. W. Buckham of
TStrkeley will preach at both services. At
11 a. m.. topic. "Seeing Life Steadily and
Sctins It Whole." At 7:45 p. m.. topic.
•The Manairenwnt cf Moods." All are cor-
dial lyinvited. |
E1MPSOX Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, comer Hayes and Buchanan fits. —
Rev. Jchn Stephens, r&stor. Rev. L. H.
Haker. evangelist, will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 12:30 p. — .;
' :. B. Perkins, superintendent. Epworth
League at 6:3t> p. m. ; Dr. R. O. Moody,
president. Evangelistic services every <2ay
t'.;is week, excert Saturday, Et 2:30 p. m.
and 7:45 p. m. A cordial welcome for alL
FIRST Methodist Church. Powell and Wash-
ington ets. — Edwin F. Brown, the pastor, will
>.r*-ach at both services. Morning subject, i
'•The Salt of the Earth": evening. "Faith
!>ut to the Test." A special invitation is
rxt^nded to all strangers in the city. Good
music a feature. All seats free.
TKINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. —
Holy communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school, '
:»:3<J a. m. Morning service and holy com-
munion, 11 a. m .. Special musical service
_t S p. m.. All are cordially invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy St., near Jones-
Rev. Thomas Baldwin, D. D. At 11 a. m.,
(trmen topic. "Faith Healing": 12:30 p. m.,
Bible School; ti:3ii p. m.. Young People's
meeting ; 7:30 p. m.. sermon, topic. "Thus It
Becometh Us." Prayer meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45: topic, "Second Coming of
Christ." AH seats free. ;
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 2C:; Suiter et.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject o£> ie*s<in- sermon, "Soul." Sunday
school for children at the same hour; Wed-
nesday oveninar met-ting at 8 o'clock; free
roadiiig room. 206 Kearny St., rooms 509-510;
all art welcome.
A GREAT mars meeting for men only will be
h<-! .! at the Young Mer.'s Christian Aisocia-
tii.n Auditorium, Mason and Kills sts., this
Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Frank S.
Ford will Fpcak on "Heaven's Remedy for
the World's L'nrest." The Robson orchestra
will furnish inui-Ic and all seats in the hall ,
will be free to young men.
GOLIjEN GATE Lodge, Theosophical Society, |
renviveu to Odd Fellows' building, corner i
Market and Seventh ets.; free public lectures
Every __s day evening, 8 o'clock; subject to-
night, "Man in the Secret Doctrine," by Mr.
\\\ L. liuet-y; readiriR-room and library open
dally. 2 to 4 p. m.
THE Theosophical Society — Col. H. 8. Olcott,
i'resider.t-lc.uader. Headquarters. Academy of ,
Sciences buiH.r.g. Public lecture at 8 p. m.,
by Frederick M. Wills; subject, "The Great
Adepts." Lotus Group. 11:30 a. m. Study
<-'l;i£s. Thursday.' 2:i!0 p. m.
THADDEUS 6. FRITZ— 7 lectures on "Ex-
press-ion in Literature, Science and Art" at
Hermetic Brt nherhood. fiVJ Van Nets ave.,
begin to-morrow night; coarse, $1.
SPECIAL g-iocl meeting at the hall. 17 City
Hal! Square, near Market St.. Sunday even-
ing at 7:45. H. A. IRONSIDE, evangelist;
all ~e!mme; *>eats fret'.
BCXlDZnST Mission. S07 Polk St.; every Sun-
day. 11 a. Hi.; service and sermon; te— day
Rev. K. Hort will speak on "The Light of
f.uddha."
SUXDAY LECTCRE9.
VTt. JOHN A. KERGAX'S free lecture this
<»venins. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 'JCU
Market st. Subject, "The Art of Medicine, '
lollowed by views of a tour of Ireland and
Scctland; free tickets will be distributed lot
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
* fVfning; remember the question box; gpeciai
music.
"KO'iV" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown, pub-
ject, "Living by the Truth." The speaker
will thc>w the importance of concentration
in dally life, explaining the importance of
living your highest ideal, here and now;
it mill be a mental tonic; 8 p. m.; free with
collection. Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' bldg.
O. N. ORIjOW'S lectures resume this evening.
In Gclden Gate Hall <upper). K28 Sutter et.
At S o'clock. The subject to be presented.
"The Psychology of Herbert Spencer's
Mind." Piano and vecal solos. Admission free
MRS. ELIZABETH DEMESS from the Loa
Angeles School of Metaphysics will hold an
oijrn-Q'J^tion meeting every Sunday evening
in the East Parlor. Golden Gate Hall, at 8
o'clock sharp. All interested are invited.
JjR. J. L. YORK— Odd Fellows bide, to-nleht.
8 o'clock. Subject. "Free Thought and Free
Thinkers." Admission 10c Feb. 14, Arthur
Morrow Lewis, humorous recitals.
riASS meeting— Alhambra Theater to-night,
7;3« o'clock; protest p gainst military des-
jKitism in Colorado; admission free.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd Fel-
l««f' building. 7th and Market; Mrs. R. S.
Lillle, speaker; admission free.
_MEETIXCS~-6UyDAY.
.i. i "■■""■" " ' ' '-■"■-" ■ '- -
ATTENTION — Prof. Fred P. Evans, the world
fanwd psychic, knewn as the independent
-;it»r tLn6 clairvoyant: indorsed by the lead-
ing pplritual and pvyebic societies, as well as
Jt-urr ib Is of the world; consulted on all im-
lxirtant matters, spiritual or material; B?nd
stamp for circular on mediumship. Office
1112 Eddy ft., near Octavia.
SWAMI TRIGL'NATITA will deliver his sixth
If-cture on "Science of Breathing, or H_tha
Yoga." to-night. 8 o'clock; admission 25c.
40 fiteiner ft., Vedanta. Society.
ALL skeptic* invited to witness Mme. Young's
cenulae spirit messages to-night. 10c; Mrs.
Seal'* lecture: n-adingn daily. 019 McAUistfr.
MRS. SEELEY'S tests; lecture* by Dr. Hahn
Brooks. -The Stone tfc» Builders Rejected" -
8 r>- m.: loc: healing. Odd Fellows' bldg.
W. G. KEEGAN holds left seances every night
except Sat., 10c; Fit., 10 to 5. 148 Sixth st.
Mr>. Stoddard's peances, 10c; all rejoice; their
•dead rr-turn; Bit. daily. Sun.. Tues. 279 9th.
MRS. HARLAND'S circles, evgs. except Mon.;
tu-night. 10c. US Sixth; readings, SOc, (I.
MRS. CONNOLL. 148 6th Bt.: holds circle; 10c;
<*vrry night: convlnclg tests all; rdgs. dally.
Friendship Hall, 235 McAllister— Tests to all,
Vtc; readings dally. Mrs. Meyer and others.
ilRK. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting
to-night, 10c. _2r»O _2d st. ;. readings dally.
KATIE HEITRSM ANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c; fit. daily, met Harrison; tel. Mint 997.
SKER. Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads daily;
cir. Wed., Fri.. Bus., S p. m. 10c. 540 Ellis.
TEPTP— *09 Market, 2-8; Mr. Wilson. Mi_
W-ttman. Dr. Cowan, Father Smith; 10c
MEETING JiOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144. F. and A. O
M. — Officers and members are re- *}r_^
quested to assemble at the Masonic /VN
j Trmple to attend the funeral of WIL-
i LIAM F. HANLEY, late a memboj: of For-
<8t Lodge No. 06. F. and A. M., MONDAY,
Fc-bruarv S, at 9:30 a. m. : service at family
residence, 1111 Vcn Nc«= ave.; Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric cars.
I A. 8. HV BOARD. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, I. .__!__#_,
<\ O. F.— Members, assemble at-it£_sgra__
our Indperoom on PUNDAY"=s*«5365j?
j MORNING, February 7. at 9
o'clock eharj>, to attend the funeral of our
late brother. E. FRANK.
F. LUTLEY. N. G.
OFFICERS and members of Loyal .-SJi;^,
Rtbekah Lodge, I. O. O. 1\— You :K^_3«H5L
arc hereby requested to ass<-m!>l'» t^?$?2£_5^F3
in Prospect Hall. Odd Fellows' J^SfKT^"'
building, at 12:30 p. m. TO-DAY to attend
the funeral of our late brother. JOHN Mc-
QUEEN.
MAUDE E. BARNEY. Noble Grand.
MYRTLE CARBERRY. Rec. Sec.
TRIPLE initiation MONDAY, < £JBS&4>
February 8. Fidelity Lodge. .1. O. _fi2P__3ff3_
O. F. M. F. McPHEE. N. G. :^_§S^P
II. A. BAILEY. Rec. Sec. ________
UNITY Lodge No. 31. I. O. O. F.— _ i _5_r«« fe .
Initiation TUESDAY. Feb. 9. --^2»_-8Kk
Ai! rr.^nil.crs are requested to at-
tend. Visitors cordially invited. "SffSiHw'
W. R. LINDSAY. N. G.
H. J. E. VAUPEL, Recording Secretary.
OFFICIAL call for the St. Patrick's %*s#j?fr
Day Convention. l!>04 — An adjourned \VXJJ[
meeting of the St. Patrick's Day 5j_vSn
Convention of 1903 —-ill be held on CC_C«?
SUNDAY. February 14, 1904. at ■ 2 #"^£*
o'clock p. m., in Knights of the Red Branch
Hall, 1133 Mission St., San Francisco. All Irish
civic and military organizations of this city
and county are respectfully Invited to send
five delegates each for the purpose of organ-
izing a convention for the celebration of St.
1 Patrick's day, March 17. 1904.
JEREMIAH DEASY,
President Convention 1903.
M. J. COSTELLO. Secretary.
I MEMBERS of San Francisco Scottish v »i_
i Thistle Club are requested to at-^t*J/7
tend funeral of our late clansman >_\X*>
JOHN M. MeQUEEN. from I. O. ''a.y*
I O. F. Hall SUNDAY. Feb. 7, at 1 p. m. In-
terment at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Royal Chief,
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City and Cbunty
i of San Francisco State of California on
1 MONDAY, the 8th day of February. 1904. at
tlm hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for th» purpose
cf electing directors for the ensuing year
j and the transaction of such other business as
rr.a' come before raid meeting. Dated at
Ean Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1904, 8.
D FREEHMAN. Secretary.
] ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
:• gation Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal., on THURSDAY, the 11th day of Febru-
ary, 1904, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Automatic Washers eell themselves;
one agents writes: "Exhibited sample to 10
women; took 10 orders." Required 45 min-
utes, profit over $50; guaranteed to do wash-
Ing in 30 minutes; furnishes own power; re-
quires no labor nor attention; costs less than
any other machine; free sample, exclusive
territory furnished; $50 week guaranteed;
thousands of testimonials. Automatic Wash-
er Co., Station U, Chicago.
AGENTS and representative* for city and
country; good address; for large financial In-
stitution to write applications for our mer-
cantile contracts, loan and Insurance; men
can easily earn $300 to $400 per month. Call
or apply. Treasurer, 397 Bush St.. room 800.
WANTED— Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want it; one agent made
J100 In ten days in October: only reliable, in-
dustrious agents need apply: new article;
ready seller; big commls-lons. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO., Omaha. Nebr.. 1503.
! WANTED — Agents and representatives of good
address for a 'arge financial institution;
building and loan and insurance men can
easily make from $200 to $300 per month.
Call or write Secretary, room 200, 713 Mar-
i ket Bt.. Saa Francisco. ;'■
WANTED — 10 men each State to travel, tack
signs, distribute circulars and samples: sal-
ary $C0 month; $3 per day expenses. KUHL-
MAX CO.. Dept. F 4. Atlas block, Chicago.
AGENTS wanted— State and county; you must
order $300 to $1000 stock of goods; auto, and
btk» line; exclusive territory: fortune maker.
BUCKLAND & SON. San Francleco.
LADY agents wanted to take orders for our
high-grade silk waists; pleasant and profit-
able employment. Call bet. 2:30 and 5 p.
m.. W. STY AN & CO.. 810 Taylor st.
I AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
NATURAL diamonds are irresistible; remark-
j able, absolutely new proposition; drop every -
i thing; write to-day. CHAPMAN-TOWER ■
COMPANY. Onelda, N. Y. ;
j WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound: year's ;
contract. IMPERIAL MFG. CO., Dept. 54, i
Parsons, Kansas. j
: MEN and women for city and country agents;
! weekly salary, expenses or commission; steady
( employment. 1228 McAllister St., 9-11 a. m.
MEN and women for city and country agents;
weekly salary, expenses or commission; steady
employment. 1228 McAllister st-. after 3 p.m.
AGENTS make $50 per week selling Allen i
fountain brush: write for outfit and terms. '
I ALLEN MFG. CO.. Toledo, Ohio.
Headquarters for best selling goods for agents.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co.. 1220 Treat av.S.F.
IN every county in California; good seller;
; good pay. Room 3. Golden West Hotel.
A»VXBTISEM_!_rT -vTBrXlirCr^
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $40 scholarships in the best
College cf Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per c»nt discount for
cash; the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Astor. famous New York astrologer:
advice, lessons, nativities. Book store, 1203
Market st.
ATTORNEYf-AT-LAW.
' W. H BITTNErI "
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for injuries to
person or eetate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Bee tee and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & S, 1st fl.
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed. ■
n. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 306L
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases: divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st., r. 31.
ADVICE FREE. — •— -— —
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85. 916 Market st.; tel. John 6228.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market et.. r. 301.
L. 8. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
BASEMEUT TO LET. _^
TO let — Basement at 21 7 >■& Mason St.; suitable
for billiard room.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — A child to board; 3 years or over;
reasonable; good home; no children. Call or
address 5009 Vallejo st., Emeryville, Golden
Gate station.
A NURSE would care for baby from birth;
private home in confinement if desired. Ad-
dress box 231. CaU office.
REFINED American family In Berkeley will
take a child to board; near school. Address
box 918. Call office. ■
CUBES BUPTURE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market at
Send for circular. Why will yon suffer/
NAPA. May 10. 1903.
MR. A. HUNTER, Dear Sir:
We are much pleased to inform you that
your holder cured our baby's Bcrotal rupture.
The baby was 0 weeks old when you fUted th«
holder. Our doctor says the parts wefe healed
in thirty days. We are Indeed very grateful to
yours truly,
GEORGE GREEN AND WIFE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
BUSINESS CHAMCES.^^
A — $750; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California sts.; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
ngs and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny 8t.
A — $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; curd and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. Sec R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny et.
A— $5000; GRILL room and cafe; the 'leading
| establishment In Oakland; close to theaters;
rent !?7o and a f. .xt-class paying business;
other Investment* -nly cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE, _0te Kearny St.
A— $1200: PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and restaurant, few doors from Market St.;
a well-faying business clearing about $300
per month, only reason for ownfr to take a
partner are the long hours for him; he needs
a good assistant. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>V_
Kearny st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4V6 barrels
per day; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call-
R. G. WILKE. 2U% Kearny st.
A — $3500 — The leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R;
G. WILKE. 2t>Va Kearny st.
A— $500 — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms: daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See. R. G.
WILKE. 20 'A Kearny st. |
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st. Market and Stockton:
place speaks for itself; all particulars. ,R. O.
WILKE. 20 % Kearny st. '■
A— $5500; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; 7 years' lease: establ. 30 years; clears
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st. ,
A— $3260: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; patronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on sick bed, otherwise $700o
would not buy the business; lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKE, 26V, ICearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife easily can
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with 30 rooms, 45 beds; bar,
dining and reading rooms; lease for 3 years:
located 15 miles from this city; place clears
$300 Per month. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Ice cream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops - $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000 ;
Fruit and vegetable stores $:;00 to $1000 |
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicateseen stores $250 to $45C0
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Wei! located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candies; established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $1CO per day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR Bale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; rent
$40; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will stand
strictest Investigation; price $8000. CAM-
' ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1846.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A — $100; CIGAR stand, transfer corner; good
stock and fixtures; rent $8. Only with
BROOKBANK.
A — JS50; CIGAR etand; Market St.. near- Call
bldg; dally receipts $25; lease. Brookbank.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
candles, cigars, tobaccos; receipts $12 dally;
6 furn. living rms.; rent $20. BROOKBANK.
A — $350; PARTNER In well established office
business; no experience required; this is a
fine chance for party who is satisfied with
$100 month; investigate. See BROOKBANK.
A — BRANCH bakery, candies, notions, etc:: 3
furn. living rme.; make offer. BROOKBANK.
A — $32fi; CIGAR stand: near Market; best lo-
cation; large stock; laundry pays rent. See
BROOKBANK.
A— $700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnished; Al lo-
cation; rent $40; part cash, balance time.
See BROOKBANK, 917 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures Interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market at.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling' scheme, but a reoutable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
$67,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,on<> to enlarge plant; call or
v.rit? for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., S27 Market st.
UNION Business Exchange, 993 Market Bt.
$2000 buys grocery and bar; residence district.
$1500 buys grocery and bar; 16 fur. rooms.
$S50 buys saloon; rent $40; north.
$550 buys cigar stand; rent $25; north.
A business opportunity seldom offered In n
14-room lodging-house north of Market: only
$200 required: central location. Call and nee
our other bargains. UNION BUSINESS
EXCHANGE. 993 Market st.
$750 — GOOD cor. saloon; well located: Oak-
land: also $3000 — First-class cor. saloon; old
established; Oakland; also $U500 — Cor. sa-
loon; pays $300 to $500 clear money month-
ly; best In city; also best paying madhouse,
7 rooms, with saloon and restaurant, for
• $1750: adjoins Oakland. Address or call on
ALDEN. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
DIVIDEND paying securities for small inves-
tors; short or long term; no risk; safety
guaranteed; inquiries by mail promptly an-
swered.
THE INVESTOR'S AGENCY,
708 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
SHOE shop, up to date, in best location at
■ Berkeley station; good trade; nice stock that
will Invoice about $4000; call at once and
see. D. L. JUNGCK, 2117 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley, Cal.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining or Industrial, wanted; have every
facility for selling same on commission; give
particulars. P. O. box 1463, New York City.
$200— PROVISION and dairy produce store-
south Market; nr. City Hall; running order;
living rooms, gas. water, yard; good stand-
rent $12. Box 858, Call office.
HAY, grain, wood, and coal yard; established
30 years; doing large business; owner retir-
ing. Box 222, Call office.
FOR sale— $10,000; restaurant in prominent lo-
cation on Market st.. with lease. Address
Restaurant, box 241. Call.
WANTED — A young man with $1000 to en-
gage in a legitimate business in St Louis*
fullest investigation. Box 242, Call.
WANTEXV— No. 1 country blacksmith: must
have $1000; good opening. Address box 15
Gait, Cal. '
PARTY with $500 to attend to correspondence
and ship goods, etc. Room 3, Golden West
Hotel.
GOOD chance for party with capital and ser-
vlces; estab. legit business. Box 221, Call.
CHOP house and coffee saloon: a money mak-
»cr; must sell. 318% Third st.
ST .?y^r an<1 P lumbl ns business; good chance.
442 Van Ness ave.
$300— PARTNER wanted, with services, in re-
spectable office business; ref. Box 144, Call.
w^S^uTS«rs?:. caii ddre8S -
A Box^6 DN Cairo7fl a C e r *"" "^
FOR sale— Large newspaper route in San
Francisco paying $135. Room 10. 235 Kearny.
$500— A HARDWARE and stove business if
sold at once: good location. Box 2016, Call.
A RESTAURANT and delicatessen store ch»ap
if sold at once. Box 2011. Call office. *
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races:
lor proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper.
j rooms 1. 2 and 3, 113 Stockton St., S. F.
F ? R . S « ALE T Fee<1 and Pot-to business In the
thriving city of Napa; on main street-
owner must go East at once. Address P. O
box 204. Napa. ■'■'-', *
WANTED— By a man with experience to go
in with a hustling real estate firm. Address
box 951, Call..
PAYING candy and icecream parlor
bakery at Lorin station. South Berkeley.
MRS. ALTBAYER.
I „ BUSINESS CHANCES— yontianea,
I . .— - : . ... - - — ~- — - — " "
i s ■■ ■■.-. ' ' "•■■'■ ■■ ■ ■ ' - •■ ■ -■
YOU CAN DOUBLE $10,000 IN 60 DAYS. : :
An Eastern bookmaker, experienced In all
detatls of the business, but with too small a
capital to operate successfully on the race
track, desires to meet a gentleman „ with
above amount of cash- can take an active
part as cashier or remain silent in the
business and a statement will be rendered
after each day's business. February and
March being the best season for bookmaklng
on the San Francisco race track, I can as-
sure an Investor that from $20,000 to $50,000
can be cleared In .the next GO days. Only
those who mean business and have the ready
cash need answer, as do not wish to waste
time » only with those meaning business:
highest reference as to responsibility and
integrity furnished. Box 32S4, Call office.
■• - ' ■ ' i
GROCERY and bar in good business locality;
. fine trade; horse and wagon; good route;
keeps two clerks; stock new and clean: no
old unsalable' goods on hand; will sell at in-
voice; only those that mean business address
box 235. Call office.
GOOD paying candy, store on Folsom at. for
sale; doing a good business; 3 living rooms
and store; rent $12; selling on account of
sickness; price $175. Call at 1029 Market
st.; bet. 12 and- 3 o'clock.
WAR in the' Orient is a certainty; I want a
man with energy and a few thousand dol-
lars; opportunity of a lifetime to amass a
fortune In a few weeks. Address Box 2015,
Call office. ■
FREE to speculators — New book; euggestions
to speculators, describing option trading, con-
taining valuable information regarding wheat.
OSBORN GRAIN CO.. Minneapolis. Minn.
FOR sale for $450; % Interest in light, pleasant
manufacturing business; staple articles; no
experience necessary; too much business for
one man to handle. Box 173, Call.
WANTED — A man of nerve with $5000 who
will go to Korea; guarantee independent for-
tune; investigation invited. Address box
2001, Call office. ' ." m ' ' '
WANTED — Grocery, either with or without
bar; bar preferred; stock must be In good
condition. Address, with particulars, box
21C. CaU office. .
AN opportunity for lady or gentleman of
ability; $500 for half Interest In theatrical
enterprise: hold your own. money. ' Box 1C2,
Call office.
A CANDY store and factory for B -l e on ac - '
j count of leaving city; have a splendid trade,
; soda fountain, etc. Box 178, Call.
I WILL buy a delicatessen store reasonable:
in a good location for trade; state price.
Box 194. Call office^ __^________
SALOON for sale^ — Bargain if sold immediate-
ly; cheap rent; lease. 708 Delaware St., West
Berkeley.
RARE chance; bakery for sale. See owner,
1C07 Guerrero st.
A 3-CHAIR barber shop for oale cheap. Box
238,' Call office.
I WANT a good business for cash. Owners,
box 134, Call.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2500, part cash; corner
falcon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business. $2500. or will sell part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and axchange. EITEL St
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
HOUSE and sign painting and paperhanglng
business, with tools of every kind; established
over 30 years; rent of shop $5 per month;
see the owner at 1219 Market st. C. J.
BARROX.
AN elderly gentleman (German) with a few
hundred dollars to invest; would like light
work. Address R. HUBER. 3066 25th st.
SHOPROOM. 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderlck St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
$1SCO — FOR sale, fully equipped bakery, deli-
catessen combined; dally receipts $28; 'Choice
location: low rent. 715 McAllister *U
WANTED— An established restaurant .In a
small city; give particulars: Box 852. Call.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526, Call office.
$1050; Investigate; well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar; -must be sold. 1600 Deviaadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertise merits and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until It p. m.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3G07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
Bargain in a 17-room lodging-house: north
of Market; near center of center; all fine,
large outside sunny rooms; rent $50; Income
$154; full; respectable; price reduced to $1050.
40- room house. 4 blocks of Market: must be
sold on account of eevere sickness; building
and furniture brand new 1 year ago; price
$2800.
60 rooms; furnished most beautifully 2 years
ago; well known throughout the State; elevator;
clears 1800 month; 4-year lease; exact book
accounts are kept.
81 rooms; furnished with the most elegant
furniture and carpets that could be had; extra
heavy velvet carpets; 30 private bathrooms;
corner; clears $650 per month.
20 rooms; near Market; $650; 2-year lease;
rent $40; electric lights; good-looking house.
HANDSOME corner of 100 rooms; private
baths; splendid furnishings; 8-year lease;
modern In every department; price $6500;
clears $100.
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.; house built
one year ago; elegantly furnished in mahog-
any and oak; fine Brussels carpets; income
$111 over r-int; other important business causes
sale.
NEW and MODERN apartments; elegantly
furnished; 8-year lease; 103 rooms; income
$.1097; total expenses $639; profit $458 per mo.
28 rooms; $1250; reduced from $2000: rent
$50: mostly housekeeping; big snap; full of
roomers.
40 rooms; on Sutter st. ; beautifully and ex-
pensively furnished In velvet, mahogany and
golden oak; 5-year lease; everything new and
nice; price and terms so desirable you'll be
surprised.
NEAR Nob Hill: 44 rooms'; $2000; reduced
from $3200; splendid sunny. NE. corner; owrf-
er is out of city. If you have $1000 cash w«
can arrange terms nicely for you. Think it
over. '/.
Read these renta; "prices In proportion:
S3 rooms. $234; 64 rooms. $175; 60 rooms, $100.
44 rooms, $65; 16 rooms. $25; 24 rooms. $55.
28 rooms, $50; 21 rooms. $25; 20 rooms. $40.
18 rooms. $38; 11 rooms, $19; 8 rooms. $20.
EXCHANGE for real estate: 24 rooms; well
furnished; sunny side of street; north of Mar-
ket; price $2000; Income $106 over rent.
APARTMENT house; 38 rooms for the rid-
iculously low price of $1500; % down and % in
monthly installments to suit buyer.
New house; new furniture; 29 rooms; $1500;
rent $60; lease if desired; full of roomers..
READ 1 REFLECT ! ACT !
C E. HINKLEY, PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market st. . Odd. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance monthly payments.
14 rooms; rent f3Qj amazingly low price. $350
.'U rooms; rent $«0; Just think ...S1650
2.1 rooms; rent $35: one flcor.... $1100
15 rooms; Mission and 5th fits; rent $35.. $550
0 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up ......$130
20 rooms; clears $80: rent $40.... $850
40 rooms; mechanics' house: rent: $60. .$1000
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $63: terms. . .$950
:jl rooms; sunny corner: renf $55....... $1600
«0 rooms; 'Market st. ; liquor license.... $3500
'17 roomb; Pine St.: clears $50.. ........ .$700
12 rooma; California st.: rent $50; enap.$75O
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift. .$1500
10 rooms; Geary; clears $40; rent $28...*500
24 rooms; Leaven worth st.: speculation. $1600
10 rooms; Bush et.; rent $37*50; .only. . .$450
.100 rooms; grand sunny corner. ..$7000
18 rooms; «i unfurnished; rent J45.'...'.. .$500
;i.*> rooms; transient; lease-.... $1500
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32: only...... $250
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished. $450
ti.'t rooms; Mu-slon and Sixth St.; lease. $4500
FOR SALE — Lodging-house. 82 rooms; all full;
furniture In good -condition; will sell rea-
sonable, as I . am compelled to leave. Ad-
dress box 872, Call office..
LODGING-HOUSE on Post st.; nicely located;
| (50 rooms; ■ lease; j all I modern I improvements.
■ Address box 840. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.;
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
•.all kinds of . business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms:* rent $95: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
C rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$1800; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms: rent $S5; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; 'good
thing; $1500.
162 rooms'; most elegantly appointed apart- ;
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5- year lease; part cash. !
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
SG-room family hotel; bonton location; flna
lease: clearing $500 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; coiner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; pric* $750.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation,
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $.70; o-k fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $S0
month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room, new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
9-room. new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50: barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
cerpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building,
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $600 per month; every room full: will stand
the strictest investigation; location unsur-
passed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished new In June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; ejegantly furnished; oak
furniture, Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture;. Moquet carpets; good lease: clearing $125
! per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak fur.*;
good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms for
landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
i reasonable.
71 rooms; elegant new, modern building: in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms;, rent $65; California st.; fine loca-
tion; good furniture and carpets; price will be
made right as owner must leave city.
63 rooms; Market st.: rent only $300; flna
1 transient house; very central; liquor ltceni«;
can clear $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
within 10 days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get In, balance time; big snap.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO., -
Phone Black 6901. 777% Market st.
B^nk References
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
GRAND Geary-st. flat; 8 rooms; nicely fur-
nished; $580; easy terms. CALIFORNIA IN-
VESTMENT CO.
14 ROOMS, Van Ness ave.: nice furnishings;
low rent; price $1050. CALIFORNIA IN-
VESTMENT CO.
25 ROOMS. Sutter st.; new and elegant; price
$2500. This is a beauty. See CALIFORNIA
INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market st.
10 ROOMS, north of Market; nicely furnished;
light rooms: price $560. CALIFORNIA IN-
VESTMENT CO.
A — RARE bargain; 45 rooms; good furniture;
5 years' lease; rent only $125; Just think,
only $2800; easy terms. Don't forget this.
See CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market.
SPECIAL — 36 rms: choice location: good furn.;
long lease; rent $85; fine buy for $2200. CAL.
INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market st.
24 ROOMS; good furniture; Market st.; lease;
low rent; clears $100 month: price $1000;
speculation. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT
CO., 777% Market st. .
SPECULATION — 28 rooms; mostly vhousekeep-
ing: very good furniture: rent $75: price $1000.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market St.
11 ROOMS, O'Farrell St.; nice furnishings;
close in; snap, $600. CALIFORNIA IN-
VESTMENT CO.
ATTENTION, buyers: We have the most ex-
clusive list of new flats, rooming houses,
apartment houses and hotels, any number of
- rooms, for sale In this city at right prices.
Always consult the old reliable agents, who
will save you money, before buying.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st. 1026 Market st.
(A FEW SELECTED BARGAINS.)
9 rooms; rent $36: well furnished: good car-
pets; near Van Ness ave.: price $475.
12 rooms; Sutter st.; must sell; see and make
offer; part offices.
15 rooms: near Geary «t.: reduced to $900;
all rooms rented; easy payments.
27 rooms: corner: sunny apartments; rent
$125; reduced to $2250; part cash.
45 rooms: rent $125: new house; all light
j rooms; reduced to $2500.
08 rooms; new and modern up-to-date apart-
ment-house; price $6000.
100 rooms and bar; rent only $2 BO per room;
finest of furniture and carpets: long lease;
clears $650 per month ; price $7000.
WINSTON &' WOLF. 1020 Market at.
$700— A NEWLY furnished flat of ' 10 room"
and bath; full of roomers; rent $55; central;
privilege of buying 7 rooms adjoining. 816B
Larkln st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
5 ROOMS. 2 blocks from Market; rent $25;
Income $40; price $150; sold on account of
sickness; owner lives afc 328 Sixth st.
FOR sale^ — 3S-room house; downtownd business
center; near Post and Stockton sts. Ad-
dress box 247. Call office.
$1600— Fine 21-room house; north of Market
St.; best location: must eell. Box 168. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LEST.
LODGING-house— 003% Washington at.. Oak-
land; nice place; 16 rooms; cheap at $850.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
e- and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
■will - bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by -mail
most satisfactory. $2; readings daily. - $1;
developing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 602
Eddy st.
$l o 00 THAT was stolen from James | Hart-
mouth was discovered by ISMAR, the mar-
velous gypsy seeress. See page 48.-
KATIE HEUSSMANN'8 circle Friday eve.,
25c; elt. daily. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 997.
MRS' ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance 2 p. m. Sunday; 50c. 328 Ellis st.
MRS. CRINDLE, materializing seance; Sunday
-eve., 8 o'clock, 50c. 328 Ellis st. ■
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
; 0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
I MRS. KOTTER— Circle every night, 10c; deveV-
, oping circle Mon. eve.; sit, dally. 43 Sixth.
MRS.' LESTER— Test drcle*to-nlght. 10c; dev.
, ' circle Wed. tve., 25c; read, daily. 34 6th. r. S.
SPIRITUALISM Contlnneii.
C. . V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
nights o'clock; ?1. 1084 Bush st !
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted "clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
'REDUCED Prices One Week More.
CaU at once and save $2.
My regular $3 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
READ CAREFULLY.
AN HONEST PROPOSITION.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
(You to Be Full Judge.)
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart is true or false; tell who
and when you will marry; in fact. I will tell
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; I will tell you how to win
the man or woman you love, even though
miles away; I will straighten out your af-
fairs and show you how to win success in
love, marriage, business, mining speculation,
health, better positions, etc.; no matter what
trouble you may have, I will help you or
charge nothing for my services: "MEDIUM3
DEVELOPED"; learn a profession that will
bring you from J10 to $25 per day.
826 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
THE GREEK LADY. "
CASHMIRE, CASHMIRB,
Wonderful clairvoyant from birth.
High-cast adept.
Trance Clairvoyant and Palmist.
She has given her study and practice ex-
clusively to mystic arts.
Teaches the danger of spiritism, obseeslon,
curses and evil spirits by ancient methods;
how to develop your latent powers and use
the great silent current by which we are sur-
rounded, which gives you power to control
others and cure diseases and draw to your-
self good influences which brings to you suc-
cess; drunkards cured without their knowl-
edge; mediums developed by this method.
Different from all others.
The earth reveals its hidden treasures to
her; she locates. mines, minerals, lost or ab-
sent friends, reunites the separated, causes
speedy marriages, tells your name and who
you will marry; reliable advice on all busi-
ness affairs; do not buy or sell without first
consulting this wonderful medium.
Gives secret power to control any on* Ia
from 3 to 21 days.
Life reading $1 this week.
310 Ellis st., near Taylor.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays .events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mail. Tei. Black 4568.
ARRIVED. " /
MISS M. WILLE. the celebrated crystal
seer, known the world over as the queen of
life readers, arrived after an extended tour of
Europe. If you are In trouble of any kind
she will help you; advice on matters of love
and business; don't be deceived; when others
fall call on the best. She will surely put
you on the right road. MISS M. WILLE,
460 Geary Et. ; hours 10 to 8; phone Green 3U.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
Xull life, $5; send lock of hair, date ot year
of birth; don't send currency; send postotflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
$1200 THAT was stolen from James Hart-
mouth was discovered by ISMAR. the mar-
velous gypsy seeress. See page 43.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,0*0
people in San Francisco since our arrival;
they were satisfied, bo will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary St., near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant. card reader: when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer. life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. <1 thle week only. 460 Geary.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice; sittings dally; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m. : 25c up. 33 McAllister.
A — Mme. Ravenna read- life, business advice;
5 names given; 25c up. o 4tb st.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23^ 6th; la.2_c. g.SOc.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25e;
gents 50c. 951 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladies. 25c; gents. SOc.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, rms!
11-12; gives dates, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.:
names; I. 50c. g. 91. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.aT*
MRsT BAUMANN, the well-known tortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jessie mU. bet. 8th and 6th.
CARPET DKATIXG AXD CLEAN IX G.
FIRST-CLASS carpet cleaning and laying;
reasonable charges: no air cleaning or
broom sweeping; furniture moved, packed,
ehlpped and stored: houses completely fitted
up. GISSLOWS M. & C. C. Co.. 603 Lar-
kin st.; phone East 745.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison at.; Al cleaning; 3c Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH- CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harr Iron rt.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone Eaut 26.
coxjM^TiON^orriCES.
BAD tenant- ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. , PACIFIC ! COLLECTION 1
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. £—46.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY cottage of 5 rooms and bath; gas; large
yard. 1024 Treat ave.
FLORIDA. 716 — 3 large rooms; largo yard;
cellar; rent S12;-bet. 10th and 20th sU.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 604-5-6 Callaghan WdgT^arket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The "Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, ?5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist, r. 14 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, 12 up; fillings. 25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2- no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
najBSS^AJCEJlSrAND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING ~"~~~ "" ~
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Ladies' tailoring, dresscutting, dressmak-
ing and millinery taught. Why not learn to
make your own garments, take positions or
start business? Enter now for spring styles
and positions. 1019 Market St.. above Sixth.
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamp? on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNI\
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 001-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has. been one
of the greatest successes of the West: 18,000
square feet, 35 rooms. 450 students. IS teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration ■ to you.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
INDIVIDUAL lessons in bookkeeping, pen-
raanshlp; expert: evenings 7 to 9. 723 Mar-
ket St., room 26. '
SPANISH.Fre_ch,etc. Prof.DcFUIppe'sAcademy
, >of languases.32OPost;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
E D T C A TI OJfAI— ■ ~_^Ji5iJlS55--~-~—
NIGHT AND DAY SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; Instruction from un * e er< Jj£*
grade to preparation *°r / h = um Jf *£«
day school of interest to all men. &£'"£»
methods a specialty; Pe"™ 3 '
given; thirty Instructors; P rivate _, co f.° n iv;f:
night law 8chool; instructors from Lnlver
k sity of California and Stanford Lniverslty^
industrial classee; men have the advanta.,»
of our extensive engine room: corn^'
plant, boilers, dynamos, engines. P*» m P 8 «
etc.: electrical engineering, assaying, stu-
dents have all other privilege* of the asso-
ciation if desired; International « rt! n c ate3
given to students completing the c° urse ;» a , I l a
passing the examinations; young men. strang-
ers coming to the city, directed to good
homes; association employment agency for
all graduate* of our school; the beneflc 1 **
influence of a great moral Instltutl a n: o«f
work Is Indorsed by all the leading f" in «?
and professional men of the city: our «luca-
tional work accredited by mere t ha. n *" u "'
verslties and colleges In the Lnited States,
mechanical, freehand drawing: naval archi-
tecture, stenography, typewriting and other
specialties: advantages over other schools,
tuition less. Instruction superior; we are not
in business to make money, but to jna*'
men"; especially advantageous to younr
men coming from the interior. Call or writ*
for descriptive catalogue, the Young Men s
Christian Association Institute of P??«' c »l
Education for Men and Boys. H. J. McCOY.
General Secretary. San Francisca Address
all communications to LE ROY BLRNd
SMITH, Educational Director. __
CALIFORNIA Educational Directory Company
issues in March annual address book of jO.OtO
California teachers, trustees, superintendents,
university and normal school instructors; the
educators' blue book; advertising allotment
must be made quickly. Address Educational
Directory Company, 1426B California St.. San
Francisco: phone Polk S9O.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; appl cants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal: exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' TTtII. 414 Mason.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory «chool
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg..
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Buainea*
College. 1236 Market st. __________
SPANISH— Quick method; daily lessons; $1 a
week 4 to 9 p. m. : advanced puptla Satur-
days only. 10 to 12 a. m. R. 43» Parrott bids.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated; method. Italian: engage-
roents secured. Carlos N. Keller. 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs , Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch, typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc. ; day, eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
,i
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art, com-
plete system taught. 139 Post st.. room 3..
BANJO, guitar, mandolin thoroughly taught;
2 hours. 50c. 317 Gougb. St., near Hayea.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
KENT Lav School: always open; conducted
by practical lawyers. 538 Parrott building.
WANTED— Private school for two Iittla gtrls:
terms. Box 156, Call office.
PIANO lessons, 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher, 1013 Mission, nr Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
' GET^wir~hTlp~_t~PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church ; phone Potk 36«5rt.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. ate.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at. TeL Main 575-.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 513S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 64O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
A GERMAN cook (first class), four year- last
place, wants cooking only at $35 a month.
Call at MISS PLUNKETTS Employment
Bureau. 425 Sutter at., near Powell; office
1 opens 8:30 a. m.. closes 5:30 p. m. ,
DRESSMAKER, tailor. Tmitmaker. cutter and
fitter; only first-class work; at home, or
will go out per day in private families. MISS
BAKSS, Sherman House. 28 Sth st:. room 12.
EDUCATED English lady wishes re-engage-
ment as nurse to Invalid; would assist light
house duties or needlework: highly recom-
mended in city. Address box 135. Call.
AN exoerienced nurse wishes engagements,
surgical or confinement; reasonable: refer-
ence; careful: economical. Call or address
MRS. MERRITT, 127 Seventh st.
WANTED — Position as companion to a lady by
a competent, refined woman; no objection t»
traveling: references. Address ROBERTA D.
KENDRICK, Berkeley. Cal.
DRESSMAKER — Experienced, good cutter, fit-
ter and designer, would like a few more en-
gagements at $2 a day and car fare; city
or country. Box 3063, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a Scandinavian girl
to do general housework in a private family.
Call or address for two days at 49 Sacra-
mento at.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by
the day or at home; $2 and lunch. 27 B
Pearl st.. between Valencia. Market aad
Thirteenth. ; * *f,
DRESSMAKER, experienced. wishes a few
mere engagements by the day or at home;
reasonable. 419 Van Ness ave.; nhone How-
ard 43.
A DRESSMAKER will make summer dresses
for rirU from. 10 to 14 years, very reason-
able for a short time. Address box 1&3. Call.
REFINED lady wishes position as companion
to lady or assist otherwise; home more ob-
ject than salary. Box 208. Call office.
A LADY wants to do general housework from
8 to 2 o'clock. $3 50. 1 Winter Place, off
Mason et.. near Union.
A RECOMMENDED young woman, boy S
years old. work country or city. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. S34 Sutter st.
CASHIER and bookkeeper, with 4 years' e_ -
perlence, wishes permanent position; best
references. Box 201, Call.
A LADY wishes to care for children when par-
ents are out shopping; references. Address
243 Tehama •_. or phone Red 48U.
WANTED — By a dressmaker, a few more en-
gagements: alteration a specialty. Address
box 233. CaU office.
A YOUNG woman with references wtches
house-cleaning by day; $1 SO and car fare.
769 McAllister St.; basement.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or assist-
ant. by a young lady; good references. Box
214. Call office.
DRESSMAKING, tailoring or mending. MRS.
FALSEY. 1 Burritt st., off Bush, near Stock-
ton.
A NEAT, reliable woman wishes to do general
housework in a small family: Mission pre-
ferred; call Monday. Apply 476 Linden ave.
A LADY wishes chamberwork by the day.
157% Fifth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 2009 -Sacra-
mento st.
WORKING housekeeaer: position; city or
country- Address MRS. BELL. 834 Page st.
WANTED— Position as chambermaid. 33 Do
Long av«.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to ta*»
care of Infant. Address 100 Tehama st.
WOMAN wants work by the day! 23S Minna
street.
LADY wishes position as managing house-
keeper. Address box 202. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 2031 Geary
street.
WOMAN wants mending to do at home. 63
Clipper st. . .
WANT situation as housekeeper; no washing"
1203Vi Golden Gate ave. . ""
DRESSMAKER wants sewing in families-
75c day. 1203^ Golden Gate ave. lagUUe * t
A LADY would like a position as c-amterT~ X ??5 P . 1^1!^ E J!!Z WA - NTi SD KEMALB. ,
"A WOMAN wishes house and window clean-
isg: best work. MRS. C. 1518A Howard *t.
A .t AnY *-kts warning home; open air dry.
Phone Pasc 1047.
B y yuu-R Udy. to do housework In email fam-
uy. Apply 313 Golden Gate ave.'
WANTED— Position as ladies' nurse by rc-
Ened ;.oung lady. Box 2013. Call.
YOUNG lady, stenographer .nd typewriter.
•■»-io> Detent E nd experitneed, highest refer-
*nccs. uvsJrt-s position in or out of city. Ad-
dresg box sr.'G. Call office.
YOUNG Tic-ian would Hke position as lady's
companion or to care for old lady or child
musical. T»lej;hcr.s Church 1SCS.
WANTKD — Position as working housekeeper
for single gentlemen or elderly couple. Ad-
dr-ts box 1CS6. Call office. S. F.
"'^FIJCED young lady doeires position as sec-
retary or similar. Box »17. Call.
'■'URSES — A trained nurse desires to care for
invalid child. Box 503. Call.
tXPKRJENCED stenographer with references
wishes permanent position. Box 0C1, Call.
A MIDpLK-AGED woman wants place in a
~a_U private family; good plain cook; no
washing, wages ?20 and carfare. 545 Minna
st.; co cards
A COMPETENT German girl wishes a posi-
tion In general housework cr cook. 2VJ0 '
Market st.
REFINED German girl wants position to take ■
care of children. Call or address 578 Twen-
tlcth st.. Oakland. j
GOOD stenographer wants portion: law ex-
pertence; $«o month. Box 955. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German nurn wishes en-
gagements by tbe week. 1S07 Fiilmore st.
Phor.c Pine 4J»6.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cull Branch orflre. cor. Duncan & Church st?.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
or>ened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
INTELLIGENT young man (Swiss). 19. speak-
ing German only, wishes any position In
hotel, lodglnc- house or Drivate family: is
willing and obliging. Call or address. Mon-
day or Tuesday. A. L., 676 Castro St.. near
Twentieth.
A SITUATION wanted by experienced lodg-
ing house clerk, day or night; city or coun-
try; keep book*; middle age; strictly tem-
perate and reliable; Al refer* nee from last
err.plcyer or bond. Box 174. Call.
A MAN cf office experience, age 52. situation
in k ::.(■ fcinall business ; keep books, do office
and other work; temperate and reliable; best
references: will not dteagree on salary. Bcx
16T.. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, young man,--
competent and trustworthy, not only wishes
to secure better position, but one where
there is opportunity for advancement. Box
155. Call.
. STEADY, sober man cf 3S wants work in a
planing mill; understands band saw, rip saw
and planer: city or Oakland. Address or call
evening^ bet. t> and 8. G. S., IS South Park.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper having business
occupying part time desires employr nent for
remainder: experting accounts or putting
books in arrears up to date. Box 143. Call.
•1 MIDDLE-AGED single man wishes position;
thoroughly understands care of horses, rigs
and harness; willing and useful around
place; btst references. Box 137. Call.
JiUTLER or valet; young German, experi-
enced, good reference*. speaks English,
German. French, wants position with family;
city or country. Box 159, Call.
POSITION v.-ented in first-class firm by man
who is vp to date in business experience;
bi*rhe*t references furnished. Address box
102». Call. Oakland.
COMPETENT, middle-aged Dane withes posi-
tion in private place; good horseman, care-
ful driver, good gardener; city or country
references. Bcx 1025, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as barkeeper; city or
country; hotel work perf erred; thoroughly
comij— tent and reliable; beet of references.
Box 175. Call office.
gOBER. reliable man wishes place to <5o light
chords for room and board: understands
housework end hcrse*; can mi'k; city pre-
:»wd. W. H. J.. CIS Lorkin tt.
A MIDI>Li:-AUED mar. wants titu-tinn to do j
~arden work, clean up around place: will- I
Ing and obliging worker. I. Y. CULLEN, ■
K'T7 Kearny st. !
YOUNG man with three years' experience in '
drug store end cne year In ehoe nore wants ;
position of any kind; good references. Box i
122. Call. I
SITUATION wanted in country by steady re- j
liable young couple; no children; man gen-
eral handy mas; wife good plain cook. Box
223. Call : .
POSITION wanted by expert window trimmer,
vard and ad. writer; best of references given;
either in or out of city. Box 172. Call office.
PORTER or bouse— lan. or work of any kind;
first -ciess man: alwo good on horses; willing; ,
city or country- Box 187. Call office. 1
WAXTED— Petition as toolsmith in etoneyerd,
quarry or machine Bhop; expert steel worker;
bt.Lt of references. Box 133, Call.
■ EXPERIENCED man desires place as night
watchman cr janitor; low wages to begin.
Address J. W. HAYXES. 2212 How ard St.
WANTED— By experienced bookkeeper, small !
set of book* to keep in evening; rates very ]
reasonable. Bcx 1S3. Ca!I. j
BRIGHT boy who can furnish the best of ref- !
er*>nces wishes to learn a good trade or work
in a wholesale house. Box 234. Call efflce.
AN industrious. man of good habits wants work
»y salesman, clerk or in office; will leave the ,
city. Address Salesman. J«O4 Van Ness ave.
BARTENDER wants extra work Mondays,
Tuesdays and Wednesdays; day or night
t-Jilft. Box 205, Cail office.
MAX and wife want work en a farm; wife to
«ook for a few men. Call or address MRS.
E. R.. 550 Mission st.
YOUXG man and wife want places In a pri-
vate family; city cr country. Advertiser,
171 B Clara st.
EXPERT revising authors' MSS. and proof t
re-filng offers servicei; stenographer. W., 43
TV. Mission.
WAXTED — Position by a reliable young man
<25) as collector, or driver of delivery wagon.
Box 1SS. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position running elevator;
experienc*^ on electric; can furnish refer-
ences. Box 161, Call.
OESTETRIC nurse desires engagements; terms
reasonable; Oakland and city refprences. Ad-
dress box 1030, Call office. Oakland.
BARTENDER — A first-claew man, with good
references, must have work at once. Box
213. Cail ofnee.
A COMPETENT bookkeeper wishes employ-
ment. Afldrers W. MORRISON, P. O. Ala-
meda.
MALE nurse or masseur; fine references; rea-
sonable terras. 224 Bush; te.1. Bl— ck ?.">.%.',.
GOOD photo printer wants position In first-
class rtudio. 1423 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
EOT wants a position as an efflce boy. Box
018. Ceil office.
MAX harnJy xrith carpenter tools wants steady
-crk. 323 Pore rt.
YOUXG man wants work Saturday evenings in
store. Address box »47. Call office.
SITUATION as a presser. 500 Mission nt.
SITUATION wanted as pantryman. Address
H., 467 Castro st.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. 8.
WOLF. 1547 Ellis st.
YOUNG man desires employment of any kind
during- the evenings. Address box 184, OIL
F1RST-<~LASS barl>er wants position In coun-
try. Box 751. Call. -
PACKER wants situation. Box IM, Call office.
WANTED — Situation. Box 169. Call office.
A HANDY young man would like work of any
kind. Address D. M. I.., 514 Hyde St.
— « VT__?-^ti«.ogr«i<hic position as operator
T>r printer; city or country; will run small
place on shares. Box 023. Call office.
NIGHT or <lsy watchman: city or country;
references from last place; reliable man.
Box felC. C-ll.
WANTED— Pcsltlcn as cashier: good habits.
Jndurtrious. Box C79. Call office.
AD. writer _nd window dresser desire* posi-
tion. Address box 1C7. Cal! office.
YOUNG man wants position as traveling sales-
man. Box 1K9, Call efficc.
A YOUNG man wants position in machine
ehop. Box 0C0. Call office.
SITUATION as domestic dry goods salesman.
Box 132. Ceil office.
MAN wants work by the day. 2034 Geary et.
POSITION wanted by young man In machine
•— *. Hex &60. Call office-
WANTED— MALE.
BOOKKEEPING or other position: good ref-
erences; age 24. Box 2Co. Call office.
A YOUNG man v.lFhes work in a livery sta-
ble; willing and obliging. Box 224, Call.
WANTED — Position as bellboy by young man
of long experience. Box 211, Cail office.
WANTED— Position as stableman; alpo good
driver; plain gardener. Box 204. Call.
CASHHCR, restaurant, or night clerk, lodglng-
nouge. i» open for employment. Box 207. Cail.
A COMPETENT man desires position as
watchman. Address . H. F.. 010 Third st.
TAIIXiR. store bushelman, wants situation.
Box 23tf. Call.
BOY wants work on Saturday. Box 212. Call.
WANTED— Position as porter In wholesale
house. Addrrss 12O>4 Turk st
A RELIABLE man, 27 years of age, wishes
position on good private place In country;
understands care of horses, garden, etc.; can
milk; strictly temperate; moderate wages ex.
pected; last place 3 years; references. Ad-
dress H. ROBINSON. Menlo Park. Cal.
POSITION wanted— Cutter, a first-class. Btrict-
ly up-to-date custom cutter and fitter, practi-
cal tailor; New York experience; one possess-
ing all the Ability to till a good position sat-
isfactorily ; can furnish the best of references.
A. A. SKLANDER, 53 South Clinton ave..
Rochester. N. Y.
POSITION a 8 nurse or attendant upon invalid
gentleman or boy by strictly temperate man;
willing to serve for small wages. Box
OCU, Call office.
A YOUNG man with electrical experience
wants a position with electric house to fin-
ish trade. C. B.. !C- Magnolia St., Oakland.
YOUNG man -peaking German, French, Eng-
lish and Spanish wants position. Box 064,
Call office.
YOUNG man want? position; any kind of of-
fice work; good references. Box 578. Call.
GOOD cooper, sober and steady worker, desires
position. Address 38 West Mission Kt.
IF you are in need of a trustworthy young
man. who understands Inside and outside
work and one who can be relied on as to
honesty, sobriety and highly recommended,
address bcx 950. Call.
WANTED — Employment; superintendent of
construction, surveyor: go anywhere; famil-
iar roads, bridges, dams. ditches, wood,
steel or concrete; references best. Box 830.
Call office.
WANTED — By reliable. Industrious man, posi-
tion as gardener, flowers, vegetables - or
fruits; well recommended; best of references.
Address Box 1027, Call office, Oakland.
PLANING mill man wants position; first-class
sticker, matcher and general machine hand;
does general machine repairs; several years'
experience as foreman. Adress box 869. Call.
SITUATION desired by mlddie-aged man and
wife on ranch or private family; late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship; English. Ad-
drees A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. city.
STRONG young man, living with parents,
wishes to learn the plumbing trade. Box
8C2. Call office.
YOUNG 'Frenchman would like a situation as
cook tn private family; best of references
from Paris. B. O.. 510 Jackson st.
WANTED — A position to work around private
place: handy witb tools; references. Box
S58. Call office.
MARRIED young man, business education, de-
sires employment. Box 3266, Call office.
A JAPANESE young honest boy, polite and
genteel, wishes position at housework in pri-
vate family in the city; speaks English; has
references. TAKAGI. 031 Sacramento st.
AN Intelligent Japanese college student wishes
to work for a few hours mornings and even-
ings: understands cooking, waitln-, and
speaks very well. Address box 140, Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do
housework and help cooking In city. H.
HAMA. 935H McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2050.
RELIABLE Japanese wants situation as school
boy; good cook, also good waiter. A. B., 6
Central place.
GOOD Japanese boy attending school want!
work. Shoe shop, 31 Telegraph ave., Oak-
land.
YOI'NG Japanese boy wants a position as
school boy in a good family. FRANK, 133:;
Pine st.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position to do
housework. ."27 Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wishes to learn photo trade;
speaks (rood English. Address 507 Larkin.
YOUNG Americanized Chinese wishes work of
any kind, or to run elevator. ED, 1011 Pa-
cific St.
AMERICANIZED Chlneee boy wl*h°!» position
of any kind In store cr office; will do collect-
ing; had some experience. ED, 1011 Pacific st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cabecriptiosa has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curled
and waterproofed; gives a luster equal to
new; can be worn a season without losing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co., CO Geary st.
BY new. bealtbful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 823 Vac Nets ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
4*4 PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 9
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association, 516 Cali-
fornia st. A. A. Watkins, president; Charles
K. Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith,
treasurer; Clarence Grange. Fecretaiy and man-
aging director; Gavin McNab, attorney: George
C Boardman and Charles E. Ladd. directors;
Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $8,000,000; paid In capi-
tal, $1,000,000; reserve fund. $200,000.
WE buy and sell all active stocks, bonds and
mortgagee; carefully selected securities for
investors always on hand. Write, call or
wire for quotations.
WATT & COWPER-THWAITE.
Bankers and Brokers,
Stockton, Cal.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed end stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckelji bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BOUSES and flats to let: an Immense lilt;
service absolutely free; take advantage ot
this department; It will save you time and'
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259. Geary
St., 00 tbe sQuare.
ALL ot the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; let us give
>cu a l'.ct and help you -find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1038 Market et. ; services abao-
luUrly free.
TO let — $27 50 per month; handsomest, newest
and runniest flats In the city; 5 rooms and
bath; corner Fifteenth and Castro sts.; open
to-day. RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery at.
ATTRACTIVE new lewer flat, 3746 Sacramento
St., near Spruce: 5 rooms and bath.
HOOKER Sc LENT, 14 Post st.
ELEGANT, new, light. sunny flats, 8-0-0
rooms, social Kalis; panoramic view; carriage
or automobile room. Pierce & McAllister sts.
TOP flat for rent: new, with all latest Im-
provements. 3523 Twenty-fourth St.; phone
Capp 448. "
NEW. tunny flat, 6 rooms. 1056 Noe st., cor-
ner Elizabeth; convenient to Twenty-fourth
and Castro-st. cars; rent reasonable.
1041 FRANKLIN St.. near Geary— Modern fiat
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $45. VON RHEIN
R; E. CO.. 513 California st.
NEW modern, sunny upper flat; 6 rooms; rent
$25. 1400 Eighth ave.; south Golden Gate
Park.
TRFtlONT ave.. 4A (near Park) near Ashbur>
and Waller cts. — 4 rooms and bath; modern;
rent $19; adults. - ■■ . -
BEAUTIFUL upper flat, 0 sunny rooms; sep-
arate entrances. 214 Ashbury st.
iec',4 CLARA St., near Fifth — Flat of four
rooms; $12. . -•_
CORNER flat, 4 rooms; modern Improvements;
furnished or unf s'hed. 1529 Church, nr 27th.
FLAT, 3552 Twenty-third St., near Guerrero;
4 rooms end bath.
FLAT, 048 Eddy St.; 5 rooms and bath.
FLAT of 8 rooms to let; furniture for sale.
5"»jVs Baker st. ; key in rear.
GOUGH, 2322 — New sunny lower flat, 8 rooms
■nd bath; marine view.
MODERN flat. 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate avenue; rent $40.
NEW sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath; 3530 Sae-
ramento st.; rent $35. -
LARGEST list flats and houses to let. LYON
& HOAG, 116 Montgomery st. .
LOWER flat: 4 rooms; 1325 Washington st..
bet. Jones -and Leavenworth; rent $15.
NEW sunny upper flat, S rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 4130 Eighteenth st., near Castro.
RONDEL place, 22, off ICth and Valencia— Flat
•cf B modern rooms; bath, yard; rent $1S*. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
FLATS TO liBT — Con tin aed.
SUNNY 7-room flat; rent $35. 3023 Califor-
nia st.
' SUNNY corner flat; rent $40; no children. 705
j Cole st. ■
' SUTTER. 2320 — Nice sunny upper flat, 7
j rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
TO let — Choice lower flat. 2SC5 Washington
j St., between Scott and Devlsadero. ■ -
UNION, 1784 — Sunny lower flat, 6 rooms and
bath; rent $27 50.
WALLER. 601. cor, Carmellta— Modern flat;
7 rooms and bath.
$17 — SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
405 OCTAVIA. cor. Fell— Flat of 5 rooms: bath,
yard and basement.
8-9-11 ROOMS. Just completed; ■ latest lm-
provements. Baker St.. corner Fulton.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
—opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
FLATS TO LIST- — FURNISHED.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms; china closets; porce-
lain bath; hot and cold water; complete for
housekeeping; no children: $25. 332 Hayes.
FURNISHED fiat, 3 rooms; bath and gas*
43!) Golden Gate ave. .
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
THE furniture In a 4-room flat for sale, cheap;
rent reasonable. Cell to-day. HUiDykeman
place, off Mason st., near O'Farrell.
FLAT for sale, cheap; a bargain; elegantly
furnished 0-room flat: boarders; clears $50.
per month. Box 232, Call office.
AT sacrifice— Newly furnished 8-room house on
Butter st. ; make offer. Apply 242 Post st.
FOR eale — Handsomely furn., sunny cor., mod-
ern o-r. flat. Call Monday. S)2« Van Ness ave.
$550 — S ROOMS; new furniture; ver7 co.~ flat;
grand snap. 1390 O'Farrell.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of six rooms;
complete. Call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
'FURNITURE of 8 rooms; must be sold; all
nearly new and in good condition; iron and
brass bedsteads, spring and hair mattresses,
body Brussels carpets, rugs, etc. Box 218,
Call office.
A— $100 NO 7 combination coal and gas
range; used 2 weeks; $60. 403 Valencia st.
FURNITURE, carpets. et& o| a C-room flat
for sale. Box 170. Call office.
! FURNITURE WAXTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse.'u h"
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.; te I. Howard 27M
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid, small family;
$30.
A second girl: 3 In family; city place; $25.
- A waitress and second girl (no sweeping) for
email family in San Rafael; $30.
A chambermaid for country hotel; no wait-
Ing; ?25.
A German second girl to go to Les Angeles;
$2S. (Lady to be seen In. town.)
A French nurse for grown children; $30.
A French lady's maid; $30.
A Protestant chambermaid and seamstress
for small family In city; ?30. . Forty, house-
work girls who have some knowledge of cook-
Ing; $20 to $35.
Office opens 8:30 a. m. ; closes 6:30 p.' m.
sharp, MISS PLUNKBTT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A NURSE for 3 children; place In country;
wages $35; lady to be seen here; references
necessary. Office opens 8:30 a. m.; closes
6:30 p. m. MIS3 PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
st.. near Powell. ' , '
A SEAMSTRESS and chambermaid, also a
waitress and parlor maid for the same place;
$25 each; see lady .here Monday morning.
Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter at.,
near Powell. Office opens 8:30 a. m. ; closes
6:30 p. m. sharp.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB,
23U Geary st. Room 36.
Tray girl, private hospital, $20; Two parlor
maidf. $30; second Bin, Berkeley, Napa ana
Ross Valley, parties at office Monday, 10 a.
m. ; three eeeond girls, city, $20-$25. . .
HOUSEWORK.
Three places, city, two In family, no washing,
etc., $20, carfare paid. $1 fee on housework
positions. - ,
HOUSEKEEPERS, ETC.
For two -ent8, German. Nevada, fare paid, .
see oarty here, any time, $30: for Contra
Co?ta and tend store, $25; cook and helper.
State of Washington, fare paid, party here,
$U0; husband and wife for Los Angeles
County, wife first-class cook, man house-
work, both do entire work of house, four in
family, lady will come to this city to en-
gage, $75; cook and second girl for new pri-
vate place in city, friends preferred. $55.
Office open on Sunday from 3 to 6 o'clock
for information on above positions.
WANTED — Waitress for winter resort; very
nice place; $25; waitress for country hotel,
$25, fare paid; 4 waitresses and chamber-
i maids, $20 and $25, hotels; young woman to
learn waiting in restaurant; maid and seams-
tress. San Rafael, $30; kitchen helper, $20;
infant's nurse, $25; 0 second girls, $25; par-
lor maid, $25, Menlo; Chambermaid for pri-
vate family, $25; cook for sanitarium, $35;
cook, plain wash, Alameda, $30; a>ok, Ger-
man stylo. $35; 6 cooks, plain wash, $30;
116 girls for housework In city and country,
$20, $25 and $30, very nice places, American
and German families; 4 nurses, $20 and $25;
and lots of others. For a good, reliable situ-
ation call on J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
I Sutter Et.
j A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
: in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
A — Gir'.s to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day anil evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' waists. C56 Mis-
sion st.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 63ff
Mission St.. third floor.
A-rOPERATORS on children's wash suits;
good pay. 65tt Mission et., third floor.
GIRLS about 16 to work In factory; good
wages; steady employment. Apply at once,
AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacramento st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETEPS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
: FACTORIES, 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISS- ON, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — For Oakland, " experienced stenog-
rapher and cashier; quick at making change;
young and good appearance; pleasant man-
ner; state salary, references. Box 1028, Call
office, Oakland.
WAITRESS, commercial hotel; dishwasher,
boarding-house, $20 found; cook, boarding-
house, city, $30; girl, housework, small fam-
ily, $30. S. J. BEAN, 17 Fourth et. Phone
Bush 107.
WANTED — Young woman capable of taking
care of children and doing light second work;
good home for desirable party; state age, ex-
perience. If any. and salary expected. Apply
box 9(52, Call office.
IF you wish to earn money, writing, short
stories, or acting as news correspondent,
address UNITED PRESS SYNDICATE, 333
Postal building, Indianapolis, Ind.
LADIES — To do Dieeework home; we furnish
material;-; pay $7 to $12 weekly. Stamped en-
velope to ROYAL COMPANY, 34 E Mon-
roe st., Chicago. - -
WANTED — Young woman competent to take
care of children and do light second work.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
- BROS.'
LADIES having dollies, centerpieces, batten-
berg and drawn work to sell, address
Ladles* Exchange, 34D Monroe St.. Chicago.
LADIES — Most profitable, steady home work:
$0 to $16 weekly: material free; no canvass-
Ing. Address SURETY COMPANY, Chicago.
A YOUNG German girl for delicacy store;
hours 7:30 a. m. to 6:80 p.m.; Sunday o»f-
call Monday. SCHILLER. Union Sqr. Mkt.
EXPERIENCED corset fitter and saleslady
wanted. Address, statin- experience, refer- ■■
ences, salary expected, etc., box 203, Call. -
LADY cashlerwanted at'Selig's, 953 Market st.
BRIGHT women to earn good salaries at home;
correspondence work. Address, inclosing 10c
P. O. box 40. Berkeley, Cal.
WANTED — Colored lady's maid to work part
of week. Call Monday, 4 to 6, 637 Post St.,
room 36.
SALESLADY: exneri. solicitor for ' high-grade
water colors; good opp. for right party. Call,
bet. 10-12, L. Rocblln- Flcke. 416 Geary st.
PRINTERS — Young lady compositor, with
seme experience; permanent. * 420 Tenth st.,:
(Jauijj— Oil.
HELP \VASTEp--FEMALE~Con.
A YOUNG girl for light housework. 2178
Geary st. •'
EDUCATED lady with some means as secre-
■ tary for publishing firm. Box 190. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waist and sleeve hands: alto
apprentices. Improvers. Mulroney, 110 Geary.
WELL versed, active woman as commercial
traveler; good opportunity. Box 200, Call.
WANTED— 20 . ladies; , good seller; easy to
make $2 to $5 a day. 1150 Shotwell st.
BRIGHT, active woman or . elrl . for bakery.
Apply at 411 Van Ness ave. after 10 a. m.
WANTED— Lady manicurist at Plaza barber
shop. Oakland. ■■■■■- ■
WANTED — For Alameda." girl to care for
child 3 years old and assist with upstairs
work; wages $20. Box 954. Call.
WANTED — Chambermaid and help at dinner.
Hotel Buena Vista, 1070 Valencia st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church at».
HELP WANTKD— MALE.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520— MONTGOMERY ST.— 520.
Phone Main 1191 UPSTAIRS.
Office open 10 , a. m. to 3 p. m. to-day
(SUNDAY).
I> laborers. 8 hours, northeast; clerk and
keep books, country merchandise store,
south, $30 and found; milker, south, $30 and
round; 5 pruners, big orchard, $1 25 day and
found, southeast; cook,' $30 and found, city;
cook and do chores on ranch, 425 and found;
2 jackmen, steam shovel; ranch blacksmith,
south, easy job, $35 and found; porter, city
hotel. $25 and found; 2 elevator boys, city
, hotels, $20 and $25; 15 men to chop wood,
north. bi»sf job, fine timber, good ground,
water and climate, 80c cord redwood, $1 23
pine, $1 50 hardwood, all 4 feet; 2 handy
men for steam shovel. ,
COAL MINERS, Oregon. Free fare.
3 coal miners. 6-ft. vein, $1 per ton.
3 solicitors, Scandinavian, Italian and Sla-
vonian, must speak good English, $2*a day
to begin. Cal. Emp. Agency, 14 Third st., '
near Call building.
CYANIDE and chemist for a first-class gold
mine to go to Mexico, $100 and found; ref-
erences. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE* 26 Montgomery, R.12—
Janitor for city apartment- house, $00.
CLERKS and others with common school edu-
cations only, who wish to qualify for ready
positions at ?25 a week and 'over, to write
for free copy of my new prospectus and In-
dorsements for leading concerns everywhere-
one graduate fills $S00O place, another $5000,
and any number earn $1500. The best cloth-
Ing ad writer In New York owes his success
within a few months to my teachings.
George H. Powell, advertising and business
expert, 1169 Temple Court. New York.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 15,000 i
appointments last year; chances even better 1
now; examinations soon In San Francisco;
thousands prepared by the Nat'I Correspond-
ence Institute, Wash., J>.C, the originator of
this work, now In the service; write for circu-
lar J 1, showing positions, salaries, examina-
tions, sample Questions, etc., to our Pacific
Coast office, 027 Market St., San Francisco.
YOUNG MAN ABOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE TO
LEARN PRESSING ON WORKINGMEN'S i
PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY, CORNER
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
SPECIALTY salesman — High-grade experienced
traveling salesman to fill vacancy at once;
general mercantile trade; high commission
contract with $26 weekly advance while trav-
' ellng. W. E. HODGMAN & CO., 00-90 Pros-
pect st., Cleveland, Ohio.
SALESMAN wanted--By responsible Eastern
manufacturer, a traveling specialty salesman
■ of ability for Pacific Coast territory; position
permanent; salesman j must be capable of
commanding $250 per month and expenses.
Addresg box 1501, Jollet, 111.
A— L L
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. <Si6 Clay st.
TRAMPLING salesman for California; no
tecWilca! knowledge, but active all-round
hustler: 1 established, well-rated house, F. R.
JENNINGS, vales manager, Detroit, Mich.
SALESMAN — Firet-class, experienced, success,
ful, reliable man; staple line; specialty prop-
osition; commission contract; unusually liber-
al remuneration. BARTON-PARKER MFG.
I CO., Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
150 YOUNG men. IS years of age, of good
character, to join a social military organiza-
tion. S. SZANIT, 473 Valencia St.; call
between C ar.d 8 c. m.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus. Ohio, a
monthly journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample or 10c for four months'
' trial.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced hosiery
and underwear man; one capable of taking
charge of department. Apply at LIVING-
STON BROS.', 123-0 Post St.
WANTED — Specialty salesman; must speak
German and English; salary or commission;
full particulars as to former employment.
Box 170. Call office.
LADY or gentleman, each county, to manage
local business for wholesale house; $20 week-
ly; expenses advanced: permanent; no experi-
ence. Manager, 612 Monon bldg., Chicago.
WANTED — By S. F. wholesale butter and egg
house, an experienced salesman for bay
towns; one living In Oakland preferred. Box
210, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman; standard adver-
tised line; ilry goods and gen. trade; refer-
ences. J. BREEN, 108 Walnut St., St. Lous.
WANTED everywhere^ — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WHY not try sign painting? No experience re-
quired; no fraud; samples. Instructions, etc..
10c. City Sign Co., Springfield. Ohio.
SILENT partner with $500; best paying legiti-
mate business on Pacific Coast; no horsea or
liquors; Investigation Invited. Box 021, Call.
SOLICITOR — A hustler, to work on commls-
slon; ' come recommended. ' WESTERN
RATING CO.. 033 Market st.
STORE boy for machinery and tool business;
bright, strong and quick. Apply 58 FlrBt St..
Monday morning, 8 to 0. .
WANTED — Respectable, reliable boys to dis-
tribute samples. Call 150 Tenth st.. after 8
o'clock, Monday.
A BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 816
Market st.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere: good salary; no
experience. Intl. Detec. Agency, Milwaukee.
MAN capable of managing business; bond re-
quired; $100 per month. Boy 160, Call.
BOYS to learn bookbinding. R. I. WHELAN &
CO., 42-44 Steuart st.
YOUNG, steady boy to learn watchmaking
trade. N. Moskowitz, 71& Market. 5th floor.
WANTED — 50 reliable young Protestant, white
American men, 18 to 21 years. Box 20UU. Ca'l.
BOYS wanted. G'REENBERG & GREEN-
BERG. 31-37 Grant ave. \\
WANTED — Good canvasser on new article;
salary or commission.'. 6 , Eddy st., room 2.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker to sweep and rent
rooms; must be nice appearing. 25 Third st.
YOUNG man to learn drug business. Box 200.
Call efflce.
WANTED — A boy to learn sallmaklng at 46
Clay st.
WANTED — Oldish man for kitchen, for board;
short hours. 211 Sixth st. ■ ■_
FOR sale — Complete 4-chalr barber shop out-
fit; revolving chairs; about 25 mirrors; now
stored In warehouse; cost new $400; will sell
for $125; $10 cash, one year time on bal-
ance. Call at room 16, Phelan building.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs steady; price
$200. 2800 California st.
EARN. better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence ; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison Indorses , Institute; book, ."Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free! Elec-
trlcal Engineer Institute, New York. .
GOVERNMENT, positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor, 303 Larkin st.. for free information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
■'.or evenings,'. ■,;■■. W. ■' " ■■ ■ . _: -...■
WANTED— First-class, thoroughly experienced
' dress goods salesman' to go to a city not far
from San Francisco. Apply, between 0 and
, 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS. - :
SECOND cook wanted who is willing to do
part day helper's work; apply between 7 and
8 a. m. 18 East st.
MAN to do Janitor work -for tuition In 8. F.
Barber School. , 741. Howard st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr . shop, : clearing over $25
weekly. Box 025. Call office. i .
WANTED-^Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added . 100 •; new ' rooms ■ to the Denver House,
ftl? TUcd st.; 230 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
HELP WAXTED— ■MALE— Cw.
OPEN 10 TILL 12
TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
A— MURRAY & READY. «34-«3B Clay st.
Phone Main 0848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
, , ARIZONA.
We Ship to
ARIZONA. Close to PRESCOTT.
500 Laborers for General Work.
We Ship Daily ' ■ '
810 Miles. ARIZONA. $9 10.
GOLD MINES.
6 machine miners, gold quartz mines, $90.
■ Wagon-maker, country shop, ' $3 • day.
Bakers, country ehop,;$50 and found.
Pantryman, city hotefc.$25 and found.
Bread baker, small shop, country, $40 and fd.
Cement finisher, long 5 job, country, $00 found.
■ Moldmaker, terra cotta, works.
Choreman, city; gardener, $25 and found.
Married gardener, see boss here, $30 and fd.
Married laborers, country.
Cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
.Farmers, milkers, choremen, teamsters.
"■ — -WOODCHOPPERS ,
25 Men
to chop 4-foot cordwood for a large lumber
■ company: good camp; 2 years' job; redwood
80c, pine $1 25. hardwood Jl.
MURRAY gc READY, 031-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced solicitors, men \ and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; easy proposition to
place; ■ Investigate. Royal Mercantile Co..
suite 19, Columbian bldg.. or 952 Broadway,
Oakland. ■
BARBERS, take notice — Tbe office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 1004 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 14S. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary. J_
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; wages paid while learning. ■ Call
or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS. 647 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478, Parrott building^
WANTED — Experienced drapery and domestic
salesman. Apply, between 9 and 11 a. m..
at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Young man who has had some ex-
perience In hotel to tend bar in a hotel.
Meehan's Hotel, opposite Home of Peace
Cemetery; San Mateo cars.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when ■ you can get It done for 25c. 50c
and COc while you wait at BG3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — Young man stenographer and type-
writer; state age, salary expected and places
employed If any. Box 924, Call office. ■
STEADY man to attend counter and take cash
in restaurant; $65 monthly and meals: $125
cash required. 209 Kearny st., room 1.
WANTED — Boy to drlVe butcher wagon
Meehan's Hotel, opposite Home of Peace
Cemetery; San Mateo cars.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 CO or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
BARBER ehop; must sell quick; other busi-
ness; 4 chairs; swell; cheap. Box 1026, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal. !
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
I express or mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 323 Bus"h
st.. third .floor, room 4.
SAILORS and ord Ins ry sramen for deep- water
ships. Apply DENTS place. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullln. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.K.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. Tiear Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C03 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waltinc: 25c
to 50c. C<O Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A CHANCE of a lifetime to get a new rubber-
tired buggy at your own price. We have a
carload of high-grade rubber-tired buggies
that must be disposed of without reserve and
. 00 head ot well-broke horses of every de-
| scrlption and a lot of new and second-hand
harness at our regular weekly auction on
MONDAY; February 8, at 11 a. m. Ellis
St. stable, 610 Ellis st. S. WATKINS, auc- ;
tloneer; phone East 743.
AT auction. Tuesday. February 9, 11 a. m., at
1140 Folsom St.. there will be a large con- ;
signment of 53 horses and mares, 4 sur-
rles, 2 phaetons, 5 carts, 3 express. 4 ped-
dilng, 2 camp wagons. 2 standups. 1 20-pas- ',
senger carryall, 1 donkey buggy and harness,
1 fast road horse, 35 nets of harness. WIL-
LIAM CLOUGH, Auctioneer.
WANTED — Black single-foot saddle horse;
must be young, sound, stylish, gentle; giod
clean mover. Address, with full description
and price, J. V. VICTOR, 460 Guerrero st.
TWO handsome carriages, almost brand new;
one Stanhope phaeton; one open English
trap; will sell extremely reasonable. Apply
box 220. Call office.
FINE black hcrse and basket, seat cut under,
trap; new. swellest rig in the Park; ring
up Fell 331C, if you want to see it to-day.
FOR SALE — Light buggy, robe and harness;
$40 for all or will sell separate. Box 920,
Call efflce.
I FOR sale — A bay horse. 6 years old; a pacer: 1
-weight about 1100 lbs.; works single or
double. Box 245. Call office.
BAY horse, C years old, 15 hands, sound and
gentle;- buggy and harness; will sell reason-;
able. Box 249, Call office.
FOR sale— A black horse, fine buggy horse:
lady can drive him with safety; 7 years old.
Box 8t>5, Call.
SOME big ' horses just In from the country.
1023 Howard st. \[ • .
A NEW trap, used very little, cost $300, will
sell for $225. Box 809, Call office.
A GOOD buggy, built for business, in good
running order, for $45. Box 195. Call.
A BUSINESS buggy for city use; In good
condition; will sell for $27 00. Box 199, Call.
FOR sale — Gray mare, 8 years old. .weight
1200 pounds. -208 Vlcksburg st.. near 24th.
COMBINED hay and coal wagon. 91C Capp
st., near Twenty-fourth.
A DELIVERY hcrse for sale; price $25. 1633
Turk et. ' »■
WANTED — A good business buggy; price must
be cheap. Box 870, Call office. =
FOR sale — Six second-hand express wagons
and two trucks. 233 Jieale st.
AN open business buggy In good condition;
will sell cheap. Box 902. Call office. -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light . camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey, harntps, work. driving horses. 1 r«th-VaIenria
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let -send for cir-
cular. G.H. UMBSEN & CO., 20%Iontgomery.
FOR rent immediately — Handsomely furnished
10-room house ; February free to desirable
tenant. 419 Oak st. ,
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
• to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
20C0 GREEN st. — Prettily furnished 8-room
house, j—trden: marine view; moderate.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED to rent— A furnished flat or house
of 8 or 9 rooms east of Van Ness ave.. and
south of Sutter st. Box 164, Call office. ,
~~ INVESTMENTS. -.:.-..'
BONDS, STOCKS . AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities. for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
: LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Black leather pocket book on Friday
evening, containing papers. of value to own-
er. Return to Harriett Franklin, 230 Mont-
gomery st. , and receive reward. -
LOST — Little, black and tan dog -.on Golden
Gate ave. and Leavenworth st. at 6 o'clock:
I scar on 'right side; good reward for Informa-
tion orreUirn of dog. . 11 Leavenworth st. .
LOST — Seal passbook • containing Southern" Pa-
cific and Santa • Fe annual favors. R. '• W.
KNEISS; finder .kindly . return to 637
Market St.* ' ■ '■'■■■'■
LOST — Brown Cocker spaniel ; ; license No. 506;
liberal reward/Return to 500 Post st. : ■ -
LOL.-t-A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THOMAS SAMPSON, No. 204-752.
The finder will please return to bank. «.:
LOST — A paas book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan ' Society of San Francisco in the
name of JACOB PHILLIPS. No. 210-650. The-
A flnC-r will please return to bank.,
LADIES', brown leather purse, containing coin,
vicinity Third and Market. Apply Call of-
fice;, reward.
LOST AND FOUXP— -Continue J.
FOUND— Bunch of keys. Apply 8S3 Halght st.
LOST— Black Collie dog: white on nose.
breast, feet and tip of tall; liberal reward.
516 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — Locket; "Henry" on back. Liberal re-
ward return H. ELLIS. 20 Montgomery st.
FOUND— A greyhound. Owner can have the
same -by calling at 421 Connecticut st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE basement for rent, cheap, for storage
purposes. 1111 Sutter .st.
DKSK an I storage room to let cheap. 161
. New Montgomery st.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply "140 Geary st.. opp. City of Parts.
OFFICES WANTED.
WOULD llWto rent furnished office or suite.
Box 953. Call office.
PERSONALS.
WE would like to pm a copy of The Advertis-
ing World into the hands of every p«rson
who keeps any kind of a store; every news-
paper man, every advertising writer, every
p*r*on Interested in business of any kind:
we send sample copies free on request, and
tbe paper usually makes friends for Itself at
first sight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be helpful — and Ita circulation of 23,000
(biggest of Us class In the world) shows that
it is helpful. May we have your address?
The AivertialEg World. Columbns, Ohio.
THE Star Heir Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling,cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
■ cleanses acalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; _c-
; cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 .Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
A MIDDLE-AGED man. about 40, would like
to correspond with lady of means about same
age, with view to matrimony and to assist in
business. Box 2014, Call office.
TO whom It may concern: I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts Incurred by my wife,
EMMA McGOWAN, she having left my bed
and board. THOMAS F. MeGOWAN.
RAO carpents wove to order and for sals; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In . bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st.. Oakland.
NOTICE— The California Restaurant, at 128
Ninth St.. has been sold to P. BALLO3 and
A. GOVGALA^.
WM. AUGUSTINE.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market it.
PHYSICIAN, IB years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or '
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.: fee moderate.
LTQCOR habit cured; we guarantee si cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
097 Market St., room 203.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dU-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st., near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW, jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st., has moved to 21S Post st.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cur*s deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 309 Sut-
ter. r.'6O9. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room M.
Bon Marcbe Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country ordera. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit V SO; dress pants $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists".
PAXJ2J&TBY.
$1200 THAT was stolen from Jas. Hartmouth
was discovered by J ISM AR. tbe marvelous
Gypsy seeress." See page 4S.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist;, palm readings 51; 3 questions by ex-
press Jl; open Tuesday evg. also. 139 Post st.
MME. KEERQARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 501.
PAIITXERS AVAXTKD.
PARTNER wanted with $5000 and services:
opportunity to make a fortune: furnishing an
indispensable article to the Japanese army.
Address box 243. Call office.
rilOPEKTV WANTED.
FLATS WANTED.
. I will buy 3 Hats. Ellis. Eddy. Bush. Pine,
east of Franklin; nice, complete, up-to-date:
cash. JULIBN SMITH, real estate agent.
420 Montgomery st.
WANTED to rent — Suburban home, completely
furnished, with large grounds, for the sum-
mer months; not more than IVj hours ride
from the city; give full particular?. Box
157. Call office.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C 6' DONNELL— Of flee and~resid«nce^
1021 H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; parttcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pazt four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. luccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington it.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dU-
♦asrii cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, - 6th floor. Mutual Savings Baalc
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
For tbe half-year ending 21st of December.
1903. a dividend bam been declared at tbe
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital gtock and participating certlflcatts,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: , The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. .62. of fifty cents
<S0c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202, 204
and 20tf Hayward building. San Francisco,
on February 10. 1904. Transfer books close
February 3. 1904, at noon.
C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS will be received until February 10. 1904
for the drilling of an oil well within S miles
of Evanston. Wyo.; plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the - ell at from $3 to <3 50
per ton; tbe contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and , eight until completed. Bidders will
make separate bids at so much per foot to
■Ink KC0 feet. 1500 feet and 2000 feet dee»;
' tbe size of tbe bole to be not less than 644
inches at tbe bottom on completion. Tbe
right is reserved to reject any and all bids
If the price Is excessive. For . further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE, Evanston, Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. 631 Market st.
SEWING-MACHINES AND SPPPLBES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; *10, $15. $20; second-
hand. |3. $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed. Ntw
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1061 Market »t.
lift 60— NEW Improved drop-head nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yra. : 2d-faand sewing maehtn-s
$2 B0. <3. $4. 143 6th st.; tel. Jessie 3136.
'' " ' __ y_°_ TLEABE. V
WANTED— To lease for a term of years, In
the fast growing city of Han ford. . Cal.. a
place • that is unsurpassed or even equaled
in the world for Its grand irrigation system
and . its diversities of all kinds of products
and fine fruit. In the brick block just oppo-
site the Hotel Artesia. which la full and run-
ning over most all the time, a new, elegantly
finished 50-room hotel, lodging or private
. boarding house, with - all ' the very latest Im-
proved plumbing; fine suites with baths, mar-
. ble washstands. hot and cold artesian water In
■, every room, electricity and gas to heat and
; .cook with; one of the best chances in tbe
State to make good money; can be filled in
less than ten days with monthly boarders
witb good party. Come see or write me
quick, as I want to rent. JOE D. BIDDLE.
Owner.
TYPEWRITERS AXD^SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $26: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals Vi 30. To*
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $CO each; get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st^
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.-
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
STORAGE AND JVA REH OV SES.^
A— EMPORIUM^ Storas- * Van Co. : fur-ltur*.
household goods stored, moved, sblppad. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Movtns Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell st*.: tel. Prlr. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merch^n-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone Ka-it 128.
GOLDEN West Storage: advance* made: 84O
Mission St.: teL Howard »41. T. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cera-
pany. 2320 Flllmore »t.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING ASP STAMMEBIXC.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case;- Individual teaching: no me-ii-
crne. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home core.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
I
Tbe following marriage licenses wrre Issued
yesterday :
James L. Guptill. 21. 30 Silver street, and
Evangellne J. Cook, IS. 30 Silver street.
John J. Kelly, 24. 324 Francisco street, and
Annie Phillips. 19. 195A Shipley street.
John E. Hartman. 37, city, and Katbryn A.
White, 30, Lakeport.
Emlllo Devlncenzi. 2S, 338 Vallejo street,
and Angela Pasqualettl. 19. 336 Vallejo street.
William M. Bear. 29. 31 Washington avenue,
and Llllle M. Mego, 27. Petaluma.
John Mlnetta. 33, WadUIr.gtcn, and Julia
March!, 21. city.
James McClure. 36, 505 Bryant street, and
Annie Conners. 23. 509 Bryant street.
Theodore J. Petersen. SO. Visalta. and Helen
Rose, IS, 125» O'Farrell street.
Charles E. Potter. 19. 67 Ivy avenue, and
Gertrude A. Morabee, 16, BIS Seventh street.
Peter N. Righettl. 32, Olema. and Carrie L.
Pedrottl. 20. Olema.
William E. Schendel. 22. 110 Chattanooga
St.. and Grace K. Flanagan. 20. 3170 23d »t.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Tbey must b* handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tbe same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once tn this cotuma
fre« of charge.
BORN.
CARR— In thl« city. January 31. 1904. to the
wife of William Carr, a son.
COOK— In this city. February 1. 1904. to tbe
wife of Wilber B. Cook, a daughter.
ELMORE— In this city. January 25, 1904. to
the wife of J. M. Elmore, a son.
HANLEY— In thl» city. January 10, 1004, to
the wife of John J. llanley, a daughter.
HOWARD— In this, city, February 2. 1904. to
the wife of Colonel II. Howard (nee Plum-
mer). & daughter.
MOLDT— In this city. February 4, 1904, to th«
wife of Jacob E. Moldt, a son.
MORROW— In this city, January 1«. 1004, to
the wife of Thomas Morrow, a son.
' O'DONNELL— In this city. February 2. 1904.
to tbe wife of William G. O'Donnell. a ann.
SEEWALD — In this city. January 25. 19O4.
to the wife of John Seewald. a son.
MARRIED.
DALL— CASEY— In this city. January 31. 1004.
by the Rev. W. K. Guthrie. George A. DaU
and Amanda Casey, both of this city.
FRANKE— MEVES — In Oakland. Cal.. Febru-
ary 4. 1904, by the Rev. J. M. Theis*. Job
Aug. William, Franke and Eldora Verona
Meves.
GILEON— SKINNER— In this city, February
3. 1004. by the Rev. L. C. Sanf ord. Francis
A. Gllson and Blanche E. Skinner.
MAGEE— CHAMPREUX— In Portland. Or..
February 3. 19O4. at the Cathedral of tbe
Immaculate Conception, by the Itev. Josepb
Kennedy. Harry Kills Magee of Portland.
Or., and Florence Margaret Chans ureux of
Oakland, Cal.
McCORMACK— TAVOLARA— In this city,
. January 24, 1904. by the Rev. Father H.iri-
nett of St. Joseph's Church. Thomas McCor-
mack of Tacoma. Wash., and Marie Mar-
guerite Tavolara of thla city.
PETERS— WEHRENBERG- In this city. Feb-
ruary 6, 19O4, by the Rev. J. II. Schroeder,
Carl F. Peters ard Adela Wehrenberg.
SMITH— LECHENS— In this city. February
4. 1UC4, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Ral-
ston II. Smith and Anna E. Lechens.
STONE — LITTLE — In Reno. Nev.. January
27. 1004. by the Rev. F. A. Reynolds. Sidney
Marvin Ston« and Ethel Mary Little, botla
' of San Francisco.
TAMM— MORRISON— In Oakland. Cal., Feb-
ruary 2, 1904, by the Rev. J. M. Theis-, Wil-
liam C. Timm and Pearl L. Morrison.
DIED. •
Banning, Edward J. Hoist. Margaret A.
Clancy, P. A. Jones. Mary J.
Clark, Janf»9 Kayer, Tfcos. E.
Clark. P. F. Kerwtn. Eliza
Clark. William Lamkln. Mary O.
Coffey. Margaret Leland. John
Cornfoot. Harry W. Lynch. Letltia
Crowley. Herbert J. Mallett. Helen T.
Diesterbeft. E. A. McQrath. Mary
Ekblom. Charles McLaughlln. B.
England. Isaac N. McLaughlln. Mrs. B
Featherstone. Mrs. McQueen, John M.
Sarah E. Meyn. William M.
Fry'. Thomas J. Mohrlg. C. F.
Oactjen. H. F. Peters. Matt!*
Gibbons. Catherine Richardson. L. C
nignat. Pierre Rossi. Antone
Grace. Patrick P. Schultze. Louis
Hanley. Win. F. Smith. Annie O.
Hanson. Mary J. Staude. Charles J.
Holland. August K. Suckow, Charles
Hollo. Mra C. C. Wise. David 8.
BANNING — In this city, February 4, 1004. Ed-
ward J.. beloved son of Frances A. and the
late John Banning, and brother of Kate F.
Banning and Mrs. Margaret Kelly, a native
of San Francisco, aged ,30 years and S
months. ' . »
E7Krlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1O o'clock, from his lale resi-
dence. DCS Castro street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, for ser-
vices at 10:16 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. A solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul to-morrow (Monday) at tas
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are invited
to attend.
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10. N. S. O. W.— Officers
and members are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. E. J. Ban-
ning, from the residence. «es Castro street.
Sunday, February 7. 9:30 a. m.
E. J. LYNCH. President.
JOHN MILLER. Secretary.
CLANCY— In McCloud, Sisklyon County. Feb-
ruary 2. 1904. Patrick Andrew, beloved soa
of EHxabetb and the late John. Clancy, and
brother of John J.. Bernard M.. Elizabeth.
Margaret and Mary Clancy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years.
£~Tb<» funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1802 Scott street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Cnurcb for services. Interment Holy
Cros^ Cemetery.
CLARK— In Windsor. Cal., February 5. 1904.
James Clark, father of James. Alexander,
John B.. George. Mrs. J. Baxter. Mrs. R.
Baxter and Mrs. P. A. Keith, a native of
Aberdeen. Scotland, aged 73 years.
E?" Interment to-day (Sunday). Faught'a
Cemetery, near Windsor.
CLARK— In the City and County Hospital.
February 6. 1904, William Clark, a native of
Maryland, aged 73 years.
CLARK — An ' annviersary solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
the soul of the late P. F. Clark, at St. Dom-
inic's Church, Tuesday, February 0. at 9
o'clock.
COFFEY— In thl» city. February 6. 1904. Mar-
garet Coffey, a native of Ireland, aged 83
years.
CORNFOOT— In this city. February «. 1904.
Harry W.. beloved son of Harry and ths
late Margaret Cornfoot. and brother of
George and Samuel Cornfoot, Mrs. M. Rees.
Mrs. J. . McGinn and tae late James Corn-
foot and Mra. J. Conroy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 yean 9 months and 28
days.
C~Rematns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 8e6 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
CROWLEY— In this city. February «. 1904.
Herbert J.. dearly beloved son of Edward A.
and Lydia S. Crawley. and brother of Edward
D.. Oscar. Ethel. Lydia. Leo and Agnrs
Crowley. a native of San Jose, Cal., aged IS
years and .1 days. (San Jose., Cal., papers
please copy.)
CTTte funeral will take olace to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 41 Washington avenue, between Mis-
sion and Howard streets, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church where a requiem mass will b«
celebrated for. the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIESTERHEFT— In this city. February «.
19C4, Elizabeth Amanda Charlotte Dlester-
heft. beloved daughter of Gottlieb and Ame-
lia Dlesterheft. and niece of Mrs. Her-iina
- Gitzel. a native of San Francisco, axed I
year 0 months and 23 days.
EKBLOM— In this city. February B. 1904.
Charlrs. only and dearly beloved soa of
Christina and the late Charles Ekblom. _n4
i l-vis* brother of Mrs. E. Green, Mra. E. U.
4546
Ritter aad Clara and Mae Ekblom. a native
cf Gardiner. Ore., aged 24 y*ars and 1
month. * - -*
CTFTiends and acquaintances are r* 1^""
fully invited to attend the futpr* I «"rt«f
to-day (Sunday). February .. J2°*v/A *
eclock. from HI- late rerfdencj. M2 Castro
street, between Eighteenth aad Nineteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
UXGLAND-lebruary 4, 1*04. «5»«f *J or *«Ji
bclovrd husband cf Farah Inland, and
father cf Glady*. Gertrude »nd J °»"h r».
Hnsland. a native cf California. ac«d J4
J e«% «nd 23 days. A m-mber of lerba
Cuena Lodge No. 14. A. O. u. «.
Rr Friend? a-nd acquaintances are resp^et-
funv invited to attend the funeral tp-day
fSundarl February 7. 1904. at 1 o docs.
*rem hii' late rwJdenci. 1033 Powell street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEATHERSTOSE— In Chicago. 111.. February
• 1904 Mrs. Sarah V. Fcatheretone < w fe of
Stephen Feathcrstone). of Palo Alto, cal.
rnV-ln this city. February «. 1901. at hl»
residence. 1S02 Howard WreeU Thomas
JeCereon Fry. beloved husband of Elizabeth
M. Fry and father of Mrs. William \\ard
of Oakland, a native of Missouri, aged CJ
vears and 19 days.
G«,ETJEN— In this city. February 6, 1904.
Herman F. Caetjen. beloved son of Herman
and Mara Gaetjen. » native of San 7ran-
daaa aced 2 vears 7 months and 20 days.
' icri-'riends and acquaintance* are respect-
miiv invited to atttud the funeral services
tun'cay. February 7. 1004. at 1 o'clock. .*
<*•• residence of his parents, 2400 l'ost street,
interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
GIBBONS— In this city. February 6. 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late James
Gibbons, and mother cf Catherine, William
and Joseph Gibbons, a natlra of Whltestone,
Long Island. New York, aged 45 years 1
month and 12 days. .
crrriena* and acquaintances are respect-
fully tsvltsd to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Mcnfiay). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. £.'6 Pott street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
I* celebrated for tbe repose of her soul at
• o'clock. Intermtct Holy Cross Cemetery.
C1GNAT— In this city. February 4. 1304.
Pierre Glgnat. beloved father of Mrs.
Loulsa Mullen? Julia and Emily Glgnat,
and rmafilather of Ansle and John Mullen,
a natlvs cf France, aged C2 years 7 months
and 14 days. _ .„.
ETFuneral Bunday. February 7, 1904, at
I o'clock, from his late residence 10 lncent
street, between Green and Union, thence to
French Church cf Notre Dame des Victolrea,
where services will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRACE— In this city. February «. 1904, Pat-
rick P. Grace, beloved husband cf Emma G.
Orace and beloved father of Annie T. Grace,
brother of Mrs. J. J. Boyle, end son-in-law
or Mrs. Jaraes Fersuson, a native of San
Frar.clsco.
CTNotice cf funeral hereafter.
HANLEY— February 6. 1004. William F.. be-
loved husband of Etta F. Hanley. and son
of Anna F. and the late W. F. Hanley. and
brother of Mre. Pearl M. Groves, a native of
Alleghacy. Sierra County, Cal. (Downleville
and Nevada City papers please copy.)
HANSON — At her late residence. 118 San Jose
avenue. February 4. 1U04. Mary Josephine,
cnly and beloved daughter of Joeephine and
the late Camaln William Hanson, a native of
New York City, aged 45 years and 3 months.
CTTrlenda aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February fc. 1904. at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary cbaDcl of the Golden Gate Under-*
taking Coraoany. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth snd Guerrero streets, at 10:30
o'clock. Kindly emit flowers.
HOLLAND— In this city, st 42S Bryant street.
February B. UOC, August K., beloved hus- ;
hand of Gertrude Holland «nee Bank), and ,
•on of Mr. and Mrs. Ferdinand Kroger, and \
brother of Mrs. L. Kreiges of Buffalo. N. [
Y.. a native of Poland, aged 31 years and
II months. A member of GeselUchaft Teu-
tcnia. Buffalo, N. Y.
tr^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
V Monday t. at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 41*S Bryant Ftrwt. between Second
and Third. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLLO — In this city. February 6. 1904. Mrs.
<\ C. Hollo, widow of the late Herman
Hollo, and eister of Joseph A., Lewis N. and
Dr. Mary Ellen Ho'xnar.n.
KOLFT— In this city, February 6, 1904. Mar-
garet A., beloved daughter of J. D. and
Mary lioltt, and eteter cf Katie and Died-
rich Hoist, a native of Kan Francisco, aged
IV years 1 month and 24 days.
CTTrionds aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February J», at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, corner of Thirteenth
avenae snd California street. Richmond, anvl
thence to St. James Episcopal Church, on
Clement street, between Fifth and Sixth
avenues, where funeral service* will be held
«l 10-.S0 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
(Jemctery. ',
JONES— In this city. February 4. 1904. Mary
Josephine, beloved wife cf Austin Jones.
Rnd mother of Lauren D. Jon»s and Mrs.
Harauel Riddell. a native cf Ohio, aged 55
years.
Cj^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 6C6 Mission street,
thence to Howard -street Methodist Church
for service*, at 12:00 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet C-meterv.
KAYER — In this city, February 6, 1904.
Thomas E. Kayer, dearly beloved husband
cf Martha Kayer, and beloved father of Eu-
l?«?ne E. Kayer. and son-in-law of Mrs. J.
{••ulewsky. a native of Yorkshire, England,
aped ol yeans 10 months and 20 days.
KKRWJN— In this city. February 6, 1004.
Klti^ Kerwin. a native of Ireland, aged S5
years.
LAMKIN— In this city, February 6. 1904. Mary
G., beloved wife of Edwin A. .Lamkin, ar.d
mother cf George C. Hentz, and daughter
of the lete James L. L. K. Warren, a native
of Brighton, Mass., aged CO years 6 months
and 9 days.
E7"The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Haltted & Oo.. 1»4« Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemeterv, by car-
riage. •
LKLAND— In this city, February 3, 1904, John
Lciar.d, a native of Delaware, aged 5C J-ears.
CTTriT.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
• venue. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, February 6. 1904, Leti-
tia Lynch, dearly beloved daughter of John
and Mary Lynch, and sister of Lawrence,
Katie. Frances, James and the late Ellen
IX Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and S days.
MALLETT— Entered Into rest In this city, Feb-
ruary 6, 1&04, Helen Tennent Mallett, be-
loved wife of the late Captain J. II. Mal-
Wt, and mctber of J. H. Mallett Jr. and
• "harles F. Mallett, a native of London
ITurlatid. aged 70 years.
C^Kuneral Tuesday, at 9:30 o'clock, from
241C Clay st. Interment private. «
MrCHATH— In this city, February 5, 1904. Mrs.
Mary McGrath. dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. VT. E. Singleton. Mrs. William MeCaL
lig. and Mary. James and the late George
McKenna. and sister of James Meehan of
Jackcon. Amador County, California, a na-
tive of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged C7
jcars.
C?"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
February K at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3S3i Twenty-fourth street, thence
to ><t, Jamer Church, where a aolmen re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repot* of her eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. February 6 1904
Bernard McLaughlin. a native of Ireland'
ar r d 70 years. •
Cyiicmains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. >
McLAUGHLIN— In Berkeley, February 4 1904
Elisabeth, btloved mother of Mary F and
Thomas E. McLaughlJn and the late Dr W
H. McLaughlin. a native of England, aged
S3 years b months and 1 day.
C7"Friend« end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
f Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late real,
dence. 1629 Euclid avenue. Berkeley. Inter-
ment Cyprw* Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral funeral car leaving the ferry at
12:45 o'clock.
McQUEEN— In this city, February 4. 1804.
John M.. beloved *on of Robert McQueen
and brother of Robert. William and JoseDh
McQueen and Mrv Alexander Cannon, a
native of Scotland, aged 30 years.
CTFriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• 'Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from I. O. O K
Hall, under the auexilces of Templar Lodge
.Vo. 17. I. O. O. F. Interment Cyprees Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
MEYN— la this city, February 6, 1904, WII.
I lam IS... beloved husband of Sadie Meyn
father cf William Jr.. Edna. Neva, Charles
Sadie and Ida Meyn. sen of Peter and the
late Rebecca Meyn, and brother of Henry
Meyn. a native of San Francisco, aged 41
. years 10 months and 26 days.
C^Frtends «md acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), February 7. at 2:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
where services will be held under the aus-
rtENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. 'DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3.
20 F;.'ih st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8a
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers———
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 866 MISSION. TeL South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Firth it
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
r. J. MONAHAN. Manager. TeL Mission SL
M0NAHAN, 0'HAflA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND I5MBALMERS.
233»-23U Mission st., near Nineteenth,
£an Francisco. •
pices of California Parlor Nfc 1. N. 8. O.
W. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
electric Juneral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. ,
TO the Members of California Parlor No. 1. N.
S. G. "W. — You are requested to attend the
funeral of cur late brother. William M.
Jleyn. on Sunday, February 7. at 2 o clock.
Crom Suhr's Undertaking Parlors. 1137 Mis-
slon street. T. E. BAILEY, President.
CHARLES A. B0LDEMANN, Secretary.
UOHRIG— In this city, February 6t 19M.
Christopher F. Mohrir. a native of Germany,
aged 78 years.
Cyinterment private.
PETERS — In Oakland. Cal.. February «, l>04.
Mattie, beloved wife of Martin Peters, and
sister of Mrs. Walter Revord, a native of
Los An«eles, «fed 43 years 11 months and
9 days.
RICHARDSON— At Old Point Comfort, Janu-
ary 31. 1904, Lawrence C. Richardson, lov-
lrjs eon of Brldeet and the late Clement
Richardson, brother of George. Walter, Wil-
liam. Raymond and the late Albert J. Rich-
ardson, and Mrs. J. Mlllerick and Mrs. F.
Weicner, a native of San Francisco, aged
£6 years 2 months and 22 days.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
ROSSI— In this city. February 4, 1904. An-
tone, dearly beloved son of Francesco and
Ilosi- Rossi, and beloved brother of Mary
and Ixiuim' Rossi, a native of San Francis-
co, ac"l -•"• years and 4 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunaay,
February 7. 1904. at 1 o'clock, from the
undertaking parlors of laccheri, • Duclos &
Co., C2i» Hroadway. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
SCIIULTZE — In this city. February 2, 1904.
Louis Schultze. father of Mrs. II. Smith and
Edward Echultze. a native of Germany, aged
60 years. •
C7Friends and acquaintances, also Crock-
ett Lodge No. 138, F. and A. M.; Seneca
Tribe No. 104, I. O. R. M.; Seneca Council
No. 44. D. of P., I. O. R. M.: Bartenders'
International League. Local 41; Women's Re-
eliet Corps No. 21. W. R. C. : Seven Pines
Circle No. 3. Ladies of G. A. R,. and James
A. Garfleld Post No. 84. G. A. R., are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral Sun-
day, February 7. at 1 o'clock, from Washing-
ton-square Hall, corner Stockton and Union
streets, where services will be held. Re-
mains at parlors of E. Castagnetto & Co.,
£43-45 Vallejo street. Interment National
Cemetery. Presidio.
EMITH— In this city. February *. 1904, An-
nie G.. mother of A. Lloyd Smith, and
daughter of Michael W. and Hannah T.
Dwyer. and eister of Walter T. and Harry
V. Dwyer and Mrs. T. F. Powell, a native
of New York City, aged 80 years 7 months
and 20 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew *; English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to M!?slon Dolores Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ETAUDE— In this city, February 6, 1904,
Charles James Staude, beloved son of Mrs.
E. and the lat* John Staude. and beloved
brother of Mrs. L. Weisman, Fred. John and
the late Annie and Henry Staude, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years 6 months and
11 days. A member of Alcalde Parlor No.
154, N. S. G. W.. Independent Rifles and
Tamclpals Camp, Woodmen of the World.
CCTFriends end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BUCKOW— In this city. February 6, 1904.
Charles Suckow. beloved father of Charles
and George L. Suckow, and brother of Wil-
liam Suckow, a native of Mecklenburr.-
Schwerln. Germany, aged 77 years 8 months
and 27 days.
IcyFnfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), nt 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 045 Geary street, rear, between Jones
and Leavcnworth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WISE— In this city, February 6. 1904. David
8. Wise, beloved, son of Fanny Wise, and
brother of Nathan. Minnie, Isadore. Celia
and Marcus Wise of this city. Mrs. Pauline
Wllrfman of Portland. Or., and Mrs. J. H.
Mo$kow of New York Crty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years 5 months and IS
days. (Portland, Or., and New York papers
please copy.)
C7Friend« ind acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Kternal Horn* Cemetery, by 11:30 train
from Third and Totvnsend streets. Please
omit flowers.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our heartfelt grati-
tude to Mission Lodge No. 160, F. and A.
M., the management of the United Railroads
of San Francisco, and all other friends, for
the sympathy shown us In our late bereave-
ment. MRS. HATTIE MAYO HITCHCOX,
JESSE HITCHCOX,
MARY HITCHCOX.
MRS. ALICE McKIE.
CARD OF THANKS.
We wish to express our thanks to the
kind friends and acquaintances of our be-
loved eon for their mark of sympathy at our
intense sorrow.
. MR. AND MRS. ROFER.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Forty-seven.
SS* Associated - 19
15,000 Associated 20
SdO Home 115
100 Peerless 13 25
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock ami Exchange Board yesterday^
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 07| SOO Mexican 1 60
."00 Andes 23| 200 Ophlr 3 85
100 Belcher Saj 200 PotosI 18
liiO Caledonia »S] 200 Savage 46
100 Challenge ... 231 J00 Sierra Nev... 6O
200 Con Cal & V.I OO 100 Silver Hill... 65
2W Con Cal & V.I C5 4.V) Union Con... 78
.".CO Gould & Cur. 42 100 Union Con... 79
700 Gould & Cur. 43 100 Union Con... 80
300 Justice 09 100 Yellow Jacket 49
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Andes 23 100 Mexican 1 60
200 Andea 22 300 Potosi 19
200 Belcher 33 K)0 Union Con... Rl
100 Challenge ... 25 800 Union Con... 80
200 Con Cal & V.I «0 COO Yellow Jacket 48
300 Mexican ...1 62 J /4 200 Yellow Jacket 50
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Evelyn 251 1600 Rescue 08
10.000 Esperanza . 01 1100 Ton Belmont. 65
SOO MacNamara . 16 400 Ton Midway. 43
150 Mont Ton....l 401 200 Ton of Nev.6 12%
1000 Ray & O*B.. 10 1 200 Ton of Nev. .6 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
SATURDAY. Feb. 6—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 CS Justice OS C9
Alta 07 lOJKentuck 03 04
Andes 22 23 Key e8 Graes.. —175
Belcher 33 34 Lady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch.l 75 1 00 Mexican 1 60 1 65
Bullion 06 07 j Occidental ... 78 —
Caledonia ... 99 1 OO'Ophlr 8 SO 3 90
Challenge Con 22 25!Overman .... 31 3*
Chollar 21 23jPotosl ...\... 19 20
Confidence ...1 CO 1 10;Savage 44 45
Con C & Va.l 60 1 C5 Scorpion .... 02 04
Con Imperial. 02 C3 Seg Belcher. .» 00 08
Con NY.... rtl 03 Sierra Nev . . 60 6*»
Crown Point. 24 25 1 Silver Hill ..66 as
East Sierra N — 05St Louis .... 13 «>o
Eureka Con... — 50, Syndicate ... 04 00
Exchequer ... 15 16j Union Con ..80 Rl
Gould & Cur. 4.1 44 Utah 21 23
Hale & Norc. 70 75 Yellow Jacket 50 62
Julia 03 04! ; ..'*■-"*
TONOUAH MINES.
Bld.Ask Bld.Ask.
E»p*ranza ... — 01 Rescue 05 06
Gold Anchor. 18 — Ton Belmont. 60 65
Hannapah ... — 15 1 Ton & Cal .. — 23
Harnapah Ma — 25 Ton Exten ..70
MacNamara .15 18 Ton of Nev. .8 75 6 00
Mont -Z on - 1 S 3 1 40 Ton N Star.. 35 36
N Y Ton — 04 Ton Midway. 42 44
Paymaster ... 10 12 Ton Superior. — 20
Ray &. OBrien — 10 United Ton .. — 12
QUESTION* OF THE DAY
,7, WHAT DID ILAXXA SAY?
It is highly creditable to the newspa- ;
per men that the public does not yet
know what that figure was which Sen
ator Hanna borrowed from the game of
poker. He was at the time reported as
saying. "We hold the ace." The next
day he was reported as unspeakably
disgusted that the report had made
him utter a phrase that to all poker
players would be meaningless and sil
ly, and he explained, according to one
report, that what he did say was, "We
hold the age," but another report
makes him say, "We hold the edge."
Now, as the newspaper men are so In
nocent of the game that they cannot
tell whether the Senator said "ace."
"age" or "edge,". wlll( not some unre
gencrate player of that hazardous
game tell us what it was- the Senator
said, and what he meant by it?—
Philadelphia Record.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
HIGH SEA OVERTOPS LOFTY
SIDES OF STEAMSHIP QUEEN
Vessel's Decks Swept by Mighty Wave Off Umatilla
Reef and Coaster Is Compelled to Heave To-She
Brings 1,600,000 Japanese Gold Yen From Victoria
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com-*
pany|s Queen stands higher out of the
water than any other vessel engaged
In the coast trade, but when off Uma
tilla reef on the passage ended at this
port yesterday one sea climbed higher
than tha Queen's tall sides and de
scended In briny torrents, which tem
porarily converted the upper deck
Into the bed of a boiling- stream.
Fortunately there had been quite
a commotion In wave circles prior to
the arrival of this ambitious comber
and tha decks were clear of passen
,rerB. I When the steamer had shaken
herself free of the water and had re
covered from the shock that accom
panied the deluge Captain Cousin3
hove the Queen to and waited until
the «ea had somewhat calmed down.
For some time after resuming: her
way the V steamer traveled at half
speed, and Instead of getting here
early yesterday morning did not reach
port until the afternoon, sixty-seven
hours from Victoria.
The Queen brought from Victoria
1,600,000 Japanese gold yen, which
had crossed the Pacific on one of the
liners running to the northern port.
Light Winds Cause of Long Trip.
Although only ten miles off the heads at
8 o'clock Friday afternoon. It was early yester
day mornins tefore v the British ship St. Mir
ren anchored In tha harbor. With the 3200 tons
of coal in the vessel's hold. Captain Skimrnon
had no trouble. Light winds and, calms were
responsible for the St. Mirren's long; passage
which aroused such grave fears for the ves
sel's safety.
She. left Newcastle. Australia. October 13
and for 115 days did the best sha could with
the light breezes sent to swell her sails. The
voyage was uneventful and very monotonous.
While crossing the bar Friday night two big
seas were shipped, which filled the deck rail
high and overflowing:, but did no serious dam
age.
Ship Seas on Bar.
Ths German ship Nal. which arrived Friday
night, 1S1 days from Hamburg, via Flushing,
narrowly escaped serious damags while cross
ing the bar. The bar was breaking and navi
gation became a matter of grave difficulty.
Huge seas hurled themselves across the ves
sel's path, poked their massive bulk under her
hull and sent the Nal soaring skyward.
Despite the wheelsman's skill, an occasional
wave struck the vessel and Jarred her frame
from end to end. As she staggered on through
the boiling waters the breakers Increased in
size. Four big seas in rapid succession piled
over the Nal's bulwarks and for an exciting
Interval the decks were covered with water
rail-high and sailors, caught in the flood, were
hanging to brace and stay to save themselves
from being drowned on deck or washed away
with the overflow. Wliatever was movable
on the Nal' s deck went overboard, but no seri
ous damage was sustained, and the four seas
were all that boarded her.
Falls Down Hold of Coal Barge.
Thomas Kyer. a longshoreman, who lives at
2617 Harrison street, received fatal, injuries
Yesterday by falling into the hold of a coal
barge moored alongside the steamship Gaelic
at tho Pacific Mall wharf. Kycr was standing
near the open hatch superintending the weigh
ing of a bucket of coal. As he leaned over to
read the scale Indicator his feet slipped and
he plunged through the opening. In addition
to a compound fracture of the right leg, he
eustalned a fractured skull, and no hope of his
recovery is entertained. He was- taken to the
Harbor Hospital and from there removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital.
Small Boy Run Over.
William Brltton, a small boy who lives at
2120 O'I'arrell street, was knocked down and
run over yesterday at the corner of Market
and Montgomery streets. His Injuries, which
were extensive and serious, were treated at
the Harbor Hospital. Louis Tanguy was the
driver of the wagon responsible for Britton's
injuries. The wagon is owned by the Vienna
Bakery, 133 O'Farrell street.
Another Long Tow for Dauntless.
The Spreckcls' tug Dauntless, Captain Shea,
left Friday for Eureka to bring down the
steamer Redondo, which, a few days ago,
stripped the blades from her propellor by strik
ing a log alongside the wharf at the Humboldt
port. The Redondo took a cargo of lumber and
a new propellor Is waiting her here. The
Dauntless has proved a great success and her
services are In demand for long ocean towB.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Theo
dor. 25 per cent; Martaban. 90 per cent;
Robert Rickmers. 15 per cent; Dochra, 30 per
cent.
N'EWS OF THE jOCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The steamer Rosecrans was cleared yester
day for Honolulu via Gavlota with 378.000
gallons crudo oil In bulk, valued at $12,600.
The steamer Argyll cleared for Kahulul yes
terday with 980.0U0 gallons crude oil In bulk,
valued at *34,300.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The bark W. B. Flint was cleared yester
day for Makawell via Eleele with an assorted
merchandise cargo, valued at $46,120, and In
cluding the following: 305 bbls flour, 4977
ctls barley, 858.983 lbs bran. 25 ctls oats, 500
lbs 2 cs meals, 6500 lbs salt, U'J ctls corn, 14,
311 lbs middlings, 2120 lbs lard. 1635 lbs
sucar, 4440 lbs beans, 2227 lbs bread, 260 cs
canned goods, 1070 lbs hams. 50 cs and 10
half bbls salmon, 740 lbs codfish, 51 bxs paste,
712 gals vinegar, 14 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 570 lbs tea, 25<S lbs cheese, 750 lbs
butter, 105 ctls wheat, 80 crts potatoes, 20
crts onions, 69 ctls corn, 1700 gals 1 cs wine,
27 gals brandy, k8 cs whisky, 55 casks beer,
150 lbs hops, 20 cs dried fruit, 15 bxs fresh
fruit, 22,093 ft lumber. 682 pes structural
steel (valued at $11,000), 125 bxs soap, 8 cs
cigars and tobacco, 10 pkgs paints and oils,
1' cs dry goods. 700 bdls shingles, 1100 gals
distillate. (U0 cs coal oil. 3195 lbs soda. 8~8O
lbs starch, 4jlrums gasoline, 18 bars steel, 142
colls rope, 59 carboys add, 183 sks coal, 3600
lbs cement. 250 tons fertilizer.
The barkentlne S. G. Wilder cleared for
Honolulu yesterday with an assorted cargo,
valued at $29,401, and Including the following:
2373 ctls barley, 4910 lbs bran, 31,096 lbs mid
dlings, 8 ctls corn, 1080 cs canned goods, 53
gals 25 cs whisky, 14,120 lbs tobacco, 1184
gals vinegar, . C542 lbs bread, 125 cs mineral
water, 37 ctls oats, 293 ctls wheat, Slrt bales
hay, 14,273 lbs beans, 17,500 lbs salt, 59,031
lbs sugar, 2415 gals 4 cs wine, 17 pkgs sewing
machines, SO cs 29 bbls oil, 11 cs hats, 25 cs
matches, 27 cs boots and shoes, 8 pkgs dry
goods, 200 cs 200 kegs blasting powder, S00
pkgs sewer pipe. 71 bales paper bags, 25 tons
coke. *
Exports by tho Panama Steamer.
The steamer Newport, which sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Mexico, valued at $1628: Central
America. $33,060; Panama. $2939: Colombia,
$217; New York. $26,617. The leading exports
were as follows :
To Mexico — 208 gals wine,, 14 cs wl. -ky. 7 cs
.j-ms and ammunition, 4 cs machinery, 2 pkgs
paints, 500 lbs soda, 61 cs salmon, 3 cs canned
goods. 3 pkgs groceries and provisions. 10
kegs blasting powder, 1 cs fuse. 1 coll rope.
To Central America— 3701 bbls Hour. 82 cs
whisky, 1 cs alcohol, 456 gals 30 cs wine.' 1 cs
liquor. 1 cask beer. 1350 lbs dried fruit. 940
lbs lard, 6 cs mineral water, 685 lbs ham and
bacon, 23 pkgs fresh vegetables, 220 crts po
tatoes, 66 pkga groceries and provisions. 8 cs
salmon, ft pkgs table preparations, 71 cs
canned goods. 600 lbs raisins. 10 pkgs fresh
fruits. 6410 lbs tpices, 650 lbs coffee, 297 lbs
cheese. 070 lbs nuts. 614 lbs bread, 449 lbs
tea. 8 bales cotton, 8 pkgs dry gdods. . 88 flsks
quicksilver, 75,105 lbs cement, 9508 lbs soda, »
bdls bags. 2 cs add, 2 pkgs machinery, - 00
pkgs oils, 3 bdls hose, - IS ca turpentine, 612
en coal oil. 35 cs coal tar, 82 sks coal. *2
pkgs paints. 35 kegs white lead. 12,427 ft
lumber, 13,909 lbs tallow,. 990 lbs' rosin, 10
pkgs drugs. " :
To Panama — 200 bbls flour, 899 lbs sugar, el
pkgs potatoes, 10 crts onions, 48 cs canned
goods, 7 pkgs table preparations, 12 pkgs fresh
fruit, 124 gals wine, Jio lbs meals. 431 bxs
soap, lO.SCO ft lumber, 310 lbs tobacco, 1 p^
OCEAN-GOING TUG DAUNTLESS, WHICH HAS BEEN ENGAGED TO
BRING THE DISABLED LUMBER STEAMER REDONDO FROM
EUREKA TO THIS PORT.
machinery. 2 colls ropo, 2 pkgs dry (roods, 3
pkgs groceries and provisions. *
To Colombia— 306 gals 12 cs wine and 2 pkgs
potatoes and onions.
To New York— 51,958 gals wine. 100 cs hon
ey, 8079 lbs cascara bark. 12 pkgs machinery.
15.040 lbs dry hides, 62 bales junk.
The steamer also carried 2500 lbs dried
peaches and 27 gals wine, valued at $150, en
route to Hamburg. Germany, and 812 gals
wine, valued at $150, for Peru.
• Shipping Intelligence. «
ARRIVED.
Saturday, February 8.
Stmr Whlttler, Macdonald, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 35 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 16 hours from Cas
par, bound to San Pedro, put In to land pas
senzers.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 67 hours from v ic-
Br ship St Mlrren, Sklmmon, 115 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Bark Kalulanl, Colly, 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Defender, Hellingsen, 22 daya from
Honolpu.
Schr Sophie Chrlsteneon, Ltmvaldt, ft days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Glen, Peterson, 86 hours from Iveraens
Landtnr. V
CLEARED. <
Saturday, February 6.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama, P. M.
S. S. Co.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, Kahulul. Union OH Co.
Stmr Corona, Nopander, Eureka, P. C. 8. S.
Co - - „
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas, P. C.
S. S. Co.
Stmr Oregon, Doran. Portland. O. R. & N.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Honolulu, via
Haviota. Matson'Nav Co.
Bktn S. G. Wilder, Jackson, Honolulu, Wil
liams. Diamond ft Co.
Bark W. B. Flint, Johnson, Elecls, Alexan
der & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Saturday, February 8.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. Hardy Creek.
Stmr Alcatiaz, Carlton, Point Arena,
fctmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro. ' .
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama and way
ports.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Caspar.
Etmr Pasadena, Dlxon, Eureka.
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, Queenstown.
Fr ship Verclngetorlx, Martin, Portland, Or.
Br bark Invercoe, Keith, 'Newcastle. Aus.
Br bark Invergarry, Mitchell. Sydney.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb-. 6, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 26 miles per hour.
SPOKEN,
Jan 20— Lat 1 S, long 31 W, Ft bark Jacob
sen, hence. Oct 6, for /Ipswich.
Per Ger ship Nal— Jan 9— Lat 9 N. Ions; 118
"W, Br ship Arlstomene, from Tacoma, for Val
paraiso. ' :••■•■
Per schr W. H. Smith— Feb 6— Outside Flat
tery, schr Halcyon, from Altata, for Grays
Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
REDONDO— Arrived Feb ft— Stmr Chehalta,
hence Feb 4. •
Sailed Feb 6— Schr R W Bartlett, for Ta
coma. ■
TATOOSH— Passed • In Feb 6— Br stmr Wel
lington, hence Feb 3, for Ladysmlth. Passed
out— Stmr James Dollar, ■ from Seattle, for
Valdcs; stmr Edith, "from Tacoma, for San
Francisco.
Passed out Feb 6 — Br stmr Aorangi, from
Vancouver, for Sydney.
Passed ; Feb 6 — Stmr ' Rainier, hence- : Feb 3
for Seattle; stmr Mackinaw, hence Feb 3, for
Tacoma. '
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb ': ft— Schr. VT.' H.
Smith, hence Jan 26. •
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 5 — Stmr North Fork,
hence Feb 3; stmr Pomona,- hence Feb 4.
Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr .- Noyo, hence Feb 4;
stmr South Bay, ) hence Feb 4; < schr Ottlllle
Fjord, from Topolobampo; schr Allen A, from
Kahului.
Sailed Feb 6— Stmrs San Pedro, . Eureka.
Iaqua and Phoenix for San. Francisco; tug
Dauntless, with stmr Redondo In tow, for San
Francisco. -:-y, - -
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived F«b ft— Schr
Olga, from Topolobampo; Inward, schr W. H.
Smith, from San Pedro, for Seattle.
Arrived Feb ft— Ship J. B. Thomas, from
Honolulu. • ■ : ■ ■
HADLOCK— Sailed Feb ft— Bktn J. M. Grif
fith, ' fur San Pedro. ' t^ffcjiliisjH*W|iiilJIHil11 I "qj
PORT HARFORD — "Sailed" Feb ft— Stmr
Eanta Cruz, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Feb ft— Br ship
Nile, from Tacoma, for Valparaiso.
; CTJOS BAY— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Empire,
hence Ftb 3. . • stottSBRnNSKsl
Bar bound Feb 6^-Stmr Arcata, for San
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Feb 6— Schr Okan
ocan, for Manila.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Rival,
hence Feb 3.
Arrived Feb 6 — Schr Novelty, hence Jan 26.
NEAH BAY— In port Feb C— Schr Golden
Shore, from Anacortes, for San Francisco.
BALLARD — Arrived Feb 6— Schr Ethel
Zane. from San Pedro.
Sailed Ifeb tt— Schr Balboa, for Ban Fran-
Cisco; schr Eric, for San Pedro. '
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Leelanaw*
hence Feb 2.
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Victoria, for Hongkong;
bktn Quickstep, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 5— Stmr Cen
tralla. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— galled Feb 6— Stmr National
City, for Son Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Green
wood, from Ventura; bark Haydn Brown, from
Astoria; stmr Marshfleld, from San Diego, and
sailed for San Francisco.
Sailed Feb 6 — Schr Winslow, for Redondo.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 6— Bark Marlon
Chllcott. for San Francisco; stmr Oregonlan,
for Kahulul.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE- BREAKWATER— Passed Feb
B— Br bark Mashond, from Caleta Buena, for
Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb ft— Stmr Indiana, '
from Seattle.
GRANTON, CONN.— Launched Feb 6— Stmr
Dakota, for Great Northern Railroad.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MONTEVIDEO— Soiled Jan 19— G«r stmr
Uarda, for Hamburg.
PENANG — Sailed Jan 10 — Ger stmr Nubia,
for New York.
SUEZ — Sailed Feb S — Br utmr St Beds, for
Manila.
VENTNOR— Passed Feb 4— Br ship Wan
derer, from Antwerp, /for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Feb 6— Jap
ntinr AkI Maru, from Seattle.
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived Feb ft— Br etmr
Clavering,, from Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Bovlc.
from Llveroool.
•Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Etrurla, for Liverpool;
stmr Prinzessln Victoria Lulse, for St. Thom
as; stmr St. Louis, for Plymouth; stmr Bel-'
gravia. for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Sibe
rian. fronT-New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Feb ft— Stmr Island,
for New York.
' NAPLES— Sailed Feb ft— Stmr Scilly, for
New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb ft— Stmr Kronland.
for New • York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Etaten
dam, for New York. j,
HAVRE— Sailed Feb ft— Stmr Ls Bretagne.
for New York. ■ '■ '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr St.
Paul, for New York.
HONGKONCr— Arrlvsd previous to Feb 6—
Stmr Akimaru, from Seattle, via Yokohama;
stmr Siberia, i from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu, Yokohama, etc. . .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Fsb 6 — Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco and Honolulu, for
Hongkong, etc. ; stmr Tacoma, from Tacoma,
for Hongkong.
SHIMONESEKI— Passed Feb 6— Stmr In
drapura.j'from Portland, Or., via Yokohama,
for Hongkong; stmr IndravelH, from Hong
kong, etc., for Portland, Or.' (latter not pre
viously).
GENOA — Arrived Feb 6 — Stmr Prinzess
Irene, from New York, via Gibraltar and .Na-
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb ft— Stmr Ul
tonia, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. H ' .:
CHERBOURG — Sailed Feb 8 — Stmr St. Paul,
from - Southampton, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr Lancastrian,
for Boston. ' .-/ . ."
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaL.
February 6. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
t e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. mV Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast . and : Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
. at Fort Point, entrance . to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ' . .•
NOTE — The -high and low waters occur , at
the- city front. (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later.. than at Fort Point; tha height
of tide ls tho same at both places. . ..■■_-..
SUNDAY.: FEBRUART 7.
flun ' rises .......... ......... . . . .'. . . . . ... .7:00
Sun sets 5:39
Moon rises.... ...0:00 a. m.
0 Time Time Tlme| Time
5. Ft. Ft. — — i Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W| L W
7 3:581 5.5 10:27 1.4 4:46 3.9 10:03 2.1
8 4:50 5.5 11:37 1.2 6:12 -3.8 11:08 2.5
9 5:47 5.5 12:50 O.7 7:32 3.7
L. W H W Li W H W.
30 0:14 2.9 6:46 6.4 1:49 0.4 9:44 3.8
11 1:17 3.0 7:41 5.5 2:40 0.1 9:42 4.3
12 2:16 3.1 8:34 6.5 3:27 0.0;10:23 4.4
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column aud the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: ths
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when th<>re are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given aro la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes, the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tha meaa
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . | From. I Du*.
G. Dollar Seattle Feb. 7
San Pedro Mumboldt Feb. 7
Iaqua Humboldt Feb. 7
Arcata Com Hay A Pt. Orford Feb. 7
Chas. Nelson. .Portland & Astoria Feb. 7
tan Mat eo Tacoma 'Feb. 7
Texan New York via Coronel. Feb. 7
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb. "
TUanla Nanaimo |P* eb - *
Centennial Seattle * Tacoma Feb. 8
TellUB Oyster Harbor Feb. 9
Ccntralla Gray* Harbor jFtb. 8
Stat« of C&l... San Dl«»o A Way Pts.Feb. 8
Pomona Humboldt IFeb. 8
Edith .' Tacom» Feb. 9
Porno Point Arena & Albion. . jFeb. 9
North Fork. , Humboldt jFeb. 8
O. W. Elder. . . Portland A Astoria iFeb. 9
Mera Seattle Feb. 9
8. Monica Orays Harbor IFeb. 9
Arctic Humboldt Feb. ID
S.Barbara Seattle A Olyrnrla T>b. 10
San Jose New York via Panama. ; Feb. 10
Cooa Bay Pan Pedro * Way Pts. .IFeb. 10
Elizabeth Coautll- River ! F»b. 10
Kureka Humboldt Feb. 1 1
Corona Humboldt Feb. 11
Wyefleld .Nanaimo Feb. 1 1
Chehalis JHan Pedro Feb. 11
M. Dollar San P^dro Feb. 11
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Feb. 11
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports iFeb. U
Nevadan Honolulu A Kahu] ui. . . I Feb. It
Point Arena. . ..Mendoclno A Pt. Ar na'Feb. 11
Santa Rosa San Diego * Way Pts.!Feb. 11
Chico !<"Y>nu111» River F?b. 12
Oregon Portland * Astoria.... Feh. 14
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma F. b M
K.inta Cruz Newport A Way Ports. Feb. 14
Rainier .Seattle 4 Whatcom Feb. U
Clavering Hongknir v. Manianlllo Feb. 13
Alameda Honolulu 'Feb. lri
T'matilla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1«
China China A Japan ! Feb. lfl
City Panama.. New York via Panama. !Feb. 17
TO SAIU
. Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Plw.
February 7.
Alliance.... Eureka tc Coos Bay 2 pm Pier 18
S. Rosa Fa n Diego & Way. » am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 6
Curacao Mexican Ports..... 10 am Pier 11
Oregon...... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
„ „. , Tebruary 8. |
C. Nelson... Lo, Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Centralla.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
February 9. |
G. Llndauer. Astoria £ Portlandf 5 pm Pier 8
Newburg. ... Grays Harbor I 4 pmjPler IV
S. Crux Newport & Way... 9 amlPler 11
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
February 10. I I
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Tier 2
Arcata .?oos B. & Pt. Orfrd 4 pmJPier 13
Gaelic China & Japan 1 1 pmlPler 40
Queen Puget Sound Portalll am! Pier 9
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
San Pedro... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ./> 1:30 p Pier 0
February 11. ,
Elizabeth... Coqullle River I 5 pm Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. ( 5 pm Pier 20
Maripoja Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier .2
State Cal.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
February 13. |
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Mera .-jHamburg & Way.|12 m| Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm '; Pier 20
February 13. I
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pmjPler 2
Arctic .Humbol.lt 2 pmfpier 2
City Para... n\ y. via Panama. 112 mlPler 40
Rival Willapa Harbor. ..| 4 pm| Pier 20
Coos Bay.... San Pedro St Way.| 9 ami Pier 11
February 15. I |
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia! 4 pmlPler 2
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports.lll amlPler 9
February 16. I
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pmlPler 2
February 18.
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul. 2 pm Pier 23
Jeanie Seattle A Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcm 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. IFeb. 10
Farallon jSkagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Cottage City. . iSkagway & Way Ports. Feb. 12
Dirigo jSkagway & Way Ports. Feb. 18
Santa Ana.... ICooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 18
■ ♦ «
Europe loses 86,592 lives a year by ac
cidents, and 86,000 die from similar
causes in the United States.
Benners — That doctor must be some
thing of a Joker. *
Jenners — Why?
Benners — He Just gave me some chill
medicine with directions to shake well
before taking:.
■ m ■ '
"We've never had any saloons In our
part of the city."
"Yes, and we never missed them in
the good old days when we made New
Year's calls."
SATT.WAY TBAVZL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
LEAVES DAiLY |
at !);"O a. m., through in 3 daya, 1
with dlaer and* all trappings. if
Other Santa re Trains:
li^n*- ™'V for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p'.m'J Merced - Hanford and Visalli:
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
ticket orriCES— 641 Market St. anA
Terry Depot, S. F. Alao 1113 Broad.
way. Oakland, Cal. 27 South Pint
St.. San Jose.
■~~ ™ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally — 7:00. r»0O
fl:00. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. »:ia l^ia*
5:15. 0:15. 7:0O. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p.- m
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:29, 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35, ii : ob
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45
8:45, 10:20 p. ra.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9-55
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 6:05. 6:05*
7:05. 9:00. 10:33 p. m. " • -
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a, m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptcd)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. . -
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
~E5i^~"~ li»ifrutiil»TwTj Arrive
SaaPrandsc*) fretrfltokstH San Fran rise*
' 'Week - Sun. .■_^bbb» Sod- Week'
.Days, daya >j«»3wlk days Dayv
•lltti '8:00a j^Hgia 12:Oftrf5749
*!:45r 9:00a EgC ggHrigg l«35r »:50r
ft:l»F 1O:OOa TCMfMgy S:(OrS:SOp
11:OOa >g£j2Sgr 4:5Or *:«•»
— .in. l:48r XyiSjr 5:5»r .
■ ■ -3:lSf W/ T;«n. ....
, **—s1 wift »tH»lr * Wssissa TOwrts^
nCTJI 1 626 Ma*x*t ST.,(Nortb Shore Railroad
■HOB ) and Savsauto Fsxar. Foot Market 9C
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Line. Toot of Market Street.!
Isats - Fsom Kksbuast 1. l*M- - -mMT»_
~7.00a TmcaTlIle. W later*, itumser-.... 7£Qr
7$U Benlcls. Sulsun. Klmlrs sod Sscrs-
7J0a VsJ*eJo? Nsr^'"CslYstossI Santi
' Hoi*. Msrtloei, 8*n Ramon B-ZOP
7J0a NHes. LlTermore. Tracy. Lstirosw
Btoekton irirV *" LV
1.00* 6b»«» Express— (Vl» Darls*.
vr Ilium, (for Bartlwt Springs).
Willows. tPruto. Ked BluXt.
Portland. Tscousa, Seattle 7.BW
I 00a D*Tts,Woo«Usnd.Kalghts Lauding. _ _«_
MarysTllie. Orotllle . 7-50»
■ 30a Pen Costs. Martinez. Aatiocn.
Byron. Trscy. Stockton. New-
man. L°-» lUaoa. Mend Ota.
Armoaa. Hanford. Vlialla.
Porterrtll* •- y~«' 4-2C* 1
■ Mi port Cotta, Martinet, Tracy. Latb-
*^ rop. Modesto. Merced. ?re"°.
Gosaea Junction. Usnford,
VUilIa. Dskewfleld 4.50*
i.30* Klles, Ssn Jose, Llrennore. Stock-
tonV(tMIlton). Ionr. Sacramento,
PUeerrin*. Marj.Tllle. Cblco.
nod Biuff •- 4.20*
I t4DA oakM.^Chinese. -«--•
0 00a A?!»nW.xpre,.-O g den»BdE«.t. 11.20*
8J0A Richmond, Marline, snd Way
Lathron. Stockton. Merced.
ssrBAJKissss.%aa:
a— »SK5MWS/*»sss : Hg
w sssrss; "bs^ 1 "*
. vf oodim-l. Knights Landing.
MarrsTUle. Ororllle and way 1Bgff%
MOP HlywartuiiuesandVay Itittu! ™0»
ttor Fort Cost*. MsrUnez. Byron,
* Trsey. Lstbrop. >■•*••«£
Merced, Fresno sad Wsy SU-
tlon* beyond Port Cotta..... ... 1220*
MOr Martinez. Trscy. S:oekto« •• tod» 10-20*
4A0t Martlaes,SanIUmoa.VaUeJ«Jtana»
Cailstoga.8«ntaBos*. v ..... ... 8.2J*
4 00r Nllei, Tracy. Stockton, Lodl ...... 4-|o>
8C0r The Owl Limited— Newmsn. Los
Bsnos, Mendota. Fresno, Tulara,
Btkersfield. Los Anzeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los An?elef, for Ca>
eago, Tta C. R. I. *P .5'52i
tJCCr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 1 ??2*
t530* Hayward. Ntles and San Jose _~. 7.20*
S.00F Hayward. Nllei and Sao Jo»e 3 50a
S.OOp Eaatern Etprest— Ogden. DenTer,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Esau Port Costs, Benlcla, 8ul-
sun, Elmlrs, Darts, Sacramento,
Roekltn. Auburn, Colfsx,
Truckee, Boca. Beso. Wads-
werttt. Wlanemueea *.Z0»
•.00t Vallelo. dally, except Sands/.... » 7.50,
7.00* Vallejo, Sanday only I
7.00* Klchmond. Ban Pablo. Port Cotta,
'" . Martinez snd Wsy SUtlons 11.23a
»|.C5r Oregon A Callfornls Express— Bao-
• ranento, Mary.vllle. Reddlac
Portland. Puget Sound snd Ban. 8.50a
§.10» Hsywsrd. Niles snd Baa Jose (3na-
dayonly) 11-50* ■
'•M5a Newark. CenterrOIe. Saa Jose,
Feltoa, Booloer Creek. AaaU
Cru» snd Wsy Stations 5 W»
tSAir Newark. Ceaterrllle. Sti Joae,
New Alm»dea.Loi Gsto*,7eltoa,
Boulder Creek. Santa Croi aad
Principal Way Stations ttO.5 $*
4.15* Newark. Saa Jose. LoaQstosaaaJ 18.53a,
way stations I tiOoa*
W ZOr Banters Train, Saturday only, flsa
Jose aad Way Statloni. Return-
Ing from Lo* Gatos Sanday only. 17 Z5P
' OAKLAND HARBOR FEPmr.
Prem SAnVraN CISCO. Foot of Market St. 1 31!:>O
— 17:15 S:CO 11:00 a.«. 1.00 3X0 B.ISp.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t*:0O 13:01
t3:03 l»:00 a-m. 12.00 200 4-COr.M.
COAST LINE (Brosd «as«e).
fW (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a 8anJo»e snd Way Stations 6-3Qr
7.00a Ban Jo«e sad W»y SUtlons 5 38r
8.00a New Almaden (Tuet.. Fr!d.. only). 4.10*
■■00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose,
Gilroy (connection for Bollls-
ter). Pajaro. CattroTllIe (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Psct&c Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Bobies. Sanu Mar-
garita. Ban Lnls Oblspo, principal
•tstlons thence Surf (connectloa
for Lompoc). principal ststtons
thence Santa Bar b»ra.S«n Baens-
Tentura, Saugns. Los Angeles... 10.43*
0.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Capitola.
SantaCraz^PacineGroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lnis Oblspo and Principal
Way SUtlons 4.10*
10.30a Ban Jose snd Wsy SUtlons 1.237
1140a Santa Clara, San Jois. Los Gatoi __„
and Way Stations 7.30*
1.20? Ssn Jose and Way Stations 838*
8.00* Del Monte Kxpreaa— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Del Monte, Monterey.
Paelflc GroTe (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Cm, Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
st Gilroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. st CajtroTllle for Salinas. 12.1 B>
2-SOp Tres Plnos War Paasenser 10 45*.
430r Ban Jose and Way Statloni tS-OO*
tSOO* San Jose, (t1» Santa Clara) Los ,
Gatos. and Principal Wsy Star
Uons (except Sanday) t9.C8A
ib-50* San Jote and Principal Way Stations 19.40a
6-CCr Sunset Limited.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Ssllnas.Pato Kobles,
Esn Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlntr. El P«ta.
Hew Orleans. Xew York. Con-
necu at Pajaro for Saata Cms
•nd at CattroTin* for Paclllo
Grore snd Way Stations 7.10*
tfi.ifir San Mateo. Bereifora.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPartr. Palo Alto I3.43v
t 30p 8sn Jose and Way SUUons.. ....... 8-39*
8 00* Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15*
11.30r booth San Francisco, Milibrae, Bar-
llngsme. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Memo Psrk. and Palo Alto 9.43*
•11-30* Msyfleld, Mountain View. Sassy-
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose tS-45*
A for Morning. P for Af teraooa.
ISnaday excepted. J Sunday oal*.
a Saturday only.
I Stops at all lutlons oa Sunday.
Br~Oulj train* itopptag at Valencia 8b tovtabtoad
ireS:10A.K.,":(XU.*.. 11:3) *..x..3::0r.*- •:»*.*. aai
t-.oor.tu
CALIFOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AHU NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COatPAJTS*.
Tinuron rerry, root of Market Street.
SAW rKANCZSCO TO BAIT SAPAEX*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O. ll:0O a. m.; I2:3o.
3:30, 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extxa trip
at 11:30 p. ra.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— «:W. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
G:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT EAPAEL TO 8AZT CTLAZTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:60. »:20, U:l»
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40. 5:0O, 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:sa. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |3an Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- I Week
Daya. [ days. ) tlon. f days. ] Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~ 0:10 al 8:40 a
0:3O a Ignaelow 10:4O a 10:2© a
6:10 p 5:00 p 7.33 £f
7:30 a . «* 0:10 cf 8:40 a
• <.«. 8:0 ° * Novato. 10:40 a!lO:2O a
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma I 6:05 pf 8:20 p
5:10 p| 3:30 p and / 7:35 pf
I 6:00 p Santa Kosa. | |
7:30 * „ - |10:4O a!lO:2O a
8:30 p its; FuItoa - / 7;m pj «*> p
I ' "Windsor. I 1
7:30 a 8:00 a) Healdsburg. 110:40 a 10 20 a
1 I Lytton. I 1
8:30 p 3:30 p| GeyservlUe. 1 7:35 D «-•» .
_ \ Cloverdale. | j m
7:30 al 8:00 a! llopland llO-4ft artA-wt .
3:30 pi 3:30 p| and Ufclah. | TiaSffig *
7:.-U) a| 8:00 a| TfUllta. TT:35 p| 6:y> p
'7:30 al 8:00 al ~~ ~~ I10-4O »iin.»n _
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Guernevllle. l*?^ *j 10 :^ *
sis a sis a
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Sa-i
Qaentln: at Santa Rosa for Wntta Siinh?,.
Springs: at Fulton foryUtrwria and Mark wi.^
Springs; at Lytton foiTLvjton^Sprlngs"at c£y
servllle for Skasgs Sprin/s; at CloverrtaU t~Z
the ajysera. Boonevlll, S an d OrWnw^if. ?
Hoplard for Duncan Springs II!*htaSd pSitiJl*
Keiseyvillo. Carlsbad Spring,. Sort. eSI^S:
port and Bartlett Springs- at Ukith /f; £?w
Spring.. Saratoga Spring,; Bin. L&w'lV'iX
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake' pSST* 1
Potter Valley. John Dny. Riwraldi t i?SZ 0 '
Buckneir*. Sanb-drln Heights j™ ulI tniVn^**
Hot Spring. Halfway House"" Comptche * a£Z
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City Fort n™?* *
Wextport. Usal: st Willits for Fort b2S*
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covellcf if 5H' .
vllte. Cumminirs. Bell', Springs/ Ilarrl?*^*
Ed"Y5£S. GarbervIU «- 1 ;
ductd" raws. 1 * SUadaT nraoa - trt P «<*•* at r«-
On Sunday mun<J-trtp tickets to all «n»«».
beyond Sar, Rafael at half rat's. "?,**»«■
buTwinV. C "* K ° Market *««.. Chronic!.
II. C. VniTINO. R. x. RTAV
Pen. Manager. Cen.^pSI^^.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall street stocks about the same. Cotton still lozver.
Fair Saturday business on the local stocjz exchanges.
Silver cud Exchange as previously Quoted.
Local bank clearings about $2,ooo,oco behind last year.
Wheat and Barley quiet and weak, ozring to the rain.
Oats, Corn and Rye firm, but not active.
Brar. and Middlings in very slender supply and firm.
Hay steadily held, zrith the market quieter.
Large transfers of Pink Beans reported.
Butter and Eggs continue to ease off, and Cheesczveak.
Great damage to Eastern Peach orchards by cold reported.
Improzing demand for Dried Fruits in New York.
Provisions firm here, but easy at Chicago.
No further change in Wool. Hops and Hides.
Livestock market not yet affected by the rain.
Enormous sales of Coffee at Nczv York.
Good speculative demand for Oregon Potatoes.
Onions aiid Southern Vegetables firm.
Poultry and Game zcell cleaned up at the close.
Rainy zceathcr operating against the Fruit market.
Batik Clearings.
lyisal Eank Cleai-.r.ps dfrir.g the week Just
en<i«i were $2S.tST.7ti3. tga^nst $30,107,213
<*. -.-r-t-rg xijt corresponding week la 1S03. a de
cretse of 52.009,450. The clearings during the
•«."ae we'll la 1302 wer» J22.C90.S32.
Dried Fruiis in Nezu York.
Mail aflvice* from New York say: "For
Fav-irtiay mere business was noted than usual
a.t the endjof the week, aad the market had a
much more cheerful tone than it has shown for
«ee*s pa»t- The increasing interest In Peaches,
previously noted, continued and a stronger feel
ing was developed as a. result of reported trans
actions iniolving a considerable quantity of
«pot stocks. Amceg the saies was a lot of 1500
parkages extra choice at a price not made
public, but understood t» be In the Etighbcr
hood of So For Apricot* there wm a very
goes! >3bb:ng demand, with a Tew innuiries for
carioa"! lota. Views nt buyers on the latter,
however *pp«B.r to b« too much out of Ime
»ith hc'.ders 1 ideas f> admit of buElness. There
>»•«:» little, ram-ement in Prunes on Saturday
»n4 tfce cr.'iertcne of the market appeared to
b* easy. While there wif no advance la coast
prices " advice* from there- indicated a. rather
r.rrr.er ir.ne. Ra.t»ins remained dull and wwaJc
on the epot and there were no fresh develop
ments tn the <<out sunntion bo far a.« couIJ be
lfarac-3. Cumcts were quiet but steady.
fwk* of Date* en the crot are c'.ear.ir.g up
r.rvier the steady demands cf consumption, and
the market ha? a firm tone."
Flour Exports in January.
In January the erports of flour rora San
rran-:?eo by »<a were as follows:
To Barrels. Vaja**.
.-bina 32.470 $180,477
Japan 2.U.13
<lreat Britain 5.O0O 20.OO0
Hawaiian Islands 7,S»1 34.9*3
Vnhiti I»»M S.1T8
Mexico S31 3.2C4
• >-!tral America 1S.23« 76.212
Fir.araa 1.O5O 3.*>7
'V!otnfcia 47.1 2.2«
Kcuador ST-5 1,540
.~smcan Ifslarfis . — ...... 40 179
Totals 70^63 $2».01S
In Jtiauary. 1305, th* exports were 35.140
r«_rrpl*. v«Jue<! at TI-'i0.903. In that rr.cr.th '
the shipments to Chir.a m-ere unusually small,
tiring or.Ty 14.r.70 barrels, valued at *4fi."10. |
In January. 1»C th* extxirts. ercraslve W the j
-■i::pm»r.t.s \<y the Hawaiian Islands, were 16«,- ;
WiG tarrels, valued at &36.I&1.
Weather Report.
Cj^Otii Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 6 — 5 p. m.
The following are th* reasosal rainfalls to
dale, ai cempareii uith thos* cf came date last
sesion. ari'l raiafalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 2* hours, season, season.
Hurtka 0.44 23.<V> SS.M
Red BiufT ©2W 14.OS 1«.*1
Sacramecto .......... ©.f^ 5.4«$ 10.56
Fan Francisco 0.13 7.K3 10. M
Fresno 0.00 l.«6 5.52
In<ieper(lence 0.<X) r'.44 1.72
Stn Lais Ob'.sro O.O4 3.04 1«.51
L-3S Angeiea O.»> l.«l S.21
E*a I>.fcga 0.4S 1-31 8-69
THE COAST RECORD.
t: Z — 1 a *!
I H zl z* •• -
3 == gi <= %o «
8TATIOK3. 2. h% *§ =§ =■" p
.- •" V ?■ ? f
' c s . - a
: 3 » : • :
Baker 2»54 22 20 NE OouCy TTi
"arson a».7« 34 6 S Snow Tr.
Eureka 29. SS 4S 40 VT Cloudy .44
Fresno 30.00 82 34 FB Cloufly .00
Flagstaff 29. S3 32—2 W Pt. CICy .00
Point B>-j-e»--.2»-&4 50 43 W Cloudy .16
Pccaiello 29.74 30 £0 £B Cloudy .C3
Ir.iepeaaenc* .29.78 44 2« S O«ar .00
I>o« Angeles.. 30.04 M 4S SW Clear .30
Mt Tama!?als.2a.91 41 22 NW Cloudy .50
Ncrta He*d...r»..V) 44 40 W Cloufiy .20
Karallon 2».»2 T2 4*'. ItfW Rain .14
P>.oesix 30.00 tA 40 NW Pt.Clciy .00
Portland 23. M 42 40 SW Cloudy .24
Ked Bluff £9.74 SO ~*2 NE Clear .20
RcMburg 29.70 42 40 BW Rain .58
Sacramento ..23.8S 4S 3<5 S Cloudy .04
Fait Lake 23.82 SO 22 EE Cloujy .US;
fan Franc!sco.29.»4 C2 &2 W Rala .12
Fan L Obisso.30.0<J C2 42 8 Cloudy .02 i
Faxs Diego 80.06 M 44 SW Clear. .48 I
Seattle 29. 4« 44 33 S Cloudy .9
f^rxkaae 23.50 38 SO 8 Fnow .12
-atooeb 23.40 42 3.S SW Rain .:;8
Walla Wall*.. 28-50 44 34 F Cloudr .00
Wirinesnucca .29.6* 34 14 SW Fr.ow Tr.
Ytizzm. 23.63 €3 42 S Oar .00
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
AnotheT stcrm appeared en the Washington
"cast asd txi coved rapidly southeastward. I
resettled weather prevails over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Sncw
is '■■ '. .:r.r in Nevada and showers have occurred j
•n Central and Northern California.
Th« temperature fcas risen siowly In, Southern
California. .
Tl>e following maximum wind velocities are
r«?r>crte<l: North Head. 34 miles, from the
n-est; Wlznemucc*. 30 miles, frca the south-
W< Korecast maie at Saa Francisco for thirty
hours rnCizis midnight. February 7:
Northern California— Unsettled weather Sun
is,? «,-ith rain: brisk to tigh southerly winis.
S^cthern CaHrorclau— Sboti ers Sunday; freua
•oatherly winis.
Nevada— tnow Sunfiay: «rner.
Eaa Francisco and vicinity— Encwere Sun
day; brisk southwest winds.
A. G. ilcADIE. Dietrirt Forecaster.
EASTERN 3IARKETS. j
Nczv York Money Market.
XJTW TORJC Feb. «. — Clo«e — Morey on call
r-is "nomisal; no loans; time loans, firm; tix'T
(".*}-«, 3V>€* Pf ce:it: ninety days, 4§4Vi P«r
cent; six months. 4U«1% percent. , ,} -
Prlsia rr.ercinUle paper — *?i35'i per cent.
Btczttss «tchacp»! — Steady, with actual busi-
BC9M in bankers' bill? at »I.S5C5S4.S3C0 for de-«
r..aad tnd ct $*>2K v ?T4.Kr{ for sixty fiaya.v V.
■-'■: ntri, ti ■- .-.v > <••■:,.
rcmmfrcial bill* — ?4 B2C4 b2tt
i'.tr rilver — W*c.
Ucxlcan dollar*— *Zc.
Buntf* — Covwnncnta, steady; railroads, easy.
. .,■.-!
NEW TORK .STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sil**. Hlcfa. Low. Clow,
Atrhicon 13.«» «3 • e7T, -€SK
Atrhifcon pfd TOO S»tt K» K>*J
naltimorv & Ohio.. 10.500 ei«4 S0% Rl%
Bait & Ohio pfd l»l
Canadian Pa-Ific... 1.200 UT UC^i
rta d Nt* >•»■» !•'"
Chesapeake & Ohio. 200 S3 32'; .*?t T i
( >i,-i S o U Alton... 5,0»> 4« CS .T5*i
Oil & Alwn pfd... 100 M=4 Sl% »»
r-hl Great Western. 400 15% 15^4 IS 1 ,!
rbisw»*N W-- 1 '* t I" le3 - X<i»%
Chi. Mil *i Et Pawl. 6,'JOO 142 141 Vi 142 |
<:, m tk at r pfd i7(i
Cfcl Tern & Trass. MO JO* ' »% 10 ,
CbX T * T gii •••• ♦••• — >*i
,C,C, CtSt Louis. 100 78 78 73
Colorado Southern. COO 17 16% 16%
! Colo Scuth 1st prd 54
! Colo South 2J pM 24
i Delaware & Hudson 1,000 16O% 159 I6OV4
I Del. Lack & West 2wS
i Denver & Rio G... 300 204 20Vi 2" l i
! Den & Rio G pfd.. 2W«> t"94 684 iZ>\
I Erie 5,300 2t>^fc 2l>4 2«4
! Ert« 1st pfj 1.5O<) C4»i 64V * U4*
I Erie 2d l rf"l l«0 444 44 4 444
I Hocking Valley 74
1 Hocking Val pfd S2H
. Illinois Centra! 1,000 12SH 127 T » 12S%
Iowa Central W'a
: Iowa. Central pfJ 37
K C Southern 1SV4
1 K C Southern pfd 34
Louis & Nash 2.000 1044 1»4 104 «4
Manhattan L 5C0 142;* 141% 142» 8
. Meti-!tn Securities S3
Metro.TOlItan St Ry. 600 1174 H" l 17^
Minn U f-t Louis CO
:M, SlPiSSM.. 700 O0\ 534 59r*
! M, StP&PS M ptd 113
Missouri Pacific 7.0HO 81 90Vi 61
Mo. Kan & Texas. 100 1»>4 1«4 1«H
M. K & T pM.... 2<10 27 S«% 37
.Ntl RR Mex pfd.. 37
New York Central. 1.000 117T» 1174. H^*
Norfolk & Western. 1,200 53 5S* 4 5r»4
I Nor & West pfd &S
Ontario & Western. 2.200 21H 21=^ 21S
Pennsylvania 12<).mO 1164 H54 113 vs
P. C. C & St Louis C<)_
; Reading 4,900 43 42% 42 g
Reading 1st pfJ... 7!? *
Reading 2 p<4.... 200 68J4 » sl ? 5J4
Rock Island Co.... 3,<XiO 2"J^ 22% 22^
I Rock Island Co pfd 700 624 . «%
I PtL & SF 2d pfd 454
I Ft Louis S W 2<"tf 1S4 1S4 14
1 St Louis S W pM.. 1.4<"0 32% 31 s i 32?,
j Southern Pacific. .. 20. 700 47% -474 4.'*
• Southern Railway.. l.<*»0 21U 214 21>^
1 Southern Ry pfd.. 700 81^ 81 814
• Texas i Pacific.... C<X> 244 ~* 24 'J
'T Pt L & W "34
T St L & W pM 351 *
! Union Pacific 24.500 79 78«4 J»
\ 'nion raciiSc pfd »?, ,
Wabaeh 100 13 19 19 '?
■\Vabash pfd 5.5iX) 37 35% 3tt%
Wheeling & L E.. 1<*> 16^4 l«^i 1*
Wisconsin Central.. 100 19 19 »'
Wiscorsin ren pf.t
Express Cotr.panies —
Adams • f r?
'.American *;*'
1 United States J°Y
We!ls-Fargo zl1
4r^c e "o^?"~ . 22.200 46 «H 45%
AmcLrSr Foundry 200 1S« 18 J, 184
Ara Car & F afii-. l«t C74 6.4 b.Jr*
Am Cotton Oil ~*
Am Cotton Oil pfd •; —;; »2.,
Ami^pf,-::::::: ™ '£& & C
Am LinseM Oil J^
Am Un Oil pfd •••: 28
Am Lvccmotlve .. 1.3CO 20*, 204 20U
Am Loco rfd ■•• '2*
Am Sm«lt & P-ef.. 100 4S 4A 4S
Am FmeJt Jt R pfd 200 91 4 91 4 91 4
I Ara Sugar Refining 6,S<">0 124H '■Z>\ i-* 1 ?
I Anaconda Mtn Co. 6C0 M 05 JT •
! Brooklyn R Transit 13,800 40% 40 , 40^
i Colo Fuel 4 Iron.. 100 31 1, .^14 .«H
I Co-«olMated Gas.. 4.000 1S9", l«!04 1S : >4
I Corn Profiucta 100 19 IS 1»
! C«rn Products pfd J^..
I Dif tillers' P'.curities .S*
.General Electric... 2<X> 170 170 l«f v
i Intersil Paper .... 100 12 U 12'» 114
Interntal Paper pfd «
Intemtl Purcp **S
Inierntl Pump pM 'I*
Naticr-al Lea3 15
North American... 700 K% 82 KJ
Pacific Mall 200 23 2S 27vs
Peorle's Gas 400 994 09 S 91 *
Preised Ste*l Car. 100 29% »X 20%
Pr Steel Car pfd.. 100 O C3 W4
Pullmtn Pal Car -15
Republic Ste«l ... 1C0 74 74 7Vi
Republic Steel pfd 3'TO 434 434 MJi
Rubber Goo<3« 700 1&4 1S% 1S%
Rubber Goods pfd 76
Tenn Coal &. Iron. 3,400 35% 34% 354
C P Leather 300 7>-i 7% 7
U S Leather pfd... 2«) 7(5% Wtt 704
V S Realty 100 74 T4 7%
U S Realty pfd 22.000 5*i B5H t5U.
: U S Rubber 300 11 104 10%
V 6 Rui-ber pfd... 60O 47 454 37
cssteci «.«*> "H 10 *4 ll
! t; s st«l pfd ....247.CJO 564 «5i 5?
Westinghcuse Elec. 700 161 1O 161
I Western Unlcn 100 87% 67% &".
Northern Securities W%
Total sales 300.600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6. — No bend transactions
t»-<lay.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Feb. C— American Can Com
pany : . Common — Bid. $3 87 4 ; asked. $4. Pre
ferred — Bid. $33: asked. $34.
NEW YORK BONDS,
r 6 ref 2s reg-.104% L t N unified 4s. 0S%
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s. 103 Vi
Do 3s reg 1C« Mex Cer.t 4s feS'i
Do coupon.... .100 Do lei ire 14
Do new 4s reg..l32% Mien & St L 4s. 97%
Do coupon I&.M2 M. K & Tex 4s.. 97^fc
Do old 4s reg..l07 Do 2is 78
Do coupon 108 NR. of Mox con 4s 74
Atcli gen 4» 93% N Y C gen 34s.. 98
Do a'ij 4s 83 N J C gen Ss... l:U^
Atlantic C L 4s. 93% Nor Pac 4s 1054
Bal & Ohio 4s 1014 Do 3s 72
Do 34s 9* 1 * Nor & XV con 4s. 97 r -4
Central of Ga 5s.IC54 OSL 4s & rartic. 92^
Do 1st inc 71 Pa cony 3';s 30
Ches Sc. Ohio 44s.10.1H Reaxling gen 4s.. l>6Vi
Cti & Alton 3V-«- SXV4 SL & I M con 5e.li:tl4
CVi & Q new 4s. 0.5% S L & S F tg 4s. S3
CM & StPgn 4S.10S St Louis SW lsts. 9:'.%
C & NW con Ti.US'-b SeaJward A L 4s. 6S%
C R I & Pac 4s. G»% So Pac 4s Si>:~.
'Do col 5s 80 So Kailr/ay tSa.T.112%
C C.C & StLtm 4s. 9S4 Tex t Pac l3ts.HC4
<rtl Term 4s 7B4 T. 6t L & W 4s. 71
Cons Tobacco 4s. ST»4 jqi-.ion Pae 4b 102%
C K & I conv 5s. 724 I Do conv 4s O'JV*
Cclo & So 4s 8U"fc 0 S Steel 2d 5s. 72
Dm &. Rio Q 4s. 084 Wabash lsts UC%
Eric prijr Hen 4s. 9S Do deb B 634
Do gen U WH W & I. Erie 4s.. W>4
F W & D C Irts.103 Wls Ceat 4s g!»4
Hocking Val 4Us.l054
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 (Little Chief C7
Alic* l*|Ontario 4 50
Brcece lOiOphir 3 W
B*una Con 03: Phoenix ftS
Ccs: Turr.el O7|Potosi .../.17.
Coa Cal & Va... 1 50 Savage 40
Horn silver 1 20; Sierra Nev. E2
Iron Silver 1 23 .Small Hopes 20
Leadvllie Con ... C2lStacdard 2 40
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
jjcr.ey— Westing Cora 76
Call loans 3V4C4% Mining-
Time loans 4';'55 Adventure 2*4
Boada — Alloues 4'i
\tchlson 4» 9*% Amal Copper 43%
Mex Cent 4» «3 Blngham 21
Railroads — ] Calumet &Hecla.<50
Atrhlson' CSvfc -Centennial 144
Do pfd 6 9 4 Copper Range.... 42H
Eoncn & Albany .247 JDaly West 8Sg
P.oFtcn & Maine.lC8 Dom Coal ; 53
r.c*tcn Elev 152 Franklin H
NY N H & H..l!»44 ! l*l* Royale 8
Fitchburg pfd 135 Mohawk 2.-,^
Union r7cinl .... 78% Old pom ....... 8*
Mex Central 11* Osceola r,!j
Miscellaneous — I'arrot 23%
Amer i-ugar 12W Quincy 80
D O r,fd ....124U FasU Fe' Copper. 1H
Atnex TrJ *.T«1. .183^4 Tamarack ...I0O
Dom Iron «: S... 8!4 Trinity ;/. 4%
Oen EU>ciric ...:1O United States/...-. Wa,
Mjiss Eleclrlc 21 irtah ....32
Po pfd; 77 >. Victoria -....%.,.. 3Vt,
Tnitcd Fruit 08- Winoaa 5H
U S. Steel........ 11 Wolverine ....... 724
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, IDO-i.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.S7 5-16'N' Y Central 121*4
Do for acct.87 7-16! Nor 4; Western.. 130»» I
Anaconda a% Do pf d 90
Atchison 70 Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd 92 '-i Pennsylvania 58 'A
Bal & Ohio S3H Rand Hines 9%
Can Pacific 120 Reading 21%
Ches & Ohio 33% Do 1st pfd 40% I
Chi G-reat W... 16 j Thy 2d pfd 30
Chi. Mil & St P..145Si'So Railway ...... 21%
De Beers 13»i| Do pfd S4
Den & Rio G 21 So Pacific ••....- .• 4S»4
Do pfd 72 Union Pacific S0»i 1
Erie 26TJ Do p'd.:... ..,. 93
Do 1st pfd teu, U S' Steel." ... 11
Do 2d pfd.. 48 Do rfd .....56 ■.
HI Central 132' Wabash ....19«i
Louis & NaEh._10T^ Do pfd. ..1 .87
M. K & Tex.' 17%
Bar silver^ — Quiet 25 ll-16d per ounce.- f
Money— 11452 rer ce'nt.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2?iS2 7 , per cent and for three
moDths" bills 2% fi2 15-18 rer cent. ,; •
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. F«b. 6.— The ) statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of ■ this
city for the week shows: Loans, ?9';>S,I55O,SOO;
increase, $4,233,700. Deposits. $1.027. 15U.5O0; In
creaFe, $3,212.7(.«. Circulation. S41.5C9.4C0; de
crease. S2. 927.500. Specie, $205, O<56, 90»>; in
crease. $Si»,400. Reserve. $J78,e31,!)00: de
crease, $2,843,100. Reserve required. S25fi.7Sy.
125; increase, $803,175. Surplus, $21,842,175: de
crease. «.2SC,275. ex-United States deposits,
|31,0Co\100; decrease. $3.2S7,7CO.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts. t
55,100 barrels; export*. 3G,O:>0 barrels; "quiet \
but steady at last night's price. Minnesota :
patents. $4 85^5 15; Minnesota bakers, ?3 90$ ;
4 25; winter patents, $t 00^4 S5; winter :
straights, *4 35§4 50; winter extras. ' $3 25®
05 60; winter low grades. S3 0563 4O.' - i
WHEAT — IiPceipts. 13,650 bushels; spot,:
easltr; No. 2 red, 9<5c elevator; No. 2 red, 07*1 c ,
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 (Xi j
f. o. b. aflaat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, j
f. o. b. aficat. Options opened stronger on j
the> war news, but experienced a rush of prcfit- j
taking- rales which broke prices about a cent
a bushel in the first hour, helped by prsdic- I
tions of larre wcrld'n shi^raep.ts on Monday.
Near the close the market rallied on a war
rumor and closed firm at **i!??%c net lower. Hay.
9«?e»7V«c. closed Mi}4c: July. 90<4@91c, closed
OOUc: S^^tember closed S^^c.
HOPS — Firm; Sute. common to choice. 1903,
30&2Sc; 1U02. 24g2Sc: - olds. - 104E13c;. Paciflc 1
Coast. 1900. 27ST"Sc: l!>02 2i / g27c; olds. 10^15c. ;
HIDES — Firm; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 1
25c. . ; I
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, 2S^32c. f
SUGAR — Raw. • etwdy ; fair refining 2 27-r52 I
cer.trifusral, 06 test. 3 ll-lfrS'S'ic; mo- ;'
lasses supar, 2 19-32#2%c. Refined, steady; '■
No. C 4.C5c: No: 7. 4.00c: No? S, 3.95o; No. 9,
3.90c; No. 10. 3.S5c; No. 11. S.SOc; No. 12. 3.75c:
No. 13, 3.70c; No. 14.' S. 65c: confectioners' A, j
4.30c; mo-ld A. 4.S0c; cut loaf. 5.15c: crushed, J
5.15c; powdered, 4.55c; granulated, 4.45c; cubes, j
3.7CC. • r
COFFEK— Spot Rio, steady; No. - 7 invoice, |,
7 l."-16c; mlW. steady. . Cordova, . S%<S\ZV^- <
The msrket for ccfTc» -futures opened steatH' at j
an arfvar.ee of 3 to 8 pofnts on July and 5 to [
20 points en other position*, c-n mofleratebuy
ine Inspired by ftfmtr Prench cables and light- ;
er primary receipts. There was. continued liqui- ■
dalion by cctton exchange hcuses ar.d later th<* '
market eased off. soon losing all the initlil .
train. Pellinsr becain" particularly active Just
before the close, partly an a result of the fur- j
th*r reduction is package coffee ar.d in. syni- "
pathy with the continued, break in cotton
which permed' to be un?ettl!ni? conBdcnce- in
the coffee market as well, airl the cK)3e Tras
steady at a decline of 5II15 points. Sales.
lirr.otx) bars, including: March. «.ir>{rfi.4:>e;
May July. 6.7Qtf?7.<"-5c; September,
6.0o#7.25c; Decerr.ber. 7.25.R7.50.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet. Common are quoted at 4{T3c;
prime, 5^Q5Uc; chclce, 5^g«c; fancy, e^ •
C7c.
PRUNES — Continue in moderate demand, but
rule etrady with quotations ranging from 3«;C
to «»4c.
— Are in fair demand, but steady, i
Choice, WUaiO^jc; extra' choice, B\QlQ)fa:fA
fancy Il!il5c.
PEACHKP — Firm. Choice. 7^i!37*ic: extra
chclce. 7*iesV*c; fancy. itglOc.
Nezu York Cotton Market.-
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— The buying of cot
ton yesterday suppose! to be for a bull pool
in order to regain control of the market, came
to naught to-day, when a sensational break
in Liverpool, very threatening news from the '
Far East, heavy estimates and a bearish I
visible suprly statement rendered the local i
bears more ccrfMTt than ever. '
The New York market opened weak at a loss j
of 44 to 55 points, which had been Increased
tr> B2S76 points on the active months before
the call was completed, with March selling as
low as 13.8-Sc. May 14.05o and July at 14.08c. •
Following this there was extensive covering and
prices rallied a few points from the bottom,
but every trlfiine bulK* brought out fresh
pressure, and the market rule<i feverish and ir- .
regular. The New Orleans market cpaned at '
a decline of "0 to 39 points and there was
little 5i£n of New Orleans buying in the local ,
market. ', , I
Trading after the call was only moderately
active.. New Orl-ians became firmer and a cov- j
erins? movement set in here and that, in con- ■
ne-tion with local and Southern bull support. ,
raliiod the market from 3ft to 45 points. The
aJvance met very heavy selling, chiefly from
outside soirees, and in the late trading the
market was very w?*k. being finally easy at a
n»» decline of 4O to 4j points.
Closing prices were practically the lowest,
with July quoted nt 13.03c. Sales wsre esti
mated at 200,000 bales. 1
Nefo York Metal Market.
XEW YORK. Feb. 6. — The metal jr.arkets
to-<iav were reneraily qu!et. w
TIN— Firm at $27 SG$28 2r, for sr-ot. .
COPPER — Dull Lake. $12 37U5S12 H21J:
elertrolytie. $12 25t?12 5C; castlwr, $12 12»i9
12 r.7 1 -.
SPTXTEP.— QuJet at $4 BOfTSw
LEAD — Quiet 3t *4 4."^4 .10.
IRON — Dull ar.d ur.char.scd.
Exports and Imports, y
NEW YORK, Feb. fi.— Exports of drytoeds
ar.d general rnerrhantlise at Nfw York fcr the I
week were valu;d at $12,727,773.
Experts of STircit; from New York frr t.h« I
week were $€7.1.911 silver and S333,B2S ifold. |
Imrort!" c.t srecie at New York this woelc j
were |44,1S8 cold ami $35,235 silver. ;
Chicago Board" of Trade.
x
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 6.— A storm of liquidation
broke ever the fain pits to-day. In spite of
the critical situation in the Orient. Sharp
losses were sus'ainod in all cereals. The
market was unable to rally, and closing prints
were near the low point. May wheat being
oft 1 cent from lart nlsht's close. May corn
closed l%c lower, while oats were down 2^
2He. Provisions were rracticaJly unchanged.
Strength &vA activity marked initial trading
in wheat. That the war outlook was of a
most mrious nature was evidenced by a de
cline In the r.rice of Ensll«h consols. Bhorts
were active buyers at the start, and bid up
the price of the May option Vic to %c above
yesterday's close, the opening quotations be!n;j
at MV'iC to 05«4c. July was a shade to %ff%c
higher, at SCc to SC^c. But these prices Iat>ted
only a moment. There was such a quantity
of wheat for 5al?— both May and July deliver
ies — that within five minutes the price o£ May
ha<1 fallen to &l-%c and July to SV>ic This
selling craze ws» »r>cn partly exhausted. On
support from the leading Ions the market
quickly recovered part of the early loss. May
rallied to 94vic and July to SOc. Trading was
comparatively quiet durins thn remainder of
the day until within the last half hour. Com
mlMicn-hcuses continued to sell on all slight
rallies, while small holders netz;d every op
portunity to eecure profits. In the face of
fresh war rumors th« ult was delused with
fcellinr orders late in the day. There was not
enough demand to absorb the offerings and. In
consequencp. May broke to 03%c, while the
price of July was carried down to Sl'ic. The
close was extremely weak, with May at 04c,
a net loss for the day of lc. July was irjl',;e
lower, at 54 a »c. . . ■ .
About the same conditions surrounded
tradlnsr in tb» corn rlt as were VB-itnesyed In
ths wheat market. Hay closed at 5494c, a net
loas of l%c. ' . > . .
The feature in trading In oats was the weak
ness of the May delivery and the comparative
ftrenuth cf July. May closed 2©2Hc lower,
at 44\4<M4Uc
Provisions were atrcng- early. In sympathy
with higher Drices for hogs and on war news.
At t!ie clrse all tht caln 'was lost. May pork
an4 lard l.einr oil 2*4c. but riba were up 2&c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 05% 85% 03»i 04
July -;.... 88% 50% SA% f4^
Eeptentber SOH S0?i 79% • 70%
Corn No. 2— . :,.--» ''f^MMHg
February ...%.. Bl% TU% .51 "51
May ...... - . ' Mtt, --■■ • 00% • {S4% / 64%
July :. 53!s 53' /8 62 :: 52V<,
Oats No. 2 —
February ...... '.*..VX*)>««: :;.".;■ "41%
May 46& 48U 44% ' 44Ti
July 40 40% 3OV4 89%
September S3?i 34 33*, 33%
Mess Pork, ter bbl —
May 13 65 13 75 18 57 H 13 57^
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 65 7 67*i 7 50 7 52^4
July 7 70 7 70 7 55 7 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 6 82*S 6 85 8 77% 6 80
July 0 97% 6 67% 6 9O 6 92%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; winter patents, $4 15©
4 30; straights. $3 S5@4 10: spring patents.
$4 10*?4 50: straishts, ?3 7O®4; bakers'. $3@
3 40; No. 3 spring wheat, SO®83%c; No. 2 red,
02%©97*ic; No, 2 corn. 50»ic; No. 2 yellow,
50?ic; No. 2 cats. 4l%QiV,ic<; NoA2 white.
4^i@45»4c; No. 2 rye. ei&c; good feeding
barley. 39@40c; fair to choise malting. 48^
5Sc: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 11; No. 1 North western.
?1 18; prime timothy seed, $3 13; mess pork,
per bbl. «13 G0©13 62%; lard, per 100 lbs.
*7 30$7 S7»i; short ribs sides (loose), $6 GO®
6 75f short clear sides (boxed), $G 75$je S7%;
whisky, . basis of high wines, $127; clover,
contract grade, - J10 75® H. • ti :_
. Articles— : . . Receiptsi Shipments.
Flour, barrel 21,000 16,000
"Wheat, bushels . . . .■ ... 52.70O ' 29,200
Corn, bushels 192,300 206,Iit>0
Oats, bushels 172.100 116,700
Rye. bushels 0.700 7,800
Barley, bushels 03,500 3,600
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creamery, 15Q24c; dairy, 13%@20c; eggs,
weaker at mark, cases ■ Included, 27®°9c
cheese, steady, »%610%c. '
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
SCO; nominal; gocd to prime steers, $4 90^5 60;
poor to medium, $2 25@4 SO; stockers and feed
ers. $2 2of?4 15: cows, $1 50JH 25; heifers
5i®4 50: . cannors. $1 50@2 40; bulls, »2&4
calvts. $2@7 23.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 13,0CO; Monday 45,-
OOJ; mixed and butchers. $4 75.35 05; good to
choice heavy, *4 Oo^S 10; rough heavy $4 80
<?M 85;. light, $4 SOfei 80; bulk of sales" SI 75
SHEEP— Receipts, 20CO;* sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $4@4 60; fair to
choice mixed. 53 75@4: Western sheep. $3 755}
0 75: native lambs. $IQ5 S5;- Western lambs,
$5 £5t?6 10. • • '
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures'. '
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat — ■ March; May.
Opening 6 4% 6 3%
Closing 6 4»4 6 3%
PARD5.
Wheat — Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 2120 21.15
Closing ..'. 21 20 21 35
' Flour —
Opening 29 25 2S 00
Closing • • ?. . 20 20 2S i90
St.'Louis Wool Market.
■ ST. LOUIS. Feb. .6. — Wool, nominal. Medl
•um' grndM. combing actl clothing. 17621c:
M«ht -fine. 15&17Hc; heavy Rax. 12*J14V4c; tub
washed. 20tj3Oc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, ,-Waah/. F^b. e.^-Clearings. $J09,-
CS7; balances, ?123,C9S. . ■ ■
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. '6.^-Clearings'," $322,
01ft: balanop'. $S2,107. ■ ■ •' ■ . ■'
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 6.— Clearings, $423,-
S2»>; balaircej>; ?4l.-«23. < - '- 1 ■ -•• »-
SPOKANE, Wash., Feb. 6.— Clearings, $321,-
S79; balances, $42,477.- , -• • -, -
♦ Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. «.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 75c; Bluestem, SOgSle; Valley, 79@80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 6.— WHEAT— Bluestem. 60c;
Club. 75c.
*• - X
LOCAL MAKKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterllr.,, Exchange, sixty days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS*
Sterling- Exchange, cables — 4 S7^i
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New -York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 55*4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 O 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-tCTileaeo declined frcm 95c to 03%c
and closed \t 94c. Trading continued active
and wires to this city said that the whole situ
ation is sensational and so artificial that wldt>
and rapid fluctuations are llktly. *
What with the Chicago decline and a re
newal cf the rain this market was weak, with
lower futures. Trading in the cash grain con
tinued light at previous prices.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37H©1 42H: California
White Australian. $1 45©1 DO: Northern Club,
$1 38%G1 41H; Northern Bluestem. $1 474©
1 50; Oregon Valley, Jl 40.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. • Close.
May $1 3S% -*13SH *1 ?"V4 *1 37%
BARLEY — The week closed on a dull and soft
market for cash grain, with lower futures, due
to renewed rain. Operators are Ktill holding
off and the millers are Indifferent buyers.
CASH BARLEY
Feed, $1 CS*4&1 10: Shippiite and Brew-
Ing. 51 15®1 17H: Chevalier. $1 17%©1 40 ror
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
\ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 00 Jltfi $1 04*4 $1 05
December ... 1 02tf 1 02% 1 O-'ij 1 02*4
OATS — DcaKrs continue to quote a quiet
market at unchanged rclces.
White. $1 37ij; Ulack. SI 25©1 63;
Red. ¥1 2."#1 ai'/j lor feed and $1 30#l 35 for
toco"; Grays. |l'g£Wft)CC ctl.
CORN— Them is soothing new of Interest tn
this market. Buyers are doing little at the
moment. ' THe tone, however, ia very firm and
purchasers can obtain no concisions.'
Western sacked. »i .XHi :J5 for Yellow, Jl 30
gl S2U for White and SI .TOi.tt 32V4 for Mixed;
Cailx'O'nla largt-. Yellow. $1 a5«l 37V4; small
round do, $1 40'Sl 50: White, |l 2561 30 per
ctl: Egyptian. %l iSijl 55 fcr white and $1 25
for' bn-wn.
RYE— $1 30© I 32i,i per ctl.
LUCKWIIHAT— $1 7532 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUK— California Family Extras, t4 BO®
4 to usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5Og4 60,'
Oregon and Washington, $3 9004 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 »C®1 40 for Bakers*.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per lpO-lbs;
Ry e Flour, $3 2.1- Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
87- Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
GroaU $4 50; Eomlny. UQ4 23; Buckwheat
Flour $1 MtfM 75: Crack'd Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $150; Whoie Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls, J7 25®S 60; tn tacks, in 75OS 10;
Pearl Biriey, $0; BpBt Peaa. boxes. 37; 'Jrnn
Pea* $3 3»fper 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Oregon uteamer expected on Friday with
COCO or 7000 sacks of Bran came in with only
"70 The market for Bran and Middlings con
tinues very stiff, with practically no stock offer-
Ing. The ether F^dstuffs are as before quoted.
Hay stl'l shows no change.' It Is b«iieved.
however that the rain has checked the ad
vance fcr the present, though no decline is ex
pected. Recelots are moderate.
BRAN— S21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGSt-$27 50S29 per ton.
'sHORTS-!-$2l!&« per ton.
FEEDETUFFS — Roiled Barley. $23 G<hB24 SO
cer ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 504Z31;
jobbing $32: Coccanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal $23 50<ft29 60; Cracked Corn. J2903O;
Mixed Feed *21 004122 50: Horse Beans. *JOt>
40 per ten; Broom Corn Fe3d. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15«1S; Wheat and Oat. $140
17- Oat. $14©17; Wild Oat. $14®15; Barley,
J12C14 30; Stock, nominal— none here; Alfalfa.
JIL'&IS 50 per ton.
. STRAW— 5C073C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pink Beans are active and are being bought
up and large transfers have been made during
the rast two days. Prices snow no further
change. Th* other v description* are as pre
viously stated.
• HKANS^-Bayos," $2 25C2 50; Pea. $3: But
ters, *3 60; small White. $2 75<g3: large White.
$2 15S2 40: Pink, $2 SZ&3; Red. $4 2Rfr4 50;
Lima $3 23fc3 SO; Red Kidneys, $4 25<M 00;
Blackrye.-tf! 15©2 25 per ctl: Hona Beans,
$24?2 50. •
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 BO: Tellow Mos«
tard. ii C3©5» 80;' Flax. - 91 SO®1 Wu Canary,
5i&5V4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14©14%c: Rape.
1Vi9-^: Timothy. 6g6%c; H«np. :n;«3Vit: p«r
lb; Millet. 333&C;- Broonl Corn Seed. 120021
P *DIUED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 23ff2 50 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
As usual on Saturday there was very little
demand among retailers for Potatoes, but
wholesalers reported a good ypeculative de
mand for Oregon fiurbanks and price* were
well sustained. The steamer Oregon arrived
overnight with 7040 sacks, only a small portion
of which were unloaded up to a. late hour. An
other steamer U due to-morrow with 'addi
tional supplies. Holders of river Burbanks
were still asking high prices, but trade on the
wharf was 01 very small volume. Salinas and
Lumpoc Burbanks were closely cleaned up and
sieaay. Sweets were unchanged, with supplies
ample and the demand light. Onions ruled
firm at a further advance and fine Oregon stock
was strongly held on the wharf. The steamer
Oregon brought down 230 sacks.
Receipts of southern vegetables were lighter
than usual, as tho rain in the growing districts
prevented farmers from picking. The demand
was steady and all descriptions ruled tirm at
gocd prices. Cabbage was higher under a
steady demand for shipment to the Southwest
and higher prices are expected in the near
future. A few boxes of Rhubarb came in and
met with prompt sale at slightly firmer rates.
Choice Iota ot new Potatoes (rom across th«
bay were itill selling at 3&4as&er pound.
POTATOKS — Burbanks irom the river. 90c3
$1 C5 j>er ctl; Salinas and Lompoc Burbanks,
si 40@l 60 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, SI 109
1 30 p«r ctl; River Reds. 60<g73c per ctl; Gar
net Chiles. 9Ocg$l per ctl; Early P.ose, aOc^Sl
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow, (1 73®1 90 per ctl; Green
Onions. 50670c per box.
- VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 5<g7c per lb;
String Beans, 10S17*4c per lb; Wax. S^12Hc:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. $1©1 50 per box
or crate; Rhubarb, 8910c per lb; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $lgl ila per box;
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbtrs, ode's il per dozen for
small and $l'C0@2 for large: Garlic. 5
©tic per lb; Egg Plant. 17%'$20c per
lb; Dried Peppers. 5@Sc per lb for Stock
ten and 106124c for southern: Dried Okra.
12Uc per lb; Green Peppers, l'2>ic per lb;
Mushrooms. SJ&SCc per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubb-ird Squash. S10@13 per ton for round
iota and Vjii%c per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
As usual on Saturday there was not much
doing in Poultry, but what little came in was
easily disposed of at previous prices. Local
stock was cleaned up at the close, but a car
of Western, which came In late In the day, was
held over for to-morrow's market. All dealers
are expecting an active market this week, as
the Chlnesa will be stocking up in order to meet
the extra requirements for their New Year
festivities. Six case * of -dressed Turkeys carna
in and sold at prevfus prices.
Game was in moderate receipt and cleaned up
quickly under a good demand. Several descrip
tions were quoted higher.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 16§21c per lb;
live Turktys, 15@17c per lb: Geese, per pair.
$2g2 25: Goslings, S2l&2 25; Ducks. $5 ftOfttJ
per dozen fcr old and $*K?7 for young; Hens,
$5 50&0 for large and $4 50#5 50 for small:
young*-. Roosters. $6u37; old Roosters, $59
5 50; Fryers. $5 50©«; Broilers. $4 5OS3 for
large and ' 33 50^4 50 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25© 1 50 per dozen for old and 52 25@2 50
for Squ»b*.
GAME— Mallard Ducks $.1ft4 SO per dozen:
Canvasback. $.?g5: Spring. $2®3; Teal. $1 50^
2: Widseon, SI 5C@2: small Ducks. $lfil 23;
Gray Geese. $3@-3J>0: W*h:te Gee«e, $l@l 25;
Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers, $4 SO fcr large and $■! 50 for small;
English Snipe. S3: common Snips, $1 50: Wild
Dovts. $1; Rabbits. |1 for Couontalls and
$1 25 for Brush: Hare. $1 25. s
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter closed the week dull, with stocks
larger and the feelinjr weak. Offerings of firsts
and even extras at 2332$ VAc were still reporter!,
but the quotations below represent the market
as th« majority of the trade quoted it. There
are two elements — one bull and the other bear-
In the market at present, and between them a
range of 2c In quotations is given.
Cheese shows no Improvement and the shelves
continue full of the goods.
A shipping broker reported yesterday that he
could buy store- Eggs at 24c cas °d. which shows
a weaker market for this description. Some
commission merchants, too, quoted ranch a
cent o£f. The feeling is not as firm as it has
been, and, though receipts were not as large as
the average for the past three or four days,
they T/cre too large for the market to ab
sorb, and there was quite a little stock on
hand at the close.
Receipts were 25.f00 lbs Butter. 97S cases
Efnrs and 6100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2Sc fer firsts. 2»3-' > .'>c
for extras and 2fi@27 I^c for seconds: dairy. IS7J
22c; stcre Buttrr.' 1 nominal: cold storage. 21iJ£2e
for extras. 17£20c for seconds and lC©18c for
ladle -packed.
CHEESE — lOijfUlVjC for good to choice nsir
and 0910c for lower grades: Young Amer
icas. ll«12c: Eastern. 15ft 14c: Western. 14@
15."! per lb.
rROS — Ranch. 2BtI27e for choice to fancy
and 25c for small and mixed colors; store.
24@25c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The inclement weather continued to discour
age trade in fresh fruits and the demand for
all descriptions was very light among local r«
tallers. Stocks of Oranges were heavy and only
the large sizes of Navels were wanted. Fancy
l>Cs were scarce and firmly held at an advance
over the quotations. The promoters of the
Orange auction announced that eight or ten
cars, including the four cars that were sched
uled fcr Friday's fale, would be sold to-mor
row. Tangerines were In pood request amcng
tie 'Chinese for the approaching New Year cele
bration, and prices were firmer. Occasional
sales of large sizes packed In half Orar.ge boxes
wen? reported at |1 75 per box/ Lemons. Limes
and Grape Fruit were unchanged.
The pre%-aillny high prices of Apples have
drawn In liberal supplies from the country and.
as the rainy weather has chicked the demand
somewhat, stocks arc commencing to accumu
late again. Prices, however, .are unchanged.
APPLES — <1 75^2 per box for extra
fancy; $1 25«1 ,*>O for ordlitary fancy. SSc£$l
for choice, and C0<S75c for common.
PEARS Winter Nellis from cold storag«.
SI 7K€2 per box,
TTRCS VnriTF — Navel Orates. $1 5C*I2
per box for fancy. $1 25^1 75 for choice and
5Or<gSl for 5t»«n'l8nis: SeedMncs. RO«»*l:
Tangerines. $1 2r>@l 00 for half boxes and 75c©
$1 for quarter boxes; Lemons. $1 7."32 30 for
fancy, SI 25(51 50 for choice and 75c;p$l for
standard: Grape Fruit.^1 5^22 50: Mexican
Limes. $4^4 GO: Bansnas. $lft2 p-r bunch for
Hawaiian and S2#2 50 for Central American:
Pinc-spplea, $1 50<St2 50 per dozen for Central
American and $3^3 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. Honey.
There Is no change In the market and trade
is still dull. Prtss dlspntchos (ma the Eastern
Peach belt Yerort extensive .lamas* to tha
orchards by the recent rerr.arkahly cold wave.
Npt onfy were the buds froten over wide areas,
but th! trees themselves were killed, son* of
them beins actually split from the forks down
ward by tl»9 Intense cold. If thesw reports prove
true the supply cf the tenderer kinds of fruits
will show a marked deficiency In th; East and
West this year.
FRUIT- -vicricot!. WttMfl for Royals and 9
<f?l!c for M ""narks: Evaporated ADples. 49
r>Hc: snr>-fjr|e<1. a^4~- PmcH«i. 4©flu,o: n~.r*.
eOlOc; Nectarines 4#5^o: Figs, white. 41?4^c
In boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. 0Q9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2>it?2-%c for the four
"ttxes.
RAISINS — The Association announces th»
following new prices for l'JiM: Standard grades,
fiO-lb cases — 2-crown I^>C!« Muscatels. 3V4e par
lb- 3-erown r.\c; 4-crown. 6>^c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4Uc: Seediess floated. 4He; 2-crown
Malaga locse. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedlees Sultanas, unbteached. 4V.c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — C-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-cr;wn
Dehe3a dust*r», *2 CO; 4-crown fancy Clusters.
12- 3-crown London Layers, fl 33; 2-crown
London Layers. SI usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-ox
carton*. P*r lb, 7%c; fancy 12k>z cartons, per
package. C*ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, i&c;
choice I6-0* cartons, per lb. 7Hc; choice 12-oa
cartons. v*r package. «%c; choice bulk car
tons per lb. 7 Vic; l«i-oz cartons, reeded Seed
ling^ Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 63(c; bulk.
geedeJ Sei-dlloss. Muscatels, per lb. 6»ic.
NUTS — Walnut*. No. 1 roftshell. UH914c:
No 2 llV4©l"-c; No. 1 hardshell. lSBUUo-
No. 2 11611 J .4c; Almoads. lie for Nonpareils,
lOUc'for IX L. 10»,ic for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%tc for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6©7c for Eastern;
Pecans. Iiei3c: Cocoanuts. Si 50*35; Chest
nuts. 6©7e per lb. I
HONEY — Comb. 10<gll»4c for white and S^n
OVtiC for ! amber: waUy white extracted. 6MJ
5^c; light amber extracted. 4«4e*%c: dark.
3 *UEE:SWAX-27620c F« lb.
Provisions.
Chicago opened firm on the serious aspect of
ths war situation la the Orient, but the mar
ket lacked support and closed weak, with
Uduidatlon going ott. Wires to Mltch'Il. Mul
c^hy & Co. from the Board of Trade said that
the great elump in Cotton was forcing liquida
tion by Southern holders. The opinion seems
to be that receipts ot Hogs will continue large.
. This market : remained without change,
thoush there are hints that there will be a
cfiance In Pork products • In ths near future.
CURED MEATS — Eacon. 10V»c • p«r lb for
heavy ll%c fcr light medium. 13Hc for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured:
Ea*t*m susar-cured -.Hams. ISHc: California
Hams. 12Htft3c: Mesa Reef. Stl M> per bbl;
extra Mess. S12012 50» Famtlv. $13: prim*
Me»s Pork. SIS: extra clear. *24: Mms. SIS:
Dry Salt'd Pork, lie: Pis Pork. $27: P!»s*
Fe*t. $5 25: Smelted "Beef. 15c per lb. •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for
compound and OVic for pure; half-barrels, purs.
B^c: 10-Ib tins. 10c: 5-tb tins. 10%e; 3-tb tins.
10U c ■ %
COTTOLENE— Cn» half barrel. OUc; thre«
half barrels. 9e: one tierc«. 8%c; two tierces.
8%e; nv« Uerces. 8%e per lb. . •
Hides. Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
a tout *vi?lc ' under quotations. ' Heavy Salted
Steers, 8Hc; medium. 8%c; ll«ht. 8c: Cow
HIdea 80 for heavy ana Sc for light; Stags. 6c;
Saited Ktc. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOHc; dry Hides. 15«16c; dry Kip. We; dry
Calf ISc; Sheepskins. ihearUnga. 23i830c each;
short Woo!.- 40©e."c each: rr~ <!luin 70-S»Oc: long
Wool fl81 CO; Hone Hides. i*Jt. *2 "5 for
large" and *-'u~ 60 for medium. $1 25©t 73 for
small ar.d COc for Colt*. Hoys- 1IWI»9. dry.
?1 "3 for lanre ind It 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for iniall and 50c for Colts. Buck Skin* — Dry
Mexican, Sic; dry salted Mexican. 23c : dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Sklas — Prim* An
goras 73c; large' and smooth. SOc; medium. 33c:
imalf. 20c.
TAIXOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4c per IS: JTo.
2. .me; grease. 2H©^c. • , , w ,
WOOIv — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lamb**. »O
llr- Middle County, llfn^e: -northern-- De
fectlv». OfllOc: Nevada. 13*J13e: Oregon, fine,
ISSISc: Orescn medium, 17c per 1b.
HOPS — 23ft.10c per lb for CalUorala. 1003.
and 17C2Cc fcr crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
Quotations remain as befor*. The effect of
the current rain on the market still remains
to te reen.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from flaugateren to dealeis
ai* as follows.:
BF.KF — tt%f?7%C for Steers asd C86%e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8««c: small, OSIOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%810c: 3wes. 99t>%a
>er lb
LAMB— Yearlings, 10%QUc per lb; Spring.
15316c .
PORK— Dr*M#d Hew. "ft$V.c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S8»c: Cows and HsUcra.
768c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 164%c per lb (gross weight).
BHEEP— Wethers. 4%85c; Ewes. 4Vai"-i=
per lb (grcss weight).
LAMBS- 535Uc per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 8H05%e:
over ISO lbs, 5c; soft Hogs. 4*>jc; Sows. 2O per
cent off; Boars. SO per cent off. and Stags. 44
per cent ott from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags ara firmer, owing to the
rain, at 5V£c; San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32g35c; Fleece Twine. 7%CSc.
COAL— Wellington, is per ton; New Wel
lington. $3: Seattle. SZ 50; Bryar.t. $6 50: Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standard. |7; Roslyn. $7:
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, *7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
114; Welsh Anthracite Egg. S13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. 98 50 per ton; Coke. Ill 500
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions,' $11 45 per 20CO lbs and
$12 SO per Icng ton, according to brar.d.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 4Uc per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA. (1 MSI 12: Lucol. 4tc for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60<g70c per r»Uon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels 58c for Ceylon and 55;
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
OIL 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 7-c; extra
bltacbed winter Whale Oit. 65c: natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra wlnt«r strained Lard Oil. R.V;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. I Neatsfoot Oil. R5c: Uzht Herrln* Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 4-Te: Salmon Oil. ."We; bol!ed
Floh Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Paint
Oil. ".*c: raw Paint Oil. 33e.
COAL OIL — Water White Ccal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Pearl OH in cases. 21 4c: Astral.
21%c: Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25Hc: Elalas.
27%c: Eocene. 24%c: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 17c: In cs.«s». 23*4c:. Bemin*. In
bulk 13c: In cases. l!)Uc: Se-degree Gasoline.
In bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— ««c per irallon in cases and
S2c In drums and iron barrels.
RED ANP WHITE LEAD— Tied Lead. «'.i^
7c per lb: White Lead. 6%©7c. according "to
quint'tT.
COFFEE — C. E. Bickford's circular irtves the
receipts at this port in January at 15.2as bags,
against 24,lt39 for the same menth last year.
The sales from first hands were 1S.14O bass.
a;alnst 15,075. The stock in first hands Feb
ruary 1 was 17.C27 bags, against 31,156. The
circular ?ays:
'"The New Tork market continued the ad
vance not«d in our last circular up to and In
cluding the 1st ln«t. fsnot Coffee advancing
l%e on No. 4 Santos and ITic on No. 7 Rio
during January), when a fharp break In prices
occurred. du» to encrmous liquidations. The
speculative Interests which for some time p«.«t
hav« been th» most active factor hi the mar
ket se*m to have temporarily withdrawn their
support, nnd at pr?sert writing; have lost con
trol. The pa*t four days, with the enormous
pales of over two million bags, shows a steady
decline In prices ae*regstlnr lc to l'-ic on spot
Coffee anrt nbout 2c on futures.
•This demoralization ha« naturally afT*ct»4
local condltlnns. Tradlnc has jtoppod entirely
and can hardly b» expected to mam* unttl the
Ne*.v York marfcpt has pdJuMM itvelf and the
confidence of buyers restored by more normal
conditions.
"To-day^ first hnn<1 stock con<tl»t« of 147
h*rn r-o«ta Rtra. ltW Nli*araRua. 4730 Pntrador.
7049 Ount"aniii». W47 Mexican and CS23 vari
ous: in all 21.49* b«**.' v
Market closes dull and nominal. Last sales
Indicate:
Costa Rica — lJitfMSc nomlrnl for strictly
prime to t»ncT washed: 12H«13c for prim*
wx«ibed: 11U1»12U<* for pood washed: lftUfS
12Ue for tecoA to prim* ws«h<^1 p«»h"«-ir: l»u«
10»ic for enod to rr"m«» peaberry- 10U«'l2e for
jrood to rrime: B®10'4c for fair; 7tt9e for com
mon to Ordlrary-
Salvador — 1S/i7Hc romlnsl for strictly primw
wj»«h < v1: ll«n2 J *<* for c«M tonrlm* wajhed:
PUUS10U- for fair washed- to^ljc for fair to
prime vr»<>ho<i oestxTry-T 0«;<?lf>r for «rood to
rr t)7.» •«>rn'-waPb» i d - l n « for ""UTWf'or inwash'o!;
pu,Tinv,c for coo<l creen utrwa«h<»<1: fli**i'10c for
rood to superior jjnwasaed peaberry: '?SSVic for
ln^»r!or to ortilnHr*.
Nlrartrun — tI*<*liJMtC nomttml for prim* to
farcy wanbed: 0';f»11'» n"in!r«I for '«<r to
rtrietly pood wasbed- !)«f>v t c for good to su
perior itpw^ohorfr f>H^10V,e for gt»d to prime
urwa*Jied r^nttm:
Gnaten^p'>» •"* M?Ticar» — 14U«1'r fir fancy
wachM: 1?t'.#»i4^ic f<"-r r rt m» to strfftlv rr»r>«
V n<M- nt/.«ri2U(« for BtHett* rrwvi •wds>«-d:
10* 1 . «11ti«« for tncwi wuh»i: !>«*?10c for 'air
vrathrA- SUfl!"> •** "Mln: Tf**~ for In'^'ior
to onHunry; 11U«12".^ for fair to pr*me
ws^hci r-ppborrvr 0 t * f * 1fl H<* for rood to pr'nv*
vnw«i*h»d r^al-rrv: O^lOc nominal Tor good to
superior nr.wrtf^i.
SUGAR Th» 'W>(«t»rn Su»nr Reflrfn^ Com
pany qu<itw nn fc-Mow«. p*r lb. !•» ifXVIb huar^-
Cub<»* A Cnwhert »>r"l *te» Cn»«h*«j. S.W^:
Powrt»r»i1. S.4rtr: Candr Ora»til»«tM R.40e: Dry
Or^ruiat^'. fl"»". 5.V**: F>'v Ora."nl*t»<1. f^x»r««.
5 .^: F"iit nrsnn'ated B.Sftc- P*-t Ortnnlat-
H) flOO-lh b«*» ontr*. S.'<v«- ronf»<-fion»»^' \
5 30c- Marnol|» >. « Ortr- r»t-, r. l.«o-- OoH-t»
C; 4.7(lc: "T>." 4."<V'- T>*«-"»l«. lt>f "^or-: half
t\r.rre1* 8"«* m"»e: >>r'^<"». r.(v> "torf r^V-l>» h«»x.
IPc more for 'U Vl-^'. T«h»«t« — K-«|' Mrr»1s.
?; soe; box'-*. s.' lf >!'r P * r: rvmtii D.-mino^
s!.*f!c'rer lb. No nrdrr« talrert for l»ss than
c«v*nty-flv» barr«t« or U« eo'ilvaTe'nt.
Receipts of Produce.
F'nur tjr »ks... Ki*? ctta 227
W>eat. ctls ... ».!»' M». Xft *W
Barley ctl« S.- lW>r ' T Mes. No 1.311
Oat.<« ct!« T! * r "»'iMm11vw. fisks 20
Benn's. ' sks 2^<* n-jne. K a!s 37.7ro
Potatoes sks 2.2^0 lalslns. bxs 3.fK"«>
Onions aks 3* Suirar. ctls 440
Rmn sJrs l.?10i».#»ther. re.l'« ... 2*1
MMAitnv* «ks .. ft'O^Meorr. bbls ... 13
TTay t^ns 4T0 Paper, rms C.-.Z
Hot* bal« .... W'Lime. bbls 317
Wool, bales 333
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 400jrvnicns. sks 2S4
Oats ctls StK» Bran. »ks 27t»
Potatoes sks ... 7.0I0 1 Buckwheat, ctls. 163
STOCK MARKET.
Trading on the Exchanges of a
Saturday Character.
Business pn the Stcck and Bond Exchange
was of a 'Saturday character, bring quiet.
with a slight decline In Gas and Electric to
; S.ift 00. Amon? the unlisted securities flOCO
1 California Northwestern 3s sold at 5112. The
I movement in the oil stocks was better than
for some time past.
| The feature of the stork market tiering the
I patt few days has been the lartr« transactions
: In bonds and the small sales of stocks. Just
what caused the liberal trading In bonds daes
not arsear on th» surface.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 34.145 shares, valued at 911.075. tha
leading j>ales belns aa follows: Associated
Oil HVC8* 6har?s: Fauna. 5000; Independence,
lOfl'O; Moearch. 2SC0: CkHrfdental. 1300: Oil City
4100; Toltec. 1500; CTamnont. 700; Hccie. 900;
Eorereitrn. 500.
Ex-dlvidriul yesterday: Imperial Oil Com-
paay. recular monthly. 20a per shore, amount*
.' ins to ?2O.C00; Thlrty-thre* OH Company, reg
ular monthly. ICc per share, amounting to
j ?10.0<}0.
The Seg. Belcher and JMh Consolidated
; Mining Company has levl»d an assessment of
5c per share, delinquent March 10.
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
■ assessment of 10c per share, delinquent
( March 11.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Ccmrany
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 20c
per share, payable February 15.
The Occidental Consolidated Mining Com
pany has levied an assessment of Sc per share,
delinquent March 10.
The gross earnings of th* United Railroads
of San Francisco for December. 19C3. ara offi
cially stated to have been S5CO.3S4 an in
crease of SiS.GOO aa compared with December.
1302. The gross earnings for the calendar year
mm wtre • $*.243.2IS, as compared with $3,-
S3S,91d for 1302. an Increase of 1704.209.
STOCK AN'D BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Feb. 9— 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.[ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.-lOT 1CS 4s Qrcp(new)l."t2Hl33H
is qr reg ... — 107KI3* qr coop ..106U107U
AUCTION SALES
WILSON
The Auctioneer. That's All.
1710 MARKET ST.
IMPORTANT AUCTION ANNOTTNCEMEXX t
ENTIRE CONTENTS
GRAND AND PALATIAL RESIDENCE ON
COLE STREET
Must b« SoU Previous to Depaxtura to th«
Highest Bidder.
Wednesday, February 10.
Watch aad Wait! Flae and Durable Fumltars
AT TOUT. OWN PRICE.
£& • fe*
AUCTIOIM SALE
60 HEAD Or WELL BROKEN HORSES
Of every description a- on? carload assorted
rubber-tire buggies and n«w and second-hand
harness. This Is a chance seldom oCered to
liverymen to get Mgh grade of new rubb«r-
tlred rigs at their own prices, as this eartoad
must be disposed of to the highest bidder. Sals
takes place at Ellis-street Stable. «15 Ellis
street. Monday. February 8. at 11 o'clock.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer; phone East 743.
*v_^ At auction. Tuesday. February 9. 11 a.
&-*** m., at 114<> Fclsom street, there will ba
a large consignment of 53 horses and mares.
4 surreys, 2 phaetons. 5 carts, 2" exnrems. 4
peddling, 2 camp wakens. 2 stantjups. 1 20-
passenger carryall. 1 donkey, buggy and har-
ness, 1 fast read horse, 35 seta of harness.
WILLIAM CLOCGH. Auctioneer.
I MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co Cs.il9 —
B C P Co 5«.IC2% — Do 5a 1C0 —
C CG&E 5S.10341C5 Do con 53.102 —
C G & E g Oceanic S 5». — 73
m & ct Js. — 104 Om Cable 6s. — 135
Cal St C 5s.ll4 — Pac GIm4iH 100
! C C Wat Sa. — 104 P E Ry 39.105^4 —
: E L A P es.125 131 P & C H 63.103 —
F & C H 6a. — 120 P&OR 6«.ll* —
; Geary -st 5s.. 451J »0 Powell-st 6s.U2H —
1 H C&S 51.23.104 — 3 E GAR 5s. — 1C0J4
Do 5s &S*;iOO SP & 3JV5s.llS3ii —
, Hon R T 5s-10« — Slerry R 6a. — 112*4
I L A E>c 5s. — — 3 p of A «m
L A Ry. 5s. 11* 115 <10C») I053» —
I L A L 6s. — — (10*0) 106*4 —
Do gtd €s. — — S PR Of C
1 Do gtd 5j.lt>3%lC34| «19C5)Sr A.IMHNM 1 .*
I L A P Icm5s — 105 <19G5)Sr B.1C5 IOC
: Mkt-st C 6a.llfPi — S P R of C «
; Do lem Cs. 115 — MSt«> 106'i —
; M V &MT5*.1O1 — <1012) — 119
j X R of C 6S.104 — Do lc I St — —
Do 5a 118^120 Do stmpd. — lOST-i
N P C R 5s. — 105*i 3 P B R 6s.lMti —
I Nor C Ry 5a. — 114 S V Wat Is. 107 —
! Nor C P 5s. — ICO Do 4s 2dm. 6»H —
1 N a R R 5a.I0O — Do 4s Ma. US —
j O G L &H3s.l*S — Stkn GAB •'d — 10O
j O W gtd 5». — 99 U G & E 5s. — 106
! . WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa 37 T i 41 iport Costa.. — —
! Maria Co .. — C3 \s V Wat Co 38'S 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
, C L * P Co. — 4!9PG4E. 58>i —
Mut E L Co. — 12HStkn C, £r E. 3 —
Tariac L C«. CflU — L* O Jfc E. . . — 33
S E G & It. — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
■ S F G & E. — — !
INSURANCB.
I Firem's Fnd — 313 I
bank stocks.
Am Ntl Bk. — 1.T0 L P & A.. — 170
Ahglo-Cal .. 8"? SO Mer Trust.. — 2CO
Bank of Cal.4'i3 44f) Merch Ex... — 85
Cal Safe Dp. — 1JSH 9 F Natlonl — —
. First Natical — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
O*r S & L. — 2300 Sav A L So. — 100
Kum 3 it L. — — See Sav Bk. — 43O
Mut Sav Bk.lOO — Union Trust. — —
, S F Sav U.C2O C50
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197^205 iPresldio .... — 42tt
G«ary — SO I
POWDER.
, Giant 61*» 62V»i Vigorit 3^4 —
SUGAR.
I Hana PC— COc jKllauea S P— .5
Hawaiian C. 444 45 [Makawell S. — 22
Honoka d C. — 13 Onomea S C. 25 2a
j Hutch S P. S\i 8'ijl'aauhau 3 P — 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
. Alaska P A.l.T9*i — (Oceanic S C 5 •
Cal F C A. 94 07 >i Pac Aux FA. 3 —
S a V* n M T'lOO — FaC C Bo . rx ' 1CT —
Morning Session.
Beard —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 5 14O 0O
1C0 Hawaiian Coral <ft Sugar 44 73
A> S r Gas & Electric, s DO 5« 50
Ctieet —
15, CCO Sierra Ry cf Cal 6 per cent. .113 CO
I $1!>.CCO S F it S J V 5 per ceat lUW
Unlisted Securities.
MICELLANEOUS BONDS.
BH. Ask. Bid. Ask.
j Bay C P 6s. 05 ICO S T A T «*.112 114',
Blue L W6s. — 12W Do Ss 102'i —
S F D D5S.109 112H Sutter-st 5«.1O6 113
, S F&N P 5s. 11 'W;iU»5 U R of SF4» SOU S0%
1. & * C 4^8. tW ■•^
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK3.
: Ala S Co... — 21 iNtDk. Mill3.3C0 —V '
Amer B Co. — sS4'Nev Xt Bk-107U —
Cal Cot Mills — 93 N 3 K R... lo — .
; C O <tc E C 4O — Nor C Power 8%.
! Cal Jockey C 0*J 120 Oak Bk Sav.lOO —
' Cal Pow Co.lli> — Cak Transit. «■> —
i Cal Ship Co. 15 — Odd Fel Hall 3U —
I Cal TI&TCo. — 153 urpheum Co. — K5X.
j Cen Bk. Oak 60 — Pac S TAT. — 108
i Chutes Co... 74 — Par Paint... 30 —
City & C Ek — 112 3 F Dry D. BO —
I E Dyn Co.:2CO — ,SF * SJVC. 2a GO
i Fit NtB.Ok.120 — is J Wat Co. — 10«
i F & R T Co — 2V; ! SO *l ilTC. — le3
; Frnch-A Bk.100 1(53 SwUa-Am Iiklli
Gas Con As. 194 21 1'ruckee EC— 13
Honolulu P. ti lu'i'U R I pfd. 434 —
L i 3 F Bit — 5.1 I Do com .. 1UW — .
I Matson N Co — . fH \
1 Morning Session.
I1.CC0 Cal Nortiiweatcm Ry 3 per cent.112 CO
'■ California Stock andOUExchangs
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alrna
Apollo 43 --Jl m
Associated Trust Cert 20
A»t»c jejii
Cail(ornla> Standard 12 .
Caribou 1 es 1 90
Central Point Con es ....
; Chicago Crude is is
I Clartmccy 50
! Esperanzi 130 .'.'.'.
Four "t> 72
Fulton 4cu
Giant T. 23
Hanfcrd 113 C«>
j Horns 1124 113
Imperial 1700
Independence 13 x$
Junction
I Kern 4 25 4 73V
: Kern River to CO ' . . x
(Lion -. ....
I >lor.arch of Arisor.a 39 +•>
t Mont« Cristo 73 774
j Occidental of W Va 14 '■ l«
i Oil City Petroleum 30 34
! Peerlesa 13 50 ....
: Plttsburs;
Reed Crude 4 70
S F * McKittrtck ....
San Joaquin O & t> ....
Senator 63 ....
; Sovereign 4O ....
'Sterling 2 43 2(5*
Superior 05 04
1 Thirty-three 8 CO 7 00
I Toltec 1» 2O
Twenty-eight 4 SO
j West Shcre ....
! ASscclatetl Bonds CS4 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land ft Improvement.. ..... 1 60
Alameda Sugar ....
j American Biscuit ....
• American District Tel .+- ....
•!Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
• California Cotton Mills ....
I California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co ' ....
I Cal Title Ins It Trust ....
I Central Bank of & kland TO 00
Chute* Company •• ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 9 23 ....
■ Flxcher'B Theater '... . 2 CO
! Ga» Consumers' Association 21 CO
Horotulu Sucar ••-. ....
1 North -rn Cal Pnwer 9 CO a 73
•North Snore- Railroad ....
i Orphenm Company 15 CO ~ ; ....
iPaclfl'* Stat«. Tel & Te!....
I Part rflnt Paint f ST 30 ....
> San Francisco Dnrdocfc ....
; Sanitary Reduction Works.. I 30 2 23
• S«u«aliio Land * Ferry
, >r^rrv Flour Company .... ....
• PtarHhra' Electric .•••. -••«
Te*'« Coal Co -••• ..-.
Tmckfe El-etric ...*
I'nlen Sugar •.... ....
United Gas ft ETwt''-* ....
SALES.
Momin? Session.
1.M5O Independence 13
ICO Illinois Crude 1 JS
3CO Monte Cristo 75
Continued on Page Fortj-stx.
4748
~~ HAL.ES. I ItAJLJE^S. j HALOE'S. _ j g^jgjL -)-.- - ? IA^.' **' - i HALE'S. J____^~— 3^^^ ~~
J\ $^ti3r fclli— 1 "Another zvhite sight; another white opportunity; another batch white. fliers let loose. . 6^=- jfc **^iP
• Xsr- See the White. Waists! ; . • ra^ggp^
Ji-J&feES -And the white curtains. The windows are filled with them Ifs a sight to see-a time to buy. \ l&iSL^wfffirF^i
. , , , j i i j j .u u- • «,,.«. o Si We are opening up the white season with price-interest and. \l&k$f ■ I F^T
f^JP* and the tabks loaded; the ledgeS and thC blg ' airy C ° Urt a maSS style-interest never shown before. ■ \\Mf J /T \
"\«^fl of white— through it all are the fluttering birds with outstretched ' La St wee k j t was sheets, pillow cases, muslins and spreads. Us / Vipl / \
Ss^ J wings— symbolic of the merchandise fliers we've turned loose. This week white waists and lace curtains. . . ' \. -^ Wll fd^fes
2148 New Waists: 52 Different Styles . "«J
All fresh and interesting — only out of their boxes yesterday. them cheaper than you will later on. These are the accepted styles — WwWlSSS'
All underpriced. And at the very outset of the season — when the new Dolly Varden sleeves ; the Mexican drawn-work insertion; V $/& J /Sf^*'
i you would least expect to find so many waists ; stranger still, to find the embroidered, medallion roses and flower ornaments. «
■- ' • All-overs and trimmine laces 5oc— White lawns with small dainty black fig- $1.50— Four beautiful styles^ in white lawns; e/ . Vn .. r , (v i M - w Wte lawns They show
Another testimony: ======== /\U O\ ers anu ummuiigiaiv. ; nter est some with embroidery fronts, laceinser- $2.50— Four sty les w nit e awn s. *»** .
• "I Like Hale's- C nt .; rtfr I n f nc in fancv and washable effects; urcs, to lend hfe and interest, tion yokes; some of them have lace inser- "■ the variations of Mexican dr awn work
TpPIPl SPff&jgf 8 thousands of y ards-the most g-W^a^^^^^ Bj%*jk
"Thcytdlmezvhat'sso— SOUght-for Styles. . ored ones are in fifteen different mate- ofjhcm show the n CW Mexican drawn JJ^ SroMered pattern for the front
"They don't holler about bar- c \ aC es; worth 50c and 65c yard, rials; madrases, zephyr ginghams and $I . 9S _ F ive styles. One is a pure white linen "^^ijKiJISSS o^th? Dolly Var-
gains — about thisoeing worth SO- " Nottinghams and imitation clunies for making yokes, fronts suchlike; striped bias yokes, new sleeves, with Mexican drawn work wheels as large U "h S1CCVCS
rn and waists; 18 inches wide; 30 different designs, striped insertions new collars new tucked ideas. Waists as silver dollars down the front, new aen iaea. «, M , M i ro i_
and ' so - anS beading effects, bow knots, scroll and floral ideas; white and nc%v couars new xucj rao 1 icas. vva « Dolly Varden sleeves; others show lace $2.9S-Handsome grass linen in natural col-
"Do you know, I find their reg- Arabian shades. None of them that are no* half price, none of that we can t sell later under 05c and $1. and * cmhroidcry insertion and hemstitch- ors, also white lawns with Mexican drawn
ular trice* to be less than other them that are not in high favor. 75c— White lawns with embroidered fronts; ed tucks, even the sleeves have hemstitch- work insertion.
P^g5i£ 5C yard-Torchon laces; vorth 8 uyaud i*| C . other §£ ones wMl s.a.! b,ac k «p- «<$£• gS SS *^i*P|iffi °^ ®|
Th^t -,.„.„„.. <lr,,rb if 5OOO yards, in English cotton torchons, so desirable for »™»- ures , „„ sleeves, new collars, new cuffs; there One sty | c s hows a beautiful con- csn drawn work insertion. The two oth-
1 Ha. aoman s.niCK if. ing underwear an d children s dresses: more than 100 pretty de- >u new throughout . ception of the Mexican drawn work idea. ers are mercerized linen in natural colors.
Noise and big type don t make signs in edgings from * to 4 .nch«. ■" s ""° ns ! to »" :h "- The waist store _ second floor> is owrflowcd . We have had to use bargain tables on the main floor. .We have spread the waists
== -a--*** a " , Snring- Sale lace Curtain* ■
!?£?1!LS* 7 Say, f li?,le mis! Rogers' w ell-known "1847" Oprlllg . JUdCC WUrlcUI15
" ?iv es of thought, RogCTS ollVCrware fancy pattern forks and spoons. Between eight and nine thousand pairs are ready for special selling this week. Nottinghams, Scotch nets, madrases and
tivr But you won't^noThow mudi I Flier s.^ Sets of Six %\.y^. Arabians, for any room or any taste. ,Not only ruffled curtains at 45c and Nottinghams at 50c and a most unusual lot of them at
so unless "you £ee them^befoTe^hcy Remilar orice S^ 60 It's the most serviceable of all table- Ji-<». $i-25 and $1.50, but as handsome parlor hangings as you can find, that look for all the world like hand-made Brussels and Irish Point. A
arc picked over ' rs - c & ulcil P iA *- c v?-.w. x host o{ ncll ra bians will come in for a big share of attention. \
comes. 25 for 6c ware. Patterns are desirable — those we have had lor trie past j t ' s the broadest, most inviting curtain offering we've been fortunate enough to make. You'll say so when you see the great window display,
card comics. Sxio, te each. « perhaps the greatest of its kind seen in San Francisco. Double selling space has been given over on the second floor.
Lace Valentines, lc. 2c. 3c. 4c, Be. 7c. SeaSOn. ffe> M-i . .
xov^- dentine., bax^. ioc. i2c. i5c. Other knives, forks and spoons, silver plated, all odds and Cottage Curtains Nottinghams, Scotch Net Curtains. Arabian CurtaillS! FlierS
snk S a S£ lul S£ co^ red -^ ne V box^ > ends, 25c each. . I-* , . Here's a rich variety for the private home. Scotch More to choose from than you can get in the
™ to P mWm ' ' * ViVL-pI silver knives table forks and tablespoons, sets Of 6, OOC. 200 pairs white lappet nets, madrases and Nottingham weaves that look for all , , . ' . . J S
up to ?. M ana $3. . A \ 1C kel Sll\ er kni\ es, taDie IOi Kb aiiu iau sy , ,j striped ones, 2^ yards by the world like they were hand-made Brussels/ Irish regular way and less to pay.
■ Almost a thousand of Spoon-holders, Silver plated, satin hmsned and engra\ea, 40 inches, dainty white ruf- Point and Novelty weaves. It's a broader collection These are the coveted curtains and here are the cor-
C • good everv-day scissors $1 2> fle on the sides and bottom. than we have yet had. More important still at these eted values. They come from the most successful manu-
bClSSOrS ,_j _«,-. -it : ; \'" t> j- 1 j 1 m _ . "flier" prices: facturer in the world— they're surplus patterns, not
n it n • 1 "1 ,4 " *~ Butter dishes, quadruple Sll- _— * r^J 81.95 for $2 -;o curtains enough of any one thing to count in a wholesale way,
Half Price 6 and 7 in. OnCS, I5C vcr plated? with silver /M 92.4s! for $3^ curtains". but plenty for retailing.
■ 8 and 9 in. Ones, I8C butter drain, plain fill- jSSftS& ftW/ /0%§^ $2.!K> for $3.50 and $3.75 curtains. ?2.19— Arabian curtains, worth S2.75 and S3.00.
They're fully nickel-plated, held jeft C; T - o /&&/ /Mjsf Ij^^^^f V£<ig^^ CfJIE^^' $3.75 for $4.50 curtains. J? 2. 05— Arabian curtains; worth S3. 50 and $3.75.
SSSISS! PiCk Hi. - Mjf^SoSlSSSaS^^ S2.00andS2.2J Parlor Curtains at Si. IS
day, 15c and 1 8c. tongs, $2.00. -^^0^^^^ gy^gj^^ Those dainty effects with plain centers, narrow and **»• ' "—Arabian curtains; worth $7.50 and $8.00.
market street's bust STOE2-KEAK sixth. ■■"■■^■■^i m m medium, with borders 3*/ 2 yards long, regular width. Out for the first time Monday.
FIRM MAY PAY
DEBTS IN FULL
Bolton, Dc Ruyter & Co. Meet
Committee of Creditors to
Outline Plan of Settlement
A meeting was held j*esterday after
noon by the committee of the cred
itors of the suspended brokerage firm
of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. and the
two members of the insolvent con
cern.
The meeting was held in the offices
of the brokers and was also attended
by T. C. Van Ness, attorney for the
insolvents. ,
The members of the committee rep
resenting the creditors stated that
the}' "were perfectly satisfied that Bol
ton, de Ruyter & Co. would be able
to pay all their obligations if given
time.
"We think there are enough assets
In sight," said S. Goidzleher, one of
the committee, "to pay 50 cents on
the dollar right away. This will con
sist of certain accounts due the firm
that are collectable and also two
pieces of realty which Bolton and De
Ruyter will turn over to the creditors.
"We feel satisfied that if the firm Is
given time that it will be able to
realize another 50 cents on the dollar
for the creditors.
"Relatives of the members of the
firm will supply funds on certain un
divided Interests In realty."
The committee has not figured at
all on the mortgage for $38,000 which
was g^ven to Boiton, de Ruyter & Co.
bjr' H. S. Redington to cover bis In
debtedness to the firm.
In Epeaking of this mortgage the
committee of creditors made the fol
lowing statement yesterday:
"The land covered by the mortgage
is located in Colusa County and con
sists of 3600 acres of good wheat land.
There* is; a first mortgage on the prop
erty amounting, to about $27,000. We
find that the - land has been assessed
for $61,000, so. there is every indica
tion that the mortgages can be made
good. It may be possible to sell the
mortgage held by the firm, but we
have not figured on that at all in our
calculations . as to what assets are
available for the creditors.
* 'The creditors have not asked for
a receiver to be appointed for Bolton,
de Ruyter & Co. and will not ask for
one. We have allowed the firm to
continue in charge of Its aaffirs, and
this committee is satisfied that the
creditors will be paid in full, but it
will take some time.
•"We do not think for a minute that
Bolton or De Ruyter had any knowl
edge that their manager, Genung, was
using the credit of their firm for spec
ulations for outside persons. We
think that the .firm members have
been guilty of negligence in not keep
ing in close touch with their busi
ness."
Genung, ftie manager for Bolton, de
Ruyter & Co.. Btill maintains silence
as to his actions in using the firm's
credit for irresponsible customers.
Genung is assisting the experts in
working on 'the books and in the
course of a few days Bolton, de Ruy-
SPLENDID YEAR'S WORK.
IN CAUSE OF CHARITY
Francesca Relief Society Holds An
nual Meeting and Chooses New
Officers and Directors.
At the annual meeting of the Fran
cesca Relief Society Miss Inglls, the
treasurer, reported that the receipts
for the year were $1791 13, and the dis
bursements $1484 90.
Miss Anna Buckley read the secre
tary's report, which showed that dur
ing the year 1903 the society distributed
3208 garments to men, women and chil
dren, furnished 177 yards of material
to be made up and 255 pairs of shoes.
At the Christmas festival 300 children
■were completely clothed and given pres
ents of toys, etc. Baskets of groceries
were given to 100 families.
The reports having been adopted, the
following trustees were elected for 1904:
Mrs. Andrew Welch, Mrs. de Nurtel,
Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. Eugene Lent, Mrs.
Ziegler. Miss David, Miss Harvey, Miss
Gaillard and Miss Butler.
The new trustees immediately or
ganized and elected officers as follows:
Mrs. Eugene Lent, president; Mrs.
Ziegler, first vice president; Mrs. Har
rison, second vice president; Miss
Eleanor Demlng, treasurer; Miss Mar
garet Lacy, secretary.
Opposed to Rock Crusher.
Mary's Help Hospital, by P. E. Mul
ligan, secretary, yesterday filed a pro
test with the Board of Supervisors
against the establishment of a rock
crusher and quarry at Thirtieth and
Castro streets. The petitioner also re
quests the passage of the proposed or
dinance extending the prohibitory
limits for rock crushers so as to in
clude Thirtieth and Castro streets. The
two blocks opposite the proposed
quarry are the property of Mary's
Help Hospital and the petitioner says
the site will be greatly depreciated in
value by the location of a quarry in
such proximity. The two ordinances
extending the limits will be passed to
print at to-morrow's meeting of the
Supervisors.
Founder's Day at Wilmerding.
The cornerstone of the new brick
building being built by the boys at
Wilmerding School will be laid to-mor
row, founder's day. The Regents of the
University of California are trustees of
the Wilmerding fund, but as Governor
Pardee, chairman of the Board of Re
gents, Is too ill to attend President
Wheeler will officiate. An address will
also be delivered by Professor Elmer
E. B,rown, head of the department of
education of the university. The public
is Invited to attend. The exercises will
begin at 3 p. m., but the school will be
open for inspection throughout the aft
ernoon. Those wishing to see the school
in operation should come soon after 1
o'clock.
Accused of Stealing Diamonds.
Mrs. Millie Roberts, 12 Turk street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
Charles Merkel on the charge of grand
largency. She alleges that Merkel
stole from her rooms on Friday three
diamond rings and other articles, of
the total value of $4 50.
* +
ter & Co. will furnish the committee
with statements showing exactly what
the debts and assets of the firm are.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1904.
CEMETERY LAW
IS CONTESTED
Federal Court Is Asked to
Declare the Urban Burial
Ordinance Unconstitutional
Directors of Laurel Hill Cemetery
and many owners of burial plats in
the tract are dissatisfied with the re
cent decision of the State Supreme
Court to the effect that the ordinance
approved March 30, 1900, prohibiting
further burials therein or anywhere else
within the limits of the city and county
of, San Francisco is invalid. Suit to
determine the constitutionality of the
ordinance was filed yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court by Bessie
Hume, who names as defendants the
Laurel Hill Cemetery, the city and
county of ■ San Francisco, Mayor
Schmitz, the Board of Supervisors, Dr.
Rafran and the Board of Health.
The complaint sets forth that in No
vember, 1903, she applied to the ceme
tery association for permission to bury
the body of Sarah R. Macbeth in the
family plat, where had been previously
interred the bodies of her husband,
Robert Stuart Macbeth; their three
children and their grandchild, and that
the cemetery authorities refused to per
mit the Interment to take place, alleg
ing as* a reason the prohibitive ordi
nance of March 30. The Board at
Health likewise refused to grant a per
mit for the burial for the same reason.
Many things in the complaint read
more like a chapter of the ancient his
tory of this city than a dry legal docu
ment, such as complaints on consti
tutional questions are supposed to be.
For instance, it Is recited that on May
30, 1854, Nathaniel Gray and his asso
ciates devoted the Laurel Hill tract of
land for the purposes of a rural ceme
tery, and that on that occasion C. K.
Garrison, Mayor of the city, delivered
an address; that Hon. E. D. Baker de
livered occasional addresses, and was
burled there on December 11, 1861. Then
the complaint goes on to say that Rev.
Thomas Starr King, standing by Bak
er's unfilled grave, said: "We have
borne him now to the home of the dead,
to the cemetery which, after fit ser
vices and prayer, he devoted in a ten
der and thrilling speech to its hallowed
purposes."
"A poem written for the occasion,"
continues the complaints "was read by
'its author, Frank Soule, and Right
Rev. William Ingrraham Kip delivered
the dedicatory address." Several
hundred words of this address are
1 quoted in the^ complaint, evidently to
show that the cemetery had been dedi
cated formally to public use as a
cemetery. •
At that time, it is averred, the ceme
tery was outside of the corporate lim
its of the city, two miles from the
business center and one mile from any
part of the city used for dwelling pur
poses, and there were no streets or
municipal roads leading thereto. 'It is
alleged thatmp to the time of the con
veyance of the cemetery to the Laurel
Hill Cemeter Gray and his associates
had expended more than $160,000 in im
provements over and above receipts
and had sold to private parties more
GUARDSMEN CALLED UP
FOR ANXUAIi INSPECTION
Not Having Been Provided With
Belts, the Men Cannot Present
Soldierly Appearance.
There Is a report In National
Guard circles to the effect that be
fore long-. In addition to the change
in the adjutant's general office, in
which, in all probability, J! Locke will
succeed General Stone, there will be
several retirements In the upper
grades and that new appointments
will be announced.
The annual inspection by Major
Wilhelm. retired, U. S. A., and tl\e
State inspector commenced last week
and during the current month those
units that are to be inspectd and mus
tered will be in the following order:
The signal corps of the First Brigade;
Troop D, cavalry; brigade com
mander and staff of \the First
Brigade ; headquarters, field and
staff; band and detachment of
sanitary corpa of Seventh Infan
try; Companies A, C, F, B., L, H, E.
M, K, G, D and I, Seventh Infantry;
Troop C, cavalry; Company B, Fifth
Infantry; brigade commander and
staff, Second Brigade; headquarters,
field and staff and detachment of the
sanitary corpa of the Fifth Infantry,
and headquarters, field and staff,
sanitary corps and band, First Artil
lery. The other units will be inspect
ed during March and April, the last
being on April 26.
There is some guessing aa to how
the men will look \ at' inspection, in
view of the fact that they are without
belts and therefore have no place in
which to place bayonets. It was ex
pected that they would have had belts
issued to them long before this, but
there has been a hit6h somewhere and
the result will be that they will not
be able to present the neat and sol
dierly appearance expected of them.
In the Fifth Infantry eight men
have been discharged from the ser
vice of the State, seven on account of
removal and one for good of the ser
vice.
Revenue From Electricity.
The revenue of the electricity plant
of the Mills building, according to a
statement filed with the Supervisors
yesterday, was $2257 25 during 1903
and the expenditures $643 77. The
original cost of the plant was $10,000
and its estimated present value Is $500.
tnan 3ouo burial lots ana piats. un
June 23, 1871, Thomas H. Selby. as
Mayor of the city/ granted the Laurel
Hill Cemetery a tract of land not de
voted to the purposes of a cemetery
for the consideration of $24,139 79.
The complaint contends that by the
provisions of an act of the Legislature
approved April 18, 1859/ plats which
have been sold by cemetery associa
tions to private persons and Interments
made therein shall be forever thereafter
inalienable, and shall upon the death
of their owners or holders descend to
their heirs at law.
Seven acres remain unsold. These
are valued at $75,000, and are sufficient
for the interment of 9000 bodies. The
contention is made that the prohibitory
ordinance is a municipal law Impair
ing the obligations of a contract, and
that its enforcement deprives . the citi
zen of property without due process of
law.
Lloyd & Wood and Haven & Haven
are plaintiff's attorneys.
WILL ABOLISH
CHINESE FILTH
Health Authorities Recommend
Closing of Cellars and Con
creting of Exposed Surfaces
An understanding was reached yes
terday at a conference in the rooms of
the Merchants' Association, in pursu
ance of which the purification of
Chinatown in this city will be con
tinued with vigor for another year.
Old buildings that are a detriment to
the public health will be torn down,
cellars will be closed and sanitary
measures of various kinds will be rec
ommended* to the Supervisors by the
San JTrancisco Board of Health. The
Statff Board of Health, the San
Francisco Board of Health and the
Federal health authorities will co-ope
rate to prevent Chinatown from being
a menace to the health of this city.
The conference of yesterday was at
tended by President Frank J. Symmes
and Secretary L». M. King of the Mer
chants' Association, Supervisors d'An
cona. and Brandensteln, Dr. Blue of
the Federal service, Drs. Regensburger
and Foster of the State Board of
Health and Drs. J. W. Ward and Hass
ler of the San Francisco Board of
Health and Louis Levy, deputy health
officer.
Quite a long discussion took place
before any action was recommended.
The following resolutions were intro
duced by Dr. Blue and they were unan
imously adopted:
Resolved, That it li the sense of this meet-
Ing that the sanitary measures adopted by
the city. State and Federal health authorities
In February, 1903, for th« eradication of con
tagious disease In Chinatown be continued for
bo lon»c a time aa may be considered neces
sary: that the city Board of Health ba re
quested to recommend to the Board of Super
visors additional measures for the wholesale
destruction of rats.
Kesolved. That all cellars, basements and
underground places in the district between
California and Pacific, Stockton and Kearny,
be condemned as places of abode and the same
destroyed: that In case of reconstruction the
owners be reaulred to remove surface soil and
to concrete the area thus exposed solidly from
wall to wall. * -
Resolved. That the work be done under the
direction and supervision of the Marine Hos
pital service and that a meeting of the rep
resentatives of the Marine Hospital service,
the city Board of Health and the State Board
of Health be held once every two weeks for
consultation.
President Symmes of the Merchants*
"Association presided. There was no
difference of opinion concerning the
continuation of the work of purifying
and bettering the Chinatown section.
Some question was raised as to the
relative share of expense that should
be borne by. the city of San Francisco
and by the State and figures were made
public.
It appeared that this city is spend
ing $3850 a month in cleansing China
town and that the State is putting up
about $900 a month for the same pur
pose. The cost to the city is on ac
count of the demolition of old shacks,
the removal of filth and the purchase
of disinfectants that are liberally used
and for labor. The labor item is the
heaviest of any In the ' account. The
expense of; the State Board of Health
in Chinatown* is all Incurred in inspec
tion.
. Inasmuch as the Legislature at its
SERVICES IN 3IEMORY
OF DEPARTED BROTHERS
Exercises to Be Held by San Francisco
and Golden Gate Aeries of Eagles
at Native Sons' Hall.
The annual memorial services of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5 and Golden Gate
Aerie No. 61, Fraternal Order of Eagles,
will be held at Native Sons' Hall this
afternoon. The order of exercises will
be as follows:
Chopin's funeral march, orchestra; opening
address, Harry I. Mulcrevy; boIo, "Flee as a
Bird," Miss Gertrude McDermott; invocation.
Rabbi J. Nieto: "In Memoriam," A. A. Van
Horenbergr; "Lead. Kindly Light." Masonic
Male Quartet; cornet solo. "Lost Chord." J. H.
Bromberger; responae. Mayor Schmlta; tenor
solo "Calvary," Fred Everett; eulogy, R. P.
Troy; quartet. "Nearer, My God to Thee*;
benediction. Father McQuade.
The committee of arrangements con
sists of Harry I. Mulcrevy, A. ..A. Van
Homenberg, Charles G. Nagle, Thomas
F. Lindsay, Oscar Hocks, Gustav Pohl
man, John L. Herget, John E. McDou
gald, E. C. Laws and R. P. Troy.
— 4*
last session appropriated $100,000 for the
protection of the health of the State
against contagious diseases and as San
Francisco pays about one-third of the
taxes for the support of the State. Pres
ident Symmes and the Supervisors, in
attendance said that they thought San
Francisco ought to have a greater
share of benefits from the appropria
tion than $900 a month. This claim was
also based on the fact that San Fran
cisco is benefiting and defending the
health of the entire State. by Its work
in Chinatown. The expenditures for
Chinatown by city and State combined
amount now to $57,000 per annum on
the basis of the figures submitted yes
terday.
ismar. ;
By the Marvelous Gypsy
Seeress, Ismar.
James Hartmouth lost $1200 In gold, and who had taken it. Mr. Hartmoath
It was stolen from his room. Detectives immeaiately recovered his -money and
were detailed upon the case to no pur- the mystery was solved.
Ismar never falls to solve any kind of
, -^g .I i^ riddles or mysteries that disturb the
/ /O > TS»^ g J& mind. If you have lost anything of
f// i Z7!ii^i£j\ , *> value ami desire to locate it. Ismar can
/\ a /^/jRfcisJttSi^SrA ~!t*-T do ll for you - If you dl?f! irp to find a
/h v \ / yS f /i-MSafP&Sapk W- 1 r. f loved (mo wlmm you arp unable to tracf
/ l:.&4~3W i'WZZ^^Sfth I ' Ismar ran h*lp you. If you are about to
f -Kvjr-ySf/ 4Jftra&i£p?H*V engage in business, and wish to be sum
"^ $5&1 WA^t=^S^M*\ of your course. Ismar ran Fet you ri^ht.
'•^"'Z^iMl. JB *C^S^S^xy % If vou intend to speculate, don't fail to
.r^^.'M^if^<r : i^^r<Jj '/A cali on Isrnar for advice. Her counsel
r,t\ will enable you to succeed.
s^:-::'/fifflfw58!ii^Z&t £iil?V If you rf ' pnfr? ringr from disease. Ia-
K '^ : '-iJ$ffl'$%&§&*&J »HMfl\ mar c r a , n lo f ate your ailment and hf.il
-■■■'<'/$&% i&f**^***^!'! r'f 'J ''\ y° u - Ucr Rlft nf healing is simply won-
~>W&ffi^ -S«f h -\ derftl1 - Don>t w fa ls « motions present
/.fMffijy * vwr ''V""jT U M y° u rom seeing her
/t&i&m JF*&Bffl '&£r/t ft \ft « If yo V. are ». at a distance, write her.
tWJ*C? \lW/ "" * J**~-iy't V Hfr r?!nlinRS by mill are ccinallv aa nu«-
i f^f&Y •'-jfc*L&&&r ;^t*?^ >/» -1 f'^f»> aa h?r personal roartin^s. Thre*
Kihlti^* K^-tf\S&P : -- ! ***'^' ' -_/O ;■ questions answered ' for $1.00; full life
Fi^fav&S&'i-i\Z$^ — "—&«»""* €& '>' reading, J5.00. Send money by Wells-
fll^^"^^^-^" S?er°edKe°r fflCO mOney ° rder .° r »*
Office hours, 10 a. ra to 5 n m Sr»n
pose. No trace of it could be found. At days. 10 a. m. to l p m AddrTsa i™I
last he heard of Ismar and sought her Market St., above MasonI Phona flonth
aid. She told him where the money was mi, *-none uoutli
TWO SISTERS MEET AFTER
FORTY YEARS' SEPARATION
Are Brought Together by Reading a
Personal Mention Made In
• ' . The CaU.
Two sisters met hero yesterday after
a separation of nearly forty years
brought together by reading a personal
mention in The CalL Neither knew of
the presnee of the other in the city.
One is Mrs. E. H. McCraken of Port
land, Or., and the other Mrs. Mary
Lemon of New York. Both were born
In San Francisco, but in the early *60's
the marriage of Mrs. Lemon took her
to New York, and Mrs. McCraken. who
was then Miss Minnie PIxley, went with
her family to Oregon to live. She mar
ried there and has since resided In that
State.
Mrs. McCraken was returning from
an Eastern trip and stayed over hera
for a day en route to Portland, when
Mrs. Lemon, who also happened to be
visiting here, saw the announcement in
The Call that her sister was at the
Palace. She immediately rushed to the
hotel, where a most Joyous meeting
took place. Both were young girls at
parting and now both are mothers of
families.
Mrs. McCraken and Mrs. Lemon are
sisters of the late Annie PIxley, who
was made famous throughout this
country and England by her delightful
impersonation of M'liss.
Wants Partnership Dissolved.
F. W. L. Dettman, who, with Gus
Fude. conducts a lodging-house at 23
East street, filed a suit for a dissolu
tion of the partnership yesterday. He
claims that Fude has not accounted
to him for $400 of the receipts of the
house.