The Sunday Call Magazine2
THE TWO VAREVELS
>Vatch for the real liter
ary sensation of the. year—
"To - Morrow's Tangle"-
By Geraldino Bonner,
which will begin in the
next Sunday Call. It is
a story of the great virgin
West— of a woman who
loved one of its pionecrs
who crossed the plains
with him-who gave him
up to another woman-who
finally survived to dp
great things with the glit
tering wealth that Cali
fornia showered upon
them. This is the last
installment of the "Two
Yanrevcls." Don't miss
the thrilling novel that
follows it.
Copyright by McClure. Phillips & Co.
CHAPTER XV.
WHEN JUNE CAME.
**Metlioupht I met a. damsel fair .
And tears were in her eyes;
Her hea«i and arms were bare.
I heard her bursting sighs.
"I Ftopp'd and locked her in the face,
'Tv.as then f he sweetly smiled.
Her features shone with mournful grace.
Far more than Nature's child.
"With diffident and downcast eye.
In modest tones she spoke;
She wiped a tear and gave a sigh.
And then her silence broke — '
8O sang Mrs. Tanberry at the
piano, relieving the melancholy
which possessed her; but Nel
son, pausing in the hall to
listen, and exceedingly curious
concerning: the promised utterance of
the damsel fair, was to suffer disap
pointment, as the ballad was broken
off abruptly and the songstress" closed
the piano with a mc-nstrous clatter.
Little doubt may be entertained that
the noise was designed to disturb Mr.
Carewe. who sat upon the veranda con
sulting a brown Principe, and less that
the intended insult' was accomplished.
For an expression of a vindictive r.a
turo was precipitated in that quarter
so simultaneously that the bans of the
piano lid and the curse were even as
the report of a musket and the imme
diate » • of the wc-unded.
Mi«. inberry at once debouched up
on the piazza, showing a vast, clouded
countenance. "And I hope to heaven
you already had a headache:" she ex
claimed.
'"The courtesy of your wish, madam,"
Carewe replied, with an angry flash of
his rye. "is only equaled by the kind
ness of heaven in answering It. I have,
in fact, a headache. I always have,
nowadays."
"That's good news," returned the lady
heartily. ,
"I thank you," retorted her host.
"Perhaps if you treated your daugh
ter with even a decent Indian's kind of
politeness, you'd enjoy Dctter healtbV'
"Ah! And in what failure to perform
rny duty toward her have I incurred
your displeasure?"
"Where is ehe ium?" exclaimed the
other excitably. "Where is she now?"
"I cannot say."
"Yes, you can, Robert Carewe!" Mrs.
Tp.nberry retorted, with a wrathful ges
ture. "You know well enough she's in
her own room, and so do I — for I tried
to frtt in to comfort her when I heard
her crying. . She's in there with the door
bolted, where you drove her!"
"I drove her!" he sneered.
'Yes. you did. and I heard you. Do
you think I couldn't hear you raging
and storming a.t her like a crazy man?
"When you get in a temper do you
drea.ni there's a soul in the neighbor
hood who doesn't know it? You're a
fool if you do, because they could have
heard you swearing down on Main
street, if they'd listened. What are you
trying to do_ to her? — break her spirit?
— or what? Because you'll' do it, or kill
her. 1 never heard anybody cry so
heart brokenly." Here 'the good wo
man's own eyes filled. "What's the use
of pretending?" Ehe went on sorrow
fully. "You haven't spoken to her kind
ly sirre you came home. Do you sup
pose I'm blind to that? You weren't a
bad husband Uo the poor child's
mother: why can't you be a good father
to her?"
"Perhaps you might begin by asking
her t<« be a good daughter to me."
"What has she done?" ■ %
"The night before I went away -she
ran to a fire and behaved there like a
c-ommen street hoyden. The 'ladies of
the Carewe family hayo not formerly
acquired a notoriety of' that kind."
"Bah:" said Mrs. Tanberry.
"The next morning, when I taxed
her with it. she dutifully defied and in
sulted me."
"I can imagine the delicacy with
which you "taxed' her. What has that
to do with your devilish tantrums of
this afternoon, Robert Carewe?"
" I am obliged to you for the expres
sion," he returned. ' "When I came
ho:nt\ this afternoon, I found her read
ing that thing." He pointed to many
very small fragments of Mr. Cum
minps' newspaper, which were scat
tered auout tlie lawn near the veranda.
"She was out here, reading an article
•which I had read downtown and which
apprared In a special edition of that
rotten sheet, Bent out two hours ago."
"Well?"
"Do you know what that article was.
madam, do vou know what it was?"
Although breathing heavily, Mr.',Ca
rc?e had compelled himself to a Cer
tain outward calmness, but now, in the
uncontrollable agitation of his anger,
he sprang to his feet and struck one of
the wooden pillars of the porch a
shocking blow with the bare knuckles
of his clenched hand. "Do you know
what it was?. It was a eulogy of that
damned Vanrevel! It pretended to be
an account of the enrollment of his in
fernal company, but It was nothing
more than a glorification of that nigger
loving hound! His company— a lot of
sneaks, who'll run like sheep from the
first Greaser — elected him captain yes
terday, and to-day he received an ap
pcir.tment as major! It dries the blood
in my veins to think of it— that black
dog a major! Good God! am I never to
hear the last of him? Cummings wrote
It, the fool, the lying, fawning. slobber-
Ing fool: he ought to be shot for It!
Neither he nor his paper ever enter my
doors again! And I took the dirty sheet
from her hands and tore it to pieces — "
"Yes," interposed Mrs. Tanberry, "it
looks as if you had done it with your
teeth."
"—And stamped it into the ground!"
"Oh, I heard you! " she said.
Carewe came close to her, and gave
her a long look from such bitter eyes
that her own fell before them. "If
you've been treacherous \o me, Jane
Tanberry," he said.' " then God punish
you! If they've met— my daughter and
that man— while I was away, It Is on
your head. I don't ask you. because I
believe If you knew anything you'd lie
for her sake. But I tell you that as
she read that paper, she did not hear
my step on the walk nor know that I
was there until I leaned over her
Bhoulder. And I swear that I suspect
her."
He turned and walked to the door,
while the Indomitable Mrs. Tanberry.
silenced for once, sank into the chair
he had vacated. Before he disappeared
within thjs house, he paused.
"It Mr. Vanrevel has met my daugh
ter," he said, in a thick voice, stretch
ing c-ut both hands in a strange, men
acing gesjture toward the town that lay
darkling in the growing dusk, " If he
has addressed one word to her, or so
much as allowed his eyes to rest on her
overlong, let him take care of himself!"
"Oh. Robert, Robert," Mrs. Tanberry
cried, in a frightened whisper to her
self, "all the fun and brightness went
out of the world when you came
home!"
Forjn truth, the gayety and light
heartedness which, during the great
lady's too brief reign, had seemed a vi
tal adjunct of the house, to make tho
place resound with music and laughter,
were now. departed. No more did Mrs,.
Tanberry extemporize Dan Tuckers.
mazourkas, or quadrilles in the ball
room, nor blind-man's buff in the li
brary; no more did serenaders nightly
seek the garden with instrumental
plunklngs and vocal gifts of harmony.
Even the green bronze boy of the foun
tain seemed to share the timidity of
the other youths of the town where Mr.
Carewe was concerned, for the goblet
he held aloft no longer sent a lively
stream leaping into the sunshine in
translucent gambols, but dribbled and
dripped upon him like a morbid au
tumn rain. The depression of the place
was like a drape of mourning purple;
but not that house' alone lay glum, and
there were other reasons than the re
turn of Robert Carewe why Rouen had
lost the joy and mirth that belonged to
It. Nay. the merry town had changed
beyond all credence; It was hushed like
a sick-room, and dolefully murmurous
with forebodings of farewell and sor
row.
For all the very flowers of Rouen's
youth had promised to follow - Tom
Vanrevel on the long and arduous
journey to Mexico, to march burning
miles under the tropical eun, to face
strange fevers and the guns of Santa
Anna. '• * .
Few were the houses of the more pre
tentious sort that did not mourn. In
prospect, the going of son. or brother,
or cjose friend: mothers, already wept
not In secret, fathers talked with husky
bravado;, and every one was kind to
those who were to go, speaking to them
gently and bringing them little foolish
presents. Nor could the hearts of girls
now longer mask as blocks of Ice to
the prospective conquistadores; Eu
gene Madrlllon's young brother, Jean,
after a two .years' Beatrice and Bene
dict wooing of Trixie Chenoweth (that
notable spitfire) announced his engage
ment upon the day after his enlistment,
and recounted to all who would listen
how his. termagant fell upon his neck
in tears 'when she heard v the news.
"And now 'she cries about me all the
time," finished the frank Jean blithely.
But there was little spirit for the old
merriments;, there were no more car
pet dances at the Bareaud's, no mas
querades at the Madrillons', nv picnics
In the woods nor excursions , on the
river; and no more did light feet bear
Ught hearts through the "mazes of the
intricate schottlsche," as.Wljl Gum
mings remarked In the Journal. Fan
chon, Virginia, , arid five. or 'six others,
spent their afternoons mournfully, and
yet proudly, sewing and cutting large
pieces • of colored silk, fashioning a
great flag for their sweethearts and
brothers to bear southward and plant
where stood the palace of . the Monte
zumas.
That was sad work for .- Fanchon,
though it was not for her brother's sake
that she wept, since, as every one knew,
Jefferson was already so full of malaria
and quinine that the fevers of the
South and Mexico must find him in
vulnerable, and even his mother j be
lieved he. would only, thrive and grow
hearty -on his soldiering. But about
.Crailey, Fanchon had a presentiment
more vivid than any born of the natural
fears for his safety; It came to her
again and again, reappearing In her
dreams; she shivered and started often
as she worked on the flag, then bent
her fair head low over the gay sHke,
while the others glanced at her sym
pathetically. She had come to feel quite
sure that Cralley was to be shot.
"But I've dreamed it— dreamed it six
times!" she cried, when he laughed at
her and tried to cheer her. ."And It
comes to me in the day time as though
I saw It with my eyes; the. picture ..of
you in an officer's uniform, lying on the
fresh, green grass, and a red stain just
below, the throat." ■ :: ;
"That shows what dreams are made
of, dear lady," he smiled. "We'll find
little green, grass in Mexico, and I'm
only a corporal; so where's the officer's
uniform?"; ' \
Then' Fanchon wept the more, and
put ' her 'arms about ,him, while It
seemed to her; that: she "must -. cling to
him: so forever. and, thus withhold him
from fulfilling her; vision.^ahd' that the
gentle pressure of her "arms mustjsorne
how preserve him to • life and |tpj hen'
"Ah, you can't go, darling,"; she sobbed,
while he petted her and tried -to soothe
her. "You can't leave me! -You belong
THE SANvFRANQSCO SUNDAY CALE.
to me! They can't, can't, can't ta«.e juti
away from me!" ...
-And when the flag was completed,
save for sewing the stars upon the blue
ground, she took it away from the
others and insisted upon finishing the
work herself. T.o' her own room, she
carried it. and each of the white stars
that the young men of Rouen were to
follow In the struggle that would add
so many others to the constellation was
Jeweled with her tears and kissed by
her lips as it took its place with its
brothers. Never were neater stitches
jtaken, for, with every atom of her body
yearninc to receive the shot that was
destined for Crailey, this quiet sewing
was all that she could do! She would
have followed him, to hold a parasol
over him under the dangerous sun, to
cook his meals- properly, to watch over
him with medicines and blankets and a
fan; she would have followed barefoot
and bareheaded, and yet, her heart
breaking with the crucial yearning to
mother him and protect him, this was
all that she could do for him, this srnall
stitching. at the flag he had promised
to follow. • .' '
When the work was quite finished,
she went all over it- again with double
thread, not facing the superstition of
her motive, which was to safeguard her
lover; the bullet that was destined for
Crailey might, in the myriad chances,
strike the flag first and be deflected,
though never so slightly, by one of
these last stitches, and Cralley's heart
thus missed by the sanie margin.
It was at this juncture, when the
weeping of women was plentiful, when
old men pulled long faces, and the very
urchins of the street observed periods
of gravity and even silence, that a
notion entered the head of Mrs. Tan
berry—young Janie \ Tanberry— to the
effect that such "things were air wrong.
She declared energetically that this was
no decent fashion of farewell; that af
ter the soldiers went away there would
be time enough to enact the girls they
left* behind them; .'andi'th'at,* until then,
the. town should be made enlivening.
So she went about preaching a revival
of cheerfulness. -■ waving v her ' Jeweled
hand merrily from the Carewe carriage
to the volunteers- she saw upon the
street,- calling out to"- them with laugh
ter and' inspiring quip;"- -everywhere
scolding the mourners viciously In her
husky voice, and -leaving so much of
heartening vivacity in . her : wake that
none could fail to be convinced that she
woman.** !"' ..^■- v * x : ; > : ■
£ Nor was her , vigor.: spent i In\valni * It
was decided that a ball should be given
to-the volunteers of. Rouen ; two nights
before their departure for the State
rendezvous, and it should be made the
noblest festival in Rouen's history; the
subscribers took their oath to it. They
rented the dining-room at the Rouen
Hi/use, covered the floor with smooth
cloth; and hung the walls solidly with
banners and roses, for June had come:
More, they ran a red carpet across the
sidewalk (which was perfectly dry and
clean) almost to the* other side of the
street; they imported two extra fiddles
and a clarionet to enlarge the orches
tra; and they commanded • a supper
such as a hungry man beholds in a
dream. ~\~- "
Miss Betty laid out ' her prettiest
dress that evening, and Mrs. Tanberry
came ; in and worshiped it as it rested,
like foam of lavender and white and
gray, 5 upon the bed, beside the snowy
gloves with their tiny, stiff lace gaunt
lets, while two small white sandal
slippers, with jeweled buckles where
the straps crossed each other, were be
ing fastened upon Miss . Betty's silken
feet by the vain and gloating Mamie.
"It's a wicked cruelty, Princess!" ex
claimed Mrs. Tanberry. "We .; want to
cheer the poor fellows and help them to
be gay, and here do you deliberately
plan to make them, sick at the thought
of leaving the place'that holds you!
Or have you discovered that there's one
poor vagabond of the band getting off
without having, hia^ heart broken, and
made up your mind.to do it for him to
night?" V '. • . .
"Is father to go with us?".: asked
Betty. It was through' Mrs. Tanberry
that she now derived all- information
concerning Mr. Carewe, as he had not
directly, addressed 'her since the after
noon when : he : discovered her reading
the 'Journal's extra.
"No, we are to .meet him '. there. He
seems rather pleasantcr than usual this
evening," remarked Mrs. Tanberry.
hopefully, as she retired.;^
"Den we mus' git ready to share big
trouble to- mo rrer!" commented ' the
kneeling Mamie, .with a giggle. .
■ Alas! poor' adoring"; servitor, she're
celved,a s '"Bhare* unto : « herself that very
evening, for} her: young mistress, usu
ally as amiable as a fair summer sky,
fidgeted,* grumbled, found no thing well
"dqne.'-and was never • two minutes In
the same mind. After donning the •se
lected ; dress, she declared it . a fright,
tried : two j others, abused J each j roundly,
dismissed her/ almost weeping hand-
maiden abruptly, and again put on the
first. Sitting down to the mirror, she
spent a full hour over the arrangement,
of her hair, looking attentively at her
image, sometimes with the beginning
of doubtful approval, often angrily,
and. now and then, beseechingly,. Im
ploring it to be lovely.
When Mrs. Tanberry came In to tell
her that Nelson was at the block with
the carriage, Miss Betty did not turn,
and the elder lady stopped on the thres
hold and gave a quick, asthmatic gasp
of delight For the picture she saw
was. without a doubt in the world,
what she proclaimed it. a moment later,
ravishlngly pretty; the girlish little
pink and white room with all Its dainty
settings for a background, lit by the
dozen candles in their sconces and half
as many slender silver candle-sticks,
and, seated before the twinkling mir
ror, the beautiful. Miss Carewe, In her
gown of lace and flounces that were
crisp, yet soft,. her rope of pearls, her
white sandals, and all the glory of her
youth. She had wound a wreath of
white roses . Into her hair, her cheeks
were flushed, and her eyes warm and
glowing, yet inscrutable in their long
gaze Into the mirror.
"Oh," said Mrs. Tanberry, "you make
me long to.be a man! I'd pick you up
and run to the north pole, where no
one could ever follow. And I can tell
you that it hurts not to throw my arms
round" you and kiss you; but you're so
exquisite I don't want to touch you!"
In answer. Miss Betty ran to her and
kissed her rapturously on both cheeks.
"Am I — after all?" she cried. "Am I?
Is it? Will the roses do?" And without
heeding her companion's staccatocs of
approval she went rapidly to the open
bureau, snatched up a double handful
of ribbons and furbelows, and dashed
out of the room In search, of the dis
graced Mamie. She found her seated
on the kitchen door steps in lonely
lamentation, and showered the gifts
Into her lap, while the vain one shrieked
Inimitably with pride in the sudden
vision c-f her mistress and joy ef the
incredible possessions.
"Here, and here, and here," said Miss
Betty in a breath, hurling the fineries
upon her. "I'm an evil-tongued shrew,
Mamie, and these aren't to make up
for the pain I gave you. but just to
show that I'd like to If I knew how!
Good-by!" And she was off like an
April breeze.
"Dance wid the han'somdest,"
screamed Mamie, pursuing uproariously.'
to see the last ofiier as she Jumped into
the carriage,' "bow to de wittrlest, an*
kiss depone you love bes'!"^ ;• -
"That will be you!" said^Mlss Betty
to Mrs: Tanberry, and kissed the good
lady again.
CHAPTE±R XVL
"THOSE . ENDEARING YOUNG
CHARMS."
It Is a matter not of notoriety but of
the. happiest celebrity that Mrs. Tan
berry danced that night; and not. only
that she danced, but that she waltzed.
To the lot of Topplngham Marsh
(whom she pronounced the most wheed
ling vagabond, next to Cralley Gray, of
her acquaintance) It fell to persuade
her; and, after walking a quadrille with
the elder Chenoweth, she waltzed with
Tappingham^ More extraordinary to
relate, she danced down both her part
ner and *he music Thereupon did Mr.
-Bareaud, stung with envy, dare emu
.latlon and essay a schottische -with
Miss . Trixle Chenoweth performing
' marvelously well for many delectable
turns before he unfortunately fell
down. It was a night when a sculp-
tured god would have danced on his
pedestal; June, but not over- warm,
balm In the* air and rose leaves on the
breeze; and even Minerva's great heels
might have marked thw.tlme that or
chestra kept. Be sure they waltzed
again to "Those Endearing Young
Charms."
"Oh. the heart that has truly loved never
forgets.
But an truly loves on to the close:
As the sunflower turns on her god when
he seta
The same look that she save when he
rose."
Three of the volunteers were re
splendent in their regimentals; Mr.
Marsh (who had been elected captain of
the new company to succeed Vanrev
el). and Will Cumming3 and Jean Ma
drillon, the lieutenants. This glory was
confined to the officers, who had or
dered their uniforms at home, for the
privates and non-commissioned officers
were to receive theirs at the State ren
dezvous. However, although this gala
adornment was limited to the three
gentlemen mentioned, their appearance
added "an indescribable air of splendor
and pathos. to the occasion." to quote
Mr. Cummings once more. A fourth
citizen. of the town who might have
seized upon this opportunity to display
himself as- a soldier neglected to take
advantage of it. and stole in quietly,
toward the last, in his ordinary attire,
leaving the major's uniform folded on
a chair In his own room. The flag was
to be presented to the volunteers at the
close of the evening, and Tom came for
that— so he claimed to his accusing
soul.
He entered unobserved and made his
way, keeping close to the wall, to where
Mrs. Bareaiid sat. taking a chair at her
side; but Robert Carewe, glancing
thither by chance, saw him. and
changed countenance for an Instant.
Mr. Carewe composed his features
swiftly, excused himself with elaborate
courtesy from Miss Chenoweth. with
whom he was talking, and crossed the
room to a corner near his enemy.
Presently, as the music ceased, the vol
unteers were bidden to come forward,
whereupon Tom left Mrs. Bareaud and
began to work his way down the room-
Groups were forming and breaking up
in the general movement of the crowd,
and the dissolving of one brought him
face *»to face with Elizabeth Carewe,
who was moving slowly in the opposite
direction, a small flock of suitors in her
train.
The confrontation came so suddenly
and so unexpectedly that, before either
was aware, they looked squarely Into
each other's eyes, full and straight, and
both stopped instantly as though trans
fixed, .Miss Betty leaving a sentence
forever half complete. There was a
fierce, short vocal sound from the
crowd behind Vanrevel; but no one no
ticed Mr. Carewe: and then Tom bowed
gravely, as In apology for blocking the
way, and passed on.
Miss Betty began to talk again, much
at random, with a vivacity too greatly
exaggerated to be genuine, while the
high color went from her cheeka and
left her pale. Nothing could . have en
raged her more, with herself than the
consciousness, now suddenly strong
■within her, that the encounter had a
perceptible effect upon her. "What pow
er had this man to make her manner
strained and mechanical? What right
had his eyes always to stir her as they
did? It was not he for whom she had
spent an hour over her hair; not he for
whom she had driven her^poor hand
maiden away in. tears; that -was for
one who bad not come, one great In
heart and goodness*, one of a pure and
sacrificial life who deserved all she
could give, and for whose sake she had
honored herself in trying to look as
pretty as she sould. He had not come;
and that hurt her. a little, but sho felt
his generosity, believing: that his motive
was to spare her, since she could not
speak to him In Mr. Carewe's presence
without open and public rupture with
her father. Well, she was almost
ready for that, seeing how little of a
father hers was! Ah! that other should
have come, if only to stand between her
and this tall hypocrite whose dark
glance had such strength to disturb her.
What lies that gaze contained, all In th«
one flash — the strange pretense of com
prehending her gently but completely;
a sad compassion, too, and with It a
look tff farewell, seeming to say: "Once
more I have come for this— and just.
•Good-by I' " For she knew that he was
going with the others, gotnr perhaps
forever, only the day after to-morrow—
then she would see him no more and be
free of him. Let the day after to-mor
row come soon! Miss Betty hated her
self for understanding the adieu, and
hated herself more- because she could
not be sure that, in the startled mo
ment of meeting before she collected
herself, she had let it go unanswered.
She had done more than that; with
out knowing It she had bent her head
to his bow, and Mr. Carewe had seea
both the salutation and the look.
The young men were gathered near
the orchestra, and, to the hilarious
strains of "Yankee Doodle." the flag
they were to receive by the sisters and
sweethearts who had made it, all of
whom were there, except Fanchon Ba
reaud. Cralley had persuaded .her to
surrender the. flag for the sake' of
spending this evening— next to his last
in Rouen— at home alone with him.
The elder Chenoweth made the speech
of presentation, that is, he made part
of it before he broke down, for his son
stood in the ranks of the devoted band.
Until 'this incident occurred, all had
gone trippingly, for every one had tried
to put the day after to-morrow from
his mlnd. v Perhaps there might not
have been so many tears even now,
if the youns men had not stood to
gether scr smilingly to receive their gift;
it was seeing them so gay and confi
dent, so strong in their youth and so
unselfish of purpose: it was thl3. and
the feeling that all of them must suffer
and some of them die before they came
back. So that when Mr. Chenoweth.
choking In his loftiest flight, came to a
full stop, and without -disguise buried
his face in his handkerchief, Mrs. Tan
berry, the apostle of gayety. openly
sobbed. Chenoweth, without more ado.
carried the flag over to Tappingham
Marsh, whom Vanrevel directed to re
ceive'it, and Tappingham thanked the
donors without many words, because
there "were- not then many at his com
mand.
Miss Care we had been chosen to sins
"The Star-Spangled Banner." and she
stepped out a little from the crowd to
face the youns man, as the orchestra
sounded the first chord. She sang In a
full, clear voice, but when the volun
teers saw that, as she sang, the tears
were streaming down her cheeks in
spite of the brave voice, they be;an toCooks vlth the others. If Miss Betty
Caretve found them worth weeping for.
•Iiey could afford to cry a little for
themselves. Yet they joined the chorus
iKJbly. and raised the roof with the
''•"-gins sons, sending tho flamboyant,
proud old words thunderously to
heavca;
.. n£t wag net the last song of the
night! General Trumble.ai-.d Mr. Chen
«n\clh had invited their young fricnd3
Lv attend, after the ball, a collation
v.hich they chose to call a supper, but
which, to accord with the hour, might
more aptly have been designated a
breakfast. To afford a private retreat
for the sc:cr.<? of this celebration, they
had borrowed the offices of Gray &
Vr.nrevel. and Orailey hospitably an
nounced that any guest was welcome to
ztAy fc-r a year or two, since, probably,
neither of the firm would have need of
for at least that length of
lime. Nine men gathered about the ta
ble which replaced Tom's workaday
old acsk: the two Chenoweths. Eugene
MadrilJon, Harsh, Jefferson Baieaud,
the stout srcncral, Tom Vanrevel, Cral
ley and Will Cummings, the editor,
coming in a little late, but rubbing his
hsnds cheerfully over v.hat he declared
vc.s tu be the last column from his pen
to rear its length on the Journal's front
page for many a long day— a descrip
tion of the presentation of the flag, a
bit of prose which he considered almost
equal to his report or the warehouse
fire.
This convivial party made merry and
tried to forget that most of them had
"been mighty tcary;" as Marsh said,
an hour earlier; while Chenoweth
sat with his hand on his son's shoulder,
unconsciously most of the time, apolo
getically removing it when he observed
it. Marij' were the witticisms concern
ing the diflercr.ee in rank henceforth to
be observed between the young men, aa
Tom was now a major. Marsh a cap
tain. Will Cummings a second lieuten
ant. 2nd the rest mere privates, ex
cept Crailey, who was a corporal.
Nevertheless, though the board was
festive, it was somewhat subdued and
absent until they came to the toasts.
It was Tappingham who proposed to
Miss Betty Carewe. "I know Tom Van
revel will understand — nay, I know he's
man enough to join us," said Marsh as
lie rose. "Why shouldn't I say that we
niay hail ourselves as patriots, indeed,
since at the call of our countfy we de
part from the town which is this lady's
home, and at the trumpet's sound re
sign the gracious blessing of seeing her
day by day; and why shouldn't we ad
mit loyally and openly that it is her
image alone which shines in the hearts
of most of us here?'*
And no man arose to contradict that
Ej'^-ech. which appears to have rung
ti ue, seeing that four of those present
had proposed to her (again) sthat same
-Evening.
"So I give you," cried Tappingham,
gallantly, "the health of Miss Betty
Carewe, the loveliest rose of our bou
uuet! May she remember us when wo
come home!"
They rose and drank it with a shout.
Put Tom Vanrevel, not setting down
his cup. went to the window and threv/
wide the shutters, letting in a ruddy
shaft of the morning sun, so that as he
stood in the strong glow he looked like
a man carved out of red gold. He lifted
his glass, not toward the table and his
companions, while they stared at him,
surprised, but toward the locusts of
Carewe Street.
"To Miss Betty Carewe," he said,
"the finest flower of them all! May she
remember those who never come
home!"
And without pausing he lifted his rich
barytone in an old song that had beeu
vastly popular with the young men of
Rcuen ever since the night of Miss Bet
ty's dsbut; they had hummed It as they
went about their dally work, they had
whistled it on the streets, they had
drifted Into dreams at night with the
sound of It still chiming in their ears,
and now, with one accord, as they
stood grathered tog-ether for the last
time in Rouen they Joined Tom Van
revel and sans it again. And the eyes
of Cralley Gray rested very gently upon
his best friend as they sang:
*9c!!«t* me. If «I1 ihoee endearin» youn*
charm a.
VTb'.ch I rar« en # o fondly to-day,
Were to chacce by to-morrow and fleet from
my arms.
Uka fairy ffl'tf **<!lrr away,
Tfcou Tvouldrt etlll be adored as th!» mosient
thou art;
Let thy loveliness fad* aa It will,
And around tfa« dear ruin, «itch wish cf my
bant
Would «ntwH?e lUeU verdantly still."
CHAPTER XVIL
THE PRICE OF SILENCE.
It was the misfortune of Mr. Cuni
xnlnrs* final literary offering to annoy
one of the editor's friends. The Jour
nal was brought to the new corporal
at roon, while he was considering
•whether he should rise from his couch
or sleep another hour. Reclining among
his pillows, he, glanced through Cum
mings' description with the subdued
giggle he always had for the good Wil
liam's style, but as his eye fell upon
one paragraph he started, Eat upright,
and proceeded to read the passage sev
eral time3 with anxious attention.
"Only two or three sources of regret
occurred to mar the delight (in which
young and old participated) of that
festal and dazzling scene. One was
the absence of Miss Fanchon Bareaud,
one of the donors: another, that of
Corporal Gray; a third was the exces
eive- modesty of Major Vanrevel, who,
although present at the time, refused
to receive the ladies' sumptuous offer
ing and insisted that Captain Marsh
v.n3 the proper person to do the hon
ors, to which the latter reluctantly,'
though gracefully, consented. Also we
were sorry that the Major appeared
in citizen's dress, as all were anxious
to witness him in his uniform. How
ever, in our humble Judgment, he will
be compelled by etiquette to don it this
afternoon to receive the officers of the
regular army, who will arrive by the
stage about 5 o'clock, it is expected,
to inspect the company and swear them
into the service of the Federal Govern
ment at the courthouse. We, for one.
have little doubt that, owing to the
Major's well known telent in matters .
of apparel, his appearance will far
eclipse in brilliancy that of his fellow
officers." -
Cralley dressed slowly, returning to
the paper now and then with a per
turbed countenance. How would Miss
Betty explain this paragraph to her-
self, and how account for the fact that
she had not seen Crailey, how for the
fact that she had seen Tom? It seemed
unlikely that she could have overlooked
the latter; Tom was one of tnose whom
everybody saw, wherever he went. And
what inquiries would she make? For
Crailey had no means of knowing that
she would not see the Journal. To
morrow he would be gone, it would
be all over, but he wanted this last
day to run smoothly. What wild hopes
he had of things that should happen
when they all came marching home
no one can say; even if it were not to
be doubted that Crailey ever enter
tained hopes of any kind whatever,
since to hope is to bestow thought upon
the future.
But. however affairs ran with him
so far as hope was concerned, he sel
dom lacked an idea; and one came to
him presently, a notion that put the
frown to rout and broughi, the old smile
to his lips, his smile ot the world-worn
and tolerant prelate. He flicked the
paper lightly from him, and it sped
across the room like a big bird in awk
ward flight. For he knew how to pre
serve his last day as he wished and to
make all smooth.
He finished hig toilet with particular
care, took a flower from a vase on
his table, placed it in his coat, and went
down to the dusty street, where
everything was warm and bright with
summer. It was joy to be alive; there
was wine enough in the air, and
Crailey made up his mind not to take
a drink that day — the last day! The
last day! The three words kept ring
ing, through his head like a- minor
phrase from a song. To-morrow, at
noon, they would be churning down
the river, and this was the last day —
the last day!
"Still not too late to make another
friend at home," he said, stopping to
pat the head of. a mangy street cur
that came j crouching and wobbling
toward hifn like a staveless little keg
worried by scurries of wind. Dogs and
children always fell in love with
Crailey at first sight, and he never
failed to" receive them in the spirit of
their approach. Now the mongrel, at
hi3 touch, immediately turned himself
over and lay upon the pavement with
all pav.s in the air, to say: "Great
lord, magnificent In the graciousness
which deigns to cast a glimpse upon
this abject cluster of ribs, I perceive
that your heart Is too gentle to kick
me In my present helplessness; yet do
with me as you will."
"I doubt If you've breakfasted,
brother," Cralley responded aloud,
rubbing the dog's head softly with the
tip of his boot. "Will you share the
meager fare of one who Is a poet,
should be a lawyer, but Is about to be
come a soldier? Eh, but a corporal!
Ri3e, my friend. Up! and be in your
own small self a whole corporal's
guard! And if your corporal doesn't
come home from the wars, perhaps
you'll remember him kindly? Think?"
He made a vivacious gesture, the
email animal sprang Into the air, con
voluted with gratitude and new love,
while Crailey, laughing "softly, led , the
way. to the hotel. There, while he ate
sparsely himself, he provided munifi
cently for his new acquaintance, and
recommended him, with an acompani
rnent of silver, to the rood offices of
the Rouen House kitchen. After that,
out Into the sunshine again he went,
with elastic step, and a merry word
and a laugh for every one he me* At
the old English gardener's he bought
four or five bouquets and carried .them
on a round of visits of? fare
well to as many old ladies who
had been kind to him. This
done, leaving" his laughter and \ his
flowers behind him, he went to Fun
chon and spent part of the afternoon
bringing forth cunning arguments
cheerily, to prove to her that General
Taylor would be in the Mexican capi
tal before the volunteers reached New
Orleans, and urging upon her his be
lief that they would all be back in
Rouen before the summer wiis gone.
But Fanchon could only sob und
whisper, "Hush, hush!" in the dim
room where they sat, the windows
darkened so that, after he had gone,
he should not remember how red her
eyes were, and the purple depths un
der them, and thus forget how^pretly
she had been at her best. After a
time, finding that the more he tried
to cheer her, the more brokenly she
wept, he grew silent, only stroking her
head, while the summer sounds came
in through the window; the mill whir
of locusts, the small monotone of dis
tant farm bells, the laughter of chil
dren in the street, and the gay arias
of a mocking bird swinging in the
open window of the next house. So
they sat together through the long,
still afternoon of the last day.
No one in Rouen found that after
noon particularly enlivening. Even
Mrs. Tanberry gave,, way to the com
mon depression, and, once more, her
doctrine of cheerfulness relegated to*
the ghostly ranks of the purely theo
retical, she bowed under the burden
of her woe so far as to sing "Me
lhought I Met a Damsel Fair" (her of
the bursting sighs) at the piano.
Whenever sadness lay upon her soul
she had acquired the habit of resort
ing to this unhappy ballad; to-day she
sang it four times. Mr. Carewe was
not at home, and had announced that
though he intended to honor the even
ing meal' with . his attendance, he
should be away for the evening itself;
as comment upon which statement
Mrs. Tanberry had offeted ambiguous
ly the one word, "Amen!" He was
stung to no reply and she had noted
the circumstances as unusual, and also
that he had appeared to labor with
the suppression of a keen excitement,
which made him anxious to escape from
her sharp' little eyes; an agitation for
which she easily accounted when she
recalled that he had seen Vanrevel on
the previous evening, Mr. Carewe had
kept his promise to preserve the peace,
as he always kept it when the two met
on neutral ground, but she had ob
served that his face showed a kind of
hard-leashed Violence whenever he had
been forced to breathe the air of the
same room with his enemy, .and that
the thing grew on him.
Miss Betty exhibited not precisely a
burning interest In the adventure of
the Damsel Fair, wandering out of the
room during the second rendition,'wan
dering back again, and once: more
away. She had moved about the house
In this fashion since early morning,
wearing what Mamie described' as 'a
"peak-ed look." White-faced and rest
less, with distressed eyes,- to. which .no
sleep had come in the night, she could
not read; she could no more than
touch her harp; she could not sleep;
she could not remain quiet for three
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALC.
minutes tc-oCtlier. Often she sank into
is. chair with an air of languor and
'weariness, only to start immediately
out of it and seek some other part of
the house, or to go and pace the gar
den. Here in the air heavy with- roses
and tremulous with June, as she walked
rapidly up and down, late in the after
noon, at the time whe,n the far-away
farm-bells were calling men from the
fields to supper, the climax o£ her rest
lesness came. That anguish and des
peration, so old in her sex, the rebellion
against the law that inaction must be
her part, had fallen upon her for the
first time. She came to an abrupt
stop and struck hsr hands together de
spairingly, and spoke aloud.
"What shall I do! What shall I do!"
"Ma'am?" asked a surprired voice,
just behind her.
She wheeled quickly about, to behold
a shock-headed urchin vt ten in the
path near the little clearing. He was
raj;ged, tanned, dusty, neither shoes
nor coat trammeling his independence:
and Fie had evidently entered the gar
den through the gap in the hedge. .
"I thought'you spoke to me?" he said
inquiringly.
"I didn't see you," she returned.
"What i3 it?" .
"You Miss Carewe?" he asked; but
before she could answer he said reas
suringly, "Why, of course you are!
I remember you perfectly, no.' I git
the light : on . you, so to speak. Don't
you remember me?"
VNo, I don't think I do.".
"Lord!" 'he responded, wonderingly.
"I was one of the boys with you on
them boxes the night of your /pa's
fire!" Mingled with the surprise in his
tone was a respectful, unction which
intimated how greatly he honored her
father for having been the owner of so
satisfactory a conflagration. .
"Were you? Perhaps I'll remember
you if you give me time."
But at this point ' the youth recalled
the fact that he had an errand to dis
charge, and, assuming an expression of
businesslike haste N too pressing to per
mit farther parl^", sought in his
,pockct and produced a scaled envelope,
with which he advanced upon her.
"Here. There's an answer. He told
me not to tell anybody who sent it,
and not to give it to nobody on earth
but you, and now to slip jn through the
hedge and try and find you" in the gar
den, when nobody was lookln", and he
give a "pencil for you to answer on the
back -of it, and a dollar." "y
Miss Betty took the note, glancing
once over, her shoulder at the house, but
Mrs. Tanberry was still occupied with
the: Maiden, . and no one" was . in sight.
She read the message hastily.
"I have obeyed you, and shall al
,ways.- You have ; not sent for me.'Per
haps that was because , there .was no
time when you thought it safe. Per
haps you have still felt there ■ would be
a loss of dignity. ■% Does: :\ that -.weigh
with you against good^by? Tell me. If
you can, that you have it in your heart
to let me go without seeing you" once
more, without good-by— for the last
time. Or was it untrue that you wrote
me what you did? Was that dear let
ter but a fairy dream of .mine? Ah,
will "you see me again, this once — this
once — let me look at you, let me talk
with you, hear your^voice? The last
There was no signature.
Miss Betty quickly wrote four lines
upon the same sheet: "Yes— yes! I
must see you, must talk with you be
fore you go. Come at dusk. The gar
den—near the gap in the hedge. It will
be safe\fof a little while. He will not
be here." She replaced the paper in its
envelope, drew a line through her own
name on the letter and wrote "Mr. Van
revel" underneath, fsip
"Do you knov/ the gentleman who
sent you?" she asked.
"No'm; but ha'll be v»aitin' at his
office, 'Gray -and Vanrevel,' on Main
street, for the answer." , ■/ .
"Then hurry!" said Betty.
He needed no second bidding, but.
with wings en his bare heels, made off
through the gap in the hedge. At the
corner of the street he encountered an
adventure, a gentleman's legs and a
heavy, hand at the same time. , The
hand fell on his shoulder, arresting his
scamper with' a vicious" jerk; and the
boy, was too awed to attempt an escape,
for he knew his captor well by sight,
although never 'before had he found
himself so directly in the company of
Rouen's richest citizen. The note
dropped from the trembling fingers, yet
those fingers did not shake as did the
man's when, like a flash, Carewe seized
upon the missive with his disengaged
hand and saw what two names were on
the envelope.
"You were stealing, were you!" ' he
cried, savagely. "I saw you sneak
through my hedge!" •
"I didn't, either!"
Mr. Carewe ground his teeth. "What
were you doing there?"
. "Nothing!"
- "Nothing!" mocked Carewe. "Noth
ing! You didn't carry this to the young
lady in there and get her answer?" ~,
"NoT sir!" answered the captive,
earnestly. "Cross ray heart I didn't. I
found it!"
Slowly^ the corrugations; ,of anger
wore leveled from the magnate's face,
the white heat cooled, and the prisoner
marveled to find himself in the pres
ence of an urbane gentleman whose
placidity made the scene of a moment
ago appear some trldfc of distorted vis-
Ion. And yet, curious to behold, Mr.
' Carewe's fingers . shook even more . vio
lently than before, as he released the
boy's shouider and -gave him, a friendly
tap '■] on the , head, at ." the same ' time
smiling benevolently.
"There, ■ there.'V he , said,' bestowing a
wink upon the youngster. ; 'It's ' all
; right;* it doesn't matter— only I think I
see'the chance. of a' jest? iritthis. • You
wait, while'I read this little note, this
■ message that you found!" He ended by
winking again :with the friendliest
drollery,. -^
fle turned his back to the boy, and
opened the note; continuing to stand In
that position while he read the two
messages. It struck the messenger that
after this there need be no great
shame in his own lack of this much
vaunted art of reading, since it took
so famous a man as Mr. Carewe such
a length of time to peruse a little note.
But perhaps the great gentleman was
ill. for it appeared to the boy that he
lurched several times, once so far that
he would have gone over if he had not
saved himself by a lucky stagger. And
once, except for the fact that the face
that had turned away had worn an ex
pression of such genial humor, the boy
would have believed that from it issued
a sound like the. gnashing of teeth.
But when it was turned to .him again,
it bore the same amiable jocosity of
mouth and eye. and nothing seemed to
be the matter, except that those fin
gers still shook so wildly, too wildly,
indeed, to restore the note to its en
velope.
"There," said Mr. Carewe. "put it
back, laddie, put it back yourself. Take
it to the gentleman who sent you. 'I
see he's even disguised his hand a
trifle — ha! ha!— and I suppose he may
not have expected the young lady to
write his name quite so boldly on the
envelope! What do you suppose?"
"I dfknow," returned the boy. "I
reckon I don't hardly understand."
"No, of course not," said Mr. Carewe,
laughing rather madly. "Ha, ha, ha!
Of course you wouldn't. And how
much did he give you?"
"Yay!" cried the other. Joyously.
"Didn't he go and hand me a dollar!"
"How much will you take riot to tell
him that I stopped you and read it;
how much not to speak of me at all?"
"What?"
"It's a. foolish kind of joke, nothing
more. I'll give you five dollars never
to tell any one that you saw me to
day." , '. ]'-
"Don't shoot. Colonel," exclaimed the
youth, with a riotous fling of bare feet
in the air, "I'll come down!"
"You'll do it?"
"Five!" he shouted, dancing upon the
boaeds. "Five! I'll cross my heart to
die I never hear tell of you, or ever
knew they was " slch a man In the
world!"
Carewe bent over him. "No! Say:
'God strike me dead and condemn me
eternally to the everlasting flames of
hell If I ever tell!'"
This entailed quick sobriety, though
only benevolence was in the face above
him^ The jig-step stopped, and the boy
pondered, frightened.
"Have I got to say that?"
Mr. Carewe produced a bank-bill
about which the boy beheld a halo.
Clearly this was his day; heaven
showed its approval of his conduct by
an outpouring of imperishable riches.
And yet the oath misllkcd him; there
was a savor of the demoniacal contract;
still that was to' be borne and 'the
plunge taken, for there fluttered the
huge sum before his dazzled eyes. He
took a deep breath. " 'God strike m»
dead'^ " — he began, slowly — " 'if I
ever' "
"-. "No. 'And condemn me to the ever
lasting flames of hell* "
"Have I got to?"
"Yes."
— " 'And condemn me to — to the ever
lasting flames of— of hell, if I ever
tell!'" . .
He ran off, pale with the fear that he
might grow up. take to drink and some
day tell In his cups, but, so resolved
not to coquet with' temptation , that he
went around a block to avoid the door
of the Rouen House bar. Nevertheless,
the note was* in .his hand and' the for
tune in his pocket. •
And Mr. Carewe. was safe. He knew
that the boy would never tell, and he
knew another thing, for he f read the
Journal, , though It came no more to
bis house; he knew. that Tom Vanrevel
wore his uniform that evening, and that
evea In the dusk the brass buttons on
tn officer's breast make a rood mark
Tor a gun steadied along; the ledge of a
window. As he entered the gates and
■went toward the house he glanced up
at the window which overlooked his
garden from the cupola.
CHAPTER XVIII.
THE UNIFORM.
Cralley was not the only man in
Rouen who had been saying to himself
all day that each accustomed thing h«
did was done for the last time. Many
of his comrades went* about with
"Farewell, old friend," in their hearts,
not only fc-r the people, but for th»
usual things of life and the actions of
-habit, now become unexpectedly dear
and sweet to know or to perform. So
Tom Vanrevel. relieved of his hot uni
form, loose a3 to collar, wearing a
big dressing-gown, and stretched in a
chair, watched the sunset from the
western window of the dusty office,
where he had dreamed through many
sunsets in summers past, and now took
his leave of this old habit of his in
silence, with a Ions' cigar, considering
the chances largely against his ever
seeing the sun go down behind the long
■ wooden bridge at the foot of Main
street again.
The ruins of the warehouses had been
removed, and the river was laid clear
to his sight: It ran between ' brown
banks like a river of rubies, and, at the
wharf, the small evening steamboat,
ugly and grim enough to behold from
near by, lay pink and lovely In that'
broad glow, tooting imminent depar
ture, although an hour might elapse
before It would back Into the current.
The sun widened, clung briefly to the
horizon, and dropped beTiind the low
hills beyond the bottom lands; the
stream grow purple, then took on a
luster of pearl as the stars came out.
while rosy distances changed to- misty
blue; the chatter of the birds In tha
Main street maples became quieter, and
through lessoning little choruses of
twittering, fell gradually Into silence.
And now the' blue dusk crept on the
town, and the corner drugstore window
lights threw mottled colors on the*
pavement. jFrom the hall, outside tha
closed office-door, came the sound of
quick, light footsteps; it was Cralley
going out; but Tom only sighed to him
self, and did not hail him. So these
light footsteps of Crailey Gray echoed
but a moment in the stairway, and
were heard no more.
A few moments 'later a tall figure,
wrapped from neck to heels In a gray
cloak, rapidly crossed the mottled
lights, and disappeared into Carews
street. This cloaked person won on
his head a soldier's cap, and Torn, not
recognizing him surely, vaguely won
dered why Tappingham Marsh chose
to muffle himself so warmly on a Jun*
evening. He noted the quick, alert
tread as unlike Marsh's unusual gait,
but no suspicion crossed his mind that
the figure might be that of his partner.
A rocket went up from the Rouen
House, then another, followed by m
salvo of anvils and a rackety discharge
of small arms; the beginning of a no
ble display -of fireworks In celebration
of the prospective victories of th«
United States and the utter discomfit
ure of the Mexicans when tha Rouen
Volunteers should reach tha seat of
war, an exhibition of patriotism which
brought little pleasure to Mr. VanreveL
But over the noise of the street ha
heard his own name shouted from tha
stairway, and almost Instantly a vio
lent knocking assailed the door. Be
fore he could bid the visitor enter, tha
door was flung open by a stout and ex
cited colored woman, who, at sight of
him, threw up her hands In tremulous
thanksgiving. It was the vain Mamie.
She sank into a chair and rocked
herself to and fro, gasping to regain
her lost breath. "Bless de good God
'Imighty you aln* gone out!" aha
panted. "I run an' I run, an' I come bo
fas' I got stitches In de side Turn head
to heel!" •}
Term brought her a glass of water,
which she drank between gasps.
"I nevah run so befo* anduin' my.
llvin' days," she asserted. "You knows
'me, who I am an' whum I cum f urn*
nlgh's well's I know who you Is, X
reckon, Maje' Vanrevel?"
"Yes, yes, I know. "Will yon tall mfl
who sent you?" y. .V
"Miz Tanberry, suh, dat who sanded
me, an' in a venomous hurry she dona
de same!"
"Yes. Why? Does she want me?**
Mamie emitted a screech. ** 'Deed sha
mos' everlas'in'ly does not! Dat da
ve'y exacklndes' llvln.' t'ing sha does
not want!"
"Then what Is It, Mamie?"
"Lemme git my bref, suh, an* y&a
' hole yo'ne whiles I tell you! She say
to me, she say: 'Is you 'qualnted
Maje' Vanrevel?' s* she. an' I up*n*
ansuh, 'Not to speak wid, but dey aln*
none on 'em I don' knows by sight, an*
none betterer dan him,* I say. Den sha
say, she say: "You run all de way an*
fin* dat young man,* she says, s' she*
' 'an* if you den" git dah to' he leave, er
don' stop, him on de way, den God
'Imighty fergive you!' she say. *But you
tell him Turn Jane Tanberry not to
come nigh dls house or dls gyahden dla
night! Tell him dat Jane Tanberry
warn him he mus' keep outer Carewata
way ontel he safe on de boat to-mor
rer. Tell htm Jane Tanberry beg him
to stay in he room dls night, an* dat
she beg it on h;r bented knees!* An*
dis she say to 'me when I tola her
what Nelson see In dat house dls
evenln'. An* hyuh I is, an* hyuh you is,
an' de blessed Jesus be thank', you Is
hyuh!"
Tom regarded her with a crave atten
tion. "What made Mrs. Tanberry think
I might be coming there to-night?"
"Dey's cur'ous goin's-on In dat house,
suh! De young lady she aln' Ilka her
self; all de day long she wanduh up an'
down an' roun' about. Miz Tanberry
are a mighty guessifying woman, an da
minute I' tell her what Nelse sea, sha
s'pec' you a-comin* an* dat de boss
mos' pintedly preparin' fo* It!** !
"Can you make it a little clearer for
me, Mamie? I'm afraid I don't under
stand."
"Well, suh, you know dat ole man
Nelson, he allays tell me ev'yt'int ha
think he know. Jass de same, suh. An*
dat ole Nelse, he moa' 'sessful cull'd
man in de worl* to crops roun' de house
an* pick up de gossip an' git de fo' an*
behlne er what's goin* on. So 'twas dafl
he see de boss, when he come In toMea
evenln', tek dat heavy musket offn* da
racka an' load an' clean her, an' he da
34
It wid a mighty bad look 'bout de
mouf. Den he gone up to de cupoly an'
lef it dah. an' den come down ag'in.
Whiles dey all is eatin 1 , he 'nounces
th'ee time' dat he goin' be 'way endu'in'
de evenln'. Den he gone out ;de front
do*, an' out de gates, an' down de .
street. Den, suh, den. suh, 'taln't no
mo'n a half-'n-'our ago, Nelse come to
me an' say dat he see de boss come
roun* de stable, keepin' close in by de
shrubbery, an' crope in de ball-room
window, w'ich is close to de groun',
puh. ICelse 'uz a cleanln* de harness in
. de back yo'd an* he let on not to see
him, like. Miss Betty, she walkin* in
her gyabden an' Miz Tanberry fan* on
de po'ch. Nelse, he slip in de house wHuh
de lights ain' lit, an* stan' an* listen
long time in de liberry at de foot er dem
sta'hs; an' he hyuh dat man move,
suh! Den Nelse know dat he done
crope up to de cupoly room an' — an' dat
he settin' dah, waltin'! Soze he come
an' tole me. an* I beg Miz Tanberry
come in de kitchen an' I shet de do* an'
tole her. An' she sended me hyuh to
you, suh. An" if you 'uz a-goin', de
good God Mmighty mus' er kep' you
ontel I got hyuh!"
"No; I wasn't going." Tom smiled
upon her, sadly. "I dare say there's a
simpler explanation. Don't you sup
pose that if Nelson was right and Mr.
Carewe really did come back, It was
because he did not wish his daughter
and Mrs. Tanberry to know that— that
h» expected a party of friends, possibly,
to join him there later?"
"What he doin' wid dat gun, suh?
Nobody goin' play cyahds ner frow
dice wid a gun, is dey?" asked Mamie,
as £h» rose and walked toward the
door.
"Oh, that was probably by chance."
"No, Buh!" she cried, vehemently.
"An* dem gelmun wouldn' play t'-night,
no way; mos' on 'em goin' wid you to
morrer an' dey sayln' good-by to de'r
folks dls evenin'. not gamblin'! Miz
Tanberry '11 be in a state er mine ontel
she hyuh f um me, an* I goin'' hurry
> back. You won' come dah, suh? I kin
) tell her dat you say you sutney ain'
comln* nigh our neighborhood dis
night?"
"I had not dreamed of coming, tell
her, please. Probably I shall not go
out at all this evening. But it was
kind of you to come. Good-night"
He stood with a candle to light her
down the stairs, but after she had
gone he did not return to the office.
Instead, he went slowly up to his own
room, glancing first into Crailey's — the
doors of neither were often locked — to
I behold a chaos of disorder and unfin
ished packing. In his own chamber it
only remained for him to close the lids
of a few big boxes, and to pack a small
trunk which he meant to take with him
to the camp of the State troops, and he
would be ready for departure. He set
about this task, and, concluding that
there was no necessity to wear his uni
, form on the steamboat. " decided to
1 place it in the trunk, and went to the
J bed where he had folded and left it It
was not there. Nor did a thorough
search reveal it anywhere in the room.
Yet no one could have stolen it, for
when he had gone down to the office
Crailey had remained on this floor.
Mamie had come within a few minutes
after Crailey went out, and during his
. conversation with her the office door
\ had been open; no one could have
1 passed without being ceen. Also, a
* thief would have taken other things as
well as the uniform; and surely Crai
ley must have heard; Crailey would —
Crailey !
Then Tom remembered the figure in
the long cloak and the military cap,
and, with a sick heart, began to under
stand. He had read the Journal, and
he knew why Crailey might wish to
? masquerade -in a major's uniform that
j night. If Miss Carewe read it too, and
/ a strange wonder rose in her mind,
this and a word would convince her.
Tom considered it improbable that the
wonder would rise, for circumstances
had too well established her in a mis
take, trivial and ordinary enough at
first, merely the confusing of two
names by a girl new to the town, but
so strengthened by every confirmation
) Crailey's wit could compass that she
' would, no doubt, only set Cummings'
I paragraph aside as a newspaper error.
Still. Crailey had wished to be on the
safe side!
' Tom sighed rather bitterly. He was
convinced that the harlequin would
come home soon, replace the uniform
(which was probably extremely becom
ing to him, as they were of a height
I and figure much the same), and after-
J ward, in his ordinary dress, would
' sally forth to spend his last evening
with Fanchon. Tom wondered how
Crailey would feel and what he would
think about himself while he was
changing his clothes; but he remem
bered his partner's extraordinary pow
ers of mental adjustment— and for the
first time in his life Vanrevel made no
allowance for the other's temperament;
and there came to him a moment
when he felt that he could almost dis
like Crailey Gray.
At all events, he would go out until
Crailey Had come and left again; for he
had no desire to behold the masquer
•ader's return. So he exchanged his
dressing-gown for a coat, fastened his
collar, and had begun to arrange his
cravat at the mirror, when, suddenly,
the voice of the old negress seemed to
sound close beside him in the room:
"He's settin' dah— waltin'!"
The cravat was never tied; Tom's
hands dropped to his sides as" he
started back from the staring face in
the mirror. Robert Carewe was wait
ing—and Crailey All at once there
was but one vital necessity In the
world for Tom Vanrevel. that was to
find Crailey; he must go to Crailey—
even in Carewe's own house — he must
go to Crailey!
He dashed down the stairs and Into
the street The people were making a
great uproar in front of the hotel, ex
ploding bombs, firing muskets in the
air. sending up rockets; and rapidly
crossing the outskirts of the crowd, he
passed into Carewe street, unnoticed.
Here the detonations were not so deaf-,
ening, though the little steamboat at
the wharf was contributing to the con
fusion with all her power, screeching
simultaneously approval of the cele
bration and her last signals of depart
ure, '■-'•ji
At the first corner Tom had no more
than left the . sidewalk when he 4 came
within a foot of being ridden down by
two horsemen who rode at so desper
ate a gallop that (the sound of their
hoof -beats being . lost in the uproar
from Main street) they were upon him
before he "was aware of them.
. He leaped back with an angry shout
to know who they were that they, rode
so wildly. At the same time a sharp
explosion at the foot of the street sent
a red flare over the scene, a flash, gone
with such Incredible swiftness^ into re
newed darkness that he saw the flying
horsemen almost as equestrian statues
Illumined by a flicker of lightning, but
he saw them with the same distinct
ness that lightning gives,, and recogr
nized the foremost as Robert Carewe,
And in the instant of that recognition,
Tom knew what had happened to Crai
ley Gray, for he saw the truth in the
ghastly face of his enerriy.
Carewe rode stiffly, like a man frozen
upon his horse, and his face was like
that of a frozen man; his eyes glassy
and not»flxed upon his course, so that
it was a deathly thing to see. Once,
long ago, Tom had seen a man riding
for his life, and he wore this same look.
The animal bounded' and swerved un
der Vanrevel's etiemy in the mad rush
down the street, but he sat rigid, bolt
upright in the saddle, his face set to
that look of coldness.
The second rider was old Nelson, who
rode with body crouched forward, his
eyeballs like shining porcelain set in
ebony, and his arm like a flail, cruelly
lashing his own horse and his master's
with a heavy whip.
"De steamboat!" he shouted, hoarse
ly, bringing down, the lash on one and
then on the other. "De steamboat, de
steamboat— fo' God's sake, honey, de
steamboat!"
They swept into Main street, Nelson
leaning far across to the other's bridle,
and turning both horses toward the
river, but before they had made the
corner, Tom Vanrevel was . running
with all the speed that was in him to
ward his enemy's house. The one block
between him and that forbidden
ground seemed to him miles long, and
he felt that he was running as a man
in a dream, and. at the highest pitch
of agonized exertion, covering no space
but only working the air in one place,
like a treadmill. All that was in his
mind, heart and soul was to reach
Crailey. He had known by the revela
tion of Carewe's face in what case he
would find his friend; but as he ran he
put the knowledge from him with a
great shudder, and resolved upon in
credulity in spite of his certainty. All
he let himself feel was the need to run,
to run until he found Crailey, who was
somewhere in the darkness of the trees
about the long, low house on the cor
ner. When he reached the bordering'
hedge, he did not stay for gate or- path,
but, with a loud shout, hurled himself
half over; half through, the hedge, like
a bolt from a catapult.
Lights shone from only one room in
the house, the library; but as he ran
toward the porch a candle flickered in
the hall, and there came the sound of
a voice weeping with terror.
At that he called more desperately
upon his credulity to aid him, for the
voice was Mrs. Tanberry's. If it had
been any other than she, who sobbed so
hopelessly — she who was always steady
and strong! If he could, he would have
stopped to pray, now, before he faced
her and the truth; but his flying feet
carried him on.
"Who is it?" she gasped, brokenly,
from the hall. "Mamie? Have you
brought him?"
"It's I," he cried, as he plunged
through the doorway. "It's Vanrevel."
Mrs. Tanberry set the iron candle
stick down upon the table with a crash.
"You've come too late!" she sobbed.
"Another man has taken your death on
himself." ,
He reeled back against the wall. "Oh,
God!" he said. "Oh, God, God God!
Crailey!"
"Yes," she answered. "It's the poor
vagabond that you loved so well."
Together they ran through the hall
to the library. Crailey was lying on
the sofa, his eyes closed, his head like
a piece of carven marble, the gay uni
form, in which he had tricked himself
out so gallantly, open at the throat,
and his white linen stained with a few
little splotches of red.
Beside him knelt Miss Betty, holding
her lace handkerchief upon his breast;
she was as white as he, and as mo
tionless; so that, as she knelt there, im
movable beside him, her arm like ala
baster across his breast, they might
have been a Eculptor's group. The
handkerchief was stained a little, like 1
the linen, and like it. too, stained but
a little. Near by, on the floor, stood a
flask of brandy and a pitcher of water.
"You!". Miss Betty's face showed no
change, nor even a faint surprise, as
her eyes fell upon Tom Vanrevel, but
her lips soundlessly framed the word.
"You!"
Tom flung himself on his knees be
side her.
"Crailey!" he cried in a sharp voice
that had a terrible shake in It "Crai
ley! Crailey, I want you to hear me!"
He took one of the limp hands in his
and began to chafe it, while Mrs. Tan
berry grasped the other.
"There's still a movement in the
pulse," she faltered.
"Still!" echoed'Tom, roughly. "You're
mad! You made me think Crailey was
dead! Do .you think Crailey Gray is
going to die? He couldn't. I tell you—
he couldn't; you don't know him!
Who's gone for the doctor?" He
dashed some brandy upon his handker
chief and set it to the white lips.
"Mamie. She was here in the room
with ine when it happened." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
" 'Happened'! . 'Happened'!" he
mocked her, furiously. " 'Happened' is
a beautiful word!" :' y -
! "God forgrve me!" sobbed Mrs. Tan
berry. "I was I sitting in the library,
and Mamie had just ', come , from you,
when we heard Mr. Carewe shout from
the cupola room: 'Stand away from my
daughter, Varirevel, and take7 this, like
a dog!'. -Only that— and /Mamie and I
ran to the window, and we saw through
the dusk a.man In uniform leap back
from Miss Betty— they/were in that lit
tle space near the hedge, •■.-■ He called
out something and waved his hand, but
the shot came at the same time, 1 and he
fell. Even ■ then; I ;. was sure, ■ in ; spite of
what Mamie \ had "said, I was as sure
as Robert Carewe. was that it was you.
He came and took one look— arid saw—
and then Nelson brought the horses'
and made him mount -and -go. Mamie
ran for the doctor, and Betty and I
carried Crailey in. It was haird work."
Miss Betty's hand : had ; fallen from
Crailey's breast where; Tom's took Its
place. She. rose unsteadily to her, feet
and pushed back the hair from her
forehead, shivering convulsively as she
looked down at the' iriotlonless figure
on the sofa. . ■ . !
"Crailey!" said Tom, in the same
angry; shaking voice. "Crailey, you've
got to rouse yourself! This won't do;
you've got to «be a man! -Crailey!" He
was trying to force the brandy through
the tightly clenched teeth. ."Crailey!"
"Crailey!" whispered Miss >Betty.
leaning, heavily on the back of a chair.
"Crailey?" ; ,
It was then that Crailey's eyelids
fluttered and slowly opened; and his
wandering glance, dull. at first, slowly
grew clear and twinkling as it rested
on the ashy, stricken face of his best
friend. ; ■^<%i'!. '■'■
"Tom," he said, feebly, "it was worth
the price to wear your clothes .Just
once!" •
And then, at last, .Miss Betty saw and
understood. For not the- honest gentle
man, whom every one except Robert
Carewe held' In esteem and. affection,
not. her father's enemy, Vanrevel, lay
before her with the death wound in his
breast for her sake, but that other—
Crailey Gray, the rie'er-do-weel and
light-o'-love. Crailey Gray, wit, poet
and 'scapegrace, the well-beloved town
scamp. . . .
He saw that she knew, andf, as his
brightening eyes wandered up to her,
he smiled faintly. "Even a bad dog
likes to have his day," he whispered. ■'•
CHAPTER XIX.
Will Cummings had abandoned the
pen for the swoul until such time: as
Santa Anna should cry for quarter, and
had left the lOince in charge of an im
ported substitute; but. late that 'njght
he came. to his.desk once more, to write
the story of the accident to Corporal
Gray; v and the- talc that he wrote had
been already put into writing by Tom
Vanrevel as it fell from Crailey's lips,
after the - doctor had come, « so that
none might doubt it. . No one diddoubt
it. , What reasc-n had Mr. Carewe to
injure Crailey Gray? Only five in
Rouen ,l£new the truth; for Nels.6"n had
gonerwIVh'ti is master, and, except Sja
mie, the other servants of the Carewe
household had been .among tbe crowd
in front of the Rouen House when'the
shot was fired.
So the stc-ry went over the town; how
Crailey had called to say good-by to
Mrs. Tanberry; how Mr. Carewe hap
pened to be examining the musket his
father had carried in 1812, when the
weapon was accidentally discharged,
the ball entering Crailey's breast; how
Mr. Carewe, stricken with remorse and
horror over this frightful misfortune,
and suffering too severe anguish of
mind to remain upon the ecene of the
tragedy which his carelessness had
made, had fled, attended by his servant;
and how they had leaped aboard the
evening boat as it was pulling out, and
were on their way down the river.
And this was the story, too, mat Tom
told Fanchon; for it was he who
brought lier to Crailey. Through the
long night she knelt at Crailey's side,
his hand always pressed to her breast
or cheek, her eyes- always upward, and
her lips moving with her prayers, not
for Crailey to be spared, but that the
Father would take good care of him in
heaven till she came. "I had already
given him up," she said to Tom, meek
ly, in a small voice. "I knew it was to
come, and perhaps this way is better
than that — I thought it would be far
away from me. Now I can be with
him, and perhaps I shall have him a
little longer, for he was to have gone
away before noon."
The morning sun rose upon a fair
world, gay with bird-chatterings from
the big trees of the Carewe place, and
pleasant with the odors of Miss Betty's
garden, and Crailey, lying upon the bed
of the man who had shot him, hark
ened and smiled good-by tothe summer
he loved; -and, when th^ day broke,
asked that the bed be moved so that
he might He close to the window. ~ It
was Tom who had borne him to that
room. "I have carried him before this,"
he said,. waving the others aside.
Not long after sunrise, when the bed
had been moved near the window,
Crailey begged Fanchon to bring him a
miniature of his mother which he had
given her, and urged her to go for it
herself: he wanted no hands but hers
to touch it, he said. And when she had
gone he -asked to be left alone with
Tom.
"Give me your hand, Torn," he said,
faintly. "I'd like to, keep hold of it a
minute or so. I couldn't have said that
yesterday, could I, without causing. us
both horrible embarrassment? But I
fancy I can now, because I'm done for.
That's too bad, -isn't- it? I'rh very
young, after all. Do you remember
what poor Andre Chenier said as he
went up to be guillotined?— 'There were
things in this. head ; of : mine!'* But I
want to tell you what's been the 1 mat
ter with me. It was just my. being a.
bad sort of poet .. I- suppose that I've"
never loved any one; yet I've cared
more "deeply than other men for every
lovely thing r ever, saw, arid there's so
little that' hasn't loveliness in it I'd
be ashamed not to have cared for the
beauty in all' women I've made love to
— but about this one— the most beauti
ful of all— I-T7-" .
"She will understand!" said - Tom.
quickly. V ■>.; .
"She will— yes-^she's wise and good.
If Fanchori knew/, there wouldn't be
even a memory. left to" her— and I don't
think she'd i live. And "do you know, I
"believe I've done a favor for Miss Betty
in getting myself shot; Carewe: will
never come back. Tom, . was ever a
man's. knavery bo exactly the architect
of his own destruction as mine J -And
for what gain? 'Just the excitement
of the comedy from day to day!— f6r"
she: was sure to, despise me as soon as
she knew— and the desire to hear her
voice say another kindly thing to me—
and the" everlasting perhaps in every
woman, arid this one the Heart's De
sire of the world! Ah, well! Tell me —
I want. to hear it from you— how many
hours does the doctor say?" ■,•,.',..
"Hours, Crailey?" Tom's hand
twitched pitifully In the other's feeble
grasp. ."■-. $ , .
"I know It's only a few." \
"They're all fools, doctors!" exclaim
ed Vanrevel,' fiercely..
"No, no. Arid I know that nothing
can be done. You all see, it, and you
want me to go easily— or you wouldn't
let me have my own way so much! It
frightens me,- I own up, -to" think that
so soon I'll be wiser than the wisest 1
in the world. Yet I always wanted to
know. I've sought and I've sought—
but now to go out alone on the search
it must be the search, for the Holy
Grail— I—"
"Please don't talk," begged Tom, in
a broken whisper. "For mercy's sake,
lad. It wears on you so."
Crailey , laughed weakly. "Do you
think I- could die peacefully without
talking- a great deal?'.'.
After a- little while, he closed his eyes
with a, sigh; the doctor bent over him
quickly, and Miss Betty started for
ward unconsciously and cried out
I But the bright eyes opened again and
fixed themselves upon her with all their
- old gay inscrutability. •
"Not yet," said Crailey. . "Miss Ca
rewe, may I tell you that I am sorry
I could not have known you sooner?
Perhaps you might have liked me for
Fanchon's sake— I know, you care for
her." ' . .
"I do— I do!" she faltered. "I love
her, and— ah!— I do like you, Mr.,Gray,
for I know you, though I never— met
-you until— last, night . God bless you—
God bless you!"
She wavered a moment, like a lily in
the wind, and put out a hand blindly.
"Not you!" she said sharply, as Tom
Vanrevel starte'd toward her. Mrs.
Tanberry came quickly and put an arm
about !her, and together they went out
of the* room.
.'"You must be good to her, Tom,"
said Crailey then, in a very low voice.
"I!" answered Tom. gently. "There
was never a chance of that, lad."
"Listen " whispered Crailey.' "Lean
down— no— closer." He cast a quick
glance at Fanchori, kneeling at the
other side of the Tied, her. golden head
on the white coverlet, her outstretched
hand clutching his; and he spoke so
close to Tom's ear and in. so low a
tone that only Tom could hear.
"She never cared for me. She felt
that she ought to — but that was only
because I masqueraded in your history.
She wanted to tell me before I went
away that there was no chance for me.
She was telling me that, when he called
from the window. It was at the dance,
the. night before, that she knew. I
think there has been some one else
from the first— God send it's you! Did
you speak to her that night or she to
you?" <
"Ah, no," said Tom Vanrevel. "All
the others." l
Mrs. Tanberry and Betty and Mr. Ba
reaud waited in the library, the two
women huddled together on a sofa,
with their arms around each other and
all the house was very still.
The warm day beyond the window
became like Sunday, no voices sounded
from without-In the noon hush, though
sometimes a little group of people
would gather across the street to eye
the house curiously and nod and whis
per. The strong, blue shadows of the
veranda pillars stole slowly -across the
white floor of the porch in a lessening
slant, and finally lay In a line as the
tall clock in a corner of the library
asthmatically coughed the hour of
noon. In this jarring discordance
there was" something frightful to Miss
Betty. She rose abruptly, and, imperi
ously waving back Mrs. Tanberry, who
would have .detained her— for there
was in her face and manner the incip
ient wildness of control overstrained
to the breaking-point— she went hur
riedly out of the room and out of the
house, to the old bench in the garden.
There she sank down, her face hidden
in her arms; there on the spot where
she had first seen Crailey Gray.
From there, too, had risen the sere
nade of the man she had spurned and
insulted; and there she had . come to
worship the stars when Crailey bade
her look to them. And now the strange
young teacher was paying the bitter
price for his fooleries— and who could
doubt that the price was. a bitter one?
To have the spirit so suddenly, cruelly
riven from the sprightly ■', body that
was but a few hours ago hale and
alert, obedient to every petty wish,
could dance, run and leap; to be forced
with" such hideous precipitation' to
leave the warm breath of June and un
dergo the lonely change, merging, with
the shadow; to be flung from the ex
quisite and commonplace day of sun
shine Into the appalling adventure that
should not have been his. for years
and hurled into it by what hand!— ah,"
bitter, bitter price for a. harlequinade!
And,; alas, alas! for the brave harle
quin!
A gentle touch fell upon her shoul
der, and Miss Betty sprarig to her feet
and screamed. It was Nelson\ who
etood before her, hat in hand, his head
deeply; bowed.
"Is he. with you?" she cried, clutch
ing:, a. t the bench for support
. "No'm," answereel the old man. hum
bly. "I reckon we all ain' goin'' see
dat man no mo*."
"Where is he?" .
"On de way, honey ,~on de way."
"The way— to Rouen!" she gasped.
"Nd'm; he goin', cross de big water."
He stretched out his hand and pointed
solemnly to the east. "Him an* me
cotch de boat, an' yo" pa mek 'em taken
de hosses on bode. Den we git off at
Leevllle, five mile* down de rivuh, an'
yo' pa hoi* da boat while I rid back
alone an' git de news, an' what de tale
is -you all is tole, f'um ole Mist* Chen-^
'eth; an' Mist': Chen'eth, he rid back*
wid me an' see yo' pa at Leevllle, an'
dey talk in de shed by de landin', an*,
yo' pa tell Mist' Chen'eth what 'range
ments he goin' make wid jde property.
'Den he git on de boat ag*in an* dey
sto't' her agoin'; an* he ain' wave no
good-by, ner say no mo* wu'ds. Mist*
Chen'eth rid back whens de light come;
but I res' de hosses an' come back slow,
'case I ponduh on de wort', an* I mighty
sorry fer yo' pa, Missy. He ain' comin'
back no mo', honey,; an' Miz Tanberry
an' me an' Mamie, we goin' take keer
er you. Yo' pa gone back dah tode
F'enchmun.'whuh he 'uz a young man.
He mighty sick, an' he scairt, honey;
an* he ain't goin' git ovah dat. nelder.
'Peah to me. Missy, like he done had a
;vlzhum er he own soul, when he come
an' look down at dat young man layin'
on de" grass, las' night!"
Miss . Betty threw herself upon the
bench again,! face downward in her
arms. And still the house lay. in si
lence under the sunshine.
An hour had passed, arid the shadows
slanted strongly to the east, when the
stillness was broken by a sound, low
and small at first, then rising fearfully,
a long, * quavering wail of supreme an
guish that clutched and shook the lis
tener's heart No one could have re
cognized the voice as Fanchon's, yet
everyone who heard It knew that it
was hersV and that the soul of Cariley
Gray had gone out upon the quest for
the Holy Graih
. Miss Betty's hands clenched convul
sively round the arm of the bench and
a fit of shuddering seized her as if with
the grip of a violent chill, though "her
eyes were dry. Then she lay quiet.
' A long time afterwward, she became
aware of a step that paced the garden
path behind her. and turned her face
upon Her. arm so that she saw, but
made no other motion. It was Tom
Vanrevel, walking slowly up and down,
his hands behind his back and his hat
pulled down over his eyes. He had not
seen her.
She rose and spoke his name.
He turned and came to her. "Almost
at the very last," he said. "Crailey
whispered to me that he knew you
thought him a great scamp, but to- tell
you to be sure to remember that It was
/all true about the stars."
CHAPTER XX.
"GOOD-BY."
It was between twilight, and candle
light, the gentle half-hour when the
kind old Sand Man steals up the stairs
of houses where children are; when
rustic lovers stroll with slow and quiet
steps down country lanes, and old bach
elors are loneliest and dream of the
things that might have been. Through
the silence of the clear dusk came the
whistle of the evening boat that was to
bear Tom Vanrevel through the first
stage of his long journey to the front
of war, and the aound fell cheerlessly
upon Miss Betty's ear, as she stood
leaning against the sun dial among the
lilac bushes. Her attitude was not one
of reverie; yet she stood very still, so
still that, in the wan shimmer of the
faded afterglow, one might have passed
close by her and not have seen her.
The long, dark folds of her gown
showed faintly against the gray stone,
and her arms, bare from the elbow, lay
across the face of the dial with unre
laxed fingers clenching the cornice; her
head drooping, not languidly but with
tension, her eyes half closed, showing
the lashes against a pale c*heek; and
thus, motionless, leaning on. the, stone
In the dusk, she might have been Sor
row's self.
She did not move, there was not even
a flicker of the eyelashes, when a step
sounded on the gravel of the driveway,
and Vanrevel came slowly from the
house. He stopped at a little distance
from her, hat In hand. He was very
thin, worn and old-looking, and in the
failing light might have been taken for
a tall, gentle ghost; yet his shoulders
were squared and he held himself as
straight as he had the first time she
had ever seen him.
"Mrs. Tanberry tbld me I should find
you here," he "said, hesitatingly. "I
have come to say good-by."
She did not turn toward him, nor did
more than her lips ntove as she an
swered, "Good-by," and her tone was
neither kind nor cold, but held no
meaning whatever, not even indiffer
ence.-
There. was an interval of silence;
then.* without surprise, he walked sad
ly to the gate, paused, wheeled about
suddenly, and returned with a quick,
firm step.
"I will not go until I know that I do
not misunderstand you," he said, "not
even if there Is only the -slightest
chance that I do. I want to say some
thing to you, if you ; will let me,
though naturally I remember you once
asked me never to speak to you again.
It is only that I have thought you did
that under a misconception, or else I
should still obey you. If. you — "
"What is it that you wish to say?"
Her tone was'unchanged.
"Only, that I think the hardest time
for you has passed, and that— "
"Do you?" she interrupted.
"Yes," he returned, "the saddest of
your life. I think it has gone forever.
And I think that what will conSe to you
will be all you wish for. There will be
a little time of waiting— "
"Waiting for what?"
He drew a step nearer, and his voice
became very gentle. "Cummings and I
reach our regiment to-morrow night:
and there in the camp is a group of men
on the way to the war, and- they all go
the more bravely because each one of
them has you in his heart— not one but
will be a better soldier because of you.
I want you to believe that if all of them
don't come back, yet the one whose
safety you think of and fear for will re
turn. For, you see, Crailey told me
what you said to him when— when he
met you here the last time. I have no
way to know which of them you meant;
but— he will come back to you! I am
sure of it, because I believe you are to
be happy. Ah, you've had your allot
ment of pain! After all, there is so lit
tle to regret; the town seems empty
without its young men, yet you may re
joice, remembering how bravely they
went and how gayly! They will sins
half the way to Vera Cruz! You think
It strange I should say there Is so lit
tle to regret, when I've just laid away
my best friend. It was his own doc
trine, and the selfish personal grief and
soreness grows less when I think of the
gallant end he made, for It was he who
went away most bravely and Jauntily
of all.. Crailey was no failure, unless I
let what hs taught me go to no effect.
And be sure he would have told you
what I »tell you. now, that all is well
with all in the world."
"Please!" she cried, with a quick in
take of breath through closed teeth.
"I will da anything in the world* to
please you," he answered, sorrowfully.
"Do you mean that — "
She. turned at last and faced him. but
without lifting her eyes. "Why did you
come to say good-by to me?"
"I don't understand."
"I think you do." Her voice was cold
and steady, but it was suddenly given
to him to perceive that she was trem
bling from head to heel.
An exclamation of remorse broke
from him.
"Ah! You came here to be alone. I — "
"Stop," she said. "You said good-by
to me once before. Did you come to
see — what you saw then?"
He fell back in utter amazement, but
she advanced upon him swiftly. "Was
it that?" she cried.
. The unfortunate young- man could
make no reply, and remained unable to
defend himself from her inexplicable
attack.
"You have not forgotten," she went
on. impetuously. "It was in the crowd,
just before they gave you the flag. You
saw — I know you saw — and it killed me
with the shame of it! Now you come to
me to look at the same thing again—
and the boat waiting for you! Is It in
revenge for that night at the Ba
rt-auds".' Perhaps this somrds wild to
you — I can't help that — but why should
yc-u try to make it harder for me?"
From the porch came a strong voice:
"Vanrevel!"
"God knows I haven't meant to,"
said Tom, in bitter pain. "I don't un
rterstand. It's Cummings calling for
me; I'll go at once. I'd hoped, stupid
ly enough, that you would tell me
whom it was you meant when you
spoke to Crailey, so that I could help
to make it surer that he's come back to
you. But I've only annoyed you.. And
you were here — away from the house
avoiding me, and fearing that I — "
•'Vanrevel!" shouted William. (Mrs.
Tanberry had not told Lieutenant
Cummings where to find Miss Betty.)
"Fearing? Yes?"
"Fearing that I might discover you."
He let his eyes rest on her loveliness
once more, and as he saw that she still
trembled, he extended his hand toward
her in a gesture of Infinite gentleness,
like a blessing, heaved one great sigh,
and, with head erect and body straight,
set his face manfully toward the house.
He had taken three strides when hl3
"heart stopped beating at an ineffable
touch on his sleeve. For, with a sharp
cry, she sprang to him; and then, once
more, among the lilac bushes where he
had caught the white kitten, his hand
was seized and held between two small
palms, and the eyes of Miss Betty Ca
rewe looked Into the very soul of him.
"No!" she cried. "No! Fearing with
a sick-heart that you might not come!"
Her pale face, misty with sweetness,
wavered before him In the dusk, and ho
lifted his shaking hand to his forehead;
her own went with it, and the touch of
that steadied him.
"You mean," he whispered, brokenly,
"you mean that you — "
"Yes, always," she answered, rush
ing through the words, half In tears.
"There was a little time when I loved
what your life had been more than you.
Ah, it was you that I saw in him. Yet
It was not what you had done after all,
but Just you! I knew there could not be
anyone else— though I thought it could
never be you— that night, Just before
they gave the flag."
"We've little time, Vanrevel!" called
the voice from the porch.
Tom's eyes filled slowly. He raised
them and looked at the newly com©
stars. "Crailey, Crailey!" he mur
mured.
Her gaze followed his. Ah, it's he—
and they— that make me know you will
come back to me!" she said.
THE END.
"Watch for
Geraldine Banner's
Wonderfully
Dramatic
California Novel
•*To-3rorrow f s Tangle?
Begins in
Next Sunday Call.ROBINSON'S
CHANCE
(Copyright. 1904. by T. C. McClure.)
rJT-jfi^-j—^— -jd LL. aboard!" shouted
U:\'<*h*»^§\>j£ the conductor warn-
Ingly ' The BIsh °P
<^££)|rtp>| with a final hand
r • Si presEUre « turned to
JI;i=^K^^^B the car steps.
«f*=5===*=g£E3 "Now. don't for
£ct." he said earnestly; "I am not
desirous of seeming to preach" — his
kiii.Ily smile Hashing out for a sec
ond — -but if the opportunity comes
give «i fellow creature a chance. The
"way to make people trustworthy is
to trust them." he added Impressive
ly. The listener nodded. Clad as he
in rough corduroy trousers thrust
into long boots, blue flannel shirt and
handkerchief knotted loosely about
the powerful throat, he looked a man
to innuence others, and the Bishop, no
mean reader of men. was satisfied.
"I wish that I could have remained
a bit longer." he thought regretfully
as he settled himself comfortably in
the vide seat. "Four days is really
too short for a parochial visit."
The man left behind heartily echoed
the Bishop's sentiments. It had been
like a breath out of another world, this
few days'- intercourse with a lofty and
cultivated personality. Under his own
calm, blue eyes lay an ardent and en
thusiastic nature, which had as yet
found but little to develop it. The
Bishop's inspiring talk had awakened
an instant response, that now made
itself felt as an unsatisfied want. His
eyes followed the train like those of
a hungry dog, then drifted back to the
primitive station, the long, straight line
of tracks and the siding where a row
of freight cars stood waiting for the
morning, with a vague distaste for it
ail.
"Makes a fellow sorter want some
thing better," he reflected, turning
slowly away. "Give some fellow crea
ture a chance, hey? "Well, there's plen
ty out here needs it. Dare say I d«.r
myself."
With a grim chuckle he strode on
down the narrow cabin lined street,
where the afternoon sun was now
flinging long shadows across its ugli
ness. Men in groups hung about th*>
doors of rival saloons. Several hailed
him, but Robinson cr.ly shook his head
absently. Then, as his eyes fell on a
TURNED
AROUND
By Elliott Walker
(Copyright, 1954, by Elliot Walker.)
[v^ 5t5stl EULAH!" shouted
! C'^TSSJcv 5 "Z\ Er.och Haley, com
t XfH W2^jKh| m^ * n the road.
"* V F>— 2$££jg "Better hi Ehuttin'
fJ^B^OfiWlj Mrs. Haley hoisted
I *£?===^£^ij ner cor Pulent figure
liBB^^^"*^32S from the Shaker
rocking chair, where she was napping
away the sultry afternoon, and blinked
Irritably.
••Where's my specs?" she inquired,
razing about with a cavernous yawn.
"On yer forred, ez usual. Hurry up
now." .
"Tain't goln* to rain, is It? Thet
rmnblin' an' growlln* is miles off,
Enoch. What a man you do be fer
•Acs scrabblin' 'round, wantln* things
that up long afore thar's any need
ca*t. Houie'U be hotter*n Tophet. It's
bad enough now."
"You come out here an* see," cried
h«r husband, excitedly. "Stan' in the
front door an* look over on them
mountains. What d'yer think of Been
& eky e« thet?"
•*It does look alarmln . assented
M». Haley, shading her eyes with a
tat hand. "But ter me It ain't a rainy
eky. Still, it may do somethin'. The
eir sound holler, don't it? 'Ceptin' the
thunder, thar ain't no sound."
Three miles to the west, the round
ed domes of the Taconlc range bil
lowed blackly against a dull, brassy
background- Her* and there rolled
slowly great masses of cumuli, fringed
with threatening, dark-hued edges, the
wolte. piling bulk shining in the
strange light, which now faded to a
dreary copper shade, while the steady,
menacing cannonade l-creased In vol
umt shaking the hills and reverber
ating through the hushed valley. It
seemtsd as though the very leaves were
'•"if 0 'seen a thing happened in
this section, I should 6ay a tornader
waa onto us." whispered Enoch anx
"I feel prickly." returned Beulah, rub
bine her fat hands, "but thet*s nothin'I
Tornader! Sho! We don't hev 'em
•round here. Wai! I guess I'll be mov
in* It's darkenin' up. What alls the
cat, Enoch T Jest look at her talL Come
along. Jenny, you ain't afeerd of a
like' an inky pall blotting
out the face of nature, a dreadful dusk
fell on the waiting landscape. The pair
stood petrified for a brief second, see
ing only three frightful, whirling shapes
bounding toward their little home.
A crackling, ripping sound pierced
their ears; a thunderous burst, a myr
iad of flashes, then a howl of weird,
dC .£f fnsiSr felled Enoch, grabbing
his paralyzed better half In an agony
of horror. "It's right onto us."
-I can't eee!" walled Mrs. Haley.
her husband
bundling her before him —The cellar!
Ter can't? Inter the bedroom, then.
Under the bed! Quick! Oh, Lordy!
beneath this refuge they clasped each
other close In palpitating prayer. Pen
ny, glaring and spitting, dashed after
"We've lived happy, and we'll die ter
cether. Enoch." moaned Beulah, her lips
against his grizzled cheek.
Then came that awful moment when
the air-devil swooped down, clutching
the cottage in its pitiless claws. After
that swirl" of chaos, they lay still,
hearkening weakly to the fading roar.
"I'm alive!" breathed Enoch, faintly.
"Be you?"
"I— I s'pose so. Hadn't orter be."
Beulah moved first one limb, then
another.
Mr. Haley crawled from beneath
the high, old fashioned bed and pull
ed cautiously at his wife. "Come!"
he urged, "me an' you an* the cat's
left anyhow. Mebbe we kin git out
of the ruins."
"Whar be we?" panted Beulah.
pressing her hands to her disordered
gray locks and gaining breath. "Thar's
some plasterin' down, an' the picters
air all askew, but I don't see no ruins.
The house is stood up."
"Le's go ter the back door an' peek
out arter the crittter." Haley spoke
aimlessly, staring about. "I feel all
turned 'round."
Together they staggered to the
kitchen, both weak from shock, and
gazed out blankly.
"Guess I'm crazy," muttered the old
man. "Here we be at the front door,
an* ylt — an* yit "
" 'Tain't either," interupted Beulah.
feeling the Jamb. "It's the back door,
an' here's the kitchen."* She stopped
In astonished hesitancy.
"But that's the road, an' the moun
t'ins, an' — oh, now ain't thet too bad?
See 'all them apple trers over in the
pasture tore out by the roots an* laid
down in rows, like so many corpuses.
Let's go to the back of the house an'
see about the hencoops. P'raps the
barn's standin', too."
"This Is the back of the house.", in
sisted his wife, rubbing her spectacles
for a better view. "Enoch, you're
turned 'round."
"I should say I was," replied Mr.
Haley, pettishly, "an* so be you. Won't
we never see straight ag*ln? It's this
a-way. Beulah. The things we see
last is fixed in our eyes, an' If we're
standin' in our back door we're seein'
things thet ain't. Thet's it!"
Mrs. Haley slowly recovered from this
statement. '"Let's set on the steps
awhile an' be thankful we kin see any
thing," ehe Invited. "Mebbe our eight
will get straightened out an' things will
come to us gradual. Shut yer eyes an'
rest 'em. Then we kin see things ez
they be, mebbe."
"Thet ain't a bad plan," agreed
Enoch, seating himself and Immediate
ly acting upon this advice. "I'm goin'
to imagine I'm observln* the barn an'
henhouse, an' when I opens up I prob
ably will. I keep Eeeln' them apple
trees, though," he added, after a mo
ment's trial.
Three men, hurrying to the worst
scenes of disaster, paused in amaze
ment at sight of the old couple, sitting
with clasped hands and olosed eyes.
A tall neighbor stepped forward so
licitously. "Are you blinded, Mr. Ha
ley?" he Inquired. "This Is Marvin
Lennox. Can we help you?"
"Guess not, Marvin," responded
Enoch, quivering his eyelids for a rapid
glimpse and promptly screwing . them
up again.
"Blinded? No! Our sight's set— an'
■we see things back end to. We're
hopin' ter git it right ag'ln soo. Here
we be on our back steps a lookin" the
wrong way," Beulah groaned.
-The man stared, then broke into a
hearty laugh. "Of course you are," he
chuckled. "Why, the cyclone has lifted
your house right up, turned it around,,
and set It square on its foundation."
He gave them each a hand. "Get up!"
he added. "Come out on the sidewalk
and see for yourselves."
Mr. and Mrs.' Haley stood on the walk
and winked in bewilderment.
"It hez, fer a fact."
man slouchlngly lazily along, his -face
brightened.
"That pesky tramp has been hanging
about for a week, asking work," he
thought. "Here, you,'"he called aloud.
The man started, came forward sus
piciously, his eye on Robinson's hip
pocket. The latter frowned.
"Here, wake up," he growled. "You
say you want work! Go up to my cab
in then, fix it up, and then— then wait
till I come," his Invention giving out.
The man only stared and Robinson's
wrath overflowed.
"Don't stand gaping there like a
blasted idiot," he roared. "Get along
with you, and double quick, too. "See
you have things well cleaned up by
the time I get there or I'll make it hot
for you. Here's the key."
Robinson's methods were convincing
and the man, after one glance to assure
himself of the speaker's sincerity,
turned and departed in haste. With a
relieved sigh Robinson crossed to the
nearest saloon. ' x '
"It's on me, boya," he remarked
cheerfully. "What'II you have?"
When finally Robinson mounted the
hill to his cabin, night had fallen and
the memory of the tramp had entirely
escaped him. To his astonishment the
"NIXIE CLERK" AT MAIL MORGUE
X">f LIPSHOD carelessness Is a nat-
tlonal trait and statistics show It
Irj to be on the increase If we but
4*"^ consider the blundering public's
voluntary contribution to the dead let
ter office. ,
Superintendent Cox of the local post
office has some curious facts to contrib
ute about this -sams carelessness. "Our
office," he says, "contains an array of
unclaimed Christmas packages that
have become detached from their ad
dress, while Tom, Dick or Harry in the
East or over ln China or "somewhere
east of Suea", la waiting for a letter of
acknowledgment. Many a misunder
standing of lifelong consequence has
arisen from fool carelessness of this
sort. The dead letter office holds the
clew to many an unexplained mystery.
"We have a clerk in the postofflce
whom, for want of a better name, we
call the 'nixie clerk.' His business is
to ferret out, if possible, the correct
address from the hieroglyphics on the
envelope and give the letter a> few last'
'tries' before it is sent to the dead let
ter office. k~ :
"In the manner of misdirecting a let
ter there are masculine mistimes and
feminine mistakes. The following in
stance Illustrates a mistake of daily
occurrence. A business man will write
the street address of some firm in the
East and then, from force of habit, put
'city.' The letter Is stamped 'No such
number' and turned over to the 'nixie
clerk.' This type of error is ! chronic
with a surprising number of, business
men. The 'nixie clerk' overhauls postal
guides and bulletins for the missing
city, which be finds through the streets,
or returns the letter for 'better ad
dress."
"The most flagrant feminine offense
consists of adding or omitting a num
ber, as 1006 for 106, and vice versa. '
"Men are Just as careless, but not as
hopeless or helpless as are .women.
Business has trained them to put ad-
THE SAN KRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
cabin door stood open, a thing unprece
dented, and on the hearth lay tne last
embers of a fire. Recollection came
quickly, and with hurried fingers he
lighted a candle to gaze about the
tidied room. Everything seemed 1 In or
der. But the man was gone, and with
an exclamation Robinson darted to the
cupboard where was kept his dearest
possession. , Those new boots! One
glance sufficed, the boots were gone.
In their place stood a pair of rusty
high lows, arid at that sight Robinson's
rage found words. In fluent and pic
turesque English he cursed emphati
cally and categorically himself, his be
longings, the tramp and all that be
longed to him; he even began on" the
Bishop, but checked that. The Bishop's
theory might be good.
"But out, here it's durned poor prac
tice," thought Robinson ruefully.
"Where can the skunk have gone? He
must have 'em on." i
There was practically only one way
out of the % town— the railroad— and a
sudden remembrance of the waiting
freight cars flashed across Robinson's
mfnd. To seize the lantern, light it and
lock the door behind him was but the
work of a minute: in the next he had
started down the hill on a dog-trot, the
dresses and other marks of Identifica
tion Inside, or at least to write their
own addresses ln the heading. They
are also more committal regarding sig
natures, more often signing their full
name, while women close with 'Loving
ly 'yours, Nell'; 'Your Bister, Ann,' etc.
The initial signature Is purely feminine.
"Our 'nixie clerk' is a surprisngly
clever sleuth, putting thousands of
sidetracked missives on the main line
yearly. He never * flags ln his perse
verance or begrudges them a final 'try.'
"The power to. open dead letters is
delegated to especially deputized clerks
In the dead letter office at Washing
ton, D. C, and not even the Postmaster
General dares ,to open even the most
Insignificant looking of them.".
Curiosity does not dog the genii
whose Job it is to find out where and
how the other feJlow's brain slipped a
cog. They merely scan the matter* for
the meat — an address, or a name, or
.anything tangible— and then throw the
.letter down and pass^unsentimentally
on to the" next, i . ~~ . , • . , .*>'
Even at the dead letter morgue
there Is a 'distinction, -the subjects be
ing divided Into two stacks — "dead"
and "alive."' The hopelessly dead letter
might; per example, be headed "Grand
View" and signed "Kate," while some
clew as to the Identity, of the writer
or his future plans as to whereabouts
might kindle , some spark of hope in
the breast of the deputy. _
The letter, pronounced hopelessly dead
goes forthwith into the waste basket
to be Incinerated later. Addressed cor
ners on the envelope would insure
1,500,000 l more ; deliveries per annum. '
• No less than-48.000 letters and 4000
parcels found their way Into the mails
without scratch '. of pen for their iden
tification... Of the letters opened in
the; dead" letter ; office in the hope of
locating the writers,a. total of 61,000
contained money, the aggregate -of
which'.was 149.000.' Fifty-two thou
sand i of .the letters opened • contained
checks, v. drafts, etc, amounting to
over Jl. 000,000. More than. $13,000
could not be traced for return, ; and
expression of his mouth boding ill for
the tramp were he careless enough to
be caught.
Into the dark, dirty car, where lay a
few tattered relics, turned out now and
then by an irate conductor or busy
freight hand, but always slipping back,
came Robinson with determined mien,
lantern In one hand, pistol in the other.
"Hold up your feet," he said sharply.
The men roused, dazed and protesting
from heavv slumbers, stared bewild
eredly' as they thrust out feet drawn
out from beneath straw or sacking.
What new game was this? Robinson,
heedless of question or criticism, after
a quick flash of the lantern, hurried to
the next car, leaving a wake of dis
gusted chaff.
Through four cars plodded Robinson,
and then in the fifth he received a
shock. From the darkness came a voice
unmistakably declining to show the re
quired foot. "Robinson's voice softened
ominously.
"I think you had better," he began
gently, "otherwise I shall have to make
you."
"Oh. please." the voice was almost a
wail, "let me alone. I haven't done
you any harm. Go away."
. "Go away!" repeated Robinson, fairly
this was turned into the treasury as
provided by law.
Coin sent in frail covers drops out
and blame for this sort of shiftless
ness Invariably attaches to the postal
officials. - •
Over 80,000. photographs were im
perfectly wrapped or addressed, ren
dering delivery Impossible.
The magazines, illustrated papers
and similar articles of little value are
distributed among the hospitals of the
District of Columbia. In 1902-03
more than 20,000 pieces were so util
ized. . •?■■;
Dead mall containing . articles of
merchandise is retained according to
law one year and then auctioned. The
time was formerly two years, but the
vast amount of matter compelled the
authorities 'to* cut It In half. At the
auction held this year some funny ex
hibits were sold. Easter eggs, salad
oil, arsenic' hair nets, dolls' limbs,
dress samples galore, nursing. bottles,
liver pills, beetles and live tarantulas,
toads, snakes, shrouds, a coffin plate
labeled "At Rest." valentines in end
less- profusion, toys. Jewelry, skulls,
found I their- way into the catalogue,
which religiously proclaimed the
probable value of each item without
any attempt at "boosting" prices. The
articles are sold in lots, each consist
ing of several strangely assorted ar
ticles. In last year's catalogue 5700
of : these groups are listed. - This ar
rangement stimulates ' the acquisitive
ness of the bidders and saves time.
No. 8 on the. list reads: "One
atomizer, -child's lined mittens, two
yards' Hamburg edging, woman's
stock and " tie,- «' photograph album,
child's cheap purse.
. Number 6 — One cheap , watch and
chain, eight.,- men's, rubber . collars,
cheap fountain pen*
One item ' reads: Hypodermic syr
inge, glass eye and artificial leg. Im
agine the woe of the expectant would
be recipient.* *' ; .
Lot .600 contains .>- one razor, one
rag, doll. .pair of spectacles, .match
safe,,set of false teeth' (lower Jaw).
ENGAGEMENT
OF DOROTHY
By J. K. Palmer
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
*w^___^ — S-^-d HERB were only
• *iP7^p^P^ j> three of us sitting
'fi^K vl^'Sl ln the cIub whea the
I "* J> \yS f&'lx came in. I
I f*Yivi8 rvSli never knew why he
[USyl\l^!/7«>^& was called Major,
lL^J^~^S\j except, perhaps, his
l^Aff™ ir ™a-in name was Miner,
and that he had a sort of military
bearing. I asked him about it once.
"Didn't you ever hear the story," he
said, "of how General Williamson got
his title?"
. I said that I had never heard it.
"Well," continued the Major, "he was
a general ticket agent for the Chicago
and South Pacific Railroad."
With which evasive answer the Ma
jor turned to his paper and refused to
converse further on the subject.
As I said, there were only three of
us in the club when the Major came
In. He seemed nervous, and called the
boy to bring him some hot buttered
rum. The nigh,t was bitterly cold, and
Channing, Wilton and I had been wait
ing . about, wishing that the storm
would cease. It did not— so we waited
longer. Then the Major came.
. "Hello," he said, and passed us to
give his order at the desk. Then he
sat down at a table and began to write
rapidly. He called the boy again and
asked that he ring for a messenger.
The messenger appeared. The Major
handed him a note and some coins and
told him to take a cab.
"Must be In a hurry," suggested
Channing.
"I am," said the Major, "for if that
note doesn't get where It belongs with
in tin hour it will be all up with Kem
ble." '
He sat dowii with us and began stir
ring his rum thoughtfully.
"Great stuff, rum," he said. "I've
been thinking for a long time that I'm
going to spend my declining years
down on the Cape somewhere. I shall
have a thatched cottage, some nastur
tiums growing In a wrecked dory on
the lawn, and I shall sit on the beach,
dressed in a sou'wester and oilskins,
scanning the horizon for incoming lug
gers. Each Itfgger will be laden with
hot buttered rum."
The Major sipped his drink medita
tively.
"You fellows want to hear a love
story?" he asked.
"Yes, let her go," said Wilton.
We settled back in our chairs, pre
pared to listen, for it was an unusual
thing for the Major to volunteer a story
of any kind.
"I shan't tell you the end of the
story till the boy gets back." he began.
"Is the boy the ■ hero?" inquired
Channing. -
• "Not exactly, but he bears an Im
portant message to the hero." said the
Major.
' Then he went on, and none of us in
terrupted him for some minutes. He
talked slowly, and picked his words
carefully.
"It was this way," ho began. "There
stunned. "Go away. And my boota— "
"Feet up nqw." Interrupted Robinson,
curtly. "Here, let mo see you," slip
ping the lantern closer. A tall, slender
boy In ragged clothing was revealed,
gazing up with white face und implor
ing eyes. No one else waa ln the car,
and for a second Robinson hesitated.
"But you may be a pa!." he de
cided. "Put 'em up at once. Lord,
what a fus3 about nothing." aa a pair
of small, travel-stained boots mad«
reluctant appearance. "You needn't
worry about those; they" look more
like a woman's, feet," with a short
laugh. The sound of a .^mothered sob
reached his ear and Robinson, start-
Ing, bent lower. "A woman; dog
goned if It ain't a woman," he ut
tered slowly. "Say, what are you do
ing here?" with a complete change of
tone. Th<e sob3 deepened.
"I — I'm trying to get East," sh<»
wept- "Jly people are there and
I "
"But how came you her*, this
way?" The girl, after a quick glance
at the handsome, interested face felt
her courage returning 1 .
"I went out 'with my father," she
began timidly. "Then he married
again and hl3 wife — she wasn't good
to me. But dad always looked after
me until he got killed in a fight. She
got worse after that — she wanted me
— I couldn't stand it." with a waver
ing look. "So I took some of father's
clothes and got away# I hadn't much
money, so I had to steal rides, and
nobody suspected until you. to-night.
You see. I couldn't wear father's
boots?" The big eyes filled again
with tears and Robinson felt like a
condemned criminal.
"Oh, say. don't cry." ho muttered
clumsily. In spite of Its sheath of
dirt -and grime he could detect th»
f«iir prettmesa'of the girl's face and
a growing admiration for her pluck
made him grind his teeth at the idea
of what she might have to meet. It
was ridiculous for a girl to think of
such a thing. Yet he couldn't ask her
to go back. Nor could he keep her
unless, with a sudden brightening of
his countenance, he set down the lan
tern and took both her hands In his.
"Look here." said he diffidently. "I'm
a poor lot, perhaps; I haven't got
much saved, and mine ain't much of
a home. But such as It Is, it's yours
if you will only take It."
The girl, her eyea widening In bewil
derment, drew back.
"You mean?" she asked faintly.
"I mean — I mean that I want you for
my wife,, little woman. Of course, I
ain't near good enough," huskily. "But
I'll treat you well and— I've been lone
some, for a fact, though I didn't know
It, so if you could only see your way
clear to favoring me — to giving me a
chance." his tone sank to entreaty and
the girl, who had listened Incredulous
ly, uttered a little cry and dropped her
forehead to the hands that still held
hers, firm, steady hands that any wo
man- could trust. Robinson's clasp
tightened.
"You mean that you will." he said ex
citedly, as a shamed little nod an
swered him. "God bless you, little
woman. Bay," struck by a Jubilant
thought, "I Just bet you the Bishop will
come back and marry us."
And the Bishop did.
was a man once who was a lawyer,
and he had a ward who had been left
to his care by her father when ha died.
The lawyer was a bachelor and he
took the girl under his care, and man
aged her property, and sent her to
school, and to college and abroad, and
wherever he thought she might grow
to be the woman her father had hoped
she might be. Then when she cams
home to live he fell in lova.wlth her.
That's all there is of the first chap
ter."
The Major picked up his' glass and
held it between the light and his eyes.
"Great stuff, hot buttered rum en a
cold night," he commented.
Then he went on: "This man found
that he was forgetting to do his work.
He was thinking about her most of
the time, and he began to lose confi
dence in his ability to win cases. He
lost some that he should have won.
Then he began to reason with himself.
and he suddenly discovered that ho
couldn't do anything more, anyhow, till
he had told her he loved her and found
out what she thought about it. Mind
you, he waa old enough to bo her
father.
"So one night he went to her house
and was prepared to tell her what he
wanted to. They sat together before
the library fire. Then the man began
to talk. 1 have thought. Dorothy.' he
said, that It Is about time you were
married.' Then the young woman
came over and laid her hand on his
shoulder. 1 have thought so, too,* sh»
said.
"The man went on talking. Is there
any one you care for particularly?* he
asked. 'Yes,' she said, 'but we quar
reled after we had been engaged two
days, and— I know I ought to have
told you about th« engagement, but
Uncls Billy, honest, I wanted to keep
it to myself for a llttla time yet.'
"Then the man tried to tell her how
much he loved her, but somehow he
couldn't. He Just asked her who- the
man was that she had become engaged
to. She told him. and told him, too.
that the quarrel didn't amount to any
thing, and that she wanted him to come
to luncheon with you, Gregory" — and
the Major turned to me — "and me to
morrow at 1 o'clock."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Wait till the boy comes back," said
the Major.
Presently the boy returned with a
note. The Major opened it and read it.
Then be handed It to me. This waa
what it said:
"My Dear Major— Will meet you and
Mr. Gregory with my mother and Miss
Gordon at the Touraine at 1 to-mor
row. Thank you for what you have
done. Very sincerely, •
"A. L. KEMBLE."
"Channing." began the Major when I
had finished reading, "and you. Wilton,
you are both pretty close friends of our
families, and I am glad I have the hon
or of announcing to you the engage
ment of Mr. Gregory's niece and my
ward. Miss Dorothy Selden. to Mr. Al
fred L. Kemble."
The Major -and I received the con
gratulations of the others, for we all
liked Kemble tremendously. Then the
Major ordered some more hot drinks.
"When I get my thatched cottage down
on the Cape will you chaps come down
and help me scan the horizon?" he
asked. "I shall be pretty lonesome un
less some of you come to visit me.**
56
A FORE-ORDAINED PARTNERSHIP
(Copyright. 190*. by T. C. McClure.)
I f — g T was all over, and
\E <^ enenLl Marvin lay
Sy£^&£rj',$ under tho liveoaks,
•^-^S^^ fi while Miss Rebecca
'^^W'V ;^'| Eat alone In il'.o dark
'^iici^ralw't^Pl en c *d parlor. N"<j-»' the
■;.5SSs^£jj k urden la >" wIth her
alone, and she fol
lowed wearily the trail of the years
that had brought only trouble and loss.
Jessica stood still in the doorway at
Eight of the bowed head. She could
find no words to say; but she drew Miss
Rebecca's head dow n and held her close
in the strong, young arms. Miss Rebec
ca lifted a hopeless face. "Child. I do
not mourn for him; it is you. Jessica,
this old house and a pitiful ten acres is
all that is left; and even that cannot be
told during my lifetime. There is noth
ing, nothing. Don't talk to me now. I
cannot beaji it — I must try to think."
And 21iss Rebecca crept away to her
loom.
Left to herself, the girl stood looking
out toward the clump of liveoaks that
towered above the general's grave. She
remembered that there had always
been little economies practiced by Miss
Rebecca, and the days when the gen
eral would shut himself in with a mass
of papers — always after the visits of
those men from town. Now the end
had come; but the old home was still
theirs, evtn though shorn of its broad
acres, and an idea came to her. That
night she wrote the letter that went in
the Northern mail, signed with the bay
ish scrawl of "J. L. Marvin."
Business was unusuallr dull in the
cfSce of Itcpplier Bros., florists, and the
morning mail received Instant atten
tion. James Repplicr tossed a letter
across to his brother John. "Read that,
John."
"Repplier Bros. — Gentlemen: Is there
any market for cut flowers direct from
the South — C3i>e jasmine. Cnslish vio
!ets, roses and all varieties of the lily?
Can make arrangements for packing
and Shipping to arrive in good condi
tion. I phouid be glad to receive or
ders. Respectfully. J. L. MARVIN.
"Aldana, Miss."
John Repplier laid the- letter doy.n
and looked up inquiringly. "Might be
a good Idea. What co you think?"
"Well! We will be pretty apt to
n*M a large supply in the next forty
c'.ght hours, as that Garl'ng funeral
vill call for more than we can furnish
from our ov/n plant."
Ten minutes later the message went
nfT that electrified the household at
Bois d'Arc.
"Send aJI available blooms. Letter
to follow. Terms guaranteed.
"REPPLIER BROS."
Miss Rebecca was bewildered at the
very Idea of money to be gained from
the profusion that rioted in hedge
and arbor nnd over the wasi<? of un
kept gardens; but Jessica rallied the
idle negroes and worked all night un
til the dawn, when Uncle Reuben
drove down to Aldana with a wagon
load of baskets filled to the brim with
frazrant merchandise.
Evening brought the letter that
!nade possibility certainty, and busy
clays followed for Jessica. More land
v.as leased and a little offlce con
structed In the old weighing- room of
the gin, that now served as a packing
roorn. Miss Rebecca willingly let go
the reins of Bols d'Arc into Jessica's
hands. Once more Aunt Ailsa re
jciccd in a well filled pantry, and, bit
l»y bit, the old order was restored, ex
cepting always the tall, soldierly fig
ure that had moved out from among
•Jiem forever.
November had come and a soft haze
lay over the sunny fields and a tang
of frost lurked In the breeze. Jessica
lay in the hammock under the pines,
her loosened hair blown back in a
ruddy halo and the bars of sunlight
flecking the smooth olive - of her
rounded clieecl: with golden light as
the swayed back and forth — a picture
that held the intruder silent until the
uuiuhins: cf th<? -nr.e needles beneath
his feet brought Jessica to herself.
That he was very good to look at was
patent at the first glance. The ath
letic figure, keen, dark eyes and smil
ing mouth, made Junes Repplier an
Interesting study to the mind feminine.
YELLOW FLATS HEIRESS
1904, by Richard B. Shelton •
mini ijiif iq HI-; Interstate Lim-
BB"**'" ■—" T -*^tB ited had rumbled
BgS^M wv&i across brown, level
rjiwiiif ii ii' tub' landscape was only
occasionally relieved by chumps of de
jected and no lees hopeless cotton
v.o.-ds. Present':' the whistle tooted
hoarsely; liiere was a grinding of set
brakes, the train slow«i down and
ccme to a stop before a bare little sta
tion—a derelict, seemingly, in this
level waste.
Tancred arose, rather unwillingly,
from his comfortable thai:-, ar.d pre
ceded by the obsequious porter bear
ing his heavy suit case, stepped from
ins limited to the uneven board
platform of Yellow Flat station. He
loo!ied abcut him and his h'jart sank.
The porter beside him seemed to him
the representative of a civilization that
would depart when the limited pulled,;
out. Eo Tar.cred Rave the porter a
half dollar, and stood watching the re
ceding train with a feeling that' ha had
ortn marooned.
There v.as one conrolaiion. however,
lie could fin!«h v.:> Ihe business which
had brought him hither in a day or two
and calt this desolation. A week of
i his nr.t nothingness, he fe!t. would
drive him mad. He sought the station'
agent, and inquired of him the best
way to reach Tapley's ranch. The
«gent hailed a nondescript individual
addressed as Jock, who was* loafing on
the benches, and asked hlmivhat.he
rould u<j fcr this gentleman; who want
ed to ~et to Tapley's.
"Old nan Taple;' at the <X?" said
ocli! "'Sure! I>ro;> : ou thfie on my
Way to the Crescent." K? led the way
.o a vehicle outside— half wagon, half
buckboard. '"Hop in. ".he said hospita
bly.
Jock clucked to his team and they
•cited over the brown plains behind a
pair of piebnlcl ponies, whose chief .ac
complishment Eeeinfd to lie in whlsl;-
By C. R. Greeraly
"I fcep pardon, but is this Bois
d'Arc, the Marvin plantation?" '
"Yes. this is Bo:s d'Arc. I am the
manager."
"You? J. L. Marvin?" ReppHer
stared blankiy. "But we had sup
posed—"
"That I were a man?" she broke in
nervously; then, looking at the card
that he handed her. "Mr. Repplier?"
and a little later Reppller found hlin
ee!f in the dim. old parlor receiving
the gentle welcome of Miss Rebecca.
He was carried away with Bois
d'Arc and- its vague air of a better
time that dimly expressed the actual
assured position that had been his life
motive. Self-made, from the days of
drifting waithood, when the two home
less boys had ttrugsled against the
current of the Chicago streets, it had
been an uphill fisht. with little time for
the softer things cf life, and hero, the
stately rooms where the sunlight fil
tered through the small-paned win
dows to fall on faces of dead and gone
Marvins, the quaint wainscotted din
ing-room, with its time-stained treas
ures; the white table, with its glitter
of silver and glas3: the sweetness of
flowers and the two gentlewomen, so
different from all the women that he
had encountered in the rush of the city.
He decided, there and then, to_ linger
es long as he decently could, answer
ing abstractedly to the running fire *jf
bright nonsense that Jessica kept up.
He felt that somehow he had always
known that soft voice and rippling
laush.
At last she ventured: "You expected
to consult with 'Mr. Marvin* as to the
business for the coming season?"
Repplier pulled himself together and
came ont of the clouds. He had for
gotten his errand.
"Yes, 1 had. a .proposition to make
from our firm. You have been our
chief source of supply for several
months, and we have decided to offer
y.ou an interest, if you will agree to
work under our supervision."
Jessica drew a long breath.
Iteijpiler went to hits room that night
in a state of mind that battles descrip
tion, and lay for hours gazing out into
tho white night.
Morning— the plantation bell sent its
summons far out In the misty gxayness.
Alas! ihe fields of Bois d'Arc had
passed to alien hands, but the old bell
still swung and lifted its voice, as It
had done when, in answer to' it3 call,
the dusky file went for ih from the gates
to toil for the master of iJoia d'Arc.
Somewhere, away off a chorus of
hounds responded, and fields began to
fill with the cotton pickers.
Jessica was seated behind the urn as
he sat down to Aunt Ailsa's hot waffles
and fried chicken. As he watched the
email, sun-browned hands among the
coffee cups the visions of the night
came back, full force.
Repplier had no excuse for prolong
ing his stay, but before Jessica drove
him down. to Aldana he managed to ex
tract an Invitation for the holidays
from Miss Rebecca. Repplier had
touched her strangely with his half
wistful remark: 'Christmas is an empty
word to me — I have never had a home."
Christmas eve, as Jessica came across
the yard from the office, Repplier met
her with such honest gladness in face
and voice that she forgot her scruples
and welcomed him as gladly. A long,
happy week, for Jessica, her guard once
down, threw herself into the spirit of
the hour. Repplier found his crumpled
roseleaf, however, in the person of
Charlie Carrington, who was Jessica'3
shadow. "Too confoundly cousinly,"
thought Repplier, as the swift days
flew. He had never cared for dancing*
but it was dull work .to stand in the
shadow while Jessica circled tho. room
in Charlie's arms. But at last the
round of dances and merrymaking
drew to a close. Repplier grew desper
ate; there was only, one day left to
him. If Miss Rebecca had earned his
gratitude before, she- now had his un
dying affection in the hour when she
pressed Charlie into service to drive
her to the next plantation.
It was one of those dreary, mid-win
ter afternoons, and the open fire flick
ered cheerily. Jessica, commenced - a
furious onslaught- with theft noker.
"Poking a fire is a positive stimulant
on a day like this."
'Is It? Let me try it" He took
the poker and knelt with her on the
broad hearth. 'A merry war of words.
ing tneir tans over me lines ana. run-,
ning like mad. Jock was not so loqua-.
cious and Tancred was in no mood to
talk. Frankly, he wished the . thing
was over and that he was starting
back East. ■ •
He fell to wondering what sort of a
girl, this niece of Tapley's was like.
Probably she v/as old and more or less
of a barbarian; or perhaps she was the
sort who would say, "Oh, ain't that
lovely!". when. he, told her his y late cli
ent, the Hon: Peter Chlsholm, had left
Her a fortune that had been tho envy
cf manv scheming women in the cycle
of the unmarried Peter's acquaintance.
Jock.here beside-him could probably en
lighten him as to Miss Parsons, but it
was scarcely worth while. She was
eorne quite impossible person, no doubt.
He handed Jock a cigar and-put the
whole" thing from his mind.:
It was gray twilight when they drove
up to the ranch house at the 4X. Tan
cred alighted and was" warmly 'wel
comed by Tapley.
"I don't care a snap of my fingers
what business it is that has brought
you,\ he said to Tancred. "You're to
stay just as Ions as you can stand 'it
with us, and a little longer, if you
have any charity for isolated old chaps
Hies myself," he added hospitably. "A
man in touch with things in the East
is a godsand here, sir. .Supper will be
ready shortly, and meanwhile Gertrude
trill give you some ■ tea. Pardon me a
moment, and I'll hunt her up."
The room they had entered evidently
served as a library. Books lined the
walls: tempting chairs offered their
comfort, skin rugs covered the polished
fioor. It was quiet and in excellent
taste. Tanered's misgivings, about the
lady were somewhat mitigated.
At that moment Tapley returned.
• # air. Tancred," he said, "permit me
to present the lady whose business
brought you here — my niece, Miss Par
sons."
Tancred bowefl and murmured his
greetings somewhat incoherently, for
surprise had tied his tongue. Had he
met her on Broadway he would have
looked at her more than once, but find
ing such a pirl at Yellow Flat fairly
took away his breath. -
"Won't you let me take away the
and then a silence that neither of
them dared to break. Jessica gazed
deep into the heart of the firel but
llepplier's eyes were on the dark
curls — he could not see her face. As
he dropped the poker she stretched
out her hand — to find it caught and
held — "Jessica!" It was just a whis
per; but the rich color went over her
face, nnd the hand fluttered within
the strong grasp that held it prisoner,
as he went on. "I know it is too soon:
but I cannot go and leave my story
untold. You know that I have loved
you from the moment that I first saw
you. I believe that I have loved you
from the moment that I first saw' you.
I believe that I have loved you always.
Above and beyond all law of caste, all
difference of Xorth and South,'some
where, somehow, you have belonged
to me — and I want my own."
Outride the raindrops pattered
against the, long windows; then the
neigh of a liorse as Charlie and Mis?
Rebecca drove through the big gat*.
The brown head drooped lower, and
the hand in hia no longer struggled to
escape. Quick to grasp his vantage
ground he drew the slight figure to
him. For just the briefest time his'
lips sought hers: then flushed and
shy. Jessica retreated to the other end
of the ruff, as Miss Rebecca, standing
in the open door, read the end of the
chapter.
THE ROMANCE OF LAND MOVEMENTS
THE recent disasters in the West
Indies have naturally
widespread interest among geolo
gists as well as among the gen
eral public. Scientifically speak
ing, both volcanoes and earthquakes
rank themselves as part of a series of
phenomena to which the term "move
ments of the earth's crust" may be ap
plied; for it is an undoubted that
both actio-ns are intimately associated
with disturbances ' of that portion of
the earth which- we are accustomed to
term the habitable globe. Naturally
also earthquakes and volcanoes are
closely related for the reason that both
take their origin from the internal heat
of the earth, which, of course, is a rem
nant of the universal heat in which
our planet was ■ born. There remains,
however, a certain series of phenomena
to which the term slow movements of
the earth's crust may. be applied. These
are sufficiently, interesting to warrant a
brief description of certain'of the more
prominent examples of such actions.
Slow Changes of the Earth's Surface.
If their occurrence may be described
as of much less obstrusive nature than
is the earthquake or the. volcano, their
reality is nevertheless" quite as strongly
marked. Practically the real difference
between the earthquake , and the slow
movements of the earth's crust is one
not of kind, but simply degree.
An earthquake, in other words, , will
effect in a moment changes of the
earth's crust which may require very
lengthened periods of time on the part
of the slow movements to bring about.
Nevertheless, it. is obvious that the
three phenomena themselves all Indi
cate to the geological mind' the great
fact that the apparently stable crust of
the earth Is really In a condition of
more or less constant alteration and
change.' In. some localities subsidence
is the prevailing feature,' while in
others elevation of the strata is noted
to take place. One very important pre
liminary consideration may here be
noted. Where man's observation has
long enough existed to convince him of
apparent, alteration In the relative
levels of land and sea, a question might
arise regarding the exact seat of the
phenomena he has noted. Popularly
speaking, it .would appear, at first" sight
very much more, reasonable to assert
that either a retirement or an invasion
of the sea would account for the altera
tion perceived : say 'on coast larids." ; fJL
little reflection, however/ will convince
.THE'. SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
By Dr. Andrew Wilsosi
Author of "Science Stones," etc.
us that the ocean may be considered in
the main to be a non-altering quantity.
A simple consideration will easily con
vince us of the truth of this remark.
The sea practically remains on the
same level. Therefore when an altera
tion is found to take place on a sea
coast, unless we are prepared to prove
that on the opposite shore a similar
alteration has taken place, and to the
same extent, we must set the burden
of .the.ehanse on the shoulders of the
land and not on those of the ocean.
Suppose, for example, what represents
an actual event, .namely, the case of
submerged forests, common enough*
round many of our own. coasts, and
also on those of other countries. Hare,
extending below low water mark/. we
flnu>the stumps of trees. It is obvious
that these must have grown on what
was once dry land. If we assume that
the forest was" In reality submerged by
the ocean, this -would necessitate our
supposing that a rise of if may be
twenty or thirty feet of sea took place,
this rise implying not merely a tidal
wave, but a permanent, alteration In
the sea level. Suppose that such- an
event took place say on the north coast
of the Enslish^ Channel, then if the
alteration were due to the sea's rise we
ought to be able to show that a similar
rise had taken place on "the French
Bide, seeing that water must always
maintain its own level. _
The Earth Changes — Xot the Sea.
Apart from the Impossibility of thus
accounting. for change in the apparent
level of land and sea, we have to reck
on the j immense additional -. body . of
water which would be required to ef
fect the change In question, j Thereiis
not a shadow of evidence to lead us to
suppose that any such material change
, In the bulk of our oceans is atall pos
sible. -Therefore 'we > are left with the
reasonable theory that the change rep
resented in s the : submerged forest < has
been due to v a partial and local sub
sidence of a part of the coast, carrying
the old forest gradually below the sur
face of the waves, "an faction continued
; slowly / and much disturbance
of the trunks of the trees themselves.
Assuming that the land is the seat
of these : slow • movements and not the
! sea, • we ; may proceed ; now to note , cer
• tain'' interesting examples of 'suctf ac-
tions. Curiously enough we find Cel
sius, the great Swedish naturalist, giv
ing his opinion at the beginning of the
eighteenth century that the Baltic
Ocean and North Sea together were
gradually subsiding. He further insist
ed that as far as regards Sweden the
rate of the depression of the sea
amounted to about forty inches in 100
years. Referring to proofs in support
of his contention, he added that rocks
on the shores of the Baltic once exist
ing in the state of sunken reefs and
dangerous to navigators had gradually
appeared above the surface of the sea.
Also It was known that certain towns
which in former years had been sea
ports were now found inland, islands
also have been joined tq the main
land and fishing grounds rendered in
this way useless. 1
No doubt the remarks/af Celsius were
correct as -regards details, only he
erred in crediting the sea as the seat
of the changes in question. If to-day
we consult a map on which the coasts
said to be rising and sinking in the
world are figured forth, we discover
that while the western' coast of Nor
way and also the Swedish coast in the
Gulf of Bothnia may be said to exhibit
evidences of the rising mentioned by
this author, the most southerly part
of Sweden is' actually proved to be
at the present time subsiding. It
therefore must be clear that the
changes in question must be credited
to the land and not to the sea, seeing
that In coasts bordered by the same
body of water we have the double
movement represented. We find an ex
ample of a coast that has been elevated
In the case of Chile, this elevation fol
lowing . rapidly on earthquake action
itself. The southern coast of England,
as well as that of Ireland, and the
north coast of France are in a state of
depression. Tracing the North African
coast, for example," we find evidence of
rising extending from Gibraltar to
Tripoli, but from the latter point on
ward to the' Red Sea. we have evidence
of . sinking. The : south coast of Green
land is also an area which Is marked
by4 depression. '.
The Seesaw of. Continents. t
"Of this latt&r phenomena we find sev
eral interesting proofs. Danish investi
gators many ; years ago showed'clearly
that part of the : west coast -of Green
land, extending for a length of six hun
dred miles from north to . south, was
gradually sinking. The evidence, in
deed, points to the fact that for. four
bad taste of your ride with lomi tea?"
■he asked solicitously.
*Tancred acquiesced heartily and seat
ed himself near the dainty tea table
where she was busying herself:
'."Twenty-two," he told himself men
tally, "and the finest eyes in America."
In that % half hour at the tea table
Tancred fell in love; and having fallen
In love, the object of his coming here
intruded Itself like a black cloud in
the fair sky of his happiness. This
girl was an heiress; It was this he had
come to tell her.. And Tancred. albeit
a sturdy young lawyer, was -by no
means"wealthy. He suddenly resolyed
to let .the fortune remain in the back
ground for a week at least. He would
be unreservedly happy for that time,
and then — "Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof," he told himself.
. "Cousin Peter couldn't have left me
much," said Miss Parsons.
"No." said Tancred, carrying out his
resolution. "I'll go over the papers
carefully and in a week's time I think
I can tell you the exact amount."
A week went by— two weeks— a
month. Still the exact amount of
Cousin Peter's legacy was not vouch
safed to Miss Parsons. She seemed to
have found a richer legacy in her rides
with Tancred across the brown plains
and her talks with him before the
library fire. Uncle Tapley looked on
with happy approval.
"They're thoroughbreds — a fin© pair,"
he told himself often and with much
satisfaction. -
It" was at the end of the sixth week
of his star at the 4X ranch that Tan
cred. after a night of sleepless agony,
resolved to terminate the pangs of con
science, which were beginning to trou
ble him seriously. They had ridden that
morning to -* group of wells on the
HER MANAGEMENT
By £\rpHemia Holden
, Copyright, 1904, by B. Holden.
BBSSSBBECSKn HE shaded light from
ggaganrsfacn the library lamp fell
l JT9R Bn H on her hair, tTrlngins
jy i " IfrJtf out its golden glinta,
Eft* H/l whlch refreshed h!s
Sgg §>4 tired eyes. He had
jffiy_ _S*M an hour for re-
creation before going
uptown to. edit the morning edition of
a big daily paper.
A few years ago she had been his
chum's Jolly little sister. Lately he
had discovered she was a woman
whose smile was more to him than
clubs, theaters or books. *
"The same old question," he burst
out, almost in earnest; "you want me
to dine with a mob of your friends.
Ten dollars' worth of agony for me to
10 cents' gratification for you."
She raised her round chin.
"I like men who don't count costs,
she sniffed.
"Spoiled and unreasonable, he mut
"I should say so/' she replied, with
a slight lift of her shoulders, "a girl
with an older brother and seven un
married uncles and aunts is so apt to
be especially when each one is more
critical than the next wherever you
begin or end."
"But you forget Howells and the
others. He's certainly don© a lion's
share." ~ ,
"If you mean a man spoils a girl
by showing her consideration, atten
tion, perfect manners," she began
hotly. .'* .
"Are you going to marry him for
his manners or his money?" he inter
rupted. ■ '_ £'
"I haven't decided," she returned
with sudden chilliness. 'jSZ, .
"You're engaged to him, then, ne
asked suddenly.
hundred years at least, and probably
for a far longer period, the coast of
Greenland from Igallko to Disco Bay
has been sinking. The proofs of this
submergence have been found in the
fact that old buildings constructed on
low islands have been submerged and
the Greenlanders take care to build
their huts some distance from the
coast line. Another interesting proof
of this subsidence in Greenland is af
forded by the fact that some of the
earlier Moravian missionaries fixed
strong poles In the sea beach close to
the doors of their huts for the purpose
of mooring their boats. To-day these
poles are seen practically to hold their
places, but are far out at sea, the land
meanwhile having sunk and the sea
flowed in upon it.
The Italian coast, however, probably
furnishes us with more numerous and
*more distinct examples of these slow
movements of land within a compara
tively limited area than possibly any
other part of the earth's surface. There,
as indeed are also found elsewhere in
the world, marks of sea action on cliffs
are met with high above the present
level of the sea. Also there are found
in such situations the burrows in the
rocks made by shell fish whose natural
habit it Is to bore into stone and to
live In the burrows thus made. There
is a very interesting case of elevation
of the earth's crust found in the Ponza
Islands, situated off the coast of Italy.
Tlic Alteration in a Century.
It appears that the largest island of
this group is known as Palmarola. This
latter, area of land is well nigh spilt
in two by the hollow which exists In
a semi-circular form, sloping to the
beach and open to the west side. The
lowest part of this hollow contains
many large stones and bowlders. These
are seen to be marked with the re
mains of Serpulae tubes, these last be
ing the limy tubes made by, certain
sea worms for the purpose of protect
ing their bc-dics. They are familiar to
every person who has paid any atten
tion, whatever- to the animal life of the
sea side. In 1786 Dolomlen visited the
Ponza Islands. He describes Palmarola
as belnsr then divided into two parts
by a narrow canal or space of sea,
which he states v.*as of the dimensions
such as would allow a barge to pass
through it. This writer also construct
ed a man of these islands.. He shows
the canal clearly enough. It lies in
the position of the semi-circular de
pression already alluded to, this de
pression, as we have seen, being part of
the island itself and now above high
water mark. It is perfectly clear, then,
that slow, deration of Palmarola must
have taken place within relatively re
cent . times. The extent of land rise
represented la this locality Is stated by
modern authorities to equal about 200
feet. -
% . i
northern border of the ranch. The air
was crisp and clear and Miss Parsons,
with eyes sparkling and cheeks aglow
from the ride, was doubly .charming.
Tanered's mind reverted to that ait
ernoon when he had stopped on the
platform of the Yellow Flat station.
•1 felt as If I were marooned, he told
himself, "and I was marooned— In para-
He squared his shoulders and turned
to the girl- ' „ .
"I'm coins back to-morrow, he sa.a
with quiet force. ■
"To-morrow?" The consternation in
her voice set his heart thumping. 6u*
he went on calmly. i V '
"Yes. to-morrow. Ton and I ar«
very far apart." His voice had a not*
of sadness. _
"Are we very far apart?" she salOi
"Three hundred thousand dollar*"
he said. m .
"I — I don't think I understand you."
she said regarding him with wondtf
"Cousin Peter Is responsible," h»
observed. _.
"Oh!" she rasped. "Was It aS
that?" . .
"Yes." he said. "You understand,
of course, why I go?"
She was silent. Her face ws*
turned from him again. Presently M
caught the sound of a sob.
"Miss Parson!! — Gertrude!" ht cried,
and — such are resolutions— he put ntt
arm about her.
"I'll — I'll give It away." she n|4
sobbing unrestrainedly on his shoul
der.
And because of this, brown, bar*
Yellow Flat became the Garden •!
Eden — to Tancred, a^ leasts
"What right have you to askf* i
The lines on his face dropped.
"None," he replied humbly.
"Well, I'm not!" she retorted, mora
than appeased with his humility. After
a pause he spoke softly.
"My mother always said I'd be verr.
easy to manage."
"But you know she spoiled you. Too
-were her only boy. Personally, I
wouldn't try it if you were the last
man on earth."
She was almost sorry when she saw
his mouth tighten and the fine nervous
lines of his mouth grow deeper.
"That's a blow," he said with dry
lips. "Yet you told me once that I
had never failed you."
"In service — no."
"Only in little things, then?"
"They're what count with a woman."
"That's not reasonable. I'm abrupt
—disagreeable at times, I guess— but
you know quite Well that is only man
ner."
She gazed Into the light without re
plying. His eyes were on the rug pat
tern again.
"I have always thought," he began,
after a minute, "that marriage is a
partnership of equals, the capital
stock personal liberty, and, of course,
love and respect. Then, if the wife
wanted to do one thing and the hus
band another, they'd either go It alona
with perfect pleasantness or compare
notes. Whoever showed the best cas*
would win the day.
"For instance." the interest in her
face warmed him to his theory, •*!*
you and I were married" — her face
changed to roguish disgust — "and you
wanted to go to a dinner and I wanted
to stay at home, you'd give your rea
sons, I mine. If you wished to j go
more than I wished to stay, we'd go.
Isn't that fair?"
"No, no, no." she crfed, excitedly.
"Who'd be the Judge? You, of course*
I'd be as bad a hermit as you In a
little while. I'd rather give In than
have friction."
"I'm not frlctlonal," he pleaded.
"You can't or won't understand me*
Besides, if you don't like me as I *m
take me and edit me."
"You told me you never touched re
jected manuscript. Why should XT*
He laughed, though the shaft found
a tender spot. After another interval
of silence he began to speak In a on
rious, controlled tone.
"I can't realize my dream Is done.
I hadn't any right to it. of coarse, bat
Just the some I've thought of a ttmm
when you would care enough to marry
me. I wanted a little house, not very
large or wonderful It wouldn't need
to be. If you were there — think of hair
ing one's own brand of sunshln*?
What a fool I've been! You couldn't
care for a man older, unpolished, h'a
enthusiasm and freshness gone. I
suppose some fellow will be »ueky
enough to sit opposite to your smile."
"I hope so," she said quietly. *1
don't care to be an old maid."
"You won't be. I wonder who— ort
Howells — he's not clever enough. lt*»
iather a wonder you have stuck It out
so long. You're unusually fascinat
ing. Did I ever tell you that?" *.■
"You never told me anything nice,*
she said pettishly.
"But you knew that for m« yoa
were the prettiest, sweetest woman in
the world. And I believed in your
talent. Why. if you'd been willing t»
marry me we'd have made you a
famous artist 'You won't find many
men who hold the theory of a
woman's right to individuality."
"Oh. theories!" she cried, impatiently.
"You'd fe*d a woman on theories when
she was starving for a kiss."
He sprang to his feet, his face flush
ing.
"That's cruel and unjust! You con
demn me without knowing. Lots of
times your face has been so close to
mine I had only to put my arms about
you and— and instead I've clinched my
bands and moved away because I knew
you b»ld a kiss a sacred thing, and I
had so little to offer except my love!"
"You merely mean." she said, her
breath coming a little queerly. "that
you refrained from gratifying a passing
temptation — "
"Why will you try to hurt me?" he
demanded, stopping his quick pacing
and looking down at her. "I mean I re
frained from telling you I loved you
with all my heart and soul — that- you
are the one woman In the world who
satisfies all my imaginings— and then—
and then — "
"I can't see why you didn't," she
murmured, half-bold, half-tremulous.
"I've kept my lips for such a kisa— "
Something dropped from him Ilka a
dark garment.
"But you said,- he faltered. She put
two trembling hand3 upon his should
ers.
"Ytou've never told me you loved me.
and I've waited so long." Her face was
hidden now.
"You said." he choked, /holding her
very close, f*you said you wouldn't mar
ry me If I were the last man on earth."
"I said manage— I don't want to man
age—I Just want to be lovtd."SOME RECENT BOOKS OF NOTE
" The Deliverance"
a Powerful Book
N some of the remote parts of
I Egypt the natives wishing to pre
11 pare the ground for the sowing
j[ scratch the soil to the depth of a
few inches with a pointed stick
<?ra\\n by an ox. After the most
difficult labor they succeed in turning
over the mere crust of the earth, leav
ing th.? black loam, rich with the pos
sibilities of life, untouched below. To
the assiduous reader it becomes mani
fest what a veritable scratching of the
soil the average present day novel if
vhen a book tfuch as "The Deliver
ance" falls into his hands. In nine nov
els out of ten the same shallow surface
fetrata of the conventional and the com
monplace is harried and haggled by
the little sticks of the little author peo
ple until it is scored and rescored by
lines absolutely parallel. To the good
of literature, however, there come at
Intervals writers who furrow deep into
the glebe and turn up the richness
which is beneath. Such a one is Ellen
Glasgow.
"The Deliverance" is a bo<jk of life.
It Is a book to study. Far from being
one of the ponderous Introspective
studies of a Henry James, or the
gloomy brooding* of an Ibsen, the
Btory is primarily one designed to be
interesting, yet there is so much of the
human Jieart in it, so true a grasp of
human problems, that after reading it
for pleasure one returns to read it for
profit. With ihe book not yet two
months from the presses 'it would be
extravagant to say that it is great, but
hindered by the lack of proper per
spective the reviewer may at least
venture the opinion that it is one of
the few superior books out of all the
recent tide of popular novels. It has
qualities, too. which are calculated tc
make it outlive many of these recent
things which come out between covers.
Like James Lane Allen with the
hemp and Frank Norris with the wheat
Mips Glasgow has chosen to make a
plant play its mysterious influence
throughout the taTeT Tobacco is the
dominant factor. As Norris in "The
Octopus"' makes the wheat growth play
a part in the plot almost allegorical so
does Ellen Glasgow skillfully weave the
baleful enchantment of the great weed
in and about until each of the charac
ters seems to be caught in the spell
from the preen leaves. The old tobac
co plantation of a great Virginian fam
ily that has= been brought low by the
rigors of the Civil War is the pivot
about which surge all the passions and
the impulses of the story.
The ta'e opens upon the efforts of
Dill Fletcher to get control of a bar
row bit «jf land, the last sliver of the
shrunken estate of the old Blake fam
ily. From the position of plantation
overseer for the Blakes before the war
Fletcher has rissn to opulence and by
treachery and by fraud has succeeded
in dispossessing the last of the Blakes
of Sjf the waving green acres save a
paltry lew whereon they dwell in
penury.
Christopher Blake, the only son of the
&«te-beilum owner of the plantation,
has? been forced down to the position of
a common field laborer upon the few
remaining acres that are his in order
that he may bring bread to the mouths
of his aged, paralytic mother, his two
sisters and a crippled veteran of the
lost cause, his uncle.
From the time when he tried to shoot
Fletcher with his sauirrel gun as a 12
year-old Christopher has possessed one
burning desire, and that, revenge upon
the man who had robbed him of his in
heritance and forced him down to the
level of a field hand. With every wak
ing moment this young giant, whose
blood is that of a long line of proud
ancestors, fans the flame of hatred in
his heart until the native brute within
him rises clamoring to the surface and
he stoops to a cowardly revenge. This
is no less than the debauching of youns
Will Fletcher, the only grandson of
the rascally overseer, upon whom all
the old man's hopes for a proud family
name arc established.
Hardly has the implacable Christopher
encompassed his ends only too surely
when a treat love for Fletcher's
granddaughter, which has for years
been combating all the hatred for th3
name in his heart, triumphs and there
follows the passionate endeavor to
right the wrong done to the grandson.
At last when the fires of the higher
purpose have burned out the dross
which clogged his eouI. Christopher ar
rives at "the great deliverance."
Christopher Blake is a remarkable
Study. With keen appreciation of the
effects of heredity and the sensitive
ness of a patrician soul Bfisa Glasgow
has portrayed the spirit of a gentle
born declassed. When forced down
among h:s tobacco plants to grub in
the soil this scion of the Blakes is al
most a savage at times, glorying in
(<ls unlettered boorlshness. but behind
this all remains to assert itself in rare
fitches the sterling worth that is inborn
and will not down. The author pict
ures with dynamic force the struggle
between these two natures which Is
stubbornly fought, until the refining
power of love comes to bring ths bet
ter to the fore. This character of a
man is as forceful a picture as life
Itself.
The touch of pathes in' the story is
supplied in the braye old Mrs. B!ake,
sightless, chained to inactivity by ill
ness, yet possessed of a sturdy faith
in the worth and beauty of life, which
is !»k^ a halo about her silvered head.
3*hi» quaint old survivor of the past
regime, who believes in the darkness
of her sightless eyes that she is still the
mistress of 300 slaves, that her mansion
Is yet the open home cf hospitality and
her children enjoy the luxuries of the
old days, ls t sweet character enough
«o atone for the strain the author has
to make upon the credulity of her
readers in order that this situation
rcay »je accepted.
When tii« last page of this book is
tuned or.*» docs not fe»I so much that
he has. fceen reading: of life as that he
Iizb been reading life itself. The char
acters seem to be at the finger's touch,
their actions are vital, their souls are
real. The machinery of the plot is so
cleverly hidden that it seems not a
romance, but an actuality that we are
viewing upon the screen of a printed
page.
(Doubleday, Page & Co., New York;
price $1 50.)
The Exploration
of the Great West
p^ OCKY MOUNTAIN EXPLO
4 4 \tD RATION," by Reuben Gold
1 \ Thwaltes, Is the latest volume
issued by Appleton & Co. in
their valuable "Expansion of the Re
public Series," and In every respect it
sustains the reputation gained by the
earlier volumes.
From the time of Balboa's crossing
the continental backbone in Darien to
the completion of the transcontinental
railroads some of the most wonderful
exploration feats ever accomplished
were carried cut in this country. Their
records fill, innumerable volumes,' many
of which .are as brimful of brilliant epi
sodes and- quite as entertaining as
any of the most thrilling romances.
Notwithstanding the abundance of
these exciting works dealing with the
trials and accomplishments of the no
ble army of pioneer heroes who opened
up the fertile Western districts of
America, we are often reproached with
knowing less r>t the history of the ex
ploits of the great pathfinders of our
own country than we know of the ex
plorations in remote regions like Asia
or Africa. Probably nothing has con
tributed to the comparatively general
lack of appreciation or want of knowl
edge of the performances of many of
the leading Western explorers than the
very abundance of the literature
their exploits have called forth and the
.consequent extensive study that is
necessary to gain a comprehensive
knowledge of their achievements.
Thwaites' aim has been to remove this
difficulty and to place within the reach
of the busiest reader a clear, concise
account of the main triumphs of the
most notable adventurer?, and by
short, luminous commentaries to show
how their discoveries formed such im
portant links in both the political and
economical development of America.
His work contains the, first general
summary of the history of Western ex
ploration that Las been published;
The author commences by referring
to the attempts to find a short Western
read to India and the Far East by the
hardy navigators of old S^aln. He then
briefly notices the conquest of Mexico
and the futile searches of the Spanish
ccnquisladores in the Northwest for
the "upper coasts of the South Sea," of
which Montezuraa had frequently told
them. Although they were baffled in
their attempts to discover a channel
leading from the Gulf of Mexico to the
Pacific, their hopes were continually
buoyed up by the enchanting stories
about the marvelous golden cities of
Cibola that were related to them by the
Indians. This led to the brilliant expe
ditions into the Painted Desert regions
of New Mexico and Arizona under the
guidance of Marcos de Nlza ana Coro
nado.
Thwaites then refers to the gallant
attempts of the French in Canada to
discover the northwest passage. In a
few pages he describes the wonderful
deeds of the Verendryes, father and
sons, and the adventures of some of
the early Canadian fur hunters. The
stirring acounts these Canadian ex
plorers gave* of the fertility of the
country they passed through and the
remarkable abundance of game and
fur-bearing; animals they met with at
tracted considerable attention in Eng
land and led to the formation of what
was the most powerful trading cor
poration of the day — the famous Hud
son Bay Company. This company was
formed in 1657 and had its charter be
stowed upon it by King Charles' II.
Among Its shareholders were many of
the most prominent men In England,
including the celebrated Prince Rupert
and the Duke of York. Charles granted
the company imperial rights to the
large terltory known as Prince Ruperts
Land and all the region drained by the
waters running into Hudson' Bay, the
Arctic and the North Pacific slopes. It
was to enjoy the "whole, entire and
only liberty and trade and traffic," as
their charter said, and to possess the
right to seize upon the property, and
persons of all competitors, British or
foreign; make and enforce law, admin
ister Justice, build and garrison forts,
maintain ships of war and exercise mil-
nary o nu uavai power— in short, it was
to assume absolute autocracy.
For a long period the company sternly
exercised Its powers. As a conse
quence it enjoyed a highly remunera
tive trade. But in its dealings with
the Indians, it must be said to its
crudlt, it was perfectly ju4t; its'com
mercial methods were strictly honor
able; and it invariably placed its af
fairs in the hands of high-minded dip
lomatic officials. In conformity with
th«? general advancement .in political
affairs In England, this great corpora
tion surrendered its imperial powers
to- the British Government just two
centuries after its organization. It
has left an indelible record upon the
history of North American develop
ment. ■
Thwaltes attaches great importance
to the Louisiana purchase In 1803,
which doubled our territories, and as
Dr. T>\ .T Turner in n r«»r<*>nt instructive
cssay aptly remarks, "gave birth to the
conception of space in American
ideals." "For," says he, "the Immen
sity of the area thus opened to ex
ploitation has continually stirred the
American*' imagination, fired their
energy and determination, strengthen
ed their ability to handle vast designs,
and made them measure their achieve
ments by the aeale of the Rocky Moun
tains and the Drairiee."
President Jefferson's exertions to stop
the encroachments <\f the English in
th<? northprn districts; his years of
patient plodding and bulldog,persever
ance, in his endeavors to get the Gov
ernment,to fit out a transcontinental
exploring expedition under the com
mand of military officials; his ultimate
success, which was followed by the
great triumphs of the Lewis and Clark
expedition are described at consider
able length.
. The final chapters are devoted to
the "Conquest of California," and the
exploits and adventures of General
Fremont and his famous guide, Kit
Carson. ;
Sain Weller once remarked after sev
eral times rereading a love-letter h«
had written, that, he wished there was
more of it. Readers of "Rocky Moun
tain Exploitation" will experience a
somewhat similar desire before closing
the volume.
• (D. Appleton & Co., New York; illus
trated; "price $1 25.)
Said, Arch Rogue
and Clever Scamp
| | /AS there ever a more delightful
1 I / rosua than Said, the fisher
*AJ m an? Not since Don Caesar
dc Bazan has such an arrant
scamp and ragamuffin stalked his way
into literature with the fascinating im
pudence that is Said's. This turbaned
rip of old Damascus is bound to worm
his way into the Occidental heart as
easily as he forced the salaams from
the faithful in the Prophet's city.
"Said the Fisherman" is the work of
a new writer, Marmaduke Pickthall,
an Englishman, Like so many of his
confreres, Pickthall has gone "some
where east of Suez" .to find his story,
and, though It is old ground which he
plows over, the fruits are new and
strange to the taste. From the dirty,
repulsive Orient, the lying, swindling,
godless East, he has brought x story
which is remarkably good and he has
evolved a character new to fiction. It
is safe to say that "Said the Fisher
man" will take a ctrong hold on the
novel world? '
The author finds his hero contentedly
fishing with his few nets along the sea
shore, happy in the enjoyment of his
lentils t.nd oil at meal time and the
swinging couch in his fig tree when
the hot night comes on. But the chap-?
ter of Said's luck begins when hi3 false
friend Abdullah 3teals all of his
hoardings and cozens him into a hasty
flight toward the sacred city, Damas
cus. Then with his faithful drudge of
a wife Hasneh loaded with; the house
hold belongings and he himself com
fortably disposed upon, the baok of a
mule. Said launches himself into the
hazardous world with "all to gain and
nothing to lose."
How Said finds his wife a useless
burden and leaves her upon the hospi
tality of some of his new T found
friends, how he suddenly finds himself
great in the eyes of his fellows through
virtue of a braid-embroidered
dressing gow-n stolen from a Christian
missionary, and how he finally arrives
at Damascus richer than before Is then
chronicled by the author. By his su-'
preme power of telling the most won-"
derful lies and "by the adroit iassump
tion of a dignity commensurate ! with'
THE SAN FRANCISCa SUNDAY CALU
the authority ip, him vested - by.*.- the
■missionary's : dressing 'gown Said rises
to opulence^ by l^aps and .bounds. ; Said
the fieherrnan is a flQSt.memory^and
JEmir SaidrbleBsed.Ctre 'Allah, ig^the
honored ?uest at'Abu Khalil.- '
PtckthalJ husutilljed the inclaei}t of
the great massacre* at -Danuiscus in
June, I860, tointroduce some stirjing
scenes in hts 'book. Said, true Mus
lim that he is, ; is one of the leaders in
the slaughter of the Nazarenes. not
forgetting in \ his religious zeal, how
ever, to lay greedy hands upon the
fair, daughter of one of the victims
and to pre-empt a goodly' stack of
gold. But in his passion for the fair
Nazarene lies \ Said's undoing. \ Fate
carries him to London, where the
dreadful gloom and the fog strain his
mind to the breaking point. At last,
buffeted by ill fortune, sick in brajn
and body. Said die.3 at the hands of
British soldiery In a street row in
Alexandria.
In Said It must be believed that the
author has sought to embody all of the
characteristics of • ,-the Oriental, re
stricting that term to cover the nether
cast of Asiatic Turkey and Egypt. The
chicanery, the bombast, the greed, tha
cruelty, the terrible fanaticism and the
overwhelming fatalism * of the typical
Muslim are all Incarnate in Said. Cruel
he is and subtle as the serpent, yet at
all times possessed of such a frank
self-love and ingenuous belief in -his
own destiny that the reader pardons
his faults as being no more than the
endowment of his race. His strangely
poetic anathemas wherein the wealth,
the family,' the religion and general
well being of his enemies are consigned
to everlasting perdition bring a laugh
to the lips at every repetition. His su
preme self-assertlveness and the quality
of h'.s nerve make him qne of the most
diverting of villains. After ull it is
not Said's blacker nature that remains
to revolt the m!nd of the reader, but
the delicious 'quality of his knavery,
which is sparkling enough to cloak
the multitude of his sins.
(McClure, Phillips & Co., New York.)
Bull Novel Built
on Mud Foundation
yx N authority upon present day
l\ light literature once said that the
Jl people who enjoy Richard Hard
/ ing Davis'- novels of thehautton
are not those who have a foot
man to open the front 'door, but tho3e
who would like to have a footman and
cannot. This trite characterization
must be taken to apply in a measure to
all: of those readers who linger fondly
over the pages of a modern "society
novel," drinking In with delight great
draughts of "smartness." . For tha
clever author' of- such makes a great
point in naively, taking it ; for granted
that the reader, knows all about a
dejeuner a la fourchette or a. Dresden
china minuet; the reader flatters him
self that the author cannot fool HIM
about such things; result, mutual satis
faction. . So then, there will be many
who will: sit ; up of nights to read
"Sylvia's Husband,"' by Mrs. Burton
Harrison. , ■ ".
{ Sounds like "The Dook Decides" or
"Lady Trevelyan's Blunder"— that
title, "Sylvia's Husband.'/ j j Far be it
from- saying. that Mrs.. Burton Harri
son's latest novel should be thought to
be of the "Happy Hour" series, or that
it is purchasable inpaper at any news
stand. It was run In Smart Jet,. if one
mistakes not, and of course that gives
it caste. "Sylvia's Husband" is one of
those 'delightfully demure . novels of
marriage, intrigue, • scandal j and % di
vorce, /where ''certain situations are
handled with exquisite delicacy, 'V,
Ballyrlg Castle^' the Irish summer
home of the William HiKyards, is the
scene of a gay little party of congenial
souls whe,n the story. discloses it. One
of trie "dear people Joves some one else
be3ldea>.her •husband; one loves nothing
.else' but' -[scandal; a third loves only
money. , Set as a - cold gray moonstone
in. this circle of sparkling brilliants is
Sylvia, the.: Cinderella stepchild- of a
very naughty, very irritating foster
mamma; Sylvia loves Sir Hugh; eke
the' naughty foster-mamma. To save
the. latter Sir Hugh is forced to marry
the former, thereby becoming "Sylvia's
Husband.'' Then the trouble begins,
for the fo3ter-mamma is a bit of a
devil when her dander is up. and she
uses every, endeavor to make Sylvia's
nest an, uncomfortable one. 'She plays
upon.ihor jealousy by flirting violently
with \ her' former' lover; she nags at
.Sylvia ;_most unmercifully, and finally
she succeeds in opening the young
wife's eyes to the supposed incontinence
of her husband. He refuses to deny,
and, bc-or that he is, lurches off to Af
rica to fight for h.ls native land.. Sylvia
has a year** to think it over, and when
she; has' "lust decided upon a divorc*
back comes the boorish husband, is
pardoned Instanter and allowed one*
more to hold his wife In his heroic
arms. •
A story of manners such as this pur
ports'-to be, like a play of manners,
should be so' rippling with wit that
the plot serves only as the conveyance
for. the spirit of the tale. The char
acter? should be endowed with a more
than , a* human .fund of repartee and
epigram or they have .no cause for
existence. Sordid accounts of scan
dals in the uppen ten are common
enough for all conscience sake. Yet
Mrs. Burton Harrison .has done no
more than to weave a web of scandal,
not involved, either, which has riot the
saving grace of wit to condone the un
pleasant moral tone expressed and
implied therein. The characters are
lifeless and their speeches often vapid.
The somewhat sluggish action of the
plot does not rise to spirited' move
ment at any place and draws to a ra
mnrkably weak .close. Rejally, there
Is no excuse for Sylvia's husband. Syl
via herself or any of the other un
pleasant people of the book.
(D. Appleton & Co., -New York;
price U 25.)
Brief Notes Upon
Books Received
ERTAINLY the compilation of a
lC/ Volume comprising 50,000 French
idiomatic phrases and colloquial
expressions • with their equiva
lents in English is a monumental task.
All honor should go to the French pro
fessor, Armand-Georges Billaudeau.
who has done this in a manner
deserving of great praise. To
select 50.000 idioms *of common ' use
or; elegant coinage from the French
ianguage is In Itself --a 'worthy task' in
the cause of literature; the translation
of these into English provides an In
valuable reference to writers and users
of polished language. |
For, as Professor Billaudeau says In
his foreword, "Our experience as a
professor and our personal observa
tions, have long since taught us that
the great difficulty in the study of lan
guages is not found alone in the
knowledge of the vocabulary or the
grammar, but, more than. that besides,
in the; judicious use. of the current
forms of speech and the special turn
of the phrase in each idiom."
(Boyveau & Chevillet, editors. Paris;
price $2 50.) • : -
America may produce pork, pig iron
and peanuts, but not sporting dogs of
high degree. So "thinks Joseph A. Gra
ham, whose unique, book; 'The Sport
ing Dog," has come as ;the latest vol
ume: of : the American ; Sportsman's Li
brary. ?> . .
1, Every "doggy" man who follows the
gun on marsh or meadow will read
Graham's book with interest, for it is
as complete as any thorough investi
gator and lover of the animal could
make It. The mysteries of the breeds
if Llewellyn, Laverack. mixed foxhound
and Gordon are herein expounded;
breaking and training of hopeful pup
pies claims a share of the space; the
breeding of high-class youngsters is
touched upon, and all of the finer points
on the subject of bench shows and field
trials are elucidated.
But the author insists that we owe
all of our setters, pointers, beagles and
greyhounds to the. skill of our British
brethien of % the hunt. Though the best
dogs arc bred in England he admits
that their importation to • America
serves to give them a certain demo
cratic tone which comports well with
their British instincts. Graham says:
'•Reduced to the simplest terms, the
change wrought over here comes to
this: The dry climate of extreme tem
peratures. "the nature of the grounds
and game, and the methods of hunting
the fox and shooting game birds cause
the survival of the fittest to proceed
In the direction of a faster, lighter and
more enduring animal; perhaps not
more sensitive of nose, but quicker in
the reflexes of judgment and action,
which are the sequences of scent."
(The Macmlllan Company, New York;
illustrated; price $2.) • .
With the ever increasing popularity
of bridge whist come the inevitable
guides to expert playing. People who
catch the rage are willing to sit over
a textbook and plot out the game with
the nicety of the Pythagorean prob
lem In Euclid, so that at the next meet
ing cf "the club" they may simply
sweep their opponents off the board.
Let such avail themselves of Foster's
"Bridge Tactics" and be supreme.
In his Introduction the author very
wisely disclaims any power to be didac
tic. Very properly he says that no
game of cards can be machine made
and that his only endeavor is to work
out for the bridge player the ground
plan of strategy, leaving him to erect
his own partieular scheme of attack
and defense. Then he follows with an
elaborate outline of the game, an ex
position of the rules of leading, finess
ing, duckins and all the other intri
cacies of the new sport, illustrating
everywhere by charts and tables. No
bridge expert could seek a more com
plete guide to the delectable pastime.
(Frederick Warne & Co., New York;
price $1 25.) -
Chance Glimpses
at the Writer Folk
+y C. McCLURG & CO. are about
to publish one of the most val
j 1 • 'iable and attractive nature
* books that has yet been issued
from the American press. On ac
count of the difficulties involved in
bringing out so elaborate a work and
the many features added to the original
plan its publication has been somewhat
delayed, but the changes causing the
delay will make the book all the more
valuable. The work is entitled "Birds
of California." It is written by Mrs.
Irene Grosvenor Wheelock. whose pre
vious volume. "Nestlings of Forest and
Marsh," will be remembered as a work
of rare charm and originality. Her new
book on the "Birds of California" has
many features that will commend it to
the naturalist, the tourist, the resident
of the great West and the nature lover
wherever he may be.
; It is announced that George W. Ja
cobs & Co. are about to publish in book
form the text of Thomas W. Broad
hurst's drama "The Holy City." which
was presented last year in some of the
larger cities and is to be brought out
simultaneously- next spring in New
York and San Francisco. It is very fit
ting that the text of such a play should
■be given to the public in book form;
the vital Interest of the theme, its pow
erful yet reverent treatment, its pro
foundly moving climax, all combine to
raise it above the ordinary drama and
to make it a passion, play of singular
power and beauty. Mr. Broadhurst has
produced a work .unusually uplifting in
character and one which inculcates in a
remarkable 'degree the lessons of the
Scriptures. The forthcoming volume. is
to be Illustrated from original photo
graphs.
It is seldom that a novel has begun
its serial appearance with such bril
liancy as that which attends Robert
Herrick's "The Common Lot." now
running in the Atlantic Monthly. Many
of the periodicals and reviews have
already taken occasion to comment
upon the significant fact that all the
four important serials now beginning
in American magazines are serious
and telling studies of American life as
It is; and they agree in finding Mr.
Herrick's story ' the young architect
with ideals practicing his profession
with a "commercial" firm In Chicago
not the" least powerful of 'them- The
editors of the Atlantic have intimated
that Mr. Herrick's plot has a singular
ly fatalistic foreshadowing In , the re
cent terrible catastrophe at the Iro-
qtiois i Theater in Chicago. While not
wishing to forestall the course of the
story, they intimate that its climax,
•written several months ago, tur%s
upon a tragical fire, Ihe result of tin
failure of builders to follow the hero's
architectural specifications — a failure
winked at by him for commercial rea
sons. This is a striking evidence of
the truth-telling and. as it were, pro
phetic power of fiction. >vl
Gclett Burgess, who has'mae> many
literary excursions into romance land,
is about to take up material residence
there. On a recent trip abroad he jus
tiflert h's tastr? for the unconventional
by purchasing a small fantastic estate
in Southern France near the wonderful
ruined and deserted «:ity of Lea Baux.
for which he paid the large sum of $4").
His estate consists of a pine . covered
hill surrounded by olive orchards and
fig trees. It contains dozers of Roman
sarcophagi which Mr. Burgess intend*
to excavate this winter. The estate i.-t
to be named LI Trouveloux. Provencal
for treasure tr<~.ve. •
The Academy, in rounding up the
best novels for 1903, makes this re
mark: "The novel ran like a locust
through Great Britain in IDCtf. devour
ing most o* the leisure which the public
spared from ni-jjture puzzles. Of th^
vast output Pbout ninety, by som.*
merit rarer than readability, deserved
to str 4 y the pulper'a inexorable ma
chine," Among the stories selected ti>r
mention by the Academy are Mrs.
Ward's "Lady Rose's Daughter," Mr.
James' "The Ambassadors," Mr. Ben
son's "The Relentles3 City." Mrs.
Katherlne. Cecil Thurston's "The Cir
cle." and Mr. Basil King's "In the Gar
den of Charity."
Joseph C. Lincoln's first novel, which
will be published shortly by A. S.
Barnes & Co., is entitled "Cap'n Eri:
A Story of the Coast." The scene is
laid on Cape Cod, which was the
author's early home. The genuine hu
mor which Mr. Lincoln has shown in
his short stories and the success of his
verses have aroused a special interest
in his forthcoming book.
Among books .of notable Interest
which the Century.. Company has in
hand for spring publication are: "Roof
and Meadow," by Dallas Lore Sharp,
whose "Wild Life Near Home" is a
popular favorite: a book on ballooning,
by Santos-Dumont: "Tillie: A Mennon
ite Maid,'.' a tale of the Pennsylvania
Dutch, by Helen R. Martin; "A
Daughter of Dale," a story of life in
an American university town; "Four
Roads to Paradise." by Maud Wilder
Goodwin: and "Order No. 11," a novel
and interesting study of life In the
South before the war.
Coincidences abound to the confusion
of the rigid mathematician's law of
chances. Here ig one, which. Involved
two well-known writers. The editor
of a magazine was publishing serially
a tale of adventure by A when he be
gan to receive the manuscript of an
other tale by B which he had com
missioned. Just as A's last chapters
were being printed B'a last chapters
arrived, and it was discovered that
the situations Involved in the climaxes
of the two stories were identical. This
case seems very hard on the^ editor.
The authors, however, did not fly at
each other's throats. • • - - : : .->. .v. •
George Moore, the novelist, . has
been having an encounter with two
Italians of the organ grinding fratern
ity, who persisted in "playing" in front
of his residence and refusing ta go
away when requested to do so. The un
happy man said he could not write and
the whistling of one of the offenders
that accompanied the organ was intol
erable. The defense said the Italians
did not understand Moore's distracted
gestures, and imagined he was express
ing pleasure at the lovely sounds they
evoked from the instrument, and fur
thermore, they wished to finish* .the
tune. But the novelist was obdurate,
declaring the time lest to him by their
abominable persecution could not be
made up; therefore, the magistrate or
dered the Italians to give security of
$25 for good behavior and to refrain
from visiting Mr. Moore's neighbor
hood in the future. What do you im
agine the author of "Sister Theresa'*
can be writing to be made so nervous?
Austin Dobson's recent "Life of
Fanny Burney" brings out the fact that
of six children in the family she alone
was not sent to school or placed under
a governess. She was not brilliant, but
"shy, backward and retiring." Still sha
wa3 interested in the wcrld. The alpha
bet interested her and she learned It
herself: then she learned to read with
out waiting to be sent to school. After
that she continued to be interested in
an increasing number of thing3 until
she became what Austin Dobson thinks
her— a genius.
Wirt Gerrare. author of "Greater
Russia." published a few months ago
by the Macmillan Company, has been
offered an engagement for a long term
by a manufacturing firm in Germany,
who make a condition that he shall
not contribute to any periodical or
write books. The whole of the in
formation obtained by Mr. Gerrare
while on h!s travpla will be purchased
by his employers for their own private
use as traders in the markets of the
world. This appears to indicate a new
career for observant writers who do
not crave publicity and are content
to forego frame if they can gain a live
lihood by their pen.
Mark Twain i3 at work on a new
novel, which wa«* besrun many years
atro and laid aside. Now that he is In
Italy, with move leisure and less lia
bility to interruption, he has gone to
work systematically to comolete It. He
has just finished a new short stpry.
which will appear in an early number
of Harper's Magazine. Mr. Clemens
writes his stories to suit Jilmself. and
then hand* them over to his wife, as
he says, "to edit the hell-fire out of
them." After Mrs. Clemens completes
her Important share of the work, their
damrhter copies them on the type
writer, for which her father pays her
at the resrular market rates. . -.;: :•■■■:,
Rl^h^rrt Whlteinsr Is known as a
novelist through "The Island." "Num
ber 5 John Street." and "The Yellow
Van." An admirer of those books has
been looking up the history of their
author, and reveals to the world that
in 1876. writing over the name of
"Whyte Thome." he published a
story In thrf- volumes entitled "The
Democracy." It would not be sur
nrisina: If this work were to be ex
humed and republlshed,.. ,;
J^ewBooks Jleceived
THE DELIVERANCE, Ellen Glas
gow; Doubleday, Page & Co., New
York; illustrated: price $150.
THE SPORTING DCG. Joseph A^
Graham; The Macmillan Company,
New York; illustrated; price $2 00.
SAID THE FISHERMAN. Marma
duke Pickthall; McClure, Phillips &
Co., New York.
BRIDGE TACTICS. R. F. Foster;
Frederick. Warr.e & Co.. New York;
price $1 23.
THE WORLD ALMANAC FOR 1904.
World Publishing Company, NefW
York; price 23c.
HANDBOOK OF PARLIAMENT
ARY USAGE, Frank W. Howe; Hinds
& Noble, New York; prise 50c.
78
THE
KING
SAILS
tCopyright by Robert Earr.)
H1NG JAMES VI of Scotland, at
tempting an incognito ex
p'.cralicu of the Highland?,
together with his companion.
James McDonald, was ostensibly a
puost, l>ut practically a prisoner of
MacLeod, the Skye overlord.
"What's to be done?" asked tha
King.
MacDcnaid proposed that they
should repair Instantly to MacLeod
and demand of him conveyance and
safe conduct to the rainland.
"We scarcely can do that." demurr
ed the King, 'until we are sure that
detention is intended. Let us put ths
matter at once to practical test and
nee if we are prevented from leaving
the castle. If we are thea is the time
lor protest." , '.
Acting on this suggestion, the two
went outside and took the road by
which they had come. Theyjfound an
agile young gillie at ttierr heels before
Ibey were out of sight of Dunvegan.
"Why arc you following us'.*'* asked
MaeDonaid 'n Gaelic.
"I was told to wait on your lord
ehlp*," returned the man.
"We need no waiting on; turn
back."
But the gillie shook his shaggy, un
covered head and patiently trod in
their footsteps.
"Let us see how far he will follow,"
said the King as he strode on. The
gillie accompanied them for half an
hour or more without making any
protest, but at last he said to Mac-
Donald that he thought .it was time
to return.
"We are going through to the coast
we came from." replied MacDonald,
"and we do not intend to return."
At this the gillie drew from his belt
a short black tube and blew a few
ehrill notes. Up to that moment the
way had been clear, but now there
appeared over the hill in front of
them a dozen armed men. who ap
proached carelessly, as if they had
merely happened to be in the neigh
borhood or were journeying together
toward the castle.
"I think it is time to go back," sug
gested the gillie in a dull, uninterested
voice.
rl think it is myself," replied Mac-
Donald.
And so the futile excursion came to
an frnd.
Once more in tha cartle they were
confronted again by ihe questiun,
"What next?"
' "1 am certain." said the King, "that
if MacLeod is attempting to hold us
there is little use in making appeal to
him. and we have small chance of get
ting word to the fleet. I propose, then,
to coerce him. He was alone in his
study yesterday and he may be alone
there now. A sword's point at a min's
throat is an irresistible argument."
"But will he keep his word if he gives
it under distress?" objected MacDoa
ald.
"I think he will, but it is better not
to put too strong a temptation on him.
If we come on him alone we will make
him sign a pass for us. Then we will
gag and tic him securely, convey him.
when the way is clear, to this room.
-a here he will be less likely to be looked
for. We wi!l then give him the con
solation that if his pass proves useless
ire will return and finish the business
V»y*Fendin& him into a less troublesome
world."
This advice was no sooner promul
gated than it was acted upon. The pair
traversed the corridors unseen until
they came to the door of the studv.
then, slipping out their swords they
entered quickly unannounced. TL-?
tight which confronted them was so un
expected t'nat. each stood there with
drawn sword in hand as if stricken Into
tione.
MacLeod was not in the room, but In
his stead, beside the wall of books, her
hand upraised, taking down a small
vellum-covered volume, was the most
beautiful young girl of psrhap3 nine
teen or twenty that either of them ever
had looked upon. The young woman
v.as the first of the three to recover
her composure. Relinquishing the book
to the shelf, the hand came down to
her side, and she said in most 'charm
ing liquid tones, but in broken English:
"You are looking for my father, per
haps?""
The King, ever gallant, swept his
hat from his head and bowed low. his
:»lertness of mind saving the situation,
for he answered quickly:
"Indeed, no, my lady. We thought
the room was empty, fo I implore you
to pardon our intrusion. We were
here yesterday and my friend and I
have just had a dispute regarding the
size of these gigantic tomes on the
lower shelf: my friend insisted that
they exceeded our sword blades in
length. Pardon me, madam." and the
King stepped briskly to the largest
hook, laying his sword down Its back
us If. in measurement.
'"There, Jamie," he cried. "I have
won the wager. I knew it was not
more than three-quarters the length
of 'my blade."
The glance of fear to which the
young woman had treated them de
parted from her fnee and she smiled
fclijrhtly at the young man's eagerness.
"I gather from your remark," he
said, "that you are Miss MacLeod of
Dunvegan. May I introduce my friend,
James MacDonrfd of Sleat. My own
name is Jan-.es Stuart, r.nd for a time
v.e are your fathers guests at Dun
vegan."
The young lady with inimitable
Enice bowed her queenly head to each
of them in turn. The men slipped
their swords quietly back into their
sea bbards.
"I give you good welcome to Dun
vegun." said the girl. "I regret that
I do not ppeak fair the English."
"Indeed, my lady," rejoined the sus
ceptible King, "it is the most charm
ing English 1 ever heard."
The fair stranger laughed in low
and most melodious cadence, like a
distant cathedral's chime falling on
th** evening air.
"I shall be delighted to be your
teacher." replied the King with his
most courteous intonation.
"It is perhaps that you- already speak
the Gaelic?" suggested the young wo
man. RB&5
"Alas: no. madam. But I should be
overje-yed to learn, end it may bu you
will accept me in the part of pupil. You
will find me a devoted and most obedi
ent scholar."
A puzzled expression troubled the
face of the girl as ehe endeavored to
follow the «-ommunication addrersed to
her. but MacDonald sprang somewhat
eagerly t<» the rescue and delivered a
long harangue In her native language.
'Her delight was Instant. th3 cloud on
her brow disappearing as if by magic
under the genial Influence of the accus
tomed converse. The King's physiog
nomy-oIbo underwent a change, but
the transformation was not so pleasing
ss that which had illumined the coun
tenance of the girl.
The tension of the. situation was
changed, rather than relieved, by the
siicnt opening of the door, and the
pause, of McLccd himself on the
threshold.: rasing dubiously at the
.group before him. The" animation of
the girl fell from her • the moment
f-he beheld her father, and the
yonrrr men. turning, were confronted
by the gloomy features of the chief
tain. The MacLeod closed the door
softly and, without a ward, walked to
his chair beside the table. The girl,
bowing: slightly, with visible restraint,
quitted the room, and as she did so
MacDonald's alertness again proved
his friend, for he tiptoed quickly to
the door, before the King, accustomed
t<r be wcited upon rather than wait
ing, recollected himself, and held .it
open fc-r the lady, making a gallant
sweep with his bonnet as she passed
out.
When the supple young man re
turned to his place beside the King
he said in a whisper:
"Xo sword's point play with , tha
father of such a beauty, eh?" •
To this remark his Majesty made no
reply, but said rather- gruffly and ab
ruptly to his host:
"Do you hold us prisoners In this cas
tle, sir?"' • . ■
' "That will depend on the answers I
pet from yc-u," replied the MacLeod
slowly.
"Are you two. cr either of you, emis
saries of , the King?"
"We are not."
'"Does the King know you are here?"
"Regarding the King, his knowledge
or his doing?, you had better address
your Inquiries to him pertonally. 1 '
"You are merely two private gentle
men, then, come all this distance to
satisfy a love of travel and a taste
for Fcenery?"
"You have stated the case with great
accuracy, sir." i
"Yesterday you spoke of my lack of
manners in failing to ask you to be
seated. I shall now refer to a breach
of politeness on your own part. It is
customary when strangers visit a,
province under an acknowledged ruler
that they should make a formal call
upon the ruler before betaking them
selves to other portions of his terri
tory. You remained for several days
in. Skye without taking the trouble to
inform me of your arrival."
"Sir." replied James haughtily. "I
dispute your contention entirely. You
are net the rufer of Skye."
"Who is, then'.'"'
"The King of Scotland, of course."
The ilacLood lsughed in a fashion
that somewhat resembled the snarl of
an angry dog.
"Of course as you say. No one dis
putes that James is King of all Scot
lard, and I would be the lost to ques
tion his right, because I" hold my lands
under charter boaring: « his. signature,
carrying the great seal of the kingdom:
nevertheless*, the MacLeods held Skye .
long before the present 'royal family of '
Scotland were heard of. and I would
have been MacLeod oT MacLeod al
thoujrh James had never put his hand
to tins parchment. Meanwhile. I take
the rlFk cf detaining you until I learn
more about you. and if the King makes
objection I rhall apoiogfre."
"You will apologize,"- . said James
sternly. "I say that you .will apologize,
not by writing at yourfcase In Dunve
gan Castle, but 'on your bended knees
at Stirling." ' -;
"That's as ma: 1 be," said'the McLeod
Indifferently, and it was quite obvious
that he remained unmoved* by the
threat. "Gentlemen, I have the honor
to wish you good-morning."
"One moment. Are we then to con
sider ourselves prisoners?"
"You may consider yourselves what
ever best :i!eas?es you. If. each gives me
his word of honor that he will make no
attempt at escape, and also that he
will not communicate with Stirling,
then you are as free of my house and
my grounds as If you were the most
welcome of guests. But I warn rou
that if, when you pass your words, you
attempt to tamper with any of my men
I shall know of it very soon, and then
comes the dungeon." ' ' • -
"What do you say, MacDonald?" in
quired the King sharply.
MacDonald recovered himself with a
start. "To what?" he asked.
"To the terms proposed by our jail
er." . ' * - - '
"I did not hear them; what are
they?" : :f^j
"Will you give your word not to es
cape?" -V
"Oh. willingly."
"And not to communicate with Stir
ling?"
"I don't care if I never see Stirling
again." «
The King turned to the chief. "There
Is little difficulty, you see," he said,
"with your fellow Highlander. I, how
ever, am supposed to be a Lowlander,
and therefore cautious. I give you my
word not to communicate with Stirling:
As for the other proviso, I amend it as
follows: I shall not leave this island
without your knowledge and your com
pany. If that is . satisfactory, I pledge
my faith." -. * ■ '
"Perfectly satisfactory." : answered
MacLeod, and "with that 'the two young
men took- their departure.
Once more in the King's room, from
.which earlier In the day they had set
out so confidently. MacDonald flung
himself upon a bench, but, the King
paced up and down ths apartment.*, '
."Jamie, you hardly, gave me fair play,
you and yc/ur Gaelic, .with. that dainty
offspring of so grim a sire." . . • ••"
/"Master of • Ballenffelch," replied the
Highlander, "a roan plays for hte own
- / .
hand. You should have learned that
Gaelic long ago." -
The King stopped abruptly In hbv
walk. "Why . do you call me by that
name?"
"Merely to show that in this play the
royal prerogative is, not brought into
play; It is already settled that when I:
meet. the King I am defeated.- It re
mains to be seen what luck James Mac-
Donald has in a contest with ; plain
James Stuart.'l
"Oh. it's to be a contest, then?"
"Not unless you . wish it so. ■ I am
content to exchange all the fair slam-
Eels of Stirling for this one Highland
lassie." . . ' .• ' • •
"You'll exchange!" cried the King. "I
make bold- to say. she is not yours to
exchange." -. ./. . - :
- "I intend to make her mine."- . "
"Ah, we'll see about tha^t, Jamie." " 1
' "We will.-Ballengeich," said MacDon
ald with confident precision.
The girl was at firsts equally charm
ing to each. The. serious Highlander,
not. less manly and. handsome than his
competitor, was gifted with an im
measurable advantage in his familiar- .
ity with every phase . and inflection • of •
his native vernacular. In his despair,
the King struck up a close friendship
with Donald, the "second- son Jof-:.the
MacLeod, and hla Majesty V made , a
frantic - effort . to learn the only speech
wi th • which . his new - comrade • was '
equipped. Bitf this 'jsice against Hime
gave MacDonald long 'and unlnterrupt- *
ed conferences with his Inamorata, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ' CALL.
the King saw, too late, the futility of
his endeavor.. He had came to the con
clusion that his uninteresting rambles
with Donald were not likely to further
his quest, and was sitting in hi3 room
cogitating .UDon some new- method of
attack when MacDonald, burst into the
apartment with radiant face. The
King looked up at his visitor with .no
great good nature, and said sharply:
"Well, what is it?" : - :; --'--if. : >
"Your Majesty,"., cried MacDonald,
jubilantly. "I -think I^have found a
method, of escape, and that .without in
any way impugning our pledges."
. "Oh, is that all," said the King, with
the air of snubbing , too enthusiastic, a
courtier. - "I thought, the house was
on fire."- { . :. .* ' -
' ■"'• And I- thought, your Majesty," re
turned Maepbnald, "that this subject
wasevfer uppermost in your mind."
..The King rested hlsjdosed -fist'on his
hip.Meaned his' head. "a ; little- to one side
a_nd examined his "rival critically, -v
.. VTy.h.y have' you returned, so unex
pectedly to tnelphrase.-your Majesty?"
."Because," your Majesty," answered
MacDonald, laughing,.' . "the f'phrase;
Guidman of Ballengelch, . . no. .longer
matters." , '• •
, "I dc; not" understand you." ' '
"It is to make myself understood, that
I have come so hurriedly. I, beg, s then,
to inform your Majesty that Miss Mac-
Leod has consented, to t become my wife.
I have spoken " to' her; f ather, : who; has
somewhat grudgingly and conditional
ly, given his ' consent. '. 1 It .occurred ° ; to
me that if I wedded the daughter of
your jailer I may have enough influ
ence with the family to secure your
Majesty's release."
"I have no doubt," said the King,
"that this was your object from the
beginning. And so you have exchanged
a temporary jailer for one that will last
you all your life."
The Highlander knit his brow and
compressed his lips, as if to hold back,
some retort which : later he might re
gret. There was a moment's con
strained silence, then the King flung
off his. ill humor as If it were a cloak.
"Forgive ;fne,c! Jamie,", he cried,
springing to' his -feet. ■ "Forgive the
wounded vanity of the .vanquished."
He extended his hand impetuously,
which the other grasped with eager
cordiality.
; ' "Jamie, ray lad. you were right.
The crown weighs heavy, when it is
thrown into the scale, but'with.'this
lassie I, well believe it would have made
not an ounce of- difference. Let the
best man win, say I, and you're the
victor, eo you have my warmest con
gratulation. Still, Jamie, you must
adm't that the Gaelic-Is. the cursedest
lingo ever a poor lowland-bred man
tried to get his tongue around. So,
now. you see, Jamie, we are even
again. You think the crown defeated
you at Stirling-, and I hold the lan
guage defeated ' me , : in Skye ; thus we
are '.both j able to retain a good opinion
6r 'ourselves, which is. the splendid
privilege of every Scotchman, to hold.
•Your bravery 'deserves success, for it
"requires some courage to face your fu
ture father-in-law. What did the old
curmudgeon say?!'
; : "He , gave little indication . of pleas
ure or the reverse'. ■. He offered me ray
liberty, now /that I had pledged it \ in
another direction,' but .he refused to
release you, sol declined to accept hi3
clemency." .'• • -' - *
' "Not. so. ; I have a more immediate
; and j practical remedy. ' You have not
forgotten the twenty-six-oared barge
; which the MacLeod was to keen for the
■-•.■>:■■;■ ■ ■ - ' . ■
Kingr, and which Ualcolm MacLeod
built for him."
"It is not very likely, when I issued
a proclam'ation commending Malcolm
as the greatest shipbuilder ' in the
■world." "
"Well, Malcolm has arrived at Dun
vegan to receive into his own hands
once more that same proclamation.
I asked him. in MacLeod's presence,
if the fleet still lingered in Torridon
Bay, and he answered that It did.
MacLeod pricked up his ears at this
and thinking that he was to get some
information, nov; that I proposed my
self as a. member of his family, in
quired if I knew why It remained so
.long. -I said I had a suspicion of the
catme." If Malcolm had not replied to
the King's proclamation it was nat
ural that the fleet would wait until he
did. Old Alexander and Malcolm
. seemed surprised that a response was
expected, Malcolm being but a simple
yeoman. However.', he wrote out a
courteous reply to the King,- in Gaelic,
and Malcolm^is to send it to the fleet
as soon .as he returns to the northern
coast."
"I don't see how that is to" help us."
demurred his Majesty. V
"Here is my proposal. If you will
nov/ write out an order to the admiral
commanding the fleet to appear before
Dunvegan castle. I will ride part- of
the. way home with Malcolm and sug
gest to him at parting that perhaps
none. of the officers of the fleet under
stand Gaelic/ or at Iea3t that none. can
read it, so; I will fasten your letter to
the other document and tell Malcolm
it is a translation of his Gaelic effu
sion. Neither Malcolm nor any of his
friends at the port can read English
and as he is a simple-minded man It
is "not likely that he will return and
allow the laird a perusal. So In that
way we may get word to the fleet.
Even if the letter. . Is discovered you
will have kept your word, for you
promised / only no t • ta communicate
with* Stirling."
The King pronounced the device a
feasible one and set himself at onc« to
the writing of the letter.
Two or three days later there was a
commotion in the castle. The guards
on the western headlands reported the
approach of numerous ships, and by
and by from the castle wall itself tha
fleet could be seen sailing slowly up
Loch Follart. For the first time since
they had known him. lines of deep
anxiety marked the frowning brow of
MacLeod as he stood gazing a,t th« ap
proaching vessels. Here were visitor*
who, if they proved not to his liking,
he could scarcely threaten with th«
dungeons of Dun vegan.
"What do you make of this Mju>
r>onald?l*j,sald the chieftain, turning
to his future son-in-law, as If already
he looked to him for support and coon
■el. * -V -"••
But MacDonald shook his head, ta
spite of the fact that his wife who-wu»
to-be stood very close to him. '.
"All negotiations have been carried
on by my friend here, and so to him X !
must refer you."
MacLeod could restrain his impa
tience no longer, so without glaneln* at
his visitor he said:
"Perhaps you. sir. can tell m«- 12»
purport of all this display."
"Assuredly." answered tha Kins wfih
a trace of sternness In his ton* that had
hitherto been absent in his convert*
with his Jailer. "The fleet comes at th«
command of the KUj to take away
your prisoners, if they are unharmed.
or to batter down your castle if thay
have been molested."
"I suppose then I should be thankful
they are unharmed?"
"You have reason." said the Kin*
fhortly. - :^
"His Majesty must set great valua on
your heads if he sends his whola fle*t
to succor you."
"He does."
"How did he know you were here 11
you did not break your parole and com
municate -with Stirling?"
"The King knows there is more go
ing on in Skye than the making of
strong drink. I did not break my pa
role, neither did MacDonald."
"In spite of what you said to me, you
must have told the KIr.pr before you
left Stirling where you were going."
"I did not."
"Then word must have been brought
to him from Skye?"
. "It was not."
"In that case the only conclusion I
can come to Is that th3 King Is un
aware of your presence here."
"He Is well aware of it."
"You denied being a friend of tha
King," persisted MacLeod, . "and said
you were but a small farmer near
Stirling."
"I deny yet that I nnva friend of
the King. On the contrary, J don't
mind confessing to you that I am tha
greatest enemy he has In the world,
and lt*3 well he knows it." ;• " ;• ';-,
"You amaze me. Then you do not
wish to meet the fleet?"
"On the contrary, I do, and I ask
you to order a suitable boat for me."
"You shall have the best boat in my
possession." said MacLeod, leaving
them for a moment to give his com
mand.
. In a short time a large boat with
ten oarsmen was waiting.
"They are ready for you." said M* y-
Leod -with an effort p.t gcnialty. which
gave a most sinister effect to his (ace.
"I am sorry to bid you gocd-by. but X
hope you bear av.'ay with j*ou no 111
will against Dunvcgan."
"Sir." said the King, ignoring hla
compliments, "that boat will not do
for me."
"It is* the best I have." said Slao-
Leod, looking: at his truculent guest
with new anxiety.
f"The boat you must brir.g to th«
landing Is the twenty-six oared barga.
which Malcolm MacLeod bulldtfd so
well."
Tha- MacLeod stepped back two
paces. "That boat Is for ths King."
he said in a voice scarcely abovs %
whisper.
"Yes. it Is for the Kins, therefore
the King demands it. Give the order
Instantly that it be brought to th«
landing, well manned with twenty-six
rowers."
All color left MacLeod's face. His
next word3 were to MacDonald. . "Is
this true?" he said.
"Yes," answered MacDonald, "it la
true."
The girl, her wide eyes distended
with fear, clutched the arm of her
lover. Even she knew this was a case
for the headsman, but SLaeLcod, with
not a quiver in his voice, called down
to his followers:
"Bring round the barge and
see it Is well manned. I myself will
take the rudder."
The stern face of the 'Kins relaxed
as he saw this chieftain stand stralght
er than ever before sincr he had known
him, ready to take on 'uis head what
ever misht befaM.
The girl impetuously Tung herself at
the Klns'3 feet, and in her excitement
forgetting the limitations of his learn
ing, she poured . forth a plea for her
father In Gaelic. The King smiled as
he stooped and raised the suppliant.
"My dear." he said. "I shall never
hear that language without thinking
of you and my own discomfiture. If it
were not that MacDonald stands there
with that dour Highland look on his
face Jt Is I would kneel at your feet.
Your father is to come with me to
Stirling, for I have said he should, and
I must kesp my word with myself as
well as I have kept it with him. Do
not draw away your hand. In spite of
MacDonald's scowls, for I have this to
promise you. If you and he will ac
company us to Stirling. I pledge to you
the King's word that I shall grant you
whatever you ask. " i-o you see you
need have no fear for your father's
safety." Saying this, the Kins, with
that courtly manner which so well be
came him. gave the hand of the girl
into that of MacDonald.
Thus it came about that the Mac-
Leod took a voyage he had not Intend
ed, and came so unscathed from it
that he long outlived the man who war
the cause of his Journ«r. -. /ZZS. , v/2^ *"•* ar * vour he-
JT!es: "' aBked Prime
N^X^^^^^^; Minister Balfour of
VlVw f v^'fhri>^2* * pretty American
XWtX *«© • i^^ : "Father, grand
ly /??i "^v^s father, and George
i!*^i^l^' Washington." re-
• — '->*< piled the girl
promptly.
"What do you know about George
CTABhlngtoar* asked * diplomat jest
ingly of an intense little Washington
»r»ciety sirl.
"I fc:ow that he was first in war.
fim in peace £n <j nrst in my heart."
?ai<J she earnestly.
And so George Washington stands
to-day, a'ter he has been dead more
than a hundred years: after the r-.ftn
ories «/f him have been cold Ions
rroush to have grown old, and after
»he tradltiore have fadfd ard n--.\ he
roics hv.v conip np-^flfst En the heart:
•■<><.!?.* Washington had a calm
faecT fSid a wonnn looking intently
t i ?ta;u<» of him in a great library.
' 1 do r.ot relieve he was a man to fuss
« •'. t his .linner."
fi.'tr-ry fays t!iat "Washington began
: - t»s a b. y cf rr/ans and that he
:-:art--.fi in upr- young manhood with
R.r fducstirtn' some '^p.'.crt. a good fam
ily *nf.m*> and 'noujh pride to want
Lo -uak" his :r.ark.
Thru history become? rather prosy.
TV young, surveyor dots little to dis-
Ussultta hitDKlf until th« tim« whfr
hr- b~corr.es acqusirted v. ivlvtho widow
.Mar • ha C-jslis. Bui from that moment
he b?'-s:ne a man of mark.
The srirl who worships Washington
inn her own comforts and her own
concisions from this. He r,as •'made"
by a woman and without her he might
never have been The Father of Ilia
Country." Widows <an also find, some
delight in reading the life of Wash
ington for The widow Custis was cei
taicly a woman wh<>. not only capti
vated the great?st man of the day, but
assisted very materially in making his
name illustrious.
Martha Washington had one great
grief in her early married life, a grief
which followed her into the White
House and against which she struggled
to the end. Yet this grief was almost
trivisl, or would teem so in these days.
It arose from the reverence which
the early colonists pcid her. No sooner
had "The Father of His Country" at
tained eminence than Martha Wash
ington received the title of "Lady"
Washington. And as such she was
characterized in the newspapers of the
day and in private life. The Father
of His Country, who was an earnest
commoner, would not permit the use
of the title. And against it Martha
Washington als«> argued. But it was
applied to her and then it stuck.
In some private letters owned by an
nld Virginian family there is this para
graph written by a matron of the 1785
days: "If only you could see our dear
Mrs. Washington. Sl.o will not let us
call her Lady Washington. Indeed she
rose from the eaters and the tea In great
dudgeon th«* other day because a gen
tleman would insist upon so calling her.
Her manner is very dignified and she
does no talking that Js not necessary."
If there is one action above all oth
ers for which the women of America
can feel proud it is the preservation of
the borne of Washington. How Mount
Vernon was saved as a monument to
patriotism is an interesting story, for
it was through the formation of the
oldert patriotic association of women
r.ow in existence in the United States
that this historic spot was preserved to
posterity.
Upon the death of George Washing
ton, in I7D9. a lif<? interest in the estate
imvFfl to his wlic From her it fell lo
various Wafhir.gton relati\-es until, in
ISSS, John Augustine Washington. Jr.
found hinvf-lf in possession of an his
toric place which he was unable to keep
in a proper state of repair. With the
<cr.ecnt ot his family he endeavored to
•fffect its permanent preservation by
celling U to the Cnlted States Govern
ment, and failing in this offered it t<>
the commonwealth of Virginia. It y'as
at this erisi? that Ann Pamela Cun
ningham of Sonth Carolina determined
that the tomb of Washington must be
prrfserred as a permanent shrine of pa
tiiotism.
Accordingly *he organized the Mount
Vnncn Ladies' Ausociation and ap
pointed vice regents in the various
£tai*s to aid in the work. Contribu
tions to R fnnd to buy the property
vcre soiicted. and eoon every section of
the country became interested. Thou
sands of school children gave pennies.
Edward Everett presented the immense
proceeds of his lecture on "Washing
ton." societies donated funds and
Mount Vernon was saved to the nation.
THE GEORGE WASHINGTON GIRL
In loflU.over 2<V) acres of the estate. In
cluding the wharf, tomb and mansion,
were purchased by the association for
$200,000. As the society was formed for
the sole purpose of acquiring Mount
Vernon. the estate can never pass from
its. possession, and is owned by it,
though Virginia retains a supervision
over it. Since Miss Cunningham's death
the office of regent has passed through
various hands until to-day It Is held by
Mrs. Justine Van Rensselaer Townsend
o£ New York, who Is ably aided by vice
regents from twenty-nine States.
Though every acre of Mount Vernon
is of interest,' no" spot is more fraught
with memories , than the house. Every
room in the stately 'mansion/ Is filled
with the' spirit^ of. hlm"to' whose''be
loved memory it has. been consecrated,
and that this atmosphere may be pre
served efforts have been made-to'fur
nish the rooms with the belongings of
Washington. ; For this purpose the sev
eral rooms are assigned to the care of
certain States,' wh^se" regents undertake
their, restoration.*;-- '
Visitors are. naturally drawn to the
room** in' which ' Washington 'died. The
vict* regent for Virginia has been f ortu-
nate in obtainingmany original things
which add to the impressiveness of the
spot. Among them is a four-poster bed,
the trunk and military equipments and
two' cushions' worked by Mrs.' Washing
ton." From the: hall, where, hangs' the
key of 'the Bastile, presented to Wash
ington' by , Lafayette, the ,west room is
entered, and Illinois has' accomplished
much, to "restore the- original 'interest.
It contains among other arm-tea •«.old
painting given, by Admiral Vernon in
acknowledgment of the name of the
estate, and a rug woven by order of
Louis XIV and presented to our first
President. This room- vies in interest
with Nellie Custis' music-room, where
in is the quaint old. harpsichord-pre
sented by * General Washington- ; to bis
stepdaughter as a wedding gift.
Delightful as -these rooms are with
their atmosphere of home, they are
eclipsed by the well-proportioned ban
quet hall, in which the vkv? regent cf
New York has placed the marble man
tel presented to Washington by the
English, and the crowning feature of
all the household decorations. PeaJe's
famous portait of "Washington entitled
"Washingfon Before Yorktown." ' It
stands out from the wall in a frame
made from hickory tr^es srown on th»
estate of Robert Morris or revolutionary
fame. Th!3 room in its expanslveness
Is a striking contrast to the family din
ing-room. trh*roo quaint Chippendale
pldobcr.nl and china belonging to the
mistress of the house arc interesting
souvenirs of the hone life, another
glimpse of which Is ! Revealed In Mrs.
Washington's sitting-room.
That the Washing tons entertained Is
Bhown in many ways, from the ample
furnishings of th? banquet hall to the
numerous bedrooms to be found on thf
second and third floors. Many of the*;*
were "snare chambers." and an each 1«
furnished the visitor r?n *e<» b*i
spreads of . the period. Washington's
clothes and many pieces of rare mahesv,
any.
Th*-» neors«* Washinston s \r1 \kI\o
■wants to imitate the example of Mar
tha Washington will do nt>. talking that
Is not necessary. She wOl be dicmlficl
and the habit of sU?nco will make her
the more attractive.
The George Washington sirl Is the
girl with the George Washington fad.
She takes ?- room In her house and she
fills it with colonial relics. . Ther* Is
the spinning wheel, there are the little
low colonial chairs, there are small
round tables and there are colonial
Sprints. But the chief ornament in the
room !s the bust of Georce Washing
ton. This is placed upon an American
flag and on .holidays and on his birth
day George Washington wears a laurel
wreath.
Over in London an 'Englishman stood
talking to an American heiress. "I hear
you have many feds," said he, smiling.
"Now. how many have you:'
"Just two," rep'ied the girl: "the
American Indian and George Washing
ton."
The Englishman looked puzzled.
"Were they any— any relation to each
ether?" he asked.
In Washington there la a lovely
home, not far from the White House,
where the den is a Georse Washington
den. A bust of Washington stands
,upon a corner bracket and a spinnet
stands underneath. .There are Wash
ington relies and reminders about th<»
room and a life of Washington occu
pies an old-fashioned bookcase. There
is a window garden every plant of
which is grown from twigs and. slip: 1 )
and tiny roots that were brought from
Mount Vernon. Over 'the mantel ia
an old-fashioned double 'frame. In
which arc photographs of Oe*nts and
Martha Washington. Across the hall
ther? i3 an American Indian room,
furnished, however, with the mos*
modern of American Indian ware.
In London there is a George Wash
ington room paperod with. American
flags. The pretty girl occupant- of th»
room is the daughter of an attache
of the American legation abroad. An
Immense bust of Washington stands
upon a pedestal and. in the corner o!
the room, is .-.statue of The Father
of Hin Country in knee breeches with
j»wel?d R!Ipperr» and the immaculate
wig of all the portraits of Washing
ton.
The George Washington girl should
wear a colonial gown; and her songs
nhould be songs of that day. But. If
*he 1." a literary girl, she will b<? con
tent to make h»r room historically cor
rect. aft?r the George Washington
rooms of Mount Vernon. and will want
to lire her nails with volumes of th«
life of Wasington.'
Martha Washington was an excel
lent cook, and the little cakes which
she served with tea at her little after
noon receptions were made. It is said,
by her own hand. The George Wash
ington girl can make little cakes ami
can stamp them with a mold. of th<!
head d Washington, thus completing
thf semblance between herself and
Martha Washington as well as tim«
and circumstances will allow.
"Was Martha 'Washington, first in
war?" asked a little boy of his srown
up sister.
"Yes." said the girl absent mihdcdly
Without looking up from her novel.
"And George Washington was first in
peace."
"And were they both first In th«
hearts of each other?" asked the boy.
"Yes: first in the hearts of each
other," said the grown-up, half intent
upon her novel.
The quotation was a little mixed, but
it fitted the circumstances remarkably10
BUYING AN EASTER GOWN
And What You Will Sec When
You <;<> to Shop for a Dress
»<» Put On When You Take
Of! Vour Fur Coat—Shoul
drr> Arc Now a Very Striking
Restore <>r Urcus. and the Way
tlje shoulders Arc Trimmed
ami Treated Will Mark nn Era
in [he History of Beautiful
Gotmlns — The Full Skirt and
to What LL\tent Women Will
Adept It.
By Augusta Prescott.
{ £ V, A fH,I) my s-houlders long and
\J sloping." The speaker was
/J» j a woman attired in a very
>^S dashing frown of russet
brown, just in the process of making.
"Then* an* two shoulder capes; will
you have a third?" replied the modiste.
Harding with the folds of cloth in her
hard.
Madame paused and surveyed hcr
?Hf critically in the glass. "Yes. add a
third, but let it be a stole cape with
embroidered ends that hang to the
belt."
The modiste nodded and for a few
minutes there was no sound but the
snipping of the cloth and the soft lay
ing of the folds that were to make the
shoulder tapes and the stoles of a
handsome cloth suit for Easter days.
KuFset brown cloth very glossy
makes a beautiful spring suit. The
Ekiit. which must be full, can be fitted
around the hips and laid in box plaits
all the way around from the knees to
the floor. This gives a very full skirt.
The upp«r part of the skirt, the part
around the hips, is trimmed with black
embroidery which roaches downward
in embroidered points.
The orafst has the great hanging
■Jeeves which end in the long tight
< uff, wblch is trimmed with cmbroid
fiy. ir>d all the tapes have a little of
the same embroidery upon them, as do
the stole ends.
A suit like this is as charming a
thing as one would want to see. and.
if made of cloth that is not too heav>,
H can be worn all the spring and again
in the fall.
Trie utility of the spring suit can best
be explained by a remark made by a
fa&hionable woman who was out se
lecting her Baxter gown.
"V.'hen I buy a spring suit," said she,
*I have three ideas In mind. The suit
must be warm enough to wear in April
and May. It must be fashionably
made and it must be of a color that
will not fade nor spot. It must not be a
rlelicate goods, but rather a material
that stands the weather nicely.
•This cult," continued she, "I expect
to wear two months. Then I shall lay
it away. I^ater in the season I "will
Ijring it out and., after refreshing it a
little, I shall wear it for a traveling
dress. This can be done by the removal
of any lace that may be upon it and by
the taking off of one of the shoulder
capes or the putting in of a new vest.
•This same suit does nicely for first
fall wear. And now the lace is put back
on. the gown is made smart with choux
of ribbon and it is worn with a very
showy little autumn hat— one of those
hats that bloom brightest In the fall
just before the snow calls it in.
"Always," said she, "buy your spring
Fuit with all of these ideas and ideals
in mind."'
The Shoulders of the Gowns.
A man, dressmaker stood looking into
the window of a fashionable .depart
ment stcre where tailored gowns were
6old. 'I despair," said he, "of making
gowns ahead of the season to suit my
patrons. No sooner does a style come
in than another one follows and chases
it out. Just look," said he, "how the
Ehoulders of the dresses have been
changed within three months, and now
the gowns which I made just befor*
Christmas are all out of date. Many of
them are positively Gothic by the side
of the new styles."
The truth of his statement was evi
dent at a glance, for the new gowns
which stood so gayly forth on the wax
en models were laden as to the shoula
ers and remarkable as to the sleeves,,
The shoulders were all built on the
6loping order, and in many cases the
slope was continued by some clever art
until it actually reached the elbow line,
there to become lost in the voluminous
folds and puffs of the lower sleeve. '
In many cases the shoulder droop Is
managed by means of capes,, either of
cloth or of lace, while in other in
stances it is achieved in other ways.
Lady Curzon is wearing a new gown,
which might bewailed a visiting gown,
and which could be easily converted
Into an afternoon dress. It is built of
mole colored cloth, and it is made upon
the shirt waist pattern, baggy In the
front and 'secured with great jeweled
frogs that strap it across the front and
shut it in very picturesque fashion. At
the neck there is a large jeweled clasp.
The .feature of this , gown is its
sleeve, which is cut off at the shoulder.:
The shoulder, is finished with a band of
Armenian embroidery about two 'fin
gers wide. Then there comes a sleeve
of cloth, cut off at the elbow, and fin-*
ished with another band of embroidery.
And below this there is a heavy, white,
lace undersleeve which terminates in a
'■handsome -ruffle around the hand.'.
Gowns of Fashion's* Leaders.
Another handsome gown, worn by a
leader of fashion, is one | that is built
entirely of louisine In a shade of deep
, crimson. - The waist is on the , popular
bloure order, y buttoned all" thei way
THE SAX FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALX..
down the front with the smallest or
gold buttons. And the yoke is one mass
of shirring, which is brought down to
a point over the bust. 'Between " the
rows of shirring there are strappings of
white. satin ribbon.'
The 'stock of this 'gown is made of
lace, which is fitted to the neck and
throat, and is stiffly wired to keqp it in
place. The cuffs are deep cuffs and are
also stiffly, wired. These are set out
over the hand in a bell. This waist is.
all crimson, even the lace being dyed
that color.
The new gowns are full of new . fea
tures and one cannot look at them an
instant | without being impressed -with
their, oddity. They are trimmed in cu
rious ways, and they are treated with
plaits and applications which are en
tirely, different from all the trimmings
of' other seasons. '"' .
In the long list of striking features
the cuffs can be mentioned as among
the most prominent. These have quite
outgrown the modesty of previous sea
sons and are effective in
the large sizes and ; very 'chic in the
smaller and tighter styles. •
: A , handsome I cuff was seen upon ; a
gown worn by Mrs. ■ Groyer Cleveland,
who is In deep mourning, f or ' her
ter. * This , cuff, Vwhich ! was ■ made .,; of
black henrletta, -was ,iveryJ"i stiff and
about two fingers in width! It was large
around and was Interlined so that It
could be neither folded nor bent. It
might as well have been wired. It was
un trimmed except for, a band of hen
rietta. This cuff completed a .very full
sleeve of the black goods.
A handsome cuff ; was worn by . Mrs.
.Roosevelt. .The, gown was ! a/ checked
silk in black and white, and the sleeves
were full ■"'and of the . :.. variety .;- which
gradually \ grows fuller toward ; the
wrist. At the wrist '.; the ; cuff was slit
Doldly and sharply and the slit was
filled in with a very deep fall of lace,
which trailed two fingers deep upon
the gown.
A Few of the^ Prettiest Gowns.
Miss Alice Roosevelt at the same time
wore an afternoon gown with cuffs of
lace almost as deep as the elbow and
very tight. The . lace came down to a
point over the- knuckles, and from
shoulder to thumb there was one very
pronounced and very beautiful sweep.
The bagglness of the sleeve all occurred
on; the under part, 'where the sleeve
hung down in a great fullness of cloth.
And there is still another cuff that is
gaining in favor, and this! is; the long,
tight, plain clothcuff, with; the bell at
the : wrist. This is | skin-tight over the
hand and knuckles and is tight to the
very elbow. Above this there is a full
ness which falls down and forward.
This sleeve is tight at the shoulder.
The. sensation of the Paris season is
the Melba Bleeve, which is, a sleeve ,
made of thin j material over a \ heavier
' one. This sleeve when used In an even
ing gown can be made of mousseline de
sole over black " taffeta." But if made
of a heavier goods it* needs no lining.
It is very effective made, of moire, and
Is good in a cloth gown. ,.
:; The Melba sleeve is very long. ; At
the- wrist it has a smart embroidered
cuff very -wide and very stiff and turn
ed back smartly from the hand into a
wide flare. . - ,
The sleeve proper is so full as to re
semble a pillow case. The arm is en
veloped in it and it lies in great folds
all around the elbow, falling forward
over the cuff. The top of this sleeve
, is very tight arid; actually hugs, the
arm. being of th«\ variety/ known as
■skin tight. - ; : ;, --. ■ &a^
-i Then . there . Is another sleeve, g and
this is the sleeve whlcli terminates a
little below the elbow In a wide ruf
fle. This is lined- with a ruffle of chif
fon and this in turn with a ruffle of
lace,' then more chiffon, and so on un
til the sleeve is filled in. It falls
around the hand in one great cas
cade. • ;
Sleeves are made by puffing the ma
terial below the elbow. Then comes
a great series of ruffles that fall .right
down to the very wrist. These are
made of many kinds of lace, of tulle,
.:. of chiffon and of other materials, un
til the. arms are exquisitely covered.
Nothing prettier than thfs sjeeve could
possibly.be imagined.
Some of the Comins Skirts.
"*£ There, are skirts that are too hand
some to be ignored in the chronicles
of fashion, where skirts are to be
mentioned. A lovely skirt Is one that
trails well upon the ground and is
trimmed with a deep, ilounce-like ar
rangement. The best skirts are not
flounced, but are cut so that the lower
part flares like a flounce.
Again, the skirt is box plaited half
way down with the bos plaits inverted
and with the fullness all lying in these
plaits. Skirts of this kind should be
made very long to give that exquisite
feminine height that is so much de
sired by both men and women.
A great deal Is being done to make
woman, fair woman, seem tall. Not
only? are skirts very long indeed, but
they are trimmed in such a way as to
seem still longer. The new skirts are
of four lengths, and it seems almost es
sential that a woman should have at
least one skirt made in every one of
the four different lengths.
The longest skirt is the prettiest, be
cause the most graceful and the most
feminine. This skirt is fitted to the hipa
and is "tried on" the wearer in a pecu
• liar fashion. She is stood on a thick
book, or upon a low footstool, and the
skirt Is turned up just even with the
ground in front and at the sides. But
at the sides It begins to grow longer,
and in the back It Is cut to a very long
sweep, the longer the better. This is
the ideal dinner and reception length.
The nest length is fitted while a wo
man stands upon a thin book. The
skirt is turned up even with the grouud
f and is gradually lengthen'** into" a
train until it sweeps off at the back
into a very respectable length. This is
worn for calling, and for very nice
street wear. It is ths skirt that Mr&.
Paget and other Londqn women select
for doing the bazaars and shows of the
season.
Then come two other skirts, the shop
ping skirt, which just touches, or rather
just escapes, the ground; and the skirt
that Is cut from one to two inches from"
the ground, namely, the instep skirt.
These four lengths make the skirts of
the season.
The Graceful Foot Flounces.
"How can I manage to be stylish?"
queried a woman of her man dress
maker; "I am too short and then there
is something too severe about nay
gowns."
As she spoke she brought forth a
-really lovely; dinner creation in absinthe
green crepe de chine trimmed with to
mato colored lace dyed to a brilliant
red. The gown was cut rounding in the
neck and was finished with a .very deep
and very, scalloped collar of lace. This
fell over v the bust, which was trimmed
with wide ruffles of crepe de chine. The
, sleeves .were masses of crepe de "chine
ruffle and lace.
The skirt was one of those tucked
affairs, with all the tucks turned in at
the hips. '> The front was plain. Deep
rows of ; ruffles and shirring trimmed
the skirt. 'There were three of these
and around the foot there was another
deep ruffle, with shirring at the head
and a fall of lace. The whole was
quite a triumph in brilliant simplicity.
Yet it was not becoming.
The man dressmaker studied It ; a"
minute in silence. Then bringing out
a lace flounce, he said: "Madam, let
me add this. You need a touch of
French chic to that gown."
The lace flounce, which was Inex
pensive, was lined with mousseline and
this lining was made heavier by a
flounce of taffeta. The whole was set
upon the foot of the gown until it lay
. upon the • floor in one lovely cascade.
Its effect was Instantaneous. It made
the wearer a great deal taller and it
also added to her elegance, giving her
that indescribably feminine looK,
which Is created by trailing robes, to
whose influence no eye, be it mas
culine or feminine, can be insensible.
Will tlw; Skirts Grow Fuller?
The question of whether "the skirts
will grow fuller i<? one that is being
continually agitated, .with many argu
ments both ways. It looks from B
critical study of the fashions as though
woman had affected a pretty compro
mise. It looks as though she had
managed to make her skirts fuller
without- sacrificing her figure and no
woman wants to sacrifice her figure.
There is no doubt that the skirts of
the previous century did make a
woman appear fuller and even the
more modified skirts of the last hun
dred years had that tendency. The ex
ceptions were the skirts that came in
during the last few years, the eel skin
skirt, the umbrella skirt, which was
full only below the knees, and tha
skirt which clung all the way down.
*,*ith scarcely any fullness at all until
it cascaded around the feet.
The skirts of to-day are much fuller
than the skirts of the past few years,
yet one would hesitate to call them
voluminous skirts. There is one spe
cially which is delightfully planned
full, yet not too full, and quite cling
ing in spite of the fact of its fullness.
This skirt is trimmed with three deep
flounces of the same cloth with each
flounce finished with a band of satin
ribbon. There Is nothing dressy, yet
the effect is elegant.
Another skirt is very full, with the
plaits turr.ed under at each seam and
stitched flat. Suddenly there is a flare,
the wide plaits are released and the
skirt falls in great soft folds.
It is as a rule the silks that can be
managed best. These can be tucked,
shirred or plaited around the hips,
without adding to the size of tha waist
or hips and without making the figure
awkward. The thin novelty clotha, al
most sheer, with a little Bilk or a tiny
satin figure, are also good. And there
are countless linens and batistes and
lightweight goods with a silky finish
that make up exquisitely. These goods
are all of a nature which will admit
of the fashionable fuH hip treatment.
Gowns for the Xondon Season.
A- London dressmaker Is responsible
for ths statement that the gowns of
the coming season will be far superior
tp any ever seen before. "Stocks may
be depressed," said he, "and times
hard. But the gowns will bear no evi
dence of this fact. They have never
been lovelier, and the first models
speak volumes for those that are to
come. . "
"One of the most'noticeable features
will be the velvet ribbons or the way
In which the skirts are trimmed with
bands of velvet. Velvet ribbon, by the
way," continued he, "will be much in
evidence. &vA skirts will be trimmed
with it to the exclusion of any other
trimmings.
"There will be charming skirts of
peau de sole, dull and dressy, trimmed
with deep flounces of point d'esprit
lace. Above the point d'esprit lace
there will be a wide band of velvet
ribbon. And, strapping this velvet
ribbon, there will be narrow bands of
dull silk.
"The belt in such cases should be
made of velvet and should be brought
down to a deep point in the middle of
the front."
It is safe to say, judging from cur
sory peeps into the dressmaking par
lors, that velvet ribbon will trim a
great many of the handsomest waists,
whether these be of ribbon or of lace.
And the loveliest effects will be pro
duced by winding narrow bands of
velvet ribbon through the lace an-i
tying it in little knots and bows.
Ribbon, too. Is also to be used In
cuff trimming and it Is to be seen In
every stage of flounce and yoke and
vest trimming. Indeed in one way it
will be conspicuously a ribbon season.
The rule for using tha very narrow
bands of colored velvet ribbon is, ac
cording to a very fashionable shirt
waist trimmer, this: "Take a bolt of
narrow velvet ribbon and thread an
end through a ribbon needle. Go in
and out through the lace, tying: it in a
knot in the middle of ths front. . Try,
in threading the ribbon, to use some
sort of pattern, if it be only a curve,
or a swirl or a little twist, just so as
to relieve the monotony of outline
Use up as much of the velvet ribbon as
possible. When you have completed
the whole you will have a pretty
waist." TThe Dotted Lines Show the Shape of
Each Ms*** f « Head.
OUR POLITICIANS
AS THEY APPEAR
TO THE HATTER
IF you want to know what are the
"bumps" that make our "politi
cians successful, don't go to a
phrenologist. Just ask your hat
ter. Ten chances to one the
phrenologist hasn't a record of the
"bumps." The hatter has. And
while you are about it, Just have your
hatter make a copy of your own.
You'd be surprised at the shape of
your cranium, which you'll V discover
has dips and angles where you least
suspect. Incidentally the : record thus
obtained will furnish you much- food
for thought when compared with
those selfsame successful directors of
public affairs. *
If you doubt that the hatter sees
the politician entirely different from
anybody else, look at the dotted lines
encircling each of the photographs on
this page. Those are our politicians
as their hatter sees them. Never
think it, would you? And if any of
them should be Inspired with the di
vine infiatus that is usually the result
of victory, the hatter not only knows
it first, but can accurately gauge its
dimensions and probable latitudinal
and longitudinal development. And
all of this with a little machine that
is as fearful and wonderful to behold
as any instrument of torture in the
dark medieval ages, but which is as
reliable In the story it tells it is
complicated in construction. ' \
In shape it is - like an abbreviated
"plug" hat, made of umbrella ribs,
with a stove lid on the top and four
curved braces to keep the ribs in place
like the cradle props in a drydock. At
first' glance it suggests nothing so
much as & new f angled typewriter, but
when the hatter calms your fears long
enough to place It Upon your head you
are surprised/ to find that it is no
heavier than an ordinary hat and
much more comfortably fitting. To
be sure, it is not exactly a new in
strument, but it Is such a wonderful
improvement over the old head meas
uring machines that its feather weight
is nothing short of astounding. And
It Is with this that all the records of
your "bumps" are made.
Thus, as is so cheerfully Illustrated
on this page by Monsieur Tom.Dil
lon, the Market-street hatter, when
the machine . has been put . on your
head and crushed , down until it feels
as comfortable as your last year's hat,
the little stove lid on the top is opened
up, displaying a yawning curve of
dangerous looking steel pins like
carnivorous teeth.. The oval spring on
the under side of the stove lid is
pressed outward and ; a sheet of blank
paper Inserted Into space behind it The
stove lid Is then closed down again
until the littlesteel pins perforate. the
paper, when It ; Is once . more ; opened
'up and the paper removed.
shape of your head is recorded in this
THE SAN ■; FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALE.
-.•••..■.-;, % - •
delicate tracery of pin prick* and
from this map of your "bumps" your
hat Is made and the map filed away
for future reference. This is the up
" to-date way of buying your hats." * .
Hatter Dillon has hundreds of these
little pin perforated maps, and among
them . are the most prominent politi
cians of the last two decades, though
for the purpose of best ; illustrating
this article only the men who are'now,
filling. the public eye are used herewith.
First on the list is Mayor Schmitz.
"Would you ever suspect /from looking
at his face how thebirdseye view of
his head looks to Hatter "Dillon? As
recorded by the head measuring j ma
chine it is almost a 'perfect egg shape,
with only, aj, slight deflection from the'
even curving line on .the left side. As
shown In the pictures, the lower end of
the dotted line is the forehead and the,
upper the back of the head. To the
right of Mayor Schmitz is Franklin K.
Lane and to the left Henry. J. Crocker,
who were" the rival candidates for Mr.
Schmitz's office during, the; last cam
paign. Just note the great dissimilar*
ity in the shape of all these three*
heads. Mayor Schmitz's is widest at a
point directly above the* ears, ,Mr.
Crocker's rfust behind the ears,, while
Mr Lane's, strangest of all, is widest
directly in front of the ears and almost
above the temples, sloping off abruptly
Into a very pointed forehead. It is the
most curiously shaped head of all the
politicians in Hatter Dillon's big col
lection, full of dips and angles and un
expected contusions.
Hatter Dillon explains these sudden
little dips from the even curve of. the
head with the very ingenious theory
that they are caused by sleeping more*
on that 'side of the liead than on the
other. The expert phrenologist would
have quite another theory and would
proceed to demonstrate it thus:, That
the width of the head behind' the ears
denotes the driving force, the grit," the
determination, tlje bulldog tenacity
that brings success," while the width in
front of the ears shows the intellectual
development. Those who are fond of
delving into the sciences, therefore, can
make a comparison between these three
records of the head-measuring machine
and the returns of the last election.
Of almost similar shape to Mr. Crock
er's is the little pin-hole map of Cor
oner Leland's head, though it has
greater proportionate breadth at the
forehead, without any diminution of
width -behind the ears. " Those who
know anything of phrenology may be
able to cujl from this the reason of
Coroner Leland's successive return to
office. Hatter Dillon has his own pecu
liar theories on 'this subject. And -per
haps they are not all based on the rec
ord of his head-measuring machine.
District Attorney Byington's head, as
may ,be seen from the dotted lines
around his portrait, Is of quite a dif
ferent shape, so perhaps the little head
measurer is not an infallible index to
politicarsufecess and perpetuity. The
most prominent protrusion - is here
shown on the. right side of the head,
though whether or not it is the special
."bump" of legal learning does not seem
to be borne out by comparison with the
curvature of three other Judicial and
legal lights. City Attorney Long and
Police Judge Mogan have heads much
alike in shape to be sure, but they' are
nothing like District Attorney Bying
ton's, while on the other hand the shape
of Lawyer Edward L. Sweeney's'^head
is so totally different from the other
three as to belong' to another race en
tirely, though. Hatter Dillon declares
that nativity hasn't anything whatever
to : do' with the subject, at all, at all.
Lawyer Sweeney's head is almost cu
cumber shaped, and in a modified form
Watch for
Geraldine Bonner's
Wonderfully
Dramatic
California Novel
"To-Morrow's Tangle"
Begins in
Next Sunday Call.
Henry H. Lynch is the 'only politician
with a head anywhere apprbachlng it
in curvature. .
In the line of similarity of political,
success and also of contour of cranium
a dance at these • pictures will show
you that -Supervisor "W. "W. Sanderson
and Public Administrator "Billy"
Hynes : have much in common, though
to look at the faces of these two gentle
men is to find absolutely no resem
blance whatever. However, that Is not
where the hatter looks for his points
of resemblance.
Supervisors Oscar Hocks and
dcre Lundstedt, judging from the rec
ords of the head-measuring machine,
might "exchange hats without, finding
unfamiliar pressure anywhere, but
though the 'conformation of these two
heads is almost identical, with the
greatest swell at the right side of the
head just above the ear and the most
"pronounced dip just • over the right
temple, no two men could be ' more
totally unlike in every other way: How
ever, if the hatter is right, that It is
the shape of the head. that wins suc
cess, each of these men might have
prophesied victory, for the. other, based
solely upon the. shape of his own head.
But in how far can this similarity of
shape be relied' upon when we find al
most as next-door neighbors in the
city's administration two men occupy
ing high places whose heads are utterly
unlike* In every particular. \L6bk at
County Clerk Greif's head, and then at
Recorder Godchaux's. The latter is al
most, a perfect pear shape, while the
former is a' scarcely less perfect egg
shape. Nor do the men look at all alike
in any respect. "
More evenly formed than any of these,
is the head of Fire Commissioner Par
ry, who finds his driving force directly
above the ears, with a plentiful width
of forehead. If Hatter Dillon is right
in his theories thqn Commissioner Par
ry has slept . almost equally on both
sides of his head, though whether or
not a politician could improve his
chances by adhesion to one position or
the other In the development of the
sh»f e of the head would furnish an ex
cellent field for the test of the theory.
'However, if you are inclined to find
.in these shapes subject for amusement
Just, let the little head measurer take a
record of your own, which may furnish
much that Is spicy for your friends' de
lectation, if not for your own. No one
knows better than your . hatter what
your : head . looks like. But, ' seriously
speaking, these little , pin prick : maps
are mute evidence of why some men
climb . ( to success while other men sink
to poverty and oblivion. Still tha^ is
hardly germane to • the -, subject, since
there are no politicians among the.lat
t«"- '.' '..''■ ' •'
Compare These Cr&niums and See Why
They All Succeed.
1112
LADY HELEN FORBES ON HOSPITALITY
IT would, of course, be hopelessly
trite to say that hospitality is a
word that is very much abused,
but it would be none the Ies3 ap
plicable. It is a grand word, one
which opens out to the eyes of one's
mind a noble vista of ideas; it brings
before them the great houses, open
to all. lavish feasting, a generosity of
Spanish type, "all mine is yours." ask
ing no return, and above all the grace
ful and gracious licure of the lady of
ih- house, tbQ loai -giver, smiling like
Lhe sun upon rich guest and poor
puvpt alike.
All tins — if it ever existed — is quite
obsolete. \V> entertain more or less
lavishly still, it is true; but strictly on
The principle of "Feed me and I will
'•-oil thec." Foieprras and the best
band of champagne for him who will
teed 08 in return; cutltt and sparkling
hock fnr him who cannot give us any
thing bettor. ,lt certainly sounds very
sordid, put in cold print, but of course
it is excellent worldly wisdom, making
friends of the mammon of unright
eousnes?. of what use to waste our
carefully reared pheasant on the man
who !ets off h'.s gun once a year, and
prg>b&i>ly won't be able to hit them?
To send your opera box to a penniless
musician when the lady who is going
to give a series of balls is "so fond of
music "."" We are few of us in the
happy position of being able totally to
:pnoro j>eople who "may be of use to
us." ami these quickly outnumber
those who are of no use whatever. Go
throuph half a dozen London seasons
without giving so much as a luncheon
party, and you will soon find out how
jour invitations will tail off. •
JjOXDON* HOSPITALITY.
In London especially is the principle
of "cutlet for cutlet" adhered to. • So
ciety is very large, and London houses
Rre. comparatively speaking, very
small. They will only hold a percent
age of one's acquaintance, and of what
xise to fill them ud with those who
have nothing to give in return? I
think the idea has srrown since we
had so many millionaires in our ranks.
In the old exclusive days It is possible
that hostesses were not so business
like.
There is one piece of hospitality of
Mhich people who have a house In
London are especially charv. and that
is the greatest kindness in their pow
er. It is putting up people who have
no London house of their own. Of
course these are usually poor people,
glad to save their hotel bill, and the
poor are tn be avoided like the plague
by the "cutlet for cutlet" hostess, al
ways supposing that they are not the
"smart" poor, wonderful people whom
we all know to be penniless, but who
nevertheless manage to go everywhere,
find do everything in the best wav.
"like other people," and to lock smil
ing and splendid all the time. These
rare spirits seldom, if ever, contribute
anything but the dignity of their com
pany to the mutual entertainment of
iheir kind. There is generally the
jjlam >r of some achievement hanging
over them. The men among them are
wonderful shots or amusinc talkers;
the .omen are "beauties" mentioned
by every society paper, or they have
the faculty «f "arnvrsing :he men." So
in the end we can see that even these
"poor" Jo something for their hosts
end hostesses. Otherwise they would
cerUiinly not be there,
OVR IY>REIGN' VISITORS.
Foreigners complain that we English
have no idea of hospitality. I think
this is. unfair. We have an idea and'
our idea is fo">d. When ••? "o abroad,
and are never asked to dinner, but
only to evening parties with very light
refreshments, we think nearly as little
of our entertainers as they do of us
when they come to London, and find
themselves only asked to huge heavy
luncheons, where they overoat them
selves and are bored to death, because
they are not introduced to the whole
company. The English social light
wants food; he doesn't care to know a
lot • strange people. The foreigner
wants to be amused; he doesn't care
whether he pets anything to eat or
not. Most foreign families of la haute
noblcffe would rather go without a
mea! than a carriage or an >ctra foot-
y-.,. ACH child, like each adult, has
T the power to decide whether he
"7 » w ill or will not perform a given
t J \ act. Conduct will be good or
V. bad, as the decision is generally
in favor of the right or wrong. Nearly
all we do is the result of a determina
tion to act. This Is so of all organs
bhvc those upon which life and health
depend. Since conduct is the result of
acts of the will, it will readily be seen
that the training of any child to right
action, must be almost entirely a train
ing of the will.' The parent who is suc
cessful in this, most difficult work will
have little trouble in the management
and training; of children.
Will power is the mainspring of every
Individual. Almost every function of
the mind and body is subject to its dic
tates. Scarcely any physical deformity
Is to be so much dreaded as a weak
will. It Is will power which largely de
termines the character of every person.
The individual is likely to be strong
mentally, physically and morally, as he
is able to control his will and direct it
toward proper ends. The will should at
all times obev the dictates of con
science. If it docs not. the result is al
most certaia to be a ruined character.
We must not forget, then, that the
will is the great central, sustaining
force in charat-er. It is the life-giving
power that builds up the elements of
character into a harmonious whole.
That thte important truth may be more
apparent to all. let us consider the
matter more carefully.
Knowledge of right and wrong will
not insure the performance of right ac
tions. The whole being, body and mind,
should obey the commands of the in
ternal compelling force — the wilL Many
who know perfectly well what the mor
al code requires are too weak to follow
It* precepts. The drunkard, for in
stance, knows only too well the disas
trous effects of 6trong drink: but his
tvtll power is too weak to control his
depraved appetite. H e can form the
noblest resolutions and make promises
cif reform, yet resolution and promise
are alike broken repeatedly.
Neither is a tender conscience suf
ficient in itself to brace up a nature
defective in will force. The keenest
sorrow «nd shame may be felt for
faults committed, yet again and again
the same fault will be repeated, the
same vicious practice indulged in, be
cause the vital, strength-giving will
Is absent.
On the win depends the strengthen-
man. "Wo would sooner be waited on
by parlormaids and go in buses than
miss our four— or sometimes five—
feefls a day. It is only a difference In
the point of view.
It is therefore hopeless to expect
anything in the way of hospitality In
London except food. Sometimes there
Is a little music or a little dancing, but
it is all an excuse for food. So we turn
to the country, hoping to find our ideal
of hospitality there.
There is a certain round of country
house visiting, which everybody in the
society •'treadmill." who in any way re
spects himself, is bound to pursue.
Scotland, grouse and deer, from- mid-
August to mid-October; England, co
vert shooting for November, December
and possibly part of January". Ireland,
possibly for a tew weeks' hunting, oth
erwise Encland and the hunt ; balls.
These last two are optional, but to
spend the autumn among the grouse,
deer, partridges and pheasants is,
broadly speaking, inevitable. Then the
doors of the country houses fly open
and many strange phenomena are ex
hibited to the view. of the observer of
hospitality.
A COUNTRY HOST'S DIFFICULTIES
Of course there are two sides to this,
as to every other question. There is
the point of view of the host and there
is the point of view of the guest. If we
had more perfect guests we should
doubtless have more perfect hosts to
entertain them. But the guest is often
a sadly annoying personage. This is
strange, because it is so easy to be a
satisfactory guest, far easier than to
be an adequate host. The guest has
only his own demeanor to order,
whereas the host has to make a thou
sand arrangements for the comfort of
his guest. The satisfactory guest is al
ways pleasant and always pleased; he
has his own occupations and does not
har.g heavy on his host's hands; he is
agreeable to the other guests without
monopolizing them; he is punctual to
the minute, gives the servants no ex
tra trouble, tips them properly when he
goes away, does his host credit by his
appearance, manners and conversation
and is altogether a well-regulated in
dividual. But he is rare, and instead of
him we meet with a series of people
each very aggravating in their own
way.
There is the guest who is never In
time. This is a maddening variety. II.
it is a man, he is the bugbear of shoot
ing parties: he is never ready to start,
and disorganizes the whole plan of the
beats, which his host and his keeper
had designed to get- through before
luncheon. If it is a lady, she always
keeps dinner waiting, spoiling the fish,
the temper of the cook, and sometimes
in very aggravated cases where she is
so late that she has to be left behind,
the whole sequence of the procession
into dinner. Both examples Invariably
miss their trains, both coming and go
ing, and thus disarrange parties at
both ends of their visit. This type of
guest is never in the least ashamed of
his or her defects, but rather proud of
them than otherwise. They never con
sider themselves not only rude but ex
tremely selfish; they rather think It
grand and disinterested in them to take
no note of time.
TIIK TROUBIJESCttlE <ZZ?xrz.
Another very selfish guest is the one
who does not know her own mind. I
pay "her" advisedly, because it is al
most always a woman. This guest
never arrives on the day she has pro
mised to arrive, or goes away when she
is expected to do so. She should never
' visit except to houses of the dimensions
of Windsor Castle or Chatsworth.
where one person more or less makes
no difference; in a house where the ac
commodation Is limited she Is an un
mitigated nuisance, but she does not
care a bit about that. She wants to
make use of her hosts, not to make
herself pleasant to them. When she
has finally arrived, she never makes
up her mind what to do. In her mild
est form, she 13 the sort that answers,
•'Oh. I don't mind; whichever you like,"
when the hostess gives her the choice
of two actions. Sh- bores the hostess
who does not want to order the guests
about.
Then there is the guest who has dis
likes. This guest, on' arriving at a
TRAINING A CHILD'S WILL
ing of weak points, the resistance to
the assaults of temptation,- the effect
iveness of good resolutions, the carry
ing out of designs— in fact, the success
of the whole man, morally and materi
ally.
Conscience, with its awakening voice,
may rouse one from an aimless, Inef
fective existence, or from a life of sin
and dishonor and set him upon his feet.
A sense of right and duty will point
out to him the direction his line should
take. Only his will power will hold him
in his upright position and enable him
to move forward with determination
toward a better goal.
All of the fundamental virtues depend
upon the will for their growth and effi
ciency. Even the naturally timid may
gain courage by the exercise of their
wills. They can force themselves to be
brave in danger, to calm all apprehen
sions of evil, to go forward unterrlfled
into peril. The lazy, generally a most
difficult class to deal with, can over
come their aversion to work. They can
make themselves undertake tasks that
they dread and labor perseverlngly to
the end. They can train themselves
to industrious habits.
The will can make the weak strong
and self-reliant, and teach them to de
pend on themselves. It can nerve us
for conflict with difficulties and adversi
ties. It can Inspire with courage for
whatever duty there may be to perform,
for whatever misfortune may befall.
In the realm of justice we can com
pel ourselves to be absolutely truthful
by an act of will, even when the strong
est temptation to tell an untruth pre
sents itself. We can cast out all feel
ings of prejudice and revenge, of un
kindness and selfishness. The most bit
ter-hearted can change his sentiments
if he will and become forgiving. The
most heartless and selfish can become
sympathetic and helpful.
Uncharitable thoughts may be ex
pelled from the mind, spiteful words
may be held back, selfish and cruel
deeds may be restrained, all by the
righteous use of our wills; and the
world will be happier as these wills
work for the ends of Justice.
A strong will power that can govern
emotion, that can secure the mastery
over self, is the secret of self-control.
The bodily appetites, the dangerous de
sire for drink, the craving for injurious
narcotics, may be kept under by its
aid. All passionate outbursts of anger
may . be restrained, violence may be
subdued into gentleness, desire for ex
travagant , amusements and too much
pleasure may be curbed. The whole
being will thus be brought under and
house, espies some one with whom they
are not in sympathy, and instantly de
termines to be rude to that some one
or at best to cut them dead in a mark
ed manner. This generally makes
things very awkward, and shows a lack
of sense of .what Is due to the hostess.
You need not visit In a "set" you hap
pen to dislike, but if you find yourself
among them, It Is better taste to be
civil. Cela n'engage a rlen. You need
not take your hostess' distasteful
friends to your heart.
made subject to the higher law of rea
son rather than to our desires.
In the many practical affairs of
daily life an exercise of will power
will enable us to perform our duties
well and quickly. We can force our
selves to stop and think, to be delib
erate, careful and thorough. In studies
success depends largely upon attention.
This power of voluntary attention can
be secured only by an effort of the will.
All . great victories ever gained,
whether in war or in politics, In sci-
WASHINGTON AND THE REST.
THE "Father of His Country,"
whose '172d birthday we celebrate
to-morrow, is not . as well un
derstood as he ought to be by
the millions of people who now Inhabit
the land which he helped to wrest from
England. To many he Is still a dim
semi-mythical figure. Some ' only
snicker when his name is mentioned
because their thought. at once reverts
to the apochryphal incident of the
hatchet and the cherry tree. And yet,
thanks to such volumes as Senator
Lodge's biography in the series en
titled "American Statesmen" and . to
Paul Leicester Ford's "The Real George
Washington," he Is better known to
this generation than perhaps to any
since his own. He has been humanized.
Without losing his massive grandeur
he has become closer, of , kin to us, a
being not .to be worshiped but to be
rtvered and followed. Of course schol
ars will still discuss whether.Washing
ton Is after all the typical American;
whether that distinction does not be
lcng more. to Lincoln, Washington be
ing too close to the English 'stock and
habit of life to rank as such. But
after all who is the typical American?
Must v it be the man ' in ..whose veins
flows a certain kind of blood? No; we
should 'broaden our definition : of the
typical American to include a . Roose-
Velt of Dutch extraction, a Jacob Riis
of Danish strain. Who knows 1 but the
typical American fifty years hence may
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY' CALI1
The guest who does not harmonize
is a variant of the last named type.
But his defects are generally attributa
ble to the hostess. She ought not to
have asked him. One person whose
passion Is music set down among a lot
of people who think of nothing but
sport is almost certain to be a failure,
and so is the'reverse case. Some hos
tesses have a geDlus for . asking' the
wrong people to meet each other.
An almost worse variety Is the guest
who falls in love. This person is quite
ence or in religion, have been gained by
men of strong- will. Thus it is will
that has determined the course of his
tory, that has made and unmade na
tions, that has wrought reforms, that
has explored. Investigated, invented
and so Increased the knowledge and
comfort of mankind. .
It is the lack of will, shown In inde
cision, vacillation and cowardice, that
has brought ruin to individuals, to or
ganizations and to nations. Stupidity,
apathy, even bodily weakness, in many
be the son of that poor, Ignorant im
migrant who landed at Castle Garden
only, yesterday? . '
Certainly George Washington stands
for three traits . which belong to the
best type of American character. . In
the first place he was a hard worker.
He owed his advances and his successes
to his own strong right arm and to
his untiring industry. What a splendid
example he is of the men who have
done the rough, hard work necessary
for the development of this great coun
try of ours! I .am not thinking now
only of the battles or the terrible win
ters at Valley Forge, but also of the
experiences on the . frontier as a young
surveyor. Hear what he'says of them
himself in a letter to friend:
"Since last October I have not slept
above three or four nights in a bed,
but . after walking a , good | deal all; the
day I have Iain down 'before .'the': lire
upon * a little hay, straw or fodder, or
a bearskin, 'whichever* was to be had,
and happy, is he 'who gets the ; berth
nearest the fire." Thus was he trained
and toughened in the school of priva
tion, exposure and toil.; And "when one
thinks of | his | tremendous responsibili
ties in connection with the administra
tion of the army and -the 'founding:, of
the nation, we can hardly find It in our
hearts to complain of the' work' we
have to do and the burdens we have to
carry..
Washington was the great lover of
his country. \ He ibelleyed In this coun
try, Its . possibilities, : and ■: its destiny,
long before there was much of a coun-
useless for. all practical purposes. She
—it is generally a girl— has only one
thought, and all monomaniacs are tire
some people. If the object of her one
thought is responsive they make them
selves conspicuous; if he is not, she
»By William J. SHearer
cases, may be traced back, to this fun
damental weakness of character. "Fee
bleness of will brings about weakness
of the head and of the heart." The in
tellect and the affections will be im
paired. The" man will become a wretch
ed creature and end' his life in failure.
From what has been said it will read
ily be seen 'that the personal power of
any one Is dependent upon the strength
of the will. The Individual who per
sistently directs his will power along
proper lines is • sure to be successful.
try to believe In, when there were
hardly, any resources in the way of an
army or a navy or treasures in vaults
or" any national , consciousness . of the
wealth of the farms , and mines. Love
of country became, even under these
circumstances, a master passion. * And
shall we j of later,, years, now that the
nation has become a world power, love,
serv and believe In it any less, despite
manifest shortcomings and transgres
sions? He loved righteousness,' too, and
hated; Iniquity. Washington was no
prig, as the cherry tree legend would In
timate. He was a full-blooded. ' large
hearted; fallible' human being, but
among his early writings is a set of a
hundred rules which he had copied in
boyish hand," evidently for his own
guidance.* The : last; rule reads "Labor
to keep alive in your breast that little
spark of celestial fire -called con
science.", And when h a had reached the
summit of his earthly successes his
mother could only say; that' "George
had always -been a good boy and she
was sure he would do his duty."
It is good to.have had such a leader
at the 'forefront of this nation's life.
Abraham Lincoln, whose birthday has
just been observed, " and William Mc-
Kinley, whose birthday also fell within
the 'last month/ were men of similar
caliber, though * differing in personal
characteristics.' We honor them most,
not merely by eating big commemor
ative : dinners or by knocking off work
for a day, but by studying the sources
of their greatness and by following in
their footsteps.** ir THE PARSON.
spends all her time In tete-a-tetes -with
one after another of the women, confid
ing her woes. She is excitable and
tearful, and tends to disturb the party.
Peaceful flirtation is quite another
thing; it helps to oil the wheels. -
Then there is the guest who "asks
himself." This is a very trying per
son, because he is sure not to be want
ed, or he would have been asked. Very
few hosts have the moral courage to
refuse his request, and so he becomes
He who has no will power cannot pos
sibly succeed in any undertaking. How
important it 13 that every parent
should understand the function and
training of the will before it is too late
to influence it. The laws which govern
its development are well - understood.
The parent who has no knowledge of
the simplest principles, governing the
development of the will need not won
der that he fails to secure obedience
from his children.
A year ago the writer was asked con-'
cernlng the conduct of a boy 15 years
old. The father was -very 'mv.ch pro
voked. He said, in speaking of the
boy, "He always was pig-headed; I
never saw such a stubborn boy. I will
break his will or I will break his back.
I have sent him to the best schools in
the country. I have done everything
in my power, but I cannot break his
will." Such questions as the following
were asked of the parent: "Why
should you want to break his will?
Did you ever stop to think of what it
means to a boy or girl who has a strong
will? Can you blame the boy? Is he
not a 'chip oft the old block? What
wpuld you have amounted to if you
were not as self-willed as you are? You
are a man of very successful business
experience, and have a very large cir
cle of . acquaintances among business
men. Do you know of any one who
has Avon great success In any line of
business, except by perseverance and
hard work, the result of strong deter
mination? i What you want to do" for
that boy is to try to train hi3 will. Di
rect it into proper channels, and he may
have as great success.ln his life's work
as his father has had. Do as you
threatened td do, break hia will if you
can, and you will havg ruined his
chances for. success In life. A broken
will is just about as valuable as a
broken bow."
_The good sense of the gentleman led
him to agree that he had been wrong
and to express! the determination of
treating the boy differently in the fu-
U f e - t , Would tna * *« parents, to whose
attention this matter is called, would
be equally wise! During nine months of
the past year that boy continued to
-give^much trouble to the parents,
teachers and others. About three
months ago he developed great Interest
In certain subjects. Since that time he
has given no trouble to any one. To
day he promises to be a great success.
But for a little patience at a time when
it was needed, he would now be an out
cast from home, wandering, as many
others have been compelled to, because
parents did not understand the first
a perfect nuisance. He is generally one
and the same guest who won't go away.
This is a very tedious variety. He a
ways stays on after the rest of the
party when the host and hostess want
to be left alone. lie is always a per
son who wants to be amused contin
ually, and cannot bear his own com
pany. •
THE GUEST'S POINT OF VIEW.
But tliere Is another point of view
rrbm which to view hospitality— that or
the guest. And if the guest is frequent
ly a trial, the host is quite as rarely
satisfactory. The perfect host (and for
host read hostess) would be one who
thought of his guests before himseL.
and that is scarcely in human nature.
The best sort of host we meet is one
rfho leaves his guests completely alone
and lets them do exactly what they
like; for them he makes his house a
hotel where they do not have to pay.
Everything they want is at their ser
vice in abundance. Meals are at the
time they are supposed to be ready, tor
the unpunctual host and his conse
quently unpunctual servants are as
much to be deprecated as the unpunc
tual guest. The 'desirable kind of guest
does not care to stay in houses where
he is made more uncomfortable than he
would be at hts club; It is not worth his
while. And If he finds himself by
chance In such a house he has a conve
nient telegram which gives him an ex
cuse to go away, and he does not com*
back: moreover, he warns his friends,
and that house gets a bad name.
The worst sort of host is he who or
ders his guests about. He looks upon
them as Instruments for his amuse
ment and pleasure, and neveY thinks
about theirs. He will not allow them to
express any Independent desires. It ne
says they are to drive or to walk or to
go in a motor car. they must do so.
however much they wish to sit at home
with a book. If he Insists on their go
in?r to church or attending family
prayers, they have to do so, even at the
risk of committing mortal sin. if they
happen 1 to be of a different religious
persuasion to their host. They seldom
have the moral courage or rudeness to
resist. For this sort of host is keenly
alive the the selfishness of his guests,
though blind to his own: he hardly ever
asks the mindless or the unpunctual or
the quarrelsome guest to his house.
THE BAD HOST.
Another bad entertainer is the mean
host. This type grudges every scrap
of food his zuests eat. wine that they
drink or fuel that they burn, and
makes them feel that they arc costing
him money. He thinks, and not in
frequently says, that he is doing: peo
ple a kindness in extending: his hos
pitality to them. It is a very poor
sort of kindness to ask them to a place
where they will neither be amused nor
well fed, and one for which he i3 like
ly to receive as much gratitude — as it
deserves.
A third terrible host is he who
spies on hia guests. This type asks
two people who have * been talked
about together for the express purpose
of "seefhg If there is anything in it."
He Is Quite devoid of the Hense of loy
alty and is therefore capable of listen-
Ing behind doors for the purpose of
gratifying 1 his morbid curiosity. He
does not seem to see that if there is
any liaison between his guests which
should not exist he is a condoner and
therefore at least half as guilty.
Then there is the host who wrangle3
with his wife and pulls the domestic
machinery to pieces before his guest's
eyes. There is the host who does not
know you by sight and cuts you dead
when he next meejts you. There is the
host who tells you long, pointless sto
ries — he is very common. There Is
the host who bores you with his
money affairs, his religion or his phy
sical ailments. In short the bad host
is as common as the bad guest and as
trying. In these matters there is only
one motto for all concerned. Flee the
selfish; cleave to those who from
breeding or Christian charity or both
put you first and themselves second.
For the others, their entertainments
may be magnificent; they are not hos
pitality. HELEN FORBES.
principles of the right management of
those of strong will. .
Too few have given any considera
tion to this subject- Still fewer appre
ciate the Importance of seeing clearly
the difference between will training
and will breaking. .The training of a
child's will implies 'teaching him to
choose one of several courses. Thus,
by bringing influences to bear upon a
child, he may be induced to decide for
himself. Breaking his will is forclnff
him to do what be is told, regardless
of what he wishes to do. This takes
from the child his power of free choice,
which is the highest expression of hta
true personality. Nevertheless, the
child should understand clearly the re
suit of not choosing wisely. For exam
ple, suppose a child is told to leave tha
room. He refuses to do so. The par
ent, without further words, whips him
until he does leave the room or until
the parent sees it is impossible to
break his will. Would It not be wiser
for the parent to first tell the child
that, if he does not leave the room. It
will be necessary to punish him severe
ly? After having given plenty of time
for making a choice, it may be neces
sary for the parent to remove the child
by main force. But the child has been
given the option of either leaving or
taking the consequences.
Is not this God's way of treatlny us?
Does he not permit every person to
choose between right and wrong? Ev
erywhere and at all times and under all
circumstances he gives to man the
freedom of choice. This is given with
the distinct understanding that he must
take the consequences. He presents
the advantages of one course of action
and the disadvantages of the other.
Upon Uman he always places the re
sponsibility of chooslns: between the
right and the wrong. Can any parent
find a better way to train his own chil
dren?
In most cases the will of a child is.
at first, qufte weak. It grows stronger
with years. At the same age it is much
stronger in some children than in oth
ers. The child of strong: will must be
treated carefully. In the "Talks on
Obedience. Incentives and the Stubborn
Child" many incentives will be found.
At this time it Is not necessary to do
more than emphasize the fact that
there must be no conflict between the
will of the parent and that of the child.
Such is a conflict of brute force. The
stronger will be victorious. Punish
ment will do no good, save as it shows
a child that it does not pay to will to do
wrong. The will must be trained
through the feelings. It is the only way
that it can possibly be trained-The Catholic
Mass in Latin
V. — Sursum corda.
R.— Habemus ad Dominum.
V. — GratJas agamus Domino Deo nos-
II.— Dignum et justum est-
Vere dignum et Justum cst. aequum
et salutare. ifos tibi semper et ubique
gratias agere. Do-mine sancte. Pater
omr.ipotens. aeterne Deus. Qui cum
unigenito Fillo tuo ct Splritu Sanctp
unu? cs Dcus, unus es Dominus, non in
unlus elngularitate Personae, sed in
unius Trinitate substantlae. Quod
enlm de tua gloria, revelante te. cre
fiimus. hoc de Filio tuo, hoc de Spliitu
Sancto, sine differentia discretionis
sentimus. Dt in confessione verae sem
piternaequo Dcitatis, ct In Personis
prorrietas. ct in essentia unitas, ct in
Majettate adoritur aequalitas. Quern
laudant angeli atque arch angell, cher
ubim quoque ac seraphim, qui non ccs-
Eant clamare quotidie, una vpee dl
centes.
Sar.ctus. sanctus, sanctus, Dominus
Dous Sabaoth- Pleni cunt cocll ct terra
gloria tua. Hosanna in exeelsis. Ben
edictus qui venit In nomine Domini.
Hcsanna in excelsis.
_
IN a large room* in the basement of
the buiMIng now being used as a
school !ri the rear of the new
Catholic church on Broadway,
near Van Ness avenue, Sculptor
John McQuarrie is just completing one
of the most beautiful idea* ever cur
ried out in church architecture. It Is
the preface to the Catholic- mass told
in statuary.
There are twelve figures in all In
two series *>f six each, representing
angels with outspread wings. They
are of heroic mold, being over ten
feet high, but so perfectly propor
tioned that they seem much taller.
The lines are long and graceful, but
bo simple and chaste that v each fig
ure * seems the very embodiment of
divinity and religious exaltation. In
de-tf the preservation of this epint
o Fpurltv and classic dignity Is all the
more remarkable when it, Is under
stood that the whole twelve figures
an» all alike— as much alike as it is
possible to get them-the only differ
ence being in the pos. of each figure to
carry out the command and responses
lu the preface to the mass.
And when they are finally finished
and elevated to their pedestals high
OT f tne walls, between the long win
dows* in the new St. Brigid's Church,
which is itself Just nearins completion.
th^v will be the last step in the real
isation of an ideal that Father Cottte
has cherif-hed with an ardent and un
wavering fidelity for many years. The
church will be one of the most impos
ing in America. The altar, which Is
being brought from Italy, and which
ivill weigh twenty tons, will be a beau
tiful creation, while the system of light
ing which will be at once brilliant with
the strength of 1000 electric lights and
radiant with the softness of opalescent
tintfi, operated. bv more than sevent>
Bwitches. will be the most perfect ever
incorporated in a house of worship. It
is in this unitv of beauty and rever
ence, as in a great religious theme, that
Father Cottle conceived the Idea of
having the mass preface told in
statuary. '
And so he has had the work exe-
THE CATHOLIC MASS
PREFACE TOLD IN
STATUARY
cuted under his own hands, day after
day, chipping away the heavy plaster
casts from the statues themselves, un
til his priestly habiliments of somber
THE SAN FRANCISCO STjNDAY CALL!.
black have been transf ormea ' snow
white ,under a mantle of dust.. Never
theless he ( has ■ gone on working with
ah eagerness and enthusiasm rarely
surpassed . by the ambitious young
Calif ornian sculptor, himself.
.The '.two series of statues will .be
shown on either hand as one emerges
from under the organ loft on enter
ing the church. The first will be a
figure in a striking pose commanding
"Silence" as necessary to contempla
tion. The second will be "Contempla
tion," as necessary.to a proper recep
tion of. the divine grace. Each of
these figures on . opposite sides of the
church will be the complement of the
other, only the pose will be a little
The Catholic
Mass in English
V.— Lift up your hearts.
H-We lift them up unto the Lord.
V. — Let us give thanks unto the Lord
our God.
R.— It is worthy and Just.
It is truly worthy and Just, right and
profitable unto salvation that we should
at all times and In all places give
thanks unto thee, O holy Lord. Father
Almighty, eternal God, who, with thine
only begotten Son and the Holy Ghost,
art one God, one Lord, not in the sin
gleness of one only person, but in the
trinity of one substance. For what
we believe of thy glory, as thou hast
revealed It, that we believe of thy Son
and that of the Holy Ghost, without
any difference or inequality; that in
the confession of the true and eternal
godhead, distinction in persons, unity
In essence and equality In majesty may
be adored, whom the angels and arch
angels, the cherubim also and sera
phim do praise, who cease not daily
to cry out with one voice, saying:
Holy, holy, holy Lord God of hosts.
Heaven and earth are full of thy glory.
Hosanna In the highest. Blessed is he
who cometh in the name of the Lord.
Hosanna in the highest.
different, as shown in the two statues
entitled "Contemplation" on this page.
That on the left with arms folded
across the breast and wfth the chin
resting In the palm of the left hand
looks toward the altar with pensive,
thoughtful glance. That on the right
has both hands crossed lightly on the
breast, while with face turned full upon
the altar and hair and drapery stream
ing, she stares with fixed attention.
In figure number three with downcast
eye3 and hands clasped in prayerful
attitude, the first command of the pre
face, "Lift up your- hearts." is sym
bolized, while the companion figure on
the opposite side of the church in the
same attitude, but with the eyes turned
heavenward, symbolizes the answering,
"We lift them up unto the Lord."
And thus on through the preface to
the last command. "Dignum et Justum
est." which is delineated in a majestic
figure with outstretched hand, and
pointing to the altar, while directly
across its companion figure of even
more imperious presence (as shown iti
the large central picture on this page)
points the answer, "It 13 right and
Just.";5JBgjP
Only sis of the twelve statues have
been completely finished so far. but
those six. when viewed in a group,
are' of such impressive grandeur thnt
when they are all placed in position,
with their deeply spiritualized eyes
turned upon the altar and their d*
versified poses symbolizing the com
mands of the preface, they will be
thrillingly av/e inspiring.
And the lights, both real and ar
tificial, 'n the dame above the altar
are-eo marvelously interblended thru
they would seem to cast a halo, liko
a benediction invoked by these angel
statues, upon the sanctuary and thoso
who worship therein.
Indeed, th-? whole Interior of .the
new church, when it is finally com
pleted will be something entirely new,
wholly unique and Indescribably beau
tiful.14
THE GUILD
ARTS AND
CRAFTS
*^T tUS you the master or an art or
/ | a craft? Because if you are it is
I | plainly your duly to join the
JL guild and contribute your mite
to the cx.ui.0 and in return re
ceive the substantial reminder that you
are a. fuli-i!edged member.
The idea is nothing new. but the fact
that society gills have taken it up, and
rot in the fashion of keeping their
light hand from knowing what their
left is do-ing either, has lent zest to
the matter. They are boasting of their
ability and are gleefully buying frills
and furbelows that have heretofore
b?en considered just a wee bit of an
extravagance. Bat why shouidn^t they,
pray? If they are willing to- devote
an hour each morning to a certain
cause should not the fruit of their labor
be disposed of as they see fit?
In _ a pretty littic shop banked in on
one side by flowers and on the other by
an endless variety of dainty household
accessories, one may daily find a bevy
cf pretty giris, gossiping, chatting and
incidentally selling their handiwork.
One goes in to look about at the tempt
ing: pretties, lingers to admire and
finally winds up by spending every sin
gle, solitary penny. For there is meth
od in the madness of this, guild. Pretty
giila uiid a variety as well are far bet
ter s. lerpecple than the regulation
clerk, ivnose so!e aim in life is to draw
down her salary at the end of •the
month.. j .
Before >ou can exhibit any of your
v.trc-s you must join the association,
and it costs you exactly half of a shin
ing:, bright, five-dollar piece.
That over you submit your treas
ure to a criticizing few, who discuss
the pros and cc-ns of its merits, and re
ject or accept it according to their
views upon the subject. For it is one of
their firt-t principles that all work sold
under the name of arts and crafts must
« o:ne up to a required standard, and Ju
tins wise the little band of workers will
icme to be recognized as the best in
their own particular line of work.
Unless you have been much in
ttrested in woven materials and tapes
tries, you probably didn't even know
that there ere women almost under
your very nose crbo weave linen and
woolen stufl's and who do it quite as a
matter of course, too. The loc-ms came
over from the old country and so does
the linen, by the way, for it cannot be
purchased in this land, but right here
in town ere woven bits of tapestry that
are a complete surprise party.
And figures at that — ladies and gen
tlemen playing at love-making: dogs
frolicking in gardens filled with flowers
*nd trees and, in fact, every o*her de
sign that has pleased the fancy of the
weaver. Tv- be sure, there are no re-
SINS REMOVED WHILE YOU WAIT.
«*» rt R. J. COLDBRICKS was a
/ \/ I lineal descendant of the late
I Captain Kidd. Both did their
J^ work on water, although the
latter had his confined in the sea, to
which he had acquired the habit of go
ing down in ships, while the former
took his in railroad stocks. Their fate
was a trifle different also in that the
captain was gently but firmly and
effectually hanged while the other was
c::Jy pilloried in the public press and
roasted in the pulpit. Mr. Goldbricks'
operations were more refined than thoae
of his predecessor, but they were much
more to the poiat. A specialty of his
was to cast a spell over a railroad that
had beon on the verge of dissolution
for a lone time. Then he would an
nounce that he had secured a controll
ing interest in the line and that it
would immediately be put on a paying
basis— for .him. After he had succeeded
in inducing a sufficient number, of
widows a;id orphans to C;g their stock-
Jr.gs out o' the bottom bureau drawer
and empty them out on the rlght-of
v. f ay he would issue a revised announce
ment that owing to the unexpected ap
pearance of circumstances over which
i!'_ had no control the road would be
unable to pay dividends on any but
the first pref?rre<J. leaving the second,
third and fourth preferred and the
various forms of common stock to go
their way in peace. Whenever this
happened it was a sure sign that be
tween 93 and 100 per cent of the first
preferred was safejy salted away In
the coffers of the said J. Goldbricka.
It is estimated that he received at
least seventy-five letters a day, point
ing out to him the exceeding sinfulness
of his possessing millions, while there
were poor women and children starv
ing for the want of an automobile or
a seat at the grand opera. People who
wouldn't have recognized a $20 bill if
they had met it on the street were full
peating lengths and they, do not come
in great sizes, but they are plenty
large enough for good sized panels, and
that is all the average person uses
them for anyway.
The linens come in a variety of de
signs and colors, although but two
tc-nes are combined together. For in
stance, blue and white, red and blue
or any other two colors that blend
prettily, but the patterns are as varied
as ore could wish for. The one trouble
is the smell lengths that are woven.
Enough and to spare for shirt waists,
aprons, bags of any description, or the
endless amount c-f articles that require
but three or four yards, but never
enough for a frock, although an order
wouid secure any quantity and any
colors.
Roumanian embroidery has come in
with such a flourish that there is "an
endless variety of it on hand. It Is a
Epecies of Turkish embroidery, the de
signs consisting entirely of straight
lines. Like cross-stitch work, it is done
entirely by the mesh of the material, or
if the background is one that is woven
closely, such as linen or silk, Java can
vas is basted over the surface and
when the embroidery is completed it
is romoved thread by thread. Bright
colors are always selected, such as red
and a peculiar shade of blue, and a
pattern entirely composed of yellow is
frequently used. There are top" collars
and cuffs, dollies and tray cloths and a
hundred end one dainty mats and cen-
Fable for the
Foolish.
■
to the brim with plans for the amelio
ration of everything In general and
themselves in particular if he would
only listen to them. '• ' .
In the midst of this torrent of good
advice he went calmly on his way,
working twelve hours a day and living
o:. oatmeal and pre-digested crackers
and shaking down the tjreat American
public for subscriptions to railroads
that never fan and wouldn't have,
known where to run to if they had had*
the chance. In the course of time he
laid aside the ticker tape and quietly
and unostentatiously died, as he had
lived, with his eyes fixed on the fu
ture(s). It is needless to add that he
didn't take a large part of his money
with him, which was probably fortu
nate for the money, as very llttfe of It
is being printed on asbestos paper now
adays. When the news of his death ap
peared on the front page in immediate
juxtaposition to the report of an ex
pected hot wave the newspapers rose
up and called the attention of the
young men of the country to the mad
ness of striving for more wealth than
could conveniently be concealed from
the assessor. The obituary articles
that blossomed out in all sorts of pub
lications were about as complimentary
as the speeches at an election for presi
dent of a well-conducted woman's club.
There was not complete agreement as
to whether he should take rank- in his
tory with Nero and the Borgias or
with the man who stole Charley. Ross
or the hitherto undiscovered gentleman
who committed assault and battery on
the person of the late Billy Patterson,
but there was general unanimity of
feeling that when his name appeared
in the Hall of Fame it would be time
to burn the jails and turn the Govern
ment over to a syndicate of presidents
of South American ' republics. ■ That
any cue should ever rise up and call
him blessed was considered about' as
likely as that the Mississippi River
should overcome its natural prejudices
and flow back past St. Louis again,
It so happened that among the heirs
whom Mr. Goldbricks regretfully left
behind him. there were one or two who
had advanced' ideas on the duties of
rich men, aside from inheritance'- taxes
and the Customhouse hold-up. They
of the opinion, that a vigorous
application of philanthropy- would wash
all tl.v stains off the prdinary double
eagle of commerce and that even - the
more vulgar $5 bill might be cleansed
cf all uncleanness. In - pursuance of
this laudable enterprise for. : the pro
motion of the public health, and the re
vamping of their ancestor's time-worn
and travel-stained ' reputation, they
made public large and imposing plans
for the erection of the J. Gold
bricks Memorial Hospital to cost at
least $1,000,000. This was followed up
by a gift'of a few hundred thousand
to the Omnibus Univera.ty, with '"'■ the
small condition that the university
should erect a statue on the campus
showing J. Goldbricka in the .act of
receiving a vote of thanks and a hand
embroidered copy "of the Ten Com
mandments from a delegation of wid
ows and orphans whom: he had - ab
solved from what is considered •: to be
the root of all evil. ' ,
About the time that the storm - was
at its height manifestations' began to
appear that the country had been mis
taken in its first estimate of the char
acter and probable future estate of
the late J. Goldbricks. The first symp
tom was the cropping 'out of a lead of
editorials pointing out that the world's
great men were seldom valued at their
true worth ; by their •"■ own • generation.
Then people began to wake u. to a
realization of the fact that the exigen
cies of modern business, or something:
that sounded like that, wouldn't allow
business j men' to adopt the' same meth
ods that would bring success in a Sun-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY". CALL'. •
aay-scnooi. From this stage the
transition was . easy to unadulterated
praise of Goldbricks as that prince of
business men and Napoleon of finance
whose death was .an irreparable loss
to the community. It was all of that,
for while he was still oh this mundane
sphere there was a chance that- some
one would ' get _ him on the short side
. and^ squeeze , a "few cents : out of him.
■ His 'past misdeeds were all forgotten
and his panel in the Hall of Fame was
specifically-framed with gold leal and
inscribed "To «th«' man who has -done
more , than any other man of : his , gen
eration to hold up the American people
"before" the eyes of tlie world."
• He is gone, but not entirely forgot
ten, and while the evil that he did may
live after him it is much more conven
ient to assume that it' is acase of mis
taken Identity. An d -In 'closing It is
only fair to assure the world that while
the sins of the fathers are , visited on
the children it is possible to receive the
visit in such a way as to make even a
Bin look like ' a sight draft on eternal
bliSS. . ■■'.■ ■:■;,;. --•/-•:
ter -pieces that are always availame
and dainty about a home. Some of them
present a dull appearance, while others
are more pretentious and shine with
the luster of silk, for all pocketbooks
are carefully considered and catered to-.
"Working cottons with or without a
Bheen are used, so that all results may
be obtained at all prices, and the sum
asked, by the way, for these scrim ar
ticles is little if any more than they
could be purchased elsewhere for and
they always bear a distinct mark of
Individuality. '
Of laces and Insertions there Is not
much of a variety, but what they hav«
Is good, well made and decidedly pretty,
not tc* mention cheap, for u dollar and a
quarter- a yard for real lace over an
inch fn width is anything on earth but
exorbitant.
Danish embroidery 13 a satisfactory
line of work that is displayed. The
foundation is a smooth linen and a
heavy white cotton i3 used in carrying
out the design. It is something that
every one can do, but like the majority
of fussy work, very few have the
patience to apply themselves to it. It is
in reality buttonholing, for it covers
all the cut out edges of the linen and
as the designs are formed in this fash
ion, it is easy to see that it is all im
portant.
But needlework in its various phases
i3 not all that this guild bc-ast3 o/. for
there are quite aa many men w»3 are
enthusiastic members as there ar»
women.
The beaten brass and copper articles
are worth seeing in themselves. The
one staple article that catches and
holds the eye just at present is the can
dlestick, and as no two are ever ex
actly alike, they are a fascinating
study. As a fad there are few things
more satisfactory to collect, for they
arc nearly always unfque and are dis
tinctly serviceable as well these days.
Perhaps the ones that attract the most
attention are tho3c that fasten to the
walls by means c-r a screw or tack. • A
thin piece of brass some six or eight
inches in length and probably about
half the size in width, projecting and
held in place by a slender brass rod. la
the candlestick proper, with the tiniest
»«rt of a receptacle directly under
neath it to catch the oil if there should
chance to be any. A dozen, more or
less, lined about on the walls would be
perfectly charming in a dining-room or
den, especially If some of the trays,
decanters and bowls were setting about
hsre and there to further the idea.
Naturally candlesticks call for shades
and there are an endless variety of
them in appliqued leather, both burned
and colored, and in the heavy papers.
Instead of fretting and fuming about
the correct colors for the tables, all
you have to do is to select your color*
and the guild does the rest, and on re
markably short notice at that.
All sorts and conditions of leather
work are right in their line — gorgeous
fruit panels for dining-rooms, heads
and pictures for pillows, exquisite pic
ture frames, and last but not least,
leather bookbinding that in itself Is an
exquisite art.
In the picture line there are etchings,
paintings, .water colors and the best
that the camera is capable of, all daint
ily framed and wired, just watching
and waiting for an opportunity to b«
carried off home by a chance customer,
for they know full well that at any
moment they may be torn from the
walls by a ruthless hand and relegated
to a dark corner to make way for a
new comer.
"Woodwork has not been overlooked In
the shuffle, for the hand of the career
has made itself strongly felt. Chests
of Spanish cedar, elaborately decorated
outside and delicately lined Inside, set
side by side, and serve as a resting:
place for smaller bits that have been
crowded out of their original house and
home. There are screens that illustrate
both an art and a craft, screens, by the
way, that would be an addition to any
home, no matter how elegant It might
be, for the very best efforts have been
put forth and the hand that proclaims
an artistic temperament i3 there.
Of china in all forms there is aa
abundance — the daintiest chocolate
sets, exquisite cups and saucers, fine old
steins, trays and the numerous pieces
that the housewife .finds so many uses
for and of which she is so justly proud.
For you could travel the length and
breadth of the city and find no hand
somer bits than the work of these girls,
who apparently are too Intent on pleas
sure seeking to do anything the least
practical. In fact, it is the same with
all the exhibits that the girls so tempt
ingly offer with a merry smile and a
merrier chatter, and If you are tempted
to buy on account of this self-same,
aHaring manner, there will be no after
cause for complaint, far you will be ab~
serately certain to get the full worth of
your meney.RECOLLECTIONS AND
REFLECTIONS OF THOMAS FITCH
(Copyright. 1904, by Thomas Fitch.)
THEODORE ROOSEVELT is a
rare combination of genius,
common sense, impulse, reflec
tion, sagacity "and fly up the
creek." His dominant charac
teristic is a virile conscience, which
though free from pharasalcaJ parade
of itself yet causes hijn to follow his
ccnvictier.s of duty persistently wher
ever they may lead him. As a private
citizen he is not lacking in toleration
*or human frailties, as a public of
ficer he will not spare en offender. As
a citizen he would act t!ie part of cood
Samaritan toward a wounded stranger
end let the thieves go. A3 an official
he would have followed the rascals
to Jericho and punished them merci
lessly.
Roosevelt was anxious to personally
engage In the t'pauish war on lin??
that would give scope to his individ
uality and he organized a body of
fighters whose specialty was to be
,their rough riding.
1 But in order to get a chance to
Tight at all they were compelled to
leave their horses behind them an4
(they charged up the slopes cf San
Juan hill, the first body of horseless
cavalry in the world.
In brief. Roosevelt reaches for re-
Jlts and Is not a slave to methods.
But he Is j.robably the most practical
or rather the most impractical poli
tician in his party. As a private citi
zen there would have been no impro
priety hi his seating at his table one
cf the greatest and most useful col
ored men in America, but an invita
tion ».o <1ine at the White House ex
tended by the President of the United
States to a negro needlessly offended
the prejudices of millions of white
voters and was of no substantial ben
efit of the colored people. Prejudices,
however unwarranted, wiii exist and
to an extent th?y influence the polit
ical action of those who entertain
them.
Even th* Union poldiers during the
«ar voiced this prejudice in the re
frain of Private Miles O'Rcilley's
song:
We arc filer.':* cf the Union, nil Its foes tve
abhor.
liui »-f a!n't f'.r th* r.'cger, tbocxta w% are
for The vrcr.
Later yet these prejudices found ut
terance in the caustic comment of Pe
troleum V. Nasby. "Our colored ally,"
said he. "Tow that he is no longer
needed to stend between a white man
and a rebel bullet, is the same d— d
rigger that he always v.af."
It is no credit to the Intelligence of
the people that indiscreet utterances
and indiscreet acts will often inflict
more irjury upon a candidate or a
cause than a lifetime of wise public
service will neutralize. The "Rum, Ro
manism and Rebellion" paragraph* of
Preacher Burchard's address enraged
a sufficient number of Catholic Irish to
defeat James G. Blaine for the Presi
dency.
Possibly the unnecessary negro guest
at the White House and the unneces
rary negro officeholder in South Caro
lina may work a similar disaster to
President Roosevelt.
Yet the great lines of strength which
t:e Theodore Roosevelt to the public
heart may not be easily broken. Many
public officials regard public office as a
personal possession. President Roose
velt is saturated through and through
with the Idea that It Is a public trust.
There will remain no corrupt men in
public cff.ee under him if he knows It,
yct-he has rot sought to fit the quali
heatiens and capacities and characters
«-f his appointees to any Procrustean
bed of his own making. He has not In
2ii/ instance been ruled by the ma
tliir.c. neither has he attempted to de
fctrcy or ignore it, for he well knows
that any rarty composed only of pur
ists would be apt to dwell In the lone-
Eomeneaa and unusefulness of a minor
ity, and that In practical politics
every clement that is essential to suc-
WHAT THE GOVERNMENT OF THE FUTURE WILL BE
PHHRi: are signs of a revival of
those fears consequent upon the
developments in the labor
vorld. but I do not believe
that the English people will
raise the red cap of commu
;m. They will rather follow the
;i;i? of steady pro&Tess characteristic
t.f the rate. By that I do not mean
that they will be satisfied with the
crawling pace of past times. Elec
toral changes to complete the demo
cratization of Parliament Ehould In
crease the r>ace at which the machine
moves. The monarchy present* no
difficulty to-day. It is possible to
couccive a republic which would^ not
be a democracy; and we have con
j.tantly before our eyes a consti
tutional monarchy consistent both
v.ith republican forms and with de
mocracy. The British throne to-day
is the coping-stone of the democratic
eystem that may. without any violence
to the throne, be made more fully
democratic If class influences, the be
quest of oligarchy, have to give way,
as they must, and If the power of
what is known as society is held in
/ess must be considered. "Gentlemen,"
raid a candidate before a Nevada con
vention for the nomination for State
Printer. "I am, as you perceive, fairly
well drunk. My honorable competitor,
who hr.s a larger carrying: capacity
than I have, has, by repeated solicita
tions to i?r.biL?. led me into this shamc
ful plight. Gentlemen, if I followed
my individual convictions I should
withdraw from this contest, but I feel
that I have a duty to. perform to oth
ers similarly situated.
"Ours is a representative govern
ment. Gentlemen, the. drunken element
of Nevada demands representation
upon this ticket" (and it received it).
Inclination and circumstances led
Theodore Roosevelt during his earlier
years to labor in the' library rather
than In the forum, yet his campaign
In 1SSO and his tour of the country in
that year proved that he has the nat
ural aptitude and qualifications of a
great debater. He has a wonderful
memory and a power of instantaneous
absorption, and every new idea be
comes at once a part of himself. His
mind is a chemical solvent of thought
into which great ideas can be thrown
with the assurance that they will come
forth clean, crystallized and' compact.
Hi.s syllogisms are iron limbed and no
sc-rhistries can live in their embrace.
His power of rapid and correct gen
eralization is supreme. No man can
reason ir.ore rapidly and more cogently
from cause to effect, or frpm circum
stance to principle. All the vast and
varied resources of his extensive read
ing awJ experience, all his capacity for
instantaneous and correct conclusions,
all the intuitive knowledge of his great
genius r.eem always to be at his imme
diate command. It requires opposition,
danger, excitement tg evoke his full
powers, and then he arises equal to
tht-> ooi.-nsion. ' • ■
He has a keen sense of humor. The
Rough Riders ate uncomplainingly of
the embalmed beef with which Com
missary Genera] Egan is allowed to
have provided them, but when, re
turned from the war. ' they were
camp?d at Mor.tauk and fed by pa
triotic women w!th milk, angel cake,
mince pies and quince preserves,, they
became critical as to their diet and
would not submit to the neglect from
the commissary department.
One: mcrninjr :i committee of three
vi?ited Colonel Roosevelt's headquar
ters and requcrted an interview. Their
commander was entertaining some call
ers, but he went forward to hoar the
committee.
"Colonel," said a tall Arizonan with
mailcs-ujxjtj his cheek of a wound he
had received while charging up San
Juan hill; "colonel, this is the second
morning that the soldiers of Company
D have been without a particle of fresh
cream for their coffea."
Roosevelt looked at the speaker and
his companions, a swarthy Texan and
a steel-eyed bronco buster frtrm Colo
rado and said slowly and sympathiz
ingly: "You poor thlngsr you poor
things." The committee slunk away
without another word. But next morn
ing Company D had a full supply of
cream.
Roosevelt wr.s accompanied on his
campaign for Governor of New York
by several rough riders, whose appear
ance at his meetings added great inter
*rt and piquancy to the campaign. One
of these expressed a strong desire to
make a short speech. He admitted that
he had had no experience 38 an orator
and the committee "sat down" upon
his aspirations. But he persisted in
his application and made a personal ap
peal to Roosevelt. "All right. Jack,"
said Roosevelt; "I will fix you at Utica.
Don't say anything to anybody about
it, and when I have finished my speech
to-night I will Introduce you to the
audience."
At the conclusion of his remarks that
night Colonel Roosevelt, with a twinkle
In his eye. said: "Fellow citizens, I
will now take the liberty of introducing
to you for a few remarks myfriend and
comrade, Sergeant Jc-seph Godfrey of
Texas." •
The members of the committee grew
white with apprehension, but Sergeant
Godfrey advanced confidently and was
welcomed with a roar of cheers. He
stretched forth an arm like unto that
cf Samson.' "Muffriends," said he, "I
am no speakah. I have always been a
Democrat, and when 1 return to Texas
I shall again be with mch party, but I
love mah kuhnal, and if I wah a votah
here I should vote for him, foh, suah,
he is a great man. Some kuhnals I have
seen marched in the reah, but . mah
kuhnal always marched In the front.
Some other kuhnals followed their regi-
check, as It will be, the prestige of
the throne may be enhanced, instead
of dimmed. A radical change in the
constitution and functions of the
House of Lords may leave the consti
tutional monarchy unimpaired.
A Republic in. the Abstract.
A House of Commons, "broad-based
upon the people's will" to an . extent
unknown to-day, may not be unmind
ful of advantages that an hereditary
president can offer over and above a
party leader who rises to the chief of
fice of the' state by a party vote. The
late Peter Taylor, a ' predecessor of
mine In 'the* representation of Leices
ter, once said he was "a republican in
the abstract." Well, we have a re
public in the abstract; I believe that
in future it will be more and more a
democratic republic. We have wit
nessed great social changes in the
past; In the future we shall see more.
The poor law is socialistic. The edu
cation act is another illustration of
what I mean by socialistic develop
ment. The powers of poor law guar
dians in the relief of distress are very
important, with a sympathtic com-
nients accerdin* to the army regula
tions. Did mah kuhnal do that? No,
muffriends; he always led us; he led us
like sheep to the slaughter." And there
the speech ended, amid roars of laugh
ter and applause.
When Theodore Roosevelt as candi
date for. Vice President was on his
stumping tour in the West, prepara
tions were made to give him a great
reception on his. arrival at Salt Lake
City. • The committee provided a mag
nificent horse caparisoned with the
American flag and an escort of twenty
of the best horsemen in the State. Col
onel Roosevelt on being informed of
the programme declined absolutely to
carry it out."
"I will not." he said, "turn this cam
paign into a circus. I shall be very
glad, however, after the reception is
over to take a little horseback exercise
around the city.-''
This was agreed upon and the guest
was taken in a carriage to the rooms
of the Alta Club, where, after a lunch
and handshaking and speechmaking,
the chairman of the committee — himself
one of the Rough, Riders, and accred
ited with being the best horseman in
Utah— said to the guest: "If you do not
feel too tired to take a ride about the
city now, your horse is at the door, and
I and a few of the boys will escort you
and show you the way."
Roosevelt accepted and his animal —
a magnificent bay — was led to the front.
"Mount," said the committe,eman to the
escort, and twenty cowboys leaped into
their saddles. "Shall I assist you to
mount. Colonel Rosevelt?!' said the ur
bane committeeman. "It will not, I
think, be necessary," said the candidate
for Vice President, placing his glksses
In* his pocket and buttoning his coat.
"I will i!de alongside you and show
munity behind them they may do
much to relieve the distress of the
aged and the sufferings of the sick.
The day is coming when poor relief
will give way In many cases to old
age pensions — the right of the aged,
honest toller. Some of us strongly
disapprove of the last education acts;
in the future they will have to be
amended, and as they are amended
they will become more socialistic. But
I see no evidence to show that the
English people will' adopt ' the ex
tremer forms of socialism ■ which
would undermine the -true democratic
ideal. If the. experience of the past
is any criterion we may, rather ex
pect that 'as in the days of feudalism
the King was held In check by the
barons, as the reign of absolutism was
stopped by the growth of parliamen
tary Institutions, and as the develop
ment of democracy has been by stages
not yet completed, bo under democ
racy itself there will always be a force
in public opinion that will hold In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO. ; .SUNDAY.:GALL :
you the course," said the committee
nian. "Thanks," said Roosevelt, gath
ering: the reins and bounding into the
saddle. V ' ; "v •
The committeeman did not ride
alongside — for reasons, and all that the
committeeman or the escort ever saw
of their suect on that ride 'was a streak
of dust from one hundred to five hun
dred . yards ahead T .of them until after
a ten mile circuit Roosevelt drew rein
again at the staitins point.
. To be esteemed great among, tha men
of this day and generation, requires
qualities and achievements in '.- excess
of any ever before. demanded. As was
said in substance: by a great English
poet, "We are dwarfs in knowledge, iu
our relations to the physical and men
tal universe, but we are dwarf s" parch*
ed upen the shoulders -of the giants of
the generations which have. gone be
fore and our eyes scan ahorizorf which
theirs could never, reach; .. Those who
can so tower above their fellows as to
define an outline against traah a hori-
zon must be giants indeed."
The proverb which says that "some
men are born to greatness, some
achieve greatness and some have great
ness thrust upon, them" may be ques
tioned. It is doubtful whether a man
who is not born great can ever achieve
greatness, for if fame be thrust upon
a man of common nature he will be
apt to contradict the proverb by prov
ing unequal to the occasion. It is
doubtful If circumstances or accident
ever made a great man. They may de
velop latent genius, but God Almighty
enjoys a monopoly of its creation.
Theodore Roosevelt is a leader of
men, leading not merely by superior
power, but by superior .moral qualities.
Men follow him because he Impresses
them with the idea that his own pro
motion is not his first care. Hi3
thoughts take directions from self sac-
By Henry Brbadhurst, M. P.
leash, as If were, those who would
lead the ship of state into deeps that
had not- been -sounded and beset with
rocks of which no charts had been
prepared. '•...■
Wlint a Democracy Would- Do.
A thoroughly enfranchised democ
racy will have great regard. for the
rights and duties of society, but It will
not forget/ the- responsibilities of the
individual. It will not destroy all pri
vate'property or rob the 'Individual of
Incentives to personal excellence, thrift
and providence. Neither wiir.it set
the interests .of 'a : class above those
of the community. An enlightened de
mocracy will refuse to take ff narrow
view of public needs ' and decline- to;
inflate the prejudices of a section to
the i hurt . of the ; whole . body. It will
preserve individual right, but' as so
ciety, is but the Individual in the ag
gregate It will exercise the power of
society, for the communal good. The
aged and deserving poor will '.receive
assistance . without -• any . attendance
mark '■ of degradation. '; The * education
system > will open elementary , schools,
technical - seminaries . and the unlversl-
riflce, 'from care for others. In few
natures are to be found 'poised with
such perfectness and exactness the po
etical and the practical elements of
mind. His early inspirations took
Hcholarly ways. He liked to unravel
the mysteries of science, to analyze
the legends of history, to untangle the
paths of philosophy. Then r he faced
unflinchingly the exigencies of a West
ern frontier, life.
He borrowed dignity and grace
from the. untamed grandeur of phys
ical nature - and courage was his , by
instinct and inheritance. His hardy,
hopeful zeal saw high; purpose In
every storm that beat upbn'his cabin."
As one result of thi3. noble education
he presents I his thoughts in'- English
as terse and vigorous as it is pure. He
takes the model: for; his expression
from the classic philosophy .of the
ties to all children with brains. As
Sir Norman Lockyer said at the Brit
ish Association, henceforth science and
brains will take the place of swords
and sinews. Education: enlightenment
is the vital breath >of democracy. De
mocracy In proportion as it Is true to
itself will insist upon efficiency in every
department of the public service; the
army and the navy . will not provide
outdoor relief for -the scions of an ef
fete aristc-cracy.
.The workers will be protected In their
daily avocations and in their homes by
a healthy environment and assured of
compensation if they are wounded In
the industrial fight. they fall
in the struggle, those. whom they leave
behind them will not be deserted by
the * community to - eat ' the bread of
grudging charity. ..While private enter
prise will not be discouraged, means
will be' found "for insuring a fairer dis
tribution of the wealth that capital and
labor combine to produce; the rights of
the state in land and minerals will be
exalted above the privileges of classes;
taxation will \ be * fairly-, adjusted and
equality ! of opportunity • will; be j secured
before : the law for all. The ' democracy
will have days of trial and depression;
ancients; he drew the inspiration of
action from the practical philos
ophy of the day. His bow has the
stretch and beauty of one wielded by
an ancient archer; the arrow strikes
the mark with the precision and pow
er of a bullet from a Mauser rifle. He
thinks .in Greek and acts in Anglo-
Saxon. He walks with: Socrates along
the. streets of *' a Montana mining
camp, and compels the philosopher of
antiquity to electioneer for the Repub
lican, ticket. He is the Chevalier Bay
ard of Jils century. He has all the
singleness of purpose and devotedness
of the Puritan and all the grace, cour
tesy and dash of the cavalier. He
"would be equally at home in Athens
"or Chicago. The restless, hurrying
. life of the West suits his ardent spirit,
the calm philosophy of the ancients
is congenial to his' classic mind. He
is the type of Northern chivalry — the
spirit of generous daring and defiance
of conventionalities mingled with ar
dent love of justice. A spirit born of
the marriage of correct, cold, erudite,
determined New England with the en-
It will have its difficulties and disap
pointments; but It will, rise above them
and carry forward that "great work- of
national progress, which, ■ though often
obstructed and for a time thwarted,
nevertheless moves forward slowly and
surely. -This faith In democracy — not
one class, but the combination of all
classes, for the common good — was the
faith of my youth and of my prime; it
Is the faith of my old age. I see no
reason for abandoning 1 it; rather I hold
fast to It as unto that, which Is good.
The Results of Extending Suffrage.
The question may. be- asked If the re
sults of . the extension of the suffrage
in England have been in accord with
the hopes of the reformers who strove
during so many years to place the re
form bills on. the statute book. I am
afraid the answer to that must- be a
negative one. Each act has been fol
lowed by the . election of Parliaments
that did much for the cause of progress.
For example, the. act of 1832 made pos
sible the reform of municipal corpora
tions; the years between 1868 and 1874
have been called the 1 "golden age of
Liberalism"; the last franchise .act
made - the reforms of recent years' in
evitable. ; But the ' enfranchised masses
have not shown aa a body that stead
fastness and determination that the
thusTnstlc. earn3st. v.-arm- hearted and
dare devil West, it will never be
s»aid of him, a3 Fontenelle said of a
French statesman, "He has aa good
a heart as can be made out of brains,"
for heart and brains are close part
ners in hi3 makeup.
President Roosevelt Is equally well
equipped to dispute with a Harvard
professor on the character of Pericles
or to engage in a war of wit on tho
hustings. He faced the Iron hall at
Santiago unflinchingly and a few
months later ha extorted from tha
critics unmeasured praise for his his
torical essays on the American revo
lution.
The history of his career affords a
lesson which may well put hop« Into
the humblest heart. It is tha proud
boast of our Government that It Is
able to furnish a pedestal, for such
gifts and such goodness as aro em
bodied in tha character of our Pres
ident, and it Is a boast not less proud
that the people were wise enough and
Just enough to accord to him the po
sitions that he has achieved.
Not all who win the race may wear
the laurel, but one such selection re
deems many of the errors of our pol
itics and atones for many a corrupt
or cowardly cno'ce.
The writer of this article was in
Washington for a few days in the
spring of 1903, and called at the "White
House to pay his respects. While wait
ing in the small anteroom adjoining the
President's private office there entered
upon a similar errand of courtesy the
grand old poet, Joaqulh Miller. Joaquin
and my wife and I have been close
friends, in sunshine and in storm, for
thirty years, although we had not met
for some time. We engaged in close
conversation, and did not notice that
the room was filling with Senators and
Representatives, who had, the privilege
of entering and who came to see the
President on business. . .- -; -
President Roose/ilt entered the room
suddenly and almost brusquely. With
rapid nods and greetings to the occu
pants he passed them by, and placing
both hands in those of Joaquin greeted
him warmly and engaged him in con
versation. It was hardly conversation,
for It was a monologue of friendly crit
icism and praise of one of the later ef
fusions of the poet. "Wait a minute."
said Roosevelt, and he ran like a boy
Into an adjacent room and returned
with a manuscript In his hand. "See."
said he, "I have quoted these lines of
yours in this article." And he then re
cited some verses by Joaquin, while
the old poet stood blushing like a boy.
••That Is all that I can stand at one
time. Mr. President," said the poet.
"Good-by," and with a parting wring
from Roosevelt's hand he started for
the- door.
And the Senators and Congressmen
waited and listened and looked, and it
seemed to be gradually dawning upon
them that there are nearly 500 of them,
all told, in this republic of ours, and
only one Joaquin Miller.
"Agitators" of 1832, 1867 and 1884
found essential. They have fallen into
apathy and Indifference too frequently,
as I should say. On the other hand,
the Conservatives have found that all
their fears were the vain imaginations
that their opponents told them they
were. Sir Robert Inglls said the Grey-
Russell act would bring about a revo
lution; as a matter of fact it prevented
one. When the Government in 1867
came at last to household suffrage In
boroughs, it was said in the House of
Lords that they were "taking a leap
In the dark." Perhaps they thought it
was a jump Into the abyss, but the
Liberal Ministry of 1S68 was followed
by a Tory government In 1874. Sir Staf
ford Northcote said the bill of 1S8I
would "let loose upon the constitu
encies," two millions of voters, unln
structed, and all the rest of it. These
two millions, or very many, of them,
have helped to keep the Unionists In
office and In power. Some cf us had
begun. to think it possible in view of
certain things that have occurred, that
absolution might even be restored un
ner democratic or : semi-democratic
forms. We may have hopes that that
•will not be so. but Conservative alarms
on account of the extension of popular
freedom and responsibilities have been
proved to be groundless.
1516
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF FEB. 7.
THESE are the names of the 130
Incky children who won prizes
In the puzjrle content — Hie nine
different Names of Birds — pub
lished In The Sunday Call of
lr'cbniary 7.
James Dunn. Bakersfleld: Paul
iticrdan. 2S10 Tv.enty-third street, San
Francisco; Lorena Mellon. 379 Alca
traz avenu?, Oakland; Gladys Roberts,
£2S Doe avenue, San Francisco; Alice
Becker, 5S0 Cnsiro street. San Fran
cisco: Helen Kpfer, 614 Ellis street,
San Francisco; Grace Savjfje, 415 De-
M?adero street. f?a.n Francisco; Melvin
Koegel. 96 Cumberland street. San
Francisco; Beatrice Miner. 1316
Sherman street. Ahimeda; Lee
Girvin, 2293 Sacramento street,
San Francisco; George Puiisen,
65 Cumberland street, San Fran
cisco: Frank Curran, Z122 W'ash
ir.grion street. San Francisco; Leo de
Vaney, Roseburg. Oregon:' Francis
Schtrert. Woodland; Kathleen Caler,
3739 Seventeenth street. San Fran
cisco; Edith Powers, Lodi; Edna
Baurn. ?58 Pine street. San Francisco;
George Morgan. Virginia, Nevada;
Helen Brill, 205 Thirteenth street,'
Oakland; Frank Bitson, 77 Cumber
land street. San Francisco; Ada. Mey
ers. San Jose; La Verne, San Quentin;
Willie Asher, 524 Post street, San
Francisco; Harry Asher, 524 Post
street. San Francisco: Sidney Asher,
52 4 Post street. Sa.n Francisco; Elea
nor Coll. 27 Fell street, San Francisco;
Eilen Morrison, S19 Geary street, San
Francisco; Lester Bocks, Cupertino;
liarSon Bocks, Cupertino; Ursula Du
bois, 2251 Market street, San Fran
cisco; Alyce Boser. 622 Fillmore
street, San Francisco; Phyllis Acker
man. 1327 Myrtle street, Oakland;
Charlie Warren, Hanford; Mar-
Jori? Brooks, 1S13 San Antonio
svp;iup, Alameda; Irene McGuire.
126 Erie street. San Francisco;
Wilbur Cutts, Live Oak; Joeie Galligan.
2174 Eighth street, San Francisco; D.
C. Wilkens, *'1\ 2 Erie street, San Fran
cisco; Ben Osborn, WatsonvHIe; Helen
Lacy. 933 Sixty-third street. Oakland;
Beatrice Averill, Virginia City. New;
Marion Donegan. East Oakland; Mar
suerlte Lingenfelser, 122 Erie street,
San Francisco; Ella Bauseh. 1417 Castro
street. Oakland; V. Rademacher. 1353
McAllister street. San Francisco; Ar
thur Cummings, l."8 Fourth avenue. San
Francisco; Geraldine Bausch, 1417 Cas
tro street. Oakland; John Frazier, Goat
Island; Adah Hrnnner, 42S Live Oaks
Btrtet, San Francisco; Lloyd Locke,
1701 K street. Sacramento; J. E. Rhodes,
Sacramento; Bevjcrly Allen. Lincoln; F.
Eiehel. Livermore; Vernon Hodgkins,
Marysville; Dorothy Howe, San Diego;
Airrcd Bernstein, 313 Ellis street, San
Francisco: Edgar Kugroler, Mission and
Nineteenth streets, San Francisco;
Kenneth Kf ndall, Oakland: Francis Or
pen. 2324 Bush street. San Francisco;
Laura Folt-y, 1408 Fifteenth street, San
Francisco; Prank Andrews, 539 Utah
street. San Francisco; Willie Seymore,
Santa itcsa; Eusebia Lingelfelser, 122
Erie street, San Francisco; Earl Crellin,
Pieasanton; Helen Mahistedt. Vallejo;
Jetsie Wilkenson, Del Rey; Willie Has
kell. 222 Second avenue, San Francisco;
Harry Harsh. 109 Xoe street, San Fran
cisco; Genevieve Brentlinger, Santa
Cruz; Flores Pattee, Campo Soco; Eva
Brandon. WatsonvHIe; Nannette Leavy.
2727 Pacific street, San Francisco; Mayo
Shattuck. S6 Eleventh street, Oakland;
Johr.r.y Hope. SCO Shotwell sf H, San
Francisco: Ida Bateford, East Oak
land: Hilda Tyson, Niles; Annie Beav
er. Stockton; J. S. Murray, Sausalito:
John Murray. San Quentin: Wiifred
Balk, 2031 Hyde street, San Francisco;
Verr.a Swan. Sacramento: Jack Swee
ney, Sacramento; Elinor Broun. 115 ti
street, San Rafael; Henry Becker. 534
Castro street, San Francisco; George
Becker. 524 Castro street, San Fran
cisco: Rudolph Trautner. 2540 McAllis
ter street. San Francisco: Frank Done
gan. East Oakland; Charles Bausch,
1417 Castro 1 street, Oakland; M. Asher.
£21 Post -street. San Francisco: Annie
Asher. 5"4 Post street. San Francisco;
Hal Curtis. SIS Ellis -street; San Fran
cisco; Mildred Curtis, ItlS Ellis street.
Sin Francisco ; v Henry Russell, Hay
wards; Stella Mackintosh, 933 Union
street. San Francisco: .-'Fran We* Mur
ray. Sausalito; E. Murray, San Rafael;
Charles Ywaz, 442 Fourteenth street'.
San Francisco: Walter MIrrs, 2116 Fili
more street, San Francisco; Jack- Li
guori. Agnew; Helen Travis. 526 Har
rison street, San Francisco; Harry
Bumell. Los Angeles: Ina Dunlay,
Oakdale: Marie Salomon. Stockton;
Ray Williamson. 2966 Twenty-first
street. San Francisco: Alice William
son. 702 Railroad avenue, San Fran
cisco: Carlos Rivera, 130" O'Fafrell
street. San Francisco; Edward Wag
ener. 2011 Green street. San Francisco-
Carrie Merrill. 2192 Fifteenth street.
San Francisco; Marion Richards.
9S1 Sutter street, San Fran
cisco: Philip Murray, Sausalito-
Lew Coe. 641 Turk street. San Fran
cisco: George Nelson. 275 Church street,
{Jan Francisco; Ethel McGuire. 105 Eiii
street. San Francisco; Norma Soheri
i:-"i7 McAllister street. San Francisco;
< »letia Folsom. Sausalito; Mason Fol-
"lo-Morrow's Tari$^
sera, Sausalito; Leonard Coombs, Ar
*iew; H. de la Cruz, Menlo Park: R.
Meredith, Menlo Park; Will Hyde, '12\
Fifth street, Santa Rosa; Louis Frlant,'
729 Clayton street, San Francisco;
Grace Fauth, 238 Fourteenth street, San
NAME PUZZLES
Francisco;. Leslie Koegel, 96 , Cumber
land street, San Francisco; Claire Wil
liamson,,. 702 Railroad 'avenue, San
Francisco: Grace Clark, 607 Buchanan
street. San Francisco; , Willie : Koegel,
0€ Cumberland street, San Francisco:
THE SAN. -.FRAN-CISCO. SUNDAY GAUI..
R. .Pfaeffle, 3 Guerrero street, San Fran
cisco; Myi-a Treat, 1812 Van Ness, ave
nue,.' San Francisco; Minerva Jefres,
3364 Nineteenth street. San Francisco;
ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES FOR THOSE
WHO CAN GUESS THESE PUZLES.
T^ UK puzzle' pictures^ on^tWs-ivage to-daj*; all represent Geographical Tcmis. . Xo,;- 1 Is a Kingdom.
I *^^T'Q?yl^^i§S§^^^^^J'^'*i^^s^^S^W^* I [i&j^ wltliotit-anydlfllculty -whatever. 'tlint Is if jou so to
s \ si'dipol:^nd remember wl& of your chief studies, now that
■ J Japan' and JRussla arc trying. to. sec,'. which of them sUh'11 rule Manchnria. And as these different plc
■ lures TCpi-esent alll sorts and conditions/ of geographical^ terms V-y.q^ ousht _ to be able to tell which of
them -willi-apniy. most to China's condition (vyhcnJ thev?war" is') over/ 7 : However,' as .these pictures also repre
sent, mountains, 4 capes, bays, canals, lakes,*- gulfs, cities,^ IV States anil nil. such things as those, yoa
'have a. very wide, mqirciri of guesses to choose from. , However, a hint to the wise Is . sufficient, so the
Puzzle Editor will leave the " rest, to you. Wake up, Children. v . * :
And when you $ii'e b'olvcdVthcse puzzles think of' the rich reward, that Is awaiting you. Have you read
"Rab and His ' -Friericis,*!* "The r Prince of the House of David," "The Snow Image," '"The Magic Xuts,"
and, oh," all that .flnevlisl of+books; enumerated below? Because If you haven't you don't know what you
arc. nil$«|ii^,vvAnd tbxj '~oi\\$[\spLy to find out is to win one of these beautiful books.
v' And • here lsonothertfilns: that, the Puzzle. Editor \rwnt«: to «pf» ak of. Please don't *end In any tin
. trpe, pictures or proofs ''that' are nntoned— which means, that they will fade as soon as they a*re exposed
to the sun, and don't forget to- wTite'yonr. name and address on the - buck of each and every photograph.
And ; by all .nicanu be sure that you are a ' prize winner, before you send-In any plctureat «U.
.. ,; ' XoxT^rcmember this: You will all have u chance not only to «vln one of those 150 prizes, but get yom»
plcture^publislied as welt The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize . wl nners from no\T on to «cnd In theb?
.\p.teturcs}~the ,wliole;150 eTery-werk If possible. .Begin right now. Don't wait. Tlie 'more the merrier. -
Tlicrc c«n't be too many.' ■ But remember 'only the. prize "winners can -IVm'ip their picture*.. published. • '.
"■"r~'*."o*EScIi*of the." Nine "Pictures In this,' the "Eleventh. contest of the Sixth Scries, represents b Geogrraphlcal
Term.>, Can. ypu; guess ? s . a \Ij!": There. Ig a r,ieh reward for- you, if! you can.. - , • . V ..
.;';£■ "'And; now listen:^^ carefully: LllEKEAJili.oXtliU.NlJKED AND KlFI'V. PHIZES, and thU 1% what
tlS to win one of them: '- .- . ; . . ; '.'■ ■ '
'■'•'• • 1'inil the; names of Xinc; Different Geographical : Terms by. the Small Puzzle lectures on
'■.this.iJnge and write them lout In Uic space opposite the proper corresponding: number provided for," tlie
purpose in tlie cou|>on on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon Avith jour name and address
and the : prize you desire— If - : you^win— arid send the .coupon .to the EDITOR ,OF TIJE XAME PUZZLE
PAGE, Sunday Call, San .-Francisco, Cal. * \ : \ V;
REMMMBER— To the FIRST ONE IIUXDRF.D AXD FIFTY BOYRAXD CIRI^i.who «oUe th<» Nlnt
X«me Puules correctly, one of these OXE HUXDltKU AXD lltTY 'IJEAUTIFIL PHIZES , trill ba
■ '. And ; don't fprjrrt thU next point, bircauws It M rerr Important: ALL AXSVTERS >fUST REACH
■THIS OFFICE 1 BY FRIDAY •'NOONV;^ Tills ;clvew »ll ' those; iu the country an equal chntice to compete.
>Kchd..cvcrxth.iQe^>Or.thb pa se. to be mire that you overlook . uothins .that will help von to nin iajnrlze.
TllivXAMESOFTHE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE i. -PUBLISH ED IX .THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, 3Iarch 6. v " : '. - •• | .. .
■' . ! . ■/;■■■ •■• .-.-.. .-. ..-. ■.'.■-" /. . .'■ ■ • ■ ._ . > .■•-..'■ ..-,.. \ .
These are the TWENTY BEACTIFIJJi BOOKS from /ivhlrh you may choose if ;.vou solve all the pti'ij" '
lies correctly:': Lady :of L the Lake, by Svott: Light ;. That Failed, by Kipling: LUtle Lame Prince, by Slulock;
* Tlie' Miifflc- Note, ■.-b"y-Mole«worth: L the "Master" of; Ballnntrae. by Steriii^ou: Mouses From an Old ».Man>e. by
'llawthornci.Mnlyaney' Stories, by Kipling:: Paradise Lost, by /Milton: The; Pilgrim** -.Progress, by Bnn^ani'
Pl»in Tales From', the Hills, by Ki pllng: Prince of the/ House of David, by lu-i-aham: i; s »b and His Frlchtl*!"'
bj Brown: Samantha at Saratoga. .by Holley: The : Sketch"- Book., by lrAlns::The Snow inuiKe. by Hawthorne:;
Talcs ■: ; l>om Snakespeare. by Lainb: Tom Brmvii's Sehoo* Day*, by Hushes; Treasure Island, by Stevenson;
'Twice Told Tales, by Hawthorne.. and! Uiicle Tom's Cabin. by^Stbwe. ".
May Fletcher, Mill Valley: Dorothy
' Coombs,. Napa; Dorothy French, 31
Eleventh street, San Francisco; .Je3sie
Gee, Vallejo; Maurice Shortrldge, HoteJ
. ,,••■■:-,'«••;■ ; ..... ;■{.■ . . ... ■■ f ■- ■>
Savoy. San Franciscq; Hanlon Crump,
Ml Hancock San Francisco; E.
L. CrumD, 141 Hancock street, Sau
Francisco: Harold Mosher. Berkeley;
Harry West, Sacramento; R. Mosher,
'Berkeley; Alice Tyler, Sacramento;.
Inez Ashley, Vallejo; Margaret Rogers.'
San Jose: t Tessie Doram. 1039 Howard
street, San Francisco; Milton Smith.
1039 Howard street, San Francisco: M.
Wadhams, Santa Clara: Emerson
Spear; 1306 -Sherman street. Alameda:
tsadp AVillLajnson. Tuolumne; Henry-
Russell. Hay wards; George Phenic, 1611
Fifteenth street, San Francisco: E. Fin
nie, C63 Oak street, San Francisco.
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below In their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Nine Different Geographi-
cal Terms represented In this
week's Name Puzzles:
■
t .; r ...
e
* ,
' s
•
-
February 51. 1904.
Xaxne ................«..»•••
Street or P. O...
City
V
If I win I choose for prUo
I tS*e Ust of Prizes.)Pages 17to 20
MANCHURIA, PRIZE OF THE EAST, IS ONE OF THE RICHEST
AND BROADEST DISTRICTS ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH
British Islands and Many American
States Gould Be Quartered -
Within Its Area.
LONDON. Feb. 20. — At the out
break of the Etruggle between Japan
and Russia little was known by Amer
ica of the cause. Still less is known
about the country over which the war
is being wa^ed. The quarrel in the
East has been fcf such long duration
find so much had been written of the
threatened rupture between nations
over the partitioning of China that
;.eople on this continent had come
to regard the whole subject with in
difference. But now the war is on.
Where will it end is the greatest in
ternational problem that has appeared
for a century-
Russia and Japan are striving, the
former to occupy and the latter to pre
vent the occupation of that portion of
Northeastern China, lying south of the
Amur River and over which a diplo
matic duel has long been in progress.
For years past Americans have read
of the Russian invasion of Manchuria.
They have perused columns of opin
ions on the convention of 1896, when
Russia and Japan signed articles recog
nizing the sovereignty and independ
ence of Korea. The question has often
been asked: "Why does Russia want
Manchuria? "Why does Japan oppose
the scheme?"
Manchuria is an empire in itself. It
i% more favorably situated as to cli
mate than any other part of China. It
is bounded on the north by the rich
laryis of Siberia, on the south by Ko
rea and the gTilfs and bays of the Tel
low Sea, on the east partly by the
praln fields of Siberia, and on the west
by Mongolia. Here only is Manchu
ria touched by an arm of the^ Mongo
lian desert. Reference to the accom
panying map will show the vastness of
the Manchurian domain.
Almost 400,000 square miles of the
earth's surface are contained within
the borders of the province. The fol
lowing table of areas as illustrated In
the map is interesting:
Square Mllei.
England and Wales 58,188
Scotland 30,417
Iceland a ~'££
Nov.- York State 47.C20
Peonsj1v«nU 44,»s5
tietr Jersey 7,413
i!a:r.? 29- 835
N-w Hampshire 0.»05
Wiiuont 0.135
Mi-rfachUSCtts 8.O4D
,< ..miM-tkut 4.S45
JMiode Island 1.OS3
Pit ?. 2S3,r>51
mrU, 100,000
ire* 7lG,4«
is in its physical | features that
Manchuria is rich, for it can safely be
ttatcd that within the 400,000 square
miles a population of only 13-000,000 of
unenterprising people exist, to whom
mining or exploring is either forbidden
by the Government or who are too lazy
to go beyond their own back yard.
Manchuria is divided into two fer
tile regions. The valleys and plains
of the north drain through the Amur
to the sea of Ohkotsk, the others
southward to the Yellow Sea. Here
we find the greatest variety of climate
arid condition* of soil. The northern
part is similar to Siberia, while South
ern Manchuria in climate, vegetation
und inhabitant* bears resemblance to
China.
Conic crests of extinct volcanoes in
Northern Manchuria along the range
of the Khingan Mountains stand out
boldly against the deeply wooded
gorges of the affluents of the River
Nonni and here at its base are rich
sulphur beds, which the Government
does not allow to be worked.
* Nprth of Upper Nonni Valley the
Great Khingan is connected by a high
land region and' at its highest point a
Chinese temple invites travelers of
all nations to come and worship at its
shrine. Here the Manchu poet sang of
the Shan-Alin, the sacred home of his
forefathers.
The two chief Manchurian rivers flow
in opposite directions, the Sungari.be
ing the main stream of the common
basin which forms the Amur. During
the floods this river becomes an inland
sea with islands, the resort of count
less flocks of wild swan, geese and
ducks. The Shara-Muren, or Yellow
River, which on the Mongolian plateau
Is a part of the Llauho and which
flows into the Gulf of Liaotunsr. finds
the sea where stands the Important
city of Newchwang. The Llauho was
at all times an important waterway,
the river flowing close to the city of
Mukden.
The surface of Manchuria is extreme
ly varied, with its sandy wastes, its
grassy steppes, rich arable lands and
dense forest tracts. In a region
stretching east of the Great Khlngan
the monsoons from the Pacific are ar
rested by the lofty Shanalin highlands,
which receive most c'^-the moisture.
This necessarily makes arid the re
gion beyond. But proceeding eastward
the soil, benefited by the cloud-bearing
sea breezes, is rich in vegetation, and
the forests and streams are the home
of wild beasts and fowl.
Most of the North Manchurian
mountains are green to the peaks,
while the valleys abound in Impene
trable forests of oak, elm and willow.
In South Manchuria nearly all
the arable lands have -been re
claimed and vegetation Is less
dense. South of Mukden the
seaward route traverses a thickly
populated district Although icebound
for four or five months of the year the
trade has rapidly increased. Cotton,
raw filk, hemp, pea oil and coal are
exported from this point. The whole of
South Manchuria abounds in coal and
the mines In the hills southeast of
Mukden supply the towns and metal
works of the surrounding districts.
The coal is also used by the steamers
plying in the Yellow Sea, and Is said
to be superior to that of Japan and
equal to the best Cardiff.
Altogether one would call the
country of Manchuria » exceedingly
fertile. Agriculture is the chief occu
pation of the people. The products are
beans and «peas. More attention has
been lately devoted to wheat
and other cereals, cotton, indigo, to
bacco and poppy, the native-grown
opium having almost completely sup
planted the Indian drug. The mineral
wealth is very great. A gold mine on
the lower Sungarl River is being
worked by the Government, private
mining being forbidden. The manufac
tures are unimportant. Some cottyn
cloth and silk are made for home
consumption and soda is prepared on
the steppes of the Sungari. There are
salmon fisheries on the lower. Sungari
and the Hurka, where great quantities
of ftsh are dried for the winter. Dis
tilleries are numerous and bean oil is
extracted, which forms the staple ex
port- Very fine sable, tiger and lynx
skins, ginseng: and deer horns are
among the other products
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
WILHELM
IS PIQUED
AT PRINCE
Kaiser's Son Talks of
Renouncing His
Rights.
BERLIN, Feb. 20.- — There is one
thing which interests the people of
Berlin much more than the troubles
in the Far East, and that is the do
mestic war between the Kaiser . and
the Crown Prince, who has shown a
strong inclination to have his own will
in everything.
H£ is now 22 years of age, and
thinks that the time has come for him
to declare his independence.
When he first started in to show
that he was far from agreeing with
his august father in matters of impor
tance it was a very severe shock to
u>« ivuiser, who in broad German told
him to shut up.
The conflict became acute when the
Kaiser told the Prince that as an of
ficer he had to obey his superior or he
would run the risk of being court mar
tialed. . •
The Crown Prince, with all the hot
headedness of a true Hohenzollern,
answered, stamping his feet:
"As a lieutenant In the German army
I know perfectly weir that I owe you
obedience in military matters, but as a
German, even If an officer, I have the
right to associate with whom I please,
visit whatever theaters I please. You,
yourself, was none too obedient to your
father when at my age you resented
his Interference in your private affairs
just as much as I do, and I want to tell
you that if I am not allowed to develop
my own Individuality I shall resign
from the army, and If you force me to
do this I swear that I will never again
wear a German uniform. Should this
not help I can always emigrate and
choose my homekin London, Paris or in
the United States, where I will be free
to live as a human* being and not sim
ply be clockwork." .
This response for once silenced the
Kaiser, who remained speechless for
several minutes; then, trying to be
calm, told his oldest son that if he were
a simple German subject his reasoning
would be perfectly proper, but that as
Crown Prince and future ruler of Ger
many there were other laws which he
must obey.
To this, however, the Prince replied
that he was human before he was royal
and that he would rather renounce his
rights to the throne and be free than to
be a crowned slave all his life.
May Paint Queen's Picture.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— The Duchess of
Sutherland is sitting to Sargent for. her
portrait. The Duchess already possesses
portraits by the most eminent painters
In England and Europe, but she has
been eager for a year to induce Sargent
to paint her portrait. Sargent is now
the busiest portrait painter in London,
and has been compelled to refuse dozens
of commissions. It is reported . the
Queen is. desirous of obtaining a Sar
«cnt Dor trait
TkJTAKCHURIA, that great pioviucc of the Chinese empire, over which Russia and Japan are
JfL contending, is cme of the richest areas on the earth. The accompanying map shows the posi
tion of the province and comparisons in latitude with various points on the Pacific Coast. This vast
domain, bordering Siberia and alluring to Russia because it would give the latter country desirable
Pacific seaports, is the price of all the districts in the Orient. In point of position it is the key to
a great stretch of country noiv practically unknown to the world. As showing the sice of this mag
nificent region, it may be said that England. Scotland, Ireland and the States of New York, Penn
sylvania, New Jersey, Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont. Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode
Island might be placed within its boundaries and there would he more than 100.000 square miles to
spare. The products are diversified, the soil is fertile and there is much mineral wealth.
PADEREWSKI SHOWS
DEFIANCE TO KAISER
Famous Pianist Will Not Allow .His
Latest Opera to Be Suns In a
German Theater.
WARSAW, Feb. 20.— Paderewskl, the
grtat pianist and composer, is the hero
and Idol of Poland.' To show his dis
approval of the harsh measures adopted
by the Kaiser in German Poland, he re
cently forbade his new opera, "Manru,"
to be produced in any German theater.
This is said to have greatly annoyed
the Kaiser, who is reported to have
sent a letter to Pederewski asking him
to reconsider his action. It Is not
known E exactly what Paderewski an •
swered the Kaiser, but he is reported
to have said to a personal ffiend tHat
as long as the Polish language was not
good enough to be used in Germany he
did not see why Polish music should
also be excluded, as it might jar
upon Prussian ears.
Find Xew Race in Africa.
PARIS. Feb. "20.— A letter received
from a member of the Chevalier expe
dition, which is exploring unknown re
gions in the heart of Africa, states that
in the v region to. the south of Dikakire
the "expedition' found a race of trog
lodytes, none of whom were over four
feet in height.
They "appeared fairly intelligent and
lived principally on the animals they
caught on their hunting expeditions,
bringing down their quarry with bows
and arrows.
• Their marriage ceremonies are sim
ple, the males on-reaching the age of
16 drawing lots for the females of the
game age. .
The Journey, across the country . was
accomplished without opposition from
the natives.
LONDON PLANS RELIEF
FOR CONGESTED TRAFFIC
Many Suj;jrestions Arc Offered. One of
Which Provides for Two Great
Thoroughfares.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— How to relieve
London's congested streets is a prob
lem the authorities have long tried to
solve. Some novel proposals were made
to deal with the difficulty where the
London traffic commissioners met this
week.
The only way to solve it, declared
Charles Scott Meik, was by making
new roads. Two great arterial thor
oughfares, running respectively from
north to south, and east and west, were
of the first Importance. They should
pass as close as possible to the large
railway termini and other congested
centers. Special provision, he said,
should be made for through traffic and
automobiles.
Mr. Meik suggested the double deck
construction of roads, the upper deck
being reserved for fast vehicles, in
cluding automobiles, and the lower for
slower and heavy traffic?- To reach the
upper deck certain secondary streets
should be connected with it. The double
decked road should be within the four
mile radius.
A suspended railway running along
the new thoroughfares was proposed.
The cost would be $375,000 a mile,
whereas shallow underground railways
cost $1,250,000 a mile and tubes $1,750,
000 a mile.
The total cost of the two main ave
nues was estimated by Mr. Meik at
$355,930,000, but recoupment from the
sale of surplus lands would bring the
net cost down. to $106,555,000. He esti
mated the net yearly revenues from
rail and tramways at $8,123,750.
Novel Lights in Pnris.
PARIS, Feb. 20.— At the annual pic
ture exhibition of the Cercle de la Rue
Boissy d'Anglais, otherwise known as
the "Epatant," a great novelty is shown
in the new electric lighting Invented by
the son of the great artist, Fortuny.
This system of refracted- light Is almost
as satisfactory as sunlight.
DOINGS OF AMERICANS
NOW ON CONTINENT
Embassador Choate Has Been 111 With
the Influenza, but Is Re
cuperating.
LONDON, Feb. 20. — Embassador
Choate was recently attacked bv In
fluenza and was compelled to go to
Tunbridge i Wells to recuperate. Henry
White, secretary of the embassy, re
turned from New York just in time to
attend the Lansdowne reception. His
going to Rome with his / son on a jour
ney revives the gossip that he may get
the appointment as Embassador to
Rome in the vent of Meyer's retire
ment. With the Vanderbllt- Influence
at the White House White's friends
hope he will soon consummate his am
bition to become a full-fledged Embas
sador.
Admiral Welville. who came to Eng
land to studv turbine engines, was a
guest at a dinner given by G. T. West
inghouse of Plttsburg at Claridge's. A
number of prominent English naval
men were present.
Harrison Power of Mississippi enter
tained the Duke of Somerset at dinner
at the Carlton recently. Power's son is
much in the company of Prince Henry
of Pless.
General T. L. James, who was mar
ried at Stratford-on-Avon, has been
at the Cecil with his bride. The aged
general, with his youthful bride, was a
center of interest nightly at the big
restaurant of the Cecil. General James
expects to sail for New York next
week after a visit ot Paris.
Elizabeth Parklna of Kansas City
sang at a smoking concert in Queen's
Halli attended bv the King and Prince
of Wales. It was Miss Parkina's debut
in London. She took the house by
storm, and there were innumerable
encores. The King honored her by
sending on the stage a special request
that she sins "Coming Through the
Rye." Miss Parkina has been in Paris
several years, where she achieved mod
erate success. , Having won unusual
approval In London' she now is a star
in private m'usicales and gets big fees.
London Character Dies.
LONDON, Feb. 20.— A wealthy re
cluse, R. S. Wilson of Tuxford Hall,
Notts— who had one of the most curi
ous collections one could imagine — died
recently, aged 73. He had in his grounds
an inferno, guarded by a colossal ef
figy of Satan bounded in chains. His
hell, as he described it to those very
few visitors privileged to see his exhi
bition, contained effigies typlfylns law
.yers. the priestcraft, the woman with
a proud look and a lying tongue'and a
tobacco devil. The whole was intend
ed as *an allegory, Satan being repre
sented as the king of this world
Pages 17 to 20
SAYS BERLIN* MUSICIANS
MURDER THE CLASSICS
Chicago Man Passes a Caustic Criti
cism on Harmony as Played In
Germany.
BERLIN, Feb. 20.— "You 1. we frozen
Beethoven stiff and he can't turn over
In his grave and defend himself!"
It is thfe voice of one Frederic Horace
Clarke of Chicago crying In the musical
wilderness of Berlin. Under the name
of Leo St. Damian, Mr. Clarke has
been giving a series of seven piano re
citals which have greatly stirred up
this city, which regards itself as the
musical center of creation. .--«.'
"The piano must be played without
any Independent finger movement or
hand stroke," he says. "I have almost
outgrown the angle at elbow and very
often have a polaric magnetic undula
tion of unbroken' outpouring of energy
through the whole arm in scales, oc
taves and chords.
"From an esthetic point of view it
Is a sin to render two consecutive bars
of music exactly alike In any respect.
Infinite variety In unity is the true
principle in art as in nature.
"Berlin orchestras and pianists are
just murdering the immortals every
day with their stuffy metronomic class
icism. It is charlatanism."
Eddys May Seek Divorce.
PARIS. Feb. 20.— Mrs. Clarence Eddy,
wife of the famous organist, is reported
about to seek a divorce. They have
lived apart a Ions time. The wife owns
a mansion near the Trocadero. Her
entertainments, especially her musi
cales, are among the best In Paris, sur
passing even Miss Fanny Reed's. The
name upon her invitations is not Mrs.
Clarence Eddy, but Mrs. Hershey Eddy.18
San Francisco Tent No. 14, Knights
of the Maccabees, has elected Briga
dier General H. L. Tickner to repre
sent it in the State convention to be
held in Los Anffeles March 9. Finance
Keeper Theo Frolich was chosen alter
nate. These two will attend the con
vention'and they will be accompanied
by Supreme Representative George V.
Leroi. At that session the subject of
a Great Camp for California will be
discussed and if it is favorably acted
upon officers for the Great Camp will
be chosen. San Francisco Tent will
strive to secure two of the officers.
Grant C. Freeman, finance keeper of
Golden West Tent No. ."i, has been
elected to represent that tent at the
convention. He will be a candidate
for the office of record keeper of the
Great Camp, if such is established. He
has been connected with Golden West
Tent for a number of years, is an
earnest worker for the order and is
decidedly popular in this part of the
jurisdiction.
Pacific Tent Xo. 70 has elected Ad
Traube as its delegate to the State
convention.
The Ladies of the Maccabees will
hold their State convention in Los An
geles at the same time that the
Knights hold theirs. Mrs. George V.
Leroi will represent San Francisco
Hive at that session.
The second annual military ball of
San Francisco Division of the Uniform
Rank will be given in Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of Monday, Feb
ruary 22. This will be an evening
dress affair and all military men will
be in uniform.
Supreme Commander D. P. Markey
of the Knights and Lady Lillian
Hollister, supreme head of the
Ladies of the Maccabees, will
attend the sessions in Los An
geles, which will last three
days. During the time of the conven
tions there will be a public reoeption,
open air concert, drives over the coun
try and a banquet. At the close of the
convention the supreme officers named,
who will be accompanied by Mrs. D.
P. Markey and Lady Bina West, su
preme record keeper, will visit San
Francisco. During their stay here the
committee on reception has arranged
a programme of entertainment, which
will include a drive over the city,
lunch at the Cliff; a reception in
Colden Gate Hall, trip to Tamalpais,
banquet and an automobile ride in
Oakland and vicinity under the aus
pices cf the Oakland members of the
order. The headquarters of the su
preme commander will be in the Pal
ace Hotel and will be jjecorated daily
v.ith fresh flowers. The companies of
the Uniform Rank located in this city,
Oakland, San Jose, Vallejo, Sacra
mento and Stockton will assemble here
and act as escort to the commander on
liis arrival.
Pythian Knights.
Syracuse Lodge, one of the progres
sive lodges of thevKnights of Pythias,
fe-uided by its new officers, of which
Charles Goldberg is chancellor com
mander is moving along at a
rapid rate. At the convention
held on the first Wednesday in
February fourteen applications were
presented, each accompanied with the
proposition fee, and at the convention
of February 10 twenty strangers had
the page rank conferred on them. This
lodge on the occasion of the recent
visit of the grand chancellor received
him in its hall, which was most taste
fully decorated ■*>>• Charles Goldberg,
then vice chancellor. On that occa
sion ihe lodge presentefl the visitor a
memento of the visit in the form of
a silver plate, appropriately engraved.
The lodge will give an entertainment
and ball in Crystal Hall in the Pythian
OViStle on February 17 in celebration
of the fortieth anniversary of the or
der.
Grand Chancellor B. V. Sarg*ent will
pay an official visit to Mars Lodge in
this city on February 23.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
rVhaffner visited Winters last week and
there delivered an address at an. en
••itainment given by the local lodfce in
. of the fortieth anniversary
o! the order's foundation. .
i>n February 22 Liberty No. 11 will
rive a ball in Oakland.
The grand chancellor visited Arroyo
3?ande February 15. San Luis Obispo
ra the 16th, Lompoc on the 17th, Nipo
mo on the ISth, Santa Maria on the
ISth and Santa Ynez on the 20th.
The San Francisco branch of the D.
O. K. K. held a ceremonial session in
B. B. Hall on February 16. The cere
mony was witnessed by a large number
of the members of the degree, who,
with the deepest interest, watched the
novices on their march to the fountain
where they could lave their hands in
the mysterious waters before being
permitted to ride the camel on their
way to the supreme being whose duty
it is to impart the wonderful mysteries
of the east.
On February 23 Dirigo Lodge and
East Oakland Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters will hold an open meeting for
the entertainment of their members
and their friends.
Odd Fellowship.
Grand Master Baker, I. O. O. F., paid
an official visit to Magnolia Lodge dur
ing the early part of February, and on
that occasion the Past Grands* Associ
ation also visited the lodge. The meet
ing was a most instructive and inter
esting one and the work was exempli
fied by the admission of strangers into
the order by initiation. The close of
the meeting was marked with, ad
dresses and hospitality. Subsequently
the Grand Master visited Western Ad
dition Lodge and there spent a pleasant
evening with the members.
Templar Lodge mourns the loss of
one of its members, John McQueen, for
a number of years its treasurer, who
passed away, a victim of pneumonia,
after an illness of three weeks. There
were many mourners at the funeral, in
cluding the members of. his lodge,
those of Loyal Rebekah Lodge and of
the Scottish Clans.
Magnolia Lodge is drilling its team
for the purpose of presenting the work
of the order before the representatives
at the next session of the Grand Lodge.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge at a recent
meeting initiated several candidates,
the work being performed for the first
time by the new noble grand, Mrs. Mc-
Burney, and the other recently in
stalled officers. It was presented with
that degree of perfectness that . has
marked the work of the officers in this
lodge for a number of terms in succes
sion.
The open meeting of Mission Re
bekah Lodge on the first Saturday in
February was a decided success in the
matter of attendance and excellence of
programme of entertainment- offered by.
the committee of which Lulu Perry
was the chairman. There were many
pleasing numbers and all up to the
standard of those presented for the en
tertainment tif J h4embers and guests by
this very much up-to-date lodge.
During the last week Mrs. Alma I.
Jensen, president of the California As
sembly of Rebekahs, paid official visits
as follows: Deborah Lodge, Colusa;
Pearl Lodge, at Williams; Diamond
Lodge, at Arbuckle; Willows Lodge, at
Willows; Orland Lodge, at Orland. and
Welcome Lodge, at jfewvllle. On Feb
ruary 22 she will visit Sylvan Lodge,
at Woodland; Phebe Lodge, at Capay,
on the 24 th; Woodland Lodge, at Wood
land, on the 25th, and Daviaville Lodge,
at Davisville, on the 26th.
On the second Wednesday in. Febru
ary the new officers of Oriental Re
bekah Lodge did their first work in the
Initiatory degree by initiating four
strangers. The officers did bo well that
they were complimented by District
Deputy President Mrs. Flora M. Berg
man, who spoke in high terms of praise
of the floor as well as of the ritualistic
work. Much of the beauty of the floor
work is due to the close attention paid
by the members who take part in it to
the instructions of Drill Master Frank
W. Derby. The officers wore new robes,
which produced a decidedly pretty ef
fect. There were visitors from San Ra
fael and San Jose, who praised the
work of the evening." On the evening
of the 17th inst. the lodge, after busi
ness, had a lunch basket social. The
baskets were sold by auction, Past
Grand Master Barnes acting as auc
tioneer, and the manner in which he
presented the goods to the bidders had
much to do with getting gbod prices for
the baskets offered. The lunching was
followed by dancing.
Independents.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of Court San Fran
cisco, Independent Order of Foresters,
for the current term: W. H. Adair,
court deputy; F. B. Sutherland, court
physician; J. E. Abrams, chief ranger;
Aaron Wasch, vice chief ranger; J. H.
Mahan, recording, and E. H. Seymour,
financial secretary; C. P. Stewart,
treasurer; M. C. Aros and M. G. Glass,
woodwards; O. H. Walker and R. H.
Tidd, beadles; T. J. Desmond, past
THE SAN i FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
chief ranger. The installation was fol
lowed by a banque^fn the Call Cafe, at
which E. H. Seymour was the toast
master. The past chief ranger made a
witty response to the toast assigned
him; J. K. Will gave the experiences of
an all around sporting man away from
home; the chief ranger told of close
Ehaves he has had; Dr. Sutherland told
of college days, and, the new vice chief
ranger, whope modesty is proverbial,
was unable, by reason of that modesty,
to respond to the toast assigned to
him. " There was a medley of songs,
recitations and instrumental selections
to make the evening pleasant.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Companion
Court Berkeley for the term ending
next January: Helen Mar Randall,
court deputy; Susan B. Tallman, phy
sician; Marie E. Stubenrauch, C. R.;
Priscilla A. Farrell, P. C. R.; Adrianna
M. Hill, V. C. R.; Cora J. Hill. R. S.;
Daisy L. Bunnell, F. S.; Bessy Sprague.
treasurer; Edith Sprague. orator; Eflie
M. Thomas, organist; Isabel Mar Ran
dall, S. W.; Coe E. McCabe, J. W.-
Annie Davis, S. B.; Metta E. Wood
worth, J. B. This court was recently
instituted at Berkeley with twenty
charter members by Deputy Supreme
Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart, assisted
by High Treasurer E. N. Cameron and
Professor C. W. Woodworth of Court
Grizzly.
Court Oakland at its meeting on the
second week in February had work
in the initiatory degree, proving that
it is keeping up its promise to have
candidates at each meeting. The cere
mony was followed after the session
with an interesting game of progressive
whist.
The theater party given a few even
ings since in the Central under the
auspices of the local board of deputies
was a decided success. The profits of
the house for that night produced a
goodly sum that will be used by the
San Francisco board in the extension
of the order in this city and vicinity.
A court of the companion branch of
this order was instituted at Los Gatos
on the first Saturday in February by
G. Q. Stewart, D. S. C. R., assisted by
a number of the members of Court
Wildwood. The new court starts with
a membership of forty and has adopted
the name of Companion Court Wild
wood. After the institution there were
short talks for the good of the order,
and then a supper, was' served. Fannie
E. Rodgers was chosen . chief ranger
for the current term and Alice Long
ley recording and Evelyn Anderson
financial secretary.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Stew
art on behalf of the Supreme Executive
Council has presented a set of beau
tiful sashes to Court Golden Gate, a
set of badges to Court Seal Rock and
a set of badges to Companion Court
Golden Gate as a compliment for work
done on behalf of the order within the
recent past.
American Foresters.
At the annual meeting of the San
Francisco relief committee of the For
esters of America the following named
were elected officers for the current
term: Joseph Gallagher of Court Seal
Rock, president; E. R. Zion of Court
Palo Alto, vice president; E. R. Stein
man of Court Golden West, .treasurer,
and Jacob Label of Court Aurora, sec
retary, re-elected. During the past
term this comparatively new organiza
tion attended to the cases of eighty
one members of courts outside of San
Francisco that were sick or in distress
in this city and found employment for
fourteen and also secured transporta
tion for a like number. After the
business of the day there was a colla-»
tion, speechmaking and the presenta
tion to Thomas J. Emery, the retiring"
president, of a beautiful dinner set and
a chafing dish in appreciation of his
services to the committee. This pres
ent was by Individual contributions by
the members of the committee. Among
Persons Prominent in Local
Fraternal Circles.
the speakers were Thomas J. Emery,
E. R. Zion, R. Steinman, Captain M.
Barruth, Daniel Teare, J. Gardner,
Herman Goetz*. A. Schell, H. Israel and
Secretary J. Label. . -J
Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann in the recent
past paid an official visit to the court
in Saratoga, where, after viewing the
work by the officers and examining the
business methods, he delivered a most
interesting talk on the order and urged
the membership, of the court to use its
best endeavors to help the good work
that is now in progress. At the close
of the meeting he was the guest of
honor at a banquet. He visited the
court at Colma and there was received
with a most cordial forestic welcome,
and there, too, after one of those ad
dresses along fraternal lines which
have of- late made him famous in the
order, he was given the post of honor
at a banquet. He also visited Courts
Yerba Buena and Barbarossa, at each
of which he created a good impres
sion by his suggestions for the welfare
of the courts and the order.
On the occasion of Supreme Chief
Ranger Kelly's visit to Oakland he was
received by a goodly representation of
the courts of that city and to keep in
mind the visit ho was presented with
a burned leather souvenir in the form
cf the emblem of the order, surround
ed by the names of the courts of that
city.
Red Men.
The official visit of the great Poca
hontas to Alfarata Council of the D.
of P. was one of the most pleasant
visits of the current term. The visit
ing chief was accompanied toy Past
Great Sachewi Wilson and Past Great
Pocahontas Mrs. Wilson, Past Great
Pocahontas Mrs. Rew, Past Grand Po
cahontas Mrs. Weisel, Past Great Po
cahontas Mrs. Johnson, Great Wenonah
Mrs. A. Bliss and Great Chief of Rec
ords Porter L. Bliss. There was adop
tion work which was highly commend
ed and during good for the order the
council presented to Great Pocahontas
Mrs. Betts a case of silver table ware,
a beautiful flowering plant to the great
Wenonah and fragrant flowers to Mrs.
Wilson. Manzanita Council, forty-five
strong, attended the meeting.
Byron Stovall, general organizer, will
institute a new tribe at Tulare on Feb
ruary 24.
Richard Gribble,, chief of records of
Weeott Tribe of Scotia, was at the Post
street wigwam last week and reported
that his tribe is in a very prosperous
condition.
The masquerade ball given in Maen
nerburtd Hall by White Eagle Tribe
was a very, successful affair which
was enjoyed by several hundred per
sons.
Sotoyome Tribe will give a ball in
Union Square Hall on the night of Feb
ruary 22.
Great Senior Sagamore Mason of Ne
vada City was in Sacramento last week'
visiting the tribes there.
Altahmos Tribe is arranging for a
grand ball to be given during the
.month of April. Every 'member of
this tribe has been notified that he is
expected . to present one application
properly filled out to the tribe before
March 9.
The team of Pocahontas Tribe, with
Great Sachem J. Samuels as sachem,
conferred the chief's degree on forty
seven warriors of Calumet Tribe in the
Post-street wigwam February 15 in
the presence of a large number of in
terested spectators. The manner in
which this degree was given was proof
that the 'members of the team havo
grasped the idea of the author of the
ritual in its fullest sense and by word
of mouth and by act conveye'd the
meaning of the language to those war
riors who were exalted. The work
was very Impressive.
Woodcraft.
About one hundred neighbors of the
several camps In San Francisco will
pay a fraternal visit February 22 to
Oakland Camp on the other side of the
bay. The degree teams of Golden Gate
and of Mission camps will accompany
the visitors.
The Woodmen's visiting committee of
this city will pay a fraternal visit to
Richmond Camp February 23. On the
first Tuesday in March it will visit Cal
umet Camp.
Golden Gate Camp received 143 ap
plications for membership during the
"greatest campaign." Mission Camp
received forty-nine and the other
camps have received quite a number.
It is estimated at this time that the
San Francisco camps will add 400 mem
bers to the order as a result of .Head
Consul Falkenburg's visit to this city.
The Choppers' Friendship Club is still
reaching for a membership of 1000 and
If energy and hard work by the mem
bers count for anything that number
of members will be secured. At the
last held meeting eleven eligibles wero
initiated.
A select few of San Francisco Circle
of the Women of Woodcraft a fe\v
evenings since surprised the general
membership in Mission Masonic Hall
by Inviting all to a delicious banquet,
and then the. circle surprised the neigh
bors of San Francisco Camp, which
meets in the same building, by march
ing in a body, headed by the drill team,
to the meeting* place and demanding
admission. The neighbors seized their
axes to repel .what they thought was
an assault, but decided first to send
out an envoy with a rlag of truce.
Upon his report that it was a friendly
visit the neighbors surrendered. Mrs.
J. Welch, on behalf of the circle, in
vited the camp to close without cere
mony and join the circle at its ban
quet. The offer was accepted and in
a short time all were enjoying a feast.
As special guest the circle had Mrs. D.
Oliver Jr., of California Circle, who in
a most welcome guest wherever she
visits. In response to^Mrs. Welch, who
was the toastmistress, there were many
witty remarks. Mrs. Oliver, in a short
speech," said that the neighbors of the
circles are not the "ladies" but the
"women" of Woodcraft, for they are all
engaged in woman's great work, the
elevation of the human race and teach
ing It to protect itself.
After the speechmaking there was an
hour of games and dancing. The affair
was admirably managed by. the com
mittee consisting of Mrs. J. Welch, Mrs.
K. Love, Miss J. Barson, Mrs. J. Spen
cer and M. Eberling.
Pathfinder Camp, located in the
"gumboot district," had an interesting
session last week and after initiatory
work in an old-time cabin, a number
of the merchants of California Camp,
who were present by special imitation,
conferred the famous California degree
upon one candidate who was extremely
anxious to receive it. The work of that
degree impressed him so that he de
clared that he will secure a number
of candidates who shall enjoy it as he
did.
The Valentine party given by Red
wood Circle, W. of W., on the third
Tuesday in February was a very suc
cessful-affair, attended by more than
two hundred persons. Each one who
took part in the dancing was presented
a heart-shaped programme bearing a
sentiment appropriate to the season.
The circle will give an Easter ball in
Golden Gate Hall on the night of
April 9.
Eastern Star.
San Francisco Chapter of the Or
der of the Eastern Star will give the
first party of the new administration
in Steinway Hall on the night of Tues
day, March 1. It is to be a leap year
social and will be conducted under the
rules that govern such in the strict
est sense. Bertha Eugenia Mackrett,
the worthy matron, has appointed the
following named as the committee to
manage the affair under the leap year
rules: Lottie Rothman, Carrie Rob
inson, Clara Nagle, Carrie Mayers.
Vera Mayers, Josephine Walworth.
Lizette "Wetjen, Jennte Coon, Cather
ine Emma Wetjen. Anna B. Williams,
Lucia Lee Newbarth, Anna Maass,
Maude Inwood, Celestlne Delmard and
Karen Michaelson.
Beulah Chapter of South San Fran
cisco will give a leap year narty in
the South San Francisco Opera-house
in the near future and the following
named committee having been ap
pointed to take charge of this func
tion will do all that can be done to
make It a success: Emma Wede
meyer, Geneva Williams, Olivia
Danielson, Adolph Frederick Fit
chen and Albert Danielson. At
the last meeting of this chap
ter there were more than forty in
attendance, which is good for a sub
ordinate almost on the border of ihe
county line. After the business meet
ing there was a social hour, when
there was an informal programme of
entertainment, games and dancing.
Mission Chapter at its first meeting
in February initiated tlfteen candi
dates and received a number of peti
tions. After the work of the evening
there was a banquet in honor of the
newly initiated members and speeches
of the congratulary order in regard to
the progress that this chapter is mak
ing. There were nearly 200 members
of the order present.
The grand matronjnstituted a new
chapter at Winters last week. It has
been named Yosolano.
Harmony Chapter at its last held
meeting after a short business session
e'ntertained the members and visitors
by having a mock trial for breach of
promise, and it was productive of
much amusement.
Native Sons.
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker
reports that Altamont Parlor of Oc
cidental, Sonoma County, is building a
new hall to accommodate its growing
membership; that Sebastopol Parlor,
of the same county, is busy at each
meeting initiating strangers; and that
Bear Parlor has. since he has
"been giving the boys a talking to,"
taken on a spirit of enthusiasm that is
productive of good results.
Grand Second Vice President James
L. Gallagher was engaged last week
paying official visits to the parlors of
his district.
Grand President H. R. McXoble,
Grand Vice President Charles E. Mc-
Laughlin and Grand Inside Sentinel J.
Emmet Hayden have completed the
official visits to the parlors In the
southern part of the State and are
pleased with the condition of the sub
ordinates in that section.
Grand Trustee Judge M. T. Dooling
was in this city last week officially vis
iting the membership of the several
parlors in hi3 district.
The fourteenth anniversary ' ball
given by Alcalde Parlor in Native
Sons' Hall on the second Thursday In
February was, despite the unpleasant
weather, well attended aiwl a very de
lightful affair. The decorations of the
hall were in keeping with the progres
sive soirit of Jhe parlor and were
greatly praised. A good programme
of dances and first-class music were
the features of the evening. The func
tion was directed by Martin J. O'Don
nell, Charles J. Rasmussen, L. E.
Erb, A. Rahwyler, H. A. Haake and
Charles E. Kaenitz, H. A. Haake and
WVN. Youngman. James F. McCaron
was the floor manager and John I.
McNaughton and C. E. Kaentz his as
sociates.
Daughters of Liberty.
At a meeting of California Council of
the Daughters of Liberty on the first
Wednesday, in February, the ninth an
niversary of the institution of the
council was celebrated in the council
hall, which for the occasion 1 had been
most tastefully and patriotically deco
rated. On the center of the banquet
table was an immense cake, lit up with
nine candles. During the repast there
were toasts appropriate to the occasion
and the presentation by Councilor
Miss C. Jorgensen, on behalf of the
council, to Miss Carrie L. Sproul, the
retiring councilor, and at present dep
uty for the council, of a beautiful and
valuable gold and diamond set em
blematic jewel of the order, to desig
nate her rank therein. Miss Sproul, in
accepting the gift, stated that it would
be her aim to work with as much en
thusiasm for the organization in the
future as she had in the past. Thi3
council will initiate a large number of
strangers at its meeting on the evening
of the 24th inst.
The Daughters of Liberty will assist
the local councils of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanics at its
patriotic entertainment to be given in
Native Sons* Hall February 22 in cele
bration of the anniversary of the birth
of George Washington. The programme
will include orchestral selections, an
address by Rev. F. S. Ford; instru
mental selections, Professor Clarkson's
Mandolin Club; contralto solo. Mis3
Logan Kelly; specialties. Miss Ethel
and Arnold Glazer. and a few minutes
with Billy Hynes. Tiien dancing until
midnight.
The Workmen.
Grand Recorder^ Spencer report*
unusual activity in the order in this
State during January in the matter
of reinstatements and the acquisition
of new members. The reinstatement
of members in. the older ages who
had dropped out because of th^
change of rates has been remarkable
and the attendance of members at
lodge meetings in all parts of the ju
risdiction is now larger than it has
been for years. He also reports that
the receipts in the beneficiary branch
are greater than they have ever been
in the history of the order.
The grand recorder visited Los An
geles on February 11, where during
the afternoon he opened a school of
instruction for the recorders and re
ceivers of the lodges in that locality,
in order to instruct them in the new
work of keeping accounts.
The grand recorder will shortly vis
it Fresno to make arrangements for
the next session of the Grand Lodge,
which will meet there April 12.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the D. of
H. will give a hard times party in tha
Red Men's building March 17 and
will on that occasion attempt to sur
pass anything that has heretofore
been given in the name of that order
in this city. This lodge has elected
Milach Bain and Martha G. Lester
delegates to the Grand Lodge. Car
nation Lodse has elected Dora Wi!
klns, and Silver Spray Lodge Maggie
Morrison.
Silver Spray Lodge gave an evening
of entertainment at an open meeting
held February 16, and after Lent it v.iU
give a grand ball. ,
Royal Arcanum.
The visit of Grand Regent Gunzen
dorfer to the councils in Los Angele3
has aroused an unusual activity in the
membership there, as appears from the
results.
The net gain in California during
1903 was 17.7 per cent, the best record
of any jurisdiction in the order.
Angeleno Council of Los Angeles has
been initiating candidates right along
and it expects to carry away the Grand
Council prize banner. Buena Vista
Council, of which the grand resent is
a member, is also striving for the ban
ner, and in view of the fact that for
several years past the banner has been
awarded alternately to north and
south and that this year it is due north
it should come to Buena Vista from the
south. ;-*.••;•
Argonaut Council has organized a
new membership league, which will
work to Increase the membership.
Sitting Past Supreme Regent Joseph
A. Langfltt has been appointed deputy
supreme regent for the session of the
Grand Council that is to meet in Los
Angeles next month. He will be ten
dered a reception on his arrival.
Buena Vista Council initiated a large
class on the evening of February 18.
about twenty. After the ceremony
there was a good programme of enter
tainment under the supervision of Ora
tor G. L. Darling, assisted by the com
mittee on aid to the orator, of which
William V. N. Bay is the chairmafcWITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
The difficult is always attract! vp — not
aew? At least it is true. Certainly the
fact that Lillian Russell had prattled
of a prejudice for the newspaper wo
:i".an added piquancy to my intention tw
interview her. Besides, when should I
ever again get the chance to chat with
the heroine of a cigar label? Poets
may sing her, painters paint, sculptors
mold, and Vet the skeptic may doubt
the charm of loveiy woman. Even she
may be of the chosen whose word goes
»n a cold cream jar and one's stubborn
imagination still- remain untouched. I
have myself continued cold in the pres
ence of the frescoed original of a pou
dre de riz label. But when you get her
who has been canonized on a cigar
wrapper, whose lovely phiz has been
chosen to bejewel the dusk and fra
grant gold of the sacred weed, whose
smile is the last to bless before the in
timate sanctity of a two-bit nirvana
(arc they two bits, Lillian?) — you may
be pretty sure you have the real thing.
For "A woman is only a woman, but a
good ciirar is a smoke."
It was not long before I found myself
enviously inquiring whether she would
rathvr b« the adored of cigarolatry or
the patron saint of a racehorse. Bloat
ed—or rather banted— monopolist, she
is both' She said— but I anticipate.
What persuaded Miss Russell to add
me to her collection of newspaper wo
men I do not know. Possibly what im
pelled me to add her to my gallery of
beauties— business and -a little curios
ity. The affair was even a little dis
appointingly easy. The lions in the
f>ath said "Hoiv-d'ye-do" and showed
me behind scenes to her dressing-room.
Miss Russell herself shouted a cheery
"Come in!" in spite of the feminine
warning of my card. "Why, yes. if you
like," ehe said in response to my re
quest for a chat, and for the following
«*vening it was arranged.
N<5w, there are questions as eminent
ly proper for the interviewer to ask on
fome occasions a? they are sinfully in
appropriate on others. For example, to
neglect to ask the weight of Isadore
Rush, who, when I saw her last year,
had just achieved a laborious and
graceful Flump from 152 to 114 pounds,
would have been sheer cruelty. Con
trarily with Miss Russell, of whom
there is not a handsome ounce too
much— though a few more than of Miss
•Rush — the query would be as obvious
ly maladroit. "Wrinkles, I knew, from
the experience of my fore-sisters, were
taboo. Also grandmammas. Husbands,
too, perhaps! The races were open.
Also art. But we should see.
'"Is she really as handsome as they
«ay?" the artist asked confidentially as
we slipped in at the stage door of the
CJrand Opera-house.
"'Wait and see," I laughed.
"But what do you think?" he per
sisted.
"I'm a newspaper woman — "
"Pshaw — pardon me — **
"Well, If— I hastily whispered— "If
Miss Russell is at all like the glimpse
of her I got last night, she's one of the
most stunningly handsome creatures
I've ever seen — ah, good evening, Miss
Russell."
My confrere's confirmatory gasp as
he took the trunk allotted to him amus
ed but did not amaze me. If Miss Rus
sell is radiant at long range she Is
<Jazz!ins at close range. The night was
brilliant outside, stars sharply a-glit
ter against the clean velvet of the
winter sky; but when the door of the
Kussell dressing-room opened the ef
fect was incandescent by contrast. Such
a pirakness of round cheek and small,
curved ear, thin as a shell! Such red
and rose of lip and palm! Such sheen
of kind gray eyes and white teeth, the
imperial blaze of diamonds, sad flame
hi emeralds, the pale luster of pearls!
Such warm whiteness of neck and
m .shoulder! Such glow and shimmer and
softness of silk and fur and lace! And,
above all. such sunny laughter— that is
.responsible for the only wrinkles that
Miss Russell owns.
She had seated herself In the fullest
claro of the electric lights with which
;h°. little room is studded, the artist
opposite, I at her side. A tiny snift
at my feet set the conversational ball
«i-rolling.
'"That is Mootsie," Miss Russell ex
plained, as a small black and white
face, large eyed and scantily benosed,
made its appearance over my knee on
its v.'ay to my lap. "She doesn't often
♦ake to strangers."
"Now, Hiss Russell — "
"Its true," she laughed.
"It looks as though she had been
Trained to be nice to the interviewer,"
as the little creature, worth its $1000
or so a pound, nestled" contentedly
npainst my furs — "even the female in
rterviewcr." I added slyly.
"Now," Miss Russell laughed, "you
mustn't take me too seriously there.
Some of the newspaper women are
among my best friends. But there are
stupid people among them, as there
3 re among every class — and I've met
a few of them lately. They always be
gin by asking me how I keep the
wrinkles away, and look at me aa
though I were a specimen wriggling
on a pin. I guess I've plenty of time
for wrinkles yet.''
•Tve heard— If I may?— that th»
Christian Scientists claim you as an
example of the salutary effects of their
creed?"
••I do believe in Christian Science,"
Miss Kussell owned frankly. "It's good
cornrnonsense. We think ourselves into
•most of the sickness we have, and why
not think ourselves out of it? Every
one knows that worry ages. The sci
entist refuses to worry. It's good
' ;ommor.fense."
The actress was even then engaged
*in "thinking herself out" of. a cold.
Libe Voltaire, however, she seems to
. believe in "incantations and ointment,"
taking a little phenacetine ftrr the ac
companying headache's sake. It may
•iiave been Christian Science, or sheer.
innle, natural sweetness, but with
every pesky symptom of the grip she
Y/as good humor and self-forgetful
courtesy itself. She went out into the
v.ings later with never a • wrap upon
her bared shoulders, and philosophic
ally declared she "would be better to
morrow, though she was sorry there
v. ~uld l>e a matinte ' as well as the
evening performance."
"Now, you know," she went on coz
lly. "it I were in Sew York I should
just gc up frcr.t and say to the audi
ence, 'awfully sorry I have such a cold
to-night — you know how it is your
self,' " with a grlppy snuffle that
brought tears to my eyes.
"Do it here," I advised.
"I don't know you well enough," Miss
Russell demurred. "You see, they know
me there when I haven't a cold."
"Isn't this bis theater rather uncom
fortable after the little Weber &. Fields
hcruse?"
"That's just it." the actress said. "At
our theater we can lean over and shake
hands with the people in the boxes.
Sometimes do. Why, Peter — "
"You mean Pete — "
"We call him 'Peter,' " — gravely —
"will say, •Hello, Sheriff,' or any other
person he happens to see, and make
a song up about him right on the spot,
under h's very nose. You can't do that
with yc-ur audience half a mile away."
"Mr. Dailey gets no -thinner under it."
"No; and he always has some new
remedy," Miss Russell laughed. She
looked down a little consciously at her
own plump shoulders as ehe added:
"He came in just now to tell me he
had found a sure cure for one's super
fluous self — a sort of rubber band that
you rub all over you."
The shoulders reminded of the sea
green gown that rippled up to them,
and Miss Russell asked: "Do you like
gowns?"
"Even a female reporter — "
"Bosh!" she said; and to the smiling
maid: "Get out the gray dress, Mar
garet."
Margaret obediently exhibited a
dream in gray point de Venise, then
a Redfern creation in winey rose tints,
a white miracle of embroidered silk,
and so on.
"Paris?" I asked.
"Yes."
"But home industry — "
"Style, my dear — "
"They fit as well in New York—"
"Better. It is not that. Look here,"
and Miss Russell's five feet six or so
rose royally before me. "This was de
signed for me by the Sisters of
Paris. Isn't there something — ?"
"There certainly is," I acquiesced
heartily. And there certainly was. The
gown was designed in deep sea
tints, all clear, cool greens, with a
gracile arabesque of strange sea flow
ers and starry-eyed fish, and the cav
ernous grreen of emeralds as garniture,
the whole fitting like the skin of a mer
maiden.
"You go over to Paris for them?"
"No, Worth, Paquin"— I forget the
rest — "all have a model of me. Some
times I can put the dresses right on
•without the slightest alteration. Why,
Mootsie!"
I had been using part of Mootsie as
a tablet and she objected here. "How
did you manage to get Mootsie into the
Pullman?" I asked then.
"Oh. I hadn't any trouble about
that" — Miss Russell's unconsciousness
was all but absolute — "why, the conduc
tor could hardly keep away from her!
Achew! Your nice California weather!"
"How did this happen?" I said.
"Well — it was yesterday," the actress
owned. "It rained, you know. Oh, I
love a rainy day at the races! There's
no one there much, and it's so fresh
and pleasant. I was all over the ground
at Ingleside yesterday. In the hospital
where the little fellows are looked after
when they get hurt, everywhere."
"How did you come out?"
"Oh, I won," she laughed, "to-day,
too, J165."
"You lost on Gloriosa last Saturday."
I said, darkly. I had had what Miss
Russell calls a "straight tip" to the
effect.
"But I won $100 during the day," she
laughed again, after giving due meed
of surprise to my omniscience.
"Do you really know how to bet, I
mean how to choose a good horse? Or
Is it just chance?"
Miss Russell leaned forward earnest
ly and said: "No one can tell, you know.
One follows — I follow — the records of a
horse and usually bet according 1 to
those. But sometimes I bet just be
cause I like the looks of the horse, or
the name of it, and I come out just as
well as the rest."
Newly wise, I venture then: "It is
only another form of speculation?"
"And you have a quicker finish for
your money," the fair speculator main
tained. "If you go in for stocks you
never know where you're going to coma
out. A race settles It right there."
"You're really very fond of racing?"
"It's fascinating." Miss Russell
owned. "If you win you want to bet
again to make more, and if you lose
you want to bet again to make your
loss good. Still, if I lose the first two
races I go lightly. If I win I what we
call 'force my luck' — bet more."
"What was the most you ever won—
If I may?"
"Certainly. Well, I won $6000 once on
Princelet. But that was a 40 to 1 bet.
The most I ever lost was 5400."
"I think you should give me the
'straight tip,' for to-morrow's race," I
suggest. *->v."
"Did you ever bet?"
"A pair of gloves on Fabiola day in
Oakland."
"Isn't that dear?" she laughed. "Well,
I think if you wager a pair of gloves
on Lord Melbourne or My Order to
morrow" (this was for Wednesday)
"you will win them."
I solemnly jotted down the names,
but have not yet looked to see if my
gloves would have 'been safe. Then I
said guiltily: "We haven't talked art at
all.^Miss Russell. Won't you tell me
why Lillian Russell's address has been
Weber and Fields for the last five
years?"
"Mostly because Weber and Fields
spells New York," Miss Russell put it.
"It is not an inordinate passion for
burlesque then?"
"Hardly." the once comic opera
queen demurred. Of course I like
Weber and Fields, they're both the
finest of their kind, but one gets very
little individual opportunity for shin
ing in the burlesque work."
"Why then—?"
"Why then stay in it? Because — "
Miss Russell's smile was at its most
lazily good-tempered here, her atmos
phere of easy well-being at its most
pervasive, her opulent channs most
luxuriously in evidence, "because my
home is New York, because we leave it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY-, FEBRUARY 21, 190 j.
Mists Lillian Russell Says Christian Science Is Common Sense, and Burlesque Suits Her Because It Gives Her Ease.
only for a few weeks, And I'm afraid
because I like a good, easy time.
Shocking, isn't it?"
"One has heard of such cases before.
How long is your New York season?"
"Thirty-five weeks. The rest of the
time we put in In one-night stands in
Cincinnati, Pitt^burg, Philadelphia, and
so on. The remainder of the time we
rest. I go to my own home in Far
Rockaway— it's only twenty-nine min
utes from New York."
"Did you begin in comic opera?" I
asked.
Miss Russell clasped her firm, white
hands— languid, womanly, friendly
hands, they are — and turned . up her
eyes as she replied: "No, I began in
ballads, at Tony Pastor's. It was he
who put me on in comic opera, in an
abridged version of the 'Pirates of
Penzance.' After that I sang in any
number of them, 'Olivette,' 'Blllee Tay
lor,' 'La Grande Duchesse,' etc., indefi
nitely."
"You have heard our local comic op
era?"
"Oh, yes! And you don't get a chorus
anywhere like the Tivoli's in New York,
such fresh, well-trained, fine voices."
Mi3S Russell's blonde head, with its
snowy feathers and lace, nodded much
more vigorously than Is its wont.
"Thank you," I said; "we're all proud
of the Tivoll."
"Mr. Steindorff was my conductor for
five years — splendid fellow!" she con
tinued.
I again subscribed and asked then:
"What role do you like best?"
"La Grande Duchesse," the actress
said with emphasis. And can't you
imagine It?
Her chin lifted with a comically regal
air as she spoke.
"Some day, perhaps, I may go back
to it," she sighed. .
"Your daughter is on the stage?"
"Hardly," laughed her mother. "You
know she's married? Ran away, you
know. And just IS. But it doesn't
make any difference. We go shopping
together, it's 'mommer* this and 'mom
mer' that, just the same as though she
weren't' married. About the stage?
She went on for a week a little while
ago 'with Amelia Bingham in 'Olympe,'
but she decided she had had enough in
a week. Her husband's a fine fellow."
I murmured: "I can't understand how
he could see daughter when 'mamma
was around.' "
"She's very pretty— at least I think
so—" mamma hastily said.
And Margaret nodded an emphatic
"yes" as the call boy called her mis
tress stageward. ■
We watched her then lighting up
the stage with her beauty and big,
warm personality, evidently the idol
of the whole company, and as evident
ly comfortably and vividly interested
in them all. In fact, I have found few
stage folk more simply friendly, fewer
more innocent of "side," less self-con
scious than Miss Russell.
"Well 7 " I asked the artist as we left.
He said: "She's a wonder. I think
she's the most beautiful woman I ever
saw— and I'm going to tell my wife
so!"
THE WEEK PROMISES
MANY GOOD THINGS
AT LOCAL THEATERS
The theatrical outlook for the week
is none of the most brilliant. Yet there
is the wherewithal to amuse if not to
edify very deeply. A large contingent
will be attracted to "The Old Home
stead" at the Columbia Theater, in
which the veteran actor, Denman
Thompson, is to appear to-morrow
evening. The "Old Homestead Quar
tet" is said to be of unusual excellence,
and the play is sure to draw.
. - * * *•-':
The "Wrong Mr. Wright," George
Broadhurst's farcical comedy, will be
given for the first time in stock by the
Alcazar company this week.
* • • i
'Those desirous of the kind of good
time called "howling" cannot do better
than take in the Central's bill this
week, "The King of the Opium Ring."
* • •
"Human Hearts," beginning to-night,
will be the bill of the week at the Cali
fornia Theater. , .
* » • -y-
The new bill at the Grand Opera
house, that begins with a matinee to
morrow afternoon, will be "The Game
Keeper," an Irish comedy.
* * *
t "When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" begins its last week at the TIv
oli to-morrow evening.
* • •
"Roly Poly" is still running merrily
at Fischer's.
* • •
The Orpheum has a promising bill
for the week.
•.••■• I '"'.
A Chinese baby girl in the incubator
is leading lady at the Chutes this week.
NOTES 'ABOUT ACTORS'
AND SOME GOSSIP
OF THEATER WORLD
Those who enjoyed Justin Huntly
McCarthy's pleasant romance "If I
"Were King," as -played by E. H. Soth
ern, will be pleased to learn that the
writer has prepared a new play espe
cially for Mary Mannering. It is said
that the actress hopes to have the
drama In readiness for the first per
formance to b*e given during her forth
coming engagement at the Columbia
Theater.
Richard Mansfield will shortly pro
duce in New York the new play enti
tled "Ivan the Terrible." The actor ex
pects to produce the play during his
Western tour, alternating it with his
other production, "Old Heidelberg."
Mansfield, who is to bring his
massive production of "Old Heidel
berg" here later in the season, early
last year mapped out the present tour,
which is the most extensive he has
ever undertaken. The present itiner
ary embraces 16,000 miles, and though
there are only nine one-night stands,
the larger cities only being privileged
to see the distinguished actor and liis
great success, he will not finish his
season until the 15th of June. Up to
the first of March only four cities will
have been visited, "Old Heidelberg"
enjoying long runs in New York, Chi
cago, Boston and Philadelphia. Then
he visits the South, New Orleans, the
Middle West and the Pacific Coast,
playing San Francisco for the first time
in nine years. Although more than 100
people appear in "Old Heidelberg,"
Mansfield employs no local supers. The
great number of people is largely made
up of a chorus of men, his numerous
working staff to manipulate the heavy
settings and the principal artists of his
company. Every hour of the tour is
now scheduled. Mansfield will live on
his private car; there will be three
sleepers for the company and three
cars for the scenery and baggage.
National Union.
San Francisco Council of the Na
tional Union has removed from the
Red Men's building to the Native Sons'
building, and at its first meeting there,
February 18, three candidates were in
itiated, after which there was a pro
gressive . whist party.
Columbia ( Assembly, Ladies of the
National Union, at its last held session,
which was on a very wet night, had
an attendance of more than forty,mem
bers. There was a business session,
after which the social feature was a
card party, .progressive whist. The
members of this" new. organization are
working actively to make it one of
the most attractive social fraternal as
sociations in this city.
Berkeley Council gave a reception
and muslcale to its members and
friends In I. O. O. F. building in Berke-
ley on February 15, which proved to
be a most delightful function. The At
tendance was large and the programme
of vocal and instrumental music was
most enjoyable. r» ;
EI Dorado Council, after the termi
nation of business on the 16th of Feb
ruary, had a pleasant evening of en
tertainment under the direction of
Speaker Sanders. There was an inter
esting programme of music, songs,
story telling, adventure and specialties
which kept the membersh^p.in good hu
mor for two hours. A collation was.
served
Order of Pendo.
The councils in Los Angeles and vi
cinity are being visited at this time
by Supreme Councilor Tugwell, who
will remain in that locality for two
weeks.
Supreme Secretary Terry has re
turned from his visit In Grants Pass,
Or., where he spent several days in
the interest of the organization.
A new council, called "Home," or
ganized by Deputy E. E. White, was
instituted in this city in A. O. F. Hall
by the supreme officers last week with
a charter list of fifty. The new coun
cil has absorbed the membership of
Enterprise Council.
Berkeley Council of Lorin orr the
evening of February 9 installed its of
ficers for the current term and then
initiated a class of ten strangers. On
the following night Oakland Council
also installed its officers and initiated
twenty applicants for admission. The
latter were secured through the ef
forts of Mrs. Hanavan, an energetic
member of the council.
1 Alameda Council has arranged for
an entertainment on March 1.
The Fraternals.
Oakland Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood at its meeting last week
after business entered upon the first *>l
a series of ten games of progressive
whist. The prizes are a gold watcn for
the. gentleman who is declared the win -
ner and a Ladles' gold watch for the
lady winner.
Columbia Lodge at its last held meet
ing received sis applications, Aurora
Lodge received a like number and Mis
sion Lodge received five.
All the local lodges are actively at
work and each is striving to make a
better record than the other.
Progress Lodge will give a Dolly Var
den party in the assembly hall of the
Red Men's building on Wednesday.
The latest word of symphony matters
is hopeful if peculiar. But symphony
there is to be, which after all i3 the
question. It is doubtful if Herr Scheel
will come this year under the auspices
of the San Francisco Symphony So
ciety, under the business auspices, that
is. There seems to be a large though
friendly disagreement as to the fit and
proper fashion of conducting the af
fairs of the society, that will probably
result in the symphony concerts tak
ing place this year under the manage
ment of "Will E. Greenbaum. Mr. Green
baum has se'veral plans for the hand
ling of the coming season. Most im
portant, it is likely that Mr. Scheel will
be advised to bring with him some
eighteen or twenty men to reinforce
the local orchestra. For the consequent
expense a series of popular concerts,
such as were so genuinely popular some
years ago under Mr. Scheel's leader
ship, will probably be arranged. The
financial difficulty is the only one at
the basis of the symphony troubles.
If such means for obviating this dif
ficulty as the series of popular con
certs could be successfully brought
about, the problem is solved.
The plan Is to make these tributary
concerts popular in programme, to give
them say three evenings in the week,
and to turn the selected concert hall
for the time being into a continental
cafe. It is a scheme presenting fe^r
difficulties and many advantages. One
remembers vividly Mr. Scheel's delight
ful Vienna orchestra at the Midwinter
Fair. With the visiting artists the pro
posed concerts would be of equally at
tractive caliber, morally certain of suc
cess. "We have nothing of the kind
here and it is possible that the fact
that in supporting the popular concerts
the visitor would be giving the most
substantial help to the symphony sea
son would prove no small factor in
the success of the series. It is un
necessary to dwell upon the improve
ment inevitable in the local orchestra
with . the importation of new blood.
We know our weaknesses, and there
Is evident a graceful and sensible de
sire to remedy them. The above plan
carried through would undoubtedly in
sure us a symphony season of a kind
we have hardly dared to hope for, an
earnest of what sure'y will be ours,
in spite of much discouragement, be
fore so many years have gtme.
The musical programme of the com
ing week includes that of the farewell
concert of Donald de V. Graham, that
will take place on Saturday evening
next at Stelnwav Hall. There has been
a very interesting programme or
ranged, in which the following artists,
with Mr. Graham, will take part: Mme.
Camille D'Arvllle. Mrs. M. E. Blanch
ard. Mrs. H. M. Gillig and Nathan
Lands berger.
The engagement of the Scottish Band,
called the "Kilties," begins Tuesday
night, February 23, at the Alhambra
Theater. Concerts will be given every,
night until the end of the week, Sun
day included, and matinees on Wednes
day, Friday, Saturday and Sunday,
when special rates for children will be
made. The following selections will be
played the opening night: Overture,
"Rosamunde," by Schubert; Scotch,
fantasla/'Robert Bruce,' by Boinnseau;
ballet music from "Sylvia," by Delibes;
"Moorish Intermezzo," by Arnold; in
cidental music to "Nell Gwyn," by Ed
ward German; selections from "Prince
of Pilsen" and other popular numbers."
Besides these numbers by the band the
choir of sixteen voices will sing "Annie
Laurie" and other part songs, and the
tenor will sing "The Bonnie Lass o*
Ballochmyle." The Johnstone troupe
will dance the "Reel o' Tulloch, "Irish
Jig" and sword dance. The programme
will be changed at every performance
and a comparison with any band pro
grammes ever given here will result in
a verdict for the Kilties. Prices for
the engagement will be popular.
• The second novelty concert by the
Kopta Quartet and Mrs. Oscar Mans
feldt will be given this afternoon at
Lyric Hall. The novelty for the occa
sion will be a string quartet by God
ard, the brilliant French composer.
Mrs. Birmingham will sing a group of
songs, including compositions by Al
bert Elkus, the young Callfornian
composer, who will'play the accompani
ments. The titles of the Elkus songa
are "The Kmg of Thule" and "AI
Raschid.' The final concert of the first
series of these concerts will be given
on Sunday, March 13, when the Richard
Strauss Piano Quartet will receive its
first production on this coast.
Great Interest is being taken in the
concerts to be given by Harold Bauer,
the pianist, at Lyric Hall on Tuesday
and Thursday nights, March 1 and 3.
and Saturday afternoon, the 5th. Bauer
originally appeared before the public
as a violinist, but always . evinced
great planistic talent One evening
when in his company Paderewski was
so delighted with the wonderful tone —
color and Quality of the young aftlst'a
touch that he strongly advised him to
forsake his career as a violinist and
make a specialty of the piano. Bauer
did so, and the result is now known all
over the world. At his first concert here,
Bauer's programme will include the ~F
sharp minor sonata of Schumann, a
work rarely attempted in public, al
though all pianists know and study it.
Other important numbers will be "The
Fantasia," by Chopin, and Liszt's
"Mephisto 'Waltz." Seats will be on sale
next Saturday morning, February 27,
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, where com
plete programmes for the three recitals
may be obtained.
Order of St. George.
Empress , Victoria Lodge of the
Daughters of St. George will have a
leap year social and dance in its hall
in the Red Men's building on the even
ing of February 30. Mrs. Ethel Flack
has been selected as- chairman of an
able committee that has been appoint
ed to look after the details of this af
fair. Many of the members of the
lodges of the Sons of St. Geor*e have
signified their Intention to be present.
1920
Blessed "be the Lenten days — the
>xray days — for they shall be filled with
peace — and incidentally with a re
•Kumption of normal living. The hearth
that hath but seldom seen its mistress
in the passing months will know her
now in her langorous robes of ease,
and husband, babes and friends are
likewise happy. And as for the buds
and belles, the surcease is welcome —
for behold the damaged hats, the limp
chiffons, the dingy frocks — and alas!
alas! the sadly damaged epidermis,
•whence the rose-tint has faded Cand
it's horribly bad form now to reinforce
it from the druggist's).
Thus Lent is more far-reaching than
the religious phase of it would imply.
It brings more than periodical prayer
and penitence and alms-giving — it
brings reflections and retrospections,
and the mental and moral blessings
that are developed by these beneficent
processes.
But think you, O reader, that the
maids and matrons of the smart set
will follow a monkish mode of living
through the whole forty days of
Lent? Ah! no; there are to be quiet
little luncheons — no formal invita
tions, of course — just "telephone" af
fairs — teas, bridge parties, bowling
parties, auto excursions and informal
dinners, likewise a few receptions. But
as for dancing parties, there are none
permissible, save the time-honored Mi
careme in mid-Lent.
How, indeed, would the votaries of
bridge relegate their pet diversion to
oblivion for six long weeks? How, in
deed, could Mrs. Moun-tford Wilson.
Mrs. Chauncey Winslov, Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, Mrs. Georse Gibbs, Mrs.
Frank Carolan, Mrs. Hyde-Smith —
among the cleverest at King Ed
ward's game — forsake their delightful
afternoons and evenings? But why
should they? Is it not more in keep
ing with Christian virtue to play
bridge, or euchre, or any old game —
so long as it is honestly played— than
to spend the hours dissecting the char
acters and lives of our dear "friends"?
It is whispered from somewhere —
but of course it lacks confirmation —
that women players do — occasionally
— bolt the s^irne for a wee bit of gos
sip. But that really cannot be — at
least not where the stakes run high!
• • •
■What a week this has been! As for
Monday and Tuesday, there wasn't a
cab in town that was not in com
mission — galloping here and there for
v?d<3ings, luncheons, dinners, teas and
Ota. le grand bal masque — the brilliant
.Mardi Oras that wound up the formal
festivities! Herewith is a calendar of
leading hostesses and events: •
MONDAY.
Mrs. Andrew Welch, luncheon at the
University Club in honor of Miss Flor
eccc Callaghan.
Mrs. Daniel Drysdale, luncheon at the
University Club.
Mrs. M. A. Newell, euchre party in
honor of her sister, Mrs. Edward Rob
inson.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton, card party at
Ft. Dunstan.
Mrs. William Giselman, card party.
Mrs. William Tevis, bridge whist par
ty in honor of Mrs. Harold Sewall of
Bath, Me.
The Gaiety Club, dance at the New
hall home, Miss Margaret Newhall
hestess. .
TUESDAY.
Wedding of Miss Elsa Cook and E. S.
Greenfield.
Wedding of Miss Catherine du Val
and Oli\-er Dibble.
Wedding of Mrs. Helen Walker Tay
and Judge Hensnaw.
Mrs. Gcrritt Lansing Livingston,
luncheon at University Club in honor
of Miss Frances Harris.
Jfrss Grace Nichols and Mrs. South
worth, informal tea in honor of Miss
Charlotte Moulder.
Mrs. Francis T. Sullivan, luncheon in
honor of Mrs. Peter D. Martin.
Miss Eeatrice Fife, large tea,
Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, dinner.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, dinner.
Mr. and Mrs. Newton Rosecrans, din
ner.
Mrs. John I. Sabin, luncheon.
Jlrs. Frances J. Cardan, luncheon at
the Palace.
Leon Bocqueraz, host at dinner at the
Bohemian Club. f
Mrs. George C. Boardman, luncheon
in honor of Mrs. O. J. Salisbury of Salt
l^ake.
Mardi Gras ball.
WEDNESDAY.
Wedding of Miss Marjorie Moore and
Hugh S. Brown, Alameda.
I THURSDAY.
Mrs. Will Sherwood, card party.
FRIDAY.
Mrs. Thomas Morffew, informal "at
nome." t
SATURDAY.
Mrs. Isidor Lowenberg, benefit tea,
under the 'auspices of the Red Cross
LENTEN PASTIMES
SMART SET
Society, in aid of the clubhouse for
naval cadets at Vallejo.
Miss Palmenteer, luncheon in Palm
Garden.
Affairs on the cards for next week are
rather scant. Among them are:
Colonial reception to be given to-mor
row night by the Women's Press Asso
ciation at Century Hall.
Friday night— Mrs. Joseph M. Mas
ten, reception at Century HalL
The luncheon of Mrs. Andrew Welsh
was in accord with all the affairs she
has given since becoming a matron.
The decorations were of daffodils, pro
phetic blossoms of spring, and symbolic
of the engagement which the hostess
thus honored. The guest of honor, Miss
Florence Callaghan, will at the end of
Lent, become the bride of Vincent de
Laveaga. The following guests were
present: Miss Florence Callaghan, Miss
Stella Fortman, Miss Anita Meyer,
Mrs. Eugene Lent, Miss Olga Atherton,
Miss Agnes Clinton, Miss Alice Butter,
Miss Mabel Hogg, Miss Alice Poorman,
Miss E'.hel McCormick, Miss Helen
Pettigrew, Miss Alice Sullivan, Miss
Norma Castle and Miss Josephine Ce
brian, Mrs. Welch's cousin, who has re
cently arrived from Paris.
Mrs. Daniel Drysdale's luncheon was
a very pretty affair, covers being laid
for twenty-five guests. Dainty field
flowers, fresh wit#i dew', were used
upon the table with charming effect.
Mrs. M. A. Newell's euchre party in
honor of her sister, Mrs. Edward Robin-
Bon (who has recently returned from
the Philippines), was a very delightful
affair. The following guests played:
Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Mrs. E. A. Crowell,
Mrs. John S. Merrill, Mrs. Charles Far
quharson, Mrs. Harry Bates, Mrs. Fred
Knight, Mrs. Herbert E. Law, Mrs. J.
Dennis Arnold, Mrs. Bush Finnell, Mrs.
Frank DIckson, Mrs. William Hamilton,
Mrs. Henry Sartori, Miss Anita Good
win. Mrs. Seiz, Miss Edith Bull, Miss
Marie Bull and Miss Kathleen Bull.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton's card party
was a very smart affair. In a minia
ture forest of palms the following la
dies juggled with the mysteries- of
seven-handed euchre:
Mrs. Charles Kindleberger, Miss Gen
evieve Huntsman, Miss Huntsman,
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson, Mrs.
Wakefield Baker, Mrs. Henry Clarence
Broeden, Mrs. William Lindsay Spen
cer, Mrs. Thomas Darragh, Mrs. Gerrit
Livingston Lansing. Mrs. Burns Mac
donald. Mrs. J. Parker Currier, Mrs.
Hilda Macdonald Baxter, Mrs. William
J. Dutton, Mrs. Stafford Parker, Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. John Rog
ers Clark. Miss Bessie Cole, Miss Ida
Gibbons, Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss
Agnes Buchanan, Miss Alice Sprague
and Miss Stella Kane.
The scoring was attended to by the
three first named ladlci.
Mrs. William Giselman entertained
many friends at progressive euchre in
a very delightful manner, Mrs. William
Langc, Mrs. Hoefler, Miss Charlotte
Russell and Miss Nora Oliver assisting
the hostess by- scoring.
Mrs. William S. Tevis presented her
guest, Mrs. Harold Sewall of Maine, to
many friends on Monday, when an in
formal game of bridge whist was
played by the following ladies:
Mrs. William G. Irwin, Mrs. Norman
McLaren, Mrs. Horace Blanchard
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
Chase, Mrs. James Robinson, Mrs. Wil
liam Hinckley Taylor, Mrs. Pacheco,
Mrs. Gordon Blandlng, Mrs. Mountfo.rd
Wilson, Mrs. John Parrott, Mrs. Joseph
Donohoe, Mrs. George Boyd, Mrs. Peter
Martin, Mrs. Francis Carolan, Mrs.
Chauncey Winslow, Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels, Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mrs. J.
Athearn Folger and Mrs. James Otis.
v Thus was Monday a busy day, and it
was fittingly ended by the Gaiety Club
dance at the home of Miss Margaret
Newhall.
The cotillon was led by the captivat
ing John Young and' William Golds
borough, and right cleverly did they
perform their arduous, duties. The
following young folk danced to the say
music: Miss Christine Pomeroy, ' Miss
Helen Chesebrough, Miss Olga Ather
ton, Miss Stella TtfcCalla, Miss Lutle"
Collier, Miss Newell Drown, Miss Eliz
abeth Allen, Miss Cora Smedberg, MIS3
Ruth McNutt, Miss Linda Cadwallader,
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Genevleve
King, Miss Lucy Gwln Coleman, Miss
Emily Carolan, Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ington. Miss Isabel Kittle, Miss Frances
Howard. Miss Elsie Tallant, Wilber
force Williams, Robert M. , Eyre, Percy
King, Allen Kittle, Gerald Rathborie,
Three Charming Society Women Who Will Entertain Informally During the Lenten Season.
Will Page, W. -B. Collier Jr., Wharton
Thurston, Aimer .Newhall, Sidney
Salisbury, Athole McBean. Sidney
Pringle, Brockway Ha'rry
Stetson, Gaston Roiissy, Prescott Scott
and others. Let it be known that the
lucky chaps herein recorded were bal
loted upon by the club before invita
tions could be extended them.' Lucky
chaps? Rather!- H&gj
The nuptials of 'Mrs". Tay and Judge
Henshaw were marked by ■ extreme
simplicity, the bride, being wedded in
a traveling gown—an exquisite affair,
by the way— and plighting her troth
without attendants.
Judge. McFarland, the associate *of
Judge Henshaw, performed - the cere
mony. . .
; Soon after the exchange of greetings,
the jurist :< and his beautiful bride left
for the southland.
Tuesday was "my busy day"— war
correspondence was a mere bagatelle
as compared 'to duties set forme by
the smart set on Tuesday. First on
the day's social programme were three
noon weddings, the Greenfield-Cook af
fair, the nuptials of Mrs. Helen-Walker
Tay and Judge Henshaw arid the Dib
ble-Du Val wedding. Mrs. Greenfield,
always .stunning, made a fascinating
bride in her nuptial robe of chiffon
cloth arid her misty veil. She was at
tended by Miss Helen ' Cook as maid
of. honor, who wore a fetching frock
of white voile, and by Miss Mara quita
Kirby and Miss Bessie Gowan as
bridesmaids, each in a pretty clinging
frock, with white lace hats, bearing
green leaves. ,
Mr. Greenfield was attended by J. C.
Beedy, while Prescott Scott and Aid
rich Barton served as ushers. •
After the wedding ceremony the
young people left for the south for a
At St. Mary's Cathedral the third of
the trio of weddings took place, when
Miss Catherine du Val became the
bride of Oliver Dibble, the Rev. Father
Prendergrast, vicar general of the dio
cese, performing the ceremony. .
The wedding was an exceptionally
quiet affair, only relatives being pres
ent. The bride forsook the "traditional
white robe and bridal veil for a travel
ing gown of brown broadcloth and a
stunning picture hat. The happy pair
left for a two weeks' post-nuptial trip,
after which they will make their, home
in this city... ,.
Mrs. Gerritt Livingston, Lansing was
hojstess at one of the -prettiest lunch
eons of the season at the ; University
Club, with the popular Miss Frances
Harris as the guest of "honor. >
The .following ladies . were Invited:
Miss Frances Harris, Mrs. Horace Pills
bury, Mrs. H.M. A. Miller, Mrs. Philip
Bowles, Miss Maud O'Connor, Mrs.
Hilda MacDonald Baxter, Mrs. Williard
Wayman, Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton, Mrs. Thomas
Benton Da-rragh. Miss Jane Wilshire,
Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Alice Sullivan,
Miss Florence Bailey, Miss Ethel
Cooper, Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mrs. James
Flood, Miss Laura Farnsworth and
Miss Viva Nicholson.
Miss Beatrice Fife's tea was a func
tion of distinction — albeit, the fair
hostess announced an Informal affair.
However, it was as charming an affair
as "teas" can be-^-which is assuredly
picturesque.
The following young women assist
ed the hostess to receive the guests:
Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Frances Har
ris, Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss Violet Fife,
Miss' Belknap, Miss Mabel Watkins,
Miss Jackson, Miss Florence Cole, Miss
Irene Sabin, Miss Edythe Muir, Mrs.
Redmond Payne, Miss Jane Wilshire,
Mrs. William Rellly, Miss Jessie Fill
more and Mrs. Oscar Lunlng of Oak
land.
At Mrs. John I. , Sabin's luncheon
twelve guests were entertained at a
bewitchingly. decorated table. The fol
lowing ladies were seated about the
board : •
Mrs. J. Parker Currier, Mrs. Arthur
Bernard, Mrs. George Gale, Mrs.""Wil
liam Griffin, Mrs. Clinton E. Worden,
Mrs. James Hamilton Morton, Mrs.
Percy Morgan, Mrs. Cosmo ' Morgan,
Mrs. Hepburn Wilkins, Mrs. Holliday
and Mrs. Redmond Payne.
The Mardi Gras! Who will forget
it— the kaleidoscope of peoples, colors,
lights, and the laughter, the music, the
vibrant" joy that filled the air. Such
lovely women! Such daring women!
Who but. a woman of distinction, of
personality, would — or could — wear
the ballet costume of Miss Hager—
and didn't' she wear it brilliantly?
Then there was Miss Grace Llewellyn
Jones— she who portrayed painting.
Was she not a picture in her lavender
satin gown "and her* palette hat, en
shrouded in lavender tulle?
Then there -was the lovely Miss Polly
Tongue of Portland, Ore., daughter of
Congressman Tongue, now deceased.
A regnant belle in the Northwest and
latterly in "Washington, D. C, Miss
Tongue is possessed of a statuesque
figure which, in her Martha Washing
ton costume, made her one of the con
spicuous figures on the floor.
Who were the "hoosiers" — the wo
men in linen dusters, a few wisps of
hair braided after the style of the
German peasant, and a battered' hat
of the first vintage of "dudes"? Whj?
Look through the A's. and you will
have one, at least. But when she doff
ed her makeup, how radiantly lovely
she was in a white chiffon gown!
Mrs. Lewis Pierce, formerly Aline
Ford, was a pretty creature to contem
plate In her black glitter robe, fitted to
her slender figure. So, too, was Mrs.
Francis Carolan, in her gown of night.
Miss Gertrude Dutton was a fetch-
Ing figure as a nurse. A fellow would
not mind a headache under the witch
ing care of such a Nightingale.
LONDON, Feb. 20. — Mrs. Lucy R.
Weill of San Francisco has arrived in
London to spend some weeks sight
seeing and visiting friends. Although
she will probably remain In Europe
for some months, the programme of
Mrs. Weill's stay la somewhat unde
cided. From London, however, Mrs.
Weill will go direct to Paris. <
ARE AMERICANS 3IORE
ARTISTIC THAX EXGUSH
LONDON, Feb. IS. — "Are Americans
artistic?" is the heading which at
tracts the eye in an evening paper to
day, the query being prompted by the
eagerness of American buyers to se
cure valuable books and manuscripts
from this country, and the prodigious
number of such treasures which In late
years have found a home in the Unite.1
States.
Various explanations, It Is said, are
found In this particular sign of the
times. Many people frankly assert
that the wealthy American looks upon
a rare book in the light of a good in
vestment for his money. Others ac
cuse him of buying it because, it is ex
pensive.
A representative of a famous firm
of antique book sellers which has sent
across the Atlantic more rare vol
umes than anyLody else, has suggest
ed a far different reason. "The sim
ple fact of the matter," he said, "i3
that Americans are more artistic than
the English. They are fonder of beau
tiful things and are prepared to pay
for them. Wl.en an Englishman
grows rich what he first thinks about
buying is an estate and keeping race
horses. The rich American likes to
gather together a collection of beauti
ful books, manuscripts."
EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA
BANISHES HIS BROTHER
VIENNA, Feb. 20.— Archduke Lud
v.ig, the Emperor's brother, and Arch
duke Otto, his nephew, have been tem
porarily banished by the Emperor, who
is incensed at a scandal in which his
brother was Implicated. He drove t;>
the Archduke's palace and reprimanded
him. Ludwig was engaged in a brawl
in a public bath, subsequent police
court proceedings proving the Arch
duke was knocked down by a youth.
The latter was accused of the assault
and acquitted.
The Emperor banished his brother to
Meran, compelling him to resign several
offices. The Arehduke's palace Is for
sale, and obviously, his banishment is
for a long term. Archduke Otto ha3
gone to Ragusca nominally for his
health, but it is reported his devotion
to an actress has aroused the Emperor's
ire and made him unwelcome at court.
The courtship of Archduke Ferdinand
Carl, who was infatuated with Pro
fessor Czuber's daughter, has been In
terrupted by the Emperor. The Arch
duke left Prague to-day for a long tour
abroad. Society is wondering whether
the Archduke ultimately will keep hhs
pledge to marry Fraulein Czuber.
TAMING OF LIONS A
RESPECTABLE VOCATION
PARIS. Feb. 20.— The Supreme Court
of Paris has decided that lion taming
is a respectable occupation and that a
young lady may be fittingly brought
up to the business.
This decision was handed down as
the outcome of an action by Vicomte
de Vesins, from whom his wife, the
daughter of -a millionaire cigar manu
facturer, had obtained a divorce some
years ago, the decree giving her the
custody of the two children.
The Countess took to lion taming,
and the Count applied to the court to
have the custody of a daughter, who
assists her mother in her dangerous
profession, intrusted to him, on the
ground that a menagerie was not a
fitting place for a young lady.
The court, however, thought other
wise, and the young lady will stay with.
her mother and her feline pets.the "V7ea|:he&.6 l^
Forecast made itSu'ttoi
Cisco for thirty hours eadlag
uiOnisrht, February 21:
Saa Francisco aad vicinity—
Cloudy Sunday; probably raia:
'rcrsh southerly •winds.
A. G. LIcADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— XO S3.
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS APPEAR IN THE STRAITS OF KOREA
AND CANNONADING IS HEARD OFF THE COAST OF JAPAN
LONDON, Feb. 20.— Jh dispatch from Tokio, dated to*day, says: "Cannonading was heard this morning of^M peninsula. Three uniden>
tified warships appeared vff Oqujiri and iQutogori to-day, apparently searching for the; cable. The steamship TamdkawaMaru, which has arrived at Shimonoseki, reports she
was followed, seven miles off Fusan, by four warships, and that the chase was 'abandoned near ' Tsushima.' * This - would indicate that the Vladivostok , squadron was trying to
join the Russian ships at Port Arthur. Where the merchantman was chased is near 'the end of Korea, where Japan was supposed to have complete control of the sea.
TEMPEST'S
FURY MAY
RUN SHIPS
AM Leaves Juneau
".Me Teeth of
Big Storm,
Agent ol tie Company in
the Alaskan Port Is
■ Uneasy.
Furious Wind Whirls Around Sky
way and Imperils All the Out
going Vessels in North.
SKAGWAY. Feb. 20. — On the 1st
of the month a. strong wind began
blowing from the north at Skagway
iind Ihe next day the gale raged at
the summit. The wind has not since
and there has been a continu
ous storm raging on the Lynn Canal!
The Alki left Juneau on the after
noon of the ITUi for Skajrway and has
nut been heard from since. While it
is believed thai Bhe< is anchored in
shelter, the .-igcnt of the company is
feeling uneasy about her.
The Ramoua. alter lying at Juneau
for twenty-nine hours on account of
the weather, left there for Skagway at
7 o'clock this morning. The com
panv'a agent Kays that she will un
doubtedly seek shelter and that her
arrival may not be expected until after
the storm abates, regardless of how
long it may continue.
NURSES RESCUE
THE PATIENTS
Fire Breaks Out in a Hospital
in San Bcrnardi >b, Endanger
ing the Lives of the Inmates
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. L'0.— Fire
broke out in the County Hospital this
afternoon, spread quickly through the
ward3 on the upper floor and endan
gered the lives of a number of pa
tients. The nurses succeeded in remov
ing all the Inmates and endeavored to
control the flames with the fire appa
ratus in the building, but could
make no headway against it until the
department arrived from the city. The
water pressure was so light that the
firemen could not save the upper por
tion of the building. The third floor
nas destroyed and the roof fell in. The
lower floors suffered only from water.
The patients were scattered about
the grounds at nightfall, but tents were
secured and mads habitable as rapidly
as possible. There were, about eighty
patients in the hospital. The damage
does not exceed $6000, but it will re
quire a number of weeks to repair it.
YUKON" OFFICIALS TO STOP
AI.L HYDRAULIC MIXING
Council Passes an Order Providing
Tlmt in Future 5Iinfns Operations
Be Under I'laccr Rules.
VANCOUVER, B. C. f Feb. 20.—
There will be no more hydraulic min
ing leases i:a the .Yukon/ An order
in the Council has just been passed
rescinding the regulations for the dis
posal of mining locations in the Yukon
Territory worked by hydraulic .mining
processes. These regulations were
adopted by an order in Council of De
cember, 189S, and amended at dif
ferent times by subsequent orders. All
these orders are now rescinded and
mining v.ill be carried on in the Yukon
under placer mining regulations.
Looses v.hich hr.ve been granted under,
these regulations are not interfered
v. iUi, altho'JKh a number of parlies are
in danger of having their locations
canceled through non-compliance with
the oWiigations they have undertaken.
The lact that the regulations have
been rescinded- would go to show that
ihose who hold leases under these will
be e>:j»ectcd to fulilll ihe duties im
posed upon them.
Submits Report <ni Drcjfus Case.
PARIS. Feb. 20. — J.I. Boire, reporter
for the Court of Cassation, submitted
hfs roprl on the Dreyfus case to-day.
Tho. court will lake Jt up next week
rind it is expected will complete its
examination early in Marcb
The San Francisco Call.
JAPANESE ARMY. ENTERING PIXGYAXG, IX NORTHERN KOREA, NEA11 WHICH TOWN THE FIRST GREAT LAND BATTliE' OF THE WAR IS EXPECTED TO TAKE PLACE.
"God Is With Us," Writes Kaiser in
Message of Sympathy to
Czar Nicholas.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. . CO'— The
Czar, according to those /who' have ac
cess to his presence, feels keenly th<;
outbreak of hostilities' and sorrows at
the expense the war' entails. . Since the
news of the bombardment of Port Ar
thur he has been occupied with confer
ences, and has appeared In public only
on one or two occasions to review the
departing troops or to show himself at
a window of the Winter Palace to ac
cept patriotic demonstrations.
Persons who have seen the Czar say
he is looking sad and careworn, and
that his well-known kindness of heart
causes him to feel acutely the loss of
his brave men. His sole recreation now
consists of a morning saunter in the
garden adjoining .the palace. The
ground is covered with snow, but still
he walks about, invariably accompa
nied by five dogs, which are trained to
march In single file. behind him. ,'The
Czar selected one of the. dogs to head
the procession.
When the Czar addressed some troops
a few days ago and admonished them
in these words, "Remember, your (en
emy is brave, bold and cunning/' he
could not disguise his emotion and his
voice shook very much. He # is .grieved
over what he considers to be the
treacherous conduct of the Japanese.
SYMPATHIZERS OF CZAR. -
It is known that the Czar has re
ceived at least three, personal letters
from European sovereigns expressing
their sympathy. They are Emperor
William. King Chris.tian . of Denmark
and King Oscar of Sweden and Nor
way. ' • *
The letter from Emperor. William
was brought by the commander of the
Alexandria III Regiment of Prussian
Grenadiers, of which the * Czar. is. ,
honorary colonel, and concluded .'with
the significant words:' "God'is with us."
The epistle from. the Czar's august
grandfather. King Christian^ is said' to
be more than an ordinary.^exchange
between close relatives, and the . mis
sive from King Oscar is of the.friend
liest character and contains the warm
est assurances for Russia in' her '.hour
of trial and for the Czar personally.
MOVEMENT OF TROOPS.
Miiitary activity is proceeding on !
an average scale and all is in readiness
for the mobilization of the entire Rus
sian army, should that become'.neces
sary. In a fortnight 100,000 additional
troops will be in- Manchuria/ 1 Three
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, : . SUNDAY." EFBRUARX .21, .1904^PAGES-23:. TO -132.:
; army corps , of Siberian Rifles have
already been organized and a fourth
soon will be completed. There is also
a brigade, of Cossacic artillery, armed
with excellent mountain guns. . .
Although the Japanese seem to be
making Port; Arthur one <3f tlieir main
objectives, military, men here do not.
believe '• that" they will be' able' to ef
fect and., hold . a ; landing .there.' . Trie
entire country is strongly held by a
I division of Cossacks, which were quiet
ly moved to the Far East from the
Caucasus some time ago. Other Cos
sacks- are under, orders to join their
comrades. The Russian . army will
have a distinctly Cossack appearance.
SOLDIERS WELL "TREATED!;
Stories of privation suffered by the
soldiers on the military trains going
to the East, are grossly exaggerated.
Covered freight trucks have 'been con
vertedinto really comfortabio cars for
the men. -The'; sides, are . lined with
felt, the windows have been cut, stoves
set upland the movable'shelves used
for sleeping are removed in. the day
time. Each car 'can carry forty men,
but only thirty-six are taken. Each
man is allowed- three-quarters of a
pound ; of hot ~beef daily,- , besides the
regular rations supplied from the spe
cial kitchen cars.
The' Viedomosti publishes an edi
torial article on the pride shown in
Great; Britain and the United States'
in their. pro T Japanese sympathies and
asks what, these will ultimately cost
the cultured west. Answering this
question, the, paper, says: ■-.:'
-.- "Aside from the .yellow peril it is
hopeless- blindness to not see that Rus
sia, stands as| a barrier jbetween the
rising power: or Asia. and other Euro-;
peans and, to -desire that this \ barrier
be. swept away is absolute inbecility.
It is,- claimed; thac. Japan, represents
civilization. .The'same thing-wag, said
in 1S66 jabout Prussia,. and. it was not
suspected that the success of Prussian
arms. .Would" be a continual source, of
alarm, which only; ended .when the
Franco-Russian alliance re-established
the political balance of Europe.
DlPLOMACTS^j VERSUS WAR.
"One'may bow down to the' cultured
advance of Japan, but -it brings J to
western, nations [the idea of endless
wars. -The east is "now. an area of Eu
ropean competition. ; .What 'China will
do in a week' or. in- months^ ' when her,
\var "position .is "more :clearly defined
and, her neutrality,, guaranteed b'yTtKe
powers on 'the American i-ccciijt. is
RUSSIA LOSES
FAITH IN HER
PRESENT ALLY
ROME, Fcb.| 20.—-FromJof
ffleiiil': quarters it is
1 learned -that " tlic Czar is
skepticarof.'Frencli sup
port, and. is bringing all his in
fluence to bear to align Ger
many, actively Tilth Russia in
the event- of a general . disaster
to the Muscovite ! arms hi the
Far East. -The basis on which
the Czar is striyln's.tu build this
arrangement is # t he theory that
Russia and Germany are equally
restricted and injured by. Brit
ain's imperial prctehsions.\. ..-'
Barrere, the French Embas
sa'Uor here',' is : insistins: that
President Lou bet adhere to his
intention of visiting' Rome,' de
spite the Czar's- embarrassment
In the Far East., He points out
to the Paris, officials that '"■ tho
Czar and' the Kaiser arc drawing
together : and "that '. France 'will
do well . to foster . good', relations
with Italy/ yOi^d.^r^toorfjtMs
view, commends itself to-Loubct,
who Is-"' preparing "to; come : to
Rome in Apjril.' It is said lie is
anxious to soothe the suscepti
bilities of the .Italians and that
he will, not visittbc Vatican.
one of those : fictions' which Europe is
so used to paying for with a most ex
pensive .armed', peace.-. Russian vic
tories . will protect" the west from the
horrors- America is. trying to keep off
by diplomacy. , For Russia this heavy
cross is its victory.'-' • ; ■■■'•■-
The report that. Count Cassini. Rus
sian Embassador. to. Washington, is-to
be recalled is absolutely unwarranted.
-It is'uriderstbod that the Russians
taken prisoners- in'; the Chemulpo.bat
tle will, be brought liomc/ . These men
will henceforth be "non-combatants. %%
CONDITIONS AS THEY ';\\
tVRE TO-DAY IN PORT;
STllONGHOLD
,.TlK^O\y. Feb.- 2p.— By. means .of ,a
special permit -obtained from *• Major
General Pflug, Viceroy ■ A'lexieff's. chief
of '"staff, ' a newspaper 'correspondent
Continued' on 'Pasc' - J, . Column 5.
Russian Scouting Parties Penetrate
Far Into the Interior of the
Korean Empire.
Special Cablegram "to Tlie".' Call and <Xew York Herald. 'Copyright, 190-1, by
' '■ ' the Xoir York ..-Herald Publishing Company.
SEOUL,' Feb*. 20.'— Two Russian scout- j
ing parties- were seen ;to-day close to
Anju, nearlv 100 miles south of ,Wiju. ,
. TOKIO, Feb. 20.— Three hiind.red Rus
sian scouts, reconhoitered yesterQay in
Wiju and vicinity. They crossed the
Tal.u River,: entered .'.the town and;
scouted through' the surrounding coun
try. They then recrossed the river and
rejoined their main .force.
| CHEFU;'.' Feb.. 20i— A -British . steam
ship has left Weihaiwei for Korea, car
rying manv of fleers,, who are. going to
witness the military, operations. It i$
reported that all is quiet in Kwantung '
Peninsula except for the arrival, of a
large number-- of troops and: convicts
who,' before the : hostilities began- at
Port Arthur, were released so that they
might join the fight|ng force's; Neutral
warships are arriving at; Chef u, daily
to watch, the-outcome of the hostilities.
The Ycnisei'had.laid 3S9,rnines i.n the !
harbor of Dalny and was blown up by
the 300th. "All of the mines have been
blown out to sea by storms. ' The cruis- j
cr Boyarin,' which, like the, Yenisei; ac
cidentally, struck-' a mine, is a. total
wreck.*; . .."'.. • . . * '*„•' •', . . .. . ' i
I ST. PETERSBt'RGV^Fcb. 2O. : r General
Kuropatkin has been ..relieveM. of his
functions as Mihiste'r'df^Wkr^and'has "■
been appointed commander," in chief of
the Russian 1 F.ar East army;' ' "/ '
A late. dispatch from Port'AVthur an
nounces that by order of >*iQero i: Ales
ieff, an Irregular,-. volunteer i force- "is
being raised . to deferid: the'fbrtrefes. The
men will be provided' by-the state with
arms,' rations and 'the" 'necessary
clothing. It is beiieve'dV the .dispatch
added, that Japan regards . foodstuffs
consigned to Port' Arthur as absolute
contraband -,of ;war,;;and < -tha.t» she. will
undertake < to . conipeli tlic
of Port Arthur by a f sieged • , '. :
BREST, 'France, j Feb; r20.~The I. tor
pedd-bdat ' destroyers \ A. ; Pfstolet ; and
Gayelin 1 . will 'leave ;licre ■- for - Algiers .on
Wednesday. > to • join the -"destroyers
Fronde 'and' Mous.equel and* the cruiser
Dassas. All \. the warships ' wi l\ ; .then
proceed to the'Far "East: '" * " . '■ " ; . ; .
:» NEW ■ YORK. }■ Feb: 20.— The' journal
hasjUtic Uonbwing.'irom^^orneK^It'j'ls
reported- here > tHat~ the": Czar 'intends to-
TEE TSEATES3.
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
Matinee To-Bay.
- California — "Enmaa Hearts."
Central — "The Men of Jimtown."
Matinee To-Day.
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Julius Caesar."
rischer's— "Roly-Poly." Matinee
To-Day.
Grand— "Whoop-Dee-Doo."
Orphexun — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
TivoXi — ""Wlien Johnny Comes
Marchinr Home."
proceed: to the -front in the spring, to
take personal command of the army.
REPLY OF THE CZAR
TO SECRETARY HAY'S
NOTE IS SATISFACTORY
PARIS, Feb.. 20.— It is learned that
the Russian . Foreign^ MInis.ter. . Cpurit
Lamsdorff,'. to-day- received from' the
•Washington. Government a communi
cation annbuncing that Russia's reply
was . Considered £ responsive to the
American note. on China* and would be
• transmitted to the Governments of'
China' and Japan." Thi3 favorable re
sponse of Russia to the United States
is highly, gratifying to the ' officials
here, as it counteracts the mischievous
reports to the effect that the Russian
answer was' equivalent to. a rejection.
As a matter of fact 'Russia's reply, i3
practically the" same as those of the
other powers.-recognizing- the neutral
ity of China. with .-the, .exception of
Manchuria.:- The terms of the Russian
reply, are substantially as follows:
Russia wiR be glad to join with the
otherr powers in ithe ,recosrnition of
Chinese neutrality on three conditions:
) First, . that - China shall maintain
neutrality.' ' ;'~ '■''. . : *
Second." that •- Japan - shall loyally
support this- neutrality. ~
Third," that Manchuria, being the
field of military- operations,, shall not
be included. , .
■ The reply • is r quite brief, - not con
taining any language before^' the fore
pro ing three conditions and therintro
ductory sentence. \-^
■. BBRLIN'.v Feb^r- \ 20.-t-The . Foreign
Office .several .days ; ago instructed the
German Ambassador in SL Petersburg
and the" Minister' or in Tokio
to communicate to the Gbvernments
to ■'•■\yhich 'they •* are' accredited Gcr-j
many's adhpfene'e to the principles I
icontaihedjin- Secretary. Hay's note "'on
the neutrality; of China. 'Both powers
gave a scneral that -thesa I
principles were acceptable to them.- *.
American'" Cruisers Sail for Shanghai.
MANIIJA;. Feb., 20.— The United
States protected'' cruisers Cincinnati
and, Albany^'oCCjFJear Admiral Evans'
fleet ' have 'sailed* for. Shanghai.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS
ALBANIANS
AND TURKS
IN BATTLE
Rebels Are Defeated
in a Second En
gagement
Lose Five Hundred Men and
Viators' Casualties
Ark Heavy.
Nations of Enrope Are Anxiously
Watching Hostile Developments
on the Balkan Peginsnla.
SALONICA, Feb. 20.— Another battle
occurred between the insurgent Alban
ians in North Albania and the Turk
ish troops on February IS. The Alban
ians were beaten, losing aOO men killed
or wounded. The Turks also lost heav
ily.
Shemsi Pasha, who was in command
of the Turks at Diavoka. has been su
perseded, owing to the Sultan'a dis
pleasure at his unduly severe treat
ment of the Albanians.
A battalion of troops from Sorovitch
and another from Monastir have left
Salonica.
PARIS, Feb. 20.— Almost with as
close attention as they are giving the
Russo-Japanese war, the French au
thorities are watching events in the
Balkans. From Bulgaria assurances
have been received that doea not
purpose to take any measures to pre
cipitate war, and most of the leaders of
the recent insurrection have indicated
their purpose to see what the reforms
will accomplish before renewing the
rebellion in Macedonia. Moreover, it
is not believed here that the Macedon
ian committee has as much money as
heretofore with which to carry on a
conflict.
Nevertheless it is well understood
that Russia's preoccupation in the Far
East greatly increases the chance for
war in the Balkans. Turkey declares
she proposes to scrupulously carry out
the reforms imposed by the* powers,
but a high Turkish official here to-day
said the attitude of his Government
must necessarily depend on the attitude
of the Macedonians and Bulgarians.
Diplomats here say that- if ever an
opportunity existed for the porte once
for all to end the Macedonian trouble
by striking Bulgaria, which encourages
it, it is now. Despite the firm repre
sentations of Russia she undoubtedly is
willing to engage in a war in Europe
while engaged with Japan in the Far
East, and Turkey is expected to adopt
a firmer tone in dealing with the Mace
donian question.* The powers, it is an
nounced authoritatively, are still work
ing harmoniously together and they are
all making representations to Turkey
and Bulsaria on the folly of coins to
war. Certainly neither will profit
thereby.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— A. G. Hale,
a correspondent of the London Daily
News, who reached this port to-day on
the Cedric, has just returned from the
Balkans. Hale says the Bulgarians
have 300,000 of the finest trained
troops in the world and they are only
waiting until Russia gets her soldiers
away from the frontier when they will
pour into Turkey and attempt to lib
erate Macedonia.
• E. A. Magnifice, United States Con
sul at Smyrna, arrived here to-day on
the Campania. The political situation
in the Balkans will be interesting next
summer, he said
"Now that Russia is engaged. Tur
key will take steps to keep Bulgaria
from taking Macedonia." he con
tinued. "Just before I left a brigand
named Tsakiga had been making
trouble. Summoned by the authorities
to give himself up he refused and
killed thirty-five Albanians. who were
sent to take him."
EMPEROR WILLIAM DECIDES
TO TAKE A HOLIDAY TRIP
Will Leave Berlin Karly \n March and
Join the Imperial Yacht Hohcn
. zollcrn at M<fikina.
• BERLIN, Feb. 20. — Emperor Wil- /
Ham will start for'the Mediterranean
on Monday, llarch S, joining the im
perial yacht Hohenzollern «U Messina,
Sicily. When the first news of the out
break of the-ivar between Flus^i-.i and
Japan wus communicated to his ilu
jesty he gave up his proposed trip, but.
as the international situation became
calm, he again announced his inten
tion of taking a holiday. The Em
press", health prevents her accompany
ins the Emperor to the Mediterranean.22
'_■■ DR. 'KILMEIl'S; SWAMP-BOOT,-- -: ■ '- v ■ - : ■■;<.•*■- ■?—>.: ■;'.', ;^V : : \- ■■■■•■-■'l--- r ?:;-'.;-.-:..;- <\<:- '::-'■■:..:■. V.--.T ••'■'•: •;- '•
To Prove What SWAMP=R00T Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of
The Call Mayjiave a Sample Bottle FREE*
Convincing Statements Prom People Cured by This AVondlerful
Kidney/ \Ji ver and^Bladder Remedy. %
_ * J .^.,. . v^^^^Jiajiiiliij N"° v# 26» 1905. 2S5^Classon ave., Brooklyn, N. T. ' ".^ '/
«- _ . Mailers* Union, No. 6 USsSSJi^ " +J.*, ;-> - '-Ms
Wh«?n I bejran taking Swarr>p-Root I was very 111 and had a severe pain _ _ , ", i,_ .^jj.,,^, —. i itv .. v ■ „ -U | ?®^L:?^i?+*fi » • ' A y /i
In my back. Swamp-Root was recomn>«ndecl to me. Two bottles relieved ~* x %** !^^w^^P^^^^J^^^^^^|iw-"-'''jM J*'-'jTk* t- F^r L* * *
the pain, and three bottles cured me and made me strong: and well again. £■/ . --^^^s|^^^^^|« (j&tyf *J*far* /sl^%^ J &t'P\
* * Member Journeymen Blacksmith's UnlorH ii2'^?*^HH^^^^^ % '^^Wl*aBB3B$ - J Assistant Foreman "Nassau New*
■SSr.S'»iSSJJ3SS: J ; r^ : --|ttpgg«p| W^^^^^^m afiS^IISsS ■S^ I s^p!U..^:^
/- — s/» /> /• ' ■- P^^S^^KBPe^^^T^^^ La^^^a^'^^^^-l^^ffl^^sSa relieved me of grrftt pain In the back; a bottle. One bottle did me so^
P^^^^^^m SS^^"^P^ IS^MFSBC iBl
||?^^'%; :^ti 1 Why Swamp=Root Qives Strength"| —
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows wherethrough neglect or 'other causes kidney trouble Is
'WS^SW^^-^^^^^^^^^^ that the effects of ***? kir3d of - evere Physical strain are permitted to continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
vtm^^MTffis^ifi^ ■;-; fal&iliisiii felt, first of all, in the small of the back — In other words, . _ ' ■ _ ' ' ..
WM&L Wl r #| , * n m , w ' in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys. This is as true in Swamr>Root Strengthens the Ktdneys, and
|HHQ&^^ : J^^S^^ Gentlemen: I wiihto^lay 1 ' a .few the case cf the very powerful man as it is with one of through them helps all the other organs. When this
W^^^^^kS^^^^^^^^^^, words about Swamp-Root, it has less strength, and it is especially true whenever the kid- Wonderful Discovery can put the human body into con-
Bgs^BS£^g«^ > b.^^^#gBg«^£^>-^ done me a great dea.1 of good, and n » w - „.- ■ n /<.ol f .
JBjra^^^^ s^r;^^^TC^ffi save me strength and made me well il " J3 ac . _ . . dition to stand hard work and tremendous strain it is easy to/
r'^^^V^S^&^^^^Ss £ patI h The p *} n } w a f 1^ my * back Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more understand how it has cured thousands in the more ordN
|gaia^«j^^i3B^sllig^g^3^^l has disappeared. I had kidney trou- . , , „ . J ., ., ,~ ,, . , , . .. - ,.;-
IWwHmfOrt^M^^^^^F^^E ble - Two bottles of Swamp-Root did sickness and suffering than any other disease; therefore, nary and less strenuous walks 01 life. . < .. .
[ '''^^^^^B^^^^Awi^^^^S me so rauch S ood that x did not 'fin- , . _ . .
11-™^™™————- tsh the third bottle. . .. . Swamp-Root is : pleasant to take, and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
br. Kilmer & Co. , i mended by physicians in their private practice, and" is takenby doctors themselves
Binghamton, *N. Y. 7/4/ft^!iL^>**««*<» because they recognize in Swamp- Root the greatest and most successful remedy that
Gentlemen I had / **^^ ■ . /%£/? science has ever been able to discover or compound.
been annoyed with , A *> fix? ma^ er now i^any doctors you have tried, no • matter how much money you
'kidney and bladder >7 S(^ *^r may have.spent on other medicines, you really owe it to yourself and.to your family to
troubles for several / at least give Swamp- Root a trial.. Mts strongest friends to-day are those who had almost
years. About three Mailers* union no. •. given up-hope 'of ever-becoming well again. . '
months ago I tried . ■ ,
your Swamp-Root and „. r , fM ._, „„,.,.,_ v
* r ZS6 Gates ave., Broolclyn, N. T., • ■ ~ . . ■—. „ ■ _
IKrViiSIf "S:..* vzMMm^Mi Sample Bottle Will Be Sent Free by. Mail.
three bottl«S and am L n^^ m fL tIon V m e t>, bll^ d of r * w W^ h EDITORIAL NOTICE.— Swamp-Root is the new discovery, of the eminent kidney and bladder spedal-
p n + i tpI v rnrPri SS. b#S Ahviieiiii After t«Wnr ist, and is used in the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private practice, and taken by doc-
entireiy CUrea. lyn^ best^p h^ jritellaM^^After^taklng to ; sthemseh . es/bccauscthc^ rec^ n i 2cin^^ rcmedythat has ever been dis-
0 yy y jfr ~ nave no doubt it saved my life. covered. . • ; / •;.
A /Kls^-y^f^ Jy^"— ■" I'. So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing cases that to proire its won-
s^- ' 'f*^" r * r '^'i'z/*C& r^^ .derful merits you may have a saniple bottle and' a book 6f valuablcinformation, -both sent absolutely free by
tr /p £)2r>-/2 -r—\--n—T mail. The book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
Jamaica. Ave^ QJT *2^.' 1 /^20>1SP7'ts:r ~*^ women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known that our readers are advised to send
Plrancial StcreuS°BroSeVhwd of P ' * f° r a .sample bbftle. In- writing to' Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., b< tsurc and say that you read this
pS^S^TSSSw^S^dS^ generous offer in the. San Francisco Sunday Call. This offer is guaranteed. DbnH make any but re-
tore of America. Local 1085, Richmond Hatters' Union- at North America, member the name Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on every bot-
'BI1L L. L • Liocal No. 7. tie. For sale at all drug stores—^Fifty Cents and One Dollar. ' •
E. L. Littleton's Sudden Death.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 20.— Edwin L. Lit
tleton of Sacramento died suddenly
la>:t evening 1 at the home of his sister.
Miss Mary M. Littleton, 909 Buena
Vista avenue, from a stroke of apo
plexy. He was a native of Iowa, aged
49 years, and was the husband of
Florence Kelly Littleton and brother
o" W. D. Littleton, the local manager
of Wells. Fargro & Co. He was on a
visit to relatives here when stricken.
His remains will be forwarded to Sac
ramento for interment.
The Itch Fiend
That is Salt xUieum or Eczema,— one cf
the outward manifestations of scrofula.
- It comes fn itching, burning, oozing, dry-
ing, and scaling patches, on the face, head,
hands, legs or body, v
■ It cannot be cured by outward applica-
tions,— the, blood must be rid of the im-
purity to which it Is due.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Has cured the most persistent and difficult
cases. Accept no substitute for Hood's ;ac
tfiibstitute acts like it. "
LEARNS DEED
IS A FORGERY
Intending Investor in; Mexican
Lands Makes an Important
Discovery in Nick of Time
Special Dispatch to The Call,
FRESNO, Feb. 20.— A deed to a
large tract cf land in Mexico on which
Dr. G. C. Long of this city had se
cured an option w-s discovered to-day
to be a forced document over which
trouble occurred here fifteen years ago.
A-"B. Atwell, who claimed to have
bsen at one time Sheriff of Alameda
County and who was for many years
a prominent resident of Fresno, died
about three years ago, leaving to his
wife a deed to the". Mexican property.
The land was described as situated
forty miles east of Gnaymas, between
the Matape and Dolores rivers. The
deed was made out In'lS96 for a trans
fer of the land to Atwell from J uan
THE SAN FRANCISCO „ CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
Victor Castro and Jose Martinez for a
consideration of $10,000. Atwsll always
said there had been.no money paid, on
the land, but thajt' the deed "had boon
given to him because of favors hfe'had
done Castro and Martinez while Sher
iff of Alameda. ' .'
Dr. Long attended Atwell "during his
last illness, and . after, his death nego
tiated with Mrs. Atweir for the 'land,
she' always believing her husband's
story of owning it. Long agreed to pay
520,000 for it. He hired a real estate
firm t6 examine thf land, and -J.' Wil
bur Cate: expected' to leave to-morrow
for Mexico. In a casual conversation
to-day Wilbur mentioned that he was
going to Mexico on the land deal, arid
a friend, whose 'name he will not dis
close, tg>ld him the deed was a- forgery.
Tff prove what he said, Wilbur's
friend showed him' that Atwell had at
tempted to sell' the property fifteen
years ago to local capitalists, and that
they had discovered the 'deed' -was a
forgery. They spent about J2000-look
ing into the matter at that' time. A
letter from the Mexican authorities at
Guaymas states t that the deed :■ is a
forgery. • ~ ■■-.'. -
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20.— Urlaln Osborn, an in
rane oatlent who escaped from the • asylum
at'Agnew yesterday, was returned to-day to
that Institution, ..Osborn-.baving. been captured
in front of the courthouse here..
WOMEN FLEE
FROM SAVAGES
Uprising of the Yaquis in
the Northern Part of* Mexi
co Causes Great Excitement
Special Dispatch* to The Call.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, Feb. 20.—
Alarming ; reports from many sections
of the districts of Ures and Guaymas
indicate that the Yaqui Indians are
taking to the warpath and that a gen
eral uprising. is probable.
The military, authorities have just
been advised of an assault by;a roving
band of savages in the vicinity of Con
centracion. on the Yaqui River. San
doval* Flores,-his two'sons and a;Mex
ican driver were all mercilessly' shot
down by the Yaquis, who later at
tacked the neighboring .towns, of .La
Dura, Sagui Grand and El Realto, but
were repulsed' by.-; citizens^ while i the
women andchildren fled to Concentra
cion for safety.
Troops have been dispatched to the
scene of the trouble, but the place is a
hundred miles from the railroad and
the Indians may commit new,depre
dations before the band can be
broken up. -
Near Represo,- on San Carlos Bay,
Ca^tain^J. M. .Maytorena and a force
of volunteer, trbbps engaged a band of
Indians and met with defeat, losing
several wounded, but none killed.
This party has been reinforced and Is
pursuing the samg band in the Santa
Ursula Mountains,* which has always
been -a Yaqui stronghold. •
Burning of the , Bement.
Details of the burning at sea of the ship
Clarence S. Bement.' while 'on the passage from
Newport Kews to San • Francisco, reached here
> esterday from Stanley. Falkland Islands, where
Captain Granfand his crew landed after aban
doning their fire enveloped vessel. Smoke was
first observed coming from the hold December
2" when the Bement was. seventy milea to
the northeast of Cape St.- Johns, Staten Island.
The temperature of the holds rapidly Increased
and when' It registered 83 degrees Captain
Grant decided to run for the Falkland Islands.
Cape Meredith was sighted, but westerly winds
prevented the vessel making Port Edgar. Tha
hatches finally caught- fire and the crew took
to the boats, reaching Fax .Bay on Christmas
day. Before abandoning the. 'ship both" anchors
were. let go in 25 fathoms of water about five
miles east: of Port Edgar. It is, feared, how
ever, that the wreck' will be ol no value. . •
WORK IN SIGHT
FOR PRESIDENT
Nation's Chief May Xot Have
an Opportunity to Enjoy
a Vacation Until Autumn
CONVENTION THE REASON
Desire to' Keep in Touch
With the Party Leaders Is
Likely toT)isturb Some. Plans
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— It.seems
probable that President Roosevelt will
be In Washington during the. heat of
the'Presidential campaign this year in
stead of Oyster Bay, where it has been
supposed he would remain for several
months'.. -The President ha3 made ten
tative arrangements for the summer
and autumn and they include a com
paratively brief sojourn at Oyster Bay.
It is quite certain that the President
himself will not go to Oyster Bay this
year until after the convention. A
few days, perhaps, after the conven
tion, he will go to. his summer home.
He will remain there, according to
present arrangements, for a week or
ten days. It is possible, however, that
he may prolong his sojourn at his
summer home until the middle of Sep
tember, but not longer that that. He
then will return to .Washington and
remain here during the campaign.
Many reasons have induced the Presi
dent not to pass the entire summer and
autumn in Oyster Bay! 'Chief among
them is the necessity that he should
be in close touch with the leaders of
the Republican party. This will be
scarcely possible if he should remain
at Oyster Bay during the campaign.
Facilities of all | kinds in the pretty
Long "Island town, in which is located
the President's summer home, are
limited. Crowds of even moderate pro
portions cannot be accommodated
there, and it Is inconvenient for visit
ors to reach the President even after
they arrive in the village, the Presi
dent's home. Sagamore Hill, being three
miles from the station.
President Roosevelt will go to Oyster
Bay early in November, in order to be
there on- election day. It is quite likely
that he will receive the returns from
the elections there, but this has not yet
been determined definitely. Some time
in the summer or autumn the President
will visit the Louisiana Exposition,
but no time has been. fixed yet for that
visit. '• :
HIGHER WAGES
ARE GRANTED
Two Unions of the Boilermakers
Are Given the
Increase by Their Employers
Two unions of the boilermakers have
obtained an increase of their wages
from $3 15 to $3 60 a day. The majority
of. the men belonging to these unions
are employed at. the Fulton Iron Works.
The raise in wages benefits more than
400 men and boys according to their
several grades.
The men that struck for-hlgher wages
at the Union Iron Worlds also succeed
ed in obtaining a raise in their daily
pay, and as a consequence the strike
was of short duration. The necessity of
the Government vessels on
Vime at these works prompted the man
agement to grant the demand of the
men.
Encouraging reports are being re
ceived daily. at headquarters from the
various labor unions for the formation
of a central labor body in this city.
Labor union bodies, like all other or
ganizations, do not at. all times run
smoothly, and to overcome this friction
it is proposed to start a central body,
taking into its fold the rank and file of
the workingmen. the claim being made
that there is a necessity for such an
organization. •
There is a difference of opinion exist
ing between bodies of painters over. the
half -holiday scheme on Saturdays. One
wing claims that the time is ; extended
to the 1st of | next August, while the
others say it was intended to. take ef
fect on and after the 1st of last Janu
ary.
A disclaimer has been sent out by the
Milk Drivers' Union to the effect that
ii did not advocate- the association
charging a greater price for milk.
The leap year party - given by the
Milliners* and Salesladies' Union at the
Alcazar building was a success. Those
having charge - of the entertainment
were: :
Miss Rose Oneto. Miss Nettle Blel. Miss
Lydla Blel. Mrs. A. F. Buerroann. Miss Ida
Rbbten. Miss Asnea McClure. Miss Mae Mc-
Lennan, Miss Alma .Oneta. Miss Florence
Freltas and Miss Marie Nlgro: floor manager.
Miss Emily Zecher.
The Mil given by Seal Rock Lodge
No. 197, Switchmen of North America,
at Native Sons'' Hall v»as well attended
and proved to be a social success. The
following members of the' union had
charge of the arrangements:
Fred Miller (chairman). F. S. . Lansdon,
George L. Martin, Jbhn Crofton. William Fer
rla, 8am Noll. W.' S.>' nankin. C. Symons, M.
J. Curran. John Kelley. R. T. O'Rourke, \V.
J. Poynez, K. S. Brown, Thomas Riley, C.
Addlniton, R. Emerson, F. Alver*. R. N.
Toster. C. Crew, I* S. Hackett and A. K.
Lane. Floor— C. Hobscn, I>. (X Pankey, H.
EJ William's. J. J. Llnsey. Janws P. Murphy.
E. Alvers, James E. Melipan. B. W. Bryant,
D. Spiers, Ed Horan. F. E. Donfcam. C. E.
Lewis. Georee Elliott. F. II. Fetheroff. H.
Dohman, A. ■ Mulcahy. C. Eyrne and Bert
Waugh.
San Jose Sails for Panama.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship San
Jose, Captain Brown, sailed yesterday for Pan
ama and I way ports with 82 passengers and
2350 tons of cargo. . The cargo included 10OO
tons of flour. 200 tons of lead and 1200 barrels
of wine. The San Jose carried six Chinese
passengers in the cabin and fifty in the steer
ace. She had nineteen European steerage pas
sengers and In the cabin the following named:
T. W. Dwight, F. T. Fox. N. Wolf S. W.
Lloyd. C. Guala. Miss E. Chlttenden, flliss It.
"Whitney.
The Overdue List.
The rate of reinsurance on the ship w. F.
Babcock was reduced yesterday to 12 per cent.
The other- overdues are quoted "as follows-
Theodor, 30 per cent: La Bruyere. 15 per cent-
Robert Rlckmers.. 20 per cent* and General
Mellinet. 10 per cent.
HASTENS HERE
TO JOIN SISTER
Gi'iirnde AU<?n Comes From the
-Xoi-th to Entreat Relative
to Bcturn to Seattle Home
♦
PLEADINGS ARE IX VAIN
J^air Young; Principal in Recent
Scandal on Sound Is Deter
mined to Become' an Actress
Spurninp: the* entreaties of her loving
sister. Miss Clip Allen. - who recently
fled from Seattle/and has been a guest
at the Grand Hotel for several days,
has refused to abandon her plans for
a theatrical career arid stubbornly an
nounces her intention of remaining in
San Francisco. Yesterday's train from
the north brought to this city Miss
Gertrude Allen, an. elder sister of the
fair maiden whose professed love for
one of Seattle's prominent married
business men has started the city on
the sound gossiping merrily. Arriving
here the sister hastened to the Grand
Hotel/ where she was ushered into the
presence of Clio. In the latter's room
the two women entered into a council
that lasted several hours, but failed to
effect the purpose of Miss Gerturde'a
visit here. Clio was appealed to to re
turn to the north, but appeals were of
no avail and finally the elder and wiser
sister abandoned hope of taking Clio
back to Seattle."
WILL BE WITH FRfEXDS.
Later in the day the tw6 wbracn
visited several friends and*hhally an
nounced that Clio would change her
residence to-day from the hotel to the
home of a family acquaintance. Miss
Gertrude Allen is apparently deter
mined that her younger sister shall be
discouraged In her mad infatuation for
Frank H. Kilbourne of Seattle, who
has declared his intention to get a di
vorce and marry her. It is -with this
determined purpose In view that the
elder sister has planned to have Clio
sheltered under the roof of friends of
the family, where their influences may
finally cause her to forget the man with
whom, her name has been so disagree
ably connected and return to her
mother's home in Seattle. .
When Clio left her home, a week ago
Friday, and sought the assistance of
Kilbourne, it was Gertrude who traced
her to a hotel in North Seattle and en
treated the young woman to return.
Kilbourne was present at the time and.
so it is claimed, there was a stormy
scene between him and Gertrude, which
ended In her returning to her Tamily
and telling her relatives of her futile
efforts to persuade Clio to leave Kil
bourne.
CLIO JUST OF AGE. "
Plans to have Kilbourne arrested
came to naught, for the reason that
Clio had just reached her majority and
was in, reality privileged to do as she
pleased^ put 'notwithstanding this fact,
Gertrude decided to keep after her
sister, and when she finally learned of
her departure from Seattle sha. decided
to follow her and did so as soon as she
learned that Clio was in San Francisco.
She arrived here yesterday, full of
hope of inducing Clio to return to the
north, and her disappointment was in
tense when she realized that her sister's
will could not be overcome. It was
then that Gertrude conceived the idea
of placing Clio where Kilbourne could
not visit her. and in this she was suc
cessful, a fact which she telegraphed
to her moth'er last evening. Clio" also
wrote to several of her Seattle friends
that she would not return to her home.
but "was determined to study here for
the e- " --»• After sending these'missives
to the north the two -sisters returned
tc their room in the Grand and denied
themselves to all callers. v
Transport Bnford Saila.
The army transport Buford, ■which was htl&
In the stream awaltins the appointment of s
Quartermaster to take charge of her clerical
department, sailed yesterday for Portland to
load lumber for Manila. She will probably eall
here after loading: for the COO marines who
have been assigned to her for transportation to
the Far East. The Buford Is commanded by
Captain Hall. Captain Berry of th» Tenta In
fantry is the- quartermaster , or purser of> thm
troopship. _ _. '■
Steamship Alameda Sails.
The Oceanic Steamship Company** Han Al»
meda ealled yesterday for Honolulu with •■toll
cargo and many passenger*. .
GREK.NBEKG & GREEXBERQ.
6REENBERG & 6REENBER6
Attractive
Specials
for
This Week.
INDIA SILK WAISTS W
Our .S4.25 kind at y.$S.5O
Our $5.50 kind at .1^4.35
Our $6.00 -kind at .94.SO
Our t $6.75 kind at ...^o.OO
SILK SKIRTS
Reg. ■ $6.00. Sale price $5.00
Reg. $7.SO. Sale price. . .$O.OO
Reg. $8.75. Sale price. . .97.5O
Reg. $10.00. Sale price. .$S.75
EIDERDOWN ROBES
Our $4.00 kind at $2.9O
Our ) S6.50 kind at. ...... -f -*•£?
Our $7.00 kind at........ 9**. **>
Our $7-SO kind at $5.OO
LACE HOSE
Reg. 35c styles at. . ... .....2o*-*
Retr. 45c styles at o.»e
Reg. 6fc styles at 5Oc
Reg. $1.00 styles at "3c
jfiaU Orders Receive Prompt Attsatloa
6REEHBER6 &GREENBERG
3!, 33, 35 and 37 Brant Ai3rj
Cor. Geary St.RUMORS OF A WORLD-WAR
EXCITE THE PARIS BOURSE
EPITOME OF THE' DAY'S WAR NEWS.
Russian have penetrated nearly a hundred miles, into Northern Korea without developing the enemy; yet it is prob
able that a few miles farther on Japanese troops might be found in force preparing for an advance. . •
Rigid censorship always indicates important movements. The almost absolute cessation of dispatches from Japan and
Korea is must significant. The large expeditions which left Japan's seaports during last week have certainly by this time reached
their objective point. If they had been destined for Liaotung Peninsula it is reasonable to suppose that information of landings
or repulses would have reached Chefu. It is probable, therefore, that Korea wa&.the .real obketive point, aiid that these troops have
landed at either Chemulpo or Wonson. By this time there must be 50,000 of Japan|s best rroops massed north of Seoul, and news
of a general advance may be expected soon. - ■-•■'.
Reports from Port Arthur indicate that the Russian generals and soldiers are alert, and that no repetition of the supine
ness which gave Japan command of the sea can be looked for.
War rumors involving nearly every nation in Europe upset the Paris bourse, and panicky conditions prevailed all day;
The friction over the United States consulate in Dalny, Manchuria, loomed large among these trouble-making rumors. A reassur
ing statement is sent out by the English Foreign Office.
Wheat again made a wild advance on war news and rumors. \
It is believed the Vladivostok squadron is attempting to' reach Port Arthur to reinforce the Russian • fleet in that harbor.
Panic Caused by Report of Prospective Mobilization
of French and German Armies* II
PAKIS. Feb. 20.— Wild excitment pre
vailed on the bourse to-day as the
result of startling contradictory re
ports concerning possible world com
plications srowinz out of the war.
These rumors included the prospective
mobilization of the German and French
armies. The evening papers also saio.
that serious influences were exerted by
the report of diifleulties between the
United States and Russia in conse
quence of the refusal of Russia to
Krant an exequatur to Morgan as
United States Consul at Dalny. Finan
ciers asserted the market was in such
a sensitive condition that the wildest
rumors were taken up and might lead
to serious complications.
Financial authorities say that not
since 18S2 has a scene occurred on the
bourse like that of to-day. Alraost
from the opening the leading securities
bcean to fall. French rentes were par
ticularly nflected. Russian imperials
also dropped, as did also other foreign
bonds. Dnrfas the early hours heavy
depreciation occurred" on all sides,
leading up to brutal sacrifices of val
»ics.
Spanish rentes were specially affect
ed by the great confusion which pre
\ ailed over the fears of international
cnrnpltcatlona.
EXCITEMENT IS REDOUBLED.
This condition was aggravated during
the closing huiir, and the excitement,
which amounted to a. panic, was re
doubled. French, Spanish and Turkish
lentes were offered arv.id a great up
io;»r. At the close the market was
very apitafed. Russian imperial 4 per
cent* closed at 90.23. Rio Tintos lost
iS (num. The private rate of discount
was 2 7-l<s ;>«^r cent.
Some of the most notable losses dur
ing the day were as follows: French
3 per cents, 1 franc 40 centimes; Span
ish 4s. 5 francs 65 centimes; Turkish
<r. 2 francs GO centimes; Turkish con
solidated. "0 francs; Ottoman Bank, 25
francs; Suez, active, 71 francs.
Somfc stocks of the principal French
oanks declined DO to 70 francs.
No failures have been reported up to
aboTJt 6 o'clock this evening as a re
sult of the panic. The impression
ADVEBTTSEMENTS^
'no 'max or woman
. CAN' HAVE DYSPEPSIA
And Still Be Ajrrceable. Attractive and
Popular*— A Certain Cure In
Reach of All.
There is nothing that will put you to
the front so rapidly in the business or
so.cial world as a cheerful disposition
and a pleasant appearance. Other
things being equal, people will go out
of their way to give the fellow a lift
who always wears a cheerful counten-
ance. The man or woman with a
cranky disposition and a sour face will
always meet with an Indifferent if not
a chilly reception. The commercial
traveler, who is the recognized busi-
ness - barometer, appreciates better
than any one the value of this rule
and governs his actions accordingly.
Dyspepsia destroys all the agreeable
qualities that enter into a man's or
woman's jnake-up. It is almost a hu-
man impossibility for any one with a
severe case of dyspepsia to look pleas-
ant. The continuous, miserable, cast-
down .feeling is bound to make itself
shown in the appearance and conver-
sation.
Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets are the
sufferer's certain cure. They are so
recognized all over the world. The
cures they have brought about and
the happiness they have caused and
the suffering they have relieved has
made their name a household word in
all the English-speaking world.
The reason that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are a certain cure is tha.t they
are a natural cure. There is nothing
to prevent them curing. They con-
tain the essential ingredients of the di-
gestive fluids of- the stomach and
pimply do the identical work of the
stomach. relieving that weakened
orga.n and permitting it to rest and
recuperate. Could anything be more
simple ur natural? They are bound
to cure. They cannot help themselves.
It is just like putting a new stomach
into ;i man— if that were possible —
and letting the old one go off on a
vacation. Ilest is what it needs. Na-
ture will do her own work of restora-
tion, never fear.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
Bale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
All druggists means all druggists.
They have become so necessary to the
people that the, druggist simply has to
keep them anyway. There are other
remedies that he can make much more
money on ff he could sell them, but
he can't. He will not take chances on
losing Ws customers by not always
liming on liand a supply of Stuart's
Pysjiepsia. Tablets. ' ;
Some grocers sell Schilling's
- tex bakirr pywitr rplcta
coffee fiavoriaf extracts tods
moneyback ; some don't. '
Thev have their reasons
4
both ways.
seemed general yesterday afternoon
that the market would drop, and, so
far as possible, thevbrokers were pre
pared to meet the situation. From
I^yons came an unconfirmed report of
a failure of a small broker.
FINANCIERS WILL ACT.
It is reported that several promi
nent financiers will assemble to-mor
row for the purpose of preventing a
continuance of the panic on Monday.
Their efforts will be assisted by the
authorities, who are publicly denying
the alarming rumors.
The Foreign Office denied the re
port circulated on the Bourse to-day
of the mobilization of the French army
and no information has been received
that such a step has, been taken by
Germany. All that has been done has
been to take measures of a precaution
ary character, not because of
any fear of immediate trouble,
but in order to be prepared for possi
ble eventualities. The Foreign Office
officials also declared that the Bourse
pan.'c was utterly without reason.
The Foreign Office here declared to
be absurd the report circulated yes
terday, in New York, alleged to be
from Paris, to the effect that 60.000
Japanese troops had been concentraj
ted at the island of Formosa, with the
intention of invading the French pos
sessions in the Far East in case of
France siding with Russia against
Japan."
The Foreign Office to-day denied
the reoort that President Loubet in
tended to visit the ■ Czar and added
that such a visit had not been consid
ered.
BRITONS ARE TRANQUIL.
LONDON, Feb. 20. — Count Benck
endorff, the Russian Embassador. left
London to-day for St. Petersburg. The
afternoon papers made a sensation
out of his departure, connecting it
with rumors that the Czar was dis
ptesjted with his Embassjylors in
Washington and London and with his
late Minister in Tokio. owing to the
recent turn of events and out of base
less rumors of threatening Evropean
trouble. •
The Russian embassy said positively
that Count Benckendorff had gof% to
St. Petersburg for three days to bid
farewell to his son, who is going to
the Far East with his regiment. The
embassy added that the Embassador's
journey was in nS way connected with
his position as Embassador. The
Foreign Office here confirms this.
The uneasiness exhibited on the Con
tinent in regard to the possibility that
a European war may ensue from the
struggle in the Far East is not shared
by Great Britain. No power has made
such complete naval preparation for
every contingency, and yet nowhere is
confidence greater that the hostilities
will be confined to Russia and Japan
than it is in London. The naval and
military preparations announced from
continental capitals are regarded here
as being mere common-sense measures,
which any power must adopt. «
YELLOW PRESS IS ACTIVE.
It also is believed that the lull in. the
actual war news has led many Euro
pean correspondents to employ their
spare time in exaggerating the conti
nental action and in applying, such
steps as have been actually taken to er
roneous motives. The latest of these,
lhat Great Britain intends to seize
Spanish ports in the event of war, has
not even the semblance of probability.
At the present moment Spain and
Great Britain are on the verge of con
cluding an . arbitration treaty, and in
'other ways their diplomatic relations
are closer than they have been in years
past.
At the Spanish embassy ■ here it was
emphatically declared that the move
ments of Spanish troops were simply
precautionary. At the Foreign- Office
and at the Spanish embassy the belief
is entertained that no other European
power will be involved, least of all
Spain, which has no direct or indirect
interest at stake.
"All the rumors," the Foreign Office
"said, "that European complications are
in sight are quite baseless."
NO CAUSE FOR ALARM.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.—Confirma
tion is obtained at the Russian embas-
Ey of the dispatch from London that
the Russian Embassador is going to St.
Petersburg to see his son. All the re
ports attaching further significant* to
the Embassador's movements are char
acterized as ridiculous. It is "pointed
out -here that Embassador Cambon
goes to Paris every fortnight, and that
there Is no cause for alarm at the re
port • that Count Benckendorff has left
London.
A3IEKICAX GUNBOAT
COMMANDER INCURS
CHIEF'S DISPLEASURE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— A cable
gram received at the Navy Department
to-day from the commander of the gun
boat Wilmington, at Chefu. announces
the departure "of that vessel for Shahg-
MSAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FKBKUARV 21, 1904.
hai, in accordance with orders from the
department. It appears that ;the of
ficials here were not advised of the in
tended visit of the Wilmington to
Chefu for the purpose of observing op
erations there. / In pursuance of the
policy of strict neutrality which this
Government has adopted and will ad
•here to, it was deemed expedient to
withdraw the . Wilmington from the
theater of action, and orders to that
effect were issued. • • •
Japan having acceded to the request
of this Government to be ajlowed the
privilege of sending military observers
with the forces in the field, the general
staff to : day. designated four officers' for
this purpose, as follows: Colonel
Crowder, judge advocate; Captain
Marsh and Captain Morrison of the
artillery and Captain Kuhn of the en
gineer corps.
STEAMSHIP BRINGS
JAPANESE EXHIBIT
FOR ST. LOUIS FAIR
VICTORIA,. B. C. Feb., 20.— The
steamship Lyra of the- Boston Steam
ship Company arrived this morning
from Yokohama after the roughest
passage ever made by her across the
Pacific. She battled ; with fierce hur
ricanes all the way. The Lyra brings
the most valuable cargo ever shipped
from Japan to America, consisting of
articles for the Japanese exhibit at the
St. Louis Exposition, including con
tributions from the Mikado's own pri
vate collection.
The Lyra left just before the'out
break of the war, but the feeling then
was intense. Immense crowds be
sieged the naval and military, offices
demanding enrollment.
A grand parade of imperial cavalry
took place on the military^ grounds at
Toklo just before the steamship left
and was witnessed by hundreds of
thousands of people wild with enthu
siasm. For many weeks previous to
the sailing of the Lyra the Japanese
naval vessels had been at target prac
tice.
CHINA GIVES CURT
REPLY TO DEMAND
MADE BY ALEXIEFF
TOKIO, Feb. 20.— Advices to the
Japanese Government from Peking say
that while at Mukden Viceroy Alexieff
asked the Chinese troops to aid in
guarding the railroad so as to prevent
the interruption of traffic. The Chinese
refused the request and asked for in
structions from Peking. The Chinese
Government told them to Inform Alex
ieff that as Russia had insisted that the
Chinese were unable to'guard the rail
way In time of peace, surely Russia
DR. SHOOP'S - REMEDIES. - - -
Will You Help A Sick Friend?
Get My Book For Him Now, if
WhiVh Book Ion. Dyspepsia.
WniCQ Book 2 on the Heart,
shall 3 on the Kidneys. :
K *h ■> BTOk 5 tor MnnTJealed.) V.
send? Book 6 on Rheumatlsin. :
Send me no money. .
Only tell mu which book to send. *
- You • certainly know of some one who is sick — some suftcrer who will be
grateful for the help my book offers. . . - ■ ■ i '
And that book tells of a way to help. Tells of a Way so certain that I,
as a physician.' offer 'that' help on^ trial. 'The book tells how for .30 years .in
hospitals and at bedsides I searched for a way to cure deep-seated and diffi-
cult diseases. It. tells. how I perfected my prescription — Dr. Shoop's .Restora-
tive How by scientific experiment I traced out the causes that bring on
chronic diseases. ,
1 found invariably that where there was a weakness, the inside nerves
were weak.- Where -there was a lack of vitality, the vital nerves lacked power.
Where -weak organs were found, I always found weak, nerves. Not the nerves
commonly thought of, but the vital organs' nerves. The inside^ — the invisible
nerves.
This was a revelation'. Then my rea.1 success began. Then I combined in-
gredients that would strengthen, that would vitalize these nerves. -
-. That prescription I called a restorative. It is known the world 'over now
as Dr. Shoop's Restorative. .After that I did pot fall to cure one case in each
hundred. In the extremely difficult cases, my failuresfor five years were one in
each forty treated. I found cancer incurable. Cancer Is for surgery, not medi-
cine. S~
Then how to get 'this prescription- to sick ones every where was my thought.
I must announce, it; in the public press.' But;. thought"".!,. will they^realize the
real truth of my discovery.' the real power of Dr. Shoop's-' Restorative?- . Then
a way came-tome like an inspiration.- "I will offer it to the sick -on trial.. Then
they will know I am sincere—^that; my, prescription is. unusual." ' ";. ~'-"_ * ':
I. wrote. a reliable druggist in each city and village in ~ America; ; They
agreed to -co-operate wHh me.. Now by any sick one ... . . ..,-,'.. .\>v ; .- :/
Dr. > Shoop's Restorative
Can" be" taken at my * risk.- For' a- full 'month* I. will let you" use' lt entirely at my
risk.. ■ •._..■...:...,/. .,' .;-...:.."';.' ■■*'/.:■*■.■"".".';, .: .■',.;;." " .' '
Send no 'money. Just-write me for the book you ■ need. When I send it
I; will tell you of "a druggist "near by *who ; will. permit', the mo'nth's ; trial.*. Use
the Restorative a month.' Theri'decide. If you , say to the* Cruggist. "It r did
not' help me." that will' relieve -you; of any expense whatever. '-He will bill' the
cwttomc. This is my way of clearing ;your" ; mind of all doubt as to what=Dr.
Shoop's Restorative can , do. . , »• • . • ; -
No matter -how prejudiced, you cannot; dispute this absolute, security I of-
fer. _Youjcannot resist an j>ffer 'like, this if you are, at all' sick. /If you have a
weakness."" write,, me. .If. you can't do things like .you, used to do them, tell: me
'about It. Writ^ in. confidence. As 'a physiciawl' will'tell-you a way to. help. >
Get my book-now — >to-day.'- Address Dr.". Shoop, Box 7630,- Racine. "Wis.
. Mild cases' uot chronic are often 'cured by-one or-two bottles. ".St-drusrsists*.
could. not expect- them to guard it In
time of wary
The national loan has already been
twice covered. Viscount Yoski-Kawa
has been appointed Minister for Home
Affairs.
Takahlra, vice president of the Bank
of. Japan, will start for America Febru
ary 24 on an important mission. Baron
Kaneko will accompany him.
SUPPOSED RUSSIAN
SQUADRON SAILING
FOR SUEZ CANAL
ISLAND OF PERIM-, Feb.: 20.— a'
squadron of warships passed here at
midnight bound for Suez. ' It was be
lieved to be the Russian -squadron re
cently at Jibutil, . French. Somaliland.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 20.— The
Russian Mediterranean fleet has left
Jibutil, French Somaliland, supposedly
to return to join the Baltic fleet.
It was announced from St. Peters
burg last night by way of Paris that
the Russian squadron recently at Ji
butil had been ordered to return to
Kronstadt.
SLAV POPULATION
FORGETS DIFFERENCES
IN LOYALTY TO CZAR
VITEBSK, Russia, Feb. 20.— The dis
senters and the orthodox population of
this city have joined in enthusiastic,
demonstrations for the crown and have
showered ' money dri the Red Cross
movement. }l
RAGA. Russia. FeUl 20.— The • Baltic
province students have concluded pa
triotic demonstrations, which lasted
three days, with a - procession to the
Governor's palace, In which . they car
ried patriotic banners. ,
Koreans Now Support Japan.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 20.—Min
hui Cho, for the past -three years Ko
rean Minister in Washington, arrived
here to-day en route to Tokio. In his
party, are his secretary, Senugu Yi, and
two attaches. They will sail for Yoko
hama on Monday. In an interview the
Minister said to-day that although
neutrality had been proclaimed by Ko
rea, in the struggle .between Japan and
Russia the Korean people desired that
Japan should succeed, as it meant the
independence of their empire.
May Trandnlt Code .Messages.
NEW YORK. Feb. 20. — The* West
ern Union Telegraph Company an
nounces that code messages can now
be transmitted to Japan and that the
Western Union, code is on file at the.
disposal of the public. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMRADE OF GENERAL GRANT
Says: "I Do Not Believe Pe-ru.na Has
a Superior for Catarrh."
— .^^^^^fsi '' Pc-ru-na Is a Catarrhal Tonic
" places of the West, and shall always
RFIU IAMIIM F HAVl/KF^ i th *nk you for your generwslty." — Mrs.
DLlMJAIVlllAl I.. imWIXCO. . f F. E. Little.
( p-"^ — » — >-^^ — -*»^>»^_— ■s^-Jw-v^-. — »-^--v^^--v*^*">— -s-~>-. n strong and vigorous at the Ate of
) Bjnjamln F. Hawkes, of Washington, d. C. Is One of the Three Living \ FHhtw—uh*
\ Comrades of General Grant In His Cadet Days at West Point ( „ cuiuy-ei*iu.
, L_--_-x-_^, !-^-^->^-«_-^->. ,^->»^-w-^^— -J \> Rev. J. N. Parker. Utica. N. T.. writes:
• "In June. 1901. I lost my sense of
»«»»«««*« « « ■ ttT»»»»»»i»t»t«T»T iiiTTt-- ------- -\ hearing entirely. My hearing had been
somewhat impaired for several years.
',,.., „,«. but not so much affected but that I
« * culation. I have come to rely upon»it could ho , d converS e with my. friends:
' ■ . , ff „ * r ' C11 n ., almost entirely for the many little but in June. 1901. my sense of hearing
In a recent letter from en i* things for which I need medicine. left me so that I could h^ar no sound
17 have tried Peruna after having I country I was a sufferer from this dls- hearingr , 3 restored as good as it was
I tt-imii in vninnther remtiiffds for en- I ease. prior to June, 1901. My rheumatic pains
a tried in van other remedies tor ca- ha<J several long aieeca wlth the re aU gone x cannot speak too h , sh , y
" tarrh, and I can say without reserva- " . At flrst j d , d not know that of p er una. and now wnen SS years old
;; tionthat I never felt a symptom of ,, Peru ' na waa B rem edy for this disease. ««i say It has invigorated my whole
,, 'relief until I had given Peruna the ,, When l heard that la Erl p pe was epi- sy M? m w"5 e schnader^r Tcrre Hill Pa.
«• simple trial that its advocates advise. J demic catarrh. I tried Peruna for la wr , t e S . ' a bchna(ler or 1 erre iiui, f a..
I do not believe it has a superior [\ frlPPe. and found it to be just the .. T t s|cfc ev win tcr. and had a
I! either as a remedy for catarrh or as 1 thln »- ~ Isaac BrocK - spell of cold in February. 1S99. I could
„ a tonic for the depressed and ex- „ Pc-runa Used. In the Family for S'SSSfmbe^'Ma?. 11 !^* SS
♦ hausted condition which is one of the' Years of vour books about your remedies.
J effects of the disease."— Benjamin F. (1 Then I wrote to Dr. Hartman for a«i-
I Hawkes << Mrs. E. West. 137 Main street. Mena- vice, and he wrote ttiat I should com-
* * , sha, Wis., writes: "We have used Pe- mer.ee the use of Peruna and hdw to
<»■»«■»» «»»»»•»» «««t««»«» runa in our* family for a number of take care of myself.
•. ■ ,' years, and when I say that it Is a fine "I did not lose one day last winter
ISAAC BROCK, a citizen of McLen f medicine for catarrh and colds I know that I could not tend td ir.y stock. I am
nan County, Texas, has lived for 114 what I am talking about. I have taken 63 years old. and cannot thank you too
years.- In speaking of his good it every spring and fall for four years, much for what you have done for me."
health and extreme old age, Mr. Brock and I find that it keeps me robust. If you do not derive prompt and
sa ys- - strong, with splendid appetite and free satisfactory results, Trom the use of
••pVnma tVnrtlv tnp«»t«i all mv re- from any illness. >A rew years ago it Peruna, write at once to Dr. , Hartman.
exactly • m ** tB m * a -* i Y ™ cured me of catarrh of the stomach, giving a full statement of your case,
quirements. It protects me from the wh , ch - the doctors had pronounced in- and he will be pleased to give you his
evil "effects of sudden changes;, it keeps curaD lc. I am very much pleased with valuable advice gratis,
me in good appetite; -it gives me Peruna. I am 87 years'old." — Mrs. "E. Address Dr. Hartman. President of
strength; it keeps my blood in good clr- West. ■ .- - - . . The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
KAISER SENDS TO CZAR
< A BETTER OF SYMPATHY
Continued From; Page 2 J, Column 4.
succeeded in passing the lines under
official escort and visited Port Arthur,
which is closed to all civilians. The
correspondent gives the following ac
count of conditions: »
"Only 30 per cent of the populaton
remains at Port Arthur and many of
these are leaving. The trains are stUl
crowded with refugees. Railroad con
ditions are excellent and trains are
running on schedule time. There are
only a few unfinished sidetracks and
one unfinished bridge between New
chwang- and - Port Arthur. The penin
sula of Liaotung is quiet. Adequate
guards are maintained at all culverts
and- bridges and preparations for de
fense are being continued. The troops
in the vicinity of Kinchow are active.
A strong force is guarding the narrow
est-section of the peninsula.
"The authorities have mitigated war
conditions at Port Arthur by fixing the
prices of foodstuffs. The prices of
other, commodities, however, have ad
vanced. The authorities have taken
possession of alL food supplies in the
stores which were deserted by Chinese
and other merchants. They are pro
viding.for a siege by sending wheat
milling machinery to. Port Arthur and
claim that there is a sufficient food
supply there for a resistance of 'two
years.
"Japanese refugees, under the per
sonal supervision of the Viceroy and
General Plancon, are leaving Port
Arthur on released ships. The local
agents of two British steamships
which were deserted during the Jap
anese attack are endeavoring to induce
the captains of these vessels to return
and reclaim them. The Brand, . the
only ship now remaining at Port
Arthur, will leave there on February 21
with refugees and dispatches.
"Although- the harbors on the. Liao
tung Peninsula have been reopened, the
authorities do not expect further ar
rivals.- The Japanese fleet, which is
sighted at intervals from Gold Hill,
completely controls the gulf and, under
the imperfect police system, air In
comers are treated as spies:
"The repairs to the RussUn fleet are
proceeding. The cruiser Novik has
been docked, but the condition of the
battleships Cesarevitch and. Retvizan
remains unchanged. Engineers say that
the Retvizan will be floated in a few
days. ?v
"The official reports commend Cap
tain-Essen of the Novik. and Captain
Bersan of the cruiser Bayan for gallant
conduct on . February 9 and. Indicate
that, in spite; of the fact that no Jap
anese Josses were reported.-. the Rus
slansdid'some damage.
• "Captain Stephanoff, who was in
command of the torpedo. transport Ten
iesl S (which [ was: blown j up 'from acci
dental: contact - with gja| mine),- is de
clared to have metla^heroic death' in
trying to save her, crew. -.,':
j "Shippers are' of the opinion that the
harbor 'of Dalny .will be unsafe for
years to -come' on account- of stray
mines from the Yeniesl. some of which
are r reported by. the last merchantman
arriving at: Port Arthur to be. drifting
in the open sea.- -
"TheNovlkri'has suspended publica
tion 'and only issues: bulletins!
•"The city is darkened every night,
but Viceroy.' Alexleft's house is lighted.
although the people understand that
he Is at Harbin. General Vlakoff Is in
command of the non-combatant force
at Harbin. When the Tenth Regiment
is near Kinchow, the Ninth Regiment
near. Liauchang, and the Twelfth Regi
ment near Llaoyang, it. is intended to
commence a simultaneous march tow
ard the Yalu River. While Major Gen
eral Pflug is advancing the troops from
Mukden to the Yalu he will at the
same^ time be strengthening his cente^
and be prepared to defend the railroad
and the north gulf c,oast in force. The
military authorities are thoroughly
aware of their unpreparedness to rush
reinforcements.
"An enormous consignment of. artil
lery is .reported to be en route from
Russia and it is said without hesitation
that there wert not more than 125,000
troops in Manchuria and at Vladivo
stok when the war began.
"The administrative authorities of
Port Arthur assert that the Japanese
have landed in Korea only."
DOWAGER EMPRESS
OF CHINA RECEIVES
DIPLOMATIC CORPS
PEKING, Feb. 20.— The diplomatic
body was, received in audience by the
Dowager Empress to-day.
In order to . avoid a clash between
the Japanese and Russian legation
guards their respective *commandera
have agreed not to give them leave of
absence on identical days.
- War Xcws Continued on Page '24.
The late of a Game Cock.
Our friend across the way, George
"W". Robards, Is having lots of fun with
his American eagle, and the bird *s
proving a drawing: card. The other
day a farmer brought in a big old
game rooster that had- crowed -over
many a doncuered victim. In fact he
was the terror of all the gentlemen
chickens . in his vicinity. His spurs
were three and a half inches long; .as
hard and sharp as steel and had drawn
blood from his adversary in many a
bill-to-bill contest, in which he >was
always victorious. When taken to
the eagle's cage his feathers rose and
he evinced in other ways his eager
ness to battle with the monster bird.
He was put into the cage and In less
than half the time you have been
reading this his body had been. rent to
pieces, his insides swallowed by v the
eagle and his Ie:r3 and feathers scat
tered about the' cage. Then the eagle
mounted his perchrwiped his bill, and
said (with his eyes): "Brinj? on an
other *horse."— Harrodsburg (Ky.)
Herald. ~'3£E|&5kE£' -." V
Ancestor; Greets Tuft.
William H: Taft for .the Second time
in- his public' career sits in -an office
from, the walls of "which his father's
portrait looks down. upon~ him." When
he Avas Solicitor " General of ', the United
States' under Harrison one of the most
conspicuous objects in view of his desk
was" the official portrait of Alonzo Taft.
Attorney General under. President
Grant. In his room at the War Depart
ment hangs the official portrait of Alon
zo Taft, Grant's • Secretary of ■ War.—
New* York . Globe.
Animals Become Insane.
Insanity in the human subject Is
supposed by some to have no analogue
in the lower animals. Yet many cases,
according to Dr. Snellson. will lead to
the permanent loss of self-control.
Cattle driven from the country thVough
a crowded town will often work them
selves into a frenzy. Horse3 have gone
made on the battlefield. At Balaclava
an Arabian horse turned on its attend
ant, threw him down, and, kneeling
on him. attacked him like an infuri
ated dog. An instance is related of a
docile horse* suddenly going mad on
a hot day. Everything that came in
its way it seized in its teeth and shook
as a^ terrier does a rat. A scientist of
authority even goes so far as to prove
by what appears to be incontestable
evidence that cats, dogs and monkeys
have been observed to have delusions
very similar to those of Insane people.
— London Globe.
*<;V ■"* ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Enamel and
Brass Beds
Largest assortment and best
patterns to select from of any
store on the coast. We have
beds in all sizes and colors to
suit every taste and at prices
that cannot be duplicated in
this city. It will pay you to
come over one block from
Market street and see our rich
window display, and you will
save money by buying this
week, while this special sale
is on.
THE
J. Noonan Furniture Go.
Mission* Street
Above Sixth
RacSway*s
Pills
Purely resetable. mild and rellatfr. C*u»*»
perfect dlsestlon. complete absorption *a4
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of tli* StoraaeU.
Liver.' Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
resularltiei. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Coa-
stlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of tn»
Internal VIjcwu 23c a box. At <tru*rj«t» or
by t".- RADWAT Si CO- N«w Xork.
2324
CENTRAL FIGURE IN ORIENT
IS ADMIRAL TOGO OF JAPAN
Hero of Port Arthur Battle Is Gallant Naval Officer
Who Fired the First Shot in the
Chino-Japanese War. '"..*. ■■v.
The following article by Robert Mach
ray. published in the London Daily Mail
of February 2 under the caption "The
Nelson of Japan— Admiral Togo," is of
especial interest just at this time. Its
description of the admiral's connection
with the Chino- Japanese war, the first
phot in which he fired, amounts to a
forecast of Togo's action at the out
break of the Ruebo - Japanese war.
when he be^an hostilities by an attack
on the Russian fleet at Port Arthur:
'•More perhaps is heard and known
in this country of the army of Japan
;han of her sieter service, but without
her navy she would not and could not
be the center of the world's interest as
ehe is to-day.
"Admiral Togo, the man in chief
command at sea of her splendid fleet,
is likely to be one of the foremost fig
ures of our time, for on him will de
volve in all probability as prodigious a
responsibility as fell to the lot of Nel
eon in our own national history-
"It is his destiny to wield one of the
finest, one of the most formidable in-
Ftruments ever forged. In her navy Ja
l>an has created in less than ten years
as perfect and as tremendous a fighting
machine as any on the globe. At this
perilous crisis in her fortunes she has
chosen to place the working of J^vis ma
chine in the hands of Admiral Togo— a
choice, we may be sure, that has been
made with the utmost deliberation and
after a complete survey of all the possi
bilities of the situation. Japan feels
this is a matter in which there must be
no mistake, and the unanimous ap
proval of the nation expressed on his
appointment to the chief command
shows that he is regarded as the right
man in the right place.
TOGO A SIMPLE GENTLEMAN.
•Admiral Togo is nov.- about 55
\e:irs of age. He is not of princely or
noble birth, but is a simple gentleman,
a Samurai of the great Satsuma clan,
a.s so many of his fellow-officers are.
His senior In rank. Admiral Count Ito
<not to be confused with his namesake
Mitrquis Ito), >vho was in chief com
mand of the navy during the Chino-
Jypanese war, and is now chief of the
naval headquarters staff in Tokio, is
also a Sa.tsuma Samurai, and formerly
the whole Japanese fleet was officered
and manned by the Satsuma. in the
Bame way that the Japanese army was
dr;nvn from the Choshu clan. Now
adays neither navy nor army is en
tirely given over to these, the two
most Dowerfnl of the clans of Japan,
but many men from all over the em
pire are found in both services. When
Togb entered the navy, however, its
uhol? personnel was Satsuma.
"Admiral Togo received a great
part of his education at the Naval Col
lege. Greenwich. where he went
through the regular courses of instruc
tion current some thirty odd years
;iST». He thus understands a good deal
<>f the histox-y. training and tradition?
of th<* British navy, and he has
'wrought the knowledge thus acquired
to bear on his own with excellent ef
fect. Returning to Japan, he was
employed In various capacities. In
1??4. orben war broke out between
China and Japan, he was In command
of the Naniwa, a cruiser of 3650 tons,
one of the vessels composing what
was then known as the* first flying
Fouadron of the Japanese navy. Dur
ine the war he greatly distinguished
himself and earned the reputation of
Lrinn B fir^t-elass fighting man. '
SINKING OF THE KOWSH1XG.
"It ".-as in connection with the epi-
Fodc of the sinking of the Kowshing
that h!s n?me first came into world
wide iirorrsinence. At the time some
adverse criticisms of his action on that
occasion were heard, but these died
away on a fuller knowledge of the clr
cumftarco?. The story reveals some
thing of the character of the man. so
it is worth telling again.
"It was wearing on in the year
]E9<. Though there had been no ad
tual declaration of war, it was evi
dent enough that Japan and China
WAENZR'S EEMEDIES.
Dr. Love!] Cobb. President of Duval College, Atlanta. Ga.. Suffered Agony :or
More Than Three Years With Gall Stones. Tried Many Remedies In
Vain. Thought Nothing Could Help Him, mil Wa* FlniUy
Cured by Warner's Safe Cure
» __-i-_irSlg-_ Dr. Lovcll Cobb, widely known
i^^^i^^r^^iJi- throughout the Smitli an a successful
author ami Pro^id^nt of Duval CoUpr"-,
/ r^" — ' N^ 7 **^ ?«"^ Atlanta. Ga.. owes Jiis lifn to Safe Cure.
• v^w\ * n a recent ' etter lie says:
...vv\\jsa "I suffered for three years with pall
'_-^^vSBSl stones and thought nothing could help
•■"^S^vJ^ot me - for l na(1 Tied many different rem-
"r^^^SS&^S edies vrlthout- avail, but fortunately for
fc-aj. ffm^t^j^^^^f rnP r>nf ' of r° y lrip ' u!s called my attention
•^> 5t»*^t > -O^*DniSii. tr> 'Warner's Faf^KTuro hjhI I at once j?ot
ffN ■^^ g3<*^\ a battle, as 1 was anxious to know what
U Is "* <( ••^XvSv^Ri 5t wollld d0 for m "- II af ted lik " a
V / -^ &sfy ' charm; every riose hflpod me. and in four
\ / .'A •' :: \*^$£¥/s months I was ':ured and havp had no re-
* SS&wSffit- »-NJ$$AwiR3r currence of the trouble since. It has
lv^^pi,' ■••^SiWWJCr^ made a n<*w man of m^. and I gladly give
> HraaMtJg5<3riS«v^^Xwil ' • credit wher** It is iIup — to Safe Cure."
<5lp|^ i <*SEHHls|^Kfl ' Gall Htones. or gravel, arc the result of
\ - zvrxw'fvfXXl .«VK ; Mr ' <: ar 'd poisoninp. caused by diseased
\ '5^4a^^* k-idneys and a torpid live-. As the pall
V v ' %<\\"^^vY[\v/w fton»»a increase in size, prolonpod iita of
>«sS«<raKr^O*^ ' sickness, attendrd T.'lth sreat agony, a£-
S ****^*^*^ i^K^lfetfc^ Thcu«and« die ytarly of «rall «tone«.
V(|.\\ f * va WTi'Ar*^!> ■- a!l never know what Is the matter until
•"W H \n^ l__._/P@'< RwT thB end is at haad - TIi e kidneys are dltr-
/ J\ \S£^SES>yffl ///▼'* "Safe Cure" is the only complete and
/ / \ \ Tslrssr ///, fjf \ perfect cure for Kail stones. It dissolves
*^» U \yErws/w 111/ / tlie 8tonea and forces them out of the
b \jGgW ''•% ''•/ y system, together with all waste and pqJ-
I Y^ \JUy '//t\ X ' sonous -matter, without dnnper. and
\i Nf ' / Jr' quickly brings the liver, kidneys and
1 \ T f bladder back to a condition of perfect
1 f health, and enables them to . do their
I • You Can Tell If Ycu tfave
', Kidney Disease. . : r 1
If you have pall stones or gravel, rains in the, back or neck, rheumatic pains
-°w K £ e l l]? 88 - 1 i ric ncld P° ls °n, gout, diabetts, Brighfs disease, inflammation of
■tn« bl-idder and urinary organs, scalding pains when you urinate, cloudy urine
- or-rcddlsli-brown seaiment In urinewhea lt'stands .24 hours; jaundice, ekin trou-
PieytPr|p»lnrer; if .a woman, bearing dawn sensation, fainting spells,, or so-
called female weakness, painful periods, your kidneys have been diseased for a
long- time, as such outward symptoms seldom show themselves until disease has
secured a nrm hold in the system. You have no time to lose— begin at once to
take Safe Cure,, which s absolutely J.he only positive, permanent and safe cure
for all diseases of the kidneys, liver, bladder and blood. ' .
Safe Cure Is made entirely of herbs, contains no harmful drugs, is free from
sedirnent and peasant to take. Prescribed by doctors and used successfully in
leading hospitals for years. Sold at all drujj stores or direct. 50c and $1 a bottle.
R*.rU3E STTESTITtfTrs. They are worthies* »nd very often exceedingly
dasurerens. Ask for Warner's Safe Cure; it will enre you.
Medical booklet and doctors' advice free and postpaid to every one who
m"iiVUns "hH e ria n er a CKS Warner ' 8 Safe Cure -Co.. Rochester. N. Y.. and
WARNER'S SAFE P1L.LS move thcbowels gently and aid a speedy cure.
were about to fight over Korea. War
ships had been assembled and large
bodies of. troops were either on the
field or were on the way to the scene
of conflict. The Kowshing, a transport
vessel, flying the British flag, with a
British w captain and crew and carry
ing some 1100 Chinese soldiers for
Asan, was met bv Togo in the Naniwa,
who signaled to her by firing two
blank cartridges to stop, which she
did. Thereafter a Japanese lieutenant
went on board the Kowshing with a
peremptory order from Togo that the
transport must proceed no farther to
ward her destination, but at once ac
'company the Naniwa to the main Jap
anese fleet. Captain Galsworthy of
the Kowshing was willing to obey
these orders, but not so minded were
the officers of the Cheese forces on
the vessel. They immediately raised
a great clamor and threatened Gals
worthj'.
FIRST SHOT OF THE WAR.
"Seeing what was occurring, Togo
sent a boat to bring off Captain Gals
worthy and his crew; but, meanwhile,
the disturbance and confusion on the
Kowshing had increased and the Chi
nese prevented them leaving her.
Some time then passed and at length
Togo signaled Galsworthy to take one
of his own boats and come to the
Naniwa; but the British captain was
not allowed -by the Chinese to do so.
For four hours Togo stood off sKd on
trying to save him and the ship, but
finding there was no chance of this he
at last ordered the red flag, which an
nounced that he was about to fire, to
be hoisted. A few moments later a
well directed shot from the Naniwa
s&uck the engine-room and pene
trated the hull of the Kowshing.
which soon afterward filled and sank.
As Gs»"=worthy and his men leaped
over the. bulwarks of the transport
into the sea they were fired on by the
Chinese. Togo at once sent out boats
and rescued as many as he could.
"In this way Togc began the Chino-
Japanese war. His countrymen have
never forgotten the part he played in
this episode. 'Togo!' they say, "It was
Togo who sank the Kowshing." And
they draw a confident augury from
it.
"In the course of the war Togo saw
a great deal of actual fighting, so he
Is a naval man of no littfe experience.
He was present at the first battle of
Phungdo. at the battle of Haiyang.
took part in the bombardment of
Tangchow and saw the final overthrow
and destruction at Weihaiwei of all
that was left of the Chinese fleet. Nor
did his ship, the Naniwa, pass entirely
scatheless through these ordeal3.
though she received no vital damage.
But ever the fame of Togo Heihachiro^
grew; he was known as a man of reso-*
lution and resource, most of all as a
hard and determined fighter. .
TOGO'S POSITION TO-DAY.
"After the war he was raised to the
rank of rear admiral and promoted to
the third command in the Japanese
fleet. Prior to his present appoint
ment he was commander in chief at
Maizuru, a dockyard on the Sea of
Japan. Maizuru Is not one of the
largest yards in the island empire, but
it may become of great importance as
a suitable port from which troops can
be dispatched to Korea, owing to its
comparative nearness to that penin
sula. His present rank is that of vice
admiral.
• "All information with respect to the
Japanese fleet has been so absolutely
withheld for the past few weeks by
the censor that it is not quite certain
on :which ship Admiral Togo has
hoisted his flag; but it is understood
that the Hatsuse is the vessel. The
Hatsuse is a sister ship to the Mikasa;
that is to say, she is on*e of the largest
and most powerful battleships afloat,
having over 15,000 tons displacement.
"In person Admiral Togo is a short,
somewhat stout man, with full black
beard and mustache, and a distinctive
ly Japanese appearance. He is not a
great talker; indeed, in manner he is
THE SAN- FRANCISCO "CALL- SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 21. ,1904.
somewhat reserved. Above all.- he is
a cool, resolute, determined, very cour
ageous sailor, quick and. alert of .-per
ception,, but calm and. unprecipit^te in
action. He knows . hfs .fleet,;- well- —
knows what it Can do. to; a" ; nicety;- He
knows the spirit and temper of his
men, freshly and, passionately moved'
at this time by a consuming fever of
patriotism. Japan confidently, expects
much from him and 'them and has no
fear that they \yill disappoint her fer
vent antici pations.' ' '■■•■■ - - , ■'•
SPAIN'S PREPARATIONS
INDICATE THE FEAR
OF EUROPEAN WAR
MADRID, Feb. 20.— Two regiments qf
infantry at Jsan Sebastian and. two reg
iments at Pampeluna are hel&ln readi
ness to start for the J3alearic ; Islands.
War Minister Linares 'has sent 1 a circu
lar to the military authorities ordering
the recall of all soldiers • on furlough
andj to retain with the colors men whose
service terminates on March 1.-.
These measures caused .considerable
excitement, which was not" diminished
by the rumors which continued to cir
culate, in spite of ofncial r denlals,-th4t
this military activity; was due \to -a
warning from a European'power to the
effect that in the event of a Continental
war Great Britain "intende'd to seize
ports on the Spanish coast,' 1 ' •-■■'■; v
PARIS. Feb. 20. — The officials" here
profess not to know th4- -cause of
Spain's hurried mobilization- of- -troops,
but unofficial information* jshows that
tho mobilization is ' g6ing'"op^wltH IHe,
utmost fury, with .s^epial^yiewj Qf
protecting the Canary "and Balearic
groups of islands. Ilarge forces'* of , in-'
fantry, cavalry and .' engineers have'
already been assigned to co-operate
with the navy in the defense of -the is
lands and the coast of the mainland of
Spain. A prominent official said:
"The mobilization is probabljj due to
a scare similar to that which Spain ex
perienced when she expected Rear Ad
miral Watson's fleet to attack her
coast."
However, the authorities here are
aware that Spain is suspicious that the
.present war may lead some powers to
attempt to secure strategic positions
near Gibraltar. British -and French ne
gotiationsconcernlng Northern Moroc
co, opposite Gibraltar/have been going
on for the last year, and r Foreign Min
ister Delcasse recently told one of the
Embassadors that a settlement seemed
as far off as ever." He also sald*he be
lieved Spain foresaw Russia's* present
extreme, need of coaling stations be
tween the Baltic and the Far; East. •
The financial dangers attending the
mobilization werTshown to-day in the
complete demoralization ot Spanish
rentes on the Bourse.
PARIS HEARS OF WAR
EXCURSIONS PLANNED
IN SAN FRANCISCO
PARIS. Feb. 20.— "Chlldrien, would
you rather see the war for your Easter
vacation or visit the St. Louis Expo
sition?" the Matin quotes an American
paterfamilias as asking.
In that newspaper and the Figaro
are articles which assert that the walls
oC San Francisco are placarded with
posters of rival tourist ' concerns
which read like this: "War excur
sions. Trip to witness great modern
battle. Powerful searchlights . for
viewing night encounters. Safest
steamers; best handled on the Pacific
Ocean.' Passengers can see everything
without the slightest risk."
Children, of course, according to these
stories, choose to see the war, be
cause there is more chance of noise.
The writers conclude that the attend
ance on the • exposition will suffer
through the rivalry of -the counter at
traction so handy to America— "just
across the Pacific."
The inference Is drawn from a card
inclosed in an envelope, which reads:
"Before leaving insure your life in —
Insurance Company."
That holiday Jaunt to see a naval en
gagement may not be such a quiet
treat for a who-!e family after all. It
is. gravely asserted that the excursion
promoters — and the insurance compa
nies — are coining ".money.
"Business is business", is the head
ing on one such account of the practi
cal Yankee's eye for the main chance.
FRANCE EXPLAINS
STAY OF RUSSIAN
SHIPS AT JIBUTIL
PARIS, Feb. 20.— Exchanges of com
munications of a -friendly character
have occurred between France and" Ja
pan with respect to the stay of the
Russian squadron at Jibutil. France
did not hesitate to make a complete ex
planation of her' reasons^f or not order
ing the Russian ships to depart, and
it is said in a "reliable quarter that this
explanation was thoroughly satisfac
tory to the Japanese Government. The
frankness with which the French Gov
ernment dealt 'with the question was
gratifying to the Japanese diplomats,
and it is asserted that there' is no rea
son to believe that any friction will
arise between the two countries regard
ing the incident; -! • '■ •
It is now explained that France's
neutrality instructions, while (contrary
to a previous statement" made' on the
same subject) specifying the limit of
stay at twenty-four hours, differs from
the English neutrality laws, •; In that
this provision is hedged about, by va
rious conditions which enable exten
sions of the time during which a'bel
ligerent may remain in a French port.
France seeks, as she has told Japan
and the other powers,: to maintain an
attitude of loyal neutrality and has.no
intention of departing from this, policy.
. But so far as ordering the Russian
ships , to leave Jibutil this has not
been done, as to have done so -would
have aroused : the . French' people,
whose sympathy with ' Russia has be-:
come exceedingly, keen, and this Japan'
and certainly her ally do not 'desire. ,»"
The' officials also say that France
Bhowed her fairness toward both"*bel-
. •. . ' ADVZRTISEMZNTS :^ .--. ■-- «_
) Mm // !i TT3^§£m<P?24B3&^^^ ■ 1 1 I I I I I 1 1 1 I I ill ura%9|tjA Mh^LsjjMKa BByjjjPsT"^^^ F'^^^f BjjHl i^S^^_ J ■ ' • X ' r ' II
2 ' We arc now beginning a carpet attack that has never before been equaled in commercial warfare. We \\
•Spare going to bombard San Francisco with carpets and carpet prices till it echoes from one end of this
;M city to the other. We have the biggest Carpet Department on the Pacific Coast. And because we have the JH
j |k biggest, ' the factories of the world bring us their best and sell it to us at their cheapest If you have a room C
S or a flat or a home to furnish, come now and see vvhat vve can do. Monday is Washington's day. Tuesday 4>
-BTAPF^TRY RRIJ^^FI For parlor, I/FI VFT p.ARPFTS Newvelvetcarpetsat \\
jA- I*-/) P sL-XJ I.lm I sW § m^/\J^J L L HjP btdroom or ■ *— 1—W L. H uHII%8 H_ I \J newprices. Lustrous, w&
T& dining room, hall or stairs. In richest of colors— floral, _ — soft, high-pile velvets in small, deep-set designs, and in -. _ fi*
|^ Oriental and Persian designs, two-tone reds and greens. »T|*T|O a " the colors and color changes of artistic combination. '^1^1*
■ Tapestry Brussels, by the yard, sewed, lined and laid "vJv By the yard, Velvets, sewed, lined and laid. . • . . v vv |j
An elegant carpet in elegant designs ATTI [\lffl^ They are 30c a yard or $6.00 a roll J
V UllVUULLiV an( j any number from which to choose. l»lr»l ■H"Uv since the war began. But we got our . ..Jr
i J.- Small .patterns on deep shaded grounds in reds and _ — supply, expecting the war, and you can have them, gt^^^ „„ £C
; ©greens, wood colors and light tans. Brussels, by the jj %{* wholesale, in small 20-yard rolls, the size of an Vfc>£ J
;■■ yard, sewed, lined and laid . *\ vv average room, by the roll \yhmmM \Jf r
' & FXXRA RRU^^FI Cashmeres, floral de- | ||\]f|j pllf^ Comes 2 yards wide, made of the best &
, ® -rf* ■ "".^ .Ui^ wO. vl—L V s i sns on t,] ue grounds,. *"" ' «"LL \J ITI pulverized cork and linseed oil, damp-
; (& woodcolored^scroll on tan ground, reds and greens. Every • proof and durable; a number ot patterns from which to _ _ . *
i H harmony in<carpet patterns and a wonderful array of Oh|o choose, and ever/ one of them desirable in every way. Al^f* /r
Eg thern. By the yard, extra Brussels, sewed, linedand laid Linoleum, by the square yard, laid ■• • • • "!^v j
I »iV-. * Store closed Monday; Tuesday and the rest o? the week are ours.
i aMf * ' kj /i jC*^ jt^ 4T\ (T^ %f Gy* " *f ft w f\ {~^* «c\ jT^ik jtr^ %^ f 1 *
fi JoG "The Credit House," 233-235-237 Post Street. *^^ |
ligerents during the Spanish-American
war, when an American auxiliary
cruiser tried to make repairs in the
French West Indies. Spain then, en
deavored to have the cruiser compelled
to leave forthwith, but the French
authorities did not require a rigid en
forcement of the regulations and the
cruiser was permitted to remain until
her repairs were completed. It is
claimed that this American precedent
justifies the stay of the Russians at
Jlbutil.
RUSSIAN ATTITUDE
IN RELATION TO THE
DALNY CONSULATE
PARIS, Feb. 20. — The Temps, semi
official, quotes a high Russian author
ity as follows: */ ..
"Although the United States wished
to send a Consul to Dalny, it. is cer
tain that the Russian Government
alone can judge whether it Is desirable
to issue an- exequatur to that effect.
It is necessary to remember that while
Manchuria belongs to China, Russia
holds Port Arthur and Dalny under a
lease \ from the Chinese Government.
The war was commenced by 'Japan;
which practically has established a
state of siege at those points, what
is more natural than that the laws of
war should be extended to those points,
and that the authorities should refuse
to grant an exequatur to a foreign
Consul?
"If it pleases the United States to
ask China to issue exequaturs for
Consuls at Mukden and Antung it is
their right to do so. But the actual
situation confers upon us certain
rights. Manchuria, being the theater
of war occupied by us and recognized
by the United States and other pow
ers as outside of the Chinese zone of
neutrality, it is for our military au
thorities to judge the question of.re
ceiving these Consuls, even if China
grants them exequaturs. I do not
know the decision of Viceroy Alexieff,
but they (the military authorities) are
free to take .any action they wish."
CHEMULPO INCIDENT
INCREASES RUSSIAN
IRE TOWARD AMERICA
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 20.— The
refusal of ; the commander of the
United States f gunboat Vicksburg to
unite wUh: the. commairders of other
foreign warships at Chemulpo to pro
test against, the fighting there on Feb r
ruary8,.which resulted in the -loss of
the Russian, warships,, .Varlag and
Koreitz. and the fact that the Vicka\
burg did not take on. board any of the
surviving Russian sailors- huvc^ created
much unfavorable- public comment
here.; The Foreign - Office,- however,
shows': .no disposition' to criticize the
commander of the Vicksburg and ad
vances the suggestion that he might
have been restrained by the belief that
his'action. might cohstiiutea breach of
neutrality. \ '"'.'/"' .['. ■' .' . " * '
A Russian , correspondent at Port Ar-
thur reports that the steamship Shilka,
Captain Kosturin, left Vladivostok on
February 3 and arrived at Tsushima (a
Japanese island northwest of Naga
saki), on February 6. Here the steam
ship was seized and without explana
tion taken to Nagasaki Bay. The Jap
anese passengers were landed, but Cap
tain Kosturin successfully opposed the
landing of the Chinese passengers, who
were bound for Chefu. He avers that
the Japanese sailors placed on board
showed lack of discipline and lounged
and smoked in the ladies' cabin until
he ordered them on deck.
Grand Duke Alexis and Grand Duke
Constantine, uncles of the Czar, have
asked his Majesty's permission to go
to the front.
It is said here that Viceroy Alexieff
will exercise general supervision over
the naval movements in the Far East.
Count Kutaisoff, War Governor of
Irkutsk, has returned to his post to
hasten the forwarding of men and
war materials across Lake Baikal.
It is reported here upon good au
thority, but the report lacks official
confirmation, that all the steamships
of the volunteer fleet are to be armed.
The Ministry of Finance has warned
the. Russian merchant ships to remain
south of Shanghai, as the Japanese
have a squadron composed of one bat
tleship, two lirst class and two second
class cruisers and eleven torpedo-boats
off Amoy for the purpose of intercept
ing merchantmen. .'
A dispatch received here from Har
bin, dated February 20, says the rail
road is in working order and that the
Japanese who attempted to blow up
the railroad bridge over the Sungari
River have been hanged. Bands of
bandits have been observed under, Jap
anese leadership and are being purr
sued. Almost all of the civilian inhab
itants of Harbin have left and the re
mainder of the population is quiet.
Chinese Swell Japan's War Fund.
SEATTLE. Feb. 20. — At a wildly en
thusiastic meeting to-night Japanese
residents agreed to send a fund of
$25,000 back to Japan. The. active
work of collecting the money, will be
gin on Monday morning. The Chinese
reform party . has subscribed a sub
stantial Bum and promises hearty sup
port.
Tell of*Russian Cruelty.
' SEOUL, Feb. 20. — Japanese fuei
tlves who .claim they were maltreated
at Port Arthur arrived .at Chemulpo
yesterday and the report of their ill
treatment has created great excite
ment-among: the soldiers there.
War News Continued on Page 25.
r Ai^ust Bebel Is the man of the hour
In Oef-many. He is the leader of the
H<icIh1 Democrats, who have, just cast a
vote of S.OOO.yOO. or one-third of the en
tire vote of the empire. He was born in
Cologne In 1840, the son of a sergeant
in an infantry regiment. He was ap
prenticed..to a turner, and when his
trade was learned he. tramped through
Germany, getting work wherever he
could ...
BENSON FACES
SECOND CHARGE
Millionaire land Dealer .of
San Francisco Is Arrested
on a Washington Indictment
IS RELEASED ON BAIL
Must Answer an Accusation of
Having: Conspired With Hydo
to Defraud the Government
NEW YORK. Feb. 20.— John A. Ben
son, the San Francisco millionaire land
dealer* who was arrested in this city
on New Year's eve, charged with* brib
ing Otis A. Harlan, a Government clerk
in the Land Department in Washing
ton, to give him advance information
concerning an investigation being
made relative to some of his Federal
land deals, was arrested again to-day
by a secret service agent and arraigned
before United States Commissioner
Shields. Commissioner Shields, in view
of the fact that Benson was already
under $10,000 cash bail, released him on
an additional bail of $10,000.
The indictment on which Benson
was arrested to-day was returned a
few days ago in Washington and
charges Benson with having conspired,
together with Frederick A. Hyde and
others, to defraud the Government
;-,;:^ ADVEBTISEMENT3. . ........;. '. .
I Sjf% TvventyYearsofCures f^fe |
• W$$r "^\ Twenty years of success- Ffc'
% u^ practice in disorders Y^sffi 9
g s^ °' men enables us to guar- ' ■'•
9 JL^fty*\ antee cures and >vait for / j&%?} %
2 fM reti|!wi$j our f ee until you are satis- Jjl!!$£fflJjZ %
I SES^ment FOR MEN ONLYl i
• WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURiED •
q *xce*n or contagion TOTJ ARE THE REASONABLE FEE • .when yoar" are ••
J VERT PERSON WE WANT TO TALK cured. Tcuoiiifper.il upon our word;" 9
9 T We hare proven our skill ui curinc ™-""i S ° f pat!ent * ls * ve '[i**on**y* i*
d Chronic diseases by publishing th» many NOW. WE WANT TO CURE - ; T.OU !?
q voluntary testimonials from ho»« p»o- with the distinct understandhi* tSatw- X
g* pie. giving names, pictures and ad- will not demand a FEE until ne'eurt •
Jr dreesee. r«u. This applies W LOST MWHOOD O
g we Sv N '™^ATP ia gw?. 1 S'ir-, ct;RES »•»»»■» t v!£s^^r^s^ • 5
© : IN PRIVATE -DISEASE?. of th* Prostate Gland Unnatural X
Q Because It would betray confidence Losses, Contracted D*Jorders - GleSt. 2
G Hence we have to prove our skill in Strictures, ete. CnnUslou... Bftcff P6U - •
O this class of treubleii In another way. son and. all WEAKNESSES of- men. ~ ©
This Is our plan: Consultation and advice fr£ " * O
2| Hcm« treatment eture«. Write for n*« nk**. k .»«.„' "9
© free symptom U*t If you cannot eaU. * S- ■■OI6SS * BHOBXS,., 5
© .Consultation in person or by letter EXPERT SPSCUHSTB. •>- Z
© "••• - 933 Market St, San TiiLUullSO '• a
©oeocoa© oooseeoooooo 99 ©dooocoooooo©© 0000 0 9 ©S
through false. affidavits filed in connec
tion with the location of school lands
in Oregon and California, If Is
charged that Benson. Hyde and others
Induced citizens of those States to sign
applications for locations under the
belief that they were merely dispos
ing of their right to make an applica
tion as a citizen of the State In ques
tion. The applications, It Is further
claimed, were accompanied by falsa
and fictitious affidavits. ' .. •
Benson's examination was set for
Thursday next.
WOODCHOPFER TSES AX .
TO SETTLE A QUARREL
Younar Gllbo Is Accused of Making a
Murderous Assault on Henri Mo
ser In Northern Sonoma. ' .
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 20. — Henri Mo
ser and Young Glibo. woodchoppers,
had a serious quarrel yesterday at tho
Moulton Hill Vineyard Company's
property In northern Sonoma. Gllbo.
it is alleged, used an ax on Moser'3
head. He was arrested and bound
over for trial before the Superior
Court on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. Both men had been
drinking claret in large quantities and
quarreled- 'over some trivial ; matter.
Glibo then sought the woodpile and
secured- an ax. Moser, it .is claimed,
was. attacked from behind akd-se
verely Injured. „<' '
In Norfolk it is customary to speak
of attending a funeral as "following**
the remains. A young medical man
from London, who had taken a prac
tice in Norfolk, was sadly nonplused
the other morning on receiving a letter
from a disconsolate widow announcing
the death of her husband, and adding
as a, postscript: ""We all hope you' will
follow him."— London Tit-Bits. 'FIRST LAND FIGHT OF WAR
OCCURS ON SOIL OF KOREA
Cossack Pickets Attack a Small Detachment '. of
Japanese on Frontier and Take Prisoners
\ Bearing Maps and Papers. :,;•■'
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 20.— A dis
patch from -Port Arthur to-day says
the rirst land encounter occurred yes
terday, a picket of Cossacks at
tacked a small detachment of Japan
ese troops in Korean territory. The
Cossacks captured some Japanese,
on whom they found maps and papers.
The collision was presumably be
tween recor.noitering parties. A gen
eral engagement is not expected to oc
cur immediately.
A special Port Arthur dispatch says
the Japanese fleet was observed oVi
February 18 cruising off that port .
Reports from Northern Korea say
the Koreans are showing a decidedly
friendly attitude toward the Russians.
The Manchurian Railroad is convey
ing troops without difficulty to the
Various points of concentration.
Xative, reports say that the Chinese
pirates since the outbreak of hostili
ties have been displaying such activity
in Eastern Asiatic waters as almost to
paralyze the coasting trade.
• Major General Pflug, the chief of
staff of Viceroy Alexieff. telegraphed
from Port Arthur to-day as follows:
"The situation at Port Arthur is un
changed. A sotnia of Cosaeks, march
ing f^rom Wiju, captured a Japanese
major, Tatsaru. with five soldiers and
two civilians. The reports regarding
the enemy are generally contradictory
and scarce. It is understood that
tlTe troops of Yuan Shih Kai. com
mander in chief of the Chinese army,
are being dispatched to Chinchau and
Kupangtse (Chungking province). All
is quiet in Manchuria."
BAIKAL. DISASTER SLIGHT.
With reference to the stories of a
disaster to the Russian troops at Lake
Baikal (one report saying that three
regiments were drowned ' while at
tempting to cross the ice-covered
Jake) It is explained that the trans-
Baikal line was blocked at the Baikal
station during the night of February
IS by an avalanche of snow, which
Jell from a neighboring mountain. A
train having troops on board dashed
into . the obstruction, the locomotive
v.-as derailed and In the succeeding
five cars one soldier was killed, five
were severely injured and fourteen
slightly hurt. Traffic was expected to
be resumed the following day.
Further advices from Port Arthur
•to-day say that all the women and
children and most of the male civil
ians have left that place and that
■ practically only the garrison remains.
The wave of patriotism sweeping
over the empire seems to be swamping
racial feeling, even the wild tribes of
the Caucasus, the discontented Finns
&nd the sullen Poles forgetting their
grievances and coming forward to vol
unteer their services to the common
latherlanll.
t An instance of devotion among the
Czar's Hebrew subjects Is afforded by
the act of forty-rive Jewish doctors in
giving up their practice to go to the
front. Before leaving they attended
a service held in a synagogue here.
Rabbi Drabakin made a fervent ad
dress to a large congregation, which
included Baron Ginzberg and other
Jewish notables. He said:
"Our fatherland is passing through
a difficult epoch. The moment has
come when you. my brothers, must
ihow the whole world that you are not
unworthy sons of your country and
that, although standing apart before
the altar of religion, you are united
with other citizens before the altar of
patriotism and are ready with all the
Czar's faithful lieges to sacrifice your
selves for the fatherland. Remember
that Russia is strong, not only in
arms, but in God's blessing."
After the service the congregation
sang the national hymn.
ACTIVITY OF THE CZARINA.
* The Czarina, who continues to take
great personal interest in the work of
providing for the sick and wounded of
trie war, presided to-day at a special
meeting of the Ladies' Patriotic Soci
ety, which was attended by several
• grand duchesses and others of the
highest ladies in the land. She also
presided at a service held at the Win
ler Palace .at which the girls of the
DB» PIEECE'S REMEDIES.
dLRftft HII^ Ain ' nt
FOR WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a
record such as no. other remedy for the
diseases and weaknesses peculiar to
-omen ever attained, the proprietors of
Dr Pierce's Favorite Prescription now
feel fully -arrantedin offering to pav
5500 in legal , money of the United
States, for aay' case of Leucorrhea, Fe-
-iaie Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falhnsr
of Womb which they cannot cure. All
they ask is a fair and reasonable tnal of
thrir means of cure.
The yice-PresMent Independent Order
of Good Templars.
«V.n experience which many women hat«— as
reitted by Mis« A— i« Stubbing*, of 131 East
T*h smit-SCe- York City. «« follow! : "I
hr.d very poor health for a year until life
locked dark aad dreary to tne. Had fcead-
r-ches. backache. el*> pain, my ,«»«"» *T"
brefcea and fitftfl. I loured for health. Tned
fccvcral medicine* but nose —ere of any last-
ing benefit nntil I took Doctor Pierce'8 Fa-
%-crite prescription. I soon realised that I
had fotnd the right remedy. It helped nature
•9 throw off the poisons that eaturaied the
sveeta i, removed all pains and strengthened
the directive orpin*, and broorht the rp»«. of
hrallh back to ray cheeks. This medicine II
take-; ©ccasionally'keeps the system in perfect
i-ondition. helping: it to throw off the disease
i»nd con»eguence» of exposure to dampness. .1
ecl pleased to pve it try endorsement-"
"Favorite Prescription'' makes weak
women strong/ sick women well. Ac- ■
cept no substitute for . the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense • Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt, of 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper-covered book,
or 31. stamps for. the cloth-bound. Ad*
Areas Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
imperial schools acted as choristers.
During a discussion in regard to
utilizing the services unsparingly of
fered hv. the girlhood and womanhood
of Russia for the relief of the wounded
the Czarina proposed temporarily to
suspend the studies in the girls'
schools in order that the girls might
be able to devote the school hours to
sewing. The suggestion was ap
plauded, but no definite action was
taken. Her Majesty, who is an ex
pert needlewoman, has done much to
encourage sewing among Russian so
ciety women. ,
Xqw that the Government has offi
cially recognized the public subscrip
tion to provide war vessels to replace
those destroyed by the enemy the
newspapers are discussing the best
type of vessel, opinion veering from
submarine boats to torpedo boat de
stroyers. A service organ points out
that cruisers would take too long to
build, adding that it prefers powerful
torpedo boats and suggests that they
be built where the Japanese got
theirs.
Financial circles approve the action
of the Imperial Bank in selling Lon
don. Paris and Berlin bills cheaper
than before the war. believing this
measure will thwart the speculators in
those centers, where they are trying
to force down the price of the ruble.
The municipality, of Khabarovsk,
East Siberia, has drawn up a scale of
prices for foodstuffs to prevent specu
lation during the war.
HOW THE WAR STARTED.
A Russian account of the. events
immediately preceding the rupture
with Japan was published in the Offi
cial Messenger to-day with "the object
of rectifying certain statements from
Japanese sources." In this account it
is stated that upon receipt of the late
Japanese proposals, on January 16, the
Government immediately proceeded to
examine the Japanese demands, and
on January 25 Kurino, the Japanese
Minister, was informed, in reply to his
inquiry, that the Czar had intrusted
the proposals to a special conference,
the members of which would meet on
January 28, and that his Majesty's de
cision probably would not be given be-
MASKED MEN
RAID SALOONS
Bold Hold-Up Men Operate Suc
cessfully in the Western
Addition and the Mission
fTAKE CASH AXD'JfiWELBY
Louis Koenig of 1601 Turk
Street and Dominick Moran,
1526 Howard Street, Victims
Three men robbed six others in the
bar of the grocery store of Louis Koe
nig, at the corner of Pierce and Turk
streets, at 11:20 o'clock last night and
secured about $30 in cash, a gold
watch and two revolvers. The robbers
were In the saloon but five minutes
and did not get all of the money car
riefl by the frequenters of the place, be
ing Frightened away by a passing car
before they had completed their search.
Five men, Conrad Richter, a Jeweler
of 13 Willow avenue; Ameil Shammel,
Paul Biel, W. E. Stroepzel and a man
'known as Sam, with the proprietor,
Louis Koenig, were sitting in the bar
room, when the robbers entered. One
of the crooks came In by the Pierce
street side door and another by the
Turk-street front entrance, while the
third stood guard on the sidewalk, Just
outside of the place.
The robbers wore white handker
chiefs over their faces and went about
the work, of securing the valuables of
the inmates of the barroom in an ama
teurish fashion. Each of them leveling
a huge' revolver at the heads of the
crowd commanded them to throw up
their hands and face the wall. While
one went through the pockets of the
victims the other passed behind the bar
and opening the*register extracted from
it about $5 in coin, a gold watch and
chain valued at $75 belonging to, Ihe
proprietor and two loaded revolvers.
The robbers got little coin from^the
men lined against the wall. The search
they made of the pockets was done
hurriedly, the crooks being In a hurry
and apparently nervous through fear
of detection. A passing car clanged its
bell and the man on guard on the side
walk called to his companions to make
their exit. Backing hurriedly out of the
saloon, the thieves commanded the
crowd to keep silence, threatening to
come back and riddle the whole bunch
with lead if they attempted to make an
outcry.
Several hundred dollars was over
looked by the holdup men in - their
haste. They neglected to go through
the vest pockets of the victims/where
most of them carried their money.
Twelve dollars was taken from the
trousers of Koenig, Richter yielded up
$4 50, Shammel contributed $7, Biel's
clothes were relieved of all he had, $6.
Sam's pockets were turned inside out,
but failed to produce any of the "filthy
lucre."
The men who were held up say that
the robbers were about the age of 18.
They'dld not see the man on the'side
walk, but describe the two that did
the Job as being the proverbial tall and
short ones. Koenig claims that the rob
bers acted very nervous and constantly
listened for signs of any one approach
ing.
The police were' notified and arrived
on the scene about two hours after the
deed was committed. The robbers ran
down Turk street and were lost in the
darkness before any'of the unfortunate
contributors to the crooks* relief fund
could give the alarm.
Shortly, after. 10 o'clock last, evening, a
man wearing a black mask entered the
, - ■ ■ ■..■-,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
fore^February 2. On the last named
date Emperor Nicholas ordered the
preparation of a draft of definitive in
structions to Baron de Rosen, the Rus
sian Minister to Japan, based upon the
deliberations of this conference. On
February 3 identical telegrams were
sent to Viceroy Alexieff and Baron de
Rosen containing the text of the draft
of a proposed Russo-Japanese agree
ment, with a full statement of the rea
sons which prompted Russia to mod
ify the Japanese proposals, and general
Instructions to Baron de Rosen con
cerning the presentation of the reply
to the Japanese Government. . Forty
eight hours .before the receipt of the
news of the rupture Foreign Minister
L.amsdor2C notified Kurino of the dis
patch of the Russian reply. On Feb
ruary 5 Viceroy Alexieff notified the
Foreign Olnce of Baron de Rosen's re
ceipt of the reply. .
On February 6 at 4 p. m. Kurino
quite unexpectedly handed to Count
Lamsdorff two notes, notifying him of
the rupture of the negotiations of dip
lomatic relations and adding that he
(Kurino) "and his staff would leave St.
Petersburg on February 20. These
notes were accompanied by a public
letter from Kurino to Count Lams
dorff, expressing the hope that the
rupture of relations would be con
fined to the shortest possible time. On
the same day Viceroy Alexieff, Baron
de Rosen and all the Russian repre
sentatives in Peking, .Tokio and the
capitals of the great powers were in
formed by urgent telegrams of the
rupture of relations and of the issue of
an imperial order withdrawing the
Russian legation from Tokio and lay
ing upon Japan the responsibility for
all consequences ensuing. The com
munication
"Although the breaking off of dip
lomatic relations by no means implied
the opening of hostilities, the Japanese
Government, as early as the night of
February 8 and during February 9 and
10. committed a whole series of re
volting attacks on Russian warships
and merchantmen, attended by viola
tions of "international law. The de
cree of the Emperor of Japan declar
ing war was. not issued . until Feb
ruary 11."
PAST CHIEFS
HOLD SESSION
Former Presidents of the Native
Son t Parlors Celebrate In
stallation of Xcw Officers
. ...... - .- v ■ ■ ■ '/■
SOCIETY IS PROSPEROUS
Some Old Timers Tell of
the Order and Its Progress
Since the Previous Gathering
- •
The Past Presidents' Association of
the Native ijons of the Golden "West
held a meeting last night, and after the
initiation of six eligibles to membership
adjourned to' a fashionable restaurant,
where about seventy members partook
of the annual banquet in celebration of
the installation of the officers for the
present term, who are: Charles T. Rose,
chaplaln;\D. Q. Troy, governor; John
F. Linehan, J. F. Hanson and J. F.
Stanley, vice governors;- William J.
Donlon, recording secretary; Henry E.
Faure, financial secretary; Charles H.
Turner, treasurer; Frank McAllister,
sergeant-at-arms; Joseph Rose, inside
officer; Henry Joost, outside officer; M.
A. Devine, Peter G. Du Py and. E. E.
Fisher, directors.
The tables were magnificently deco
rated and a first-class menu was
served, and after the black coffee had
been served there was drunk the health
of the following named, who came
from San Jose to attend the meeting
and following good time: F. Doer, A.
B. Barker,' E. Younger, J. Belloli, J.
Deslmone, T. Belloli, T. Schumacher,
T. Monahan, C. O'Conneli and George
M. Kelly.
There were present many of those
who were presidents of parlors in this
city twenty or more years ago.
D. Q. Troy, the Governor, was toast
master and he called upon the follow
ing named to respond to toasts: Dr.
Charles "W. Decker, who told of how
it felt to%e marshal of a parlor In or
der to reach the station of president;
Joseph R. Knowland, who spoke of the
prosperity of the association: Judge
Murasky, who made a eulogistic speech
on the Native Sons as an order;
Past Grand President L. F. Byington,
who told of the delights of having been
president of a parlor and a member of
the celebrating association; Second
Grand Vice President J. L. Gallagher,
who told of the order in general; Third
Grand Vice President Waller D. Wag
ner, A. D. Barker and E. C. Stock.
The association, during the last year,
was successful and addeda. good num
ber of "have tfeens" to the ranks.
grocery store at 4526 Howard street,
owned by Dominick Moran, and cover-
Ing the<clerk, A. M. Johnson, and three
men "with whom the employe was con
versing, ordered them to throw up their
hands.
The fellow tnen ordered Johnson
and his friends Into a corner of the
barroom, where he kept them under
cover of his . weapon while he went
behind the counter and took from the
cash register between $40 and $50. He
then retreated from'the store and
disappeared .down* Howard street.
Johnson immediately .gave the alarm,
but by. the time the police arrived the
robber had evidently placed consider
able distance between himself and the
scene of his bold act.
St. . Paul ships more mushrooms
than any other city, the supply coming
largely from abandoned beer vaults.
. . .-■ ;. • , ' ; '..' '...-."., /.; ,. :..^... ....": ADVEKTISEMENTi. ■ ■'^■Ij'-L^ :
—■--..■«.■..■..■■—■■■ ...■■■■«—■.■■,■■ ■■■■,-.. .■ -i ..,■„„ * .,■■■■*■■■-■■-■■--■■■ ,p-...- ■■■■■■-,,■ y... — ■ ■ i. -■■■■■.■■ -■■■■—■»■■ ■■■■- ,■■-..■■■■■- ■
Style— Warmth— Economy--alI for.
\7°U hav& no doubt felt the necessity of a good warm
I lMim^m^^^^i&^^^^^m0^ I overcoat thi s winter. Why not get that overcoat off
! your mind and on your back? - : ?£?M
i 'W^mm^^^^^^^^& HH»^ ; We could say considerable about these overcoats which
| '^^^^^^^^W^^^^^^^^^m. JliilllE we are sellin § at $ 8 - 6 ?- Tne Y have so many good features.
! '^^^^^^t^"^S^^^f&^i^^^^^^^ A great .deal can be done through ink and paper.
i r But see5n - tne g°°ds settles the argument at once.
! W^0W^X^^m^^^^^^^m Seeing is convincirg. If we are satisfied to let results rest
%|j^p|K||ri>S^^'SSS^^^^^ •' " Your seej ng will confirm our saying. These overcoats
are %°°d ]n material, style and workmanship — they are
i^^^^lkiSS^Mfe^p^pl Our reason for this reduction is t0 kee P us bu5V in
' The overcoats have been reduced from $12.50 to $8.65.
■•■'■"■' Some are blue and black cheviots, 45 inches Ions; some are
®^ffi^tl^^^^^^^W^ ' rough mixed cheviots, 50 inches long, with belts in back;
i .^^^NtS^^^^^i^^^^^^ Several suits have also been reduced from $12.50 to
- ■ $8.65. They are single and double breasted garments in
WILL FURNISH
WATER SUPPLY
Magnificent , System _ of Stor
age Kcscyvoirs Is to /Be
Completed in the Southland
WORK IS, TO BE RUSHED
Managing Director Company
Is Preparing Report on the
Part Remaining to Be Built
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 20.— John D.i
Spreckels has decided to push to com
pletion the magnificent system of stor
age reservoirs and water 'distribution
known as the Southern California
Mountain Water Company, of which
he is the president and principal own
er. This conclusion was reached while
he was here on a visit this week, and
he has directed . Managing Director
Clayton to prepare for him-a complete
and detailed report upon the system,
not only as to the portions already
completed, .but also on that which has
not yet been touched. Clayton^will also
make suggestions as to the methods of
completion and as to the time for'com
mencing the work.
He has already commenced the
work before him and expects to have
It completed within sixty or ninety,
days, when the entire plan ■ and re
ports will be submitted to Mr.Spreck
els for his decision, > which will possi
bly be followed by. an announcement
as to the policy of the compaitiy upon
the method of completing the work. •
This country has been. visited dur
ing the past several years by exceed
ingly dry. winters. It is believed, how
ever, that the turning point has been
reached and that; a period of more
generous, annual rainfall will come. ,
ALA3IEDA HIGH SCHOOL
IS DEFEATED IX DEBATE
Judges Award the Stanford Cup to
Representatives of the Commercial
Evening of San -Francisco.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.
The fourth annual ] debate of . the
Academic Debating League of Califor
nia held here to-night resulted ' in a
victory for the Commercial Evening
School of Sa"n Francisco, the debaters
of that school winning the ' Stanford
cup from the Alamedj# High School.
The question discussed was, "Resolved,
That a democratic form of government
is not best' adapted to th.e French peo
ple." Alameda was represented on
the affirmative by Ralph Marx, Stephen
Otis and Frank O'Brien. The negative
was upheld for the Commercial, Even-
Ing School by Louis Dlebels, A. Becker
and W. E. Trefts. - V'X<
Claims He Was Robbed.
J. J. Lyness, living at 520. Twentieth
street, was picked up on Jessie street
last night suffering from several lacer
ations of the scalp. At the Emer
gency Hospital he claimed that he had
been assaulted and : robbed of $200. He
was under the influence of liquor and
the police placed ; littfe credence in his
story. .• -y'\ \ .,:■ ■'•■: - : V .:■''./
To-Morrow, '•■Washington's'", Birthday,
.. \.. , - . ;•. ■ ■ l Closed-." >vV.-;- v ...
The Pattosien Company wilKbe closed
to-mprrow. The store will be open again
on Tuesday for the usual rush, at corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets, - • ■* *
WARRANTS OUT
FOR OFFICIALS
Chief of Police of a City
Is Accused of Participa
tion in a Poolroom Riot
PROMINENT MEN INVOLVED
Serious Charges Are Filed in
a Number of Warrants, and
Effort Is Made for Secrecy
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 20. — Warrants
were issued by State's Attorney Brown
for the arrest of Patrick McCain
bridge. Chief of Police of Madison;
Policeman William Street and John
Leeham and twelve other men, charg
ing participation in the riot at the
Madison poolroom yesterday.
Aside from the names of Will
Coyne, a son of Mayor Coyne of Mad
ison, .and John Paul, State's Attorney
Brown's father-in-law, the names of
those ■ for whom the warrants were
issued-were carefully concealed. Each
warrant carries six charges.
Assault, carrying concealed wea
pons, assault with intent to kill and
maim, assault with a deadly weapon,
flourishing, a deadly weapon and riot
ing were-the charges named in the
warrants. '
BANK SAYS ADAMS'
, CHECKS ARE WORTHLESS
Arrest of Son of Wealthy Oakland
Man Sought by Grocer
Hollenstelncr.
An application was made by Ernest
HoUensteiner, grocer, Geary street, at
the Bond and Warrant Clerk's office
yesterday for a warrant for the arrest
of Fred S. Adams. HoUensteiner said
that Adams had cashed, a check with
him ." for ?100 ' on the Donohoe - Kelly
Banking Company. The, check was
signed by Adams, but when he sent it
to the bank \it was marked "no. ac
count."; He had called at the bank and
had- been told that several other checks
signed by Adams had been presented
for payment, and he was led to under
stand ; that Adams* family had taken
up the checks.
, At J HoUensteiner' s suggestion Bond
and 'Warrant Clerk FItzpatrick sent a
letter to Adams', people in Oakland In
forming them that a warrant had been
applied for and asking for an explana
tion, by Tuesday, otherwise it would be
issued. Adams' father was at one time
Sheriff of Alameda County, and it is
said that the family, is wealthy.
BRITISH COLUMBIANS \
•TO BUILD NEW RAILWAY
Application -Is Made, to Parliament for
• a Cliartcr for the Crawford Bay
and St. Marf Company.
VANCOUVER, B. C., Feb. 20.—
British Columbia is to have another
up-country railway. . (
Application is being made to
Parliament for a charter for the Craw
ford Bay and St. Mary Railroad Com
pany,, with power to construct and
maintain a railway for the carrying
of freight and passengers from a point
near ■ Crawford Bay, in the ; district of
West Kootehai Lake, > by and through
the -.valley- of Crawford Creek and the
.valley' of ; the 'St.- Mary's River, to a
point-near Fort Steele t in the district
of East Kootenai- W3$L
INDICTMENTS
AFTER TRAGEDY
Special' Grand. Jury in Chicago
Reports on the Responsi
bility for the Theater Fire
FIVE MEN ON THE LIST
Formal Statement About the
Iroquois Horror Is .Deferred,
but Names Are Mentioned
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— The special
Grand Jury summoned to investigate
the Iroquois Theater flre completed its
labors to-night by voting indictments
against five men and no bills against
four others. . The formal report of the
jury will not be made public until next
Tuesday. N
. Those who were Indicted are Will J.
Davis, part owner of the Iroquois The
ater; Thomas Noonan, business man
ager of the theater, and James E. Cum
mings, stage carpenter, all of whom
are charged withnianslaughter; George
Williams, city Building Commissioner,
and Edward Laughlin, city Buildrflg In
spector, charged with culpable omis
sion of official duty in office.
"No bills" were voted against Mayor
Harrison, Fire Marshal Mushman. Fire
man "William H. Sellers and William
McMullen, operator of the floodlight
which set fire to the asbestos curtain. \
• WASHINGTON. Feb. 20. — The Senate to-djy
confirmed the nomination of George Brown, to
be Postmaster at Corona. CaL • .
H •- ■ r^W A MILIJON AMERICAN BOTJNOtNG 1
5 /W' BABIES are kspt crowing with the de- I
H >*^*&&L light of living: because their mamas have ■
11 learned to use OASCARETS Candy Ca- if
H / **^^ltJr%iJ&£- thartic. Neighborly neighbors tell S
p jf ®ac— other of OASOARETS and the P
H // - \Ea —ind words said have created a sale of K
3 V,/ «ift over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. E
H // / Hli It is easy to protect infants against |
E 1(1 4Hv children's complaints, because all
H %«*'' '"*'"* -! *nKs& these perils have their besrinningr in
6 - jjgVrtn JJrjJag stomach and bo-w -els, and we have
H /T*>f /* -r-"P wRw^ v in CASCARETS a perfect medicine
*L V &•' J Jfs^ JIcIlvS that will always keep the delicate
5B V^!S l l jwty l) machinery in a child's body clean,
1 Y' regular and in working order. Chil-
§! \A - dren like the little candy tablet and
g 'I j&g are kept safe from all stomach, bowel,
a V '■*"*» TliBr blood and skin diseases. All druggists,
3 lW\__^^_fil 1Oc > 25c » 50<x NEVER SOLD IN BULK.
H -C^_555S»«ral5s. T* 16 geuuine tablat stamped
Eg COO. Sample and booklet free, jj
1 "They make me STEBLINQ REMEDY CO., U
H feet so soodr* ' Ohicaffo or New York p
I ANFSUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES I
1 Greatest in the WorSd - ggg «_!
FIND BODIES
IN WRECKAGE
Remains of Four More Victims
of the Dynamite Explosion
at Jackson Are Recovered
'TWENTY - EIGHT PERISH
Railroad Track Is Blown Up
for Several- Hundred Feet
and Many Cars Are Shattered
OGDEN, Utah, Feb. 20.— A speciU
train bearing the Coroner and under
takers left early this morning for Jack
son, the sceng of yesterday's explosion.
The train, with the dead, numbering
tv. enty-eight, will arrive this evening.
An inquest will be held at Jackson and
the affair will be investigated to ascer
tain where the blame lies.
Advices to-day state that the explo
sion of dynamite tore up the track for
several hundred feet, shattered several
freight cars and blew a hole in the
ground about fifty feet deep. During
the day hundreds of Greeks hung about
the depot and morgues awaiting the
arrival of the bodies. The total num
ber of dead now is twenty-eight — eight
Americans and twenty Greeks. George
Kachianis, one of the Injured, died at
the hospital this afternoon. Four bodies
were found to-day several hundred feet
from the railroad tracks where the ex
plosion occurred:
If Rothschild really wants the Arc
tic flea he should send a yellow dog
after it. — Portland' Oregonian.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2526
* 1 "A HAYSEED " | *
IN COLORS
yUgpg ib«*^ .' "" j9a?y^ *'■*-** 4* y*s ? - \^. 1 ' fe^ ■ r * i; Y ■■ * ■■■■-■* . " 1 '■ ■ ■■ * ' : ' ' V''"' ' ■THfilB^F^SlMiliT*'" *-^'' v -- < "* )^K[
"A HAYSEED."
The Tite of Next' Sunday's 'Art Suppfement IMs tfie j
Introduction of an Entirety New Idea in Cofor Printing |
'■ : 1 '
"A Hajsccd" is reproduced in three colors from a Tonnesson platinum. \
a copyrighted study fmm life, and portrays in exquisite colors a charming N , 1
it'.iss In all the beauty and glory of younjj womanhood. -,
f !'nis subject depicts an ideal A*merican ty«)e. The rich coloring of her ♦!
Col'Jrn Imlr, the careless arrangement of her suuboiinvt and waist expoi^- - (
in^ « dellcatelv chiseled neck and bust combine to a'lve thL« study dlj-
tfnetivenes!* and ciiaracter. •'
Copies of the original, which arj to be given away, are displayed ,•':". (
p.romint ntly throughout the city. Don't fail to inspect one. {
It's Tree With . Next Sunday's San Francisco Caff;
. (
All News Dealers and Train News Agents Sell The Call. !
JERSEY ISLAND PACKING
COMPANY AGAIN IX COURT
Filos an Action for Rent and Damages
Against Pacific Coast Dredging
and Reclamation Company.
Once more is the Jersey Island
Packing Company, a .corporation con
ducted by the wealthy Wright family
of San Jose, in litigation. Yesterday
it commenced an action against the
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama
tion Company for $200 rent for two
rcowf, 51395 expended in repairing
the scows after they had been reutrn
*»d by Ih* defendant and $1030 alleged
by the plaintiff to have been lost by it
through the idleness of the., scows
while feeing repaired.
It was only a few months ago that
the plaintiff corporation dismissed
more than forty suits it had instituted
acainst various corporations, one of
which was the companV sued yester
day. The multiplicity of actions was
caused by the fact that the Wright
family, which was interested in all
the corporations, both plaintiff and
defendant, had a quarrel over money
matters. Judging by the suit filed yes
terday the declaration of peace at
the time, of the dismissal was but a
temporary affair.
Uh Quong Tart, the most distin
guished Chinese resident of Australia.
t\ ho has just died, held the dignity of a
mandarin, was a fluent speaker in*Eng
lish and several other languages and
vas reputed to be a very wealthy mer
chant.
2<£W ADVESTISEMENTS.
2APPT BEBT7Z.TS OBTAINED
27 the X7se d the Z7eir Scalp Antiseptic.
!t arouldnt take lone: to number the
fcrirs Jn the heads of some people, the
reasor. being; they haven't many to num-
ber. In most instances, however, the
fa.uit is -their own. A germ at the root
noon plays 3:avoc with the most luxuri-
ant growth and causes it to fade and fall
out. A remedy 'or this has recently been
discovered, called NVwbro's Herpldde.
that act* by destroying th« germ that
«Jiips the damage, besides removinK all
impurities from the scalp. In addition it
permits new life and vigpr to enter the
ecalp and happy results are sure to be
obtained from its use. Try it. Sold by
leading: drusgists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Hcrpicide Co., Detroit.
me*.
COOK ENFORCES ARGUMENT
WITH KNIFE AND CLEAVER
Kitchen of the ilcrchant.s' Club Is the
Scene of am Attempt to Com
mit Murder.
Peter Hourtane, chief cook at the
Merchants' Club, complained to the
police last evening that Romeo Mitch
til, v.ho fills the position of «econd in
command in the culinary department,
attempted to decapitate him with a
butcher knife and cleaver, and dis
played :i number of cuts on the neck
to substantiate his assertion. Accord
ing to the story told to Captain Mar
ti!!, Mitchell became enraged /by rea
son cf the statement made by his.su
perior that liquor had Incapacitated
him for work and attempted to re
fute what he considered a libel in. a
manner not conducive to good halth
or hanpiness.
The trouble occurred in the kitchen
of the Merchants' Club, an organiza
tion composed of "captains of indus
try," located in the Npw York Mutual
Life building, corner of Sansome and
California streets. Hourtane up
braided Mitchell for his apparent in
toxicated condition and the latter ar
gued the point with a butcher knife.
Hourtane was severely cut in the neck
and just as his assailant was about to
wield a murderous cleaver Bruce R<3
land, steward of the club, intervened
and hostilities ceased.
Dr. W. A. "Dougherty was sum
moned and dressed the wounds sus
tained by Hourtane. The police were
notified and Detective* Harry Rey
nolds was detailed to ascertain the
whereabouts of Mitchell and place
him under arrest.
Arrested on Burglary Charge.
John Burke was arrested, last night
by Patrolman Clifford and booked at
the Harbor station on a charge of
burglary. Burke went into ; Smith's
Cash Store on Market street about 7
o'clock last evening and while the
clerk's attention was attracted, to an
other part of the establishment pur
loined three pairs of trousers. . He was
caught coming out of the place. The
stolen groods were found under his
coat.
THE SAN' 7 FRAXCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
NORWEGIANS GIVE CONCERT
TO AID THEIR COUNTRYMEN
People Made Homeless by Fire in
Town of Anlcsund to Be Ren
dered Assistance.- *
The Norwegians of San Francisco
gave :i concert last night at the Al
hambra Theater. The proceeds of
the affair are to go to the relief of the
Norwegians of Aalesund, a little fish
ing village on the coast of Norway that
was wiped out by fire lasfmonth.
The theater was crowded with an
enthusiastic audience. Rev. E. M.
Stensrud delivered «n address and an
excellent musical programme was ren
dered. It was as follows:
Addr«\«s. Rev. E. M. Stensrud: sons, '"From
the Ciar'a Life" (Glinka). Mrs. Paraskeva
Kandelin Greevsky: violin, '•Sonata, C Major"
(Grieg). Hollier Wismer; songs, (a) "Awake"
(Pelissier). ib) "The Sweetest Flower" (Haw.
ley <e) "Ermelln Rof«s" (Peterson-Berger).
II I m Jng»borK Rcsch Pettersen: song«. (a)
••Kfteraarrstormen" — "The Autumn Storm" —
(Grits), (b) "My Heart and Lyre" (Kierulf;,
Mrs. M. Wttm^r; violin, trio and adagio
(Slndtng), Hother Wismer; sone "LJungby
Horn' iFrledbers). Mrs. Paraskeva Sanderlln
Greevsfcj:; piano, (a) 'Bridal March" (Grieg),
<b) Etude in <.", op 'Si (KublnKtein). Anton
Dahl: Minn* (a) "Uaeven laa under Birkerod"
— "t51y Renard I^ay Under Dusky Pine" —
(Klerulf). <l>) "Solveigs Song" (Grieg). <c)
"Aagot3 FJeldsang" — "Mountain Song" —
(folksong), (d) Polka (from Dalarne, national
dance). Miss Ingeborg Resch Tettersen; accom
panist, Frederick Maurer.
The committee of arrangements
was as follows:
John Ferem, chairman; Dr. Martha
G. Thorwick, secretary;. A. BJolstad,
treasurer; Rev. E. M. Stensrud; Mr3.
de Bruun.-John Olsen, J. Herdal, Miss
R. Bjornstad, O. A. Tveltmoe, Mrs. K.
M. Dahl, Mrs. G. T. Quisling, Neils
Neilsen and J. Stangeland. ' /
Hold Masquerade 'Ball.
The Verein Eintracht of San Fran
cisco held its grand annual prize mas
querade ball last evening at Eintracht
Hall on Twelfth street. The maskers
appeared in all kinds of ludicrous dis
guises and remained masked until 12
o'clock, when the dancers 1 -, revealed
their identity. '
To-Morrow, Washington's Birthday,
Closed.
The Pattosien Company will be closed
to-morrow. The store will be open again
on Tuesday for the usual rush, at corner
Sixteenth and Mission street3. •
JOHN GARBER IS NAMED
FOR PANAMA COMMISSION
President Selects Distinguished Member of San Francisco
Bir Association for Place on Canal Board and Asks
.Senatoi Perkins to Urge Him to Accept Appointment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, D.. C. Feb. 20.— If
Judge John Garber. the well-known
Sun Francisco lawyer, wishes to serve
on the Canal Commission he may do
so. President Roosevelt has signified
a desire that he shall so serve. The
President, to-day sent for both Cali
fornia Senators and told them he had
selected Judge Garber to represent the
Pacific Coast and asked Senator Per
kins to wire Garber and urge him to
accept. Both Senators* were taker,
somewhat by, surprise by the action of
the President, as Garber's name' had
not been suggested by either for the
honor, while the whole delegation was
united in presenting another name last
year, besides submitting, several other
names receiving the indorsement of
California business and scientific men.'
>io one £n the delegation seems dis
posed to criticise the selection, all
agreeing that if a lawyer is desired on
t.ho commission a good one has been
chosen in the person of Garber.
•That a lawyer should/- be .selected
seems -to bo the point of surprise, a3
the President is nuolcd as having re
peatedly said he would not appoint, a
man of that profession. He is said to
have first determined upon a medical
man, who would give his attention to
the sanitary nesds of the isthmus. It
was with this understanding that the
delegation last year united in present
ing the name of Dr. Chester Rowell of
Fresno,, regent of the California Uni
versity and State Senator. Dr. Rowell's
name was suggested and championed
especially by Senator Bard. Later
the President is said to have signified
a preference for an engineer hailing
from the Pacific Coast, and the names
of Messrs.* Manson and Schussler were
suggested by their friends, while the
faculty of the University of : Nevada
presented the name of Mr. Grunsky of
the San Francisco Board of Public
Works. The utility of a good business
man on the board being suggested, the
name of L. D. Craig was presented by
the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce.
F1SLTOX- FAVORS GAKBER.
Among the other candidates for the
honor were M. H. de Young. William
P.abcock. T. C. Raleigh of Humboldt
Cqunty and several others. It is said
that the President sent for former
Senator Felton while the latter was in
this city a few days aso in relation to
this matter and that Felton suggested
the name of Garber. ;
Judge Garber is a Democrat, but the
President is quoted as saying that he
would not allow politics, or any other
consideration, to influence him in form
ing this commission save the fitness of
thp men for the work in hand.
"This is not a State appointment, but
a national one," said Senator Perkins
this evening, speaking of the proposed
appointment. "It is true that the Cali
fornia delegation was not consulted
about it previously, 'doubtless foi* that
reason. I do not; know -'how Judge
Garber's name was suggested, or why
it appealed to the President, causing
him to determine upon it. I have only
to say that I am glad California is
honored by" a place on the commission,
and 1 Judge Garber is a very capable
man.
"The first I knew of t s President's
intention in this, regard vr.s yesterday
afternoon, when I called at the White
House at the President's request, and
he informed me," said Senator Bard
to-day. "1 think ex-Senator Felton
suggested the name. Judge Garber, I
know, was highly esteemed by the late
Senator Hanna and is so by Senator
Beveridge. I have no opinion to ex
press concerning the selection, but will
do so by my vote when the appoint
ment comes up for confirmation."
MAY NOT ACCEPT PLACE.
Several members of the California
delegation are of the opinion that Judge
Garber will not accept the appointment,
on account of his years and the ne
cessity of-his traveling to the isthmus.
The Canal Commission will be com
posed of seven members, two of whom
will be chosen from the army and navy.
Of these Admiral Walker, president of
the present board, will be one, and Gen
eral Davis, now in the Philippines, an
other.
Engineer Randolph of Chicago, who
constructed the drainage canal! will
also be of the number. No formal an
nouncement of the personnel of the
commission will be made before the
ratification of the treaty, which will be
made next Tuesday. * <i
Chairman Sherman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, agreeable to a prom
ise made the California delegation this
year, has made provision in the Indian
appropriation bill for a depot to be es
tablished in San Francisco for supplies
for the Indian reservations on the Pa
cific Coast. At this depot the supplies
will be concentrated 'and from there
distribution will be made.
Special orders, War Department-
Captain Ballou will proceed and Join
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Crip and
Prevents Pneumonia.
-IT y.cu'va a Cold
"77" will br^ak it up.
If, yoU? ve the Grip,
"77" will knock it out.
If voci Cough
"77" will stop it.
If your throat hurts,
"77 ' will help it. ;.;
If.it is on your ches*,
"77" will cure it.
Jubilee Edition of Dr. Hum-
phreys' 'Manual Mailed Irree.
At Druffsiets, 25 cents/ or mailed.
Humphreys' Med. Co.. Cor. William & John
atx«eta.'I|r«w^Torav •
Company A. Fifteenth Infantry, at the
barracks at Monterey, Cal., upon the
departure of the TweKth Infantry from
San Francisco for. Manila, P. I. A leave
of absence for six months, to take ef
fect when his services can be spared
by the commanding general of the De
partment of California, with permission
to go beyond the sea. is granted Major
George O. Squier, signal corps.
The following named enlisted men of
the signal 'corps, now at the stations
designated after their respective names,
will proceed to Benicia Barracks, Cal
ifornia, and report upon arrival there
to the commanding officer of Company
C. signal corps, for duty jn the Philip
pine Islands: j First Class Sergeant
Niels H. Yurgenson, Fort Mason, Cali
fornia; First Class Sergeant Magnus
Nordq'ulst, Fort Sheridan, Illinois;
Corporal Tracy O. Winters/ Fort Myer,
Virginia; First Class Private James M.
Uiley, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and
Private Lee P. Deck, Fort Bliss. Texas.
GOES TO THE BUFORD.
Captain Alga P. Berry, Tenth -In
fantry, v.-ill report .in person ' to the
general superintendent of the army
transport service at San Francisco. fo/
assignment to duty temporarily a.a
acting quartermaster of the transport
Buford.
Navy orders- — Ensign ,S. Woods i3
detached from the Mohican at Mare
Island, Californiar for , duty on board
the submarine torpedo' boats now at
that yard. Midshipman J. P. Hart
goes to the Mohican.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — Bradtmoore, San Diego
County, Ellen S. "Whiting, postmis
tress, vice Kate Moore, resigned. Ore
gon — Meachani, Umatilla County,
Thomas B. Wells, postmaster; vice
Robert E. Porter, resigned; Ritter,
Grant County, S. F. Pringr. postmaster,
vice Charles E. Bocknrer. removed.
Washington — Barron, Whctcom Coun
ty, Arthur C. Egbert, postmaster, vice
Simon Veazey, removed; Berryman,
Wnlla Walla County, Charles M. Ber
ryman. vice James E. Berryman, re
signed; Home Valley, Skamania Coun
ty. W. S. Hosford, vice D. W. Mann.
Postmasters commissione|l: Califor
nia—Maynard H. Harms, New Alma
den, and Jacob Rehrenman. Lemoine.
PERSONAL.
Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Frazer of San
Jose are at the Grand. » .
Paul Burks, an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the California.
Rev. j". E. Noftsinger of Butte,
Mont., is at the Occidental.
James M. Meighan, a mining man of
Grovelan'd, is at the Palace.
' Dr. J. Wallace Dewltt and wife of
Antioch are guests at the Grand.
E. L. Finley, a publisher of Santa
Rosa, is staying at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. D. E. Blackburn of
Pescadero are staying at the Grand.
H. H. Yerrington, son of the well
known Nevada capitalist, is at the Pal
ace.
Henry R. Levy, a prominent mer
chant of San Bernardino, is staying at
the Lick*
J. ' J. Gottlob, the well-known
theatrical manager, and wife returned
from a visit to the East and are regis
tered at the Palace.
Governor Pardee, accompanied by
his wife, arrived in the city from Sac
ramento last evening. The health of
the Governor is somewhat improved.
He will leave for' Southern California
this forenoon. \
W. A. Clark, an attorney of Virginia
City, Mont., formerly a member of the
Legislature of that State, who made
sensational charges of corruption
against his namesake, United States
Senator W. A. Clark, several years
ngo, when the latter was fighting trie
late William Daly, is among the latest
arrivals at the Grand.
F. W. 'White, asistant general
freight agent of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, left last evening
for Alaska, . where he will represent
his company during the coming sum
mer, haying his headquarters at Daw
son and Skagway. He was accom
panied by J. E. Pliaro, general agent
of the company at Seattle, who will go
as far as the latter place.
TEACHERS DISCUSS TOPICS
AFFECTING THEIR .WELFARE
Council of Education , of California
State Association Holds Session
. at City Hnli;
The council of education of the Cali
fornia State Teachers' Association held
a session yesterday at the City Hall
for the purpose o* discussing matters
relative to the welfare of pedagogues.
Dr. E. C. Moore presided and J. >V. Me-
Clymonds was secretary. " , -
Some thirty educators from various
parts of the State took part in the dis
cussion, the main topic being a uniform
plan for tenure of office of teachers
throughout the State.
British-American Union Will Dine.
The British-American Union wilj
give its annual banquet on Saturday,
February 27, and it i3 expected that a
iarge number of prominent people of
the city will attend. H - Imperial Jap
anese Majesty's Consul and staff are
among the invited guests. Those who
will speak are: . Consul General Ben
nett, Rev. -William Rader, Taliesen
Evans, Professor FaircSough, E. K.
Johnston, John McNaught, Attorney
West. Arthur R. Briggs and Dr. F. W.
d'Evelyn.
Asks Damages for Hoy's Hurts.
F. Bruggeman, father of Frank
Bruggeman, aged, six years, who was
run over, by -.a wagon owned by the
Pacific Laundry Company at the cor
ner of Eleventh and Mission streets
last September, sued the laundry com
pany yesterday for $305 damages. He
claims he had to 'expend that amount
in medical aitjiidance : for the boy's
hurts. ;
Burglar Is Sentenced.
Ray. Morgan," who pleaded guilty to
a charge of burglary in Judge Law
lor's court, was sentenced . yesterday
to serve five years in Folsom peniten
tiary. He broke into the room of Wal
ter, R. Gibbons at 209 Kearny street
on 'the night fcf December 31. '
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
It The demand for these shoes was ;|
/I 8O Srcat last week that we have de- f
Ml'~! ;l #a cided to take {our more lines of :.)
M&%^ ! 9B>\ $3-5° shoes and reduce them to S2.50 * j
\i& ■ 52 • President of fc
yal^. m NOLAN BROS.' SHOE CO.. I,
W IS RETIRING FROM BUSINESS, I
And the entire stock of high grade H
shoes must be closeC out regardless -
■ • ■ of cost. . ||
j Wa Will Be Closed Mondij (Washington's Birihdaj). H
! TUESDAY I
I WE WILL PUT ON SALE
•^00 Pairs MEN'S FIXE VICI KID 1100 Pairs LADIES* FIN*E VICI KID {j
L.(CB SHOES, latest stylo toe. LACE SHOES latest style coin |
welted, sewed soles, stitched edge,. .^5 e&s.^^ 1
Resular price $3.50. All CO Cf\ j ar price $3.50. All sizes. CO Crt M
sizes. This w«k 1 *£.JV All widths. This week +C.JU »|
TOO Pairs MEN'S GENTINE BOX 1230 ir » JOCI Kg* J
CALK LACE SHOES latest style J^tg? t "'fiSilSStSd
.toe, welted, sewed soles, stitched so les. Regular price $3.60. All l\
! odg<?5. Regular price $3.50. *^ en sizes. All widths. This CO Cft If
I All sizes. This week J £ ' 3U week JC.OV H
; The above are all up-to-date shoes and all stamped $3.50. If they H
are not exactly as represented return them at our expense and get 1 1
your money back. _____________^________ M
EVERY SHOE IN THE HOUSE IS ON SALE AT REDUCED PRICE. l\
. SHORT LINES ON THE BARGAIN COUNTERS. * I
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN BROS I
PHFLAM BUILDING 8I2 " 8I4MA £ KBTSTREET ij
rMLL^ PUILUillU Q11 O » FARRBLL STREET j
1 .
|SSL;ra|3uuu M PIMr ink v« JBk. w tf5\ \ ~r <■"- "1 f*' I CHI H *'-,' H u^.
'• VRHlMBBF ittr&» m.t& B&^m AwD JBRBL BBH IE&lf BB BSSbBg
$750 GIVEN AWAY f OK C(55&"cT AN5WERS~0P~THREE NAWfig.
The »boT« two picture* of Ex-PreHdenM re?r«««at tha name* ef two l»r^« elties l» the United Sutes,
one lcxate'l In Nebr»«ka and one la Ohio. The eeater upas* is leftblaak for » third Ex-President, whog»
name reor«sent« a prominent citr. *n«!le<l !a tea latter*, and tba nnlr e'tr H th« V. S. the peopls are not
allowed to rote. If yon eaa GIVE THE NAMES OF THE THREE CTTTE9. ™a them to u«
' with yonr name an I addreni plainly wrmen. If they are eorre«t. YOU AVI L.L, RECEIVE a letter from
i na, which may entitle you to th« whole or part of tho S75O.OO. for the correct lolat'.oTi of above sainea as«l
■ a few minntM of T'ror time. Ton ar» B«t called ■nprni for nnm e«n* nt t«wit money to b« a participant la tha
: AWARD OF 8730.00. WE DO Jf OT WANT TOUR MONET. Should mor» than one hvr% cor-
i reet answer, $7M.0O wilrb* paid just the asme pro rata. We adrertii* onTielTes la this liberal manner tn
I inUrent yon, and we will surely giro i»« S7.V) 00 hetldM TiluabJa sraseals, a* th«re are no Manks. Rend
! xonr name »nd »tuwer. atoaetu. A^I«ESLIE>Jte»¥ £39 gflQJ'carl SUJS, Y«.Cltr.
Federal Court Notes.
Charles W. Callan, indicted for coun
terfeiting, pleaded guilty yesterday in
the United States District Court and
was ordered to appear next Wednes
day morning for sentence.
The following petitions in insolyency
were filed: S. C. Archibald, harness
maker, Oakland, liabilities $846, no as
sets; Harry Wade, laborer, San Fran
cisco, liabilities $549. na assets.
Machinists' Give Dance
The members of the Golden West
Band, composed of machinists and
machinists' apprentices, gave a dance
to their fj-iends in Scottish Hall last
evening. The music was rendered by
the band. .';'.
AD V .Lit X 1 jXj »1 K N X &
<S)C TaftB Advantage /dS)
1 FOR A SHORT TIME ONLY I
5 $ 50.GO worth of CARPETS. FURNITURE, ETC. $ 5.00 CASH, $L03 A WEEK Q
2 $ 75.00 worth of CARPETS, FURNITURE. ETC, $7-50 CASH. $1.50 A WEEK •
A $130.03 worth of CARPETS, FURNITURE. ETC. $10.00 CASH. $2.00 A WEEK A
ft 5I5O.CO worih of CARPETS.' hlRNITURE, ETC, $15.00 CASH, $2.50 A WEEK A
» PAYMENTS CAN BE MASS KOSTBLT XT 9S8ZXSS. A
S As this exceptionally liberal proposition Is to be withdrawn In ft W
B very short time, you may still have the opportunity of taking advan-^ A
A tage of it. by malting application during, this oifer and having the X
V goods delivered when you are ready for them, at the same terms. . w
h Positively no interest charged or accepted on accounts. /^_ A
j)« Our credit system is the most liberal In existence. Information In X
jk reference to credit cheerfully given. w
4f MASS YOTTB OWN TSBMS. . > V?
I Parlor .Table j
9 w J#-JL^ an^' Freack fe?V 24-inch top. 1
jL 9 • II , , Ho telephone or mail orders accept td. V
T. Brilliant Furniture Co. _pffsgLt cj
r+~- r- — : — ■ : ~ : ■ — >
ORDER ROR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
/ Mail This Order to The Saa rranoUco Call Wit* 75c
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me ont
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c U ,
to prepay thipping charges.}
SIGNEr ,
STREET „„
CITY „..„
[STATE .....;......
;^_— . • . , : — — »
Junins From Window.
Myrtle Davis, residing 1 at 110 Taylor
street, jumped from a second-story
window ctt her residence early yester
day morning. At the Emergency Hos
pital she told a number of conflicting
stories and gave evidence of beinj:
mentally deranged. Her injuries are
slight.
College Men at Banquet.
Beta Sigma Chapter. Psl Omega
Fraternity, of Berkeley gave a ban
quiet at the California Hotel last even
ing.. About fifty members of the organi
zation were present and spent several
hours In merriment and speechmak
ing.A ID VERTISEHETTTS.
. ' THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
— - ■ ' ■-
I'<\v People Know llmv Useful tl Is
in PTQbCnrfss ire:shh am l iJeauty.
Xearly ererybody' l.r.ous that char-
1 is t'.i? safest and trfot: e(7u ienf
' flisinTectant and purifier In nature, but
■ realize its valuo wh-Jh taken into
I'ne human ecstem fo- the tame
•/Ieu:;iinpr jjisrpose. %
Charcoal is a remedy thut tys mor*
you take of it the better; it *s not a
!rug at all. but simply absorbs the
B^see an<3 Impurities alwayj j.resont in
i'i<? and intestines tutd carrle*
•i\:vr.\ out of the r: - st?n-
Charcoal sweetens the breath ntier
drinking or after •i.iTms
.culons and other odorous vegetable*.
' Charcoal effectttally clears and im-
pcoyes the complexion: it whitens the
.-tfeth and further ctcti as a natural
• snd eminently cafe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious prases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the ir.outh and throat from
the poison cf catarrh.
A31 drugrgists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart : s ASjsorbent Loz-
pr.se?; they are composed of the finest
powdered nillow charcoal and other
, harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of lar^e. pleasant
tasting losensres. the charcoal being
mised with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges xvill
fcoon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
jjlexion. sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm car. result iron their
'continued use, but, on the contrarv,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to
all patients suffering from ga« in
stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath,
mouth and throat; I also believe the
liver is frreatly benefited by the daily
use of them; they cost but 25 cents a
box at 'drug stores, and although in
fomc sense a patent ztreva ration, yet
I believe 1 pet more and better char-
coal in Stuart's Absorbent Ix>zenges
than in any of the ordinary charcoal
tablets. '
P*?<iontracf
I One of our suit contracts j
calling for pavments of '
*$!.G0aWeek J
enables you to get a made-to-
order suit, overcoat or trous-
ers on terms that do away
I with the burden of cash pay-
, :::cnt>. and you get full cash |
•vj!uc in every garment. • j
!t you hive any prejudice | '
Batr.-ilnst buying your clothes
that way you should not hesi-
tate Joneer.
Cpea evening-* tmtU 7
Saturdays tmtll 9 p. m.
TailoringCo.
830 Market Street.
SQO22S 1-2-3-4.
!
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
OCEAN TRAVEL.
s<Tr. T 5 *^. Steatr.en leave £aa Fran*
f£%_ Xd\ fcr Ketchikaa. Wraarel.
fi" *\ . T '.:r.c&-J. M's'.v.'-f, Skaguay,
' QZiTL. ■ I rtc - Alaska— 11 a. ra.. Feb.
! • \»s5i4 / -"■ -•"'• l'£-"- 2- Change to
• v*' Vt "1-57 coirpar-y's ttearaera at £eat-
or Victoria, Vancouver,
- "^ Port Townsead. Seattle. Ta-
rr— a Everett. 'vVhatcoia — 11 a. ra.. Feb. 20.
»..,"' v ar i Cfcacge at Seattle to this cora-
ia'ry'« V'e*Tr.ers Jcr Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle cr Taconia to X. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
■ tO F>i- Eureka (HuiEbcldt Bay) — Poaona, 1:30
r- in.. *>h. 22 » Mar. 5. Ccrcna. 1:30 p. m..
F»b. 13. 18. £5. Mar. 2.
Kcr Loe Ar.s'Ies (via Port Los Angeles and
IXSondo). San Diepo and Santa Barbara— San-
ta nosa, San4ay». fl. a. jr..
8tat* cf California. Thursdays. 0 a. ra.
Fcr Los Anretes <vla Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro) Sauta Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
t-Tty San glm^cn. Cayjeos. fort Harford (San
Luis Obitso Ventura and Ilueneme.
Coes Bar 8 a. tn.. Feb. 21. 29 Mar. 8.
Bor.lta. 8 a. tn.. Feb. 17. Z5. liar. 4.
For Er.*<»nafla Macdalena Bay. Ean Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. Ia Paz. Eanta Ro-
tal;a G'laymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month Fcr further information obtain foider.
Rig-fct is reserved to change ettaaiers cr Balling
TICKET OTT2CSS— 4 New Montgom-
ery Et. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. aad Broad-
way starves. Frc'.pht office. 10 Market st.
C D DCNANN". General Passenger A^ent.
10 Varket Ft.. Pan Francisco.
" The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
ra!I for acd chock bapcape from hotels and
re*!Sen«"*«. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. /?. €t N. CO.
Orr-ecn rs!!s Feb. 17, 27, March 8. 18. SS.
April 7. 5" ar.d 27. S. S. Oregon is temporarily
*i *«rvic» ir.riead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder tail? Feb. 22. Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12
end 22 Cr.iy steamship line to PORTLAND.
On . £=■! ehort rail line from Portland to all
pn'.rttM Eatt. Through tickets to all points, all
•■ail <rr itearasWp and rail, at LOWEST
P.ATES. ft**Trer tickets Include berth and
meal* Ftraraer «a!ls foct cf Spesr st. at 11 a.
fn. 6. F. BOOTH. G«r.. Art. Pass. Dect-. 1
M<*ntrcfri»Ty rt.; C CLIFFORD. Gea. Agt.
Fr'i^M I>rt.. 3 Montgomery st. >
X^Jr "- Cl «Cl UM to TAHITI
£ P. SIEnrtA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. Mar*h 3. 2 p. m.
- r- AI.ATJKDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12. 11 a.m.
s B. ;IAKII*O. < A. for Tahiti. Mch. 18. II a. m.
I xrcME!fce f E«E2wa
fff$$!C£aSH CrbtSL.ntrb. 7.ftcStlL
iCJCFASSIS GESEiaLS TRUOATiASriJJJ.
iilRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PAniS. Jt+>*2f.
■ r ■■;• s every Thursday insT^ad of ■l£-Jj£££ l
j-a'.urday, et 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -«**£«■"■
r^iartb Ki^•^^r. foot of Morton at.
Firrt cUts to Havre. J70 and upward. Sec-
rr.d class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
i:ral agency for cnited states and
rAN'ADA. 32 Broadway Building*.
.'.>» Tcrk.J. F. FL'GAZf * CO.. Paclflc Coast
'■.•:••■. r» »lontccm<?ry avenue. San Francisco.
];<-):et» f.'A by all Railroad Ticket Aleuts.
atarc Island es_d Vallejo 3te*sieT».
Steamer GEN FRIFBIE cr MONTICELLO—
•*:ii a. m.. -TilO end *>:•"•*» p. tn.. *xcVpt Sunday. |
rundsy. i>:45 a. m.. vilO p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12^0 and <i p. rn.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 2 a. m.. 4:13 p. in. Fare. I*) cents. Tel.
Main K.CS. Pier 2. Mitticn-tt. Uo~k. HATCH
BROS. '
DEBATE STIRS
LEGISLATORS
Brisk Speeches Delivered in
the House of Representatives
Before Holiday Adjournment
MINORITY IS ARRAIGNED
Speaker Becomes Weary of
the Forensic Controversy and
the Lawmakers Go Home ward
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20. — This was
fi»ld day in the House. The naval ap
propriation bill was under considera
tion and the discussion encompassed
various topics, much of it revolving
more or less around politics.
After Mr. Dayton (Republican) of
Virginia of the Committees on Naval
Affairs had pleaded for a larger navy.
Mr. Hitchock (Democrat) of Nebraska
declared that there was gross national
extravagance in the annual appropria
tion bills. He asserted, too that the
larger items In the army and navy
supply bills went to the trusts. Mr.
Hardwick (Democrat) of Georgia pre
cipitated a discussion on the Philip
pine question by declaring that the
retention of the islands was respon
sible for the demand for a larger navy-
Mr. Townser.d of Michigan ar
raigned the minority for the action
toward the Panama canal.
Mr. Thayer having asserted that the
Democrats were not opposed to the ca
nal, Mr. Townsend said that the minor
ity leader. Mr. Williams of Mississippi,
had found it necessary to make such a
declaration. Mr. Townsend said he had
been able to discover the Democratic
position on the canal from the speeches
he had heard complaining of the Gov
ernment and ether speeches in opposi
tion to what had been said. At 4:45 p.
m. the committee arose and the follow
ing bills were passed:
For the relief of setUers on lands* in
Sherman County. Oregon; to regulate
the practice of medicine and surgery
in the Indian Territory; regulating the
practice of pharmacy in the Indian
Territory; to ratify the act of the Leg
islature of Arizona providing for an is
sue of bonds to build a station for ag
ricultural experiments in Arizona.
Payne moved to adjourn. Williams,
standing in the center of the aisle well
down in front, moved that when the
House adjourn it be until Tuesday in
order that proper respect might be
paid to George Washington.
The Speaker said that the. motion
of the gentleman from New York had
precedence, whereupon Williams
moved that a recess be taken until
Monday noon, at which time Wash
ington's farewell address should be
read and afterward the House should
adjourn. The Speaker announced
that the motion of Mr. Parne took
precedence over the motion to take a
recess.
Williams then appealed to Payne to
withdraw his motion, that the House
might adjourn over in memory of
George Washington.
Payne replied it would be more
patriotic for the House to be in ses
sion on Monday and celebrate the
birthday of George Washington by
preparing to build a navy than to
spend the day about Washington. Wil
liams suggested that the galleries were
empty and *again appealed to Payne,
but the latter adhered to his stand.
"Then." sail* Mr. Williams, "I will
give notice that on Monday I will move
that there be read in the House the
Farewell Address of George Washing
ton, In which he advised his country
against being 'involved against en
tangling alliances.* "
Amid calls for the regular order, Mr.
Williams concluded by saying he would
add to the motion that the House ad
journ, that the remainder of the day
might be spent in silent contemplation
of Washington's greatness.
The Speaker, bringing down the
gavel, Eaid that the gentleman from
New York having made his speech, the
gentleman from Mississippi having
pleaded a setoff and the gentleman
from New York having rejoined, he
would put the motion to adjourn.
Several noes were heard on the Demo
cratic side and the House adjourned at
5:10.
GUATAQUIL. Ecuador. Feb. 20.— The Co
lombian gunboat Bogota has arrived here. The
cause of the viyit of the warship to these
waters is not explained.
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
I Eastern Outfitting I
♦ * -•■• ■ ~. ♦■
• if J ) ■ A
I ■-— " " f
: 1320-28 Stockton St., :
• Near Broadway. •
1 L
| Something extraordinary .in \\
♦ Iron Beds. Take advantage of '|
• this great offer, which is posi- n
* tively for 6 days only. White ||
• enameled bed. just as shown in \
! picture; double, three-quarter !'
♦. and single sizes; top rails and \[
j knobs of brass.... 53^0,^.;
t Sold in all furniture stores i
* in this city for $6.50. |
1 1400 drummer's samples Lace" <
♦ Curtains in length 2 yards and ]',
* over, iaturday night between (
♦ 7 and IO • 25C «ch ;
♦ _ ' "
♦ We furnish houses complete. ,J|
All Cars Lead to Our Store. '
J Country Orders Solicited. !!
THE SAX » FRAN'CISCO CALL. SUNDAY. 1-[£BRL T ARY - 1904.
CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR
ATTRACTS MANY VISITORS
Prizes Are Awarded Successful Exhibitors and the Judges
Selected to Pass on the Quality of the Fruit Pay.Elo
quent Tribute to Varied Resources of Sonoma County
TWO OF THE DISPLAYS AT THE CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR THAT
ATTRACTED THE ATTENTION OF VISITORS AXD DREW FORTH
MANY WORDS OF PRAISE.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 20. — Fully one
thousand people from Mendocino
Counts* visited the fair to-day and all
made commendatory remarks on the
exhibits. There was a gentle rain
this evening, but not enough to man
the happiness of the visitors. Among
the notable visitors at the fair to
night were H. J. Crocker, A. Sbarboro,
P. C. Rossi and A. W. Foster.
Prizes were awarded as follows:
Most artistic display of citrus fruits,
half- million gallon wine tank, Italian
Swiss Colony; second prize. Preston
store, by Connell, Wilhelmi & Mow
bray; third, Episcopal church, by
Mrs. L. Domino; fourth, Jockev em
blem.^by H. J. Crocker.
Artistic display of oranges — First,
old oaken bucket and well, by W. C.
T. C; second, Klondike sled, R. F.
Green. *
Artistic display of lemor^s — First,
beehive, by Mrs. Callahan; second,
fleur-de-lis, by Miss Alice Caldwell.
Display of greatest variety of citrus
fruits — First, G. Hagmayer; second.
Mrs. I. E. Shaw.
Jellies— First, Mrs. A. M. Coomes.
Orange marmalade— First, Mrs. William
BARON SEEKS
SCHWAB'S LIFE
Titled Parisian Announces
That He Is Furious and
Boldly Insists on a Duel
Spgpial Dispatch to. The Call
PARIS, Feb. 20.— Baron Rogniat, who
subscribed $26,000 as a French Under
writer to the shipbuilding trust, want3
to fight a duel with Charles M. Schwab.
"I am furious with Schwab," said
the Baron to-day, "and will prosecute
him for defamation and robbery. It
v/ag Schwab who Inspired defamatory
articles in newspapers that have ap
peared about me. I am glad to catch
him here, and will apply the French
law to him. The public will not be
sympathetic with him. I would like
to fight a duel with him, and will try
to arrange one. I will defend my
honor and pocket against him and all
men."
When Schwab was asked concern
ing the suit for the recovery of $26,000
which it was reported Baron Rogniat
would begin against him he said:
"I have had no meeting: with Baron
Rogniat; I don't know him and have
had no business relations with him.
Indeed I never heard of him until I
read something in the newspapers
which was riot to his credit. I am
here entirely for a holiday and am
not thinking of any business, espec
ially of the shipbuilding business.
Baron Rogniat has not paid me ans'
money and the French have not put
any money in any business of mine.
Why therefore should they complain?"
If an electron Is represented by a
sphere an inch in- diameter an atom
of matter on the same scale is a mile
and a half*- Or, if an atom of matter
is represented by the size of a' theater
an electron Is represented on the same
scale by a printer's full stop
Caldwell. Orange clusters— First— D. L.
Beebe. Sweepstakes,. the most effective
and elaborate citrus display, 500.000
gallon wine tank, by the Italian-Swiss
Colony.
Best fruits in quantities of one box
cr more: Washington navels— First,
Mrs. W. Appleton; second, H. H. Hub
bard. Malta bloods— First, Mrs. F.
Poole; second, Miss Alice Caldwell.
Lemons— First, Mrs. W. Appleton; sec
ond, Mrs. F. Poole.
Best fruits in small quantities (no
less than twenty-four): Washington
navels— First, Yordi Mercantile Com
pany; second, Mrs. Fedora Poole;
third, Cloverdale Orange Company.
Malta Bloods— First, Mrs. F." Poole.
Jappas— First, Mrs. J. P. Whitaker!
Japanese— First, G. Hagmayer. Valen
cia lates— First, G. Hagmayer. Villa
Franca lemons— First, H. H. Hubbard;
second. W. T. Brush. Sicily lemons-^
First. Mrs. E. Preston; second, Mrs. F.
Poole. Lisbon lemons— First, A.
Caughey. Citrons— First, Mrs C
Worth. Olive oil— First, Mrs. J. «A.
Kleiser. Pickled olives— First, Dr. A.
M. Coomes.
The judges on the quality of fruit,
at the conclusion of their report said:
"And now a word as to the exhibit
as a whole. We have attended very
many of the* biggest citrus fairs in this
State and, while we have seen many
which would far excel that of Clover
dale, so far as the quantity of fruit and
number of varieties is concerned, we
have never seen a more artistic display
or a better quality of fruit, as a whole,
got together anywhere. Your oranges
arc not excelled jdfcl the lemons on ex
hibition are equal to those produced
anywhere in* California. It is evident
that Cloverdale can grow citrus fruit
and, from the taste displayed, the en
terprise manifested in the getting up
of these fairs and the energy shown in
their management, it is further evident
that Cloverdale is abreast of the times,
and that her people do credit to the lit
tle paradise they Inhabit."
The judges .were John Isaac and
Alexander Craw.
4 ADVEBTISEMENT3.
IXSURAN'CE AGENCY*
OEORGE E. I BUTLER.
The FIREMEN'S of BALTIMORE having re-
insured their business in the
Providence Washington
INSURANCE COMPANY,
policy-holders should call at this General' Agency
PHOENIX ASSURANCE CO., Ltd., of London-
Losses in the Baltimore fire will not exceed $600,000,
and will be paid by the London Office, leaving the
United States Assets untouched.
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY:
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
SUTTERS FORT
IS BEAUTIFIED
Sacramento Parlors of Native
Daughters Hold Impressive
Ceremonies on Historic Spot
MANY TKEES ARE SET OUT
Governor Delivers an Address
Full of Love and Veneration
for 'Pioneers -of the State
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 20.— The local
parlors of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West conducted the services
this afternoon attending the planting of
a number of native trees at Sutters
Fort. Among those who aided in the
ceremonies wore Governor George C.
"Pardee, H. R. Noble, grand president
of the Native Sons, and Miss Stella
Finkelday, grand president of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West.
Mrs. Ema Gctti past grand president
of the Native Daughters, delivered the
introductory address, and was followed
by Governor Pardee. 1 "
Governor Pardee was received with
great applause when: he arose to speak.
He delivered a stirring address, full of
love and veneration for the men who
laid the foundation of th,e empire of the
West— the California pioneers.
Thirty trees were planted. A laurel
planted by Governor Pardee was named
"California," while Past Grand Presi
dent McNoble planted a tree in honor
of the pioneer fathers, and Grand Presi
dent Flnkelday of the Native Daugh
ters planted one in honor of the Cali
fornia mothers.
Remarks appropriate to the occasion
were then made by the grand presi
dents of the two orders, the ceremonies
closing with a selection by the band
and the singing of "America" by those
assembled. ' * ■
ASHLAND GIVES
WARM WELCOME
Pacific Coast Association of
Traffic Agents in Session
in Southern Part of Oregon
SAN JOSE WINS A PRIZE
Illinois Central Official at
Portland Is Accorded the
Honor of the Presidency
ASHLAND, Or., Feb. 20. — The
fourth annual convention of the Pa
cific Coast Association of Traffic
Agents opened in this city this after
noon with an attendance of, nearly
100 delegates. A large amount of
business was transacted and an ad
journed session will be held to-mor
row morning. v
Oregon, Washington and British
Columbia were represented by about
forty-five delegates and their wives
and California by about eighty dele
gates and their wives. The citizens of
Ashland received the visitors from the
coast with true Oregon hospitality.
They were met with -hearty welcome,
banqueted and made to enjoy them
selves at a ball.
Besides disposing: of matters of
routine business they extended an in
vitation to the American Association
of Traveling Passenger Agents to hold
its 1905 convention in Portlland and
ordered the appointment of a commit
tee to carry the invitation to the next
meeting at the City of Mexico. San
Jose, Cal.. was selected as the next
meeting place of the association and
the following officers were elected:
B. H. Trumbull of the Illinois Central,
of Portland, president; George Brad
ley, Southern Railway, San Francisco,
vice president; Ross C. Cline, Wabash
line. Los Angeles, second vice presi
dent; Charles H. "White, Southern Pa
cific, Los Angeles, secretary and treas
urer. '
Lord Salisbury was absent-minded to
a painful degree, and King Edward
tells a story about him which is more
or less a joke on his Majesty himself.
Salisbury was talking with the mon
arch, and thoughtlessly picked up a
photograph of him which was on a
table.v He examined it thoughtfully
and then said: "Poor old duffer; I
wonder if he is as stupid as he looks."
A bride's dress never costs so much
that she doesn't get her money back
if she sends out invitations enough,
but does the guest who gave a $7 pres
ent for the show, get his money's
worth ?
ADVZKTISEMZirra.
8I8-82O /^VXPKE-T 5T. % SAt\ FRAKQ^CO.
\ 'VEILINGS ■ /
\ Mallr.c or lUuslcn. in White, Cream. PlnK. Blue and black: o ' /
\ per yard. f 0 Q/
g > \ 5000 yards Veiling, always sold 25c per yard; fl^T^ / i
<■* n \ sale price.. lOtr / 3
a a >\ Elegant assortment of Drape and Heaths y|i?A / "«=
3-3 .g \ VeHs;each HOC/ : Z
SHAWLS /« j|
f »H \ Ladles' White Crochet Shawls. rc£. 4Q A / . -. 2
JSSJm \ 75c; special 4oC/$S; 5^
•jlSfrS.: V\' GLOVES / g 5g U^S
2 n o 5" 8? : >\ Ladles* Black Taffeta GJcves. IQ a / Til5 f 111 - a
s--^srS. : S-C \a:ways sell 25c pr.;s3!cpr. Wh / ~^w If c*
-£°Vn j SPECIAL T[!°1si f||
|1 ||f| This Week Only! llgiigjfe
n Hurray L Lanna n's Florida Wafer, large - * sis 2.,'i 4
8- 'sfss^sm - 45c i1Ifc£S a 5i*^
" " " " = <. Pcmpeiian Massage Cream — 25c sH ••is'lnU^
«| ?"2£??|n Koch's Talcnin Powder 10c cv>. S.<^|^i4
\% |w"^^| )i Mcnnen's Borated Talcum Powder I5c "eo i .§o-^ c?
11 Cream cf Violets. 2 tubes.... 25c lJ ||^- 3^5
<"='H < ?|-p Egg Shampoo, 5-oz. jar 20c £• i $ "S ® "££
&,SS % g|:iil Olive Cream.-.: 20c .|«f S3»-£Js
• s > i $ « I? Colgate's Yiolet Water, snail . . . 20c i Jg ? S 3 i J = = r
•Q*-llH/ webcr &. Fields' \ llflsfl
•o § nj 5 S /At Our Music Department. Com-\^«:^CL5
H, 2*"g- "/ pJetc Century Edition 10c Each. \^d J "s
o • re / . \ *o- • "^*
- 1* '- »" / VlvtwLin Fn^imol The Cood Klnd That \ °
§ ;*/ t>rovvn tnamci. Dont cra=k or c^.p \ «
Sc% / Tea Kettle; family size. Bey. S1.50, ipeclal 81.19. \'3
r ' .- /Fry Fans; 10 in. Be*. 60c, spec. 44c. Tea Fots; 3 pts. Bej. 85c spec. 60o\
/Try Fans; 11 In. Kef. 75c, spec. 49c Tea Fots; extra strong;; 5 pints. \
/Fry Pans; 12 in. He?. 85c, spec. 59c. Ksg;. 95c, special 70c \
/Coffee Pots; 5 pts. Keg-. 85c, special 60c 8 pts. Keg 1 - $1.23, special 95c. \
KNIVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
PICTURE FRAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO ORDER
For Kidneys,
Bladder, and
■ _Rheumatism
Wew Difcovery By "Which All Can How
Easily Cure Themselves at Home—
Does Away With Surgical Opera r
tlons — Positively Cures Bri^hts
Disease and Worst* Cases or
Sheumatlsm — Thousands Al-
ready Cured— Note Endorsers.
TRIAL TREATHEHT ARD|4-PAGE BOOK FREE
At last there is a scientific way to cure
yourself of any-JUUscy. bladder, or rheumatic
disease in a very short time in your own bmae
and without the expense of doctors, druggists
or surgeons. The credit belongs to Dr. Edwin
Turnock. a noted Frehcn-American phys.eian
and scientist who has made a life-long stuay
"Wone can say they are incurable until
they have tried my discovery.
The test is free."
of the«e diseases and is now in sole possession
of certain ingredients which have all along
been needed and without which cures were im-
possible. The doctor seems justified in nl»
strong statements as the treatment has been
thoroughly Investigated besides" being tried in
hospitals, sanitariums, etc.. and has b*«n
found to be all that is claimed for It. It con-
tains nothing harmful, but nevertheless the
highest authorities say it will positively cure
BrlKhfs disease, diabetes, dropsy.' gravel. weaK
back, stone in the bladder, bloated bladder,
frequent desire to urinate, albumlnaria. sugar
In the urine. pain« in the back. legs.. sides and
over the kidneys, swelling of the feet and
ankles retention of urlnai 1 scalding, getting up
nights, pain in the bladder, wetting the bed
and such rheumatic affections as chronic, mus-
cular or inflammatory rheumatism, sciatica.
rheumaMc neuralgia, lumbago, gout, etc.,
which are now known to be due entirely to
uric acid poison in the kidneys — in short, every
form of kidney, bladder or urinary trouble in
man. woman* or child. .
That the ingredients will do all th«s is the
opinion of «tuch authorities as Dr. W'ilks of
Guy's Hospital. London: the editors of the
1'nited States Dispensatory and the- American
Pharmacopoeia, both official works; Dr. H.
P. Wood, member of the National Academy of
Science, and a Ions list of others who speak
of it in the highest terms. But all this and
more Is explained in a 64-page illustrated
book which sets forth the doctor's original
views and goes, deeply into the subject of kid-
ney, bladder ar.d rheumatic; diseases. He wants
you to have this bcxtk as well as a trial treat-
ment of his discovery, and you can get
them entirely fn?e. without stamps or money.
? by addressing the Turnock Medical Co.. 8iS
rur.iock Building. Chicago. 111., and as thou-
sands have . already been cured thera is every
reason to bejleve it will cure you if only you
will be thoughtful enough to rend for the Tree
trial tnd book. Write the first upare moment
you have and soon you will be cured.
It would seem that any reader so aiflleted
should write the company at once since no
money J* involved and the indorsements are
from such a high and trustworthy source.
vJ^K IMPROVED f*^t*
UN Eyeglasses M
(J Spectacles s
Sc/ioo/s and Co //eyes,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE • OF THE
WEST. 24 Port rt.. Saa Francisco. Cal.
Est*h!l«hect 40 years. Open entjre year.
Writ» fmr Illustrate eatatoTO* <fr— >.
WEEKLT CAIX J §1.00 PEB TEAS,
AUCTION!
REFEREE SALE
OF THE
Following choice list of residence. Investment
and unimproved properties of the C. J. Win-
frerter estate will be held Monday. February
29. 1904, at 12 o'clock noon, at Golden Gat*
Hall. ti:5-7 Sutter st.. subject to cooSrmaUoa
by the Superior Court:
■Ho. 1.
SE. cor. Post and Stockton sts.. substantial
five-story and basement brick building 1 , con-
taining store and -1 rooms above; rented low
at $US5 per month; lot 25x70.
Ho. 3.
No. 220-6 Kearny st.. NE. cor. of HarSy
place, b«t. Sutter and Bush sts.. good o-
story and basement brick bulldins;. containing
" stores and lodgtn?-houaa of 11 rooms; rests
$:ll per menth; CSxlIX
zro. 3.
No. CC5-7 Kearny st.. TV. line. bet. Sacra*
mento and Clay sts. ; well-built 3-story and
basement brick buildinr. containing stor* and
6 offices above; rents $123 per month; lot 23:9x
2S:11.
WO. 4.
No. 1309-11 Stockton st.. W l'ae. bet. Broad-
way aad Vallejo st.; improvements consist of
3-story frame buK.iir*. containing stores and
50 rooms above occupied as a hotel; rents I2C5
per month; let 43:6x63:9.
wo. s. •
No. 212-14 Leavenworth st., E line, bet.
Turk and Eddy «ts. ; Improvements consist of
2 2-story bay-window residences of 9 rooms
and bath each: rents $130 per month; lot SOx
So. 6.
No. 221 LeaYenworth St.. TV. line. bet. Turk
and Eddy sts.: 2-story frame- dwelllnr cf 10
rooms aod bath; rents $G3 per moath; lot 23x
87:6.
No. 7.
No. 2121-3 FHlmore st., tv. line. bet. Cali-
fornia and Sacramento sts. : 2-story fram*
, building, containing store and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rented low at $60 per mentn; let
No. 2702-6 Sacramento st. and Not 2123
Pierce St.. NW. cor.: improvements consist of
two desirable residences of 10 rooms and bata
each and modern cottage of 9 rooms aad batti:
particulars at rents can be bad at our otSce:
lot 137:tixl27:SVi.
• Wo. 9.
No. 2714 Sacramento St.. N. line. bet. Fiere*
and Scott sts.: a desirable residence of 10
rooms and bath; particulars of rent can be.
obtained at cur o?flce; lot fcS:0xl2T:S ! i.
Ho. 10.
Ncs. 2713-21-27-35 Clay st. and No. 2139
Pierce st.. SW. cor.; Improvements consist of
5 modern residences of 8-10-12 rooms and bath
each: In perfect order and rented low at $343
per month; lot 206:3x127 :3V*.
No. 11.
No. 2342-4 Devlsadero St.. SE. cor. of Jack-
son St.; 2 modern residences of 9-14 rooms and
bath each; rents $133 per month; lot K:5'.
xllO. *
• 2TO. 13.
No. 2321-3 Devtsadero st. and No. 2S11 Jack-
son st.. SW. cor.; improvements consist of 3
modern residences of 7-8-14 rooms and fcatS
each; rents $200 per month; lot 63:9x137:6.
5O. 13.
Pacifle ave.. S. line. bet. Devisadero and
Broderick sts.: choice unimproved residsne*
site; 153x127 :»U.
2TO. 14.
.Entire block. No. 855, Tide Lands, consist-
ing of 21 lots. Nca. 1 to 21. inclusive.
ITo. 15.
Lots 17 to 20. Inclusive, and 23 to 22. In-
clusive, block No. 331. O'Nell & Haley Tract.
HEJIBT LETT ESTATE.
By order of Executor.
Ncs. 715-17-23-25 McAllister St.. S. line. b«L
Gough and Octavia; Improvements consist of
store with 4 rooms and !odglng-nous<9 of u
rooms and 2 flats of 6-5 room* and bath: rents
$122 SO per month: lot 55x137:8.
For cataloru* and further particulars, ap-
ply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
DDTTClirO FOR BARBERS. BA-
.DXlU^XlCiO k * r *» bootblacks, bath-
*^* B *****.* mw jjpm^ billiard tables.
brswers. bookbinders, candy racers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foondries. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, palntsrs. shoe factories.
; *tab!em*n. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, tta.
BT7CZASAS 3BOS,
Brash Manul actuxers, 809 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prlca Lists Mail a 1
on Application.
FKSSH A3tl> SALT SIEAT3.
iip DftVCC %■ m Shipping Butchers. 104
JAj. PUIC3 S tU. Clay. T«l. Main 12»4.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3.
413 Front rt.. S. V. Phone Mala 1719.
LCBUfiHES. H i6^27S*«.
2728
MORSION ELDER
TRIES SUICIDE
Lorenzo Crosby Twice Shoots
* Himself \Vhile Traveling on
a Train En Boute to Arizona
BULLET PIERCES ' BHAIX
Letter Found in a Pocket of His
Clothing Shows That His
Domestic Life AVas Unhappy
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. M.-Lo
/•enzo Crosby, said to be an elder in
the Mormon church, while en route
from Atlanta, Ga.. to Hc-lbrook, Ariz..
shot and fatally wounded himself, in
a berth in a Pullman on the south
bound Chicago and Alton train to-daj?
near Higbee, Mo. He was brought to
Kansas City arid placed in the City
Hospital, where it is said he cannot
live longer than twenty-four hours.
Until 1902 Crosby was 6tatio-ned at
Richmond, Va., and was a member of
the Virginia Conference of the Mor
mon church. Later he was transferred
to Atlanta, where he has lived until
recently. Crosby was unconscious
when brought to this city. Ui his pock
ets were found two letters.^cme signed
Mollie Crosby, from Greer, Ariz., ap
parently from his wife, and which in
dicated domestic troubles, and another
signed Olive, from 353 West Fifth
Street South, Salt Lake City. Crosby,
who is 35 years old. shot himself twice,
one bullet penetrating his brain. He
was treated by a railway 6urgeon, who
occupied a berth in the same car with
him, but little to-uld be done for him.
The trainmen said that there had
been nothing unusual in the conduct
uf Crosby. He retired late last night.
Crosby wore clothes of a clerical cut
and carried •with him the report book
used by elders in the Mormon church,
besides some memorandum books. His
report book indicated active work for
the church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints in Virginia, but there is no
record of his work in Atlanta.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, Feb. 20.—
Lorenzo Crosby, who attempted sui
cide on a Chicago and Alton train near
Higbee. Mo., is not known at 353 West
Fifth street South, the address on a
letter found on his person. Crosby is
said by church officials to be a travel
irg missionary of the church. His home
is said to bo at Eagar. Ariz.
IMPRISONMENT CAUSES ;
DERANGEMENT OF MIND
IVter Koxxts, Accused of Defrauding
the Government, Becomes Insane
While in Jail at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 20. — Peter
Koxas. a graduate of Mad
rid University and linguist of consid
erable ribility, who some time ago
successfully deceived the Government
officials at Haskell Institute, Law
rence. Kan?., by palming off on them
a number of Mexicans for Indians,
out of which he reaped quite a finan
cial harvest, has just been declared
of unsound mind and ordered sent to
Highlands 1>y Judge Wilbur. Koxas
lost his mind since his incarceration
in the early part of January on the
charge of defrauding the Govern
ment.
Sine* 1SS3 the average passenger
rate in the United States has dropped
from 3.5 cents a mile to 2.01 cents.
•ADVERTISEMENTS. j
IWILL GIVE $1000|
■bSBb&Ik Ifl fail to cure any
HP 9^ CANCER
|B or Tumor I treat
pMa> —t~. Ora befare it poisons
E& i«^ vizi ** eep s-* ntf>
J m Ho Knife! Ho Pain!
4^. p No Pay Until Cured
.7^ In "f> years I hi.v cured more
■*** Jl cancers Urn an/ other docto
-sy I living. Jf' . .Itayorothersw.n-
fe^^5Cl>^ >L <Ue ' INVESTIGATE
&2-& J/^^l Absolute GuiriBtei
K»-Mfi^aA LUMP N
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the glands In tb« *.na..i'.
and shoulder, then core Is often 1' possible. An;
tumor, 'usm or sore on the LIP, .'ACE or an . .
where hi xaont' s is nearly always cancer
They never p-.i - nti"- ..lmost past cure.
120 PAGT 3OOK SENT FREE.
wi :h 6j-ta->to3a a testimonials of thousands
cured whom you -an see and talk witL
DR. & MR C . DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
" Strict y Reliable."' Two Lady Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St.* San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
/; visit DR. JORDAN'S great j)
{MUSEUM OF AHATOMY?
\ Xf ■ T** I -* I y e * t *"«tot»ie«l Mmeun in the \
<0 _Lg.tn>._ * w 'i w«k«oiei er any contracted A
i. SiS Sf «-««»e r*»>l">r r«r.d hy the oldcit T
© /ESI kpeo-JiaostheCottt Eil 36 yfirs. * ©
A UZX* 9 DR * -WIWAK-OISEASES OF MEN 4
A I®^^B Con»ult*oo-i free and strictly prirate. \
0 I I*ef H Tr««tT»eiit prr»or»l'y or bjr Irnrr. A Q
\ I ff yl H "••"**• <**" «■ ***ry c«-« nmdemkes. T
A r 'J 19 B.-.k.rniL«nor«v.f A
' 1 I nininAcr. mailed fxec (ay
k (1 (J. »»iu»ble book t«r m-n) . \
0 Da JOBDASA1O.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Q
BnMWEAK 7VVEIN
klB^VBl t>R. HALL'S REINVlGORATOlt
H Eta| stops all losses and unnatural d!s-
n B charges in £1 hours. You feel an
K33 P8Si improvement from the first dose.
fff\ FHrfn tt't have so much confidence in our
H'iji LJuU trtatment that we offer Five Han-
f 3 bH dred reward for any case we can-
not cure. This secret remedy curvs
lott power, nls-htly emlsclona. wasted organs.
% aricocele, ' ff!t«t, etrlctures. kidneys. - failing
memory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease cf the rrvstate jrlands and all other terri-
Lle effects "of eelr-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumptlou and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quicknes* of the discharce. and
uantiuz to do. and you can't. Sent sealed,' $Z
per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guaranteed to
cure any case.. *
Call or addrevs orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cai.-
Also for sale at 1073H Market tt.. S. F. Send
for free book.
ASTHMANOLA
- Is the only cure for Nervous aad
Bronchial ASTHMA. . .<-.-.
Tour Drxctlfct or at Sas HAIGUT ST.. .
6an Francisco. CaL ; , .
a* A J
% -*■ xi Ir M * 0 *— 1 ~SI U mqP^ ±*m
JL >PSW*B>*BaBMBMB»*%*g*»sWiy
X3S^330 MARKET ST. Sf.^^S&r
FREE
ONE, TWO,
THREE
Whatever It May Be — Leap
Year — Who Will' Be the
Lucky Ones?
This being leap year, the children who are
born en. the C9th day of February will not
have a birthday until 4 years of age. As a
Flight offset to this disadvantage the ba
blr.s ruuet suffer, and to encourage home
Industry by the married, we make the fol
lowing offer and hope all who &re connected
with t baby party on the 29lh will take ail
tanta.c thereof.
We will give to the first child born on that
day, free:
Four yards of the finest embroidery In the
store.
Six pair* of the finest cashmere hose, silk
heels and toes.
Six undervests of the celebrated Ruben's
make.
To the mother we will give, free:
One pa!r # of perf?ct-fluing corsets.
Thrt-e French silk vests.
Thr^e rairs o* gauze cobweb lisle hose.
To the father— A box of Belfast linen hand
kerchiefs with hand-made Initials.
To the attending physician — Thre« bottles of
champagne.
Note— If there be twins the gift will be
doubled; If there be three It will be tripled.
The conditions are these:
The child (or children) must be. the first
born after 12 o'clock midnight ot February CS
lUick Observatory time).
The attending physician is to give a certifi
cat« of the exact time, to which he will make
an affidavit before a notary, at our expense.
In case of two or more births at the same
lime, we wi:i draw numbers to decide the
winner. • J
Physician's certificate must be In by 6
o'clocJ*. March 1, 1904.
Th<; winner will be announced In th?ee col
umns March 4, 1904.
JOE ROSENBERG.
The Price-Cutter, 810 Market st.
Quartets don't count.
A V H. BEEBE IS ACCUSED
OF WITHHOLDING . FUNDS
Columbia Bowling Association Files
Suit Against Its Former Presi
dent and Manager.
The fight between the directors of
the Columbia Bowling Association for
control of the affairs of the concern
resulted yesterday in the filing of a
suit for an accounting against A. H.
Beebe. former president and manager
of the concern. The suit is brought
in the name of the Columbia Bowling
Association and is based on the charge
that Beebe ran the concern to suit
himself and did not make proper re
turns to the association.
It is alleged in the complaint that
Beebe, by a resolution of the board of
directors, was removed from the posi
tion of management on the 4th inst.
and it is charged that for the year he
acted as manager he collected large
sums and failed to make returns for
all the money to the corporation. No
amount is stated, but it is alleged that
as the receipts of the association
amounted to $60 a day, the amount
retained by Beebe must be very large.
Eureka Valley Social.
The Eureka Valley Social Club, an
organization established for the en
tertainment of the residents of that
section of the city for which the club
is named, gave its first entertainment
and ball in Mission Turn Verein Hall
last night. There was a large attend
ance of Deople, not only from the val
ley, but from the Mission district. Tho
programme Included an overture by
Ritzau's orchestra, selections by the
famous Knickerbocker quartet, ath
letic exhibitions by the Mission Turn
ers; barytone solo, Callon V. Lane;
songs and # monologues, -W. J. Hynes;
sopranq solo. Miss Mabel E. Craig;
bass solo. L. A. Larsen, and sword
dance. Miss Georgia Bacon. The pro
gramme of dances kept the assem
blage together unti* midnight.
Cunningham Writ Dismissed.
The argument on an application for
a writ of habeas corpus to release
from custody Edward Cunnin&ham,
who was held to answer on a charge
of burglary, was heard before Judge
Cook yesterday. The Judge dismissed
the writ and remanded the
prisoner into the custody of
the Sheriff. Cunningham, Jbhn
McCormiek and , Robert Martin were
arrested for entering the room of Jo
seph C. Platz at 348 Fourth street on
the night of January 22, while Platz
and his two sons were asleep, and
stealing money and articles of jew
elry from their clothing.
XARROWIA ESCAPES DEATH
IN A 1-OWDEK EXPLOSION*
P. D. Ramos Is Badly Burned on the
Face and Hands While Blasting
Logs Xear Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 20.— I*. D. Ra
mos narrowly escaped being: killed
Friday evening while blasting a lo?
on the bank of Woods Lagoon. He
had lighted the fuse attached' to the
charge when he noticed that sparks
were flying dangerously close to a
can containing powder. He i ran to {
carry the can to a place of safety and |
was stooping over to pick it up when
a spark xiropped into the powder. The
force ot the explosion that followed I
hurled Ramos IntQ the water and mud
of the lagoon. He was badly' burned
on the face and hands. • . !
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
~Wt neglegT"
Your Stomach and Bowels. So
much depends upon. them. Your
health, happiness, and even your
life is controlled largely by these
organs. It is therefore very im-
portant at the first symptom of
the stomach becoming- weak or
the bowels constipated that you
take a few doses- of' Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters.- It- is the best
Stomach and Bowel medicine in
existence, and positively cures
Heartburn, Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Constipation and Malaria.
Try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1904.
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES STEADY
Upset in the Paris and Berlin
Bourses Produces Slight Ef
fect on Investment Shares
BANK - LOANS DECREASE
Professional Traders Attempt
lo Advance Prices After
Failing 1 to, Send Them Down
NEW YORK, Feb. 20.— The char
acter of the stock market showed no
change to-day from that of the whole
week. The effects of the day's de
pressing factors were very moderate
and were well resisted. But once the
depression was overcome all Interest
in the market abruptly ' terminated.
There seemed to be a waiting demand
for stocks on any declines, but no
buyers were qt hand to follow any ad
vance. The principal pressure upon
the market came from foreign sources.
This was well absorbed and prices
were at no time down to the London
parity. The sentimental effect of the
decided upset in the Paris and Berlin
bourses was very slight. The severe
declines on the Paris Bourse are at
tributed to the financial needs caused
by the shrinkage in Russian securi
ties, which are a poor sale at the pres
ent time, so that necessities must be
met by the sale of other securities.
The special weakness of state funds in
Paris might, however, be due to inti
mate knowledge of diplomatic affairs
not available to other centers, which
would explain its greater sympathetic
effect on other foreign markets.
The favorable bank statement was a
help to the resistance of depression
here. The $7,544,000 increase In cash
was not unexpected and is attributed^
to a return of money from the SouthT
where the follapse in cotton specula
tion has decreased the immediate need.
Some of the money sent to Baltimore
is believed also to have come back.
The loan decrease is evidence that cor
poration borrowings have been large
ly supplied out of the previous loan
expansion. It is probable also that
the proceeds of railroad loans are left
on deposit with the banks pending
the need for employing the funds
which are available to the loan mar
ket in the meantime. The market
closed about steady and not far from
last night's level.
ADVERSE DEVELOPMENTS.
The week's market for stocks has
been duller and , narrower than for
nearly four years past, Monday trans
actions falling to a total of sales less
than for any day save one since the
summer of 1900. The news of the
week has not been favorable to ad
vancing prices, but the adverse de
velopments have been almost equally
without effect in bringing sales upon
the market. The stubborn resistance
of the market to all unfavorable fac
tors has prompted the "professional
traders once or twice to attempt to
advance prices after testing their abil
ity to depress them without success.
The occasional | upward movements
here and there were without news to
account for them and were quite evi
dently due to the testing operations
of traders, who are at the end of their
resources to effect'a sufficient move
ment of prices in either* direction
to afford a basis for their daily opera
lions.
The professional operations have
made up almost entirely the market,
the action of which or its non-action is
evidence of the -strong hands in which
the stocks are at present lodged and
of the small speculative position open.
Holders are apparently indifferent to
the day-to-day developments, and seem
to be content to hold their property
for more propitious market conditions.
The same spirit is seen in the policy of
the railroad companies to negotiate
temporary loans at a comparatively
high rate of interest rather than to at
tempt to issue new securities at a time
when the demand is listless and almost
stagnant. At the same time an occa
sional selling movement at one point
or another proves to be almost without
effect on prices, giving the impression,
in view of the narrowness of the mar
ket, that potential support lies behind
it. The effect this week has been to
cause almost absolute rigidity. The
continued large borrowings by railroad
corporations have been- viewed with
mixed sentiments. The continued sta
bility of the money market in face of
these demands and future requirements
in view has left little room for appre
hension «f any restriction of credits
on that account.
BANK LOANS DECREASE.
The publication of the comptroller's
compilation . of, national, bank returns,
as of January 22, makes it evident that
the loan expansion of the last few
months has been restricted to New
York banks, the New York increase for
the period reaching $78,000,000, with the
aggregate for the whole country show
ing only $4,000,000 increase. This show-
Ing of heavy decrease in ..the bank
loans outside of New York confirms the
belief that the low rates for money
have caused" the sending of Idle funds
to New York banks for deposit rates of
interest, thus in a measure forcing
those institutions to . find employment
for their deposits. This condition de
prives the railroad borrowing of any
menace to the money market. . To some
extent It has been viewed as an indi
cation of the fntention to continue plans
of betterment and . thus insure- large
expenditures for material. " ~ -
The railroad borrowing has. another
cide, also, which gains lmpressiveness
from the steady downward tendency
In railroad earnings. ' Wallljstreet has
dwelt much for a long time past on the
large proportion ;of railroad earnings
which have been "diverted to better
ments and permanent improvements
and which would not have a permanent
place in the operating expenses where
they have been figuring.
SMALIi DEMAND FOR MONEY. ■
The present borrowings indicate no
immediate prospect of reduction of ex
penditures ahead ' of " dividend J claims,
and In some cases they are for the
funding of expenditures already made
and classed in charges on earnings.
Meantime the declining tendency of
gross earnings continues, the decline
showing an Increased ratio ever- since
last summer. For January and Febru
ary the storm and snow blockades of
\ - il^' :^ . r ADVERTISEMENTS. "" '
To Let a Million of the Sick Try LiqvozOne.
* We are spending half a million dollars— spending it at the rate of $4,000 per day— to buy the first bottle of Ll^ uozot J e °. r
r each sick one who says "I want it." Don't you realize that Liquozone must be a wonderful product, when we can pa> sucn
a sum just to show the sick what it does? Won't you— for your own sake— let us prove its value to you.
"' - -' ... -. .. _._.«. «aa Asthma Hay Fever— Influensa
WeWaiBuy Acts Lik6 Oxygen. We Paid $100,000 a S^. r r PP D e lsea3ei
A 50c bottle of Liquozone and give it The virtue of Liquozone lies in the" For the American rights to Liquozone giood Pogon^ ftveTxroubie,
to vou to trv Simnlv send us the fact that it does what oxygen does, before we made the hrst bottle. 1 nat Bowel Troubles Malaria— Neuralgia
"X t 11 c thlt vou htve Oxygen is the vital part of air. It is is the highest price ever paid for simi- coughs-co.ds %E*2g££X "
coupon below. Tell us that you h.ve greatest f oniCi the vcrv lar rights on any scientific discovery, gumption Pi^^Ssy*
never used it. Tell us for what you source o f ,. vitality, the most essential Before paying this price we tested Li- constipation n S" u ?J, atl f2«
want it. By return. mail we wilt s^nd element o{ lifc# It is oxygen that quozone for two years, through physi- £»^/ n r t^L a £^ he4 scrofSa^s^hiii.
you an, order on your local druggist turns the blue blood to red in the cians and hospitals, in this country Dandnjff _ propsy stomach Troubles
for a full size bottle, and will pay your lungs. It is oxygen that eliminates the and others. We proved, in thousands Dyspepsia ( KS^utoSia
druggist ourselves for it. waste tissue and builds up the new. of the most difficult cases obtainable. y£ven£-Gaii stones Tumors— Ulcers
Our reason is this: Thousands of Every function of life so depends on it what Liquozone would do. gononrhea-oieet XxoSl"^^^.
people whom Liquozone could save that we could not live three minutes We cured with .t hundreds of pa- <*n^JSU that be^n with rever-aii «».
"!;« a \ ■ ♦ a q " f f . - f Hnn(1r . H , without it. tients who had been given up to die. flammat | On _ a n catarrh-aii contagious dis-
are dying to-day without it. Hundreds , <B^ j s a gas, and unstable. We cure* almost every disease which eases-all the, results of impure or poisonous
ot thousands are helpless and sick, We cannot RCt an ■ excess- into the was know^i as incurable. We con- w^ iervou , dl , bUity Uquo «»e-acu a. a viu»-
simply for the lack of Liquozone. We hi OOf * to rerna j n there. Liquozone is a tinued these tests until the physicians i zer . accomplishing what no drugs can do.
cannot, under conditions like those, liquid, with all its virtues in permanent who made them stated that Liquozone 5OC Bottle Free.
wait to convince the sick ones by ar~ form and concentrated. It does what was of more value to sick humanity
gument. an excess of oxygen would do. One than all the drujjs in the world com- If you need Liq uozone an xl ha e
Any slow method of introducin K result is that Liquozone acts as a tonic bined. Then we staked on the product never, med it.p l \^
I innornn- wonlH almost a enmc with which no other known product our fortunes and our reputations. pon below, we will men sena you an
Liquozone would seem almost a crime, compare< We tell you these facts to indicate order on your local druggist for a 50c
knowing what we do of this product. v . _ tfce q{ Liquozone It is casy to bott i e> and will pay your druggist our-
And, knowing as we do, that nothing Kills InSlde GeiTIVS. make claims, and easy to question- selves for it. This applies only to new
else in the world can accomplish what f . . . them. But when men of our class pay users, of course, and to the nrst .bottle
Liquozone does. So we publish no o *"i* h £ !Jf " SSlSV 1 «£ such a price for a product, no one can alone. ....
testimonials, no evidence of .cure, %> *3» i^SSSiS? Sf w 2SSJ doubt that we have great reason for Pleas^ | » te^nr^t
and let the product itself prove its And so wth iSone It is so it »> all the water we drink to prevent decide. ,..,...
power. And P we publish this offer in ceAlin tL^we pibfon Sn^verv bo° germ contapon. We use ,t to keep \ou mus realize that we not
1800 newspa-Ters and magazines, tle an offer of P $IOOO for , a disease well, as you will do when you buy **£"!**£* h *£ £% y °"£
reaching pracycally every home in ger m that it cannot kill. Yet it is not it. here was any doub t oh few^^e
America. only harmless but of the utmost ben- Diseases. pente if it would not do as we claim.
ftl*«+ M«-ii/-inA • cnt to tne cells oi the human body. p.. __ f_: r , v ;*h vourselt as we are
Not MedlCine. This , is the fact which K j vcs t The disease s in this list are known ie sfck with a germ
Liquozone is the result of a process Liquozone its remarkable value. It to be due to germs or their toxins. b *j i c t us prove what Liquozone
which, for more than 20 years, has solves the great problem of killing Every modern physician knows that • do Then use it always if
been the constant subject of scientific germs in the body without killing the medicine does not apply to them, for we , that it serves to
and chemical research. The process tissues, too. And there is no other medicine cannot kill inside eerms.^ •
consists in generating gases, made in way to do it. Any drug that kills All that medicine can do for these t : nuozone costs -;oc and $1.
large part from the best oxygen pro- germs is a poison, and it cannot be diseases is to act as a tonic, aidine N a- "■'" ; — .
ducers. These gases are confined tafcten internally. For that reason ture to overcome the germs. Such re- CUT OUT THIS COUPON
under pressure and by a secret pro- medicine is practically helpless in any suits are indirect and uncertain. They for this °{[" ™ R y/^ a f, p ?*% r o^ n ij<juid
cess _by the employment of immense germ disease. depend on the patient s condition. A O z 0 ne Co.. 453-460 Wabash Ave.. Chicago,
apparatus and 14 days' time— are Liquozone, taken internally, goes cure by drugs is always doubtful and
made part of the liquid product. wherever the blood goes; and as no often impossible. My disease is..... ''"^'l",t'ou
Liquozone is not made, like medi- germ can escape it, and none resist it, Liquozone goes direct to the cause w ,V™ppfy V mea8(te bottle W 1 win
cine, by compounding acids or drugs, the results are inevitable. A germ of the trouble and destrovs it. i It of- take lt .
nor is there any alcohol in it. Its vir- disease. must end when the germs are ten ends in a week a disease which has
tues are derived solely from the gas, destroyed; nothing is more- certain resisted medicine for years. . And it .......!
in the making of which- we employ the than that. And every physician knows cures diseases which medicine never ..-•.-•
best oxygen producers.* The result is that a £?crm trouble can never be cured cures. In any stage of any disease in •• ••••
a wonderful product, which is better until then. The use of Liquozone, in this list the results are so certain that 514 Give fun address-write plainly.
than anything else in the world for place of medicine, is fast becoming we will gladly send to any patient who A ny physician or hospital not yet using
you y - universal among modern physicians. asks it .an absolute guaranty. Liquozone win be g.adiy supplied for a test.
EUROPE WILL. F9RM A
COMMERCIAL ALLIANCE
Plans Arc on Foot to Resist the En
croachments of the United
States.
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— It is now consid
ered certain ..that a new Central
European Customs Union will be
formed under the presidency of the
Duke of Schleswig-Holstein for the
protection of ■ European ; countries
against the United States. rv
Several meetings have been held dur
ing the last week and' prominent repre
sentatives of trade, industry and agri
culture from all States in Germany,
Belgium, Holland and the Scandina-'
vian countries have been present.
The idea of forming a union of this
kind emanates from Professor Wolff,
who has presided at all the meetings,
and who explained that the aim of tlfc
society is to establish a Central Euro
pean Economic Alliance for the pro
tection of European producers.
Although the United States has not
been, mentioned at any meeting, it is
evident* that the regulations adopted
are first of air directed against Ameri
can competition. The only obstacle to
the formation of an effective union Is
the attitude of France, which at pres
ent seems disinclined to co-operate
with Germany In this field.
PASSENGER TRAIN COLLIDES
, HEAD-ON WITH A FREIGHT
Baggageman Is Killed and Three Mail
Clerks, Two Travelers and a Fire-
man Receive Injuries.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Feb. 20.—
Pennsylvania passenger No. 6,
leaving Chicago about midnight, was
wrecked to-day at Hobart. Ind., in a
head-on collision with a freight train.
Charles Strayer, baggageman, was
killed and Mail Clerks Bricker, Bow
ers and Thomas and two passengers,
E. C. Weisenberger and C. F. Haverin,
and S. A. LindnerWIreman, w;ere se
riously injured. The baggage |car
and express. car were telescoped and a
mail car and both locomotives were
bjadly smashed. ,
Callfornians In New York!
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — The follow
ing Californians have arrived here:
From San Francisco — G. B. Baldwin,
at the Everett; M. I. Cahn, at the Im
perial; E. H. Adams, at the Manhat
tan; H. W. Kooper, at the Cadillac.
From Los Angeles — A. W. Cleaver,
at the Herald Square.
Explosion Kills Three Men.
PATERSON, N. J., Feb. 20. — An ex
plosion at the Laflin & Rand powder
mills at Wayne, seven miles from
here, to-day caused the death of three
men. Three mills were wrecked.
traffic are offered as partial explana
tions, and the ''same" causes, tending
to increase the ratio of operating ex
penses, even In the reduced traffic,
made heavy cuts on the net. earnings.
The force of the argument that
storm blockades represent only tem
porary interruption of traffic, which
will ultimately be moved, has been
somewhat weakened by the develop
ment of rate wars on grain. traffic.
The falling off in the demand for
money in the country at large is not
an altogether reassuring development
in its bearing upon the rate of activity
of business In general. The Far East
ern war and the threat of complica
tions in the Near East overhang the
market, (but are regarded as of im
portance to j this market principally
through the possible effect through the
European' money markets and the re
flex there.
Bonds ' have been dull and ■ heavy In
a' very narrow market. United States
2s £ and the old 4s have advanced %
and the 3s coupon % per cent, on call
during the week, . .
BANKS RECORD
CASH INCREASE
Statement of JXew York Insti
tutions Shows a Big.. Gain
That Is Very Encouraging
NEW TORK, Feb. 20.— The Financier
says: The striking feature of the of
ficial statement of the New Tork banks
last week was the net increase of $7,
455,400 in cash to the maximum of the
year. This amount of increase closely
corresponds with the gain of $7,617,800
which was estimated upon the basis of
the traceable movements of money
during the week, including Thursday,
February 11.
This correspondence between the
bank statement and the estimated gain
is the mora remarkable because the
statements of the two previous/ weeks
showed wide discrepancies, that of Feb
ruary 6 indicating a loss of $2,500,000,
while tHe estimate called for a gain of
nearly that sum, and the return of Feb
ruary 13 showing a decrease'of $1,666.
000, -whereas the estimates indicated a
gain of more than $2,000,000.
Moreover.the statements of the pre
vious two weeks included one day
k which was omitted in computing the
estimates. The deposits last week in
creased $1,668,100, and consequently the
required reserve was augmented by
$417,025. this sum from the
net gain of $7,544,400 cash as above,
leaves $7,127,375- as the increase in sur
plus reserve to $27,506,000. This, It may
be noted, is the maximum of the year
and within $474,175 of the highest sur
plus reserve in 1903 K which was recorded
on January 31.
Computed Upon the basis of deposits,
less those of 537,997,500 public funds, the
surplus last week was 537.005,975. The
loans were reduced $5,131,100, reflecting
the light demand from Stock Exchange
borrowers and commission houses re
sulting from the inactive speculation.
The statement was probably made
upon risng averages for cash, this hav
ing been an apparently unrecorded
movement of money representing de
posits of public funds which have been
sent hither from interior points in an
ticipation of the treasury call for their
surrender. The" movement of money
from the South to this center was also
large toward the end of the week.
Comparisons of loans show that five
of the larger banks decreased their item
by 55,000,000 net; changes in cash indi-
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'- ;-;'■; ;> \? "_°f." her life. Becoming
a mother 6hould be, a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the, ordeal malces its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but air the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy ; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
6erious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's illi^vfrfW ArntQ^
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," mfMrilsPir
says many who have used it. $1.00 per lVflvllilu^U v
bottle at drug stores. Book coctaining
Valuable information of interest to all women, will .; fT*rjvf5 aia *l\
be sent to any address free upon application to B^H^lg*lHifi
BRADHELD REGULATOR OO., Afloat*, Qa. 11 E^SBxi
INSANE PATIENTS FIGHT
TO ESCAPE FROM RESCUERS
Great Difficulty Is Experienced In
Saving Lives of Patients Detained
in; Burning Asylum. •
RACINE, Wis., Feb. 20.— All that
remains of the Racine County Insane
Asylum to-day is smoldering' ashes,
the loss agregatlng $115,000. All of
the 133 patients escaped, though res
cue in many tases was accomplished
with difficulty, as some of the inmates
fought their rescuers and tried to
plunge back into the burning build-
Ing. ■ _ ' . .
The patients were all finally assem
bled and brought to the city on a spe
cial train, where they wye cared for
"at the City Hall, the police offices and
the Courthouse. Merchants offered
bedding and clothing liberally.
MIXERS AN'D PROSPECTORS
HURRYING TO NEW CAMP
Reported Discovery of Gold and Cop
per nt the Grass Roots at Bower
man Causes Great Excitement.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 20. — Miners
and prospectors are very much excited
over the reported discovery of a vein
of gold and copper twenty-five feet
wide at the grass roots at Bowerman.
Gunnison County, Colo., and people
from all parts of the State are moving
to the new camp. Much of the vein
matter, it is said, carries 30 to 40 per
cent copper and samples from it that
have been assayed showed more than
$5000 gold to the ton. Bowerman is
easily accessible, being within fifteen
miles of both the . Denver and Rio
Grande and the Colorado and South
ern railroads.
Prepares Co-operative Chart.
The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association has prepared a chart to
be exhibited at .the St. , Louis fair 11
lustratilng the Industrial activity of
California. . The scheme In the main
Is to show that this State with a pop
ulation equal to 2 per cent of the pop
ulation of the country produces, a
much greater quantity of raisins, beet
sugar, wine, beans, hops and honey
per capita than the other States aad
Territories combined. The amount
expended on schools in California Is
54 65 per capita and in the remainder
of the country $2 78 per capita.
cated that four of. the Institutions
gained $3,700,000 net. It is noteworthy
that the public deposits of the banks
were Increased last week by $842,700.
The statement showed a good proof, the
sum of the gain in cash less the loss In
loans being only $645,200 greater than
the increase in deposits. .
Napa Prepares to Receive Cannon.
NAPA. Feb. 20. — The steamer Zin
fandel^ which will make an excursion
to Mare Island next Monday, is to
have the honor of bringing up to Napa
the cannon recently secured for Napa
by Congressman Bell. The steamer
will be decorated with bunting: and
flags. It has been suggested that a
committee of ladies from the Im
provement Club be on hand to dec
orate the gun and provide for its re
moval to a proper site In this city on
the boat's arrival.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made Strong.
Contracted
fi^a Ailments
Qnickty.
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist
Mora than 17 Tears' Succ«««. Ooa»
roltatlon Prti at Offlo.
or by Mall.
I HAVE CURED MORE UZH THAN
any other physician on tho coast. My
treatments *re more rational, xnor. mod-
ern and mor. effective than any other phy-
sician practicing In tha Wm. My treat-
ment cives vim, visor, vitality, strength
and ambition to weak and despondent men.
young or old. married or single, rsgardless
of the cause of their trouble. I master
wasting weakness, etc.. quickly and per-
manently.
I ALSO CURE
. Special Diseases, ladndlag- Coata-
rloxu Blood Poison, atrlctnrs, Va-
rlcooelo, Hy drocsi*. "Rnptnx*. Fflat,
Disease* of the XlOneys, Bladder,
etc.
My hom« cure system Is mar-relotMly
successful. If you cannot visit Saa Fran-
cisco write me In confidence and I will
send ycu sealed, by mall; a booklet which
contains a treatise on all diseases aad
weaknesses of men. and a great deal of
other valuable Information.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
739 Market St.. San rranelseo.
(Tod 'Floor.)
I Hours— 9 to 3 dally; 0 to 12 Sunday*..
jg^. Every Woman
fv**«r- \\M VUtt >» latextlted »nd should know
SIWX'ViIl about the wonderful
fe-VMtvl MARVEL Whirfing Spray
C$fc\\; ThenewT«,i"i9 T ri»r'. Jvte-
* 2CS&* "•Ci^ssL tio» and Suction. Bert— »af-
t£^ ' ... ■■.',■ J- ** Utum buUaU/.
|lt;m Iniymftrrt. \\, iftjfC, _ , _j^^^ m
If h» cannot snpply the \/iW/ > '•■ '.•'■ '">5
MARVEL, accept r.o •^"iy^JKm ■"
ether, but send stamp for fl» % >jy •r =^< / » 9\*
tastrated book— <esled.n siTes \\ § ''-vJT •
fall partirulart and directions ln« C*. / ' ,S
valuable to ladlts. MARVEL CO.* W ■'•.-■•.•. ,m
Times Building. New Tork. *>*+LL*F
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OTJAHJIKTEEB CT7BE 70S ME3I-
H ABMI.ESS IWJECT1OH. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst case*-. "STO OTEZS TEEATMEST
BEQTJIRED. Preventsand Cures Stric-
f ures .% -f-KBVUaTS CONTAGIOX Harm-
less. ll.OO per bottle, expressed. For sale only
g. S. KEI.I.Y'S p-frA^-yrjiCT. 102 Eddy.
J>MB&*&& MENANDWO.MEFT.
Cie Big efnmnnatursl
JWUTt 1 1 I 'ijiTB di»ch»rstei,infl»nira»uon«.
m&fa O«armate*4 \1 irritations or ulcpr»:ioai
R**J ■•* t* itrlctmr.. *■ o ( mucoui m-mbriii*
ff_ J frwinf CnutlM. Pain'.MS. snd not s»tria«
fTsjTHEETAIISCHWIMlCO. gsnt or powonoaJ.
lflA CJWWWTl,O.H|ja Sold by Drnrtrt*-*
CS.X, JbT or cent la plain *"??£:
TtHiMi titm bT "Preis. prepaid. -M
W sKinH ti.00. or 3 bottles «.?»•
-p g circular wet •• m«MfcNOTORIOUS
DESPERADO
CAPTURED
; Karl Ahorh Wiio Departed
r iVom the ToKibstoiic Jail
'••"»\iili Other Prisoner^ Meets
'.'•OlTiieis and ll;is a Battle
;:\ I i HOHITIES ESCAPE
BULLETS OF OUTLAWS
. Arizona Train Bobber Again
• in a Cell and the Pur
•- sikts Arc" Hunryiug Un
tiie Trail of His Com pan ion
t?r»eci«l D:s;ifitch to The Call.
. KL, PASO. Texas. Feb. 20. — Burt
AJyord. who broke jail in Tombstone,
Ariz., and has been at liberty for two
months, is back la jail with two bullet
'.tiol-s in his body and the officers are
close on the trail of his partner. Billy
3tiles.
•'The oiTicers came «r»on the pair
near Xaco yesterday and they at once
rave battle when surrounded. But
• •th,eir aim was not as true as usual and
Hot an officer was even hurt, although
the bullets of the outlaws came dan
gerously near them. Sheriff D?l Lewis
"having the narrowest esccpe.
\ In the excitement and the growing
Cusk Stiles made his escape in com
pany with a Mexican who -was in
•:amp with him. but the officers were
"close behind them at Agua Caliente,
this morning. Alvord was
struck twice by bullets of the officers,
: # *-h« returned the desperado's first
fire, and could not escape.
•* 'The capture ivas made on Young's
• rauch in Sonora. Just over the line
'ff.om Arizona, but Alvord did not de
mand-requisition papers, #»aying he
•■was willing to go ivith the officers to
Tofnbftone.
•Since they escaped from the jail at
.ttfat pls.ee by tunneling out with a
.number of other prisoners they have
•terrorized Southern Arizona anil
Mexico rnd large reward;
v»ere offered for their arrest. W. C.
ftneffen, the Cansnea copper king.
AVhose life the;.' had threatened, offered
SUTOO. Their crime is stage robbery
. und they were awaiting trial for this
.■when they broke jail.
TOMBSTONE. A. T.. Feb. 20. — Burt
" AJvord, the notorious train robber and
'outlaw, va* brought to Tombstone to
nlffltt by Sheriff Lewis and landed be
lfiv.:i th* bars whence lie escaped
losTther ".v!th seventeen fellow prison-.
. *>rs Lwo months since. Alvord and
V.'illia:?! F.tiles, both charged with
< otnpUcity In the Cochise train rob
iieiy. v-era the ringleaders of the fugi
tives and led the- oiJicers a weary chase
for rhany days in efforts to capture j
jUbtm. ■ . ]
.r- The^ '-nvture of Alvord was-effected ;
last nlcht ueur Naco, in Mexico, after I
■ a battle between the officers and out
;ans, i:i which Alvord was wounded
i-nd surrondered. Sheriff Lewis and
linncer Drooks headed a posse to cap
• ture Alvord and StiJcF, who were
known to be at a rendezvous below the
'.ln< j . The officers arrived at the hid-
Mr.g place laet night and expected to
Jr,y their plans for the capture of the
.■outlaws nt daybreak. The latter, how
ever, discovered them and opened fire.
: A battle of bullets raged for a few
moments. Alvord was wounded in
. the thigh and ankle.
A Mexican named Garcia, wanted
for" murder, was wounded In the arm
and it is thousnt Ftilea also was
•wounded. Stiles a.nd two Mexican
companions escaped in the darkness
and are without horses. Alvord was
brought here and placed in jail. His
wounds are not ecrious. but painful.
». T ne outlaw bitterly denounced Stiles
*and his companions for deserting him
.'under fire and his hatred has gone to
•such length that he has divulged sev
.Wai important clews to the officers
whicli will undoubtedly lead to the
capture of the others.
Alvord i* under sentence of two
"Vears for train robbery, but escaped
from Jail the day before he was to
have been taken to Yuma. Stiles has
eleven indictment* banging over him
"for the same offenee.
Gambler Takes His Own Life.
BAKERPFIELD, Feb. 20. — William
rjilbert, a gambler, committed suicide
here to-day by swallowing the con
tents of a four-ounce bottle of cbloro
"forin. The deceased leaves a wife and
.son and mother*
Lcclnres on Soil Analysis.
' ■ The California section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society he!d a dinner
•Vla^t night at a Pine-street rotisserie.
'. A large crowd was present and an ex
'tellent lecture was rendered by Pro
" re**DT C W. Hilgard, dean of the col
'fge of agriculture. University of Cal
*-rfo-nia Prof>s*or Hilgard's talk -was
.on the "Methods and Interpretation
oi Soil Analysis."
OBAPE-NUTS.
FOUND AT. 70
Th<* I*o\vcr of Footl.
An I!H-.o:s lady who never knew
vbat health was until she reached h^r
Tflh year, presents an unusually ■ con-
vincing case of the power of proper
.f : .nd. She say*:
"1 am 74 years o\<i this fall and I
never had good health that I can re-
raf rab-r since I was a child until I com-
menced to use Grape-Nuts four years
""'From the very first I could. feel a
vaet. improvement and now in four
ytaiB I have gained so that I do all tny
own work, ar;d feel I cannot say too
n:uch In favor of Grape-Nuts and what
This sra:id food has done for me as
old as I am.
•I have recommended Grape-Nuts to
fcvcral r.nd th<»y all have t>een ben-
cfittd by it." Name priven by Postum
Cri.. Eatt!« Creek, Mich.
The power' of proper food (which
nieans food that the stomach will di-
Sfrst. end at th* same time yields the
cJl-noc-essary nutriment) is almost un-
limited end that's th? reanon ten dayi'
trial ttt CJrape-N'JtF often works a won-
der.
L.Kfik for th" famous Uttle'book. "The
>li r Jd to Wellville," in each package.
CRITICIZES
COURSE OF
PRESIDENT
Senator 3foney Says Acts of
United .States in Connection
With the Panama UevoinYill
Iteccivc Censure of History
. \
SPOOXER DEFENDS
NATIOX'S, EXECUTIVE
Says That if >Vc flad Abandoned
the Treaty the French Gov
ernment Would Have As
sumed Our Responsibilities
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2O.-Panama
was the subject of three speeches in
the Senate to-day and was the only
subject 6f general importance. Spooner
completed the speech begun by him
Thursday, and Morgan and Money both
made brief addresses. Morgan spoke in
opposition to the treaty, as usual, and
announced that he would not be heard
again on the treaty. Money announced
his intention of voting for the ratifica
tion of the canal treaty, but criticized
the part taken by the United States in
connection with the secession of Pan
ama.
During his speech Spooner engaged
in a spirited colloquy with Tillman., He
defended the President against the as
sumption that his position on Panama
Involved the. right of the Southern
States to secede.
Morgan declared that the vote on the
treaty was being unduly hastened, and
asserted this haste to be due to com
plications with the new Panama Canal
Company.
Money in a speech said: "Whatever
broken faith or blighted honor at
taches to the country was not brought
on by the Democratic party; neither is
either branch of Congress responsible.
The censure belongs to the administra
tion and its supporters, as they are ac
cessories after the fact."
ATTACKS ADMIXISTKATIOX.
Money declared that the President's
course in violation of international law
had been such as to render it indefensi
ble. He was sure that this and other
acts of the United States in connection
with the Panama revolt would deserve
and receive the censure of history. But,
bad as our course had been in Panama,
he said that it was no worse than our
course in Hawaii and the Philippines
had been. He also contended that the
President had been wrong in his recog
nition of Panama, but concluded that
as he had given it . recognition it was
established and its rights as a nation
fixed, and this status being fixed the
new republic had a* right to enter into
the treaty. . *
Money referred' to the action of the
State Legislature '' of '~ Mississippi re
questing him to^ vote for the canal
treaty, saying that that request had as
much influence with him as would be a
command.
Spooner resumed the speech which
he had -begun Thursday last. He said
that if the United States had aban
doned the treaty the French Govern
ment would have assumed our respon
sibilities, which this nation would not
have tolerated. He declared it to be
strange that men who had spoken with
such feeling of the condition of Cuba
before the Spanish war should not hav»
had a word to say for Panama.
In response to a question from Till
man Spooner defended the orders of
the Government of. the United States
prohibiting the landing of troopg with
in- fifty miles, of the canal. Till
man said that the United States never
would havn interfered. In Panama's af
fairs if the canal had not been involv
ed, and Spooner replied that the Presi
dent had obeyed the acts of Congress
In all that he. had done.
The President, Spooner contended,
had every reason to believe that the
Government of Panama was stable,
for Colombia, without treasury or
navy, and with a small army and no
means of reaching Panama, could not
be expected to be very formidable. He
said that if the South Carolina Senator
had been in Panama he would have
been the chief conspirator there.
DEFENDS PRESIDENT.
Tillman replied that his antagonist !
had paid him a great compliment.'
Spooner retorted tljat in makfrig "this
admission Tillman was conceding all |
he had himself been contending.
Tillman would not, however, admit
that he had any high regard for the j
Colombians. "I have 'called 'em a|
mangy lot," he said, "'and the Senator
from Wisconsin has made 'em a man
gier lot than I have."
Spooner then' entered upon a discus
sion of the question of the benefits to ]
be derived from the canal, the Presi
dent's right to recognize and Colom
bian ownership of property in the Pan
ama Railroad and' Panama canal un
der present conditions.- On'' the last
named point he took issue with Mor
gan, contending that Colombian own
ership had passed with her sovereignty.
Referring to the President's course, j
Spooner- said that no one need roll un
der his tongue as a swee{ morsel the !
contention that in recognizing Panama i
the President had committed himself!
to the secession of the Southern States,
which was, he said, an 'epjirely differ
ent matter. That would. do for Confea- j
erate Daughters* meetings, but not for i
Confederate themselves.
Culbersori asked:.' "How about the
president's Capon Springs speech?"
Spooner declared Ihat^the doctrine of
secession. in this, country.. had. been suf-^
ficientry covered . by Daniel Webster's j
reply to Hayne as not to render it!
necessary to go into (hat question."
Moreover, . the American secession had '.
failed. • .-.';.. v -^ . .. . .
"But,", asked Tillma.ri, "would we
have failed if we had had in France !
or England a big friend like Panama I
had in the United States to keep' you i
people away? 1 ' - -.- ~ ; .;«y;
The Senate then nvent into executive
session, and at 5:27 adjourned. i
COLORADO LABOR 'fKOUHLES. j
Government Will Primal* — Miners' . j
Side of the Controversy. i
lyASHINGTON, Feb. 20.— At the
THE SAX FRANCISCO' CALI~ SLINDAW I^BRtbVRY: 21. 1001
JOE ROSENBEEGS. ' I JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSENBERGS. * " i JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOr. ROSENBERG'S."
ab(?omen. m Circular US cut°and ine hand- Ia/HAY \?M / /KfftfJfi) A /} kV7// lAftl I )) \ '^//i >w '^^iillf^V
rcored; ;..l.so lace trimmed. In gray, WfiliM 7 \JU <sjCC f/V \J (J ft *\lS. VUU IT/iLL. ; /J' *' -{./W *^&!t/^^— "s^S*^^^.
white and black. If you - pay dou- r~~/A*r\IA* *\ '§ i >* ' e. •»»>% &■ • (( iP) J J\v*-1^^'
eiuaV lis rrice ■ you calloot Ket Its rf/VO /Af Oi//< oTOr?Ct >^,^ v\S 1|§^$P$$ y^^^^W^^
Tuesday aad Wednesday. . .S 1 .< Ml * ' ... " ' ■ . . . ~=^^ «x -^^^-, W '/£&*
H^J— T -*■ Our curtain goes up Tuesday morning. ffl%b JiffiLMSSmSL
scotrs Busth end H, P Fa™., Here are some more low prices for the ~^^m^7 /Cli?liM^«
[nvisible when worn, light in lact Hat/Q fhf FPfirjmri/ ' ■ - • VvV / .^"JS^f' i^^^/S^SSV^?'
wHpht; ventilating and reversible. IdbL Udy^ Ul I t'lJlUCliy. . '• ThC rCCOll^CtiOn \\\ V&^^^sV' ■0Y?TS t &- Bw\fPffl^|3i
!fAFil:>E,£ ; S They are not only in the paper, but of , qnam ; r , NM '^^W
»■!;?;:, sra»c>!": i " nIi ' -""■ sriiy - there are plenty more in the store. ♦ mams'iong after m lmM Wmm^i*
~ TU " J *I? > J vT" SUC ° 1^m~o~TT — ~° -J^T^'o'~^. ~° lhe price is for - JgLjwiP^ssi^PP^
Ladies' Auto or IVnst Bags. Ladies' Waists. Children's Gonns. I itjgifgJ/'V'. _ _ MstunA+S
tr^s^/Sii'T,^^,^ 1 ";-.^: Mtz& 'r^&Z"^',°^ii 3gg£&Siigg&A8S , Accuracy V M&-W3ajmNMY.
E c S€"HF- sSrwsi s;ici,! a So!-^ e^ t jssh M Sr £r£c/ErW k - ■ — ; — r, \~^0 these offerings
lined, also coin purse to match. In finished with law pearl buttons. In blue and gray Extra low In price for is OUT COPStant FQR Tl/£?3/)AY
red onlv hence the low price Regu- navy, cadet and black, all cheked with a good garment like this. Nothing stint- • / %Jf\ . f %/Cw*4/ti 7 *
lar $1.25 quality. white. ed. full in length and width. advertising aim.
Tneaday and Wednesday. ... .SSc Tuesday and -Wednesday. .. -S1.5O Tuesday and Wadnegday 5O<? g Q \Vill J^g sister. COUSlH, aUfit
Special No. 4." Special No. 13. . Special No. 20. Special No. 26. or mother of the young lady
Allovsr Lace Net or Webbing. Ladies' Gowns. Ladies' Vests. Ladies' Jackets. who looked at the Ladies*
Man> of Point Venise lace, full 18 Made of New York Mills muslin: High neck and long sleeve?, jersey Made of striped flannelette, sailor FrdlCh RlbbOH Tape CorsetS
inches wide. The latest material for square yoke, finished with six rows of knit and fleece lined. The perfect- collar, trimmed with embroidered ruf- ■_-«. c^»...-#«-»«i »»»»•
fancy evening waists or yoke trim- tucks; neck, sleeves and down the fitting kind. PANTS to match, same fie. Sleeves and all around the edge 1351 OdtUruay HOte.
mings. in the real Ilussian lace de- front finished with a hemstitched ruf- quality, ankle length. French band. finished with an embroidered scallop. - «■»_ havc» marked f hr»m
signs. In cream. Arabian and white. fie. No more than two to a customer, Tho kind that button at the sides. A In pink and blue stripes, fast colors. ***5 liave mui rvt-u uicili
Eijual to any at $3.50. Yard — because we want to have enough for all. garment — More than even exchange for money. dOWH tO • 32C
Tuesday and Wednesday... $l.(iO Tuesday and Wednesday UOe Tuesday and Wednesday 25c Tuesday and Wednesday 50c
. Q Q C3 • P ' O
Special No. 5. Special No. 14. Special No. 21. Special No. 27. Special No. 32.
Ladies' Belts. ' Ladies' Gloves. Ladies' Combination Suits. Ladies' Vests. Ladies' Belts.
Made of extra heavy soft all silk Made of picked lambskin, patent Made of Egyptian yarn, fleece lined, High neck and long sleeves. The Mad* of extra strong black patent
peau de sole, fancy metal buckles two-clasp, and three rows of silk medium weight and velvet finish, high celebrated Merode make. Made ©f leather, with a highly polished hard
in the newest Parisian styles, also stitching in back. Overseam sewed. neck; long sleeves and ankle length. steam-shrunk Australian wool. enamel buckle. It was a lucky pur-
slides to match: in gilt, silver and In brown, tan. cray. white and black. seamless and kid fitting. The Mentor TIGHTS to match, snug-fitting tops chase of ours, and the way we buy is
gun metal. Real worth $1.00. make. In gray and ecru. and ankle length. Really worth $1.25. the way we sell.
Tuesday cad Wednesday 50e Tuesday and Wednesday OOc TuesdaV and Wednesday 50c Tutsday and Wednesday 85c Tuesday and Wednesday 10c
■ 3 i.i Q O ■ Q i | |
Special No. 6. Special No. 15. Special No. 22. Special No. 28. Special No. 33.
French Empire Tape Corset. Ladies' Petticoat. Ladies' Gowns. Ladies' White Skirts. Cluny Lace Insertion.
Made of all silk satin ribbon and Made of fast black mercerized Made of white Daisy- flannel ; square Made of the Pride of the "West mus- For dress or waist trimmings; full
boned with aluminoid boning, which sateen, trimmed with a graduating ac- yoke, trimmed with eighteen tucks; lin. trimmed with a ten-inch cambric three Inches wide, made of extra
is unbreakable and rust-proof. Fin- cordion-pleated flounce and finished collar, yoke and sleeves finished with flounce, finished with a cluster of strong Indian threaC. In the wheel
ished with a large satin ribbon bow. with a herring-bone stitched ruffle; feather-stitched braid. Liberal in tucks;liberal in width and length. The and serpentine designs. In white
In pink, white and Oiue. also dust ruffle; snug fitting tops. width and length. material would cost you more. and Arabian.
Tuesday and Wednesday 5Oc J Tuesday and Wednesday $1.OO Tuesday and Wednesday. 75c Tuesday and Wednesday 50c Tuesday and Wednesday lOo
_ £ — ! o O C O
Special No. 7. Special No. 16. . Special No. 23. • Special No. 29. Special No. 34.
Ladies' Hose. Ladies' Runabout or Walking Skirts Ladies' Corset Covers. Child's Vests. Child's Hose.
Made of Egyptian lisle, in open- Made of genuine English cheviot Made of Lonsdale cambric, trim- Made of fleece-lined yarn, Jersey Made of English thread, fast
work French lace effect, double and homespun cloth, steam shrunk; med with four rows of lace in- knit, high neck and long sleeves. black and stainless. Double heels,
heels and toes. fast. black and velvet some with corded flounces, others sertion running lengthwise: the PANTS to match, French band, ankle toes and heels:- jersey knit. Me-
finish, extra length. Regular $3.00 flared; all man tailor stitched. In gray, neck is also trimmed with Torchon length. In pray or ecru. Steam shrunk dium weight, full length and all
a dozen quality. brown and navy. ' lace. « and velvet finish. A garment — sizes. Wholesale price $2.25 a, dor.
Tuesday and Wednesday 19c Tuesday and Wednesday. .. .$2.08 Tuesday and Wednesday 25c Tuesday and Wednesday 25c Tuesday and Wednesday 15c
, o .__ o 1_ {J q ; — n
Special No. 8. ' ..«.,..— ■ .— u -.-■■■. , J ..,^,. ,.,.,. -■-... ..— ...— «-^ Special No. 35.
Remnant Veilings n«*i&£ 1 „,»;„„» H * . BPfc i ■ n«* Tl.;.,««nJ Embroideries.
Or odd pieces of the good selling bOIliani LdUlBS I jm%. iffih U H //Ob. Jfffo HA G\ &± HA rtfr* "IB I nOUSdllU Made of XXX English lawn. 9
kind. 27 and Hti inches long, in criss- • VI fi*M Jan m*Ja Mn OH MM HIM IH ffn of M BT r»» * „,,, inches wide, skirt width, openwork
cross. Tuxedo, spider web and com- HfiRP NIMnfinPR 63 H 9 It H fSBra H H »w H H W H H H BJi H N a P IPP.P^ fit R hnfin pattern, buttonhole ed^ps; fifty dif-
plexlon; _In plain and chenille dot- IIUOB OU|J|IUIICId | H gyg| W^ | | ftfl B H g g» g |B I IBOBO Ul IIIUUUIIi fcrent patterns t0 ch oose from.
Tuesday aad Wednesday lOc clu.or — Made with >&J& %& &JP I M «»§ %t3 I J& &M H finaa^ kind;, all Bilk and Tuesday aad Wedneiday 2."»c
O a shaped pad. with xi£*^ '•"' ■^ar ■• Misr m o tojt >c*' "■ XCm>^& satin taffeta, satin f3 i I
Special No. 9 . SSSSBB Sfflffii ' ==tHE PRICE CUTTER— "°"^ "nSST'^SS s P cc . ial No - 3^-
Battenberg Scarfs or Runners. S^SJSggSBSt QIC MarLot Qt II (\>FarroU Qt Sn. I !SSn i "uSic . Lace Cape Collars.
20 inches wide and 54 inches longr white. 40c guality — OID ItIqI l\vt OL» II U I Ul I vll Ol» white. 25c quality — In round effects. Made of Point
in criss-cross and conventional de- «•„._ aid •Wed *>Kfo ' . n ... **.-*, m*. ■■ n ~ .«• ■<«■*»» Tu.ent.VTed 1°Up Gene lace, seven inches wide, in
signs. A lucky purchase enables us TW.««*«-Ul | MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. ■ rues. « wea.-x^^C nower and leaf designs. In Arabian
to sell this $3.50 quality for — . aH|^ HaM|BnnBBBia _<^ n|aBai^^ |^ B^_ B^^K or- cream. Instead of 90c,
Tuesday and Wednesday. . .$2^25 '-. . . . 1T| r nrir ,3»^ Tuesday aad Wednesday 5Oc
O ■ Q ■ O O 1 O
Special No. io. , ' Special No. ij. ■ y ■ Special No. 24. Special tfo. 30. . Special No. 37.
Russian Bath Towels. Ladies' Vests. ' ■>■ . .'. Gents' Handkerchiefs. . Ladies' Handkerchiefs. ' All Silk Taffeta Ribbon.
20 inches wide and 40 inches long, liew'neck and no -sleeves, neck, and- Made Jof ejtra heavy Belfast linen; Made of soft bleached grass linen. Alpaca finish, corded edge and
in ecru. Soft and easy to dry with. arm holes crocheted' and run through different widths of hemstitching; full narrow hemstitched, unlaundered; just washable. Two inches wide. In
Wholesale price $1.50 a dozen. with . silk -tar>«. -rwUs riUbed. Real sizec -Wholesale price $2.00 a dozen. as they came from the nunneries. nile. red, pink, white and black. A
Apiece — ....- . - worth $J. 25. ..Marked/ to close — ; . $1.25' a dozen; or, apiece — lOc apiece; or, a dozen — . yard —
Tuesday and Wednesday! Oc Tuesday aad Wedneiday. .?... .75c Tuesday and Wednesday 124c Tuesday and Wednesday. .. .$1.00 Tuesday and Wednesday. ... ...5c
— — : ! ; : ■•£ — p — ! — i — ! 3 --'. 0 ' — ; ■ 0 i — ' — 9 °"
Special Nd. n. . Special No/ iS. ' \. : Special- No. 25. Special No. .31. , Special No. 38.
French Chantilly Flounce Lace. Ladies' Corset Covers. . Ladies' Owercollar and Tab. Ladies' Drawers. Yak Lace.
16 inches wide, pearl edges, in 'Made of soft bleached muslin, low Made of strong white lawn, embrold- Made of soft bleached muslin. Hand-made and fast black, three-
flower aiid leaf designs. Made of all or square- neck. French seams, tight-, ered in swlss designs, all buttonhole- trimmed with an. umbrella flounce, and a half inches wide, in guipure
silk thread. Instead of 45c — fitting. On sale in Bargain Basement edged; the good washing kind. tucked and hemmed.. patterns for dress trimmings. Yard —
Tuesday and Wednesday 25c .Tuesday and Wedaesaay 7c Tuesday and Wednesday 10c Tuesday and Wednesday. ..... .1 *)<? Tuesday and Wednesday 15c
FOURTEEN DIE
IN PARIS FIRE
Explosion of Gas in a Celluloid
Factory Starts Blaze That
Soon Envelops the Building
PARIS, Feb. 20. — Fourteen em
ployes of a celluloid factory at the
Boulevard Sebastopol and the Rue
Etienne Mariel lost their lives to-day
In a fire which started by an explosion
of gas. Twenty others were injured.
The explosion, which occurred In a
room on the fourth story, drove bricks
and pieces of glass against a house on
the other Eide of the street and im
mense jets of flame followed imme
diately. Soon the entire structure was
on flre.
Simultaneously with the appearance
of the flames a number of men and
women employed on the upper stories
and who had been eating their lunch
eon appeared at the windows and
shrieked for assistance. Three men
attempted to drop from a 'window to
a balcony beneath but missed it, fell
to the pa,vement and were killed. The
firemen arrived shortly afterward and
devoted themselves first to' saving as
many of the endangered persons as
possible. Several were Rescued.
One couple showed great presence of
mind, occasionally opening a window
for air and closing it to prevent the
spread of the fire.
It was not long before the flames
were under control nnd then a search
for the dead was made. In a corridor
leading to the street five of the vic
tims were found against the wall. They
had been asphyxiated and incinerated.
In all fourteen bodies were conveyed
to the Morgue, where they await iden
tification. • Five persons • were taken
from the b,uilding badly burned. Two
of them w/111 die. The damage to the
building will not exceed' $10,000.
Bcnguiat Remains at the Palace.
'For a few days Benguiat & Son. will
hold. the remainder of their great and In
teresting Rub collection in the Marble
and Maple rooms of the Palace Hotel.
Ruga may be bought at private sale
and the prices which they are making
are very tempting. *
request of Senator Patterson the Sen
ate to-day ordered the printing of a
statement by the Western Federation
of -"Miners, relative to the labor trou
bles in ColQrado and in rc.)ly to the
statement of, the _mlne operators of
that State, which has already been
printed. 1 The* document also was re
ferred to the. Committee on Judiciary
having -under consideration Patter
son's resolution; looking to an investi
gation of the Colorado troubles.
HASH MOUSES
IRE OE SAILORS
Two Score; Men -on the Govern-
ment's Big Jt)redge Chinook
Off Astoria Quit Their Jobs
Special Disratch to The Call
ASTORIA, Oh, Feb. 20.— Because of
the fact that hash had been fed them
for seven consecutive days ' forty-one
men employed upon the big dredge
Chinook, formerly the transport Grant,
have quit their places and come ashore.
For six days hash had been given
them for breakfast, and they caucused
and determined to complain if }t was
again furnished for the morning meal.
On the seventh day hash adorned the
breakfast table. One of the men was
sent aft to file a complaint with Cap
tain Dunbar, and he was discharged.
The others quit upon learning of the
discharge of their mate. The number of
Strikers is one-half the strength of the
vessel's complement.
The French bark La Bruyere, long
overdue from Port Lgs Angeles, reached
port late this evening. She should have
made the run in fifteen or eighteen
days, and was thirty-six days on the
trip. Fifteen per cent reinsurance had
been offered on her 'at San *Francisco.
The bark first ran into calm weather,
and then met with storms, which drove
her north as far as Cape Flattery.
Before reaching Port Los Angeles the
bark had lost, her fore topgallant mast
off the Horn, and a hole was stove in a
forward plate. Repaiip were not made
at the California port* but the damage
did not interfere with the vessel's run
up the coast. She was never sighted
after leaving Port Los Angeles, and
the fear was growing that she had been
lost.
SAN JOSE PREPARES IIEK
-'ARISOR DAY 'PROGRAMME
Trees Are to Be" Planted Around Nor
mal Square nntfon Avenues Lead
. Ing to the City. ' ,
SAX JOSE. Feb. 20. — Palm trees
are to be planted around the Normal
square on- Arbor day. This was de
cided upon by the Highway Improve
ment Club at its. meeting last night.
The club will furnish the palms, which
arc to. be planted forty feet apart. Be
sides the palms orange trees may be
set between. More than v a «nile. of
palms -are to be planted. San. Jose
ans are also going to plunt many mag
nolia and v orange Ireos in the city on
Arbor day.. March 3. The planting of
the trees around -the Normal School
square will be, done by high school
boys. •
Trees will also be planted on . the
Alum Rock -road 'and' alonrr oth&V ave
nues leading into San Jose. Last year
about ten thousand trees were planted
on the roadsides. Some of these have
died and they will be replaced. It
Is expected that a large number of
additional trees -will be set out this
year.
Weds the Niece of a Baronet.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 20. — A baronet's
niece, Miss Birdie Bellingham, became
. t ADVERTISEMENTS. .
MISS nOIiOTHY CLARK, 080 Garfleld Boulevard, Chicago, llO ,' , MISS LCCT 1UT,
■ 9130 CrenihstT St., ; ,v Age 4 Year*. s 6036 Fnmttlllo At*,
CHICAGO. / • %&>'< ■' CHICAGO."
LITTLE FRANCES MARIE KM0WLT0N
frhosse photograph appear* herewith has a most beautiful head of golden hair, thicker than the crown of glory of. most
maturo women. Frances is only four yean old, and her hair hangs within 12 inches of the floor. The extraordinary hair
strengthening qualities of Dandorino has grown for this little girl the most admirable head of hair ever possessed by
a child of her age in the world. The other two ladies whose photographs are shown here are certainly delirfxted with the
results they are getting. Neither of them having hair that would reach to their waists before beginning the use of Danderinc
IT IS POSITIVE AND PERMANENT IN ITS RESULTS*
When applied to the scalp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and grow thick, long and beautiful, and thera
ia no waiting around for weeks and months to see results, either. Any druggist will refund the price if it does not ac-
complish every result we claim. NOW at all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 .ceuta'and $1 .00 per bottle.
CDCE To show how quickly DandeHn* acts we will send a large *anr< a f ree by return matf to aoy one who tends this xitrerdsemeat to do
m Wmtmtm Knowltoa Danderina Co., Chicago, with their name and adartss and 10 cents In silver or stamps to fay posta.e. .
b\)K SALKAND GUAHAXTEEI> BY
REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Aeerits.
the bride of A. C. Page, an Oakland
real estate man. here yesterday. The
marriage occurred at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. W. P. Jones on South Sixth
street. The bride is the daughter of
the late Captain . Bellingham and a
nleco of Sir Allen Henry Bellingham
of County Louth, Ireland. She is ac
complished and pretty and has a host
of friends in this city. Mr. Page is a
young business man of Oakland and
is connected with the Laymance Real
Estate Company. #
Th« great port of Hamburg:, accord-
Ing to the last annual resort, received
ships with a registered tonnage ag
gregating 8,689.000 tons and but one
vessel bearing the American flag en
tered during the year.
2930
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Russian X antes.
• By Jerome B. Landfleld. I'niveraity of Cali-
fornia.)
The most puzzling feature about the
present war in the Far East would ap
pear to be the difficulty of spelling sAid
pronouncing the Russian names. The
list of the vessels engaged in the naval
battle at Port Arthur, as contained In
Viceroy Alexeiev's official report, looks
like a mass of ingenious typographical
errors, or the disastrous mixup of a
runaway linotype. As a matter of fact,
however, the difficulty which Russian
names present to the American reader
is greatly enhanced by the fact that
most of them, in the forms in which
we see them, do not come to us directly
from the Russians, but suffer from a
passage through the French or the
German before reaching us, and most
of the names involved in reports of the
present war are the wild guesses of the
conVfpondents, who for the most part
are acquainted with no language save
their own.
Russian names are at best by no
means simple, because the Russian
makes fine distinctions of sound which
arc scarcely perceptible to the ears of
Americans: but there is no reason why
they should be still further compli
cated by the grotesque spelling which
French and German writers employ in
order to imitate in th«ir own languages
the Russian sound. As a matter of fact
the words which flow from the facile
tongued subjects of the Tsar find a
simpler and truer representation in
our own forms of spelling: than in
either of the other languages men
tioned.
It is out of the question to attempt
here to give the Russian characters
and their English equivalent, but it is
entirely possible to sketch the lines of
a simple, natural and uniform system
of transliteration which, by a compari
son of the French and German forms
frequently met with, will enable the
casual reader to recognize Russian
names under their various forms, their
correct spelling and their approximate
pronunciation. Some words, to be sure,
have become conventional in a form
which does not correspond at all to
the Russian spelling or pronunciation
and these can very well be left alone.
■"Moscow." for example, the Russians
spell and pronounce "Moskva." The
name of the Viceroy nc-w in charge of
Russian affairs in the Far East is cor
rectly spelled "Alexeiev," but we are
already so familiar with the popular
form "Alexieff" that it is probably best
not to tamper with It. On the other
hand, if you notice that a writer upon
Russian affairs calls the autocrat of
all tfte Russias "Czar" instead of
"Tsar" you can make up yc-ur mind
that he is ignorant of the Russian lan
guage arid gets his information at secJ
ond hand.
It is possible without any reference
10 the Russian characters, but simply
by a comparison of French and Ger
man forms, to formulate a useful and
fairly simple If not complete system
of transliteration and pronunciation.
As to accent, the majority of Russian
names, especially tlibse ending in 'jov,"
"ski" and "vlch," take the stress upon
the next to the last syllable, as. for
example, "Romanov," "Alexeiev," "Ma
karov" and "Turgenev." The ending
"vich" means "son of," and "ski" is
simply an adjective ending similar to
the German "isch." One of the difficul
ties of Russian proper names will be
simplified if it is borne in mind that
the Russian always has three names—
first, his given name; second, the given
name of his father with "vich" at the
end of it. and third, his family or sur
name. Sc, for example, the name of
the present Tsar is Nikolai Alexandro
vich Romanov, or Nicholas Romanov,
son of Alexander Romanov.
For a system of transliteration it
v.-ill, perhaps, be simplest to mention
various English letters or combinations
of letters and the French and German
forms which should be replaced by
them. The changes chiefly to be ob
served are as follows:
"Ch" should always replace the Ger
man "tscb" and the French "tch," as
Gorchakov.
"G" is always hard; where the French
am obliged to write "gu" on this ac
count they should noi. be copied, as
Turgenev.
For "kh" German writers use "ch,"
which is much too guttural to represent
correctly the Russian, writing Astra
chan for Astrakhan.
**S" and *"z" have their, exact equiv
alents in Russian, but German and
French scholars frequently use "s" for
,the latter and "es" for the former, writ
ing Wassili for Vasili, and Rasumowskl
or RasoumoffEky for Razumovskl.
"Sh" should be used for the German
"sen" and the French "ch." as Dash-
For "ts" the Germans write "z."
•V" correctly transliterates the third
letter of the. Russian alphabet, which
French and German writers have vari
ously represented by "w" and "ff," e.
S.. Vorontsov. To be sure "ff" at the
end of a word more correctly approx
imates the Russian pronunciation, but
for the sake of uniformity it is much
better to use "v" in all cases, and this
ueage has been adopted by the authori
ties of the British Museum. The Rus
sian character for this letter is."B,"
and to this was due the mistake by
which Sevastopol was formerly writ
ten Sebastopol. ,'■ $
"Zh" should be used where the
French use "J." so Nizhni Novgorod.
The vowel* "e" and "i" must be re
tained as iu French and German with
their continental pronunciation (e— a
and i — e); but "I" (German "J" and
French "y" in some cases) standing be
fore a vowel has its force as a conso
nant. In Russian these combinations
are expressed by single characters and
we take our translation from tile Pol
ish: thus Dieblch has two syftbbles and
Paskievich has three. "Y," however,
may be used at the beginning of a
word instead of "I." as in Yermolov.
For "u," pronounced "00" when not
preceded by "i," the French use "ou,"
writing Zouboft for Zubov.
Perhaps the most confusing Russian
names in connection with the conflict
in the Orient are those of the vessels
of the Russian fleet. I These are, to be
sure. In many cases long and difficult,
but a number of them can be simplified
by applying the above rules. The nanies
given the Russian battleships and
cruisers are usually taken from Rus
sian history and mythology, while the
names applied to torpedo-boats and
torpedo-boat destroyers express quali
ties and remind one of the names of
the many English war vesssls.
It may not be amiss* to mention the
English equivalents of the names of
some of the vessels which occur in the
dispatches concerning events In the
Far East. Among these, for example,
are the "Cesarevitch," which means
"Son of the Tsar," or "Crown Prince";
the "Bolarin," or "Boyar," the title of
the Russian noble in early times;
"Pobieda," or "Victory"; the "Petro
pavlovsk" and the "Sevastopol," named
after two .Russian cities;' the "Per
esviet," or "Around-the-World"; the
•"Variag." or "Varangian"; and the
"Askold," named after the legendary
founder of .Kiev. Among the torpedo
boats and destroyers are to be noted
such names as "Vnimatelni," or "At
tentive"; "Bezstrashni," or "Fear
less"; the "Vnushltelni," or "In
spiring"; the "Rasyashchl," or the
"Elucldator"; the "Silni," or the
"Strong"; "Grozovoi," the "Thunder
er"; the "Serditi," or the "Angry"; the
"Steregushchi," or "Picket," and the
"Smieli." or the "Bold."
It is hardly to be expected that the
average reader will pronounce correctly
the difficult combinations of letters and
sound which the Russians employ, for
there is no royal road to the learning of
the "Russian language, but the above
suggestions and explanations may be
of some assistance to him. And where
these fail to help, one can only add to
the advice which the distinguished
English diplomat gave to. his secretary
when he said "If you wish to pronounce
a Russian name, sneeze twice and say
•ski: 1 "
Land 0' Storks.
The Dutch and the leadin? natives
in Java are of the opinion that the
population is increasing too rapidly
for the good of the island. The census,
taken every five years, has long shown
an increase of over 2,000,000 for each
census oeriod, and the rate of growth
has constantly accelerated. The in
crease of population from the census
of 1895 to that of 1900 was over
3,000,000. Java is only a little larger
than New York State and the central
regions are too mountainous for a very
dense population. The fact that the
last census showed a total population
of 28,745.698 indicates a frightful con
gestitm of humanity over all the coastal
and interior plains and valleys. The
density of population is 568 persons for
every so/uare mile of surface, which is
greater than in any province of China,
excepting In Shantung. If France had
the same density of population its in
habitants would number 120,000,000; the
United States at the same rate would
have 1,688,000,000 inhabitants, which is
about 100,000,000 more than the esti
mated population of the world. Such
packing of humanity as this at least
illustrates the fact that when every
acre of tillable land is stimulated to its
highest productivity it will give sus
tenance to several times the number of
persons who are now supplied with food
from an acre of land in most countries.
The Javanese are still able to raise all
their raw food and to export the pro
ducts of their plantations and forests to
the amount of millions of dollars a
year. But they are already talking
about a time to come when they will
no longer be able to produce on their
island all the food they require.
AVft» York "Xczcsics."
After he N has sold out to the morn
ing crowds going to their daily work,
as they leave the street cars, ferries
and bridge and pour into the down
town streets, the night newsboy goeB
to bed. It is estimated that there are
between 15,000 and 20,000 , boys who
sell newspapers in the streets of New
York. Hundreds, of these have no
homes in > the ' city. - They have run
away from parents in other cities, or
their parents are dead, or- frequently
these boys of the street are the chil
dre« of irresponsible or criminal men
and women. So the night newsboy
when his work is. done goes to some
lodging-house on or near the Bowery
not far from Newspaper Row and gets
a bed for a dime or 15 cents. And he
sleeps in the lodging-house until af
ternoon. Then he goes out into the
streets again, taking a bite at "one of
the many cheap restaurants which
newsboys frequent; and pretty soon
his hoarse and resonant "fog-horn"
voice is telling again the startling tales
of a dav in the world.
The "real" newsboy works at night
because he can make more money
then. A "kid" told me that he made
$3 50, in one night; and that was his
record, his earnings being smaller usu
ally than a dollar. The boys who have
homes and parents and who . attend
school sell their papers in the day r
time and these boys are under a reg
ulation which has recently been en
forced by the co-operation of « the
school and municipal governmenCs.
The schoolboy who wants to sell pa
pers must take a certificate from the
principal of his school to the Board
of Health* and the latter gives him a
badge.—Leslie's .Weekly.
Two thousand -automobile chairs,
with seats for two persons, will be for
hire, with or without chauffeur in the
World's Fair grounds at St. Louis.
THE .SAX FRANCISCO CALL, ..-SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 190,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D.' SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... %• .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication OOice <^^^^^ > ••" Third and Market Streets. S. F.
SUNDAY '...;. .-. ;.'.... FEBRUARY 21. 1904
OAKLAND RESPONDS. .
THE CALL has been very earnest in urging the
cities of Northern California to use the climate to
their advantage, by planting palms at street trees,
instead of using elms, ash, sycamore and other decidu
cus trees. It goes without saying that trees which cast
a shade are not desirable. The evergreens, like
cypress and acacias, have that fault and their lateral
roots interfere with the sidewalks. But the palms have
a tap root, do not throw out laterals and do not make a
thick shade. The palm is always and everywhere a tropi
cal feature in the landscape, and no other plant excels it
for indoor decoration.
The hotels in this city that have the space required
use boxed or potted palms with splendid effect, for dec
oration. If they adopted the idea held by some who are
insensible to climatic advantages, they would put in de
ciduous trees, to lift their bare. branches before. the eyes
of Eastern tourists. If palms are used only indoors
and deciduous trees are put on the streets, the impres
sion made upon travelers is that palms grow here only
indoors. This docs rank injustice to California. If we
are to use only the trees that are bare of foliage for half
the .year, we might as well all wear wool caps with ear
flaps, put on arctic overshoes and thrummed mittens and
assume the same wintry aspect as people who live in the
zero-minus belt.
We have endeavored to enforce the utility of palms in
all our cities where street planting is possible. They
may be used elsewhere with" fine advantage. Our Cali
fornia railroads spend a large amount of money in pub
lishing magazines and in other means of advertising the
State. If they would spend some in planting palms on
both sides of the tracks, using the date and fan varieties,
they would get the most satisfactory results. Imagine
the effect upon Eastern travelers at this season, if -they
could ride through a splendid palm avenue upon enter
ing California, after a journey of 2000 miles through
frost and snow and bleak winter. In some parts ■ of
Southern Europe, not favored as much by Climate as we
?.re, the railroads have roses planted along their tracks,
which in. their season of bloom make a charming im
pression upon passengers. Our roads can have the roses
loo, but they should use the palms as well. The Out
door League of California is interested in this subject
and can do a great work for the State by preaqhing the
gospel of the palm for streets. •
The attention that we have given to the. matter has
stirred a responsive chord in Oakland. The Real Es
tate Association of that city* has passed resolutions de
precating the use of deciduous trees on the streets, on
the ground of the litter made by the fallen leaves, the
interference of the lateral roots with sidewalks and
sewers, and the wintry aspect of the bare branches in the
.season when the most Eastern visitors come here. Now,
real estate men are sometimes considered to be the s*ns
of Belial, but those of Oakland enroll themselves among
the children of light, by showing the desire to beautify,
their city by making the best,use of its splendid situa
tion and clement climate. They resolve in favor of the
palm, and we strike palms with them with sincere pleas
ure. They are promoting the construction of a scenic
boulevard in the mountains, leading to the highway tun
nel which connects their city with the rich valleys of
Contra Costa County.
They know the value of an appeal to the eye, and ap
preciate the importance of garniture when it comes to
selling real estate. In fact, they are important allies of
the Outdoor League. It seems, by the text of their
resolutions, that the City Council has become deciduous
and proposes to make the town melancholy during the
winter months by lining its streets with elms and ma
ples, and they pray the city government to retreat from
this position and take refuge under the palm. Their
action is part of the great awakening that has been
caused by the appeals of The Call. In California north
of the Tehachapi we have been a matter-of-fact folk,
going at a jog trot, content with our mines and mills,
our orchards and vineyards, and looking upon the
adornment of our ranch house surroundings and the' or-
namentation of our cities as a rather secondary matter,
not having' in it dollars and cents. But now we are
learning that climate is an asset, out of which we get
dividends not only in crops and manufactures, but also
in using it for the purposes of ornamentation in outdoor
beauty, to catch the eye, allure the fancy and open the
purse of visitors and investors. The people of Clovcr
dalc are doing this with their citrus fair. If they were-of
the deciduous school, they would avoid showing the
orange, lemon, pomelo and olive, and instead would
invite the Eastern tourist to view an exhibit* of corn and
wheat and oats, turnips, beets, the pungent onion and
well-baled hay, pickled and hams. We may well
go to Cloverdalers, study 1 their ways and be wise.
McKowen must serve four years and nine months' im
prisonment in the State's penitentiary for a theft of
fifty thousand dollars of public funds. The majesty of the
law in California is easily appeased." McKowen has
hardly been given time enough in which seriously to re*
fleet upon his crime. Many ; men in the world, other
wise honestly intentioned, would be tempted to earn
the same sum of money in the same way under any con
dition except disgrace. '
LET THE v SPARROW FALL.
THE mistaken importation of the English sparrow
•into this country .has produced evils- that were not
foreseen. The bird was originally brought with
the expectation that it would prey upon the insects which
attack our trees. This was done in ignorance. All
insect feeding birds Jiave "long, slim and pointed beaks.
The seed eaters have the short pyramidal beak. The
English sparrow advertises itself as jof the latter class.
Professor Dychc, an Arctic explorer and naturalist;
who lives in Lawrence, Kansas, has been studying this
bird in that locality. He, finds that it is spreading into
the country, and everywhere drives away the birds of
song" that feed on insects. It is becoming a, fruitVeater;
and mixes its diet by attacking field crops also. Profes
sor Dyche says that he ha'd to plant a field of. turnips
three times, before he got a stand. The sparrows
scratched out the see.d and consumed them, takihg'Teven
the sprouted" plants, when they" had developed : two
leaves. They attack fruits, spoiling more than they
consume, by pecking 'it, and by knocking off a great deal
of ; it.-' ■ •>- .-'' '. ' ■■ ■'- '<:■■: :->y :^s •
These findings against this noxious immigrant -are of
impo'rtance to California. The sparrow returns nothing
to the fruit grower for his board and lodging, for he
eats none of the predatory insects. A robin and black
bird, will take a little fruit desser\, but they earn it by
making their main meal on moths, larva and insects that
injure the orchardist. On the other hand," the sparrow
dines on field *seeds and tops off on fruit, and makes
iqo return by destroying insectPor by a song.
. Within the last -two years the English sparrows in
California have discovered that figs are. good to eat.
Many instances are^known in which they have destroyed
the whole crop in an orchard. They find the seeds and
pulp to be just what they require, and as fast as the
fruit ripens they peck into it and destroy it. It seems
like fighting the sands of the sea, or the motes that
shimmer in the sunbeams, to fight the myriads of these
undesirable birds, but we have no doubt that unless,
something is done to reduce their numbers they will
be found a> formidable, pest in the orchards. We have
just begun the shipment of Smyrna figs. Last year our
export amounted to 680 tons, and California will soon
supply the American market with the best variety of
dried figs. But if the sparrows continue to spread from
the towns into the country, -the. Smyrna fig orchards will
Se in danger. . . ;
One efficient means of fighting them is by destruction
of their nests and eggs. They are as keen witted as
they are destructive, and soon retreat from any place
where their nests are disturbed. In the cities they have
met that sort of campaign and that is probably one
reason why they are going into the country, where the
facilities for nesting are better and they can brood un
disturbed. The horticulturists of this State should take
measures to meet this invasion, and if necessary public
authority should be invoked to secure the extermination,
of this scolding, chattering pest. The birds may easily
become in this country the equal of the rabbits of Aus
tralia as destroyers and require equal attention to their
destruction.
It is noted that as they retire from towns the robin.'
grackle. and, oriole return and take up the campaign
against destructive insects, with benefit to the shade' and
fruit trees. We are not aware that the sparrow is a
nuisance where it is a native, in England. But here .it
is an immigrant ungrateful for its asylum in the land of
the free.
England/ inspired by that keen sense of precaution
that distinguishes her when she sees herself drifting
into trouble and wants others to share her burden of
consequences, is scouring through Europe for friends
who do - not like Russia/ Thus far in her search
Britannia has discovered the chilling fact that all of
those that do , not like Russia have an equally emphatic
dislike of England.
EMOTIONAL INSANITY.
W- E believe the first plea of emotional insanity in
a court in this country, in a case of homicide,
was made for the benefit of Daniel E. Sickles
after the shooting of Key. Its advantages were at once
seen by practitioners of criminal law, and we have built
up an elaborate system of inquiry into the mental state
of, ancestors,- near and remote, of persons accused of
murder. In a majority of such cases the plea of in
sanity is entered and experts and family history are used
by the defense. In Europe this plea is not as common
as it is here. 1 ' When a man kills another there, unless'he
is' actually in; a madhouse at the time, it is concluded
that he 'was morally/responsible for -his act, and homi
cide gets whatever restraint there is in prompt punish
ment.' Perhaps this has something to do. with the in
crease of murder in this country, and it would seem as
if the' legal profession ought to consider its responsi
bility in the matter, and that legislatures and courts
should' apply the brakes, and permit a little more hang
ing in proportion to the amount of murder.
/In a noted case some testimony, was offered that- is a
rare contribution to medical jurisprudence. A medical
expert 1 testified that the accused came to him for an
operation for appendicitis, and upon the statement vof
the patient only he operated and found no indication of
that disease, as his vermiform appendix was the picture
of health. This testimony was held to be evidence that
the man was insane. If there can be fun in such a grew
somc affair as' a murder case, this is funny. The doctor
depended upon the patient's diagnosis of his case and
trustfully explored his interior with the knife, not on bis
owh judgment as a doctor and surgeon, but on the non
professional statement of the explored individual.
Things are reciprocal. If that doctor, should have the
misfortune in hot or cold blood to kill some one, unpro
fessionally, his attorney could plead insanity and offer
this incident in proof of it, arguing that no sane physi :
cian would resort to laparotpmy on a patient's mere say
so, without satisfying himself that disease existed war
ranting that extreme resort to the knife. To accept such
expert testimony is to open the way to immunity from
punishment for murder, since an intending murderer, will
only need to have himself operated on for a disease that
does. not exist to establish his insanity, and then can
bring down his enemy with a pot shot and throw him
self with confidence upon the mercy of the experts.
We believe that here, as in Europe, the rope will prove
quite an exterminator of emotional insanity.
"If- they send- us to the bottom say a good word for
us." What cry of patriot and hero could be more.elo
quent than that, uttered by the commander of a Rus
sian cruiser .'-who \vent v bravely out'at Chemurpo to fight
against, overwhelming odds anTf went down" to death
in the sea with his expiring ship? The sailors of other
nations cheered him on his way and the world applauds
him for. his heroism and his devotion .to duty.
In his* defense against a serious accusation in connec
tion with alleged postal frauds \. United States Senator
Burton of Kansas declares thht he accepted a certain
sum ~qf money as a fee of an attorney, not as a bribe for
a Federal Senator. If a jury should get his dual capac
ity muddled and punish him as fa Senator, forgetting him
asan attorney, wouldn't he h£ve himself to blame for
trying to be too much? i
..'■ America' is now theV happy' possessor, by purchase 'of
a -Greek chariot long'hcld sacrtd in. Italy as one of the
greatest of its v of ancient, civilization. Our smile
of triumphs is suspended; in agitated doubt,; however, un
til ' we* have ; positive -' assurance' that' J." Pierpont Morgan
had'notliing to do in the buying. \Ve do not take to the
antique' gold, brick with any more grace than we ■ dd^to
the 'modern 'specimen. ! ."'.*" ' •
'. Judging frdm, the: acrimony^ with! which political par
ties in the leading countries of Euro, e are using the
Japanese-Russian ; war as '.: a T weapon with which to as
sault" the domestic; policy^ of their opponents,, one . is. led
to .suspect" that for 1 these nations the 'Eastern row, has
almost the serious aspect of internal trouble, litfost' ■ of
Europe appears to be secretly fighting Russia over the
shoulders. of Japar ■■-;.*; ''. ■' . ■
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The. Meanest Man.
"Heretofore the man regarded as
the meanest in the world," said a
member of the Press Club, "was a
man who buttoned his collar to a wen
on the back of his neck to save buy
ing a collar button. But he is so no
longer. The meanest man is in San
Francisco. I had occasion recently to
ipvite him to dine with me at a down
town restaurant. We happened to get
a little French waiter who had pre
viously waited § n me and who had
been so over-zealous to earn a tip that
he had .not permitted me to eat in
peace. I mentioned the incident to
my guest, who said he would cure the
garcon.
The latter recognized me., and a
prospective tip at the same moment
and began over-earning his money.
I noticed my guest quietly put a quar
ter- alongside of his plate, just in
sight but not far enough out to jus
tify its being taken. The waiter saw
the bait and began to speed up. As
the dinner progressed the quarter was
replaced with fifty cents. The garcon
saw it and renewed his efforts to
please. The guest smiled benignantly
on the biscuit mercury and later re
placed the half with a dollar. Then
extras from the kitchen began coming
our way and we were all but swamped
■with attention. Finally the black cof
fee arrived and as it was being drunk
my guest reached over, took up the
dollar, and calmly putting in itV place
a nickel, walked out. The waiter
stood aghast and speechless while I,
hesitating to spoil my brutal guest's
joke,' paid the bill at the counter and
followed him to the street."
Cable's Enterprise.
Judge Melvin of Oakland is author
ity for a story illustrating the irre
pressible wit of the late Bill Nye. The
Judge was one of a committee of-citi
zens who went across the bay to meet
and welcome the humorist upon his
last visit to this city, which occurred
shortly before his death. As the" party
were returning with their Illustrious
guest, seated upon the upper;deck of
the ferry-boat, they passed the im
mense round sign upon Goat Island
bearing the single word "Cable," in
tended to denote the location of the
cable crossing. >»ye happened to look
toward the sign and immediately said
with inimitable dryness: "Well! It
beats everything what means . these
Southern novelists take to advertise
themselves!"
Tzvo Singers.
A poet wrote a wondrous song.
So liquid-like it flowed along
From brain to pen refined; •
The bard a scholar was and rare..
Who smoothed each thought, In utmost
care,
And. made his lines as softly fair
As sighs of Elysian wind: . »
Yet lived they only, on the page; j
They held no cry, nor moan, nor rage,
Nor grip of human kind. . ■ ' ■
A singer made a rough-garbed song
Thit pulsed with life, and throbbed
among
The working, heart-stirred crowd;
'Twas wild and sweet, yet tinged with
pain;
It mouthed the sorrows, loss and gain.
Of harassed souls-who strive in vain
To 'scape life's awful cloud;
It spoke the woes of fate-crushed men;
It breathed of>tlmes when joy again
Would lighten hearts care-bowed.
New years went by; great changes came;
The poet fine was lost to fame.
And e'en his memory cold:
His works lay molderjng. all unread;
Save by the few who prize the dead.
And starve the bard who asks for bread;
But o'er the land that bold
True song of rude-tongued bard was
sung;
It seemed as though to Time it clung
And ne'er would lose its hold.
— J. E. Patterson in London News.
A Record Break.
Not since Hugo's famous Thenardier,
leader of the rogues in "Les Miser
ables," has * there been such a remark
able prison breaker as that de
scribed by the Matin. Says this paper:
"Extraordinary Ingenuity was shown
by a burglar named Vandenwegaete,
who/ escaped recently from the under
ground condemned cell In „ Lille jail,
in the north of France, where he had
been specially confined on account of
his notorious cunning and his open
boast that he would find. a way out
before long. ?./
"The cell is furnished with a single
massive door oprfiiripr on a corridor
at the end of which is another door,
provided with a 'safety lock.' One
evening the prisoner was locked up for
the night; the next morning his cell
was empty. The .bird had flown, and
two false keys made of tin found out
side the door. of the corridor told their
own tale*
"A search, in the cell has enabled the
prison officials to piece together the his
tory of this daring deed. « With part of
the. bread supplied to him Vandenwe
gaete took the. impression of "the locli
of hjs cell. y : With Some' more • bread he
made a mold, In -which he cast a key
out of a' fin cup, the "metal being melteti
on ; his : stove." ,
"Thesame night] he opened his door,
took a bread crUmb' impression" of the
corridor lock, made another key and
soon found hrtmself outside the corridor.
From a cupboard he abstracted a sheet
and a broom handle, which he tied to
gether and made his way into the
prison yard, which is surrounded • by a
wall, topped with broken glass.
"Fixing the broom handle between
two bottle ends he threw the" knotted
sheet over the .wall and slid: down It
into the street. His hextmove was to
break intoaf house, .and 'exchange hi j
prison costume fdr ordinary attirp; For
the present all. trace of : this resourceful
criminal' has been lost." '■'■' ',' .' -
Education in Sivcdcnl
Sweden seldom attracts ttie attention
of the average. Americani teacher, al
though in -matters .educational it has
many lessons for educators throughout
the world. The' standard * of ; popular
education in Sweden, has been steadily
rising from the time of- the
tlon ; and the . indications point to even
greater, efficiency ahead. It should be
noted, that a large preponderartce • of
the kingdom has of a' rural
character and", public education has
been- adapted 'most' closely .to', a tricul-
tural needs. The first beginnings of
the national school system were mada
In 16S6. In that year a law was enact
ed to insure for all children a sound re
ligious education, so far as reading and
knowledge of the Lutheran catchlsm
were concerned. In 1842 the national
compulsory law of education was intro
duced. Modifying acts have appeared
since, but the present system comes
from that date. As a result of Its ex
cellence, practically every one in tha
country can read* and write.
Laze of "Ancient Lights." I
Englishmen, at least the more pro
gressive among them, are finally awak
ening to the absurdity of an old law
which establishes what are known as
"ancient lights." Under this law win
dows which have been in existence for
nineteen years or more cannot be de
prived of light by the construction of
neighboring buildings without du&
compensation having been made to th»
owner. In other word3, an owner of
land cannot erect a building which will
shut In a^ny of the windows of neigh
boring buildings, providing the latter
have been in existence for nineteen or
more years, without making himself
liable to extensive damages. Moreover,
the damaged owner can prevent the
erection of any such building which
will take away his light if he wishes to
do so. The light, by virtue of the time
he has enjoyed it, has become a part
of his property. Efforts are now being
made to have this relic of past ages
repealed. It is this more than any
thing else that has prevented the erec
tion of high buildings in London.
Answers to Queues.
ERNE-McGOVERN-A. O. P.. City.
Frank Erne was defeated by Terry
McGovern in three rounds, New York,
July 16, 1000.
TAMALPAIS— Citizen. City. The
Weather Bureau on ton of Mount Ta
malpais is/ at an elevation of 2373 feet.
The elevation of the west peak is 2601.
middle peak 2520 and the east peak 2592.
SUMMER FOGS— A. O. S.. City. The
summer fogs of San Francisco result
from a chilling of the upper 1varm air.
descending to the ocean surface, and
particularly the cold current close to
the shore.
POLICE PENSION—A. E. W.. City.
Undf.* the provisions of the charter the
San Francisco Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners must meet on the
first Monday In January. April, July
and October, and upon the call of the
president.
SAN FRANCISCO WEATHER—Sub
scriber, Oakland, Cal. The mean an
nual temperature of San Francisco as
determined from the records of the
Weather Bureau for twenty-eight years
is 56 degrees: May and November have
practically the same temperature. The
warmest month Is September, 60; the
coldest January, 50. The mean temper
ature of the other months is: February
52, March 54, April 55, May 57, June 59.
July 58, August 59, September 60. Octo
ber 60, November 56 and December 52.
The highest temperature ever recorded
was 100 degrees, June 29, 1891, and the
lowest 29, on January 15. 1S88.
MASTER ELECTRICIAN—Subscri
ber, City. The following from a recent
order from the War Department, U.
S. A., is a complete answer to your
question as to master electrician in the
United States army and electrician ser
geant: A master electrician is an en
listed man in the United States army.
His pay is $75 per month, with the same
allowances as an electrician sergeant.
His duties are similar to those of an
electrician sergeant, though of a higher
nature, and his station will be at the
mere Important posts. Applicants from
civil life for appointment as master
electrician must be under 33 years of
age and unmarried. They will apply
direct In writing to the commandant of
the School of Submarine Defense, Fort
Totten,' New York, for examination.
Their applications must be accompanied
by '"certificates, from responsible parties
showing that the applicant has received
a thorough course of study, embracing
mathematics to include geometry and
trigonometry, physics, electricity and
mechanical drawing, and three years of
practical training in the use and care
of steam and oil engines, of machine.?
and machinists* tools, and of electrical
appliances and apparatus, and also
that his moral character is good. Thcj*
certificates should preferably b£ from
principals of schools and former em
ployers and should clearly show the
amount and scope of theoretical in
struction the applicant has received,
his practical experience and skill in
Work of the kind .designated and hi3
habits of industry and sobriety. Upon
receipt of an application from a civilian,
accompanied by satisfactory certifi
cates, the applicant will be directed to
rVport at hts-own expense to the com
manding officer of'tha nearest military
pest for physical and preliminary men
tar examination. The pay of an elec
trician sergeant la $34 per month, with
the usual allowance of an enlisted man
for rations, clothing, quarters, medical
attendance, otc.
* Special information supplied daily, to
butiness houses and public men by th»
Pr«ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). IZi Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mam tOC •
Townseod's California stace (rult» and
candles. 60c k. pound, in artistic Br*>
etched boxes., A nice present for Eastern
friend* 715 Market st. above Call bids. •REQUIRE MONEY
FOR WHINE SHOW
"Those Enjjajjcd i n preparing
" St-itc Vitivultural Exhibit
(or .St. Louis Ask for Coin
ROLL OF THE SrBSCRlKERS
Nome OinTal Idea of Plans
Is . . Com in u ni cat iul to Inter
ested Persons by Circular
The .vjticultural committee of joint
exhibitors at St. Louis has sent out a
circular letter which contains much of
general interest. The management of
the St. Louis Exposition gave to Cali
fornia the right to make the special
wine exhibit for the Tnited States on
exactly the same terms ks the tobacco,
cotton and other large individual in
' tprests are given opportunity to have
special shows in the great agricultural
bnilding.
K. A. Haber Is the viticultural man
a«rer for the California wine exhibit to
be made, and his name, together with
those of J. A. Filcher, Charles Bund-
Bchu, P. C. Rossi and C. EL Bowen. is
signed to the circular letter. The
need of more money than has been
collected for the exhibit, so says
Manager Haber, Is pressing and It is
to be urged upon the wine growers
that they have- a auty to perform in
the direction of giving financial sup
port. The exhibit will cost from $5000
to J6000. Relatively a small part of
the needed coin has been raised to
<?ate.
\ In the circular letter It is set forth
that the exhibit of California wines at
SL Louis will be artistic and novel.
There will be seventy-two spaces for
exhibits and ten cases of wines or
brandies are needed for each exhibit.
All wines entered for competition must
'V» packed in separate cases and sten
ciled with the word "jury." At least
three bottles of each variety that is
:r;ror.ded to be submitted to the jury
"« ill be required. All exhibits will be
tinJform. In part the circular letter
sent out is as follows:
. Preparations for the Jatr.t California vlticul
turaJ exhibit at Pt. !»«{» are progressing fav
•■rs.b!y. l.ut more miney is needed to carry
tbEOtafb «rjcce*(«fu!ly the rplendid display as
. <^jti!n«<l and ador>tcd by tfre committee.
It now refta with t*^o*<? interested in our
industry to- make the -California wine exhibit
t^.e «ucr«ss i: ought to be. ar.d fhow to the
w^rld that Cal!fi>rnia is the "'home of the
Prtpe." and m that Its future production of
w:r.es ar.ii hrandiff «s unlimited.
Th«» comrr.tsFiorrrs are dc.lr.ff their part an.l
your eonimlupe. del»sat<<1 to afsirt them, has
j:«dj:rd financial jiKistajice nec*-stary fcr suc
cessful res-Ji-.K. A number of wine men have
[ain*dy liberally rT^pon<5»4. Owing to th«» lim
ited crat? ai.nrcpriaticn and the demand on
the cr.rnrr.Lssicn frcm ether Industrie* our
sl.ATe cf raid appropriation will be Inadequate
to raiment California wines ani bran<li« as
they should be rfnrpyent^d. and a t>har^ of
th» burdrn of the expense, ther^fcre. must be
bom* by the wine m*n. and your committee
l-cV» to you for renT«u« financial aid. It
*h<Hi]J not be DecOMVJT or f-y^ntial that you
eha!l be an exhibitor or eomr>etitor fcr awards •
10 cftUct vour Interests or your aid. Rem«*m-'
"i-r th» rrofirf-rity and expansion of the Cali
fornia wine trade raear.s the tdvancement of
yoat ir,!ti«»u and that of our Stat«»; there
fore. Oaa't lilac* tr-> burden of this represen
toyvi «>n the fijou!d<>r*= el a f»w; J*>t all Join
hjLn<!> in one erund effort to demonstrate to
our -%rorU comoetltcrs that "Califrnla yitlcul
•v.rr.'-: is W3ji>y <"f r-<-rsnitlon and that the
vrirfJurtu < f cur Uolden State have no oom
;<»•.::• rs in tbeir aspirations for superiority
e.monc our American wtnfs and brandies.
Mr. Haber reports that those that
hare contributed to the exposition
funfl for the California trine, show,
•with the amounts subscribed, are as J
follows:
■'California Wine Association. J2T.0; A. Uep
fold & Co.. $100: Ound'.ach. Bundschu Cora
karry. $1OO; OScfaffitnc & Co.. $75: Uandsber
-•.--.-_:. yy Italian Vineyard Company of
U» Ar.ffeles. J75; \\>tniorp. Eowen & Co..
$!«>:• La ci>m»n & Jaobi. 5100; Schlessinirer &
ISrv.deT. S1OO; Frr-nch-Anvricen Vine Com-
I*r;y. *75; Jacob Rudel of San Gabriel. $23;
Th*o Gltr Corr.par.r, $l(x»; William HoHsher
&-Co.. $100; Rc*enMatt Company, $75; Italian-
En:?* Colcny. SliO; P. C. Ro*yJ. $50; Chauche
& "Ron. $73; H. J. Wollacott of -Los Angela.
$50: tbe : '■*: : : Werner Company, $100; the
i::inri* Pacific Gla£« Ccmjjar.y, $50; C. N. I
lIS.fcn & Co..' $1O<); the Xatia and Sonoma
Company. $1»JO; the E. G. Lynns- Raas Com
pany and the E. G. Ljxn* Company, $100;
Goldberg:. Bcwn & Co.. $50; Southern Cali
"fornla Wine Comriany, S75; the Occidental
Supply Company. $2T>; 'William Knarj & Co.,
$2.'.; A. Flnke # « widow, $75: Rnin 4? Chali,
$50; Sierra. Madre Vlntare Company, $75.
Lacks Necessary Certificate.
.The. State Board of Veterinary Ex
cminers has been employing a pri
vate detective to procure evidence
;ags.!nst persons that are practicing
veterinary medicine without a license
Arrj as a result S. Barnett, proprietor
of The collie kennel3 at 115 Haight
rtrc-et. was arrested yesterday by Po
liaeman W. T. Hooper and booked at
tfce Citv Prison on" a warrant sworn
lb-by -W. F. Smith, 1049 Market street.
It is paid that other arrests will be
made. '
Mrs. 3Iahoncy Wants Damages.
Arcadia C. Mahoney. who resides at
2402 Post street, filed a suit for $5025
damages against Solomon Levy and
his wife, Esther, owners of the house,
yesterday. Mrs. Mahoney avers that
.her health has been ruined because
the Levys ordered the water in the
house shut off, thus causing a collec
tion of odors and gases that within
fwo days caused her to become very 1
,sick.
-*;• ADVEBTTSEMEUTS.
S Buaicn pain instantly reUeved— =
S entire bunion permanently removes =
= with tae self-adjusting S
i RscherBuhion 1
1 SHOE FILLER, I
— Fotitivciy i-nr^f buniens. sore toe-Joint*. —
— corrt-cts d>!orineil leet and kee»>s thoe? —
= tn proper thap*?. It l« soft, pliable, com- _
5 lortat'.t. er.d should be bought with a —
S new pair of shot*. —
= $li Pair at All Shoe Dealers. =
= &IZCS VOH Mr.N'S AND WOMEN'S =
— EHOUS.
— s*etfy Write for "The PaMlns of J*tiF~
fy , . ~~"
If your shoe, dealer does not har.d'c the
Filler, be can zet it for you from his Jobber
-. . • . •■ ■ '■
DEMAND FOR UNIMPROVED
LOTS BECOMES STRONGER
Large Tracts in Richmond District, to Be Cut Up in Sub
divisions and Covered With Good Class of Buildings.
Interest in All Parts of San Francisco Remains Active
Great interest is now manifested in
the realty in the Richmond district in
this city. There has not been such a
stir in that section since the first cable
road to reach the park via Point Lo
bos avenue and Fifth avenue sup
planted the antiquated and smoky old
dummy line that used to operate on
First avenue. Many blocks of land
are placed in the hands of brokers to
be subdivided and tha promise' of a
much greater population than the
Richmond section has ever had is
about to be realized unless all signs
are misleading. All other sections of
the city are receiving attention. Rich
mond has hunjj fire to some extent as
compared with what may be stylod
ins'de lands, .but it is now forging
ahead well. J. C. Jordan, owner . of
the Jordan tract, which extends from
California street to Point Lobos ave
nue and from First avenue, for four
blocks eastward, comprising some
eight large blocks of land valued at
about $1,000,000, has decided to sell a
portion of his holdings. Realizing
that the holding intact of this huge
property was to a great extent a hin
drance to the development of this por
tion of the city, and also realizing that
the property was in demand, he
has Just placed In the hands of Lyon
&, Hoag for sale the block bounded by
California, Richmond, Michigan and
Jordan avenues.
Mr. Jordan's instructions to his
agents are to depart from the tradi
tional 2 5 -foot lot idea and to offer the
property in large lots, nearly all of
which are 33 1-3 by 120 feet. It will
also be a condition of sale th;it pur
chasers will not be allowed to erect
on this block any building more than
two stories In height or any building
for other than strictly rosldenti.nl pur
poses (Including two flats), elimina
ting the use of the property for stores,
churches, stables, laundries, etc. The
large lots and the building restric
tions, Jt is confidently expected, will
make the property very desirable and
attractive to home builders. Mr. Jor
dan's ideas are unique, as this is the
only property of its size ever offered
in this city under similar conditions.
Lyon & Hoag report that ho bet
ter proof that the city of San Fran
cisco Is growing and developing
rapidly can be given than is evident
! by the strong demand for. residence
property. Owners of large tracts of
unimproved land ( have been quick to
realize the vast' difference in the de
mands of homeseekers to-day as com
pared with the inquiry for building lots
of the last few years. Ncr more im
portant factor in the development of
the city may be found within the last
year than the subdivision and the of
fering for eale in lots for building pur
poses of the Bay District Land Com
pany's large holdings extending from
First to Sixth avenues and from Ful
ton street to Point. Lobos avenue, an,
area of fourteen full blocks. The de
velopment of the" Parnassus Heights
property along Golden Gate Park and
the sale of over half a million dollars'
worth of vacant property formerly
owned by the Baird estate, between
Page. Haight and "Waller streets. and
Masonic avenue to Cole street, as well
as other smaller properties and the
many buildings erected thereon have
made a most marked change in the
aspect of San Francisco.
The Bay District Land Company has
sold to Fernando Nelson a half of block
379 and a half of block 2S5, each hav
ing a frontage of 600 feet on Se"cand
avenue and 120 feet on A. B and C
streets, for $80,000. These half blocks
will be at once subdivided and sold in
wide lots to be covered with houses.
The Bay District Land Company has
also sold the block bounded by Third
and Fourth avenues and A and B
streets to G. T. Knopf, who will sub
divide and build good houses on the
lots.
SELL FINE RESIDENCE.
A sale of importance in residence
property has Just been closed by R. D.
Cranston & Sons. It consists of the
residence on the southeast corner of
Buchanan and Page streets and lot
137:6x100 feet. The house was designed
by Clinton Day. It. contains about
twenty rooms, all finished in chosen
hard woods. It has been justly con
sidered the handsomest dwelling in the
southern portion of the "Western Ad
dition. The sellers are P. B. and Bruce
Cornwall.
Parnassus Heights and the Sunset
District are building, up rapidly .and
new homes are being erected on nearly
all avenues where the sewers have been
laid and the, streets macadamizd in
side o-f Twenty-first avenue. -, The
United Railroads Company has recog
nized the importance of, this district
and put on twenty-eight new cars of
the most modern and up-to-date pat
tern. It is reported that all Ellis street
cars will in future have their terminus
at II street and Twentieth avenue in
stead of Stanyan street, as at pres
ent, which will be a great convenience
for this constantly growing district.
A good many H-street park frontages
were .sold to people of wealth, who will
erect elegant residences. Business In
this locality has increased to such an
extent that three men are constantly
employed in the branch office of Bald
win. & Howell. corner of H. street and
Seventh avenue.
The following sales are reported by
G. H. Umbsen & Co.:' ."£'
For Henry M. Whlteley. lot,, 27:6x120 feet,
ar.d improvements on the south «ide of Broad
way K;0 feet west -of Broderlck street, and
137-«3x"7'C feet. Irregular, for $250 - a front
foot- for the B. Morris estate. lot, 23x1^7:6,
and improvements ' at 770 CFarrell Etrcet,
S12 COO: tor Frank B. Mlllard. lot. 25x114 feet,
and houee on the north side of Liberty street.
S1C50: for George W- Morgan, lot. 27:iixl20
feet and improvements on the Bouth side of
Pine street 110 feet west of Octavia. S7G00;
for Henry Meyer, lot. 25x137:0 feet, on the
Muth line of Oak etreet. 06 :« feet east or
Baker strf-et. $2^00. and for the account ci'
Duni. v«. Dunn. lot. 80x114 feet, on the riorth
wfft corner of Duncan and Sanchez streets.
flCC ° MANY'. MINOR DEALS.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have made
sales as follows: .
Lot on the- east line of Belcher '«treet, -100
fet-t ncrth of Fourteenth. 100x125 feet. . from
William Alvord to Daniel O'Day, $WK)0: lot
en the south side of "Washington street. 165
feet east -of Spruce. 27:6xl27:8U feet., from
C M. Solar! to Bruno Romaln. J.'SOoO: ten
lo"t» o»"th«- west line of Forty-seventh avenue,
100 feet Fputh of" K street. • from O- U. Bald
win to E. J. Malmprcn. and thirteen lots on
the east tide of Forty-eighth avenue.- 150 feet
south of K Etreet. from ■ the. tame owner -■ to
B Getz; the southeast corner of Clay street
and Twenty-si Jth avenue. . 1 12:Cxl00 feet." from
John C. Brickell to Mr*. Elsie .Thomas. -$11 00:
lot ca the west side of Thirty-fifth avenue. 100
THE SAN- FftAX.ClSCO CALL, , SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21," 1QP4...
feet north of B street, 100x210 feet, from Mn.
Jennie H. Yorke to Sol Oetz. $1200; lot on the
north line of California street. 70 feet east of
Tenth avenue; 25x100 feet, from the California
Land and Granite Company to Mrs. Augusta
Harrington, $900. ■ ■
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: . . i : >i v
I^ot USxlSO. on the east line cf Tenth avenue.
ISO feet south of J street, to E. Read; lot
1W, on the south line of. J street, 57:0 feet
we?t of Ninth avenue, * to ' W. H. Depew; lot
2JxluO. on the east line of South avenue, 75
feet south of RUhland. to J. P. Ho\gtr; lot
25x120, on the west line of Twentieth avenue.
£ix> feet north of K street, to Oeorge L.. Wish
ard; lot 75x120, on the west line of Forty-sev
enth avenue. 160 feet north cf I street, to C.
Young: lot 25x120. on the west line of Forty
eeventh avenue. 2(>0 feet oouth of H street, 'to
Kmir.a M. Heynolds; lot 75x120. on the west
line or Forty-eishth avenue, 112:6 feet north of
L street, to W. T. Bonney; lot 25x120. on the
wrest line of Klphth avenue, 200 feet north of
O ftreet, to M. Reichmouth: lot 25x120, on the
cast line of Tenth avenue, 250 feet south of J
street, to A. V. Band; lot 25x120, on the east
line of Tenth avenue, 275 feet south of J
street, to- A. G. Fischer; lot 25x100, on the
southeast lino of Lisbon street. 100 feet north
east of Prazll avenue, to B. E. Norton; two
lots in block C. Oetz's Addition to Lakevlew,
to A. Whitman.
Among recent sales reported by
Lyon & Hoagr are the following:
• Lot 25x110 feet, with Improvements, on the
eaet line of Uaker street, 123 feet south of
Fulton, from G. Ci^oilonl to Frank Qulsllnjr
for $7700; lot 4J>:(»x<Jl:5'i. with store and two
flats. o!i the northeatt corner of Twenty-fourth
and Bartlett t-truets. from Nellie Bond to Ber
iha Liiiman, for JS400; Int 27:6x137:6 on the
'north line of- Haight street, 10O feet west of
.Ash bury, from the Bainl estate to William
Fa hey for $."^«K); lot «J0xl20 (cet On, the east
line of Eighth avenue, 2i.rj_feet north of C
street, frnm Daniel Meyer. to Clara M. Crlch
ton for $2400; lot 37x125 fe«t with improve
rrentB on the east line of Castro street, 149
feet north of Nineteenth, from Nellie Bond to
William H. Dormaa for $5000; lot 40xi»2 feet.
on the southeast corner of II street and Four
teenth avenue from F. C. Reynolds to C. W".
rallashnn for S2S00; lot 25x115, on the east
line of South Uroderick street, 101 feet north
of Fourteenth, from C. TJeebe to Nellie H.
Smith for flSSO: lot 25x110 feet on the north
Bide of Fifteenth street. 100 feet east of
Church, from II. Nauman to Gustave Daniel
son for $22.V>; lot 27:«xl0O feet with Improve
ments on the north line of Sacramento street,
60 feet west of locust, from William II.
H3ere to Daniel F. Leary for $StK>0; lot 24x
122:»"» and improvements on the west line or
Shotwell street. 125 feet south of •Seventeenth,
to Cornelius Donovan for $5150.
LARGER TRANSACTION'S.
Bovee. Toy & Co. have bought for a
client 40x60 feet and a two-story
and basement brick building on the
west line of First street 40 feet south
of Xatoma,. the improvements renting
for $175 a month. The price paid
was $35,000.
Madison & Burke have bought for
a client the northeast corner of Mis
sion and Twenty-fourth streets, 60x
100 feet, with improvements, consist
ing of hotel .and stores, for $31,100.
Throuph the agency of the Von
Rhein Real Estate Company O. N.
Goldaracena has sold 35x120 feet on
the north line of Sutter street, 56:8
feet east of Larkin, to Dr. Gerald J.
Fitzgibbon on private terms. Stores
and apartments will be placed onthe
land. . . •. . ■ .
Mrs. Jemima A. Bogart has bought,
on private terms, the Cornwall resi
dence property on the southeast cor
ner of-Pase and Buchanan streets. •■
In addition to the sale made, last
week by Baldwin.. & Howell for Mrs.
Hayward of her San Francisco prop
erty adjacent ' to the Strathmore' on
Larkin and Fulton streets,- . another
transaction has just been cpmpleted
by the same brokers for Mrs. Hay
ward.
The property embraced in" the deal
constitutes a large slice of the pres
ent center of San Mateo City, and in
cludes all of the land lying between
the central portion of tha city and the
entrances to the Hayward residence
and west of the Southern Pacific Rail
road. The price paid for the property
was $S0.000. The purchasers are four
San Francisco capitalists, who intend
to spend a large sum in improving the
property. It is the intention of the
purchasers to subdivide the land into
lots of about 50 feet frontage and to
sewer all of the streets, after which
water mains will be laid and then the
roadways will be . oiled by the most
permanent and substantial method.
Xo expense will be spared to put the
property in perfect condition before
it is offered for sale.
This transaction is only one of the
many large sales in San Mateo made
by Baldwin & Howell during the last
five years, the aggregate of which will
reach now nearly- $750,000, including
San Mateo Park, the Crocker pur
chases, the Redington tract and sales
for account of the Howard and Bowie
estates and the Sharon properties.
In the sale of both -the San Fran
cisco and the San Mateo properties
Mrs. Hayward was represented by
"William J. Din'gee, who has the man
agement of her interests in California.
John Breuner and Robert Behlow
have sold to a client of Speck & Co.
the north corner of Fourth and Har
rison streets. 75x105 feet, with two
etory buildings, for $56,000. About
one year ago the property was bought
by Breuner and Behlow for $50,000.
Madison & Burke have sold the
aouthwest corner of Taylor and Ade
laide streets, 25:10x60 feet, old, im
provements, for F. K. Houston,' the
sale price being $20,500. The same
brokers have also sold the" following
mentioned properties:
Flv e lots, each 27:6x137:6 feet, on the south
side of Suttcr street, between Kleiner and
Fierce, for Mrs. Emma G. Butler, for $4JU0
apiece; three flats on the northwest line of
Shipley street, between Fifth and Sixth; lot
25x75 feet, for Abbie M. Segjerson, for $3S00;
three flats on the east side of Buchanan street
between Bush an.l Pine; lot 25x112:6, for R.
P. Merillion. for (11,500; two lots, each 32:6x
128 feet, on the south line of Jackson street,
between Cherry street and' First avenue, for
Belle H. Plurr.mer, for $5200; the . northeast
corner of D street and Thirty-eighth avenue,
57:<;xlOO, for H. O. Meyer, for $1400; lot
21x100 feet, and ' Improvements, on the east
side' of 'Polk street, between Pacific- avenue
and Broadway, to M. Broderlck on private
terms: lot 45:10x57:6, with old buildings, on
the east line of Steuart street, between . Mar
ket and Mission, to G. H. Chandler, on private
terms; lot 25x100. on the west . side- of Fill
more street, between Sutter and Bush, for
Valentine Webber, for $0500; lot 27:6x137:6,
on the north side of Post street, between Fill
more and Stelner. for Mrs. Emma G. Butler,'
for $4000: lot 25x70 feet and a cottace. on the
south side of Montcalm street east of Peralta.
for Sarah Gottuns. for $1850; lot 25x00 feet,
on the west side of Scott street, between O'Far
rell and Ellis, for Margaret Perkins, for $3000.
Oscar Heyman has sold 25x114 feet on
the south line of Army street. 375 feet
west of Guerrero, for $1000: lot 75x100
feet on the 'south line of Point Lobos
avenue, 82:6 feet west of Ninth avenue,
for $1100: lot 25x100 feet on the north
line of" Chenery street. 100 feet west of
Roanoke. for $600: two lots in the Mis
sion Land Homestead, for $250.
AUCTIONS NOW IN VIEW.
Next Tuesday at noon- at 63S Market
street Easton, 1 Eldridge &' Co. will sell
at auction various parcels of * real.es
tate. On .the list are the following:
' The. cremises at. 2134, 2136 and 2138 Folsom
aireet; lot '65x120! on the south aide of Pine
VALLEJO CLUB
PLANS REGATTA
Aquatic Sports and Races Will
Be Held at Navy Yard Town
for Benefit of Sailors' Home
BIG CARNIVAL PROMISED
Submarine Boats Grampus and
* Pike Will! Maneuver for En
tertainment of Spectators
The Vallejo Yachting and Rowing
Club will hold an aquatic carnival on
Washington's birthday in aid of the
sailors'- clubhouse, now being built in
Vallejo, the corner-stone having been
laid by President Roosevelt on his visit
to California last year. The programme
consists of a series of evolutions by the
submarine torpedo-boats Grampus and
Pike, under command . of Lieutenant
Arthur MacArthur Jr., and five boat
races. . !
The maneuvers of : the submarine
boats will take place in San Pablo Bay,
off Lighthouse Point, at the south end
of Mare Island. The ferry company will
run the steamer Vallejo to the scene of
the evolutions, the proceeds of the trip
being paid over to the clubhouse fund.
The Vallejo will start from the slip
at 1:30 a. m. The'submarlne boats will
skim along the water, dive beneath its
surface and discharge torpedoes. After
the exhibition, the Vallejo will take her
passengers back to the slip and the
submarine boats will proceed to Red
Rock, where they will give a , second
exhibition, which will be witnessed by
the passengers on board * two large
steamers carrying excursionists from
San Francisco and neighborhood. :. ..
When the steamer Vallejo returns to
the wharf the rowing' regatta will
begin, the' first race t»eing set for 1:30
p. m. • There will 'be five races. The
first event will be a six-oared race in
gigs carrying cockswains. The entries
are the crew of the United States
steamship Tacoma, a crew of Vallejo
oarsmen not belonpinjr to the- Vallejo
Rowing. Club named the Ragged Edges
and the crew of the rowing club.
The second event is a ten-oared
cutters carrying cockswains; The crews
entered are from the United States ves
sels Independence, Tacoma and Mo
hican.
The third event is a four-oared shell
race. between two crews of. the Vallejo
Yachting and Rowing Club, one crew
1 consisting of Wood Watson, C. E. F.
Morest, Frank Savage and A. W. Dun
ning, and the other of O. H. Wood. Leo
McCudden, J. B. Sancts and J. P. Scul
ly. As no shell race has taken place
in Vallejo waters for some years it is
expected that the event Will excite
much 'interest. ■■■.
■ The' fourth race "is,. for naval crews
exclusively, the ten-oared. cutters being
manned. by apprentices from the United
I States vessels Independence, Tacoma
and Mohican. " .. • ' . • .-
The last events-will be a. race In ten-.
-oared^cutters between crews of appren
tices from the receiving' ship Independ
'ence and the torr>edo-boat ** destroyer
Perry?; ! " - ■ > I
'The course for all the events will be
from Commission Rock buoy to a point
opposite the float of the Vallejo Yacht-
Ing and, Rowing Club.- The committee
in charge of the regatta consists of G.
H. Warford, J. A. Browne, J. P. Scully,
G: F. Hilton and Frank H. Lee. .
\ Much interest is felt In the six-oared
gig race, the crew of the rowing club
having beaten the Independence crew
on Thanksgiving day last year.and hav
ing defeated a picked, crew on New
Year's day. During the races the yacht
club house will not be open to the pub
lic, but members on showing their
cards of membership to the officer at
the gate will be entitled to bring in six
•friends. After the races the^crews tak
ing part In the regatta will be the
guests of the yachting club.
An Enjoyable Day Trip.
Note new homes and other Improvements
now under way In Mill Valley, Corte Madera,
Ross Valley, San Aneclmo, etc. Most attfac
tlve suburban district near San Francisco (30
minutes to one hour distant). Third rail elec
tric trains via Sau*allto Ferry leave at 7:00.
8:00. 0:00, 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45.
3-15 4:15, 5:15. 6:13, 7:00, 8:45. 10:20 and
11:45 p. m. Round trip 25c to 50c. Monthly
commutation, ■%& 00« to $5 00. Get copy of
"Sunny Suburban Homes," North Shore Of
fice, 626 Market street. *
street. 110 feet east of Octavia street, and ex
tending to AuRtln. avenue, on which are four
two-story dwellings" en Pine .street, and three
dwellings on Austin, avenue: three flats and
a lot 25x106. at 630, &41 and C43 Lyon street;
th» lot 25x137:6/ and • residence, on the Routh
line of Fulton street. 200 feet west of Baker
street: the house and lot. 22:10Uxl37:6, at
1625 Vallejo street: a lot 25x100 feet, on the
west side of Flllmore street. 35:tt south of
Filbert street: a lot 45x122 :«. and two cot
tages, on the east aide of Missicn street. 200
feet nortl> of Twentieth street, at probate
sale; the lot 25xS5 feet, and eld buildings, at
072 Howard «street: the premises at 42SH. 4288
and 4290 Mission etrcet: lot' 25x75 feet, and
three flat3. • on- the. north side of Clementina
street, west of -Fifth street, and a' vacant lot
25x120 feet, on the east line of Seventh ave-,
nue, 100 feet north cf Point Loboa avenue.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. report very
satisfactory inquiry for .detailed infor
mation concerning the excursion to
Chico. The outlook for the suc
cess of the excursion and auction is
very promising.* 1 'A special excursion
train is booked to leave San Francisco
this evening, to arrive in Chico Monday,
morning, and. will leave there Monday
night, due to arrive in San Francisco
about 8 o'clock Tuesday morning. The
round-trip fare is placed at $5 40 and $1
for .the sleeper each way, offering a
great inducement to people to visit the
upper Sacramento Valley at a very
moderate cost and without taking busi
ness hours. The tickets are on sale at
the office of Easton, Eldridge & Co. and
at the Southern Pacific ticket office at
the Grand Hotel.
The Pacific Hardware and Steel Com
pany will erect a warehouse to cost
S90.000. on a lot . 200x400 feet, at China
basin, the land, having . been _ rented
from the' Santa Fe for a long series of
years. The ' structure ' will be three
stories high; - , • .
George BeverldgeV residence, on the*
west line of Presidio. avenue, north of
Jackson street, will- cost'.$20.000. It will
be two stories high, in the Spanish
style, with!basement'and attic.
Charles Brahnigan will erect a three
story structure, containing stores and
flats, on the east line of; Mission etreet,
south of Twentieth, to cost $15,000. "
Special Kates for the Citrus ..Fair,
.'■" Clovcrdule. ' ■
The California' Northwestern Railway Is now
selling tickets at one. fare. for the round trip.'
good going Saturday; Sunday and Monday, with
return llpilt: February . 23. -Tickets ■■ at- 650
Market street and Tlburon "ferry. - - #
BARNEY MURPHY
IN THE NORTH
Chairman of Democratic State
Central Committee Preaches
Gospel of Pacific Coast Unity
M00SER AS AN EXH0RTER
Monticello Statesmen and Iro
quois Braves Surprised at the
Missionary Work in -Oregon
The Democratic National Conven
tion will meet in St. Louis on July 6.
The California State convention of
the party will probably meet In Sacra
mento during the latter part of May.
Election of delegates to "the Statecon
vention from the leading: cities of
California .must take place on: the
first Tuesday of May. In the halls of
Monticello and In the .wigwams of the
Iroquois there are many inquiries as
to the whereabouts of . Barney Mur
phy, chairman of the State Committee,
and many expressions of '.wonder why
a call has not been issued for a meet
ing of the governing body of the party.
The Call ascertains definitely that
Barney JJurphy is In the open field
doing" missionary work. The follow
ing message by wire from Portland
tell3 what the eminent statesman la
doing: and where he is going:.
&rnator nerrard D. Murphy, chairman of the
California State Central Committee, and L». H.
Mooser, treasurer of that organization, ara In
Portland. Their object In visiting Oregtm 1«
to consult . with members, of the Democratic
party and "endeavor to brine about unity of
action between tUe delecates from the' Pacific
Coast State*. ' California is anxious that Ua
influence will be felt in the convention In a
way that would assist in securing recognition
•.of the West. It Is believed that this can' be
accomplished by explaining: to a number of
leading' members of the party In each State
the idea and securing their efforts to have
their resijective ' delegations send representa
tives to a muetlnc to be arranged later.- to
a^ree. If possible, on a course of procedure
that would make the delegations from west Of
the continental divide stand ns a unit.
■ After leaving: Portland Murphy and Mooser
will visit Washington. Idaho. Utah. Nevada,
Arizona and -New Mexico, to explain to the
members of the Democratic party in those
States and Territories their hope for united
action by Western States. ■ ;
'Murphy and Mooser deny that their tour
is In the Interest of W. R. Hearst, but indi
cations are that it Is. It Is believed here
that .their missionary campaign is for the
purpose of arranging for a caucus of Pacific
Coast delegates to the National Democratic
Convention, which would b« dominated and
controlled by the California delegation.
Inquiries addressed to' leading
Democratic politicians of San Fran
cisco bring to light the fact that
Chairman Barney Murphy was not
especially commissioned by the Demo
cratic State Central Committee to ne
gotiate for harmony. It is ascertained
further that his northern tour was
not planned by the Monticello Club or
the warriors of the Iroquois tribe.
Leading Democrats last evening . ex
pressed surprise when told that Mur
phy and Mooser were at large preach
ing the gospel of Pacific Coast unity.
It is said that Chairman Murphy fa
vors, a young, aspirant for the Presi
dency. ; Treasurer Mooser is classed
as a firm supporter of Judge Parker
for' the Democratic nomination.
SACRED MUSIC WILL BE
•; •» ■ . GIVEN AT ST. DOMIXIC'S
The Monthly Programme , Includes
Many Beautiful Numbers of Fam
ous Composers.
The following services' will be held
at the cliurches to-day:
Grace Methodist 'Episcopal — Morning.
"Spiritual Degeneration"; evening. "A state
Treasurer." Pastor. Rev. F. M. ' Larkin. ;
Simpson Memorial Metbodist Episcopal —
Morning, "An Apostolic tloast"; evenlnr,
sermon by Rev. W, S. Matthew. Pastor, Rev.
John- Stephens. ' -
Epworth Methodist Episcopal — Morning, "Re
covering Our Hoarders"; evening, preaching by
Rev. Dr. Hartley. Pastor. Rev. K. A. Kea-sL
California-street Methodist Episcopal — Morn-
Ing. "Inequalities of Life"; evening. "George
Washington, the Typical American." Castor,
Rev. Clarence Reed. . .
First Methodist Episcopal— Evenln?. "Christ's
Knowledge of Men." Pastor. Rev. E. F.
Brown.
Central Methodist Episcopal— Evening, "The
Prodigal's Elder Brother." Pastor. Rev.
George W. White.
Richmond Methodist Episcopal — Morning,
"Was the Sabbath" Made for Man. or Man for
the Sabbath?" Pastor. Rev. E. D. Kalry.
First Unitarian — Morning, "The Modern
Prophet"; evening. "The Child and the State."
by Hon. Ben B. Lindsey. Pastdr, Rev. Brad
ford Lcavitt. ' ' • •■■__■■
First English Lutheran — Morning. "The
Missionary Charta" : evening, "The One
Hundredth Anniversary of the British and
Foreign Society." Pastor. E. Nelander.
Rev. John Sard! will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning at
St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Joseph
Riordan will deliver the sermon in the
evening. The Calvarian devotions,
consisting of the way of the cross,
sermon and benediction, will take
place in the cathedral this afternoon,
commencing at 3 o'clock. Rev. Wil
liam P. Sullivan -will preach on "The
Victi m . on , the Cross."
A course of sermons will be preach
ed in St. Mary's Church, California
street, on the Sundays of Lent at the
11 o'clock .mass by Father Clarence
Woodman, C. S. P.. on "The Soul's
Inner Life." His subject for this Sun
day will be "Its Motive."
The usual monthly programme of
sacred music will be given at St. Domi
nic's Church ! this morning. . There
will be litany, with sermon, at 7:30,
followed by the benediction of. the
most holy sacramento; offertory. "Ave
Maria" (Shelley). Mrs. C, Buerger
melster; "O Salutaris" (Wagner);
"Tantum Ergo" (Gluch). After bene
diction the following numbers will be
rendered: Organ solo, "O Sanctis
sima" (Lux); motet, "Ave Maria"
(Galliera); solo, '"Oh, Thou Afflicted"
(Benedict), Miss Ella V. McCloskey;
motet, "Hear My Prayer" (Mendels
sohn), solo by Miss Camille Frank;
solo. "Refrain Thy. Voice From Weep
ing" (Sullivan), T. G. Elliott; quartet,
"Sub Tuiim" (Dubois), Miss Frank.
Miss McCloskey, Mr. Elliott and
Charles B. Stone; solo, "Ye. Sacred
Priests" (Handel), ' Mrs. Jenkins;
motet, "Totapulchra" (Perosi) ; organ
voluntary, March in'B flat (Silas), Dr.
H.J: Stewart, organist and director of
the choir. . , • '..
Rev. Egerton. R- Young, the noted
traveler, author and preacher, will ad
dress the mass-meeting for 'men at the
Young , Men's Christian Association.
Mason and -Ellis streets, to-day at 3
o'clock, bishop J. W. Hamilton will
deliver the , fiftieth anniversary address
qf'the-Sssociatlohia't the First Congre
gational. Church, {Post and Mason
streets,,' at: 7:30 o'clock. v The anniver
sary.services will be free to the. public.
Rev.' George C. 'Adarns, DJ" D., will par
ticipate ; in" the 1 programme" and a;spe
cial musical service will be presented
by the church choir. Both of these,
services will be ; of the largest Interest
to'the public.
How Would You Li ke to Own
• ■ ■' '■ .' * x ... ' A P Ideal library containing the
fT"T T ~-~T^^^ j essays of Emerson: Schopenhauer
VffijrjKWiBiTifJW1fMPr1gffMLSf < tt...' < f*r^ 1 ' nn(J Macauley. the humor of Ari;i-
BPff^^TS^wFJ^Tj JrV'-J^TBroJI-'' i tophanes. Mark Twain and Charlea
B^*^^S§ire5^E9^9^^*^J7gnl! 1 ' I Lamb — In a v.-oril. a library con-
5ir?l?ligBfi^ I tainins the best of every author
rlt^^^\\^fe^>*TJl^Hr-il*fM JT*-^^' \ '"' I Jou ever a dmired or wanted to
Ot^^^^^^LI^^- j^i^ •J^-Sll'^ 1 Charles Dudley Warner
lil^8yAMfy^^'3?3^y^!l >^^^^i It Was the first to brlnp such a 11-
Bb7tt^"Bflfe?!'*j[^'^^^_—j~^lpih brary within, your . rc.'icii -la a su-
lll^r?"^ i •'JTyt'^^S?Jrr^^ y Si^-l'^ * n truth, the "World's Best Lltera-
PBaSHBffl^FB^MpWff^ff | Soltilll "' ture, and thf larso«t private llbra-
Offldallr Adopted by th» New York City Z.ESS THA2T HA1P PBICE.
Schools and New York State Regent*. No one need now remain without
, , < this magnificent Library. By join*
39 Volume*— Author! and Their Worts. Ine the "Public pptnion" Club you
,-.,„_„ a~~~. *,*,* TmH»> can secure a set of the New Me-
3 Volumes— Sonsrs. Hymns and Lyrics. morlal Edition newly revised and
3 Volumes— Dictionary of Anthors. enlarged at x.e*s Than One-Ha^
a Volumes— Synopses of Noted Books. tne Publisher's Price and on small
1 Volume — Index and. Guide to System- monthly payments amounting to;
atlc Reading!. only a few cents a day. This f.«i an
__" . « '-• opportunity to equip your home
48 Volume! la all. ' ''.•■' with the finest library which has
■ 80,000 page* and 800 illustration,, J
. — ______ , ,. of books began. ■»*t'7.*^'
Tne work of 300 editors, critics and ■ ,«.«i ..-^ / 1
scholars ■ • v^ °" *^* e coupon and send . J J^
— -^-r- it to us TO-DAY! p^* /r/\
It contains tne best of science, philos- t l *~^ / f/
ophy, history, biosrraphy, poetry, humor. It will bring full particu- /J A .
travel, fiction, oratory, essays, letters— lars and handsome speci- / J ■/***•
In a word, all the best and most lasting men pages without cost <- o /J /{},<>.
literary thousrht of sixty centuries. you; also a X/xPCBtrc
. 8«PJ« C«W *"• SfS 0?IN10S
What Purchasers Say of "Punuo opinion," /A / ciC3
* ,-. ' themost-instructlve^jc / 479.4^0,
8. S. McClure: It is undoubtedly the weekly magazine X x Parrott Bidir..
most succegsful publication ever undertaken in published, con- x<b / San Francisco.
this country, if not in the world." • taininc the /o/ ,, _,«„ pi oa ,»
book, lor rrivate or public library now to be people. Sp yfe^ u !l-?"o«~-our advw-
Qeneral Pitihuyli _e.: "The 'Library ///t^^xxl-^l^t^Z
of the World's Best Literature* is the most /J /jL?» '
valuable and faadnatlngr work I have ever had f J S
In my library." //y.Virae
Rev. Charles James 'Wood. XX— >.: ///strett •♦••
"Th» "Warner Library will- prove the force X^-'Xcritv ....'.
that starts a new epoch tn the intellectual life ///
of the American people." > -^^^^0 cXii!.'"-'
Sullivan Case Out of Court.
The order directing the Board of
Civil .Service Commissioners to appear
and show why it failed to credit John
J. Sullivan with certain credits he
claimed to have obtained in a recent
examination for the position of chief
APVI^TISJS-LENTS. •
Of the Head, Nose, Throat,
Ears and Lungs. Catarrh of
the Stomachy Liver, Kidneys,:
Bladder and Bowels. Catarrh
in all its different phases is
promptly cured by : : : :
Electro-Ghemistry
- Catarrh Is the most universal of diseases. Neglected catarrh
_~Jfe_ causes more consumption than all other causes combined. The family
/__ gSSSfe physician has no cure for catarrh, and because ho can't cure it he
/y 7^— jfTjjfeff ' tells you It Is incurable. The result of such advice la that most suN,
nl*^rflL. ferers are prone to take up patent medicines with the Idea of getting
Sfx^'vKwSR* relief. Of course It is very certain that few are ever benefited l>y
/ XT fflmlll patent medicines and it Is very sure that none are cured by thorn.
/ \l £}*allTn • The Klectro-Chemic treatment of catarrh Is different. Tho iliec-
' \ 'tSfSSaXWtl tro-Chemlc specialist applies the treatment himself. He knows tho
Al%SitJ»Ue££l treatment reaches the rlsht spot, no matter where It may be. II*
tvSwJrT*^ use* local treatment to reach local conditions. BUT HE CURES BE-
YSmtlV C^U^E HIS TREATMENT ATTACKS THE DISEASE IN' TI1R
BLOOD AND THUS BEING ENTIRELY CONSTITUTIONAL IS
TT«; FPFECTS THE CURES ARE PROMPT. THOROUGH AND PERMANENT. There is
no treatment l'n use that can compare with Electro-Chemlstry in diseases of the air pas-
wge" and consumption that is not too far advanced Is curable by Electro-Chemlstry. All
who are interested are cordially Invited to call on us for careful examination and demon-
stration free ot cost.
DISEASES OF WOMEN. FOR NERVOUS DISEASES.
Electro-Chemistry Is especially adapted - n e Electro-Chemlc treatment Is a
for the prompt and lasting cure of all heaven-sent boon to nervous sufferers.
ror me prompt characterized There are scores and hundreds of persona
cases of "Female Trouble cnaracienzeo. guttering from severe nervous disorders ra-
by such symptoms as backache, pain In suiting from overwork, hurry, worry, busl- ,
the side • chronic • congestion, .unnatural ness and domestic cares, bereavements.
I a i.^niaritv Inflkmmatlon dissipation, excesses, etc. To them^lfe is
suppression and irregularity, Inflammation. oM -jund of m i ser y. while peace.
ulceratlon and displacements, profuse dls- comfort and happiness are impossible. '
eharre bearing down sensation, dragging . They suffer from headache, loss, of mem-
c 8 ' * wi _«^ i«i^. -aih r»t onr. mental depression, strange sensations,
pains across the hips and loins, .com reel du jjness. dizziness, restlessness, irritabil-
. and .hands,, paleness, nervousness, head- Uy> con3tant indescribably fear, forcbod-
ache variable appetite, nausea, faintness, Ings, sleeplessness, weakness, trembling,
dlxzlness shortness of breath, heart pal- heart palpitation cold limbs, utter fatigue ,
ration bAt and cold flashes, weak- and • and exhaustion. In this class of cases al-
Jmotherinj^wafs and pal" soreness and most Immediate relief I. afforded by the
Sernesf ovtr ? the pelvic^regions. The scientific Electro-Chemlc treatment. The
vi^trS-Chemlc treatment Is mild and use of narcotics and poisonous, stupefyins
painless", and has no objectionable features drugs a^ co 1 m n * is * w * 5r wlth « aad P*" 11 * 1 " 11 '
.____ ___i _—_—_—. ' •_— _■ — i_— — — — — as _— a_— _— ai _>_— _— _— i _—_—_——
CONSULTATION, 01TIER SPECIALTIES.
CYAMIMATION neatness. Stfnrlnff Xars. Discharsrtar
Jt A/VLVI : ;« lN MM'l Ears. Aaseesses, Cancers. Tomors, Blood
-. • a.nd ADVICE Poi«<»« Consumption, Asthma, Bronchi-
tis, Xhenmatlsm, Nearalsria, Paralysis,
■'.•3 ■•:• in All C3.SSS Iiocomotor A tax la. Piles, rissuro and all
Rectal Oiseascs, Sidney Diseases ( torts?
Tirvrwita T.'ir"'-'tu tP""JM wbh sample of mominr urtae ror analysis};
■T^^ 11 ra H H tatlo Diseases, Stricture, Varlcocele, Spe- ,
hL_1 B Jb Kasd B**d clal Diseases of Men. Weafcieis. Pros-
1"^ H 7 B tatic Diseases, Stricture. Varlcocele, Spei
M Ma ™ - 1 H -J clflc Blood Diseases, Contracted Disease*.
JBL. JBl. 1 i. m^t^B JBBSH—B € tc etc
PATIENTS TREATED SUCCESSFULLY AT HOME.
The Electro-Chemic Treatment Is the most perfect ever devised and employed.
Sufferers living: at a distance from San Francisco and unable' to visit the- Insti-
tute are afforded the same satisfactory and successful -treatment as those who
are treated in its offices. Complete and perfect electrical apparatus and appli-
ances loaned to , patients taking home treatment. Correspondence ,
Write full description of .your case. Diagnosis*, advice and the opinions of tha
Electro-Chemic Specialists free of charge. All correspondence strictly confiden-
tial. All letters mailed in plain envelopes. : ■•
Ei^otrioity i- THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
All scientists now agree that the IllU I I ti
source of ;llfe is Electricity. The vital ' • •.'
spark is Electrical. The .Electro-Chemlc j 10 Grant A V0 . Rflf PlTCt St '• '
specialists were the. first to use the "^""^^IfV^v-cTSCO
combination of Electricity and Chem- &A.\rnA.>usw
istry constitutionally to;, cure Catarrh, {^^A tk^til
Consumption, ; Blood Contagion and in p m . .
air other diseases whitl: weaken the Separate apartments for ladles an3
patient's vitality, -;' ' -..-•• -: _entlemen, .. ;
plumbing inspector was discharged by
Judge Sloss yesterday. This practi
cally ends the case, so far as the court
proceedings are concerned. Sullivan
charged that a certain paper on which
he had written the answers to the
questions propounded by the board
had never been considered.
3132
. ADVEBTISE3£ENTS> _ » _ , _ .
C§&^ THE SET $1.
C /C2*' \A \V / \\ Consisting of CUTICURA SOAP
1 1 ITa^t! J \ ijl \ to cleanse the skin of crusts and
/ \ \^\wV vlj \ scales, and soften the thickened
I v^L *M I \ cutlcIc; CUTICURA OINTMENT
j^V yt&^s^j^^S- \ \ to instantly allay itching, irrita-
i % \^\\lfls^\. '(/* tion, and inflammation, and
/^S \ '4i 'W^? soothe and heal; and CUTICURA
MC^^^C \irV RESOLVENT PILLS, to cool and
>^-iLSX \ 7 — / cleanse the blood, .and expel
\ \t^V /] humour germs. A SINGLE SET
V^VT^V^ J Is often sufficient to cure the
/\rv, Zl / most torturing, disfiguring skin,
/ \S*} 0/ scalp, and blood humours; ecze-
/ /^/^^^^^ mas, rashes, itching*, and irrita-
i 'ifj^sS tions, with loss. 1 of hair, when
)q ~Z§>L. \ the bcst physicians, and all
[ *^^L±lr~k other remedies fail.
MILLIONS USE CUTICURA SOAP
Assisted by Cuticura Ointment, for preserving, purifying, and beautify-
ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and tbe
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
ami sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chafings, and for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of. Women use Cuttcura.
Soap in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and ex-
coriations, for too free or offensive per.«piration, in the form of washes for
nlccrative weaknesses, and for many sanative, antiseptic purposes' which
readily suggest themselves to women and mothers. .No. other medicated
«oap is to be compared . with Cuticuka. for preserving, purifying, and
beautifying the skiii, scalp, hair, and hands. Xo other foreign or domestic
toilii soap, however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes
cf the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in Oxe Soap at Oke
Price, the best skin and complexion soap, a-nd the best tcilet and baby
poap in the world.
COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR.
1 • Cossietins of Ccticuka Boat <2»e.)t to deuce tko ttla of cru*U aad
nil F Oa EPK* 51 t * i!rs . a °d »ofien the thickened cuticle; Cnricmi Or.Tr»rxT (50c.\
\}U*£vtelU '*o iaftt&tljr allay itcbisg, in' animation, aad Irritation, »cd ■?9tfc«
and hral; and Ccticcea Hesoltekt riixs (25c), to cool *ad eleaaas
THE SET $1. tbe blocd. A £in«le 8bt tsofteniqfficieotto cure tlie meet torturi»f,~
ri : "£ruriae, itcbinCt barnia?, and «ca'v itUs, icalp, asd blood barooor*.
nshec, ttcb!ssc. »«d frrj'.ationi, Triib Iocs of hair, ▼hen all else fails.- Sold tbraefboat th«
world. Kr!ti*b D»pct: 2T-2*. Ch»rterhon»« Pq., London. " French Depot: » Rn« 4e la r«U,
PtrU. roTTES Dzza asd Cokk. Cost., £e\t Propt., Boston, U. 8. A. " All about the Sits,"
free. ' .
CmcTBA ncsOLTKKT rtLLS (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odoarleifl, eeosemical
• ubstitste fcr the celebrated liquid Ccticcf.a llr «oi.te\t, as well aa for all otb«r Mood purifiers
aed hnmoar c-jre*. Hach pill is equivalent to one temspocofal of liquid Kisoltbkt.- Put up in
<c«Tr.-iv f.o-\- : rUlt. co3t*.ioins ibe tame ncmber of doses as a 68c bettle . of liquid Rx-
•oltcst, price 25c CtTTict'BA 1'ru.s are Alterative, antiif pric. tonic, cad dteesilTe. end beyond
tii-i -.ion tbe purn t, STrectett, moet sueceisful and ecoaomical blood and ekia pnrifere. huaooz
carcc, and tcuic-digesMvee yet compouaded.
Steals Woman's Purse.
A tr.an giving the name of Jerry
Dunleavy was captured yesterday af
trrnoon by Officer F. J. Dunham and
locked up on a charge of petty lar
ceny. Dunlcavy called at the resi
dence of Mrs. B. A. Burns, 34 46
Twertieth street, pretending he wish
ed to look at some rooms she had to
let. "While he was inspecting: the
9. p artments the doorbell rang and dur
ing the temporary absence of Mrs.
Burns Dunleavy picked up a purse
containing 5-3 75, which was lying on
a table, and ran to the street. Mrs.
Burns followed him and gave the
alarm. Officer Dunham, who was on
a passing car. pursued the fleeing man
and after a hot chase of three blocks
captured him. Dunleavy. when he
found that escape was impossible,
threw the purse into the street.
Reduced rates on hoi:»<*hold goods to & from
tbe Cast it South. Bekin's. 11 MontromeiT «t- *
Will Observe Lenten Devotions.
The customary lenten devotions of
the Calvarian Society will be inaug
urated at SL Mary's Cathedral this
afternoon at C o'clock. Rev. "William
T. Sullivan will preach the sermon and
will use for his subject, "The Victim
en the Cross." Following will be the
benediction of the blessed sacrament.
ADVERTISEMENT^ • ' - '
M - r IhWH.U f M \ W t 1 I I fc J^Ct %% *S f m 1 * \ *PB»sa m. B *r tm fc A^BT THTi 1* -T^*% »
I f T£is^-- i-^i«n»m.»«irrrw»<»gj ■ amii « -T. t «n»ari«ii iiijari jjq%£«« .Mtr^fg > I . im !■■■ n f*^^ Ca ■ .
Man cteztb
iD-mxrrr^io-ai legal
We are now showing new Sprinj
and Sumtntr Goods !n all departments. " >•■
j Sf8~ 322 MARKET 37:
Gatekeeper Mooro Suffocated.
Patrick Moore, a gatekeeper em
ployed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, was found dead yesterday morn
ing on the floor of his room at 273S
Folsom street, suffocated with illumi
nating caa which had escaped from
an open burner. The body was fully
dressed. Moore had been drinking to
excess for several days. He was a na
tive of Ireland, about 60 years old.
1S30 and military styles are latest for
ladies* wear. Send for catalogue. Stand
ard Patterns, Domestic offlc*. 1021 Mar
ket Et. V' ■ *
Peddler Injured b.v a Car.
Frank' Pasene, a fruit peddler re
siding at 141^.. Fourth street, was
struck by a car at Powell and Mar
ket streets yesterday . afternoon. . He
v.as taken to the Receiving:- Hospital,
where It was found that his right leg
was fractured and ' his body badly
brused;
B.F.Stoll. <lentUt; Haljrht & Masonic »».*
Exchange of Examiners.
Customs Collector Stratton was re
quested yesterday to detail an exami
ner of Chinese. and Japanese.merchan
dise for Portland,' Or.,' for 'a-' : period
not to exceed sixty days In exchange
for Examiner Beard of that: port, who
has been detailed at San Francisco.
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, r SU-XDAY. ; FEBRUARY 21, 1901.
MYSTERIOUS SHOTS AROUSE
CHRISTIANSEN TO ACTION
Sergeant of Police Fears Another B!ai$e.' Murder; but Finds
Only a Misguided Mexican Trying His Gun— -Judge Alo
gan Will Stand Treat for Johnson— u Gon" Sullivan Held
Sergeant of Police Christiansen was
disrobing in his "Green street' home Fri
day night preparatory to retiring after.
a bard'day's work in Chinatown when
the sound of tivo revolver shots rent
the air. They came from the direction
of Russian Hill, and the gallant police
man &w In his mind's eye , another
murder, more tragic and daring than
the crime that cost Joseph Blaise hla
life.
Hastily he thrust his fset Into his
shoes and pulled his socks over them.
Then he threw hi3 trousers under the
bed, wrapped himself in a quilt and
grasping his trusty gun rushed forth in
the direction of the firing line.
He had traveled about a block at
double quick when he met up with
Guaragua Fidele, a Mexican bootblack
employed at a California street barber
shop, taking careful aim at the clouds
that hid the moon and preparing to cut
loose again with his smoke wagon. Th«
officer laid a detaining hand on the
bootblack and led him away.-to the City
Prison. A search disclosed another re
volver, and Fidele was looked upon as
a very bad man.' r
The case was in Judge Cbnlan's court
yesterday and was adjudicated by
Judge Cabaniss. who presided during
the absence of his fellow jurist. Fidele
told the Judge that he had been in
formed by his employer that it was
lawful to -carry concealed weapons pro
vided the packer had $60 on his person.
FTiday night the bootblick had $70 in
his pocket, lawful money of the United
States, so he carried two guns. If he
had riossessed 5100 he probably would
have thought himself entitled to a bat
tery of artillery.
When he fired the two shots, he said,
he was merely trying" his. weapons to
see if they worked all right. Judge Ca
baniss dismissed him without a fine,
but not before he had compelled the
defendant to listen to some sage advice
about carrying' and discharging fire
arms within the city limits.
John Johnson was once a" mill hand.
Then he became a common laborer, and
finally a bum. Since last November he
has done no work of any kind and has
remained continuously drunk, while
kindly neighbors fed his delicate wife
and three little children and an excep
tional landlord allowed them to occupy
their cheap home on Lafayette street.
r He was before Judge Mogan yester
day on a charge of neglecting to pro
vide-for his minor- children. He told
the Judge he had been unable to obtain
employment and had no money.
"Nevertheless," said the Judge, "you
have managed to keep a bun on during
these dreary months of starvation. How
wa* that?"
- "Well, your Honor," said Johnson,
"my friends treat me when I go down
the line."
"I find you "guilty," said the Judge;
"and it will be my treat Tuesday, " at
which time you are ordered to appear
for sentence."'
. ... . . t-<.- •..»-.■
Judge Fritz .yesterday held Con Sul
livan, R^welWknown sure thing man,
to answer to .the.; Superior Court in
bonds of J2000 on r a charge of grand
larceny by trick and device. He is ac
cused of' robbing John Lundgrin, the
original "K." C Kid." of 5100 by a top
and bottom dice game -in a saloon on
Mission street.
• ■ ' • . * - •
Frank Graham, .who claims to be a
bookkeeper by occupation, but who is
a thief by choice, came before "Judge
Mogan yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny. He was instructed and- ar
raigned and an attorney appointed for
him.
The defendant snatched a purse from
the hand of Mis* Katherine Ryan at
the safety station on Market street Fri
day night as she was about to board
a Haight-street car. She followed the
thief and her cries attracted Police
man Teutenberg, who pursued and cap
tured Graham. Just.before the capture
the thief threw away the purloined
purse, which contained ?5.
• ' • •
J. J. Ncilsen and Walter Morris, who
smashed a window in a haberdashery
iat.3 Grant avenue Tuesday night and
abstracted some wearing apparel, were
held for trial in the Superior Court on
charges of burglaryyesterday by Judge
Cabaniss;in bonds of 52000 each.
I The crime was particularly daring,
the hour and place rendering detection
almost inevitable. . The burglars were
captured by j Policemen Meredith and
Reihl, and when searched two formid
able revolvers, fully loaded, were found
on the prisoners. So far as known to
«ie police, the two young men have
never " been in ' trouble before. They
are electricians recently arrived from
the East. a,nd claim that their crima
was committed, in, order to secure suffi
cient funds to pay their, initiation fees
into the Electrical Workers' Union so
that they might secure employment.
■ • • • ■ ' • ■
] Alexander .English, a 16-year-old boy,
was arrested by Policeman Jordan yes
terday rooming for driving at break
neck speed over the crossing at Third,
Market and Kearny streets. When he
came before Judge Mogan the defend
ant said that he was following the in-'
structiona of his employer, a livery
man, who told him to' deliver a buggy
tol a patron as faat as he could get
there. The case was continued " and
the policeman was instructed to have
the liveryman in' court Tuesday morn-
Ing to explain why he advised the boy
to violate the law. ■ ; " : -1':a
John Reardoa, drunk. but. playful,
pushed his fist through a window of
a restaurant at 44 Turk, street . Friday
night and landed 6Quarely on the solar
plexus of a cu6tard pie. He was be
fore . Judge; Mogan yesterda y and was
found guilty, of malicious mischief. He
will have to pay 'for. . the , window^ and
the pie and.Vfine besides 'or else, do
time in the County Jail. ,
-George. Spiro runs .-a short-order res
taurant av; Ninth and Folsom ; streets
and until recently; had , for a ; ham and
egg chef one D/Radoyich. When Rad
ovich quit he. rented his services to
an establishment, near by and when
h}s labors were finished he would sta
tion himself across- the. street from
Spiro's "Java, arid slaughter inthe pan"
emporium and make-faces at' the pro
prietor. -J. . -,_. -; : . ,
. Spiro couldn't leave \be sizzling. ham-
burgers lonj: encrugh to cross tha street
to. give Radoyich what he thought was
coming to him, but h^ waited as the
Indians watch and wait. Friday night
his time had come. Radovich, embold
ened by past immunity, passed ; up the
street on the Spiro side and the res
taurant man halted him. ' .'
; "Por que why you meek | f eca ad
me?" demanded Splro.
"I didn't," said Radovich.
"You deed," persisted Spiro.
"Tou're a liar," said liadoylch.i who
is quick "at repartes.
Biff! Zlss! Plunk! That's all
there was to it. Kadovich arose after
awhile and caused the arrest of Splro.'
The. restaurant Keeper vras before
Judge Mogan. yesterday, who. listened
to the stories of both and then took
the case under advisement for a week.
The Insanity Commission refused to
commit T. J. Wilson, the man who ran
amuck on Mission street v.-ith a knife
Monday night, and returned him-!" to
Jud^e Moffan'a court .yesterday. The
Judge sent the dippy young man to
the County Jail for three months,
where medical' observations will be
continued on him. If he shall kill a
keeper or some fellow prisoner the In
sanity Commissioners may become
convinced that. he is a proper subject
for an asylum.
William Scores and .Wiiliam Kelley.
two young hoodlums that were trying
to wreck the premises of a woman
that runs a' little resort out. near the
Six-mile House, were given thirty and
sixty days respectively in the County
Jail by Judge Fritz yesterday.- j [t
Ralph E. Reinoehl. once a special
officer at the Orpheuni and later a
clerk in the law office? of Charles Wes
ley Reed, was hold in 5500 bonds yes
terday by Judge Mogan for having
passed a forged check on Bob Kerns,
a Market-street saloon-keeper. This
is the third charge of forgery upon
which Reinoehl has been held. All of
the checks were for small amounts
and the name of Charles Wesley Reed
was inscribed upon them.
Henry Wardelich, accused of the
murder of Pius I^cerner on the night
of February 13, "was discharged by
Judge Mogan yesterday. All the testi
mony showed that*lhe death of Lea
ner was entirely accidental. He was
following . the defendant, who. was
anxiously trying to get away from him.
Wardelich Dushed Legner back and
the latter, who was drunk, fell on the
stone sidewalk and fractured his
skull, from which he died. "
- George Brown, the husky toll taker
arrested at the* ferry for macingr pas
sengers for money, was given ' three
months in the County Jail yesterday
by Judge Mogan. His companion,
Ora Parker, : wh6 has only one arm.
got off with ten days. Aactuaries in.
accideiit policies now have^a- safe
basis to figure from as to the* value of
an arm in commutation of sentence.
Herbert Reynolds was wanted as a
witness -in a grand larceny case yes
terday in Judge Mogan's- court" and
Bailiff Mike Mahoney was instructed
to call .him at the , door. Mahoney
went out and bis voice rose high over
the bustle and noise in the corridors.
He returned to thje courtroom and
told the Judge that Herbert Reynolds
was not present.
"Issue a bench warrant for Herbert
Reynolds." said the Judge.
. "What's that?" sajd the defendant's
attorney. Reynolds is here.
There he sits back- there.
•"Why doesn't ho answer -to his
name?" damanded Mahoney, hotly.
"He's deaf and dumb," said the at
torney. .
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
9*ef00999m9QW99990999e09**999tQQ99eW*
9' - ; >V.. :! ' ! ■' ■ • ...."'-'-■,-.. •
• ii^^^^VB* Remodeling ©
| l^^M CLEARING SALES I
S I ' .Mj^^ ■^-y) There is a very important rea- q
S ■^■jtgjf tf / 1 y 'f i^ son v;^y l1 "- ' aUcr l )arL ol c^" ©
• *n3i '» W&&BBbP \t* / r uary, a naturally dull period in •
© <- ?torckccpi:ig;. has become one of ©
© J I k 1_ intense activity at this eslab- g
9 ft^ i ' lishment. As a radical method to 5
2 \* j close out everything possible in q
2 - Hj| r our man y departments during the $
q - ! im*^^' extensive .-ilterations which arc ©
O -\i : l£/' lift now in progress, we have gone •
9 \'$ ' |» x,K m1^ v through these goods, sorted them ®
• . Bl •'Pirf :^^^lk. out anc^ inar^ c^ them to a figure g
• u-.- fV^lrPi^W,*-- ' l ' iat ' caves no profit and frequent- q
2 Ifij y^'I^H^ra^K " ' v entails large losses. The final ©
g .. .V^ J^vif^WX^ days of this Great Alteration Sale O
O J?*^ imi\'"'^^^^^^^^^^u. n '■ >c 1 ' 1C us^ esS: OI * 1 ' 1C >' ear - **
I J^li^^^ New Spring Suits. |
9 '^^^^M^^^^^ 'Suit Department, Second Floor.) »
HB^ Tuesday Tve present a showinsT of . a
• . - . " an extensive sample assortment of X
9 Kew Spriaff Suits, about 200 in all. These Suits represent the. styles for 2
0 the coming Spring Season und are the nc^'est creations. J*
Q Eton and Coat Suita— Pretty effects in all tlie newest colors and ma- •
a terials: lfght-we!glit chfviots a:id cloths; all strictly man-tailored: pret- •
A •• tily" trimmed: tliene Suits will sell at much tt* + 9 np»,_"j CPI*^ PA ©
• [ .rffl^8^JgjgsKs^r p'te. : s $ 13 - f 5 and >ZZ.bO •
a ' Women's Covert Jackets and Skirts. Seasonable Jackets: the newest O
sj short effects; la a full range of sizes. ~ <*) CHphmJ ff 1*7 Qf\ •
5 Specially pjjeed... •• I] Z.DUaiKl $ 1 /.jU v »
5 At Five Dollars. ■•
S Women's Walking Skirt's, madu of serviceable mixtures in tf«c f\f\ 9
2 the fashionable styles and colors. Sale Price .........'• »pJ»VV .9
I Women^s Coats 0 at $4.75. I
2 What's left of the Season 1 !! f»eUinp:!n colors, enstor. tan. £ • nn 2
• . black. 27 inches Ions, loose bdcki. A dete:-rnlned effort to sell S
9 i these broken. lines complete is what croates such a low pries.-. t* q
|v A Great Glove Special. |
2 5000 '■ pairs of -Women> C-Clasp Ol^yes. - ..Perrln's^ • Real *, - -I P . •
S French Kid Ji:50Glov«$.. All shades 3™* sizea - ,™ted and A|,li> •
J warranted. On sale at. :...:.. . ... • • • • •/..••;•• *. ; ' '- Pair - 9
1 A Go !
• ! CorrSeary St " arid&rxinictve. •
• r : ENTRANCE 0M GBMTM. \ 9
i
APVEBTISEMENTS.
OPERATIONS A FAD.
Public Gradually Awakens to the Fact.
The latest fad in operations ha3 been
the appendicitis . fad; before that the
fad for rectal operations (piles, etc.)
held sway. Hundreds of patients were
frightened and hurried into hospitals,
operated upon and robbed of their last
dollar, when the trouble was a simple
case of hemorrhoids or piles only, easily
cured at home with a simple remedy
costing but 50 cents a box.*
"I procured one 50-cent box of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure of my druggist, with the
intention of buying: a larger box later,
but was happily surprised when I found
that I was cured, and still have six
•pyramids' left out of the first and only
box. I have not had the least sign o£
piles since I used this one box, which
has been about tvro months; previous
to using Pyramid Pile Cure I had the
worst Kind of bleeding and protruding
piles for over thirty-one years, and no
one knows, except those who have had
the piles, the pain and misery I suf-
fered.
"I am a poor man, but have, often eaM
I would give a fortune, if I had it, to
be cured of the piles, and now I hava
been cured for 50 cents. I should bs
very ungrateful if I did not thank you
and ffive you every privilege to uaa my
name and this letter, whin I knovr
there are so many who suffer as I did.
J. A. Weismiller, 1100 Bladensburs
road, Washington. D. C."
The Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which they
will be giad to mail free to any ap-
plicant, and we advise ail sufferers
from this painful disease to write to
them Tor it.
EXPEST OPTICIAN.
HIGH PRAISE FROM ADMIRAL DEWEY. '
Who ujM G9crz<$ Mayerla's glasses at Manila ,
durins th» Spenish-American war. *nd is rtlll
v%\ng them with much satisfaction, highly rec-
ommends Air. George Mayerje. ar.d sends th»
following testimonial:
V.r. G«ors« Majerie, German Optical Insti-
tute. 1071 Market ?t.. S. F.-My Dear Sir: I
am Etil! using with much satisfaction .th»
glasses you sent me at Manila: ai*o. tht n*»w
onos suit tny'eycs perfect!".'. Yours r»ry truly,
GEOmSK DEWET.
OTTXCT, CKXX7 Or POLICE.
It gives me much pleasure 'to recommend to
the public Mr. George MayrU- o!T 1071 Mar-
ket sti-fft, Pan FTancisco. T have been u«injc
glasses fcr the past four years, and during that
tlrre hf»v<> consulted several optician*, but. not
until I consulted Mr. Georg? Mayerle anil
had him fit glasses to my» eye* aid I Bet entire
satisfaction. Most resp«rtrully.
J. H. AXDKRSOX.
Serjeant or rolu" 1 . San Franoisco.
G?er«e May?rle'« Glassra re-it and strengthen
tho ejc.«. relieve the strain; r>rcsen e the sisM.
Oeorare Ma.yerle'« r.TESLASS C&EA2T*
BBS Do 3fot Scratch tha Zieaiea.
16c. two for 25c.
G33OEQE lIAYEBI.F.'n ETEWATIE
Makes weak eyps strong:. .6or«> ej;s well.
Price 60c: by mail 62cJL.
5EOXQB aZATEKIiZ;,
Gevnian .Expert Optician,
1071 Market St., near Seventh.
BYX3S EXA3rTXSTED 7BEE.
Open evealnga until 9. Cnt this ont.
George Branch Mi*sinaj.
George Branch, a clerk in the United
States Naval Office, was reported, to
Coroner Leland yesterday morning as
missing since S o'clock last Friday
evening. At the time of hi3 disap
pearance Branch was an inmate of the
Berkeley Sanitarium, a sufferer from
heart disease. Mr. Arnold, his nurse,
who made the report, feared that he
might have died suddenly.
Exposition Special.
Ono of our $6.00 Trunks will be just
the thing to take with you to ths Expo
sition at £,t: Louis. Regular price of this
Trunfc.lv 59-50. A. . S,, Smith Co.. 13-'
Ellis at. .-;-;>.•-.: ?. .-••■ «
Brewing Company: Incorporates.
The California Brewing Company
was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of 5200,000. of which
5500 is subscribed. The directors are
Kd\s in Schwab, W. C. "VVebb, W. S.
Downing, Samuel Simmen and A. F.
Morrison.
Advertising mailing cards printed by Edw
S. Knovfta. 24 Second street. •
Will Give Party and Dance.
The members of the "Walttalla Social
Club will give a leap year party and
dance at Union Square Hall on Thurs
day evening, February 25;
• > ADVEBTISEMEUTSL '
• "" - \
Ribbons, Laces
FRENCH PRINTED CHALYS.
. This week we will snow our Spring importation of
NEW FRENCH CHALYS. The variety is veru ex-
tensive, including small and medium polka dots, fancu
stripes, small figures and floral designs. The goods
are from the hest manufacturer in France.
NEW RIBBONS.
Our new stock of FANCY and PLAIN RIBBONS
have just heen opened. The assortment is veru large
ani includes Taffeta Brocades, from one to six Inches
wide; Strips! Taffetas, all widths; Pompadour Rih-
hons, five and six Inches in width, and a most complete
stoGk of Fancu Wash Rihhons.
NEW LACES.
This weak we will exhibit an elegant varleto of
NEW LACES in Venice, Tenerlffe and Oriental All-
overs, with Galons, Bands and Edgings to match.
Full assortment or NEW WOOD FIBRE BANDS In Doth
hlack and cream, also a large shipment or NEW LACE
COLLARS in Venice and hand-made silk, also a great
variety of LACE STOCK COLLARS-
NEW EMBROIDERIES.
Our importation or FINE FRENCH EMBROIDERIES
for Spring 1904 Is now complete. Theu come In all
widths of Edginns and Insertlnos with AllOYers to
match. Th3 makes are Nainsook, Swiss and Camhrlc
We have also a large stock of Lace Trimmed Flounc-
ings and Fancy Emhroldsred Galons.
** , »
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
<J1, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
r'KOIOTIOX COMMITTEE
\V\IA* HAVE EXCURSION
MI Cities -South or San Francisco
."'Down '.iiy- Sh» T "Diego Will Cc
V teitcfl. by ; Jlcnibcrs.
The California" Promotion Commit
tee announces that an excursion will
lake place under the auspices of the
committee in the latter part of April,
[t is intended to take in all principal
cities along the coast south of San
Franciscoi going as far as fc'an Diego.
The- committee had two excursions
about a year ago, one through' the
Sacramento Valley and one through
the San Joaquin Valley. The excur
sionists obtained valuable information
regarding the resources of those re
gions and the people all along the line
greeted the men from San Francisco
in the most cordial and hospitable
manner.
It is the intention of the committee
to cover every portion of the State
With these excursions. After the one
now planned there will b* one to the
north coast counties, taking in all that
fertile region.
The excursion in April will be one
of. peculiar interest. It is believed
that prominent men in San Francisco
will take advantage of the opportun
itv. A special train as fine as can be
got un will be at the service of the
excursionists. .These trips are arrang
ed lor the committee to bring about
a co-operative spirit throughout the
State and arc. an important factor in
the State's development.
STVTE BANKERS' WILL
MEET IN LOS AXGELES
Invitation Accepted and Committee Is
Appointed to Prepare a Suitable
Pi'osrammc.
' The executive committee of the Cal
ifornia Bankers' Association has ac
cepted the invitation of the Los An
geles Clearing-house to hold the elev
enth convention of the association In
Los^An5ele3 on May 19. 20 and 21
next.
A circular letter has been issued in
which the members of the association
are notified of this decision. The rail
wavs have promised the delegates a
rate of one and one-third fare for the
round trip, the minimum number of
attendants. holding tickets to be fifty.
A special committee on programme
has been appointed to suggest for dis
cussion a series • of subjects of es
pecial interest to the bankers of Cal
ifornia and to solicit the contribution
of papers on such subjects from per
sons that are recognized as authori
ties.
Trapper's OH cures rtieunat'.srs and neuralfla.
Dmrsitts. 10c flask. Richard & Co.. 4W Clay."
Inspector of Company's Cars
A circular issued yesterday from
the office of General Manager Krutt
schnitt of the Southern Pacific Com
pany announces the appointment of
J. C. Sullivan to tb/i newly created po
sition of inspector of train service,
with headquarters in this city. Sulli
van will have supervision over all
coaches and dining cars belonging to^
the company in so far as their sani
tary and physical conditions are con
cerned and will report, direct to the
general manaser o.' the road.
■ • » -
The Russian-Japanese mar predictions
by.Mmf. Pevas. palmist and astrologist,
133 Post stMi^ve been substantiated. •
"Wish Many Improvements.
At a meeting of the TVcst Mission
Street Improvement Club last night a
committee, consisting of August Ro3r.
Neil Henry and John McCann. was
appointed to appear,before the Super
visors at . ttae next meeting and ursrc
the claims of that district. The prop
erty-owners arc anxious to make that
section a lively business center and
wish the co-operation of the city au
thorities. • - '
ADVEBTTSElffZlIT&.
♦<•■ ■■«« -
| Oriental Goods !
♦ At Wholesale Prices ♦
VTe dktx Ova Entire Xxtra 7Ia* Co> t
lection oX ♦
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
Discount f«rai reg-olar wtiU price* ',
, We are sol* agent* for
: JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
i ' ===== ;
[ChasJl. Plum &Co.
i^Cor. 9th and Market Sts.. :jt^
Iff Chocolates W j
| L Bonbons m I
j] Given Away Free
y with r
3 Teas, Coffees, Spices \
[I Baking Powder
| It Pays to
Trade at
| Great American Importing Tea Co's
3 Stores c
■I SSI MaxVe: 210 Grant ar. IC3 Pdk '
tj 110 Sixth lUSDerisadcro 70S Lukia
1 473 Haight 30C6 Sixteenth SIS Ifayes |
B SSSMiwioa 521 Monte"y *t«l 1 2 Market V
8 SOQS Fillmo;o Zolo Uizsion 144 NHth A
fl 386 Third l.TS> 34th . 4ff> Foarth Q
-A. Two Rings Free I
j£wB»f3*»-v We rt\X\ Kit- thssc Two WMD
fHU.lt -.AJ'l King* one »*t wit.T \ir&
vSSBCTKjBfle? »ad two Hnlliants t'fCt'.K to any o'H»
' that will sell 1« ot our «ot« f !.-»•«
•\»'<»Av'-/ K»«»nrle*I»r«M>ehe»,setwtthd.f-
an<» *o<is u* the S1.2O. >omo^7
JKjf4r^£i~i*igj\ u^ui hrtxx-hes are so!<i. « J
KL_- uke back aU not solil. %<MrewPages 33 to 44
DROPS CLAIMS
OF RADIUM ORE
Company Quickly Follows Call's
Story AVith Offer to Repay
Stockholders Their Money
LAKGE LUBBLE COLLAPSES
Aubury Kciterates That Con
cern Is a Fake and Talks
About Sending People to Jail
■' The California Radium Gold Mining
Company is going out of business. Th»»
people Lack of it have decided to aban
don the claim that radium is found in
th« ore produced by the company. Yes
•terday morning a statement -was made
in The Call that State Mineralogist
Aubury denounced the company and its
claim^cf having ore that carried radium
as a fake. After this statement ap
-.pearcd there was much excitement in
the office of the California Radium
Gold Mining Company. A representa
tive of the company went to the offices
of the State Mineralogist in the ferry
building. Later in the day Stuart Ar
mour sent a typewritten communica
tion to The Call, the important part of
which is published.
Incidentally the representation was
made to this paper that Aubury denied
that he had ever caid that he had de
nounced the Radium Gold Mining Com
pany as a fake. A representative of the
company said that Aubury had given it
a. letter in which he denied that he had
made anv statement to the effect that
the concern was a fake.
This raised a square issue of veracity.
There was no question that Aubury
did say to a representative of The Call
just $vhat was published yesterday
morning derogatory to the company, so
the State Mineralogist was asked
t\ hether he had written a letter for the
irtadium Gold Mining Company saying
that the company was not a fake. At
once and v.ith some warmth Aubury
denied that he had ever written any
such letter. "It is a fake," he again
said.
MAY GLTT MONEY BACK.
When the State Mineralogist was in
formed that in a letter addressed to
The Call Stuart Annour had asserted
that the company had decided to reor
ganize under a more appropriate name,
that it had offered to refund to its
stockholders the money paid in for
their stock and that it had abandoned
the claim that radium is found in its
ore, he raid that it was well that the
company reorganize and refund; that if
the money was not refunded he would
collect evidence for presentation to the
Postal Department of the United States
that "might result in sending parties
connected with the California Radium
Gold Mining Company to Jail.
The oersons who invested their
money In stock of the California Ra
dium Gold Mining Company, according
to the text of Mr. Armour's letter, may
•now go to the company's offices and
get it back. The explanation that the
company makes of its large advertise
ments, in which the public was eagerly
advised to Invest and wherein the cir
c umstantlal statement was made that
••while It takes eight tons of the Euro
pean ore to produce one gram of ra
dium. It Is possible to produce the same
amount of radium from a few ounces
of the Marlposa County ore'"— Is that it
%ves led to believe tso by a chemist.
Just when the company decided to
abandon Its claim of owning ore In
Marlposa County from a few ounces of
which radium could be produced is not
made public. But no announcement of
i elinquishment of the claim was made
until The Call yesterday published the
straightforward statements of the State
Mineralogist. In s is interview Aubury
said:
"I will take all possible means to
Ti-arn the public that this is a fake, and
hope that the admonition will be widely
read for the credit of the State. There
is no radium in the Fitch mine ore. The
company that Is back of the advertis
ing Is trading on the spark of light
that the ore shows. It Is all a fake."
The vital portion of the letter that
has been sent to this office by the com
pany Is as follows:
NO RADIUM KXISTS.
"SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 20. 1304
"To the Editor: Will you kindly pub
lish the fact that the California Ra
dium Gold Mining Company no longer
claims that radium is found in its ore.
It was led originally to believe that
fucIi was the case by the report of a
chemist who had been experimenting
with the ore and who exhibited what
he stated was salts of radium in a
« crtain stage of reduction. Other chem
ists have made and still make similar
claims but in view of the positive
opinions of Sir William Ramsay. Pro
fessor Kakle, Professor Lewis and other
eminent authorities to the contrary the
company is unwilling to assume the
risk of misleading prospective inves
torr. It has already offered to refund
to stockholders the money paid for
their etnek and lias decided to reor
ganize the company under a more ap
propriate corporate name."
Last evening Mineralogist Aubury
said that while no radium has been
fuund in California, he is not prepared
to say that none will be found. Pro
fessor Eakle of the University of Cali
fornia has sent letters to prospectors
throughout the State, asking that sam
ples of ore showing possible Indications
of the presence of radium be forwarded
to him for examination. Ores may yet
be found in California, says Mr. Au
bury. from which 'radium can be pro
duced.
Special Kates for the Citrus Fair,
Clovcj-dale. , '
Th« California Northuottem Hallway. Is now
»c"linctlcVrt» at one fare for the round trip,
rood coicc Saturday. Sunday and Wocday. with
frturr? lluiit Fehruary 20. Tlcket>*at C00
Jtiikct tirect and Tita-nn ferrv.
YOUTHFUL THIEVES FALL
INTO HANDS OF A POSSE
Young Woman, Minister, Detective and Citizens. Capture
Boys as They Leave Residence They Had Plundered.
One of Lads Admitted by Surgeons to Be a Kleptomaniac
TWO YOUNG PORCH CLIMBERS, WHO WERE CAPTURED IN ALA
MEDA YESTERDAY MORNING AFTER AN EXCITJ^'G CHASE
FOLLOWING THE ROBBERY OF M. M. SHELDON'S RESIDENCE.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 20. — Harry Knox
and Ernest Schultz, boy porch climb
ers and petty thisves. were captured
this morning after an exciting chase,
In which Miss Gazella Kower, Rev.
Gilman Parker. Hairy V. Parratt and
Detective George H. Brown partici
pated. It was Mies Kower who -ob
served the lads scaling veranda posts
and forcins windows in the residence
of M. M. Sheldon, 2202 San Antonio
avenue, adjoining her own home. No
members of the Sheldon family were
in the domicile, being absent at Chlco.
After young Knox had ransacked the
residence he attempted to depart' by
the front door, but was. confronted by
Miss Kower, who grasped the Juvenile
porch climber by the collar and called
to Harry V. Parratt, who- was pass
ing, to take her captive to the City
Prison, While the latter Vas perform
ing this duty Knox broke away and
started to run. Parratt, who is a large,
fat mar., sped after the fleeing boy,
and Just as he was about to lay hands
on the runaway youth he tripped and
both went down together, the lad be
neath. The fall took the wind. out of
Knox and the dignity out of Parratt.
While the man with the adipose was
recovering his equilibrium Knox again
took to his feet and disappeared. Later
he visited the police station, to answer
to a charge- of discharging an air gun
within the city limits, which was pre
ferred against him yesterday, and he
was immediately taken into custody on
the more serious charge.,--'".
While Knox and Parratt were run
ning and falling Scliultz climbed a rear
fence on the Sheldon premises, >and
was pursued by the Rev* Gilman.'Par
ker and others, whose attention had
been attracted. He was finally caught
by Detective George H. Brown, and,
with Knox. is now detained- In the City
Prison. The. lads probably will ; ' be
turned over to the Juvenile Court.
Knox Is the son of Sv. C. Knox . of
3247 Sacramento street, San Francisco.
•The family formerly resided here in
the Sheldon house. The, boy is J3
years of age and Is regarded as a klep
tomaniac and an incorrigible._ He came
here Thursday from Sari . Francisco
with Schultz, both being, armed -with
air guns and bent on hunting Japanese
warriors. Schultz is H years ioO age,
and his home is at 1910 Baker street;
San Francisco. He affirmsthat he was
until recently an attendant at < the ;Pa
clflc Heights School and that. Knox at
tended the Madison School./
Knox has been in .trouble; with. the
police here before. /He' was once ; ar
rested lor tapping a .bakery till, arid
another time for entering a Japanese
hut and stealing, a gold 'watch/
Some years ago young Knox -under-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, '"[ 1904.
went a trephining operation at the
County Infirmary. Doctors held that
the lad's mania for stealing was" due
to a pressure on the brain, and the op
eration was performed in the hope that
it would reform him.
Knox stated Jn the City Prison to
day that he entered the Sheldon house
to find a bucksaw he had left there
three years ago, when his family oc
cupied the place.
SEXDS A VALENTINE :
■ • . . THAT BRINGS TROUBLE
Miss Agnes McCartney Has Chris An
derson Arrested on a Charge of
. Threats Against Life.
Chris Anderson, a laborer, 20 years
of age; was arrested yesterday on a
warrant sworn to before Police Judge
Mogan charging him with threats
against life. The complaining witness
is Miss Agnes McCartney, 17 years of
age, who is employed in dye works
on Tenth street,, near Mission.
Anderson lives on Mission street
and from the window, of his room he
can look into the- dye -works. Miss
McCartney says that Anderson had
been 'making "goo-goo" eyes at her
and had met her. two or three times.
On -the evening of February 13, she
claims, lie gave her a package and
told her' not to open It till she got
home, but her curiosity was aroused
and she opened It ir» the . presence of
a girl friend. It contained a most of
fensive picture- and next 1 day, when
she remonstrated with • him," she al
leges that . he . said he . would "shoot
her eye out." ;
Since then, she claims,. Anderson
has walked past . the window, .where
he could sec 'her. .* She! claims he "had
a revolver in his'hahd and" pointed It
at her eye and then ;it her .'heart, as
if indicating how he would shoot' her.
No Decision in Mahpny Case.
; When the case of Albert B. Mahony,
ex-County Clerk," -'charged .with pre
senting a false .and;: fraudulent claim
for allowance .to-'the 'Auditor,' was
called 1 - in Jud£e .Cook's :court' yester
day " the "Judge/, said^ lie | was /not j yet
ready to render ;' his > decision* on ; the
defendant's-motionUo set aside the >in
dictrnent. ; ,' A . parallel case, he V said,
had ; beVriv decided Seattle -a few
days • ago ; and he/watited , to < examine
the! authorities on which that'decision
was -based... r, >?:.;;; ''■''. ''-". : :"-
Own "pne^of Bengiiiat's Rugs.
. : '^cnguiat'&: Son /will- for ; a few days
offer > the jrernainder."of ■ :" thejr v immense
and'inte'resUrig' rug collection; at -s private
salel- The, nigs will remain bnl.exhibltion
in the* Marble and ' Maple ; rooms ,ot ? the
Palace Hotel. Tf you contemplate fltting
up a homeior.if, you need a single rogr be
nurn to »*« them.* <—■ '■' r '\' ' ' *r ** '■' '• • .• :
PLACES BLAME
ON HIS SPOUSE
Charles Ecrg, in -Cross-Com
plaint . in , *Di Yorcb , Accuses
AVife of , Disturbing Peace
SAYS 11E IS: EINE HUSBAXB
Avers That Since 'His; :3far
riagc He Has Been Martyr
to Her Abuse and RcVilinss
Charles Berg, who Is being sued for
divorce oiv the ground of cruelty by
Caroline Berg, answered ) his wife's
complaint yesterday with a general de
nial of the charges of cruelty she pre
ferred against him, and by.,v;ay of
cross-complaint? accused, her; of being
the disturber of -the peace in the. berg
household. He asks the court :■ to ' deny
her prayer for divorce and to grant the
decree to him; ■: • ' . «rr- t
Mrs. Berg accused her husband of
dousing her with cold water and with
striking, her while she was asleep. She
also charged that he was' not over par
ticular about the language he used, and
frequently called her names that hurt
her feelings and caused her great men
tal agony: Berg says there is not a
word of truth in the allegations of his
wife, and * avers that he has always
been a good, kind,' faithful, loving, in
dulgent and dutiful husband. He says
he hay been' everything that the best of
husbands should be, 1 notwithstanding
that ever since his marriage he. has
been tortured, tantalized; abused, cursed
and reviled by his wife.
CHAIR AS WEAPON*.
He charges that she had no hesitancy
in insulting his mother, and -tried to
compel him' to welcome to his home
her aunt, who, Berg says, is too fond
of liquor to. suit him. He also charges
that Mrs. Berg hit him : on the head
with a chair with such force that he
lost considerable skin and hair and was
scarred and disfigured, for a period of
three weeks. She even spat in his face,
he avers, and once when he was con
valescing from a severe sickness she re
fused, to get him. his medicine, with
the result that he suffered arelapse.
Judge Hcbbard made an order, yes
terday giving to Mary Deqves the cus
tody of little Fred V. Kiphen, who has
been Jn the care of his 'father, .Walter
V. Kiphen, from whom. \ his ';' mother,
Mrs. Deevcs, secured a' divorce four
yeari J agd:iTha">ord«iSjvasTn»de by the
court : baeause,the lad- looked as though
he needed the care of a woman. ' .
HippolytUs Laesola Amador Eca' da
Silva wants^a divorce from Yamci Kin
Eca da Silva 'on 'the ground of deser
tion. They were married at Yokohama,
Japan, in November, 1894, and have one
child, the custody of whom the plaintiff
asks the court " to award to the de
fendant.
DESERTION IS CHARGED.
Julia A. Boren, who was married to
"WV C. Boren at Colfax. Wash., thirty
two years ago. is seeking a divorce on
the ground of desertion. She alleges
that her husband deserted her in Feb
ruary, 1903. Desertion is also charged
in the suits brought by Charles Davis
against Minnie Davis. Theresa Cline
(nee McLellen) against Edward Cline
and T. G.Nicklln. a gainst Julia May
Nicklin. ' ..'-'. v '■
Cruelty is -.the ground upon which
Julia Sennais suing Joaquin Senna for
divorce. She says he is intemperate and
once struck her arid knocked out one
of herrte£th. They were . married at
New Bedford, Mass.,' : in 1896. Cruelty is
also alleged in the , suit brought J by
Charlotte.Rae against -Alexander Rae.
She says he has frequently threatened
her life and severely beaten her. , They
were married in Scotland, in 1893.
NATIVE SONS .CLAMOR
FOR . JIARTI N S SCALP
Some Members • of - the "Order Say
Apathy^of • Grahd-: Treasurer
Caused Lunstedt's Fall.
. The indications ;are that at- the next
session of the Grand '.Parlor of the Na
tive Sons of- the Golden West,-. to be
held in' Vallejo in April, a strong effort
will be made.-to defeat Henry. S.. Martin
of Stanford ! Parlor for the office of
grand , treasurer -of the organization.
The opposition allege that he was neg
ligent, in the. matter of the payment of
the if unds toj him '. by . G rand Secretary
Lunsteclt. .- - • . . -
Be that as j it may, there arc candi
dates in !the field' to /take away from
"our Henry! 1 the honors he lias held for
so many. ; years. One : of these), who has
Issued a circular to the delegates, to the
Grand ' Parlor, is John -E. McDougald,
City, and* County Treasurer, ', a charter
member,, of . California Parlor, No. , 1/ He
asks support on 'the grounds', that he
has" been ' 'in ■' a t . position .to . know
the', duties 'of " a' 'r treasurer,-' that "he
has been a membeivJof.C41ifomia Par
lor twenty* nine years,- and* that'dur
ing ; that time> has.bcen > present at the
installation of . flfty.-eight presidents the
parlor, has had and- has personally con
gratulated each. : ; .; ; • ■ ■ • ( , •■ .• ■,,. • ■ - , ;
Another •, Is -H. -■ C^Pasquale
of^thls"clty, a memberipf'GbldentGate
Parlor,? who, for ' s many ; years has been
iheiitreasurer.iof .■ liis- parlor and ; the
treasurer ' of v thc ". Sant'.Fx'ahclsco ;bpard
'of ."relief. 'of -the order.-; -'-^ -'-.' ; . '/-.
Ma'rtfn^willb.e^ut^forthiby/Stanford
Parlor ■ as a candidate !for /v re^electi6n. as
a^yindjeation 'of his'/ course the
longtime helhas'beeniin^offlce..* : : J;
Eppingcr,- Cases ;Contlnuetl.
The-* cases » of-'Jacob - and'- Herman
Epplhger.--''; charged* .'with"v o_btaininp
money by,' false were -, called
In : Judge Lawior's court : yesterday^ f o'ij
judgment*' on' the motion . ; of - the, de
fendantaw toVsat. aside :the;Jnd|ctmcnt:
As the ?JudgeCwa8 not- ready to render
lils". decision »the '-cases- were continued
,till i March ; _5.-X- -^i. vU. .'
SILVER DICK IS THE STAR
PERFORMER AT DEL MONTE
Walter Hobart's Ghampion Pony Cleverly Wins Both His Starts.
Carolan's .Fusillade Easily Wins the. Seven-Furlong Event
First Day's Meet ' of Little Horses Furnishes Exciting Sport
FAMOUS IMPORTED PONT; ONE OF THE BKST BRED RUNNERS IN THE COUNTRY. AND HIS OWNER
AND RIDEK, .WHO. PILOTED HIM TO VICTORY IN THE THREE-QUARTER-MILE EVENT AT DEL
MONTE YESTERDAY. • ~ ' •
DEL MONTE, Feb. 20. — Walter S.
Hobart's Silver. Dick, king .of .the
quarter horses of two- continents, de
fended his title nobly this : afternoon at
the inaugural meeting of the California
Polo and Pony Racing Association.
Cleverly ridden .. by Lawrence ,Mc-
Creery, he won both his starts, in. the
first- breezing in arid in the second
willing by a nose. . ..
Sliver Dick and Becky were known
to be the class of the "ponies in ,the
first 'race, /and all ..the others were
scared out. The "betting., throughout
was slightly in favor of Silver . Dick,
who was installed' an 8 to '10 favorite.
Lawrence McCreery. who proved the
cleverest gentleman' rider of the day,
sported the : colors . of Walter Hobart,
red with maltese crop. R. M. Tobin
wore the colors of Rudolph Spreckels
on Becky, cerise, with green fleur de lis.
Silver Dick showed. the manners of a
perfect gentleman' at- the" post, being
as easily handled as a Shetland pony.
There was one. false start and then the
two great ponies were sent on their
journey. 'Dick outbroke Becky at the
start and won. under restraint by two
lengths. After the race Mr. To|jin said
he did not knowifwas a start, owing
to . the confusing . orders of the , star ter,
and that he threw "Becky out of her
stride whan. he finally'got away. ....
. Silver Dick nearly met with a reverse
in • his next start, over aS distance of
three-sixteenths of a mile. With F. J.
Cardan's chestnut • mare Bonnie he
raced out in front j of the field of five.
All the way through the stretch they
ran like a double .team: ' As they ap
proached the'.wire Mr. ■ McCreery drew
his .whip Vand .■Siiver]Dick;re^iwnd£!d
gamely. Mr. Carolan rceased his urging
jpf Bonnie' Just for 'aV instant,' and 'i>ick
gained 'a nose decision. \ - ; > \{ /; -.
- Rudolph n Spreckels' 'x beautiful . mare
Becky reinstated' herself in public favor
by gainingi a /'popular. victory^ in " the last
race on the Vardly'she" seemed \ much ' Im
proved i by/the ' race : she t ran .earlier, in
the day and^covere'dthe quartcr^mile'ih
the fastest, time of the. meeting. f She
was away. well and held her field safe
throughout,-, 'winning by two .• open
length's from Carlotta.. . . y- \ '•'. » -
F.' J. Carolan's Fusillade, 1 the. diminu^
tlve ' scion of "'a' nobleVlf kmily. 'made '.'a
show, of ; his : fleid'fin' the} three-quarter
mile race! : Ridden by^Mr. who
was eleven '* pounds over hjs allotted
weight, he won In' a common -canter.
Lawrence McCreery laid. too far, out'.of
it with Lotrix in the early, "part of the
journey. He had too much ground to
make up when the stretch was reached
and finished j a poor, second.
Fusillade is one of. the be3t bred po
nies living. He-is by St. Leger out of
Fusee St. Leger, was sired by the noted
Doncaster, which also' sired Ben d'Or;
the latter: sired Ormonde, the horse of
thecenturyl , Fusee, the dam of Fusil
lade,, was by the' famous Australian
horse Carbine. Summary:
- Del Mont? pony race — Fire* race, one-quarter
of a trite — W. S. Hobart's Silver Dick (L.. Mc-
Creery). fCon; Rudolph Spreckels* Becky <R. M.
Tobin), second. Only starters. . Time. 25 »ec
onds. Bettini, Silver Dick, 8 to 10 favorite.
Paris xnutuels paid $7O.».
' Second race, three-eighths of a mile — "W. E.
Pedley's Carlotta (F. W. - W!lson>, won: Paul
ClaRstene's M!sa Miller (P. Cl&gston«), second:
R. b'preckals' Joyful iB. Williams), left. Time.
37Vi seconds.' Bettinr. Miss Miller, 1 to 2 fa
vorite. -Paris mutuela cay S173O.
• Third race, one-half mile — I* McCreery's
Lucy Glitters. (t«. McCreery), won: R. and "W.
McCreery's Sunset .( R. .McCreeTy). second; Dr.
E. J. KoeseUe's Sadie (F. W. Wilson), third.
Tim«, KMi seconds.. 'Fretful also ran. Uettta*.
Lucy Glitters, 8 to 10 favorite. Paris mutnels
pay $SS5. ' • -
Fourth race, three-sixteenths of a mile — TV.
53. Hobart' a Silver Dick CU McCreery). won:
F. J. Carolan's Bonnie (F. J. Carolan). second:
R. and W. McCreery's Vitesse (R. McCreery).
third. . Time, • 19 seconds. Maud II and Pat
also ran. Betttnr, Silver Dick. 3 to 10 favor
ite. Paris mutuels pay $650..
Fifth race. three-Quarters of a mile — F. J.
Carolan's Fusillade (F.' J.' Carolan). won; R.
Kpreckels' .Lotrix . (L. !JcCreery>. . second; Dr.
E. J. Boeseke's Lucille (F. W. Wilson), third.
Time. 1:25. Pechome alto .ran. . Betting-. Fu
sillade. S to 10 favorite. Paris mutuels pay
*635. . :
•Sixth race,- a quarter of a mile — Hadolph
Spreckels' Eccky. (J». M.. Tobin), won; W. E.
Pedtey's Carlotta <T. W. Wilson), second: F.
J. Cardan's Florodora (F. J. .Carolan). third.
Tin*?. :24Vi. ' Miss Miller also tan. Bettln*.
Miss Miller, 7. to' 10 favorite. , Paris mutueLs
pay $740. -- '
Paul Clagstone's- Miss Miller, the
Seattle mare of \?hlch so much was
expected, proved a disappointment. She
was fractious at the post in the second
race and delayed the. start. When
Starter Cody finally sent the field away,
Mr; Gladstone, « who - rode ."Miss Miller,
was'so tired'be could not do her justice.
She finished second. to Carlotta. In her
next ? start her * rider dismounted after
•she'.liad fought with him for some time.
• v ' LaVren.ee "•; McCreery, \ on Lucy Glit
tera. outfinished his brother "Walter, on
Sunset, in the third race, winning by a
nose. The 1 remainder of the field was
beaten' off. • •
■The 'meeting was a brilliant success
In^ every particular. 'The track ap
pointments,"under: the direction of Rob
ert Lefghtori,, the \ clever-' racing secre
tary, 'arid clcrk^of- the. scales, were a
du'plicate/of' those f to be seen on any
up-to-date; metropolitan course. Gen
eral..'A.<TV\ Barrett, as presiding judge,
filled every ' requirement. Thomas A.
Driacil was paddock judge and clerk
of course^ and had the horses ready
to rile i out of. the saddling paddock at
thesouhd of the^busle. The. riders all
sported ."new, silken colprs,' which added
ptcturesq'ueness .to the scene.
'.*; The 'races were run under the bluest
Pages 33 to 44
of blue skies and attracted a large at
tendance o? fashionables and of the
people of the countryside.
ASKS TRAFFIC AGENTS
TO MEET IX THIS CITY
State Board of Trade Extends Imita
tion to Hold Association's >*ext
Convention Here.
The Pacific Coast Association of
Traffic Agents held its annual meeting
and banquet at Ashland, Or., yester
day. This body of railroad men has
a membership of about 300 and is
composed of the traffic officials, both
freight and passenger, representing tht»
various railroads in the United States.
It has held its annual meetings at
Ashland for the last two or three
years, as the members are located
from Seattle to Los Angele3 and they
have considered Ashland a sort of
middle way meeting point. Mr.
Fletcher, who is a member of this Pa
cific Coast Association of Traffic
Agents and who has attended their
previous' meetings and Is personally
known to all of them, sent Jay W.
Adams, the president, the following
telegram as- secretary of the California
State Board of Trade:
Accept the best wtsh«« of the California
State fio*<d of Trade for an enjoyable anil
successful m«etlsy. We extend a most corJial
invitation to your association to hold it» next
annual meetlr.x in San Francisco. /
It will be a good thing for San Fran
cisco and the State of California as
well if this invitation is accepted.
Would Dissolve Partnership.
Two suits for a dissolution of part
nership were filed yesterda*. One is
by Abraham Sweat against K*rry
Markovltz and the other by Arthur
Prlddle against Thomas Croke. Sweat
claims that Markovltz has taken $300
more than he isentitled to from their
livery business at 1123 Mission street,
and Priddle claims Thomas F. Crokc
is taking more than his share of the
profits of their contractins business.
Struck by an Engine.
Joe Eviade, a Mexican, residing at
San Mateo, fell asleep on the railroad
track near his home yesterday and
was struck by a locomotive. He was
carried back to this city, where it was
found that his injuries were very
slight, he having escaped with a lace
ration of the scalp and a few bruises.
G. H. Mnmm & Co. Ajraln Head the
l.i>l <>f Cliampus:nc Importiition-.
Custom-house statistics Just issned show
that 121,:&9 cases of G. II. Mumm's cham
pagne were Imported during the year 1003. Tlr.s
represents'' about one-third of alt the chani
pasne brocght' into the -CnitPd State*. • anrt i*
greater by nearly 20. 00U cases -(one quarter o:
a million bottles) than the importation* oX any
otber bra lid.34
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, DIAMOND AND TENNIS COURT
HORATIUS TAKES HANDICAP,
BEATING GOLD MONEY A HEAD
Jennings' Mare Is
Heavily Played
at 6 to S-
Ingleside track is now a thing of the
past as far as the present racing eea
son Is concerned. The feature event
of the closing day was a 51000 handi
cap over a mile, for which Gold
Money, the crack mare from the stable
of Walter Jennings, had a command
ing call in the betting. Horatius,
Kenllworth and Jockey Club were also
numbered among the starters, but
Gold Honey, with her 111 pounds.
Btruck the fancy of the big half-holi
day gathering until at post call 6 to 5
was the market quotation. So, when
Haratius, ridden by J. T. Sheehan,
dropped from tha clouds and beat the
favorite a head on the wire, it does not
require a vivid imagination to picture
the astonishment and grief wrought
by the bay horse's victory. Kenil
wertn did the best he could with his
117 pounds, cutting out the pace for
nearly three-quarters of the route,
with Martin, on Gold Money, sis his
close traveling companion. Down the
back stretch Horatius, which had met
corns Interference on the clubhouse
turn, was last of tha field. Before
making the bend for home Martin had
taken the leading position from Kenil
•worth, and, as Jockey Club was being
urged by Tommy Burns, everything
augured well for the Jennings entry.
Many contend that Jack Martin grew
overconfident with the race apparently
won. failing to perceive Horatius in his
winning rush. At any rate, Horatius
arrived in time to receive a head decl
fion over the favorite In 1:40^. Jockey
Club was third.
While not at its best, the track was in
good condition. Favorites appeared to
more advantage than for some days
past, four of six purses going to short
priced ones.
Fcr lack of better material Quiz II,
from the McCafferty stable, was in
stalled favorite for the introductory
Eprint u odds of 8 to 5. It was figured
that Bonner might outride the other
boys, but the best he could do was to
finish third. Dr. Sherman, the second
choice, -well ridden by Buxton, led
Pruewood out half a length. The lat
ter would have won at a trifle longer
distance.
Harry Stover's colt George P. Mc-
Near made his field look like 30 cents
In the two-year-old scramble, at throe
and a half furlonps. The big son of
Torso went to the post a 6 to 5 favor
ite, wirh fie<? in the saddle, and won
under restraint from the head of the
stretch. Tar Baby, which came in for
considerable support at 20 to 1, led
Dixelle, the second choice, out for place
honors. Kdith Vice ran a wretched
race.
There was a. very scaly look about
ADVEHTISZMENTS.
..I CURE..
_•- ,
I^ht L-tdisg £p«ti*'.iit. - '.
DR. O. O. JOSLEN. I
Contracted Disorders. §
The proffTMs in th? study of con-
tracted disorders In the past few years
baa rMtulted In advanced methods of
eeeurtr.tr permanent results. In my
-practice 1 use.f:«-cial rr^theda of irri-
• cation, ar.d a of my own
devising fur Installations that cure .
gonorrhoea PEKMANEN7L.T . In from
3 to 10 Czyr. I make frequent' inwr*<?- '
tions of th* canal by ir.-ans of a • .null
electric Itsht, v .-.,.>. enablrs me to ere
- and to trm; *-ach lnfi»rr.pd part wj|>a-
ratdy. sr.d I ;. .-r. >.>■• • :.r >■> i to chom* -
lh». fat lent hiir.self the. t-onUit Ions that
actually 'cxi«R. • Following my treat- 4
wpnt there ar<» no evil aft«r^«»suHs.
Th*re \r, nd ftrlc'vre to f«>er," not the
6liEhtcrt char.i:-^ of a chronic condltlcs
<«irn«lr-jff called fc!e«-tv b'Jt th^re is
COMPLICTE 1 -allr.s of the Inflamed
and polroned t'rrsen. Never use harsh
injections or dra^tl^ internal remedies
to stop thf? dinchkrue, for ir you do it
it certain that in the future you will
find your *tate tven-e than ever.. I
fu»r»r.t« j-o-J a -PERFECT CURE.
WEAK t% ESS.
jj XVhat is commonly termed functional
}} m-eakne«» is mere!*' a «ymptom of pros-'
'*• tatlc diBorder. 'To stimulate activity
|j by-tli« use of ooirerfuJ tcr.ir? is «•>
m »^a»y matter,' tut such results are
U merely temporary dros effect*. Most
(|- doctors treit -weaknea* In this rr.an-
rj r.er brcause .they do net know how, to
K cure - the real cause of the derange*
I j went. I am the only physician em- '
H ],!';.:::? fri'c'!".r and cmocessful meth-
B C °^ J vre no tonic*. at all.. Mr
{•j treatment is a locil one entirely, and
I j corrects every abnormal condition ot
E that vital center, the prostate eland.
Eg My cures are real cures and are per-
il man en t.
K j 2^7 lees are fair; ny cores I
• ; I ere permanent, asd yon cam I •
P I pcy wbea satisfied that yon I
I 1 I are really sound and well. - I
P Varleocele, Piles, Stricture and Bpe-
f] cific Blood Tolson are also numbered
Ijj amonc lh« diseases I cwre. Send fcr
£1 my pamphlet. "Live All Your Tears a'
(I Man."
J* It 1» free, and «o are consultation
p and advice, either at office or by maU. •'
I DR. 0. C. JOSLEIM
[| Cor. Market aad Ecarny Streets.
1* Prlrate Entrance. 702 Market BC'\ *
|| Office Hours — Week days. 9 a. m. to •
r: p. m.; Snadays. 9 a. o. to 1 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
HTQI.ESIDI! SACETBACK — SATURDAY. Feb. 20. — Weather fine. Track good.
QUO. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St . M . %~! %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6100 Dr. Sherman. 6 (M. White).. 103! 4 ... 52 63 3 2H1 14 Buxton 18-5 7-2
(C0C3) Pruewood. C (J. McAlester) . . 101 7 ... 7 7 0 3 2 n Travera ... 8 8
607S jQniz II. 6 (C. McCafferty)... 10s 3" ...- 2 1 2 1 '2'1 3 3 * Bonner .... 8-5 2
K>«0 [Lou CHeveden. a (McDowell). 100 2 ... C 3 4 n -5 V, 4 2 J. T. Shehn 7 8
61OO Batidor. 4 (W. P. Fine) 107 1 ... 4 h 8 1 4 % 5 h McHannon 20 20
6078 Eeyp. Princess, « (I.O'Rourke) 101. 5 ... 1 H',1 2^,1 n 6 5 Gruwell ... 8 IB
60S0 Goddess of Xight. C (Parks). 10C| 6 .". : 3 h '5 h 7. 7 Sherwood . 0 6
Time— :25. :S0%. l:09>i. At post 14 minute. Off at 2:044. ■ Sherman, place, 1; show. 1-2.
Pruewood. place, 3; show. 3-2. Quiz, ehow 2-5 Winner b. g. by Gorman-Dolly.
Trained by M. L. White. Scratched — Skip Me, Theodora L "• Adncr. Sue Johnson. Start
• good. Won tn a hard drlre of three. Winner best. Pruewood closed very strong and
would have won at a longer route. Quiz not at his best. Batidor cut off a furlong from
'^rlre. _ _^g>'P t £ a j > _ Princess ran out an. stretch turn. Goddess of Night can do better.
6111. SECOND RACE— Three and a half f»rlongs; purse; maiden 2-yr.-olds; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . '4. ?». Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C0T.9 [George P. McNear (H. Stover) 109 4 15-17 1 4 U See C-5 6-5
60S7 JTar Baby <San Joaquin Sta.) 106 1 2 U 2 2 2 -?i Knapp 20 20
CS2:: jDlxelle (A. T. Dobson) 106 5 Ch 4n 3 1% J Daly 5-2 12-5
jSan Jose (Summers & Co.)... 113 6 7 :* « 3 4 1 J. T. Shehn 20 50
5991 Miss Claude (Hamilton Stable) IOC 8 32 32 5 2 nonner .... 20 20
C0S1 Miss Tonopah CWashon Sta.). 107 2 5 2 5 >4 fi 6 McHannon 50 150
6075 Oncnduluni (Mrs. Miller) 1001 7 4 n " 4" 7 4 C Kelly... 60 100
: C075 !EdIth Vice (P. Hlldreth) llpj 3 ... ... S 8.8 J." Martin.. 7,2 21-5
Time — :£5. :43. At poet 2'i minutes. Off at 2:30>-i. McNear. place. 1-2; show. 1-5. Baby,
place. 8; show. 5-2. Dlxelle. show." 1-2. Winner, b. c. by Torso-Clara Wilson. Trained
by H. Stover. Start fair. Won pulling up. Next two driving hard. Winner Is a fast
colt: was under restraint from head of stretch. Tar Baby was- played. Dixelle a slow
San J'ose has speed. Miss Tonopah quit, fedlth Vice ran a poor race.
0112. THIRD RACE— One nnd an eighth miles; gelling; 4-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWt St. U- Vi- ?«• Str. Fin. - Jockey. Op] Cl7
6091 F. Woods,, a (Garden City S.flll] 146 464 4 3nlh J. Martin.. 2 8-5
60C7 Mr. Dingle. 4 (E. Tierney). . 100 5 31 3n 3 2 21 23 Roach 4 5
CC90 Coristellator. a (Keating) 10C 4 13 1 2^1 2'il n 3 l'i Gruwell ... 8 9
6091 Expedient, a (P. E. Smith).. 107 2 5 5 5 5 4 1»4 J. T. Shehn 6 S
C971 The Fretter. a (F. O'Rourke). llOJ 3 2 1^2 2 2 2 5 * See 16-5 3
Time— :24V4. ':49 J .4. 1:1«H. 1:42H. 1:5C. At post v, minute. Off at 2:53^ Woods, place,
3-5; show t out. Dingle, place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Ccnstellator, show. 6-5. Winner,
b. g. by Gano-Aunt Betsy. Trained by J. W. Donothan. Scratched-kChlckadee. Start
good. "Won In a drive of two. Third stopping. Martin on winner outflnished Roach
at the close. Too far for Constellator. still with a more • experienced rider up ho
might have won. This trip Sheehan let Expedient fall out of the runnlns a block. Tha
Fretter has lost all form. « ' l
0113. FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $S00.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . i£T »;. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CK
6041 [Horatius. 4 (J. J. McAlester) 102 47 7 5^53 lhJ. T Shehn 5 11-2
(59C2)'Gold Money. 4 (Jennings). .. Ill 1 2 1%2 2'£1 n 11^2 5 J. Martin.. 7-!> 6-5
6077 Jockey Club 4 CW. Fisher).. 106 B 3 % 3 1^3 1 4 h 3 n Burns r> 7
fC0T7)lKenilworth, 6 fH. Stover) 117 3 In lh 2 2U2 1U4 3 .See 5 13-2
(61)79) Celebrant. 3 (Hamilton Sta.) 05 7 4 1^4 % 4 4 *3 n *5 4 Bonner.... 6 !»
C041 O'Hagen. 5 (Mrs. Bender) 100 6 5 h 5 1 ii0 n 7 fin Ollphant .. 20 40
B0S9 Esherin. 4 (J. F. Schorr) 04| 2 6 2146 n 7 6 ?4 7 Reed'. 15 .10
Time — :25i;. :494. 1:15. 1:40%. At post 3 '^ minutes. Off at 3:26. Horatius. place, 9-5;
show. 4-5. Money, place. 3-5; show. 1-3. Jockey Club, show. 4-5.- Winner, b. h. by
O-ld Fellow-Kinda, Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start good.- Won In a very hard drive
of two. Balance driving.' After racing Kenilworth to a standstill Gold Money 'looked
all over a winner. Martin then may have grown overconfident. At any rate. Horatius'
came from the far rear, getting the decision. Jockey Club could not s get up. Celebrant
outclassed. . . .
C114. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. 1
Index! Horse and Owner. UVtISt. V* • W- 1*- Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
60.12 fWblsken 5 (R Wilson) 1100] 5 6 3 5 n 63 2^12 Travers ... 13-8 11-5
W74 'Gold Finder, a <T.FItzgera!d)llO2| 4 4 «i 4 itJS JJ 1 h 2 h J. T Shehn 20 30
IWK iRoIlick. C (M. Jones) J100! 3 2 n 2 «4 2 2 3 '•'. 3 2'/.|J Daly 7 0-2
!>JO74>iFair L. Anr.a. 4 <McCaffert>)!10<i 1 11 l>*ln 43 46 "iBonner 7-2 6
(COjK'iiHipponax a (P G. Lane) 105 2 3 »; 3 1 4 1 ,V1^5 n |J. Martin.. 13-5 7"
r.m SlVarl Diver, 4 (Carlisle Co.).' 92 7 5^66 67 « f> « 3 Roach ..... 20 60
tR*i4 IPierVe J. 5 (H. Stover) \l(M\ 6 7 7 7 7 7 Sherwood . S 10
Time— :24*i. :40^. ltl&V. l:2SVi. At post 'i minute. Off at 3:53. Whiskers, place. 7-10;
Khow. 2-r.i Gold Finder, place. 10; show. 4. Rollick, show. 7-10. Winner, b. g by
Zcbair-Crlle of Lake II. Trained by A. \\ilson. Scratched — Flyer. Volma Clark Start
fair. Won cr.«ily. Xext two driving hard. Whi.«kers best. Gold Finder showed im
jToveir.cnt. Rollick no excuses. Fair Lady Anna was • crowded on rail bj- Rollick.
Hlpponax ran a poor race. Sherwood on Pierce J was the spectacular hit of this
gorgeous production.
0115. SIXTH RACE— Six furlong?: selling: 3-year-olds and up: value to first. $.".25.
Index I Horse ami Owner.' IWtjijt. \' t . 0T. a; . Str. Fin. i Jockey. i Opl Cl".
(t^ful) Sad Sam. a (H. Green) '.IllOj 1 '...'. 11 "1 1«,1 i^ 1 U fsherwood . 9-10 7-10
<£53 IMImo 4 <P: Sheridan) I 99! 7J 2 •% 2 2 2 l'-'.2 2>4!Roach ;.»*. "'■ fi" 11.
WV.\ IHair.ault. f> (Thomas & R.).11O2 « 5 3 5 5:3 4 : *;! 7 JTravcrs 2 2
crf-H IMr Fr.rnum. 4 (MrOi!Icrty)..!l02l 5 ... 6 0 5 4 4 :{ Ronuer .... lo() 150
(Q0C3)}lItamca, r. (Mrs. Miller)... '..11051 2 ... 4 2Vi3 n 4 2 T> S Knapf> [i.ii ' 36
C053 ICrisli. :J. (C. K. Gruwell) ! M[ 4 ... 3 2^4 h 6 )! jconnell '50 2C0
Time — :24. :48. 1:14*4; At post - : - minutes, Off -nf-4 ilSVy. , ' -Sam.'"plae<». 'l'-4; ; show out. ■
Mimo, place. 11-5; fIiqw. 1 t 2. Hainault. chow. out. Winner, ch' g.. by Ranlwaa-'
{f«eley. Trained by K.. Cetchell. Start poor. Won easily. _Next two driving hard,"
tihrrwood rat'd f-arl Sam and at one time looked beaten.- Jtfhio' ran a good race. Away
better. Hainault might have won. Crlgll will do In cheaper company ■ • ■
the seven furlong selection, captured
by Whiskers, and it left a dark .brown
taste in the mouth. The Petaluma
mystery w;is hammered down to 11 to
5 favoritism and ! reached the wire
first by two lengths, with the rank
outsider Goldfinder the closest con
tender. Fair Lady Anna cut out the
running until she had bellows to mend
and quit- Hipponax made no show
ing whatever, and Pierce J was so far
back under Sherwood's good manage
ment that a charge from one of the
big Russian suns at Port Arthur
would not have struck him. "Travers
presided over the destinies of the suc
cessful nominee. . .
Put for having' all the better of the
start Sad Sam would -probably have
bopn beaten in the closing six furlong
pelfing sprint. The jungle .demon, a
7 to 10 favorite, got away sailing, and
with little in reserve downed Mlmo
half a length. Hainault came from
back, getting the show, and it looked
as 5f he would have won with a more
even send off.
XOTES.
Sad Sam appears to be the only
horse Sherwood can ride.. . He .made
a sorry showing on Goddess of Night
and Pierce J. " .
Young Corbett took a brief respite,
from training at the beach and cleaned
up more tKan $4000 over the wins of
Horatius and Whiskers.
Twenty-five bookmakers cut ,in.
Wally Brlnkworth and Johnny Lyons
comprised one new firm. Frank Lan
tcrman was also back on the block.
SCOTCH ROWLKKS PRACTICE
FOR COMING TO URXA31EXT
I Crack] Players Gather' at Golden Gate
Park to I'lfpai-e for Approach- *
ins ■iMatchcs. - '■'■ : ■ •
The old_ rinks at the, park were in
great demand by the Scottish bowlers
yc-r-terd"ay afternoon. The approach
ing tournaments brought- out most of
j the best players, who are anxious to
be ingood form on April 1. Superin
1 terde'nt McLaren '" announced yester
day that the new. green \vould be
'opened on Washington's birthday for
j one day only. This- was. a welcome
! picoe of news to the bowsers, who flnd
j the old preen a poor substitute.
Therclosest match was that in which
G. C: Patterson and Joseph Gray beat
David O'Brien and Dr. Gunn 21 to 16.
The winners next, played J^C.Moffatt
and H. L. -Tickner,'. but did; not fare
so well.. Moffattand Tickner made a.
strong combination and won easily.
The score was 21 to 10.
Andrew Foreman and Moffatt, two
of the players who drew together in
the doubles tournament and consid
ered -By many to be the strongest
' team; showed their strength • when
they be^t G. C. Patterson and Joseph
Gray. 21 to 3.'
■ Foreman and Dr. Gunn also .beat
Gray and Patterson, the score being
21 to 10. J. W. Elder and Dr. Gunn
won a one-sided match from J. Stott
aud J. Duncan. The score was 21 to
! 6, Dr. Gunn beat Elder 21 to 14. J.
{ It. Earsman and' J. Stott beat A. Hay
' and J. W. Elder 21 to 19. J, McLaren
j and T. A. Aiken beat S.' I. Wine and
• T. McXaught 21;tolS. W.I*. Crowe
and Earsman beat R. Park and* W.
Eaton 21 to 17.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ '/FEBRUARY- 21, 1904.
BYRNE PLAYS
STEADY GAME
Starts From Scratch in Bogie
Tournament on the Presidio
Links and Wins Out Handily
Eighteen competitors entered the
handicap over eighteen holes against
bogie on the Presidio links yesterday.
J. W. Byrne won first prize. Playing
from scratch, he came in 3 down
against the redoubtable colonel. He
was in excellent , form, his medal
scores being 38, 42. For the second
prize A. S. Lillejv J. A. Folger, l! F.
Monteagle, R. I. Bentley and Dr. r ff G.
McConkey tied with 4 down. The
handicaps and scores were as follows:
J. W. Byrne, scratch, 3 down; A. S.
Lilley, handicap. 6, 4 down; J. A. Fol
ger, handicap 6, 4 down; L. F. Mont
eagle, handicap 12, 4 down; R. I.
Bentley, handicap S, 4 down; Dr. T.
G. McConkey, handicap 4, 4 down; H.
A. Blackman, handicap 6, 7 down; 1
Rolla V. Watt, handicap 12, 7 down;
H. M. Hoyt, handicap 4, 7 down;
George E. Starr, handicap 3, 7 down;
Reginald White, handicap 12, 8 down;
S. Li. Abbott Jr., handicap 3, 8 ; down;
F. H. Beaver,. handicap 6, 8 down; Dr.
J. R. Clark, handicap 3, 9 down. R.
Gilman Brown, handicap 6; C. W.
Bennett, handicap 16; Major Charles
Christensen, handicap 18, and W. J.
Dutton, . handicap 16, made no ! re
turns. »
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Bluch^r,
from- New York 'for Cherbourg: and Hamburg,
and xiroceedfdi
BROW HEAD— Passed Feb 20— Stmr ' I'm
brla. from New York, for Liverpool...,
SC1LLY— Passed Feb 20— Stmr. Now York,
from New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Southampton.
BREMEN— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Grosser Ker
fun»t, for New York, via Cherbourg.-. . .
SOITTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr 8t.
Louis, for New York. ' . ■. .
CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr . St.
Louis, for New York.
' QUEENSTQWN— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Um
bria. for Liverpool, from New York, and pro
ceeded. » . ... ... .. . ,
Pass«ed Feb 20— Stmr. Sylvanla, from Boston;
■for Liverpool. ■ fc '>?'<»
ROTTERDAM- Sailed. Feb 20— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York. '
MARSEILLES^-Arrlved Feb 20— Strnr Pe-'
rugia. from New York, for Genoa, Leghorn,
HAVRE— Sailed t Feb • 2^— Stmr La Chara
pasme, for New York. . • ' . ■ ■ ■
■ HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr' Ta
.coma. from Tacoma, via Yokohama. . •
YOKOHAMA^-Arrived Feb 20— Stmr • Tosa
Maru, from Seattle, for Hongkong.
The English tailors have : the credit
for being the first to offer organized're
sistance to industrial oppression, and
hence were the .pioneers of modern
trade unionism. As earlyas 1721, in the
"aays of the Tiandicrafts. there was a
union of. tailors In .London-numbering
15,000, and they went on strike for bet
ter conditions of employment, notwith
standing the acts of Parliament that
outlawed r such bomblnatibh's ; made
strikes "a criminal - act and limited
Wages by law,---- . ... Zl'L
FAST SPRINTER
IS PINKERTON
Wins the Santa Barbara Stake
Event by One Length From
Airship After a Hard Eace
JIM' HAEE A SURPRISE
Bragg Develops ' Sudden Burst
of '5pe^d, s Leading Greenock
Under Wire in a Close Run
LOS ANGELES, Feb' % 20. — The San
ta Barljara. stakes, for two-year-olds
at. four' and a half furlongs and worth
$1310 to the, winner, was the chief at
traction at' Ascot to-day. "A big Satur
day- crowd - was ; in ■■attendance. The
stake event was ,the fourth ori-the card
and" furnished "a stirring" finish. Dur
nell's entry, Lady Lasca.. And Peggy
Mine,' , opened^equal favorites with
Pinkerton, both selling .at 8 ; to 5. The
latter gradually went on* to 7 to 5, at
which price he went to the post. The
stable recededto 2 to'l. ' •
Airship, at 5' to 1 ; Sea "Air, at 8, and
John 'Carroll, at 9-to l.were nibbled
at.- -Carroll' set - a -hot /pace, with Sea
Air in- r close .attendance. They were
well bunched atthe turn, when Pinker
ton .came through and won by half a
length. 'from 'Airship, who was the
same distance. in- front of Carroll. •
Dick Turpin; at 1 to 2, made a run
away, of .the „■ first race, winning in a
gallop jfrom" Alma Dufour and. El Ber
nardo " in . the. order named. Jim
Hale, at 8 to li"surprised the crowd, by.
winning the. second race at six fur
longs, Fustian second and Winnifreda,
the favorite, .third. The handicap
hurdle race was easy for the Corrigan
entry, • Charawirid winning by a head
from Martfn" Brady,, the. two being 1
coupled in the betting at 1. to 2. Heir
Apparent was'third.
Bragg had a world of speed to-day
and. won the . mile . and a sixteenth
handicap in a driving finish [ from
Greenook, with Platonius third. Warte
Nicht was half a length away. The
fourth: horse finished within the space
of a length. Bragg was played down
from S to 1 to 8 to 5 at post time.
Florestan, the favorite, won the last
race on the card, beating Inaguratoiv
and Canejo in the order named. The
winner was a strongly, played favprite.
The Ascot management has in
creased the average of i all . purses\
making $300 purse3 5350^ or. over.
Weather fine; track .good. . Summary:,
First race, five furlongs. pur*o — Dick Turpin,
104 .(Hedfnrn). 1 to- -'.: \von;r Alm'a -l>i|fpirr 1(XJ
(Hlfdebraiid;. VI to 5, second: KI Bernardo. 102
(Mountain j. » to 1, tlilr^. ' Time; '1 -Olf- Ilar
ringt(:n. Mutronln. .Forcasta. Miss Uetty and
Leonardo also ran. ' •. ■ ,'
Seron<t race, six furlongs, selling— tJim Hale,
10?) (Mountain), 7 to"' 1," won; Knstlan. 10s
(Fletcher), r. to 1. .second; Wi:irdfrcc!a^.f*7. .(J.
Lewis), a to 1, third. Tlnir, MM*. Uen Hey
.woiyl,..(»e{)ratlot>.-$cd ■Dams?!.- Littl/r. Slac
gaitt ami l J at Hammon also rw\. ■ ■ ■ ' J
Third rnce, mllp nnd an eUhth.-'.h/ndlcati
hunilc?— Cbarawlafl. >173' (MoHugh;. '■* to 5.
won: BlHTttn BrSilyJ' 125. (Moofteyi ; 5.. ; to 5.
■econai Heir Apparent. 135 (Southerlami). 7 to
1. third. Tlma, ?i0114» «Ml| S. Sharplegs, Fitz
Stnckwell and Phil Archibald clso ran.
■ Fourth ruce.-the Santa -Barbara l stak»«. $1000
Hftdcd.- four and a half furlongs— Pinkerton,
IIS (Roland). 7 to 5. won; Airship. . 1 la (J.
I.#wis->. S to 1, ■ spconfi; ' John Carroll; 113
iHildrbrnm!). S-to 1. third. Time. :5".. Lady
Lusra. Pegjry Mlrtp nnd Sea Air also ran.
Fifth race, handicap, mile nnd a sixteenth —
Brar~ 1<!S (Mountain). S to it, won: Greenock. .
1CS (Redtern). 2',-j to 1. second; Platonius. !>0
(J. Lewis). 4 to 1, third. Tlmr, 1 :4S. Warte
Nicht also ran. /
Sixth race, on>> mile. 6elllns — Floreat.in, 10."
(Mountain). S to" f>; won: Inaupurator. 10r»
<HI].>!>rancl>, 0 to 2. second;. Canejo. .113
(Hedforn), 5 to 1. third. Time. 1:43. Tln«f-a-
Llng, Mcrwan, Ulrn. F-lle and Dorlce ai?o ran.
New Orleans Hare Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. XX— Crescent City
results:
First race, six furlons* — Ball Hornet won,
Thiora second. Youns Jess third. Time,
l:13 4-r-. ' .
Second rare, aljj furlongs, selling — Conun
drum won, Clnremont second; Gus Heydorn
third. Time, 1:U.
Third race, rnlle — Floral King won. Hymet
tus fpcond, New Mown Hay third. Time,
1 :30 4-r..
Fourth race, the' New Orleans City Railway
handicap eweenstakes, one and a sixteenth
miles — Count 'Km Out won. Huzzah second.
Tribe's Hill third. Time, 1 :47 3-5.
Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs — Scorpio
won, Sadduccee second, Rollick II third. Time,
1:14-1-5.
Sixth race, selling:, one and a half miles —
Colonel Tyler won. Thorneyoroft second, Free
Admission third. Time. 2:37 1-5.
DEATH CLAIMS
A CAPITALIST
OF THE SOUTH
LOS ANGELES, Feb.. 20.— Thomas
D. Mott, a prominent pioneer and cap
italist of Southern California, is dead
at -his home in this city of heart dis
ease at the age of 75 years. Decedent
was prominent in Democratic politics
for many years, and was the • first
County Clerk of: Los Angeles County,
being'elected in 1863. He leaves a wife,
a daughter and four sons.- His prop
erty Interests -amount- to about $200,000.
Death of a Prominent Druiiicss.
NAPA, Feb. 20.— Mrs^ : Sophie
Lange, wife' of Henry Lange, 1 died at
the family residence near St.' Helena
Friday. Mrs. Larige was widely known
and respected throughout the State,
haying held the office of grand arch
druidess" of the Druids' Grand j Lodge.
She leaves, besides her husband, five
children. The funeral will -be 'held
Sunday from Druids' Hall in St. Hel
ena.
Death Claims a Business 3Ian.
""SUISUN, Feb. 20.~Otto GlashbftVa
well known business man of Cordelia,
this county, died to-day at the age of
56 years. He was the -father of thir
teen children, twelve- daughters and
one son, all of whom are living. .-.The
deceased was a native j of Germany,
but had been in this country many
years. • . "r. ', .'.-" -
l^mous Trotter Dies.
FISKHILL ISLAND, "N: Y.. f'eb. 20.
—The Abbott, 2 : 03#, John J. SjanneU's
celebrated 10-year-old " trotter, died .at
the Scannell Stock Farm here last, night
after being sick two days. • .'
- CINCINNATI." Feb.'^!— The six-story-build
lngr at 421. to 430 Main street; occupied by the
Baron-Boile Company, glass 'and- painters' sup
plies, and by V,. S. Kills & Sons, saddlery and
leather, was burned to-night. The loss ia
?'joo,ooo. .' V- ,.;.--.;'^
After a man' reaches "a certain age he
really; ought -.to . be excused from being
annoyed by book? agents.' .;'. ' '-•-. '..-, ;,.
HIGH SCHOOL. ATHLETES MEET.
Lowell and Uck . track Men Hold
,' . /,' : Tryouts on BerkeFey Oval.
BERKELEY, Feb." 20. — The Lowell
and Lick. High Schools of San Fran
cisco held separate field trials to-day
on the Berkeley oval. In-both-' trials
the, time was slow. on account of the
heavy track and the poor condition of
the academic* athletes.' These draw
backs, however. . did not affect the
pole vaulting and in the case of Lowell
the interclass record was broken by
Lelb Jumping 9 feet 3% inches.
Lick held its trials this morning on
the track. There was little of keen
competition, as.lt was more a tryout
than a contest and ho surprises turned
up. The. results follow:
. 880-yard* race — Dodson -first Garms sec
ond. Tim<\ 2:15 3-5.
■ • 00- yard 'dash — Golcher first, Cop« second,
Delaney third. Time :6 1-5.
Mile run— Champreaux first, Millard ■ec
ond/ Time. 5:18. ;
100-yard dash — Cope first Beck second, De«
laney third. Time, :10H
■ 440- yard dash — Johns first, Jones- second.
Time, :56 2-5.
220-yard hurdle— Golcher first, Anderson
second. Button ..third. Time. :2$>.
2-mile run — Gibson first • Thompson »eo
ond. Time. 11:20 4-5.
High Jump — Magerstadt first, Mulltn sec
ond. Cox third. Distance, 5 feet 4 Inches.
Fole vault— Mullln first, Hotchkiss sec
ond. Distance, 0 feet 2 inches.
, 220 -yard dash — Beck first. Pellage second.
Block third. Time, :24 3-5. ' .
Zest was given to the Lowell trials
on account of the competition for class
supremacy. The seniors were suc
cessful in getting the most men to the
front and won first place, the sopho
mores, juniors and freshmen finishing
"in the order named. The results fol
low; . .
G0-yard ' dash— Schwartz, first; "Wiley, eec
or.d; "Wood, third. Time. :5 3-5.
100* yard dash— Schwartz, first; Wiley, sec
ond; Wood, third. Time, :10 3-5.
220-yard dash— Grunsky, first; Vllas, second;
Sea, third. Time, :25.
440-yard dash— Schwitzen, first: Abbott, sec
ond: Mattner, third. Time, :55 3-5.
SSO-yard run— De Mamie], first; Lewis, sec
ond: Kelly, third. .Time, 2:08". •■•■-.
Mile run — Maundrell, first; Myer, second;
Bnker, third. Time, 4:45.
Two-mile run— Maundrell,' first; Myer, sec
ond: Garvln. third. Time. .10:43. •
120-yard hurdle— McnteoRle, first; Coleberr,
second; Hartltran. third. Tlmp, :10.
220-yard ■ hurdle — Bonner, first; Monteagle,
second; Howard, third. Time, :29.
. Broad "jump— Bonrer, first: Vilas, second;
Monteagle, | third. . Distance. 20 feet 8 Inches.
High jumpr— Bonner, first; Grunsky, second;
ICronz, third. Height, 5 feet 4 inches.
Sliotput — Vllas, first; Oerf. second; Carrlck,
third. Distance. S9 feet 11 Inches.
Pole vault — Lolb first: Lar.gr. second; Baker,
third. HelRht, 0 feet :i\i inches.
Mile relay— Seniors first. Time, 3:32V4.
Women Play Tennis.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.
Stanford's women tennis players
proved victorious to-day. in a contest
with the women racket wielders from
Belmont. Mrs. Miller and Miss Owens
of Stanford defeated Miss Cornell and
Miss Hayward of Belmont, in doubles
by the score of 6-1. 6-2. In the sec
ond set of doubles Miss Page and
Miss Spllvaio .of Belmont were de
feated by. Miss Ray and Miss Pitman
of Stanford by the score of 6-0. 6-3. A
third match was played between the
victors in the two former matches, in
which-. Miss Ray and Miss Pitman
bested their opponents by the score
Of .-6-1, '6-2. ■ -..
GLENS FALLS, N.. Y., ..Feb. 20.—
-Vincq,, owned, -by John J. , Cunningham
or. Sandy -Hill, trotted . a mile . c-n the
ice at .Lake George, to-day in. 2:14%.
Tills equals the world's record on ice.
- : -V, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
QLQ SORES There is no better evidence of a bad condition of the blood
**"* and unhealthy state of the system than a sore that won't heal, or
ULCERS a festering, discharging Ulcer or Abscess/ There are many ways
a < r»c*ir«T"'oo < co which the blood may become contaminated and poisoned. A
jnLoSCSiSSES long spell of malarial fever or other debilitating sickness, the
excessive use of mercury in certain diseases, inactive kidneys and
torpid liver, exposure and lack of nourishing food, weaken the constitution and cause
the system to become congested with impurities which are taken up by the blood, and,
wherever the flesh is bruised or scratched a festering sore or discharging ulcer begins.'
A boil or blister, pimple or burn often develops into a frightful looking sore because of
the, unhealthy condition of the blood, and the place will continue to grow and spread, finally
reaching the bones and causing them to decay unless KtntQ^ QMo Ang £ j
the blood is purged and punned and the system tnor- . some eight years ago a small blister
oughly cleansed of all morbid and unhealthy accumu- JSS^SStS.^fS eSont^aiT'SS
lations. This cannot be done with washes, salves and without avail. Finally I oonsnited a doctor,
,soaps, which only afford temporary relief. bnt th8 «»re did not yield to his .treatment,
,^0.^, v j r . jr go consu j ted another vrithont any better
-. v Such things neither make the blood any purer nor "suits. The third doctor pronounced it
',- & *i j^-i j . 1 • 1 Eczema. The sore In the meantime had
trie-system any cleaner, and -to depend upon them alone spread quite a little and the skin about th»
is suicidal and senseless.. The sore or ulcer is only a »?" was discolored. After treating it ior
t1 •• f .-, . ■ • 1 .• Iv Eczema and not getting any better, the doo-
Symptom, an outlet IOr tne poisons Circulating in the tor pronounced tt Epithelioma Canoer. and
blood, and as loiic: as it remains impure the sore will advised that I go to Chicago and have it cut
• ', , T , ° t . j i. t. l 4.*.* out « I did not do this, but having had S.S..S.
never heal. It may scab over and appear to be getting . recommended to me by a coupiT O f friends, i
well, but a fresh OUtpOUr Of matter from the diseased began its use. and the sore soon began to
i « % . , ••. ■* • •*•• j - .v •. .• heal, and after using some six bottles of the
blood Starts It again, and thus It goes on, sometimes medicine it healed up entirely, and has never
for years, slowly Sappinp; away the life of the patient. returned. Several years have elapsed sinc«
J - ■ ' ■ . J rr ° J 0 r - - its disappearance. JOHN L. SAM9.
• • The onl}' way ; to get rid of these disgusting evi- •
dences of impure blood is to^emoye the cause by , was the ct^ of . a se?erT Srf paving
purifying the polluted blOOd, and nothing does this SO stepped into a crucible of molten 'iron: * My
surely and effectively as S. S. S, It drives out of the
circulation lmpunties and germs of every kind; and by my telling you that i was unable to -waw
tinder the tonic effect of this great remedy the general '£ £^.^*£t&?- %£
health rapidly recuperates and broken-down constitu- ting discouraged at the slow progress
vtions are built up and strength and vigor. are restored ■^S^^SSSil^SSSi£S&^S&
to all parts: OX . the System. When S. S. S. gets into the' its work well. It went into the circulation,
circulation -impurities: that have been clogging: the -^^^^^^^^^^
blOOd .and causing the Old SOre or Ulcer, are driven OUt heal. To-day it is entirely healed, and S.S.S.
tVirnno-ii trip natural VhnnnpU nf /'tlip hr\A\r u n A th r> ' deserves great credit for what ; it did for me.
tnrougn tne natural cnanneis or-tne ooay, ana^.tne , 120 Pears £ a st . charles hunter.
place begins to heal,, the discharge gradually ceases,- ' •" -. ..:.-•
new -flesh forms and" smooth, healthy slciu hides all signs of the painful, sickening, sore.
' : ' : 1<^^*L '' >^ a^^ "■ naB^, : -'- S-S.S. is ah entirely vegetable remedy, containing
n^P*2& Jr*^^^ ti^^^S ' both purifying and touic properties, makiijg it -the ideal
C' C CtoZ^^ C Cfe^T^ medicine v/here the blood is out of order- and the health;
\2?*^ .by sonic"; prcviohs ailment -resulting '.'in
iT^^i? %0**i^ 53^^ A sore *^ rt ocs ' 110t 1:er - P r01^P tl y» no matter, how
v -^a=as^. email, will bcr.r watching. It is a sure indication of bad^
blood, and may develop; into sdmethiiig far t more serious than, a common ulcer. It maj|
department,-wc are. rendering valuable help to those."
afflicted with sores and ulcers of various kinds. AVrite us, and our physicians will advise
you without charge. THE SWiFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA§
BOYS IN BLUE
DEFEAT ALUMNI
Sensational -Ball Game Goes
to Soldiers After Eleven
Innings of Ups and Downs
PITCHERS IX GOOD F0KM
Douglass' Three-Bagger, Fol
lowed by. Cameron's Hit.
Brings Victory to- Presidio
The ball tossers that represent the
Presidio got away with another great
game yesterday afternoon and demon
strated beyond a doubt that they are
the amateur champions of the State.
They had as opponents an all-star nine,
representing the alumni of Stanford
and the University of California. After
eleven innings of sensational ball had
been played .the soldiers won by a score
of 4 to 3.
It was certainly the most sensational
battle that has yet been seen on the
Presidio ball field. The college men
fielded In grand form, not an error be
ing committed by any member of the
nine. On the other hand, the soldiers
were weak in the field, 2nd it was due
to their errors that the game was pro
longed for. two extra rounds.
Forsyth, the star . -twlrler of the bar
racks, was in his best form and had the
college men on his staff from the first
inning. He struck out nine men In all
and did not issue a single pass during
the struggle. Parker for the collegians
was also in good shape, and kept the
eleven hits made oft* his delivery well
scattered. ;
• A remarkable thing about the game
was the wonderful throwing of the two
catchers. .Not a single base was stolen
during the eleven innings. Raymond
for the soldiers had a bad day and com
mitted three errors at the third bag,
all of which helped the college tossers
to score runs without the aid of base
hits.
The score was 1 to 1 up to the ninth
Inning. In the tenth the collegians
came through with two tallies. It
looked good for them, and the admirers
of the soldier team began to lose heart.
But the latter tied up the score in the
tenth, and then the real cheering began.
The collegians could not do a thing
in their half of the eleventh round.
Douglass for the Presidio team tore off
a long three-bagger to the left field
fence, which brought forth a round of
wild cheers from the spectators. Parker
sent in a fast shoot and Cameron con
nected with it safely, sending the leath
er out to center field and bringing In
Douglass with the winning tally. The
score:
PRESIDIO. : •_ ".
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Cusack. rf 5 0 1 0 1 O 0
Douslass, 2b..-. ...... 5 1 3 O 1 fl O
Cameron, cr., 4 0 2 O 4 0 O
Raymond, as... 4 O O <t 1 3 3
Conrad, c 4 0 1 t> 10 l; 0
COAST C1IA3IPIONS TO MEET
THE DAY CITY WHEEL3IEN
fydNts Will Defend Their Title In
l'olo Contest at Foresters' Hall
V~.Tr Next Thursday. :'
OAKLAND. Feb. 20.— The bicycle
polo team of the Oakland Wheelmen
will meet the. tea.m; of the Bay City
Wheelmen of San Francisco at For
esters* Hall next Thursday evening in
a contest for the championship of the
Pacific Coast. The winning team will
receive a silver trophy.
The Oakland Wheelmen, who are
the present coast champions, will be
represented in the contest by Holden
and Dohrman. West and Long will
play for the Bay City Club.
Vandalism In Asia Minor.
In 1872. H. B. Tristram, an English
man, discovered* a unique ruin on the
borders of Moab, a little east of the
HadJ road from Damascus to Mecca.
It was a gorgeous but unfinished palace
standing alone on the plain and known
to the Arabs as M'Shita (winter quar
ters). It has since been shown to be
the work of Chosroes II.. who flourished
in the first quarter of the seventh cen
tury, and it was designed by his fa
mous architect, Ferhad. It is the only
remaining example known o*f the
Byzantine-Sassanlan style of archi
tecture. Its most remarkable feature
is the vast sculptured south facade
with over fifty figures of men and ani
mals and innumerable fruits and
flowers delicately carved in the hard
limestone! It stood untouched for 1300
years and now it has been given by the
Sultan to Emperor William, who sent
men' to saw off the facade and take It
to Berlin. Archeologists regard it as as
great an act of vandalism as that
which brought the Elgin marbles to
England.— New York Commercial Ad
vertiser.
R. T. Daniel, who owns many blocks
In Spokane, most of the town of Trail,
in British Columbia, and 10.000 acres
of land in Cuba, left Glasgow, Ky..
twenty-five years ago and arrived in'
Spokane with Just ilfin his pocket.
jfr. — — ■ •{•
Lamb. If 4 1 2 <> * J *
Forsyth. p * 2 2 0 1 1 0
Gannon. 3b 4 0 0 » « « »
Hallahan, lb 4 0 J> J> 13 J) J)
Totals 38 4 11 0 S3 13 5
ALUMNI.
AB. U. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Jansin?. gs 6OOO23O
Mors#. If 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Klston. c 4 1 2 0 4 0 O
Burke, lb 5 2 2 0 13 0 0
Webber 3b 5 O 1 0 0 6 0
Hamlln. cf 4 0 1 0 2 O O
Una*, rf 5 0 1 0 0 O O
Waters. 2b... 5 0 0 0 6« 4 O
Tarker. p 5 0 1 O 1 4 J>
Totals 4J 3 8 0 »3O 17 0
•No one out when wlnnlns run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS. *
Tresldlo . . 0 O O O 1 00002 -1 — 4
Base hits 1000201202 2—11
Alumni ...0001000002 0— .".
Base hits 000301.01012— S
SUMMARY.
'T!sre«»-ba!<e hit — Douglass. T*vo-ba?e hit—
Hamlin. Sacrifice hit — Lamb. First base on
error? — Alumnt 4. First base on ealleii balls —
Off Parker, 1. Left on bases — Presidio 8,
Alumni 6. -Struck out — Forsyth 9. Parker 2.
Hit by pitcher — Elston. Hamlln. PassM £>all —
Conrad. Double plays — Waters to Jan&ing:
Gannon to Raymond to Hallahan. Time of
f:ani.» — One hour and forty mlnutea. Umpire —
D. Strong.'
Our idea of a pleas*nt family affair
is when a- daughter gets up %, .surprise
party on her mother. .EXPECT A BIG
YACHTING BOOM
Approachins: Season Will Prob
ably Be an Important One
for Amateur Tars on the Coast
CLP BACES ARE PLANNED
Various Clubs May Be Induced
to Enter Boats for a Regat
ta in ' Northern Waters
Yachlinsr on the Pacific Coast is now
experiencing the greatest boom Jn its
history. From San Francisco to San
TJigeo. and from Puget Sound away up
into British Columbia a wave of en
thusiasm is spreading that has here
tofore been unprecedented. The* re
.sult of th:a interest is already appar
fr.t and unless ail signs fail the com
ir.g season will furnish some of the
nost exciting regattas ever held on
this seaboard.
The idea of international yacht
races on Pugct Sour.d, which was ad
vanced a year ago by prominent
yachtsmen in British Columbia and
Port Totvnsend. appealed strongly to
San Francisco and south coast club
men at the time and it i# likely that
an" effort will again be made to carry
it to a successful termination. The
suggestion met with much favor in
and ground Seattle and the response
of Victoria and Vancouver was en
thusiastic.
As outlined, the scheme was to have
a week of fine racing in August of each
year. The international event would
be conducted on the same lines as that
sailed • for the America's cup in the
East. To lend interest to the sport it is
said English yachtsmen stand ready to
forward the Mackie international tro
phy here, to be held by the most suc
cessful contestants.
Of course, it would require a good
deal of money if members of the differ
ent coast clubs should comr>ete for the
•trophy independently of each other, so
it has "been suggested that each organi
zation join hands in entering a boat for
the races. This would bring the ex
penses down to a very low mark, and
the members v-ould hardly feel the loss.
But to go from one extreme to the
other., however, there will also be a
very lively racing season in the south
land. The fact that Sir Thomas Lip
ton has presented the Corinthians of
San Diego with a handsome trophy cup.
to be raced for by any or the Pacific
Coast clubs, opens another interesting
chanr.er in yachting circles, which is
*>eing freely discussed on all sides. Per
haps Los Angeles yachtsmen are even
more interested in the outcome of the
Lipton cup races than are northern
sports, inasmuch as a syndicate is now
building a large racing machine at Ter
minal Island, near San Pedro, with
which itjiopes to capture the pretty
trophy.
W. G. Morrow, commodore of the
San Francisco Yacht Club and owner
'of the fast sloop Challenger, which
won first honors in the regatttts on
the bay lust year, is of the opinion
that none of the local yachtsmen will
participate in the San Diego races. He
thinks the conditions under which the
♦tip was obtained by the southern
club are too unsatisfactory to warrant
the lo*s of time and expense in taking
a boat to Southern California.
"Ordinarily it would require two
weeks to make the trip from here to
San Diego and back," said Commodore
Morrow, "and that would not give one
much time to become acquainted with
th* conditions there.
"Again, as I understand, the Lipton
cup cannot be removed from San
Diego if won by an outside yacht, so
that really It is scarcely worth the ex
pense and trouble of 'competing for.' "
Continuing. Commodore Morrow said
there is every promise « T a fine racing
season on the bay this year. The
Tiburun club ia now bui!dir.£ a racer
to go against the Challenger, which Is
to be' known as the Corinthian, after
thff name of the organization Across
the bay the California Club is making
i apid strides*, and almost without ex
ception yachtsmen report an excellent
outlook.
Ihcrea!>ins English Divorces.
. England is rusting with uneasiness
the growing number of divorces grant
ed in her courts. In Dondon this
jrrowth has been very rapid. In the
first term "of court the number of
cases down for trial have increased
from ITT in 1902 to SS3 this year; In
the second, from -16 in 1901 to 2S5
in'l'90'S: in the third, from 210 in 1901
to r«2.in 1903. and in the fourth, from
222 in 1S01 to 351 in 1903. About 60
per cent of the actions are brought by
injured husbands. — New" York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Mr. Joy — And how do you find mar
ried life?
Mrs. Gay — Fa*t and furious!
"Indeed. Really?
-Yes: I am fast and Fred is furi
ous."—Kansas City Journal.
AI»VEBTISEMZNTS.
VACUUM CAP
if j^^^^j The ujost natural aad successful treatacr.t ever devised for
vJUL 4* Curing BALDNESS and FALLING HAIR la either sex
Y^s5K2S Ey suction, the air is exhausted from the cap, "rchich reduces
vvxSa^ the atcospheiic pressure, thus forcing a free and active circulation
of "blood into the scalp and hair follicles. This extra nutrition
~u-A t«- t^c increased circulation promotes a healthy growth of hair and pre-
«?Sr Utafniagprematurely grey. Absolute results assured. Free Book.
VACUUM BU5T DEVELOPER *U
\nvlady- can produce a large and beautiful Bust Nursing Oft i®
r/f2^ OR. LAWRENXFS NEW LMPROVED W/?3t\§
VACUUM DEVELOPER & INVIGORATOR \gfW
£b for MEN is a positive means of restoring lost strength '***
Ffl *nd vi^or It will revitalize through the increased flow of blood to
* a the T5»rts and it is the only known means by which the org'ns can be
I t\ developed. Combined with our " Perfect^so>jble medi-
T'eet stricture, prematureness, any irritation of the i* ethral canal,
alfaffecuSs S etc For V1BIC0CELB wj .have a new
SasSSorrandComm-eswr, ( Patent applied for) used in connr<t:on with our
t J£rc?A VlfTTOM DETEM)PER (»ld only by us) will qm-Vly cure every
3S, S?SSS?ble tSS« Tre/tment, sealed-, For HEX onlj.
/v,r «i,»«icians are experienced and strictly reliable specifr.istSj and our treat-
aenfs^for^d.Ts^^SxdAPFKOV^ Hours9to9; Sundays 10 to L
Health Appliance Co. 6 ofar s r an li Vrancisco
STANFORD NINE
WINS THE GAME
Cardinal Tossers. Easily Out
class Clif Ireland's Profes
sional Club AVicldcrs
TRITCH PITCHES WELL
Promising Twirler Lets His
Opponents Down With a Pair
of Lonelv Safe Base Hits
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 20.
— The varsity nine easily defeated Clif
Ireland's star aggregation of ball play
ers this afternoon, the game resulting
In a score of Stanford 6, Independents
1. "Jimmie" Tritch. the varsity pitch
er, distinguished himself by allowing
the visitors but two hits in spite of thy
fact that Mertc-s, the heavy hitter v»f
National League fame, and Danny
Shay of the San Francisco team were
on the batting lis| of the Independents.
"Jim" Lanagan 'uO, former Stanford
pitcher, occupied the box for Ireland's
team, playing his position in his old
time form.
The playing of the varsity ball toss
ers to-day was a great improvement
over previous exhibitions. But three
errors v/ere recorded against them and
of these two went to Chalmers, the
frer-hman left fielder. He is a new man
at the position and will undoubtedly
overcome his present tendency to care
lessness uefore the season is over.
While all of the varsity infielders put
up a good article of ball for this early
date in the season, Trowbridge, var
sity shortstop, was undoubtedly the
star performer in to-day's game. His
sensational catch of a low line drive,
resulting }n a triple play that closed
the game in the first half of the ninth,
was the feature of the game.
Despite the fact that Lanagan
pitched a nice game for the visitors the
varsity players landed on fiis delivery
for « ight safeties, or.e of them being a
two-bag-gtr by Wirt. ' Nearly all the
Stanford nine are battins well, a fea
ture of their playing that Is exceed
ingly gratifying to coach and rooters.
For the Independents. Danny Shay
v. as the bright particular star, accept- '
ing ten chances without an error.
The score: .
INDEPENDENTS.
AB. R. DH.'PO. A. E.
Shay, ss Z 0 0 4 6 0
Spencer, V.b :: o 0 :; 1
Merte*. If 4 0 0 i» n o
I relartd. rf 4 0 O ft o o
«Joslins>:y. lb 2 O n n i o
MorriFon. e 1 1 :j 0 1
Deher.cy. 2b .1 O O 2 4 <•
Perrine. of 4 o o o 0 0
Lan&gan, p 3 o © l 4 0
Totals *!> 1 » 24 IB 3
STANFORD.
. AB. R. BH. P.O A. E.
Wilhtnu. A 4 n 1 A ] 0
Sales, rf O 0 ft
Ball, c 4 2 2 4 1 0
Wirt. of 4 1 2 3 ft 0
Chalmers.' >f 4 A 1 1 1 2
£wa!n. "b 1 0 0 .1 3 1
Matthew-?, lb 4 1 0 ]4 ft ft
Trowbridge. es 4 0 1 2 3 0
Tritch. p .1 0 0 <> ti U
TctaU 30 6 8 S7 15 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
T-df pendents 0 1 0 ft 0 0 O 0 0—1
ttkr.ford 0 0 0 2 0 1 3 0 x— 6
SUMMARY.
Struck out— By Tritch. 3; by Ldn&gan. 3.
Basee on b&Us — Oft Tritch, 6; off Uanagan. 3.
Hit by pitcher — Swain <2». Sales. P«sse-d ball —
Morrison. Two-base hit — Wirt. Triple play —
Trcwbrid^e to Matthews. Umpire— D. V. Cow
den. 'f>2. Storekeeper — R. J. McFaddin. '04.
Time of game — Oae Iicur and forty minutes.
LAW STUDENTS VICTORIOUS.
Defeat Mi-n From Chemistry Class in
Interesting Track Meet.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 20.
In the inter-department track meet
held on the varsity cinder path this
morning the law department team
proved victorious, scoring 70 points,
a<s against 55'.i for the chemistry stu
dents, their closest opponents. Owing
to the nature of the meet five places
and fifteen points were allowed in
each event.- The other departments
represented in the field day scored as
follows: Geology and mining, 3oVJ>.
civil engineering, ll'i: mechanical en
gineering, 10 V£: electrical engineering.
8; history, C: English, 5; drawing, 5;
physiology, 4; economics. 3.
The track was too soft for fast time
to be made, but the showing made by
the athletes was very creditable and
Trainer Moulton appeared very much
pleased with the results.
The detailed results follow:
Mile run — CJay. '04, won: Thomson. '(U, »?c
ond: Welnmann. 'iiS. third; War-tint, '04.
fuiirth: B;.-dtet. <>fi. fifth. Tim*. 5: VS.
Onp-hur-drel-yarJ da*h — Wtst. 'OtS, won:
Croesinan. '01. tct-ond; Wood. '07. third. CJar
finj-. 'CO. fourth; Savaje. "t", fifth. Time,
11 1-S seconds.
High hurdles « reduced to ICO yards)—Lana
sun. 'O4. won; Cruzan. 'Wi. second : IJeach, "O4,
third. T'rne. 13 1-j second?.
Quarter of a mile rim — Rusrell. *0t;, won;
<'rrs?TJinn. '<i4. »=ec«.nd: Eiw'll. '07. third. Free
man. "C€. fourth: Cunha. '(Mi fifth.
Ixw liuriilrs ir»<!uc<»<i to 1 *•» jard*> — Mr Far
land. 'OT. won; Lanacan. "ft4, second; West,
■(.«>. third. Time, 17 1-5 set-onil*.
llith Juaip-V»oli', *«>4. and B?ll. '<">. tied for
flirt olace: l>ach. '04. third. I^onarJ. "07.
fourth: Cr-.ren.3n. '04, fifth. Height. 5 fc*t 9', 3
inefce*.
Half-rr.il*' rjn — Holir.an. '04. wen: J. V. Ma
|ny 'OK Keeoid: Il.vind». 'U5. third. J. W.
Matojr. " <r r. f'Hirth: Hamilton. 'O4, fifth. Time.
1*:U 1 ."•-
Two bondred and twenty-yard (J2*h— Dunn.
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY/ FEBRUARY 21, 190i.
BERKELEY GIRL
WINS THE CUP
Ethel Ratcliffc Captures the
Jackman Tennis Trophy on
Golden Gate Park Courts
PLAYS A STEADY GAME
Miss Hazel Hotchkiss Disap
points Her Admirers, Making
Poor Stand "Against Victor
The Jackman cud, which was pre
sented to the Golden Gate Tennis
Club about a year ago, was disposed
of yesterday afternoon. Miss -Ethel
Ratcliffe carried off ihe handsome tro
phy by beating Miss Hazel Hotchkiss
in the finals. This is the third straight
victory for the winner, proving beyond
a doubt that she is the best woman
player in this part of the State.
Miss Hateliffe is a University of Cali
fornia student and a resident of
Berkeley. The cup has been played
for five times and every time has been
won by a Berkeley woman. Miss
Miriam Edwards won the first event
from scratch and Miss Hazel Hotch
kiss the second, playing from the same
mark. Miss Ratcliffe also played from
scratch and in four tournaments beat
Miss Edwards once and Miss Hotch
kiss twice. Miss Hotchkiss beat Miss
Ratcliffe in the second tournament.
In the first three tourneys the han
dicap players received odds much too
small to enable them to win. In the
fourth event the handicaps were in
creased, but to no avail. The scratch
players in the tournament just fin
ished were placed "half thirty" in
stead of "fifteen" back of scratch.
'fhe handicaps of the poorer players
were again increased, but the two
scratch players came together again
in the finals. The odds allowed were
very great and Miss Ratcliffe's victory
was a well earned one.
The tinal match was a sxeat disap
pointment. Miss Hotchkiss. was very
nervous and played much below her
usual form. Her net work, whiqh is
strong as a rule, was r»oor yesterday.
On the other hand Miss Ratcliffe
played better than ever before. She
played almost eptirely in the back
court and her ground strokes v.ere
both speedy and accurate.
In the. first set Miss Hotchkiss won
the first two games, but Miss Ratcliffe
took the next five straight. At this
stage of the same Miss Hotchki3S
braced and, played fine tennis. She
evened up the score, but Miss Ratcliffe
won the next two games and the set.
In the second set Miss Ratcliffe
played the game of her life, beating
her opponent a love set. The score
was 7-5. 6-0. In the semi-finals Miss
Ratcliffe (owe 15 3-6) beat Miss Lulu
We?;ener^<10), 6-2. 7-5.
On the 1 California CJub courts the
Lowell High School team beat the
representatives of Manzanita School,
Palo Alto. Lowell won all three
matches, two singles and the doubles.
Herbert Lonrr. Lowell's first man In
singles, completely outclassed Henry
Nickell. Manzanita's best player. The
score- was 6-2. 6-1. Abe Hellman.
Lowell's second man. had a much
harder time beatins Harold Stewart.
The score was 6-2. 5-7. S-6. The
doubles were interesting, but were
won by Lowell in straight sets.
PLAYERS FAIL, TO APPEAR.
Local Tennis Experts Unable to Take
Part In I£ust Oakland Matches.
Owing to the fact that many of the
local players were unable to cross the
bay yesterday afternoon only a. few
matches were played on the East Oak
land courts. In the preliminary
round of the singles tourney seven
matt-lies were, run off. while in the
first round there were but four. All
of the players from this side of the
bay are expected to be at the courts
before 10 o'clock in the morning to
p<ay their, preliminary matches. Most
of the matches were rather one-sided,
as none of the good player3 drew to
gether.
The only surprise was the defeat of
Hamilton Murdock at the hands of
H. Palmer. Murdock won his first
match easily and was expected to beat
Palmer/ but the latter won 9-7, 6-0.
Murdock lost heart after the first set
and the second one was a runaway
affair.
The following matches were played:
Preliminary round — Gorrill beat
Webster 6-4. 4-C, 6-3: C. Gardner
beat McDuffle 6-4. 6-4; It. Variel beat
Lowell 6-0. 6-2; C. Griffin beat Ames
6-1, 6-1; H. Murdock beat Millwain
6-2. 6-4; Palmer beat Talcbtt by de
fault; N. Baker beat Sherrard 6-1,
6-1:
First round — Palmer beat Murdock
9-7. 6-0; Biddle beat Foster 6-2. 3-6,
6-3; Medcraft beat Porter 6-4, 3-6,
S-6: Cook beat Francis 6-4, 7-5.
Thu matches to-day will be much
closer and more interesting:. As much
as possible of both singles and dou-
bles tournaments will be finished to
day. A large crowd of locaL enthus
iasts will go over .to Oakland to-day
and encourage their- clubmates. The
matches played yesterday weeded out
tome of the poorer players and those
played this morning" will have the
tame result. Some great tennis is
exnected in the afternoon.
'04. won: Wcod, '07. ppcond: Crossman, '04.
third; Ruts^lt. "00. fourth; Slngletary, '07,
tilth, 'limp. 24 e^conds.
Two-mile rim 'reduced to one and a half
mile*) — Barrett. "04. won: Powers. '07. second;
Frazer. 'CC>. third; Stiles, '06, fourth; Burr. 'W7.
flfth. No tlmo taken. ■* - '• -
Hanimfr t^rtw — Crawford, '03, won: Smith.
'<% 'second: Moran. '(JO, third. Distance. ISO
ten 5 lRoh«.
Broad Jump— Dolr; '04. won: Tint, '0C, sec
ond; lie!!, 'fs.%. third. Rail. '06. fourth; John
eon. "07, Jifth. - lV-Fturice. 21 feet 1 inch.
Relay' Oialf mile)— Law* team <Maioy. '06;
WVst, *0«: Diinn. 'O4; Wood. *07). won: Chem
istry team second. Civil and Mechanical Kngi
r.oriinK team thlnl: Electrical Engineering
tfara fourth. No time taken. ,
Shot iuit — Hvd>*.' "(»4, won: Crawford. 03,
»econd; Mt-Faddcn. '04. third: IV. H. Dole. 'Co.
fourth: Van, Sickle, 'C3. flfth. Distance, .41
feet 0 Inches. •
Pole vault. no tilion — Dole. '04;
Beach, '04, and Bell. *C5. (riven the places.
"You call zat building a 'flre trap|?"
asked the perplexed foreigner. "How
can a house be a trap for ze flre?"/"
"It catches flre so easily. See?" said
the native.
But he couldn't see — such is the un
readiness of the untrained foreign in
tellect in grasping the' Idioms of our
rich and expressive" language.'— "Wash
ington Star. . .
•■'_ '.'._.'.--:•- -':7 s - -. : . '--'.';--'--' ADVEBTISEMENTS. •■ '. '_'
I Are : Ydu SurfBPinrj f rom Vapicocele, Nervous |
• ililBpi Defiilitg, Loss of Vital Power, Loss of AmM- S
Jli^ tion, Eaply'Decau? I Will Cure You. 1
• How manv men are suffering miseries for the want of a simpl- .remedy? They do not live; Q
• Bipvivl* they simply exbt.v In the faces of thousands can be read "the story of a wasted life and blighted O
• flwwi^H hopes; jov» and pleasures are unknown to them because their vitality i? being sapped. Varico- ©
® ~'&OT&WjpMttil cele. wa>tinp: drains, have exhausted Nature's Electrical forces and left them wreck;, upon the *
a 1^^^5^^^^ ' shores of life. Many^have sought in drng"> and patent remedies to relieve their mental and phy- J
a i>ical sufiering. They arc soothed for a day. <>r maybe a. week, falsely braced up. until, the ef- q
S _44$£r£^i&SE<SSfx5 fects of the drug wearing off like the momentary bracing of whisky, they sink still lower in vi- o
£ X&g§|s§!|pi§Spx lality. and, with hope exhausted, lose confidence in themselves and their fellow-man and decide O
• "^MraBBqaH^^r^^^. • to abandon all efforts to recover their power, feeling that there is n.. help for tii^m. Man, (!■-> not 6
I # j^^^^^^^^^v^^^^W " sacrifice yourself in this way. Do not endure this living death while Nature holds to you re- ©
• W^^a^^CT^^^V^^^^V ' m ie Iorm ? r " Electricity — that vital clement of which by :,. life of di^iputR-n you have ®
® deprived yourself— tearing down faster than Nature could rebuild. In thi 5 great restorative—
2 Electricity — there it life and happiness for you. It re;torc> power to the weak and the indif- q
S j^^g^PJBgE^^^^jyfe^^l fcrent; it builds up the weakened system, and by its vitalizing, stimulating cure it makes the ©
jgSr^aMffS&ElJill MRlftKu I / blood jump through Sluggish veins, increasin? the circulation to every part, assisting Nature to O
• I ■ carry off the impure matter which clogs up the wheeis of life. If you arc weak and sick, don't ©
• *lir* s^y TiHfeisii§§iiOfc««l^f depend on doctors or drugs any longer, but try ©
S% m'^^R H Dr - McLaughlin's Electric Belt !
• h^jj&zx^. A^^r^W^^^rV^^^r The product ot years of study, the realization cf the fondest dreams of the weak and worn in- O
• .valid. It is not a toy Celt, but a powerful, life-giving Electric appliance, which is now rccog- •
© " ny£C(^ by the highest and best in the medical profession a> the only certain means of restoring ©
v^^^^^^^^^a' power to weak and vital organs. The .strength is quickly restored by it ar.d losses corrected. ®
2 \lf-As Rheumatic pains are quickly dispelled and all functions of the body developed and made strong. 2
S \[Sj^^^^^^^^^^^^Ll It sends the blood with a gladsome bound through the veins, carrying health to the bodv and hap- '0
• JliiiiigsilililiSl DON'T DFI AY Try Dr< Jl cLaughIin^ Electric Belt at once. No matter what ails 2
• L'vyn i L/L.bni you there is a cure for vou in Nature's remedy— Electricity. The **
2 V^^^^^jSw^jM^> greatest cures on record have been performed by this famous Belt, and it i-. recognized to-day as £
2 the greatest remedial agent known to It cures every form of weakness, restores the" fire &
• W£&/$&!tf Mr ? ' n<^ v '^ or °.f youth, cures ail forms of Nervous Diseases, Kidney and Bladder Trouble,-, Rhcu- e
O W^isirSiSHi matism. Sciatica'. A'aricocele. Lumbago and manv other complaints, after every other kr.own •
® ©r /y^^a^r system of medicai treatment has failed. O
• W&>W ' VIGOR OF YOUTH RESTORED IN A NIGHT. |
• ' wiaum 1 HOW DOES IT CURE? How simple that is to me! I have studied and developed upon it o
• Sft^^v 1 for years, and I will explain it to you as simply a> I can. Your weakness is like the running down O
• 1 K i*^s!(mi I it / °* l ' !C steam '" tIlc cn^i ne - There i> not enough power in the nerves tr. make the physical body ♦
O \W?^&^l'//W VXU/v' s "°- crvc P ower is Electricity. Electricity run- your body just ?.> it runs an electric car, when •
V^O^V^^^i/w/ sfriyrr^^'c^ there is enough power. If the power is short the car won't run. Neither will your body. Now. *
© > _>^^T#^^m'iK>i''<ivvV*^57rr>^ v _ when you have overtaxed Nature, when you have been dissipating too freely, you have drained S
•• xV^^V'- VwBt&\\wJ\-i /7^-CT $*HiS\ '-wa.V tIlc reserve vitality and caused injury to the nerves and glands which retain the vital Z
2 fc&T&Qi^-^^&K force, so that you are now subject to a constant dram of this n,.wer. You are losine it fast e
q You liave ncver regained- what you originally lost, and never will until this drain is stopped. I O
O I! T^^^---^- 1 ! ' 1 1 IV^IJIv^ can tu P n ' an '» c " re - My c^ r pours electricity into your impoverished nerve^ for hours every O
• lllteffTfcC^' 1 - ?^l^^-T&ejC^i-f^g^ night They drink it up gladly,- absorb it and retain it. They expand and«develop under its pow- •
© v35?ry ;^{jaK • i-\-^^^2^&JZ7^^!^ crful influence. They get strong, and the drain is .stopped; they grow in size and power daily, 9
©^ ""* l *£5^^Jr = 5»^— : */L' *&7 j-our step becomes quicker, and you look into the glass and see a MAN; you are CURED? RE- tL
$ ■Ssyiy?£^^L* >^ : STORED! MADE OVER! and the sun shines gladly upon your future. "The world is mine/' |t
2 - ''/{%»•■" you sa >\ an^ the people in it proclaim you a man. So my Belt cures you, and when you pay O
' * * for, it you make an investment which returns you more profit than any that has ever been made ©
I % . ; . . . by m^::. - , O
iS FPFF ROOl^ ver >' man who admires the perfection of physical strength should read my beautifully illustrated book. It tells how %
i 2 riVl-»l-« «-» v - /v -' rv strength is lost and how I restore it with mv Electric Belt. I will send this book, closely sealed, free, upon request. If you e
j are not the man you should be. consult me to-day. Bring or send this ad. 0
I DR. M. C. McLAUQHJ.IN/906 Market St., AbovejEiiis, San Francisco. I
2 (W erer Sold in Drnj Stores.) IiOt Ansrelei. 139 South Eprin? Street. Seattle, 1CS Columbia street. Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. a
O9©©e$o©0©e©0©©©©0©»0e©©©©©©»oa©e©©eee©ee©©*<s3©>39«eo©«©seeo9a«eo©o©©©9»ooeoo©e©a©ooeeeo©©©o
BERKELEY NINE
SHOWS-UP WELL
Captures the Initial Practice
Contest From Oakland Elks'
Team bv Score -of 5 to 3
COLLEGE BOYS HIT HARD
Every M.in on Blue and Gold
Liiic-l-p, With Two Excep
tions, Lands on Ball Safely
BERKELEY. Feb. 20.7 — California's
varsity, nine played and won the lirst
preliminary game on the university
campus this afternoon. Without try
ing hard the team rubbed defeat Into
the hides of nin*» men from the Oak
land Elks V> the tune of 5 to 3. . On
the surface it looked as if the Elks'
nine, v/ith its profeslonals^ might give
the college men weight for age and
then beat them, but it was just the
other way. The collegians had their
mitts out for any kind of a ball all
the time and when it came to stick
work they usually bombarded with
the accuracy of a Japanese cruiser.
For the first time' up they played well
together and the showing put hope
into the hearts of a lot who thought
the varsity wouldn't have a chance
lh!s year^ '
The varsity not only got more runs,
but more hJts and less errors than
their professional and seml-profes
sionar brethren on the other side. For
some reason the fates weren't kind to
Heitmullcr and Bliss, the heaviest hit
ters on the team, who were the only
men who did not hit safely. Every
body cjj^ got one or two hits.
The game demonstrated that the
team will have to practice a little* in
the base running department. When
it came to posing between t>ass the
men seemed as bewildered as hares in
a coursin? park. In the second in
ning the three outs were administered
while the men were trying to do some
Inexplicable thing in hostile territory.
In abont every other inning somebody
was caught sleeping afthe post.
Heitmuller pitched a steady game
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ BBBBI(BHBBIIBBBBaB a
B 4 - • . - - - ■ ' - _^^^^^ m
B SS I F3 BuB S^ ' B ' Hr -Jnr' tn \M
SI En v3^ Mi its »"^ e^k J59 itt%L bS __^Ql ©) Hi
■ ~ Read the following from a well-known merchant on Hayes ■
5 "After, suffering 20 years with a -double Rupture,. I was treated by.. m
B rhe Fidelity Rupture Cure, and was, cured onc f year ago..- Since that H
H time I have been relieved from the discomfort ot wearing a bun- Q
■ gling truss, and from fear of strangulation. .^1 consider myself a H
■ sound man, and take. pleasure in recommending the, Fidelity treat- »
5 • ment. ; , " w - J. RAMSAY, |
H . "511 Hayes st. g
a Mr. Ramsay .vas cured. without losing any time from his busi- B
■ ness. What we did for hini we have. done for .hundreds of others a
■ and can do for. you. Come and sce_us. Consultation is free. H
§ Fidelity Rupture Cure |
■ 1 344 flarket Street 5an Francisco ■
iniiimniiiiHiBuiiiiniiiiiiMiiiiiiiius
1 : ■
and Bliss handled his twisters with
out a. mishap. "Heine" struck out
four of the Elks' herd and only per
mitted them to buck six of his throws
down the field. Even Pete Lohman.
Dunleavy. Hammond and Mosklman.
hard hitters all. were shy on half
hitches on his 3wift ones.; The score:
" elks.
ab. r. bh. sb. po. a. e.
Lohman.c 4 1 1 0 O 2 «
Blether, p •'! 0 ■ « 0 0 5 O
Motkiinan, lb 4 t I 0 11 « 0
Dear., es. 2 1 1 0 4 2 2
Dunleavy. 3b. 4 0 10 :! "» 1
Lynch. If 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
BrlgR*. rf 4 0 2 0 10 0
Hammond. 2b ♦■ 0 0 0 .". 1 3
Kennedy, cf .". 0 0 0 :i 0 J>
Totals 30 3 6 0 27 13' C
CALIFORNIA.
AC. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ada;r.s. ss •". 1 1.0 3, 2 1
Bliss c 4 1 f> 0 " l.o
H«MtinulIer. p 5 0 0 0 - 0 0
Strub. Sb 4 1 1.0 t 1 0
Graham, lb 4 1 t <• 10 2 1
Gi'.llsi. 2b •'! 0 1 0 «> .'J 1
Hamilton, If .4 O 2 0 2 O 0
V.ulzen. tC 4 0 1 O 1 1 0
EwfCXT.cI 4 1 1 0 0 1 .1
Totals 37 5 8 0 27 11 . 4
RUNS AND HITS BY 1XNIXUS.
California O 1 0 1 0 0 :; O 0—5
Ii^se hits 0 :s 1 1 0 O 2 0 1—3
Elks l o o 1 o 1 o o «>— ::
liase hits 2OO10201 0—6
SUMMARY.
Strui-k out — By Ileitrjuller. 4; by Blethen. 3.
Two-base hits— Hamilton. Sweesy. Strab. Gra
ham. Thr**-basc hit— Mosklman. Hit by
pltch;r— Lohm-in. Double play— Adams to
Oraham. TJase.-s on balls — Off Heitmuller, _ 4;
off Iil«"ihen. 4. Umpire — Charles Smith. Scorer
— J. A. Force.
OUR MILITARY POLICY
OFFICIALLY SET FORTH
War Department Publishes the Writ
ings of General Upton,
Strate;:i">t.
The War Department has just pub
lished a remarkably book entitled '•Mili
tary Policy of the United States," by
the late Major General Emory Upton.
General Upton's military career, ac
cording to Secretary Root, who direct
ed this publication, was one of excep
tional excellence and brilliancy. There
fore no one was more fit than he to un
dertake such a difficult task as the
writing of this work. He had riot only
the widtst experience in the field dur
ing tho JJivil War., but he had perfect
genius for organization and tactics.
These attjRnments he supplemented by
a -personal tour of Europe to observe
the workings of the military systems
of that continent, one of the results of
■which was the revolution of the mili
tary-tactics of the United States army:
Although written a quarter of a cen
tury ago, this particular work on'mili-
tary policy was never published by the
Government, and Secretary Root res
cued "it from the millions of documents
in the archives of the War Department
and caused it to be published for the
reason that General Upton's plans and
recomm^idations were prophetic and
are as : sound to-day as the day they
vyere written. He recommended the
three-battalion formation In cavalry
and infantry regime'nts. He recom
mended interchangeable service In staff
and line, as against permanent staff
departments. He recommended exam
inations as conditions to promotions,
and a general staff and the systematic
extension of military education, and all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE COLUMBIA
GEM.Slc
/w^ii^ "TALKING" MACHINES
\ si/r .J£a\ /^t Prices and terms as satis-
viSsSs'-bJ f actor y as the tone quality.
lgppL>^ Columbia Pfionograph Go.
gJS-ssssgg^^ OPEN SATURDAT GE.N'L.. \
E\ EXIN'GS. Manufacturers of Graphophoncs (Disc
SE3TD FOB CATALOGUE and Cxlinder). Records and Supplies.
•^p^st-^. 125 6EART STBEET, SAHRWISCO.
i(iv X ■• % • *^^ -•■-« W4 Witt A 4 v j InV * "* * •n^B B flT r< *''i*
G3tOMM£S fc TJI1I1BICH, t-B I^'jv JfffP SPOZ1T-7ATSXCJC CO^
CHICAGO. ILIi. Telsplioa* Main 536. i
/ -.
of those ideas, then new, are in prac
tice, even as set out in the book.—
Washington Star.
The Fragrant Lemon.
Lemon trees of California are a thing
of beauty and a joy forever. The lemon
is the emblem of productiveness. At
all seasons of the year can be found on
the Itmon tree the blossom, the tiny
formed lemon and lemons in all stage3
of growth to the full-grown fruit. It
is a perpetual bearer. The blossom, the
leaf, the wood, the fruit and all parts
of the tree are delightfully fragrant.—
Country Life.
3536
NEWS OF THE G0IJNTY OF ALAMEDA
MANY ATTEND
ART EXHIBIT
Oakland Salon Attracts a Large
Number of Those Belonging
to the Various Professions
FUTURES ARE EXCELLENT
Fine Programme of Music Is
Rendered by 3Irs. Carrie B.
Dexter and Orpheus Club
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Feb. 20.
- The opening of the Starr King Art
Exhibit to-night brought out one of
the most brilliant gatherings of the
reason. Wendte Hall was . crowded
•with Oakland's elite and praises of
the splendid exhibit were heard on all
fide?. The display is not quite so
large as on former . occasions, but
the quality has been improved and the
general tone is up to a high stand
ard.
An unusual feature this year is the
large number of canvases by non-pro
fessionals. Mrs. A. S. Larkey. a so
ciety woman of Oakland, is exhibiting
two very clever little water-color
sketches. Miss Augusta Zabel has
three really excellent pieces and Mi^s
Jessie Willard's sketches of Chinese
children and a portrait study of a child
were much complimented. Miss Stella
Trask. Miss Margaret Herrick and Miss
Lillian Adams are also local artists and
are showing some delightful work.
Mrs. D. W. Gelwicks has only one
ricture this year, a reminiscent bit in
Mater-color of the San Gabriel Valley.
During the evening a fine pro
gramme of music. was rendered by
Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, Lowell
Kedfield and the Orpheus Club quar
tet. Mrs. Dexter was In especially
good voice to-night, her numbers being
' Midsummer Night's Dream," by
d'Hardelot. and "Who'll Buy My Lav
ender ?'* by German. Mr. Redffeld
sang two of Metcalf's compositions,
"A Xame*' and "At Nightfall.".
Much of the credit of the fine dis
play this year is due to the excellent
judgment and indefatigable work of
Mr?. William Mil wain, ■ chairman of
the committee of arrangements. i
REAJj ESTATi: TRANSACTIONS.
SATl'P.nAV. FEB. 20.
France* and V.altrr E. Coe to Fran* Burns.
lot on ti line oi Greenwich ftrcet, 131:3 W
cf Lagtxsa. V. - £0 by N 137:6; $10.
Henry E. and J^rnie YV\ Bothin to John C.
Bi:ckt:i. lut on JSVf ccrner of Filbert tnd
Jreott etreetf, \V 137:6 by 137:6; 510
Walter 3. Grcjh to Grace M. Toung. lot
r-n NW corner of California and EaWer etreet*.
\V 31:^ by N S»)::U; $10.
Ciiy and county "of Kan Franciico to John
.7. ilorvy. lot on \V line of Lyon etreet, 10«)
N of Of-arr. K 5":fi. W 100, N 40:10, NW
:o4. S 115. E •J0l:«.: $— .
Klfar.or G. and Frank B. £i»ndlsh to Andrew
«r.<l Krr;ma Hanselman. let on N line of Waller
tueet, XiX'Ji W tf Mm-iTiii- avcr.ue, \S' 2<> Vy
N ia7?€; flu.
Lticiu* P. Crawford to L«ura B. Crawford.
Ira on E l!n*> ff Kflvedere *tr»-et, 135 N of
Fnwefidc N Ly EE 121:10: Ci?t.
Jr.hn li. .-. r ; Karauna. K. Dleckniann to
I'<rd:nsna II. Martens and Alfred I. Coffey.
!it on SK ti-rner of WaUer inj fc"hrader ttreets,
lyj by K 33; $lu.
• .'hsries W. Freirlchs to Jchn J. Fredrlchs,
!ot en Ji line of Turk ftrpct, 300 E of North
W'.lltrd. E 32:6 by S 127:6: $10.
1-aiifcen Investment c'«.n:pk.n>' to the city and
<v.unty cf San tYanclsco. let on S line of
■ "orl street. LZ2:i E cf fctanyan. E £7& by E
«<•: $10.
same to Martin II. BohJen. lot on W line
of fhra-ler strtct. 100 S cf Ce.rl. 6 25 by W
1<K>: $H'.
Michael P. ar.-i Nellie Guerin t-j eame, Eim«;
Jio.
J. \V. W'rirht to Anton Halbritter, lot en
W line of Lai>idge street. 173 N «f Nineteenth,
N S5 by TV feo; quit claim deed; 31.
Acton and Emilie Halbrittcr to Thomas Mul
kt-rn. ttme; flo.
Howard A. end Jpr^.e E. Naurr.an to Gustaf
VuT.ltlt.oa. lot on N line of Fifteenth street,
low i: of Church. E 25 by N 110; $10.
Augustus J. Btnkrn to Augustu and Zeta
K. Uluvannette, lot on W line of Hanchcz
nrfet, 134 N of Fourteenth. .N 25 by v\ r 12j;
tu:
Pacific States Savinxe, L<can anj Building
<'orri.ia.Tty to Edward fc't'iK-. lot on N line of
Twent> -pecend etrett, 2iO W of Noe, W 25 by
N 114; $10.
Mary E. Hawley to Amelia P. Hogan, lot
m li line of San Juse btreet, 112 N of Twenty
fljih. N by E f>o; $10.
JYank II. and Klla II. Tyler to Johp and
Anna Hani!eehumachrr. let on N line of
Twentieth street, i-\j iZ «..f tureka, 1Z 25 by N
1H<;-?1«.
Adolph and Elizabeth M. Greub to Henry L.
Davis, lot on W line ot Mason street, 100 X of
KacrjLrnento. N 20. W *5:10. ti E 25:10, N
:- E 60, quitclaim deed; $10.
Truman B. Taylor to Benjamin F. Mead,
let commencing C>:9 \V of Lnvenworth atreet,
1C«:6 S of Clay, S 17:6 by TV 23:&; f5.
Cha.rie« and Lucy Mc-rton to Silvio and
Mario Perasso, let on N line of Pacific street,
45:6 W of Hjdf. \V 23 by N J<7:ti; $10.
Oeorce A. and Sarah E. Merrill. Mary M.
and Geurge B. Uillc-r to Jeremiah O'Shen, lot
on NE comer of Seventeenth and Saa Bruno
streets. E 100 by N 185: $10.
Margaret Webb to Mary A. Webb, lot on
E line of Vermont street, 125 S of Ilumboldt.
Is 25 by E 100; gift.
Can Francisco »nd Fresno Land Company to
City and County of Ean Francisco, lot on E
line of Fifth avenue, 0.V) N of I^ake street
N :;31:C»j, W 71 :3V S 317:10%. B 70: $ .
William P. and Margaret M. Morrison to
A.gnts L. Bums (wife of Thomas S.), lot on
W line of Fixth avenue. 225 N cf Lake street.
N tO by T\" 12U; {10.
Jame* and Apn»t M. GUchrlrt to Phllllmlnia
Osen. lot on W line of Second avenue. 125 N
of California street. N 26 by W 118; $10
• Lucius P. Crawford to Leura H. n. Craw
ford, lot on W line of Twenty-ninth avenue.
HO N of C etreet. N 25 by W 120; gift.
Ferr.ar.do and Julia A. Nelson to James J.
crd May McEntee. lot on TV line of Firtt ave
nue. 200 s of B street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
fame to Ellen E. Minner. lot on E line of
fc>cond avenue. 75 8 of B street, S 25 by E
City Realty Company to Allen E. Pelton
lot on S )lr» of H «tre«>t. S2:6 TV of Fourth
avetiUc. W 25 by S 05; $10.
Ifunnah TVilaon to John J. Gallaeher, lot
en s-E corner of Kieh'^nth avenue and W
eireet. E 240 by 6 COO: $10.
Stlllman L. Magee to City and County of San
Franclpco. lot on W line of Treat avenue 450
S of Precita. S 200 fey E 50:9. to be used as a
fctrwt. Precita Valley. 141 to 144; $ .
Jame« J. Quirk <by James B. Brookii. -trustee)
to Thcre*a M. Brooks, lot on W line of Mission
street, 381:10*5: S of Hlchl&nd avenue. S 66-3
fcy W 105: $672.
Mary E. Crouse to Joseph B. Dunn, lot on
\V line of Lee avenue. 60 N of Grafton street
N M> by W 73. lots 1 to 3, block 2, Lakevlew;
$10. . : ., . .
3. 9. DoIIIver fby J. J. Greif, commissioner)
to Darotliy Duntun, lots 10 and II, block 34,
Paul Tract; $10.
Charles'an* Annie B. Strohmeler to CaUier-
Ir.e Handley, lotc 41 and 42, Precita Valley.
Cohen's gift map; $10.
Chsrl«*s <i. and Rose E. Ftu'hr. to Conrad ana
Julia FrtSfrieks. lot on S llne v -«f Plymouth
street. 2S3:1 E of Holly. E 25 by S 100. lot
J5. block 3. Holly Park; $10.
frame t«» Phebe F. Pldwell. lot on 6 line of
riymoutb «tr»et. 25S:1 E of Holly. B 25 by.
£ 100. lot 14, block 3. came; $10.
Estate cf Gecrge F. Reynolds (by Sophy E.
Ttrynolds. administratrix) to W. Ectes von
Krakau. lots 341 to 343. Precita Valley: $9000.
W. E. and Clara von Krakau ■ to Reynolds
Chemical T>'orks, same; fdOOO.
Mary >• ">d George W. Haskeil (by Wil
ll»ny H.-Bremer and II. Levy, trustees) to Bay
City Building and Loan Association, 1032 D.
180 Jot on T«"W line of Miguel street, 200 NE
<<t Mnnnt Vernon, ICE 80 by. NW 103:0, Ipts 62
and M. 6*n Miguel Homestead; $400.
Bay City Building and Loan Association to
Oscar Heyman. «atne; $10. , •
Builders' Contracts.
William E(!e Company (owners) with P. H.
Jackson &Co. (contractors), architect William
Curlett— Artlclal etone eidewalk- and galvan-
Iced «tcc! reding work for building on the
B line ot Msxket street. 76 E of Ninth. E 80.
SAYS JACKSON
DECEIVED HIM
Ex-Secretary of Oakland Board
of Works Is Charged With
Larceny by James Schaack
WARRANT OUT FOR ARREST
Accused Man Is Prominent
in Church Circles and Is
Well Known in Community
- Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 20.
On the complaint of James Schaack,
541 Nineteenth street, a warrant was
issued to-day for the arrest of R. H.
Jackson, formerly secretary of the
Board of Works, on a charge of grand
larceny. According to the statement
made by Schaack he bought a half-in
terest in a livery business conducted by
Jackson at 774 Telegraph avenue,
agreeing to pay $1500 therefor. After
paying the sum of $900, Schaack says,
he discovered that seven horses and
the personal property of the stable were
mortgaged already.
"I was induced," says Schaack, "to
invest in tj\e livery business. I have
paid Mr. Jackson $900. A few days ago
I discovered that the horses and per
sonal property were mortgaged to the
California Bank. I did not have any
knowledge of the prior mortgage."
Mr. Jackson left for San Francisco
early In the day and could not be seen
to get his version of the transaction.
The former secretary of the Board of
Works is high in church circles.
FREDERICK PERMIEN
FOUND DEAD IX BED
Retired Sea Captain Expires Suddenly
in Ills Room nt the Colenian
House.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— Frederick W.
Permien, a retired - sea captain, 82
years of age. was found dead in bed
this morning in his room at the Cole
man House, 754 Seventh street, of
which he was the proprietor. Death
is suDposed to have been caused ,by
apoplexy.
The deceased was well known in
this city, where he has resided for
many years. He leaves four sons and
a daughter, all of whom reside in
Oakland.
Marriasu Licenses.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The follow
ing marriage licenses r/ere issued by
the County Clerk to-day: George
Doerr, 24, and Julia ScUmtdt, 23, both
of San Francisco; Joseph T. Eagan,
24. and Ida A. Joesten, 21. both of
San Francisco; Burdette Cornell, over
21, and Eugenia Weisman, over 18.
both of Sacramento; Benjamin John
son, 24, Petaluma, and Mijf. Martha
Marshall, 24, San Francisco; Irving J.
Fairbanks. 29, and ; Edna Boudreau,
IS, both of Oakland.
Union Expels Unnatural Son.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20, — Peter Knuth,
the man who is now serving a six
months 1 sentence in the County Jail
for brutally beating his aged mother,
was expelled from the local Teamsters'
Union last night, the executive board
of the union agreeing that Knuth was
unfit to be a member of the organiza
tion.
Begin Stilts for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — Suits for di
vorce were filed to-day by Agne3 W.
Ipswitch against George Ipswitch and
Robert B. Keim against Mabel O.
Kc-im on the ground of cruelty. The
Keims have only been married two
mo.nths, but find incompatibility will
forever keep them from living hap
pily. '
Death of Rev. Mr. Randolph.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — The Rev.
Samuel B. Randolph died • this even
ing at his home in East Oakland, aged
42 years. He had been a professor of
Greek and Latin in the California Bap
tist College and was deemed a very ef
ficient instructor.
Saloon Is Robbed.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The Turf sa
loon, corner of Seventh and Wood
EtreetB, was entered Ia3t night by a
rear window and $2 in small coin
taken. .
■'■:• •. ■ ;/.--,-
S 1C5. W 125 N 70 thtr.ee 75 to point N 90 to
beginning: $4208.
C. W. Taber fowner) with Joseph A. Mc
laughlin (contractor), erehitect C H. Bar
rett — All work, except gracing, concrete and
cement work, pluifibing. xas fitting, sewer,
utphalt roofing, mantels, gas fixtures, electric
wiring and window shades, for a thrse-stcry
and basement frame building on corner of
Twenty- fourth elreet and Orange alley; $7900.
Sjp.ij <jw ner with C. P. Wilson (contractor),
architect eamc — Concrete work and excavating
tor tame on seme; (11 SO.
Same owner •* 1th Sclianz & Grundy tcon
tractor*), architect same — Plumbing, ett., for
wme on came; $1345.
Gottlieb Grau (owner) with ChrUt Schwelzes
and Herman H. Itergfeld (contractors).
architect— All work for a two-ttory frame
building on SW corner of Brazil avenue and
Madrid street: $4250. '
Harvey H. Dana (owner) with U. L. Peter
sen (contractor), architects Cunningham &
Politeo — Excavating, bulkheading and concrete
work for an eight -story and basement brick
building on HK conur of Union square avenue
and Stockton street, S 44 by E 70; S45C0. -
Same owner with Dyer Bros.' Golden West
Iron Works (contractors), architects, sama —
Iron and *teel work setting of same for tame
on same; $7*00. • ■ •■■
Same owner with O. E. Brady & Son (con
tractcr*), architects same — Granite, brick and
terra cotta work for. same on same; $12,U75.
Jamil C. and Lucy McPhiletney towneis),
with S. H. Robinson (contractor),- architect
Charka J. Rousseau — All work except mantels,
gas fixtures and grates for a two-story and
basement frame bulldlnr (flats-), on W line of
Folsom street, 250 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by
W 122:6, MB 172; $4«W9. • .'■::.
3. li. CHclzcla (owner) with Pette.-ioa &
Pereson (contractors), architect J. .A. Porpo
rato— All work . exc«ot fainting, plumbing,
marble and mosaic work, shades and chande
liers for * two-story and basement frame resi
dence en W line of Larkln street, 103 N of
Green (former line). 110:6 J* of present line,
N 27 by W 137 :«; $4500.
Marraret J. Morffew and Amanda C. Crook*
(owners) wltlt M. F. Gale (contractor), archi
tects H*n»nw»y & Miller — Removal of brick
and' frame walls and reconstruction of same
for building on N line of Jessie street. 83 E
Third. E 34:6, N 1SS. W 60. S 69, R 21:6. E
'Amelia Cross (owner) with J. V. Campbell
(contractor), architect — All work for a two
story frame building on N line of Clement
street. 81 W of Eighth avenue, W 26 by ; N
108. OL. 174; $47CO.
James E. Ixnncn and A. Knowles (owners)
with Georsre Peterson (contractor), plans by
owner — All work except plumbing, plaeterlng.
painting, pradlrr. brick, concrete work, shades
and gas. fixtures for two three-story and base
ment frame buildings (flats), on E line of Wal
ter street. 16S N of Fourteenth, N 50 by E
125; IC6C0.
THE SAN ,, FRANQSCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, , l90-i
ADJUTANT GENERAL LAUCK
ADDRESSES "OLD GUARD"
Members of Company A, of Which Governor Pardee Was
Once 'Captain,' Gather at Their Annual Reunion and
Cheer Speeches Recounting Glories of Organization
OAKLANI), Feb. 20.— General J. B.
Lauck, the newly appointed adjutant
general of the National Guard of Cali
fornia, addressed the members of the
"Old Guard" and the. members of Com
pany A. .N. G. C, at the annual re
union and banquet held to-night at
Armory Hall.
Governor George C. Pardee, who filled
successively every office in old Com
pany A, was also expected to be pres
ent, but was unable to "attend. He sent
the following telegram in explanation
of his failure to appear:
"General J. B. Lauck, Armory of
Company A, Twelfth and Franklin
streets: I am'afraid to venture out. I
am with them in spirit and congratulate
them on their adjutant general.
"GEORGE C. PARDEE."
Captain. A. W. Burrell, retiring com
mander of the "Old Guard," delivered
a short: address, introducing "Adjutant
Generui Lauck, who proposed the
health "of the absent commander in
chief. Governor Pardee. after which he
told the history of the service of the
chief executive of the State in the Na
tional Guard, from 'his enlistment as
a -drummer boy in the old Oakland
guard to his present position as com
mar.der in chief. He said:
Governor Pardee Is eminently fitted for his
present position a? head of the National Guard
of California, for hp- has jtrved ln^'every office
from corporal to ca,ptulri In his company and
to on through the - offices on the general's
staff, and It Is well known that no man In
capable of assuming command until lie has
learned well how to obey. It is the wish of
(Jovernor Pardee t* s»« .the .National Uuard
of this State brought tn the hlghext. possible
state of efficiency, and we, as menibers'flf the
"Old Guard." should endeavor tp build up. the
"Young Guard."
AT HEAD OF LIST.
Where does California stand to-day in rela
tion to her National Guard? At the head of
the list. And the people of this State, Instead
of ridiculing its members as "tin soldiers' \ as
they cee them pans en the streets, should Irnri
every aid In their power to make the' organ
ization perfect, fur In time of trouble or riot
who are the first to be called upon? At times
when military protection . is neeesefcry for the
lives and property of the r^'Tl'f the chief ex
ecutive of the Etate i* asked tl call out the
National Guard, and we have the material In
this Etate to make the finest National Guard
in the United States. And there In another
reason why the organization should be made
perfect. None of us can tell where the trouble
in the Far East will end. and It Is possible
that before the end comes this country may
be involved. Through the Golden .Gate, went
the first regiment of soldiers that j ever left
the United Etatev for fcrelgn service, and who
knows when It may be necessary for the Presi
dent to once more call for volunteers,- and the
first men to be called out will be the members
of the National Guard. . ." ,.- • . '
General Lauck then announced that
his first official* visit as adjutant gen
eral would be paid 1 to Company A on
Thursday, March 3.
"Our Glorious". Flag" was the subject
of an address by Captain 'Walter J.
Peterson, who said' in part:.
CHERISH -ASSOCIATIONS.
. "We learn toj-cherjsh .things, j not for
their inlrinsidTvpiue.^but:' because- of
their associations.', Our,' o&n beloved
emblem fires the' hearts' of all ;true
Americans -with patriotic zefel. . Its bril
liant red teaches us to : remember the
heroes who brought it Into ;ex"fetence to
symbolize the' birth of freedom;, its ce
rulean blue; is .emblematic of . truth,
honor, and principle, and 'its spotless
whfte typifies the purity of r intention
■which actuated our 'forefathers who
conceived it. -Its stars are;a coronet' of
freedom, and:its stripes trie scourge of
oppression." '. , t . ,';; ; .
• The other speakers and their, subjects
were: "Oakland -as: I -.First Knew- It,"
Lieutenant Henry Maloori : ."Under An
other Flag." Captain A. W. Bufr.ell;
ADJUTANT GENERAL. OF CALI
FQRNIA. WHO WAS A GUEST
. AT THE OLD GUARD BANQUET.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. 2O.--T1i« craduate stu
dents of the 'univerilt" h?.ve voted to .par
ticipate In the etudfint labor day. work' h:iJ
to uerfcfm their "allotment of tasks. ' Thty
have selected Charles T. Uozier, -. r*is!dent of
the graduate club, to represent them" on the
committee of regular students. ' -'• fi '
The annual military ball will b« given im
mediately after lient, - on a dat« yet to b?
flxe,d.:« Adjutant Charles Young Is In:- charts
of the effair and he has appointed' the fellow-
Ing committees to help him: . Arrangements—
Captains A. -■ H. ; 'Mowbray. • A. ', It:' Triuh/jzcn,
A. \Y, Fo»t*r: decoration— Caritains'ilH. ! Il]
Minor. O. li. Bal^wjn, \V«/,W. fjtfott antJ.Lieu
tenants . Rolf " Thelen . and R. W. -;Wiirdvw!ll;
reception— Captains Max Thelen H. T. Wayne,
R. J. Soraers, C. "\V. Kohn and Lieuttpapts H.
P. Mack'e and J. A. Force.
■The last' Lick Observatory •hulletlh'VfssU'cd
contains observations 'of the .fifth $s!tejltti of
Jupiter in 19W. observations of • the-sat«|lifs
of Uranus In 100:r»!!.l rcr.asiires of,4h- aaUI
lltes of Neptune In lnOl-HW. Tl-.e mfi-urM
of the fifth satellite bt Juriter'and b* the two
inner satellites ot Uranus are «.r spe.-la! I.i
tcrest, a». owlns: to the fa!ri«.n?!>* of -tijes-i
objects, they have In reco:;t years. l.e<>n rjw.is
ured with the ei-eat teltiscriwes nf the TcrU«»
and Lick observatories. The ob»crvatirfi«* were
made by Assistant Astronomer It. C. Aitken.
The Banjo Club recently elected to mem
bership the fcllcwinc named, vho have had
three months or more try-ujt: A. W. Gorrill,
'06: C. J. Cox. 'CO; W. P. Qlilttte: 't-;; J.n.
Warner. '07: A. L. trinrk. T7: .f. P. Prendsr
ga?t, '05. and TV. E. Hawlcr, 'OC. , .■■
LLOYD'S EST-ATJB IS WORTH
MORE THAN' HALF MILLION'
Consists Largely of Bonds In Corpora
. tions and Realty in Southern
Vptx. of .Stnto.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20. — An appraise
ment of the estate of Charles R. Lloyd
filed here to-day shows th*at the prop
erty is worth $544, 644. The shooting
of Lloyd by his nephew, his ■ death,
the disinheritance of his son and the
latter's unsuccessful attempt to break
the will attracted considerable atten
tion.
The estate consists of cash:
5406G 70;VHf e insurance, $7000; 187
bonds .of the Sacramento Gas and
Railway Company,. $187,000; 250
bonds of the Pacific Light and Power
Company, $250,000; claim ;against the
San Bernardino Gas and Electric
Company. $20,280 10; realty in the
southern part of the State, $76,297 50;
total, '$544/644 30.
Church Gets Its Bequest.
, OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The distribu
tion of the estate of the late Robert
McDonald*of Haywardswas ordered by
Judge Greene to-day, and the payment
of a $2000 legacy to Bishop' 0ch6ls of
the Protestant Episcopal Church was
consented to by ail the heirs. The fact
that he. died within thirty days after
making 'the bequest invalidated that
portion of the will, unless all the heirs
agreed to it. Their wrltten.consent was
presented : to the court. The money
was left for the church of Hay wards,
the interest of the sum to go toward
.paying the salary of the minister.
Funeral - of Sirs. I Inttlc Grunt.
t, OAKLAND.. Feb. 20.— The .funeral
of Mrs. Hattie'Van Auken Grant was
held to-day under the joint auspice3
"at Enclnal Circle Noi 631". Women of
JWoodcraf t, and Oakland Lodge No.
X 2 3, Fraternal Brotherhood.. The re
mains were' incinerated at the Oak
land Crematory. ',' -;. '/Y?, • '
"The Old Guard in Younger Days,"
Captain H. N. Morse: "Recollections of
the Railroad 'Strike,!' Major C. T. Poul
ter; "Battle of Tripe Hill." Captain G.
B.. Daniels; '"Company A of To-day,"
Captain E. C. Hunt.
• Then followed the presentation of a
picture of Captain •Burrell on behalf of
Mrs. Burreir by J.' Tregloan, and : of a
vase to Judge George H. Fogg.'the old
est member of the ' "Old Guard,", by
Judge George Samuels. '•„''.
The" following officers were elected for
the present year: President, Captain
A. L.: Smith: vice' president,.Lleutenant
Charles G; Reid; fsecretary,'. Lieutenant
W. • J.. Downey; .';treasur«ri- Lieutenant
Martin Ryan; executive committee—
J. J. '''Neagle.' Fred Gartner, Jery Tyr
rell, Henry, Maloon and W. J. Peterson.
GOMES TO TAKE
WHEATON BACK
Police Detective of New York
Arrives to Extradite jSxperv
Said to Be Short in Accounts
WIFE WILL FOLLOW HIM
Her Devotion to Snouse Re-
sults in Friends Coming to
Her Assistance With Funds
Oakland Oft^ce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 20.
Detective Sergeant Brown of New
York City arrived to-day to take Wil
liam C. Wheaton, an expert accountant,
back to that city to face a charge' of
embezzling . $1500 preferred by . the
wholesale firm of Chesbro Bros. Gov
ernor Pardee ,has already signed . the
extradition, papers, and the prisoner,
who was taken Into custody two weeks
ago by Chief of Poiice Hodgkins, will,
probably leave within the next two or
three' days.
Mrs. Wheaton, the young wife of the
accused man, who has been left alone
in the world with two small babe3, will
not have to remain here, as originally
supposed, but will follow her husband
soon to New York. Her devotion to her
spouse since his arrest has been very
touching. She made daily visits to the
jail, giving what comfort she could to
her life partner. The wife stoutly main
tains her husband's innocence. Her de
votion and ladylike demeanor have
won friends for her, and it is through
their efforts she will be able to £O to
Kew York. When informed of this fact
this morning by Chief of Police Hodg
kihs her face lighted up with the first
smile of happiness since her husband's
arrest, v_
Detectivc Brown says Wheaton was
considered among the very best ac
countants of New York.
MAX SITS ALL NIGHT ,
WITH A BROKEN' LEG
At Receiving Hospital John Kaler Is
Unable to Tell How lie
Got Hurt.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20.— With his an
kle broken and out of joint. John Ka
ler, a laborer living at 1723 Eighth
street, sat all night on the curbing
at Second and Madison^ streets last
night, audit was not until 5 o'clock
this morning that he was sufficiently
jvviire of his condition to'a-sk for as
eistance.
The peculiar feature of Kaler's
story 13 that he is unublo to tell how
ho got hurt. At the Receiving Hos
pital to-day he said he vemembers
going down \6 the part or* -the town
where he was hurt early in the even
ing He denies lie had been"drinking
heavily. At about daylight thi3 morn
ing he attempted to get up and found
that he' could not. -walk. He dragged
himself to the door of a house- anil
the inmates telephoned for the police
patrol. :,?. V ". " •
CLARKS IS CARRYING
ANOTHER MAX'S CHECKS
Police Say That One for $100 Belong
ing to J. S-" Xortheut
Is Missing.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— On searching
Janies Clark, who was arrested early
this morning for drunkenness, the
police discovered that he had on him
a" check for $100, two purses and a
membership card of the Eagles, all, of
which belong to John S. Northcut,.re
siding at the corner of Sixth and
Washington streets, whom ,Cla$k is
supposed to be nursing through an ill
ness.
Another check for $100. belonging
to Northcut cannot be found. The po
lice may prefer a charge against Clark.
Grant Teachers' Certificates.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20.— The County
Board of Education to-day, recom
mended to.the State board that a uni
versity document be issued to F. M.
Hanna and grammar school life di
plomas to G. McKeever and S. Eu
bank. Certificates were granted as
follows: High school, Louise J. Hol
ling; grammar grade, E. May Wal
kins; special in music, Helen S. Brad
ford; permanent high school, A. W.
Scott; permanent grammar grade, F.
I. de Wolfe and A. M. Duren; perma
nent primary grade. M. .E. Cincannoh.
Nearly Insane for Love.
OAKLAND,* Feb. 20? — Because of
unrequited affection. Bertha Weiner,
daughter of I. Weiner, a San Fran
cisco liquor, merchant, residing in
Alameda, has worried hereelf into
such a state of health that her father
preferred a charge of insanity against
her. The charge was dismissed to-day
by Judge Ogden and the girl was tak
en to a Livermore sanitarium. . §he
had said nothing about the entangle
ment, of her affections to her parent,
who was at a loss to explain her pe
culiar conduct. : 7iV ; .
IJoard of Directors Elected.
OAKLAND. Feb. 20.— The stock
holders of the Compressed Air House
cleanins Company have elected the
following board of directors for the
present year: William' F. Burbank.
Professor C. L. Cory. Anson S. Blake,
Hugo Duven'ecK and Dr. Edward von
Randall Not Expected to Live.
OAKLAND, Feb. 20. — Professor S.
B. Randall of California College is in
a critical condition from heart trouble
and the doctors attendins him have
little hope- of saving his life. Pro
fessor Rartdallhas been" at California
College for more than seven years.
Funeral of Mrs. Mury F. Marsten.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2O. : — The funeral
of Mrs. Mary F. Marsten, who died at
Pnsadena*on February 17, will be held
Monday morning 1 . at 10 o'clock from
the undertaking parlors of Albert
Brown. \ . ■•? ' . ■
k> ; BERKELEY, Feb. 20.— The funtrai
of. the late Mrs. Margaret, Doble was
held to-day from the residence of her
daughter, Mrs. Francis Ferriery at 2322
Fulton street./
LABORER STRUCK
BY TWO TRAINS
Charles Ilasselkns Used as a
Shuttlecock Between Rail
road Cars at the Depot
AR3I AND LEG BROKEN
Steps Off of Freight, Is Hit
by Locomotive, Hurled Back
and Dashed to the Ground
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 20.
Charles Hasselkus, a laborer, was
struck by the 9 o'clock Berkeley local
at Sixteenth-street depot this evening
while dismounting from a freight train,
and was hurled back with great force
against a boxcar and severely Injured.
His right arm was broken below the
elbow and both bones of his right leg
were broken just below the knee. In
striking the ground the unfortunate
man's nose was almost torn from his
face, and his scalp was lacerated in
several places.
Hasselkus had ridden to Sixteenth
street on the freight train, but from
what point he was not able to tell, and,
as the train began to slow up to allow
the Berkeley local to pass, he got off
on the side toward the track on which
the Berkeley train was approaching
and, not v noticing the coming train,
stepped directly in front of the locomo
tive, which struck him on the right
side, hurling him back against the
freight train, injuring him' as stated.
Hasselkus is 2G years of age and is a
native of Rockford, Ohio.
dumping criminals
int*o the * united states
Police or Europ« Systematically Rid
ding Tftcmselvcs or Undesirable
Characters.
Now, all of this goes to- prove one of
the most important facts in connection
with Italian emigration; that the ques
tor of each district is slowly and effect
ually clearing the district of its crimi
nal class by dumping the lot into North
and South America, the most danger
ous coming to the United States as the
best field for their future operations.
Here is the syllogism:
Since American police records and
prison statistics, especially those of the
United States secret service, show large
and increasing 1 - numbers of Italian
criminals In this country. %
And since the mass of these can en
ter only 'by immigration.
And since the emigrant must have a
passport from the chief of v his local
police district.
And since even' criminal's record is
kept In the- district in -which he was
born, and he must so there to get the
brrth certificate, on which he gets 'his
passport. ■ . • '-
Then these thousands of passports
issued annually to criminals are given
by Chiefs of Police who know the rec
ords of the men wher are receiving
them and are thu3 deliberately rid
ding their districts of them to save
themselves trouble and Increase their
reputation for efficiency.
That those secret instructions which
are issued from Rome to the chief of
each district advise any such procedure
I do not believe. They do advise, so I
have b^en reliably informed, that pass
ports be not issued to prostitutes easy
of detection or to persons over 45, In
asmuch as both classes are very nearly
sure to be turned back and to become
a matter of expense to the Government.
That is th<» bugatoo cf Italian st.-tts
n.3n, expense.— Leslie's Monthly.
A CHARACTER FACTORY'
OF XEW ENGLAND
• There is a school in Springfield,
Muss., whose business it is to train
young men and women of foreign
birth or parentage for intelligent
American citizenship. If is a small
school and feeble, whose slogan is not
chanted by throngs of friends on ath
letic fields or at alumni banquets,
whose name is unknown outside of the
little round of its immediate activity.
But to every American of the old stock
who holds his country dear the
French-American college must be an
object of interest. It is an effort to
develop a force which shall help to
save New England to herself, to pre
serve the old type of civilization now
so vigorously threatened by the con
stantly rising tide of immigration.
The lack of work for the students is
a serious matter. For this is a poor
man's college, and most of the stu
dents work out a considerable part of
their expenses. The boys, take care of
the buildings and grounds and the
girls work in the women's hall, help
about the cooking, and serve in. the
dining-room. There is a printing of
fice which furnishes most of the work
for the young men. The college pub
lishes the French-American Citizen, a
pixteen-page weekly paper on which
the students do all the w : ork except the
printing, for they have no press.
Every boys learns the" printer's" trade.
A schedule is made out each week and
posted on the bulletin* board showing
the amount of type each 'must set. •
There is a regular form 1 of contract
which each. student signs at; entrance.
It sets forth just what his" expenses
will be for the year (the average 1 13
less than $130). and "he states the
amount he is prepared to pay in cash.
The rest he pays in manual lahor and
the college frankly declares that inas
much as labor is, not worth so much to
it ; as money, he will be required to
work 20 per cent more than he is
charged in cash. — Collier's Weekly.
Want Leap >Ycar Hights.
The girls of Minnesota find that their
leap year privileges are not what they
should be. and have called upon Gov
ernor Van Sant through a letter writ
ten by. one of their members appointed
as a committee of one asking that the
Governor proclaim their leap year
rights in order that the young men of
the State may be brought to a realiza
tion'of their duties during leap year.
The Governor will not make known .the
name and olace of residence of.his t cor
respondent, but [admits that the letter
comes from a prominent young woman
of one of the large, cities of . the - State.
The young women would have it, the
Governor says, that the young men
must accept if the ladles propose to
them.,. "The": Governor is* seriously con
sidering : the matter.— Chicago Chroni
cle, t. ■ ■'.■.:;:<;■
BRANCH OFFICES '■
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1113 Broadway.
Tclrphone Mr.ln tOSX
BERKELEY. .;
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
ALA3IEBA.
S«S5 Park Street.
Telephone Ea^ls 302.
STATIONARY ENGINEERS
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
Installation followed by Banquet
Made Enjoyable by Speeches
and 3Iusic.
The State Convention of the National
Association of Stationary Engineers
was held yesterday In Foresters' Hall,
where th? following named were elect
ed officers for the current term: E. A.
Stanley, president; F. Rademacher.
vice president; A. E. Barnhardt. secre
tary, and C. Elsasser, treasurer. Con
siderable business -was transacted :of
interest only, to the members.
After the Installation of the officers
there, was a banquet in a Powell-street
rotlsserie, where H. D. Saville acted
as toastmaster. Between courses there
was instrumental . music. Qf the 150
present the following named were
called upon to respond to toasts:
George W. Dickie, Frederick "W. Fisher.
E. A. Stanley. Thompson P. Jarvis, W.
T. Bonney. Herman Schussler, G. W.
Leale and C. H. S. Stutt.
The affair, a very pleasant one, was
under the direction of H. D. Saville.
A. P. Perry, E. M. Pomeroy. H. W.
Noeltlng, W. T. Bonney, H. Myer,
Charles Dick. Charles Elsasser and T.
P. Jarvis. • . .
RINGLEADER, OF. REVOLTING
CONSTABLES TO BE, HANGED
Corporal Awala Is Tried and Convicted
by the Court at VIgnn and Sen
tenced to Death.
MANILA, Feb. 20. — Corporal Awa
la, ringleader of the members of the
constabulary who recently revolted at
Vigan, Luzon, -was captured last Mon
day. He has since been tried, con
victed and sentenced by the- court at
Vigan to be hanged. Very tevr of the
men who deserted their posts remain
uncaptured and most of the arms and
ammunition they took with them have
been recovered. A reward of $2500
has been offered "for the capture of
Iticarte, the revolutionary leader.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Akuncda County.
SATURDAY. FEB. CO.
Hoicorcb .Land Company (corporation).
(Uernn-Holycmb Company) to A. - W. Coffln.
lot 13. block J. map Xo. 2. Linda Vista Te*--
Vaie. Onklard (recorded Febiuary 10. 19C-4); |U*
Cora A. Hoalrt to MaNl M. bird (wife tu
C. AV. Birii). lot en N lin» of SJverman a*enu<\
410 E of TeUrrauh. E SO by N* 115.. Jots S3
anil 33>i. amended maw .of , subdivision* <i'
M^p.iwooft Tr.icr. **o.. de»d giv«n. trt corrert :*
mistake! in deseeiptloa. SC3 D. 3. Oakland: *ll>.
Laura A. and ,i. .vliwt li-ra to Henry I..
Ptrrls, .Tot S. tlotfc 4:'J, - n^ap JJu. 2. Briggs
Tract. Oakland;, f 10. i .',.-,<(
. Hcl'eomb Land Company leerporatton) - tr»
.Ilougbtcn Company (corporation), all .huerest
In 041 I)..-41»;, deed of tn*t nsmi«~ny Ralph
K. Lee. dated Jar.uary 6. 19M. 8W 23 feet lot
2 and NE 27 feet- lot. 3. block v\ Oakland View
Homestea'd Association. Oakland, deed and as
signment: $10.- ' -.•.■'..•>■ - : -.. ■•
iSame to Minnie B. Houghtrm; ail -Interest
In O.V» D. 144./ dee<X inada by LeS'L. Nichols,
dated February 13. 1904/ for jrT200. lot 34.
block F. map N'o. 2. Linda Vista Terrace, Oak
land, deed and assignment; $10.
Delia Hanratty (or Hanratta> .to Mary Jane
and Margaret Alice Hauratty (botji starlet,
lot on sy/ corner of Telegraph avenue (10O
feet wide) and FaSrview or rtlxty-»Uth street
46O feet wide). SW"40, S"W 10O.7S. NW 3$.M.
Nil 111.47; also. lot on S line of FalrvV w or
SIsty-slTth street, "etc.. distant SW 231.47
firm W line of Telerraph. avenue, etc., SE
120 by SW 40;.al«o lot oa S line of Fairview
or Sixty-sixth street, etc., djstaht SW 271.47
frcrr W line of Tele-graph avenue, eto., SB
120 by SW 28; also lot on W line of Telegraph
avenue, etc., distant SW 40 from S line of
F«irvlew--or Sixty-sixth street. ■ etc., SW 4<>,
SW 90.00. NW 3S.55. KB lflO. 78. Oakland ; «lft.
Same to Margaret Alice Uasmtty. lot on
W line of Telegraph avenue.- etc.. 80 SW from
S line of Falrv'lew or Sixty-sixth street, etc..
SW M.W. SW 287.60. NW 14.45. NE 213. NW
42-.80. NE 00.09 to beginning. Oakland; gift.
Same to John S. Hanratty (single)* lot on
S line of Fairvlew or Sixty-elxta street, etc..
191.47 W of Telegraph avenue, etc., SB 120 by
SW 40. Oakland: gift.
Same to. Delia C. Market fwlJVcf Cay), lot
on 3 line of. FaJrview or Stxty-«xtli street.
etc., 111.47 Vf of Telegraph avenue, €te... SH
120 by SW 40, Oakland: gift. -
Sams to Mary. Jane Hanratty (alagley, lot on
W line of Telegraph ave.. etc. 13S.03 8 of
Falrview or Sixty-sixth street, etc.. SW W. SW
272.90, NW 52.94. NE 287.60. Oakland: gift.
Same to Arthur F. Hanratty, lot on S line of
Falrview or Sixty-sixth street, etc., 15L47 W
of Telegraph avenue, etc., SE. 120 by SW 40,
Oakland: sift.
Alice C. and Charles A. Bailey fby Raymond
II. Bailey his attorney) to Alfred Hnd4leston».
lot on E fine of Fifth street.- 400 S of Holyoke.
S 102 :« by E 130. block F. tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley; $10. ■■-*■- .
B. L. and Nellie B. Hodghead to Earl H.
Webb, lot 13, block 3,' amended map portion
La Loma Park. Berkeley; $10. -
Harry. II. and Vlrglna M. Webb- (hy Alfred
von der Rap. attorney) to John H. Grtiwold.
lots 1 and 42. block t). amended map Central
Park. Alcatraz 'and Newbury stations, Berke
ley; $10. • * "
• Edward T. and Annie F; Johnson to Id* B.
Winters, lot en W line'of Lies* avenue. 279.D7
from SW line of old county road from Oakland
to San Leandro. W 263.31. SW 50. S 283.31. NE
5O to beginning, portion plat 4, map 22-acr*
tract surveyed for Hese Bros... Berkeley; $10.
Charles II. Ham to Lucy II. Ham (wife), lot
on SE corner, cf Hibbard street' and Buena
Vista avenue. E 109 by S 123, block 41. Enci
nal. Alameda: $
Elizabeth Hardman and Charles H. Ham
to Lucy Hyde Ham. lot on N line of Railroad
Avenue. 133 H of Ch«stnut street. E 32:6 by N
140. Alameda: J1500.
C H.Pmy (single) to M. Carroll, lot on N
line of Railroad avenue (or Seventh). *J2 E
of Klrkhani street. N 1*7.60 by EM. portion
blocks 533 anU-334, Boardmaa's map, -Oak- ;
land: $10.
p. H. and Maricaret A. Webster to Mauds B.
Blocser (wife of Daniel M.). lot on N line of
Parsons (o- Fifty-fifth) "street. 208.69 W - of
Park. W"42 by M 01, portion lot 19. block V.
(Jaskell Tract. Oakland; $10." . .
Walter A.- and Adeline .1,. Heavor to Ber
nard, Ransome. J>look F.2. Freeman's map of
San Artonfo.. East Oakland: $10. .
,Kate L. and O. L. Ftta (husband, and as at
torney), and William- and C. T... Nlcol to
Charles W. Stockett. lot on W. ltrie of -Union
street. SO N of Grant. N 50 by. W ICO. block
O. new map of portion . of Lynn Homestead,
adjolnln; East Oakland.- East Oakland- ■'$,*».
A. II. an-1 Elisabeth Long (wire) to Caroline
51. Andrews, lot cn^NE- corner of 'Forest and
Piedmont avenues (Center). E 123 by N 103:8
lots 3 and 4. block C. property " of Brekefey
Homestead Association. Berkeley $100
Cornelia B. «nd John C. . Collrn* to ' M P
Eastman, lot on N'E rorner of Russell and Ful
ton .treats. N 44;lO by U 12.",, lot I Nock O
map of S rorllon r>t Vs\*kr estate. Berkeley- $U>"
Berry- liars* Land Company (a corpora
t on) f> Catherine A. Hathaway, lot an Vf
line of College avenue. 20»> S of Stuart
£"**. 3J '*> °y W "Clots 5 and VwSrk
J. Berry Bangs Tract. Map 2 deed and
agreement. Berkeley; Sic- .
Clarence and Francis S. or France. S
Orange (wife) to Ruby C. - Ward lot. dn N
line of Essex street. 273 " W of Shattuck
avenue W 38:4 by: N lor, portion of lot*
14 and l£ block K. map A. portion of
DerkeTey- $10°* PUt W F*™*" R«ncho.
Charle, R Llovd to Mary C. Lloyd (wife),
lot on N line of Channlnx way 100 E of
Dana street. E 123 by N ISO. Berkeley; gift. .
John P. and -Elizabeth Moran (wife) to C.
w x°. r vVrTrJ°T C - R - Lord. and- Henry
W -. T ."£l or) io! ot .. b * |rlnn!n ' lr •>* P 011^ on S line
L" J°J. 1D1 E of . Spring street. E 100 N
'?• lon ? ? Hnr of Vln « Point opp<v
slta point xf beg«nn»n R ..g' O p . line In paral
l«l Spring at right aigles to- 8 line
i . ?n l Z f * lnnln »-'*«'n» EtO9 feet of
lot 20. block, 3. » property, of Berkeley View
Homestead ■ Association. ■ excepting" portion
dedicated for : street purposes as p«r man.
Hawthorne Terrace, Berkeley; $23001_ ' AI>VEBTISEMENTa
>o aooocoao®<»eoe3o@oo»a<>oeccoeceo9oo6«eo6*eee
Dry Goods # Company |
ISMART GARMENTS! 1
Hany New Shapes and Patterns, confined cxdusiyely to ' %
oar hotisc in abundant variety, reflecting superior qualities. •
HAN TAILORED NOVELTY SUITS I
WALKING SUITS \
CLOTH AND ETAMINE DRESS SKIRTS . J
WALKING SKIRTS in Plain .and Mixed Materials 8
EVENING COATS •
TAILOR MADt JACKETS AND RAGLANS 2
[selected specialT] I
A splendid line of LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS in black, bl«| 5
brown and mixed materials is now ready for your approval and your 2
inspection of the same is earnestly requested at this striking va!ue. •
— $25.00 8
'CITY OF PARIS DRY^GOODS COMPANY. |
Geary asd Stocktoa Streets, Uaioa Squirj. O
LUU2 Train, leaT. and are
V - \ -"^!I? / ' / <tae to arrive at
Y^ x^^^^vy SA> FRANC1SCO '
\^I f 1 $y (Main Line. Frrry Depot.
\> *^*r Foot of Markrt btn-et /
' !■«*.»•» — FaoM K»mi[A«r 17. 1W«. — a«kit«
7JJ0& Vacarllle. Wmicri. ttumiry J 50'
- 7 00a Ccnjcla, Suliun. Klinlra aaJ Sacra-
Breuu> /.ZOr
7J0a Vallrjo. Napa. Callttoga. Santa
K">«t. Martinet. Sao Uatnou 6-ZOi*
7 33a K!!e». L!reraiore, Trtcr, LatUrop.
«tock:oii '. 720-
• -CO* Ebutta Kxprctt— (Via l>a\Ui.
- M*l::iam» ctnr Bariiett Sprier* •.
■rilkrar* »Kruro. I'.r.ii UlulT.
Por:Uml. Tacoina. Seattle 7.50'
8 CO* Da«~«a. \\ r. ..( » r •'. Knlrhu La:i<l:n2.
M»rjav:!!e. Oruillln 7-50--
l40t Port Co»T». Mart!t:er. Ar: ■•■u.
r.yron. Tr»cr. Stockton. New-
tr.au. Lo* Hanoi. Menlota,
AnsosiL llanfor-l. Vital la.
rorieriri:> ... 4.10'
8-53* Port Co* to. UarUoez. rracjr. I.ntU-
rop. Mo<!«^t«. W^rcrrt. Frr*no.
*>o»ft-T J«n< H— Wan ford.
Vlaalia. lUkrr»r.vU 4 50»
t&O* 5He«. Pun Jo«e. Uremnre. St«Kk
ton, (♦Ml'ttou). limr. haciawriitn.
PlarerrUle. Marjavllle. Cblco.
Red r.'.oit 420'
830* Oak<1ale. Chlnetr. .l»air»town. So-
nnra. Tuuiumnr ati<l AnrrU 4 20'
SCO* Atlantic F.xpre»»— Ojrden *B<1 F.*«t. "II T0>
8J3. lrirhmond. MnrilDcz »»J W iiy
Ki»tion« 6 53"
10-00* The OrerlaiKl I.'mltrd — otJeii.
I»rnvcr. Ouiaba. Cblcnco S.20i-
10X3* Vniiejr. 1220c
10 03* L*' Ar.e'irr. l*aa*pncrr — Port
fo*ta. V.artliier.. Rjrrwm. Tnef.
l.aihrnji. Stockton. Xlrrce<u
UajTBimid. Krmii.i. (,o*li'n June-
!<••«. }'nr. '.Til. l.rm.\t>r*. \;>a:'.%.
lUt'ridflil. Uo» A«»rf»« 7-?0*
12C3B Bayward. Ml<*«ftii1 Way (Station*. 3.20i»
*1^M3r 6Kcrainrn:o It!»er Siramrr* <.. M 13jr
3 ZOr Crn'ria. Sacramento
CToodtaad. unVh;» ljtudloe.
. HanrirUat. Oruvllle and vraj -
stationa 1050*
S-SOr IIar«ar-I.M:c«an«l^T»y Stations.. 7 SCr
3.50 r r*ort Cot!*. Marr.nrr.. njMn.
Tracy. I.«; hro; . Uuiicrie.
Merced. Freaso and '\ aj 6ta-
tlnr» »*f«-oBd Pnrt « osta 12 2Qr
3.30r Martinez, i racy. SiJCictoo. Lot!... 10.20*
4 CO^ MarttBe».t5anltnnimi.V»lleJo.N»ps,
« »V.»"iC«. Snii:>« !:«•»» S 20*
• 4 COr Kile*. Tr»cv. Stockton. 1-oJI 4.20r
t Z2r llayirard. NUes. Irriaston. San 1 18. SO*
Joee. Lfennore 1 :1 1.50*
tCOr The Owl LlaitleJ— N>»m«n. lAt*
Banoo. Men<j<»ia. Fre»n«. Tolare.
Bakertfirld-. l.o« Ange!ca.
' Goiden Mate Llinucd S!eep»r.
Oakleod to I/oa An«;ele«, for Chl-
raco. \* C. R. 1 * 1' 850*
f*0r Tort Cotta, Tricy. 6tockt«n 1220p
*6 23p llaywar<t. Mir» an<l s«n Jo»e 7.20*
S.OOp Haywarfl. Kllea aud Sun Joae 9^0*
• 6£3r ta^t'•rm Kxprraa— Ofdm. UenTer.
Omaba. M. Loult. Cblr»KO and
Kisi. Port Co«ta. Deulc:a. Mil-
aun. K'.ir.'.ra. l)atia. Sacramento.
• Uoeklln. Auburn. Colfax,
Truekee. Boca, lie do, Wcdt-
.*:■' worth, winnemucca 5 20»
8 COr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday ( 7 ...
7 COr Vallejo, Sunday only ( ' DO
7 Hr hlchmond. mb Pablo. Port Coftm,
Marttnex acd Way Stationa 11.20*
8X6r Ore ten & California Ezpreai— 6ae-
raiaento. MarytTllle, Reading.
Portland. Pcget feound and Eatt. 8-50*
t TCP Hi y ward. Nile* aud ban Jote (San-
r'tr cT'i 1 11.50*
COAST LINE (>arr«w Oaiige).
(Koot ..f Market Street.)
8-15* JCewnrlc *Toatervll|e. 6«n Joie.
Felton. Doulaer Creek. 6anU
Cruz and Way Station! 55Sr
t2.1ir CeBierTllle. San Joie,
New Aimaden. Lot Gato».Fe:toB,
Boclder Creek. £aata Cruz aBd
Principal W«y Statlooa tlO S3*
4.10P JJewa.rk. San Jote. LotUaloi aud J ♦B-BS »
waritatlon* ' :1OD5*
«3-JCr Ilcstera Train. Saturday only. Saa
Joae iind Way Station*. Return-
jet from lx» Gato« Sunday onlt. :7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frca fAS i-KANClSCO. root«« Markrt bt. (Slip««
—f.iii »:<x> "•: vva.u. 100 3 00 5.15p.m.
Ttob: OAKLAND. Koot ot Uroadway — 1*:W> JS:iM
n:vi 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2 00 400 f.M.
COAST LIN£ illr—4 UAuet-u
(3T" Clb'.rJ an«l i'o-yeud Streelt.)
ft.10* Saa Jo»e and W»r Statloni 830p
7 CO* San Joie and War station* 5.38p
■ |.00* New Almadcn CTu'«.. >>!•!.. only). 4-10r
8-80* Tb' Coaater— Stop! oaly S«p Jom.
O'.lroj (cuBBectlua for Tlollla-
ter). Pajaro. C»itrorJi;c (coa-
crt!oc to lid trom Moctetry
• nrt Pacific Grore). balinat. Sta
Ardo. Pmo Uohle!. 6anU Mar
C«rl'a. 6an Lult <)>>!«(>•). principal
•tatloct thence 6arf <conne.ctlon
fcr Vortipor.). principal *tatlont
thence Sant«Barbara,S«nBaexi&- .„
ventor*., Paugat. Jam, Ancelet... 10.4SI"
- ' I 00* 8*3 Joae. Trei Plnoi. Capltola,
r,a.BtaCruz.P»c;ficr.n>Te.Salinai,
b»B Lull Ol):aj>u *Bd Principal
Way StatlOB» * \* r
■ 10^0* faaJc.it> and Way Station!... ... 1.20*
11^0* Canta CUra. San JofC Lot G«:oi
*i. — «j»d \V»y fcUttoB» ivi r
■■ 120r Saa Joae aa<l Way BtaUont 8 36*
X L<jr Drt Monte fil&r*«»— fcanta CIar»,
• «un Jo*r. Vel Monte. Monterey.
Padllc Grorr (ronuecti At SanU
• • * " C'.«r» for Crcr.. Jloiilder
Crrrk «na Sarro»-O«BSePai«M;
•1 G-.b-oy Jor H«lliiier. irei
Pino*, at Caitr.>Ti: ie for Sallna*. 12 15f
ASOr fc«B Joie and War StatKai. ....... t800*
nm G»toa. and l'rlaetpal Way *»t»-
;soii (except ButuJnr) t9 00*
it^Or fcanJotc and PrlBcij-al Way Station! i940*
+Utr Ben^t Wanted.- KedwocfiS*.
J««e.Gtlroy.6anoa».P«*o Boblet,
f»a Lu1» Obltpo. Santa Barbara.
I.o* ABfrlra. If nine. El Pan*.
>>w OrieaBa. Sew York. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for tiania Craz
and «t Ca«tro*in« lor Taclllc
Grove and W»y Station! 7-10*
t« :tl' ta»U»teo.Bereiford.B?lmont»S»a
Carlo.. Bedwood. Fair Otka.
MesloParlu Paio Alto 'I'm.
S 30r &««< •.'*•« «ad Way StaUom.. ....... *•*■*
fi.C0r Palo Alto and W*y6t*tJoni. ...... 10.15*
1l JKr baa Francl^o. Mlllbrae. Bor-
Itacame. ban Ma.teo. Belraont.
tea Carloi. Bexlwood, Fair Oaka,
M<-o:o Park, tad Palo Alto S45*
• 11. SCr Mayteld. Mottsuin View. SuBny-
•11 ~vr -^^ Lawrence, fiaata Otra and
► fcaaJote «.4»P
2 fvrM .rt.!Br: > for Af wraooa.
tfcBadaycseepted. . J ecBttay oaiy.
I;OOP.» Vv? '
Hie Weekly Call
•31 per Ycar-
! CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TOfiHICACD I
LEAVES DAILY I
At I):;j(> ft. m, tiroayh 1b .*{ days, 1
Trith diaer aa4 all trappings. * 1
O:'jicr Sasta Te Trains
! B-20 «' ml for Stockton. Fresno. Uak^rsneld. '
I ' s .' ( 'q *" m ' ! Merced. Hanfcrd and Visalla.
4. CO p. m. for Stockton.
S^CO p. n:. fcr Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
j TICKET OFFICES — C41 Market St^ and
Ferry Bepci, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
I % vrzy, Oxklaad, CaL S7 Scuti Tint St.,
San Jcie.
| CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Uh r-FAKCbLO t.tij mid paoi/j:
SAXZ.WA7 COMPANY.
j Tlturcn Ferrx. Foot cf Market Street.
SAW FEA3TCISCO TO SAW BAFAEX..
WEKK DAVS— 7:30. 9:oO. 11:00 a. m. ; l^ # :o5.
3:30. 5:10. C::>O p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :.;o p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :. r i0 and 11:30 p. rH.
SL'XHAVS-- h:l0. 0:U0. 11:W» a^ m.; 1 :M,
j r.:::i v . I :<;<>. h:20, ll:0u p. m.
; SAW BaPASl TO SAW 7KAWC13CO.
WKliK DAYS— «:C5. 7::'.5, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
| a. in.: IS*SH, 3:40, 5:00, 5:1*0 p. m.
Saturda>p— txtra trip at 2:C5 and 6:.">5 p. m.
* SUNDAYS— N:i*>. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10.
I 2:40. 4:53. 5:(.'5, U:25 p. m.
I^eave | In Effect | Arrive
s-'sn Francis.o.l Sept. 27. IWW£ | San Francisco.
1Ve«>k i Sun- | D«stlna- | Sun- | Week
Days. | days. | UonL \ days. | Days.
7:C0a[ 8:C«a| j s»:ioa! S:40a
j l»::!Oaj Igr.ac.'O. |l0:4O a|10:'J0 a
j -".::yip :::.-,.> pi | 6:a%pi «i:'.*0p
! 5:10i.i_5jOOp; i 7:35 p|
j ."-«>! | 9:I0a!"sT40"a
S:COa| Xcvato. 110:40 a.lO:20 a
■ .*!:."Op a-.:M)a! IVtaluma. ti:05p 0.1'Op
S.lop H::tOpi ami | 7:35 p|
I 5:(XJp| ganta Rc.«a. | |
":S0a| 110:40 a ;i6~C0~a
- S:oo a | Fulton. | 7:^5 p| 0:20.)
o:30p|^:30p!_ | i
Wind5or\ | | "
. 7:30al S:COa| HealiJsburg. 110:40 aUO:20 a
Lytton.
■ 3:30 p; 3:30 p) (ieyserAille.* | 7:35 p 6:20 p
I ! Cloverdale. j y
i 7-.nr. a : S:»,OaJ Hcpland ~~ Jir»74o"a|loT2o"a
1 Z ' ?A> V 3:30 pj and L'klah. [ 7:35 1; C:20p
7 :30_a I S:Wa| XVilil'ts ; "7:35 pf 6.*20p
7:30 a] S:OOa| ' ~ MOM ft a 10:20 a
• 3:3<H>,JJ:3O p, Guernevllle. j 7:35 p; 0:20 p
7;r.0a| S:OO a [ . Sonoma! :~9:I0 a'~S:40 a
5:Hi p.- 5:00 r j \ Glen Ellen. j 0:05 p| 6:20 p
7:rS0aj S:COa! !i"oT4O"a!lO:2O a
J>:30 p| 3:30 p; Sebastopol. | 7:35 p; 0:20 p
STAGES connect F.t Green Brp.e for~San
Qneatln; at Santa licta for White Sulphur
I at Tullon for Aitruria and Marfc West
i Spring-s; at Lytton for Lytion Sprince; at Gey-
j wrvllle for .skagpc Springs: ftt Cloverdile for
the Oejraera, Booneville and 'Greenwood: at
I Hopland for Duncan SprinRy. Hishland Springs,"
Kelaeyville. Cail«bafl Spririjta, Soda Hay. Lake-
port and Hartlett Spring*; at Iklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Si.rlncs, Hlue Lakes. Laurel
IX il Lake. Witter Sprinif".. I'j.per I^ake. I'cmo.
. Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's
} UwkneHc. b'aniipdrin Helshts. HuIUIlle, Orr's
i Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
. Steven*. Hopkins, Mendoi-.'no City, Fort Bragg
i IVertport, r«al; at Willlts for Fort Bragg,
j Wtstport. Sherwood, (Tahto. Covello. Layton-
I v!!!*\ Curr;mlnr*. Bell'n fprings. Harris. Ol-
I mii'j, D>*«r. GarbervlUe, Ptpperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
ciuoid ratts.
On Sunday round-tri!) tickets to a!! points
»*jond San P.cfael at half rate*.
Ticket office?, C30 Market street. Chronicle
buildir—.
II. C. WJIIT1NG. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I ' ~ —
!^^^^O| CAZADERO, Etc.
'KfffinPfflfffife^ffi' Via Sausalito Ferry.
SuLurban Strvicj. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily — 7:00, s:OO,
9:W>. 10:(4>. 11:00 a. in.. 12:20. 1:45. a:15. 4:15,
0-15. 0:15. 7:00. i:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FUOM SAN IIAFAEL TO TAN FRANCISCO
I — Daily. 5:25. H:Zt. 7:40. «:35. !»:35, 11:05 a.
I ni.. 1J:2O. 1:45, 2:53. 3:43, 4:15, o:45. 0:45,
6 :t:>. 10:20 p. rn. •
! KJtOM MILL VALT.KY TO SAN FRAN
I CISCO— Dally. 5j45. (i:55. 7:52. S:55, 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:fc>. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05, ti:05.
7:C5. 9:00. 10::« p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
S:ftO a- rn. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. in. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Ton-.alc* and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadrro and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. in.. Point Heyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market .*t.
FERR.Y— Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
"~~- Leave Tia laualiu ttnj Arrive
SaaFrancfaco Ntafaarkaia San Fran ciac*
Week Son- « pan Son- IWeeT
; DAY*- day* idSfrWrWiL. «^*y» Days.
•Ti«i»8:oo A feg^in^ i««oBrrer«j
•l:46f »:OOa n^SSSff l:25r3:5Or
8:16rlO:OOA »:50p 5:50»
11:OOa XBr£9^ lt:5Op •:••»>
-l:4Sp WHIT &!*•*
•a—nt wttt «Up tar * Wy* — < TOaty flat
, nCOT . 1 «26 Maiucxt Sr..(Nortli Shore RailroadJ
* irr^S J and SavsaUto Fjuuy, Foot hbuktt Su
THE 7 SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
CANNIBAL KING BANGASSON,
RULER IN DARKEST AFRICA
Holds Sway Over 200,000 Subjects, Who- Vary Farming
* With Slave Raids, Miintain a Fetish Free in Their Chief
Village and Eat AH Criminals Whom They Execute
BY WILLIAM . STAMPS CHERRY.
-■>"■. . .
[African Traveler. Explorer ajid Hunter of Big Gam*.]
(Copyright. 1004, by Joseph B. Bowles.) .
(Copyright. 1001, by Joseph B. Bowles.) '
Foremost In the list of equatorial Af
rican chiefs stands Bangassou, King
of the N'Sacklaw nation. ' I heard of
him long before I met him and was
anxious to see him. My experience
with him was somewhat extensive and
varied. He is a big, fat negro, with'
more than the usual measure of native
shrewdness and capacity for govern-*
ment. H^ holds absolute sway over
a territory as large as the State of Illi
nois. His people, although brave war
riors, are agricultural, and live in scat
tered villages, supporting themselves
by cultivating corn, sorgo, semsam and
all manner of tropical products. Their
number is variously estimated from
about 50,000 to 200,000. - .
As I approached Bangassou's village
1 was met by a delegation froi» the
great % chief, which escorted me with
honors into his Majesty's presence. He
wanted to see the gun with which I
had killed the elephants. Some won
derful tales had been told him regard
ing my hunting exploits. Those tales
had not .lost anything by their frequent
repetition. When I arrived the whole
village came eut to see the new won
der. Bangassou was seated surrounded
by his warriors and advisers. He wel
comed ma with a hearty handshake,
looked me over critically, and then said,
with charming frankness, that he did
not beMeve one-half of what he had
heard about me. I -explained to him
that everything I had done lay, in the
superiority of my weapons and knowl
edge where to shout the elephant. He
examined my guns, went over my
whole outfit with as much curiosity
as a child, and by the time I got
through answering his questions he was
a friend and admirer.
Bangassou has everything on a big
scale. His village is occupied exclu
sively by himself and his wives, and no
one is allowed to enter the royal in
closure except by' his permission. It
is difficult to find out exactly how many
wives he has. I have' heard the num
ber stated variously at from S00 to 3000;
probably 1000 would be near the mark.
-I know that I got lost in his village,
and it certainly had the look of a very
prosperous place. The houses did not
differ in appearance from those of his
Subjects, only being somewhat larger,
and the King's habits of life are any
thing but refined. He is served exclu
sively by his wives: one fetches his
pipe, another his chair, another sup
ports the bowl of his pipe in her hand,
and all the others clan their hands
when he smokes or eats; they also
make. a feeble effort to applaud when
his highness coughs or sneezes.
According Jo the usages of native
hospitality, Bangassou got up a big
powwow in my honor. The people
gathered in an open square decked in
paint and ornaments. In the center
was a group of twenty-seven women
colored all over with camwood, making
them look as red as lobsters. At a
sign from BangasEou three big wooden
drums began to beat. Then the women
who were seated on stools clapped their
hands, keeping time with the drums,
and swaying their bodies in oriental
style in perfect unison with the music.
Then two men came into the circle,
each carrying a girl of about 6 years,
with mats over their heads. Throwing
aside the mats, that served the purpose
of curtains at a theater, thexshow be
gan. The hair of the girls was strung
with beads, giving them the appearance
of Egyptian dancing girls. On their
ankles were tinkling bells and around
their necks were chains and trink
ets. In their hands were buffalo tails,
which they shook at the men. who.
catching them by the knees with the
feet under their arms, held them In a
horizontal position, while they twisted
themselves into fantastic shapes, keep
ing time to the music with their heads
and arms.
After the girls got out of the arms
of the men they commenced to dance
alone, which they did with perfect
grace, the women, who were seated on
the stools, watching them critically and
snatching them from the circle if they
made the slightest mistake. During
the performance 1 was seated by Ban
gassou in the midst of his numerous
wives/ At one time, when he had left
his ulace to chase away with a club
the crowd that was pressing In from
"every side, one of his wives asked me
to get up out of her light, as I hap
pened to be sitting in the line of her
vision. "When Bangassou returned he
was told of her rudeness, and she was
sent away in disgrace. During the per
formance I was always wondering
what was coming next.
Here at Bangassou executions are
common, and new skulls are being con
stantly added to the fetish tree. The
fetish tree is near the common place
of meeting, and around It are depos
ited the skulls of the. criminals killed
and eaten. Bangassou does not try to
conceal the fact that his men eat hu
man flesh. The most common capital
offense is adultery, and the most fre
quent offenders are Bangassou's wives.
Their recent contact with French black
soldiers has made them victims of the
most loathsome of diseases. Already
the N'Sacklaws are a tainted race, and
are paying very dear for their contact
with our modern civilization.
Later <-n I happened to be at his vil
lage at- the time when Bangassou re
turned from a successful slave raid in
the country of the Boobos. ;I counted
800 captives, and a lot they
were. Bangassou told me that I had
seen only a small part of his captives.
This extensive slave raid went on under
the very noses of the French military
officers. Almost all these slaves were
sold to the Arab traders, who 'carried
away the women to fill their harems.
Since his alliance with the French
Bangassou \tk.s been developing along
modern lines. He Is .laying his plans
for future conquests. For a time we
were good friends, but he cast a cove
tous eye upon my guns, and tried to
compass my ruin that he might gain
possession of them. He has got nujne
rous guns in exchange for slaves taken
in r battle, and " Is learning how to use
them. It is also said that he is foment
ing: dissatisfaction with the French
Ucrvcrnment among the neighboring
tribes, his ultimate purpose being to
drive the white intruders out of the
country. : ,
Mbally, the eldest son of Bangassou,
will be the ruler of the N'Sacklaws
when the < old chief; dies. He is ten 1
times more of a savage. than his'father.
Like his father, he Is big, fat and much
married. Hft has soft, dreamy eyes, arid
is much beloved by the female portion
of the population. He is easily influ
enced for good or evil/ He does not
take Jife very seriously, and will riaver
have the Caesarlike quaftties of his old
father. He spends his life drinking togro
and sleeping off its effects. His god' is
his belly. - Every time I met him he
squeezed my. hand, while j he .. embar
rassed me by his protestations of ad
miration for ' my- generosity, • which
meant that I was to give him a;hand
some present. His first- present, was al
ways a g"argolet of. togo, accompanied
by a vile smelling compound composed
of the flesh of everything in the animal,
kingdom, from an elephant to a 'rat,
which \ tasted good if "eateti without
asking questions. He was very much
surprised that I had no wives, and ex
pressed his readiness to supply the de
ficiency. Jsingle'blessednesswas some
thing he could not understand.
Mbally wished to impress me .with
his greatness. He , assembled" all -his
warriors, decked out in the most gor
geous array. 1 was led past a' great
heap of human 'skulls, some of them
bc-ng of recent acquisition; and the
odor was terrible. Many of them bore
marks of fire, and the hole at the ar
ticulation, in. the vertebra had been en
larged to give access to the most dainty
dish known to the N'Slicklaivs. By a
fine economy oC means the skull serves,
both as a pot to cook in and as n dish
to eut from. One part of the entertain
ment gotten up for. my- special benefit
consisted* of a one-legged man and an
old deformed dwarf ■ dancing -to the
music of the tom-toms. It was a ludi
crous performance! Following -that
came a sham battle, a wild, blood
curdling affair.
The braves went through the motions
of killing their enemies. - They, came
down toward. me with a wild charge,
brandishing their spears as if they
would instantly annihilate me. -I. was
anything but at ease, but pretended to'
be unconcerned. ' Mbally was watching
me like a hawk with the tail of his eye.
He expected • me to be overwhelmed
with this display of power and 'glory.
My men, who sat near me. were suit
ably impressed with the imposing spec
tacle; their eyes 'bulged out of their
heads, and thev shook with ' fear. ' I
had seen this game of bluff, before and
was prepared for it. Mbally was ex
asperated when he saw how coolly,. I
took It. He turned upon me" "angrily
and asked why I. had come to his vil
lage. He' said that he did not want me
there and that he hated the white men.
I told him that I Just happened to be
passing by on my way to Ratto, his
rivatiand enemy/- Tht* touched him to
the "culck. H6 -then threatened me
with harm.' I told him I could take
care of myself.'and, taking out, my re
volver. I nut a" few holes In a bungo
tree, the bark of which is used for the
making of cloth. This gave things a
new turn;' he began to" quarrel about
the tree, but he soon cooled down, and
the game of bluff was over and- we be
came the stant'hest of friends. The
chair upon which I sat during the per
formance was a hippo's head.
I entered into negotiations , .with
Mbally for the skulls of the Boobos
killed in the last raid. I offered him
three guns for them. For some super
stitious reason he at first did not want
to part with them, but the offer
was tempting and he took it. I was
preparing to put mv somewhat grew
some purchase Into baskets and trans
port them down the Hver In " caqoes,
when he backed out,, saying that they
were "yorra"— that Is, medicine— and
that if he gave them he and his father
would die. It.. was no use to argue with
him on this point, so my graveyard re
moval scheme- had to be given-up. -."--
AHUSEMENTS.
I I VULI HOUSE
SPECIAL MAT.. WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
BEGINNING MONDAY. February 22. ".
POSITIVELY LA ST WEEK
o.' the Unprecedented Success. V .'
|| When Mnny|_
Comes Marchmg tiome [
SECURE* SEATS IX ADVANCE*.
MATINEE SATL'KDAY.
Monday, Feb. 29— THE GYPSY BAROH.
FIRST APPEARANCr: IN ENGLISH OF
SIC!. DOME>'ICO, RUSSO. • r
* : ,v > The Favcrite Tenor.
Usual Popular Prices. ........ .25c, SOc and 73c
Box Seats ....$1.00
GALIFORNi^
m^ *\ yr.' c. nankeville'S .
M Successful Melodrama, . *
I ..HUMAN HEARTS..
B An Idyl of the Arkansas H!Jls. ""
M Next Sunday— James A. Herne'i
•j* Famous Comedy. V
§ SAG HARBOR
B Under the Personal Direction of Mrs. ga
H .. 'i.... Herne. # ■ n
SIS for Sunday! 'We've two showa to-day!'
orrows at Fischer's must soon fade away:
' ' And : all other mustctl comedies fade away
In comparison withi - ; : . ' , ■ :
ROL-V POLY
THINK OF IT! Ten great sons hits. Ten
grelit ■ specialties.' Ten actual novelties.
Our "All-Star Cast. Including::
KOLB AND« DILL.
' JOHN PEACHEY.
BEN T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS. " v
HELEN RUSSELL.
NELLIE ■. LYNCH. . i
Matinees' Saturday and Sunday.. 25c and SOc.
Matineo MONDAY -Next.« WASHINGTON'S
■ BIRTHDAY.' •• • < -
Next Attraction, "The ROUNDERS." •
'~ ADVEBTISEMENTS^
. 0 . .. .. , -
SPRING STYLES— 1904 '.
...FASHIONABLE TAILOR GARMENTS...
Extraordinarily Low Prices.
TAILOR MADE SUITS
'■•'•' Perfection! of: skilled workmanship. Every desirable fab-
ric embodied in our New Spring Styles. class effects
that appeal to fashionable dressers.
' $27.50. $30.00 and $35.00.
S ; TAILOR SUITS cooled from imported garments.
elegant material, perfection of fit, high class tailoring.
>♦ $18.50, $20.00 and $22.50.
, Rich NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS in fancy Zibeline, Venetian, Broad-
cloth and Camel's Hair effects, in browns, tans, greens, blues and black. The
new Collarless Eton and Short Military Coat; jacket and skirt are trimmed
verydre:sy. Lownes of price not equaled anywhere. '-■■;■
,; §12.50, $14.50 and $17.50.
NOVELTY ETON and BLOUSE SUITS in latest Spring shades and
new st mixtures. . Good material and good workmanship.
novcLTY novelty New Style Walking Skirts
ETO\ JACKETS. TAILOR COATS. Jn light, medium and
t? •• « ' ■ j t *. . . "..- '-*; 1 '" dark shades, at
Eqirr ly-ntw; made ot Strictly tailor made. /
..Venetian or covert cloth Entirely new. Covert, $2.50. $3.50, $5.00
with trimmed capes, satin broadcloth and Venetian, K6W Styl6 OfCSS wkiftS
Uned throughout, at at' ... Trimmed, at
$7.50, $8.00. $8.50 $10.00, $12.50 $5, $6, $7.50, $10
New siyls Long Coats naw ready. $9.00 to $25.00.
- Store Closed To-Morrow, Washington's Birthday.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
• ' AMUSEMENTS. .'■ }
WmmtWliWi THE GREATEST CONCERT
tsM4^>U^m' BAND ON TOUR
ONLY-6
Beginning Next Tuesday
Mats. Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
' Sfr-rHnftftLl '• : (GORDON HIGHLANDERS OF CANADA)
T«a«W|Jm ; _ tO MUSICLVNS. 7 SOLOISTS, la SINGERS. 0 DANCERS, 4 PIPERS,
\ Wm e an Johnstone Troupe
1 '" telll^ • THE GREATEST MALE AND "FEMALE DANCERS IN SCOTLAND.
\ 9-H - - m ' NEW PROGRAMME EVERY NIGHT.
•1" r-7 rl ' \vJ5nesday Night Caledonian Club Nlsht— Saturday Rafrtime Smoker.
• \ )A K SKATS SOc. 7.V and *1. CHILDREN '25c TO ALL PARTS OF THE HOUSE
k»J fj • BOX OFFICE. SHERMAN. CLAY S: CO.'S. Excepting To-morrow (Legal
• ' Holiday). Alhambra Theater. All Day. Phone Hyde 1471.
HAROLD BAUER
•THE GREATEST PIANIST BEFOHE THE PUBLIC.
3 Concerts Only at Lyric Hall
Tl'ESDAT AND Tlfl'RSDAY NIGHTS. MARCH 1 and 3. SATURDAY MATINEE MARCH 5
SEATS $2. $1.50 AND $1. READY NEXT SATURDAY AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
WHERE PROGRAMMES MAY BE OBTAINED.
TO-DAY AT 3 — 3d KOPTA-MANSPEIDT SUNDAY POP.
Ingleside
Coursing
79nnn
*
OpeirStake
SUNDAY and MONDAY,
February 21 and 22
Coursing:' will berrin at 10 o"clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES $1000
"•"'.••■ i ■'
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars; which bo direct to the park.
-;-./, THOMAS TIERNEY. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG, Slipper.
High-Class.Sp3Cialtl3slT8i7 Afternoon and
Evening in the Heated Theater;
ZISKA and KING; KELLY AND VIOLETTE;
• IRVING JONES: TIPPEL AND KLIMENT:
• MELNOTTE SISTERS; MABEL \ LAMSON,
AND. NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN Tlf: INFANT INCU-
/ - BATORS. '
FIREWORKS MONDAY NIGHT.
In Honor of Washington's Birthday.
. V Admission, ' 10c. •• Children, 1 be.
THE WEEKLY CALL,' $1 PER YEAR.
UNION
COURSING
P." J. SEILI.Y Jn&f
JAS. T. Git ACE '. Slipper
Sunday and Monday, Feb. 2l*and 22
California Plate
Consolation
Belle Brandon Cup
1 32 = Nominations- 132
TOTAL C* 1 7 1 C T0TAL
PURSE A" J § Hi PURSE
TBAIN GEEVICE.
j-L*ave -Third and Townsend streets Sunday.
'10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. ;
23th and Valencia streets five minutes later.
P.eturrln- at 4:45 :>. m. and after the last
course. Monday, in: 1.1 a. m. and 1 p. m.
San Mateo electric cars, every four minutes
both days. .
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
kin giSfljj^ faff!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
. NEAV CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,-;?' '
Commencing. February 22.
. Racinz Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
* Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. bharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Verry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:^0.
1:00,'; 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No. smoking In last two
car.«, which are reserved for ladles and their
escoru. . 0
Returning 'trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, Prfsldent.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
» i
Week Commenclnc THIS AFTER-
NOON. Feb. 21.
1 (Special Matinee Washington's
•Birthday.)
Look at the Names !
America's Leading Ccmedy Sketch
. Artists.
Filson and Errol
Presenting a One-Act Playlet by Jud-
. «on C. Brusie Entitled. "THE
BLACK CAT."
EDDIE JESSIE
Girard and Gardner \
In Their Farcical Hit. "DOOLEY
AND THE DIAMOND."
The Favorite Monologist and Singer,
Geo. W Day
"IN CORK."
Morris and Bowen
Comedy Horizontal Bar Performera.
Wernar-Amoros Troupe
In an Original Pantomime, "A-N
ARTIST'S STUlflO."
Harry Thomson
"The Mayor of the Bowery."
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Illustrating Longfellow's "Hiawatha." j
Last Week of the Sensation of th« Day. II
Eight Vassar Girls n
The Most Pretentious Spectacular If
Musical Novelty Extant. II
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. If
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. II
Pi-lces^ — 10c. 25c and SOc. SJ
COLUMBIA S^S
TO-NIOHT! LAST
-l^lVJlll. PERFORMANCE.
JAMES and WARDE
In an Elaborate Production, of
JULIUS CAESAR
BEGINNING MONDAT.
DENMAN TXOKFSOH (HIMSELD TX
THE OLD HOMESTEAD
POSITIVELY LAST NIGHT
WEBER AND FIELDS
All-Star Stock Company — Presenting;
WHOOPDEE-DOO '
And Burlesque of
C/\THERI1NE
Prices— $2. $1.50. *1. 75c and 80c.
Opening To-Morrow w tfSKST' i MATINEE
THOMAS J. SMITH, the Toungr Irish Sinrtns
Comedian, in "THE GAME KEEPER."
. Prices— 13c. 25c. SOc. 73c.
ALCAZAR E1 H> S £T
General Manaser.
TO-NIOHT — MATX3TEE TO-SAT.
!'—:■ EXCITING GREAT EXTHTSLASM.
B'laaco t. De Mille's Famous Play,
THE CHARITY BALL
Evgw.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to SOc.
TO-MORROW— Opening with Special
MATINEE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
THE WRONG
MR. WRIGHT
Broadhurst's Merry Farcical Comedy.
In Active Preparation— "PARSIFAI*."
CENTRALS
Market Street. JJear Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
MEN OF JIMTOWN.
OPENING TO-MORROW MATTNEE.
ALL NEXT WEEK.
Stup-ndous Production of tha Melodrataatlo
World Beattr.
KING OF THE
OPIUM RING
- Magnificent Oriental Spectacle!
A Kaleidoscope of Chinatown!
Replete With Scenic? Wonders!
DDirCC Evenings 10c to SOo
rKllfca Matlftees... 10c. 15c. 2So
M T ff{fTTTr T -*irXO'P3 . JLXU&Xi&Li*bi l i:B.
GRAND EXHIBITION
OF SUBMARINE TORPEDO" BOATS
UNDER WATER AT RED BOCK
MONDAT, February 22. '
Steamers SUXOI* and COLUMBIA
Leave Washington-st. Wharf. Pier 3, at 10:30.
Round Trip $1.
NAPA EXCURSION POSTPONED.
POLO AND r 05 Y BACI5O AT H0TXL DEL X0XTS
Every day up to and including Monday, Feb-
ruary 22, under auspices of
Uliiorai* Polo tad Post Rwiag Amentias.
Kouen Riders From the Army Participating.
Special round-trip railroad rate good unui
Tuesday next. J4.5O. Special round-trip rat*.
Including board at Hotel Del Monte, good any
train Saturday or Sunday ana returning Mon-
day >1O. A great opportunity to »ee the sport
and enjoy a rest over Washington'" birthday
at this famous resort.
SAN FRANCISCO *rj*
BY AUTOMOBILE
P.ates less than carriages. . - i£5>5£p*{$5xH)
M03II.E CABB1AGE CO.
GoldeD Gat9 and Van Ness Avea.
Phones Larkln 3S41— Polk S0S6.
Downtown Office. Lobby Palaca Hotel.
Phone Buah S5&.
Dnlnpa DQN'T FAIL TO
I matt ge^ beautiful
i COURT Lottczinr
a fin room, the EMPIRE
fl« U PARLOR, tho
r 1 PALM ROOM, tho
Iff/. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
D ± 1 DIES* WRITIHO
Hotels room -
3738
THB^CALL
JOHN" D. SPRECXEIiS, Proprietor.
■W # j MARTIN Business Manager
A5k fcr 7HH CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department \ou Wistt..
Pvbllcaticn Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
-I>e!!vere(1 by, Carrier*. 20 Ct*. Ter Week, 'i
Cts. IVr Month. Single Copies 5 Unt»
Terms by Mall Including Postage tCasn « Itn
Order):
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). 1 year...$S.oo
I»1LY CALL dnclud. Sunday). 9 xnos.... 4_«nj
DAILY CALl^— By Single Month •{«
SOXDAT CALL. 1 Year -••*>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year
v, in^-rr-V ( Daily. . .$8.S0 IVr.Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sairrle Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail rubecribers In ordering change of ad-
<!re5s ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
. Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
SI4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
E AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa:<Jorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
fricn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftn-ave-
cu Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shernian House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Falmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Bolldlfis
(Long Distanse Telephone. "Central 2919.")
NEW TOnK REPRESENTATIVE: #
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
uutil 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
"00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
••"■< McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1S41 Mlsrfon street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open ua-
tll 9 j>. m_
JCH Kleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10P6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeaet corner Church and Duncan, streets;
cp^n until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twentr-eecond and Ken-
tucky *tr*ets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p.m.
real e L^T^^r; JB53^r^£?n il'Hffi
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$35,000— Rests $25-S0 per annum; 6th et. ; busi-
ness property; 2, frontages; store and
lodg^.ng-house.
$25.000 — Rents $2100 per annum; business cor-
ner; Haight st. : large lot.
$20,000 — Elegant modern mansion on Presidio
Heights; very tunny; unobstructed ma-
rine view; iOsl24.
S13.500 — Rtnts $1230 per annum; Devlsadero
«.: business property; 3 elegant new
J10.000 — Rent? 1 12<X» per annum, lees only the
taxes and Insurance; near Kearny and
Bush sts.: brick building; a bargain.
$7.500 — Rents f"2 per month; make an offer:
Ha>e« Ft., near Buchanan: 3 desirable
flats of 5-7 rooms and bath each and
Fcr further particulars of the above and
for the R«>a! Estate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
t ru-al Eftat» Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
# boce Park: bituminized streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable figure: bargain;
jjrice and all particular* at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
F. B. PURRYHNE.
SEAL ESTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$K500— Cle** to Mission and 13th sts.; 3 fine. |
substantial flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath I
each; rents $75 per month; large lot; a bar- i
gain.
$9250— Near Folscm and 12th ste.; 3 flats;
r*nts $T5 per month: lot 25xS0.
$5250 — Must be sold; Howard St.. near 21st.:
pood, putotantt&l ."-story residence, 10 rooms
and hath; lr>t 27:Cxl22:«.
11750^ — tZiO cash, balance $25 per month;
close to Ml*£ion-et. power-house; nice cottage,
5 rooms and bath.
$3100 — Twenty-fourth et., near Bryant; cot-
tage. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x104; a bargain.
$1500 — Folsom et.. near 11th: substantial res-
idence. 9 rooms and bath; lot 20x50.
f«0OO — Rpduc«>a from $10,000 to make an im-
mediate sale; corner on Sutter St., Inside of
Flllmore; Rood house. 7 rooms and bath; let
27:6x83; flue corner for a etore.
$4650— Close to Valencia and ISth sts.; 2
pood flats, 6 and 6 rooms; rents $46. • . |
Gat my February catalogue, giving partlcu-
Ian of properties for sale in all parts of the
city.
$1400 each — Bargain lots; Buena Vista ave.,
close to Haicht st.; street in fine condition;
lots ready to build on.
ALSO
Lots fronting Buena Vi*ta ave.. Waller and
Devlsadero etc.; from $2000 up; all streets ac-
cepted.
IB. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. New Lots.
tSth ave.. east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L ets.
Graded and fenced; ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
$60 to $400— Oceaa Heights and Boulevard lots.
(300 to $500 — Graded !9th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to $1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $100— Level Oceaa View lots? city water.
$150 up— New Excelslo* 1 Homestead iota.
The Ccest In the district; city water.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern bouses and cottages
Eslecdld Bargains «n Easy Terms.
Call et rr.y office, room 22. second floor,
Chronicle Building.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN. *
5-room cottage to be sacrificed
If Mild at once At 411 Madrid st.
B. GETZ. Room 22, Chronicle bldg.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ~~~
205 Montgomery «t.. Opp. Mills bldg.
$0.750— Rents $750; Duboce Park flats: north
ride street: 3 attractive, well-built, bay-
window flats; porcelain tubs, tiled
mantels, etc.; 5-5-6 rooms and bath-
only ",, block to Duboce Park.
$7.2jrt— R^nts *Mu: 3 attractive bay-window
flats; C-6-7 rooms and bath; north »tde
fctrwt; choice marine view; cars pass.
f 7,500 — 1231 McAllister ft., near Flllmore:
attractive modern residence, 6 rooms
and baUi: 25x137:6 feet; $3600 mortgage.
• »>,75o — Seventh-*t. business property; attract-
ive modern bay-window building; store
and 2~flaty; near new Postofflc*.
pt.000 — Oak- et.. near Pierce; 3 attractive
modern bay-window flats; 6-C-7 rooms
and bath: let 25xJ37:6 feet.
?IO,<KX» — «>«ry st., near Fillmore: 27 feet
frontage: 6 flats: rented furnished; fur-
niture included In above price.
KELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
2-C- Montr^mpry t-t.. Opp. Mills bldg.
.■ $«nno NET — 3 new" well-built modern flats : 6
rooms and bath; inside kitchen; bowed win-
dows front and rear; desirable location; Jn
Richmond: cood tensntg at moderate rent -
rent 575 ikx month. Owner, 2524 Pine st. .
INCOME !)rct>crty: isouth of Market and China-
town: homes Richmond. Funset. Mission dis-
tricts; piim*d I'rt «j.n<l country property; 1
{■asm *x-chang( s. W. J. White. 20 Montgomery ; r.5.
•. THKI-K hov«?*. near Park Panhandle, for
Mle. Call 732 Lvon et.
FINEST marine \l*w lot In city cheap tor
catfa. Bex 20*3. Call efflce.
I RK.tl. R8TATE— CITV-^FOU SALE.
TJIORNE * KILPATRICK.
31S BL'fcH ST.. NJSAR . -ONTGOMERY.
(Open Mondayj. ■
SPECIAL IN FLATS.
$7,500 — Guerrero-*l. corner; center of Mission
warm belt: 2 beautiful modern flats: 5
nnd 6 large sunny rooms said baths;
Urge flnlshf'd basement; hSs Just been
tinted, painted and thoroughly renovated
inside and out; large lot;: rented low at
*720 i*jr year; the best bargain In the
I0.S0O— Rent $624 per year; 3 fine new flats,
4. 5 and 6 rooms and baths: lots 25x100;
Clement st.. near Twenty-flfth ave.
$3.000— Julian ave.. near Sixteenth; 2 flats;
A snd 6 rooms and' baths; lot 30x100;
cheap.
$11, 210— Facing Duboce Park; 3 elegant new
flats ; all latest improvement*; rents.
«12tW Der year: lot 25x100; choice loca--
tion; positively must be sold for best
I offer.
EXTRA BARGAIN IN RESIDENCES.
$11,250 — Just completed at cost of $13,000, but.
owing to death o' owner,' will be sold
at a sacrifice; open Sunday from 11 till
2; 6ituated opposite Buena Vista Park,
near corner of Buena Vl»ta ave. and
South Broderick: take Hafkht-st. cars,
get off. at Buena Vlnta ave. and walk
south; see our sign on property; this Is
a perfect hone; 11 rooms; all the latest
appliances; itrandest view In the city;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$10.500 — Fine up-to-date 12-roomed mansion on
McAllister, near Flllmor*: furnace In
basement; deep lot; a bargain; quick
salt. <•.,-
ANOTHER SPECIAL BARGAIN.
1 $15,000 — Geary St.. near Van Ness; a beauti-
ful modern residences 11 rooms and
bath; built 6 years ago at a con of
$18,000; lot 30x120 to rear street; a
rare chance for speculation. '.';> rj .
$3,600— Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 20:4
-xll4; Twenty-third, near Castro.
$3,000 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; Noe St.,
near Twenty-third; cheap.
$4,500 — Beautiful modern residence; 7 rooms
and bath; finished basement: all latest
Improvements: strictly flrst-class In ev-
ery detail: offered low to effect Imme-
diate sale.
$50,000— Choice down-town business corner; 60
x90; can be Improved to pay a high
• ' ' rate of Interest.
$130,000^ — A northwest corner on Polk St..
north of Sutter; 127x106; fine business
location; will soon double in value; only
partly Improved, but pays good Interest
en the Investment.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
Northeast corner Washington et. and Presidio
(formerly Central) ave. ; 63:5x127:8; magnlfl-
crat view of the Golden Gate. Presidio and
distant mountains; superb location for flats,
apartments, fine residence or subdivision;
positively must be sold at once; all offers
received and submitted.
Improved property' and bulldlag lots In all
parts of the city; rents collected.
THORXE & KILPATRICK.
312 BUSH ST.
SPECIAL.
Pays 12 per cent per annum.
0 elegant new flats, 6 rooms and bath each;
every room light and sunny; all latest im-
provements; perfect In plan and construction;
large 55-foot lot; will subdivide; positively
must be sold this week; owner leaving the
State; all offers submitted; situated central
ptirt of Western Addition. For particulars
apply to THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush.
HOOKER & LENT.
14 Post street.
$52,500— New building; rents $430; east of Polk
sfreet; lot 77:6x125.
$36,000 — Ellis-street store corner, .east of Lar-
kln st.; ehould be improved. •
$25,000— Polk et. ; stores and flats; new build-
ing; rents low. 5 ISO per month.
$25,000— Ea6t cl Taylor St., on fine business
street; rents $200.
$24,000 — Six new flat*, near Butter and Fill*
more sts.; rents $218 per month.
$17,000— Hyde st.. adjoining Geary; lot 25x
157:6; two buildings; good building site.
$14,000 — New flats on McAllister et., near
Pierce; rents $127 50; lot 25x110.
$13,500— Flllmore st.. near Sacramento; 3-story
building; two stores and two flats.
$13,600— Mission st.: stores; rente $108 per
month: lot 60x122:6; a good buy.
$13.500 — Mission st.. near 14th; good business
site; 78:6x100.
$12,500 — East of Larkln and Sutter sts.; lot
25x137:6; 2-story building; rents $60;
barsaln.
$11,000 — East of Leavenworth st. ; four flats;
lot 36x137:6: rents $82 50.
$10.500 — Valencia et. ; four flats and 2-story
houses; lot 25x170; front on 2 streets;
pays 9 per cent; must be sold on ac-
count of owner's' departure.
$10,250— Page st.. near Market; rents $80;
lot 27:6x120.
$9,500 — Fillmore-st. corner: transfer point:
lot 30x110; suitable for eix fiats; a good
houee on lot now could be altered.
$8,500 — Laguna-et. corner, near Ellis; two
bay-wrndow houses; rents $60.
$7.750— Residence of 10 rooms, near Broderick
and McAllister sts.
$7,000— New Mate; rents $65; close to Golden
Gate Park: Iot 25x100.
$0,700 — Mission warm belt; new fiats; rents
$50; 21st St.; lot 25x100.
$5,200 — Cost $5700; brand new residence in
Mission warm belt; 9 rooms and bath; ,
fine basement; key lot; grand view; sun
all day; must be sold.
$3,000 — New residence on Liberty «t.; 6
rooms and bath; fine basement; grand
view; Mission warm belt; near car line,
j $3,250— Rents $33; four flats off Third St.,
1 "near Harrison: lot 25x80.
$2,500 — Building lots on Flllmore st.; car line;
Church street, near Ridley; 25x125.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post street.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st., near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127; price $9000.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
2 new swell flats, 7 rooms each; sunny side
of street; rented for $77 50; price $0350.
MISSION "COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath: 2 lots, 50x121; near
Eighteenth st.; close to cars^only $2500.
MISSION. NR. 4TH, RUNNING BACK.
100 ft. deep to rear street: new modern
4-story and basement building; leased 10 years
for $350 per month; tenant pays all repairs:
price $78,000.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Frontinz on new park from Golden Gate
Park to Presidio; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6; price $3000.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
st., runninc back to Mountain Lake Park;
29:6 feet front; price only $1500.
BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, with bath: in good condition;
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick sale; must be sold In the next
few daye; rented for $12 per month.
LOOKING INTO THE PARK.
On Frederick st., near Stanyan; lots 27 -6x
137:6; bitumen street work and sewer being
done at expense of owner. These lots at the
price are positively the cheapest in the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now
offered at J1750; 6 fine modern buildings now
being erected on this property.
ON FIRST.
Near Howard: lots 23:6x137:6; Improvements
rent for $03; rents should be raised; price
$10,000. v
Send for list of cheap- lots In all parts of
the city. .. i 1..
McAFEE BROTHERS.
• 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
R. D. CRANSTON tt SONS.
114 MONTGOMERY ST. 114
Call or Send for Our February Catalogue.
$14,250— Stores and flats renting for $125 per
month; one year old 1 ; splendid location.
$9,000— Comparatively new flats renting for
$78; never Jdle.
$5,600— Two newi 5-room flats on Masonic ave-
nue; excellent renters.
$.1,000— Level lot on Clayton street, near Fell.
$3,100— Two flats eouth of Market street pay-
ing 1 .p«r cent. *
$10,500 (reduced from $12.000) — Two' substan-
tial houses, ten rooms and bath, near
Jackson and Taylor streets; 1 facing
beautiful private grounds. I
$2.500— Splendid lot on Ashbury street, near
Waller: street work done; lot ready to
build on. ...
$S.5OO — Make offer; two handsome new' fiats,
six and seven rooms; built on both sides -
•".•;• rent $70.
NEW RESIDENCE— FINE VIEW.
MUST BE SOLD. '
Ten rooms; billiard and bath rooms; built for
the owner's home; hardwood finish;
large lot: see at once and make offer;
asking $12,000. _
$12.500 — Rents $110; three new. substantially
built flats; hardwood finish: beamed ceil-
Ings; up to date: park district.
E. H.'LANGE & CO.. '■ = :
26 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 2.1.
$16.C00 — Third st.. near Folsom} 3-story build-
Ing In flrst-class condition; lot 25xS0;
. rent $30.
$16,000— Ellis st.. near Larkin: lot 27x00; Im-
provements nominal; rent $60. -
$7,500 — Cole st., near Frederick; 2 new flats,
r.-u rooms; Iot 25x100;- rent $60.
$6,250— Carl st.. prar Stanyan; 2 new flats,
5-tf rooms; t^ent $50: lot 25x137:6.
$2,100— Stanyan st.. bet. Frederick and Carl;
choice building lots.
. $1.500 — J St.. near 11th ave.: cottage, 4
rooms: lot 25x100. . '
E. H. LANGE * CO
26 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM-23. ', .
SUTTER. north side, near Baker— 2 modern
flats., <$ rooms each; lot 22:0x137:07 Boi
2005 ' Call. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY.' FEBRUARY ,21; 1904.
I KEA]. E»TATK~CITY— FOR SALE.
ZZH ' * "*'
PEREMPTORY AUCTION. ' . ,
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
By order of DR. EMMA. L. MERK1TT. .
Executrix of the Estate of .
ADOLPH SUTRO, Deceased.
THURSDAY. MARCH 3, 1904,
At our office and salesroom,
25 Poet st., at 12 o'clock noon,'
We .will offer at auction to be
sold to the highest bidders and
, Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
Ocean Boulevard Lots. Ocean Boulevard Lots.
Fronting on Fcurty-eighth ave. and Oceaa bqu-
levard. between O and P sts. Lots 25x130 feet, '•
with double frontage, adjoining a magnificent
$7000 residence. The grand Pacific Ocean at
your front door.
PARK AND MARINE VIEW BLOCK.
Whole. block In 50 subdivisions, 23x100 and 25x
120 each, fronting on Fultcn and Csta., Forty-
sixth and Forty-seventh aves.; 2 blocks to the
boulevard and car lines. Superb view ' of I
Golden Gate Park and Ocean.
DESIRABLE LOCATION FOR HOMES.
8— UNSOLD LOTS— 8
.. . / i - .*■• ■
, . m
On high, sightly elevation in block 225, on Cliff
ave., Clement st.. Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
aves.; surrounded by pretty homes, and com-
manding view of the Ocean. Cliff House, Sutro
Heights and the Park. The last lots to be had
In this desirable location.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS! ASHBURY HEIGHTS!
Entire block on the heights or In subdivisions;
double frontage lots on Clarendon ave. and
Ashbury st.; on electric car line. Transfer
privileges to all parts of the city. • Masonlc-ave.
and Elghtee.nth-st. cars passing. Splendid view
of city, chance for speculators.
TERMS OF SALE— CASH.
Maps and Particulars at Our Office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 POST ST.," >
AUCTIONEERS.
'
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 POST ST.
$12.000 — i new flat*, well located in the West-
ern Addition: large frontage. 40x70;
rents $105 per month; half a block from
McAlllster-st. cars. :.■;'•■
$16,500^ — Elegant Eastlake modern residence,
containing 12 rooms, bath, etc.; large
grounds. 50x137:6. on north line of Clay.
$10,500— Shradrr st.; lot 25x131:3: 2 flats con-
taining 15 rooms: rents $80 per month.
1113,000— California st. (north line): lot 50x90;
2 dwellings of 0 rooms and bath each;
rents $S5 per month.
$12,500— Price reduced from $14,000 to effect
Immediate sale; splendid northeast cor-
ner on Clay et.; lot 27:8>4xl00: im-
provements consist of substantial resi-
dence containing 10 rooms and bath;
a bargain.
$5,500 — Webster st. : 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath, each; lot 25x100; rents $51 50
per month; half a block from cars.
$7,000— Flrst-st. corner; lot 25x75; 2-story
house of 10 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation: business district. <
$4,100 — Lombard-st. corner; lot 77:6x60; resi-
dence of 12 rooms
$1S, 000— Rents $152 50 per month: new build-
ing on Guerrero-st. electric line; lot
30x90 feet to rear street \ 6 separate
apartments of 4 #ooms and bath each;
modern and up-to-date in every re-
spect; splendid Investment.
$l,S0O — San Jose ave.. near Sunnyslde: lot 30x
129 to rear street; new cottage Just
completed, of 5 rooms and bath; high
basement: gaa and water; 30 minutes
from City Hall; easy terms.
$32,000 — Valencia- «=t. business property; large
frontage. 75x87:6; within a short dis-
tance of Market St.; 4 stores and 4
dwellings; rents $160 per month.
! $7,500 — Ellis Bt. ; residence containing 7 rooms
and bath; high basement; lot 22:3x137:6.
$0750 — RENTS* $9S4 PER ANNUM.
New corner building, north of and within
two blocks of Market et; ten minutes to City
Hall; 3 elegant flats. Just completed; all rented
and modern in rvery respect; marble steps,
extra light and sunny; property has never b«en
offered before; we are exclusive agents.
Another new set of 3 fiats on an inside lot.
, adjoining the corner; price, $S750; rents $82
per month. 0
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
CALIFORNIA " *. '' •
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
BY THOROUGH SYSTEM AND ORGANI-
i ZATION the CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
1 TRUST COMPANY has as many advantages
over the old-fashioned title examiners — each
working alone and without co-operation — as
the great shoe factories at Lynn have over the
cobbler of the olden time.
" THE CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY UNDER ITS CHARTER
and deposit of $100,000 as a trust company with
the State Treasurer is authorized by law to
act In any trust capacity. Where acting
Jointly with Individuals it renders great as-
sistance by obtaining investments and giving
clerical aid In the matter of accounts.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates:
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES: .-'
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Prcs. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
-.« Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co
P. N. LILJENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY, ,
OIney & Olney.- Attys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchen & Knight, Attys.
A T. SPOTTS,
. Mrx. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
■;, -'• Capitalist. 530 California' st.
ON MONTHLY
PAYMENT.
CAREFULLY
SELECTED
HOME
TO SEE THEM
IS ALL WE ASK.
OUR SPECIALTY IS
PROPERTIES IN "DIRECT
LINE OF IMPROVEMENT. .
Beautiful tract on Sutro Heights; grand ma-
rine view; lot 25x120; from $450 up; $10 month*
Office on the property open Sunday and. holi-
days. Take Sutro electric ' line to 3l)th ave.,'
On Ocean Heights, opposite Chain of Lakes
Station, south of Park, we are selling block,
bounded by 41st and 42d aves.. I st and G. a.'
Park. Graded. Spring Valley water. Price
ranges from $550; $10 per month. Office' on
the property open Sunday and holidays. Get
off at Chain of Lakes Station.
$100 cash, balance monthly.
RICHMOND. HEIGHTS.
Situated north of Golden Gate Park, opposite
the museum and concert stand; we are selling;
a tract of 20 lots on 12th ave.. 13th ave. and
B st. This property faces the Park extension
to the Presidio— Is graded and ready to build
on. This Is one of the beet speculations on
the market. '
Get our list.
We have- K)0 other lots In all. parts of the
city. Some special bargains In Richmond and
Mission. Will help you build. .
U. A. TURNER & CO. ■
312 Montgomery Street. *
REAL ESTATE^- qiT V — PPJP^jl^glP'
EASTON, ELDRIDGE &. CO., 638 Market st.
. ■•■ - *.„: >. •„ V .AUCTION.
AUCTION. '
AUCTION.
February 23. 1004.'. At 12 o'clock noon.
- At our salesroom.
FOLSOM-ST.' BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
Nos. 2134-36-38 Folsom st., 8. of 17th: abso-
lutely new building, containing store with llv-
iri--rooms and 2 handsome Jlats above of 6
rooms and porcelain baths each; renting for
$3t» per month.
MISSION ST. (PROBATE SALE).
Nos. 2317 and 2319 Mission st., N. of 20th:
extremely large lot, 45x122:6 ft.; nominal im-
provements thereon; mortgage of $5000; will be
sold subject to confirmation of Probate Court.
♦ -' . 9 CLEMENTINA-ST. FLATS.
Jtfos. 43tt-43«i$ Clementina St.. W. of 5th; Im-
provements consist of 3 substantially built flats,
containing 5-6-e rooms: rents low at $51 50 per
month; mortgage of $2000 can remain.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.-
a line of Pine st.. 110 ft. E. of Octavla:
extremely large lot, 65x120 ft., through to Aus-
tin ave.; Improvements consist of four 2-story
dwellings, Nos. 1819-21-23-25 Pine et., contain-
ing 6 rooms and bath each and three 2-story
dwellings of 7 rooms each at Nos. 422-24-20
Austin ave.: rents $rJ3 50 per month.
• 8EVBNTH-AVE BUILDING SITE.
Lot of land on E. line of 7th ave.. 100 ft. N.
of Polr.t Lobos ave.; 20x120 ft.; this prop-
t rty Is situated In a particularly desirable por-
tion of the Richmond district; '
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 4286-89-00 Mission St.. near Tlngley:
large lot.' 64 ft. frontage, Irregular* depth; Im-
provements. 3 frame buildlnrs, occupied for
business purposes: mortgage of $2850 on prop-
erty; must be sold.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING SITE. K
W. line of Flllmore St.. 35:6 ft. S. of Fil-
bert: lot 2oxlftp ft. This portion of Fillmore
.Et. is ranidly Increasing in value. .
• FULTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 1553 Fulton st. ; a beautiful residence of
11 rooms and. bath: elegantly finished; first-
class condition; should be seen toj be appre-
ciated.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
No*. 039-41-43 Lyon st.. near McAllister; 3
beautiful modern flat* containing 6 rooms and j
bath each; unfinished attic; handsomely
planned and' substantially built.
VALLEJO-ST. RESIDENCE.' I
No. 1625 Vallejo st.. E. of Franklin: beauti-
ful 2-story residence of 10 rooms and bath; |
this Is a particularly desirable neighborhood;
Inspection Invited
HOWARD-ST. INVESTMENT. V
No. 072 Howard St.. N. line. 250 ft. E. of
Cth: lot i")xS5 .f t. ; old Improvements thereon;
occupied as carpenter chop and Chinese laun-
dry: rentlns for $45 per month.
For further particulars apply
.EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 638, Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GRAND EXCURSION
AND GALA DAY.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. Feb. 22. 1904.
CHICO.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
of town lots and acreage property.
la the llnmboldt Addition Ux vhj town of
Chlco.
$3 40— ROUND TRIP TICKETS— $5 10.
(WITH STANDARD CHAIR CARS.)
Pullman cars will be run with the train and
double berths can be secured for two nights,
round trip $3.'-
Excursion leaves Market-st. ferry Sunday.
Feb. 21. at 8 o'clock p. m.. arriving at Chtco
Feb. 22 (Washington's birthday) early In the
morning.
All day Mcnday will be spent In festivities
In Cblco. ealc taking place at 1 o'clock at
State Normal School Hall. Returning train
leaves Chlco Feb. 22. at 10 o'clock p. m.. ar-
riving In San Francisco Tuesday, Feb. 23, at
8 o'clock a. m.
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
Intermediate points good on local or excursion
train.
For further particulars apply.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE fr CO.. 6S8 Market St.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
.•,'„„ ; 63S MARKET STREET
MISCELLANEOUS BARGAINS IN REAL
ESTATE.
$6(,WX> — The N.W. cftrner on Van Ness ave.,
close to Market st., 194 ft. frontage; a
\ particularly desirable Bite for a large
hotel or apartment house.
$23,000— The N.E. corner on McAllister St..
near Van Ness ave.; 50 ft. frontage; 3
substantial 2-story houses of 7 rooms
and bath; could be raised for stores
underneath and made to pay a hand-
some revenue; present rents $105 month.
$20.000— Harrison st., near Third; 45 ft. front-
age; 3-Htory and basement building,
containing ti flats, bath, laundry, etc.:
hard finished basement; modern plumb-
ing; rents ?145 per month. V- .
$16,500— Corner flat5, near Hayes et., running
through to rear ntrcet; 27:6 ft. frontage;
Important buslnccs • corner; 4 elegant 1
flats of 5-7-8-S rooms and baths: rents
-" extremely low at $103 per month. !
$18,500— Taylor-st. flats; very beautiful; four, I
containing 5-0-6 rooms, porcelain baths,
..* «w oelal nalIa - etc - : rents * uo P er month.
$13,000— 6th-st. Investment, 50 ft. frontage; 2
. ..•,; substantial residences; rents $50 at pres-
ent; could be raised and stores put
underneath and made to pay handnom<^y.
$12, (50— Haight St., near Park Panhandle. 3
magnificent new flats of 0 rooms and
bath each; 7 ft. basement; rents $110;
same as key lot. ,
$11,500 — An Important cor. on Harrison St., 30
ft. frontage; stores and tenement flats;
rents $80 per month.
$11,000— Reduced from $12,500; Pine St., »near
Mason; 26x137:6 ft.; substantial 2-story
houee; this property is a snap at this
money.
$8,000— Howard St.. near 11th; 3 flats ant? rear
cottage; rent ?71 per month.
$7,500—2 beautiful flats of 6-8 rooms and
bath: basement containing 3 rooms:
• plumbing new and In flrst-class condi-
tion; modern throughout; on Guerrero
st.: rent $G5.
$7.000 — Important corner on 17th St.: store,
flat and 24 living rooms; rents $60 mo.
$6,250 — Harrison et., near 4th; 29 ft. front-
age; two 0-room flats ; rents extremely
low at $50. month; should be Increased.
$4,200 — Mission residence, absolutely new and
modern In every respect; 8 rooms, por-
celain bath, handsome fixtures, gas
grates, high basement with store rooms;
extremely large lot. 50x115 feet.
$4,200— Clara st., near 4th; house of 6 rooms,
bath; fine stable with 9 stalls, hayloft
and carriage room; rents $10.
$3,600—2 beautiful fiats, attic: 5 and 7 rooms;
rents $37; must be sold Immediately;
/ this is a enap to be taken advantage of.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
).'-'■ 638 Market street'
LYON & HOAG. "
116 Montcomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
tn all sections of the city.
$1000 CASH, $40 MONTHLY.
$4100— 20th St.. near Castro; 2-story house, j
containing 8 rooms and bath; large basement;
25x114.
FLATS NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
$7250— '2 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms;' por- I
celain tubs; everything just like new; rent*
$52 50; lot 25x125.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$2100— A great sacrifice; lot on Jackson st..
overlooking Presidio; 25x128; must be sold at
once. ." . . |
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$30,000— Not far from Sutter and Flllmore
*>ts.; large corner; brand new: 6 flats, 0 to
7 rooms and bath: renting $3270 per annum.
INSIDE- ELLIS AND HYDE STS
$35,500 — Expensive Improvements; 5 flats al-
most new. paying $220 per month; lot w'orth
$21,600; (*er 3500 square feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2600 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms and. bath;
large lot; stable in rear; near Twenty-sev«nth
and Dolores. -,
FINE PROPERTY TO IMPROVE.
$5550— Price reduced; make offer; fine big
key lot for fiats; old cottage: now rents $"0*
marine view; Washington, near Hyde.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK, LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanslde Lots"*
on official erade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms*
see them to-day; get oft cars cor. 47th ave.'
and II street.
$75 to $250— Near Park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Oceansidc Branch Office, cor. 43th ave and
<K at.; open Sundays and holidays.
ffoOO. to $1000— Choicest Sunset lots for bulld-
i ing; graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
$250 to $S50 — Superb Richmond lots," opposite '
. new "Spreckels -Lake": matchless view"
don't miss this opportunity; Installments.
Sunset IJranch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$l.*>0 to $500— Level Excelsior Homestead lots:
.$5 monthly. ■ . -
/ . . . .-
$1200 to $3500— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.
SOL. GET7. & SON. Owners and Dealers.
,Room\54, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
$15.000— MISSION- ST. property: MUST BE
.: SOLD;..-pays big '.Interest:', close to
' Twenty-second st. ;l transfer corner; very
large lot: 60 feet wide. - < . ,
$0,250— Rents $C00 per year; fine flats:»all In
good order: Twenty-seventh and Guer-
I rero sts. 1, • ■ . ■
, $2.25(H-Plck-up in a cottage; near Twenty-
eighth and Df lores; four rooms; two
line* 'Of 'cant; 25x114. ... .
$2,200 — Bargain. In Sunset district: Ninth ave.:
six rooms and bath In. the .mest rapid
growing dUtrlct in the;city. -. '
$l,70O-Submlt offer: lot 31x10.1;-' Delores,
near .Twenty-ninth; all ready, for build-
ing: ; extra wide:, extra cheap. ■>•■ '
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
FOH sale— 68 0-12x131 :6 on Pacific St.. under
lease: $85 per ' month ground rent. ' Inquire
. CHAS. C. BEMIS.. 206 Hayward building. -
$2S00— RENT, $30; 3 flats. 4 rooms each, on
Vallejo t\., near Leavenworth. Inqulre-1128
■ Vallejo it ,..r \
RBAIi ESTATE — CITY~ FOR SALE.',
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.;-.
■ ■ . .- . . 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3,250 each; Filbett, near'Scott at. ; ■ magnifl-
• cent marine view, lots 21:6x137:8 ft.
each, and corner 55xl37:6*ft.,
$7,500— Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot 50x127 :8U ft.; ready to build on.
$10.500— Hyde, near Sutter st.: nne residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for $50 a
month. ■ ■ 1
$13,500 — Guerrero st.. near Fifteenth; three new |
flats Just finished: 6-7 rooms and bath:
all the latest Improvements; rents £120
per month; lot 25x131:9 feet.
$15,000 — Franklin ?t., near Pacific ave.; new 2-
story residence, about one year old; large
drawing-rooms, reception ball, hardwood
floors and tiled grates: Spanish cedar
wainscoting, beamed ceilings. butler r s
pantry, kitchen, etc.: four bedrooms,
larse closwt. bath, etc.: beautifully fin-
ished; two nervants* rooms; basement
. contains laundry, ntoreroom, etc.; lot
27:tfx(K!'feet; full particulars at office.
$20,000— Washington st.; NW. corner, opposite
*■ Alta plaza; beautiful two-story attic,
and basement residence. containing
falon parlors, dining-room. btitUr's pan-
try, kitchen, etc.: nve bedrooms, bath;
** two bedrooms tn attic; house four yeais
old; electric lights: selected woods for
. all Interior woodwork: concrete base-
ment; -.'lfnty of sun; elesant view; lot
l^tixllO feet.
$40,000— Montgomcry-8t. corner; Improvements
consist of 3-story brick building of about
60 room;-; leased 5 years at $200 per
month; lease guaranteed; other improve-
ments, frame, renting for $85 per month;
portion of lot vacant and ready to build
on; lot la Ii:::tixl37:« ft.. With L 24x73:6
feet. This is one of the finest invest-
ments ever offered on this street.
$5,5CO— Golden Gate ave.. near Scott st.;«ub-
' stantlal 2-story residence of t> rooms and
bath; lot 27:tixllO feet: a bargain.
■$10,000 — Sacramento, st.. near Dfvisadero; im-
">>'.> prcvem««nts 2-etory residence; large lot.
■ f>C-xl27:SVi feet: this is an estate and
the price lias been put down to Insure a
-quick sale.
$|l,C00— Mason st., near Vallejo; 3-story brick
! building of flats, 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants;
! rents JM7: lot 48:0x100 feet; only half
t '"':'■ '-"^ %: of lot 'Is Improved; tenement could be
I built in rear, which would double the
rents. •
I $5,000 — Webster st.. ntar Clay; fine residence.
9 rooms and bath; large basement; now
renting for $50: key lot, 25:8VixlOO ft.;
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office.
$15,500— Rents $14150 a month: 3 new flats.
7-8-!f room» and bath;. Sacramento St.,
near Fillnjore; lot 25:0x132:8!* fe*t;
new flats.
$5,250— Natoma nt.. near Ninth; 4 flats; rents
$50; this property is in excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt-paying tenants; no
repairs necessary; no danger of vacan-
cies; a good", safe buy; lot 25x75 feet.
$17,CC0 — Si»cond-st. corner, near Harrison: 70x
05 feet: fine site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$12.500— California st.,near Hyde; frame im-
provenwntB; lot 50x110.0 feet: hand-
some location to Improve.
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of ti-5 rooms and bath;
.rents $53; pick-up.
$5.250— Moss st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, near
Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rtnts $40; Iot 24x280 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. ,
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., , 1 V '
Real Estate Agents.
218-220.Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$21,i:00— Mason st.. near Pine; running
through to rear street; 4 new artistically fin-
ished flats of 10. (j, e and 4 rooms; renting for
$183 SW per month.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—25x86:11; Devlsadero St.. near Turk;
3 new flats renting for $100 per month.
WALLER-ST. INVESTMENT.
$10.000— Waller St.. west of Webster; 3 flats
renting for $90 5« per month; should 'be seen
to be appreciated.
McALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$13,500—28:0x137:6: McAllister, near Buch-
anan; substantially constructed building con-
sisting of store and 2 flats; renting for $06 50
per, month. ;". ;;
COR. 11TH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$75CO— 72x107:0; NE. cor. 11th ave. and
Lake St., coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST_ CORNER. ».
$7500— NW. cor of Vallejo and Pollard; im-
provements consist of flats renting for $08 per
j month.
I CALIFORNIA-ST. COTTAGE.
I $5000—25x137:6; California st.. n«ar Bu-
chanan: . Improvements consist of cottage of 6
rooms and bath. "V
GREEN-ST. "BUILDING LOT.
$5000—51:6x137:6; Green, east of OctavU.
BUSH-ST. LOT.
$4250—27:6x1.17:6; Bush St.. • near Steiner:
key lot; surroundings first class.
i BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$3750 — Boardman place, near Bryant st. ; im-
provements consist of 3 flats and stable; rent-
Ing for $12 per month.
COR. MONTGOMERY AVE. AND MASON.
$35C0 — NW. cor. Montgomery ave. and Ma-
con st.; 48 ft. on Montgomery ave.; old Im-
provements. ,
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1650 each— 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
mere left In this block. >. .
~ HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Carge Taken of
Property.
$210,000— Investment on Bush St.; splendid
apartment house paying S per cent net
en long lease guaranteed; particulars
at office. '■ ,' v - .•'.-•.■'•■
$50,000 — Investment on Flllmore st.; new
flats; flrst-class In every way, paying
8 per cent net per annum; call at our
office for full details.
$7,000— Residence, Octavla st., near Broad-
way; 7 rooms and bath; has a view of
bay; 25x137.
$5,500 — Lot on north line, of Clay St., near
Webster: 35x127:8; fine location and
size for flats.
$7,200— Marine view lot; Hyde' st.. near
CheMnui; 36:8x110: very fine view as-
Kured; new building on each side of it.
$5. COO — Lot -on southwest corner of Larkln
and Lombard sts.: 25x105; magnificent
marine view from every window.
$3.000— Lot. Franklin st., near Filbert; 53x
160; street sewered; make an offer.
$1.750— Lot. east sido of De Long ave., near
Waller: 25xS0.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man, go west with the city and bu*y
one of those $150 Golden Gate Park lots; $5
' down, $1 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter st.
$0000— 2 NEW flats, 4 and 5 rooms; California
. s{., near Fourth ave.; brings 15 per cent on
your investment.
JACOB HEYMAN* CO.. 117 Sutter st.
ONE MORE CHANCE— "
Instead of helping the landlord,
Pay the same rent money ; ."* .
On your own home.
Go out to-day and look at the new, mod-
ern 5 and 6 room cottages on Hoffman ave.,
near Twenty-third. Open Sundays for Inspec-
tion. ■ JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
117 Sutter st.
$450— ARLINGTON, and . Mateo sts!; graded
" and sewered: {25 down, $5 month.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter sU
BEAUTIFUL Alvin Tract, fronting Elmhurst
station; lots only $75; 25x125; $10 down,
f 2 50 monthly.
. JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter st.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
$35,000 — Turk St., old Improvements; lot 50x
S7':6.
$35,000 — Pacific Heights; very choice corner,
66x137:6; fine marine view.
$15, CCO — North side of Clay st., near Maple;
modern residence, 10 rooms; very sun-
ny_; vpry attractive; substantial and well
finished : colonial architecture.
$1,000— First' ave., between Golden /Gate ave.
and Turk st.; house Just finished; up to
date; not occupied; 9 large rooms, toilet,
bathroom, etc.
$6,500 each — Second ave.; two new buildings;
2 flats each; ,7 and 7 rooms; all rented.
$30 each; these are Just finished and up
to date in every particular.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.,
Mills Building.
FOR SALE BY
.' JULIEN SMITH, x . •;
Real Estate 1 Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
Northeast corner
Harrison and 12th sts.; lot 51x100 and 57 feet
across rear; title guaranteed by title company;
splendid corner. Iot factory, /livery stable or
dairy; price $7500: if It suits, make offer. '
HOWARD STREET,
Near 7th. one block of -new postofflce: title
guaranteed; the bfst downtown Investment to
be had for the money; lot 50x00;. rents $112 50,
but can tie raised $25; price $17,000; buildings
Just renovated.
BEAT THESE-" ' F>
♦14,000— 3 elegant modern flats; Just com-
pleted; Baker et.. near McAllister; desirable;
substantial: well rented: lot £3x122: part cash.
■ . 52750 — Modern ;6-room and- tjatli cottage;
Western Addition: near Geary cars; part ca*>h.
Send stamp for list city and country houses.
W. J. WHITE.. 20 Montgomery St.. room 5.
SPECIAL BARGAIN. '
PRICE $2000.
A good-sized corner near. Market and Franklin
■ streets: old improvements.
BOVEE. TOY & CO.. 117 Montgomery, st/. S.F.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest prices for. buildings. and will wreck
the ' largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest' corner Mission and Tenth,
sts., office and yards. i
REAL ESTATE>^C1TY--'FOB^ SAXB^
CTTTOOSTER CO.^ ma ; ket - s ' tkeet
SPECIAL.
In to-day's Bulletin we advertise an entire
I page of specially selected bargains, each ont |
; classified, so you will have no trouble in find-
ing the class of property you wish. We . ha ,y, e
used the utmost care to see that each Individ-
ual piece of property advertls*d is bargain
which we can recommend. All classes of prov-
erty are represented, and we are- sure It would
be worth your while to obtain a Bulletin and
look over our list. Free copies of the adver-
tisement can be had at our office.
$10.000— Elegant modern residence, finished
In the latest, up-to-date manner as a home for
the present owner, who wishes to go to Europe;
12 rooms, bath, attic and finished basement:
on Fell St.. facing the Park Panhandle; lot
25x137:6. '-.
$10,CO0 — 3 new flats on Waller it., near
Flllmore; rents Sllul.
$10.0CO— 81:10^x137:6; on Oak St.. facing
the' Park Panhandle.
$7750 — Handsome modern residence. 9 rooms
apd bath; well built: in good condition; on
Clay St.; key lot from Polk: lot 25x127:31.!:
can easily be remodeled Into flats; this Is fast
becoming an apartment house district. A
great buy.'
$2500 — Handsome cottage, 5 rooms and bath:
largo closets; large tongue and groove finished
basement: barn. etc. Can be rented for $3«5O.
On Chattanooga St.. near 22d. The heart of
the Mission warm belt; lot 25x117:6 to rear
frontage. The best buy of Its class in the city.
$3500— N.E. cor. 24th and Chattanooga sts. :
40x65:6 feet; a fine site for store aad flats.
$4500 — Modern residence, 8 room* and bath:
large basement: nice lawn: on Stanyan st. ; no
'fogs; no wind; lot 25x100.
$13,000—6 modern flats; well built; In good
condition; these are the kind of flats which
always rent; they pay over $1400; lot 51:6x
125. One block from Market st.
$11.500 — Three new modern flats on Sutter
■t., near Scott; pays $1200; lot 25x137:6.
$2800— Rents $450; 5 flats in splendid condi-
tion; rents low; always rented; near Sth and
Bryant ste.
$90CO-^Reduced from $11.COO to force sale:
rents $1178; make offer: owner must sell; store
and 11 flats In excellent condition: always rent-
ed; now plumbing; lot 40x75; near 4tl» and
Bryant st». j
$6000—3 modern flats on Golden Gate ave.:
rents $660; lot 25x137:6; good building; always
OUR FULL PAGE ADVERTISEMENT
OF CITY REAL ESTATE BARGAINS
IN
TO-DAY'S BULLETIN.
IT WILL PAY YOU "WELL.
Free copies of the advertisement at our office.
C. M. WOOSTER (XX^ 648 Market St.
MADISON &. BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S55.
CO Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$19,000 — Devisadero st.; store and flats; lot
30xb2:6; new building; rent $150.
$34.000— Fine business corner on Devlsadero
St.; rent $2100 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
' ■/;■; lot 50x100 feet.
}30,000 — Inside business property; on Third st. ;
rent $'.'280 per annum.
$13,500— 13th st.. near Market: 6 flats; annual
rents $1284; lot 50 feet front.
$12,000— Post St.; two large well constructed
houses: very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3,000— 0 flats and store below; near «th and
...-Brannan sts.; rent $S6 per month; new
bntydinz.
$5,750 — Natoma-st. Investment; good improve -
1 merits and with small outlay income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000— Sutter st.. near a transfer corner: 10-
room residence, in fine condition; large
lot. 27:6xl37:tf feet.
$5,000— Cottage and lot: Bartlett, near 21st;
6 rooms and bath; all latest improve-
ments. :
LOTS
$10.500— Half 50-vara. 68:0x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore st. : grand marine view.
$4.200 — Steiner St., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
?t,5C0 — Chattanooga st., near 23d; large lot,
65x117:6 to rear street.
$2,500 — Dolores St.. near 23d; 25-ft. lot run-
ning to street In rear; must sell to close
estate.
Lots 27:6x137:6 on Sutter St., bet. Stetner and
Pierce. . ,", ".
Building lots: NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st. ; In sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 uoward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6. on south line of
Geary St., near Flllmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
$1.00 PER WEEK.
LOTS IN THE REIS TRACT
ARE GOING RAPIDLY.
*125 BUYS A
BEAUTIFUL LOT.
NOTHING* DOWN.
ONE DOLLAR PER WEEK.
THEY WON"T»LAST LONG.
WORTH DOUBLE THE
PRICE ASKED.
SEE PROPERTY TO-DAY.
TAKE THIRD ST. CAR OCT
KENTUCKY ST. TO THE
REIS TRACT.
YOU CANNOT MISS IT.
SIGN AND OFFICE ON LA*ND
SITUATED NEAR THE
TERMINUS OF KENTUCKY
CAR LINE. 3T> MINUTES
RDDE FROM THIRD AND ■
MARKET STS.
1
ON E DOLI.AR PER WEEK
v PAYS FOR A LOT.
NO FIRST PAYMENT.
AGENTS' ON THE GROUND.
TAKE CAR RIDE SUNDAY OR
ON WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
(MONDAY) AND SEE PROPERTY.
AGENTS ON GROUND BOTH
DAYS (RAIN OR SHINE) FROM
10 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
REIS TRACT REAL
ESTATE CO..
C29 PARROTT BLDG.,
OVER EMPORIUM.
CALL AND INVESTIGATE.
OPEN EVENINGS.
_____
W. J. GUNN, ~
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$2,100 — The price asked: to-day we received In-
structions t.o submit any offer made for
corner lot on Webster St., 25x100; grad-
od. sewers in. street work done on both
streets; a few steps from the Union-st.
cars and Flllmore-st. electric cars; we
hare just sold the opposite corner, same
size, for $2450; make an offer.
$9.000— Baker »t., northwest corner; 137:6x
137:6; a fine purchase; very cheap; both
streets sewered: cars pass; cheapest 50-
vara in Western Addition; reduced from
$11,4X20.
$3,000— Lake-st. corner; 32:6x100; Sacramento.
«t. cars pass every f«w minutes;^ brick
sewer In; all street work done; a One
buy; for a business corner; with flats
. above; will pay well to Improve.
$5.000— Lake St.; 5 choice lots. 25x100; street
work done: lots, graded; on opposite side
lots are held ar J10CO to $1SCO each.
$3.750 — Clement st.: 7Sxll5; suitable for stores.
$6,5C0 — Larkln st. : 2 flatsr wide lot; 7 rooms
and bathroom Ph each.
$9,500— Broderick st.; 1 flats; a corner.
$1,900— Lake-st. corner; lovely marine view;
32:6x100.
$50,000^ — Two grand corners; 275x137:6; Pacific
Heights; panoramic .marine view.
Lots north of Golden Gate Park on all the
. avenues; good for Investment or building
residences.
$10,000— Web»ter-st. corner: 110x100; cheap- i
fine lot to Improve; all street work done :
W. J. GUNN,
■ 5:J0 CALIFORNIA ST.
BA RGAINS— ~~ \
M70W — House of eight rooms: modern- lot
25x114: sunny side Army st.. between Dolores '
and Church sts. : rents for $30.
$3500 — House of 1 seven rooms; modern- lot
20x125; Fair Oaks St.. between Twenty-fifth,
and Twenty-sixth: easy payments; rents $2S
• $2500— Cottage five rooms and bath: Junction '
Precita ave. and Army st.: lot 23x100- easy ,
ItcTv^'encC^. f ° r ", S - X »'•■,''«'«"".
NOE-ST. cottage for $3250: bet. 17th and ISth-
lot 25x110; 5 rooms, bath, high basement*
ham: owner must sell; make offer. G A
' BERTON, 323 Montgomery st
ItEALlBSTATK— CIT^— FOR SALE.
YOUR CHOICE OF FOUR COTTAUE3.
4 ROOMS AND BATH EACH.
In three different iwrts of the city an-l cn!J>
hall' biock from cars. , Larst lets, porcelain
[btttlw, finished basements, double bay-winjowi
and all other modern Improvements. The rv-.u
money you now throw away will buy them.
OSCAR HEYMAN. It Past st.
SAVE YOUR REST MON KY.
LET IT BUY YOU A HOME.
Our specialty, ••homes for your rent. money. •*
$125— Lots all level and ready to build on;
on the line of the San Matej Electric Road;
23x100; S3 monthly.
$200^ — Level lots; near Mission and Crsscent
avenue.
$0i0 — Level lots; near Kailrcaa ave.
${*0O for 10 level lots; half blocK from ilis-
Sl< *t;0o for 10 level lots': near Silver ave.
$C00 to JICOO— Lota in Richmond, njrth of.
'jMiO— Lots: Ashbury Heights; only two left
$450 for three lota. Including corner ne.»r
Orean boulevard.
$;n.o — Three lots. 7-rocm cuttac?. barn and
chicken houses.
$;j23i>— \Vhcl3 block, with cottage.- barn aad
outhouses, on San Bruno ave.
OSCAR HETMAN. 1» Post «.
-
LOMBARD AND MASON STS.
$2500 each— Building lots; on easy payments:
» *na=>.
Valencla'-«t. property at a bargain: 11x00 tj
rear street. Fine for flats and store*.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Pest ft.
AVE have a selected list of city property, housej
and lots: also in Oakland. Berkeley and AU-
mtda. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California.
$50O ONlJY for beautiful lot on finished street;
between Valencia and Castro sts.
$630— Large corner. S0xl<>0; on the gr&d«;
San Jose a\>.. at Ocean View.
$75 each— 2 level Iota at Ingleside.
$2."W>0 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
lot 23x114; warm frelt of Mission; make offer.
$3750 — Price of building: 2-story, store and
fi>ts: lot 23x100; Fifteenth *t.. near Market.
$1500— Well-built cottage on State St.. near
Seventeenth, of 5 rooms; lot 25x125.
$SC(!O— Reduced: extra well-built 2-story bay-
window house; 10 rooms and bath; In flae
order; large lot. 42:4xl."7:6 : sunny slds of
Pino st.; !>est bargain in Western Addition.
$!.-,, 00U— Sacrifice: to close estate: 4-story
brick ; on Clay st. ; stores and lodging; rents
$1500: to be Increased.
$16.500— Howard st.. near Seventh: business
lot. 50x00. with old improvements: near new
postofflce: bound to Increase In value.
ROTHERMEL &. CO.. 507 California st.
$5«5O— 2 FLATS. 14 rooms: lot 45x122:6.
$5000 — Waller »U: S rooms, bath.
$2500 — Whitrey it. ; 2 flats. 4 rooms each.
$2000 — Twenty-third, near Guerrero; cottage.
5 rooms and bath.
Chejtnut. bet. Mason and Taylor; 44x138;
inu'roved; make offer.
Pine. nr. Taylor; .'! new flats. 7 rooms each.
4Xi Jessie, bet. Sth ami 6th; 2 flats.
.McAllister at, : store and flat.
Whitney st. ; new cottage: lot 25x123.
350 Athens st. : cottage: lot 100x100.
Ocean View: lot 50x100.
PATTERSON, 11 City Hall square.
J5 PHR MONTH.
Investigate the City of Richmond, whare the
Standard Oil Company. Santa F» Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing plants are at
work, \jcta sure to Increase In value. All
level. Mars free. . •
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
I • Crocker Building. 3. F*.
i BARGAIN IN NEW FLATS.
PRICE ?7O0O.
Two attractive flats C and 7 rooms; Pacific
Heights: lot ::OxlCO; rent $62 30.
BOVEE. TOY & CO.. 117 Montgomery st.
TO raise money quickly will sell 4 .lots en
Nevada ave. ; $1."O »ach; 2 blocks of car line.
D. COFFIN. 330.". Mission st.
NEW FLATS.
$S7fiO — Rent $S70 r*r y»>ar: rouM be in-
creased: $5T0O mortgage at « per cent can
remain In savlnrs bank. See GEORGK
STIKKLEN. owner and builder, at 1373
Masonic ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick st?.
GRAND PARK LOT.-
Overlooking Golden Gat* Park; on Frederick
st. SO feet east of Wyilts. A. N. DADOLD
& CO.. *72 Broadway. Oaklard.
$.1000 — TWO 4-room cottages on LombanJ St.,
near Larkin: unobstructed marine view from,
both; rent $2J; lot ts worth the money. Ap-
ply 1221 Lombard st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at B per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO you want s nloe bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH <fc MAYER. Plumbers, S3« Howard at.
REALEST.4TE — Conn try — For Sale.
"W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$30,C00 — Klamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 2000 acres: cut
about 3500 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; gcod 8-room residence; farming imple-
ments: 10 horses; 3 gcod barns, etc.
$10,00l>— In Sonoma Co.; SOU acres well fenced
In 3 fields; house: 3 larse barns: dairy house;
well watered; 2C0 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard: 30 head cattle; 20
boga; farming Implements, etc.: $5000 mort-
gage; trade fcr bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co.. on R. R. — 16S0 acres.
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; fanning Implements; SO head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$85«X> — Soli by order of Superior Court, 10SO
acres, near Point Arena. 200 acres fine potato
land: apple orchard; 50O acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber: well Im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$3000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon: 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3500 — Only 2 iniles of town. 135 acres; 19
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa: under 3 ditches: large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $1GOO down.
$2500 — 160 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 6- room house: vineyard, orchard.
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
lob can be had with the place.
$3000— One mile P. O.. schools and stores:
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated:
house. large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced: 150 hens; new buggy, wagon.
farming tools: 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings; furniture.
$4500 — Two and half miles live town aad
R. R. ; 400 acres; 40 in grain on creek about
10O acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000—3 miles of Santa Cru». 47 acres; 1«
under 'cultivation, balance fine pasture: 3C5
assorted fruit trees; 15 *> grapes; windmill and
tank: water pi pert to buildings and yards:
uplendkl 8-room hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650—160 acres. 8 miles of Napa City, 3
miles P. O. : 30 acres under cultivation; IS
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine <«raln:
63 acres more could be cultivated; balanca
broken and rocky, house, barn, poultry house*.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse.
cow. poultry, tool*.
$::ct'O— liiO cere?, at station and near Santa
Crux, :t5 acres dear; orchard: 10-rocm house;
outbuilding*; mortgage S20CO; trade equity.
$-1500— Near San Jose. 14 acres bearing fr-;lt.
mostly prunes; facilities for lrrisatlon; build-
ings.
$;t250— 26 acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluaia; house. 5 rooms and bath;
Pa $ r 75<>^- S Gold mine, with shaft and fine body
of ore in. sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot. .
*\-X0 20 acres, near Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co • 0 acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream; buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy term3. ;T '/. : : - ■
S-^lO— Best equipped poultry farm In th<»
State- 12 acres rich valley lar.d. 2 miles of
Callstoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wasons.
tools; all go.
«19C0 Near Sebastopol: 16 acres; orchard.
berries; pasture: fenced 3 or 4 Reids; easy
$ISCO— 240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acres
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes. 43
i acres bottom land; house, barn. pack!ns-hous»,
tools- water piped to buddings and pasture;
equity $SCO; to exchange.
SO acres; 13 creek bottom: fruit, grap**.
berries, buildings; one mile town; tools; $600.
Send, stamp for printed list. '
XV J. WH1TK. 2B Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A . SPECIALTY.
"~ BARGAINS.
?2500— 3 acres: Frultvale; fine 7-room hous»>;
i stable: outbuildings; family orchard:
i water; near car line.
t2Cpi> — 12 acres; At orchard; near Uvermorc:
*fin* hou!»e. barn. etc.; improvements
I C173O— o acivs full bcarins orchard: near
I Ranches larre or small in "every county.
Oakland
IN 10 AND 2O A«RE TRACTS.
B:ack sandy alluvial soil; water «t IS feet:
fjne»t stand of grain In Northern California on
the land at present: adjoining beautiful or-
' chards. vlr.syarisi an-1 imprrvM homes: on th»
I main county rrad two. and half miles of Court-
j house nnd 2 live business town*: no irrigation
necessary here; investigate price and terms.
M» acres, as a whole or In subdivisions.
j.AV. J. WHITE. 2r. Montgomery st.. room 5
LOVELY horn-; 30 aeres~improved: only $400.
» .or will trade. Wldaw, tfu ParroU W4«.
■ saTana— Iktam MiasiHiMM»iii-i jsrTg£ A j^ESTATE---Coi 1 ntry — For Bale.
$2500— 1C0- ache rtock ranch; Sacramento Co.;
1 l\ o : C tei: T>ul tiL rry 100 head of stock, till
October 1.
f $15 per acre-160 tcr*« of No. 1 nock or
IX,.,. r l * nd; Sacramento Co.; clo«e to »chool
and in rood r.elchbarhood; oceans of flc« feed
n< -*!L?n th e rancfa.
f^oo— Improved r*iich of SO acrec: San
iitS ?,. Co S near L/>d! : "f 00 *! house, barn and
rg*?M; 2000-gallon tank. orchard, etc.;
"' nr <£ and croEsfenoed.
• .100—10 acres of flne lanC. for chicken ranch;
f°' a loration; Sacramento Co.
rJ \TZr° acrfs of choic* Jand: San Joaquin
C< 1- half alfalfa land,
, lOft—Good cpealr.ir for country blacksmith:
'Ecram^nto Co.; tosether with 10 acres cf
*-Jjf>ic«. laud.
Adflrprs box 15. Gait. Cal.
£ — 7 A Merced Hlver. Merced Co.. Cal.; ap-
jralsed by court at $71,000: assessed by
V^ nly AfiJ «*cr at $40,000; offered fcr $50 -
c*O: U year'iytime. 6 per cent; 900 A. level
•*raln. fruit ar.d alfalfa land; 4327 A. roll-
. * n^ — grazing and grain land: Merced River
; ranek through land: 900 A. can be irrigated—
"* %. 1rer — no rn >' a;tl es; improvemeats pood;
. 1 mile; church and town 3 mile*; on
v-Irect read to Tcaemite; must be «old to close
; «Ftate; a bargain; th» profl'.s from these lands
made former cwner. JOHN L IVELL.
»ho was murdered 1n 1K>O. rich: One rains
" t 1 ' 0 , 1 ?^ » nr crcca * n< "* rrowinr now. Address
- J - "- KNOX. attorney-at-lair. Merced. Cal.
FOR eal« or frxchar.ge— 714 acres rich valley
.and foothill 'land. Yuba County. Tvj mile*
Irom railroad: $12 per acre; or will exchange
■ or city pi-oprty around bay: ft-room house,
tarn: «vcrj - thing in irrod condition; adjoining
-• "range grov*«»: worth $2M> per a<-w. Call on
. <r uddrrss GREEN MAJORS, I0«0 Broadway.
. %
JOSEPH STRAUB. «53O Market rt.
5JX)0— S4 arres; 14 acres cultivated; balance
PJKture and timber, land; house, etable. barn,
enjeken-houfp?, well and windmill; railroad
;-•;_•.- throuch property.
<10iiO— 160 acres; lo a.rres orchard: houta.
ce.lars. corrals; plenty water year round; flne
rayture; jiine and oak wood; cheap.
£■£; clc «e cf!ate— Country rlace in center of
Valley. Santa Barbara; nearly 12
■ ere«; well lecnted: pood 8-roo:n house, «ti-
Dle, 2 cckvJ wtlls. fruit »nd ehaie; furnished
- e-r nnfuraiahed: at 1*fs tban cost. Address
bcx »4. Montecito. Cal.
P0n»!»-Ranch of 74 acres: good house and
.. outballflinp^; partly to fruit; near S. P. cta-
1'^. Artos. fanta Crux County, Cal.: price
• *,j<KX>: aiao other lands for tale. For*particu-
lars aflress Pogtmsster. Most>. Ca!.
I^ETV end s.-!ected list of country property:
fanag, Ftoek rahche*. fruit and poultry I
• «nas; alfalra and timber lards: call or srnd
fcr catalogue. ROTHERMEL &. CO.. 507
. '-allfomia ft.
.•TEN acres orchard; well fenced: house, 5
• rooms; high basement, bam. chicken-house*:
. one mile from Haywards; price $450. Ad-
dr-ss D. CHISHOLM. Haywards. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buy* a 10-acr« farm.
$200 profit vr annum j>er acre.
■Write for booklet. It's fr<^. «03 J »t--
•WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramentt). Cal.
$400— ABANDONED hnmcs-Mil, Sonoma Co.;
seme Improvements; fine soil; clothe to sta-
* ticfl: wood, water, good roads; owner going
_* to Europe: a Fnap. Room ."09, Hearst bid?.
ALFALFA lar.ds. Ftoek ranches, orchards,
■vineyard*; Inspected barraJn*: monthly cata-
Jojfues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 61S
Market st.
ALFALFA our fnecialty: best alfalfa land at
f20 t>er acre; ditch and artesian wat*r. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 11C Montgomery st.
IMPROVED irroperty and rity lots in Evireka,
Cal. : pood investment. W. T. BONSTELL.
agert. Eureka. Cal. j
A WEEK'S news f,-r 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
, 16 pages. In wra^P^r. for trailing. $1 per year.
!>AN MAIi;u 11KAL ESTATE.
EAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
XTe have a choice lt«t of excellent residence '
' Frop»rtlee. \ ilia sites ar.d sxreaze. Don't fail
tjt tee us before buying. Investlsate San
::?.:■- Park. The ideal property of them all.
I-ots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be niott valuable. Be« our local
agent. Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo offlc*
k.pen Sundays.
BALDWIN &, HOWELL. ~ Post st.
I
SAN S1ATEO. BUKLLNGAME.
Sleet is'jburh-an homes near San Francisco; no
• ferrj*. electric railroad now running; lets and
J'rionoes for hIp; we enn sell good lots as
low as S5OO Mi'>h: we will he glad to show
tl'crv; xv«> a!rn have fubc acrrupe land near by
e t lor.- as *!<•'• to *2O0 per acre.
MrAFEi: BROTHER?.
jHS"%to!iteo:n»ry ft.. Eah Francisco. -
rtp*id<»r!t Bc^-nt. t-. G. GOOCIUT.. Western ■
rjsletl T r '^prf-Th l-uildir>g. San Mateo.
SI BIRBAX REAL ESTATE.
$1 I OWN and SI a wctk buys lot on North
FJ.cre E!wtric R. R.; hydrant water and
electric lichrs <-n street*: residents princl-
rclly y. F. bufin«»5s p»"Pl*- Hoi 2C35. Call.
r o 1 XT ni CHMoxp real estateT
POIXT RICHMOND LOTS.
i-ANTA Fi: TRACT.
CfVEST NOW.
$5 PER MONTH.
■WILL DOUBLE TOUR MONET.
McCTXN BROS.. 11* Montgomery St.. -
y=OLE AGENTS .
WATEU front Jots and barrsins: &11 tracts;
n^aps. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bHg.
SALSAUIO ItKAL KSTATK.
LOT for FsUe, either as whole or divided, ICOx
2<X) fe«*t; unobstructod view entire bay; run
all day; cheap for earn. CALLEV, 1C0
Franklin tsi.
&EAL ESTATB \VA\TUO.
WANTED — Good farms and city property;
have cash tiuyon-'; if you would rather ha\e
the cash than your property write KNOX &
RIFE. Marietta. Ohio.
W ANTED — SO acr*» of l»nd for grain raising;
on Sacramento River; 5 years on rhares. Box
S15'J. Call office.
WANTED — To buy one lot; Richmond district,
S. F. : r»y part cash, part good mining stock.
Box 2C53. Call offlc*.
HEAL ESTATE TO ESCUA.VGE.
Modesto Property Owners. Attention!
The undersigned has the following attractive
residence situate in West Oakland; a eplendid
orporturity:
12 rooms, barn, large lot, pretty garden. Iron
fence ete^ all in pood condition: attractive
rooming-house proposition or for fiat*: 93 t*r
morth to S. F. : exchange for ran<:i n*ar Mo-
desto CS1. WISEMAN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG.
sole ajents, C14 San Pabla ave., Oakland, Cal.
FCR saJe or trade, home Jn Denver, Colo.; 00-
ft. front. 5-room nous*: nice shade, lawn and
Ffcrubtxry; will erll or trade for acreage or
vbatlness pro|»oFlt!on. Address J. LYTER,
Alcctt P. O . Colorado.
CHOICE Scittle real estate in rxchanpe f<:r
California properly. T. H. DEMPSEY. 551
XJarrott building^
EXCHANGE — Country hotel: leased at pres-
ent time for 5 years; $00 month. Box 20CS.
CaSI office.
PUOPEHTV WA.VTED.
a MODERN flat*. 0 and 6 rooms; rear Mission
aid Nineteenth. Box 2684. CalL
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'3TENTS
ALAMEDA ItEAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICES— SACrjFICES— SACRIFICES.
A email moderr. ccttax*. 5 rooms and bath;
fuerhead plumblns; completely furnlEhed; irood
a* r.«w: gaa ttove and range; beautiful garden,
hothouEe and outhouses; let 55x110;. thi* bciu-
t.'ul home will be «urinccd; $2250. part cash.
S315O will buy a. beautiful up-to-date mcxlern
7-it>om bouce on Clinton ave.; beautiful ma-
rine view this Is one of the greatest snaps in
Aiamcda; Investigate; stop pay!i:ff rent.
• Her* is a chance of a lifetime; newly built
colonial house 0 large rooms and bath: Jot
r>OxlO«' Rood location; sacrificed for »-i^v;
l^.-t down, balance eame as rent; this is u
rr '\Jo vou Intend buylnr? If so don't overlook
thin rhance for *4750. We are eacrlflclns a
Ixauttful 7-room bnuu on Alameda ave.. near
Grand et.; Jot *5xliO; part down, rest monthly
Horrw and bulldlns lots In ell.pirts of
Alameda. Cash cr intUllments.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park Ft.. Alameda,
j» r j50 COTTAGE of C rooms and bath: Etabl«
♦or 8 hnreea, and barn: In East Oakland;
lirice fciOOO: a snap. CHARLES ADAMS &
CO.. Eay etation, Alameia; j-hene AlameUa
• I
AN etejrant comer lot, 30x110; rrice $550; $100
cash balance $10 IrMallmcnte.
H. G. MEHBTENS.
Corner RailrcaU ave. and WcbsUr ml.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTIS'MENTS
ALABmPA I^AL
SPECIAL BARGAINS— EAST PATMENTB.
$1000 buys a beautiful lot, 50x150. near trains
and schools.
$1500 buys 0-room cottage; modern; very d«-
sirable.
$2000 buys 5-room cottace'; lot 40x130; near
Clinton ave. -" >i
$2500 bnys beautiful 6-rootn colonial home;
Ean Joee ave.
$2500 buys modern 5-room cottage; lot SOx
159; a bargain.
$3000 buyi 8-room cottage; San Antonla ave.;
a map. $
$3500 buys elegant 7-room colonial house;
very convenient.
$4250 buys colonial 8-room house; all modern
Improvements. -",.'.
$5000 buys one of the most modern 8-room
colonial houses In Alameda; new; fine corner
lot;, beautiful location. .
$6500 buys choice corner lot. 50x150, together
with large 10-room houee. in th« center of
city.
CALL AND GET A LIST OF OUR PROP-
ERTIES FOR SALE.
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITT TO GET A
HOME CHEAP.
HOUSES BUILT. RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST.,
Telephone Grand 1461. Alameda.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS
FOR 30 DAYS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS
'33:4x125 TO 35x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM S1XTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
* SCHOOL.
/ TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE,
1400 WEBSTER BT., ALAMEDA.
FOR RENT.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
10 rooms; n?ar station: large grounds, sta-
ble, outhousr?, lawn and flowers.
5-room cottage near Encinal station; com-
pletely furnished; $25.
FOR SALE.
New »hingled. S-room house; large grounds;
near station; $32 50.
Large S-room house, modern; sunny side cf
street; high basement; In fine order; large
grounds; $.3*00.
Large cottage; Morton St.: flne grounds; cor-
rer lot; near Morton station; $3500.
Ea*tlnke residence; 8 rooms; fine view; near
water; in first-class order; rents for $30; $350O.
Lots on Central and Sherman sts., cheap.
E. EX JL'DD CO.. 1424 Park St.. Alameda, Cal.
FOR pale — New cottage of 6 rooms; Fair Oaks
ave.. 10m east of Caroline st. J.- H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
COTTAGE, bungalow; furnished or unfur-
nished: two blocks from Encinal Station,
near bay. 12S1 Caroline st.
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
" A BARGAIN.
J5000— Worth (10,000; bank loaned $5000 on
this i-rcperty; must be so!d;.S beautiful
room*; coed as new; fine wide street;
mar both trains; lot 25x140; large barn;
prettiest garden in Berkeley; street werk
ali done.
$3150 — New 7-room house; frescoed walls; fine
■ mantel; street work all done; 5 blocks
from both trains; J500 cash, balance $25
per month: lets :l\-.n rent.
; $2100 — New 5-room cottage; yjOO cash, balance
52tj xvr month.
!2SO> — Two flats. 5 rooms each; lot 40x120.
; (l.VX* — Four roornn and basement; lot 50x135:
flne fruit trees; well and pump, chicken
houso; half block to train; $300 cash, bal-
ance $15 per month. Stop paying rent.
, $1400 — 5-rot'm cottage; lot 50xl5O; street work
all done; well and pump, chicken house
and yard: one and a half block* to care;
fUr.) oath, balance ?12 per month.
$700 — 4-rocm cottage; lot 40x132^; 4 blocks
to train.
$C'OO — 3-room cottage; streeL/Woik all done.
1 *2<jO— $10 ca*h. balance $J per month, will
buy a flne lot, all sewered.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITIONS.
! W. R. ELLIS & CO., 2130 SHATTUCK AVE.
[ 1 2h0o buys a pretty 6-room houee; east front;
in hne order; 50 feet front; convenient to
both ferry systems; at Ashby station.
j $2400 buys a modern 7-room house in the
I>:rin district; owner going East in a
hurry: furniture for sale; Investigate; this
is a bargain.
$€<*>— Elerant corner. 102x148 feet, in Peralta
Park; »tr*"»t work cost the price; a gen-
uint snap.
RENT.
I $45 p*r menth for a new, nicely furnished
hcuse; convenient to High School and
Dwirht way station.
j *22 t*) iit-r month rent for 7-room house; high
basement: on larre >ot: south front; con-
venient to Dwight way station; best
house In Berkeley for the money.
DO YOU WANT AN INVESTMENT?
One of the handsomest blocks in Alameda
; County; storey below and flats above; in the
heart of loun; always rented; paying a good
Interest. .
Price. JC3.C0O.
AIfo br'ck Mock: a fine NE. corner; always
rented: » thoroughly good purchase; price
$30,000.
A busineFS lot, 5O\1I8. adjoining stores, with
I U-room c«ttaKc: only fl<AJ).
A Nsarding-houge of 2JI rooms near university
' ground! 1 ; large lot; leased for $105 monthly;
pri.-e. Si:;, ."■'in.
A fine new house of 0 rooms; corner lot: price,
$»2W).
A well appointed house of 9 rooms; new;
$5750.
New house of 7 rooms and bath; furnace,
double floors, etc.: $5000.
New house cf 7 rooms; large corner lot: only
I 500 frrt from K^y Route Station; everything
mod-tr: price. %V «!.
JOS. J. MASON. rtCAL ESTATE.
1 SE. Cor. Center and sfhattuck ave.
ALL DESIRABLE PROPERTIES^ T~
$£{i00 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath, base-
ment and brick foundation; let 40x120.
J2250 — New and modern bungalow: 5 rooms,
bath, etc.; lot 50x135: improved street.
$2<35O — 2-story colonial houFe: »I rooms;- close to
etatlon; new and well arranged.
i $31tXV— 2-Htory colonial houi»<?; 8 large rooms;
hath and all modern Improvements; close
in.
$6r»l» — Fine large lot: Improved street; a snap.
Special creat bargain: rare opportunity.
I f2000 — S-rocm rrodorn hquse; built 1 year; lot
♦V.xl.76: Improved *tr?et; sunny exposure;
S25O: f?5 per month.
H. D. IRWIN, Ivorln station.
Open Sundays.
$6000 — Three and a half acres; suitable to
subdivide, from which rood money can b«
made.
$.">0'> takes three lot* on macadamiied street;
weft frontage; the best bargain in town.
$450 will buy a lot 50xl3u; fenced; a g?od
buy.
J2S00 — 7-room house; let 5Oxl2O; one blofck
tf> electric oars.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
Itesl Eftate. Insurance. Notary Public,
2171 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley, Cal.
$300 — Handsome 3-room cottage In North
Berkeley: hlrh basement; concrete foun-
dation: roorus plastered; street finished;
lot 4OxlS8; handy to train and cars; splen-
did view.
$2500 — Modern, well built 7-room house. In fine,
condition; all conveniences: hKh base-
ment; street finished; lot 40x100; at Ashby
etatlon.
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station.
:-^»: , Phone b'tuart .700.
FRANCIS FERRIER*
REAL ESTATE. LOANS AND INSURANCE.
Desirable p/opertien too numerous to mention
on every street In Berkeley at lowest prices;,
will furnish funds and build a home for you
on monthly payments less than rent.
List your properties with us.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY Station.
J2600— WE have a flne lot In Costal Springs
Tract on which we will build a 5-room house
to suit on ■ very easy terms.
CHENEY A BERRY.
Postoffice. Block, Berkeley Station.
NEW (S-room cottage, hath, pantry, mantel.
I hot xnd rnld water, large closets: large lot;
1 price $1600; tcrmc. $150 cash, balance came
a3 rent ;. convenient to 3 c«r lines and both
• ferries. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln etatlon;
open Sundays.
COTTAOE8. houses, lots: large list; terms.
MURDOCK & CO,, Lorln. South Berkeley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
CENTRAL R"EAL ESTATE COMPANY. '
2140 CENTER STREET, BERKELEY.
$450 — Cheapest lot In Berkeley; 45x125; street
work all done, fine view, within 4 long
blocks of North Berkeley Station; easy ;
terms. • :
$350— This flne lot. 40x115, fenced on 3 sldea,
street work all done, sidewalk laid, only
3 minutes from North Berkeley Station; '
terms, $260 down, balance $10 per month,,
including interest at 8 per cent; a good
chance for Investment. '
$1265 — A snap: lot In the Wheeler Tract, SOx
125: street work all done; finest view In
Berkeley; this lot is worth $U0O.
$2400 — Neat Queen Anne cottage of <i rooms and '
bath; lot 35x135: street work all done and ;
sidewalk laid; 5 minutes' ■ walk from
North Berkeley Station; terms, $400 down, (
balance on easy payments.
$5750 — We are now ready to show this elegant
new house; to see is to buy. If you are '
looking- for a house of this value: !) rooms
and bath: has double walls, floors are !
polished and double throughout, combi-
nation gas and electric fixtures, gas | |
grates, speaking tube. In fact everything
that goes to make a perfect house; good j
sized lot, 43x127; location is flne; will sell
on reasonable terms.
San Francisco Agents:
Bush-Hedemark Company, 11 Mot#gomery st.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY. i
2149 Center Street. Berkeley. '
1 ■ '
$450— Good let, 50x125; fenced; 5 blocks of '
U. C. 2 blocks of tars. |
$750 — Finn lot, ?Uxl3S; «ast of Grove, south of j '
Vine; all street work. I
$13C0 — i rrome, basement, large lot; 5 blocks I
of Berkeley Station. 2 blocks of cars; easy
I term*. ■ ,
$l$5O— Coty 4-room cottage; not a flyspeck;
close In.
$2550 — Bargain in a brand new 6-room > colonial
house, near U. C.
1 $3500 — « rooms; lot 48x120; choice location;
east of £hattuck, near U. C. and station.
$3750—7 room?; modern; corner; nice location;"!
•east of Shattuck, nenr U. C. and "Key."
$5500—10 rooms; a genuine bargain In an ele- j
gant. modern home; large lot; stable; j
nice location; near U. C. and "Key." \
$5500 — For an Investment there is nothing to - {
equal this — a good business lot,. 4Hxl20; j
! close to the be-st- business corner, with a |
building paying S per cent on the money; ;
let alcne will be r.-orth the money within j
a year. i
! LYMAN ALLEN, 2129 Center St.. Berkeley. J
A FEW PROPERTIES THAT WE CAN j
RECOMMEND. THESE ARE NOT SNAPS — i
SNAPS ARE UNCERTAIN— BUT WELL |
WORTH THE PRICE ASKED. ,
$2430 — A fine fi-room house; close to tralnfc. (
$3250 — Elegant 7-room house, with stable; good |
locality; southern exposure. i
$3250 — Two fine li-room houses, Just being com- j
pleted; elejrant view. :
$3500 — Modern 5-room cottage; lot COxl37; 1
street work and sidewalks compete.
$3675 — New 7-room house; northwest corner; I
cne of the bett locations in town. ;
$3750 — S-room house, within five minutes' walk |
of station. '
$4500 — Magnificent 8-room house, Just being •
', completed; marine view. :
: WE HAVE SOME MAGNIFICENT BUILD- I
ING SITES. WITH VIEW OF BAY AND •
HILLS.
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave. j
! A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS— '
$350 — Large lots on the foothills; flne view; ;
on the line of the electric road enters via; only
a few left.
$200- -Lot. 4Cxi:".5; west frontage; street sewer ,
and cement walks all dons; close to station.
$750— Lot, T0xl35; street work done; centrally j
locnted. •
$lft«» — Lot in th? Wheeler tract; west front- |
ag«-; fine view. K
i S1CIX) — New houee: 7 rooms and basement; '
Sctnic Park tract: gonil Income; rented, $"55 net. 1
' £4000 — N«w house; 7 rooms: south front: on* '
block from station: half block to electric;
good Income broDerty. • j
$4500 — New S-ioom hcu.«e; good location; all
Improvements msde. !
$370(1 — For rt-nt: 10- room house: south front- 1
ag*-: near station pnd electric. j
If you .'on't i>e? what you want, ask for it..
I W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. I
: 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
SfKTO — 3 SIGHTLY 1-jts overlooking =11 of Berke-
j ley; close to car line and university gruundu; .
' a snap; for 3 '«.-w days only. . I
I $2300 — New shingled cottage of 0 rooms a:id
batli on Imr-ioved street, one block to Tele- '
I graph-avf. car line; lot 50x135. LITTLE &
; WOOL8EY. 2110 Shattutk ave., Berkeley.
! BARGAINS In Berkeley— S8O.OOO; water front '
In Berkeley; 10 acres In the heart of Berke-
ley; chJnce to clear SUM**); $5(xW>. 13-room
house, 1 block fmm U. C. grounds; $115«», (
house, 5 rooms, furnished: also choice lots
I with sublime view. J. P. HALE, 1511 Shat- ]
tuck. North Berkeley. • |
! $60 — 2»>-ROOM ludglrg-ho'jse, one block from !
car and V. C. : well and windmill; now pay- j
ing $195 per month; will lease for term of •
: years and *e!l furniture. ;
YOUNGS & BARRY.
j 214»A Center «.. Berkeley. Phone Dana 205. !
: M. P. \V. ALBE1J. real estate and Insurance — I
I Buy a iiomt: in Berkeley, the most desirable
; reslrlen.-fe city in the State: lowest prices .
I guaranteed. 213!) Center St.. Berkeley, t'al. ;
'BEAUTIFUL Berkeley"; finest location for i
trains, schools, etc;; all street work done;
best of water: fi lines of cars to S. F., Oak-
land and Berkeley; must sell at ence. Ad-
drees box 2081), Call office. . '.
\ $2050 — NEW (5-room house, bath and toilet
I rooms; i.ewly tinted. 2111 llobe, Berkeley. ;
A. MURDOCK &. CO.. South Berkeley station,
fcr barEfl.'.n*; we build, buy. sell or exchange. ;
I FRUITVALE ADV'K*'S'31'NTSi
. : 1
FIUIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
I -^~- ' J
1 BNETSINCER & MATTESON.
1CH FRUITVALE AVE..
FRUITVALE. CAL. :
i FRUITVALE— TO GET THERE TAKE THE
i BROAD-GAUGE FERRY TO OAKLAND i
! MOLE. THEN THE OAKLAND LOCAL i
TO FRUITVALE STATION, WHICH IS
THE LAST STOP. TIME REQUIRED,
ONLY 50 MINUTES FROM SAN FRAN- |
I CISCO. TEN CENTS FOR SINGLE !
• FARK— 5 CKNTS BY COMMUTATION '.
TICKET. I
' SPRING IS OPENING AND THE BARGAINS 1
OF OUR LIST ARE RAPIDLY GOING.
$1200— 4 -ROOM, COTTAGE: lot SO feet front; !
high basement, good well, flowers,' her- ,
rUs, etc.: near school and electric cais; ,
$;:00 down. ;
$1300— 5-BCOM COTTAGE: lot 50x115: base- I
men), bath, small barn, chicken-house, j
good well, windmill, tank; near school
: at A car !inc. • :
I $17oO-,-4-ROOM COTTAGE; lot 100x120; base- j
ment: com;r lot: handy to school and
cars: easy terrrj*. :
11S00 — 4-KOOM COTTAOE: let 35x120; new,
east (rent, tine . location, city water, ens
Fewer, rxTcelain .bath, tiled sink, laun- j
dry. etc.: thin Is a little gem and can ■
be hp.d (>n easy terms.
' J21C0— (i-ROOM HOUSE) lot 38 f.et front; j
pnrlor. dlnlns-roora, kitchen, large pan- 1
•try. thr^e bedroom* upstairs., bath; city '
water, electric li«rht; three blocks from !
IMatlcn, I block from school and electric }
tars; very small amount down and eaty ;
installments. :
: LOTS — Gocd location. i
! $10 down.. i
7*— $5 r>er me nth. . • s
Wn WILL TAKE YOUR IDEAS l.V DETAIL '
AND DRAW YOUR PLANS FOR YOU. IF j
YOU CANNOT KIND ANYTHING TO
HUIT. WE WILL GET THE MONEY fOK !
YOU AND ALLOW YOU TO RETURN IT !
ON EASY INSTALLMENTS. WE WILL
SEE THAT YOUR HOUSE IS HONESTLY
BUILT AND S-'AVE YOU MONEY. WE
GUARANTEE THIS.
SNETSINGEP. * MATTESON,
1214 FRUITVALE AVE..
I H. BARKMEYER. j
i 1200 Frultvale ave.. Frultvale, Cal. I
1 CSlOO — Cozy cottage of 2 large roome; hard !
finished; chlcken-houscs; lot 100x150; 2 blocks
from car line: eary terms.
51100 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms; hard
finished; good well and pump; corner lot, Iojx
loo; all fenced: 1 block from car line; see this ;
before buying elsewhere. • |
$1450 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath;, high |
basement, cas and electric lighting; lot 87:«x
by 125; on macadamized street; Vi block. from
school -and 4 block* from Fruitvale station;
terms easy. / t \'
$1550 — New bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; all modern; high basement; lot 40x
115; Vi block from car line; worth Investigat-
ing. _J
$20(rf) — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lot Wxl37; all fenced; chicken houses,- etc.;
situated on macadamized avenue; near car
1-ne.
$2300 — Cottare of 5 large rooms and bath;
hl^h basement; city water: lot 75x200; front-
ing on - streets; all fenced.
f2700 — New up-to-date cottage of o rooms;"'
large reception hall; gas and electric lighting;
ccmblnatlon fixtures, porcelain bath, china
closet, etc.; lot 29x150; on Fruitvale ave. .
For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
1206 Frultvale ave., Krultvale, Cal.
Tel. Brook 633. I
FEUITVALE ADV'ET'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. '' Phone Vale 296.
Office, half block from Frultvale station. .
jflOO — Nice cottage of four rooms; fruit trees
and nowejs; chicken yard and house: close to
street cars, local train and school; large shade
trees and nice creek of pure water; lot 208 feet
deep; flne place for chickens; »25O cash, bal-
ance $12 monthly. .
$1300— $300 cash,. balance $18 80 per month:
seven rooms and bath cottace; close to local
train and school; chicken yard, chicken house
and small barn: lot 72x123.
$1400 — $200 cash, balance $15 60 per month;
modern, new, Eastlake cottage cf four rooms
and bath; hlch basement; close to local train,
efeet cars and school; lot 3Sxl?5. j
|175O — $400 cash; modern five-room and bath
bungalow cottage; close to car3 and school;
away from the cold winds and fogs, in the
warm belt of Frultvale; Just the place for a
chicken ranch: lot 345 feet deep.
$76 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: flne
soil: grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 bO per month.
CHAS. F. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale ave.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
\ ;
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The tfj-minus of 5-cent-fare. Haywards cars;
1 streets gruded ar.d graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $o0 to $200; $20 cash .
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
: train: beet located property on Sain Leandro
1 road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
1 AUh'TIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Osltland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
I OFTICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
I OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE.
; Five Reasons
1 4 \V. II. Y.
i The follo-wing
! GREATER OAKLAND
1 Offerings should Be Quickly Investigated :
! 1. — Terminal of Southern Pacific Railroad j
i Company, representing Immense Invest- j
i ment. [
. 2. — Santa Fe Railroad transcontinental »terml- j
i nal.
j 3. — Western Pacific Railrcad terminal.' : j
! 4.— Miles of landlocked water front. |
I 5. — Daily Increasing volume of shipping and I
i manufacturing lnt«fret.«. ■
1 Sioco — Business comer: 1-etory building with I
I 4 rooms: near large school: good living as- j
[ *urctl; widow must sell; splendid chance. !
1 $3200 — Guaranteed colonial cottage, built for j
j and occupied by owner; almost new; very
i artistic; stfnny exposure; on boulevard street; ;
! :M? minuies to t-'an Francisco. "
! $3750— Artistically and cnoroughly built: 2- |
ftory residence; C rooms; on wiue residence j
:. street; between Telecraph ave and Grove j
i fctreet: key hero: terms to euit; 33 minutes !
I to San f'ranciFco. j
$*."00 — Beautifully situated on the heights; 2- !
; story home of 7 rooms: bathed Jn sun all
J day; large terrace site; nne?t residential sur- !
roundlr.gs: this will be quickly purchased, I
■ we have no doubt. !
i $5f>00 — Telegraph ave.: house of 8 rooms; in
j firtt class, condition: lot 3!)xl33: remember (
! the avenue Is to be a boulevarded thorough- j
j fare; buy now... ;
! $ri*;>0 — O\Tner to leave for the East; instructs i
! us to speedily dispos* of the modern 9-rocm I
; homestead, with large stable for 4 horse?. !
; etc.. S0xl28:6; few minutes' walk to broad ;
1 gauge local; terms to guaranteed buyer. (4H j
! ROOSEVELT TERRACE represents a strenU- |
I ous, up-to-date property; large lets fronting ;
[ o7th Ft., between Grove et and Telegraph ,
I ave.: lots $750 to $1100; many Fold; four
Y purchasers to qultkly prect artistic homes: !
observe that the boulovarded M-foot street !
I. has all pipes run inside the curb line. Can j
i you duplicate this preposition? •
..$■1 per foot— 532 feet. Including a northwest-;
corner, situated 1 block east of San Pablo j
1 avenue, near *<hool and ferry train; owner
1 to leave the- city: a big snap.
I - W" H Y
WISEMAN, HOLCOMB & YOUNG,
314 San Pablo Ave.,
Oakland, Cal.
! TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE AND FINAN-
CIAL AGENTS.
Tel. Cedar :>ol. 1236 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$11<X> — Cottage 0 rocma. shingled, bungalow
effect, side entrance; lot flOxlOO feet; four
Mocks street car. »7«
11000 — Cottage of ."• rooms; good barn: lot :S7:U I
xll5 feel; vicinity of new ferry; $250 cash, 1
balance small monthly payment. 12U0 ■
$1GOO — Cottage 5 rcoms, good condition; Linda ,
: Vista; price reduced for quick sale.' 123S '
I $1C3O — A nobby U-room dwelling, built only 1
years; lot 10x110; 2 blocks of new ferry; i
well located. 1242 '■■
?2250 — Cottage 5 rooms, finished basement; j
■ West Bt. ; elegant location. 1(J j
t'-oijQ — A fine, large 7-room dwelling, all con- i
'^cnlences; g.ooi1 ,i»iru; .■.Iot..,«5xl00 feet: !
; ■ r "** good locatiun, near Broadway, south of.
2'Jth »t.; price reduced from $.1250. l'M2
$2.">oo — A nobby yueen Anne cottage, 0 rooms, !
reception hall, bath, laundry in basement,
j ■ strictly modern and new; In one of the
' best residence locations In Oakland; terms
I to ault purchaser. 1318 •
$27CO— Brand new U-room cottage, south front- ',
age: barn and driveway; excellent loca-
tion: south of 32d st. 18C0
I $:;o(.0^ — 2-s-tcry, 7 rooms, new and modern; rent-
ing at $27 50 *pcr month: high and ele- •
- vated view of the bay; half block from ;
i' . street rar line: Lfmla Vista. lll>!)
TAYLOR BROS. & CO., ' j
Tel. Cedar U51. VSM Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
DON'T WORRY; RUT GET A HOME.
j GOOD HOMES FOR LITTLE MONEY.
, $1100 — A perfect gem; 4 rooms, etc.: all finished
in the very best style: only one black
to cro?s-town electric c?.rs.
j $iWX> — Two-story house of \> rooms, with lot
£0x100; close to car*, school, etc.
• $1COO — New bungalow cottage, in North Oak-
land; 4 room*, bath, etc.; see this.
I $2400 — New colonial house; II rooms: close to
• fc'anta Fe and Berkeley local: Al.
f::i(:0 will buy the very best two-story colonial !
house for the money now on the market:.)
: \ only finished a week ago and close to j
Grove and !Jlst sts.; flne lrt. i
$275')— Fine Al cottage, with 7-foot bas?m;nt; j
(I ronnB. bathroom, pantry: fine mantel; 5
two-story fetable: lot -Is 83xl50{ only short ;
: ' distance from Telegraph ave.: lot coat 1
i $l»0<) anil house $3200: that Is Ji.'iBOO: only I
, -a few years aero: $27S0 now taken It. !
; $3500 — Reduced from $4000 for Immediate sale: '
new colonial house of 7 .rooms on Oakland
Heights; everything is good; house rents !
for &!0 rer month. '■
' $bit'O— East Oakland: tine corner lot: SOxlori: I
strut work all done; no better location
east of the lake; $S0O will buy It.
; See m« if you want -to Invest
i JAS. S. NAISMITH.
; Ml THIRTEENTH ST., OAKLAND.
i BELDEN'S BARGAINS!
1 C>!""">0 — Nice <:-room cgttace on !>th St., "\'j
1 blccks from stutirn. ;
I $24r.P — Another flne cottage on Sth rt.. close •
! to ptHtion: ." rooms, bath and hlch bap»ment. !
j $lfCO will buy a gcod Si-room cottage en 10th
; St.. near Center-st. ; e«i>y termF. . '■
$2S00— Mcdern C-rcom cnttage on 10th st. ; :
: convenient to Adeline station. j
I $2S0C— Choice S-room cottage on NE. cor.;
1 lot 33xl2S: near 2.1d ave. ;tatlon.
; $2S0(! — A --story 8-room houee on Sth ave.,
I and lot ar<xlCH. ■ •
| $lEtiQ — R'-duced from $\7*n to cl^?* «ut heirs'
• !nt»rPFt!«: ri-room cottage in K. Oakland; lot
I ' " " BRLd'fn! PF.AL ESTATE.
! 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
j >
$C50() — A FINK . home In lakeside District;
i thoroughly modsrn and up-to-deta In
I «veiy particular: ti rooms and bath, gas
1 and electricity: 6 blocks from the buslne**
! center: R blocks from new postafflce; eld ,
price $SCC?. j
$70CO — Two rew modern flats, csntrally located,
two blocks from BroRdway and business
center; lot 20x130: will pay 10 per cint
,on Investment. •- !,»..;
C. K. MARSHALL, 1118 Broadway.
' TX)R 55AL~E
J7.C00— Houye. 11 ricms; lot 76x125; choice
res'dencfi street.
$7,000— Houre of 8 rooms; lot fi0x238: modern.
$7,CC0 — Beautiful reu'd'nc*. 12 rooms; near
! local train*: lot 70x12.1. . ■
! ?1C,500 — One of tha he«t residence properties'
in OQland.
Country home nwr L"f> Gatns: fi acres; fine
house, barn, wlnrtm'll: *fi<X)0.
MEADS r= BELL,
12: % T BROADWAY. •
j,»27C0— COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath, largo !
j bHKfim-nt: sunny all day long: only .'! i
1 . blocks from City Hall: investigate It and i
GEORGE If. VOSE, Real Estate,
1ll» Broadway. Oakland.
$2000— MODERN', up-to-date, new 4-room cot-
tage, popelaln bath: on Fruitvale ave.:
, very latest and bc»t plumbing; will be on
* sale fcr ono week only. . ,
GEOROE H. VOSK. REAL ESTATE,
HIS -BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A SNAP: fine 0-room modern home; new mod-
ern plumbing; porcelain bath: large re-
ception hall; elegant mantel;* 2 rooms and
hall finished In curly redwood: walking dis-
tance.: choice location: lot SoxlOO. GEO. W.
AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
$3000 — NEVER g|t this /lance again; 1C- room
houss; 3 blocks from Broadway: lot 32:6x100;
land alone worth $2250: house* In fine condi-
tion; elegant neighborhood: owner away and
must -seM.- GE0..W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland. . • : i
I : ; — ' i : — '■ —
j FOR sale — On easy terms, some deslrabfe
, bulldinc lots. Cox 104"!. Call office. Oakland. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXPREAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 EIGHTH ST.,
OAKLAND.
$ IS, 000 — Modern 3-story business block; close
r- in: 5 years' lease: $1500 per. annum.
$2G, 000— Choice corner; 10 flats; $3200 per an-
num; close in: flne investment. •
$25,000 — Elegant mansion; magnificent grounds; j
cost $55,000; estate sacrifice. '
$10,500— Elegant corner; 12-foom residence;
extra choice; cost $12,500; Market st.
station.
$7,500— Bank snap: large house; corner, 150x
140- $10,000 once loaned on this; pick up.
$6,750— Magnificent racrlflce; 10 rooms; fur-
nace; stable; corner, 100x150; cost
$12,500.
$5,050— Albion and Telegraph: flne 9-room
house; includes carpets and stoves; lot
60x140. '-\ - • ■■;
$3,000— Beautiful cottage. 7 rooms; 60-foot
frontage; Eighth and Linden.
$4,250— 2-story Gothic; 7 rooms; large recep-
J tlon hall; corner. 50x140; Clinton station.
$4,000— Fine house. 10 rooms: lot 50x100; in
block and opposite $20,000 home; worth
$550f»;
$3,450— Half cost; large cottage, 7 rooms; cor-
• ner, 70x100: walking distance to Broad-
way; blr barsain: pick up.
$4,000— Fine residence, 10 rooms; lot 75xl«0;
choice locality; house. cost more.
$3,250 — Large cottage 7 rooms; :*. mantel! ; lot
42x125; near Filbert and Twelfth.
TRUSTEES' SALE— MUST BE SOLD.
Fine new bouses, 8 rooms; nice interior; lot
CSxll5; near "Key" ' route; poRslble re-
duction for quick sale; cas/ terms.
$3,150— Fine modern house. 6 rooms: up-to-
date; Piedmont's choice section.
$2.750 — 2-story houte. S rooms: 35x105; near
14th and Adeline; easy terms: bargain.
$2, C50— 'Modern cettaee. « rooms; gas, mantel,
bath; lot" 30x1 C5; Center st. station. I
$2.650— Modern cottage. 5 rooms; gas, mantel,
lath, furnace: near "Key" route; see
thU.
! $2,250 — Bay-window cottage. 5 rooms: alcove,
; bath; windmill, tank; lot 57x100; Lin-
den st.
\ $2.100 — Bay-windcw cottage. 6 rooms, bath;
corner, 37x110; Ilth st. ; easy terms.
I $1,200 — Plain cottage, 5 rooms; lot 26x123;
; rents $16; close in; bargain.
1 $1.250— Neat ccttag-e, 4 rooms, bath: lot 30x
: 125; near 24th t\..\ easy terms.
p ; LAYMANCE 11BAI, ESTATE CO.,
! 4G0-4f2 EIGHTH ST..
I OAKLAND.
! HOLCOMB. BREED ft BANCROFT. Inc.
I 10C0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND. CAL.
i UNIMPROVED.
1 $850— Fine lot: north side Thirty-sixth St..
I" ■ ■■■■ npar Telftrranh ave.; very low price.
, $1000 — A nortliwest corner on Grove St., nicely
elevated above street: all street work,
I etc., done: 45xlftJ: easy terms.
: WE ARE EXCLUSIVE AGENTS OF THE
FOLLOWING TRACTS— NOTE PRICES
1 FOR 40- FOOT FRONTAGES:
i Latham Terrace $375 up
; Spring TrDct $400 up j
! Moss wood Park $100i> i
; Santa Clara ave. and Vernon '....$700 |
Borland property $1501) j
i Santa Ft-, ••The Wonder" ' $000 up
'1 new~hWs. -V.v
$2t50 — Cottage of 5 rooms: porcelain bath,
with n|c''-el trimming: reception hall.
with »rt!.«tlo side window; dining-room
1 paneled; <loub> china closet, mantel and
j '. leaded srl«>s3 brlc-a-brae case; roomy
kitchen: Al pantry; •_• bedroom* and 2
; e-losets; wash trays and utoreroom; a
mod'.l home: see It.
AN UP-TO-DATK COTTAGE.
$2750 — Five rooms. recf:itlon hall. 'connecting
dining-room and varlor: cozy window
scat*, f.ne mantel, bookcase and china
closet: can and electric lierhtinrr: open
plumblns, porcelain bath, nickel S trim-
mings: medicine cheat! mrs'. b^ seen to
appreclatp Its good value: close to Tele-
graph avenue; lot 37:Hxll5; see photo and
plans at office.
TO CLOSE* AN ESTATE.
OftVr wanted on an eWrant 0-room house,
which mu.«t be sold: must be seen to ap-
j prelate, en Webster «t. and close to local
trains, schools, etc.; get particulars at cf--
$5500. A LINDA Vlfc'TA HOME. $5500 :
: Just con-.nleted: S rooms: every idea for |
cpmfort and convenience: elegant view ?
}■'. and surroundings; an ideal home. ,
HOLCOMB. BREFD & BANCROFT. Inc. i
! , K»U0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL. !
• HZZZ___ '
———^ 'I
I :~\
$12,0W)— VALUABLE LOT AT FORTIETH ST.
AND SAN PABLO AVE.: SIZE 102x1(57. '
LAND WORTH X10.200: HOUSE. S
i ROOMS AND BATH. WORTH $50f0;
PRICK $1V.OC(» UP TO MARCH 1. 1004: i
I AFTERWARD (IF FOR ANY REASON I
WE DO NOT SELL IT) OWNER WILL
WITHDRAW IT FROM THE MARKET
AND PO WHAT WE WOULD ADVISE 1
YOU TO. DO— RAISE THE HOUSE, I
MAKE BIG LODGING-HOUSE BY
ADDING ROOMS IN THE REAR. AND
PUT STORE (FOR RESTAURANT LX-
• D K U N 13 A T H): HUNDREDS OF
STREET CAR MKN. JUDSON IRON I
WORKERS, SANTA FE EMPLOYES. ;
EMERYVILLE CLERKS. NEED SUCH '
A PROPOSITION; YOU WOULD BE'
SUPPLYING A KNOWN DEMAND
AND IT WOULD BE WELCOMED
AND PAID FOR BY THE OTHER
FELLOW: ADJOINING LAND SOLD
FOR ?100 AND ftlSO PER FOOT OR
• WITHDRAWN FROM MARKET;
i PRICES WILL GO MUCH HIGHER, j
: . TCO.
: S. M. DODGE & SON,
1 llt:0 BROADWAY.
1 ARCHITECTS OF OTHER PEOPLE'S FOR-":
' TUNES AS WELL AS OF OUR OWN.
; 1 — , . i
'• $1000 — COZY cottar* 'of 5 roums and bath, all !
j In first-class condition; corner lot; street
i work all done: SW. corner 27th and West I
i , st».. 1 block from San Pablo eve.; good i
1 -; corner for business: e. bis bargain.
I $3CC0— 2-stcry bouse of f» roonm. all In flne '
condition; lot Wtx-JCO; CSO :»th «t.. near;
Grove; a big bargain at this price. (80) !
$1750— S50 3'_'d Ft., near San Pablo ave.; 5
rooms, bath; lot 33x110, with barn.
Fine residence at a bargain on the SE. corner
of 16th and Adeline; C0xS2; must be seen |
1 to be appreciated.' • 1
S5(i H-tth et.: new modern Eastlake cottage of
■ 5 rooms; hia'n basement; sunny frontage, i
' « 1
j 661 Oth »t« near Grove; house of 9 rooms, all i
1 in flne condition; lot .'SliUxiro; a big bar-
rain.
$2S5C — Elegant Eastlake cottarc of 0 rooms,
with high baoement. extra well built: lot
|i 37x127: Chestnut St.. bet. JI2d and 3«h-
rts. : close to Key Route Ferry: terms can
be arranr<*d; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; not quite completed, po you can
\ select your own colors of» paintlns and
« tlntirr-
, PEORGE-W. AUSTIN.
1 ■ Real Estate Asent and Dealer.
1 Member of Oakland Real Estate Association.
1 1CC2 Broadway. Oakland.
I • ' *~
I WM. P. TODD. 1070 BROADWAY.
, Oa!:land Real Estate.
I Pretty home in Fruitvale for sale; very easy'
I terms to* right party. .
f $2^0 cash down and $25 per month payments,
■including Interest, will buy pretty 0-room ]
high basement cottage: large lot. {iOxlAO:
near Fr'.'!tv«le ave. and county road;
price $3000; certainly a snap.
•.1600 — Nice 5-room ccttage; well located: short
walk to town; high basement; brick foun-
|*. v daticn; hot and cold water; bath; tiled 1
1 sink; Atreet work done. 1
i $2030 Fine 5-room cottage, with cupola: on I
west side Grove st., near 36th: near new 1
Key Route; nice lot and flne location.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
I HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
I 10<JO BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
$i000. ! $2000.
Lot for a beautiful home, 40x125, on west
side Myrtle St., between 12th and 14th.
See this. V"' •*■
$4000. ' LINDA VISTA HOME. $4000.
Nearly new 8-room house on northwest
corner: - beautiful and sunny;, l^rge lot;
furnacf heater: everything new and mod-
ern. Don't fall to tee this.
HOLCOMB. BREED * BANCROFT. INC..
1000 DROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
S25o CASH. ?ti monthly: neat, cozy new' built
cottage, surrounded by immense laurel, and
oak trees; running stream of mountain water;
sandy lonm soil ti to 10 feat deep; lovely sur-
roundings; section building up rapidly; , near
car, line; tine schoolhouge: good, substantial
community: see It and you will buy it. sure;
adjoining East Oakland: away from cold
winds and 'fog: price all told. ~$tf75; 2 lots,
SOxioO.' Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
. st.. opi>. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
{ rlace free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
WOODWARD. AVATSON A: CO.. Inc..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. l»th.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 35.
HOMES FOR SALE. '
$14C0-^Oakland avenue, near Pearl street;
" 5Cxl>4.-
S15C0— Lake avenue, near Perry street; lC3s208.
$17C0— Morte Vista avenue, near Oakland ave-
nue; C0xl2S.
$1750— Orange street, near Pearl; 50x126.
$1800— Eldorado avenue, near Mosa; 50x125.
$1800— Oakland avenue, near Benlcla street;
54x160. i
1 $2000 — Perry street, corner of Winter; 100x150.
$2000 — Oakland avenue, near Monte Vista;
I 50x125.
$2230— Broadway, near Mosi avenue; 102x120.
: $2250— Santa Clara avenue, near \Falrmont;
58x135.
$2<00— Oakland avenue, corner of Santa Clara:
«0xl50.
$2700— Vernon street, near Perry; 60x116.
$30C0 — Ads-mi street near Perkins; 100x123.
$3150— Adams street, corner of Perkins; 00x120.
$3500 — Oakland avenue, near Bayo Vista; 70x 1
I *2V _ j
$36tO— P'.edmcnt avenue, near Moss; 120x125.
$4000 — Broadvray, corner Brock; 0Sx7S.
$1777 50— Adams street, near Perkins; 273x125.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. Inc.,
' 1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14th.
BUY your horns or build; we advance money
to buy lot also; you pay back easy Install-
ments; representatives wanted; good pay:
write any time or call afternoons. 13'57
Tenth ave.. Oakland. I
A DESIRABLE place for a home at your own }
terms. See the owner, P. J. KELLER, of
Rose ave. .".7th and 30th st*.. Piedmont ave.;
office 4ft4* Ninth st., Oakland.
DO you want a fine location for a home? Too
valuable for my nursery business. See the
owner P. J KELLER. Monte Vina and
I Piedmont aves. Office 464 Ninth St., Oak-
| land. >. I
! SNAP New S-room Iiousp; bath, pantry, man- .
tel ilty wat»r: :i blocks to station and elec- I
trie cars; corner \nt: price $2500: terms, $250 (
cash, balance $?0 monthly. <">• A. RU-
DOLPH, lorln Station. Open Sundays.
A FIN?: 4-room cottage at Piedmont: high j
basement hath, etc.: rrice only $1400. P.
C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C« Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAK L A * D ' j ? . V s E s T -° LlET ' !
BIG catalogue of houses, both for sale and j
rent Issued every Monday morning: get It. j
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. ;
Member of the Oakland _ Real Estate Assn.
oaklamTfurmshed houses.
HOUSE — Superb Ircatlon; n»w; modern: chrap;
partly furnished; for sal* or rent. 410 Wals-
worth ave.
OAKLAND STOI1KS TO LET.
FOR rent: .«'J.": lars;e store: 5 nio<» living rooms j
upstairs: Rood locality for dining-room or 1
marV»t at A-ielin- .station. VICTOR * j
CLARK. JM*5» Broadway. Oakland. j
j OAKLAxlj^jl^lNITrja^^ll^SAL^ ■
; TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl- ,
: ture. H S-hgllhaaw.llth yt..cor.»tore.Oakland.
j BEaj. ESTATE.
1 ■ .-
■ $l"r.(k— NEW house, now- building'; 4 rooms.
■ bath, oantry; lot .'.0x141; one block from
I eltctric cars; cash or terms. We are also j
I agents frr D'as and Ivey tract. ELM- |
I HURST REALTY CO.. Elmhurst, Cal. j
' - |
1 MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'31'TS j
, " 1
i M I LI. V A L1.K V H EAL ESTATE. j
TXKE your w'.fe to sej the tract right at the I
.'?tat'on- bis lots SOrfSV. for $*>0: 1WJ sold In !
♦ nhort time; $10 monthly payments. LYON & j
! nOAG. 110 Montgomery gt. j
MILL VALLEY, the garden spot; for sale. In- j
■ » quire of hOliKH MAGEE. al2 Bush it.
* i
MUSICAL I NSTR PMJB^ 1 ; j. j
TVlNt. wSuECVkS W PIANO UAKUA1NS. j
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Cfcickerlng; \mlnut case; nearly new.
kjtetnway: about a year old.
Knabe: walnut case: finest, largest size;
nearly nsw.
Stelnway: larcest *lze: fine condition.
■ Stfrlins: mah.:tar.y ta*e; largest sl*e. »
] s-unrisrd: «.ak ..asc: fcood as new.
• Hain*-s Brothers, the ftnuine; tnahogany
i-ase; nearly nsw.
Steck: Urcei^t si*e.
Steck: medium ilzc; mahogany case; nearly 1
r.«w.
1 Two Neumanns; gocd condition.
Steck grand piano: good us new.
! Stelnway crand piano; In gocd order.
; PRICES FHOM $12."» UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
I In.-ludlr.g such Makes as Weber. Ste'.nway. I
1 Halnes Krar.li-h & Bach and others, from I
■ $10 uo.' EE.VJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Chirkerins Agents. :
Curtaz building. 16 O'Farrell st. j
: QPKN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
I ONLY piano house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for $:; per month and allow ;
: fi mopths' rent an>:l cartage off pur:hao«
i prlc»; sole agent.* fcr McPbail. Schiller and
; ctl;er makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayei.
1 A tLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
I $C0 up: greatest bsrgatna ever offered In San
; Francisco: all makes; rents $2 up; lnstall-
j menu ?4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
I Geary St.; Oakiatul address. 1252 Broadway.
FOR xftk- — An electric piano In good order.
I Apply between 12 and 5 at 117 El'.ta st.
1 A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (aiio furnU
i ture) will b- »old to pay storage dirt cheap.
i WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st
CHEAT square and upright pianos; new arid
cecond'hand organs: very easy payments.
403 Market et.. tecond floor.
ZITHER— Columbia or guitar zither instruc-
tion.! to play pian» music: reas. 561 Vi Minna.
BARGAIN — Sn-cll fquare piano; on account of
sickness. 74 Sholwell st.
NEW pianos «old en $5 monthly payments.
! JOS. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 1« McAllister St.
! A FiSCHER upright piano for sale; good us
' new; $135. 237 Geary St.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany: nearly
new. •HORNUNO BROS.. 218 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda'. Stelnway upright piano;
'■ perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 OTarrell.
EOHMER. Brron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYP.ON MAUZY. COS-312 Post st.
MEDICAL.
LADiES d:sir!ns safe, ture and quick relief
from Irregularities consult m« at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able: 1 have no failures; cure jruaranteed; no
exorbitant fees: 17 years* experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay:
advice free: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 7C2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; SO
years' ,asperlence: removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. Di:.,KOHL. reliable specialist for all f«-
lriale 'trcubie* and Irregularities: instant re-
llef fBMSBMced. 10tS% Market St.. opp. Sth.
V A LHEaA' S jtena Ie pills; best regulating pills
sob: pVNv»1 $Jti. r >0 by express. Pasteur's
•yrlnffe/uiM'tatilets: prlct $5. By express
only utj rt^fir.t d( price. OSGOOD BROTH-
■.UltSi 1 - whviesal» '.* drnggUts. Seventh and
.' Eioadway..C'^b?and
DH cTtwJfc' DON NELL, — A!t xphj are *lck or
ln tr.fflMjBRiVrisult this specialist on f#m*!i5
compV«e» positively corrected: tfce unfonu-
inate h^sfRfth* most difficult cases treated;
'advice i fr«e v Office. 1018 Market st.
Dm. Goodwin, 733. Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
• .In obstetrics." female complaints : Inst. relief:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years exper.
MEDICAL Continued.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAJR3
positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladles: con-
salt him free. 505 Kearny st. ; t«L Main 4J1.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG.TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. epposlt*
Union square: all diseases cured by h«rb«.
MATRIMONIAL.
A GENTLEMAN (widower), unlncumbered.
middle-aged, flne appearance, rood habits,
in bustnets and a comfortable income, woulj
like the acquaintance of a lady (middle-
aged », German preferred, who would appre-
clata a g >od home. Box 2520. Call.
A GENTLEMAN, 51 years old: am sober an1
industrious; no bad habits: have two farms
and a fin« Income; would like to meet a re-
fined, educated lady about my age: one that,
would appreciate a gocd home. Address box'
2663, CalK^
A YOUNG business man. age 35. with a fin#
business and Income, residing tn northern
part of California, would like to meet youns
lady, cbject matrimony; no- trlflersv Box
2535. Call.
ALL 'adieu an<! gentlemen wishing to marry
send a ?-cent stamp to the Elite Club fcr
full particular*. Address box 2098, Call.
A LADY (Protestant), neat and refined, would
like to meet a buslneni man: object matri-
mony. Address box 2545. Call.
A LADY with a good hom*. no Incumbrances^
would like to make acquaintance of a tren-
tleman: object matrimony. Box 2573. Call.
A. MIDDLE-AGED lady, no Incumbrances.
would like to meet an honorable gentleman;
objirt matrimony. Box 2533. Call.
MIXES A.ND .MIXING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owes cne of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20.0OO shares
of its ntcck at 25c a share, the par valn»
being $l. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent rein-
Ing expert. Is In charge of the work and re-
ports that tba- richness of the mine Is galnln;
rapidly as the work advancts: this stock will
ft. tc $2 a shars within the next 12 months:
Interested parties can sea the quartz and gold
taken out of this mln* at tha offlo> of their
f.Ecal agents, "
GERMAN f A INVEST. CO. » 927 Market ni.
WANTED — A partner with $1000 to work with
an expert on some dump propositions. Ad-
dress bnx 2K1P. Call office.
j MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
I BOILERS, er.ginss. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
• TOSH & •VYOLPMAN. 105-137 Fremont it.
I DOES YOUR ROOK LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte: tn rolls easy t-» lay;
needs no pamtlnr or coating; good over old
Ircn tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATZRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. «tc. bousnt. auld.
rented and exchanged: sea Sunday papers.
I U - Sm WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Bsale st.
t PEDIGREED Scotch collie bitch. 19 months
: old; house broken and well trained; p;;.v
winner at two bench shows; price moderate.
j Address P. O. box 253, Berkeley.
• A SCOTCH collie, male; beautifully colored.
v.iht lonar silky hair; perfect breed: trained;
very gentle and affectionate: price $125, cost
$5tU Addrers box 26C5. Call.
A— FINE >ults. $7 56: dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misflt Clothinz Parlors. 2.W Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
! A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. *n-
i . gtnes. boiler*, water pipe, shafting 1 , pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
! SHOWCASE; glass front: running drawers
i and doors; 28 feet: price, $50. BACIGALU-
PI' S PENNY ARCADE. 84O Market sC
ALTERATION sale— Best \2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pins; evn to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shces at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form shces at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 «d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog fr«*.
; 3Hc ROLL, and up: fine wall paper; samples
! mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
1OAN. 1^02 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
i TWO thoroughbred Holstein bulls and a lot
i fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
RTOCK YARD. San Bruno road^
FOR rale — Plumbers' and carpenters' tools:
large grinding stone; floor trucks with tracks,
at 953 Howard St.
FOUR or five pairs runt pigeons, one pair
white crested fnntalls. one pair white maltes*
hen pigeons. Box 1041, Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale — Horse and buggy, or will exchange
; for a young horse, "ti. A. CRANDELL, 575
Kennedy. St.. East Oakland.
A LLEWELLYN setter dog for m!< cheap;
Gladstune stock. Cigar store. 118*4 4th st.
12 DOZ." Hempel quoin keys, 200 lbs. plr*
O. S.. Al condition: *i list. Box 2366. Call.
I A LARGE Macneale & Urban Safe, on account
of settling an estate. Add. box 2559. Call.
FOR sale — Oil drums, barrels and square; 2OO.
gallon tank. GEORGE PARTRIDGE * CO.
j ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st.
! ROLLER canaries, $5: females. $1: most
! healthy. At LOHMANN'S, 3168 Sixteenth.
' LATEST movins picture films at bargain
rrlces. MILES BROS.. 116 Turk st.. 3. F.
' JOHN J. McCARTT — Teas, coffees, spices.
1S54-CO Market at.; phone Jessie 3061.
FOR sale— Mineral cabinet: catalogue with
over U00 srweimens. Box 2104. Call office.
FOR aale — 4-foot roll-top desk. 490 Eddy st.
FOR sate — Fine runts, homers and other fancy
pigeons at 2C"S Folsom st.
MEDICAL! Yale surgical chair, nearly n«w;
cheap; call 4 p. ni. 812 Hyde st.
I SLOT machine. Dewey: fine condition: $23.
1504 Seventh st.. Oakland.
! DENTAL chair, engine and vulcanlxer, small
cabinet. "4 Sixth st. ■.
EUREKA Nebulizer In good condition for sale.
Address box 2501. Call. f
I FOR sale— Five cabinet ova! showcases: three
: .". fe?t. one 5 feet and on* 0 feet. 2CG East st.
FOR sale — New casn register. 1700 Devlsa-
dero st.
( SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1S23 Marfcct st.
i DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. 1>.
! MCCARTHY CO.. 'SZ Mission; tel. Bush 437.
I MILES of plp« and /fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME good seeend-nan-i gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 MVt.
SLOT machines cheap: Clilcngoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes: see th* complete line at 1811
! Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE II ER-
j MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SA FES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE ergtntr. automobile* and launch's:
all sixes.. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont »t. •
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montr y.
MISCELLAJtKOt'S WA.VTS.
WANTED— Second-hand cablr.et-maker's work-
bench. Address 1713 Tenth st.. OakUnu.
PHYSICIAN'S chair, nebulizer, wall pUfV:
must be modern but cheap. Box 2537. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand btlliard and pool
table; complete. Address box 25S0. Call.
CENTURY Dictionary: state edition. Box
2CSC. Call office.
WANTED— A Tivoli pool table. Call at »l
Eighth st.
WANTED— Books of all kinds at Cain's. 127
Blxth i0..
LARGE "s#cond-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNT ARCADE. MO Marset st.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-o.t
clotbing: s«nct postal. MORRIS. Ill Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H, C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phono Jesale 374!. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothln* and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : ttl. Jessto 2S51.
y D1VIDKXD XOTICES.
SAN FRANCESCO and Suburban Horn* Build-
in: ooclcty. 5th floor. Mutual fcavinx* Bank
bulldlcg. 7CS Market st.. opposite Third —
For lh« half year ending' .list of December.
1903. a dividend has b«en declared at tb«
rat's r«r arnum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital . stock and participating certificate*.
tree of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Managtr. HUGH CRAIG. Sserstary.
rcr Additional Classified Advaxtlsataata
S«e Fazo 43.
3940
CMTRCIl^SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Valen-
cia st 1 an— Rev. Jay William Hudson, min-
uter;' residence. BOO Capp st. The Sunday
school meets »t »:45 o'clock. Mr. VV. C.
Maxwell «up-rmtrndent. At the ni°™ in K
-ervice. at 11 o'clock. Rev. Jay VV llllam
Hudsoo will prrac-h. subject.
Man; What Shall We Do W Uh H m ?
Evening lecture at 7:45 o'clock on The
itSM T Anniversary of the Klrth cf Victor
Hugo." Music by French composers. AH
seats free.
KJRST Conrrejrational Church, corner Pest
«r.d Ma«on Bt*. — Rev. George C. Adams, V.
l>., j.airtor. At 11 a. m.. eermon by Rev.
hamuel G. Smith. D. D.. of St. Paul. Minn.
Kl 7-45 p. m.. anniversary exercises nf the
Young Men's ("hrlrtian Association; address
ty Btfhup Hamilton cf the Methodist Episco-
t al Church. All are cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
-^sr Webater— Rev. 1. C Meserve. D. D..
->»*tor. Morning worehip at 11; sermon
i-Pnif, -Chrlrt Came to ?ave. Net to Con-
<i.mn." In the evtning ot 7:45 a patriotic
►ervice in remembrance of the birthdays of
Washington and Lincoln will be held. The
jianor srtll n>eak on an appropriate topic.
The choir will render additional music. In-
cluding the Bcnedictus in E (Dudley Buck),
and the anthems. "Let the Hills and \ ales
Ue»oun<i" • < Brir.ley Richards), and "Rejoice
in the Lcrd' (Sir George Job Elvey). Mies
Dorothy Goodscll will slr.g the "Star Epan-
g'ed Banner." _^ —
THIRD Congregational Oiurch. Fifteenth St..
near Mission— Rev. William Rader, pastor,
will prvarh at b<nh services. 11 a. m.. "The
Investment of Treasure." 7:30 p. m.. "From
Washln-ton to Rocsevelt." a patriotic ser-
moa to the cadets, who will be present In a
body. There will be special music by the
rborus choir. Mr. and Mrs. Trist will sing.
The nubile Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Klllmcre Fts.— Rev. John Hemphill,
P. D-. pa'tor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
ICvtnin^ service at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. John
S. Macintosh. D. D.. will preach at both ssr-
11 -e«. Sabbath-school at 'J:30 a. m. Orches-
tral music. «.*hrl«t;an Endeavor meeting at
«::15 |>. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
ing at * o'clock. All are cordially invited^
F1HST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave. and
t-'ac-ramento Ft.— Rev. William Kirk Guthrie.
1-ai-tor. Morning service. 11 o'clock. Ser-
mm by Hon. Ben B. Lindsay. Judge of
Juvenile t'curt. Denver. Evening service.
7 :3« o'clock. Sermon by Rev. W. K. Guth-
rie. Eabbath-school. 12:3O'p. m. Patriotic
i-ervlce. Rev. Louis J. Sawyer of Hamilton-
Kjuare Baptist Church will speak on "Chris-
tian Citizenship." Christian Endeavor. 5:15
p. m. and 6:15 p. m.^ Wednesday. 8 p. m.,
midweek service. Leader W, K. Guthrie.
Subject. "India. " All are cordially invited.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist .Episcopal
• liurch. cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev.
John Stephens, the pastor, will preach at 11
a. in. on "The Apostolic Boast." Public
worship at 7:30 p. m.. with sermon by Rev.
W. K. Matthew, D. D. Inspiring music by
1 horus choir. J. E. Blake, director. Sunday-
school at l'J:!U* p. m.. C B. Perkins, super-
intendent. Kpworth League at 6:30 p. m. .
mtPT MethodiM Episcopal Church. Powell
and Washington Fts. — Edwin F. Brown, the
factor, wll rreach morning and evening;
subjects. "Shoes of Iron and Brass" and
"•"hrisl's Knowledge of Men." Excellent
music. Peats free. All strangers in the
city cordially welcomed.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough sts. —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett, D. D.. rector.
Holy communion. 7:30 a. m. Sunday-school.
»:3i) a. tn. Morning prayer and holy com-
munion, 11 a. m. Evening prayer at S
••'clock. The rector will preach at both ser-
vices.
FIRST Kaptin Church. Eddy st.. near Jones —
Hev. Thomas Baldwin. D. D. Preaching. 11
a. m. Topic, "Give the Boy a Chance."
Bible school. 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeav-
or. 6:30 r. m. Sermon. 7:30 p. m. Topic.
"The Story of the Philippian Jailer."
Prayer meeting Wednesday. 7:45 p. m. Sub-
ject, prayer for the Sunday-school. All in-
vited. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
Hock. 223 Sutttr St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. :
subject of lesson-sermon. "Christ Jesue." |
Sunday school for children at the same hour; •
Wednesday evening meeting at t» o'clock: free
rea<!ing-room. 206 Kearny st., rooms 509-510; !
ail a,"e welcome.
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings,
ft o'clock, in Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter st. Sub-
ject this evening. "As It Is to Be." Pastor.
Mm. Anna L. GWespie. Residence, llol
OTarrell tt.
A GREAT union mass meeting this afternoon
at the Young Men's Christian 'Association.
Mason and Ellis sts.. at 3 o'clock; there
«ill be a meeting for men only. Egerton R.
Toung cf England, the noted preacher and
author, will speak. Special orchestral music.
A great public mass meeting in the First
Congregational Church. Post and Mason sts..
at 7:30 o'clock this evening, to be addressed
by Blshcp J. . W. Hamilton. This meeting
»ill celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of th<»
a.*«ociaUon. The public in general is in-
vited to attend. This will he a rare oppor-
tunity to hear these" two noted divines.
FENJAMIX WHEELER WARD, evangelist
from Borton. will preach In Howard-st.
Hall. *24 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth,
at 7:45 p. m. Mr. Ward will also preach
Monday and Tuesday evenings. Don't fail to
h«-ar Mr. Ward, who Is acknowledged to be
one of the ablest Bible scholars In America.
Bible reading Thursday evening ar.d prayer
meeting Friday evening. You are earnestly
invited. »
THE Theosophicsl Society— Col. H. S. Olcott.
presMent-founder. Headquarters, Academy
of Sciences buil'ilnr. Public lecture at x
p. m. r.y Mr. K. P. Jones; subject, "Just
After Death." Lotus Group. 11 a. m. Etudy
Class. Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
"UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Socialism"—
Free theosnphical lecture to-night. 8 o'clock,
Odd Fellows' building, by an T. T. .«..
Cclden Gate Lodge. Net* r-bange of ad-
dress. Library and reading-room open
«i»Hy. 2 to 4 p. m.
BIEETIXG^^SUXpA Y. ~
MRP. SEELUY'S tests; lecture by Dr. Hahn
Brooks, the plsnrtary: Julius Hevllng: S p.
».; 10r; Odd Fellows' bid.; music. Mrs.Kunz.
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. Young's
genuine ppirit messages to-night. 10c; pri-
vate readings daily. «19 McAllister st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every niglit
except Sat.. 10c; elt. 10 to 6. 14S Sixth et.
MRS. EHERHARDTS test meeting to-night,
KH. C25rt 22d St.. near Valencia: read, daily.
EEER. Hsryptlan Hindu, occult, reads daily;
clr. Wed.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m. lCc. 540 Ellis.
Friendship Hall, ""5 McAllister — Tests to all,
l(sc; readings dally. Mrs. Meyer and others.
KATIIC HI'l'SSMANN'S circle Frldsy eve,
25c; fit dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 997.
MRS. HARLANI). reading*. ,Vk-. *1. I4S Cth st.
Prnphr-ti.? ti-Ft circlet:. *-v jrtr.rs. JOc ; to-night.
TKfc'TS, JMr.t Market; 2-8. Mr. Wlleon; 4. Mrs.
Waltman; K. L'r. Cowan. Hargrave; 10c.
HKAR Perkins to-r.ltht, 122<» Mission; private
readings ilally in ?>fycho-Mology.
njcruRtis. ~ ~
DR. JOHN A. KERGANS free lecture this
evening. Cryctal Hall. Pythian Castle. 903
Market st. Subject. "The Care of the Bady."
followed by popular Illustrated songs- free
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium. Tuesday evening; remem-
lier the «ju«-Mlon b'.-x.
"XOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Ilrown; sub-
ject. "My Klncdom"; the speaker will elab-
orate 011 the cl.i saw. "My mind my kingdom
1s": come, cut and learn how by right think-
.lag to direct your kinrJom; free with collec-
jlon. «Md Follows' bU'.g.. 8 p. m, sharp.
AKTl.IR MORROW LEWIS will lecture In
«»d<i Fellows' building to-nipht at 8; subject.
■The 1'ol^'s Message." This Butonlshing
•iooument will he nnrlyzed from the rtand-
palst of modern *<-ienc e and l-hilosoj.hy; 10c.
O. N. ORLOW lectures ihls (Sunday) evening
In UolUen Gate Hall (upper), CT9 Putter et
At S o'clock, the topic to be presented '
"Imaginative Intelligence."
Q<-oJ mufcic and fringing. Admission free.
MRS. ELIZABETH DEI 'RESS. from the Lo"»
>ngele« f School of MetaphyeJcs. will hold an
<<I>cn <jurptlon meeting every Kundar evening
In the E.-ibt Parlor. Golden Gate Hall at 8
«iVl«»;k >har:.. All Interested are invited.
fc' W A Ji: TR1GI-NATITA will deliver his eighth
lecture on "P*ychle Powers and the Life of
the Oreat Indian Prophet of the. Age" to-
i-.isrht. S o'clock: admission Sic. 40 Steiner
wt.. V4danl» Society. "
PROCIIEFSIVE Spiritualist*, to-night. Odd Fel-
lowt' building. Seventh and Market Farewell
*dd/»£K of Madam Florence Montague before
her departure for London.
ADOPTION.
WANTED — For adoption, a healthy girTVabV
MKS. DR. EMILIE FUNKE, 1416 Eighth
St., Alameda.
ADVEITISEMEKT WEITOTO.
11A VINO recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States.
I will cell them at -5 per r*nt discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
:r.r I'V correspondence and assists Its grad-
uate* to secure positions; catalogues ■ fur-
Blthed on application. Address box 3028. Call.
ASTROLOGV. "
ASTOR, famous N. Y. astrologer: advice, les-
ti.ru; cunralt., fl. Cock Store 1203 Market.
MEETING NOTICES. \
ASYLUM of California Commandcry No. " < -a»2
1. K. T. — Sir KnigJlts are notified to TJBT
assemble In the Asylum on MONDAY RS
AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock to attend fsy
the .funeral of our deceased frater, **
SIR THOMAS BYRON DE WITT.
THOS. H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, P. and A. Q
M.— The cfricera and members of th<? I
above named lodge are hereby notified AV\ 1
to attend the funeral of our late
brother, THOMAS BYRON DE WITT, in
King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple. MON-
DAY. February 22, at 2 o'clock p. m. Mas-
ter Masons and friends of the deceased are
Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secsfetary.
PACIFIC LODGE No. 136. F. and A. «
M., Mascnlc Temple, will meet MON- W
DAY. the 22d. at 1 p. m.. to attend />f\
the funeral of our late Bro. CARL
ANDERSON. Master Masons are Invited.
GEORGE PEN'LINGTON. Sec.
DOUBLE Initiation Unity Lodge .■,-aa»«-.,.
No. 131. I. O. O. F-. TUESDAY, £%?%&»&■.
Fibruary 23. All mrmlrfru are re- -^f^^S^'/
quested to attend. Visitors wel- <STOTs-
come. W. R. LINDSAY. N. G.
H. J. E. VAUPEL. Rec. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodse No. 222. I. O.
(>. F.— Members will P 1 '' ase 5<S?5JSiii ! S
attend Feb. 22, as the subject^g^SSfcVp
of donation to the sovereign -*.TKW-
Grand Lodge reception fund will be brought
up. N. F. MACPHEE. N. G.
H. A. BA1LT, R. S. -
UNDER the auspices cf Clan 1
Kreser. Order cf Scottish Clans, VC&r
Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy St.. WED- tSTft.
NESDAY EVENING, March 2. <^*£»
at ft: 15 o'clock, grand illustrated jTvT
lecture presented by DR. IAN «S •
GRANT, world famous Scotch traveler and
author-of "Travel Talks O'er the WorlJ":
subject, "Where the Purple Heather Blooms"
(Scotland); 150 magnificently colored slides;
beautiful and artistic effects; In his native
Highlands DR. GRANT has inhaled the at-
mosphere that pervades the poetry of Robert
Burns and Sir Walter Scott; he has lingered
long In the shadow of the cloister wall and
ruined abbey, and his views from the famous
loch country have never been equaled; ad-
mission, adults 50c: children under 12 years
25c / ALEX KING, Secretary.
. . ; i
TO the officers and member's of the • /--
Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, Lo- jSS*
cal TJ2. of the I. L. M. an.i T. A. — £&*4
The regular meeting of this union r4«?CT
will be held at our hail. K0.1 Front \M9
St.. TUESDAY EVENING, Feb- }£$$&,
ruary 23. at 7:30 p. m. By order of •**•** *
HUGH KEON. First Vice President.
HENRY JEND. Rec.-Cor. Secretary.
THE Expresemen's Association of S. F. cor-
dially Invites all bona fde owners of teams
to an osen meeting to be held at Alcazar
building on SUNDAY. February 21, 1904.
at 2:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETLNG— Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company. ."27 Market street,
room 4. second floor. In the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March, A. D.
1&04, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
«ie purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as jnay
properly come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Tl.'ESDAY, February 23.
1004 at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company. 327 Markftt st., San
Francisco, Cal.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from the New Highland Gold and Cop-
per Mining Company, in Mamaluke gravel
mine, near Georgetown, El Dorado County,
Cal.. draining into Canyon Creek, which
reaches American River, gives notice that
: a meeting will be held at room 86. Flood j
building. San Francisco, Cal., March 7, 1UOI.-
at 1:30 p. m. ■
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — The regular annual meeting cf the
stockholders of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be held at the office
: of the company. 327 Market st. (room 4,
necend floor). In the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day cf March, 1004, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
poee of electing a Board of Directors to
etrve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of 6uch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY, Febru-
ary 20, 15404. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. S27 Market st., San Fran-
cisco. California. San Francisco, Cal.. Feb.
16. 1004.
I ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — Th« regular annual
meeting of. the stockholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY w!Il be
held at the office" ot the company. 327 Mar-
ket street (room 4, second floor). In the city
ar.d county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
February. A. D. 1H04. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board oX directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the trannactlon of «uch other
business as may Droperly come before the
! meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. February 13. 1304, at 3 o'clock p. m.
; H. W. THOMAS.
j Secretary Honolulu Plantation Company. 327 I
I Market street. Ssn Francisco. California. 1
£&n FrsnciBL-o. Cal.. Feb. 10. 1904. ,
NOTICE of nnnual stockholJere' meeting — The
regular annual meeting of stockholders
of Associated Oil Company (a corporation;
will be held at the office of the company,
eleventh floor. Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco California, on MONDAY, 26th day
of Febiuary. 1904. at the hour of 10 a. m..
fcr the purpose of electing a Board of Direct-
i or* to fccrve for the ensuing year and the
I tranractl'm of such other business as may
cone before the meeting. This noitce ib
printfd In the San Francisco Call by order
and direction of noard of Directors of As-
sociated OH Company.
O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
Office — Eleventh floor, Hayward building.
San Francisco, Cal. Dated Feb. 1C, 1904.
ANNUAL meetlnc — Kllauea Sugar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
ttorkholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be held at the
office- of the company, 327 Market st.
(rccm 4, second floor), in the clt: and county
cf San Francisco. State of Callfor: 'n. on
•'UESDAY. the 23d day of February. A. D
1904, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
terve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as mav prop-
. »rly come before the meeting. Transfer books,
will close on Friday. February 12. 1!K>4. at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMA8.
Secretary Kllauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Ean Francisco. Cal.. Feb. 0. 1904.. -.
-■» TTO It X EVf -A T- LA \V.
w. 11. bittnerT"
I ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice Free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322, Emma Spreckels Building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
right causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully, detained: attachments and garnish-
ments f6r debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made iti all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and rave money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2, 3; 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
It. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611 ; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for conrultatiun;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE FREE! ~~
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85, 916 Market et. : tel. John C226.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 MarUet St., nn. 301.
D. S. CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
AGi:\TS WASTED.
AUTOMATIC washers sell themselves: one j
agent writes: "Exhibited sample to 10 wo-
men; took 10 orders"; time required 45 min-
utes; profit over $50; guaranteed to do wash-
ing in 30 minutes; furnishes own power; re-
quires no labor or attention; costs less than.j
any uther machine; free sample, exclusive t
territory furnished; $50 week guaranteed; I
thousands of testimonials. Automatic Washer
Company, Station U, Chicago.
MEN and women for Eanitary aluminum coffee
and tea maker; sells on sight; 100 per cent
profit; nample postpaid 50c; particular*, ac-
companied by special offer to introduce at
same time Knelpp Malt Coffee; double profit
proposition. Wisconsin Mrg. Co., Manitowoc
Wis. t
kWANTED;-Agents to eell splendid, article to
housekeepers; aU want it; one^mgent made
$100 in ten days in October; onj^r/llable, in-
dustrious agents need apply^*-n/vv % article;
ready seller; big commisgioss. .Xddwss JU-
BILEE IRON CO.. OmahCiNpfcf., .lBoa.
: .»-- ■ V- -•*--,' .--*
AGENT of ability and good 'aripearance 'who
can successfully present' preposition; gentle-
men or ladles; splendid operans^^ Insurance
solicitor; experience not csselit JBajfc^vaii have
ability. Call at room Gl, VfmaB&l bldg.
RELIABLE lady or gentlemenvHRtors for a I
good money maker; ■ steady employment. Call
Tuesday, 325 Phelan building. . ■ 1
AGENCIES for every .city of the Union for the ,
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Pott M., San Francisco, Cal. - I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
AGEXTS WASTED— Continued.
WANTED— Agents to' sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want it; one agent made
Sloo in ten days in October: only reliable, in-
dustrious agents need- apply; new -article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address JU-
B1LEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr., 1503. j
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you in profitable mail order
business at your home; pleasant work; Im-
mense profits; unlimited possibilities. Full
Information for sump. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO., Denver. Colo.
WANTED — Agents: new fountain comb; ap-
plies any dandruff cure or bleach to scalp or
hair without waste or soiled hands; get prop-
osition at once. Western Comb Worki, 20
Monroe ave., Detroit. Mich.
WE can f tart you In good paying business (out-
door advertising); no canvassing; men par-
ticularly wanted in towns of 25,000 Inhabi-
tants and less; permanent occupation.
ATOZ, South Whltley, Ind. x
WANTED — Lady agents In every principal city
to sell S. F. Golden Gate Park lots on lib-
eral terms: good commissions. For partlcu- j
lars correspond with JACOB HEYMAN, 117
Lake st.
BE a manufacturer: start a money-making
business at home; manufacture and . sell
goods by mall and agents; book of 100 recipes
of fast selling articles, 25c. ROBERT Mc-
GEE, 1044 Stewart st., Kansas City, Kan.
AGENTS wanted now for Cram's great war
map and 16-page war atlas; samples of both
for $1; get in the field quickly; see circulars.
Geo. F. Cram, -552 Wabash ave., Chicago.
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. IMPERIAL MFG. CO., Dept. 54.
Parsons. Kansas.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start yuu In profitable mall order
business at home; pleasant work: .Immense
profits. Franklin-Howard Co.," Denver, Colo.
DROP everything; write to-day for unique, Irre- :
sis-- tilde plan for selling natural diamonds;
exclusive territory: permanent proposition.
CHAPMAN-TOWER CO., Onelda, N. Y.
OUR agents make from $100 to $500 per month.
If you are making less address WM. F.
RYDER, superintendent ot agencies, 72t>
Hayward building, San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-,
ment Company, Parrott building. • 1
MEN and ladles to represent us; no experience
necessary; easiest proposition; biggest prof-
Its; permanent positions guaranteed. 418 and
419 Caliaghan building.
MIXI'KT Skirt Holder; unusual inducements;
exclusive territory; terms; sample free.
Wheeler & Baldwin, Garden City Block, Chi-
cago.
MEN and women for city and country agents;
weekly talary, expenses or commission: steady
employment. 122S McAllister st.. 9-11 a. m.
WANTED— Boys and girls to write letters at
home. I. UECH, Elite and Buchanan sts.
$100 A WEEK playing slot machines. ED
WALTERS, box 61, West Allls, Wls.
WANTED — 1 or 2 good lady agents. Address
W. T. CARL. 17 Fourth St.. city. _^
NEW rapid seller for agents. Call Sunday, 84
South Park. HORLICK.
IIOAHDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wishes child to board; good home, sun-
ny yard. 217 Tehama st. ,
BUSINESS O1IAKCE8.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
. for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st.
A — $1200; -COFFEE saloon and bakery in choic-
est location; rent $80; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars K. G.
WILKE. 2li>y2 Kearny st.
A — $S50: CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton £ts. ; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 Vi Kearny St.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. 6. WILKE, 2«H Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not all cash required; a
good business. Call R. G. WILKE. , 26 ft
Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOON: estab. many years; 3 years'
leabe; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California fcts.; elegant fixtures: a good busi-
ness and a bargain; that's all. See R. Gi
W1LKET, 20". Kearny St.
A — $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE, 2tt^ Kearny st.
A— $.WC0; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE, 26»,i Kcarny st.
A— $12C0; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4 '4 barrels
per day; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2ti& Kearny 8t.
A— S-'tSO: THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by .'J theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place..
R. G. WILKE. 2«',i Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; dote to Market and Stockton tits.;
large stock; clears at -least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE, 2<iii Kearny st.
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 2«ij Kearny st. —
A— $1*200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. R.
tl. WILKE. 2U 1 .£ Kearny St.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 10 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $05; a
business where man > and wife can easll;
clear $:S00 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2«»i Kearny et.
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
I long lease, low rent. $25uo, part cash; corner
j taloon, on water front, $U0U. paying brewery
businees, JU.'jW, or tvlll sell part; paying
1 businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for eale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
A DELICACY and branch bakery; one of the
best prepositions in city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $000.
BKIRM, U Eddy Bt., room 72. *
BARBERS, attention — Fine downtown shop; 4
ctialrs: Al business; only $300; 10 others.
SKIRM, (J Eddy St., room 72.
WOULDN'T IT BE PLEASANT for you to
know where you could Invest from fifty dol-
lars toward and obtain a large monthly
dividend on the same without the slightest
risk of loss to your principal at any time
and free from any taint of speculation;
where you can have it on demand at any
time and where you can get the best and
highest class 'mercantile and bank refer-
ences as to the H-.ifety and solidity of the
concern you are ilnin? business with? A
guarantee that covers over 20 years' suc-
cessful business experience. Wouldn't you?
Or better still, wouldn't you like to have
your money Invested with such a concern?
Others have it and so can you. Only con-
servative and careful people solicited." Full
particulars 'ree by writing to W. II. LATI-
MER. 411 Walnut et.. Philadelphia, Ta.
HORSEMAN would like to meet gentleman
willing to play good Inside at
Oakland races. Address box 8, Golden
Gate, California.
FREE TO SPECULATORS— Our new book,
"Suggestions to Speculators," describing op-
tion trading and containing valuable infor-
mation regarding wheat. Osborn Grain Cc,
Minneapolis, Minn. , >
! $300 SECURES partnernhlp in first-class poul-
try and general produce market. Sec
MEALY, 307 Twelfth St., Oakland.
I .
! FIRST-CLASS restaurant for eale; fine loca-
' tlon; good business; compelled to leave city;
Fiench range; everything complete; $1000
cash- don't answer unless you mean business.
Address box 20C0, Call office, v. ■■
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbua, Ohio: a
monthly Journal of information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free tample or 10c for four months'
trial.
I WILL eell at a reasonable price my half-
- Interest in a lumber yard and planing mill
in a «;ood town not ;far from San Francisco;
have a good trade and business Is Increasing.
Address box 25S3. Call office.
A GROCERY in a first-class mining
town within a day's ride of this city; good
trade and I will sell as I " have other • and
larger Interests which command • my: atten-
tion. Box 2066, Call office.
I $300— PARTNER wanted In light, geniee! busi-
ness; must be able to devote entire time;
1 take full charge: to a suitable party this Is
I worth. investigating: experience not required.
■■ 25 Geary Bt.. room C. . ■. ■ . .
I AN exclusive manufacturing business for
sale, all or one-half Interest; patented in the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
I seller and big profits. Box 20G2, Call.
article to
nt made
lablr. in-
t article;
s*ss JU-
BP81SBSS CHAXCES— Contlniiea.
A— - STRANGERS, ATTENTION • • i
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening in San Francisco? If bo,
we can- offer you any -number requiring . an
. investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or, in fact, any -business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
• • . 1
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. wa can
furnish you with an active or silent partner |
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; w» \
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings. ,
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st. i
A— $100 REWARD
W ill be paid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who invested any
money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
'Capital stock. $50,000.
_027 Market St., rooms 321, 322, 323. 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a !
. high class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary: Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; .80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice: 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy terms.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures interest and of-
fice of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
aad investment company; $150 monthly as-
■ sured: highest references. • /
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business" estab. 3. years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
; THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 ehares of gold stock of the Norton Bay j
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure interest in es-
tablished office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary: simple accounts.' 1
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale, 4-chalr shop; centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take interest
in stable established 10 years; $100 monthly. I
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Marfeet st.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE,
Being also importers and distillers and estab-
lished In San Francisco thirty yeats, desire
an additional partner with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $2000 cash in the manu- .
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest Improved mantels.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— CANDY, CANDY. CANDY.
For sale; store and factory; wholesale and
retail: situated in the heart cf city and es-
tablished about 25 years; low rent; lorvg
lease; price $0000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. D27 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
Fore sale: a complete plant for the sale and
manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAGON
material; established 15 years; also work
and repair shep; sell at Invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st. !
A— COMMISSION BUSINESS
For sale; butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $5000 monthly; long
established; price $2000. - j
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone .Fclsom 1846.
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $775; CIGAR stand; Market St.. near Call
bldg.; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade; 2*4 years' lease; cheap rent.
Only with BROOKBANK, 917 Market st. '
A— $200; PARTNER In well-established office
business clearing $75 to $1CO mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opoortunlty seldom offered. Brookbank.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBAN'K.
A— $7C0: SALOON; old established; finely flt-
- ted Al location; cheap rent: 3 years' lease;
don't fall to see this. BROOKBANK.
A— $."525; C-ROOM corner flat on Larklh st. ;
good location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
A — $600; OYSTER and chop house; c6rner bus*>-
St.; dally recpts $30; cheap rent. Brookbank.
A FOR QUICK SALES A
TRY KREDO & CO 7fi5 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE AGENTS. .PHONE BLACK (j»72
A— J<500; LAUNDRY route, clears $150. month.
$."■0; paying restaurant business; choice lo-
cation.
-5300; cigar stand; transfer corner; $15 dally.
$50<K); hotel, Munihcl.it Co.; 3 acres realty.
$000; bakery, cstab. route KREDO & CO.
A— $750; SALOON: receipts $800 mo.; bargain;
fixtures worth ' $600. Kredo p. Co., 765 Mkt.
A — $S0O; SALOON; wholesale district: receipts
$15 dally; bargain. Kredo & Co., 765 Market.
PARTY with capital, to join advertiser in
extending established profitable wholesale
business ; silent or active: references given
and requlrtd. Box 2578*, Call.
$2500^ — HOTEL in country: bar receipts $15 per
clay; 35 rooms; best hotel In the town; clears
$200 every month. DECKER, 906 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS opening for any one with
$250; with or without services. Box 2084, Call.
Young bus. man will act as sec, accountant;
prlv. records kept: refs. ex. 80 Chronicle bdg.
$1500 CASH: good security; grand opportunity
to right party. Box 2094, Call office.
FOR sale — Cheap; salcon, lodging-house 26
rooms; account departure. 424 Pacific st.
BILLIARD-HALL and cigar stand for sale;
$*C0; must sell. ."0f> Fourth st.
A PHYSICIAN, who Is pharmacist, with $5CO.
can get small drug store with good practice
in Ean Francisco suburb. Box 2622, Call.
$500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; duties easily acquired; good profits.
Box 2C61. Call. ) '
FOR sale — Saloon. 3087 Sixteenth St.; on ac-
. count of sickness of proprietor; call be-
tween 10 and 11 a. m. only.
NEWSPAPER route; about 800 daily subscrib-
ers; also stationery store in fine growing lo-
cality. Inquire Call office.
WANTED — To lease; small hotel or salcon
. or as manager In club or hotel; 20 years*
experience; city or country. Box 2651, Call.
$100 — BRANCH bakery and coffee house; 4
living rooms and bath; rent $18. 1159%
• Oak St.. opposite car house. -".' •■■'.'-
STEADY man to assist in office; no experience
necessary; small capital required; $75 month-
•lT. Call Sunday, .209 Kearny st.. room 1.
DELICATESSEN store for sale in a good
. busincMi location in Western Addition. Box
2554. Call office. J*_ j
$600— GROCERY and bar : stocked: in good
location; rooms attached; rent cheap. Box
2541. Call office. ■ .
WANTF.D — $1000; security ample: principals
not agents; answer. Address box 2560. Call.
GROCERY, no bar; stock at invoice; business
gratis; no agents. Box 2545, Call.
FOR ' sale— Horseradish grinding: business and
delicatessen business. 2401 Vi Mission st.
FOR sale — Cigar stand; near Postofflce. Box
2556, Call office. .
WANTED — A candy store; state price and full
particulars. Box 2550, Call. -
WANTED — Good tenant for commodious store
and basement to be built on Fillmore st., nr.
. McAllister; neighborhood now good, growing
better; .will build to suit. Box 2672, Call.
LIVERY stable; clearing $300 per month; mutst
be. sold this week., PORT*; R, 466 Eighth st...
Oakland. \ • ,,
FOR sale— Saloon licenses. Box 2626, Call of-
flce. ■ . • - . - ; ■ ' - ■
WANTED — Laundry route with ■" horse and
. wagon for cash." Call 'at 3372 Mission st.
WANTED— To fcuy or rent bakery in city or
vicinity. Box 21C8, Call office. - . 1
ntSIXESS CHAKCES — Continued.
A. CAMERON & CO. . .... .".Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and. chop houses.... $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream' parlors $200 to> $2500
Barter shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands 7..V. $-*50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons .$300 to $10,u00
Restaurants .$350 to $20,000
Fruit a'nd vegetable stores. ....$300 to $100w
Drug stores '. $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores »25O to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $10M)
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 tont trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month ;• will In-
voice about $120u. CAMERON. 3 Eddy it.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts 575 to $100 day: will
bear investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. /3 Eddy st. ;
FOR. sale, or will trade for small ranch — fine
hardwaog and electrical supply store: rent
$40; wen located: clearing $300 per month: 4
living rooms; flrst-class proposition; will
stand strict Investigation: price $8000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
3D minutes' ride -from depot of best interior
city in State; less than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco: 20 acres land; 3C-room furn-
hctel. with barns, sheds, etc.: 3 years' lease;
can get longer: rental $500 per year; horses.
buggies. 2 coWs; bar well -equipped; billiard
table, i piano: raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay chickens, etc.: big. money to be made:
price $2250; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. _^
CARRIAGE and wagon manufacturing busi-
ness for sale in a large and prosperous Cal.
city; does a yearly trade of over $125,000;
has on hand at present time work worth
$7000; working to fullest capacity; modern I
' brick workshops, well stocked and fully
equipped with up-to-date machinery: excel-
lent house of f) rooms adjoining; established
1887. Owner having met with serious acci-
dent incapacitating him from further work
offers his business at the sacrifice price of
$22. COO. For further particulars apply
"Cow per." E. C. DAKE'S Advertising
Agency. Sen Francisco.
FOR sale — Hotel business and all furniture in
Palace Motel, Ukiah City; also hotel busi-
ness and all furniture in Arlington Hotel,
Uklah City; only 2 hotels now in operation
in Ukiah; sales are made In pursuance of
an order made by Superior Court, Mendocino
County. Any one desiring to purchase, ho-
tel property communicate with Effle Hung-
sttd. executrix, or McNAB & HIRSCH, at-
torneys, Uklah, Cal. Full particulars given
of all property and | terms of sale. ■
COMPLEXION" specialty business for sale; the
original formulas (nine) of the Anglo-Fran-
cats Toilet Co. of London and Paris, (the
premier specialists of Europe), together with
the exclusive rights for America or any in-
dividual State; preparations unequaled any-
where; profits immense; rare opportunity for
lady or. company. For particulars apply
"Medlque," care Watt & Copper-Thwalte,
bankers, Stockton. • Cal.
GRAND chance for individual or company de-
sirous of operating a medicated wine . or
patent medicine business; guaranteed form-
ulas of highly successful English and Ca- i
nadlan Company for sale; preparations of j
genuine merit, attractive in appearance and 1
fast sellers. For particulars apply "Dam-
iana," K. C. DAKE'S Advertising Agency,
San Francisco.
PARTNER with S1500 to Invest in half inter- !
est in patent automatic wheel brake (make j
the whole train stop In case a wheel goes
off the track): more than 100 times $1000
in value; also willing to sell whole: only j
moneyed people need Inquire. • Call on HUGO 1
NEUSSER. 2548 Jackson St., Sunday, 10 a. j
m. to 1 p. m. ; dally. 9 a. m. to 4. p. m. ' ,\
OUR plan for starting beginners in profitable ■
mail order business is very successful; some j
we started three months ago receive 100 let-
ters dally and are making big money; you
ran do as well; our new catalogue, Ju9t pub-
- lished. Is the best out: It's a sure money
brlnger: complete plan for stamp. CENTRAL
SUPPLY CO., Kansas City, Mo.
WANTED — Partner with capital who under-
stands soda p.nd ice-cream business, for a
long-established, first-ciass confectionery In
a large country town. Box 2101, Call office, j
faOOtv— HARDWARE and repair shop, with
- power; woHt for two men; can be. enlarged;
living rooms ;»small rent; centrally located;
city. Addre«s -box Ui20. Call office. •
PARTNER. wanted In established printing bus- j
Inrsa; experienced outside man preferred: |
$500 for half interest. Address box 11, 1008
Market st. ,
$18(X> YEARLY, salary paid monthly; wonder- j
fully curious mineral deposits; historical re-
port year 154K-. 50 assistants required. JOHN
M. WILEY, Engineer. Pa. hldg.. Phlla.. Pa.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation, J
mining or Industrial, wanted; have every fa- |
cillty for selling same on commission; give'
particulars. P. O. box 140-T N. Y. City. j
A DELICATESSEN store for sale; price $S50: ]
recelptK 5:iT» per day; rent $37 50; will stand j
rigid investigation. Address for particulars, {
box 2574. Call office.
LAUNDRY route, wagon, horse, etc., for sale.
Particulars apply box 2645, Call.
A GOOD grocery store for sale cheap: must
be sold this week. • P. C. LASSEN & CO-
4fi« Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal. ,
WELL-PAYING corner saloon; 14 furnished
room^: must be sold; reasonable. Inquire
6tB Mif«ion «t. I
FOlt sale — Good paying business; Colorado |
saloon. 647 Sacramento St.. near Kearny; open |
all night; flrst-class stand. j
LEGAL Directory (N. Y.). established 15 yrs.,
for sale; fine opportunity for energetic attor- :
ney. Bureau of Reg.. Madison, Wls. j
SMALL hair dressing parlor: fine stock of hair
goods; bargain. 1153 Market St.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house. (KKJV3 Post !
St.: trouble between partners; must be sold. |
"QUICK sale" to best offer; prettiest, oldest
notl'-n. ttc. store In city. Box 2125. Call. i
BLACKSMITH shop in Berkeley for sale;
$150; easy payments. Address S56A Natomo. |
PARTY with, canltal as partner in paying
Jobbing concern. Box 2105. Calt office.
BARBER shop for sale. Apply 1SS5 Mission
street. .
FOR sale — $750; grocery and bar; sickness
cause. 3CS Eleventh st.
SHOPROOM, 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Uroderlck , st., between Geary and O'Farreil.
LODUI.NG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
.20 rooms; mechanics' lease; rent $40..... $575
VO rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low prlce.$"50
34 rooms: rent 560; just think....; ?1550
"". rooms; rent $35; o ne floor $1100
6 rooms: rent $20; a pick-up ...,<i:;o
20 rooms; clears $S0; rent $40 $S50
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60. ..$1000
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $C1: terms. . .$950 ;
31 rooms; sunny corner; rpnt $55 $1MX)
00 rooms; Market st. ; liquor license. ...$3500
12 rooms; California st. ; rent $50; snap.$750
10 rooms; Geary st.; clears $40; rent $2S.$50O
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 60; only. .$450
18 rooms; 0 unfurnished; rent $45 $425
35 rooms; transient; lease ... .+. ...'.... .$1500
8 "rooms; Post st.; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk st.; ■ partially furnished. .$450
WESTERN REALTY CO Tel. South 104S
1C07V-J Market st. near Sixth
Try us
And we will prove we have
The flat or lodglns-house you want
List your hotels and lodging-houses with
Western Realty Co. and get quick * returns.
0 rooms: clears $32 monthly; sacrifice. .$375
S rooms; bath; all new furniture $500
17 rooms; near Market; bargain for $S5«)
18 rooms; new carpets and furniture... $800
4 rooms; flat; rent $15; bargain $100
1 Those are only a few of the many we have
booked: call and get a free list. The West-
' ern Realty Co.. • .. •
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 MARKET ST. 1026 MARKET ST.
18 rooms; rent $«5; well furnished $675-,
24 rooms; rent $45; north of Market.... $425
28 rooms; rent $00: Howard' st $1300
30 rooms: rent $C0: best of furniture. ..$1800
«0 rooms: rent $250; near Sutter .....$5500
9s rooms; rent $4 50 room; .new. mod..$il500
115 rooms; cheap rent; elegant apart... $5500
Telephone Jessie 2211.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Mafket Bt.
A— $3250: LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms:
clearing $250' per month: lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts.; all sunny rooms;
lurniturc first-class: not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $050; LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$1CO; located close to Market and Stockton;
good furniture and first-class paying. "R, G.
-WILKE; 20V& Kearny at. ,
$800 WILL buy a nice lodging-house, 16 rooms.
UO3% Washington St.. : Oakland, if. sold be-
fore March; speculators, don't miss thls.V .
00iROOM|lodglng-house; modern; central; bar-
- gain for right party. Box 2003, Call.
tonGIXn HOUSES FOR SALEI-Coii.
A." CAMEROX & CO." Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and.
all kinds of business chances.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment housj In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
. ing. $400 per month; 5- year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent x>er year.
IS rooms; rent $S3: well furnished: all new;
$•100 down, balance Hi per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room:. new and
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights;. Ions lease; clears $40O to. $500 per
month; one of the best buys In the. city.
S-room UDt>er flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; *r rice $"50.
126 rooms: fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to $40 per. day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered: clearing
j $80 month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
T-room, new. modem flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture:
fine beds; furnished new In June; first-class
, transient; clears $175; sickness.
—
7- room flat; rent $40; oalc furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing $600 per month: every 'room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location, un-
surpassed.
19 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment bouse: .reduced to $1100.
60 rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $25O per month;
will only take $700 to get la; must leave city;
price $2000.
106 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class. up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: cak
furniture: Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms: cheao rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms: rent -only $75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture: good carpets; clears $00; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel,
south cf Market; fine bar. well stocked: brick
building; electric lights; everything good con- '
dition; part cash, balance time: price $2500:
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
0-room, new, modern flat; "4 months: ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1SOO; a bargain;
sickness.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
950: barn, with fine yard; half cash; balance
time. ■ -. •
22O rorrr.s: new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished;- 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $C0O per month; obliged to leave
city.
)
30 rooms: rent $95: fine location: all nn 2
floors; 3 years' lease: clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rocms: chraD rent: fine downtown tran-
slert house; can clear $150. pet- month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
j 5 rooms: Geary: rent $20;- fine little home; 3
1 rooms rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms: rent only $136: first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, birdscye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carr>ets; clears $95: price
$1800; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
20 rooms: rent $85: lease: newly renovated
! and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $15C0.
71 room*: elegant, new, modern building; in
ione of t^ebest citlen of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
i up-to-date; 9-year leas:; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $3o0 per month; owner sick abed.
; 63 rooms: Market St.: rent only $300;. fine
1 transient house; very central: liquor license; I
can clear $25O to $150 per month; must be sold
. within ten days-io settle estate; only $70O cash
to zet in. balance time; big enap.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year less*; running water: new
! building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2S0O.
J 5ft ronms; rent only $150; close in; thorough-
I ly renovated: put in first-class condition; can
I ljo. run transient If desired: clears now $185
! per mo.; sart cash, bal. time; good money-
maker.
31 rooms: rent $110: all light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
i 127 rooms: rent $4 per room: new and mod-
I mi buiidlns: fi years' lease: can have 125
more roorrs hutlt adjoining; all men; always
full:. clears $3C0 to $400 per month; fine prop-
osition.
50 rooms: new; modern apartment house: 10-
! year lease: cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300.
! very central ; first-class proposition.
i ■_■■ —— i-
1 ,
! FOR sale — Rooming house, 9 rooms; neatly
! furnished, clean; reasonable; going away.
; 305 Golden Gate ave..
j $050— NICELY furnished transient house; 10
I rooms; clears $C5. Call at 116 Eddy st.; no
■ agerts.
I FOR sale — lG-room houst; excellent location:
i will be sold very cheap; a speculation. Box
j 21OO. Call office.
• 54 -ROOM corner nous?: Sixth, near Market:
I house always full; must sell. Box 2116. Call.
FURNISHED house. S rooms and bath; must
j se'l: party leaving city. 511 Leavenworth st.
A* BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open unttl 11 r>. rn.
LODGING-HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — A good lodging house, one that
will bear investigation. Add, box 126. Call.
I CARPET nKATI.VG AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, wlfhout removal: price moderate.
8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for- SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. S55-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
1 ■
I HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
! tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 218.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170-1 Harlson st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
•TO Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 26.
cor.i.i;cTioar omens.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; teL 55S8.
_j -
DR. MURPHY. 504-5^0 'CaUa[c^an1blds^iTarket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der: the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration calt at office.
DR. LUDX.UM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No. charge tor extracting when plates ar»
.made; old plates mad* over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 6Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate— Tne Whalebone— cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full let: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r 14 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farreil.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 CO up; crowns. $2 up; fllUngs. 25c.
GOLD fillings, 76c; .liver. 85c: crowns. »2; no
pain;open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt» 204 Sutter.
MCDOWELL DRESSMAKING '
AND MILLINERY SCHOOU
Special -course in- ladles' tailoring. -
Best course In millinery gt ven £„ the coast
Patterns cut to measure; linings fitted.
1010 Market st.. above Sixth.
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting- doub'a
stamps en dress lining*. StewaVt's- button ud
buttonhole factory. UP Taylor; teL Folsom 2ml
M p^n. L t,?? Wm * klnit * M »"««ry School-I
1 atterns cut to measure; eve class 1013 Mkt.
I,OPCIXO nOCSES FOR SAte—Co?'
•
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C Hearst bldz.. over Examiner entrancs.
Mclern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black UW7. or take elevator to 4th noor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
1 IC-room apartment-house; 5 blocks north of
Market st.: almost no work for landlady
clears a little over 550 month; now JS5V.
was $1250.
Would you pay J2C0O down and run a transient
house for $500 monthly profit?
14 rooms near Fim Congregational Church:
rent $45: straight rooming-house: clears
$47 75 per month: oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes the sale.
5<J-room apartment-house, nicely located on a
corner near Van Ness ave.; full of nice peo-
ple; thoroughly respectable and reliable.
60 rcoms. well and favorably known: owners
will grant free access to their account books
and prove that the clear profit is $-!C0 month:
elevator, electric lights; modern all through.
REMEMBER— First, that wa can sail you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 » month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay $50O down. tor. we will lena
you the balance, payable lr#monthly install-
ments. .' •■ \^
S2-room, respectable, corner bay-window house:
clears $541 a month; long lease; low rent:
If looking for a respectable money .maker »
gcod invtsCsent.
LITTLE payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; NE. corner: 5 blocks north of Market:
price $10CO; better see It before buying else-
where. '_
See this item; comer apartment-hcuse of
150 rooms elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing *5J4 monthly: inexpensively
operated compared, with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent; clears 40 pen. cent
per annum on purchase price.
50-room house: perfectly appointed: very een-
trally located; elegantly furnished last April
in the best furniture and carpets obtainable;
electricity for elevator and lights; hot .water
ia each room; leaso for 9 years; Income $430
over rent: all large single rooms and roomerj
all business men.
Brand'new house 4 blocks north of Market: SO
large desirable rooms: low rent: 3-year
lease- most artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
BEAUTIFUL furniture: 10 rooms; clean and
fine; absolutely worth ." times the amount
we are asking you. but on account of im-
mediate departure will give it for $300.
115 rooms $«500; rent S3T.0: income $300 per
month; lease if desired: LOOK at the rent—
remarkr.bly low; NOTE the income.
NEW house. 20 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
$t>0; only men roomers: price $1500; all cash.
23 rooms on Sutter st. : rent $75: well fur-
nished: all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month.
Spot cash ($425) before February 27 takes a
IB-room house north of Market: new butM-
Ing; rent $45; 1W rooms newly aftd elegantly
furnl«hed: U rented unfurnished; 4 big bay
windows.
$275 per month Income <wer rent: LARGS
bouse on Market; price $3500; half cash and
small monthly Installments; furnishings in
gcod order; its O. K. for any one with $1750
in bank.
! 10 rooms; MARK what we claim: good build-
ing. ne« Axmlnater and velvet carpets, beau-
tiful birdseye maple, oak 'and mahogany
furniture, bought new "last August: lease;
$100 per month put into bank; nicely located;
5 block* north of Market st.
22 rooms: income, $117 over rent: new and nice;
full of refined, permanent roomers; beauti-
fully furnished with hair mattresses, oak.
mahogany, and heavy Dru33Cls carpets; a
SWELL PROPOSITION.
VAN NESS and Geary is a good location: 10
rooms well furnished: yields good living for
5 people; fcr sale at a BARGAIN on EASY
XERMS.
32 rooms. $2C0O: clears $150 month: lease for
3 years: transient and permanent: sunny
side of street: good business for two people.
EDCCATIOXAI^
i«IGHT ANlT^AY SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; Instruction from the flftti
grade to preparation for the university; day
Mchool of Interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty: personal attention given;
thirty Instructors; private coaching: night
law school: Instructors from University ot
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial classes: men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, bolt-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
- other privileges of the association tf desired;
International certificates gtven to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
V inatiens; young men. strangers coming to th«
city, directed tc good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates ot our
(chool;'the beneficial influence of a great
moral institution: our work is indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges in th«
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less, instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money,
but "to make men": especially advantageous
te young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys. H. J. Me
COY. General Secretary. San Francisco. Ad-
dress ail communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH, Educational Director.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar.
ket St.; established IS years; life scholarship.
$30; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured:
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gersoa
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio. principal: exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind in the West: send
(or catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mascn.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation Concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want S00. students; come and
Join the great school of the West; 75- pas*
catalogue. 901-025 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical college*;
ref. # President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Plr.e and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night' sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
thorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Bustnes-s
Collesre. 1236 Market at.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College or»
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
•WESTP:RN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. ;
. bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, aruh..
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines 4 Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. ISM. Vaa
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Ha'.l.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day eves.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing tatxsht.
PIANO teacher — Mrs.M.G.Durrette: Ger.method
thor. tausht. 328 Ellis st. : hours. 10-12. 2-4.
j GUITAR, mandolin and piano.: $.1 per mo.;
i mandolin club $1 per mo. 82S Hatght st.
' PIANO lessons given by competent pianist and
j experienced teacher. Box 212n. ; Call office.
KENT Law School: always open p conducted by
practical lawyers. 536 Parrott building.
1 ~~~^~~ ~~ ~~ "~~^~~~~~ ~~ ~~ *
j PIANO lessons" thoroughly taught, 25c per
j hour. Cox 2107. Call office.
1 $75 TUITION of a leading business college $:>O.
j Box C540. Call.
I ESPANOL — Metodn practlco y progreslvo.
I Rafael Serrano. 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
1 BANJO, mandolin and gtoltar thoroughly
j taught: orchestra practice. 463 jeary st.
1 ■ — 1
I LADIES wlshiss to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post at., room 37.
I rCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pin* st— .Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A WEEK'S news foe 3 cntt- The Weekly Call.
__lW_pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per T«*r.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 ROOMS: 8 Wolfe st: rent fVzT^y^^*
tWolfe-st.: Folsom-st. cars. _
. ' CT7BE3 BUJJTURE. __*
I WHO?— Hunter. 120C Market st.' $100: ruptur*
! cure for $10; circular explains; send for o"» :
*_ IXVESTMEXTS.
j BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
I All dividend-paying securities for sala.
CERMANLV INVEST CO.. 027 Market <.SFIRITIALISM.
MRS. uu MARTIN. wondsrfui"sr-lrl'tuai heal*-
«r snd buslneck niviium; mining a *pecialty;
ttdvtca 1 cuarantee* on oil bu»ne»s |iroposi-
1 .?■* t0 !l * * uc^ ! »ful- My wonderful magnet
•vtll .:.-!»• le-ccnctliatlcn and lavtins peace
v.uh lh« one- you k>\-: tvadlnes by matl most
►CUsiuctury. r.'; readinit* dally. Jfl ; de-velep- I
*_-'._._!*'_ ' l »«m>day . n i>. m. &»r2 Eddy st. !
MRS. lr?TKR. »» Turk *.; life r»8d«r. bu»»- !
'***** tgcsjjjum; t»adla»a 4aUjr; clr.Tues & Frl.
" C L n y Al:I) EAItLE. !'i;.2* Ell!*. readlngTdaMy! J
*_: M u ' <: ►e«:ic»t> -Sunday and Thursday.
I'R<'K. KHEl) EVA».s7^J^cd clairvoyant ar.d I
_ fc J st »-»rlt'r. 1112 Udfly st. Phone fccoU S37. I
C- V. MILLERS Wavhinst.nis h'.rtl.day seance
'•'■-niKhi.> o'.lx-k. fl. 10«-4 I'.ush st. !
A MATEKIAL1ZINO f»-aiice. run<iay tve. U28
H.:» at.; :<c: ei'dotk. j
€X Allti OVA.VTS.
.- -;».; - - ■'. ■-- "
A CHEAT CUT in PK1CES.
' Call «i onc« and save (i.
Hit foin-fr $5 r^adin*.-* t!ii* wetk for I
**■• *1. «l. $1. «L U- *1. *L Si. $L I
• NO CHARGE NU CHA1WK
I nlttfc >^u obtain the Information lor which '■
You consult him. - .
«You to U tuil Judite.)\. ;
PAUL DESTINE.
*h«r tint regikiei^a tunte clairvoyant and
Palmist t-vrr In £*n Francisco.
Read carerully. An h_aect|(a— petition ;
• I Ov her»by sole-mn'y agree and guarantee i
'•• make no charge it 1 rail lo t*ll your nanie, j
occujiatlon and what >ou called fer; I prom- |
«e to te.ll you If husband. \\U<» or sweeihenrt !
ik inie or false; tell whom anJ-when ycu
.•will |mv, ir, iact I will tell evtry ho;^-. ■
; l«*r ambition lirtte-r than you can tell ;
v<mr*#t/: i restore lo^l affections, re-ut-.lte the !
«-parated. cause happy marriagtr. make yuu I
ttirctagful In life, cute dise-ase and lost vital- •
• Uy. develop mediums, give advke on mine* j
and buried treasures and Insure you succtsu i
of charge nothing tor tny services; 10 a. m. j
• to 8 p. n.: Sundays. 2 to G. : ;
'. :iX— O'Farr»lI »t.— 320. i
THU CREEK LADY. i
CASHMIRE, CASHMIRE. '
Wonderful clairvoyant from birth.
High-caste adept, :
. ' . Trtnce, Clairvoyant and Palmist.
Shs has- given- her study and practice ex-
clurtvely to m>ftic arts.
Teache-s the dancer of spiritism, obsession,
xu-rsre and •vil pniritk by ancient ntethods;
Bow to develop jour latent powers and use t
>ne creat silent current by which we are sur- ,
'rounded, which gives you power to cdhtrol j
others and cure diseases, and draw to your- J
**lf rood influences which bring to you suc-"i
•*«*; dmnkaidK e-ured without their knowl- j
.e<i£e; mediums develtn^d by this me-thod. |
.- Differetit trom a'.l others. «
.. The *«rth reveals Its hidden tr>>SEUres to !
h«-r:.tlie 1. -nt.-j mines, minerals. lost or' ab- |
vrnt • friend*, reunites the separated, caust-s i
tj>e*dy marriaj-es. tell« your name and whom '
J 1 " "III marry; reliable advice on all busl- !
.ress afTairs; do not buy or sMI without first '■
e-oniultin* thia wenderful medium. I
Gives -.-- -ret jKjwer to control any one In •
from S to 21 days.
Ufe reading %l this week.
• 310 Kills »t.. near Taylor. , j
A A— FREE test; future foretold. The young I
• V.t ia:r..- de Lanarre. Just arrived from ,
KfJ'Pt; tell? ten wa>s; tells letter In lady cr i
, geut'e hand who the future husband or wife j
. will be; I use no ycncil or j>aper; any one |
claiming to cive- full name of caller "s dor.e |
l'> trick and Is fraud: I bring back husband ;
or lover in so many day.*"; break rvll lnflu- j
e-ucc; hiv.- great Egyiklan breastiilat* I
charm; cause si*>edy mairiaees and gocd j
tuck: alto 20 questions by tnall; tend date of ;
b'.rth, lock hair, £1; also elves advice on j
fiocks, cram, rac*. lo?ate*. advice on |
mine*, here cr in Klondike: cure nnoui- i
. nets, aflhma. catarrh, rheumatism, stomach j
trouble: rood luck free to each customer; ]
»nv r>ne in irocfaJc call at once.
MADAMK DK LABARGE, parlor room 10, ;
i:i)ttHirs. r.rrt fiiicr frca.t: offlce hours H» a. ,
° in. t'> S> p. nj.; op*n every day and Sunday. I
1141 Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth, !
t"an Francisco, Cal. .
I remaki >-hort time only. Cut this out. as )
:t w.:i nut i.;; t ai every day.
YOUR ejPPORTUNlTT.
Kno»ici the sincere dpi-lre of many people \
to .o.ir.e in touch with an educated, refined
1 s-vchic. tinc*r«, earnet-t and holding as racreU
l.er- priceless citt of mediumrhlp, UBB. ,
LORXA COBLX—S offers this unusual oppor- ■
ttnlty to you: For # short'time she will rive '
t*yctiog— Irtc :rudings of letter*, foretelling |
<-\<nts, rt>-. ,\s this work constitutes a tax
-„ .-. the energies o^ the true j.sythic. >-;.i
cannot ar»we-r more than 1« questions for $1.
All letters addressed to Mrs. Corliss ■ are
»-«.prcd!; :>rtiate end are r*ad and answered \
I >■ fcir alone. t:be will also give personal .
K-adir.rs tcr the fee cf $2 at her offlce.
Addre-f* $J.RS. LORNA CORLISS.
.. J(*i7 La tkin ct., room 37 (3d floor).
San Krancisoo, Cal.
#L_E. ~M. ECRXARfX .. THE KAMOUS ''
. . LJatncysnt and buslneaa medium, pvrrnii- j
neatly located at 17 .Third *t.. next Examiner
li<ig : the reads your life correctly, gives an ,
accurate description of the paBt, reveals the
pretest ! .u-.-i tr.:r.».-b and pen trays events to
Vccur in lt>~ future: if you are In trouble.
jtfaeontCBtcd. or not satisfied with life, or J
• have do— te^tlc. love cr business troubles, con- I
tutt thin rrrat tr«)!um and yon will be toij '
h«w to o\ir.<ime th«*m; valuable advice in ;
•all affair* of Il.'e; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
reading* by mail. Tel. Black 4W9. ;
khlm!~thiT mystic!
Is zojoumir-g at ■'::>' Pc!k tt., city (mites 3 :
and 4i. «here he r'ves — _n'clous life read- '
tnr« by indent Kryptlan occult knowledge. ;
r transmitted to chosen initiates thrte rucces- •
• *<v» ar' - from earliest antlquitv: this knowl- J
+Ag* covetrs. in the readings, every condition
- cf l:umsin affair*, and gives for one dollar
■unexcelled enlightenment regarding present ,
and futute. ;
IPMAlt. the Egyptian gyp*>'. clairvoyant and j
• V'tlrnist. pfrmanently legated at 11<>4 Market
•►•t., err. Turk; private readings dally, lo a. |
ru. ••• & p. m.: rc-adlnics by mill as satlsfac-
J lory ms in person; U ejuestiens answered. SI:
full life. f."i; send lock cf hair, date of year '
'■f birth: don't «rnd currency; *end postolflce, J
••Wtllti-Fareti money urtler or registered letter, j
MIES M. WILLK. 4C0 Oary *t.. grand medium I
add crystal- ee«r.' can toe connilte-d on ell af- ;
fairs cf life; tan tell you what you call for; •
'It yeru ar*> in trouble, discontented, unhappy. :
lAe. imrriafe. l>usine»s trouble, com* and '
•«~<-.T.*ult Urta cran-J m»-<Jlum: eattsfactlcn to I
aJI; read »1 : hmjn 10-8 p. m. Tel. Gr^en U9. !
MRSr E. M. PANDERS— Advice given on all j
kipds r,t i-.tr.rf-. teach»r of mental surges- :
"•tKin and the new thought. 1009 Sutter st.
I*h©n« 25C8 Polk. Evenlnrs and £ur.days by !
*PXK->Intmenta. i
THK on!y crirlnal Rnrnan Gypsies In the city: '
. ;*•-•■.••». clslno>ants, card readers, trance |
'■•'.:••-. we have given tradings to 10,000 .
terete in Fan Francisco elnce our arrival: j
they are vatlnfled. n will you b«. 2S3 Geary. !
MIt? ZEMDAR. younr. rlftei' clair. _ palm.; !
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic j
trouble. l>u». and financial success: names; j
T.'.-U'ir: G.. SI. 714 Franklin, nr. G. O. ave.
M^E. E A VENN* A reads lire; bu«ln»fa advice: I
r.ftow-s t' v * n : 20c up. Office hours. 10 a. m. to .
,B p ni.. r. #th *t.: 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at rcsl-
<1ente. SGTi Howard *t. : Sundays at residence.
ilKk~A H~OriN'ENnr:RG. palmist, clalr- .
.Vijar.t. card r*»d»-r; when others fail try me: j
piod readings lot. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
*?IJ;S? M. WILLE, cr>'»tal MMT. life reader;
«■*",' ' '-' askinc a question reads your entire
rv*;'»r»ci»l. >1 this week only. 480 Geary.
_il51> C»LJENTA. clalr.. card reader: la. 25c:
{.<■■.".- if)c: hnurt, 10 a. m. to .*. p. m. 3
; Wwyre Terrace. *
iX^.f-' W;ARl>. f ft r a fe-w day*, 917 Market, rms.
: fl-»>, 'gives date*, names, farts: hours 1 1-9.
Mjri_\WA_.TrcRft. treat e-urd reader; la. 25c;
• 1 • ltu '- a "-' Mi^fcion »t.. nr. «»th: open Eun. j
MM'; ilAHSKAi: <-r»d reader: ladies 25c; \
.Cf*rit* TOc: hcur» 1 to 0. 120 6th wl.. room 15.
<tj TjKST. »ady p»lmli.t and card reader in city.
21!^ K<-rny. rr. m 2H; ladlet. CT<c: rents 50c.
M.»T>AM FERN. r »rd reader of 10!l Fifth *t..
uVm'ove.1 ,<n US Nlnt^ st.
MRS. HAl'MANN'. the well-known fortune-
" ttller Ik nr.w at .117 Ellis rt.
Mftsr"~ROn'N. rlal—i—j-ant. <-ard reader, re-
. !wK fir.m 132 Oth tftjqtj f.th: l».25c: c- f»Oe
MT?^ FlTTrER. clairvoyant, eard reader: slt-
itrj* <«ai!y. 448 V» JrwJe »t.. bet. Kth and 6th.
*• '. JIMPIXJVMEVr. OFFICES..
CKT your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MFNT OFFICE and Houaecleanint; Co. 1333
•ire! nr Jap. M. E. Church; phone PuiK 3668.
ohpKGE~AbKI. 421 Pert *t.: tel. Bush 125—
Jatanee«-C«r:lTies« eroplorment • of fice; fur-
.ri.'shes be»t oelp: contracts for farm help, etc
A-^ORPHeUm Employment Office— Jspanese-
e;hine»e help. *?*> I'owell rt. Tel. Main b*~i.
rriXZ'i Emp. Office: Japanese and ChlneMJ
.»Vl». J15 Stockton. Tel. Crant 168. Q
UrMJACLE JapaneM-Chinese Employment Of-
•ftce: all kind* help. SIS Stockton : Main 5183.
Ciil*BsE «nd"jap»ne«e help: *«tab. 20 y'ars.
Tel M»ln U<97. BRADLEY tc CO.. ««0 Oar-
l^MTI-OVMISXT WANTED— PEMALB.
J^DFITION by rompe-tcnt ethnographer and
ar*l*tant beckkeeper; good penman: wlary
rnocJerate to «wr»re- permanent position; ref-
er»nccc. Uox 2KO. Call.
* » -^— — -
1"VPKRIFNCEI> dressmaker, recently from
'iMarHvi!! KieJds. Chicago, wishes position
t* fitte-r or *»»y enKaKemente; city referenct.
>ddrt» U. 1*. S02 Valencia it.
t-A^I'l-OV^KAT \V.iATt:n--KKiMAI.K, |
A FIRST-CLAfcS German took for h->te!. bm
oi reitiencr*; nr£i-t.ii:>s snort orJir cauk.
Ccn be tern at J. t. CROc_ri' _ CO. d, .
&H SUUtr «t.
SITUATION by a recommended maid at:d
»sui!iiit>; .city or country '.can be ee«.n
at J. K. t ->:i.)8i/ri ti CO.'fc. Sit Sutler st_
FlP-ST-CLAJ-is laundress wishes »:tuat.<Jii; city
PMcnuct*. Apply lo J. K. CROriEiT &
LO.. :;J4 Suiter st.
PAJVriFK with fln.it reiercnics will take j
clijirge of h.< me- :ur owners going abroad tor
Ei-voal mfliaths. <ur a permanent position of •
that kind; have no children: or will manage
lor widower's or bacbeKir's home, either i
town or country. Box 211n. Call otflce. i
FIP.ET-CLAES Ficncii cock wants a position J
in ' club or institution or first-clase private;
lamily: siicake good Engiiah; be-st refere-ncrs. '
Cali or liddreus MME. D. TH1EHAUD. New j
Vie-item Hotel. ■ !
PROFESSIONAL French cook by day or week; I
gOi<i housekeeper and maikeu-r; lull charge
■f ljanin- an/ receptions; also cooking le-s- !
fc'^ns ci\«n Bex 2tt>0, Call. j
Pt'SlTlON as.^housekeeper by elderly woman;
neat and reliable; like-s children; good plain I
• i oiik an.! laundress; has references; $10 li]
$15 month. liox -'US. Call. j
- i
A KEF1XKI1 .wi>U)?.ti. with best- reference*, j
wishes more engagements to help «it dinners |
or partiej-. call or address 1725» Church tt., |
near Thirtieth'. ., j
AN exuerienced n*Jr*e wishes engagements. .
Eurgli-al or c«nflnenient»; reference; reason- j
able-, eccnvmLfal. Call or addrtss MRS. '
MERRlTf, 1?7 Seventh tt. ,
I^R—SSMAKER and tailoring; evening gowns!
cut and- fltu-ei; • emly flrst-vlass. work done-; -
ft-w more engagements per day. E. C. ! i
BARSS, thel?rR'inian HoOfce, 28 Eighth »t.
A YOL'.NG re>fine-d Eastern woman would like j
to take charge of home for small lamily: no j
objection to country; references. Uox 2115, !
Cal! office. |
A YOUNG refined Eastern woman would like !
to take charge of one .ir two children; no ;
olje-tlon to country or traveling; references ;
Kiven. Hok 21«7. Call office.
AN Eastern woman would like position as j
v-omranlon to elderly lady; nu objection to
riuntry or traveling; references. Box 22:15,
Call office. j
RESPECTABLE woman; is a pood cook and j
laundret*: In private American family; will 1
Kive good references; mi^eiate wages. 7U4 I
Folsom st. . . j
A COMPETENT, reliable, young woman J<.-'.
sire* housework; e-ity or county; In ' a rood '
family; small waces. Box-2tic«. Cat! oiflce. j
FIRST-CLASS German and Enjl!*h cook wants :
a position in first -class hoicl, city or country. I
MISS KLEMMING. New Western -Hotel. |
AMBITIOUS, bright schoolgirl wishes position I
as office assistant; will accept small salary .
for experience. J. W., t>45 llyde st. ;
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a position as i
hou«ek*e]<er; no children: wages frc-m ¥20 io ]
*25. Box 2.V17. Call. » j
A GOOD, honest, young woman wishes any j
kind of work by the day or afternoon; can |
tend store. Address MRS. C. H., S98*SStb st. ,
REFINED young lady (colored) would like jkj- |
sltlo.i as housekeeper; allow -plenty time lor I
at«w?r. UCX CtOT, Cal! offlce. j
RELIABLE woman' with girl 4 years tvlsbea |
work with her child, citv or countrv; flu to '
$12. Box 207«, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED lady nurse wishes situation to
care for invalid by month; price reasonable. ;
Box 2?2B. Call. i
WANTED^lVsltion to do cocklne and general >
booaewcrk; *mall family; wasos ?25. Ad- ..
dre»s box 2073. Call otnee^.
RKSPKCTAIiLE lady wichrs housekepere po- !
sllion; neat; good cook; no objection to j
couatry. Aadre*s b^jx 2072, .Call office.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of I
bo<ikk<ei-in*:. d»slres a position as offlce as- j
cistant. B<jx 2«i74. Call office. . j
A PAST middle-accJ lady desires position as !
hcus«?ketrer or companion: wages. ?15 a ]
month. Box rTOS; ' Call. '
Pnt-T-CLA_8 dressmak'.r wishes engasemenis !
by the day; out and- fit guaranteed. 73W I
Octavla st.
WOMAN wants work by the half-day: 75c '
jwr half-day. MKS. SIEBOL1). iw Rltch .
St.. in rear.
A YOUNG woman with references wants house- •
i cleaning by. the day; H 50 and carfare. 700 |
McAllister gt.; bastnient. . .■ • . •
WO9IAK wlslse.* fine laundry to d>> at home; j
work guaranteed. Address . -Laundress. Call ;■
.Ixx, ?**, Ha:-ce St. ■ ■ , _ . -,
SITUATION wanted as -child's nurrt; refer- j
ences. Address 13* Duncan £t. - |
WOMAN wishes work on Fridays; sweeping or >
.cleanlnr. 44S Sixth st. i
GOOD 'coo!: wishes situation In city: will do ,
h.mstwork in sniall family. 1C2 South Park. ;
WOMAN' would' like plain washing. *l 50 per j
' day and car fare. MRS. C. 117 Milton et. ;
LADY wants washing by day. i»22 Perry »t. !
AMERICAN weman wishes any kind of work i
.by the day; references. 2'1«£ Sixth st. ;
A YOUNG girl wants to take care of children j
and do upt-ta'rs work. Call a»43 26th st. ;
WOMAN wants r*rrr.antnt places for Thurs- j
day and Friday. Phone Red 4iUl. ;
A PICflT-CLA—9 laundreis wants work by the ;
day, $t 75 a day. Box 2117., Call offlce,
A WOMAN wants' work' by the day: washing
and Ironing: $1 SO a day. liox 2_>4, Call, -j
RELIABLE woman wishes laundry work by j
th« day; $2. Apj>b' 2*»ft Mission st.-. '•
POSITION wanted as itenographer; $50. Ad- I
dress 19SSU Mission- st.- , .
SITUATION wanted by Protestant » woman, 1
private family; gocd ce>ok. Call 515 Gough. \
WOMAN wishes washing and house* Cleaning j
by the day or month. 31<i Linden ave.' I
SITUATION wanted by lady as bookkeeper or |
cashier; S years' experience In market and ■
grocery; flrst-cla*s reference: reasonable eal- .
ary expected. Pox 2640. Call office. j
AS demonstrator by lady who has had 8 years' j
experience selling groceries; will sell any line '
. of goods; good references. Box 204S, Call.
COMPETENT mlddle-ared colored woman J ,
■ wr.uld like a situation as child's nurse. 274U .
Greenwood et. . . , i
X PLACE wanted by capable woman to do .
housework in a small lamily In city. 445 i
First tt. _/ I
WANTED— Situation to do light housework and j
care for children; good references. Address i
bcx 2V27, Call offlce. jg ■ . ■ |
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position. Box 2C*JL Call.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent ant} re-
liable- desires position as stenographer and
bookkeeper; Oakland or Kan Francisco. . Box
2(iC0, Call offlce. '
A PAST middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion: wages, $15 a
month. Box 2708. Call offlce. ■
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing or sweeping: SI 50 a day
and carfare. Box 2640. Call offlce.
A GERMAN lady would like a position as gov-
erness. Phone John 2K»1 or address ' 378
Twentieth St.. Oakland. - -
WANTED — By a reliable colored woman, situ-
ation to do chamber work;, wages W0 per
month. Addre*s 1658 Seventh at.. Oakland. .
JAPANESE grlrl wants poeltlnn to do cooking
and housework In city. 1103 Pierce St.; tel.
Scott 17S3. *
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and mibscrlotlons taken for The
Call at Estop'* Bazaar. G-Tt McAllister st.
UMFLO VMISST' WASTED— -MALE.
A YOUNG married man of Colorado must cyme
to California fo>- his wife's health; can keep
books sell or collect.' but will do anything;
b*>st references. J. L. ROSEFIELD. 2010
Routt St.. Pueblo, Colo.' '■ -■ ■
A WELL educated, and refined young man. In
business, would like to make the acquaint-
ance of « youji' lady with 'some means: ob-
jr-ct. matrimony: Box 2070. Call. ' '
A SWEDISH man and wife: private place or
ranch: references.. Apply to MR^. NORTON,
Swedish and German .Employment Bureau,
31-1 Butter et.
YOUNG man would like position In draughting
offlce or architect'* offlce; very neat tracer:
ago 19: excellent refe— -nces. Address box .
1CJ2. Call. * -.'•'■
EXPERT designer ' desires ■ position with — a
wnolen tnlll or wholesale clothing houee-.
Klrst-clafs references. Woolens, box 2<32S,
Call office^ .'■ ■ .
MAN~ " o»«'.d like to have work on private
place 4 horses, . rows, lawn or garden; wages
f rom ?3t> to *3S p*i" month and found. Box
1043. Call offlce. Oakland. - ' .... ;.,
YOUNG man wishes position In wholesale
boute. H. H.. 150 FoUrlh Et.. room '70. '
WELL educated young man wants emptdyment
evenings; ettady and Industrious, liox 2078,
Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALK SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 21. 1904:
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTEP — MALE.
A THOROUGHLY practical man In grain farm-
ing, stock raising, fruit growing, drying. I
e>ts., Js open for engagement as*superintend- I
♦•nt; fpeclal attention will be given to sub-
. UivldiPK large tracts if required; strictly
temperate; salary reasonable. Address box
o200, Call offke.
COACHMAN wants situation: good, careful
driver: cr-otl horseman; knows city well; un-
derstand* jjardtnlns; good worker: has city
an<i country references; eober and respect-
• able. E. S., room 131, New Western Hotel.
PRIVATE records accurately kept; books
opened; closed; trial balances; statements
sent; advertising: lists furnished: address-
ing., etc. ; representative salesmen; solicitor*;
• oUectlons reliable: confidential. The Audit
Company, room 8«. Chronicle building. 1
ENGINEER, mechanical, wants position as '
draughtsman; 7 years' experience. Box 2536,
Call office. • j
- i
. I
POSITION as bookkeeper or .'shipping clerk;
bm of reference.'?; salary not as Important
as steady position. Box 3633, Call offlce. j
— j
HANDY man. carpenter, can do aim* st any-!
thin;.', wishes employment on ranch or elee- '
wher*. Box 2012, Call offlce. j
. __-Zizim i
GARDENER, reliable and Industrious, want* ]
position; well ii t> in his business; best of ;
leterenoes. Address box llMO. Call offlce. j
— *
CIRCULATOR distributor: experienced man !
wishes petition for afternoons only; reliable ,
references. Address box 2<!1(), Call offlce. j
BARBER; 4 yoars' experience In leading East- !
ern shops; highest leferenires; will stay hero !
If rood position Is offered. Box 2075, Call.
YOUNG r-'liable Enslishman dtslres position as
vnlet; can furnish flrst-cla^s releronces of his
abllirj- and lionetty. l»ox 2C0S, Call. ,
YOUNG- man who lias a fair knowledge of pho- j
ti-graphy wants a position to work after- ;
noons only; references. Box 2U77, Call offlce. |
EXPERIENCED and proficient pianist desires j
position with tnusic publisher or piano house. ■
R. M. H., 407 OFarrell et. - -
WANTED — Position by mechanic, one wh'o Is
'plumber and tinsheet metal worker, In city or ,
country. Box 2001, Call office. ■ l
A PAINTER and paperhanger wants work; ]
prices reasonable, or by day; satisfaction
guaranU-td. SH1RET. 430 Sixth St.
WANTED — By a young man. position as book- j
kee-pe-r; best of references. 1101 Tenth st.. ,
Oakland.
BARTENDER wlah.es position; married; Ger- |
mar; can give good reference. Box 2036, j
Call.
GENTLEMAN, experienced real estate. Insur-
ance, desires situation. Box 1044, Call,
Oakland. j
RELIABLE young man with best of refer- |
ences. well acquainted In the city, wishes j
situation 'as collector. Box 2114, Call. \
YOUNG man would like Job tending to cigar i
Store or drive light wagon. .Address box
2CJ2. Call offlce. ' : ■
COMPETENT bookkeeper, 5 years' experience. |
wants position, city; first-class references. \,
Box 2U2D, Call offlce. |
WANTED — By a compentent gardener and j
greenhouse man. private place or institution; •
best of references. A. W.. box 2614, Call. I
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as gar- j
di-ner: steauy, thorough man. Address M. j
R.. 413 First et.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper, willing to learn
grocery business, wants situation. Call 310 J
I.aiHlIM tt. ;
AN experienced cutter ami practical tailor de- j
sir«» position; best of references. Box 2102, \
Call office, i j
YOUNG man, 20, wants employment, after- I
noens only, in a photography store. Box i
211V. Call office. !
BOY wants position in office. Box 2G38. Call j
, offlce. |
BOY wants position in offlce. Box 2C37, Call ;
otfice. ■ j
GOOD Job compcsltor wants steady position. !
H. HOWARD, 3341 Nineteenth st. !
BOY. wants position In offlce. Box 2C32, Call !
.office. . . :
EXPERIKNCtJD stockboy wants a position.
Box 2tKJ0. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as entry clerk.
■ Address A. B. C, 1529 O'Farrell st. C
BAUTENDER wants emplofment. Box 2039,
Call offlce. !
_ — i _ , |
BARKEEPER.' extra man, open for Wed., j
Thurs.. Frid. and Saturday. Box 2501, Call, j
COOD city salesman with references for spe- '
clal line. \ 'Box 2559, Call.
YOi:.\G man would like a position In a bank.
Box 2C61. Call. ■
bOY wants position to do errands. Box 2613,
Call office. J
PATTERN maker with many year*' experi-
ence deslrrs work. Box 2590, Call.
WANTED — A pofiticn by a plumber's appren-
tice; 3 years' experience. Box 2501, Call.
CARPENTER, socd Jobbing hand; store or
hotel preferred; reasonable. Box 25D0, Call.
YOUNG man wants position, only afternoons;
no high-' wages required. Box 2588, Call.
PAINTING, paper hanging and tinting; man
with tools. :;»i Mary St..
ACCURATE competent accountant has 4 hours
dally for another set of books. Box 2074, Ca'.l.
ELDFRLY man to wash cans and work around
dairy. Box 2122. Call offlce.
EXPERT proofreader and manuscript reviser
offers lervtces. Box S071, Call.
L)RUG clerk, registered, temperate, desires
' position; speaka German. Box 25ts7. Call.
YOUNG man would like a position driving !
wagon In city. "Address box 2576, Call.
MARRIED man wants situation as Janitor;
references furnished. Box 25t;S. Call. ■
CASHIER, restaurant. Is open for employment.
Box 2124. Call office.
BOY wants position to carry papers. Box 2085.
Call offlce. * ;
YOUNG man would like position as a clerk In
wholesale house. Address box 20S8, Call.
ARCHITECTURAL draughtsman, 4 years' ex-
perience, desires position. Box 2090. Call. ■
AMERICAN wants position as outside sales-
| man:, salary or commission. Box 2097. Call.
Go5d driver knows city, wants steady work;
good milker also. W. P.. 329 Dore St.
LADIES' tailor wants a place. Call at 1312
Howard fit.
BOY wishes position In electrical works. 2640
Fol so m st.
WANTED — By energetic young man, position
In wholesale or retail grocery; nine years'
fxperience; reliable; first-class reference-*;
salary not ho much an object as permanent
Iicsitlon. Box 2H54, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a good dry goods and notion
ftale-tman, a place with an up-to-date' house;
have traveled for years In the East; good
references. Box 2C20, Call office.
BARBER, tlrst-class American young man, de-
sires position at Mountain resort season 1004;
-Meady, reliable: wtate particulars, etc.; city
references. Box 2615, Call office.
BY mlddle-ared man as clerk or buyer; as-
sist clerk in hotel; 12 years an buyer for
wholesale grocery house: good reference. Ad-
dress box 1040. Call offlce, Oakland.
THE treat modern system cutter on gents'
garments; 27 years of age: 14 years' experi-
ence; In country or city. 430 Natoma St., city.
POSITION wanted In wholesale, commission
or packing house by sober,- reliable man; best <
city references. Box 2t>r7, Call offlce.
WANTED— By a competent, gardener and
greenhouse man, private place or Institution;
be*t of references. A. W., box 2C14. Call.
UOY 15. wanta work on farm: haa had some
experience. Address E. Z-. S41A Howard st.
FIRST- CLASS, experienced bookkeeper and
stenographer desires 1 employment evening.*;
best references; reaaonable. Box 2C42. Call.
BARTENDER want*- position In city; steady
and reliable; references. Address M.. Si'i
\ Stanyan et.
RELIABLE man. 2(1, wants position In private
. place, city or suburbs; first-class horseman
and • driver; generally .useful: thoroughly
competent In every respect; best -of refer-
ences.- Box 2018, Call offlce.
AN honect Japanese boy wants position as a
schoolboy In nice private . family; speaks
well: good cook... Address I. I., 750 Bush st.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position to do house-
work. 527 , Uupont 8t.. city. .» -•
YOUNG Japanese wants situation to do house-
work In hotel. Box 2111, Call. .
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining; railway company, by a
mtn with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032 Call offlce. Oakland.
EMPLOVJllEVr W AATED---M ALE. I
PRIVATE records : accurately kept ;' books |
opened; closed trial balances; statement* t>ent; <
advertising lists furnished: addressing, etc.;
representative salesmen, solicitors; collections; !
reliable; confidential. Address box 150, Call. '
AN experienced buyer and'manager Is open for |
euKaReiient: men's clothing, hats, furnishing .
goods: VhotoiiRlily competent to. lake full
rhargo; first-class in e\ery respect; knows
' how slock should be handled to make money:
in cr out of the city; principals only. - Ad-
dre-ss box 2522, Call office. . .....
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
' draughtsman dtslres employment. Address
A. C. B.. 812 Bristol «t.. West Berkeley.
ELECTRIC engineer wants position as drafts-
man: long years' experience. Box 25J7, Call.
SOBER, reliable man wishes position tending
bar or porter; can speak German. Box 2041,
Call offlce. __.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 38, wants position I
as night watchman: can furnish references.
Address I. B., 750 Folsom st.' \
HOUSE, painter. Al ttage hand (non-union),
wonts work: job or. day work done. Box
Site!, Call office.
CHNKSE boy. first-class cook, wishes place In
Kood family: good reference; wages $30. Call
between II a., m. and 1 p. m.. phone China
• 140. Addrr— i box 2121, Call office.
JAPANESE 'young man, a university gradu-
ate', wanta a situation..- Please address box
2:t!». Call. _ ■»
A YOUNG Japanthe boy wants a position at J
housework and help conking. F. U., 1010
McAllister -nt. ;'■ tel. Fell 71S1.
A JAPANESE^ good, honest boy. wants a po-
sition cooking and housework; city- or coun-
try. F. O.. 031 Sacramento gt.
JAPANESE boy wants situation. 130 Ninth. !
A JAPANESE wants Dosltlon as a plain cook t
In a Rood raniily. FRANK. 1333 Pine et. j
CHINKSK boy wants work asporter. LEE, 15
Third st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
EXCHAXGE. j
WILL exchange fine »i<»\v music box for good
second-hand typewriter. Box 101, Call offlce.
FEATHEIt l(U.\OVATI.\u;
OSTRICH feathers and boa's remodele-d, curled ;
and waterproofed; 'gives a luster equal to
new; c.nn be worn a season without losing
curl. Potter WaterrrcoflnE Co., 50 Geary st.
BY 'new. 'healthful process. Cal. SUam Feather
Co.. T.25 Van Ness ave. ;' tel. Howard' 3167.
KI.NAXCIAL.
_,_, CENT -
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 51u California
st. A. A. Watklns. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; S. Prentlss .Smith,
treaburer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; 'Gavin McNab, attorney;
G«orge' C. Boardman and Charles E. L<Md.
directors': Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $8,(KH>.0CQ-. paid in capi-
tal. $1,000,000; resrrve fund. 52CO.000.
WE buy and sell all active stocks and bonds; !
also high-class mortgages; carefully selected I
securities always vn hand offered at from I
10 per cent ■ to N> per cent below regular I
price; list of 500 bargains ih well-known I
stocks free on request; get" bur quotations j
before buying elsewhere. " WATT & COW-
PER-THWA1TE, Investment Brokers', Stock-
ten, Cal. '
?2uC0 WILL secure one-half Interest *ln very
valuable mine and large Interest- in business
connected with the Panama Canal. Address
"Miner," lTt> Montgomery st.
WANTED — People to take up ,Government land
in California; goc-d soil; - plenty, .of water i
free; homesteads or desert. entries; ecrlp fur- '.
niched. TCOKER & GRAHAM, rooms 217 |
and, 21S, Cfocker bids:., San Francisco, Cal.
UNLIMITED trust funds to loan on real estate; j
»ny plan, amount or place. R. MASSON
SMITH, attorney. 5th floor Mills building.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO -LET.
A— MOUSES and flats to.Ietf an Immense list
serftee absolutely" tr**T-ta'fce Advantage of
this/ department;. It "will 'save you time and
troobje, Coidts Furniture . Co.. 215-259 Geary
st., on the square,'
ALL'd'f the mo'nt desirable flats and houses are
listed In our' renting department: let us give
vou a list and help you find one In t,hc loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1030 Market st.; services abso-
lutely free. .' ' ' . j
NEW flats; Just. completed; every possible .con- !
Venlcrice; close to -main entrance . to park;.!
all night car service: every room sunny: I
rents from ?27 60 to ?35; open 1 to 4. 762 !
Seventh ave., near Fulton st.
1 WANT to rent a fiat of 5 or 0 rooms in
cood location, on street-car line preferred;
state location and particulars. Uox 2575,
Call office. _^
$15 — FLAT of 4 rooms and bath, stationary
tubs. ..24C8 Harrison st.. bet. 20th and 21st. i
_— ! ' — ■ ■ i
JONES. 373, corner Ellis — Modern sunny flat ]
of r» rort— .s ar.d bath. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO., 513 California st.
SACRAMENTO, 374C. near 5»pruce— Elegant
lower flat of f> rooms and bath;- rent $30.
.HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
$32 50 — 5 ROOMS, new. sunny: Interior cottage i
effect;- Dutch dining-room; coal 'fireplace. I
Scott »t.. near. Oak. ' • .
NEW middle and upper flats, 0 rooms, social
hall, grand view of city; sun In every room:
carriage, automobile room. 026-2S Pierce si.
SEVENTEENTH, 4182, bet. Castro and Dou«-
|a*s — Sunny, upper flat. 7 rooms, bath, base-
. ment. . . ,.-
COLE. 700 — New top corner flat: 6 rooms;
bath: rent $40.
EDDY, 018— Lower flat: R rooms and bath.
FULTON, 1502— A modern sunny flat of S
rooms; new. . ■'• . ■ .
GOLDEN GATE ave./ 1023— Large flat; light
and supny; rent reasonable.
JACKSON. 3801— Corner flat; « rooms; bath;
marine view: sunny; $17 50:call after 2 p. m.
ELEGANT modern flat of 0 rooms amf bath at
1PS5 Ellls^t.. near Scott; rent $3:).
FLAT of 0 rooms: fine marine view; bathroom
and toilet separate. 2114 Leavenworth st.
FLAT, 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
. rent $27 50. Key 2B40 Mission st.
HAYES, 1743,- near park entrance — Sunny up-
per flat; 4 rooms: bath: rent $17.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to ret. Call
on LYON _ HOAG,, 11« MontEomery St.
MODERN corner fiat. 7 rooms, bath: large
cellar. 425 Bhrader st. . ■ .-
NEW sunny -flat. 8 rooms and. bath; fine loca-
tion: rent *45. - 2S«2 Sacramento st.'
NORFOLK, 20, near Twelfth— To let. a flat of
i 5 rooms for $13.
SUTTER. 1618 — 4 or 5 room runny flat.'
SUTTKR. 2515— New flat: S rooms: attic .and
basement; rent reasonable io rlcht party.'-.
TWENTY-THIRD. ."552. near Guerrero-
Lower, flat, 4 ropms and bath.-. t
$35— A MODERN upper flat of 7 rooms. 1113
Turk st.. near Lamina. ...'".
FLA TS ■_ _TO_-JLMJ_---_^»:_iigi_l_«_l«_KI>._
DEVISADEHO. 1027. near Sutler— Beautifully
furnished upper flaf of 5 rooms, bath and re-
• ■••ntlon halt; sun all. day; lights free; rent
$:15.- . - - ■■ •
I-LATS Kbit SALE--KU~.X*ISHED.
SUNNY 7-room centrally located- flat at a sac-
rifice: -furniture Rood: water In 4 rooms: no
agents or Jobbers need 'reply. . Box S13. Call.
FURNITURE' of modern 0- room • flat; $400:
•must' be sen to be .appreciated; no dealers.
1710 Lyon st. "'-.•"-. .'
$75 — NEW,- modern 4-room . cottage, I comnletcly
furn. : rerjt rras.; 'another $225. :t 5
Metropolitan ave., cor." Sth and Harrltton sts.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms" complete ;' best "con-
dIMon: modern flat:- bargain. 730 Optavla st.
. 'FUKXITUKE >. FOIl SALE. '■ \. "",; '
FURNITURE' of . 7-room flat; . sun in, every
room: everything clean and- ready to live In:
will be ready. 24th; rent $25: location, How-
ard and.22d «ts. Call, 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FOR sale — Oak bedroom set, folding -bed and
hall carnet. "4QB Tenth: st. ■* * .•■■■: '-■ .--.-
•." ' FURMTURB WANTED. -".;"''•• -
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer, ISIS Mkt.; tel. Howard 2758
■ , FLOniSTS.
FLORAL piece's. for all occasions; prices r:a-
gonable. 14 Hayes st.: .tel.- Jessie' 10.
— "HELP "/AM'EU—Kli.MALE.
THIS office cpens at S: 3D a. m.; closes 5:30 ,
*{>. m. ;'Monua> a holiday; ultlce not open: a
nrtt-clata cook lor lari,e tuinily. $m; a
working housekeeper (must cook plainly) a:vj
u*sli>t with an invalid lady, place in city.
wants $W a month; a strong nur^e tor rheu-
malic Invalid, f'M and luunu: a Krench nur-
sery irovernets, T3o: on experienced . pantry .
girl lor. hotel, ?:>%» anil. room out; a waitress j i
and :>arlormaid, small tamily, .>3u; a hrist-
cla*s laundrtsfc, |3U; a nm-cla.-s cook for an I
American lainily in city. $45; a waitress for
small lamily, S'!3; a nurse for an imam,
. .5-5; 15 housework girls, S2U to $33> CmI! j
Tuesday at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 4L'O Sutter |
st-.. near Powell; Monday holiday; otfice nut
ODeh. MISS PLUNKEIT'S. 42j tiutttr *t.. I
near ■Powell. i
NURSE for Infant $30 10 !
Cook, kitchen helper kept $50 <KJ
Kitchen-, helper, same place ><f5 CO
Cook, no washing *.J5 to ,•
4 cooks. German cooking *:!0-*55COj
Chambermaid and waiting, first class re- ;
sort, open year round $23 00!
4 second girls, city and country ?2."> (;o j
.\urseglrl. 2 children *2" 00 j
Housework, 2 In family |4OC0f
Chamberwork and waiting, hotel ?25 00 1
t>0 general housework girls, city and coun- I
try, $20. $25, $.{0 and $.15. Apply to J. F. !
i.'ROSETT & CO., .W4 Sutter st. j
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB— Phone Bush 654. |
2;:a Geary St.— Room :J6. |
Chamber and scamsirets, lady here Toes- i
day. 10 a. m : $25
Lady's maid, ppeak French ?25 I
Five seconti girls, city *25 j
Nurse, KtifclNli. for chlid 15 months 525!
HOL'SEWQRK. i •
2 in family and u-ycar boy, ti rooms, light ;
wash, nice cook, good place, $25 to $JO.
OPEN MONDAY.
2 in family, city references : $30 i
LAUNDRESS, city. $30; nurseglrl, $20; lau'n- |
dress, country, $Ho; tnlddle-aKCd woman, i
. housework, $25; fcirls. housework. $20 to $W. I
S. J. BEAN, 17 Jth «t.; phone Bush 107. !
WANTED — Young woman of experience as
nurse for child 2 years of age; must be re- >
fined and come well recommended; good po-
sition lor. ono who appreciates a good home;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 2C87. Call office.
A — WANTED — Girls • to learn halrdresslng..
manicuring, etc.: trade taueht from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school in
West. , 2S3 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn mllllrory now for spring sea-
con; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $'.5; position!! as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening cla.ss. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learrj all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring,; massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured ,
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
LADIES— ~ ~
$15 per. week sewing at home: material* '
free; no canvassing: beautiful aample sent
free on receipt of addressed envelope.
MAJESTIC LACE CO..
' New York.
LADIES— T8 to ?15 paid weekly, doins plain
sewlnj- at home; experience unnecessary:
material sent free everywhere. Address for
particular Weber Manufacturing Co.. 1135
Broadway, New Yc'rk.
BERKELEY SANITARIUM— Berkeley. Cal.:
complete for surgical and medical patients;
young ladles wanted for nurses' training
school. Apply 1 and .') p. m. to DR. G. W.
DAVIS. 400 Sutfi St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — 5<XK> ladvs: only an hour a day at
your own homes; {nake from $5 to ?25 per
week; full particulars 10c. GOLDEN STATE
M. O. COMPANY,^Berkeley.
$10 WEEKLY Mrnfi) by ladies working for us
home; materials fttee; send addressed enve-
lope for beautiful} lace medallion, instruc-
tions and designs. IPALMA G. CO., )2S Lib-
erty »t.. X. Y. ]
LADIES — To do plect? work home; we furnish
materials .ind pay . $7 to $12 weekly; send
stamped envelope io ROYAL CO., 34 East
Monrce %C. Chicago.
WANTED — A Christian girl, 15 or 10. to as-
sist In lisrht home duties: $5 per month to
begin; <M?asant home; reference reejulred.-
Apply 1704 Post sti
IF you wish to earn ! money writing short sto-
ries or acting as news correspondent write
United Press Syndicate. 303 Postal bldg.,
Indianapolis, Ind.
PROFITABLE employment for ladies. Write
Dept. F. California College of Photography, |
. Palo. Alto. Cal. , {
WANTED— Mlddle-ased lady . to do light I
housework; no cooking: one desiring a goo<2
' home; wages $15 per month. 2038 Taylor.
LADIES" having doillre. centerpieces. Batten-
berg' and drawn work to !>ell address Ladies' j
..Exchange. 31 D Monroe st.. Chicago. i
LADIES — Mt?Bt profitable home work; $!» to $15
■ weekly; material free: no canvassing; steady
work. Surety Co.^ Chicago.
AN old German woman to dc/ light housework:
, small family; good home; small wages. 142G
Folsom st. ■
WANTED — 10 women to sell article cheap;
Rood money made. 11.7.1 Shotwell St., bet.
25th and 20th.
LADIES wanted for pleasant, profitable home
work: send for specimen work and terms.
1JOCO. 40 Wall St., New York.
NEAT young girl to assist in light housework:
• sleep home; • references. Apply Monday, 660
Grove st. /
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working housc-
.' keeper for man and child 7 years old. 622
Natoma st.
LADIES, to sew on furs; wages while learning;
work glvtn out. 324 San Pablo ave., Oak-
land.
FIVE business women at- once: references and
security. Box 211?. Call offlce.
EDUCATED lady with some means as swere-
tary for publishing firm. Box 2060, Call.
WANTED — A j-ounjj woman for general house-
work In small family. Call 72<) Second ave.
WANTED — A young girl to do general house-
work; need not cook. Call 1S31 Eddy et.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse; must have
city references. 3043 California st.
LADY with . references to solicit' advertise-
ments and printing: salary. Box 2567. Call.
APPRENTICES and maker at millinery. Room
S. 131 Post st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles" under-
wear at 1157 Folsom st. H. KLAS.
GIRL of good schooling, about 18, to learn
typesetting: $4 week. 516 Commercial st.
A BOY wants to leave washing .with private
party. Address box 2103, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED waitress. ?8. Capital Res-
taurant, 200. McAllister st.. above Hyde.
WANTED— -First-class, trimmer, saleslady and
makers. 72 Geary st.
WOMAN ; wanted for housework; family cf
two. 228% Fulton st.
A GIKL wanted to. assist In cfneral house-
work. 8913 Clay st.
A FIRST-CLASS millinery maker wanted. Ap-
ply. between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A woman who Is a thoroughly ex-
perienced flrsP-class hairdresser and mani-
e-ure. Apply - between 0 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' ...' -. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. '~-~~
. . 520 — Montgomery St.— 520.
Phone' Main 11UI Upstairs.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— Fare Returned.
COAL MINERS— GOOD JOB— New Mexico.
F« woodchoppers. Marlposa Co.. good timber,
$1 50, $2 a cord; carriage painter, shop near
city. $3 day: 10 laborers. Nevada, 8 hours;
cook, private family, city: solicitor*, city.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, .i'.. 12.
Cook, country, $00. fare* In three riontt^s.
CAPABLE French.' German and Italian sollcl-
-. tors, wanted to. present a proposition of the
' highest hierlt; salary and commission. Call
loom 14,- fifth floor. Mills building. \
AMATEUR photographers wanted to take our
mall 'course free: write, at once., California
.College of Photography. Dept. E.', Palo Alto,
c "v; ,': ; :_•■ \;,' ..
TRAVELING", salesman • for California: '. no
technical knowledge, but acyve, all-round
hustler: established, well-rated house. F. R.
JEN NINGS. sales mgr., Pet rolt. Mich.
WANTED— 2 « young, men with knowledge '. of
drawing ..to design furniture at home; good
' pay. Grand' Rapids Furniture Designing and
• Illustrating Co., Grand' Raplds.v Mich. .
WANTED — Competent ■ man for.; buyer ' and
manager tor silk and .dresn goods , stock.
I . Apply to box 2344.*. Call, statin* experience
' and " salary • expected.. . •••■ -: . , .
MAN -with ■ ' boat -' i to advertise ■• upon water
front: permanent position. Address 760 Mar-
ket at., second, floor. . . .
HELP WAXTRO— .MAI.B— rontlnwH.
MURRAY _ READY. tn4-(K« Clay st.
Phone Main 6*48.
Office open 9 a. m. to 1- m. to-day (Sunday).
. 7 a. m. Monday.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
lfKtt we gave luot we hope ti
tM.uw men woik. Increase Ct»,oOo.
SHIP DAILY.
Clcse to Prescott. S. K. and P. P. Route.
ARIZONA.
ZMf Men for Railroad. Work. Good Waxes.
910 Miles. ARIZONA. $!» lt>. '
M1SCELLANEGUS. \
Blacksmith .helper. ?4O and found; gardener,
>25: carriage painter, country: cook, country
Imtel. $4o and found; woodturner, planing mill,
5 : > Jti ilay: U cooks. 4 waiters. 7 dishwashers,-'
farmers, thurtman. ;>low teamsters. and milk-
era: tinsmith, country Job; woodc hoppers, goexl
prices: milker. Siskiyou County, fare paid. $30
and found; terra ctitla \v,.uer. cake baker. ■
country «hot>. $4w and round: farmer and wife, t
near city. »4U and found: galeton cook. $55; j
l"'Hi-r fi.r a Srfloon, . $43; uait?r. restaurant. :
$lu 6O week: cuuk. small vuuntiy hotsl. $3O j
fid ruund. tare paid; 2 «levalur boys, $2U and •
rot/m; young man as solicitor.
MINES. - !
GOLD . AND SILVER.
A single and double hand miners for gold
ucaitz mine, ?)»2 W».
2 more miners by hydraulic mine, £52 50.
MURRAY & READY. ti34-e.1« Clay st.
MURRAY _ READY, CU-IKIS Clay St.
A— SPECIAL.
MINES.
MINES. GOLD AND SILVER. MINES.
SEE BOSS HERE.
10 single and double hand miners $82 50
8 machine miners, gold mine f 0o |
1<» muckers, gold mine $H7 5O j
t» laborer*, no experience $6O ;
MURRAY & READY. «:|4-6:J9 Clay St. j
WANTED— 10 men In each State to travel. !
tack vii-np. distribute circulars and samples |
of our Roods; salary. $60 per month;- S3 perl
day for expenses. KUHLMAN CO.. Dept.
F 0, Atlas block. Chicago.
INTELLIGENT, sober. Industrious American
couple wanted to carry on store, postoffice. I
raise cattle, chickens, vegetables on shares; '
country place plant . estab. Box 20S2. -Call, i
TRAVELING salesman calling on drug trade |
to represent manufacturer of elastic hosiery, j
etc.. as side line. Manufacturer, care Ban- j
ninK Advertising Co.. Minneapolis.
RESPECTABLE man and wife only will g1re
■ pood home and small wages to girl for '
assisting in very, light housework. Address
box 2080. Call.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no canvass-
Irg; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago. .
MKN everywhere — Good pay; to distribute cir-
culars silv. matter, tack signs, etc. : no can-
vassing. NATL. ADV. BUREAl Chicago. I
THREE young men to earn their way through |
college outside of school hours. California
Business College, -".C,"> Larktn st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper; give age. experience
and salary expected. Answer In own hand-
writ in$r, box 2«S2S. Call offlce.
130 YOUNG men. 18 years. of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK, 473
Valencia et., bet. ti and 8 p. m.
COMPETENT bookkeeper; give age. experience
and salary expected. Answer In handwriting,
bc*c 2025. Call offlce.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; good salary; no
experience. INTL. DETECTIVE AGENCY,
Milwaukee, Wis.
SALESMAN, insurance exrjerience; Id CO per
month; bond required. Box 2546, Call.
WANTED-A lunch, cook for saloon. Apply;
at 22C0 Powell st. ■ |
WANTED — Messenger boy. about 14. for offlce; j
Apply P. O. box 2<MS; give references.
WANTED— 50 reliable young Protestant. whlU
American men, IS to 21 years. Box 2099. Call, j
STRONG boy about 16. wholesale house;. $4 |
week beginning. Apply 8 o'clock. 161 First. !
OFFICE boy In wholesale house: hours 7 to C; j
give ane and wage? wanted. Box 23VU, Call.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop. Call I
Tuesday at 200 Leavenworth «t. |
WANTED — Young man for offlce work. Apply
SCO Fourth st.. Tuesday. 8 a. m.
WANTED— 2 solicitors. Call bet. 8 and 10 a.
m.. Monday. 176 First st.
2 HYDRAULIC leather-covered barber chairs;
used 30 days. Barber. 777H Market st.
GARDENER wanted at S5« Cole «t.
CORRESPONDENT; medical Institute; experi-
ence essential. Box 21*>9. Call office-. . -
RELIABLE boys to distribute samples, In-
. quire 139 Tenth St.. after 8 o'clock Monday.
UOY to ler.m printing trade; one with some
cxpfricncc preferred. "01 Hyde' st.
WANTED — A rood carpet weaver. Apply at
GEO.. MATTHEWS' .-■ 709 5th St.. Oakland.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 15.000
' appointments last year; chances even better
now; examinations soon In San Francisco;
thousands prepared by the Nat'l Correspond-
ence Institute, Wash., D.C., the originator of
this work, now In the service; write /or circu-
lar J 1. showing positions, salaries, examina-
tions, sample questions, etc., to our Pacific
Ce.ast office, 927 Market st., San ' Francisco.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison Indorses Institute; book. "Can. I
Become an Electrical Engineer?*' free. Elec-
trical Engineer Institute, New York.
BARBERS, take notice — The offlce of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 1504 ' Market st-
Journeymen Barbers' Unls«n, Local 143. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
A— L L
Men t>- learn the I arber trade In two months
and secure gooJ positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER .System
Col!«-ee, t>'-5 Clay st.'
I'AHHKR shop and living room for sale; op-
portunity of a lifetime for married man:
reason for leaving, sickness; will take $190
cash and give trial; call and be convinced.
f.43 Sixth st.; no agents.
WANTED — A .young dry goods man who'un-
e'vrstands dresslnc windows and make him-
self generally useful; references, required.
Address R. G.~& Co., box 2636, Call offlce.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 K0 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic shoes. $.1 30; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 305 Larkln st., for free Information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenlnss.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott building.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom . I have secured pensions.
EXPERIENCED helper on hard candy. Apply
224 Battery st. *
RELIABLE married German: understands
tending bar; also can sell Indoors. 2663, Call.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters, green hands and
sailora for whaling. Dent's place, 26 Steuart.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 .*>0 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express cr mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
WANTED — A thoroughly practical man for su-
perintendent of a ranch, where owner does
not reside; must understand the breeding and j
care of fine stock, horses and cattle and have
unquestionable references as to ability and
character. Address fully, stating salary ex-
pected, X. Y. Z., box 2670. Call offlce.
WANTED— Experienced solicitors, men and
women, handle merchandise contracts; good
compensation; easy nropnetlon to place; in-
vestigate. Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19.
Columbian bldg.. or 052 Broadway. Oakland.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
tr-ide in Ji weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers. «47
Commerlcal st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Man of good address fe>r permanent
position with, mercantile company: spt^dld
opportunity for right man. Address box 271.
Sacramento, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop. C3 miles
from city; good business; for sale • or ex-
change (or city shop. L. DC R1TIS. 333
Green st.. city. . . -
WANTED- Laborers and. mechanics -to know
that ' Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ■ 10O new rooms to the Denver House,
217- Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to BOc per night.
A FIRST-class traveling salesman for a large
local tailoring firm; do not apply unless
thoroughly experienced. Apply box 26S2. Call.
IIAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F. !
Barber Hchool. 741 Howard st. . .
SAILORS 'and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 2« Steuart s_ t
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phela n
Mdg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.K.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st..- near Mar-
• ket — 700 rooms; 30c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus- and Laggage .to and .from-ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception ;
of advertisements and subscrlptlcns has been j
' pened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until. 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. na4f
price, r.frj Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes, half-soled while waiting: 25c .
to 50c.. 503 Mission st., bet, 1st and Sd its. 1
HORSES AND WAGO.YS.
JUST arrived from the Howard estate. New-
man, carload of brrik'* and unbroken horses
weirhlna- frnrn l?t.t» to 15<!O ■ pounds. At
FRED II. CHASE £ Ca'S^ jckyards. 17:;2
Market st. ■'?'■■,. -■'- '.:'
FOR sale — A mu!e>; wvrkli double and single:
gocd bacK ."•ninial. ROBERTS. ' 1615 Market.
FOR sale— Pair of h.indsome family carriage
horsey, scum) and gentle: 2-seuted trap; sil-
vor nii.iint-.-I hj;r- .-.- s. Call at car barn. Em-
eryville.
CLACK Arabian horse (small) and rubber-
tired buggy; a little beauty under the saddle;
will s*ll cheaj>. Phone Park ZW
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horses,
wasonv and harness, at lltH Folsom st.
WANTED — A good youna- horse fur delivery
wagen. Uox 20€3. Call.
WANTED— A busineyr; buggy la good condi-
tion Addrcts box U'7. Call.
WANTED— Saddle horse; ride or drive. Box
_2;0V Call.
FOR sale — Six second-hand express wagonaj
and two trucks. \ 2^3 Deals st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplns; wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. &32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-h»nd wagons. rntckM. sur-
r»y.harne«».w»rk.drlvlnn;hor»ea. 15th- Valencia
■ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of house-s to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. LMDSEN & CO.. 3d Montgomery
MCALLISTER. 12I»— 12 rooms. t«th and bll-
Hanl-room: ffii); water free; modern.
GROVE, 2f«. near Van Ness^Nice sunny house
of 7 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
TO let — Ntw house of 9 rpoms and bath; tent
115. 82t Fulton st., near Fillmore.
BEFORE movtna; get our printed list of -houses
to let. BALDWIN ft HPWKLL. 25 Post »t.
HOUSES I'lllMSHKt) Klilt SALE.
(650; MUST sell to-day: -parties going away;
8-roomed house; new ' furniture. 1009* Sut-
ter st.
$1711— *J ROOMS and bath; rent IIS: 4 rooms
rented *!» over rent. Rox 210«. Call offlce.
GEARY. 1«!4— X-roora h.iu?.-; S.ViO. Including
piano: rent. *40.
LEAVENWORTH. 820. nr. Sutter— 14 rooms.
• 10 furnished. fVtft cash: a bargain.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — To rent suburban home, complete-
ly furnished, with larg«; grounds, for th<»
summer months; not more than l'j hours*
ride from city; give full particulars. Eox
2R4S. Call." '
_LOST AXD FOUND.
HORSEMAN would like tr. meet gentleman
willing to play B-M..t Inside Information at
Oakland races. Address box 8, Golden Gate,
California.
LOST— Sunday. 14th. year-old collie; light tan.
blackish markings; answers to "Laddie."
Return •<> liao Fell at.. Sunday or evening;
liberal reward.
LOST — A sunburst, set with pearls and small
diamond, bet. Kills and Hyde Mm. and Eddy
and Jones; liberal reward. Return 573 Ellis st.
LOST — Package of spoons and forks on th«
Polk-st. car. b»t. 1 ::'.<> and 12 p. m. Return
same to 7C.VA Guerrero st. : reward.
LOST — PuTse containine large amount of
money and valuable key*. Finder will be
liberally rewarded. tO«6 Pewell st.
LOST— Last Monday, lady's sold watch; dia-
mond and monogram. Liberal reward, lulj
Webster St.. Oakland.
LOST— Saturday rvenlrr. on Powell St.. purse
containing mon?y. receipts and k'-ys. Liberal
reward. 71^ Pine st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernfa Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of ANDREW RYAN or Margaret 0.
Ryan. No. 277-2SO. The finder will please re-
turn to hank. . •
LOST — Thursday evening, pair op*ra glasses
and holder' In leather bate, between Grand
• •••era-house and Techau Tavern; glasses en-
graved Louise. Reward, ,'in.s Clayton at.
LOST — Clack cocker spaniel dog; few whit*
hairs on breast; lost Feb. 17 'In vicinity of
JactuCn and Octavla. Liberal reward 1M7
Vallejo st.
LOST — Brown purse containing silver, m wed-
dinK- rintf and 2 photo coupons. Finder keep
mohey. return ring and purse to Call offlce.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In 'the
name of MARIA ZOLEZZI. No. 230-504. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND — Pointer dog: will surrender on eTe-
■ scription and payment of keep. Box 2Gtifl.
Call office. ■
31OXBY TO LOAN.
AAA— H-RMAN MURPHY.
«-:01-Ki'2-or: Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dlcappolntment.
Save expenses by dealinr directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. : legacies . life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest. *
Give full particulars ;-
of property or chattels. v
Locatlon, etc. / *?~*
Box 408. Call offlce. : '--
ANT amount quickly on fumltnre or ptaaa,
. without removal or other security; no com.:
falrttt rates: strictly confidential. National
- credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market at.
MONEY loaned to salaried p«opl«, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; msy payments: large business in
48 principal cities. Tolman. 853 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at S
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry 3tor».
846 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 13 Third.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: I2S up: quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, ra u T.
M JACOBSON A CO.. financial brokers. Emma-
Fpreckels bldg.. — n. 621: loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones beugat
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. IOC Grant a~ «..
LOAN3 FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW eaay method— To wage earners on nnln-
doreed notes: -absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 8. T.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; atrtct
privacy; no commission '.installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rate- on nlanos and
furniture; private: no commission; payments
accepted. 6 Eddy St.. r. 111.
MONEY loaned: reasonable rates. NORTON
i CO.. 708 Market at., room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3*i ON furniture A pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent en furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 7C8 Market St.
8TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money A*
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on note* without
tndoner. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
~ : JIOMIV WANTED.
WANTED Party with canital to invest in
manufacturing food business: big profits:
business Increasing so rapidly that more capi-
tal l" required. A.. R. COULSON CO.. Peta-
luma. Cal. ■ »-
PMVS'CIAXS AXD StllCEOXS.
nH~~C™C. O*DONX_Lli — Office and reslden-e.
1U2IH Market »t.. bet. 6th' and 7th: particu-
lar attention raid to diseases ___________
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. HALL 1UT3S Market st.
I KEMOVED— DIC WONG HIM. herb doctor.
• trtats aU.di;-ease» vt the human body: for
va*t four y«a» at 113-117 Mason: now |j-
tated at C»;7 G*ary »t.. near Leavenworth.
I D1C TONG^PO CHY. successor »o Dr. LI Po
■ Tal. herb doctor, curts all tiueaaes of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington »t.
DR. M. MATSCDA has returned from Orient.
Noy at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the (azcovi Vrb doctor— All d'«-
»»«f , «-Ui-,1 b* rh.nw herb* 71K-Q Out «t
| pAPKfiitAAniVc. ..rA?^!l!_il!i_f*X£xi.
ROOMS' parered. $4 • op* ttntlns. painting.
Hartmann Palrt Cn^ .'Uft Third; fl.Maln 41*.
ror Addltlo_al Clasiifled A4v«rtl3»m»_tJ
[ See T*g» 4A7— WHHA »
4142
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET. ,
FOR rtnt from March 1-Stores. 10:O-10CI
arket .U Apply Immediate! >• George j
Davit. Central Theater, or SHAIN\NALD.
. DUCKBEE * CO. ;
A FINE office fulte; nicely tinted. 3C Geary.
• UNFURNISHED room, and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary rt.. cpp. City of Paris.
OFFICES_^VAXTED.
WANTED— To ehare office or e!e«k room where
access may be had evenings. Box 2113. Call.
•, ' PERSONALS.
HEIRS WANTED.
LEE.
GEORGE LEE <«m of THOMAS LEE and
tNN" LKE maiden name POGSON). who
*i« born about 1829. and was residing In
e-^LJFOKNlA about thirty years ago, or his
DFSCFNDANTS. are icqaested to communl.
cate to ADVANTAGE with Messrs. Head &
Kill, pclloltori\ Z Raymond buildings. Gray'"
Inn.' London. England.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves 1U growth.«tops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
GRADUATES ot New Tork School of Massac*
Osteopathy: vapor and electric bathi; face
tibratlng machine Xor rheumatism; genuine
tuba hot and cold water; trained nurses as
* attendants. Prcf. and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.
CANCEROUS lumps, soree, impure blood <af-
feetlng ekln. mouth, bones, etc.). wpeedlly
cured by skilled specialist from Europe. Ap-
j!y Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst
cured.
FRANK K. — One year to-day since we said
adieu. How long? Auf wledereehen. Write
J. r. K,.
A WOMAN'S friend; destitute free; secluded
home during confinement; housekeeping
room* In connection If desired. MRS. DR.
EMIL1B FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st, Alameda.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 7C3 Fifth St., Oakland.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, showa
' the work that is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'FarreU.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eaaes positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1373 Waller: cxmyultatlon free; call or write.
HAIR aro»u gray restored; pimples, wrinkles.
' all blemishes removed; shampooing cpedalty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Pott, parlors IS and 14
UQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cur* in 2
<!«>» cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cur* Ca,
901 Market »t.. rocm 203.
AT leea than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES L.YC*NS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun.
■ <U> «vga., Teutonla Hall, Howard it., near
8th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
3. C WANTS to «** 961 Po*t.
CHIC be>oks, j>hoto novelties, etc.; list sealed,
fer stamp. I>. STANTQN. Carbondale. Pa.
X5EES — Honey bee-s bought: box or patent
hives; state, price. Box 2126. Call office.
300 GOLDEN CAfE ave. .cor.— Laundry, barber
■hop. cigars, tobaccos, news. «uits cleaned.
J. XV. SPAP.ROW. Jeweler, formerly of ll/7
Geary ft., has moved to 218 Post st.
A'.tlr.a restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. S524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist, 3C3 Sut- I
ter. r. 008. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 2S. ■
Bon Marche Hants Co.: epecial $5 pants to .or- |
der. Roomt 14 & 16. 40 Elllg. Tel. Drtima 4 4.
MASyL'ERAHi: i-ostume*. play books. wlg»;
er.untry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7X" Mkt. I
fctl'ERFl-lOl.'S hair Ac molec removed by elec-
tric r*#dl». Dr. * llrs.Travcrs. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MAIjK *u!t $7 SO; «3res« pants $^30. j
Clothing Parlcr. cnr. Bu»h and Dupont
ALFREDOara Kgyptlan Henna restores gra/
hair m its natural color: $1: at aM druggisu'.
A BRANCH office of Th« Call for the reception i
cf advertisements and subscrlpt'or.s has been :
opened at 100S Market »t.. opposite Fifth, j
Open until 11 p. m. :
PALAiM'KV. j
A — THC world wUOHUed 'la'.m'.st.
CT L-l-V-O-R-N-e> -C3
Si Kearr.i' rt.
See e.rl;inal tes-timonials at entrance.
li;.51_. UEVAU M-ieiitiflc palmist and astrolu- j
gist, palrn read.ng; $1; 3 questions by « x- j
press f : : ■■! • n Tuesday eve. also. i:::» I'ost R. '
MMK. NEKP.GAKD. located at 24^ Pest; hour*
I in S eiai<y. Phone Jamey 1. Claste*.
H. JERUilt: POSELLL scientific ;s!mi»t. Mi j
Tajlr.r t-t. r*ar QcatT. Phone niark 5M
MUI(A*.i: AND UAUKIKILSK*.
A-tMrORILM ttor*»c 4: Van Co.; furniture. '
household soods stored, movrti, -r.i;>i"-ii. ;..*•-
731 Howard ct.. nr. Third; phontr (irant li.i.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage AfMoving Co.. ■>!-
flee Pom and Powell gts. ; tel. Priv. Kx. 571
Ce)NKLlN'S storage — Furniture and merchan- '
dice. .■{■': J Golden Gate ave.: phone East 1-0. '
GOLDEN Weit Storage; advan>-r> ma<Je; SJ(J i
Mifwlon St.: tel. Howard S41. F. IT. ZeBfuss. ;
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- I
pany. 2320 Fillmorc bL : phone Jackson 2SI. .
BEKINS Van nnd Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery j
et. : tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at rut rate* I
ROOMS FOR UOl'SEKEEPIW. S
A FLOOR, of 3 r»x>mf>. furnished for house-
keeping, in modern flat, near elol.:»>n Gute
Park. Phone Park 7<:2. Box 2577. Call.
SELVEDERE, I4J — 3 or 4 sunny furnished
rooms; bath; garden; Panhandle dirtrict.
CALIFORNIA^ 15(12— Three nicely furnishfj
front rexwns; reasonable. •. i i
r>E NORMANDY. C05 Post— Nicely furn. rms.. '
$2 week up; alro hvkpg. $4 to $7 a week.
ICLLIS. Cll — 2. nicely furnlsh-d connecting
rooms; eas> ranr*. bath and phone.
FOLSOM St.. near Twenty-fourth; 3 sunny ■
rewms, t^artly furnished or unfurnished, with I
bath. M». laundry and yard; stable if de-
sired. Addret-n box 2007. Call offlc?.
FOLSOM, U20--Fiirnished and unfurn., on flist
floor; large ground*: families with children. ;
7»4 — Sunny double and houeeketep- .
tag rocmr. !
TT">LSOM. 77«;'.. — 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms; ieai"onable.
FOURTH. 225— FumiFhed rooms, suitable for
liouscLerplna;. or wlngle rooms.
FULTON. 1.771— 2 room*, newly furnished, i
rultabif for lie-lil hou»e-ke»epinjt: $10.
GKARY. lmC — Nicely lurnighed runny rooms, j
«n to;te cr ficgle; housekeeping privileges; I
running water; ga«: rea>>onab>.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 42S— One large houae-
kc<-p:njc riom; nartie* employed during the
e!ay Drefcrr«-d.
COLDEN CATC ave.. 4T>— Fum!?hed room for I
!:• u>' n> ■ ,■,!:{. , gas and water. ;
GOLDKN GATE ave.. 022— Sunny bay-window j
tu:te 1 r(mmr: alyj latse tingle rtjom; gas '
:■ r.R> . bath anj launeiry. j
eiOLKUN QATE ave., nci5— a ricely furnished
suite: m*. h-it liath: all e>on\'enienc-es: $12.
JUSS1K. 33S — Lar;r«- funny front room; fur-
nhhed house keej.ing; range; $12; closet.
liNICKEKBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine— I
bunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat- '
• d ele-ctrlc lighted: free bath*: rate $30 up. '
LARK IN", (33 — Nicely furnished rooms for
h'.Uf i k»eplng.
LARK IN. HS'l — NIc*. clean, sunny room; light
houMkrcping: $10 per month.
MARKET. K,fl7 — Two unfurnished connecting
rooms- for hor^e-keejilng.
MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton et.— Newly
furnUhed front housekeeping rooms; $5 to
$12; gas. bath. ♦
OAK. 12T»>r — Three larse furnished housekeep-
lnir roouir: e»n lower floor: yard; $15.
ch;TAVIA. 1253 (.corner O'Farreli)— Elegantly
fumiFtud hkne. eulte; gas and coal range.
OFAHRELL. 127»-2 or 3 nicely furnished
bouaekee ping rooms, $20 to $30; all modern.
'PICARL. 3. corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms. $17: S fur. rooms. $11; phone.
POLK. l»l*i- Sunny, ground floor rooms; gas,
bath, phone, etc.; reasonable.
SPRUCE. 101 — 3 tunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use t of bath, etc.; fine neigh-
hood: $1S: call after 2 p. m.
CUTTER, 1022^. near Hyde — Two large, eun-
ny parlors and kitchen: ga«» grate, etc.
TAYLOR. 911 — Sunny single housekeepins
room; r-is range; $8 50.
THIRD. 308 — One trrand sunny front room, 2
wlsdowa, $10; ethers |6; runnlna; water* I
UOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG— Con.
TO rent— A flat of 4 rooms and bath; coal and
gaa stove: complete for housekeeping; rent
$22 50 per month. 3747 Sacramento 8t.
TURK. 5.12— The Elaine — For rent. 4 nicely
furnished rooms: private bath and phone.
VAN NESS ave., 706 — Two sunny front rooms
complete for housekeeping; ?25.
VAN NESS, 100S — Large i»uhny furnished
rooms: housekeeping privileges 'If desired;
cood board In Immediate vicinity.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pin* st..
east of Van Ness ave.; 6 and 8 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and ara
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manac*
the building, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER tt LENT. i«
Pott tt. '
UP TO DATE — Two elegant unobstructed ma-
rine-view apartments; separate entrances;
gas and electric light; furnaces: 7-11 rooms.
3637-.1G39 Washington St., near Locust; apply
10-12. 2-4. . ,
THE LUNGER. 443 Octavla, cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Nesi— Tht
•cm? of perfection In elegaMIy furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, sras ranges; $30 to $53.
Et. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmU;strictly first-class; steam heat:electrla
ltghts;prlv.;phone;elev.:l to S rms.. with prtv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ET. LOUIS. 1S75 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms also tingle: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open: references.
ELEGANT sunny apartments of 4 rooms and
bath each; every modern convenience. "The
Sterling." Hayes et.. bet. Flllmore &. Steiner.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, 3 and 4 rns. ; open for Inspection.
HADDON HALL.
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
' aj* AnTKrirra WAarrsp.
VTANTED — A furnished apartment of 4
rooms. Box 2542, Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Para, nnd Cnfnra.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 160 ROOMS; 35 8U1TS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTKIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVEKY ROOM:
KUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 76c to $1: HOI-
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
220 Mason St., bet. Geary and O'Farreli.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just completed: entire house
newly renovated; sun in rooms all day.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom els. —New |
house, new furniture: every room outside; '
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 p<rr nlKht, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st. >— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $1 50 night:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
RADSTON. 276 Turk St.; elegantly furnished
• rooms, suites and single; up-to-date; strictly
.firbt class; terms moderate.
m'KNETT. I42« Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshtd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, C70 — Tbe Avalon — Apartments; fur-
nished or unfurnished. ]
BUSH. 772— ?1 per week; small bedroom;
sunny. ■-■*.:>. ■ j
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor — Just
oi^cned; desirably located; minny.aingle rocme
and *uites. with private bathe, hot and e*>ld
watei* steam heat, electric lights, phone
every rex>m; elevator; breakfast If desired. ,
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellhi. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND. 819—2 furnished rooms. $10.
i _— _ ;
j DIAMOND. 819 — 2 unfurnished rooms. $6.
I ; ~ ■
j DUNCAN, near Church — Large sunny room.
' EDINBURGH. THE. 233 Powell, cor. Geary—
| Sunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
'• ULLIS. <511 — Nicely furnished suite; also single
room*: Lath and phone.
i ELLIS. «iS5 — Ijtre- funny rnora; nicely fur-
ni*he-d: suitable fer two; $1S.
KLLIS. r.~7 — Nicely furnished rocm; private
family.
i FERN HALL. S12 Burti— K'e^antly furn. rom»:
ell finny; terms reasonable: references.
FOL8OM. N.'!4 — Sunny furnished room, closet
«r>d Imth: *1 : $1 ?."• a week.
1 Oft t-inrie centleman. In -private .lome in 1 !
I otber roomera). a larre runny furn!f"h< ¥ d
rrxim. with bath adjoinin?: 1 blocks from
park entrance and .t block* from panhandle.
• ' Addrwn l*ox 2H24, Call office-.
; FREDERICK, 057— Well furnished rooms:
GoMen Gate Park vlev.- and Invigorating air;
I reasonable.
. FOR rent — 1 or 2 runny furnished room*;
j light housrkr^ptng. I", e). bo>: 72. Alameda.
GOLDEN OATTC. I4n2— Sunny front alcove
i rf**m: all 'xnvenlercep: one or tw»j gent!em^n.
Cil;AA"l> j-'outhrrn. 7fh and Ml«*.on — Rooms ."55c
to $1 25 night: SI 50 to $0 wk. : readlng-mom.
HARRISON. 7H4V-. n?tr Fourth— Finely fur-
nletu-d sunny rooms, bath; homelike; $t
woek ■ud.
HOTEL DuTerin. 74!) Ellis st.; Just opened:
■ everything new; plectric clevctcr and all
rr.rxlem convarlences;' single room, with r-r
without bath. *lo to (S3; suites, with bath.
MO' to $50; fli-Ft-class Krill: public parlor.
. HOTEL «T. PAUL; *Kl I21lia et.— New house
pnd new fiirnlturr: steam heat; hot water;
free bat»>*: hoi'^e c;wn and elevator rervioe
j all nlrht; transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
| ly at the Vendome. 1104 Market st.
i JF.RSIE. .".(«. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
j *<;; for two, $S. -..
i — — _
: JESSIE. ."C4— Furnl«hed front room to let.
j JONES, 010 — Sunny front parlor for gentle-
• n.an. '
i MISSION, Kt7A— Furnl?h?d rooms by the djy.
j week or month: prices reasonable.
, MCALLISTER. 1CC5A— Furnished frjnt rocm;
rent reasonable : # ' ?'
! NINETEENTH. r.(EW— Sunny Tront furnisheel
rejom, with u?e of kitchen, laundry and
Lath, f'ir a drersmaker. nume or man. and
j wtfe; with an old lady; no children; reason-
j able.
. OFARRi:LL. 77(5. near Larkln— Furnished and
unfurnished sunny rooms: housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 1424— Bright unfurnished room
for lady.
! PINK. 7R.'i— Sunny front attic room, suitable
j for two youwr men.
; ROYAL Houre. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readlnr-rocro. rmoklng-rocm and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $t<: month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SIXTH. 543 — Larre rear room; suitable for
• storage or workshop; *7. Inquire In barber-
j ehop.
j STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furnished
i sunny suites; also single rooms; $2 to $S vvk.
j SirTTER, 1120 — Four sunny rooms, lower por-
lion of residence: suitable for ladles' tailor.
| milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.-, ,.• .
' THE MENDIS. 1141-1151 Market— Nice Mar-
: Ket-st. tulle*. J5 and $d per. week; no tran-
! Fitnt. . •
THIRD, 30S— Rooms. 25c. 60c. 75c and Jl per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3SC7-ZFTont furnished room
•for a gentleman; Mission warm belt.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooas. 35c to f 1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no Ra«). running water In every
room; clevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA, 1103 — Sunny front room; suitable
for two.
VAN NESS ave., 510— Elegant front parlon and
adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NEES. J>26 — Nicely furnished single
-rooms' in modem flat: ?s. •
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 room*-
£9c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Houre. 202 Sixth — Electric light In
every, room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $.". a
week: open all night; convenient to alt cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call ' Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sU.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, - SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 19(k.
I > Robsis 'axp PPj^Py^^-
HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern -conven-
lengca; excellent table. ■■
HOTEL BALTIMORE. -
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
PINE. 777. near Powell st.— Bay-window al-
cove room adjoining bath, with board for
two gentlemen; separate beds: homelike and
comfortable rooms: $5 per week up; central.
ROOM and board for two gentlemen. Box 2070,
Call office. -VC
EARIXOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL. SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING.
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
HOWARD, 841A— First-class board, with room,
single or double, $4 50 and $5 week; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano/
GOOD board and room, private family, for
working girl; $12 60. month. 619', Halght
st. (rear).
EDDY, 824 — Nicely furnished, warm, sunny
rooms: $S and $10; breakfast and dinner If
desired.
THE AUDUBON, cor. Hyde and California—
■ Pleasant rooms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board. . <" V,
DEVISADERO. 451 — Furnished room to let
with board: pas and Water. ■
O'FARRELL. 1420 — Large sunny room for two
. with first-class board: bath: phone. ■:■; - ■
HANDSOME parlors with board: also single
rooms rr housekeeping. ?26 Guerrero st.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
ROOMS AKR HOAUU WANTKD.
COUPLE wUh one or two furnished rooms with
breakfast or board. In modern flat north of
Market Ft. Box 2C1K>. Cr.'.l office.
WANTED — Nicely furnished suite of« rooms;
modern and with all conveniences; state
price. Box 25.12, Call office.
■WANTED — Room and board for man and
wife; must be first-class; state rates. Box
'-571. Call office. ■ -
UOOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN desires large unfurnished sunny
room In private family; Rive fullest partic-
ulars. Box 2641. Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES AKO SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall close at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at 300 Post St.. from 8 to 0 a. m..
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest; second-Tiand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chinet: slightly used: $10, $15. $20: second-
hand. $3. ?5. $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewlne Machine Co.. 1051 Market «t.
WHITE. $5; W. and W..- $5: Domestic. S10;
New Home. $10. QK45 Mission at.
~ STABLES TO LET.
STABLE— To let. 4 stalls. 2856 Twenty-third
St.. near Bryant.' -_ " - -
SPECIAL NOTICKS.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4?
► lamus for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
$30 REWARD for the body of Philip Slmon-
ettl. fisherman, drowned near Sausalito.
ONETO BROS. 410 Bay *t.. city.
I ' ■ ■
j TT7X7.
SEE J. S. C. 114 ELLIS ST.*
And join his concentrated class; 17 actual
winner* In .the lwst 15 day*.
TYPEWRITERS AXP SUPPLIES.
*AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. I
Smith Premier. $25: other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW Rood typewrit-rs et £:0 each: get par-
I —tlculars of I.. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
Igomery st.
2D-HAND typewrite™ sold, rented, repaired.
i Webster Typewriter Inirec. Co.. ROS Market.
j LEGAL Ali\ KRTISKMKXTS.
I IN the Ssuprrior Court of the cil> anil county
I of Son Franclsi-o. State of California. 1'ru-
| fca'.e — In the matter <»l the extate of HARRY
I A. L. FLOYD UOPCBVIC. deceased. No '
! : JO74, notice lor publication of time appoint- ''
j .-d for probate of will. C. C. P., Kec. laoa
Notice is hereby given that MONDAY the
20th day of February. A. I). i«)0|. al i 0 i
a. m. of lhat day. and the courtroom !
' of De:nr1n:ent N"n 111 of t>ald i-ourt. at thr !
City Hall, In the city an<] county of
tan Francisco. Stale of e'allfornia. have o<?«-i
I appointed an the time ;ind place for provin- '
the will of Fald HARRY A. V. KLOYl* ;
GOPCKVIC. deceased, and for hearing th.- '
i applleatlon of HFNRY R. MATHKWs ami
! PETAR M. GOPCKVIC for. the Issuance to
them of Utters testamentary therf-on. |
.Seal) JOHN J. C.RU1F. ClerK
I By E S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk
Rat'-»(J February IR. A. D. 1!MU
lrdorwd: Filed February 15 1004.
JOHN J GREIF. Clerk.
By Ek S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk
JOHN V. I»>VIR hml BIHHOP. WUKFLKR
I it HOEFLHR. Attt rnev» for Petitioner*
' >TfTTEH l.\<t AMI STAMUKHIXi;
I MK1.HOUKNE School. Van Nehs-Mjirket— CuV-
j in every c-ase: Individual tca'-hlni;: no n'.edi-
1 cine, lnq lire into wonderful cure*: humr cutu
SIAKUIAGE LICENStS.
■■---.
Ttie following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ,i % .-,
j (.hark-* A; Spauldir.r. i:^. 7S7 Golden Gate
I ave., ar.d Brrtha Crov.-e, 1M, Mil Ellis street.
I Kills Harrhon. 22. 032 Michigan street, nnd
1 Julia Klnr. II». U22 Mlchlcan.
. Louis Feyock. S5. 1317 Treat ave.. and Rote
Decapper. It), HW Trnnosse-e street.
Wendell H. Dreyfuss. .T.\ 1021 Howard street,
I and Sarah Asher. 25, 1C4 Dore.
'Burton L. Willis, ."..".. 751) > 4 Howard street,
I and Dora Sli^ar, 2^. 71!( Port.
: Angus McLeod. W, 04-"l Folsom street, and
Ar.nen Reck. :;(', city.
Artht'r W. Tesehe, f.7. Alarr.eda, and Ger-
• trude Wllry, 24. Gonzalex.
Ceorite E. Wll3on, Hi, city, and Almeda Gon-
yeau. 51, city. '
I'rlce C. Snydcr. 4«. CfS Eddy street, and
I Mary I. Farrell. :{•>, 1722 Eddy.
i Oscar W. Davidncn, 24, :*ii Fourth street,
! and Alice Kvans, 24. lift Liberty.
! Homer S. Henley, :s2. city, nnd Grace B.
Cordell, '."I. city.
Otto Schlnkrl. 21, SCO .Potrero ave., and
Anna Ever*.' 18. ftt4) Potrero' ave.
i Donald Macdonald. 2:t. ::.';<,»; Sacramento
J street, and Carrie Van Allen, 2.'t, 20.'{U Sutter.
j Vlncenzo Paganucci. T.\, 20 Midway street,
and Assuntlna Delia Magglore, 20, 20 Midway.
/ Fred A. Straub, 21. 404 Kills street, and
Flora E. Meadowcraft, 18, 12TO • 17th- ave. •
Alexander H. Agard. 21. 311 Green street,
and Helena F. Cumpsty. 18. Oakland.
William Luoma, 20. K1O Montgomery street,
and Hilda Ansteen, 18. U10 Montgomery.
Grorge C. Stanley, ."2, San Jose, and Susie
Mcnjres. 25, city.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
ASCHMANN— In this city. February 13, 1904,
to the wife of F. G. Aschmann, a son.
EGGELING— In this city, to the wife of Henry
KcKe-llnjr. a daughter.
REILLY— In this city, February 14, 1004, to
the wife of Arthur Reilly. .(nee ■ Riley), a
daughter.
REYNOLDS— In this city. February 1.1, 1904,
to the* wife of M. L, Reynolds, a daughter.
RICH— In this city, February S/1004, to the
wife of Henry D. Rice, a son.
~~ MARH1ED. >
DRYSDALE— HOGAN— In this city, February
16, 1004. at St. Mary's Church, by the Rev.
Father Wyman, Robert Drysdale and Mary
K. Hogan, both of this city. -
HARDING— DAY— In- this city. February 16
1B04, at (Trinity Episcopal Church, by the
Rev. Di. Clampett, Harvey T. Harding, of
Nome, Alaska, and Bessie E. Day. 'daughter
of Charles Thurber Day, of this city.
1 DIED.
Anderson. Carl Leon, Alvln
Cahlll. George L. Littleton. Edwin W.
Collins, Thomas . Miletich. Anton- -
Croke. John P. . Munk, Christof
" De Witt, • Dr. T. B. Murray. • Mary
Ebblnghausen, E. L. O'Leary. Lucy
Falcone, Emlllo O'Loghlen. A. J.
Gibson. James C. Powers. Julia C.
Hendricks. Arthur L. Ryan. Thomas
Houston. Emma Rosenzwclg, Hannah
Kimble. Anna B. Toombs, • Bertie D.
Laiuer, Charles ' Troy, John J.
Lange, Sofle ' ' " J Warren. ■ Clinton
ANDERSON— in this city, February 20, 1004
Carl, beloved husband of Marie • Anderson!
'. and father of Louisa Anderson, a native , of
Denmark, aged 40 years 6 months and 12
days. A member of Pacific Lodge No. 1.1C,
. F.-and A. M., and ; Montezuma" Tribe No. 77,
• Imp. O. R. M. .
%ZT Notice of funeral hereafter.
CAHILL— In this city. February 19.' 1004,
George Louis CahiU, beloved son of J. L.
and Mary E. CahiU. and brother cf John E..
Charles F. . and Arthur B.\ Cahlll, Mrs.
Evelyn Avery and Mrs. Edward Chrlstenson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years and
10 day*. . -■ •
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
■' (Sunday), Pt 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1413 Hayes street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -
COLLINS— In- this city, February 18. 1904,
] Thomas Collins, a native . of Ireland, aged
00 rears.
C7M»ss will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 7'o'cle>ck a. m. at the Chapel
of the Passion attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital, r Flrst and 1 Bryant streets. Monday,
February 22. Funeral will take place at 9
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of McAvoy
& Co., 1239 Market street, near Ninth.
CROKE— A requiem high mass for the repose
. of the soul of the late John P. Croke will
be • celebrated' In St. Mary's Cathedral at !)
o'clock a. m. on Monday, the -22d lnst.
Friends are Invited to attend. -
DE WITT— In this city, February 20. 1004.
Dr. Thomas Byron, beloved husband of
.Sarah and father of Hugh Byron de Witt,
a native of Missouri, aged 55 years.-
C7*The funeral will take place at Masonic
Temple, Monday, February 22, at 2. o'clock.
EBBINGHAUSEN— February 19, . 1004. Ed-
ward L. E. Ebblnghausen, beloved son of '
the late Henry Ebblnghausen. and 'dearly*
beloved brother of Henry. Alvln, Laura and I
William Ebblnghausen. Mrs. J. A. Spamer
and Mr*. H. F. ' Horstmann, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years. ' •
FALCONE— In this city. .February- 20. 1904,
Emlllo, dearly beloved son of Julia and the I
" late Aecfcllno Falcone and brother of Aros-j
tino, ' Vlncenzo. Angelina. Matilda, Beatrice
and Atillio Falcone and Mrs. Mary Ripanl, j
and brother-in-law of Domenlco Rlpanl, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 years 0
months and 20 days. - .. I
GIBSON:— At -Presidio of San FrancWco. at 1
the quarters of Lieutenant J. L. Huxhei,"
February 10, 1004, James C. Gibson, beloved !
father of Anna Gibson Hushes, a native. of .
Kentucky, aze-d C8 years. : . ■ ,
CTFrlcnds arc respectfully Invited to at-
tend t''«s funeral services Sunday. February
21. 1!»C4. at 2:?.O o'clock, it Post Chapel,
Interment Presidio Cemetery.
HENDRICKS— Parsed Into spirit life. In this*
Pity, February 20, 19O4. Arthur Llewellyn
Hendricks, dearly beloved son of Emma
Hendricks, and brother of the late Raymond I
Ilcndrlckn, a native of Denver, Colo., aged j
22 years and 9 months. . /. • |
HOUSTON— In -this city. February 20, l!)04, |
Emma Houston.! beloved mother of Mrs. Da-,
vid Marx and the late John Houston, a na-
tive of Scotland, aced 76 years. [
KIMBLE— February 20, 1904, Anna Barbara,
beloved wife of Charles W. Kimble. a native ,
of Carthage, Ohio, aged 4:1 years 10 months
and 20 days. (Cincinnati and .Hamilton,
Ohio, papers please copy.
CNotlce of (tneral hereafter. ■ Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 190!> Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
LAINER— In Fruitvale. Cal.. ' February 19.
1!M»4. Charlee. beloved husband of Minnie ,
I.alner. father of Hilda, Hubert. Carl and I
Wlllielmlne Lalner, and brother of Richard ;
Lalner. a native of Helllgfe.istadt. Austria,
aged 47 years 11 months and 20 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the itineral to-morrow I
(Monday), nt 1 o'clock, from th« Alcazar |
bulldlnir. where funeral services will be held J
under the auspice of G?rman!a Lodge No. j
,^71S. K. of H. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LANGE— In St. Helena. February IS, 1901.
Sofle. loving wife cf Henry Lance, and
mother of Charles. Caroline, Henry, Philip.
Sotte. William, Hattlr, Chester and Elisa-
beth Lange. - • . > •
ETFunei-al service Sundar. February .21. i
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment St. Hel*-na. . 1
LEON— In this city, February 10. 1904. Alvin ;
Lton, beloved «on of Edward and Mary G.
Leon, a native or California, aged 9 years
H months and .30 days. . . j
E7 Friends and acquaintances arc respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the- funeral to-dity
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock; from the residence of i
the parentF. 1410 Kentucky street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. ■
LITTLETON— In Alameda. Cal.. ' February 19, |
19C4, Edwin Wilson Littleton, beloved , hus-
band of Florence Kelley Littleton, son of
the late Captain M. and Mary Littleton. ar*l
brother ol W'.D. and Mary M. LUtlcton, a
native of Iowa, ared 49 years. j
I MILETICH— In this city. February 18. 1004. j
Antcn Miletich. beloved son of Maria and
the late Nicholas Miletich. and brother oc ]
Nicholas. Stt-plK-n. Jof'n and Mathlas Mile- i
tlch. a native of Zupa. Dalmatia. aced SO!
i yeair H montk.8 and tt.days. A member of
Slavonic I. M." B. Society and (Croatian B.
Society Zvonhnlr No. 01.' N. C. S. i
(CTFrlendM anil acquaintances and mem-
bers of the above societies are Invited to ]
attend the funeral to-day (Sunday) at 1
o'clock, from I'ythian Castle, !KW Market
sired, where services will be held under i
the auj-olces of. the Croatian B. Society
Zvcnlmlr. Interment .Holy' Cross Cemetery. |
Remains at parlorp of McFadden, McBrearty I
& Green. 1171 Mlfslun street, -between Sev- '
enth and EUhth. ■■ .
MUNK— In this city. February 19, . 1904.
ChrlJtof, d?arly beloved husband of Katir
Munk, and father of Millie Munk. a native
of Germany, ayed 41 years 1 month -and S
day*. A member of the Vereln Elntracht
and of Brewery Workmen's Union. __. . j
ICTFrknOs and acqualntance-s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl- ',
elence. 7*5 Hampshire street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth... Interment- Mount
Olivet Cemetery. '.I
MURRAY— In Ihe City and County Hospital. !
February 2(\ VM'4, Mary Murray, a native of
New Yoik. o?ed 3S years. i
O'LKARY— In this city. Februac' 20. 1904.
Lucy, belovel wife of John O'Leary, and 1
me ther of Peter nnd GeorKe. O'Leary and
Mis. lU'lusfo, p. native of the parish of Mul-
locli. (.'otiTlfy (lar«. Ireland.. \'j
(CT Not ice of r..nei»I !-.freafter. Remains j
nt the 'larlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7K7 |
Mission Ptieet, b-tvve en Third and Fourth.:
O'LOGHLEN— In this city. February 20, 1904, '
Andrew J.. beloved husband of Mary ■
O'Leifhlen. nnd father of Mrs. G. F. Gray
nr.d Marcella O'Lo^hien, aged 73 years.
POWEF.fc — In <:iIh city. Ft-bruary 1». 1901,
,'ullii C. beiovrtl wiie cf the late l'atrick
I'uvv rs>. and mother cf Michael Power* of
Seattle, nnd vltleriot the late Daniel and
John .Co'lli-.s. a native of. farlrh of fallen. ;
County Kilkenny. Ireland. , (Grass Valley.
Cal.. and Seattle-, "wash., papers pleasj
ccpy.) - .
' cyKrlendrt and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Inv It'll to ntt.nd the funeral Sunday,
nt 1 :•"<> o'clock, from her late residence, 774
liHrrisi.ii st;ect. thence to St. Patrick's
«. hurch. • on Mi»Klon street, between Third
nnd Knurtb. for servlc-s. Interment Holy
\i I'riMWl Cfmetpry. ,.
IIYAN — A month's mind requiem high mass will
be celebrated lor the soul of Thomas Ryan
tii-mt rrow (Monday), at St. Joseph's. Church,
Tenth street, at » o'cle>ck. Friends are re-
spt-ctlully Invited to attend.
ROSENZWHIG— In this city. February 1». 1004,
Hannah Rownzwelg. beloved wife of Isidore
Kos-e-nzweig, and sister of Henry and Milton
Goldsmith, a native of San Francisco, aged
."5 years S months nnd 17 days. (New York
and Philadelphia, Pa., papers please copy.)
C Friends and acquaintances ar*> rcspect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. lir.0 Ellis st. Interment private. In
I Home* of Peace Cemetery.
TOOMBS— In Oakland. Cal.. Fcbaiary 20. 1901.
Bertlei Douglas Teombs, beloved son of Mrs.
M. E. Phillips, and brother of Chester B.
Toombfi of Standlsh, Lassen County. Cal.. a
native of California, aged 20 years 2 months'
and 2 elays.
TROY— February 20, 1904, John J.. beloved
son of Margaret and the late, Michael Troy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years S
me.nths ard 21 days. ■■
ET'FrlenrlB and acquaintances are rejpect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral .Tuesday,
February 23. at ■ 9 o'clock, -from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-220 McAllister
street, thence to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.,. ..
WARHEN— In this city. February IS, . IC<M;
Clinton Warren, beloved won of J.nnrs M. •
.ind tli- late Catherine Warren, a native of
Pan Francisco, *k.<i 40 years .1 months and
!) . days. A member of the I Stationery En-
gineers' -Union. Local No. «4.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Incited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at. 2 o'clock, from' the funeral narlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avtnue.
Interment Cyrrvss Lawn ' Cemetery. '
TO the officers and members of Younir. Men's
Institute: The annual requiem mass for. the
deceased members of the Young Men'n In-
stitute will be celebrated at St. Mary's
Cathedra! on Monday. ■ February 22. at 10
a. m. • Frlendn are respectfully Invited to
attend. Board of management. ■ ,■■ ■
3. A. DUNLEAVY. President.
A. J. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
IGNATIAN Council— Relatives and friends of
the living*, and deceased members -of Ig-
nntlan Council No. 35, Y. M. I., aro Invited
to attend the annual solemn high' mass of
requiem to be celebrated' In" Holy Cross
Church. 1S18 Eddy street, on Monday morn-
inc: February. 22, at 10 o'clock, for the re-
pose of the souls of all deceased members of
the Young. Men's Institute. \
KENRY J. CAriACHER CO.
(Successors to. Flannagan &* Uallagher.t
DANIEL P.- DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALME11S.
20 Fifth it., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80..
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors' and " Embalmers
Formerly In' Metropolitan Temple.
Now at HtiR MISSION. Tel. South 1«7.
.Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth »t.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Hate».
F. J. MONAH AN. Manager. Tel. Mission 3L
MONAH AN, ;0 J H AR k:& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
• KiS»-2U41 Miaalon at., near Nineteenth,
; Kan Franclaco. •'
CYPROMENE HAS A NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DESTRUCTION
The British ship Cypromene, Cap
tain Patterson, forty-three days from
Salina Cruz, in ballast, had a narrow
escape from . destruction early yester
day morning" on Mile Rock. The story
of (he vessel's danger and of her res
cue by the tug Relief v.'as told in yes
terday's Call. The vessel's identity
ivas not learned until several hour3
after this paper had gone to press.
The Cypromene, favored by a flood
tide and light westerly wind, sailed in
through the Heads shortly after mid
night and had the breeze remained
constant would have reached an
anchorage in the quarantine grounds
with little trouble. The wind . died
down, however, and the Cypromene
was left to the mercy of the rushing
tide. The anchor was let go. but found
no holding place and the ship drifted
In the darkness toward Mile Rock, one
of the few menaces to navigation re
maining in- the harbor. Fortune fa
vored the windjammer and as she was
swept by the jagged peak all went
clear but her rudder, which struck the
rock lijjhtly. Distress signals were
burned and , rockets fired, but before
assistance arrived a light wind sprang
up, and, slipping the anchor and forty
five fathoms of chain, the Cypromene
got under way and sailed clear of the
danger.
The tug Relief, which responded to
the signals, took hold of the Cypro
mene about 1:20 a. m. and towed her
to'an anchorage. The life saving sta
tion sent. a boat to the vessel, but for
tunately the life savers' assistance was
not required.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Exiwrts by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose, which sailed ytsttr
day for Panama and way ports, carried cargo
for Mexico valued at $.;:).!: Central America,
$42,250; Panama. $o&>0; Colombia, $1014; New
York, $40,5l'(J. The leading exporjU were as
follows':
'Jo Mexico — 20 crates potatoes, SCO lbs dried
fruit, 'i pkgs groceries and prov.bicn*. U21 teei
lumber, .( pkfcs machinery, t baled rubber hose,
12 kegs nails and fcpikts. 6.SJ lbs yellow metal.
To. Central America — 541* bblu flour. TS! i
gal* (i cs wine, 1CJ4 Ib3 dried irult, 1315 lbs
•> C*> bread, <ii74 lbs spices, (S1S0 lbs coetnsh. 4
cs bottled beer, 5U1 lbs .sugar. 10 gals 21 a
whisky. 118 pkgs groceries and provisions, Kt
cs canned goods. V crates onions, ljt) crates
potatoes, 16 fkgs table preparations, 12.;n lbs
lea, la pkgs paste. .I'.tl lbj cheese. 101S lbs
h&m and b<ui>si. lbs 1 cs meals, 15 cs 7
pkgs Miln-.on. So" lbj sago. :»OO lbs s-alt, 1582
lbs 4 pkgs raisins. 101 ctls barley. S cs liquors.
14 pkgs fresh truits. 2-J pkes agricultural im
plements, fil pkgs paints and 0H3. 20,«8:; Ibr
cement. 2i,01<> lbb tallow. 22 bales sacks, till)
cs ccal oil; i:» cs soar>, o'O reels wire, 20 coil*
rope. I'O cs ammuniticn. 10 bales leather. '2
arums acid, Hl.pkgs dry goods, 12 pkgs ma
chinery. 77i>!> tals cocoanut oil. 10.832 lbs soda.
.".K"><| lbs resin. 41 pkgs vehicles. 20 cs luse. 40
■ski) coke, .42 bars steel. 11 pkes drugs.
To Panama — 1150 bbls flour. 517 gals wine,
575 bxs soap. 27,424 fett lumber. lt» bbls
cement, 17 cs cannea toodj, 2 cs plows, ". cs
machinery, 5 pkgs mlllwork.
To Colombia — 120 bbls flour, to gals 15 cs
wine. 1.S4S lbs sufrar. 10 pkgs mineral water.
I.1S7 lbs rice. 120 lbs tea. 5 pkgs groceries and
provisions. U cs canned Roods. 10O.1 lbs beans.
II pkjrs drugs. 25 cs salmon. 22C2 lbs lentils.
20 crates fresh vegetables.
To New York — 6N.776 irals wine. 75 cs honey.
4CO.2D0 pips read. 17.SC0 lbs. lead dross. 11.4C0
lbs dry hides. T>0 bdls junk.
The steamer also carried the following ship
ments- To Ecuador. 35 bbls flour, valued at
$14."J; Peru. 11 pkgs machinery and 7 pkjts
eirufrs", valued at •?5«4: Relgium, 1C8.100 lbs
dried prunes and 1 cs tools, valued at $20><>;
Holland, til. COO lbs dried prunes, valu'el at
S2flOO; France. 2I.T bhla sea shells, valued at
560C0; Germany. 30.CC0.lbs dried prunes, valued
at *700. -
Escorts for Ilnwtiii.
The bark Kalu^ani was cleared for Honolulu
yestsrday with an asyorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $42,5:s7, and Including the following:
1CU0 bbls flour, lets ctls barley. 15." 4 bales
hay. 4P2 ctls coin. 50.C0W Ib3 rice. 5.'(.4!>5 lb*
mtddll!i8s, 70 ctls wheat. 2"Bt ctls oats. 571 cs
canned gejod*. 2«> pkgs Broceries and provisions.
1200 lbs nifuls. 110 bxs paste. 50 bbls salmon.
1S.007 lbs bean?, "550 lbs 11 cs meals. 20 pkgs
table preparations. S72 lbs chocolate. SOW lbs
rai«ln«. 1«S.S54 lbs lard. V«> sals 40 es whisky.
40 casks beer. 25 c-3 champagne. 2C5O jrals 25
cs wlne.^17.130 lbs br.'ad. ll.SOo *lb.i salt. IOOO
lbs dried' peas. 17 cs baking powder. 075 pals
vinegar. 3!tll lbs 5oda. 140 cs candles. 15i$ pk«s
oils, 100 tons fertilizer. 1CB cs sasollne. 110
coll? rope. la", cs soap. 4:1 bdl? leather. 7u00 lbs
:: cs manufactured tobacco. 1 1>70 pes pipe and
fittings. 25.020 feet lumber. 120 bdls shocks, 1
cs hats. 1 horse. t-S'-y'*
Siovcmcnt or Steamers.
TO. ARRIVE. ';
Steamer. From. | Due.
San Pedro Crays Harbor I Feb. 21
U.-.W* Elder.. Portland & Astoria j Feb. 21
Eureka Humboldt I Feb. 21
(Jueen l'tinet Sound Port !■...'. I Keh. 'It
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma IF.b. 22
O. Llndauer. . Portland .|Feb. '.2
Coronado Grays Harbor ' IFeb. 22
Claverlng Hngkng v. Salina Cru:|Feb. 22
Anubts riuinburs & Way PortaiKeti. 2-
Slerra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 22
State of Ca'... Snn Diego *r Wav Pts.lFeb. 22
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IFeb. 2T
Tellus Oyster Harbor IFeb. 23
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 23
Donlta Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Chehalis. r... Orays Harbor Feb. 23
Spokane...... Humboldt .'. Feb. 23
1'o.Tif Point Arena k Albion.. Feb. 23
Seo.uoln...'.'. • ('rays Haibor...: Feb. 2«
EllVabeth Coqullle River ...IFeb. 24
Mimuhls Seattle (Feb. 24
Oregon Portland ft Astoria IFeb. 24
Doric China & Japan [Feb. 25
Czarina. .1... Coos Bay I Feb. 23
Acnpulco New York via Panama,. IFeb. 25
Point r \rcna. . Mendoclno t: Pt. ArenalFeb. 2-T
Sanfif Rosa.. 'Pan Dlepo & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
Pomona Humboldt s IFeb. 2(1
Coos Bay.... San Ptdro & Way Pts.|Feb. 2«
CityPuebla.. Puset Sound Ports. ..". IF-»b. 2<«
Curacao Mexican Ports IFeb. 27
Rival........ Wllls»r>a Harbor IFeb. 2«
North Fork.. Humboldt IFeb. £!>
J»arle... Seattle & Tacoma I Mar. 2
Umatllla Pwret Sound Ports ,'Mnr. 2
Rainier .< Seattle &. Whatcom.;. .IMar. 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails.) Pier.
, : 1 j
February 31. | |
Coon Bay... Fan' Pedro- A: "»Vay. ftamiPlertl
S. Rosa..... San Diego. &, Way. 0 am Pier 11
February 22.
Pomona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier »
G. W; Elder Aiturla & Portlandlll am Pier 2*
• .,:.. rerrnary 23. I . • j
Homer Coos Bay direct. .|IO am Pier 2
North Fork. Humholdt I 5 pmlPier 2t>
Chico •... Cewjullle River | 3 pm|Pler 2
Eureka..... Humboldt I S) am | Pier 13 .
February 24. I I
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.lll am|Plerl0
W. Kruger.. r^is Angelei Ports. I 4 pm'Pler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd| 4pm|Pler 13
. February 25. I |
Spokane.... Humboldt .11:30 p Pier 9
Porno ....-IPt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier '£
State Cal... I P»n Dleg<v&. Way. » am Pier. 11
Bonlta. ....-' Newport Jc Way.. !) am Pier. 11
Onren Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier U
v ■'■■ ' j February 28. |
T akme Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier 20
Centennial . Seattle & Tacoma: | 5 pmjPier 20
U Llndauer. Astoria A Portlandl (Pier —
Fll-abeth .• Coqullle- River I 5 pmjPier 20
Cla vexing... Hkong v. Portlandl |Pler 20
e'hma .. .1 <"hlnn &> Japan 1 1 pmll'ler 40
Co.Snrdo... Ornv* Harbor I 4 pm Pier l.»
«an Pedro.. Humboldt ....'.....I 4 pmlPier 2
February 27.- |
Pt Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcno -4 pm Pier. 2
Oregon Astoria & Portland II am t'ier 24
City Panama N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Memphis...-! riambure & Way. 2 pm Pier 19
j March 1. I I
City Puebla.l Pugei Sound Ports. Ill amli'ler 0
March 3. I | ■ '
Sierra...... j Sydney fc Way 2 pmjPlcr 7
*"".- . FROM SEATTLE. ■ •■
Steamer. .1 : For. , Sails.'
Farallon.... ..1 Skasvvay & Way Ports. Feb. 22
J. Dollar.....! Valdez & Seward. .....|Feb. 23
Al-Ki........ Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 23
Cottage City.. I Skagway;& Way Ports. I Fab. 20
Dolphin...... I Skagway & Way Ports. JFeb. 2fl
Dlrlso... .. '.-.•. Skaxway & Way Ports. IFeb. 2i<
Excelsior.....! Valdez &■ Way • Ports.. |Mar. 1
Time Ball.
Branch Ilydrographlu. Offlc*. "U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Kxchafime. ' San Francisco. Cal.,
February 20. 1904.
The Tlinti Ball on " the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly, at noon to-day—
I. '••', at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p.' m. Greenwich tlme.'^ J.' C' BURNETT.
■ Lieutenant. ' U." S. N.. . In chars*.
URITISH SHIP CVPROMENE. WHICH WAS CARRIED ON* TO MILE
ROCK EARLY YESTERDAY .MORNING AXD ONLY SAVED FROM
DESTRUCTION BY A TIMELY PUFF OF WIND.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
•Jim*- and Height of High and 1>3W Waters
at ' Fort Point, entrance to San KrantlncJ
way. Published by oificial authority of the
- - Superiajtendmt.
NOTE— Th» high and k>w waters occur at
the city '.rent (Misiion-street wharf) about 2i
n-.inutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. \
SUNDAY. • FEBRUARY 21.
Run • rises 6:j3
Sun sets '. ..:..:;.■..-. 5:Zi
Moon sets 10:53 P. m.
D ITimel ITIme! (Time! ITIme
•> Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
? |H \V| |L W| |H -vV| |L W
21 2:21] S.0 S:V<> 1.5j 2:4rt| 4.11 S:32| !.!»
22 :::0«J! ft.I a:.K> 1.4 :{:50| 3.9 ft:2l| 2.2
•r\ .1-47 5 110:40 l.lf 6:101 ■ 3.«|10:17| 2-«
24 4:::r| 6.211:47 «.7l («:.V«| 3.6ill:24| 2.7
C5 .-»::0| 5.3lI2:42| 0.4| 7:541 3.9 1
20 I O:r,u! 2.S| (i:4"t 5.&I 1 :C0! O.«J S:53| 4.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ere given In the left
hand column and |he successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
"loiirth time column gives the Ia3t tide of the
day, exce-iit when th*re are but three tides. -as
Mifii* times occurs. The heights given .are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey oharu. except when a minus (— )
slgr. pi-ecedts the heljrht. and then the. number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by
Ihe chart*. The plane of reference Is the mean
of th- loner low waters. .
Shippinir Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
,• > " ~ Saturday." February 20.
U S stmr Nero. Shurtleff. IS days from
Panania. r .- « - - ■
Stmr Pomona. Swar.son. 10 hours f»om Eu-
Stmr Del Norte, Green. 41 hours from Cres-
Stmr Greenwood, Thcinpson. 15 hours from
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar,
bound south: put In to land passengers.
Stmr South Bay, Jamie son. 40 hours from
Re st°inr°Francls II. Leggett. Reiner. 104 hours
from Seattle. •
Stmr San Mateo. Ross. 4 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Olympic. Han?en. 4 days from Belllng
ham. bound to San Pedro, put in to land sick
pasoencer. _ •
Stmr North Fork, Jacobs, 27 hours from Eu-
rtmr Al-joa. Lockett. 45 days 6 hours
from Manila, via Hongkong 33 days IS hour*,
via Yokohama 22 days 3 hours.
Br ship Cypromene. Patterson. 43 day« from
"ship Marlon Chilrott. Williams. 15 days fm
Il^ n ch" James Rolph. Olsen. , 13^ . days from
Hala ' ... .'.-. CLKARED.
* Saturday. February 20.
Stmr Umatllla. Patterson, Victoria, etc.,
P. C. S- S. Co. • - ~r
Stmr Cocs Bay, Nlcolscn, San Pedro, P. C.
S. S. Co. ' •
' ■ Stmr San Jose. Brown. Panama and way
ports. P. M. S. S. Co. -
Stmr Alameda. J5owdell. Honolulu. J. D.
Spreckels & Brcs. Co. - „•
Stmr Texan. Morrlgcn. New York. Pujret
Sound and Honolulu. William*. Dimond & Co.
Br stmr Wyefield. Wataon. ' Nanatmo West
ern Fuel Co. • .
Br ship Thtef.e. England, - Portland. Or.,
nr.sstcr. ' ■ . .". . •' ",, ■ .
Bark . Kalulani, Colly.. Honolulu, Williams,
Dimond S-. Co. \ ' .'-.'.■
sailed. :■: ::.
Saturday. February 20.
U S stmr Buf ard. '.Hall. Portland.-
Br stmr Wyeneld. ' M'atson. Nanalmo.
Stmr I'olnt Arena. Miller. Mendoclno.
Stmr, Phoenix, Odland. Eureka^. ' ;
Stmr South Coast. Olscn. Caspar.
Schr Transit. Kllntborn. I*uget 5?oUnd.
Stmr Mandalay. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr ' Olympic. Hanscn. San Pedro. -
Stmr Arct4c. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
S-tmr Acme. Saullt: Eureka.
Stmr Alameda; Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Redondo. Kre>g. Eureka.
Stmr Umatllla, Patterson. Victoria and Pu
get Sound oorts.
Stmr San Jose, Brown. Panama and way
port*.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn. ■ Coos Bay.
Br ship Gen Roberts. Murdock. Sydney.
llr ship Fall« of Dee. Doty. Newcastle. Aua.
Bark Kalulanl. Colly. Honolulu.
' achr John G. North. Syo»trom. Port Gamble.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
- 12 p m— Schr ' Ncrth Bend.
TCLKGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Ffb.'2O.' 1(» p.- m.— Weather
foggy; wind feW. ..velocity of S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC- PORTS.
REDONDO^ — Sailed- Feb 20 — Schr Columbia,
for Port Townsend: stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco.
Sailed Feb 20— Slmr Brooklyn, for San Fran-
C WRT TOWNSEND — Arrived Feb 20— Br brk
Holywood. hence Fcb 13; Tir bark Dunrerean.
hene-e Feb 11; schr Wtnslow. from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 19 — Stmr Valencia,
from ValeJes.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr James Dollar, from
Valdaz. -vnBlsWPBBHnMRsW
Arrived Feb 20— Stmr "Iaeiua. hence Feb 17.
UMPQ.UA— Arrived Feb - 17— Schr Beulah.
from San Pedro: schr "Lily, hence Feb 13.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived - Fcb 20— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Feb 10. «-
SAN PKDRO— Sailed Feb 20— Schr Alvena.
for Port Townsend; schr Caroline, for Ump
qua: schr Alice McDonald, for Port Townaend.
Arrived Fcb 20— Shlj> Bangalore, from Port
Lcji Ar_eler.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 20. 3 p m— Stmr Ar
cata. for San Franclxco.
Arrived Ftb 20— Schr Esther Buhne, from
Ridondo.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Arcata. for Saa Fran,
clsco.
WISSLOW- Arrived Feb 20— Schr Mlndora,
fre>m pert Los Angelas.
BANDON. OIL — Arrived Feb 20-rStmr Eliza
beth, hence Feb 18.
EUREKA— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Eureka, for
'Tan Francisco; stmr San Gabriel, for Sau
Pedro.
Arrived Feb 20— Stmrs W. II. Kruger and
Lalraie, hence Feb It); stmr Spokane, henca
Feb 19.
ASTORIA— Palled Feb 20— 8chr Clenda'.e.
for Sr.n Fraft^isero.
Arrived Feb !?0 — Fr bark La Bruyer*. frora
Port L0.1 Angeles.
TATOOSH— Passed in Feb. 20— Br bark Zln
ita, hence Feb 13 for Port Townsend. Passed
out — Stmr Centennial, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM— Anchored In . bay Feb 20— Ship
El well, from Hadlock. for Sydney; Ger bark
Admiral Tegetthorr, from Antofagrasta.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Feb 20— tftmr Chehalis,
for Sin Pec!ro-
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb 20— U S «tmr Al
batrc£&, hence Feb IS.
- ,- ISLAND PORTS.
' HONOLULi;— Arrived Feb 1»— Stmr Ventu
ra, hence Feb 13. ,
Arrived Feb 20 — Schr Helene. hence Jan 30;
stmr Rosecrartfl. from Alcatraz Landing. Cal.
Sailed Feb 20 — U S stmr Supply, for Saa
Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived Feb 19— Br stmr ladraw
adl. from New York. 1
Sailed Feb 19— U S stmr Solac?, for Saa
Francisco, via Guam and Honolulu.
Sailed Feb 20— C S stmrs Albany and Cin
cinnati, for Shanghai. '
EASTERN PORTS.
: NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— Br stmr M*
nanttc, from Callao.
Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Saratoga, for Colon.*
. . FOREIGN PORTS.
.HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 30— Br stmr Pin»
Su<?j*. from Liverpool for Tacoma.
DUNGENESS — Passed Feb 1*— Br ship "Wa
vertree, from Newcastle. Eng, for San Fran
cisco.
CUXHAVEN— Sailed Feb 17 — Br ship Dur
bridce, for San Francisco. *
UEACHY HEAD— Passed Feb 19 — Br ship
Asle from Antwerp for San Pedro.
DUNKIRK— Sailed Feb IS — Russ stop Glen
ard. for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Lyra, fra
HAKODATE— Sailed Feb 10—Br stmr Mis
souri, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb CO— Stmr Korea.
'nAGa'saKI— Arrived F«b 20— V 8 stmr
Thomas, from Manila, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
' NEW. YORK— Artved Feb 20— Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen; stmr Patricia, from Ham
burg, via Boulogne and Plymouth.
Sailed Feb 20 — Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ply
mouth. Cherbourg and Southampton: stmr
Kroonland, for Antwerp; stmr Neckar, for Na
ples: »itmT La Touralne.' for Havre.
FIUME — Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Auranla,
from New York, via Naples.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 2«>— Stmr California,
from New York, via NapUs and Marseilles:
stmr Nerd America, from New York, via N»>
P Sailed Feb 20— Stmrs Georglc and Etruria.
*° ANTWERP- Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Finland,
for New York. ■
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From race Forty-Three.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Feb. 20—12 m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
vlDha C« CS Justice. Ctt C8
A pna c . OT i-entu^ .... C3 ' 04
vndes ":.*"... •« 43 Keyea Graes.. — 1 75
'r^lrher --• =* 35 Lady Wash.. — 0«
[>it I Belch-2 10 2 25 Mexican 1 75 I SO
Bullion .... " 12 Occidental ... S5 90
Cal" Ionia . . . 1 C5 1 10 Ophir 440450
chaitngec*, 3« S ;overmaai.:: =* »
i -hollar 2° 22,Potoel I« 17
tonfldence ...1 W 1 2O Savage 54 53
vn (- &' Va-1 «3 1 TS Scorpion «: C4
Con Imperial. 02 03;Se K Belcher.. 07 f-8
Con V Y .... 0« 05! Sierra Nev .. SM 54
.Crown Point. 25 W' Silver Hill .. 6« «
' East Sierra X — '5 9t Louis .... — 17
Fureka Con... — 50 Syndicate ... 04 C5
Exchequer ... 13 15. Union Con .. SC M
Gould & Cur. «. 44 [Utah 2O 2t
Hal« & Norc. »" 1 OO : Yellow Jacket 43 SO
j u Ua <M C3!
TONOPAH .MINES.
Eld. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — IT Ray Ton 13 —
Kspe-ranza ... — , 01 Ray & OBrlen — C«
Clpsy Quetn. ' — 24 Reacu* C3 CO
Gold Anchor. 12 1." Ton Belmont. 4S 10
Cold M Con. — 0«» Ton &.Cal.. — 2O
Hannapah — 13!Ton Exten ..65 —
Mannapah Mu — 25 Ton Fraction. ' — 40
Little" Ton .. — 1 00 Ton of Ney..ff 12H —
MacN'amara . — IS Ton N Star.. 34 35
Mlipah Ex .. 11 — |Ton Midway. 40 41
Mont Ton..l 37^ 1 40|Ton Superior. — 12
N Y Ton .... — 03 United Ton .. .— • 12
T'ayrnaster ... — 11 West En<J .. M —
Kar Exten . . — I*.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Monday a legal holiday. f! ".C
Local Bank Clearings make a slight gain for the zceek. I __,
Wall-street Stocks easy on, the day. Cotton higher.
Semi-patiicky conditions reported on European bourses.-
Local: Stocks and Bonds still in light \ demand. , : V>
Sterling Exchange very firm. Silver unchanged. \v
Weekly statement of New York banks considered. excellent.'-
Wheat still excited and : rising everywhere. ■' \. > - &}\
Bariey^ughcr and active on the local excltangc.~-
Corn continues to rise. Oats and Rye firmly held. .
Local millers advance Flour 20c per barrel. .
Corji. products and Rolled Barley marked it />. ;. .
Bran, Middlings and ether Feedstuff s firm. ' .'■ ■. .
Hay selling zvcll at the recent advance.
BeaH market higher and in much better condition.'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and weak.
Dried Fruits continue firm in the East. ~
provisions expected to advance to the Chicago level:
Wool in light stock end firm. Hides steady. Hops unchanged.
Beef '; '-Mutton and Veal steady and Hogs easy.- -- *.?
•Potatoes and Oni-qns in lighter supply and finn^
Southern Vegetables higher under smaller arrivals.^
Poultry all. cleaned up at .the dose.. Game higher.
Oranges rather more active, but still. in heavy supply. -
.To-Morrozv a Holiday.
To-morrow b«ing Washington"* bir»h4ay and
a Vgal holiday, business will be suspended
thrmighout tfcf United State*.
Bank Clearings.
_____
Local Baik Clearlr.-* during the week just
•c«e<l -were-- ?2«.7J9.436. against S2S.259.564
durirur the caico -w«ek in 1903 fhowicg a gain
cf "*453.¥T2. ' .Tie clfsrir^s during the cor
respending uetk in IIKC -were $20,014,033.
Xe-ji' Grain Trade Rule.
The Grain Exchange ha* pested a new rul»
that her*«ft»T all trades in futi^ee mutt be
on the regular session* of the Board, and trad-
Ir.g around in hallway* and corridors will not
be- recognized.-' All trading must cease when
the gor.r sour.ds. Trading off t^iEions-will be
runishTd by a fine for- the firt-t off«iJt*. «us>
r^rmicii for the second, and if advisable, ex-
I'Ulsion for the third.
£: Spirit of the' Markets.
New Tcrk ■nires to Mitchell. Mu!ea>.y & Co.
yesterday rtr^rted a semi-panicky ccn-lition
on all the foreign '->oursen over the war and
arrrehenFionp cf ether* to follow. Foreign
ers werc-stliing ->ur stocks. The storm center
was et Paris. »h«?rr i*ie bourse «u thrown
Isto (JlscrdtT by the :tr»crt that Ru/sia had
4'fs.uTteyJ era her bcr-i interest and That .tht
Tif-nch and- Rbw'.sb Ministers had left Lon
<li~r./ Wall are«t stocks wrre ««.«>• and ner\-
«..ut- ir. tpfte r>' the weekly bank statement.
» r;ch *es tr>nFid»>r» ; '1 excellent. Whfat con
tJrTTrfi to riee at Chicago. Cotton was higher.
Weather Report.
ClSOth M-rtdian— PariHc Tim".)
BAi( FRANCISCO. , Feb. 20—5 p'. m.
The fc!Io»ir.£ are the seasonal rainfalls to
date a« ops-.;.-- . with those of the ft&nie date
last t-eesoT end the rainfall in the last-twen
x\-iour ht -rs :
Last Thie Last r
Malices — 24 Hours. SeaF-rn. Season.
Eureka O.<>4 -23.2S 40.75
E*d -BJtfff W.U1- ' 1*>,7« 11..M
Sacramento <».00 0.10 11.24
San Fran.-isc^... O.OO 11.27 -ll.«W
Ftj-fho <'.<«J ' _-47 T..72
Indejf! j«-nce ... O.O9 1.26 1.S1
S. L. Obirpc V.0<> 3.42 11.65
Lo« Angeles... .. 0.00 2.50 fc.W
Eaa Ditto O.OO 1.73 &.G5
THE COAST RECORD.
" "' " T 2 S T 5
" 7-i •?■= S.2 tfi S
j =E £; <: *o i
STATION.. .'f'lf.rlirgS f? =
;»•! . '.
Baker SO.lo H2 IS SE Cloudy .<«
Carson 30. 02 . r 2 S« #\V Cloudy .«0
Eurek* 30.02 49 4S S Cloudy .04
F-ralion 30.09 r.2 5"» NW Cloudy .(«
Tretrm 30.08 flf» 4*» E Pt.Ody J<0
FU««t*ir 29.80 -£2 1% W Clear .00
Poeatello 3O.li» S4 2S S Cloudy T.
Icdependence .K».S4 <v» S8 KE Pt.Cldy .<>0
Los Angeles.. 2&.9S 70 46 \V Clear .i>0
lit TamaJp_ls.3ft.ll Bl 39 Xff Cloudy .00
North Head.. 29.94 42 44 £E Rain .42
J'olrt Reyes.. 30. fi5 !-3 4<i NW Cloudy .<K>
Phoenix 23.00 70 44 W Clear .<>«»
Portland 23.08 48 3S E Rain .03
R»l Bluff !fc».K» f.2 44 NW Cloudy .01
Roceburg 2S.06 44 34 E Cloudy .10
Fecrarrsent-j . .80.08 M 46 FE Cloudy .00
Bait L-Xe 30.04 42 30 TV Cloudy .01
=*n Francisco.S0.12 M 48 f?W Cloudy .00
B. L. Obl*po.30.0« 6S 48 TV Oear .00
Eaa Diego 20.M «2 48 NW Clear .00
Ee&ttJe 2».»8 42 32 BE Rain .25
Spokane 20.10 3S 28 S Cloudy .<<0
Tttooeh 29. 8S 4O 34 E Rain .32
W&Ma Wai:a..30.04 49 *4 SW Cloudy .01)
■WSnnenvjcca...3«>.02 44 30 6W Cloudy .00
Yu:na 23. SO 78 48 N Clear .00
WTATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tfce presjrare Is tailing rapidly alor^- the
coast of Nort^e^n California. Conditions are
becomJnr favorable for raia over the central
a.nd. ncrtiern rortioa of the State. The tem
pVraiure has fallen elowly in the Sacramento
\illcj-; flwrtm: conditior^ are non_al.
The following maxircura wind velocities are
peported: Northh«*<!, 32 relies, southeast;
Wimjemur-ca, 2K fcouthwert.
Forecast ir.ade at San Francisco for thirty
boors, ending ■ midnight, February 21:
Northern California — Raln> Sunday; light
southerly wind*.
fcouthern - «"a!ifornla — Fair Sunday; light
rjfr^l'.eart wir.da. changing to westerly.
"Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, probably rain or
*z r 'Vir; tiiSfk southerly wini?.
" San Frar.cisco ar.d vicinity — Clourty Sunday-,
prefcab^y rain; freeh Bouthcrly winds.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN" .MARKETS.
AVrn York Money Market.
■ N*4W YOKK. F«b. 20.— Close— Money en call '
jt? n£>mir.*l ; no loariS.
Tin:* tear* were *r£sy. PIxty and ninety days, '
j^jSii j«r oCQf.; fix n:onth». 454% per cent.
Jinm* mKrcfnlili i-aptr. 4*itfri'» jwr -«tat.
Sterling- cx>.-h4ngr was Srm. w.1th actual bun
ker* tn :iar.kcr«- bills at S4.S6123& 4.KC3 fvT
Stnand, and fit $lA-tff;*.Sa25 for *lxty days.
* i'oeteS rat»^, %t 4^!'i anJ $i RC'i.
i*a^ tll^**r oS^*. *
AtchiSi'n pi J ' 10w M T /4 W"J . t-SV*
Pj!timtrr & OhU?. 4.OXW 7Z\i 73'i 75%
r$uU & OMo T'fd S7
•«nadii.n i > 2'--lf.<- # .. -MX* lir.'i 114^ 114»i j
Ontr&l of N J 1(>1> W? W.i 1*«H !
t7>*» A: Ohio «•» » 30 2O><~'2»\ \
CTlcaso & Alton..-: 'M> M% SO'.; 3»»>» ,
O.I * Alt<*n-pfU • C2 .
rhi & Ut Western. «7»f> 13 UH 1*\» \
rfcicaro * X 1<" 1«3 1«S I62Ji 1
rTil Mil & Bt Paal. 8.500 l=3»i 120% 133 j
CM * 6t P pfd... 172
Chi Trrrn & Trans 8*4
riii T&Tpfd..... 209 JOU 1*>T; JK«,.
(i C C A *-'t Louis , 72
rn\n - Southern 3rtrt 15»i 14«J» 15
Oolo So m pfii. - - - 2*> S2U H2\± Z2 ' ;
CN-I & Hudson..... «J'K) :i» 139' i^M
r>el I^fk & «'ert 2.VJ
r>riiv*r & • Rl« Gr. . 100 13 13 ■ J»
Ocn A. 1U» Cr ptA. S00 C7H 67U «
Frie . ........ 4.S0O "24 !23^f 23^;
Krlelst r>fd ,,...» --.l.TOO - lS2vi ; «2Ja
Erie -2(1 rfd &OO 4OU oiK-n
Hodomc Valley .. '. " ...."- --•• <'-'j
HccJt • Valiey pM j - • • ; ,- • • ; • » «f "
Illinois Central ... 200 127S '!»» a rr*
lewa Central ...:.. : - •■■•• -*-••. "
Iowa Central rid j f; "J
K C Fouthwa *^J»
Ua££Zt£tai2rr.~. ' i'ioo ioii, fyeti lot -
Manhnttan L CCO- »1'». 141** 141?*
Metrovwl .Securities. 100 8? 8<j •
Met Street R>" ....... .- ? •-•- a i"
Minn & St Lou!? ••■• r ;5,
m st p & s s m.. 100 w** 60^ ;«oji
M SP & KS M pfd 100 11SU HSU 118%
lUaaoorl Piaelflc ... 2.000 K) **?* f&%
I Mis Kstr.si & Ttxas. Wi 1J T » la-.g 15%
M K & T r.'J 5V 4 *
ISRHofM^pH «;••,::•- .*f5j
I N Y Centra! **> 114 114 11.1ts
I Ncrfclk & Wf»t... KK) &« &"'?» w
1 Nor & W*et pfd «
Crntarto & Western. ' 2'*) 2oi 5 . '-'0% »)?»
r«nr.5.V,vania ■ IS, 900 114% 113\ 114
P C C &. St Louis •">",
Rtadir-p 2.400 41U 41 41%
I Reading lot pfd... 400 (*) 79 .9
1 Keadinir 2d pfd »%
I Rock IrlanJ Co lS.r.<» 21S -' l \ 2" s *
• Rork Ir'ard Co pfd 1,400 60 l « 59% 59%
St L & S K 21 pfd *- u t
St Ivjuis S "W 13%
Bt l s w pfd r/xt si *-; r>i% r.i
Southern Pacif.c . ll.i«00 45 44 % 44%
Southern Railway . 1.5f*> 19% 19% 19%
Southern Ry pfd.. 4W W> 80 £0
Texas & Pacific ... l,<»*> 2:«^ 22% 22%
Tol St L & West.. 300 U3% 22 23%
T St L & W pfd •....-....' 33
Vnlrn Pacific \Q.4>JO ■ " r >h " 6 % 761 i
Union PaciRc pfd.. 300 89% fc!>% f3%
Wahafh - .;.."•■.;.. -18
I Wabifh rfd 300 34>* T.4% 34%
Wheel & Lak* E 1* %
Wisconsin Centra].. «00 1SU 17% IS
Wisconsin Cen pfd 40
Kxprres Companies —
Adam* • .... 220
American » l^ 5
I I'nifd St?te« : 1TO
WHlF-Fnrg^ :• .... 205
Miscellanecuf —
Amalgam Copper.. 2I.7*» 45% 45»i 4»>!i
An Car 4- Found ' . .- ..19
Am Car & F rfd . -••• tJ7 -
Am Cotton O.I -29.
Am Cotton Oil pfd SS
Am»rican Ice 7%
American Ice pfd.. 100 30% 30% 30%
Am Liwd Oil 100 0% 9% 9
Am Linseed Oil pfd 27
Am»r Locomotive.. 1.900 22", 22 22
Amer Loco pfd "
Am Smelt & Ref.. 100 47% 47% 47%
Am S A Ref pfd &"%
Amer Sugar Ref... 3,100 123 •% 123% 123%
Anaconda Mb Co.. 800 02 «l ' «1
Hrkljn Rap Trans. 11.000 40% 40% 40%
Colo Fuel & Iron 30%
Consolidated Gas... 2;4OO 191 s i 19O 190%
Corn Products 500 IS 17% 17 1 *
Corn Products pfd *9
DiMilJers" Sees. 2."%
General Electric... 40O 1P3 Ifi3 1«
International Paper 200 11 , 11 11 .
Interntl Pap»r pfd 0» x i
International Pump • 33
Interntl Pump pfd. ...... .... .... 71%
Naticr-el Lead »H
North American s 2-i
Pacifli Mall ••■' 2t;ri
People's Gas 400 OS 05% ftiS*
Prested Steel Car 2S--
IT»?» BCar pfd...- ..... «S%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 210 210 209
Republic Steel 100 7«i 7% 7%
Republic Steel r'd 43
Rubber Goods 100 19^ 19% li)%
Rubber Goods pfd ..".. .... 76 .
Ter.n Coal & Iron.. 400 3Ti% 33% 3.'>%
\: S Leather ew 7 7 *i%
U 8 Leather pfd... 1™ 7rt% 7f.% 76
U S Reajty 100 7% 7% 7%
X- S Realty pfd 500 53% 53 53
I* S Rubber ;-• •••• '2*4
U S Rubber pfd... 300 4.*i 47% 47
US Steel..... 1.5W 10% 10?i 10%
U 6 Steel pfd 5.700 56% &** 5«
Wertlr.gbousa Elec. 200 159 159 1M
Western Union 100 87 87 . 8.
Northern Securities 91
Total tale* 178.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — No bond transactions
AMERICAN' CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. 3"i: asked. 4. Prefemd—
Bid. 34; aeked, S4%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 6 ref 2s reg..lO5 L & N Unl 4s... 98%
Do coup 1C5 Manhattan c'g 4s. 103%
Do 2s reg 100 Mex Cent 4s .... «4%
Do c -up 10« Do 1st Inc' 12H
Do new 4s r«g. 132% Minn & St L 4s. f>5%
Do coup 132% M K & T 4» ... 97%
Do ol3 «s reg.107% Do 2ds 77%
Do coup 107% NR,of M?x con 4s <J»i
Atch *en 4s .... 99% N f C gen S%s.. 97
Do adjt 4j> &i N J C gen Cs...l29
Atlantic C L 4s. «2% Nor Pac 4s 102%
Balto & Ohio 48.101 Do or 70%
V O e S3«» Nor &. W con 4s. 97H
Cent of Ga 5s... 105% OSL 4s & r«rtic. 01%
Do 1st !nc 67 Pa conv CVi*-.. 83
Chen & O 4%«..103U Reading pen 4s..' 96
Chi & Alton 3%e. 75% SL & I M con 4«.112%
O II & Q new 4s. «2 S L & S F fg 4s. 73%
O M 4 R P K 45.108*4 St Louis SW 1st*. 0T
Chi & N W c 7*.129% Seaboard A L 4s. OS
C R I & P R R 4s C7% So Pac 4s SS'S
Do col r.g K0 So Ry 5s 112
C C C 4 S L r «i 97»i Tex & Pac lsts.llft
Chi Terra 4s 78 T. St L &. W 4s. tf>
Con Tobacco 4s. S5% Union Pac 4s 1(^2*4
Colo & So 4? 85 Do ccnv 4s S5%
C F & I conr Bs. 72% U K Ste<?I 2d 5s. 72%
Denver £- K O 4b. »7=4 i AVabash lrts ..ll.%«4
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 -Do drb B «»%
Do Gen 4* W - W & L Erie 4s. S3
Ft W & D C lsti.10." Wis Cent 4«..... 63
Hocking Val 4%9.10o%i ■
NEW YORK MINING! STOCKS. •
Adams Con . IS j little Chief 07
Alice 25 Ontario '-4 SO
Brcece IOJOphlr 4 00
Bruns Con ...... fi5<Pfcoentx .......... C18
Com Tur.r-e'. ... CCjPotosl. 14
Con Cal t<. Va... 1 WV, Savage" 48
Horn Silver 1 20, Sierra Nev. ~ 45
Iron Reiver 1 50: Snail Hopes .... 20
LeadvWc Con C2iStandard .2 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.')
Money- 1 - • United Fruit 97
Call lnfriH ♦ C5 U S Steel :..: 10»i
Time loans 4*iSJ»'.i Do pfd.... r.rt
Bonds— Weytimr Coamon. 73
Atchiscn 4s 07*i Mining-
Do adj 4s S7 Adventure I"i
Mcx Cent 4« C3?i Allcucz 3%
Railroads — Anal Copper .... 4<;%
Atchison C~*i Amer Zinc U
Do pfd 8SJ4 Atlantic 7
Boston & Albany.245 Binghum 19-7i
Doston & Maine. 160 Calumet & Hccla.445
Boston Elev ...137% Centennial 17*
Fltchburg pfd....l3C Dom Coal ........ 5.1
Mer Central 10 1 Franklin S%
N Y N HA H..191- JGrancy ...' ..' 3%
Pere Marnuette. . 70 ilnle Royal e ...... 7-»4-
Union P«tc!flc... 7G% Mass Mining ■".' ". . "~'i
MUcellanecus — Michig-an ."";'.' • fl
Amer Ar^e Chem. 13'J Mohawk .'... Xi
Do' rfd..' .'74 Mont Coal & C.\''Z%'
An-er Sugar 123% Old Dominion.... 10
Do rW 123 Osceola ..; £5^*
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1904.
Amer Pn»u Tube. Z% Parrot 22%
Amar T«I A Tel. .120 Qulncy 81
Amer Woolan.;.... 9% Shannon 8^4
Do pfd . 70 ■■ Tamarack ..100
Dom Iron * S. S% Trinity 4%
TA Elect Ilium. 234 U S Mining .... 20%
Gen Electric 161 L" S Oil t
Maaa Electric 1S^ Utah 82%
Do pfd 75 Victoria. ' 3
Mass Gas 38% Wlnona 5
Un Shoe Mach..4il W'olverln* ' 70
Do pfd 2S • '
London Closing Stocks. '. :,
Cons for money.. 86 IN T Central 11 C%
Do fcr acct..SC l-16,Xor & Western.. 57;i
Anaconda 3\« ( .Do- pfd,.. .• S9
Atchison C7"'»!0nt & "Western.. 21%
Do pld ;... 01 \\ Pennsylvania 58>4
Eal & Ohio 77^| Rand Mines ...: HVs
Can Pacific ... .118«g! Reading 21
Ones & Ohio ao*i Do 1st pfd 40
Ch! Great V~?t.. 15'),!- Do 2d pfd..:... 2S'i
C^hl. Mil & St P.142SiSo Railway 1J»%
De B*ers l»% Do pfd 82
Den & Rio G 1»%iSo -Pacific ...".:. 4«
Do, pfd C9>4 Union Pacific 78«4
Erie 24% Do pfd 01%
Do 1st pfd 04>4 U S Steel 11%
Do 2<J pfd 41^. Do pfiJ 57%
III Central 131 Wabash 1S%
Iv>uis & Nash. ..105 Do pfd 35
M. K & Tex 16%
.Ear silver — Quiet. 27V»dper ounce.
Money — 2%<g3 per cent.
■ The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3*h<@Z% per cent and for three
months' bills 3 6-16S3H per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NSW YORK, Feb. 20.— FLOUR- Receipts,
12,000 barrels; exports, e600 barrels; market
firm, in sympathy with wheat: Minnesota
patents, Jjj:." 40; Minnesota bakers, $5^5 35.
WHK AT— Receipts, 1005 bushels; spot mar
ket. Etrorse; No. 2 ml, $1 06 elevator and
$1 OC#1 12 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 03%. f. o. b. afloat: No. a hard
Manitoba, nominal, t. o. b. afloat. Options
opened bteady and later were irregular. Cabled
were strong and consols lower. Another sharp
advance occurred by reported buying by ' Ar
mour Interests, and the closing -was strong at
l€3 3 gc net advance. May. II O23i$l 04, closed
at II 04; July. 96 U-lCi«K)»4c. closed at"99%c;
September closed at 92%c.
HOPS — Firm: State, .common to choice, 1903
crop. SOifoSc; 1902 crop, 24x2Sc; olds, lO^^o;
Pacific Coa*t. 1903 crop. 27ff35c; 1002, 24e"27c;
olds. H»©15c. ? • ■ ■ •. 1 --
HIDES— Firm; Galveaton. ISc; California.
19r; Tt-xas An-. 14%c.
WOOI^— Firm; domestic fleece, 2$932c"
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 2 13-16c;
centrifugal. 1>« test, 3 ll-32(g«3%c; molassis
b-ugar. 2 9-1022 ltt-32c; refined, steady; No. 6,
4.05c: No. 7. 4<;: No. 8. 3.»5c; No. 8. 3.90c;
No. lf>. 3.85c; No. 11 3.80c; No. 12, 3.75c;
No. '13 3.70c: No. 14, 3.65c; contectloners' A.
4.30c; 'mold A. 4.S0c; cut loaf and, crushed.
5.15c; powdered, 4.55c; ' granulated, 4.45o;
cubes, 4.70c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 lnvolco.
7Vic; mild, steady; Cordova, SH®13%e. Fu
tures closed quiet at a decline "of 15@C0 points;
«i!e? 70,000 bags; March. 5.7Og5.75c; May.
5. "OS*?: July. 6.10c: August. 6.20@-<5.25c;
September 6.40g^.50c; December. 6.60g-6.70c.
" DRIED FRtJITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet; common, 455c: prime, 5%@5^c;
choice; 5iig«c; fancy. 6%07c.
PRUNES— Firmer at from 3%c to ,6%c. ac
cordins to grade.
APRICOTS — In light supply and firm; choice
are quoted at fi-%S10c; extra choice.- 10%@12c.
PEACHES — Steady; choice, lUG'lic; extra
choice, 7%@SUc; fancy, 0@10c.
New York Metal Market. -
XEW TORK. Feb: 20. — No. important bue!
neEs was consummated in local metal markets.
but ms a rule prices -were steady at yesterday/ b
ba£!s.
Iron was dull, with the demand flat, and
prices nominally unchanged. ' •
Tin unchanged. Spot, 28.37 %@2S. 85c.
Copper dull. Lake. 12.G2%S 13.00c; electro
lytic and casting, 12.37 %?rl2.62%c. •
I>-a<l firm. Spot. -4.5O*i4.«0c. :
Spelter firm at 5.00<&5.10c
■Nezv York Cotton Market*'
NEW TORK. Feb. 20.— The cotton market
closed quiet and. featureless,, with prices fluct
uating within narrow limits. . :'v
Exports- and Imports.
NEW. YORK, Feb. 20. — Imports of dry goods
and general merchandise at the port of New
York were valued at $8,396,399. ' ' • "
Impdrto of ep^cle to New York for th«' week
were 522. SO." in gold and $1107 silver.
ExpoJ" 18 of rpecie from New York for the
pa?t' week were' $743,536 In silx-ep and $16,700
ia ;old.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 20.— Tha wheat market
opened excited and strong. Shorts were
) active bidders for the May option and initial
I quotations on that delivery were- unchanged
j to l%c higher at $1 02% to $1 04. July opened
j %c higher at 93®93%c. The advance was
i due mainly to the strong cables, Liverpool
futures being up a penny. Paris ?iSlc and
Antwerp lv*c a bushel. The gain at Antwerp
was , taken to be especially significant a-s
caused by threatened stoppage of • shipments
from -Argentina and Russia. . A report , t-tated
that railroad employes In- Argentina were on
the verge of a strike. The transportation , of
troops and war munitions In Russia is greatly
restricting the movement of , wheat In that
country. In addition to ■ the bullich foreign
situation ■ conditions in the United States were
ruch as to cause alarm as to 'the suf
ficiency of the domestic "supply. The -.de
mand from fhorta was met promptly by cell
ing orders for the account of the leading long.
Small holders also had wheat for eale. -Alter
touching $1 04 May quickly dropped to $1 02%,
while July declined to 92%c For a short time
the market held comparatively steady around
theee llgures. • As soon as the 'selling stopped,
however, prices again moved upward under ur
gent buying by shorts. The fact that the
board would be closed on Monday, Washing
ton's birthday, appeared to. me materially ef
fective in bringing out the heavy buying or
ders, traders being loth to remain short over
the two days' recess. Late In the session there
was practically no May wheat on the market
and shorts were bidding V'»c to %c over the
market price in order to get It. The high
point was reached at $1 07, .a gain of 4%c
I over last night'a close. The demand for July
I was almost as good as wae that for May,
I but there was more of the deferred future for
j sale and the advance was not as sensational.
1 The price for that delivery rose to 9Cc, or 3%c
I above yesterday's close. Realizing sales fe-
I suited in May UecJining to $1 05%, while July
j fell back to 94%c. Another rally followed the
last few minutes of trading. May closing at
$1 03»i and the July at »5%c. - Clearances
of wheat and flour were equal to 350.000 bush
els. Primary receipts were 475,000 bushels.
May corn opened unchanged to %c higher at
C<j%c to 5tfUc, but declined gradually to 55% c.
May later advanced to 67%c. Although profit
taking carried the price, down from the high
point, the close was strong at 56*,i@57c. July
showed a gain of closing at 55c, after
ranK'.ng between 54%c and 55%@55%c
J There was an active trade In oats, with the
' best demand coming from shorts. After open
ing unchanged to V4c higher, at 45% to 45%c,
May sold between 45%c and 46'ic. closing at
45%ci July wa* up l%c at the close. Final
figures were at 41'Jic. '.
The provision • market was active and strong
throughout the entire day. Buying by pack
ers and outsiders, together with covering by
Fhorts, were the factors that resulted In gains
throughout the whole list. .May pork closed
I 37%c higher, lard 15c higher and ribs 3c up
i Flour was steady. ' Winter patents, $4'!1Gsj
» 10; straights, $4 60(94 60: spring patents.
Si 4C#4 SO; straights. $134 50; bakers, $2 70
®3 70.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
* Articles — Open. High. Low. • Close.
Wheat No. 2— ,' r •',
May 1 04 1 07 1 02% 1 05%
July, new ..93 9fl ' -«2% 03%
• July, old ... i>n\ 0«!*'- 93% »fl
Sept. old ... SS% 01% SS%. -»o%
Sept.. new _ S7?i ( 90 8T »V 89%
February '..". •• .* 56%
May Wi B7% ., ,V.3i . &7
July 03 ' 55% 643, .' 55
' Oats No. 2 — ■ . - • •
September .. 35?i . '37 \i 33 U 37
February ... 42% .,43 42% 42*i
May 45%. 4CU 45% 42«i
July 40% 42% 40% 41 \L
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 15 70 18 00 ' 15 60 15 95'
July 15 47% - 1C 00 15 47% . 16 00
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 7 !12Vi. SOS... 7 I>2% S C5
July' 8 10 8 20 . 8 07>- '' 8 17%
-Short Ribs,. tier 100 pounds*—
May -.7 55 7 77% 7 M) . 7 72%
July ........ 7 53 ,782 755' .7"62%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
• CHICAGO. Feb. 20." — Cash quotations were
as follows: No. 2 eprtr.g wheat. 9Sc<S?l O4; No.
:i. 90c<ff$l C2: No. 2 red. .$1 Ol^gi OU; No. 2
coin, 53%c; No. 2 yellow. Ct^c; .Xo.' S 'oats,
42»«tf?43%c; No. 2 white, 40c; Nor. 3 white,
43Q10UC; No. 2 rye. 73c; good feeding bar-
ley, 41043c: fair to' choice malting-. 4S@5Sc:
$1 18^4; prime timothy seed, $3 25; mess pork. ,
per-bbl, $15 7S@15 87^; lard, per - 100 lbs.
$7 77*467-85; short- ribs 'sides Ooose)," V7 '30<6;
7 V2\i: short clear sides (boxed). $7-50-37 73;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, 111 15. ■ • ,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....'........-. 25,700- ' 33.500
"Wheat, bushels .'.'. 27.400 :• • 37.6OO
Corn." bushel* '. . . . 248.S0O ■'! 157,300
Oats, bushels 132.000 178.200 ,
Rye. bushels '.. ;:..■: 4,800 2.200
Barley, bushels 37.SOO 15, WO
Livestock Market.' r
CHICAGO. F«b. 20. — CATTLE — Receipts,
200 head:- market nominal. Good to prime,
steers, $4 9035 75; poor to medium $3 5Ot»*
4 SO; stockers and feeders, 52 50^4 15- caws.
$1 «0@4; heifers. $2@4 73;. canners. SI HCn'l CO
bulls, $2©4 50; calves. $3 50Q5 CO.
HOGS — Receipts, 15.000 head:' Monday,
i 45.000; market 5c. lower.- Mixed and : butchers'
$5 luff?" 50; good to choice heavy, $5 4i(tr> ST.;
rouirh heavy, $5 10^3 40; light. Si C3S5 20;
bulk of sales, (5 15Q5 40."
•SHEEP — Receipts. 20C0 head; sheep and
lambs steady. Good to choice- wethers, Slfj'i -CO;
fair to choice mixed, $3 S0@4 25; Western
; sheep. $4 20©5 10; native Iambs. $ig5 73;
Western lambs. $igG. .* • - - -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. *
CHICAGO. Feb. 20.— On the Produce . Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm.
Creameries, 15©25J4ci. dairy, 12^@22c.
Ejrgs were easier at mark; cases included,
j 2S@30c.
Cheese firm at 10^§ll*ic •. . •
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. \ May. . July.
Opening 6 9% 6 8% 6 8%
Closing 6 9% C S% 6 S%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 fiO 22 S.">
Closing 22 70 22 95
Flour— . . ■ " •
Opening 31 10 31 10
Closing 3105 3130
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Teh. 20.— Wool, nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and. clothing, 17£21%c;
light fine, 15317%c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@30%c. , ; . ...
Northern Business.
'"SEATTLE. Feb.'. 2O.^Clearfnss;.,.$6C6,222;
balances. $110,170. - - . 11
TACOMA, Feb. 20. — Clearings. $369,579;, bal
ances, S31.495. . ...
PORTLAND, Feb. 20.— Clearing." $417,461;
balances, $107,507. .:
SPOKANE, Feb. 2.— Clearings. $308,261; bal
ances, $62,992. ' ■ '...«.
■Northern Wheat Market.
Oregon. , ;
PORTLAND. Feb.- 20.— .Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77@78c; blue stem. 82&S3c; valley, S2c.
WASHINGTON, j v
TACOMA.' Feb. 20.— Wheat unchanged: blue
stem. S2c; club, "Sc. •;' • . «
LOCAL • MARKETS. '
Exchange and Bullion.. .
"All quotations were unchanged,, but Sterling
Kxchange was quoted ,very_ strong.
Sterling. Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83 s ;
Sterling Exchange, sight-..-. <-. — ' 4 80*i
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S7\
New York Exchange, sight , — 12%
New York Exchange,' toiegraphlc. — 15
Silver, per ounce ....1 — t -69
Mexican Dollars, nominal — < -48
Wheat and .Other Graim.
WHEAT— The. foreign markets continued
strong' and futures were' sharply higher.
Chicago Jumped from 92%c to 06c and closed
at 65%c. Houses with foreign connections
were very good buyers of July.
The Chicago wires of Mitchell, Mulcahy , &
Co. said: "Another active market, with prices
at close 2 to 3 cents higher. Foreign market*
wfre'agaJh sharply up. " There, was during the
first hour or ,so enough scattered profit-taking
to ho|<7 the market about steady, but later, on
the Mjmjational characters! the political news.
It advanced- -sharply. : It . -did not hold all the
advance. Market has had a , big advance. and
there is a large scattered long Interest, which
will make It vulnerable to anything In the way
of.new* that la unfavorable to prices. At the
fame, time the awakening of interest in Euro
pean markets. on account of the war and the
curtailment., of Russian shipments haa tended
to place the market In, a less, artificial position
than heretofore, although prices here are still.
In the. main, out' of line: for present business."
This market was . sharply higher In futures,
sympathetic' with Chicago, May rising 2%c and
December 4c. The cash grain, however, was
not as firm as on the preceding day, as the
rapid advance has caused buyers to hold off.
There la no pressure ! to sell, however, and
quotations show no further change.
:> CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40S1 45; California
White Australian. $1 50*21 55; Northern Club.
$1 40^1 45; Northern Bluestero, $1 50@l 55
per ctl.
FUTURES.
- Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
*-^ ■ • ■■' 1 Open. ■ High. Low. Close.
May $150 $150. $148 $1 4«*i
December ... 1 47U *1 48 1 40 j . 1 46«i
BARLEY— The week closed on a very firm
market, with : May l%c and December l%c
higher. As previously mentioned, the advance
In futures Is ■ mainly due to • the attempt of
large holders to market the'r holdings and take
their profits. - In addition the advance in Wheat
has had 4ta natural effect, while some shorts
have helped the market up by rushing to cover.
Sales during the past several days have been
heavy. - - - .-,-:.-...'.. . .. -: ..
The cash market is responding sluggishly to
the advance In futures and the Improvement In
quotations is ' fractional, while the demand is
not urgent. The feeling In. firm, however.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12%<81 15; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 17%<31 20; Chevalier. $1 17%<?1 40 for
fair to choice." ; ■ : . •- •
. ■• FUTURES.
' Session- 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open/ High. Low. Clone.
May $1 10% $1 11% $110% $111%
December ... 1.06# .106% . 1 C6 106
OATS — The . market shares the ! firmness of
Wheat . and Barley and Is quoted very firm,
though prices stand as before. "Offerings con
tinue moderate. - . . . .
White, $1 27%S1 37%; Black. SI 2S#l 55:
Red, $1 25©1 32% for feed and $1 3001 35 for
«eed: Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — Beth Western and State are now sell
ing at the same quotations and the market
rules very firm.
Western sacked. ' $1 57%if?l 40 " fcr Yellow.
$1 37%®1 40 for White and SI ."..Vfcr Mixed:
California • larco Yellow, $1 37ii«M 40: small
round do *1 CO; Whit*. $1 37%*Il 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and ■ ?l.iO for
brown.
RYE — $1 3031. 32% v*r ' ctl:
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75$2 per ctl.
Flour and 'Millstuffs.
The local millers advanced Flour 20c- all
around yesterday. - - .,
Mill? lulls are ruling very firjn and an advance
,ln the near future'ls not unllkelv. especially if
the raw grains continue to rise.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 SOtt
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, *4.T0©.V
Oregon and' Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl. .-■■..-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: . Graham Flour. ■ $3 25 per ICO lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25;. Rre Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7i Corn Me.al.,$:t 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $104 23; Buckwheat
Flour $4 5004 73;. Cracked Wheat. $.: 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole W^eat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 2508 CO; in sacks. S« 7£@S 10:
Pearl Barley $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Greta
Peas. $5 50 .per 100 lbs. . .
Hay and ' Feeds t it fts.
Rolled Barley arid Corn Meals are higher.
Other Feedstuff* ■ arc* 'unchanged. Bran- and
Middlings continue firm.- . .^
The Hay market continues In good shape for
sellers, "being' firm at the. high prices. Receipts
are not large.' and when the daily, quantity for
tho Manila order is '.taken, out they, are really
small. '-.'•" -' • ' . :
BRAN— $21©22 per ton.- /«.;•• -■ . •'■■
MIDDLINGS— $27 WJfe29. per ton.
I SHORTS--^.$21©22 "per ton. : '
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barlev. f24«?23 -per
ton: OUeak* Meal ' at :-th«- -Mill, $2»-fi0fiSl;
jobbing. S32: Cocoanut Cake. $21©22: Corn
Meal $5h>- fiO©JM> 60:- Cracked' Corn; $30«i31;
Mixed .Feed. $22@2:»: : . 'Horse, > Beans. ,
40 per tonr'-Broom Corn Feed. ftOc per-ctr. ■
HAY— Wheat. $15^lS-vO: -Wheat and Oat.
$15®18: -Oat." 515^17,50;.. Wild Oat, $.14@1U;
Barley, $W«515; Stock,. nominal— ncne ben;-Al
falfa, il2613 W> P«r ton.'; ■ • ■[■ : . ■
STR A\V—50e75c. per. bale. , . ■ .... ... • . .
• "■_ j . Beans a;id Seeds. ; ;
The i market for ', Beans is ■ attracting ' much
more attention. In the first place,', weakness
has' been "succeeded by firmness. . as the situa
tion. haa',become stronger, ail. over, the
Russia 1»' buying ! Beans In Europe, VNew York
j stocks ., are Jbelng rapidly _exhaustedj r and ..th« T
"Xlichigan" marliel''? Ts" 20c'. lilgher. .' TSef' farmers'
in California and Michigan .now hold most of
'the Beans, as' the- dealers all -over.' the country
are -carrying very few. This situation Is very
bullish and is resulting . In a stiffening of
pri<»s all along'the line. Colored Beam are
especially firm and Reds and Red Kidneys are
scarce and In few hands. Large Whites are
higher again, with 'much more demand, while
Llmas and small Whites rule very firm. Pink*
are a* strong as ever under moderate supplies.
There is - sow no " 'weak description on the
market. • ' . . •'■"".'■ - ' ■
Beans are hereafter to become a part of the
market for produce futures on the Grain Ex
change and will .be subject to the regulations
governing " transactions ' In wheat and- barley.
The committee on grain has under considera
tion the. selling of Beans on time contracts In
carload lots of 40.000 pounds. Inspected like
grain. and under the control of a bean com
mittee of five chosen from members of tha
Bean trade. The commission for buying and'
selling will be $5 per car and the margin on
contracts L5c per cental. - the goods selling In
centals- instead of by the *ack. This -is the
present proposition, as 'posted oath*. Grain Ex-'
change, but I it may be modified before it is
finally adopted. . • ' . . :
BEANS — Qnyos,. $2 35©2 60; P#a.»$3;, But
ters. $3 60; small White. $2 «&©n tO: - ?arge
White. .$2 50@2 70; Pink. *2 90©3 10;' Red
$4 M)(S'4 .73; Lima. $3 25«r3 33: Red Kidneys.
*i « r »(Hg i 75; Blackcye, $2 15#2 25 per ctl; Horse
BeanF. $2@2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. S3 75#4; Yellow
Mustard. $3fi3 2C: Flax. $1 SOffl 90: Canary.
Kesv.p for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14gl4%4c: Rape.
1V462C: Tim»thy. C<?6%c; Hemp. 3%03%c per
lb: Milleti 3®3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $2O©21
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
.' As usual "en Saturday the Potato market was
quiet, but a .firm' feeling ' prevailed, j as stocks
in- first- hands- wr-re limited .ther; receipts
continued - light, 'less than 1000 sacks, being
tu eived. The steamer due from Oregon to
morrow iVEuid to have only 3C00 sacks, and
if the c?.rgo is of high grade, prices will be
Hktlyto advance.' Small Oregon' Burbanks
n-t-re In good requVst-for seed at 80©90c per
cental and Garnet Chiles and Early Rose,
which.' are -used for the same purpose,- were
firmly b»>ld at the previously quoted rates.
Sweets were unchanged, with the market grad
ually cleaning up. - Onions continued to ad
vance unciti scant . supplies. A car of Ne
vadant c4m? In late tn the day and was firm
ly held at the top quotation.
All descriptions of Los Angeles vegetables
ruled firm under scanty supplies and a steady
demand end prices were higher all . around.
Tomatoes were the ' most "plentiful descrip
tion, but were wanted for shipment north, and
the market cleaned, up well. Supplies of all
other kinds were insufficient ,to satisfy the
demand. Mexican Tomatoes , were 'offering at
$1 25<gi 50 per crate, but moved slowly.: the
Los -Angeles article being preferred.' -Mexican
Green Peppers cleaned up, Chile bringing^ 30c
and. Bell -.50c per pound. _, Fancy- Acparagus
sold at 5Cit75e per poiind. while. .No. 2-s*ock
was- hard tn fi-11 at 17'io. Mushrooms con
tinued plentiful and weak;
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 95c®
$1 10 per ctl: Oregon Burbanks, ' 51 \<Y<i
1 30 per etl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks.
$1 15«21 20 per ctl; River Reds. $1 per
ctl; Garnet Chiles. 90c@$l 05" per' ctl; Early
Rose, 95c@$l 03 per ctl;. Sweet Potatoes, ' $29
2 2.'> per etl. ' : •
ONIONS^Yellow. $2 25^2 M> per ctl fcr Or
egon and $2 75#3 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
tiufit&c per box. , ...
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, lO012%c per
lb; String Beans. 17%620c per lb; Wax. -= — :
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, $1 25§1 75
per box . or . crate; Summer S.quas^ ;
from Los ' Angeles, $1 2501 50 per box; j
Cabbage, $1 .10. per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumber*. 50®75c per dozen for
small and $101 25 for large: Garlic. 5S6o per
lb; Egg Plant, 20@30c per lb; Dried Peppers.
5<3Pc per )b for Stockton and 10@12%o for
southern; Dried Okra, 10®12%c per lb: Green
Pepper*. 25#30c per lb; Mushrooms,- 10@15c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash.. $20^23 per ton for round
lots; Hubbard. $15 per ton.
■ Poultry and Game.
There was continued firmness in airdejcrlp- :
tions of live Poultry and the market was bare
at the. close. -Receipts were 32. coops, some
thing unusual for a Saturday. A car of West
ern Is scheduled for to-morrow's market, r but
It will not be marketed before Tuesday. Dress
ed Turkeys ruled weak at previous prices,
fancy stock only being wanted. Receipts were
53. cases and there was quite a quantity of
poor ' stock carried over . from the . preceding
day^- ..-Poor and "gfassy" stock, which . formed
& large percentage "of the supplies, wa* hard
to pell, even at the minimum quotation.' ■
Game was, firm In sympathy with - Poultry,
and j Geese and English Snipe were • quoted
higher. ' . ■ •.-.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15#21c per lb;
v live Turkeys. I5@17c per lb: Geeee. per pair,
$2<g2 25; Goslings, $232 25; Ducks, $3 60^6 60
per dozen for old and $8 50© 7 50 fcr young;
j Hens. $6 50@7 50 for large and $5 60®6 50 for
; small: young Roosters, $6 6O®7 60; old Roos
ters, $3 5OS6; .Fryers. $«£8 00; Broilers, $50
5 «O for large and $4~50®5 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 50 per. dozen for 'old and $2, 23®2 50
; for Squabs'. :. . •■*• ; ; ,- ' -r-r .
GAME— Gray Geese, $3g3 50 per doz; White
Geese. $1 25@1 75: Brant,' 3150 for small and
$2 60 for large; Honkers. $5 for large and $t
for ■ email: English Snipe; $3; I common
1 Snipe, $1 60; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25.< Xer iBrush; Har». $1 25®1 50. ■
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week dosed without much change in
quotations, Everything was In liberal supply
', and more or less weak, and close buy«rs could
obtain concessions in' all three of the -descrip
tions in the above head. The steamer for the
< Sound took out between 930 and 1000 'cases of
Eggs. : which was a material help to the market.
There was some disposition to shade the quota
tions for lower grade Eggs, as the small outside
receivers were offering their lots to suburban
restaurants at very bottom prices and thus cut
ting Into the regular trade. The ruling quota
tions were 25c for creamery Butter and 24c for
ranch Eggs, though the general range was as
quoted. . The Cheese market continued de
preystd. '.
Receipts were 37,900 lbs Butter, 1044 cases
Epi-'s- and 6000 lbs Cheese.
• BUTTER— Creamery ' at first hands. 25c
I for. extras. 24c • for firsts and 22%@23c for
1 seconds; dairy, lS(f22c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 21@22c for extras, 1S&20C for
second*' and lU&ISc for' ladle-packed. - .'- - !
• CHEESE— lC©llc- tor good to choice new;
1 and S@9c for lower grades; Young Americas, ,
1 llti'll 'ic; Eastern.: Keltic; Western. Iigl5c
i per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 23 I ,£@25c; store. 22923c per
1 dozen. - . ■
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was a little, more activity in the
, Orange market, as local retailers were buying
for two rtays' requirements, and there. was a
fair inquiry' for shipment to near-by towns,
but there was no possibility of an advance in
prices, as all dealers were carrying heavy lines.
anJ stocks on tfie way to this' market wer<>
reported large. The demand continued to be
crnflned chiefly to the large, sizes of Navels,
that Is, '.k;» ar.d 112s, but stocks of those sizes
were mort plentiful than previously, and ex
cept for occasional lots of extra fancy the top
quotation was considered extreme. All other
citrus 'fruits. Mexican Limes execpted, were
dull and featureless. To-morrow will be &
legcl holiday, but all of the fruit houses will
b..' open in the fcrenoon and the auction sale
of Orange*, will be held at the usual time.
Six or si-vf-n cars are announced for the auc
! lion.
Apples were unchanged, with supplies of all
grades- well up to requirements.
*PPLKS — ?1 76£2 ptr box for extra fancy;
$1 2. ".fir i 30 for ordinary fancy.' S5cf?$I for 1
choice and o0^75c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage (re
packed). 52 CCQ.T per box. " " . "
CITP.US FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25«2
per box fcr fancy, 75c£i$l 25 for cholc» and 50c
C£$l for standard: Seedlings.: 60ctf$I: Tan
gerines. 5Cctt$l 23 p«r box: Lemons, *1 75f»x 50 ;
for fancj. SI 2501 50 fcr choice and 75c«a$l for
standard: Grnn* Fruit. ?.' 2w«2 2. r »: Mniran '
Limes $(.'(gC r.O: Bananas, $1<72 per bunch for
'Hawaiian and $i*G2 r.O for Central American;
Pineapples, $1 CCQ2 CO per dozen..-
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Th» Eactern . market for Fruits continues
rather firm than otherwise, though there is no
: ir.Jitcrial chanRC. in- quotations. Trade here is
! qi:let und featureless. . t ; ,
The steamer San Jose took' out for Europe
10H.1CO lbs Prunes.' valued at
I KiUTIT— Ai'riccitff. 7^i«ty%c lor Hcyals and 9
I ®llc for Moorpa«ks; Evaporated Apples. 40
! a>i.c: sun-drlod. :;#4c: Peache?. 5@t<%c: Peara,
I tigiOc; Nectarines, 4g5%c: Figs, white. 4Qt%c
In uoxca;> black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. «@t»c per
poukd.
PRUNES— IOC.".- crop. 2',i-6f2%- fcr the four
'liscc*.
« RAISINS— The Arsociatlon announces the
following new prices Tor l:»04: Standard grade*.
i i'0-lb va** 1 *— 2-crown Looi« Muscatel.*, fijfc p*r
lb: 3-crown. 5^c; 4-crov;n.C%c: £>edless Loose
Muscatels. 4V«c; Seedless floated. 4%c; L-crown
Malaga looitc. 5c: 3-crcwn Malaga loose. 3%c:
Seedless ' Sultanas, 'unbleached. 4%c; Seedj e <s
Thompsons, unblea,crit-d. -5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box"— U-crown Impel-ial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dchesa clusters, $2 60: 4-crown fancy, clusters
$2: 3-crown . .-London $1 33; /2-crowa
-London' Layers. $1 23, usual advance- for. frac*
tlonal boxes and layers. ; Stcded— Fancy lt^oi
canons. i*r Ib. 7^c: f»ncy. 12-o» cartens. pei
package. Oftc: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c:
choic«»-ir>-cz oaricnii. per lb. 7Uc; choice 12-os
cartons. ■ per package. CVS c: -choice bulk car
ton*. o«-r Ib. 7'ic: ld-<,z cartons, seeded Seed
lings: Muscatels.- !p«r lb, 7c: :12-o« 'cartons.
her .led Seedllnss. Mureatel*.-. per lb. 5=i«?; bulk.
seeded . Seedlings, , Muscatels, per lb. C%c
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softyftell. 13%«»14c;
No. 2,.- 114012c; .No. 1 hardshell, : lsei3Uc:
No. .2. ll*JllV4c; Almonds, lie for Nonparelli.
in Vic for I X L. 10V»c for .\> Plus Ultra and
. ta , c for Lttnsu*doc: Peanuts. iUi7« for Eastern:
Pecan*. - ll«f!3c: -. Cocoanuts. $4-30©5:- -Chest
nuls. 507c per lb. ' ••.-.-'
- HONEY— Comb. 10©lH4c for white and $u,«i
0%C"" fcr amber: water white , extracrtd. 3O
5t»cr light amber 'extracted. 4%&4»;c;. dark,
S\t-G4e. ■•' ' : ■' • ■> • ■ ' •'- : ■ ■ • >
. .BEESWAX— 27a29c!Der lb. ■-:.-.-
■r '-^r "--Provisions. ■ — ■-
There Is talk" of advancing Hams, Bacon and
Lard to bring this market up to the level of
Chicago, but nothing definite has y«t been
done. The market is dull 1 and well supplied.
Chicago was higher. ' Wires from there tu
Mitchell. Mulcahy &. Co. saldt* "Covering of
local shorts and buying general outside trade
were a/tain the features of the market: In fact
there is little else to be said about it. There
U, of course, some scattered short interest,
but we are inclined to think It Is moderate.
Packers are sellers against their products and
the 'general long Interest Is very Urge through
commission houses. -The force of this latter
buying may carry prices higher, and we are |
inclined to think It is a good thing to take
profits." •"•• I
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ..lie 'per, Ib for
heavy. ll%c ror light medium. 13%c for light.
14c. for extra -light aud-lSe for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. 13%c; California
, Hams. 12%G13c: Mest Beef. $10 50611 P*rJ>bl;
extra Mew.. $11 50O12;. Family; . $12 50-SH:
prime Mew Pork. |15: extra clear. $24325;
M*»i, $18; Dry Salted Pork. lO%0Ue: Pig
Pork. $27: Pigs' Feet. . J5: Smoked Btef. 14c
per lbJ ■ *-••"-. " ...-'-
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7V»c per lb for
compound and 9*ic for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10c: 10-lb tin*. IOMjc; 6Ab tins. 10»4c: 3-lb
tins. ,!0%ic. -. - •
COTTOLENE— Ona half barrel. »%c: three
half barrels. 0c; ont tierce, s%c: two tierces.
8%c: flv« tierces, 8%c per lb. ' : *»-'
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain a« . . b«for# quoted.
Wool is well cleaned ui> and quiet. Hides are i
steady and moving off well and Hops are 1
quiet but firmly .held for both 1903 anJ 19O1 j
cror». • '• I
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell t
about %S?lc under quotation^. Heavy Salted :
Steers. 0%e: medium. 8U.c: light. 8c: Cow*
I Hides ;*c for heavy and 8c fcr light: Stags. 6c: ,
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
! 10 Vic; dry Hides. ■ 15616c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. IRe: She*r*lclns, shearlings. 2."W5Oc each:
short Wool. 40©65c »ach; medium. 70©90c: long |
Wool. $1©1 50; Horse Hides, salt. 12 75 for
large and $2^2 BQ fcr medium. $1 2531 73 for
small and Me for Colts, Horse Hid*.*, dry.
$1 "5 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for small" and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
. Central American. 31c. Goat ?kinj> — Prime An
goras. 75«: large and smooth. 50c; medium* 35c:
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No- 1 rendered. 4e per Ib: No.
5. SUc: n»ap». C%©3c. ,
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaanln Lambs'. ftt>
lie: Middle County. Hftl2c: Northern Defect.
lve O^lQc: Nevada. 133?15c: Oregon. fln», 18O
19c': Oregon, medium. 17c per Ik.
HOPS— 25030c per Ih for California, 1903.
and 20c for crop nf 190J.
Meat Market.
Beef. Mutton and Veal closed • the week
steady' at unchanged prices. Hcg» were rather
eary. us the recent advance is. calling In larger
receipts. . . r 
., . DRESSED MEATS.
•Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as .follows: ..
BEEF— «%S7%c for Steers cjid 5%fiS%p per
lb fpr'Cows. . - .
VEALt-Lante, Sff9c; small. 9«9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9%S10c; Ewes. t»89%c
Pf LAMB— Fall. lOffllc: Fprlnr/lieific.
PORK — Dressed Hors. TSSUc ' per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotation* are for good. sound
Livestock, delivered In San Fr^iclsco. less SO J
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: \ I
CATTLE— Steers, StjOc; Ccws and Heifers,
'7©8c; thin Cows. 435c per lb.
CALVES — i®4%c per lb <?ro?s weight).
SHEEP 1 — Wethers. 4%«j5c; Ewes. 4%tf4%c
p«r lb <gross weight).
LAMBS— 5©5%c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%ff5*4c:
over 200 lba.- 5%@5%c; soft Hogs, 4%e; Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off, and
Stags. 40 per cent off from abovs Quotations.
General Merchandise.
- BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%®5»4c spot and 5%c I
June-July: Snn Quentin. 5.55c: Wool Bags. '
32«35c: Fleece Twine. 7%€Sc.
COAL —^Vellington. $8 >er ton: New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $6 fiO: Bryant. 56 50; Bea
rer Hill $6: Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. 55 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 CO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. S9 50 per ton: Cokr. $11 509
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 *0 per long ten. according to brand.
• OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for belled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers'- AA, $1 1O«J1 12: Lucol. 44c for belled
and 42c fcr raw; China Nut. 60^70c per rallor;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 6Sc for- Ceylon and 53c
for Australian: extra* bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c: natural winter uperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil, 60p; extra winter strained Lard Oil, Me;
No 1 Lard OH. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot OU. 65c: light Herring oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 3Se:
boiled Fish OU. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 38c: boiled
Pamt OH, S5c; raw Paint Oil. 3.1c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. la bulk.
15er Pearl Oil. In cases. 21%c: Astral. 21 %c:
Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25Uc: Elaine. 27 %c;
Eocene. 24%c; Deodorized Stive Gasoltne. in
bulk. 26c. In cases. 22^c: Benzine. In bulk. J
13c: In cases. 19%c: R6-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25e: In cases. 31c. ' , -
TURPENTTNE^ — s?c' p«r rallon In cases and
S2e In drums and Iron barrels.'' "
- RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6^4
7c per lb: 'White Lead. 6%07c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com- !
pany quote* as follows.. r»r lb. tn ICO-lb ba«s:
Cubes, ■ A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.55c: |
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine. K.3<*c: Dry Granulated.- coarse. I
S..tOc: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated ;
<100-lb hags only), R.lOr: Confectioners" A. |
B.30c: Magnolia A. 4.ft0c: Extra C. 4.80c: Goldeij !
C, -4.70c: "D." -4-COc: harrel*. 10c more; hal'
barrel*. 25c more: boxes. Me more: WMb bam
10c more for all kinds. Tablefs — Half .barrel*.
fl.ROc; boxe*. 6.15c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos.
8.30c ver- lb. No ordcr« taken for less than
s«venty-flv»» barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20.
Flour qr sks .- <1.9«" 'traw. tons .... SO
Wheat ctl* 2.241 Hons. bales .... 203
Barley, ctls 4.S7«" Tallow, ctls ... IS
Oats ctl« . 1.2^ "urar. otls 1.440
ConC ctls 20 Hides. No. ...2*M
Beang. sks .... 2.1W "HtJ. No ; IRS
Potatoes, sks .. 714 leather, rolls... 237 1
Onions sk* ... 12 Wine, gals 1O4,9«1
Middlings . sks. . • 320 Rrandv. gals . . 3!M
Shorts sks ...'■ 20 Quicksilver flks SO
Feed .'»ks.. 2S TJme.. -bhls »17
Wool, bales ... 2-IIPaper. reams... 1.354
Hay. tons ..... ."7S'
STOCK • MARKET.
The Week Closes . on Dull and
Listless Markets.
Trading continued quiet on th« local, ex
changes and there were no quotations worthy
of note. There will . be no sessions of the
boards to-morrow — Washin«rton'»" birthday.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 16.914 share?, valued at Ml;;, the leading
salts being as follows: Apollo. 1230 shares:
Associated Oil. WO: Junction. 3030:' Monte
CriMo. 1«CO: Occidental. . 13C0: Toltee, 20UO;
Home 502; Illinois Crude. 700; Sovereign. • Ster
ling. 510. V- -
■ .Ex-dlvldend yesterday:- California Powder
Company, regular monthly." 50c p«r share,
amounting to $13.C0O: California Fruit Can
ners' Association, r-.-eular monthly. 60c per
share, amounting to $17,349 r>0; Llghtner Min
ing Company cf California, regular monthly. 5c
per share, amounting to JK250: Northern Se
curities, regular quarterly dividend or m, per
cent.-' • . « • ■ .
At the _nnti»l meeting of the shareholders
of the California and Oregon Coast Steamship
Company the followln* directors were re-elect
ed : George D. Gray, E. J. Holt. H. W. r,n. ,.1 .
all. Georgs Frllch and C: E; Martin. George
D. * Gray war rt-e'ected prisident and E. J.
Holt vice president. V '. :. '
STOCK* AND BOXP EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. >tb. 20—12 m.
UNITED STATES DONDS.
B'.d. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..107 — 14s qr cp netrl.t2t;mt;
4s qr reg ... — — . ! 3« tjr couo . .lCUUlO"^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W-5s. — — JO T Co 6s. — uaij
Bay CPC'Ss-lOrUilM-i' Dp 3s 1CU —
Cal C C I*. — 1C4U1 Do con Ss. — lOntJ
C U'& E G ' . .Oceanic S 5s. -4- 73
m & ct 5*. — I04'"-|Om Cable- fis.— 124
Cal-st C Ra.114 — 'Fac G Im 4s. 04 M
C C Wat 5s.l00 — r [P E Ry Ss.lOSVi —
E L & P Cs.125 131 JP ft C II 6S.10TI —
F Si. C II 63. — 120 !r*& O R «s.ll« —
Resry.st 3s.. 45>4 80 Pcwell-st 6».112ij — '
H CAS 5',is.I04 — \9 E GAR Ss. tt> 100
Do 3s .... — 100 ISP & SJ.V3s.llS- —
Hon R T Cs.100 — jSlerra R C«.niH112!j
L A Elec 5*. — 105 S P of A 6s
LA Rv Js;112?;itfJ!il (1W«) ....103ti_
L-ALCo«s. — .— . (1910) lfx;ii _
Do/gtd Cs.,'— " — . <190fi)Sr A.1C4U —
:Do gtd .1s.1(«*;iCSt4 (1503)SrB.103 —
LAP lcm r > s.tC0Ult:2>& S P of C 6s
Mkt-st C 6s.ll«»i. — <ino«> i6a% —
" Do lcm r.s.115. — H312) US
MA'&Mt TSa. — 112 SPC 1 cg3s. — . -=-
N R o' C Cs.l(HH41C7Vi . Do stmpd.lOS^ —
Do ta .... — 11!) S P n R Cs.l.M —
N- P C R .'.S.1C3 — S V.Wat Cs.107'.; —
N C Ry 3s. 114 Do 4s 2dm. W^l'*"*
N C P C .*>s. — 100: I Do 4s 3<im. 09 !K>*4
N S R C.1s.- lOCU'i'tkn G*Eti«. — 10«
O--O 1*\HS«.1CS "-"— iU G A E 5s. 105 —
O' W. gtd 3s. ' — . - 00. . I • •
. ' , . WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa — - 41 IPort Costa.:" — - —
Marin Co .. — «J 13 V Wat Co. SflK *»
"ADCTIOW SALES
WILSG.N,
The Auctioneer,
TURNS EVERYTHING INTO MONET.
AUCTION*ANNOUNCEMENTS.
CONTENTS ARTISTIC FLAT ON SHRADER
V--V " ' : STREET. " . ' .-'.>
TCESDAY OR WEDNESDAY.
FuU Particulars in Papers This Week.
Also PALATIAL RESIDENCE on CALIFOR-
NIA STREET.
'_•%>/ - FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1904.
A Great Opportunity. ■
Household Effects at Your Own Price.
AUCTION SALE
_fes ..•;■"::. j_g.
By order of the Superior Court. Department
9. J. T. Murphy, icuardiari of the estate of
Daniel T. Murphy.
I will sell all the *t3Ck contained oh' t-te
premises at 70 CTTY HAM, AVE.. ' ' • •
THL'P.SDAT. Feb. 23. at- It oV'.&.k.
Said stock consists or atxjut 10 RIG5 'if. pvpry
description. DELIVERY and MILK WAGONS.
SURREYS. BUGGIES. CARTS an 1 SilNGLK
and DOUBLE HARNESS. ETC. Ata». ta*
sheds and good wlii nf the tmi".-- »n ( 1 about
2"! head of WELL BROKEN HOUSES and oti*
JACK.
No Limit or R^j»rve. •
S. WATKINS. Auctione-r.
Auction Sale. ".'£
On MONDAY. Ftb. 22. at 11 o'clock. :
• At 613 ELLIS ST.. of
2 carloads of WELL BROKE* HOUSES, dirsct
from the country.
S. WATKI.Vji. Auctioneer.
#y,^ To close out a large surri'--' of v^hlcirs.
>-*^ surrey* an<l phaeton?, bujesies. can.'.
wagons of every description. 40 s«ts of hjimets
and a lot of all- purposed horses; every thiFa
sold must tm as rei-rps«nted or tnroncV re-
funded. Tuesday. Feb 2-i 11 a. m.. a: lrlO
Folsom et.. WM. CLOUtfH. autftloneer;
GAS AND ELECTRl'V r -
Cent L * P. " SS — :s F U -& E. 57*i ."»%,
Mutual E L. — 12 Stkn tJ^c E* 5- ' —■
Pacific L Co. 55 — , U O & E : . — 37
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATEd^ ' ■
S F G * E." — — ♦ I ■ ' '
INSURANCE.'
Flrexn's Fn-1300 345 | . '£, t
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Ek. — 125 I.on H & A — 170
Anglo-Cal .. S7U — Mer Trust .. •— -_"J5
Bank of Cal. — 44<> Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 117% S F Nation! — -^
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23<iO iSav & L So. — lCrf
Hum s A. L. — — LSae sfav Ci«. — ! iSO
Mutual Bsv.100 — • jiJcion T Co. — . — -■
S F Sav U.«GO C50 I •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 205 ;PresHio — U
Geary • — • $» i
POWDER.
Giant ...... 91 «2 - t Vigor: t ..... 3% —
SUGAR.
Ham P Co. — 40c IKilauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44% 4X IMakaweii C. — —
Honokaa S C 11 12% loTiomea .i C 2J S»
Hutch S P. S i-ul.aauhau 3 P 11 U%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 138 138»i lOceaulc St. 1% 5
Cal F' C A. 95 37 lac Aux FA. 5 ti
Cal Wine A. U2% — Pac C Bcrx.lrtT —
MV& MtTm.lOO — I
Morning Session.
Board —
10 MakaweU 13 37%
1» S V Gas &. Electric 5* U0
io Spring Valley Water Co *)l»
$6,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent IU > v;
»4.0CU ri P of Arizona- (lUUS): 1U4 &»>
,«7.O0W Spring Val 43 \2i mtge>^ . . . . . 1 W ta>
Street — . --.
$5,000 Los Angeiea Ry 5 per cent 113 00
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— BUI. A3ked.
Alrca 150
Apcllo 45
Associated Trust Cert.l..... l» ' 3>
Aztec 72 tn*
California Standara ......... ' Vi "' 20-
Caribou ..-. 1 tf5 " , 2 ua
Central Point Con . ." feJ ■
Chicago Crude ' l.*s
Claremonz 5i». : SZ
Esperanza 1 5<»
Four •» • *• 70
Fultcn ■ 4 CO
GUnt 17
Hanford 13» t»» .---
Home 120 125
Imperial ; 17 HO
Independence 15 v 11
Junction 15 in
Kern 4 to 5 «»»
Kern River - . 12 75
Monarch of Arizona 41 43
Monte- Crlsto 77% &;<i
Occidental of W Va 13 ....
Oil City Petroleum 3" 33
Peerless- •• i - 13 io
Pittsburg - .23
Re»ni Cr*Me 4 ,73 .... .
San Joaqutn O & D !«> ■•••.
Senator • «> •«••
Sovereign 44 :....
Sterling ; *-»»j
Superior *<> . **>
Thirty-three 6 5<>.
Tlotec ; '*» .. ' 20
Twentv-eight - 4 2O » ■
West Shore 2 .V> 2 7."V
Associated Bonds «>% .0%
Miscellaneous —
Fischer"* Theater .;.•- -1W>
Northern Cal Power f> 00 10 CO
Parafflne Paint v 37 50 . . • • -
Sanitary Reduction Work^. ....;'..:"' 2 00
Morning Session.
100 Illinois Crude 1 03
l.">«» Monarch .- 41
230 Apollo ' 45
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. As*.
Bay CPC 5a. 03 10O (Sun Tel Cs.ll.l —
B L Wat fa. — 12O j Do 3s ....102% —
<tjr 0rv D 5s — U3%jSutter Ry 5s.lC3 II™
SF A NP 5s. — 112 |U R S F 4s. 73 7954
S P Co 4%s. 98 09 I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co...— 22 jMUKNt Bk-3CO —
Car Cot Mlll» — 93 ;Nevada Nat!. — 210 .
C G & E Cor 40 — iN S R R .. It —
C Jockey Cl W> 12') !N C Power. 9 ■— ■•■
Cal Powder.123 — ]Oak Bk Sav.llJ% —
Cal Shipping 13 30 [Oak Tran C. £> —
Cal TI&TCO.113 1*W ilOOF Hall A 5% —
Cen Bk Oak. W — jOrpheum Co. — 1«H
Chutes "Co .. — « Fac S Tel.. — lCt>%
C'.t 4 Co Bk — 112 |Paraf Paint. -* —
Eastern Dynl«O — \8F, Dry D. CO —
F >' Bk. Oakl20 — :SF & SJCoal — 22,1$
Fi*cher-Reb — . l»i',S J Wat Co. — KW
Frnch-A Bk.103 105 S O&TgbtCo. — 163
Gas Con Ann.19% 21 iSwiss-A Ek.lll —
Hono P Co. 9% 12%!Truckee E!ec — 13
LonASF Bk. — «*0 jUR ICo pfd. 4t% —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 1 Do com .. 10% —
'' VV-. Morning- Session.
. 33 Pacific States Tel & T«l Co.. 1C0 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the galas 6i» the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Andes ... 43) 10« Ophtr 4M
ICO Belcher ." ~:: 2isO Overman .... 34
2CQ Caledonia. . -.1 C3, 1*0 Potosir .16
20d Challenge Con 3tt! M>H> Scorpion OS
700 Con C & Va.l M< 700 Sierra Nev .. S3
, 4(.-0 Crown Point. 23: 20o Silver Hill .. . «•
1C0 Mexl«in ......170, 5CO. Utah .20
10* Mexican 1 73i "CO Yellow Jacket 50
PACIFIC STOCK . EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stac*
Exchange yesterday: . • ■
Morning Se»slon.
-CO Andes ....... 45| 10O Mexican 1 W
:VX> Best A Bel.2 07%t 10 ° Mexican 1 73
ICO Best A. Helch.2 2i>[ 100 Ophlr ..4 2<i
! 10O Best A Belch-2 13i 30O Ophir .;..'... .4 SO
I 4CO Challenge Con SS ! ICO Ophir 4 25
I ICO Chollar ...... 2O- 200 Ophir 4 4il
300 Con C ft Va.l 7S: U)O Overman .... 3.1
ino Con C A Va.l <5: 40i> Potosi 17
ICO Crown Print. 24 > 3CO Scorpion ...... C3
i 300 Crown Point. :."» r.tQ SUrrx NeT .. S3
1 200 Hale A Norc. 0.".; 300 Union Con .. *2
' 3frf> Hale A Norc. 97 .^CO Union Con .. *J
20n Mexican. 1 70; ICO TTnlon . Con -.•- . **
: luO Mexican ...177%! 1*«O Union Con;.. "S3
TONOPAH MINING' EXCHAXGE.- .
Folli-winsr were the sales on the San Fra»
1 Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Brunswick .. Cti'1700 Ton Felmcnt. M
I 30O Evelyn ~4 2t'«> Ten Pelmont. 32
* son MacNamsra . . 1j»|-im» Ton lielmont. -4»
' SCO Mont Ton ..1 4«j ICo Ton Ttelmorit. '4*
nrt7 Paymaster ... l«>t STO.Ton Exten .. TC
1 1 Of > Rescue :<*"♦■ ICO Ton N Star.. -»4
1 1C0 Ton Belmont. 51 1 _
Continued on Pasc Forty-Tim.
4344
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' -
M Miss Rose Hennessy, well known as m
a poetess and elocutionist, of Lexington,
Ky., tells how she was cured of uterine
inflammation and ovaritis by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" J>FAn Mk?. TrKEHAM : — I bare been so blessedly helped through the us*
of Lydia 1« Pinkham's Vegetable Compound that I feel it but just to
•.cknovrj^jre it. hoping that it may help some other woman bufferinsr as I did. [
" Tor years I enjoyed the best of health and thought that I wonld always i
do eo. I attended parties and receptions thinly clad, and would be suddenly
chilled. b::t I did not think of the results. I caught a bad cojd eighteen
months ago while menstruating, and this caused inflammation of the womb
■ nd congested ovaries. I suffered excruciating pains and kept getting worse.
My attention Tvas called to your Vegetable Compound and the wonderful
cures it had performed, and I made up my mind to trv it for two months and
«ee -n-hat it would do for me. Within one month t f,elt much better, and
•t the close of the second I was eDtireiy well. '•
•• I have advised a number of my lady friends to use it, and all express
themselves as well satisfied with the results as I was." — Mies Rose Noxa.
Hexne?sy, 410 S. Broad wav, Lexington. Ky.
The experience and testimony of some of the most noted
tvomm of America gro to prove beyond a question that Lydia E.
Pin!iliam*s Vegetable Compound will correct all such trouble and
at once, by removing the cause, ami restoring the organs to »
normal and healthy condition.
u Dear Mr.«. Pinkham : — About tvro. years ago I consulted a phy-
sician about juy health which had become so wretched that I was no
longer able to be about. I had severe backache, bearing-down pains,
pains across the abdomen, was very nervous and irritable, ana this
trouble grew worse each month. The physician prescribed for me, but
1 soon dlsLOveind that he was unable to help me, and I then decided to
try Lydia E. Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound; and soon found that
it was doing me good. My appetite was returning, the pains disappear-
ing, and the general benefits were well marked.
** You cannot realize how pleased I was, and after taking the medi-
cine for only three months. I found that I was completely cured of my
trouble, and have been well and hearty ever since, and no more fear thd
monthly period, a.? it now passes without pain to me. Yours very truly,
Miss Pearl Ackers, 327 North Summer St., Xashxille, Tenn."
When a medicine has been successful in restoring to health
more than a million women, you cannot well say without trying: it
•*l do not believe it will help me." If you are ill, do not hesitate
to get a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and
write Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass.. for special advice. Her ad-
vice is free and helpful. Write to-day. Delay may be fatal.
ApAAA FORFEIT !f ve cannot forthwith prodace the original letters tad il£B*tnres of
\ H 1 1 1 1 1 1 at *" « t e*t ;a; ocial*, vhicb trill prore their absolute genuineneu.
C W V V U 1-7 di» U. Pinkham Mad. Co., L^ do, Hats.
A Japanese uuddhist dignitary "was
buik d a few weeks ago. The police
rnadf the following terse return of the
ei<5e irKUrs of' tho oevcmonv: ' "Thrrr
THRILLING CALIFORNIA NOVEL BY
A FAMOUS CALIFORNIA AUTHOR
"TO-MORROW'S
. TANGLE"
By GERALDINE BONNER •
WILL BEGIN IN THE
I NEXT SUNDAY CALL
This book has created the biggest sensation since -The Octopus,"
arid it will bz even more popular because you not only
.know all the people in this almost historical
drama, but all the places wherein they . . . <
love and hate and fight tneir :^T*'.: ?: .;
public and private battles.
Mariposa f s rehearsal at the Grand Opera House and her love
scenes In Golden Gate Park.— The millionaire's home- in
Mcnlo Park. — The mansion on Nob 'Hill. —The
strange discovery of the milUonaife'srsoniin the
photograph gallery on. Post strcet.~4Wan-
posa f s fight in the rain, on Sutter .
street and her thrillingly pathetic
plight on Russian - Hill are
The Prologue with' its death and ;bxtth on . the desert—its out-
rageous trade in wives and horses and 'its primitive
marriage in a blizzard will grip your
heart through cyery T/ord.
hundred and 'eleven injuries, .75 faint
ing, 121 thefts. C74 pickpockets cap
tured. 1021 articles I03L Seventy-nine
people fell into creeks or ditches."
THE SAN V FRANCISCO.' C*i.L. : SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 21, .1904.
HERO'S MEMORY
TO BE HONORED
A 1 1 Busi ness Hou sc3 to Close
oil Anniversary of Birth of
the First of Great Americans
JOIST MEMORIAL SERVICE
Members. of Various Councils of
Yoang Men's -Institute to
Assemble at the Cathedral
The anniversary of the birth of
George Washington, Father of his
Country, will be observed "in this city
tp-raorrow. While there will be no
great public ceremony with accom
panying processions and- grandiloquent
orations, the .day v.ill not be permit
ted to pass unnoticed. >
Business tiJII- be generally suspend
ed, the guns at the'ferts! will boom out
a national salute and flags will fly from
countless mastheads. | Merchants have
decorated their windows appropri
ately with the national colors. and pic
tures of the illustrious . soldier and
statesman and tiny hatchets and
"stumps of cherry trpes are. everywhere
in evidence in the windows of confec
tioners. ' For those fond of outdoor
sports some excellent field pro
grammes have been planned, and If
the weather is ..favorable enthusiasts
will -have a varied selection. £t
Golden Gate Park the band^will give
a concert, in which patriotic music
wll! Dr'edomiriatc. ' V ' '
One of the most attractive offerings
of the day will be the excursion to Val
lejo for the benefit of the naval club
house. Through the courtesy of the
Southern Pacific Company and the Cal
ifornia and Northwestern Railway fast
and commodious boats will be run to
Yallejo. Arrangements have been made
with the naval officers to permit the
boats to be ; stationed at points where
all on board" may .witness the maneu
vers of the two hew torpedo-boats. Ex
position of the prowess of these latest
additions to the navy, both in surface
work and diving, will be a distinct nov
elty tomany. The James Donahue will
leave its. slip at 1 o'clock, carrying a
limited party. On this boat lunch will
be served and a round-trip fare of $3
charged. The Southern Pacific boat will
leave its regular slip'at 2 o'clock and
but Ji will be charged.
AXNUAL MASS.
The annual memorial mass of the
Young Men's Institute will be observed
at St. Mary's Cathedral at 10 a. m., all
the councils with the exception of
Ignatian No. 35 participating. The
sermon will be preached by Rev.
T. J. O'Connell of Alameda. This
service is held as a memorial to the
deceased members of the t>rder. In
the eyenins services will be. held at
the Alhambra Theater /at 8 o'clock,
Joseph S. Tobin having been selected}
as orator. The programme will be as
follows: : ;. ..
- Overture, Hyn??' " orchestra: introductory.
John. "A. Pucleayy; president of th« evtnir*.
James D. phel4J>, jrand president Y. M. .1.;
soprano »ol», "A Pair of Blue^ Eyes." - Mr5.
Merle Drabay McGlade: ttnor solo, "D»vn,"
Ricliard H;-Hunt;. xylophone solo. Professor
n. Samuels: selections.- orchestra; contralto
solo (selected). Miss ESla V.. MeCloskey; mon
olojTie, W. J. Hynes: recitation, i "As the
M»on Arow." Ml*s A. Dragblcevich; bar>-tone
solo, "The Way of the Cross," Bert Minner.
Ignatian Council No. So will as usual
hold separate services at Holy Cross
Church, where the sermon will be
preached by, Rev. Father Collopy of
St. Patrick's Church.
BRAVES TO ASSEMBLE.
The chieftains and braves of the
Iroquois Ciiib will assemble for the
annual powwow at'JO o'clock in Pyth
ian Castle and in the evening will
smoke pipes of peace and make war
speeches at Delmonico's after the
wants of the inner man have- been
satisfied. The morning council will
be called to order by Grand Sachem
Bailey of Martinez and the banquet
will be presided over by James V.
Coleman. Appropriate toasts will be
responded to. by prominent braves. ?
Another event of Importance, which
interests chiefly the" Jewish popula
tion, will take' placein'fhe afternoon.
The ..cornerstone of "the new Sherith
Israel Synagogue will be -laid at 2
o'clock at the corner of California and
WebEter streets. "A number of Jew
ish societies will participate. .
WILL OBSERVE THE DAT.
Various Fraternal Orjcanifations to
Celebrate Birthday of Patriot.
Several of the fraternal organizations
of San Francisco will observe the-an
niversary ot the birth of George Wash
ington.
The hall committee of the Junior Or
der of United American Mechanics. and
the Daughters of Liberty will give \ a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft _SA<Mijy i ~*S
detelofino Ain> r»iirrxiro. •
A b!r JuniD . down .in prices 'and a big
Jump upln quality of work are twd things
' that I bavc forced: since I have bten cn»'
gar«d in thl* buslne»».' I am dolnr ' a ' tre-'
m*ndou» amcunt of Kc4ak Dev«loplnr ar.a
Prlntlnr: •' bat I c»n talte rood ca.re " of
your worlt also, if Tm-rot dolnr'lf nor,
x Bive tn« •• trtal. ■ Here arc a few n cures:
'■'•■"'■ DEVELOPING. . . PRJXTIICG.'
P.oll.cf 6. ...... ..10e Sollo- finish.. 3o to Be
''Roll. of 12........1Bo Velox ' finish.. 3e to 60
I aleo carry a complete «tock' of films In
.'allpcpulv else" at lo-aest prtcjs.'- Mall or-'
dcr»' promptly 'attended .to." ' "■
THAT MAN PITTS
\ T. yi.'- PITTS. Tho- Stationer. ' /
1008 MARKET -ST^ Above rowell.
' •' . San ■ Fraacl»co, . Cal! ■ ';
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And. ail other facial blemishes are removed « by
DR; and MRS. 'A: tTV.s'TflAVBnSB. Dbnohoa
buildlnr.' 1 170 Market itrest.- coV. " Taylor, rooms
2f-2».:wltb~the electric needle,' without pain or
•car: ctmteeacy raarastccii: tours 1 to 4 p.m.
SWELL FUND
FOR A NAVAL
CLUBHOUSE
By Sally Sharp.
The .Red "Cross-, tea ."at Mrs. Lowen
berg's historic home yesterday "was a
famous success — but wasn't that proph
esied i by "e'en" the least of us ? When
those Red Cross women get busy and
Join hands, with such leaders as Mrs.
Frederick Sanborn, Mrs! Bowman Mc-
Calla, Mrs. Arthur Cornwall— they who
are ;lying ' awake nights planning for
that naval clubhouse — what else - would
be expected? • • •
San Francisco is nothing if not phil
anthropic, and, what is more, it's not
philanthropic in spots, for note the
steady Twbrk of the women who have
planned this project for the care. of. the
bonnie naval /cadets. It's that steady
tapping, tapping, tapping of our good
women that has lifted the burdens of
the ' heavy-laden.' " •-;
-At the tea yesterday what a' bevy of
trim society maids tripped about dis
pensing nectar!— for is not tea of
oolong brand sweefnectar' when served
by such lovely maids?
The programme was a worthy one— a
notably -worthy one. ■ Herewith are the
numbers: Mrs. Brown, piano solo; Miss
Gertrude Wheeler, vocal solo; Mi6s El
sie Sherman, violin solo; Mrs. Louise
•Humphrey Smith, recitation;' Miss de
Young, harp selection; .Madame Semi
nario, vocal solos.
came the.' clever Httle get-rich
quick manipulations for the enriching
of that yawning clubhouse treasury—
and r beho!d the, result. The cups and
saucers, every one, were disposed of,
and advantageously, too. The picture
donated by Mrs. Wesley was won by
one than whom none was more deserv
ing—Mrs. McCalla, the projector and
engrineer-in-chlef ' of ' the . whole .. affair.
But with her' customary generosity the
picture will be : donated to the club
house on its completion. Let it here be
said that . already .Mrs. McCalla has
contributed' ?10.tX)0 toward the fund.
With the success that attended the
affair of yes.terday, who can doubt the
success of the project? And here's to it:
:?The engagement is announced of
Miss Edna Irene Hay ward, daughter of
Captain Henry M. • Hayward, to Frank
Butler, son of P. D. Butler. .
Mr.' and Mrs. Marsdon Manson gave
a delightful dinner', at the University
Club Friday, F_ebruary..l2. _ The guests
included Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Sesnori,
Rev. and Mrs. Brewer, Dr. and Mrs. S.
P. Tuggle "and Mr. and Mrs. John
Simpson.'
The betrothal of Miss Grace Bl Cor
dell to Homer Henley, the singer, has
juet been announced. Miss Cordell is a
young woman of charming personality
and is a popular member of the young
er set. . ...
patriotic entertainment in Native Sons'
Hall to-morrow night. This will be fol
lowed by' a dance, i Fred . C. Pattison is
the chairman and T. H. Nolte secretary
of the committee that has arranged' the
details of this function.
San Francisco Djvlsion No. 3 of the
Uniform Rank, Knights of the Micca
bees, will obscrve.tbe day. by a grand
military ball in Golden Gate Hall; The
committee in charge announces that it
is to be a strictly dress : affair,, : with
military men in uniform. It jsrprobable
that this function will be attended by
the members of . the other. 'divisions in
this city and of Alameda County..
Court Twin Peaks' of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters will celebrate the day
by a "children's party" in Mission Turn
Verein Hall, on Eighteenth street, near
Valencia, to-morrow night. There will
be a programme of entertainment by
the little ones exclusively, and after the
music, songs and recitations there will
be a programme of dances for adults.
Alexander Smith, one of the old-time
members of the court, will be the mas
ter of ceremonies during the evening.
Court Sutro Heights, Foresters of
America, will hold a special session to
morrow night in honor of the day,' when
several candidates .will receive a new
degree not laid down in the ritual of
the order. This will be followed by a
programme of entertainment and a col
lation. *
Lines From the Lor Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited. ,
"I was on the first California Limited
train leaving San Francisco for Chicago.
Was so Impressed with tho good service,
splendid attention and fine climate that
on mv four trips since to New "lork I
always take this grandest of all Ameri
can trains." — Lewis D. Wallenstein, with
S. N. Wood & Co., San Francisco. •
EMPEROR IT
HEAD OF GREAT TRUST
Supervises Syndicate WTiich Controls
Mines Furnistilns: the World
' With" Potash.
The potash which is dug from the
royal Prussian mines, located at
Strassfurt, ninety miles from Berlin, i3
the sole source of the world's supply.
Before the mines Were discovered the
best substitute which could ,be found
for the product- was wood ash, such
as 1 the Southern plantations used in the
old days in. making lye soap. The
Prussian mines are twenty-seven in
number and were devoted to the pro
duction of salt before rock salt Was
discovered. : , , :
When the new variety of salt was
given to the world about forty years
ago the Prussian mines ' were tem
porarily abandoned and in; a few years
.1 search for rock salt was instituted.
The salt was found, but in a badly
adulterated condition and : an' analysis
of the adulterant revealed the fact that
it was the most valuable part; of the
mineral. The potash was at once turn
ed to use as commercial fertilizer, and
establishments in \Loulsville take a
large proportion of the production. It
is an ; ingredient- of -the material in
which th"e Tennessee and South' Caro
line phosphate is -largely used. /;<£ V
The mines are'controllcd : by a syndi
cate ; and -. are under' the' supervision . of
.William, Emperor of Germany 'and
King of Prussia. They employ .21,000
men. and yield 1200 carloads a- day of
potash. Of : the; entire output .75 per
cent is used. for agricultural purposes,
while theremaihder is used' for chemi
cal purposes. - It is largely utilized in
trie cyanide process 'of extracting gold
from • the . orel—Louisville' Courier-
Journal.
• In Servla there; is a soldier for every
twenty- two ' inhabitants; . in the United
States there is 'one" soldier for .every
1S00 Inhabitants. ... I ■■ "
DARK HORSE
WINS PLACE
Exciting Election for Colonelcy
of Seventh Regiment 'Results
iii Choice of H. H. Finlcy
JOHN R. BERRY STEPS OUT
Artillery Instruction School.
Various Matters of News
Concerning Citizen Soldiery
There were, exciting times la the
headquarters of the Seventh Regiment,
N". G. C, at Los Angeles recently, when
the regimental officers met to elect a
successor to ColonelJohh R. Berry, who
had held the colonelcy since December,
1S95. He was a candidate for re-elec
tion, and" thought his only opponent
was Lieutenant Colonel W. G. Schreib
er, who had for a- long time aspired to
lead. the Seventh. Schrciber was the
only avowed candidate, but when the
first ballot was taken it was discovered
that Major Henderson H. . Finley .of
Santa Ana had received the votes of
the officers of the three companies of
his battalion. The vote stood . 15 for
Schreiber, 13 for Berry and 9 for Fin
lcy. The vote was the same for twenty
three ■ ballots, except that occasionally
one would change his vote to either
Berry or Finley. This was on a Satur
day night, and after the twenty-four; *»,
ballot Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Brad
bury, who presided, announced that in
a few' moments it would be Sunday
morning and that an election held on
Sunday would not be legal. One of the
officers' asked that one more ballot be
taken, feeling sure that,, the result
could be announced before midnight.
Another ballot was granted, and the
result was that the Schreiber force with
one exception went over to Finley, and
he was declared elected. An objection
was raised on the ground that • the
watch showed that it was just after
midnight when the result was an
nounced, but the presiding office? over
ruled the objection, as his watch
showed that it was not quite 12 o'clock.
Colonel Berry then moved that the elec
tion be declared unanimous, and the
motion prevailing Major Finley became
the colonel of the Seventh. By this
election the headquarters will be re
moved from Los Angeles to Santa Ana.
During the evening Captain Walter
A.' Greenleaf was elected major, vice
Finley, promoted; Major Terrlll Thom
as, inspector of rifle practice on the
staff of Brigadier General Robert Wan
kowski, was elected major of the sec
ond battalion over Captain Harvey E.
Higbey, defeating him by a vote of 23
to 14; Captain L. H. Cole was elected
major of the first battalion without op
position.
Major Shadworth O. Beasley, who
served in the t Philippines as surgeon
in the United States infantry and in
the "Eleventh United States Cavalry,
has been appointed inspector of rifle
practice for the First Artillery, N. G. C.
Last week there. was a school of in
struction for the non-coms, of the First
Artillery, the instructor being Major
Bush, commanding the battalion. They
were instructed in much that apper
tains to their ordinary duties and in
engineering duties.
At! an. election held in Company F,
Oakland, last week Major George H.
Wethern of the Second Brigade staff
was elected captain, which position he
held In 1893.* J. P. Jobansen was elected
first lieutenant, and the election of sec
ond lieutenant was deferred.
The First Artillery battalion will
have a practice day at the guns at the
Presidio on the 28th of the current
month. It will be a day of hard work
for the men of the First, but they are
willing to be instructed.
At' a meeting of Company A, First
Infantry, First Lieutenant Bertrand
presiding, resolutions .were adopted ex
pressing sympathy "tvith Captain George
T. Ballinger because of the accusation
of embezzlement preferred against him,
expressing belief in his innocence and
pledging undivided confidence and sup
port. .' ->^;-
SOCIAL SENSATION
AT ST. FETERSB URG
Czar's New Secretary of State Black
balled at the Local English
Club.
An extraordinary "sensation has been
created at St. Petersburg by the
blackballing at the English Club there
of the Czar's new Secretary of State,
M. Besobrazoffr who has been credited
for a year past with being the Em
peror's* most trusted adviser and most
intimate friend and who is regarded
not only at St. Petersburg but also at
Berlin, at Vienna and at Paris as one
of the most influential factors in Rus
sia's domestic and foreign policy of
the last six months. . ■
Denounced by his many foes as a
court favorite, more' powerful than
any'other since the days, of the favor
ites of .the Russian monarch of the
eighteenth century, praised, on the
other hand, by. his friends, who in
clude several members of the reigning
house, as a most .enlightened man.
who ha3 been prompted by disinter
ested motives to place his services and
his wealth at the' disposal of his sov
ereign, ho first came to the fore when
he quitted th - Chevalier Gardes regi
ment, in wl;i '•"•! he held a commission,
ln'order to t; .c part in the organisa
tion of that species of volun
teer secret police known as- / the
'\yoly Band," formed for the purpose
of specially protecting the imperial
family against the nihilists, meeting
the latter with their own weapons and
fighting them '_ both at •- home and
abroad by, means of a secret; corps of
police composed of the flower of the
Muscovite aristocracy.
M. Bezobrazoff was proposed i for
membership at the English club ' by
M. Abaza and seconded by- the Minis
ter of the Interior, M. de Plehve. After
Bezobrazoff had been blackballed
once a second ballot was taken, which
resulted in; an Increased ' number of
blackballs. Abaza; and Plehve. con
struing" this not only as an affront to
themselves 'but as an act, of opposi
tion to the Czar, have resigned their
membership of. the club, which, founded
by an" English merchant ' named
Gardener in 1770. is now the most ex
clusive club in- Russia, restricted to the
cream >of: the. aristocracy; and. to the
highest dignitaries of the ; realm, the
only. Englishmen belonglng.to.it being
King Ed ward and 'the British' Embas
sador, .who" are honorary : members. - It
is curious that it should • have' retained
its name in spite of the hostility with
which; England has "been regarded " in
Russia for. more 1 than | a hundred yeara
P33t.— Baltimore American.
•xosxi&ari jy_xyieugLX
Kearny and Suiter Sts.
Store Will .Remain Closed cTMonday
Newest 1904 Laces
(First Floor Keamy St.)
Advance styles for spring and summer have arrived and
are now on exhibition. Among them are choice novelties from
the most celebrated European Lace Centers, comprising Point
Gaze Galloons, Bands and Edgings- Festoons of embroidered
linen Etamine -handsome novelties in Point Venise, suitable
for trimming summer Presses -all moderately priced.
NEW BATISTE LACES | NEW TWO-TONED LACES
in hjavv Galloon and Mtdaliion j in exquisite novelty effects— separ-
effects, choke patterns inwhita, able floral designs in dainty color-
cream and ecru. ings on ecru and white ground.
75c to $5.00 yard. J5I-5O to $7.50 yard.
" NEW VENISE LACES NEW LACE EDGINGS
in Garlands, Galloons, Bands and Point Lierre, D'AIencon and Ap-
Medallions; entirely ntyv designs— plique Laces, in all widths, appro-
trie correct laces for suit trimming, priate for ruffles on sleeves.
50c to $6.50 yard. 25c to $3.50 yard.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS
Our latest shipment comprises some of the richest Trimmings in Gold xnd
Persian effects. These fashion dictates will be very popular. The new
Braids and Appliques also have a sprinkling of tinsel.
Just received a handsome assortment of NEW BUTTONS
in latest effects for Spring.
New Silks for Spring (gs&g)
The past week we have opened a great many choice novel-
ties in FANCY CHIFFON LIBERTY and FANCY PEAU DE
SO1E SILKS. . They are the popular fabrics for the 1904 Shirt
Waist Suits, and comprise a splendid variety of small, neat
desfgns, in gun metal, champagne, violet, blue, tan and black
and white effects, 24 ins. wide......... 75c and $1.00 a Yard.
Sniart Silk Waists, $6.00
\ ' (Third Floor rears? St.)
A handsome collection of Silk Waists go on sale Tuesday, at
less than manufacturer's cost. All are high-grade, fashionable
waists — some are handsomely tucked and hemstitched,- others
are elegantly trimmed with lace. They are in the most disira-
ble colors, such as white, cream, light blue, pink and black —
Silk Waists that sell regularly at $8.00 and $10.00 -^
each. Tuesday's exceptional price 4>O*UU
Ladies' Kid Gloves, 65c Pair
Regular $1.00 and $1.50 Styles (E&J^S?.)
Several of our best brands are in this offering. Gloves
made of fine selected kid skins, with two and three clasps-
all perfect goods, but the assortments are broken -a size miss-
ing or a color gone- although in the lot are all sizes and such
good colors as gray, blue, green, yellow", white and black. The
regret is there are but a few hundred pairs in this sale, and at
the price they will not last long. They are regular . -
$i.ooand $1.50 qualities — on sale at D^C
2 FLASHSKINS FOR 5c. PRETTY TOILET SETS
(First Floor SutterSt.) (Second Moor Kearnjr St.)
We have secured several hundred Two special valuss tor Tuesday
packages of these wonderful polish- in our Art Needlework Department:
ing cloths. . They, are 16 inches fgg Sets mad . of ttv Dotted
square, and with the least touch Swbs, with ruffle and lined in pink,
will remove stains, tarnish or dirt b , ue „ Uow; s cia , r se £ 50(^
spots from gold, silver, copcer, table- J K v
ware, leathers or pianos. The regu- Toilet Sets of Fancy Dotted Swiss
lar price is 25c for two flashskins and Scrim, with lace insertion and
— our price, Tuesday, for - ruffle trimmed with lace, ex-
packageoftwo 3C ceptional value at per set... $1.00
Mall Orders Receive Prompt Attention.
New York's Financial Position.
. The New Tork banks are lending
594,000,000 more money to-day than they
were a year ago, while their . deposits
are $92,000,000 higher and cash held is
$29,000,000 greater. The New York
banks have cut down circulation in the
past two weeks by over $1,000,000. De
posits are $13,000,000 above the highest
on record; loans also broke all records
and are $44,000,000 higher than last
February. In ten . months the New
Tork banks have increased their de
posits by $171,000,000, and $176,000,000
has been recovered in the last six
weeks. ■
The enormous dealings of the New
York banks amaze all the financial
centers, says the Boston . Journal, and
indicate that all financial roads now
lead to New York. Money continues
easy. There is little speculation. The
Iron trade remains quiet. Rail makers
will not sell at the price at which users
of rails are ready to buy. There is an
ticipation of a decided improvement in
business at the opening of spring and
a hopeful feeling prevails.
The recent expansion of loans
amounting to over $100,000,000 is due to
large corporate borrowing as well ,as
to investments In sterling and commis
sion house time loans. The money
which has been pouring into New lork
of late is surplus circulation which has
gone out to move the crops and come
back again.— New York Commercial.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|CLQ8ED MONDAY. 1
I v THREE GREAT SPECIALS
I Offered for This Week Only, |
1 . Beginning Tuesday Morning j
I NEW SPRING SUIT, military "effect, kilt skirt, in Oxford f
P and gray. Regular price S^o.oo. On sale CIO t
0 '. . . f • •P*£»»Jv |:
S. .. VERY STYLISH NEW ETON EFFECT SUITS, kilt skirt, |3
M in imported Scotch mixtures. Regular price $25.00. <T-f C f\f\ \\
g On sale. ........:.... $ID.\JU ■
M Up-to-date ETON SUIT, kilt skirt, in black, blue, brown, M
n green and mixtures. Regular price ?3-5O» On sale SI^O 00 It
1 Large Variety .of NEW SPRING ETONS and Single Jackets [j
n from $7.50 to$i5.ooiv/ ||
H ' ' ' Large Variety of WALKING SKIRTS from $1.00 to $io.oo. N
I WE ARE MANUFACTURERS. HH fj
I..P^^. 1142-1146 MARKET ST. ' [j
Mouthpiece in 3Ian*s Tongue.
With the amber mouthpiece of a pip«.
nearly an inch and a half longr, im
bedded in his tongue for over nine
weeks, and suffering no inconvenience
whatever, Joseph Lefkey of New York
consulted Dr. C. W. Graham concern
ing a "slight" bruise on his tongue the
other day, when the stem, nearly three
eighths of an inch in diameter, waa
found imbedded in the center of the
thick part of the tongue, far back in
the mouth and completely hidden from
sight.
■ Only a slisht puncture, about the size
of a pinhead, could be seen by the phy
sician on the first examination, and so
bewildered was the patient when the
long stem was finally removed and
shown to him that his first exclama
tion was: "Look around in there. Doc;
I lost the pipe, and maybe the whole
thing is laying around in there some
where."
Two months ago Lefky -was returning'
to his home from the West Allls shops
and was smoking his pipe while on the
rear platform of a car, when a sudden
lurch threw him from h!a feet and ha
plunged head foremost to the ground.
He was bruised, but soon got tc his
feet 'and spend several minutes looking
for his pipe, which he had lost.
If a husband and wife have a, btic
family of children, is It a "good rec
ord"? H28