THE WEATHEC
Torecast made at San Tran
cUco for thirty hoars enflinr
mldniffht, February 5:
S^n Trancisco and vicinity—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Fri
day, with rain; brisk southwest
winds. A. G. aXcADXS.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. C7.
RUSSIA'S FINAL ANSWER TO JAPAN IS FORWARDED;
WARLIKE MANEUVER OF THE PORT ARTHUR FLEET
i ■ ■ r ■ ■ ■■ ;•;
JT. PETERSBURG, Feb. 4.*..The Russian response to the latest Japanese note was to* night forwarded to Viceroy Alexieff. If he approves it, it will finally reach the
Tokio Government on Monday. It is officially announced that officers of all regiments of guards will be allowed to volunteer for service in the Far East This is regarded as
ominous and significant. .
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 4..*.The Russian fleet, under Admiral Stark, returned here at 4 o'clock this afternoon. It has taken up its anchorage outside the harbor. It was
maneuvering, it is reported, against a fleet of Japanese warships off Weihaiwei. The quarantine against Chefu has been annulled.
LONDOW, Feb. 4.*»The ominous rumors circulating here of the imminence of hostilities in the Far East caused the rate on war risks at Lloyd's to bound upward from
40 to 70 guineas per ton.
PHYSICIANS
SAY HANNA
MUST REST
Doom the Patient to
• Months of In
activity.
Dangerous Crisis in His
Illness Has Hot Yet
Been Passed.
Senator Is Completely Worn Out and
Must Go Into Retirement Should
He Recover.
f peciaJ Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. HOTEL
BARTON. WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.—
Senator Hanna is In a precarious con
dition. It was clear to-night that the
crisis in * his illness had not been
reached ard the best that could be
held out to his friends was that, Bhould
he recover, he would be compelled to
abstain from business and other ac
tivity for months. It was feared this
morning: that Senator Hanna was going
to develop symptoms of Bright's dis
ease or, that his heart weakness might
add to the complications of his Illness.
It was also c thought possible that he
had malaria. o
When cDr. Brewer arrived from
New York this morning a consultation
was held by him with Dr. Rixey and
Dr. Magruder of this city. The con
euitation lasted during most of the
forenoon. The result of it was that the
doctors were considerably puzzled.
Hanna had all the symptoms of suf
fering from a long attack of the grip
and exhaustion. A thorough physical
examination was made. It revealed
that while most of, o the "organs were
■without Any pronounced disease, all
were more or less affected.
COMPLICATION'* OF AILMENTS.
Senator Hanna's heart action was
found to be bad;' his kidneys were not
working well; Tiis liver was in very bad
condition; his Etomach was not work
ing at all, and would not even assimi
late i&llk; his lungs were slightly af
•fected and there were otfcer ail
ments which tended to complicate the
case, in addition to loss of strength and
nervous energy.
The doctors issued a bulletin in which
they announced tJbat Senator Hanna
■wae suffering from a recurrence of the
grip and with an unusual amount of
depreesion, but tha.t there were no
alarming symptoms and no reason to
believe that recovery would not take
place in reasonable time. This rather
negative bulletin failed to inspire con
fidence when It became known that
camples of Senator Hanna's blood had
been obtained for bacteriological ex
amination and that other examinations
were to be made.
OPIATES TO IXDCCE REST.
There was no change in Senator
Hanna's condition this afternoon. He
rested under opiates. The Senator's
condition led his friends to believe that
typhoid fever was developing. Dr.
Rixey would not express any opinion
on the case.
The Senator's family will feel much
relieved if the Eymptoms which he has
now should develop Into typhoid fever
andynothing worse. Last night they
were^ much alarmed lest his illness
might be absolutely helpless. While
his system is run down, the Senator's
temperament is such that they believe
he could combat an attack of typhoid
fever.
The doctors do not appear to tak'e
sanguine views. They regard Senator
Hanna as a man who is completely
worn out, in addition to being ill. His
whole constitution . is near collapse.
They Bay that if the crisis can be
averted the Senator will be lucky and
that his restoration to complete health,
will be a matter of months, which will
require complete avoidance of work
of all kinds.
San Franciscan Dead in Mexico.
NOGALES, Ariz. Feb. 4. — A tele
gram was received here to-day telling
of the death by accident at Tarasca
mine, west of Torres, Sonora, of
Charles H. Goddard, a San Francisco
mine promoter. No particulars are
obtainable.
The San Francisco Call.
WRECKING
TRAINS IS
HIS MANIA
Utah Lad an Accom
plice of Vengeful
Tramps.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SALT LAKE, Feb. 4.— Three persons
accused of having attempted to wreck
an east-bound passenger train on the
Oregon Short Line eight miles north of
Bliss, Idaho, on Monday night have
been captured and are declared by the
secret service agents of the railroad to
be the guilty ones. One of the trio is a
lad of 16 years, a Salt Lake boy, who
has a mania for wrecking trains. That
he has not before this been -the cause
of a raijroad horror is not his fault.
The two men are tramps, it is said, who
were put off a train and in revenge at
tempted to cause wholesale loss of life.
.The men are in jail at Bliss. Superin
tendent Mason of the Idaho division
has sworn to complaints against the
three. The names of the tramps could
not be ascertained here to-night.
The arrest of the trio of would-be
train wreckers was the result of 'quick
and clever work on the part of the
railroad detectives. As soon as word of
the outrage was telegraphed Special
Agent Jones of the Short Line went
to the scene and began an investiga
tion, assisted by two other company
detectives and local officers at Bliss.
From persons living in the vicinity of
the attempted wreck good descriptions
of two men and a boy that had been
seen in the vicinity were obtained, and
within a few hours all three were in
custody.
The boy is Gus Nelson. His father
is dead, but he has a brother who re
sides here. The lad has been working
in Idaho, and it is charged that he has
developed a strong mania for wrecking
trains. He is accused of having several
times lately placed obstructions upon
the track of the Short Line and of hav
ing turned switches in an endeavor to
gratify his insane desire to see a
smash-up.
CHINESE SIX COMPANIES
AID IMMIGRANT INSPECTOR
Take an Active Part in Securing Ar
rest of Coolies Who -Were Smug-
eled Into the Country.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 4.— Arthur S.
Spencer, representing the Six Compa
nies, and an official Chinese court in
terpreter for the United States, with
the assistance of Robert D. Layton,
the local immigrant Inspector, made a
tour of the Chinese district to-day and
served warrants on twenty-four Chi
nese who will be deported from the
United States. It is alleged that the
Chinese were smuggled into this coun
try and they will be sent back to China
at the expense of the United States
Government. Spencer Is touring all the
large cities for the purpose of taking a
census of the Chinese residents.
Jury Recommends Life Imprisonment.
JIOINES, Iowa. Feb. 5.— A spe
cial to' the Register and Leader from
Eldora says that the jury in the Bly
denburgh murder case came in at 1
o'clock with a verdict of guilty of mur
der in the first degree and recommended
life imprisonment. : \. ._
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
TYPE OF THE MUSICAL ADJUNCT OF THE RUSSIAN MILITARY ORGANIZATION. ON. THE FIELD. OF BAT
TLE. EACH COSSACK REGIMENT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A BAND, WHOSE INSPIRING STRAINS ARE
' EXPECTED TO INCITE THE TROOPS TO FEATS OF VALOR. . . j .
Bear Is Stirred to Anger and Ready to Grapple With
Its Doughty Foe in the Far East.
Special C^blc to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 4.— To-day is reckoned as the eve of the end. To-night Russia's answer
started to .Admiral Alexieff, to be handed by him to Baron de Rosen for presentation . to Baron Komura.
From now on the question of war or peace lies in the hands of the Mikado's Government.
This critical moment is one of defiance. One paper here represents the public mind in a sinister para
graph, quoting a Vladivostok telegram, which is emphasized, by being printed in the official Pravitelstvini
Viestnik, to the effect that the Russian fleet at Vladivostok has been painted black, which conveys realistically
the idea that, all her ships are ready for immediate action.
Russia" to-day is like a big bear, aroused with difficulty from his winter sleep and very angry at having
been prodded into action. The bear/is feeling mighty like -fighting and fully realizes now that, as an august
personage stated, "there is a limit to patience." . ,, y
Among the items of the day of exciting interest was the statement that if war broke out nearly a half
million Russian troops would be found spread about Vladivostok^ Port Arthur, Dalny and Nikolsk. Another
from Vladivostok stated that the Japanese mobilization was disappointingly slow; that the commercial classes
were clamoring for war in the face of an absolute stagnation of trade. Another told of anonymous circulars in
Shanghai calling upon merchants, inthe name of patriotism, not to" supply Russian ships with victuals. Another
reported the flight of Japanese merchants from Vladivostok.
There was a violent anti-American article in the Novoe Vremya, following upon one of the same tenor
yesterday. The Novoe Vremya publishes a long editorial article on its Port Arthur correspondence of yes
terday. The views of this correspondent may appear fantastic, the paper says, but nevertheless America is the
real foe screened behind Japan. The British, the paper continues, have assumed the act of betraying Europe
by truckling to the United States, and speeches at the recent banquet of. the Pilgrims' Society are cited as ex
amples of British servility. In conclusion the Novoe Vremya says: :
"When Great Britain has quite gone over to the United States the rest of Europe will realize the" ur
gency"of united action against America."
The Bourse pulled through the day upon buying from Berlin, whence a telegram was received saying
that optimism had returned there upon a report of the possibility of war being postponed till April." In official
circles it is hoped that the display of readiness for war shown by Russia will have the effect of cooling the
ardor of those of the Japanese who treasure the hope. that they had caught Russia napping.
In this, coupled with the diplomatic yet firm tone of. the reply, lies all the most serious hopes of peace.
RUSSIAN TROOPSHIP, ESCORTED BY SEVERAL CRUISERS,
: WILL LAND ARMY ON COAST NEAR KOREAN CAPITAL
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright* 1904, by the " New York Herald Publishing
. * . ■ ■ Company. '
SEOUL, Feb. 4.— It is reported to-day that several- Russian troopships will reach Korea to-morrow
from Port Arthur if not stopped by the Japanese fleet. Several .Russian' warships accompany the transports and
Continued on Page : 2, ' Columns ' 3« 4 and ' 5.
Alcazar—" A Colonial ..Girt." . *'
California— -"Tiie .Eternal City."
Central— "East tynne." \ .
Chutes— -Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Chinese Honex
moon.".
Fischer's — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand — "Loaf River."
Orpnemn — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Oay.
Tivoli — '•'When Johnny Conies
Marchtcsr Home."
SHIPYARDS
TRUST FEUD
AT AN END
Warring Interests
Compromise Dif
ferences.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— After frequent
conferences, the long fight between the
Sheldon reorganizing committee in the
United States Shipbuilding Company,
and the bondholders* protective com
mittee, represented by Samuel Unter
meyer, was settled to-night by the
formulation of a new plan, which has
been agreed to by both sides, and the
litigation in which Charles M. Schwab
has been the central figure will end.
Max Pam has been removed from the
reorganization committee and Pliny
Fisk, the banker, whose house will
take part of the work of financing the
new company, takes his place. Max
Nathan of the International Pump
Company has been agreed on as an
additional member of the committee to
represent the protective committee.
The new plan made public by "Wil
liam Nelson Cromwell is put out as
coming from Receiver Smith and pro
vides for a new company with a capi
talization of $30,000,000, ,half preferred
and half common. Schwab, as owner
of the Bethlehem bonds, will get $9,000,i
000 of preferred and J6.000.000 of com
mon stocky and the first mortgage
bondholders get the remainder, pro
rata. Schwab gives up his prior lien
on Bethlehem and all the present
stock is wiped out. The preferred
stock is to be 7 per cent non-cumula
tive.
There are to be issued $3,000,000 of col
lateral trust sinking fund 6 per cent
ten-year gold bonds, which are to be
taken up by a syndicate of which the
Morton Trust Company and Thomas F.
Ryan are to be managers and Harvey
Fisk & SOns participants, the latter to
market the bonds. These bonds are to
be Bold to the syndicate at $S75 per
510C0.
Former Secretary of "War Root Is
counsel for the syndicate managers.
The new organization committee will
consist of George R. Sheldon, chair
man; Charles S. Falrchild, John E.
Borne, Pliny Fisk, Charles "W. Wet
more and Max Nathan. • -«?•- ■.;;
Other terms of the compromise, to
which both sides gave up many things
which they had fought for up to the
last moment, include a provision that
the expenses of the fight of the bond
holders' protective committee shall be
paid as a part of the expenses of re
organization.
The pending case in court will have
to go on formally, and the matter of
testing the validity of the so-called
"fraudulent" bonds will be taken up in
earnest. No mention of these bonds is
made In the compromise plan. Crom
well refused to say whether this left
assenting bondholders free to attack
their validity. Untermeyer declared
that It did. At any rate they may be
attacked by non-assenting bondholders,
and some bonds may be left unassent
ing for the purpose.
Warships Sail From Suez.
SUEZ, Feb. 4. — The Russian bat
tleship Oslabya, the transport Sara
off the three vtorpedo-boat destroyers
sailed to-day for the Far East. /
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MORTGAGE
CALLS FOR
$50. 000.000
Western Pacific Com
pany Plans Big
Bond Issue.
New San Francisco-Salt
Lake Railway Seems
Assure!
Backers of the Enterprise Are Believed
to Be George J. Gould and John
D. Rockefeller.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. Feb."4. — A J60.000.000
mortgage to secure a bond issue of
an equal amount was filed by the
"Western Pacific Railway Company
with County Recorder Meeks this aft
ernoon. The papers were filed by L.
H. Farnsworth, cashier of the "Walker
Bros." Bank and agent in Utah for the
Western Pacific company. The pro
ceeds of the bond Issue are to be used
for the purchase of existing railroads
and the construction of a new road
between Salt Lake and San Francisco.
The enterprise is generally believed to
be backed by George J. Gould and
John D. Rockefeller. It is believed
the filing of the mortgage is prelim
inary to active construction work all
along the line.
The Western Pacific is looked upon
as the westernmost link of George
Gould's projected seaboard-to-coast
system. It will connect at Salt Lake
with the Rio Grande Western.
The mortgage is made to the Bowl
ing Green Trust Company, trustee. It
is a first mortgage on the railroads
and terminals acquired and on the eo
tire system, with branches hereafter
to be built. The mortgage is dated
September 1, 1903. The bonds are for
thirty years, bearing interest at 3 per
cent. The mortgage was filed here be
cause the Western Pacific is a Utah
corporation.
Although Gould has given an eva
sive denial that he Is connected with
the road, it is known that Gould men
are directing the operations from be
hind the scenes. Virgil G*. Bogue.
who is Gould's consulting engineer, has
exercised general supervision over the
surveys so far made. Other Gould
men have figured quietly in the work
from time to time.
HOUSE COMMITTEE FAVORS
HEAVY FIGHTING SHIPS
Admiral Dewcy's Suggestion Prevails
Over Recommendation of Gen
eral Board.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. — Admiral
Dewey*s suggestion in favor of heavy
fighting ships for the navy prevailed
to-day with the House Committee on
Naval Affairs over the recommenda
tion of the general board, submitted
by Secretary Moody. The naval ap
propriation bill was completed by the
committee after a hearing granted
Admiral Dewey. It carried an aggre
gate appropriation of $95,000,000.
The ships authorized are one bat
tleship, two armored j cruisers, three
scout cruisers and two squadron col
liers. '.;,;.
Provision was made for an armor
plate factory to <jost $4,000,000, which
the Secretary of the Navy is author
ized to construct in case he cannot se
cure armor from private bidders at a
reasonable price.
INSURGENTS SET FIRE
TO TOWN" OP SAX CARLOS
United States Cruiser Columbia Lands
.Marines to Protect German
Interests.
SAX DOMINGO. Friday, Jan. 29.—
The troops under the command of the
rebel general, Rodriguez, arrived at
Pajarito last night from San Pedro de
MacorJs. Fighting at once' com
menced and lasted during the night
and was continued to-day. A general
attack is exDect««l. Tho town of San
Carlos, which has been captured by
the insurgents, was set afire to-day.
The United States cruiser Columbia,
at the request of the German Consul
at Santa Barbara de Samana, landed
marines at a point on the beach out
side the town to protect German in
terests.2
DB. 1 -TIMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. ,_,..'*
•fav/#3 You Rheumatism, KLidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble *?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back is un- is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble, der need immediate attention.
It is nature's <imeiy warning to show In taking Swamp-Root you afford
you that the track of health is not clear. " 2t " ra ! h <-!p to Nature, for Swamp-
If these danger signals are unheeded h ffi&^$g$S&
more tenons results are sure to follow: to medical ccience. -
Bright s disease, which is the worst Swamp-Root is the ereat discovery
form of kidney trouble, may s;cal upo:i of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
5 on. bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
The mild and the txtraordinarv effect with wonderful success in both slierht
of the world-famous kidney and bladder and severe cases. Doctors recommend
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamo-Root. is it to thejr patients and use it in their
soon realized. It stands the hisrbest for own families, because they recoenize in
its wonderful cures of the most distress- Swamp-Root the greatest and most suc-
ing cases. A trial will convince any oessftil rrmedv for anv Hrrantrement of
ore — ard you may have a sample bottle the kidneys, ]iv£r and bladder,
free, by mail. So successful is Swamp-Root in
Gentlemen — Z attribute my present promptly curinpr even the most dis-
rood health to S-ramp-Ecot. I Buffered treeing cases, that to prove its' won-
£T r £5^ S^^t to SirS lI 'n^ l *bK! derful merits you may have a sample
Your jrreat reaieay. Sw&sxp-Zoot, cared! bottle and a book of valuable lnfor-
iny trouble, and I have since been per- mation. both sent absolutely free by
Si !a?CKA?:TO t c8& of roue.. mail - The book contains man >l of th . e
Ozark, Ala. thousands upon thousands of testt-
Lame back is only one symptom of tnonial letters received from men and
kidney trouble— one of many. Other women cured. The value and success
symptoms showing that you need °' Swamp-Root is so well known that
Swamp-Rcci are, being obliged to pass our readers are advised to send for' a
water often during the day and to get sample bottle. In writing to Dr. Kil-
t:p many times during the night, inabil- "i<T & Co.,. Binghamton. N. Y.. be
ity to hold your urine, smarting or irri- sure to say that you read this gener-
tation in passing, brick-dust or sedi- "us offer in the San Francisco Daily
ment in. the urine, catarrh of the blad- Call. The proprietors of this paper
dcr, uric acid, constant headache, dizzi- guarantee the genuineness of this of-
ness. sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu- fer.
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating. If you arc already convinced that
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Swamp-Root is what you need, vou can
ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com- purchase the regular fifty-cent and pne-
plexion. . ' "dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
If your w2ter when allowed to remain where. Don't make any mistake, but
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for 'remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
tweniy-four hours forms a sediment or Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
fettling, or has a cloudy appearance, it Binghamton. N. . Y.. on every bottle.
SHERIFF RETAINS FEES
AND BOOKS DISAPPEAR
>■ * » ■■■
Serious Shortage Is Discovered in the
Accounts of a Former Official
• of Orojfon.
PORTLAND, Feb. 3.— The discrep
ancy in the" accounts of ex-Sheriff Fra
zier seems likely to nrove more ex
tensive than appears f»^-.m a first read
ing of th« expert's report. The known
deficit is $37ol. but the total amount i
of fees retained by Frazier during" the
six y^ars of his incumbency- far -ex-
coeds that sum. The exact amount
cannot ftp ascertained owing: -tcr the
mysterious disappearance of Important)
records \vhi«'h should be at the Court- 1
house. Cook? containing the stubs «.f|
more than 4009 receipts, \vhich v. : e'ni
given for money paid to the ex-Sheriff,,
are missintr. Circumstances -indicate,
that ah <if tht?se receipts were- given for;
feos which "the Sheriff retained".instead'
of turnin? them into the county treqjj-;
ury, as th3 law required. The'disap-'
pearauce of th« books, therefore, ac->
quires a sinister sierniric&rtee,' thouaii,
Frazier insists that thfy Jpiost have!
br-en destroyed by accident. :
The ex-Sheriff says that ji£. -obtained'
the permission of the county-board tp'
keep these fees, but m^ctbers ''of'vtfie;'
board cannot remember .'slsriBg-lfc'"''';"^"
EF.IB. Va... Frb. 4 —The !arp<; baby t^arriagc
work? of the H. N. Thayer C<mipan>'! v together
»-1th a large «<vit of finished .poo3«. *erft <le
ptroyed by fire to-<5ay. Loss $15J>.O00..-v.\
; ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
Chas. Keiius & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
H Jgh-Grade. .Clothiers
PARAGON TROUSERS
PIT AND P L E A S E
MEN OF FASHION.
SPRING AND SUMMER
FABRICS AND MODELS
HAVE JUST ARRIVED.
WE ARE- THE SOLE AGENTS.
K e a r ri y Street
T h urio w B 1 o d k
SAN JOSE FORESTERS
WELCO3IE CHIEF RANGER
One Hundred Candidates Are Initiated
and flanquet Is Given in Honor
of Distinguished Visitor.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 8. — The'Foresters
of America of this city and Santa Clara
County . welcomed' Supreme • Chief
Hanger John F. Kelley'with' a* recep
tion- and banquet this evening. Ac
companied by a mimber of State ' of
ficers, Mr. Kelley arrived from San
Francisco at -7 o'clock to-nighi. -• ,-Sev
eral, huudred. Foresters, accompanied
by a .band,, met 'the party.at the depot
and escorted the visitors to Eagles'
Hall, where 100 candidates were initi
ated uiffler the supervision of the su
preme chief;, the: degree team of San
JoSe Court. "exemplifying; •' the secret
srork.*. ;.i Foilbwing^ the .-lodge- meeting
A reception was tendered, the -party and
this.w^g^foll^yed.by a -banquet. Wll
"llam F.VJamep :,w|js. the . toastmaster.
.Mayor AVbrswIcjc ~made ah .address of
welcome.'" Supreme Chi^f ■ ', Ranger
Kelley ■■• delivered -an extended address,
hi* subject- being VThe; American For
ester." The other speakers were
4>epnty*-S«prem^ -Chief .Ranger Sam
juels,..Grand;,Chief^Ranger. H» A. Ga
%ieL .Grand* Secretary,^JoUn J.".Cordy,
.I*asi GniniJ ChieC.Ilanger. E. I. Wolfe,
Grand- JunlOr^V/Oodwar^ H. L. r Simon,
i J 1 . Eabeland F.'Hr BensonlV-- J
BIG RUSH TO WH1TI2' RIVER
'!.'. .'■'.'■ DIGGINGS, IS EXPECTED
White Pass "People Are Making Prepa
, ration* to Accommodate" 10,000
Newcomers This Snrlnjr.
VANCOUVER, B. C:, Feb. 3.— A
special from Dawson says: Rev, John
Pringle, Counselor for the Yukon Ter
ritory and' an active missionary of the
Presbyterian church, has .just com
pleted a "mush" over the territory.
He covered a distance of 1057 miles on
snowshoes. assisted by a dog team.
Eight thousand people will' go into
the new White River diggings this sea
son. The White Pass people believe
fully 10,080 will come in and are.pre
paring for that number. ; It * is -cer
tain to be a big camp, which will
largely increase the gold output.
The election of John TImmons to
the Council has been protested on the
claim of disqualification, owing. to; his
conviction at Juneau In 1895 for shoot
ing a man with intent to kill. Tim
mons had served some years in San
Quentln. He was pardoned before the
expiration of his term. His supporters
therefore claim he is not disqualified,
although the act says any person who
been convicted of a. criminal of
i'ense is not qualified. Timmons claims
the pardon crosses the disqualification
off his record. ' : • - .<
ST. LOUIS;, Feb. • 4.-<-Tbe- collection of gold
nupret.s fouDd ;in." Alaska, valued, at, many
thoufamls of <JollaT»£*WM Term a~i>art'of the*
Alaskan exhibit at the World's Fair.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5,-1904
RUSSIA'S FINAL RESPONSE
TO MIKADO IS FORWARDED
it is beiieved that their destination is Seoul. The troops will land at or near .Chemulpo.
The foundation for this report is exceptionally strong. Four companies of Russian troops have left Port
Arthur for Yongampho and points along the Yalu River. The Russian commander at Vladivostok requested
the Japanese authorities to remove all Japanese subjects immediately. These measures, in conjunction with the
dispatch of troops from Port Arthur to Seoul, have been taken while the Russian central Government is still
negotiating with Japan.
TO-DAY WILL DECIDE THE QUESTION OF PEACE OR WAR,
IS THE BELIEF OF THE DIPLOMATS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— "War or peace will come, with to-morrow."
This is the general opinion in the diplomatic c^rps." Both at the Russian embassy and at the Japanese
legation the situation in the Far East is-described as grave. pt£m
It is stated at the Russian embassy that the St. Petersburg Government has made a determined and ear
nest effort for peace, even going so far as to offer magnanimous concessions in Korea.' The'question of Man
churia Russia is unwilling to discuss, taking the ground that .this is a subject for negotiations between St. Pe
tersburg and Peking and not between St. Petersburg and Tokio. In the opinion of the Russian Government
Japan's legitimate interests in Manchuria do not exceed those of the United States and Great Britain or of the
other powers signatory to the peace protocol of 1900. For this reason Russia lias declared her un-tyillingness to
discriminate among the powers and enter into a special treaty with Japan. ' ' • v
In the event of war it may be expected that the Russian Government -will address the powers, setting
forth her -position and briefly reviewing the vapious steps in the negotiations. It is expected* by Russia that a
war manifesto will be immediately followed here by an official declaration of neutrality, on the part of the United
States.
JAPANESE SOLDIERS IN THE ATTIRE OF CIVILIANS •
A^RE LANDING. BY THOUSANDS ON THE COAST OF KOREA
HONGKONG, Feb. 4- — Trustworthy advices from Japan state that the Japanese are landing many sol
diers in Korea in civilian attire. : It is reported that the Chinese Minister ia, Japan has advised Inking that
8000 Japanese troops have already been dispatched to Korea.
It is reported that the Chinese Government intends tp send twenty regiments to Shanhaikwan for the
protection of the railway, but the fear is expressed that Russia may refuse to permit this and that thus a rup
ture between China and Russia may be caused. ;V^'"
RUSSIAN FLEET OFF KOREA.
Muscovite Army Is Moving Southward
From Mukden.
LONDON, Feb. 5.— The news that
Russia has already dispatched her re
ply to Japan has not yet reached the
English newspapers. The most pessi
mistic views are taken of the situation.
Reports are current that prominent
commercial houses having relations
with Japan have received private dis
patches intimating the belief that a
rupture in relations between Russia
and. Japan is imminent, but nothing of
an official character is obtainable, the
alarmist views of this morning being
based solely upon the reports of yes
terday of the sailing of the Russian
fleet from Port Arthur and the rumored
Japanese move upon Korea, which are
repeated from different points in the
Far East. — .. .
The correspondent of the Daily Mail
at Chefu says a Russian fleet, com
prising all the battleships excepting
the Sebastopol and six cruisers and
two destroyers, is cruising along the
coast of the peninsula.
The Seoul correspondent of the Daily
Mail says in a dispatch that a Russian
army is moving south from Mukden,
while the correspondent of the same
paper at Port Arthur says that both
Russia and Japan have placed an em
bargo upon coal shipment
A telegram received here'frpm Copen
hagen declares , that eighteen foreign
steamships have just been chartered by
Russia to convey war material from
Odessa and Libau to the Far East.
No confirmation of the alarming war
reports current here can be obtained at
the Japanese legation and a legation
official professes ignorance of any new
decision on the part of the Japanese
government or fresh departures in the
negotiations. The official admits, how
ever, that the legation has received
official confirmation .of the reports of
greatly increased Russian naval and
military activity in, Manchuria.
English correspondents in St. Pet
ersburg refer to an exceptional honor
which has been acco'rded the Ameri
can press. The correspondent of the
Times in St. Petersburg, who consid
ers war inevitable, declares that the
Czar's hesitation has been overcome
and thai Russia will make no conces
sion. He says:
"Up to the present time not a line
of information, or apparently a word
of inspiration, has been given the
Russian press on these- serious nego
tiations, although the American press
has been honored by the granting of
an audience by the Czar to the repre
sentative of a trans-Atlantic news
agency."
POLICE "OF NICE MAKE
A SERIOUS BLUNDER
» — — —
Arrest an American Named Hurt,
Mistaking Him for Man Wanted
by Parisian Authorities.
PARIS. Feb. 4. — Inquiry concerning
the detention of Hurt and Ireland,
two Americans, at Nice, has brought
out the following facts: ,.,*
On January 26 the police of Nice
arrested Hurt, considering him to be
a man named Hurst, who was wanted
by the Paris police. Ireland, on
hearing of this, went to identify Hurt,
when the former was also held as an
accomplice. The United States- con
sular office demanded proofs of
Hurt's identity. The authorities re
plied that two days would be required
for .this.
Hurt and Ireland were brought be
fore the examining magistrate at Nice
to-day, and their examination, which
was conducted in the presence of the
consular lawyer, resulted in establish
ing the fact that there were no specific
charges against them, and that their,
original detention was due to the au
thorities having mistaken Hurt for
the man Hurst.
The United States consulate imme
diately urged the prefectorial officials
to liberate them.
Ends Hfe in n^Barber Shop.
MONTEREY, Feb. 4.— Chris Mas
sey, a. carpenter, aged about 30 years,
committed suicide in a barber shop
here about 8 o'clock this evening.
Massey had. Just seated himself in the
barber's chair and as the barber turn
ed to receive money froni a customer
he reached forward, seized a razor
from the shelf ■ in . front of; him and
drew it quickly across his throat,
making a gash almost from ear to
ear. Death ensued within a few min
utes.
Young Miner Killed by Explosion.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb.. ,4.— W. H.
Bawden of this city received news to-,
day that his son, Joseph, met .with a
terrible death in the Fremont mine
at Amador City this . morning. Ac
cording to the information the 'body
was blpwn. to pieces by a blast from,
a missed hole.
Continued From, Page 1, Columns 3. 4 and 5.
WAR SEEMS A CERTAINTY.
Gloomy Advices Received by the
Washington State Department.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The State
Department has received gloomy ad
vices from various points touching the
Russo-Japanese situation. One of the
most significant confirms the press dis
patch from Tokio respecting the noti
fication to Japanese at Vladivostok to
prepare to leave the town, a measure
which is rarely resorted to except when
war is regarded as an absolute cer
tainty.
Confirmation also comes of the re
ported disappearance of the Russian
fleet from Port Arthur. The destina
tion of the fleet, \s unknown, but the
surmise Is thai, the fleet has gone to
Vladivostok.
An unconfirmed rumor that six regi
ments of Russian troops have departed
from Newchwang for Korea is afloat.
It is said that, in anticipation of hos
tilities, the Japanese Government has
for months maintained a secret service
system throughout Manchuria and that
Japanese spies are now in position to
sever the Russians In Manchuria from
their base in case of war by destroy
ing every culvert and bridge on the
Manchurian Railway.
IMMENSE CHINESE ARMY.
Enlistment of Five Hundred Thousand
; ...-,. Recruits /is' Ordered.
LONDON. Fob.; 4.— It has been re
peatedly intimated by the authorities
in Peking, according to the London
Globe's Shanghai correspondent, that
in the event of China abandoning
Manchuria the powers would be com
pelled to safeguard their respective
interests in the remaining provinces,
"regardless of China's pseudo sover
eignty."
The revolutionists, continues the
correspondent, promise to raise a re
volt in Kwangtung in»the middle of
February and to expel the Manchus
in the event of Manchuria being
abandoned. The Dowager Empress is
said to be wavering between Russian
offers of protection and promises of
other powers to support China against
aggression, but the predominant party,
it is asserted, is preparing to Strenu
ously resist Russia and has ordered
the enlistment of a half million new
troops and the massing of regiments
in the north. The court, in- the mean
while, It is added, continues its prep
arations for flight to Sianfu. '''<
HOPE OF PEACE IS- GONE.
Feeling in Tokio That Nothing Can
Avert Hostilities.
LONDON, Feb. 4. — A dispatch to
ReuteVs. Telegram Company, from To
kio says: "The general Impression
here Is that all hope of peace is gone.
The elder statesmen had a conference
at which the Emperor was present.
It is believed a weighty decision was
reached."
A dispatch to the Central News
Agency from Seoul, Korea, says that
about 6000 Russian troops have sailed
from Port Arthur and will endeavor
to land at Chemulpo, the port of
Seoul, to-morrow.
MASSACRES ARE FEARED.
Foreigners In the Empire of Korea
Are in ' Grave Peril.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. . 4.—Ad
vices received here from Korea say
that the feeling of panic is general
there and that depression prevails in
all the seaports, where massacres of
foreigners are feared. Europeans are
preparing to send their families to
Shanghai. Every steamer from Jap
an conveys to Korea many Japanese
officers and soldiers in disguise and
their presence in such numbers is re
garded by the Rusians as being a sec
ret occupation of .Korea.
Sixty doctors have left St. Peters
burg during the last few days for
Harbin, Manchuria. ■
World's Fair Postage Stamps.
. WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. — An order
for the first of the new Louisiana'
Purchase Exposition postage stamps
has been sent to the Bureau of'En
graving and Printing. It calls for the
printing of 90,000,000 of the one-cent
stamps, . bearing the. portrait of Rob
ert L. Livingstone; 225,000,000 of the
two-cent stamps, bearing the portrait
of Thomas Jefferson; •7,500,000 of the
three-cent, with Monroe's portrait:
9,500,000 of the five-cent, with Mc-
Kinley's portrait, and 6,500,000 of the
.lO^cent stamps, with a miniature map
of 'the United States, showing the.ter
ritory acquired by the Louisiana pur
chase.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take - Laxative Bromo Qulnlnt .Tablets. All
ttrurfglrts refund th« money if »lt-f alto- to-'eure.-
JS. "W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c. •
WARNS JAPANESE TO LEAVE.
Commander of Vladivostok Garrison
Intimates War Is at Hand.
TOKIO, Feb. 4.— Premier Katsura
and his associates in the Cabinet gave
a" dinner to-day to eighteen represen
tative peers and communicated to them
the nature and progress of the dip
lomatic negotiations with Russia, The
Marquis Ito had a private audience
with the Emperor, at which the situa
tion was discussed. These and other
incidents clearly indicate the serious
ness of the situation.
It Is generally believed that Russia
is massing troops north of the Yalu
River, so as to be prepared .to resist a
possible Invasion by the Japanese.
The Cabinet, the Elder Statesmen and
commanders of the army and navy are
in almost constant conference or com
munication. There is, however, no in
dication of the course they intend to
pursue. The ' belief is prevalent that
Russia is seeking to provoke Japan to
take the initiative.
The first break in the reticence of
the Japanese Government was the pub
lication to-day of four official dispatches
from Manchuria and Siberia, which are
significant . as showing the trend of
events. . •"■
..The Japanese commercial agent at
Vladivostok was. notified on Wednes
day by the commander of the Russian
garrison that he might at any time, in
accordance with»orders from St. Peters
burg,'have to proclaim a state of siege.
Consequently he desired the agent to
make preparations for the eventual de
parture of Japanese residents. Should
any wish to remain they will be ordered
to repair to Habarovsk.
Japanese official reports confirm the
news of marked military activity in
Manchuria. Houses have been pre
pared at Liaoytang, Halcheng, Kai
chow and other places for the accom
modation of Russian soldiers. Carts
have been requisitioned to transport
ammunition and stores.
Troops are steadily moving in the
direction of the Yalu and the Chinese
residents of Yingchou are preparing for
flight. .
The Government has been informed
that the Russian fleet has left Port
Arthur. Its destination is not known.
Monterey Ordered to Canton.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. — The Navy
Department announced to-day that
the monitor Monterey has left Hong
kong for Canton. It is believed here
that the departure of the Monterey
for that place- may have been influ
enced by the report of unrest there.
VON BALLESTREM GIVES
'0v£ BANQUET TO EMPEROR
Distinguished Guests of the German
Court Attend the Function in
Full Uniform. 'x^W.
BERLIN, Feb. 3.— Count von Balle
strem, V president of the Reichstag,
opened his new official quarters to
night with a banquet to Emperor Wil
liam and fifty other, guests. .The Em
peror, who was in the uniform of the
Guard dii Corps, led the Countess von
Eallestrem in to dinner. A noticeable
feature of the. gathering was that
everybody who could do so wore mili
tary uniforms. Count von Ballestrem
was in the uniform of the Cuirassiers,
while Count yon Bulow, the Imperial
Chancellor, was clad in the Hussar uni
form. Count von Ballestrem is a Sile
sian, and there was served at the ban
quet a popular Silesian dish made of
bacon and dumplings. After the dinner
the Count presented the members of the
Reichstag staff to the Emperor, who
chatted with the guests for two hours
and a half.
The American Chamber of Commerce
of Berlin held its anniversary dinner at
the Hotel Savoy to-night, and toasts
were drunk to the Emperor and Presi
dent Roosevelt. Professor W. A. Brown
of Union Theological Seminary, New
York, spoke in. reply to the toast "Ger
many and the United States," and Jo
seph Bruckner,' commissioner of the St.
Louis Exposition to Germany, made an
address on the strengthening of peace
and friendship between the two coun
tries through trade relations. _
Prince and Princess Henry of Prussia
dined with Embassador Tower and Mrs.
Tower to-night.
Kaiser ' Wilhelm Sighted.
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— The North
German Lloyd steamer Kaiser- Wil
helmder Grosse. from Bremen, South
ampton and Cherbourg for New York,
was reported as having been in com
munication with the Nantucket Light
ship at 4:20 p. m. She probably will
dock about 9 a. m. to-morrow.
Panama Canal Hearing; Set.
PARIS, Feb. 8.— The First Tribunal
of the Seine to-day set* the hearing of
the case of the republic of Colombia
against the Panama Canal Company
for February 17.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— President and Mrs.
Roopevelt gave a reception at the White House
to-night in honor oC Congress. HBEtt!
BOYS IN BLUE
EVACUATE CUBA
Lower the American Flag From
Cabanas Fortress and Board
the Army Transport Simmer
PAL3IA KETUBXS THANKS
President of Republic Pays
Graceful Compliments to the
Government of United States
HAVANA, Feb. 5.— The last vestige
of the American occupation of Cuba
disappeared this afternoon when - the
American flag was lowered from the
Cabanas fortress and the last' battalion
of American soldiers marched to the
pier and boarded the United States
army transport Sumner, which will
sail to-morrow for Florida.
The Sumner had brought the Seven
teenth and Nineteenth companies of
United States Artillery from Santiago,
and these troops. participated, with the
Twenty-first and Twenty-second com
panies, who have been stationed here,
in the evacuation of Cabanas.
President Palma and the members
of his Cabinet, General Rodriguez, com
mander of the Rural Guards; United
States Minister Squlers and the mem
bers of the legation staff witnessed the
ceremony of hauling down the Ameri
can flag and hoisting the Cuban flag
with the usual salutes.
President Palma addressed Minister
Squiers and Major Brown, commander
of the American troops, saying:
We are confronted by one of the most ex
traordinary facts recorded hi the, annals of
universal history— the departure from our
shores of the last troops the United States
had kept in Cuba after helping us to secure
our Independence and the blessings of free
dom. They could stay longer, under tome
pretext, or an unjust demand could be Im
posed upon us; but on the contrary the Gov
ernment of the United States, identified as it
is with the liberal spirit and noble character
of the American people, willingly proves its
disinterestedness' and sincerity Of the aid It
rendered urn by taking these men away and
showing us at the same time that we have, as
an Independent people,, the confidence of one of
the most powerful nations on earth.
This act of the United States In withdraw
ing its troops from Cuban territory reflects
upon it everlasting glory and makes us proud
of ourselves, for It means that nobody doubts
our ability to govern ourselves or to main
tain peace and order and guarantee the rights
of all the inhabitants of (his island.' This
new consideration Fhown ur. together with the/
services we have previously received at their
hands, will bind the Cuban people to the
American people forever In & strong tie of
sincere cratftude.
Major Brown replied to President
Palma and thanked him for his kind
ness to the American officers and sol
diers.
There were many more American
spectators present than Cubans, and
the only diplomat besides Minister
Squiers to witness the departure of the
Americans was the Chinese Minister,
who was accompanied by his staff. The
British Minister sent his regrets.
LEAD LINlpD STILLS
CAUSE MANY DEATHS
More Than n Hundred Persons in
Hungary Are Poisoned and
Many Die.
BUDAPEST, Feb. 3.— An epidemic
of lead poisoning has broken out in the
villages of Obrezza, Marga and Glun
boka, in Krasso-Szorney County, as
the result of drinking brandy made in
lead-lined stills. Over a hundred per
sons were poisoned and a number of
them are dead. The' distillers claim
that lead-lined stills give a higher de
gree of alcohol than other kinds of
stills.
New Hotel Is Planned for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 3. — A syndi
cate of San Francisco capitalists pro
poses to build another great hotel In
Los Angeles. It will embrace in Hs
construction unique feature of
the leading carvansaries of the world
and its estimated cost will be $1,500.
000. It is the purpose of those inter
ested to have the hotel open for busi
nes by the time the tourist rush be
gins next fall.
Native Sons Entertain Grand Trustee
SAN JOSE, Feb. 3,-^rand Trustee
Frank Wehe of the Native Sons of the
Golden West was tendered a reception
by San Jose Parlor this evening. A
short musical programme and a ban
quet were the features. President M.
M. Prola of San Jose Parlor presided.
Many members of the order were.pres
ent. Trustee Wehe delivered an ad
dress, and speeches were also made by
prominent members of the order.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
Mm Special Sale of|
mm Neckwear
&•' 'c$%ffi : ~'*'% Here is a good chance to lay in it supply of
fcgfcgiilv^Vji neckwear to last you six months, and the cost
t^p.V^r.i.'^^K will be very nominal.
W<W''iitt@&& e ave P^ acec^ on sa^ e some P ure s *lk
i7[^ : '?'jjffi$$W scarfs. four-in-hands, in different widths and
j^v^jj|g&£if late shapes, together with some liberally sized
The silk is from the looms c\ Paterson,- j
*' !^^^«flif ew J erse }"' wnere some of the best Ameri- i
: v f^^wSjlij can silk is woven. The making was done by y
|5^^^^^ one of the fines* scarf manufacturers in this f
■/«^^w'^[ e es come * n light' medium and dark j
(«e^h':.*o2S shades of beautiful colors and designs in bcth I
P ronoiincef l ami quiet tones.
There is a feast jo store for you, as the
ij&jjs^'V/'a Out-of-town orders filled — write us. j
JACKSOX GOURACD'S VILLA
IS BURNED TO THE GROUND
Larchmont Fire Department I'nablo
• to Save Even Part of Handsome
nntl Costly Structure.
LARCIIMONT. N. Y., Feb. 4.—Jack
son Gouraud'a villa "La Hacienda"
was destroyed by fire this afternoon.
Gouraud was here at the time, having
come to see his architect about a big
addition that was in process of con
struction*
Gouraud's housekeeper, Mrs. Cousins,
went into the house during the fire and
was overcome. She was rescued by
Frederick W. Flint and his son-in-law,
Albert J. Morgan, two well-known
members of the Larchmont Yacht
dab.
The Fire Department was unable to
save even *a part of the villa. The
damage is estimated at more than
$150,000.
Mrs. Gouraud was Amy Crocker of
California, who was married and di
vorced twice.
POSSE CAPTURES XEGRO ., .
ACCUSED OF A MURDER
He Will Be Lynched if Two Alleged
• Accomplices Who Are still at
Large Are Caught.
ITTABENA, Miss., Feb. 4.— A posse
has captured one negro who Is charged
"with complicity in the killing 1 yester
day of James Eastland, a prominent
white planter near Doddsvllle. Miss.
Posses are in close pursuit of John
Holbert and bis wife, the other negroes
who are charged with complicity i« the
killing. It la practically assured, that
all three negroes will be lynched if the
two now at large are captured. .
DISTINGUISHED MEN TO
ACT AS PALLBEARERS
Grover Cleveland, EJlhu Root and J. P.
Mnrgaq -Anionjr Vhose Who. Will •'
Attend Whitney's Funeral. .
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.-:— The pall
bearers for the funeral of the late W.
C. Whitney were announced to-<!ay as
follows: Grover Cleveland, Thomas F.
Ryan. Elihu Root, Thomas Dolan. J.
P. Morgan. Grant B. 'Schley. WWllam
Jay, P. A. B. Widener, H. McK.
Twombley and G. G. Haven. iVilliam.
Ordway Partridge, the sculptor, took a
death mask of Mr. 'Whitney to-day.
The Jockey eiub at a special meeting
to-day decided to attend the funeral
of the late William C Whitney, in "a>
body. .Resolutions commending Mr.,
Whitney's public record and b.is liber
ality and broad-mindedness in the pa
tronage of »ports were adopted. ..
POPE ORDERS A UNION* ::■
OF RELICS AND RITES
Cnrdinal Crctonl of Latter Body Will
Be Made prefect «* the United
Conjjrcfjatlons. '
ROME. Feb. 3. — TJie Pope to-day Is
sued an order by which the Congrega
tion of Indulgences and Sacred. Relics is
united with the Congregation of "Ritea.
Cardinal Cretoni. the prefect of the
latter organization, will be prefect of
the united congregations, but as he is
seriously 111. Cardinal Tripepi, tiow
prefect of the Congregation of 'Indul
gences and Sacred Relics, has been ap
pointed pro-prefect of the united con
gregations. -■VC'.
Salinas Infanticide IS Dead.
SALIXAS, Feb. 3. — Mrs. Louis P.
Iveraon, who, about three months ago
during a fit of religious insanity, killed
her three children at Pacific Grove,
was brought back to Salinas to-night
in response to a telegram from the
physicians at Agnews Asylum statins
that she was dying. She was accom
panied by her mother, brother and"
husband and was very weak and feeble
when she reached the depot. She tyas
removed in a carriage to her home and
there died a few hours later.
Bridal Dress SOO Years Old.
A beautiful Turkish dress which has
been the wedding dress of three Turk
ish Princesses Is offered for sale at the
i Social Bureau, New Bond street. Lon
don. It is mada of wonderfully supple
white watered silk, embroidered all
over a conventional pattern, worked
in bullion gold, and is as good -and
beautiful as when it was made, between
£00 and 300 years ago. It is estimated
that th£ gold bullion alone is worth
£150. An Italian tablecloth made in the
fifteenth century, 4£ Genoese velvet and
embroidered in colored floral design,
outlined again with beaten gold, was
sent over with the dress. It is supposed
to have been stolen by tha«Turks dur
ing the Byzantine period. Of late it
has graced a Turkish harem. — Balti
more American.
When religion ip but recreation life
Is likely to become desecration.LONG-DELAYED DOWNPOUR
WELCOMED IN AUSTRALIA
Farmers Fight Pests That Threaten to Ruin Crops.
Grain Will Hereafter Be Inspected and Graded.
Results of Federal Elections Causing Comment
This Is a remarkable summer season
from many points of view for Australia.
During the prolonged period of drouth
;nuch of the farm and pasture land re
mained fallow, so that when the long
delayed rains came an'd the drouth
was broken there was a Quick and thick
growth of vegetation of every descrip
tion Rich waving grass, nearly up to
a. man's head, stands where before was
bare soil and dust ankle deep. The
half -starved thin remnants of the once
numerous flocks and herds that before
covered the ranges and runs have be
come sleek and fat, but there are too
few of them and even with the rapid
extension of the ello system only a
portion of the immense superabundance
of animal feed can be utilized and the
remainder is forming a vast inflam
mable mass, which threatens wide
spread terror and destruction. Every
where corps of fire-fighters are being
organized. Sale of matches has been
Interdicted and broad spaces around
etations, farms and villages are being
cleared of tha welcome and at the same
time dreaded grass.
In tae agricultural district* there has
be&a a tremendous product of cereals,
vegetables, fruits and flowers, and
should the weather remain generally
favorable the harvest will be the larg
er that Australia has ever seen. «Veg
etables are especially abundant and of
Immense Else, as are also all kinds of
iTuits, much of -which will remain un
fathered.
But *he? very abundance of vegetation
is becoming a source of much evil. New
South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and
ether states, too, are now suffering
from a plague of butterflies, moths and
ratei-plllare," the latter swarming so
thick, one 'the rails that trains are un
j.ble to move through the slfme of the
crushed bodies. Engines have to carry
sweeper* in front to clear the rails.
Farmers ere fighting hard to save their
crops, which are being destroyed by
.-wholesale. The white butterfles are so
thick in places as to look like a fall of
si«ow. Swarms of bees are unusually
p'antifult and the natives predict great
stores of wild honey. White ants, too,
iiavc come in myriads, invading the
houses and threatening great destruc
tion of woodwork.
The insect pefcts are so numerous and
bo widely spread that it is doubtful
tvtaether the later Australian crops will
•ct<apj -partial destruction.
Tho fruit fly has been especially hurt
ful to the orchards this season and is
making a visit of much longer duration
thai« ever noticed before. A Govern
ment entomologist leaves for Brazil
early in February to secure a parasite
for the fruit fly. the one brought from
•India not having proved a success. The,
<work of the olive scale parasite, lately
brought from California, is very satis
factory, while the one brought from
Cape Tovn did not do at all well, either
In* propagation or destructive work-
Anthrax and swine fever are preva
lent in fome parts, and the authorities
are instituting a rigid system of in-
Fj,ection of the stock and enforcing
rule? to prevent the spread of the dis
ease?.
In somn districts the heavy rains
since Christmas have done much dam
a?re *o the crops, both standing and in
stacks. An unusually heavy hail
siorrri and grale on Xew Year's day in
Oauiburn Valley leveled some thou
sands <?f aires of wheat and uprooted
the trees over larpe areas, while floods
•helped to swell the damage. The corn
crop has had too much rain.
Australian farmers are beginning to
pee the profit to be made in turning
their grain into pork and during the
coming season this will be done largely.
The wheat industry is to see some
marked improvements also. Now that
the shippers are more important buy
rrs than tke millers the demands of the
latter have found tti*e ear of the trade
?nd a movement is on foot to have a
rf gular ■ system of inspection and
standards obtaining in the markets
DE. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
As an Act of Humanity
I ask rev. to tr 11 me a f rier.et wh» '
needs belp. That is all— just th«
cost of a peccy. Tell rne today
the strne cf sont* sick on*.
Tell Me The Book to Send .
Thai I » >'. ! 6n this:— I • i'. ■ arraef e * xth a dn.ff.il
■tear !i:m to that he tear cake t:x Uonlf* Dr. Shoop's
Keitorotrve. He mat «kt it a r-.onth to prove »hat it
or. 6r> U ft (ttevteds. the cov u I5.11. If it fail*, I
••ill e»y tlie cn-s; .11 itiyjeif *.r.4 the licfc one"« mere
»-erd thalldecioe it. - ■'<
It u but • trifle I a«k el.yeu— }o»t a m.nule'i time— •
pecr.y posul. -*i>d I **k ittoaxta sickfri'nd. t
It is a remarkable thina; that I do in return— lomrtmna:
thut no other physician rver offered Ai.rt 1 do it fora
Uon't ?oj<li> t*» f !::i!e-ard ;n<!ai — m J ' *tU d* tht
rtt'*
Vna atk wiat road it «itl <!o
l>jt montl>'« te« will tell. It li tree that i*r Be-
*tnrat:ve may fail. There t* •jpmetirr.ei a cauM— like
canrer — which medicine cannot core, rlut tlie very fact
• ■' my offer irnid prove that failure* are rare, for if they
were cemmon tlie offer «<ni*>l ruin me.
• In tlie part t»rlv€ year* 1 have Miri'-'ed my Pi-stou-
live to liwi>rf»H«of il»oi!saiid*«m ju« thnte lerma, and
,s out of 40 Juve paid rbrilv. heraine tliey cot well. I
Jjve fouttd that the cored or.e* at« fair— Jtad not a
penny u wanted irnm the rest. - j
A «:<-k one who nerlecti such an "Her i« unkind to
rnniseif. for xuccena mean* liealth. and jy ou« of each *■>
mrr.an it. I aflure mean* nothing lost. ' - -
My bound !e«»fait!i in this remedy w boni of a tife-
tinw'ienperience. I have jeited it tti hundred* of the
e»o*tdi«kui: ci*e* that phyMCian* ever meet. I hare
watdsed it *urceed-^cuuntle*» time*— when the best of
o;!»er treatments failed . ' '-'
I know what it willcu. •
My tuttes* comet lrom aircRtthenirc the insida
nerves. 1 Iwn* hack the ner»e power which a lone oper-
ates all the vital ori-ana.
( don't H -j< ■■1 tlie organs, for the best result* ef tiiat
riethod are or.ly temporary. I cive those weak organs
Mrejirtn to do tlwirciuty br restoring the only power
that mzk's then art. ■■■ -''.
There is no other way You cannot restore a ,»ealt
er.jjiie by doc«.nnr tt-.e machine.. You must tire it
inore *ttirn— ar.d inside nerve power is the steam of the
body.
leil me a frierd who needs this help. Tbe test will
fcarm no «me ur.de t any condition. And it nuv be that
Che sick one can otherwise never ret well.
aimply «ftau which Eook * «» Vyspfml*,
U,ck you want and g2&5 £ & kBS&,.
eddresa Dr. Ehoop. Book 4 for Women.
hex £C20. Racine. Book 5 lor Men
lv i« tsealed).
~ *r Book C on Rbeum&tlam
Mild cares, sot chronic, are often cured
with cse or tr. o bottlea. At drucriata*.
.... ; ==
You may as well know
Schilling's Best— at your gro*
;er's.
Costs nothing to know; for
lioneyback. w " \
abroad. The F. A. Q. (fair average
quality) standard that has been in use
heretofore will have to go.
This movement hajs helped to accen
tuate the necessity of "seed grain Im
provement," and good results may be
expected shortly from planting seed
that Is uniform In size and as to time
of germination and ripening, to which
little care has been given heretofore.
The results of the late Federal elec
tions are causing much talk among the
people and discussion. in the press. The
Melbourne- Argus in an editorial lately
summed these up as follows:
The Federal elections have resulted In a de
cided accession to the ranks of the labor mem
bers. In the Senate they have gained no fewer
than six seats,' four at the expense of the Min
istry.- two at the coet of the Opposition. In
th« House of Representatives the supporters
of the Ministry have dwindled from 32 tQ 26.
the Opposition remaining at 27, while the
Socialists have mounted from 10 to 22. Tha
Ministry is thus rewarded for Its submission
to the labor leaders in the last Parliament.
Far as it went. It did not go far enough; and
the commonwealth has now learned that noth-
Ingr will satisfy the extremists but the return
of men pledged to the strictest party disci
pline and bound to carry the socialistic pro
gramme to its furthest limits.
The Sydney Morning Herald says:
The position of the Ministry in the now
Federal Parliament does not promise to be a
comfortable one. The result of the Federal
elections has placed Mr. Deakin, Premier, and
the party he leads In a clear minority, both
the Opposition and Labor being: numerically
stronger. Ministers depend, no doubt, on the
6upport of Labor members, but that is not a
condition of things which either Ministerial
ists or the country can view with much com
placency. The terms of such 'support were
laid down, in the L>abor manifesto, and it it
difficult to see how any Ministry, with the
least ehred of self-respect or sense of consti
tutional responsibility could accept them, or
how a wholesome public opinion could tol
erate a government which surrendered its au
thority on euch term*.
The Argus again says:
The issue of the triangular flght which
must take place between parties In the Fed
eral Parliament Is very difficult to predict.
On the one side there is Mr. Deakin. with a
party In the House of Representatives of
twenty-six members (Including Mr. Kingston),
and In the Senate of six or seven. Opposed to
him is Mr. Reid, with a party of twenty-seven
straight-out Oppositionists (we are presuming
that Mr. Blackwood wins the Riverlna seat),
and In the Senate a following of fifteen. Be
tween these is the Labor party (and Mr.
Kingston;, the Labor party numbering twen
ty-two in one Hause and fifteen in the other.
There is little doubt that Mr. Deakin will try
to gain the support of the Labor party by
conceding all that the constitution allows him
to »ive.
After discussing the probable pro
gramme as to the arbitration, old age
pensions, high commisisoner, and
Federal capital bills, which will be
among the first considered, the Ar
gus winds up by saying: "The out
look is most uncertain and far from
reassuring."
The- Prime Minister in a circular
has invited joint action of all the
States of the commonwealth in the
mattter of again attracting immi
grants.
Speaking of this action, the Sydney
Morning Herald says:
There is much reason for the recommenda
tion of the Premier of the Commonwealth that
the question of immigration should receive
the attention of the .State Premiers prior to
any consideration of the debts. Where G75.-
OU<> represented the net immigration of the
Commonwealth in the ten years ended 1891,
only «13G were added to the population in the
following- decade. " And no improvement lipa
since set in. Well, therefore, may the ques
tion of the causes of the cessation of immi
gration be considered.
The Melbourne Argus lays the
blame for the condition of affairs on
the Government in the following:
That the tide of immigration Into Australia
from Europe has ceased to flow Is a fact to
which the Prime Minister has drawn special
attention. It will occasion surprise, as well
as satisfaction, to find that Mr. Deakin re
grets that the human stream which has its
source in Britain and other lands is no longer
attracted to our shores. Several recent events
might have led people to suppose that he
would be glad that our own countrymen and
enterprising foreigners po longer desire to
enter Australia. For the past three .years the
Government with which he has been con
nected has been building a wall to keep people
out. Now that Australia is thoroughly in
trenched he peeps over the barricades and
notes with dismay that no one, desires to
come in. ,
The Russo-Japanese imbroglio and
the outcome thereof is a matter of
great interest in Australia. The Brit
ish Government is apparently .prepar
ing for every contingency and is keep
ing in close' advice /with the defense
department. A mobilization order for
the naval reserve would surprise few
people in Australia if war becomes
imminent
• In an editorial entitled "War and
Australian Defense," the Argus says:
The considerations suggested by' these
things easily raise the question as to what
Australia is ready to do in her own defense
in the event of war being declared and Great
Britain being drawn Into the conflict; or, sec
ondarily, in the event of Japan emerging \-lc
torlous from a single-handed conflict ° with
Russia. There is a certain amount of menace
to Australia involved In either contingency.
Are we prepared to defend ourselves If at
tacked, and are we able to withstand a Jap
anese attack later on our scheme for a "white
Australia T' The questions resolve themselves
In the KimpIeNme of capacity for defense, and
with our curtailed defense expenditure and
diminished numbers, the absence of ammuni
tion factories on an adequate scale, the at
tacks of Mr. Watson and the Labor party on
the Federal military estimates, and Sir Wil
liam Lyne's ready submission to Labor dicta
tion en that subject while acting during the
absence of Sir John Forrest in England, we
have a situation which, to say the least, is
not reassuring.
Commander Colquhoun haj been
granted leave of absence by the Min
ister of Defense to go to Tokio as cor
respondent for the Times in the event
of war. The Prime Minister has stated
that Commander Colquhoun would 'also
act a* Australia's naval representative
at the front and that the special knowl
edge which he might acquire In actual
naval warfare would be placed at the
disposal of the commonwealth upon his
return.
A resort has been received by the
Minister for Mines and Agriculture
from J. B. Suttor, Government com
mercial agent in the East, on the sub
ject of trade with the Philippines. He
says the outlook certainly appears very
good for Xew South Wales' products,
and in all interviews It was impressed
upon him that the New South Wales
manufacturers should have a commer
cial museum at Manila, so as to show
our products to the best advantage.
In .the report Mr. Suttor remarks: "The
trade of the Philippines Is worth mak
ing a great effort to capture. During
the next twelve months no stone should
be left unturned to obtain a proper
footing."
Eloper Receives His Pardon.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— Walter yT
Williams, the youth who a few
months ago eloped from Santa Clara
with his landlady's daughter, leaving
a board bill unpaid, for which he was
sentenced to six months in the Coun
ty Jail, and who a few days ago mar
ried the girl, received his pardon to
day from Governor Pardee. Superior
Judge Hyland and ex-Judge Leib
cSfned the petition for his pardon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
PARTY POLICIES
ARE CONTRASTED
• i
Senate Chamber the Arena of
an Interesting Debate on
the Day's Political Issues
LODGE VERSUS GORMAN
Harrison and Cleveland Ad
ministrations Are Compared
by the Rival Spokesmen
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The Senate
chamber again to-day was the arena
of an interesting political debate, with
the provision in the urgent deficiency
Appropriation bill for a loan of $4,600,
000 for the St. Louis Exposition the
basis for the discussion.
The controversy was precipitated by
Lodge, who quoted many official figures
to demonstrate that Republican policies
had not been a failure in the United
States. Foraker also spoke, devoting
himself largely to a comparison of con
ditions under th^e Harrison administra
tion and those under the administration
of Cleveland, to the advantage of the
former. '
On the Democratic side Gorman and
Bailey were the orators. Gorman ex
plained his attitude toward the army
and navy and charged that at the close
of the Harrison administration the
treasury of the United States was in
a very bad way. Bahey followed up
this charge with an elaborate presenta
tion of statistics and contended that
the export trade of the United States
under Cleveland was greater than un
der Harrison. The exposition amend
ment had not been disposed of when
the Senate adjourned.
Newlands of Nevada denied Spoon
er's charge that In his speech at Omaha
he had repudiated the anti-imperial
istic issue. Speaking of the recently
negotiated treaty with Cuba Newlands
said that we were seeking exclusive
privileges in that island, because trust
prices were such in the United States
that we could not compete with other
countries in our Cuban, trade on a
natural basis.
FAVORS A STRONG NAVY.
Lodge defended the Republican ad
ministration against the charge of neg
lecting other afeairs in the interest of
the army and navy. He considered
that the navy outweighed all others of
our institutions in importance and that
It was the "last place to economize and
the first place to spend." He would
economize, if economize we must, In
expositions and fairs and not on the
defense of the country.
Gorman disclaimed any intention to
follow Lodge in comparing the Cleve
land administration with others,' for it
could not be made fairly. Yet it was,
he said, fair to say that Cleveland had
been compelled to. meet. a condition in
the treasury so serious that a Repub
lican Secretary of the Treasury had
said that bankruptcy was threatened.
Certainly the Democratic administra
tion was not responsible for that con
dition.
Commenting on the present condition
of the country's finances Gorman said
that it was due to the immense ex
penditures made In preparation for war
—$82,000,000 last year for the navy and
$118,000,000 for the army— m a time of
profound peace. He denied that he
had been an enemy of the upbuilding
of the navy. 6n the contrary he would
have a navy ample to guard American
interests everywhere. But he had no
idea of a navy to compete with that of
Great Britain or Germany, because our
conditions did not require such a navy.
He did not want a navy for display,
but for service.
"I want economy in it," he said, and
he called attention to the effectual aid
given to Venezuela during the Cleve
land administration.
COST OF OUR SEA FORCE.
"We did that," he said," as a cost of
$16,000,000 a year, and now we pay
$82,000,000 a year for a navy which is
to threaten Colombia."
He would reduce the expenditures
in the navy and he would scale the
army down from 100,000 men, as now
authorized, to 50,000 men.
Gorman commended the removal of
our fleet from the scene of trouble in
the Orient by order of the President,
saying the brave commander of the
fleet would like a part In any trouble.
It was rumored, he went on, in
high naval circles that the United
States was marching around the globe
with a chip on its shoulder with a
taunt to Germany to knock it off.
Foraker announced his support Vof
the exposition amendment and ex
pressed regret that the question should
have been given a political hue. He
expressed surprise at Gorman's re
marks concerning the condition of the
finances of the country at the close of
Harrison's administration. He re
called the panic of 1893, which, he
declared, was precipitated by the elec
tion of Cleveland on a platform pledg
ing the repeal of the McKinley tariff
law and the substitution of a tariff fpr
revenue only.
Patterson of Colorado asked For
aker how he accounted for the cut In
the wages of the textile and steel
workers and the miners of the bitu
minous coal fields, in view of his con
tention that prosperity was uninter
rupted.
FORAKER DEFENDS THE ARMY.
Foraker replied that the reduction
of the wages In textile workers was
due to the advance in the price of
cotton. As for the other reductions,
it was no unuffual thing to make
changes in wages. He defended the
army and said" it cost relatively more
than that of other countries because
it v/as composed of citizens temporar
ily serving their country, but still citi
zens.
Bailey said that no one party was
responsible for all that was good in
the times — that was the joint product
of God and man. It was not true, he
said, that the Democratic party was
the party of hard* times.
He added:
"Unpopular as was Mr. Cleveland,
he was not more so than will be the
man whom you will elect next Novem
ber, if you elect one. In fact, I have
never known of a candidate whom
so many favor and so few want as the
present occupant of the White
House.'! :
Pyrography outfits, cameras, albums
and books on photography in the artists'
material department. San born. Vail & Co.*
LEVITY CLOSES
POSE SESSION
Dalzell and Grosyenor Com
pete for the Distinction~~o"f
Moving an Adjournment
DIPLOMATIC BILL PASSES
Measure Carries a Trifle Less
Than Two Million Dollars
and Is Not Amended
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The anima
tion of yesterday was completely lack
ing in the proceedings of the House to
day. The principal feature of the day
was the rivalry between Republican
leaders for the honor of moving an ad
journment. The diplomatic and consu
lar appropriation bill had been disposed
of, and Chairman Hitt, in charge of the
measure, left early, as did Payne, the
floor leader. Hitt requested Dalzell to
"watch things" and move to adjourn
when the proper time came.
Payne met Grosvenor in the corridor
on going out and asked him to "watch
things and move to adjourn."
Several bills were passed by unan
imous consent- after the diplomatic bill
had been disposed of, and after each
Dalzell tried to make the adjournment
motion. He was finally recognized by
the Speaker and had the motion on his
tongue's end when Grosvenor, with a
twinkle in his eye, bounded to his feet
and frantically addressed the chair.
"For what purpose does the gentle
man arise?" queried Speaker Cannon.
"I wish to move that the House ad
journ," demurely replied Grosvenor.
His motion prevailed.
The diplomatic bill, carrying $1,995,
600, was passed without amendment.
Everything but the bill was discussed
during Its consideration. Morrell of
Pennsylvania led with an argument for
some system of building up the Ameri
can merchant marine. . A Democratic
political speech by Hamlin of Missouri
followed, and received a. brief reply
from Fuller of Illinois. Lind of Minne
sota spoke for Canadian reciprocity.
Government Owns One Automobile.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Secretary
Cortelyou, in replying to the inquiry
of the House as to the number of car
riages, etc., maintaned at Government
expense for the use of heads of his
department, discloses the first auto
mobile thus far revealed as belonging
to the Government in answers made
to the Government Vehicle query.
There are eight carriage horses used
in his department, the Secretary says,
costing $4260, and harness costing
$985. Four men are detailed to drive
and care for the livery at an annual
salary of $2850.
. Agricultural Bill Is Reported.
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. — The agri
cultural appropriation bill, reported
to the House to-day, carries a total
of $5,711,240, an increase of $233,000
over the currept.lawi' Only two sal
aries are raised by the bill, and these
only temporarily, being $500 each to
the chiefs of the Bureau of Animal
Industry and Entomology.
WASHINGTON; Feb. 4.— It Is learned un
officially that Mr. Swinderin will probably suc
ceed Baron Givers as the Minister of the
Netherlands at Washington.
: ADVERTISEMENTS^ .
jTiTifi ff m^k7^^1P&^&\7% 1 .Joiiiiiiiilil '
Special sales at #8.50 and $8.75 are of common If^P
February and no doubt many firms are giving good' 1111111
But when they reduce a garment 25 per cent they v P^^^^S^B^W^^^^k 8111111
have not even brought their goods down to what we
sell ours for regularly." You see, they do not make &^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
facture our own goods and retail clothing direct for at ' -
getting" here whe'n we reduce ' our $12.50 suits and
This reduction has been made. The goods are
here ready for those economical buyers who believe in ¥^^^^M^ ::^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wj^^^
The suits are single and double breasted garments,
made from fancy cheviots, in golden brown and olive BfMM^tf^^
green effects, and also from black cheviots and blue IW^m^0^'^W^^S^^&^^^^^m^^
°The overcoats are those long 50-inch garments P^^^m^0^0^^^^^^^^^0$^^^^^
with belts in back, as here pictured, which we call the
Then there are some' 45-inch regular style over- fM^^^M^^W^^^^^^^^^S:
coats in black and -blue cheviots, and short top coats in M^^^mEl^^Mx^^^^^^^^^^
MaH Write Jillli ;::; '-^|^^^^
Pilled 7AO Mflplcet" - v/nxalogue -^I>¥hH8kk^ 1^
PERKINS MAKES
STRONG SPEECH
Senator From California Ad
dresses Committee on Matter
of Selection of Camp Ground
OPPOSES NAMING- OF SITE
Believes That War Department
Should Be Allowed to Deter
mine Most Desirable Location
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— A hearing
took place before the Committee on
Military Affairs to-day on the matter
of the selection of a camp and maneu
ver ground in California. Senator
Perkins made a " strong argument
agrainst naming either of the ranches
that have been referred to, but advo
cated instead that the matter be left
to the War Department to make the
choice. He advocated that the site be
recommended generally to be located
within an area embraced in Monterey,
San Luis Obispo, Santa Cruz and
Santa Barbara counties. He warned
the committee against being influenced
by the arguments of real estate deal
ers or persons interested individually
in either ranch. He also referred to
the fact that the appropriation for the
purchase as contemplated amounted to
$300,000^ while the Henry ranch will re
quire $500,000. Without regard to this,
however, he said the responsibility for
the choice should properly rest with
the War Department. Insistence on
naming any particular location would
doubtless result in opposition and dis
sension and cause delay in determin
ing the matter.
Representative Daniels also spoke
along the same lines.
Judge Stevens of Iowa made the ar
gument inbehalf of the Henry ranch.
He is a brother-in-law of J. H. Henry,
owner of the ranch.
Ex-Secretary of the Navy Herbert
appeared as attorney for the owners
of Nacimlento. He dwelt particularly
on the sanitary conditions of the prop
erty in contradiction of reports to the
contrary. The hearing was postponed
for one week.' - : •
Senator Perkins submitted a report
from the Committee on Fisheries to
day authorizing the establishment of a
scientific fish station at San Pedro, as
recommended by Professor Ritter of
the California State University. This
bill was introduced last session also,
but failed at that time to secure a
favorably report.
Xew York Theaters Are Closed.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Mayor Mc-
Clellan to-day ordered the closing of
the ■ Grand Opera-house, Madison
square Theater, Princess Theater,
vaudeville theaters, Hurtig & Sea
mon's and tlie/ theater part of Huber's
Museum until certain alterations for
safety are made by the houses named.
Cockran May Have No Opposition.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— No nomina
tion^ was made by the Republican
Congressional Convention of the
Twelfth District (McClellan's) to
nisht, find it is probable W. Bourke
Cockran will have no opposition at
the polls.
RAISING FUNDS
FOR THE CANAL
Secretary Shaw Sends Letter
of- Instructions, to All the
: : National Bank Depositories
$50,000,000 IS NEEDED
Portion of the Money Will Be
Withdrawn Within Ten Days
to Settle for Right of Way
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Secretary
Shaw to-day sent the following . letter
to all national bank depositories hold
ing: special Government deposits re
garding prospective calls for funds on
account of the Panama canal purchase:
Sirs: It teems probable that the Govern
ment will be called upon In the near future
to pay 950,000,000 preliminary to the con
struction of an lnteroceanic canal. In addi
tion to this there ara outstandlnr approxi
mately $5,000,000 of the United States bonds
which by their terms mature on February 1,
1904, and Congress 1» considering a proposi
tion to loan between $4,000,000 and $5,000,000
to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. To
meet these probable demands It will be neces
sary to withdraw at least $3O,l)0O,0CO from
de;>osltories. " .
You are, ■ therefore, requested to make Im
mediate preparations for the payment on de
mand of 20 per cent at New "York. In the
r*ar future, possibly within ten days, you
will be asked to transfer this amount to some
one of the New York depository banks, to be
us««d in settlement for the canal right-of-way.
If you desire to sell a portion of the securi
ties now. held- by the Government against your
deposit you will no Inform this office and ar
rangements will » be made for the immediate
transfer, so as to avoid actual withdrawals
from channels of trade.
The department will surrender no United
States bonds held as security for deposits
with any bank until such bank has withdrawn
all State and municipal bonds now held as
such security, and securities of the District
of Columbia. Philippine Islands and Hawaii
will b« ■ retained, if desired. Please acknowl
edge receipt. Respectfully,
I* M. SHAW.
Secretary of the Treasury.
negro vote in maryland
Likely to be eliminated
Bill Is Introduced in State Senate
Providing for Submission of the
Matter to Popular Vote.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Feb. 4. — In the
State Senate to-day Senator Wilson in
troduced a bill the acknowledged pur
pose of which is to eliminate the ne
gro vote in Maryland. The bill pro
vides for the submission to popular
vote of a constitutional amendment
which limits the right of suffrage to
adult male citizens of the State who
belong to one of three different classes
and the registers of voters are direct
ed to refuse the registration of all
others
. These classes are:
First — Those that can read a sec
tion of the consthitution of the State,
which the registers shall submit to
them, and give a reasonable explana
tion of It.
Second — Those who were, prior to
January 1, 1869, competent to register
under the laws of this State or of any
other State, and,
Third — Lineal descendants of those
qualified to register and vote under
the preceding .section.
The bill was referred, to the Com
mittee on Constitutional Amend
ments.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Archbishop Farley of
New York sailed to-day on the Prlnz Adelbert
for Rome. He denied that he intended to rep
rensent to the Pope that the banishment of
women from church choirs, in accordance with
a recent edict of the Pontiff, would work great
hardship in this country.
POSTAL TRIAL
MOVES SLOWLY
George E. lorenz Tells of His
Dealing's With °Machen and
Explains Money Transactions
STRANGE REQUEST MADE
Attorney Conrad Asks Court to
. Instruct Witness Not to Talk
to Any One During Recess
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— George E.
Lorenz was on the witness stand in
the postal trial to-day. He produced a
number of drafts, checks and sight
drafts which passed between Machen
and himself, and declared that they
were ail In payment of his note for
$25,000. which he gave Machen when
the latter in 1S93 assigned his Interest
in the oil properties. Settlements with
Machen. he said, were made annually,
the note finally being canceled as paid,
on December 16, 1903. All the money
transactions, he said, between Machen
and himself referred to by the Govern
ment related solely to this Indebtedness
to Machen. When the money com
menced to come from D. B. Groff in
1S95 Lorenz said that he determined to
turn over to Machen one-half of his
profits in the fastener. This he did, he
testified, until he became pressed for
money, and then he sejit Machen only
what he could spare, and when he be
came easier financially Machen got his
remittances as on previous occasions.
Just before the recess Attorney Con
rad provoked a heated argument by
requesting the court* to instruct Lo
renz not to talk to any one, not even
hi3 counsel, during the luncheon hour.
The court denied the request. Attor
ney Douglass of counsel for the de
fense vigorously resented what he said
was a reflection on him and his asso
ciates, and called attention to the fact
that in all the history of the District
Courts this was the first time any such
request had been made.
Changes In the Postal Service.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 4.—
Postmasters commissioned: California
— Motley H. Flint. Los Angeles; Laura
J. Hannon, Redondo; Maurice Law
ton, Lumpkin; Thomas W. Fuquay.
Protrero. Oregon — Marion C. Gray,
Saint Helen; Frank C. White. Thurs
ton. Washington — John T. Poindex
ter. Camas.
Fourth class postmasters appoint
ed: California — George C. Lowell.
Corcoran, Kings County, vice Fred H.
Bateman, .resigned. Oregon — John
C. de Groot, Camas Valley. Douglas
County, vice Fred Schneider, re
signed. Washington — Mrs. Mary E.
Warnecke, Hlllhurst, Pierce County,
vice Mrs. Susan R. Benston, resigned.
Town in Arkansas Burned.
LAKE VILLAGE, Ark.. Feb. 4. —
This town was almost destroyed by
fire to-day. Twenty-two business
houses, six dwellings, the postofflce.
Masonic Temple and many, other
buildings were burned.
Most fishermen on the French coast
avoid going to sea on the first two days
of November, owing to a superstitious
fear of the "death wind" and the belief
that drowned fishermen at that time
rise and capsize boats.
34
DR. ALBERT SHAW LECTURES
AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY
"Morals of Trade"
Is Editor's Sub
ject.
In the presence of a large audience
that filled Hearst Hall last night Dr.
Albert Shaw, editor of the Review of
Reviews, delivered the first annual lec
ture under the Barbara V.'einstock lec
tureship on "The Morals of Trade."
This lectureship was founded by
Henry Weinstock of Sacramento, with
an endowment <rf $5000. a sunv suffi
cient to allow of one lecture a year.
The general subject for all the lectures
is "The Moral j of Trade," a theme that
will provide many thoughtful discus
sions in the future. In order to under
stand Mr. Weinstock's object in creat
ing this lectureship, his statement to
President Wheeler at the time of its
founding may be taken into account.
It reads a* follows:
I vaf prompted to make the endowment l>*
rauM hi n;> buFin»>^ espertracrt 1 liav*- mK
many ftnag nif n who have but one standard ot
mocptv and that Is U make money, and who
*.«»m«"d to think that it *as not possible to
*ucow«l in trad* without more or l««s= of a
tacrlflrf of th«- ethical Fide of their nature.
Whi!* thi* view of the lrad«« ii> not *o uni
mt?hI tf!-«iay a* it was thirty or forty years
«ij:o. it DevertMesi wldrtv im-vall*. The pur
lioiv of the Iwiun-shlp is to «J<> whatever can
U' oone toward cjrrwtinE nii-h niictaken no
tion* by educating th? mind* of men, more
• specially of youns mtn who are preparing
Theirs«-lv*>ii for 01 conimerrla! f«r«r, to the
l-flief that raccra in I>ui»in<*fs5 is more prob-
Bble ar.d more lasting if conducted upon a
high rthtrai j.lan". ar.d tl.at true succew: lies
in developing character rather than in heaping
AGK OF (OMMKKCIAMSJI.
Dr. Shaw declared that he did not
propose to warn his hearers to study
jiemil codes or to Ftudy the definitions
of prand and potty larceny in order to
fully understand the moral? of trade.
He then referred to the various recog
nized professions and the ethics that
povern them, and said that no man
was a true member of a profession
■who did not admit, both in theory and
in practice, that he had a public func
tion to serve and that he must fre
quently be at some discomfort or dis
advantage because of the calls of pro
fessional duty.
"The lawyer bears an important pub
lic relation in the dispensing of jus
tice," said Dr. Shaw, "and to the pro
tection of the Innocent and feeble. The
physician's public obligation is in part
prescribed by the laws of the State and
by the codes evolved by the profes
sion itself for its own guidance. I need
not refer to the unselfish devotion of
most of the members of tie clerical
profession, for this is evident to all
observant cersons
"It is clear enough, in the case of a
professional man. that he is false to
his profession and to his plain obliga
tions if he shows himself to be ruled
by the anti-social spirit: that is to say,
if h> considers himself absolved from
any duties toward the community about
him "
In the category with the three pro
fession? above mentioned the speaker
added those of teaching, architecture,
chemistry, engineering and electricity,
mining and Journalism.
POSITIVE ETHICAL STANDARDS.
In speaking of the professions men
tioned Dr. Shaw went quite deeply into
the subject. In part he said: •
In «II the** callings It Ik demanded not
merely that men fhall be mbject to the pri
vate rulen of conduct— that they muM not
chrat, <.r lie. or Fteal. or l*>ar false witness, or
he had neighbor* or undertrable cjtlaens — trat
in addition «nd in the most -important sense
\hzK thpy t-hall tr subject to positive ethicai
standards that relate to the welfare of the
whole community, and that require or then*
the exercis* of a true public spirit.
After a scholarly analysis of the
*»thical characteristics of professional
life. Dr. Shaw said:
The whole thesis that I wish to develop *«
pimpVr this: That however it may have been
In bui'.a'fs life in times pa«. th«re has been
men a trctnendotu change In the organiza
tion and methods or the busine.«s world and
al»o In the relative Importance of the func
tions of the l)UFin«ss man in the communitv
thnt the distinctions whiih have hitherto «""t
• r>art the professional rlnii ■ have become
obsolete for all practical {Kirpoars Jn many
l-rau'-h*-* and departments of the business
W O T 1 ' 1 .
At jea:<t. the work of the renjonsibfe leaders
is no longer to !•*- r»-srardr-<1 as essentially a
thin* <■( <>rivate cimo-rii and free from public
rwpoijfiWlity. If the busings world fa not
••hamctr-rizrd. fim. by public spirit and a
w-nse of |>ublit duty in general: and. 6<>cond.
by vhf i-:>ejial ana trchnk-al ?ensf of public
obligation t!.at ptrUtes t-o particular kind?
or de:iartmen«.» of buFiness activity, then it
1* falling shon (,( its U-m opportunities and
••vadiiu, its providential tasks. It i* for the
modern buhlm ks world to rwcopnize the con
dltior.s that have in the rulings of time given
it so treat a |w»fr and so dominant a pool
tlon; «r.d it muft not afahic the rei=f»on«iL>Ilitie*
that belong to it as fully and truly as they
belong to any of the profession*.
CAPITALISM A BOON TO MAX.
Dr. Shaw then said that the eco
nomic progress of the past century,
often termed "capitalism," was an im
measurable boon to mankind. He
said that the progress of the last cen
tury h;td swept away many evils by
forcing itself into a world of poverty,
of disease, of depraved public life, of
low morals pervading the community
— a world of class distinctions in
which the BU»t«» of the vast majority
was little better than that of serfs
The speaker dwelt upon the evils
that followed a development of wealth
as due to demonstrating the "law of
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
YES OR NO?
S*n Francisco People Are. Bespectfully
Asxed to Answer These Questions.
Is there anything in the evidence of
tw-.f's senses?
In thero anything in the testimony of
oiw's friends T
Cap. -reliance be placed upon state-
ments frcm people we know?
Are the opinions of local citizens of
any greater moment than those of Btran-
S<»rs7
Would you sooner believe people living
in some far-away place than citizens of
your own city?
We thhik not. for home proof can
easily bo investigated.
C;iptain N'. Nation. retir»?d. of 2528
Twenty-second street, says: "I am not cer-
tain •Another a fall I met with some seven
years ago was the primary cause of my
backache or not. but I noticed frdui then
oa I was subject to attacks. Knowing,
that my kidneys were either sluggish or
over-excited, it struck me If Doan's Kid-
ney Pill* wore for those organs alone
th«-y mifcht help me to tide over a rather
sever" attack of backache and I took a
t <»:irse of the treatment. It stopped the
Rching;. I will be pleased to recommend
Doan's Kidney Pills when opportunities
present themselves."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c. Fos-
ter-llilburn O».. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
e£« nts for the ITnitcd States.
Rpm-mbfr the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
SACRAMENTO MERCHANT AND PATRON OF EDUCATION, WHO
FOl'NDKD THE BARBARA AVEINSTOCK LECTURESHIP ON "THE
MORALS OF TRADE" AT THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA."
supply and demand" and the "iron
law of wages." and then described the
gradual betterment of affairs due to
th* sheer creation of capital and the
discipline and training of workers.
In referring to the vast system of
transportation in this' country, Dr.
Shaw sai.i that the roads were passing
out of the hands of stockjobbers and
speculators into the control of trained
men who recognized that their duty
was to work for the public and not
against it.
"We have reached a point." he said,
"where their relations to all the elab
orate interests of the community are
such that their public character be
comes more and more pronounced and
evident."
DUTIES OF COUPOBATIOXS.
Quoting President C. P. Slellen of
the Xew York, New Haven and Hart
ford Railroad, that "publicity should
rule the roads, and that they must
take the public into their confidence
and ask for what they want and no
more," the speaker said:
Mr. Mellen's state of mind is that which
ought to 1 lev.-iii among all the managers of
corporations which enjoy public franchises
and perform functions fundamental to the
welfare of the community. There will at
times lie prejudice and passion on the part ot;
the public, and unfair demands will be made.
The t=ame thing is clearly true when one
considers nowadays the delicate and important
functions of the world of banking and finance.
The banks are not merely private money
making institutions, but have public functions
that admittedly affect the whole social or-'
gani*=ir. from the Government Itself down to
the humblest laborer. Th»y must concern
themselves about the soundness and the suf
ficiency of the monetary circulation: they
must protect the credit and foster the welfare
DUCHESS HELPS
MRS. MAYBRICK
Prisoner's Release From Ayles
bury Due to the Mediation
yof a Kindly English AVonum
LONDON. Feb. 4.— Mrs. Florence
Maybrick is now in a home In a distant
part of England and under the care of
the members of a religious sisterhood.
She has not been released' and she is
kept under surveillance, but to all In
tents and purposes her. life now, com
pared to h«fr existence in Aylesbury
prison, is that of a free woman. She
will remain where she is until next
July, when her punishment will be end
ed under special license and she will be
allowed to go free, subject to the usual
conditions ■ governing ticket-of-le.ave
convicts.
The transfer of Mrs. Maybrick from
a penal prison to a quiet country home
constitutes an almost unprecedented
action on the part of the authorities. It
was due to the mediation of Adeline
Marie, Duchess of Bedford, who as a
visitor to Aylesbury prison for many
years has taken a keen personal inter
est in Mrs. Maybrick and finally suc
ceeded in obtaining the mitigation of
punishment to the extent of her being
allowed to spend the last six months
of her confinement outside the prison
walls. The Home Office several months
ago agreed to meet the request of the
Duchess of Bedford, although it Inv
posed a pledge of secrecy. Therefore" in
order to permit her hair to grow. out
again and for the recuperation of her
health Mrs. Maybrick was quietly
transferred to this private institution,
where, although she Is still actually a
convict under a life sentence, she lives
in a freedom that belies her real status.
Her exact whereabouts is guarded
with extraordinary secrecy, chiefly for
the purpose of preventing criticism of
the Government for having taken the
foregoing exceptional steps In her case.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— In view of
the suggestion that has been made in
the press to the effect that Mrs. May
brick when released from, prison will
not be permitted to land in the United
States on the ground that she has been
a convict. It is learned that that. issue
probably, will' be avoided. The State
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, . 1904
of honest merchants and manufacturers"; they
must co-operate in critical time* to help one
another, and thus to sustain the nublic and
private credit and avert commercial disaster:
they must at all hazards protect the savings
or the poor. Thus the • banks, like the rail
roads and many other corporate enterprises,
are gttasl-public affairs. In the conduct of
which the public obligation grows ever clearer
and stronser.
We are not at heart— in this splendid coun
try of our«— engaged in a mad struggle and
race for wealth. We are engaged rather In
the greatest effort ever made in the world for
the upbuilding of a higher civilization. The
cultivation of public spirit In the broad sense,
and the determination to be an all-around
good and tfflcient citizen and member of the
E™ 1 ™" 1 "*. •»•■•• often help a man amazingly
to discern opi>ortunitles for -usefulness that lie
In the direct line of his business work.
TO BKXEFTT JHK CO3I3IUXITV.
There Ik no higher duty Incumbent upon the
buFinew. maji of to-day- than to bear his part
in promoting and maintaining the uuritv of
political life. The modern business man" hou?d
regard good government as one of the vital
conditions of the best economic prftcresn. In
our municipal life. t or exampleTit Is the
aroused IntereM and zeal of the best business
community for better" government and better
condition* that can alone produce important
results. Happily, all over the country we 'find
chambers of commerce, boards of trade mer
chants' associations and other bodies of men
of practical business affairs taking their stand
for the transaction of public business upon
high standards of charncter and efficiency H
belong* to the developed constructive imagina
tion-and to the trained ethical sense of the
modern business man . to perfect the transit
systems, to improve the housing conditions to
assure cheap iranitary water supplies, chea.,
Illumination, and. abov* all, due provision for
universal education, parks, museums and od
portunities for recreation— In short, all pos
sible improvements of environment that
E!, a , *LJ ,"* . ■ °, ur c L tles not merely endurable
but beneficial for the people. Here, then is
furnished a nreat Held for the definite and
conscious aspirations oP the successful man of
business. . Here lies a great many-sided work
for social and moral as well as physical and
material progress which the business man "n
infr.? U^J t> m? r * B °K Od . cUi ' : £ n and raan of public
aScomnUsh better than any one else to
REBEL FORCES
ARE VICTORIOUS
Govern men t, Troops Suffer De
feat in Uruguay and Victors
March Toward
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4— Cabled
advices to the State Department in
dicate a very serious state of affairs
in Uruguay, owing to the revolution
ary movement. It is reported that the
Government forces were, defeated by
the revolutionists and that a great
panic occurred on Saturday and Sun
day last. In their retreat the Govern
ment forces left their wounded and
their guns on the field. They have
fallen back on Montevideo, the capi
tal. All the entrances to the town are
heavily guarded with Government
troops and an attack, is expected from
the insurgents, who are marching on
the capital in great force. The diplo
matic corps has been called to meet
at the American legation to discuss
the situation.
BUENOS AYRES, Feb. 4. — There is
no truth in the reported flight of Pres
ident Ordonez of Uruguay. Advices
from Montevideo say the city Is quiet
and that President Ordonez recently
made a tour of the city and suburbs
to reassure the. people. It is also de
nied that the revolutionists are ad
vancing on Montevideo. > .
Fence Falls on. Laborer.'
•Patrick Crowley. a ' laborer, was
badly, bruised on the head and body
yesterday afternoon at Fourth' and
Townsend streets, when 1 a portion of
a fence fell on him. He was treated
at the Emergency Hospital. . .
. War seems closer everx day in the
Orient, but it is still hoped that trouble
can be averted; not so for the man who
goes home without ordering a gas range
from S. F. Gas & Elec. Co., 415 Post st.»
Department practice has been to admit
the right of an American; woman who
has married an alien to regain her. citi
zenship in America on the death 'of her
husband by a mere assertion of her de
sire to do so. Mn?.\ Maybrick therefore
may come into the United States as an
American citizen.
MIKADO WANTS
DR. SENN'S AID
Chicago's Famous Surgeon Will
Head Japan's Field Corps If
War With Russia Is Declared
UNDERSTANDING EXISTS
Noted Authority Returns From
a Visit to Tahiti, the Land
of Sleep and Contentment
Dr. Nicholas Senn,' one of the most
eminent surgeons in the United States
and professor of surgery of the Uni
versity of Chicago, arrived here yes
terday on the steamship Mariposa
from, Tahiti, where he spent his mid
winter vacation. The gentleman is
hurrying back to Chicago to arrange
his private affairs and prepare him
self for an expected call to Japan to
assume charge of the surgical depart
ment of the Japanese army. Two
years ago, while visiting Japan, Dr.
Senn was the guest of the highest
medical officials of the Government
and was given a banquet by the of
ficers of the Red Cross Society of the
empire, under whose charge the army
medical department is directed. The
late Prince Kumatsu. who was then
president of the Red Cross Society of
that country, acting on beh'alf of the
Government, solicited the services of
the noted Chicago surgeon in the
event of war, and an agreement was
entered into that Dr. Senn should go
to Japan if hostilities were declared.
In speaking of the matter at the Pal
ace Hotel last evening the doctor said:
liAHGE MEDICAL COUPS.
"If my services are needed I will
quickly respond and will probably
take a corps of surgeons with me: It
must pot be understood, however,
that Japan is wanting in" the way of
surgeons. On the contrary, she has a
large vand most proficient .corps, men
who studied abroad and graduated
with high distinction. The Red Cross
Society of Japan, of which I have the
honor to be a member, .is composed
of 8000 members and is the strongest
organization of its kind in the world.
It is absolutely ready for war and
its ambulances and field corps could
be called to a battle-field on the very
shortest notice. When 1 was in Japan
I saw plainly the treYid of affairs and
readily predicted war in the near fu
ture and remarked the fact at a ban
quet given me } by Prince Kumatsu,
who has since passed away."
Dr. Senn, during his stay in Tahiti,
made' a close study of the conditions
and the customs of the natives of the
islands, and recalling his observations
last evening he said:
I have visited many countries during my
tlm» and have been interested in many differ
ent people but none have so deeply interested
me aTthe 1 .simple native* of Tahiti, a race of
happv. honest, forbearing, but dreamy j^ople.
which is, fad to relate, doomed to extinction
by civilisation. When Cook landed at TahKl
In 17fl!> he found a population of 200.0W 10
day it numbers only ll.ooo. of which 800 are
whites and 300 Chinese. Infectious dl"*"^
Huch as measles, whooping cough and the like,
have in the last few y*»r» spread among the
people in epldejnics with fearful devastating
results. Diseases of the simplest forms, which
ha've no apparent effect on the whites, cannot
be combated by the natives- who knew noth
ing of these ailments during their primitive
state.
The causes and effects of. these dis
eases were closely studied by Dr. S&nn
and he readily arrived at the conclu
sion that the natural indolence of the
natives had much to do with it and
that civilization has greatly tended to
aggravate the " sickness prevalent
amons- the. people. Upon this subject
he'Tsaid:,
Such absofute Indolence I never observed be
fore In all my travels. A man is compelled
to perform no manual labor to provide himself
with food, for It in furnished by nature In the
woods adjoining his habitation. Aljout t'2 a
year will furnish him with the* necessary
clothing, which Is nothing more than a breech
clout. There is no abject poverty, no begging
and no crime. The people are happy and con
tented under the administration of tfie French
Government. -They dislike the French lan
guage, preferring their native tongue, and for
that reason they have taken more* kindly to
the parochial s-cJiools, where they are taught
their own language. Much of the present
sickness among the natives will, I believe,
soon be remedied when the commission of
French .doctors, now there, has determined on
a plan for sanitary relief, which I think wyi
begin with vaccination, against which, of,
course, the natives will at first rebel, for they
know nothing of modern methods of physi
cians.
A I4AND OF REST.
One thing that deeply impressed me while
In Tahiti was the restful condition of the In
habitants, p|vieclally the whites. In fact,' *I
know of no better spot on earth where the un
fortunates, suffering from nervous diseases,
can obtain more ready and permanent relief
from this affliction than at {Tahiti. In fact,
it Is the land of sleep and contentment, and I
.purpose tor auvlse my future patients to make
the trip for- the Bake of their health, to say
nothing of ■ the other attractions that will
await them there. The sea voyage on tne
steamer MaripQsn, fitted as' she is like a
floating hotel. In Itself Is a cure .for the ner
vously afflicted and will well repay them In
health of both mind and body. The surf for
ever beats upon the beaches, where plumy
palms abound, the drives, mountains and riv
ers are picturesque, and nowhere bn earth is
there so close a duplication of paradise.
Says He Was Robbed.
M. T. Smith, a laborer living at 323
Jessie street, wasjlound at Third and
Townsend streets "on Wednesday even
ing intoxicated and bleeding from a
wound on the forehead. He was sent
to the Central Emergency Hospital
and after his wound was dressed he
complained that he had been robbed
of $40 and a gold chain. ; Detectives
Regan and O'Cbnnell took him to
Third and Townsend streets, but he
was unable, to say how or by whom
he had been robbed. ' ■
Miirdoek Wnnt« Ills Money.
Alexander Murdock filed a suit yes
terday to recover $1250 against Emil
Kehrleln, Henri Lair and Attorney G.
D. Collins. The plaintiff alleges that
Kehrlein deposited the money with Col
lins with the understanding that Mur-,
dock was to receive it when Henri
Lair, Kehrlein's agent, had succeeded
in obtaining possession of premises on
Dupont street, near Bush, a lease of
which was held by Murdock, but which'
had '.been sub-leased by him to T. De-<
vltt. . ."
] \ FREE! FREE!
TO WiNT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTI POL . sSlI VEXIR
<OF SAN FRANCISCO, ME-
TROPOLIS OF THE .
WINTERLKSS
LAND.:
Free to Want Advertisers
NEXT SUN1)AY!S CALL.
In an envelope ready for mail -
. injj.
LEARNED DIVINE INSTALLED
IN AN IMPORTANT POSITION
Rev. J. S. Macintosh, D. D., Inaugurated President of San
Francisco Theological Seminary at Close of Alumni
Conference, Dr. Hemphill Presiding at the Ceremony
FIFTIETH YEAR
OF EXISTENCE
Singing Societies Will Join
ill Choruses 'at German Cele
bration of Golden Jubilee
The programme for the golden jubilee
of the German Benevolent Society, to
be held and Sunday, is as
suming form and promises -that the fes
tival will be qne of the greatest demon
strations of the citizens of Gernnan ex
traction that San Francisco has had for
a long time.
The singing societies Harmonie,
Arlon, Freundschaft and several others
have promised, to take part in the chor
uses, which will be under the leadership
of Professor JL R. Rlegger, on Sunday.
Professor T. Vogt will have charge of
the orchestra' on Saturday and Paul
Steindorft on Sunday evening. On Sun
day afternoon, when the festival will
be principally one for children, L. N.
IJitz will lead the orchestra, which -will
consist of fifty pieces.
On both days the cadets of the Ger
man school ship Herzogin Cecilie, which
is now in the. harbor, will be present
with their o\vi» band.
The literarr part of the programme
will consist of an overture, an address
in English by Mayor' Hchmitz, the reci
tation of an original poem written by
Charles Bundschu by Mrs. Bundschu
and a chorus fn which the entire audi
ence will join. : ~\-
The second part of the programme
will consist of choruses by the various
sangvereins, costume dances by young
ladies In charge of Mrs. Busse-Trom
bonl and Hans.Vroni, exhibitions by
the San Francisco and Mission turnve
re!ps under the leadership of Hans
Goetz and Robert Barth and a general
promenade concert.
On Sunday President Grunsky will
open the festivities with an address, to
be followed later by B. Broemmel as
the sneaker of the evening. Jbsef Gre
ven will recite an original poem written
by Hermann Glauch. The singing so
cieties will render a number of chor
uk*s. The Elntracht turn section/un
der H. C. F. Stahl, will give athletic
exhibitions, and the costume dances
and promenade concert of the previous
evening will be repeated.
Sunday afternoon will be devoted
principally to giving pleasure to the
children, who are admitted free If in
company of adults.
While this festival is intended tb be a
real German volksfest, for the enjoy
ment of 'all cjasses and all ages, it Is
not in any sense a fair or an enterprise
to make money; in fact, except for re
freshments there will be no opportuni
ties to spend money at all, as nothing
is for sale. The sole object is to unite
all the members. and friends of the as
sociation and renew their Interest in iris
great and beneficent work.
A special, feature of Saturday evening's
programrrte willbe the presentation of
souvenir medals to the following hon
orary members of the asosciatlon: Dr.
A. Wilhelm, for over twenty-five years
one 'of the visiting physicians of the
German Hospital;, K. H. Lloyd, for
many years^the legal adviser and warm
friend of , the association;, Mrs. G.'
Markus, who had charge of the fair for
the benefit. of the society, in 1878; Mrs.
O. Muser. who was president of the
second fair; Mrs. I. Hecht and Mrs. F.
Hess, who were vice presidents of the
'second fair.
■\Ve are closing out several' odd lots- of
framed pictures at one-half the regular
nrices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
PRESIDENT THEOLOGICAL
SEMINARY AND DIVINES
WHO INSTALLED HIM.
The inauguration of the Rev. -John 5.
Macintosh, D. D., as president of the
San Francisco Theological Seminary
and his installation as professor of sys
tematic theology took place yesterday
in the handsome Scott Memorial Li
brary building, which tower3 over the
beautiful hill-locked valley of San An
selmo.
The ceremony attending the inaugu
ration and installation was particularly
impressive and imposing, and taking
place on the last day of the conference
of the alumni It brought together many
men high in the Presbyterian church to
witness the Induction of the first presi
dent of the San Francisco Theological
Seminary.
Dr. Macintosh took charge of the
seminary a year- ago last November,
since which time the institution has
more than doubled its student roll. The
remarkable success which has attended
the 1 seminar:' is attributed to the vigor
ous, determined work of Dr. Macintosh.
IMPOSING PROCESSION'.
Punctually at 2 o'clock and after the
ending of the conference an Imposing
procession was formed, Dr. Macintosh
walking in the center of the group of
learned men, wearing his gown and
hood.
The assembly hall, which was beauti
fully decorated with flowers and green
ery, was crowded with a representative
body of men and women. Letters of re
gret for inability to attend the cere
mony were received from Dr. Francis
L. Patton of Princeton. N. J.. Dr. War
field of Princeton, Bishop Nichols, U.
K. Walker, President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, who had a special lecture at
the university, and Dr. David Starr
Jordan, who w r as leaving Immediately
for New Haven.
Dr. Hemphill presided and in speak
ing of the rain which was falling and
refreshing the earth said that Dr. Mac
intosh would bring a shower of bless
ings u:>on that institution. Dr. Hemp
hill thanked God for the noble sem
inary on the hilltop and for the work
achieved within its walls.
The constitutional questions were
asked Dr. Macintosh by Dr. Hemphill
and answered. The Rev. E. E. Baker.
D. D.. then delivered the charge to
President Macintosh, adding the earn
est and hearty congratulations of the
Presbyterians of Oakland.
PRESIDENT AND PROFESSOR.
The Rev. Edgar P. Hill. D. D., of
Portland delivered the charge to Presi
dent Macintosh as professor of syste
matic theology. The Installation prayer,
which followed, was delivered by the
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie. President
Macintosh then delivered a profound
and what was admitted to be a re
markably powerful address, his subject
being "Science the Ally of Theology."
Dr. William Alexander pronounced
the benediction, and the vast assem
blage surrounded President Macintosh,
giving him hearty wishes for the con
tinued and further prosperity of the
seminary. .
Later a reception was held at the home
of. President Macintosh, Mrs. and the
Misses Macintosh receiving the guests.
The following members of the faculty
attended President Macintosh during
the installation and inauguration: Rev.
William Alexander. D. D.; Rev. Thom
as F. Day, D. D.; Rev. Warren H. Lan
don. D. D.; Rev. Hugh \V. Gllchrist. A.
at* Rev. Charles O. Paterson and Pro
fessor Charles G. Buck.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVE YOIR STOMACH
A NICE VACAT^X
Don't Do It by Starving It Either.
. Let a Substitute Do the Work.
The old adage, "All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy," applies
just as well to the stomach, one of the
nmst important organs of the human
system, as it does to the man himself.
Tf your stomach is worn out and
rebels against being further taxed be-
yond its limit, the only sensible thing
you can do Is to give it a rest. Em-
ploy a substitute for a short time and
see if it will not more than repay you
in results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a
willing ami most efficient substitute. "
They themselves digest every bit of
food in the stomach in just the sam f >
way that the stomach itself would
were it well. They contain all the es-
sential elements that the gastric Juice
and other digestive fluids . of the
stomach contain and actually act just
the same and do just the same work aa
the natural fluids would do. were ths
stomach well and sound. They there-
fore relieve the stomach, *aSt as one
workman relievos another, and permit
it to rest ar^ recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength.
This "vacation? idea was suggested
by the letter of a prominent lawyer in
Chicago. ' Read what he says: "I waa
engaged in the most momentous un-
dertaking of my life in bringing about
the coalition of certain great interests
that meant much to me as well as my
clients. It was not the work of days,
but of months; I was working night
and day almost, when at a very critical
time my stomach went clear back on
me. The undue mental strain brought
It about "and hurried up what would
have happened later on.
"What I ate I had to literally fo^«
down and that was a source of misery,
as I had a sour s.tomach much of the
time. My head ached, I waa sluggish
and began to lose my ambition to
carry out my undertaking. It looked
pretty gloomy for me and I 'confided
my plight to one of my clients. He
had been -cured by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and at once went down to a
drug store and brought a box up to
the office.
"I had not taken a quarter of that
box before I found that they would do
i all the work my ' stomach ever did;
a. id as a rest or vacation was out of
j the question for me, I determined' *.o
I give my stomach a vacation. I kept
; right on taking the tablets and braced
I U[. and went ahead with my work with
renewed vigor, ate Just as much as I
ever did and carried out that under-
taking to a successful issue. I feel
that I have Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets
to thsnk for saving me the handsomest
fee I ever received, as well as my repu-
tation, and, last but not least, my
stomach."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
Schools and Colleges.
L^?PJ? a «. B^ S1NESS COLLEGE OT THE
WEST.- -34 Port «.. Sao Francisco. CM
Established 40 years. Open entl'r** vtar
\VrUe for Illustrated citatoeu, itZ£ %RAIN POURS ON THE FIELDS
FROM NORTH TO THE SOUTH
.Timely Downfall'
•I Delights the--
Farmers.
Southern Section
Benefited by
the Storm. \
<***-"*•' rtsra.fi ta Tie CU.
LOS AXGE3JES, Feb. 4.— Raia bep^
fj.'-g Si-re at 13 o'deck to-ri^i^ a=i
never .Since .this s^ctics cf ths State
became tie bc=« at A=.ar^=a=a wm It
ncre -w^cc^ie or" T^iede-i =ir:re ff-r.era.I
ly. It is the seccsd rai^st^m wiiich
has gacSfed tsre dace last May- The
first yr^i in Cctcb«r .41 cf ari tacit of
' rain Cell in Iocs Angeles. a=.i z~*o weeks
±gz tie <rtr caus^tt tie tta cf a. pass-'
lr* stcr^i *=& .14 -si as. iz.ch was the
reccrd of jj tefg tqtftni
There h.ive b^ezi traces c* rain a tfxa*
cr fsro, 'cut sinoe.iLay of last year th;
t?-n: 'rainfall in tiiis city up to to-ni^ht
xas .£7 cf «r. i~~.iL. Cattle Lave fc^en
dries cf starratlca la tie Antelope
Valley; airi upon the islands off. th<
roast, arS? stocked with many
th'-usa»is cf shee^. the.Irss ainon? the
an:~als has been greater than for any
pivvioc* s<?asan. The average rainfall
r* th» s^asc- up to February 3 is al
rfiafg * Inches, an-i never before
hns there i^t-. a <i«*>i-ncy which any
thing like approached that c* this
ee;w»cn. . • .
During- th* twenty-eisht years that
the Bzr^au has kept records
iere. even Ln the disastrous dry season
tit 1 S T5-TT. •when boa than 4 inches fell
dnriny the is-hole season, the rainfall
Cor the £r?t £ve months cf the season
up to January "1 •was nearly s-even
tinges as jrr-ai as has be«n had this
Kftson. The season that ccnes nearest
to the present in lig-htness of rainfaH.
: namely 1^1- K C. Ody l-€6 inches of rain
hai fallen up to January H. In Fefcm
ary. If*?. iM inches* f*lL and also by
a remarkable ci?incldence exactly the
same amount in ilarch. in April
LS3 ir. 'hes fell, the total for the season
-f :vl->; b^ing- A'5-4-') inches, "er about
t'-r^-thirds cf an average 5eascn"s rain
un.
The iniiratiens at rridni?ht are that
BoctStfTB California -Brill* this time re
c«fe-« a cc pious drenching, and that the
fjxtj b*ne*t cf the storm T«*hich is
F-x^cC:nT c.rsrn the coast ■sriu be ?iven
&i th* ranchers and cattlemen, who
sax* been prayte^ for rain for a month
Itep<;rts* < from rther* points in this
section cf the State are to the effect
th.it to the north"vard cf Los Angles
t*e rainfall has been unusually heavy.
ThePe hs^ been tr«scsdoci precipita- j
| - ■- th- mc-jntain» all the »iy from I
back cf Pasadena northwesterly to b+- [
■ - • Santa Rartara. Ventura County j
r^p^rts a very heavy rain. To the east- ;
is-ard. throcsn San Bernardino and i
PJverr'de cc^nties. the sky is over- ]
■-ast. ti.e tarometer falling and every- j
thir.r points to the crying- cf a h-ia-sy ;
r*lc •"Tans* County ha. I nc: Tt^ti
r=©rhed hy the storm tip to rsS&sisBi.
gOUHLKX DROUGHT EXDS.
S.O» LUIS OBISPO. Feb. 4.— The Ion^
-cntinued drcuzht has taStd. Rain.
T-hich had b«en threatening sicce yes
terday. ty??an to fai this afternoon and
continues. The w£stf is southeasterly,
a good quarter for a heav? storm. This
rcmo'ves the anxiety* frcm many, but
net even good crcps -will compensate
the steefcmen and. tallymen for* the
,I;sses alr^iir incurred.
SANTA £A?.F,ARA. F*b. 4.— A light
fiin fc*?aran " fallin? here this aft?mcon
at about 4 o'clock and rives premise |
cf continuing- tnrouzhout the nfght.j
Indications have'b^enr.favorabfe for si
rein Cor ti:e Last fferty-four hpurs and
the farmers and stockmen are Jubilant |
ever ths realixaticn of their hopes.
" ■- :. tiers in the north <vm *?n& cf th«sj
c-: unty en seme cf the bi? stcck ranges j
are very bad and ma.nj» cattle arcdyin^ i
f—m the lack cf feed, llany of th- j
cattle are already t'-o s^eak to stand a j
severe s-fesrm. but the .majority xrin be J
saved provided the pr«c«ent. # rain con-
VE3STUHA^ Feb. 4.— P.2J2 be?a.n*fall- j
i-.se here at 5 o'clock this evening. The j
stems Is g-eneral in this cr-cnty azd the j
indications are favorable for a "break j
in the mest prctracte.5 drouth thsft t!ai» !
r«?*n experienced In this county in many i
v»ars. Hir.~ s s had dri*d Tip to nothing !
and stock ~.zs su±*erinz. Azri'^iltur
iits have done very little work o-srin^ {
t | Got the Can fcfj
B Brand Jf
|| Evaporated m
U Cream n
SH product is, caln? ta its m-'d
t jh| cssTj cccnx^ncs, wzich |Bm
r~ } f.z--z 'J-.- : .::-: tat icz^ly &H
HC| c^stric^d iz. c — z5 »*•' IB "
jB'-i^ -:-- -'-.:- zl.-v ±- but- JKjfi
THE lonar° expected and
asch needed rain in" Cen
tral and Southern Cali-
fornia has come, greatly
to the deiizht of the fann
ers and orcbardists. Re
port? from nearly all sections of
the State indicate that the
dCTTopour Ls general and pro5t
able. The entire section of the
coontry utcst of the Rocky
Mocnudns. received a drenching
yesterday and last nl^ht. The
trtnds w er<? ' nnn^naD y hi^ti yes
terday. At Point Reyes and at
North Head a' velocity of sev
enty miles an hoar was attained.
In tfce interior of '.California the
wind was less rtolent. In Ne
vada a velocity of fifty-tvro
lafles an hour was reported.
Snow was faUlnz on the Coast
Range and hi the Sierras last
night. Forecaster McAdie says
there win probably be a ll^ht
snowfall on Mount Tnm.tlpals
to-day.
The storm first appeared on
the 'Washington coast last Tues
day nisfat. It came southward
very slowly and had reached
the Tehachapi at 5 o'clock la*t
evening- The barometer pres
sure was very low. At some
points in the State the twenty
nine Inch mark U said to have
been reached. The heaviest
rainfall was at San Lot* Obispo
and amounted to .68 of an inch.
The rainfall In San Francisco
wa.-s nearly half an inch. 3Ic-
Adie is of the opinion that a
jrreat deal more rain may fall
within the next few day*. At
any rate the area of hlrh pres
sure has disappeared and there
is apparently nothing to hin
•der a return to normal Febru
ary conditions.
to the condition of the ground- A good
rain at this time will soon revive the
pastures and furnish food for Livestock.
SPRINKLE IN SAX JOAQUIN.
STOCKTON. Feb. 4.— The rain to
day was general throughout the coun
trv, the fall varying from a mere
I sprinkle to nearly half an inch. In
1 this city the fan was but .02 inch,
j while Tracy had not enough precipita
! tion to lay the dust- Lcdi and Farm
! Ligton had nearly half an inch, while
•' a OiUartT of an inch fell to the south
I cf Lookefnrd. With the exception of
i the crops about Tracy en the west side
j the grain in this county Is doing nicelj.
• but the counties to the south of here
] are very much in need of moisture.
MILTON. Feb. 4.— Rain has fallen at
i interval; here to-day and with a brisk
! southeast wind and a heavily overcast
.• alcy the prospects for a considerable
' storm are excellent. While the ground
1 is not particularly dry in this section
j the cold weather and heavy frosts have
I set feed back, and chie*y for this rea
; son the tueiiuit storm is very welcome.
HOLLISTEP.. Feb. 4.— Rain com
menced ta fall at He Ulster at 1 o'clock
this afternoon- Twenty-six -iiundredths
fell In three hours. It is raining heav
ier. Feed will start up again and hay
and graia crops with the usual spring
rains ar<? assured. No stock has c^m
moved frcm the county.
FRESNO. Feb. 4. — Rain began fall
ing here about 7 o'clock ta-night and
continued for over an hour. It is still
cloudy and threatening.
BAKEE-5FIZLD, Feb. 4. — During
the afternoon to-day and to-night the
indications have been extremely fa
vorable for rain. At this hour (10
p. m.) a few drops are falling- and the
outlook is for heavy shower3 before
morning.
SHOWERS IX SAN JOSE.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— There were a
number cf showers to-day, and there
is every indication fc-r a gocd rainfalL
A south wind brought a number cf
light showers this morning and thi3
afternoon there was a gocd ehower.
Up to this date Jast year 3.rr inches
had fallen, while this season but 3.42
inches are recorded. Last year during
the month cf February 2.04 inches fell,
but in 1302 during February the pre
cipitation amounted to 6."5 inche3.' A
geed rain new would be beneficial and
place the farmers in a pleasant frame
cf mind. The last rain the
grain up and" a atorm will make it
grow fast- Rain Is needed more en
the cattle ranges and in the foothills
than anywhere else. Feed en the
ranges is shcrt. but a heavy stora, fol
lowed; by some warm weather, will
make the grass grow rapidly. There
has been plenty of rain so- far for the
cultivation cf the orchards and good
rains during this menth and March will
bring the trees oui fine- While the
rainfall In Santa, Clara County Is be
low the average so far this year, the
farmers and crchardist* still believe ,
there will be plenty cf rain yet In sei
ioa and they are not inclined to the cry
that this win be a dry year.
SALINAS. Feb. 4.— Rain began fall
ing at II o'clock this meming and con
.•Inues with a proepeet cf a lozs storm.
Farmers and stockmen now consider j
that the crops are well assured.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 4. — At 8 o'clock
this morning rain began falling- here
and continued during the day. Al- j
though thus far Santa Ctcz has had
the necessary amount cf rain, this
drenching is welcomed, as it Lays the
dust and the men In the country have |
anxlcus'y awaited ram. At the Big
Basir. at the northern end cf the coun
t-, the rainfall has been ZS Inches.
Add PwAJN.
SOXOfA OOUXTT WET.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 4.— A heavy rain.
accompanied by a high wind, began
here ea.rly tM« morning- and there are
{ndica:&ns of a big^ storm. It can do
no damage unless It continues for sev
eral days. While not especially needed.
rain will do good for stockmea and
farmers In the improvement of youn^
feed and growing grain. ,
CALISTOGA, Feb. 4.— Rain began to
Jail here about a o'clccx this momlng
£nd in less than five hours an inch
bad fallen. While It had net rained
for nearly two weeks; the downpour |
was«at needed, as an crops and vege
tation are doing well. Farmers are busy
setting out grapevines and pruning
trees. Prospects for good crops in Napa
Valley were never better.
VALLEJO, Feb. 4.— A rainstorm, ac
companied by a high wind, set In early
this coming and there has been a
beavy fall of water during the day.
This part cf the State was not stiffer
tzs particularly for moisture, but tee
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
Orchardists Find
a Reason for
Rejoicing.
Abundant Mois
ture in the Up
per Counties.
rainstorm. i3 heartily welcomed. The
rainfall for the season at this point
exceeds 5 Inches.
WOODLAND, Feb. 4.— The first rain
for more than a moata began falling
here to-day. It began raining at I
o'clock this morning- and rained stead
ily until noon and at intervals all dur
ing the afternoon. Tee precipitation
ha3 not been much, but what has fallen
will be of great value, especially for
feed for the stock, which was getting
very short- The grain and fruit Iand3
were not yet suffering from want of
csciatTire.
DEXON, Feb. 4.— Rain began falling
at 7:20 o'clock this morning and con
tinued for four hours. It came just in
the right time- Farmers are rejoicing,
as the prospects for ?t?od crops were
never better in Solano County. If they
have one or two more good downpours
they will reap a golden haxvest from
their growing grain.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 4. — Marin
County has received a copious rain
fall within, the last twelve hours.
From all points in the county reports
come that the precipitation has been
heavy and attended by strong winds.
At an early fcdur this morning the
wind was blowing a gra.le in this vicin
ity. The precipitation for San P^afael
and vicinity for the present storm has
been about half an Inch; for the sea
son sixteen inches. While rain 13
not seriously needed In. Harin Coun
ty, an inch or so will cau3e no dam
age. The precipitation for this season
is not e<iual to that of last year up to
same date. Indications point to .con
tinuation of storm, during the night.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.— While the
rain, which started in at S o'clock this
morning. Is welcomed in Northern
California, it is not a necessity in this
portion of the State, where the green
feed 13 ample and plowing has been
going on without interruption. Weath
er Observer J. H. Scarr said that while
the total precipitation this season Is
a little less than half the normal
amount, nevertheless that half has
been so distributed as to do the max
imum amount of good. Besides the
rainfall. November and December
had an unusual amount of fog. which
not only prevented evaporation from.
the soil, but actually deposited 5fteen
hundredth3 of an inch of moisture.
Observer Scarr said the indications
favor a generous downpour in north
ern and Central California.
Showers Brinz Delisht.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — The showers of
to-day have brought delight to Ala
meda and Contra Costa counties. The
western valleys of these two counties
are more favored than some sections
of California and they get more rain
and need less than the southland. The
Uvermcre Valley, to the south, of
llount Diablo, and the San Ramon
Valley, to the west, and the Alameda
Valley, en the shore3 of San Fran
cisco Bay, have not suffered for rain,
but. at the same time, the precipita
tion to-day was decidedly gratefuL
At Livermore it is reported that
nearly half an inch of rain has fallen
during the day. with prospects of
more. Thl3 is ample for the agricul
tural sections, while a little more
would be useful to the grazing re
gions.
Through the San Ramon Valley
fruit is in gocd condition. W. A. Rog
ers, at 'Walnut Creek, reports that if
the ordinary amount of rain falls from,
now on that the crops will be the larg
est in the history of his section.
HOLD CONVENTION" AT
CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union Installs Officers to Act for
Ensuing Year.
The Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union held Its seventeenth annual and
sixty-eighth quarterly convention at
the First Congregational Churci last
night. The church was crowded with
members cf that religious body.
Rev. George C. Adams opened the
exercises with a prayer; then followed
Superintendent Rogers, who chose for
his topic "A New Enterprise." Mrs.
I* Snider Johnson rendered a fine vocal
solo, and addresses were made by Rev.
J. K. Harrison and R- R. Patterson.
The fcilowlng ofScers to act for the
ensuing year were then Installed by the
Rev. W. M. White:
J. W. Hatch, president; W. F. Ellis, ■
first vice president; Miss Mary E. Bow- \
den, second vice president; Miss Grace ;
Pinney, recording secretary; Miss Lucy I
E. Hall, corresponding secretary; J. O. 1
Mattson. treasurer; Miss Rose E. La- '
mont, superintendent intermediate 1
work: Mi33 Flora Haddleston. super- !
tntendent junior work; Misa Belle Stan- {
ford, assistant superintendent Junior
wcrk.
Accnsed of Failure to Provide.
A warrant was sworn cut before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday by Mrs. Elsie j
Walsh. 3001^ Sixteenth street, for the [
arrest of her husband. Andrew C. [
Walsh, on a charge of failure to pro- I
vide for their child. She alleges that i
they have been married two years and
Walsh has not contributed to her or
the child's support. Walsh is an ex
pcrticeman and Is now a special officer
at the racetrack.
Gives FareTrell Concert.
Cfearles E. Robson and his orchestra
gave a farewell concert at the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church, last
nignt before a large and enthusiastic
audience. This excellent organization
has supplied the naosic for this congre
gation at evening service for the last
two years and has given eminent sat
isfaction, and now retires to make room
for the new choral choir.
Let us fit your hand to a Waterman, |
Re^al or Marshall fountain pen. Price {
$1.00 to J3.00 each. Sanborn. Vail & Co."
THE rTIYrPOBITrjg. j THE £3£POSrU2E. j THE v^rpnTtrrry f THE ESCPOSTUH
j Handkerchiefs We The lime for economical buying is every Valentines
* . (AH linen 2-c kind.) business day and every business hour at Bi»g-K tad bes: tnazzzzz is town; tbaiaaafi
I rco do«n wcm=a's pu.4 iinm h,m 3 titca,d, «»v^«» ' f *e ==~ 1904 e&«, feoa &* world', best ■
$ embroidered hacdkerchieS. nice sheer material, V^L A* —f * J * — > *~?^7^^6^SC*>$7^iO^
* dda.7p.cera,. but taring verr sight oznu- ±jffip jfitifS/jflf/JJ/ff Ctec Tatatftas-Faa «oct
J facer's hnFcrfcctic.; a tzr=ad .wry cr a W*/*^^**WV***fUL*» The Blacksmith
J Me knot; ,0 instead of ,5c each. to-ca 7 and -~ J^, — ocl^
* Sarcrdaj 1Qc - . — -Jg-|yjw«f mw amz-UCXS GPXtiZZST STCSS eras Ioe^t on fee exhihitiaa ia enr Arr Rs«=.
n; ■
| First Important Sale Damaged and Sotted
| Clothing Sale Goods in a Special Sec-
| This Year tion, Main Floor, at a
m
i 2500 Up-fO-date HfSlmery Ri5t<ms Liberty Silks Becks
\ Suits and Overcoats gg£> ' l?£Z %£%% %L
i for Men and Boys Hjuu Furnishings Scat Sfais Xe:k=tzr Els., Elc.
i Big Flannel Sale Sales for Travelers Sale Cluett Shirts
I Friday Only First-Class Trunks $1.50 Qualify 92c
i Prmfcti Wrapper Ffcnnels— 500 pieces getiu- OcMZ§9 ypBm^ZJ (JVezi' up-to-date sty les\
$ ine Vicuna, Lerma, etc., wrapper and g?^_Sj^ — *^^=^^.^ - Friday and , . . , , , . . .
t ■ ■ n r L » » -i. H-JH <r , * j r special for good dressers; a hundred
j waistms runnels; the coiors, cloth and L -. g £v~?i £ ■' jafc T 7?2* ,sk2 baiirrday only. , . .. e , £ ,. .
i t r a t.t j - *. iV *«"' ;/c>^;>--^^^3'4 *"j>- dozen or the finest grade of Monarch
i styles new and seasonable, and instead ?£§HR^i=M> i£=J^£?*j .%^» Veqi =a= aad cr=s 5 •.. . : ,__, . , ,__^ -.
I of 10c and IZXc per yard, on sale O - ™^ COT = r = d - &rM shirt5 m Iate 1903 and earLy 1904 :de * s
% to-day at %SG I xKt -"o- r^tj^^~^ BBB *^ trrlkl » w^ and coloring?; very neat figures and
% Oulin-3 CIoths-Hi^h class, solidly woven %J^^^M^M Sc^ b^,^ spots and aitrrefy nor; cuffs atta dwrf cr
*r ' . . . . ' , *■* •' ' - --'^ L-do aad bo-a, fen Gaea deUched; full line of sizes; a full 51.^0
»; outir.g hanneis, m dainty strtped etrects, c^ M « 7 ,- T » «- vaiue: and Saturdar QA A
v full standard LOc cloths (now worth - csgaaaiij tu.^ i: r _,,. _^, .■„ &dSi%£
\ more) on sale to-day only, -yl/ r^fr ?««;.««= fcr Fr^ 7 «d s 3 t^fa 7 _:
I > - IU /2 W jK-ooBcsoja. .53.60 5i4.ss«»»s*«. sw.60 PJgziM, T*aHnr>-Rflz3H£*
Jf 25c Madras for f2c-Only for to- t^7S^i^.S9.3O 5«s-co r.« s a ib^ . 51/.30 IWtJWf # *UiUr-m€*U*3
v day, however; every yard new; neve: Lw:hir O ub Bast-Mads n fciadon of Waira. =£cfci 1904 HSiS
%' ShOWH before; 32 inches Wide; ffl rt catdiea iad »:idi=x lock, tnca E~4 w~n peckir inafd^ 3 km. 12,
''S on sale to-dav oniv vard. . . «^»€# 13 »=d r* inch, r^aririr. 5 =, 31.65,11.35; £* aq y/r^r LeUbrated
\\ ■ ■ — ■ Gage Make. G^S^^S*.
I Spring Waists and Sale Lisle Hose The first shipment c |§Igi%^
\jzm Jackets 35c Quality 23c
5; UnderpHced (A ew Goods, just tn.) ready-to-wear hats. y^+^M
i JS^L Nc T s P riE i -fc^* 1 5SJQ— Liie Women's Imported Hermsdorf Black The new etrects for b. 'g
* rXV^ihh F ictT:rc ca ths Ictt; ftS TtT ? Lisle Hose— Military ribbed, extra hish ?prmg and S^bct, A^ f
i \\ - vi\ b«^«" S IuTee«off«d sp H ce d heels, double soles, elastic welt; the b?st j 1 . stra^ b ;^' \
v I \.^<^r 7\\ a nrsied corrrt cicta jackstj. Thev _v. . r j -»-w./i • - > hairs and cmrron and
v 1A^'U\ « taTiiT n^i ti^^our witi 3^chose manuractured; 2000 pairs on special b ra-d *3 SS r.-. J*fi> 7**:
V \^&**WJ "^^^^.E^^fcaad sale to-day and Saturday, if quantity Oipi gold DraJ . . . »^.^^ r o $12.75
\ *C : 'jt fr3Ct; C!a:T?:^ r ' aa(i a ?- CJ - <ia::: > lasts pair mm^9 %m ™"™ 1 ~^™ ™™~^"""~ 1 ™'
J^^l JS!E:*ii?SS2 GrOCerteS-UaUOrS Closing Time Saturday
* 7 Egit wj'nlir dctis, a black ocTt, (Friday and Saturday cnlv.) . **
J- w=H Ssei, half-erred back; cs&ada* nail iacdd=r cape, Pirkia Better- Scid by _ _ J«s« Slocrt AA Whfakv These ars cstt stji^ xnc p«r:rct gecda.
a- ~- iv&AxaxA ij-frenz me &*> :wd be tttt poplar Q I 2oC — Bccfc . . . . .' <H?C Wcnss*! I3.50 Ttci kii, pars:: kid azd pi- - !
V diis ipra ?; sssmd ot 5i5-c°» we 7e - Bakiat Powder— E si ? o r i u a Asti Oartt— Extra Table Wr; lU^a^J " , e A Off
*r I=ie2« a»or=ff» =<nr ipnaj wiaa niarksi Eis thai Kirk's White R-ouiaa Soap — .HcHaflla's Stoat— Giissss*' sec- Wjiski'i 5 s. 53 t:c kid jhc« ar St*85
JC 75c nlac Psrcj-c Wiio at 14. bars - 5Oc t5=g; desaa . . . .$1,90 Waesea's Js. 53 parrrr leather Osfcri -in jr. . $1m73
X ji.sS Egurat Bedibrd Corf Walaa. ff5c =9 bars *5/.OO Ga- B^ah, Old SI«; botri CiCcrsi'i Jx.r 5 k^ xad boz a>" L»c; jhea . .$1.15
fc' Ji.?3 *alae Lawa Wiata a: . .$1,25 Olivt Oil— Dr. Doirsiaa's; 85O ir-^' «r .. vj,,ii^.«-f • ». «« ««»
J Sr.-T^La^Waistaar S/.5D bocri= 70O KsDcr Bocrbon Whisiy-Hand- Jf"? 10 ■ ' " S1 ' 23
J Si.=S rUni Lawa Waits it . ..•••. .31,75 Tomato Catsnp— Saldcr'i cr B'ns made ioot mr»h, ctssg "9*"; *a«=» $1.53 eo.r -ic: sAr:* r.a.» h«j}. . ..$1.15
%' $z. x-3 Txlue Laws Waian a: . . $1*95 Label; =:a: bocrlss . . . 2OC gaUoa *. $3.25 Ladses* Js-co t-"c£ kid liica (parr ;r t"ps> . . . $f m 5&
FALL OF SNOW
STOPS TRAVEL
Storm Basres in the "Thumb"
District of Michigan and
Railroad Lines Are Blocked
DETROIT, Feb. 4. — Storm reports
from the "Thumb" district of Michigan
to-night are disappointing. A snow
plow which succeeded in working
south from Harbtir B<each to Port Hu
ron yesterday was started northward
to-day, but on the return trip made lit
tle progress. The Pere Marquette line.
being exposed to the winds from Lake
Huron, Is buried In snow drifts before
the opening made by the snow plow
can be made use of.
It Is ninety miles frcm Port Huron
to Port Austin and reports received to
night shew that the snow plow and
relief train which started at 2 p. in.
had worked northward only about
twenty miles.
At Palm station, fifty miles from
Port Huron, there is a Junction and
the snowbound village of Harbcr
Beach Is situated eighteen miles frcm
Palms, on the branch line.
The Sagi-''aw-Port Huron branch cf
the Pere Marquette i3 blocked between
Harlette and Brown City, where the
eastbound train that left Saginaw for
Port Huron at 7 a. m. Is snowed in. The
westbound train that left Port Huron
at 8:5') p. no. is at Brown. City, unable
to proceed until the eastbound trafn i
released.
Earlier tn the day it was thought
that the Port Huron-Saginaw line was
open, but the cuts were filled with snow
before to-day's trains could get
thro-ugn.
RUNS DOW AX AGED MAX
WHILE RACING TO A FIRE
ActiE? Battalion Chief 3IaxweIl Fails
to See Pedestrian as He-Ap
proaches Street Corner.
Acting Battalion Chief Maxwell of
the Fire Department ran down John
Carillo, an aged Mexican, at the cor
ner of Montgomery street and Broad
way about 1 o'clock last night as he
w»3 speeding to a fire. Maxwell did
not see the unfortunate pedestrian un
til too late to check the speed of his
horse.
Corillo -was taken to the Central
Kmergency Hospital in an unconscious
condition- He is suffering from a. frac
ture of the skull, and the attending
paysicIan/Dr. Stevens, says that death
will probably result.
Dr. Brackets .Make* an Inspection.
Dr. Charles F. Brackett, the cewlj
appointed chief emergency stirg-eon,
made a tour of inspection of the
emergency hospitals yesterday. He
was highly pleased with' the condition
of affairs at the various icatitctiona.
PA\"ERS* UXION" AT OUTS
WITH DITtD RAILROADS
Workmen Claim That Corporation
Reduced Wares and Added an
Hour to Each Working Day.
The Pavers' Union is at outs with the
United Railroads over time and wage
schedules, and unless the differences
are quickly adjusted a strike win sure
ly be the result. A few weeks ago the
United Railroads reduced the wages of
the pavers from $3 3') to 12 30 a day and
tacked on another hour to the nine
hour schedule. The pavers have ap
pealed to the Supervisors for assistance
and will try to settle the matter with
out striking.
The cloakmaksrs are stin warring.
They claim that many of the union
hand3 who .broke away from the union
and went to work refuse to pay the fine
inflicted by the union, and trouble niay
result If the men persist in holding out.
The gas workers and the gas com
pany are having trouble over wages
and hours of toiL The " Labor Council !
offered to settle the differences, but
bcth parties refused.
The Icng-expected merger between
the three branches cf the Electrical
"Workers* Union came about last night.
and now the three branches will exist !
under one name.
The headquarters of the State Fed
eration of Labor la now located In the
Murphy building.
The bridge and structural workers
are preparing to welcome their presi
dent. Frank Buchanan, who will arrive
here shortly.
The Cooks* Association cf the Pacific
Coast will give Its fourth anniversary
ball at Native Sons* Hall to-morrow
night.
CHICAGO. Fet). 4.— Tfce cfScial call for the
PrchRiltfcn National Ccnvwatlcn. wilcit Is ta
cecirree ta Totallasra HaH is. ladlaRaBcUs on ;
VOdMsiay.. Juae 2!K was issued tr>-nirat by
OUTer VT. Ste-wart. ehalrmaa. of ta« JTattoaal
Carsmittag-
ADViiliTTsEiMirlMTS.
hJb* y:V; of her life. Becoming
a mother should be a sonrce of joy to all. but the suffering aad
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
iMother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, 'but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who cse this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and ths
serious accidents so common to the critical^
hour are obviated by the use of Mothers' BS/fc#f*/|rfc9rt
Friend. "It is worth its weigh: in gold," {W|ll|||^|
lays many who have xised it, fi.co per lllVlIIVI O
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information cf interest to all women, will Eg\JAST> £%
be sent to anr iddreas free upon application to ffg ilri §16
BRADFiELD REGUIATOR CO., Atomta* Ca H 1 lVll\i
STORMING SEA
DAMAGES JETTY
Bents on a Costlv Structure f
in the Columbia Near As
toria Are Carried Awav
ASTORIA. Or.. Feb. 4.— Hcnsttr |
fcrea±er3 rolling up from the soutt
weat to-day carried away about twen
ty bents o* the Columbia River Jetty.
Examination of the jetty is made twice j
dally, and the damage wa3 not discov- j
ered -when the midday examination was j
made.
The- portion cf the jetty rarept away
was about 220 feet tn length and lo
cated a short distance from the outer
end of the breakwater. It was part
of the new work, having beea put in.
Last summer. When the damage occur
red a severe gale was prevailing out
aide and at the end of the Jetty the
wind bowled along at the rate of
eighty milas an hour, drfsiss xz? Im
mense breakers from the southwest.
The statement was made late this
afternoon that the damage Is not very
grreat. An estimate of the money leas
entailed could not be secured.
RosseU Comren to Spea&.
Russell H. Conwell, the noted lecturer
of the Temple College. Philadelphia,
win be the attractica at the entertain
ment in the Ycuss Hen's Christian As
sociation auditorium tonight at S
o'clock. It will be the first appearance
of Dr. Cottwen la this city. His subject
is an attractive cue.
SH>*XEAPOtI3. Feb. 4.— AH ftct c=» cf
tie MiaaeasoUs Conr =:"« nrnnaed cria<Jl2jf
to-tiay aad tt la taoc?at that by ta« ead'flif
tae week acst c£ tie ec&alry miHa wlU be t
at wcri.
0CEA2T TBJLVEL.
eStearser* !«»»• Haa rrma.
elsco is ;t"vir»:
Fcr Kstchliaa. ■Wr«2T»!.
J'saeaa. H.i.sga. Skax^aor.
•tc. •■».&■■> — u ,. = .. 7,-j
5. 19. li. S>. 25. J£ar. U
Ctair? ta cc=;as7'» •:«=-
5"ar Vlctcrt*. Vccarw,
Pert Ta^w^secil. Seam*. T»-
ectsa. E?er«>cr. "WT:at=o3i — II a. =.. F»&t X.
19. IX ». 23. Mar. L. Cba=re ai ««*=:• t3
tiis ccayasj'i Rtasei for « aiki «=ji <3l ?».
RT-: at S«ait:e cr Taw^sia to N. P. Ry.i as
Va=cctt-9^sr fc> C- P. R7.
For Esreia. (K3=5oltit Sa7> — P""""*, 1:39
p. =.. Fe». < 1>. 14. 2. 2S. 3tar. SL Conaa.
1:30 p. m.. Fab. 1. T. IX 13. 3. JCrr- i
Fcr t-ra Aisa!#s <ita Pert t-e» Asyslet \z.t
R*docxfc:>. San Dtego a=<S Saata Ea—ar-k —
S-L-.-j. Roaa. i -:r lari. ")>.=-
Stai* cf CaUrcrdA. Tinrwiart. » «. ss.
Far Lea ASff*I«s <7t» Saa Petiro aatl East
Saa P>s<tn3). S*sta Eartarm. Sasta. Orsa. Jtsa-
ter^r. Saa 3iss«ca. Cay^ccs. Pert Kazf^rl C3aa
Lcis Cfttspe). Y«ct=rsi aatl Hi«k=«.
Ccca Ear. » «- «=-. Fsb. 3, 13. ST. 2». Star. t.
Eccita. » a. 1=-. FeS. 9. IT. 3. Har^a 4.
For E -s^r j ia. 3Car±xiasa. Bar. Saa Jcaa •!»!
CaStt. V^""J^ Altata, L* Pax Saata Ss-
laELa. Gsan=*» «Hsx.». 10 a. a.. T^ «acS
rtcnta. Fcr tirtier trfsrssattoi cbta!3 fclrfsr.
PJ^St Is r?aenr»l ta etaara Kaasers cr «ail-
f-y .iates.
ticj-st; omess — » ?»*w irsnt^c=s-
r-r st. tPai»=« HotaO. 1» Itarkae «£- »»i Broad-
way «tams. FreUit cf2c». 10 Harist K.
C D. DXTMAXX. G«!=era: Pis»«r»r Atki%
10 v»-»t at:g<e. Saa « Fr*2ci»caL
T!:<» Paeis: Tn=sf*r Co.. g>_3srt«r A.
will call (or t*'* ch<?ei fcasxajc* trees >" ?.t
aati pesltiesces. Telestcaa. Elxcaaa** Sii.
O. R. & iV. CO.
Crer» «ai^» fWis T. t?. 27. liar. *. IS. 2S.
A;r!l T aad IT. S. 5- Oie<-g f» caai?cr*rll7 ra
9«WTce taateai aS t5« Coisrtiia. Geisr«s Y[r
Eldsr salL» F«b- IX =i Starrs i
■LJLNr>. OS-. a=^ sficrt rail li=e Jrcta PcrC*='i
fe> all polata East. TTsr-rasa tartet* » ti
rtfjiscs. ail rail cr atgarnaSi? aai ra£. at LcysSj
E' ;^r RATES. S;aa=er tjcteu iactsd* 5«rta
iral m«^ St-a=T fails f-:ct cf ?5«ar «- a:
11 a. 01- 5 F. BCCTB. Or*. Air- Paaa. T«pt-.
1 naityiunif «-: C. CLXTFOSD. Ge. ATU
Freisat De^t.. 3 MjacytnierT «.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
IOEIENTAI. STEJliTSHT? CO->
ctrasers wtU leaTt wiarf; corner y.r« aarS
Bra^S^trwt*. *= 1 K- C S» TOSOHAJL*
aad Erasiocs; c*21s» at K^b* <Hic«o>. Na^a-
«akl «a<* £i«ss!sai. a=d cocn«ctt=K at Hor^-
kecs with utaaen f jt In«Ila. «tc. N» carr»
rKwiT^ ca bcarl ta* &»7 of saigas.
Tla EficcfciM. Rau=<l-tr*3 tlci?t3 at ."w£ae*!l
rataa. F.-T CMKM a=il paaaax? a; sir at Ccsa-
naar'» c«2c». -d S£ar4*t «rwt Knir Ftrsc
TB-. H. AVERT. G«wra: Affiat-
occaDies.5.co.E^
« c StARTPOSA. fcr Taiiti. Fa&. U» U a. =x.
a" «T VEN^TT^A. irre E=o 1^13. Sarsca. a-;c i-
load and Vri=«T. TSctAit. Frt. 11. 2 p. a*.
c g Al_OCErJJU f^r EjccI-^zz. Fsa. 25. U ■.=.
COE71353 *?^'^ It -» taUSSAliJjnjJi
n-wc? LECS TO HAVR2-PAJ13. .^^
= a "--Iit. at 10 «- =-. £raa Pier 42. wfirfSL?
Xor--a tiller, fsot a* 3t«n »c
First class ta HaTre. $T> azc! ny**."i S*<?-
snd das* t^ Ka^r-. »45 arai nmri. GZS-
EP U. AGENCY 3-CH UNITED 5TATS3 AXO
CANADA. XT Eroa.i-»ay (H^tsca Buiiil=<^
Km Tar*. J- F. FXTGAZI A CO.. Pa=-.2c Coajt
"^y.-ta,. 5 MontarMEery a-»«rc«- 3aa Froactaca.
T;.:a»ry «i?J feT an Ra.'*rr«<l TL^itire Ajg»a J.
•y-»-w lalxad aad YaHejo St«mas«r«.
Stsaaier GEN. FRI53tS cr M0XT2CEIXO—
t:C a. ar. *Ui aaS »:3> p- bs^. n=«st Saacar
«mtlar. ».*5 a. =»». i^J* 3- =»- L*»»* V*ll*jOk
7 a. m^. 12 J» aatl • pt nt- «x. Suarfay. S^2-
day. Z a. «_ 4OS p^ o. Far«. 3t> ceata. T«-
U.i:a TVT* Pter i. iCLsatSMS- dot*. EATUH
WesMj GaU 81.00 uer Yea?
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OIL ON WATER
CAUSES STRIFE
California Yacht Clob Scores
a Victory by Ccnvkiion of
Chief Ollie^r of Koscf^dii.r
MAXIMIM Fi:>E. S1000
Marinr-r Foao'd fenflty of I>arap
icjr K<*fn"»f Li'iald Feel in
Bay! Contrary to Statat«r
♦
Oii-^ni Orr.e £an Francisco CaH,
? ::• 3roa.«3wa.T. Feb. *.
Ti.*- CaZilQGK'* Yzchi C.sb \t-t^y
t.mr*-l '.- :ts rrrssif: against the con
tar=in2-_: r. '.f O^xLin'i harbor by the
<isn^i-:r.2: ef r»fme ci-'i* oil into tbr
v-a:enr r.iyJt^ bay by rr*=-« of th-i cii
tiilt rt*^nrere that -2nd dorkin^rs zt
.•.li.T.ida P<«nt. /.f ter* fffiT/- r:cz:=J c*
tat-Je the '.It:b tht5 aftemboia 5-rrsrei
the r-r.ri«ija cf F. «:. I/ll-gar. Sre:
->-«. TT.e efcarge was a viola
t.CiH ri the nattrte of f^liiirzia. which
irttj tne c^;:y:r-? oi ml- 'i! tsto
the rriiers of the bay or of stream*.
Tb*£iKLse was hard '.=5ht. but after
two days in Eftirai trial Iz.".i'-^ of tte
i*cs.r* J«ire» C: Quin-n fo«jn.d DeHesar
jr-:i:r «jd ordered him to zz>p*zt Sat
crday for senfT^c". •The i.iaximum fine
tr^er.the law is VJSA.
B*hrzA the -r>j*etuti'.T;. In 'sb'ich
« V/tn— .-ylore G*r>rr»^ M- Shaw and Jchn
Ffcerry. official c»rar^r»T and fcfrmer
; -- ift»:r. t'^'<k •xrectal Jr.r«-rest. is j
cr%-rr.tTt2tJrm V»*t2«S part of tb« yacht
.- to carry fu t5;ht ss&inst the aB
ruisanoeto cover San Francisco Bay
£t w"!!. "Fcr months the clcb oScer*
had a d*;t»^t.it-e employed to collect esi-
Cesce zzz.r.fi the oil fteam^r r-*-'/p!e.
OIL-COVERED U'ATEHS.
Tbe yarhteir.'rn declare that tb*
■water* of Oaklacd harbor have b-ecorr^
j» badly coated with the refuse oil that
the nuisance fs one £»f the 'controlling
r«i»ons why the California Yacht Club
has decided to abandon its headcuar
ters and mooring jrr r >^nds on the south
Ic .' the harbor oppwiv Brc.adwa>
wharf.
Jn the collection of the evidence that
was recuired to convict First Officer
I>enegar. who personally is not at
tacked by the club, the detertlve em
ployed, with the -interested members,
cacovered the methods by which th»
tteam>hip pjeopl*- had been allowing the
crntraband oil to escape. The watch
era eaw that wat^r used tisr ballast in
the tankf after they were emptied
mould be -pumped into the bay &.nr\
•vrith the fluid was carried a heavy
thick residuum, which washed -x'th the
*bb ar./J Sow of the tide over the har
bor. The yachts at their rr.o-orings have
b*;*n rm*-arec. *ma!i J>oat* made nafty.
boat landings veneered, piling coated
and the oil scum has killed the fish, and
rL»m* are almost extinct from contact
writli it-
Such is the bill of complaint made
Y7 Co-mmodor*- £haw as the cause for
the club's determination to fight the
oj! nuisance in the courts.
DANGER OF; FIRE.
"W* have b*«n driven out of Oak
lar.J. harbor by thin icorita mtnatibn."
eaid Commodore Fhaw to-day. "It is
r»ot only a n«isan<-e. but a serious
njesac*. If f.re ehovM hr« t zk out among
these oJl-coate«l p.-'« and vessels notn
ing could prevent a; disastrous confla
gration «mong the fhipping. The trou
b> has be»n r*ogr.iz*d: an an e»U by
the lawn of tb» State, but we h'ave
h.Ad rr^at diffi'-u.ty In getting pr^^r
f-tat*- officials to take hold of the mat
t'-r.
"Months ego w» laid the subjert be
fore th<- Ftate Fifh Commissinr.era en
th» ground that the fish c «-er*» being
ktUM. but w-» wr* 1 hfliMf to get them
to rro€*>"rut»;'.the off«»nderr. A Ions
t:rri* ago »n attorney of the commis
rion «'am« i ovr-r h'r*. but that was the
last w* heard of that body. •
•*v* we cot our o^wn detective, who
the r>ut>i» nf oil a'.on? the
barbor. Tn ©mo otrr erfd^nre van in
rhap* and w« caused Delkgar's ar
r^t, sirrp'y t^'ause the rcfuy oil W2s
being jicicped oat of th*» steamer and
be h*pp**r.i«*l O b» in charge.
"Net alone i* Oakland barbor af
f'-'Trd. I h>-* ' ■■ >l thrrusrh just such
a iicBia along th» 'tny oflf-th* aoawaJi.
Th" c:! i» ruin'.rrg the fir.h to the bay.
Thfy are.^'crr.ir.jrj^o rtr^c^ly impreg
raf-d with the cUrf stuff that they are
unCt to <"at. Our b^ar.« sro being ruined
es r.-'il ar.d w *- fed that the time has
come to fcrce the oil men to obey the
law. I zn rrsij* than satisfied * with
our irsiii>l effort."
The OSkxri of the. California. Yarht
Club ere: Conrmcdor*, George M.
Fha« ; *1c« c*joor>aorp,^Ctoj1ei P. Doe;
Bcrrrtarj-. Fr«"d I^J Brutz; treasurer,
J. Alt*r.i3crf ; pert captain. Charles
Vogel; direr tcr*. A. G. Eixb^r, C. E.
Clark and O. H. V.'IIUani?.
Marrfasn Iir*-n*<:«.
OAKLAND, F':b. 4. — The following
marriage Hcenr/a were i«ued by tho
County Clerk to-day: John Reining,
over 21. and Lacra C. Price, over 18.
both cf Berkeley; John A. T .V. Franke.
27. and EHora V. Mem, 21. both of
Oakland; John FiJva. 27. Mill Valley,
and Vincent Roderick, 19. Hay wards;
Frank Borgnson. 20. and Hilma Chris
tenson. 28. both of Berkeley; Joao A.
Lial. 3C NMes. end Izabel Ai- Roza, 27.
Livermore; Samuel L. Rogers. 22. and
Leonora L. Silva. 20. both of San Le
andro.
Charsrd With Stralins Tool-.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — PL O. Ormsby
and J. W. Wright (■wore to complaint*
to-day charging Edward Connors, who
is in custody, with burglary. Connors,
the police say, has been stealing a
large quantity of carpenters' tool.1
from buildings In course of construc
tion.
Children to Plant Trees.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— The children o*f
the McKinley School will celebrate an
arbor dav cf their owrs on February 22
by planting trees In the school j'ard
and along the street. The trees are t-j
take the place of a' number that were
torn up while the school was unde>^
jolng repairs lately
LITTLE SHOWN
FOR LIFE WORK
Inventory of Estate of Late
Profe>*or Do P^nt Syle, Jnst
Finished. Totals "but 62321
ROYALTIES VERY MEAGER
Smajliicss of His Earning Isj
a Disappointment to the- Many i
Admirers of UU Work;
Cak!and OJTire S-in Franci»co Call
111S Ere ad «. ay. Feb. 4.
Fcr his lif-i'f. irerk. in which he was «
dteri'd a sucr:***. th° late Professor |
L. f>u Ptr.t Sy'ei leaves an estat*> va!- t
,'-J £t tr^l tO. An Tnvsntory of his;
cJTtcts SJed tc-ti2r by his vidorr «h<--rs :
that royalties 03 his %orks have |
bro-jght her in Uozc Vi. R. Jenkins ;
J> 5S. and frcni Aiim & Bat-on $7 75 !
ir.d tl51 From a life insurance policy I
has been realized J5^2 19. while ?:i£5 in I
«ish. whir^h Prcfesscr Syle had at the \
lime of o his d^ath. makes up the bal- !
anxre of his estate.
. During the nveny year* he was a pro
ffjor of Ensrli'h literata^e^it the Uni
versity cf California he wrote a r.um
ber of wcrlts which were regarded as
clz.*zi?s in the wcrid cf literature, and
the Emallne* ■? <\f his cruite is a disap
i^;'ntrr.ent to the mary who valued his
•=r:t:rrs ar.d t*zch:ngs.
EVENTS INiOCIETY
OAfr:LJOCD.*.reb. 4.— ilr. tr-! Kr* C. E.
their r>Mt* b^r< Dr- .*&4 • 5«r» &*w*rd
Tc\ir^r*T <rf ?*n Fr*3^>«^o.' K-. sr.'S Mr*. K»r.
ry H. SsJXk. Sir. sad Hn! Jt*rk Uwr«rt
n«voa- Ml»» £ui>r 'W"ii^-at(» «=<i DoltM H*rrl-
R»r. ar/J Mr*. *Tt*T>% Wa!i'»r w»re hoa
cretl fm>»l» ytmri*? aft»mry>3 at a p*****- 1
l^tl*. tsfcnatl.f^a *tr»n tr MJm Maai* !>!»!»
Pep*. Mr. V."a!k!*jr u tfc* c«w r*rt»r of fit.
Pad* EptatXT*! Cfcurch. owUnjr to O»Jc!»3/l
PKeztly Irata <jrw> Ct=r«:h. N»* Y<3*.
ttertejf tb* ait(>T=ooB the «--••*-* *r.;' :■ -«1 a
**:i«h';c! iEpronri^a prMtraRrs*. which «u
f«rtirt^ti«i in by Mi*» Fatr»-»«;hpr of Fan
Fr*art»r»>. wl» fca« a. \-»r/ J-r»«jr cootra.lto
rrAe»; Vn. I. W. Oas:b>. al»o : fro*n a^r*»
tb* bay. rbo gav* thr*» clever r»citatlcss». and
E. D. Cntstfail. tfce well-lw.wn Uoan JUBOOS
tt^-?- tr»i>*=t w«-r»: Mr*. Jtr^i G. Hc?rt. Mr*.
K»=rT Cl*y Tt.'t; Mr. tad Mr«. E. L>. Cran
-Uil. MtM -Cbrt«rt»" T*ft. HD* Grt« San
br?m. M;«» Claire Cta-bct. Mt» E4Jth ry»t*.VA.
Xr*. Jcha V.mrr Wxkinana. Mr». Ja=*» P.
H. Duns. Mi» I>a:r, cf san Fran^i*co: Mr*.
Xetr*«B Ktj**rt. Mr. mr,'! JJr». John Frac-cU
FntHh. M!»» Ktb»l Val»txin*. MIm Fair-
MStBO -- vi Mr* J. 1! Gaaii!e.
M-. aoi Mr». A. L. ?tr,c» wt'I Istroi;*:* a
■r»rr p^»>olar new tn ifce Eift — at a s»t>.»rlns
fit fri«Ti«i» &»it Fatar<lar tv*-j-y at th«lr bom*
oa V#raoa IVsrr.ti. About rorty fiesta ws:i
Tbe ru«iry»r« of th* AUrr.*4a Ctenr.ty I>a
tal Sort«-ty r*ve a fcaaqj^t !a« night at th*
ilnr.-l Kfts^f<.>. Th* jx'rryiezil. Zn. J. Loran
Pear*, f.-r^aii-i. AtEV.Tar ti>? p*rtleij*=l» wert:
n. H. All«. E: J. Ay«r*. W. H. Abh*r. J. E.
BsA. H. P. Carton. H. O. Chappt'.. M. J.
O-,e«flin, C**fl Ccrrta. J. H. Dcrhare. J. U.
Efi«». L. H. Fra*^r o< I>rk^r*y. Ray E. CH
•oti. J. C GtlbtrUHV.. M. U Greer. P. D, CSa»
klU. S«n FrascJvr,; W. H. Hajrbff. A!a-
m*-4V. H. N. H«ii*T»^n, Berkeley: J F.
Jar»T». 'WaJtfrr F. L*ttU, Eaa FraEci*c«;; C.
E. L*i>»rj»r. H. B. Knoz. Oi»ti«rs L.. Morrr.
F. M. O. K'M»?h. P. A. Marlctt*. F. R. Oir
<!*n, J. L^ran P«*#*. O*<:rsf« W. Rodciph. J.
M. ?taK*r. V.'. F. Kchwar.er. L. A. Koir.nvr*.
E. A, Cpton. L. Van Or»!»n, £aa .Franci»co;
C. E: Walton. FrultvaJe.
Askri th* «--»»- » w«t* E>r. Frank L». A<1
arr«. I>r. Ha>war<4 O. Trxwria*. Et. R*4nicivl
«5. Payn». Pan Franrl»co: Dr. Jarir* Kbarp*.
Hao Fr«cci»^o: I>a F. Wcrlnsr «nd B*v. C.
F. Walk:«y.
REP.KEl-ET. Feb 4.— Mir* F^r^re Cham
p-*sx »nd Harry E. VI^k»». hrth f<rrner «tu
4*r:t« at the t*»Iver«<ty of Callf'.rr.la'. will h*
rr.a rr>>! r.ext W#<Jne»day Jn Pc*-t!an4. Ore.
I' ■ • n«TBTT»oi *n a nw»s;h»r of the c!a»j
of '0* 9tA Mr. Macee cf "01. and he wa« oa'.e
e<iltcr «f "The Occident." He it n/rw con
r.f-tiKi with Du&a'« MercastUe Ar»r.ry in
Pf-rt^rj-i. •
Mr». C «'. Rasdall ectertarnH the P»e-1
rrrrrt Wfc!« <"Icb at her Berke>y ferrme lar?
M'.Ti-iay afternoon. Mr*. H. %t. Maxwell won
th*» Dm r-rli». Tb» rue*** were Mrs. If. C.
Mixatt. ilr* M»i»'!l. Mr*. Wickham IU
v*c*. Mr*. W. a. H«rj»». Mr*. Caarl«» D. Oil
rran. Mm. Harry TV.ma*. Mrr G**r5» Ft*r-
Itr.r «r» H C Capmtll. Mm. F. M. CSJoun,
\%r%, ZA-**rl W. fcr.M. Mm. J. P. Rknard
mr.-a a«l Mr«. Wu'.iant R- fharon.
.ALAMET>A. Feb. i.—Zirt. c-,*~rw> H. Tyirm
eRj»Tta.lE*«l a terry nt tri-n4* at rar»l» ttl*
aft^m'/cn at Iver l»n», 13O1 Central ax-em*.
Five ■.-'.••--. «•>.- tb* r*~* that i<k»\v4 th«
rort att*n*l / wi frotn the triitr. Amcn^ x\i r tt*
wlw auifU4 the hrtfteft Ja receivtoc were:
Mrt. Jarr,e« Ty«cn. Mrs. Earene. Br»a»*. Mr«-
C, II. EMttnrk. Mr*. William Afcbctt. Mr*.
<~harJ*« L. TJ»flal». Mr». R//bert Ty*o« and
Mi»» Fairman cf San Fran^oco.
.• . V' M. 5taart Taylor left to-4ay for the
V»V»t KI<J». is> Fresno <"o«nty. to *1elt bl*
ranch th*r». He »ill r»tum the latter part
cf react w»*lc.
N>!wn C. »i*li wJH ' go io Is* Acgelni
next w«k with the rn^rchant*' excunlcn frwa
Oa Viand. He will rf present th<- W«*t End Im
pro-r^njent >»'.%•:". on tie trio.
Mr». Jaai*« A. Kheeraa will Recall Hatur
«!«>' irr Arizona where *he will vi»Jt rela
tives. - f
••'Karly '■*,:■ jr :a Ifjetoo" will he the »rrplc
of tflarciOTlon fcy the L'citw) Bute* history t<x
•'.■■. '■'- the A>;t/hia» Ctcb at lu aevtim tn
be held, t/v-morrcrw rconsin*.. ccmrjeaclaa; at
JO o'e!<xj1c. . Tb*- »?efclters wJJl h* Mr*, i. V.
J*Tr.\+r"n. Mr* I*ab»!lla R. Tobia* and Mrt.
IZrr.Yiy Bmmtf Powell.
Saturday afternoon the AdelDhfan Club will
boW Its cnl/5T» ir.e^tinr- Mr». P. H. Teller,
who ha* r«-»ntly mui-ned frotn a trip atTtva4.
will relate worne f.f h*r e»r*-ri*rice« and MiM
Anr.e • \sri\r* DanirJla will be h«ar<] la a
•eriet cf v/>rs< *eJertlar«
CHINESE STUDENT
GETS COMMISSION
Samuel Suiik Young Wear* the Shoul
der Strap* of Lieutenant in Utii
• verj»Ity Cadet Ilesrlment.
BERKELEY. Feb. 4.— Samuel Sung
Young, a young Chinese Etudent at the
University - of California, wears the
ehoclder straps and sword of a lieu
tenant in the University Cadet Regi
ment. This distinction has just been
conferred <<xx him by Adjutant Genera!
Stone of the State Militia, acting on
the recommendation of Colonel Henry
de H. Waite, colonel of the student
v. Idlers' organization.
Lieutenant Young Is the only Chi
nese wearing the uniform of an oflleer
of the United States army. He is a son
of nev. W. C. Young, a regularly or
dained clergyman of . the Episcopal
church, and formerly rector of a mis
sion in Ban Francisco. The young man
ir a bright student and holds a State
scholarship that give3 him >125 a year.
He was graduated from the San Fran
cisco public schoolu and intends gofng
to Columbia University when he fin
ishes at Berkeley.
Regents' Claim Allowed.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — The claim of
the regents of the University or^al
ifornia for 830,0S5 against the estate
of the late State Senator Beard of
Alvarado has been approved by his
widow and to-day was allowed by the
court. His estate is valued at $60,000.
The Indebtedness v.-as for money bor
rowed from the regents some years
ago.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5; 1901
REAL ESTATE DEALERS
WARMLY INDORSE CALL
Running of Oakland News Through All Editions
of Paper Is an Innovation That They Quickly See
Is of Great Benefit— Approve Webster-Street Fill
PRESIDENT OF THE ALAMEDA COUNTY REAL ESTATE DEALERS*
ASSOCIATION. WHO APPROVES ACTION OF THE CALL IN RUN
NING OAKLAND NETWS THROUGH ALL EDITIONS.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— The Alameda
County Real Estate Dealers' Associa
tion to-n«sht took up several matters
of interest to Oakland, the principal of
which was the running of Oakland
news through all editions of the San
Francisco prees. President F. J. Wood
ward of the association brought the
matter up and there were numerous
speeches made indorsing the action of
the San Franci«co Call for giving its
Oakland news publicity to the world.
George Austin, the' Taylor brother?,
Edward Laymance and many others
addressed the association upon the ad
vantages that were to be derived from
this move of the San Francisco Call in
FEDERAL JURY
INDICTS AGENTS
Learns That Kansas Express
Companies Have Been Vio
lating the Prohibition Laws
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 4.—Whole
sale indictments by the i'ederal Grand
Jury of express agents in Kansas City,
throughout Kansas and in the prohi
bition counties Of Texas and of liquor
dealers- who have been shipping liquor
into these prohibition States are. im
minent, the result of a movement start
ed by John W. Tcrkes, Commissioner
of Internal Revenue at Washington.
. The local agents of three large whole
sale liquor houses, it was announced
to-day, were indicted and arrested yes
terday, but released on their own* re
cognizance. Additional bills, it Is said,
will be found against the agent of
every express company in Kansas City,
in the State of Kansas and in the pro
hibition counties of Texas who have
acted as agents for liquor houses in
selling whisky.
For years practically every express
company in this part of the Southwest
has acted as the agency for liquor com
panies that have sold liquor in Kansas
and Texas, the express agents of the
different companies acting nominally as
agents at the various points, thus prac
tically nullifying the prohibitory law.
To avoid the law the whisky wag sent
in sealed packages addressed to Ficti
tlcrus names and sold by the agents for
"express charges." Millions of cases
of 'whisky have been sent Into Kansas
yearly, and for each case disposed of
the express agents were allowed 50
cents. This naturally has proven not
only a violation of the prohibition laws
of the States named, but has deprived
the Federal Government of an immense
amount of revenue.
It was stated to-day that the Fed
eral Government has sent dozens of
agents into Kansas and parts of Texas
affected to gain evidence upon which
to convict the offenders.
The three Kansas City liquor deaTers
were indicted by a Federal Grand dury
sitting at Wichita. Kans., and the in
dictments sent to the office of the
United States District Attorney here
for service.
LOS AKGELES. Feb. 4.— Tb« Coroner 1 *
Jury in the cace cf John B. .Kearney, who was
cbot to d>rath by Philip .Lee. a hack driver,
in the Hotel Berwick Tuesday afternoon, found
that Lee fired - the fatal shot ' with intent to
il!l aad he was accordingly b«ld to answer on
a coarse of murder.'
givin? the entire circulation of the
pa&er the full benefit of the Oakland
news.
At the conclusion of the discussion a
resolution was adopted indorsing the
action of the only San Francisco paper
that has recognized the advancement
of the interests of the eastern side of
the bay-
The association also indorsed the Im
provement of the Webster street fill
betueen Oakland and - Alameda and
recommended the passage of a definite
building ordinance for the city of Oak
land. The excursion to Los Angeles
was also approved and nearly all of
the members will avail themselves of
the opportunity to visit the boomland
of the south.
PRISON GUARD
KILLS CONVICT
Desperate Criminal in the Ne
vada Penitentiary Attempts
to Make Escape and Is Shot
CARSON, Nev., Feb. 4.— A convict
named Bentley, alias Teddy Smith,
was shot and killed by Guard
Gamble at the prison to-day. Bentley
was endeavoring to escape and while
making for the open beyond the dead
line was shot down.
Bentley has been feigning, insanity
for a number of weeks and when this
did not bring the desired result he
made a break for liberty. He was with
a number of convicts who were being
taken from the quarry, as the weather
was threatening. Bentley was in the
lead and when he reached the outer
wall made a break to escape. Guard
Gamble, who was the nearest to him,
ordered him to halt. The command
was repeated several times, and as the
man was getting out of range, he fired
a shot The bullet struck Bentley in
the back and he died in a few minutes.
Bentley had a bad record and was
nerving his second term. He was sen
tenced for attempting the life of
Sheriff Hays of Washoe County. He
was In jail awaiting trial, when he es
caped. In doing so he shot the Sheriff
and escaped to Texas,' where he was
recaptured after a year's hunt. He
was sentenced to twenty-five years and
was regarded as one of the bad men of
the prlson.
Smallpox on the Logan.
HONOLULU, Feb.. 4. — The array
transport Logan arrived here to-day
from Manpa with one case o£ small
pox on board. After leaving the pa
tient at Quarantine Island the Logan
proceeded to San Francisco without
communicating with the shore.
FREE ! FREE !
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTIFUL SOUVKXIR
OF SAX FRAXCISCO. ME-
TROPOLIS OF THE
.WLNTEItLESS
LAXD.
Free to Want Advertisers
IN •
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In an envelope ready for mall-
ins.
MONEY SLIPS
FROM OLD MAN
After Ama«sin<r a Fortune of
Half 3Jillion. Fabrfrio XI
£To Is Declared Incompetent
THROWS HIS COIN AWAY
Owner of Poodle Dozr R**staa
rant Baildinir Said to Bo Suf
fering From .Senile Dementia
Oakland OfSce San Fran-risro Call
1115 Broadway. F*b. 4-
Fabrieio Nigro. owner of th* PoodI*
D05 restaurant bcildin? in San Fran
cts-co. was to-day declared iTieonj^tect
to rnanagr* his affaire, acd his "*i'e
Ell»a was appointed his guardian. H»r
Xxrarers. however, were r*strfct*<J to
taking care of their inonie, which Is
said to b* 114"» a ronth Cram the bvl'A
in? fn which the restaurant i« con
ducted alone. They have other prop
erty on both sides of the bar and he
la reputed to be worth J2JQ/X0.
In his examination to-day it
gho-arn that Ni?ro is s^ifering frees se
nile dementia. His wife stated that
he would !ea\-e home In th? momir?
vrfth a pocketful of rnocty and return
at night without a cent and be unable
to say what he had done with it. A
few days ago he built a fire in the
rniddSe of one of the rooms of their
home at Center and Seventh street*,
and she then determined to talce steps
to have restrictions placed upon his
actions. Mrs. Ni^ro- was placed under
142.0M bonds and was not eiven author
ity to disi»se of any property.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EEKKELET. Feb. 4.— M*«cte Coc:<rr. ca?
u!a cf :!v» tra^k t»ani. ha* t**3 <!*tl»-! fcr
tli« execostve ccinsrill** cf tbe A*«ciate<5
Sta<i*n;« th* athletic r«-pT«s»3ts.tiTe oa fhat
octnism** u> C.'l th« Tacan«7 safie by tbe
mlp-Jtica c-f Oir&l OvrralL
ArTsng»rr*st« har» t**3 ina<ie f&r a eosc«rt
la tie Gr«*k Th*arir on th« arierw^n c?
W«<Js*»«ia7 t March 2, fcy th» f«ai/ss t»»i £j
Gortoa Hi?h:a=4««. tor^Uriy k=«rwn as "Th«
KI1U««." Tti* t» DOt E-rely a r*«;n»stai
b«ad. plajia* eJa*«icaJ ar.d p^-palar bard iaa
*lc. bet Isclude-s [!r<r». dascrrs »=.'J a rocai
chcir. A pTcrras!E<? Jo!l cf Ei-veit:*! nay
tkrreicr* \jt ei^ctrf. Aic!«k2 will te 5<>
eenu and there irsi: t* ao re»?rveJ »at». In
caw cf rala the concert will t« he! 4 ta the
ry.-rr_a •:.:"..
The *iu^»r:t body w'JI raeet ttv-niorroTr at 11
o'clock la Harrier! GyirsaJiuia fcr tlve pur
poee cf hearin; as<J actlaa- en the report cf
th* ccisniitt.e« ZyZOiT.'eiX to col'tct data cs a
pr<5T»s*<l Ftu<i*nt Lat^r dar.
Th* Ptadent*" Se-cate asd Ccisyre** will ten
der a hm|il to the oetnbers of the Carrot
t»a!i3 r .n tfee tvenlnff cf F*braary 11 at the
California. Hotel ia Fan Fnusctsco. .The ccta
isittee* ia charge cor^iit cf the foiiowia?
Miri: Senate— E. C. Biker. W. D. An
drews. F. A. ?33=ian. Corjrr»»»— R. L. Mc-
WUltasic. Philip Carey. A. C. Keace.
Tte Judyts of the Canot debate, which -rill
be neM uy-xonnrfmr ereairr in Harmon GjTsna
• icra. are Jodre M. C. Hlos», F. J. iljn.-x:.
aad Jadxe SeaweU.
W. E. SCULLY PRESIDENT
OF DISTRICT COUNCIL
Plumbers* Union Will Banquet Daniel
Crowley. Head of Master Pltunb
er«* Association.
OAKLAND Feb. 4. — W. E. Scully,
former business agent of the Building
Trades Council of Oakland, has been
elected president of the. District Coun
cil of Painters of San Francisco, which
has jurisdiction over all the unions
around the bay.
The Plumbers' Union will give a
banquet to Daniel Crowley. 'president
of the Master Plumbers' Association,
on February 17. The members of the
committee of arrangements are F.
Newell. E. Hilling. J. Barry. S. T,
Donough and Thomas Neal.
The examining board of the Plumb
ers' Union will commence a competi
tive examination of apprentices on
February 24 to determine which of
the apprentices shall attend the trade
school at New York next year.
>L\THEMATICIAV SCORES
TILE SCHOOL TEACHERS
Profr«sor Irving Strinsham Says
Methods in Vogue Arc Away Be-
hind the Times.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— Professor Irv
ing Stringham. head of the department
of mathematics at the University of
California, says that the methods in
vegue among the teachers of the public
schools' of the State are obsolete. In
his classroom yesterday he said that
the pedagogues teach the same methyls
that they learned when they went to
school years ago, regardless of the fact
that there has been large Improvement.
Most striking of these derelictions, he
says, is that in regard to the method
for extracting the cube root The
roundabout way used in the schools
may be good training Tor the mind.
Professor Stringham saye. but it is not
economy. "When the graduates of the
secondary schools enter the university
they have to be taught all over again.
Bond Report in Abeyance.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4. — Submission of
the special bond committee's report
on general improvement bonds ■will
not be made, to the City- Council be
fore the meeting of February 15. The
committee has held a conference with
the Board of. Trade directors, who
have expressed themselves as in favor
of the general plan. It Is understood
that before the report is ready for the
public the committee will make some
cuts in amounts to be allowed in the
estimates.
! Propose Legal Action.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — The West Oak
land Improvement Club will hold a
meeting to-morrow night, at which it
is proposed to provide for legal action
over the garbage crematory. An ex
ecutive committee with power to em
ploy an attorney and begin action is
suggested.
A Wrong Picture.
On January 29 The Call in publish
ing an account of the arrest in Oak
land of a young girl named Norah
Jordan on a charge of petty larceny
printed by mistake as a picture of the
arrested -girl the photograph of an In
nocent and estimable young, lady of
that city. The mistake was an unfor
tunate one and correction is gladly
made
WILL EXHIBIT
WORKS OF ART
Thrw HrmdrM fainting* by
Well Known ArttitM to f>?
Ifun;r bv ih, t ,i\.>:i-\ Association
■ -
JUDGES ALREADY NAMED
Board of 5fana^*rr» Zetur+z
Y'xThX Vnitarian Chnreh fn
Whirh to Hold the Display
Oafc-'aad OJ5/^» Saj» Yx*srt*cr» Can.
111? Brca-dwar. Ffrt*. t
Mcre than SJrt pafetis^j ty t!se nvsrt
celehrated artist* in Ca!If^rria. -will be
shown at the f'/orth zzzzal ezhlift of
the Oakland Art Fs=4 Asaociatics.
■arhkrh iirCJ o^en Saturday. Fet/mary i?.
at the First Unitarian Chcrch. A !y^ar-:
cf five Judtes will **Ie^t tb* p*istis5»
to be hnsg. areordicg to their tz*7it£-
Th^s-? who •KiU j-zZg*: tie exhibits are
G. Cadenajrso. Eydsey J. Yard. C.
Chapel Jcdscr, Xavier ilartise* «aS
Mr. PlaxzcnL
More than ei^hty-ffv* weU-ks-owa
artist? have already prcsrised to s?si
exhibits, and 21 ea.?h exhibitor may
have five r<ictcr*s buns it is expected
that every available bit of space wUl
be occupied when the exhibit ope^s.
AH exhibits are required to be at the
church not later than the evening cf
February U-
The exhibition* win be given under
the direction of the beard cf managers
cf the Oakland Art Fend Asao<riatic=-
They ere Mrs. William Milwain. rsas
a^er: Jlrs. E. A. Kluegel and MUs
Elizabeth Gray, assistant managers ;
Mirs Addie Gorrill, secretary and treas
urer; Mrs. W. E. Sharon, chaimian re
ception committee; Hiss Pauline Col
lins, chairman music comnoittee; Miss
Ada Bates. II..'? Ircogene Hawley. Mrs.
Bee B. CIaw*cn. Mrs. "William Noyes,
3Irs. Arthur Brown, Dr. Edward von
Adelung. William GorriU and Jjt.
Charles D. Gilman.
The fudges were selected at a n:eet
ing of the board of rsanag^rs hell at
the office of Dr. von Adeiung this after
noon. The object of the exhibition is to
encourage art on this side of the bay
and establish an art center in Oakland.
Pocahontas Degree InitaDs.
ALA M EDA, Feb. 4. — YoMrnite
Council Xo. 19. DegTee of Pocahontas,
Improved Order cf Red Men. fcas in
stalled the folio-wing oScers: Poca
hontas, Clemence Ledeme: prophetess.
Edith Bridge; powhattaiv John
Hearr.e; wenonah. Helen Parker;
scouts, Martha. Ledeme, Lillian Xor
man; councilors^ Aida Lerri*. Alia
Blake; runners, Cassie Gallagher,
Lily Le-xis; guard of tepee, Mrs. J.
A. GILsh; ffuard of forest, Mrs. 1 F. J.
Gallagher.
Will Build Broadway Sewer*.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — The Sireet
Committee of the City Council to
night recommended that the City En
gineer be directed to prepare plans
and estimates of cost of sewers on
both sides of Broadway from Twelfth
street south to the water front. This
js the first step toward the construc
tion of new sewers to replace the old
concrete conduits, which have caused
much damage bv constant breaking.
Charges Lawyer With Cruelty.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4. — George F.
Witter, an attorney of San Francisco,
was arrested to-day on a charge of
having driven a horse to death.
Charles A. Clarke. 1211 Clay street,
complained that the lawyer sold a
horse to James Taylor, an undertaker,
but after making the sale drove the
animal from San Jose so hard that
it died.
Thirteen Times a Runaway.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4. — For the thir
teenth time Josephine Perry. 15 years
of age. has been arrested as a run
away from her home in North Oak
land. The police registered entry
number 13 on the prison blotter to
day. Miss Perry has been placed in
the incorrigible clas3 by her parents
and the District Attorney will take
ch-irge of her case.
Hcmpstead Wins Out.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4. — The applica
tion to have Constable Bert Hemp
stead removed from his o^Bce on the
charge that he had retained 1150 be
longing to one Vladimir LJgda was
denied to-day by Judge Hall and the
action dismissed. It was shown that
the money was given Hempstead to
indemnify him against loss until a suit
was settled. This case has not yet
been settled.
Chinese Charged With Murder.
Detective Ryan arrived from Sacra
mento yesterday morning with Xguen
Lun. who is accused of shooting and
killing Tom Yick of the Chinese Edu
cational Society in Ross alley on May 7
last. Hi3 companion in the killing.
Quon You, was arrested on August 20
by Detective Ryan and is nc-w await
ing his trial in the Superior Court. Ten
presidents of Chinese tongs were in
dicted by the Grand Jury for conspi
racy in connection with the same mur
der, and one of them. Quon Quock
Wah, was- fried before a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court, convicted and sen
tenced to be hanged, but a motion for
a new trial is pending. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
WEDXESDAT, FEBRUARY 3
Kate K.v\Vhe«ler (wife or P. U) to EibU-
C. GusUfson (wife cf O.). lot en S lice c
Eighth street. 100 E of Fallen. E 50 by s 100
part block 201. Oakland; $10. ■
Michael Doolan. alias Michael F. Dolan t.
Sarah Adam (wife cf Joseph), lot 17 hjotl
4«5. Gibbons, property. Oakland; *lft "
; J. F. and Nellie C. Stewart (wife) to Co
lun>bi«n Banking Ccmpany. lot on S line c
I>nniS3on fetreet, f2 E of Valdes. E 31'9 by 1
100. portfen of lot S. block D. Shell 'Moun,
Tract. East Oakland; $10. Wa<
Martin Concanr.on to WlUiara Concannoi
(widower), lot on S line of William street
C05:7}5 W of Wood. W 25 by B 10T»:7U lot II
block i3. Oakland Point RaJlrcad Ferry Land
lny. Oakland; also lot on S line of Wtuun
■treet. 118:m W of Pine. W «2:« by S l»;u
W % of lot 10 and all of lot 11. block 39. urn.
tract. Oakland: $t.
Levi and Alice Key« (wire) to Lcuis SU
BUA3TCH OFFICES
OF THK CALL 15
ALAH£I>A C013TT
O.tKLA.vrx
III* B*xa*S«rr.
T**rp£we*- V-..-; I«*3L
KKKKKLirr-
AJ-AM.EDA.
SEEPAGE KILLS
TYPHOID GERMS
Profe*»or Jordan of the Uni
ver?ity of Chicago Annormces
an Important Discovery
CHICAGO. Feb. 4. — A ■ilsrzrmzj
that day de-rii* tie i=i»ntai* cz=al
cajj? i:*f ore ti-e Vzl'Jti Stares S^2^je=i.-e
Cocrt was asno^^s^ to-day fcy Pr^
fe*sor Jordan tl:« Unrrersirr ci
Chlczgo. Wii> en tie witness tcs^i
ia th« fce*r:ns of the l=^=cti'7a c*i«
of lie ctat? cf Hjarrsrl agairr: t!>e
State cf Illinois an,i tie Chicago Siri
itary District V>*2x7. Prcfeaacr Jcr
daa dec^Lred t» had prtrred tiat ty
phoLd g*rr*;» will cot lrv» m^re tn^.n
faro days ia seepage poH-t^J -razsT
and win cot lrre more than t«= day*
in prxre water.
The dls-rovery. besides be*=g cr=^ii2
in the present suit, is cor^rary to all
prerious «cienti5c theories r»?arii=£
the life of typhoid fever ba/rllli-
Ag3»>ciate<« wita Prcfesscr J^niaa fcs
the extensive exr^rimerts whici led
up to his discovery were Professor
Russell cf the University of TTiseo::
sin an-i Profescr Zeit cf Xorthwest
ern University.
cri**% Sk ra S BM «* LCy cr«r- 13 E rt
•J*=^r*..E 3 fcy 5 I'M. Jtt ia tiock M. T^A
ert* A ■W<UfAnj T»« O«ki*=4: «1-X
K*ae a»3 C. H- Kr=g «^r»fc«a*» w O?^y»*
T- Bncti V.s «j t cccs*r ef Eu: FVfr?-^-.3
»trret as-! Ei«I:iij aTe=ae. JfK 50 ty ?S r3S:X
par: tlc<it TO. ri-^-a. iitrt QftJUurJ: fti
E=s* a=d Gtirfei H_ STtilssere U tt ;.
Cc=n,ii. k: cs £ !r^» cf Loc^sa rtx**:. 10O 3
cf ETirt-e. 5 V» tT E t3L jar: cf W i Usck
IS. &erit*>7 ViU* Tra«. Eeriteiey: S-'X
EUxaseti C£ia=:<« '*l=«>» ts la'ar* T.
«J>i F^:tc= «tre« E 1"S ty K I'M. jart cf V>e»
1 aad 2. tixk B. S^fc=ris»3 Tract. Eerkr.er;
SIOl
Loci*? D. Reeb <«i=y*.-> to Ge.trj« tr. ry-is«-
IX a E Uae cf E.Jw*M» «tr~^. CSO E cf
Tel»«rapi» »T*=:ae E » ty K 123. ie« 5. =*p
cf PadSc T«wo*CCVH Se=i=ary Tract. C«i-
U=d; «1».
a:»i JX=r-ljck £ Co f^r7<jrati.?=> ta Eirre-i
J. H*sdric3c 1st ca XE corner cf B*tUr s-.r!«t
*=d St*=Tcr3 *T«=ue X Ki«. E 14". STT lia
to beriasias pertica cf :.*s I 10 4. t-ocJi
Paradis* Park OaJciaad: *10-
Lbct B. Besj2=ia E. aad Er*.Ta E. JCIrtt
er»c= to Gecrsa H. aad Alice EL Ortca. V5€ E
lisa cf Treaty- thiri it«w. Tju! SE c* 5<t
e=t-«rlh. X 23:9 by E 133 East O«Jtia3i: fl».
Vlctor L. Fortla (Tridcr*ery vy Marl* B. tr 1
A«2rs J. Forti=. !S ca X !i=* of Xi=*:e«i:i
rtreet <T"re-?eTldO 73:C~* E of Patio aT»-
B'se E *«:<H by X 8* kit SS. bJocX 2SX'l.
Bcti: Tract. Oakla=d: sift.
A. J. «aJ Soral* M. Say^er ta> R. D Row*
fiiaglft). lot ca X ll=e cf TTrsarr-*fai •»
Iji.r»:> wtrt+t. 1» W «f T»:esr«;a areaue.
W CO fcy X lt>. Caiia»J: ttO.
Jcha a=d M*r»*ret D?xca <»ife» t» ISZis J.
Welch twife of B. H.>. lc< XW Baa cf Teath
avesae. 100 KE pf Eirhte»nta. XE l'» fcy X'W
IZO. pcrtloa cf tlsc*. 19». East Caiiaad; C.X
THTTR3DAT. FE3RCAET 4.
\Ti::iasi G. an-J Hetty T. H^itahaw to V T.
aal Xetti* MjcArtJrnr. hn ea V lia* cf vr*
»tre*t. 144 N cf Thirry-eJ^sth. X 12 by W
lli»:*4. bei=s X 12 f«*t cf kit «. ttock T. rr.\?
it Slayer G:v«a Tract. Oaklaad: *lflt
Ji— '% H. asi 5 - i?> M- IxiUff f> Geonr* K.
\jrm\3. Un ca SW liae cf Hw« ttrrrt, SO S"W
cf Amethyst. SW V> by XVT 115. beirx SW 13
feet of let 2. aad XE 15 fret <»f !<rt 3. Woe*
C. TVrtna! HUI Trart. OikUad; »1<».
SaErael aad Gr»c« A- Ha> to Fr^ieridi T.
Rale, ict ca \TV crrm^T cf gtirsaer street aa4
I>>cks>y a-veni-. X 1^«> by W \nt>. lot* 25 *=1
2"i. Lc<krt»y Tract. • ■ < i-. J . alit.
Mania Kno>i.«*a f» J-^erh aad Asai» Dat-.i.
won. K co E lia* cf Ma&sca «treet. 5O S cf
Thrrf. S 25 fey E 1<*\ H»t «. Mack 121.-mes
drrtsjoa cf Woe* 1^3. Omkia.-sd: »5«».
M-urry acd Mancaret SsiUrvaa iFi=»r*a) t^
A -r .=-. aad J?*rt+i=- Pierre, let ca XE ccra»r
cf Flf:*e=th a^-1 Mark-t *tre#t». X 2S:3Vj. S
101:9. 3 £>:1<«,. TV 97. betag ryrtloa of tes 1.
fcl^ck B, Xcrta C*XU=-J Hcsresteil. O«iUii;
110.
Fraak H. a=d Fanai* M. L»»f?a to A=ai»
K- 51iar«r(»l. lot ca X Ua» cf Daraat «T-=ne.
170 \V cf Fulton »tre»t. tV 4» by X 1*X I«?t
1*5. map cf block 14. Cri:»s« Hrrsesteai.
Berkeley: 110.
A=ai* Ec «=d Walter E. I>?caa ts J. H.
I>!ah*aty. lit ca S ll=« cf T«=3te» »T«e-u
120 E of Lowe::. E 4O fcy S 143. betax let 4-
Mock 23. t=rith"» «ubdiTisJaa of }:»--.--*»
Tract. Berk»>y; *T«.
Parse to sar=e. lot o= XTT ceraer of Bistter
wcrrh aad Lov*Il rtreet«. XT 55 fcy X 1O5. b«
i=* let 14. block 25. SaiitVs rabdivisKa cf
Mathers Tract. Berkley; $10.
Hecrr aad ."•'.- Charplct ts XfVAiasa O
tirA Ar.sa M, Ryictt. lots 1 aad 2. MxX S.
plat 1. rabdtTisisa of half-acr* lots liiys aed
Capertca Tr»et. .\'.*.-r»-:a; I2PCCL
J-:-r. aad Margaret Coop fwifel tn Cath*ria»
EL Merrltt iwlfe of Jacaea B.). lot. on £t Its*
of Central avenue. 10© W of \rill<yw W :;-j
fcy S 1Z>\ lots 12. 13 aad 14 ia E H of block
A. tsai> ef laads aijac«at fc> n^itil. Al*
ia«U; flOi
Alice I*, and 'UTlbins HI«ty t» Niebol*j
Rienecker. lot ca W" lia* at Park «r»«. 42.34
X cf Baak. X 37.17 ty W 132.04. S 37.CR. E
1CS.S4. except 4O feel ca W side of Park
*treet. 1» ca X «4da of Baak aad S.OS E of
Oak. Alaca«da: f ;.\
Really Syndicate *cor?CTatioa> tt> Harry S.
Aadersoa. W 24. bkyk 2l©4. AMra Tract at
Ter=escaJ. Oak)a=4: $lt».
Harry S. aad Edaa F. Aaderson to Rlciard
J. Mcnt^oxaery. lot ca E llae of Lsadea street,
5O S cf Fcrty-firth. S 1«« by E 90. betas lot*
2 aad 3. Mock 210*. Aldea Tract u T*=>esca^
Oakland; *1<X
Realty Syndicate (crrjy^«tl«m> t-» Mary A.
Beldea (wife E. S->. let 25. Mock 2004. AUfa
Tract at TeinescsJ. Oaklaad: *10u
Mary A. and Edwin S. B*!dea to Rieaart
J. McntrHsery. let ca X !la# of FortT-Usim
rtreet. 00 K of Liadca. K :-• bv N 1 •>. beiss
lot 3t>. block 2CG7. ?*-•>. . -»i'ir. •: *: •
Harry S. aad Edna F. Anderson to »aa»".
lot oa J» line of Forty-s«?ct>=-3 »treet. 2>> \r
of Marker. W &> by X liW. betas lot 24. block
2 "U sane. Oaktacd: S1O.
Richard J. Moatrsnsery <siait!e> to i J
CXeill, let ca X lia* of Forty-seecod «r*«!
COO X cf Market. W 50 hy N lw>. lot S*. bkvk
--"4. saav. Oaklaad: J>
Maanel and Mary F. Brown : .-. M M. « r '.
Gaelerniiaa S*nto». lot oa SW nae ©f Eaat
Sixteenth street, 1OO XXV of X!=eteen«h ive
noe. XW 25 by SW IN. lot 17. block 27 Saa
AntGnio. E*?t Oaklaad: $19.
Mary E- Vaa Vraaiea to Uaaly V«a Vraa
ken. let en XW lia* of Tenta avraue. 50*s"W
of East Twjnty-fpurth street. SW ;«i> by x\7
130. pcrtlop of block 143, CliEtcn. East Oak
land: Kift.
Roscoe I* Eaaies to Xinetta Eaae>s (wtfe>
lot on X"W rom»r cf Parker - aad Fultoo
Jtreets. X 1S5 by W 5*:^. pcrtion Plai «3
Kel!er»her?er's ir.<;-. Berkeley: girt.
F. Re*cbert to Kraax A. Hahsser. pr:r«rty.
ia Meadociao Ccunty: J3«>.
Union Caviars Bank to J. p.' aad Mary N
Rayen. lot oa W liae of Waverty street. ICO* 6
X of Locust. X l.io by W 125. Km» l.\ 14 and
15. block 2^7. ViMn Tract. Oaklaad: »ia
OakUad Back of Sart»cs to U. r» irwSn.
lot 4. b'eck G. S rortisa of Harraca Trmvt.
Berkeley; fl«.
Mutual S*via«» Bank to Jo>ia and Mary J
Baker, lot on XE Use cf Madfc^n stre-t
117:«', XW of Court, .VE S3:7 fc y $£ h;«ti
portion bl-jck II. n>ap cf AUceiu. AJajnW'a :
>U>- •
KEAKXKT— In O*»land» Cat. Febnaarv I
1-XM. Mtv J. Kearney. N-:. w « wtt. <7t.V
Ute John Kearney, aa.1 *i*vr of Mnk C
Town* of O»kla7«1 anrt Ricivant Quisn or Lc«
Angeles,-* native ct Couctj T1ry*T»rT. Ur-
land.
C7FV.en<i« and :..-.:.r.ruv.-.« ar» ittMTt-
fully invited to attend the funeral en Saiar-
day. at 9 o cU*k. (mm k»r si*t*r-s wt-
i*^*- « n ' •5 4 * 1 ' •'***«'*. tl>«x> to St. Pat-
nex s Cnnrcar -wr* ...- a n*]ui*m irun%i
will Ns celebrated *ar «h«» ww* of her «oui
at a:30 o'clock* lnt?rt»«ni Hoi* Cnx* C«u-
et«rjr. ■ - »•»- . ,. .. .THRONE ROOM
RESPLENDENT
Vi<)lct and Gold prayings Give
Gorjreous Effect Where the
<»:«y Prince Carnival Will Sit
MAMU GBAS *1S NEAR
EJfctrical and Color 31ajrici«nns
Are Making Amazing: Changes
in the Temple on the Hill
Th» Msrdi Gras is no longer a vision
aiy tliins — it is here — almost. The
Tom pie of Art on the hill top has been
hi the hands of the decorators, elec
tricians and color magicians for a good
week, and the result is amazing.
, The house gallery, wherein one of
Henry Heyruan's bands of music-mak
ers will be stationed, is now strung
"with carnival lantern?, centralizing in
a great golden sphere, that will, at the
v.eek's end, uphold swarms of butter
flies and" other winged things of color.
. The Searles gallery, which will be the
throne room for his Highness, Prince
Carnival, on the night of the 16th, is
draped in violet and gold, the carnival
colors of 1904.
Over the vast skylight hangs a drape
of three colors, blending exquisitely,
the walls carrying out the color scheme
in panels from frieze to dado, which is
destined to be a wall of greenery,
■^oven Invisibly into netting. "What a
splendid background thato will make
tor, the gay pageantry!
Suspended from the canopy are three
gigantic bamboo floats, upholding an
Infinite lumber of lanterns in red and
yellow— the only note of the traditional
cclr>r B of the Old World carnivals.
Golden spheres, supporting fantastic
things in air, are yet to be suspended,
but when hung will make a fairy set-
Tir.c fnr the dazzling pageant.
Never before has the demand been
B^preat for invitations — which, by the
way, must undergo a rigid censorship
by the board of directors— and as for
The boxes in the house and Searles gal
iTies, but three remain unsold.
The following named have taken
Hnxes: Mountford S. Wilson, H. P.
Hussey, H. Hecht. J. D. Grant, Wil
l's K. Davis, Major Darling, Frank J.
Sullivan, George H. Lent, J. E. de
Ss<fcla. Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, James
D. Phclan. William Babcock, M. H. dt
Young and James L. Flood.
.Mr. Flood has obtained the largest
l».'i and the most advantageous as to
Y^terday 2300 invitations had been
;F?ued. Including the army and navy
lists. 300 going to the army alone.
« ,The supper arrangements have been
simplified by arranging a seating ca
pacity of 600, which is twice tl\at of
bssr 3- ear.
Th? decoration is in the hands of two |
"f the members cf the association, John
M. Gamble and Harry W. Seawell. i
A magnificent spectacular effect is j
I* preparation by the Alumni Associa- j
• ! on, the members of which are to Irad i
the gay procession as Egyptians, bear- j
Ins on a throne a lovely Egyptian god- j
Aaron Altmann, president of the as
sociation: Perham Nahl, Earl M. Curt;
tnfl ?$. Joseph Greenbaum, Miss McEl
roy and lifts Mount are laboring ear
nestly for the success of this extrava
gant conception.
Expert estimates of the probable
manufacture of automobiles in several
States of the Union in 1904 give the
rrjncipal place to Michigan, with Ohio
fd-md. Even Massachusetts and Wis
consin surpass New York in the list,
while Illinois makes an extremely poor
showing. Detroit and Cleveland are the
two cities which surpass all others in
this republic, as centers of the produc
tion of the self-motors. It seems odd
ihat Nest York ami Chicago should lag
TeHnd them so far.
ADVEBTISEMEXTS."
Open Sores
can be cleaned ovX, the suppcra-
( tion stopped, and a ctQre effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
br this marvelous germicide, which
= allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
, physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, preoaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
F BE E-»»1«»W» Bacllrt •« H*m U Trtti BImum.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
5aic by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical AMg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F. f sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
j^OB^qM MENANDWOMEtt.
<5gBEj*EErBlura«| C»BlgGfornnB»tur»i
d#8i&f ta lUt *mr%Xm diirh»r£ef.tnfl»nini*tionfc
ASaf <*m«»at«* W irrtusione or cle*r»tlo33
5<i>Jf mci i« itnettr*. of nnococf nj«n)br»n»».
Pj^-V Pr»««te (•ctacW«. p.in'.eit. and tot MtrlB-
tfi"»|Tri£EriKSCKEfCAlCO. e*ct or poi>coo3f.
Ijaak c:Ksr.rjm.c.CgB tcid ky Dmn»i>>
VgC&. ULl. JOBT or cent it pliin vr»pt*T.
■*TrT™hfc tlfrn t>r czpreti. prepaid, for
\W Blfflfflr rB *l J(». or J bottle* S2.7&.
» NSaai^'l H Circular wet ca request.
ATTORNEY
BANNING
IS DEAD
FIRST ASSISTANT U. S. DIS
TRICT ATTORNEY. WHO
DIED SUDDENLY.
Demise of Federal Officer
Due to Eating In
fected Meat.
Edward J_ Banning, First Assistant
United States District Attorney, died
last evening at his residence, 668 Castro
street, after an illness of about one
month, the cause of death being trich
inosis, due, it is thought, to eating in
fected bear meat.
Attorney Banning, with two friends,
partook of the bear meat at dinner one
month ago and the entire party was
rendered ill in consequence. Banning,
however, did not respond to treatment
and two days after eating the meat
he was forced to remain in bed. He
was attended by Dr.. James W. Ward,
but grew gradually weaker until death
ended his career.
Edward J. Banning was but 31 years
old at the time of his death. He was
born ill this city and was educated at
the public schools and at St. Ignatius
College, from which institution he grad
uated. He taught in the college for
some time and also sfudied law in the
offices of Henley & Costello. being ad
mitted to the bar some eight years ago.
The late President McKinley appoint
ed Banning Second Assistant United
States District Attorney six years ago
and two years ago he was made first
assistant under United States. District
Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth.
Banning was very popular both In
his profession and -in private life and
his untimely death will be learned of
with deep regTet by a host of friends.
The deceased is survived by his mother
and one sister, Mrs. Banning being
principal of the Everett Grammar
School and one of the veteran teachers
of San Francisco.
The funeral of Attorney Banning will
take place next Sunday from the
Church of the Holy Redeemer and the
Interment will take place at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PROMINENT ENGINEER GONE.
Captain Stevenson of Pacific Mail
Company Dies at Livermore.
. LIVERMORE. Feb. 4.— Captain John
Stevenson, who was for thirty years
chief engineer of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company, died this morning
at his residence two miles south of
here from cancer of the throat. He
was 68 years of age and up to three
months ago was the head of the me
chanical department of the big steam
.shlp company, a position of great
trust.
Captain Stevenson was a native of
Liverpool. England, and came to this
country early in life. In the early days
of the white occupation of this coast
he was seized with a desire to make his
fortune on this side of the continent
and he entered the employ of the Pa
cific Mali Steamship Company, then
the greatest carrier of freight and pas
sengers on the Pacific Ocean. He made
himself so valuable to the company that,
he was soon made chief engineer, with
headquarters in San Francisco, and
was given general supervision over all
of the vessels of the company plying
on the Pacific Ocean.
Captain Stevenson became afflicted
with caaicer of the throat, the same dis
ease that attacked President Grant,
and just before the new year he was
compelled to retire to his ranch near
this city. Death came quietly this
morning.
The deceased leaves a wife, Mrs.
Sarah Stevenson, three sons and one
daughter. The funeral will take place
Saturday in San Francisco under the
auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
of Masons, of which he was a member.
He was also a member of the Knights
of Honor and the Marine Engineers'
Association of the United States.
Passing of Professor Fellner.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. A.— The re
mains of Professor Alexander Fellner,
who died at Santa Monica and who un
til ten years ago was one of the most
famous teachers of music In the Mid
dle West, were brought to this city
to-day and after a brief service were
cremated at Rosedale Cemetery.
Professor Fellner dropped dead of
apoplexy while he was entertaining a
friend at his home in Santa Municar
He had gone to the kitchen for some
refreshments. While returning he
stumbled and fell and when assistance
reached him he w«s dead. He 's the
third of his immediate family to die
in that manner.
Born in Budapest, Hungary, Alex
ander Fellner tarly began his musical
studies and soon attracted attention to
himself by his proficiency. He became
a pupil of Marches! and pursued the
study of music, science and languages
throughout Europe. He spoke seven
languages fluently and was a deep stu
dent in Latin. Greek and Hebrew.' His
greatest bid to fame was as the com
poser of oratorios and in his presenta
tion of "Pinafore" he' made himself a
riTF. SAN FRANCISCO CALt. • FJ?IDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 1904
CYCLONIC
WIND LIFTS
THE HOUSES
Damaging Gale Strikes a Por
tion of a Nevada City and
Some of the People Run to
Their Cellars for Safety
HOTEL IS SWITCHED
FROM THE FOUNDATION
One Barn Is Turned Upside
Down and Many Fences Are
Wrecked, but the Total
Loss Is Not Very Large
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, .New, Feb. 4.— This city was
visited by a small cyclone early this
morning. It aroused the populace from
slumber and drove many in the west
end of the town to their cellars. The
damage done in this city was com
paratively small, however.
The gale spent its fury at East Reno,
the new railroad town two miles east
of here, where the loss runs well Into
the hundreds. The Stone building, a
structure 70 by 30 feet and two stories
high, was torn from its foundation and
"the walls were crushed together. The
occupants had a narrow escape, barely
getting out before the walls collapsed.
The proprietor was the last to leave
the building and was slightly injured
by the flying timbers.
The Wah Hoo Hotel was lifted from
its foundation and carried several feet
eastward. There it collapsed and is a
total loss. The U and I saloon was
moved nearly a foot from its former
position, but can be repaired with little
loss. Many structures in addition to
those named were more or less dam
aged.
At this time the loss has not been
definitely stated, but is probably in the
neighborhood of $2000. Upson's barn
in the eastern part of the city was
turned completely upside down. Joe
Williams suffered considerable loss at
his ranch west of town. A large hay
stack containing 200 tons of choice al
falfa hay was blown over and scattered
over an area of a quarter of a mile./
Fences throughout town suffered and
branches of trees were strewn about
the streets.
The wind at this point attained a ve
locity of seventy miles an hour and at
East Reno it was reported at ninety
miles an hour. A welcome rain and
snow storm followed the blizzard.
PARTNERSHIP DISPUTE
ENDS IN A SHOOTING
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 3.— A dispute
about the division of profits led to a
shooting affray this morning in Car
roll's candy store, the largest establish
ment of the kind in the city. Thomas
Carroll, Jacob Dreyfus and E. E. Sutro,
son of ex-Mayor Sutro of San Francis
co, are partners in the enterprise. Car
roll alleges that Dreyfus and Sutro
have not paid up all their stock, but
nevertheless have been In the habit of
entering the office every day and ab
stracting checks sent to the firm in the
mail.
Carroll went to the store early to-day
and assumed charge of the office. When
Dreyfus arrived he found Carroll in
possession, and reproached Miss Marie
O'Connor, the bookkeeper, for allowing
Carroll to get hold of the mail. Cat-roll
ordered Dreyfus out of the office, where
upon Dreyfus drew r a revolver and fired
at him. Carroll dashed out of the front
door and Dreyfus took a second shot at
him without effect. Dreyfus was ar
rested. • t
Garrad Must Stand Trial for Murder.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 3. — Anderson Gar
rad. who shot and killed A. J. McKin
non at Guerneville a few months ag.o
and was afterward captured at Red
Bluff, was taken to the Ukiah Asylum
by Sheriff Grace Tuesday, but the au
thorities there refused to receive him
and gave him. an official discharge.
Sheriff Grace immediately rearrested
McKinnon and brought him back to
the jail here. Garrad was an escape
from the asylum at the time the kill
ing: occurred. ''
Seeking: Pasturage in Sonoma.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 3. — The prob
abilities are that a large number of
cattle will be brought to Sonoma
County from the southern part of the
State, where the dry weather has made
feed scarce. Many inquiries have been
received during the past few days from
southern stockmen asking for accom
modations. The feed here is in fine
condition, as there has been plenty of
rain.
Beautify Your Home.
"A room hung with pictures Is a room
hung with thoughts," says Sir Joshua
Reynolds. So in making a gift 'tis well
to remember this and present to your
friends a lasting thought.. Beautiful,
new framed pictures are now being
shown by Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
name which long will live in the musi
cal world. For a number of years he
lectured on musical and scientific 3'ii-
Jects and spent several years In the
preparation of an elaborate work on
"Astronomy and Mythology," v/hich
was but recently finished. Nine years
ago he came to Los Angeles with 1:1s
wife and two years ago they moved to
Santa Monica, where they had since
resided.
EDITOR OP PUCK IS DEAD.
Adolph Schwarzmann Passes Away at
His Home In -New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4. — Adolph
Schwarzmann, one of the founders
and editor in chief of Puck, died to
day of pneumonia. He was born ffl
Germany in 1838, and came to this
country after learning the printer's
trade. With Joseph Keppler he found
ed Puck in 1876 and had since been
at the head of the publication.
School Teacher's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4. — Miss L. J.
Winchester, 66 years of age, died sud
denly this afternoon at her residence.
3994 Telegraph avenue. Miss Win
chester was a teacher ; in the public
schools. Coroner Merhmann has
charge of the case. - ,
DEMOCRAT
IS GIVEN
THE TOGA
PROMINENT DEMOCRAT OF
MARYLAND WHO , SUC
CEEDS SENATOR McCOMAS.
Legislature of: Maryland
Elects Isidore Rayner
Senator.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Feb. 4.— In the
Maryland Legislature ~ to-day Isidore
Rayner of Baltimore, who was nomi
nated last night by the Democratic
caucus, received the unanimous vote
of the Democratic majority and was
elected United States 'Senator to suc
ceed Louis E. McComas. The Re
publican minority voted unanimously
for McComas.
STANFORD STUDENTS HOLD
FIRST GENERAL ASSEMBLY
President Jordan and Dr. Harry B.
Reynolds, President of the Alumni,
Deliver Interesting Addresses.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb 3.
The first general assembly of the
semester was held in Assembly Hall
this morning. Dr. Harry B. Rey
nolds of San Francisco, president of
the Stanford Alumni Association, and
President Jordan addressed the stu
dents.
President Jordan introduced Dr.
Reynolds, who is a former Stanford
football player, as a man who was
while at "Stanford "in the frdnt ' in
scholarship and In the back part of
the field in football." \ Dr, Reynolds
spoke of the Improvements and
changes at the university since his
day, and in speaking of the Stanford
spirit, which, he stated, was the same
now as in the days of the pioneer
class, he said: "If there is any one
message from the San Francisco
Alumni it is one of sincere, absolute,
unqualified approval. I advise you to
keep in the same course you are go
ing. Continue your work after you
have begun until Stanford will be
known as much by its undergraduate
body aa by its buildings, its architec
ture."
President Jordan gave an interest
ing account of his recent trip East,
touching on his visit to St. Louis,
where he addressed the meetings of
the American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science and the Sigma
Xi scientific fraternity, and his sojourn
at Washington, D. C, where he con
ferred with President Roosevelt with
reference to seal and salmon ques
tions and other topics.
Speaking of President Roosevelt Dr.
Jordan said: "He Is *& man of the
same sort all the way through—^you
always know where he stands. The
prinicipal objections to him come from
the people who know where he
stands. (Laughter.) I was asked if
the West did not wish a 'safer' man
as a candidate for President and my
reply was 'no.' I happened to share
my section in the car- coming from
Vew York to Nebraska with. William
Jennings Bryan, and' had politics
talked to me all the way out. I. will
not tell you what I learned." (Laugh
ter.)
President Jordan also mentioned
the meeting called by John W. Foster
to discuss a treaty of arbitration to
be arranged between -England and the
United States. His Idea was that there
should be a high court of arbitration
comprised of lawyers, who should deal
with international disputes in the
same manner that civil causes are,
dealt with under any good legal sys
tem and decide the question after a
careful investigation of facts and evi
dence. •-•'•• ■ J •. '"•"•• .' "
POSTAL AUTHORITIES
MAKE IMPORTANT ARREST
Expose an Alleged Swindle in Which
United States Malls 'Were Being
Used to Defraud.
PORTLAND. . Feb. 3.— C. Guy Wake
fleld and Ross Nicholls were to-day
placed under arrest at .the instance of
the postal authorities on a charge of
using the United States -mails In an
attempt to .defraud. Wakefield and
Nicholls. it is charged, have until lately
been the moving* spirits In a concern
known as the Order of- Fraternal Home
Buyers' which, it is charged, accepts
installments of $15 monthly from per
sons desirlngto erect a home. on con
tracts which it is alleged are . cleverly
contrived so as never to mature. , There
are said to be about 1 1600 subscribers,
mostly persons, of moderate means.
Mother Joins 'Runaway Children.
REDDING. Feb. 3. — The case of
the children who: ran away from Iron
Mountain Monday morning has taken
a peculiar "turn. The runaway trie
were captured late last night at An
'derson and brought to Redding. They
told the officers that their father's in
human treatment caused them to
leave home. The mother arrived this
morning from Iron Mountain with an
other child, saying she would join the
runaways and — ' with .them to '• Chico.
Her act, she says, is the result of the
treatment given her by ; her husband
while she ■■ was worried, over the ; ab
sence: of their children. ". ; ',■■" .
BITTER ATTACK
UPON BALFOUR
Liberal Member of House of
Commons Assails the Pre
mier and Joseph Chamberlain
BOER AVAR HIS SUBJECT
Charges Gross Mismanagement
and Asks If Ministry Is
Fit to Continue in Office
LONDON, Feb. 4.— John Morley an
nounced to-day in the House* of Com
mons hia intention to introduce, on
February 8, his fiscal amendment to
the address in repl>f\to the speech from
the throne, even if Premier Balfour
were< absent. -
Several questions were put with the
object of eliciting information regard
ins the Far Eastern situation, .the
steps taken to avert war and whether
the Government, alone, or in conjunc
tion with the United States Govern
ment, had pressed Russia to evacuate
Manchuria, etc., but the questions
practically were without result.
Earl Percy, Under Secretary of the
Foreign Office, declared that, . in view
of the present state of the negotiations
between' Russia and Japan, it would
be manifestly improper to make any
observations on the situation. The
British Government, he added, had
made frequent representations in re
gard to the delay in the evacuation
of Manchuria..
Earl Percy confirmed the reports
that the Russians had removed sev
eral of the employes of Sir Robert
Hart, the Inspector' General of Cus
toms and Posts in' China, from the na
tive customs office at Newchwang and
had replaced them with Russian nomi
nees. Representations, the Earl added,
had been made on the subject to St.
Petersburg.
Robson (Liberal) moved an amend
ment to the address setting forth that
evidence presented to the war commis
sion disclosed srave mismanagement
and negligence on the part of the Gov
ernment during the South African war.
In a lengthy review of the prepara
tions for the earlier conduct of the
war, Robson severely criticized Premier
Balfour and Former Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain, and at the conclusion of
his remarks asked if Ministers capable
of such conduct were fit to conduct
the affairs of the nation.
j MacNamara (Radical) seconded the
amendment.
Wyndham, Chief Secretary for'Ire
land, in reply, defended the Govern
ment. He admitted mistakes had been
| Have You Started Your Ivory _City Portfolio? ,| •
S The Dainty and Instructive Repro- ) «
g auctions in Color of J
! Jhe St. £ouis !
I Worlds fair Portfolio Series \
9 1 - ( ' . •
0 \ Can be obtained only through- The Sunday Call. Enterprising, Aggres- 1 0
9 ( sire and Substantial 'Greater San Francisco's* Greatest Daily offers Its \ •
• ( readers n feature that can be bound in portfolios, framed and in oilier ( ~
® ) ways "preserved and handed down to future generations, commemoratlns r «
5 ) one of the creat events in the world's history and the greatest of the ) J
: \ new born twentieth century. • > . 0
s i — £ — — t ™ -J ■ :
9 - __ ,* II ..;.-.V/'...'.^ f « '" _•.... Z. ' 2
9 - ' , : 9
9 -"-J: - - • - -. ' ' -A 9
9 : ■ ' ' .'» *'■ . ' • : -'" " - . *-„*,■ •
S * * :- : ' . - .' •
e . . . •-,-..- * . • •
Q :•■■.,■.•■.■ ■■;;.• ■•■..,■■.:■•.■■.■■■:■■■:■■.:.■ . •■ . ■■■:.■■■"■■■.■•■:■. ■ ' '. ■ _ ' .'.-i.''. ' ■ ' : ' : ' '- :' :■-;■■'': 0
* ... _^ ,^^^ 2?
• | The Second of trje Series WilrBe Issued Sunday, February 7, 1904 | •
1 Cut Out This Descriptive Matter and Paste on' ] 2
2 the BacK of Picture. I j -■••
i 2 t Tlie Palace of Education occupies one of. the most prominent places • ©
9 in the* Exposition, and justly so, as this distinction Is only consistent with j O
• the theory upon which the entire organization Is based, tIz.: that educa- •
• tion is tlie source of all projrress.- •'•■••■• i 2
® . From Its inception the aim has been to select an educational exhibit \ q
2 • , ~ that would be national In its scope, to present comprehensively and f j 0
0 •" systematically the educational methods In vogue In this country and to 0
0. . assemble for comparison and scientific study contributions from all for- i O
O cign nations noted for educational progress and research. [ •
• The \ architectural construction In this Universal Exposition affects the • I ■*
2 majestic to the Great Ivory White Exhibit Palaces, historical in the f • , J*
J j foreign and State buildinss, all-world, realistic and unique In concession J
0 structures. •
0 The Palace of Education Is a rarely graceful structure of modern 0
• classic architecture,^s surrounded by a ma jesUc Corinth bin colonnade. O
g covers seven acres of ground and is in the heart of the Exposition. • O
f The briUiancy of the coloring, enlivened by a lagoon bordered by a | g
2 balustrade ornamented with statuary, Impart We and realism to the J
0 '■ ■ " ■ scene. ■ ■ •*•"*" "" " \ 9
0 I These pictures will doubtless be sold in portfolio form In the near j ! 2
2 future nt prohibitive figures. . ■ 5
2 I You can obtain the full set for absolutely nothing by subscribing for J
II THE SAN FiRANCI^CO GALL, I J
#/; ;/ ; r ;; ; ■'-'■-'•..,'■ "." .-..':■ ' ■, -. - : ..•-. . .,. ' . S
' ; ADVEBTISEMENTS. ...
/. The Importations for the Year, 1903 of \
Champagne ~ !
we * e 12L538 cases I
GREATER, by nearly 20,000 cases
than the importations of
any other brand. j
The Extra Dry of. the superb new vintage now arriving i
is conceded to be the choicest Champagne v
\ produced this decade. /7
made, but insisted these were due to
an Inadequate army system. Acting
with the machinery of those days, he
said, the Government did not stand
condemned. It must stand or fall by
the report of the commission, which
discredited some of the evidence be
cause it was conflicting.
Joseph Chamberlain, in defending
himself against Robson's attack, which
he asserted was intended to hold him
up to derision, traversed his usual
argument. He declined to accept the
individual responsibility for the South
African war or its conduct, and said
that peace was made impossible be
cause Kruger hoped for foreign assist
ance and was misled by the atitude of
the British parliamentary opposition
into believing that Great Britain was
not in earnest. Regarding attack? on
the "new diplomacy." Chamberlain
held that it should be made perfectly
clear in diplomacy what Great Britain
wanted. ■ .
Two Meals Daily for Student?.
College students have so long been
recognized as one huge amalgamated
order of Oliver Twists that the action
of the University of Missouri 3tudents
in demanding less to eat is worthy of
notice. The students say that by ex
periment it has been learned they are
"in better health and spirits and better
prepared for hard mental work" when
eating only two meals a day. The col
lege authorities are therefore requested
to cut out one. meal.- The news should
be carried to New Haven, where the
Yale students not only want three rec
tangular meals a day. but have re
cently set up a vulgar howl for "more
pie!" Instead of pie the Yale steward
should try Scotch scones on the boys.
So eminent an authority on dietetics aa
Simeon Ford of this citj- attributes the
hardiness of the Scotch race to an early
and persistent diet of scones. "Only the
strong survive," says Mr. Ford; "the
weak choke to death in infancy."— New-
York Commercial Advertiser.
Austrian tiuinbHiur Scandal.
Another gambling scandal is causing
considerable sensation in Budapest so
ciety. In two days' play the son of a
w ealthy landowner In Southern Hun
gary recently lost 300.000 kronen ($62,
500) to a member of the Hungarian
Diet, $27,500 being lost the first day
and $25,000 on the second. The losers
family, indignant, refused to pay the
amount and sent the young man to a
sanitarium. The Deputy then threat
ened to report the affair to a military
court of honor, hjs debtor being a lieu
tenant in the reserves. The family
thereupon offered to pay, provided a
court of arbitration decided against
them. Such a tribunal was duly formed,
but on a medical witness testifying that
the landowner's son was Irresponsible
for his actions at the time of playing
the members of the court nominated by
bis family withdrew and the proceed
ings' thus fell through.— New York
Commercial Advertiser.
Nothing Else There.
The smart frontier town was mak
ing an effort to secure a political con
vention.
The editor of the local paper called
on one of the solid citizens and laid a
subscription paper before him.
"How much do you feel like giving
toward defraying the expenses of hold
ing the convention here?" he asked.
"I don't feel like giving anything."
replied the solid citizen.
"Why not?" / * „
"What good will it do the town? It
will only beneflt the saloons and the
gambling houses."
"Well, great Scott'." rejoined the
editor. "What else have we got
here?*'" — Chicago Tribune.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Voice Control.
BY VERNON U'ABXALLE
DiJlir.CJished Barytone and Lrftturer on Muiic
at tfce l*nlvert»ity of Chicago.)
<Cbpyrtsfct. 15X4. by Jowph B. Bowles.)
(NOTE— This i* the first of i.evtr»l article* by
Mr. d'Arr.alie en the art of singing.)
In the study of the voice one of the
principal ideas to be considered is the
fact that it is a musical instrument.
Therefore or.e should use the same
practical common sense in its develop
ment that one would apply to the me
chanical building of any other Instru
ment. It is difficult to differentiate
the purely physical from the psychical
in voice production, and yet the intel
licent singer must be able to accom-
The vocalist depends upon two great
guiding principles, nar nely. sensation
and hearing. And in the development
of the voice it must become h'.s re
ligion t{^do nothing that violates the
sense of beautiful tone or the feeling
of natunjlnffs in the use of that organ.
Roughly speaking, thr voice may be
divided into three compartments — a trio
of graces: Breath, the control of the
throat and the use of th? resonance
cavities. The greatest of these three
is breath. In fact, a majority of the
faults in voice production may be at
tributed directly to poor breath contra!
And here the same practical principles
guide us which we would use In the
building of a satisfactory bellows for
a wind instrument.
First, for a good bellows, we demand
the power cf taking in a large amount
of air in the shortest possible time;
then the power to hold that air, without
allowing it to escape, and third, the
power to economize as much as pos-
Fib'.e in giving it out. These three
principles G»ve call, first, inspiration;
second, poise; third, expiration.
As to the mechanical act of breathing
much has been written, und discussed.
Proper breathing means natural
breathing, and is as much a means of
health as it is the cardinal principle of
voice production. A prominent phy
cician recently said to me that if he
did not pity my musical ears so much
he would send me at least 150 patients
whose physical condition required prop
er breathing more than medicine.
Now, as to the faults commonly en
countered in the use of breath. First of
all, we are faivAliar with those singers
who when talcing: a breath elevate their
shoulders and chest with great physical
effort and who as a result are always
short of breath. This use of the upper
chest and ' the, shoulders, commonly
known as "clavicular breathing," is
most detrimental to the voice and is
productive of serious faults otherwise.
Then comes the "breathy" tone, where
the air seems to escape over the vocal
chords. And. third, the worst of all the
vocal faults, the deadly tremolo. The
causes for these defects are many, but
the most usual cause is an overloading
of the lungs with breath in the act of
inspiration. In the case of the tremrlo
besides being the result of bad breath
control and a weak diaphragm it may
sometimes be produced by relaxed
muscles in the throat itself.
But now. as to correct breathing. Na
ture has constructed the upper chest
otX of firm bones and cartilagss, which
are more or le,ss unyielding. Below the
chest proper the ribs branch out, thr
breast bone stops and the abdomen,
composed of muscles which are capable
of ♦enslon as,d relaxation, begtrs. Be-
Fldes this the lower lobes cf th° lungs
are more spongelike and capable of ex
pansion and contraction! It is the sing
er's first aim to acquire control of thes?
muscles in deep breathing. This is njt
difficult to do. and the rewards, both
vocally and physically, are very great.
In singing tile singer should elevate
his chest and strive to keep it elevated
always. A good practice is to put both
hand? behind the head and take in
rtowly a full breath without overload
ing the lungs. In contrast to this an
other useful practice is to gasp a breath
and hold it awhile. Again, to take a
long, slow breath through the nostrils,
hold it awhile and expel the air sud
denly. In the act of Inspiration the
greatest care should be taken not to
overload the lungs and not to raise
the shoulder*. The body while taking
the air should be relaxed, and especial
rare should l*». taken that the muscles
around the neck and chest are not con
tracted.
Ancrther much neglected point In*
breath control is holding the breath.
By practicing how to maintain the
lungs full of air their elasticity and
strength are much helped. It is useful
for a singer to practice holding his
breath continually. But the great art
of the singer lies principally in know
ing how to give out breath properly.
Taking it for granted that he has taken
Jn the air properly and filled the lower
lobes of his lungs, then comes the
proper emission of breath. The mus
cles of the dlaphfbgm and the ribs
should be so controlled as to quietly
and steadily supply a stream of breath
to the vocal chords. Having reached
the vocal chords, breath turns into tone
and must be properly guided to the va
rious resonance cavities,' such 'as' the
roof of the mouth and the nasal cav"
ity. besides many other auxiliary cham
bers-
• • •
.By overcharging the lungs it will be
rapily seen how one loses control of
the muscles and blows out too^much
air for the vocal chords. This will pro
duce frequently cinging off the key*
or a tremolo. An excellent practice for
the control of breath emission if to
take a full breath, hold it a while and
then blow through the teeth quietly
and steadily, producing a sound like
the emission of steam. Another prac
tice is to take a breath and count in
whispers quietly and staccato as many
numbers as possible. Still another good
practice is to take the breath and hum
very quietly, watching the steadiness
of tone and the sensation of having the
hum upon the lips.
Besides this, there are many useful
exercises for the singer, such as hold
ing the chest firm and panting quickly,
taking care that the muscles of the
diaphragm do the work. There is also
a most important practice for the sing
er in getting control of the muscles
of the diaphragm. First take in a
breath and give it out in short puffs.
At each puff let him put his hand just
below the chest and press outward with
thtise musch?s. This has been called a
"lung sweeper." and has a great influ
ence in producing a proper vocal at
tack. '
• • •
The physical side c/f breathing is the
great limitation to the singer's art.- It
behooves, therefore, every conscientious
singer to study how best to gain con
trol of breath and to develop its pos
sibilities to the highest perfection. It
is the fc-undation of all good vocal pro
duction, and may either make or mar
frequently his artistic interpretation.
Just as one might build a magnificent
organ witl^an inferior bellows, so the
most splendid vocal mechanism is
valueless and may In time be destroyed
by the failure to breathe properly.
Besides quality of tone the equaliza
tion of vocal registers and the exten
sion of range depend upon a steady
breath supply. Above the purely me
chanical side of voice production, it is
essential for the proper delivery of
musical phrr^cs to have at one's com
mand enough breath to successfully
accomplish the composer's intention.
One is frequently impressed with the
fact that singers, above all classes of
musicians, cut up and mar the beauty
of musical phrases in their failure to
secure a proper breath supply.
Another point in the art of breath
ing properly is to breathe noiselessly
,,ind reposefully. Nothing is more dis
turbing for the" public than to feel the
effort of the vocalist to secure a breath
supply. Such exhibitions show im
proper training on the part of the
singer and will ,;n time impair the
voice. A great blessing to the singer,
preacher or man in public life is the
fact that a full, deep breath does much
toward establishing a mental poise and
giving them a sense of repose before
the public. The healthful effects of
good breathing recommend themselves
.to us when we look over the list of
great singers. The artists of the opera
who visit us yearly are almost as
Splendid physical specimens as one
, woulc care to see.
Tho student of voice will find out
door exercise most valuable, especially
long walks, and he should cultivate
holding his chest high, breathing slow
lythrbugh his nostrils and occasional
ly walking a few paces in one breath.
He will find himself invigorated all
day by a short walk of this kind.
Games and outdoor exercises are all
valuable., provided they are not over
done, and provided further they do
not cause him to use his voice in calls
and cries.- - ■*-*■
Indoor exercises are most valuable,
especially in cold and disagreeable
weather. The best attitude for the
body i* breathing is to lie flat on one's
back with the hands under one's head.
The chest, through this means, is ele
vated and the muscles or the abdomen
are brought into play. Another pop*
for the body during breathing is to
put a stick on the shoulder and hold
it with both hands, thus throwing the
chest out. Still another good practice
is to stand with the back and the heu-J
against the wall and go through the
exercises above mentioned. Besides
the actual act of breathing, there ar«s
some good exercises for strengthenin<
the muscles of .the diaphragm. In
general, there is very little danger of
breathing too much, and the student
or voire will find in case of cold or
hoarseness that he will still occupy
himself with his breathing exercises,
which in many cases will be of benefit
to the cold itself. In singing his
songs the student should cultivate the
art of reposefully giving out his
phrases and should try to make his
hearers feei the same sense of an un
limited breath supply.
Precedence in. England.
I knew a young American girl who,
going to England under the care of an
Embassador's family and attending her
first large dinner party and looking
about her, selected as the guest in the
room who most interested her one man
of di«tlngul8hed aspect, whom she re
solved to /watch. When the guests
were ushered into the dining hall ac
cording to the laws of precedence, she
found ( herself at the very end of the
brilliant procession as one of two un
titled plebeians in the room, assigned
to the escort of the very man Mho had
Interested her -and who. turned out to
be Samuel Rogers, the poet and patron
of art and thej-ecognlzed head of lit
erary society in England. She always
said that she secured two things at
that entertainment, namely, the most
delightful companion that she had ever
had at a dinner party and, moreover,
a lesson in the outcome of mere hered
itary rank that would last a lifetime.
Rogers* poems are not now read so
much as formerly, but at that time the
highest literary honor a man could
have was to dine with Rogers. He was
also one of the richest bankers in Lon
don and was very possibly the only per
son In the room who had won for. him
self a reputation outside of his own
little island; but he was next to no
body in that company and the little
American girl was the nobody.—Thom
as W. HIgginson in Atlantic Monthly.
■ Ernie — No,. she isn't going^to marry
Claude, after allS
Ida— But they say he can quote Emer
son and Browning. •
"Yes; but the other young man 'can
quote Sugar and SteeL"— Chicago Daily.
News. . ..
fHE SAN FRANCISCO* GALL', FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor ......... .Address All Communications b JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^HliHl* > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ............. .' :.... v FEBRUARY 5. 1904
THE CONSCIENCE.
THE political situation, at its Democratic end, has
changed materially in the last few days. Mr. Bryan's
declarations in his Lincoln speech and since
have made it evident that he will control, and that the
list two j-Jatforms of the party will be affirmed. He
graciously concedes the right of the coming convention
to make additions, but they must be merely lean-tos,
built against the weatherworn wrecks of 1896 and 1900.
This command of Bryan has been hailed by a roar of
rage from the reorganizes, in which the practiced ear
hears the admission that Bryan has the power to carry
out his plans, and effect his purposes.
He knocked Judg'e Parker out at one blow, and now
with confidence lays down the future law that no man
shall be nominated who t d\d not support the ticket in
both of the last campaigns. That disposes of Olney,
Judge Gray, Cleveland, Governor Francis, Gorman, Mar-,
shall Field, and every one that has been mentioned ex
cept General Miles, William Randolph Hearst and
Brvan himself.
The Iroquois of Chicago — not the theater that was
burned, but the Democratic club that is still burning— has
dropped Field and taken up General Miles. He has cer
tain elements of eligibility. In 1894, while he was gen
eral of the army, he rebuked President Cleveland for
calling out the troops in the railroad strike. But this
makes him a direct rival of Hearst for union labor sup
port, and Hearst's backers in the South* are already in
the field, reminding the ex-Confederates that Miles put
Jefferson Davis .in irons in Fortress Moqroe, where he
was a prisoner. That affair, with its painful incidents of
the aged prisoner's forlorn fight with his jailers to re
sist the indignity, disposes of Miles, and only Hearst
and Bryan are left in the eligible list.
The only remaining question is, What will they do with
and to each other? Will Mr. Bryan vaccinate Hearst
with his brand of conscience and moral sense, which he
is now advertising as a national antitoxin, warranted
to cure all the evils which are flecking the skin of the
body politic, and present him as the incarnated con
science and moral sense of the United States, warranted
to wash, not to crock, rip or fray and to stand in all
weathers, as an example, domestic and public, of what
the nation ought to be?
There is no doubt that Mr Bryan is expected to do
this, and the party has its eye fixed on the mount of
transfiguration, expecting to soon see the white robes of
Mr. Hearst fluttering on its summit, to be introduced
by Bryan as the national conscience. Those who know
Mr. Hearst well are ready to affirm, from information
gained in his own newspapers, that he is already sub
limated and fit, even without receiving the chrism at the
hands of Bryan. But these admit that a little painting of
the lily will not hurt it. and that the fine gold of Mr.
Hearst's character may be gilded and still not be mis
taken for brass.
The party should be thankful. Its course is marked
out for it, and it needs only to walk humbly therein.
Wherever there is any disposition to side-step Mr.
Hearst will start a newspaper, as an organ of the gospel
according to Bryan, and the platforms of 1896 and 1900
will need only the addition of Hearst himself to make
them political structures superior to Magna Charta and
the Declaration of Independence.
As far as known this is the single new idea that Mr.
Bryan found abroad. It probably came to him while he
was hobnobbing with the immoral monarchs of the Old
World. There must have dawned upon him the vision of
his country's need of a man whose detergent character
would serve as sapolio to scour clean the national
morals, and he said to himself, "Hearst is the sand soap
which in my hands will scrub my country clean."
So we have this combination that is going to clean up
the Temple of Liberty and make it^an abiding place for
virtue.
General Wood, in explanation of an apparent indif
ference, says there are some islands in the Borneo group
that we do not want. Let his opinion thrive to a con
viction. It is a safe wager that we can find a few more
islands in the South Seas that we don't want,, although
they now owe nominal sovereignty to the United States.
And it won't require the services of an exploration
party to discover the fact.
WOLSELEY ON CHINA.
LORD WOLSELEY has ceased to be a notable fig
ure in the world, and China is not supposed to
count for much more than the, spoil of battle in
the approaching conflict between Russia and Japan;
nevertheless the former eminence of Wolseley and the
undoubted possibilities latent in the Chinese race and
empire are sufficient to give interest to the opinions of
the one concerning the probable military development of
the other. The British general passed some time in the
Far East studying the races there,' and came away with a
high degree of admiration for the Chinese and a great
respect, for the part' they may yet be called upon to play
in the politics of the world in the immediate future.
The London Mail has recently published -some ex
tracts from the writings of Lord Wolseley on the sub
ject of China, and prefaced them with/ a note from him,
saying:
"I feel quite confident — knowing from my own experi
ence what, a brave and clever fellow the Chinaman is—
that were I acorded the necessary, power and given an
absolutely free hand in the Chinese Government, • I
could, in the space of two or three years, provide the
Chinese Empire with an army that would be second to
none in *he world." a
This declaration recalls to mind that in his autobi
ography Lord Wolseley, in commenting upon the possi
bilities of the Chinese, says: -
"There is no nation numerically as great as China
whose customs and modes of life arc so generally com
mon to all parts of their vast empire. *To me they are
the most remarkable race on earth, and I have always
thought and still believe them to be the great coming
rulers of the world. They only want, a Chinese Peter
the Great or Napoleon to make them so. They have
every quality required for the good soldier and the good
sailor, and in my idle speculation upon this world's fu
ture I have long selected them as the combatants on one
side at the great battle of Armageddon, the people ' of
the United States of America being, their opponents."
. That estimate may be nothing more than the specula
tion of an old soldier dreaming on wars' to come, but it
is of at least a passing interest at this time when the na
tions appear, to have, reached the, conclusion that China
is an exhausted empire, fit only to be.the prey of such
strong nations as ; choose to seize upon any part of it.
The speculation" that we' may be called upon to fisrht
the, battle for civilization against an armed and aggres
sive China' is curious, but not devoid of reason. Should
Russia rule China the military control needed to arm,
drill and set her millions marching would be furnished
from St. Petersburg. Perhaps, too, in the not distant
future the successor of Caesar and Napoleon might arise
to use that immense power for the conquest of the
world. It is at any rate an issue quite within the range
of probability, should the Russian establish himself
firmly in Manchuria, and for that reason this specula
tion of Wolseley is not without its valt\e and pertinence
to the news of the day.
Observers of the complicated affairs of Russia and
Japan, shedding a little of their radiant wisdom upon
the situation, gravely announce the expectation that
events will soon move rapidly in the Orient. Most
of us have been laboring under the impression that'
events have already moved so rapidly that it has been
only by the exercise of the most critical diplomacy . by
one or both of the contestants that the crash of war has
been postponed.
IN OUR NAME.
WHILF. the political opposition to protection is
prying out against our "robber tariff," and ask
ing the country to give it a chance to "revise"
protection out of our national policy, other countries are
looking upon our condition with envy and demanding
for themselves the advantages which good policy has
given to us.
Notably is this the case with our nearest neighbor,
Canada, like unto us in institutions and in the genius of
her people. Her resources of soil, stream and forest are
like ours. Over most of her area nature duplicates the
climate of many of our prosperous States, and she pre
sents the same field upon which to exhibit the results
of industrial encouragement.' Under these circumstances
the Canadians desire to develop their country, as we
have ours, and they turn to our example and look upon
our methods, and flatter our industrial policy by de
manding that the Dominion adopt it.
The leading Canadian press keeps standing on the
editorial pages, well head-lined, an address "To the
Government of Canada," asking that it "Give the manu
facturers, workingmen and farmers of Canada the same
kind of tariff as that which has made the United States
the home of the most prosperous manufacturers, work
ingmen and farmers in the world."
It continues: "To the manufacturers of Canada —
Force the Government to give you as good a tariff as
that which has made the American manufacturers rich,
and then pay your Canadian workmen American wages."
"To the workingmen of Canada — Take a leaf out of the
book of American workingmen. Help your employers
to obtain for themselves and for you a Canada-for
Canadians tariff." "To the farmers of Canada— Profit by
the experience of the American farmers, the wealthiest
farmers in the world, who support a high tariff and
prosper under it and because of it,"
That is very direct. The classes in Canada to whom it
appeals arc as intelligent as are the people on this side
of the line. They know keenly their domestic condi
tions, as keenly observe ours. They have the same ma
terial resources, a form of government that is as liberal
as ours, industry and genius equal to ours, and yet we ex
ceed them in the volume and general distribution of
prosperity and our rate of progress. They have studied
us and know why this is. They pay no attention to the
free trade doctrinaires who want to revise the vital prin
ciple out of our tariff system. They have the means for
comparison of results. They see themselves lag behind
in manufactures, in wages, in rural development, while
we go forward irresistibly. Therefore this concerted
address demanding tha^: our destiny be duplicated in
theirs, by duplicating the means. All over the Do
minion 'the cry is, "The present affords the opportunity
of a nation's lifetime."
Suppose that some of our free trade doctrinaires go
over and tell them how wrong they are, and see what
sort of hearing will be granted! The Canadians are right
in believing that, given like conditions, like causes pro
duce like effects. They have the like conditions and de
sire that like causes shall touch them into the vigor of
life that they see on 'this side the line. Their movement
is a loud call to the people of the United States, and a
reminder of the final cause of what they have accom
plished.
In testimony recently submitted in a local case an
effort was made to prove that a man was weak-minded
because he clung to a belief that he had a chance of some
day marrying a young and beautiful heiress. This is one
of those affairs where the hopes, if not the rights, of an
individual become the concern of the community.- >; In
this ambitious age of ours many men must be weak
minded.
Russia, it is said, has been playing fast and loose with
the opinions of the world and having taken . her own
good time is now prepared/and ready to fight. There
seems to be much. of the fox in the constitution of this
strange bear of the East. Among all the monarchs, of
the Old World the Czar of Russia more than any other
seems. to. pin his hopes and perhaps his honor to the
morrow. . •/: •■;•
The final word appears to have been spoken in refer
ence to the Alaskan boundary dispute, over which our
Canadian friends displayed such unseemly petulance!
Lord Lansdovvne says that the islands we gained in
Portland Canal are strategically, worthless. He therefore
is pleased, we will give every assurance that we are,
and the Canadians will have to be.
Gudgeons that waste' hard-won . money striving for a
capital prize in lotteries have still one more great chance
against them... A fellow was convicted the other day for
cheating a man out of the first prize, most strangely won.
The lottery promoters appear to be 'the. most aggrieved
for having permitted the winning ticket to be sold.
"A young rascal, graduate of Whittier, returned to the
institution the other- day with the avowed, desperate
purpose of murdering "an attorney formerly principal of
the school." This incorrigible should be hastened to the
last stage of his education in crime by being imprisoned
in one 6f our penitentiaries. _
A Keswick thief stole a watch worth two dollars and
fifty cents the other, day, was caught/pleaded guilty
and received a sentence of four years' imprisonment. He
ts now iir % a : position certainly to regret that curiosity
ever led him} to wish to have the time with him. - He
has more" time than: he needs.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The Persian Cat.
To the truth of this story there stands
ready to attest one Robert Wells of
2546 Hyde street. It is only upon strong
urging that he has consented to allow
the following remarkable circumstance
to appear upon -the authority of his
sworn word.
Near the western crest of Russian
Hill there stands an ancient mansion,
relic of the early sixties. Until the last
few months it was occupied by a cer
tain Mr. Blank, a wealthy Australian
who had come to San Francisco with
his young wife five years ago, and with
her, Robert Wells, his servant and a
Chinese cook he had lived in this old
mansion on Russian Hill In great se
clusion. According to the statement of
Wells, the Australian seemed to be
passionately fond of his wife, a beau
tiful young woman who spoke a for
eign tongue. From her appearance, the
strange ornaments or gold and jade
which she wore and the peculiar stamp
whichwas borne by the letters she re
ceived', Wells conceived her to be an
Indian woman of high caste.
One of the members of this peculiar
household, and the one which came to
play a weirdly terrible part in Its his
tory, was a great Persian cat. the in
separable companion of the woman. So
fond of it was she that she was rarely
without it either sleeping or awake.
A full length oil painting of the mis
tress of the household which had been
brought frcm across the seas incor
porated the great Persian cat in its
rich canvas.
On the 3d of last November— Wells
remembers the date well — a remark
able thing happened in that old man
sion on the hill. It was foggy and the
bell upon Alcatraz— that j weird gong
like bell— was tolling off the spaces of
the night. It was about 11 o'clock.
The lady had retired with her precious
Persian and "Wells had jost entered
the library to carry to his master, sit
ting there, his bedtime toddy, when
there came from the dark hall upstairs
the queer, clicking cough of a cat. It
was repeated again and again in an
incessant" monotone, and then sudden
ly there came a scream, fearful, rasp
ing like the grate of a broken bone.
Wells and his master leaped up the
darkened stairs and into the dimly
lighted bedroom. There, half seated,
half reclining upon a divan, was the
mistress, clad in her night clothes. Her
head, with its great pile of raven black
hair, was bent back upon her shoul
der. Upon the whiteness of her bosom.
Just over the heart, there were the
tiny marks of three t|eth, each with
Its trembling Jet of blood. The woman
was dead.
Crazed into the frenzy of a wild man,
the master seized a pair of iron tongs
from the grate and began to search
the room for the Persian, muttering
meanwhile some words which Wells
took to be Indian. The cat had disap
peared absolutely.
As the master approached that dark
ened portion of the room where hung
the oil portrait of his dead wife, he
suddenly stumbled back with a shriek
of fear and waved frantically to Wells.
The sen-ant approached and the sight
which he saw is what he is willing to
swear to. '
The eves of that Persian in the oil
portrait were lit up by a lambent flame
of green and smoked as if with phos
phorus.
Metcalf Hoaxed.
In the old days, when a lot of law
yers, newspaper men and other good
fellows used to assemble dally for lunch
eon around a huze table in* the back
yard at Barnum's restaurant, Oakland,
there was a. constant effort to "stick"
some member of the party for liquid
refreshments. It was the law of the
table that he who "bit" at a "sell"
must buy. Hon. Victor. H. Metcalf. on
reaching the table a little late one day,
found a number of his companions
humming the air, but not the words,
of a popular tune. This occurred be
fore Mr. Metcalf had been chosen to
represent the Third District in Con
gress and he did not regard It beneath
his dignity to raise his voice (a very
good one, by the way) in merry song,
so yielding to the natural impulse to
join the wordless chorus he caroled
forth in hi3 manly barytone, "O, give
us a drink, bartender!" and then the
crowd howled to the expectant waiter:
"George, Mr. Metcalf wants you to
take the orders!"
Our Panama Bargain.
What has Uncle Sam actually bought
or contracted to buy at Panama? Let
ui take account of the stock. - These
are the items'
Thirty thousand acres of ground at
terminals and along the route.
. Two thousand four hundred and thir
ty-one buildings, including offices,
quarters, storehouses, shops, hospitals
and terminal sheds.
An immense collection of dredges
tugs, barges, excavators, cars, loco
motives and other machinery and ap
pliances, not considered of much pres
ent value.
Work done by the old and the new
French companies, with an estimated
removal of about 36,000,000 cubic yards
of material at a cost of a little more
than J88.600.000.
Maps and drawings, and the records
gathered by the French engineers val
ued at J2.000.000.
The Panama Railway, including
three steamships.
For these several items the second;
or. new, French company is to receive
$40,000,000. Twenty-four millions of
this amount, less obligations, will be
turned over to the old company,
which had spent at the time of Its col
lapse nearly $250,000,000. largely in pro
motion.
The Republic of Panama is to re
ceive immediately -410,000.000, and an
nually after nine years the sum of
$250,000. The United States receives
fron- Panama the grant of a strip of
land five miles wide .upon each side of
(the canal; We- are also to become
sponsors for the continuance of good
order throughout the new republic.
The total excavation yet to be done
is estimated at' about 95,000,000 cubic
yards, not including the work at the
Bohio dam and the Gigante Spillway.
The completion of the canal to a depth
of thirty-six feet from ocean to ocean?
«. distance of forty-nine miles, is ex-
pected to cost about $143,000,000. Ves
sels will navigate this channel at a
rate, Including lockage, of four 'miles
per hour. All sailing craft will be
towel not only through the. canal, but
upon the Pacific side for a long dis
tance out to sea.
The aggregated probable tonnage is
placed at about 10,000,000 tons. Of this
business 20 per cent will consist of coal.
To what extent the canal will prove
profitable above the cost of administra
tion, cannot now be stated. The Sues
Canal, under British control, repays its
cost every five years.— Booklovers*
Magazine.
My Dearie.
My dearie is a little one. with arm*
around me twining— r
With eyes like woodland violets, and
tresses brightly »hining;
And what care I for golden store: it
Fortune has not found me.
Am I not rich with such a rare, sweet
necklace clasped- around me.
— Atlanta Constitution.
Taft's Plain Duty' .
. A. Maurice Low. writing in the Jan
uary 20 issue of Harper's Weekly, re
calls some interesting reminiscences of
William H. Taft. the new Secretary of
War. Mr. Low tells of the way in
which Judge Taft came to be Governor
of the Philippines, as being a typical
instance of his lofty conception of duty:
"Judge Taft was asked to come to>
Washington. In Washington a con
vers_t!on somewhat like this took place
between Secretary Root and Judge
Taft: 'You are at present on the Cir
cuit bench, where you have a life posi
tion at a fair salary, a dignified and
honorable place, with a pension for
life after you reach the retlrUisr age.
You can count with a reasonable de
gree of hope on being appointed to the
bench of the Supreme Court of the
United States, the ambition of every
lawyer. We want you to go to the
! Philippines. The work is difficult, la
borious, perplexing; there is little that
can be offered you in the way of re
ward, there is much that will be un
pleasant—which will you take, the easy
place or the hard one?* " As all the
world knows, he took the bard one.
'Anszvers to Queries.
CALIFORNIA AS IT IS— G. T., Glen*
wood, Ind. No edition of "California
As It Is" has 'been published by The
Call since 1SS8.
RIFLE— T. F. H., City. The official
arm of the Russian and Japanese army
Is not the same. The former has adopt
ed the Mauser and the latter the Mou
zln.
NAVAL MILITIA— A. S., City. Ac
cording to the latest reports filed in
the United States Navy Department,
the aggregate strength of the United
States Naval Militia is 425 officers and
4679 petty officers and men.
TREATIES— D. H., City. As a rule
all diplomatic business relative to
treaties between nations Is carried on
in the French language. To ascertain
in what language the treaty negotia
tions of peace between the United
States and Spain was carried on write
to the Department of State at Wash
ington, D. C.
OBERAMMERGAU— A Subscriber,
City. The late Josef Mayer, w,hose
death was recently announced, was
the original of the character of
Christ in the passion play at
Oberammergau, and he appeared
In that character at a number of per
formances. It may be that on the pre
sentation of the passion play In 1900
Mayer was unable to appear and that
his place was taken by Anton I^ansr.
This department has no Information
to the effect that there were two im
personators of Christ during the year
named.
BEATING THE RACES— D. J. M..
City. There are some men who have
a system by which they claim they can
beat the races, but It Is a remarkable
fact that these men, who ought tn be
able to make all the money they want,
are all poor. The system by which the
races can be beaten has not yet been
VICTORY AND DEFEAT— R. E. C.
Sebastopol. Cal. Robert Fltzsimmor.s.
when he was an amateur, defeated four
men in his first appearance in the rin?:
In. New Zealand in 1S80. winning the
amateur championship of that country.
The following year he defeated five
men. Including Herbert Slade. Pint-o
then he has defeated Jem Crawford,
Bill Slavin. "Starlight." Arthur Cop
per. Jack Murphy. "Crinksmead." Jack
Greentrce. Dick Sandall, Jack Conway.
Professor West. Pablo Frank. I. Rldell.
"Eager" Dick Ellis. Billy McGrath.
Arthur Upham. Black Pearl. Jack
Dem'psey, Abe Congle. Peter Maher
(first time). James Farrell. Joe Godfrey
Jerry Slattery. Millard Zender Jack
Hickey. Jim Hall. Phil Mayo, J. War
ner. Frank Keller. Dan Creedon. Al
Allish. Peter Maher (serond time).
James J. Corhett. Jeff Thorne Jim
Daly. Gus Ruhlin. Tom Sharkey. Con
Coughlin and George Gardener. He lo.n
matches with Jim Hall, on a foul with
Sharkey. Jim Jeffries in 1837 and 1002.
Had a draw with Choynskl. no decision
\rfth Peter Maher (1S96) and no decision
with Joe Grim.
Townsend'. California Rtace fruits find
C ?il h*k a * p ? und - In artistic Hre
& %frf wiXt \ nlcc Prese.ni for Eastern
friends. 715 Market »t.. above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied daMy to
business houses and public men by tb»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s) CO Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •COURT HOLDS
LEON SOEDER
Aliened Murderer of Joseph
Blaise Must Undergo Trial
. in the Superior Tribunal
BAIL IS DENIED HIM
Last Dav of Preliminary Hear-
ing Is Taken Up by Defense
With Irrelevant Testimony
The preliminary hearing of the Soeder
r-.urder ca.se in th» Police Court was
completed yesterday, and Soeder was
remanded into the custody cf the Sher-
Lfl without bail to be held for trial be
fore the Sur^ricr Court en the charge
of murdering his brother-in-law. Jo
seph Blaise, on the nigh: of January 10.
in order that he might be benefited pe
coxrfarfly br his demi?e.
Attorney Salomon for the defendant
placed some unixr.pcrtant witnesses on
the stand yesterday.
The police are still working on the
case, for they realize that although the
accused man has been bound over for
trial in the Superior Court they will
have difficulty ia convicting him before
a jury with the evidence now at hand,
mcch of which Is irrelevant.
Blaise's wife and relatives ia Ger
r'lTffy have been cabled to, and the de
i»ctlves on the case expect to gain
pcrne Important evidence from that
quarter. The case has be*n long-drawn
cm, many unimportant witnesses hav
ing beea called.
TWO DOCTORS BLAMED
FOR EVA MARTIN'S DEATH
Jury Censures Dr. Bonghton for Neg
lect and Sirs. Dr. AUen for
Criminal Operation.
A vote of censure was passed yes
terday by a. Coroner's jury in the case
of Eva Martin, a servant girl, who
died recently from the effects of a
criminal operation. A lady friend of
the deceased testified that she visited
Mis* Martin when she was sick and
that the patient told her she was be
ing treated by Mrs. Dr. Allen of 111S
Market street. This was in a room
at 15*2 Turk street. Dr. Boughton of
1426 Market street was subsequently
called in and in consultation with Dr.
Rig-don they decided to send the pa
tient to the City and County Hospital.
Th-? following is the verdict:
"We. the undersigned jury do find
that the said Eva Martin came to her
death in the City and County Hospital,
San Francisco, on January 2 4, 190 4,
through a criminal oo<?ratlon per
formed by a woman known as Mrs.
J)r. Allen, and we also find that her
death was hastened by the gross neg
lect of the attending physician. Dr.
Bcughton
i:H\L ESTATE DEALER
PLACED I'XDEIt ARREST
Oscar Lewis b Accnsed by W. II.
;..--■;: of the Crime of Felony
Embezzlement.
• •?■ ar Lewis, who conducted a real
estat* business at IS Montgomery
street under the name of "The Com
mercial Exchange," \ras arrested yes
terday by Detective Braig- on a -war
rant from. Police Judge Mogan's
court cha.rgir.gr him with felony em
bezzlement.
The complaining witness is TV. H.
IJassett. who alleges that on Decem
ber IS he secured employment from
Lewis to solicit orders for real estate
at a salary of $12 per week, but Lewis
tr.aie him deposit S100 as a guarantee
nf good faith. Bassett was discharged
after four weeks, and when he de
manded the return of the J100 Lewis
refused to refund.'
g The police eay that other com
plaints against Lewis were received
from youns men who had made de
posits in *the same way and had not
been ?Jble to pet them back. One of the
young men ii B. R. Robertson, who
eays he is out $20.
Say* Ac^nt Deceived Him.
Ferdinand Franz, owner of 2SS0
shares of stock in the Xon-Reflllable
Bottle Company, filed a suit yester
day to annul an agreement he made
?>ith Max Axelrood to employ him to
sr!l the stock. He claim* that Axel
rood deceived him by representing
that h» had a purchaser for the stock
who would buy it only on the condi
tion that his name was kept a secret.
Franz claims he turned the stock over
to Axelrood on payment of $50 and
then he learned that the mysterious
purchaser was Ax^lrood himself.
Sues Begclil for Sapiwrt.
A *"it for maintenance v.as filed yes
terday by Eliza. Beguhl against David
Bcgnhl. her husband, rfhe charges that
though he earns $90 a month he has
not provided for her since October 28,
1903. At that time, she says, he told
her he was^tircd of her. ordered her
oat of his house in Vallejo. sold the
furniture and left her to provide for
herself as beirt she could. They had
1>een married just eighteen days when
this occurred.
r^so Robles for Rrcrcation.
Tts«! air 1« lrrrtsoratis*; and the s-ornhin*
h!>-a-.vin£. Cfcrative nrud cr net water bathi
wfcra you want them. A fint-«lsss ticket lx»
tw*>«n £aa l"rar^i*co and I>o« Anj?el<r». pitner
<Ure<-tion tr.ciadtaff two days' entertainment
?.t Pa«o'R<J!4*« Hot Spri=S» Hotel, enly 521;
i Sttdrwa. ?12 M. Privitec* «f -10 days' «:op
- .: re« wi*h- fccuthcra Pacific agents f<>r
•ti-clar*. •
SJ;rrwood Files Answer.
." a ajrnrer to the contest of FnM*r
k!c Belief the will of Mary E. ("Marn
•r.ic"» Pleasant was filed j-esterday by
L«. M. Sherwood, the proponent of the
la^t will and testam?nt of the ne^raji.
The :ir..r»ver is a specific denial of the
-_-h-ir;re5 of undue frUaence and of «he
t h.ir-^c that the will offered for pro
tore ty Sherwood is not the last 'drill
or IT r* i leasant.
Trunks by Uie Carload-
We buy trunks, valises and dress cult
ca»es by the carload. Also receive larrre
shipments of pocketbooks. b*"Its. bill
books, card rases, etc On. all fine leath
er goodK. kodaks mul cameras included,
your full name lettered in gold free of
chyp<?. Sanborn. Vail &. Co. "
CTXBERLAND, Sid., Feb. 4.— The miners'
■trt*e la - Ui» 2i>ym<Ui« fi*id, where **JW
m<*i went oat Dwmbw is, u practically
brt-kw*. th* mines twin* ia operation with
ncn -union nwa.
TAX DEMANDS MAY AVERT
PENDING WAR IN ORIENT
Japan May Be Called Upon to Deplete Her Store
of Gold to Rescue Sakauria From Ruin — Howl
ing Hyena Makes • Ferocious Threats in Court
Perhaps the threatening war cloud
in the Orient will pass away, as a
shadow from a glass, through the In
tervention of Tax Collector Edward J.
Smith. If Japan's attention can be
called to the assistance of one of her
subjects in this city and if proper in- j
terest is taken in his case It will re- j
quire nearly all the contents of the
war chest to square up what is coming
to thP Tax Collector. Without money
Japan cannot possibly go to war.
The citizen in trouble is Omauri Sa
kauria, and he was before Judge Mogan
yesterday. He cor.duc\s a place at
4?3 Dupont street under a permit Issued ;
for a phonograph establishment. The
police complain that under one license
he operates a lifting machine, a muscle |
tester, two punching 1 machines, a j
weighing machine, an electric nerve
tester, a lung tester, one name printer,
tvro machines for measuring the ex
pansion of the chest, four phonograph
machines, thirty-four picture machines,
a whistling machine and a machine
which takes ones picture while one
waits.
Under the ordinance it Is claimed that
he should be compelled to pay S3 a 1
month far each and every one of the
contrivances he maintains ror the be
guilement of nickels from the pockets
of his customers. Space prevents the
computation hastily jotted down by
Judge Mogan regarding the import of
gold Into the city treasury that would
occur if Sakauria should be enforced
to pay license fees for all of the things
that are running in his establishment.
The defendant was present in court |
and wrung his hands. His son also
was present as an interpreter and j
wrung his hands. Bailiff Hickey wrung I
a towel in the washroom about the
same time and a man in the back of
the courtroom broke a rung of a chair.
The scene was pitiable.
The case was continued until to-day
so that the prosecution could secure
the testimony of Tax Collector Smith
as to the amount of the licenses whiqh
Sakauria should be compelled to pay.
George Sterling, the howling hyena,
who threw his breakfast into the face
Of an interviewing reporter, tore up
the warrant for his arrest, fought a
turnkey, threatened to chew the bars
of his cell into iron filings and was
finally subdued by a stream of cold
water in the jail at San Bernardino,
was an interesting figure in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday.
He is wanted in this* city on charges
of robbery and assault with intent to
murder. About two months ago he
entered the bedroom of Frank Evans
en Third street, stuck a revolver barrel
in his victim's mouth and robbed him
of a watch, a revoH'er and $20 in cash.
When he was* arrested by Detective
Ed O'Dea he attempted to kill the po
lice officer with a pistol he grabbed
from Evans' untutored hand.
In court yesterday he confided to
Bailiff Walsh that if he had a couple
of guns he would clean out the court
room and make his escape. The bailiff
said, "Pooh! pooh!" with a couple of
"Fuls!" and told the fighter that a good,
swift punch on the jaw would be com
ing his way if further he "oped the
purple testament of bloody war." The
old, dead days of San Bernardino will
never come again to Sterling until he
has acquitted himself in some manner
from the two charges of felony against
him. They do these things better to
b-a-d men in a large city than can a
town which looks on the desert from
one side and a peaceful agricultural life
from the other.
Joseph Grannucci was sentenced to
six months yesterday by Judge Mogan
on a charge of petty larceny. He is a
recent arival from Italy, and a country
man of his named Joseph Pesa gave
bim a lodging place in his room on
Mason street on the night of January
24. When Pesa awoke the following
morning he found he had been robbed
of a gold chain, a silver watch and a
pistol. The disposition of the a'rticles
was traced to Grannucci and a clear
case waa made.
Judge Cabaniss had before him yes
terday a string of Chinese, which polled
thirty-two in number, who were
charged under a recntly enacted ordi
nance with the crime of barricading their
houses. The ordinance was passed In
order that the police might be facili
tated in their efforts to prevent gam
bling in Chinatown. By it the right of
the Chinese, or anybody else, to lock
their doors by whatever device they
ch<ose was attacked.
George Collins appeared for the de
fendants and intimated that the ques
tion of the constitutionality of the or
dinance would be challenged and car
ried to the Supreme Court of the United
States if necessary. Jridge Cabaniss
was inclined to avoid such uncalled-for
trouble by dismissing the defendants at
one*, but finally took the matter under
advisement until Saturday.
Harry Randall, who also sports the
name of Edward Pererson when occa
sion rails, was held by Judge Conlan
yesterday in bonds of- $3000 on each of
two charges of burglary and assault to
murder. He is accused of having stolen
$5 50 from the cash drawer of a restau
rar.f at SS Seventh street. While trying
to escape with his booty he rapped
Henry Tietjen, the cook, over the head
with an iron bar, inflicting severe in
juries.
*-■'"■ '.■ ..
Four bunrlnrs were held *to answer
J to the Superior Court yesterday by
j Judge Fritz in bonds of $2000 each.
i Three of them, named John McCor
! mick. Edward Cunningham and Rob
ert Martin, are accused of entering
the room of Joseph Platz at 348
Fourth street on the morning of Jan
uary 22. Before they secured much
plunder the sleeper awoke and gave
such a loud alarm that the burglars
ran into the arms of three police of
ficers in their endeavors to escape.
j Emanuel Sands, who Is accused of
1 burglarizing the room of William J.
Pilcher at 145^ Fifth street, was the
fourth man bound over to answer for
i his alleged crime.
: George Lorenzo is the town Con
stable out in the direction of Satro
Heights. He Is employed by the Su
■tro estate to protect Its property, bat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 1904
he has arbitrarily extended his Juris
diction over the" public roadways
thereabouts, the shingle that holds
the ocean in check, the Cliff House
and even the seals that dive and sport
for the amusement of the visitors.
He was before Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of battery. The
complaining witness was H. J. Lewis,
a Chinatown guide, whp, in pursuit of
his lawful occupation, escorted a party
from Des Moines, Iowa, to view the
beauties of the ocean beach.
According to the testimony, Loren
zo found the guide on a public road
with hi3 party of tourists and called
him nameless names. Then he tried
to make a bowknot out of a section
of gas pipe by tying it forcibly over
Lewis' head. The crafty guide dock
ed and side-stepped so adroitly that
he escaped serious injury', while the
Des Moines party ran to the ocean's
edge and dipped their tippy-toes in
the surf to scape the wrath of the
town Constable.
Lorenzo told the Judge that his in
structions were to prevent all guides
from showing visitors the beauties of
Sutro Heights, and he really believed
his jurisdiction extended to the road
ways and the beach.
"We have a few stray laws enacted
under the constitution of the United
States," said the Judge, ''which may
possibly conflict with your instruc
tions. Some of them relate to the
rights of a private citizen and others
appertain to the highways. If you can
show me an extraterritorial right
that makes" you a governor and pleni
potentiary on the ocean beach, with
a three-mile sea limit, I shall be glad
to examine it. I will give you until
February 9 to produce the goods and
if you fail I shall certainly find you
guilty of battery."
James Bailey, the cocaine fiend who
escaped from the custody of a police
man Tuesday morning and did a
swallow act around the Morgue build
ing, being finally captured by Deputy
Coroner Jim Murphy, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday on charge of
vagrancy.
"You may not be the 'get-away
kid,' " said the Judge, "but you are
certainly a hurdle racer. You remind
me of that fireman in New York who
fell from a twelve-story building, with
rubber boots on, and kept bounding
for five days, until a policeman shot
him to keep him from starving to
death." The crowd in the courtroom
drifted out sadly after this and the
Judge continued the case until Sat
urday.
• • •
Arbitration was the keynote of
Judge Mogan's decision yesterday
when Charles Nelson was brought be
fore him on a charge of battery. Nel
son is a walking delegate of the Paint
ers' Union and he was accused of bat
tering the face and figure of J. B.
Thielmans. The scene of the plot is
laid at a new building being erected
at Sixteenth street and Julian avenue.
Thielmans is the superintendent of
construction and had in his employ a
painter who was claimed to be a non
union man. Thielmans was asked
to discharge the doubtful man.
Hhe refused, and during the ar
gument Nelson landed an effective; left
on Thielman's eye. The foreman sent
in a call for the police and a squad
from the Mission station was hurried
in a patrol wagon to the scene of the
trouble. Nelson was the only one ar
rested. •
"Hasn't all this difficulty been set
tled satisfactorily to you?" asked the
Judge of the complaining witness.
"Yaas, I tank it ees," said Thielmans.
"Then the case Is dismissed," said the
Judge.
A bench warrant which was issued
for A. G. Schumacher for failure to
appear, by Judge Conlan, Wednesday,
was recalled yesterday on a showing
made by the defendant's bondsman
and his wife. The truth of their
statements was further strengthened
by a doctor's certificate and the testi
mony of Detective Mulcahy that the
defendant was suffering from conges
tion of the lungs and that his appear
ance in court would be suicidal.
Schumacher is accused by Leon
Carrau of obtaining Jewelry to the
amount of about $700 and disposing
of the same without making due re
turn. Technically it Is called felony
embezzlement. Other warrants were
issued one year ago, when the defend
ant was conducting a Jewelry store in
the Palace Hotel building, wherein he
was charged with defrauding his
creditors to an amount approximating
$40,000. All of these charges are un
derstood to have been dismissed, and
the only criminal accusation is the one
now pending in Judge Conlan's court.
Osborne Is Fined.
A. G. Osborne was sentenced by
United States Judge de Haven yes
terday to pay a fine of $500, or in de
fault to be imprisoned until the fine
shall have been paid. Oaborne was
convicted last Wednesday of having
forged a postal money order for $5
at Calistoga- After having been im
prisoned thirty days Osborne may be
released upon taking the "pauper's
oath" as to his inability to pay the
fine.
Wong Din Convicted.
Wong Din was convicted by a Jury
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court of having conspired with
John Duffy to land Ma Foo illegally.
He was remanded to the custodv ol
United States Marshal Shine. W«ng
is under $6000 bonds to appear foi
trial in .the Dasha-Burnett-Dempsej
substitution cases. He will be sen
tenced on Saturday morning.
Ilcywood Estate Appraised.
The crJate of the late Franklin Hey
wood was ai praised at $1SS,3O5 S'J. II
consists inrcipally of $13,713 49 cash
stocks and bonds worth more thar
$100,000 ant 1 , realty at the corner oj
Hayes and Baker streets worth $10-
COO.
Suit for Sailor's Wages.
L. Englun filed a libel yesterday it
the United States District Coun
against the schooner G. W. Watson 'tf
recover SSO balance due as wages.
MURDERED MEN
ARE AVENGED
One of Robert Sample's Slay
ers Gets Imprisonment for
Life, the Other Ten Years
JUDGE CHARGES JURY
Joseph 3Iajetti, for Shooting
and Killing Edward Short,
Sentenced to Nine Years
Three defendants who were tried be
fore juries In Judge Lawlor's court on
charges of murder and convicted of
minor offenses were sentenced yester
day. Charles Sullivan was sentenced to
Imprisonment for life in San Quentin
and John H. Powell to serve years
in* Folsom penitentiary. Sullivan was
convicted of murder in the second de
gree for shooting and* killing Special
Officer Robert A. Sample on Folsom
street, between First and Second, on
the morning of August 11, and Powell
was convicted of manslaughter. Each
got the limit.
After Powell's conviction he filed an
affidavit declaring that he fired the
shots at Sample in self-defense and
that Sullivan was not near him at the
time. Sullivan also filed an affidavit
In corroboration of Powell, which was
followed by an affidavit by ex-Bailiff
Mann regarding a statement to that
effect which Powell had made to his
attorneys in his presence. The affi
davits were filed on a motion for a new
trial.
Before passing sentence the Judge
made reference to the affidavits. He
pointed out that Sullivan testified in
his own defense that he and Powell
were abont fifty feet away from Sam
ple wh<yi they heard the shots, and
either Sullivan perjured himself In so
testifying or Powell committed perjury
in the affidavit. It seemed a bold at
tempt to interfere with the administra
tion of justice, shown furthermore by
the circumstances under which th?
former bailiff of the court is supposed
to have overheard Powell's statement.
Whoever fired the shots was guilty. of
a diabolical murder and was lucky in
escaping the severest penalty. Motion
for a new trial was denied.
Joseph Majetti, convicted of man
slaughter, was sentenced to serve nine
years in San Quentin. During a quar
rel with Edward Short, over an opium
pipe and a dog Majetti shot and killed
Short. This was in the Baltimore
House on April 2. The prosecution
agreed to withdraw the prior convic
tions against Majetti and Attorney
Murphy thereupon withdrew his mo
tion for a new triaL Majetti has al
ready spent more than ten months in
the County Jail.
Argument of Mining Suit.
Curtis" H. Llndley occupied the at
tention of Judge Morrow in the Unit
ed States Circuit Court yesterday in
arguing a law^palnt in the case of the.
Utah Nevada Company vs. Joseph R.
de Lamar. The Question was as to
whether an oral contract alleged to
have been entered into between Isaac
E. Blake and Joseph de Lamar could
be proved by parole evidence. Mr.
Llndley will conclude this morning
and will be followed by James G. Ma
guire of counsel for the complainant,
the jury in the meantime having been
excused.
Mrs. Stratch Is Arrested.
Officer Young of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children ar
rested Mrs. Mary Stratch, otherwise
Mrs. M. Ryen. yesterday for ill treat
ing her 14-year-old daughter. Young
says the neighbors thought at first
that he was intending to take the girl
instead of her mother and were about
ready to mob him. He explained mat
ters, to the assembled multitude, alf of
whom in token of the general unpop
ularity of Mrs. Stratch, voluntered to
appear against her in the courts.
M A Pie is a lot of Gooseberries, Squash, Chicken ox other «
3 Fruit, entirely surrounded by Crust. *■§
a -Good Pies have their Crust made with Cottclene, vhile Bad
H Because., it tastes better and also is more Digestible and
1 Moral: "Take care of the Crtst and the Pie win take care, of ;
d Cottolen* win be found at good cheers. Sold osty In sealed pails. 2O-p«ca Cotto-
fi lene Priaer, illustrated ia colors, froax which above is oae pa je, test free oa request. pt
i I Hade only by THE K. K. FAIEBAtfK COMPANY, Dept 2S0 CHICAGO. ■
SAYS TAGGART
STOLE HIS BOY
Wife of Army Captain Asks
Aid of Court to Recover
• Custody of Her Little Son
SEEKS IIABEASCORPUSWRIT
Charges That Husband She Is
Separated From Took thf
Child From Her by Force
Habeas corpus proceedings were In
stituted yesterday by Grace V. Tag
gart, wife of Captain Elmore F. Tag
gart, U. S. A., attached to the trans
port Sherman, to recover possession of
her little son Elmore. aged 5 years,
who she claims Is illegally restrained
of his liberty and kept from her by
her husband. She alleges in her peti
tion, signed by Judge Hebbard and
made returnable before him this morn-
Ing, that on Tuesday Ia3t Captain Tag
gart forced his way Into her apart
ments at her hotel, removed the little
boy and took him to the Union Iron
Works, where she says he has ever
since kept him confined in a shed on
the docks. Mrs. Taggart claims that
the boy is in delicate health and in
need of a mother's care and that his
father should be compelled to restore
the child to her care.
The Taggarts have been separated for
more than seven months. The attor
ney for Mrs. Taggart said yesterday
that previously to the separation Cap
tain Taggart had treated his wife with
great cruelty, and that after leaving
her he did not contribute toward the
support of his wife or their two chil
dren. He said further that Mrs. Tag
gart did not want any of her husband's
money, but that she did wish to be
left in undisturbed possession erf her
little ones. Mrs. Taggart was too ill
to be seen yesterday, her troubles hav
ing brought on prostration.
ASSERTS HER HUSBAND
STOLE THEIR CHILDREN
Mrs. Gay Elliott Covey of Stockton
Arrives at Seattle In Quest of Her
Two Young Sons.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Feb. 4.— "I am ;
following my husband, who cruelly left
me in Stockton, California, last fall.
But I am not after him because I want
him to come back to me. It is because
I want my two little boys whom he
has stolen from me. When I *et the
boys he can go where he pleases."
This declaration was made to-dav
by Mrs. Elizabeth Covey, the wife
of Guy Elliott Covey, a big black-'
smith, who lived with his family at
Stockton, and who, according to her
story, disappeared with their two boys,
aged 5 and 3 years, on September 22,
1903.
"If I can find him and the children
I know there is no court in the land 1
that would refuse to give me the chil
dren." said Mrs. Covey.
"Guy Covey will be punished yet. He
has treated" me wrongfully. I know
niy babies want me and I know that
every night the little dears offer ud a
prayer for me. I shall stay in Seattle
until I can learn where Covey Is: then
I shall take steps to have him ar
rested." ■ :
Ro**i'» Widow Seeks Damages.
Maria Rossi, widow of Antonio
Rossi and administrator of his estate,
sued the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company yesterday for $55,000 dam
ages for her husband's death. He
was run into by a train at Valencia
and Twenty-fifth streets last Septem
ber.
A suit for $S50 damages was also
filed against the railroad company by
the firm of G. Ghiotti Co.. of which
Rossi was a member. The firm de
mands that sum for the death of the
two horses driven by Rossi at the time
of the accident. Both suits are based
on the ground that the train was trav
eling at a speed greater than allowed
by law.
COTTOLENE.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIEN'S STORE
WILL BE CLOSED
SATURDAY.
We have sold so much fnraitnre, so
many carpets and curtains that oar
delivery department is, overtaxed. ,"VVe
arc therefore compelled, in justice to
our patron3, to announce that bar store
will btfcloscd Saturday. This will give
the different departments an oppor-
tunity to replenish their stock from
the warehouses and to deliver all hack
orders.
This store will reopen 3Ionday at
9:30 a. m. with new bargains.
Pattosien Go., cor. 16th and Mission.
W. J. PATTOSIEM, Managar. -
AmjsEME2rr&
GRANDS
MATINEES TO-MORROW AVt> SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS,
Jules Hurry's Blc 3<renlc Prediction.
LOST RIVER
jjsvax, TonrxtAM yaucrg.
TWO WEEKS OXVT.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY KlfiHT
WEBER and FIELDS
AIX-STAR STOCK COMPAN'T.
Louis Ma -n Li'tlan
Charles J. Ross Rus* II
John T.Kelly M ,
and Mabel
Pctc.» F. Dailey Fent-n
and
W be- and Fields
PRESENTING
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
AXD BURLESQUE OF
CATHERINE
S;at« Now on Sole at Box Office.
$2. $1 80. fl. 73c and 30c.
OtTT-OT-TOWH JJ4H. OME1S
Accompanied by money orders aad a&lresswi «
H. H. CAMPBELL. Gran* Ojxwa-hocM. will
>, be filled la the order rwlved.
CALIFORNIA
Last Two Nights ■<
MR. EDWARD MORGAN
IX HALL CAINST8 MASTERPIECE.
THE ETERNAL CITY
SPECIAL PRICES— fl 50. $1 CO,
73c. 30c. 23c.
Vext Sunday— Th» famous come-
dians. MCRHAT AND MACK.
THE RAINMAKERS
BHHBff^B>»sBSB^^^s»IB^S^^H^Bsii^a?r^ZiT " "^ ?*^^^^^B"»"»»y
COLUmBl A new tiara
To-nixht. Saturday and Sunday NUSt.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Last Times of the Musical Comedy Hit.
A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
Pretty GJrls. Catcny Music. Ma«aiflcent S«t-
tlnrs.- •
Begir.air.s Next Monday.
JAMES and WARDE
In tne Soectaeular Dram*.
iT.CTtwii!m T3CB CUU3AT.
SEATS XOW READT.
ALCAZAR\*KIT
t ■ Cecenl Mana£«r.
TO-IJIOKT — MATS. SAT. A.3TO STTX.
"On« of the snng^e«t successes fa tn« history
of Alcazar." — Aihton Stevens. In Emamln^r/
"Brilliant, picturesque and charmina.'"—
Peter Robertson, ta the Cbrocide.
A COLONIAL
r^ y -r% T By tus Anthor
UIJaL.... Xr^Juk
( Evg«.. C3c to 73c; Mat. Bat. A Esa.. 32c to 50c.
MOXDAI XEXT— THE FUXXT FARCE.
THE GAY PARISIANS.
la PrepareUqn— PARSIFAL.
CENTRAL^
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 33*.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NI0HT3.
MATINEE. TO-MOIIROVV AXD 8CXDAT.
Tbe Most Popular of AH Modern Dramaa.
EASTLYNNE
A Play tJmtrersaUy Lor^d. with a Heart la-
terest Story ' that Btlrs the Tender
Emotions and Toadies the
s Fountain of Tears.
All Central Favorites rg'the Cast.
pnirrC EVENINGS 10c ta S0o
fKiWU MATINEES 10c. 13c. 25c
"Feb. &— "IX SIGHT OF BT. PACL'9."
fiaciog!^^^^ Racing!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALJOTORXIA JOCKJET CLU&
IN GLBSIDB TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. ' Ftbruary L
Six op More Races Dafly.
Races, start at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by ttrt-tcsr tram »ay part of thm city.
Traia leave* Third aad Townsead street* at
1:13 p. m. anJ l«a.ve« th* track ImmadtaUtr
after the fast no. No smofcla* ta Use t»a
cars, which ar* reserred for ladlea aad thtlr
escorts. - '
THOMAS H. WILLIAilS. Preslt!«at.
FERCT W.-TRJSAT.. Secretary. -.
WesHy Ci S1.00 BBPte
AMUSEKESTS.
I8S-4 I9O4
GOLDEN JUBILEE FESTIVAL
la Celebration of th* Fiftieth AaaTrenary «f
th« Existence of
THX GERMAN BSYEVOX.EKT 8OCISTT
AND HOSPITAL.
GRAND FROMENADC CONCERT ANI>
VOLK3TE3T.
SATURDAY. Tib. e. and SCNOAT. Teh. T.
Frcia s:3 to 11:43 p. m.. tn th*
MECHANICS' PAVILJON.
MUSIC BT THE PARX BAND
Leaden. PATTL STEIXDOrlfT aad PROP*.
THEODOR VOCT.
A<i.ir-«ss** by President Oninsky and Kayo?
Schxiltz; criminal pc»rr« b7 Chart** Buadsebu
and Herman Glauch: pres«ntaUoa of K«da!s
t» honorary members: choruses by O«rmasj
Sisxlav Societies; gYinnastic» by Saa Fns-
Cisco, Mission aad Eiatraeht Tttra-VertfcJ*.
nader Mr. Haas Goetz, R. Barth aad H. C.
1*. StahL
Ort*!sal Fancy Dasces fcy ycunr Udlw. ar-
r»E*~i by Kn. Busse- Tram bent aad Mr. Har.»
Vronl. Maoy Oth*r Papal** F«i:-i.-u.
SUNDAY AFTERVOO.V. from *:3O ta S.
GRAND CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL
ADMISSION— 23 cents for Each Festival.
Childrea Aeccnspanyisr Adults. Ft*«.
I , _ _■
A BOUNTEOUS BILL!
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence; 2 SI1-
va-t; Smart Barnes; Robertas and
Wllfrvtlo and Orpheum Motion Pic-
tures. Last times of Cordoa and
Maud; Dnffy. Sawtclle and Daffy;
Holden and Florence, and JOHNNT
AND EMMA RAY
Preseatiajr "CaMy. ta* Tlraua."
Regular staUae«s Ererr Wedaewlay.. Tatrr*»
day. Saturday aad Sunday. Prices, 10c. 23«
and Xc.
I I VvU house.
TOCJXTJK WZXX
01* TJHC CV7AXAXUUQ) HVWYM,
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Coral; Opera ty Sua-
Utaoa Star.se aad Juitaa Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IX ADVANCE!
■ MATINEE SATCRDAT.
la Frrparatioa — "TZS OTTST SAXO3T.*
Usual Papular Prices. 23c.~ SOo aad 7<a
Box Btata II. •"■*»
To« Oatr Ecu* Want ta* Artists
< ..... <5?t From Fl»e to Ten Encores.
rrii BZAtrrr nor
Do«s This at E»ery Pprtormaaee.
Out "Al> Sur" Cast" Ineiudlna;
KCLB and DILL .
JOHN PEACHET
BEN T. DIXXOV
HELEN RrsSEIX
GEORGIA CR.4MET
ALTUEA TWINS
NEXT JIONDAT.
ROLY POLY
Orftfaal and Fanny From Ttrft to Last Art.
First App«arasiei- of MI3S NEIX1E LTXCH.
.••ats Ntnr en Sal*.
Matis'M Saturday and fhzs'Say.
HI8H-CUSS~SPECIALTIES
Srtxy Aiuraooa aad Errata* ta ti«
Hwted Tnsater.
4MEP.ICAN. CHINESE AND PHUJPPIXB
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORJ.
HANNIBAL
T»4i CatatnabU Afrtcaa Lien. Ia tas 2*v,
Ad:r.i*aion. 10c; Children. 5c.
Whea Phcalas;. • Ask for "The CTsutsa."
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
. Cor. Sacrmaieato asd Webater Sts.
T»airn ucTuxg
FRIDAY EVENINO. Febroary 3ta.
DR. WILLIAM FTTCH CHENZT.
8ub*«!t: "POPnJUt 3H3TAKE3 ABOUT
THE CARE OF CHU-DREN."
ADMISSION IS TREE.
BARRY DE WINDT,
Th« Fa moos Explorer, la ni«jtrat*<J Lector*,
"FROM PARI3 TO NETP TORK BT LAXD, M
LTRIC HALL* a*« TCESDAT. Feb. f. a£
8:15 p. p.
B«scrr«d Seats 90c. 73c and II.
Box ofSea epea Saenaaa. Clay & Ox's. Satsif
fc day Manila*.
Maaaywaent Pond Lyceum Boreaa.
PafarP D0NT FAIL TO
4 C \j J\.a. IsT'fftl^ JBH ff
d™ PA1LOK, th«
:> j PALM ROOM, th*
uranQ louis xv par.
Ul aiiU lgO^ .ad the LA-
D -± 1_ DIES' WRITXWQ
Hotels * ooic
910
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
BRITT CEASES
TRAINING WORK
Practically Abandons His Match
With Young Corbett and Will
Seek Other Engagements
NO ARTICLES SIGNED
Only Document in the*Case Is
the Agreement of the Hayes
Vallev Club to Promote Fight
Jimmy Britt abandoned his training
yesterday and apparently gave up all
idea of fighting Young Corbett in
March. His brother, who manages him,
said they would make other engage
ments.
The Britts and the Hayes Valley
Club managers are of the opinion that
Corbett made a foolish move from a
business standpoint in signing for a
fight prior to the other contest. Toting
Corbett, on the other hand, feels sure
he can pick up 52500 this month and
considers this good wages, especially
in view of the fact that there were
times when he was fighting for $30.
It will give him an added incentive lo
train, something he usually needs
badly and will lure him from the race
track.
There has been no conference be
tween the various parties at interest
and there seems no likelihood of their
heing one. Britt intimates that after
the Corbett-Sullivan fight he will re
open negotiations for a fight with the
winner.
It developed yesterday that when the
<"orbett-Britt match was made the
agreement signed by the parties was
a brief memorandum, in which the
men agreed to fipht and the club to
promote the contest. The forfeits of
the men were put up as an evidence of
srood faith and were to bind more com
plete articles of agreement, which were
to be drawn up subsequently and
These were duly drawn up and were
presented to Young Corbett for his sig
nature. After looking them over he
declined to sign them, as he did not
approve of one clause. This was one
binding the men not to take part in
■ contest prior to the date of the fight.
Since then Corbett has steadily re
fused to sign the paper. Under these
conditions the forfeits of the men mean
nothing and will undoubtedly be re
turned to them.
HAXLOXS I1RST MANAGER
PASSES AWAY IN THE EAST
Iloxer Is One Day Too Ijate to See
Old-Time lYiend in the
Flesh.
Eddie Hanlon. who left here last
Monday en route East, will not have
the expected pleasure of seeing Mike
.^hort, the man who brought him into
prominence, alive. .His ex-manager
succumbed to consumption yesterday
morning. Hanlon will hardly hear
of the death of his friend until he
reaches Short's home in Pittsburg to
day. . ■
Before Hanlon fought Young Cor
bett it was reported that Short had
succumbed, but this was corrected
later on. It will be some small conso
lation to the Calif ornian to be able to
pay a last tribute of respect to his
old friend.
No Action on March Boxing Permit.
• The Supervisors Police. Committee
postponed action yesterday for one
week on the petition of the Hayes Val
ley. Sunset, and Pacific Athletic clubs
for a permit to give a professional
boxine exhibition in March.
The Shasta Athletic Club, by H. L.
Fortreide of 26 "Drumm street, has
petitioned the Supervisors for a per
mit to give a professional exhibition
in "April. With the addition of the
Yosemite and the San Francisco Ath
letic clubs, this makes a total of six
organizations which want to promote
professional contest*.
Boise in Pacific National League.
BOISE. Idaho, Feb. 4.— «Boise will
be in the Pacific National Baseball
League this year with Salt Lake.
Butte and Spokane. The necessary
forfeit was put up to-day and the de
tails have practically been arranged.
Children's Society Meets.
At the monthly meeting of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children held yesterday J. A. Folger,
Robert Bruce, the Haslett Warehouse
Company, E. Brown, Robert Dollar,
C. J. Bosworth, I. F. Moulton, O'Brien
& Spotorno and J. E. Chapman were
elected to* membership. The secre
tary reported that 114 children had
been afforded relief during the last
month. Qf this number sixteen were
placed in institutions and fooir in fam
ilies.
Passes Confederate Bill*.
Mrs. Kate Silverman, 38% Moss
street, and Mrs. M. Bergman, 1037
Mission street, reported to the police
yesterday that a man about 4 5. years
of age had passed a $20 Confederate
bill on each of them and received $12
<-hange from Mrs. Silverman and 510
from Mrs. Bergman. He engaged a
100m at each place, tendering the
Confederate bill in payment. He
called at Mrs. Silverman's at 4:30
o'clock Wednesday afternoon and . at
Mrs. Bergman's about an hour later.
STAMFORD" Conn., Feb. 4. — Stamford Town
Hell and nio*t of it« contents were destroyed
by fire to-night. Trie building -cort S1S0.000,
. r.'l the additional loaa is e«t1mat*<l at $30,000.
FHEE! FREE!
TO WAXT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTIFUI; SOUVENIR
OF SAX FRANXISCO, ME-
TROPOLIS OF THE
WINTKRLESS
Free to Want Advertisers
IN
'NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In an envelope ready for mail-
ing:.
CHUB DEFEATS
FORTUNATUS
Comes on Strongly in the Last
Sixteenth and Wins Handily
at the Ascot Park Track
TALENT MEETS REBUFF
Establishes Redan, the Artil
lery Geldi/r^, Warm Favorite
and Sees Him Lose to Ocvrhe
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 4.— Favorites
had an unfortunate time of it at Ascot
to-day, Stemwinder being the only one
to lead the field at the finish. The other
five races went either to second or third
choices excepting the first* which was
won by Flourish at_ odds as good as 10
to 1. It was ladies' day, and despite
the cloudy, threatening weather there
was an attendance of 4000, and the
twelve books were never lacking for
something to do.
The best race of the day was the
fifth, at a mile and a quarter, with five
starters. Fortunatus was held steadily
at evens, with Chub at 2 to 1 and Dia
mante at 4 to 1. Platonius and John
McGurk were 8 and 12, respectively.
Fortunatus held the lead most of the
route, but Chub came on and won
handily* in the last sixteenth. Platonius
was third.
Flourish. Laocoon and Dr. Bernays
finished in the order named in the first
race, at one mile. Laocoon was a strong
favorite!
The second race was a three-horse af
fair — Stemwinder, The Fog and Ameri
cano. Stemwinder, at 4 to 5, won all
the way from Americano.
Corrigan's Ben Heywood won the
third number from Huapala, and the
owner of the latter horse ran the win
ner up to JTOO. $400 above his entered
selling price. The customary $5 retained
Heywood for Corrigan. Fox Lake, the
favorite, was third in this race.
Mainspring was plunged on by the
talent to win the fourth race, but fin
ished third. El Fonse won and Iras
took the place.
The last race of the das r was an upset
for the talent. Redan was the red-hot
favorite, with Dolly Hayman at twos
and Tower of Candles at 4. Ocyrhe went
to the front and won by two lengths
from Hayman, Redan third. Ocyrhe
was C to 1.
Among the prominent visitors at As
cot to-day were S. S. Howland, princi
pal owner of Bennings track, at Wash
ington, D. C, and of Kenilworth track
at Buffalo; James Howard, secretary
of Washington Park track, Chicago,
and Captain W. M. May of Lexington,
Ky., a well-known breeder. Weather
cloudy, track good.
SUMMARY.
■First race, one mile, selling — Flourish. 115
(X I^-wis), 8 to 1, won; Laocoon, f*8 (J. Book
er), « to 5. second: Dr. Bernays. 110 (Buxton),
12 to 1. third. Time, 1:43. Capitol, Louise
Meining. Cazador. Nina B L, Dr. Shorb, Pat
Hammon and Nat Goodwin also ran.
Second race, six furlongs, purse-^Stem
wlnder, 1C9 (J. Lewis). 4 to 5, won: Amer
icano, !«!» (Maddox). 10 to 1. second; The
Fog. 1CJ (Kedfern). 7 to 5, third. Time,
lzU%. No other starters.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling; — Ben Hey
wood. 105 (Redfern). 0 to 2. won; Huapala.
100 (J. Lewis). 7 to 2. second; Fox Lake. 10S
1 Buxton), 5 to 2. third. Time, 1:24. Foxy
Grandpa, Strife and Elle also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — El Fons*. Ill
(Donovan),' 9 to 2, won; Iras. 99 (J. Lewis),
R to 1, second; Mainspring:, 94 (E. Walsh) 2 to
1 third. Time. l:*3"i. Dotterel. Quldado,
I-*meo. Tlne-a-Llng. Castake, Jingler, Blue
ridge and Major Hooker also ran.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, seil
ing—Chub. 1CS (J. Lewis). 2 to 1, won: For
tunatus. 106 (Adams), 6 to o. second; Plato
nlua. 1C0 (Slnnott). K to 1. third. Time. 1:83.
John McGurk and Diamante also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling- — Ocyrohe, i>0
(Booker). « to 1. won: Dolly Hayman. 9*
<Lewl*),2 to 1. second: Redan, 107 (Phtlllpe).
0 to 5, third. Time. 1:15. Nitrate and Tower
of Candle* also ran. \ '~-Z'...~
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 4. — Crescent City re
mxitm:
First race, selling, one mile — Pronta won.
Satchel second. Bengal third. Time, 1:413-5.
Second race, nelllng, six furlongs — Travers
won. Den Howard pecond, Sid Silver third.
Time, 1 :14.
Third race, six furlongs — Fort Plain won,
Sadduccee second, Joe Gofs third. Time,
1:13 3-5.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and seventy
yards — Lou Dorsey won. Exclamation second,
Bondage third. Time. 1 :44 4-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs —
Harmakis won. Red Man second. Foresight
third. Time, 1 :06 4-5.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles— The
Messenger won, Velos seoond, Gravlna third.
Time, 1:47 4-5.
EASTERN GREYHOUNDS
IN COURSING ENTRY
High Class Dogs Will Start on Sunday
in the Ingleside Park
Stake.
The stake to be run at Ingleside
Coursing Park on Sunday attracted an
entry last night of sixty- four high
class greyhounds. Many Eastern dogs
will be among the contenders. The
draw resulted as follows:
Roy Ilugkie vs. Fairy Bell; Little Lucy vs.
lone Hill; Qulta vs. Odd Eyes; Haddlngton vs.
Frisky Boy; Grand Marshal -v«. Harlean
Gladys; Tamora v«. Hurry On; Creswlck ve.
Haughty Helen; Comlque vs. Equator; Homer
Boy vs. McHenry; Gold Chain vs. Royal
Friend: Van Alba vs. Boots; Slievesnamon vs.
Laughing Water; Rich Argosy vs. Texas Jim;
Terah vs. Golden Rule; Menlo Prince vs.
Ragged Actor; Miss Gantz vs. Mountain
Poet: LUy York vs. Ml Amigo;'Tralee Lass
vs. Glaucus; Prometheus vs. Mollie/Mc; Con
roy vs. Glancing Pasha; Raby Aurora vs. Doc
Burns; Full Moon vs. Charming Thought; Ad
vance Guard vs. Meddlesome; Belfast vs. Rose
of Gold; Ploughman vs. Walter G; Trouble
some vs. Viking: Rector ts. Firm Fellow;
Frisco Lad vs. .Tellowtatl; Vina v«. Presidio
Boy; Silver Cloud vs. Adonis; Fannie Hughfo
vs. Pasha Pleasant; Monbells vs. Lord Gran*
«rd. , .
OAKLAND BASEBALL TEAM ''
SECURES IDORA PARK
Manager Ewing Signs Contract Giving
Him Control of Grounds for
Next Season.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4. — The manage
ment of the Oakland Baseball team
has secured control of , Idora . Park
and all the league game's played in
Oakland next season will . take place
at the new grounds.
Manager J. Cah Ewing of the Oak
land team, signed the contract with
the park management this afternoon.
Work on the grounds * will be com
menced at onCe in order to have them
in first-class shape in time for the
opening of the season.
"Bridge Whist," "Five Hundred" and
nil other tAlly cards. "Military Euchre,"
"Flinch."- "Panic," "Pit" and all the new
hacks In Congress DUvinar cards. SRn
born, Vail &. Co.. . : :• ;.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, FRIDAY. . FEBRUARY 5. 1904
JUDGE RUNS A MILD RACE
AND FORMASTER WINS EASILY
Four Choices Are
Defeated at
♦* • Ingleside.
Rain fell at intermittent spells* and
the course at Ingleside yesterday was
almost sloppy enough for boat-racing.
In fact, the race won b'y Formaster
looked like a national sculling cham
pionship contest. The Boots & Holien
beck three-year-old is a useful piece of
horseflesh and for that reason was as
signed 112 pounds in the six and a half
furlong handicap. Long Shot was In at
the same weight, and The Mighty with
a couple of pounds less. Formaster
went to the post at 8 to 5, with Bull
man In the saddle. Long Shot, Ananias
and Solanus were the early pace setters.
At the head of the stretch Bullman got
through on the rail and at the close
downed Judge without difficulty. The
latter colt lay so far out of it early in
the game that it looked as if he might
have broken down. Otto Wonderly on
The Mighty, a fast breaker, got away
from the post poorly, of course, losing
the show to Solanus.
TWO FAVORITES SCORE.
Besides Formaster the only other
winning favorite was Brennus, and
Steve Judge's gelding was a tame one.
Considering the unpleasant climatic
conditions the attendance was good.
Oliphant may be a good handler of
long shots, but when seated on a fa
vorite Sidney Bender's apprentice can
without effort ride a dreamy, drowsy,
languid race. He had the mount in
the opening seven-furlong event on Op
timo and succeeded in finishing third.
"Medicine Man" Hildebrand broke
away in the lead with Constellator and
won all the way, galloping* by the
judges nearly three lengths ahead of
El Piloto.
Barney Schreiber's Speaker Fontana
was sent to the post favorite over Bill
Short for the kindergarten scramble,
but cojild not deliver. Johnny Daly,
who rode Bill Short, got Al Dobson's
youngster away in front and, holding
Speaker Fontana's measure through
out, beat the latter by two lengths at
the wire. Eduardo, from the Burns &
Waterhouse stable, finished an indiffer
ent third.
In the mile and fifty-yard selling
event Bill Massie, ridden by Hilde
brand, showed surprising improvement
over his previous race. Figuring on
the race mentioned. Pierce J looked a
good thing for the race yesterday! and
wa« accordingly played down to 6 to 5
favoritism. «
PIERCE J IS PACEMAKER.
Larsen had the mount on Pierce J
and cut out the pace for about seven
eighths of a mile. Then Hildebrand sat
down on his mount and Bill Massie
simply rolled home first. . G. \V. Tra
hern ran third behind the favorite.
Oliphant distinguished himself
again in the five and a half furlong
sprint, for which selection Rustic
Girl, Glendenning, The Pride, Aunt
Polly, Titus and Fort Wayne declined
the issue. This made Lady Bimbo
look the most eligible of those left in
and the filly opened a 3 to 1 "chance.
Despite the play on her the odds re
ceded to 4, the most play being '.on
Brennus, -which was backed from 6 to
4. Brennus won galloping from
Flyer, with Goddess of Night third.
Oliphant got left at the post almost
with Lady Bimbo and was never in
the running.
Scherzo opened equal favorite with
Creole Jim for the final mile selling
run. In a previous race Scherzo had
shown a dislike for sloppy going and
Tommy Burns was fortunate to finish
third. By a close turn into the
stretch Hildebrand on Bombardier
shook off the bunch and at the wire
finished more than three lengths In
front of Creole Jim, the post favorite.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
The stable of Charley. McCafferty
was restored to good standing by the
stewards yesterday.
. For assaulting H. Magill in the pad
deck on Wednesday, 1 Hiram Pierce
was suspended and denied all privi
leges of the track until May 1 by the
stewards.
Schwalbe pulled -up lame yesterday
morning after a workout, and Barney
Schreiber said his mare would not
go to the post, for the Burns handi
cap to-morrow. ...
Sacredus, from the Jennings stable,
is a shifty mudlark and will undoubt
edly be a starter in the *big race ±o
morrow. His weight is 100 pounds,
and Charley Corinell has the mount. -
Mike Daly welcomed the downpour
of rain as the maiden lady does leap
year. Claude is a notorious mudlark
and had he not. lost a plate might
have captured "the Burns" last year.
Hildebrand rode three winners. Joe
Teager'8 lightweight had * but four
mounts, which makes the feat a very
creditable one. » /
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and ud; selling.
6910 'Candidate (Rowell) !••;
r.KM Grand Sachem (Moran) ..101
SU3O Cracko (Levy) 101
S882 Dandle Belle (Winter & Co.) :>:i
.VJ.TJ Torila (Ray & Co.) U9
5414 Mr Tom Tiddler (Daly) ....112
&•!»><; Adirondack ' (Shannan) 101
5000 •Boutonnlere (F. Jones) 03
6948 'Flyer (Ryan) ...... . . . : .... 90
6.815 Sam Lazarus Esq (Stoer) 112
A84C Klnaldo (Slfkiyou Stable) 109
5774 'Pruewood (McAlester) 84
6932 *Huntressa (Henshall) 04
6932 Blackthorn (Fink) 112
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; celling. '
«7«3 Marie J (W. Jones) ....100
C907 *Saccliarate (N'apa Stock Farm) 101
.... *Sea Voyage (Miller) 08
i Pirate of Penzance-Gladness;
5907 'Wllla (Dobgon) t»s
6007 'Del Carina (Smith) 101
5907 Edith Vice (Hildreth) 103
..'. . EduecUff (Burns & Waterhouse) .103
Eddie Jones-Shasta Water.
Third race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up: stil ing.
69(10 Expedient (Smith) ...' ...100
60.10 •Brlssac (Marklein) 90
6920 Sieenvlne (Stocr) 101
- 5020 'Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) 94
5920 *E1 Pillar (Haskell) 00
S'W-Past Macter (Fink) ........104
5815 •The Counsellor (Cotton) ..•..'....-. fli
5R(» *Decoy (Miller) .";.....;....... •!•)
5920 Xorford (France) ...104
Fourth race — Sir and a half : furlongs ;three
ycar-oldR and up; handicap:.
57X1 John ' A. Scott (Jones) '. IOC
6U21 O'Hagen (Bender & Co.) ..".... V... 7. !)(j
5321 Kenll worth (Stover) .......... .:.;.. ,V£i
MHS5 Princess Titanla (Millln) • ....".".:.... .107
FlTth race — Five-eighths of ■ a mile. • four- ,
SAN. FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING' FORM CHART.
INOI.ESIDE RACETRACK— THURSDAY, Feb. 4.— Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
5042. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;" 3-year-old 3 and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. %. %; %,. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
ff«? S? n nf, e " ator - a ( Keating) llO-i 2 11 12 14 15 1 2>i Hildebrand 13-5 7-2
rmn £' .? U0tO i ° (H - w - Hoag).... VXl 1 B % 4 1%3 HJS 2!S2 5 Foley 5 4
ritd 2 P "J? 1 5 (D - F - Blakeman).. 100 3 6 1)45 2 5 4 4 4 3 3 Oliphant .. 3 16-5
iSSSi S ay Monde r- 4 (Newman).... 104 4 3 2 2 n '2 I»i3 1%4 7 Travers ... 6 10
'PfHP pyronerdale. 4 (J. M Crane). 104 5 2,2*£3 2}£4 2s6 8 5 8 Larsen .... 4:v;-6\:
58-Y btandard. 3 (J. j. McAlesterj. 837 7 6««SC763 Crosswalta 20 40
™kl V lb £ le CandId . 3 (Appleby)... 89 6 4 n 7 7 77 T. Butler.. 10 12
5923 Arthur Ray. 5 (Clayton) Ill Left ...' Haack 10 12
Time —'- 2i Y*. :«H. 1:16. 1:29. At post 3 minutes. Off at "2:04'^. Constellator. place. C-5;
show. .1-5. Piloto. place, S- 5 -show. 3-5. Optimo, thow 0-20 Winner b. g. by Brutus-
Constellation. Trained by W. Keating. Scratched— Flo'rlana Belle. David S. Wistaria,
hamtly. Flo Manola. Klckumbob Start bad Won easing up. Next two driving. Win
ner jumped away in front and was nevtr'/in difficulties. El Piloto all tangled up at
start. Optimo weakly ridden. Bay Wonder stopped for some reason. Byronerdale can
OQ-13. SECOND RACE— 3'j furlongs; purse; maiden 2-yr.-old colts & geldings; first, $325. •
I™!" j gorge "and Owner. Wt St. tf • lT. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. ~C1.
5S?2 o iU Short (A - T - Dobson)...,. 115 3 .'. . ... In 1 >a 1 2 J. Daly.... 13-5 5-2
JSJ5 Speaker Fontana (Schreiber). 110 2 2 3 2 4 2 2 Vi Burns 5-2 9-5
5S0o Eduardo (B. & \V.) n2 fi ... ...6 4 4 \<, 3 2 Bell 5 6
5823 Corn Blossom (Rowell) 115 4 3 V, :t I'M -'% Travers ... 7 12
5.1.1 Bose Ely (Blasingame Bros.). 107 6 5 n 52 57 J. Jackson. ?.O 40
.1S59 Only Jimmla (Washoe Stable) 110 1 4 % 6 8 0 6 Tullet 30 100
5S>2.{ Glacoraa (R. A. Smith) 107 7 7 6 76 7 15 Larsen 10 SO
II Dottore jC. M. Hollenbeck) 115 8 ... ... 8 8 8 Bullman .. 4 12
Time— :25>£. :44. At P03t 3*4 minutes. Oft at 2:33'«i Short, place, 4-5; show, out. Fon
- tana, place. 3-5; show, out. Eduardo. show 7-10. Winner ch. c. by Wood Moss-Gold
Bangle. Trained by W. Short. Scratched— Cardinal Sarto. Start good. Won ridden
out. >.ext two driving hard. Bill Short outfooted the favorite every inch of the route.
Is a good one. but not ready. He will do later.
5944. THIRD RACE— One mile and 50 yards; selling; 4-year-oId3 and up; to fl.rat. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V*- ¥t- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I. Op. Cl.
68S7 BUI Massie, 0 (McAlester) . . . 102 12132 2 %'2 2%1 3 Hildebrand 8-5 7-5
Ii729 Pierce J. 5 (D. F. Blakeman) 105 7 4 2 2 n 1 2^1 n 2 3 Larsen .... 8-5 6-5
(..020) O. W. Trahern, 5 (Quintan).. 107 6 6 % 4 % 3.i£ 3 B 3 7 J Martin.. 4 - 7
5920 The Ledaean, 5 (Boots & Co.) 105 5 8 7 h 5 u, 4 4 4 5 W. Dugan. 20 100
'™, I8) if a8h> 4 (U " Lev >') -*.... 105 8 6 2 6 2 7 5 6 6 6 >i J. T. Shehn 20 40
C919 Hellas. 4 (J. Creely) 102 4 3 n 5 3 6 2-5^67 C. Smith... . 30 ICO
6S36 T. Kingsley. a (Winter Co.).. 102 3 7 3 8 8 8 7*15 Vandrbout 2O 40
5923 lhlleno._a_(Blaslngame Bros.) 97 2 1 1*61 *i 4 4 7 n 8 Crosswalte 10 20
Time— :24*i. :49>/i, 1:16',4. 1:42941 1;.15*4. At post H minute. Off at 2:55. Massie. place,
2-u; ahow, out. Pierce J. place. 2-5; show out. Trahern, show, 7-10. Winner, br. g.
by Traverse-Belle o f Mount Zoah. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Algaretta.
Mart good. Won In a gallop. Balance driving. Bill Massie ran over Pierce J the last
■^-~^!^-^^J5SS5!SJ[^. - Is - race- Chlleno >>led. Others outclassed. <*
5915. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds; to first. $400.
Indcxl Horse and Owner. IWt St. }i . >i"I ?i. Str. Fin. Jockey. OpT ClT
(590S) Formaster (Boots & Co.) 112 5 43 4 4 In 13 1% Bullman .. 6-5 8-5
5827 Judge (M. J. Daly)..... in 6 5h 52 4^42 2 1'4 J. Daly 13-5 11-5
(5018) Solanus (W. B. Jennings).... 106 1, 3 2»s3 % 3 6 3 2*43 n J. Martin.. 10 20
5C94 The Mighty (Ferguson) 110 4j6 6 0 5545 Wonderly . 4 9-2
Long Shot (C- T. Henshall).. 112 3 In 1 ?4 2 ?; 2 n « 15 Kunz 7 CO
5921 Ananiaa (J. F. Schorr) IPS I 2 2h2h546 6 Reed V£ 15
Time— :24U. :48U. 1:15>4. 1:22. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:23. Formaster, place. 1-2;
show. out. Judge, place. 3-5; show. out. Solanus, show. 2. Winner, ch. c. by Bru
tus-Forma. Trained by C. M. Hollenbeck. Scratched— Bill Curtis. Start good. Won
easily. Next three driving hard. Formaster had things made easy for tfim, but was
probably best anyway. Judge could not scare' up any early speed to-day. Long Shot
ran well to the stretch, where Kunz pulled out and let FormaaWr through. Otto Won
derly managed to get away badly on a very fast breaker. Kolanus did his best.
3040. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt'St. V* • l .i- ?*• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5906 Brennus. 4 (Judge &: Co.) |l07 5 ... 5 3 2 n 1 *i 1 IVi Bell « 4
5846 Flyer 4 (T II llyan) 1102 7 ... 0*472 54 2»i Larsen 9 9-2
5S48 Goddess of Night. 6 (Parks).. 109 1 ... 1 h 1 1«42 n 3 3 Ougan 12 20
642« Handpress. a (tyagrane) Ill 2 ... .': % 3 2 4 1 4 n J. Martin.. 12 IS
4077 Cassle W 5 (J C Nealon)... 99 4 ... 2 3 4 3 3 2 5 4 Hildebrand 9-2 ,"4
590(1 Bell Reed", 4 <j.T Collins).. 99 3 ... 4h 5 1Vj« 1 6% Sherwood . 8 12
501S Florinel II. a (II. \V. Hoag).. 100 6 ... 7 2»$6,% 7 2 7 2 Foley 5 ;.:7.8^
5812 )Lady Bimbo. 4 (Lagorla) 100 8 ... 8 8 8 8 Oliphant 3 4
Time — :24',^ :ol\i. 1:09*4. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:50. Brennus. place. 8-5; show, 4-5.
Flyer, p'lace. 9-5; show. 4-5. Goddess, show. 5-'J. Winner, b. g. by Bassetlaw- Peril.
Trained by S. Judge. Scratched — Rustic Girl. Glendenning. The Pride, .Aunt Polly. Titus.
Fort Wayne. Start good for all but Lady Bimbo. Won In a gallop. Next" two driving.
Brennus closed well. Flyer, should have won. Goddess of Night ran' her race. Cassie
W quit early. Strangely enough. In his own sort of -going Florinel could not raise a
gallop. Oliphant succeeded in getting almost left with the heavily played Lady Bimbo.
5947. SIXTH RACE— One mile; 'selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. }4 • Vi- ?i • Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Ct.
591S Bombardier (F. Skinner).... .. 03 5 2 h lh 2 2^1 >4 1 3H Hildebrand 13-5 3
5922 Creole Jim (R. A. Smith) ..... 1*2 4 3332 35 3 2»£2 l»i Larsen .... 2 11-5
5908 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable). 105 1 3 C 5 n .6 0 5 6 3 3 Burns 2 11-5
58SC Hulford (H. Stover). 103 6 13 2 Vi 1 ?4 2'1»{,4 3 L. Jackson. 20 30
5562 C. Schwelzer (Blasingame).. 91 15 14 2 4h 6 5 12 Crosswalte 20 - 10
5822 Keogh (P. Hildreth^...-. 105 2 4 % 6 ti 4 3 6 J. Martin.. 5 6
Time — -.251/i. :50^4. 1:17 1:44»4 At post V, minute. Off at 4:15'.J. Bombardier, place. 1;
show. »- 20. Jim, place,'.4-5; show, 2-5. Scherzo, show. 2-5. Winner, b. g. by Maxlo-
Mlddie Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Instrument. Start good. Won
easily after an early drive. Next two driving. Hildebrand saved all the ground possible
with winner. Creole Jim ran a j fair race. Scherzo Is not a good mud horse. Hulford
Keogh won't do. Schwelzer no mudlark.
YOUNG GRAYSON MAY
SOON GAIN FREEDOM
Father of Check Passer Relents and
Telegraphs Friends to Assist Son ./
Out of Trouble.
Temple Grayson, the gay young
man from Portland, who now occupies
a cell in the City Prison, awaiting a
hearing on a charge of having issued
spurious checks, is likely soon to re
gain his freedom. Yesterday his
father, Colonel James . T. Grayson,
who, several days ago, announced
that he had disinherited his son and
would have nothing further to do with
him, telegraphed to a number ' of
his friends in this city to do what they
can for his wayward boy and help
him out of jail. Apparently the fath
er has relented, as he has done be
fore. Friends are now endeavoring
to settle with the vari<Tus persons who
were duped by young Grayaon and
thus stay the prosecution " of the
charge, and of other like ones. An
aunt of the young man is also report
ed, to have interested herself in his
behalf and has promised^to make good
the amounts of money he owes in the
event of the father failing to do so.
Killed by Gas.
James Sherman, a sailmaker, 59 years
of age, was asphyxiated ln^a lodging
house at 334 Bush street ' yesterday
morning, and Vincent McDonald, sec
ond, mate of the Olive Bank, narrowly
escaped death in the same manner. The
men went to bed at about 3:30 yester
day morning in an Intoxicated condi
tion. A few hours later Thomas Fer
guson, one of the proprietors of the
place, smelled gas -in the hallway. He
opened the door of the room and found
Sherman dead in bed and McDonald
unconscious on the floor. McDonald
was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where he was revived. Later
he was taken to St. Thomas'. Hospital.
year-olds and up; selling: ..
5934 Bard Burns (Fountain) '
5848 *Ulctn-.a (Robb) '..
r.siO •Amas.a (Rowley) .....' 1Q?
4488 Solinus (Levy) . ; . . .". A. .lOi
5848 "Algarctta (Murray) " : ..100
50.-.4 'Muresca (Miller) ....100
.1019 'Albemarle (Tlerney) :..... 102
5934 Matt Hogan (Magrane) ........107
5910 David S (Stanfleld) .107
5034 Rollick (Jones) 107
5840 Bassenzo (Walz'& Co.) 107
6870 Adnor (Jones) .:....................:. 107
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-oldi and up;
sellins: ....
5030 »Mr. Dingle (Judge) .....104
5897 «Anlrad (Coffey) . .'. 87
5910 'Diderot (Atkin) ../ 101
BOSS 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 104
5890 The Fretter. (O'Rourke) *.. ICO
69:53 •Illilouon (Randall) ..................104
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
Pir«t race— Ply er. Adirondack, Binaldo.
Second race— Marie jr. Wllla, Del Ca
rina.
\Third race— Korf ord. Decoy, Expedient.
Fourth race— Kenilworth, " John A.
Scott, O'Haffcn.
Fifth race — Muresca, Albcmarle, Matt
Hosran. '■■'•
Sixth race— Diderot, The Fritter, Mr.
Dingle. VKBKUBBi
; .TROOX. Scotland. -Feb. 4.— Frederick , Van
dcrbllt's ~ ncT/ ;• steam- yacht ': Conqueror .' ; was
launched- here to-day. . . . • .. -■
DR. MICHAEL LA FERE . V
ENDS niS EXISTENCE
Kills Himself Because a Woman
-Leaves Him for Another
Man.
,-Dr. Michael La Fere. 40 years of
age, committed suicide yesterday
morning in his room at a lodging
house at 117 Eddy street, death evi
dently being caused by poison. La
Fere was found undressed, his head
resting on the floor and his feet on
the side of the bed. r %'t*
On a chair near the bed were
two glasses and a number of brief
notes written by La Fere before he
ended his life. The notes were as
follows: "To the Coroner— Please
do not dissect my body. M. La Fere "
"I wish she will be happy, my dying
wish." "I promised to be here In the
morning; I am here." "I, W i sh to
leave something after me- never trust
a woman."
The reason that La Fere committed
suicide is supposed to have been be
cause his consort. Mrs. Jennie Little,
had decided to end their relations.
A note written by La Fere was
found by Mrs. Little in her purse, but
she could not say how the note was
placed there or when. The note was
in La Fere's handwriting and said:
,"The bearer is not responsible for my
death." Mrs. Little thinks that La
Fere placed the note in her purse
while she was visiting his. room on
Wednesday night.
La Fere came to California from
Sweden two years ago and found a
position with the North Alaska Sal
mon Company as a physician at ; the
company's fishing grounds.
Superintendent C. T. Hale of the
North Alaska Salmon Company was
surprised' to hedr yesterday of La
Fere's death. Hale stated that La
Fere had given every satisfaction and
was re-engaged as a doctor _for the
coming season. La Fere had in
formed Hale that he was residing with
his wife at the lodging-house' at 117
f Kddy street. /
A bottle of corrosive sublimate was
found in La Fere's room and. it is
thought that he used the deadly
poison. / .
Will Test Cubic Air Ordinance.
The arguments on applications for
writs of habeas corpus for the release
of seventeen Japanese "who were ar
rested at 431 Stevenson - street and'
cortvicted and fined $20 each by Po
lice Judge Conlah on Wednesday were
heard before Judge Cook yesterday
afternoon. The Judge' dismissed the
writs and remanded the prisoners. The
attorneys for the Japanese said they
would appeal from the judgment of
the lower court so as to test the con
stitutionality of the ordinance, and
the Judge fixed bail at $10 each on
appeal.
Bay City dub Fights.
Walter Morena and Gus Koster will
meet in the" Pavilion Annex' to-night
in the main, event of: the Bay City
Athletic. Club exhibition, Dick Hy
landand Tom Sullivan will also ap
pear.- There are five other bouts on
the card. * • .. ■
PONY RACING
AT DEL MONTE
Ambitious Programme of Sports
of the Field Planned by
the California Association
POLO IS SCHEDULED
Many Teams of High-Class
Players Will Meet in This Ex
citing" Equestrian Pastime
The officials of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association have
completed their programme for the
important meetings to be held at Del
Monte and at Burlingame during the
present month. The programme of
the Del Monte meet follows:
Thursday. February 18, racing:
First race, one- quarter mile, for ponies —
Top weight, 165 pounds; 4 pounds allowed on
each half-Inch under U hands 2 inches; pura«
$100; value to winner. $75; second, $25.
Second race, three-eighths mile, for ponies —
Top weight. 1C0 pounds; 4 pounds allowed on
each ha!f-inch under 14 hands 2 inches; purse
$100; value to winner $75; second. $25.
Third race, one-half mile, for maiden ponies
— Top weight. 160 pounds; four pounds allowed
on each half-Inch under 14 hands 2 Inches;
cup value to winner. $75; second, $23.
Fourth race, three-sixteenths, mile, for po
nies — Top weight. 165 pounds; four pounds al
lowed on each half-inch nnder 14 hands 2
Inches: purse $75; value to winner, $60; sec
ond. $15.
Fifth race, three-quarters mile, for ponies —
Top weight. 155 pounds: four pounds allowed
on each half-Inch under 14 hands 2 Inches;
cup value to winner, $75; second. $25.
Sixth race, one-quarter mile, for ponle*—
Winner of first race barred; top weight. 165
pounds;. 4 pound*? allowed for each half-Inch
under 14 hand3 2 Inches; purse $10O; value to
winner $€.*>: second. $20: third. $15.
Friday, February 19, polo matches.
Saturday, February 20, pony racing:.
. First race, cne-quarter mile, for ponies —
Entrance fee $5; top weight 165 pounds, four
pounds allowed on each \' t Inch under 14
hands 2 Inches; purse value to winner, $75;
entrance fee to -o to second.
Second race, three-eighths mile — For ponies
that ran but did not win a race on first day:
top weight ieo pounds, four pounds allowed
on each \-% Inch under 14 hands 2 inches;
purse, $C5; value to winner, $50; second, $15.
Third race, one-quarter mile — For maiden
ponies, top weight 165 pounds; 4 pounds al
lowed on each 'a inch under 14 hand* 2 Inches;
cua value to winner. $75; second, $25.
Fourth race, one mile — For ponies: top
weight 155 pounds; four pounds allowed on
each ti'lnch under 14 bunds 2 Inches; purse,
$125; value to winner, $S5; second, $25; third,
$15.
Fifth race, three-sixteenths of a mile — For
ponies that ran but did not win the fourth
race on first day: top weight 1K5 pounds: four
pounds allowed on each '-j Inch under It hands
2 Inches; purse, $65; value to winner, $30; sec
ond, $15.
Sixth race, .five-eighths mile — For ponies;
top weight 155 pounds; four pounds allowed
on each Vi Inch under 14 hands* 2 inches; cup
value to winner, $C5; second. $25:* third, $10.
Sunday, February 21, sacred concert and
specialties. - •.' .
Monday, February 22, polo matches and epe
cialtles.
The scene will shift to Burlingame
on the 26th inst. This day will be
devoted to polo. On Saturday the
pony races will be held, while Sunday
and Monday will be given over to
polo. Entries for the Del Monte meet
will close with Secretai^' T. A. Dris
coll on the 14thyinst., and those for
Burlingame on the 23d. The races
will be in charge of Robert Leighton
of Vancouver, secretary of the North
ern Pacific Racing Association.
RELIABLE INFORMATION' v ' '■-
FOR INCOMING ALIENS
California Promotion Committee
Forms Plans to Supply Facts to
New Arrivals.
To attract attention of desirable im
migrants to this State the California
Promotion Committee has communi
cated with the Bureau of Immigration
of the Department of Commerce sug
gesting the establishment of bureaus
of information at the principal immi
gration stations for the benefit of ar
riving aliens. Commissioner General
W. P. Sargent of the Bureau of Immi
gration has written the following to
the Promotion Committee:
Slnc*<5 assuming the duties of Commissioner
General of Immigration and becoming ac
quainted with the conditions of the cervlee
I have realized the need of reliable information
being accessible to arriving aliens In regard
to conditions in different sections of the coun
try, especially where Immigration Is desired.
Of course it will be necessary for CongresS tr.
take action before such a plan could be put
into operation. My idea Is that a opace suf
ficiently* large be assigned for the purpose
of placing on exhibition sampler of the prod
ucts ot the several States, as well as giving
to the aliens all available information as to
rents, cost of land, etc. This Is not Intended
to In any way encourage Immigration, but
rather as a means of more evenly distributing
the largp number who annually come to the
United States.
Rufus P. Jennings reports that the
Promotion Committee will work un
til the bureaus are established.
Marsh Shootln?.
One sad feature of marsh shooting is
the destruction J of herons and the
larger . marsh birds. Only a rigid ad
herence to decency of conduct can pre
vent that, for. it is after all sometimes
a temptation on a blank day. But It is
wrong, all wrong, and unless a man
sticks to the principle that nothing ex
cept a game bird is excuse for shoot
ing our marshes will lose some of
their most picturesque and beautiful
inhabitants. I know that anglers
howl intermittently for the ex
termination of all heron, cranes
and kingfishers; I know also
what damage the latter birds do, and
also certain species of heron, . such as
the little green heron. Yet I have no
desire to drive out these feathered fel
low-flshermen—no wish to fish In soli
tary hoggish comfort. Where herons
and kingfishers become too numerous
there Is no reason why their numbers
should not be thinned out. But as for
a wild and general fusillade upon the
appearance of these birds, it is brutal
and needless and a policy which never
can appeal to me.— Baltimore American.
The coming man is usually-one who
has already arrived.
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail This Order to The Son Francisco Call WUX 75c
Inclosed here with, please find 75c. for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The; Call's Pfemiurh rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c b
CITY •.«•••••••••••.••••.........
state ....!!!•!".!!.!!
"LADIES' NIGHT"
A BIG SUCCESS
Varied Programme Is Rendered
at the Olympic Club in
Honor r of the Gentler Sex
LARGE CROWD PRESENT
Boxing, Wrestling and Vocal
and Instrumental Selections
Entertain the Audience
The popular ''ladies* night" enter
tainment at the Olympic Club last
night brought out. a , crowd that
thronged the large gymnasium. The
programme was one c* exceptional
merit and the fair ones who were at
tracted to the home of the athlete had
a chance to divert their thoughts from
knockout punches and half .Nelsons
while the musical portion of the pro
gramme was being rendered.
Sam Berger and Harry Chester, the
heavy-weight boxers cf the club, fur
nished the main attraction in the man
ly art line. The big fellows went three
lively rounds, and the way they de
livered Imaginary finishing blows and
ducked and sidestepped wicked swings
for the jaw all seemed to amuse and
please the ladies In attendance.
The Lundle brothers— Bob and Joe-7
did a three-round stunt with the mitts,
which w.as full- of life and action. The
tiny Rittler brothers and Steve Mc-
Xally brought forth rounds of aj>plaus«
with their tumbling work on the mat.
Richard Hunt, the tenor, favored the
audience with several selections. Maude
Amber sang "Bedelia" in her own clev
er way and made a great hit with
those in attendance. She was presented
with a beautiful bouquet of pink roses
as she left the stage.
Charles Jenkins, George Hensley, B.
Riordan and -M. Veckl furnished the
wrestling attraction of the night. They
showed how the strangle hold Is ex
ecuted, and also all the other tricks
peculiar to the game. Charles Slngler
and Adclph Hanlon did some difficult
work on the Roman rings.
The Misses Pasmore won rounds of
hearty applause with their musical se
lections. One played the cello, the other
the violin, while the third performed
on the piano. George BorneHian and
William Sieberst did the comical part
of the show to perfection when they
appeared in their short sketch entitled
"Paderewski and His German Friend."
Seed Is Nature's Gem.
In nature's great treasure house the
seed is the one priceless gem. Com
pared to it the great deposits of con!.
the mines of silver and gold and of
diamonds and precious stones are as
nothing. Man counts his wealth in
dollars and cents, in mining and rail
road shares, and in houses and lands;
while his primal necessities are limit
ed to food and clothing. Without
these all other tokens of affluence are
void. These indeed are the sources of
true wealth, and the grass of the field
supplies them all directly or Indi
rectly.
The cereal grains — wheat, rye, oata,
barley, rice and Indian corn — which
are the seeds of true grasses, are con
vertible directly into food. The suc
culent leaves and culm of the wild
grasses furnish sustenance to mil
lions of cattle, sheep and goats, and
are transformed by them Into
flesh, milk, wool and hides; thus In
directly providing meat and clothing.
They also protect the soil from flood
and drought and landslide. Sendinx
"their fibrous roots down among Uv?
shifting sands of the seashore, they
bind the unstable particles into a mass
so dense as to check the erosion of
the waves. Thus grass, the synonym
of frailty, is able to raise Its tiny green
scepter against the destructive power
of the elements. — Outing.
Moving a Lighthouse 1 .
The Government is engaged in a
novel undertaking at Benton Harbor.
Mich. The lighthouse has been set on
rollers and is being moved about 1000
feet in the lake. The work was occa
sioned by the extension of the main
pier 1000 feet Into Lake Michigan, and
the lighthouse will be moved out to the
end of the pier, providing It does not
topple over and slide into the lake.
When in position it will be possible
to see the range lights from fifty to
one hundred miles along the Michigan
Shore. — Indianapolis News.
Journalism in Russia.
Newspaper work in Russia Is a
pleasant sort of life, and the Govern
ment spends more money on its press
censors than on its schools. Last year
eighty-three papers were suspended for
various periods, and twenty-six were
forbidden to accept all advertisements,
■while 259 editors were told they could
have a short vacation in Siberia if they
continued their methods of revivinjc
various public questions. A* Russian
paper is a valuable thing from a news
standpoint.— New York Tribune^
DIED.
DILLON'— In this* city. February 4. 1304.
Michael, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Dillon., and lovtng father of Tnoma*
F. Dillon and Mrs. Catherine A. Blhan. a.
native of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged
77 years. (Boston papers please copy.)
CT Relatives and friends are respectfully
lr.vltul to «tt«nd the funeral from his lat«
residence. 257 Minna street. Saturday. Feb-
ruary «. at 8:30 o'clock, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mam
•will be eelebr»t«d for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' _■■ -* ■■■
OFFICERS an>i members of the Gentlemen'*
Sodality of St. Isnatlus Church are respect-
fully requested to attend the house »ervlc»
at 7:45 o'clock. Friday evening, at his lat-
residence. 237 Minna street. By order
JAMES R. KELLY. Perfect./ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
— - ~ . .. — — * • ■ ■- ■
tefe^^^^^^i% W / It holds thc record for the greatest number of actual cures of woman's ills. This fact is attested by hundreds of thousands |§|jj
H^^l^^^^^^ *M \ f / °f lctters f rom grateful women which are on file in the Pinkham laboratory^ and which are constantly being published. jps|g
/% "^ |& ||| j § j Merit alone can produce such results. * Good advertising serves to call attention for a time, but merit alone can stand the g||
, SsiilpL -^iff/[J yilit^t Thc ablest specialists now agree that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the most universally successful remedy |||
'■■W^W All sick women should note these facts, and placing all possible prejudices aside, should realize the truthfulness of these |jg|
fl^^^F ' sM 1> \ » I Wise is the woman who has faith in. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, for health and happiness is sure to follow its use. |p
W/M lSk0 K there is anything about your illness you do not understand, Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., will be glad to receive a letter from you telling her all |g|
mfm rw *I the details.. She will send you promptly a reply which may save you years of suffering and pain. She has helped thousands of women. For all this
mm M¥* she will not charge you a cent ; besides, she will keep your letter strictly confidential Write her to-day ; don't wait. f
EXTENDS LIMIT
FOR BLASTING
Supervisors.* Committee Heeds
Stronir Protest of Residents
Against Gray Brotlfers'.Plant
The Supervisors' Street Committee
>-<»s:ter4ay reported in favor of the pas
sage _-.3f the amended ordinance extend
ing the limits within which it is pro
hibited fj.-o "carry on blasting and rock
crushing operation? so „■»* to include
Fov.ler avenue, Sussex, Hamburg and
Haveiock- Etree-ja and Flood avenue.
This will force Gray Brcs. to discon
tinue blasting gt.t Thirtieth and Cari.ro
streets™; where they have a Jbrick plant.
M. Gillogrly, representing the pro
testants, stated that a mass meeting
of 100 residents hid been h<dd lat't
Sunday and a resolution adopted op
j>o5inp the maintenance of me plant.
The Grays said the protestants wer"
mistaken as to the noise, which they
said was not caused by blasting, but
by the firing of cannon at the Presidio.
They also denied that they had prom
ised to move their plants across the
bay. Th« testimony developed that St.
Paul's Church is only fmir blocks away
from the se«fe of blasting.
Mrs. Glaser and Mrs. Wagoner of
the California Outdoor League appear
ed before the committee in support
•if its petition for the proposed park
ire and improvement of Dolores street
from Fifteenth to Seventeenth and of
Sixteenth street from Dolores to Lan-
City Engineer Grunsky spoke in "fa
vor of th<> plan, saying that in time
the charter will probably be amended
fo that the Park Commissioners will
: ik«= charge of su<-h small plats which
th» I<>a?rue proposes to construct.
The committee postponed action for
on« week, as F. \V. Van Reynegom
has a plan for the parking of Dolores
street from Frfteenth to Seventeenth
and eliminating Sixteenth street alto
gether.
The committee reported in favor of
amending ordinance No. £06 so that
vehicles will be prohibited from re
maining upon public streets after the
hour of 10 a. m.. except between the
hours of 5 p. m. and 8 p. m., when they
will be permitted to *tay temporarily
en the street*. -L
The Board of W<rrks wui requested
to report on the condition of pavements
adjacent to street-car tracks, a com
plaint thereon having "been filed by the
Pavers' Union.
The United Railroads was granted
permission to erect a waiting station
at the corner of Kansas and Seven
teenth streets.
The Sanitary Reduction Works was
granted a permit to build a spur track
on King and De Haro streets.
QI*ESTIO.VS NOT ANSWERED.
Supervisor* Want Fire Wardens to
Cctnjily With Resolution.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday notified the Fire Wardens that
they had failed to reply to certain
questions regarding the condition of
theaters, hotels and lodging-houses
contained in a resolution patsed by the
Supervisors. The Fire Wardens were re
quested to comply with the terms of
the resolution.
The committee discussed the proposed
standing in the aisles, and while some
* f the Supprvifc-rs favored the plan it
wa* decided to refer the bill to the
joint Committee on Fire and Judiciary.
The Association of Architects pre-
Ff-ntrd an amendment to the ordinance
regulating the width of exits In build
ings relative to requirements regard
ing fire escapes^ but action on the bill
v .ic postpr-ned fur one week.
One Attachment Ijrft.
Two attachments, for $706 46 and
S-461 39 respectively, on W. J. Grace
& Co.. lumber dealers, wore released
yesterday, leaving one for 18119 19
BtUl in force.
We give special :ittcntioa to prevailing
f f >rms. and cngrare visiting cards, wed
cllnp invitations and announcements
correctly and reasonably; crest and nd
orrsa dies made to order. Ssjiborn, Vail
ACCOUNTS ARE
IN BAD SHAPE
Health Board Committee Files
Report on Alleged Shortage in
Funds of the ' Almshouse
The special committee of the Health
Board, consisting of Drs. Poheim, Har
vey and Hughes, appointed to investi
gate the accounts of ex-Superintendent
Kelly of '.he Almshouse, filea a report
at yesterday's meeting of the board,
and as a result the books of the in
stitution will be exDerted.
'The committee finds after investiga
tion that "carelessness or worse seems
to have controlled the system of ac
counts of the institution." The report
continues:
In general the books are in such a state
that only an expert will be able to unravel
the mistakes and confusion. The superin
tendent has a letter on hand from Attendant
J. Cuddy, in which it if stated that Inmate
James Murphy demanded >-2 which Mr. Cuddy
paid over to Mr. Kelly for him and which
Mr. Kelly un two occasions promised to pay
later, hut as yet Mr. Murphy l.as not re
ceived his money. On the books of the in
mates' account*, and nowhere else. Is there
any account whatever of this transaction.
MIST EXPERT BOOKS.
It Is the opinion of this committee that only
a thorough exporting of the bocks will
straighten out the Almshouse accounts. We
recommend a thorough going over of ths
financial accounts of this institution.
Incidentally, your eorrmitte* has discovered
many other circumstances and conditions
whl«"h under proper reulatlor.s Fhoirfd ' not
prevail at any municipal Institution and on
these matters your committee will report
hereafter.
The apparent shortage of $72 of the
moneys tx-longing to an incompetent
inmate, Mary O'Neil. was made up by
Mrs. Kelly, who deposited the money
with Superintendent Schmitz. who ac
cepted it, without, however, the official
sanction of the committee.
The next item taken up wag the Hearst
fund, consisting of a. yearly donation of $250
to be used for the benefit of the inmates of
the Almshouse.
When ex-Assi?tant Secretary Cameron was
a?k«-<i to explain the apparent discrepancies In
the Hearst fund he protested that the board
had no Jurisdiction o\-er the ?ame, holding
that Kelly had a right to expend the money
at pleasure, without accounting to anybody, !
In spite of the fact that a partial accounting ;
had already tx-en attempted on turning over
the keys to the new euperintendent. and In
face of* the fact that the last check had been
made out to the City and County Alm«house.
NO i:iX'i:iPTS FOR MONEY.
Your committee find that the rule has been
not to give receipts for money turned over by
the Inmates to th<? superintendent for safe
keeping. The superintendent simply marked
it down In his own book. The chief clerk also
had a l>ook In whlrh the same was done. On
comparison of these books we find that many
of the accounts do not agree, as for example,
the account of Jane McOown. The superin
tendent has been unable to find any receipts
for money claimed to have been paid back to
the inmates. There are many accounts ap
parentlv closed, according to the books, but
n» receipts on file showing that any one has
received the money on inmates' account.
The Health Board complied with the
order of the Civil Service Commission
by restoring Edward Coffey to his po
sition as clerk from which he was re
moved. Percy Hennessy, who was re
tained at the time, and stands lower
on the iligible list than Coffey, was re
moved to make ropm for Coffey, though
his efficiency is recognized by the
board. Coffee's salary was fixed at
$100 per month. He formerly received
$150.
PAY OF NURSES.
The board rescinded its former action
fixing the salaries of nur«es in training
at the City Hospital at $9 per month.
1 The new schedule fixes the freshmen's
class at $8. juniors $10 and seniors $12
per month.
C. M. Cooper, M. D., was appointed tf.
! the City Hospital as visiting physician,
to have charge of the X-ray and electro
therapeutic department, without pay.
The receiving secretary at the City
Hospital was ordered to make a diag
nosis of ail cases of applicants for ad
mission to the hospital. The secretary
shall be a physician in good standing.
' This rule will prevent the restoration of
former secretary Wolf to the position.
The complaint of E. Hintz, superin
tendent of the French Cemetery, that
Cemetery Inspector Walsh jvas infring
ing on his rights in the exhuming of
bodies was referred to the health officer.
Wants Fire Truck Company.
The Point Lobos Improvement
Club has petitioned the Supervisors to
install in the Richmond district a
fully equipped fire truck company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1004
ALARM SYSTEM
FOR SCHOOLS
Board of Education Plans to
Provide Pupils AVith Every
Safeguard Against Danger
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the
Board of Supervisors to direct the
boards of Fire and Police Commission
ers, through the Chief of the Depart
ment of Electricity, to prepare plans
and estimates for the installation in
every schoolhouse and in every build
ing in which rooms are devoted to class
purposes of a uniform fire alarm sys
tem, the plans to be subject to the ap
proval of the Chief of the Fire Depart
ment, Chief of Police and the Board of
Education.
The resolution provides further that
upon the approval of plans and esti
mates the Board of Supervisors be re
quested to appropriate sufficient money
to adequately Install the uniform auto
matic fire alarm system, which will be
used only in connection with the fire
drills in the schools.-
The preamble of the resolution re
cites as follows:
The appalling tragedy recently enarfed at
the Iroijuole Theater conflagration In our sister
city of Chicago jrnt a thrill of horror through
out the civilized world; and
Subsequent investigation by the municipal
authorities of Chicago as to the causes of that
catastroph" have determined that it was at
tributed to the gross neglect of the managers
of the theater in question in observing the
municipal ordinances governing the construc
tion and management of public buildings; and
The Board of Education of San Francisco
contemplates with horror the dangers that
might ensue in thc event of fire in one of our
Fohools, and mindful of their responsiblllty.
havo d^tTmired to provide the schools with
e%'ery safeguard and protection.
Principal Bush of* the Polytechnic
High School and principals of evening
schools were directed to comply with
the rules relating to fire drills.
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Florence Martin of the day substitute
class. %
The petition of the. Preclta Valley
Improvement Club that a portable
schoolhouse be installed in the district
was taken under advisement.
Inspector Wants His Salary.
James B. Sheehy, whor after tak
ing the Civil Service examination^ was
on March 28, 1903, appointed inspector
of school buildings at a salary of $135
a month by the Board of Public
Works, yesterday filed a suit for a writ
of mandate compelling the Board of
Education to' approve his salary de
mands for the months of December,
1903, and January, 1904. Upon the
filing of the complaint, Presiding
Judgo Kerrigan assigned /he case to
Judge Hunt, who issued an order di
recting the members of the board to
appear before him on February 10 to
show cause why the writ should not be
issued. \ ,'■' '-J
Mast Get Permit for Poles.
The Supervisors' Electricity Com
mittee yesterday directed the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
in future tb secure permits when it
erects poles to carry lights. Chief
Hewitt of the Department of Elec
tricity submitted a list of five poles
for which no permits had been issued.
Policemen Entitled to Pay.
City Attorney Long advised the Po
lice 'Commission yesterday that a po
lice officer is entitled to his pay when
he is ill. whether his sickness Is con
tracted in the performance of his du
ties or not. The opinion is interesting
to city employes, as they feared the
construction of the charter section
providing that they shall be paid only
for actual service would cut oflf.vaca*"
tion leaves.
Honor for Vininjj.
Andrew Jackson Vining, clerk in
the information bureau of the post
office, was officially notified yesterday
that a commission had been issued to
him as aid de camp with the rank of
colonel on the staff of General, John
C. Black, grand commander of the'
Grand Army of the Republic. Col
onel Vining is a member of the George
H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., of this
city.
JUVENILES
TO APPEAR
IN OPERA
MITKS WHO WILL. SING AT
SOUTH PARK SETTLEMENT
JUVENILE CONCERT.
"The King's Folly" to Be
Sung at South Park
Settlement.
The South Park Settlement will give
a juvenile concert to-night in the Shaw
gymnasium, at the settlement, 86 South
Park. The little children, ranging in
age from 7 to 15 years, will take part in
Chapl'fe popular Spanish comic opera,
"The King's Folly."
The concert will be in charge of
Madam Ellen Coursen-Roeckel. The
opera has been adapted to the voices
of the Juveniles. There will be an elab
orate display of costumes. "The King's
Folly" will be, preceded by a number of
grand opera scenes taken part In by
the little ones In costume.
t The affair promises to be attractive
and will prove a great success. The
cast and scenes of the opera are as fol
lows: •
King (alternating). Maria Rocckel and Erlo
Davis; Rosa (alternating). Kstella Mlleovlch,
Elizabeth Davis and May Mlleovlch ; general.
Peplto Ferrando; chamberlain. Eva Ancion;
governor, Irtr.e Scott; admiral. ■ Marie Cauia
vielle; captain. Josephine Smith; Maria (wife
of Juan). Esther Freshman; Juan, Lillian
Relneger; alcalde, Philip. Llndenbaum; flnt
villager "Martin Mlleovlch; second villager,
Ganahl McMurray; sentinel. Peter Bolger; Lo
renzo Isabel Whiuker; German (page to th«*
king),' Maude Stelling; pages — Marguerite
Sch'.egel. Elsa Koepke. Lillian Chapdelalne
and Sarlta Madero; Jeremiah (Jealous krrer of
Rosa). Mario Roeckel; villagers, doctors, sol
diers, etc.
Act I— Opening chorus (welcome to king):
couplets of the king: resignation quartet, gen
eral governor, admiral and chamberlain;
"Pastoral," king, chamberlain and admiral:
laughing quartet, king, general, admiral and
chamberlain: chorus' and alcalde's song; quar
tetto king, Rosa, Jeremiah and general;
chorus of merrymakers; finale of act I.
Act II — "Arietta," Rosa; "Mazurka," solo
and chorus of harvesters; "Raconto. "Jere
miah; qulntetto.. king, general, captain, gov
ernor and Maria. ...
Act III— Pages' chorus (four eolo voice*),
words by Ellen Coursen-Roeckel; doctors'
choru9, words by Dr. Frank Fischer: trio,
king Rosa and Jeremiah; finale. "Long Live
the King."
Engineer Suspended.
William C. Bryan, third engineer
of the steamship Korea, was. suspend
ed for thirty days yesterday by Unit
ed States Local Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger 'for having been intoxicated
on board the steamship while at
Hongkong on January 26. The com
plaint was filed by Chief, Engineer
Paul Rossi ter of the Korea.
CHAN'S YOUNG
WIFE UNHAPPY
Appeals to Court to Annul
the Bonds Uniting Her to
Young Chinese Native Son
Grace Catherine Chan Ah On, a Chi
nese girl who in March of last year
became the wife of Chan Ah On, a
young Chinese Native Son, has tired
of life as a matron and wants the bonds
annulled. She filed a suit for that
purpose yesterday, alleging as cause of
action that when she became his wife
she was only 17 years of age, and did
so without the consent of her parents
or guardian. She charges that, though
her husband well knew because of his
birth here that a marriage to a minor
was illegal, he kept the knowledge from
her and by falsely representing to her
that there was no obstacle to their
union prevailed upon her to become his
bride.
Marguerite Dickinson Booker, who
was married to Ernest F. Booker at Ju
neau, Alaska, in 1889, has sued for a
divorce on the ground of desertion. She
charges that Booker left her three
months after their marriage. Intem
perance is alleged in the complaint for
divorce filed by Giuseppa Protomastro
against Mary Protomastro, and in the
action commenced by J. J. Taylor
against O. M. Taylor desertion is
charged.
Attorney J. H. Meredith yesterday
filed notice that he would represent
James C. Dunphy in the divorce pro
ceedings brought against him by Edith
Dunphy.
The suit for divorce of Trinlta C.
Brewer against W. W. Brewer was
partially heard by Judge Murasky yes
terday and continued until the 18th.
The plaintiff and defendant are New
York stage people. Mrs., Brewer, be
fore leaving here for New York, Insti
tuted the suit on the ground of deser
tion.
Judge Hebbard granted Viola Rodg
ers an interlocutory decree of divorce
from Joseph J. Rodgers. The suit was
Instituted by Rodgers, but he did not
prove his charge that she spent too
much time running about with other
men. Mrs. Rodgers, however, fur
nished ample evidence that Rodgers
has deserted her, as she charged in
her cross complaint.
Divorces for desertion were also
granted to Richard S. Northey J from
Anita Northey, Kate C. Bailey from
John J. Bailqy and A. B. Saunders
from M. B. Saunders.
Mayor Means to Fight.
The officials of the- Humane Society
received word yesterday from Secre
tary George Keane that Mayor
Schmitz would not approve the bond
of Charles Holbrook as Poundmaster.
The reasons given are that the office
was not vacant and that the charter
does not allow the appointment of a
society to any position. The Humane
Society people are undecided just
what steps to take to secure the place
to which they have been formally ap
pointed by the Board of Supervisors.
Irwin still claims to be Poundmaster.
Involuntary Insolvency.
Hooper & Jennings, Levi Strauss &
Co. and the Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
«ien Company filed a petitio'n yester
day in the United States District
Court to declare the Coos Bay Mill and
Lumber Company an involuntary
bankrupt. It is alleged that that com
pany on January 30 last committed
an act of insolvency by admitting in
writing that it was unable to pay its
FREE! FREE!
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTIFUL SOUVENIR
OF -SAN FRANCISCO, ME-
..TROPOIilS OF THE
WINTERL.ESS
S LAND.
■Free to Want Advertisers
IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL.
In an envelope ready for mail-
ing. ■
ASK CONGRESS
FOR MAIL TUBE
Commercial Bodies of City Ask
for Better Mail Transmission
Through Business Section
Resolutions have been adopted by all
the commercial organizations of the
cfty urging the adoption of the pneu
matic tube service for mail delivery in
San Francisco. A copy of the resolu
tions has been sent to each of the Cali
fornia Senators and Representatives in
Congress. The signers of the resolu
tions for the organizations are: Presi
dent Frank J. Symmes of the Mer
chants' Association, President George
A. Newhall of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce. President A. A.
Watkins of the San Francisco Board
of Trade, Vice President E. W. Hop
kins of the Merchants' Exchange and
President N. P. Chipman and Manager
Arthur R. Briggs of the State Board
of Trade.
In addition to these signatures Post
master Fisk added at the bottom of the
page bearing the resolutions the fol
lowing over his name: "The installa
tion of this system will undoubtedly
furnish a quick and reliable means of
mail transportation."
The resolutions are preceded by a
preamble, in which reference is made,
to the fact that a commission appoint
ed by the Postmaster General has made
recommendations for a pneumatic tube
service for the transmission of mails
after taking into consideration the bus
iness of eleven cities, including San
Francisco. The essential part of the
recommendation contained in the reso
lutions is in a repetition of the report
of a special commission relative to the
tube service in San Francisco as fol
lows:
Th* situation is therefore most opportune
for the Inauguration of a pneumatic tube ser
vice on Mission street Irom the. new gen
eral Fostofflce. via Station K, to Station D
and the railroads at Market-street ferry — a.
distance of 1.5© miles — and on Third street to
Station E and the trains at the Tbird and
Townsenrt street depot. The latter line can
be provided for from Station K,- the Interme
diate station on the main route from the gen
eral Postofflce to Station D, which Is now Jo
cated on New Montgomery street, near Mis
ylon. but on which a change in location to
Mission stre«t in that \-iclnlty is under con
sideration, and the distance on that line will
bo about one ml^ The two lines of tubes),
involving 2.50 miles, are recommended. It be
ing jur belief that its introduction will pro
vide a quick and reliable mail service between
the points named, which is actually demanded
by present conditions, and which are certain
to become more pressing in the- near future.
An appropriation for the tube service
In this city is urged upon Congress at
?ts present session.
threatens the life
of jasper . McDonald
Former Park Commissioner Swears
Out a Warrant for the Arrest of
William J. Bell.
Jasper McDonald, ex-chairman of
the Democratic County Committee
and ex-Park Commissioner, swore to
a complaint before Police Judge Caba
niss ' yesterday charging William J.
Bell with threats against life. The
warrant was handed to Detectives
O'Dea and Mulcahy, who began a
search for Bell.
Bell was employed as a painter in
Golden Gate Park and was discharged
while McDonald was a Park Com
missioner. About four months ago
Bell met McDonald on Market street,
and after asking .him if he could give
him a job at painting some of his
houses suddenly called McDonald vile
names, and said he would meet him in
the Western Addition some night and
cut his throat from ear to ear.
McDonald paid no attention to
Bell's threat, but when he met Bell
at Montgomery and Bush streets on
Wednesday afternoon and Bell made
the same threat he telephoned to Cap
tain Martin and was advised to swear
out the warrant for Bell's arrest. Mc-
Donald says he is a/raid Bell will
harm him. The painter believes Mc-
Donald was the cause of his discharge
from the park.
Palm Loses on ApncnJ.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Jennie M. Heaton was en
titled to administer the estate of
W. D. Heaton. Charles W. Palm, who
wished to be administrator of the es
tate himself, presented the appeal.
TREES COVER
A GOLD LEDGE
Remarkable Discovery Is Re
ported in One of the Mines
Near Famous 3Iokclumne Hill
MOKELUMNE HILL, Feb. 4.— In the
Kaiser and Magulre mine <>n French
Hill, a suburb of this town, prospectors
found a four-ounce nugget o* gold.
To this chispa, particies of quartz, ad
hered, which goes to show that a shoot
of quartz of fabulous richness must
exist there.
This mlrle is contiguous to the old
placer mine which made Mokelumne
Hill famous in the early history of
California, when gold was carried into
town by the panful. This snot unrii
recently was covered by thick trees
and consequently escaped exploration
by prospectors. .
In a single pan at the Stockton Hill
mine in the townsite to-day half an
ounce was realized.
ADVHF.TISSME2ITS.
r .'.'/ Printing
y . and
W Developing
AT CUT RATES.
My work in this lln« is well known to
be high grade. I do a larger out-of-town
business In developing and printing than
anybody on the coast. I »m able to ob-
tain the Vewt possible results In developln<
either elates or films. Here are a few of
my prices:
DEV2LOPIHG. pxrwrara.
Roll or 6 IOcISoIM finish.. 3c to Re
Roll of 12 ISciVelox finish. .Sc to 6c
I carry In stork all sizes of films for
kodak*. Size, lVxSi,, a exposures. 13c—
12 exposures. 25c: si2e 2i;x:SH, 6 ex-
posures. 2f>c — 12 exposures. 40c: size. 2Hx
4*.i. 6 exposures. 23c — 12 exposures, 60c
Other sizes at equally low prices.
THAT MAN PlTTS
F. \V. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MAKXET ST.. Above Powell. >
San Francisco.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat, '
4HUSEUH OF AHATOHYi
0 C& 15aKAXXKJ?.Ui.8A*?A,8.r.C»l.j I
\ XjF The Larrest Aaatomica! Mutna In »he
A jAi' World. V.'eaknctve? or *.\y cuuncted I I
6 5vt?5S) dis-ne psaltlvrly rarmlhy thr oldest
fgjf HI Speaaliu an the Coic Esc 3* yean. O
A Jtftf A DR. JUROAN-DISEASES Or MEM A
\ 7$£2?9h Comultmon free »nJ strictly priTW!. \
O 1 J&Ct If Trsitaofnt per*>n»li» or hr letter. A M
T fl <T <3 s fvitn* CW. iarrcrjr cue aademkes. T
API Il0 Writ* for &?ok. PHILOHUPBTafi
/ • :J |l~ HAKRMCE, MAILED FKE5. Uf
X ii ii ▼■luabla book for mm) - \
£ DB.JOBDA.1 *«"».. IC31 Market St.. 9. F. V
DDTTClirC FOR BARBERS. BA-
uiiwuiiuw bouse*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*, candy ie * k "* M ca fL n *£*
dyers, flour mills, foundries. I""*?**. paper-
hiniers. printer*. painters. » h ~ ff" 0 .*'*
MabUmen. tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors. «tc
BTTCKAZTAS BBOS,
Brast Mann*actarw». 603 3*crumtnto St. j
y<3».DEWEY.STffflf<6&C0.^?g^> ,
Jrv r> a *v* tr Evi TT Ci 3
MARKrrsr sTVSSSr
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Fries Lists Mails X
v on Application.
FESSE AZTD SALT MEATS.
I1C DAVCC X- Ct\ Shipping liutchers. 101
JAS. HU I C3 & tU. Clay. T«l. Main 1294.
OIXS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front *.. S. F. Phon* Main 171ft.
LCHUOBES, «u sSSZTE a. r/
1112
A SOUVENIR Or SAN FRANCISCO, METROPOLIS OT' THE!
THB e J§fCUiLi
•oits E. SPBTCgELH, Proprietor.
1 1 CcE-ii_g!i:51^rHc!iAUGETJKi_iger
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk far THE CALL. The Operator Will Ccn-
r.rct You With the Department You W lsh.
r-.:Mlcatlon Offlct Market and Third. B. F.
EOltottal Room 217 to 221 Stevenson Et
I>e!ivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct_ Per Baontb. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : __
r-AILY CALL.c'nclud. Sunday). 1 year..$9.0J>
DAILY CAI-L dnclud. Sunday). C mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By find? Month > c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.jO
WEEKLX CALL. \ Year i0 °
rnnrirv r Dally.. $S.8O Per Year Extra
Sample Ccrles will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
K_fl subscriber* in crderim: chanre of aflh
«!ress •hou'.d bt particular to eive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRES3 In order to nsure a
prompt and correct compliance with ttelr re-
QUBtt.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
a« Cester Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
_A_~U_1. W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. B^ff?* 31
Ccion Square: Murray Hill. Hotel; Flftb-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House. 1
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fhermtn House: P. O. News Co.: Gr»at
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROiNESS-.Marquette H? 1 '".'"*
tLcr.g Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune B— OOlBC
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
E'SINEFP OFFICE of the San Francisco
• 'all. corner Market and Third ptreets; open
until 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
Z<ys Market nrrtt. opposite Fifth: T>en until
11 p. m.
K7 M'tnotecmery etreet. corner Clay; open un-
til »:30 p. m.
"'"• Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
03* McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
«;5 Larkin stfvt: open ur.til i»:30 p. m.
Iv-tl Mission etreet; 6tv=m until 10 p. ta.
1_G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til '.< r>. m.
1<VS Eleventh strict: or^n until 9 p. m.
1O!«5 V_!*>ncia street: op*-n until 0 p. m. v
Nonh<«!>t comer Church and Duncan 6treets;
■••pen until U n. in.
Vnvthwciit corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
rurtry str'ft?: r>r*>n until 9 p. m.
CT ■""• ntimore stn-ot: pnen until 9 r>. m.
M EETI \ G ?i OTICBS.
CALIFORNIA Commacdrry No. 1. K .
Rrgv .■ ...-■ mbij THIS EVEN- Tajp
L*jG at 7:3fi. <Td<>r of Temple. All tj
fiatfrs rnurtcr>us!y invited. «/
TH«"»MAS II. BBOWXE. fom. "
T. L. HENDERSON, Rf«-order.
PACIFIC Iv^.co No. 136. F~and A. g>
M.. Masonic Temple- -Ptatfd meeting yv
THlh EVENING. 7:30. /V\
GEORGE 1'ENLINGTOX, Sec.
___6 IOJC Lodpe No. MB. F. and A. M. »
— Officer* and members are hereby "vVf
notified to ati^n.1 the funeral of our A/S
flf-^asofi r-mtl-.T. HENRY HITCH- *
OOX. irom the hal! of this lodge. FRIDAY
AFTERNOON at 1 :*<» o'clock, ny order of
;h<> W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary .
I-ORIC Lodp* No. 21fi. F. and A. M^ m
officers snd members are notified to "vSf
attend the funeral of our deceased /\f\
brrth^r. JOSEPH LEVY. THIS iFRI-
I»AYV 9-JSO a. m. Ry orW of thf» Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
AI'OLLO Lodp* No. 123. I. O. O. .sj^M-fc.
V". — First <lsi» deprw THIS >5FjE_5S?fe
FRIDAYl NIGHT. Feb. .".. Mo- B
rfnririnl Hal'.. 8 o'clock sharp. "-XiT.VS^
Visitors welco— •«•.
GEORGE C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. NORCR<»SS. Recording Secretary.
PRESIDIO LMf> No. 334. I. O. „>«&■*«.
<"». F.— Initiation THIS (FRI- -«_BSkf&.
DAY! EVENING. Feb. 5. Vis-^^rSSEJie
tors welcome. ""'-«Wf^«~
ANDREW NORIN. N. G.
W. |1. FHARPE. Secretary.
~~~~~- ~-~
■ BAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 1R. ./E£3?_V
K <■ - M :;.■;< -a THIS /*?+ '***5\
■ ' . m EVENING, at 3 /*S3~7T^J4
t o'clock. Pumeer Hall, 21 I?VJ TV
D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Keeper.
REGULAR matins of the Caledonian v C7 »-
I Club THIS EVENING at & o'clock 3* H^'?
Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin et. TVXSi?
A. ML. MA'PHERPON Chief.
JA5v H. DUNCAN. P*v-retsry.
THE er.r.ual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company cf California
wi:i be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building.' City anl County
of San Francisco. State of California on
MONDAY, the Mh day of February 1&04 at
th* hour cf 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose
cf electing directors for the ensuing year
end the transaction o? such other business as
ma* come before said meeting. Dated at
Fan Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1004 &.
D FRESHMAN. Secretary. '
ANNUAL Meeting— The reruiar annual meet-
ln« of the stockholders of the Matson Navi-
gation Company will be held at the offlce of
the company. :>27 Market st.. San Francisco
Cal.. or, THURSDAY, the 11th day of Februl
ary. lf>O#< at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
the r-trpose of electing a board of directors
\o wrve for the «-nsuir.g year and the trans-
action cf such ether business as may come
belore the meeting.
, GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C par**, sent to any address In the
ITrltfi Ft*tes or Canada one year for SI.
AGE\TS WASTED.
WANTED — Agents and representatives of good
a.idres" for a large financial institution;
building end loan and insurance men can
"«sl]y make from $200 to $3CO per month.
<"a!l or write Secretary room 200, 713 Mar-
ket et., San Francisco.
LADY agents wanted to take orders for our
high-gra'Je F ilk waists: pleasant and profit-
able tmploymer.t. fall bet. 2:30 and 5 p.
*n.. W. STYAN & CO.. E1O Taylor St.
ADVEETIEEUSKT WKITIBTO.
HAVING recently acquired through
« cf property three $4d scholarships in th« best
P College of Advertising In the United States,
1 wHI sell them at 25 per ont discount for
«s_b; the ccllt-ge teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to fecure positions; cataloe-ues fnr-
r!gh*-4 on application. A-^rr-ss box .'KgC. Call.
ATTORXRVf-AT-LAW.
W. II. BITTNEIt. T*
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phcne South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building
rivorces quietly and legally obtained" for
eight causes; damaireB secured for Injuries to
j-rj-on or estate; replevins for proj»erty un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garr.ish-
n.er.ts for defct*; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
• proceeding!: wills probated; estates smied;
ccl'.tctior.e made in all parts of the U. S.
A IT.IVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
flee tee and sai-e money; no i>ay in advance
O. W. HGWH. ATTORNny-AT-LAW
i:*-.£b!ished 22 yrs.: ras. 1. 2. :i. 4 & B. 1st fl.
Il_! Market el., between Mascn p.rd Taylor!
Ailvlee free all natters. Detectives employed.
Tl W. KING. A«torsey-at-Law. E^nm. bldg.,
«i'.h Soor. entrance rocm Pit; established 20
yccre; all cases; general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In -advance or for consultation;
cvcn!::gs by appointment. Tel. Red 30C1.
ADVICE free — I v.ill advance cost in m«rftori-
<.-us catft: divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fers in advance; open every even-
r.g. J. U. THUBSTON. 610 Market St.. r. 31.
' ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Hoori t>5. 9i6 Market «.; tel. John C22&
lilVCRCE-^Ccsts. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; o;jen cv«-Rine_ 927 Market et.. r. 301.
L. C. CLARIC, C27 Market et.; consultation
free; no fees In cdvancc: open evenings.
ninps. noes, etc. .
Selling out Roller Canary Birds, males and fe-
males: Goldfinch Canary mules. 31C8 ICth st.
COttJttWOyiJOTTlCIZL
BAD tenants ejected for fi: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
f '»- 413 licr.tc<-aerj-. rooms 9-10; til. tMS.
BCSI?fESS CHAXCES.
A— $5000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment In Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $7u and a flm-class paying 1 business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. "vVILKE. 2G',<i Kearny et.
A — $1200; PARTNER wanted in coffe* waloon
and rwitaurant. few doors from Market Ft.;
a well-t'aylr.K business clearing about $300
per ir.cnth, only reason for owner to take a
partner are the long hours for him; he needs
a cood upsiblant. Call R. G. WILKE. 20H
Kearny »t.
A— ?12C<0: BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
presenMJwner 17 years; bakes 4^i barrels
per day; dally tales $46; living rooms. Call
R. U. ' WILKE. 1'6^ Kearny »t.
A— $3500— The leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladles; a flrst-claes paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— fl2.%0— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
iRrge stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sisht; a Eplendld offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
X— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location In the Mission. See R. Q.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A^-$2200; BALOON. with leaae, estab. year*;
vicinity Fourth ftt. Market and Stockton;
place epeaks for Itself; all particular*. R. Q.
WILKE. 2*V» Kearny St.
A— $8500; CORNER #aloon In wholesale dis-
trict: 7 years' l^aae: establ. 30 years: clear,
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKB. 2«H
Kearny Bt. ' >
A— J32S0: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte: t>atronl*ed by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on sick bed. otherwise $700o
would not buy the business: lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearay Bt.
A— $4000; CORNER French liquor store, with
le_*e; large cellar; card and private rooms;
kept by owners for years: fullest tnvestlca-
tlon solicited. See R. G. WILKE, 26H
Ke-rny st. '
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nlfhed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife easily can
rioar $100 per month. Particulars R. G.
W I LKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
_— $3000; HOTEL with SO rooms. 45 beds: bar,
dining and reading rocms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 mil** from this city: place clears
$300 Der month. See R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny *t.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chot) houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to J2&00
Rarber rhoos $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groccrlea and bars $500 to $5000
Paloon* $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $3$rt to $20,000
FruU and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drugstores $20n0 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
FOR *ale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In CaL; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg houe? or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for maklnc own candles; established S
years; clearing over $200 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale — One of the b*-st restaurants in city;
cheap rent: rw»ipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. .*. Eddy Ft.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Theme Fclsom 1S46.
BUSINESS AGENT.
B17 Market Ft., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN* EVENINGS.
A — $100; CIGAR stand, transfer corner; good
Ftnrk *in<i fixtures; rent $8. Only with
BROOKBANK.
A— $S50; CIGAR stand; Market st., near Call
bide; daily receipts $25; lease. Brookbanfc.
A— $,"00; BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
can-lies, rljrarF. tobaccos; receipts $12 daily;
6 fura. living rms.; rent (20. BROOKBANK.
A— $350; PARTNER~in ~wcl7~esTat7i^e^l)fflce
business; no experience required; this is a
fine chance for party who is satisfied with
$100 mcr.th: Investlpate. See BROOKBANK.
A — BRANCH bakery, candles, notions, etc:; 3
furn. livin* rms.: make offer. BROOKBANK.
A — fri2."l: CIGAR stand; near Market; best lo-
cat'on: large stock; laundry pays rent. See
BROOKBANK.
_— f700; 11 ROOMS, nicely furnished; Al lo-
cation: rent $40; part cash, balance time-.
Sw BROOKBANK. 017 Market st.
YOU CAN DOUBLE $10,000 IX CO DAYS.
AN Eastern bookmaker experienced in all
details of the buslaesa, but with too small a
capital to operate successfully r.n the race
track, desires to meet a gentleman with
alcove amount of cash: can take an active
part .is cashier or remain silent In the
business and a statement will be rendered
after each day's business. February and
March J.eir.g the best season for bookmaklr.g
en the San Francisco rac«» track. I can as-
sure nn investor that from $20,000 to $50,000
can be cleared In the next <>0 days. Only
those who mean business nnd have the ready
carh need answer, as do not wish to waste
time only with those meaning business:
hlphept refpronoe as to responsibility and
Integrity furnished. Box 3284, Call office.
Ol'R new "Duplex-Pcale System"! won over 200
lier cent in the past 22 day? on Frisco races;
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and investigate: explana-
tion free to recular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this Fvs_m for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for our Handicap sheet?, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
A^ 2 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling ■'-hepje, but a reuutable. established
business enterprise in Fan Francisco; cleared
fC'.CH'O last year on $KX).0f:0 capital; stock
incr-rastfd $20,000 to enlarge r'lant; call or
write for particulars.
_CT'RMAN]j^INVKST. CO.. 027 Market at.
BUTCHER shop; established business; all
the fixtures, horses and carts, etc. ; pood
trade: best stand In the Mission; will sell
reasonable on account of private reasons.
Address for particulars, box 999. Call.
FOR sale — Largest tailoring establishment In
Eureka; complete 6tock, all new goods; store
fixtures and workship, implements; well es-
tablished business; beet location. Address J.
T. ENGLISH. 218 F st.. Eureka, Cal.
$175 — WANTED active young man for plain
work: eld est. firm; $75 month; steady place;
no experience necessary. New Vork Business
Exchange. 33 Mason st., near Market.
FOR SALE^ — Feed and potato business In the
thriving city of Napa; on main etreet;
owner must go East at once. Address P. O.
box 204. Napa.
AN energetic young man with capital and
business experience desires to acquire an In'
terest in some mercantile or manufacturing
business. Box 3286, Call office.
$200— PROVISION and dairy produce etore;
south Market; nr. City Hall; running order;
living rooms, gas, water, yard; good stand;
rent $12. Box 658. Call office.
FOR SALE — Restaurant with bar attached. In
Alameda County. In a good, lively town;
has a fine trade: established about 4 years.
Box 873, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for eale In leading hotel of
email Interior city of California; good trade;
hotel trade alone pays well. Address box
5C5. Call once.
DENTAL student wanted as partner In, o!d-
cslabllEhed city office; must have some
means; good references given and expected.
Box t<22. Call.
WANTED — By a man with experience to go
in with a hustling real estate firm. Address
box 051. Call.
AN elderly gentleman (German) with a few
hundred dollars to invests would like light
work. Address R. HUBER. SOGC 25th st.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen; clears $200
monthly; rr-nt $20; 3 living rooms: big yard;
lease worth $2500; make offer. 2S31 Mission.
PATING candy and icecream parlor and
bakery at Lortn station. South Berkeley.
MRS. ALTBAYER.
$1SOO— FOR sale, fully equipped bakery, deli-
catetsen combined; daily receipts $28; choice
location; low rent. 715 McAllister st. ~\l,- '>
BOOK, notion and stationery store on a prin-
cipal etreet near Market: 4 living rooms
attached ; rent low. Box 042. Call offlce.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; newly fur-
niEhed: lease; low rent; location good. Box
000. Call offlce.
TOR EALE — Butcher shop and all appliances
on business street in good locality; buyers
only. Box 935. Call offlce.
FOR SALE: — $650; restaurant, seating capac-
ity £6; good locality for trade; 15c meals;
rest low; 4 living rooms. Box 351, Call.
STATIONERY and cigar store near Market
Ft., on a business street; established 10
years. Inquire box 782. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant to rent: furnished;
running: 37 Fifth st. Apply 829 Mission.
FOR caJe — Reasonable, laundry route with
hone and wagon. Apply 1614 Green st.
FOR cole — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526, Call offlce.
CIGAR stand for sale on Montgomery at.;
location AL . Box CIS. Call offlce.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Continued.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $2500, part cash; corner
ealcon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business. $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL _
CARROLL. 212 Kearny et.
FOR SALE — Restaurant in Berkeley; good lo-
cation. Address box 624. Call offlce. -~
FOR SALE — Cigar stand; good business lo-
cation: south of Market st. Box 530. Call.
HORSESHOEING and blacksmith shop; cheap
rent. Broderlck et.. near Geary.
$1050; investigate; well mocked, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devlsadero.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for i.he reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. _^^
IvODGIXG-HOUSESS FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON &~Co] ~^honTltouth~10pbT
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting'; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged, to leave
city.
80 rooms; rent $35; fine location; all on 2
floors; 8 years' leaee; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient home; caa clear $100 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
fi rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 8
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $186; flrst-claes condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, blrdseyo maple furni-
ture; extra, tine carpets: dears $70; price
$1800; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms; rent $S5; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $1500.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing 1400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
IS rcoms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$C00 down, balance 1V4 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
7-room, new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $45; price $550.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
9-room, new, modern flat: 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; at bargain;
sickness.
90 rooms; part offices; elepant new building
and furniture; high class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
cennection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
S6-room family hotel; bon ton location; flno
lease; clearing ?.">0O to $000 r-er month; always
full; part ca&h; balance time; owner elck abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price 1750.
126 room*; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular rocrncrs; will bear investigation. ■
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, talance on install-
ments.; price $800.
2." rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newiy painted and papered; clearing $S0
month; part cash; mutt leave city; $1550.
7-room fiat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $'ir>0.
. 72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building,
ewell family hotel: beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $000 p°r month; every room full: will stand
the strictest investigation; location unsur-
passed.
19 rocms: rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished m-w in June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oat
furniture, Axrr.ins.KT carretE; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per menth ; part cash, balance time.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg.. cor. Third and Market.
Fine front offices, directly over entrance.
Take elevator to fourth floor; phone Black
3U07.
Title abstract free with each and every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
UNEQUALLED terms; $400 down secures a 21-
rocm loilKing-house, '.'> blocks of Market;
whole price only $l?.00; we lend you the
talance, to be paid In installments: rent
only $f,0 and clears $70 per month. MARION
GKIFFIN, room 4CG Examiner bldg.
IMPORTANT: If you have $1500 to $2000 In
gold coin It will be worth your while to in-
vestigate; this 44-room downtown transient
house, said to be clearing $400 to $G00 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Ex-
aminer bldg.
PICK UP this 12-room house; full of steady
roomers: no room rented for less than $10;
all lar^e rooms; will seH out for $500; 6ee
my agent. MARION CJKIFFIN.
SPLENDID 48-room apartment house on sun-
ny *1de, north of Market -and on street car
crossing: electric elevator; electric lights;
long lease: monthly profit steadily, $222.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40C Examiner bldg.
HAVE you furniture for 21 rooms and some
money? Investigate this 44-room house, with
21 ur.fumithed; electric lights, leaae, etc.
Call on MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate
agent.
A— $3CX0 PROFIT yearly and accurately kept
book*-; house has a wide reputation through
the State and the roomers are mostly law-
yers, merchants and bankers from country
towrs; lease; elevator: 00 big rooms, ele-
gantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN,
room 406 Hearst bids.
SWELL house near Sutter and Larkln; kitch-
en, dining-room, yard; 17 rooms: quiet, se-
lected rocmere. MARION GRIFFIN, room
400 Examiner bldsr.
SNAP— $1500 — 45 rooms; NEW house: NEW
furniture; 29 furnished. 16 unfurnished; rent
$2 room: lease 3 years; 3 blocks of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 4C6 Examiner bide.
OWNER sick and gone to the country; 16-
room corner flat, north of Market: rent $25;
price $<;00. See MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW 6 months ago; 24 rooms; central; this
house will suit any one who wants a down-
town house, clearing about $163. MARION'
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldff.
SWELL apartment house of 103 rooms, mag-
nificently furnished and full of nice people;
long lease; clears $408 per month. MARION
GRIFFIN, room 40G Examiner bldtr. '
REWARD^-Qulte liberal reward will be paid
any one who will find nn ounce of dirt in
my 14-room house, clearing $52 per month;
worth $800; price cut to $550. My agent,
MARION GRIFFIN, will lend you part of
the money. Better see him.
IDEAL, private boardlng-houne of 38 rooms,
located In the most aristocratic section. Just
couth of Nob Hill; steadily clears $225 per
month, as my bank book will enow; all
sunny rooms; it Is essential that I sell on
account of ill-health: price $4000; easy
terms: MAKE OFFER to my sole agent,
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner
bulldirr. .
$700 — A NEWLY furnished flat of 10 . rooms '
and bath: full of roomers: rent $55; central;
privilege of buying 7 rooms adjoining. 816B
Larkln st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
CORNER house. CO rooms; always full; rent
$215 per month; Income $475 per month;
will sell for $4500. Box 577. Call offlce.
LODGING-HOUSE on Kearny St.. close to
Market. Box 6CS. Call offlce.
A WEEK'S news for 5 c^nts— The Weekly Call.
10 pace?, in wrarr>er 'or mnlllnr. $1 per year.
CAKPiaT jnKA^lXO AX!) .CpKAXIXO.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
a. V. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main C237.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with ycur work
Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40..
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison et. ; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating-; mat-
tresses made over. J432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet C'eanine Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Ma'.P 331. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlron st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S SuDerior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 23.
I|A SOUVENIR OF SAN' FRANCISCOll
I METROPOLIS OP THE WINTERLESS LAND 1 3
i 1 — — • — j i
I . Ill Want Advertisers Next Sunday . . . |
rt __________________________________________________________________ ————————————— <r>
I ARE YOU LOOKING TOR A POSITION? |
1 DO YOU WANT HELP? j
f [ Tfe Calf Wiff Hefp You Find What- You Want |
8 Tell your wants In the next Sunday Call and you will bo speaking g
» • direct to over 85,000 regular subscribers to that popular and valuable «
i$ . . . advert Lslnj; medium. It is safe to figure on an average of three readers g
$ to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to 255,000 per- Q
Q. sons, most of whom are home people and consequently a well-to-do and g
C£ a desirable class of our community to consider in locating your wnnts and g
§ ad\erti?ing your wares. • • «
§ , TO EVERY WAXT ADVERTISER — The Call, ever on the alrrt to offer . S
O its patrons a valuable and instructive premium, has had prepared especially O
« for its want ad. patroas next Snndny n beautiful souvenir of San Fran- 8
§ cisco and environments, consisting of the following illuminated halftones g
M shown on a very fine quality of book paper and neatly bound: CLIFF w
S HOUSE AND BEACH. SEAIi ROCKS XEAU CUFF HOUSE. SEALS ON* §
8 SEAL ROCKS, PARAPET AT SUTRO HEIGHTS. SUTItO BATHS. EX- > &
« TERIOR AND INTERIOR VIEWS; THE GOLDEN GATE, FORT POINT W
S LOOKING ACROSS THE GOLDEN GATE, THE UNION FERRY DEPOT, <>
O. -v ALCATRA7/ ISLAND, MARKET STREET EAST FROM SPRECKELS 8
« . CAFE, THE HALL OF JUSTICE FROM PORTSMOUTH SQUARE, A g
S GENERAL VIEW OF THE CITY FROM HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE. g
S MARKET. STREET LOOKING WEST. MARKET STREET WEST «
g FROM SPRECKELS CAFE, CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND, GOLDEN g
ij GATE PARK, AND MARKET STREET LOOKING EAST. d
5 THIS SOUVENIR WILL MAKE A FINE COMPANION TO "GREET- £
X INGS FROM CALIFORNIA," ISSUED AS A WANT AD. PREMIUM LAST 8
3 SUNDAY, and will undoubtedly prove equally as popular a gift to all who K
£f are interested in the Metropolis of the Wlnterless l and. p
« : $
« • . p
I "I ■ -8
p ; ~""~~ - ~ . 8
•A : : p,
g These Premiums will be distributed Next Thursday, Friday and Saturday at The Call Business $
§ Office, Third and Market Streets; at Pitts' Branch Office, 1008 Market Street, ft
6 and 1118 Broadway, Oakland. p
£► % - _ •>"•■ ... ... S
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
peace with the ono you love; readings by
mail most satisfactory, $2; readings dally.
$1; developing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 502
Eddy «t. :.*:■-,■:'■ :i
A— MRS. CRIXDLE. materializing sceance Fri-
day evening. 50c. 32S Ellis st.; 8 o'clock.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night. 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve., 25c; read, daily. 34 Cth.r.8.
MRS. KOTTER circle every night: 10c; devel -
oping circle Mon. eve.; tit, daily. 43 Sixth.
PP.OF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoya'nt and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve.,
25c; eit. dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 097.
EDWARD EARLE, 1002 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
A BIG READING FOR A SMALL FEE.
$1. $1. 11; $1— THIS WEEK— $1. $1. $1. »1-
TAUL. DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
T^e future can be told-
FREE FREE FREE
If not correct.
He will tell your name, occupation and what
• you want to know, '
Or charge you not one penny.
This Is honest, is It not?
He will tell all about your business, family
and love affairs, whom and when you, will
marry: how to restore health and lost vKal-
lty; how to be successful; he Insures you suc-
cess or iliarr.es nothing- for hla services.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday ,2 to 6.
320 O'Farrell St.: 32c
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business .medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the pa3t. reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, cr not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
■ how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tei. Black 4369.
1SMAH. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
rn. to 5 p. m.: readings by mail aa satlsfac.
tory as In person; a questions answered. $1;
full llle. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; ■ just returned from long ab-
sence. 40U Geary St., near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H.. KRONENBERG, palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. .» 4th St., near Market.
A — GO to Mrs. Dr. Gordon, Scotch seeress, and
know the truth. 108 Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card • reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 2.'5% Cth: 1 a. 25c. g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
, 26H Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c.
CI.AIHVOYAXTS — Con 1 1 n ued.
MISS M. WILLE, crystnl seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 Ihia week only. 400 Geary.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings daily; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m. ; 25c up. 3S McAllister.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 017 Market, rms.
11-12; trives datos, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAH, younir gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; I. £Oc. g. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.avj
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44R>i Jessie St.. bet. 6th and fith.
CPS-S RUPTPBE.
WHO DOES if? HUNTER. 1200 Market et.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
tj DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 501-5-6 Callaghan~b?dg.7~M~arket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grand-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when pla.es ar*
made; old nlates made over like new; tettu
from 5S per &et: extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs*.: crown. $3 50; fillings, foe 1
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warrant* d. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CIIIPHOLM, surgeon oentlst,
room 14. Plulan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny^ cor. Bush
Bet teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,_5c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 33c: crowns. $2- no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
lliili'itl 1^ K IgJi^* 1 * SHAJISTIIKSSK.S
Accordion, sunburst nnd knife plaiting; double
stamp* on dress linings. Stewart's button 'and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tcl. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~~~
ANOTHER enlargement at "" CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, U01- 925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
cf the greatest successes of the West; 1S.C00
square feet, 35 rooms, 450 students, IS teach-
ers. Write for 75- page Illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; life scholarship,
$50; ■ bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, a
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue fre*.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
' ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity.24 Post
Bt., S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue 'free.
iilGiiT^A^nr^UAr^CHOOLS^ioT^men and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
Krado to preparation for the university;
day school of Interest to all men; business
methods a specialty; personal attention
given; thirty instructors; private coachinjt;
night law school; Instructors from Univer-
sity of California and Stanford University:
Industrial cla;see; men have the advantage
of our extensive enpine room; complete
plant, boilers, dynamos. engines, pump?,
etc.; electrical engineering, assaying; stu-
dents have all other privileges of the asso-
ciation if desired; international certificates
Riven to students completing the courses and
passing the examinations; young men, strang-
ers coming to the city, directed to good
home?; association employment agency for
all graduates of our school: the beneficial
Influence of a great moral Institution; our
work Is indorsed by all the leading business
and professional men of the city; our educa-
tional work accredited by more than 115 uni-
versities and colleges In the United States;
mechanical, freehand drawing; naval archi-
tecture, stenography, typewriting and other
specialties ; advantages over other schools,
tuition leys, instruction superior; we are not
in business to make money, but "to make
men"; especially advantageous to young
men coming from the interior. Call or write
for descriptive catalogue, the Young Men's
Christian Association Institute of Practical
Education for Men and Ucys. H. J. McCOY.
General Secretary, San Francisco. Adilresa
all communications to LE KOY BURNS
SMITH. Educational Director.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived fn.m 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established -0 years. 1412 Polk et..
between Fine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER ard better scnool than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Green
rhorthand. Ellis bookkeeping* S. F. Business
College. 1_3U Market St.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated; method. Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller. 301 Geary.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. m.'n.. mecb... sur-
vey, as«:ty, cyanide: day. ev.; cst. lstvt. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evsa.. Twitonia Hall. Howard st.. near
«Jth. Prr.f. Foster; society dancing taught. .
PIANIST, and experienced teacher: harmony,
etc.; parties attended. W. H. LJPSCOMBE .
313 Leavenworth st.
SCHOOL, OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted
by practical lawyers. 530 Parrott building.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar.
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st.
PRIVATE lessons shorthand, penmanship, Eng-
lish; day and evening. 602 Van Ness ave.
LADIES wishing- to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 133 Post St., room S7.
SPANISH. French.etc.Prof.DeFUIppe's Academy
of languages.3,0 Post;estab'd lS71:able«t profs.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher,. 1013 Mission, nr. SUtb.
EDCCATIOXAL r-— Continued.
ALL English and commercial branches, short-
hand typing, etc.: reduced rates till March,
1 ; eve. speed class. $2 month. Western Busl-
ness College. _________________
EaiP_OY3IE>'T
GEVTo^7h^rp~aTpiN_TAPANES_ EMPLOT-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. 1333
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3666.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur.
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlneae help. 426 Powell. T*U Main 5.32.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. O™c\ «»
Stockton; tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* E . m P loy f m . < L nt ,°V
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5138.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY _ CO.. few Clay.
EMPLOY H EJV TJ^1XT^D--FEMAJLC 1
A COMPETENT German girl wishes a Pp"*-
tlon in general housework or cook. -4JO
Market at. —
REFINED German girl wants position to t*k«
care of children. Call or address B7S Twen-
tieth st^^Oakland.
GOOD stenographer wants position: law ex-
perience; S40 month. Box 955. Call offlca.
STRONG willing American woman want*
work by the day: $1 25 day: carfare: carpet
cleaning and laundry work specialties; abso-
lutely reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth
st.. room 10. first flight. >
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place in a
small private family: good plain coo*;, r(>
washing: wages 120 and carfare. 545 Minn*
St.; no caroV .
WOMAN wants situation: city or^£? u . ntnr:
good cook; trill do washing. 143 Third st..
room 12. ;
EXPERIENCED German nurs« wishes en-
gagements by the. week. 1S07 Flllmors st.
Phone Pine 41t>6> ,
AN experienced waitress wants work in an In-
stitution: flrst-clas* references; city or coun-
try. Address box S40. Call offlce. .
LADY would like to attend home offlce of s>
first-class ear specialist in return for treat-
ment. • Box S6O. Call offlce. ___
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day:
washing and housecleanlng; SI 50 and car
fare.. W5 Minna st.
GERMAN experienced trained nurse wl!l^| a
work: competent In all branches. MRS.
V. SEIDEL. S345 Twenty-fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes house-
keeper's position; neat and good cook. Ad-
dress Housekeeper. 428 L at.. Sacramento.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to take
care of infant. Box S»t4. Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wants situation for sewing
and upstairs work. Box 3299. Call offlce.
WANTED— Work by the day; washing or
housecleanlng. 616 Folsom st.
MAK 1^ beds In a rooming-house or work by
the day. Address M. B.. 841 Filbert st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl would like position to
cook or washing. Please call 322 Fremont.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «33 McAllister st. *
A BRANCH office of The Call lor the receptioa
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposit* Fit— U
Open until 11 p. ra. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. *
COOK — Al references; must have work, S. J.
BEAN, 17 Fourth st. Phone Bush 10T.
IF you are in r.eed of a trustworthy young
man. who understands inside and outside
work anci one who can be relied on as to
honesty, sobriety and highly recommended,
address box 05O. Call.
SITUATION as nurse and Instructor for tn-
valid boy: experienced in teaching all com-
mon scliool branches, also painting; small
wages expected. Address box 8C7. Call. •
A STEADY young man. SO years of age, would
like position of collector with reputable
house; references. A., room SO, Hotel Den-
nis. 24 Turk at.
WANTED — By reliable. Industrious man. posi-
tion as gardener, flowers. vegetables or
fruits: well recommended: best of references.
Address Box 1027. Call offlce, Oakland.
POSITION want»d — Cutter, a flrst-claas. strict-
ly up-to-date custom cutter and fitter, practi-
cal tailor; New York experience; aae possess-
ing all the ability to fill a good position sat-
isfactorily: can furnish the best of references.
A. A SKLANDER. 53 South Clinton ave..
Rochester. N. Y.
WANTED — Employment; superintendent of
construction, surveyor: go anywhere; famil-
iar roads, bridges, dams. ditches. wood,
steel cr concrete; references best. Box 8J3,
Call offlce. '
BUTLER — Valet, young German, wants posi-
tion; well experienced: good references: In
family, tor.-n or country; speaks French also.
Box :i~SZ>, Call offlce.
SITUATION as nurse and Instructor for in-
valid boy: experienced in teaching all com-
mon school branches, also painting; small
wages expected. Address box 367. Call.
PLANING mill man wants position: first -class
sticker, matcher and general machine hand;
: does general machine repairs; several years"
experience as foreman. Adress box 869. Call.
COMPETENT, middle-aged Dane wishes posi-
tion In private place; good horseman, care-
fu 1 driver, good gardener; city or country
references. Box 1025. Call offlce. Oakland.
SITUATION desired by middle-aged man and
wife on ranch or private family; late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship: English. Ad-
dress A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. city. ■■.
WANTED — By an elderly man, general chor-
lng about a place or assistant laundry man.
Call or address H. J.. Shasta House. 240 3d.
POSITION wanted by a weU-educated young
Irishman; machinery preferred. Address
box S71. Call office. I
STRONG young man, living with parents,
wishes to learn the plumbing trade. Box
8C2. Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman would like a situation as
cook In private family; best of references
from Paris. B. O.. 51D Jackson «t. -
MAN and wife would like to work at private
place; no cooking. Address W. H.. 811
Wash Ington st.. Oakland. Cal.
INSIDE work wanted by respectabl© young
man; highly recommended; honest, sober,
willing. Eox 3288. Call offlce.
WASTED — A position to work around private
place: handy with tools; references. Box
838. Call offlce. |
WANTED — Position by man and wife to taks
charge of small ranch; flrst-clasa references.
Address box 749. Call offlce.
KIGHT or day watchman; city or country;
references from last place; reliable man.
Box 816. Call.
MARRIED young man. business education, da-
sires employment. Box 3266. Call offlce.
ENGINEER and electrician desires position.
extensive experience. M. E-. 001 Powell st.
GOOD 1 ' Japanese boy wants position at house-
work and waltlnic. HENLY KITA. 405 Du-
pont St.: phone Black 1944.
JAPANESE boy wishes to learn photo trade;
speaks good English. Address 607 Larkln.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements an«i
subscriptions has been established at 10W
Valencia st.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steaai Feather
Co.. 825 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3187.
~~~ FLATS TO LET.
1 a— HOUSES and flats to let: aa Imaiess* list:
! rervlce absolutely tree: talcs advantag* of
this department; It will tav« you t'.rae and
trcuble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-230, Geary
I it, on t_a sQuare.
ALE' of the most desirable flats and houses ar*
listed In our renting department; let us five
you a list and help you find one in the- loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURB
COMPANY. 1039 Market ■_] service* abso-
lutely free.
NEW. sunny flat, 0 rooms. 1C36 Noo St., cor-
ner Elizabeth; convenient to Twenty-fourth
and Castro-st. cars; rent reasonable.
LOWER fiat: 4 rooms; 1323 Washington St..
bet. Jones and Leavenworth: rent $15.
NEW sunny upper flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 4130 Eighteenth at., near Castro. ,
$17 — SUNNY flat. 4 rooms, bath, basement.
130 Eureka, at., near Eighteenth.
405 OCTAVKA. cor. Fell— Flat of 6 rooms; bath,
yard and basement.
NEW corner flat: 12 rooms, 2 baths; m_rin«
view. Box 756. Call.
S-9-tl ROOMS. Just completed; latest _a-
prove— lents. Baker at., corner Fulton.INTERLE5S LAND, TO WANT ADVERTISERS NEXT SUNDAY
TLATS TO I,KT — nriMSHKH.
KLAT of :\ runny t^i'Vtf: ohinn clopetH-. pcrce-
leir. bath; bet Md <* r '"'*' »atr-r: emmictt far
houtr-jtr*]!:!!?; nn children : fSS. -~32 Haye*
IH'll rent— Han<iFon-e furrishrd flat or 7 rooms,
f4an+. 2,v:3 Wnrhlncton M.
ILATsTfoK SAl.K — FIRMSIIED.
TUB furritu— in 4-nx^m fiat frr sale, cheap:
rf-nt rcarcnnl !<\ "'nil Uy-Osy,. II!- Dykeinan
j-iaee. off Msscn ft., r.par O'Farretl.
J.V.0 — 8 itOOMF: r.«>w furniture; very cer.v flat;
«.rand vr.sv, ISM O'Farrcll.
A nKAITU-lLLY furr.iRlied fiat of fix rooms:
' irylftj. ''nil nficnwnf. i-'gj Webster ft.
FIXANCIAI.. _
I;<t0.0u3 GF Bastara capital to invest in Cali-
tV'-iria aocmittes, realty, city ar.d country
lousiness cnterrrlsCF. stocks, bone*, etc. Whut
i-.Nve you to re'.l? Call or wr:te A!la<!'nn In-
vtstmrm Syndicate. 7CS_Mjukct «wS. F.
(.uMl'ANIKS Incorporated, financed end »t»ck
f.<at«d. W. H BTTOCES. Lawyer and Fl-
r,an<-i»'. Agf-r.t.' ~Z2 F.rrma Ppr^ckrl* bldg.
FLRXITntE FOR SALE.
A— fXOO NO 7 combination foal and x*.»
1* use; used X T.e«-k*: ISA, 403 Valencia «t.
h'OMTI odd MF>- chairs, loungee, sofas cheap.
::m Pc,:k tt. .
Fl RXITI RE WAftTgP.
HIOHEST prices for furniture end mdae. L. H.
Hl'RP. auctioneer. IK3S Mkt.: tel. Howard 27M
HELP WAXTED FEMALE.
second giri« f~*
'"ouk. no wsFhir.g &"*
Cooks. G^rrran style |3'»-*a5
<-.H,k and F«-raad girl. aa.me hou*e $30-{2rt
rhaiKbermaid. private family fSS
:j nurswgirls $15-$25 ;
•» waitr«'5S<»! : for hotel and cafe. .$25-$U week j
2 dining-room girls, sanitarium $23
Traypirl. hospital (13
Waitress for Monterey, fare here $23
f.» general housework girl*, city and ccun-
try. t2o-KS-«3a. Avply to J. F. CROSETT
& <:o.. 334 gutter Et.
U1P.L? for housework. $20 to JW: 2waltresses
and Chamber-wort, ojty. F. J. BEAN, 17
Fourth >t. I 'bone Burn lo".
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng,
innnit-urirg. etc: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 w«=*ks: *."> to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions 10 fill immediately; position? guaran-
teed at JH» per wt*k #{r. leading echool in
West. 2.';;> <Jear> St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn rr.'.'.lirrry row for f>prlr.g sea-
son: both s^asonp taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $JT>; joritione as trimmers,
*4iUpladt»-£. etr., gunrar.teed at $10 per wk. up:
day and evening class. 14-'( Stockton Ft., r. IS.
A — I.AIJIKS to Irarn all branches hairdrenslng
tradr, manicuring, mafpair*'. etc. 1230 Mar-
Vc«-t et., cor. Jones, room M; positions secured
Bt highest wages; day and eve. cla«j; call.
<":ir»L5 about %C tn work in factory; good
ware*; fi«>ai2y oniplcyment . Apply at once,
AMEE & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento st.
PETTING MACHINE OPEHATOP.S AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
t f'AHi SJLABV. LEVI STRAVSS * CO.'B
FACTORIES. ::2', FREMONT ST. AND 1S7^
MISSION. N'EAB FIFTEENTH.
CVO1AN to manage dir.lruj-room; institution;
Owitiin irirl. grnetal housework. $35 a
naomh. <*al. Emp. Agency. 14 Third St.;
}>!i'>nt- Bus* 405.
WOMAN wanted e* 8f>MFtant in kitchen. Ap-
ply 1* to 11 a. m., Hebrew Orphanage, 600
DrvUadrro «t.
WANTED— For Alameda, elrl to care for
child ;{ ytar» old and a?Fist with upstairs
vo:k: v.^cps f2< ( . Box 1)54. Call.
WANTED — Chamtwrmaiii and h*!p at dinner.
Hotel Huena Vista, 1070 Valencia et.
•HKL fcr candy store. 148 Fourth St., cor.
Howard.
'.V ANTED— A girl who understands German
rockir.g: reference. Cali 2I1O California rt.
• "I1OCOLATE dipper wanted: munt be expert -
Mkrad. BLfMS CONFECTIONERY, corner
Polk and Sutter ««.
BY a wholesale houw, an active woman of
good aiidras. Bex 80S. Call office.
OIRL wanted for «en«ral huus<?wcrk: 3 In
Tamil)*: nnv but suoU ulaln cook need ap-
I-IV. 1214 Jr-iiiun et.
ADVERT! SKMKKTR. subscription* received at
• "all Uranrh ofn><\ cor. Dunr-an & Church »ts.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
• ; j.dvertlFerm'nt* and subscriptions has b^en
«I*nfii ml 1008 MarkPt St.. opposite Fifth.
' T-*n •■■•ttll 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTKD-MALE.
A— MrRRAT & nKXlTT, CM^ZfTcHylA.
Phone Main SSlS.
I>-2fJ»ng Employment and I^bor Agents.
I9O3 we rave iyo4 we hoiw to
fW.OUO men work. increase 60, 000.
Arizona.
We f-.hly to
Arizona — Close to Prei"cott —
5<.<o m»-n for railroad construction.
We shlx> dally.
Tuo yeans" job.
910 miles. Arizona. $9 10.
Sortion bos*. R. R. lumber company cement
finisher, long Job. J5 00 day; man 10 clean
• bcilen-. ?2 0O day: shingle r-at-kfr. country,
<?«> found; trrra cotta mold maker; farmers-
cboreaea; milker; gardener, city; gardener
OOBBtiyj carriage trimmer and leather out-
ttr; butcher, chop work, country. «3<) found-
MtdMr and eausagpmaker, south; waiter!
.city hotel: young man to care for billiard
room, city club. «25 and found; wagon
winter, camp; married gardmer country
see boss here; married ianorer*. sawmili
.SWftSfej ncrlh< fare paid> * ood
WOODCHOPPER?
S«* tr.«»n to chop 4-foot r^dwerd. WV* cor d
13 men to cl-op 4-f»ct fine, *l 25 curd
Krr m 7 !^ Ch »° P ti° Ot h *« 1 *00<«. *1 to cord,
her a big lumber attxpeajr, steady work
MLKKA> & READY. C34-03Q <;i a st.
K Vo^ B^ 1 K IX S- "»^«man. fTS. interior
• v ,£* siiV^ aur ', n: co ' Jk - * ls a *3S
. • ""•*^ r mt CO.. Gg >ac:amento st.
A p"° TE J^ GAZI^^^l°nt*omery. r. 12.
»i'0; vegetable garden man. >45.
f ~l : 'i^~ Fcr F- H - army ' "-ble-bodled un-
raerri*d cien. between agea of 21 and
'-•Hirens of LnitwJ State*, of good character
22 i.'^ I ' e ? te . 1 h * b1 "' * h0 can «P«*. read
•» •.'. E ?*- l - th - F°r Information app!y to
itccru:t!r.g Officer. Rialto bulldln*; New
Montgomery «.. San Francisco, cr 102S Sec-
<!.d gt.. J=a cramento. Cal.
z z —
Ken to ]*arri tlic barber trade In two months
and cecuro good po*ltione: catalogue and full
.'•o f ig u <£cff'ff ""• M0LER
GOVERNMENT pcslUotta— Call at room 14
fifth Kocr. 3CS Larkin *t.. for free information
*t to pos.ticn*. taiarlen. age limits etc • da»
or evtnlr.ga.
TRY our taen't shoe5, unlcn mad*, at $1 and
$1 :m per pair, foot-fcrm iboas at %1 50 or
ortOOpedlC BtoOl $3 SO; b«st shoos on earth 11
Third ft.. Exam, bldg.. 5 door* from Market.
Sl'ITAKLE man in each community ran earn
SliX" to $200 per month and upward. Address.
inclosing 10 c«»r:tB. P.O. box 49. l>rKMey. Cal.
PORTER, nrritt at hnr. $25-$30. 733 Fcurth
rt.; «;<-rmen prefcrrrd.
nARHKrt *hcp, 2 chair*, for «a!e; $.TO; rent~$3.
330 Main rt.
TiATlSlETl ahep for Bale; S chair*. 13T Fistn.
WANTED — Urn end women to learn the bar-
r*>r tra-lr; was** rnid while learning. Call
or «idr»»» 9TESTERH COLLEGE OF BAR-
HKP.H. 047 Comrowial *t.. San Franc! tco.
''.'ANTED — Laborers nnd mechanics to know
t!mt VaI TMkin, Reno Home proprietor, has
ri/liVvi \<<t n»»w rooms to the Denver House.
-!7 Third rt.; 25ft room*; 2*c to T>Oc !>er night.
a 2-riiAin barber r.hoji. havlrsr best trade
ifi thf town, for «?ale ch»>a:>; suburban town;
rrtirinr from \rs?\rn-rr. Ilnx .T2S7. Call office.
I'ATMiKIi rhop; crart *ell 'quick; other busi-
n*w; 4 chjiirf: mcll; cheep. Ccx 102C. Call
"ff^^Oakland.
v -ANTi;i>— A firft-class carriage blacksmith at
BWd v.. t j-f. i; . Apply to A. MEISTKR & SONS
''.. Ka'-rnmcmc, Cal.
' 'jy ,', " r wn'e sho<-3. union made, at ft and
••0 r<a:r; foot-form ?hc»-» at *2 50; we pay
1 ' ~ M </r mail oharsw. 11 3d at., Exam. bid.
"- iMX ATTV., M~HAnRIf?r.40""Klfls et. ; 14
•"-• iirr-r-tirr; roT'ifm-os from thousand* of
* lor whom I hove- secured i>en*ion».
! ' £ ' ( '"-XS to join mIIita7>~band~~328~iBush
_J^^ third floor, room 4.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOVMKNT "AOENCT
r.20— MONixjoMEitr— r.2«
Pboaa Main liai rpntairs
CENTHAL AMERICA NICARAGUA
bRKB FARE BOTH WAYS.
Jk.- 1 . .H? 8 ** 8 r ° r « mine, see i«arty h»re,
$K»H» gold a year and found:
: vi-vML" lfn frr s «am shovel; 5 laborers.
w ' S ll °ure. Government work: 25
»ooachor,>ers. north, big company, cut 4-
fo*.t jrood. pood timber and prices; bell-boy,
hotel, pood hour*. $2tt.
WANTED— Experienced sotlcit^rs, ~men and
\.-ioni-n, to handle merchandise ccntracts;
Bt«d compensation; easy proposition to
|J .1, Cf: i« ln A"r tiKatf '- noyal Mercantile. jCo..
<jak?a"d ColuBlblmn bld C-- cr 1)52 Broadway.
£*£££»*• t*'"* notice— The office of secrr.
tor> and > ree Emt.loyment Uurcau has re-
iSS&Sl Hall gq.. or 1504 Market st.
» ™?- m \" narbf-rs' Cnion, Lo Ca i us JO s. .
H. DLLIl.^ , Sf iretary. •
. toled whin i you can get It done for 25c 60c
aad 00e while you wait at n»i-1 Mission st..
— Vii ... 1 - r * ond 2J f**- or U Third 5t. 0
I:: ?T 1 A1 . 'a'lcrlrg sal-Fman. Apply
_ _- n> .*' Tailcrln g ( ompany. .'{10 Oeary st.
DAUEKU ehor In hotel; 3 rhalrn; sacrifice.
—^ t> '_. l ..* r ' tnkIln 8t - c°r. Market.
SAILOR:* and ordinary sp.itr.en for deep-water
__*hjr»-_ Apply DENTS place. 20 Pteuert st
P bHr*9. N " fV ty - K - A - «""i«rrf>om 40. Phelan
_ -I: J!?. 1 !!^?!- J£t?^H: Thomas Post. G.A.H.
M n X k1° \ P 'J n arb ' r traQVr~sirr~Francls7o
Uarb«r College. 741 A Howard «<t.
WraCBHIIB HOW, 44~Tfci;d st.. near Ma7-
Ket— ,oo rc^nif. Me night: rrading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
f.r advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
j ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rrlce. 0<r. Ml?«ion_st.. bet. l?t and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled whllewaitlnc: 25c
to oOc. 563 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES JUiTP '.VAGOXS. ~
CLOSING out at auction— -i cuireys, 2 phaetonj
F Wacom; 2 rubber tires, 10 business buggies';
19 sets harness, 4C horses; Tuesday, February
2. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folnom st.
FOR SALE— Light buggy, robe and harness;
$t(» for all or will sell separate. Box 020.
Call effice.
FOR »ale — fix secondhand express wagona
and two truck*. 23.1 Heale st.
AN open business buggy in good condition;
will sell cheap. Box 952, Call office.
WANTED — An open business buggy in good
repair and reasonable. Box 027. Call.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
ar.d go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission Et.
Largeft assorfmt 2d-ha:id wagons, buckbd.sur-
ley.harrtrs.work.drlvir.chorges. J5th-Valencla
1IOISES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G.H. VMDSEX & CO., 20 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN' & HOWELL, 25 Post ft.
IX VESTMENTS.
BONDS. PTTjCKS AND 'mORTOAOES.
All divlder.d-payir.g securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 327 Market st.
LOST AMP gQ CAP.
LOST — Lady's plain gold watch, diamond cen-
ter: large monogram, M. W. : tiger claw at-
tached; name letters; number of movement.
$50 reward. E. M. WOLFE. 303 Fulton st.
LOST— A red pocket-book containing check
and drafts of no value but to owner; liberal
reward; no questions asked. C6 Geary sr..
room 1.
LOh «'— A pass bock with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
ram? of THOMAS SAMPSON. No. 204-732.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pas* book with the Hibernia Savinga
and Lomn Society of San Francisco In- the
name of JACOB PHILLIPS. No. 1M0-05O. The
finder will »Ie«»e return to bank.
LOST— A paaa book with the Hibernia Savinga
ar.d Lean Society of San 'Francisco In the
name of CHARLES GLATZ, No. 214-700.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Bet. 4:30 and S p. m.. bet. San Franl
clfcco and Oakland, a gold watch. Reward
return to 140 Hickory ave.
LOST— Black Collie dog; white on nose,
breast, feet and tip of tail; literal reward.
510 (Jolden Gate ave.
LOST — Child's pold pin containing two tur-
qunise* and pearl. Return photo parlors.
1023 Market st.
LOST— Locket: --Henry" on bark! Liberal re-
warJ return H. ELLIS. 20 Montgomery st.
' MEDICAL. ™
MRS. DM..WTETH. •peclaUst~for all female
cc4sp!aints; instant relief guaranteed- 30
years' experience: removed to 826 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
liff guaranteed. 10CS',i Market it., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on remale
ecmplair.M; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1016 Market St.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
rr.ent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter it.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
special 1st: a private home before and during
confinement; bes* medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment 110; fcoun, 10 to S; 25 yens' exper.
DR. WEfTON— Prompt relief for ladles; con-
sult him free. 305 Kearny at.; tel. Main 481.
DR. ROSEN resides 2895 Folsom St.. corner
1'fith; ladiee. r»ll>f or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment. 1128 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. ,110 Powell st.. opposite
Unlcn Fquare: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MINING ~
THE Monterey Gold Mining- Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines in Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of its stock at 25c a share, the par value
being $J, Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert. Is In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine is gaining
rapidly as the work advances; this stock wjll
go to $2 a share within the next 12 months;
interested pantos can f*« the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
flrcal agents.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS. enffiMiTsd-hand T^nacblneryT McTn"!
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont ft.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with etaterite; In rolls ea«y to lay;
needs do painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or Ehlnzles; best for new roo*».
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, bollera. engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; sea Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale it.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlor*. 2S8 Kearny St..
Dear Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUVS. »ell» or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. \VHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailer-tnyde suits so!d on small weekly pay-
tr.f nts. Miftit Clothing Parlors. 2.1 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS. ~*Tigtitiy used, told at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— best $2 50 hats, U 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 'J p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY cur mee'e shoes at SI and $1 SO pair;
foot -fcrra shoe* at $2 (SO: we pay express
rrargrs. 11 3d it.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.,
BAILING ark for fishing and bunting. 328
I>u>fi et., third floor, room 4.
A FINE Prouty job press; second hand; good
as new. Box 70S, Call.
EAFE5 and cash registers, .new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 MlEflon: tel. Bush 167.
MILES of doe and fittinirs; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
SCMK good second-hand gasoline enginea, 1 to
/J2 h. p.. cheap. E. U. Beck & Co., 122.Mkt. |
ELOT rr.achin<s rheup; Chlcacors, Twentieth
Centuries. Puck*. BACIOALUPI. 033 Market.
DFFKS and safes: »*«• the complete line at ISIS
Market, ab. Vat: Ness. RICHARDSON BHOS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. TUE HER.
MAX!* SAFE CO.. 307 Battery tt.
MOVUCO clctures. magic lanterns, tale, rental ;
bargains. Bullard & Xlreck. 131 Post sU .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 190i
j 5IISCKLLAXKOUS FOR SALE — Con.
214c ROLL and i'p; fine wall paper; eamples
rrailcd; palr.tliiK. tinting, papering. M. HER-
JOAN. 1302 \Vcbster. Tel. Jackaan 1.J21.
SAFES — New an-l second-hand. E. U. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Euison phor.ccraphs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Hacigalupi, 033 Mkt.
■ GASOLINE ei.-gir.es. automobiles and launches;
all sires. .1. E. IJOAK. 46 Fr*mont st.
ASK for orlces on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MlSCEI-LAXnO IJS jWAKTg^
WANTED — A good business buggy; price must
he cheap. Box 670. Call office.
I PAY higheM prices for all. kinds of cast-off
clothing; tend postal. MORRIS, lit Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. t. HOLMES.
1110 Maikft St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
th>atrfral good«. 1M flth st. : tel. .Tessl- 2S51.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
• See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrqtt bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
84C Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 10 Third.
A — t per cent on furniture or piano; no remov- .
al. no commission, no publlcity;$25 up;quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth gt.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave .
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. '
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
furivacy; no commission :installments accepted.
EONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rale; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market St.. room 68.
MONEY loaned: reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market St., room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 0 Eddy st.
1 PEH cent on furniture or plnno. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employer. R. 311, Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— Building loan, either $75,000 or
$135.(KM>: long time, low Interest; elegant
apartment building; fine site; Los Angeles.
Cal.; iffponsible tenant; ten years: owner
here with plans. Addres* box 80t>, Call office.
WOULD like to borrow $2000 on a house and
lot at a reasonable rate of interest; I have
a good position and can pay off the mort-.
gage in a short while. Box 7SS. Call office.
WANTED — $0000: S per cent guaranteed; le-
gitimate manufacturing business. A. R.
COULSO.V CO.. Inc.. Petaluma. Cal.
MUSICAL IXSTHUMEXTS.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
U months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole uK'-nts for Me I 'hail, Schiller. Doll
anJ other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 3W>
Hayes ct.
A FINK let of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such maken as Stelnway, Halnes
Bros., Knabe, Bau*. Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Far-
reli at.; no -.branches in San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos <also fur-
niture) will bo cold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHKAD'S wtorage. 1630 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright planes; now and
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market St.. second floor.
NEW pianos rold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHM1TZ &. CO., 1« McAllister at.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary et.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; rfrarly
new. HORNUNQ BROS.. 218 McAllister fat.
BEAUTIFUL 3-p»dal Stein way upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrcll.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ocllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post gt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE office In a\promlnent building Market
»t.; modern in every respect; rent reason-
able. Room 1024, Hayward building.
NICE flne of flee to let; also flne front desk
room. Call at 410 California St.. room 21.
STORES WASTED.
WOULD like to rent furnished office or suite.
Vox O.-.3. Call.
PERSONALS. ~~
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves Its growth.stops falllng.curea dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or aticklness;
cleanses scalp; atdrugglst*', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133S Polk
GRADUATES of New York 8chool of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water: trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 408 Geary.
NOTICE — The California Restaurant, at 126
Ninth >=t.. has been sold to P. HALLOS and
A. GOVGALAS.
/ WM. AUGUSTINE.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto ot
, the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate.
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
yi»7 Market «., room 203. ,^--
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eages positively cured by Willow BafV Co..
1830 Polk st.; consultation free: call or write.
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats.
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs. Teutonia Hall, Howard St.. near
Oth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW, Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary »t., has moved to 218 Post st.
Aetlna restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 'MV Sut-
ter. r. 600. Mlti Eaton. 2.':.1 Geary, room 38.
Bon Mnrche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
d«r. Rooms 14 A 18. 40 Ellis. Tel. Pmmm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. A Mrs-Traverse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO: dress pants $2 50?
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
PALJil&'l'RY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glit; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex*
press $•: open Tue. day evg. also. 139 Post st.
MMB. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes. .
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 519
Taylor Bt., near Geary. Pbone Black 561.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
W. J. GUNN.
5".O CALIFORNIA ST..
'Savings Union Building.)
$1,050— Eleventh ave., cast Bide. 150 feet north
of Clement st.; 25x120; $150 first pay-
ment; easy installments; well located;
choice lot; high ground; electric cars
within a few steps; all street work duns
$1,800— Union et.. sunny side, near Broderick;
25x100; grand marine view; $100 first
. payment. $25 monthly.
$10,000— Webster-st. corner, 110x100; cheap;
fine buy for a builder or to Improve
with flats.
$9.000— Baker st., NW. corner; 137:0x137:0;
cheap.
$.10,000 — Pacific Heights; 2 choice corners. 27Cx
137 :(i; grand marine view.
$6,500— 2 .flats; Larktn st. ; .7 rooms, bath-room
in each.
$2,100— Corner Filbert Bt.; 23xlC0; Union and
S'illmore-st. cars a few steps distant.
$P,M)0 — 2 flat?; Broderick: 7 and C rooms.
$3,750— Clement ft.; large lot, 78x115; a. flne
purchase to Improve with stores and
Hats; very cheap. W. J. GUNN.
r.30 CALIFORNIA ST.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. '
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
Pays C ner cent net on $125,000.
Mortgage of $57,500 may remain.
New 5-story and basement brick building with
rear frontage. .
Building leased to responsible tenants.
Total rents, 18700 per annum.
There Is not a better paying Investment on
Mission st. for sale to-day.
$1SOO— PRETTIEST and cheapest cottage home
in San Francisco; 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary washlubs, etc.; lot 20x110; street
work done; electric and steam cars at the
door to all parts of the city and cemeteries,
6c. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa St., Ocean
View. - ,
FOR SALE CHEAP.
Neat cottasre, with all modern Improve-
ments: terms same as rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard, SE. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm sts.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co.". pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within. 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
st?., office ond yard.
FOR sale — 08 0-12x137:0 on Pacific St., under
lease: fS5 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS, 20C Hayward building.
BI.'ILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost tmprov. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$3500 — TWO paying flats; Mission warm belt;
' rents $35. Apply 3000 Twenty-second st.
$700 — CORNER cottage of 3 rooms, near Cort-
land ave. school. Apply 3316 Mlaglon st.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Coon try Fop Sale.
— CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE—
. W. J. WHITE, 2G Montgomery 8 t., room 6.
BY ORDER OF COURT.
$S500 — Tc clnee estate; 10SO acres, Mendoclna
County. 3 miles from town! near steamer land-
ing; 200 acres splendid hay or potato land; ap-
ple orchard: 000 acres more could be planted;
30'* acres heavy redwood timber; balance ex-
cellent pasture; substantial improvements; lino
and crose. fences.
ALFALFA LANDS.
12S0 acres, fenced and cross-fenced; house;
barn; outbuildings; artesian well that lrrlgatej
40<» acres fine allalfa: river runs through place;
$4000 rent offered; S miles of Anglola; only $30
an acre.
$14,0(:0 — Only one mile from station, schools,
churches, stores; 40 acres full bearing orchard,
vineyard anfJ berries; small nursery': alfalfa;
dark, sandy loam; water for irrigation piped
all over place: new 8-room house; cement foun-
dation; stable, carriage-house, machinery for
manufacturing olive oil; will subdivide in lota
$lC00 up or exchange for bay property of equal
value.
$2S00— Close to city; 0 acres full bearing or-
chard;. 1 acre iilfulfa; 6 r. hard finished cottage.
$-500 — 1C0 acres near boat and cars; nice or-
chard, vineyard; B-r. bouse, barn, outbuildings,
span horses, stock, tools, wagons; steady job.
$& an acre — 1C00 acres, 8 miles good town;
over 300 plow land; well watered, wood, rolling
hills nnd little valleys; pay 20 'per cent on in-
vestment; bank foreclosure. « •
$1000— Adjoining nice town; 240 acres, SO
acrej Je.r(H}.hoU8,e,-outbuliaiasi!; controls 2000-
acre ranre.
$M00— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvement: well fenced:
on-hard; 3 hordes; farming' tools; outsld* range.
Attention physicians — Nice home, live coun-
try town, C5 miles of S. F. ; 10-room house arid
grounds-: practice guaranteed $2500 a year; only
$0500; easy terms.
$2100— Thirty-five miles of San Francisco;
10 minutes'- walk to Courthouse; 21 acres
garden land; halt level; brand new colonial
cottage: lare* barn; hor*«?; tools.
$17,000 — Improved ranch; 450 acres; near
Lodl; adjoining land gold by the bank $40 an
acre;, would exchange fcr city property,
ALFALFA LAND.
$10 an acre, U00 acres. Anglola, Kings
County.
$1800 — 240 acres. S miles of town. 5 acres
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land; house, barn, packlng-ho'uae.
toole;. water piped to buildings and pasture.
80 acres; 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town; tools; $000.
Send gtamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE 2« Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
40 ACRES level sediment land: unequaled for
berries, potatoes and alfalfa trowing; $45
per acre; % cash; all water wanted; $1 p*r
acre per year.
Call or write for full particulars.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bldg., San Francisco.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
$30C0; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moya. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a.lO-acre farm! 7~
S200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free.' tiO3 J 8 t
■ WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
AI.FALP'A lands, etock ranched, orchards
vineyards; Inspected harpalns: monthly cata-
loguts <cnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
SAW MATEO frEA.Ii ESTATE.
SAN MATEO house of 8 rooms and bath: lot
100x180. with barn and chicken house; $0000;
$1000 down and balance $G2 50 per month;
on car. Une. P. COFFIN. 3303 Mission at.
roiAT RiciiMoyn re ai, estate.
4 LOTS; cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room 4,
tlUQl flo'ir. „'
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos. *tc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ~
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorln Station. Berktley!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWA7.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
2 FINE sunny front rooms, with board, to
rent at l:5O Webster St., Oakland.
OAKLAXIJ FURlHTURB^FOir SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In TfurnT-
ture. H. Scheilhaas.llth st.. cor.store. Oakland
mvii>Elsl^^mcE s - ~
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn- Build,
leg £octety, 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st ot December,
1603. a dividend has been declared at th*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital . stock and participating certificates.
. frte of taxea, payable on and after 8ATUR-*
IJAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LKON'.
ARD. Manaxrr. HUGH ORAIO. Srcretarr.
DIVIDEND Notice: The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con; — A dividend. No.~C2, of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been' declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202, 204
and £0»i Hayward building. San Francisco,
. on February 10, 1004. Transfer books - close
February 3, , 1004, at noon.
:- : C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
pRoi'os.iLa. ~~~~~
BIDS will be received until February 19, 1904
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miles
of Kvanston, Wyo. : plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the ' -ell at from $3 to $3 BO
per ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and right until completed. Bidders will
mak» separate bids at so much per foot to
alnk 1000 feet. 1600; feet and ,2000 feet deep;
] the size of the hole to be not less ■ than b^
■ inches at ;. the _ bottom on, completion. Tha
right Is reserved to reject any and all bids
It the price Is .excessive. ~i For. further : par-
ticulars write or call : on the ■ undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE, Evanston, Wyoming.
W. . P. 8ANBORN, trustee, C31 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DE NORMANDY. C05 Post— Nicely furn.rms!?
$2 week up; also hskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
14TH, 7C, cor. Folsom — 3 sunny rooms, 2 bay
windows and kitchen; latest imp.; gas; $20.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
JACKSON, 15HA — Lar*e front and back par-
lors, furnished complete for housekeeping;
also «lnrlc room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 . Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
M~ALLISTEn. 7SS— Private family; 2 large,
front, sunny rooms, furnished; also entire
floor :s rooms, kUchen, bath and unfurnished,
with carpets if desired. , . ■
GLENDOKE — New apartments on Pine st.,'
east oi Van Ness ave.; 5 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with excfDtlonal beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnisaed: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for 'rmpectlon. HOOKER U LENT. 14
Post st. ;
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-rm, apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; (40 up; refe. ; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn, 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $58.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also tingle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
• H ADDON HALL.
•51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
• APABTMEWTS WAITTEP. *
I WANT a 3-room furnished apartment, all
complete for housekeeping in an apartment-
house. Box 056. Call office.
ROOMS TO LETr-Pnrn. nnd Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom Bta. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week Up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market fit. (or No. t
Fifth st.— Rooms. 25c. 50o. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE, 230 Powell, cor. Geary-
Sunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wk; reading-room.
HARRISON, fc30&, near Fourth— Cozy, newly
furniclf'd room for worklngman; $3 month.
JESSIE, 303, corner Fourth — Nicely furnished ,
room. ••
JESSIE, 303, east U. fT Mint— Furnished
room, $0 per month; 2 beds, $s.
JONES, 010, near Bush — A very desirable
room; all conveniences.
MANHEIM, C82 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
MISSION", 837A — Fine single rooms, with run-
ning water, closet; $1 50 per week and up.'
O'FARRELL, 023— Large Bunny hskpg. room;
folding bed; grate; also sunny single rm.; $7.
ROYAL Houpe, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
. reading-room, emoktng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, :<5c to $1 .'m>; week, $2
I to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
8T. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUTTER, 067— Crystal House — Elegant rooms;
board if wanted; reasonable; respectable.
TURK. 10 — Sunny front room, furnished.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $<i week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every'
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 51» — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 00 night; ?2 to J8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light ~ in
every room; 15c to $1 & night; 75c to 55 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep^
• tlon of advertisement!) and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. -
rooms and board.
■ hotel^'hatto?? '• "~~"~*
5)77 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.; private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
HOTEL ELSMERE, 418 Sutter — Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $25.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California— Fine rooms";
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished Toomsj home
cooking; German family; $0 per week.
POWELL, B02, cor. Sutter — Large tunny corner
room for 2; terms reasonable; also single rm.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD SURGEONS.
1021H Market St.. bet. Cth ond 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073M Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past Tour years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, cuecessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by ute of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orlsnt
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls>
eagfs cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
JPAPEI1HA .\G I X (1. I'A 1XTI XO. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting. painting,
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
SEWIXOMACHIXESAXDSUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; [lightly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand. $3. $9. $S: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
$16 B0 — NEW improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsh,
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 BO. $3. $4. 145 6th st.: tel. Jessie 313B.
STORAGE .Ayj? WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Varf~Co.T7urnitur\
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
_ flee Post and Powell sts,; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore et. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage: Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. M«ln 1840. ShlDnlne at cut rates.
STIITTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
lit every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
. TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.-
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1'
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at R'O each: get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters - sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. COS Market.
MARRIAGE IilCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . . ■ .- .. • - . • v .i
John Evans, 21, 1721 Scott street, and
Bridget Fergus,, lfl, ItfW Chapultenec street.
Jacob Harris, XI, 530, Fell street, and'Roso
Tlschler, 21, W>G Folsom street.
Angel M. ■ Vigilant. 20. 821 Vallejo street,
and Maria Prat, 23. 821 Vallejo street.
Christian E. Lund, 29, 519 Montgomery
street, and Amllle L. Gerblni. 18, 1029 Mason.
Michael J. Coughlan, 39, 400 Broadway, . and
Hannah B. Cronln. 35, 419 Thirtieth street. ,
Aflolphe Froment. 21, 1300 Octavla street,
and Clemence Arrouge, : IS, 1815 Stockton.
Patrick McGurn. 20. 232 Ninth street, and
1 Minnie Brady. 22, 24S5 Broadway.
Harry E. Leslie, S 2tf, 528 Potrero avenue,
and Laura de Guerre, 25, 219 Diamond street.
Oscar E. Walpert, 21, Haywards._and Anna
C. May. 1R. Hay wards. ,
Dlonyslus V. Paduverlsv %*, Zi Hunt street,
and Mary A. Klaudlanos. 22, IS Hunt street.
John J. Miley. 21. 621 Glrard street, -and
Florence H. Burke. 17, 57 JSoe street.
John \V. White, til. at. Paul. Minn., and
Laura E. Nevitt, 35. Washington. D. C.
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage ard death notices pent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b* handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. . .
BORX.
GERRANS— In tMs city, February 4, 1004,
to the wife of Henry W. Gerrans, a
daughter.
HERFORTH— In thla city. February 3, 11)04.
to the wife of Herman Herforth. a daughter.
MARRIED.
GOODMAN— LESZYNSKY— In this city. Janu-
ary- 31. l!»04, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto.
Isaac Goodman and Hazel Leazynsky.
DIED.
Banning, Edward J. Leary, Hannah
Bergstrom, Erik Leland, John
Brown, Henry J. Levy, Jtseph
Cramer, Bernard Luhn, Sadie E.
Frank, Ephralm MacAullffe. Catherine
Gagan, Thomas McGurk, Thomas
Gleason, Timothy McLaughlin, Ellza-
Glgnat. Pitrre beth
Gock, Johann McLecd, George
Gorham, Charles L. McQueen, John M.
Hanson, Marv J. Newman. John
Hawley, Hope Pleper. Louise
Hilton, Franklin C. Rickerby. William
I Hitchcox, Harry Ro?sl. Antone
Hocklns, Helga T. Sanders, Rcsa
Jacks. Wllli.tm ' Schmidt, Theodora
Jackson. Harry Schultze, Louis
Jones, Mary J. Stevenson, John
Kearney, Mrs. J. Torre, John S.
Kirby, Rev. Win. P. Wilson, Charlotte E.
Lahey, Wlllam Winchester, Laura J.
BANNING— In this city, February 4. 1004.
Edward J.. beloved son of Frances A. and
the late John Banning, and brother or Kate
F. Banning and Mrs. Margaret Kelly, a
native of San Francisco, aged 30 years and
S months.
KTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
BERGSTROM— In this, city, February 4. 1004.
Erik, Beloved husband of Alma Bergstrom.
and father of Herbert Bergstrom. a native
of Sweden, aged 33 years 4 months and 10
days.
BROWN— In this city, February 3. 1904.
Henry J., beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Brown, a native of Dundalk. County
Louth. Ireland, aged tW years. A member of
Branch 333. Catholic Knlrhts of America.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. William J. Locke, 1027
Church street, thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repo*e of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CRAMER — In this city, February 3, 1904,
Bernard, beloved husband of Mary Cramer,
a native of County Leitrim. Ireland, aged
6C years. A member of Court Eclipse, No.
14, Foresters of America, and Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective Association. Local
No. 224, I. L. M. and T. A. -
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 14 Rltch street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high)
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
FRANK— In this city. February 4. 1904,
Ephralm, dearly beloved father of Max E..
Michael L. and Alexandf r H. Frank. Mrs.
A. Roswnshine, Mis. M. Grunauer. Mrs. C.
. Arendt. Mrs. C Queenberg. Mrs. L. A.
Lazurus ami Mrs. L. Morgan, a native of
Austria, aged 72 years- 10 months and 27
days.
GAGAN— In this city, ! February 3, 1D04.
Thomas, beloved husband of Bridget Gagan.
a native of Oort. County Galway. Ireland.
|C7"Frifn0s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0:.50 o'clock, from hist late resi-
dence. 440Va Jessie street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GIGNAT— In thin city. February 4. 19O4.
Plerro Glgnat, beloved father of Mrs.
Louisa Mullen, Julia and Emily Gignat.
ond grandfather of Annie and John Mullen,
a native of France, aged C2 years 7 months ,
and 14 days.
EX Funeral Sunday. February 7. 19Q4, at
1 o'clock, from his late residence. 10 Vincent
street, between Oreen and Union, th»nce to
French Church of Notre Dame des Victolre*.
where F<?rvices will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GLEASON— In this city, February 3, 1004,
Timothy Gleason. beloved husband of the
late Bririset Glsason. and beloved father of
Frank, Jamea, Joseph. Peter and Edward
Gleason and Mrs P. J. Cbeli. and brother
of Michael Gleason, a native of Nenagh.
County TlDcerary, Ireland, aged e2 years S
month* and 2S days. A member of Laborers'
Protective Union, Local No. S044.
(Ey Friends an<l acquaintance s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). February &, at 8:30 o'clock, from
the oarlors of H. F. Subr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a high
mass will be celebrated for the repese of his
soul, comnu-ncine: at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOCK— In this city. February 4. 1904. Johann,
dearly beloved and only child of Johann and
Marie Gock. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 23 days.
GORHAM— In Oakland. February 3. 19O4,
Charles L.. beloved husband of Louisa R.
Gorham, and father of C. II. Gorham of
Lorln, a native of Massachusetts, aged 75
year.- 1 month and 24 days.
S^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t<> attend the funeral services
this day (Friday). February 5. 19O4, at 2
o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of
Leltch & Henderson. Interment Evergreen
Cemetery.
HANSON— In this city, February 4. 1904.
Mar}' Jorenhlne. only and beloved daughter
of Josephine and the late Captain William
Haiuton. a native of New York City, aged
45 years.
HAWLEY— In this city. February 4, 1004,
Hope, beloved wife of th? late Samuel Haw-
ley, and beloved mother of Samuel, God-
frey, Thomas, Joseph, William and Francis
Hawley and the late Mary Ellen Halllhan.
and sister of Mra. Dak'n and Mrs. Insel-
man. a native of England, aged 61 years and
8 months.
HILTON — In this city, February 3. 1004.
Franklin C, beloved son of Frank C. and
Kate Hilton, and brother of Ethel P. Hilton,
a native of San Francisco, aged 14 years tf
months and 27 days.
)T7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at "1 o'clock, from the funeral
■ parlois of Bunker & Lunt, 2ti«;e Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masontc Temple. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HITCHCOX— Passed to a higher life. In this
city. January 31. 1904, Harry, husband of
Hattle Mayo Hitchcox. and father of Jessie
and Marv Hitchcox and Mrs. Alice E.
McKie. a native of Eniclanu. aged 62 years
2 months and 23 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
/ fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Masonic
Temple. . 2(W8 Mission street. between
■ Twenty-seeend and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge. No. 109, F. and
A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HOCK1NS — In Alameda. Cal.. February 2,
11)04, Helga Terete, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam F. and Ida M*. Hocklns. and sister of
Human! ina. Edna and Russell Hocklns, a
native of" San Francisco, aged 13 years 3
months and>8 days. . .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services,
Friday, at 11 o'clock, at the residence. 1712
Bay street. Alameda. Interment, private, in
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
JACKS — In Eldridjre, Sonoma County, Febru-
ary 2, 1904. William Jacks, son of Carmen
and the late John Jacks, and brother of
' Henry, Albert, Consueio and Carmetlto
Jacks.
JACKSON — In Oakland, February 3. 190t.
Harry Jackson, a native of California, aged
23 years. .
Eirfrrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Friday.
February 6. 1004, at 2 o'clock, frcm the par-
lors of James McManus, Seventh and Castro
streets. ; Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
•JONES— In this city. February 4. 1904. Mary
Josephln* Jones, beloved wife of Austin
Jones, and mother of Lauren D. Jones and
Mrs. Samuel Riddell, a native of Ohio.
KELLY — An anniversary high mass? will be
- celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Patrick F. Kelly at Mission Dolore*
Church to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 -o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are Invited tu
attend.
KIRBY— In this city. February 2. 1904. tha
Rev. William P. Kirby (pastor of St. Agnes'
Church), brother of Timothy and James Kir-
' by and Mrs.' Madge Murphy, and Sister De
, Sales and . Sister Augustine of the Presenta-
i tion Order, at present In thla city, and
brother of the 1 late Rev. Thomas Klrby, a
native of LUtowel.'. County Kerry. Ireland,
aged 43 years 8 months and 17 days.
(E7Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), nt 0 o'clock, frcm St. AgneV
Church, thence to St. llary's Cathedral,
where a pontifical solemn requiem high nta.>s
will be celebrated Tor the repose of his soul
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cros3 C?n>
tery.
LEAKY— In this city. February t, 1904. Han-
nah, beloved wife of John Leary. and lovlnj
mother of J. F., D. J.. E. A.. M. E.. C. F.
and the late John T. Leary anJ Mrs. J. E.
Fitzpatrick. formtrly Maczio Leary. a na-
tive of Ireland.
CTThe faneral will take place this day
'Friday) at O:-"tO o'clqok. from her late resi-
denc?. 1119 Csstro rtreet. thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem hisrh masa
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
at 10:15 o'clock. Interment orlvate, H0I7
Cross Cemetery.
LELAND— In this city, February .1. 1304. Ji)ha
Leland. a native of Delaware, aged 3<i years.
CyR^malns at the mortuary chapel of
J. S. Ootteaji. 303 Montgomery avtnue. *
LAHEY— In this city. February 3. 1004. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Lahey. and
devoted father of Molly T.. William E..
Katie and Thomas Lahey and Mrs. Charles
H. Holland, a native of New York, aged ZS
years. (New York papers please ccpy.)
E7The funeral will take place frcm- hi*
late residence. 957 Alabama street. Friday.
February 5. st U:30 o'clock, theace to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be offered for th» rep«s» of
his soul at 0:45 o'clock. Friends are reapev-t-
fully invited to attend. Interment private.
LEVY— In this -ity. February :i. 1904. Joseph,
beloved husband of the late Scphla L»vy. .an.1
beloved father of Alexander J.. Charles,
William P. and Elian Levy. Mrs. J. Opp?:>-
helm. Mr*. Jules Lievre. Mrs. B. M. Gunx-
burger. Mrs. A. S. Strauss and Mrs. A. S.
Llchtenstein ami th» late Samuel Levy, and
brother of Herman Levy. Mra. R. Speokler
and Mrs. N. Stein of New York City, a na-
tive of Bohemia, aged 81 years 2 months and
12 days. (Placervllle, Cat., papers pleas*
copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Friday). at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1445 McAllister street, thence to th-»
Masonic Temnle, corner of Pest arul Mont-
gomery streets, where services will be h^ld
under the au?Dices of Doric I.odga Xo. 21«.
F. and A. M.. commencing at 1«> o'clock.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery *>y 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Plmse orr»it flower*.
LUHN— In this city. February 2. 10O4, Sadie
E.. beloved wife of Robert Luhn. and!
daughter of Catharine and the late John B.
Howatt, ami sister of William. John, Walter,
Albrrt, Arthur, Edward, Ethel and Lillian,
Howatt. « native of San Francisco. a«»d tri
years 4 months and 27 days. A member of
Ramona Council No. 28. Degree of Pocahon-
tas. 1. O. R. M.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral
Friday. February 5. 1004. at 8:30 o'clock,
from her Lite residence. 3J4S7 Seventeenth
street. »hence to Minion Dolores Church.
There a solemn requiem mass* will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Holr Crosa Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Ramona Council
• No. 2N, Degree of Pocahontas. I. O. R. M..
are resoectfully requested to attend th»
funeral of rur beloved sister. Pad!" E. Luhn,
from her late residence. 3887 Seventeenth
street, at 8.-:{0 o'clock to-day (Friday).
MaeAULIFFE — In Gra»s Vallev. Cat.. Febru-
ary 4. 11*04. Catherine MacAuI!ff>, dearly be-
loved mother of Mrs. Arthur VV. Dollard.
McGURK— In this city. February 4, \'.*>i. at
his residence. 11?J Vallejo Htroet. Thomas,
beloved husband of Ros<» McGurk. a native of
County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 70 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In Berkeley, February 4. 1904.
Elizabeth. b: loved mother of Mary F. and
Thomas E. McLaughlin and the late Dr. W.
H. McLaughlip. a native of England, aged
S3 yearn 5 months and 1 day.
JC7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McQUEEN— In this city, February % 4. 100*.
John M.. beloved «on of Robert McQueen,
and brother "of Robert. William and Joseph
McQueen and Mr*. Alexander Cannon. a>
native of Scotland. eg».t a« years.
McLEOD— In this city. February 4. 1904.
George McL*6d. a native of Inverness. Scot-
land, aged 73 years 6 months and 15 days.
C7Fri*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, ccrner of Port and Montgomery
streets, un-ler the ausDlces of Excelalor
Tx>dge No. 166. F. ' and A. M. Cremation
Odd Fallows' Cemetery. Remains at th»
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2G(itf Mis-
sion street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third.
NEWMAN— In thia city. February 4. 1004.
John, beloved »on of Ellen and the lat»
Thoir.as Newman, a native of Portland. Ore.,
aged 10 years & months and 29 days.
PIEPKR— In this city. February 4, 1004,
Louls« Plfoer, beloved wife of Leon Plep«r,
and daughter of the lat» Frederick and Car-
oline Schmidt, a. native of' Lippe.-Detmold.
Germany, .'i;-l SO years 2 months and 24
day*.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), at 10:45 . o'clock, from the)
funeral parlors of the It. F. Maass Company.
017 Mission atreet. IntPrment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
RICHER 1ST— In this city, February 3, 10OI.
William, belovetl husband of the late Alt'-*
Kickerby. and beloved father of Mra. W.
Ferns, Mrs. J. H. Knarston. Mrs. E. Nor-
ton. A. T. and William Rickerby, a native
of Hennlnffford. Canada, aged 53 years and
7 months. (Omaha, N'ebr.. aid New York
papers phase copy.)
E7Fricnd!« and acquaintances are re.<*pect-
fully invited t<\ attend the funeral service!*
Friday. February 5. 1904. at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of bia daughter. Mrs. J. II.
Knarston. 10CO CaDn street. Interment Cy-
pKss Lawn Cemetery, by electric cans
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2 o'clock.
ROSSI— In this city. February 4. 1904. An-
tone. dearly beloved son of Francesco and
Rosi*> Rosai. and beloved brother of Mary
and J.oul!>e Ros.ti. a native of San Francis-
co, aced 25 years and 4 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
February 7. 1901, at 1 o'clock, from ths
undertakes parlor* of Iaccherl. Duclos A
Co. ■ Interment Italian Cemetery. Pleas'*
omit flowers.
SCHMIDT— In this city. February 4. 1904.
Theodore, beloved son of John F. and Ther-
esa Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged 30
years 11 months and IS days.
STEVENSON— In Llvermore, February 4. 1904.
John Stevenson, beloved husband of Sarah
Stevenson, and father of William Le Che.
Elizabeth and John Stevenson, and step-
father ot Floyd D. Williams, a native of
Liverpool. England, aged 6S years and 3
months.
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, under tha auspices
of California Lodge No. 1 F. and A. M..
from Kins: Solomon's Hall. Masonic Tem-
ple. San Francisco. Please omit Cowers.
SANDERS— la tills city. February 3. 1904,
Ro6a, wife of the late Arnold Sanders, and
beloved mother ot Mrs. Adolph Goldberg,
Saul*A. Sanders And Mrs. Aaron Goldberg
of Hanford, a native of Germany, aced 1-i
years.
E7Funeral services will take place to-
day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at her !ata>
residence. ;i.:o'-> Clay street. Interment pri-
vate. No flowers.
SCHULTZE— In this city. February 4. 1904.
Louis Schultze. father of Mrs. R. Smith and
Edward Schultze, a native of Germany, aged
CO years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances, also mem-
bers of Crockett Lodxe No. 139. F. and A.
M.. Seneca Trio* Xo. 104. I. O. R. M.. Bar-
tenders' Internatonal Leaxue, Local No. 41,
Woman's Relief Corps No. 21, W. R. C, and
James A. Garfleld Post No. 34. G. A. R..
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
Sunday, February 7, at 1 o'clock, from th«
parlors of E. Castagnetto A Co.. 643-045
Vallejo street, tfcence to Washlngton-a<ruar«
Hall, corner of Stockton and Union streets,
where service* will be held. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio.
TORRE— In this city. February 3. 1004, John
S.. dearly beloved huspand of Adeline Torre,
and father of Lucille Torre, and beloved son
of Louis and Jennie Torre, and brother of
May.. Anxelo. Charles and tha lata Frank
Torre, a native of San Francisco, aared 23
years and 5 months. (Amador County papers
please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes plac*
on Friday. February 6, l'JOl, at 1 o'clock,
from the residence of his parents. 1321
Dupont street, corner Chestnut.
"WILSON— In Berkeley. Ca!.. February 4.' 1904.
Charlotte E., beloved wife of the late L. C.
Wllflon, and mother of Mrs. Nettie Tod-
hunter and Mrs. Frankie Harris Mutr. a na-
tive of Menton. Ohio, aged 69 year* It
months and 2 days.
C7 Notice* of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlor!* of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisadero street.
between Sutter and Bush.
■WINCHESTER— In Oakland. Cal.. February 4,
1004. Laura J.. wife of the late General J.
Winchester.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to excreta our heartfelt grati-
tude for the extreme sympathy accorded u*
in ocr 'nte bereavement in the death of
Patrick Mrvilynn.
MRS. P. McGLYN.V. J. E. McGLTNN.
J. J. McGLYNN. D. H. McGLYNN. T. A.
McGLYNN and M~RS. S. B. MERTE3.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERSL
. 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors - ~1 * Fm hi'Tm ftn
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. '
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 1ST,
Between Fourth and Flfth.«c»ar Fifth ft. '
, Finest Equipments at.Modwat* Rates. _J
1314
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Meager reports regarding the rain keep the markets nouwial.
New York stocks about the same. Cotton lower.
Local stocks and bonds exhibit no new features.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Rain weakens cash and future Wheat and breaks Barley.
Oats, Corn and Rye very quiet at the moment.
Hav and Feedstuffs not yet affected by the rain.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices. '
Butter quieter and lozvcr. Cheese as before.
High prices for Eggs close the shipping inquiry.
Provisions inactive and in ample supply.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Potatoes plentiful, but held in close hands.
Onions in demand and firm. Southern Vegetables steady.
Poultry steady. Game firm, with ducks higher.
Rainy weather ciiccks trade in Fruits.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
The Situation From a Banker's
Point of View.
The New York circular of Henry Clews eaye:
■"Clique operations infused a fair degree. of
activity on the Stock Exchange. Of strong
and substantial leadership there are few signs;
>*t it Is quite apparent that the heavy buy
er* who took stocks during the liquidation of
15O2 have bern holding for better figures, and
il«t to this extent at least th»v were working
In harmony with the lesser cliques. The re
cent advance, however, was sufficient to in
duce profit-taking at the first signs of weak
ness, and this explained the reaction which
followed in the latter part of the week.
"A powerful leverage was available In the.
crest abundance of money offered on call on
«>a*y terms which makes 5 per cent stock look
fairly eh*np at present figure*; «f>peeially in
view of the uronrer foundation resulting from
\+*i liquidation. It is quite- evident that these
are the two principal factors in the market
at prtsent. and It is premature to assume that
their force has yet been expended. No doubt
«e should see a much stronger market were
it not for the probability of war in the Far
na*t. the chances of an unfavorable Northern
Securities derision an«l the deterrent effect c.l
an approaching Presidential campaign. These
«-©nsideratlons wen quite sufficient to hold
speculation within safe limits; for disturbing
developments in any of these uncertainties
*ould pr^-lpltate more or less reaction. The
cotton speculation Is also a disquieting fea
ture, as it not only deranges trade in the
staple buV seriously affects manufacturers and
distributors of cotton goods.
GENERAL CONDITIONS.
"The condition of the country, es a whole. '
is both satiefactcry and sound. Our farming
classes are exceptionally prosperous, because
demand generally >ac overtaken supply. High
price* are being obtained for nearly all agri
cultural product*, and the situation Is such
that the American farmer seems assured of
another prosperous year. As for our indus
trial classes the? are certainly better off than
«-ver in their history. The only difficulty
hetf is that wages have risen to an almost
prohibitive point, and enterprise la consequent
ly checked until necessary concessions are
made; concessions which would mean no hard
ship to labor but Elmnly diminish the number
of unemployed. Among the mercantile classes
the situation is exceptionally sound. In this
<juartw there has been little overtrading, and
our merchants, as a class, have been singu
larly conservative acd fortunate In avoiding
too rapid expansion. Of course they have
been highly favored by the wonderful growth
rf the country in population and resourcee:
nevertheless the comparative absence of the
cpeculatlve ppirit among our trading classes
has been a wholesome and encouraging feature.
THE MANUFACTURING SITUATION.
"When we come to. the manufacturing situ
ation we tcuch the weakest spot in the nation.
Our great industrial combinations may be the
f»st ever made to do the world's work; but
th*y have been seriously handicapped at the
nart by the financial abuses which are too
:amillar to even" one. In many cases they are
100 big ar.a cumbersome to adjust themselves
readily to ohanping condition*-, and in nearly
all' cases they are so weighted down with
watered securities as to make their future
■till the most #friou* financial problem of the
futurr. Some day the readjustment here must
be made more complete; but that contingency
will probably be postponed to a later date
-hr.-uH tn» country continue otherwise pros
perous, and in all probability will then come
*o gradually as to avoid shock or panic.
Further, (t m»«t not be forgotten that, as said
above, the vituatinn in this respect has been
immensely rtrenglhrned by the forced liqui
dation of I&03. which effectually removed many
cf the weakest *pots.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
"Theie has teen a surprisingly rood demand
for bonds, and many of the recent new issues
have been readily taken. Our railroads show
a disposition to go flow in their improvements,
owing chiefly to the unsettled condition of
th»> Iron and «te<;I markets. As steel comes
down, hewever. to a more normal level orders
are likely to Increase and the railroads will
no doubt continue their outlays. At a later
period, therefore, it would cause no surprise
if tbelr demands upon th« money market were
to expand. The effect of war would unques-
Tlonably be temiorarily depressing, because of
th«* rtraln which any new war loans would
impose upon the international money market*.
American eheres In common with others would
be sold to provide funds. The decline, how
ncr. would not b» serious, and might as usual
be discounted in advance. Just now the Pres
idential compaign does not cut much of a
figure. This is probably explained by the be
lief that a revival of the issues of the last
two campaigns is impossible, and that In com
parison with them it will be a quiet affair.
"The general outlook for the market is con
*e«ruently favorable. There are some lm
poitant uncertainties, however, and prices have
already had an important recovery: » that
unfavorable developments might easily precipi
tate sharp reactions. This means a pood
trading market and a profit onvall good stocks
purchased on the sharp break."
Internal Revenue Collections.
The collections of Internal Revenue In th«
Fan Francisco dlctrlct during the month of
January were as follows:
'-■•W $23,857 50
£«*•• 82.M6 50
Fruit spirits 33.6*3 65
Grain *plrits 97.595 0«
Kxport stamps 43 30
«Ear» 16.329 87
' tMxette. 4,855 ai
Snuff 21 22
Tobacco 1,963 70
Hp*ci«l 4.494 74
Playing cards 30 54
Documentary - M
M Total .'..$235,834 95
The coltotlons last month showed an In
crease of $27,974 over January 1903. the total
collections In that month being $207,861.
Weather Report.
(I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as corfiFared with those of same date last
»«a*on and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This L*st
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Hurcka 3K.52
Red Bluff 0.18 J.I. 78 16.41
Sacramento 0.16 5.38 J0.5fl
Pan Francisco O.47 7157 10.64
Trtsno 0.00 1.45 fi.r.2
Independence 1.72
S«n Luis Obispo ©.«"•<• 2.M 10.51
Lo« Ar-gelcs O.O0 0.57 8.10
San Dlcso 0-00 0-45 6.37
THE COAST RECORD.
tT g E O m
3 J?* £= Sf ' <♦
STATIONS. I || 1 1 |§ I* f .
naker 29.38 4S S2 SW Rain 3l
Carson 23. 4S 52 26 S Snotr .0*
Eureka. 46
FardJlcc 29.76 64 47 S Cloudy . .30
Frew.o 29.76 62 40 SW Cloudy .00
rias>taff 28.94 &6 18 SW Cloudy .CO
Pocatello 23, 52 CO J«? E Cloudy .00
independence .'... ..36 .... ' ...
Is* Angeles. .30.03 f.l :>s p Cloudy . .00
Mt Tamalpaie.29.74 44 38 W Cloudy .72
Phoenix 29.82 76 36 XV Clear .00
Portland 2^46 4* 42 S Oondy .40
7«lJit Zlcves..2P67 ftO 11 W Cloudy .38
Bed Bluff 29.56 62 46. S Pt.Cldy .13
Roseburg 29.62 48 38 SE Cloudy 1.24
Sacramento ..29.72 50 32 SW Cloudy .16
Salt Lake 29.62 52 24 SE Cloudy .00
San Franc:sco.29.78 54 46 W Cloudy .46
S?. L. Oblepo..29.S8 52 . 38 .' N Pt.Cldy .60
Fan Diego 30.02 6S 46 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.42 50 . . S CJowdy .C6
Spokane 29.40 44 24 W Rain .01
Tatoosh 29. H6 50 40 N Cloudy 1.02
Walla Walla.. 29. 42 42 30 E Rain .14
Wlnnemucca .29.93 56 26 SW Cloudy .f>0
Yuma 29. SS 82 42 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of large area and marked intensity
moved In from the Pacific Ocean and now over
lies the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The pressure is very. low over the intermoun
ta'.n country and also on the .Washington coas^.
High winds prevail generally In California,
Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 20
degrees over Central and Northern California.
Heavy snow Is falling in the Sierras and
will probably continue Friday.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed
along the entire coast of California.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Point Reyes. 70 miles south: Tam
alpals. 45 south: Farallon. 60 south. Red Bluff,
34 southeast; Sacramento. 26 southeast; Car
son City. 40 south; Winnemucca, 52 south;
Modena. 44 southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 5:
Northern California— Rain Friday; fresh
southerly winds. "
Southern California — Rain Friday; brisk to
southerly winds.
Nevada — Snow Friday; high southwest
winds, diminishing.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Friday, with rain; brisk south
west winds. A. G. McADIE.
I District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS, j
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. 4.— Close— Prime mer
cantile paper. 4^i@5Vi P«r cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, then otead}*.
with actual business In bankers' bills at
$4.&56C®4.8505 for demand and at $4.6290^
4.83 for sixty day bill?.
Posted rate*. $4 S3%@4 86%
Commercial bills. $1 &2%@4 82?4.
Bar /"liver. 55«4c.
Mexican dollars, 42*4c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, ir
rectilar. t
Money on call was ea«y at 1%iQ2 per cent,
closing bid 1% per cent, offered at 2 per cent.
Time loans were slightly firmer. Sixty days,
3%@4 oer cent: ninety days, 4@4U per cent;
six months, 4V«$H% P«r cent.
Nerv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 4.— Stock market opera
tions to-day were under the same constraint
as fcr several days past, and the movement
of prices again became wavering and uncer
tain aJter yesterday's decided downward move
ment. The sharp break in the morning while
prices of cotton were slumping and the sub
sequent roily with cotton, pointed to a sym
pathy between the two movements which leaves
little doubt that the collapse in cotton is view
ed with rrore or less apprehension In Wall
street. The general apprehension that the
long-deferred crisis in the Russo-Japanese con
test was at last at hand was a factor In the
rta^natlon of stocks here as well a* In for
eign ptoc-k markets. The further jump In
(Train and tho drop in cotton are the empirical
condition? of a warlike outcome. The highly
artificial conditions in the commodity market*,
dus to the excessive speculative commitments,
Kivf- them a feverish sensibility that robs them
of safety- as an index of conditions. The most
imrortant event of the day to the financial
markets was the ten days' notice given by
the. Secretary of the Treasury of a demand
for payment or 20 per cent of Government de
ports with national banks. This calls for about
$30,000,000 payable at New York. It is highly
probable, therefore, that interior Government
depositories wUl draw on their deposits with
New York banks to meet the Government's
call. As the Secretary's call says nothing of
further withdrawals or deposits in contempla
tion. Boms relief was afforded from the effect
caused by intimations heard yesterday that
the first call was soon to be followed by an
other for 10 per cent more of deposits. The
conjectural estimates of the effects upon the
money market here of the Panama canal pay
ments have counted upon the portion to be
paid directly from the United States treasury
as so much additinonal resources released to
the money market. The realization has been
growing that a larger portion than at first
supposed would have to be met by withdrawal
of Government deposits, and the quiet ac
ceptance given by the markets to the Secre
tary's call shows that it« amount had been
pretty accurately foreseen In financial rirrles.
As to the effect on the money market of thes*
withdrawals. It is clearly dependent upon the
•"kill with which the banking in connection
with the payment Is carried through. A re
\i\al of war talk wan responsible for the sharp
recession in prices Just »t the close, which
was rather weak. Tiuylnr of United States
, Stf-«1 stock at an advance of a point waa
without explanation, and was 4 factor In the
recovery of price* from the opening depression
Bonds were Irregular. Total sales, par value
$2,710,000.
United States bonds wore unchanged on call
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 22,500 cn% «O ea
Atchison rfd .... 600 DO jy»r; m>7'
Bait A Ohio 18,100 82% 82'i S2U
Bait fc Ohio pfd - ..„ 01"
Canadian Pac ....'3,100 118' 1171: J171;
Cent of New Jersey 300 159 159' jjs
Chesa & Ohio ... 1.000 33% r^tK *asi
Chicago t Al«on .. 200 3S 38 37
Chi & Altcn pfd siU
Clil & Greatwestern 600 lfi if.ii 1514
Chi * Northwest.. 200 165 165 165
Chi Mil ft Bt Pau! 22.200 143 141 »i 142%.
C M & St P pfd .... ;'. 4 ijfliT;
Chi Term * Trans 100 10% 10ii iou
C T i T pfd 200 22U »2 21K
C C C & St Louis.. 10<) 79 7«» 7S
rolo Southern 1.100 - 17?i 17M 1714
Colo Bouth 1st pM 10O* M Ml 55
Colo South 2d pfd 300 25*4 25 -5V.
Dela & Hudson ... 2.000 164% 1C3% 1*";i£,
Dela Lack & West ..• . "(M^
I)en & Rio Grande. ino 21 21 «oii
Hen A Rio Gr pfd R00 71 70»i 70U
Krie 7..%0O 27% 27 27
Hrl* Irt pfd 1,400 can CS« ?„-.»;
V.rio 2<1 rti 600 46U 45% 4fi
Hocking Valley ... ...'? 75
Ho.king Val pfd . 100 R-.S4 Rns4 $21;
Illinois Central 800 129% 12S% 12S*4
Iowa Ontral ..: .'. ..-.. 20
Iowa Cent pfd j»s
Kans City Southern ;-; jfcit
Kaos C S pfd Sfl !
LouiKV & NashV.. 1.R00 in5?4 10.1U 10T,li
Manhattan L 1.300 - 142% 14K4 14«»
Metro Securities .. 700 KT»' Rt R4
Metropolitan St Ry 1.100 119 Us 118
I Minn & Ft Louis on
Minn Bt P ft fi 8 M 100 f,2 <S fi*»
MSP*SBM pfd 100 122 122 12°
Missouri Pacific .. 10.100 92% 91 »i 02
I Mo Kans & Tex .. 900 17% 17' lijii
I Mo Kans & T pfd 200 30 C8% .*?7t'i
Nat R R of M pfd .... 28
New Yorlt Ontral 700 118« HRt4 HSU
Norfolk & Western 1,300 59% 63 69"?
Nor & Wert pfd • 59 **
Northern Securities 92U
Ontario & Western 1.100 22*i 22 22
Pennsylvania .. ..104,000 118*4 117*: Hsu
P C C & Et L 10U Cl : Gl 61
Reading 11,400 44«4 43% 43%
Reading l*t pfd .. 100 SO 80 78
Reading 2d pfd... .- &%n
Rock Island Co 800 24 23% 23M*,
Rock Island Co pfd 2.300 64% «tf 631?-
St L tk S F 2d pfd 200 47-"4 46 45%"
St Ixjuls SW .'. ]3s;
fit L SW pfd 300 33% 33 33
Southern Pacific .. 38,400 49% 48% 4S?4
Southern Railway . 1,700 22 21 »i 21 *£
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
South Rail pfd .. 1,600 82% 81$, 82%
Texas & Pacific .. 2.100 25V* 24% 24%
Tol St L & West 25
T St L &. W pfd -1614
Union Pacific 29.S0O 80% 79»i SO
Union Pacific prd . J0O 01% 91% 91%
Wabash 300 20 l»*i 19%
Wabash pfd 1..J00 38 tt 37Si 37}*
Wheel & Lake Erie 700 1-% 16% 16%
Wisconsin Central. 100 19% 19Vt 19%
Wlscon Cent pfd.. 300 43% 43% 43%
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American : 190
United States 105
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous—
Amalgam Copper.. 88,000 48% 48 48
Am Car & Fdry. . (500 19 % 19 19
Am C & Fdry pfd 68
Am Cotton Oil . ' 3rt
Am Cotton Oil pfd 88
American Ice 200 8 8 8.
Am Ice pfd 400 31% 3l>4 30%
Am Linseed Oil 10%
Am Lin Oil pfd../ 28
Am Locomotive Y. 1,400 21 20% 20%
Am Locomo pfd... 200 - 78% "78 78%
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 1,800 49'i ' 4I» 49%
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 1,400 91% 01 % 91" 2
Am Bugar Rfg. .. 10,600 126% 124»i 125%
Anecon Mining Co 100 08% 68% 68
Brook Rap Trans. 20,100 .43% 42% 43
Colo Fuel & Iron. 1.900 32% 30% 31
Consolidated Gas.. 6,600 1«1% 190% 190% |
Corn Products .... 1,100 19% 19 19-
Corn Products pfd 69*4
Distil Securities .. 400 24 24 23 %
General Electric .. 100 172 172 171 '
Internatl Paper 12
Int Paper pfd .... 200 60 66 65 I
Internatl Pump .... 33 u '
Int Pump pfd .« 72
National Lead ... 100 15 15 15
North American . . ■ • 100 S4% <S4% S3
Pacific Mall 1,000 29»i 29' 29«i
People's Gas 1,600 100% WK loo'
Pressed Steel Car. 300 "304 30' 30%
Pressd St Car pfd , «8;2
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 21514 21514 215
Republic Steel 100 / 7% 7% 7%
Uep Steel pfd lOrt /44J4 44>i 44ii
Rubber Goods 400 / 20 194: 19«i
Rubber Goods pfd .... 75
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2,400 37% 36 S«%
U S Leather 400 7% 7U 79!
U 3 Leather pfd.. 200 77% 77% 77^
U S Realty 2,400 8 7'i 7«i
U S Realty pfd... ll,»0O 56% 54% &5%
U S Rubber 300 12S 1214 12%
U 8 Rubber pfd.. ".100 60.% 50 M
U S Steel 13,500 11% 10% 11
U S Steel pfd 63,200 56 64% 56%
Westinghouse Elec . 300 164 163 162
western Union • gg
Total sales 499,700 shares.
UNITED* RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Francisco, 1000 at
$79 62%; 10,000 at $79 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
raSTJXi sJ d 8Ti> asked 4; preferrea « bl «
NEW TORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg ..104*4 Man con gold 4s.lO3U
Do coup 104»i Mex Cent 48^... 6SH
1» 3s reg 106 Do 1st IncT... 14%
Do coup 106 Minn & St L 4s. 97
•Do new 4s re&.132>4 m, K & Tex 4s.. 97%
Wo coup 132% M. K & Tex 2ds. 78%
Do old 4s reg. 107 NR of Mex con 4s 74%
°o coup 107 NYC gen 3%s.. 98
Atch gen 4s 09*4 N J C gen As... 131
Do adjt 4» 8SS Nor Pac 4s 103 &
Atlantic C L 4s. 93% Do 3s 72
Balto & O 4*...1O1»4 Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Do 3%g 94?4 OSL 4s & panic. 92»i
Cent of Ga 5s.. 105% Pa conv 3%s 90%
Do 1st inc 70% Reading gen 4a... 9«%
Ches & O 4%s...l(r.% SL & I M con BdlSU
Chi & Alton 3^s. 76 8 L * S F (5 4s. 8.5%
C B & Q n 4s... H.1«4 st Louis SW lste. 93%
O M & S P g 4s. 108 I. Seaboard A L 4s. «S<S,
Chi & N We 7s. 129% So Pac 4s 8S*i
C R I & P R R 4s 70% So Railway 5s... 113%
Do col 6s 81 % Tex & Pac l«ts..U6*i
C C C & S L B 4s 97«4 T. St L & W*4s. 71
Chi Term 4s 78% Union Pac 4s....lO.t
Con Tobacco 4s.. 56% Do conv 4s 06?;
Colo & So 4s ... 87 L" S Steel 2d 5s. 72'4
Denver & R G 4s. JtS Wabash lsts 115%
Krie prior lien 4». 98VJ Do deb B 64»i,
Do gen 4a S5»4 W & L Erie 4s.. $M)t4
F W & D Q lsts.105% Wls Cent 4s 8»ti
Hocking Val 4%s.lC5% C F & I conv 5s. 67
L & N unified 4s. 98% .. > -
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 07
Alice. 18 Ontario 6 00
Breece ]O Ophir 345
Bruns Con C5 Phoenix 03
Com Tunnel 07 F'otosl 18
Con Cal & Va. . 1 50 Savage 44
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev 85
Iron Silver 1 25 Small Hopes i>0
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 25-
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. R7»i N T Central... ..122%
Do for acct 8S Nor & Western.. 61%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd <H
Atchlson 71% Ont & Western.. 22%
Do pfd 'Xly t Pennsylvania 60?i
Bal & Ohio 85 Rand Mines fl*i
Can Pacific 121 Reading "">il
Ches & Ohio 34% Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 1CV4 Do 2d pM.... 30
Chi, Mil & St P.. 140% So Railway .-22%
De Beers 19% Do pfd S5
Den & Rio G 21 % So Pacific 50>4
Do P'd ~"\i Union Pacific 82%
Eric :wft Do pfd 93KJ
Do 1st pfd »r7*4 U S Steel n'
Do 2d pfd...... 47% Do pfd 56^
111 Central 133 Waba«h "ii2
Louis & Nash.. .108% Do pfd 39
M. K & Tex 17»i
Bar silver— Steady. 25 ll-16d per ounce
Money — 2j?4 per cent. • •
Th« rate of discount In the open market for
phort bills is 2*4 <g 2"4 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%<g2 15. i« per cent.
Eastern Cotton Market.
«EF,) V OR^ LE^ NS> reb - 4 — Cotton ' nominal.
Middling, 15 6-16c. -
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— The cotton market
opened weak at a decline of 47®59 points on
the old and 15@20 points on th* new crop
months, under continued liquidation and sell
ing for short account, accompanied by the
wildest excitement and confusion. Cables re
ported a net decline of 20^26 points at the
hour of .local opening and with no show of
bull support, the news from the Far East
threatening and bear confidence strengthened
the market after some little Irregularity turned
very weak. After March had been forced
down to 15.30c, May to 15.59c and July to
15.74c, a net loss on these months of about
61 to C6 point*, the entrance Into the ring
of the bull leader, who bid for May and July
restored confidence to some extent. The N#v
Orleans rrowd began buying in volume and
the market steadied up until it was within
10 or 16 points of yesterday's close. Follow
ing this the market in the late trading exhib
ited the most sensational fluctuations of the
day or season, or for ■ that matter in the
history of the exchange. Shortly before clos
ing a rumor wan circulated that war had been
declared between Russia and Japan, and this
precipitated the market Into the wildest con
fusion. Long cotton wan fairly,, poured out
from alt »ide». July broke about 70 points In
20 minutes, while In New Orleans It lout
nearly 106 points in the same time. From
15.83c, the high point for March locally, that
option was depressed to 14.77c: May sold down
from 16.12c to 15.0!>c, and July from 16.22c to
15.23c, these, prices representing net de
clines of lMfillO points. The market closed
at nearly the lowest, or at a net loss or 104
to 132 points on the old and of 30 to 50
points on the new cro:> months. Sales were
estimated at SOO.000 bales.
, New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Feb. -4.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,400 barrels; exports, 3400 barrels. Firmly
held. . but with trade . firm. Minnesota pat
ents. $4 85®5 15. • .
WHEAT — Receipts, 2900 bushels; exports.
60,000 bushels; sales. 4,400,000 bushels futures.
Spot, firm; No. " red, 95c elevator; No. 3 red.
ns%<» f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern • Duluth.
$1 03?« f. o. b. .afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal f. o. b. afloat. With a broadening
speculative trade, wheat had another 'strong
advance to-day, closing %<81c net higher.
Besides war scare, the market was Influenced
by higher cables, bullish sentiment, a "large
outsfldo demand and smaller Western receipts.
May, 95%0y9O%c, closed 96%c; July closed
w>mc; September closed 63%c. • '•
HOPS— Firm. . .
*WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, nominal: No. 7 Invoice,
7;ic; mild, steady: Cordova, 8*4i? l ii>%c. The
market for coffee futures ■ opened weak at a
decline of 5®15 points on the near months and
of D0@65 points on the later positions. , The I
activity and excitement on the call surpassed
all previous records. While the market ruled
fairly steady at the opening level, there was
little tendency toward recovery. There was
continued covering and heavy selling by Im
porting Interests, who. It was eald. were at
tempting to shake out the speculative long in
terests who have recently entered the market.
With cotton sensationally weak, people" who
were long of both markets • found themselves
In a position where liquidation became a ne
cessity. Shortly after midday the, market
steadied up about 20 points, but In the tatter
trading weakened again and upon rumors that
war had been declared in the Far East became
absolutely demoralized, with cotton •. easier.
The market closed irregular at a net decline
of 80^105 points. Sales were 689,250 bags, in
cluding: March,* «.25®7c; April. ; 6.40<f?7.15c;
May, 6. 555? 7.20c; July, 6.80®7.3Oc; August.
'7.35c; September, 7.05@7.30c; October, 7.25©
7.35c; November, 7.60c: December, 7.35@7.85e.
. DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATKD APPLES— The market is
quiet. Common are quoted at 4@5c; prime at
5%©5%c; choice at 5%@6c, asd fancy at
6%&7c. ■ • ■,-•,-.
PRUNES— Are In an unsatisfactory demand
locally and ruled rather easy as to undertone,
with quotations, however, unchanged, rangln?
from 314 to 6%c for all grades.
APKICOTS — Are showing increasing strength
and are firm. Choice are quoted at 9Vi@9%c;
extra choice. 9*;@10%c; fancy, ll®16c.
PEACHES— Are moving more rapidly.
Choice are quoted at 7 1 ,i@7*ic; extra choice,
7?i@8yjc, and fancy at 9@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— The London tin mar
ket waa lower, spot declining £1 and futures
15s, the former closing at £125 2s 6d, while
futures closed at £125 5e. Locally tin Is
without important change, with the tone
steady. Spot is quoted at $27 60@28.
The London copper market declined 7s 6d
to £55 173 6d for spot and £55 10* for fu
tures. . Locally copper was quiet. Lake,
$12 25@12 50; electrolytic, . $12 25@12 50. and
casting, $12 12%@12 37%. ■
Lead advanced 2s 6d to £11 5s in the Lon
don market, and was steady here at $4 45®
4 CO.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 15s in Lon
don and at $4 80@5 in the local market. Iron
closed at 50a Id In Glasgow and 42s 6d In
Middlesboro.- Locally Iron ■ was Unchanged
and nominal.
j Chicago Board of Trade. |
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— All cereals made new
lilgh-r^cord marks to-day. Active buying on
the apparent certainty of war was the cause.
Owing to the critical state of affairs in the
Far East wheat traders were keyed up to a
high • pitch at the opening. Shorts were so
energetlo in their efforts to get under cover
and the pit was so bare of offerings that before
the Initial demand was satisfied the price or
May was bid up %@%c to 1%@1%c above
last night's close, sales being made at 94>.4c to
»5%c. July was up V 4 c to lc at 85c to 85*4c
When May reached 95%c, which is a new high
record mark 'for the crop, active profit-taking
set In. Large quantities of wheat were put
out by commission houses and there was con
siderable' short selling. There was also some
selling In July, which was credited to the
leading long operator. The bull trader, how
ever, did not open business at any time dur
ing the day. As the session advanced the
market became quieter. Prices eased off under
a load of liquidation .until at one. time July
sol dunder yesterday's final figure, or at S4*4c.
a decline of l%c from the top. May sold off
to 94c, with. little, demand at the decline. The
market remained quiet and comparatively
steady until near the close, when another sharp
rally occurred. On renewed* rumors -of, warlike
moves commission houses became active buy
ers and shorts again started on a wild rush to
cover. The last few minutes of trading were
almost as tumultuous as were the opening ones,
and the volume of business was exceedingly
heavy. Prices at the close were near the top.
May being at 95*8@95%c. a net gain for the
day of l»4c. July closed %@lc higher at 85%<5
85*ic.
The opening in corn was full of excitement,
as was the early trading in wheat. At first it
was all rush to buy. May was up %@%c to
Hi@l%c at 55%c to 56Vic. Within the first
few minutes of trading May sold at 56*4c. but
at that price the market ran Into heavy offer
ing from holders. Under heavy realizing sales
prices gradually worked their way down until
May had declined to 55c. Shortly before the
close a renewed demand sprang up, which car
ried prices well toward the top, final figures
on May being at 5t!c. a net gain for the day of
l@l%c.
Oats had the same wild experience as the
other markets at the opening, prices going up
sharpl" on general commission house buying
and active covering by shorts. May opened
Uc to *ic higher at 46%c to 46Vic. and within
fifteen minutes had advanced to 46%c. The de
cided rise brought out heavy liquidation. May
went back to 45 %c. Another rally occurred
near the end of the session and May closed %c
higher «t 46\4c.
Trading In provisions opaned with a big move
ment similar to the conditions witnessed In the
grain pits. Offerings were very Uht at the
start, which resulted In a considerable ad
vance In prices. Later there was heavy selling
of May lard by a prominent long. With the
break in grains the selling became general and
most of the early gain was »ost. The market
rallied later with wheat and corn and the close
wa« Htrong, with May pork up 7%c.
The leading futures ranged a« follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 95% 95% flt 35%
July 8574 85*4 Rt«4 R5»i
September ... SI SI 70S 80%
Corn No. 2 —
February.... 52 K2% T>2 . K*' a
May .... .V5»4 56*» B5 JWS
July 52 52 50% 51%
Oats No. 2— • .
February ... 43% 43% 42% 43%
May <6\4 4«% ' 45% 46V*
July 39% «40 39% 39«4
Mess Pork, per barrel—
May 13 67% 13 S5 13 67% 13 72%
Lard, per 100 pounds . ." .
May. ....... 7 «O 7 75 7 5T% 7 62%
July 7 70 7 SO 7 62% 7 67%
Short ribs, per ICO pounds-
May « 85 8 00 B 80 6 82%
July 7 00 7 02% 6 92% 0 W
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 4. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firmer. No. 2 spring wheat,
SSf'J3c; No. 3, Sp«02c; No. 2 red. 93®97%c:
No 2 corn. 52 l ic: No. 2 yellow. C2Uo; No. 2
oats, 4:{ii@43»i: No. 3 white. 43%@45%c; No.
2 rye, 62c; good feeding barley. 39@41c: fair
to choice malting, 47^58%c; No. 1 flax seed,
$1 11; No. I Northwestern, $1 IS; prime tim
othy seed, y.i 15; mess pork, per 'jarrel.
$13 62%<5i:i 75; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 42%$*
7 45; short ribs sides (loose). $6 67%#6 S7%;
short clear side« (boxed), -.$6 87%@7; whisky,
basis of hleh wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $10 75#H.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28.800 . 5U.S00
Wheat, bushels 46.900 4S.C00
Corn, bushels 260,600 304, 900
Oats, bushels 190,400 »9 t s00
Rye. bushels 5,900 5.S0O
Barley, bushels 107,600 59.700
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market was firm.
Creameries, 15«m%c; dairy. 13%@20c. Eggs,
firm, 28@30c. Cheese, steady. 10@10%c.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts.
8000. Steady to easy. Good to prime steers,
$505 65; poor to medium. $4 25@4 85; stock
em' and feeders. $2 2504 10; cows. $1 50®4 20;
helfern, $204 70; canhers, $1 50@2 40; bulls,
$2^4 15; calves, $3 50@7 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 27,000: to-morrow,
25,000. ■ Slow to 10c lower. Mixed and butchers'.
$4 7. r .(g5; good to choice heavy. $4 90@5 05;
rough heavy, $4 8004 90; light. «4 40@4 50;
bulk of sales. $4 50® 4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4©4 60; fair
to choice mixed, $3 75<94; Western sheep, $4@
4 90; native lambs, $4 50$?5 75; Western lambs,
$4 60<§6. • . ;-'' : .T:i -n
Miscellaneous Markets.
■•■■■-;■ •■•'■>'■ .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
i Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 4% tt 3%
Closing ...MS, 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— ,. •.; Feb. May- Aug.
Opening 21 16 21 20
Closing 21 10 21 25
Flour — - ' ■'
Opening 29 15 428 75 :.
Closing 29 15 28 SO
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 4.— Wool, nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, i7fiT2ic:
light fine, 15@17%c; heavy- -fine, 12@14%c;
tub washed, 2C@30%c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Feb. 4.— Clearings. " $554,191;
balances. .5113.794.
TACOMA. Feb. 4. — Clearings, $303,030;
balances, $52,282. "
PORTLAND. Feb. 4.— Clearings. $545,181;
balances, $81,191. , ■ . ■
' SPOKANE, Feb. 4.— Clearings, $319,360;
balances, $48,501. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 4.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 74c; blue stem. 80c: valley. 79c-
The total wheat shipments for the week end
ing to-day were 268,530 bushels. -':«■
WASHINGTON. *tt**7*li
TACOMA, Feb. 4— Wheat, lo higher - for
blue item at ; 80c; . clu>, 79c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Beyond a fractional \ Improvement In Sliver
there was no change of importance yesterday.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 833*
Sterling Exchange, Bight. ....... — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87',i
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 41 0 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were firmer, and
at Paris distinctly higher. Chicago was very
active and advanced from OSftc to 95%c.
This market was lower ln'sr>Ite of the Chi
cago advance, as the rain affected it. . Cash
crain, however, showed no change, but was
dull.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. .51 37%@1 42%: California
White Australian. $1 45@l 50; Northern Club,
$1 38?; 6141 %; Northern Bluestem. $1 47%Q>
1 50; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
, Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 30% ?1 37 $1 3O»4 fl 37
2 p. m. Session.
•Open. High. ' Low. Close.
May $1 87% $1 38 $1 37% 51 3S
BARLEY — The rain broke lutures several
points and the cash grain declined in sympa
thy, with a very dull and nominal market, no
gales being reported. ,
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 OS%&1 10; Shipping and Brtw
ing, $1 15® I 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a.' m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 0<> $100 $104 $104%
December ... 1 04% 104% .103% 103%
■ 2 p.- m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 05 $105% $105 $105%
May 1 03% 1 03% 1 03% 1 03%
OATS — There was nothing new yesterday.
The market was very dull In sympathy with the
other grains.
, White, $120®l 37%; Black. $1 25@1 53; Red,
$1 20ft 1 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Grays $1 32% p;r ctl.
CORN — Quiet and firm at unchanged prices.
Western sacked. $1 30gl 36 for Yellow. $1 30
©1 32% tor White and $1 30@l 32% for Mixed:
California large Yellow. $1 35©1 37%; small
round do, $1 40@l 50: White, $1 25@1 30 per
ctl; Egyptian; $1 45@1 65 for white and $1 25
for brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl. /
"BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUS— California Family Extras, $4 60@
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 50@4 CO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 U0@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour; $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25- Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream' do, $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour.*$4 50®4 75;. Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50;. Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@S 60; in sacks. $0 754J8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peae. boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The rain interfered more or less with the
Hay market yesterday morning,' but prices were
unchanged. Buyers bid up to within 50c per
ton of tlnp top quotations without securing any
supplies. Dealers look for a suspended and
nominal market until the extent and quantity
of the rainfall are determined. If the State
receives a general wetting it Is expected that
the advance will be checked for the present:
but if not. then the market will continue as
strong as before.
There was nothing new in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $21 ©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 60@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton. ,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50H24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $29 50@31;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22: Corn
Meal $28 50@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29@30;
Mixed Feed. *21 50«22 50: Horse Beans. $:JO®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $15c<il8: Wheat and Oat. $140
17; Oat. $14«?17; Wild Oat. $14^16; Barley,
$12@14 50; Stock, nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$12® 13 60 per ton. >
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The rain Interfered with business yesterday
and the market exhibited no new features.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 50; Pea, $3; But
ters. $3 60; small White, $2 90©3; large White.
$2 20S2 60; Pink. $2 85@3: Red, $4 2504 50;
Lima. $3 25®3 M>; Red Kidneys, $4 25#4 50;
Blackeye $2 15@2 25 per* ctl: Horse Beans,
$2iff2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard. *2 C5@? 80; Flax. $1 S0@l 00: Canary.
5@5Uc for Eastern: AHalra, 14@14%c: Rape.
lV4@2c: Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp. 3UW3%c per
lb; Millet, 3^3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriotions of table Burbanks were
firmly held at the previously quoted rates.
Stocks were plentiful and the demand was
light, but the market was controlled by a few |
dealers, who held the bulk of the supplies and '
prices were maintained. The steamer Oregon. |
which whs expected yesterday with nearly
10.000 sacks, is barbound on the Columbia
River and Is not expected to reach here before
Saturday, in which event there will bo no
fresh supplies on the market before Monday.
Sweet Potatoes were held at flrrrfer prices, but
moved rather slowly. Onions were in good re
quest and dealers were obliged to pay the top
quotation for the best Oregon stock.
New Potatoes from Alameda County were
offering at 3©4c per pound and were easily
disposed of at those figures. Receipts of String
Beans, Peas, Egg Plant and Green Peppers
from Los Angeles continued light and choice
lots were readily marketed at steady rates. '
Summer Squash and Tomatoes from the same
region were moro plentiful than usual, but
prlce« were well maintained. There was not
much demand for Rhubarb and prices were
shaded, although only a few Doxes were re
ceived. No Asparagus came In.
POTATOES — Hurbanks from the river. 80c©
(1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 40@l 60 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 10@l 35 per ctl;
River Reds. 60@75c per ctl; Garnet Chiles. 90c !
(f?$l p*r ctl; Early Rose. l»Oc@Sl per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 15«i2 2.">.per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $1 60®l 75 per ctl: Green
Onions. 60(©75c per box..
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 5@7c per lb;
String Beans. 15@17%c per lb: Wax. SS12%c:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, $1@1 50 per box
or crate; Rhubarb. 7(§Sc .A>er lb: Summer
Squash from Los AngelCs. $1©1 50 per box;
Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots, 60= per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l per dozen for ,
small and $1 50@2 for large; Garlic. 5
ft-fic per. Ib; Kgg Plant, 20c per
Ib; Dried Peppers. 5®Sc per lb for Stock
ton and 10#12%c for southern: Dried Okra,
12%c per lb; Green Peppers, 8@12%c per Ib:
Mushrooms. 40<S?75c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubb-'.rd Squash. *10<j"15 per ton for round
tots and %®?4c per lb for sacked.
Poultry'and Game.
Two cars of Western Poultry were marketed,
making four for the week, and moved off well
at good prices. Receipts of domestic stock
were moderate and youn«r fowl continued to
meet with a srood demand at previous prices.
Old Hens, and Roosters we.re weaker owing to I
the liberal offerings of Western, but prices were I
no lower. About 50 cases of dressed Turkeys I
came In and met with a fair Inquiry at the
previously quoted rates.
In the. market for Game Ducks had the most
call, and desnltc the fact that the birds were
poor and thin all descriptions were quoted
higher. Hare were abundant and lower.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. lS@21c per lb:
live TurUtys, 15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2@2 25; Goslings, $262 25: Ducks. $5 ."0510
per dozen for old and $«Wi7 for young; Hens.
$5 503:6 for large and $4 60@5 50. for small:
young Roosters. $6<$7; old Roosters. $5@
5 60; Fryers. $5 C0@«: Broilers. $4 6005 for
large find $3 6004 60 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25<&l 50 per. dozen for old and $2 25@2 50
for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3<S4 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3^5: Sprig. $2@2 50; Teal,
$1 5001 75; Widgeon. $1 504il 75; small Durks.
$l^Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. 75c@
$1 5.1; Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkees, $4 50 for large and $:; 50 for small:
English Snipe. $3: common Snipe. SIJtO; Wild
Doves, '$1: RRbblts, $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
. -Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Most dealers reported a decline in Butter,
which wax dull with larger supplies than
have existed of late, while the demand was
correspondingly slow. It Is believed that the
top has been reached for this season, and that
if the State gets a good . wetting prices will
recede from now on. Some houses continued
to quote 31c for fancy creamery. . but this
figure was realized only in a small' way '
Cheese remains as previously quoted ' with
the rriarket still overstocked.
Those brokers who have been shipping Eggs
to the East and north reported yesterday that
the shipping ' demand was now about satis
fled, ' and that any further business in this
direction was out of the question at the pres
fnt high .prices. The second of the two cars
or the East was reported finally made up
yesterday, but the broker had a hard job get
ting the Eggs together, owing 1 to the scarcity
of stock. Prices showed no change. Receipts
were again in excess of 1000 cases, as will be
seen. . . ,
Receipts were 31,400' lbs Butter. 1079 cases
Eggs and 29,800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 29c for first*. 30c for
[extras and 26ft 2V for seconds; dairy. , lSf?22c;
1 store. Butter, nominal; cold storage. . 21 <ff22c
for extras, 17@20o for seconds and 16®18c~for
ladle-packed.- v . ..' .
CHEESE— 10%@ll%c for good to choice new
and 9<810c for lower grades: Young Amer
icas, ll(312c; Eastern, 15316c; Western 140
15''. per lb. . , , , '
> EGGS— Ranch. 26Q27c for choice to fancy
and 25c for small and mixed colors; store.
25@26c; cold storage, about cleaned up and
nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local trade in Fruits was quiet owlnff to
the rainy weather, but a better feeling pre
vailed, particularly among handlers of Citrus
fruits, as It was generally expected that the
rain would 'be followed by a period of warm
weather, which would materially Increase the
demand. Aa it was. trading was confined
chiefly to large Navels and fancy 96a were
held at a substantial advance over the quota
tions. Fine large Grape Fruit was also held
at a premium, but the general run of offer
ings sold within the quoted range. The other
Citrus fruits were dull and featureless. Four
cars of Oranges are expected for to-day's
auction.
There was nothing new to report in Ap
ples. Pears or Bananas.
APPLES — 91 75t?2 per box for extra
fancy; $1 25$(1 50 for ordinary fancy, Sictj*l
for choice and 60975c for common.
PEARS- Winter Nellis from cold storage.
$1 75'&'2 per box.
riTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 C0©2
per box for fancy, $1 2501 75 for choice and
50r@$l for standards: Seedlings. 50c<3$l:
Tangerines, 75c@$l 60 per box; Lemons. $1 75
®2 6" for fancy. $1 2.VHI 60 for choice anJ
T."cfl$l for standard: Grape Fruit, $1 50<g2 50:
Mexican Limes. $4®4 50; Bananas. $162 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2®2 50 for Central
American; Pineapples. $1 50®2 50 per doxen for
Central American and $OQ5 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7^i«S*4c for Royals and 9
011c for MoorparUs; Evaporated Apples, 49
5%c; iup-dried. 3®4e; Peaches, 4©6%c; Pears.
6©10c; Nectarines. 4®5%c; rigs, white, 4@l»4c
in box;s; black, 4%c; Plr s. pitted, 6ff9c per
r °PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%«2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS-7The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades,
60-lb cases— 2-crown Loose Muscatels. BVic per
lb; 3-crown 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedlers Sultanas, unbleached, 4 Vic; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $J; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25. usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-os
cartons, per lb. 7*4c; fancy 12-ox cartons, per
package. «*4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice l«-oz cartons, per lb. 7 Vic; choice 12-o»
cartons, per package. «Uc; cholca bulk car
tons per lb 7'ic; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-02 cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5-%c; bulk,
seeded Seedll.tga. Muscatels, per lb. 6* 4 c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, l.JViigi4c;
No. 2. ll%JJl2c; No. 1 hardshell. l.fal.;Vre;
No. 2 ll(g.llV»c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOUc for I X L, 10>4c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*ic fcr Languedoc: Peanuts. ti<37c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5; Chest
nuts, 5@7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, lOgll^c for white and 8M*
9%c for amber; water white extracted. 5®
5lic: light amber extracted. 4%@4*4c; dark.
3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues dull and featureless at
previous prices. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy ll%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured:
Kaitern sugar-cured Hams. l-'Msc: California
Hams, 12%®13c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $12«12 50; Family $13; prime
Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $24; Mets. $18;
Dry Salted Pork, lie; Pig Pork. $27; Pigs'
Feet; $5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for
compound and 9!ic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9 He: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb Un», lOVic; 3-lb tins,
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 9c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8 s ic; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c: medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags, 6c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%c; dry .Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25iQ30c each;
short Wool. 40<8tS5c each; m«dlum 70®90c: long
Wool $1@1 M>: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large' and ?2'42 50 fcr medium. $1 25<pl 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 50c for Colt?. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ib; No.
2, S^c: grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs', n®
lie- Middle County. ll©12c: Northern . De
fective, OSlOc: Nevada. 13fJ15c; Oregon, fine,
18ei9c: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 23«30c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17©2Oc for crop of IWi.
Meat Market.
There was nothing new yesterday except
j the rain, and as very meager reports were re
j ceived from the Interior nobody knew how far
i It extended or the amount of the ralnfull, so
1 the market was not affected, one way or the
other. DRESSED* MEATS.
Wholesale rate3 from slaughterers to dealers
are a» follows:
BEEF— «%S7%c for Steers and 686%c per
lb for Cows. •
VEAL— Large. 8®9c: small. OglOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c; Ewes. 9£9%c
LAMB — Yearlings, 10%ailc per 1b; Spring.
t5.fi 1 fie.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7<?8%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Kranclsco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8fi9c: Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Cows. 4g5e per lb.
CALVES — l«4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%@5c: Ewes. 4;4&4%c
per lb ( gross weight). .
LAMBS — 5@5%c per !*>•
HOGS — Llvo Hogs, 140 to ISO lb*. 5U©5%c;
ovtr ISO lbs. 5c; soft Hogs. 4%c; Sows. 20 per
cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%@5Uc; San Quentin.
5.&5c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%9
I Sc.
I COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 CO; Bea
ver Hill. $6: Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50&
13 per ton in hulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
.$12 SO per long ton. according t« brand. ■
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 6O@7Oc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels 58c for Ceylon and 55i
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whal* Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. 60e: extra winter strained Lard Oil S3c-
No. I Lard OH. 75c: pure Neatsfoot OH 75c"
j No. 1 Neatsfoot OH. 65c: light Herring Oil 43c :
dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 3Rc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c. aint
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21 %c: Astral
21%c; Star. 21 %c: Extra Star. 25 %c; Elaine
27%c: Eocene. 24%c: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 17c: In cases. 23%c: Benzine in
bulk. 13c: In cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasol'ne.
In bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c. . «a*oi.ne.
TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon In cases and
S2c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead (l-n
7c per lb: White Lead. 6%e7c. accordlne to
quantity.
, SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnr Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bars-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed .% KKe-
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated R.40c-Drv
Granulated, fine. 5-30c: Dry Granulated coarse
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. R..*!0c: Beet Granulatl
ed aoo-lb ban only>. r..'Oc: Confectioners' a
r>.30c: Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.80c- Gold™
C. 4.70c: "D." 4.f.0c: barrels. 10c more- half
barrel?. 25c more: boxes. K<v more: SO-ih'bars
lOo more for all klp«1«. Tiblets — Half barrel/
5«Jc; bo*e£ 6.r^c; TT * E. Crystal Dom£<£
R.SOc iwr lb. No order* taken for less tha-i
seventy-five barrels or Its, equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY FEBRUARY 4. >--'
Flour, qr ska .. 17,921 Pelts N o . sr i
Wheat ctls 7CC Hides, Xo "1 09-
Barlcy. ctls 5.370 Sugar ctls '00
Oats. Or.. ctl». 60O Quicksilver flics 3i«
Potatoes, sks .. 3.C91 Leather rolls Kw
>Bran. sks 1.020 Wine 'gals " t«j 400
Hay. tons ..... 60S Tallow ctls r>
Hops, bales ... 5 Lime, bbls ... 411s
Wool, bales .... 12 Paper, reams .. 23
STOCK MARKET.
Bonds Freely Dealt in, but Stocks
Inactive.
Bonds had the call on the Stock and Bond
Exchar.Re yesterday and were freely dealt in
?£? wttZ *%',. 4 \ mo £ g th9 "nllsted securl
{cft—^r 3 ' 0^. Unltcd Hallroada 4s sold at
dull" aDd mlnlng »*<*"«» continued
» the J e f" lar annual meeting of the atock
h0,.del T °L, thc Pacific Lighting Company the
follow inc directors and officers were re-elected:
AUCTION SALES
BAYS YOU BjBSH TO THE AtJCTXOS
SALES SOOM?
WEEBS?
AT 19 TUBS ST.. WEAK MAEXET.
Where you can buy everything, sell anything,
exchange anything, turn old goods into cash;
or, if you have a store or busines; of any kind.
'1st it with us and we will find a customer for
you. Our Methods— Prompt Service. Cour-
teous Treatment. Honest Dealings. Ouutd*
Auctioneering of all kinds attended to. A.
H. ANDERSON. "The Auctioneer." Prop.
C. O. G. Miller, president; George H. Collins,
vice president; A. Schilling. Charles Holbroolc
and F. W. Van Sicklen. Horace Miller was re
elected secretary. -. -t •
The Centennial Copper Mining Company has
levied an assessment of $4 per share, payable
In two installments. 92 per share, to become
delinquent February V_\ and $2 July 12.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Feb. 2—4 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 108 Us qr cp newlO2%13:Ui
4 8 qr reg... — 107*i!3s qr coup. .106U 107^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W M. - — O T Co 6s. 119 —
Bay CPC 5«.102'4 — Do Bs 10O —
Cal C G Ss.103%103 Do con 5*. 102 —
Cal G * E g Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & ct 5s. — 104 On Cable 6s. — 125
Cal-st C Ps.114 — Pac O Im 4s. 98 100
C C Wat 5s. — 104 Pac E Ry 5s. 105% —
Ed I* &P 63.123 131 P & C II 69.103 —
F&CH6». — 120 P&OR 6«.116 —
Geary. <it 5s.. 45% 90 Powell-st 6a.ll2% —
H C&S 6%«.1O4 — 8S GA R 5s. — 100%
Do 5s 98*4100 SF & SJV5s.llS'411S»»
Hon R T 6S.106 — Sierra R «s. — 112 W
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5a..ll4%ll5!4 ' (1909) 105% —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 10«% —
Do gtd 6s. — — 3 P o( C (1
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (190fl)Sr A.104%104^
LAP lem Bs.102% — (19C5)Sr B.105 106
Mkt-st C 6s. 116% — (1906) 108% —
Do lem 5s. 11. "5 — (1912) .... — 113
NRR of CCs.106 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s IIS — Do stmpd. — 110
N P C R 69.104$; — S P B R 69.134 —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 S V W 6s. 107 107V4
N C P C 6s. — 100 Do 4s 2dm. 98*4 —
N S R R 5s. 99*4 — Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
O a L&H 5a. 103 — Stkn GAB 6s — 102
O W Btd 5s. — 99 U G & E 5s. — lott
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 53 41 IPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co... — 65 Is V W Co. 38% 33
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3% 4 S F G & E. 5«% M
Mutual E L. 10 12 Stkn O A EL 5 —
Pac L. Co... 56% 57« U G * E. — S8
Sac E G & R — — I
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCB.
Firem's Fnd — 343 | •
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 L P A A... — 170 "
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 93 Mer Trust... — 250 -
Bank of Cal. — 440 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp.146 149 g F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— 2300 [Sav A L So. — • 10O
Hum SAL.— — s«c Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.
S F Sav U.62O 650 1
STREET RAILROAD3.
California ..197%203 |Frts!<Jlo .... — 42»4
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Gi"t 61 61%lVlgortt 3% —
SUGAR.
5 an * P Co- — — Kilauea S C. — B
Hawaiian C. 44% — Makawell C. — 22
Hcnokaa S C — 13 Onomea S C 22% 30
Hutch S P C 8 8*i Paauhau S C — la
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.130%140 (Oceanic S C. 4*4 5%
Ca F C A. W5 97% Pac Aux FA B —
Cal Wine A. 94 % 03 iPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
50 Alaska Packer*' Association... 140 00
mM 25 Giant Powder Con gi 00
$20,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 99 ;s
$4,000 Pac Klect Ry 5 per cent IIEI "»a
«.«WS P of Arizona SoBS^CHag W
$10,000 8 F A. S J V 3 per cent IIS 5.)
Afternoon Session.
Board —
RO Oceanic S S Co k M>
$2,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge)..... 'I » 25
140 Pacific Lighting Co .. 16 7T
$2,000 Par Elect Ry 5 per cent. .. ."lOT, V»
$1,000 S P of Arizona (19C3) *lt« 5<>
$l.ooo Spring Valley K per cent "in? i-_m.;
»!°-2S S F & S J V 5 per centTT. ...11» 50 *
$..2,000 bierra Ry of Cal 6 per cent II* 00
$20,000 United Gas & Electric 5s 105 5o
UNLISTED SECURITIES.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid Vik
Bay CPC Pa. 95 ICO Sun Tel 6s.. 110 11214
B L. Wat 6s. — 120 Do 5s ....10°% —
S F Drydk.is.lM) 112% Sutfer-st 5s. 105 11:;
SF^A NPfcUl 111** UP.R of SF43 80% »(»%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Ala S Co... — 24 ,N'at Bk of D
Amer BU Co - 90 o MHU&C.SOO —
Cal Cot Mills — 95 Nev Ntl Bk.197% —
Cal G&E Cor 40 — N S R P. Co. lf» —
Cal Jockey c 90 120 NC P Co.. 8*i —
Cal Pwder C.12O 140 Oak T Con . 6O
«al Ship Co. 10 .10 IOOF Hall A 514 —
Cal T I & T. — 1SS Orpheum Co. — 1MI
C Bk of Oak 60 _ )pa C g TelCo — 105
Chutes Co .. 7% 8% Parafflne PC30 —
City & C Bk. — 112 'SF Drydock 60 —
E Dyn CO...20O — SF & SJCoal 20 .".0
Flr «* r » t Bk , „ S Jose W Co.— 106
of Oakland. 120 — Ship O A Mr
Fischer Thtr. — 2'4| Tugboat ColSO _
Frnch-A Bk.lOO 107^ Swiss-A Bk 1U _
Gas Con A.. 10% 21 Truck E Co. — 13
"ono P Co.. — 10% UR InvC pfd 45% —
Mat Na^ Coil! S "^ ~
Morning 6«*sion.
$25,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 80 37%
? Afternoon Session.
$2,000 Cal Northwestern Ry 89 1 1>
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per" "cent 80 23
California Stock andOUExchange
aSI 8^: ~... Bld - Ask^
Apollo *" 4 5 •
Associated Trust Cert is "{^
■A'tec •••..•... .............. J 9*»i*
California Standard "12 *"" 3
Caribou 1 eo t'«'>r>
Central Point Con ....."... rs *
Chicago Crude i>v "\k
Claremont 50
Kaperanza .'.'.'. .... l'\Zt '
Hanford '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.I'. '.'.'.'. 143*00
Horn* • ........1. ........... 1 12% 1 "IS
Independence ."..",",".!",I",".I",",I "li !...
Jvern ........................ 4 25 4 "%
Kern River I .... 13 CO
Monarch cf Arizona * "40 "ii
Monte Cristo
Occ»dental of W Va •...".
OH City Petroleum .11 3S
Peerless , 13 5O ....
Reed Crude* '.V.V.V.'.V.V.V.V.V 4 60 .".*.*.*
S F & McKlttrick ....
San Joaquin O & D , ....
Senator «r» / ....
Sovereign 3S 4.<>
Sterling 2 «n
Superior : OS ok
Thirty-three « OO 7l»
Toltec 13 2O
Twenty-eight 4 30
West Shore ..."
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement.. 1 30 1 60
Alameda Sugar ....
American Biscuit ...
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Klectric Corp.; ....
California Cotton Mills ....
Caiifornla Jot-key Club ....
California Shipping Co..- ....
I'al Title Ins A Trust pt.."^3
Central Hank nf Oakland 70 00
Chutes Company
Cyr-reM L»wn Imp Co «
FisohP"'!! Theater «.;.. "OO
Cta? Onsumers" Association 21 00
Honolulu Su^ar
NortBcm Cal Power 375 yj^
North Shore Railroad
Orpheum Company 1« 0>
Pacific SUtes Tel A Tel
Pnrafflr.e Paint 37 50
Pan Francisco* Drydock
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 50
Sausallto Land * Ferry " f
Sperry F!o-?r Company
Standard Electric
Tesla Co«l Co *;
.Trucker Electric
Union Sugar •'■
United Ga» & Electric • .... ****
Mornlwc Session.
930 Monarch 2 o
50 Monarch .".* —•
201) Monarch '
it-it Monarch : ?* .
200 Four Oil i»v
1 00 Home '■■• ,{!;.,
1000 Oil City Petroleum .....*.! 34
Afternoon Seysicn. "
50O Sovereign ' 4n
2C0 Claremont ."IIIII! bo
Continued on Pace Fifteen.COTTON PRICES
BREAK SHARPLY
Rumors of Wai* Between Japan
anil Russia Cause IJig Panic
• in tins New Orleans Market
«
NO FAILUBES REPORTED
Traders alid Brokers Receive
I>atl Fright and -Mad Scene
Is Presented in the Exchange
■ NEW. ORLEANS, Feb. 4.— About the
■v <j;~t break in the history of cotton fu
tu:vs trading in New Orleans occurred
t^-ciay, svhen on vague war rumors
prices were rent down until they were
from 166 to ISO points lower than the
close of yesterday, and May was $3
cheaper. At the dose «j£ the market,
however, there was little excitement
about the Cotton Exchange and no fear
was expressed that any of the local cot
ton firms would fail.
At the opening price? broke sharply,
March pcing off 106 points from yester
day's close to 15.T-0 cents. Prominent
bulls supported the market and prices
recovered. Toward noon the market be
< arm; quiet rind uninteresting, and the
general opinion v. as that the trend of
prices orould continue upward.
Soon after the noon hour and while
:any brokers were at lunch a telegram
\ as received from Chicago by a firm
saying that cables had been received
there telling of the declaration of war
between Japan and Russia. Values
commenced to slide downward swiftly.
2nd in five minutes the ring was in a
j-'ar.it. Traders and brokers who a few
minutes before appeared to be the
tancst and calmest of men suddenly
became crazy in their efforts to sell
-irli'-r their own or their customers'
cotton.
Hundreds r>f thousands of bales of
cotton w<-re thrown into the ring, and
the sellers exceeded buyers te-n to one.
A r.iad scene continued until well on
toward ihn <--lr>p<> of th<* market, vh^n
:*-<=■ rins finally had a ? old-out appear
ftrre. At this stage the bull leaders
again t>>ok a hand in ihe operations,.
and by buying everything offered and
l>y a strenuous bidding; quickly sent
rr\<-(*- tip fifty point?. The market,
however, had a weakened tone and the
irices attain sacsr^d toward th<3 close.
At the closing prices were from 147 to
168 paints lower than the close of yes
terday. On the curb the weakness con
tinuf-ii, and at the close of trading;
i lice? wrere agrain at about the lowest
levels ot th<= day. At the lowest levels
;.;arrh was 106 points lower than the
< lese of yesterday. May was 16$ points
lower and July was l c points lower.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars are
r t orted to have been lost in the two
! : i akx of the day.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fourteen.
Mining Stocks.
FAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the njev on thf San Fran
cisco Stock and Exehar.se Board yesterday;
Mornins S»«*ion.
£i*» Andes £6 .VX> Occidental ... B0
!Ort And'* 25 ' TttrQ Overman . 35
I<x«t B^lfher S6 20>t Pctosl £0
HO raledorla ...110 100 Pr.tosi 19
100 CbaUesse Ccn 2S 1<»»> Ravage 46
!-.'"> rM!»r 20 1<J Sierra Her .. 61
ICO Ccn C & Va.l C" 2<in T'rion Con .. 80
l<ft Cor.Sd'-nce ...1 05 KOO Yellow Jacket Ut
»00 Crown Point. 2fi .'■••0 Yellow Jacket 51
S 0 Mrx;can 1 Eft]
Afternoon Session.
C00 Andes ~ 4O> K»>nturk (3
-;(.. r^lrhor .J4i 200 Mexican 1 PO
'.<*> Best 4 B^lch.l (*0, ICO Ophir 3 «"0
'.i<ii raicdor.ia .V.l'W IW Overman 33
"■'. '"riTTn I'o-nt. 25: 5<!f> Potoei IS
PMCrnwn Point. 26 1<"^» Favage 45
V<> G^uirl & Our. 31 1 Zf*> S'g Belcher.. *S
t-oo f.nM'A & Cur. 32; 2*"*) fnion Con ... T«
I«0 Hal» A Norc. C7j Mrt Yrliow Jacket 4S
100 Hal* 2. Xorc. €>ii 1'jO Yellow Jacket 49
ICO Hale i Ncrc. &[
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
F'!lo*:nK w*r» th<» *a!es on the Pacific
Bti k Exchange y<~Etfrday:
Mornir.K Session.
!'*• Ar.<J*s -'' K<0 Overman ?>">
100 Caledonia .1074! 1W Favac<- 45
• .j. (•.ivd'-.nia ...1 10; 2nO S*>e Holrher.. <-9
Tj«. <'hr>:iar 2Oi COO S<"p Bflcli»r.. »i.S
►yift <~hollar 19 j 1^0 I'nion Con .. SI
Coa C & V.I fS7>4j 100 Vnlon Con .. T«
S00 Cob C & Va.l t»0; \(*l T'r.ion Con .. T7
;:oi Ton Imperial. 03; 100 I'tah 24
& Cut. 31! 100 i:tah 23
r.oy Julia 0t ! 1«O Yellow Jacket 43
SCO Mexican 1 55: 5«) Yellow Jacket 50
Afternoon tfepsion.
2f<> TVFt & B'lch.l f_3| lOrt Mexican 1 SO
200 B**t tc Bfl«-h.? "Oi *00 Overman Ji.1
2<"«> Cal*^onia . . ..i Cf>| 2f>«> Savar* 45
?.m rhoi'.ar is :;<>• S"g BrlchT.. t*
JVXt Con Imperial. 0."' 2"<) Sierra Nev... 5S
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE*
Follr.wir.r were the on the San Fran
cisco end Tcr.opah Mining Exchange yrsterrlay:
Morrlrjr Session.
r.20O Brunswick . . 06 j 5<V> Rf^rue fi5
l'K^ft Esp*ranza Ot!lT2fO V.f*c\i» CC
<fiO Ev«>!yn 25' POO Ton Midway. 41
.V»i Uirhtner 3 25 W«* Ton Midway. 42
r/i Mor.t Tnn -.1 45j Z'X) Ten N Star.. :,l
4W Mont Ton -.1 40|
Afternoon Seyflon.
V*<0 Bninswick .. *X[ 7 Mont Ton ..1 45
ICO Evelyn 25! 10ft Paymaster ... IS
100 Evelyn 21; 100 Ray & OBrien 10
ICO Hsnnapah ... 25 2"00 P.escu* OG
jo<) MicXasun - 13| :tf)Ci Ten N Star.-. S3
OX» Mont Ton -.1 40i ICO Ton Superior. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THCR^Iv. Feb. 4-4 p. m.
E:d.Aj6k' Bid. Ask.
Al'pfca 07 OS Justice 07 <i%
Alta f% . 10;K«-ntucx 03 04
Andes 21 24 lit yes Graes.. — ] 75
Belcher ."^3 r_i|Lady Wash.. — - tij
De« & Belch. 1 « 1 SSiMrxican IM1 .'..',
bullion ., <"•<; 07 Occidental ... TS —
■ ultS.crAa. ...1 00 1 « Orthir 3 CO 3 C5
'hallenpe Ccn 22 25 Overman H2 Xt
dollar 1« 20;Poto«I IS 19
rorfidence ... Ml C3! Savage 43 47
Con C & Va.l ES 1 £0, Scorpion - 02 04
Con Iniperial. <C <>3-K*k Belcher.. 07 (H
ror. NY « CSSIerra Nev .. 57 S3
'■mirn Point. 2." 2«;6Uver IIIU .. CT 70
tast Sr'.erra. N 05 Ofi;.«t Ix>uis 12 20
Hureka Con.. — 50;. c yndicate ... 04 06
Cxr±e«uer ... 14 3« ( l'nion Con ..77 78
r:<;u:d & Cur. n S2il"tah 22 2n
li*U & Norc. 70 C2,YcIloor Jacket 4S 43
J u 1 ; & •• i*& G& • ~ -
TONOPAH MIXES.
Bid.Aslt. B!d.A*k.
"olehcn - UHwcB, O5 Cfi
r^^racra ... — 01 Tea Belmont.. «3 f:s
Sold Anchor. 15 — Ton A- Cal — 2»
5cl4 M Con. Cl 01 Ton Exten ..70 —
Haanapah ... — 12 Ton Fraction. — 43
. 13 14 Ton & G W. — 10
Mirpah "x'.'-n — 2T. Ton r>f Nev.. 5 75
W'.n Tr-n ..1 .T7 l 4 1 4 ft Ton N Star.. 34 S5
S Y Ten — O5 Ton Midway. 42 43
'svm»«it«T ... 11 14 Ten ?ur*rlor. — 2O
l-jy Exten .. — 2S fnit*-d Ton .. — 12
Elajr &- OBrfen — 19 V\"«t End . . 10 30
Late Shipping- Intellig-euce.
_ ■
Thursday, Fob 4. i
Eurefa Mary E liUS *' yrTran ' 4 1 from '
SAILED.
Thursday. Feb 4.
frtmr South Day. Jamison. Eureka.
DOMESTIC TORTS.
ABERnKEX — Sailed Fell 4— Str-r Soauni*
trilwi" 111 ,*"^ Arlrt - tTom Kahnlnl.
aSiS U T e ' IItU reb 4 ~ stmr D^ bin < for
LINER'S PASSENGERS SAY
THEY FEEL LIKE COLUMBUS
Eastern Tourists Return From Tahiti on the Steamship
Mariposa and Proclaim the South Sea Island a Par
adise Where Health and Rest Await All Comers
BRITISH SHIP MARATHON. BOUND FROM ANTWERP FOR THIS PORT*, WHICH WAS SPOKEN AT SEA
fflO MILES FROM HERE BY THE OCEANIC LINER MARIPOSA AND WHICH WISHED TO BE REPORT
ED ALL WELL.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa. Captain Rcnnie, which
arrived Wednesday evening from Ta
hiti, docked early yesterday at the Pa
cific-street wharf. Among the passen
gers were some Eastern people, who de
clared that they experienced all the
thrills which may with reason i>e sup
posed to have fallen to the share of
Christopher Columbus. 'Columbus dis
covered America." said one of them,
"but he found paradise. If the people
of the East knew of Tahiti as we do
now there would be a rush of travel
that even tho Mariposa could not carry.
If the timf at our disposal would allow
us to return to Tahiti when the Mari
posa goes back nothing could cause us
to forego the voyage. As it Is, we must
return to Chicago. Our trip has given
us something to talk about for the re
mainder of our lives. We have discov
ered the ideal vacation. The Mariposa
is as comfortable as any big, well-found
private yacht, and the memory of that
voyage through those wonderful sum
mer seas will never fade."
When the Mariposa returns Tahiti
will be at its best, and a large number
of passengers have been booked for the
next and subsenuent trips. Tahiti is
the only place within convenient reach
where the South Sea conditions of ro
mance can be seen and enjoyed at their
best, and this trip is growing in popu
larity among well-to-do Easterners in
search of novelty combined with rest.
The Mariposa's cargo consisted of
tropical products and included 73,526
cocoanuts, 207 barrels of pearl shell,
vanilla beans, alligator pears, pineap
ples, dried fish and candle nuts.
Captain Rennie reports that on Feb
ruary 1, in latitude 27 37 north, longi
tude 128 54 west, or about 600 miles from
this port, he spoke the British ship
Marathon, bound from Antwerp to this
port. Captain Rennie gave tho Mara
thon's captain his correct position. The
Britisher asked to be reported all well.
The Mariposa's passengers included
the following named: H. Elis, F. Mus
ton and wife. G. Hart, Mrs. I. G. Mor
row, Dr. X. Senn. Mrs. J. W. Robinson,
C. Sarka, Miss R- Pctithorn. Mrs. J.
Thompson and the Misses S. F. and R.
Thompson.
Fractures Her Hog-Chain..
The river steamer Columbia had a serious
miiha? en Wednesday ■ afternoon while load
'.ng Irrn ai the Pacific Mail wharf. Under the
strsir of th<» heavy Ircipht piled at both ends
of the ves^*"l th*> hog chain on the starboard
side imactxvl with a loud report. Free from
thi* support, the h^-aTily laden ends of the
river su-amcr yielded to the pressure of the
iron's wriglit, and the Columbia developed a
nfrif-v!' case of hocback. The prompt rigging
of temporary taokl? prevoited the breaking
of the *t*amer*s back, and it may be possible,
with titw and stronger hog chains, to restore
the lort curve.
City of Para Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship City
of Para arrived ye.«terday from Panama and
way ports. She tock no pilot outside the har
bor, the storm having driven the pilot-boats
off their etation; but Pilot John Silovich board
ed the liner as she passed Vallejo-strret and
tock the vtss«l to her b«rth at th» Pacific Mall
wharf.
The Para brought 10S4~ tcr.s of carpo and
twenty pasyenser*. of whom two were Chinese
in transit to Hongkong. T '-- passengers In
cluded Cbeiter Allen. E. B. Beam and P. Hart
man.
I»roinotion of Slioup.
Fred E. Shoup has resigned bis position as
traveling passenger agent for the American
and Australian line to become passonger a£ent
to the Yosem!t<* Stage and Turnpike Company
and Scuthrrn Pacific Railroad, with headquar
ters at Los Ans^Ies. When not traveling be-
Hvf^n here and Honolulu Shoup has been lo
cated in the tick-t office in this city of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
Norwegian Bark Overdue.
The Norwegian bark Dochra. out eighty-five
day* from Rockhampton for Adelaide, was
placed on the overdue list yesterday and quoted
lor reinsurance at 20 per cent. The rate on
the Thtodor was advanced to 15 per cent. The
Martatban stands at 00 ucr cent, the Robert
Rlckrnt-rs at 15 and the St. Mirren at 30 per
cent.
Charters.
The British ehlp Linllthgowjhlre (on Puget
Sound) vas chartered prior to arrival for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
lumber thence to Fremantle Australia, at-
The French bark Jeanne Cordonnier pro
ceeds to Belle Ifele, France, in ballast.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED."
Thursday. February 4.
Stirr Point Arona, Mill'r. 14 hours from
Mendocino, via F'oint Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Chehalis, Martin. K{ hours from Grays
Harlx-vr, boun<1 for San -Pedro; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr City of Para, Zp*dr-r. 22 days and I2H
hours from Panama, via San Bias 5 days and
•2% hours.
Ptir.r Snnta Ro»a, Alexander, 41 hours from
San DlcgUL.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr G C Lindaupr, Allen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor.
i-tmr Gitay. Iceland, 17 hours from Mon
t^roy and way ports.
Stmr Czarina. Johnson, 4'J hours from Coca
Bay. .
Pchr Robert Lowers. Underwood, 7Vi days
from Pert Gamble.
Pchr John A. Olwn. 5 days from Eureka.
Schr Ida A, CamDbell. 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 4.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Podro; Pa
cific Coast Stcnmafil:! Company.
Stn-.r Pomona, Swansnn, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Fr thin Vercineetnrix, Martin, Portland,
Orf. : Roth. Blum & Co.
Br sh In Edenmore, Kendall, Port 1 Townsend ;
W R Grace & Co.
Br bark Invenrarry. Mitchell, Sydney;
Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, February 4.
Ftmr State of California. Thomas, San Di^TO
Stmr Chehalls. Martin. San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Porno, Wlnkel, Albion.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I.OBOS. Feb 4. 10 p. m. — Weather
clear; wind southwest; velocity 2S> miles psr
hour.
SPOKEN.
Jan 26. lat SH K. Ion 14 W— Br *hin Port
Elgin, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY — Arrived Feb J — Stmr Arcata,
hence Feb 1.
KEDONDO — Sailed Feb 4 — Strar -Asuncion,
for £an Francisco.
• ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr G«o W
Elder, hence Feb Z.
TACOMA— Sailfd Feb 4— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco; s<~hr Irene, from Redqndo.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr Santa
Cruz, hone? Feb 1; schr Alvena, from Colum
bia River.
Sailed F^b 4— Schr Falcon, for Grays Har
bor; schr C S Hoimes. for Tacoma; stmr Santa
Cruz, for San Francisco.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr
Whltesboro, h*>nco Feb 2.
: Sailed Feb 4 — Br fMd Thlstlebank, for As
toria.
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 4— Schr
Kailua. from Elefle: Br ship Linlithgowshire,
from Panama.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed Feb 3— Schr C T Hill,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr Jeanie,
hence Jan 30.
Sailed Feb 4 — Stmr Centennial, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO-Sailed Feb 4— Schr Azalea,
for Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— PaFsed ! out Feb 4 — Stmr Grac«
Dollar, for San Francisco. <
VENTURA — Arrived Feb 4 — Stmr Whitiier,
hence Feb 'J. • ,
CLALLAM— In bay Feb 4— Schr A *I Bax
ter, for Redondo; bktn Newsboy, for San Fran
8AN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 4— fc'chr A F
Coats, from Columbia River.
Sailed Feb 4 — Stmr Olymclc, tor San Fran
cisco. '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 4 — Stmr So
quola. for San Francisco: stmr Coronado, for
San Pedro.
ISLAND FORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 4— U S itmr
Locan. frcm Manila, for Francisco (quar
antined).
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 2i— Stmr Acapulco,
hence Jan 2.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 2— Fr bark Brl
zeux. hence Spet 20.
COLON — Arrived Feb 2 — Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
COQCIMBO-iArrived Jan 2<J— Br bark Eu
dora. from Tync.
MONTEVIDEO — In oort Jan 3fr— Ship Ken
neckec. fcr Port Townsend. X
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed Feb 3— Fr bark
Dupleix. for Hull (not previously).
SWANSEA— Sailed Feb 3— Fr bark General
de D»iRdeffre. for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed F«b 4 — U S stmr Mon
terey, for Canton. .
TENERIFFE — Sailed Feb 2 — Stmr Hermon
thlm. for San Francisco, from Hamburg.
KARATZ— Sailed Jan C9— Stmr Tottenham,
from Shanghai, for Port Los Anceles.
BRISBANE— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Mlowera,
from Sydney; N. 9. W.. for Vancouver.
NANA1MO— Sailed Ftb 4 — Nor etmr Tl
tania. for Saa Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Cymric,
for Boston, via Queenstown. .
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Prlnz
Adelbcrt, for Xaoles and Genoa; stmr La
Champagne, for Havre.
Arrived Feb 4 — fitmr Bluecher. from Ham
burg:, Southampton and Cherbourg. * y ■
LONDON — Sailed Feb 4 — Sunr Mesaba. for
New. York.
Arrived Feb 4— Strnr Phlladelphlan, from
Boston. '
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Rbyn
land. from Philadelphia. -.
COPENHAGEN'— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Hek
la. from New York. ■
QtTEEXSTOWX— Sailed Feb 4^-Sfmr Celtic,
from Liverpool for New York.
3Iovcraents of Steamers.
_ TO ARRIVE.
Sfeamer. • j From. | Due.
Oregon 'Portland & Astoria (Feb. 5
Corona lliumboldt .....■.-■. IFeo. 5
Newburg..... -/Grays Harbor... |Feb. 5
Arcat a Ccos Bay & Pt. Orford.lFeb. G
t-ureka Humboldt ;Feb. 6
9 U ** R Puget Sound Ports |Feb. 6
Kanta Cruz Newport & Way Ports. |Feb. 0
San Pedro Humboldt ': Feb. 6
Ia<*ua Humboldt Ftb. 6
Olympic san Pedro |Feb. 6
Chas. Nelson.. tportland & Astoria IFeb. 7
San Mateo iTacoma |Feb 7
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma...... Feb. 7
Texan New York via Coronel. Feb. 7
Sequoia ....[Grays Harbor Feb. 7
Titania 'Nanalmo Feb. 7
Centralia jGrays Harbor Feb. 8
State of Cal... .San Diego & Way Pts.|Fcb. 8
Pcmona jHumboldt IFeb. 8
Poino Point Arena & Albion. .iFeb. 9
North Fork Humboldt IFeb. 8
S.Barbara Seattle & Olympla |Feb. i)
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Feb. •
Mera Seattle (Feb. 9
S.Monica 'Grays Harbor IFeb. 9
San Josf ...... New York via Panama. iFeb. 10
Coos nay San Pedro & Way Pts..|Feb 10
Elizabeth Coqullle River ]Feb 10
Rival ....IWlllapa Harbor Feb. 11
City Puebla... [I'uget Sound Ports IFeb. 11
Nevadan 'Honolulu & Kahulul IFeb. 11
Pclnt Arena. ..Mendoclno & Pt Arrna'Feb 11
Senta Rosa San Diego A Way Pts.JFeb 11
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom |Feb 14
Claverlng Hongkng v. ManzanlllojFeb. 15
TO SAIL.
Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 5.
Arctic Humboldt 2 pm Pier -2
Coos Eay San Pedro & Way. I) ami Pier 11
Umatilla Pugtt Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
Chico Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
February 6.
Newport.... n. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 2 p^nlPler 19
Samoa [Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmJFier 4
: February 7. i
S. Rosa l.can Diego & Way. 0 amlPler 11
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier &
Curacao Mexican Ports.' 10 am Pier 11
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 amlPter 24
C. Nelson... los Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pler,20
February 8. |
Newburg Grays Harbor. 1 4 pmlPler 10
Arcatu Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 12 ' m Pier 13
Centralia Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Eureka Hnmboldt 12 m Pier 13
G. Llndauer. Astoria & Portland [Pier —
February, 9,. |
S. Cru*;.'... Newport & Way... 9 amlPler 11
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm'Pier 2
February 10.
Gaelic 1 . China '& Japan. ... 1 pmfPler 40
Queen . . . Puget Sound 'Portslll am I Pier 9
Seouoia |Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 20
San Pedro... iHumboldt 10 amlPler 2
Pomona IHumboldt l:30ptPier !»
February 11. |
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Martpoia Tahiti direct."..... 11 am Pier 7
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion fi pm Pier a
State Cal.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier U
February 13. |
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 21
M*ra Hamburg & Way. 2 pmlPier 10
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm I Pier 20
Elizabeth... Coqutlle River 6 pm'Pler 2
February 13.
City Para... .V. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Rival Willapa Harbor:.. I 4 pmlPler 20
February 14. • j
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olymn'.af 4 pmlPier 2
I February 15. I I
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.[ll amTPier 0
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. • Sails.
J. Dollar Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb. 5
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Feb, 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 12
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports. [Feb. 16
Santa Ana.... >Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jFeb. 16
Sun. Moon and Tide. '
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Helsht of High and- Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
Sun rises 7;ii
Sun seta .' . . .5 :'J7
Moon rises .....:... .;..;;. 10^33 p. m.
O Time Time ~~ Time] ! Time
p Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft. Ft.
« H W L W HW| . L-W .
5 2:27 5.6 S:17 1.7 2:27 4.6 8:26 0.0
C 3:CS B.5 9:20 1.6 3:34 4.4 0:12' 15
7 a:58 R.C 10:27 1.4 4:40 3.0 10:08 21
8 4:50 B.5 11:37, 1.2 6:12 3.8U:0S 2*5
6 «M7 5.5 12:501 0.7 7:32 3.7
L W H Wl |L W H W
10 0:14 2.9 6:4C| 5.4| 1:49 0.4 8:44| 3.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of tlw tides
th« early mornins tides are given In the left
hand column and, the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th«
CAPTAIN LOSES
HIS BEARINGS
French Presbyterian Missionary
Schooner 3Jakes Pitcairn Isl
and After an Eventful Trip
VAIX SEARCH FOR LAND
Passengers Suffer Greatly
From Hunger and for Seve
ral Davs Are Without "Water
PAPEETE, Tahiti, Jan. 22.— The
French Presbyterian missionary schoon
er Croix du Sud, which touched at Pit
cairn Island on December 15, narrowly
escaped being lost with all on board
previous to its arrival at that port. The
story of its eventful voyage has been
told by Rev, Mr. Cody, a missionary,
who returned from Pitcairn.
About the middle of October the
schooner sailed from Malta!, Tahlt^
having on board a missionary party
headed by M. de Pamaret, president of
the Presbyterian Theological Seminary
at that place. The party was to make
a tour of the Protestant missions in
various islands, involving a trip of
more than 2000 miles. The vessel was In
charge of Captain Tore-a-nita, a na
tive, who even at the start distrusted
his own ability as a navigator. How
ever," he had previously skirted the
coast, taking United States Consul
Doty and Professor Aline from Papeete
to Maltai, and the missionaries em
barked on their long trip without mis
givings. It soon developed, however,
that the captain had lost his reckoning,
and. for many days the schooner en
gaged in a vain search for land. All on
board suffered greatly from hunger and
thirst, being at one. time for three days
and a half without" water. The three
small children of M. de Pamaret very
nearly succumbed. The schooner flew
a flag- of distress, which was sighted
on December 13 by the American bark
I. F. Chapman, Captain Kendall. The
little schooner was supplied with water
and stores and directed to Pitcairn Isl
and, where the suffering missionaries
were most kindly treated. There Cap
tain Young, a competent navigator,
took command of the Croix du Sud,
which then proceeded on its voyage.
DIRECTORS ELECTED
• FOR ANOTHER TERM
Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
Union Trust Company of San
Francisco.
The annual meeting of stockholders
of the Union' Trust Company of San
Francisco was held yesterday. The fol
lowing directors were re-elected:
Isaias W. Hellman. Henry F. Allen,
Antoine Boret Chr. de Guigne, William
L. Gerstle, I. W. Hellman Jr.. J. L.
Flood, Timothy Hopkins, George T.
Marye Jr., John D. Spreckels. Robert
Watt, Henry E. Huntington, George A.
Pope and Jacob Stern. %
« The directors held a session after the
meeting of, stockholders adjourned and
re-elected the following officers: Presi
dent, Isaias W. Hellman:. vice presi
dent, Robert Watt; vice president and
manager, I. W v Hellman Jr.: cashier
and secretary. Charles J. Deering; as
sistant cashier and assistant secretary.
J. M. Israel.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 4.
i Hermann F. and EU B. Dexter to Julius D.
! and Anna Thlerback, lot on W line of Fillmore
! street, 94 N of Page, N 37:0 by W 110; $10.
I A. C. Moore to Hugo K. Asher. lot on S line
' of Slitter street, 105 W of Devisadero. S 114
■ by W 11:3; $7075.
Timothy B. and Elizabeth Shea to Theodore
i Relrke, lot on E line of Lyon street, 125 N
! of McAllister, N 25 by E ICO; $10.
M. H. and Kate de Young to Cella G. Hewes
I (wife of M. 8.), lot on E line of Shrader street,
I 27:6 N of Hayes. N 30 by E 110; $10.
1 M. S. Hewes to same, lot on E lire of Shra
i der street. 27:6 N of Haye«, N 30 D7 n 110;
tift.
Mary Blttermann (Volte) to Nicholas J. and
Carolina Cusick. lot on E line of Folsom street,
100 S of Twenty-frat. S 25 by E 122 :«: $10.
Mary A. Cusick et al, to Emelia Ureln. lot
on W line of Guerrero street. 120 N of Nine
teenth, N 40:6 by W 100; $10.
Albert and Isabel Krutmeyer to William J.
Toner, lot on N line of Fourteenth street. 50
W of Belcher, W 50 by N 100; $10.
Mary M. Miller (wife of George B.), formerly
Mary Blood, to Patrick and Ellen Doollng,
lot en E line of Noe street, 150 S of Seven
teenth. S 25 by E 110; $1Q.
George S. and Ollle E. Crlm to John and
Ellse Gaehwller, lot on S line ol Twenty-third
street. 161 E of Folsom, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Catherine Jones to Rojrer Carroll, lot on E
line of Guerrero street, 25 S of Twenty-third,
! S 50 by E 100; $10.- .
! Spring Valley Water Company to Anna Ol
i sen (wife of Hans), lot on S line of Twenty
; j«evrnth street and fencfl on W line of S. P.
W., 46, S 75, NE to beginning; $10.
; Thomas J Auslndegr to Otto Koch, lot on
; NW corner of Elizabeth and Sanches streets,
j N 28:6 by W 100; $10.
William A. and Elizabeth C. Smith to Helen
D. Umbsen. lot commencing 137:6 >* of Lom
bard street and 209:6 W of Mason, S 33:9*,.
W to Montgomery avenue, NW to line drawn
at right angles. to Mason street, E to begin
ning, quitclaim deed: $1.
) Helen D. and G. H. Umbsen to Angelo Del
> monte. same; .$10. . •
Walter Watson to Bertha Biber. lot Ion E
! line of Jones street, 125 N of Putter. N 12:6,
j E 137:6, S 5?:6, W 68:0, N 45. W 08:!>: $10.
Louise Barroilhet to Rowena Thompson, lot
I on S line of Greenwich street, 150 E of Larkin,
E 37:0 by S 62:fl; *ift.
Margaret Coughlln to John J. Cousjhlfn, all
Interest in property described in 1205 M. 154,
also releases of paid mortgage, quitclaim deed:
also 120.". M. 154, lot on NW lino of Howard
I street. 200 SW of First. 6W 25 by NW 85.
I recorded in deeds and releases of mortgages;
! $5500.
John J. Coughlln to Hypollte Bier, lot on
NW line of Howard street, 200 SW of First,
SW 25 by NW 65; $10.
J Mary O'Hara to Robert C. Porter, lot on
! NW line of Teharaa street. 3G2:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 25 by NW 80: $10.
John Lloyd et al. to G. H. Mangels, undivid
ed one-half of lot on NE corner of Fifteenth
and Vermont streets, E 182, NW 436, - W 10,
8 400; ?3000.
G. H. Mangels to Thomas M. Osmont, undi
vided one-half of same: f5.
Felix and Delflna Marcusc to- Christian F.
Klltzaard, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 25
S of Lake street. S 25 by W 100; $10.
. M. J.> Savage to Manuel Lucas, lot on S line
of California street. 32:6 E of Sixth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; ?10.
Ilobert J. Tobln. Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society and Palomares Land Company to J.
W. Wright and Sons' Investment Company, lot
on E line of Thirty-seventh avenue. 175 N of
A street. E 120 by N 50; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to I. W. and
Nora C O'Rourke. lot on E lln* of SeconcT ave
nue 25 S of B street. S 25 by E 95: $10. -
Sophie V. Culp to Mary A. Valleau, Racbrl
V Bateman and Laura • M. Lc Tourneux, lot
on S line of H street. 85 E of Twenty-first
avenue E 30 by S 100; $10.
J. F. Burgln to Hattle G. Mann (wife of
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. *xcept when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the -United States
Coast 8urvey charts.- except when a minus I — )
sign precedes the helsht. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of. reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N..- Mer
•' chant*' Exchange. San ' Francisco. Cal..
February 4, 1004.
The Time Ball on the tower of . the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. ml Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
1 -^ l^^^ *■ bookcase in the obscr- |
Y'^M £ &&\''\l vationcar. f
I Fifty b °° ks ak °" I
J \ \ \ V vsj B illustrated weeklies are fc.
I 4 *^. Golden state 1
1 *^£s*^^)iiffi Limited y
H * * \ y ! (\ f^i^jj lriT=3 San Fmncbco, Santa H
S J j\^> **~U^UI/ \j Barbara and Lea Acgelea jj
H *^ *n^^ iiSj, DecenAer 25 to f|
m April 19, for Topefca, • 11
H " Kansas City and Chicago. *-|
II Scu'A^rn Rout*— ty war of £2 Paso through a had where tl
S3 winter U unknown. w
1 «jL^j^^BlB38jsg» Tickets, benha and fiteratore at this oincr and at all *1
P hNi MHaHrTmS Southern Paddc ticket oracss. • ft
*S^Ss^^^^^^ t QBSSS59DS^iSB3SSB^E«sBCE2CSQ
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
LEAVES DAILY |
at O:r>O a. m., tlirougrh in 3 days, fl
with diaer aad all trappiasrs. (1
<-•■.:• ■• •■ • . . ■
. Other Santa Z*e Trains: '
1 o ; -"f.a' m"l iCT Etociton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
iS-WOpiraJ Merc « d . Hanford and VIsalla.
4:00p.m. for Stockton.
S:COp. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. aad j
Ferry Sepct, S. F. Also 1112 Brozi- j
way. Oakland, Cal. 27 South First [
St., San Jcse.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
- U N FfiAHCIiLU AN. uuHTH PAGIriJ
. BA.II.WAV COMPAZTZ*.
Tilmron Perry. Foot of Iffarket Street.
; SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN EATAEL,
WKEK IJAYS — 7:3o. 0:uv. ll:UO a. m.; 12:35, '
3:3u. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. |
Saturdays — Extra tris) at 1:50 and 11:55 p.m.
SUNDAYS— S:«». »:3(). ll:0O a. m. ; 1 :»>, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN PR AN CISCO.
WKEK DAYS — «:05, 7:;if>, 7 :in». 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:5<>. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:50, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave i In Kffect j Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I DestlruT | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ] tion. | days. ] Days.
7:30 a( 8:00 a 1 0:10 al 8:40 a
I 0:30 a Ignacio. 1 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 pj ) « : 05 pj 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 P! f 7:85 pj
7:30 *l o «. ' I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
o,^ I ft'9° a N'ovato. |10:40 allO:2O a '
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma I 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 3:30 p and 7:33 p
I 5:00 p| Santa Rosa. [ 1
7:30 a| , «, I ~~ 110:40 a'10:20 a
S:3»p|£ffp7 FUU ° n - / 7:35 P | 6:2a »
I I Windsor. I • T" ~~
• :30 a| 8:00 a| Healdsburgr. |10:40 a 10 20 a
I I Lytton. I 1
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Geyservtlle. | 7:35 p| 6 20 p
j | Cloverdal*. | j
V™ a l ! : !X *•! HopUnd |10:40 a|10:20 a
3:M pj 3:30 pj and Ukiah. | 7:35 p| «:20 p
7:.-U) aj 8:00 a| Wllllts. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! S:CO a! 110:40 a|1020 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. j 7:35 pj «i2O p
I : V^ a l t^St a ! Soncma- I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:00 p] Glen Ellen. | C:05 pj 6.20 p
7:30 a S:CO aj 11040 aiio*^ *
3:30 p 3:30 r| Setastopol. j 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quent.n; at Santa Rosa for Unite Sulphur
Sprlnss; at Fultcn for Altruria and Mark West
fcpnngs; at Lytton for t-vtton Springs- at Gey.
*ervillo for Skatrgs Springs: at CToverdale for
he Goywn, Bonnevtlle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Keiseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay LakVl
port and Bartlett Sprinjns: at Ukiah for Vichy
Sptlnp. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dfll Lak- Witter Spring. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter \ alley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierlys
Bucknen a, Sanhfdrln Heights. Hullvllle Orr^s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe,' Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mcnrloci.iq City. Fort Brairt:
Westport. Usal: at Willita for Fort Brag?'
Westport, Khprwood. Cahtp. Covel!o Layton'-
vll;e, CumminKs. Bolls Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen s. Dyer, Garbervllle, Peppertroxjd 8cotia
and Eureka. ' .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickrta at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafaef at half rates
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
-:• .>...i Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
|p|^2!p£||lj TO SAT? RAFAEL,
KmM&J R0SS VALLEY '
via Satualito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally — 7:00, S:00.
000. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:13.
I 5:15. 0:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. - ■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Daily, 5:25, «:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45. 4:15. 5:13. 0:43.
S:45. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLBY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Daily, 5:43. «:30. 7:02. 8:55. 0:35,
11:20 a. m., 12:.T5. 2:00, 3:15, 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
7:05. 0:CO. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday* excepted) —
Tomalen and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Caiadero and way na-
tions. ■'■":!>' -il
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way .stations.
! TICKET OFFICE— €2« Market st.
j FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
Clarence M.). lot on W line of Fifth avenne,
05 S of H street. S 50 by W 120: $10.
T. Donnelly to J. A. Dowllng. lot on W line
of Twentieth avenue. 413:10 N of P street. N
18fi:2. W 240. S 173:11. E 240:4; $10.
J. A. and L. Sotrlo and L. Gendottl to At
tllio Venaglia. lot on SE line or Chenery street.
30G NE of Miffiiel. NE 20 by SE 1C0, lot 17.
block 16. Fairmount; $10,
Carrie E. and Henry S. Bridge to San Fran
cisco Bridge Company, lot SO block 11. Flint
Tract Homestead: $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. ."Welssbeln to Charlls
and Elizabeth Holdusen. lot on SE line of Lon
don street. 250 NE of Russia. NE 23 by SE
lOv. block 11. Excelslcr Homestead; $10.
C Chenery (by J. N. Block. Tax Collector)
to J. G. Klumpkc. lot 11. block 7. Mission and
Thirtieth -street Extension Homestead: tax
deed; $1. .
Buildins Contracts.;
Mrs. Elsie Thomas (owner) with Gilbert
Flndlay (contractor and architect) — All carpen
ter work for cottage and stable on lot on SE
corner of Twenty-sixth avenue and Clay street.
S-100 by E 32:6 (specific* tiona read SE corner
of Twenty-sixth avenue and Lake street); $666.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'train* le»v»»uit »re due to arrive »t
SAN FKAN CISCO.
<M»ln Line. Foot of Market Street )
L«\>» — Fkom y»tr<iT 1. lW*. — miTi*
~7!OOlT^7caTTrie7^TateT»niainseTrr7T77I J.SOr
7.09a BenK-lR, Sulsan. Elmlra and Sirrs-
mento 7-20p
740* Vtllejo. N«r*^ Callstcea. S»aU
Kuaa, Martinez. Sna IUmon 8 28'
7-30a Nile*. LtTermore. Trmcy, Lathrop. •
Stoekron 7 20*
800a Sh»*r» Express — (VU Darls).
Wiiium* (for Dartlm Spring).
TVIllown' tfruto. i:e<t UluS.
Portlnatl. Jacoma. Seattla 7-50^
8.00a D»t]». Woodland. KnUbU Lauding,
Mwyivllle, CroTlllB 7.50»
8-S0a Port Co*ta. Marttaez. Amlo<a,
Bjron. Trac.T. Stockton. Sew-
maa. Los llanos, MeiKiota.
Annon.x Uao(ur>L Vlsalia.
Portrtrrllle 4^0»
8-30* Port Costa. Martinet, Tracy. L*ib-
rop. Stode»to. Merced. Fresao.
Ooshen Janctlon. llanford,
VIsalla. Krker3rteld 450?
8-30* Xlies, San Jose. Llvermore. Stnck-
ton. (♦Milton), lone, Sacramento, j
Placer-fllle. MarysTllIe. C'blco.
Red Bluff... 420p
8-30* Oak'Jals. Chinese. Jamestown. Sa-
iHirt. Tnolutonv nn! Autcels ..... ■ 4 20f
8 00a Atlantic Express— Oi;dcn*nd Ra«t. 11.20*
9.3Q» lilchmond, Martinez und Way .
Station* 85f>
10COA<Hicr Overland Limited — Ogden.
D-nvc-r. Ouaba. Calcago. SZOt*
1000* Vallejo 12 20r
10-00 a Los Anprl^ P»»»i-ncer — Port
Costa. Martinez. By.-oo. Triry.
L.itnroj». Stockton, MerciJd.
Uajmond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, llanford. Lrmoorr. VUaria.
Itaker»neli. L«m Ans«>ie» 7.?0»
2.00" Haywanl. »:!lf« anrl Way Stations. 3'0^
\*,&0r Sacramento Utver Steamer*...- ti ! OUJ"
iiOr Bmlcla. ■Winters. Sacrament^
W*i.i:»i .1, Knlshts Lnndlnn.
Marj.iv!::e. OroTU!« and way
■tntton* '25?*
S.3f!r naywar.f.KllcaandWay 8wt!on«.. 7-5ur
3.30^ Port Coil*. Martinez. Uyron.
Tracy. Latorop. Modesto.
Merced. Frcsoo and Way 6t*r
tlons U?yond Port C«mt* 12-2Cr
5.30P M»rtlne«. Tracy. Stockton. LMI... 10.20*
400^ Martinez.San U*i!>(>i».Vai:eJo,N'a?«.
Callstoca, Santa Uos» 9 2£%
400r Jllles. Trac». Stockton. LoUl 4.2JF
4.J3P II«yw*r>l. Nl'.es. Irrlngtun. San) t3.50*
Jo»». LKernjore } t11.S(U
64J0r Tne Owl Limited— N'ewm-n. L«*
iUnos. Menduia. Fresno. Tuiare.
Bakers6eld. Los Angeiea.
Coldrn State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Loa An^-ele*. fur chl- .
«>;■>. via C. i: 1. « J' *.-.. 8.50k
E.COp Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 2Qi»
tB 30p lUyward. -Vile* and San Jose 7204
SOOr Hay ward. Ul!c» and San Jose 9 tO*
iJiOr Eastern Express— Ofcden. Denver.
Omaaa. St. Louis. Catcago and .
East. Port Costa. Dealcla. Sul-
snn. Elmlra. DaTjs. Sacrameatu,
Kociclin. Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Ueno. Wada-
1 worth, 'Wlnnemacca 5 20p
S.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Suaday... . { 7 en«
70Cp Vaiiejo. Sunday only t
7 nflp hKhmond. san Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinet and Way stations 11.20*
8.05p Oreiron A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Mary»Tille. Redding.
Portland. Pu;ct Sound and East. 8-50*
6.1 Or- Hayward. N lies aad San Jose (Sua-
dayotrly) 1150*
COAST LINE (.Harrow Oan^e).
(Foot of Marlcet Street.)
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. Raa Joae.
Feiton. BoaWer Creek. Stata
Crm and Way Stations 5 55*
t215P Newark. Centerrtlle. Saa Jose,
New Almadeo.Lus G.ito> ."el ton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Ct -* an,d
Principal Way StaUons tlQ.55*
4-1Sp Newark. Sao Jose, Los G atoa and } 18 S5 *
waystattonii i:10S5a
•9-30p Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Beturn-
lne from Lo» Gaton Sunday only. 17 25f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN HCAKCISCO. Foot of Market St. <Sllp«>
— fltta »:0O xuwa.x. 1 CO 3 00 5.15 r.n.
From OAKLAND, root of Broadway — 1«:00 t3:<*
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Br«ad t-a B «e).
ardnlrd and Townseud Streets.)
610* San Jose and Way Station*. - 6.30V-
7 CO* San Jose and Way stations 5-3SP
800* Kew Almaden (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00* The Coaster — Stops only Sao Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Hol'.ls-
ter). Pajaro. Castrorllie (con-
neerton to and from Monterey' •/••'.
aad Pactac Groye). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso RoMea. Santa Mir
rartta. Saa Luis Obispo. principal
•tatlont thence Surf (connection
for Lomp-K). principal stations
• th*uce Santa Barbara.S*nBaensr ' •
Teotnra, Sauzas. Los Aageles... 10-4W
I.COa San Jose. Tres Plnot. Capttolsv
SantaCrnz.Paelfic (iroTe.Sallnaa,
8an Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations - 1.20?
11-30* Santa Clara. San Jose. L.oa Gatos
and Way Statlona ; - #-30p
1 2Qr San Jose and Way Stations ...• ...i 8 3£a
J 00p Del Monte Express— Santa CTar*.
San Jc««*. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connect* at Santa
. ' Clara for Santa Cruz. ISou'.der »V
Creek and Karrow Gause Potau)
.';. j at Gllroy for HolMater. Tres
Pinos. at CastroTtlle for Saltna*. 12.15»"
2-301' Tres Plnoa Way Passentrer 10 45a
433r San Jo»e and Way Stations +3. CO*
tSOQr San Jose. (rl« Santa Clara) Lot ' .-
■ Gato*. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Snndart f 900*
,fc-3C«* ban Jose and Principal Way Stations {940*
6.bO> Sonset Limited.— Bedwofi San
-»- - Jo#e,Gnroy.Saliaas,Paso liobles.'
Saa Luis OUIspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Jlnitelet. Demlnsr. Kl Psso, •
Kew Orleans. New York. Cor> -. -
necu at Pajaro for Santa Ctul
and at Ca«troTtli<t for PaciSe
Grora and W.ty Stations 7-10*
IS thr EauMatecsBerrsfor4.Uelm43t.Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oa&s.
MenloParic. Palo Alto t«43*
6 30r San Jo«« and Way Stntlona 638*
SCO? Palo AUo and Way Stations 10-15*
II.JOp South San Frsnclsoo; M Ulbrae.Bur-
llnirame. San Mateo. Belmonc-
Saa Carlos. Redwood, F«tr- Uaka,
Memo Park, and 1'nio A!u>. 9-45P
•ill 33 p May fl »!<t. Mounula View. Sunny-
rale, Lawrence. SaaU Clam and •
S»nJ«we a45>
A for MornlBK- P tor Afurnooa.
1 Sonday excepted. t Sunday onl*
a Saturday only.
I Stop, at all stations oa Sunday. _-
Or Only tralo-s stopping at Vaiencla St. soathbosnd
sreb-.W a.x^ 7:00* J«~U:»AJi,»:»rJ«-»:30r.li. and
1:00 r.X.
Mt, Tamalpais Railway
L«ave Tia Siiisiiu ftrry .VrriTe
SaaFranctaco T—t «f Karls* 3s. San Praoctoco
Week Sun- g"B^ Sun- Week
D»>^. dan TV
•WmT* »:ooa 6>*iiRiK-A li:oir 10:401
I «l:45r 9:OOa eS^Sfr^ l:35r»:5i»>
ft:l5p IO-.OOa »:S()p VSO».
>___ ll:OO* V^^^5^ 4:5Op »:SO»
.,, »-lJt» T;«<>» * ■ ,
t "ftsiMi 1 *tl> *»c* i» «y» na TIP«w teas;
ncilf 1 6Jb Majuott St^( North Shore (Utlrood)'
QUOD I aad S*usAixro Fm» foot Market St.
. $1 pei* Year*
1516
HEAVY DRILLS
ARE IN ORDER
Infantry Troops at Presidio
Will Soon Begin Series of
Active Service Maneuvers
ARDUOUS WORK PLANNED
General 3IacArthur Will Call
Officially on Captain Piscetto
and Display His New Colprs
General MacArthur has practically
completed arrangements for the ac
tive service drills at the Presidio, In
which both the Tenth Infantry and
the Twenty-eighth Infantry are to
take part.
These drills will in all probability
bepin about March 1 and will con
tinue for a period of six months, there
being daily drills, excepting on Satur
day and Sunday during: that time.
Half of the time will be devoted to
what is called administration day, and
the remaining hiiif to what is known
as military day. These drills will take
place all over the different grounds at
the post, including the lower parade
ground, tha high lands back of the
point and the golf grounds. It is the
intention to conduct these drills just
as though the troops were participat
ing in actual warfare. Bridges will
be constructed, embankments thrown
up and every part and adjunct to mili
tary warfare to the minutest detail
will be entered into with all attention
j'ospible. It will be a case of arduDus
duty and will in some respects smack
of the training: and schooling that is
taken up at West Point. Both Colonel
Noble of the Tenth and Colonel Sweet
of the Twenty-eighth infantries are
entering into the spirit of the plan
with great enthusiasm.
MACARTHlirs NEW FLAG.
General MacArthur will make his
official call on Captain Ulrico Piscetto,
commander of the Italian cruiser
Puglia. to-morrow morning. Accom
panied by his aid. Major Parker W.
West, he will board the transport
Sherman's launch at 11 o'clock at the
foot of Folsom street and proceed to
the war vessel. General MacArthur
will use for the first time his new
major general's flag, which will float
from the stern of the launch. It is
brilliant red in color, relieved by two
!ar,7<| white stars. This flag is a recent
addition to army regulations. After
the general has paid -his respects to
the foreign visitor and departed from
the cruiser, the Puglia will fire a
salute of thirteen guns, while the gen
oral will s(and uncovered until the sa
lute is concluded.
The funeral of the late Captain Wil
li.im McCleave will take place from
his residence in Berkeley, after which
the remains will be brought to this
city for interment in the National
Cemetery. The funeral party will ar
rive at the Lombard-street entrance to
The post to-day shortly after 2 o'clock,
where it will be met by one com
pany of infantry from the cantc-nment.
which will act as escort and firing
party. A caisson drawn by six bay
chargers will be in waiting to bear the
body to its final resting place.
The aged captain left two sons. Cap
tain Edward G. McCleave. Twenty
ninth Infantry, stationed at Manila,
and Captain Robert McCleave, sta
tioned at Fort D. A. Russell, Wyoming.
OOXCERT PROGRAMME.
Lieutenant Reginald E. McNally.
Third Cavalry, stationed at Fort As
sinr.iboine. Montana, who is suffering
frc-m appendicitis, is being brought to
the General Hospital to be operated
on by Surseon Thomas L. Rhodes. Sur
greon Rhodes has operated on over 150
cases of this disease, with success every
time. *
To-day at 3:30 p. m., weather per
mitting, the Third' Artillery Corps
band, under the leadership of Armand
Putz, will give the following pro
gramme on the alnmeda:
Overture— "The Golden Wand". . . .Laurendeau
ril«xini!< chorus from "I 1 Lorabardi" Verdi
eharactrrbtic— "Heby I'olka" niaJ
Selection— "RoTreo and Juliet" "o'ounod
ratrcl- The Bhw and the Gray".. Dalbey
Great patriotic inarch— "Uncle Sammy'"..
' Holzmann
Th- post basebaJl team will cross
bats with the Berkeley-Stanford
Alumni tram to-morrow at 2:30 p. m.
on the ProsSdio Athletic Grounds.
Captain John R. Slattery, Engineer
Corps, registered at headquarters yes
terday, en route to Honolulu.
Fire in Club Building.
A fire started in the building on the
northwest corner of Kearny street and
Union Square avenue yesterday and
caused considerable commotion
r.rr.ong; members of the California
Jockey Club and the Montieello Club,
which occupy the second and third
f oors. The flames came from a store
room, but were quickly extinguished.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
STERILIZED BARBER SHOP.
A PuaoM Shoo ia the CarroUton Hotel.
Baltimore. Maryland.
The barber shop in tne Carrollton Ho-
tel. Baltimore, sterilizes everything it
uses in the shop. The sterilizing is done
by heat. The towels, the razors, the
etrops. the soap, the combs and brushes
are all sterilized before being used on a
customer. Where there is no steriliza-
tion, have the barber use Ncwbro's Iler-
picide. It kills the dandruff germ, and
:t is an antiseptic for the scalp and for
tl:e face after shaving. All leading bar-
ots everywhere appreciate these potent
facts about Herpicide and they use it.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef
J>-ct " Sold by leading druggists. Send
3 0c in stamps for sample to The Herni-
cide Co., Detroit, Micb.7 p
CASTOR I A
Por Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C/vix^/jfXu^^i^
#Trr i theia Coughs, Colds,
Asthma, Bronchitis,
Hoarseness,
and Sore Throat.
Ffco-StaEe A/ J /? *£ enemy
Mr 1 " 1 ""' 02rL»!tj&cnmJ&>>* box.
BOLTON, DE RUYTER & CO.
FACE HOST OF CREDITORS
Lay Blame for the Failure Upon Unwarranted Favors
Granted by Employes and Claim to Have Assets
Enough to Pay All Debts in Full on Basis of Showing
The creditors % ot the suspended
ployes of Bolton, de Duyter & Co.
& Co. met yesterday. They appointed
a committee of three to investigate and
heard a preliminary statement of the
financial condition of .the house, which,
as summarized by Thomas C. Van
Ness, attorney for the brokers, shows a
net indebtedness of $90,000 and net as
sets amounting to $98,000.
After the meeting Attorney Van Ness
made a statement. He said the fail
ure was due, as reported in The Call
yesterday morning, primarily to the
failure of Sharp & Bryan and sec
ondarily to the actions of trusted em
ployes of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co.
The employes referred to by Mr. Van
Ness are Richard Genung, manager,
and Daniel O'Connell, the former book
keeper. Mr. Van Ness estimated the
loss by manipulations of Genung and
O'Connell at *40,000.
Later in the afternoon, being inter
viewed by a reporter of The Call,
Genung, after having the statements
of Mr. Van Ness repeated to him and
being offered a chance to make a reply,
positively refused to say one. word for
publication. Mr. de Ruyter, who was
present at this interview, said In an
swer to a question that the firm had
no intention of proceeding against
Genung or O'Connell.
The creditors, after their meeting,
were not very sanguine, as. they openly
expressed their opinions that they
would not receive any large percentage
of their total claims. The assets are
largely book accounts against persons
in this city who have done business
with the firm in ordering purchases of
stocks or other securities on margins
and who are owing sums of varying
Eize to make goqd;' stocks that are re
ported to be held by brokers in New
York and office fixtures. There is also
a claim for $38,000 held by the firm as
an asset that is based on chattel and
second mortgage on land and crops in
California. One person, whose name
was not" given out by the firm, is re
ported to owe the sum of 510,000 'on
margins. This claim is reported to be
good. The stocks that are in the East
were purchased in the names of New
York brokers, but are reported to be
available as assets.
Mr. de Ruyter claimed yesterday af
ternoon that his firm would be able
to eventually pay every dollar to cred
itors, but time would be needed to ac
complish this.
VAX XESS EXPLAINS.
The chief interest In the proceedings
of the day was attached to the detailed
statements of Attorney Van Ness, in
substance as follows:
1 called the meeting of creditors to order
tcday and explained what the cause* of sus-
I>en£ion were. These were the failure of
Sharp &. Uryan, which taxed the resources of
Bolton. de Ruyter & Co.. and the reduction
of the cash capital by Genung. who allowed
credits to run on the books of the firm, on
which there are losses of $40,000 to *50.000
to pay, without any return to the firm. The
partners found that there was no cash re
maining with which to carry on business and,
as to go on would be operating In the marks
against their customers, I advised suspension.
The preliminary report of the bookkeeper*
was submitted at the meeting of the creditors.
This made the net liabilities about $1KV.i»k»
and the assets about $116,000. of which $18.
000 on the books is bad, but $98,000 Is proba
bly good. The present available net asset*,
excluding chattel and second mortgage for
$38,000. is about $60,000. If the $38,000 Is
realized the creditors will be paid about dol
lar for dollar. The liabilities and assets as
cjuoted, I would not be understood as saying
are the total liabilities and assets, but they
are the net ones. The real figures might be
$300,000 and $200,000 as represented on the
books. The net figures are representative of
the conditions existing If the assets were to
be sold to-day.
I will explain how Genung could operate as
he has done. Suppose a friend of his came in
and asked to have a chance to gamble and
Raid that he had no money, but asked Genung
to put up. the friend promising to make good
for any lots. Possibly the friend might prom
ise to give Genung half of the profits. for the
credit. Genung would then take the money of
Bolton, De Ituyter & Co. and put It up. If
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1904
the market went against Genung's friend
then the loss would fall on Bolton, De Ruyter
& Co.
FIRM STILL IX DARK.
The firm dees not know how long this sort
of thine has been going ,on. The partners
have been together about three years and
Genung: has been with them all that time.
Probably Genung expected to make good, but
he got In deeper and deeper. Finally the firm
made the discovery that stocks that were
supposed to be to the credit of customers had
been sold. They found out that the accounts
had been Juggled with. Genung will not prob
ably be criminally prosecuted, for Bolton, de
Kuyter & Co. think the offense was a misuse
of credit rather than of money.
Mr. de Ruyter said that the losses
were entirely due to the work of Ge
nung and Daniel O'Connell. The former
would sell the ' stock and O'Connell
looked out for the books. "We had
absolute confidence in Genung," said
Mr. de Ruyter yesterday afternoon.
"If he had been a brother we could
not have trusted him more fully. I do
not feel inclined to prosecute him.: I
leave it to his conscience."
Late yesterday afternoon Mr. Van
Ness- said that Bolton and de Ruyter
will dissolve partnership and will liqui
date. Mr. de Ruyter, so said Mr. 'Van
Ness, has exhausted his resources. Mr.
Bolton has a membership in the Stock
and Bond Exchange. He will probably
continue' in the board and de Ruyter
will probably engage in some other
business.
From the opening business hour yes
terday morning the offices of Bolton,
de Ruyter & Co. were the center of in
terest on the part of creditors. All day
the partners were busily engaged until'
after the meeting of creditors had been
held. The accountants were working
all Wednesday night and had ready a
statement yesterday morning that was
presented to the creditors yesterday
afternoon. A detailed statement con
cerning the names of the creditors and
the amounts due to them respectively
was not made up.
Attorney Van Ness declared that
there were no large creditors. The. ap
pearance of the^ creditors when they
gathered in meeting in the afternoon
carried out this assertion. While there
were present among the assembled
creditors a few lawyers of- moderate
means and a few men whose business
standing Is good for considerable
amounts, the majority of the creditors
who were in attendance when Mr. 'Van
Ness called them, to order were men
unknown either in business, banking
or commerce. Their claims, ran not
more than a few hundred dollars each
on the average. The brokers refused to
give out any names or amounts In re
ferring to either their creditors or then
debtors, saying. that the business was
purely confidential.
CREDITORS' CO3IMITTEE.
On the whole the creditors were good
natured after the meeting. One of the
number, however, went down California
street exclaiming excitedly something
about handcuffs, but did not explain
what he meant. The creditors elected
J. H. Jellett as chairman of their com
mittee to investigate and report "con
cerning the transactions and standing
of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
The committee will make a report
at a meeting of the creditors to be
held one week from next Monday.
Mr. Jellett is an attorney of the firm
of Jellett & Meyerstein and is con
nected in a legal capacity with the
commercial agency of R. G. Dun &
Co. Jellett Bald last evening that the
committee will first obtain from Bol
ton. De Ruyter.& Co, a detailed state
ment and then will investigate- on
that basis, finding; out whether the
MAN* WHO IS BLAMED FOR
THE FAILURE AND CRED
ITORS' SPOKESMAN. - . .
statement is correct and learning
what can be- realized for the, benefit
of the creditors.
No brokers in this city have been
affected by the suspension of Bolton,
De Ituyter & Co. Only one member
of the firm belonged to the San Fran
cisco Stock and Bond Exchange/this
being Bolton. De Ruyter says that
no bank is concerned as a creditor.
While the suspension was discussed
by the brokers of the Stock and Bond
Exchange yesterday, before and after
meetings, there was no action to be
taken by the board, as the firm was
not a member. • The volume of busi
ness transacted by the Stock and
Bond • Exchange was not disturbed
visibly by the Bolton, De Ruyter mis
hap. Xo business was transacted by
Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. yesterday.
The experts . toiled j all day over the
books of .the concern. Until this work
is completed it will not be known how
long Genung and O'Connell operated.
O'Connell has hot been employed by
the firm for soine* months. He was
dismissed -about three months ago..
Since then he has been East and re
turned* toy this city .only recently. He
has played the races more or less.
That was the reason assigned for dis
missing him.
The firm of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
had no idea that O'Connell had any
thing to do with the shortage that has
been '• discovered until "Genung, being
questioned, , mentioned O'Connell's
name.'. ■ To his friends O'Connell de
nies that he has operated In connec
tion with Genung and also denies
that he : was in any way-responsi
ble for: the shortage and the troubles
that, have befallen his former em
ployers. ■ ■ : .' f?;5?/ : .
CROCKER- WOOLWORTH BANK
The suspension of Bolton, de Ruy
ter & Co. caused surprise' at the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank.
The first intelligence of the failure
was received at the bank late Wednes
day afterrioon.
"When I heard the news," said
Wellington Gregg, was utterly sur
prised. Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. have
an account with this bank, but they
do not owe us a dollar. The firm sim
ply had a balance here and checked
against it. When the firm began
business Will Crocker, who enter;
tained personal friendship. for Jack
de Ruyter, promised the latter to help
along in a business way, but the bank
had no Interest in the firm of brokers
beyond that."
Report on Maritime .Libel.
In the maritime libel filed by> the
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Company vs.
the ship Musselcrag and C. W. Cor
sair, United States Commissioner
George E. Morse reported yesterday
to United States District Judge de
Haven that the damage by jetison of
cargo was $776 24 and the total dam
age to the cargo, Including interest,
was $6613 3L
ITALIAN MUSIC
RETAINS CHARM
Fills Lyric Hall With the At
mosphere That Permeated Old
Tivoli During Grand Opera
CONCERT AT ALHAMBEA
Neat Sum Is Netted by Event
for- Benefit of the Sacred
Heart Presentation Convent
Lyric Hall had an'atmosphere last
evening that was strikingly remindful
of the grand opera season at the old
Tivoii. Some of the Italian artists
were on the stage and many of the
former patrons were in the auditori
um. The music, too, strengthened the
remembrance, for the programme was
largely made up of selections from
the favorite Italian While the
glorious sextet from "Lucia" was be
ing sung, it required no severe strain
on the imagination to fancy oneself
back in the old house that for thirty
years was a shrine for San Francis
co's music worshipers.
The concert was given by a new vo
cal organization, the Verdi Interna
tional Sextet, composed of Miss V. C.
Hickey, soprano; Mrs. W. Briggs, so
prano; Miss M. Judson, contralto; Sig
nor, C. Cortesi, tenor; Signor C. S.
Wanrell, basso, and Signor D. Borghe
se, barytone. Professor S. Martinez
played the accompaniments. In the
concerted numbers the voices were
fairly well balanced, the tenor being
the only one that showed comparative
weakness. Cortesi's vocal equipment
is timeworn^nd harmonized but poor
ly with the young and flexible contral
to of Miss Judson, with whom he sang
a Verdi duo. Signor Borghese's sing
ing of the "Pagliacci" prologue was
the best executed solo of th.e pro
gramme. Every number was applaud
ed, however, and encores considerably
extended the ; previously prescribed
time. The audience was not as large
as the fame of the artists and the
make-up of the bill would have led
one to expect. The programme was
as follows:
Prologue of "PaicUacci" (Leoncavallo). Slg.
D. Borghese; duo from "11 Trovatore" (Verdi),
Miss M. Judson and Slg. O. duo from
"Forza del Drstlno" (Verdi). Mrs. \V. Briggs
and Si*. Wanrell; aria of -"La Cieca" from
"Gloccmla" (Ponchlelli), Miss M. Judson;
quintet from "Mose"' (Rossini). Mrs. Briggs.
Miss Judson and Slgnorl Cortesi, Borghese
and Wanrell; quartet. "Stabat Mater" (Rcs
slni). Miss Hickey. Miss Judson and Slgnorl
Cortesi and Wanrell; aria. "No, possibil
non e" Urom "Le YilU") (Puccini), Sig. D.
JJorghese; duo from "I^akme" (Du Bois), Miss
Hickey and Miss Judson: "O sacra terra'"
(from "I Vesprl Siclliani") (Verdi). Slg. Wan
rell: rextft from "Lucia" (Donizetti). Miss
Hickey. Miss Judson and Slgnori Cortesi.
Borghese, Wanrell and Evans.
Rather a disappointing house
greeted the musical and dramatic en
tertainment at the Alhambra last
night for the benefit of the Sacred
Heart Presentation Convent. The de
serving institution owes $1100 for taxes
and the alumnae organized the ben
efit in the hope of raising the burden
from the shoulders of the meek women
who have given their lives to the high
er education of girls who otherwise
would be obliged to forego the ad
vantages of advanced courses. Nearly
half of the amount needed was raised,
from the proceeds of the entertain
ment. The programme was as fol
lows:
Selections, orchestra; vocal solo, * Charles
Drady; recitation (selected). Silas Alice Dono
hue; vocal duet, the Misses Kottanzl; violin
tolo. "Sixth Air Varic" (De lieriot). Raymond
Nolan; vocal solo, (a) "A Romance" (Rubin
stein) (b) "Jrlsh Folk Son*" (Foote). M'm
Ella V. McCloskey. accompanist Harry W.
Brown; Spanish dance. Miss Elizabeth I,lebert;
specialties, introducing "The Newsboy's Pipe
Dream." Bert Mtnner and Robert Orcnnan: se
lections, orchestra; barytone solo. Harry "Wood
Brown; piano eolo. "Cachoucha" (Raff). 1IIS3
Clara R. Nolan.
Following the musical programme
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
HAPPY MOTiei""
TOUGHING STORY
Of Baby's Dreadful Suffer*
Ing from Eczema.
CURED BY CUTICURA.
Now His Skin Is as White
as a Snow Flake.
•• A terrible rash broke out on Char-
lie's poor little face and spread to his
neck, chest and back. I had never seen
anything quite like it before," writes
Mrs. Helena Rath of 821 10th Atc, N. Y.
City. "The skin rose In little lumps,
ygcjj^' and matter came
f out. Jly baby's skin
&»■> was k Qt ' * nc * Q0W
/^Ot^r^^v he did suffer. He
KJ^r5££?*2i\o) wouldn't eat, and
ziVV^' ui$!{F nlsht after ni K Qt I
NKMuV ,^^ walked the floor
s() /[ \ / HjTwlth him, weak as I
j L\ \ / / v /.was. Often I had
I r^~*lo stop because I
s^"^^ felt faint and my
back throbbed with pain. But the worst
pain of all was to see my poor little
boy burning with those nasty sores.
At last I was persuaded by a friend
across the street to try the Cnticura
Remedies. She gave mo some Cuticura
Ointment — I think the box was about
half full — and a piece of Cuticura Soap.
I followed the dircetions, .bathing
Charlie and putting that nice Ointment
on the sores. Little by little, bgt so
surely,' Charlie' and I both got more
peace by day and more sleep by night.
The sores sort. of dried up and went
away, and now Charlie la cared com-
pletely. " .'■<,
" Yes, that fat little boy by the win-
dow is Charlie, and his skin is as white
as a snow flake, thanks to the Cuticura
Remedies. I think everybody should
know about the Soap and Ointment,
and if it is gq}ng to help other mothers
with sick babies, go ahead and publish
what I have told you."
Sold throughout th« world. Cotlcnrm Rnolrrat. Ms.
rla form ef ChocoUtr Coated TJ'.U. Jie. p*t »l«l of CT).
Ointment, Me., Soap, tie. Depots! London. V Charter*
houM fiq.t Piru. t Hue d* U 1'uxi Boston, IS Columbuf
At*. Potter Drar * Chen. Corp.. Sol* Prep*.
ST Bead tot " AU JU&ooJ th« Skin, 8e»Jp tod Uiit." ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I n Sb ffl can have a suit
feiOMFV' Boys' suits
mum* » don't cost
much
at Brown's.
Good suits, too.
$aa Oft Young Men's all wool
£ *^ V blue Serge Suits; ages 12
B to 19 years; were $10.00
AH sizes, all styles, all prices.
a
Open till ten on Saturday nights.
MILL TO MAN.
Retailing direct to you.
516518 MARKET s£n&&&ieby
an amusing skit was rendered entitled
"When Greek Meets Greek." The en
tertainment was thoroughly enjoyable
throughout and deserved a much bet
ter patronage than it received.
Miss Mary Carrlck gave a piano re
cital last night at Steinway Hall,
which 'brought out a large audience
composed of the music lovers of the
city. While at her last concert she
achieved a marked and pronounced
success, she showed last night that she
had made great strides over her pre
vious efforts. Her playing is clear cut
and facile. She interprets with intelli
gence and a thorough understanding of
the subject she is handling, and in
many instances her execution is of un
usual brilliancy. Her auditors were en
thusiastic and she was recalled after
every number. Following is the pro
gramme:
Overture D major (Bach-Saint Saens>. Sona
ta. E major, op HIS (Beethoven). Vivace ma non
troppo. adagio espresslvo. tempo primo; Pres
tissimo. Andante con variazonl. Intermezzo.
E minor op. 11!» No. 2; Rhapsody. B minor,
op. "!>. No. 1 (Brahms). "Lady of Shalott"
and "Cleopatra" (after Tennyson) (Albert
Elkus) Etudes Symphoniques. op. 13 (Schu
mann).' Etudes Ue Concert, op. 10 (Poldlnl).
No. 6 B minor; No. 2. A major; No. 1, O
flat major; No. .">. A flat major. "Eugene
Oneguir.e" (paraphrase de concert) (Tschai
kowsky-Pabst.)
TEHSOXAL.
Judge Hart of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
State Senator J. B. Curtln of Sonora
is at the California.
F. W. Swanton, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
Former Assemblyman C. B. Jilson
of Napa is at the Grand.
Ex-State Senator A. F. Jones of
Oroville is at the Palace.
Austin H. Brown, a mining man of
Kennett, la at the Palace.
P. C. Drescher, a merchant of Sac
ramento, Is at the California.
Dr. B. A. Plant of Santa Cruz regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
J. C. White, a prominent merchant of
Marysville, is at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. T. L. Patterson of Los
Angeles are registered at the Palace.
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the
smelters at Keswick, is at the Palace.
Charles J. Lindgren,' a contractor
and builder' of ' Fresno, is at the
Grand.
Dr. George Milton Bradfleld of the
steamship Mariposa is staying at the
Occidental.
Harry V. Ramsdell. the well-known
local merchant, has just returned
from a trip abroad.
William P. Hammon. head of the
big dredging company at Oroville, is
registered at the Palace.
W. E. Hildreth, proprietor of the Met
ropolitan Hotel of New York and the
West End Hotel of Long Branch, and
family arrived from the East yesterday
and are staying at the Palace.
Edward P. Brinegar, a well-known
automobile merchant of this city, has
returned from a several weeks' busi
ness trip in the East, where he at
tended the recent automobile show
and visited a number of factories in
which his firm is interested.
Callfornlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Feb. 4. — The
following Californians registered here
to-day: At the Riggs House — S. O.
Houghton of San Francisco and . Mrs.
Gertrude Torker of Pasadena.
Californlnns in Xew York.
NEW YORK, Feb./-!. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Fraficisco, C. D. Bronson, at
the St. Denis; Mrs. L. M. Dwyer, at
the Navarre; I. G. Treadwell, at the
Imperial; R. H. Allen and wife and
H. R. Lincoln at the Continental.
The Latest Styles.
This season's styles of picture frame
materials are exquisite; pretty little
shapes and finishes to be matched with
perfect harmony In all tints of mattings.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
AVoodworth Collects Old Bill.
United States District Attorney
Marshall B. Woodworth collected yes
terday $263 30 on an execution in favor
of the Government on a brandy ex
port bond given by Sigmund S. Bam
berger, C. W. Craig and Henry Falk
enstein. The suit was begun in 1893,
but was not prosecuted until Mr.
Woodworth took office.
■ ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam helps from
the first dose, cures In a day. 25c, 50c. . *
Lecture at Cooper College.
William Fitch Cheney will lecture at
the Cooper Medical College this even
ing on "Popular - Mistakes About the
Cases of* Children." This will be the
third of the Lane lecture course.
Some very swell wedding Invitation* eeaa
from Ksowlet. 24 Second street. Uala SOS. •
Friday, Saturday and Saturday Viffbt.
BEST CORK STARCH, lb pki 3c.
SOFT SHELL ALM02T03 lb. 7VaC
New nuts — bright and plump. Worth
double.
SLICED LEMON. CLING PEACHES. 13o
Can IQc.
WORCESTERSHIRE SATJCE.2 bot» 2,'c
Genuine. J. Marshall & Co.
20c Qt. Dot. SALAD Oil. 15c.
BUTTER B K V 35c
Large Slza — Good. Sweet BnttT.
LARGE DILL PICKLES. 4 for 5c.
PRUNES. Larffe 6 H>« 25c
Tender and Juicy. Fine «atlng.
BEST PEARS. 30c Quart Jara 20c. '
JAVA & MOCHA, Broken 3 lbs. ,"iOe
Be^t va!u« Coffee. Never changes la qual-
Ity or Drlce.
EVAPORATED APPLE3. pound 5c.
ALL CBEAMS .*. . .3 biff cans '27>c
Lliy — Pet or Porr>*.
BEST HOPg. 10c packages 5c.
FRAGRANT TEAS lb. 3Sc
All 60c varieties — any kind you like.
10c CAROLINA RICE. 5 lbg S5c.
BEST SOAP 7 largro ban 23c
Faber's pure Soap — Cream color. Usually
5c straisht. !
OHIRARDELU'S COCOA, 25c Can 20c.
MACARONI. Spasrhetti or Vermicelli
lb. 5c
Hade from hard Spring Wheat. Usually
! 3 lba 25c.
LOWNEY'S COCOA. Can 10c.
FOBT or SHE3ST, 4 years old.ffaL GoC
Taste at Store. Well worth $1.
40c bot. WILSON "WHISKY. 20c.
HORSESHOE WEISKY»90c qt. bot. 55c
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY. '.
lO-pcun.1 pall pure Leaf Lard ....fM)«s
3-pound pall pure Leaf Lard .....;ti»e
15c cans Table Fruit. .'I cans 2J>c
li«c sacks Table Salt at r»«
C5c sack Cream Corn Meal S5c
1001 FILLMORE S?] 119 TAYLOR ST
Iff Chocolates W I
I Given Away Free |
j Teas, Coffees, Spices I
i Baking Powder d
I It Pays to |
| Trade at [J
I Great American Importing Tea Co's |
M 861 Market 210 Grant ST. 1413 Polk fi
•j 140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 70S Larkin R
■ 473 Haiffht 8006 Sixteenth S55 Hayes S
Q 32S5 Mission £21 MontarV are. S3 Market E
D 2003 Fillmore 2516 Mission 1W Ninth g
g 366 Third " 2732 *4th 469FourthH
*?nW Bh B ll Half
*".GUTI«EHY r
DR PIERCES
MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
< FOR THE
BLOOD.L1VER.LUNGS:
mMSOM U/ORK.
Bel:iir a Master Mason. I build and repair
any kind of atone and brick work; done
neatly. Address ZATTERLUXD. 627
O'FarrHl >t.
tf-fe 0 flni Ammunition. Hunting ami
H B 3 liAfi V Sporting Goods. L*r*e»t
BnB I |U >toclc Lowest prices. Sena
■ SB I tiff Ik fcr catalogue.
\£ \0 3 \3 «J BHRSVE & BARBER CO..
1SS Market tt. and SSI
Kearny it.
\ai. t: hbss.
Notary Public and Attorce7-at-I<aw.
Tenth Floor, Rocm 1013. Claua Sprackela bill.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence. 1S02 McAllister it.
Residence Telephoco rasa 5t>U.