TSH WEATEEHi
. -t i'^f *'■■-.«
Forecast made mt San Pran- 1,
elsfaor fox tMrty hours ' ending
xa\n night. reLniary 23: X.
San Francisco .'and vicinity—
-^V^"lKJf^*o**olurt«r/{ '-
VOLUME XCV— NO. So.
FOUR RUSSIAN TORPEDO-BOATS AR E C APTURED
THROUGH JAPANESE STRATEGY AT PORT ARTHUR
Russian f^Hn'h^^i'Za^ c ? rres P° ndent °f the Daily Telegraph, cabling under date of February 22, reports that the Japanese squadron has captured four
Zese Th/r^ZZhfT tZ ** "£"? an "I 1 ""'*- ™ S dis P atch °PP«v*. *> confirm reports from various quarters of a fresh attack on Port Arthur by the Japa.
nese. The report reached Nagasaki from Chefu, and it adds that the Russian crews of the four torpedo-boats have been transferred.
ANARCHIST
PROPAGANDA
UNCOVERED
Prussian Socialists
Involved in the
Movement.
Treasonable Literature Is
; Captured by the'
Government
One Book Gives Minute Directions for
the Organizing of Plots
for Assassinations.
. BERLIN. Feb. 22.-The debate which
fcegan in the Reichstag on January 19
-. regarding the police surveillance of
Russian students in Germany was re-
Fumed to-day in the Prussian Diet, and
. the Prussian Minister of Justice, Dr.
Schoenstedt. and the Prussian Minister
Of the Interior. Freiherr von Hammer-
Etein, went at length into the allega
tions made in the Reichstag by Herr
Haas (Social Democrat), Herr Bebel,
• the Socialist leader in the Reichstag,
and. others. The Ministers explained
the action of the Government in this
matter so satisfactorily that they won !
the approval of the opposition speak- !
trs.
pr. Schoenstedt gave a full statement !
<*f the reasons for the arrest of a num- I
ber of Socialists at Koenigsburg, which '
had aroused such bitter denunciations ■
from the Socialist speakers in the
; Reichstag. He said the state attorneys !
of East Prussia had long been aware i
cf the existence of a system of smug- i
pUng undesirable literature into Rus- '
sia» and an examination had resulted |
in tae finding of extensive deposits of i
these pamphlets hidden in various bor
der towns. They succeeded in securing
".a number of these documents, most of \
which had been prepared in Switzer- ;
land and translated into Russian and j
Lithuanian. Translations into German j
. showed that many of these pamphlets j
were of a treasonable and anarchistic '
""character.
Dr. Schoenstedt read a passage from ■
one document which expressly advo
' cated murder, and quoted the following
phrase :
"I prefer, however, that Nicholas II
,«hould not die by a bullet, but rather
be reserved for the scaffold."
A search of houses where this litera
ture was found brought out the fact
that twelve to thirteen persons engaged
In the smuggling were all Social Dem
ocrats, and correspondence was seized j
■which points very strongly to the as
eumption that they were* acting under
orders of the party managers.
Freiherr von Hammerstein. in his
address, referred to a small book that
had been seized, which gave minute
directions for the organizing of mur
derous plots.
After the Minister of the Interior
concluded a few short addresses were
made aod every one expressed satis
faction with the Government's state
ment. One speaker regretted that these
explanations were not given in the
Reichsatg at once so that the force of
the Socialist charges there might have
been broken.
PANAMA CANAL BOTHERS
HUNGARIAN- STATES3EEX
VIENNA. Feb. 22.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Hungarian Diet an inter
pellation was made by Count Emme
rich Szechenyi. who asked whether
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs did
not consider it possible and even nec
essary to join with other powers in
taking international action regarding
the* future use of the Panama canal,
in order to secure equal treatment of
foreign vessels in time of peace and
war. Minister Mueller, on behalf of
Count Goluchowski. Austro-Hungar
*ian Minister of Foreign Affairs, an
pwered the Interpellation by saying
that If this question became an ac
tual one the initiative in the mattter
would have to be taken by powers
more directly interested.
Was Born in Last Century.
UKIAH. Feb. 22.— Frank Fernler of
Melbourne celebrated his 105th birth
day Sunday. He is the oldest man in
the county, if not in the State. Portu
grufflse Frank, as he is known to the
traveling public, is a native of Portu
gal. He was one of the three first
• *hrte men who landed on this coast.
lj^ conducts a roadhouse on Mendo
clno road and is in good health, en
tertaining visitors on his birthday
with a native Portugruese dance. He
baa never worn classes.
The San Francisco Call.
Kaiser Believes
War Will Mot
Spread.
Special Dispatch to The Call
| ROME. Feb. 22.— United States Em
j bassador Meyer, who has just returned
i to his post here from Berlin, says he
j is able to* announce that the Kaiser
! has expressed the belief that the peace
of Europe will not be disturbed by the
j conflict in the Far East. All of the
: powers, according to Emperor William,
j are agreed jhat the conflict must bo
i localized. •
HONGKONG. Feb. 22.— A British
I squadron is concentrating at Hong
j kong, while a corresponding French
j concentration is taking place at Saigon.
j It is believed this is the result of an
Anglo-French understanding
MADRID. Feb. 22.-The Government
i submitted to the Chamber of Deputies
j a request for extraordinary credits of
j $1, 764,900 for war material and $190,000
j for coast defense. Premier Maura ex
| plained that the measures contemplated
tk-ere due solely to Spain"s obligations
j to maintain her neutrality.
TOULON, France, Feb. 22.— The tor
pedo transport Foudre has been or
dered to go to Cherbourg and get two
submarine vessels, which she will con
voy to Saigon, Indo-China. She will *
then return to France and take out two
other submarines.
LONDON. Feb. 22.-A correspondent
at Tokio of Reuter's" Telegram Com
pany says he learns from a reliable
source that the Russian Minister to
| China. Paul Lessar, has successfully
bribed Chinese officials, with the result
that the ins(ructions given the Russian
gunboat Mandjur to leave Shanghai
were canceled. The Japanese Govern
ment considers this to be a breach of
Chinese neutrality and is taking the
necessary steps. • t
WEIHAIWEI. Feb. 22.-The British
steamer Ching Ping, belonging, to the
Chinese Engineering and Mining Com
pany of Shanghai, has arrived here
from Port Dalny and reports that she
was fired upon by the Russians and was
hit seven times around her water line.
A Russian pilot-boat that was coming
out of Port Dalny to pilot the Ching
Ping was blown up by a mine.
YLNKOW, Feb. 22.— Viceroy Alexieff
and his full staff have just arrived at
Harbin, where headquarters have been
established.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 22.— Viceroy
Alexieff left Port Arthur last Saturday,
February 20, for Harbin. Before leav
ing he handed over the command of the
navy to Vice Admiral Stark.
SEVEN LOCOMOTIVES
BUILT IN ONE DAY
ON JAPAN'S ORDER
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 22.— In ron-
Mquence of a rush order from the Jap
anese Government for locomotives, a
local plant has established a new re
< ord by the construction of seven lo
comotive? in a day. The engines or
dered bv Japan are for the military
railroad that will connect Fusan. on
thf southern of Korea, with
Seoul. An order calling for twenty
locomotives, to be completed within
thirty days,, waj received late in Jan
uary. Eight of the twenty have aJ
read been shipped to Fusan. The re
maining twelve will be shipped this
week.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Feb. 22—Rep
resentatives of Japan have placed an
order with a packing firm in this city
for 2000 barrels of mess pork.' The
order is to be shipped as rapidly as
possible.
SAN FRANCISCO, , TUESDAY/FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
Army Movements
of Japanese
in Korea.
- LONDON, Feb. 23.— Indefinite reports
of the movements of troops in the vi
cinity of the Talu River and state
ments of attempts to cut the Siberian
Railroad are published this morning.
The Weihaiwei correspondent of the
Times describes a visit to Chemulpo,
Korea, on February 19, and the Japan
ese landing operations there, which, he
says, demonstrated that the Japanese
military organization is superior to
that of any European power. A gen
eral Japanese advance along the
Peking road to Plngyang, Korea, the
correspondent continues, is expected
shortly. The original plan was to land
at Masampho, but the naval successes
enabled the Japanese to, begin opera
tions at Chemulpo and a further
change of base to Chlnnampho is high
ly probable. As soon as the ice breaks
up troops .will be established at Ping
yang In sufficient strength to guard
against a sudden Russian descent. It
Is believed that while the sea power of
Russia at Vladivostok is intact the
Japanese will not attempt to land on
the eastern coast of Korea. As an evi
dence of Japan's intention, it Is worthy
of note that her cruisers are busy pa
trolling toward the northwest of Korea
and that she is not landing artillery at
Chemulpo.
Everything suggests an Immediate
dash for a strategic position in North
ern Korea, the c6rrespondent con
cludes, and It Is possible the-Russians
are considerably farther south than is
supposed. *
Death Claims Leopold Stronse.
BALTIMORE. Feb. 22.— Leopold
Strouse, a member of., the '/clothing
manufacturing firm : of . Strouse . &
Bros., vice * president of the Drovers'
and! Mechanics' National Bank, the
Maryland Trust Company arid the
Federal : Savings Bank,, died to-day,
aged 6 2 years. He 'was widely "known
for his charity. • •
SCENE ON THE FRONTIER
HELD BY THE, RUSSIAN
TROOPS. . . .
Russians Moving
Southward in
Korea.
Bpedal Dispatch to The Call.
"SEOUL, Feb. 22.— The , Russians are
steadily advancing southward. Six
hundred of their troops have arrived
at Songchln, on the northwest coast,
100 miles south of the Yalu River. Rus
sian scouting parties are now immedi
ately south of Anju.
The Russians who were wounded in
the naval engagement off Chemulpo
and who were taken on board the Tal
bot, were transferred to the Amphl
trite, which proceeded to Hongkong
with them.
CHEFU, Feb. 22.— Raiding parties of
Japanese and natives of Siberia have
attacked the Siberian railway and
broken the line in several places. Five
hundred refugees from Manchuria'ar
rived here this morning on the German
steamship Oprole from Dalny. -Dalny
is now crowded with people of all na
tionalities, the niajority of whom are
penniless.. How to feed them is the
problem. Every precaution possible- is
being.' taken against an outbreak of
disease, either, on the junks or the
mainland. Junks are now leaving here
with fresh provisions for Port Arthur. I
PRAGUE STUDENTS
CLAMOROUS AGAINST
THE UNITED STATES
VIENNA, Feb. 22.— The disturbance
created at--Prague -yesterday by sev
eral hundred , Slav students,' following
a service of intercession In the Rus
sian, church:fpr,the success of ,the;Rus
sian - arms, was • more * serious than ' at
first reported/ ''Before* the beginning, of
Meager Mews of
Port Arthur
Attack.
LONDON, Feb. 23. — Except for the
Nagasaki' dispatch to the Daily Tele
graph no news of the capture of four
Russian torpedo-boats' at" Port Arthur
has been received. The Chefu'corre
spondent; of - the Morning P.ost. in a
dispatch dated February 22, says the
statement is current there that the
Japanese torpedo-boat ' destroyers In
the attack on Port Arthur on Febru
ary 14 sunk or damaged two Russian
battleships, in addition to the.torpedo
boat already reported. It is possible
that the report of the Telegraph's
Nagasaki correspondent also refers to
the earlier attack.
, Viceroy ' Alexieff's retirement . to
Harbin, is now an accomplished fact
and a correspondent' cables that Port
Arthur is now strictly a naval strong
hold and the forts are being manned
by: naval gunners. Only twenty for
eigners are now at Port Arthur and
they are traders, disposing of their
merchandise. Some of them are un
der suspicion and there is likelihood
of their being arrested. - There are
many complaints of unwarranted ar
rests, unexplained expulsion and de
famation, of character by the Port
Arthur, police. &•'•'*'
The report that large bodies of Cos
sacks and other troops are occupying
Newchwang and Hsinmingtin are un
founded. •
According to the Nagasaki corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph the
American squadron, . the vessels of
which are* variously reported at Chefu
and Shanghai, is going to make a
demonstration at the mouth of the
Yalu -River. •.
the service fighting occurred between
the dppbslng factions and several stu
dents; wefe'injured. Fully 1000 students
proceeded toward the United States
consulate" to make a hostile demonstra
tion, but were prevented by the police.
.After the service the Mayor and offi
cials'of Prague were given an ovation
by the students, who shouted: "Long!
live, Russia and France!" and "Down
with Great. Britain. Germany and the
United' States!" -
Students .and others who attempted
to make'- anti-Russian speeches were
severely 3 beaten. . - . :.'■.-
Fleet May Soon
Pass the Dar
danelles.
Special Cab!- to . The Call anrt Xew York
Herald- .Copyright; -1604. fcythrj New Tork
■ Herald Publlshlnc Company,
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 22. — I
have received further corroboration
. of the news that active negotiations
are in progress for the passage of the
Dardanelles by the Russian Black Sea
fleet. I am further informed that this
Is the reason why such pains have
I been taken of late to obtain the good
will of Austria. Germany very proba
bly will be willing to further Russia's
plan, being glad enough to find there
by a means of realizing her well
known ambitions in Asia Minor and
let Russia weaken herself in fighting
in the Far East.
Russia knows all this, but is never
theless determined to get her ships
through, even if it is necessary to
adopt the subterfuge of altering their
appearance, disguising them as mer
chantmen.
The Porte is almost willing, and If
England makes any objection to the
passage it will be the signal for an
immediate advance toward India.
. The Russian transport Kitas. laden
with valuable stores, touched at Co
i lombo on her way to the Far East.
There she received a telegram order
ing her return at once to Odessa.
- The Russian Government has Just
chartered from a local firm of ship
owners four ships, which sail from
Black Sea ports with cargoes of coal.
Very high terms were given and in
case o( capture the Government will
pay the full value of the vessels.
. Admiral Alexieff's retirement to
Harbin with his staff is interpreted to
mean that he is convinced the Japan
ese will besiege Port Arthur, where,
as at Vladivostok also, supplies are
far from plentiful.
The order of the day is that Japan
will be. allowed to occupy Korea. The
fleet has received instructions not to
engage in any fight at present, but to
remain on the defensive until the be
ginning of July, when half of the en
tire Baltic fleet will be dispatched to
the Far East. It is hoped also that
by that time part of the Black Sea
fleet will.be on the way. Work on
all ships under construction is being
especially hurried.
The German Emperor remains neu
tral, but only until the moment when
China fires the first shot, when. I am
informed, Qermany will send a fleet
I and also an army corps. Emperor
William Is possessed , with almost a
monomania on the subject of the "yel
low peril."
The Gazette publishes a telegram
saying that Mr. Allen, the United
States Minlsted at Seoul, has received
Instructions from his Government to
send the' transport Zafiro to pick up
Americans who are In the Pingyang j
district and remove them to Che
mulpo. In addition Allen has made
arrangements for the protection of
the American gold mining interest at
Wiju.
• It is presumed here that Allen Is
purposely taking this course to create
an incident which will give the United
States a pretext to land troops there.
Admiral Evans* threat to land ma
rines" at Newchwang in case of trouble
and danger to the United States con
sulate Is noted here as yet another of
the pin pricks given Russia by the
United States.
LONDON, Feb. 22.— The owners of
the'. British steamship Rosalie, from
Cardiff ; for Vladivostok, and which
sailed from Nagasaki In January, have
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
Alcazar — "The VTxoa.sc Mr.
Wrlffht."
AUx&mbra — "The Kilties" Band.
California — "Hainan Hearts."
Central — "Xlnar of the O plain
Bin*."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Old Homestead."
riscner'a — "»oly-Poly."
Grand — "Tie Gamekeeper."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll — "When Johnny Comes
Marcninsr Home."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SCHOONER
STRIKES ON
THE BEACH
Loss of the P. : W.
Howe on North
Coast
Three Seamen Perish and
Several of the Crew
Are Injured.
Life Savers Succeed in Rescuing Cap
tain Keegan and Six Survivors
of the Disaster.
ASTORIA. Or., Feb. 22.— The Ameri
can schooner F. .W. Howe, owned at
Boston. Mass., and on her way from
Ballard, Wash., to San Pedro with a
cargo of railroad ties, went ashore at
Seaview, Wash., a point on Long
Beach ten miles north of Cape Disap
pointment, this morning. She now Ile3
in the breakers, with a heavy sea
pounding her to pieces. Three lives
were lost in the disaster to the little
vessel and several of her crew were In
jured.
The Howe was sighted shortly after
10 o'clock this morning by the observer
at the North Head Lighthouse flyin?
signals of distress. About an hour
later she had drifted northward and
struck on the beach at Seaview. As
the craft hit the breakers she wa3
forced around and struck the beach
stern first.
The life saving crews at Point
Adams. Cape Disappointment and
North Beach went to the scene as
quickly as possible. Three lines were
shot toward the distressed vessel, but
none of them reached her. A lifeboat
was then launched, which, after con
siderable difficulty, reached the dis
tressed craft and took off her master,
Captain Keegan, and six of the crew.
Before' the vessel struck on the beach
two of the crew were killed. A Nor
wegian sailor, whose name c6\ild not
be learned, fell from the rigging and
was killed, "and shortly afterward "Wil
liam Vansanter, the cook, while taking
his turn at the wheel, was struck by
a heavy sea, which hurled him across
the deck against the rigging, killing
him instantly. Captain Keegan said:
"We left Ballard on February 12. and
all went well until the afternoon cf
Thursday last. We were then off Ya
quina Bay. About 1:20 o'clock in the
afternoon we suddenly filled. A strong
southwest gale was blowing at the
time and the seas were rolling moun
tain high. Since then the schooner has
been waterlogged and all that kept her
afloat was the cargo In her hold. We
have lived in the rigging and on the
deck since that time. Realizing our
desperate condition, I determined to
reach the Columbia River or Cape Flat
tery if possiblg. Sail was set and we
sailed and drifted before the gale, until
this morning we were off the Columbia
River. About 10 o'clock this morning
the schooner's back broke clear across
under the main hatch. I could not en
ter the Columbia and. finding the
schooner would weather Cape Disap
pointment, I headed her for the sandy
beach In order to save the Iive3 of the
balance of my crew."
LOCOMOTIVE EXPLODES
AND KILLS THREE JtEN
Tragic Accident Occurs on the Penn
sylvania Railroad Near
Johnstown.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa.. Feb. 22. — The
blowing up of a Pennsylvania Rail
road locomotive at Eprenfeld. ten
miles east of this city, to-night caused
the death of three men and the proba
ble fatal injury of two others. All
were employes. The dead:
HARRY TYSON, engineer, of Dorry.
JOHN GONTZ, conductor, of Dorry.
GEORGE BICKER, track walker,
of Summer Hill.
The injured: Robert Wenwick of
Dorry. fireman; Elmer Furl of Dorry.
brakeman.
NURSE FRENCH ADMITS
SHE ROBBED EMPLOYER
NEW YORK, Feb. 22. — Mrs. Agnes
French, recently employed as a nurse
in the family of Postmaster General
Payne, was arrested to-day in Brook
lyn. She is said to have decamped
last Thursday from the Arlington Ho
tel, Washington, with $100 in cash and
about $1700 worth of jewelry belong
ing to Mrs. Payne and other members
of the family. Mrs. French acknowl-
edged her guilt, saying:
"I am guilty and am willing to take
the consequences. The fact la. I need
ed the money."2
MAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND. ' ...-._...-: n -, r
Story of This Burdened Mother's Bravery ■' -JJ^run down,
Throbs With Human Interest. dyspeptic.
HEKOINE Or LISBON EPIDEMIC. s <> «'• built and moved Into our own house. "Uy nerves are as tranquil as any She's
unfinished as it was. ' « rer.es should be; I am .strong and ready for
„„ — nn „_ *-<-v w«r«« «*».v*d Eher- * && all my housework — took care of work, and I have gained twenty pounds in
*'tn? S«rtt« a'S nSl SSioid » teethin* ba*y and lathed the whole weight, it i. certain.y a sreat remedy." /
Iff*. Daughter and AU Typhoid * « y .elf— four Mumtmnd lath-— as mW w. parr.
Patients — She Belied on my hUFba £ d . g hoaIth ,. as vpr> . i)3d and he 135 Grand St.. Albany. N. T. .
Paiac'B Celery Compound. wag carnlnf for Ug and bluing the hous* at -
the «am e time. ' , • "IT WAS ALMOST LIKE MAGIC."
R\/ Mrc F M HORN It was a mile back to my pardon, but
oy »»IIO- I • m ■ " v ""< I did all the garden work— except dig- Dyspepsia Was Cured So Quickly toy
A* my parents died wn<>n I tva* very small, ping winter vegetables. Paine's Celery Compound.
I had ts) commence working hard «hi-n 1 was I always carried my baby with me. It was — M »
a met* child. a trying ssapon, but, as usual, Paine's Celery "i was troubled with dyspepsia and stomach
I would sret all run dqwn and would Compound was my support. trouble, for seven years, and took numerous
have has to give np completely were It I wt» rervous from hard work and all medicines which were recommended ■ to me.
net fcr Paine'* Celery Compound. But broken down after the typhoid fever epidemic. Also took treatment of several doctors. Have
that has always been my ttaadby. &", net . lm X 8 , 1 th ° u * nt l would g0 « nsane - Bu * neyer found anything that seemed to do me
I always My u;on it to str*>npth»n and Pain#> 8 Cfl ' T >' Coin » 10u i l l (l R^ v^ m *- HORN . any real good .until I took Palne'a Celery
build ne u». again and keep me well. Lisbon. North Dakota, NovoVnber 20, r.)03. C °-T°boueht and tmk .It hott!« and mv
About my avriene* In the Urftt. typhoid p g _ Xjne wh , n a younB Kirl . I trouble^Tmffeb^di^arld. b °' Oe ' "* ""
*r!3«>m!r: Before my m>irrlag<> I WBM f>. hca- fir*! used Paine's Celery Compound for dys- .« A ij o r mT . fri-nfla noticed th« srr*n+
run*. Th-re is no hoppUal in this county, pepsla. For the pact five or six yearg I have ra t)ld imnro/emm? »O" e ed the great,
Aid the poor and homeless have to be taken not had the slightest signs of dyspepsia. ..j t was almost like maBlc. I have taken
i-. ar<3 csrrd for by any one who can do it at but very little sinoe. have, good Appetite and
county rxper.se. "THAT GOOD AND ntn Bcnerally healthy."
JlnZf^i™^^^^ WOtfDERr™ MEDICINE." 701 *, 1<th 8 !^
1 ,!T k J? r « ti '" nl!i <ar " 1 for them and mean " Paine'. Celery Compound. Cured the «i,i P tj is HOW WORTH LIVING »
wh.l- did .11 my own housoork except «a,h- CnroaIc We rV0US Headaches Which 1TOW WORTH LIVING.
I nerer lott a patient, and I had some Had Been theBane of Her life. «p a ine'« Celery Compound Ha* Cured Me
° f Our Sh?e r r^ve",VeTe credit of «av- Albany. N. y.. l^.-.-Ncnous ° S * erTtm " Jetton. Talntness '
intr hi« dauzhter'n life after dector had headaches have been the bane of my life. I anft Sleeplessness.
riren np hspe. but I relied on Palne's hav * spent hundreds of dollars trying: for
Celery CoTfipcund. their cure, and while some medicines would Newark, N. J., Dec. 26. 1W>3. — "I cannot
U'bea mv | ;i M patient v.«t well I was almoftt help me for a time, the cure was not perma- too highly recommend Paine's Celery Com-
a savletcn. hut 1 tinok several bottles of Paine'* t'*nt. and in a short time I was as bad as pound. It has cured me of nervous prostra-
Ce]»ry Or-rrpound. and it kept me up and built *v»r. tion, falntness and sleepleMness, from which I
me up. "Could not sleep at nights for weeks at a suffered for the last three years. I feel now
Six month* later 1 riad a nice, plump baby tiri >P. a™* w a* *o thoroughly exhausted dur- that life is worth living."— Miss Matilda Erlck.
v. ith rot mor? th«n three hour*' *»vere suffer- in S tne da >' that I could not attend to my I son, 340 John et."", Newark, N J.
irjf. My n^trhb^rs and I believe that Talnes work r«.-r take proper care of my children. I ..,,..-.
<V!ery Compound ?sved my baby and me. "I was discouraged with life, when my' »»•■■■•• •••••••• •••••■••<■
When nine months cM baby weighed 24 husband insisted Upon my trying Paine's Celery I "Cure the REAL CAUSE of your
r>ou*»-1s. and at one y»nr 27 pounds. Compound. . (| Sickne9ft — THE ZfERVES."
Then the r !ace nhflf we were living was "ThaTltS to that flTOOd and wonderful |, Prof. K. K. Phelps. M. D., IX*. D., of
j^!d end we had to move, it meant leaving medicine. 'within a short time I was on n Dartmouth University, Famous Diecov-
our c»ri-n. which was all planted— and we the road to recovery, and after takinir a ., erer of Maine's Celery Compound.
were on it for fond. dozen bottles I am completely cured. t^tt t » t , ,. *
ATTEMPT TO MAKE FOOD CONTRABAND
IS CERTAIN TO RESULT IN FRICTION
Issue V/iJl Be Raised by the United States Government Over the
First Seizure of Supplies Shipped From the Pacific
Coast to Either Russia or Japan.
WASHINGTON, Peb. 22.— Officials
here are apprehensive that friction may
follow the eSCorts of the belligerents in
Asia to define contraband of war in a
manner injurious to American trade.
While the matter has not yet been
treated in the negotiations had with
Russia and Japan on the one side and
the United State* on the other, there is
reason to believe that some of the Euro- !
jjea.n X'O^'^rs. have alrAidy been con
fronted with threatened restrictions
upon their trade, which they are dis
poeed to refist.
A vast o.uantity of American food
stuffs is now aflcat, destined for both
Russia and Japan, and it is probable
thnt the question will be very speedily
raif^d as to whether or not these sup
plies are contraband of war. The
United States has in recent years in
stetid that foodstuffs were not contra
band and could not be seized by a bel
ligerent unless it were shown that the
poods were consigned to or clearly in
tendc-d for a belligerent. This principle
was ic-rogTuzed by the British Govern
ment during the Transvaal war and
British courts awarded considerable
sums of money to American- shippers
on account of food seized by British
tranships.
TREATMENT OF REFUGEES.
The State Department' has heard
nothing whatever from United States
Consul Miller at Newchwang concern
ing the troubles he has had with the
Russian r>«Ticials in endeavoring to
xarry out the department's instruc
tions to look after Japanese interests
at that port.
The State Department has learned
through Emery, the Vice and Deputy
Consul at Chefu, that the Russian
Government has undertaken the trans
portation of the Japanese refugees
Who were at Newchwang, or were
bound for that port from interior Man
<hurian towns, to Port Arthur and
Dairy. Consul Miller is thus deprived
of an opportunity to extend protection
to more than a few remaining Japan
ese. The i-urpose of the Russian
Government in making, this move is
said to be to prevent Japanese leaving
Manchuria with news of the condition
of the defenses of the towns in military
occupation by the Russians. It is un
derstood that Newchwang and the line
of railroad connecting it with Harbin
vn the north and Port Arthur on the
south are especial objects of solicitude,
ap there are still many weak spots in
the scheme of defense which the Rus
sians desire to conceal.
The same desire to prevent informa
tion leaking out respecting what is go
ing on in Manchuria is said to be back
of the Russian refusal to receive Edwin
Morgan as Consul of the United States
at Dalny. Morgan is to sail next Friday
from San Francisco for the East, and
will remain at Shanghai until it is de
termined by the <-ourse of events wheth
er he may proceed to his post.
EVANS GOES TO HONGKONG.
The battleship Kentucky, flagship of
the American Asiatic fleet, has been
ordered to Hongkong, where she will
b*» docked for minor repairs. It is re
garded as probable that Admiral Evans
will have the remainder of the squad-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap does nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties; for the color of
health and health itself
use Pears'. Give it time.
Sold all over the world.
ron accompany hi^n to Hongkong, al
though he has not advised the depart
ment to this effect.
It is not intended at present that the
battleships shall go farther north. The
double-turreted monitors Monadnock
and Monterey, also a part of the battle
ship squadron, are at Shanghai and
Canton, China, respectively. The cruiser
New Orleans and the gunboat Wil
mington have been recalled from Chefu
leet their presence there might be re
sented by one of the belligerents, and
are on their way to Shanghai, where
the Raleigh is awaiting the arrival of
the remainder of the cruiser squadron.
The cruiser Cincinnati is in Philippine
waters under orders for Shanghai, and
the San Francisco reported on Satur
day at Bombay, India, on her way to
Chinese waters.
Rear Admiral Evans has distributed
the gunboat division which is attached
to the battleship squadron as follows:
The Callao was last reported at 'Can
ton, the El Cano at Nankin, the Helena
in the mud dock at Newchwang, the
Vicksburg at Chemulpo, Korea, and the
Villalobo at Hankow.
Of the Philippine squadron of gun
boats. Rear Admiral Stirling command
ing, the Annapolis and the Frolic are at
Shanghai and the remainder are in
Philippine waters.
Of the fleet of auxiliaries, according
to week-end reports, the collier Pom
pey is at Chemulpo and the supply ship
Zafiro is on its way to Cavite.
FLEET TO BE INCREASED.
Naval officers are considering earn
estly the strengthening of the Ameri
can Asiatic fleet in view of the vast
interests of this country in the Philip
pines and in China and Korea and the
probability that disturbances may ne
cessitate their protection at any time.
At the game time, while the fleet is
regarded as too small, there is a de
sire to avoid exciting the suspicions
of the Old World powers, lest this Gov
ernment may be put in the false light
of interfering in the Eastern struggle,
notwithstanding our declaration of ab
solute neutrality. A high naval officer
to-night said: \
"The need of increasing the Asiatic
fleet has been long felt. It was in
tended that the new battleship • Ohio,
building at the Union Iron Works in
San Francisco, should be sent to the
Asiatic station in the spring, and that
she should be followed by the armored
cruiser South Dakota and the protected
cruiser Milwaukee as soon as these ves
sels are completed. The Ohio, how
ever, will not be ready before autumn,
and we are now considering the dis
patch within the next month or two
of an additional battleship. It has been
suggested that the Iowa be selected for
this mission, but no decision has been
reached. She is now receiving rush re-
pairs at the Kew York navy yard.
"In addition the Tacoma, which was
commissioned a short time ago and is
getting ready for sea, has been tenta
tively selected to go to Asia as the re
lief of one of the vessels of the cruiser
squadron, but under present circum
stances it is probable that none of the
cruiser squadron will be brought home
now, however many ships are added
to it. It also has been suggested
the New York, now at Panama, be re
turned to the Asiatic station and that
she make the cruise with the Tacoma.
This is undecided and the uncertainty
of the Panama situation, together with
the fact that the New York is due for
a thorough overhauling, rather mili
tates against sending that vessel to
join Admiral Evans' fleet.
ADMIRAL EVANS' ORDERS.
"So rapidly are events in the Far
East moving that it is impossible to
say one day what move on the Asiatic
station the next day's developments
may demand. It was originally sug
gested that the battleship squadron
go ur> to Chefu, but tl.ig was not ap
proved and an order was issued for the
battleships to remain in Philippine wa
ters and for the cruiser squadron to
assemble at Shanghai. Repairs to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ..FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
valves of tli« Kentucky, the flagship of
the Asiatic station, have necessitated
the sending of that ship to Hongkong
to be docked, and it is probable the
other ships of the squadron, the battle
ships Oregon and Wisconsin, will ac
company her. Meantime the cruisers
will be used to keep in communication
with our agents at Newchwang, Chefu,
Chemulpo and Seoul."
Rear Admiral Evans has cabled the
Navy Department expressing a wish
to remain in the Far East for the presV
ent, in the event that the Kentucky Ds
not to be brought home when repaired.
He feels that the situation is extremely
important out there and for this rea
son offers to remain, although his time
of sea duty Is up next month, and the
plan is for him to return to New York
on his flagship. The department has
cabled him, leaving the matter entirely
to his judgment, and. the announce
ment was made to-night by a high of
ficial that the department had every
confidence in the wisdom of Admiral
Evans' decision. It is expected that
the docking of the Kentucky will show
just what repairs the ship needs, and
it was said to-night that she may be
on her way home within two weeks.
The Kentucky would come by way of
Suez, making the usual stops.
POSSIBLE NAVAL CHANGES^
In the event that Admiral Evans
decides to return new orders will be is
sued immediately assigning him to the
presidency of the Lighthouse Board.
Rear Admiral P. H. Cooper, now com
manding the' cruiser squadron of the
Asiatic fleet, will be named as the suc
cessor of Admiral Evans in supreme
command of the station and will in
turn be succeeded by Rear Admiral
Yates Sterling, now commanding the
Philippine squadron, the command of
that squadron being taken by Rear
Admiral William Folger.
SAVES HIS LIFE BY
LYING BETWEEN RAILS
Kail road Man Falls From a Train
and Has a Narrow Escape
From Death.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 22. — Dan Ply
male, superintendent of bridges and
buildings of the San Francisco and
Northwestern Railroad, had r a narrow
escape from being killed Saturday. He
was engaged in directing the removal
of a quantity of debris abcAit the ap
proach to the railroad bridge across
the Van Duzen, near Alton. The
man was standing on the forward end
of a flatcar, which was being pushed
along by an engine, and when he gave
a stop signal the engineer applied the
airbrake so suddenly as to throw him
from the car. Plymale fell ahead of
the slowly approaching train, and, be
ing unable to get oft* the track, lay
down between the rails and' one car
passed over him. The brakebeam of
the car struck him and Plymale suf
fered fractures of the upper- and lower
jaws and one finger of his left hand
was so shockingly torn as to necessi
tate amputation. Small hope is held
out of saving the remaining fingers of
the -hand, which were also badly
crushed. The man undoubtedly saved
his life by lying between the rails.
The engineer did not notice the acci
dent that had happened to Plymale
until several seconds had elapsed.
Union Pucific Gets Award.
OMAHA, Neb., Feb. 22. — The Union
Pacific has been notified that it was
the successful bidder for the carrying
of the United States marines from St.
Louis and Chicago to San Francisco.
The rate made is $35 25 from Chicago
and $32 50 from St. Louis. The Gov
ernment sends about 4000 marines
across the country annually/"
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money if Paao-
Ointment falls to cur* you ln 6 to Ii dajra, 50a*
PASSING OF HANNA CASTS
A GLOOM OVER THE SENATE
Statesman Exercised a Powerful Influence in' Upper House
and His Fellow Members Were Shocked When He Died.
Senator Was an Affable Man and Always Approachable
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL. BAR
TON, WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— The
shadow of the loss which the country
suffers in the death of. Senator Hanna
was cast from almost the day he so
far acknowledged himself ill as "to
remain away from his place in the
Senate. He. was then said to be suf
fering only an indisposition following
an attack of the grip." the mere ab
sence of .the strong figure, the knowl
edge that-he was not well, the. faint
possibility that what was said as^ to
the trifling nature of his sickness
might not be tr.ua. seemed, to. bear, upon
the chamber and to be felt over all
Its deliberations. When he 1 returned
from Ohio some weeks ago- he was
not well. • He had caught cold, he
said. He was seen in the Senate after
that only a few times and for a few
hours. When there came to be con
sultations of doctors and when finally
it was definitely announced, that the
trifling indisposition .had developed
into typhoid the great place tlmt Mar
cus A. Hanna held in men's minds and
men's affairs was made manifest. The
day .before his death conflicting re
ports, encouraging and discouraging,
followed one another about the city.
GRIEF AT HANNA'S DEATH.
Senate and HouBe adjourned very
early, having done almost nothing and
confessedly unable to do much, except
to wonder and inquire what was the
latest report, and was it reliable. At
the Arlington Hotel, where the sick
man lay, the order of silence had been
in force for days, and its observance
became the more notable with the gath
ering crowd. --.For-- with adjournment
the lobby "filled up and anxious friends
overran the house. - Men moVed about
with Plow and careful step and spoke
in subdued tones and whispers." Bulle
tins were posted at the clerk's desk,
and every man maintained hope until
the late bulletins dismissed and finally
forbade it. Notwithstanding ". such
preparation the actual announcement
of death, the realization that Marcus
A. Hanna's place in affairs was perma
nently vacant caused among these, his
associates, something akin to a sensa
tion, a panic. Many of them wept. One
of them, a Senator, gave way to unre
strained grief, to sobs and tears, finally
collapsed 4 and had to be led away to
his home. These are the manifestations
of that which is not widely known
concerning Senator Hanna— the power
that he had to attract and hold men
to him with ties of friendship—affec
tion. Before the country at large he
had but fairly emerged from the effect
of such a malignant misrepresentation
as perhaps no other man had suffered.
"Mr. Hanna was one of the easiest
men to approach that I knew, and to
get an interview from— when he had
anything to say for publication," said
a newspaper man who has looked down
on 'the proceedings of Congress from
the press gallery for many years.
"When he had nothing to say he said
that, he had nothing to say, and that
meant that the interview was ter
minated. There was never any nonsense
about Hanna of any kind whatever. He
was always direct and to the point. If
he had anything to say he would give
you the time necessary to say it, and
that was. all.' No newspaper man in
Washington but would swear by Han
na. He could be abrupt and blunt, but
the impression was carried that it was
because .his time was valuable. I never
saw him idle a minute.
SENATOR A BUSY MAX.
"In the Senate chamber if he wasn't
listening to some other member he was
busy all the time. I never yet have
seen him in the attitude of twirling his
thumbs. When Hanna first came to the
Senate it was with the reputation of a
successful business man and a great
political manager. We were all inter
ested as to what figure he would cut
in statecraft. Everybody knows what it
has been. I saw him when he first rose
to address the Senate. Oratory was an
entirely unrVied field with him, and it
was somewhat late to develop such an
accomplishment. It was with consider
able diffidence that he made his first at
tempt, but he soon came to be recog
nized as one of the readiest debaters
on the floor, quick to avail himself of
every fair advantage and to minimize
the points of his adversary.
But Senator Hanna was not the ab
rupt and gruff man that this single
view might make him appear. He was,
in fact, a joker and. his house, until
the ill health of his wife prevented, was
noted for its hospitality and cordial
entertainment. His last public appear
ance was at a session of the Gridiron
Club. The Gridiron Club is a bohemian
affair, largely composed of newspaper
D3. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
i
tell tik Who Needs Help
Just a Postal. That b all.
' N» mener b wantud— from you — nor from bin. I
•sk only a postal card, and la.sk it as in act ci humanity.
> I will send hue my book. 1 will arranff with a druff-
rist near by that he roar take six bottles, IV.. Shoop>
. Restorative. He say take It a month at my ruk. If it,
succeeds, the cost is >j.«o. Jf it fail*. I will pay th?
drogrist myself. And the sick one's mere word shall
decide it . ' '*
i Gould I meet yoaWor trea ten minutes— I would Jor-
• ever convince ye« that I have what these sick ones need.
More than that, they must have it, (or most of them
can never g*t well without it. m ,
. But I taa meet only a few. to I take thu mean* to
yo«. Met vou take it a month to prove what
; it can do; and yea can pay. or 1 will ««y, jatt a* you
'decide. - i >
I have found the cared or.es fair. la the past i j year*
I have furnished my Resttrritive to handreds of thou-
: sands on these terai*, and » out of each «o hs i ve .paU—
! and paid fkdhr— because they were cared. I will pay -
fast as willingly if vou say I have failtri . '
My Restorative is the result of my life time's work in
karniae how to strengthen the inside nerve*. '
. I donU doctor the organs, but I bring back the oerrT,
; power which alone apatite* every vita I organ. I give ■
.the weak organ npwertodo it's duty, as v*u would.
' give a weak engine more steam.
j . My way never fails, save when a eaase— like cancer—
.makes a rare impassible. No case U too difficult, for 1
: have watched the remedy tueceeed U the most dexpe- .
; rate cairs that physkiacs ever me«t y - , - , • "
You know tome sick one who would be well with my
helo. Won't you. let roe furnish the f>eln>
Write now— to-day. Dr. Shoop, box 8630, Ra-
cine "VVls. :. ■..-■' , . . - . ■ .
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured with
one or two bottles. At druggists'.' * ..
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Book 1 on Dyspepsia . Book 4^or Women .'•.;•
Book 2 on the Heart . Book 5 for Men ; (sealed)
BoO^i t on the Kldn eys Book 6 On . Rheumatism
At the Doctor's Risk
BY S. YV. .WALL.
men. Its frequent dinners are notable
for the riot of, fun and the extraord
inary liberty, taken with the names of
prominent public men that prevail
there. Mr. Hanna is said to have mad*
his first after-dinner speech at a meet
ing of the club/ and here * also he
was overtaken for a moment with stage
fright, but, recovering, delivered one of
the" wittiest and cleverest addresses
heard there. This last session was heftl
at . the , Arlington Hotel, where Mr.
Hanna lived, and although under treats
nu-nt of. the doctors he attended and
stafyed late. President Roosevelt and
a long -list of -notables were - present.
The character of the entertainment i3
indicated by- the namcof the club. ".
AT THE GRIDIRON* CLUB.
The utmost liberty of speech Is in
dulged in with reference to the dis
tinguished guests, who always prize
and. accept invitations. For.it is an
axiom of the club that "no reporters
are admitted." It is a sort of executive
session that, unlike those of the Sen
ate, remains inviolate. Nothing that
is said there ever gets into print— that
is, nothing material. On the occasion
referred to, for instance, one member,
representing a ventriloquist, introduced
a string of manikins — all very much
alive but representing the conventional
thing. . Each manikin was labeled with
the name of some distinguished guest-
Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Gorman, Mr. For
ake'r and Mr. Hanna. among them. The
operator "addressed to each of these a
series of very pertinent and impertinent
questions, the answers to which, given
by the : manikin in a high treble, were
very entertaining to all present. Mr.
Hanna was not called upon this time
to make an address, not because H was
thought he could not respond but be
cause a club member preferred to speak
for him. Concealed by ferns and talk
ing through a megaphone he presented
the Hanna manner and style of ad
dress with great success. That was a
month ago.-
The funeral of a Senator is a matter
of precedent.' That which character
ized the first as observed by and in the
chamber must characterize all others.
The ceren.ony is made impressiw by
simplicity — simplicity is the keynote.
DISAPPOINTED CAL.I*X)RN'IANS.
The California delegation, and es
pecially the southern members, are
very much disappointed over the fail
ure of the attempt to get the neces
sary appropriation for the Los Angeles
Federal building into the urgent defi
ciency bill. The amendment passed
the Senate, but failed in the House in
spite of the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury. The House
members of the joint committee to
which the bill was finally referred ab
solutely refused to reinsert it because
there were so many other cases of the
same kind that to insert one would be
to make trouble and enemies. * These
House members of the committee said
they would not oppose a general bill
covering all the cases. Such a bill will
be introduced. In case of failure here
an attempt will be made to provide for
It in the sundry civil bill. So that
there is yet a good fighting chance for
the appropriation.
Daniels' bill granting to the Califor
nja Development Comprn; the right
to divert the water of the Colorado
River for. irrigation purposes is going
to raise some interesting questions.
The California Development Company
has, in fact, already diverted the water
and has built seVeral hundred miles of
ditches, demonstratv d its utility by
growing big crops of alfalfa and things
in the desert, or what wa3 the desert.
NEW IRRIGATION* ISSUE.
Now the question has been raised as
to their right to do so, the Colorado
being listed as a navigable stream.
The State of California has given the
company the right to the use of 10,000
cubic feet per second, which is more
water than there is in the river at
certain times of the year— and the com
pany is prepared to take it, or at least,
all there is. Now, the Government has
had a plan for employing the Colorado
River in the same way, "and has made
large withdrawals of the desert lands
from location with this in view. The
Government plan is to take the water
at a point above where the private com
pany appropriates it. Should the plan
be carried out— and a large sum of
money has already been spent on it
it would leave the private company
without water, and its work would go
for nothing. If Mr. Daniels* bill
passes it would confirm the right of
the private company and the Govern
ment would have to quit, because it
would have no right to deprive the
company of that which the bill grants
it. Governmenr officials— those in the
Geological^ Survey who have charge of
the irrigation work — differ as to the
merits of the case. Some — or, at least,
one — claims precedence for the Gov
ernment in the enterprise, and argues
against the bill before the committee.
Another and higher official Is disposed
to let the private enterprise spend its
money and reap its reward, if it will,
seeing no point in having the Govern
ment spend money where private in
dividuals are willing, and the same end
be served. It is certain, however, that
there will be opposition to yie bill, but
the company is preparing to make a
hard fight. The jquestlon of the right
to divert the water of a stream be
cause It is navigable, and because the
diversion will render it otherwise, will
not likely be forged, however, as the
objection would be against the Gov
ernment as well.
PANIC ON THE PARIS
BOURSE CHECKED BY
DENIALS OF RUMORS
PARlS^Fep. 22.— As a result of the
official denial of the alarming: reports
as to the attitude of prominent finan
ciers, prices on the Bourse to-day were
much firmer. From the opening an up
ward tendency vvs apparent. Rentes
were quoted at th4 beginning of the ses
sion at an advatoe of 1 franc 45 cen
times over the cVsing price of Satur
day. .The flrmneK'* existing in these se
curities extendec'Ato others, including
foreign securities Brazilians, opened
with an advance «V2 francs 20 centimes,
, Italians 2 francs centimes'* and Ser-
ADVESTISEMENTS.
t^5 ■7tiB) VS. Jf rf^Bk. Vll"i^ V iC? ' «h £*J| I /
kb m U « T\ M ifl ii B sW I *^kt -rn l£ri rii
TURKEY AND BULGARIA
MAKING READY FOR WAR
Emperor William Will Attempt, on Behalf
of Russian Empire, to Prevent the
Threatened Outbreak.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jLONDON, Feb. 23.— Telegrams from
Vienna and Salonica published her©
this morning give alarming but un
confirmed details of preparations point
ing to a war between Turkey and Bul
garia. The Sofia correspondent of the
Daily Mall telegraphs that the Bul
garian Government has declared a state
of siege over a zone nineteen miles
wide extending along the frontier from
Kustendll to the Black Sea, with a
view of preventing the Incursions of
armed bands.
Advices from Berlin to the Birming
ham Post to-day state that the Kaiser,
appreciating the extreme seriousness of
affairs in the Far East and recognising
tho fact that Russia will have her re
sources ' taxed '■ to " the uttermost for
some time to come, has assured the
Czar of his resolve to prevent by all
possible means * an outbreak In the
Balkans. Every pressure . wifl bs
brought to bear upon Turkey to this
end. It Is regarded as certain, say th«
advices, that the Sultan will listen to
the Kaiser more readily than to any
other man.
PARIS, Feb. 22.— M. Popovitch, the
Servian Minister here, said to-day:
"From the time of the rupture of
relations between Japan and Russia
the sympathy of all Servians has been
with the Czar, many of whom have
sought service under his colors. In
Servia no one intends to seek to profit
by the Russian embarrassment to fo
ment a revolt in the Balkans. I be
lieve this is also the attitude "of other
Balkan states. Without the support
of Austria and Russia they would be
powerless to settle the situation as they
wish. Should war break out in the
Balkans Russia and Austria would in
tervene In order to prevent a change
In the status quo. Moreover, war would
be dangerous, because it would end in
economic disaster and the financial and
industrial situation of the principalities
would be gravely embarrassed. In any
case Servia asks only to be allowed to
collaborate in the work of applying the
reforms in Macedonia."
TURKISH MINISTER
TO UNITED STATES
SAYS WAR IS NEAR
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22. — Chekib
Bey, the Turkish Minister In Washing
ton, believes war in the Balkans is im-
vians 3 francs 50 centimes. During the
day strong buying developed.
During the second part of the session
business was inactive" and calm, but the
good tone continued to the close, inter
nationals showing a general advance of
2 to 3. Russian Imperial 4's closed at
92.10. Rio Tintos gained 22 francs.
Rendue, secretary general of the
Chamber of Stockbrokers, said to-day
that the measures determined upon by
Finance Minister Bouvier and Devere"
nuil, representing the Chamber of Stock
brokers, at the conference yesterday
evening would, he felt confident, result
in a continuance of the good .tone of
the market. He added that there Would
be no active Intervention by the Gov
ernment, which will only seek to pre
vent the circulation of false reports,
and on their part the brokers w-ould
urge their clients .to be less excitable.
Regarding the offer 'of the French
Red Cross Society to send relief imme
diately to Manchuria, the Russian Em
bassador here has written to the Rus
sian authorities on the subject. He
says the land operations will not com
mence for some weeks, and then only
should practical relief measures be
taken. This statement is accepted as
an indication that the Russians wish to
complete the concentration of their
troops before engaging in a
combat.
The Japanese officials here insist that
Takahashi, the vice president of the
Bank of Japan at Tokio. and Baron
Kaneko, who start from Tokio on Feb
ruary 24 on a mission to the United
States, are not charged to enter into
any negotiations with the United
States Government. The officials assert
that they are going to America solely
for the purpose of gauging American
sentiment in respect to the Far Eastern
war. . ; "
Russian .Transijorts Re-enter Canal.
SUEZ, Feb. 22.— The Russian trans
ports Orel and Smolensk, * which re
cently traversed the canal, bound for
the Far East, returned here to-day and
entered the canal, on thClr way to Port
Said. , ■
Hnzlrton's Body Is Found.
PARIS, Feb. 22. — The body of Hen-
pending. In a conversation, the Min
ister to-day said:
"Illness has prevented my transmit
ting heretofore an important communi
cation which I received from ray Gov
ernment several days ago about the re
ported trouble in the Roumanian
provinces. I hope to see the Secretary
of State some time this week, and have
a conference with him on the subject.
To correct the false Impression which
already, I fear, has gained ground in
this country about the attitude of my
country toward the reforms in Rou
mania, I shall give you the substance
of the cablegrams from my Govern-
ment. It is to this effect:
'• 'The Porte most strenuously de
nounces as maliciously false the re
ports which have been given wide cir
culation in certain European papers
that trouble is breaking out In Rou
mania because of the failure of the Im
perial Government to carry out the
promised reforms. The facts In the
case are that the Imperial Government
is fulfilling, to the letter, its pledges;
the .reforms are being vigorously in
augurated and there Is no trouble in
that section, as reported. ' "
Of the Balkan situation. Chekib Bey.
who has had much' experience in that
section, said:
"Although my advices are meager,
the news I get indicates that the Bul
garians are assuming an attitude and
pursuing a course to which it will be
Impossible for the Imperial Govern
ment to submit much longer with pa
tience. It is reported that they are
arming the inhabitants, stirring up
strife In Macedonia and doing every
thing possible to harass the Imperial
Government. I hope this i3 not true,
but if the reports be true hostilities in
the Balkans cannot much longer b«
avoided."
"Do you think it possible that Tur
key will address a note to the powers
on this subject?" the Minister waa
asked.
"I was interested," he replied, "to
see published some days ago the note
of last year in which Turkey clearly
announced her position and called the
attention of the powers to the unbear
able conduct of Bulgaria. ' While not
new, the contents of the note were
most timely and what was said then
on this point can be with truth reit
erated. Let me repeat that I hope that
the reports of the activity of the Bul
garians are exaggerated, but if they
contain a measure of truth then th«
situation there ia truly critical."
ry Hazleton of St. Louis, a wholesale
dealer in fine laces, who had been
missing since December 20, 1903. was
taken from the river Seine near the
N T euilly bridge by sailors. There were
no marks of violence on the body.
Veteran Fights Last Battle.
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 22.— Major
Arthur McClellan, brother of the late
General George B. McClellan and un~
cle of the Mayor of New York, died
suddenly at Drffton, Pa., aged 65
years. He was a veteran of the Civil
War. '
Colombia must not expect too much
from the American Congress. We
have about reached the limit in this
canal business. — St. Louis Globe-
Democrat. :.--■- «
AJJVEBTISEJfEETTS.
Expect a Cure
W you come to
"i* tor treatment
jjPlfyijJ* "»xp<!Ct tn h- cvr»rj.
jQJylffi&r If other* have
EgS^g \ failed, exixct m«
Mife -I • to cur* you. ITnless
fSf^a "*^r V , ruT ' * Ou l w!!I not
lfa?TL '. \j accept your ca*«,
Vy R ' '•**,' * n< * ln * v "T r ln "
W^4j£ 'it «^;w stance I tr*at l*y
~ t *F^i^% nrielnal. advancH
1 and a c l entitle
o.c.jo«i<m.i«.D. Only
The Le«dlnr Specialist. •/
My prartlee Is the largest because I In-
variably fulfill my promises.
I offer you permanent
cures for fair fees
My experience a* a. specialist in men'a
diseases Is of by sixteen-year quality. I
treat and cure "WEAKNESS." VARICO-
CELE. HTDHOCtll.E. CONTRACTED
DISORDERS. SPECIFIC BtOOD POI3OX.
8TRICTITRE. PILES. ETC.
Consultation and instructive pamphlet
free at office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
- Cor. Mar>«t and 2C««niy Sis.
Private Satranca, 703 Market St.RUSSIAN SQUADRON WILL ATTACK HAKODATE;
BOMBARDMENT OF PORT ARTHUR IS RENEWED
Text of Russian arid
Japanese Replies
to Hay's Note.
Both Powers Place
Manchuria in the
. War Zone.
TFAEHIXGTONr, Feb. 22.— The State
repartment has made public the text of
the notes exchanged with the powers
respecting the Far Eastern war. The
United States' note has already been
.published. The text of the remaining
cotes follows:
On February 13 the following answer
was received from the Japanese Govern
ment, addressed to the American Min
ister in Tokio:
"In response to your note of the 12th
tost, on the subject of the neutrality of
China during the existing war, I beg to
Fay that the Imperial Government,
sharing with the Government of the
United States In the fullest measure
the desire to avoid as far as possible
any disturbance of the orderly condi
. tion of affairs now prevailing in China,
is prepared to respect the neutrality
and administrative entity of China out
ride the regions occupied by Russia as
long as Russia, making a similar en
rajrement, fulfills in good faith the
terms and conditions of such engage
mcnt. fl
On February 19 the following answer
*as received from the Russian Govern
ment:
• "The Imperial Government, sharing
completely the desire to insure the tran
quillity of China, is ready to adhere to
an understanding with other powers for
the purpose of safeguarding the neu
trality of that empire on the following
conditions:
•Firpt— China must herself strictly
observe all the clauses of neutrality.
'Second— The Japanese Government
must loyally observe the engagement*
entered into with the powers, as well as
the principles generally recognized by
t'ho law of nations.
Third— That it is well understood
•that neutralization in no case can be
extended to Manchuria, the territory of
v hieh by the force of events will serve
aip a field of military operations."
'•n the same day the State Depart
ment sent the following telegram to the
• <">*>verr:ments of Russia and Japan,
rrrmmunicating its purport to the other
powers interested:
"The answer of the Russian Govern
ment is viewed as responsive to the
prdposal made hy the United States, as
veil as hy the other potmen, and this
Government will have pleasure in com
municating it forthwith to the Govern
ments of China and Japan, each of
i\ hich has already informed us of its
adherence to the firinciples set forth in
our circular proposal."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand m
II Evaporated Ji
H Cream m
EH bears the above cap label. ||jI
'- Issi Contains fully as much t&l
■ ||*j food substance per can as y||
Ij3 the watery imitations in Jp||
S9 It is smooth and perfect fist
Ess because skillfully pre- Ws
PERFECT
. AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
' for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED «y
There are twenty differeni
cinnamon barks, and they cosi
from 4 to 55c lb. This ex-
plains the market, all but one
particular. Schilling's Best is
the best with the coarser pieces
picked-out; not thrown-away;
oh no; they go to some less
particular grinder.
Uo.rjU.tk wwytlui*. --.».
FOUR RELATIVES OF CZAR NICHOLAS. WHO WILL, ACCOMPANY
GENTERAL KUROPATKIN TO THE FRONT AND SERVE THEIR
COUNTRY DURING THE FAR EAST WAR.
4
SUMMARY OF WAR NEWS.
Four Russian torpedo-boats have been captured by the Japan
ese squadron off Port Arthur by means of imitating Russian sig
nals, and another action off that harbor is reported from several
sources. . '
Japan ts reported to be taking steps to compel the Chinese to
maintain neutrality, Shanghai oflicials having been bribed to allow
the Russian gunboat Mandjur to remain there.
The Russian Enibassador in Paris has stated that land opera
tions would not begin for some weeks, and advices front Japanese
sources say that the Japanese are not eager to press the campaign
in Korea.
Viceroy Alexieff, with his full staff, has reached Harbin and es
tablished headquarters there.
GREAT DIFFICULTY
IN TRANSPORTATION
OF RUSSIAN TROOPS
BERLIN, Feb. 22.— The Militar Woch
enblatt, the organ of the German gen
eral staff, has published an article dis
cussing Russia's prospects of reinforc
ing her army in East Asia- The paper
takes a pessimistic view of the capacity
of the Trans-Siberian Railroad, and
especially of the section crossing Lake
Baikal, where, It says, the difficulties
to be overcome are enormous. The lim
ited capacity of the line is said to be
a much more serious matter than the
threatened damage to It by natives.
The paper estimates the present troop
ruovlng capacity of the railroad from
Russia's experience of last summer in
moving two brigades to Tschita, east
of Lake Baikal, which was accom
plished at the rate of only eight and a
hclf miles an hour. At this rate It
would take thirty-six days to convey
2^,000 men from the Ural Mountains to
Mukden or Vladivostok.
The paper assumes the present
strength of the Russian army In East
ern Asia to be 158,761 men, and upon
the foregoing estimate of time required
to move troops it declares it will take
until April 20 for Russia to raise the
strength of her East Asiatic army to
233,000 men.
The paper is of the opinion that the
easiest thing for Japan to do to com
pel Russia to abandon Manchuria is
to strike at the center of the country;
in other words, to concentrate her
forces against Harbin.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 22.— Prince
Khilkoff. Minister of Railroad Com
munication, has proceeded for Man
churia from Irkutsk, after having seen
that the railroad on the ice across Lake
Baikal was laid. He was personally en
trusted with $250,000 to effect the expe
ditious termination of this work. Prince
Khilkoff reports that the Siberian
railroad is able to move 30,000 men a
day to their destination, but that the
transit from western points to the Far
East will require six weeks.
Hearty manifestations of patriotism
are reported from Helsingfors, Finland.
It is said that several hundred persons
carrying Russian flags paraded there
on Sunday night and sang Russian na
tional hymns before the residences of
the Governor General and other au
thorities and the French consulate. In
the Russian theater the audience re-
• THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
peatedly demanded the playing of the
Russian national hymn. A consider
able sum has been subscribed in vari
ous cities for Red Cross work.
RUSSIA DENOUNCES
CONDUCT OF JAPAN
IN NOTE TO POWERS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Russia is
addressing to the powers, either
through their representatives in St.
Petersburg, the Emperor's envoys, or
probably through both, a vigorous com
munication charging Japan with re
peated violation of the laws of nations,
first, as the note alleges, in threatening
to attack a neutral port, Chemulpo, un
less the Russian ships within come out
to face^ an overwhelming force, and
second, it states, in attacking Port Ar
thur before war had been declared and
while the Japanese Minister at St.
Petersburg was still enjoying the pro
tection and the courtesies of the Rus
sian Government, to which, It is
claimed, he had Just previously ad
dressed a communication expressing
his belief that the interruption of dip
lomatic relations between the two coun-
tries would be brief.
In the diplomatic corps the news of
Russia's intended address to the powers
has caused great Interest. A diplomat
whose Government is inclined to sym
pathize with Russia said that the Rus
sian Government did not expect other
nations to pass upon the attack at Port
Arthur, but as to the threatened attack
on Chemulpo this diplomat said the
Russian Government expected that the
powers, In the Interest of international
law, would give this ■ subject their
earnest consideration. Several foreign
naval commanders at CJhemulpo, he
said, were reported to have protested
against the action of the Japanese
commander at the time, and if It were
true that the American commander re
fused to johv with the other foreign
commanders In protesting to the Japa
nese commander against his action in
threatening the town, he thought it
likely the action of the commander of
the Vicksburg would be the subject of
an exchange of views between the St.
Petersburg and Washington govern
ments.
Only one-third of the world's pop
ulation use bread as a daily article of
food. Nearly one-half of the people
of the world subsist chiefly on rice.
FLEET MAY PASS THE DARDANELLES
Continued From Page 1, Column 6
been notified that she has been cap
tured by the Russians at Vladivostok.
The latest advices of Baron Hayashi,
the Japanese Minister to Great Britain,
lead him to believe that the Japanese
troops may now wait possibly two or
three months before undertaking ag
gressive operations in Manchuria. H«
said:
"»We have found that Russia is so
unexpectedly unprepared that I should
not be surprised if the Japanese land
forces contented themselves with es
tablishing a thorough organization and
advancing as the construction of the
railroad toward the Yahi River pro
gresses. Russia appears to be less
prepared than was China y in 1S95. I
believe that only three trains a day can
be run through Manchuria. Supposing
these are equally divided between
troops and supplies, as would be neces
sary, Russia could not perceptibly
strengthen her land forces before April.
Japan's naval coup has been so unex
pectedly successful that I rather think,
our. troops will take their time. The
shallow inlets are now frozen over, re
tarding the disembarkation of our
forces. This is especially true at Port
Arthur, where another landing of
troops is impossible, owing to the ice."«
Baron Hayashi does not credit the
report that 2500 Russian soldiers have
been killed in an outpost engagement
at the Yalu River. He says there is
no Japanese force in that vicinity large
enough to inflict such a los.5. i
The only naval development Baron
Hayashi expects in the near future is
an attack on the Japanese fleet by the
powerful Russian torpedo flotilla at
Port Arthur, hitherto unused. On the
Japanese side, except possible actions
against the Russian Vladivostok
squadron, the Japanese Minister does
not look for developments at present,
believing Admiral Togo w:ll be satisfied
to keen the disabled Russian squadron
prisoners at Port Arthur.
The Minister credits the Russians
with having barely ' 100,000 troops in
Manchuria.
LITTLE BOY USES GUX
AXD ACCIDENT FOLLOWS
Lnd Swings Weapon as a Club and It
Is Discharged nnd He Is
Badly Hurt.
POMONA, Feb. 22. — Charles E.
Greaser, a prominent real estate
broker in Pomona, took his family but
for a picnic in Live Oak Canyon, in
the foothills north of this city, to-day.
Greaser and his eldest son spent some
time in shooting at a target with a
small .22-caliber rifle. Then he and
the son threw the weapon down and
went for a walk up the canyon. V
X little later., a second son, who*. is
but 8 years old, picked up the , rifle
and while trying to kill a lizard with
the butt end of the gun the weapon
was discharged and a bullet was fired
into his abdomen. The boy was
brought to the city immediately^ but it
is a long, rough road and when, the
sufferer reached the hospital here he
was' exhausted from the loss of blood.
The physicians say that he cannot sur
vive. ■' ."•?• '■'
Secretary \Hay an Example.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the'Univer
sity of California addressed the mem
bers of the Theta. Delta fraternity at
their annual convention here to-day
and advised them to. emulate the ex
ample of Secretary. Hay, a fellow
member, in doing their utmost in the
service of the state. .
.St.. Michael's "church -at Coventry is
said to have the widest nave of any
English church. It-is 125 feet wide.
That of York Minster is 1 0 4 % feet in
width;!; j .-
Vladivostok Fleet
Threatens Ports
Storm Saves a City
From the Guns
of Cruisers.
NAGASAKI, Feb. 22.— The steamship
Stolberg has arrived here fromf Vladi
vostok with twenty white foreigners,
1500 Chinese and fifty Japanese. She
brings in addition forty survivors of
the Japanese steamship Nakamura
Maru, which was sunk by the Rus
sian cruiser squadron from Vladivostok
on February 11. Two men were drowned
during their transfer to the Russian
ships. The survivors were well treated
and provided with return passage.
In an interview the captain of the
Nakamura Maru says that the Russian
cruisers first signaled the Nakamura
Maru to follow them and afterward
signaled that all on board should leave
the steamshio within fifteen minutes.
In the .meantime the warships opened
fire on the steamship. While the steam
ship was lowering her boats two men
were wounded and fell into the sea.
The remainder of the crew were taken
on board the cruiser Gromoboi and
provided with clothing. They were
later transferred, on the loth, to the
steamship Stolberg for Vladivostok, but
the Stolberg, after proceeding five
miles, was stopped by the Russians and
detained until the 19th.
The Vladivostok squadron intended
to bombard Hakodate, but a snowstorm
prevented the vessels entering , the
straits of Tsugaru. They intend to
make another attempt to reach Hako
date in March with the cruisers, five
torpedo-boats and an armed transport.
The civilians in Vladivostok have
been ordered to leave, owing to the
scarcity of food, as the Government Is
taking everything available. A panic
has seized the Chinese, who are leav
ing by hundreds.
ATTACK OX PORT ARTHUR.
TOKIO, Feb. 22.— It is reported here
to-day that Vice Admiral Togo has
again attacked Port Arthur. It is im
possible to confirm the statement, and
the Navy Department says it received
no news from Togo to-day. It is con
sidered very probable that the vice ad
miral has made another attack on the
Russians, as he is engaged in blockad-
ing Port Arthur. >
The news of the escape from death
of the crew of the Nakamura Maru
was received in Tokio with satisfac
tion and perceptibly lessens the feeling
of bitterness toward the Russians on
account of the sinking cf the ship.
A prisoners' intelligence bureau has
been created and regulations regarding
the treatment of prisoners of war have
been published. The Tokio Govern
ment, it is understood, has anticipated
the necessity of soon providing for the
care of Russian prisoners.
Baron Kanekcr, who, as already an
nounced, will sail for the United States
on Thursday, is charged with a diplo
matic mission concerning the neutral
relations of the two countries. Vice
Governor Takahashi of the Bank of
Japan, who goes to America and Eng
land,, will investigate the financial sit
uation generally, with a view of float
ing a loan later if one should be needed.
FRKX'CII COURSE SATISFACTORY.
• The assurances of France that the
Russian flotilla, except two torpedo
boat destroyers which have been dis
armed and will be detained until the
war ends, have left Jibutll, French So
maliland, reached Tokio to-day and
produced a feeling of general satisfac
tion. The Government is confident of
the intention of France to refrain from
permitting the Russians to use her
ports as bases for naval operations,
but was concerned over the long delay
of (he flotilla at Jibutil, and had made
representations to France on the sub
ject. The reaffirmation of French neu
trality is highly reassuring tothe pres
ent diplomatic situation. ' It is -the
opinion here that the maintenance of
the neutrality of Oriental ports is ex
tremely advantageous to Japan, as it
insures her mastery of the naval sit
uation, and limits the Russian source
of supply to the trans-Siberian rail
way.
Kehachiro Okura, a millionaire of
Tokio, offers his private museum for
sale in America and England for 51,
000,000. He proposes to donate the
1 ADVERTISEMENTS. '.
T TAVE you been thinking of your
n ew spring Suit or Overcoat? '
YOU may or may not be ready to
nnv if" - ... ; m -
'T^HAT makes no difference to us
A — we want you to see our hand-
WE invite you to call and see these
goods. They tell their own story.
I A T>vp f "R.nrTffT?'M y, nt&
CATARRH CURED
AFTER YEARS OF SUFFERING WITH
Constant Headache and Annoying Discharges.
k^SJ^^^L " x Hai a Ver 7 B= id Case, Constantly
jd& *"* Growing- Worse. Z Could Sfeita«r Sat
fgX \ TXox Sleep and looked - Like Death.
°ty&v, S ITotbinsr Helped Me Until X Beff&n
*jgy^~^ T «~w,. ,^£2*^! Taking: Duffy '■ Faro Malt Whisiey; 6
r~\ Bottles Completely Cured Ma." — J. E.
1^ p i**Z j£w * WILLIAKS, 1825 E. Main St., ZUch-
'''6ffi&$llir$$hi£ j Nine> <" as es out of every ten of thrnAt.
VSI; Ww!fi*i2-» 7r I Inns:, stomach and nerve tronhlo bfscin
mimW^' ' JL with Catarrh of the head. Duffy's Pure
iw Wf n , yh Malt Whiskey is the one swift, positive
/ j\SsiLW i '^ > Vi L catarrh germ killer that cures without
Jp$. I ./itwV bad aftor effects. It's prescribed by over
y f« \^ 7000 doctors and used in more than 2000
X/ |5y >. leading hospitals because of its effective-
K \ W' u*N 110SS : " ul absolute purity. Catarrh i3 a
'^WMovwl \ La*"] Mr. Williams, in his letter, goes on to
fji . prti^s^yj \ I lm,\ y \* /"ft sav: "I had been a sufferer with catarrh
• T T Vyj \ fflf I V 11 for a very long time. It had affected
»• » \V\I \ I '/ 1 if m y throat seriously. I was never free
\0l \ / - ' ■ # from headache, and the discharges were
I \ / I extremely annoying. I lost my appetite
I \, / • and became listless, ■weak and thin. Peo-
ple thought I was going to die. I used all manner of salves, ointments. snuTts
and so-called 'sure catarrh cures.' but nothing helped me until I began using
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY.
In all I have taken but six bottles of your most wonderful medicine and am
completely cured.
"The Catarrh Has Entirely Disappeared; X Sleep 'Well; My Appetlto la Good!
and My Whole System Seems to Save Baen Renewed.
•'I have to work over thirteen hours a
day, but now have none of that tired.
played-out fpelinpr [ used to have. I am >£%Z\\Xl F jP~^^s.
heavier and in all-round, perfect health. tu: ' <c /T^v
thanks to Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey." J0Z\y>>**
This is just exactly why Duffy's currs >xJO>to -s.
where all other treatments fall. It goes y^SxSKi
right to the root of the trouble and purl- y/'Vx %3S >9V vGlVW
ftes the blood, stimulates the circulation. /rO/ sf?I >€«ZM^ \O^U
quirts the mrves. strengthens the heart's ll&)/ M 5aCT§BBr t Y2Al
action, brings into play all the vital f/flj/ • lt*l\
forces, and enables you to Ret from food ll^l 'ttiijSM^U^k. l»^ll
all the nourishment it contains. It re- IJ^I SA) \lwf *tf>¥2K!S»Ok. I £?ll
places diseased tissues and builds up a Hi /y 4-4-A£aX ySF ShJM /P'lf
stronp. 'healthy body, firm muscles and 11 1 M?(\ '^S^MmS^SBBB I
clear brain — it renews the system. ' \\ \r £\ jf%JE*fc~ :^K£WPmJ~ If
Curos and prevents catarrh, coughs. VL \j JtA g^OyBs^tSSJii' rW II
colds, grip, bronchitis, asthma, pneu- Vk >^SWTOj l K^J*»Sii'ji^> II
inonia, pleurisy, consumption and all dis- tSpTv^^^^-^*^^ // /
rases of throat and lunss; dyspepsia, in- v/a^!.^^^^ Jur
digestion and every form of stomach J0V
trouble; nervousness; malaria and all low- "Ml b&£&^
fevf-rs. It is invaluable in all weakened. Irl-r^j^^
wasting, diseased conditions, no matter — rr
from what cause.
MAKES THE WEAK STRONG-KEEPS THE STRONG WELL.
It is a promoter of health and ripe old age. Duffy's contains no fusel oil. and
is the only whiskey recognized by the Government as a medicine. This is a guar-
ant CATXTIOIT.— When you ask for Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey Ue sure you ret the
senulne Unscrupulous dealers, mindful of the excellence o if this P"P"»tlt» ;
will try to sell you cheap imitations and malt whiskey substitutes, which ar« put
SthTmSrlrt for profit only, and which, far from "lievtoff the sick, are po.i-
tlvelv harmful Demand "Duffy's" and be sure you gvt it. It is the only abso-
lutely SSrTMalt WhisW whicn contains medicinal, health-jriving- a«amie..
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey is sold in sealed bottles only; neTe' *» *»■* « bttlk -
So^ok for tht trade-mark, the "Old Chemist." on the label, and be certain the seal
over the cork is uuhroken. Beware of refilled bottles. Afpdlral booklet
Sold by all druggists and grocers, or direct. $1.00 a bottle. Medical booklet
free. Duffy Malt Whiskey Co.. Rochester. New _ mm^_
money to the Japanese war fund. The
museum contains the most famous pri
vate collections in Japan, and repre
sents the labor of thirty years in col
lecting and an expenditure exceeding
1,000,000 yen. Included among the
many rare curios are more than 1000
Tibetan. Chinese , Siamese, Korean
and Japanese Idols, covering a period
of thirteen centuries. The most inter
esting single piece is the shrinf of the
Fifth Shogun. The offer includes tho
museum building, into which are built
many parts of temples, old ceilings,
panels and ancient woodwork. Okura
hopes that some municipality or mu
seum will purchase and preserve the
collection intact. He is willing to meet
any condition, providing the $1,000,000
reaches the war fund.
GRATEFUL TO ENGLAND.
The British naval officers who
brought the Japanese armored cruisers
Nisshin and Kasaga from Genoa, Italy,
to Japan, will be received in audience
by the Mikado to-morrow. The noble
men's club banqueted them to-day.
Gratitude toward Great Britain here
is intense and the announcement that
Japanese fugitives from Manchuria
had been saved from further Russian
cruelty by the good offices of Conger,
the United States Minister in Peking,
was received here with the highest evi-
dences tof appreciation
Japanese convertible war notes have
been placed in circulation in Seoul and
Chemulpe. They are of six denomina-
tions, the highest being 10 yen.
It is reported that the panic at New
chwang is Increasing, owing to the ap
prehension of a Japanese attack. Rus
sian financial credit there is complete
ly destroyed.
RUSSIANS OBSERVE
LENT WITH PRAYERS
FOR WAR TRIUMPHS
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 22.—Carni
val week closed on Saturday night and
yesterday all classes of the populace,
from the highest to the lowest, began
the observance of Lent with even more
than the customary rigor, doing pen
ance and praying for the success of
the Russian arms. The Czar will pass
the week fasting at the Winter Pal-
ace and immediately afterward the
court will remove to Tsarskoe-Selo, the
Czar's favorite abode.
Their Majesties and their children
attended religious services in the chapel
of the Winter Palace this morning from
9 to 11 o'clock, and will do so daily this
week. At 1 o'clock in the evening they
joined the Dowager Empress at the
Anitchkov Palace at a similar service.
On February 26 the Czar will go to
confession and visit the imperial tombs
in the fortress of St. Peter and St.
Paul, and also the Chapel of the Sa
vior in the house of Peter the Great-
Their Majesties on February 28 will
take the sacrament. The strict ob
servance of Lent will then be some
what relaxed until Passion week, when
similar rites will be observed.
Heavy snows and blizzards over the
Siberian Railway, especially east of
Baikal, are largely increasing the diffi
culties of transporting troops, besides
better enabling Chinese brigands to
operate. Japanese agents are reported
north of Vladivostok, inciting the bri
gands to action.
The Novoe Vremya, cornmentinjr
upon the report of Pavloff, who was
Russian Minister at Seoul, of the fight
at Chemulpo, declares that Japan's ac
tion there has stricken her from the
list of civilized powers and predicts a
revival of European solidarity against
the "wild Asiatic enemy." The paper
re-emphasizes the inevitability of Ions
delay befc-re extensive military opera
tions will be possible, owing to the im
mense area to be defended and the
rigors of the climate.
KING EDWARD IS
XOT SERIOUSLY HURT
PORTSMOUTH. England, Feb. 22.
The mishap to King Edward yester
day, when he stumbled and fell while
inspecting the cruiser Cumberland,
was insignificant. He was not in
jured and to-day he was early astir,
visiting the naval gunnery school at
Whale Island, inspecting the officers*
and men's quarters and witnessing a
land attack by a naval brigade. The
King afterward proceeded to Port Sea
Island and was present at torpedo
practice and submarine experiments.
Last night he presided at a dinner
party.
34
HAGUE TRIBUNAL DECIDES
FOR BLOCKADING POWERS
Contention of Great Britain, Germany and Italy That They
fWere Entitled to Preferential Treatment in Their Claims
Against Venezuela Is Sustained by Unanimous Verdict
3 -■- ■■ -/- • - •._*.'■
THE HAGUE. Feb. - -The arbitra
tion tribunal which has been consider
ing the claims of the blockading pow-
Vrs fur preferential treatment of their
« :aims .".gainst Wnpzupia has d"ci<3~d
unanimously that th<* three blockad
ing powers. Great Britain. Germany
and Italy, have the right to a prefer
ence of 30 p^r cent of the customs du
ties at I-a Guaira and Puerto Cab.MIo,
the litigants to p y own costs in the
procedure, and divide equally the costs
<j? th«* tribunal. The United States is
commissioned to carry out the decision
o* the tribun.il within three months.
In giving judgment the tribunal
points out thru it has been guided by
Internationa] law and ihe equity of the
case and that the protocols signed at
Washington since February 13, ]i>0:;,
and particularly the protocol of May
7, whereof th«' obligatory nature can
not be doubtful, form the legal basis
of its sentence: that the tribunal is not
competent to question the jurisdiction
of ihe mix^d commissions at Caracas,
nor to judge their action or the char
acter of the warlike operations of the
blockading powers, nor to decide if the
three blockading powers exhausted all
pacific means to prevent the necessity
for employing force. The tribunal de
cides that it is only in a position to
certify that since 1301 Venezuela re
fused arbitration proposed on several
occasions by Germany and Great Brit
ain; that after the war no formal treaty
of peace was concluded: that the oper
ations of the blockaders were stopped
befvre they had received satisfaction
for all their claims, and. further, that
the Question of preferential treatment
was submitted to arbitration. The tri
bunal declares that it found and recog
nized in these facts precious evidence
in favor of the great principle of arbi
tration in all phases of international
conflict. In adhoring to the protocols
the blockaders could not have intended
to renounce their acquired rights, nor
th«Mr privileged de facto position. The
Government of Venezuela itr*If has
rc< oRnized in principle the well-found
fdness of their claim?, while it had not
recognized those of the non-blockad
ing powers, and until the end of Jan
uary, 1503. made not the slightest pro
test against the claims for preferential
treatment.
Throughout the diplomatic negotia
tion? Venezuela constantly dis
tinguished between the allied powers
and the neutrals, these latter not
having protested against the clafms
for preference of the blockading
powers, either at the time the war
stopped nor immediately after the
signature of the protocal of February
13. The Government of Venezuela only
agreed in respect to the allied powers
to offer special guarantees for the ful
fillment of its engagements. The good
faith which should direct international
relations Imposes the duty in the tri
bunal of declaring that the words "all
claim*," employed by the Venezuelan
representatives in the negotiations with
th* 3 representatives of allied powers,
could relate only to the latter powers,
r'.'eutrals could in some respect profit
by the circumstances created, by the
operations of thf> war without requiring
new rights, the rights already acquiring
remaining absolutely intact.
In the decision the United States is
charged merely to supervise the carry
ing out of the decision regarding costs.
After the delivery of the decision.
President MouravlefE (the Russian Min
ister of Justice), in a short speech, de
clared that the findings had been
reached after a most minute and most
impartial investigation. Like all human
acts, he added, the decision was sus
ceptible to criticism, but now it was
made every one should accept it. The
arbitration, begun in times of peace,
had onded amidst t'ae sinister acts of
war, whicn was a terrible obstacle in
the path of light and progress.
In spite of all good will, alas, no one
was secure against unexpected hostile
attack. A nation was obliged to accept
a war when the legitimate defense of
honor and liberty was involved. The
just providence whir -h ruled over battles
will distinguish between right and un
founded pretensions.
At the end of this war between a
Hurep^an and an Asiatic people, the
right will shine out afresh. The presi
dent concluded with saying that The
Hague arbitration tribunal remains
always the rampart of justice, truth
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Wanted to be
Heard From!
If there is an invalid woman, suffering
fron female weakness, prolapsus, or
falling of wonb, or from leucorrhea
who has used Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription v.-ithout complete success, the
undersigned proprietors and makers of
that world-famea medicine would like
to hear from such person— and it will be
to her advantage to write them as they
offer, in perfect good faith, a reward o'f
$500 for any case of the R v ove maladies
which they can cot cure.
$3,000 FORFEIT will also be paid if
they cannot show the original signature
cf the individual volunteering the testi-
monial be!ow, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness. ■ ■ - -' ,
World's Dispensary Medical As-
sociation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
A Massachusetts woman, Mrs. Carrie P. Han
naford, oJ No. 69 Hale Street. Bererlr. Mass..
who is well Lnown socially thr re. tx-iag Treas-
urer of toe Order of the Eastern Strx, wrote her
experience as follows: "Your • Favorite Pre-
scription ' Is, without a doubt, the finest remedy
on the tncrfcet lo-Czy, for female difficulties. 1
suffered for four years with paint even- period,
and I dreaded the approach of the tfrne as 1
knew ;t meant two or '.fcree days' m is-ry. Tried
fe\-eral different widelv -advertised remedies
tnd fcuud that they did me no Rood whatever.
Oae av a iriend called, who had suffered a- !
was suSerinR. and who told me that *iie J:.ti
beep cured through the use cf Dr. i*ierce's I'r
rcrite. Prescription, so I purchased a pacLaje.
fo'.ind thut the real value of your ru-diciue w:
jireater even than niy expectations. n::d t'i
iitxt month I had hardly any pains. Tfcs to!
Jewing month had none at ail. and noad thai
mv general heal:h was much better and ut-v
iiie end strength had corac to me."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak
won:cn strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine
••h:cb works wonders for weak women.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages in paper covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
Sy expense of mailing only. Address
:. &. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y^
and reason and the sublime hope of the
future.
AMERICA XOT PL.EASED.
estate I>cp:ntmont Says Decision Places
Prcniiuni on Force.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— A promi
nent ofllcial of the State Department,
when shown the dispatch relative to the
decision in the Venezuelan arbitration,
stated that while the department re
gretted exceedingly the precedent which
The Hague tribunal had made in this
case, there was nothing for the United
States to do but accept the result philo
sophically as binding international law.,
The mere question of time when the
United Slates shall receive from Vene
zuela the amount of the awards in our
favor was the smallest consideration.
What the Government disliked was to
admit the principle that a mere show
of naval force by a creditor nation can
secure precedence in the payment of
debt over another nation that does not
exercise such force. It is regarded as a
premium on violence and as tending to
discourage nations that are disposed to
settle their claims by the peaceful
methods of diplomacy.
The Venezuelan Government, while
the principal party nominally to the
proceedings before The Hague tribunal,
was really rather indifferent as to
which powor should be paid first, rec
ognizing the fact that they must all be
paid in some order. That Government
has been carrying out the undertaking
reached in the protocols which ter
minated the allies' intervention, to set
apart 30 per cent of the customs re
ceipts at I,a Guaira and Puerto Cabello
month to month, and the money has
been placed in bank awaiting this di
rect order. The fund accumulated up
to date will be turned over to England,
Germany and Italy, as well as 30 per
cent of subsequent customs collected at
the ports named, until the claims of
these powers shall be satisfied in full.
This probably will take about two
years, and after that the claims of the
non-allied or peace powers will be taken
up and paid pro rata.
CALVE FAINTS
ON THE STAGE
Diva Is Suddenly Overcome
and Has to I5e Carried Off
by Employes of the Theater
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Mme. Calve
fainted to-night on the stage of the
Metropolitan Opera-house toward the
close ft the performance of "Cavalleria
Rusticana." Herr Diple and two stage
hands carried her from the stage and
the curtain was rung down. Madame
Calve did not reappear in "Cavalleria,"
her place being taken by an under
study, and after about five minutes' in
terruption the opera was resumed.
A physician found Madame Calve
suffering from a weakened heart, but
he sanctioned her appearance in the
last number, the prison scene from
"Menstofele."
"Madame Calve had a tooth extract
ed on Saturday, since when she had not
been feeling well, and to this the faint
ing attack was attributed.
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS
AT CIX)VEIIDALE'S FAIR
State lionrd of Trade MciiiImts Praise
the Enterprise of the Northern
Sonoma Town.
CLOVERDALB, Feb. 22. — Despite
the rain, a crowd of about 2000 per
sons came from points in Sonoma and
Marin counties to attend the citrus
fair to-day. Among Jhe prominent
visitors were General N. P. Chipman,
Arthur R. Briggs and L>. M. Fletcher
of the State Board of Trade. Com
mendable remarks were made by
General Chipman and Mr. Briggs.
G. W. Hoyle, acting chairman and
vice president of the association, ex
tended the thanks of the Cloverdale
Citrus Fair Association and Sonoma
County to the members of the State
Board of Trade for the honor of their
presence and their kindly remarks as
to the fair; also to the people of So
noma County and Northern California
for their loyalty to Northern Sonoma
by attending the fair, regardless of the
inclemency of the weather.
While the fair is not so much of a
success financially as on some former
occasions, the board of directors feels
well satisfied, considering the circum
stances. The words of cheer and com
mendation by the judges of fruit and
from the State Board of Trade will
nerve the people of Cloverdale to an
increased effort in future years.
mattkkhohx'to m<: saved.
British Bark Damaged in Collision
Will Be Towed Into Port.
LONDON. Feb. 22.— The British
steamer Lake Michigan, which came
Into collision with the British bark
Mat.terhorn on Friday last and was
beached in a sinking condition near
Dungeness, has two feet of water in
her first hold, twenty-three feet in her
second hold, twenty-one feet in her
third hold, twenty-six feet in her
fourth hold and twenty-five feet In her
engine-room. /
The Matterhorn's bowsprit is gone
and her stem is bent, the principal
damage being-above the main deck.
She has been surveyed and has been
certified as being in a fit condition to
be towed to Antwerp, her destination.
Susi)ected of Robbery.
A man giving his name as William
Fay was arrested last night by Detec
tives Dinan and Wren and booked at
the Central station for robbery. Fay
carried a revolver and a pocketful of
cartridges, also a skeleton key. He
Is suspected of having been impli
cated In the many robberies and hold
ups that have occurred recently.
The oldest match factory in the
world is in Sweden*
"TUT?- CAV 171? A VfTCf/'S rAT.T - TT TTTCFN A V 'U*trPt>T T A T> V ■•?•■$ 1Oftl
ADVEBTISEMEJJTS. _~~~ »—
f^/^vV.ER ioo Pianos have been sold on our floor at retail in the |
I few days. This special sale of the Mauvais stock of I
I Pianos will terminate soon. During this sale we are absolutely I
I selling fine new Pianos, fully guaranteed, for $90, and from this I
I price on up. Most elegant Pianos that have formerly been sold I
1 for $^00.00 and more we offer now for $265.00. You will find 1
l^_ on our floor 27 makes from which to make a
&rii-£ P1R. I G EL &QO PI uable P }anos - We offer for sale a beautiful Baby Grand |||
CsQ/"eitlcI HP iff Jinri / •V / fm anc * P' ano ~^ a y er combined for only $675.00, which is ||j .^H^^a^^^^^^^^al^^'^^^^P^^^^EpB
1 l*jsCs(nU.L , X^OrC OrW®. Beautiful Simplex Piano-Players, price $250 every- |a . <rt«s.
J (cinoga/ry. Terms cash or M where, we sen them for $175.00. §§ SAuE.^P/^lGEI
instalments. H Electric ;nickel-in 7 the-slot pianos, regular price |j /ft/S } 0/?e:/S t dJ/6eauty.*> 7%t //if
'^^^^^^^^^^^^^ jSffll^S^llil H Parlor organs for less than half their usual price. ||j • y / j ~t~~ » J
ust offer for*265: I 93I=933 Market Street 1
ffegu/ar price &500. ■ san francisco * %Ja$t only $286.
** BIII " MHUMMI " M^^ Price was $525.
TAFT A GUEST
AT A BANQUET
Secretary of War Is Honored
by Many of the Leading* Cit
izens of Ifis Former Jloine
CINCINNATI, Feb. 22.— Secretary of
War Taft was the guest of honor at a
dinner to-night at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, at which 250 plates were turned,
and the floral and general appointments
were very elaborate.
The principal address was by ex-At
torney General Judson Harmon, who
complimented Governor Taft upon the
manner in, which he had performed
his- duties as Governor of the Philip
pines, saying he was entitled to the
gratitude of his countrymen. He said:
"While the country is committed to
a course, and especially one which has
put welfare of another . people in its
charge, its honor is involved, whether
that course be one it should have taken
or one It should have avoided."
Secretary Taft, In reply, maintained
that this country was conscientiously
looking after the welfare of the people
in the Philippines. He made an elo
quent Dlea for the completion of the
work of* civilized government and edu
cation in the islands. He said the friar
question was about settled, as their
places had . been taken by Americans
and natives; that thousands of Ameri
cans were there teaching school and
hundreds of Filipinos were being edu
cated in this country and that the day
would come when the Philippines
would be for the Filipinos, but that he
would not obstruct the progress ; of
present operations to make any defi
nite declarations for - independence.
The present government in the; Phil
ippines must first succeed in complet
ing Its mission or independence would
be a failure and any change that
would abandon the Philippines would
cause such a disaster' as to disgrace
American history and modern civiliza
tion. .
WILL. SOOX ftATIFY
BASEBALL! AGREEMENT
Arrangement Between Pacific Coast
and National Leagues Seems
Satisfactory.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 22. — Rati
fication of the peace agreement with
the Pacific national organization by
the National Association of Minor
Leagues now seems .assured.
An informal conference of the mag
nates of the three class A leagues was
held to-night. President Hanlon of
the National League outlined the pro
posed agreement, which proved much
more favorable to the class A leagues
than had been expected. It is now
believed the only possible hitch will
be in the awarding of disputed .play
ers. It is thought the Pacific National
will be allowed to take all players for
whom a straight contract can be
shown providing It eliminates the one
that has been signed with a club in
side the ranks of organized baseball.
The real work will be done to-morrow,
when there will be a conference of
the representatives of all the minor
leagues and President Hanlon will
submit his official report.
Coastwise Laws Before House.
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.—Repre
sentative Tawney to-day, introduced a
joint resolution extending from July
1, 1904, to July 1, 1906, the operation
of the coastwise laws of the United
States between this country and the
Philippines and in the coastwise trade
of the islands. :-«E*t
Composer of Sacred Music Dies.
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— William F.
Pecher, organist of St. Patrick's Ca
thedral, one of the greatest authori
ties in America on church music and
the composer "of several masses and
vespers, died to-day, aged 66 years.
COAST CITIES
GET DRENCHING
Kagiiig Torrents Take the Place
of Quiet Streams Near the
Towns of Yreka and Bedding
YREKA, Feb. 22.— Not since 1861 have
the waters in the various streams and
gulches about this place been as high
as they are to-day. Where formerly
ran slow, sluggish streams are now
running raging torrents and the dam
age to roadwavs, and bridges has been
considerable. The approaches to sev
eral railroad bridges have been swept
away, and numerous and hairbreadth
have been the escapes from death by
drowning. Humbug Gulch causes the
residents of this place a great deal of
uneasiness. So much was it feared
that the townspeople remained up all
last night prepared to defy the waters
that threatened at any moment to over
flow is banks. Fort Jones is cut off en
tirely.
REDDING, Feb. 22.— Redding was
isolated to-day, so far as stage traffic
was concerned, and railroad traffic was
crippled, owl«g to the continued rains
which have brought the season's rain
fall already up to more than thirty-six
inches. The Sacramento River Is run
ning so high that the bridge ferry over
the stream at this point - Is useless.
Creeks to the west are so swollen that
trailic Is impossible.
.As the stage which left Weaverville,
Trinity County, this morning, bound
for this place, tried to ford East
Weaver Creek a few miles from its
starting point the swift current upset
the stage and carried It down stream
150 yards: Sam Miller, the only pas
senger, managed to get ashore on the
back of one of the three horses he cut
loose. Dick Heath, the driver, was
carried down stream. He landed on an
island, where he remained until relief
reached him. One horse was drowned.
GAZELLE, Feb. 22. — A bridge has
gone out near Granada, about thirty
yards from Yreka, and the railroad
track was washed out last night. Wil
low Creek threatens the Gazelle bridge.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 22.— Rain has fallen
steadily since 7 o'clock this evening,
the measurement at 11 p. ra. being .30.
For the season, 5.75, compared with
10.12 last year.
WINNEAIUCCA, Nevada, Feb. 21—
Telephone messages received here to
day report a cloudburst at Paradise,
fifty miles north. Cottonwood Creek,
running through the town, rose twelve
feet within a few minutes and both ap
proaches of the big county bridges
were' carried away. Several smaller
bridges were also washed out. It is
feared that a large loss of cattle in the
lower valleys by .drowning 1 will result.
BRIDGE IX KSRJf CANYON
BLOWN* UP WITH DYNAMITE
Destrnetion Alleged to Bo Result of
Row Between Two Corporations
and Resident of Bakersficld.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 22. — The
bridge on the Edison Electric Com
pany's road In Kern Canyon was
blown up by dynamite yesterday af
ternoon and totally wrecked. The
perpetrators of the crime have not
been caught. The bridge spanned a
mining claim held by a resident of
this city,_who had been embroiled in
continued quarrels with the Edison
Company and the Power Development
Company, and is alleged, to have
made threats to destroy their property
if they attempted to build across the
land. '* .".-;
Though a very busy man, President
Diaz of Mexico rarely if ever refuses
an audience to American visitors.
Usually a letter sent a day or two
ahead is sufficient to secure an inter
view. The general's knowledge of Eng
lish Is hardly more than rudimentary,
so he always has an Interpreter at hand
on such occasions.
VON STERNBERG
LAUDS AMERICA
German Embassador Praises
the Diplomacy of the Gov
ernment in Washington
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 22. — Baron
Herman Speck von Stcrnberg, the Ger
man Embassador to the United States,
upon whom the University of Pennsyl
vania to-day conferred the degree of
Doctor of Laws, was the principal
speaker at the regular monthly meeting
to-night of the American Academy of
Political and Social Science at the New
Century drawing-room. A large audi
ence warmly greeted the Baron. In
the course of his address he said:
"It was tha far-seeing eye of the
Washington Government which saved
China from chaos and dismemberment
during the Boxer troubles in 1900. New
flames acain threatened to arise from
the still smoldering ashes. But in the
right moment we again see the »ame
ever- watchful Government arise and
invite the powers of the world to act in
concert so as to preserve the Integrity
of China and prevent a conflagration
the limit of which no human mind
would be able to foretell. Through
this strong and able stroke, not only
the powers at peace, but also those en
gaged in war, will reap the great ben
efits, and it is to be hoped that the
vast and increasing Chinese trade will
develop undisturbed."
After the Embassador had concluded
his address he was tendered a recep
tion by the members of the Academy.
' In order to suppress the practice. oC
"doping" horses, the French Jockey
Club purposes to authorize the stewards
to examine, three hours before or after
a race, any horse suspected of having
had a stimulant administered to it.GHOST OF SILVER STALKS
IN THE IROQUOIS WIGWAM
Action of Committee Against Indorsement of Kansas City
Platform Denounced. as a Cowardly Dodge— Braves
Brandish Tomaha\vks--Victory for Gold Democrats
In the wigwam of the Iroquois yes
terday the scalping knife was un
fchcathed and the tomahawk was bran
.dithed. Warriors exchanged lmpreca
■tlcr.s. The brave men of the Bryan
tribe cast elurs at the committee on
resolutions because the report present
ed by- the committee did not contain
a direct indorsement of the Kansas
City platform of 1900. The warriors
•.w.;o were Eeekir.g to promo-te peace in
the councils of the Iroquois were de
. nounced as cowardly skulkers. The
feeling was eo intense for a while that
the spectators . were in mortal dread
least the epithet "old squaw" would
be Ehot across the room at one of the
euspected goldbugs from Ean Joaquln
County. William Jennings Bryan was
exalted as the grandest man of the
■world. In contemplating the greatness
of Bryan many of the warriors failed
to remember the Democratic achieve
ments of Jefferson and Jackson. Cleve
land's came was never mentioned and
not the slightest allusion was made
to any Democratic administration since
the days of Andrew Jackson. There
was a mild form of applause when the
name of Hearst wae mentioned in the
committee's report. The name of Liv
ernash elicited a little fluttering breeze
of adulation. The real hero of the
hour was Oscar Hocks. A great tu
mult of applause hailed the announce
ment of his election to the proud posi
tion of grand sachem of the Iroquois
League of California.
The brandish of the tomahawk and
. the .gleam of the scalping knife did
not strike terror to the hearts of the
committeemen. They fought vigorous
ly against indorsement of the silver
craze of 1S96 and 1900, and succeeded
•by a vote of 42 to IS in placing on the
table the proposition to amend the com
mittee's report. * •
• So the message has gone forth to
kindred tribes that Bryan Is no longer
tho great medicine man of the Iroquois.
There was a small picture of William
Randolph Hearst— a picture no bigger
than a man's hand — on the wall of the
wigwam.
- TALKERS TO THE FRONT.
The chief order of exercises yester
'day afternoon was talk, more talk and
■plenty of tauk. J. Aubury Jones of Al
ameda County held his own against all
comers. He wondered what spell had
come over the American people that
."'would permit them to tolerate a re
fusal on the part of Congress to ad
journ in honor of Washington's blrth
day. Is it not true, he asked, that th«
words of Washington's immortal fare
vell address are a rebuke to the spirit
• f. commercialism, greed and graft,
now eo rampant in the country. The
.>.«.! meda orator saw many danger sig
;:a!s. It was not hidden from his un
<•;•■! standing that the dominant party
was preparing for an alliance with
"formidable European powers. He sus
.pected that the administration was
"pettiBjg ready to mix in the Russian-
Japanese war in order to obtain a
sphere of Influence in the Chinese em
. i»ire.
Resolutions Introduced by Mr. Jones
r^nd amended on motion of J. C. Rud
dock of Mendocino were adopted. These
resolutions favor a quickening of the
spirit of patriotism and advise that the
'Governor of the State shall parade the
militia on Washington's birthday; that
every citizen should gpread the flag to
the breeze and that Congress should
either adjourn or hold fitting memorial
services.
There was no chance for a gcrim
■rnagre on the proposition to honor
"Washington's birthday. Ex-Senator
.Joseph Gorman suggested that the
Vchool children should walk out on that
Immortal anniversary.
The event of the afternoon was the
Report of the committee on resolutions,
W. J. Locke. San Francisco, chairman.
.Others of the committee were Judge
John E. P*aker. Modoc; Frank Garrett,
Los Angeles; W. M. Gibson, Stockton;
George Roe, Vallejo; A, D. Lennon,
' Fan Francisco; J. B. Sanford, Ukiah,
and William Cannon, San Francisco.
Sixteen subjects are treated in the
report. The course pursued bv the
dominant partv Is regarded as alarm
ing. Trusts are denounced. There is a i
declaration that the tariff laws should
be emended. The action of Congress
man Hearst in introducing a bill to
abolish the Elkins amendment and re
store the Imprisonment penalty In the
anti-trust law is indorsed. The con
tinued building un of the navy is fa
vored, with recommendation that the
.work be given to national shipyards.
The- immediate construction of an
interoceanic . canal is approved. The
Democracy of the country is congratu
lated on the seating of E. J. Livernash
from the Fourth Congressional district
of California. Scandals in the Post
ofP.ce Department are pronounced de
plorable. A Just and wise income tax
is favored. The right of labor to or
ganize is conceded. The recommenda
tion of the committee in this respect
was received with profound silence.
An intelligent system of improving the i
arid lands of the West is commended.
•One paragraph of the report reads as
follows:
T\> dfpicre the fact that ery official head of
nur Government should frair.e its policy upon
th«; proposition that "the «>nd Justifies th«
inf-ar.F" — »n<l. while we are firm in our belief
in the benefits to be derived from an infr
- oceanic canal, we regret that tuch an end
should b* brought about by the means that
the administration has pern fit to employ In its
: tTeriliiycs with ih«« republic of Colombia. AA
\ vantage? obtained by the sacrifice of national
honor are too hiphly paid for.
. Immediately after the reading of the
report, J. B. II. Butler of San Francisco
pave the Fignal for strife. He said:
POSTUM CEREAL.
;
eo^oocso©oceoceooo©GO©
o o
§ Easy to quit g
g . COFFEE g
g when you have •
g well made g
| postum |
g and the change for 10 g
g days works wonders. «
(j e
oooe©©o&eeo0O©#»»©oo«»
"What is the matter with the Kansas
City platform? Every principle of that
platform should be indorsed. (Great
applause.) It Is sheer hypocrisy to de
| nounce trusts and not include the
money trust, which has enslaved the
people. (Tumultuous applause.) I
move that the Kansas City platform
be indorsed."
Aft<*r a stormy discussion, in which
Max Popprr, Judge Raker, Charles
Gildea, J. Aubury Jones, J. C. Ruddock
and S. M. Hasklns participated, the
amendment was referred to the com
mittee. While the committee was out
considering the amendment the remain-
Ing warriors adopted the rest of the
report.
The committee presently came back
and presented this additional para
! graph :
"We reaffirm the time-honored prin
ciples of Democracy as expressed in
previous platforms of the party." ;
Warrior Butler exploded with rage
when he heard the foregoing. He de
clared: "This compromise is more
cowardly than the first omission. What
will the Democrats of the country say
when they hear of this cowardly
dodging? This is no time to cringe
In order to catch the contributions of
the money power. You can kick against
trusts until doomsday, but the people
will pay no heed to the kicking as long
as we shield the money trust. If Demo
crats desire to win in the great battle
this year they must abide by the true
principles of Democracy. If you con
tinue to dodge you will not get the sup
port of the people."
W. M. Gibson of Stockton hurled
back the insulting allusions. Senator
J. B. Sanford of Mendocino and Judge
Raker of Modoc joined in the hurling.
They maintained that the declarations
were broad and square.
In their Judgment, the action of the
committee was courageous, rather than
cowardly.
Mr. Gibson met the issue squarely in
declaring that the people of the coun
try were not In favor of the unlimited
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
Judge Cubery favored indorsement of
the Kansas City platform and indi
cated that gold Democrats should leave
the room and Join the Republican
party.
bryax is extolj;ed.
J. Aubury Jones praised Bryan as the
greatest man since the days of Jeffer
son and implored against compromise
with wronsr.
M. C. Hassett held that the commit
tee's resolution was frivolous and
should be laid on the table. It reaf
firmed the Charleston platform which
upheld the doctrine of human slavery.
William M. Cannon asserted that
Bryan himself did not regard the
money question as paramount in this
campaign.
D. Gilbert Dexter said: "We would
make ourselves supremely ridiculous by
adopting all the platforms of the party
since 1792."
C. W. Moores moved to lay the last
resolution on the table. Many points of
order were raised andeonsiderable con
fusion followed. ' Mr. Butler insisted
on speaking to a question of privilege.
The question was finally put and the
motion to table the committee's sup
plemental paragraph prevailed— ayes
42, noes 18.
Election of officers for the ensuing
year followed. Max Popper, in a
speech wherein the organization and
achievements of the Iroquois were elo
quently reviewed, nominated Super
visor Oscar Hocks for grand sachem.
Amidst great enthusiasm Hocks was
unanimously chosen as the leader of
the braves. Other officers chosen were:
Vice grand sachem, Frank Garrett, Los
Angeles; grand treasurer, Louis Metz
ger; grand secretary, L. J. Welch; as
sistant grand secretary, H. L. Bien
field; grand organizer, Charles H. Hol
combe; assistant grand organizer,
northern district, J. C. Ruddock, Men
docino; assistant grand organizer,
southern district, James E. Dunn, Los i
Angeles.
Grand Sachem A. A. Bailey presided
throughout the sessions yesterday and j
received a vote of thanks for his fair
ness*.
Among the leading Democrats at
tending were R. Porter Ashe, San
Francisco; Judge Saffold, Richmond;
Dr. R. V. Day, Los Angeles; Thomas j
J. Walsh, Joseph Gorman, Charles i
Gildea, William Ross, Max Popper and
M. C. Hassett, San Francisco. There
wag a fair representation of delegates
from the interior and the convention
was regarded as successful.
BP.AVES-AT AX-VUAIi FEAST.
Delegates to Conference Treated to
Patriotic Song and Sentiment.
Patriotic and partisan sentiment ran
high last night during the annual
Iroquois banquet.. All the delegates
to the conference were there and they
enjoyed an excellent dinner, good vocal
and instrumental music and oratory of
various degrees of attractiveness.
Barnes V. Coleman was the toast
master, and when he called the as
semblage to order every man rose to
his feet and Eang, "He's a Jolly Good
Fellow." Then the retiring president
of the club, "Joe" Gorman, was pre
sented with a diamcaid-studded locket
and the impromptu presentation ad
dress delivered by Police Judge Ca
baniss was felicitous and the re-
cipient's response neatly worded.
Mr. Coleman emphasized his state
ment that the Iroquois Club was born
for altruistic purposes and not for in
dividual advancement. "Xo m'an," he
said, "can make this club subservient
to his personal ambition — we have
said that before, and we say it again.
Let us send to the national conven
tion delegates who are looking for
principles instead of for men. And
let us promise to-night that we shall
stand behind the Presidential nominee
of our party, no matter who he
may be."
That sentiment seemed to be the ac
cepted keynote of the other speakers
when they alluded to the coming na
tional contest. Superior Judge Raker
of Modoc County, who responded to
the toast, "Our Countrj'," said he
hoped the Democrats of California
will send men without shackles to
the national convention
Superior Judge Murasky's response
to "California" was the oratorical gem
of the lot. He drew a beautiful word
picture of early mission life, and said
the. gold-thirsty pioneers "found a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
THE EMPORIUM. | TSE EMPORIUM.' | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM/ j THE EMPORIUM. f v
*»° / \Zr >>^ \ / \y pure foods, full \ _^j ' ~. ,...\7.~. nere da '' v « on the \ / \ I '3
£ / \ I / wei^ hts and mcas * \jra| "Civilized man cannotjive without cooks"; (necessities of life.\ [ ) J «f
jj. I . jt
| Ready this morning. Come, and come every day while the show lasts. It is an interesting and thoroughly instructive :«
| exhibit, given in a specially prepared department of artistic booths in the rear of the main floor. Forceful lessons on how to j
J live economically and well. Demonstrations of pure foods and drinks by some of the best known producers in this country. £
J] Among the many things to be demonstrated and -sampled are: $
| Braun- Is/cton Tino Long's M. J. B. Uly Home PeWJohn's American Emporium %
I *££ S = HI «L ™ & B l§ ££- 1
£ A Diausnt ° f purity and The California's cY ±v£ £H? Pure ster- Chow Chow, of mushes- digestible , utely pure %
* condS cleanliness Italian-Swiss preserves, 'offee that is iHzed cream, Chutnev £ e "Z*™ ° f £ reakf as A l " m o ne y - ;?
I for mTat* An advanced Colony's jellies, jams £ th keeps in any Sauce, Cats- the wheat in beverage. A back » kind . : ;
« tor meats, c r e a m e r y f amou s un- maraschino always sold Keeps in any choice most palat- home prod- Try a biscuit ;
* fish, game, product . Fre * h m p °,il d Cal- cherries and in tins never climate, p^ of '« abIe and nu _ uct of much xvith it : J
£ Soups, etc. every day. ffnrnia wines maple Syrup " 10 better. sorts< tri tious forms. me rit. and Emporium jj
jj Sample it. Sample it. "Omiawineb. Sample them. Sample it. Sample it. Sample them. Sample, it. Sample it. Flour- !£
| Story of Great Sayings r£2| f^ a '■ £££ I In This Grocery Ust 1
I To-Day and Wednesday Extract Goods Beans, etc. To-Day and Wednesday X
$ Japan Tea«— High grade. Uncol- Emporiunl Whole Wheat— Or u „ WeW finest Th^ fsm- Chee.e — Martin's Eastern Castile Soap— Im P° r r^ d b J"^ %
£ ored Green. English Breakfast Graham Flour. .10-lb. sack 27o HaS a fla- .VeiyuilCUl l ne jam Cream.... .^ lbs 35o . .... -- .. •• - •—}"'£ ba^^ x
* and Oolong . Pea._Cal.fornla tlnlOo nnwss Canned Veg- OUS key- i^ o^VeuYr^. . . . boUlflic SSSa2i!SSSl^SJ^ $
J "^te^^Ta-S Id °bv no e tables, opener Can &£^ggg^g ;5c |
| T o m atoe.-H.. P . rl an^ a5o ed.by no and T a m a 1 e s , W^^^J^^ |
! £ Crosse & Blackweli's Lucca Oil, bottle 62c ot " er \ ueei often supe- J? eans in _ Chlle Best Java and Mocha, for 2 days, Ib. 29c *
* Q enna a r..ntn.-lmpor 3 ted s .. a . 5 .. Kln.an Bacon-Sugar cured^ . extract riortObeSt UiX '^S^T^^. ?!Sc!T2 T.^^".^?.^^-^ *
£ Butter^Flrkin-cr-eamery.good.: Plonr^The Emporium^ney- . MakeS.fine freS h Vege- Minced Clams' S »£T . «S ?£ iSffiSS^SSSPSfi' 1
X BakinW "PoWder" - Emporium American Club Whi.ky-Choice SOlipS, HCll tables tobe etc. Bice-Genuine Carolina Spear Salmon-Pink Alaska fine quaU £
I 1 ■ggT^^'a y^J||| | gravies. had. \ Fr <^ m pu C an m^«~^"^J |
£ $1.35 Novelty Nottingham Curtains, White and Ecru; To-Day and Wednesday— Pair 99c J
! , **TJS, I SpecialSales Household Goods | ""MfflEMS* |
$ Q&£? Bm€iMMG9 New beauties just unpacked, v ,5
*; *?*r Spring Towels, Gases, Sheets, Spreads *?*tj& i uoted hcre an " tra 1 |
K Some Great Values for Tuesday and Wednesday vaIuc : . . I Tsgg| x
5? /l^\§ S\ • I^»#«»O Stirring news from our household department, every item intrinsically worth from 33 to 1 00 per cent more than GalatCflS -Destsatin niS ,SO 1 S ■ r J
'S 3 l££\ i W\ O rb ver visited the New th;se special prices. " " and fancies, new and vfened f | 3 \
I AT /TIT\ i ffl\ v w t 1" h Glass Toweling— 2400 yards of the large check, dark Huck Towels — One case only of th:se extra heary Huck designs, at I | ' "*
I ft[ // ' \\ W l/i \ * or ' c market earlier tnan ground, glass toweling, adapuble also for cushion tops towels; larger by double than the ordinary towel at the ftnxiretieA Nnh Suilfnas 3 6- S K f\ M «
! 5° V^\}&l UtK i) usual — before the makers' and fancy work, pure flax, 22 inches wide, ani be- price: 45 inches long, hemmed, a 2 z^Az ralue, m — OOVTClwa IfOU ovuiDg* ■* \ K SI if \
\* V rush began and secured many ■ cause the" checkjs large, instead of aoc the _ each';. ' . . . . . 15C »> ch doable fed, revemb.c. JJ^.^^ j
'£ price concessions not possib'c yard, for the two days. . .... . ... VC DoubIe Be d Sheets- 3 1x90 inche,, heavy linen __ *™^ Z **"•"' ' * * I' M %
j »* iplrtSU later Come to-day and buy Rus^n Finished Crash— Round thread weave, almost finish, bleached sheeting; for the 2 days, each.OOC Thfal TlSSVe Zephyr flaKcd 1 CfiflliS •«
* ! 'IEgESI " • > • A as good to absorb and wear as the real Russian/ ,_^ ' Madras Very Stylish wash B m.-m*mr
If rfTl your practical spring suit and f o f the two days, per yard .. ..... . . TO ™°™ Cases-The am: good solid bleached mutba T" . .n'ecial va'ue at H t *
\i 1 i \\i SaveWto25 e^?^i^&fe^^^1fte Batistes-Satin Striped and plain 1 VardL S
j j^' , I I 1 1 \\ *.■«««»•# ' Ult lot we,wil have at the price a$ they ccst much — eacn , MailSlBS j«»««"'^ r U / <%
[2 /jj j |\\\ percent* more now to make; for the two' days, yard. .. OC Bed Spread?— The better kind of Marseilles, such as weavrs, select styles, richly colored, J-*'
! *? /J* JO \\ L^y^V Handiome Cloth Huck Towels — With neat red borders, fringed ends, you ordinarily pay $2.50 for, medallion center design; at f M
j ft i^8^^Nn\\. Dress (see cut)— 40 inches long; the $1.75 ktnd; Jor the two ' '■■ size for large beds; tor the two days, __ Fine Dot Swiss — (pin head) solid colors X
':* Ml' I 'fi?U\ \\ EtOn J acket ' h " days, each '. I'..... . . M UC each ' $tmS8 and wfrte, quite sheer 27 in. wide, at " *
I f I™, £JS Housefurmshmg and Crockery Sale New Trimmings i
S Wm^^i^^^^ I P^^ Olippjd Off for To^Day and Wednesday^ FirstArrivals Persian Appliques *
\% So:e and ornamtnted with n.k braid; unlined skirt, is Y^^Jy <^^=JLMJL^^4> and Bands-" Chi ff Oil AppHqUQS J
jk y . VJ> ' *n£mmmmi&\$ /ft'- \^\ =^^ r1^ f?f^*'l^=^ \\ ********- seasons past, and we have anticipated th; demand by securing
\% M e P rIce i (] |» P Jt£l>*^ ■ I f/s^'fw^ r (f ffi -^ ■■' tr—*- an immense assortment of the most beautiful imported trim- „*
j £ Pretty Mixtures and Cheviot Eton Suits — CHJM QS (^^ ' f L •• msra^i ' \*£*7 Iffi' t " ming procurable. MVe now have ready: X
j»* In seyera] styles »t Jf J^^ZZ*^^^h, =*-=* ==-^S. Novelty Chiffon Appliques— Person appliques, Persian *
i ?» Eton Walking Suit— Of medium and dark mixtures, separate ~ " J$%y /^^^ JiW e =^- — ~*T^ ' f -— fVV bzadi and ftncy goW bralds ' th= chiffon appliques are in the ,*
J* g : rd!e, satin lined jacket, etc., instead of _-« T^^^f (O f —^ < iT' •». new spray and medallion effects; per yd SOC to $4.75 £
\K J20.00 nJJMOmW £1.35 scmi-por. $1.75 Parlor Lamp— 45c 6-leaf ,.pre- $2.50 style Bisseli's 15c set Serated Edge The Persian Bands— Are in new combinations of color*; J
A 3 New Broadcloth Suit — High grade material, the design and eclain fancy Polished brass stand, scrve d palms Carpet Sweepers— Knives— 3 sizes; some stitched with silver and gold, in both light and dark £
£ workmanship unexcelled, taffeta l.ned «#» shaped Basin for the two In different colored special fOc effects; per yard 25pio S3.GO X
iaclcet etc %9^OmSf€M a"«p<-u uaam orated bowl and globe; woods; special . . 2;c family Meat -^ »•—^^^^^ — — ■—^"^—^^^— » .%
S J ' ' and Pitcher Off© special. .;. «/.|O d>7» • • 33c J ...$1.89 Saw; special 16 C VallJCS GHUcIrCn'S WCDf %
* Spring Dress Fabrics g|gS^gl»gg°gX ; fglll^^f fJEES and Muslin Wear |
X A brilliant assortment of new silks and dress goods for Tea Cups and Saucers— Fine china, decorated; set of 6, t j n> w j t jj and f !^^ «-.---M--v-*7 Intants* KlmonaS — Combinations of pink, blue and "<«
S spring and summer, ready at prices like these: . worth $1.50, for 87O rf ' 3 sizes on special ft?^' 0^3^' I cream daisy flannels . . . . 25C ™<* 39c %
If 48-Inch Crepe de France— Silk and wool mixture, in black Double EgJ Cups— At half price; dozen. . . 65O special sale price ; . 49c OUC, OiJC, OUC, JOC
A] and colors, yard $1*50 Water Tumblers— Fancy engraved border, regular 65c Hardwood Bread Board25o Small Wash Boards fcr Women's Cambric Drawers -With deep tucked X
It European Embroidered Liberty Silk Noveltiet— Beautiful dozen, for the two days, dox:n .' 4Q O Burnt Wood Nut BowrsJ5o stationery wash bowls hemstitched ruffle, splendid value . .50c %
A* creations for evening weir, complets suits En|raved Decanter— Thin blown gkw, pint size; s F e- Knife and Fork B xes 400 IOO r u r ,..♦ r«« ,. t rh nn ! „ frlr^^-w Kf>~ ««
*Z $16.50 to $22.50 cial 18O One Burner Gas StovesSl/O Emery Knife Sharpeners Cambric Corset Covers-Torchon lace trlmmrd, .. SO© ,
it 1 Pillet de Soie-A beautiful new sh^rt wairt silk, in pink, N P«lm Table Mats -Oval, set of three, instead of 50c. Ostrich Feather Duster./^C ....'... WO Muslin Drawers— With derp hemstitched ruffle,. . . 2Sc *
I blUC ' n " e ' ChampaSnC ' laVCnder> 75 ° >nd St '°° I S..rB«lA«d'dftc^'dc^^VycM.:Ig£ a5 Bea^ R : g . "./^ f. f^. /gp . "^t %t?5 98O *
I 25c Sheet Music — 6 Good Titles on Special Sale AH This Week, Each 1 5c. \
*4'A'*A *'*«*<* "*'+**'+ '«***« W^'A'A 'A'A'AW* **A*"* °AA'*A* W**°A'*W« ***** *W4*'* ***** *A+44 '4W<4 W**'** '+W+°4 "*«*«"« W*W* '«**'*+ '*«W« *l*+W**+ *'*«**. ***** «««++ *««**
i
touch of God in every sunbeam, every
rivulet, every mountain gorge." The
future of the State, he declared, rests
not upon her material wealth but upon
the moral quality of her men.
Louis Metzger read a number of tele
grams and letters of regret sent by
prominent Democrats, and among them
was a communication from one Fred
Williams, who stated he was in Boston
working in the political interests of
W. R. Hearst, and asked for informa
tion as to Mr. Hearst's chances of get
ting the California delegation to
the Democratic National Convention
pledged to his support. "I ask this
confidentially," added Mr. Williams,
and Mr. Metzger respected the confi
dence thus placed in him by reading
the entire epistle right out in meeting.
Among the other toasts responded to
were "Washington," by Jessie W.
Bryan; "Democracy," by Dr. R. V.
Day, and "Iroquois Club," by .William
M. Cannon. President W. H. Kline de
livered the address of welcome.
Body Recovered From Bay.
' The body of an unidentified man
V as taken out of the bay yesterday
afternoon at the intersection of Fifth
and Channel streets. It had been in
the water several days. The corpse
is that of a man about 40 years of
age and fairly well dressed. It does
not look like that of a laborer. On
the person were found a cover of a
bank book of the San Francisco Sav
ings Union, a tag of the Pearl Oyster
House with the number 368 written
on it and a newspaper clipping con-
taining an advertisement of the Union
Packing and Provision Company, 152
Third street. The corpse is that of
a man about five feet eight inches tall
and very stout.
Snatched Watch and Chain.
Harry Winters was arrested last
night by Patrolman Max Fenner and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. As Alfred Siebe, a
bartender employed at the Ahlborn
House, was coming out of the saloon
situated at the corner of Belden place
and Bush street shortly after mid
night" Winters grabbed Siebe's watch
and chain, valued at $50, and took to
his heels. Patrolman Fenner was at
tracted by the outcry and gave chase.
Winters was apprehended on 1 Mont
gomery street, but denied that he had
committed any crime. When searched
at the City Prison the watch was
found In his pocket, together with a
choice collection of skeleton keys.
Girl Takes Poison.
Lillian Turner, a young woman liv
ing at 15 J^ Moss street, who claims
to have been employed as a chorus
girl at Fischer's, swallowed a half
ounce of larkspur tincture yesterday
with, suicidal intent. She said she was
despondent and, having the drug in
her possession, decided to end her life.
She was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital, where the stomach pump was
used. At Fischer's Theater nothing*
is known of the girl, although it is
said she may have worked there un
der some other name.
SIX GO DOWN
IN A WRECK
Three-Masted Schooner Benja
min C. Cromwell Founders
Off Coast Xear New York
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— Six men, in
cluding Captain Harvey McLean and
Mate John McComber, were lost to-day
in the wreck of the three-masted
schooner Benjamin C. Cromwell off this
port." Two men of the eight on board
came ashore on bits of wreckage and
were taken to the life-saving station.
The Benjamin C. Cromwell was a
Portland, Me., schooner from Charles
ton, S. C, for Halifax, with pine. At
tempt after, attempt of the life-savers
to reach the wreck was unsuccessful. ,
■ An unknown three-masted schooner
went ashore near Long JBeach, N. J.,
and' began to break up almost imme
diately under the blows of the heavy
breakers. The" fog and the heavy seas
made ' the work of the life savers ex
tremely difficult. Time after time they
Were, hurled back to the beach. The
guns were trained on the wreck just
as the fog closed in more thickly, hiding
the vessel from view. However, the
life savers, having the direction,; shot
the first line at the vessel. Several
other lines were discharged within the
next half-hour, but with what effect it
has not yet been learned. Several
pieces of wreckage had floated ashore,
.which led to 'the fear that the vessel
was breaking ud.
SCHOOXEK GOES ASHORE.
Oliver T. Whlttler Founders, but
Crew Is Saved.
ATLANTIC CITT. N. J.. Feb. 22.-*-
After battling with heavy seas for sev
eral hours to-day the captain and
seven members of the crew of the
three-masted schooner Oliver T. Whit
tier, lumber laden, from Fernandina,
Fla., for New York, were rescued by
the life-saving crew of the Long
Beach life-saving station. The vessel
went ashore sixteen miles north of
Atlantic City. A heavy storm was
raging and the crew had to cling to
the rigging to save themselvegs. When
the fog lifted the life-savers, after he
roic work, brought the crew ashore.
The schooner probably will be a total
Wrecked Seaman in Port.
NEW. YORK, Feb. 22.— The British
steamer Micmoc, which arrived to
day from Huelva, brought into port
seven shipwrecked seamen, the cap
tain and crew of the Maine lumber
schooner Willie L. Xewton, which
they abandoned at sea in latitude
37 30. longitude 72 08. The steamer
York Castle, which arrived h?re to
day, had previously lost two seamen,
drowned in an attempt to rescue the
crew of the wrecked vessel.
ILIiXESS DRIVES SEWALJi
FROM HIS POST OF DUTY
Governor of Guam Arrives at Hono
lulu, En Route Home for Treat
ment — Family With Him.
HONOLULU. Feb. 16. — Governor
Sewall of the Island of Guam, com
mander in the United States navy, is
aboard the navy station ship Supply,
which arrived here from Guam on
Sunday evening. Commander Sewall
lies upon a cot, a very sick man.- and
is being hurried to San Francisco to
obtain the be3t medical treatment. He
is 111 with a tropical disorder and the
ailment became so malignant that it
was imperative for him to be removed
to the mainland. The Supply, which
has been at Guam for a year, was or-
dered to transport him.
The vessel left Guam on January 2S.
She experienced fair weather until
within the immediate zone. of the Ha
waiian Islands, when rough weather
was encountered. Several days ago
the Supply got into a heavy swell and
the vessel, caught in the trough, gave
the Governor little comfort. Every
possible aid is given the sick man. but
he is considered very badly off. He is
accompanied by three daughters and
their* governess.
E. W. Gillett, general freight and
passenger agent of the Salt Lake, San
Pedro and Los Angelesi, is at the Pal
ace. C6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
To Keep in Trim.
FT AUHERT PKiaOM TBRHUNB.
[Athletic Expert New Yo; k Evening World.
Author of '•Muscle Buildlr.B. 1 ' Etc.]
<Corrrttf5t. >.. hy Joseph B. Bowles )^
While boxing is, by itself, one of the
finest Imaginable exercise?, and while
It takes the place of all ordinary calis
thenics in developing the body and in
keeping the circulation In good condi
tion, yet the boxer will find that a cer
tain daily routine of exercise, diet, etc.,
will rreatly improve his wind, muscle
end general "boxing form."
It ie my purpose to-day to give sup
plementary hints on boxing and to
outline for you a simple course of ex
ercises, especiaJly adapted as an ad
junct to the manly art. I shall also
prescribe a diet which, while not se
vere, will enable you to avoid foods
that are deleterious to strength and
endurance.
Let me first sketch out your daily
programme of exercise. I shall go on
CHINNING
the supposition that you are a school
boy, and that your time, outside of
school and study hours, Is more or less
your own.
Rise early, at 7 or 7:30 at latest. Go
througrh fifteen minutes of such calis
thenics as I shall describe in this les
son; then take a cold bath. If you
have any heart trouble or If the cold
does not readily gflve place to a glow,
let the bath be slightly warmed. t
Do not stay In the tub longer than
one minute. Then "rub down" with a
rough towel and dress rapidly.
Eat a simple, substantial breakfast,
then take no exercise for at least half
/an hour (an hour would be better),
and, when you go to rchool, walk
thither if possible. If the school is not
more than a mile from your home.Vou
should always walk to and fro. If far
ther, ride part of the way,. leaving the
car a mile from school and walking
the remainder of the distance. When
I speak of walking I do not mean shuf
fling along at a snail's pace, wearing
out the soles of your shoes, stopping to
look in every window, and using no
more energy than will barely suffice to
keep your body in motion. By "walk
ing" I mean stepping out at a four
mile-an-hour gait, lips closed, chest
thrown out, shoulders back, breath
deep. Blow and regular, and muscles
aJert. One mile of such walking will
do you more good than ten miles of
such shiftless ramblings as is gen ;r-
ally implied by the term.
While at school put all thought of
athletics out of your mind and think
only of the work you. are doing. The
"boxing form —just as a race of n\x
or seven" • miles* would weary and
FOR BACK AND ABDOMEN'.
weaken a race horse trained for a one
mile run.
only part of your boxing knowledge
you need carry into the schoolroom is
that, which teaches you not to sit
crouched over your desk In cuch a way
as to cramp the lungs and to give the
eyes a wrong focus.
On leaving school walk a mile home
ward, or to the house of your sparring
partner. There, box three brisk rounds
ef thiee minutes each, with one min
ute's rest between each two, and punch
the bag for three similar rounds with
the same intervals.
Let me impress on you one or two
highly needful points in connection
v. ith these daily boxing bouts:
In the first place never box longer
than three minutes without stopping
for at least one minute's rest. It is
bad for the health and injures the
Do not try any outside exercises dur
ing the afternoon's boxing and bag
punching except that which is com
monly known as "chinning." This con
gifts of seizing with both hands a
trapeze or the cornice over a door and
drawing one's self upward by sheer
strength of arm until" the chin Is on
a level with the hands, then slowly
lowering the body until almost at full
arm's length, and repeat as often as
possible.
The foregoing exercise is good for
wind, muscles and endurance. It is, to
my mind, the only sort of callsthen'.c
work which should accompany the reg
ular boxing hour.
If your daily sparring is done at your
sparring firtner's house and not at
your own be careful on starting home
to wrap up warmly and to move brisk
ly. Many a man has caught a danger
ous cold by exposure to outdoor air too
soon after violent exercise.
In the evening do your studying; then
before going to bed take fifteen min
utes more of the same sort of exer
cise as on rising in the morning. Fol
low this with a cold sponge bath and
rubdown. Never sleep less than nine
hours a night. Ten hours will be still
better. Have enough bed clothes to
keep you comfortable, but no more.
Do not sleep under a mountain of cov
erings. The room must be well ven-
tilated; the pillow not too high.
I will now outline for you the form
of morning exercise. Before I begin,
however, let me warn you that, unless
you intend to continue this work per
manently and regularly, it will be bet-
ter for you not to begin at all.
When first you get out of bed, strip,
lie fiat on your back, and then with
arms folded across your chest raise
yourself toward a sitting posture. This
exercises the muscles of back and ab
domen,' two very important sets of
muscles for a boxer, and helps to build
the "plate" of muscular tissue which
should protect the stomach from solar
plexus blows. Do not rise entirely to
a sitting posture, but when there is
an angle of about 75 degrees between
your back and trie floor sink back again
and do it once more. The old-time
athletic instructors made their pupils
rise to a sitting posture, forgetting that
when a certain point is passed the back
and stomach muscles are no longer ex
ercised, but the strain then comes on
the base of the spine. Such a strain
is very Injurious and does not strength
en* the would-be athlete in any way.
Repeat this "sitting up" exercise five
times the first morning:, doing it one
more time each day until you get to
twenty. Then continue to do it twenty
times a day and no more. While going
through this evolution keep the heels
and knees together and the legs rigid.
Next stand up, put the heels near to
g-ether, stand on the ball of the foot
and. keeping the upper part of the body
rigid, bend the knees, sinking down as
far as possible. Never sjnk down so
FOR LEG MUSCLES AND BAL
ANCE.
far, however, that you. cannot recover
yourself and rise again to full height.
Lower and raise yourself thus five
times the first day, increasing the num
ber dally by one until you get up to
The foregoing exercise not only
strengthens and limbers the legs, but is
also excellent for the balance, thus
proving of direct use to all boxers. Be'
Fure to keep the heels off the ground, '
bearing all the weight of the body~on
the ball of the foot. Do not let the
weight of the body become shifted too
far forward or back, as this will not
only tend to throw you off your bal
ance, but will render the exertion of
rising much more difficult
Now stand again at full height as be
fore, legs together, but with feet flat on
the floor. Hold your arms above your
head. Bend forward, holding the lower
half of the body as rigid as possible,
letting the "hinge" come at the small of
the back. Bend as. far as possible to
the front; then, recovering yourself,
bend as far backward as possible in
like manner. This should be done less
quickly than the other exercise, and all
Jerkiness or strain must be avoided. Do
not, when leaning backward, start the
"recovery" with a sharp, snapping mo
tion, as such a move' is liable to Injure
you internally. This forward and back
bending gives suppleness to the body
from the waist up and strengthens the
muscles needed in the "recover" and
"rally" of a boxing bout. Do It five
times at first, increasing to twenty at
the rate of one a day.
Next stand as before and, keeping all
the rest of the body rigid, rise on the
tees as high as possible. Do this twen-
ty times a day from the first.
Bend forward (without lifting the
arms) and try to touch the ground in
front of you with the fingers of both
hands., Do not bend the knees in doing
this. Try It ten times a day. It is good
for taking the stiffness out of the knee
joints
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY/FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
THE SAN- FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .•..•'. Address AH Commonications to JOHN McN AUGHT, Manager
Publication OfficV **..... <t^§l^> ......Third and Market Street* a P.
TUESDAY • ......FEBRUARY 23. 1904
SAN FRANCISCO AT THE FAIR.
WITHIN a comparatively short time the St. Louis
Exposition will be open; the date fixed for the
event is rapidly approaching, but as yet there
has been little done toward providing for the special ex
hibit of San Francisco of which so much was heard
some time ago. Up to this time even the money re
quired has not been subscribed, and of course until that
is done nothing definite can be planned, much less
achieved.
The proposed exhibit can hardly be said to have been
a subject of discussion, for every one who has taken
enough interest in it to give.it any attention at all has
greeted it with approval, so that it may be said to have
been undertaken by acclamation. It is evident, however,
that all who have approved it cordially have not sub
scribed iiberally_and promptly, for according to late re
ports the subscriptions fall far short of the amount re
quired to make a proper exhibit. It goes without saying
that the time has come for united action on the subject,
if there is to be action at all. A fund for an exhibit is
not like a fund for a monument; it cannot wait forever,
nor even for years. It is one of the things that must be
provided at once if it is to be provided at all.
Of the importance of making such an exhibit at the
great fair there can be no question. The general ex
hibit of the State will be a display of rural industries,
but there will be nothing in the glowing masses of fruits
and wines and minerals and grains to show to the world
that we have here a great! city, facing the Orient/having
capacity for handling all the commerce that the growing
traffic of the Pacific will demand of its metropolis. That
showing must be made by San Francisco alone, and the
best time and place to make it will be during the coming
summer at the St. Louis Exposition.
in a city of the wealth and population of San Fran
cisco, if every one'docs hte rightful share in upholding
public enterprises for the general good no one will have
to do much. The amount required to make an impres
sive showing of our advantages and our attainments is
not large when the revenues of the city are taken into
consideration. It is a sum that ought to be subscribed
in a single day, and if we could once awaken here the.
civic patriotism that made Chicago and is making Los
Angeles no great urging would be required to get the
subscription within the week.
Every condition of the present, every prospect of the
future, has in it an incentive to enterprise on the. part
of our people. The past year was one of abounding
prosperity, and, the present promises to equal its abun
dance. It is true there has been a dearth of rain during
the early winter montlis, but there is now every reason
to expect spring rains sufficient to fully compensate *for
what had been lacking until the recent storms. The war
in the Orient may mean a loss to the world's trade as a
whole, but it will be a gain to that of this city; so that
even out of the general misfortune we get something of
a benefit. In short, every condition of the times offers
us an opportunity to increase our prestige as a commer
cial center and to augment our advantages. . We shall
be foolish indeed if we neglect to profit by them, and to
omit a good exhibit at St. Louis would be a-'serious
neglect of one of the most promising.
In sending a saucy note to Russia on the serious ques
tion of guarding the Manchurian railway China is sim
ply getting her friends into trouble. As soon as Chinese
neutrality threatens to become a fiction the. peace of the
world is hazarded and danger of international compli
cations becomes a grave reality. We desire the integ
rity of the Flowery Kingdom simply because we fear
the other fellow in the scramble for the fragments.
BUSTING THE ANTI-TRUST LAW.
THE anti-trust law provides certain penalties, in the
form of fines and imprisonment, for the punish
ment of its violators. It is known that the im
prisonment clause in the law gives it the greatest force.
The "criminal trusts," which Mr. William Randolph
Hearst has attacked with all the gallantry of Don
Quixote going up against the windmills, do not fear a
fine. They can pay it. But imprisonment is another
matter. The prospect of going to jail is so unpleasant
that the trust managers lie awake nights studying out
means to get around it.
Hereafter they may l^y them down to sleep all night.
Mr. Hearst, the trust-buster, has at last*; introduced a
bill for -their relief. It provides: "In all convictions oc
curring after the passage of this act for offenses under
said acts to regulate commerce, whether committed be
fore or after the passage of this act for offenses un
der this section, no penalty shall be' imposed on the con
victed party other than a fine prescribed by law, im
prisonment, wherever now. prescribed as a part of the
penalty, being hereby abolished."
The verbiage of the act raises a suspicion that- Mr.
Hearst wrote it s himself. A violation of the law is sub
ject to the penalties fixed by the statute at the time the
offense was committed. Were this not so, many pow
erful offenders would escape penalties by delay of trial
until they could procure the amendment of the statutory
punishment. < ' V^ I
It will be seen that Mr. Hearst's bill applies to the in
terstate commerce law as well as the anti-trust law.
When the interstate^ commerce law was before Con
gress, and later when it was in the courts, the powerful
railroad companies and the trusts objected to /the im
prisonment clause among its penalties. They wanted
only to be fined. The trust and railroad managers dread
the dark, damp atmosphere of the prison. They abhor
the plain and wholesome diet of the common jail, and,
above all, their pride revolts at being classed among the
jailbirds.- /
. Now. why does Mr. Hearst seek to cut out of the law
the only penalty that they fear? Has some' criminal
trust or predatory railway manager taken advantage
his innocence, to" bunko him into identifying his great
and growing name with, the darling desire of the trusts
and j railroads? Why shouldhe begin picking holes in
laws that arc salutary and for public protection? How
many a time and oft has he expressed, in his string of
newspapers, the burning and boiling desire to see the
trust and railroad, magnates behind the bars, meaning
thereby not the bars whereat alcoholic thirst is quenched,
but the common black iron bars of the prison! Then why
does he lift his legislative hand to destroy the only law
that can put them there?
Does he do this to convince "the wealth of the coun
try" that he is a safe man for President, as his papers
have lately been declaring?" Surely it looks that way.
While he is in an amending and merciful mood he might
as well strike our the &ne also and provide that violators
of the law be presented- with -the freedom of the city, for
the fine amounts to nothing. Imprisonment limits the
more flagrant acts against which the law canonizes. When
it is taken out the law is practically repealed, for it is
left without adequate penalty to secure obedience to its
provisions.
A Portland physician, fortified by the many lessons of
experience, has reached the conclusion that in the inevit
able, necessary and beneficial survival of the fittest rum
plays a great and good part by destroying persons in
herently unfit. If the learned .doctor can now suggest
a means by which rum may do its work more quickly we
will rise and call -him blessed. The rumster is slow in
A PROFITABLE CROP.
THE caption at the head of this article is taken from
the Los Angeles Times, which uses it" as a brief
summary of what it has to say about the home
value of the annual tourist travel from Atlantic and
Middle-Western States to Southern California.
While that is truly a commercial way of looking at the
matter there is no doubt that visitors who have money
to spend and'are willing to spend it are welcome- in all
parts of the world. The landlords of Paris, of Switzer
land, of Venice unquestionably regard tourists from the
viewpoint of profit to be derived from their sojourn.
But inasmuch as the storekeeper, the manufacturer, the
land owner and all other classes of citizens of all lands
expect to profit by the stranger within their gates, who
comes other than as a personal guest, there is no reason
for any one to cry out against mercenary considerations.
The winds .blow softly through the orange groves of
California, and such odors as might have charmed the
dreamy dwellers of "Araby the Blessed" or of the Vale
of Cashmere, of which Tom Moore sang so melodiously,
sweeten the air. Where the skies are genial and every
prospect pleases visitors will flock. The Southern Cali
fornia man who directs attention with pride to the at
tractions that lure new people and fresh money into his
vjeinage is no mere mercenary than is the landlord who,
pointing at Mont Blanc as it stands seemingly transfig
ured in ks ineffably beautiful pink mantle of the "Alpine
glow," complacently is aware that the recital by his guest
6i what; he has seen from that particular locality is good
to bring business in the next season
If fhe Alps in their lordly grandeur are "drawing
cards," and the people -who go to see them and to be
housed and spend their money* in the Alpine neighbor
hood .ire the basis of newer buildings, more spacious
hotels .and better facilities for contemplating nature *in a
supreme mood, then California, north and south alike—
the land in which latitude is not marked by differences
of temperature to any noticeable extent— is not to be
spoken of adversely for its* appreciation of advantages it
possesses, nor to be blamed because it avails itself of
them financially.
The theme of profit from Eastern visitors is 1 an old
one. Southern California knows much about the facts.
Central California is to be the field of greater attrac
tions in the future than the southern counties have been
able to afford. Northern California will also have "a
profitable crop" of tourists. Great hotels are soon to be
opened in this city to make life pleasant for the winter
sc'.< timers from the East and from all portions of the
world, who will find here the conditions they desire
when seeking to escape from the rigors of less hospitable
climes and at the same time have all the attractions that
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast with its charming en
virons can supply for their beguilement.
The people of Southern California have found it good
to have a profitable crop. They' are advocating easy
grade roads to mountain summits, well watered high
ways in all directions— all the comforts that can be de
vised, in brief, to. hold the tourists. Northern Califor
nia, and the fact cannot be too often urged, nepds also
to care for. the comfort of tourists, to not only give them
what they ask, but also to anticipate liberally their wants
and to make life so pleasant to them while they are in
this region they will advertise it favorably all over the
St. Petersburg has canceled its censorship -upon war
news emanating from the Russian capital. This recom
mends itself as a correct policy. When the whole world
knows are in a bad fix why not earn a reputation for
graciousness by admitting the fact? Besides, St. Peters
burg has simply become an accident bureau for the re
port of. blundering bobbies in the art pi war. '
AN OFFENSIVE STATUTE.
IS everything to become the subject of statutory regu
lation? Is all grace and garnish to be banished to
conform to the merely external^ form provided by
an act entitled an act? The Virginia Legislature pro
poses to compel by law circus posters to tell the truth,
and nothing but the truth!
Are the people to be deprived of the pleasures of tne
many colored circus poster by bringing" it down to the
dead level of mere facts? Arc we to read no more of
"the only greatest show on earth. The combined com
binations and aggregated aggregations of the Princes
of the ring, the Empresses of the equescurriculum and
the only wonders of wonders now on the road"? Are we
to part with the pleasures of the imagination, and see it
ali brought down to a statement that men and women
will ride around a -ring?
The proposed law applies to the pictures as well as
the text. We are to see the circus ladies pictured as
plain as they are, and not as prize-winners in, a world
beauty show. We will have none of such a law. Life
requires every possible diversion from its hard duties
and various vexations. And now. just as the traveling
shows havc.decidcd to omit the street parade, the cold
and unfeeling law of the land proposes to stretch- forth
and tear from the circus poster its beauty and- style.
In the great name of theorising generation, we file a
protest thus/ far ill advance of the next session oi"thz
California Legislature, lest this more than Puritan prop
osition gain a foothold here. W^miM
King Edward; late in his conscior ness of s 'an over
sight of churlish Ministers, has bestowed upon Lord
Roberts tardy commendation and reluctant praise. Lord
Roberts ha's been .before a- world's audience, where a
.King's favor counts for no more than that of ah atom in
the 'multitude.' "Bobs" has made history in which his
sovereign plays but an incidental part.
' Russia has decided that under the exigencies of war
she must abandon her proposed representation at the
St. Louis Exposition. She is at present fully occupied
in blowing up her. own ships and defeating herself as
surely and as inevitably, by stupid blundering as if she
were an- active ally of her enemy.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Missed Mother.
A few rights ago, when the rain was
coming down in torrents and a bit
terly cold wind was blowing:, a little
boy- who could not have been more
than eight years of age walked into
the insane ward at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. He was dren rhed to
the skin and shivering and shaking eo
that the kind hearted matron who wrs
on duty rushed him toward tha big
stove, stripped off his rain soaked far
ments, wrapped him up in':, heavy
woolen blanket and then gave him a
steaming hot cup of coffee and a hu&e
slice of bread.
"What in the world, you poor llttla
dear," she said, pressing him close to
her, "are you doing out in this storm?"
"I want my mamma," sobbed the lit
tle fellow, putting his arms around the
nurse's neck. A>?& '
"What's your. mamma's name?" ask
ed the nurse.
"Wilson," cried the boy.
And then the nurse remembered. A
week before the Lunacy Commission
had sent to Agnew a woman named
Wilson. She remembered also that
Mrs. Wilson was the mother of a large
family and that when she was commit
ted one of the children, the little fellow
she how held in her arms, had at first
tearfully refused to leave the hospital
with his father and his brothers and
sisters.
The Puzzle Solved.
On Friday last The Call published in
these columns the following delightful
mathematical puzzle, offering as a
prize to the one flying farthest from
the answer a nice second-hand copy
of "Differential Calculus":
Five men were allowed to share a
box of oranges among them. John took
10. Robert 20, George 30, Richard 40
and William 50.
"What an unfair division!" said the
donor, as the men carried the oranges
"Not at all." they replied. "The
numbers make no difference. We shall
sell at the same rate, and if we sell out
shall have exactly the same money
each. • .
They sold out, and each took exactly
the same sum. How did it happen?
It was our opinion that the answer
was "two apple?," but an enterprising
subscriber has thought differently,
thereby winning the nice second-hand
"Differential Calculus," His brief an
swer, will.be eagerly read by all.inter
ested in the furtherance of science. It
follows:
"Herr Redacteur:
"Die antwort zur Ihrer Prels-offerte
ist folgende:
"Am ende des verkaufes hatte jeder
$5 50.
"Ihrergebener,
"OTTO H. WAHLER."
Love in Mystery.
Ask me not why ray heart is ttyne.
Since thus it beats for thee;
Ask why the stars at midnight shine.
Why rivers seek the sea;
But ask not Love love to define
Or read its mystery.
Ask me not why that thou alone
Hast made of me a slave;
Ask why the distant moon hath, thrown
Its spell upon the wave;
Though other maids most fair have
grown. c- • i
A smile from nqne I crave.
Ask me not why Love like a seer
My. life to thee hath Jed;
Go. ask the rose to make It clear
Why blooms it white or red;
I only know I love thee. dear.
More than my. Ups have sttid. - .- .' '»-:
— "Westminster Gazette.
IV here Conventions Meet.
One of the public buildings of which
Kansas City is justly proud is the Con
vention Hall. The present building oc
cupies the site of the former building
of the same general dimensions, which
was destroyed. by fire on April 4, 1900.
The Democratic National Convention
was to meet in this building on July
4 of the same year, and this now
seemed almost an impossibility. Be
fore the flames were distinguished on
the old building, however, a new one
had been pledged, contracts made and
in less than ninety days from the date
of the fire the new Convention Hall
stood on the site of the old qne, a fire
proof building, 198x314 feet, with a seat
ing capacity of more than 20,000 per
sons, under a steel roof which spanned
the whole without a column and at a
cost of $230,000.
The Democratic Convention was
opened on the Fourth of July, 1900, in
a building belonging to the same class
as the Madison Square Garden in New
York and which lacked very little- of
completion. Its exterior is cut stone
and . brick, its interior fire-proof
throughout and its floor area larger
than that of Madison Square Garden.
The architect of the general building
was F. E. Hill, who made the pla#s
for the second building, with the assist
ance of an advisory board of architects.
The achievement, from purely a con
structional point of view, was one of
the most, remarkable wnich has ever
been brought to my notice.— F. M.
Howe In the Architectural Record.
liagtimc Barred.
After deliberation and. nu
merous conferences, the officials of the
St. Louis exposition , have decided
against, the, ragtime' song, c-r even tho
ragtime music without words to ac
company it. The musical director of
the exposition and the chairman of the
musical programme have Issued an
edict that all songs, either, In the State
pavilions. Festival Hall or along the
pike, shall be strictly classical and
modern 1 if possible, but all elements of
the ragtime music hall style of singing
shall be eliminated.
"I have no personal feeling of en
mity against ragtime," says the musi
cal director, "but I think too much of
it is a bad thing. I believe the people
like good music. There are many beau
tiful and. popular selections from the
classics. Because music can" be called
classic does not 'necessarily Imply that
if' should be heavy or generally unat
tractive.,.: Some of , the most popular
music of to-day is the lighter music of
the classics.'"
The chairman of the musical pro
gramme says that one reason the rag
time tune was, eliminated from the ex-
position was that, like the measles, the
air that Is given sentiment In these
tunes seems contagious, and the people
would %vish for nothing else once ins
ragtime tunes began.
The decision of the exposition offi
cials to exclude ragtime has created
a furor along the pike, where it had
been arranged to have some very new
and up-to-date songs with a ragtimi
air about them. The rlke concession
aires have held a meeting and have
decided to take up the musical propo
sition with the world's fair manage
ment.—Collier's Weekly.
Allison's Conscn-atism.
Senator Allison's wariness of direct
statements is proverbial among pub
lic men in Washington, anecdote
about a friend winning a wager of a
cigar from an Iowan that the Senator
would not state in so many .words that
a flock of sheep approaching had been
sheared has become .familiar.
'They* seem to he sheared on this
side." the Senator is quoted as having:
Recently in the Senate this anec
dote was duplicated after a fashion.
There had been discussion about th*
\visdom <>f appropriating a lump s'.im
annually for keeping the sidewalks and
streets o? Washington free from snow
and Ice. Mr. Allison was drawn into
the discussion. *
"Snow has bpeen falling on the
streets and sidewalks of Washington
for many years past," observed Mr.
Allison.
"And will for many years to come,'
interposed Senator Spooner.
"As to that," rejoined Senator Alli
son. "I will not prophesy."—Washing
ton Post.
Living Easy.
No one can do justice to the soil or
scenery of Fiji, unless he has seen
both, the natural beauties and the
golden harvests. The climate is equa
ble; not oppressively hot in summer
and delightful in winter; it is both
healthy and pleasant, and theiafcy^ia
always bright and the air remarkably
pure.v Never was. there such a lazy,
happy cltanateaa this. From the slow
sailing clouds to the easy awing of tha
palms nature moves languidly. There
is no need for hurry.
Food may be had for the picking,
and clothes are unnecessary. Vegeta
tion runs riot in the rich soil and sun
shine. Fringed cocoanut sprays, with
nut clusters at their base, broad ba
nana leaves sheltering great bunchaS
of fruit; tangles of peaceful ferns im
penertably thick, clumps of supple
bamboo,, lance-leaved . mango trees
heavy with purple and gold delicious
ness — these and a thousand more de
light the epicure and charm the artist.
—Four-Track News.
Ansuers to Queries.
NEW YORK S— CK EXCHANG7-
Subscriber, Livermore, Cal. The valua
of a seat in the New York Stock Ex
change is JSO.OOO.
WHEAT PRODUCER— H. J. J.. City.
The county that is the greatest wheat
producer in California at the present
time is Stanislaus County.
URUGUAY— L. J. Y., Fort Baker.
Marin County. Cal. It is Impossible
to state definitely at this time who are
the officers of the Government of
Uruguay, as changes are being made
FISHER'S BIRTHPLACE— A Call
Reader, Stockton, Cal. A friend of
thi3 department writes that Admiral
Fisher of the British navy, whose birth
place is not designated In any of the
published biographies. was*born in Cey
lon, a British colony in the Indian
Ocean. His mother was a high caste
Singhalese/
ELOCUTION— L. S., City. If you
desire to study elocution and become
a good speaker go to the Free Public
Library and there you will find a large
number of the speeches of the best
speakers of the country, then join
some debating or fraternal society,
and in either you will have on oppor
tunity to learn how to speak in pub
lic. Many of our best speakers got
their first lesson in the' art of speech
making in the lodgeroom. ' \
COPYRIGHTING PLAY — H. E.,
City. To copyright,! a play in the
United States a printed copy of the
title of the play (a typewritten copy of
the title will be accepted) for which
copyright Is desired must be delivered
to the Librarian of Congress or de
posited in the mail within the United
States, prepaid, addressed "Librarian
of Congress, Washington. D. C." ■■ Thi3
must be done on or before the day of
publication in this or any foreign
country. The legal fee for recording
a copyright is 50 cents and 50 cents
additional for a certified copy of the
same. No later than the day of the
publication in this country or abroad
two complete copies of the best edi
tion of the play must be delivered to
or forwarded by United States mail
to the Librarian of Congress, postage
prepaid.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. .-.«*
Towr.send'a California glace fruits and
candles, 50c £ pound, in artistic flr»
etched boxes. A nice present for E**tera
friends. 715 Market at., above Call bids. *j:. PATTQSIEN'S.
I Everybody
Talks
ABOUT THE
$250,000
FURNITURE SALE
San Francisco and the entire
State of California now talk about
the great retiring sale of the Pat-
tosien Company. The fact that so
many hotels and housekeepers are
reaping the harvest on account of
the extraordinary low prices in
fine Furniture, Carpets and Dra-
peries, makes people talk about it.
Many have bought Furniture,
tho-jgh their homes are just being
. ' built. Those who have no place
to store their furniture can leave
it at the store for two months to
come free of charge. No one
should lose time, but should take
advantage of the $j.;o,ooo retiring
sale, which happens but once in a
- lifetime.
THE
PATTOSIENCOMPANY
Corner Sixteenth and Kiss'on Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
fl TO-BTQHT '^W
W. C. NANKEVJLI.KS |-
Succwsful Melodrama. h
..HUMAN HEARTS..
An Iflyl of the Arkansas Hills. G
Next Sunday — .T*me» A. H<M-n» > g I
p Famous Crmedy. "3
y SAG HARBOR g
w fr.fier the IVrsonal Direction of Mrs n
TivquifiiT
• POSITIVELY LAST SIX NIGHTS OF
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
•" ; BECURB IX ADVANCE:
MATINEE SATURDAY.
. Monday, rcb. 29 — THE GYPSY BABON.
. FrRST APPEARANCE IN* ENGLISH OF
FIG. DOMENICO Ht:Si»O.
The Favorite Tenor.
'"f'ja! Popular Price? U.V, .V»e and T.V
Box fieats $1.00
Look at the Names!
i'ilson and Krrol: <;irar<i and Gard-
. nor; George \Y. Day; Morris and
Bowen; Eight Vassar Girls; Wer-
ner- Amoros Troupo: Harry Thom-
' con. and Orpheuin Motion Pictures,
illustrating Longfellow's *'Hia\va-
n»ru!ar Matinees overy "Wednesday. Thur*-
A*T. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25c
end Me.
AT £~* A T A TT* 11 * 1 ** 00 & Mayer.
ALCAZAR E rr i p p^
General Manner.
TO-STXGHT— Mats. Sat. and Son.
A GREAT LAUGHING HIT!
Broa.i!hur«t'* Hilarious Farcical Comedy.
mi tit n
The Wrong »-
Mr. Wright ~
BRIMFUL OF MERRIMENT.
. Evj».. 25c to 75c. Mats., Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— J. K. Jerome's Comedy.
?Jd'£l"l MISS HOBBS
MONDAY. MARCH 14-"PAnSIFAL."
Market Ptreet. Near Eighth. .Thone South 53.5
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
R*g"u'*r Mallnees Saturday an1 Sunday.
The Mammoth Oriental Spectacle.
KING OF THE
OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Gorg-eous Scenery!
Panorama of San Francisco Bay:
The Opium Dens of Chinatown!
Human Ledder of Acrobatic Chinks!
PDirCC Ever.lr.ss 10c to 60c
I nlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Nezt— A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
MATINEE SATURDAY
THIS WEEK ONLY
The Young Irish Singing Comedian
THOMAS J. SMITH
-/ AND A COMPANY OF ABILITY
: In Con T. Murphy's Comedy Drama
M GAMEKEEPER
ODirtC Evmlng* 15c. 25c. *Oc, 75c
rAlWL3 Matinees 15c, 25c. 50c
Racing .'SSl^ Racing!'
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
- NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Commencing February 22. .
Racln* Each Week. Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
flares commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For »; ")al trains stopping- at the track take
B, P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, 12:30.
1 :<W, 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. No emoklng In last two
curs, welch are reserved for ladles and their
CMXirt*.
r>tum!nir tralrs leave track at 4:10 and
4:15 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary, . .
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 FEB YEAS,
WAR IS COSTLY
TO ST. LOUIS
Empire . of Korea Withdraws
From Participation in Lou
isiana Purchase Exposition
FOLLOWS BUSSIA'S COURSE
Action Due to the Fact That
the Little Empire Is Now
Scene of Active Hostilities
Special Dleratch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 22. — The Far East
ern war is proving costly to the Louis-
I iana Purchase Exposition and the
Russian exhibit is not the only one
j that has been sacrificed.
Korea has withdrawn from partici
pation in the exposition and has of
ficially notified the management of the
j exposition to that effect. Official no
tification was received on February 11,
{ but it was not made public until .to
! night.
At the administration building it
j was assumed that the action of the
two contending powers, Russia and,
j Japan, in making Korea the theater
j of land operations in the present war
J is largely responsible for Korea's de
j cision to abandon an exhibit. .
Santa Rosa Pioneer Dies.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 22.— William
Metzger passed away at his home on
Tenth street in this city at an early
hour Monday morning. Deceased was
one of the pioneer wine makers and
brewers of this vicinity and amassed
wealth in that field. At the time of
his death he was the owner of a win
ery in this city. Death was due to old
age and general debility, deceased be
ing more than 70 years of age. Mr;
Metzger was a native of Germany and
was an old resident of Santa Rosa.
Conies West to Die.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 22. — Peter G.
Gerhart. a wealthy resident of St.
Louis, died here to-day after an ex
tended illness. He had spent many
winters here. He leaves four sons in
St. Louis, one of whom is en route \o
this city.
AMUSEMENTS.
jThey § And
Please | Benefit
TLEASE— BECAUSE
ROLY F>OLY
Is So Delightfully Funny.
Reneftt — Because
It Pro:ongs Your Life.
Our Incomparable Company.
Our "•All-Star" i&rt !r.clu<!ln^: KOI,R &
! DILI. JOHN PEACH ET. BEN T DUAJ3K.
I ALI.KN CTTRTTS. HELEN IlLSSELL NEL-
I LIE YNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 2".c and ISOc.
Monday. March T— •THE HOUNDEKS."
jDenman ri
Thompson 5i§i
* Nightly.
(HIMPELF) including
! In the Grealctt of All Rural Sundav
THE OLD =£
HOMESTEAD.
"THE ...
LOVELY GALATEA/'i
LYRIC HALL j
Wednesday Evening, Feb. 24
S1G. JLLIO CORTESI ae PYGMALION. \
MADAM EVKLYX CARDOZA a» GALATEA, j
Tickets on sale at Sherman & Clay's! !
PRICES '
75 Cents and 50 Cents.
1 HE C 3EAT SCOTTISH BAND OF 40
5Sxf LT ToMght at 8:15
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Matinees Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday :
GREAT PROGRAMMES. INCLUDING SCOT^ i
TISH VAUDEVILLE AND SPECIALTIES.
New Programme Each Performance. !
Seats 5Cc, 75c, Jl.00."' (hildren 25c. ;
At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
SOUVENIR MATINEE FRIDAY AT 3 !
RAGTIME SMOKER SATURDAY NIGHT. :
Bauer, the Great Pianist, Next Week
Zifcka and King:,
Kelly anil Vlolctte, Irving: Jones
.AND A GBEAT SHOW......
Every Afternoon and Evening 1 In the
Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINES^ AND PHILIPPINE !
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
AXIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE
ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 6c.
When Phonlnir. Ask for "The Chute*."
Palace dgntfailto
I dlatC we the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/I fill room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r % PALM ROOM, the
lirSfill LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LORt and the LA-
O m% ' DIES' WRITING
Hotels | room., I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY.. FEBRUARY. 23J 1904.'
MARAUDERS
MAKE FULL
CONFESSION
Police Find That the Two
3Ien Arrested for Recent
Robberies in Marin County
Are Experienced in Crime
AUSTIN HOOPER WELL
BEARED AT PETALUMA
Officers Have Learned That
Wilson Left San Quentin a
Week Ago, but the Prisoner
Will Not Discuss His Past
SAX RAFAEL. Feb. 22.— The career
of Austin Hooper has been one of
J crime for the past several years. His
I latest offense, the attempt to murder
Constable Louis Hughes and the sub
! sequent holding up of William Shan-'
j non and his customers last night, will,
from all facts thus far brought to
light. land him behind prison bars for
the balance of his life, likewise his
pal, George Wilson. Of Wilson little
is known other than that he has a
i prison record and that he- only left
I San Quentin last Monday morning.
J Hooper is the son of Mrs. C. T.
j Hooper of Petaluma. He was reared
I by indulgent parents, but at an early
j age developed many criminal instincts.
| He was in one Reform School fo'r sev
'• eral years and on March IS, 1903, was
: sent to Sari Quentin from Rolano
j County for one year for assault with
' a deadly weapon upon Constable Jo
* seph Statton of Dixon. Hooper upon
j leaving San Quentin told Captain
j Swan that he was going home to his
! mother in Petaluma and lead a good
j life. No soonrr had the young man
I left the prison than he evidently
i planned the holdup in Sausalito which
! was successfully carried out on last
; Friday night. On this occasion he was
J joined by George Wilson, who helped
j him in the work at San Rafael last
night. The two men were arrested by
Deputy Sheriff George Martin at San
Anselmo about 1 o'clock this morning.
Several posses were out scouring the
country in search of them. Sheriff
j Taylor and Deputy Agnew were out!
j al! night searching the country in the
direction of Nova to. Many clews were
run down, but no tangible evidence of •!
the whereabouts of the fugitives could
be developed.
HOOPER IS WOUXDKD.
| Had it not been that Hooper was se
i verely wounded in the leg and could
not travel, the two men would probably j
have been at large yet. How the '
wound was received is a mystery yet j
unsolved. Hughes asserts during his ;
combat with the two men about 10:15
he attempted to fire, but his revolver .
snapped each time. » j
When the two men entered the Shan
non saloon the taller of the two did not
limp. Hence the belief is that the two
men. after they left Shannon's, at- ;
tempted another hold-up en route to
San Anselmo and Hooper got hit. •
After being wounded the two went to
the residence of James Taylor. Deputy
Sheriff Martin was there at the time
and nabbed his men. later bringing
them to the County Jail here. At 3
o'clock this morning Shannon positive- .
ly identified the two as the ones who '
rubbed him. Hughes also was positive
the smaller man. Wilson, shot him.
Later to-day Sausalito people who
were held u?> Friday night identified
Wilson, while Joseph Kelly of San Ra
fael was certain that Hooper was the
lad that hired a horse and buggy from ,
his stable on Saturday afternoon and •
has never returned it. j
Wilson would not- speak upon the
subject at all, while -Hooper told vari- j
ous stories establishing alibisi
BOTH MlfiX O6XFES& j
This afternoon, however, under a
sweating by District Attorney Boyd
and Sheriff Taylor, Hooper told his
name and admitted the Sausalito hold
up. Wilson confessed to having tried
to kill Hughes, claiming he believed
that the officer was after him. The
evidence against the two prisoners for
four charge? of highway robbery is
conclusive and it !s believed they will
soon make a clean breast of all their
infamous .conduct in Marin County.
Austin Hooper, though only 20 years
old, is an old hand at highway robbery.
Several years ago he stole a bicvele in
Dixon and was arrested by Constable
Joseph Statton. Later he shot Statton
and made his escape. He purloined
another bicycle and rode to Tremont,
there held up two men and relieved
them of considerable coin. He was next
heard of at Webster station, where he
held up another man and shot his vic
tim. He doubled back on his tracks
and eluded pursuit for some time, but
ultimately was located at the home of
his parents in 'Petaluma, He was ar
rested, tried and eventually got the
charge reduced to one of assault. He
arrived at. San Quentin March 18, 1903.
His number there was 20039. Hooper
also has relatives in Oakland. The
preliminary hearing will occur to-mor-
RAIN DELUGES HONOLULU
AND DOES GREAT DAMAGE
Storm. 'of a Week's Duration Endan
gers Roads and Bridges and Causes
n Loss of $100,000.
HONOLULU, Feb. 16.— A storm
which has broken all records here for
rainfall began a week ago last Sat
urday, since which date over twenty
inches of rain have fallen here. It is
estimated that "damages to the extent
of $100,000 have been done to roads
and bridges in the islands, the dam
age in Honolulu being estimated at
over $50,000. For a time the shore
line cable, connecting San Francisco
with the offices of the cable company
here," was , endangered by the washing
away of a bridge. The company had
instruments ready_ in their small sta
tion on the beach' in case of a break
and was ready. to pick up. the line and
continue receiving and sending mes
sages. < '
.Bronchial Troubles are .often 'permanently
cured by Plso's Cure for Consumption. 25c. •
BAD WEATHER
IS A DAMPER
Washington's Birthday Cele
bration Checked by a Down
pour of Bain Throughout Day
BUSINESS HOUSES CLOSED
Sons of the American Revolu
tion and Other Organiza-
tions Observe • the Occasion
Leaden skies and a drizzly downpour
of water effectively prevented any out
door celebration of Washington's birth
day in San "Francisco. So muggy was
the weather that the usual work-a-day
crowd was absent from the street's.
Some men and women wrapped in rain
j ccats and sheltered by umbrellas wan
idered. forth to watch the flags on the
I principal business blocks, hanging de-
I jectediy under the rain that came down
! in slanting lines.
I All of the principal business houses
j closed in honor of the day, and the era
i ployes enjoyed the holiday generally by
! stopping at home in the comfort of a
grate fire. Late in the afternoon the
■ rain ceased, and as a' consequence the
• theaters heljf their usual holiday
j crowds. j
j There were absolutely no outdoor ex
ercises in honor of the great liberator.
Even the customary exercises before
j United States troops were foregone at
! the Presidio. The parade ground was
I an inland sea, and the commanding of
; fleer thought it would be an imposition
on the soldiery to compel the commands'
( to stand ankle deep in water and listen
j to "Washington's Farewell Address."
: SONS OF KKVOT.UTION DIXK.
I The Sons of the American Revolu- i
I tion celebrated Washington's bjrth- !
j day last night in the California Hotel
j at an informal dinner, at which Col- j
': onel A. D. Cutler, president of the so- j
j ciety, presided.
j Colonel Cutler reported that the Na
tional Society will probably hold its
I annual convention in San Francisco in
. the spring of 1905. A paper was read
i by M. Sims on "Washington, the Mak- i
' ing of the Man." in which he traced !
i the effects of Washington's early pur
psuit3 and environment upon the form-
S ation of his character. The paper was
■discussed by George C. Sargent, C. J. i
I King, Charles E. Greene and C. D. I
i Haven. i
j The society was also entertained by j
j General C. A. Woodruff, U. S. A., who j
I spoke of Washington and compared i
! him with the politicians of the pres
ent day.
The next meeting of the society will |
be on April 1!>, the anniversary of the I
I battle of Lexington, at which time a |
formal dinner will be given. Ladies j
| will be invited.
CLUB AT THE ALHAMBRA!
In the evening entertainments in
honor of the Father- of • his Country
were' also given' by the Young Men's
j Institute at the Alhambra Theater
'and by the Pi Psi Sigma Club at the
-Young Men's Christian Association
auditcrrium.
: The Alhambra Theater was comfort
ably filled, despite the rain, with a well- j
( dressed and appreciative audience, j
which listened attentively to the pro- j
gramme rendered. John A. Dunleavy, '
president of the board of management .
j of the • Young Men's Institute, made ,
some introductory remarks, outlining !
the purposes and achievements Qf the!
border. Joseph S. Tobin was the princi- j
pal sneaker of the evening, and the I
burden of his address was patriotism. !
He^dwelt at length on the services ren- |
dered to our country in war and peace ■
by Catholics, and impressed on his '
hearers the fact that the members of!
the Young Men's Institute were no less '
'■ ardent than were their forebears, who
\ had fought, died and helped build the
magnificent structure of the greatest
nation the world has ever known.
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS.
The programme in full was as fol- 1
lows:
Ovciture. Hy no?' orchestra: introductory,
Jchn A. Dunleavy. president board of manage
ment: president of the evening, James I). Whe
lan, grand president Y. M. I.: tontralto solo
(heli'Cted), Miss Ella V. McCloskey; tenor solo.
"Dawn ' Richard H. Hunt: xylophone solo,
Professor S. Samuel3: address.. Hen. Joseph S.
Tobin: selections, orchestra: soprano solo. "Thy j
Blue Eyes"' IBohn), Mrs. Marie Droba* Me- I
Glatle: monologue. \V. J. Hynes; recitation. I
"As the Mcon Rose." Miys A. Draghlcevich; !
barytone s.>lo; "The Way of the Cross," Bert !
Mipner.
In the morning a solemn high requiem
was offered at St. Ignatius Church for]
the repose of the dead members of the
order.
The souvenir musicale of the Pi Psi r
Sigma Club, given at the Young Men's |
Christian Association auditorium last
night In honor of Washington's birth
day, was entirely enjoyable in every
sense. A striking 1 number on the pro
gramme was a' trio from Haydn par- j
ticipated in by Miss Mary Broeck Pas
more, violin; Miss Susanne N. Pasmore,
piano, and Miss Dorothy B. Pasmore,
'cello. The programme in full was as*
follows:
Scherzo, op. 31, No. 2 (Chopin), C. M. Marks,
at the Ceclllan piano player; ladies' quartet
(selected) — Mrs. I. Larsen first soprano, Miss
Anne C. Moore second soprano, Miss A. Wolf
skill first alto, Mrs. . E. Basford second alto; 1
trio In G, No. 1 — andante, adagio cantablle,
,rondo (al hongrolse) (Haydn), the Pasmores;
Miss Mary Broeck Pasmore, violin: Miss Suz
anne N. Pasmcre. piano; Miss Dorothy B. Pas
more. cello; barytone solo, prologue to -'TPaj
llacci" (Leoncavello). Slgnor Guadenzlo Rossi; ,
reading. George Bell, humorist; violin solo, '
"Russian Airs" <Wlenlawskl), Miss Mary
Broeck Paamcre; trio, "Way Down South" (ar- ,
ranged by H. B. Pasmore), ' the Pasmores; se
lection, ladies', quartet: barytone solo (select
ed), Signor Guadenzlo Rossi; reading. George
Bell; cello solo (a) "Berceuse" ' (Popper), (b)
"Tarantelle" (Goltermann). Miss Dorothy B.
Pasmore: Hungarian rhapsodie No.. 12 (Liszt), I
G. M. Marks, at the Cecllian. piano player. j
Lines From the Lost Book or the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"I am candid in saying, so far as ser
vice and attention are concerned, the Cal
ifornia Limited.5 while 'excelling ..the
many, will -compare favorably with"- the
best anywhere in the. East.
"I know of no route from California to
Chicago I would prefer to the Santa Fe,
and I know of no train on the Hanta Fe
I would prefer to the California Limit
ed."—J. B. ASKEW. Wheatland^Cal. *
Stockton Pioneer Dead.
,* STOCKTON, Feb. 22.— B. Howard
Brown,', one of Stockton's pioneer busi
ness men, is dead at « the age of 79
years.. He' came to Stockton in 1850,
worked as: a miner, was in the tailor
ing business and 'for a time supplied
the - citizens with water. He -■ was ; a
charter member of the Pioneer Society
and served a term* in the City Council.
WOMEN WRITERS
IN QUAINT GARB
Colonial Dames Listen to Song
arid Story of Ye Olden Day
and Live Merrily in the Past
FINE PKOGRAMME GIVEX
In White Wigs, Brocade Frocks
and Fetching Patches the
Women Celebrate the Day
By Sally Sharp-
Colonial days were not mere things
of memory last night— the birthnight
of Washington— for at Century Hall
the Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation held forth in ye garb of ye
olden day, and Priscilla, Penelope and
their other quaint compatriots were as
one with us of the later day. But we,
in our new-fangled garb, were simply
not in the running— as the racing men
would say— with their flowered bro
cades, their kerchiefs and panniers,
their powdered wigs and patches.
The reception committee, Mrs. Ada
Van Pelt chairman, was gowned in
the style of our -Revolutionary gran
dames, Airs. Hall, Mrs. Foster, Miss
, Gleason and Dr. JMlnora Kibbe look
1 ing especially fetching in their flow
! ered frocks. .
i The following programme was on the
boards, Mrs. Laura Y. Pinney presid-
I ing:
i Solo on harpsichord, Edward W.Tillson; sons,
• Walter H: Olney: sons. Mistress Genevleve
j Gleason; Mistress Lorena Klizabeth Hoag \vifl
I rpeak a piece; flute solo, Mistreat! Mae Lud
' low; ye Virginia reel by all ye men and no
j men: social converse; crullers and coffee; Mrs.
| W. O. Winch, accompanist.
! N. B.— Ye thirsty will find a pall of water In
ye corner.
N. B.— Inasmuch as ye maydens do be
shamefaced before so many people, ye goode
folke are asked to look ye other way.
• • •
The harpsichord "solo was a charm
ing initial number. Mr. Tillson giving
j the "Gondolier Song," by Liszt, and a
j medley of patriotic airs in good style.
| Mr. Olney's numbers, sung in cos
tume,' were very charming, the second
song reflecting rather better taste per
! haps in selection than the first. .
j Miss _Gleason's" solos were excellently
i received, and deservedly so. So, too,
! were the "pieces spoke" by the chic
little Miss Hoag and the whistling solos
of Miss Ludlow.
The Virginia reel, by the guests, was
| unquestionably the real thing in the
j way of reels, which was supplemented
i by the "Quaker's Greeting." Don't
j know what that is? Neither did we,
| whe-se forebears weren't in the May-'
, flower excursion, but Mrs. Ada Van
i Pelt explained its intricacies and a !
very jolly time resulted. '
America was then sung, and sung '
I with a fine ring of patriotism, and the
J well beloved but much battered "Auld
! Lang Syne" announced the programme
at an end. .,
The' coffee and crullers were espc- '
daily good, made by a writer member
who really can cook. . |
The following notice about contribu- ',
tic-ns is apropos:
NV B. — Ye goode people need not brynjre gin- i
gerbread: Mistress Goodworthy- will have hot
I coffee and crullers for all ye men and women.
Ye goode people are admonished not to spill ye :
crumbs on ye floor.
X. B. — Inasmuch as ye meeting-house la '
lyghted by ye new-fans;Ied thynge called gas, i
goode people need rot brynge candles.
Thus did the spirit of '76 hover about \
the home of the Women's Press Club, j
and right worthily was the birthday of j
Washington honored by its members
and friends. And those crullers made;
by a member will survive as" a pleasant
memory for many a long day. <
The Outdoor Art League, Mrs. Lovell j
White president, held an important;
meeting yesterday at the Sorosis club- j
house, at which Mrs. Willis Polk made j
the principal address. The matter of
keeping vacant lots clear of garbage
and rubbish was the topic under dis
cussion, and from the earnestness of
the members good results must ensue.
To-day the California Club will hold
an interesting session, the day being in
charge of Mrs. Louis Hertz. "The
Ghetto" will be the topic of discussion.
Sixteen members of the California
Women's Whist League have organized
a little club for the purpose of bowling
on Wednesday and Saturday after
noons of each week. Mrs., Eugene Duf
fey. the popular vice president of the
California Whist League, will probably
accept the presidency of the new club.
Among the bowling enthusiasts who
will bowl in Mrs. Duffey's party are:
Mrs. W. A. Richardson, Mrs. E. B.
Grace, Mrs. Walsh, Mrs. Miller, Mrs.
Morrill, Mrs. James Osborne. Mrs.
Frances Young, Mrs. F. Llnz. Miss Mil
ler, Mrs. I. S.-Averill, Mrs. Trowbridge,
Mrs. B. W. Rice, Mr^. Peters, Mrs. L. S.
McCartney, Mrs. O'Brien and Mrs. Joy.
The Tuesday Afternoon Club enjoyed
an informal bowling party on its regu
lar day last week. The ladies bowled
from 2 to 4 o'clock, and Bfter the game
enjoyed a dainty luncheon. Among those
present were* Mrs. H. M. Breeden, Mrs.
J. S. Andrews, Mrs. C. Sharrocks, Miss
Giesting and Mrs. Butler.
SHOWERS ARE FREQUENT.
Central and Northern California Get
Slight Rainfall., .
Showers were frequent in Central
and Northern California yesterday. No
rain fell in the south, where it is most
needed. Local Forecaster Willson said
last night that" the storm w-as making
its way east and that this State would
see but little more of it. Clearing
weather generally is the prediction for
to-day. \
..The temperature was higher, than
for. several days previously. The
winds were .light off shore. Under
present conditions there 'is no unusual
danger for" the shipping interests.
The amount of rain that fell in this
city during Sunday and yesterday was
.46 of an inch. The seasonal rainfall
Is about five inches less than the aver-
age. ' /
Snow was falling, in the higher alti
tudes last night. The rivers in the
northern^portion of the State were ris
ing* slowly, but there is no danger of
an overflow, at any point according to
the" Weather Bureau reports.
Chicago University is said to be run
aVa' loss of some $200,000 a year. A
pretty^ high .price for : the . spread of
sensations., and freak theories.— Bir
mingham , News. .
ADVEBTISEMENTa \ j. '!;
Season 19(1)4
Arabian Lace Curtains
New Styles. Exceptional Values.
$3.75p' $4.50p- $5.50p- $T.50p-
Corded Arabian Curtains, special $2.50pr
Bagdad Portieres, worth $7.50, $5.00ea
...TURKISH AND PERSIAN RUGS...
Select Patterns. Moderate Prices.
New Dress Trimmings.
Exclusive Designs in Gold and Silver Effects;
Applique Linen Embroidery; Persian Bands of Silk
and Linen in new colorings; Spangled Godet
Flouncings, in all colors, with Headings and Trim-
mings to match; Dress Accessories, including
Fancy Coilars, Buckles, Belts, Etc., in Novel Pat-
terns, also the New Peacock Effects, at Moderate
rnccs.
Special Attention is called to a Complete New
Line Fancy Mounted Combs in various attractive
' settings, comprising Solid Gold, Rhinestones, Etc.
Cotton Dress Materials.
French Organdies, new chiffon finish, in floral
designs 50c yard
Homespun Suitings, large variety of styles,
suitable for tub dresses. . . . 25c yard
Butchers' Linen, all colors, 36 in. wide. . .35c yard
Japanese Crepe, striped and plain, fast colors. ..
20c yard
Scotch Madras, 32 in. wide, for waists... 25c yard
In addition will display unusually large collec-
tion novelties for Ladies' and Children's Dresses. *
Woolen Dress Goods.
Reliable Suitings, the dress pattern $3.50
Norfolk Suitings, the dress pattern $6.00
New Scotch Tweeds, the dress pattern. $8,75
Voile de Laine, Special, the dress pattern... $4.50
Crepe Mesaline, NoJeTty. the dress pattern $10.50
English Mohairs, in all colors, exceptionally
brilliant finish 60c upward
WEDDING GIFTS Entire floor devote d
= to Artistic Novel-
ties suitable for that purpose.
/ Cor.Post & Kearnt Sts*
OLD SETTLER
KILLS HIMSELF
Dr. Ruby Takes Advantage of
Nurse's Absence and Sends
a Bullet Through His Heart
RIVERSIDE, 22.— Dr. W. S.
Ruby, an early settler and a prominent
citizen of this place, committed suicide
this afternoon by shootingr himself
through the heart. He had been an in
valid for several months.
Dr. Ruby asked the nurse for an
orange, saying he wished her to pick
one fresh from the tree. As soon as
she left the room he procured a re
volver, put the muzzle over his heart
and pulled the trigger/
Dr. Ruby had been a resident of
Riverside twenty years. His wife and
son died a short .time ago.
PERSONAL.
Dr. F. W. Hatch of Sacramento Is at
the Lick.
Dr. A. W. Hoisholt of Stockton is at
the Lick. *
F. M. Buck, a fruit man of Vaca
ville, is at the Lick.
H. A. Torchiana, an attorney of
Watsonvllle, is at the Lick.
G. F. Herr. . a railroad man of Los
Angeles, is at the California.
Assemblyman F. E. Dunlap of
Stockton is registered at the Lick.
Dr. J. Younger of the steamship
Sierra is registered at the California.
A. G. Dent, manager of a big insur
ance company of Liverpool, arrived at
the Palace yesterday.
Dr. William J. Dawaon of the Home
for Feeble-Minded Children at Eld
ridge rejistered at the Lick yester
day.
J. R. Gait, a capitalist of Honolulu,
and his family, are at the Occidental.
They are on their way to their island
home.
Rodolph Tudor, a hotel proprietor
of Sydney, arrived on the steamship
Sierra yesterday and is staying at the
Palace.
J. B. Berry, chief engineer of the
Union Pacific Railroad, arrived here
3'esterday from. Omaha and is at the
Palace. He has come to the coast for
rest.
■ George. R. Teller of Buffalo, secre
tary of the Consolidated Esmeralda
mine of 'Nevada, and Thomas H.
JFeareyol Quincy, 111., a director of the
SAYS LEPROSY
CAN BE CURED
Dr. Bice, a Hilo Physician,
Claims to Have Discovered a
Remedy for the Dread Disease
4 Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 16.— Hllo has an
alleged leper cure which Governor Car
ter and President Cooper of the Board
of Health have promised to put to a
scientific test. Dr. Rice, a Hilo physi
cian, has been treating native patients
for years and claims to have effected
some remarkable cures. He is a home
opath and says that there is nothing
strange about his cure, excepting that
he believes he is the first one to try
homeopathy on the disease.
The Board of Health intends to give
the remedy a thorough test. For that
purpose a camp has been established a
couple of miles from Hilo and patients
will be sent there to take the treatment.
The Government bacteriologist. Dr. Mc-
Donald, will assist in making the test
successful. President Cooper has ap
pointed a commission, composed of Drs.
Grace, Hays and Rice, to note the con
dition of the patients under the reme
dies proposed and to report their find
ings to the Board of Health. The tests
will be prolonged so long as the doctors
in attendance believe it necessary f ( >r
their success.
NEIGHBORS QUARREL. AND
ONE ' IS SHOT TO DEATH
Tronblc Between Farmers Over ;»
Woman in Capay Valley Ends .
in Murder.
WOODLAND. Feb. 22. — Word
reached here to-night from Capay
Valley that Vern Rodcers. a farmer,
had been shot and killed by a.wood
chopper named Cy Woods. The mur
der is said to have occurred on lust
Saturday, but Woods kept the secret
until to-night. Trouble is known to
have existed between the men for
some time on account of the fondness
of Rodgers for Woods' Vife. Woods
has'left his ho/ne to go to his father's
ranch, twenty miles away, and the
Constable has followed him.
same company, who have been in
specting the property, arrived here
yesterday In company with J. A. Yer
ington of Carson and are reciatered
at the Palace.
T
78
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL LAYS
CORNERSTONE OF SPLENDID TEMPLE
Hundreds of Members and Friends of the Prosperous Hebrew
Society Brave the Storm to Participate in Impressive Cere
monies Conducted by Rabbi Nieto — Details of the Enterprise
Five hundred members and friends
of Congregation Sherith Israel showed
their devotion to their ancient faith
yesterday afternoon by braving the
Storm to attend the ceremonies of the
laying of the cornerstone of the new
?yna?ogue on the northeast corner of
California and Webster streets. The
.meeting was held under a temporary
..awning stretched over the foundation
and basement structure.
The president of the congregation,
Charles Harris, opened the exercises
with a short address of greeting to the
members present from that and other
synagogues. He dwelt upon the re
markable progress made by the con
gregation in its rifty-four years of pros
-perous histo-y and the encouraging
outlook f«r the future in its new loca
.tion. He was followed by Rabbi Meyer
:S. Levy in an invocation, asking the
c!i\ine blessing upon the rising house
•of .worship, and by Rabbi M. Fried-
Umder in a reading from the Scrip- j
' tUFOS.
The old box of records that had been
placed in the cornerstone of the congre
gation's present synagogue at Post ana
Taylor streets when it was dedicated,
on August 26, 1870, was then laid by |
Hal-.r f heideman, chairman of the I
Uuildkig committee, in the new corner- i
etone. Among other contents it held ■
copies of the Alta ("alifnrnian and
other contemporary newspapers of that
date.
HISTORICAL SKETCH
• An historical sketch of Congregation
Fherith Israel was read by Secretary
Alexander L. Badt. He told of the
foundation of the society by three He
brews from Kartern cities, who, in the
ADVEETISEMENTS.
. The letter of Miss Merkley,
whose picture is printed above,
proves beyond question that
thousands of cases of inflamma-
tion of the ovaries and womb
are annually cured by the use of
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
."Deab Mna. Ptskha.m: — Gradual
loss of strength and nerve force told
/me something 1 was radically wrong
with me. I had severe shooting' pains
through the pelvic organs, cramps and
extreme irritation compelled me to
6cek medical advice. The doctor said
that I bad ovarian trouble and ulcera-
tion, and .advised an operation. I
Btronjrly objected to this and decided
to try Lydia. E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Com pound. I soon found that
my judgment was correct, and that all
the good things said about this medi-
cine trere tfue, and .day by day I felt
less pain and increased appetite. The
ulceration soon healed, axd the other
complications disappeared, and in
eleven weeks I was once more strong
and vigorous and perfectly well.
"My heartiest • thanks are sent to
yem for the great good, you have done
me." — SincereSy.yours, Miss Maroa-RKT
Mebkut, 275 Third St., Milwaukee,
Wis.— fSOOO forfeit-ifjerf§lnal of atov$ titUf
Sroi'lre &r,iiitt$ ncttccr.net t>* produced. .. 4
PASTOR OF SHERITH IS
RAEL, AND SCENE AT THE
CORNERSTONE LAYING.
summer of 1S19, prepared for the cele
bration of the Jewish holidays here in
September by erecting a temporary
structure at what was then the end of
Kearny street, where now stands the
Commercial Hotel. The fact that money
was more abundant then than build
ing materials or buildings was vividly
brought out by the historian's state
ment that for the use of this building
during the holidays alone the embryo
congregation had to pay the extraor
dinary sum of $1000. The next year,
said Mr. Badt, the congregation effect
ed a regular organization on August
20. Its first home was in rooms in a
building known as "Merchants' Court,"
on Washington street, between Mont
gomery and Kearny. The great fire of
1851 destroyed this structure and left
the congregation to seek new quarters
in rooms on Kearny street, between
Washington and Jackson. The first
synagogue was erected in 1854, and was
dedicated on September 8 of that year.
It stood on the east side of Jackson
street, between Broadway and Vallejo.
This humble structure of frame shel
tered the congregation until 1870, when
the large temple at Post and Taylor
streets wan dedicated. The growth of
the congregation and the removal of
its membership farther west had made
a change of location and a still larger
synagogue necessary, the steps taken
to obtain which were told at some
length.
PAYS WAltM TRIBUTE.
The historian paid a warm tribute
to the former rabbis and lay officers of
the congregation, whose long devotion
to its interests had built it up from a.
feeble organization with few members
to one of the most prosperous Jewish
societies in the country and made it
able to undertake the erection of the
coming magnificent synagogue, an or
nament to the city and a pride to its
members. i
Rev. Jacob Nieto, the rabbi of Sher
lth Israel, in a short but most feeling
address presented a silver trowel, the
gift of the congregation, to President
Harris, who was about to perform the
final act that had brought the com
pany together. Rabbi Nieto said in
part:
"We have selected for our corner
stone laying the natal day of that
great man that laid the cornerstone of
the most magnificent nation in the
world's history. The difficulties we
have met in building this congregation
and synagogue are, as nothing to the
heroic labors of the father of our land.
Let us remember his example and
build not for ourselves, but for poster
ity and country, for faith and free-
dom."
Architect Albert Pissis having certi
fied that all arrangements had been
made for the completion of the edifice,
President Harris called upon the vice
president of the congregation, Henry
Roman, to prepare the new box to be
deposited in the cornerstone with con
temporary records. This was duly
sealed, Its contents including copies of
the leading Hebrew and secular pa
pers, by-laws _ of all the San Francisco
congregations and charitable societies
of that faith and much other matter
of interest to the members of Sherith
h>rael.. * - .
A copy of the great American petl-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY. 23. 1901.
tion to the Czar of Russia in behalf of
his Jewish subjects was one of the
most noteworthy articles in the box.
There were also a copy of the consti
tution of the United States and a num-
ber of coins of current use.
Meyer Davidson, the senior member
of the congregation, placed the box of
records in position beneath the mas
sive cornerstone, which hung suspend
ed from a derrick, and which was then
slowly lowered into its final resting
place. "I now declare this stone duly
and truly laid," proclaimed President
Harris, "and may heaven prosper our
efforts and grant us the reward of our
labors and enable us all to see the
completion of the superstructure."
Just as the cornerstone descended
into its place the sun, which had been
hidden all the afternoon behind the
clouds and rain, broke through the dark
sky and shone bright and clear for a
few minutes upon the impressive scene.
It was accepted as a good omen for
the future of the new temple and its
congregation
The closing address by Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger, D. D., of Congregation
Emanu-El, on Sutter street, was an
eloquent tribute to the work of his
fellow Hebrews of the Sherlth Israel
and it aroused hearty applause by its
references to the land where so many
Hebrews have found welcome and pros
perity. Dr. Voorsanger said among
other things:
EMANU-EL'S GREETINGS.
"Greetings from Emanu-El oh the
auspicious beginning of a holy work.
This rain to-day that blesses the earth
is a symbol of God's blessing upon a
dry and thirsty land. As it drenches
the soil, so shall the religion of Israel
drench and blesp this country and all
the countries of the world. We in
voke the symbol of the rain that this
faith may give spiritual prosperity to
our descendants for all future time.
"We lay this cornerstone believing
that the inspirations of our faith are
just as dear to us in this great, free
land as In those Oriental countries
where our forefathers struggled in cen
turies long agone. The civil loyalty of
the Jew is only matched by his loy
alty to Israel and to his own home and
family/'
The benediction was pronounced by
Rabbi Isidore Myers of Congregation
Ohabai Shalome.
The new synagogue, the massive
foundations of which have already been
completed, will be pushed rapidly for
ward, and it is the hope of Rabbi Nieto
and his parishioners that they may
be able to worship in the finished tem
ple during the Jewish holidays in Sep
tember. Their present synagogue at
Post and Taylor streets njay have to
be vacated upon short notice, as it has
been sold
The structure that is rising tot, the
growing congregation at California and
Webster streets will be one of
the finest pieces of ecclesiasti
cal architecture in San Fran
cisco. Planned in the" general style
adopted by the leading Hebrew socie
ties of the world, it will attract praise
by reason of the especially imposing
features of the facade and by great at
tention to interior convenience and
beauty. The building will cover a plat
128x100 feet. Its material is gray 'sand
stone.
Stcph Kills Brewer and Flees.
W. Va., Feb. 22.— John
Steph, a wealthy merchant, shot and
killed Elmer Brewer, a wealthy, farmer
and neighbor, to-day.. Two hours later
a torch was applied to Steph's large
store and it was totally consumed.
Steph's home also was fired, but It was
saved. Steph is in hiding. r V";-
Musician Tries to Kill Daughter.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Feb. 22.— Steven
Maucka, a blind violinist, shot and
dangerously wounded his 16-year-old
daughter to-day and then blew out his
own brains. He is believed to have
been insane. . - . .
When a' scandal comes up in conver
sation and some "one present 1 wants : to
change the subject, it's usually the sign
that there's something; doing close at
home. ,
JUDGE GARBER
REJECTS OFFER
Declines to Accept the Appoint
ment on Panama Canal Com
mission Hade by President
ENGINEER WILL BE CHOSEN
Action of Roosevelt in Filling
Place Prompts Calif ornians to
Unite on a Patronage Plan
call bureau; hotel barton.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— The declina
ticm of the honor of. serving, on the
Panama Canal Commission came along
In due form to-day, signed by J\jdge
Garber, as was expected. President
Roosevelt, in discussing the matter
with members of the 'California delega
tion later, intimated . that his next
selection -from that State for theroffia?
would probably b.e - from the ranks of
engineers.
The action of the President in offer
ing the appointment to Judge Garber
is probably responsible for a move on
the part of the California delegation
looking to the getting together of that
body in the matter .of distribution of
State patronage that will be productive
of excellent results. It isViot too much
to say that the nomination of Judge
Garber, while not criticized in the mat
ter of the nominee, struck the Cali
fornia Senators like a thunderclap from
a sunny sky. It is explained by the
fact that the Senators were not united
on any man acceptable to the President
and for that reason-he sought the ad-
Vice of representative men outside of
the deleg-ation altogether. This j divi
sion of sentiment and influence has
worked to the disadvantage of Cali
fornia Republicans aspiring to Federal
office in many instances, some of which
are notable, as well as to the great
embarrassment of members of the dele
gation themselves. The result has been
that where the President has not taken
the matter out of -the hands of the
delegation entirely, making his own
choice, the appointment otherwise to
have been made is simply held up.
SENATORS CLAIM POWER.
This matter has been a source of con
stant irritation to the Californiahs for
a long time and often the subject of
discussion among them. The Senators
have hitherto j claimed exclusive right
to name candidates for Federal offices
other than postmasterships in the sev
eral legislative districts. Where the
Senators each had candidates for any
single office and failed to come together
the delegation in the House has been
appealed to to serve as a jury and
render judgment.
The members of the House, however,
have respectfully declined to offer their
good offices at any such disagreeable
juncture. It is not for them, they say,
to judge between the Senators. If they
are to be consulted by the Senators
when they are in a dilemma they, the !
Representatives," insist .upon having
some 6ay in a clear field. The Sena
tors claim the right to the distribu
tion of patronage on the ground, that
it falls to them to secure the confirma
tion of the nominees. By this same
sign, say the Representatives, .they
must be held responsible for every act
of the officer appointed upon their ex
clusive motion.
But the system has failed to work
anything but failure, and the Senators
and Representatives alike have real
ized how it has weakened their effec
tiveness both here and at home in Cali
fornia.
Whether or not it was the Judge
Garber incident that brought the mat
ter to a head, Senator Bard to-day
1 submitted to Senator Perkins, and after
a slight amendment by the latter both
Senators submitted to the House dele
gation, a proposition calculated to clear
the sky, bringing about harmony and
work the much desired reform.
DELEGATION FORMS PLAN,
Briefly stated, it is that the whole
delegation shall decide who shall be
proposed for the Federal offices inv Cali
fornia. This was the proposition of
Senator Bard. Senator Perkins' only
stipulation was that the nominee in no
case should be o-bjectlonable to either
Senator. The proposition in writing
was sent to Representative Metcalf,
who will bring it before the other House
members at a meeting to-morrow.
"It will, of course, be accepted," said
Metcalf to-night, "for this is what the |
House delegation has been contending I
for all along. There will, I am sure,
be no objection to the only stipulation
in it, for the reason that no member
of the House would wish to force the
nomination of any man objectionable
to a Senator. We all desire that only
non-objectionable men be given the
Federal offices. 1 ;
The result of this move will prob
ably soon be felt in California official
circles.
HOUSE SHIES AT FAREWELL
, ADDRESS OF WASHINGTON"
Refuses to Listen to the Reading of
First President's Words of
Advice. < 7?
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22. — The low
er Housq of the American Congress
to-day refused to hear the reading of
Washington's farewell address. In
the Senate, following the usual cus
tom on February 22, the address wai
read immediately after the chaplain's
opening prayer.
Williams, the minority leader in the
House, moved that the clerk read the
farewell address of Washington" and
that immediately thereafter the House
adjourn. A point of order | made by
Payne was sustained on the ground
that the motion embraced two prop
ositions.
Williams then moved that the
House adjourn and pending adjourn
ment that unanimous consent be given
for the reading of Washington's fare
well address. Having coupled a j re
quest with his motion it again was
held: not to be in order. Then Wil
liams asked for unanimous consent
that, this being Washington's birth
day," the farewell address be read.
Upon the demand of Payne '• for the
regular order Williams moved to ad
journ. On roll call the motion was
lost, 93 to 95., Three Republicans
voted with the minority for the mo
tion; otherwise there was a party
alignment with the Republicans op
ftosins adjournment.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
gfie looms of ; Ik WofM amtrttrfe
Never before have we shown such a perfect assortment,
such variety, such beautiful and artistic designs. Carpets
have been pouring in on us for the last month, a perfect
deluge of textile beauty. The prices speak for themselves.
Don't fail to visit the store this week. You will feel well repaid, r
Agate Pro-Brussels Linen War P Matting ££* JX
and artistic floor covering; reversible} full yard Qff[/% house "on the square." A good grade- Per lOl^lf*
wide. Price O\Jl> yard Ifc/2U
Tapestry Brussels \ i«ge i j no leum Made o! *** test Unseed dl and
range of patterns to choose from,' many of them CtGZr* Lf'WV^UIH pulverized cork. A number y| EZr*
exclusive. Price, per yard OiJ v of attractive patterns. Per square yard
RnH \r Rriic«jpl c A e ooc! * fad * of t* 36 ? Brus "
UUU J Ul UMCW s:]Sm n o cafpet made to Qrnvrni PiiO* 9x12 feeMarge enough to cover
equal this wonderful weave for wear. Price, Q7lZ/» •JlllJiliaiVUg a rcom, rich in QlAHCZ
per yard *// /3vr color and design; reversible; price xpi*T»/ \J
IT IS OUR AIM TO SERVE YOU WITH THE BEST FOR THE LEAST MONEY.
BURTON OPPOSES
GREATER NAVY
Chairman of House River and
Harbor Committee Against
the Appropriation Measure
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— The naval
appropriation bill to-day encountered
opposition on the Republican side of the
House. Burton, chairman of the River
and Harbor Committee, announced in
a vigorous speech that he could not
support a bill which declared that the
United States, which in his view shoulrt
be the leader in all works for peace, is
going to double, treble and quadruple
its naval establishment, all under the
assertion that it is done for peace.
Consideration of the bill was pending
when the House adjourned, twenty-six
of the seventy-three pages having been
read for amendment under the five-
minute rule.
Burton'.' opposed the naval policy ex
pressed in the bill. as a departure from
the Doli<Jy which has been alike the
honor arid bulwark of the country. He
asked what was the necessity of so
great a navy; what nation was threat
ening and what nation was attacking
us, and what nation had questioned
the control of the United States over
the Philippines. Continuing, he asked
what country held back when Panama
broke away from Columbia. Turning
to the Spanish war, he declared there
was ample opportunity for foreign pow
ers to have formed combinations
against the United States if they had
so desired, but no such action had
been taken. The fact is, said Burton,
that the United States does not need a
large navy unless there shall be a com
bination of all Europe with their navies
against this country. - In such an event,
he continued, this country could not
provide a sufficient naval force without
a change that would be absolutely ap
palling—a change in the social condi
tion.
"We could not build a navy like that
of Great Britain without changing the
whole framework of our society," he
said.
- Burton said the Monroe doctrine Is
in no danger and .that the supremacy
of this country in the western hemis
phere is secure. The Monroe doctrine,
he said, means that republics must
prevail on this side of the 5 earth and.
that the stronger are to protect the
weak. He wanted to know what hob
goblin disturbed the droam of the gren
tleman who feared Germany wonld at-
tack the United States,
-"'The nations of the earth respect us,*'
he said. "They honor tis^ and, so far
as fear is salutary, they fear us."
TAKES HIS LIFE WHILE -
TEMPORARILY- INSANE
President Rich, a Leading Mormon,
Says Elder Crosby Was a Victim
:. of Overstudy.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 22.— The
body of Lorenzo Crosby, the Mormon
elder, .who committed suicide near
here on Saturday, while en route to
his home at Greer, Ariz., from Atlanta,
Ga., was . sent to Salt^ Lake City* to
day^: in charge of an official of the
church. Ben E.' E. . Rich of Atlanta;
president of the Southern^ States Mis
sion, ..under whom Crosby 'had worked,
"arrived here'; to-day to view the re
mains. ; .Mr. Rich stated that Crosby
had suffered from melancholia," the re
ault of overatudy.
ARREST CRANK
IN WASHINGTON
Man Known as Edward Relgar
Is Captured at the White
House by Secret Service Men
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Edward
Relgar, who gave his address as Chi
cago, was arrested at the White House
to-day and locked up, pending an in
quiry into his mental condition. Rel
gar evidently is of unbalanced mind.
He has written \ many letters to the
President, suggesting that people be
named in accordance with their occu
pations. Thus he maintains that a
dealer in wood should be' named Wood,
a carpenter should be named Carpen
ter, and bo on throughout the list. He
said that the present scheme of nam
ing people has caused a war among
the flies which may be ended only by
the adoption of his suggestion. For
many weeks the Secret Service offi
cers have been on the lookout for him
and when he appeared to-day he was
promptly placed in custody. Relgar
desired to see the President to ascer
tain why his letters had not been ans
wered. When he was searched a load
ed revolver and a box of cartridges
were found in his pockets. The offi
cers had no difficulty in getting him
away from the White House. He was
then taken to police headquarters,
where he \\as turned over to the au
thorities. Relgar ssys he is a miner
and railroad man. He arrived here
Saturday night.
An examination of his effects dis
closed copies of slveral letters he had
written to the President and some doc
uments, indicating that he was inter
ested in patent devices. \ V-
Convicts' Plans Arc Foiled.
SANTA FE, N. M., Feb. 22.— Seven
life convicts at the New Mexico peni
tentiary to-day overpowered Acting
Superintendent R. C. Garrett and cut
him with a knife because he would not
give up the combination to the armory-.
They were subdued by the guard be
fore they could accomplish their ap
parent purpose to seize the wives and
chlldren of the penitentiary employe's
and use them as shields.
Forbes' Appointment Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22.— The Sen
ate to-day confirmed the appointment
of W. Cameron Forbes of Massachu T
setts as a member of the Philippine
Commission and as Secretary of the
Department of Commerce and Police,
vice Luke, E. Wrigrht.
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK,
Mail This Order to X&e San Praaelsco Call Wit* 75c
The San Francisco Call.
/ San Francisco, CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me on«
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The. Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c b
to prepay shipping charges.) ~ V
SIGNEr # £
street ., .". !...!!!!!.""!
city ..!!;;!!!!;!!*!;II!I
state ..!!!!!!!!"!!"*?!"
WILL DISPOSE
OF OLD HALL
District Grand Lodge of B'uai
B'rith Decides to Sell the
Eddy-Street Property at Once
District Grand Lodge No. 4 of the
Independent Order of B'nai B'rith held
a session yesterday morning 1 , when
several amendments to the constitu
tion of the Grand Lodge were pre
sented and considered.
Then followed a lengthy discussion
of the proposition to build a new hall
for the order in this city. There was
also a proposition to sell the property
on Eddy street known as B'nai B'rith
Hall and apply the proceeds to the
erection of the new structure. It wha
finally decided to sell that property
and secure a new site upon which to
erect a suitable building without de
lay.
It was decided to place the matter
in the hands of the executive commit
tee of the Grand Lodge, to which is to
be added a committee of eleven, on?
from each of the lodges in San Fran
cisco and one from the lodge in Oak
land. These eleven will be named be
fore the close of the Grand Lodse ses
sion and then the committee will be
given authority to proceed.
There will be another session to
day.
SNOWSLIDE BLOCKS TRAFFIC
AND DAMS 1MIOVO IllVER
Rocks and Timbers Carried a Distance
of Two Hundred Feet Xear
Bridal Veil Falls.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Feb. 22. —
The Heber City branch of the Denver
and Rio Grande Railroad is reported
completely blocked by a mammoth
snowslide in the canyon a short dis
tance below BridaJ Veil Falls. So ter
rific was the slide that rocks and tim
bers were carried far up the other side
of the canyon and the Provo River
was completely dammed for gome dU
tance. For a distance of 200 feet the
track is buried from seventy-five to
ninety feet under the snow and debris.
The Kilties To-XI^ht.
The celebrated Scotch Band, the Kilt
ies, will bepin a six-night season at the
Alhambra Theater to-night. The band
consists of forty pieces besides pipers,
buglers, etc. A very attractive feature
will be the Clan Johnstone. troupe, the
greatest dancers In Scotland.
Passlnsr °f resile Stephen.
LONDON. Feb. 22. — Senator Leslie
Stephen, president of the Ethical So
ciety, is dead. He was born in 1832.NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
TURNS FARMERS
INTO STUDENTS
C«.rro^pon<lrnco School About
' to Bfe Established by Agri
culturists of the University
TO SEND OUT TEXTBOOKS
Boading Centers AVill Bring:
• Men Into Classes and Examin
ations AVill Be Arranged For
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Feb. 22.
Farmers all over the State may re
cCive an education in agriculture now
without leaving their plows and com
.Sng to the Univeisity of California,
This will be possible through a corre
epondence echool that is about to be
established by the agricultural college
Jit the university, the preliminary steps
having elready been taken.
The scheme is a very simple one. It
consists in supplying the farmers with
literature on subjects appertaining to,
agricultural pursuits, whether it be
Upon the most improved method of
r-ianting turnip seeds or taking care of
H .cow with tbe co-IIc. It is proposed
;o establish reading centers in various
parts of the State, so that numbers
of farmers may visit them and pursue
any line of study. If a farmer lives
in a place remote from one of these
centers he will be supplied with the
literature Just the same. Textbooks
and bulletins issued by the college will
be sect out at the expense of the farm
t»ri?; end after they'finish with the vol
umes they will be sent to others.
.*• Professor C. W. Woodworth is pre
paring a circular explaining the sys
tem to the farmers. The first course
will be given in economic entomology
and when it is complete the college will
Fend- out members of the faculty to
conduct examinations.
\\ ILL DISCUSS WORK
OF JUVENILE COURT
hrhool Teacher* and Public Officials
Invited to Hear Judge Ben IJ.
. . ' • ; Umlsey of Denver.
" . OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — -Some Ex
periences in Juvenile Court Work and
Jhe .Results" will be the subject of a
lecture by Judge Ben B. Lindsey of
Denver, Colo., which will be given at
.-? o'clock to-morrow afternoon in the
j!ommo'n School Assembly Hall at the
¦ crhabot Observatory! The address of
welcome will be delivered by Mayor
Warren Olney and Judge Lindsey will
be introduced by Superior Judge S. P.
Wall. •
The lecture will be given under the
•auspices of the Associated Charities
•<rnd that organization extends a spe
cial invitation to school officials and
principals of Oakland, Berkeley and
Abimeda; city officials, county officials,
ministers and club women I to attend.
Teachers in Oakland and Berkeley that
wish to hear the lecture will be per
mitted to dismiss their classes early.
Native I>:iu;jliters to Entertain.
./ OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — Piedmont
Parlor No. 87, Native Daughters, of
the Golden West, is planning it whist
tournament for next Thursday even
fnr. The tournament will be
field at Loring Hall, Eleventh and
Clay streets. Some very handsome
prizps have been selectod 'for success
ful players and the committee of ar
ranRemenis is endeavoring in every
jiossible way to make the affair a
Vplendid success.
Miss Jennie Jordan is chairman of
the committee, her assistants being:
Sirs. G. Bibber, Mrs. B. Brown, Miss
E. Chicou, Miss C. Englehardt, Miss
M. .Kenny, Miss A. Hammerly; Miss A.
Messmer, Mrs. A. McDonald, Mrs. B.
Pacheco tind Miss F. Scott.
Alamttia County Deaths
1 OAKLAND, F<:b. 22. — Rev. Samuel
Borul Randall, a member of the fac
oiliy of California College, died Satur
day afternoon at the college after an
illness of several weeks. The deceased
, was 4 4 years of age and was a native
'*>f Xew York. H« leaves a wife and
one 'eon.
Bert Douglas Toombs, a studenfat
"the Polytechnic High .School, died
>^'aturday nt his room at 1154 Crush
fetreet at the age of 20 years. De
ceased leaves a mother and brother,
who reside at Hot Spring.", LasSen
County.
JMvtHct Meeting of Odd IVilous,
OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — The local <Mrl
Fellows will hold the lust of the st?ri?3
of district meetings to-morrow even
ing, at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of
Eleventh and Franklin streets. Amonjj
the speakers will be Judge. F. B. Og
,den. Rev. Thoni.-is A. Boyer, pastor
\<T the. First Christian Church of this
;1ty7 and P. O. Brobeck. Deputy City
Attorney of 5nn Francisco, who is
< hairman of tbe trays and means com
mittee.
Y;u*ht Oub Arranges Progrra tunic.
• OAKLAND, Fob. 22. — The Califor
nia. Yacht Club has arranged «■ pro
gramme of events for the coming sea
<n\\. The principal event will be a
r.ice ov«rr the propored new course of
ihe clulrf, a triangular one extending
,/rnm the Key Route j>icr to Long
\v<iarf and back. The race will bo
s::iled on Sunday, August 23.
v :^ GBAPE-KUTS.
: RBfffeBHBBBIIEBHHBBHBBB
a h
STho 7Vliriieitijr» B
book: g
§ "The Road to |
J Wellville" 1
.« . Most powerful, energizing book § j
g of tke aniuiy. Found free in £
jj every pfy. of H
§- Grape-Nutsa
a- and Postum n
BIBBBIBBSBSBHBHBIIBBIB
LAY FIRST RAIL
FOR NEW ROAD
Promoters: of the Electric Line
»t Point Richmond Begin
Work of Constructing Track
......
CAPITAL STOCK IS LARGE
Xew System Will Be Equipped
With Cars of Same Pattern
as Those Used in Oakland
POINT RICHMOND, Feb. 22.— The
Richmond East Shore And Suburban
Railway, which was .incorporated, in
Point Richmond last week, has begun
the work of laying its tracks, and the
directors expect that the ro-ad, which
will connect the two portions of the
town and the Southern Paciflc and
Santa Fe depots, will be completed and
in operation by the first of July.
The company will lay only about two
miles of track at first, but later the
road will be extended to San Pablo
Park, and it is believed that the build
ing of this system is the initial step
toward an interurban railway between
Point Richmond and Oakland. The
road will be equipped with 35-foot
double end cars of the same pattern
as those now in use on the lines of
the Oakland Transit Consolidated and
the rolling stock and other equipment
will be thoroughly up-to-date.
The new corporation is capitalized at
$250,000. divided into 2500 shares, and
of this amount $2500 has already been
subscribed by the members of the
board of directors. They are: H. C.
Breedon, H. D. P'li'^ury, H. A. Byrnes,
D. G. Scoficld and W. S. Rheem.
The franchise for an electric road
secured some time ago by W. S. Rheem
has been turned over to the new cor
poration.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, F<>b. 22. — A merry party of
young people enjoyed the afternoon with Miss
Edna Sny-ier to-day, atwut forty of her friends
and classmates fronT Miss Horton's school
having been invited to pper.d the holiday at the
Snyiler residence, on. Fifteenth street.
The color scheme of decoration was yellow,
a i r. :u-i' :■. of junquila and acacia blossoms
snowing effectively against a background of
wootinardia u-rne. while trailing: stands of
smilax added a graeetul touch to the general
arrang?-n:tnt.
The young noste^s was herself attired In yel
low, lur Kown r«ing a dainty creation of point
d'esprit over taffeta, with a filmy lace yoke and
a wid<? rti>bon *a*h of . thf> same golden hue. •
The Kane of live hundred was enjoyed, the
score* Uln n - kepi on cards bt-aring prttty wafr
color sketches of colonial maidens.
Miss Blunder's guests were: Misses Lorette
White. Florence Karren. Kdith McAvoy, Jose
phiiu- anJ Angela' S&nfield. Cheryl Merrill,
Margarvt Seleon. Kdna Gunn. Helen Cadman.
Alice Uoyt. Hester Kowley, Vita Vincent, Fay
CbMpmin. Brs&u CoghlU, Mildred Ktpp. Sybil
Kipp. llf-s.>ie liiliott. Hope Matthews. Florence
and Mildred Monroe. Florence Treadwell.
Florence . Kurrcll. Katherine Barnee, Effle
Cotb. Gladys Courtain. Edna Lehnhardt, De
light and Uuth Woodbury, Irene Farrell, Helen
Themas, May Higzins. Genevieve Pratt, June
Connors. Grace SHilwell, Ida Dimmock, Flor
ence. Uuih. tii ace Cheek, Irma Hornberger and
Ruby Pcrnne. - .
• • •
The flirt annual concert of the Cambrian
Choral .Society lock place this evening at
Hamilton Hall, ll was quite an elaborate af
iaii and was U r the benefit of the Welsh
Church. Judge F. B. Ogden was chairman of
the evening ar,d the committee of arrangements
Included! Dr. T. A. Williams, chairman; E.
W. Jcnfs. K. M. Hughes, MWf Mabel C Will
iams and Mrs. Teffwen T. Daniel. The pro
gramme was as fellows:
PART I.
JMaro solo, "The Last Idea," Miss Annie
M. iiugbos; by the chairman. Judge
F. U. Og'jon; chorus (a), "Let the Hills Re
sound" tltfchiii-ds). (b), "Upturn Frcm the
Kev«-1" (Filby), «'ambrian Choral Society;
barytone mjIo (^elected). Lowell Redfield; male
<juartPt. "Bothyn ar y Tryn" <E. D. Williams),
.San Francisco Quartet; recitation (selected),
fcMjrar Thorn p? on; soprano solo, "Sunshine and ■
Rain" (Klumonthal). Misa Florence Davles; ,
duet. "Tii« Battle Kve" (Bonheur). Miss
SlaV-1 Williams and EL AV. Jnnes; contralto '
Roic <ai. "£«■<•, low, I Kring Thee Flowers"
d^arr.b^r:). (b). "The Slumber Hnat (Gaynor),
Mr*. Robert W. Foyle; recitation (selected).
Mrs. A. It. Dow; solo. "When the Lights Are
Turned Away Down Low" (.Spaulding), Master
Willie Jones.
PART II.
■ Piano solo, "Nearer, My God. to Thee,"
(KinK). Master 1'. lZlmtr Crow-hurst; mixed
quartet. "When l»By Fadee" (Parks). Cam
brian Quartet; soprano solo, "The Forjjet-M-?-
N'ot" (N<-I<l!ingor». Miss Jennie Gcekie; Ideal
j titiinp QuarUt (selected) Professor C. Pcder
sen. Hiss A. J. Williams, O. J. Williams and
Kd West; barytone solo (selectf-rt). Professor
dement P. Rowlands; recitation (selected),
Ed^ar Thomson: tf-r.or f<j!o (selected), James
l^iilinjr.- 1 ; bass to!o, "Th? Two Grenadiers"
; (Sfhurrran), O. J. Williams; recitation (se-
Uctrd). Mrs. A. R. Dow; mixed quartet, "Good
tCISfct, (Parks), Cambrian tjuartet.
• * • •
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Cotton - «>ntertalned a
500 card club at thrir liorac or. Vernon Heights
lapt Friday evening. The <-oT.y interior 01 the
residence was a m««s of spring blossoms.
Golden daffodils ami purpl" vio'rts gave gener
ously of their fragrance and beauty, while
!nwt. trr.Hin" sprays of huckleberry foliafco
climbed over the wide docrr.-ays or hung grace
fully from Indian basket*.
AftT the sampj a dainty collation was
served. Twenty- four guests enjoyed the even
i inu. Th« prise* for highest «;eorr-s were
i awarded to Felton Taylor and Mrs. Harry
Mtivin.
The meeting of th<? Linda Vista Club last
wee'* was postponed on account of the death
'if Mr?. \V. F. Kelly. Mr. and Mrs. K«?lly
I hive been m°mbers of the cliib sin^e itx'hp
pinning, nntf the 1oj«« of i-o cMeomed a:i h.hso
! date is rarity frit i>y !!w frkn<in who have
V>>-«-n handed together so long.
The- club will meet n^st tr«ek at Mrs. Win-
Vr. and Mrs. K. J. Cotton are going to
S?.nta Cruz to-morrow to remain a few days.
While there they will \I:;lt Mrs. Frod O.
Hlfcn, Mrs. Cotton's sister.
Ti-nK>rrmv evcnl&s th« l)extor-De Frcmery
reoj-a! talcs j>!ac* at Mi* ■ First Presbyterian
CbOTCh. It la n pprely invitational affair, and
as l>oth th'sft wrll-known muBicIans have hosts
of friends it. will probably be on<» of the Bea
ton's most brilliant musical events.
Alpha Beta Sigma Sorority tvns at home
from 4 to «; and 8 to lti last Thursday In
Berkeley; The la'llet; of the receiving party
were Mr«. Uerjamin I'lo Wh color. Mrs J C.
M'-rrlam. Jfrj< <;. It. Xoyes, Mri>. Clifton
Prioc. Mrs. G. H. Ciute. Mrs. A. K. Austin.
Tiie roans la^es of the BOrority are Lilian
Lowell. Grace McPherson, Martha Hlce. Kale
Foster, <»ertrud<i Davi.". \m Henderson Ethel
Clarko. Eva Marty. Mao Knight. Ada Snrere;
Celeste I^icostc. l"!flra MiHrr. Jeannette
Green. Helen Weeks. Hazel Skinner. Elizabeth
Morgan. Harriet I'lsh. Daisy Mnnsfleld. Anna
Wrcks. Farah Matthew. HeKx Galvln and Ber
nlct- McNcal.
Elect Directors for the Year.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — The Oakland
Poultry Association has elected the
following board of directors' for the
present year: J. C. Williams, W. H.
Wharft*. James Hague, Dr. C. M. Sel
fridge. J. W. Noble, L. N. Cobbledick
and John Russell. The officers of the
association will be chosen from these
to-morrow.
Fielder Bob Ganley Arrives.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22.— Bob Ganley,
the midget fielder of last year's Mil
waukee team, who has signed with
Pete Lohman for this season's Oak
land club, nrrived in this city this
morning. Ganley is a splendid fielder
and is also a good man with the
stick.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
IN COSTUME OF REVOLUTIONARY DAYS,
CO-EDS REVEL AT A COLONIAL BALL
Woman's Day at University of California, Though Outdoor Games
Are Prevented by Rains, Is Greatly Enjoyed— The Occident
Appears in Blue and Gold Covers and Filled With Clever Matter
BISHOP TELLS
OF CLUB WORK
Presents Views oil the Forma
tion of Auxiliaries Among
Episcopal Laity in Oakland
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Feb. 22.
The clergymen and representatives of
the laity from the Episcopal churches
of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley met
at St. Paul's Church in this city this
evening to formulate plans for the or
ganization of an Alameda County
branch of the Diocesan Church Club,
the men's organization of the Episcopal
church of this diocese.
The objects of the church club and
the method of organizing branches of
the general body were explained by
Bishop William Ford Nichols. The
Bishop told of the good work done by
the Diocesan Church Club in extending
the field, of the church, and' advocated
the formation of a single branch of the
organization in Alameda County, which
should elect a president and other of
ficers, the president to act as a vice
president of and be under the jurisdic
tion of the president of the Diocesan
Club.
The Rev. C. T. Walkley, rector of St.
Paul's, expressed the belief that the
work of organization could be more
quickly accomplished if a club was or
ganized in each of the parishes of the
county, the federation of these clubs
to form the Alameda County branch of
the Diocesan Club. The Rev. Edgar F.
Geo, rector of St. John's Chvirch, agreed
with Dr. Walkley as to the manner of
organization, as did the Rev. O. St.
John Scott, rector of St. Andrew's
Church. The Rev. W. M. Guthrie, rec
tor of Christ Church, Alameda, and the
Rev. Clifton Macon, rector of Trinity
Church, opposed the plan of forming a
separate club in each parish, agreeing
with the suggestion of the Bishop that
a single Alameda County branch be
first organized. The laymen present at
the meeting were almost equally di
vided as to the most feasible of the
two plans suggested.
A committee was appointed- to confer
with a committee^ from the San Fran
cisco branch of the Diocesan Club. The
members of the committee are B. Hay
den, F. M. French and L. J. Leconte.
The meeting adjourned to the call of
the committee chairman.
SUSPJ-XTKD 'NURSE'S
EMPLOYER IS DEAD
John S. Northfut, Whoae Check Was
Found In James Clark's Posses
sion, Reaches His End;
OAKLAND. Feb. 22. — John S.
Northcut, whose nurse, James Clark,
is in custody of the police under sus
picion of stealing a $100 check from
his ward, is dead at his residence, 507
Sixth street.
Clark was arrested Friday for
drunkenness, the check being found in
his possession. . Before Northcut died
he said two checks had been stolen
from him. Detective Kyte has. charge
of the . case, v^ vQ
Diamond Rings Stolen.
a'lAMBDA, Feb. 22. — Burglars still
continue to keep bus/ here. Lewis E.
Spear' of 1306 Sherman street has re
ported to the police that his residence
was entered last night and two dia
mond rings stolen. The thief evident
ly used a skeleton key in effecting: an
entrance, as no traces of a Jimmy were
found on the, door frames or window
Bills. This makes the fifth house rob
bery that has been reported to the po
lice within the last three days.
SOME OF THOSE WHO CON
TRIBUTED TO THE SUC
CESS OF THE BALL..
BERKELEY, Feb. 22.— Woman's day
at the University of . California was
spoiled for the outdoor games that had
been designed to mark it by the per
sistency of the clouds in shedding their
coats, but there were other things that
the raindrops couldn't dampen. For
instance, the co-eds outwitted the storm
god when they got their number of
The Occident from the press this morn
ing and again this evening when they
put the walls and roof of Hearst Hall
between themselves and the wrathful
elements and danced their colonial
dances for hours. So that after all,
while there are some regrets for basket
ball and tennis there are none for the
rest of the day's pleasantries. *
The Occident dress-paraded in a new
blue coat with gold trimmings and a
medallion on its breast. The medallion
bore the bust of a pretty girl by Miss
Camille Johnstone. The other illustra
tions were "At Sunset," by Miss John-
Ptone, showing the university library at
evening, and "Under the Oaks," by
I\Wss Marion Morrow. /
I'OWDKHED WIG AM) MINUET.
Miss Virginia WhJtehead edited this
Occident and she was helped by the
Misses Abby Waterman, Belle Cooper;
Sybil Jones. Greta Augustine, Sophie
Engelhardt, Marion Burness, Kather
ine Hershey, Essie Tobriner, Martha
Rice, Katherine Smith, Alice Phillips
and Eduarda Howard, all of whom had
more or less to say In the pages of the
paper. The contributions were made
under the following titles:
"Rise, Dust," Anna Kalfus Spero,
"The Lost Lead," Abby L. Waterman;
"July In the San_ Joaquin,", Irma Weill;
"The Stunt of the Chaperone," Sybil
Jones; "Destiny," Belle Cooper; "Her
Portrait," Pearl Pitcher; "Earth
Voices," Jessie M. Wybro; "Hobgbb
blins" and a sketch, Greta Augustine;
"An Incident," Pearl' Pitcher; "Collegi
ate Alumnae," Mabel Craft Deering;
"The Violet," Katherine Hershey;
"Concerning 0020." Teddy Howard.
Hearst Hall to-night might have been
Fanuell Hall or the old State House or
any other revolutionary hallof patriot
ism for all of Ub colonial gowns ami
colonial decorations. It v.-as the scene
of a colonial ball and It bore all the
accessories in the way of powdered
wigs, minuets, spinning wheela and
PRETTY BOOTHS. .
There were five pretty booths in
which things were sola. From. the
Puritan booth, decorated with, white
paper and fruit blossoms, candies were
vended by pretty girls in Puritan dress.
The Occident booth, with its pink and
green bunting, held the editors of the
Woman's day^edition . of the periodical,
who gold the numbers at a brisk rate.
The colonial booth was 'a mass of
American flags \ and green foliage, be
hind which a crowd of Daughters of
the Revolution served icecream. The
Indian booth was a canvas tent, set
off with Navajo blankets that looked
BOLD BURGLAR
BUSY AS A BEE
Half a Dozen Residences in
Golden Gate Arc Plundered
in Less Than a fortnight
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broad way^ Feb. 22. ,
A burglar operating in Golden Gate
added one more raid layt night to the
roll that has reached a total of six for
that section *within less than two
weeks. The half-dczen crimes were
confined to two streets and four of the
burglaries were committed in resi
dences almost adjoining each other on
Marshall avenue. The other two were
in close by houses on Fremont avenue.
The list to date follows:
February 9 — Residence of V. II. Terry, ?S72#
Marshall avenue, gold. watch and locket stolen.
February I) — Residence of E. L. Ely. 5671
Marshall avenu* $5 75 and a watch taken.
February 20— Residence of W. P. Fine. 5871
Marshall avenue. $9 stolen.
February 20 — Residence of W. C. Vlnell,
CSCT Marshall avenue. $15 15 taken.
February* 20 — Residence of Thomas Plcton,
6871 Fremont avenue. $1 35 stolen.
February 21 — Residence of B. A. Stone. CSSS
Fremont avenue, entered. m but nothing missed.
Though the total value of property
and money taken is not large, the
neighborhood is in a state of . alarm
over the frequency of the nightly vis
its. The police detail in the district
has been Increased in the hope that a
captureWill be made.
In some cases the houses were ran
sacked during the family's absence. In
others the intruder worked so carefully
that sleeping inmates were not dis
turbed. Comparisons show that the
methods of entrance were similar in
each buYglary, the thief finding a con
veniently unlocked window. He has
left no trace of himself.
+— — — *
soft and inviting and where cooling
drinks of , lemonade were drunk by
thirsty dancers. The Dutch booth was
a creation in blue, white and red, the
Dutch colors.
\ The majestic march of the revelers
began at 9 o'clock, with John W. Geary
and Miss Alma Barnet. The booths
emptied their eons and daughters of the
revolution into this long stream of hu
manity and helped to swell the num
bers. Then the line disintegrated into
pairs; who danced away to the strains
of music for long hours. ,
COMMITTEES IN CHARGE.
The committees in charge were made
up as follows:
General committee-^Mteses Faith Hhoup. Grac«
Arnelll, Belle CoolldKe, Lucretia Crops, Louisa
Ehrman, Zoe Zurtraan, Virginia "Whltehead,
Florence Fortsp n, Sophia Treadwell, Nina W'oi
lenberg. Mamte Purand, Alice Tucker. Miss
Bonestol, Celeste La Coste. Alma Barnett.
Puritan, booth — Belle Coolldge. Mary OrU
wold; France* Buffard, ; Grace Mosher, Hazel
HobBon, Helen- Staple*, I^oulse Reltl. Loulre
Bauer, Hazel Skinner, Alva Earle, Ann Thatch
er. Grace Derby, Hllrna Jones.
- Dutch booth— 'Lucretla Gross. Alice O'Con
rtell, Charlotte Case, Carmel Rlley, AUce Sen
ger, ,Eva Martz, Add 8hreve, Loratne Cerf,
Eleanor Gassoway. Alice Berry, Beatrice Need-
ham, Effle Croll
Colonial booth— Elizabeth Arnelll, Louise
Ehrman, Eve Gray. Beatrice Snow. Edna Wild,
Clara Walton, Phoebe Blnney, Myrtle Sims,
Florence Ward. Sara McLean, Rublna Jesa.
Edna CurtlJMi. Mary Lynch.
■ Indian 'booth — Misses Zee Zartman, Mabel
Scofleld, Marlon Leale, Henrietta Wade, Ce-
Imte L* Coste, Edna Keyes, Helen. Weeks, Zo»
Rtley, -Lena Stanijberg, Ada Johnson, Nelll"
Willis, Johanna Pruitt.
! nec-eption— Mireea Mary Martenstetn, GUdya
-Wickson. Gladys Meyer, Grace Foulds. , Pearl
Pitcher, Hasel McGraw, Jeaele Parks, Blancht*
Cameron.' Elsa McLaren, Franklin Jones, Edith
Wllcox. Adelaide Bartlett. Isa Henderson. Har
riet Fish,* Alice Johnson, Marion Burnes*,
Josephine Campbell.
HOWARD'S FATE
URGES INQUIRY
Brother of the Late Captain
Seeks Information of Offi
cials Regarding the Deceased
WRITES THROUGH LAWYER
Letters Revive Interest in the
Death of Man. Whose Body
Was Found Near an Old Barn
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
. 7> 2143 Center Street. Feb. 23.
• Interest in the. fate of the late
Thomas Howard, about which there
was so much speculation laat summer
when his body was found near a
barn in West Berkeley, was revived to
day when letters of inquiry were re
ceived by the Morgue and police offi
cials of Berkeley from the attorneys of
relatives in the East.
At the time of Captain Howard's
death it was supposed that his only
relatives were his wife and children
and E. "W. Turner, a nephew, all of
Victoria. Now it turns out that there
Is another relative in Chicago— a
brother, named Arthur Howard.
Through his attorney, F. B. Crossly,
secretary of the Northwestern Univer
sity Law School, this brother is seek
ing information of Captain Howard.
Crossly's letter to Town Marshal Kerns
follows: . i
"City Marshal, Berkeley— Dear Sir: I
am making: an effort to discover one
Captain John. Howard, who "was found
dead in your jurisdiction- on or about
Saturday, July 18, 1903, and who was a
brother of a client of mine. I bear to
request of "you any information you
may be ai>le to furnish as to Mr. How
ard's family or relatives or his home.
"F. B. CROSSLY."
In a letter to Deputy ■ Coroner
Streightif, Attorney Crossly says that
he had asked for information of Tur
ner, Captain Howard's nephew, but haa
been refused. He proposed then, he
said, to appeal to the Victoria police tot
the information.
It is understood that the Eastern
relative does not intend to go into the
details as to Captain Howard's death,
as the Coroner's jury settled all contro
versy over that question when it
brought in a verdict of suicide.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. 22.— The intercollegiate
debating committee submitted to Stanford to
day the question that will be discussed at the
next Intercollegiate debate. It' Is. "Resolved,
that In cities of the United States of more
than 4O.CCO inhabitants a system of municipal
government concentrating the executive and
administrative powers in the Mayor should be
adopted." ! Stanford will have until Monday
to decide which side of the question It will
defend. The contestants will then have until
April 23 to prepare, as the contest Is sched
uled for that date In the Alhambra Theater.
San Francisco. It Is practically certain thai
Max Thelen and J. P Lucey will be two
members of the team, while the third will b«
chosen after' a series of preliminary debates.
Thelen has already defended the college In
two Intercollegiate debates and won a Carnot
medal and • Lucey was awarded the palm at
the last Carnot contest. '
The expedition of astronomers sent out under
the patronage of D. O. Mills to establish a
number of Instrument? for observation in
Chile has begun the installation of the plant
near Santiago. Every attention is being shown
the scientists, by the Chileans, and the object
of the expedition will be accomplished without
delay. The - scientists hope to ascertain
through -these new Instruments the velocity .of
the brighter stars In the southern hemisphere.
The Women's Boat Club has purchased a
Japanese boat, the Ellida. from Dr. E. G.
Shuey for the sum of $100 and practice will
begin as soon as the weather clears. The boat
Is now at Peterson's boathouse on the Oak
land estuary and It Is there that the rowing
will be done. <
Porch Climbers Still in Jail.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 22.— Harry Knox
and Ernest Schultz, the boy porch
climbers, who were arrested here Fri
day morning, are still detained in the
City Prison, pending action on the part
of the Juvenile Court, which is to take
the lads in hand. • Knox was visited
yesterday by his father, W. C. Knox,
who is employed at a sugar refinery
in San Francisco. He made no effort
to obtain the release q$ his son and ap
peared content to allow the law to
take Its course, j
Death of Mrs. A. G. Gurnett.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — Mrs. A. G.
Gurnett, wife of the late A. G. Gurnett,
n. prominent early Californian, died to
night at the family residence, 1278 Fourth
avenue. Mrs. Gurnett survived her
husband a year. Her death was
caused by typhoid fever.
The Local Rainfall.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — The local
rainfall for the last forty-eight hours
was .67 of an inch, making a total for
the season of 17.67 Inches, as com
pared with 16.08 to the same date last
year.
CELEBRATE OPEXIXG OF
ST. PETER'S BOYS' SCHOOL
Father Yorkc Delivers Address on the
Subject of Christian Education
for Boys.
In celebration of the completion of
the St. Peter's boys' schoolhouse an en
tertainment and a lectufe by Father
Yorke were given last evening.
The new building is situated on Ala
bama street, a few doors below St.
Peter's Church, and In addition to the
classrooms is equipped with a large
auditorium, to be used for parish en-
tertainments.
Father Torke congratulated Father
Casey and his parish on the
great progress that has been
made, not alone in the erection of the
new building, but in the many other
improvements of the church. In the
course of his remarks last evening he
explained the advantages of a school
such as will be conducted in the new
edifice over the public school system,
tvhere children of different creeds are
assembled.
"Practical education," said Father
Yorke, "can be obtained in any of our
city schools, but what we want our
children to have is a Christian educa
tion, and it is with this Idea that our
new school is' about to be opened."
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Feb. 22. — The body of
Senator Hanna was not placed tn the vault to
day as had been expected. Mrs. Hanna is still
too unwell to ko from her van's home and fur
thcr burial arrangements have not been made.
BRANCH OFFICES
OP THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTS
OAKIiAXD.
fllS Broad vraj.
Telephone Main 1083,
BEFLKELEY.
tt-18 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth ?T.
L ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eajlo 502.
SEES KINIRY
AFTER MURDER
Portuguese Dairyman Says That
the Slayer of Policeman James
Smith Called at His Home
DESCRIPTION FITS ACCUSED
Mysterious Visitor Awakens J.
Alameda Late on the Night
the Crime Was Committed
Oakland Office San Francisco Oall,
1113 Broadway, Feb. 23.
When David Klnlry, th© murderer of
Police Officer Jamei II. Smith, left
this city after the shooting of the
brave patrolman at Fourteenth and
Jackson streets. It Is believed that h*
struck across the Contra Costa hills
tn the direction of Walnut Creek.
stopping at the home of J. Alameda,
about midnight, to Inquire th* way to
that place.
Alameda owns a small tfairy and
vegetable garden on the Redwood
Canyon road near the Bridges ranch,
and he says that near midnight on the
night that Officer Smith was murdered
a man answering the description of
Klnlry stopped at his house and awoke
him to ask the way to Walnut Creek.
Alameda told the man that there was
no direct road to Walnut Creek from
his place, but said that he could di
rect him so that he could reach that
place. The mysterious visitor then
asked if he would strike the railroad
at Walnut Creek, and when told that
he would he said something about
wanting to keep away from railroads
and left.
The description that Alameda gives
of his midnight visitor tallies with
the description of the murderer, even
to the striped sweater Klniry wore on
the night of the shooting. The man
was carrying a small grip and was
evidently a stranger in that neighbor
hood. The lateness of the hour and
the fact that after dark there is very
little travel on the Redwood road
caused Alameda to remember the
visit of the mysterious unknown, but
as the dairyman is unable to read
English he knew nothing about the
shooting of Patrolman Smith until
the news was told him by one of his
countrymen from this city. The de
scription of the murderer as recited
by Alameda's friend exactly fitted the
mysterious caller at the Alameda res
idence on the night of the murder.
It is supposed that when Kiniry
went back to the Steadman residence
after the shooting he secured the grip
and then went through Piedmont and
Jack Hays Canyon to the Redwood
Canyon road and, becoming confused,
stopped to ask his way.
Property Owners to Organize.
OAKLAND, Feb. 22. — Property
owners and residents of Piedmont will
meet to-morrow evening at Oak Cha
pel, Linda avenue, near Piedmont, to
organize an improvement club.
Light Earthquake Shock.
OAKLAND. Feb. 22. — An earth
quake shock which lasted two sec
onds occurred at 3 o'clock this morn-
Ing:. The disturbance was light.
Little Elmer— Papa, what is a trust?
Professor Broadhead — A trust, my son.
is a large amount of wealth surrounded
by envy.— Harper's Bazar.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For Long Journeys
To invigorate and fortify
the system for exertion use
UEBBG
Extract of Beef
Far better as a refresher
and stimulant than alcohol.
A Bracer without reaction.
Artificial Teeth at Cost,
We guarantee to fit the hardest
mouths and furnish a serviceable,
natural-looking set of teeth for the
mere cost of material. Teeth With-
out Plates a Specialty. Gold, Silver
and Bone Fillings.'
EXTRACTION FREE.
CLEANING TEETH FREE.
PAINLESS METHODS.
GRADUATES ONLY.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundavs, 0 to I.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
S*a Trancisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wasklartan Street-
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacrwa«ato— 407 J Strotl.
910
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE POLO FIELD AND COURSING SWARD
OARSMAN FIRST
IN HANDICAP
Favorite Gets Away With the
Honors at Ascot Park, Beat
ing Rag Tag Ont by a Nose
WINNER SETS NEW RECORD
Covers Mile in 1:3934, Which
Is the Fastest Time for the
Instance on the New Track
I,OS ANGELAS, Feb. 22 — A large
holiday crowd visited Ascot to-day,
whore the Riverside handicap, with
$1000 afided money, a sweepstakes for
three-year-olds and upward at a mile, |
was the feature. Kempner's good horse.
Oarsman, a 7 to 5 favorite, won by a
rose from Rag Tag, with Nitrate third.
The time was l:39%i which is the best
made thus far over Ascot track.
Rag Tag was second choice in the
betting and a large sum went In on
his chances. Durnell's entry. Nitrate
and Golden Rule, at S to 1. was fairly
veil supported In the books.
Favorites were successful in the ma
jority of the races and the public took
home a snug sum of the strong boxes
of the bookmakers.
El Otros, at 5 to 1, ridden by Hilde-
V>rand. won the first race for two-year
olds, In a gallop. Hilona, the favor
ite, was second and Birelia third. Co-
Jumbia Girl took the second race at one
mile, Iras second and Milas third. The
winner was bought in by Durnell at
fSOO, which is $400 above the entered
prlMntr price.
The third brought out fpurteen ordi
r.ary ones, with Annie Robinson favor
ite. Durbar won, Chief Aloha second
and I^dy Fonse third. The fifth was
captured by Nannn. equal favorite with
Faille Goodwin, at 2 to 1. Criss Cross,
the 7 to l> favorite, was seco:.;i and
Maroja third. Hildebrand rode his
third winner in the last race, bringing
"5n Elfin King, the favorite, nine lengths
ahead of Glennevis, with Dolly Hay
man third. Weather p<*rf>et: track
fast. Summary:
Flirt rare, four furlongs, purre — El Otro*.
303 <JIi!debranc». . r > to 1. won; Hllcna, 110
.Prior) 7 to .'.. second; Pireiia. 100 (Mountain).
2 to 1. third. Tim*-. :49. Pireiia and Lady
Rlanton eouj/.ed in betting. Huckster, Hodi,
"I>-v<m B and Auro alro ran.
Second race, on*- mile, Felling — Columbia
Girl. !W> (Johnson). « to 5, won: Iras, in? (Red
fem), 5 to 1, second: MilaF. 110 (F. Kelly), V,
to 1 third. Time. 1:41 UcGrathiana Prince,
Turtle. Blue Miracle, Ut-SFie Wflfly and Dupont
a!F<"> ran.
Third rare. P'.aurcn course, soiling — Durbar.
I>2 (J. L*>wis). 5 to 2. won: Chief Aloha. 109
• FVirht), f» to 1. Ffccond: La^y Fonw. 1»2 fAn
<1er*on) 15 to 1. third. Time. 1:11. Fl«ia,
< •oll.-~n' Hawn, Ollrllo, M«-teora. Jack Richelieu
Jr.. Judpe Xapton, Jim Gore II. Sceptre, inro
]<-nff, Annie Robinson ani I^ady Rice also ian.
Fourth race, one mile, the Riverside handi
cap. $1000 added — Oarsman. 12<: (Wondtrly),
7 to r> won; llae Tar. Krs ( Hildebrand). 11 jo
f.. second; Nitrate. im» <Redfern), S to 1. third.
Time. 1:39%. Nitrate eni Golden Kule
coupled. Golden Rule, M. F. Tarpey. Bragg
anri Grail also ran.
Fifth rp.ee. Plavi^on course, Felling— N'ancn.
IflS (HUdebraad). 2 to 1. won: CTtM Cross. 110
(Mountain) .'! to 2. second: Maresa. 110 (Prior).
1L' U 1. third. Time. 1:11'*. Silver Fir. Em
fhf«s TT!isb*\ fal'.ie Goodwin and Pir Christo
pher also rari.
Fixth race, seven furlor^F. handicap — Elfin
K:nr. :)7 (Illldebrand), T> to 2. won: Glennevis,
TiS inedfrrn), 3 to 1. second; Dolly Hayman.
f-r» (Lowe). 8 to 1. tlyrd. Time. 1 :2S. Gloriosa,
IJiiFsful and C. B. c'ampbell also ran.
Vow OrloaiK Result"
;\r^v» unu.A.\ti, i to. •:_. — <_rrfcrni <^uy
summary;
First race, five furloncs — Leila won, Marl*
tana j«>cond. Mammon third. Time, 1:06%.
Second race, wiling, six furlongs—Our Lilly
won, Bronx second, Lady Free Knight third.
Time, 1:161-5.
Third race, two-year-olds, half rr.lle— Arch
Oldham won, Dixie Lad second, Isabella IJ
ttlrd. Time. :49.
Fourth raw. George Washington handicap,
mile and twenty yards — De Reszke won, Mau-
Fer *e<-ond. Tribe"* Hill third. Time, 1:43 4-5.
Fifth race, pelling, one mile and seventy
yard* — Gravina won. Hud Embry second. Em
igre third. Time. 1 :47.
sixth race, Fis and a half furlongs—Red
mnn won. Arachne s<><-ond, I^ady Radnor third.
Tim» 1 :21 .'{-.V
POOLROOMS OF ST LOUIS
OPEN DESPITE* WARRANTS
Sheriff Crowe of Alton Arrests Chief of
Police and Officers and Son of
• Major Pat Coyle.
ET. LOUIS, Feb. 22. — Notwithstand
ing the service of nine warrants on
policemen and poolroom attaches as a
result of the riots in Madison. 111., Fri
day, the poolrooms opened this after-
Boon at the usual hour, with Police-
B*n McCambridge and Street on
gruard. The attendance was larger
than on Saturday, many who stayed
away Saturday seemingly having re
palned courage. Everything was quiet
tnd the was brisk.
"Warrants were served to-day by
Sheriff Crowe of Alton on Chief of
Police McCambridge, Policemen John
Meehan and William Street and Wil
liam Coyle, son of Mayor Pat Coyle.
Six of the warrants were against Mee
han, who Is charged -with false im
prisonment in five warrants and with
liberating a prisoner in the sixth.
Street and McCambridge are charged
with resisting an officer and Coyle
with attempted murder.
ADVEBTISEMENTS*
i ■ CELEBRATCO
tofc STOMACH ,£>
B womanly ills it is impossible
a better medicine than the Bit-
By restoring functional regu-
larity it cures Sick Headache, Bloat-
ing, Backache, Cramps and Vomiting.
Jt also positively cures all stomach
complaints. We urge a fair trial.
CUTLERY
EVERY.BLAraRRANTEQ
COURSERS SHOW
TO ADVANTAGE
Triple Stake Event at Union
Park Interests Crowd and
Affords Some Exciting Sport
FULL MOON WINS EASILY
Angus Cissns Captures Belle
Brandon Cup and Pocatelli
Lands the Consolation Stake
Interest and enthusiasm ran high
amon? the large crowd at Union
Coursing Park yesterday afternoon
and the big triple event— Belle Bran
don Cup, California Plate and Consola
tion stakes-brought out some of the
fastest ones that have been seen in
action for many moons. The Belle
Brandon Cup event went to Angus
Cissus, Pocatelli captured the Conso
lation stake and Full Moon won the
California Plate from Tillie R by de
fault.
When the fourth round of the latter
stake had been run down, only four of
the best hounds remained, Tillie R,
FuU Moon, Mount Rose and Sea Lion.
Sacramento Boy went out in the first
course after a great run against Tillie
R, and Mount Rose easily lowered the
colors of the speedy Palo Alto by a
score of 11 to 4.
Mount Rose was withdrawn after
his run with Palo* Alto and Tillie R
got a bye in the first round. Full Moon
outpointed Sea I Aon handily and much
interest was centered in the course
between him and Tillie R. But Tillie
was worked hard all day anc\ the day
before also, so her owner, W. T.
Iiaught, was forced to withdraw her
and therefore forfeited the stake to
Full Moon.
Flower Girl was the favorite all the
way through for the honors in the
Belle Brandon stake. But Angus Cis
sus proved to be a dark horse and kept
t-orning strong all the time. He had
everything his own way up to the final
round and when he went up against
the favorite he led her all the way and
won 'he stake as he pleased.
The Consolation stake was a hotly
contested affair and nearly every
course was a wonder for excitement.
Pocatelli, the favorite, was there all
the time and won without much effort.
It looked from the first as though he
v.ruld be up against Ragtime or Lord
Brazen for the stake. Brazen beat
Ragtime in the semi-final run, but
whfn he went up against Pocatelli he
looked like a third rater and never
scored a point. Following are the re
sults with Judge P. J. Reilly's official
scores:
Belle Brandon cup ctakes. eecond round —
Peoretive beat S.cco. ll-'J: Flower Girl beat
Kory Avick. 14-.'I; Uttle Freda beat Sonny
hrook. 4-"; Sampler beat I/ampre Eel, 14-0;
T. C. Watson brat Mtnlo Queen. 6-2; Ina
<*!sfus brat Bright Future, 15-10; D It beat
Glitter, ly-::; Angus Ciffus beat Young Tom
my R, C-<>; J R beat Kokono. 2-0.
Third round — Flower Girl beat Secretive,
10-7: L-ittle Freda b«at Sampler, 11-1; Ina Cis
raa beat T. C Wat<=on, 13-4; Angus Cissus beat
1> R. «;-4; J R a bye. Young Tommy R with
drawn.
Fourth round— Flower Girl beat Little Fre
da. S-2; J It beat Ina C1f»U!«, 10-3; Angus CIs
£us a bye.
Fifth round — Angus Cissus beat J R, 15-3;
Flower Girl a bye.
Deciding course — Angus Cissus beat Flower
Girl, 13-:!.
Consolation stake, first round — Silver Heels
beat Honest John. 10-2; Arr.andan beat Plough
man, ti-:i; Cloudburst beat Apple Blossom,
19-G; Racing Billy a bye: Little Plunger beat
Joe Patha, 12-5; Pocatelli beat Free From
Flaw. 7-4; Conroy beat Haphazard, ti-4; Rac
ing Auto b^at Colored I-ady, «-:<; Ragtime
beat Texas Betty. 14-11; Our Motto beat Cel
tic. S-G; J K H beat Crawford Belle, lli-U:
Boots a bye. L. I, C withdrawn; Lost Chord
beat Tom King. (J-l ; Tralee Boy beat Galvea
ton. 8-1: Comstock beat Rollo Will?, 4-2; Lord
Brazen beat Liberator, C-0.
Second round — Amandan beat Silver Heel?
7-fi; Cloudburst beat Racing Billy. 9-6: Po
catelli beat Little Plunder, 1O-0; Conroy
beat Racing Auto, 12-10; Ragtime beat Our
Motto. 5-2; J E H beat Boots. 6-5; Lost Chord
beat Tralee Boy. 4-2; Lord Brazen beat Com-
Etock, 13-4.
Third round— Cloudburst beat Amandan, 11-3:
Pocate!!! beat Conroy. C-0; Ragtime beat J
E H, 10-4; I>ord Brazen beat Lost Chord, 8-3.
Fourth round — Pocatelli beat Cloudburst,
6-5; Lord Brazen beat Ragtime. 3-0.
Deciding course — Pocatelli beat Lord
Brazen. 2S-0.
California Plate «take, fourth round— Tillie
n beat Sacramento Boy, 14-11; Mount Rose
beat Palo Alto. 11-4; Kea Lion beat Reta S,
C-3; Full Moon beat Gambit. 12-2.
Fifth round— Tillie K a bye. Mount Rose
■withdrawn: Full Moon beat Sea Lion. 7-4.-
Deciding course — Full Moon won by default,
Tillie R withdrawn.
IIAKLEAX GLADYS COLLAPSES.
Courser Falls on Field at Inglesldc
Under Suspicious Circumstances.
Frank Jones* celebrated courser Har
lean Gladys collapsed on the field at
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday and
was carried in a dying condition to
the kennels. The opinion of nine out
of ten of the spectators present was
that the dog had been doped, and cir
cumstances certainly warranted the
suspicion. A full Investigation will be
made and it augurs not well for some
of the trainers, who are liberal In the
dispensing of sure thing "preps."
Outside attractions hurt the attend
ance at the park. The small crowd
present was well rewarded by some
good coursing. Toward the last there
was not as much as a look in, for the
prevailing fog obscured everything
from view. »
Reckless. Acrobat . won the- deciding
course from Harlean Gladys after an
undecided in a long course. Relief
dogs were sent out, but It took them
quite a while to even sight the hare.
I Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores
Open stake, eecond round — Red Rock beat
Bonnie Pasha. 8-C; Jerry Wright beat Maid of
the Glen. 4-.'5; Tralee Lass beat Troublesome,
3-0; Menlo Prince beat Medley. -6-1; Viking
beat Frisco Lad. 8-5; Mollle Me beat Frisky
Barbara. 7-1; High Bom beat Vina. 6-4; Rich
Argosy beat Pepper Hill. 4-0; Don Pedro beat
General Dcwet. 2-0; Balendlne beat Bob R,
5-4; Harlean Gladys beat Money Musk. 7-4;
Little Lucy beat Topsy Turvy. 10-1; Equator
beat Lily York. 6-0; Queen's Motto beat Black
Coon. 10-6; Reckless Acrobat beat Imperious,
»>-0; Pasha Pleasant beat Silver Cloud, 5-0;
Wedgewood beat Yellow Tail. 60; Anna Ryne
beat Our Minnie. 12-5. #
Third round— Jerry Wright beat Red Rock,
8-5; Menlo Prince beat Tralee Lass, 9-5;
Viking beat Mollie Me. 13-8; Rich Arjrosy
beat High Born. 0-0; Don Pedro 'beat Bal
t-ndine. ".-2; Harlean Gladys beat Little Lucy,
5-3; Equator beat Queen's Motto. 13-11; Reck
less Acrobat beat Pasha Pleasant. 7-6; Anna
Ryne beat Wedgewood. C-0. . ■
Fourth round — Menlo Prince i beat Jerry
Wrijrht. 4-."; Viking beat Rich Argosy, 21-8;
Harlean Gladys beat Don Pedro. '5-0; Reckless
Acrobat a bye: Anna Ryne a bye.
Fifth round — Menlo Prince a bye; Harlean
Gladys beat Anna Ryne, 6-0; Reckless Acrobat
a bye.
Sixth round — Reckless Acrobat beat Menlo
Prince. C-0; Harlean Gladys a bye.
Deciding course — Reckless Acrobat beat liar
lean Gladys. l'J-2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
BOMBARDIER, PILOTED BY WILLIE SEE,
CAPTURES THE RICH CALIFORNIA DERBY
Frank 'Skinner's Three-Year-Old Is a 10 to I Shot in the Betting.
Judge Beats the Even Money Favorite Formaster Out for the
Place, but Is Disqualified for a Foul and Placed Last 1 by Judges
SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FAST RACEHORSE THAT WON THE RICH CALIFORNIA DERBY
STAKE AT THE OAKLAND TRACK YESTERDAY AFTERNOON," AND THE GAME LITTLE JOCKEY
WHO PILOTED HIM TO A WELL EARNED VICTORY.
Nearly 8000 people saw the seventh
California Derby run at Oakland track
yesterday. In fact, it was a much
larger gathering than that which
cheered Modicum when he came home
winner of the Burns Handicap at
Ineloside. Rain fell at intervals and
the track was very sloppy, though pos
sessing a hard bottom. The field which
contested for the rich prize, worth
$2725 to the first horse, was reduced to
four starters by the owners of Alendon
and Ananias resorting to the scratch
ing process. Then nine out of every
ten figured the race a, certainty for
Formaster, the entry of Boots & Hol
lenbeck, which ruled an even-money
favorite. Frank Skinner's Bombardier
furnished the surprise. Superbly rid
den by Willie See and S and 10 to 1 in
the betting, he made all the running
and passed the judges two and a half
lengths l.efore Judfre. One and a half
Jengths further back followed the fa
vorite, and next Toledo. Just after
passing the stand the first time Bull
man, on Formaster, while trying to
pass between Bombardier and Judge,
was cut off by Johnny Daly, astride the
latter, and again on the far turn Bull
man claimed Daly interfered with his
mount. Pullman lodged a complaint
of foul with the 3udges, which was al
lowed, and Mike Daly's black colt was
placed last. This action gave Formas
ter the place and moved Toledo into
third, hole.
Although an outsider, the winner
was well supported and his victory wa*
a decidedly popular one. Owned by
Frank Skinner, the well-known news
paper man, Bombardier, which has dis
played striking improvement of late, is
trained by Tobe Ramsey, the big Ok
lahoma turfman.
Despite the rain and slushy footing
some fine sport was witnessed. Mo
gregor and El Piloto were the only
winning favorites. The betting ring was
packed to suffocation with spectators.
Vanderbout, the apprentice recently
secured by Dell Fountain, left the
maiden jockey class in the introductory
sprint on Cousin Carrie. Because of
her rider being an unknown quantity
the mare's odds went from 6 to 25 to 1.
Away fourth she soon showed in the
lead and won all the way. Sir Tom
Tiddler, the even-money favorite, ran
second throughout, beating old Pat
Morrissey less than a length for the
place. Handpress and Flaneur per
formed indifferently.
Mogregor, the 13 to 10 favorite for
the two-year-old scramble, earned a
nose decision over Gloomy Gus. The
latter closed very strong and would
have scored in another stride or so.
Steel Wire, the second choice, finished
third. Norinne, the Napa Stock Farm
entry, showed early speed, but it was
her first trip to the barrier and she
tired perceptibly the last part of the
race.
Another favorite registered first In
the six and a half furlong selling num
ber. El Piloto, ridden by Buxton and
2 to 1 in the* ring, passed Ocyrohe in
the stretch and at the wire disposed
of Meehanus in clever fashion., I Know
lost the show to Ocyrohe by nearly a
length.
Stuart made no mistakes with Caro
nal this particular trip in the mile and
fifty-yard selling affair. The St. Carlo
horse was quoted at 5 to 1 and simply
spreadeagled his company. At the
wire Rey Dare, the runner up, was
seven lengths away, with Cloche; d'Or
third, six lengths farther back. Then
followed G. W. Trahern, the 7 to 5
favorite.
Walter Jennings' Leader was defeat-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND BACETBACK — MONDAY. <> Feb. *22.^Wcather rainy. Track sloppy.
my-'. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $^2.">.
Indexf Horse and Owner. Wt|St'. '/* . "vT- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. i Op. CK
r.SCO [Cousin Carrie. (> (Burger Co.) 5)5 4 ... 1 'A 1 1 1 l'Jl 1 iVandrbout « 25
(t;02(!)!sir T. Tiddler, fi (M J. Daly) 111 1 ... 2 % 2 1^2 1 2 =i J. Daly 6-5 t
6860 I Pat Morrissey. a (Wellman).. 102 3 ... 3 n 3 Mi 3 V/ 3 :\ 1% Holbrook .. 20 30
<1jO78)| Handpress. a (Magrane) 10S 2 . . . 4 1 4 n 4 n 4 n J. Martin.. :i 0-2
(«(f»S)! Flaneur C (C. McCafferty) . . t(KI r. ... 5 l'« 1^5 1 5 4 Roach I 2' 3
50<i8 iBenlaph. 4 (L, Jeuness) 1)5 H ... «n «n «n fin Travers ... 20 5»
5Kl. r . iRomaine 4 (Murray & Co.).. !>4 S . . . 7 n S S 7 »£ IWripht ! S IS
•5401 jGalanthus, 6 (Mrs. Coffey). . .|105 7 ... 8 7 2 7 1 8 JBuxton | 1-' 25
Time— :24' a . M9. 1:12. At post >~i minute. Off at 2:14H. Carrie, place. S; show. 3. Tid
dler, place. 1-2; show. 1-4. Pat, show, 4. Winner, ch. m. by Midlothian-Sister Mary.
Trained by G. Burger. Scratched — Nullah. Cherries, ■ Saintly. Alice Carey. Bard Burn3.
Start good. Won easily. Next three driving. Cousin Carrie recovered her former con
signment of speed and that is all there was to it. Sir Tom Tiddler has a game leg.
Pat Morrissey ran hi* race. Handpress probably did his best. Flaneur not overbur
drned with speed. Romalne weakly ridden. *I^os Angeles index 6061.
CI2,'{, SECOND RACIS— Three and a half furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to'flrst. $025.
Indexl Hors« and Owner. IWt'St. U . Vj. ?; . Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
6087 'Mogregor (Hianchi & Co.) 110 t 1 l>(,2favil ns I.I. Martin.. 8-5 13-10
0075 Oloomy Gus (B &W.) 107 2 4 »i 4 B 2 5 Bell 4 4
(IHI75) Steel Wire (H. Stover* IO»| 3 .1 h 3 n .12 See I 7-5 O-T.
Norinne (Napa Stock Farm).. 107| 5 2 n In 4 (> J. T Shehnl 30 30
6000 ITar Flat (San Joarjuln Stable>;iO2| 4 5 5 5 Knapp I 20 40
Time — :24Vj. :43V>. At post l'.j minutes. Off at 2:41 1 s. Mogregor. place. 2-5: show. out.
Gus. place. 4-5; show out. Wire, show. 1-4. Winner, b. c. by Mount McGregor II-
Mode) II. Trained by O. A. Rtanchl. Start poor. Won In a hard drive of two. Third
easily. Martin on winner got away first and this won for him. Gloomy Gus was
best. Steel Wire ran a fair race. Norinne had early speed.
«>ia4. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; Belling; .".-year-olds and up; to first. *.".25.
Index! Horse and OwnerT" U . v7. % . Str. Fin. i Jockey. i Op! Cl*.
1 | . 1 1
(CMOirci Piloto. 6 (H. W. Hoag) 1051 4 2 2 2 34 2 \<, 2 h 1 1'jlBuxton .... 9-5 . 2
6079 (Meehanus a (T. T Rector). .',U2 1 3 l'i.'; »; 4 lV.4.ii 2 h !S*o | 7 '«
•.... Ocyrohe 3 (Mrs. J. CofTey)..| »2 :: 1 % 1 1 1 %<1 h 3 % lCros?walte 10 9
CC-JO I Know. 0 (P. E. Burnell)... 07 5 fi 4 5 7 31^5 8 4iy.|Roach S-5 7-2
6006 Col. Van 6 (D S. Fountain). 104 2 4 14 2^5 C :t n 5 0 IVandrbout 0 7-2
CC53 [Canonlcm, "(M.J.Daly)^. .JJSO (5 C 0 6 G^ G |\V. Daly... 20 JO
Time — :24Vi. :49. 1:10, 1*23. At post 2 minutes., Off at 3:00. Piloto. place. 11-20; *how.
out. Meohanus, place, 2; dhow. 1. Ocyrohe, »how. 7-o. Winner, hr. n. by Gano-
Clodomiro. Trained by H. W. Hoag. Scratched — Solon. Hulford. ' Start fair. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. Winner best. Meehanus well rlijilen. ran a cooi race.
Ocyrohe quite a mud runner. I Know Is apparently not a mudlark. Vanderbout let
Colonel Van fall back at the start, spoiling his chances. 'Los Angeles index (5071,
<?125. FOURTH RACF> — 1*4 miles; California Derby; 3-yr-olds; 1st. S2725; 2d, $."00: 3d, $250.
Indexl •• IHorse and Owner. WtlSt.Std. yT. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpT CK
(C0(15) [Bombardier (F. Skinner) 114 1 2 % 1 n 1 2 11 1 2y.|See 8 8
«077 t.Tudge (M. J. Daly) 117 2 1 h 21 2 1%2 1 »2 IVilJ Daly.... 7-B 8-5
(5945) Formaster (Boots & H.) 117 3 3 h 3 2 3 2V-:: V 2 3 5 "iBullman .. 1 - . 1<
(5SSC) Toledo (B. & W.) |122 4 4 4 4 ~4 4 |Bell : 7 12
Time— :24ii. :C0, 1:10. 1:43. 2:10^. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:30. Bombardier, place,
8-0; show. 1-2. Formaster. place. 1-3; show. out. Toledo, show. 1. Winner, b. g. by
Maxlo-Mlddie Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Mendon. Ananias. Start
good. Won easily. Next two driving. Bombardier Is better than was supposed. He
\ ■ received nice handling and was never in difficulties. . Formaster was bumped by Judge
on first turn and again on back stretch, for which latter was disqualified. Toledo at
no stage a factor. Mudge disqualified for fouling and placed' last.
6120. FIFTH RACE— One mile and 60 yards; selling; 4-year-olda and up; to first, $325.
Indexl ■ Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Y* • %. 94. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
eOC5 ICaronal, 4 (Chappelle & Co.). 109 1 2 111 1 1^1 2 17 Stuart 3 5
5935 Rey Dare, 6 (J. C. Nealon)..102 2 3 h 3 1%2 3 25 26 Travers ... 4 9-2
•.... Cloche d'Or. 4 (A. Conrad)... M 4 >« ..« 6 3n3h Knapp .... 10 20
6065 G. W. Trahern, 5 (Quinlan).. 109 6 5 4 5 4 5 % K 4 4 3>4 See 8-5 7-5
6055 Golden Light. 6 (McCafTerty) 102 Gin 2 }i 3 % 4 % 5 2 1 /, Roach ..... 10 12
B959 Illilouon. C (W. D. Randall). 105 3 4 h 4 h 4 h 6 6 Buxton .... 4 7-2
Time— :2. r )»4. :&0>4. 1:15U. 1:<2. 1:45. At post 1^ minutes. Off at 4:07*4. Caronal, place,
2; *how, 1. Dare, place. 8-5; show. 3-5. Cloche d'Or. show. 3. Winner, b. h. by St.
j Carlo-Orellana. Trained by C. W. Chappelle. Scratched — Montana Peeress. Start
good. Won ridden out. Next three driving hard. Caronal turned a somersault, land
lne fairly on the wire. Rey Dare ran an excellent race In going he does not like. G.
W. Trahern was shy on speed. Golden Light quit. Illilouon seems to have gone away
back. 'Los Angeles Index C072.
6127. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; purse; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Indexl , Horse and Owner.. ; Wt St. %. .%...%. Str. Fin. I Jockey. ~Op. cT.
6089 Dlvlna. 5 (El Primero Stable) 107 2 3 4 3 8 3 4 2 1 1 2% Bums 4 5-2
COSO Leader. 4 <W. B. Jennings).. 105 12 1H2 221 3428 J. Martin.. 2 4
6113 Eshertn 4 (J. F. Schorr) 06 4 1 1%1 1%1 1U,1 1U,S 2Vj Reed 2 11-5
6041 The Don. 4 (H. E. Rowell).. 109 5 4 4%4 7 4 10 4 12 4 10 Travers ... 4 16-5
6007 Chickadee. 5- (McCafferty)... 109 3 55 & 5 5 Bonner 12 20
Time— '.24%. :49U, 1:14%. 1:41^. 1:48. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:33. Dlvlna, place,
■ C-5; show, out.- Leader, place, 6-5; show. out. . Esherln. show, out. 'Winner, br. m.
by Bassetlaw-Angelique. Trained by C. Winchell. Scratched — Flush of Gold, Daisy
Green. Start good. Won easily. Second ■ driving. ' Third stopping. There was good
footing and Dlvlna received excellent handling. . Leader ran his race. Esherin ran
■well to the stretch. The Don ran a superb race, maybe. Chickadee no account. •
ed by Dlvlna for the closing mile and
a sixteenth event in the fastest run
race of the day. As it was figured that
the sloppy track would militate against
the chances of Divina 4% to 1 was laid
about: the mare. A strong play later
forced the odds down to 2^. .Esherln,
the favorite, trailed by Leader, cut out
the running to. the stretch.. At this
point Burns slipped through on the rail
with Divina, and holding Leader; safe
won easily in 1:48 flat. Esherin finished
third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
i James Howard, - secretary of Wash-
ington Park, Chicago, was an interested
spectator of the racing yesterday.
The stakes of the Buffalo Racing
Association close to-day.
Frank Skinner presented Willfe See
with $350 ; for winning on Bombardier.
Tommy Burns was offered the mount,
which he declined with thanks. Tommy
was among those fooled.
The greatest crowd of the entire sea
son packed the betting ring, the twen
ty-seven books not beirig adequate to
handle the business.'
: Following- are : to-day's entries:
First race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
YOUNG CORBETT
HARD AT WORK
Champion Training Faithfnlly
at the Beach for His Fight at
the Pavilion on Monday Sight
IS CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
Dave Sullivan Is Fast Round
ing Into Form and Expects
to Put Up a Good Battle
Young Corbett Is not losing any time
in getting intd condition for his fight
with Dave Sullivan next Monday night.
The champion has been working out
regularly at the Beach Tavern for sev
eral days past and at the present time
is in splendid form.
His present weight is 133 pounds. He
is to do 130 pounds ringside for Sul
livan and states that he will be down
to the required weight in a few days.
His wind is good and altogether the
little fellow looks to be in the best of
form and ready to fight the battle of
his life. .
The wet weather is not at all agree
able to Corbett and he has been chafing
under restraint for the last few days.
He has been compelled to confine him
self almost entirely to Indoor work and
as the champion is such a strong ex
ponent of road work and outside exer
cise in general the rain* does not suit
him exactly.
Yesterday a large crowd of well
known sporting men journeyed to the
beach tavern notwithstanding the rain.
They watched Corbett go through his
gymnasium stunts. He chatted pleas
antly to his friends as he worked and
seemed anxious about the outside
world, for he has not been along the
line much of late
He has had to cut out those pilgrim
ages to the track, though this has in
no way dampened his ardor. He is
still interested in the game and between
exercises plies his trainers with ques
tions regarding the ponies and the
jockeys. He is betting right along and
picking 'em right.
Sullivan is also rounding into form
across the bay and expresses himself
as fully satisfied with his training
quarters and the climate. He states
that he will make the required weight
and be able to fight strong. He is not
worrying about the outcome of the mill
and expresses himself as being con
fident of his ability to beat the cham
pion.
and up: selllns:
45:!" Formero (Green) 1W
Kl 15 Mr. Farnum (McCafferty) l'irt
. r i79S Penance I McCarthy) 0«
B114 Pierce J fStover) H2
. r >»'>7!> Ripper ( Lane) 1*8
6819 'Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) 09
•:0T4 'Anvil (Murray) 0«!
TiOSt; Bard Burns ( Judse) 112
»XS8 Dandle Belle (Winter) 107
Second rare — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up: purse:
Salto (Fountain) 97
♦5102 Hoceo iPhoto Stable) 1"">
6027 Foxy Grandpa (Coftey) Its
»;l()2 Rit>sca iBoesecke) lf>*>
.°.!)t;r> Estoy Listo (El Primero Stable) 107
5832 HaKerdon (Frank) 100
WU Rionde- (Hughes) 104
5463 Oronte (Piedmont Stable) 107
WSK2 Hocarth (Carmody) 97
CO1!) Sailor Knot (Daly) 105
C.XCK1 Kmil (Williams) 10O
6068 Olympian (Schoir) 107
5896 "Jt arra G (Mulkey) 107
Third race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
6090 Fiver (Ryan) 10fi
C074 Polonius (Stewart & Co.) 1<3
1UH.I 'Diderot (Atkln) 104
lilll) •Pruewoorl (McAllister & Co.) . 10::
.VvS7 J^ady K^nt (Wellman) 107
«;112 "OoriPtellator iKeatirt; & Co.) 1(*4
♦ill" »Tiie Fretter (O'Rcurke) 103
W174 GUssando (Romish) ioo
C8S4 Billy Moore (Rector) KH
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olris and up: handicap.
MKJ) Captain Forsee (Alhambra Stable) »2
•=077 L,ord Melbourne (Bender & Co.) !>7
filtit Futurita (Kraft) JM
61D1 Ananla.s (Schorr) 04
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-old? ;
srllins.
«01K Ebony (Hamilton Stable) Ill
BS97i*Red Cros* Nurse (Brown) 101
.VK).-i 'Silicate <Jennin*!>) !>3
(t:07»'.)*GPorRe Berry (Boettger) 10P.
8102.*HnIfOfd (Stover) UO
(C(HC)Et Tu Brute (Moran> 105
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-old3 and
up: selling.
nSOT 'Fllle d'Or (Kenyon) {W
MTS Laocoon (Coffey) 9'J
fJOCi DunRannon (Knebelkamp) S~
(COrC.) 'First Chip (Fitzgerald) 1(i(>
K102 Gateway (I^ittridge) lni
■ r .?M7 'Scherzo (Pu»blo Stable) 99
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE wnnmss.
rirst race — Bard Barns. Pare Dale.
Mr. Farnum.
Second race — Oronte, Hagrerdon, Salto.
Third race — Lady Kent. Diderot, Con
rtellator.
Fourth race — Futurita, Ananias, Lord
Melbourne.
Fifth race — Et Tu Brute, Gccrsre Ber
ry. Hulford.
Sixth race — Pint Chip, Laocoon, Dun
crannon.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _ _
Catarrh is not only a most disgusting and offensive ifo
malady, but when allowed to continue, becomes constitu- KS /Ogpl '
tional. The foul secretions and mucous matter are r -\ g£&j '■
absorbed into the blood, and the "whole system becomes /^^Jl ■ r '*^§L v
infected with the catarrhal poison, and can't be reached
by inhalations, sprays, washes, powders and salves. Only f f^9Fu^^p^ JH^
a remedy that enters into the circulation and cleanses and tWr-^ k **^flpil
purifies the polluted blood, can cure Catarrh after it gets *» - /gKS*''
to be chronic. It »>**«*« Qentlemen : I had Catarrh for abont fifteen
that attacks the membranes ye ar«, and no one coald have been wor»«. I tried
and delicate coverings of all everything I could hear of, bat no rood resulted.
tr, u au , ir ; c ««♦ I then began S.S. S., and could see a little im-
the bodily organs. It IS not p rO vement trom the first bottle, and aft«r taking
confined to the head, noseand it a short while was cured. This was six years
tlir^of V«,ir tVi#» ctomarri how- 2?°' * n ? am W «U to-day aa any man. I think
throat, but tne stomacn, row- Catarrh is a blood disease, and know there is
els. kidneys, bladder and nothing on earth better for the blood than 3. S. S.
. t u. __,+£ n t t hp hodv are Nobod y thinks more ofS. S.S. than I do.
The catarrhal poison pollutes the blood, and through the circulation contam-
inates every organ, membrane and tissue of the body. Catarrh affects the
S--^ /•—*■•» general health, injures the digestion, upsets the stom-
(<^N fO^ ach » destroys the appetite, produces nausea and other
V^^ \^^ miserable symptoms. S. S. S. reaches it through the
KjjKJ) blood, goes into, the circulation and drives out all
m^ unhealthy accumulations, and when all parts of the
ssytem are receiving a supply of rich, pure blood, the general health is
invigorated, and all the disgusting symptoms of the disease stop. Write
us about your case, and our physicians will advise you free of charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
FUSILADE WINS
IN A GALLOP
F..T. CnrolaiTs Great Pony Takes
Two Events in Hollow Style
on the Del Monte Track
SILVER DICK IS A WONDER
Takes the Quarter-Mile Dash
From a High-Class Field.
End of a Successful Meeting
DEL. MONTE, Feb. 22.— Sliver Dick
and Fusilade, the fastest two ponies in
all America at their respective dis
tances, were the star performers to
day at the meet of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association.
Silver Dick had Lawrence McCreery
in the saddle, as on Saturday, and he
received a perfect ride in the quarter
mile dash, his only start. As usual he
was first away from the post and he
won by a length in a swinging sallop,
running: the quarter on a slow track in
:24»4. F. J. Cardan's Bonnie was sec
ond. Becky, which finished third, was
away badly and never made up tha
lost gTound. Paul Clagstone's mare
Miss Miller cut up badly at the post,
throwing her rider. Walter McCreery.
He escaped unhurt, but thought It
safest to remain on the ground.
F. J. Carolan's great pony Fusilade
started In two races. He proved in a
class by himself, winning in hollow
style. He won the mile in a common
canter, being pulled nearly double for
the greater part of the journey. R.
and W. McCreery's Miss Giles flnishe-i
second, the others being beaten off.
Mr. Carolan sported his blue and
white colors again on Fusilade in the
five-eighths of a mile run. In this the
southern contingent thought they had
a good chance to beat the chestnut
horse from Burllngame with Carlotta.
a bay mare. Whatever chance they
had was ruim-d.at the start when F.
W. W r ilson, who rode the mare, lost
his stirrup. With this handicap he
finished second
The closest race of the day was the
second on the card, at three-eighths <>f
a mile. There were only two starters
and it was won by F. J. Carolan's
Florodora. ridden by Ti. MeCreery. She
finished a short head in front of Ru
dolph Snreckels' Fretful, ridden by K.
M. Tobin. The latter made his move
an instant too late, as in another stritl"
after they passed the wire his mount
was in the lead
The third race, at a quarter of a
mile, provided another sensational fin
ish. R. and W. McCreery's Sunset, rid
den by Walter McCreery, beat the
gray mare Sadie, from Southern Cali-
fornia, in a stirring finish.
Rudolph Spreckels' colors were car
ried to victory in the fifth race by
Maud H, the smallest pony at the track,
standing only fifty- five inches high.
Her size gave her a decided pull in the
weights. Bonnie finished second and
pulled up lame.
There was a touch of the wild West
in the rescue race by troopers of the
Ninth United States Cavalry. Some of
the men threw their horses to the
ground, while others started on a gal
lop toward them from a mark 150 yards
away. They galloped down the polo
field, and each rider picked up one of
the men on tha ground and galloped
back to the starting point. Sergeant
Tucker and Private Ogilsby of Troop
A finished first amid the cheers of the
spectators.
Thanks to the efficiency of the racing
secretary, Robert L.eighton, and to the
other officials, the affair went off with
out the slightest delay or hitch. The
attendance was large each day.
After the races a practice match of
polo was started. Play had been in
progress but a short time when E.
Ezra, the noted English noloist, was
thrown and sustained a severe injury
to the knee. It is expected he will he
laid up for some time.
SUMMARY.
First race. on™-i|uarter of a mil"— TV. S,
Hobart's Silver Hi.-k 1 1.. MoCreery> won. K.
J. t'arolan'a Bonnie ( F. J. Carolan) sei.on'1.
R. fcpreckels" Reeky third. Follow On anil
Miss Miller also Marted. Time. '24'i weand'
Second race, thrpe-elshth* of a milt 1 — F. I
Carolan's Florodora (R. McC*reery> won. V
Spreckels' Fretful (R. M. Tobin) second. Tinr-
39 'i seconds.
Third race. on«»-quart»r of a milr — R. an-l
TV. McCreery's Sunset iff. McCr**ry'> won. Dr.
E. J Boeseke's Sadie <F. Vf. Wilson* s»coiv!.
R. Sprerkels' Fefrhome • R. M. Tobin) thirl.
Time 2r» >-i seconds.
Fourth race, on? mile — F. J. Carolan'n Fusil
lade <!•". J. Carolan) won, R. and Vf, Mi--
Oreery's Miss Giles <\V. McCreery) secmr!.
Lucille anil Six Bits also started. Ttme. 2:»"_\
Fifth race — Rudolph SpreckelV Maud H
(F. W. "Wll-ooTi) won. F. J. Carolan's Bonni
(F.iJ. Carolan) second. R. and W. McCreery' t
Vitesse «R. McCreery) third. Pat also started.
Time. 18 seconds.
Sixth race, flve-eljthths of a mile — F. J.
Carolan's Fusillade (F. J. Carolan) won. Vf,
E. Pedley's Carlotta (F. W. Wilson) second,
Rudolph Spreckels' Dotrlx third. Time. l:08ii.
Sadie and Mamie also started.
Match race — R. McCreery's Vitease (R. Mc-
Creery) won B. ■Williams' Lord Inex (B. Wil
liams) second. Time. 10'i seconds*
Military reserve race — Won by Sergeant
Tucker and Private Ogilsby of Troop A, Ninth
Cavalry (colored).PRAGEKS. | PRAGEKS | PRAGERS, *'"
1 The Policy of This Store Has Xnt Changed. The Usual Courtesies Will Continue. |
New Spring Waists Unusual Shoe Values. Wash Goods Just* From
Reduced. t-\oxt &1 to visit this de- the East.
g t 2 partment and at least in- _______
WE have several hundred s P ect our new ?tock - The IT was only the other day the
shirt waists that have been extraordinary values, will surprise | buyer of this department re-
expressed to us by our you. turned from the Eastern
manager, at present in the East. J53.5O — Fine dress shoes for marl_2ts. and with him came sev-
His orders were to sell them as men; Yici kid vamp, lace, gloved era! verj' pretty lines of new wash
quickly as possible, as an un- kid top, Goodyear \Velt and Man- goods. Here is a hint of their
usually larpc stock is beinc: hatjan toes. The very latest attractiveness:
bought. Hence these money- styles in footwear. ETAMINES.
saving bargains: ?:5.O<>— Women's shoes, Viet lf)e a yard— Pretty snowflaked
_»Sc_Waists that are well kid vamp lace, patent tips, kid and p i a j n ' ca hl e etamines. in all
worth $!.5O. top. French heels., flexible soles. s h a des, including gun metal.
£I.1.J_A l, ne v.-orth $1-75- This is an exceptionally good w hite, cream, tan, pink, light blue,
if. 1.4. » — Waists that usually value. navy, steel, gray, cardinal, re-
hT ]V? Si™- , and youths' seda.'and pongee.' Worth 25c.
f — Values that have never school shoes; satin calfskin vamp. ,,. nw «wpr. /~mi<-<iz amc
bc«n equaled in this city. lace, heavy extension soles, solid MERCERIZED 5ILK GINGHAMS.
- JM.rvO—H^ndreds of beautiful sole leather insole and counters. 2.~e a yard — 400 pieces, and
new spring styles that cannot be Si7e* n'i to 2. $1.25 — Sizes they include almost every color
found elsewhere. 2\/ 2 to 51^. one desires.
Women's Newest* Spring Suits A Great* Sale of Block
and Jackets. . Dress Goods
BEAUTIFUL is not the only word to de- rp H OUSAXDS of yards of material just turned
senbe these new garments; they are ele- | £ ut fe Easten ? manufacturers are in-
gant and inch in style and material as well. A eluded in this sale. Their values will' great-
and have caused much favorable comment. This jj rjse and jjj undoubte dly bring out
is one of the very first showings and it wil be shoppers eager for new spring goods at
well worth your while to see the new garments. a c J nside ,!X le sav jn g .
SUITS. .«1.OO a yard— Spanish voile, an open mesh of
S1.'I.t>r» — 120 beautiful spring suits, all elegantly lattice work suggestion. Very pretty material to
tailored jackets in military effects, all silk lined. . be made pver silk foundation. It is 42 inches
Both skirt and jacket are trimmed with silk and wide. $?1.!»O — 44 inches wide.
braid, giving them that stylish appearance found S."ic, $1.OO. $1.25 and JJS1.5O — Knub voile,
onlv in high-class suits. Colors blue and brown, a sheer material with an overshot of heavy cord.
also black. These suits are well worth $22.50. It hangs gracefully and will be much worn for
$1S.7."» — A splendid line of suits of Lymans- the street.
ville cheviots; military styles. Jacket is satin . Sr»<\ $1.OO and $1.25 a yard — 54-inch silk
lined and prettily trimmed with military braid. finished alpaca. Three qualities >n this extra
Skirt is seven-gore inverted pleated at bottom wide material place us in position to offer .spe-
and also trimmed in braid. * Very stylish and cial values to those looking for a fine cloth for
worth $30.00. spring wear. j ,_
Visit the ! pT tl *) Every Section
and Household ! /|^B» 1^ 9^4^^ that mean
Goods m "^ '• >^g___^ money saved
_ % ALWAYS RELIABLE .
Department " \A 1238- 1250 MARKET ST. A 1111
NEVILL'S MINES
ARE TIED UP
I'nderjiTMnid Men Demand an
Increase in Hate of Wages and
Refusal Has Caused a Strike
PlXK-Lal Disratch to The Cail.
STOCKTON. F<?b. 21.— The strike of
n-.iners at the Rawhide and App mines,
• .*ned by \V. A. Xevilis, has practi
cally tied up business at Jamestown, j
a iid i? very likely to result in blood- i
V-hed. *The strike at the App has been !
on for several months, but it was only '
:^5t Wednesday that the miners walked
'out at the Rawhide. Nearly all the
strikers are Auftrians and only a few
of them understand English.
The strikers are armed and they have
j",«ted pickets to prevent Captain Nev
ills sending men to the mine to take
their places. Last Friday Nevills took
right men through Stockton to work
ifa the Rawhide. The strikers* pickets
•^et the non-union men at Jamestown
and turned them back- j
The strikers are said to be unreason
able and in a dangerous temper. Cap
taJn-JfeVUIs is a fighter and is deter
mined "to run his mine with non-union
help. The Rawhide mine is within the
iur'.edic^Jon of the Jamestown union,
under whose auspices the strike is be
i'r.s conducted. It was declared for
the purpose of securing an increase of
2j cents per day for each class of work
ers.
It is said Ahat cme of the reasons for
the strike at the Rawhide was that
the management insisted that the min
ers board at the company's boardins
jjouse. It is also said that Assistant
•Manager Burk discharged a miner, giv-
Jnsr as a reason that the man ate too
c much butter.
Captain N'evills has had difficulty
• ;n the miners' union for a long time.
Some time ago he imported Austrians
to do practically all of the underground
work In his mines. The Austrians did
u«t learn the American language, but
jhey did learn American manners to
• tbe extent that they became union men
to an almost fanatical degree.
XFXSBJXQTOS. Feb. 22. — Count Matf=u, flr^t
"necrrttry of the Japanese Legation and one of
fh*> -most popular diplomats in WayhinKton. is
fuCrrinjr from appendicitis. An operation will
be neceesary. ..-■;-■.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOES YOXTB SCALP ITCH?
_• Tour Hairs Dropping One by One?
-If your scalp itches you are doubtless
suffering from dandruff. The dandruff
■j?orm Js digsring up your scalp in little
fiakes. called dandruff, and sapping the
'life of the hair bulb. No hair preparation
that Is a tpcr«» hair stimulant and tonic
.will euro dandruff, because it won't kill
the germ that causes the trouble. Xew-
bro's H'-rpicide is the latent scientific
'discovery, and it will kill the dandruff
-~erm • Destroy the cause and j-ou re-
•rn'ive the effect: kill the *crm and you
vrfll have no more dandruff, falling hair
or baldness. Sold by leading; drupgists.
Bend 10c in stamps for sample to The
j-fj-rpjcide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
DIRECTORY
. OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Jiailal
en Application.
JEESH AZTD SALT MEATS.
J4S. DUlfcj <I WU. Clay. Tel. Main 129*.
• _ _ ,
OILS. ,
LUrmi GATING OILS; LEONARD A ELLI3.
41S Front Pt.. E. F". Phone M*ln 1718.
FBISTIirO.
c /». ni!fHCC I'RISTER.
L. U uLUUCjk tU Caatiom* si.. & F.
THREE LIVES
LOST IN FIRE
111 H n ins of Alhambra Theater
of Chicago Bodies of Two
3Ien and a Woman Are Found
CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— Fire to-day
partially destroyed the building: oc
cupied by the Alhambra Theater,
hotel and apartments. The structure
was three stories high and fronted on
Archer avenue and State and Nine
teenth streets. After the fire was ex
tinguished three bodies were found
in a room on the ' top floor 'of the
Tmilding. From -the position of the
remains the two men had apparently
attempted to assist the woman to es
cape, but had been overcome by
smoke. All clothing was burned from
the bodies and the flesh seared and
scorched. The remains of the men
were identified as "William Fisher and
Frank Beckman, both of whom had
recently arrived here from Cincinnati.
The body of the woman was identified
as that of Anna Smith.
There were many narrow escapes
and several persons had to be car
ried down the fire escapes.
The Alhambra Theater, around
which the hotel is built, was partly
destroyed. In the theater new stage
fittings and furnishings had been in
stalled, and remodeling in compliance
with the new theater ordinance had
practically been completed. The fire
is supposed to have started trom an
overheated boiler in the basement of
the Alhambra restaurant- The smoke
soon filled the halls of the upper sto
ries, and but for the night clerk, Phil
lip Vingo, the firemen asserted, there
would probably have been much
greater loss of life. Vingo ran
through the halls, awakening the 200
guests. A moment later the halls were
filled with half-naked men and
women, who groped their way down
the stairs to the snow-covered streets
and sought refuge in neighboring
stores. The Alhambra Theater is
owned by Stair & Haviland. owners
of the Bijou, Columbus and other the
aters in Chicago.' The loss is estimated
at $75,000.
SERVE THE SOP
TO WEBFOOTERS
Democrats of Oregon Pledge
Themselves to Act AVith Cali
fornia at National Convention
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 22.— Tempted
by the promise that George E. Cham
berlain, the Governor of Oregon, should
be chosen chairman of a union of the
Democratic delegations of the Pacific
Coast States, the Democrats of Oregon
agreed to-day by resolution of the State
Central 'Committee to act in concert
with California and such other States
as might enter the merger. All sugar
coated from California came , the
scheme. Two ministers plenipotentiary
from California were present— B.
D. Murphy, chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee of California, and L.
H.. Mooser. its treasurer. They told the
Oregon braves that a union of the
Western States was the only way they
could compel recognition at the national
convention: that California would send
an uninstructed delegation; that .it
would not insist on foisting Hearst
upon the other States; that the present
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
HIGBEE TO GO
TO THE EAST
Manager of American and Red
Star Line of Steamers Has
Eeen Called to Xew York
NEW YORK, Feb. 22.— G. H. Higbee,
for some years the Pacific Coast man
ager of the American and Red Star
line of steamers, has been called to New
York to become manager at this port.
The American line will also bring to
this port its Pacific Coast steamships.
They are the Indiana, Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Conemaugh. The Indiana has
arrived here with the largest cargo of.
salmon ever brought from the Pacific
Coast, having 7000 tons on board. The
Pennsylvania and Conemaugh are on
their way now. The Ohio is being over
, hauled at Seattle and will be brought
East later. The Indiana and Ohio have
been in use as Government transports
doing service to the Philippines.
Higbee will occupy a position subor
dinate to that of Clement A. Griscom
Jr., who will retain his position as di
rector of the liqes. Higbee's special
work will be the insurance of the line,
in which branch he has had long expe
rience.
The vessels of the Pacific Coast fleet
will enter the North Atlantic service,
but the American line declines to make
public Its intentions at the present time.
One theory was that the vessels would
be put into the projected Scandinavian
service. Whether or not the Pacific
fleet will enter this proposed service
from the north, they are here for some
important purpose not yet explained,
and definite announcements will be
awaited with interest.
The sixty-six days' trip of the Indi
ana from Seattle was rather an un
eventful voyage, with but two stops for
coal, once at Coronel, Chile, and again
at St. Lucia.
movement was not a Hearst scheme.
"We have nothing up t our sleeve,"
said the gentlemen, and to prove it
they proposed that the chairman of
the delegation be Governor Chamber
lain. The opponents of the measure
besought the committee to beware of
Greeks bearing gifts. They said openly
that California, the biggest State,
would dominate the merger and that
the movement was only a scheme to
vote the Western States solidly for Hie
man of many newspapers. They did
not want Hearst, and said so heatedly,
but the majority voted them down.
"Hearst is sure not to get it any
way," said the majority. "The killing
of his boom in the convention will open
a road for us to name Chamberlain for
Vice • President. The vote of Oregon
could not kill off Hearst. If it did
Hearst would kill off CHamberlain
Therefore it behooves us to stand in."
The California politicians leave to
morrow for Seattle.
Society Buds in Wichita.
Recently a Wichita miss of 10 en
tertained eight friends at an evening
party and there were nine cream puffs
on a dessert platter. Each girl took
one except the hostess, which passed
without attracting notice. They were
delicious and the hostess urged tfie
ninth one upon each of her guests in
turn, but not one would take it. This
was before the gas company had en
larged its main, by the way. Suddenly
the gas flickered and went almost out,
so that the room was quite dark, and
eight dimpled hands met in that
cream puff platter. — Wichita (Ivans.)
Eagle. . ~.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed r. i» 22— Stmr Dirlgo. for
Ekagway.
EUREKA— Sailed Feb Stmr Newsboy,
for San Francleco. ¦ • •
HOAR SAYS HE
WAS MISQUOTED
Senator From Massachusetts
Declares He Had No Desire
to Reflect on the President
COLLOQUY WITH FOKAKER
Ohio Man Is Charged With
Misrepresentation and Quite
a Heated Debate Follows
WASHINGTON. Feb. 22. — The fea
ture of *o-<Jay's session of the, Senate
was a speech from Hoar in explana
tion of his former speech on the isth
mian canal situation. He complained
of the criticisms of his utterances at
that time, saying that he hud been
misunderstood and misrepresented
and contended that his intention on
that occasion had been, to secure full
information on the Panama • revolt
and not to cast reflections on the Pres
ident. , ■ :. \ ..-' Y ' '. ' "
Foraker was mentioned among oth
ers--who had criticized the first ipeech,
and after Hoar had concluded the
Ohio Senator replied that he had not
meant unjustly to reflect on Hoar and
justifying his , remarks, by quoting
from Hoar's original 'speech. , Hoar
replied, a causing Foraker j not . only .of
having misrepresented him on the flrat
occasion, -but of misrepresenting him
to-day. The result was/a sharp col
loquy at short range and when It-came
to a conclusion the Senators did not
appear to have approached any near
er to an understanding than at the be
ginning.
The two Senators »tood within two
or three feet of. each other and talked
back a.nd forth directly. They gestic
ulated earnestly and spoke with great
emphasis, frequently punctuating
their remarks with expressions of mu
tual regard. Each asserted more than
once that the other was mistaken and
as frequently the statement was made
that each had been misunderstood.
The situation was .quite tense and en
dured for several minutes until the
presiding officer called attention to
the violation of the rules of debate.
The immediate point of dispute was
the question .whether at the. time of
Hoar's former speech denial had been
made of the President's complicity in
the Panama affair. Hoar contending
that no such denial had been made.
Hoar quoted the President's denial
of complicity on the part of the Unit
ed States and asked;
"Is there any man, friend or foe,
who will doubt that statement? Will
the campaign orators from } Portland
to San Francisco .have among them
one who will accuse that brave and
honest man with dishonesty When he
gave utterance to that statement?"
WASHINGTON'S
NAME HONORED
In East and West, the North
aiid the South, Anniversary
of His Birth Is Celebrated
-CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— The anniversary
of the birth of Washington was ob- 1
served here to-day by the Union j
League Club with two meetings at the j
Auditorium Theater, one in the morn-
Ing and the other in the afternoon, and
a banquet to-night to the members of
the club. The principal service was
held in the afternoon when Elihu Root,
former Secretary of War, delivered an
address on "The Ethics of the Panama
Question." He said in part:
The independence of Panama, the grant to
the 'United States of the right to construct
the canal across the Isthmus and the as-<
Eumption by the United States of the duty
to construct the canal and to maintain It
for the equal benefit of mankind, are ac
complished facts. * Nothing can do away with
them unless it be some future war of con
quest waged against the liberties of Pan
ama, and at the same time against the rights
of the United States held in trust for the
commerce of . the world.
By all the principles of Justice among men
and among nations that we have learwed from
our fathers and all peoples and all govern
ment?, should maintain the revolutionists In
Panama were right, the people of Panama
were entitled to be free again, the Isthmus
was theirs and they were entitled to govern
it; and it would have been a shameful thing
for the Government of the United States to
return them again to servitude.
We shall not get back the money we spend
upon the canal any more than we shall get
back the money we, have expended to make
Cuba free and Independent, or the money we
have expended to set the people of the Phil
ippines on the path of ordered liberty and
competency for self-government. But we
shall promote our commerce, we shall unite
our Atlantic and Pacific coasts, we shall ren
der Inestimable service ' to mankind, and -we
shall grow In greatness and honor and In
1 the strength that comes from difficult tasks
accomplished and from the exercise of the
power that strives in the nature of a great!
constructive people.'
WASHINGTON, Feb.' % 22.—Washing
ton's birthday was generally observed
in this city. The farewell address of
the first President was read in the Sen
ate, the Federal and municipal offices
were closed and only a few of the busi
ness houses were open. . There were
several .patriotic celebrations by the
Association of Oldest Inhabitants, the
Sons of the Revolution and other or
ganizations. Historic Alexandria, six
miles south of here on the. Virginia
side of the Potomac River, jyhere
George Washington was a fa'rnillar
figure during most *bf his career, cele
brated the day with. an elaborate mil- i
itary and civic parade.
ROME, Feb. 22.— All the Americans
in Rome, about 600, gathered here to
day at the United States embassy,
where they' were cordially entertained
in honor of Washington's birthday by
Embassador Meyer and Mrs. Meyer and
the staff of 'the embassy. There was a
noticeable display of flags in various
'parts of the city in honor of the day.
PARIS, Feb. 22.— The American' Club
celebrated Washington's birthday by a
banquet to-night. Ex-Senator Wilson
of Washington was among the speak
ers. ; '
SOLDIER PRIEST AS ORATOR.
i
Father MCQnaide of This City De
livers Address at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. .- Feb. 22.— Rev.
Father Joseph P. McQuaide, formerly
chaplain of the First California Vol
unteers at Manila,*, was orator, to-night
at the ; patriotic * exercises 'hi honor of
WOULD ENLARGE
APPROPRIATION
Senator Bard and Congress
man McLachlan After More
Money for Los Angeles Site
STATE'S SQLONS DISAGREE
Representatives of the State of
Washington Differ on Ques
tion of Division of Country
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 22.— Senator
Bard introduced in the Senate to-day
and. Mr. McLachlan in the House a
bill calculated to secure for Los An
geles the site for its Federal building,
which the conferees of the urgent de
ficiency bill refused to provide. The
bills are identical and authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to enlarge
the ' present site as desired by pur
chase or condemnation, provided the
property can be had for not more than
$225,0001 In case of failure in ttiis
then he may secure by the same means
any other land In the same" block that
may. be suitable, the price not to ex
ceed $200,000, or he may sell the prop
erty owned by the Government and
purchase another site at a cost not to
exceed, in addition to the proceeds of
the .sale^. the . sum named. This bill
does notincrease the total appropria
tion of $850,000 for the site and build
ing, but the Increased allowance for
the site leaves a shortage of $19,600,
which the House refused to make
good, to ,be cut from the appropriation
for the "building. "A new bill next ses
sion, it Is expected, will provide the
deficiency. •
Senator Perkins to-day Introduced a
bill to provide for the appointment of
an additional District Judge for the
Northern District of California. The
bill . provides that the senior Circuit
Judge of the Ninth Circuit, or the resi
dent Circuit Judge within the district
shall make the necessary order for
the division of business or assignment
of cases for the northern judicial dis
trict.
This bill is Identical with that intro
duced In the House by Metcalf. Letters
have been received by Senator Perkins
from Judges Ross, Gilbert and Mor
row, who join In paying that this bill
meets every, requirement for the relief
of Federal courts and that the creation
of an additional judicial district is not
necessary. .,..*.
The Judiciary Committee of the
House has ordered a . favorable report
upon Jones' bill for the creation of a
second judicial district in the State of
Washington, which provides for divis
ion of State by Cascade Mountain
range.
The three Representatives of Wash
ington have. each fathered a different
division of the State. Cushman would
have divided it with a line running
east and west between Tacoma and Se
attle, which would have left the seat of
the court in each of these principal
cities of the State. Humphrey would
have cut a square out of the northwest
corner of the State to include Seattle,
which would have left Tacoma and
Spokane to fight for the location of
the court. Jones' bill, which divides
the State by a north and south line,
leaves the court of the first district to
remain, as now, in Seattle, while that
of the second will naturally go to Spo
kane, the metropolis east of the moun
tains.
DATE IS FIXED
FOR BALLOTING
Ohio Legislature Will Vote
Upon Successor to Senator
Hanna W First of March
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Feb. 22.— Separate
ballots will be taken in the- House and
Senate at noon on March 1 for the elec
tion of a successor to the late Senator
Hanna, and a joint session will be held
at noon on March 2 to declare the re
sult. This Is provided for in a Joint
resolution introduced and adopted in
the Senate to-night and which will be
ratified by the House to-morrow.
Congressman Dick Is expected here
next Wednesday. A petition was cir
culated in the House to-day pledging
the signers to vote for Dick. The pur
pose was to obviate the necessity for a
caucus. Forty-eight names appeared
in the petition when It reached the
Cuyahoga delegation. They refused to
sign until they had had an opportunity
to confer among themselves. Only fif
ty-nine votes are necessary, to nomi
nate in joint caucus.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Feb. 22.— Elmer
Dover, temporary secretary of the Na
tional Republican Committee, left for
Washington to-day to hold a confer
ence with Chairman Payne. Dover has
been practically" filling the duties of
secretary for a couple of years. Dover
said that the arrangement of the late
Senator Hanna's affairs will take about
three months of his time. )
Washington's birthday, held at the
opera-house under the auspices of
the Young Men's Institute. His ad
tdress was a masterly one and full of
patriotism, and" more than once the
attentive audience interrupted him to
applaud his sentiments.
There was also a rare literary pro
gramme, including: selections by the
Catholic Boys' band, whfch made Its
first appearance in public. The boys
from the parochial school gave a
patriotic recitation and the girls of
the school of Holy Cross a tableau.
ANGELES. Feb. .22.^ — The
chief recognition of Washington's
birthday in Los Angeles occurred to
night at Turn Verein Hall, where the
sixteenth annual banquet, of the Los
Angeles Chamber,, of Commerce was
held. Three ' hundred and fifty covf
ers" were "Taid in the beautifully decor
ated hall, and among the guests Were
many of Los Angeles' most promi
nent business men. The guest of the
j occasion was Governor George C.
• Pardee," .'who'; responded to the toast,
i "California." lifll
ADVEETI^l^ENTS^ _._... r :._.^..^
.Tj-u-UT.- ---,---. u ...... ,m,-,r -n-.-.nr.rn-.r,
igAj^ oJiMllfj___ i For Infants and Children.
I|^H§i||lThe Kind You Have
-Always Bought
I A\fegetable Preparation for As- 8 * ~
similating the Food andReguIa- if _. , g
lingtheStDinacbsanxlBowelsor S JD63XS tll6 g - V*
— — I Signature / /Q y
Promotes Digestion.Cheerful- f| £f -/ lif
ness andRest.Contains neither | n f fL 1? ab
(Mum.Morphine nor Mineral. I Ui gli \hJ
Not Narcotic. ffikAlYP^
JtcveafOUjySAMUXLPirCHKR \ | \#\{
f^USteJ- . i Iff Q
Mx.SmHM. * 1 5 iLffa »
*sa«- J iffiX USP
I A perfect Remedy forConstipa- M I 'll Qr UOU
lion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea M I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- S 1 i~ Cam SiifftP
ness and Loss of Sleep. | rUl UfUl
1 Facsimile Signature oP
NEW VORK. •* 1 I II 1 1 L y SUUlO
I EXACT COPY OF WRAPPER. ' j IB |ffi| |^ :' f H | S I |jp8
THE CtNTtUD eOMHNY, NCW TOKH CIT».
USE OF UNION
LABEL OPPOSED
Citizens' Industrial Association
Says That It Is a Preventive
of Advance of the Country
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 22.— The
Citizens' Industrial Association of
America, in session in this city, by
unanimous vote to-day adopted the
following resolution:
nesolvcd. That the propajtanda of labor
unionism in the United States and the every
day practical workings thereof are revolution
ary and subversive of the rights of labor and
the employers of labor and of the laws of the
land; above all they are destructive of the
rights and liberties of the great body of the
people. Irrespective of their affiliation with
unionism or with employers of labor.
Resolved further. That the present condition
of anarchy and contempt for law and the con
stituted authorities brought about by the law
less leaders and members of labor unions has
forced upon the peace-loving: citizens of the
United States the necessity of demanding that
the names and whereabouts of these law
breakers, who practice intimidation boycot
ting, picketing, destruction of property and
who commit assaults upon their fellow-iabor
ers or commit other crimes in • the name of
labor, be made known for the protection of all
law-abidinr people and for the best interest of
labor itself and to the end that justice may
be meted out. •
Resolved further. That the executive com
mittee Is hereby directed to take the necessary
steps to ascertain the identity of such persons
and obtain full information in connection
therewith and that a report of the same b«
made to each organization "holding member
ship in this association.
The following resolution was passed
unanimously: i
That the use of the union label on manu
factured articles recognizes and indorses the
endeavor of the labor organization to control
the labor market and is no Indication of tha
quality of the goods, and its use is a surrender
of individual freedom and is a badge of sub
serviency; be it
Resolved. That the Citizens' Industrial As
sociation of America declares its opposition to
the use of such labels and urges on manufac
turers that they refuse its use on articles,
being a species of boycott, and it is only by
reason of untrammeled enterprise that im-
. COTTOIiENE. _^ - m
IrS K_r ' m H Hkn&SGsSap^ln _3_r I I
£r_f "US •S_r y^-BHJBP _ 4__P0Q_EEiw^^ v_r t. \
FALL HANDS and the COOK j
II Nature's Giftifrom the Sunny South rd
||] because it makes healthful and delicious food. As a frying and short snfaf li
IB medium it has no equal. It is far superior to lard or cooking butter. 1
Wi , Cottolene is healthful because it is a product of nature, beir.^ mada of 2
P*f refined vegetable oil and choice beef suet We guarantee the purity. I
pi ", Cottolene is also a clean product ; the fact that it comes in securely S3
|J sealed tin pails insures this. Bulk lard, on the other hand, is open to re- 3
HI cieva all the dust and odors imaginable. ;|
|Pj Cottolene-cooked food is more digestible than food made -from hog J\
pi lard. It makes food rich but not greasy — food which any stomach can 9
|2 digest. If purity, healthfulness, cleanliness and economy appeal to you, Ea
|3 USE Y& LESS. Cottolene being richer than either lard or cooking ' ||
Pi T7T?T7T7 Send us a 2c stamp 4o pay postage and well mail you a copy of our book. M
pi J? XvC/H/ " Home Helps." edited by Mrs. Rcrer. which contains 300 choice recipes. Hi
||l Made only by THE N. K.FA1RBANK COMPANY. Dept 260 Chicago. <»J||
AGED CHINESE
IS FOUND DEAD
Grass Valley Coroner Thinks
the Celestial the Victim of
War Between Rival Tongs
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. 22. — What
appears to have been a cold-blooded
murder was committed here last
night. The body of an old Chinese
named Yung was found in a shack in
Chinatown this morning with his head
hacked and gashed as though with a
hatchet. ■ Coroner Hocking and th<»
officers who investigated the affair
found that all the blood had be"n
carefully wiped up from the floor aivi
that the weapon with which the crime
had evidently been committed was
missing 1 . A Chinese was found who
said that Yung had committed sui
cide, but the officers, who believe he
knows all about the cFime, refused to
place credence in his tale.
He was closely pressed and at last
led the officers to a rubbish pile in
which was found a hatchet. There
were no bloodstains on the weapon.
Coroner Hocking removed the body of
the Chinese to the morgue. It Is ex
pected that arresta will follow before
night, as it is believed Yung is a vic
tim of a rival tong. The presence of
some strange Chinese, who ''have been
celebrating the new year, lends color
to the theory.
provement in manufacture and national ad
vancement can be secured.
Separate resolutions denouncing the
eight-hour law and anti-Injunction
bills now pending before Congress were
passed unanimously. Copies of tha
resolutions will be sent to the Congres
sional committees.
1112
THE^GAIJj
JOHK D. SFRECKELS. grcprietor.
Him mmtt&mnimMiwwt, »uacr
\V. J. MARTI N* Business Manager
TELEPHONE. '
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department iou w isn.
PuMiration Office Market end Third. B. F.
Jlditorlal Room 217 to 221 Stev-nson ft.
I->e!fv«-r-d by Carriers. 2<l Cts, Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 ,°',? t ?;..,.
>rm« by Mail Indndinc Postage aaih With
Order): '
DAXLT CALL nn-lud. Pur.day). 1 year...$S"0
DAILY CALL (laclud. Sunday*. 0 nios.... 4 01 j
DAILY CALL— 1>" Single Month o "»^ 1
ECNDAT CALL. 1 rear - -j~ |
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •- \™
■•< r fvv f Dally... $8.80 Per "iear Extra
i-^^r"^ - BBuday} 4.15 Per Year Kxtra
1OSTAOE. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTER*? ARE AUTHORIZED
TO T.ECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
farr.ple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Ita!'. subscribers in ordering charge of ad-
Cr»te should bo rarticular to rive both NEn
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quert.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1116 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
P.ERKELET OFFICE.
21 4S Certer Street Telephone North 7T
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
EAMUEL V.-. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hot*l: A. Bretano. 31 j
Ur.!ori Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave- j
r.-e Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrr.ar. House; P O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Trcmont House; Auditorium
Bute); Palmer Jloute.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGNHSS..Marcuette Building |
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETETHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building ]
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square!
DtTEINESS OFFICE of The San Francisci j
CaM. corner Market and Third streets; open j
uutii J2 o'clock every nicht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
J(V.S Market street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 p m.
C2I MoijtKQmery 6treet corner Clay; open un-
li »:» p. m.
"'" llayea street; open until 9:30 p. m.
139 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lftrkin street; or#n untl! 9:30 p. m.
3";i Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ESI I Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
Ul 9 p. m.
;<•;; Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
j'flC Yalemia street; open until 9 p. m.
NT'.hc&et comer Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftr'-ets; c.'cn until 9 p. m.
MKKTX&'G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chaster No. 5. R. A. ©
M.. will meot THIS (TUESDAY) Vy
KVKNING. February 23. at 7:30 /VN
.■• lo.k. M. M. d.eree. By order of
the 11. P. 1 UANKLIN 11. DAY, Sec.
UiesiOH Chanter No. 79. R. A. M— »
.- ial mrc-ttn'? THIS (rfE?DAy)YY
KVKNING. 7V3O o'clock. M. M. de- /VN
u'.'f. By order of the H. P.
JNO. It. JilLLMAN. Secretary.
GOLDES HATE Lodse No. 30, F. and »
A. M.— railed martins THIS (TUKP- *a/Vf'
DAYI EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third /VN
d:pree. By order <jf W. M.
KDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
OKIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
M— First dfgr.e THIS (TUESDAY) VV
EVENING, at S o'clock. /VN
A. S. HIBBARD. Secretary.
PAST Grand's Association. I. O. ■-■•sXi'-'/t.
< i. r Members will meet ■' ■j^sbt^-f-
.-■ m TUESDAY EVEX-S^^^
IN<;. F-lruai-y 'S.i. at S o'clock 'WillF'**'
Fi.e.rj'- We Rill spend a pleasant evening
*:xh Bay City Lodce.
W. A. P. NICHOLSON, President.
HABMOOT Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. .-v>~...
I-\— 7!.' (jrftVcrs a.-^l the funeral --jfe^jSregr
■ omniittce o! thi ..'. ve !i;iii.--d "-^;$Sv~*/
} ■ « 1 prt- are hereby notified to as- -^W*vf>"
mnble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
■nd Sw r.i!i s-t:--.. on TUESDAY, February
2.:. at 1 :30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
attending the tuneral of our late brother,
JOSErU S. BCUUSTER.
HY SCKUCK. N. G.
CHARLES QCAST. Fin. Sec^
TEMPLAR Lodse No. 17. I. O. ..-.-.yr—tr.
i ■- Initiation THIS iTl'Ef- ~-f~Zd2&Sfc-
UAY* EVENING. Visitinp=t5K«IS3*£
ti: •ilicrE cordially invited. '^•'■KX^
J. R. MORRISON. It. S.
MAGNOLIA Lodz'- No. », I. O.
11. K. — Double initiation THI? -#2p3jStU:--
iTUEHDAYt EVENING, Fel.ru-
ary 'Si. All roetrjjers requested *Z£li.Tt**
lo b** pref^nt. Visitors welcome.
FEIUHNAND MKTZGEll, N. G.
FAMUKL POLACK., Secretary.
EUREKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D.— iWy
The ofScers and the funeral committee _p_P
r <-f the above named grove are hereby
noiilied to assemble at Druids' Hall, 413
£t., on TUESDAY. February 13, at
] ::;<• i'. m.. for the purpose of attending the
lunerai Cf our late brother. JOSEPH S.
SCHUBTKR. A. PAUBA. N. A.
CHARLES QUAST. Secretary.
ANNUAL MKKT1NG— Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
of the ttjckh-jlders of the Paauhau Sugar
P;anlatton Company will be held at the
c:nce of the company, JJ27 Market street,
1 ooa 4. pecond floor, in the city and county
«.r San Francisco. State at California, on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March. A. D.
1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of <-lectlng a Board of Directors
to i-er%e lor the ensuing year and lor the
transaction of such other tus.Ines-s as may
I i' -jitrly come before the meeting. Transfer
book* will close en TUESDAY. February 23.
Z'.HA. at the hnur of 3 o'clock p. m.
IL \V. THOMAS. *>ecr<-tary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation C«npany. 327 Market st.. San
Fno&MCQ, cal.
ANNUAL JlM-Jng- Hakalau Plantation Com-
;*arjy — The i«-cu!ar annual meeting of the
Ftockholders of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will l>e held at the ofnee
of the company, 327 Market st. (room 4,
second fioor). in the city and county of San
Francisco. Ftate of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March, 1004, at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
jx*e of elect 1'ig ft Board of Directors to
M-rve for the enduing year, and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
propertT come before the meeting. Trans-
4er.b'>okt will close on SATURDAY. Febru-
ary "<\ 1!K:4. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. 327 Market tt.. San Fran-
fieco. C«!ilornia- San Francisco, Cal., Feb.
It. !0r>4.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — Th» regular annual
riveting of the Ftockholder* of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the otfcce ot the company. 327 Mar-
ket rtreet (room 4. f*cond floor). In the city
ond county of San Franci«co, fitate of Call-
forr.ia. en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
K-truary. a. I). IfiOl. at the hoar of 11
o'clock a. m.. for. the purpose cf electing a
bo*rd cf directors to wrve for the ensuing
><*T and fcr the transaction of euch other
!_■:'!■:■ ss ir.ay properly ccme before the
me«tinc Transfer books will close on Satur-
iay. February 13. 1&04. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
fwretary Honolulu Plantation Company. 327
Market ftrett. San Francisco. California,
tr«n Francisco. Cal.. Feb. 10. 2UG4.
N -TICE cf nnnual stockholder*' meeting The
r»?u!ar annual meeting of stockholders
«.: Awsocia'ed Oil Company <a corporation)
«iiil Le held at the office of the company,
el-venth floor. Hayward building. San Fran-
cIfco California, on MONDAY. 20th day
of "February. l'jO4. at tha hour of 10 a. m.
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direct-
crs to wrve for the ensuing: year and the
trar.ractir-n of such ether business ae may
eo.ne before the rr.'-etlnsr. This noitce is
printed in the San Francisco Call .by order
. and direction cf Brard cf Directors of A»-
coeiated Oil Company.
O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
Office — Eleventh floor, Hayward buildins,
fan Francisco. Cal. Dated Feb. 16. 1904.
ANNUAL mcetinc— Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company— The regular annual meeting of the
rtockholders cf the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
tation . Coirpar.7 will be held nt the
office of the compary, 327 Market st.
<rcom 4, *ecor.d floor), in the cit- and county
•of Han Francisco. State of Callforr'n. on
' ■■UESDAT. the 23d day of February. A. D.
1»O4. at the hour of II o'clock a.' m.. for the
. Vn:rpc*e of electing a board of director* to
rerve for the ensuing year ar.d for the tran»-
.ection of filch other business a* may prop-
erly come before the meeting. Tr»n»fer book*
will clote on Friday. February 12. 1004. at 3
o'clock p. in. H. W. THOMAS.
6ecret«ry Kilauea Pupar Plantation Com-
pany. 227 Market st,. San Francisco, CaL
Eaa Francisco. Cal.. Feb. 0, 1901
SIEETING NOTICES — Continued.
THE California Dehrls Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic prc-
c«ss from the New Highland Gold and Cop-
per Mir.ine Company, in Mamaluke gravel
mine, near Georgetown, El Dorado County,
Cal., draining into Canyon Creek, which
itaehes American River, gives notice that
a meeting will b? held at room 96, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cat.. March 7. 1904.
et 1:30 p. m. :
AGENTS WANTED.
EVERYWHERE In California: solicitor*, dem-
onstrators: best modern improved shoes: ten
meritorious features; permanent exclusive ter-
ritory; no risk. KDSHION KOMFORT
SHOE AGENCY. 1233 Broadway, Oakland.
WE can Ktart you in good paying business (out-
door advertising); no canvassing; men par-
•tlcularly wanted In towns of 25,000 Inhabl-
! tants and less; permanent occupation.
ATOZ. South Whltley. Ind.
i AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth havinp. Great Western Improve-
ment Coinpanj-, Parrott building.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post tt.. Kan Francisco. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENT WKITJOTa^^
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
cf property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United States,
I will cell them at 23 per 1 -nt discount for
ca«h: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and- assists Its grad-
uates to recure positions; catalogues fur-
nlrhed on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ATTORNE Vf -AT-LAW.
w7"h7^ittner^
attorney and counselor at law.
Advice Free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322, Emma t-preckels Building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ment^ for debts: bends furnished: bankruptcy
; proceedings; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made Jn all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and rave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrp. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylor.
Ac vice free all matters. Detectives employed.
I R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and offlce prac-
tice; r.o fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 30t!l.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85, 91« Market St.: tel. John «i226.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet;, advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St., rm. 301.
D. S.' CLARK, 927 Market St.: consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trade
for lodging-house. See R. G. WILKE, 2«Vi
Kearny st.
A — $1200- COFFEE saloon and bakery in choic-
est location: rent $80; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but eickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26Vi Kearny st. .
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent $75: a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE. »V4 Kearny st.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot COxlOO;
house of 4 rooms. 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon.
etc.; price $3*i0O; not all cash required; a
good business. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^
Kearny Et.
i A— $750; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California £ts. ; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKET. 20 H Kearny st.
j A — $1000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. St-e R. G. WILKE, 2*Hi Kearny st.
A— $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny St.
I A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4Vi barrels
per day: dally sales $43; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A — $:?50: THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $350; surrounded by ." theaters; private
Roxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton Ets.;
a large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
i full value in fight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 20'*. Kearny st.
A — S500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about J10;
1 choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 20U Kearny st.
A— $22<tO; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for itself; all particulars. R.
" ! G. WILKE. 20Vi Kearny et. ;
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
r WILKE. 2tiVit Kearny st.
. F A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 184«."
BUSINESS AGENT.
1 617 Market et.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
, OPEN EVENINGS.
' A — $200- PARTNER In well-established offlce
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
; an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
• A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; rood trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nl£hed. BROOKBANK. ■
I A— $700; SALOON; old established; finely fit-
ted Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
- don't fail to see this. BROOKBANK.
j A— $325; C-ROOM corner flat on Larkln .et.;
! I good location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
' A — $600; OYSTER and chop house; corner busy
[ st.; daily recpts $30; cheap rent. Brookbank.
" A DELICACY and branch bakery: one of the
■ best propositions In city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
I SKIRM. C Eddy et.. room 72.
' BARBERS, attention — Fine downtown shop; 4
chairs: Al business; only $300; 10 others.
SKIRM, 6 Eddy St., room 72.
■ I WILL sell at a reasonable price my half-
intTtt-t In a lumber yard and planing mill
in a lood town not far from San Francisco;
have a good trade and business Is increasing.
Address box 2583. Call offlce.
A GROCERY In a first-class mining
town within a day's ride of this city; good
trace and I will eell as I have other and
larger Interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 2066, Call office.
1 AN exclusive manufacturing business for
sale, all or one-half Interest; patented in the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
seller and big profits. Box 2062, Call.
, $3000— HARDWARE and repair shop, with
power; work for two men; can be enlarged;
living rooms; small rent; centrally located;
city. Address box 1C20. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store for sale; price $850;
receipts ?35 per day; rent $37 50; will stand
rigid Investigation. Address for particulars,
« box 2574. Call office. _^
j $$.00— BAKERY for Bale; established 17 years;
reason for telling, owner going away; fine
locality; all store trade. Box 1616, Call.
r — — — —
, $100— BRANCH bakery and coffee house; 4
living rooms and bath; rent $18. 1159)6
5 Oak st.. opposite car house.
s DELICATESSEN store for sale in a good
r burine'ss location in Western Addition. Box
2554. Ck!l office.
$8(i0— GROCERY and bar stocked; in good
location; rooms attached; rent cheap. Boi
" 254 L Call office. ' - - -
i A GOOD grocery store for sale cheap; must
I be sold this week- P. C. LASSEN & CO..
. 4W Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
FOK sale — Good paying : business; Colorado
} saloon, 647 Sacramento st., near Kearny; open
i all night: first-class .stand. .
: FOR sale — Cheap: saloon, lodging-houce 26
: rooms; account departure. 424 Pacific 8t.
WANTED— $1000; security ample; principal
* not agents; answer. Address box 25C0, Call.
1 FOR sale — Hor?*radUh grinding business and
delicatessen business. 2401 Vj Mission, st.
. FOR sale— Cltar stand; near Fostoffice. Boj
2556. Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , GALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnneil.
A. CAM ETtON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops .*300 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $20<X>
Groceries and bars $500 to $5Of.O
Saloons $300 to, $10,000
Restaurants $330 lo $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores. . ...$3011 to $1000
Drug stores $2l*/0 to $c,0li')
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale or trade — yuartr mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal. ; assays $40 to $7t> ton; trad.i
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-located candy store; all equip- j
inent for making own candies; established S
years; clears over $200 per month: will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
hear Investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; rent
$40; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
Ftand strict investigation; price $SO0O.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city in State; les s than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 3C-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer: rental $500 per year; horses,
bug-gleg. 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
•"hay. chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price $2250; account death. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the law? of California-
Capital stock, $50,000
927 Market St.; rooms 321; 322. 323. 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richls* furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 1« tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the be?t carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver eer-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures interest and
offlce of treasurer in an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market St.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business tstb. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A FOR QUICK SALES A
TRY KREDO & CO 7C5 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE AGENTS. .PHONE BLACK CS72
A— $000; LAUNDRY route, clears $150 month.
$550; paying restaurant business; choice lo-
cation.
$:>0O; cigar stand; transfer corner; $15 daily.
$5000; hotel. Ilumboldt Co.; 3 acres realty.
J60O; bakery, e&tab. route KREDO & CO.
A $750; SALOON: receipts $S0O mo.; bargain;
fixtures worth $t;00. ' Kredo & Co., 7C5 Mkt.
A — $S00; SALOON: wholesale district; receipts
$15 dally; bargain. Kredo & Co., 765 Market.
FOR sale — Hotel business and all furniture in
Palace Hotel, Ukiah City; also hotel busi-
ness and all furniture in Arlington Hotel,
T'klah City; only 2 hotels now in operation
in Ukiah; sales are made In pursuance of
an order made by Superior Court, Mendoclno
Ceutaty. Any one desiring to purchase ho-
tel property communicate with Effie Hung-
sted. executrix, or McNAB & HIRSCH, at-
torneys, Ukiah, Cal. Full particulars given
of all property and terms of sale.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $2500, part cash: corner
falcon, on water front. $1100. paying brewery
business, $2000, or will sell part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels ard lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
PARTY with capital, to Join advertiser In
extending established profitable wholesale
business; silent or active: references given
and required. Box 2578, Call..
$300— PARTNER wanted in light, genteel busi-
ness; must be able to devote entire time;
take full charge; to a suitable party this is
worth Investigating; experience not required.
25 Geary St., room *.
WANTED — A candy store; state price and full
particulars. Box 2550. Call.
SMALL hair dressing parlor; fine Etock of hair
geeds; bargain. 1153 Market st.
PARTY with capital as partner in paying
Jobblns concenv Box 2105, Call offlce.
BARBER shop for eale. Apply 18S3 Mission
street.
FOR sale — $750; grocery and bar; sickness
cause. 308 Eleventh Et.
SHOPROOM, 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderick St.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
CAUPET 1SKATISG AND CLEA.\1.\G.
Alii now universally used In cleaning carpet*
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
E. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237. .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. :»55-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.4 Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE EROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harlson st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S.*n Golden Gatp ave. r telephone East 26.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 ROOMS; 8 Wolfe st: rent $12; key at 4
Wolfe «t. : Folsom-st. cars.
CUKES RTJFTTJRK.
WHO? — Hunter. 1206 Market St.; $100; rupturs
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY, 604-5-6 Callaghan bWg3larket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the' only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. Fo* demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
! made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sunday*. Dr.O. B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double,
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and'
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 1019 Mkt.
1 FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new, healthful process.. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave. ; tel. Howard 3167.
? FINANCIAL. ....
4^ PER CENT ' . \ ■■■■'•
Is paid on 'ordinary savings accounts and' 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association, 516 California
rt. A. A. Watkins. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: S. Prentiss Smith.
tre8bvircr: Clarence Grange, secretary | and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardroan and Charles E. Ladd.
. directors; Walter K. Smith, cashier. .
Subscribed capital. $8,000,000: paid In capl-
. tal. $1,000,000; reserve fund. $200,000. - •
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg. . :
FLORISTS v '■'•'
FLORAL pieces for all occasions; prices rea-
Eonable. 14 Hayes et. ; tel. Jessie 16
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
j 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rcoming-houses. -hotels and
all kinds- of business chances.
Ifi2 rooms; jnost elegantly appointed apart-
ment houB-? in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; ciear-
lng $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent rer year.
18 rooms; rent $S5: well furnished; all new,
$000 down, balance 114 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250. '
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $4C(> to $r>00 per
month; one of t«e best buyB in the city.
S-room upDer flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little Kem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; tine downttwn corner house: pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 r.er day transient besides
regular roomers; will bea.r.-Investlsa»lon.
12 rooms; Po»t; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00. - •
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly Dalntcd and papered; clearing
$80 month; part cash; must leave city; $15o0.
7-room, new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
2 i rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds: furnished new In June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
7-room flat:*' rent $40; oak furniture; g-ood
carpets; sickness; price $350. ' ' (
72 roorns: rent $100: elegant new bulldln?;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing $MX> per month; every room fuH; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
CO rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price $2000.
lOfl rooms; cheap rent; first-cla*s, up-to-date
commercial house; ! clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
S rooms; upper fiat; elepnntly furnished: oak
furniture; Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; chrao rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture; Kood carpets; clears $00; leaves :j rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable. ■ „
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market: fine bar. well stocked: brick
building; electric llehts; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
0-room, new, modern flat: 4 months: ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1SOO; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: hiKh-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill in
connection: best proposition in city; called
East. |
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; halt cash; balance
time.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year-contracts
for* cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $D5: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears ?100; full; $'2000.
12 rooms: cheaD rent: fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
ail expenses: always full; sn;»p; $550.
5 rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
si 24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak, mahosany, birds^ye maple furni-
ture; extra line carpets; clears $1)5; price
$lst>0; half cash, balance l>£ per cent.
29 rooms: rent $S5: lease; newly renovated
and furnlehed;. can set 1« more rooms; good
thing; $1500.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; In
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lichts, hot and cold, water; everything
up-to-date; !)-year leane; rent only $200; clear-'
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
CM rooms: Market st.: rent only $300; fine
transient house: very central; Hquor license;
can cleaV $250 to $H50 per month; must be sold
•within ten days to BPttle estate; only $700 cash
to get in, balance time; big enap.
44 room": rent' only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease: running water: new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2S0O.
35 rooms; rent only $150; close In; thorough-
ly renovated: nut in fir^t-class condition; can
be run transient if desired; clears now $1S5
per mo.; part ca-sh, bal. time;, good money-
maker.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 tier mo.; regular «nap; only $800
to set in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
127 rooms; rent $4 per room; new and mod-
ern buildins; « years' lease; can have 125
more rooms built adjoining; all men; always
full; clears $300 to $400. per month; fine prop-
osition.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing- $250 to $300,
very central; first-class proposition. ,
r — — — -^ ■
C. E. HINKLEY. -PHONE MINT 700.
1020 Market ft., opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
. Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
',20 rooms; mechanics' lease; rent $40 $575
CO rooms: trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low price.$350
34 rooms; ront $IJ0; Just think $1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
0 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up ..> $i;;o
20 rooms; clears ?S0; rent $40 $830
40 rooms; mechanics' house: rent $00... $1000
16 rooms; rent $50: clears $C3; terms $950
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $53 ?1«OO
CO rooms; Market- st.; liquor license .$3500
12 rooms: California st. ; rent $50; snap. $750
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $4Q: rent $28. $500
10 rooms; Bu?h St.; rent $37 50; only.. $450
18 rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $15 $423
35 rooms; transient;- lease $1500
8 rooms; Post st. : rent $32; only $250
12 rooms: I'tlk st. ; partially furnished. .$450
WESTERN REALTY CO. .... .Tel.- South 1048
1007^ Market St., near Sixth
• -...Try us
And we will prove we have
....The flat or lodging-house you want....
List your hotels and lodging-houses with
"Western Realty Co. and get quick returns.
0 rooms: clears $32 monthly: sacrifice. .$375
8 rooms; bath; all new furniture ......$500
17 rooms; near Market; bargain for. ..'.-. $850
18 rooms; new carpets and furniture. ..$800
4 rooms; flat; rent $15; bargain ,$ioo
Those are onfy a few of the many we have
booked: cell and get a free list. The West-
ern Realty Co.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 MARKET ST. 1026 MARKET ST.
18 rooms; rent $05; well furnished $075
21 rooms; rent $15; north, of. Market $125
2S rooms; rent SCO; Howard st. ...... ..$1300
.30 rooms; rent $»i0; best of furniture. ..$1800
CO rooms; rent ¥250; near Sutter .....$5500
t)S rooms; rent $4 50 room: new, mod..$U500
115 rooms; cheap rent; • elegant apart. .'.$5500
Telephone Jessie' 2211.
& WOLF. 1026 Market st.
A— $3250: LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
clearing $250 per moYith: lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts.; all sunny rooms;
• furniture nrst-class; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $950; LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$100; located close to Market and Stockton;
good furniture and 'first-class paying. R. G.
WILKE. 2'jVj Kearny st. ,
FOR sale — Rooming house, 9 rooms; neatly
furnished, clean; reasonable; going away.
305 Golden Gate ave. ' :. ' .
SNAP — Lodging-house, ■ 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk st.
54-ROOM corner house: -Sixth, near Market:
house always full: must sell. Box 211H. Call.
FURNISHED house. 8 rooms and bath: must
tsell: party leaving city., 311 Leavenworth st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lflOS Market St., .'opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r. m
WAXTKD. |
WANTED— A good lodging house, one ( that
will bear investigation.' Add, box 120. Call.
a-^ _ j coxa^ECTxoir offices.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or . country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 3-10; tel. \ 6588.
LpnGIXO HOUSES FOR SALR— Con.
' ■
MARION GRIFFIN.
' '
4C6 Hearst . bids., over E.xamlner entrance.
Modem business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with ever}' sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
10- room apartment-house; 5 blocks north of
Market Bt.; almost no work for landlady;
clears a little over $50 month; now $S50;
was $1250. f
Would you pay $2000 down and run a transient
house for $500 monthly pront?
14 rooms . near First Congregational Church;
rent $45; straight rooming-house; clears
$47 7."» per month: oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes the sale.
56-room apartment-house, nicely located on a
corner near Van Ness ave.; full of nice peo-
ple; thoroughly respectable and reliable.
CO rooms, well and favorably known; owners
will grant free access' to their account books
and prove that the clear profit Is $300 month;
elevator, electric lights; modern all through.
REMEMBER— First, tbat we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay $500 down, for we will lend
you the balance, payable in monthly install-
ments.
52-room. respectable, corner bay-window house;
clears $341 a month; long lease; low rent;
if lookins for a respectable money maker a
. good investment. '
LITTLE payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; NE. corner; 5 blocks north of Market;
price $1000; better see it before buying else-
where. .
See this Item; corner apartment-house of
150 rooms elegantly furnished; nlv.-ays full
and clearing $514 monthly; Inexpensively
operated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent; clears 40 per cent
per annum on purchase price.
50-room house: perfectly appointed; very cen-
trally located; elegantly furnished last April
in the best furniture and carpets obtainable;
electricity for elevator and lights; hot water
in each room; lease for a years; income $49i>
over rent; all large single rooms ar.d roomers
all business men.
Brand new houso 4 blocks north of Market: 30
large, desirable rooms: low rent; 3-year
lease; most, artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
BEAUTIFUL furniture; 16 rooms; clean and
tine; absolutely worth 3 times the amount
we are asking you. but on account of im-
meaiate departure will give it for $000.
115 rooms. $6300; rent $330; income $S0O per
month; lease if desired; LOOK at the rent —
" remarkably low; NOTE the Income.
NEW houre. 29 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
$U0; only men roomers; price $1500; all cash.
23 rooms on Sutter st. ; rent $75: well fur-
nished; all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month.
Spot cash ($425) before February 27 takes a
lti-room houee north of Market; new build-
ing: rmt $45; 10 rooms newly and elegantly
furnished; U rented unfurnished; 4 big bay
windows.
$275- per month Income over rent; LARGE
house on Market: price S350O; half cash and
small monthly installments; furnishings in
good order; it's O. K. for any one with $1750
in bank.
19 rooms; MAP.K what we claim: good build-
ing, new Axnrtinster and velvet carpets, beau-
tiful birdse>v maple, oak and mahogany
furniture, bought new last August: lease;
$100 per month put into bank; nicely located;
5 blocks north of Market Et.
22 rooms; income $117 over rent; new and nice;
full of refined, permanent roomers; beauti-
fully furnished with hair mattresses, oak,
mahogany, and heavy Brussels carpets; a
SWELL PROPOSITION.
VAN NESS and Geary is a good location: 10
rooms well furnished; yields good living for
5 people; for sale at a BARGAIN on EASY
TERMS.
32 rooms. $2000; clears $150 month: lease for
3 years; transient and permanent: sunny
side of street; good business for two people.
SPIRlTUALISai.
MR'' DR MAKTIN. wonderful spiritual heal-
er'ar.d buslne's medium; mining a specialty;
advice I Kuar'inteee on all business -proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will brine reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one ypu love; readings by mail most
satisfactory, i'i: readings daily, $1: develop-
ing class Thursday. S p. m. 502 Lddy st.
W O KEKGAN hold? test peances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit.. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth et.
MME YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night. 10c; rvadinss dally. 019 McAllister.
MRS. LESTER,' 325 Turk st. ; life reader, busi-
ness medium; 'readings daily; clr.Tuea & Frl.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 EIUs, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $1.
His former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. ?1. $1. $L $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
You conluft him.
(You to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. • An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop- mediums, gl\e advice on mino»
and burled treasures and insure you success*
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to S p. m. : Sundays. 2 to 6.
32G — O'Farrell st. — 326.
MME. M. EERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to ovtrcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 45159.
~ KHEM. THE MYSTIC.
Is sojourning at 33U Polk st.. city (suites .'•
and 4), where he gives marvelous life read-
ings . by ancient Egyptian occult knowledge,
transmitted to chosen initiates three succes-
sive ages from earliest antiquity: this knowl-
edge covers, in the readings, every condition
cf human affairs, and glv.s for one dollar
unexcrtled enlightenment regarding present
and future.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satlsfac-
1 tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
j full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; dbn't send currency: send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. E. M. SANDERS.
Advice, given on. all kinds of business;
teicher cf mental suggestion and the new;
thought. 1COJ Sutter st. Phone. 2568 Polk.
. Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in. the city:
palmistfl, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings' to 10,000
people in San Francisco since our arrival;
they nre satisfied, so will you be. -235' Geary.
MISS ZEMTJAR. young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I ■ correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success: names;
L.. 50c: G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G.
MME.' RAVENNA reads life; business advice;
■ names given; 25c up. Office hours. 10 a. m. to
5 p m.. 5 4th »t.: 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at resi-
dence. 835 Howard St.; Sundays at residence.
' ' MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
Voyant.card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MISS M. W1LLE. crystal seer. life reader:
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 4f>0 Geary.
MME. OLIENTA. clalr., card reader; la. 25c:
gents 50c: hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. 3
May re. Terrace.-' , . ' . : ).
MISS WARD.: for a few days, 917 Market, rma.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. <ith; open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; -ladles 25c;
. gents 60c; ; houra 1 to 9. 120 6th St.. room 15.
OLDEST lady. palmist and 1 card reader in city.
- 2(Jli Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c; gents 50c.
CLAIRVOYANTS Con tinned.
MRS BROWN "clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to IS^t 6th; la.25c: g-S^c
MADAM FERN, card reader of 109. Fifth «..
removed to US Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now if 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SU Jessie st.. bet, oth and 6th.
EDIXATIONAL^^^
NlolHT^ANb^rJAY^ScTlOOLS for men and
working boys; instruction from the* futn
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men: business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention Siyen :
thirty Instructors; private coaching; nignt
law school; Instructors from University ot
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers dynamos engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association if desired;
international certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to the
city directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial Influence of a great
moral institution; our work Is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city: our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges In the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantage* over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; we are not In business to make money,
but "to make men": especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Practical Education for Men and Boys. II. J.
McCoy General Secretary. San Francisco.
Address all communications to LE ROY
BURNS SMITH. Educational Director.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st'.; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewrite™
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from C to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo principal; exceptional advantages;
largest' school of the kind In the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want WO stud»nt«>: com* and
Join the great school of the West: 75-page
catalogue. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum an accreditrd preparatory <tchoot
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes- <
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeer ing. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market Et.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows* bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Po?t
st. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mln., mech.. sur-
vey assay cyanide: day, <v. ;est.lSG4. Van
derNaillen' School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evga.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing tausfht.
GUITAR mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Halght st. '
ESPANOL — Metodo practico y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano, 530 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BANJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary et.
$75 TUITION of the California Business Col-
lege for safe. • $50. Box 2549. Call.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post st., room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st— Night class.
PIANO lessons 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GlET^o^iwlp^rPINFjAPANESE BMPLOT~
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. ■ 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church: Dhone Poitc 3669.
GEORGE AOK1. 421 Pott «t.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. -426 Powell Bt. Tel. Main 57C2.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMFLOYMEXT WA.\Tt!D~»KB3IALE.
WANTED — Situation as cook, family. $30; ex-
perienced ' nurse. $«0; nurse girl, $20; laun-
dress, $30; middle-aged woman, housework.
$"0 S. J BEAN. 17 Fourth et.; phone Bush
107.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes position to do
general housework and plain cooking: wages
$25. 37!t Fifth Ft., between Folsom and Har-
rison.
SWEDISH woman wishes place to cook in a
boarding-house; wages $25 or $30. Please
call or address 26C Rltch st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day a« laun-
dress and housecleaning. Address 443 Mc-
Alllster st.
AN elderly reliable woman wishes position;
general housework: good cook; light wash-
ing. 443 McAllister st.
A GOOD cook and housekeeper wishes to go a
short distance In the country; good refer-
ences; no postals answered. 162 South Park.
GOOD, competent woman wishes situation to
do housework short distance in the country:
is a cood cook. Address 227 Minna st.
WANTED— Position to do cooking and house-
work, small family; wages, $25. 12SVi Ninth
St., near Mission.
SITUATION wanted by a Canadian Protestant
woman In private family; good cook. Call
315 Gou£h st.
COMPETENT younsc woman wish»s sweeping
and dusting by the day. Call 1 453 Polk Bt.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, recently from
Marshall Field's, Chicago, wishes position
as fitter or day engagements ;. city reference.
Address H. L., S02 Valmcia st.
PARTIFS with finest references will take
charge of home for owners going abroad for
several months, or a permanent position of
that kind: have no children: or will manage
for widower's or bachelor's home, either
tpwn or country. Box 2110, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook want* a position
in club or Institution or firxt-class private
family: speaks good English: best references.
Cali or address MME. D. THIEBAUD. New
Western Hotel.
A COMPETENT, reliable, young woman de-
sire* housework; city or county; In a good
family: small wages. Box 2B06. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS German and English cook wants
a position in first-class hotel, city or country.
MISS FLEM.MING. New Western Hotel.
AMBITIOUS, bright schoolgirl wishes position
as office assistant; will accept small salary
fo.- experience. J. W.. 645 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a position as
housekeeper; no children; wages from $20 to
525. Box 2547. Call.
SITUATION wanted as* child's nurse; refer-
ences. Address 134 Duncan st.
A YOUNG girl want* to take care of children
and do upstairs work. Call 3S4S 26th st.
A YOUNG refined „ Eastern woman would like
to take charge of one or two children; no
objection to country *r traveling; references
given. Box 21«7. Call of flc«.
EXPERIENCED lady nurse wishes situation to
care for Invalid by month; price reasonable.
Box - 2526, . Call. - /
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekteper'a po-
sition; neat: eood cook; no objection to
■ country. Address box 2072. Call office, j
■ YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as offlce as-
sistant. Box 2ti74, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
: desires permanent position. . Bo 1 2631, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIFiST-CLAPS dressmaker wishes enga£«raer.'i
by the day. cut and fli guaranteed. 73*>
Octavia st.
COMPETENT mldd!e-e?ed colored woman
w..uld like a situation as child's nurse. 2740
Greenwood st. •
A GKRMAN'lady would like a position as gov-
erness. Phor.e John 2C1>1 or address 573
Twentieth «t.. Oakland.
JAPANESE girl wants position to do cooking
and housework In city. 1109 Pierce St.; lei.
Scott 17!>5.
ADVERTISEMENTS, suh^-riptions received at
Call branch ofnVe. cor. I'unc.in Sc Church *ts.
WANT ads and snibscrietions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. »"»: McAllister st.
Esri.ovnKXT wanted — male.
SOBER man wants place to da chores; handy
at housework; understands care of horses.
al.«o sardi-n; can milk; roo.1. steady place
ami moderate wages preferred. W. H.. 1O7
Howard »t.
COLORED boy. 22 years old. would Uk» place
In private family or to drive a wagon;
knows the city well and kn^ws how to do
porter and Janitor work. Box IRIS. Call.
POSITION as watchnian or guard; have beea
such before; can furnish Kocd references.
Address, box 4311, Call office.
COMPETENT head cook, position In restau-
rant or hotel; city or country. Address box
4312. Call. %
WANTED^ — I>y a competent gardener and
greenhouse man. private place or Institution;
best of references. A. W.. box 2614. Call.
, . «
CHIROPODIST, flrst-clasa. wants position;
state salary. Address Doctor. 1325 Powell
St.. city.
CASHIER, restaurant. Is cpen for employment.
Eox 2124. Call office. _
AN experienced buyer and manager is open for
engagement; men's clothing, hats, furnishing;
goods; thoroughly competent to take full
charge; firot-ctasa Jn every respect; knows
how stock should be handled to make money;
in cr out of the city; principals only. Atl-
dre»>s box 2522. Call office.
RELIABLE man, 2fi, wants position in prlvat*
place, city or suburbs; nrst-class horseman
and driver; generally useful; thoroughly
competent In every respect; best of refer-
ences. Box 2C18, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
draughtsman desires employment. Addresa
A. C. B.. S12 Bristol «t.. West Berkeley.
PRIVATE records accurately kept: book«
opened; closed trial balances; statements s^nt;
advertising- lists furnished; addressing, etc.;
representative salesmen, solicitors: collections;
reliable; confidential. Address box 150, Call.
BARBER, first-class American young man. de-
sires position at Mountain resort season 10<M:
steady, reliable; state particulars, etc.; city
references. Box 2015, Call office.
EY middle-aced man as clerk or buyer; as-
sist clerk in hotel: 12 years aa buyer for
wholesale grocery house; good reference. Ad-
dress box 1040. Call office. Oakland.
WASTED — A position as master mechanic wlta
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call office. Oakland.
GARDENER, reliable and industrious, wants
position; well up in his business: best of.
references. Address box 1046, Call office.
-
THE jrreat modern system cutter on Rents'
garments; 27 years of as»: 14 years' experi-
ence; in country, or city. 4:ti> Natoma si., city.
ELDERLY man to wash cans and work around
dairy. Box 2122. Call office.
MARRIED man wants situation as Janitor;
references furnished. Box 25i^S. Call.
CASHIER, restaurant, is open for employment.
Box 211:4. Call office.
BOY, 15. want* work on farm: has had »im»
experience. Address E. Z.. S41A Howard st.
CHNEPE boy. first-claf s cook.' wishes plac* in
good family; good reference; wages $M. Call
between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m.. phone China
14«. Address box 2121. Call office.
JAPANESE wishes general housework, and!
help cooking; no objection to country. 2C>'J9
Mission St.; tel. White 256.
JAPANESE boy want3 situation aa plain
cook or laundry; very experienced: formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA. 51S Je?9ie st,
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position at
housework and help cooking. F. L\. 1040
McAllister St.; tel. Fell 7131.
A JAPANESE, good, honest boy, wants a po-
sition cooking and housework: city or coun-
try. F. O.. 931 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22UO Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10GG
Valencia »t.
FLAT S TO LET.
A HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense ll*ti
«ervice absolutely fr»e: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar«
listed In our renting department; let us «;lv«
you a list and help you find one Jn the loca-
tion you want. ' STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market *t. ; *ervlces abso-
lutely free.
NEW Bats; just completed; every possible con-
venience; close to main entrance to park;
all night car service; every room, sunny:
rents from $27 50 to ?C3; open 1 to 4. 763
Seventh ave., near Fulton *t.
I WANT to rent a flat of 5 or 6 rooms In
cood location, on street-car line preferred;
state location and particulars. Box 2573.
Call office. .
SACRAMENTO, 3746, near Spruce — Elegant
lower flat of R rooms and bath; rent $30.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post »t.
FCT..TON,. 15M — A modern sunny flat of S
rooms; new.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1023 — Large flat; light
and sunny; rent reasonable.
JACKSON. 3601— Corner flat: 6 rooms; bath;
marine view; aunny; $17 SO.call after 2 p. m.
FLAT of • rooms: fine marine view; bathroom
and toilet separate. 2114 Leavenworth sj,
FLAT, 9 rooms, bath, sink and washroom*;
rent $27 50. Key 294ft Mission st.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 110 Montgomery »t.
NEW sunny flat. S rooms and bath; fine loca-
tlon: rrnt $45. 2S'i2 Sacramento st.
FLATS TO LET — FURXISHED.
DEVISADEP.O. 1627. near Sutter— Beautifully
furnished upper flat of 5 roms. hath and re-
ception hall; sun all day; lights free; rent
$35. ,
FURNISHED f.at of 4 rooms and bath; yard:
$35; central. Box 1619. Call office.
FLATS FOK SALE— tTRXlSHEP. "
SUNNY 7-room centrally located fiat at a sac-
rifice; furniture good: water in 4 rooms: no
agents or jobbers need reply. Bo* »l». Call.
FURNITURE of 5 rooms complete; best con-
diticn: modern flat: bargalTrT^O Octavia »r.
FUKMTIHE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat; sun In every
room everything clean and ready to liva in.
will be ready -Hh: rent S-5; location. How-
ard and 22d ets. Call 4'Ki Valencia, ccr. 15th.
FIKAITI'KE WA5TED. .
HIGHEST prices fcr furniture nd mdse. U H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.: tel.Hnward 'JT.-'-t
HELP "AXTED FE3IALE.
THIS office opens at 8: 30 a. m. ; closes 5.3;>
p. m. : Monday a holiday; office not open; a
first-class cook for large family. $5o; *
working housekeeper imust cook plainly) an>l
assist with an .Invalid lady, placa In city,
wages $30 a month: a strong, nurse for rheu-
matic invalid. $&> and found: a French nur-
sery governess. S3'>; an experienced pantry
girl for hotel. $3O and room out: a waitress
ar.d parlarmald, small family. £U>: a first-
class laundress, $:;t>; a first-class ccok for an
American family in city, $45: a waitress for
small family. $25: a nurse for an infan:.
525: 15 housework girls. $20 to $35. Call
Tuesday at MISS PLUNKETT3, 425 Sutter
»t., near Powell; Monday holiday; office not
open. MISS PLUNKETT'ri, 425 Sutter St..
ntar Powe".
A CATHOLIC girl as kitrhen maid in private
family, no re-iror'fitbllity of cooking: ■$->•'.
MISS PLUNKETT. 1L.T. Suiter St.. nr. Powel!
YOUNG woman an working housekeeper: $15.
819 Filbert st. •
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 411
Ashbury euiOU KNOW WHOM TO TELL YOUR TROUBLES TO ■=
— FHMAM3 — Cob.
C 9S!^ for ""I* 11 *Aait*r1uni $35
CpcK. kitchen helper kept $50
K.tcfaen beljler eaane.plac* ».$a5
a cooKij. Arm.rioan famyies.:- $30-$S5
« co»k*. Gfrtnin style *SO-f£7,
2^ et-ctfna. prMs-.7 $2t)-$25
'.ompar.ioiv rppwn children, .hotel $28
Snurte^rl*..-..: flM=0
Chan~.bmr.aid fcn4 .waiting, resort $30
u-lwh««n helper". ...•.• ; $20
jVallreSs. emsM 4/licatesFen ."...".. .'$2»
44 house Klr!*. c^y and <vjuntry\»t.$20-$25-$30
Apply ft> J-'F. t.-KOSKTT ■&: CO., 334. Sutter.
W 'V*. T : Kr> ~ I: * lr *'" c * ast cock, come housework,
?.£•" ""■'■shing,- <40. country; Enslish nurse,
5.^0; cook. p?ai» work, Alaraefla; S30r German
•. «nrk, J.^4; uuanf* "nurse, $30. Apply to J.
. r. iflsOSETT. •&; CO,. p4 Butter -St. '
A* FI!»ST.-eLX£6 : Araerican cook; $35; 2, Oer-
"• S 1 *^- cookR - ■ **5'; a. OermsTi woman to do
. ric-CBVf^sork ana -cooking .m RmaJl family, sKort
elegance, $35;. a woir.an .w'ttr a child. $2«: 2
. second girls, $-ft; housegirl. $35. small fam-
ily: 'a. laur.(5re««. $50; 60 housegirl*, ?25 and
*.W0.;; MRS. NCRTOX. T.1S Sutter st.
A CHILD 4 S r.unee: must have references; $35.
-. -..APP'y MRS. NORTON. S13 Putter et.
.. t *AT >I ES wantefi er*ry'wr.er«\ copying letters at
-cam* or spare time imd return to
. n«; no m.-uiing or canvassing; $9 weekly
• **roed; materials free; inclose self. address-
ed envelope fqr particulars. Gur.r&nte* Co.,
' • Koi S» -Ninth St.. Philadelphia^ Pa.
'•* — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreeilng,
•manicuring, etc; trade taucht from A to Z
In 3 weeks; f5 to tho?e entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fi!l Immediately;, positions ctiaran-
'• J**d *t tl» per week, up; leading school In
• ■ vt ** t - 2S3 Geary rt.. room 13.
A — Girls, to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught froni start to finish
In 1 rnoat* fcr $15; positions as trimmers,
•alepladies. «.<;.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all- branches balrdresslng
trace, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
__**_Mrfcest wages; gay and eve. class; call.
WAXTED-RtTTC*; B lrl to Co housework and
l^bt washicg. Call Tuesday at 25S Tblr-
__te«cth ct. bttwwa 10 aafl 11 a. m.
FINISHER en /rftstom coats; experienced but-
tonhole msJreT preferred; «;6o«l wages. 14
**axrlet st. •
"WANTED-- Glr; for ren*ral housework; plain
cocKlnj;. 4 In family; no wa*hlr.r. Call 1427
Etelner gt.; frw Ellis.
•T A . I^f ) *' E^ s «*o understands operating sod
"' "X**Z ■ ■ .*V» k!n * on custom coats. 1125
: i e t wntrppr '- marks
- TA LEXfED 6.raa;enr performers. Apply at
■^ tJfcutes q p. tn. Wednesday; salary no object.
• JVA.VTED— Toung woman of experience Tr
' "-"T for rhild 2 year* or age; must be re-
. nn<;<J sSd cotcc well recomm-r.d«*d ; koo4 po-
■ . *«'£*! for one who arprecittes a good noin»:
. . * Al+ ace. experience and salary expected
•_ Apply box 2O)7. Call offlce.
..FIVE -business women at once; references and
Box 2112. Call effle*.
X : BRANCH office of Tbe~Ca~ll for the reception
o. fidvertisem^nts and *ul»criptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opi-osite Fifth
. Oj>cn ur.UI 11 p. ta.
A^ V -r'^ T1SEMES * TS ' sub^rirtlons received at
■ Cu.i t ranch o^ftre. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
.. " • HELP WANTED — MAt.ai.
" AT C. R. UAKSE3I &~CO Phone Gram 1S5
. . FOR NEVADA.
NEW GOVERNMENT DITCH WORK.
•T^am«f rs 2;>c hour
■ • I^rcrerr 25c hour
• ' -Rocluaes 27^. c hour
Tunnel rr.uckfTE 27'»c hour
.\.ii' ui "'^ <Jril> rs 31^c hour
•...•• .' FARE RKFcNDED
• Sfc-ond cook, jpss mo.; brcUer. *G."i mo., Ortt-
• cliise cafe, north, fare advanced.
*w«iaa r.an. o<juntr>' notH. lar» paid $45
: .>'•£• tabie man. make watfW. country hotel. $.JJ
■ 'Ra«cti blacksmith. Alarm ds <'o $40 founil
,' m Hnrijmn t!avt»r $3 day
*."Y'.un«r German to nelp in nursery. . .$12 (reck
. Tfcr*e nuKw. m»»r.taJ cas<-«. institution
- < ountry $35
. ra.-;:y cock and bakf-. $75; helper $:il': flrst-
« ■ laff Southern ''iijiornia hotel.
' .A rasduaan. institution, countrj- $25
•- t". U ' H AXSEX & CO 42$ Bush rt.
A— WANT ta rent — >i tenm? fcr Ta'.!roa<l work
; c in CallXornla; Fcraj>*-r work: 3 months' work
;uaremf*d. For particulars, apply C K
. T1AN.SKN » cyi.. 4'.-i Bui-h M.
' A- -PACIFIC rilPLOYMEXT aGENCT,
j2C Montgomery st.— Z,-JC.
5':i"n- Main 1191. Uprtair^.
coal, mixers — xnw mexico.
I Isbf-rf-r*. NEVADA S hourf.
. TEAMSTERS. 8 bcurs=. 2 rears* JOB.
• 10 ;:-'! crf-r *:<■: ms--trr>-, $1 75 day.
. 10 4-hors* tfamFtr-t>. $2 day.
"Sectnd cook, city hotel. S50 and found: ni^ht
' ecM.k. city rrttaurant. J.12 we^k; cook, private
farcily.
TWO mllken. J27 SO and SZ5 and found: farm-
• er and wif?. |30. small : cboffliaa. $15 and
farad; butler for country; ro.«taurant r-o;ks.
fii and US w«-ck: cook. ■:::;•: I hotel. $35 to
$*O. and others. J. F. CROPKTT & CO., *Z$
Sacramento rt.
WANTED — Bright solicitors for "War Between
• .-■ Itusfia and Japan." by Murat HalPtead: Lest
: book; big book; enormous demand; b:g prcfit?;
freight paid; credit given; outfit Int. The
.. "IJom:nton Company, D*>pt. B.. Chicago.
a— l . r~
Men t. - learn ihe iarber trade in '.wo monl>*
' .• m r io secure gt>oi positions; cstalujrue and f-ill
' InfonBation mailed free- MULER o y»tera
; CJilete, C-S <_l»y rt.
YOUNG nnen everywhere, copy I'tters. home
.eve'iinps, $9 5u week; pend addr*!-»M en- |
" '• v^lope tor particulai*. Manager Dept. P 4.
fox 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. 1
STRONG boy, 1« to 'Ju ycer« old. for janitor
wort; wsc*-* $25 a month to Mart; st'ady }ub.
".Apply box 4>13, O.1I otfice.
PAN'TF maker for country- Apply RKIPS
.- T»ROJ= A- CO.. 24 butter st.
RELIABLE boys to distribute samples. In-
•' «julre 15a Teuth t-t.. bfscr S a. m.
..'fiLDERLV mBn to watih cans and wcrk around
. • dairy. Box i'122, Call office.
.- DARKER shop in hotel; 3 chairs; must m?ll this
; week. 1 FraxikHn *■'•. curr.tr Market.
/WANTED — Apprentice bo;- over 14 years to
• •.-learn painting trade. 41S»i Post et.
v JBALtJJEKS, take notice — The office of r»cre-
"■.- lary and Free Km:<loyment Bureau ha* re-
• rnoved to 9 City Hall f-ij.. or ISOt Market *t.
' Journeymen Barbers' Union, Ixical 148. JOS.
; • R. BLEILT. Secretary.
WANTED — Exn*ricriced solicitors, men and
woxren. handle m*Ti;handige contracts; good
comp*-nFStion : r*ry {irorostion to place; In-
v*«t!*rat«». Royal Mfreenttle Co.. suite 1!».
Columbian bldg.. or tift2 liroadway. Oakland.
ili.N and women want«d to 1»eiti the barVr
• trade in Is week* Jor $15. under competfr.t
tettcher. TV>«tcrn Col!e«i' of Barbers. <H7
Commerlcal »t.. Far. I"rnnci*co.
FIRHT-CLASS ttro-cha!r barber shop. CJ miles
from cit}'; good butanes*; for eslr or pi-
>'r:.'f for city *hop. L. DE RITIS. S38
Omn rt.. city. ■ v -v.
GOVERNMENT posltlcn*— Csll at room !4.
C:ih floor, ?>(£> Larkln st.. ior free infonitatlon
". it- to positions, talarlet. age limit*, etc.; Uay
. .or evcnlr.rs. .
THT our men's shoes, union trc<l». at $1 and
fl SO i>a!r; fool-form »hr*-« at f? :*}; we pay
exiire** cr jr.sit charges. 11 3d si.. Exam. b!d.
WANTED — I-iborers and ircclisnlcs to know
llist iza Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
•aided loO new rt-omn So the Denver House.
217 Third «t. ; ISO rooms; 25c to 5Oc jicr r.ifht.
TRT our men's shcrs. union made, at $1 nnj
$: 5o i>»-r pair. foot-Term shoe* at $2 60 or
©rthor*>tflc shoes.W DO: b**t s1k«s on car;h 11
Third f|.. Kxptti. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
A -MAN <jt ratfOtnltsM* er.ergv and push, a good
talker ec^er in tr.e',:* money. F. PERSON.
477 ar.d 47S Parrctt building.
THREE young men to earn their way through
.rujiloge outride of Kchool hours. California
"nusiri'ss College. 3C»5 Larkin tt.
COMPHTKNT UluMwipi I Rive er». experience
cnd'saJary e-rpected. Anrwer in handwriting.
. box 2tC5. «"c!l office.
- iv ANTED— A rood carpet wt-avtr. Apply at
GEO. MATT13E7.S'. 703 5th Et.. Oakland.
•Kl'LIATtLL" married GeTtnan; understands
tending bar: c:«-j can sell Indoor*. 2005. Call.
150 YOUNG rr*n. IS year* -of age. to organize
military organization. Call P. FZANIK. 473
Valencia et.. brt. 6 and h D. m.
TENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
y»?ars' practice : rcf erenc>?s from thousands of
persons for whent I have secured pensions,
'SALESMAN. Insurance experience; $100 per
.- month; bond required. Bex 2546. Call.
BLACKSMITHS, carper.tern. rreen hands and
eallors for wha.llng. Dent's place, 26 Steuart.
HAN to do work fcr tuition In 8. F.
barber Scbocl. 741 Howard st.
EAILORS ar.d ordinary searacn for deep-water
chips. Apr))' DENT'S place. 26 Steuart st.
TENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Ptaelsa
• .£*■ I «*t Coo. Geo. H. Tbonuus Pcst,G. A.1U
HELP WAXTBD—MALK — Continued.
A— WURRAT A READY. 634-G36 Clay pi.
Phone Main 5S48.
1803We Gave 1904 We Hop* to
«0.000 Men Worlc Increase 00.000
' " ~TO"
AniZOXA.
SHIP DAILY.
Close to Prescott, Arizona; g. F. A P. P.
000 Men for Railroad Work. Good Wages.
910 Miles. ARIZONA. $9 10.
MISCELLANEOUS.
2 head timber fellers, good wages, see boss
here; farmer and wife, Napa County, see
boss here; baker, country shop. $40 and
found; ranch cock, $25 and found; saloon
cook. $.V>; porter for Mdoon, $45; married
fnllker, south. $40 and house; carriage paint-
er country'. $3 day; woodturner, planing-
ml'4. $:; 50 day; 6 cooks, 4 watters. farmers,
choremen. plow teamsters and milkers; tin-
smith. . countrj' Job; woodchoppers, good
prices: milker. Blskiyou County, fare paid.
$30 and found; terra, cotta worker; black-
smith h»!p*r, $40 found; gardener, $25 found;
cock, small country hotel, $30 found, fare
paid.
MIXES.
GOLD AND SILVER.
Fire single and double hand miners for gold
quartz mine. $S2 50.
Ml.HRAT &. READT. «34-636 Clay st.
BARKEEPKR; German ope'aking; must be
quick and polite; positively state references
of last two placex. Pox KM 7. Call office.
WANTED — Good barber, evenings and Satur-
day and Sunday. 3147 Twenty-fourth st.
SHOKMAKEH; steady work. 7."ifl Howard
street.
HALF Interest In a good 3-chalr barber shop
for sale.- 250 Sixth st.
WANTED — Dishwasher at 400 Tenth st.
BEDMAKER wanted] Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third sti. near Mar-
ket — "00 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and taggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 ;■>'. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Minion St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET yoiTr shoes half-soled while Tialtlng; 25c
tb . r .0c. 5C3 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
JU'ST arrived from the Howard estate, New-
man, carload of broke and unbroken horses
weighing from 1200 to l- r i00 pounds. At
FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S stockyards. 1732
Market st.
FOR tale — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, sound and gentle; l!-seated trap; sil-
ver mounted hameys. Call at car barn, Em-
eryville.
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
WANTED — A good young horse for delivery
uafc-cn. Box 1T,C3. Call.
WANTED — A r.-.:sin"»* buggy in good condi-
tlin Addres? box. 127. Call.
FOR sale — Six second-hand express wagons
ard two trucks. 2^3 Beale st.
Al F.Xl'RESS wagon, light camping wagon
tr.d go-cart fcr sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Larg-est a«sortmt IM-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey. harness, work.drlvlnghorses. 15th- Valencia
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
si:h?criptlons hns been established at lOOt;
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S nf we for 5 cents— The Werkly Call.
l(i papc?. In wrapper.for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to^etT^ienT?or~c!r^
cuiar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES FinMSIIED FOR SALE.
$00i»; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
fe-roonied house; new furniture. Kt>9 Sut-
t»r st.
LFAVENWORTH. !C0, nr. Sutter— 14 rooms,
10 furaUhed. $^.V) cash: a bargain.
HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED — To rent suburban home, complete-
ly furnished, with large grounds, for the
summer months-; not more than l>i hours'
ride from city; give full particulars. Box
254S. Call.
IXVKSTMEXTS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES!
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMAN! A INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
LOST AXD l'dl'.M). .
HORSEMAN would like to meet gentleman
willing to play good inside information at
Oakland races. Address box S. Golden Gate.
California.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibemla Savings
and Loan Society of San FranCisco. In the
name of ANDREW RYAN or Margaret C.
Ryan. No. 277-liM>. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Bracelet set with diamonds; $10 reward.
8-'»5 California St.
LOST— Package of spoons and forks on the
Polk-rt. car. b»t. 1 :.J0 and 12 p. m. Return
same to 70SA Guerrero st.; reward.
j LOST — Memorandum hook. Return to William
s Sulli'an. 15 Sixth St. ; $5 reward.
MOXEY TO LOA.V
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-WJ2-CO:; Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dirappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly,
nstatff, second mortgage*, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
•ereits iu property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
fee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
' A rcsM)nable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, tn city, town
cr country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano.
v.ltlviut r<*rr.ov.-»] or other security: no -com. ;
f«;r«*-t ratt-s-: strictly confidential. National
Credit Cc. c.z Oonchoe bide. 1170 Market st.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
• harts, famsters. boarding-houses, without
Mcur!»y; ensy pavmenti«: large business In
40 rrtn<- ir . a i cities. Tolman. ."5-1 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal aCvancm on diamonds. JewMry. at 2
|it cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
«*4fi Matket: t*!. Main U',44. Branch. I» Third.
A — 1 r«-r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
■1. mi commission, no publicity: $23 up: quick,
private, confidential. 2ft Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. .TAfOT:SON & CO.. ffntarUI brok»r». Emma
Fpreck»lp bl£fc.. rm. «"2l ; loans and all other
ttr«r.clnl matters n«"r* tlateil: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: poid. silver,
dlani'.nd*. pearls and precious Rtones bought
«t: W. .1. HRSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10- Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000
KF.W easy ir.ethnd — To wage earners on unln-
<Jor?"d notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 43-4!). Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed nctes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pnclan bids.
AT lowest rate* on furniture and plsnos; strict
privacy; no commission :tnstal!ments accepted.
BONELLI. 801 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY, tit reasonable rates on Llanos aftd
furr4ftre; private: no commission; payments
accented. 0 Eddy St., r. 111.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. K. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5-19 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. C Eddy »U
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savicgs Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Saw Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WAXTED.
WANTED— Party with capital to Invest In
manufacturing food business; bis profits;
butiness increasing bo rapidly that more cupi-
tal required. A. R. Coulson Co.. PeUluma.
$1750 — ON Al San Francisco property at 6 per 1
cent; no agents. Address Money, box 1047,
- Call office, Oakland. »
THE' SAN.". FRANCISCO. "CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2.V. 1904.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; ray
methods are always cafe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
•female disorders: call or write without delay:
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008V1 Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 SO by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price S5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD EROTH-
. ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. O. W. ODONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
_advlee^free. Office. 101S Market at.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years exper.
CATARRH. DF.AFNEls and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter Bt
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment- H2rt Market st
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladles: coiT-
suit him free. S05 Kearny st. : tel. Main -Hi.
DR. ROSEN resides 2fl0."> Folsnm St., corner
26th; lailirs, relief or no fee; $U>.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
TJnlon square: all diseases cured by herbs.
I MIXES 'AXO ailXlXO
100 shares of gold stock of the Xorton Bay
Co.. ?23; will be worth $200 by Autrust. 1JMM.
GKRMAXIA IXVKET. CO., 027 Market st.
■iKISCELLAXEOtIS — FOR SALE. '
BOILERS, engines. 1'd-har.ii machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LKAK? "■ '
Repair it with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needi no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
ELAVERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bough', suld.
rented and exchanced; see Sunday- papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE -uits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny st..
rear Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. Bells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25.1-255 Spear st.
SHOWCASE; glass front; running drawers
and doors; 28 feet: price $50. BACIGALU-
PI'S PEXXY ARCADE, R40 Market st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats $1 to.
Popular Price Hatter. 3.'iO Kearny at. near
Pine: oDen to » p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men'e shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at *2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog tree.
3%c ROLL and up: fine wall paper: samples
mailed: painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jatkson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Hol«teln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at PCHAEFER'S
feTOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
FOR Tale — Plumbers' and carpenters' tools;
larse grinding stone; floor trucks with tracks.
at 953 Howard Et.
LIQUOR license frr sale. Answer box 4314,
Call of flee.
FOR sale — Well bred white Spitz pups. r>03«4
Natoma st.
A LLKWELLYN setter clog for sale cheap;
Gladstone stock. Cigar store. HSVi 4th st.
A LARGE Macneale- A Urban Safe, on account
of settling an estate. Add. box 2558. Call.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory. 40 Ellis 6t.
ROLLER canaries, $5; females. $1; most
healthy. At LOIIMANN'P. 31CS Sixteenth.
FOU rale — Mineral cabinet; catalogue vrlth
ovpr tM:u surclniens. Box 2104. Call office.
MEDICAL! Yale surgical chair, nearly new;
cheap; call 4 v. m. 012 Hyde st.
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three
3 fe'-t. one 5 feet and on? fi ff-et. 200 Kast St.
FOR salt- — New cash register. 1700 Devlsa-
dcro st.
SAFER and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1M2!> Mark't st.
DESKS boutrht. sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. ~S2 Mission;, tel. Bush 4C7.
MILKS of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY ft SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME pcod fiecond-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoen, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 9X"> Market.
DESICR and safes; sea the complete line at 1816
Market, nb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand^ THE~HErT
MANX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery »t.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. UECK
& CO.. 122 Market *t.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
• all Blzes. J. E. DOAK. 4G Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
11 pages, tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LARGE serond-han<l safe wanted. BACIOA^
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. S40 Marnet st. I
I PAY highest prices, for nil kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries boughT RT CtHOLMSS.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3711. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1C4 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 233 1.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL IXSTUUMCXTS.
A FINE BKLKCT1UN UK t'iANO BAKGAi.Vi.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chlckering: walnut cast-; nearly new.
Stelnway; about a year old.
Knabc; walnut cane; flnent. largest size;
nearly new.
Steinwsy; larccst size; fine condition.
Sterling: mahogany case;- largest size.
Standard: oak case; scod ss new.
Kalnes Brothers. th« genuine; mahogaay
cat-e; nearly new.
Steck; largest size.
Suck: medium size: mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns; good condition.
Stock grand piano; good as new.
Etelnway grand piano; in good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Wcb?r, Stelnway.
Haines Kraulch & Bach and others, from
$10 up. BENJ. CllRTAZ & BON.
Chl'.-kerlne Agents.
. Ccrtaz building, 18 O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ONLY ptano house In the city that will rent
you a new ptano for $3 per month and all.nv
« months' rent and cartage off purchaiie
price: sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayei.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$r.O up: greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes; rents $2 up; lntitall-
menu ?4 up. - HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary *t- : Oakland address. 12.12 Broadway.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b* sold to pay "storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD' S storage. 1C38 Market st.
CHEAP *qunre and upright pianos; new and
cecond-hand Organs; very " easy payment*.
403 Market St., Eecond floor.
ZITHER — Columbia or guitar rlther lnstrus-
ti<>n.i to play piano music: reas. :,c,i\i Minna.
BARGAIN — Small square piano; on account of
slckn^s. 74 Shotwell gt.
NEW pianos «old on $3 monthly payment*.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright ptano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUKG BROS.. 216 McAllister it.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeff e's, 285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 51.
posjage paid. i ■ -■■
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary »t., opp. City of Paris.
OFFICES WANTED.
WANTED — To share office or desk room where
access may be had evenings. Box 2113. Call.
PERSO.VALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching gcalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massag*
Osteopathy: vapor and ele-.-trie baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40U Geary.
CANCEROUS lumps, sores. Impure blocd (af-
fecting skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily
cured by skilled specialist from Europe. Ap-
ply Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst
cured.
M. ELLA HAIIRiS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important item to persona
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
(fases positively cured by Willow Ba,rk Co.,
1373 'Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimple*, wrinkles,
oil blemishes removed: shampooing spec-laity !
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR habit cur<*d; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Llqvfor Cur» Co.,
997 Market st.. room 203.
AT less than cost uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard at., near
&th; Prof. Foster; Eoclety dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st.. hss moved to 21S Post st.
At Una restores lost eyesight :eures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., o. r >24 19th, nr. Valencia.
MHS. Katon, electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
ler, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room rfs.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Kilts. Tel. Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlsr3;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric reed.'e. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 &0; dress pants $2 50.
MisHt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupant
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; ?1; at a'.l druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the receptton
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAL^rSTKY.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOG1ST. LIEBES
BUILDING, 1.°.9 POST ST.
MME. NEERGAKD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to ft dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. "H5
Taylor st. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tlntlns. palntinx.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 4U
PHYSICIANS AND SIJUCEOX9.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Vj Market .«t.. bet. «Jth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL 1C73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; tcr
past four year* at 115-117 Mawn; now lo-
cated at CB7 Geary st.. near I^avenworth.
DR. TONG I'O CHY. successor to Dr. Lt Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington «t.
DR. M. MATS U DA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taytor sts.
WOXG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All- ills.
easec curM hv Chinese herbs 74B-S Clav st
'SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE San Francisco Grocers' Association offers
a prize of $10 for the b?«t design and $5 for
the next beat design for a three-sheet poster
to be worded." San Franrlsco Retail Grocers'
Pure Food and Industrial Exhibition. April
30 to May 15. 1i»Ci. Submit; to CARL H.
CLARK. Dus. Mgr., 203 Parrott bldg.. San
Francisco.
Ladles'. Chichestcr's Kngllsh Pennyroyal Pills
are best; saff. reliable; take no other. Send -4c
gtamus for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa. !
$30 REWARD for the bedy of Philip Slmon-
etti. fisherman, drowned near Sausalito.
ONETO BROS. 41O Bay St.. city.
SEWIjVG MACIlIXKf! A.\r> SUPPLIES
WE have sexeral slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall clot=e at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at 3()0 Post si., from S to 0 a. m..
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME-See our new triple-feed ma-,
chinei; slightly used: $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $M. $5. SS: all style*; guaranteed. New
Hcni" Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
WHITK. * s r>: W. and W.. $5: Domestic. $10:
New Home, 510. ?S45 Mission at. ■
STIITTERIXG AXD S TAMMEHISU.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inq lire In tn wjnilHrfu I cures; home cure
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods* stored, moved, shipped. 723-
7:*i Howard *t.. nr. Third: phone Grant Itil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flee Pom and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and rnerchan-
dite. .'(3.J Golden Gate ave.; phone East 1J6.
GOLDEN. West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission, st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2.TJO Flllmoro »t. : phone Jackson 2St.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.: te|. Main 1X40. Shipplne nt cut rates.
TYPE WniTEIlS AXD JSUJPPLI ES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $20: other typeowrlter* - at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 CO. The
Typewriter. Exchange. 53G California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery »t. -
2D-HAND typewriters «old. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. BOS Market.
niVIDEXD XOT1CES.
SAN FRANCISCO nnd Suburban Home Build-
in-i Society, 3th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
lOCCi. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum (12) twelve per cent an
capital stock and participating certificates.
iree of taxes, payable on und after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
pnoiMisu.s.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 25, 1004.—
Sealed oronosal*. in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
25, 1!KM, and then opened for construction of
u brick hospital (including plumbing, gas
piping and b»atlng) at Fort McDowell. Cal.
Uovtrnrntnt rt serves the right to reject or
accept any or all b!d» In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral; Chief Q. M.
LEGAL ADVEUTIbKMKXTS. .-■■
IN the Superior Court or the cuj and county
of £an Francisco. State of California, Pro-
bate— In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD , GOPCEVIC. deceased, i No.
IOO74. notice fur publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will.: C. C. P., »ec. 1303—
Notice is hereby given that MONDav the
29th day of February. A. • D. 1004. at 10
..'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
or Department No. 10 of said court, at the
Cltv Hall, In the city and county of
tan Francisco. State of California, have beer,
appointed as the time and place for provinr
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC. deceased, and for hearing th»
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M OOPCEVIC for the Issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) JOHN J. OREIF. Clerk. ,
By E--S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15. A. D. 1004.
Indorsed: Filed February 15. 100*.
-• JOHN J. GREIF, Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
JOHN -F."- DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
£ HOEFLER, Attorneys for Petitioners.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
- •
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
By order of DR. EMMA. L. MERRITT,
Executrix of the Estate of
ADOLPH SUTRO. Deceased..
THURSDAY. MARCH 3. 1004,
At our office and salesroom,
25 Post 8t., at 12 o'clock noon.
We will offer at auction to be
sold to the highest bfdders and
Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
Ocean Boulevard Lets. Ocean Boulevard Lota.
Fronting on Fourty-elghth ave. and Ocean bou-
levard, between O and P sts. Lots 25xl3O feet,
with double frontage, adjoining a magnificent
$7000 residence. The grand Pacific Ocean at
your front door.
PARK AND MARINE VIEW BLOCK.
Whole block in SO subdivision?, 25x100 and 25x
120 each, fronting on Fultcn and C sts.. Forty-
sixth and Forty-seventh avea. : 2 blocks to the
boulevard and car lines. Superb view of
Golden Gate Park and Ocean.
DESIRABLE LOCATION FOR HOMES.
8— UNSOLD LOTS— 8
On high, sightly elevation In block 225. on Cliff
ave., Clement rt.. Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
aves.; surrounded by pretty hemes, and com-
manding view of the Ocean, Cliff House. Sutro
Heights and the Park. The last lots to be had
in' this desirable location.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS! ASHBURY HEIGHTS!
Entire block on the heights or In subdivisions:
double frontage lots on Clarendon ave. and
Ashbury st.; on electric car line. Transfer
privileges to all parts of the city. Masontc-ave.
and Eightee-nth-st. cars passing. Splendid view
of city. Chance for speculators. ,
TERMS OF SALE— CASH.
Maps and Particulars at Our Office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 POST ST.. -
AUCTIONEERS.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 POST ST.
$12,000—4 new flats, well located In the West-
ern Addition: large frontage, 40x70;
rents $105 per month; half a block from
MeAllister-st. cars.
$16,500— Elepant Eastlake modrrn residence,
containing 12 rooms, bath, etc.; large
grounds. 50x137:6. on north line of Clay.
$10,500— Shradrr St.; lot 25x131 ::: : 2 flats con-
taining 15 rooms; rents $80 per month.
$13.000— California st. (north line); lot 50x»0;
2 dwellings of 0 rooms and bath each;
rents $85 per month.
$12.5C0— Price reduced from $14,000 to effect
immediate sale; splendid northeast Cor-
ner on Clay at.; lot 27:8VixlOO: im-
pro\ .nents consist of substantial resi-
dence containing 10 rooms and bath;
n bargain.
$5,500 — Webster St.: 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x100; rents $51 00
per month; half a block from cars.
$7,000— Flrst-st. corner; lot 25x75; 2-stcry
1 house of 10 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation; business district.
$4,100 — Lombard-st. corner; lot fCT :<;.\<X>; resi-
dence of 12 rooms
$18,000 — Rents $102 50 per month; new. build-
Ing on Guerrero-st. electric line; lot
30x00 feet to rear street: 6 separate
apartments of 4 rooms and bath each;
modern and up-to-date In every re-
spect; splendid Investment.
$1,800 — San Jose ave.. near Sunnyside; lot 30x
120 'to rear street: new cottage Junt
completed, of 5 rooms and bath- high
basement; gas and water; 30 minutes
from City Hall; easy terms.
$32,000 — Valencla-st. business property; large
frontage. 75x87:6; within a short dis-
tance of Market St.; 4 stores and 4
dwelling?; rents $160 per month.
, $7,5C0 — Ellis st.: residence containing 7 rooms
and bath; high basement; lot 22:9x137:6.
$0750 — RENTS $084 PER ANNUM.
New corner building, north of -and within
two block* of Market Bt: ten minutes to City
Hall; 3 elegant flats. Just completed: all rented
anJ modern in every respect; marble ateps,
extra light and Funny; property has never b«en
offered before; we are exclusive agents.
Another new set of 3 flats on an Inside lot.
adjoining the corner; price, $S750; rents $82
per month.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
23 POST ST.
NEW FLATS.
$8700 — Rent $S70 per year: could b« in-
creased: 55C0O mortgage at 6 per cent can
remain In savings bank. ' See GEORGE
STIERLEN, owner and builder, at 1373
Masonic ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick sts.
TO raise money quickly will sell 4 lots en
Nevada ave; $150 rach; 2 blocks of car line.
D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
< highest prices for buildings and will wreck
* the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mlrslon and Tenth
s-ts., office and yards.
GRAtfD PARK "LOT.
Overlooking Golden Gate Park; on Frederick
St.. 80 feet eaut of Wllllts. A. N. DABOLD
& CO.. 872 Broadway, Oakland.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at ti per rent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINEST marine view lot In city cheap for
cftph. Bos 2083. Call office.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S3« Howard st.
UUAL KSTATE— Coantrr — Kor Snip.
0227 A Merced River. Merced Co., Cal.; ap-
praised by court at $71,000; assessed* by
County Assessor at $40,000; offered for $.*0.-
000; U year's time, 6 per cent; 000 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa land: 4327 A. roll-
ing — grazing and grain land; Merced* River
passes through land; 900 A. can be irrigated—
wattr free — no royalties; Improvements good;
cchool 1 mile; church and town ,3 milei, on
Clrect road to Yosemtte; must be sold to close
ertate; a bargain: the profits from these lands
made the former cwner. JOHN L. IVBLL.
who was murdered In 1800. rich; fine rains;
♦verythlnit irreen and growing now. Address
■<■ J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
IN 10 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS.
Black sandy alluvial soil; water at IS feet;
finest stand of grain In Northern California on
the land at present; adjoining beautiful or-
chards, vineyards and Improved homes; on the
main county road two and naif miles of Court-
house and 2 live business towns; no irrigation
necessary here; Investigate price and terms.
80 acres, as h whole cr In subdivisions. -
>V. J. WHITE. 2(i Montgomery St.. room 5
$10 A MONTH buys a lO-acro farm.
$2L0 profit per annum per acre.
. Write for booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat.
FOR sale— Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuilding?: partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion ' Aptos. Santa Crux County, Cal.; price
$5000; <lso ether lands for sale. For particu-
lar* adre»» Postmaster. Mo»s. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; lnsp*ct»rt banrains: monthly cata-
loirues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 043
Market »t.
I'OIXT ftJCi^MOXJD^RBA L KSTATB.
WATER i front lots . and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photog. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
; REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGE.
Modesto Property Owners. Attention!
The undersigned has the following attractive
residence situate in West Oakland; a splendid
opportunity: :■ .- : -- :,. ■
12 rooms; barn," large lot, pretty garden. Iron
fence, etc M all In food • condition; attractive
rooming-house proposition; or, for flats; $3 per
month to S. F. : exchange for ranch near Mo-
desto. Cal. WISEMAN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG,
sole agents, 314 San Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New 8-room house, bath, pantry. mar»-
tel. city water; 3 blocks to station and -elec-
tric cars: corner lot; price J250O: terms. #2M>
cash, balance $2<> monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorln' station ; open Sundays^ ■
•'BEAUTIFUL. Berkeley": finest location for
trains. schooK etc.: all street work done;
best of water; 5 lines of cars to S. F., Oak-
land and Berkeley: must sell at once. Ad-
dress box 2CS9, Call offlee ; _^
A. MURDOCH * CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains; we build, buy, yell or t-xchang.*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, .1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.M) REAL KKTATB.
BELDEX'S BARGAIN'S.
$1550 — Xlce tt-room cottage, on !>th M., 2*»j
blocks from station.
$2400 — Another fine cottage on 8th »t.. clo*«
to station: 5 rooms, bath and hK-h basement.
$1CC« will buy a good 5-rofmi cottage on 16th
St.. near Center st. ; easy tern^s.
$2800 — Modern 6-room cottage on 10th !>t. ;
convenient to Adeline station.
$2300 — Choice 5-room cottage on NE. cor.;
lot 35x125; near 23d ave. station.
$2800— A 2-story 8-room house on 8th ave.,
and lot 30xlC.O.
$1550 — Reduced from ?175«» to clo»» out heirs'
interests; 5-ronm cottage In E. Oakland; lot
:!7"jxKii>; a snap.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broitilway, Oakland.
$250 CAPH. M monthly; neat, cozy new built
cottage, surrounded by Immense laurel anrt
oak trees; running stream of mountain water;
sandy loam soil C to 10 feet deep; lovely sur-
roundings: section bulldlns up rapidly: near
car line: fine schoolhouse: good, substantial
community: aee it and you will buy it. sure;
adjoining Kast Oakland; away from cold
-winds and fog; price all told. $675; '2 lots,
BOxlOy. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
«t., opp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage, free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
BUY your home or build: we advance money
to buy lot also; you pay back ea.«y install-
ments; representative* wanted; good pay:
write any lime or call afternoons. 1367
■ Ttnth ave.. Oakland.
A DESIRABLE place frr a horn? at your own
terms. Spp the owner, P. J. KELLER.' of
Rose ave.. 37th and -'J'-'th «t*.. Piedmont ave.;
offlce 4«4 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMSIIED HOUSES^
HOUSE — Superb location: new. modern: cheap;
partly furnished; for sale or rent. 410 Wals-
worth ave.
OAKLAND STORKS TO LKT.
FOR rent; $25: large store; 5 nice living rooms
upstairs; good locality for diningr-room or
market at Adeline station. VICTOR &
CLARK. 9C8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAJjr^XJD^^RXITJirR^^OR^^A LEX.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st. .cor store. Oakland
ROOMS FOR HOUSKKECI'lVU.
CALIFORNIA. 1502— Three nicely furnished
front rooms; reasonable. *
DF- NORMANDY, COS Post— Nicely furn. rms..
$2 week up; also bskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
ELLIS. 011— 2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms; gas rnnre. bath and phone.
FOLSOM, 7t>4 — Sunny double and housekeep-
tng rooms. »
FOLSOM. 77«'/i— 2 neatly furnished connecting
looms; tea.»onable.
GICAHY. KKTJ — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
•fa tulte or single; housekeeping prtvllegea;
runninK water: cas: reasonable.
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 430 — Furnished room for
housekeeping; gas and water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. «22— Sunny bay-window
Ruite.2 rooms; also large single room; gas
range, bath and laundry.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 PIn»—
Sunny, furr.lshed 3-room suites; steam heat-
♦d el«rtrlc Hsh;pd: free baths: rate $30 up.
MODEL HOUSE" 1 2C6 ~Stock7on~st.— Newly
furnished front housekeeping rooms- $5 tu
$11': gas, bath.
OAK. 125'i — Three large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; on lower floor; yard; $15.
OCTAflA. 12SS (corner OFarrell)— Elegantly
furnishrd hkvg. suit.: gas and coal range.
O'FARRELL. 1279—2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rocms. $20 to $30: all modern.
PEARL. .1. corner Market — 3 furn!?i^e;l house-
keeping rooms. $17: 2 fur. room?. $11; phone.
SPRUCE. 301 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use of bath, etc.: fine nelgh-
hocd; $15; call after 2 p. m.
SUTTER. 1C22»4. near Hydr — Two large, sun-
ny parlors and kitchen; gas grate, etc.
TAYLOR. 911 — Funny single housekeeping
room: pis rarge: $8 50.
TO rent — A Rat of 4 rooms and bath; coal and
gas stove; complete for housekeeping: rent
$22 50 rcr month. 3747 Sacramento st.
VAN NES& ave.. 70fi — Two sunny front rooms
complete for housekeeping; $25.
VAN NESS, IOCS— Large sunny furnished
rcoms: housekeeping privileges If desired :
good beard in Immediate vicinity.
CLASSIFIKD advertisements and sub.-criptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRAXCli office for Call advertisements an.!
rubscrlption* has been established at lir.»i
V»»»nHs *t.
APAilTMElTTjaOTJSES.
GLEXDORF. — New apartments on Pine si?.
east of Van Ne»s ave.; 5 and 6 rooms ea;a!
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, *!•■>
* trie lights, gas stoves and hot water iup-
plied without extra cost; will be hni.-hej
with exceptional beauty and taste and ar«
new offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
<an rent direct from ownsr, who will manag*
the building, now approaching completion;
* open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Pest «t-
UP TO DATE — Two elegant unobstructed ma-
rine-view apartments; separate entrances,
gas and electric '.ight: furnaces: 7-11 rooms.
3037-3G39 Washington St., near Locust; upply
10-12. 2-4.- .",r *
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla. cr)r. Hayes— Just
completed: sunny: medern J-rra. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up: ref*.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elega'rtly furn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam beat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges: / $30 to $55.
St. Andre. 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmt«;strtetly firM-cla*s: steam heat:electrl(j
lights ;prlv. :phone;elev. ; I to 5 rms.. with prlv.
bath; Turn, fir unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1675 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms also single: furnished or unfurnished;
■ marine view: now open: reference*.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth;2. 3 and 4 rms.: open for inspection.
HADDON HALL.
Mr EDDY ST. REFERENCES?
APAETMEHTS WANTED.
WANTED — A furnished apartment of 4
rooms. Box 2542. Call office. ■
nOQMS TO LKT— -Fnrn. antl Foftirn. •
AURORA, comer Second and Folsom sts.— New
bouse, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny:- prices from $1 50 per
week up: this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; flrst-class grl'.l attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
23c to $1 \><- r night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 80c. $1. $160 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthcd room?, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The). IJIS Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private bath?, hot and cold
watei. steam heat, electric lights, phone
every room: elevator; breakfast if desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; price* reasonable. ,
EDINBURGH. THE. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
* Sunny suite* and offices: also single : rooms.
EIGHTH. 10*4 — Sunny furnished bedroom and
kitchen adjoining./
ELLIS. 611— Nicety rurnished suite; also single
rooms; bath and pho # ne.
ELLIS, -K37— Nicely furnished room; private
family. ,
FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elegantly furn. rom»:
. all sunny; terms reasonable: references.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and t'nfnrn.
FOLEOM. S3J — Sunny furnished room, closet
arj hath; $1; $1 2."» a week.
FOR j.ms!e cenfteman. in private home (no-
other rootn-»rs>. a large sunny furnished
rocm. with bath adjoininsr: 4 blocks t rom _
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle."
Address Box 2021. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S3©
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-ro4m.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 4«3 Ellis St.— New hous©
free batns; house open and elevator rervlc»
all nifht: transient. 11. ET. GRANT, former-
ly at thf Venrlome. 1104 M.irk-'t sr.
JESSIE. 363— Furnished front room; $7 per
month.
MISSION. 837 A— Furnfsh'd rooms bylheday!
week or mouth: prti.es reasonable. • ,
O' FA RRELL. 77*. near Larkin— Furraished and
unfurnished stunny rooms; housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 1421— Bright unfurnUhed room
fcr |aJ y- b
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights!
reading-mom, smnking-room nnd ladles' par-
lor: room* per night. 3.V to $1 50; week. $3
to t$; month. $s to $;jt>; elevator on ground
floor; rocms wl»h hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Ij»guna— A sunny
furnl.«h»d single rccm; rent $7.
STOCKTOX. 4*1 and 45— Xiceiy furnished
sunny suite?; alsi> single rooms; $2 to $H wk.
TURK. 735 — Front and back parlor; suitab:*
for 2 «r»ntlemen or light housekeeping; $19.
UNITED STATES? lS3~Eddy. nea7 Market — 10O
roorr.s. 3.V to $1 night. $1 75 trt $6 we«k; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; plevator.read.-room: free bus: bagxags.
VAX NESS ave.. 519r-Klegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTF.R Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
- Most convenient and respectable: "CO rooms;
3.V to Jl .',i) night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
erec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In
every- room: 1."c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a
week: cpen all night: convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cal! Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church »ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be»n
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXDBOAIUX
rTlOT^L^H^TTO>r*^— -^ ' *'1
077 Pine, near Taylor^ elegantly furntitfvd
suites; private . baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NF.SS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7C«.
EARLCOURT.
11)11 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: Jl'ST OPENING: KVKKYTHINvi
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
GOLDEX GATE ave.. 1224— Xlcely furnish.^i
room with board; modenrn conveniences; for
gentleman.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class bosrd. with room,
sirgle or double. ?l 5o an-1 $5 week: American
family: home cooking; home comforts; piano.
GOOD board and room, private family, for
working girl; $12 5O month. 610 Vi Halght
st. (rear).
THK AUDUBOX. cor. Hyde and California—
PVaeant rooms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
O'FARREU* 1420 — Large sunny room for (wo
with first-class beard; bath: phone.
HANDSOME parlors with board: also sing!*
rooms cr housekeeping. T26 Guerrero st.
Stevenson rr.ar.slon. SOT California— Fins rooms:
new chefs: colored service; table specialty.
ROOMS AXI> lIOAItO WA.NTElX
WANTED — Nicely furnished suite' of rooms;
rrcide.n and with all conveniences; state
price. Box 2j-':2. Call office.
WANTED — Rocm and beard for man and
wife; rr.u;t be first-class; state rates. Box
Cr.71. Call office.
'.TU.fct7.
SEE J S. C. Ill ELLIS ST..
And Join his tonoen.raud class; 17 actual .
winner* in the la?t 13 daya.
EIETHS—MAERIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notice? sent by
mail will not be in.-ertcd. They must be handril
In at either of the publication ufflces and t>j
indorsed with the name anil resilience of per-
sons authorized to have the .-ame published.
Notices re-ttricted simply to .the announcement
of the event are published once tn this column
free of charge.
LEHMAN— In this city. February 22. 1904.
to 1 the wife of Max D. Lfhman, a daughter.
MARRIED.
STORM— KLINKENBORG— In this <-.Ity. F.l»-
ruary 20. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Netnnlor.
paftor oZ. the First English Lutheran Clmrcb,
Niels P. Sujrm and Annie XV. KlinkenN>r.-r.
both of this nty.
TESCHE— WILEY— In this city. February 21.
10C4. by the Rev. Dr. E. Ni-uncU.-. Witcr
cf th;- First English Lutheran Cnuich. A:-
O'ur Wllhelm Tenche of Alane i.i and Ger-
trude Wiley of Gonza!e3, Cal.
DIJiD.
Carrere. Catherine Montre. Elizabeth
Ccrrijjan, Pairiclc Murray. JIary
Draper. Mary A. Uualters, Nellie
Ebbinghausen. K. L. ICiordan. Bridget
K\an.«, Aim it- Root. Julia A.
Fletcher. Charlotte Sass. Gertrude C.
Green. Elizabeth Schuster. Joseph S.
Grlfnn, Eilwin C. Scully. James J.
Hendrtck's, Arthur L. Selpel, ConraJ
Hettir.gcr. Margaret fehea. Mother M. A.
HuKhe*. Marguerite Slavers. Johan K. II.
Johnson, Charles Stafford. James
Johnson. Charley fpratling. William
Kimble, Anna EL Stoffer*. Heinrlch
Kramer. Louis Troy, John J.
Levy. Julius Wall. Bridget
Marshall, Mary Wnlsh. Catharine
I McCon.ilogue. Julia Welch, Catharine
CARRERE— In this city. February 21. 100 i.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of John It.
Carrere, and lovins mother of John B. Car-
rtm Jr. i.ivi'n- daughter of Bridget and th«
late Patrick Rinrdan. »Uter of Patrick Rlor-
dan. and aunt of William Riordan, a nattva
of San Francisco, aged 33 yeara 5 months
and 11) days.
CyKrwmls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). Rt 10 o'clock, from her lat«
residence, ell L street, between Seventh and
Klghth avenues, South San Francisco, thence
to All Hallows Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the* repose
of her soul, commencing at lt>:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CORRIGAN— in this city. February 20. I8OJ.
Patrick Corrigan, beloved uncle of Mrs. Ln-
zle Burns and Mrs. Mary Sweeney, a natlvn
of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged B4 years.
ICTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at U:4.*i o'clock, from the parlurs
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DRAPER— In this city. February 21. 10C4.
Mary Anna, beloved wife of the late Oliver
Draper, a native of Iowa, aged 44 years ti
months and 2-*> days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th«* funeral to-day
(Tuesday). February 'Zi. at 4 o'clock, from
the Sunshine Workers' Home and Hall, to*
•Harrison street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Wtittler. Los Angeles Countv.
Cai. Remains at the chapel of Charles If.
J. Truman & Co.. l'JC.U Mission street, be-
tv.een Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
EBBINGHAUSEN— February 19. 1904. Ed-
ward L. E. Ebblnghausen. beloved son of
the late Henry Ebblnghausen. and deany
beloved brother of Henry. Alvln. Laura and
. William Ebbi:m?;ausen. Mrs. J.- A. Spame.-
and Mrs. H. Wi Horatmann. a native uC
San Francisco, aged 32 years.
C7Funeral strictly private. Interment
Cyprt3s Lawn Cemetery- ~ -
EVANS — in this city. February 22, 19O4. Annie
Evans, a native of San Francisco, aged S3
years.
|C7 Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty &. Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
FLETCHER— In this city, February 22, 1004.
Charlotte, beloved wife of the late Henry
Fletcher, mother of Sirs. Thomas Wilson and
Mrs. Oscar II. Hickei. and grandmother of
. Mr*. Walter Reed. Mlsa Hatti* Wilson and
Mrs. William Townley, a native of Bath,
England.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Continued on Pas:e Fourteen.
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A'ND EMBALUERd.
2339-23U Mission st.. near NiaaWtnU.
San Francisco.
1314
DEATH_NOTICES.
Coutinnrd From 1>a S c Thirteen.
'/(Wcdneedayl. W^ oVlock.from her late j
.Uw I".,.' S3 .^uu^. Park, between Second
and Thlrf strtwti. Interment private, ey- 1
pren Lawn Cea*etciy« j
<3ROiN— In A^mwla. <>!.. February 22. l!>04.
UU»bcUi >■■■>••'". !~l"V«i m : tl.er of Mrf. C
L Nit:, Kt* y- Mc-C»nn.-t-J-.«rles^11. <-;r«"i
• nd Krrr-X E. Green, a r.flvc "island.
tp<-.: 71 y.arr S months and _S «3«>f.
CniKrlN--ln tli!s city. February 22. 1904.
■v.v.,n .-., tmia r<'n of r>r.n!s ar.d Mary
Grtl&n, •■' native of San Francisco, afied I
jfur t maatbm and 22 days.
Iil-;XDRICIIS— Pawd Into spirit life, in this |
city. February "". 1004,' Arthur Llewellyn I
Hcr-dn. !.:•. < 1 '.--orly Ixlovwj fon of Emma
!:,-.•,.■;> and bfotber of tl.e late Raymond
:! ndr: ■: at nr.tivc of Denver, aged —
jiar.« ar.d H niciiihs.
CTFrlerds an2 ae<)un;ntances are respect-
fiiih- invited vo attend the funeral to-day
■Tutxdayl reSnuur 23. at 10 o'cloc*; from ,
hla !a-f tWSMWU* J»^ I'ine HU-ret. bttwecn
I L-ki-. and Polk Interment at Mount Olivet
i>tiMfter>-. 1^> tlectrle funeral car from
EiSbt/Bditll a:. 1 .OuTrero strct-ts.
HETTINGEn— In this city. February 21 1004.
Manrarel belowd wife of th<- late Charles
iicttinsct; mother cf Mrs. Mary
!:u'i!«-rt an-! Pred Hcn:y. D.:ca and Chailos i
HrtUaetT uad rfeter cf Ilonry. Peter and
Osjnus Gardemejcr Mr;-. Sophie Baaso and
Mr*. I.aura Nolson. a native cf Hamburg.
r.rTTr.any. a^rd 09 years 4 months and 2
i^Tritr.it and acQua'.ntar.ces are respect-
tt;ily mvivtd to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) February S3, at I o'clock, from
} rr :ai» residence; 2045 Fifteenth avenue,
gotttb San Francisco. Interment Mounw
Olivet Cur.etery.
Hi -GHEt?— In thi? city, February 22. 19<H.
Varjsuerite E.. dearly bolnved daughter of
Tatrick and Catherin*' Hughes, and s!«ter of
Harry. Thoira* and Julia Huches. a native
' I ?i»n I>ar.ctFCO. as<:d 1 month and 14
t^TTrimCr and cpqualntanres are respect-
::!lv invltrd to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
rt^ri'-e of the parents. 32t TWrtieth street.
l«twYn Chui-ch and Sanchez. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery'.
JOHNSON— In this citv. February 21, 1904.
<"har!es Johnson, brother of Mrs. J. Johnson,
Anr.a Jnbnsoa. Henry Johnson ar.d the !ate
Victor Johr.son, a native of Finland, aged
Z T I'.emains at the rarlcrs of McFadden,
UcBrecrty & Green. 1171 Mission Ftreet. be-
Lm-oen Seventh and Eiehth. Interment to-
day <Tuesda>f at Cyrre»s Ij»wn Cemetery.
by 1 :"0 o'clock train from Third and Town-
t-< -r-j ytrfcts.
Ji'UNSON-In Ptr>rktrn. Cal.. February 21.
i:<<">4. chariey Johnson, a native of Finland.
pgod 5ti years.
KIMBI.E— February 20 1JXM. Anna Barbara
Kinible. beloved wife of Charlee W. Klmble,
a native of Carthage. Ohio, aged 43 years
lft months and 20 days. (Cincinnati and
Hamilton. Ohio, papers pleace copy.)
CT'Fripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atund the funeral services
O'ednevday. February 24 at 1 :S0 o'clock.
• t Trinity MethodiFt Kpiscopal Church.
( omrr Sixteentii and Market streets. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car frcra corner Klghteenth and j
<«uenero streets. Remains at the chapel of )
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1903 Mission
«;'r«?pt. between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
KRAMER— In this city. February 21. &M.
lx)ui«> Kramer, beloved husband of R'»ph1a
Kramer <nee Tehl), father of Maurlc* S.
Kramer, and uncle of Mrs. I. L. Salomon,
Mrs. L. Panders and Morris and Claries L.
S.-h'-uer of liernardino, a native of
NiPdcrweisrl, Germany, aced 59 years and
I month.
rC7"Fnfnr!s and acquaintances and mem-
\«rr of Laurel lxidee No. 4. K. of P., and
« ..lumhia Lodpe No. JH7, I. O. Ti. B.. are re-
KpectXolly invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday, at 1<» o'clock, from his late reti-
rifne*. 1W16 liliis ft. Interment Home of
I', ace Cemetery, by 11 30 a. m. train from
Third and Tc>wnErnd ttreets.
t!:\ Y— In this city. Julius Levy, aged 76
v<ars p.r.d " months.
UARSBAUJ-tn this rity. Fcbruarj' 21. 1904.
Mary, beloved wife of George L>. Marshall,
mother of Willie J. Marshall, and beloved
M.-ter cf Nora E. Guillaume. a native of
£an Francisco.
tn?*Fripr.(3s and acquaintances are respect-
[nily Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• ('Tuesday), at f:'M o'clock, from her late
residence. IC^I Dolores street, thence to St.
Taul's Church, where a requiem hifth mass
will be celebrated for the empime of her soul
at a o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Com- j
t tny.
UcOONALOGCE— In this city, February 22,
1'.M'4. at h«r residence. 772 Folsom street,
Julia A., dearly beloved daughter of Julia
. ;»nd the late John McConalogue. loving sister
>'•'. .Marparet. William. J»me». John and Kd-
• v.ard IfcOanlocve, and niec* at James Mc-
' '"luluguf, a native of Pan Francisco, ac'd
\«ars 4 months and :> days.
M"NTRK— In Rerkeley. Cal., February 22,
r«.4. i;iirj«beth. beloved wife of Victor Mon-
tn of Nevada City, Cal.. a native of Ger-
n any, ape^d W) ycar» C months and 2 days.
M" KRAV— In this city. February lft. 19A4.
Mary, bcloied wife of William M. Murray.
ii. other of Alice, Gertrude and Robert Mur-
isy jtnd Mabel Simmons, and *ister of Jrhn
V>nash»n and the late Mrs. Felix Wall, a
native of New York, aged 0* years 10 months
find 1T> days.
QUARTERS— la this city. February 21. 1904.
N< ;1ih. d< arly beloved wife of John Qualterp,
• rtwUier of Nellie, May. John and Willie
<,'ua!t»-r>. and l>el«jved fister of John, Henry,
I'ntrick and Josejih Hession, Mrs. W. F.
I Macner and Mrs. J. Hart, a native of Ire-
larrt. aporf 4<t >ears.
C^FrirndF and acquaintances are rrspeet-
t-illy invited to attrnd the funeral to-morrow
,' i Wednesdavt, «t 10:.10 o'clock, from the par-
" 1 rs of MoFadden. McIJrcarty & Green. 11V1
Mibslnn street, between Seventh and Eighth.
th<n-e to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
\ ires will \ » held at 11 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crosa Cemeterj'.
RI«rlU»AN— In this city, February 21. I»04.
Urldpet. relict of the late John P. Ririrdan,
and beloved mother of J. H.. V. J.. T. J..
• Lizzie F. and Mrs. M. Hodgkins, and the
late E. J- Ciordan and Mrs. Kate Nagel, a
nxtlve of County Cork, Ireland, aged 72
> ea is .
E7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvt;ed to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesdnyt. at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, '312 Cush street, thence to old St.
Mary's Church, corner California and Du-
potu ttrtets. where a refjuiem mass will be
'•elebratcd for the rerxMw; of her soul, com-
mencing at !»:aO o'clock. Interment Holy
«>oss Cemetery.
llooT-In Oakland, c a l.. February 22, 1904.
Ju.ia Anderson Rrx.t. of 01 9 Thirteenth
«-treet, a native of Montvale, Maine, aged 75
year*.
BASS— In this city. February 22, 1904, Ger-
trude «.'. Satfc. dearly beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Sass. and sister of Ar-
Ihur, Martha. Bertha ar.d Emil Sass, a na-
tive of California, aged 3 yeara 10 months
and -7 daj>-.
SCHL'STER— la this city. February 21. 1904.
JoM-nii si. Schuster, dearly beloved father of
Olriirent J. Schuster and Mrs. Charles Ehn.
a native r,f Bavaria, aged 74 years 1 month
and S days. A member of Harmony Lodge
No. 13. I. O. O. F.. and Eureka Grove Ko.
4 I'. A. O. D.
CTTriends ere rr-rpectfully Invited to-at-
t< nd th»> funeral to-day (Tuesday). Feb-
ruary at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hail, corner iScvenih and Market streets,
where funeral services will be held under
tl.e auspice* of Harmony ixxJge No. 13, I.
O. fy. F. Please omit flowers. Interment
Odd Fc lie*-*' Cemetery.
h'TLLV— la this city, February 22. 1904,
' Jnrr.es J.. dearly beloved Fun of James J.
hct:!ly and IJva Scully, and brother of An-
nie Matie Scully, k native of Galvcston,
Trxru. eged .1 ;c-ars 3 months and "G days.
SEIPEI^— In this city. February 21. 1904.
t'om-ad. .dearly beloved husband of Kather-
ir.o Scl|y<l. arrd devcted father of Mrs. Gu»
Hahn and Annie. Charles. LouLee. Mary and
Kat;<? K>|pr^ a native of Munster, Hessen-
Dartnatatft, .Germany, aged C3 years 4
months and 10 days
r^TKrienrts and Hcquair.tances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. February 24. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence.' tM7 Laguna street, between Hayes
and FrlL Interment Mount- Olivet ccme-
t-ry. by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Ooetrero Mrects.
EHEA— At the Presentation Convent. Sonoma
«'at., February 22. U»y4, Mother M. Angela.
-Shea, aged T s years.
C^TRcquicni rnas* at Et. Francis Church.
- Sonoma, Tuesday. Interment Wednesday |
Rornlns, P«. Mary's Cemeterj'. Oakland.
S1KVEKS— In thin city. February 22," 1904.
its K. H., beloved son of Friedrich and
nthca K. Hansen and brother of Julius
Christian Slevcrs. a native of Kiel. Hol-
i. Oeiteany, a^e<J 41 years 2 months ari-J
lavs. ' ~ j
TLING— In this city. February 22. 1904.
liam Spratling. beloved son of Mrs. Jane
che. and father of Esgbert Spratiinjr. a
ve of Kasi-lwlrh. Kent, England, aged 33
-s R months and 22 <laj>.
?•Frlend^, acquaintances and member* of
rtan Lodge No. SO. A. O. U. W.. and
atc^r «>perators' I'nion are respectfully
ted to attend the funeral services
radax. Kebrtiary 23, at :j o'clock. »t the
v.^,Tel of CVId Fellows' Cemetery. Remain*
at .)he fhjiKl of Charles H. J. Truman it
Co:. 1903 Mission street, between Fifteenth
an«Kfci>:ter-iith. .
STAFFORD-- In RcOwood City. Cal.. February
I^ % »4. James, beloved husband cf Mary
Stafford, father of James. Mary. Daniel,
tieorge and David Stafford, and brother of
Mr*. Mary Curdlncli, a native of England,
at-TiTTS years.
>C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ \\>dnrs=<lay). at 10:.'» o'clock, from his late
ItsMeadBj thence to Mount Calvary Church
for fv-rvlccs. Interment Menlo Park.
rOFFERS — In this city. . February 21. 1904.
Hcinrlch. beloved husband of Anna fitoftere
and father of C. W.. W. M. and Mlsa L.'
ttoffers. a native of Germany, aged CS years
an<1 CC days.
CJTrifmls End acquaintances aretfeEpect-
tvlly' Invited to attend the funeral cervices
•3
Tuesday, February 23. at 1 o'clock, fit the
residence of his son. J18 Fair Oaks street,
between Twenty -6econfl and Twenty-third.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
TliUJ" — February 20. 1901, John J., beloved
«m of Margaret and the late Michael Troy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 8
months and 24 days.
* $y Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February -'3. at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors at McGinn Bros., 224-2-JC McAllister
street, thenc* to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALL — An anniversary requiem high mass for
the repose of the poul of the late M'ss
UriJget Wall will be held "Wednesday m"in-
inp. February 24, at » o'clock, at St. Pat-
rick's < "hurch. Mission street, between Third
and Fonrth.
WALSH— In Alam<-dr.. Cal., February 20. 1904,
Catharino Walsh, wife of Thomas Walsh.
and bii-KT of Mr*. O. McOrath. Mrs. J. Mc-
<:r&th and tlie late Mrs. J. Condon, a native
of County Watd'onl. Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors at Mt-Fudden, HcBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission etre^t, bctv.-ecn Seventh and Hlshtli,
th'-nce to St. Jamps Church, where services
will be hpld at 1 o'clock. Interment IloJy
Crosis Cemetery.
WKLOH— In this city, February 21. 1004,
• "fuharine Welch, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years.
B^Prienda and acquaintances arc rc?pect-
fuily invited t<» attend the funeral to-morrow
"Wednesday), at S:.'Hi o'clock, from the par-
lors o r Cralu. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
<jate avenue. thence to St. Boniface's
• "hurch, whore mass will be celebrated for
th" r<?i>oEf of her fouI, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Weather Report.
„ «...
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
.SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 22—5 p. m.
The following axe the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
eeaeon and rainfall in Ian twentv-four hours:
Last This Last.
Stations — 21 hours, season, season.
Eureka 1.4S 36.04 41.22
Red Bluff 0.30 18.49 17.78
Sacramento 0.1S 9.74 11.31
San Francisco 0.32 11.73 11.49
Fresno 0.00 2.48 5.72
Independence COO 1.26 1.81
San Luis Obispo.... 0.00 3.42 11.85
Isor Angeles <».00 2.50 8.59
San Diego 0.00 1.73 9.05
THE COAST RECORD.
a g s o 2 >a
5 H" H3 o^ Jjo n
STATION. § Ji" 3 3 S| 8 2 5"
I is 1 I! r I
I 1 1 1 j f
Baker 29.78 50 36 SW Cloudy
•"arson 20.96 54 ftO SW Rain .83 1
Eureka 30.12 54 54 SW Cloudy 1.48
Farallcn 30.14 f.. r > M W Forsy .08
»e«no 30.10 72 52 N Pt.Cldy .(H>
Flagstaff 2y.0t> fi2 28 W Pt.Cldy. 00
Pocatello 54 SW Rain .18 |
Point Reyes;. 30. 11 54 48 AV Foggy .251
Independence .'J3.W 74 40 W Cloudy .00
l<o« Angeiej ..;M.oft 72 62 W Clear .00 l
lit Tamalpais. 30. 15 53 45 W Cloudy 1.38
I'hoenix 2U.98 K0 40 SW Cloudy .00
Portland 29.84 52 4tt SW Cloudy .52
Red Bluff 30. 02 <52 48 RE Cloudy '.30
Ko*ebunr 30.02 50 42 SW Cloudy .28
Sacramento ..30.10 tiO 5.S S Cloudy .18
Halt I^ake 23. S2 ftfi 42 S (Tloudy .26
San FranclFco.30.lrt 58 WJ W Cloudy .32
San L Orlspo. 30.12 «8 50 W Clear .00
San Diego 30. OH US 52 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.72 48 36 S Rain .68
Spokane 2".».«H 41 2S SW Clear .02
Tatoorh 2!t.«;2 4S .. SW Cloudy .22
Walla Walla.. 2!>.7S f,8 34 S Cloudy Tr.
Winnemuci-a .2i».S« ft« 44 SW <"loudy .11
Tuma 29.96 S4 50 S Clear .00
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm over British Columbia yesterday I
has moved rapidly eastward, and ls now cen- j
tral in Western Montana. Rain has fallen j
from the San Francisco Hay section northward. 1
Tlio pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Coast and fallen cast of the Rocky Moun
tain?.
The Sacramento River has risen rlowly dur
fag the day and will reach its grest Tuesday.
The following high winds are reported: North
Head. 52 mik-s per hour, from the southwest;
Portland, 28. from the southwest: Spokane. 30,
fmm the southwest: Walla Walla, 32. from
the wrst: Baker City, 30. from the southwest,
Knd Winnemucca, 48, from the southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 23:
Northern California — Clearing Tuesday; light
westerly wlnn.
southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
we*1 wind.
Nevada — Clearing: coqler Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Clearing Tues
dsv; light west wind.
G. H. WILSON, Local Forecaster.
London Closing Stocks.
Con* money... S6 5-16 M. K * Tex 15*i
Do acct SC 5-16 N Y Central 117
Anaconda 3'i Nor & Western.. S7'£
Atchison 67 T i Do pfd 89
Do pfd PiH Ont & Western.. 20?i
Bal & Ohio 77% Pennsylvania .... BS'j
fan Pacific. US»i Reading 21
Ones & Ohio 30';! Do 1st pfd 40'i
<*hi Great Wept. 15S Do 2d pfd 2Si£
Ch| Mil & St P. 142 s i So Railway 19%
De Beers 19% Do pfd 82
Den & Rio G 19 Vi So Pacific 45«*
Do pfd €9Vj Union Pacific 78» 4
Erie 24U Do pfd ftO'i
Do 1st pfd t'4 U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd «H4 Do pfd 57%
111 Central 110Hi Wabash 18
Louis & Nash. ..104% Do pfd 35
Bar silver — Steady. 27'id per ounce.
Money — ZitSli per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3 r >f?3 7-1G per cent and for three
months' bills SH'^js per cent.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
26,0(30. Good to prime steers, $4 90@5 75; poor
trv medium, $3 60S4 SO; stockers and feeders,
?2 r*®4 IS: cows, $1 «O@4; heifers. $2@4 75;
canner*. $1 6052 60; bulls, $2@4 50; calves,
$3 50(87 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 43,000; to-morrow.
25.000. Steady. Mixed and butchers'. $5 15(0>
6 50; pood to choice heavy. $5 25f?'5 55; rough
heavy, J5 10®5 40; light, $4 C5®5 20; bulk of
ealeo. $5 15©5 40.
SHEEP — Receipt*. 30,000. Sheep and lambs,
active to strong. Good to choice wethers, $i@
4 «0: fair to choice mixed. ?3 50<54 25; West
em sheep, $4 20@5 10; native lambs, $435 75;
Western lambs, 5*@6.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL
MATCHES ARE DEFERRED
Sodden Condition of Grounds Prevents
the Contest Between Thistles and
Hornets of Oakland.
The match for the championship of
the California Association Football
League, set for yesterday on the Pre
sidio athletic grounds between the
Oakland Hornets and the Thistles, did
not take place. The playing field was
nearly covered with water. Shand a'nd
Pomeroy of the Oakland Hornets, and
several of the Thistle eleven reached
the grounds shortly after 2 o'clock
and found a notice, signed by King,
secretan't and Forrest, captain of the
Thistles, and by Chambers, captain,
and Pomeroy, secretary of the Oak
land Hornets, postponing the- match,
posted on the gate.
Airth, goalkeeper of the Vampire
eleven, while defending the goal in
the match between the Thistles and
the Vampires on Sunday, was knocked
down by Lydon, center forward of the
Thistles, and a few moments elapsed
before it was discovered that Alrth's
collarbone had been fractured. It is
curious that the accident should have
happened in the last few minutes of
the last match to be played by the
Vampires during the season* for the
championship of the league. It will
be necessary for the Vampires to find
a new goalkeeper for the matches for
the cup.
Referee Gives Fight to O'Brien.
CHICAGO, Feb. 22.— Jack O'Brien
of Philadelphia disposed of Charlie
Mack of Milwaukee in the third round
of a six-round bout to-night. Mack
was knocked ' down several times in
the second round and was In no con
dition to fight when the third round
was called and the : referee gave the
fight to O'Brien.
Abel and Rice Fight a Draw.
PEORIA, III., Feb. 22.— Kid Abel of
Chicago and Austin Rice of New
Haven. Conn., fought ten rounds to a
'draw before the Riverside 'Athletic
Club of this city, to-night.
-. - * ■■•-.■■• jy ■ . •
THE^SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
GIRL PROPOSES;
OLD MAN AGREES
Leap Yea«* Engagement Results
in Wedding- of a Swain of
Sixty to Maiden of Twenty
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
Well-to-Do Citizen of Watson
ville Falls a Victim to
Cupid's Wiles in Stockton
Special Dispatch to The Call,
STOCKTON, Feb. 22.— The distinction
of having the first real leap year wed
ding this season can be claimed by
Stockton. It was a case of May, win
some and pretty, "popping" to Decem
ber, wealthy and jolly, a ready accept
ance and a happy ceremony on Wash
ington's birthday. County Clerk
Graham probably never before issued
a marriage license having behind it a
story so interesting as when he granted
Vernum Westcott, aged 60 years, of
Watsonville, the legal permit to wed
Miss Lizzie Shaver, aged 21, of Stock
ton this morning. To-day being a legal
holiday, the County Clerk's office was
closed. But that did not deter the aged
man, who was soon to become a groom.
Westcott called at the police office this
morning and asked where the County
Clerk might be found. The latter was
soon summoned and, as Graham was
making out the license, the happy old
man confided the story of how he was
wooed and won by a girl just past her
'teens.
Westcott stated that a short time ago
he came to Stockton from Watsonville
on a visit. Here he met Miss Shaver,
and cupid cut a strange caper. The old
man and the young lady grew very
friendly at once, though from his
standpoint it was more like the friend
ship of a father for a daughter. Then
came the leap-year proposal. As they
sat together, so Westcott told the
County Clerk, the young lady exclaimed
"You're an awfully nice old man; I just
like you. Why don't you get married?"
"W T hy, no one would have an old man
like me; it's too late. You wouldn't
marry me yourself," returned the gray
headed man.
The girl declared that she would, and
that, explained how a sixty-year-old
man happened to be securing a license
to wed a twenty-one-year-old maiden.
It is said that Westcott is quite
wealthy, but he denies that his gold,
as well as his good nature and gray
hairs, entered into the love affair. The
young bride-is a sister of a local clair
voyant and is well known here.
ASSESSORS PLACE VALUE
OX STOCK AXD FOUI/TRY
Agree on Minimum Rate for Cattle
and Horses — Assessment of
Trees Is Discussed.
STOCKTON, Feb. 22. — The Asses
sors of Kern, Fresno, Madera, Kings,
Tulare, Merced, Stanislaus, Mariposa,
Solano, Tuolumne, Contra Costa an4
San Joaquin counties met here to-day
and fixed the following schedule of
minimum rates for assessing personal
property:
Cattle — Thoroughbreds, $50; milch
cows, $25; stock cattle, $13; beef, $30;
calves $5 to $8; sheep, $2 to $3; spring
lambs, 50 cents; fall lambs, $1. Horses
— Common, $25; range, $10; colts.
$10; two-year-olds, $15; three-year
olds, $20; stalions, $100; mules, $25;
jacks, $100; jenettes, $10. Poultry,
2^ cents; beehives, $1; honey, 2%
cents a pound; hay, $5 to $10 a ton;
wine, 10 to 15 cents a gallon; oil cars,
$300; refrigerator cars, $400.
The assessment of trees was dis
cussed, but no rate was fixed.
Boat Racing at Vallejo.
VAL.L.EJO, Feb. 22.— The exhibition
of submarine boats in San Pablo Bay
was postponed on account of bad
weather. The rowing regatta, how
ever, came off under, the auspices of
the Vallejo Yachting and Rowing Club.
There were four races on the card.
The first was between gigs from the
United States steamship Tacoma, the
Yacht Club crew and the Ragged
Edges. The Yacht, Club crew won,
Ragged Edges second, Tacoma third.
The second race was of ten oars be
tween crews from the Tacoma and the
Independence and was won by the lat
ter crew. The third race was between
apprentices from the Tacoma and the
Independence, in which the Tacoma
was again victorious. The last race
was between two four-oared shells,
both crews being from the Yacht Club.
The winning crew was composed of
Wood Watson, Frank Savage, Bert
Dunning and F. Morest. The other
crew met with an accident and was
practically out of the race. The course
was from Magazine to a point off the
Yacht Club house, a distance of about
a mile and a quarter.
Golf Contests Arc Postponed.
The qualifying round over eighteen
holes, medal play, with handicap, set
down to take place yesterday on the
course of the San Francisco Golf Club,
was postponed on acount of the In- 1
clemency of the weather. As next
Saturday ls open on the schedule of
events, the round will probably be
held on that day. The handicap for
ladies and a similar competition for
men arranged to take place yesterday
on the San Rafael links were also
postponed.
Rain Prevents Sports.
The champion tennis tournament
which was scheduled to be played "on
the East Oakland courts yesterday was
postponed on account of the rain. The
meeting of the Scottish bowlers on the
Golden Gate Park green and that of
the sailors of miniature yachts were
also deferred owing to the storm.
Harley's Fox-Terriers are Winners.
BOSTON, Feb. 22. — The most suc
cessful exhibitor of wire-haired fox
terriers at the dog show to-day was C.
K. Harley of San Francisco, who took
four firsts with Wandee Coasting
Guard and Wandee Coastlip.
Brooke Is Tennis Champion.
BOSTON, Feb. 22.— George A. Brooke
of Philadelphia won the racquet cham
pionship of the United States to-day
by defeating Qulncy A. Shaw Jr.* of
this city ' : - -_
FIRE FOLLOWS
OIL EXPLOSION
Railroad Depot and an Engine
and a Composite Coach Are
Destroyed Near Tehacliapi
FLAMES RAPIDLY SPREAD
Powder in Station-House Ex
plodes and With Great Deal
of Difficulty '■ Town Is Saved
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 22.— At 12:30
to-day the engine attached to the west
bound Santa Fe limited took fire while
stopping at the Tehacliapi station on
the joint track of the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe railroads. The engine
was an oil burner and the oil caught
fire between the tank and engine. An
explosion followed, wrecking the loco
motive and setting fire to a composite
coach immediately behind. Both were
destroyed. From these the flames
spread to the depot, a frame structure,
which burned rapidly to the ground.
There was a large amount of powder
in the station building and when this
exploded It made an enormous confla
gration, which it was feared would
spread to the town and completely de
stroy it, as it has no fire protection
and ls composed mostly of frame struc
tures. The flre, however, did not get
beyond the railroad property.
The telegraph poles and wires run
ning through the town were burned
down, destroying all communication
to the south. The remainder of the
train escaped injury, and the wreck
ing crew was sent from Bakersfleld
with another engine, which is expected
to bring the train in about 5 o'clock.
None of the passengers or train crew
was injured.
The loss, including engine, car and
station, is estimated by the railroad
officials at about $50,000. A temporary
station will be opened in a boxcar until
it is possible to rebuild.
BURIED BENEATH
SHIFTING SANDS
Efforts to Sink a Well at the
Ocean Beach Almost Termi
nate'ln a~SEbcking Tragedy
A strange incident that nearly ter
minated in a tragedy happened on the
bleak sand dunes south of the Cliff
House during Sunday's storm. Manuel
Nicholas, a Greek, was digging a well
and the sides caved in on him. The
hole way some ten feet deep and the
shifting sands made it a difficult task
for the rescuers, who, however, fought
death inch "by Inch and finally pre
sented the Greek to* his sobbing wife
In a condition that might be described
as "slightly disfigured, .but still in the
ring."
The rescuers were a band of merry
makers—artists and writers— who now
laughingly tell how they "jollied" Man
uel and kept his wife ( at bay, for at
times she came dangerously near the
edge and another "cave in" was mo
mentarily expected. It Happened in
this way:
Xavier Martinez, the well known art
ist, has taken up his abode in the re
motest car of Carville, with \he inten
tion of doing some sketching far from
the madding crowd. But, despite his
isolated situation, Martinez finds that
strenuous times follow him. Sunday
he Invited a number of his friends to
dine with him, promising them a Mexi
can dinner cooked by himself. A Slav
named George W. Weldon came over
the sand dunes to the hungry artists
and asked them to help him dig a well.
"We came not here to dig wells," an
swered Martinez. "We are here to rest
and eat and listen to the story of, the
sea." Whereupon ;the Slav hailed Man
uel Nicholas, who, with his wife, was
returning from an outing. The good
natured Manuel fell an easy victim to
the wiles of the Slav, and, armed with
pick and shovel, these two foreigners
set to work to dig a well in the un
certain sands.
The little crowd in the car dismissed
the matter from their minds until they
were about to sit down to dinner, when
Weldon rushed in with the news that
his newly acquired assistant was
buriedin the well. By this time it was
pouring. The men of the crowd rushed
hatless acros the sand. They found the
man buried to his neck and the sand
still trickling in. His arms were pin
ioned, and one of the men in his ex
citement jumped in, carrying an ava
lanche with him, that completely cov
ered the unfortunte man.
Meanwhile the sand was pressing on
the buried man's chest in such a Avay
that he could not breathe, and he
lapsed into unconsciousness. Clarence
Wilson, an able-bodied man, shoveled
unceasingly. Herman Scheffauer, the
poet, stood on a rudely constructed
scaffolding hauling up buckets of sand.
He was dressed in a cutaway, with a
carnation in his buttonhole and a book
of Stirling's poems sticking out of his
pocket. Charles Unger acted as nurse,
running for smelling salts, which he
and Malcolm Fraser in turns presented
to Manuel when his head was once
again in view.- Martinez also stood on
the scaffolding and held the ends of the
rope that was around Nicholas' body,
and when finally the weight of sand
was removed from his trunk the entire
company took hands at the rope" and
pulled. It was a "tug of war" in real
earnest, and the best of every man's
muscle was on' that rope. When Man
ueliemerged from his temporary grave
a shout went up.
The ladles of ' the party had mean
while taken the hysterical Mrs. Nicho
las to the car. It was hard to tell
which .was in the worse condition,
Manuel or his wife.
Now Mrs. Nicholas declares that
Manuel-. will never dig a; well again.
HUNDREDS LOSE THEIK
LIVES BY FLOOD IN CHINA
TIENTSIN. Feb. 22.— A telegram
from Tsinahfu, Shantung, says that
hundreds of ' lives have been ' lost by
the bursting of a dam on.the. Hoang
hb.: Several villages were destroyed.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
jHCARTERSl
Positively cured by these
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausca, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongus
| Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
I Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
11 ' ■ i
; if pitting
pjj! and
AT CUT PRICES.
There is quality In my work. I'm proving |
it every day. Ordera come from every part '
of th» country. My work is favorably
known, because I give my customers the '
best that skill can produce. And then my i
prices are the lowest of any one la the
business. Here are a few figures: '
PRINTING. DEVELOPING.
Roll of C... 10c Sollo finish.. So to Sc :
Roll of 12 15a Velcx finish.. 3o to 6c j
I carry all sices of films at low prlcea.
Send in a trial order.
Out of town orders promptly filled. \
THAT MAN PITTS i
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer. ;
1008 MARKET ST.. ADOTfl PowrtI '
San Francisco. •
* _ I T
■■HI B3ES3 KSk n onrnew VACIT.M I)E-
I V H HaL Ural VIGOKATOK ls a nat "
strength and vlpror. It is the ONLY means
which will expand and develop the organs, used
with our improved " Perfect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Medication) -
Crayons, will quickly cure unnatural losses, stric-
ture, premature decay, prostatic affections, etc.
r^m^ *'or VARICOCELE our IM-
6vSv& PROVED DEVELOPER, com-
%SSfMA Dined with our new patented SUS-
?>^B£r PE>*SORY and COMPRESSOR,
only by us), will cure even the
•■*} worst cases. Don't fall to Investigate this.
■ j 1 Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
ffl I fusely illustrated 100-page book,"Health,"
i j for MEN ONLY, Sent securely sealed
Sn B FREE. Our physicians are experienced
■> JgnLand strictly reliable specialists. Fees
*B> moderate. Treatment given on 10 days'
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'Farrell Street. S. F.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great (f
OF AHATOHY^
A £& 155m3ZXIS7.t»t.6**7£,C.F.Cal.^
\ XjfT The Largest Aiutomical Museum in the \
Q ._gjr> World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V MjiS) di<e»te p«ltl««-ly eared bj the oldest Y
0 Jfeftjl tpectaluton the Cou*. Est. 36 yean. Q
A flfjg C D3. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f CKS&S Consultitlon free md strirtly printe. \
0 a AS l 'St fi Treatment personally or br letter. A m
T 3 if H itriiit* CW< in every cue uadertaken. \
Aril lift Write for Dook, rBILO^WPUY af A
» II II IB&nnlAGE, MAILED I'REE. (Af
X «' ti- book for mm) . \ \
V CB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
Always Remember the Full JName
B axative Mromo fymnne
Cures a Cold in One Day, Grip in 2 Days
*£ (VLjfy onevery
<9» Se^JCTrvw** tea, gsc
Coal Reduction
American Cannel
Sold by AH Reliable Dealers.
ifr,, iimm ■iiiMiniBiff
ASTHMA CURED
To stay cured. Health restored. Attacks never
return. Write for Book 60, free to any Asthma
or Hay Fever sufferer. Address P. HAROLD
HAYES. Buffalo. N. Y.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 17. 27. March 8, IS. 28.
April 7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon ls temporarily
In service instead of the Columbia. George W.
Eltler<sails Feb. 22. liar. 3. 13. 2-V Apr. 2. 12
and 22. Only steamship line to PORTLAND,
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or eteamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include^ berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. AM. Pass. Dept. t
Montgomery et. ; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
Bi-weekly Twin-Screw Service.
For Plymouth, Cherbourg*. Hamburg.
Patricia .......Feb. 27|*Bluecher .....liar. 24
,'Moltke ......Mar. 3 'Moltke .. .Mar. 31
Pretoria ...... .Mar 12 fPennyslvanla ..Apl. 2
"Walderses Mar. 19 "Deutschland ..Apl. 7
•Grillroom and gymnasium on board.
HAMBUKO-AMEEICAN LINE.
Offices, 30 and 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
S. S. SIERRA, for • Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
• land and Sydney, Thurs., March 3. 2 p. m.
S.S. AL.AMEDA. for Honolulu.Mch. 12, 11 a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Men. 18, 11 a. ni.
4JJPIEC(ELSiBNS.CMgti..TktitOffh,g43Euti,j|
Frdfi&tfiifieaJiJ HarbtSL;ferIi. UacffisIL
COKFAONIE GENERAL5,TBAN3ATiiNntJ75.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. \j\m^ >
Balling every Thursday instead of *S!vMBS*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '"** ac « t
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. J70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AMD
CANADA. - 32 Broadway (Hudson • Building;.
New. York. J. F.- FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
Mare Island and VaUeJo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a.: m.,' 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday,' 9:45 a." m., 8:30 p. m. : Leave- Vallejo
7 -a. 'in., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex., Sunday. ; Sun-
day 7 a: m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 00 cents.- Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
buos. . -. ■ : .
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE i
£as fe fe i
By order of the- Superior Court. Department
8. J. T. Murphy, tuardlan ot th« estate 01
Daniel T. Murphy.
I win sell- all the stock contained on U»e
premises at "0 CITY HALL. AVE.. '
THURSDAY. Feb. 25, at 11 o'clock.
Said stock consists of about 40 RIGS of every
description DELIVERY and MILK WAGONS.
SURREYS. BUGGIES, CARTS and SINGLE
and DOUBLE HARNESS. ETC. Also the
sheds and cood will of the business and about
23 head of WELL, BROKEN HORSES and one
JACK.
No Limit or Reserve.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
*v^ To close out a larga surplus of vehicles,
j /»■-♦♦* surreys and phaetons, buggies, carts,
warons of every' description. 40 sets of harness
and a lot of all-purposed horses; everything
sold" must ba as represented or money re-
funded. Tuesday. Feb 23 11 a. m., at 1140
Folsom et. Wil. CLOUGH. auctioneer.
fe £n\ fe
AUCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSES.
WEDNESDAY. February 24. at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
Every horse must be a» represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wranget.
Juneau. Haines. Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Feb.
20. 23. Mar. 1. Change to
company* • iteamer* at Seat-
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Towrsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. xn.. Feb. 20,
23 Mar 1 Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Feb. 22, 28. Mar. 5. Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Feb. 13. 19. 25. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Dtegro and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 9. a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luts Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
1- Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Feb. 21. 29. Mar. 8.
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4-
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guayroas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain foider.
Right ls reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market «t. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUN ANN, \General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312. y
v *
AMEBICAIT LINE,
Plymouth — Oherbonrsr — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
St. Louis Mar. OlSt. Paul Mar. 19
New York Mar. 12lZeel'd.Mar.26.10:3O am
ATLANTIC TEAKSFOBT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Marquette .Mar. 5. 9 A. M.
Mlnnehaha Mar. 12, 1:30 A. M.
Minneapolis Mar. 19, 7 A. M.
Mesaba Mar. 28. 0 A. M.
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Mar. 12[Dominlon Apr. 2
Vancouver ....Mar. 2CiCambronan Apr. 9
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Mar. KfStatendam ....Mar. 29
Noordam Mar. 22 1 Potsdam .......Apr. 5
RED STAS LINE. P >
New York — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Mar. filKroonland ....Mar. 19
Vaderland Mar. 12lZeeland Mar. 26 !
WHITE STAS LINE.
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanlc.Mar. 9, noon Majeslc. Mar. 30.10 am
Celtic. Mar. 16. 4 pm Arabic Apr. 1. 5 pm
Cedrlc.Mar. 23. 9 am Oceanic. Apr. 6. 10 am
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Mar. 17. Apr. 14, May 12
Cretic Mar. 31. Apr. 2.8
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC , Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 26
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post et., San Francisco.
iy#AtfcNiRS. MARSEILLES.' GtNQA^^ I
t« MAPLES at ALEXANDRIA RCYPT.^3
CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 2tf
ROMANIC Apr. 9. May 14 j
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service. ,
First class, $65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool <*«•£*<>*»
CYMRIC Mar. 17. Apr. 14. May 12 I
CRETIC Mar. 31. Apr. 23 j
First class. |60 and $65 upward, accord-
lag to steamer. For plans, etc.. address j
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific 1
Coast. 21 Post st.. San Francisco. i
HALLWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m, through In 3 days,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa 7a Trains]
l : -ln o' S'l t0T Stockton. Fresno, Baker«fleld,
8 : 00 in'j M ' rced . Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St,
San Jose. ' • /
TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via SansaIJto Perry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electrlc-i
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8:00,
9:00. 10-.C0. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15,
5:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO TAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 3:25. 6:35, 7:40. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. «:«,
8:15. 10:20 p. m.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:62, 8:55. 9:53.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:05.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m. ■
THROUGH TRAINS. «
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week'days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Yi» Sjaalit* Ivrt Arrive
SeaFrandsco IWt rf mirk**, San Frandao*
Week Sun- ' flgB Sod- I Week'
Day*, days j4$ffrffflS days Days.
•H:C9A«K:OOa (-&&§£&& 12:oar f&TO}
•1:46r »:00a WSSSJtHSgB l:25p *:50*
5:lftp 1O:OOa YSfSs-wSef «:»0r .V.ftOF
.„__. 11:OOa TZe*£n£Slr 4:SOr t«89»
1 -3;16r ■~^*r-'-\ *:»Of— —
near 1 626 Maker ST^(Norta Shore Railroad)
mm 1 tad SavsautoFkuy. Foot Marks* 9u
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
I (tuHvn \^| TrmlntieaTeand ar«
\V\l^=^L/^y SAN FRANCISCO.
V«oS^?V V' (ilain Line. Ferry Depot,
>^JC V^^ foot of Market Street >
-t«.,« - FioxFwnu*»Yl.'.Wt. - A«a»T«
""7 00a Vscavtlle. Wlotem. Kuin»ey... 7-SOp
jffll B«?tehi 9«««n- Elmlr » "* ft?? 7.20,.
7J0a Vafujof N«P». C«il«toga. Santa
7-3 llosa. Martiaea. San Ramon .... 82Qr
7.30a Nllea. Ltrermore. Tmcy. Lathror>.
Cf/sf |r*nn ...•••••»•••••*••••■ • -»*••
8 00a Eh..:* ExpVew- (VI. »»<"»>•
" UO Wtlllamt (for Bartlett Spr!w>.
Wlllowa +Fruto. KeU Bluff.
PortUnd, Ticom*, Seattle 7.50?
g 00* D»Tli. Woodland. Knights Undlnjj.
MarytTllle. OroTllle tW
■ 30a Port Costa. Martlnei, Antlocn,
IOU Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Krw
Sal* Banos. Me ado I a,
Armoto. Hantord. Vlsali*.
Forterrllle Vi" 4 * Z0P
■ 30a Port Costa. Martlne*. Tracy. Lato-
Gosaen Janctlon. lUnford,
Vt«all«. Dalcersfleld «-5Bp
8.50a Nlle», San Jose, Llvermore. Stoc.lc-
too. CMIIton). lone, Sacrarnento,
riacerrllle, MarysTille. CUIco.
Bed Bluff •-- 4-20P
8.30a Oakdale. Chlnete. Jamestown. So-
nora. Toolnmne and An«e!»..... f-20?
9 00a Atlantic Exprest-OgdennBdEaM. 1120^
|;30a Richmond. Martlnej and Way
Stations ••••• B oOp
»•"»* "p^eT^aha:^^^ 4 . 83 : f J.IOj
Wot L a . IeJ i«.-lei--p^.niVrllPori '"^
Costa. Martlne*. Byroa, Tr«cy.
Lathrop. Stockton. MeTeeiJ.
Rajmond. Freino. Ooshen Juno-
tlon. HanfoTd, I.eraoore, Vlialla.
Bafcemfleld. Lo« Anjelei 7Z0p
12.C0m Hayward. N'liei and Way Station*. 3-20?
tl OOP Bacr»:nento flirer Steameri tli.OOP
330p Benlda, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MaryiTUle. Otot131« an* way
stations • • •8 - rX*'
8 Xttr Haywarfl.NileianlWay8tatloni.. 7-50*
3 SOp Port Co»ta» MarUne*. Bjroo,
Tracy, Lathrop, Mod«»t«,
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
♦ tlons beyond Port Cofta t2-20f
3^0p Martinez, Traey. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20*.
4.00P Martlne*.San Ramon. ValleJcKapa,
Call itoca, Santa Rota. 9 20a
4.00t NUea, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
4.30P Hayward. Nllea. Irrlngton, Saa I ♦850*.
Jose. Ltrennore 1 111.50*.
6 COp The Owl Limited— Xewman. Los
Banos, Mendota, Tn*qp. Tulars,
Bakerifleld. Lot Angelei.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angelea, for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. *P 8-SBa
6X07 Port Coats. Tracy. Stockton 12 20p
t5.30p Hayward, Klles and San Joie 7 20*
8.00r Hayward. Nlles and San Joie 9o0a
8-OOp Eaitera Exprei*— Ofdea. OenTer.
Omaha, St. Lou'.j. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benida, Sut-
lun, Elmlra. Davis, Sacramento,
Rocklla. Auburn, Colfaz,
Trnckee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth, Wtnnemaeca S-2&P
8.00i> Tallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I ....
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only f / ' 0B *
7.00p Klehmond. Baa Pablo, Port Cotta,
Martlnej and Way Stations 11.204
I.CSr Orecon A California Erprets— Sac-
ramento. MarysTlile. Reddlns,
Portland. Paeet Bound and Salt. S-50 a
8.1 Op Hayward. Nlle» and San Jo«e(3ua-
dsyonly) 11-50*.
COAST LINE (-larrew ««.;.).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.1 6a Newark, C»aterTllle, San Joia,
Felton. Boalaer Creek, S»nta
Crux and Way Stations 5-53*
t2.16P Newark, Center* We. San Joss,
New Almaden.Los Oatos,Feltoa,
Boalder Crnek, Santa Crm and
Principal Way Stations MO-55*
4-16p Newark, San Jose. Los Oatos and t t8.5S4
waysutlonn ) :10 5Sa
•9 30i> Hunters Tratn. Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Stations. Return*
in? from Los Gatos Sun-lay only. t7 25 p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KltANCISCU, Foot of Market St. (S!1p<l
— 11:15 >:0U 11:uua.m. 100 300 6.15m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 13:10
t3:05 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiaure).
Of (Third and 'f ownsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8-30*
7-00a San Jo«e and Way Stations 5 33i»
8. 00* J>«w Almaden (Taes^ Frld., only). 4-IQp
800a The Coaster — Stops only San Jo«e.
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro, Castrovllle (con>
nection to and from Monterey
andPaclQc Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garlta. San Luis Obfspo, principal
'■-stations thence Surf (connection
for Lorn poo, principal stations
thence Santa Barbara.San Buenv
▼entura. Sangrua. Los Angeles... 19-43*
8. CO* Saa Jose, Tres Plnos, Capltola,
SantaCraz.PaclflcGroTe.Sallnas,
San Lnts Obtspo and Principal
Way Station 4-1f>
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20p
1140a Santa Clara, Ssn Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
1-30P Can Jose and Way Stations 8 33a
2. OOP Del Monte Kxpress— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Hollister, Tres
Plnos. at CastroTllle for Salinas. 12-1SP
3-30p Tres Ptnos Way Passenarer 10 45 a
4.30p Ban Jose and Way Stations t3 00*
tSOOP Ssn Jose. (Tla Santa Clara) Los
Gstos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 00*
(5 30r SanJosesndPrtnclpalWayStatlons 13 40*
8-COp Sunset Limited.— Ked wood. San
Jose, GUroy.SaHnas.Paso Kobles,
San Luts Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demtng. El Paso,
New Orleans, New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and at CastroTlllai for Pacific
Grore and Way Stations 7-104
ffl.15P EanMateo,Beresford,Belmont.San
Carles. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-48t
6 30* San Jose and Way Stations. 8 33*
8-QOr Palo Alto and Way Sutlons 10.15a
11 .SQr South San Francisco, MUIbrae. Bar-
. llngame, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto... ... 9 *3»
«11.30p May field. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Ban Jose tfl.48^
A for Mornln«r. P for Atternooa.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
I Stone at all stations ea Sunday.
BS^Only train* stopptnf at Valencia St. ioutb>ou4
sre«:10A.M,,7:00A.3i^n:S0A.li.,3:3O?.M,.l:!»f.ii.ta4
1:00 rjir
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFli
BArLWAT coaiPAjrr.
Tlburon Terry, Toot of Market Street.
SAW FBA1TCTSCO TO SAW EAPAEL.
"WEEK DAY&-^7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
3:30. 5:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAPAJEI. TO SAN PSAH01SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. T:50. 9:20. U:l»
a. m.: ll':50, 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:10. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
TVeTlc I Sun- I l>estlna- I Sun- J Weelc
Day. | days. ] tlon. | days. ( Days.
"ilSOa 8:00a 9:10a| 3:40a
9:30 a Ignado. 10:4Oa!10:2Oa
3:30p 3:3Op «:0r> p «:20p
5:10 p 5:00p »:35p|
~7 -30 * 9:10a| 8:4»a
8:00 a Novato. I0:4Oal0:2O»
3:S0 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 r>
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:05 p
6:0Op Santa Rosa.
"7-30a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
8:30p 3:30p
Windsor, *
7:30 a 8:COa Healdsburs. 10:40 a|10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle. v 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. ..
7:30 a! M:COa| Hopland 110:40 a'10:20 a
3:30p| 3:30p| and Uklah. [ 7:33 p| 6:20p
7:30a| 3:00~a| Wlllits |7:33p|6:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa! |10:4O a|10:2n a
3:30 p| 3:3O p| Guemevllla. | 7:35 p| 6:20 v
~7:30a| 4*C0 al Sonoma. | 9:lOa| 8:40a
5 : 10 p[ 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. \ 6:C5p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20*a
3 ;30p| 3:30 pj Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| rj:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa llosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Kulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnga: at Gey-
serville' for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysera, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lam-
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day'*. Riverside, Llerly's.
Bucknella. Sanhedrln Heights. Hull v ill*. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevena. Hoplrtns. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Vsal; at Wlllits for Fcrt Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood, Catato. Covello, Layton-
ville, Cumminss. Bell's Springs, Harrlsi, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
tulldlPJ.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
Gea. Manager- Ceo, Pus. Art.FRATERNALITES
ENJOY HOLIDAY
Juniors and Daughters of Lib
■-• ewy Entertain «tnd Dance
111 IIaII of the Native Sons
MACCABEES GIVE A BALL
Ancient Foresters and Sotoyomc
• tribe of the Improved Order
• Ql Red • Men Make Merry
1 here was a. lai^e number of people
in Native- Sons* Hall last night to en-
J<*>: J-he entertainment and dance given
by the local councils of the Junior Or
der of I'nited Amtrican Mechanics and
those of the Dai:phter? of Liberty in
celebration of Washington's birthday.
rhe?e orfranizations beinj? patriotic as
T*ey as ben^fi'-ial devoted niurh ntten
tiofi to th.> decoration of the hall m
natiar.al color?, thcpo beins: in su'.h
conr.binatif^np to produce a pretty
and artistic- effect.
*Tl";c pn:crrarr::r.<e included an overture
*>>* the orchr=ir^. an address on patriot
ism £upge<?teo; by ihe « life work of
brotherhood and fratern
ty. v. contralto eolo by Mips Logan
Too!**, musical specialties by Mips
L-:thel and Blaster Arnold <Jlazer, a few
midairs with Billy Hynes and selec
tions, by Professor W. darkson's Man
dolin Club.
■Thf- programme which was woll re
caTred. ten* followed by a ball, the
dane^ r>ros:ramme bping made up <>f
twelve numberp. vsfith one extra. F. C
Pattlson was the floor manager, ap
e:h;.t<i by Mis? Josephine Naclf and tti&
fo!|pKringr rv >nimitteep: /
"Floor— H. M. Pchmidt, Dr. A. S. Bulllvmn,
J»*a W. <v,H". Hisa a. «>j«Jmar!=»n, Mrs. H.
J''.*:.. Mif; F.hfi M. Fi^trhfr Mrs. <\ A
-•.-hr.»rr.. JiIiF* Kv» JIanVy. rjworjrc >;. TenT.
•>>' "netrto**. i:.1x«-in <1i» Mar. Miss rarrie
PprouJL Uict lAxtit Car.Wt. Miss Barbara
S- TiJif-tzrr, <>.rpc Traspr. BacetM Har*Mi.
:. L.. Pmiih. Miss Anni" Hall. Mr?, ttrons,
:■' ♦- H«nnah <iray. F. K.. Ciller. <"har!pp W.
H«-4'j*»r.rr-irh. RcOoa ti. Prawlr.
R«v*pticn— K I: lliiry. j. n. Macklejr. C.
T -Wuir^y. .J. C. At-hbouph. Mrs. M K. Sal
tnwog, Mhs M»b*| Bert. Miys Flora Ols^n. Z.
T. Whittrn. It. AV. Aikin^an, N^al McNeal.
iltf. « . Miller.
, . The councils takinR part in thif».af
,falr \\f-re Abraham Lincoln. Starr Kirp.
U. S. Grant and Alexander Hamilton
of the Juniors and California. Martha
Washington ?n<i Gr.lden Gate of the !
I>aug-hters. ,
<iivL:s c"hii.i>ki:\'s xight.
'"ourt Twin Peaks of the Ancient
**-r.d/>r of Foresters pavs a chfldirec'a
s^;;ht in Mission Turn Verein Hall last j
cVentng which proved to be a very]
firijfrhtful eniertainment for young and i
f>\(I. The hall, which w=s well filled, j
v.ai patriotically decorated in honor cf j
the "day. After a f^w remarks by i
Alexander Smith. ma?:er of ceremonies!, j
the following; prngramme was pre- j
;-cnted:
•Xationsl mlrr, orchertra; sonp. M:s.« U">- I^j- !
or?: fcu'li »n<1 wlrjr danc?. •'Baby" ivntsch; j
vocal.s.Io. Ila5trr C A. Krone; recitation,
blaster Kuctt.' lii<.l.:r<tt-: !>anjo «=o!o and cojn i
s -- VKrm IJ.'X"! Tanaghan: Frpnrh tee i
.iarxe. Master lloraagrur Barton: Boos and |
d^nce. M:ss I"inche Trfl^ase: oornet trio. >
I.u v y and. Aaute Wiithoft and Mas?-r Wtfll* '•
Hiawfj Kpt&a&tiem, Mam- Ocffey and Eisia i
.Ainlrrsen: Hiphlami f.ms. MBsi*>r Jair.fC Trove- j
tfiifk; pone. IUm LtfXie Fersuson; violin duet, j
M.. ;• C«Tadn ;. ri-i Auirry iiur.ro; German j
t-ine e.n'i fianct. Miss Ms.nha Bo«e«; sketch. I
Queene Ti'lca and MaMdie !?han<.
The programme- was followed by
*ijncing under the flo»jr managership ;
of Pef»r Koppen and an attentive floor j
committee ccjnt>r>%«d of , Charles Cur
i'vx. W. B. <\i:;,- :lcr, J. Heinkel and |
< V.G. ruihi.. : :sr ( r..
Ml*~lTAtty BALJL;
" The ::.;:::: i : a \n r;.,iden <5ate Kail,
given Laet nishi by San Francisco Di- j
vision Ko. 3, ;r ;: i.:. . Rank of this]
Kn!5hts of she Maccabees, Carlton W. j
Sttriy ■ comm a ndlne, v,a« a brilllarit at-'
fair.: It was attended by many young j
pentlemen ar.d iad;rj--. a large number.]
(<'j Jhe members cf ihe division and j
members of other division?. They were j
dressed in the uniform of the organizix
tion'ar.d added much to the attractive*
i.fss of the scene as they appeared in
the grand march escorting handsomely
costumed ladies. The function, the ecc
r»r>a of the kir.d given by the division j
l ;>:ned, was carried to a most enjoy- j
able and succes«fui termination under j
th-.* direction of the following floor com- I
miitee:
Floor— Sir Kslgbta J'rzr.k Sampson, Ceorrs i
t-trt-cn*. l":f<3 Allen. II. A. Pclaski. J. }i. I
pjunpscn, K. IC^u.-iscn. Geoxe Grem. !;. }L ;
Eirpbcas. P(»:s-'*"-i-t Clttct£r Km!th. '•■
■A. i". I.u-lnip. '.•'■. -gczr.t C J. Ixazcn. Hrrjtcant i
r^rsstdn. C L> Oartecr. C >. L!ndt-r. S. i
Vi:;:fiark2ero*il. O- B. Richard*. S. TV*. GibEcn.
E. E. I>unn. . i:: . KXr^jriaas.
Sotpyome Tribe, Improved Order of I
R«d Men, celebrated the day by giving i
a ball in Union Square Hall. It *.vas at- j
tended by as many as could enter tho i
haJL The order cf dences, mad? up of I
f.clve nuinbers with three extras, kept;
th'' mrrry dancers together until mid- <
nJlfht: Thore that directed this affair '
v.cre: - I
nrorr^ Cat*. F. It. tVUcCxi F. J. Tyrrell, J. !
1/«vks. W. L.nrrrti, J. i, Kin^rton. F. Hrnnett
F. :;. Hroun. XV. P. F!flr-3"r5. \V. h Daly
F. P. P«trison, W. J. Tn ray. J. Olsrn, «:tiari,' g '
( hf iify. F. Flfi«ha2an. F. Jpnfron. C fihrrpeltx j
Ik. Rnitc'.z. T. Ocnrr>y. C Jortall. SI. A. Carl- 1
rvn. A. Stvrrock, C. licd^ulFt, CharJea liau-
l¥7TMh CBOtCEllY CLERKS^
UNION' '?b HOLD KEEliXG
Kzttcr* of Vital Inijwrtrtnoe Will Uc
Submittr-d to Members of the
Organization.
Th<» Retail Grocery Clerks* Union
•uill hold a meeting: on Thursday
evening. February 25- Matters, of!
vital importance will be submitted to
the members regarding the new :
schedule of hours shortly to ko into ;
The Janitor*' Protective Union Xo. j
3G7 held a meeting last Saturday I
".lit .it t£ieir headquarter!?, 901 Mar- ;
ft* street. Nine new members were:
Emitted. The union will give a pic- j
; l.'rerifient P. H. McCarthy of the ;
: jilding Trades Council and General |
"Sieretary R. I- Wlsler nf the San ;
'.- -.-inciseo Labor Council departed for !
the T^ast yesterday. McCarthy goes to j
attend i the National Building: Trades
found! and Wirier goes in the inter- j
hat of the body he represents.
nims New ■ Zealand Preferences.
OTTAWA, F^b. 22. — Th« Dominion i
Government has decided to grant to
NVw Zealand th«» tariff preference of
33 1-3 per rent in return for the New
Zealand preference. '
STRIKES A SUBMERGED OBSTRUCTION
AND DAMAGES STARBOARD PROPELLER
Steamship Sierra Hits Wandering Log -or Water-Covered Derelict.
Although One Screw Is Partly Crippled the Liner Makes Port
Within Limits of Schedule and Lands . British Mail on Time
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sierra. Captain H. C. Houdlette,
which arrived yesterday fro-m the An
tipodes and Honolulu, came into port
I with her starboard propeller partly out
j of commission, the . result of an en
counter about 10:20 o'clock Sunday
nipht with some submerged obstruc
tion. With the port screw, however,
the liner made good headway a*nd
! reached port well within the limits of
j her schedule. The obstruction struck
t is thought to have been a submerged
I log or may have been some water cc-v-
I ered derelict that has retained of buoy
' ancy just enough to keep it sufficiently
I near the surface to catch the keels of
| vessels whose course may 'cross the
i wreck's submarine wanderings. The
j liner was churning along at full speed
j when she struck ar.d the impact jarrel
; the big steamship from end to end. It
is thought that one or two blades were
•tripped off the starboard i propeller.
The Siena will be drydocked and it is
possible that the marks on her hull
may reveal the nature of the hidden
menace over which she bumped.
The Sierra brought 200 passengers
and a general cargo which included
! shipments of iron bark. wool, tin, ilKnp,
| C0O0 bags of sugar and 1416 bunenes of
. bananas.
Among the passengers were two the
| atrical stars that have been playing in
1 the coionies and are bound for Eng
j land. Miss Maud Miltc-n and \V. H.
Denny are the names of these stage
folk and both are said to have been
popular In Australia. "I am something
of a celebrity in London," said Denny,
, "but Misw Milton is better known In
j provincial England than at the capital.
'■ 'Dick' Mansfield and I are great friends,
; and Dave ISelasco asked me to let him
; know when I arrived."
Rodolph Tudor, manager of the Gros
| venor Hotel, Sydr.ej', and one if the
best known bonifaces in the southern
hemisphere, was a passengjr on the
Sierra. George Compere, the v:ell
known cntorr.e-Icgist, returned the
j liner.
The Sierra's pa^ser.gfrs included the
J following named:
From SvJney^-Mr. ord Mrs. F. E. CobboH.
I Mr. and Zlrt. Rodo3p& TivJor. 2Sr. find Mr*. <J.
! \V. Hallalieu. Mr. and Mr5. Courtney Jenkins,
; Mrs. L. s-tuftmnnn end throe < hildrf-n. Dr. J.
! Dcrujrlai! Cccke. M!5P Maud Milton. \V H. Den
: ry. Jam.'» AVaik<-r. J!1«f M. II. Know!"*. F.
i Drion. G. 3. Dawborn. A. U. Dor.t. M. II. f'ohn
i Oclonfl J. B. Fm'th. M\ J. Pearc», J. I. Fn!k
j Mr*. M. PuHan, E. M. Parish. Mr*. P. IJiifTj-.
j Mifs 1-. Duffy. H. S. Hyr.», M!?s E. Pullun
j Mif-s E. Bode.
Auckland — Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Leonard.
! J. M. T. Hsyhnm, Dr. I,. E. Barnrtt,
I K. HewetKO. Mr. and Mr*. W. F. Power, Mrs
i M. M. Wyttcn. P. Dufry.
Hoik !uiu- -Hit. E. It Ptackable, Mr. and
i Mrr. <;. IV, DteMr and two children Mr?. W.
i W. Th?:rh<>r. A. tL fJapp, Mrc. O. f?5»ley. K.
j VC. C.vgrn, Mr?. HadJpy. Colonel \Y. I). Wi'man,
IT. K. liauham. Mr. and Mrs. M. Gale ami
| child. R. G. Hrr<1cr.Hon. Chuck Hoy, Ton?
Fone, Mr. and Jlrs. J. P. Carson. Rev. K. J.
McLauirhlin. Ilcv. J. J. Garland r». W. A
D?vi«. Mr. and Mr?. F. P. Holt. M. E. Miiner,
\V. P. Sullivan, G. D. Cla^u, P. R. Helm.
Min> Pattpr^on, Iv.rin Anilrfw», Mr. ami Mrs
n. \V. Ot^m, O. F. I>-hners. Mr. and Mn> i
IV*. D. Ferguson. G.-H. Whitney, B. B. Strong
. G. Huntrr, A. AV. Miles. Mli»r M. Sipple. M!*s ,
C Doyie. Miss F. Doyle. Dr. J. Hildebrand
A. N. Moffltt and C. J. Alexander.
Astral Re'ady for Sea.
The standard Oil Company"B ship Astral Is
in t.%* stream and ready to receive her crew.
The crew will J,e titlpped tr,-<5ay and the big
rhfp will leave for Honolulu just as soon as h«T
canvas is ty»nt. Phe goes to ♦he irland port ln
fc&llaiit and win load sugar for New York or
lX:!a>vaie i>r«uU.w uiu.
Mongolia Leaves Norfolk.
The Pacific Mail Company's new stearrrhip
Mongplla fsi!e<J ytstcrdcy from Norfolk for
this i>ort. The Mongolia in rommandod by
CepUln Rlndcr. formerly of the Coptic and
will run flth*r from here or Portland to and
from the Orient.
Tlie Overdue lA*t.
ine veFseis on in<? overdue list wer« quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Thoodor.
50 per ctnt; Robert Tiekmeni, 20 per cent- w'
V. Babcock. 12 per cent; General Meliinct, 10
per cent. . .-"
lYcfshter Algou Docks.
The Pacific Mall Company's big freighter
Aigoa. which arrived Saturday with 15,000 tons
cf cargo, doekfd yesterday and this morning
will bfSln dlsrhargirg her enormous burden
of Oriental produce.
Shipping Intcllig-encc.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 22.
Ftmr Asuncion, Brlds«t, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr- San Pedro. I'eterson, 90 hours from
Grtyn Harbor.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johannsen, 43 hours from
Rcdondo.
Stmr Sierra. Hotrflette; 21 days 13 hour*
.v: tnin from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 13
hours -1 min.
Ktmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Dl*=io and way ports.
Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 8 days from Colum
bia Rivet. «• • ■
lil.'.n Gleaner, Scbmahl, 8 days from Colum-
IU nirer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
PACIFIC MAIJ, COMPANY'S
ALGOA. WHICH ARRIVED
SATURDAY NIGHT.
Schr Mary C. Campbeft. 8 hours from Bo
desa.
Schr Bernle K, Reed. 11 hours from San'
Vicente Landing.
SAILED.
Monday, February 22.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johannsen. Eureka.
Ptmr Pomona. Ewrannen, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. F«b. 22. 10 p. m.— Weather
leggy; wind SW, velocity of S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOP BAT— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Czarina,
hence Feb 10. Feb 22— Stmr Empire, hence"
Feb 20; *chr Advent, hence Feb IS.
BANDOX— Sailed Feb 21— Schr L-imle Prlen,
for San Pedro.
EVERETT— Arrived Feb 22— Bktn John
Smith, from Santa Rosalia; schr Salvator,
from Pnn Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Leelanaw,
for Fsn Frsinctjieo.
ArrU-fd Feb 22— Stmr Mineoia, hence Feb 10;
stmr Mackinaw, hence Feb l».
Sailed Fob 22— Bark Hesper, for San Pedro;
whr Taurt'*, for San Pedro.
El'REKA— Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Phoenix,
hence Feb 20. Feb 22— Stmr Arctic, hence
F<b 2C; Btmr Acme, hence Feb 20.
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Spokane, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Sailed Feb 22— Schr
Okanoean, for Manila. '
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Farllion,
from Skasway. '
TATOOSH— Parsed In Feb 22— Stmr EanU
Barbara, hence Feb 19, for Seattle.
Pap«€d Inward Feb 22— Stmr L'matllla, hence
Feb 20. for Victoria.
CLALLAM BAY— Anchored F?b 22— Schr
Annie It. Cami.bell. from Blaine, for San Pc>
dro: Itaf Leelanatv. froir. Taconr.a, for tsan
Franclfco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Fob 22— Bktn Che
halts, fr.m Newcastle, Auf.
KAHTLri— Arrived Feb 21 —Bark Fooling
Suey, from Honolulu, not as before reported.
EASTEKX PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Saratoga
for Colon.
NORFOLK— Sailed Feb 2ft— Stmr Mongolia,
for Sar. Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Xeb 20— Ger ship
Noir.la, from TacOma. . •
TALTAL— Arrived Feb 1?— Ger ehlp Ade
laide, from Pnntn Rosalia.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 20 — .I«p stmr
Tcso Mam. from Seattle.
£al!<-il Feb 11) — I5r stmr Empress of India,
fcr Vancouver.
PERIM— Passed l'eb 10— Br stmr Birming
ham, from Norfolk, for Manila.
VICTORIA— Arrival Feb 22— Br utmr Athe
nian, from Hongkong.
NEWCASTLE— railed Jan 24— Br *hlp Ley
land Brother?, for Kallna Cruz. Jan 27 — Nor
bark Ci Tcbiae. for Honolulu; Br bark An
c-ono, fc:- Honolulu.
POP.T PIRIE— Arrived Jan 1«— Ger ship
Alice, from Port Blakeley. Jnn 3— Br bark
Bermuda, from Port I^udlow.
PORT VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 20-Ger ship
Industrie, hence Nov 21.
NEWCASTLE, ACS.— In port Feb 1— Ship
Emily Reed, ff>t Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Boston.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Ho
hcnzollern. from New York, for Naples,
Genoa,, etc.
Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Republic, from Bos
ton, for Algiers. Genoa, Naples and Alexan
dria, and proceeded.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
BROWHKAD — Pawed Feb 22— Stmr Bovlc,
frcm New York, for Liverpool.
■ LEGHORN— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Califor
nia, from New York, via Naples, for Marseilles
and .Genoa.
GENOA— Sailed. Feb 20— Stmr Lombardl, for
New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Fob 20— Stmr Ramses,
from San Francisco, vin. London.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Mln
netonka, from London.
Sun, Moon nnd Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of. the
Superintendent. ■ '-
NOTE: — The > high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mtfslon-ntreet wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; -the height
of tide Is the came at both places.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 23.
Sun Tines 6:50
Sun sets , ...5:56
Moon eetci 0:00 a. m.
D iTImc Time Time Time
S — — Ft - ' Ft - Ft - Ft
? |H AV ■ I» W H XV L W
23 S:*7 5.1110:40 1.1 5:10 "3.6 10:17 2.8
24 4:36 5.2 11:47 0.7 6:R8 3.6 11;24 2.7
25 5:36 5.8 12:42 0.4 7:54 3.0 .....
L W H W L W - HAV
28 0:.".« 2.R «:43 6.8 1:50 0.0 8:63 4.2
27 1:43 2.* 7:47 5.7 2:43 — 0.2 9:47 4.8
2* 2:40 2.6| 8:48 5.S 3:32—0.4 10:27 4.9
lCOT&-^In the above exposition of the lldcs
the early morning tides are given In. the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order. of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except whTi there are but three tides, a'
sometimes occurs. The. heights given are In
addition to the soundlnfcs of the United States
Coast Survey chart?, except when a minus ( — )
»lgn precedes the height, and then the number
Kiven Is subtracted frem the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of. reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
'TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Atorla Feb. 23
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Ftb. 2:
G. Lindauer.. Portland Feb. 23
Coronado Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Clavering.... Hngkng v. Saltna Cruz Feb. 2<
Artubis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. £i
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Arcata ; I Coop Bay *r" Pt Orfortl. Feb. 23
Bonita i Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Chehalis Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Spokane HUmbolOt :. Feb. 23
, Pomo !" Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 23
Sequoia I Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Elisabeth Coquille River IFeb. 21
Memphis ' Seattle , IFeB. 24
! Oregon j Portland & Astoria Feb. 24
Doric' I China & Japan F«b. 25
Czarina | Coos Bay : Feb. 2S
Acapulco New York via Panama. Feb. 25
Point Arena.. Mcndoclno & Pt. Arena. Feb. 25
Santa Rora... San Diego A- Way Pte. Feb. 25
POtnona Humboldt Feb. 20
Coos Bay Ban Pedro & Way Pt»: Feb. 26
City Put bla.. Puget Sound Ports .... Feb. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 27
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb. 28
North Fork... Humboldt Feb. 29
Jefthle Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. ... Mar. 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.. . . Mar. 2
TO "SAIL".
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
- February 23.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Homer Coos Bay direct. .. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Chieo Coquille River 3 pm Pier 2
Eureka..*.. Humboldt 8 am Pier 13
; rebrnary 24. |
Alliance Eureka A Coos- B.|ll am Pier 16
W. Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmjPier t
Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 4 pmjPier 13
rebrnary 23. |
Spokane Humboldt l:30plPier &
Pomo Pt, Arena & Albion C pmjPier 2
Statical... San Diego & Way.J 9 amfPlef 11
Bonita Newport Jt Way..! U amIPler 11
Qii'ni j Puget Sound Ports. til amiPler 9
February 38. j ' {
Lakm<* " or Angeles Ports. 110 amlPIer 20
Centennial, t^atle & Tacoma. 5 pmjPier 20
G. Llridauer Astoria & Portland Pier —
Elizabeth.. Coquille River | 5 pmlpier 50
Claverlnc Hkong v. Portlandl f Pier 20
China China & Japan I 1 pm! Pier 40
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 j*m|Pler 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pmlPler 2
February 37. j
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdeno -4 pmiPler 2
Oregon Astoria & Portland'!! amjPicr 24
Cltj- Panam S. Y. via Panama. |12 m Pier 40
Memphis... Hamburg & Way.! 2 pmfPler 19
March 1. | |
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. (It am|Pier 9
March 3. ! I
Sierra Sydney & Way ! 2 pm|Pier 7
~~ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ! For. Sails.
J. Dollar i Vaide* & Seward Feb. 25
Al-Ki ! Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Cottag* City. : Skagway & Way Port«. Feb. 2«
Dol;>hln Fkagway &. Way Ports. (Feb. 2$
Dlrlgo Ska k way & Way Port*. (Feb. 2S
Excelsior i Valdes * Way Ports.. JMar. l
PURE FOOD EXPOSITION
ARRANGED BY GROCERS
Will Ue Hol«l to Promote the Inter
ests of Producer, Manufacturer,
Dealer and Consumer.
The San Francisco retail grocers
have Rrranged to give a Pure Food
Industrial Exposition at Mechanics'
Pavilion, commencing April 30 and
extending to May 15. It is the pur
pose to promote the mutual interests
of the producer, the manufacturer, the
retail grocer and the consumer.
This being the first exposition 'under
the auspices* of the association, every
member is doing his utmost to make
it a success. Business Manager Clark
reports fifty-seven applications for
_space, which augurs well for the ex
position when it is considered that the
preliminary announcement was made
only a few days ago.
The committee offers a prize of $10
for the best design and $5 for the next
best design for a three-sheet poster to
be worded, "San Francisco ' Retail
Grocers* Pure Food and Industrial Ex-
position. April 36 to May 15, 1904."
As the subject of pure food Is one of
vital import, the forthcoming exposi
tion will present an i Invaluable object
lesson to every householder.
Thieves nt the Presidio.
O. C. . Davis of the Twenty-ninth
Coast Artillery stationed at the Pre
pidib. reported to the police yesterday
that a guitar,, eight razors, a leather
razor case* and a hone had been stolen
from his quarters on Sunday. Some
of the articles Were marked.
Earthquake .Visits 'City.
San Francisco was visited with a
slight earthquake shock a few minutes
alter three o'clock yesterday , morn
liig. The direction of the waves. was
from north to south. The shock lasted
only about six seconds.
TIME IS KIND
TO THOMPSON
Veteran Impersonator of Joshua
Whitcomb Is as Delightful
as Ever in "01(1 Homestead*'
APPEAKS AT THE COLUMBIA
The A r ersatile Alcazar Company
Drops Back Into Comedy and
Gives a Broadhurst Play
That Denman Thompson is. a little
older and the double quartet a very
good one is all of new that can be said
of . "The Old Homestead, " this week
and next at the Columbia Theater. One
of the oldest of the truly rural plays,
most of Its best stuff has been made
yet more familiar by the bucolic pla
giarist. Practically the only thing that
has not been plagiarized is Denman
Thompson himself, and the contingency
continues unlikely. With the shrewd,
quaint humor of Mr. Thompson behind
it, "The Old Homestead" is still strong
to amuse, as last night's good house
handsomely testified. What it would
be without the actor is interesting if
unprofitable surmise.
It. is a rarely easy and unobtrusive
art that Thompson brings to his pic
ture of the oldSwanzey farmer. Un
like a good many younger realists, Mr*
Thompson seems to consider it unnec
essary to chew his words into unrecog
nizable rags. He can be heard at will,
even to his softest and quaint inflec
tions, and his quiet, illuminative ges
ture is just as good money's worth. In
fact, Mr. Thompson's Joshua Whitcomb
remains one of the best portraits of
Its class, human', convincing and wholly
lovable.
The actor is well supported. Fred
Clare,' who booms a noble bass in the
double quartet, is clever as Happy Jack,
and the rest fill in acceptably in their
not too arduous roles. The quartet is
more than usually good, built upon a
couple of bassos with a sensational cel
lar note between them and an uncom
monly handsc-me diapason above.
There is a tenor, too (second), who
trills an agreeable and sympathetic
song, and a useful barytone. A woolly
arrangement of the "Flower Song" and
"Soldiers' Charms" from "Faust," well
sung, was among the new numbers,
but it is just as well, under the cir
cumstances to stick to the "Old Oaken
Bucket."
BLANCHE PARTINGTOX.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar company again displayed
its versatility last night by dropping
back into the rollicking Broadhurst
farce "The Wrong Mr. Wright." Bar
ring the fact that there was only one
member of the aggregation who did not
make a Blip in his lines, the fine .old
laugh-producer went off with a snap
and a vim.
'• When he gets into farce comedy Mr.
Durkln has the trick of making people
wonder whether he shouldn't remain
there. The bluster and bluff of the gay
Mr. Seymour Sites seem to sit more
easily upon the leading man's shoulders
than some of the heavier parts which
have fallen to his lot. He has an aban
don of manner and a trite breeziness
which would seem to be all Willie Col
lier's own— with a little more effort.
Grand O»>era-House.
'All the good old Irish plays you ever
saw contributed to the composition of
"The Gamekeeper." a piece of fierce
melodrama, produced by Thomas J.
Smith and an incompetent company at
the Grand Opera-house last evening.
The play, trite as it was, was far. too
good for most of the acting. Smith
himself was not a bad Derry fieolan,
the gamekeeper, with the alternate
role of Dennis Brady, and his songs,
though sung with a thin voice, pleased
the small audience. His acting is nat
ural and shows humor. In short, he
might fill third parts with some suc
cess. Ed Van Murrel's comedy in
Johnnie Drake, the country bumpkin,
was occasionally amusing, and his
song in caricature of "Bldelia" was
one of the few nearly good things of
the performance. Sam Simpson as
Lanty Hogan'was inoffensive. G. W.
Kno.Vs Sir LiUCius Brantford was
probably the very worst thing seen on
a San Francisco stage in many a day.
None of the women rose above medldc
rlty, although Sadie Marion as Kath
leen O'Neill and Pauline Seldon v as
Moliie Doolan at lenst meant well. Lit
tle Baby Patti did a pleasing child act.
Of the rest the less said the better.
The audience guyed the performance
liberally.
lecher**.
"ROly-Poly" IJontinues to attract
crowds to Fischer's Theater. »
Central.
A melodrama that bids fair to crowd
the house for the rest of the week
opened at. the Central Theater last
night — "The King of the Opium Ring."
It was well staged and costumed and
mdde a decided hit. The thrilling
scenes and startling climaxes were the
occasion of many bursts of applause,
and the characters were strong and
well sustained.
Chutes.
The Melnotte sisters, two . dashing
singing and dancing soubrettes, madfr
great hits at both performances at the
Chutes yesterday, as did also TIppel
and Kltment. unusually clever musical
comedians. Ziska and Kin?, "the ma
gician and his valet." gave a very
amusing turn, and Kelly and Violette,
"the fashion plate singing duo"; Irving
Jonfs,- the .diminutive colored individu
al who writes his own smigs, and Mabel
Lamson. the contralto finger of illus
trated all had new specialties
to Offer. The animatoscope
a capital programme. On account of the
damp weather the promised display of
fireworks did not take place. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night.
Fire nt Tread well Mine**.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22.— A special to
the Post-Intelligencer from Skagway
says the Treadwell Y. M. C. A. build
ing, the best equipped institution of
the kind in Alaska, maintained by the
employes at the Treadwell group of
mines, burned to the ground early
Friday morning, together' with five
other buildings. The loss will exceed
$15,000, covered by $8000 insurance.
FROM REDDING
IN SIX HOURS
Principals in a Deal
Kesort to Special . Train and
Boat to Keep an Appointment
QUICK TRIP FROM NORTH
Broker Henderson of Chicago
Finds 3Ieans for* Overcoming
'Delay Caused by a Landslide
T. S. Henderson, head of a prominent
brokerage firm of St. Louis, and his
attorney, Judge Fred W. Fickett of
Chicago, accompanied by Daniel Mc-
Carthy of Oakland and Charles Thomp
son of this city, arrived here yesterday
morning from Redding after one of the
swiftest trips ever made by a Southern
Pacific train over that section of It9
big system. Henderson and Fickett
had been spending several days ln
Redding in connection with a big mill
ing deal in Arizona and had made ar
rangements "to leave there Sunday
afternoon so as to meet parties here
regarding the same business matter
at 9 o'clock yesterday morning. The
regular train from the north passe3
through Redding at 6 o'clock in the
evening and it was nearly that hour
Sunday when Henderson and his com
panion learned that owing to a land
slide at Roseburtf. Of., the train was
many hours late.
It was of vital importance to the two
thatthey should be at the Palace at 9
a. m. yesterday, and appreciating their
predicament Henderson entered into
negotiations with the railroad officials
for a special train, which they finally
got, it being agreed by the company,
that the travelers should reach"" hete
in ample time to keep their appoint
ment. Although the. company prom
ifed to haul them out of Redding at 11
o'clock Sunday night It was not until
12:30 yesterday morning that the spe
cial was got under way, but the loss
of time was soon made up, for the train,
consisting of an engine, coach and a
fiatcar, maintained a high rate of speed
the entire distance.
The train came south by the longer
route, it being figured that time could
be saved by avoiding the necessity of
a transfer on the Benicia ferry. Tele
graphic arrangements had been made
for a special boat at the Oakland pier,
which wag reached at 6 o'clock yester
day morning, and four minutes later
Henderson and Fickett and their two
guests were on their way across the
bay.
The party arrived at the Palace Hotel
with plenty of time to spare and finally
kept their appointment. At the meet-
Ing, however, it was discovered that a
number of telegrams received from the
East and bearing importantly on the
mining deal, had been sent in cipher, a
code of which was not to be had until
late last eventng. so they had really
accomplished little by their fast and
expensive trip from Redding, other
than to establish their good faith in
the deal for the purchase of a copper
property which is said to be one of the
richest In the West.
Receivers File Statement.
HOUSTON, Tex., Feb. 22. — The re
ceivers of the Kirby Lumber Company
to-day filed a statement placing as
sets and liabilities each of $11.103,
144. In the liabilities $7,239,292 is
placed under the heading "Investment
values," showing that it is not a lia
bility. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 THC DISEASE
| OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
| THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
I CURE FOR THIS EVIL. IS
|g NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
I NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
| PREPARATION.
I RELIEF COMES WITH
I THE FIRST GLASS.
I ALWAYS ASK FOR
| I (FULL NAME.)
I IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
i| HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
; 1 BE IMPOSED UPON.
*d#p|k Every Woman
tei\\xMla MARVEL -fyhlrRng Spray
■S^iH The new »»jU^ ?jHm*. / w«.
\^V < G^-Sfci^/l^ est-.Most ConTenlent.
, — 1 *^**?! tt €!••■»•• ta«w««lT.
If 1>- .-arnot enpv'T th8 \iW r! ??^,
MARVKI,. ftcceptuo \ XZ^'Vfe-**
fUienlMitiendstsTtipforll- \r. f ''>>mj\f
fnllpartlonljirtiuul directions la... OV// M
Talnabie to ladies. MAltVEl, Co.. **T!jV|, iqM
Tlir.es Building. New Torlc v^iijj^
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GHEAT KEST0KAT1VC iNVIGOK.V-
• tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and 8pecla*
Tonic fOT the Sexual Organs, for both tan.
Tho Mexican Remedies for Disease* of tb*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
KABCR. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market St., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.) j
— • — — -_ — , .1;
y<g».DtWEY.STWW6&C0^a^
i" 1
MARKET StTsY**^*^
djjfl&k Clear the Voice.
Cure Coughs and Colds.
■ ta Boxes only. Avoid Imitations.
Ltiwiiii miiiiiiiiiiii ■ min PI
AT* VrTftTTaTTM V, NT?-
MUNYON'S
PAW-PAW
Col. Swaim of the Government Bu-
reau of Engraving and Printing,
Washington, D. C, Cured
by Paw- Paw.
Paw-Paw has cured m« absolutely of nertoo<N
ness and general Indisposition ari«lnn frora
rheumatism. Ions continued, and seems to hart
J also cured the rheumatism.
I was a great sufferer before I began to us*
Paw-Paw. One. bottle has •ffect«d all tht» «nd
1 now feel as **ll as I erer felt ln my tlf».
(Signed") W. T. SWAIM.
Dnn't let the skeptical stop you from making
a trial of Paw-Paw to-day. You'r* tb* «m«
that is most interested.
If you havo catarrh, try it.
If you have dyspecs a, try It.
If you are nervous, try it.
If you are despondent, try ft.
If you are weak and run down, try tt.
. Cast away all tonics, all medicines and all
I rtlmulants and let Munyon's Paw-Paw malts
{.you well. It will ltrt you into th* huh alti-
| tiides of hope and hold you there. It will giv
{ exhilaration without Intoxication.
Sold by all dninwUts. Lar«r» botti*. II.
Paw-Paw Laxativ? Pills, 25 cents a bottl*.
AUCTION!
REFEREE SALE
or this
! Following cholc« list of rcslienre. lavtstmetit
| and unimproved properties of tne C. j. Wlu-
fferter estate will b<? field Monday. February
1 29. 1904. at 12 o'clock noon, at Golden Gate
j Hall. 625-7 gutter st.. subject to confirms tlon
by th* Superior Court:
No. 1.
BE. cor. Post an<1 Stockton sts.. substantial
nve-story ahd basement brick building, con-
taining store and 24 rooms above; r*nted low
•t $3S5 per month; lot 23x70.
Wo. 8.
Xo. 220-6 Koarrty st.. NE. cor. of M«f<fy
place, b«t. Sutler and Bush sts.. good 3-story
and basement brick building, containing 2
stores and lodging-house of 14 rooms; retits
$431 per month; 38x10.
Ko. 3.
No. 6T5-7 Kearhy St.. W. line. bet. Sacri-
mento and Clay sts.: well-built 3-Story and
basement brick building, containing stars and
tt offices above; rents $123 per month; lot 23:9x
28:11.
No. 4.
No. 1309-11 Stockton st.. AV. Hn*. bet. Broad-
way and Veliejo st.: improvements consist of
3-story frame building, containing stores and
BO rooms above occupied as m hotel; rents $205
per month; lot 43:6x88:9.
To. S.
No. 212-14 Leavenworth St.. E. line. bet.
Turk and Eddy sts.; Improvements consist of
2 2-itory bay-»!ndow residences of • rooms
and bath each; rents $1.30 per month; lot 50x
87:6. ' /
KO. 6.
No. 221 Leavenworth st.. W. line. bet. Turk
and Eddy st*. : 2-story frame dwelling o< 10
.rooms and bath; rents $53 per month; lot 23x
167:6.
Ho. 7.
Nd. 2111-3 Fillmore St.. AV. line, bet Cali-
fornia ami Sacramento sts. ; 2-story fram«
buiid(ng. containing stcre and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rented low at $C0 per month; lot
63x106:3.
Ko. 8.
No. 2702-6 Sacramento st. and No. 2123
i Pierce St.. N AV. cor. : Improvements consist of
; two desirable residences of 10 rooms and bath
i each and modern cottage of 9 rooms and bath:
1 particulars of rents can be had at our office;
lot 137:«xl27:9%.
KO. 9.
Xo. 2714 Sacramento St.. N. lm#. b«t. Plercs
and Scott sts.; a desirable residence of lt>
rooms and bath: particulars of rent can b«
obtained at our office; lot &S:9xl2?:S*4.
Ko. 10.
Xos 2713-21-27-43 Clay st. an<1 No. M*»
Pierce St.. SW. tor.; Improvements co«*lst <if
5 modern residences ft 8-10-13 rooms and bath
each: In perfect order ar*i rented lv» at |363
per month; lot 2C6:3xl27:8*4.
:;"■■■* ko. ii.
Ko. 2.142-4 Devl*ad«ro gt.. SB. eor. »f,Jack-
ro*\ «t.: 2 modern residences of 0-t4 room* ani
bath each; rents $13.1 p*r month; lot 52 :*S
xllO. . - "..
KO. 18.
No. 2321-.1 Devisadero st. and S'o. SSll Jac«-
; tor. St.. 3W. cor.; Improvements consist of rS
i modern residences of 7-K-14 rooftis and bath
eaoh; rents $20t> per month; lot 63:0x137.8.
| Pacific ave., S. line. bet. Devisadero aiM
Brod«rkk sts.; choice unimproved residence
site; 1Ux137:$H-
Xo. 14.
Entire hlnci. No. !»58. Tid# Lantts, consist-
ing of 24 lota. Nos. 1 fo 24. Inclusive.
V'»" : KO. 1*.
Lots 17 to 20. Inclusive, and 29 to 32. In-
clusive, block No. 381. O'Neil & Hale/ Trlet.
HENRY LZTT ESTATU.
By order of Executor.
Xcs. 7t5-17-21-25 McAllfster st.. 9. line. bet.
Goush and OctavU; improvements eonsiit Of
store with 4 rooms and loriglng-houo* of 12
roortis and '2 flats of 6-5 room? and bath; rents
$122 SO pt month; lot S5xl37:6.
For catalogue and further particular*, ap-
ply at r>nr office.
G. U. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTOOMERT 8f .
GETTING IT IIM THC NECK
With &w-«dKe Collars is what the man
does who takes his linen to an Inferior
laundry for renovation. Bring your
laundry work here and we will surprise
you oy the artistic beauty of t&« color
and finish that we lay upon It. N6 saw
edges upon your collars or cuffs here, no
broken buttonholes or edges. Tour
linen's handled carefully and we guar-
antee satisfaction.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
omca 1004 uabkzt stxsst.
Near Powell.
Phone South 420.
SJ&BP^aM MENANDWOMEH.
djBW^LUXsSJM ChB!(6 for onn»l*r»l
iwElirta 1 1« I «stlw| dUeharga*,tnl3«nim*tioaa.
jHHf Ounawl H irritations or nle«r»tioai
ffttJI art ta nrtotor*. "• of ma co a* nembruH.
*P— 9 Prrrrt« c.«ta»4«i. p»i B ;««s. »nd not Mtxla-
H7»lTHE£TAISCHEMm*iC0. c«at or poinonoaa-
VgA CmglUUTT.flJ'gaa «•!* fc~f OrsniaU,
wMl b. % a, jtfm 9T * eat ln * >laIn wrm *n*T.
T^bE WMfflrrm n.oo, orsbottiMU.rt.
HtfTftl^r H Clrralar if at m !•««•«•
1516
TO INVESTIGATE
IRREGULARITIES
Grand Jury Coramittoe to Begin
Inquiry Into Alleged Jobbery
in the Almshouse Supplies
INDICTMENTS 3IAY FOLLOW
Testimony Will Be Taken as to
Why the Leg-al Specifications
Were Not Strictly Adhered To
The Health Department Committee
of the Grand Jury will begin to-day
to take testimony in relation to the
alleged jobbery in the furnishing of
supplies to the City and County Alms
house under the administration for
which ex-Mayor Phelan is responsible.
The committee to which the latest
Fcandal in municipal affairs was re
ferred, in conjunction with its regular
inquiry lnlo the operations of the va
rious city Institutions under the juris
diction of the Board of Health, is com
posed of Ira B. DaJziel (chairman), Her
bert Law and J. H. Mundy. The com
mittee has mapped out the lines upon
which the inquiry will be pursued, and
if the evidence shows any wrongdoing
on the part of contractors or employes
at the Almshouse indictments are sure
to f olkrw,
The scope and powers of the Grand
Jury committees are limited to the
gathering of testimony regarding any
dereliction on the part of the officials
of the municipal departments. After
their report has been prepared it is
submitted to the Grand Jury proper,
and en the findings of the committee
will depend the bringing of true bills
against the offending parties.
WILL TAKE EVIDENCE.
The first part of the inquiry will be
directed to the examination of the spec
ifications upon which the various 'con
tractors furnished their supplies. After
this is definitely settled in the minds
of the members of the committee evi
dence will be taken both from the em
ployes of the Almshouse and the con
tractors themselves as to the kind of
Roods supplied to the institution, which
were pronounced of inferior quality
and lacking in quantity by the com
mittee of the Health Board which first
uncovered the irregularities.
The contractors that will be called
tipon to explain their transactions with
the Almshouse include F. Uri & Co.
and Ryan & Ryan. The Health Board
Committee reported that cow's meat
had been furnished the city's poor in
stead of steer's meat, as the specifica
tions called for. As the latter is much
inferior to the former and costs less it
is clear that some one profited by the
nllesred substitution, and on this point
T'ri & Co.. who had the meat contract,
•rfU be closely questioned.
WEIGHT OF BLANKETS.
Ryan & Ryan furnished the blankets,
which the Health Board Committee
found were underweight. The specifi
cations called for five-pound blankets,
while those furnished only weighed
four pounds, it is claimed, and did not
have the name of the Almshouse
woven in them
Other alleged irregularities to be
probed by the committee include the
furnishing of half-barrels of pork and
charging for full barrels; the purchase
of Fix inferior milch cows; syrup that
did not accord with the specifications,
and the purchase of a horse at double
the value of the animal.
Judcing from the manner in which
the alleged irregularities were carried
on it is the general opinion that there
was collusion among some employes at
the Almshouse, and in that event those
who offended will certainly lose their
positions, even if something of a graver
character does not happen to them.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE TO
HOLD ANNUAL ELECTION
The annual election of the Me
chanics' Institute will take place to
day. Polls wiU be open at the library
building from 11 a. ra. to 9 p. m.
Seven trustees are to be elected from
ihe following list of candidate:
Georro Beaneton, assistant auditor Pacific
States Telegraph and Telephone Company; Ed
ward A- T. Gallagher. 712 Sutter street; Ed
ward P. Heald, president Heald's Business
O>:ier»; A. M. Hunt, consulting engineer;
J*b** H. Lotm*. with the Bank of California;
I*. R. M>ad. auditor ft! scion Iron Works;
Charles Sonntag. Charles Sonnt&a; & Co. cont
raleyion merchant* -James Spiers, reneraf ma«
»rer Fulton Irca Works; Rudolph J. Tausslg
merchant; O. A, Tveltmoe. editor; George H.
TTalllff. superintendent cable department wire
works.
Claims His Son Beat Him.
Jerry Dowd, an old man residing at
S88 Harriet street, was treated at the
Emergency Hospital yesterday for a
eevere scalp wound and a broken bone
In hla wrist. The wounds were in-
Cleted. he stated, by his 15-year-old
son. Edward. The old man also said
that because he owns some property,
which hia wife and children wish to
eet away from him, they have been
abusing: and assaulting him at Inter
vals until yesterday, when the climax
was reached by the son striking him
on the head with a stick, while his
wife looked on.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
the babies and children on
Scott's
Vou will sec an improve-
ment in their little thin
bodies at once. They can
take it when- they even
refuse their mothers' milk.
It 'is essentially a babies'
food, surprising in its re.
suits. Always the same.
PHYSICIANS DISCUSS THE DEPLORABLE
STATE OF CITY AND COUNTY HOSPITAL
Second Day's Session, of the Third Annual State Conference of
Charities and Corrections Is Prolific of Valuable Papers on
Subjects of General' Interest Pertaining to Public Institutions
The second day of the third annual
session of the State Conference of
Charities and Corrections was com
pleted yesterday. Quite a large crowd
was present and it listened to several
papers, all of them dealing with med
icine and the treatment of disease.
The City and County Hospital was
the subject of much discussion at the
morning session. Papers on this in
stitution were read by Dr. Emmet Rlx
ford and Dr. William Watt Kerr. The
subject was discussed by Dr. James
Ward, president of the city Board of
Health, and Dr. A. W. Clark of the
Alameda County Hospital.
Dr. Rixford said:
To answer the question of whether the eer-
Tlce to the, sick poor is what it should be Is a
clmple matter, for every one who knows any
thing at ajl abont the City and County Hospi
tal knows that it is not, but to put the thing In
euch a manner that It will bear fruit In stimu
lating effort to better the institution is not so
Flmple. To those who live in San Francisco
and vicinity I can tell nothing about the insti
tution or" lta management — there is nothing
new to tell or to tell of. I was going to say
that there Is nothing new In the City and
County Hospital, nor has there been for the
last thirty years.
San Francisco has never had reason to be
proud of her municipal hospital, and she has
don© but mighty little to better things since
the days when the present building was erected
as a temporary structure to house the patients
while a proper permanent building was being
constructed. She has lain apathetic while
other cities of her size and importance have
all etriven to keep pace with the march of
science and art in the care of the sick. She
has been left far In the rear by all the great
American cities, till to-day she can bos*t If
ehe would of the poorest built, the poorest
equipped and the most niggardly supported
municipal hospital of any city of her size In
America. And the condition of things is not
likely to be materially improved till the public
appreciates the facts in the. case and demands
a better state of things, and just here It seems
to me Is one of the fields In which this confer
ence can be of great assistance to the Institu
tion In helping to mold public opinion In Its
favor.
NEED NEW BDUiDING.
That the general public Is beginning to ap
preciate the needs of the City and County Hos
pital Is shown by the fact that in a recent
election the city voted to Issue bonds to the
amount of a million dollars for the erection of
a new building.
Another speaker will present to you a state
ment of how munificently our 'thrifty city sup
ports its charity hospital and will compare It
with similar Institutions In other cities. Suf
fice It for me to say that San Francisco ap
propriates less per patient than any other hos
pital with which we would like to compare
our Institution. The appropriation varies from
CO to TO cents a day per patient, including sal
aries. Of j thirty similar hospitals in Ameri
can cities fifteen I spend ■ more than twice as
much and generally their salary list is smaller
In proportion. Have we a -right to expect our
Board of Health to give service comparable to
that In these . hospitals on less than half the
amount of money to dolt with? You will see
figures which will show that the cost of raw
food is less than In nearly all such Institu
tions. It Is 17 and 18 cents a day per person
fed — but a large proportion of the persons fed
are officers and employes, whose fare — none
too good— Is ' more expensive than that given
to the patients.
I have said that the salary list Is some
what larger than In Eastern hospitals, but,
considering the higher wages in San Pran
cIeco, It is not disproportionately so. But the
Individual -salaries are In some Instances ri
dicuolously low,, which simply means that the
institution has a larger number of employes
and that these employes are Incompetent and
cannot if they would give proper service. A«
you will see. the large number of employes
contains a ridiculously email number of nurses
— which means that there Is a still greater
predominance of the inefficient help.
The Influence cf a lot of conscientious young
women In such an institution is not to be ex
aggerated, a physician who visited our city
from Massachusetts not long since, and who is
deeply Interested in the problems of hospital
management. *pent most of his time while
here in visiting the various public and private
hospitals. He found much to commend, but
also much to criticize. His attention was par
ticularly attracted to the character of the
nursing service in the City and County Hospital
and the relatively entail number of nurses as
compared with similar institutions In the East.
So convinced was he of the beneficent Influence
of women in the hospital that he was wont to
m:it> up the situation in the statement that a
hospital Is clean, the food well served, the
comfort of the patients assured In proportion
to the amount of control in the management of
<he affairs of the institution put in the hands
of the women.
Dr. Ward said:
From all that you bare . heard - and all that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1904.
you have read, you have no doubt concluded
that the City and County Hospital Is the
daikest hospital and the darkest managed hos
pital In the world.
The Board of Health has Its face set toward
a betterment. While Its' existence Is provided
by the charter, it is not a board of political
doctors. If the charter forces the medical man
into a. life on the Board of Health, that man
should not be ridiculed when he is trying to do
what the charter prescribes.
The policy of the present *board is to do away
with committee rule at the City and County
Hospital. J We have established new rules and
regulations, for the government of the hospital
patients and employes. The new regulations
have been taken from the best hospitals in
Chicago and New York.
The Board of Health cannot give you a new
hospital at once, but we can Rive you a cleaner
and more sanitary one than you now have.
The condition of cleanliness shall extend as
Tar us possible In an old building-, and shall
extern! to every department In the building.
SPEAKERS AT THE SECOND DAY'S
SESSION OF STATE CONFERENCE
OF CHARITIES AND CORRECTIONS.
We have formerly had no reception room at
the hospital. Of- late we have arranged to have
a room where patients applying for admission
can be examined without the publicity exist
ing before.
SEGREGATING CONSUMPTIVES.
Tubercular patients are now scattered
throughout the hospital. We are arranging: to
put them outside in another building, that they
may be given the benefit of the latest and
most successful methods of treating the dread
disease. Thi» will be better for the consump
tive and better for the other patients.
The new Health Board has decided to run
the hospital for the good of the city. Certainly
the board has no ulterior motive. The staff
of nurses was formerly totally Inadequate, but
it has , been increased so that now we have
' two nurses to each ward during the day and
one in each at night. The force haa been in
creased to sixty, giving us latitude for sick
ness among nurses and allowing for nurses to
attend the operations.
The visiting physicians are allowed to prac
tically govern the hospital. There are flve
staffs, and each staff Is allowed to appoint a
director. Each of the directors is appointed
from the physicians of the hospital. The di
rectors meet once a month and discuss the
welfare of the hospital and make suggestions
to the Board of Health, so that the public can
now read-- the government of the Institution.
Tho attitude of the board toward the attaches
of the hocpital is as broad as it can be made.
Dr. Kerr said:
In the surgical department of the City and
County Hospital the patients were compelled
to' depend on the convalescent patients and
medical students for assistance. The nursing
was equally bad. Medicines were not properly
attended to or administered. nor regularly
given. With the advent of the new nurses,
things have been changed. We now have a
cleaner, better •service. We have not now
nearly enough nurses. Some of them are com
pelled to do a thirty-six or forty-hour, watch.
The nursing staff is not adequate for the work.
EXPENSES NOW GREATER.
.The medical requirements are not adequate.
The expenses to-day are greater than they
were rive years ago. Surgery has advanced so
that where an appendicitis patient was al
lowed to die, he is now operated on and suc
cessfully cured. Diphtheria is now treated with
anti-toxins, so that the disease has been robbed
of its danger. The anti-toxin is expensive and,
if we are going to practice modern surgery, we
must have funds.
The bacteriological laboratories in use at the
hospital are not run at the expense of the city,
the hospital are run at the expense of the city.
The niedlcal colleges installed them for the
benefit of their students and have maintained
them ever since. The colleges are doing a
great deal for the city In this respect..
The present building Is totally inadequate
for ths number of patients confined In it.
"Wards are overtaxed. Wards built for twenty
five patients are compelled to house forty. Then
some one makes a howl that! a patient has been
refused aJmission to the hospital. The forty
beds In one ward are given but 850 cubic feet
of air. It should not be less than 1500 cubic
feet, and I do not know of any modern building
that does not tlve to each forty beds from
1800 to 2000 cubic feet.
The site of the hospital is the best that can
be obtained. A city and county hospital should
be centrally located to be of the greatest good.
There Is a feeling that the management should
be entirely divorced from politics (applause).
Two of the trustees should be of the staff of
visiting physicians and be elected by members
of the Ftaff. The trouble with the City and
County Hospital Is that its management, has
been left too much to an executive head, who
knows nothing of the wants or needs of the
patient. The management should be given to
the men who associate daily with the patients
and are In a position to know their wants.
SHARP CONTRAST MADE.
Dr. Clark of Alameda read a paper
on the improvements made in the
Public Hospital of Alameda County.
A vivid contrast with the condition of
the Public Hospital of this city, was
shown.
Charles A. Murdock, representing the
Merchants' Association, gave a brief
talk, comparing the San Francisco
hospital with those of other cities. He
said:
A man from the East, unprejudiced. Investi
gated our hospital tr^ said It was the worst
institution of Its klnd~n the entire world. The
dangers from disease In Chinatown, In his
opinion, are not in it with those of the City
and County Hospital.
The city pours out money lavishly for the
securing of a convention of the Knights of
Pythias and for the building of a monument
to Dewey, who destroyed a bunch of tin ships
at Manila, but when It comes ' to- caring for
our sick, what have we done? . " ■ %:
In the beet hospital In the United States
the average cos|, per patient per day is $1 96.
In San Francisco the amount provided is but
•:-s cents. Hospitals in the East 'have one
nurse to every three patients, . while In San
Francisco we have . but one to. every ten pa
tients. We have no detention ward j for pa
tients with infectious diseases. In other cit
ies the amount spent for raw food per day
per rtatlent Is 30 cents: in thie city It Is
but 1" cenu. These are the things we have
to think "of most.
John Chetwood made an address on
the legal aspect of the "Hospital Site
Question." He said:
Some time prior to last fall's bond election
the Board of Supervisors passed an ordinance
■electing the Almshouse Tract'aa the site of
the new city and County Hospital. Just be
fore the election Information as to the Im
provements to be voted for, their cost. | char
acter, etc., . was published in the j press, I and
In contemDtatlon of .law all voters were ap
prised of the facts and figures thus, published.'
This publication did not, however, directly
designate the Almshouse Tract as the hospital
site, but only referred by number and title
to the resblution by which it had been se
lected. The charter does not require the Su
pervisors to select a «ite In advance or to
supply information to the voters on this point.
Under the circumstances, and the authorities,
it does not seem clear whether the board is
or is not bound to adhere to the site selected.
And If public welfare requires a change a
proper application can be made to the board
to make one. If the board accedes to the de
mand for a change, an appropriate action on
its part looking' to one can be made the basis
of an injunction to test its power in the
But such injunction proceeding should not
be allowed to embarrass, impede or affect the
suit to test the validity of the entire bond
Issue, which has Just been brought In the
Superior Court, and on which it Is most Im
portant to have a ruling as s«oon as possible.
TREATMENT OF INSANE.
F. W. Hatch, M. D., General Super
intendent of State Hospitals, read an
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PSORIASIS
AND ECZEMA
■
Milk Crust, Scalled Head,
Tetter, Ringworm
and Pimples
COMPLETE TREATMENT, $1.00
For Torturing, Disfiguring Humours,
From Pimples to Scrofula,
From Infancy to Agei
The agonizing itching and burning
of the skin, as in eczema ; the frightful
scaling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of hair
and crusting of the scalp, a»ln scalled
head ; ' the facial disfigurement,, as in
pimples and ringworm j the awful suf-
fering of infants, and anxiety of worn-
out parents, as in milk crust, tetter and
salt. rheum — all demand a remedy of
almost I superhuman rirtnes to saQcess* ■
fully cope with them. That Cuticura
Soap, Ointment and Pills are such
stands proven beyond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
is not' justified by the strongest evi-
dence..' The purity and sweetness, the
power to afford Immediate relief, the
certainty of speedy and permanent
cure, the absolute safety and great
economy have made them the standard
skin cores and humour remedies of the
civilized worid.
Complete treatment for every humour,
consisting of Cuticura Soap to cleanse
the skin, Cuticura Ointment to heal the
skin, and Cuticura Resolvent Pills to
cool and cleanse the blood may now be
had for one dollar. A single set is often
sufficient to cure the 'most torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning and scaty
humours, eczemas, - rashes and irrita-
tions, from infancy to age, when all
else fails. .:. ",
S«M throughout tfc« warlrt . Cattevn Rmolrnt. .We. (1*
ton of Choeolit* Co»r«l FI1U, 2Se. per tI«1 of 60), Oint-
•aeat. SOe.. Sosp, 33c 'Depot* < London. 27 Chtrterhoutt
iq ; Pmrii, I Ru« <?« U Piixi Buton, 1S7 Colombia At*.
' fatter Vra% * Chrm. Corp., Sol* Proprietor!.
rnrSani fox " Mow to Cui« JtTerj iiamoor."
LOVE AND RUM
CAUSE MURDER
Barkeeper Evans Is Suffocated
and His Consort Half Dead
After a Drunken Quarrel
ROOM IS FILLED WITH GAS
Woman Mad With Liquor and
Jealousy Is Believed to Have
Turned On the Deadly Fluid
Love, jealousy and intemperance in
judiciously mingled caused a murder
and an attempted suicide last Sunday
night in the lodging-house at 624 Kear
ny street. As the result of a slighted
woman's rage William Henry Evans
lies, on a slab in the Morgue and Annie
Newton, a dive waitress, is in the hos
pital being treated for carbon monoxide
poisoning.
Evans was 25 years old and was em
ployed as a bartender at 911 Kearny
street. He and the woman had been
consorting together for several months.
On Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock they
arrived at their lodgings drunk and
quarrelsome. One of the Inmates -named
Florence Bell informed Deputy Coroner
Charles Meehan that Evans threw the
Newton woman out "of the room and
threatened to have nothing further to
do with her. After the woman had
pleaded for a while he relented and al
lowed her to re-enter. It was then that
she declared that if Evans should at
tempt to cast her off she would commit
suicide or turn on the gas on both of
them.
F. A. Emerson, a friend of Evans,
called at midnight, and receiving no re
sponse to his knocks notified Landlord
Siersted and suggested that he should
force an entrance, but the landlord
said that they were in a drunken sleep
and he did not wish them to be dis-
turbed.
Emerson called again at 8:30 o'clock
yesterday morning and knocked again
at »the door of the room occupied by
Evans *and the Newton woman. Not
obtaining a reply and detecting the
odor of illuminating gas, Emerson
forced the door leading from the ad
joining room to Evans' and found
Evans lying dead across the bed, fully
dressed except his shoes. The woman
was in her nightgown, unconscious. The
keyhole was plugged with the end of a
towel. Two burners feeding a gas cook
ing stove were open. The woman was
taken to the Harbor Hospital for medi
cal treatment and the body of the man
sent to the Morgue. The hospital sur
geon says the woman will die.
interesting paper on "Modern Methods
in the Care anS Treatment of Insane."
Dr. Hatch said in part:
The best way to treat insane people is to
care for their morals. .We should have a hos
pital for the keeping and treating of the
slightly affected insane, so that they might
be kept from the asylums. There are many
cases of alcoholic ipsanity that would never
BO farther than this hospital. If there was
such a hospital these cases micht be easily
studied and better treated. If the cases are
incurable or acute, then the subjects can be
assigned to an asylum.
The hospital should be equipped with build
ings for the holding of subjects for observa
tion. Many cases of insanity, if quickly
treated, can be readily cured.
There should be wards where the conval
escents can be placed. The Insane not con
sidered hopeless cases should be provided
with work. A colony might be established,
where they could be put to work and get
plenty of exercise. I think that the State
should do away with the legal process in com
mitting subjects to the asylums; do away
with any semblance of criminality or courts
In the committing of weak-minded people.
Discussion of Dr. Hatch's paper wa3
opened by Dr. A. W. Hoisholt of the
Stockton State Hospital. He said:
The State hospitals of California are up with
any in the world, as far as housing and feed
ing are concerned. But in the treatment, the
insane do not fare as well as they, do in some
of the European countries, such as Germany.
Our hospitals are not equipped for treatment
of the subjects. Xhe person committed for
weak-mindedness Is as much a sick patient and
deserves treatment as much as any sick per
son. We need • more means for treating the
insane. Merely housing and feeding them does
nothing toward their recovery.
I should advise a State institution where the
insane in cases not pronounced incurable might
be treated. It should be located near the Bay
of San Fjanclsco.
DRINK AS A CAUSE.
We have three prime causes; of insanity, I
which help to fill our asylums. Much of the j
correction of these causes can be done by char
itable institutions and cannot be done at the
asylums, " where it is too late. I refer mainly
to alcoholism. In a certain part of Germany j
,1 visited an asylum where 90 per cent of the !
inmates were victims cf drink. In others the I
percentage was 43 per cent. Another cause of I
insanity is that dread disease syphilis. Twen
ty-five per cent of all the cases I know of
have resulted from this terrible disease. The !
last cause is intermarriage of persons afflicted j
with some disease, causing the offspring to be
affected by heredity. Tne task of correcting |
these enumerated causes is Utopian, I know, but j
much can be done by a body like this which
undertakes the work in the right way.
' W. A. Gates, secretary of the State
Board of Charities and Corrections,
also spoke on the subject introduced
by Dr. Hatch. He said:
We should get over the idea that when a
person shows signs of mental derangement or
brain disease he must be dragged into court
by, the Sheriff. They say that it Is the law
that no man shall be deprived of his liberty
without due process of law. -A person found I
to have contracted smallpox is, not given a
trial, but' is hustled out to the pesthouse.
NEEDS OF STATE HOME.
There is too much tendency to fix a stigma
on a person who is weak minded. The only
way to get at the seat of the trouble is to re
move everything that Eavors of courts and
criminality.
"The Needs of the State Home for
Feeble-minded Children" was the sub
ject of a paper read by Dr. William
J. G. Dawson, Medical Superintendent
of the Home for the Feeble-minded at
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County. Dr. Daw
son told of the needs of the home in
the way of finances and new buildings.
He said that the institution was totally
inadequate for the number of persons
in it. A waiting list has to be main
tained, he says, so that the. place does
not become overcrowded. Many fami
lies have been waiting for three or
four years to get some one in the
home.
At the night session Andrew M. Da
vis, president of the .Charities Indorse
ment Committee of San Francisco,*
read. a paper on "The Charities In
dorsement Committee and . Its Aims."
Davis told of the work of the investi
gating committee in the matter of reg
ulating the donations tc charitable in
situtions.
".What the Associated Charities
Stand For" was the subject of a talk
given by Dr. Samuel G. Smith of St.
Paul. The discussion of the subject
was introduced by Osyood Putnam,
president of the. Associated Charities
of San .Francisco. : ...
The last session of the conference
begins this morning at the First Uni
tarjan Church. An excellent pro
gramme has been ; prepared and some
fine papers will be rea«*
Brown's
The men's coats this
spring will be very smart /^; ../ LAPEL
Deep concave shoulders—
giving the wearer a broad
and distinguished air. %^ ,
Fits snug around the collar.
Elongated, lapel— gives the shirt
and cravat a chance. %
Of course you know Brown's for
values.
MILL TO MAN. V
PASTOR LAUDS
THE JAPANESE
Dr. M. C. Harris Says That Rus
sia's Plots Have Been in Prog;
ress More Than Thirty Years
"War in the Far East" was one of the
subjects discussed at the Congrega
tional Ministers' Association meeting
yesterday. The Rev. William Rader,
president, was in the chair, and the
Rev. Dr. M. C. Harris, whose knowl
edge of the peoples and geography of
the East is extensive, delivered the ad
dress. Dr. Harris in speaking to his
brother ministers of the outbreak of
hostilities between Japan and Russia
made an impassioned speech, and at
the close of his remarks a great volley
of applause showed conclusively upon
which side the sympathy leaned.
Dr. Harris in championing the course
Japan has taken said that if a nation
ever went to war in a holy cause Japap
is doing that now. He spoke from the
standpoint of personal experience and
observation, which led him to advofcate
it as a righteous war.
For more than thirty years, said
Dr. Harris, Russia had plotted
against Japan, which, though patient
for a length of time, had grown worn
out. and failing to effect any satisfac
tory relations had gone at last to war.
j Dr. Harris said that he not only
I deemed it a righteous war. but, more
| over, he advocated that the so-called
I "bogie yellow peril" should receive no
j serious consideration, for the war was
! being prosecuted to preserve the na
' tional integrity of Japan, and not
J through any desire to array the East
I against Europe.
| WOULD FIGHT THE RUSSIANS.
! In view of the provocation to Japan.
j Dr. Harris declared that he himself
would like to shoulder the gun against
The address was not down on the
programme, and while it came in the
nature of a surprise the remarks of Dr.
Harris elicited loud and long-continued
applause.
An able paper entitled "Rise of Cove
nant Theology" was read before the as-
I sociation by Dean Hiram Van Kirk, in
' which he traced the origin of a system
i which began in the Netherlands in the
'seventeenth century with Coccejus.
Dean Van Kirk showed the influence
of the system on modern thought.
Bishop Hamilton left the city last
night for the. East to attend his spring
conferences of the Methodist Episcopal
church. The Bishop will hold a confer
ence at Topeka, Kans., March 10; Bald
win! Kans.. March 16; Wichita, Kans..
March 24; Salina, Kans., March 31, and
■will return to San Francisco April 10.
Bishop Hamilton will then begin
preparations for the semi-annual gath
ering of the Bishops in April, which
will mark their first meeting in con
ference in San Francisco-
Prelates of the Methodist Episcopal,
church from all parts of the world
will arrive to take part in the delib
erations.
"Is Suicide a Sin?" will be the sub
ject of a sermon by Rev. WlJliam
Rader at the Third Congregational
Church, Fifteenth and Mission streets,
next Sunday night. Rev. Mr. Rader
Intends to procure statistics from Coro
ner Leland relative to the number and
causes of suicide.
Rev. W. B. Berry, editor of the Pa
cific Christian and a member of tha
Christian Church Ministers' Associa
tion, suggested that inasmuch as the
birthdays of Lincoln and Washington
come so near together and as America
has produced so many illustrious men
a day be set apart to be designated
"great men's day," allowing each com
munity to divide the honors according
to local sentiment.
Rev. ( Mr. Berry adds to the sugges
tion that as Washington is first in the
history of his country and first In the
hearts of the people his birthday be
appointed for the observance of "great I
men's day" throughout the land.
A PASTOR'S SOUVENIR.
A souvenir showing the Mariners' j
Church pulpit, which is modeled afte r
the stern of the clipper ship Youns
America, together with a portrait of
Rev. : Joseph Rowell, • who has been
pastor of -the Mariners' Church for
forty-five years, was received by the
Congregational Ministers' Association"
yesterday. •
The fifteenth meeting of the San
Francisco Association of Conjcrega
tional Churches and Ministers will be
held at Park Congregational Church
Thursday. March 10.
It was announced yesterday that the
second "fifth-Monday" meeting of the
ministers of San Frarcisco will be held!
in the Y. M. C. A. auditorium Monday,
February 2'J, beginning at 11 in the
morning.
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie will de
liver an address on "India" to-morrow
nirjht at 8 o'clock at the First Presby
terian Church.
Benjamin Wheeler Ward, the evan
gelist, from Boston, will preach to
night at Howard Street Hall. S24 How- 1
&rcl street, between Fourth and Fifth.
Dies I>urins an Earthquake.
Clinton J. Scecchippano, three
weeks old. died alongside his mother
immediately after the earthquake
shock yesterday morning. The family
lives at 2121 Geary street. Mrs. Scec
ohippano says that at about 2 o'clock
in the morniner she nursed the infant
and laid it on the pillow beside her.
Soon afterward there was a shock
of earthquake and the mother saw
that the baby was gasping for breath.
She took It in her arms and it ex
pired immediately. She believes that
the earthquake frightened the Infant
to death.
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price or this
Trunk is $9.50. A. ti. Smith Co.. in
Ellis st. - •
Private French Drowned.
Private French of Company K.
Thirteenth Regiment, United States
Infantry, stationed at Angel Island,
was drowned off Washington-street
wharf at 2:10 o'clock yesterday morn-^
ing. The body was grappled for and- 1
recovered two hours and a half later.
French had been drinking around
town with Private James Chenowith
of the same company and they went
on board the ferry-boat Grace Barton
to be taken to Angel Island. French
became sick at the stomach after go
ing on board and fell over the rail.
Advertising mailing cards printed by EJw.
S. Knowlfs, "I Secomt street. •
Lincoln's Leap Year Party.
Wednesday evening next Iancoln
Circle of the Companions of the For
est, Ancient Order of Foresters, will
give a leap year party in Golden Gate
Hall for the pleasure of its members
and their friends. Stella Beardsley
will be the floor manager and Tenni
Fitzmaurice her assistant. Leap year
rules will prevail, and, as a strong
force of fair police has been appointed,
there will be considerable sport if the
gentlemen that attend violate the
rules. , ■ .
Trachoma is Granulated Eyelids.
Murine Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles, makes weak eyes strong.
A 'favorite in the home. . •
Does Not Get the Draft.
Florentine Nogato, 740 Vallejo
street, reported to the police yester
day that he gave Camllle Rodriguez,
a friend, $120 on Saturday to get a
bank draft for the amount and that
was the last Nogato had seen or heard
of Rodriguez. Rodriguez is a Mexican.
23 years of age and of stout build. Xo
gato thinks he has left the city. ?4i
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast is bo1<J
everywhere. * i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I . . I
!jL* Candies £&
Iff Chocolates W
L Bonbons Jj
Given Away Free 1^
With I
* Teas, Coffees, Spices
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to
I Trade at
§ Great American Importing Tea Go's
B S61 Market 210 Grant srr. 1«9 PoITt
*4 U0 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 Larkin
■ 473 Haisht 2C06 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
9 3235 Mission 521 Monts'y are. 52 Mark et
3 2003 Fillmore 2316 Mission 146 Ninth t
B » Third 2732 »4th 469 Foarth L
BHBflBllBBflBflBSGKnHHr j