Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hoars ending 1
mldnUrht, February 4:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Probably rain Thursday, warm
er; fresh southeast winds In
creasing;. A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 66.
BOLTON, DE RUYTER & CO., COMMISSION BROKERS,
CALL CREDITORS MEETING AND WILL SUSPEND
MUCH ORE
SHOWS BED
OF RADIUM
Utah Cattleman Dis
covers a Precious
.- . Deposit.
Analysis Said to Have
Proven Immense Value
oi ttie Ledge.
Work of Miners -Begins in Emery
County After Investigation of
Mineral-Bearing Rock.
Ep«eia.l Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Feb. 3.— Oscar
Beebe, a cattle rancher of Emery Coun
ty, in this State, is the discoverer of
an immense body of radium bearing
ore. The rock is located on the Beebe
ranch, forty-five miles north of Emery.
There is raid to be a ridge of this
ore 2000 feet Jong; by 50 yards wide.
Th»^ pitchblende ore is very dark, in
crusted With* a greenish yellow sub-
KtjLBce, which contains the radium and
uranium in high percentage. The car*
rotite is a canary yellow rock and
quite pretty. Professor Hilderbrand's
analysis shows that this contains 52
per eer.t of the uranium and 18 per cent
of vanadium.
For thirteen years Beebe has known
c-f the existence of this ore, but did
t.o* J'iT-'Tr |»i value. Other people have
kj r,;-. 4 -)^ Jedp* several. tirr««»s for cop
:'. - c!y to forfeit their claims by fail
5*25 l0 <* ev cioD. •
"When descriptions of the radium ore
were published some time ago Beebe
took samples of the rock and sent them
to Denver and the West for analysis.
The returns showed them to be rich in
radium and other minerals. Then Bee
be interested Ira R. Browning and Sey
more'Olsen in the enterprise and prep
arations were begun to develop the
property.
NEW YORK'S
ARCHBISHOP
IS HONORED
Pope Is Said to Have
Offered Cardi
nal's Hat.
6x>ecial Dirpatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Feb. 3.— Archbishop
Farley has been offered tho red hat
of a Cardinal and his visit to Rome is
for the purpose of discussing the mat
ter with the Pope.
This report, whlch.has been confined
strictly tn religious circles, leaked out
to-day and accvunts for the unusual
interest taken by the Catholic clergy
In Archbishop Farley's trip to Rome.
The Archbishop carries a letter from
the American Archbishops to the heads
of the church in Rome-. One small
part of this, it was hinted to-day, is a
mild protest from the American Cath
oliCB against the recent tdict pf the
Vatican against the presence of female
voices ljj church choirs. It is gener
ally felt that a strict enforcement of
the edict would c*-ork a great hardship
here.
The Archbishop carries with him to
Rom* a larger offering of Peters pence,
it is said, than any the Vatican has
previously had from this archdiocese.
JsTOniv OF A DROWXTXG
IS DOUBTED BY MANY
JIr*jd<*«ts <tt Reddlns Believe That
Supposed Victims Ijcft Country to
Defraud Thrfr Creditors.
REDDING, Feb. 3.— The d.ead body
of an unknown man was found in the
Sacramento River two miles north of
riedding this afternoon and the con
clusion was quickly Jumped at that the
remains wore those of one of the four
men who, it was reported, accidentally
drove into the river three miles north
of Redding on the night of December
S last. People who knew all of the
four men examined the body at the
Morgue, but were unable to identify
it. As none of the four' bodies have
beon recovered, some people hold to
the theory that the missing men were
not drowned, but left the country to
escape paying their bills, all four be
ing In debt.
Admiral Schley Is IIL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3. — Admiral
Schley is confined to his home by an
attack of grip, but expects to be out
In a few days-
TEE WEATHER.
CONDITION
OF HANNA
PRECARIOUS
Senator Has Setback
but Family Still
Is Hopeful.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.— Senator M.
A. Hanna had a setback late this aft
ernoon, which for a time considerably
alarmed his family, who had been en
couraged to hope he was getting to be
hfmself again, but the congestive at
tack which they feared was averted to
some extent by prompt action, and to
night the Senator, while not sa well as
early in the day, showed excellent ral
lying power and improvement over his
condition at sundown.
The setback came in the form of an
attack that resembled sick spells that
have seized the Senator on two or three
occasions in the past few years. . He
was .taken about 5:30 this afternoon
with a congestive chill, which has been
marked heretofore by a rush of blood
to the head and coldness of the i ex
tremities. Members of the family were
on hand at its first outbreak, and by
the prompt application of mustard
plasters and hot water the attack was
prevented from becoming so serious as
it was feared it might become, and later
in the evening it was stated that the
Senator's condition was again almost
at his normal staje of the past 'few
weeks.
Dr. Rixey, the attending physician,
called in Dr. Magruder, and when they
left Mr. Hanna's home at 9 o'clock the
Senator was sleeping soundly and the
physicians said they did not expect
to return again until 8 o'clock to-mor
row morning. When th'ey left the Sen
ator's pulse was 86, his normal pulse
being 72 and the temperature 100, or
1-10 above the normal. The doctors
said th<^ thought his temperature
would l>*JnDrmal again in the morning.
A thorough examination was made of
Mr. Hanna's heart, lungs and kidneys,
and they were found to be all right.
Dr. Rixey to-night said:
"Senator Hanna's condition is not"
alarming and I hope he will be out in
a week or ten days. His illness is due
to physical and nervous exhaustion,
caused by attacks of grip and over
work." o
At the request of Mrs. Hanna, Dr.
Brewer, the New' York physician who
has attended the Senator and members
of his family at intermittent periods
for the past twenty-five years, has been
asked to come to Washington for con
sultation with the other physicians. He
is expected to arrive here early to
morrow morning.
Elmer S. Glover, the Senator's pri
vate secretary, postponed his trip to
Chicago, which he intended to make to
night, to attend the meeting of the
sub-committee of the National Com
mittee, to make arrangements for the
National Convention. Mr. Glover hopes
to start to-morrow with Senator Scott
MAX FOUXD DEAD v -
IX LOCOMOTIVE CAB
Book in Pocket Contains the Name of
Walter S. Holtie, 122 West Ells
worth Street, Denver.
HAMILTON, Ohio, Feb. 3. — A well
dressed man, in whose pockets was
found a book containing the name of
Walter S. Holtle, 122 West Ellsworth
street, Denver, was found dead in the
cab of an engine at the Cincinnati,
Hamilton and Dayton Railroad round
house to-night. An empty carbolic
acid bottle was found beside him.
When the man was first seen at the
roundhouse a short time before he- was
discovered dead , by one of the em
ployes he said he had the toothache
end was sick. '-■-.■
The San Francisco Call.
SLAUGHTER
IN STREETS
OF HAYTI
GermanAdmiralCalls
a Halt on tlie
: . uOlulGry.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Mail advices
from authentic sources which reached
several persons in '..Washington to-day
indicate that a terrifying state of af
fairs has existed recently in Haytl. One
letter from Port au Prince gives the fol
lowing account of happenings at that
place:
"Affairs here are in a state of wild
and dreadful disorder. While the Presi
dent, General Nord, was in Gonaives.-a
city In the northern part of the repub
lic, a conspiracy was discovered to in
augurate a revolution, not so' much
against General Nord himself as for the
purpose of getting control of this city
and forcing the President to agree to
certain measures respecting the libera
tion and pardoning of a number of
Haytiens implicated In the bank scan
dal. When the time arrived to carry
the plot into execution many withdrew
therefrom. One of the number, General
Maximo Nomplaizer, was, however, de-'
termined to carry it through.
"Learning of the conspiracy, the mili
tary governor of the city, with a num
ber of soldiers, broke into the house
where Nomplaizer and a few pf his
friends were gathered. Orders were
given to shoot all those within on the
spot. Those who were killed were Nom
plaizer, his son, one or two other per
sons and a servant. The. owner of the
house escaped by jumping. from a sec
ond story window, and in so : ' doing
broke his leg, but managed to crawl to
the house of a German, who gave: him
shelter. - The military authorities ar
rested arid Imprisoned his wife...
"Hearing this the man informed the
authorities that if they would release
his wife he would "return to his house.
He kept his word, returning to the
house, where the authorities found him
in bed after a physician' had set his leg.
Without any, ceremony they killed him
as he lay there by firing thirteen bullets
Into his.hody.
"The foreign residents then became
alarmed, and the German admiral In
formed iihR. authorities if their action
did not . cease he ' would t land marines
and take posession of ■. the , city. . This
stopped ; further - proceedings.'
SAN FRANCISCO; THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4; 1904.
SUSPENSION of the well-known firm of Bolton, De Huyter fr Co., gen*
** eral commission brokers, was practically announced yesterday after*
noon when notice was sent out for a meeting of the creditors at 49O Cat'
ifornia street to*day. The firm was about emerging from the stress of
losses incident to the failure of Sharp & Bryan of New-York, when it
was discovered that one of the clerks had, without the knowledge or con*
sent of Bolton, T>e Tiuyter Sp Co., extended unusual credits to local cus*
tomersi Itis conjectured that the amount involved in the failure will
approximate $250,000.
jfmoufit Involved in Failure Is Said to Be
$250,000 and Subordinate Is Blamed.
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co., gen
eral commission: brokers in grain,
CUSTOMARY SCENE IN THE STOCK EXCHANGE AND PRINCIPAL ACTORS IN THE FAILURE OF A PROM
• INENT LOCAL BROKERAGE FIRM, OFFICIAL ANNOUNCEMENT OF WHICH WILL BE MADE TO-DAY
AT A MEETING OF CREDITORS. ,. . . "■ ~".i ;: " . \' -
provisions, ■ stocks and bonds,
Hayward building, 490 Califor
nia street," yesterday afternoon
sent out notice'calling for a meet
ing of creditors to-day. The sus
pension of the firnvwhich is quite
prominent, is practically an
nounced. There is as yet only
conjecture as to the amount in
volved in the failure, but there is
an impression that the sum will
approximate $250,000. The losses
will fall" chiefly on local custom
ers^ It was surmised last evening
that some of the banks would be
heavy losers, but inquiry elicits
the statement that no bank is
concerned ; to . any considerable
extent. Some- years ago the
Crocker - Woolworth National
Bank was very close to the house"
of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co., but
the connection during » r,ecent
months has not been close
enough to create comment. ;
Last eveningjohn E. de Ruy
ter courteously; declined ; to speak
of the; firm's embarrassment or to
foreshadow, /announcements.; He
referred The Call toV.Thjpimas CC.
Van Ness, attorney ;i 'Later ton Mr.
Van Ness was seen , at -his resi
dence and asked ? if * the;, report f of
the firm's suspension was found
ed on a fact, and. he replied that
a meeting of creditors had been
called.
BEGINNING OF TROUBLE.
"The embarrassment of Bol
ton, De Ruyter & Co. began,"
said Mrs' Van, Ness, "when the
failure of Sharp & Bryan of New
York occurred. That failure hap
pened last- September and bore
heavily on Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co., .who were: correspondents in
California. That was the begin
ning of the trouble in San Fran
cisco, yet it was not the immedi
ate cause of the decision to call. a
meeting of creditors. The stress
caused by the New York disas
ter was really overcome-by the
San Francisco correspondents,
but the members of the local firm
exhausted their resources hv or
der t< meet unexpected losses
and protect their creditors. Let
me explain that causes, other
than the failure of Sharp & Bryan
contributed to the embarrass
ment of Bolton, De Ruyter , & Co.
TJay. before yesterday the knowl
edge I suddenly came to the firm
that a clerk or a subordinate con
nected with the firm had, with
out; the ; consent or authority of
the house, extended large credits
to^ local; customers,; and it was
disclosed by- investigation that se
rious losses would* surely ■ be i the
result of this unauthorized ; ac-.
commodation."
/ Mr. Van Ness was asked if- the
amount involved in . the' failure
would .reach $200,000 or $300,
000. In : reply he remarked that
'definite 'information on that point
TEE THEATXSS.
Alcazar— Jl A Colonial OlrL»»r ;
CaHTomia— "The Eternal City."
Central— "East lynne."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Chines* Honey
moon."
Fischer's — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand— "Lost Biver." -
Orsheum— Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Conies
Home."
was not at present attainable,
saying:
WILL EXPLAIN TO-DAY.
"All the transactions will *be
explained, to the creditors to-day.
I cannot say how many creditors
there are, but the number. is quite
large. The losses will fall chiefly
on individuals residing in the
city. In truth, the firm could harve
gone ahead with the brokerage
business, as there is no shrinkage
in the value of securities, but
when I saw the real condition of
affairs and. estimated the looses
arising from the acts of a subur
dinate I advised a suspension of
proceedings until the creditors
could. .be consulted." <'\^
"You ' ask the' question," re
marked Mr. Van Ness, "if any" of
the local banks will be subjected
to heavy loss., In my "judgment
the suspension of Bolton, De
Ruyter & Co. will not entail
serious loss to any bank in San
Francisco. There is no reason
why any other firm should fail.
True, a feeling of distrust or lack
of confidence may develop inhe
rent weakness in other firms.
Robert C. Bolton, the senior
member of the firm, very. nearly
exhausted his resources in meet
ing the losses . incident to the
New York failure. It should be
understood that the embarrass
ment of the house is not due to
speculative , "enterprises, as the
firm did a commission business,
handling investments in grain,
stock and -provisions for cusfom
ers.v I . cannot give you the name
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
STOP STAGE
AND MURDER
PASSENGERS
Yap Rebels Attack
Coach on Moun
. tain Road.
Kill tlie Driver and Five
Travelers and Carry
OH Express.
Garrison Officers at Ortez Send De
tachment of Mexican Troops in
Pursuit of Savages.
Special Dispatch toThe CilL
GUATMAS, Mexico. Feb. 3. — Pas
sengers arriving this morning from
Ortiz, on the Sonora Railroad, brought
the first news of a terrible crime com
mitted by Yaqui Indians. The stage
which runs between Ortiz and Las
Cruces was held up by the savages
and all on board, numbering six per
sona, were killed, among them Salva
dor Flores and his nephew, Francisco
Flores.
The Flores belong to families prom
inent ip Sonora. They were en route
to the Guadaloupe mine near Las Cru
ces, as were also three Mexican min
ers traveling on the same stage. As
the coach was rolling over a moun
tainous section o^f the ,road. the Yaqui
rebels appeared *f rota <2zLin<l a. anvall
butte. There were fifteen in the par
ty, according to the recollection of
Francisco Flores, who did not expire
until after he was picked up by a
party of vaqueros, who were traveling
in the opposite direction. The In
dians opened fire on the driver with
out even calling on him to throw up
his hands, and he was dead on his
box before he could reach for his gun.
All three miners were armed and re
turned the flrt, which only incited the
Yaquis to further murder. The elder
Flores begged the miners not to re
turn the fire, believing the^ Taquis
might spare them if they did not re
sist. They realized that resistance
was useless, as t*e Indians far out
numbered them. ' The Indians soon
mowed down their victims and all but
the younger Flores were instantly
killed. He wjis left for dead, but Sur
vived long enough after being found
to tell the story of the terrible affair.
The Indians carried off the express
which was on the stage and exchansj*?d
their worn out horses for those draw
ing the stage. When the crime was
discovered the officers in charge of
the garrison at Ortiz v/ere notified and
a detachment of mounted troop3
started in pursuit of the Indians. The
attack has occasioned great alarm
among the mining camps in the vicin
ity of Las Cruces and travelers are not
venturing on the roads without escort3
unless several are traveling together
and all are well armed.
KAISER'S VOICE
IN PHONOGRAPH
Record to Be Kept at Harvard
University, National Museum
and Congressional Library
BERLIN, Feb. 3.— A phonographic
record of Emperor "William's voice on
metal matrices will be the first de
posits made In the phonetic archives
that are to be kept at Harvard Uni
versity and in the Congressional Li
brary and the" National Museum at
Washington. The Emperor, upon the
application of E»r. Edward W. Scrip
ture, the psychologist of Yale Univer
sity, through the United States Em
bassador here, has given two examples
of his voice for ■permanent preserva
tion. Dr. Scripture, describing the
meaning of his request, said:
"The phonetic archives are -to Include
records from such persons as will pre
sumably have permanent historical in
terest for America. The Importance of
the undertaking can be estimated by
considering what would have been the
present value of voice records of De
mosthenes, Shakespeare or Emperor
William the Great. An advisory com
mittee of eminent Americans has pre
pared a list of ten living Americans of
the first historical Interest, whose
voices will be preserved. I wish to
record his Majesty's voice as the first
European record deposited in the ar
chives."
The Emperor received Dr. Scripture
after the morning church service on
Sunday. During the making "of the
record the Emperor was alone with the
phonograph. He spoke twice 'into the
apparatus. The first cylinder, made
especially for the Harvard University,
contained observations on Frederick
the Great. The other was a short dis
quisition on "Fortitude in Pain." The
Emperor's manner was kind . and he
showed interest In the matter. * These
archives of voices are said to be the
first instituted for historical purposes.2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE OLOESS" MAN
tGeo. W. Hanly, 108 Years of Age,
Is as Strong; and Vigorous as
Men Thirty Years Ycunger,
and Says That for a Long
Time His Only Medicine-
Has Been DUFFY'S
PURE MALT
A familiar figure of the Rockies the
"oldest living landmark, is G. W. Han-
lv. of Big Timber. Mont. One of the
original "*9crs." Mr. Hanly in later
vo?rs built up a large veterinary medi-
cine business. Though now in his 109th
year, h* is hale and hearty and able to
. r.u v«. '[jhi W alk about as sprjiy as many men half
1 ' lift »\ *// his aze. He states that he owes it all
I / \L £ 1/ to Dub's Pure Malt Whiskey. In a re-
\ I Y\, N\ £< c<?nt letter he says: *
\ l==r=--f \h iCv A "It has been my intention for some
2l>r'«v %r\1S time to write and compliment you on
* C^~-^ \ -^W> !*£/ the effects Duffy's Pure Mail Whiskey
\\ V \ If has had on my health. Last November
. 1 was 10S years old. and there are cer-
GrO. 'W. HAKIT, 108 Years Old. tainly not many men in the world «rho
sre as «■*!! preserved at so great an ape. Fof a long time your whiskey has been
the only thing 1 have usod us ii stimulant or a medicine. My appetite is \ery
fair. tMAriag and ey«lght as good as with men who are thirty years .Jpunger.
and nothing keeps me in better humor than my regular doses or Duffy s «nen
a cold or my bowels bother me. a little of your medicine is all that s needed aud
you may always count me among your grateful fnends. GkU. w. iiA^i^x.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
Is an BbTOlutely pure distillation of malt and is recognized by the Government
as a raedfciz*. This 5s a guarantee. It is a tonic-stimulant recommended by
pbj-«icias« of rvcry school; a boon to the weak and worn, t6 the weary ahd de-
pressed. It arrests the progress of physical decay; keeps the old young, makes
the weak strong. It strengthens the heart; relieves the aching head gKes to
the limbs tb*lr old-time vigor and clears the brain. It enriches the blood and
no-j^rt-hes the vital forres of the body. In this way it drives out disease and is a
promoter at health and longevity. If you wish to keep strong and well in old
Bxe if you wish to he free from disease now. take a tablespoontul or lJunTj s
Pure yit'lt Whiskey threo times a day in milk or water. -
DuSfv's is pr*5cribf»d by doctors everywhere for coughs, colds, grip, catarrh,
consumption bronchitis, pneumonia, pleurisy, asthma and all diseases of tho
throat ar.d iuegs; indigestion, dyspepsia and every form of stomach trouble;
n«rv«JKKness. malaria ar.d all low fevers.
CAITTIOIf. "When yen ask for Duffy's Pare Malt "Whiskey be sure you get
t v « Unscrupulous dealers, mindful of the excellence of this prepara-
tion —la try to Bell you cheap imitations and malt whisSey substitutes, which
are Kt ra the raerket Icr rrofit only, and which, far from relieving th« sick, are
o-iitively hanafnl. Deaand "Duffy's" and be suro you get it. It is the only
abscl-tcly pure Malt "Whiskey, which contains medicinal, health-giving 1 qualities.
Di^v's Pure Kalt Whiikey is sold in sealed bottle* only; never in flask or bulk.
j^ooi for "£e trademark, the "Old Chemist." on the label, and be certain the seal
over the cork is unbroken. Beware of refilled bottles. "Duffy's" contains no
fusel oil.
Sold hv all drug-Ri**.! 5 and grocers, or direct. $1.00 a bottle. Interesting medical
booklet postpaid to any address. Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, New York.
Bolton, De Ruyter &. Co.i Brokers, Will Suspend
Contimed From Page 1, Column 6.
of the wider clerlj who' extended
credits to local customers."
The firm of Bolton, De Ruyter
frCchas been for some time the
most prominent concern in its
line on 0 the Pacific Coast. Its
transactions have been very
larp^. All sorts 0 of .securities and
leading market products have
been dealt in on a scale involving
the annual handling of .many
millions of 4ollars c The firm oc
cupies i.ne offices in the Hay
ward building fcn the ground
floor, at the northeast corner of
California and ' Montgomery
streets, in the very heart of the
banking center of the city. The
offices r.re fitted up with -all the
necessary conveniences, appli
ances and comforts to facilitate
the dealiifg iti securities.
In addition to tlje usual array
of desk e and telephones there is
a huge blackboard on two sides
of the main office, on which daily
all the quotations received from
the leading money marts and
centers of trade and commerce of
the world have been bulletined/
Rows pi nice, soft cushioned
chairs have added to the ease of
wealthy customers who ° have
dropped in to watch the fluctua
tions of the financial barometer
and io take a few fliers.
Lately business has been very
lively. The big cotton deals and
the sensational climax caused
the winning and losing of large
sum? of money all oover the Pa
cific Coast and especially in San
Francisco, where money has been
especially plentiful and unusually
GltEEXBEUG & GREEXBERG.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
SPECIALS
— for —
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
COLLAR SETS,
60 dozen Collar and Cuff Sets,
containing all the latest desisns
and colors, including the new Per-
sian effects, values from 50c to
St. 25 a set.
25c 35c 50c 65c
LADIES' PETTICOAT^
ioo Taffeta Silk Petticoats.'
Superior quality, made? in all the
late de^igns. black and colors,
values $7.50 to $10.00.
85.00 $6.50 S7.50
INDIA SILK WAISTS.
100 Ladies' Superior In-
dia Silk Waists, made in all the
new smart effects for season 1004,
valnes ?ron to $10.00.
$3.50 $3.90 $4.80 $6.00
EMBROIDERIES.
5000 yards Embroidery, contain-
ing every imaginable pattern, in all
widths including a beautiful lot
of half and full flouncinsr. actual
values 20c to $i.2s; a yard.
10c 25c 48c
Country orders receive prompt
attention.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31. 33. 35 and 37 GRANT AYE.
' COR. GEARY ST.
at lack for home employment at
remunerative interest rates.
CLERKS WORK AT NIGHT.
At the top of the blackboard
are suggestively arranged two
heads, one bear, one bull — and
one full-grown eagle — but no
lamb. Under these, showing the
scope of the transactions, are
headings for the New York stock
quotations, Chicago grain and
provisions, New York cotton,
San Francisco grain market,
other grain markets, and room
for quotations of wheat, corn,
oats, pork, lard, ribs, etc. The
field of deals covers about every
large corporation that has shares
in the market.
All last night the windows of
the offices of Bolton, De Ruyter
& Co. blazed. Within the offices
a force of clerks toiled under the
electric lights. Bookkeepers were
busily 0 engaged in getting ac
counts posted and laying the
basis for a financial statement of
the firm to be exhibited at the
first meeting of creditors. Re
porters who secured admittance
were told by the manager of the
concern that no news would be
given out.
Even the fact, well-established
earlier in the day, that the firm
had virtually suspended, was a
topic oh which the manager and
the clerks were silent. Thev
would not admit nor would they
denv that failure had come.
CASH CAREFULLY COUNTED.
Until quite late the manager of the
house was absent £rbm the firm's
place of business, and he said that he
had been with Mr. Bolton. but a
search for the last named at the clubs
and at his home at the corner of Sac
ramento and Webster streets proved
to be unavailing. He could not be
found.
The banking section of the city is
practically deserted every evening af
ter 8 o'clock. The few pedestrians
who passed by the doors of Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. last night were as
tonished at the signs of activity with
in the brightly lighted offices. Even
this was denied by the astute men in
the offices to indicate anything out of
the usual. The contents of the safe
were taken out a short time'before
midnight and the cash was all care
fully counted and the amount was en
tered on the books. Even then ..the
manager said that it was common for
the people in the office to work late
at night whenever there was a lively
market. '/. j
No information could be gained at
the offices concerning the identity of
the creditors nor of the amounts that
are due. Probably it will be ..found
that there are many creditors owing
to the nature and extent of the busi
ness.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE . : w
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Wnshinjrton Departments Issue Naval
Orders and Appoint Postmasters In
California and Washington.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3. — Fourth
class postmasters appointed — Califor
nia — Henry H. Mclntyre, Prunedale,
Monterey County, vice Louis E. Louis,
resigned. Washington — Warren T.
Harper, Barlngr, King County, vice E.
W. Wlsge, resigmed; George Bracher,
Monohan, King County, vice John An
derson, resigned; Milton M. Russell,
Wopdenville, King County, vice Eman
uel Neilsen, resigned.
Navy order — Lieutenant Command
er J. H. L. Holcombe, to San Diego,
Cal., in charge of the construction of
coaling plant.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3. — The Sen
ate to-day confirmed : the following
nominations: J. Todd Hill of New
Jersey, Consul at San Juan Del Norte.
Postmaster— A. J. Gillis, Walla Walla,
Wash.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
CRITICISM
STIRS THE
LAWMAKERS
Representatives of Indiana
and Kentucky Clash in the
t House Over Criminal and
Political History of States
PARTISAN FEELING
AT HIGHEST PITCH
Democrats Make an Issue of
the Action Regarding the
Extradition of Taylor in the
Goebel Assassination Case
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Indiana and
Kentucky locked horns in the House
to-day. The debate, which involved
nearly every member of both State
delegations, was fast and furious from
start to finish.
Kentucky demanded of Indiana the
return of W. S. Taylor that he might
be tried for the assassination of Wil
liam Goebel. The attack was made by
James of Kentucky, a"nd the de
fense was led by Crumpacker of
Indiana. Partisan feeling rose to an
extreme tension. The diplomatic ap
propriation bill was under considera
tion at the time.
Jumes fired both sides of the
House to interest and feeling by de
claring at the outset that the "Rough
Rider President" was ridiculous in his
message to Congress favoring interna
tional extradition treaties when
one State could not get an
other's fugitive from justice. He
had, he said, introduced a bill
in which the Federal Government
made extradition compulsory where
persons had been indicted fpr crime.
For four years, he said. Governor Dur
bin of Indiana had protected Taylor,
who had been regularly indicted in
Kentucky for the murder of Goebel,
"and yet I notice that when Durbin
comes to town," continued James,
•'he is wined and dined by this great
Don Quixote upon extradition, who
absolutely confides to Durbin the right
to give the waiting and anxious world
the news that Hanna can run for Pres
ident if he wants to. And when we
all read that we again declare 'The
King can do no wrong.' "
These remarks met with Democratic
applause and laughter, but stirred the
opposition to action, and for something
like two hours many members were
on their feet at a time, and the crim
inal and political records of both
Kentucky and Indiana were handled
without gloves. The Democrats main
tained that a State government had
no right to take the question of "fair
trial" into consideration in honoring
extradition papers from another Sta.te,
while the Republicans maintained
that history would justify Indiana's
action in this case.
When Crumpacker took the floor
in defense of Indiana he was be
get with a voiley of questions from the
Democratic side, and was hardly able
t<f maintain the thread of his argu
ment on account of interruptions. The
tension was lessened and better nature
restored by the interposition of a
speech on the reorganization of the
consular service by Adams of Penn
sylvania, but it afterward brok«
out again under the lead of Stanley
of Kentucky, only to again be
quelled by a long speech against Cana
'dian reciprocity by Volstead of Minne
sota. , , . . _
The session was concluded at 5
o'clock by a ten-minute appeal by
Harrison of New York for equal treat
ment of American citizens abroad, es
pecially for American Hebrews in
Russia.
CORRESPONDENCE DELIVERED.
President Resi>onds to Gorman's Reso-
lution Regarding Colombia.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The Presi
dent sent to the Senate to-day a mass
of correspondence in response to Sen
ator Gorman's resolution calling for the
dates and circumstances under which
the United States used forces in .the
affairs of New Granada, or Colombia,
and whether such uses of military
forces were on the initiative of the
United States or by the request of New
Granada or Colombia, or in consequence
of any official representation of either.
The resolution also called for copies of
orders by the Navy Department relat
ing to such use of military forces.
The circumstances undter which force3
were landed are given by the Presi
dent in detail, but orders by the War
and Navy departemnts concerning thd
workings of sueh departments and
which will constitute a part of the rec
ords of the officers of the military and
naval intelligence bureaus are withheld
on the ground that the disclosure of
such confidential information would be
incompatible with the country's inter
ests. The President? in His letter of
transmittal says:
The correspondence since November 16, 1002,
referred to In the letter of the Secretary of
the Navy, which has not already been trans
mitted to the Senate, has no reference to tho
matters covered by the • resolutions and deals
with military srovernments. and for that rea
son It Is deemeed Incompatible with the public
Interest to make it public at this time. ,
'. As a preface to the correspondence
Acting Secretary of State Loomis writes
a letter in which he says all the cor
respondence on record in the Depart
ment of State is given and that from
this it appears the United States forces
have been landed on the isthmus of
Panama ten times. Acting Secretary
Loomis says further:
The accompanying papers also show, as a
reply to the second request of the Senate reso
lution, that the United States has been re
quested by New Granada or Colombia to exe
cute by armed forces the guaranty of the neu
trality of the isthmus or of the sovereignty
of New Granada or of Colombia, and the dates
and circumstance* of such requests, particu
larly by the notcis from • the Granadlan lepa
tion of May, 1869; June 20, 1862; September
18 1S62, and from the Colombian legation of
April 2 and 4, 186. r >.
In reply to the third request of the resolu
tion It appears from the correspondence that
on one occasion United States forces were
landed solely on the initiative of the United
States, namely. In September, 1902, when the
Panama authorities were duly notified of the
proposed landing-
The correspondence further shows, as a re
ply to the fourth rrqueBt of the Senate reso
lution, that the forces of the United States
have never been employed tn the Internal af
fairs of New Granada or Colombia otherwise
than to protect United States property and
maintain order and the freedom of the transit
on the Isthmian territory under the provisions
of the treaty of 1848. .::'Z*'\
The State Department letters are
thirty-six in number. The first is dated
October 2, 1856, and the last October i6,
1902. \ttk ,
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
Bill Providing for St. Louis Exposi
tk... Loan Stirs T>rotcsts.,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— After almost
allowing the amendment to the urgent
deficiency appropriation bill providing
CATTLE REMAIN
IN QUARANTINE
Secretary Wilson Will Not Al
low Starving Herds to Be Re
moved on Simple Inspection
SITUATION IS UNCHANGED
Governor Asks the Officials of
Arizona to Aid in the Saving
of Southern Calif onia Stock
Special Dispatch' to Tl*r Call
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 3.— Governor
Pardee to-day received a message from
the Secretary of the Department of
Agriculture reading as follows: ■
WASHINGTON. Feb. 3.— Hon. George C.
Pardee, Governor: Regret I cannot permit
cattle from the quarantined district hi > your
State to go into other States on , simple in
spection.' If arrangements can be made to dip,
these cattle in Beaumont crude petroleum, as:
provided by the regulations, I will detail the'
inspector to' supervise and grant- certificates.
JAMES WILSON.
Secretary of Agriculture. ■
The situation remains practically un
changed. Governor Pardee has ad
dressed a communication to the Ari
zona authorities/ asking them to aid in ;
saving the cattle in Southern Califor
nia' which are suffering from the
drought/ • -■
GLOVER MUST
FORFEIT LIFE
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 3.— Governor
Pardee this afternoon announced his
refusal to interfere in the case of Wil
liam Glover, who *is~ to, be executed at
Folsom prison on Friday next for the
murder of a Placer County farmer
named Nierhoff.
Glover had be.en keeping company
with Miss Agnes Nierhoff, when her
father ordered him to no longer call on
her. A few days later Oscar Glover, a
brother, was engaged in conversation,
with Nierhoff on the latter's place when
William Glover suddenly emerged from
the farmer's house with the latter's gun
in his hand. He raised it and shot Nier
hoff, who lingered for several days.
Nierhoff declared in his dying state
ment that the shooting was wholly un
provoked.
Oscar Glover testified that his broth
er had acted in self-defense, and in this
claim Miss Nierhoff agreed until the
trial, when she swore that her father's
murder was deliberate and uncalled
for. She testified that her former state
ments were made under threats . of
death from the Glover brothers.
TIDAL WAVE SWEEPS
COAST OP PEXMARCUE
People Xenr Shore Flee From Their
Homes and M any Are
Drowned.
BREST, France, JFeb. 3.— A tidal
wave swept the. coast»*wf" I*e?imarchV,'
Department of Finistere, last ' night.
One third of the commune of Pen
marche is under water, many house
boats were wrecked and some of their
occupants were drowned. An im
mense amount of damage was done.
The people living near the shore were
obliged to flee from their homes.
+ : 4-
for a loan of $1,600,000 to the St. Louis
Exposition to get through without any
discussion whatever, the Senate to-day
changed its tactics just as the vote was
about to be taken and began a debate
on the loan provision, which continued
for about four hours and was still in
progress when the Senate adjourned for
the day.
The debate was precipitated- by a
point of order made against the amend
ment by Mr. Bailey, who maintained
that the National Government was not
as such, concerned with the success or
failure of any exposition. He was sup
ported by Lodge and Elkins, while
speeches were made in support of the
amendment by Hale, Allison, Cockrell,
Spooner, McComas and others.
The debate took a political turn at
one time. Gorman took advantage of a
.declaration that the condition of the
treasury was such as to render it un
wise to enter upon this expenditure to
charge the party in power with mis
management. Spooner replied in de
fense of the administration. The de
bate throughout was spirited but good
natured, and the galleries were well en
tertained.
DE. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Many a
3^^^)% woman would
V 4#\ jn make a beau-
Jjr^^ tifiil bride but
%*rrdL!§\ sne * s e "
\^etf$mv\ terred f r o m
/S^^VVu/ entering the
g|iy^ y married state
because of ill-
jgp nealtn.
fit Of* REWARD
jgg^pww for wonEN
WnO CANNOT BE CURED.
The proprietors and makers of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now fed
fully warranted in offering to pay $500
in legal money of the United States, for
any case of ijeucorrhea, Female, Weak-
ness, Prolapsus, or Falling of- "Womb
. which they cannot cure. I All they ask is
a fair and reasonable trial of their means
of cure.
«If women wonld study the laws of health
and use a little more common sense there would
not be such a large number to-day suffering
with the ilia peculiar to our sex," writes Mr*,
Sallie Martins (President Mutual Social Science
Club), of 180 South Halstead Street. Chicago, 111.
"Then when medicine is needed if theywould
take the 'Favorite Prescription,' they would
have a chance to get well. I used Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription : three years ago • and it
cured me of female weakness of several years'-
standing, so I know what I am talking about
when I praise" it and always know what the
result will be where it is used."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should
be used with « Favorite Prescription * '
whenever a laxative is . required.
VETERANS HEAR
THE PRESIDENT
Chief Executive Is a -Guest
at the Banquet of Depart
ment of the Potomac, G. A. R.
TRIBUTES TO SOLDIERS
San Franciscan Speaks Strong
ly in Support of Administra
tion's Attitude in Panama
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— President
Roosevelt, General John C. Black, the
commander in chief of the Grand Army
of the Republic; Secretary Taft, Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles and other well
known officials were guests of honor at
the banquet to-night to the Department
of the Potomac of the G. A. R.
The President arrived at -the banquet
hall shortly after 10 o'clock and was
given a cordial reception. He listened
to a patriotic speech by General Black
and then was introduced to the large
assemblage. The . President spoke for
about half an hour. He paid a tribute
to the G. A. R. and its work, and in a.
general way spoke of the duties of citi
zenship and the lessons taught by the
Civil War.
In the beginning of his speech the
President said he had made it a point
because of the pressure of official du
tfes not to accept social invitations this
winter, but he added that when It
comes to a dinner given by the G. A. R.,
with the commander in chief as-ita
guest, nice customs must courtesy to a
great crisis.
John P. Irish of San Francisco made
a speech strongly upholding the-Presi
dent's attitude on the Panama ques
tion and saying that Mr. Roosevelt was
one whom the people of coming genera
tions would honor for implanting Amer
ican law, order and Justice on the isth
mus. Y
WRECK OF TRAIN
AVERTED BY ACCIDENT
Freight Crew Makes Timely Discovery
of an Open Switch on the
Oregon Short Line.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 3. — A well
planned attempt to wreck the east
bound passenger train No. 1 on the
Oregon Short Line was made. Sunday
night at a point seven miles west of
Wiss, Idaho, and but for the fact that
the fast passenger train was a few
minutes late it would have dashed into
an open switch at a fifty-mile gait and
been hurled into a deep ditch. The
fact that the train was late enabled a
freight train to get to the danger spot
first and resulted in the discovery of
the turned switch in time to avert a
disastrous wreck. The railroad de
tectives are making a searching inves
tigation and expect to make arrests in
a. few days.
That a deliberate attempt was made
to wreck the train there is no doubt.
The switch had been turned but a few
■minutes before the discovery and
placed in such a position that it would
throw the train Into the ditch. The
freight happened ttk. reach the side
track ahead of the passenger train
and stopped short, prepared to get out
of the way of No. 1. Then,' the train
crew «iis»covered the' turned switch. It
was readjusted and No. 1 thundered
past in safety, two minutes later.
RANCHER AND HIS< WIFE
VICTIMS OP A MURDERER
Assassin Shoots Them While They Are
Grossing From Chemainus to Their
Home on Kuper Island.
NANAIMO, B. C, Feb. 3.— The bod
ies of Charles Wilson, a wealthy
rancher, and his wife came ashore at
Chemainus this morning in an Indian
canoe. The unfortunate couple were
the victims of one of the most brutal
crimes in the history of Nanaimo.
They left Chemainus, a suburb of this
place, yesterday to cross to their home
cm Kuoer Island, and a party of log
gers discovered their canoe on the
beach this morning riddled with bul
lets and bespattered with blood. Lying
in the bottom were the bodies of Wil
son and his wife, the flesh torn to rib
bons and the skulls crushed in. The
shots had been fired at close range and
the murderer evidently finished his
terrible work with the butt end of a
gun. • «.
Wilson was known to carry large
sums of money, which fact possibly
furnishes the motive for the crime. A
posse has been organized and the
the woods and shore are being scoured
for a clew. to the assassin.
PLACER COUNTY VOTES
FUNDS FOR AN EXHIBIT
Supervisors Appropriate *$2000 to Aid
in Giving a Fitting Display at
the World's Fair.'
AUBURN, Feb. 3.— M. R. Beard,
secretary of the Sacramento Valley
Development Association, and General
Martine, representing the Sacramento
Chamber of Commerce, were in Auburn
Tuesday and had an audience with
the Placer County Board of Supervis
ors regarding an appropriation to aid
in installing an exhibit at the St. Louis
fair. The Supervisors voted the com
mittee $2000, and $1000 more will be
raised by private subscription. Sac
ramento and the counties adjoining
are planning a fund of $30,000, of
which Sacramento will contribute one
third. The Butte County Supervisors
have already voted the sum of $3500,
and Messrs. Beard and Martine say
there will be no difficulty in raising
the balance from the other counties.
ADDITION TO SEQUOIA
NATIONAL RESERVATION
War Department Orders Mi. Whitney
Military Tract to Be Classed a
i , Public Reservation.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— The War
Department has, by executive order,
surrendered to the Department of the
Interior < Mount Whitney military
reservation, in California, and the
tract will be attached to the Sequoia
National Park as a public reservation.
Shortage in Funds of an Estate.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 3.— A , citation has
been issued directing' the bondsmen of
David Murdock, former .'administrator
of ; the , estate of hia . father/ John ; Mur
dock," to show cause why they should
not refund to the estate $2200 which it
is alleged Murdock embezzled. This
action is taken upon . the petition of
Jacob Reither, the present administra
tor, who says Murdock has absconded.
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
■'. Itching, Blind, Bleeding- or Protruding Piles.
Tour ' druggist .will refund : money,- U ' p&zo
Ointment fails to cure 70a Id 8 to 1* days. BOo*
After All Other Remedies Failed
Pe=ru=na Saved Coroner Phillips' Life
Suffered With Catarrh of the Head and
i^R^p^^l Throat for a Number of Years—
Pe-ru-na Cured Him.
Deputy Coroner of Winpebago •
County, Wisconsin.
E. T. Phillips, Deputy Coroner, Win- Thousands of letters sumilnr to th©
nebago Co., from Menasha.' Wis., writes: following are on*flle in the office of The,
.... . .,.-.. • Peruna Medicir.f Comrany.
'•/ have been troubled with a very serious Rev. K. stubenvull. Pell*. ' oWis.,
case of catarrh of the head and throat for writes: "I feel obliged to extend *&*
, , . . . . ■ . my personal thanks for my complete
a number of years and I tried many pre- restoration. All through the winter I
scriptions from good physicians, but in the. suffered with" throat and lung trouble
, , , , ,, / .. o jt j but recovered my entire health by the
end I found myself no better. On the ad- use of your excellent remedy. Peruna." 0
vice of a friend who had used Peruna with — R ev - E. Suifcenvoll. , •
, ,. , , °. . ... . .. The following letter from a prominent
good results I purchased a bottle, and the gentleman of Los Angeles is a case In
effects from that one bott,e were so en- point: • °
.... . . . . Mr. J. W. Fuller. President of the
couragmg that I continued its use and I jewelers' Association of Los Angeles.
think I used about six bottles in all, which I Cal. has been in th« business in that
,■•*,. . ,.,...■ city for seventeen years out of the forty- ■
am glad to say cured me completely of this fi ve that he has been engaged ir. busi- V
troublesome disease. ness. Concerning his experience with.
.... , - ... , Peruna. he says: ■?.■■.*, .. »-,*
"I can therefore conscientiously recom- "i was trouble* with catarrh of th<*
mend it and am a firm believer in the power head for many years It affected my,
„ , „ . r . „ sense of smell, hearing and -sigrht. \\\
of Feruna to effectually cure catarrh jn all SI)€n t lots of money with doctors* v
:*- fnrmt "— F T Phil'ias the use of local applications' to reli*v'V 1 i
its forms. c. i. rnu.ips. mg fcut to no purpnse untll my attention **
A GREAT many remedies ' to tern- wa s called to the wonderful -effects of
porarily relieve catarrh have been Peruna.
devised from time to time, such as. "I rnust say that I met with most sur»
• sprays snuffs creams and other BSS^8S5fflSfi^3^ \
local applications, but. as a rule, the entirrly out of my system. * *
medical profession has little or no en- "Although well alonpr toward o the n&-
thusiasm in the treatment of catarrh. lotted span of man's life. I a,m pleased.
It is generally pronounced by them to as a child over khe resttlts. and I feel
. i ,,">,i« like a young man again. — J. W. .Fuller,
be incurable. . . such letters a£ ttte above are not iJsei
It therefore created a great sensation for publication except by the -written °
in medical circles when Dr. Hartman permission of the writer,
announced that he had devised a com- A pamphlet filled with such letter*' ;
pound which would cure catarrh perma- will be sent to any *ddres!« fre* This
' , hook should be read by all who aoubt,,
nentiy. tne cura bility of ratarrlj.
The remedy was named Peruna and in if you do not derive prompt and sat- •
a short time became known to thousands iafactory results from the use of Peruna,'
of catarrh sufferers north, south, east write at once to Dr. Hartman. °givin» a
nnH west / - ful1 statement of yojrr casn» and he yt\\l
Letters testifying to the fact that Pe- Jf ce^*»s. l ° y ° U "* T* 1^ 1 * **'
runa is a radical cure for catarrh began Address Dr. Hartman. President <*£ *
to pour in from all directions. The Hartman Sanitarium, (golumbua. O. a
SPANISH HEROES TO
BE BURIED AT HOME
Bodies of Victims of the Battle of
> Manila Bay Will Be Interred
at Cadiz.
MADRID, Feb. 3. — At a Ministerial
Council held here to-day it was de
cided to bring the remains of the
marines who lost their lives on board
the Reina Christina in Manila Bay in
1898 to Spain for burial in the Ma
rine Pantheon at Cadiz.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. :
I TVfpn PI! Cm\iy<? Vaii 1 1
8 / • »■;■;...'.';■ '■'■■'"*"'''. . V
w yf »>w Let any man who is weak, broften down, oltl.and S
. Z2S*2^v decrepit "in physical weakness, full of pains arnl V
O> K?^ 1 aches, gloomy, despondent st:ul cheerless — ;::iy pan «
t> Uj» s~~* a who wants to be stronger and younger thaa h&, &
Q jffl &w W feels — let him come and tell me how he feel?* .Is
g \Jw ja/ an< * " * sajr tnat ' can cure him I will forfeit i*.
S> /Vv "**Wf S? float eara. Z doa't n*«d
5 /^^ ?\ \\ // rSraWV / * »*• now «roinir wronsr la -^J
6 / A\\b». \^F//iWS^ ><YW tho quest of health. Looi ,x
8 \ftmV ifflB^W® humanity that are rpead.- J:
8 —dope that is paral^U:* .§
S '^^\W^^J^ivS^wJf'jSb^ tieIr viwl cryaaa — that :<•*
8 '^1 \W^Wf ZSS'SmBSWr hev* spent all they fcatfo . g
■-• \y '■jyn y r"^lffi >^ earned for years without &
S « * t 1 U*?C! A V! S (ralninjr a pound of strensrtii V.
O \ fj s*^ for the hundreds of dollar* 3 was^ad. «
S \ JLr-*" That is the money that I am aft- .*«
S ifljT^lMlllffxiUnjLlJ j «r. because for every dollar I tnko X
O I Hi^H u «5lSi' i vPv''* — _-*—*— I can give a thousand per cent In- X
S / U^4yi#$ai i( (Jjii___r— -*__— terest. I have cured so many cases x
S« / — -H'-*l^t«J O^af- — '-—— • riK^U hero that I # can prove my
« /. "^^^^^'I'iQS^-virL Most of the belts that I am selling £f
O It =r l^WMmMMS&\^ "~""*^" now are to raen ! vho havo b cen Sent 3 .
o 06 -^Tl^nJWw.SI HJR . hero by their friends whom I have «
S ill jililil-JfSrmVQa v cured, t think that is th- best.evi- A
O In >'*^>'>H^W 1 BflpJfi3§l donee that my business in a sue- »
O t'J i< \/h\'f x >\ HP?W*S8SSl cess from the standpoint <>f cures.. Z.
Q iM I V,W T'llIftH&iB as well as on the dollar skir. , i>
Q nil ■ ' /' / iflBMMBlEI Just lately I have received letters of : O
O ' /i''ffl '/ Ml V ll'SJlESffiH prnise from these men: <>
W lim I ' . I f BiKSSSm James P. Davis. 700 Devlsariero $t.; .0
« Ifm I 6 i$\\TlkWS&sk San Francisco. He was cured of a b^ck Q
X I ifll /! Km !b9bbIh£$B trouble of 12 years* standtnjft <S
g wm hill i'l \\W pjSS*-*' c,. \V. Scott. Madison. Vol.. Co.. Cal.. an £>
Q \^_^ jfi' ijijjj old man of p 75. who feels like a yoking <0>
8 buster of 'Z0 since he has been using 1 my g
' II II (in 1/wliraf Cruz* Cal.. who says I cured him of Inii- o
8 .."**" , gestion. Constipation, Nervousness and Q
« Lumbago from which he had suffered 15 years. 0< <r>
iJ- . Wherever you are. I think I can give you the name of a man In your O o
« town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This 0
» is my twenty-fourth year in the business of pumping new vim into worn- &,
» out humanity, and I've got cures in nearly every town on the map. «.
« Come and see me If you can. and I'll fix you up. or if you can't call. Jjf
ij write to me. ' I've got a nice boot on men that I'll send sealed free if you §
8 Inclose this ad. . — - 'O
I Dp M C Mel fluo-hlin 906 Market St. §
Q Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. Not solj in" drug stores. <0j
TROUBLE SEEMS TO BE
BREWING JN URUGUAY
Rumor Current That President Orti
onez Is Abont to Seek Refugte
on an Ar^entlm- Ship,
BUENOS ATRES. Feb.. 3. — It ly'ra-,
mored here that the President of Uju*-"
guay. Senor Ordonez, is about to asS ,
refuge on an Argentine cruiser. * ".
People without reverses are h&vejfr,
successes. *RUSSIAN TROOPS LEAVE PORT ARTHUR
AND WARSHIPS MAKE SAIL TO THE SEA
PORT ARTHUR, Via Chefu, Feb. 4, 1:02 a. tn. (Eastern Time). —
The Russian fleet has left Port Arthur. 1; : .% 1
Officers Say the Armed Expedition
Is Merely Precautionary.
~i£pez:&l Cablegram to Tfce Call and New Tor k Herald. Cq^jricht, 1904, by the New York
• Herald Company.
PORT ARTHUR, via Chefu, Feb.
3, 11 a- tn. (Eastern time). —Four reg
lixirata and three batteries are leaving
Tort Arthur for the neighborhood of
:i.« Yalu River. One battalion left
T«*twdaT and one to-day. Two trains
leave dally filled with troops and
rtores. Four regiments besides tlie
fortress artillery are to remain in .Port
Arthur. . .-•,.-..
All the warships' left the basin to
day and anchored wiJJi" .twenty .tor
pedo-boats outside the harbor. There
is no excitement. High officials say
the Valu expedition is "merely * pre
cautiti-aary measure. :
It is rumored that <5^neral *Ma is
marshaling sn army north of Shan
haikwan. really a$ a menace "to the
Russian f!$nk, but 'Ostensibly to re
press bandits, and that Russia is send
ing some trooi*? south. But the Rus
sian ofileors all deny this, saying that
China is a ncgPgible - quanUtv and
that two Russian regiments are suf
ficient to defend Manchuria against
an invasion from thb south.
One high official told me that Jap
anese military "men disguised and
sraUerfd along the Manchurian rail
way were more- dangerous than the
whole Chinese army. An American
got a contract for constructing ex
tensive barracks in various* places tn
Manchuria far from the railway.
A Ja'iiSinese landing in Korea is
daily expected, hut the .Russians are
confident they can prevent the land
in- of it large force owips to the su
periority of their tprpedo-boats. ' I am
ABVEBTIS^MENTS.
Over Stomach, Liver and Kidney
Complaints is very decisive when
you use Hostetter's Stomach Bit-
ters. Then why will you continue
to suffer when it is unnecessary?
Get a bottle to-day .from your
druggist and see how much good
it will do you. It never fails in (
cases of Poor Appetite, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia, Constipation,
Kidney Ills, Chills, Colds or
Malaria, and has been endorsed
by physicians for 50 years.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
There. are some pure mus
tards "now; Schilling's Bes'
was the first. But pure* is no
fine; Schilling's Best is th'
only fine, or at least the fines:
not colored; there's prettie:
mustard to iook at — that isn''
tvhat mustard is for.
Your grocer's ; moneyback
told that Amursky Cossacks will in
vade Hokkaido (Yezzo) via Saghalien.
REPLY TO BE PACIFIC.
Russia Will Grant Everything Con
sistent With Dignity.
PARIS. Feb. 4.— The Revue Russe
says it has just received Authoritative
information showing that Russia is
resolutely maintaining a pacific policy
and" in the note about to be transmitted
to, Japan she hfis mad* all the conces
sions compatible with dignity. Russia
will declare therein, the paper contin
ues, that her interests in connection
with the railroad are too great for her
not to insist upon occupying a position
which will enable her to protect this
costly enterprise, but she recognizes
algo the ri?ht of Japan to develop^ ex
tend and create outlets in Manchuria
as well as m Korea. The contents in
the Russian note, the Revue Ruase
avers, are known in Tokio, where they
have created a most favorable impres
sion. In any case, the paper concludes,
Russia has decided not to engage Japan
unless she is directly attacked.
The Matin this morning quotes what
it terms a •"high English authority" for
the following statement:
"If Japan seeks to begin war by re
jecting Russia's forthcoming response
Great Britain will use all her influence
to hold her back."
A dispatch from Port Arthur to the
Paris edition of the New York Herald
says ah American firm has secured a
contract for the construction of ex
tensive barracks at various points in
Manchuria far distant from the rail
roads •
JAPAN'S STATESMEN CONFER.
Meeting Is Believed to Foreshadow
Important Events.
TOKIO. Feb. 3. — A specially sum
moned conference of the Cabinet,
elder statesmen and military and
naval chiefs "was held to-day at the
residence of Premier Katsura. The
meeting is believed to have been of
much importance, though no details of
the discussion have been made public.
Possibly it foreshadows energetic ac
tion on account of Rusian proscratina
tion.
Although the Government officials
continue reticent, it is manifest that
the Fituation is of the gravest and that
a crisis is near at hands The time in
which the Russian reply will continue
to be a factor in the situation is nar
rowing. The patience of the Govern
ment is becoming exhausted and if the
expected answer is delayed many days
longer the Issuance of an ultimatum
by Japan will become inevitable. The
Japanese feel that the existing condi
tions have entitled • them to a more
prompt reply and are bound to infer
that the St. Petersburg Government is
determined not to yield, but it utilizing
the time to advance its preparations
for war.
OUTLOOK IS GLOOMY*
Unofficial Advices Say That Russia's
Jteply 3Ieans Wnr,
TOKIO, Feb. 3.— Events to-day Indi
cate that the .prolonged tension has
reached "a cJimax.
The Marquis Ito, President of the
Privy Council, was summoned from
the country during the night and to
day the Emperor received him and a
council of the elder statesmen was
held with the War Minister and three
admirals.
The highest oSHcials make no pre
tense of concealment of their exasper
ation at the tardiness of the Russian
reply.
An unofficial dispatch yesterday said
the Russian decision means war.
The conference lasted several hours.
"While it was going on Premier Kat
sura and Foreign Minister Komura
had a long audience with the Em-
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, "\ FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
WARSHIPS OF RUSSIA IN
THE ORIENT AND CZAR'S
VICEROY.
peror. The result of the conference is
not known.
PREPARATIONS ARE ACTIVE.
Russia Continues to Increase Her
Stock of Coal,
TIENTSIN, Feb. 3.— In the event of
an outbreak of hostilities between Rus
sia and Japan, the railroad adminis
tration has arranged to bring the roll
ing stock of the extra-mural line inside
the great wall.
Russia has ordered another 20,000 tons
of Kaiping coal for delivery at Port
Arthur, making 70,000 tons in a week.
It is pointed out that if war breaks
out soon the coal will hardly reach its
destination, as the stocks here are low
and the steamers scarce.
It Is reported that the Russians are
building a railroad to connect Mukden
with Sinminting, thirty miles west of
Mukden, on the railroad running to
Shanhaikwan and Tientsin.
SHIPS yOF THE FLEET.
Russia Has Powerful Vessels Hurry
ing to Port Arthur.
The ships comprising the Russian
fleet now bound for Port Arthur are as
follows:
First-class battleship Oslabya, 12,674
tons; speed, B knots; armament, four
10-inch guns, eleven 6-inch guns, six
teen 3-inch guns, twenty-nine smaller
guns; total, sixty guns. .The Oslabya
is, a sister of the battleships Pobieda
and Peresviet, now at Port Arthur.
The armored cruiser Aurora, 6630
tons; speed, 20 knots; armament, eight
6-inch guns, twenty 3-inch guns, eight
1.4-lnch guns, and carries four torpedo
tubes. She is a sister ship to the
cruisers Pallada and Diana, now at
Port Arthur.
The'armored cruiser Dmitry Donskoy,
5882 tons; speed, 16.5 knots; armament,
six 6-Inch guns, ten 4.7-inch guns, six
teen quickflring guns, four other small
er guns; total, thirty-eight guns. She
is a sister ship to the Admiral Nakhim
off, built at St. Petersburg in 1896, and
now at Port Arthur.
These ships are followed by the first
class battleships Alexander III and
Nicolai I and the armored cruiser iAl
maz. The two battleships are sisteis
to the Cesarevitch. 13,110 tons, now at
Port Arthur, speed 18 knots, and they
carry four 12-inch guns, twelve 6-inch
guns, twenty 3-inch guns, twenty 1.8
inch guns, six 1.4-irich guns, six small
guns and two submerged torpedo tubes.
There are also eleven torpedo-boat
destroyers. °
Kins Peter's Cabinet Resigns.
BELGRADE, Feb. 3. — The Cabinet
resigned to-day. King. Peter will
struct M. Paslcs, Minister of Finance,
or M. Protitch, the Minister of the 1 In
terior, to form a new Cabinet.
St. Petersburg Newspaper Blames
Uncle Sam for the Trouble.
LONDON, Feb. 4. — Special dispatches
received here from the Far East and
published this morning add nothing
to the knowledge of the actual situa
tion.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph quotes from the
Novoe Vremya a bitter editorial at
tack upon the United States, which he
supposes to De an outcome of the dis
patch of American Consuls to Mukden
and Antungr. The Novoe. Vremya ac
cuses the United States of a desire to
win the hegemony of the entire globe
and exclude Europe from the Far East
ern market, and declares "if, as it
seems likely, war breaks out, it will
have been instigated by th e Yankees
with their utilitarian views."
Baron Hayashi, Japanese Minister
to Great Britain, described the situa
tion in the Far East as "certainly very
threatening," but said everything de
pended upon Russia's reply. "It is
highly improbable," the Minister con
tinued, "that Russia will make any
aggressive move before the Japanese
Government has received and consid
ered Russia's reply. What Russia
wishes to do is to throw the responsibil
ity of taking the initiative upon
Japan." The foregoing utterances
LORENZ OWED
MACHEN MONEY
. WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Shortly be
fore adjournment to-day counsel for
the defense in the postal trial produced
a note dated July 1, 1883, for $25,000
drawn by George E. Lorenz in favor of
August *W. Machen. In . the opening
statement of the defense Kumler, in
behalf of Lorenz, said he would prove
the existence of an indebtedness of this
amount on the part of Lorenz to Ma
chen. The note, he said to-day, was
offered for this purpose and explained
various remittances forwarded by
Lorenz to Machen. A hundred or more
notes, aggregating over $53,000, were
identified by President S. D. Carr of
the National Bank of Commerce of To
ledo, as having been discounted by his
bank on the indorsement of Lorenz and
his brother and Machen, tha loans hav
ing been made to enable them to de
velop their oil properties in Wood
County, Ohio. Carr further testified
that Machen had sold out his Interest
to Lorenz, the bank "thereafter accept
ing the single indorsement of George
E. Lorenz.
Earlier in the day Dlller B. Groff pro
duced various checks in favor of his
brother as evidence that he had paid
him all That was due as his share of
the profits. Groff explained his failure
to send remittances to Lorenz after
November, 1902, by the fact that the
Government still owed Groff Brothers
$13,000 and that it was necessary to pay
the manufactruers of the fasteners. J.
H. McGill, a patent attorney, testified
that the Miller device, which had been
referred to In the course of the trial,
was an Infringement of the Groff fast
ener. ' ; .0.
"THUMB" DISTRICT IS
TIED UP BY SNOW
More Than 100,000 People Are Snow
bound in Villages and Hamlets '
of Michigan.
DETROIT, Feb. 3.— In the "Thumb"
district -of Michigan, that part of the
State north from Port Huron to Sagi
naw Bay, comprising three counties,
there are more than 100,000 people
stormbound in the villages and ham
lets. Yesterday's northwestern blizzard
appears to have completely undone the
previous work of the railroads in their
attempt to ; open the "Thumb" district
to: traffic again. All the towns north
from Port Huron to. Port Austen and
Harbor ; Beach v. report an alarming
shortage of coal, with little or no wood
supply available •, .
were provoked on being shown the
threatening dispatehes from St. Pe
tersburg.
Just before the adjournment of the
night session of the Hquse of Com
mons a member asked the Government
whether it had any information con
cerning the rumor that Russia had de
clared war. To this question Home
Secretary 7 Akers-Douglass replied,
"None whatever."
ALEXIEFF 3IAY GIV T E SIGNAL.
Viceroy Said to Have Authority to
Declare War if Necessary,
LONDON. Feb. 3, 8:05 p. m.— A dis
patch to Reuter's Telegram Company
from St. Petersburg, dated yesterday
and forwarded by way of the frontier,
says the Russian general staff has
given Viceroy Alexieff authority to de
clare war and open hostilities on his
own responsibility if circumstances
render it necessary. -" >
The dispatch adds that an imperial
manifesto declaring war is expected if
the Japanese Government does not ac
cept the conditions proposed in Rus
sia's response, which, it is asserted, will
be Russia's last word.
SALVADOR MUST
GIVE FULL PAY
(Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 3.— Colonel John
P. Irish, who has been here some weeks
prosecuting a claim as attorney for Cal- |
ifornia clients against the Government;
of Salvador, leaves to-morrow for San !
Francisco, having been successful In j
enlisting the State Department in be- j
half of his clients as against the recal- j
citrant Salvadorean Government. He |
considers this, of course, a virtual win- •
ning of the case, which Involves a large •
amount of money. The case is now.
known as the El Triunfo award against |
Salvador and prew out of the robbing ;
of certain American citizens in that!
country some years ago. The original !
Judgment aegainst • the Government \
amounted to $523,163, but was afterward '
compromised at $450,000, which Salvador
under the seal of its Government, af- j
fixed in this city August 17, 1903, agreed j
to pay. It has failed to do so, however, j
and the State Department to-day gave j
notice that It must make Immediate i
compliance with it3 agreement or the !
Government of the United States will '
require it to pay the full amount of the ;
judgment. " •
REDMOND OUTLINES
COURSE OF IRISH PARTY
Ireland's lender Says There Is No
Such Thins as an Alternative to
Home Rule.
LONDON, Feb. 3.— "For the Irish
party there is no such thing as an al
ternative policy to home rule," declared
John Redmond, the leader of the Irish
Parliamentary party, in the House of
Commons to-day as he resumed debate
on the address in reply to the speech
from ; the throne. Redmond proceeded
to detail the various grievances of Ire
land, incidentally informing the Liber
als that it was delusion to suppose they
could count on Irish support by prom
ising an alternative policy to the home
rulers. ; Because the Irish obtained an
act last year remedying some of the
evils of past governments some persons
seemed to think that the Irish question
was shelved, but^ no concession could
weaken the bill for self-government.
On the contrary, every concession they
had obtained or might obtain would be
used for the • furtherance of the contest
for'home rule. The Irish would rather
govern themselves badly than be gov
erned well by another nation. . -
TRAGIC RESULT
OF A WRECK
One Is Killed and 3Iany In
jured in Accident to Inter
colonial Express Near Hailfax
COACHES ABE DERAILED
Train Plunges Over an Em
bankment Into a Biver and
All Passengers Are Hurt
HALIFAX, N. S.. Feb. 3.— Two dead,
two fatally injured and twenty-flve
seriously injured is the revised cas
ualty list in the wreck of the Inter
colonial express train, the five cars of
which left the rails near Hunters
Crossing, five miles ■west of this city,
to-day, and plunged down a forty-foot
embankment into the Shuerdarie Riv
er. Every one of the passengers suf
fered more or less injuries, as did the
ten members of the crew.
The dead: MRS. JOHN GLASSEY.
Halifax; CONDUCTOR ROBERT
DUNCAN, Halifax.
Fatally injured: Baggagemaster J.
E. Blair, Halifax; Armenian peddler,
name unknown. • V.-'.
The train, consisting of a locomotive,
postal car, baggage car, two day
coaches and a Pullman sleeper, was
bound from this city for Montreal and
Boston, and was traveling forty miles
an hour when the accident occurred.
COLONEL IiUTAVEIN SAFE
IN HIS OWN LINES
Governor of German Southwest Africa
Returns After Subduing the
Bondelztvarts.
BERLIN, Feb. 3. — The following ca^
blegram has been received from Swak
opmund, German Southwest Africa,
from the commander of the German
gunboat Habicht:
"The garrisons at Windhoek and Oka
handja have been relieved by Franke's
company with two guns. The relief
of Okahandja occurred January 27,
Emperor William's birthday, and was
without losses.
"On January 28 there occurred a ter
rific battle between the gallant little
German force and the enemy, who
numbered thousands. The engagement
lasted for six hours and ended with the
storming of the main camp of the en
emy, situated on Kaiser Wilhelm
Mountain. Four Germans were wound
ed. After this defeat the enemy with
drew to the Otjisangati hills, but we
succeeded in getting away all • the
stolen cattle. The enemy devastated
all the farms and the railroad stations
in the Windhoek and Okahandja dis
tricts, a portion of Karibib and the
barracks of the mountain battery at
Johann Albrecht Heights. The losses
so far are known to be forty-four set
tlers, including women and children,
killed, and in most cases the bodies
were mutilated. The military losses
amount to twenty-six and there have
been fifty other fatalities. It is prob
able that Catadis has been besieged
since January 16. The march on Omar
urair will be begun to-morrow. Colonel
Leutwein, Governor of German South
west Africa, is expected here by
steamer on February 5. Lieutenant
Winkler has arrived here with supports
from the steamer Ernest Woennann."
This news was circulated here in ex
tra editions of the papers to-night and
caused universal rejoicing.
BERLIN, Feb. 3. — Later advices cor
rected the first statement made in re
gard to the whereabouts of Colonel
Leutwein. saying he arrived recently
at Port Xolloth, Cape Colony, and
afterward sailed for Swakopmund,
where he is due to arrive February 5.
A cablegram has .been received here
from the commander of the German
gunboat Habicht, saying that the gar
risons at Windhoek and Okahandja
have been relieved. The latter place
was taken by storm. The tribesmen
killed and in most cases mutilated
forty-four settlers, including women
and children. The military losses were
twenty-six, and it is probable that the
death list has been Increased by fifty
casualties. On January 28 the principal
camp of the tribesmen was on Kaiser
Wilhelm Mountains.
Michael Davitt Is Coming-
LONDON, Feb. 3. — Michael DavRt
and family will sail on the White Star
steamer Celtic, departing from
Queenstown for New York to-morrow.
They are going to Colorado for a pro
tracted stay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drink
gH q
J*2a Arising,
Half
BHia Glass "Q »
&^r of the I
H^ Natural ™| |
{JUS ' Laxative |
|§| Water |
• ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail This Orrfer to Til* San Praaciaco Call Wits 75c
The "San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifly
Cents is The Call's Premium rate tc all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr '.
STREET ............. ... ............
STATE ... '.. .;..
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES. : :
If You Have These Symptoms)
Send Fpr My, Book.
Ityoa want tn feel bttter. .
It you »ant mare strength.
If you lack ambition.
If you can't do thine j like yon ns«J Hv
If you lack confidence in yourself.
If your n«r»t -your courage— U leading you. . •
If you lack vint, rigor, vitality. • • - "
If lomethioc is enirr away your constitution, writ*,
to me (or the book »;pu need. • *
The book tells 01 .ttr discovery. Tell* how »?r.«r
thirty yean I (outid t.*.e cause ei these symptoms, and
many others, given above.
The book tells how byjciemiAe experiment I tne?d
out the causes that hring on chronic cfiseates. It tells
how I perfected my prescriji'ion — Dr Shoop's Reuora-
tire. • ■ . ■ ■
I found invariably ti-it where there was a weakness.
the inside nerves were weak. Where there was a lack
of vitality thai the vital nervrt lacked power. Wher*
weakprtans were found. 1 a!«ay» found weak.nem*.
Not the nerve* commonly thought of. but the vital or*
gans' nerves, the inside — the mvi.4ib.le nerves.
This was a revelation. TTieu my real success began.
Then ! eaoMaad u*r«(»nu thai »ou!>i vtrenctnen, ,■
that would vitalize these nerves. Tivit r**4Ci4ption I
called a r«toniiv». It is known t!'e world over bow as
Or. Shoop's Kestnrative. Ai'xr thai 1 did nM tai! t»
cure one case in each hundred. * In the extremely diffi-
cult cases rav failtirer* fnr live years were' on« in each
forty treated. I found cancer incurable Cancer is
for srtrgery, not medicine. '
..Then how !<• gel thi« prescription to sick on<i tvery-
where was my thought. I must aniv>unce it in tha
public pres.t. But, thought I. will they rea!i«o th«
truth ol my discovery — the real power of T>r. Shoop's
Restorative? Then a way came to me — like an inspirit
tkm. "1 »i!l uft^r it mf-e sick on trial Vr.tn th**y
will know 1 am sincere." . , • -
I wrote a reliable (Irujrgisi m eacli city and »ill«» hi
America. They agreed to co-operate with rni. No/*>
by any sick one % .-„ # .'„ ■
Dr. Shoop's Restorative "' >
Can.be taken :on trial. r'ora full month I wfil lat
you use it entirely at my risk
Send nomone>. J»itt write m« lor thS bneVyfet
need. When I send it 1 *iJl tell you of a drugrut nm
by who will perntit the month's trial. Lse theltettora* ■
live a month. Then decide. If you siyto'Sie druggist
"It did not help me," that will relieve you ol any e*.
pense whatever. He wfll bill the cost to me.
This is my *»y of clearing your mind of »'.! douilts a*
to what Dr. Shoop's Kestprative can do. No matter,
how prejudiced, you cannot dispute, this absohite sccur- '
ity I offer. Yqy cannot resist an otfer life' this il yea '
are at all sick. . • . . ' *
If you have a weaitr/est , write me. If you can't d)
tilings like you used to do them.' telr.mea.bout.il. .'-■
W rite in confidence. Asa pjiysician I will tellyov
a w*y to help. Get my book now — to-da?. . ■/' ■
SUnpl, a tat V h,ch SSU-SJSgfc*'-
book you .want and Bttotcf on th» Kidhe^m,'
address Dr. . Shcop, Boole » for Wanan.
box S630. Racine. Bock 5 tot lisa
W1 . (sealed).
"*■• Book 6 on Rheumatism
Mild cases, not , chronic. ar« cften ctfrad
with one or two bottle*. • At druggi»f . : -
Dollar v ;- V ;
Premium All coffees
Free U W s n^f es
!♦«.£ u Cents rasing.
wlthfoch l^|
rThey are Beauties p I
A thousand kinds y^J !
to Select fronii «^fl J
It Payg'to\ I'i
Trade at J
Great Amerfciff Importing Tea Co's ',
Stores . I
StoKaAet 213 Grant ar. * 1419 PoUc
MOSfeSh 1319D.>n^er*> 705 L*rkin
CTS-Haight 3006 Sixteenth "'» H»ws '
3235 Mission S21 MottcW avu . ' S2 Market '
20QSTiIlrn<xre 251S Mission 146 Ninth
86g Third 2732 Uth 46qtFoprth E'
This is a special prtte on a special-
ly good knife. It pays tb buy a good
knife — one that yoi*> can depend on. I
carry a very complete assortment of
cutlery, %mbracing every high-grade
make, such «as Wostenholm's, Jor-
dan's. Henckel's, Stiletto and others.
MT SPECIAJL RAZOB, at Sl.OO.
has no equal for the money-.
STAB SAFETY BA20B. $2.00
value; my price. S1.5O-
SCISSORS, good grade, as low as
2.*»c-
RAZOR STROPS, from 25c ttp.
Two bars Williams' Shaving Soap.
l?»e. -
Out-of-town orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The : Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Above PowelL
1^ m^^
No Man Is Rich Enough
To be unappreciatlve of good laundry
work.
Rich or poor — one can't help recogniz-
ing the superb quality of that we turn
out — it's evident on its face that superior
methods are employed in cleansing and
finishing every article.
One bundle hereMs evidence enough for
anyone — all we ask to convince you.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
OmCS 1004 MARKET STREET.
Near Powell.
Phone Private Exchange 87.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
MAYOR SIGNS
GARBAGE LAW
His Honor Declares That' to
Veto Crematory Bill WouM
Involve City in Litigation
TOLERATES NO NUISANCE
Plant Must Be Conducted on
Sanitary Lines Is the Ex
ecutive's Firm Resolution
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
f"? His Broadway. Fob. 3.
Mayor Olm-y amoved the garbage
cremators- ordinance to-day. His Hon
or's chief reason tor signing-. the bill
t- r that to veto it meant prolonged
li: Ration and the strong probability
that the incinerating company would
take up the first contract made wiih
the corporation by the city and win
iii the courts. That contract, the May
or btS'-ved, was a bad one for the city.
L and in short, he accepts |he new or<ii-=
nance as a matter of making the Best
of a. bad bargain.
|n a written- statement of his reas
oi«: for Mtrfiing the ordinance Mayor
Olney declares: '■■:', • j
First— It Ms an >lern«»nts.r^ juinciple that
ifc* *K~-utlve «,f any « invrf talent should MM
*»t its**! Irr ..►pro!'!*'"" ti> th<> leKi&lative body
< toy vHtKing a lajv; or ordinance unless oon
vinc«f-i-ynnd a reasf»at>le <1ouU that Ui* law
Second— If this ofdfnanrt*, is° vetrw-d and the
veto Fi;M.aln«l. then '■ the lncineralinK com
. i-any wofild fall l^ick iin the onllnaftoe passed
by the preceding Council. That ordinance as
niort objectionable. It« won* features are
*-:«?iinai»<l from l«e new one. an.l it has l>een
accepted In lieu of ihr ol* Vtvler the decision
of ih;» I'r.ited State:- KSrcuit «'«urt "f Appeals
In a &tn PtancteeO ca?<\ tedded In .N'ovemlrf*
la«. i'. if probable that the courts would Uf>
h»M the /ill ordtnance. thereby r:«tki*K e rvtir
sjtuati-n rr.u.h wi.i>c than it -..* possible to be
under the new ordJnarftv. «.., #
Litigation \vocu> kesixt.
At any rate, expensive' litigation <Vould re
sult. Thf-re is a mi5takfin Jiffca that our Su
perior Court Judges dt^:!«leJ the old ordinance
' invalid.* AH that* was.' lie fore the court, anef.
''.nerefore, &'.'. that* covld be decided, so as ty
have »"ay binding efcect. was that The start
ir.p if. ths cren:al'*ry could c*t be enjoined
»' n ;ul Mr tagaanf*; that Is, its' wrtual op
'yatlott must prove t'>. be a nuisance -before
u>' <nurts will interfere. c
Third— It i* claimed that recent scientific J
method* can burn gartt'pc \v;rtiout ofTens-* to j
any «»f <he sonses, an<i.*the ordinanijp ron^f.m
platep-.the erection c uf fuch a -crematory." But
if, whep the-crrmatory t-tarts°up, this claim U
► howtj to *>e 'unfoiiTHl' d and the- crematory in
its • opera tf«in beeonr -r , offensive to health, or
create* bad /smells, # ;ij» courts will undoubt
edly al«atf- it as a r.uisan,<-r
, As 1t is on th-' windward tfJe ot cur city«
Jt is not IVryt Oakland proper "that will suf
fer, but" the central part of .Oatf!an<l *.> tbg
<M.et • >f the crematory..' 1 U it is offensive in
actu<J operation a large part of our city riU
b» in arms acainyt*!!'. .and the resujt of pnJ
t'-ed'.p.Rs 1 to abate It ojnnot be 3oubted.
Fourth— It teems to be the tons n^us <"■<.
opinion that the Ifst way to dispose of par
bage is to burn it.* Assuming dhat is the
vase, where shall the place of burning be lo
cated? Where ought it to be located in Oak
land. ?. Manifestly as far 8 way from humatv
habitation p.« i«>ss;Me an^l t>e at the same"
time reasonably access!T-!e to teams.
site is Remote.
Tb«* proposed tf'te" it>. Twenty-fourth and
W<*'< streets, al'out three blocks Vest of the
• present public pound,- and in a wjlt marsh
Wrthftit " » residence within three blocks. It
1» 'near thfc Tracks of t*\e Southejin Pacific
I,*!illroa«l. With or without the crematory, all
the land .abi'ut the proposed site <t]11 jnirely
br. «3evcte<I ,|o manufacturfhfr puriiost-s and not
'to residence*-. If them are fumes that will be
come offensive, it ,v.ill be i=o only at trj thoSe
pl»"es fthere the wind, carries the t^mes.
7*fcfls, administration will certainly insist
thai the crematory Khali nm be offensive, and
if- is natural to suppc^e that any succeeding
will do" J ikwise. In fact pub
lic «Afntlcient all ever- the city will demand
tha** no part of our •wrpie shall be required
to endure a public nuisance. The law and
public sentiment will, be in "accord on th^t
propositii n. . •
/ I Tia\*e carefully considered all t)y» rea«oxiS'
Vo a '•'.>■' present f-d by dolcKa*ions fmm \Vp;;J
end North OaWlaod why I rhould veto the
ordinance, am!, after' *tuch coasi'leration, the
forejroirrer reascrjs" indtice me' not to take
issue with the <"V>uncH unor. thin o question.
Kespecvully. \VAI!1'.i:N OLNET, Mayor.
Plnco the foregoing was written a pn test
by "the Women's Civic Improvement' Club tias
.been' handed rne. The forejMins; should alto
be cori^'drred an my reply to that profVt.
I do not vUIlipcty i?a counter ft the wishes
of that orranizatlon.' &« canr.ot tak,«- the re
»j>onsibf!ity of vetoing: the f^'iinanoc for the
reascn that I am nrt satisnr<V thai : it Is my
duty to do «o. TfcfifiJuty s£oyJd be impera
tive to call for surh drastic artlon and thereby
j-Iunp* tv.» city irto llt'.Fation and into the
chaotic rtsTidltir.n. er tcv'<his important subject,
that h»* «o S'-nc cttal^ed. . • ;
Wj»np.ES OIAET,,
BARTENDER. DIES FROM
* SIXF-IXFI.ICTED WOUNDS
Harry .Jack«on. Who Shot Himself
After Failing to Kill Barkeeper
Macy. IJ\es Otiy Few- Hours.
OAKLAND. Fet). 3.— Hurry Jack-
Fon, the bartender who shot himself
last night at 10 o'clock after trying to
kill P. L. MacyV another barkeeper,
died at 4 o'clock this qiorninp; at the
Receiving Hospital. He did not re t 
cover consciouwiess. '
Coroner ■Mchnnann held an inquest
this afternoon. Jiickson's friends ar
ranged for funeral -scrvires.
Brmvn Turns Tables.
OAKLAND, Feb. S.— There will be a
runtest over the divorce action begun
by HattieD.JJror.-n against Llewellyn
J. Brown, late Registrar of Porto Rico,
on the ground of habituaJ intemper
»nce. He has fiied an answer and a
cross-complaint, 'in whlcn he alleges
that his wife £amo to California for
ihe purpose uf potting a divorce, and
now Jv asks -a decree on the ground
that sh« is guilty <;f desertion.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
is the great flesh producer.
Thirty years have proved its
effeciency in throat and lung
troubles and all wasting diseases.
Do not try ' substitutes, es-
pecially now, when cod Jiver
oil is so scarce and high"/' They
are mostly all . adulterated with
seal or other cheap oils.
Scott's Emulsion is always
the same. The cod liver oil
used is absolutely pure ; all the
other ingredients are also
carefully selected and of the
finest quality.
WOMEN PROMISE
COMPLETE SUM
Thirty Thousand Dollars Is
Necessary for the New Build
ing of the Y. M. C. A.
PROMINENT LADIES HELP
Step Is Taken at Reception
Given ; to Mrs. L. Wilbur
Messcr by Her Many Friends
a - Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 3.
Once mrtre has Oakland's womankind
come to Ihe 2 rescue and* assumed the
burden o£» another debt. At the meet-
Ins which folio-wed the reception to
Mps. L. Wilbur Messer to-day it was
» put to vote and carried without one
dissenting voice that the ladles pres
ent assume the responsibility of rais
ing the sunj of $30,000, the deficit nec
essary to complete the new Y. M. C. A.
building, on which work "will soon be
gin.
It was a representative gathering
that greeted Mrs. Messer in the recep
tion rooms of the Htrtel Metropole to
day. Mrs. Messer is a woman of strik
ing appearance and magnetic person
ality, who has a pleasant fashion of
apparently taking every one right into
her heart. She gave a little talk on
Y. M. CL A, interests in the East and
what women had done there for the
cause. sThen the question was taken
up of forming a woman's auxiliary to
the Y. M. C. A., which should co-ope
rate earnestly with the parent organ
ization, Especially in its efforts to raise
the much ijeeded $30,000. with the re
sult stated above. .
ELOQUENCE WINS.
Mrs. J. B. Hume acted as chairman
of the mei<ing, and 'to her eloquent
appeals were added those of Mrs. J.
L. Lyon$, Mrs. J. H. Breuer, Mrs. J. R.
Scupham and Mrs. Ada H. Van Pelt.
An executive committee was named
to further plans for raising the de
sired sum. The committee is composed
of othe following leading women of Oak
! land: Mrs. J. R. Scupham, Mrs. G.
EL Brinkerhoff, Mrs. J. B. Hume, Mrs.
R. H. Chamberlain, Mrs. C. S. Cham
berlain, Mrs. F. M. Smith, Mrs. George
H. Collins, Mrs. Jame> A. Johnson, >
Mrs. E. H. Vance, Mrs. C. W. Kinsey,
Mrs. J. H. Breuer, Mrs. J. J. Warner,
Mrs. William Letts Oliver, -Mrs. Giles
H. Gray, Mrs. Warren Olney, Mrs. S.
T- Alexander, Mrs.' J. A. Folger, Mrs.
Wallace Everson, Mrs. E. C. Farnham,
Mrs. E! H. Kleugel, Mrs. Q. A. Chase,
Mcs. H. C. Taft, Mrs. B. F. Weston,
Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mrs. W. H. Chick
ering. Mrs. Oscar tuning, Mrs. D. T.
Curtiss, Mrs. J. F. Kennison, Mrs. Irv
ing C. Lewis and Mrs. Mary Carmany.
INTRODUCE GUESTS.
Mrs. Hume was assigted in receiv
ing and introducing sailers to the guest
*)f honor to-day by Mrs. Scupham, Mrs.
Oliver. Mrs. Giles H. Gray, Mrs. R.
H. Chamberlain. Mrs. David Gage, Mrs*
M. M. Brock, Ilrs. G. E. Brinckerhoff,
Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. F. F. Barbour an/1
Mrs. Robert Hi!l. A delicious fruit
punch was served during the afternoon,
that pleasant duty being performed by
Missed Anita Oliver. Cordelia Bishop,
Sara Drinkwater, Elizabeth Benton.
Apphia Vance, Pauline Collins, Nora
Titesworth, Ethel Johnson and Miss
Thomas. •
Mrs. Carrc-11 Nicholson and Mrs. Car
rie Brown Dexter both gave delightful
musical numbers, Mrs. Nicholson sing
ing "Cuttln" Rushes," by Willouphby,
and Mrs. Dexter's song being "Who'U
Buy My Lavender," by Edward Ger
man. Miss Waterman and Miss Mabel
Hill were the accompanists.
TRIES TO> BURN HERSELF
TO DEATH IN .PRISON
Annie Larson. Arrested for Intoxi-"
cation, Sets Bedding; in Her
Cell AJlre.
•OAKLAND, Feb.' 3.— Annie Larson,
arrested for drunkenness, set fire to
tn*' blankets in her cell at the ; City
Prison to-niuht with Intent to commit
suicide. She was saved from \ being
burned to death by the prompt action
of Jailer Bert Henderson.
.The liquor-crazed woman was con
fined in one of the steel tanks with. a
small grated opening. She started the
fire from a wisp of paper lighted from
a gas jet. Odor of smoke attracted the
jailer, who ran to the cell and found
the half-stupefied prisoner near the
bedding that was ablaze. The woman
was dragged out "of harm's way and
the burning blapkets were drenched
with water. Because of her threats to
repeat the attempt to burn herself to
death -the woman was closely watched.
Alameda's Vital Statistics.
ALAMEDA, .Feb. 3. — According to
the report of Health Officer Stidham
twenty-nine deaths . Qccurred in this
city last month. In an estimated pop
ulation of 20.000 this represents a
monthly average of 1.45 and an an
nual average of 17,4 deaths per 1000
inhabitants. • "
Sons of Benjamin's. New Officers.
District Deputy Graiul Master H. L.
Springer, assisted by several of the
grand officers, has Installed the fol
lowing officers of the local lodges of
the Sons of Benjamin:
California Lodge— Kx-preaid-nt, I. C. Levey;
president. L. L. Langley; vice president, M.
KiJverctein; recording antl financial secretary
H. L. tsprinscr; tivaKurcr. B. Wacholdcr; con
ductor. M. Green; Inside guard, H. Bloom*
outside guard, A. Mendelsohn; trustees— H.
Ho?pnl)»>rx. I. Cchn and M. GcldKtone.
l'arlflc l/r»dge— Ex-prp*idtni. C. L. Scharf
president, H. Levy; vice president. M. Ucln
helTDcr; recording secretary. K. Bercl; finan
cial secretary. J. Label; treasurer. M. Marks;
condurtor. J. Jacobowiti; inside guard M
L-flenr: outside enard. H. Simon; trustees— j!
Levy, M. •Bloom and A. Monasco. ■
Golden Gate Lodge— Ex -president. Hon. F.
H. M'-rzbach; president. Hev. Hr. I. Meyers;
vice presidvnt. A. S. Fat«: recording secretary,
H. L. Arnheim; financial secretary. M. S.
Meyer: troaHurer. L. 7Aer: conductor. M. White
head; inside gunrd. J. Winner; outside guard.
J. .Jacobs: truMeis— J. Goldstein. \V. Uarron
en<3 V.\ Kamuf'l.
Chinese Women Claim listalc.
Chew Kim Fong, a nephew of the
late Chew Blng Quoin, petitioned the
Superior Court yesterday to remove
J. J. Cunningham as administrator of
his uncle's estate. He claims that he
should be removed, because without
first having obtained an order of court,
he allowed Lem Quoia, who claims to
be the widow of the deceased, to draw
upon the funds of the estate. Since
the alleged carelessness of Cunning
ham another woman claiming to be
the widow of the Chinese h«s appear
ed and h:is entered the courts with the
purpose of hav.ing the estate assigned
to her.
VALLEJO. Feb. .1 — EtRhty.-lx men were
laid off in the steam p.nsineeiiiu; department
on. Mare Uland to-day because o£ lack or
funds to carry on the work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
ROUTE OF WESTERN PACIFIC
IS NOW KNOWN TO PUBLIC
Line of Old Coal Road From Stockton to Tesla Will Be
Used and Depot Site in Livermore Is. Selected.
People of Haywards Uneasy Over Reported Changes
MAP SHOWING THE ROUTE OF THE NEW WESTERN PACIFIC RAILROAD THROUGH ALAMEDA COUNTY
TO TIDEWATER. THE ROAD WILL FIND ITS WAY THROUGH THE SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY OVER
THE ROAD EXTENDING FROM STOCKTON TO TESLA. x
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— Mr. and Mrs. J. N.
Pomeroy and Mr. and Mrs. Walter Gannon
will give a leap year party next Saturday
evening in honot of four prospective benedicts
and their fair fiancees. The men to be so com
plimented are George Lackey. Dr. Morey,
Charles Dunsmoor and Arnold Needham. The
young ladles whom they will eventually lead
to the altar are respectively Miss Geraldine
Scupham, Miss YVilhelmlne Koenig, Mies Net
tie Pievtns and Miss Edith Larkey. About
thirty-five euests have been invited and cards
will b e the order of the evening.
Mrs. Harry Klugel (nee Jennings) is bo*nK
considerably entertained. She was the guest
of honor at a tea Riven by Mrs. Charles
Allardt yesterday, and will be one of a trio
of comrlimented ones at an affair soon to bo
given' by Miss Eva Powell.
Mrs. Dudley Klnsell is planning another of
her very charming little card -parties in San
Leandro for the latter part of this moifth
in honor of Miss Geraldine ScupHfcm. She
will keep her guests to dinner and the party
will be joined tfy several gentlemen in the
evening.
Two events of considerable interest In the
social nnd musical world are being planned
for the near future. The first will be a piano
and song recital by Miss Margaret Davis (who
Is to be an April bride) and Miss Julia John
son, which will take place on the 19th .Jnst.
The second will be the. concert which will be
given on the 25th at the Presbyterian Church
by Miss Virginia de Fremery, organist, and
Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, soprano. It Js to
be an invitational affair.
The Utopien Club will give its third grand
hall on Wednesday, February '24. at Maple
Hall. The patronesses are Mrs. G. Samue.ls,
Mrs. George Mosbacher, Mrs. Henry Abra
hamfion. Mrs. Harriet Marks, Mrs. A. Jonas,
Mrs. Jultus Abrahamson, Mrs. M. Camp, Mrs.
Fred Bauer, Mrs. Gus Cohn, Mrs. M. Klein.
Dr. Havrrlce L.. Green will be floor manager
and the committee in charge Includes Dr.
Green, Fid Camp and Gene Weill.
Miss Frances Tappan, daughter of Judge
Tappan of Alamtda, haa Just returned /rom
an extended visit with relatives in .Shasta
County. She is now staying with Mrs. J. I.
Henderson at" the Hotel Crellin.
The muslcale for the" benefit of the Sick and
Needy Chapter of St. John's Church at Reed
Hall last Tuc-wlay evening was a brilliant
social and financial success. A laj-ge and
fashionable audience. In which were many
well-known society people, enjoyed :the excel
lent programme. The ladies of tho chapter
are greatly pleaeed with the result of their
work, the proceeds exceeding their e*pectatlons.
Those two popular 1 fun-makers, Kendall Fel
fows and George Walker, -gave- Bome of their
impersonations, which were much enjoyed.
The vocal solos by Mrs. Clara Stacy and the
cornet selections by Miss Klsle. Cahlll were
very good, and an attractive feature of the
programme 'was the playing of the Mandolin
Club, which, is composed of four society girls —
Misses Florence White, Evelyn Ellis, Cora
McCartney and Marlon Goodfellow — and their
leader. Professor Ferrer.
At the close of the programme dancing was
Indulged in and refreshments were served at
the lemonade booth, which was presided over
by Mrs. Beer and Mrs. Oliver.
Much credit Is duo the members of the chap
ter, which is composed of the following ladles:
Mr*. Gonzales. Mrs. Beer, Mrs. Oliver. | Miss
Sterett. Miss Jones, Miss Williams and Mrs.
Arrowsmith. The patronesses of the affair
were: Mrs. Frederic Eldredgo Mason. Mrs.
George H. Wheaton. Mre. .A L. White Mrs.
Frank L. Kendall. Mrs. Edward Barry. Mrs.
P. I* Wheeler Mrs. C. F. Farnham. Mrs. J.
C. Tucker.- » : "■ '
BERKELEY, "Feb. 3.— The Theta Chi Fra
ternity of the Berkeley High School Is prepar
ing to give a. dance on the evening of February
VI at the Tdwn and Gown Club.
The engugement Is announced of Percy Mc-
Donald, a. member ,o£. the class of '07 at the
University of 'California, and Miss Ide, a
daughter of the former president of the Philip
pine Commission. Mr. McDonald is now en
gaged in newspaper work In Manila, being
also one of the officials of the city. He is a
member of. the CM Psi' fraternity.
West Derkeley Lodge No. 21, Order of Her
mann Sons, will give the eighth annual
masquerade ball on the evening of February 13
at Fraternity Hall. Paul Nichelmann will be
the floor manager and Charles Penning his
assistant. The committee of arrangements
consists of W. A. Lauterbach. Herman Peters,
Henry Penning. F. E. Meyer, F. W. Burk
hardt, C. C. Kimpel. Joseph Lundt. C. Mai
barth W A. Harbart, F. L. Koch, F. N. Mai.
baum, Ofcrlstjap Hofr and Charles Lleberman.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk^ to-day: Manuel J. Ma
dronga, 30, Haywards, and Marie Lu
cas, 18, San Ramon; John W. Keenan,
37, Napa, and Mary. Schumacher, 23,
San Francisco. *■'.'>.
>w Law Finn Organized.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3: — Attorney W.
A. Dow, ex-City Attorney of Oakland,
has entered into partnership with H.
A. Powell of San Francisco, and the
firm will have its offices at 328 Mont
gomery street in that city. ..
Dog Poisoner at Work.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— A valuable dog
owned by Mrs. George, S. Wheaton, re
siding at 146 Lake street, is the latest
victim of an unknown miscreant, who
has been poisoning dogs in the Lake
side district. ■->.
Name Iteadins-Koom Curators.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3.— The Free Li
brary Trustees have appointed "Miss E.
A. Hlbbard and Kendall Fellows to be
curators of the Central free reading
room. - • •
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — The route of
the Western Pacific Railroad through
Alameda ' County has been settled.
More deeds have been filed and they
show the route and show by what line
the Western Pacific will find its way
from the San Joaquin Valley to tide
water on the Oakland side of the bay.
The Western Pacific will absorb the
coal road that extends from Stockton
to Tesla. The line of the franchises
secured by the company in Oakland
shows the route from the foot of Union
street along Third, into East Oakland
and along Twelfth street, from Thir
teenth to Twenty-third avenues. Re
cently deeds were filed that show
the route of the road from Dublin up
the Redwood Canyon, but the connect
ing links were not known until no»v.
ROUTE IS KNOWN. "
The route can now be definitely an
nounced. The line of the coal road
from Stockton to Tesla will be used
and a tunnel through Corral Hollow
Pass will be built. It- will .be about
7000 feet long. The line to Liverraore
is almost straight from the western
portal of the tunnel and the depot site
has already been secured in Livermore,
a little east of the depot of the South
ern . Pacific Company. . From Liver
more the line to Dublin will be almost
straight, following the line of the old
overland road from Stockton.
It was thought that tha road would
reach the western side of the hills,
through the Hay.wards Pasa into Hay
wards, but the town of Haywards will
be left upon the sidetrack. Before the
summit is reached in the Haywards
Pass the road will swing northward
through the old Redwood road and
along the banks of San Leandro Creek.
It will cross Crow Creek and Cull Creek
and will follow the line of one of the
oldest sections of Alameda County un
til the old Redwood Schoolhouse is
reached. From there the road will
swing westward and will cross the di
vide with a tunnel about 300 feet long
and drop down the western slope of
the Contra Costa hills, back of Laun
dry Farm. 1
TWO OPTION'S OUT. "
: This is the only point where the
rights of way have not been completed
and it is said that there are two op
tions out, one for the line now oper
ated by the Leona Heights branch of
the Oakland Transit Company and one
for an independent right of way. The
tunnel through the hills will be on the
Hewston place and the line swings
down the hillside through the Hews
ton place and several big tracts now
controlled by the Realty Syndicate
and into Fruitvale at the junction of
East Twelfth street and Fruitvale ave
nue, where the franchise from the city
of Oakland ends.
The people of Haywards and San
Leandro are disturbed over this sud
den change of the overland route, but
the statement Is made by those who
arefjiitertsted -in securing the rights
of way for the road that the people
of Haywards wanted S 80.000 for the
right of way through that city and
San Leandro wanted as much more,
and that the road was compelled to
abandon its plans in that direction and
go up the eastern side of the hills and
cross nearer Fruitvale.
The Oakland City Council has ob
jected to the slowness with which the
new road completed its work. Valu
able franchises wejje granted through
the city of Oakland and just enough
work was done upon these franchises
to hold them for a year. The City
Council has notified the new road that
it will have to begin its work in earn
est or steps will be taken to»revoke
the franchises. As yet no answer has
been received from the railroad. It is
generally believed that the amount
spent for rights of way in this county
is a guarantee that the road is going
to be built. • . "-- * .
Lectures on tlie Human Eye.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — Dr. McMurda
of San Francisco lectured last night
at St. Mary's College on the "Human
Eye," illustrating the workings of
that organ with a model. The lec
ture was the second of the series to
be given 'in the winter course and the
faculty has arranged for several more
to follow. ' .
FREE! FREE!
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
A BEAUTIFUIj SOUVENIR
. OF SAN FRANCISCO. ME-
;• TROPOLIS OF THE
WIXTERLESS
. LAND.
Free to Want Advertisers
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
In an envelope ready for mail-
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— Professor Elwood
Mead, head of the. bureau of agricultural sta
tions of the United States Department of
Agriculture, will leave Washington, on Feb
ruary 7 and arrive in Berkeley in time to give
a series of lectures, beginning with March 0
and continuing tm-ough to the end of the term.
The course will include lectures on the Irriga
tion systems of foreign countries. Professor
Mead anticipates that students In economics
will find these courses of Interest and will
endeavor to arrange his lecture hours to suit
the schedule of the' College of Commerce.
The tenth annual Carnot debate between
the University of California and Stanford
University teams will be held Friday night in
Harmon Gymnasium. Stanford will be repre
sented by H. A. Lewis. T. E. Roehr and F.
L. Sheriffs; California by Hart Greensfelder,
F. A. Mandel and J. P. Lucy, R. L. Me Wil
liams being the aubstltute. Stanford will go
Into the contest with some advantage, as
Lewis and Roehr were members of last year's
team, and- California's men are all new. The
general subject for rtebate Is "The French Ju
dicial System," but the specific question will.
not be announced until two hours before the,
debate begins. President .Wheeler will preside
The Judges' names have not yet been an
nounced.
The State Board of Education has given
diplomas to the. following named graduates
of the university: G.' L. Allen. A.. F.
Brown, Adrlenne Cerf G. E Dibble G B.
Edson. E. E. Ledgett E. D. McMillan. A.
E. Montieth. M. H. Powell, M. L. Sellender
and E. L. Shaw.
The freshman class has nominated the fol
lowing named for officers for the present
term: President. Eustace Pelxotto. Frank
McGlnness. W. C. Davis; secretary. Miss Eva
McCIuhan; treasurer. H. W. Darling, J. L.
Stewart; sergeant at .arms, H. F. Gray, T.
V. Reeves, Canvln Haffey and R. K. Estes.
The newly elected officers of the sophomore
class are the following. named: President W.
H. Hopkins; vice president. Miss M. H. Met
calf; second vice president. Miss Phoebe Bln
ney; secretary, Miss Kate O'Neill; treasurer,
G. M. Lander; auditing committee — W. A.
Newman. Arthur Coogan and Walter Hawley.
Professor William D. Armes of the English
department has corrected the misapprehensions
that prevailed in regard to an old sign on an
old building in Oakland by writing a letter
having Its history as the theme. The sign
reads. "C.ollege Hall." and it has been sup
posed all along that it was a relic of a
building where the university was born in
Oakland. This turns out to be a myth, for
the sign was only one that the owner of a
dance hall had painted, with an eye to busi
ness.- The sign will not be brought to Berke
ley and planted In the university with a great
deal of ceremony, aa was recently proposed.
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda County.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2.
Otto Best to Maria L. de Romo (wife of Ro
tnualdo Romo, lot on E line of Grove street.
65 N of Fortieth, N 60 by E 118, lots 4 and 5,
map resudbdivisicn Montgomery Tract, Oak-
Ian (reconied February 1, 1004); $10.
Elizabeth Merrill (wife of J. M.) to A. J.
Snyder, lot on N line of Laurel or Twenty-fifth
street. 220 W of Telegraph avenue, w 30 by N
100; also lot on N line of Laurel or Twenty
fifth • Btreet. 450 W of Telegraph avenue, W
30 by N 100, Oakland (recorded February 1,
1904); $10.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Laurel
or Twen'ty-nfth street and ■ Telegraph avenue,
W 220. N 100. W 30, N 100 to S line of Syca
more street, E 250, S 220, Oakland; also lot
on N line of Laurel or Twenty-flfth street. 480
XV of Telegraph avenue, W 32 by N 100. Oak
land: also lot on B line of Sycamore street,
D33:8 W of Telegraph avenue, W S3 by S 100,
Oakland (recorded February I, 1904); $10.
H. Moskowltz to Elle B. AUeroth. lot on
S line of Carlton street. 175 W of Calais. W 50
by S 132:0. lots 16 and 17, block 33, map of
resiibdivision of Smith's subdivision of Math
ews Tract, • Berkeley (recorded. February 1,
1904); $10.
Ferdinand Mler (widower) to Margaret Wel
don (femme Bole), lot on N line of Encinal
avenue (Flnce widened to SO), 200 E of Willow
street, E 25 by N 140, W % of lot 5 In W >6 of
block E, Pioneer Homestead Association, ex
cept S 10 for widening Encinal avenu?, Ala
meda (recorded February 1. 1904); $10.
Gideon F. and Kate T. Nlghtlnglll to Laura
E. Kelly, lot on N line of Albion street, 28:11*4
E from E line of Grove, E 30 by N 100. lands
formerly of Paul Schoen, etc.. part lots 4, fi
and «. Alden Tract, Oakland; $10.
W W. and R. E. Davis (wife) to J. P.
Munger lot on S line of Alcatraz avenue. 333:4
W of Occidental or Calais street. W 33:4 by S
129, being part lots 2 and 3, block A. Paradise
Park, Berkeley; $10.
Thcreea Han*mann (formerly Theresa Pe
trowsky) and Frederick Hansmann to Louis
D Reeb (single), lot on SW corner of Twen
ty-seventh (or Park) and West streets. S 85x
W 27 :<V portion of lots 12 to 15. block 2020.
map of Whltcher Tract 2. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County Land Comrany (corpora
tion) to Joseph C. Eaton, lot on K line cf Bou
levard 100 N of Twelfth street, E 131 N to
Intersection with E line of lot 25 and line par
allel with and 25 N of S line of lot 25. W
130 S 75, lot 24 and portion lot 25, map of
property of Alameda Land Company, East
Oakland; ?10. ■
Ruth B. Nickel (formerly Sunderland) and
Karl II Nickel to. Fred B. Taylor, lot on E
line of 'Bella Vista avenue, 131.60 N of East
Twenty-eighth street, NE on curve road 15."»,
alona E line of Bella Vista. 81.0. E 130. N
78 3 W 165. portion of lots 7 and S, block B,
map of Bella Vista Park, East Oakland: $10.
R H. Hoagland (widower), et al. to Edward
W Enrs. lot 45, map of Piedmont Tract, Oak
land Township; $2600.
Philip G. and Julia B. Galpln (wife) to
Carrie W. Woodworth (widow). SW corner
of lot R. University Terrace, said portion be
ing intersection of S line of lot 5 with E lino
of Prospect street, NE 125 by SE 40, portion
of N 40, lot 6. ■ map of University Terrace,
Berkeley; f 10. •
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Ralph W.
Glenn. ; lot, on SE line of ■. Peralta street. 50
SW of Jones, SW 50 by SE 125, portion of lots
7 i and R, " map of Gallndo Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. '
James and Jennie Clooney (wife) to Amos
Seaman. '' lot on W line of Chestnut street,
100:10 N of Twenty-flrBt. N 30 by NW 124,
portion of block C20,' Boardman's map, Oak
land; $10. ■ ■■ ' - . -3.
Fred-B. and Elizabeth H. Taylor to Shelby
F. Martin, lot on N line of Fourteenth street,
117:4% E of Brush, E 42:8V4 by N 103. Oak
land; $10. . -
. Oakland Paving Company to Arthur A'.
Dixon (single), lot on E line of Deakin street.
CHILDREN WILL
HELP THE FUND
Library Trustees Depend on
School Boys and Girls to
Furnish Money for Books
FINANCES RUNNING LOW
President Wheeler Consents
to Use of Open Air Theater
for Chorus of 3000 Voices
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center street, Feb. 3.
Berkeley is In such sore need of funds
Just now that it . cannot spare the
money. to buy books for the juvenile
department in the new Carnegie library,
but the children of Ihe schools, 3000
of them, are going: to raise the amount
needed with their voices. They will
literally sing for the money, and like
the sirens of old, no doubt, charm a
good pile of it into the consuming maw
of the city's treasure box. Best of all.
each child will have a sort of proprie
tary interest in the Juvenile department
he helped to found, for it will be his
voice that will have helped to buy the
books.
This concert of little voices is to be
given in the new Greek Theater at the
University of California on Friday
afternoon, February 25. President
Wheeler gave his consent to it to-day
to the board of library trustees and
wished them success. Practice for the
novel undertaking will begin at once
In all the schools. Assistance is prom
ised from two or three people interested
in music and a good deal of the work
will be taken off the teachers' hands.
The idea of giving the concert sprang
from the mind of School Superintendent
S. D. Waterman, who is also president
of- the library board. His suggestion
that the Greek Theater would be a good
place for it met with instant favor and
application was made at once to Presi
dent Wheeler with the happy result
stated.
"We need 5000 additional books for
the juvenile room," said Mr. Waterman
to-day, "and there isn't a cent to buy
them with. We ought to give a verv
successful concert with the children,
not only financially but artistically."
THREATENS SUIT OX
AL.VARADO WATER RIGHTS
Mayor Olney Notified Effort Will Be
Made to Cut Off Portion of
Oakland's Supply.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — E. H. Dyer of
Alvarado has notified Mayor Olney
that he purposes to bring suit against
the Contra Costa Water Company to
prevent further appropriation of wa
ter from the Alvarado artesian wells,
from which a portion of Oakland's
supply is derived. Dyer's letter fol
lows:
ALVARADO. February 1, 1904.
Hon. Warren Olney. Mayor of the city of
Oakland— Dear Sir: I see by the report of the
City Council's committee on water supply
that they have reported In favor of leasing
or buying the Contra Costa's water plant.
In view of the recent decision of the Su
preme Court In the Katz-Walklnshaw case
there seems to be no other available suriDly
lor your city. As the pumping plant at Al
varado, which furnishes ay large portion of
the water told to your Hty by the Contra
Costa Water ■ Company, W governed by this
tame decision, and as many of the wells ir.
the vicinity have been rendered almost use
less by the operation of the pumping plant.
I thought It proper to Inform you that it is the
Intention of the owners of these wells to take
legal steps to stop the further appropriation
of this water by said company. I am. yours
truly, E. H. DYER.
Butchers • Hold Annual Ball.
OAKLAND. Feb. 3. — Union No. 12
of the Butchers' Protective Association
held its first annual ball this evening
at Germania Hall, which was artistic
ally decorated for the event. Sixty
door and costume prizes were
awarded.
Following are the officers of the
union and the committees in charge
of the ball:
Henry Behrmann. president: U. P. Scanlan.
vice president; T. E. McGovern. recording and
corresponding .secretary: C. F. Schelthe. finan
cial secretary; W. Short, delegate Packers'
Trade Council; J. Thacker. guide; O. Felt,
sergeant at arms; J. Vincent, guide; W.
.Blethen. C. J. Vogel. J. Richardson, trustees.
Committees: Arrangements — Thomas Ford.
R. McQualde. W. Greenfield, It. McArthur
and J. Hofsas.
Reception — W. Rettlgr. T. Roueh. B. Bar
tells. H Bell, Paul Wuthe, A. Thomas, W.
Westphal, Joseph Mesphlou. R. Miller, George
Westphal. James Brown and H. Quand.
Floor manager— Dan Coakley.
Assistant floor managers — Otto Dehil,
George Lamman and Charles Korner.
Fair Surplus Goes to Charity.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — The Oakland
Street Fair and Carnival Association
has been- formally disbanded and the
board of directors li«»s airreed that the
surplus funds now In the hands of
Treasurer W. W. Landor. amounting
to about $900, shall b» distributed
among the following charitable or
ganizations: .The Ladies' Relief So
ciety, the Fred Finch Orphanage, the
Colored People's Home, St. Joseph's
Home, the Social- Settlement and the
German Ladies' Relief Society.
Leases School Property.
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— The Board of
Education last night veted to lease the
property on Center street, between Ox
ford street and Shattuck avenue, now
occupied by the Commercial School, to
Mrs. Flora M. Thomas for a period of
ten years at $1200 a year. The con
tract . requires the lessee to pay $400
toward the expense of removing the
school, to pay for the street improve
ments and any other assessments. The
lessee purposes to erect stores on the
site and rent them.
Mnrtincz Paper Changes Hands.
OAKLAND, Feb. S. — A. C. Una
worth has assumed the proprietorship
of the Martinez Daily Press, having
purchased the paper from w. A.
Rugg, who conducted It since its first
publication, two years ago.
51.00. S of Russell. S 50 by E 133, lot 8 block
C, Suburban Tract, Berkeley: • $10.
Elizabeth Piepenburgf to John Piepenburg.
lot beginning 141 W from intersection of N
line of Cherry street and W lfhe of Jpnes> ave
nue, N 150 - by W 50, lot 22. block 19, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
T. J. and Lulu J. Stanton to W. H. Well
bye, lot on E line of West street, 67.43 N from
Thirty-sixth. E 1C0.38 by S 2. part of lot 3.
block A, Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
- Bertha C." and Bellamy K. Said to Martin
Lnrsen. lot on N line of Ruena Vista avenue.
202.18 S of Fark street, E« by N 10O, lot
25. block G, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland: $1%
Edward A. Harris «by commissioner) to
Home Security Building and Loan Association,
lot on NW corner of . Second and Harrison
streets, N 05 by \V 74. portion lots 19 to 22.
block 16, Oakland: $2216.
• Home Security Loan Society (formerly Home
Security Building .and .Loan Association) to
Marcus Llcht, same, Oakland; $10.-
Martha A. McShane Langford to William
Simpson, lot in Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland Towns»hlp; $10.
A. W. and R. 8. Naylor (wife) to H. I.
Hamilton. S 45.25 of lot 68, block 2. Regent
street Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKIiANT>.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main *0?3«
BERKELEY.'
2148 Center Street. 1
Telephone Jforth 77. .- *J
AliAMEDA.'
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
SON CRUELLY
BEATS MOTHER
Refused- Money With Which
to Get More Liquor Drunken
Offspring Assaults His Parent
BRUTAL MAN IS ARRESTED
Full Penalty Under tlie Law
Imposed by Police Judge
Smith Upon the Offender
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 3.
Fred Wright, 27 years old* a cook,
became intoxicated last night and beat
and kicked his mother, Mrs. S. Wright,
because she refused to give him money
with which to continue his debauch.
The brutal son, lost to all sense of
manhood or of filial regard, was be
fore Police Judge Mortimer Smith this
morning, where the mother told the
story of her offspring's cowardly con
duct.
Wright went to his mother's rooms
at the Juanlta Hotel and was there
arrested, after he had finished his at
tacfc • • . .
"It is useless to comment on such a
case as tkis," declared- Judge Smith,
"Wright having pleaded guilty. 'The
court sentences ycyCk to six months* im
prisonment in the City Prison on the
battery charge and will fine you $100.
with the alternative of fifty days' Im
prisonment on the charge of drunken
ness."
His Honor had lmpose'd the maximum
punishment for the offenses and made
the City Prison the place of detention
in order that Wright shall not be able
to take advantage of the "credits" law,
that applies only to prisoners in coun
ty jails or In State penitentiaries. . .
Bid Not Guin Release.
OAKLAND. Feb. 3,— Christopher
Cole, a saloon-keeper of Berkeley,
failed to get his release from tho
County Jail this morning on the tech
nicality that there had been a mis
administration of justice in sentenc
ing him to the County ; Jail for the
violation of a town- ordinance. Judge
Hall denied his writ of. habeas corpus
on the ground . that . the ' charter of
the town <5f Berkeley specifically pro
vides that the Justice of the Petna
may send prisoners to the County
Jail. The Legislature has passed the
law granting Berkeley a charter sub
sequent to the opinion rendered by
the Supreme Court. "
Witness Did Not Appear.
OAKLAND. Feb. 3. — Notwithstand
ing the court order served upon her in
the bathroom .of her home at Berkeley
by a deputy sheriff, Mrs. Mary Ann
Lindblom, wife of the Alaska mil
lionaire, was not present in the office
of Notary Hiram Luttrell to-day to
give her deposition in a suit brought
against her by Mrs. Dr. Caro B. .Scho
field to, recover $5000 for professional
services. Instead a certificate signed
by Mrs. Undblom's physician. Dr. A.
Liliencrantz. was presented, which
paid that she was ill afe the Fabiola
Hospital. By consent the examination
was put over for one week.
Work Train Smashes Wagon.
BERKELEY, Feb. 3.— A team driven
by Dan C. Woolley, a fruit and vege
table dealer, was struck this afternoon
by a Santa Fe work train at Prince
and Lowell streets. Lorin. Woolley's
wagon was smashed into splinters, but
the driver and. his horse escaped un
injured. Woolley was driving across
the street and did not see the train In
time to clear the tracks and prevent
the collision.
Coroner Investijrate*.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — Charles Gor
ham, a clerk, residing at 866 Sixty
first street, died last night at his home.
Gorham had been in the hands of
Christian Science healers. . There was
no death certificate, therefore Coroner
Mehxmann took charge. An Inquest
will be held.
NEW ADVEBTISEME^TS.
vnvr scientific fbocsss.
A Preparation Discovered That Will J>e-
.;.,:. stroy the Dandruff Oerm. .
For some time it has been known that
dandruff is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp into little white flakes, and
by sapping the vitality of the hatr at the
root, causes falling hair, and, of course,
finally baldness. For years there have
beer* all kinds of hair stimulants and
scalp tonics on the market, but there has
been no permanent cure for dandruff un-
til the discovery of a preparation called
Newbro's Herpicide, which destroys the
dandruff germ. Destroy the cause, the
effect will cease to exist. Kill the dan-
druff germ and you'll have no dandruff,
no itehinsr scalp, no falling hair. Sold by
leading druppfsts. Send 10c In stamps
for sample to The Herpiclde Co.. Detroit.
Mich.
PIVOT TEETH
Inserted on broken-down /roots,
restoring the natural expression
to the face. Gold and porcelain
crowns made for cost of material.
Weekdays, 9 to 9; -Sundays,
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San Prancisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
San Jo«e — 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 J Street._ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EAT,~DRINK
AND BE ME&RY
A*^-^ __Jl___ * -~- ■-
IIIADE XAU
Cores JJyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Catarfh, Nervous-
ness add Sleeplessness.
Hakes o'.d folks feel young,
And youn? fclks feel strong.
Befralrs the stomach.
Feeds the nerves.
Vitalizes the' blood.. . .
\ it makes you- eat heartily.
It digests allyou 40 eat.
It puts cclcr >nto pale cheeks
And makes cce glad to live,.
You can't have the blues. . •
You can't ha*e Indigestion.
You can't hare sleepless nights.
You cant bte c a failure
If jaxx use Paw Paw. ..
Druggist w|il tell you they never
handled an article that sold so
rapidly and Trjs.de such remarkable
cures. . * ; "x
Price; $1.00 jarge bottje.
Paw Paw Pills. 25c a bottle.
At all Drug.ylsts.
MANSLAUGHTER
THEIR VERDICT
Jurors in'Jfoe 3lcKenzie Mtfr
der Case ; -F£n<l /he Defendant
. Gtiilty of Che Lesser Crime
f peclal D!spat*!t to The Call
jaiSCA. Feb. 3.— The trial of Cfiarles
Metenzle, accused of the murder of
Jofari EnhofT' p at Dunsmuir during "the
*ar:.y o hour* of December 1 last, was
< or.cfuded to-day* the- Jury after Jbeing
< ut in hour returning a verdict of man.
daughter, "with p. 'recommendation of
ra*»rcy. . .
. McKeheie testified that he. and En
hcff,°who were friends,' had been drink
tng'heaVjly and were goiiig'up the side
walk of. the main street. Enhoff a little
ahc&tf* when he saw a mah dodge be
hind a recess /of A a briek building and
ihon-pedr down the street. When they
jitrarjid the "man"; he sprang out and
struck e,t Enhoff, v.ho rolled against
McKcn^ie. McKenziaon first seeing the
;p,an' liad taken ou,t his pistol, and it
v. as accidentally discharged,, the bullet
t^kintJ effect In Enhoff's neck. McKen
7.ie went on %<f his fooro after«the shoot
itrj?Ji.tid was thcn-arrc^tQd a little later.
,T*i<? naan seen c ia the recess is sup
jwsed" to have. been, a dango^us char
acter .who twp days later committed
s>iiicjOe. ' . * .ft • '
iiu'i' Bros." ' A'ratolUn Roanst makes
friends whenever "«£ goes, they all like it*
Y." M. C. A. Banquet at San" Jose.
;SAN J«5SE. Feb. J.— Twp hundred
representative citizens of this city.
wei*e present at. # a banquet given by
the T6ung Men's Christian Associa
tion sVt tne Hotel Vendonie this even-
in;*. K. K. Johnston presided as toast
rn.-ijst.er. G. NV Bierce of Dayton,
<>hi«>, delivered the prinoloal address
of the evening. Bie*rce has been for
twenty-five years a. director of the
a)a?to'n'T. M. C\ A. D. Edward Col
lins. «-MHirman of the Stat* Y. M. C. A.
committee, and Cecil L. Gates, an in-
!•'£«. atlci;«u :»«-• reict.1 >' <..! n.ttHtlttt£ '•«..
also sj>oke. Short speeches were made
by Lester L. Jlofse, William G. Alex
ander and Rev. Thornton • A. Mills.
. -. : 'ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears 1 soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
Sold all orer the world.
I JUST PURE BEEF j
"lUEBIG I
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
?» Genuine with f^_ir^-_j/*\ I
~ Mae signature : j/*~" fc "*'^'^^^f I
— : ;
Msssmsmmm
CLALLAM CASE
IS SUBMITTED
MaMne Inspectors Conclude
the Investigation Into the
Loss of Ill-Fated Steamer
CAPTAIN ON THE STAND
Owing to Mass of Testimony
Taken, a Decision Will Not
Be Given for Several Weeks
SEATTLE, Feb. 3.— Captain George
Roberts, master of the Clallam, again
occupied the witness chair to-day dur
ing the steamship disaster inquiry and
his testimony closed the Investigation.
It was the first and only time he was
recalled. He held to his original story
throughout, despite the cross-question
ing of the marine inspectors and Chief
Engineer de Launay. In the course of
his testimony Captain Roberts flatly
contradicted the evidence of Henry
Jensen, a deckhand of the Clallam, to
the effect that the latter had delivered
a message to him from De Launay re
specting the condition of affairs in. the
engineer's department, and especially
regarding the broken deadlight.
The investigation closed after eight
days of testimony taking. While a
transcript has already been made of
much of the testimony, the Inspectors
will probably not be able to review it
and render their decision for ten days
or two wer»ks.
Captain Roberts was questioned after
telling his story again by Chief En
gineer de Launay. De Launay wanted
to know of Captain Roberts how he
knew or the condition of the pumps,
and Roberts replied: "You told me the
pumps choked up."
Roberts declared, answering De Lau
nay on the question of the efficiency
oZ the ' Clallam's rudder, that the
"vessel steered as well as she ever
did." Having asked Captain Robert*
various questions respecting the rud
der, and having received unsatisfac
tory replies, De. Launay, addressing
the captain, said: "It is very evident,
Captain Roberts, that these gentlemen
w<ll hold me responsible for this acci
dent."
"I object to any conclusions you
have." Inspector Whitney interposed,
but De Launay continued, "I am posi
tive. Captain Roberts, that no man
will ever convince you that t l was re
sponsible."
Captain Roberts declared that in
giving his testimony he had told noth
ing but the truth, to which De Launay
answered: 'I hope you have a clear
conscience."
"I have," replied Roberts. "I was
taught from childhood to tell the
truth."
STEAMSHIP AND SCHOONER
REPRESENTATIVES CONFER
Owners of Rival Transportation Com
panies Hope to Effect a Satisfac
tory Compromise To-Day.
Robert Dollar and William J. Wood
side, representing the steam schooner
interests; Manager Pierce, the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company; E. O. Mc-
CormJck. the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and a representative of Wells,
Fargo & Co., met in the offices of the
Jatter company yesterday afternoon to
further deliberate over the proposed
compromise of the existing difficulties
between the schooner owners ana" the
steamship company growing out oJ
their competition in coast passenger
traffic. Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick was present somewhat
as a moderator, for E. H. Harriman
iias decreed that the fight between the
schooner owners and the steamship
company shall not be carried to a
point where it will jeopardize the lum
ber interests of the coast. As a result
of the railroad company's threats to
enter the fight in the event of hostili
ties being carried too far, the contend
ing parties have both suggested meas
ures'for a compromise and it is expect
ed that they will arrive at some satis
factory, arrangement to-day whereby
the threatened cut in passenger prices
and the tariff on lumber shipments
will be avoided.
Thief Rifles Register.
A thief rifled the cash register of the
Windsor Hotel on Market street yes
terday morning shortly after 4 o'clock
and secured $9 45 in cash and three
valuable diamond rings. The method
employed was a particularly bold one.
Tuesday afternoon a man giving the
name of Frank. Ree.d rented a room
from the clerk and said he would re
turn later. About 4 o'clock- yesterday
morning he put in an appearance and
asked to be shown to his room. The
night clerk. P. Shorten, although
somewhat suspicious of the fellow
from his general appearance, went to
the room with him. Upon lighting the
gas it was found that the tip was out
and they returned to the office to se
cure another one. Reed stepped out
side ■ and disappeared down Market
street. Shorten upon going to the
register a few minutes later discovered
that' during his absence Reed's con
federate had been busy with the cash
register. "
Fall to Keep Agreement.
Th* Cloakmakcrs* Union complains
that the Cloak Manufacturing Associa
tion deliberately broke the agreement
entered into between them last Satur
day and which was to have gone into
force yesterday by violating clause one
In the new compact. Clause one reads
to the effect that all non-union workers
were to be dismissed" by the cloak man
ufacturers and were not to be rein
stated until they had joined the union,
No. 8. This part of the agreement was
not kept, hence "the complaint.
The oyster workers* strike which took
place oh Monday came to a sudden Btop
yesterday, when peace was declared be
tween the Moraghan Company and the
men who quit work. It is claimed the
union men won their fight with honors.
Give Farewell Dinner.
W. W. Kaufman, law partner of
Collector Stratton, and Joseph A.
Sheldon, secretary of the Mark Shel
don Company, gave their farewell
bachelor dinner last night at a down
lown restaurant. Mr. Kaufman will
be married V>n February 16, and Mr.
Sheldon on March 17. Among those
present were Edgar Painter, Philip
Bolger. W. J. Batchelder, C. S. Far
quhar. Frank Sheldon, Dr. Philip
Mills Jcnes, A. T. Dobson, L. Edmond
Stover, Dr. C. D. McGettigan. Frank
Chapin, Dr. A. P. O'Brien, Dan Han-
Ion, Dr. J. D. Hodgen, Howard Bleth
en. Paul Cowles and John J. Harrison.
Follows I/over.to the Grave.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Feb. 3. — Miss
Nora Veal, daughter of a prominent
local miller, shot herself to-day after
viewing the body of Ellis Kinkead,
who committed suicide on ' Monday.
They were engaged to be married.
Kinkead killed himself because she
accompanied another man to the
theater.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 4. 1904, N
UNTRAINED MISSOURIAN
FALLS TO A DICE GAME
Complains to Police of Loss of $100 and Noted
Criminal Is Taken Into Custody— Ministers Ap
pear to Testify Against Alleged Cruel Driver
John X-undgrin is the original "K.
C. Kid," who has the temerity to ad
mit that Missouri is his birthplace.
When he climbed over the rail fence
of his native hemp patch and conclud
ed to seek adventure it became, nec
essary to put his trunk aboard a train
through a cattle chute for fear he
would stampede. Then he went from
bad to worse, until he finally became
a resident of Kansas City.
Recently he reformed and made a
trip to San Francisco. Here he fell
into the hands of friends. Two men
met him on Mission street and treated
him in a princely manner. They
bought him beakers of foaming steam
beer for three days and finally to ce
ment their friendship they gave him
an opportunity to win their money
on January 23 last in the saloon of
Tom Sawyer at 935 Mission street.
All he had to do was to count the
spots on the tops of five dice and
make a wager whether or not the
spots on the bottom of the dice ex
ceeded his count. He waa given
either end of the proposition he want
ed.. The only trouble he had was with
the limit. When he guessed right
only a small amount was wagered,
but when he was wrong there was no
limit to the amount he was allowed to
bet. It was the old "top and bottom
game." which has been in existence
since the first Babylonian framed two
dice from the tooth of a dlnosaurus
and skinned his trusting friend out
»f an ichthyosaurus overcoat. Alto
gether Lundgrin was loser to the
amount of 5100.
P. F. Sullivan and John Reynolds
were arrested Tuesday night by De
tectives Ryan and Taylor for bunko
ing Lundgriri and the two defendants
were before Judge Fritz yesterday.
The complaining witness was "not in
court, but it was shown by Arthur
Mack, attorney for Reynolds, that
Lundgrin was positive that Reynolds
was not one of the men who shook
dice with him. Accordingly Reynolds
was released on the nominal ball of
$5. Sullivan waa held in • bonds of
$1000. T<
Sullivan is JMe man who stabbed
and killed Charles Barr, a well-known
commercial traveler, in front of the
bar of -the old Baldwin Hotel on July
13, 1895. The crime created an im
mense sensation In the city at the
time. He was convicted of man
slaughter and sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment in San Quentln. Before
that he had served a term in Colorado
for a similar offense.- . \
Church dignitaries mingled with the
scum of the police courts before Judge
Conlan yesterday during the trial of
E. D. Fie'l, who was accused of cru
elty, to animals.. The complaining
witnesses were Rev. S. H. Wingfield
Digby. whose card proclaims him as
of Chnist Church, Oxford, and Rev.
Charles Bruce. Both of the clergy
men are connected with the Seamen's
Institute at 33 Steuart street.
Last Thursday they were out driv
ing and claim to have seen Fiel give
an unmerciful beating to a horse he
was driving-. They said he struck
him with a scantling: eight feet long
that raised welts. on the animal's body
which were as conspicuous as a re
spectable man on the Barbary Coast.
Fiel claimed he merely hit the
horse with an ordinary lath and that
there were no bruises on the animal.
He was corroborated by several wit
nesses. The testimony was so con
flicting that the Judge took the case
under advisement until Saturday. '
Michael Kenny, a recent arrival from
Michigan, was saved from the wolves
by Detective Regan Tuesday night.
Imbedded in his pockets was a fat roll
of greenbacks and these he displayed
lavishly in a saloon at Third and Mis
sion streets while doing a continuous
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I [| Thursday, 4 Feb.. 1004. j¥|
A desk for
your stenographer
8 The picture shows the
desk open with the type-
writer in position for use.
When closed a ?brpad pol-
ished writing surface comes
into place. There are four
drawers, which lock auto-
rnatically, and a slide board
to rest the note book on.
Width, 38 inches; depth, 31
inches. In rich quarter-
sawed oak at $25.00, or in
mahogany at $30.00.
A plain flat top desk in
golden oak, measuring 42
inches wide, for $12.56.
An office table, in golden
finislj, with top 27 by 42
inches, and drawer, for
$5-5o- ..
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union Square :■",;
performance of asking the assembled
bums up to the bar for "just one
more."
When he laid a greenback down on
the bar in payment one of his newly
made friends would gather up. the
change and hand it to him. With qau
tion born of long experience he would
slip the silver into the waistband of his
drawers and thence it would progress
safely to his shoes. He wasn't count
ing the change, : but he kept a : keen
outlook on his shoes.
Regan heard about the good thing
and dropped Into the saloon casually.
He saw Kenny, put up a $5 bill for
nine beers and a man named Charles
McCarthy carefully gathered up the
change. Regan stopped the deal for
a minute until he had ascertained that
McCarthy, in the o role of paying teller,
had held out Jl 50. Then he arrested
him for petty larceny.
McCarthy told Judge Mogan yes
terday that Kenny wds an old friend of
his and voluntary gave- him the
money to pay .his passage to Fairfax.
Then the deluge came for McCarthy.
Kenny had been arrested for drunken
ness and was still in the City Prison.
He was escorted down to the court
room and testified that he had never
seen McCarthy before and" never had
given him money voluntarily.
McCarthy was found guilty and his
next journey will not be to Fairfax,
but out to a resort nor' nor' by west,
where bad men are sequestered.
Herman Hohn, in distress at the
grief of an aged mother, has placed
himself in a distressful state. He
conducts a grocery at 1301 Buchanan
street and cashed a check for Henry
Brannan for the amount of $75. The
check purported to be signed by Paul
Jones and was drawn on the First Na
tional Bank of Reno^Nev. A telegram
from the bank disclosed the fact that
Paul Jones was a mythical person.
Hohn swore out a warrant against
Brannan for felony embezzlement.
When the newspapers published the
fact that Brannan had been arrested
Hohn received word from the de
fendant's mother that she would pay
the amount of the check. In consid
eration of $75 he surrendered all the
documentary evidence in the case and
yesterday was in Judge Mogan's court
to state that he-did not desire any fur
ther prosecution. *
When he was questioned concerning
the check he admitted having given it
to an 84-year-old -woman, who wished
to save her boy from the penitentiary.
He was told by the Judge that he had
put himself in the way of committing
a grave offense in the matter of com
pounding a felony, but no further ac
tion was taken. The fact that ti
mother's tears had influenced him to
dispose of the evidence was taken
into consideration. Brannan's case
was continued until February 5 for
further investigation.
Samuel Bowers went into a restau
rant at 211 Sixth" s\reet Tuesday night
and ordered "ham and — .". There was
a conspicuous sign on the wall an
nouncing that "ham and—" was as
sessed at 15 cents. Bowers wanted to
pay only 10 cents after he had finished
his repast. The proprietor took a long,
premeditated swing at Bowers' eye and
knocked him out into the middle of the
street. Then Bowers walked up and
down in front of theplace, crying "Un
fair house" and. other things that may
not go into print. A policeman came
along and took 'Bowers into custody.
In view of the fact that Bowers had
spent one night in jail, had a black
eye and had really eaten those eggs
along with the ham, he was given his
liberty with a warning never again to
indulge his appetite beyond his means.
Attorney Archie Campbell pleaded
guilty to petty larceny before Judge
Mogan yesterday on behalf of his client,
Lillle Langtry, who has dropped out of
sight of the police until the harvest
days are over in her case. She was
originally accused of grand larceny, but
the prosecuting witness, John Muller
by name, admitted that the money he
alleged was taken from him was
promptly returned at his demand, even
before he called in the police to prose
cute- the case. A fine of $25 was as
sessed, and Miss Langtry may now re
turn to the city and resume her career.
Peter Pretonious, George Batsakis,
Peter Pelonious and John Conecols
were fined $5 each by Judge Mogan
yesterday for obstructing the streets
with their push carts, from which they
vend original Grecian candy" made from
the honey of Hymettus. Several wom
en complained . that they tore their
gowns in trying to sidestep the names
of trie defendants while crossing the
street In front of the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. Sarah Rogers, widow of the well
known Hcuor dealer, "Duxie" Rosen
baum, and herself something of a lime
light figure in the giddy whirl of city life,
was before Judge Conlan yesterday on a'
charge of subornation of perjury. The
complaining witness is Marie Faulk
ner of 222 Mason street, who claims
that Mrs. Rogers attempted to bribe
her into giving false testimony. The
suit is the outcome of battery charges
brought by Mrs. Rogers against George
and Edward Marshall, two racetrack
men. The case was continued for one
week bv consent of both sides. ,
Oscar ' Johnson stol^ carpenter tools
asah occupation and yesterday he was
given one year in ihe County Jail by
Judge Conlan. , The Judge stated that
a thief who. would deprive an honest
man of means to earn his living de
served no clemency. ; ■ :<-. ■:-:.:.:-\. .\
FARNHAM' MAKES. DAMAGING
ADMISSIONS BEFORE SLOSS
The suit of former Public Adminis
trator John Farnham to oust from of
fice M. J. Hynes, his successor, was
given a hearing by Judge Sloss yester
day. The~evidence given by Farnham.
the first; withness examined, showed
that he had been just as neglectful as
Hynes and had not been even as
prompt as the latter in filing his bond.
He said that lie did not file his cer
tificate : of election until January 2.
1902, and that he did not file his bond
until fourteen days later. : He also tes
tified that he simply brought hi* oath
of office to the office of the County
Clerk and had it marked .filed and
then look it; to the Auditor's office and
left It there, thus showing that It had
really never been filed with the County
Clerk, as the law provides that It must
be left with that official. I
Farnham's evidence was also a body
blow to his : suit, as it was simply, an
admittance that. he had done the very
things he claims, should disqualify
Hynes. The other evidence taken at
the hearing -was also against Farnham.
particularly- that - of . Peter J. McCor
mick, Chief Deputy Coroner. The lat
ter testified that from January 8 to
January S 27 . no representative of Farn
ham had called at the Morgue to claim
the property of deceased persons, but
that Hynes had been | there every day.
McCormick's evidence was offered for
the purpose of sustaining Hynes* con
tention -, that ; Farnham had abandoned
the office" of: Public 'Administrator. '
DEATH ENDS
COLORADAN'S
EVENTFUL LIFE
DENVER, Feb. 3.— William Arthur
Hamlll, one of the most prominent fig
ures In Colorado political history, died
at St. Joseph's_Hospital this morning
of bloot!" poisoning. He was born in
England and was about 70 years of
age. After the Civil War. in -which he
took part as a Union soldier, he came
to Colorado and engaged in mining.
He soon became widely known as one
of the foremost- mining superintendents
in the entire West. He was a busi
ness partner and an intimate friend
of the late United States Senator Je
rome B. Chaffee.
Hamill never held any office except
that- of State Senator, but wa$ a long
time the recognized leader of ihe Re
publican party in. Colorado, serving -as
State, chairman and National Commit
teeman.
FAMOUS SOLDIER DEAD.
Captain Major of Califor
nin's First Cavalry, Expires.
BERKELEY.- Feb! 3.— Captain Wil
liam McCleave, U. S. A., retired, passed
away to-night at his home. 1515 Walnut
street, at the ripe age, of 81 years.
Captain McCleave was born in the
north of Ireland of Scotch-Irish par
ents, came to tfie Unjted States to
make his future and to California
during the gold days to make h!s for
tune. When the war between the
States broke out he remained .true to
his adopted country and was the or
ganizer of the First California Volun
teer Cavalry. That cavalry regiment
was not a complete organization and
he took it into the war with a major's
commission. Later the contingent be
came a complete regiment and he
was made its colonel and' served in
Texas with it.
When the Civil War closed he en
tered the regular army and was in the
Eighth Cavalry as a captain, In which
organization Lieutenant General S. B.
M. Young and Lieutenant General
Adna R.' Chaffee were both captains
with him. He served on the frontier
with General Miles and the famous
Kit Carson and made an honorable
reputation for himself. He was
wounded In several' Indian campaigns
and in 1879 retired with the rank of
captain.
The deceased leaves a family, every
male member «of which except one is
in the United States army, "the one ex
ception being Dr. Thomas McCleave of
Berkeley. The others are Captain
Robert McCleave, Lieutenant Edward
McCleave and Private William Mc-
Cleave. His widow, Mary Cook
McCleaye. and one daughter. An
nie McCleave. also survive him.
The funenal will take place on Friday
morning at 11 o'clock from the home
under the auspices of Berkeley Lodge
of Masons, Lookout Mountain Post G.
A. R. and the Loyal Legion, of all of
which he was a member. Interment
will be in the national cemetery at the
Presidio."
Herbert Iiundl>erjr Killed.
Information has been received in
this city of the sudden death by acci
dent In New York of Herbert Lund
berg. While attempting to board a
moving train he fell and was instantly
cut in two by the wheels. The de
ceased was well known in San Fran
cisco, where he spent his boyhood, and
was a brother of Misses Selma and
Minnie Lundberg.
Death of a Pioneer Lawyer.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 3. — William
G. Murphy, a pioneer lawyer of this
cltju died here this afternoon at the
age of 68 years. Murphy was a mem
ber of the famous Donner party and
for years was prominent in local po
litical affairs.
Ernest E. Hunt Dead.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — Ernest E.
Hunt, aged 40 years, died this morn
ing at his home on Fruitvale avenue,
near School street. . Deceased was a
collector for the Contra Costa Wa-
sB9 _^v#5r R^^^Mm BbBB k3 * y^T^ dmV^Xl?E Xffitth^ ______t^ MlHj JBtjfcM £fR^ StimBfl
MlSsHE^^SiO^^'cMlCAOQ. j <?UTHHARl^^«. AVB -CMfCA'ftO. 1 MABEL M°^'^3 PA^^Ch.C***
tW&l TKREC WILL KNOWN YOUNG LADIES WHO ABE RECEIVING WOMOERFUU i V^ "7/
I) |{ \ - • RESULTS FROM TMS TUBE OF DANDCRINC. \A U
}/ «IOWX.TOWDAHDBMK«Ce.,CM"e0kia • i* CUetfa, itn.ta.tm. 1
j> >'• - Dear 6ln i—Two of a? gbi (rinds tod nysclf bra been cilaff jrwr" Dta&rtse for trim! bobO*. . Wit til commenced uteg II I
If ; - i«»Mtu;>enn!etln*. and w; tre •et!=g wtlch o( «i c«a ettr» th« toe^e* hair. For • raout* we uaci It oa* ■ day. «ftert?)it Iwfc* V, I
II ■ Ibrrc tl&ci a week. All »f oar fcalr 1* each thicker tfcan tl waa. aad dec It fully •eveat«ca iaehca toujtr. It accma t*» bnpf It frt* . J
\V . . Oc f tatcr tt gffrwa. Am *e aalag It to Ux »W| be* adTaptaa* > . Kladly aaawtr at o«<»« _R___Jtti , /H ***£*£• SI So. *M Ay%_, V
, here show photographs of three young ladies who are having a hair-growing race, the loa»r to pay for al
. the tonic used. There is also another agreement entering into the wager (upon which we are not fully isforzaedh
concerning matrimony. We will try and show their photographs again when the contest is closed. .
Neariy Every LaeSy in fhs Gity of Chicago Uses Danderiuo
And if you wilMobk at the wealth of luxuriant and beautiful hair exhibited in the above photographs you will see th*
reason for it. It is the only remedy ever discovered that will make hair ffrow and «top it from falling" ont (we baclc
that statement with Piva Thoxuand Dollars). Chicago. St. Louis. Kansas City. New J^rk and Boston dealers are now
buying It by the car load in order to supply the tremendous demand, which its unbounded merit has created- Pretty
«nia«taatial. proof of merit. i« it not? Be sure .you get the genuine, made only by the Knowlton Danderino Co..
Ch Cag irOW at all druggists in three sizes. 25o," 5Oc and $1.OO per bottle. "
FREE «nv 4 o^w8S7.AM^
1 **■■-**-* _ name and address and 10 cents in silver or stamps to pay postage.
, f^ ADyEBTISEM'ENTSL _^___
prices; still
LOWER
The fifth week of the most remark-
able -shoe sale ever held cin Sari' Fran- — "■" ■ ■^™"^~
cisco. " Remarkable because the prices
mm ._________ m^ atl __ l^_ mmttm have been so low that the Deoplc _________ mm _ ttimmmmmmmm m
have .come in throngs — not onlv from
the city, but from all thesurroundinj;
—^ — — — towns, and carried thenVawav three — — ■—
• or four pairs at a time.
$60,000 Worth Sold in Four Weeks
$140,000 Worth More to Sell
And to hurry them out we are making this
* the banner week of the sale for bargains.
i . '• > t
YOUTHS' AND BOYS' CHILDS' AND MISSES'
Solid School Shoes as low as Box Calf or Vici Kid School Shoe*. *
OOc and $1.00 .3 pair. . sewed soles, stitched edees. 8Oc,
All sizes. OOc and ?1.OO a pair. All sizes.
HIGH GRADE SHOES FOR MEN AND WOMEN
AT SPECIAL BARGAIN PRICES
ALL SIZES— ALL WIDTHS.
SHORT LINES of $5.00. $6.00 and $7.00 Shoes on the bareain
Counters this week for rM)c. 75c ;?nd $*«OO a pair.
P. F. Nolan, President of Nolan Bros. Shoe Co., is retiring from business
f^VE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN BROS.
ter Company. • He leaves a wife a,?d
seven children.
Labor Member of Parliament Dies.
LONDON, Feb. 3. — Benjamin Pick
ard, president of the Miners' Federa
tion of Great Britain and Liberal
member of Parliament for Normanto^.
died to-day of heart disease, aged *ri
years. " (•
BOTH PARTIES NAME
THEIR CITY TICKETS
Republicans and Democrats of Val
lejo Meet and Nominate Candi
dates for Public Offices.
VALLEJO, Feb. S. — The Democrats
here nominated the following city
ticket:
Mayor. P. B. Lynch; CUy Clerk. "W. J. Tor
ino ; Auditor, *C. E. Phelan: City Attorney,
J. A. Lamont; Treasurer. W. T. Kelley;
Commissioner of Public 'Works. . J. L» Burke:
City Trustees, O. S.' Cooper and J. J. McDon
ald: School Directors. J. R. Whltaker and J.
J. Tinelll; Library- Trustees. J. H. Diamond
and G. P. Dunphy.
The following is the Republican
ticket:
Mayor. James Roney: Auditor. G. D. HIl
dreth: City Attorney. II. D. Gil!; Treasurer.
G. H. Warford: Commissioner of Public
Works. J. H. TUoreson; City Trustees, R. O.
Pierce and J. M. Tregaskis; School Directors.
C C Greenwood and W. II. Mitchell: Library
Trustees, A. S. Halliday and G. F. Harris. J
The excessively polite nviji Is apt to
develop into a nuisance.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HIGHWAYMAN" HOBS 3IINERS
OF THEIR 3IO>'TH*S WAGES
Holds Up Ten Men a Short Distance
Out Froin Chinese Camp a*nd
Secures About S200.
* CHINESE CAMP. Feb. 2. — About 9
o'clock last night ten miners who
were returning from this place aft-.T
receiving their rnQnth's pay were
startled by a command to -halt, when
they were about a mile from town.
They promptly obeyed the command
when they saw the glistening barrel of
a six-shooter in the hands of a high
wayman. He ordered them to pro
duce their coin and they all complied
with the exception of a young Slavo
nian, who made a dash down the hill.
The robber fired three shots after him
without effect. It being moon'ight.
the men gave a good description of
the robber to the Sheriff and his early
apprehension is expected. He se
cured about $200 from the ialners.
San Jose to Have a New Theater.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 3. — San Jose is to
haSs a new theater. It will be located
on First street, between San Antonio
and San Fernando, and will be con
ducted by, the Novelty Theater Com
pany of San Francisco. Plans arc
now being drawn for the theater and
construction will commence at once.
Sidney Gra c amann will be manager of
the new playhouse.
56
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Speculation
BT J^HX HILL JR
M-rr.hT of Chicrr* Board of Tra<2f: I.'aSer
in Net : or.al Cruf.ad« Against • < D-J"ket
rixjV:; Author o? "<>:M Bricks <vf Spec-
uiation ■')
• Copyright. ISrt4, by Joseph B. Howies )
Sp^ulati^n in the minds of many is
gambling. It is frequently said of men
uhi ?n?rulat<» On t ne Board of Trade
or St<rk Exchange that "th^y gam
ble," of that "they are garr»b!«?rs." In
other words, the public has fallon into
the idea that sp^ulatiin and gambJtng
are synonyrr.our. But l^t us rovers-?
the proposition. Whoever h<»ard it
charged that a man who visited a. pool-;
room or a faro hante. or who •«at in"
a poker gamp, did *••> for the purpose
of speculating. So the two words
"{rambling" and "speculation" are not
synonymous, for they cannot be used
intrrrhanp^ably. '.
Speculation is a necessity. In proof
of This statement I refer tb»» reader to
the report of what was known as the
industrial commission, appointed by
Congress in 1SSS. This commission la
bored for three years. Its first chair
man was the late Senator Kyle of
South Dakota, who was originally a
strong granger and Populist, and as
such opposed to speculation in farm
products. After a thoi^ugh investiga
tion a report was adopted and con
curred in by every member bf the com
mission, which unreservedly took the
pround that th<? grain speculator ren
dered almost indispensable services to
the farmer in the distribution of crops.
Somebody, the report stated, must
take the speculative risks of changes
in the market between the time when
the crops are harvested and the time
when they are used b;.- the consumer.
The farmer might store his grain him
gelf, but he would have to Insure it
and take the chances of loss in various
forms. This ould require more cap
ital than he possesses, and if he were
to borrow for this haphazard purpose
be -would have to pay higher interest
than before. For similar reasons the
« nsumer cannot store the grain in
large quantities and keep it until he is
ready to use it.
The result is that a separate class
of experts has been developed who
make it their business to store the
crops and take the chances of loss
and gain involved In that calling. In
other words, the speculators of the
corn and wheat pits are the dis
tributers of the nation's farm pro
ducts. The commission found that
these men did the work on a closer
margin. of cost than the farmer could
do it. Thus the producer gets bet
ter prices and the consumer gets
cheaper bread than if there were no
professional speculators. Intense com
petition among the dealers themselves
lends constantly to cut down their
own profits and to bring the producer
and the consumer closer together. The
dealers are forced constantly to seek
to reduce the risks of their business,
xvhile the mails and the telegraph en
able the farmer to keep informed as
to the latest conditions of «he market.
The grower can convert his crop
quickly into cash capital and turn his
attention to preparing for the next
crop, leaving the speculators to attend
to the risks and worries of distribu
tion.
Before future delivery trading, as
now practiced on the various boards
of trade was established, every coun
try grain dealer was a speculator in
cash grain and had to contend with all
the uncertainties of the markets. To
day he can work on an assured margin
of profit by making sales for future
delivery. To illustrate: A dealer in
Iowa buys 10,000 bushels of ear corn
in January of farmers and store it in
his own crib. It will be spring be
fore 't is fit to shell and ship, but the
dealer orders the commission mer
chant on the Chicago Board of Trade
Co Bell 10,000 bushels of corn for May
delivery. Thus he has secured his
I roflt, although he does not have to
deliver the corn in Chicago for five
months?, the length of time it will
take to cure. The dealer has made
what the. public would call a specula
tive transaction, but he is certainly
not a speculator. For' has he not
eliminated the risk of changes which
would possibly occur within the five
months? In the same 'way millers
and grain dealers throughout the world
trade in "futures" in Chicago in order
to avoid speculating in their business.
Ccnfusjon reigns fo generally in
court .decisions and the minds of the
public, and the press that one cannot
but reach the conclusion that there
has been a lack of intelligent investi
gation, and education as to the func
tions of speculation. Take, for in
stance, a case where one sees a chance
to make a profitable deal on a corner
lot. He does not buy the property out
right, but puts up a sura of money
which gives him the option of buying
it at a certain price, say in sixty days. A
week later he has an opportunity to
sell the lot for u larger sum than he
agreed to pay for it, and he does so,
niakins a profit on the transaction be
fore his'option matures. His transac
tion is just as much of a- speculative
character as the tfuying and selling of
grain and Ptocks on margins, yet who
ever thinks of branding the man who
speculates in real estate as a gambler?
fie is generally regarded as a benefac
tor, for by carrying a part of the "sur
plus area" hi? helps to increase the
value of the balance of thn !;md in his
rity, township or village.
A speculator on the Board of Trade
or Stock Exchange performs exactly
the same functions If he is a buyer of
farm products or securities. He re
lieves the market of lhe pressure of
whatsoever he may buy and thus aids
in preventing depression in values, and
yet if a. man with 510,000. put up as
margins, buys 100.000 bushels of
wheat, thereby providing a market for
this product of the farm, he is
"dubbed" a gambler, while in fact he
is performing the same service as the
land speculator.
Magnetism.
ET MALCOLM Mo DO WELL.
(Autfccr of •'Shop Talk en the Wonders of the
Crafts.")
tOpyr'ght, I5»O4. by Joseph B. BowleM
Radio-activity is a scientific term
of elastic interpretation which has been
sadly overworked lately. Whenever
radium, uranium or thorium has been
mentioned, and they all have figured
largely in print recently, it is pretty
certain that "radio-activity" or "radio
active" has been used several times.
There has been so much of the purely
speculative and nonsensical written
abQut radium and its astonishing power
of spontaneously and naturally emit
ting wonderful rays for a time not yet
measured or known, without any ap
preciable change in the substances,
that the layman who is at all Interested
in such thinsrs is beginning to believe
that some scientists, like actresses,
have press agents in their trains.
It is evident that the earnest, sincere
men who discovered and are experi
menting with and testing the marvel
ous radio-active bodies are not to be
held responsible for the exaggerations
and wild speculations of uninformed
space fillers, for the men whose bril
liant achievements have startled the
scientific world are extremely conserv
ative in what they say or write about
themselves, their work and results.
But out of one of their laboratories
came a few words the other day: "It
may be that our investigations may
lead" us to the truth about electricity
and magnetism."
Many tintt-B men have believed they
held the solution of the mystery of elec
tricity. They have called it a fluid, an
emanation, an emission, a flux, a cur
rent; they have said it was etherlc
vibrations, waves of the equally mys
terious ether; they have thought it to
be molecular movement or a form of
energy which slid over conductors at
an unthinkable speed, like rubber bands
sliding over a lead pencil. They know
its effects; they have learned how to
handle it and make it do useful work,
but what it is is beyond them.
But when you come to think about it
magnetism is much more mysterious
to the ordinary citizen. The average
man has some sort of understandable
idea of a current of electricity. He at
least can sea the sparks and feel the
tingle of the "juice," but when he ob
serves a magnet at work and stops to
figure it out he just naturally gives it
up. He remembers in a hazy way that
when he was a high school scholar ne
learned that electricity and magnetism
were coupled together; that electricity
turned soft iron into magnets and that
magnetism started electric currents.
When a boy he carried a small horse
shoe magnet in his pocket or magne
tized a steel knife blade by rubbing it
with some other boy's magnet. There
is nothing brilliant or spectacular about
a magnet. It exercises its mysterious
power quietly. It is this unostentatious
characteristic which makes it so inter
esting to one who looks for the uncom
mon In common things.
Have vou ever considered the part
which the magnet plays in your every
day life? 'Did it ever occur to you that
without toe magnet ships would not at
tempt to navigate out of sight of land,
for the needle of the compass is a bar
magnet? Do you know how many mag
nets are in daily use in your home?
Every telephone and electric doorbell
has its magnet. Without magnets the
telegraph instruments would be silent,
telephone, exchanges would be closed,
fire departments would go back to high
watch towers, for there would be no
alarm boxes worth pulling. Without
magnets electric street cars would stop
running and electric lights would cease
to glow, for there would be no dyna
mos and electric motors.
Railroads would have to go back to
the days before they were paralleled by
telegraph wires, and hotels would be
compelled to return to the wire or cord
pulled bells of the old-time inn kind if
magnets should' be taken out of the
world. And, of course, all these things
xiould be if electricity should suddenly
suspend business, for the industrial
magnets are electro-magnets — pieces of
scft iron, wound around" with insulated
wire, to be made active magnets when
the electric current circles around the
inert iron through the wire.
Men knew of magnetism and em
ployed it long before any one aver
dreamed of electricity. It is pretty well
established that centuries ago the Chi
nese used the compass — it is believed
they invented " jt. The ancient Egyp
tians knew of \he power of the load
stone — the dark Iron gray mineral found
among 'some iron ores, to attract iron
to it. The old writers call the load
stone "leading stone," "quick iron" and
"lovestone." The Chinese have an an
cient tradition of a mountain of mag
netic ore which formed an island and
which drew out the Iron bands from
ships that chanced to come within the
limits of its attraction.
Magnetic chariots or wagons were
used in China as late as the fifteenth
century, and they were the compasses
which enabled Chinese travelers and
armies to cross great deserts and track
less plains. A chariot of this kind car
ried a little figure, a manikin, whose
outstretched arm ever pointed to the
south— not the north, as points our
compass needle. A magnetized bar of
steel— probably made magnetic by be
ing rubbed with a loadstone — was con
cealed in the pointing arm and was-del
icately pivoted. The bar magnet ranged
r.orth and south, but the Chinese put
the index finger on the south end. The
magnetic chariot was drawn in front of
the army, and thus served as a land
compass.
Philosopher— Are you groins to pub-
Hsh'an essay I leftwith you? Editor-
Not as prose. Tve read it and can't
see that it means anything. I think
if you'll let me cut it up into line
lengths it, would run first-rate as a
series of heretofore unpublished son
nets by Browning.— Boston Transcript-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 4. 1001,
THE S A NFRiA^CLSCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... . ...... Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <*0&®^&> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY .*.........._..:. ........... ...,............; .FEBRUARY 4, 1904
LEADING HOME PAPER.
THE CALL takes a special pleasure in inviting the
attention of advertisers and the reading public gen
erally to its Sunday edition for the last day in
January. Not because that issue differs widely from
laic previous issues, but because it is one of the largest
editions in point of circulation outside of special holiday
numbers printed by this paper since it was established in
1856. Of the issue of Sunday, January 31, there were
printed and distributed 85,440 full and complete copies
of ' forty- four pages each. This enormous total is
equaled by only one other San Francisco paper, and the
number of daily publications, west of Chicago to reach
so large a distribution can be counted on the fingers of
one hand. The amount of paper required in its produc
tion exceeded fifty thousand pounds.
When the present proprietor assumed control of The
Call in 1897 its circulation did not exceed 45,000 copies,
and the Sunday issue was made up of from twenty-four
to twenty-eight pages; one press was required in its
production and the type was set by hand. At present
three Hoe quadruple presses are employed and the type
is set by sixteen Mcrgenthaler type-setting machines.
The magazine section alone is made up of sixteen pages
of the latest and best literature and contains numerous
examples of the best newspaper art work. , Last Sun
day's issue contained the first installment of Booth Tark
ington's most popular novel, "The Two Vanrevels," a
page of book notes and reviews, nine short stories by the
best fiction writers of the day, fashion articles for wo
men, important papers on the world at large, and two
piges devoted to the affairs of childhood. It is this
careful attention to the requirements of the reading
public, a superior news service at home and abroad, con v
sistent and conservative views expressed in its editorial
columns which have served to increase the paper's popu
larity and place it on the high road to success. .
Of the entire Sunday edition less than five per cent or
about 4000 copies went out free as exchanges, copies to
advertisers, office files, etc., leaving a net paid circulation
served by carriers, sent through the mail, sold by news
boys and at news stands and on trains, in excess of
81,000 copies. This is of a special value to users of ad
vertising space, as they are thus in possession of a posi
tive guarantee that their announcements were placed be
fore so large a number of regular paying subscribers.
On the very low estimate of three readers to each paper,
therefore, an advertiser was able to place his announce
ment .before a quarter of a million of people, each one
having many wants to be satisfied.
While making special reference to the Sunday issue
the daily edition of The Call must not be 'overlooked.
The total distribution of the daily edition, independently
of the Sunday issue, during 1003 was 19,103,674 copies,
an average daily circulation of 61,034. For months The
Call has devoted a large amount of space, time and
money to the preparation and publication of articles re
lating to the industries of the State, and particularly to
Central and Northern California. Large numbers of the
issues containing this special matter are bought by differ
ent organizations and distributed throughout the East,
creating an added interest in California's resources and
proving an important factor in inducing settlers to come
to the coast.
The advertising columns of The Call are kept as free
as possible from objectionable matter, and the paper is
established as the leading home paper of the Pacific
Coast. In fact, it may be safely claimed that it has a
larger percentage of its circulation in the homes of
people of intelligence and discrimination than any other
newspaper published in California. The circulation^ re
cords of The Call are al./ays open for the inspection of
legitimate advertisers.
As Joseph Chamberlain sat and listened to his de
fense delivered the other day in the House of Commons
by his son he had at least one splendid gratification.
While Austen Chamberlain, made the worst defense ever
attributed to a party in power in England, he gave an
example of the highest filiaKduty and allegiance. What
he lacks as a statesman he makes up as a son.
AMERICAN SHIPPING.
WHILE it is now probable that no effort will be
made in Congress to enact a comprehensive
bill for the promotion of the American mer
chant marine engaged in foreign commerce, until after
the report of. a commission to be appointed to investi
gate the whole subject, there is good prospect of the
passage of the Frye bill, proving for the extension of
our coastwise shipping "laws to the trade of the Philip
pines. The attainment of that much of justice for
American shipping would be the more encouraging be
cause it has, been opposed almost as vigorously as the
ship subsidy bill itself.
Among the elements of opposition there are two de
serving of special notice. One of these is made up
mainly of the cordage manufacturers of New England
and the other is found, strangely enough, in the "Mari
time Association of the Port of New York." The com
bination of these two forces in antagonism to a measurd
designed to promote *the carrying' of American com
merce in American ship's will help the public. to under
staife why it is that for so long a time the struggle for a
due mee*d of governmental assistance in the work of up
building our ocean merchant fleets has been made in
The plea of the cordage men was made not long ago
by the president of the Plymouth Cordage Company,
and was to the effect that "there is no American ship
ping adapted or available for this Philippine trade."
The trade he referred to is that between the Philip
pines and the *ports of the Atlantic Coast. It seems he
took no account of trade with Pacific Coast ports; or if
he did, he treated it as something antagonistic to that of
the Atlantic ports,, and therefore, in his judgment, not
deserving of promotion. .
In reviewing these statements W. L. Marvin, author
of "The American Merchant Marine," points out that the
cordage man was, mistaken as to the facts, there being
among, American ships available for trade between the
Philippines and bur Atlantic ports thirty-one steamers
of all siys, ranging from 1200 to -5000 tons net register,
and in addition more than a hundred sailing vessels. Mr.
Marvin goes on to say it may«be asked why these ships
are not engaged in the Philippine trade ■ at present, and
answers: "For much the same reason why, before: the
Spanish war, there were no American steamers in the
trade between our Atlantic Coast and Hawaii and Porto
Rico. Foreigners, firmly intrenched in the business,
would have met the first American steamer with a sharp
reduction in rates, to be continued until the Yankees
had been driven out. of the traffic."
..So much for the opposition of the cordaee-men. As
for, that : manifest in the Maritime Association of the
Port of New York, it turns out to be due almost wholly
to the foreign element in the membership of the asso
ciation. In commenting on it the New York Commer
cial recently said:
"It is a source of deep and constant humiliation that
there should exist in New York to-day, an active, work
ing commercial body, a large proportion of whose mem
bers is composed of sworn enemies of American ship
ping interests and openly boasts of it. Imagine a mari
time association or exchange in London constantly
throwing obstacles in . the way of Great Britain's mari
time interests, or one in Hamburg laboring unceasingly
to promote American commerce as against that of the
German Empire! How long would either be tolerated?"
We have thus a revelation that a. measure designed to
promote a great American interest in the Pacific is op
posed by a narrow sectional feeling in New England
and a foreign influence in New York. Fortunately it
appears the combination will not be able to defeat the
bill, for, as we have said, all reports from Washington
tend to the conclusion fhat the ; measure will be duly
enacted by Congress at this session.
Dissolute, drunken, lawless Americans, says an au
thority, are one of the most serious problems of govern
ment and order in the Philippines. While we are meet
ing with tremendous difficulties in trying to induce the
Filipinos to accept what is best in our civilization it
certainly is monstrous to force our South Sea wards to
endure what is worst among us. A few Americans less
in the Philippines evidently would do the Filipinos and
us much good.
THE MORAL SENSE.
MR. BRYAN has assumed a new role. He presents
himself as a conscience, a moral sense, and de
sires to be used as what the Buddists call "the"
National Karma." To adopt an entomological and hor
ticultural figure he is a capri fig, into which the blas
tophaga conscience has crawled and the*national fig tree
will bear no fruit until the moral insect crawls out and
carries the true Bryan pollen with it.
In his address to the Holland Society in New York,
on Peace, he 'said: "The evils which afflict the body poli
tic are not due to the extraordinary- development of the
material resources of the world, but to the fact that the
moral sense has not always kept pace with industrial ex
pansion. But there is an awakening at hand."
Yes, there always is, for those who dolefully and con
tinually deplore their own age as the world's worst and
their own country as the worst of the age. If Mr. Bryan
have his way it is evident that we are, to havs another
campaign of deploring and detraction, in which those
who believe in their time and country must attack those
who don't. Mr. Bean's utterance is a bit mystical, but
what meaning it has runs to socialism. According to
that cult those who make profit and those who earn
should divide with those who don't.
Such an application of the conscience and moral sense
leads directly to individuaPweakness and national decay.
Men will not sow for non-sowers to reap, and they will
not reap for non-reapers to eat. Yet that is the com
mand-of Mr. Bryan's brand of conscience. That the
moral sense of this age and country is quickened and ac
tive is shown by proofs that abound. Labor hs? never
had as good reward as here. The lame, halt and blind
were never as kindly cared for as here. The young were
never as well educated, and the aged in better shelter
than here. The average man never commanded as much
of the comforts and luxuries of life as here. Yet Mr.
Bryan puts dust on his head and bellows!
Does the country need lectures on its moral sense
from him? Will its conscience be quickened by a man
who is at this moment striving with his might to take
$50,000 from a widow and children that he never earned
and to which he has not the slightest moral claim and
only a doubtful legal one? We think not. We think that
Mr. Bryan is not the man to defame his country and de
cry his countrymen, nor to usefully deplore the love of
money. He has been the beneficiary of much patience
and has been treated with great politeness by his coun
trymen. Before he requites this by calling attention to
their soiled hands let him go wash his own.
Secretary of War Tail is emphatically of the opinion
that the Sultan of Jolo is a gambler, an intriguer, a cow
ard and no patriot. What a pity it is we can't trans
plant the Sultan in Venezuela and match # him against
Castro, who has been offensively and suspiciously quiet
for some time. With qualities so eminently fitting him
for participation in South American politics, the Sultan
is wastii:;? activities that in- another environment would
be productive of at least an interesting row.
NATIONAL ROADS.
IF; the* increasing demands on the Federal treasury
are all met, the time when we were a billion-dollar
country will look like a peanut. The proposed addi
tional pension legislation will at once run our annual
pension appropriation up to -two hundred millions. -The
men are not long voters who w.re boys when General
Garfield introduced the, pension appropriation in the
House with an apology because it carried thirty-eight
millions, and said he was able t to assure the country
that that was high-water mark, and the appropriation
would decline from that time on. < Yet in 1903 the pen
sion appropriation was $138,000,000, having gained; \z
hundred millions on Garfield's high-water mark, and now
threatens to' rise $162,000,000 above it.
The newest demand on the Federal Government is for
$24,000,000 to build county roads throughout the coun
try.. No one pretends to £?11 why the United States
should build neighborhood , roads. If the people pafd
their road tax in money and it was properly spent, we
would have the best roads in the world. But they waste
the local tax, and now have been induced to ask the Fed
eral Government to do for them what they are entirely
able to do for themselves.
It is interesting that the , leading advocate of this new
raid is the Democratic Senator Latimer of South Caro
lina, who admits^ the constitutional incapacity of the Fed
eral Government, to do it, but declares that the constitu
tion is violated for everything else, and therefore ought
to be for this. If that were, true, \ wise statesmanship
would seem to require that the constitution be respected
iiv all things, and hot' make a pm hole in ' it the excuse
for jumping through it, like a papered hoop at a circus.
Of course there is'a chance to build up a road bureau
at Washington, to. handle- these millions and have a full
staff, from chief to charwoman, but it is plain that if
every bucket is to be filled Uncle SamV cow will not
have enough milk.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Judicial Dignity.
When Samuel H. Dwinelle presided
over the old Fifteenth District Court
in the early seventies he had occasion
to assert his. dignity in a very forceful
manner one 'day.
A man was being tried for the shoot
ing c-f a second individual in the bar
room of v the old Parker House, famous
in those days as a resort for members
of the legal fraternity. George W. Ty
ler, a brusque, brow-beating attorney,
and Alexander Campbell were the op
posing counsels. One of the disputed
points at issue was the question of the
width of the saloon. One witness Bwore
it was , forty feet wide, while another
declared it to be only twenty-five.
- Suddenly Tyler appealed to Judge
Dwinelle, saying: "Your Honor knows
very well that this witness is commit
ting perjury when he swears the saloon
in question is forty feet wide. You
yourself know as well if not better than
any man in Fan Francisco the depth
and width of the Parker House sa
loon."
"One minute, sir," quickly ordereft
the Judge: "it may be true and it
undoubtedly is true that Samuel H.
Dwinelle, Judge of the Fifteenth Dis
trict Court, has been in the saloon in
question, and sometimes in very doubt
ful company with very disreputable
members of the bar. But. sir. I want
you to understand that this court has
no judicial knowledge either of the
place or of the competency of Samuel
H. Dwlnelle's knowledge concerning it.
"In the future, sir. be careful how
you tamper with the majesty of the
law."
When court adjourned Judge Dwi
ndle leaned his elbows on the Parker
House bar and clicked glasses with
Attorney Tyler.
A Duty Done.
Over in Oakland they have a police
man who believes in the practical ap
plication of the axiom that the "law
ls.no respecter of persons." And the
object of the application was no less
a man than Warren Olney. Mayor
and ex-officio a member of the Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners of
the city of oaks.
Oakland has a municipal ordinance
that requires property owners to keep
sidewalk shade trees >o the foliage
will not obstruct pedestrians. Jusc
new, under Mayor Olney's direction,
the city is being cleaned and beauti
fied along thoroughfares as never be
fore in its history. His Honor is bend
ing every official energy in that di
rection. The Police Department has
been under strict orders toenforc* all
ordinances in bearing upon clean
streets.
The other night Policeman Jack
Gardiner, whose beat Includes "Black
stone Hill," where the Mayor's home
is located, noticed that the luxuriant
growth about the Olney grounds was
out of bounds. So the patrolman
acted. i. V
Meeting the Mayor at his doorway
the policeman saluted and said:
"Mayor Olney, your trees are not
trimmed according to regulation, and
I am compelled to call your attention
to them."
"Well, well. Is that so," responded
the Mayor. "I am obliged to you. It
shall .be done at once."
"By the way, are you a regular po
lice officer of this city?" queried his
Honor.
"Yes, sir," replied Gardiner, a bit
nonplussed.
But as the Mayor extended his hand
and Clasped the other's in hearty
grasp, saying, "I am very glad to
know j-ou, sir," the doubts and fears,
if any he had, disappeared from the
vigilant patrolman's mind.
'A Verified Complaint.
Many queer complaints are received
by the municipal authorities at the
City Hall. Perhaps the queerest was
one received a few days ago by the
Board of Health. It came in the shape
o.f a communication calling the atten
tion of the board to the fact that a cer
tain lodging-house on Third street was
not overcleanly. "Every time I stop
there," said the complainant, "I find
myself the prey of bedbugs."
Inclosed with the communication was
a small envelope, tightly sealed. Writ
ten across the face of this envelope
were these words: "A few samples."
The Storm King.
The day is dying, somber-hued.
Its gloom affrights each tender flower;
But o'er the land yon mountain grand
Stands sentinel, in pride and power.
0 Storm King bold, I trust in thee,
Thou emblem of eternity!
Alone thou art: oh. would my heart
Like thee alone, were strong like thee!
1 saw the sunset redden wild,'
One last despairing smile of fate;
An instant bright in face of night.
It looked serene on love and hate.
O Storm Kingr high, inspire my soul
To such nobility as thine!
'Mid tempest's ire and lightning's fire.
Point thou where shine the stars divine.
— Success.
Like Bears.
Some curious experiments have been
made at one of the royal philanthropic
institutions In Copenhagen. For some
years back the seventy boys and girls
in the place have been carefully
weighed every day in groups of fifteen
,and under.'. Thereby it is proved that
the children gain weight mostly in au
tumn and in the early part of Decem
ber. From that time till the end of
April there is scarcely any increase in
weight. More remarkable still, "there is
a diminution till the end of summer. —
Chicago Tribune.
Eugenie's Jewels.
The story of the Servian jewels must
recall to the former. Empress Eugenie
her own experiences when the waves
first began to dash about her throne.
She determined to sell the greater part
of her jewels, in hope to do something
to save the dynasty, says the St. James
Gazette.
Publicity, had to be avoided, and a
market was not to be found in Europe,
newly thrilled by the horrors of Sedan.
The Empress .lool-ed "to the East for a
market. An Englishman was on his
way home for ' a •; holiday. A telegram
at Bombay awaited him from one of
the greatest European financial houses
and informed him of the determination
of the Empress. The difficulty had
been to find a man with sufficient in
fluence to be able to approach the
Princes of India in secret with a view
to selling them Jewels. Not less hard
was it to la.v hands on the man who
had moral strength sufficient to carry
with him surreptitiously hundreds of
thousands of pounds' worth of Jewels
in lands where the Queen's writ did
not run and where the protection of
the constable is not immediately avail
able. :*> '
Every care had been taken to insnr*
secrecy. The Jewels had been taken
to pieces; the gems removed from their
settings; the latter "jointed" to ad
mit of their holding and being worn
around the waist of their bearer in a
belt of soft leather. The Englishman
put on the belt, armed himself with a
trusty revolver, engaged as trusty a
servant, acd set forth on his mission.
For three months he wandered over
road, rail and river. The responsibility
of his trust, the constant danger of dis
covery, the difficulty of disposing of
his burden' were •worries that combined
almost to kill him. At last he was
successful. The jewels were sold to
a prince who esteemed them the more
that they were the property of a dis
tressed Empress. There would have
been trouble, no doubt, had ihe matter
been known at the India office, but the
man who discharged the undertaking
afforded an example of courage and a
solid worth in trying conditions which
merit a place in the story of commer
cial integrity and disregard of personal
danger. Far less exciting enterprises
have served to make popular novels
before now.
Another, Flying Dutchman.
A vessel that Is supposed to be the
oldest ship of her kind sailing under
the British flag is described by the St.
James Gazette. It is said that "her
name is the Dart; she was built at Car
narvon seventy-eight years ago, and
ever since has been in constant em
ployment. At one time she sailed be
tween Carnarvon and Liverpool; she is
now engaged in the coasting trade be
tween Arbroath and ports on the north
east coast of England. The Dart ha*
another distinction besides her age. She
is manned by the oldest crew sailing
the high seas. The captain is 70, the
mate 72, the cook 71 and a seaman 61 —
a total of 332. They have been with the
Dart for some years"; and were all boys
together."
Notes From IF or Id's IVork.
The farmer is satisfied if his cereal
crop yields him a profit of $10 or $20
an acre. The horticulturist — and I
mean by this term the man who grows
fruit or vegetables outdoors — must get
from $50 to $5000 per acre; and to
do this he must be able to make use
of every possible fact which science
and practice have shown to be of
value. v
The last census shows that there are
5,189,401 Jews in Russia. Of this
number there are about 1,300,000 in
Poland, and perhaps 10 per cent who
live outside the pale by virtue of hav
ing served under Nicholas I and those
"specially privileged."
The flags on Windsor Castle and on
the castle of the Japanese Emperor
fly from Oregon fir. The masts and
spars on the racing yachts of Em
peror William and King Edward were
shipped from Pueet Sound. Washing
ton and Oregon are to supply the mil
lions of feet to be used in building th«
Panama canal.
'Answers to Queries.
BUEN'A VISTA PARK— City Sub
scriber. The area of Buena Vista Park
in San Francisco is "6.22 acres.
FRATERNITIES- Subscriber.
Knightsen, Cal. There are at this time
in the United States about 230 fra
ternal benefit associations, having an
aggregate ' membership of nearly ten
millions of people.
DEEDING PROPERTY— A Reader.
San Jose, CaL. In California if a per
son possessed of real property does
not wish to make a will he may make
a gift deed of the same and place the
deed in escrowuntil- the occurrence of
a certain event, namely/ the death of
the grantor. After the death the per
son having the same in escrow is to
deliver th,e deed to the grantee or
grantees, who can then have the same
recorded. The grantor can make Rifts
of his property in such manner as he
pleases.
MARINE ENGINEER— Subscriber
7834. City. The Federal statutes on the
subject of marine engineers say:
"Whenever any person applies -for au
thority to perform the duties of en
gineer of any steam vessel the inspec
tors (of the district in which applica
tion is made) shall examine the appli
cant as to his knowledge of steam ma
chinery and his . experience as an en
gineer, and also the proofs which he
produces in support of his claim; and
if upon full consideration they are sat
isfied that hia character, habits of life,
knowledge and experience in the duties
of an engineer are all such as to au
thorize the belief that he Is a suitable
and safe person to be entrusted with
the powers and duties of such station,
they shall grant him a license authorize
Ing him to be employed In such duties
for the term of one year, tn which they
shall assign him to the appropriate class
of engineers." The law also provides'
for , the reduction < and suspension of
engineers. License must be renewed
yearly.
Townsend's California glace frntts and
candies. Me a pound, tn artistic nre
etcbed boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. abqve CaU bids. *
Special Information* supplied daily to
business houses and pubJtc men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s>. 230 C*U
tornU street. Telephone Main foil. •. PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIcN'S.
The greatest stock that San
Fnmdsco ever contained- of the
nnest furniture that can be man-
ufactured, is 'going to be given to
you in inrgains the like and equal
of which have not l>ceii known
during the history of California.
ELEGANT FIJRXITURE—
The handsomest Hi'ffetN Ward-
robes, Chiffoniers' Hall Pieces.
Wririr.iv Oesks, Fancy Tables,
Easy Chairs, Goi<l and Brocaded
Parlor Pieces. China Closets.
<^ urio Cabinet*?; Rockers. Rattan
Furniture, Fine Pictures, etc..
etc. livery piece that PATTO-
SIEX owns lie rifFers yon at a
discount 6f from 30 to 40 per cent
from actv.al value.
All these thousands of Bar-
gains, as as half-price cut on
all Parlor. Chamber and Dining-
room Suites at the big Mission
store.
$40 "Richmond Ranges" $30
$35 "Regal Ranges" $25
Store closes at 5 o'clock. Opens
at 9 o'clock.
Cor. 16th and Mission.
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES .
TO HOLD ANNUAL SESSION
iTosrammo Ha« Boon Arranged for
the Yearly Meeting to Commence
on February 2t.
The annual convention of the As
sociated Charities will be held at the
First Unitarian Church, Geary and
Franklin streets, from February 21
to February 23. The following pro-
Cam me has been arranged for the.oc
casion :
Sunday evening. F«b. 21. g o'clock— Addresses
oi welcome. "The Child and the State"
3*** * a £ H^S" 5 *- Juvc '"Je Court. Denver.
Monday. Feb. 11 a. m.— •'Discusfijon of
AebOwi»'.c-d Ch&rttU-s Problems," by rei>resenta
t:v*s of Associated Oiirltkl throughout the
6taie. Jondsy jLtternuon— "Modern Methods
:n the Care and Treatment of the Insane" F
W. Hatch. M. Ij., General Superintendent of
Sm«- HMpStzU. "The Needs of the State
Horn? for Feeble-Minded Children." WlJliasn
J. G. Dswbo:j. medical superintendent. Mon
uav «>v«>n;rg — "The Charities Indorsement Com
rr.sttfe and Its Aims and What the Asso
ciated Charities stands For," by Dr. Pamuel
C Smith.
Tuesday morning — "Th<- County Hospital."
T-j«^d^>- aftrrnoon, Feb. U-1 — "State Boards of
Charities ar.<J Corrections," by W. Alniont
liates. secretary of State Beard of Charities
and Correction*. "The Probation Law fcr
Adult OrYtnderf.** by Ogood Putnam presi
dent cr tbe Ai-sociated Charities of San Fran
eis-co. "The County Jo!l." Dr. K. C. Moore,
presid-rt of Ftate Hoard of Charities and Cor
rection*. "Facts and Figures of Alameda
Ccnuty." fcy Ezra Decoto. probation officer of
A1&3KS2& County. Tuesday evening— "The
<"h:l;! as a Social Probl«m." by Dr. Fmith. •
"Juvenile Crime — Its Sources and Ueroedifj"."
by Herbert W. Lewis, superintendent of the
toys' ant! Girls* AJd Gritty.
Alvinza H.-iyivarti Is III.
Alviaza Jlayward, capitalist and min
ing magnate, has been ill and in a
doT.eerous condition for the last two
U vs. For a short time his life \ras
tl-.ougrht to be hanging in the balance,
but last night it was reported that ne
was much better and would be able to
be around ag-ain in about a week's time.
Hayward was etricken. with paralysis
Tuesday morning as he was dismount
ing from the train at Third and Towns
end streets on coming from his home
in San Mateo. He was taken to the
home of Charles D. Lane, at 3102 Clay
street, where he is now confined to his
bed.
ADV^TTSEMENTS.
Of the Head, Bronchial
Tubes and Lungs Cured.
CURED
"For many years I suffered with Ca-
tarrh. Finally It went down into my
chest. I couched and had severe pains.
I loet flesh and strength and I feared
Consumption. I have been perfectly
cured by the Electro-Chemic treatment,
quickly, pleasantly *.nd cheaply."
PAUL MAY WALD. X'.
11C9 Mission St.. San Francisco.
Mrs. Mary Rivest. G22 Forty-fourth
Ft.. Oakland, curod of Rheumatism and
Paralysis of left leg by Electro-Chemis-
try.
CONSULTATION »-^ w-^ «—« w-^
AND \+ O I-H I-H
EXAMINATION * *> JL-rf *-*
Specialties — Consaaptioa. Catarrh.
Bronchitis. Asthaa. Cancer*. Tumors.
Deafness. Head and Sax XToises. Shen-
Rir.tism. Paralysis. Xeuralfrla. Flies. Dis-
eases cf the Stomach. Liver, Kidneys and
Bowels. Special Diseases cf Men and
Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you Uve at a dis-
tance, try to <-ome for a ijersonal examination.
Jf you can't come.' write- for instructions for
home examination and treatment.
ELECTRCKfiEmC INSTITUTE,
118 G&A.2TT AVE, Cor. Post. ,
SA.IT PBA2TCXSCOV
Office hours— '.» a. m. to r. p. m. and 7 to H
p. m. <liii)j-. Rundaj-s. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
8«itr: '.-. aran meets for Indies &&d gen tic me a
THEATERS MUST
BE MADE SAFE
Playhouse Managers and City
Officials Assemble in Mayor's
Office to Discuss Reports
LAW HAS. BEEN IGNORED
Disposition Is Shown, However,
to Comply With All Sugges
tions tv Protect Human Life
Protection of human M(% in the event
of fire or panic in a theater was the
pubjeet of an exhaustive discussion yes
terday afternoon in the private office of
Mayor Srhmitz. Among those who par
ticipated were the Mayor, Fire Chief
Sullivan, managers of the various play
housfs and members of the Police Com
mission and the Board of Public Work?.
Reports of Chief Sullivan and of the
Police Commission and the Board of
Works on the condition of th<? theaters
had been submitted to the Mayor, and
he called- the meeting for the purpose
of seeing what the managers had done
and were ready to do in the way of
compiling with the ordinance relative
to public safety in theaters.
"These reports show," the Mayor ex
plained to the managers, "that there
haVe been many violations of the law,
but we don't want to take radical ac
tion of any kind until you have had
full and free discussion of the subject.
At the outset, however, I wish to have
It distinctly understood that the or
dinance must be obeyed until such time
as its unjust or impracticable provi
sions can be repealed. Public life in the
theaters must be safeguarded by every
possjble means."
The theaters were then taken up one
by one, and as the Mayor read the al
terations and improvements that had
been suggested the manager of the
house in question stated what he had
done and what he was willing to do in
compliance with the reports.
MOKE WATER NEEDED.
Charles L. Ackerman. who represent
ed the Orpheum, the Tivoli, the Grand
Opera-house, the Alhambra, the Chutes
and the Lyceum, evidently voiced the
sentiments of the other managers in all
his promises and objections. In expla
nation of the inadequate water pressure
in each theater reported by Chief Sul
livan, Mr. Ackerman said that the
blame for that lay with the Spring
Valley Company, which had refused to
supply the pressure dAnanded by the
ordinance. The automatic system of
water pipes on the stage, also pre
scribed by the ordinance, he pronounced
both unnecessary and impracticable, as
the same 'purpose could be accomplished
•with more certainty and quickness by
the perforated pipe system, now mostly
used, with a fireman constantly in at
tendance while the public is in the the
ater. Chief Sullivan and Commissioner
Casey said that to insure perfect safety
both those systems should be employed.
Mr. Ackerman said the managers were
as eager as any one else to promote
safety in their respective houses, but
they did object to the automatic sys
tem as both impracticable and pro
hibitive in price. • •
The Tivoli was the first theater con
sidered, and Mr. Ackerman said that
every improvement suggested in the re
ports will be complied with at once.
Manager Marks of the Columbia also
expressed desire to do what the mu
nicipality demanded. The Alhambra
management promised to hasten the
completion of th£ alterations recom
mended, as did the manager of the Cal
ifornia.
AS TO THE ALCAZAR
When the condition of the Alcazar
was taken up for discussion the Mayor J
said that as the house is now construct- :
ed and equipped a fire or other cause of \
panic within Its walls during a per- i
formance would be likely to result in I
loss of life, and that its facilities for i
egress must be improved at once. Man- j
ager Mayer said he was ready to make i
any alterations the Board of Works or |
the Poiice Commission might suggest. !
The alterations recommended by the !
reports include more exits, the substi- !
tution of an inclined plane for the j
staircase at the main entrance, the
placing of the aisles on a level with the
parquet floor, the widening of all the
aisles and improvement of the stair
ways from the balcony to the foyer.
Mayor Schmitz said he has some plans
in view which he will explain to Man
ager Mayer later.
The Orpheum is to be supplied with*
better protection from fire, with wider
aisles, with more exits and with aisles
leading directly to them.
Fischer's Theater must also be
equipped with more efficient fire-fight
ing facilities, more exits from the audi
torium, fire escapes from the rear of the
gallery to O'Farrell street, wider aisles
and a wider main entrance.
The manager of the Novelty Theater
said he had already complied with all
the recommendations reported.
SPRING VALLEY AGAIN.
When the Grand Opera-house was
taken up and Mr. Ackerman stated for
the third or fourth time that the in
adequate water pressure complained of
by Chief Sullivan was the fault of the
Spring Valley Water Company the
Mayor declared that the Spring Valley
"Water 'Company must be asked for an
explanation of its conduct in the mat
ter. Among the improvements sug
gested for the Grand Opera-house are
an exit on either side of the auditorium,
higher gallery rails and removal of
the three marble steps in the foyer.
Mr. Ackerman filed vigorous protest
against thqflatter proposition and the
Mayor promised it would be held in
abeyance.
The condition of the Central Theater
was favorably reported on and the
house manager of the Lyceum said that
every alteration suggested in the re
ports on his theater had already been
made. The manager of the Midway
was informed that If he does not Im
mediately make more exits In his the
ater and furnish it with better protec
tion from fire it will be closed and he
laughingly said that as ithe property
lately changed ownership it is likely to
be closed anyway.
The Unique, the Cineograph and the
Marionette theaters were reported on in
a bunch, and the report was to the
effect that their condition is a menace
to the safety of their inmates In the
event of fire or panic, while, their con
struction is so generally defective that
no specific recommendations as to their
Improvement could be made. The
Board of Works suggested that the
three houses be closed If they are not
made safe at once.
The C^iutes completed the list and
the manager said he had done every
thing the reports advised him to do.
Yoiin# Girl Sues for Damages.
Lizzie Foppiano, aged 17 years, Pled
a suit for $10,000 damages against the
H. S. Crocker Company yesterday. She
lost two fingers of her right hand last
May while operating a paper cutter
for the firm. She charges that the firm
.was criminally negligent in trusting the
operation of such an intricate piece of
machinery to one bo young. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
ASKS COUNTIES
TO MAKE HASTE
Secretary Willis of World's Fair
Commission Sends Notice to
Arouse Tardy Exhibitors
SPACE IS ALL ADJUSTED
Steps Will Next Be* Taken to
Forward California's Prod
ucts for Show to Exposition
After a herculean struggle in. the
division of space In the agriculture
building at St. Louis between the coun
ties that will make exhibit at the ex
position of tha present year, the Cali
fornia Commissioners have reached a
point where there is only one possible
ground for further discussion concern
ing space allotments.
All the counties have agreed to take
what has been assigned, with the ex
ception of Alameda County. The peo
ple of Alameda were contented to oc
cupy the portion of the ground and
wall room that a diagram showed to
have been set aside for their exhibit.
Recently, however, a map or chart was
received from St. Louis which had lines
on it inclosing a flatiron shaped area
that was apparently taken from Ala
meda. .
Letters have been sent to St. Louis
to inquire what is meant by this. The
Commissioners have no knowledge of
any space being shorn from the Ala
meda area, but the map tells a dif
ferent story. It may be all a mistake.
On the receipt of replies from St. Louis
the fate of Alameda County will be
fixed. If there is no interference with
the space as originally assigned there
will be no reason for any additional
question. All other counties are satis
fied.
Acting on the belief that the space
allotment matter is now practically dis
posed of. Secretary E. B. Willis has
sent out a circular letter 'addressed to
the persons who have charge of the
exhibits that are to be forwarded to
St. Louis at the expense of the com
mission and has requested that they
move promptly to get their wares into
the bands of the commission at an
early date. In part Secretary Willis
writes:
"We besr to request that you will
get your material packed for Shipment
at the earliest possible day and supply
the commission as soon as possible with
a memorandum of the number of pack
ages you will have and list the con
tents tjf the same. It is suggested that,
owing to the very high rate on struc
tural material, the counties and Indi
vidual exhibitors shall arrange to have
their structures built it St. Louis."
AMATEURS WILL PLAY
FOR CHURCH BEXEFT
Strong Array of Talent Is Promised at
Entertainment' to Be Given for
St. Paul's.
The Western Addition Dramatic
Club, under the direction of Arthur
W. 'Jones, will present Gillette's "All
the Comforts of Home" at the Alham
bra Theater on Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 16. for the benefit of St. Paul's
new church, of which Rev. "M. D. Con
nolly is pastor. The cast will be
composed of some of the best known
amateur talent in San Francisco, in
cluding George Dennlson, Henry G.
Leff man, H. E. de Lasaux, Miss May
Sullivan. Miss Jean Baldwin. William
M. Ogilvie, Miss Gertie Ingham, Miss
Rose Broderick, Arthur W. Jones,
William E. Wallace, Miss Mae
O'Keefe. John C. O'Dannell, Kenneth
Bailley, Miss G. Roberts and Roy
Kay. - *
As this is to be given in connection
with the bazaar to be held next May
In aid of St. Paul's Church, the ladles
t>f the respective booths are energeti
cally disposing of the tickets and are
endeavoring to make it a great finan
cial success. Splendid music will be
furnished during the evening by the
League of the Cross band, which has
attained considerable fame. The
tickets are 50 cents. Reserved seats
can be had at Gallagher Brothers', 27
Grant avenue, on the payment of 25
cents additional.
Says Mrs. Colt Is In New York.
Attorney "W. D. Grady served notice
upon Assistant District Attorney Fer
ral yesterday that he would make a
motion before Judge Lawlor to have
the deposition of Mrs. Lillian Hitch
cock-Coit taken In New York, as he
alleges that he has learned she Is in
that city. Grady is attorney for Alex
ander B. Garnett, charged with the
murder of Major J. W. McClung in
Mrs. Coit's apartments In the Pa'ace
Hotel, and he is raising all the tech
nical objections possible to delay the
trial. The argument on an applica
tion for a writ of habeas corpus for
Garnett's release will be heard by
Judse Cook on Monday.
* *^S"h ADVERTISEMENTS.
» -
sT sf ' *4f P "*'ta 9 TsT* ' A A
A KjOrner in Labor
Ray Sfannard Baker's
Latest Labor Afrticle
is in the February number of McGlure s Mag-
azine. It reveals the immensely interesting
and significant condition of the w;age-earners of
Something entirely new in the labor world. Side-lights on Mayor Schmitz.']
Some striking features of the labor situation on the Pacific Coast. .
'^■^^ K3 Frj MB I! |EWKBEr K9^n
•' • ■>'•:■■' "•':•" - - - .-\ r ■• '■-.'■',. ■,■■■"■ ..-.•■.''..-..■/.. .c; v ■■■•..•*-., ■ ' ■ ■ , .
for February contains three other great articles/ 1
seven good short stories and beautiful pictures
Get McClure's from any newsdealer." McClure agent or from the publishers— 10c. a single
COFT; $1 FOR A YEAR'S SUBSCRIPTION. S. S. MCCLURB CO.. 147 E. 25TH STREET. NBW YORK. N. Y.
DAIRIES MAKE
BIG RETURNS
State Bureau Reports That
Output for Last Season Ex
ceeded $20,000,000 in Value
BEATS THE GOLD MINES
Irrigation Figures as Leading
Factor in Counties Where In
crease Was Largely Effected
The State Dairy Bureau has just com
pleted the compilation of statistics of
the butter and cheese output of Califor
nia during the last year. It is shown
that the increase over the output of the
preceding season was 3,075,213 pounds.
The total output for 1902-03 was 34.676,
311 pounds. That of the preceding sea
son was 31,528.763. The Increase amount
ed to about 10 per cent. Altogether the
dairy output amounted in value to $20,
436,152 for the last season. Secretary
Saylor of the State Dairy Bureau
claims that the dairy interest is the
largest income producer of any single
line of industry in California.
• The butter produced during the last
season was worth $8,669,077. The cheese
sold for $856,996. Condensed milk repre
sented the value of $621,233. The people
of California consumed $6,682,73$ worth
of milk. Calves raised and sold for veal
brought In $1,724,844. and the pork that
was raised on by-products had a value
of $1,881,264.
"These figures," says Secretary Bay
lor, "are based upon a- most conserva
tive basis. The gold mines of Califor
nia have / made ' the State famous
throughout the civilized world, and yet
the value of the product of the dairy
cows of the State for the last year ex
ceeds that of the gold output for 1902 by
more than J3.000.000. The increase in
the output in butter in one year was
more than 60 per cent."
An analysis of the statistics is sup
plied by Secretary Saylor. He says that
it is shown that the increase in the
dairy output is largely confined to cer
tain districts, and Is especially marked
in districts where the people have taken
recently to. dairying on irrigated land.
He says:
The coast counties, excepting Los Angeles
and San Diego, in the extreme southern end
of the State, have just about held their own,
Humboldt County, the largest butter producer
In the State, showing a slight decline. The
Bain is therefore confined almost entirely to
the counties in Southern California, the San
Joaquin and a portion of the Sacramento val
leys. During the season two more counties
crossed the l,00O.*X>-pound mark. They are
Stanislaus and Tulare. making nine in the
State with an annual output of over 1,000,000
pounds. In the case of both these counties the
increase over the previous year amounts to
almost 60 per cent. Kings and Merced coun
ties gaired each approximately 30 per cent and
Fresno 25. " Five counties in the- San Joaquin
valley — Fresno, Kings. Merced, Stanislaus
and Tulare — made a total gain over the pre
vious year of over 1,500,000 pounds, or ap
proximately 40 per cent.
In • the Sacramento Valley there are only
two counties in which dairy development Is as
yet conspicuous. These are Sacramento and
l'olo. The former gained a little over 10 per
cent and the latter 15.
While there has been a gain of about 10 per
cent in the total output of butter Jn Califor
nia, the increase must be credited to about
a dozen counties located In the irrlarated, al
falfa growing sections of the State. The hilly
roast and intermountaln counties are barely
keeping up with former years.
John Redmond, in his reply to the
speech from the throne, said yesterday
that the Irish would never be satisfied
until they had home rule. If more ladies
would act on' this principle few kitchens
would be without a gas range from the
San Francisco Gas 'and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
Will Talk on" "Acres of Diamonds."
President Russell H. Conwell of
Temple College, Philadelphia, will lec
ture in the star course of entertain
ments at the Youngr Men's Christian
Association auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets, to-morrow evening. Pres
ident Conwell is the most sought after
man on the lecture platform to-day;
his lecture engagements average over
200 nights a year, and from his lec
ture fees he has contributed toward
the education of poor students more
than half a million dollars. It will
be a rare treat to hear President Con
well to-morrow night. His subject will
be "Acres of Diamonds."
Sues Mclaughlin for Support.
Estelle McLaughlin, wife of Cor
nelius McLaughlin, of the draying
firm of McLaughlin Bros., yesterday
filed a suit for separate maintenance
against her husband. She asks for $50
a month, claiming that he has treated
her so brutally that it is not safe for
her to live longer with him. They
were married only last April.
Farewell Concert.
A complimentary farewell concert
will be given at the Central Methodist
Church to-night by Charles E. Robson,
late musical director of | the church
and the orchestra, the occasion being
the termination of a two years* en
gagement. The choir will assist. The
programme will commence at 8:15.
The public is cordially invited.
HYMNS SUBJECT
OF DISCUSSION
Presbyterians Do Not Regard
With Favor Gospel Songs and
Indorse Onlv Standard Music
CHOIR "3IUST BE SELECT
Professor Buck Is Outspoken
Before Theological Seminary
Conference and Wins Support
Music and poetry, true rhythm and
perfect harmony, were among the ( im
portant subjects discussed at the second
day of the conference of the alumnt of
the San Francisco Theological Seminary
yesterday at San Anselmo. .
The gospel hymn and the standard
hymn were considered, and critics were
numerous and profound and in accord
as to the quality, the tone and standard
of the hymns that should be sung in
the Presbyterian church.
The general opinion was that the
church should be careful of the stand
ard of church music and the poetry to
which the music Is set. The recom
mendation arrived at was that the Pre3- J
byterlan church use the hymnal pre
pared by the denominational commit
tee and reject that class of hymns cal
culated to appeal more to the emotion
than the understanding.
The discussion was aroused through
Professor Charles G. Buck, who spoke
on "A Study of Hymnology," In part
saying:
Is the Presbyterian church making use of
{rood hymns and good music in its public ser
vice?
A hymn should be reverent and dignified in
rhythm and also in its poetic treatment. If
the solemnity of the worship of God is relaxed,
if the minister makes it a point to be free and
easy and undignified, sometimes even in
prayer, and the hymns are chosen with a view
to awaken a sentimental emotion or to tickle
the ears of the congregation, you will get peo
ple into the church, but they will drift away
more easily, for the foundation of love is taken
away from them.
HYMNS MUST BE DIGNIFIED.
A feeling of revolt against authority has al
ways led the masses to welcome any tendency
to a .relaxation of the dignity of the service of
woi>nip, and I am inclined to believe that re
laxation is usually shown first in the music.
It has been the case in all religious denomina
tions.
There is" a certain atmosphere of dignity
about the worship of God that should be pre
served In the hymns and in the service. His
word is written in a stately language of its
own, which should give the keynote to the
whole service.
The same characteristics should distinguish
the music to which hymns are set. It should
be reverent and dignified. It may. be strong
or graceful, ioyous or sad. as the sentiment
shall demand, ' but it should be worthy of the
subject. In referring to the gospel hymns
which came into mich prominence In the time
of Mr. Moody's great work, let us see If the
gospel hymns are reverent, poetic or dignified
in words onil music.
I don't know that I can call them irreverent.
Are these hymns poetic? Have they inter
pretative power that Is, as Mathew Arnold
says, the power of so dealing with things as
to awaken in us a wonderfully full, new and
intimate eense of them and of our relations
with them?
BALD UXPOETIC RHYMES.
I am willing- to admit the claim that hymns
have been a. means of salvation and comfort
to many who were hearing these things for
the flrst time, but I cannot understand any
one persisting- in the use of these bald, un
poetlc. commonplace rhymes after he haa
once heard -the work of poets and musicians.
Why, when we have the standard hymns,
should any one »lng gospel hymns? They are
the work of people without inspiration. I be
lieve that the sun of the eo*pel hymn as a
"part of the church service has set. A proof
of it is th£ welcome given to our beautiful
new hymnal, which eeems to me a collec
tion worthy to be the permanent *hook of praise
for the Presbytertan church. ' "
Surely, if Episcopalian children can learn
(rood ml beautiful hymns Presbyterian chil
dren can. • \
The Rev. Frederick A. Doane 4ed the
discussion on the subject. Dr. John S.
Macintosh, agreeing with all Professor
Buck said, was followed by Dr. Cros
by, who condemned sentimental and
operatic singing in church. After the
Rev. A. K. Magary. the Rev. Dr. Mills,
the Rev. Mr. Rich and Professor Thom
as F. Day, D. D., had spoken in favor
of standard hymns Professor Buck re
plied and laid particular stress upon the
necessity of having Christians in the
choir and of having, the right kind of
leader, in sympathy with the church,
who would not tolerate a soloist who
merely sang "to show himself or her
self oft."
Professor Buck considered that the
leader or director of a choir must be
autocratic and one able to choose ac
cording to general temperament and
character, and keep out of the choirs
the kind of people they did not want.
Other, discussions of the day and
evening were "The Province of Chris
tian Dogmatics," by the Rev. James
freorge Anderson; "The Bible as Liter
ature." by the Rev. George G. Eldredge.
and "The Meaning of the Cross," by the
Rev. Mr. Strong.
This afternoon Dr. John S. Macintosh
will be Inaugurated as president of the
seminary and installed as professor of
systematic theology.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 3. — The big eteamer Ne
braskan, which came* into port from San Fran
cisco last Saturday for repairs, pot away to
day. While here she took on a thousand bar
rels of fuel oil. The run to New York will
be made with oil for fuel. / •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 RIGHT NOW
\f OU can, get a piano on lower terms >
* and less price than ever before in the
history of San Francisco. Over 300 pianos j\' r <
came in at once on account of the raise
in freight rate. Rather than store them
we will place them In your house. These
instruments comprise nearly every make
in existence. V{V«
.Rents. $2.00- np. Installments $4.00 up
Price one-third less than regular re-
tail. Good new pianos for (150 up to
$500. Second-hand pianos $59 up. All up- j
|gg§%ylB8ag5s»^^ K!n3 «19hSh&k8h^s& Kyrcfij I TMHrTOfciiartilffBy
Co.. 235-237 Geary street, on Union
Square. Oakland address, 1252 BVoad-
way. Largest wholesale and retail deal-
. ers and only manufacturers here. Over
7000 Heine Pianos in use here, more than
double the quantity of any other make.
Also agents for the famous old Oabler.
Krell. 8teger and 10 other makes.
SOME MAXES A9I> PBZCES; AX.X. TJITB1OHTS:
Xew: Bohr Bros.' Pianos, $265; Conover Pianos. $-♦»."»: Steeer Pianos. £360:
Krell Pianos. $37*5; Davis & Sons' Pianos. £2."»O: Sommer Pianos. #175
Slightly used and Second-Hand Pianos: Heine Pianos. #233 up; Steinway Pi-
anos. S | ({,' up: Chickering Pianos. $t1.*»O up; Emerson Pianos. 9115 up;
Fischer Pianos. J595 up: Conrard Pianos. £OO «p; Vose PUnos. $S5 up: Arion
Piano, almost new, .Sl(»5: German Stelnway. $60; Knglish Collar <i. S37; Xew
York Haynes. mahogany. SI 12- ■ • . _.
. AMUSEMZNT&
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Jul«s Murry's Big Scenic Production. '
LOST RIVER
VBVjlIm POPTOAB y*ICE3.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY.
Louis Marn LI Han
Charles J. Ross > Russill
John T. Kelly „ - ,
and Mabel
Pete? F. Doiley Fenton
and '
W.be- and Fields
PRESENTING
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OF
CATHERINE
Seats Now on Sale at Box Office.
92. $1 SO. 11. 75c and 60c
oirr-oz > -TOwzr mail oxssacs
Accompanied by money ord«r find addressed to
H. H. Campbell. Grand Op*ra-hous«. will be
filled In the order received.
CALIFORNIA
f" Last Three Nights
MR. EDWARD MORGAN
IX HALL CAINE'S MASTERPIECE.
THE ETERNAL CITY
SPECIAL PRICES — |1 50, $1 Oft,
76c, 60c. 25c
I Matinee prices tam« as for evening
performances. CURTAIN PROMPT-
■ Next Sunday— MURRAY AND MACK. ■
ALCAZAR"mir
-- General Manager.
TO-NIGHT—MATS. SAT. A1TD STJH.
"Ooe of the anurgest successes In the history
of Alcazar.'*— Ashton Steven*. In Examiner.
"Brilliant, picturesque and charming." —
Peter Robertson, in the Chronicle.
A COLONIAL
-T< TT)T By the Autho*
IjIKL.... «,?***•
Kvgs., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Pun.. 25c to 50c.
MONDAY NEXT— THE FUNNY FARCE.
THE CAY PARISIANS.
In Preparation — PARSIFAL.
CENTRALS?
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Most Popular of AH Modern Dramas.
EAST LYNNE
A Play Universally Loved, with a Heart In-
terest Story that Stirs the Tender '. .-
Emotions and Touches the
Fountain of Tears.
All Central Favorites In the Cast >
DDIfCC EVENINGS ........lOo to Me
rnlWCJ MATINEES 10c 13c 23e
Feb. S— "IN ' :OHT OF ST. PAUL'S.^
TiyoLF&s;
FOtTRTH WESXC;'
OF TEE JJVTAKAXJUBJOtD SUCCESS.
When Johnny; I
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera, by Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian Edwards.
! SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Za Preparation — "THE OYP8T BA8OJT."
Usual Popular Prices......... 28c 80c and T5e
Box. Seats ...fl.00
Racing Illfil^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OR SHINS.
• NEW CALIFORNIA. JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDB TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. February L'
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m.- Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsead streets at
1:13 p. m. and leaves the track immediately,,
after the last race. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts. ' •" ■*
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W.' TREAT. Secretary.
ffiirCiliOOiBrYeai
AMUSEMENTS. y'J: ■
f*.ftl IIMDIA as wxsm
UUI>UIV1dII| wm mm
Last Four Nights— Mat Sat
The Meet Attractive Musical Comedy Ev«T
Seen Here.
A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
Pretty Girls. Catchy Music.
Magnificent Stas« Effects.
Last Time Next Sunday NUht.
Com. MOX.. Feb. 8. »
JAMES F^f
AND SALE
WARDE 1™-^ AY
In Warenhals and Kemper'a
ALEXANDER THE GREAT
A Production of Marveloua M^nitud*.
A BOUNTEOUS BILL!
Munruc, Slack and Lawrence; 2 Sil-
vns; Stuart Barnes; Robertas and
Wilfredo and Orphenm Motion Pic-
tures. I>ast times of Cordua and
Maud; Duffy. Sawtclle and Daffy;
Ilolden and Florence, and JOHXXY
AND EMMA RAY
Pretentiaar "Casey. th» Plremaa."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thun-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices,. 10c, 23a
and 50c.
4 mill ~ ' T"
FOVIt DAYS I THAT
LONGBItl 19 ALL
"THE BEAXTTT SHOP"
Will De Taken Off on Sunday Night.
/ Our "AH Sta»" Cast. Including:
, • . KOLB AND DILL,
JOHN PEACHEY.
EEN. T. DILLON.
• HF.LEN RUSSELL.
GEORGIA O-RAMKT.
ALTHKA TWINS.
DtPOBTAST
Next Monday Night
ROLY POLY
An Entirely Xew and Original Musical Cora.
•dy of Particular Interest. Everything New
from First to Last. Debut of MI.-i3 .VELLIS
LYNCH. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats Now on Sale. '- r* V-
Hlyh-Class Specialties Erery Afteraooa
aad Erenlnsr la ta» Thoroucfcly
• V: Seated Tieater. ,
■ TO-NTOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE ; JIIE CHINESE BABY GIRL, IN TH»
INFANT INCVBATOR. .
ADMISSION ..10c | CHILDREN*.. 5«
When Phoning Ask for *Tne Chutes."
MISCEIXANEOTJS AMUSEME2JTS.
MISS MARY CARRICK
(Pupa of Hutro Mansfeldt.) ♦ .
Win B* Heard In a
• SECOND PIANO RECITAL
AT STEINWAY HALL, .
: 22S STUTTER ST..
THURSDAY EVE.. Feb. 4. 'W. at 8:15 o'clock.
Reserved S«Aia. $1 SO and $1; General Ad-
mission, 75 cm
Seats on sale at Sherman A Clay's and
Ccpfctln & Co.>, TIP Market st.
i^K IMPROVED Y*^
||\ Eyeglasses M
-T and XJ
{j Spectacles t]
DoiofP DON'T FAIL TO
raiawv t « the boutifui
« COURT Lom&finf
«M*» PARLOR, th»
r j PALM ROOM, tha
lirflflU LOUIS XV PAR.
U* aUU L OR, and the LA»
U j «■ DIES* WRITINO
Hotels I rop^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
t O Great Mexican Remedy; Rives health and
1 atr^vrth to sexual orsans. Depot. 323 Market.
78
YOUNG CORBETT SIGNS TO FIGHT SULLIVAN THIS MONTH
YOSEMITE CLUB
SECURES MATCH
Negotiations Arc # Conducted'
Quietly and Announcement
Has Created Some Surprise
BRITT FIGHT AFJECTED
The Californian Says He Will
Not Meet the Featherweight
• If This Event Goes Through
Toung Corbett and Dave Sullivan
were matched by tfce Yosemite Club
yesterday to fight twenty rounds on
the last day of this monfh in Mechan
ics' Pavilion. The men have agreed to
weigh 130 pounds at 6 o'clock on the
day of the fight.
The announcement of this match had
much the same effect on the people
interested in the Corbett-Brltt fight as
would the explosion of a bomb in their
midst. Britfs attitude is summarized
in his words: "If that fight Is on. my
fight with Young Corbett is off."
The Hayes Valley Club officials take
the same viewpoint and announce that
they will nc/t promote the fight if Cor
bett persists in keeping this engage
ment. What complicates the case is
the fact that Referee Eddie Graney
holds a $2500 forfeit from Britt and
another from the club, the former guar
anteeing the boxer's appearance in the
ring: and the latter guaranteeing the
ability of the club to promote the con
tesL
Britt said last night: "Young Cor
belt takes the chance of injuring his
hands or even of being defeated, either
of which would kill all Interest in o-ur
fight. The club managers also intended
to boom our fieht. but with this one
scheduled they could do nothing until
it had been decided. It means hard
work for me to make the weight at
which we are to fleht and I do not
vant to d» a month's work for noth
ing. While there is no clause in the
Rilffles binding Young Corbett not to
fight, he gave me his word that he
would not do so."
"Corbett has only followed out his
usual custom in this matter." said
Manager Coffroth of the Yosemite Club
last night. "Fighting is his business
and he tries to keep going all the time.
When he si.?nf-d for Hanlon a year ago
he went and fought Maynard on his
way out here. From the day "he signed
r:tth Britt he has been endeavoring to
£<?t on another match. His ooint of
vfewls simply this — he says the owner
of a race horse which is entered in
rich events starts his horse in cheaper
races when he sees a chance of winning
some easy money and of giving him a
good workout."
Sullivan was in Boston yesterday and
at once started for New York, en route
tj this.olty. He has never fought Cor
bett. but has met McGovern, Broad and
the other featherweights.
The making of this match again puts
off Frankie Neil's first appearance here
since he won the championship. A
match had nearly been arranged be
tween himself and Abe Attel. When
this fell through a match was sug
gested between Nell and Monte Attel
«t US pounds. The pair may meet In
the south.
PLtASAXT EVENING ,
FOR VISITING DELEGATES
Mr. and Mrs. II. J. McCoy Entertain
It. W. 3Iesser and Wife and
B. B. Wilcox.
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. McCoy gave an
entertaining evening at their home last
night in honor of Mr. and Mrs. L. Wil
bur Meeser and B. B. Wilcox of Chi
cago. Rolla Watt^ was master of
ceremonies.
During the evening baby Ruth Eliz
abeth MHCoy was christened by Rev.
<i. W. White, assisted by Bishop J. W.
Hamilton and Rev. William Rader.
Mr. Messer is general secretary of the
Chicago Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation and is visiting California In' the
interests of the twenty-third annual
State Methodist Convention. He will
leave this morning for Fresno to attend
the convention there. In company with
the following delegates: Rolla V. Watt,
F. A- Jackson. Dr. George C. Adams,
H. J. McCoy, George Mullin. F. E. Mil
ler. F. E. Swanson, S. N. Wood. H. M.
Fiske. S. H. Youens, F. Mettman, Dr.
W. F. Callander, A. A. Macurda. E»N
■ward Coleman. I. J. Truman, C. B.
Perkins and S. F. Wall.
Lectures on Liquid Air.
The regular weekly meeting and lec
ture was held last night at the Emanu-
El Sisterhood, 1248 Folsom street. Dr.
A. C. Deane lectured on liquid air* and
Kave several interesting demonstra
tions with the solid atmosphere. The
lecture was Illustrated by an excellent,
eet of stereopticon views and was en
joyed by a large audience.
Probably Insane.
Mrs. A. Mark, who resides at 22
Summer street, was found praying in
the basement of St. Ignatius Church
yesterday morning. The woman, who
Is evidently demented, had remained
on her knees for two hours. She was
r«moved to the Receiving Hospital,
where she is being held for observa
tion.
\ AD VEBTISEMENTS. " ■
OF WINTER ffe^lft
The cold, misty rains, northerly winds and damp, |^*iSp8y
cloudy days of winter arouse the old pains and aches
and bring out all the misery of Rheumatism. All rheu- •W^^^^^^^w
rnatic troubles spring from a too acid blood and the - fsJflllwQE»p!
deposit of gritty, iritating particles of acrid matter in the H%^^4$ra*$$f
joints and muscles, producing keen, cutting pains, inflarn- l «wllll3^®w«r
'.nation and swelling, and ■Rft«tT<»«»Ti«ni r»ui -, %■ «« .**...
a feverish conditioner the I had S&S&gtefgro
tvhole system. r ; \'
Rheumatism, having its My kneo and elbow jointa were ao stiff that I could
origin in the blood, requires *°! 1 ? a «.V hea h My tnf'Joint* were alao affected
an 5 internal, constitutional ?Kffi X o?S^^,^
remedy to stop it. External w ° rk » * n * w " t«dy in a pitiable condition.
treatment only relieves fora J&r'^A^JSS^^S^'&ffSi^
time. Liniments and plasters tatinrly recommend it to all rheumatic sufferera.
produce^ counter- irritation MBS - mabiah decker.
and scatter the pains, but they collect at some other point, and Rheumatism
goes on season after season, finally becoming chronic, and the joints and
r-i muscles always stiff and sore! . - '
/i— «3 {#T*^ /#™^ ' , S. S. S. neutralizes and filters out of the blood and
V^^ sy 5 *^ 111 a *l poisonous acids and unhealthy matter,
Oj hwy S^7 s > ttnd invigorates and tones up the sluggish, organs, and
the cure is thorough and lasting. S.S. S. is guaranteed
purely vegetable, unequaled as a blood purifier and greatest of all tonics.
Write for onx book on Rheumatism. Medical advice and all information
fiven without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA*
OARSMEN PLAN
SPRING RACES
University Mon Expect a Match
With Northern College Crews
Early in. the Present Season
SUGGEST ESTUARY .CQUKSE
As They Went North Last Year
and Were Beaten .They Want
a Trial in Home Waters
BERKELEY. Feb. 3.— If the plans
go through as expected, the rowing
crews Of the University erf California
and of the University of Washington
will meet on the water some time dur
ing the spring. The boating associa
tion of the university has already sent
a challenge to Washington^ fon a re
gatta in April, and a reply is awaited
from the north with some anxiety. The
challenge Is the result of a lot of cor
respondence carried on between the
rowing men of the two universities, the
discussion being over terms and place.
California went north and met defeat
at the hands of the Washingtorrtans
last summer, and now California wants
to have the matches decided here Just
to see if it cannot even up matters. It
Is likely to prevail, as all the convinc
ing argument seems to be on its side,
particularly when there is such an ideal
place as Oakland estuary to point ta
as a good rowing: course.
There is a chance, too, that Stanford
will figure in the rowing game this
year. Urged by the California rowers,
Stanford has been gradually working
up to the point of negotiating for boats,
and it is understood one Is now build
ing for the Palo Alto Institution in the
East. With California, Washington
and Stanford supporting rowing crews,
it seems possible there will be three
cornered intercollegiate matches every
year.
In anticipation that there may be a
match with Stanford freshmen this
year, the California freshmen are do
ing a lot of work these days with the
Indoc-r rowing machine and on the
track, the exercises being intended to
develop the wind and the muscles of
the men. A. S. Bunnell, '04, has charge
of the freshmen and every day he* puts
them through a course of exercise,
pupils are H. W. Schrieber, H. M. Hall.
A. C. Thode, J. B. Alvarado, R. M.
Searles. A. C. Salisbury, J. H. Eggers,
R. Clyde Cameron. Winfleld Hale.
Thaddeus Joy Jr., M. H. Weston. H.
H. Kelly> C. F. Marshall, E. P. Craw
ford and A. R. Fisher.
An interclass race will be held at a
date yet to be decided upon. After this
race th<? varsity crew will be selected.
The following men are training regu
larly at the boathouse for the class
crews: Seniors— A. S. Bunnell (cap
tain), J. E. Roadhouse, Jerry v.'hite,
B. C. Whitney and Walter Stalder; ju
niors—E. J. Grindley (captain), G. J.
Anloff. E. A, Bannister. D. M. Evans,
E. V. Dodge. S. S. Hawley, J. P. Loeb;
sophomores — H. W. Ross (captain),
Harry Carpenter, J. A. Kelly and S. J.
Jones.
CLEVER EXTERTAIKK>aiKT
BY r XAVAIj APPRENTICES
Bojs Do Their- Share t« Raise Funds
for Xew Clubhouse at
- Vallejo.
The entertainment by the boys from
the training station at Goat Island for
the benefit of the naval clubhouse at
Vallejo last night was a success, so
cially, artistically and financially. The
boys who have' been trained to walk
the decks of a ship trod the boards as
though acting, not fighting, were their
specialty in life. The entertainment
opened with an overture by the United
States naval band, followed by a drill
of apprentices. The one-act sketch
"Stranded on Goat Island" was next
produced. The various parts in the cast
were filled by the following sailor men:
W. H: J. Dallaghan, bugler; T. R.
Spear, boatswain's mate; F. Nief, ap
prentice: C. O. Davis, chief yeoman; J.
McDonald, landsman for training; 11.
Hendrollet. landsman for training, and
M. P. Casey, chief boatswain's mate.
This was followed by a song by E. G.
Dickerson and some clever head .bal
ancing by G. Brown, after which the
sketch "Lights and Shadows of a Po
lice Court" was enacted, the partici
pants being: S. Smith, cockswain; J.
Cline, J. Simmons, Bill Bailey; C. O.
Davis, chief yeoman; N. Clark, G.
Brown; J. S. Parker, • landsman for
training; C. Constantine, ship's cook;
A, Mongula and F. L. Heiser. ,
The sketch "The Boxing Instructor's
Trouble," participated in by W. Stew
art, J. McDonald, M. P. Casey, T. R.
Jones and R. Hendrollet, and th«j
tableau "Liberty" concluded the per
formance.
The patronesses were Mrs. Abby M.
Parrott, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Wil
liam S. Tevis, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury,-
Mrs. Daniel Higbee Kane, Mrs. William
G. Irwin, Mrs. Arthur MacArthur, Mrs.
Norman McLaren, Mrs. Charles Austin
Coolidge, Mrs. de Young, Mrs. John T.
Boyd, Mrs. Frederic Sanborn, Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Mrs. James Monroe Goewey,
Mrs. Alfred H. Voorhies, Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. John Evelyn Page; and Mrs.
Bowman McCalla, chairman; Mrs.
George Oulton, secretary, and Mrs. Her
bert Folger, treasurer, of naval club
house committee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 4, 19Q4.
GOLD MONEY AT SCANT ODDS
WINS IN A COMMON GALLOP
Rollick Drops In
First* at Odds
of 15 to 1.
A well-balanced card drew/ a large
attendance to Ingleslde track yester
day and the talent had only themselves
to blame If the bookies were not.worst
ed. Backed! horses with one exception
ran closely to form, three favorites, two
second choices and an outsider annex
ing purses. Pleasant weather and a
fast track left nothing .to wish for.
On the strength of his race the pre
ceding day Mr. Dingle looked almost
an absolute certainty for the opening
seven furlong run. He was backed
down to C to 5, and, well handled by
Larsen. passed Little Sister in the
stretch, winning cleverly from lsabel
lita. The latter mare was bet on and
If awav tyetter might have won. Lou
Clieveden ran . a fair- race, finishing
fourth behind Little Sister.
But four started in the mile run for
mares and" geldings, and it turned out
to be uuite a spirited betting affair.
Esherin was played from 10 to 4%.
Major Tenny had many friends, but as
the big bettors stayed with Daisy
Green, ridden by Hildebrand. the East
ern mare closed favorite over Grafter.
GUAITER WINS EASILY.
Daisy and Esherin cut out the run
ning for six and a half furlongs, when
both had played out their string. Tom
my Burns slipped through on the rail
with Major Tenny and for a second
looked dangerous, but Jack Martin
astride Grafter had too much in re
serve, winning almost easily by less
than a length. The favorite lost the
show to Esherin by/ a head.
At odds of 1 to 2, Walter Jennings'
crack mare Gold Money won the Fu
turity course sprint, next to be decided,
just as she pleased. Jack Martin, of
course, had the mount, and had the
course, had the mount, and had the fa
vorite up in his lap behindMoneyMusa
to the stretch. Although the latter
sprinter was tiring, Hagerdon could not
overhaul him, finishing in the show.
Bookmaker Frank Lanterman'e
Stuyve enjoyed quite as easy a. vic
tory in the mile selling run. The brown
gelding, with Hildebrand up, was
quoted a 9 to 10 chance at post time
and simply galloped out In front from
start to finish. Somenos, the runner
up for three-quarters of the route, ijed
away, and Hainault ran second, four
lengths before Illilouon. Scotsman by
his poor showing displayed the fact
that he possesses little class. .
AX A OUTSIDER LAXDS.
Milt Jones* Rollick, with Johnny Daly
on his back, stopped the progress of
the favorites by capturing the- fifth
race at odds of 15 to 1. Daly moved
his mount into the leading position
after Muresca and Yellowstone had
tired and passed the wire four open
lengths before Bard Burns. Judge Voor
hies, a well backed outsider piloted by
Tommy Burns, led the favorite Matt
Hogan out for the show.
As there was some doubt about Mar
tinmas going one and a sixteenth miles,
Charley Heilshall got 3 to 1 for some of
Tils money in the betting on the last
race. The regulars stayed with Ni
greUe, making the little black mare fa
vorite at 8 to 5. Kunz took Martinmas
out in front at the start, and stalling
off the challenge of Oliphant on the fa
vorite in the stretch earned the decision
by half a length". His Eminence finished
third, five lengths behind Nigrette.
After an early exhibition of speed Nam
tor died away to nothing.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Jack Martin piloted two winners.
Hiram Pierce and H. Magill after an
argument came to blows down in the
paddock. The matter was reported to
the judges.
Isabellita experienced little difficulty
beating Carilee In the opening event
yesterday. The mare improved consid
erably over night and was bet on by
some smart ones.
Dr. Long, an outsider starting in the
third race, was well played for the
show. The company was too rich for
the Doctor.
i The flags at Ingleside hung at half
mast yesterday out of respect to the
memory of William C Whitney.
Harry Birkenruth, who has been rid
ing at Los Angeles, was at the track
yesterday. He is on his way back to
"Chicago.
Twenty-four books cut in. The Mel
bourne Club was the absentee.
Foley will ride Joe Lesser in the big
race on Saturday.
The following horses' were not de
clared yesterday and are eligible to
start In the Burns handicap on Satur
day:
Proper 127 El Bernardo 101
Claude 122 Joe Leaser .'. 101
Shotgun 120 Leader ........... 104
ArsTfgor 118 Our Bessie ......*1O4
Oarsman US Major Tenny io*>
Dr. Boyle 11C Cursua 101
Luden Appleby. ...116 Modicum • 100
Fossil 114 Schwalbe V'lOO
Waswlft in Eonlo ... ioo
Arcade 112 Heather Honey....' US
Dainty 110 Nlgretta os
Faulconbrldge 108 Flourish or
II to Eminence ....108 Banquero *"/J)5
Ben MacDhui 108 Felipe Lugo ....'.'.' 05
Royal Rogue 108 Whoa Bill ..'. $)5
Horton 105 The Bugaboo .... 95
Horatlus ....105 Tocutaw 05
Americano 105 Sacredu* ...... 95
Arabo 104 Maxetta j>b
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.,
'and 1 ™!,; r «l»^? Ven fU . rlOngf ; three-year-old.
5923 Arthur Ray (Clayton) '. 111
VJZi Klcfcumbob (Walz & Co). iiii
6800 'Florianna Bell (Miner)..'.'.'.';.*;;;'" go
6013 •Optimo (BlaUeman) .......... ino
58S3 'Standard (McAlester) *"»S
CSS7 »E1 Piloto (Hoag). .......... .'1 103
5910 David S (Stanfleid) Jos
SSS*7 Wistaria (Schorr) . .......' ss
G822 'Saintly (Crowe) • ■,„■,
5SC0 •Constellator (Keating & Co,)...*'*"-"i03
SSH6 'Bay Wonder (Newman) ... "104
M22 •Flo Manola (Daly) !!!! S3
Second race— Three and a half furlong*: two
year-oIdB; ourse:
5S95 Kduardo . (Burns & Waterhouia).... 112
.... Cardinal Sarto (8umjnera) .....110
Reggle-Tyrona.
C859 Only Jlmmio (Washoe Stable) 110
5715 Rose Eley (Blaslngame). irw
5S2.1 Olacoma (Smith) ' jo;
6S35 Speaker Fontana (Schrelber)... .. ..."no
.... II Dottoro (Boots & Hollenbeck) . . . 115
»- Brutus- Initiation. . ....
6S8G Bill Short (Dobson)- 115
6823 Corn Blossom (Roweli) 115
'Third race— One "mile arid fifty yards; four
year-olds and up; selling: . •, -0&*
5848 •Algaretta .(Murray) :...':.... .100
5718 Leash (Levy) * . . . 105
.583(1 Tom Kingsley (Winter, & Co. )..... ...102
6919 'Hellas (Creely) ..-. ..;-. ..-....:. .102
5920 The Ledaean (Boots & Hollenbeck).;. 105
5923 •Chileno i (Ulaslngame) f)7
BSS7 "Bill Massle (McAlester) .....t. 102
5920 G. W. Trahern (Quintan) ..■....;.;... 107
5723 »Plorce J (Blakeman) *:...■.. 103
Fourth race — Si/ and a half furlonssMhree
year-olde; .handicap: ... - .__.-■
.5004 The Mighty (Ferguson) ......110
C921 Ananias (Schorr).. ..". lOS
..:. Long Shot (Henahall). ....;;......;... 112
1 5908 Kormaster (Boots & Hollenbeck) . .v. .'. 112
58SG Bill Curtis (Griffin)..........' ....107
6918 Solanus (Jennings & Co.).. . :.10<I
. 5827 Judge (Daly). .ill
\ Fifth race — Five and a halt furlongs; four
year-olds and up; Belling: .• ■•■-■■*.
fi812 'Lady Bimbo (La Gorta & Forbes).. 100
. 5S4rt 'Flyer (Ryan) : p»
561S 'Florlnel II (Hoag). ................ .'.106
D'JW Brcnnus I J udfc-c) ...... .'.".. .... ........ 107
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
nTGIiESIDE RACETRACK— Wednesday, Feb. 3, 1904.— Weather fine. Track fast.
C03O. FIRST RACE— Saven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olda and up; value to flrat, $325.
J^?" Horse and Owner. ■ IWt St. & . »«4. fi- Str.JFln. Jockey. OJT cT.
rno2 Mr - Dingle. ■* (S. Judge) hk>2 7 3 n 2 iy a 2 8 1 1%1 Vi Larsen .!\. 7-5 6-3
rJ% lFabelUta - 4 (McNamara).... Vj 28 3 82 5 1 4 1 2% Travers ... 6 U-2
r>S.J9 Little Sister. 5 • (Graftort) 102 3 1 1. 1 3 1 % 2 3 3 2 Knapp 20 50
5.08 Lou Clieveden, a (McDowell) 102 5 4 '4 5 1%4 1V4<$ 1%4 6 Foley 10 12
;'&, Urlssac > r » •( J- J. Marklein).. 00 4 2 me ltf,3 n 5 2%5 1% Hildebrand « 7
I T.02O Carilee. 0 (Appleby & Co.)... 102 9 7 2Vi4 h7hC3 6»iT Butler.. 10 10
5720 Tonopah, C (E. SchifD 00 10 10 10 10 10 7 2 oiiphant .. 7 8
6810 Wyoming, a (G. Berry)...... 104 6 0 h 9 h 6 Vi 9 h 8 tt L. Jackson. 40 60
j KtCC Cracko. 4 (L,. Levy) 104 8 B 2 3 1 8 2 7 h 9 2 J. T. Ehehn SO 30
6S5S The Toiler. 4 (F. Jones) 113 1 6 h 7 y» 6 h 8 n 10 See 60 60
Time— :24',4.- :48%. 1:14%. 1:23. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:07^. Dingle, place. 1-2;
show, 1-4. Isabellita. place 2; show, 0-10. Sister, show. 8. Winner, ch. h. by Orna
ment-Nellie C. Trained by S. Judge. Scratched— Norford Start good: Won easily.
Second driving hard. Third stopping. Mr. Dingle had little to spare. Away better.
Isabellita might have beaten him. Little Sister quit. Lou Clieveden ran a fair race.
Brissac won't do. Wyoming sulks. . .
5f>31. SECOND RACE— One mile; purse; mares & geldings; 4-yr.-olds & up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V* • . ',4- %• Str. .Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C839 Grafter. C (Blasingamo Bros.) Ill 4 4 4 4 3 n 1 ?V |J Martin.. 8-5 5-2
5755 Major Tenny. 5 (Piedmont S.) 100 1 3 2 3 2 3 *i 2 h 2 o T. Bums... 4 21-5
fiStil Esherin. 4 (J. -F. Schorr) 09 3 2 h 2 n 2 % 4 3 h Reed '.. 8 »-2
6707 iDalsy Ureen. 4 (Follansbee). . 104 2 1 2V&1 2 1 i'^1 1 4 Hildebrand 7-5 8-5
Time— :20U. U9W. 1:35&. 1*5] At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:02. Grafter, place. 7-10;
show. out. Tenny, place, 6-5; nhow, out. Esherin, show, out. Winner, b. g. by
Cicero-Leap Year. Trained by W. L. Appleby. Start good. -Won easily after a mild
drive. Next two driving. Grafter was well ridden and best. Major Tenny no excuses.
Esher!n belongs in selling races. Daisy Green gave it up.
fiO.'tg. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; purse; 4-year-olds and up; valu» to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i . .'%. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OpT Cl".
f>861 Gold Money. 4 (Jennings) .... 107 2 '.... 3 n 2n 1 W1'2^J Martin.. 1-2 1-2
dC3S) Money Muss. C (H. Green)... 113 3 ... 1 % 1 li£2 2 2 2 Hildebrand 6 8
GS39 Hagerdon. a (H. L.- Frank)... 108 4 ... 4 2^4 0 3 3 3 7 Burns 3 3
T.S12 Egyp. Princess. 8 (O'Rourke) 103 1... 2n 3 1 44 45 Knapp .... 100 400
4770 Blackthorn 5 (C. P. Fink)... 1C8 6 ... 5 n 5 2 5 iy.5 % J T. Shehn 200 tOO
.... Dr. Long a (C. F. Tanner).. 109 5 ... K6 C6 «>6.C7 J. Daly.... 100 75
B19S Tortlla. 6 (Ray & Co.) i. ;. 105 7 ... 7 7 7 7 (Stuart ....'. 200 1000
5S31 Huntressa. 5 (Buckley & Co.) 103 8 ... Pulled up |Kunz 60 3C0
Time— -:23%, :47K>. 1:10%. At post 3 minutes. . Oft" at 3:01. Gold Money, place ana show,
out. Muss, place, 6-5; show, out. . Hagerdon .show, out. Winner, ch. m. by Gold
Crest-Money Spinner. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched — Bassenzo. Reason "Why.
Start good for all but Huntressa. "Won in a gallop. Next twd driving. Gold Money
under half sail all the way: Money Muss ran hi* race. Hagerdon quit the last part
of It. Huntressa very sore. - ... - . • •
C033. FOURTH RACE — One.mlle; selling; 3-year-olds and up; 'valua to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. ,%. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OJT Cl".
5S49 Stuyve. 0 (F. R. Lanterman). 110 1 1 1%1 «i 1112 13% Hildebrand 1 7-10
B910 Hainault. 5 (Thoraas &Co.). . 101 5! 4 3i,US42 h 23 2 4 Oliphant'.. 8 20
(5811) Illilouon 6 (W. D. Randall).. 101 2 5 2Vi° 2 6 4 4 4 3 R Foley 8 12
fiS74 Col. Van 6 (D. S. Fountain). 101 8 6 0 6 B 3 4 a; Travers ... 10 12
B899 Somenos.* 4 (C T. Henshall). 99 3 2 l& 2 H 3 S 3 5 5 8 Kunz 6 8
(. f iSS2)1Scotsman. 4 (Jennings & Co.) 101 43n444n6 6 J. Martin.. 10 20
Tima — :25. :49, 1:141,4. 1:40. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:20%. Stuyve, place, 1-4;
show. out. Hainault. place, 4; show, 6-6. Illilouon, show. 4-5. -Winner, b. g. by
Stuyvesant-Katie B. Trained by R. Campbell. Scratched — Atwood. Start good. Won
easing- up. Second hand ridden. ' Third easily. Gallop for winner. Hainault ran a nic»
race, Illilouon was sore and lucky to be third. Colonel Van ran a poor race. Somenos
ran out some on the stretch turn and quit badly. Scotsman only a cheap one.
5934. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Own*r. WtlSt: >i . '.4. %. Srr. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5S4S Rollick C (M. Jones) Ill 3 ... 3 1 3 ?i 2 1%1 4 J. Daly.... 10 12
5730 Bard Burns, 6 (S. Judge) 114 4 ... 4 n 4 n 4 1 .2 n See 4 8
5420 Judge Voorhles,4 (Murray Co.) 107 5 ••• 7h 8 fi n 3 »4 Burns 10 8
5872 Matt Hogan, a (Magrrane) . . . . 10C 0 ... « « 2^5 !J4n Larsen .... 8-5 11-5
C873 Yellowstone 5 (W. P. Fine). 100 8 ... 5 1 B % 1 h 5 4 Koley 10 11-2
B8S2 Me.«to 4 (A. SchuWz) 104 7 ... «i ?i 7 n 8 «4 Bell 40 60
57SS Murenca 5 (Mrs. Miller) 97 2 ... 11 In 3 1 76 OHphant .. 6-2 13-5
BBSS Tourist II, a <Buckholtz Co.) 105 1 ... 2 2 2 2 7 1 8 H. Stuart.. 10 20
Time :24 :4Sla, 1:14 At post 3Vi minu*es. Oft at 3:&4'i. Rollick, place. 4; show. 2.
BurnF." place, f>-2; show, 11-10. Judge, show, 0-5. Winner, ch. g. by Take Notice-
Happy Maiden. Trained by C. B. Lusk. Scratched — Pure Dale. Start good. Won easily.
Next three driving hard. Track suite* Rollick and he 'was well handled. Bard Burns
ran his race. Judge Voorhies closed wf.l. Matt Hogan was badly cut oft soon after
start. losing several lengths. He was probably best. Muresca quit badly. Tourist
outclassed. '
.V.»::.-.. SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index '■ Horse and Owner. WtSt. U . \a. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5825 Martinmas 4 (Henshal!) 99 2 iTlUl 2 1 »i 1 % 1 Vi Kunz 5-2 13-5
fi778 Xigrette 4 (Jennings & Co.).. 93 :t 2 % 2 Va 2 1%2 3^2 5 Oliphant .. 2 9-5
BS37- His Eminence, 6 n'eager) 103 5 5 5 4^414 2%3 n Hildebrand 4 9-2
SOU Key Dare 6 (J C. Nealon).. 100-1 4 2 6 4 3 Mi 3 % 4 4 Larsen 8 13
(58.17) Namtor 5 (F. Reagan) 112 6 »l 3 l'/j5 4 5 3 5% Wonderly . 4 10
54S9 Veterano. 4 (W. C. Vivell)... 105 4 0 6 6 6 6 v Knapp .... 15 4O
Xinvj :24>i :40U 1:15 l:4C»i. 1:47. At post minute. Off at 4:1C.- Martinmas, place
1- show 1-2 ' Nig'rette. place, 3-5; ehow, 1-3. Eminence, show. 1-2. Winner, ch. g.
' by Martagon-'Nekomls. Trained by E. Wright. • Start good. Won cleverly. Balance
driving Winner was well ridden. With stronger handling Xigrette could have. won.
His Eminence was sore, but ran a fair race. Namtor gave out early.
i -
GS4S 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 101
4677 •Cassie W (Nealon) A 99
GS90 Glendenning (Hammond) 1"
T.906 'Bell Reed <Stanfleld> «J
6872 The Pride (Nea!) JOS
5C02 "Aunt- Polly (Graffort & Co.) 104
M3S Titus (Meek) 'P2
5S4S Goddess of Night (Parks) 10»
5426 Handpress (Magrane) Ill
5774 *Fort Wayne (Ross) .IUj
Sixth race-rOne mile; three-year-olds; sell
• S022 Keogh (Hildreth) .V 103
K922 'Creole Jim (Smith) 101
£1918 'Instrument (McAlHster & Co.) JH
5318 'Bombardier (Skinner) »;;
5SS>G Hulford (Stover) !«•;
f.90S 'Scherzo (Hamilton Stable) !W
:>302 'Charlie Schweizer (Blaslngame) Jl
• 'Apprentice allowance.
PE0BABI.E WINITEBS.
First race— Saintly. £1 Piloto. Bay
Wonder.
Second race — Speaker rontana. Bill
Snort, Corn Blossom.
Third race — Bill Massie. Fierce J. G.
W. Trahern. -
Fourth race — Fozmaiter, Bill Cnrtla,
The Mighty.
Fifth race— lady Bimbo. Glendenninr.
Aunt Polly.
Sixth race — Creole Jim. Bombardier.
Charlie Schweizer.
NEW SUPERINTENDENT
FOR SAILORS' HOME
Captain * C. R. Armstrone Elected to
FiU Place Now Occupied by
John Ferem.
The lady) managers, of thd Seamen's
Friend Society met yesterday and
elected Captain C. V R. Armstrong as
superintendent of the , Sailors* Home
to take the place of John Ferem, who
has resigned, and who will retire from
that position on February 12.
For some time. the ladies have not
been satisfied with the .war things
have been run .at that Institution and
have wanted to make a change. They
feel that in Captain Armstrong they
have found the right man. He is well
and favorably known here, where for
many years he has been In the employ
of GoodalC Perkins & Co.
The ladles are trying to obtain from
the city a five years' lease of the Sail
ors'-Home property on the same terms
as at present. • ' .
OPERATORS CONFER WITH
HARRIMAN'S OFFICIALS
Grievance Committee From Atlantic
and Pacific Systems HereT to r
Arrange New Schedule.
The grievance committee from the
Order,' of Telegraphers of. the South
ern Pacific's .Atlantic and Pacific sys
tems is at present in this city, holding
daily conferences with the officials of
the company.
~.The r meetings are taking place In
the office of ,B. ; A. -Worthington, as
sistant* to the general , manager of .the
road; and * attending -th^m are C H.
Koehler.i manager of, the Southern Pa
cific lines in Oregon, and C.H. Mark
ham,: representing; the : company's lines
in Texas.' The purpose of the meeting
is to, readjust the^ telegraphers', sched
ule for ."the new^year, for which the
committee made an annual trip to this
city, and to -..settle ) other • matters in
which both parties; are concerned.
OROVILLE, Feb. 3.— A test of the • t hur'-
Klar-proof " bars i In the cells of the new .Jail
was made' to-day and., they ■ were' cut : In '.two
by. an ordinary: saw. used for cutting ' Iron. It
is/ probable the member* of the Board j>l:Su
pervisors -. will reject - the • cells. -The cost - ot
them was - about $5000.* " "
GRANTS RELIEF
TO MISMATED
Divorce Court Has a Very
Busy Session ,and Severs a
Good Manv Marriage Ties
The charges of cruelty preferred
against Police Officer James Kavanagh
by his wife Charlotte in her complaint
for divorce were found to be true yes
terday by Judge Hebbard, who granted
her an interlocutory decree of divorce.
Edith S. Basf ord, who was ' married
to Harold F. Basf ord at San Rafael in
1S96, sued him for divorce yesterday on
the ground of infidelity. Basford is a
drummer. They have three children.
Infidelity is also alleged In the com
plaint, for divorce filed by W. T. C.
Davis Jr. against Grace Davis. He
charges. that she is too fond of a man
named Franklin. The Davlses were
married at Oakland in 1900.
Desertion is charged In the action
for divorce commenced by. Florent Hof
fer against Claire Hoffer. He charges
that" she left him without cause three
months after their marriage In this
city in April of this year. Neglect Is
charged in the suit filed by Lillian G.
McMurray. She avers that for more
than a year her husband, Raymond
W. McMurray, has compelled her to
depend upon the charity # of her friends
and | relatives for support. She was a
Miss Heller when she' became McMur
ray's wife and she asks permission to
resume that name.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
John W. Rocklln against Margaret
Hocklln for cruelty; Addle Simens
against Ole Simens for neglect. Marie
H. Duncan against G. A. Duncan for
nf gleet, Carrie Turner against Samuel
I. Turner for cruelty, Ellen %f Donnell
against John O'Donnell for cruelty
and Kathryn Bourn against Robert S.
Bourn for neglect. Mrs. Bourn asks
the court to award the custody of her
10-year-old daughter to T. S. and C..-N.
Hawkins, respectively her grand
father and uncle, who reside at IIollls
ter:;' ; ■ :•:: '.'■'.
Judge Seawell granted a decree to"
Ellen Rlley, "cross-complainant in the
suit for divorce brought by James H.
RHey. The Rileys were married in
:.C5 and have, eight- children, all of
whom but one are adults. . Riley
brought the suit on the ground of de
wprtinn.; hut the evidence . showed that
he and not his wife. was the one who
broke up the Riley. home.
' Interlocutory • decrees were also
granted to Mary E. Crouse from Cloe
man F. Crouse for desertion, Alice : M.
Owen from Oliver F. v Owen for neglect.
Minnie B. A. McGowan \ from John E.
McGowan for neglect,^ Robert M.-Dick
ey from Georgia S. Dickey for neglect,
James* J. Flynn from Annie Flynn - for
desertion and, Lenora Green from Wal
ter Green f or , desertion.
Another Attachment on Lumber Firm.
- The- financial difficulties . of W. J.
Grace "&';' Co.'/' the lumber dealers, were
aggravated yesterday by the serving
of another 1 writ of attachment on Lhe
firm's property -at 1 Sixth and fierry
streets and' 423 Ninth street. The at
tachment was served at the instance
of W.iJ.'Adams, another creditor, for
the sum of 58119 19., This, with the two
others previously served, makes an ag
gregate ; of about $12,000 which the firm
TWO-YEAR-OLDS
IN FAST RACE
Woodclaim Wins the First of
the Baby Events for This
Season at Half a Mile
POORLANDS IX FRONT
Defeats the Warm Favorite,
• Galba, and Martin Brady Over
the Sticks at Ascot Park
L.OS ANGELES, Feb. 3.— The first
two-year-old race of this year, at half
a mile, was one of the- features to-day
of the Ascot Park card. Griffin's Wood
claim, at even money, won. handily
from Peggy Mine, with Capitanosa
third. The time, 49 seconds, was fast
for the track.
Poorlands proved he is one of the
most consistent jumpers here by win
ning the free hurdle handicap at a
mile and a quarter with 163 pounds up
in 2:18. Martin Brady was second and
the redhot favorite. Galba. third.
Paul Whaley ran another fast, game
race in the fifth event at one mile.
Tarpey was favorite, but did not run
to his best form. Whaley receded from
6 to 5 to 9 to 5 and won all the way in
1:41. Glennevis ran a smashing race,
finishing a close second, with C. B.
Campbell third.
The fourth race was marred by an
unfortunate start. Madame Bishop
and Hilary got off In front and finished
In that order. Geheimness, the 1 to 2
favorite, got a poor start and finished
third. Bishop was 10 to 1.
Carnival, favorite for the six furlong
dash, came home in front of Flea and
Turtle. Ultruda, at 3 to 5. won the
last race in a gallop, with Pilot second
and Schwarzwald third.
Small, Anderson, Lindsey and Coffey
bid on Geheimness after the fourth
race and Coffey got her for $525. *
Weather perfect, track good.
SUM3IARY.
Flrat race, six furlongs — Carnival. 112 (Ad
ams), 6 to 5, won; Flea. 1C0 (P. Phillips), 4
to 1. second; Turtle. 112 (Redfern). 20 to 1,
third. Time. 1:16. Leonora. Tomhawk,
Potrero Grande. Rosseric and Carotwrn also
ran. ■ .
Second race, for two-year-olds, selling, four
furlongs— Woodclaim. 05 (K. Walsh), even,
won; Peggy Mine. 103 (Redfern). 3 to 1. sec
ond; Capitanazo, 103 (Mahder), 40 to 1. third.
Time. :4!). P.ubiana. Lampenla, LJght of Day
and Hilona also ran.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and a quar
ter mllee — Poorlands. ICS (Mooney). 7 to 2.
won; Martin Brady. 12S (Murphy), ft to 2. sec
ond: Galba, ISO (McHugh). even, third. Tim*.
2:18. May S and Phil Archibald also ran.
Fourth race. selling. Slauson course^ —
Madame Bishop. 116 (Adams). 10 to 1. won;
Hilary. 118 (Cross). 30 to 1. second; Geheim
ness. 112 (J. Boland). 1 to 2. third. Time,
l:12Vi. Rosebud. Mac Ana. Mac Flecknoe.
Galanthus and Double O also ran.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile — Paul Wha
ley. 1C2 (J. Lewis), 9 to 5. won: Glennevis.
0G (M. Johnson), 5 to 1. second; C. B. Camp
bell. 90 (Feicht), 8 to 1. third. Time, 1:41.
M. F. Tarpey also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards^ — Ultruda. 09 (X. Lewis). # 3 to 5. won;
Pilot, 00 (Lawrence). 15 to 1. second; Schwarrf
wald. 00 (Anderson). 10 to 1. third. Time.
l:4f!»i. Louwelsea. Frank McKee, Ping and
Autumn Time also ran.
Xcw Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 3.— Crescent City re
sults: ' ■. ' - •■ ■
First race, mile — A la Mode won, Duncan
second. Mammon third. Time, 1 :42 4-5.
Second race, four furlongs, selling — Miss
Galore won, Hony A second. The Doctress
third. Time, : 40 3-5. .
Third race, mile, selling— Docile won. Miss
Velton second. Totness third. Time. 1:42.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, handicap — As
cension won. l>e Reszke second, Huzzah third.
Time. 1:28 1.5.
■ Fifth race, one and a fourth miles — Bessie
McCarthy won. Colonel Tyler second. Past
third. Time. 2:09.
Sixth race.Ninlle, selling — The Guardsman
won. Decoration second, Mamsella third.
Time, 1:43.
MAKES A PESPERATE
EFFORT TO ESCAPE
James Bailey Breaks Away From a
Policeman and Risks Life in
James Bailey, known to the police
as a morphine fiend and suspected of
having committed various acts of
petty larceny, made a desperate at
tempt to escape from the custody of
the police yesterday morning. Bailey
was arrested by Officer Connolly on
Kearny street, but while en route to
the Hall of Justice made a bold dash
*or freedom.
The desperate man first ran into a
lodging-house at the corner of Mer
chant street and Dunbar alley, 'from
which he traversed a narrow ledge on
the addition from the Morgue build
ing to the Hall of Justice. From the
ledge he leaped head foremost
through a window into the Morgue
building, carrying the sash with
him. Messenger James Murphy cor
nered the man and after a few blows
had been exchanged turned him over
to the waiting officers. Bailey was
not Injured by his leap through the
window.
Body Found In the Bay.
The body of Francis Charlin, a
sailor, was found floating off Washing
ton-street wharf yesterday afternoon
by D. L. O'Brien and Frank Beggs.
two employes of the McNeil Launch
Company. Deceased had been em
ployed on the French ship Vercinge
torix as engineer of the donkey engine.
About twelve days ago he was paid off
and was subsequently seen drunk
along the water front.- From the con
dition of the body it is the opinion of
Autopsy Surgeon Bacigaltffrl that the
body had been in the water about ten
days. An examination of the remains
gives no evidence of foul play.
It is generally the hot-headed poker
player who first displays symptoms of
cold feet.
"£; ADVERTISEMENTS. .
p, thT
A Favorite wit'h \( A Cigar that Burns
Fastidious Smokers. Quality to the End.
! : CHAS; MATTHEAS & CO., , Distributers, San Francisco
FAST COURSERS
ARE TO MEET
Sixty-Four Greyhounds of Class
Are Entered for This Week's
Competition at Union Park
PALO ALTO. WILL START
Eugene Geary's Champion 13
Carded to Meet Keal Article
in First Round on Sunday
The sixty-four dog stake which will
b<» decided on Sunday at Union Cours
ing Park is'fairly bristling with class.
All the courses in the first run-down
are close and promise to keep the talent
busy trying to pick "winners. Palo Alto
and Real Article will lt»>ok up for a
trial and an exciting struggle is ex
pected to result. Judge P. J- Reilly
will be in the saddle. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Texas Jill vs. Our Motto; Cubanola. vs. lily
"Wright: Richard Anton vs. Snapper Oarrison;
Apple Blossom vs. Amandan: Itasiime vs.
Fancy Free: Intruder vs. General Dewct; Ajjt
tator v» Emtn Bey; Vandal vs. eascaiw;
Tounir Johnny Rex vs. Hudson; Lonetta vs.
BUI Dugan; Real Article vs. Palo Alto; l.loui
burst v.». Sempronius; Clarice vs. Helen Hayes;
Kenegade Aaa;he vs. Maid of the Glen: Gam
bit vs. John Heenan: Orslna va. Duhallow;
High Bom vs. Crawford Belle: Liberator vs.
Vurptoot Boy: Gilmore Girl vs. Cloveradl*:
Uttle Plunger vs. Frisky Barbara: Ordlnanc*
vs. Aggie W; Texas Hoo Hoo vs. Melrose.
Colored Lady vs -Balendine: Ret* S vs. Kac
ing Auto: Fenil vs. Rocker Arm: N lobe vs.
Free Born; Dartaway vs. Fair Tralee: FTe«
From Flaw vs. Texas Betty; Xellle W lse .v«.
Donnybroolt: Eagle vs. Pepper Jack: Irvlngton
Tralea >s. Mellenwood; P«pper Hill vs. East
lake.
MANY BOXERS APPLY
FOR REINSTATEMENT
Registration Committee Will Not Re
cede From Its Action anil Refers
Applicants to Association.
The registration committee of the
Pacific Athletic Association met last
night in the Emma Spreckels building.
Applications for restoration to ama
teur standing were received from
SamBerger and all the other boxers
suspended last week. The committee
will not recede from its position, so
the applications will be acted upon at
the next regular meeting of the asso
ciation on the 17th inst.
The Lincoln Club has announced a
programme of fights for the 12th inst..
but being under suspension it cannot
promote them. The club officials of
fered to put up a certified check for
$250 yesterday guaranteeing that they
would not transgress the amateur
laws again.
PETER LOHMAN SECURES
CRACK FIRST BASEMAX
Manager of the Oakland Team Signs
JuIIns Streib for the Season
of 1901.
OAKLAND, Feb. 3. — Manager Pete
Lphman of the Oakland baseball team"
has signed First Baseman Julius
Streib for the season of 1904 and h*
also expects to secure the services of
Schmidt, who pitched for the cham
pion team of 1902.
Streib covered the initial sack for
the local team in 1902 and his* return
should greatly strengthen next year's
team. With one exception the sign
ing of Streib completes the Infield of
the team of 1902. which consisted of
Streib, first base; Mohler, second l#se;
Devereaux, third base, and Francks,
shortstop. Mohler has been signed by
Seattle.
Benny Yanger a Winner.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Feb. 3.— Benny
Yanger of Chicago bested Jack Fra
zier of Portland. Me., to-night In the
fifth round of what was to have been
a twenty-round go. The sponge was
thrown up by Frazier'a seconds in the
fifth round. Frazier made a creditable
showing. Yanger*3 generalship had
weight in winning the fight from the
start.
MISSIONARY CONFERENCE
HOLDS CLOSING SESSION
Bay District Association Completes
Annual Meeting Held at the Fir-t
Christian Church.
The Bay District Missionary Con
ference was completed yesterday af
ternoon at the First Christian Church
on Twelfth street, near Howard. A
large crowd was in attendance. The
following programme was renjjerei!:
Morning— 9:30 o'clock, devotional P. C.
McFurlane: 10 o'clock. "Prayer as a Factor in
Soul Saving." Frank Stuart Fterd; 10:30
o'clock. "Personal Work." T. H. Lawaon. C.
W. Jopson. Peter Colvln: 11:20 o'clock. "Musie
In Evangelistic Work." led by Mlsa Hazelrigg;
11:50 o'clock, business.
Afternoon — 1:30 o'clock. "The Pastor an*
the Evangelist." F. I* Plait: 2 o'clock.
"Preparation and Organization for Evanxells
tlo Meetings." R. L. McHatton. Mrs. Clara
Hazelrlgg; 3 .o'clock. "Th» Gospel That
A. C. McKeever: 3:30 o'clock. "Our
Opportunities," J. P. Dargitz; 8 o'clock, de
votional. E. w. Darst: 8:30 o'clock, sermon.
M D. Clubb.
The following officers were elected
to servo the association during the En
suing year: President. T. A. Boyer;
vice president, G. T. Meeker: secre
tary and treasurer, George Loken.
H. F. Titus to Lecture To-Nlght.
H. F. .Titus, the editor of the Seat
tle Socialist, will deliver a lecture to
night at the Temple." 117 Turk street,
on the subject of "How to Get Rich."
Like cures like except in the disease
known as love.ADV2STISEME2JTS.
TO=DAY IS
PIANO=BUYERS' DAY.
The Wiley B. Allen Co. Is Mak-
ing it Most Interesting to All
Piano=Buyers in Closing Out
the Big Stock of the Mauvais
Pianos at 931 Market Street.
When the Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany determined to retire from the
piano business they put before u* an
inventory of their stock with the prop-
osition to sell. We made a spot cash
«ffer an4 were surprised when, after
ji few moments' hesitation. Mr. Mau-
vais said: "Well. Mr. Allen, I shall
lose considerable money, but I accept
your o2fer. The pianos are yours, and
1 am out of Ihe business."
This tells the whole storv. The pianos
<-ame to us at a price perhaps unpre-
cedented in the history of the piano
trade in this" country. It is now up
to us 10 Ftirprise our customers,
shall i<h.ice some very low prices on
the«p rianofi. and there a're a lot of j
them. The advertisement of having
boupht "Ut such an old-established
concern as the Zego Mauvais Company
sffords us much satisfaction, and this,
edded to our pleasure in selling, so
many fine pianos t<i our friend* and
patrons at a price hardly ooverinp the
cost of material and labor In them,
iiiakes us fully satisfied.
The pianor. we hav° purchased from
th<* Vauvais Company are chiefly
hiph gxactt? ar.d most valuable. They
rrc not cheap instruments. The Wiss-
nrr has scarcely a superior anywhere, j
The IV-hr Bros, is well known and pop- |
ular in all parts of the country. Th* j
Schubert is a favdttte piano with the
trade, and the pfaumeister is another j
exceedingly tine piano. These in par-
ticular rir<* the makes that we are of-
fering B»r sale at such low prices be- |
cause v.e bought them at a figure j
which will justify rfs to do so.
«•«*•••• *j
To-day we have a few quick-selling I
specials! For $1*50.00 you will get a ,
fine little uprieht piano, ivory keys. !
fulls* guaranteed. For Slo5.00 you get a -
better one.
Then, ajrain, we have a larpe num-
ber of the simplex Pia no-Players. In
no part of the world does the Simplex
Player sell for less than $250.00. We
will spII the lot we now have on hand
for S200.00 cvon, and make a discount
on the Player music also during this
sale.
To those who perhaps may not know
the standing of the Wiley B. Allen
Company, let us say that we have been
In business since the days of '76. We
have sold thousand^ and thousands of
pianos all over this coast — from the
wild, weird regions of the north to the
tropics of the south, and from the arid
plains of the Middle West to tha most
remote Western Slope and across the
Fcas t<* the Orient beyond; but never
before.'* not in the annals of our busi-
ness career, have we ever offered such
excellent pianos for so little money as
ri?ht now. •
We are sure that we can interest
you. The prices we quote win be Jt
purprise to you. and, arrangements can
1^ made to make the terms of sale
easy lor you if you desire.
Call soon. Our warerooms are open
O'eninsrs during this sale.
THC WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
9S1-933 Market St.
DEEM FOUNTAIN
IS OBSTRUCTION
Works Board Members Say Gift
of Lotta Impedes Traffic and
Musi Be, Eemoved in Time
The Board of Works yesterday direct
ed die City Engineer to prepare plans
for a pubitc safety station at the cor
ner of Powell and Market streets. The
station is to be similar to the one at
Market and Kearny streets.
Commissioner Woodward desired to
know if the latter station did not-inter
fere with on the thoroughfare.
Commissioner Ca*ey replied that traffic
■was seriously impeded at the point
•where it stood on account of the prox
imity of Lotta's fountain.
"The fountain is very much in the
•way," paid Casey, "and it is only a
question of time when It must be re
moved from its present location. Of
course the proposed new station at
Powell street will have more surround
ing space and teaming will httve more
room* than at Kearny street."
The board also expressed itself In
favor of placing the proposed new con
venience elation underneath the safety
station at Powell sfreet. The City En
gineer is now preparing plans for the
convenience station.
The board approved the map of the
district to be assessed for grade
changes on Fourteenth street, between
Castro and Alpine.
The San Francisco Construction Com
pany was granted a permit to construct
a sewer on Frederick street, between
First avenue and Willard street;
Grades were ordered changed on San
rhez and Thirtieth and Green and Fill
more streets.
On account of ill health Building In
spector M. A. Clark resigned and hi3
refcisnation was accepted.
The board ordered the construction of
an artificial stone sidewalk on Green
Ftreet. ne*r Webster, the owner having
failed, after due notice, to replace a
dangerous wooden sidewalk in front of
his premises at 20C0 Green street.
The board decided to order the con
struction of sidewalks nine feet In
width on Point Lobos avenue from Wil
liamson to Flirt avenue.
The receipts of the Bureau of En
gineering for January were reported to
be $791 for lot surveys and $948 50 for
street work surveys, a total of $1739 .'»0.
The expenses, not including the salary
vl the City Engineer, were $4444 03.
Chief Clerk Orrett Resigns.
Edwin Orrctt. for many years chief
Oerk of the purchases and supplies
department of the Southern Pacific
Company, has tendered his resignation
to Manager Stevenson to take effect
on February 15. It is announced that
b*» haa retired to accept a position
with R. P. Behwerin. who recently re
tired from the Southern Pacific Com
pany to take full charge of the Har
riman steamship interests. Manager
Stevenson of the purchases and sup
plies department of the road has ap
pointed Edmund Burke, at present
a clerk in the offlce, to succeed Or
rett as chief clerk, to take effect as
soon at the latter retires.
GIVES DINNER
AT A CLUB TO
HIS FIANCEE
By Sally Sharp.
Under fruit laden branches of orange
genial Jack Wilson gave a dinner at
the Bohemian Club last night, honoring
his fiancee, Miss Cluff, with the final
festivity before their nuptials on the
10th inst.
An amber glow spread from yellow
shades, toning exquisitely with the
golden fruit and its symbolic blossoms.
And, whether by accident or design,
the bride-to-be was gowned in a regal
yellow chiffon robe, spangled with gold.
It was distinctly a yellow dinner, and
one of note as a function of perfect de
tail. Goodfellowship — that which far
outshines the arts of the chef or cellar
man—distinguished the affair from" all
too many of Its fellows.
The bridal party, consisting of Miss
de Young:, Miss Constance de Young,
Miss Pearl Landers and Miss California
Cluff, were conspicuously honored
guests.
This gay. feast brought to a finis a
round of entertainment in honor of the
fair bride-to-be. The week that re
mains before the wedding will be ab
sorbed religiously by the gownmaker
and the rest of the trousseau tribe—
with a few hours of rest— the rarest
thing to-day in the possession of a
prospective bride — wedged in between.
A notable wedding was celebrated
yesterday at 3 o'clock, when Mis3
Louise Harrington, daughter of Mrs.
W. P. Harrington, became the bride of
Lieutenant William D. Leahy.
Owing to a recent bereavement the
tfffair was celebrated in the . quietest
manner possible, the bride being at
tended solely by Miss Marie Louise
Harrington, a tiny niece; Lieutenant
Hanrahan, U. S. N., serving the groom
as best man.
The bride, a Junoesque girl of fine
style, never appeared more lovely than
in her nuptial robe of white Chantifly
over ivory silk.
It is a matter of regret that Mrs.
I^eahy must be lost to local society, but
such is the chosen lot of the naval
brides. As Mr. Leahy is attached to
the Tacoma its destination will decide,
their future abiding place.
The marriage of Miss Mabel I. Gunn
and Louis M. Dillman of Chicago last
night was a surprise to the many
friends of. the bride.
. Miss Gunn, who is the daughter of
Amos F. Gunn, is a native of this State
and has spent all her life here. The
groom is manager of the Chicago
branch of the American Book Publish
ing Company and is well known in
business, social and club circles in that
city. He is a graduate of Ohio Uni
versity. During his periodical visits
I here he met Miss Gunn and fell in lave
with her at sight. The engagement
! has only been of short standing; al
, though the interested parties have been
j acquainted for some time.
The marriage was solemnized ' last
night in the apartments of the bride's
j father at the St. Nicholas Hotel. The
• rooms were magnificently decorated in
honor of the occasion. A great pro
! fusion of beautiful white roses filled
every available space, while in the bay
window was suspended a large um
; brella wrought of white crown lilies
■ and tiny electric lights.
The . marriage service was read by
Bishop Nichols. At the conclusion
: of the ceremony an elaborate
wedding supper was served in adjoin
i ing apartment^. The bride was a pic
| ture of exquisite loveliness in a beau
■ tiful wedding robe of white crepe de
chine over silk and chiffon, the waist
trimmed wJth point applique. Her coif
fure was dressed high and from it de
pended the wedding veil and wreath
of orange blossoms that had been worn
by her mother on her wedding day
thirty years ago. Her corsage was
decked *with two magnificent pendants
i of rare pearls and diamonds, the gift
[ of the groom.
Mrs. Gunn looked very handsome in
a rich gown of pale gray crepe, with
point lace.
Only the relatives of the family were
present.
Mrs. Dillman will be greatly missed
i in this city, where she enjoys a large
; and devoted circle of friends and ac-
I quaintances.
Mr. and Mrs. Dillman will leave at
i 10 o'clock this morning for an extended
visit to Eastern and Southern cities,
and will then return to Chicago, where
they will reside permanently.
Miss Ardella Mills and Miss Eliza
beth were hostesses at a very pleasant
card party yesterday in their apart
ments at the Cecil. Fourteen friends
were entertained with the well-known
charm of the Misses Mills. The clever
ness of the young ladies at entertaining
is another unquestionable evidence of
heredity. .
Quite the most attractive luncheon of
the week was given yesterday by Miss
Jane Wilshire in honor of Miss Con
stance de Young. It was indeed an af
fair of "hearts," great red hearts and
red blossoms making the decoration.
But quite the prettiest decoration in
the room was the group of maidens
around the table, who were Miss Con
stance de Young, Miss Mabyl Cluff,
Miss Frances Harris, Miss Ruth Fos
ter. Miss Gertrude Van Wyck, Miss
Clara Carpenter, Miss.Gertrude Jolliffe,
Miss Alice Sullivan, I Miss Margaret
Mee, Miss Florence Cole and Miss Alice
Treanor.
Friday brings the ever welcome Fort
nightlies. Likewise the Entre Nous
at the Palace.
• • •
On Saturday Miss Mabel Toy will
entertain at a tea at her Vallejo-street
home in honor of the Misses Duffy of
Rochester, X. Y.
Mrs. Maurice Casey and Miss Dillon
POSTUM CEEEAL.
WHEN THE
Coffee
Becomes an
SILnemv
Jl • •
And save what's left of your
health.
EASY TO QUIT when you
take on well-made
POSTUM
COFFEE
I,ook in package for the mini-
ature book, .
"The Road to Wellville."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
TRUSTS NOT DANGEROUS
SAYS DR. ALBERT SHAW
Editor of Review of Reviews Discusses Capital
Combines,* the Tariff and Need of Reciprocal
Relations With Canada and' Philippine Group
EDITOR OF THE REVIEW OF REVIEWS, WHO ARRIVED IN THIS
CITY YESTERDAY. HE WILL LECTURE THIS EVENING AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ON "MORALS OF TRADE."
Dr. Albert Shaw, editor of the Ameri
can Monthly Review of Reviews, and
regarded as one of the most careful
students of political science and eco
nomics in this country, arrived in this
city yesterday and is registered. at the
Palace Hotel. Dr. Shaw's coming to
San Francisco at this particular date
is primarily due to an engagement to
lecture before the student body of the
University of California to-night. He
will discuss "The Morals of Trade."
a subject provided for under the Henry
Weinstock benefice* Dr. Shaw said yes
terday:-
The subject gives ample latitude and I will
take advantage of the fact. I am satisfied that
Mr. Weinttock had in view, when he selected
this subject, a broad contemplation of wha:
it was expected to cover. I expect to dwell
considerably on the present business methods
and conditions of the day. We have all no
doubt realized that a business la no longer re
garded in the light of a private matter, but
more as a public affair, where the individual
aim is to accomplish something that Is In the
end a benefit shared by the entire community.
A business duty has developed to a point sim
ilar to that of a -newspaper, which Is a pri
vate tnterprlse. yet working in the interest of
all. It 1* like a. surgeon's practice or the
traffic operations of our great railroads.
Dr. Shaw referred to the high order
of intelligence that has asserted itself
to a remarkably extent in the world's
great business affairs of the last few
years, and gradually his remarks cen
tered upon the existence of the trusts
and their effects on the conditions of
mankind. Asked if he thought the
trust tended to minimize the oppor
tunities of young men in business pur
suits, he replied that it was his opinion
that while these great c/ombinations
may change the careers of many young
men they will eventually right them
selves in the new conditions and pro
ceed with the same success or failure
that might have attended their efforts
under the old condition of affairs. In
have issued cards for luncheons on the
9th and the 11th at their beautiful new
home.
On Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Spreckels will entertain at a large din
ner.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. McCracken of
Portland, Or., are at the Palace. They
are en route from New York, where
they have been spending the. winter.
Last night a pretty wedding occurred
at St. Mary's, when Miss Madaline B.
Leahy became the bride of Judge John
J. Van Nostrand. An informal recep
tion was held at the California Hotel,
after whJch the young people departed
for the south for a two weeks' nuptial
trip.
Mrs. J. Parker Currier will entertain
about sixty guests at luncheon to-day
at the St. Dunstan.
PKKSOXAL.
State Controller E. P. Colgan-is at the
Lick.
Judge George F. Buck of Stockton is
at the Lick.
R. P. Quinn, Mayor of Watsonville,
is at the Grand. -
Commander W. S. Hughes, U. S. N.,
is at the Occidental.
Grant Snyder, a Lake mining
man, is at the Palace.
Former Congressman T. G. 'Geary of
Santa Rosa is at the Grand.
Arthur Levinsky, an attorney of
Stockton, is registered at the Palace.
August Berg, one of the leading grain
merchants of Portland, is at the Pal
ace. ;
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento bee, and wife are at the Califor
nia.
James Drysdale, a mining man .of
Calgary, N. W. T., registered at the
Lick yesterday.
Carl Spuhn, prominently identified
with large fishing interests in Alaska,
is at the Palace en route to Southern
California.
I. W. Barnett, a mining man of Chile,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday
with his family. He has come to San
Francisco to place two of his sons in
college.
Immigration, Commissioner Hart H.
North left last night for Loa Angeles
and" San Diego, on official , business
connected with the immigration ser
vice at those points and the. Mexican
boundary.
other words, Dr. Shaw expressed him
self most charitably toward the trusts,
a few of which, he admitted, had men
aced industrial and commercial pro
gress, but he argued. that the majority
had been of benefit. He continued:
If you wjll look backward a little you will
recall a number of so-called trusts that . were
really of a menacing character, but being
b-ueh they goon disappeared from the Indus
trial field. The majority of the trusts exist
ing to-day, and especially the greatest of these
combinations of Invested capital. In my opinion
have wrought no harm to' the communities.
They have not advanced the price. of commo
dities consumed. : but. have Increased the con
sumption cf products and In no way Injured
the common purchaser. Those who have suf
fered mainly. If any suffering has been the
case In the organization of these big con
cerns, are those who Invested their capital in
them. Of course, a few have lost their sav
ings.- but most of. the losses can be easily
traced . to the wealthier classes, which
contributed - the capital for the ex
perimental undertakings. Many of the accu
sations that have been hurled at the heads of
trusts of late might more Justly have been
modified to charges of mistakes. These rich
men undertook many things that have since
proved mUtakes and no one realizes that they
were mistaken more than those who were per
haps responslhle for them. But all these dif
ficulties will finally adjust themselves.
HONOR AND ITS USES.
Dr. Shaw classifies the trust as a
high order of commercial enterprise and
looks to its development Into a per
manent and perfect method of modern
business. In all undertakings of a com
mercial character he concedes that
business honor figures prominently, and
in dwelling on this fact he remarked:
Honor, of course, belongs to the man and
his success In life depneds on how he will use
it. If he has the instinct of the rogue It will
poon show Itself. The trust is ostensibly for
the promotion of honest business Intersourse,
and in my Judgment It greatly eliminates
much of the old-time cutthroat method of
carrying on business enterprises by maintain
ing a schedule of prices and providing vast
numbers of the toilers with employment" and
broader avenues for the marketing of prod
ucts.
Although unwilling to enter into a
general discussion of the political pos
sibilities of the coming national cam
paign or to suggest the probable Presi
dential candidates to be chosen at the
party conventions, Dr. Shaw did vol
unteer the prediction that the trusts
would not cut much of a figure in the
deliberations of the two great parties,
and sa!d:
Of course, much may depend on who Is nomi
nated, but when it is remembered that Wall
street is Interested In both tickets, It becomes
doubtful if the trusts will be made a great is
sue of the campaign. There are men there of
both parties . and they are busily engaged in
making tickets, and, if I am not mistaken, they
are nt present very busy with the making of
the Democratic ticket*. They realize that the
Interests of the country cannot be Jeopardised
by attacks on Industrial concerns.
Taking up the often suggested propo
sition, that the existing high tariff of
the country was materially responsible
for the development of the trust farm
of business, the gentleman replied that
he did not coincide with those who have
made this claim, and added:
The heads of the trusts have the mgclves
told you that they were not greatly concerned
over the tariff. They control the more Impor
tant products of the country and if the tariff
on similar commodities from abroad were re
duced they figure that they would not suffer
to any great extent.
Dr. Shaw expects to remain in this
city for several days and will then
journey to Southern California for a
litle rest, of which he is much in need.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE & CO.
STATIONERY
Invitations to Wed-
dings and all other
social occasions.
Marriage announce-
ments. Reception
and Visiting Cards.
Correspondence
papers embellished
•■■C crests, ct cetera. «• •» .
POST & MARKITT STS.
LOVED MOTHER
LAID TO REST
Last Sad Rites Over Body of
Mary, de Sales Bouse in the
Chapel at Magdalen ' Asylum
ELOQUENT TRIBUTE TAW
Father Casey Tells of the
Life of Heroic Self-Sacrifice
and Devotion Led by Deceased
v
The body of Mother Mary de Sales
Bouse, who for several years had been
Buperior at the Magdalen Asylum, was
laid to rest in Holy Cross Cemetery
yesterday morning. The funeral ser
vices were held in the chapel at the
Magdalen Asylum, where a solemn
requiem high mass was celebrated by
Father P. S. Casey, assisted by Fath
ers Lyons, Scanlon, Nugent. Demar
slni, S. J.; Mackey. Smith and Lande.
Father Casey preached an eloquent
sermon, in which he paid a fitting tri
bute to the noble woman who had
given up her entire life to work for
others and make their lot in life easier.
He dwelt particularly with the services
she had rendered at the Magdalen Asy
lum, where, he said, she had ever been a
true mother to all penitents, and all
will miss her.
For more than a quarter of a cen
tury Mother de Sales had labored in
California. She was educated by the
Sisters of Mercy at Kinsale, Ireland,
being a pupil of Mother Russell, who
afterward founded the order of Sisters
of Mercy in this country. Deceased
was received into the order in this
country by Mother Russell in 1S57, and
was sent to a branch house at Sacra
mento. As a teacher there she was
noted tf or her zeal and cleverness. After
leaving Sacramento she also taught at
Our Lady of Mercy and St. Peter's
schools in this city. After leaving St.
Peter's she was assigned to the Mag
dalen Asylum, where her self-sacrific
ing devotion to her labors and earliest
sympathy with those in misfortune
•won the hearts of all.
For the last three years she had
been afflicted with heart trouble, and,
as predicted by the doctors, death
came suddenly. Sunday morning she
began her duties as usual at 5 o'clock,
and appeared to be in better health
than usual. In the evening she had a
sudden attack of heart failure, from
which she never recovered. The funeral
was largely attended, members of the
order coming from Sacramento and
other places to be present at the cere
mony.
Madden Denies Statement.
The published statement that I in
vited to my house Hector A. Robichon.
the man named as corespondent in my
son's suit for divorce, is unqualifiedly
false. I have not seen the man since
August 1, 1903. when he called at my
house, uninvited, to see my wife con
cerning my daughter-in-law, Mrs. Edith
Partello Madden. Neither since Rob
ichon's dismissal from the army for con
duct unbecoming an officer and a gentle
man, nor before that event, have I in
vited him to visit my house. Whoever
says to the contrary says what is ab
solutely falne.
I do not know the purpose of this
malignant attack upon me unless it be
part of a campaign of vindlctiveness
against me because I have dared to
stand with my son. now absent from
home in the service of his country, in
the legal effort he is making to protect
his honor and the honor of his family.
• JEROME MADDEN.
Seeking Lost Brother.
A. Holbek of 475 Oak street, New
Haven, Conn., has written to the local
authorities for Information' regarding
a missing brother. The missing man's
name is Matthew R. Holbek and when
last heard from he was employed as a
salesman by the American Wringer
Company at. Sacramento.
! Bunko men are apain active in this
city, and seem to find plenty of fresh
victims daily. The gas range is no
bunko game if purchased of San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Co., 416 Poet. •
Will Lecture on Radium.
To-morrow night a lecture will be de
livered at the Mechanics' Institute on
"Radium and Radio Activity." The lec
turer will be Professor Edward Booth
of the University of California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL OFFER.
THIS FINE BUFFET 50
V: . . only v^^- —
Comes In Weathered Oak. beauUfully
finished, with excellent French Plate
Mirror. Don't let this opportunity
pass.
We've several other special offers
in Furniture that it will pay you to
investigate.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Furniture. Trunks. . Leather Goods.
Etc. I
128-132 ELLIS ST., Above Powell
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
ThJ» home for the aged, conducted by thj
Sisters of Mercy, is situated at San Diego.
Cal . on University Heights, overlooking the
ocean. The climate Is considered the flnesi In
the world, free from extremes of heat or cold.
Aged couple* are also received. The.chargei
for a home for life vary -from Sl&oo upward,
according to are and requlrement«. For further
information auoly to Plster Suoerlor St. • Jo-
seph's Sanitarium. San Diego. Cal.
B JkngiRtl n Cored to STAY CUKED. C»Mo
IfPTlIBfl "3 romored. Hetlth rntorrd. Afr-
it V I H |U| II Uckinerer return. K*t heartily
■ ■ w I IIIIIIl anrwhenb No further n«4 oJ
mcdirinn- Bonk SO FREE. Nini-tr t-»jt-«, »ll»b«n«
AUh m a aad U»y F«T*r. P. ilaxola Hay e». Bufflftlo. N. X
bailwat tea vel.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave TU SioaUU Fvrj I Arrive "
Saa Francisco f«t rf Hirtt H San FrancUc*
Week Son- ' ,1m - Sua- Week
Day». day* days Days.
•tl.-Ml'* 8:OOa fgS&B&a&B 12:05 riO-Tol
•1:46r 0:00a PWBiCMMy l:26r 2:BUr
5:15r 1O:OOa ' W%mc«KV S:5Op 5:. r ,Or
>.__. 11:OOa 4:GOr »:»O»
...... l:«Bp T&SBJr R:!i9r
■ »'i«» *-•»«»
•8— MtwHagag*** 7 Mym srt Tflltr Cm»
fICIir J6i6MAjncKTST.,( North Shore Railroad)
ffnCB | tad SaOSautO Fbuv, Foot Mark* St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ea XSf'S^SsSS'Cr A v v wir ■r?Vi1WnWr^Sffikl^^HH^DBffsrsH^M pM
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
ffTJp\ JHB si W^rAm II m
The Only Doable-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buftet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
Ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and \
Chicago & North-Western RysJ
Leaves San Francisco dally at 10 a. m. |
Two other trains dally at 9 a. m. and n
0 p. m.
For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE.
I Ceaenl Agrat Chicago & North- Westers Railway.
I 617 Market Street,
B SAS FRA SCI SCO, CAL. '
■L v way •
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 3):RO a. m., throuyh in 3 dara,
with diner and all trappings.
' Cther Santa Te Trains:
Z^S*' 111 '! * or Btocktcn, Fresno. Bakersfleld,
»:30a. m. f M erced. Hanford and VUalia.
8:110 p. m. j
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansaa City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrrXCES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 37 South Pint
St., Sam Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
. bAN FRANU&bU am j iiuHTH PACIFIC
SAILWAT COMPAZTT.
.Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FSAZrCZSCO TO SAW BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00. ll:OO a. m. ; 12:33.
3: an. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. ll:C0a..m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FSAKOZSOO.
WEEK DAYS— «:0S, 7:33. 7:50. 0:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Pa turdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. ta.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francjaco.l Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I SunT'fweek'
Days. I day. | tlon. ■ | day. | Days.
7:30a 8:OOa ~ tTilO • 8:40 a
9:30 a Igr.aclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 8:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a '' bUOa 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a , Petaluma. 8:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and ': | 7:33 pi
5:00 p Santa Roga. ), ' 1 -
7:30 a ■'•.*"■■ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton, i 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p ,-
Windsor. •- : •
7:."!0a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. " 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyenrllle. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdala.
7:30 al 8:00 a! . Hopland |10:40 a|10:C0 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| and LTtlah. | 7:83 pi 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:0Oa| *■" Wllllts. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
' 7:30 al 8:00 a] 110:40 allO^O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Ouern«vtlle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7 :30 a I 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0-:10aJ 8:40a
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:."0p| Sebastoool. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Or««n Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Pulton for Altruiia and. Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Spring's: at Gey-
tervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloveniale tor
the Geysers. 'Bconevtlle and Greenwood; at
Hopland fcr Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KeUeyvllle, Carlsbad Spring*. 6oda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Potno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierly's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Ilullvltle. Git's
Hot Spring*. Halfway Hoom, Comptcbe. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Port Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Layton-
vjll j. CummlnRS. ' Bell's Springs, Harris, 01-
•en'e. Dyer, Qarbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. , - ■
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On - Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
b«yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
. H. C. WHIT1NO. R. X. RYAN. '
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas*. Act.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'1 rains Imv« anil urn due to arrive at
SAN KUANCISCO.
<M*la Line. Foot of Market Street ) -
7.00* V«c»Tlile. wTuier*. Kuratey • 7-50P*
7.00a Benlcla. SuUua. Elmlraaad 3»cr»-
menio 7-20f
730a Valleja. Nspj. Caltstog». Sant»
Ko«s, Martlaex, Su a Ramon 6.20?
7.30* NUes, Llverinore, Trscy, Lsthrop.
Stockton 720»
1.00a Stm»M Express— (VI* I>»tU\
Wlllttmi (for Bsrtlev: Springs).
willow*. tFruto. Heii Ulu.T,
Portland. Taroma. Seattle 7.50r
8.00a DaTls.WooUlaitU. Knlshu Lauaing.
MwyiTllle. Orovttle 7-60?
8 30* Port Costa. Martinez. Aotloch.
Byron. Trscy. Siuctcton. S«w-
man. Los liaa '*. Mendota;
Armona. HanforO. V Italia.
Port«r»ll> 4.20*
8-30a Port Co»ta. Martlnrz. Trac7. Latb-
rop. Modn»to. Merced. Fresao. .
Goshen Junction. Hanford,
VUalla. BwkersnelU 4.50?
8 30a Nllei, San Jose, Llverraore. StocU- .
ton, (♦MP ton), lone. Sacramento,
Placer»!lle. Mary»tllle, Cnico,
Ked Bluff : 420?
8. 30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. S»-
nora. Taolutnne an<) Angels 4.20?
9 00a Atlantic Exprens—Oxden and East. 11.20a
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations ;... 850?
IOCOa The OTerlsnd Limited — Ogden.
DenYer. Omaha, Chicago ff.20?
1000a Vallejo 12.20?
10.00a Jx>» Anzeles Pa«»enger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goahen Junc-
tion, Ilanfor<l, Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakenfleld. Los Angeles 770*
2.00k Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. 3.2G?
11.00? Bacrsmento RlTer Steamen til Car
3J0r B«nlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
■Wooiila:*!. Knights Laadlne.
MsrytTtlle. OroTlll* and way
statlcns 1 95? 4
5 JO? Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.50?
3.30p Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Trsey. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyoud Port Costa 12 20?
3.30? Martinez. Tracy. Stock:on. Lodl... 10 20a
4 00? Martlnez.SaulUmon.ValleJo.Sapa,
CalUtoea, Santn Ru«m 9 2" v
400? Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2T."
4 30? naywarri. Niles. IrTlngton. Bant 48.50*
Juse. Llrermore » U 1.50a
6X0? The Oirl Limited— Newman. Los
Bsnos. Mt?ndoia. Fresno. Tolare.
Bakenfleld. Los Aneeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angelei, for Ol-
eago. r:a C. It. I. ft 1* — 3 50*
5X0? Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-23?
I t5 30? Hnywar.l. Mies and San Jo«« 7. 20*
> 8.00? Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose 9.sO*
8-00? Eastern Express— Ogdrn. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and.
East. Purt Coxta, Bealcla. Sul-
utin. Elm'.ra. DutU. Sacramento,
Ilofilln. Auburn. Colfaz.
Truckee. Boca. Uenj, Wads-
worth, Wtnnemacca .... 520*
6.00? Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 sn _
700? Valiejo. Sunday only f ' "°
7X0? l.li-hrnnnd. b»o Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20a
0X5? Oregon <k California Kxprets— Sac-
ramento. MarytTllle. Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-50*
9.10? Hay ward. Kllea and San Jose (Snn-
dayonly) 11.S0»
COAST LINE (.1arr»w ««agrs).
(Koot of M.trket Street.)
' 9.15a Newark, Oenterrllle. 8an Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Creek, Santa-
Cm* and Way Stations 5 S*r
t2-15? Kewark. Centervllle. San Jose.
Sew Almaden. Los Gatos. Felton.
Bonlder Crnek. Santn Cms and
Principal Way Stations tiO-554
4-15? Newark. 8an Jose. LosOatos and I *3.55 t
way stattooK ftiOaoA
O30? Hanters Train. Saturday only. C«a
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
i Ing from Los Gatos Pnnrtay only, tl 25?_
! OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From b AN KKAJiCli>CO. Foot of Market St. (SllpO
-17:13 »:U) HiUUa.x. 100 3 09 5-15?.*
FraBJ OAKLAND. Foot or Bruatlway — 1«:00 »:<»
18:05 10:0O am. 1200 2 00 400 ?■»■
COAST UNE (Uroad Wansf).
tr (Third ana tmrnaeua Strests.)
81 Oa San Jose and Way SMttons.... . 630?
7 00a San Jo»« and Way Button* 5 38?
8 00a New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only), 4.10'
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose. -
Gllroy (connection for Holils-
ter). Psjaro. CastroTllle (con-
nection fo and from Monterey
' and Paclfle Grove). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Puo Robles, Santa Mar- • '
garlta. SaA Luis Oblspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal ststlons . •
thence Santa Bart>ara.San P.'i'iv
Tentara, Sautcus. ba Anselw... tO-43* 1
9.C0a San Jose. Tres Pino*, Cspltola,
San tnC'ruz.Fitclflcfirove. Salinas.
San Luis Obtspo and Principal
Way 8tatlon <- l?Z
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations .. 120?
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way 8tatlons ' 3Op
UO? San Jose and Way Stations 8 38a
5 00? Del Monte Fxprrss— Ssnta Clara.
San Juse. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connect* at Sant*
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Karrow Gauge fjatnu)
•t Gllroy for Hollliter. Tres
Plnos. at CMtrnTllIe for Salinas. 12.15*
8-50? Tres Plnos Way Passensrer 10 45*
4 30? San Jose and Way Stations t3 00a
t5 00f Ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) ' tS-OOA
«6 JOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 13 43*
6.00? Sunset Limited.— Ue<!wo«'d. Baa
Jo»e.Ollroy.Sa!Inas,PasolJobles,
fan Luis Oblspo. SanU R^rharm, ' •
Loa Angeles. D«mlnsr. Ei Paso,
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Cms
snd at CastrovCln for Pacific
Orore and Way Statlona. ....... - 71!>»
tS -15? £an>lateo.Beresford,B< > lniont.Saa
Carlos. Hedwooil, Fair Oaks,
MeoloPark. Palo Alto t643«
8 30? San Jose and Way Stations. 6 384
8-OQr Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15a
11.30? South »anFrancl»ea.MU:brae. Bur-
llnganie. San Mateo. Belmont,
ban Car'.oa. Redwood. Fair Oaks, j -
Menlo Park, and Palo Altoe 9.43?
«1 1-30? Msyfleld. Mountain View. Sunny- ,.*> -
rale, Lawrence, S*ata Clan sod
i ■■ ' ' San Jow • .■ <9-4S?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
1 Sunday excevted. ■ t 8anday only,
a Saturday only.
| Stops at all stations oa Sunday.
rr-Only train* stopping at Valencia St. sonthboaa4
»reb:W a.*.,-,:VOa.*.. ll:i» A.Jf..3:2up.M.. 6:C0^.K.aa-l
1:00 p.si.
BTOSAJIRAFAEL,
ROSS'VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
tIa Sausalito Perry.
' Suburban Service. Standartl Gauge Electric—
I Depart E?m^ San >'z»nc»cfl , D.lly^T:^. 5;CO.
u-oo 10-U) 11:<A>». m.. 1-.2W, l.*5, 3:1S. -t.li.
'B : 15 «"ij I0O. »:«. 10:20. 11:45 D. m.
VROM «» \V KAKAFX TO SAN FRANCISCO
— DaHv-5$£ "tf* T:40i 8:33. 9:35. U:05 a.
S? E K U43. T.S3. 3:15. 4M5. 5:15. o:li.
8 'fROM^MILI^V ALLEY TO SAN FRA N-
7:6s, 0:0^ 1^^- TRAIxg .
8:00 a, m. dalty — Cazadero and way »tatlor.s.
5:15 p. m. week day a (Saturdays excepted>—
Torr.alea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ■ r
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Market «t
TERRT- Unlen Depot, foot of Market st
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
a souvenir or WSSSKKSM metropolis or thc
;oe:j D. SgaZCgSI^. Proprietor.
\Y. J. MARTIN* BusUress Manager
TELEPHONE.
Af-k for TJin CALL. The Opera^r Will Con-
t.ecl Tou With the DepsinaeBt >\ isa.
Pi;!.;ica«lor. Oilier Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Koora 217 to 221 Stevenson Bt
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Per Week. 75
dm Per M-nth. Simile Copies 5 Cents
Terras by Mail. Including Pcss«ge iCaan w un
Order): -'
DAILT CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 Y" 1 * •■**¥?.
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). 0 mcs... 4^00
l>AlI-r CALL— By Pintle Month ••**
FT'NPAY CALL. 1 Year - [~
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year i- .
,. nt , rIr - v f Daily.. $8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J da 4 15 ytT Year Extra
POfcTAGE Wvcekly. 1.00 Pe* Year Extra
*TT POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
quested. .
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of ad-
Cress should b« particular to cive both NEW
/ND OLD ADDSESS in order to tarow a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
'OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKEI.EY OFFICE.
CltS Center Street Tolephoae Nortn «<
WASHINGTON- CORRESPONDENT. fi
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.iJorf- Astoria Hitel: A. Bretano. 31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICXGO NEWS STANDS.
Ehrrman House: P.' O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trrmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: r<
C. GEORGF. KROGNESS.-Manjuette Building
tLong Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PTEPHKN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCEI3CESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
rail, corner Market and Third t^reets: open
until 12 '"-lock every nirht In the year.
" BRANCH OFFICES:
JOTS Markot streeu opposite F.fth; '-pen until
11 r. rn.
K7 Morr^ffomcry street, corner Clay; opea un-
til 9:30 p. m.
"no Hayes street: cpen ur.tll 3:.1O p. m.
♦"-■?:♦ McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin cireet; open until S):3O p. m.
lUil Miwion street; open ur.iil 10 p. m.
22til Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
lfxi Eleventh strict: open until 9 p. m.
IQM Valencia street; open until ft p. ra.
NTthfast comer Church and Duncan etreets:
i pen until 9 n. tn.
Northweft corner of Tw»T5ty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: or-en ur.til 9 p. m.
??(*> Fillmore gtreet: <-p»ri until 9 n. m.
MEETING riOTICKS.
A REGULAR- meeting of Terba Buena ««.
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and J*
A. Scottish Rite of Freemasonry. fA
will be held in Ccmmand«ry Hall. c*£\*
Masonic Temple, on THURSDAY
EVENING. Ftb. 4, 1903, r.l 7:^0 oV. «.k.
Fourth ajid fifth d'erees. Vinlf.-'K brethren
eoriially Invited. HENRY BURNETt. S" C .
MISSION Chapter. No. 70. R. A. M.— O
Stated mating THIS (THI-RSDAY) VV
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. <le- /^r\
Ere*. By rrder of the II. P .',
JOHN R. H1LLMAN. Secretafo,.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe Nr». 1. F. and A. « '
M.. will meet THIS (THVRSDAYI VV
EVENING. Feb. 4, at 7:30 o'clock /NrV
Stated meeting. By order of the Has-
ter. K1UXKLIX H. DAY. Pecretarj-.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 120. F. and A. m
M— Stated rueetine THIS (TiarRP-VVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o"clo- k. By /V\
order of th» W. M.
FREDKHICK BARRY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodr*" No Iffl. F. an.i A. 11. »
— Offioerr ard members - re hereby "^Sf
r.otifled to attend th» funeral of /\f\
deceased brother. HENRY HITCH-
COX, from the hall of th's lodge, FKIDAY
AFTERNOON at 1 :"O oVlrvk. By or<W of
lh» W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
roRIO L.vlee No. 216. F. and A. M— «
Stafsj rneptlnj; and lhird dt-pri" THIS
<THrR>PAy> EVENING :;t 7 :W> /V\
o'clock. By rrd»r of the Marter.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
FTARR-KINU Ijnice No. 344. F. and Q
A. M.. T.17 I>»\l?»''.ero St.— Stated 'V'V
meeting THIS EVENING at 7:.Trt/V\
o'clock. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
TO the Officers and Members of Gap Workers'
Union No. 9*40— You are h»rehy notified
that a bperlal me<-t.nK »i!l l>e heM THIS
iTHl'P.SDAYt EVENING. Fob. 4. 1JW»4. ' in
Fratemsil Hall, firrt flfjor Aloa.rar baildliE,
Et 8 o'clovk. A full attTidan-e is requested,
rs busineys of importance will oome before
thin meeting. JOHN J. BRE.SLIN. Pres.
FRED-*:. GROTH. S*oret»ry.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ir.g cf the Etockholder* of the Union Truit
Company of Ssn Francisco will be held at th«
efflce cf the -Ximr&ziy In the Union Trust
Company's building, corner Post, Montgom-
ery and Market *ts.. San Francisco. Cal on
THURSDAY, the 4th day of February. ijKM.
■ t the hcur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pore of "let-ting- a board cf directors to serve
'.ct th» fflloTvirg year, the amendment of the
I > -jaws of the company and the transaction
cf r-jch ntber business as may come before
the !r.e»ting.
C^lA^Hii J^DEERING. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of Ca!ifomla
T- ! " li at *£' °' flc « of the company.
V'o 229 £l? cker buf;<5; '-P. City and Osunty
SJrJ^? .f"?^*^. BttH of California on
MONDAY, the 8th d«y of February 1904 at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. ta.. for the purpose
cf fleeting directors for the ensuing year
er.d the transaction of *uch other buptne'i as
rnsv come before eaid meeting. Dated at
6an Francisco. Cal.. January 23 1904 a
D FRESHMAN. Secretary. ' '
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeu
ISC of th« stockholders of the Matson Vavl-
l-atlon Comply will be held at the office of
the comply. :;27 Market «.. Em Franc^co
CaU «n THURSDAY, the 11th day of Feb™!
■fT. U»04. at ihe hour of 2 o'clock p m for
the purpose rf electing a board of directors
to «erv» for Ihe enFUing year and th« trans-
action of tuch ether business as may come
frefore the rre^»lr.s.
GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
V.'/'CTHD— Agents and representatives of good
r" ! ,^ S f>r * * lar ** nnanri »' institution;
liuil/ling and loan anfl insurance men can
•v.-.ly make from $200 to *::oo p«. r month.
• -M o r vrr'.U! P-creta:T. room 200, 713 Mar-
ket. «., San Franc^o.
LADT B^rnts wanted to take orderV~for~^ur
J'l?h-era'> p!!k wal?ts; pleatant and proflt-
eWf rmrMoj-meTjt. <kII J*t. 2:30 and 5 r>
_ ta.. W. STYAN Sr CO.. fif) Taylflr st.
£ GJ 225f2*£ y" 1 for a proportion that I*
r le^ided tmprov^mer.t on building and loan
1* wortli having. Great Western Improve-
rr-.T.t (omr-ar.y. Psrrott bulldlnir.
_ ADVEKTISEMEirr WBIT1KO.
i*'AVIXG recently acfjulre^ through "exc"h. r «
cf property three t4<» nrholarBhlps In the Wt
CMtan of Advertising in the United States!
I will *».! tt,pm «t J.% per cent dlsr-ount for
cnthj the cringe tfarh»s advertl»*ment writ
irrr by corrfsi.ondence an( i 8 «M«ts Its grad-
uctcs to Fecure positions; catalosues fur-
rii>h«vi on srrfr'atlon. Ad-Ireyii bci 3026. Call.
ATlo\\KY.' --A~T^UA~XV~.
W. IL BITTNEr! "
ATTORNET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advloe frf-e. I'hone 8outh 743.
fiulte 222. Emma Epreckels bulldinr
D"VOTCtt fjuleily and legally obtained* for
.-•tit causes; damsgr-s eecured for Injuries to
pri*on or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully dctnined: attachments and garnish-
ments ror 6'itlr: bonds furnished: bankruptcy
jiroceedinjrf ; wills probated; estates settled-
rolled ions made in all parts of the U. S. '
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Fee rr.e and nave nnnpy; no rsy in advance
O. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KrtahliFhed 22 yrs.; nns. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fL
1122 Marl:ct rt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
flth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
ytarr: all case*; general court and office prac>
tie*; no fee In advance or for consultation:
evenings \,y appointment. Ttl. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I trli! advance cost In meritorl-
<<u» <•»««: dlvoree*. probate and all other Jaw
f«iw*.; no fre» In advance; open every even-
Ing. 3. M. THURSTON. 819 Market ru. r. 3L
DIVORCE— Contt. $12; quirk, quiet; advice
1rrt-; ojien evenings. 021 Market St.. r. 30L
L. 8, CLARK. 027 Merkct rt.; consultation
in ' : do fL'.» In advance; open evenlnra. ---'
ATTOnXET-AT-LAW Conttnned.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 8>5. 916 Market et.; tel. John 6228.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC -
Selling cut Rciiier Canary Birds, males and fe-
males; Goldfech Canar)' mules. 31CS 10th st.
" nusi>Kss
A— $1200; PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and restaurant, few doom from Market St.:
a well-uaying business clearing about $300
P«e month", only reason for owner to take a
p&tner are the long hour* for him; he needs
u good afsletant. Call R. G. WILKE. 26&
Kearny «t.
A— $1200; BAKERY, eitabl. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrel*
per day: dally sales $45: living rooms. Call
U. G. WILKE. 2»;«^ Kearny tit.
A — $.1500 — The leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by :i theaters: private
boxes for ladits; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26',4 Kcarny St.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at least $250 J*r month;
full value In sight: a splendid ofTer. See R.
G. WII-KE. 2'5H Kearny st.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
(holrest location in the Mission, See R. G.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
>^-$2200- SALOON, with leaae, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st. Market and Stockton:
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
'X— $5500; CORNER saloon In wholesale dli-
trk-.t; 7 years' lease: establ. 3!lyears; clears
abaut $400 per month. R. O. WILKE. 2«V4
Kea rn y at. .
X $3^50: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; o&y-cnlred by bankers .and mer-
chants; owner on «lck bed, otherwise ?700o
would not bv» the business; lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $40i)0; CORNER French liquor store, with
lea**; lance cellar; card and private rooms:
kept by owners for years: fullest Investiga-
tion solicited. See R. G. WILKE. 20H
Keary it. •
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, *rlth 16 fur-
nished room*: 5 vears' lease; rent $<55; a
business where man and wife easily can
cl<-ar $.'J00 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2«4 Kearny St.
A— $:;ix:0; HOTEL with 30 rooms, 45 beds; bar,
dlnlr.p and reading rooms; lease for 3 years:
located 15 mil»e from this city: place clears
$.100 t>er month. See R. G. WILKE, 26 &
Kearny st. g
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1846.
BUSINESS AGENT. s
P17 Market nt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $100; CIGAR stand, transfer corner; good
Hock and fixtures; rent $8. Only with
BROOKBANK.
A — $125; DELICACY store; good stock; fine
location; 3 living rooms; cheap rent." See
BROOKBANK. •
A— $5-V); CIGAR ftand: Market St.. near Call
b!dg; dally receipts $25; lease. Brookbank.
A — $.">0<>: BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
candle*, .-Igars, tobaccos; receipts $12 daily;
« f urn. living rms. : rent $20. BROOKBASK.
A — $r«V): PARTNER In well established office
bu5lne.«s; no experience required; this Is a
fine chance for party who Is reiti»ned with
$100 month; Investigate. See BROOKBANK.
A — BRANCH bakery, candles, notions, etc:; 3
rum. livlnjr rms.: make, offer ._ BROOKBANK.
A— $.'525; 'IGAU stand: near Market: best lo-
cnt'on: !arg<? stock; laundry pays rent. Sec-
BROOKBANK. ,
A— K-'»7r.- PARTNER f<y 10-aore chicken ranch;
housejSlbem, chickens, etc. BROOKBANK. ,
917 Market st.
A— $700: 1* ROOMS, nicely furnished; Al lo-
cation: rent $40; part oa^h. balance time.
Sf-e BROOKBANK. 017 Market st.
YOU CAN DOUBLE Sin.O"<> IN CO DATS.
AN Eastern l»ookn;akrr experienced in all
details ot the hu?iner«=. but with too small a
capita! tn operate Fuccersfully on the rnce
track, rferires to meet a gentlemr.n with
above amount of oath: can take an active
part to- cashier or remain silent In thc
business aM a 'statement will be rendered
affr <ao!i day's business. February and
.March Ix-ing the best season Mr bookmaklig
( : .n the Pan Fianclsco race track. I oan n#-
sure an ir.iej»tcr that from $2r>.000 to $V>.CC0
can b«» cleared in the next <10 days. Only
th< se who mran busmen an«l have the ready
ea<=h need answer. n« <lo not wish to waste
time only v:ith those meaning business;
highest refert»nrp as to responsibility and
Integrity furnished. Box 32St. Call offire.
OUR new "Duplex-SeaW-f-ystem" won over 200
p-r cent in th? past 'X fiays on Frisco races:
frr pro>fs and rf^ereneei* ask any subscriber
on our lift, or iVI and investigate; explana-
tion freo to repular subscribers- at oijj. office
only: oonnnlasiona handlM on this sjp'^m for
2. r > per rent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for «'ur Handicap sheet?. $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1. 2 and .'!. 113 Stockton st.. K" F.
A— 2 I'ER CKXT MONTHLY.
On Investments of <1<X> and upward: no "set-
rlch-quick" swindle, turf srieculatlcnor Kam-
blint s •hero'-, but a reputable, fstablished
business rnlerFifse In y Pan Franrlsco; clenred
(C7.0C0 last year on^llOO.OOrt capital; stock
increased $20.fK:o to enlarge plant; call or
writr> (t riarticulars.
■GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market *t(jj
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2500, part cash; corner
ealron. on water front. $1100. paying brewery
business. J250O, or win sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
house* for sale and axchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny «t.
A — $.V>0; lorfginsr-house, 12 rooms; north Mkt.
$S50— Lodging-house. 14^ rooms; north Mkt.
$400 — Cigar utar.d: good stock: north Mkt.
$500 — Branch bakery; fruits and vegetables;
grrfoerle* ; living rooms; low rent: good loca-
te ••. Union Business Exchange, 093 Market.
BUTCHER shop:'- establlched business; al!
the fixtures, hot^es and carts, etc.; good
trade: bert stand tn the Mission; will sell
reasonable on account of private reasons.
Address for particulars, box 909. Call.
FOR tale — Largest tailoring establishment In
Eureka; orrr.|.l»t«» etock, al) new goods} store
fixtures and workshlp. Implements; well es-
tablished burine**; be«t location. Address J.
T. ENGLISH. 318 F St.. Eureka. Cal. '
$175 — 'WANTED active young man for plain
work; old est. firm; $75 month; steady place;
no experience necessary. New York Business
Exchange. 33 Meson St., near Market.
AN enere'tle young man with capital and
business experience desires to acquire an in-
terest In some rijr-cantlle or manufacturing
business. Box Cij-i. Call office.
$200— PROVISION and dairy produce store;
south Market: nr. City Hall: running order:
11 vine rooms, ca*. water, yard; good stand;
rent $12. Box 858. Call office.
FOR SALE— -Restaurant with bar attached. In
Alameda County. In a good, lively town;
has a nne tr«d»: established about 4 years.
Box 873. Call jjtflce.
RESTAURANT for sale In leading hotel of
email Interior city of California: good trade;
hotel trade alone pays well. Address box
M5. Call once.
DENTAL student wanted as partner In old-
established city office; must have som«
mean*: good reference* given and expected.
Box 022. Call. / ■- .,
RESTAURANT an* dellcatensen; clears $200
monthly; rent $20r 3 living rooms; big yard;
leare worth $2500; make offer. 2831 Mission.
PAYING candy • and Icecream parlor and
bakery at I-orln station. South Berkeley. .
MRS. , ALTBAYER.
$1SOO — FOR sale, fully equipped bakery, deli-
catessen combined; dally receipts $28; choice
location: low rent. 715 McAllister st.
BOOK, notion and stationery ntore on a prin-
cipal street near Market;' 4 living rooms
attached; rent low. Box 042. Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; newly fur-
nished; l»n»e: low rent: location good. Box
000. Call office.
FOR PALI: — Butcher shop and all appliances
on business street In good locality; buyers
only. Box ftfl5. Call office.
FOR BALE— $650; restaurant, seating capac-
ity 50; good locality for trade; 15c meals;
rent low; 4 living rooms. Box 351, Call. \
1 i
STATIONERY and cigar store near Market
Bt.. on a business street: established 10
years. Inquire box 782. Call office.
FOR sale — Reasonable, laundry route with
horse and wagon. Apply 1614 Green «t!
FOR sale — Complete dyeing _,and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526. Call office.
CIGAR stand for nale on .Montgomery st.;
location Al. Box 518. Call office.
FOR BALE— Restaurant In Berkeley; good lo-
cation. Addresa box G24. Call office.
FOR FALE — A r-aloon on Bush-et. corner.
Address box C30. Call office.
FOR SALE — Cigar stand; good business lo-
cation; routh of Market st. Box 536. Call.
FOR SALE— $375; saloon: good business lo-
cation: low rent. Box 543. Call office.
BAZAAR, new* stand and book store near
, acbooL In family district. - Box 985. Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, .THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904:
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnwgd.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chOD houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to S260O
Barber shotis $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruli and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drugstores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR eale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candies; established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR eale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. .". Eddy st.
HORSESHOEING and blacksmith chop; cheap
rent. Brodcrick et.. near Geary.
$1050; Investigate; well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIXG.HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
SO rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years" lease; clears. $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
*5 rooms; Geary; re°nt $20; fin* little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent onl>* $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra nne carpets; clears $70; price
$1600; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
20 rooms: rent $S5; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $1600. .,
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; 1 beautiful* mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$60t l down, balance I 1 /, per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
44 rcoma; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; at bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
SG-room family hotel; bon ton location; flno
lease; clearing $."C0 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem nf a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $ZW « ash, balance on install-
ments; price $S0O.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newiy painted and papered; clearing $S0
month: part cash; must leave city; $1550.
°7-room Tat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpeti-', sickness; price $."^i0.
72 rooms; rtnt $4Wt; elegant new building,
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $600 p^r month: every room full: will stand
the strictest investigation; location unsur-
passed.
10 room?; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle, apartment house; reduced to $1100.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished n*w In June; first-class
transient; clears ?175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; elepnntly furnished; oak
furniture, Axir.lnstcr oanets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms: cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moqu«t carpets; gcod lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
® MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg., cor. Third and Market.
Fine front offlcea. directly over entrance.
Take elevator to fourth floor: phone Black
8W»7.
Title abstract free with each and every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
UNEQUALLED terms; $400 down secures a 21-
room lodging-house. 3 blocks of Market;
whole price only $13C0; we lend you the
balance, to be paid In Installments: rent
only $60 and clears $70 per month. MARION
_ 'GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bldg.
IMPORTANT: If you have $1500 to $2000 In
gold coin It will be worth your while to In-
vestigate this 44-room downtown transient
house, said to be clearing $400 to $600 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN, room 408 Ex-
aminer bldg.
PICK UP this 12-room house: full of steady
roomers: no room rented for lesa than $10;
all larce rooms: will sell out for $500; sea
my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 48-room apartment houM on sun-
ny side, north of Market and on street car
crossing: electric elevator; electric Hght»;
long lease; monthly profit steadily, $222
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
HAVE you furniture for 2i rooms and some
money? Investigate this 44-room house, with
21 ur.furnlohed; electric lights, lease, etc.
Call on MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate
agent.
A— $3000 PROFIT yearly and accurately kept
book'; house has a wide reputation through
th» State and* the roomers are mostly law-
y»rs, merchants and bankers from country
towrs; lease; elevator; 60 big rooms, ele—
rantly furnished. MARION GRIFFIN,
room 406 Hearst bldg.
SWELL house near Sutter and Larkin; kitch-
en, dlnlns-room, yard; 17 rooms: quiet, se-
lected roomerc MARION GRIFFIN. . room
40C Examiner bldr.
SNAP— $1500 — 45 rooms; NEW house; NEW
furniture; 29 furnished. 16 unfurnished; rent
$2 room: lease 3 years; 3 blocks of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400 Examiner bids.
OWNER sick, and gone to the country; 16-
room corner flat, north of Market: rent $25;
price $GO0. See. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW 0 months ago: 24 rooms; central; this
house will suit any one who wants a down-
town house, clearing about $163. MARION
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner bldg.
SWELL apartment houee of 103 rooms, mag-
nlflcently furnished and full of nice peeple;
long leane; clears $4US per month. MARION
GRIFFIN, room 40rt Examiner bldg.
REWARD — Quite liberal reward will be paid
any one who will find an ounce of ■ dirt In
my 14-room house, clearing $52 per month;
worth $R00; price cut to $550. My agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, will lend you part of
the money. Better see him.
IDEAL, private boarding-house of 33 rooms,
located In the most aristocratic section, just
couth of Nob Hill; steadily clears $225 per
month, as my bank book will «how: all
sunny rooms; It Is essential that I sell on
account of Ill-health: price $4000; eaay
terms; MAKK OFFER to my eole agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner
bulldlrj.
H. C. DECKER. , •' ■•; ■
H. C. Decker, 006 Market st. : phone John 531.
Rooming-house and Hotel — - Y
Broker for over '
28 years in San Francisco.
I have all the paying houses that are for sale.
All Titles Guaranteed.
Money Loaned on Any House.
Houses Sold on Installments. ■
. : • Largs Lot of Flats. .
20. Apartment Houses.
6 Country Hotels and Bars.
" Houses 'AH Sizes and
Prices, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
Trices from $50 to $22,000.
You Can Save Money • ■
By calling on H. C. DECKER, 006 Market at.
LODGING-HOUSE on Kearny i St.. close to
Market. Box 668. Call office. ; .
S|A SOUVENIR OF SAN FRANCISCO||
jl METROPOLIS Or THE WINTERLESS LAND |§
1 . . . To Mai Advertisers Next Sunday . , . I
| ME YOU LOOKING TOR A POSITION? J
I DO YOU WANT HELP? |
I The Ctf Wiff Hefp Tou find What Tou Want |
« Tell your wants in the next Sunday Call and you will bo speaking «
8 direct to over 85,000 regular subscriber's to that popular and valuable 8"
S v$f>M advertisins medium. It is safe to 'figure on an average of three readers «
S to every; Sunday Call Issued, so you are really talking to 255,000 per-
g sons, most of whom are home people and consequently a well-to-do and 2g
£5 a desirable class of our community to consider, in locating your wants and q
« . advertising your wares. . • »
8 . TO EVERY WANT ADVERTISER — The Call, ever on the alert to offer ■ 8
S ■ . its patrons a valuable, and instructive premium, has had prepared especially —————— Q
S for its want ad. patrons next Sunday a beautiful souvenir of San Fran- '. * o
w clsco and environments, consisting of the following illuminated halftones o
S shown ori a very fine, quality of book paper and neatly bound: CLJFF 8
8 HOUSE AND BEACH. SEAL ROCKS NEAR CLJFF HCfCSE, SEAIjS OX 8
P '• SEAL ROCKS, PARAPET AT SUTRO HEIGHTS. SUTRO BATHS. EX- »
S TERIOR AND INTERIOR VIEWS; THE GOLDEX GATE, FORT POINT g
§ IX5OKING ACROSS THE GOLDEN GATE, THE UNION FERRY DEPOT, » g
» ALCATRAZ ISLAND. MARKET STREET EAST FROM SPRECKELS - 8
g ' CAFE. THE HALL OF. JUSTICE FROM PORTSMOUTH SQUARE, A 2: S
rt GENERAL VIEW OF THE CITY FROM HOPKINS ART INSTITUTE. 8
« MARKET STREET LOOKING WEST, MARKET STREET WEST »
8 FROM SPRECKEIiS CAFE, CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUND, GOLDEN 8
8 GATE PARK, AND MARKET STREET LOOKING EAST. g
« THIS SOUVENIR WILL MAKE A FINE COMPANION TO "GREET- O
S INGS FROM CAIJFORNIA," ISSUED AS A WANT AD. PREMIUM LAST 8
8 SUNDAY, and will undoubtedly prove equally as popular a gift to all who 8
8 arc interested in the Metropolis of thc Winterless Land. ,
-Q I _ ; g
\r~ \Wlf MK mK^T^^Tia iti jvSFfnSfr ra^^^ti^f \ftjfr*' f . J^*- ?5S?JSb-A*^ ■ i»^»^% »m!MMt«Mr • ■ ■ ■->-'-■■' ■- '"■'■■' ic A 'J^c *£'*>&£& ■ .■.-■■*,'.•'■ ' :■:". ■*■- '■■: ■ - -.-' ':■.- ■:■'. '■■■'■ ■ :-■■? *'-'.' . . ' " ■ .--■ "■%..- ■'■ i i*w
g These Premiums will be distributed Next Thursday, Friday and Saturday at The Call Business §
§■/- Office. Third and Market Streets; at Pitts* Branch Office, 1098 Market Street, §
8 and 1118 Broadway, Oakland. . q
hotels and
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
c. e. hinkley" f~raoNiT»fr.NT ree.
1020 Market st. Opp Filth.
Former patrons my best references.
Reallable dealing. Eaay terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part ca*h. Balance monthly payments.
6 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up $130
20 rooms; clears $S0; rent $40... $350
40 rooms; mechanics' house: rent $60. .$1000
16 rooms; rent $50: clears $63: terms... $950
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1600
60 rooms; Market; St.; liquor license $4000
17 rooms; Pine St.; clears $50 ...$700
12 rooms; California st.: rent $50; snap. $750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift.. $1500
10 rooms: Geary: clears $40: rent $28.. $500
24 rooms: Leaven worth St.; speculation. $1000
10 rooms; Bush st.: rent $37 60; only. .$450
100 rooms: grand sunny corner ;....$70OO
■■18 rooms; 6 unfurnished: rent $45 $500
85 rooms; transient; lease $1600
8 rooms; Post st.; rent $32; only $250
' Grocery and bar; rent $20 $37R
12 rooms; Polk St.; partially furnished. $450
63 rooms; Mission and Sixth st.; lease. $4500
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY --FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. • BOX 2S56,
CALL OFFICE.
$700— A NEWLY furnished flat of 10 rooms
and bath; full of roomers; rent $5»; central:
privilege of buying 7 rooms adjoining. S16B
Larkin St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
CORNER house. 66 rooma; always full; rent
$215 per month; Income $475 per month;
will sell for $4500. Box 577. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekl7
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Stutew or Canada one year for $1.
LOPniXG-HOtlSES WASTED^
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 50 to 55
rooms; rent must be reasonable and furni-
ture In good condition; lease If possible;
would like It In good location for transient
trade; will pay .cash. Box 795. Call office.
CARPET PRATING ASP < CLEANING.
AIR now universally used Jn cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; • price ■ moderate.
B. F. ComDresaed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 6237. . -.- - :.■,'■;.. i:
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
send for RPAULDING'S pioneer Carp*t-beat-
Ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made ovtr. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prlees.
reasonable. 17G.1 Han-Iron rt.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S SuDerlor Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 26. -
coi.i.3BOTPipar orricsH. :
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC • COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Montgomery. 'rooms 0-10: -tfl. J.-«S6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE ' of B rooms, and : bath' and gas ; f ur-
nlshed or unfurnished or ■ 2 . rooms for light
housekeeping;' gas and use of bath. 8921
Twenty-fifth St., near" Church." "
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will brlnr reconciliation and lasting
peace with the one you love; readings by^
mall most eattsfactory. $2; readings dally."
$1: developing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502
Eddy st. i
AA — TO-NIGHT, C. V. Miller's spirit material-
ization, benefit of "The yruth." 1C84 Bush.
MRS. LESTER— Teet circle to-night, 10c: dev.
circle Wed. eve.. 25c; read, dally. 34 6th.r.8.
MRS. REYNOLDS' materializing seance Thurs-
day eve.. GOe. 32S Ellis «t.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlght, 10c; readings dally. 619 McAllister st.
MRS. KOTTER circle every night; 10c: devel-
oping circle Mon. eve. ; sit, dally. 43 Sixth.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
#late-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 837.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S clrcU Friday er»..
25c: sit, dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 987.
EDWARD EARLK. 1052 Kill*, reading* dally.
t:3fl to 4: mhpi-m ftindnv «nd Thur«i1ay.
CLAIItVOYA.XTS.
■ ■ .—» ( ~ — — -~ ■
A BIG READING FOR A SMALL FEE.
$1. $1. $L $1— THIS WEEK— $1. $1. $1. $L
PAUL DESTINE, ■
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. % - t -- 1
T»-e future can be told
FREE.. FREE FREE
If not correct. .
He will tell your name, occupation and what
you want to know, . ■ .
Or charge you not one penny.
This Is hon*Bt, is It. not?
He will tell all about your business, family
.and love affairs, whom and when you will
: marry; how to restore health and lost vllal-
Hy; how to be successful; he Insure* you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services. «
Hours 10ia. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday. 2 to 6.
326 O'Farrell st. -32tt.
MME. . M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals tbe
present, happenings and portrays events to.
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or . not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, ccn- .
suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel: Black 4569. '
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 11O4 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions. answered. $1;
•full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postotflce,
- Wells-Fargo money order, or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader: business -advice: sittings <lally; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m.: 25c up. 3S McAllister.
A— Mme. Ravennx reads life business advics;
-names given; 25c u,.. „ si., near Market..
MRS. BROWN," clairvoyant. - card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 Vi 6th; la.25c.,g.50c.
CLAIBVOYA.VTS Continued.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal eeer, life reader:
. without neking a question reads your entire
life; special, $1 this week only. 4G0 Geary.
OLDEST lady palrr.ln and card reader In city.
'Jti^i Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; Rents. 50c.
MISS WARD, fora few day*. 917 Market, nns.
Jll-12: «r!ves dates, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, rounr Rifted clalr. and palm.;
names; 1^ 60c. s; $1. 714 Franklln.nr.O.O.av*
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis »L
MRS. SHAFER. claPSyant. card reader: «lt-
Jlngs dally. 44SH Jessie at., bet. 8th and 6th.
CUBES BTJPTTTRX!.
WHO DOES IT? HUXTER. 1206 Market «L
V S«nd for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 504-5-6 Callaghan >Mg\. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the BJM'/ord Obtun-
der: the only device ever Invented for grand-
Inif. drilling and excavating- teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when da.es are
iT-ade: old slates made over like new; teeth
from $.m per »et: extrartlng; 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yr». ; crown, $3 50; fillings, toe:
plates. $.'.; full ret; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CITISHOLM. gurs-son dentist,
room 14. I'lir !an bu.Ullns. San Francisco.
■
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny.cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crown*, $2 up;fllttngs.25c.
GOLD fillings. 73c; sliver, 35c: -crowns. $2; no
' pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DTlKSSMJUvERS AIV1D SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst' and knife plaiting; double
stamp* on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121^
McDOWELb Dressmaking & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargeicent at CALIFORNIA
-BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on otir new
home, 001 -925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of .the greatest successes of the West; 1S.0OO
cquare feet. 35 rooms. 450 students, IS teach-
ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm hero will
be a constant Inspiration to you.
AYRES. the. leading business college. 723 Mar-
. ket St.; established 18 years: life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
arithmetic. ~ spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the colleg-h refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English. branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, 1 an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bide.
HEALD'S School of Mine* & Electrldty.24 Post
. St.. S. F. : a practical echoul of engineering:
, ~ complete equipment.' * Special catalogue tree. j
EDt'CATIOXAL—Contjaned.
NIGHT AND DAT SCHOOLS for met* and
working boys; instruction frota the n.th
grade to preparation /or the university,
day school of Interest to all men; business
methods a specialty: personal attention
given; thirty Instructors: private coaching,
night law school: Instructors f rom Lniver-
-«lty of California., and Stanford Lnlverslty. |
Industrial classes; men have the advantage
of our extensive engine room; complete
plant, boilers, dynamos, engines, pumps.
etc.: electrical engineering, assaying: stu-
dents have all other privileges Y>t the asso-
ciation if desired:- intefnatlonal certificates
given to students completing the courses ana
passing the examinations: young men. strang-
ers coming to the city, directed to good
homes; association employment agency for
all graduates of our school: the beneficial
Influence of a great moral Institution; our.
work Is Indorsed by all the leading business
and professional men of the city: our educa-
tional work accredited by more than UJ> uni-
versities and colleges In the United States,
mechanical, freehand drawing: naval archi-
tecture, stenography, typewriting *nd ° th 1 er
specialties; advantages over other schools,
tuition les«. instruction superior; we are not
in business to make money, but "to make
men"; especially advantageous to young
men comins from the Interior. Call or writ*
for descriptive catalogue, the Young Men «
Christian Association Institute of Practical
Education for Men and Boya. H. J. McCGT.
General Secretary, San Francisco. Addresa
all communications to LE ROT ' BUPjNS
SMITH. Educational Director. '••>
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now opea; applicants re- a
ceived frcm 6 to 12 years of age; Misa Lillian
Muscio. principal: exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind tn the West; eend
for catalogue. Native Sons* Hall. 414 Mti:n.
HINMANS Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1112 Pol* «t..
between Plni» and California: both adult and
children's classes are now .open for the season.
A LARGER ard better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
CoUege. 1236 Market st. »
ALL English and commerci*." branches, short-
hand typing, etc.; reduced rates till March
1 ; eve. speed class. $2 month. 'Wr estern Busl-
n'esa College. • ',
School of Singing— frpera. concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated; method, Italian: engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Kelier.,361 Geary.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. m!n..'me^h.. sur- j
vey. assi.y. cyanide; day. ev.; Jst. 18JH. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.,.Teuton!a Hall. Howard St.. near
9th. Pn f. Foster; society dancing taught.
PIANIST and experienced .teacher: harmony,
etc.; parties attended. W. H. LIPSCOilBE. .,
313 Leavepworth sk , _'
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of vlollr* jgultar.
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell at.
PRIVATE lessons shorthand, penmanship, Erig-
llsh; day and evening. 602 Van Nesa ave.
LADIES wishing to learn mllllne-.v art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post tii: room 37.
EPANISH.French. etc. Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
of languages.320Post;eatab > d 1871;ablestprrf».
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 'geafy st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, -or. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class. 'y
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. '
G^T^uTk=Tp*aT^TN^iA^A7lE3E~TEMPLi5Y^ *
JIE.NT OFFICE and Housecle*nlng- Co.. 1333;
Fine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; prune Polk 3666.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Posv'st.; tel. Bush 135— } ;
Japanese-Chinese employment oS&ce; fur-
nishes beet help; contracts for farm help. etc. j
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Mala 5732.
A— GRAND Japanese— nines* Emp. Office. 4i5 , '
Stockton; tel. Grant iflS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- •
flee; all Ida da help. 315 Stockton; Mala 31S3.
CHINESE and Japanese helo: estsb. 2O years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO?. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA N i'kP— -FEM ALE.
A FIRST-CLASS private faml}*' cook f roia
Berlin wants a first-class ,, place, whei'e,
kitcr n maid Is kept: $4O-$45.- C. R. HAN'-
SEN Jt CO.. 429 Bush at.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
work by the day: $1 25 day: carfari; carpet-
cleaning and laundry work specialties; J abso- ,
lutel-/ "reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth
St., room 10. first flight. . ■
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place in a .
small private family: grsod pli'.n cook: no
washing; wages $20 and -'oarf are,^ 545 Minna
St.: no cards. * ■-)
WOMAN wants situated : city or country;
gcod. cook; will do washing. 143 ThlM »t..
room 12. '..:'.' :
* i
EXPERIENCED German nurse, wishes en-
gagements by th* T.^ek. J1807 Flllmor*; st. ■
Phcne Pine 4106. 1 3 . ,' ■ ~. m m
L % .
AN experienced waitress wants worK In an, lnr -,
stitution; first-class 'eferences: clw or coun-
try. Address box 8*t». Cfcll office.
A COMPETENT person waftts position, as
cook: willing to assist or housework in '■:
small •;amily. *os Franklin st. a
AN experienced nurse wishes position to take
care cf Infant. Box 864. Call office.
, |
DRESSMAKER wants situation for seTltig t>
and .^stairs work. Bo-s_ 3239. Call office.
WASTED — Work by the day; washing or
housecleanlng. 616 Folscm «tj
FIRST-CLASS cook; hotel or Institution. S. J.
BEAN. 17 Fourth fH. Pi&ne Bush 107. J
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged Eastern woman
wishes position; accustomed to . children; ■
very reliable; nice cook: moderate saiary;
references If reaulred. Box 837. Call office.
' GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position la
school or as governess or companion: also
t^ches French. Ad<lress F. HIRSCH. Tr»-
Ii.^tcn. Alameda County.*
LADY would like to attend home office of a
flrst-cla.«s ear speclaftst In rejurn for* treat-
ment. Box 860, Call office.
A YOKING yvoman wants work by the, day:
washing and housecleanlng; $1 59 ana car'
fare.- MJ Minna st. l7l ®
GERMAN experienced trained nurse w!«he»
work: competent In all branches. MRS. !
V^EIDEL. 33i5 Twenty-fourth rt. (
MAK' ( beds In a rooming-house or work (by
the day. Address M. B.. 841 Filbert st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wSuld like position tf
< cook or washing. Please call 322 Fremont-
AN experienced laundress would Ilka 2 Uays'
work a week: can glvo'Sthe best of refer-
eacs. Call or address 105O Howard tt.
MIPDLE-AGEr; American lady wishes house-
-* keeper's position; neat and good cook. Ad-
dress Housekeeper. 428 L St.. Sacramento. .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tba
Call at Eatcn's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has bees
opened at IOCS Market at., c pposiu Fifth.
Open unt» II n. si.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
POSITION want"d— Cutter, a first-class, strict-
ly up-to-date custom cutter and Utter, practi-
cal tailor; New York experience; one posses-
Ing all tlv* tblllty to fill a good position sat-
Isfactortly: can furnish the best of references.
A. A SELANDER. 53 South Clinton ave..
Rochester. N. Y. '_
BUTLER— Valet, young German, wants posi-
tion; well experienced: good references; la
fnmtly. town or country; speaks French also.
Box 32ST Call office. J
SITUATION as nurse and Instructor for in-
valid boy: experienced In teaching all com-,
mon school branches. - also painting; small
wages expected. Address box 867. Call.
PLANINO mill man wants position; first-class
sticker, matcher and general machine hand:
does general machine repairs; several years*
experience as tort- man. Adresa box S68. Call.
WANTED — By an elderly man. general chor-
lng about a place or assistant laundry man.
Call or address H. J., Shasta House. 246 3d.*
POSITION wanted by a well-educated younr
Irishman; machinery preferred. Address
box 871. Call office.
MARRIED young man. businesa education, de-
sires employment. Box 3266. Call office.
SITUATION desired by middle-aged man and
wife on ranch or private family: late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship; English.' Ad-
dress A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. city. .
STRONG young man, living with parents,
wishes to learn th« plumbing trade. Box
862. Call office. *
YOUNG Frenchman ivould like a situation as
cook In private family; best of references
from Paris. B. P.. 519 Jackson st.
MAN and wife would like *o work at prlvat*
place; no cooking. A duress "W. H.. 811
Washington et., Oakland. CaL
COLLECTOR — Collected many yean for cor-
poration this city: wants employment. H.
L.. 2327 Bryant at. .EMPLOYMENT AVAXTEn —^MALB.
WANTED — Errploymeat: eui>erlnten6ent of
construction, surveyor: go anywhere; ratr.il-
lar roads. bridg»*s. dame, ditchef. ' wo ™-
Ett-fi <r concreu; references bcrt. Box Ssi'J.
office.
SOBER, reliable man d?sires plice to <lo
Cbom; understands garden. horses. can
milk also hcusctiezntns: vages moderate it
Kivcn gooi nace. JONGHAUS. Ib'.'JA rio-.v-
SnJ *t.. S. F. l ;
COMPETENT, middle-aged Dane v.lshcs por-
tion In private place; goou l.orfrman. care-
ful driv.r. cood gardener: city « viuntry
ref erencet. Box 1^25. Call ofn^e^Oakland^
INSJDE~«-ork wanted by rerpectable young
man; highly recommended; honaft. - sober,
willing. Bt'x S2i- S . Call office .__
WANTED A position to work around private
rlace: hacdy with tools; references. Bmx
• KJ8. Call cfSce.
WANTED — Petition bjr mn and wife to take
cfcargr of erccl! .zncfc: fir*t-c!a*s references.
tJUnaa but 743. Call oifice.
Ni'JHT or •!*> vstfhman; city or country:
re'ereii.cs from last place; rtlliMe n-.un.
%~iox MC. Call. • '. .
KXCINEER an<5 electrician desires position.
extensive wtywtenee: " B4 9OI fwalit
BARTENDER, nrf.-ciats .-. feier.ee. wants po-
eitlor.. ci:y or.ccuntry. Mc-C. box &>. Call.
COACHMAN <«r man about i.lact-: city r*f.
E. TREMAIXE. Hess rtation. Mann <_ourt>.
GOOD Japar.ese b^y srantf pisition at hoi_-e-
work and waiting. RESTLT KITA. 405 Du-
jjcnt St.; phcr.e Black I'M*.
XAPASnOEE your.s man wants a position In
clt> family; experienced cook: has KO03 ref-
erence*; fH wk. BEKBT. r-hone I.ark;n 348.
JAPANESE boy wl.«hes to learn photo Jrade;
ep«^k* cood English. Address -V7 Larkin.
A BRANCH ofOce fcr CalfadvertiseinenU and
»ut*crlpt:on# bas been established at 10-Jb
Valenrta gt
FEATHER nEXOVATIXG^
BT~nTw"heal7n?v7 rroceTs. Cal. £tea=i Festher
Co.. 22S Van Ness ave.: trl- Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
S:<>0 iK^> OF Eastern <apital to invest in Cali-
fornia *. curitie*. realty, city and country
buFtnes-* enteririses. fctockf. bonds, etc. What
have you to sell? Call or write Altadena In-
vestment Syndicate, 70* Market tt.. S. F.
COMI-'ANIES i'.ioorporsted. financed end stock
f.catrd. W. H RITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nancial Acer.t. ZSi Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET. %
A— HOUSES and fats to let; an Immense ll"t;
*ei-.ice *bsclutely free; take advantage of
thjt department: It will eavs you time and
I'outie. Cordes Furalture Co., 243-259. Geary
*•. . oa liw square.
ALL of the rnort desirable flits and bouses are
listed In our renting department; let u* give
}■•-•- a l!-'t ar.d help you find en* in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; service* abso-
lutfcly free.
NEW, tunny net. 6 rooms. llK>t> Noe et., cor-
ner Elizabeth; convenient to Twenty- fourth
and Caftro-et. rars; rent reasonable.
OORNER flat of 4 rooms; modern improve-
ment; furnished or unfurnished. 1523
Church et.. near Twenty-seventh.
LOWER flat; 4 roonis: 1325 Washington St..
bet. Jones and Leavenworth ; rent $15.
NEW tunny urPT f-at. "» rooms and bath: rent
reasonable. 41.'M> Uipfcteenth gt.. near Castro.
$17 — SUNNY flat, 4 ro^ms. bath, basement.
110 Eureka «., near Eighteenth.
4U5 OCTAVIA. <»r. Fell — Flat of 5 rooms; bath,
yard and basement.
NEW ccrner fist; 12 roomE, 2 baths; marine
view. Box 7Sg. Call.
S-b-11 ROOMS. Jurt comrleted; latest Im-
prcvemenS:. Baker ft., corner Fultcn.
ri.AT of :t eunny room?: rhir.a closets; porce-
lain Lath: J*M and ooM v.ater; complete for
housekeeping; no children; $25. 332 Hayee.
A FLAT of 4 newly furnished rooms: anth;
cas. CIS T«>-lor et.
EI.LIS. 13«S — Beautifully furnished upper fiat
of S room* anrt k^trheri: $55.
I FOR rent — Handsome fumiEhed flat of 7 rooms,
piano. 2h3Z Washington st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURMSHED.
$55<;— S ROOMS: new furniture; very enry flat;
prand trap. I3OO O'Farrell.
\ BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of fix rooms';
I iwillrtils Call afternr>on». 1S24 Webster Ft.
FtRMTlRE FOR SALE.
A — flOG NO 7 combination cga.1 and gas
waff; used 2 week*; $50. 403 Valencia st.
BUIUS old r«fy chairs, lounges, eofas cheap.
:714 Polk »t.
ri'RMTl'RE WASTED. .
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: teL Howard 27S«
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
4 OOOKfl, with and without wash $3o-f35
«-'ock. Fmall Fanltarium *:;5
Cook, email hotel, city $.-„>
5 Feeond girls $20-*25
«"ook. 14 students J55
Parlormaid ar.d waiting S.10
3 upstairs girl* and nurses $20-$2T>
Maid and «eamrtre«s $25
French lady's maid. M«»nlo Park *23
<"h»Tnbermaid. private family $23
- dining-room Kirl?.. insUtuticn $25
:ij chambermaids, -wa.it one meal $2O-&:5
\Vaitrt-si>. commerrial hotel, country S23
<v, o k ana second girt. *am» house t?0-$20
TA central housework girl*, city and coun-
try. f20-t2.V£ifi. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 334 Putter *t. *
A FEOOND girl, two in family. $3O: cook
ard girl. same, place. $30 and S2T,-
w-k, f»; 4 cooks, $.10; lo housegirje m'O
and $3i: S woend pirls. f^3 and $2<): nur*--
glrl. $20; a ycung girl or woman for lizht
■fork, no «afli. *2«i; chambermaid, hotel
fA. MRS. NORTON, .'!!:{ Sutter n.
CHOREGIRL, U to 15 years, tn; X l r u for
hjUEewoik. *1S to $a<>; waitress and rham-
l»nr.ald. $20 found. P. J. BE\N 17
Fourth tt- Phone Bush 107. • U- .
• JtRMAN girt for general hnusework- J33 a
month. Cal. Err.p. Agency. 14 Third st
A-WAJCTKO— Glrte to learn halrdre^IrT
manicurlrg. etc.; twde Uught from A to Z
in Z week*: >3 to those entering now: 3 po-
eitlons to fill Immediately; portions iruaran-
te*d *t.?JO per week up; leading school In
JKett. 203 Geary st-. room IS.
* c — Girls tc learn millinery now for spring tea-
ecn; both treasons taught from start to flnUh
Jn 1 month fcr $15: positions as trimmers
nlctladi«*. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up-
<3«y er.d yvening class. 143 Etockton st.. r, 13!
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdress!ng
traje. rn«r.lc>irlnjc. Minn, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket rt.. cor. Jon»s. :-ocm J)4; positions secy red
si Mgheet wage*; day and eve. class: call.
PEWtXO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
I'Ain SALARY. LKVI STRAUSS Jk CO.S
FAfTORIES. 32"ii FREMONT ST. AXD 1873
_ MISSION. NJSAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIKJS wanted everywhere, enpylng letters
• t hem*, evenings or i<pare time, and re-
turn to us; no mailing- <>r canvawing: %a
v.f<-kly earned; materials fr«"<*; lncl<>«e rcU-
nrtdror.iwvj , r. ,- ;. j,.-. f or particular!). *;uar-
t:XPEHIENCEI> forrlady vanto*. Apply by
letl»r only, etnting expcr1en' t «' and Ragis »x-
irrt^d. the JOHN UOLLMAN CO., (S'5-7
Front tt. >_.. . :.-
<J1OCOLATC dipper wanted: muM be experl-
enred. HLUM'H CONFECTIONERY, corner
Polk and fiutiT ««.
0PERATOB entrants who can^flnleb. C73
Geao' «t.
\\ A N'TTD— First-c!«ss shopper. MULRONEV,
. 110 Geary st.
S^Trfv I i E f ; v E . s * ante< J- ATPly at GOLD-
hTLIN & CO.'S. 783 Market «t.
BY a Ti'holerale hous*. an acOve woman of
rood art4re 8 . Call offlce.
A^ V M9. < STjjSe7^ r " Ot "^ addr^
r ri f^Sv fin! ' her * ante <l; none but flrtt dm.
Co Tehama «t.
CI < R i;.. W * nt^ 1 r . or ceBf raI housework; 3 in
£"' y«4°K,i%» *?" plain cook need » p -
WANTED — 1; neat intelligent ii<m»<- *****
LADIES tn sew on furs: warrm «ui. i«,-__
HELP WANTED— FEMALE Con.
DRESSMAKER wanted. 2tl2 Lombard et.
G1KL tor general housework. 270ti Sacra-
mento st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 2l!71 •
Calllor&ia St.; references required.
LUNCH waitress at 515 Valencia street.
ADVERTISEMENTS, *--r«crlptlons received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anj
BilbKrlpUo&a has been established at 10"Jti
Valencia ut.
iii;li* wasted- male.
MURRAY &, READY.
Phune Alain 5S1S.
Le-iding Emi loyment and Labor Agent*. •
j'jttj w<r gave rjf»4 we hope to
to.wu nitu work- Increase «x>,000
ARIZONA.
A\e tihip to
Arizona., clost to Prescolt,
Ti'JO mtn Jur raiiroad conetruotion.
We nhiy daily.
910 mllea. A15Ii.ONA. $9 10
Cement finisher, ccuntry. $5 50 day; car-
ring.- triinm»r. Old Mexico, free faro; 3 mar-
rif'i laliorei-R, sawmill company: 15 farm
hanls. wiikers, inuners, etc.; milker, coun-
try, rare jiald; shingle Jointer, country. $•"«
and found; moid maker, terra cotta works,
»*lty: man and wife, waiter and laundress,
tountry; butcher and Bausasr?, shop,
Fouih; tooks, waltexT. dislnvafli^rs, etc.
MURRAY & READY. C31-636 Clay Bt.
SECTION bo5s, rawn-.IM. iSlrcad. $15 Rnd fd:
narrlcd gardener, s ** boss here; bread baker,
rtiop near city, $1S wk; bakor's helper on
oakf-s, city. $^y f d ; @port?r. restaurant, $30
and id ; painter, wagon and buggy work, near
city; gttdener on ranch, ceo boss here, $30
and fd.
WCODCHOPPERS
20 men to chop 4-ft. redwood. $0c per cord.
15 men to chop 4-ft. pine. $1' 25 a rord.
10 ruen to chop 4-ft. hardwood, $1 50 a cord.
For a big lumber company; steady work,
summer and winter: Rood ground to work on.
MURRAY & READY. C-'H-C:tii Clay Ft.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENTVAGENCY.
52C-*MontKornery «t.— 526— UPSTAIRS.
Phone !&iin 1101 — 1191 M;in Phone.
FINEST KAployment Offlce in America.
<"*OAL MINERS — Good Job— NEW MEXICO
Third cook, city hotel, $3.'. and fcund; por-
ter, city hotel. $2v and fcund: 2 -muckers,
mine. $67 £0; boy, private family,' city, $10
to (15 a-ii found.
WOODCHOPPERS — NORTH— NEW JOB.
15 men to chop 4-foot wood, fine timber,
good ground, water and climate; one-horse
teamster, city. $12 week :
F. W. SCRUGGS, falesmaYi, please call; col-
ored cock and wife, $50; cook and wife,
country hotel; restaurant cook, $1S week;
fry cook. *1G week, and others. J. F. CRO-
EETT & CO., <328 Sacramento tt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE.. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Cook. S7O; man for vegetable garden.
YOUXG MAN ADOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE
TO LEARN PRESSING. STANDARD
FACTORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE.
_ _ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
•nd secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
Ccllege. C35 Clay s t.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings. $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W4,
Box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — An intelligent, gobd appearing- so-
licitor: high-class proposition: education In
character; permanent. Call for MR.
THOMPSON, fifth floor, 305 Larkin st.
THY our men'e tlto»t, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at *2 30, cr
orthopedic shces. $-i 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third Et., Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Man and woman for light house-
work on ranch; Christian home: $30 a month
acd found. Address l«ox 1432. Call office.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. e«per to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478, Parrott building.
A 2-CHAIR barber shop, having best trade
in the town, for pale cheap; suburban town;
retiring from buslne*!«. Box .TJ87. Call office.
BARBER shop; must sell Quick; other busi-
ness; 4 chalre; swell; cheap. Box 1028, Call
office, Oakland.
BUSHELMAN wanted; apply ready for work.
S..N. WOOD & CO.
STEADY man. with some money, for fruit
orchard on share?. 3009 Twenty-second at.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
st., third floor, room 4.
A HANDY man with carpenter's tools; must
be steady. Apply S05 Mission •«.; H a. m.
WANTED — Barkeeper who is not afraid of
work. 2!) Stockton st.
FOR sale— Barber shop at 107'^ Fifth st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes haif-
eoled when you can ret it done for 25e. 5Oo
and '■<■.'<: while you wart at 5U3 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts., or 11 Third st.
FURNITURE faleynan wanted for new and
second-hand business; one of experience and
well posted as to buying; good wages to
steady man; no other need apply. See II.
SCHELLHAAS in person, 408 Eleventh St.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;
rood compensation; easy proposition to
place; Investigate- Royal Mercantile Co.,
tulle 19, Columbian bldg.. or 352 Broadway,
Oakland.
BARBERS, take notice — The offlce of secre-
tary and. Free Employment, Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall »q.. or 1504 Market st..
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 14S. JO3.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; wapeg paid while learning. Call
or nddrers WESTERN COLLEGE OF HAR-
BERS, €47 Commercial st., fian Francisco.
WANTED —^Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, bas
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third tt. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per nigkt.
WANTED— Flr»t-clas8 beiber for country.
Address box 835, Call office.
WANTED— A flrsl-claie carriag-e blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. IIEISTER & SON3
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR SALE^ — 2-chalr barber shop; steady
trade; good business; in country tnv/n; fine
climate; will 'sell on trial. Box 3205. Call.
TRY our men's shoes, unlcn made, at $1 and
fl 5O pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
ixpreea or mail charces. II *!d ft.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place. Lick
House.
NEAT, strong ooy to drive butcher wagon.
17C6 Church st.
BARBER ehr.p In hotel: 3 chairs; racrlflce.
No. 1 Franklin Ft., cor. Market.
WANTED— A boy of about 14 years at S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S. ccr. Powell and Eddy »ts.
WANTED — Experienced panwerk candyraaker.
Appiy 224 Battery st.
CARDERS — For sale, two shops; other busi-
ness. Call at 1S47 Mission st.
BARBERS — For Bale, half Interest In shop;
wholesale district. Box*85j. Call offlce.
WANTED — Al tailoring salesman. Apply
Royal Tailoring Company, 319 Geary «t.
FAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
«hlps. Apply DENTS place. 20 Steuart st.
PENSION otty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Ccm. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard gt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35e night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. :
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions bas beea
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn. '
ALL eizes men's shoes, slightly Camaged. half
price. £63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d tts.
GET yrur shoes half soled whjle waiting; 25o
to SOc. f>Ct Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE— A gentle horse. 16% bands high,
6 years old; rubber-tlrtd buggy and harness;
will tell together or separate: make offer.
Address box 352. Call office.
CLOSING out at auction — 4 surreys, 2 phaetonj
7 wagons; 2 rubber tires, 10 business buggies';
19' sets harnen, 40 horses; Tuesday. February
2, 11 M.m.. at 1140 Folsom st.
FOR tale— Six second-hand express wagon*
and two trucks. 233 Rcale st.
WANTED — An open business buggy Jn good
repair and reasonable,' Bex 927, Call. *
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
HORSES AND WAGONS Continued.
WANTED — A stylish buggy horse; one well
broken and gentle; state price, etc. Box
S00. Call office. /
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for tale cheap. 532 Mission at.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckb'd.sur-
rey, harness, work. drlvlng'horses. 15th-VaIencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of h^ou'seTTo^leTTs^nXforciP
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving pet our printed list of houses
to lot. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at.
IX VESTMENTS.
BONUS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities .for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1)27 Market st.
LOST AND FOL'XP.
LOST — Large sunburst set with pearls; large
diamond in center; also 'lady's pansy pin
with j-ma'.l diamond in ceiuir;' reward of
550: no questions asked. Return to J. LO-
GAN, World Drug Co., 810 Market Bt.
LOST — A red pocket-book containing check
and drafts of no value but to pwner; liberal
reward; no questions asked.- 06 Geary st.,
room 1. I
LOLi — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society cf San Francisco in. the
name of THOMAS SAMPSON. No. 204-752.
The finder will please return to • bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
rrame of JACOB PHILLIPS. No. 240-650. The
Under will please return to bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society ot San Francisco in the
name of CHARLES GLATZ, No. 214-7U9.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Child's gold pin containing two tur-
quolseti Rnd pearl. Return photo parlors,
1025 Market st. V
■ '.MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist . for all female
ccmplaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' exi>«?;1'-nce: removed to 828 Post Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills;, best regulating pills
ecM; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
ryrlnfre and tablets; -price $5. By express
only ca receipt of price. "OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and'
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on, female
complaints; positively Corrected; the unfortu-
pate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Oi'JJce. 1015 Market st.
I CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
n.ent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; bes* medical care; low fees.
Dn. Goodwin, 7.T5 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment ?1O; hours, lo to 5; 25 years' exp«r.
DR. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladies; con-
sult him free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 481.
DR. ROSEN reFides 2995 Folsom Et., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. '
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st., opposite
. Union Square: ail diseases cured hy hertw.
31 INKS AND MIXING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company.' which
owns one of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has- placed on the market 20.000 shares
of Its stock at 25c a share, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert. Is In charge of the work-end re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining;
rapidly as the work advances; this etock will
go to $2 a share within the next 12 months;
interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
fiscal agents * ■' ■ •■ ' fc*«
OERMAN'I A INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
MISCELLAAEOI'S FOR SALETT
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN^
TOSH A. WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st, '
DOES. YOUR RQOF LEAKl ~«*^ .-,--
Repair It with elaterite* in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or ccating: good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for -new roofs.
ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumpe,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday' papers*
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A— Fine suits. J7 BO; dress pants. »2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 : Kearny st.;
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday- to noon.
A — BUYS,, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
A FINE Eelectlon of trunks, suit cases and
tallor-mHile suits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. g. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION .sale— Best $2 50 hats, Jl 60.
Popular Price Hatter, -330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to U p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our mer.s shoes at Jl and $1 50. pair;
foot -form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
84c ROLL and ur>; fine wall paper; samples
iralled; palr.ttng, tlntinsr. papering- M. MKH-
IGAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
Hush et.. third floor, room 4.'
A FINE'Prouty Job press; second hand; good
as new. Box 798, Call.
BAKES and caf* registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market St.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 107.
MILES of oioe and flttincs; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME goud second-hand Kasoline engines. -1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicago**, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 033 Market..
DESKS and safe*: see the complete line at IS10
Market, ab. Var. Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
BAFtJS— New nnd eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. '
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Brerk. 131 Poet St.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market et.
Edis:n phenopraphs, records, supplies, moving
picture machine*, films. Kacig&lupl, 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches;
all size*. J. E. DOAK. 4G Kr'mont St.
ASK for orlces on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER fc CO.. 110 Monig'y.
MISCIglXANKOtiS WANTS. ~
WANTED — A cood business huggy; price must
be cheap. Box 870, Call office.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; ten-l postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES
1140 Market Bt. : phone .Tousle 3741. or postal.
TILTON wauta good second-hand clothing nn4
thea'rlCal gordn. 1S4 nth St.: tel. .Tessle gS.Vi.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
COl-002-Cita Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no dlaapjiointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
e*t». assignments of rents.- property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates nnd undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money !
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~WILL LOAN : : v !
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or .
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels, "
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people,' retail mer- |
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al. no commission, no publicity ;|25 up;qulck .
confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7!
MONET to loan on low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones' bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. -.--; ■
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant are.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. . ' ;
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-40. Chronicle bldg. .'s
MONEY loaned;, reasonable rates. -NORTON
CO., 70S Market et., room 207. .... ;-■;
MOVKV TO 'JMVAX Con I Inned.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
~ per cent Interest. "Baldwin Jewelry 'store.
S46 Market; tel. Main lti44. Branch, io Third.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143. Phelan building. '
AT lowest rates ou furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted
BONELLI. SOI Eddy, Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no com mission.
1170 Mancet et.. room <J8.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, MS Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no ccm. V. TKEMAIN. room 81, 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1C03 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans mAney to
salaried employer. R. ail. Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned ealarled people on notes without
Indorscr. 5IORELL. COO Examiner building.
' MO.VEV WASTED.
WANTED — Building loan, either $73,000 or
$130,000; long time, low interest; elegant
apartment building; fine site; Los Angeles,
Cal.; responsible tenant; ten years: owner
here with plans. Address box SCO, Call office.
WOULD like to borrow $20CO on a house and
lot at a reasonable rate of interest; I have
a good position and can pay oft the mort-
gage in a fhort while. -Box 733. Call offlce.
WANTED — JdXJO; 8 per cent guaranteed; le-
gitimate manufacturing ■ business. A. R,
COULSOX CO.. Inc.. Petaluma. Cal.
MDSICAL I.NSTIIUMEXTS.
ONLY r'ano house In tho city that will rent
• you a new piano for ?3 per month and allow
U months' rent and cartage'' off purchosa -
price; sole agents for McPhail,' Schiller, Doll !
and other, makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, COO
Hayes st. '1 .
A~FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Stelnway. Halnes
Bros., Knabe, Bau», Foster. Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wend»ll, Sterling and other
mnkes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, ltt O'Far-
rell St.; no branches In San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also. fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'B storage. 1636 Market fet.
CHEAP square and upright planes > new and
■ -.gccond-hund organs; very easy payments.
403 Market St.. second floor.
NEW pianos told on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHM1TZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano (or sale; good as
' new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. RYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post 6t.
SUPERIOR violins, sithers, old and new. H.
MCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
STORE to lease; 111 Sansome St.; 50x67:0, in-
cluding two lofts, large basement and good
elevator. ' EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
LARGE office In a prominent building Market
St.; rr.oUern In every respect; rent reason-
able. Room 1024, Hayward building.
NICE fine office " to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California st.. room 21.
PERSQ.VALS.
i'THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth,; tops falling.cures dandruff
■ and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
■ cleanses rcalp; atdrugglsti;', hairdressers'; ac-,
;' cept- no substitute.' Star Remedy. Co., 1338 Polk
; GRADUATIONS 'of New York School of- Massage
; "Osteopathy; vapor .'and electric "baths; face
'. vlhrailns machine .for. rheumatism ; genuine
j r tubs, -hot and cold water; trained nurses as
..attendants.. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary-
MARY KOST1N. lOGTS Howard. :
• ■ Please^ return .xngagsment papers. • You
. vJuipw -the reason. ■ j.- CLINMAN, 270 Shlp-
■ley st. -r .■-. -,..,.. .^ ; ; . ■ ■ - ■■-
>{OT how chen p- but how good Is the motto ot
the manufacturers -of. - tb« Rapid Rotary
.- f St«u><JaTcts,Ui«-»«ewlBB.-Tnachln« of to-day. J.
- W.. KVANS. -agent.. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' ' experience, cures per-
. manently morphine. | cocaine habit. Call or
addrt-sa Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
- ' corner Sutler st. ;' fee moderate.
RAO- carpents wove 'to order and for sale; also
: chenillc-wove rugs;. silk, portieres; dealer in
•carpet twftie; In • hank or chain, at lowest
rates.- Geo.- Matthews/ 70S Fifth st., Oakland.
'LIQUOR hat.it cuxed; we guarantee a cure In 2
days or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
• yi»7 Markers!., room 203.'
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladles' «ults made
to order; Cm-class work; $10; with material
, furnished $20. up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eates ' positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S39. Polk et. : .consultation free; call or write.
AT leas than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market at. _^^
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day ergs.. .Tcutonia Hall, Howard st., near
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
Actir.a restores lost eyesight: cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., :*5'J4 lf)th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist,' 3K) Sut-
ter. r. C00. Miss Eaton. 2.TJ G«ary. room 38.
Bon Mnrche Pants Co. : special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 10. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trle needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit 57 50; dress pants $2 50."
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores' gray
hair to Its natural color;" $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 .p. m. ... '
* PALJJJSTKY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings SI*; 3 questions by ex-
press $;: open Tue. day evg. also. 139 Post St.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to fl daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME 'FOSELLI. scientific palmlft. 515
Taylor Bt.. near Oeary. -Phong 'Black '061.
I Vt PE K 1 1 A i\ O ING. P A IX T I\O. ETC.
ROOMS papered. J4 up; tinting, '-palntlm?.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. SID Third: tel. Main 41.1.
'physicians .axd suhgeoxs.
DR.' C~ cT6' DO NNELuIqi fl ce
H'21% Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar Bttentlon'pald to diseases of women.
BLOOD, tkln nnd rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL. 1073^ Market st. .
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 113-117 .Mason; now lo-.
cated at C67 Geary Et..- near Leavenworth.,
DR. TONG PO CHY. ruccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all riiseaees of human
by use of herbs 11 nd teats. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient. \ ,
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. tho famous herb doctor— All dln-
eaiea cured by Chinese herbs. 74H-S Clay st..
~ PUOPOSALS.
BIDS will be received until February 18, 1904,'
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miles
of Evanston. Wyo. ; plenty of water near by;
coal can bv put at the • ell at from *3 to $3 5u
i par ton; the contractors .to furnish everything
and mnst prosecute the work diligently day
and- : Ple nt until completed. , Bidders will
make separate bids at so mucii per foot . to
sink 100V feet, 1500 feet a.nd 2000 feet deep;
the size of the hole to be not less than ft 14
Inches at the - bottom on. completion. . Tbe"
right >s reserved to reject. any and all. bids
If the , price , Is excessive. For further par- j
tlculam i write or call ; on the undersigned ur
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. SANBQRN. trustee. 031 . Market at.
, • DIVIDEXP XOTICES. ;..*>:
EAN FRANCISCO «nd Suburban Home Build- {
ing Society. Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
. building, 708 ■ Market st.. opposite Third—
..For the half-year ending 31st ut December.
1903 a dividend has been declared at I th»
rate per annum of ' (12) twelve • per ,'ceat; oa
capital stock - an4 participating certificates, j
free of taxes, payable on 4 and after.SATUR-
" DAY January 3. 1004. JOSEPH . A. LEON-
ARD. • Manager. ■ HUGH CRAIG. Breretary.'
DIVIDEND Notice: "'The Giant Powder^Com-
pany > Con.—-A dividend. No. C2. of fifty cents
M50c) per share on the Issued capital stock of
' the company has been " declared, < payable at
' "| the oftloea of the company, rooms ■. 202, ; 204
: and ■ 200 Hayward building, - San Francisco,
.on February UK- 1004. , Transfer books > close
"' February 3, 1004,' at noon. ■ :
■;•:, C. : C. QUINN, Secretary. -
REAL ESTATE--CIT Y—FOR SA * jE -
AUCTION.
AUCTION. ©
AUCTION..
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
tCJS MARKET ST.
TUESDAY. February », 11KM. at 12 o'clock
noon, at our salesroom.
SIXTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 4215-27 Ctli St.. E: line. f!23 ft. S. of
| Harrison St.; 60xS5 It.: improvements consist
; of 2 substantial 2-story frame buildinss, con-
taining 7 rooms and bath each.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
No. 2421 Buchanan st., N. of Washington
St.: lot 25:GxS0 ft.; modern house of 7 rooms
and oorcelain bath; ail new plumbing; 8-foot
basement; brick foundation; key for Inspec-
tion at grocery Buchanan and Jackson sts.
NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. C23 Natoma at., S. line. 275 ft. W. of
7th St. ; lot 20x75 ft. ; Improvements, S-room
house.
ASHEURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
NE. cor. of South Broderlck and 14th sts.;
lot 20:Sxt>tl:3 ft.; No. 00; a very handsome 7-
; rm. bay-window residence; new plumbing, por-
celain bath, etc.: sun In every room; a de-
lightful neighborhood and 0 a beautiful view;
concrete sidewalk; bituminlzed street.
BUCHANAN-ST. CORNER.
- SW. cor. of Buchanan and Lombard sts. ; lot
.10x110 ft.; a most desirable site fcr store and
flat3.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. Ilia Leavenworth St., W. line, 100 ft.
S. of Sacramento «t.; Improvements consist of
a substantial 10-rm. house; this portion E. of
Van Ness ave. is becorrins the center of the
apartment house district. 'and small holdings or
thi* nature will double in value within a short
period.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS."
W. line of Fair Oake St.. 100 ft. S. of 24th
Ft.; lot 60x115; will be sold either as a whale
or In 23-foot lots.
CLEMEXTINA-ST. FLATS.
S. line. Nos. 7'9-719% Clementina st., 200
ft. W. of 8th St.; 23x75 ft.; 4 beautirul little,
flats, 3 and 4 rms. .each; permanently rented
to flrst-clats tenants at $41 per month.
McALLISTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
S. line of McAllister et., S3 ft. E. of Stelner
st.; ejttremely large lot, 60x87:8 ft.; this por-
tion of McAllister at. Is a particularly desir-
able site for an apartment house: good paying
tenant under secured lease guaranteed to th«
purchaser. • i
CLEMENTINA -ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
N. lini of Clementina St., 250 ft. E. of Cth
St.; Nos. 43S-438&; Improvements consist of
a Ptore rented for grocery and bar, 2 flats of
6 rms. and bath on 2d and 3d floors; rent
$77 50 per month.
For further oarticulara apDly
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
W. J. GUNN. ~~~ "
C30 CALIFeRNIA ST.,
(Savings Union Building.)
$1,050 — Eleventh ave.. east side. 150 feet north
of Clement st. ; 2oxl20; $150 first pay-
ment; easy installments; well located;
choice lot; high ground; electric cars
within a few steps; all striFft work d^ns.
$l,S00^ — Union St.. sunny side, near Broderick;
2oxl00; grand marine view; $100 first
payment. $23 monthly. . \ t
$1.0,000^ — Webeter-st. corner, 110x100; cheap;
fine buy for a builder or to Improve
' . with flats.
$0,000 — Baker St., NW. corner; 137:6x13^-0;
cheap.
$50,000— Pacific Heights; 2 choice corners; 27&x
137 :«; grand marine view.
$6,500—2 flats; Larkin St.; 7 rooms, bath-room
In each.
$2,1CO— Corner Filbert St.; 25x100; Union and
Fillmore-st. cars a few steps distant.
$9,500 — 2 flats; Broderick; 7 and 0 rooms.
J3.750 — Clement st. ; large lot. 78x115; a flne
i purchase to Improve with stores and
i Ilats; very cheap. W. J. GUNN.
j 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
THOMAS MAGElTfi SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST,
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
Pays 0 per cant net on $125,000.
I Mortgage of ?T»7,5OO may remain.
New 5-story and basement brick building with
rear frontage.
Building leased to responsible tenants.
Total rents, $8790 per annum.
There Is not a better paying Investment on
Mission st. for sale .to-day.
$lS00 — PRETTIEST and cheapest cottage home
In San Francisco; 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary washtubs, etc.; lot 30x110; street
• work,done; electric and steam cars at the
t3oor»'to all parts o* the' city and cemeteries,
5c. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa st., Ocean
View. '_ *
FOR SALE CHEAP.
Neat cottaee. ' with all modern improve-
ments: terms name a» rent. Apply owner,
.lumber yard, SE. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm sts.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. -Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
. sts., ' office and yard.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$3500 — TWT> paying flat?: Mission warm belt;
rents $35. Apply 30C9 Twenty-second st.
$700— CORNER cottage of 3 rooms, near Cort-
land ave. schoql. Apply 3.'U(J Mission st.
DO ycu went a n!c3 bathroom? Call on AIIL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard at.
MATEO BEAIi ESTATE.
SAN MATEO house of 8 rooms and bath; lot
100x180. with barn and chicken house; $(J000;
' $1000 down and balance $62 50 per month;
on car line. P. COFFIN. 33OT Mission St.
I'OIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE'.
4 LOTS; cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room 4,
third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
FOU sale. In Berkeley— 'IB lots, 40x135,- near
the Santa Fe and Key route and near the
South Berkeley business center, which is
rapidly growing in population; these lots are'
alt tosether and are offered at $2tJO per lot
for the whole; must be worth much .more in-
side ' of a year. For particulars write to
P. O. box 105, South Berkeley.
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
$630 CASH, $0 monthly; 2-story new Eastlake
house; 5 rooms and bath; cood well, also
city water; 3 fine lots; 73x100: all , fenced;
rich'eandy loam soil; Immense onk and laurei
trees; runninc stream of cure water: an
ideal spot and lovely home, adjoining East
Oakland; near fine Echool, electric cars;
away from Iocs and raw winds; price in all
$1275. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., opposite Broadway station, Oakland.
Carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
A SPECIAL bargain; a flne 0-room cottage,
near local train; all street work done; ce-
ment sidewalk, etc.; only $3000; also a - O*.
room cottage, with hath, etc.; only $1000.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. WC, Tenth Et., Oak-
Ian, Cal. NOT MEMBERS OF THE OAK-
LAND REAL KSTATE ASSOCIATION.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET-
2 FINE eunny front rooms, with board, to
rent at 13cy Webater St.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND ' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. II. Scheilhaa.i.lltb st..cor.store.Oakland.
STORAGE A>U /
X^KMPoiriUjT^torage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phong Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH 8torage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Poet and Powell »t».; tel, Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and mercban-
,. dlse. , 3-'E* Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 9U. F..W; Zehfms.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, i 2320 Flllmore gt. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIN3 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1840. ■ Shlpoln* at cut rates.
.. TYPI3\VRITERS_AiVp_ SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
' higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
-jgoraery et. ''.;-■ \' .. .' * ' -
2D-HAND* typewriters sold,', rented, repaired,
i WebHter Typewritinsr Inspec.' Co.; WM Market. '
~~ LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE Is hereby given that. I Intend to ap-
. ply. to the 8tate Board of Prison > Directors
to be ' paroled from the State prison ' at Fol-
1 torn according to law.- THOMAS JOHN-
• SON.'- \y ■».-- .•■'■ ■■ , .'■'■•■•.
I REAL ESTATB Country For Sale.
40 ACRES level sediment land: unequaled for
berries, sotatoes and alfalfa growing: $45
per acre: Vi cash; all water wanted; $1 per
acre per year.
Call or write for full particulars.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406. Examiner bldg.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. • Santa Cruz County. Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands for sate. For panic
ulars address Postmaster. Moss, ' Cat.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-aere farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write fo»r booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGH® & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues eent free. C M WOOSTER CO.. ©43
Market St. •
UOOJIS^FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DE NORMAN UTS COS "post— Nicely funK Tins!?
$2 week up; also bgkpg. $4 to $7 a week.
FOLSOM. 830 — Two large, furnished house-
keeping rooms; also large front room: grate.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
e& suite or single; hcvuekeening privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
(JACKSON. ISIIA— Larse front and back par-
lors. furnished complete for housekeeping;
also single room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments" 134O~Pine^
Sunny, furnished 3-rocm *uites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $00 up.
MCALLISTER. 7S.S— Private family; 2 la§5»!
front, sunny rooms, furnished; also entire
floor 3 roorca. kitchen, bath and unfurnished.
with carpets If <^«lred.
OCTAVIA. 1259. cor O'Farrell— Housekeeping
, suite,e!esantly furnished; gas and coal range.
A BRANCH offlce of The- Call for .he reception
of advertisements and iubscripttons has been
opened at 1U0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
GLENDOP.E— Ktw apartments' on l^ne^st^
east of Van Ness ave.: & and ti rooms ej&n,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric Ilchts, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost, will be flnUhed
with exceptional beauty and taste and ar«
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who w!'-S manage
the building, now approaching cvoipletion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
THE LUNGER, 445 Octavia, cor. Hayes— J sat
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; prtvat*
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roorn
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $35.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 .Tickson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single.' furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references. '■
HADDON HALL,
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTHHST8 WAJgTED.
I WANT a 3-room furnished apartment, all
complete for housekeeping in an apartment-
house. Box 056. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nn<f Unfurn.
AUPORA. corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 SO per
week up; this la the only up-tc-date house ia
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth «t.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping room*; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms, 23c. COc. $1. $1 30 nlgbt;
91 &O to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 13C41 — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, tingle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished' sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 523 — Front bay-wln-^w room; newly
furnished; . telephone; Ket.'..lemen; walking
distance.
FRANKLIN. 502— Large, sunny front room;
neat and comfortable; running water, gas;
. rent $S 50.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Hooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 SO to $6 wk.: reading-room.
HARRISON, 830Vi. near Fourth — Cozy, newly
furnished room for workingman; $3 month.
JESSIE, 303, corner' Fourth— Nicely furnished
room.
JESSIE. 3C3, east U. JT Mint— Furnished
rooms. $8 per month.
JONES. l»10.' near Bush — A very desirable
room: all conveniences. ;
MANHEIM, 682 Suttir— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
MISSION. 837A— Fire single rooms, with run-
ning water, closet; $1 Co per week and up.
NINTH, 2.'55 — Furnished comer bay-window
room fcr light housekeeping; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 623 — Large sunny hskpg. room:
folding bed; grate; also sunny single rm. ; $7.
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent lUhts.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
tn $S; month. $4 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUTTER. 007 — Crystal Hoase^ — Elegant rooms;
board, if wanted; reasonable; respectable.
THE EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites of rooms, suitable for offices.
THIRTEENTH. 207. cor. Howard— Large front
rocm. furnishea ; gas range, folding bed: $10.
TURK, 10 — Sunny front room, furnished.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
rooms. 33c t» $1 nlgbt. $t 73 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus:baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or dub. -
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $150 night; $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF Hous*. 202 Sixth— Electric lUht In
every room; 13v to $1 a nleht: 75c to S5 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for tho recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ODen?d st 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. "•
ROOMS ANDnOAR^
"''~T'T~~^ HO?EL^HATTtSiN^^.^ - r "^"f tJW "'
. 977 Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnlshid
(ultes; private baths; «J1 modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
The Wallace, 044 Van Ness, cor. O'Farrell st. —
Rnom and board $25 month; under new man's:.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.: private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
Hotel liuena Vista. 1070 Valencia St. (warm
belt cf Mission) — Light sun. rooms ; American.
HOTEL ELEMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tafcl?: from $40; single $23. _^
Et'vrnson manaton. 807 California*- Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELf* SOS — Furnished rooms; bosu
cooklnz: German family; $8 per week.
POWELL. 6C2, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
room for 2. term* reasonable: also single rm.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable: take no other. Send Ic
damps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies' "
In letter by return mall. Ask your drugsist.
Ch'.chest«r Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SEAVIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
S^E^V^T^UC^eT^iir^new^Tr^^
chlueg; blightiy used; $10. $15. $20; second- ,
hand. $3. $3. $S: all styles: guaranteed. New
' Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market «t.
$10 SO — NEW Improved drop-head aickel-flntsh.
Guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 50. $3 $4. 143 6th ut.: tel. Je»sia .1136.
•stuttering . axd stammering.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness- Market-^Cure
in every case; Individual teaching: no medl-
clna. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cure.
.. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wen Issued
yesterday:
Christopher R.. Offenbacher, 22, 714 Vallejo
street, and Mary E. O'Hearn, 21, 2123 Howard
Edward L. Marden 21. 600 Hampshire street,
and Jo«e:>hlne Gliibbtny. 21. 25 Grand street.
Ralston R. Smith, , 29. ,815 Geneva avenue,
and Anna E. Lechena, 23, S30& Alabama
street. 5
- Frank Rnme. 65, ' 1032 Kearny street, and
Marcelle Caramano. 46. Napa. -.
Martin J. O'Malley. 22.. 445 O*Farrclll street,
and Mary'E.' McCann, 24, AUmeda.
Mathias Art, 3», United States Marine Ho»-
pital. and Etta L. fanders. 29. Indianapolis
Indians. „
John C. Wilson, 21. city, and Mabel L.
Cluff. 20. city. • , ;•
Harry L-> Baux, 4*. SS2Vi Mission street,
and Maude E. DavenDort, SO, SC4 Mission
street.
Everett E. Lyon. 34. IS 10 Pine street, and
Elizabeth Delehanty. SJC 405 Ellis street.
John A, Glatfclir. 23. Stockton, and Frances
I. Reynows. 25, Stockton.
John J. Van Vostrand. 21. city. *nd Mada-
llnc B. 1-eahy. IS, city.
Henry Lane. 2S. 512 Howard street, and
Mary A. Young. 2H. 2437 Post street.
Sante Ludfcvicl. 20. 520 Broadway, and Ro-
sina Papa. 17. 4li. Union street,
i Louis *■'.-. DilUian. 21, Chicago, and Mabel
I. Gunn. 21. St. Nicholas Hotel. m
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAfES.
Birth, marriage and death notices seat by
ma il .-ill not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oubllcatlon offices voA b*
indorsed with lh« name and residence of per-
sons authorized lo have the same publ'sned.
Notices restricted simply to the- announcement
cf the event are published once in this column
free chars.". #
CHAMPION— In Oakland. February 1. 1304,
to. the wife oi»A. B. Champion, a son.
COBURN— In this elty. January 2C. 1904. t»
the wife cf Ira W. Coburn. a eon.
REMSEN— In Oakland. January 24. 19O4. to
the wife otf Chester A. Remsen, a. daughter.
STOCKWELL— In Oakland. January 2S. 1004.
to. the wife of George S. Stockweil, a
daughter.
THOMAS— In this -city., February 2. 1904. to>
the wife of Ralph Thomas, a daughter.
DIED.
Aaron, Simon Jackson. Harry
Brown. Henry J. Lahey. William
Burke. James Kelley, Nellie H.
Clarke. James Kirby, Rev. Wm. F.
©.yde, Elsie G. Luhn. Sadie E.
Cramer, •Bernard ' Leary, Hannah
Crane, Frank Levy, Joseph
Crane. William B. McCleave. William
Earte, Halford McGill. Mary Eliza
Ellis. Thomas W. Mund. Henry
Ernst. Lulu Rlckerby. William
FUzpatrick, Mary B. Ktttl. Henry R.
Gagan, Thomas-' a- O'lirlen. Thomas
i.J.e.i-1.11, Timothy Sanders. Itiwa
Gorham. Charles L. Sherwood. Winifred <3.
Green, William G. Stratton. Cornelius 1 A.
Hitches. Harry Thompson, John M.
HockSs. Helga T. Torre, John 8.
Hunt. Ernest Edward Woolworth, Charles* P.
0 Q
AARON— #n Hftrth Yaklma. Wash. January
29. I0O4. Sim<4k A;von. husband of the lat*
Hancben Aaron, aiid beloved father of Louis
and Adeline Aaron and Mrs. 8. Ar'ndt, a
native of Germany, aged 83 years 11 months
and 27 days. - — *■ ' .
|E?'Frl«nds-and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Thursday). February 4. 1SXM. at II :SO
o'cloek. from the depot at Third «nd Town-
send Htreeta. Intermtnt Hi!!a of Eternity
Cemetery, where the service* will be held
In the^mortuarv chapel. Please /ranlt flow-
ers. R^nalns at the funeral parlors of J. 8.
Godeau. y
BROWN— In this city. February 3. 1301. Henry
J. Brown, a native of County Glendorf. Ire-
land, aggl W> years'. A members of Colonel
Cass Post, O. A. U.
C7Xot§s of funeral hereafter.
BURKE— In thL« city. February 1. 1904. Jame«
Burke. t> luvM husband of the late Mary
Ann Bi:Vke. and father of Robert. Geore*
and Charles Burke, and brother cf Robert
Burke, and uncle of Edward K. Burke, a
native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
52 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at S:3u o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7ti7 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be cslebrated for
the resosc of his soul, commencing at II
o'clock Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
CLARKE— In Alameda. Cal.. February 1. 1904.
James, dearly beloved husband of Anna
<'la»ftv. a:M devoted father cf Mrs. A. J.
Torres, Mrs. A. F. Serpa and Belle and Jose-
phine Clarke, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years 5 months and 2ft days. (New York
ar.d New Haven papers please copy.)
ICThe iu«ral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock, from hl» lat«
residence. 021 Taylor avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Alam«da. a solemn
requiem mass will be c*letirar<*i for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment, private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
fly funeral car from foot of Market street oa
Arrival of the 12:10 o'clock creek boat.
Please omit flowers.
CLYDE— In this city. February •". 19O4. El«l«
G. I., beloved daughter or John A. and
Emma Clyd*- 1 ami sister of Alvira, Ruth and
Signe Clyde, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 days.
CRAMER— In this city. February 2. 1904.
Bernard, beloved husband of Mary Cramer,
a native of County Leitrlm, Ireland, aged
Qw; years. A member of Court Ecliose. No.
14. Foresters of America and Longshore
Lumbermen's Protective ArsJCJAtion, Local
r> No. 224. I. L. M. and T. A.
CT-friinds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at b:'-',o o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 14 Rltch street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, wh^re a solemn requiem hlgti
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
CRANE— In this city. February 1. 1»4. Frank
Crane, a native ot Chicago, aged 42 years.
CRANE — In this city. February 1. 19O4. Wil-
liam B , beloved son of William and Mary
Crane, and dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
J. J. Daughney and Dennis, Joseph and
Mamie Crane, a native of San Francisco.
E7Frien<la and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:'M o'clock, from his lata>
residence. 3 Shialey . street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repos#
of his scul. commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EARLE— In Berkeley. February 3, 1004, Hal-
ford Earle. beloved father of Henry H-.
George F. and Clara B. Earle. Mrs. Anni*
K. Peck and Mrs. Theodore A. Kelsey. a
native of Vermont, ased »3 years 3 months
and 13 .lays.
(CT Funeral services rtrtctly private at th«
chapel in OOd Fellows' Cemetery, Friday,
February 5, at 3 o'clock.
ELLIS— In this city, February 2, 1304.
Thcmas W. Kills, tun of the late Joshua
Carmen Ellis, a native of Illinois, aged 37
years.
CXFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited It attend the funeral Thursday,
at 11 o'clock, from the funeral parlorst oJ
Porter & White. 423 GolU«n Gata avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ERNST— In this city. . February 1. 1904. Lulu
Ernst wife of Herman Ernst, and daughter
of F. Boehmer of Alameda. and mother o'
Mrs. Lulu Schneider and Almie Ernst, and
sister of Mrs. Emma Logan- and Miss Alma
Boebmer. a native of San Francisco, aged
42 years.
C7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend tte funeral service* Thursday, at 1
o'clock sharp, at tho residence of F. Boeh-
mer. 231S> Central avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. February % I***,
at h-r residence. 11V* Sutter street, Mary B..
j FUzpatrick, a native of Alabama. a«cd »O
years.
GAGAN— In this city, February 3, 1904.
Thomas, beloved husband of Bridget Gagan,
a native of Gort, County Galway, Ireland.
t^TFrlfr-da ami acquaintances are respuct-
fuly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at U:UO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 44Oi-j Jwiaie street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will brf celebrated for the repose of his
•out at, 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cem«tery.
GLEASON In th:« city, .February 3. 1904.
Timothy. ' beloved fath«r of Frank. James.
Joseph. Peter and Edward Gleason and Mrs.
P. J. Chel». and brother of Michael Gleason.
a native ofNentaeh, County TlDperary. Ire-
land, ared <S2 ysars H month* and 2S days.
O'Ren-.ain* »t th.» rarlors of H.-1-. fc-uhr
& Co.. 1137 Mi&sion street, between Sevenm
and Eighth.
GORHAM— In this city, Charles L. Gorham.
husband of Louisa 11. Oorham. and father
01 Charles H. Oosham. a native of Massa-
chusetts; aged 7« years 1 month and 24 days.
GREEN — In this city. February 3. 1901.
William qranvllle. Infant son of J. E. and
Elizabeth L. Green. . \
CTInterment «t. Mary's- Cemetery, Oak-
land, to-day iThursday). leaving 17t> Belve-
dere street at 1* o'clock.
H1TUHCOX— Passed to a higher Jlfe, In this
city. January St. 1904. .Harry, husband oj
Hattie Mayo Hltchcox. and father of Jessi»
and Marv Hltchcox and Mra. Alice E.
McKle. a native of England, aged 62 yeais
2 months and S3 days.
E3r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral Friday.
at - o'clock, from the Mission Masonic
Temple. 2W5S Mission street. between
Twenty-sectnd and Twenty-third, under th«
auspices of Mission Lcdxe, No. 168. F. and
A. M. Intermsnt Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HOCKINS — In Alameda. February 2. 19<M,
Continued on rase Twelve.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen,
JAMES McOINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
——Funeral Director* and Embalmersj
214 gddr St.; Tel. South 97 «■
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mtnton 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNKRAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALM ERi
23J9-23U Mission st.. near Nlaetttni*.
\ sUa Francisco. W**]
1112
•DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pace Eleven.
Helga T»res» Hocklns. beloved daughter of
Ida M. and William V. Hocklns. and »!ster
rt Burdtna, Edna and Russell Hockinn, a
native of San Francisco, aged 13 years 3
months and S days.
Ht.'NT— In Fruftvale. Cal. February 3. 1904.
Kruitvale avenue, between School and Place
streets. Ernest Edward, beloved husband of
Kthtl C. Hunt, and father of Ethel Adele.
rrnnt Edward, Sidney Mott, Ralph Mor:on.
Shirley Chyuoweth. George Trlpp and Mari-
on Gcnevitve Hunt, a native of Englana.
aged ;» years » months and 6 days.. A
member of Orion Lodge, No. 189, 1.- O. O.
F.. and Frultva'.e Camp, No.431. V.. of .
JACKSON— In Oakland. February 3. 190J.
Harry Jackson, a native of California, aged
23 yeara. _
G?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Friday,
February 5 taW. at 2 o'clock, frcm the par-
lors of James McManus. Seventh and Castro
sti-eets. Intermect St. Mary'* Cemetery,
Oakland.
KELLEY— In Ocden. Utah. January 29. 1904.
Nellie H., beloved wife of L. R. Kel'ey. and
daughter of Mrs. B. L. Callahan. and pister
rr 'J*homae and Herman Callahan. Mrs. E.
Jackson, Mn. L. E. Andrews, Mr«. Rose
Ltvertnon. Mrs. Bessie Jansen ejid th« late
Maggie Shafer and John Francis Callahan,
a native of Oakland, ared 28 years.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at Oak-
land, at 2 o'clock, from the residence of L.
E. Ancrewg. 838 Isabella street, thence to
Pt. Francis de Sales Church. Interment St.
Mary"E Cemetery.
KIRBT— In this c!ty. February 2. l»04. the
Rev. William P. Klrtoy (pastor cf St. Agnes'
Church), brother of Timothy acd James Klr-
by and Mrs. Madge Murphy, and Sister De
Sales and Sister Augustine of tlie Presenta-
tion Order, at present In this city, and
brother of the late Thomas Kirby, a native
nt Ustowel. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 43
year* 8 months and 17 days.
CTTht funeral will take placa to-morrow
f Friday)., at 9 o'clock, from St. Agnes'
Church, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
*vbere a pontifical solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LAHET-In this city. February S. 1804. Wll-
Marrs. beloved husband of Mary Lajiey, and
devoted father of Molly T.. William E..
Katie and Thomas Lahey and Mrs. Charles
H. Holland, a native of New York, aged 58
jears. (New York papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place frcm his
late residence, 9r>7 Alabama street. Friday,
FVbruary S. at 0:30 o'clock, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlirh mass will be offered for the repose of
■his 6oul at 9:45 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully invited to attend. Interment private.
LEART— la this city, February ::. 1904, Han-
r.8h belovrd wife of John Leary. and loving
mother of J. F.. D. J.. E. A.. M. E., O. F.
and the late John T. Leary and Mrs. J. E»
Kitzpatriek. formerly Macgie Leary, a na-
tive of Ireland.
LFVT-In this city, February 3, 1904, Joseph.
bHTved husband of the late Sophia Levy.
and father of Alwtander J., Charles. William
P. and Ellas Levy, Mrs. J. Orpenheim, Mrs.
Jules LSevre, Mrs. B. M. Gunzburger. Mrs.
A. S. Strauss and Mrs. A. S. Ldchtensteln
*r.d the late Samuel Levy, a native of Bo-
rcmia. aged 81 years 2 months and 12 days.
(Placerville. Cal.. papers please copy.)
(TT'Kri'jKls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row CFriday). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1445 McAllister street, thence to the
Masonic Temple, corner of f ost and Mont-
romery sirens, where services will be held
under the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 21fi,
F. and A. M.. commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Home cf Peace Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers.
Ll'HX- In tliis city, February 2. 1904, Sadie
E.. r-eloved wife of Robert Luhn. and
•laughter of Catharine and the late John B.
Howatt, and Flster of William, John. Walter,
Albert, Arthur. Edward. Ethel and Lillian
Howatt, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 4 months and 27 days. A member of
Ramona Council. No. 25, degree of Pocahon-
tas. I. O. R. M.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral
Friday. February 5. 1904. at 8:30 o'clock.
from her lat* residence. 5S?7 Seventeenth
utreet, tber.ee to Mission Dolores Church,,
where a Foletnn requiem mass will lbe cel-
ebrated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCLEAVE— In Berkeley. February 3. 1904.
c^aptaJn William McOleave. V. S. A. (re-
tired), husband of Mary Crooke McCleave,
and father of Thomas. Robert, Edward, An-
nie and William McCleave.
E^Fner.Qs and acquaia'ances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
at 11 o'clock, under the auspices of Durant
!.«:.■• No. 2CS. F. and A. M.. from family
residence, Iol5 Walnut street Interment
Presidio Cemetery, San Francisco. Please
omit flowers.
&1<-GILL — In this city, February 3. 1904, Mary
Kliza, beloved and sainted wife of H?nry
M. McGill, a native of Dublin, Ireland, aged
ti" years.
RICKERBY— In this city, February 3. 19W,
WiJliam. beloved husband of the late Alice
rtickerby. and beloved father of Mrs. W.
Fern?. Mrs. J. 11. KnarFton. Mrs. E. Nor-
ton. A. T. end William Rickerby. a native
of Hrmincford. Canada, aged 58 years and
7 months. (Omaha, Nebr., and New York
papers rl'ase «"-opy.)
G7Tri>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, February 5. 1904, at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of his daughter. Mrs. J. H.
Knarstrm. 1000 Catin street. Interment Oy-
rr*f-s Lawn Cemetery, by electric cars
from EichteentSi and Guerrero streets at
2 o'clock.
MUND— In th'.s c!tr, February I, 1904, Henry
beloved brother or William Mund. and uncle
of Mrs. W. C. Crawford. Mrs. M. E. Pres-
ton and Mis* Edith Mund. a native of Ger-
many, aged 00 years 11 months and 13 days.
(.New York City papers please copy.)
C_>" Frienas and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
♦Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
ef Halsted & Co.. JH6 Mission 6treet In-
te.-ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JCF.AL— In this city, February 2. 1904, Henry
R. Neal. a native of Maine, aged 76 years 5
• months and 21 days.
O'BRIEN"— In this city. February 2. 1904
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret
O'Brien, father of John, Jamee and Willie
O'Brien, and brother of James O'Brien and
Mrs. Howard, a native cf Couaty Clare, Ire-
land.
C^Fritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
'Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 134 Natoma rtreet. thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 11 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Ccmetery-
SANDERS— In t!:ls city, February 3, 1904,
Rosa, wife nf the late Arnold Sanders, and
»>cloved mother cf Mrs. Adolph Goldberg.
Saul A. Sanders and Mrs. Aaron Goldberg
o? Hanford, a native of Germany, aged 73
reair.
E^Funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at her lat«
residence. .'-"(» Clay street. Interment pri-
vate. No flowers.
SH Kit WOOD— In AJameda. February 2, 1904,
Winifrrd Gertrude, youngest and dearly
loved daughter of Eugene and Rhoda Jane
Sherwood, Flster cf Eugene. Stanley. Jessie.
KtansfelJ. Rosemary, Isabel, Clarence and
Liionel Claude Sherwood, a native of Monte-
rey County, California.
STHATTON— At his residence. 1834 San Jo«e
avenue. Alameda, Cal.. on Wednesday, Feb-
ruary 3, 1904, Cornelius Allen Btrattcn.
CTTuneral and interment private.
TJIOJIPPON— In this city. February 3. 1904,
John M. Thomnson. a Dative of Pennsyl-
vania, a ted 75 years.
TXJRRE— In this city. February 3, 1904 John
K.. dearly beloved husband of Adeline Torre,
and father of Lucille Torre, and beloved son
<if I.oi:is and Jennie Torre, and brother of
May. Ancelo, Charles and the late Frank
Torre, a Native of San Francisco, ared 23
Mars and ."» months. (Amador County papers
pleatte copy.)
Cy Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully- notified that the funeral takes place
on Friday. February B. lim, at 1 o'clock,
from the residence of his parents 1821
Dupont Btreet. corner Chestnut.
WOOLWORTH— At Burke's Sanatorium So-
noma County, Cal.. February 1. 1304 Charlek
Peck, husband of Flora Ansell Woolworth
ft Mill Valley. Cal.. and son of the Hon.
.1. M. Woolworth of Omaha, Nebr.. a native
of Syracuse. N. Y.. aped 4% years. (New
York and English papers fleasc copy.)
CTFuncral cervices at Masonic Hall San
Fafael. Cal.. Thursday, at '1 o'clock, under
»he auspice* of Mill Valley Lodge No: 306
F. and A. M. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment Omaha. Nebr.
UI.Ui INSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 3.
Philip and B&tnuel Goslinsky. Esther Hen
rictte or Harriet Meyer and Theresa Flelsch
n»r to Minna Gocllnsky. lot on N line of Post
etreet. 60 E of Gough. E 50 by N 137:6: gift
Manuel and Rose or Rosa Phillips <Goslin
*ky> to same, same; gift.
Minna Goelin;ky to William Wolf, lot on N
iine of Fost street. 60 E of Gough, N 120 by E
60; also Jot commencing 60 E of Gough street
tn<S 120 H cf Post. E 60 by N 17:6; $10
City and County of Baa Francleco to same,
io! on KW corner of O'Farrell and Gough
rtreels. N 30 by W 137; 6; $ .
Jane E. Debney to Belle Swasey lot on S
line cf McAllister street. 165 W of Laruna.
W 27 :« by S 120; $10/
Alexander and Sarah Irvine to Albert J
Pon. lot on E line of Fill more street, 112-6 V
of McAllister. N 25 by E 144:6; $10.
William Mensor to James C. and Laura A.
Robinson, lot on S line of Oak street, 190 W of
Flllmore. W 25 by 6 137:6; $10.
William and Margaretha J. Koenig to G«orgo
Campbell, lot on E line of Ashbury street. 360
£ of Frederick. 8 26 by E 106:* $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Phineas
F. Fenrusen. lot on S Itne of Fifteenth street.
137:6 W cf VaJenela. W 63:4 by S 106; $10.
Richard Kane to Elizabeth Wolf and J. P
Meurer. lot on N line of dipper 6treet. 299 :1U
E of Cfcurch. E 25:6',4 by N 114; $10.
Ellen M. and Isaac Moore to John and Sarah
A. Utyitr.. lot on W Use of Dolores street, S34
FIFE MILLIONS
ARE AT STAKE
Trial of a Big Mining Case
Begins in the U. S. Circuit
Court With Army of Talent
IMMENSE PROFITS ' SHOWN
Judge Morrow and a Jury in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday
were occupied with the trial of the case
of the Utah-Nevada Company, an Iowa
corporation, vs. Joseph R. de Lamar
of New York City to recover a per
centage of the gold taken from certain
mines. The Jury was excused from
attending to-day, in order that the at
torneys may argue as to the manner
in which the evidence shall be pre
sented.
A formidable array of attorneys was
present. Representing the complainant
were Houx & Barrett, George E. Bates,
James G. Magulre, W. H. Metson and
Hiram Johnson. The defendant was
represented by Pillsbury, Madison &
Sutro and Lindley & Eickhoff.
The complainant asks for damages
In the sum of $5,260,500, together with
interest, that sum being the amount
alleged to be due as 49 per cent of the
net profits and dividends of the mines
named.
The complaint sets forth the history
of the case as follows:
On January 23, 1894, D. A. Reeves, Frank
Wilson, A. W. Ellis and W. C. Parian, own
ers of the Monitor, Monitor No. 2. the Mon
itor Dump, the Princess, the segregated west
half of the Cliff, an undivided three-quarters
of the Millionaire and an undivided seven
eighths of ihe Lucky Bar mining claims in
Ferguson mining district. Lincoln County. Ne
vada, agreed to sell the same to Samuel T.
Godbe of Utah for $158,033 33, cash, within
thirty days, or on the payment of 5200,000, of
whicil $40,000 was to be paid within thirty
days, and the remainder in three equal pay
ments in six, eight and ten months. The agree
ment required Godbe to pipe water into the
property and to erect a quartz mill of forty
stamps, to cost not less than $SO.OCO nor
more than $80,000, and to operate the mines
In an economical manner. It was stipulated
that should default be made in any of the
payments Godbe shouUL. forfeit Immediately to
the owners all payments previously made, to
g-ether with an undivided half Interest In the
water and milling property and all the Im
provements made by him.
TIME IS EXTENDED.
On March 10. 1894. the time set for making
there payments was extended for oixty days
for tht consideration of $5000 paid by Godbe.
On January 27. 1834, James Xcsbitt, George
NeEbitt. Mrs. Julia McFaddcn and H. A.
Cchen, owners of the Jim Crow mines, ad
joining, made an agreement to sell that prop
erty to Godbe for $150,600, under similar con
liMcns to those prescribed for the sale of the
Monitor claims. Immediately after securing
these agreements Godbe went to New -York
and sold his options to Isaac E. Blake. Blake
on Apt 11 1, 1S94, made an agreement with
De Lamar by which the mines were to be
taken and worked by De Larr.af, he to re
ceive 51 per cent of the stock and dlvldenda
and Blake to receive 49 per cent of the net
profits.
While these things were going on a dis
agreement arose between the sellers concern
ing the exact location of the apex of the lode
or vein in the Jim Crow and Monitor Dump
mines, and by reason of this controversy and
threatened litigation Blake and De Lamar, on
April 22. 1594, obtained the conveyance to De
Lamar of the legal title of the Monitor prop
erties for $80,000 and of the Jim Crow prop
erty for $50,000. De Lamar taking possession
of the mines and continuing to work them. In
the latter part of the year 1894. or the first
part of 1895. De Lamar incorporated De La
mar's Nevada Gold Mining Company and
transferred these mines to that company.
RECEIPTS ARE LARGE.
It is alleged that De Lamar has re
ceived from the profits and dividends
on the stock and the moneys advanced
by him in operating and improving the
properties a large amount of money,
and that he has himself stated that
he has taken from the mines 513,000,000,
of which aj^out 410,000,000 is net prof
its. It is further alleged that he has
not turned over to Blakeor the com
plainant the 49 per cent of the profits,
excepting 57363 44, and that the com
plainant has been therefore damaged
in the sum of 55,260,500, together with
interest. Blake has assigned his in
terest to the 'Utah-Nevada Alining
Company.
Isaac E. Blake occupied the witness
stand in the afternoon and testified to
an oral agreement between himself and
De Lamar at the latter's residence ix\
New York. During the discussion on
the objections to this testimony the
court adiourned.
S or Twenty-second. S 26 by W 133. excepting
easement over SW corner of eaid lot 3:6 feet
Wide from N' tn ?■ Sift
Charles and Catherine T. Gallagher to Leo
and May IsraelFky. lot on E line of Noe street,
t*S S of Ford, S i!5 by E 110: J10.
Ettate of Michael Coleman (by Francis A-
Meyers, administrator) to 'Henry Frosch, lot on
E line of Diamond street lOO N of Eighteenth
E 123 by N 24:6; $1100. r
• Annie Coleman to same, same; $10.
Mary Coleman to same, same; $10.
Henry Frosch to Ida Frosch. same; $3.-
O. II. GreenewaM to Abby'M. Parrott, lot
on N'E corner of Post and Powell streets N
107:7 by E 1<52:8?;. quitclaim deed; $ *
L. E. and Elizabeth M. Boardman to A. W.
Patliani and William G. Ilenshaw, lot on SK
corner of Bush and Leavenworth streets. E
83 ty S 137:6; $10. \
Rosa Constant to John F. Purcell. lot on S
line of Union street. 22:6 E of Larkin E 23
by S 67 :C; $ .
Constance A. Mecks and Blanche T. Heath
to M. Migliavacca, lot on N*W line of Minna
street. S90 XE of Third. NE 25 by XW 80
quitclaim deed; $1.
G. and Madalina Migllavacca to Mary Daly,
lot on XW line of Minna street 39tt JCE of
Third. XE 48 by XW 80; $10.
Christian L. and Cathe or Katharinla Thum
ler to Anna L. Whittell <wife of George) lot
on XW line fo Jessie etreet. 225 XE of Sixth.
XE 25 by XW 75; $10. '
Johanna MacXichol to Eugene P. Connelly,
lot on XW line of Jessie street 250 XE of
Sixth. XE 25 by XW 75; $10.
Isaac and Ethel Oppenhelmer for Oppen
fcimtri to California Title. Insurance and Trust
Company, lot on XW line of Jessie street 155
XE of Sixth. XB 20 by XW 75; $10.
William Garn to same, lot on XW line of
Jessie street, 125 XE of Sixth, XE 30 by XW
75: $10.
Charles Kerrigan to Davlde Demartlnl. lot
on S line of Eighteenth 6treet, 45 E of York.
E 23 by S 03; $10.
Sheldon G. Kellogg to Peter JCelson. lot on
X line of California street. 27:6 W of Second
avenue. X 10T.. W 25, S 105. E 25; $10.
Adolph Winterberg to Annie Wlnterberg, lot
en E line cf Fourth avenue, 125 X of Clement
street. X 25 by E 120; $1.
Thomas H. and Julia L. Price to Solomon
Gctz. lot on E line of Eighth avenue, 197:7S
X of D street, X 25 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John and Abbie
Mosan. same; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loen Society to Den
nis Murphy, lot on W line of Mission 6treet. 100
X or Brook. W 17S to old San Jose road, S 26,
E 173. X 30; $2500.
William J. and Delia Sullivan to James J.
and Mary Sullivan, lot on SE line of Arlington
street. 403 XE of Miguel, NE 25 by SE 84;
gift.
P. D. Code Jr. to Elizabeth Y. Code, lot 344,
gift map 4: gift.
E. L- and Frances Leszynsky to Hannorah
X. Kelly, let on E line of Elsie street. 325 S
of E?meralda, S 25 by E 70. lot 518. gift map
8; $10.
Elbridge J. or Eldridge J. and Mary E. Bal-
Jey and Thomas E. Ccnnell to Herman M.
TCuhn. lot on RE line of Edlnburg street, 25
SW of Brazil. SW 25 by SE 100. block 46. Ex
celsior Homestead: $10.
Clinton T. and Eliza A. Hull to J. Frank
Walter*, lots 4 and 5, block X. Park Lane
Tract 6: $10.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Feb. 3.
Stmr MariDCsa, Rennle, 12 dayi and 6
hours from Tahiti.
Schr Ltly. Bottger, 6% days from Umpqua.
SAILED.
' Wednesday. Feb. 3. ■
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
8tmr National City. Ham mar Fort Bragg.
Etmr Empire. Macsrenn, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per •tmr Mariposa— Feb L about 600 miles
southwest of San Francisco, Br ship Marabon.
from Antwerp for San Francisco; had light
easterly winds.
BOUND JN. I
Schr John A.
» ♦ ■ . _ ' ; _
The sins in our house are never so
t large as those next door.
THE SAN , FRANCISCO .GALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, ,1904.
GRAVE FEARS EXPERIENCED
FOR OVERDUE BARK THEODOR
FOUR-MASTED GERMAN BARK OPTIMA. WHICH HAS JUST BROKEN THE RECORD BY A "WIDE MARGIN
FOR SAILING VESSELS BETWEEN THIS PORT"AND NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA, A VOYAGE SHE
COMPLETED IN THIRTY-SEVEN DAYS. , '
The Norwegian bark Theodor was
quoted yesterday for reinsurance at 10
per cent and, although the rate is low,
grave fears are expressed for the ves
sel's safety. The Theodor left Rot
terdam April 9 of last year for this
port. She was next heard from Au
gust 11, when she put into Montevideo
very much the worse for wear. Bat
tered in a heavy gale, she had lost
spars and sails and sustained other
serious damage. She left Montevideo
September 21, after undergoing tempor
ary repairs. She is now out 136 days,
considerably longer than should have
been necessary to bring her to .San
Francisco. '
The St. Mirren's rata remains at 30
per cent, but a substantial advance is
looted for unless the coal laden lime
juicer shows up. The Martaban is
quoted at 90 per cent.
Kosmos Liner 3feinplils Arrives.
The Kosmos liner Memphis arrived yestjerr
day, 114 days from Hamburg. She brought
about "000 tons of cargo and 19 passengers.
Among the latter, tvas F. P. Flood, a mining
engineer, who came from Acapulco and Is
seriously 111 from Intermittent fever. The
Memphis had an uneventful passage. Her pas
sengers Included the following named:
Mrs. John Barnett. Miss Ruby Barnett,
Jac. Barnett, Sydney Barnett, Mrs.' Ida M.
Brown, Miss Kathie Coakley, Dr. Med.
Husted G. Roy Bullen, F. P. Flood, Mrs.
Flood, Leslie Elliot.
Optima's JPast Passage.
The wonderful passage of the German bark
Optima from this port to Newcastle, Austra
lia, was a well-discussed topic yesterday In
the local marine world. In making the run
across the Pacific from port to port in 37
days the Optima established a new mark for
sailing vpsaels. This is the fastest passage
by a wide margin ever recorded Ixtween
thcRe ports. The Optima Is a four-maatod
bark of 2S45 tons register. She was built In
1S92 at Hamburg, where she is owned.
"Daddy" Blair Celebrates.
"Daddy" Blair, port admiral of the Alaska
Commerolal Company's fleet, yesterday cele
brated tho fortieth anniversary of his first
command. Forty years ago "Daddy" was
mate of the American bark Henry. While at
Palermo loading fruit for New York the cap
tain was taken sick and "Daddy" was placed
In charge. Tlie Henry was a vessel of only
5S5 tons, but Captain John G. Blair still glows
with pride when he talks of his first com
mand and the flash voyage he made In her
on that first voyage. The' captain died dur
ing the passage and "Daddy" retained the
command and wore the title of captain until
somebody, many years ago, dubbed him
"Daddy." and to that name he has answered
ever since.
Schooners in Collision.
The schooner Fanny Adele, coming In from
Grays Harbor Tuesday night about 11 o'clock,
drifted across the bow of the schooner Ad
vent, anchored off Alcatraz. The Advent's
spinnaker. was torn, and to clear the careless
Fanny the Advent had to ellp her anchor and
leave mud hook and 45 fathoms of chain a:
the bottom of the bay. ,
To Go Halibut Fishing.
The scow schooner Kate, Captain Foster,
which sailed yesterday for Port Tbwnsend,
Is to be used in the halibut fishing trade.
Bar-Bound Steamers Sail.
The steamers Oregon and Fulton, which
have been barbound for several days, sailed
yesterday, from Astoria, for this port. *;" :
A Cargo for Mexico.
/ The schooner Joseph Russ was cleared yes
terday for Santa Rosalia, Mexico, with 900
bbls flour. 2511 gals wine, 30.000 lbs coffee,
25,955 lbs rice. SCO lbs butter. 1S61 bales hay,
20,603 feet lumber. 38,000 lbs cement, 100 cs
dynamite. 2 cs blasting caps, 2 bales hose and
1 cs'oll. valued at $11,850. -"<■.•
Notice to Mariners.
The following affects the List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1903: -.
WASHINGTON,
Wlllapa Bay Entrance, Page 69 — Inner buoy,
a PS. first-class nun, reported adrift January
18 was replaced January 29.
Grays Harbor Entrance. Page 78— Trustee
Spit buoy No. 0. a red first-class nun. reported
adrift January 26. was replaced January. 30.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
C. O. CALKINS.
Commander. V. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Feb. 3. ■
Etmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, 69 hours from San
Pedro.
Ger stmr Memphis. Reiher, 114 days from
Hamburg, via Mazatlan 5 days.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 36 hours from Ven
tura. ■ ' J '■■'•■
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 14 hours from
Caspar.
Bktn Mary Wlnkelman, Hellqulst. 6 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Volunteer,' Bressen, 6 days from Colum
bia River. . .
CLEARED,
Wednesday, Feb. 3.
Stmr State of . California, Thomas, Son Di
ego; Pacifier Coast Steamship Company.
Br ship Eurasia, Hughes, Queenstown; G
W McNear. 1 . •:..■' ■■
- Schr Joeeob Russ, Garskl, Santa Rosalia;
F Santalller. . • ' -
SAILED, i
' ■■; Wednesday,' Feb. 3.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, Mendoclno.'
Stmr Whlttier, Macdonaldl, Ventura. -
Stmr Iaqua, JorgenEon, Eureka. ' ...
Stmr JEureka, Jcssen, Eureka. *
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. Tacoma.
Stmr nival. McClements. Wallapa^Harbor.
Ftmr Navarro. Weber, Binders Landing.
Ur stmr Wellington. Mckellar. Ladysmlth.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. Coqullle River,.
f-tmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle.
Kchr Mary, C, Campbell, Bodega.
•Schr Kate, Fester, Port Townsend.
Pchr Jessie Minor. Jorgenson. Coos Bay.
Schr Marion, Topfer, Blaine.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Jensen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Gem, Benson. Tillamook.
Schr Wm Olsen. Roovik, Grays Harbor.
Schr Joscsh Buss, Garskl. Santa Rosalia.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, . Feb 3, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind southwest; C miles per hour.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Aberdeen,
from Coos B«y.
Passed Feb 3 — Stms G C Llndauer, from
Grays Harbor for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 3— Schr Lottie Carson, from
San Dieeo. .
PORT TOWNSEND— Parsed in Feb 3— Schi
Susie M Plummer. from San Pedro, for Taco
ma. Pasesd out — Schr A M Baxter, from Port
Hadlock, for Redondo. ■ ; •
CASPAR— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Samoa,
hence Fob 2.
TATOOSH— Pasesd In Feb 3— Br ship Lln
llthgowshire, from Panama, for Port Town
send.
Passed In Feb 3— «chr Irene, from Redondo,
for Tacoma; «tmr Jeanie, hence Jan 30, for
Seattle; schr •Kallua, from Eleele, for Port
Townsend.
UMPQUAf- Sailed Feb 2— Schr Caroline, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 8 — Br stmr Atholl.
hence Jan 20; etmr City of Puebla, hence
Jan 31. • .
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco. f»
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr San
ta Cruz, for San Pedro. »
■s.SAN DIEGO — Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Asuncion,
for Redondo.
Arrived Feb 3 — Schr Oceanca Vance, from
Ballard.
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Nebraskan, for New
York.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived Feb 3— Schr Jennie
Wand, hence Jan 2<j.
PORT HADJX3CK— Sailed Feb 3— Schr A
M Baxter, for Redondo. t
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr San Mateo.
hence Jan 30.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 3— Stmr Prentiss
hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb o — Stmr Oregon, fo* San Francis
co; Etmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BKND— Arrived Fe8 3— Bktn Ad
denda, from San Diego.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Feb 3— Br ship
Pass of Balmaha, for CaUao.
COSMOPOLIS— Arrived Feb 3— Schr Roy
Somers. hence Jan 17. /
VENTURA— Sailed Feb 3— Schr Fannie Du
tard, for . /
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr
Homer, for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 3 — Schr Roy Somers, hence Jaji
17; Fcbr E. K. Wool, from 'San P«dro; schr
Metha Nelson, from Topolobampo; schr Ariel,
from Kahului.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 3— Bkta Klikitat,
for Port Ludlow.
KAHULUI— SaiUd Feb 3— Schr Mahukona,
for Pu^et Sound. . • . •
MANILA — Arrived Jan 30 — Br stmr Claver
burn, for Shanghai.
EASTEJJN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Alllanca,
for Colon. * %
. FOREIGN PORTS. '
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 10— Br stmr Wy
neric, from Pert Ludlow: stmr Siberia, hence
•Tan S. Prior to Keb 3 — Stmr Shawmut, from
Tacoma.
PER1M— Passed Feb 1— Br stmr Cal
chas, from Vancouver, for Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 3— Fr bark Asie,
for San Pedro.
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb 3— Br itmr Wye
flcld. hence Jan 50.
ACAPUI-CO— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Colon, for
Panama; Ftmr San Joae, for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 31— Ger stmr Sera
pis, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— In port Jan 20— Br ship Peleus,
-for Rnn Francisco: Ger ship Aldebaran, for
Puget Sound. ■ -
. FALMOUTH— Sailed Jan 16— Br ship An
aurus, for Hamburg, to load for Puget Sound
or Oregon. ■
COLON— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr' City of Wash
ington, for New York.
GREENOCK— Arrived Feb 2— Fr bark
Alice, hence SeDt 1.
NEWCASTLE. ENG— Arlrved Feb 2— Ger
bark Gustav and Oscar, from Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Arrived Feb 3— Bark
Challenger, from Cape Town.
OCEAN STEAMERS. -
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Georglc.
for Liverpool; stmr Majestic,' for Liverpool.
BREMEN— Arrived ! Feb 3— Stmr Wilhelm
II, for New York.
SINGAPORE— Sailed Jan 16— Ger stmr Nu
bia, for New. York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San ■ Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
. NOTE^ — The high and low. waters occur at'
JJii- city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25'
minutes later than at -. Fort . Point ; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4.
Sun' rises '. ...1.7:12
Sun sets .........;..... .". . .'. .5 :36
Moon rises.. .9 :2U p. m. :
O Time Time ITIme| ■•". Tlmel
p Ft; Ft. ( r Ft. 1 Ft.
,» II W .< -. L W |H W| I* W|;
.4 1:45.5.4 7:13 l.S 1 :23 ' 5.2 7~40 0.2
5 2:27 5.6 8:17 1.7 2:27 4.8 8:26 0.9
6 3:08 5.5 0:20 1.6 3:31 4.4 9:12 1.5
7 3:58 5.5 10:27 1.4 4:46 3.9 10:08 2.1
8 4:50 5.5 11:37 1.2 6:12 -3.8 11:08 2.5
.91 6:47 5.5|12:50 . 0.7 7:52 - 3.7 ...:. .....
NOTE— In the above ■■ exposition of ' the tides
the early morning tides are given in tho left
hand I column and i the successive tides , of i the .
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. 1 except when • there are but three ■ tides, as
sometimes : occurs. The -■ heights given * are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
, Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the Mower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, ■ San Francisco, Cal.,
February 3. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wag dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. st noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. " From. I Due,
G. Llndauer/.. Grays Harbor |Feb. 4
City Para New York via Panama. Feb. 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria Feb. 4
Point Arena. .. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Feb. 4
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 4
Chehalls Grays 'Harbor Feb. 4
Czarina Coos Bay t ..|Feb 4
Corona Humboldt |Feb. 6
Newburg...... Grays Harbor |F«b. S
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. »
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 6
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb. 6
Santa Cruz Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 6
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 6
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 7
Texan New. York via Coronel. Feb. 7
Sequoia'. Grays Harbor Feb. 7
Tltania Nanaimo Feb. 7
Centralia iGrays Harbor... 1 . Feb. 8
State of Cal... I San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 8
Pomona :. Humboldt Feb. 8
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 9
North Fork.... Humboldt Feb. 9
S.Barbara Seattle & Olympia Feb. 0
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Feb. fl
Mera .(Seattle Feb. B
San Jose i^ ew York via Panama. Feb. 10
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way Pts.. Feb. 10
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 11
Nevadan [Honolulu & Kahului... Feb. 11
Claverlng Hongkng v. Manzan!Uo|Feb. 13
- TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. " Sails. Pier.
February 4. 1
Porno.- .. Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
StateCal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier J)
Arctic -Humboldt 5 pm|Pier 2
„ -r, ■ February 5. |
Coos Eay g an Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Lmatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chico Coqullle River 6'pmPier 2
February 6. |
Newport.... x. y. via Panama. 12- m Pier 40
Pt. Arena, r. pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pmlPler 1«
Samoa Lo S Angeles Ports. 2 pmjpier -.4
_ February 7.
J». «°sa Pan Diego &. Way. 0 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
°, r l?°, K Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
C. Nelson... r, O s Angeles Ports. 10 amIPler 20
February 8. 1
Newburg.... Grays Harbor. 4 pmlPler 10
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 12 m Pier 1.1
Centralia.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Kureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
G. Llndauer. Astoria & Portland Pier
February 9.
S. Cruz Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
. e _ February 10.
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Sequoia Grays Harbor. ...'.. 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February* 11. . -
Centennial.. Seattle A. Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Marlposa Tahiti direct. 11 am Pier 7
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
February 12.
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mera Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 10
North Fork. Humboldt / 5 pm Pier 20
February 13. I
City Para... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m|Pler 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steanftr. For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
J. Dollar Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb. B
Al-Kt.. Skagway & Way Porte. Feb. 5
Valencia...... Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha Cook3 Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 12
Dirigo. Skagway & Way Ports, j Feb. 16
Santa Ana..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts'jFeb. 18
Builders' Contracts.
A. . B. Hammond (owner) with Mallory &
Swenson (contractors), architect J. E. Krafft—
Carpenter work, etc.. for a three-«tory brick
residence, with basement, on the • N - line of
Broadway, 137:6 E of Flllmore, E 67:6 by N
137:6; $6200.
Henry- Hlckman (owner) with W. R. Kenny
(contractor), architects O'Brien & Wenner—
Alterations and additions to make a three-story
framo building on the S line of Sacramento
street, between First avenue and Cherry street
3920 and 3031 Sacramento street: $1647.
Bohm Bristol . Diamond Company (owners)
with William Batoman (contractor),, architect
Curtis Tdbey Jr. — Alterations and fixtures on
ground door, of building at 104 Geary street;
Edward H.: Howard (ownwK with Adolph
Petry <£'**t actor), plans by owner— All work
except painting, gas fixtures and window
ehades. for a three- story frame building- («
flats) on the NE corner of Vlcksburg and Eli
zabeth streets. 40 on Vlcksburg by 117-R on
Elizabeth: $9445. f"'; 00 "
Joseph A. Schuler (owner) with William Lin
den (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son
All work for alterations and additions to
change a two-story frame building into a three
story and basement frame building on SE cor
ner of ■ Buchanan and Turk streets S 90 bv E
55. Western Addition 22«: $0787. ..;.
. Regents of the University of California (own
ers) with D. B. Farquarson (contractor), archi
tect Nathaniel Blaisdell — All work except ele
vator work, plumbing, and electrical work for
alterations and additions to Sacramento build-
Ing ; (four-story building) on E lino of First
street. 137:0 S of Market, E 137:6 by S 137:6:
$1823. v ,s.^-7.-v-V ■■-. >- ■, , V
■Same owners with CahlU & Hall Elevator
Company . (contractors), ' architect aame — Re
moval : of .' old elevator, and ; to install " a, direct
electric seml-pasyenger • elevator complete for
same cn'eame;'$1725. i '. < ■ •- -
THROUGH TRAIN
SERVICE FAILS
."Key Boute" Lacks Both Cars
. and Tracks for a Service
Into Center of Oakland
MORE EQUIPMENT OKDERED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 3.
It will be $. long while — probably sev
eral years— before the Key Route finds
Its way into Oakland proper.
This is the actual condition of affairs
as admitted by officials of that new
ferry system, though that admission is
not made for publication. v
The people of Oakland have been
wondering why the Key Route has not
been giving Oakland a service. There
are more people In Oakland than In
Berkeley, and the Key Route was com
pelled to come to Oakland for its ter
minal franchises, and Oakland turned
over to that company and the Santa Fe
one entire street, yet Oakland to-day
has no service from the Key Route,
though full trains are run to Berkeley
every trip. This condition of affairs
has given rise to much talk in Oakland,
and it has even been hinted In San
Francisco papers that there was a traf
fic agreement between the new ferry
system and the old.
An official of the Key Route system
made the following: statement in regard
to its service to Oakland, which shows
the condition of the new company:
In the first place, we cannot run "Key
Route" trains into Oakland, because we have
not got the cars. We have only got cars
enough to run trains to Berkeley s and even
these cars are running full to overflowing.
We have been compelled to put into th«
Berkeley service cars that we ha*-e been com
pelled to adapt from other branches of th«
service. We have determined that we will not
attempt to handle more than we can comfort
ably do, and for that reason, if for no other,
we arc confining ourselves to that one service.
In the second place, we cannot run main
line trains down San Pablo avenue, becaus»
the flanges on the cars are too deep, and the
rails on that avenue are too shallow. We can
not run the single car that la operated from
Fourteenth street directly out on the pier
without transferring the j passengers at For
tieth street, because the car ts half open, and
an open car cannot be run out on the pier.
We have ordered more cars from *he East,
and v:e expect them shortly, but wiT«n & full
train or even a car will b« run down San
Pablo, avenue into Oakland is & question that
has not yet been decided.
There is no traffic agreement between the
Key Route and the Southern Pacific Company.
We are out after all the business that we
can get. but we are not going to try to
handle business that Is beyond our equipment.
We have ordered all the equipment that we>
can get; until that comes we are not going to
try to handle what Is beyond our maens. We
have got from Berkeley alone more business
than we expected.
As for future work, -we are going to complete
the Piedmont branch along Fortieth street,
but that will not be operated until the new
cars come. rS
When can will be run into Oakland prop*?
is a question. There is a condition surround
ing both cars and tracks. that Is a difficult one
to face.
This is the first definite statement
that has come from Key Route officials
as to why Key. Route trains are not
run into Oakland, and it looks as if the
days when Key Route trains would
come Into Oakland would be far in the^
future.
As a matter of fact Key Route of
ficials have no definite plans as to when
Key Route trains would come into Oak
land. They are confronted with the fact
that they will have to rebuild their San
Pablo avenue line to run high speed
cars on the avenue. They also lack
trackage facilities along that avenue at
the Fourteenth street terminus, and
they also lack trackage facilities at the
end of their pier, go that Oakland's
chances for getting Key Route trains
into the center of town are not very
immediate, and Oakland will have to be
satisfied with its swing car and its ex
tra fare.
ASSOCIATES RECOGNIZE
HER STERLING WORTH
Pacific Mail Office Staff Presents a
Diamond King io Miss Susie
Nicoll.
While the woman in business now
excites no comment in the modern
business world there are few of the
gentle toilers who have made quite
the mark in their field of labor as has
Miss Susie W. Nicoll of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, who tho
other day completed a quarter century
of service with that corporation. Miss
Kicoll's name has " been on the pay
roll longer than any other member
of the office staff. Entrusted v/ith the
carrying out of responsible and ex
acting duties, her ability and sterling
worth are held in peculiar esteem by
the high officials of the soulless cor
poration she has so faithfully served.
Valued by her employers, sh» is lov
ed and respected by her associates on
the office staff, who showed something
of their esteem- the other day when
they presented Miss Nicoll with a
handsome diamond rinir.
The • presentation was made by C.
R. King, who spoke as follows:
On behalf of your many friends, employes of
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Company and
Toyo KUen Katsha, I desire to congratulate
you on this,* the twenty-fifth anniversary of
your connection with the Pacific Mall Steam
ship Company, and to express the hope that
the next twenty-live years will find you enjoy
ing equal health and far greater prosperity.
The good fellowship and kindness universally
shown to each and all of us by you during our
association In the steamship business Is deeply
felt, and as a slight manifestation of our ap
preciation we beg to present you with this
small token of a flection and esteem.
It Is hoped that this gift will serve as a
memento of this congratulatory occasion, and
that the friendships formed during the last
quarter of a century will continue to flourish
with undlmlnlshed vigor until the end of the
chapter.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
dsco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
6C0 Brunswick ... 06 100 Paymaster ... 13
503 Evelyn 25 100 Ray £ OBrlen lo>
100 Mont Ton...l ZlVi 1^ Rescue 08
100 Mont Ton ..1 i2*A
"■ Afternoon Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 01 200 Mont Ton ..1 42V,
400 Evelyn 25 200 Rescue 06
4300 MacNamara . 13 2C0 Ton Midway. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 3—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. gin « " k
Alpha 07 09 Justice 08* 10
Alta 08 10 Kentuck. 04 C5
Andes 2« v 28 Keyes Graes.. 1 75
Belcher 34 36 Lady Wash;. — 07
Best & Belch. — 2 15 Mexican .....1 83 1 «o
Bullion 06 07 Occidental;... so S5
Caledonia ...1 05 1 lOjOphlr 3 65 3 TO
Challenge Con 2C 27 (Overman .... 35 36
Chollar 20 22:Potosl «o , «.»
Confidence ...1 00 1 10 Savage 45 4a
Con C & Va.l «0 1 63 Scorpion ..... o° * <£
Con Imperial. 02. C3|Seg Belcher.. 08 C9
ConNTi 05 P7'SIerra Nev .. CO £>
Crown Point.. 24 2« Silver Hill .. 66 70
East Sierra N «5 06JSt Louis '.... — «©
Eureka Con... — 50 Syndicate ... 04 06
Exchequer ... 14 16 Union Con .. Rl 33
Gould & Cur. 31 32 Utah "4 2£
Hale & Norc. CS *75| Yellow Jacket 43 50
Julia ..." 03 05*
* TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bld Aslt
Colehan ..... — ' 19 Ton Belmont.. "• 72
Eeptranza ... — 01 Ton & Cal... •>*
Gold Anchor. 16 ' — Ton Exten ..70 —
Gold M Con. 01 C3 Ton Fraction. " 49
MacNamara .12 13 Ton ■ & G W. — 10
Mlzpah Exten 17 25 Ton of Nev. 5 75 7 CO
Mont Ton ..1 40 145 Ton N Star.. 33 35
NY Ton .... — 05 Ton Midway. 40 41
Paymaster ... 07 10 Ton Superior. — 1»
Ray Exten .. •—.: 25 United Ton .. — 12
.Rescue 05 OS
ADVKRTISKMENT3»
Positively cored by these
little Pills,
They also rellere Distress from Dyspcpsli,
tndigesdou and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
: feet remedy for Dizziness, Kaosea, Drowsl-
bcss, Bad Tasteln the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
; Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thcf
Regulate the Barrels. . Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
8mall Price.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
iHUSEUS OF fiHATOHYi
A Q§ XQ5UUSXXT8T.»«t.fcW7a,S.T.C»L ) 1
\ PVr TaaLarnstAutoaialMuseaalntke
A Mlift World. Wcakamw or *ay comtneted | '
7 IhCT^Bfr dijeite y*«lllvvl7cair*iihv the sliest '
0 |k9| SpediastoaUleCouL £1^36 yean. 4 >
a i&ffl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ r(53«n Coofo!t»Hoa free »nd jOletly prWtte. \
M I j5>KT H Tinnacnt personally «r br letter. A M
W 1 JT <» B /wati ftmm net? MwundtftikBi. T
A B § n A Write fer Soak. PWLOWP1T »t A
V • I HV maubmse. vtAU-mo rxEi. ( A f
Y OB. joRDi.N Jt CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. P. f
OCEAH TKATEL.'
s4t\£~f f **i. St«amers leava San Frma-
/^W^-VCQy clsco an follows:
/+%_ ■ X»\ • For Ketchlkan. TVrangel.
»/teSll VA Juneau, Halnes, Skaguay.
1 I \iS3Sa I I etc.. Alaska— II a. m.. Keb.
I 1 Vy^Sffi\ \ j p 10 15, -jo. 25. Mar. 1.
Vs\ \\ * 7 0/ - Change to company's iteara-
V^vV^iHfc era at Seattle.
XdWsW5^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
"^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Feb. 3.
10. 15, 20. 23. Mar. 1. Chang* at Seattle tj>
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. _ , ,.
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV— Pomona, l.»»
p. m.. Feb. 4, 10. 19. 22. 28. Mar.*. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Feb. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. Mar. i
For Loa Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Roea. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. in.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Peilro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooa Bay 9 a. m.. Feb. 5. 13. 21. 29. Mar. 8.
Bonita. » a. m.. Feb. 9. 17. 25. March 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, MazaUan. AJltata, La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (JWx.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamer* or sall-
"^TICXET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C D. DCNANX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.
will call for and check baggage from hotels
and residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 7. 17. 27. Mar. 9, IS. 2*.
April 7 and 17. S. S. Oregon is temporarily In
service Instead' of the Columbia. Geonte \V.
Elder sails Feb. 12. 22. March 3. 13. 2r?.
April 2 and 12. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., ani short rail line from Portland
to all' points East. Through tickets to all
points all rail or steamship and rail, at lJyv. -
EST R-\TES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear »t. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery «t.
AMERICA!* X.HTB.
Plymouth— Cnerbonrir— Souttamtrtoa.
From New York Saturdays at 9:S0 a. rn.
St. Louis Feb. 6;St. Paul Feb. 20
Xew York ...Feb. 13!Philadelphia ...Feb. 27
AT1ASTIC TXAHSPO»T LX2TE.
JTew Tor* — London Direct.
Minnehaha £«*». 6.9 a.m.
Manitou Feb. 13,9 a.m.
M«aba .V...... Feb. 20. 9 a. m.
Minnetonka Feb v*r i> J " P- m-
Only first-class passengers earned.
Doacunow uxrs.
Portland UTorpool — Short sea passage.
CanadsT Feb. 6,'Canada Mar. 13
Dominion .:,..Feb. 27! Vancouver Mar. >6
HOI^CAND-AiTEKICA LIITE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers cf 12,500 Tons.
Hew York — Rotterdam, Via Boologaa.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
•Sloterdyke Feb. lfijt Amsterdam ...Mar. I
Statendam Feb. 23! Rotterdam Mar. 8
•Freight only. ISteerage only.
RED STAS I.XNE.
Hew "yori — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Finland Feb. CIKroonland Feb. 21
Vaderland Feb. 13|Zeeland Feb. 27
WHITE STAS XJHE.
2few York — Queenstown— Liverpool.
Sailing "Wednesdays.
Oceanic. Feb 10. 1 pmj Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am
Celtic... Feb. 17, tt amj Oceanic. Mar. 9. noon
Cedric.Feb. 24. 11 ami Teutonic. Mar. 16. 10 am
Boiton — QueenBtown — Liverpool.
Cymric Feb. IS. Mar. 17. April It
Cretlc Mar. 4. Mar. 31, April :S
BOSTOH MirUlTlIBSAHSAH S^KVICU.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa. 4
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Feb. 27. April J>. May 14
CANOPIC Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific »-**st,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
t
■ REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 26
ROMANIC Feb. 27, Apl. $». May tt
CANOPIC Mar. 12
fSend for rates and illustrated booktet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.
First class. $65 upward.
Boston 'to Liverpool q,^
CRETIC Mar. 3. Mar. 31. Apl. »
CYMRIC Feb. IS. Mar. 17, Apl. 1»
First class. $60 and $65 upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State st..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL* STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, eallinr at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc No cars*
received on board the day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
Dany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
pany "»^ ff H AVERY> General Agent.
0CWBKS,5X0.S«
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11, 11 a. m.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. tn.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.m.
iJJ?a£Cmi*BHJ.CS,l{fr.T]tU!«i!tB,B43!attq
M0tlQcira tafatSLFfclc. J.PadfeU
C0MPAS5IE eXBXBALB TIUNSATLISTWS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
falling every Thursday Instead of &&&&&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trora Pier 42. *utfKS3?
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island _ and VaJlejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FlilSBIE or MONT1CELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:SO p. m. Leave Vallej-v
7 a. in.. 12:30 and 6 p. ni.. ex. 'Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-at. dock. HATCH
SROS.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Storks weak. Cotton lozver again.
Silver declines %c. Sterling Exchange a fraction higher.
Lumber trade reported unsettled and' quieter.
Local Stocks and Bonds still without especial feature. ;
Wheat and Barley quiet at previous prices.
Oats in fair demand and steady. Corn very firm. ' •
Bran and Middlings still scarce and strong. Hay mairket stiff.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds. . .
Butter steady, Cheese plentiful and Eggs scarce and firm. ;
Provisions quiet, with Cottolcne higher.
Hops Quieter but steady, with light stocks.
Spring Lambs scarce and high. Other Meats as before.
Potatoes steadier. Onions firm. Southern Vegetables in light
receipt.
Poutlry in better tone. Arrivals of Game liberal.
Oranges still unfavorably affected by cool weather.
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Ircn says cf Lum
ber In January: •
"The opening of the fi.'ft month of the
new j-mr found the lumb<»r trade of the Pa
cific Coast m a i>f«-uliar!y abnormal condition.
In certain lines the prevailing prices were j
not what they should have b^rn. while in I
others absence of adequate demand forced .
unsatisfactory conditions ujxin both manufac- I
turers and dealc-rs. During the month Just
closed a risible improvement has occurred,
owing to a betternu r.t in the relations of the ,
manufacturers all over the Wfi-t coast. In ,
the red ofiar tfcinRle distrlctn of Washington j
th« »«>ociaticn controlling over 90 per cent
of the output, have advanced the prices of the
four best grades 10 cents per thousand, leav
ing the culls where they were. The Eastern. (
Washington lumber manufacturers also form
ed a close orpanization which raised prices
all along the line with the result that a ftlffer
market has prevailed during the last fortnight.
The Pacific Northwest status gives excellent
prr>mis# of phapln^ Itself into far better and
lxrcr r oved form.
"Throughout the northrrn districts of Cali
fornia rains have been plentiful and general
trad? conditions are mort promising, but In
th* lrx-a!'.tl<*s Fouth of Stockton there have
been no rains of any consequence, with <he
result that the ajrricultur-sts are In great
m'ant, with live rtock dying on all sides.
The** unfortunate conditions bave & most de
rrefflnt err«-ct upon the lumber markets of
this State anJ unless a eatiefying rain comes
in the nest ten d*yp there will be. little de
mand from the San Joaquin a-id eouth. The
pouthera markets ar* also disturbed over the
r resent troubles between the steamship com
jjsny and the lumber carrying vessels. It Is
riiffleuH to exactly determine Just what the
»-xt«nt of this trouble will be, but any dis
turbance is to be rejrretted at this moment.
In and arouni Pan Franciscb the lumber trade
is picking up a little and the worst seems past.
"The Eastern trade, both in shingles anil
lumber for all frrades and species, has fallen
off almost entirely. Thl* Is due to the East
ern buyers holding off until our conditions be
crime more settled."
Weather Report.
<l£Oth M*>ri<iian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 3—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«Sat<\ ae compared with those of «*ame date last
ecits<3n. anu rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stntocs— 24 hours season, season.
Eureka 0.00 23.32 3S.52
R^d IJluff 0.00 13.60 16.41
Sa-rarr.ento O.00 5.22 1O.27
:Ssri Francisco........ O.OO 7.10 10_«i3
Kr**no O.00 1.45 5.42
l;xl.-r*r.<lenc-e 0.00 0.42 1.54
bill Luifr ObiFpo 0.00 -1.5K) t«.77
L<-> Angeles (».<*) 0.57 7.64
fctn Liiego 0.00 0.45 7.5'J
THE COAST RECORD.
= S 2 C 25 -
§ r« r:= R| « \
STATIONS. I S| || If I- I
c c : • 3
: ? ? : : ■
Baker ?A.\2 40 2<» NW Cloudy !7ib
<;" ar w^ 10.10 CO 20 W Cloudy .00
Eureka ?.n.(r£ 62 40 SW Cloudy .00
£arailon 30.M 49 id NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 30.14 70 32 E Clear .00
Flasptaff :;o.l« M 1*( NW Clear .00
Pocatello ;r».24 44 14 SE ClouJy .00
Point Reyes... 20. OS 48 44 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .30.12 «2J ZH S Pt.Cldy .00
Lot, Angeles.. SO. 12 70 42 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpaie.30.il iA 50 SW Foggy 00
Uorth Head... 23. 70 43 42 £E Rain 20
Phoenix 30.06 7S S8 NW Clear .00
Portland 29.84 4«$ 36 Tr
Bed Btuff 30.10 M 34 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburr 29. &0 60 SS NW Cloudy 00
Sacramento ..30.12 CO 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00 i
Bait Lake 30.22 44 20 SW Clear .00
Ben Francisco. 30. 1<» T2 44 W Cloudy 00
Ban L. Obltpo.30.12 72 S8 NW Clear .00
Ban Diego 30.10 C! 46 NW Clear .00
fieattle 29.82 46 .. f?E Rain 22
fpokane X0.U2 32 20 NE Cloudy ".00
T*taceh 29.56 4« 38 B Rain .44
Walla Walla. .29. »6 38 30 W Cloudy .00
TViEnensucca .30.12 W» 20 SW Cloudy 00
Yuma aO.Ott aO 42 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country. During
the last twenty -four hour* there has been a
fall ot nearly half an Inch in pressure over
Pupet Sound. A rtorm of some violence over
llec Vancouver Island and Northwestern Wash
ington.
Rain is falling frora Portland northward and
will prcba&ljr fall on Thursday in Central and
Northern 'California.
Southeast storm warnings are displayed at
Eureka.
A maxlmttza wind velocity of 72 miles per
hour, from the eoutheavt. is reported at the
ir.ouvb of the Columbia River.
Forecast made at tian Francisco for thirty
hours < r.<i:.r midnight. February 4:
Northern California — Rain Thursday; fresh
southeast winds, probably high on the ccast.
Southern California — Increasing cloudiness
Thursday aad i»osMb!y rain Friday; light north
*iruj>. eha.;ir!ng to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday; brisk southerly
wir.df.
Francisco and vicinity — Probably rain
Thm«day; wanner; fresh southeast winds, in
creirir.g.
A. O. McADlE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezu York Money Market. '.
NEW TORK, Feb. 3.— Money on call. easy.
\\ii'i per <cnt; cioeinjc bid, 1%; offered at 2
per cent. Tim* lcr.ns. steady; sixty <iay*. :i\' t <3
4 per cent; ninety days. 4S*?4 per cent; six
mucthfi. 4 Uii+lit r<er cent.
Nezo York Slock Market.
NEW YORK. Ffh. 2 —The Utharslc condi
tion of Etcck Onrttttoq was somewhat rra
rhasized to-day in the absence of the special
»r>"CTJlative movements 4n Individual stocks
v.l:!<h havo h>\i<t<\ out th» aggregate trans
artSons lor suvya! days i)fi£ t. The .dealings
in Aiaalcamatc'd Copper l,«-iLm« norms! aealn
UMSajr U*.4ts price fluctuated narrowly, and
T r.ln-4 States fctcrl referred also fell into a
relatively unimportant position. Both stocks
,h.,?.«l some f1 B ™ ,,f reyjRUnce to the de
< i.nins tendency: which was cuite manifest In
xh* ptnera! market. The taraJsvli of the <1e
iT.and for ttock* was attributed to-day to the
££" Ot J?,£ Qlli Jl t ' ln tb * »•"« cotton upecula
•■■££;„ r £\, confluent financial damasc
i ai-cr profits in or stocks or any
th'nic rf» are taUatdUe. and In. a manner un
< * -.n".* ?* lr JJ 1plE^ oat Invo '«« real losse.
f'-r all that. There Is no mirtaklnc the fact
t 1, t^, .i * f r , - » ra<;uct !n*- in rome cases
t< «he practical wipin»f out of quotable value*.
J.as ~>n«tituted »,n actual dwtructlon of capT:
t«l which would otherwise have »*-e n nva liable
r«r PWteatW employment. Mi.taSe" V£&.
Utkn amount* to .leftruction of capital and
that ..ctcniM of a possible collapse in the cot"
t^n market was a restrictive f» rtor , n t^ ",J5?
Hock maricet. The death of Willam r Whlt
r.ry « a » a rpecial depressing factor In stock:,
of rwTxoratinn* mth « h'ch he had been cloacl-
Idmtlfled. Wlntrj- i«t>p»ritom ,nTr O wfw.
oovenri? tn the PouthweEtern winter £ftelt
holt was a nrratlve influence by discoura»l?ff
huy-inp of the Southwestern Grangers U%1 \
r»«Uctfl that the failures in January were larxrr
than for axjr preMous month since May of
» 13w). except December last past, and this
I caused a bad lmprenslon. Railroad earnings
were nr>t considered satisfactory and the sell
ing of Pennsylvania was continued on account
of its poor December showing. The war out
lock contributed Its share to the day's unset
tlement. although there was nothing decisive
in the day's news. The concurrence of euch
minor ' Influences toward depression had in
j crensed effect by reason of the manifest pass-
I ins ot tlie period of redundancy of money.
; Sub-Treasury requirements and transfers of
i currency to New Orleans have made Inroads
upon the banks' reserves this week, and ln
j terior exchanges are moving against New
York. The intimation from Washington that
I some $30,000,000 of the Panama canal pay
j ment will be withdrawn from deposit with na
tional banks Is of unmistakable authority and
I gives assurance that whatever is done to ar
] range for the payment, nothing will be al
lowed to come as a surprise and unprepared
for by the business world. Borne confidence
Is expressed that the payment can be effected
without any export of gold at all. but the
money market will undoubtedly be more placid
after the operation In concluded.
Bonds were dull and heavy. Total sales, par
value. $2,710,000.
United states -s and old 4s declined % per
cent on. cull.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Articles— Pales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 30.700 70 6SH 6S»H
Atchlson pfd 2.500 &O?i 00 OOXg
Baltimore & Ohio.. 42.5OO fc.J% S2V; 62%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 01
Canadian Pacific... 6.8O0 llS^s 117% 117T*
Central of N J 100 159 15» 159
Cheg & Ohio 500 33 T 6 33% 33*«
Chicago & Alton... 800 3»)^ 36 S6« 4
Chi &• Alton pfd... 8.J4 S3 S3%
Chi & Gt Western. 1.300 1«H« 15% . 16*i
Chi & Gt W B pfd 100 2SVi 2$U 27»i
Chicago & N W .... 1«5
Chi T<?rm & Trans 10
Chi T & T pfd 22V«
C C C & St Louts.. 200 79 77% 77%
Colo Southern 17%
Colo So 1st rfd 200 57 57' 5«%
Colo Po 2d pfd 25Vj
Del & Hudson 1.1O0 167% 16»> 16«*4
Del Lack & West , 269
Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 21^ 21}; 21%
D*n & Rio Gr pfd 71
Erie 8.300 2"H 27 27
Erie 1st pfd 1.700 6rt"<, 65*4 t>5?i
Erie 2d pfd 1.G00 47% 40Vi 46
Gt Northern pfd 170
Hocking Vall»y 75*i
HocklnK Val pfd 83%
lllinoi* Central .... 1.000 1»» 4 128* 12»
Iowa Central 4.500 21 21 20%
Iowa Central pfd 37
IC C Southern ' 1»
K C Southern pfS. 700 37 33*4 25%
Loulsv & Naehv... 1.700 10fl% 105% 105%
Manhattan L 3.CC0 142% 141 "i 142
Met Strtrt Railway 5.700 119% 117% 11S%
Minn A St Loulu 60
MisFourl PaciHe .. O.7OO S«% 92% »2\4
MIf Kans & Texas 500 17 17 1<
M K X: T pfd.'. .:.. 200 3!U4 • S9 S9
N R R of Mex pfd 200 Sfi*. 38 .17%
N Y Centra) 1.100 119% 118% 118%
Norfolk & West... 500 60 K>% 69%
Nor & West pfd • 89
Nof Securities »4%.
Ontario & West... 1.500 27% 22% 22%
Pennsylvania 75.4OU 120 fk 11S% 11S%
PlttKburgCC & StL ™ 61
Reading 10.::O0 45% 44% 44%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 73 79 78
Reading 2d pfd • ..» 69
Rock Island Co.... 4,500 24% 23% 23%
Rork Island. Co pfd , 63
SL4SFM pfd. U00 4fi% AT,% 56%
St Louis South ::0O 14% 14% 14
St .Louis South pfd 600 33 32% 32% i
St Paul 15.C00 143'.; 142U 142%:
St Paul pfd 17S%
Southern Pacific .. 25.200 50 43 49%
Southern Railway, ft.200 22% 21N, 21^
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.200 S3V4 82% S2%
Texa? & Pacific... 1,300 2.">% 25 25
Toledo St L & W. 200 ' 26% 2»5% ' 28%
Tol. St L & W pfd 37
Union Pacific 23.400 SI 80 S0'4
Union Pacific pfd 90%
Wabash 200 20 19% 10%
Wabash pfd 5.300 :',*% 37^, :;$%
Wheel & Luke Erie 200 17% 17^ .17%
Wisconsin Central. 200 1»% 19% 19
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 900 44 43% 43%
Express Companies —
Adams* 220
American li>2
United States 105
"Wells-Fargo ...: 205
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 38.000 49% 4S% 48%
Am Car & F^ 1.CO0 19% 19 19
Am C & F pfd .. 200 CS% 68% 68
Am Linseed Oil 10
Am Lin Oil pfd 27
Am Locomotive ... 2,100 21% 20% 20%
Am Loco pfd 400 79 78% 78%
Am Smelt & Itef.. 1,000 W) 49% 49%
Am Smelt & R pfd 500 O2T4 D1U 61%
Am Sucar Ref ....'10.600 127 125% 124%
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.000 C9% 69% C8%
Brooklyn Rap T .. 34.100 45% 43% 43%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 2TW 31% 31 30%
Colum & H Coal 200 14% M% 14'
Consolidated Gas . 4.900 192 191 191
General Electric .. 300 171 170 170
Inter Paper • 12%
Inter Paper pfd .. 300 r,~ nny t e<Hj
Inter Pump 100 35 .">5 33%
Inter Pump pfd 72
National Biscuit .. 600 40% 40 40%
National Le«d 100 15% 15H 15
North American .. 400 W5% R4V M
Pacific Mall T.00 29% 2S% 28%
People'* Gas l.COO 100% 1CKH4 100%
Preai^d Steel Car 30%
Prp«F»>4 Steel C pfd fis^
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Steel-... 100 71% 71»4 71«
Republic Steel pfd 700 45 41 44
Rubber Ooodj 000 21% 20. 20
PAlbbf! Goode pfd "5
Term Coal & Iron. 500 37K 3«V4 30%
D » LesXhc-r 700 7% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd.. 100 77% 77% 77%
U P Rubber 100 12% 12% 12%
U K Rubber pfd .. 800 50% RO',1 50%
n S Steel 3.400 10% 10% 10%
U S Steel rfd .... 39.600 55% ft4% 54T4
Western Union ... .200 S8'4 . ' 8SV4 SS
Total rale* 440.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. .".. — Bond transactions of
Unite<l Railroads of Pan Francisco: 28,000 at
?7'.l 7.'.. S9.000 nt 57S S7%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— American Can Com
pany: common- BUI. $3 87%; «Fked. ?». Pre
ferred—Bid. $.13 50; asked. $34 W).
NEW YORK BOS'DS.
U S ref 2s reg.lC4%|Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do coupon 104%IMex Cent 4s 09
Do 3s jcg 1W5 Do 1st Inc i 14%
Do coupon 10« Minn & St L 4s. 97'
Do new 4s reg.i:»>/4 M K & Tex 4s.. fis
Do coupon 132^4 Do 2d« 78
Do old 4« rtg..lO7 NR of Mex con 4s 70
Do coupon 107 NYC gen 3%s.. 0-8%
Atch een 4s 100 N J C gen 5s... 131
Do adj 4s K9 'Xor Pac 4s 101U
Atlantic C L 4s. 91>4 Do 3« 77
Bai & Ohio 4s 101=i|Xor & W con 4s. 07%
Do 3%s 94% OSL 4s &. partlc. 1)2%
Central of Oa 7>*.\<w, ip a ecnv S%s 0«%
Do 1st Inc 70 Reading Ken 4s.. »«%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.KO% EL & I M con 5s 113
Ctl & Alton 3',f. 7t5% R L & S F fg 4s, 83%
C. B & Q new 4*. 03% Kt Louis SW lsts. 03%
CM & StPgn 4S.10S Seaboard A L 4s . Cfi^i
C «■ N\V con 7»>..12n% Ro Pacific "4* S9«
C. R I & Pac 4s.-Tl% Ho Railway 5s. ..112%
Do col 5s 8m Tex g. p ac istg.uo^
C.C.C * ELgn As. !»7% T. St L & W 4s. 71 2
Chi Term 4s 79 Union Pac 4s... 103
Cons Tobacco 4s. m% Do conv 4b 97
Colo & So 4s 67 US Steel 2d 6*.. 72
Urn & Ttio G 4*. OS Wabash lsu 115%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 98U Do deb B.. ,64>,i
Do B«-n 4s S«% W ft I., Erie 4s.. 90
F W & D C lsts.105% Win OXnt 4s...... 89%
Uockinff Val 4%s.lO5 C F & I conv 5s. 73%
L & N unified *r. I>S% ™
NEW YOP.K MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 10 Little Chief ..'... 07
Alic* 18 Ontario 4 00
Brceee 10 Ophlr 3 50
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix jj
Com Tunnel .... 07|Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va.. 1 50| Savage 44
Horn Silver 1 lOiSlerra Nev.; co
Iron Silver £ 1 90 Small Hopes 20
LeadvtUe Con ... 02iSUndard 2 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
Boston Stocks and Bonds,
Money-— United Fruit 07
Call loans ...3%<?r4% Westing Com..... 80
Time loans... 4%S5 Mining-
Bonds— Adventure :.. 2Vi
Atchison 4s '.:... 98*4 Allouez 4%
Mex Cent 4s GO Amal Copper .... 4S»i
Railroads — ° Kingham 21%
Atchison .'..,68.- Calumet A; Hecla.4S0
Do pfd ....00 Centennial^.. 1 :.. 15%
Boston & Albany.246 Copper Range ... 43
Boston & Malne.lCe Dom' Coal CO
Boston Elev 140 Franklin .... 8V 4
N Y. N H & H..193 Isle Royale , 8
Fitchburg pfd...:i30 Mohawk .'.....".. 35%
Union Pacific 80 Old Dominion 10
Mex Central 11% Osceola 68
Miscellaneous — Parrot >....% 24
Amer Suga$ 125% Qulncy 83
Do pfd 126 Santa Fe Copper. 1%-
Amer Tel &Tel.,120Vi Tamarack 100
Dom Iron & S.. 8 Trinity 4%
Gen Electric ...170 United States 20'i
Mass Electric... 21% Utah 23%
Do pfd 78 Victoria 3Vt
U 8 Steel 10% j Winona 6
Do pfd 04% 1 Wolverine 72
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. S7% x t Central..... .122%
Do for acct 8S% Norfolk & West.. 62
Anaconda 3% Do pfd .-00.
Atchison 72% Ont & Western., 23%
Do pfd 04 I Pennsylvania C1»J
Bal & Ohio «:>% Rand Mines 0%
Can Pacific 122 Reading 2HV,
Ches & Ohio 35^ Do 1st pfd 40%
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2* pTd 30%
Ch*. Mil & St P.147% So Railway 22%
De Beers 2Qi(, Do pfd.. 86
Den & Rio G 224s So Pacific fj%
Do pfd 74 Union Pacific £tt%
Erie 2SH Do pfd 93%
Do 1st pfd GS% U S Steel 10&i
Do 2d pfd 49 Do pfd «C%
111 Central 134 Wabash : 21
Loui* & Nash.... 109V Do pfd i 40
M. K & Tex 18
Bar silver — Weak 25?4d per ounce.
Money — 2<32U per cent.
• The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 294<$2% per cent artd for three
months' bills 2%<?J2 15-16 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— FLOUR— Reca.pts.
108,973 barrels: exports. 24,874 barrt-ls. Mai ket
firmer and held 10c higher at the mills. Min
nesota patents. $4 50@-4 85; winter straights,
M 35^4 50; Minnesota patents. $4 75^3 .3: win
ter extras. %i 8S®3 CO; Minnesota nakers', $3 00
@4 25; winter low grades. $3 05€3 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 12,672 bUFhela. Spot,
strong. No. 2 red, JKic elevator: No. 2 rfd,
95%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern liuluth.
$1 02*; I. 0. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitr>ba.
nominal f. o. b. afloat. It was a sensationally
strong market In wheat, .new high records tor
several years being reached. Controlling ad
vices were higher cables, war rumors and a
tremendous corn advance. Last prices were
l l *<51fie net higher. May. 05 15-10.f?05He.
rlorol. 9.*iHc: Juiy. K»»;&SS%o. close-1 ?0%c;
September SJ*.tTS3*;e, closeO 83*ic
COFFEE — Spot Rio. nominal; No. 7 Invoice,
8%c asked, mild, steady; Cordova. 7»«<jJ13 5 4c.
Coffee futures opened barely steady at a de
cline of ISS.%0 points, and Bfter a slight re
covery around midday ruled sensationally act
ive and weak. The decline was started by the
weakness of French cablrs and continued Fell
ing by Importers in connection with further
unloading by cotton exchange Interests, who
may have been Influenced by the break in th«
} cotton market and by the repcrt that the hol1
' Inps of the local bull leader In cotton were be
j Ing thrown over. The markPt closed steady,
net fi. r > to 65 points fower. Pales were reported
of G41.75O ha*s. including : February. 7.20©
7.3.V; March. 7<g7.35c; April. 7.45c; May, 7.35c;
June. 7.4567.00c; July, 7.50S?7.!K>c; September.
7.SWVitS.3Oe: October. 7.95@S.30o; November,
S.SOc: December, 8.25*f8.65c: January. S.75c.
Hl'CAR— Raw. Ft?«dy: refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
held at recent prices, but the trade Is slow and
the tone seems rather easy. Common are
quoted at 4fi5e; prime, 5%fl5Vic; choice, 5%®
Oe: fancy. 6Vi4J7c.
PRUNES — Are barely steady here, although
coast advices indicate eligrhtly Improved condi
tions. Spot prices range from 3%c to U%c, ac
cording to Krade.
APRICOTS— Are firm Choice are quoted at
PyWOVic; extra choice, 9?i@10',4c; fancy, - 11
615c.
PEACHES — Remain steady to firm, with
choice nuoted at 7Vi©79ic; extra choice.. 7?4c;
fancy. 9®10c.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3. — Cotton futures opened
very easy, showing very irregular conditions.
The old" Crop months were t! points higher to 2
points lower, while the new crop positions were
T. to 15 points lower. At first trading was -
quiet; soon after tho local opening Liverpool
began to break 4 points at a clip. This precipi
tated another wild ra*h for selling and soon
values were being driven down at a rate al
most equal to that of yesterday. From lti.25c
In the call March sold down to 15.C5c. May
was depressed from lO.COc to 15.50c and July
16.<J5c to 16.00c. a decline of about <>0 to 00
points and a net loss of from 40 to 57 points
on the positions named, which.' added to the
decline of yesterday, made a net loss of IV4C
a pound in about four hcuni cf actual trading.
Generally speaking, however, the market
fhowed a heavy tendency In the afternoon and
the close was steady, with the net loss re
duced to a matter of 5ffi.'i2 pointB. Sales were ;
estimated at 7o0,0CO bales. ;
Nnu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3.— Tin was Irregular In
London, w ! ith spot fis higher at £126 2s Cd.
anJ futures 2« M lower at £12«. Locally tin
declined about 10 oolnts. closing at $27 50
4f2S
Copper declined 7s Cd to £56 5s for spot and
£53 17s 6d for futures In the London market.
Locally coDDer also was lower, with demand
light. Lake/ $12 3T%©12 $. 1 i\i*J e £H? l J5J?
$12 25^12 50, and casting at $12 22%012 3i%.
Lead was steady but quirt at $4 45@4 50.
The London market was 2s Cd lower, at
£11 2s Cd. '
Spelter was unchanged here at $4 00<SJ5. In
London It declined 2s to £21 15s.
Iron closed at f>rs Id In Glasgow and 42s Cd
In Midalesboro. Locally Iron was unchanged.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, $15®1C; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern. $14t»15: No. I foundry. South
ern, and No. 1 foundry, Southern, $13 75©
14 25. •
New York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. Feb. 3. — Buying has not been
as liberal as during the last few days In the
drygoods market, owlnc to the uncertain con
ditions of the raw cotton market. While sell
ers enow no disposition to weaken from their
former position, yet the utmost conservatism
Ik shown by both buyer and seller, and there
terras to be no indication as to what the
future may have In store.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 3.— Cash No. 2 red wheat
sold on the Board of Trade to-day at $1 a
bushel, two carloads changing hands at that
price.. The wheat was bought by millers.
Wheat has not sold so .high In this market,
cither for *pot or future delivery, since June.
1898 In which month the Letter deal cul
minated. The high prices being paid at Chl»
cago arc the direct result of the big deal In
May wheat bring engineered by Armour, liny
wheat sold to-day at the top price for the
season at 04^, a gain of 2^32 >/4c ov«r
yesterday's ciose. The advance was accom
panied by active covering of shorts and much
speculative excitement. Prices for corn, oats
and provisions were also doing some lofty
climbing. May corn was up 3',Ae to 55c; May
oats sold to 1614c a gain of lUc to l%c. and
May Pork to *13 70, a Rain of 25c per barrel.
The display of bullishness was paid to be
largely the result of buying by speculators,
who have made big profits In cotton and have
now transferred their dealings to the grain
and provision markets.
Wheat gathered fresh impetus during tha
nljtht from foreign news Indicating that war
between Russia and Japan now seemed In
evitable Great activity was manifested In
the pit at the atart and prices were on a
higher plane. May was Vi@%c to *g@V4c
higher at 92c to U2&c. while July was up V»c
to %c at 8314c to 83%e. There was a good
general demand for both deliveries and com
mission houses were unusually active on the
bidding side. Shorts were also liberal buyers,
and it was claimed that half a million' bushcU
were taken by the long interests. Offerings
were comparatively light. ' and with auch an
urgent demand the price of May rose rapidly
to 93c. At that figure a lot of long wheat
came 'out mainly from scalpers, and before
th* end of the. first half hour May had reacted
to fl2?4c. Only a. very small demand, however,
was necessary to again start prices on their
upward march. At the end of the first hour"
May had recovered all the early losses and
had advanced still -further to 83 Kc. .Shorts
continued to buy freely and purchases by
commission - houses were a feature. Step by
step the price forged ahead.. Late In the
day. May showed a gain of 2%@2>4c over
yesterday's *nal figures and sold at 04 %c. -a
high record mark for . the crop. July also
maintained its winning gait and advanced to
S5©S5%c a gain of 1%@1%c over last night.
There was considerable profit-taking during the
last half hour and , In consequence the market
suffered some' reaction. The close, however,
was strong at 03%(g93%c, a net gain for the
day of an even 2c; July closed at Sl%c. an
advance of l%c.
The corn pit was the scene of a repetition
of yesterday's enormous trading. The volume
of business. In fact; was so large that the
market was extremely hard to follow. One
of the most striking features was the heavy
buying of May corn by the prominent operator
who is said to be practically in control of May
wheat. 'The increased speculative demand was
another noticeable feature. Wall -street traders
were said to be investing heavily in corn. At
times the market took precedence over wheat,
and larger gains were made in this pit than
In either of the other cereals. May corn at
one time showing" an advance of 3%o over last
night's close. The opening was strong Influ
enced to some extent by higher cables. May
being up Ue to %c at 52V6c to' 52$fcc. Some
of the hvrge bull houses Bold -moderately early
In the day. but the offerings ■ were ■ eagerly
taken by shorts and prices held firm. Toward
the latter- part of the day the interests that
had sold jarly. turned active buyers and the
•demand was so persistent that prices rose
rapldjy. Within the last few moments of
trading May sold at Ooc. a gain of 3%c over
last night's close. 1 Final figures were at 54%
053c. ■ ■ ' '■■• ' ■•-#•■
The oat market lost somo.of its independent
strength to-day, but the situation still' re
mained bullish In sympathy with other grains.
There was selling credited to the principal
holder ■ but the commission-house trade, was'
: better' than, for . some time past. Small re
i celpta and a good shipping demand were minor
factors in' supporting prices. -May opened a
•hade lower to a shade higher at 44%c to 45/:.
The early ' trade was moderate and without
conspicuous featur<». shorts - being the best
buyers and • the demand being - supplied by
profit-taking local Jongs. With the sharp ad
vancer in wheat and corn, trading in oat3 be
came ■ moro .active and prices, rose steadily,
M^y selling up to 46V4o late In the day.
'.Hre cloao was strong, with May 1 He higher,
at 45%c.
Provision rrlccs moved un sharply on a big
trade. •' There was heavy liquidation by those
houres which have been ..successful on
the bull side Of late, but there was enough
! new buying to take all the offerings. The ad-
I vanee was accelerated by heavy covering by
; shorts. Including some of the. nackprs. The
1 best demnnd was for DOrk, and that product
\ led tho Hst In the advance. May pork closed
I 20c hither. . lard Was MB 7\4@10c, while rib*
closed with a pain of rV37V.c.
The loading futures ranged os follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— •
iMarw... 02i/«. f»»tt 02 03";
July' 83% S5W 83% 84%
September 70% SOVi 79 80-
Corn No. 2 —
February ...... RO Bl% . 5O m%
May 52% 55 62% 65
! July 49% 50% 4S% 60%
| Oats No. 2—
I February 42% «H 41% 42%
May....: 45 46^ 44% 45%
July ....- 3HH . 30*4 30 30%
September 33% 33% 33% 33 %
Mess 'Pork, per Bbl —
May 13 47% 13 70 13 47% 13 6R ,
Lard. p«r 100 lbs— '_ • '.
May 7 S.'i 7 f.5' 7 65 7 60
; July ,.7 02% 7 67% 7 60 7 65
i Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
! May C SO « S7% fl SO fl S2%
July 6 07% 700 6 80 6 95
Cash Grain and Provisions.
\ .
CHICAGO, Feb. S. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 3 wheat. SOSJOle;
No. 2 red. 91c(J?$l; No. 2 corn, 51c; No. 2 yel
low, 51c; No. 2 oats. 42%@»3»ic; No. 3 white.
43U(ffW%c: No. 2 rye. Hl<SC2c; good feeding
barley, &>$41c: fair to choice malting, 4C©57c;
No 1 flaxseed. $111: No. 1 Northwestern.
91 IN: prime timothy seed. $3 05; mess pork.
1-er barrel, $13 50® 13 62%; lard, per 100 pounds.
' $7.17V><37 40; short ring sides (loose). SB U2%ffj>
C87% r short clear sides tboxpd). $fi87%@7;
I whisky, basis high wines, $127; clover, con-
I trpct grade. $10 75011.
1 Articles Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels B1.40O 27.fiOO
, Wheat, bushels 74.400 45>2O °.
I Corn bushels 417.200 291.000
1 Oat" bushels 20R.80O 20S.100
Rye. bushels 7.800 15.200
Barley, bushels 202,300 16,200
! Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. .". — On the Produce Ex
change Jo-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries. 13©2S%C: dairies, 13<< : <Fr2Oc. Epgs.
firm at mark, cases Included, 27@29c. Cheese.
j steady. IO01OHC
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feh. 3. — CATTLE— Receipts. 9X0.
Steady to 10c higher. Good to prime steers,
$4 70^5 50; poor to medium. $4@4 70; stockers
1 and feeders, $2 25@4; cows. $L25©4: heifers,
#2(?i4 50- cnnr.ers. $150*52 40; bulls. $2©'4;
ralves. S3 50<t?7 Z<0.
HOGS — Receipts: Ttj-Tlajr. 22.0C0; to-morrow.
30.CCO. 10215c higher. Mixed end butcher*,
*+ we5 0."; good to choice heavy. $4 OJifiO 15;
rcugh heavy. $* W«* 03 : »eht, $4 3o@J 80;
bulk of rales, $4 85g5.
SHEEP— Hecelpts. 15.000. Sheep, steady;
lambc. strong. Good to choice wethers. $4#
4 CO; fair to choice mlxexl. J-J75G4; Western
sheen. *4©5I3l native lambs, ?4<gr> !•<•; West
ern iambs, $5@5 75.
3Iiscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — » March. May.
Opening .' « 4% f. 2%
Closing « 4Vi « 3H
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 21 05 21 15
Closing 20 05 2115
Flour — 1
Opening 20 10 2S 70
Closing 2» 03 28 70
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 3.— WOOL— Nominal. We.
i dl'im grades, comblr.g and clothing. 17&2lc;
I light tine, 15®17WsC; heavy fine. 12@15lic; tub
washed, 20@30%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Feb. 3.— Wheat— WallaJ Walla,
74c: blucstem, 80c: valley. 70c.
The steamship Indrasahma cleared from thu
port to-day for Hongkong and way ports with
2CS.3:30 bu*helB of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 3.— Wheat— Steady. Blue
stem, 70c; club. 75c.
Northern Business.
<■ .
SEATTLE, Feb. 3.— Clearing. $5C9.192; bal
""ta'cOMa', Ffb. 3.— Clearings. $310,123; bal
an po M RTLAND. Feb. 3.— Clearings, $528,779:
b *SP0KANE.' Feb. 3.— Clearings, $370,779;
balances. $21,439.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange was a traction higher.
Silver declined %c. -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — ?4 83%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 80%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87 Mi
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — .15
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 ® 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed no
changes worthy of note. Chicago continued
very active nnd unsettled, rising from 01*&c to
02c and .'ruling back to 9414c. ,. •
There was no change whatever in this mar
ket.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 S7»,4S1 4214; California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club.
$1 3S%®1 41%; Northern Blucstem, $1 47%®
1 CO: Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 3 to 11:30 a. m. .V,,
Open. High' Low. Close.
May ...*1 37% $1 37» H 37% $1 371*
2 p. ro. Secslon.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ....$1 37& $1 37% 51 87*4 $1 .STft
BARLEY — It Is the same old story, day after
day Hie market being dull. Quotations remain
unchnng(-d. , - , : :<-i ■.. ' :•'■
CASH BARLEY. vli. ;.
Feed! $1 10®l 12%: Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 1G@1 17%: Chevalier. $1 17&@1 40 for
falrtocho.ee. FUTUREs : v V. .,
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close, i
May ..I *1 0«H %lM*Vi fl 0T $1 07%
December ... 1 04% 1 04% 1 04% 1 01%
2 p. m. Session. - .
Open. '.-. High. Low.- Close.
May/. $1 07% |1 08% |1 07% $1 08%
December ... 1 05% 1 05%' .1 05% .. 1 05%
OATS — Conditions remain precisely as before,
with the- exception that good white are quoted
sllghvly higher. There are not many on the
market, and 'n fact offerings of all descriptions
are moderate. ■ • .
White, fl 20@l 37%; Black. $1 25@t 65; Red,
$1 20gl 32% for feed and $1 25@1 33 for seed;
Grays $132% per ctl. - ."..
CORN— Arrival of 2400 ctls from the West.
There is hardly any California Corn coming In.
The market rules firm at the recent advance.
Western sac%ed, $1 30@l 35 for Yellow. $1 30
Cl 32% for White and $1 30@l 32% for Mtxed:
California large Yellow. $1 35^1 37%: small
round do, $1 40^1 50: White. $1 25@1 30 -per
ctl: Egyptian. $1 45® 1 55 for white and $1 25
for brown.
RYE— Firm at $1 3001 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7502 per ctl..
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family "Extras. $4 60®
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 6o;
Oregon and Washington, $3 0C^4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are ' as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 Iba;
Rye Flour, $3 25- Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
(7- Corn Meal t'i 25; extra, cream do, (4; Oat
I Groats $4 00; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buckwheat
Flour '%i 50@4 75; Crack»d Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina '$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats' bbls. $7 25@S 60; In sacks. . $0 75@S 10:
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Grten
Peas. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Hay. and Feed stuffs.
Bran and Middlings continue very scarce and
firm. The Oregon steamer Is due to-day with
some 60CU cr 7000 sacks, but it is reported that
mo5t of- the line has already been sold, so there
will not be much to place upon the market.
Hay continues firm at high . prices. The
circular of Somers A Co. says:
"Shipments of Hay have been quite heavy
during the past week, the total amounting to
3500 tons, tn comparison with £J)0O tons for the
week preceding. Neither the weather condi
tions nor stocks of Hay In the country have
warranted such free shipments, but they have |
been ordered ip simply to supply the demand, t
About 100 tons are dally taken from the mar-.]
ket to be baled up for Government purposes
and It Is expected that the entire shipment of
3750 tons will be made toward tho end of the
month. Aside from the matter of weather we
belteve the condition of the Hay market to
be rather critical, for with the heavy drains
on country stocks It becins to look as though
we would not have enough to last "us through.
Southern California has been calling on us
for a little Hay, with the probability of want
ing more right alonsr, and now Oreson and
Washington want to know what wo can do for
them. To the south of us large quantities of
Hay are' now beinc consumed because of the
drought, .and the entire State Is In rather- bad
shape. •
"Owing to the strong demand, both In the;
country and In tho city, prices have advanced .
somewhat and will continue go to> do until we
have rain. A good storm would probably have
the effect of preventing a still further advance
for th# next month or two. Although to a very I
great extent the Hay market Is not • weather :
market, being controlled almost entirely by the
ras> ft '- of supply and demand. Some grades
have advanced f.Oc per ton. while others are
fully $1 per ten hlgcher."
i BRAN— $21«22 p«r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 5Cs??2ft per ton.
SHORTS— $211^22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Darley. $23 50<f?24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50«31;
Jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake. $2l©22: Corn
Meal • $28 50^29 50; Cracked Corn. $20#ri0;
Mixed Feed $21 50«J22 50; Home Beans. $30$
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $l.'«xlS; Wheat and Oat. $14®
17- Oat. $14S17: Wild Oat. $14S?«: Barley,
Slifill 50; Stock-, nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$12r<il3 r.0 per ton.
STRAW — 50®73c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Mo?t descriptions under this head "remain as
previously Tjuoted and conditions show no
Ch BEA*NS— Bayos. $2 3r.«J2 SO: Pea, $3; But
ter* $3 60: small White. $2 00©3; Urge White.
$2 20(32 60: Pink. $2 .<5@3; Red. $4 25ft4 50;
Lima $U 2503 80; Red Kidneys, $4 25fM 50;
IllitckVye. $2 15®2 26 per ctl: Horse Beans,
"SEEDS— Brown Mu3tard\ $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard $2 C5©» SO: Flax. $1 Wlffil !)O: Canary,
5(QTii'iC for Enstern: Alfalfa. 14@14 ! :-;c: Rape,
liiiSSC- Timothy. C@R%c: Hfmp. 3>4«3Hc per
! lb: Millet. 3ig i 3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20321
Pe DKlED PEAS— Blackeye, $2 25(82 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market had a steadier tone and
buyers who had been holding off for some days
i In anticipation of low'r prices were obliged f
to pay full figures. The demand showed no }
great Improvement, but available supplies v.ere •
controlled by a few dealers and there was no j
competition or cutting of prices, hence the
firmer fcellnn. Swctts were inclined toeasl-l
nea* and a carload of fresh stock was offeretl j
at a decline. Onions ruled firm under llmltfd
supplies and two freshly arrived carloads of
Oregon stock wcrt firmly held at the maximum
quotation. |
Small quantities of new Potatoes were re
ceived from several places In Alameda County
1 and fales were reported at »®4e per pound.
! Receipts of southern vegetables were l!«rht <ind |
choice lots were reed.ilyr iilsposed of at wel'-sus- j
r talncd prices. Rhubarb was more plentitul and
' lower and a box of Asparagus from the Sacrn
i mento River was sold at 40c per pound. Mush- |
j rcoms were very scarce and readily commanded i
I hljrfwr rales. . •
POTATOES — Rurbanks from the river, 80c3
$1 i>lr ctl; Salinas Uurbsnks. $1 40£l GO per
ctl; Oreson Burbanks. $1 10J11 35 per ctl:
Kiver Reds. 00<&75c per ctl; Garnet Chiles. 9Oc
«i$l per -ctl: Harly R$se, 90c@$l per ctl;
Swcf t Potatoes. $2 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow. $1 «0gl 75 per ctl; Green
Onions. SI©75p per bos. . ,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5^7c per lb;
String Beans. 17%c per lb: Wax, SS12%c; I
Tomatoes liom Los Angeles. $1@1 60 per box
or chite: Rhubarb. 7<j«c per lb; Summer
Squash from L03 Angeles, ¥lftl 50 per box.
Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c©$l per dozen tor
small and $1 30$ 2 for large; Garlic. 5
©t)c per lb: / Egg Plant. per
lb; Pried Peppera. fifoSc per lb for Stock
ton aad 10&12Vic for southern: Dried Okra,
12Uc per lb: Green Peppers, 8<Jl2%c per lb:
Mushrooms. 40tfi75c per lb: Marrowfat and
Hubb-!rd Squash. $1(^15 per ton for round
tots and k&ftc per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
There was no Western Poultry offering and
the market for local stock had a better tone in
consequence. The demand, however, was noth
ing fextra and prices of all descriptions were
unchanged. Fin«- young fowl sold off fairly,
whllft old Hens and Roosters, which constituted
the bulk of the supplies, were Inclined to drag
Two cars of Western fall due to-day. A few
cases of- dressed Turkeys came in and sold at
slightly firmer rates. • . •
Game arrivals were liberal and included only
a small quantity of wild Ducks and they sold
readily at previous prices, while all other kinds
dragged. . .
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. lS@21c per lb;
live TurUtys. 15tfl7c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2#2 25: Goslings, $202 25; Ducks. $3 5000
per dozen for old and $(tfj7 for young: Hens.
$5 r>G@t> for large and $1 50®5 50 for email:
young Roosters. $Wa'7; old Roosters. $5@
5 B0: Frjers, $5 ."0@i;-, Broilers, $4 50<85 for
large and $3 G0(tf4 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25(31 . r i0 per dozen for old and $2 23@2 50
for Squ.ib*.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3^4 wr dozen;
Canvas-back, S3<ffil 50: Sprijr. $1 50#2: Teal.
J12.T41 50; Widgeon. $1 25(S1 60: small Ducks.
76eft$l; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. 75e®
$1 8»: Brant $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, $4 50 for large nnd $3 CO for small:
English Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50: Wild
Doves. $1: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush: Hare. $1 25®1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is no change In Butter or Cheese. Tho
former is fairly steady, though some houses
are beginning: to repcrt an easier feeling. The
Cheese market is still overstocxed and dull.
The .situation In E&gs at tho moment Is this:
The demand for shipment Is still brisk and the
shippers will pay 2T>@2<io for anything fresh,
but will not touch the very finest ranch at even
%C over the latter figure. The result Is that,
the 27c E«gs are given the go-by and those'
under 27c are kept cleaned up. Receipts con
tinue to increase, as will be seen, though yes
terday they were slightly below those of the
preceding day. The general market Is firm,
but the trade are looking for a decline any
day now, as the production always Increases
at this time of the year.
Receipts were 31.600 lbn Butter. 103T. cases
Egps end fllGO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 23c for firsts. ."M{Mte
for extras and 26@2Sc for seconds: dairy, lsfi
22c; Ktore Butter, nominal; cold storage. 22Q
24c for extras. 19020c for seconds and 1C@18?
for ladle-packed. '
' CHEESE— 10%«m%c for good to choice new
and OffilOo for lower grades: Young Amer
icas. Ilifll2c: Eastern, I."® 10c: Western. 148
15.' per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 2fi{*27c for choice to fancy
and 25o for small and mixed colors; store,
25$2Cc; cold storage, 16610c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The cool, cloudy weather continued to operate
against the sale of . Oransea and the local de
mand was confined chiefly to the large sizes of
Navels, CCs having the most call, and such
offerings were firmly held at a premium. Small
and medium sized fruit was neglected and could
net be mcved, even at liberal .. concessions.
Business In . the auction rooms reflected the
conditions that prevailed in -the open market.
Four car« of ordinary fruit nnd one of extra
fancy Redlands were sold. The extra fancy
sold from $1 45 to $1 00. with 20 boxes of ft6s
selling at $2 50. Ordinary fancy sold at $1 20W
1 63. choice at flftl CO and standard at 75cG
$120. Grape Fruit was . a little firmer' and
occasional sales of -large slieii were reported at
$3 per box. Lemons. . Limes and Tangerines
were unchanged. Hawaiian Pineapples, ex
steamer, were offering and fine large stock
rtadily commanded full figures. Bananas ,. were
In ample supply, and unchanged.
Strictly fancy Apple* were scarce and firmly
held nt steady, rates. . while cheapnnd medium
' priced stock was' njentirul-and rather -dull at
previous : prlcis. : . ' . - • .
APPLES— $1 ,7B@2 per box* for extra
fancy; $1 25<ai 60 for ordinary fancy. 85c@$l
for choice and JiO(S75c for common..
PF.ARS- Winter i Nellla from cold storage,
$1 7r>*?2 per box. ,
i C1TBU2 ' FRUITS— Navel Orar.ces. $1 50S2 ■
per box for fancy, $1 23©1 75 for cbolce and 1
50r<gJi for standard*: 8eedllngs. .60c«$l: ,
Tangerines. 75cfe$l 30 per box; Lemons. $1 75
62 .V for fancy. $1 -25© 1 50 for choice and
75c<g$l for standard: Grape Fruit. $1 50*22 50:
Me-xiean Limes $4©4 50; Bananas. $lff2 per
bunch for Hawaiian and *2«2 50 for Central
American; Pineapples. $1 50@2 50 per dozen for
Central American and $3g5 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits } Nuts',Raisins J Honey.
■ %
FRUIT— Aoricots. 7V«9%e for Royals and »
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©
5%c: sup-drl»d. 3<84c: Peaches, 40«%c; Pears,
eeiOc; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Jigs, white. 4(6 *•* c
In boxes; black, 4%c; 1'lv s. pitted, 6g9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1803 crop. 2H02fco for th« four
sizes.
RAISINS — The. Association announces the
following n*w prices for 1904: Standard grades.
50-lb casec— 2-crown Loose Muscatels, 5}«c per
lb; 3-crown. 0%c; 4-crowa. «%e; 8eedle«» Loose
Muscatels, 4V«c: Seedless floated, 4%c: 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%C; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. B%e. Layers, per.20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial ulusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2: 3-crown London Layers. $1 35: 2-crown
London Layers, $1 23, usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy ltf-oz
cartons, p«r lb. 7%c; fancy 12-o» cartons, per
package. fl%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. <%c;
choice 16-os cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-oa
cartons, per package, tfUc; choice bulk car
tons, per lb. I He; 10-OZ cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-o» cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 5%c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6%e.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. l.«H«14c:
No. 2, 11%iB12c: No. 1 hardshell. 1M1.U,o:
No. 2 ll@ll%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
10%c for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern;
Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 5QH5; chest
nuts. 5<&7c rcr lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10<911%o for white and SU«
d%c for amber: .water white extracted. 51J
5Vic: light tnbtr extracted. 4%94%c: dark.
3% 64c.
. BEESWAX— 27@»c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene Is %c fclgher. Otherwls« there Is
no particular change, either here or In the
West. The Chlcfcto mark«t was firmer again
yesterday.
CURbl) MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy ll%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eamrn sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hamn. 12%$K$c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $12@12 50; Family. $13; prlm«
Mesa Pork. $10; extra clear, $24; Mesa. $1S:
Dry Salted Pork, lie: Pig Pork. $27; Plg»*
Feet, $5 25: Smoked Beef. J5c per lb.
LARD — Ticr«s quoted it 7c Her lb for
compound and OVie for pure; half-barrels, pur«,
OV-c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb tins.
10 He.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, »Hc: three ;
half barrels. »c; one tierce, 8%c: two tierce*.
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The trade yesterday quoted a quieter feeling
In Heps, saying that the brewers here ar« well
stftcked up while in the Eaat the extremely
coid wather Is restricting the brewing demand.
TViey furthermore say that business In 1903
Hops Is practically over for the season, as there
are hardly any left.
A local house says of Wool: "The Wool
warehouses are being rapidly cleaned out of
stock and It looks as If there would be no oM ■
or 100a Wool orrhand by March 1. The outlook ,
Is not at all encouraging for California grow- j
ers for the present year, as down the coast the
stock men are very much worried by lack of ]
rain and feed, and reports of serious losses (
among cattleman are coming to hand. Sheep
have" not suffered so much, but necessarily there
will be losses among Sheep soon unless lat«
rains help things out. The Sacramento Valley
haa had sufficient rains to make rrass and
crops and no doubt many of the middle coun
ties and most of the southern counties will be
soon seeking new pastures north, as soon after
lambing and shearing as they can make a start.
If tho Government would open Us reservations
lor the summer it would rave millions of dol
lars to the stockmen and would entail no hard
ship on the Government for a season."
. HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 'I'filc under quotations. H- avy Salted
Steers, »e: medium. 8c: light. 7%c: Cow Hides.
"Vje fcr heavy and 7%c for JV'.t; Stags. 5c;
Salted Ktf>, fte: Salted Vtti "«,«.-: Salted Calf.
lo%c; dry Hides. 15@16c; <i».- Kip. 13c; dry
Calf l£c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25930c each;
short Wool, 40tfj65c each: tr«dlum 70©90c: long
Wool. fl©l 20; Horse Hides, salt. .$2 75 for
Urge and $232 CO for medium, $1 23&1 75 for
small and GCc fur Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for lance and $1 50 Tor medium. $1-81 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 23c: 'lry
Central American. 31c. Goat Pkins — Prime An
gora* 7.1c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 2Cc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ib; No.
2 3i«.r: grease. 2%CJ3o.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. B©
lie: Middle County.' 11012c: Northern !>•
1 fectiv. f»*iflCi-: Nevada. 13613c: Oregon, fine.
' lStfilOe: Oreeon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 25iR30e per lb for California. 1903.
and 17<&2Cc for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
The only change yesterday was an advance
in Spring Lambs. There are very few coming \
in. Some dealers were disposes to quote easier
prices for Ewes and Yearling Lambs, but the
majority adhered to previous quotations. Beef
and Pirk remained steady. 1
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers '
are as follows: I
BEEF — (>%6~%c for Steers and 6®6%c per 1
lb for Cows. *
VEAL— Large. s£Oc; small. 9©10c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8%<810c; 3wes, l)©8%e
>cr 11.
LAMB — Yearlings. 10%@llc per lb; Spring.
: i5filte.
PORK — DrHjs^d Ho«. 7fi8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The f ollow.ng quotations are for good, sound,
Livestock, delivered in ban Francisco. less 50
per Cent shrinkage for Cattle: |
CATTLE — Steers. 8Q0c; Cows and Heifers, ;
7&Sc: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — 4(J|4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%$5c: Ewes. 4',«'a»"4c
per lb tercss weight).
, LAMBS— 5®5%c per lb.
> HOGS — Llvo Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. 5%©5%c;
over ISO lbs, 5c; soft Hogs. 4%c; Sows. 20 per
cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 I
per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%{?3%c: San Quentin,
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32JJ35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
Sc. j
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; New Wei- !
llngton. $S: Seattle. $C 50: Bryant. $«-50: Bea- 1
ver Hill. $C: Standard, $7: Roslyn. $7; ;
Coos Bay. $5" 50; Greta. $7: Walisend. $7: Rich- ,
mond. $7 50: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and'
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg?. ;
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. 913; Welsh Lump, 1
511 50; Cannel, $S CO per ton: Coke. $11 50®
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky ;
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and 1
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases. J
add 5c; Linseed. 41>c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70e: j
Bakers' AA. $1 10© I 12: Lueol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw. China Nut. 60«70c per gallon; I
Cocoanut Oil. In barrel* 5Sc for Ceylon and IA~.
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SUc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c: natural Whale
011 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. iftlc:
No 1 Lard OH, 7Sc: pure Nentsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Nentsfoot Oil. 05c: ltpht Herrin* Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. We: Salmon Oil. 38c: boiled
FJoh Oil. 40c: ra^w Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oi!, 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Pearl OH In cases. 21%c; Astral,
21%c: Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25%e; Elaine.
27%c: Eocene, 24K«c; Denrtorlxed Stove Gaso
line, la bulk. 17c: In rases. 23Ue: Benzine. In
bulk 13c: in cases. 19%c: SB-degree Gasoline.
In bulk. 25c: In eases. 31c.
TXTRPENTINE — 8Se per ration In cases and
S2i In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%^
7c per lb: White Lead. fi%©Tc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Wertern Surar Refining Com
pany quotas as follows, per lb. In 10O-U> bass:
Cubes. A Crushed nnd Fine Crushed. 5.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.30c: Drr Granulated, coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulat
ed ftOfl-lb bass onlvV 5.1flc: Confectioners' a. '
530c: Magnolia A. 4.00CS Extra C. 4.80c: Golden
C 4.70c: "D." 4,nOc: barrels. lOo mor-; half
barrels. 2."c mo»-e: boxes. ROe more: 50-ih ban.
IOC moA for nil klnrt«. Tablets — Half barrels.
r».ROc; boxea. C.fT«; H. * K. Crystal Domlnoa.
S.MOc per 1*. No order* taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Us equivalent.
1 • .-. ■ Receipts of Produce.
FOll WEDNESnW. FEBRUARY 3.
Flour qr sks .. 18.R<*.t]Fe*d." sks ..... 00
Wheat, ctls ' 3°« Mfalfa seed sks . ?0O !
Parley, ctls .... l.W" """allow, ctla ... 2»S
Oftts " rtl« 1 - WM> p "lts. No CfiO
Corn' West. Ctls 2.400 Hide*. No 2.P0TI 1
Bean's, sks 1.43» Sugar, ctls 3,500 I
Potatoes, ska .. 3.6^ Qulrksllver flits 425
Onions sks ... 325 r^nther. rolls.. . M
Pran. eks 1,107 Wine- g«U ...43.ROO
Middlings, sks.. 2^0 Ralnlni* hxs ... 500.
Hay. tons 700 T,itn<\. bbls .... 317.
Straw, tons ... 3 °«*>«t. reams .. T58 1
OREGON.
Oats, ctls^ «00|
., STOCK MARKET.
All Securities Still Quiet and
Featureless.
Dullness still rules on the different ex
change^ with pries variations narrow and
few..' On the Stock and Bond Exchange yes
terday Gas and Electric was lower at 157 259
57 and Giant 'Powder declined to 960 25. There
was & sale of Fireman's Fund Insurance at
$340. Among the unlisted securities $16,000
United Railroads 4s sold at $S0 30. There was
nothing new In oil or mining stocks.
Ex-divldend yeaterday: Edison Light and
Power Company «s. 1821. regular quarterly,
amounting to $9345.
The California-street CabU Railroad Com
pany will pax a regular monthly dividend of
73c per share February 10.
The gross earnings of the California an<1
Northwestern road for December Increased
$11.05A and net Increased $12.851.. Gross earn
ings for nix. months to Decemtxr 31. 1*03. la
creased $45,604 and net decreased $2S,054.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 3—2 p. &
UNITED STATES BONDS.
« Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup}.. 107 % 108 4a qr cp nawl32«4i:»
4s qr reg ... — 107% 3s qi coup ..106%l07%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU A TV 6«. — — O T Co 6S.11S —
D C P Co 6».102H — Do 5a 1«» —
C CGAE 5s.l03%105 Do con 3a. 102 —
C G A E g Oceanic S t>a. — 7S
m £ ct 3s. — 104 Om Cabl« €*. — 125
Cal-st 5s 114 — Pac G Im 4*. — 08
C C W 5s.. — 104 P E Ry 9».106«s —
CLAP 6a.l25 131 PACK 6n.lO3 —
T & C H fla. — 120 P A O R te.ll« —
Geary-st 5s. 43% 90 Powell-at «a.H2?l —
H C ft S3%slO4 • — SB GAtl 5s.. — 100%
Do 5s OSHIOO SF A SJV5a.USU —
Kon R T 6«.1C« — .Sierra R «a. — .113%
L A Klec 5». — — 3 P nt A 63
LA Ry 3>..m%115 «1»W) 105*i —
L A L Co 6a. — - — «1910) 106% —
Do gtd , 6a. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (10<W)3r A.1O4'41M%
LAP lem 68.102% — (190B)Sr B.1C3 106
Mkt-st C fls.116% — dO.ir.> ....lOfiH — {
Do lem 5s. 113 — (1012) ... r — 110
N R of C 6».10« — SPC t eg 5i — —
Do 5jl 118 — Do stmpd.— 110"
N P C R 5a. — 105% S P B R 6S.134 — .
N C R 5».. — 114 S V W 6a.lO6%lO7>i
N O* P C 3s. 90 100 Do 4s 2dm. SW% —
N S R R .'.*. 99% — Do 4s 3dm.O9 —
O G lAfl Cs.lCS — Stkn O&E 6« — 102
O W gtd 3s — J» U O t E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 41 I Port Costa.. — —
i Martn Co... — 65 is V IV Co. 38% 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
1 Cent LAP. 3% — IS F O A E. 56V* 57%
L Mutual EL.10 12% Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L. Co. . 57 33 U Q A E. — 39
Sac E O A R — — •
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F G A E. — — I
1NOTRANCE.
Firem's Fnd — 343 I ■ ,
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 123 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 80% 62 Mer Trust... — 250
Bank of Cal. — 445 Merch Ex... — • —
Cal Safe Dp. — 148 S F Nationl. — —
Fl<pt Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS. *•
Ger SAL.— 23C0 Sav A L So. — 10O
Hum S & «.. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Unlo« T Co. — —
S T Sav U.«2O 6S0 • r
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..107%2C5 1 presidio ....— 42t,
: Geary 1 — 80 !
i * POWDER.
Giant 60% 62 | Vlgortt 3'i —
SUGAR.
Hans *f» Co. — — . Kllauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44 Vi — Makawell C. — 23
j Honokaa S C 12 12% Onomea S C 22% 30
1 Hutch SPC 8 S% Paauhau S C — 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
1 Alaska P A.14O — !Oceantc S C. 41, 5%
[Calf C A. »9 97% i Pac Aux FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. — 93 . 1 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association. . .140 00
5 Giant Powder Con 60 SO
10 Giant Powder Con 60 25
1O Giant Powder Con HOOft
5 S F Gas A Electric 57 25
23 S F Gas A Electric 57 CO '
100 S F Gas & EVctrle. s 90 67 CO
$200 U S3 per cent (coupon) 10* 75
$2,000 IT 8 3 per cent (coupon) 107 Or)
$18.C0<> Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent.... 103 50.
$20,0CO S P Branch Ry « per cent 134 50
Street —
10O Fireman's Fund Insurance... .340 00
$10,000 8prtng Val 4s <2d mtge) 88 73
Afternoon Session.
Street—
5 Giant Powder Con % CO 23
60 Oceanic 8 S Co 5 Od
California Stock andOUExchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ....
Apollo ■- 45 ....
1 Associated Trust Certificates. IS ....
! Aztec !.. SO
California Standard 12
Caribou 1 «O 2 00
Central Point Con 65
Chicago Crude ....
Claremont • 43 30
Eiperanza 1 43
Four ■ 72
Fulton 4 00
Giant 23
Hanford ..i t*5 00
Home 1 12% 1 13
Imperial " .... 17 00
Independence 11 ......'
Junction ....
Kern 450 473
Kern River 13 CO
1 Lion - 01
! Monarch for Arizona) 35 37
Monte Cristo 73
Occidental of W Va . ....
Oil City Petroleum 31 35
Peerless 113 50
Plttsburg ....
Reed Crude 4 60 ....
8 F A McKittrick ....
San Joaquln O A D ....
Senator 50 ....
Sovereign 3«
I Sterling 2 42% 2 «>
; Superior 05 Ort
Thirty-three « 00 T»
Toltec s 18 20
Twenty- eight ....
West Shore • .... • ■ • -
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Imp 1 30 1 6O
I Alameda Sugar ....
American Biscuit ••••
American District Tel ....
Cat Gaa A Elec Corp ....
California Cotton Mills ....
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co
Cal Title Ins A Trust
! Central ' Bank of Oakland 70 00
i Chutes Company ....
i Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 23
, Pischer*s Theater .... 2 25
' Gas Consumers' Assn 21 00
'Honolulu Su«:ar ....
I Northern California Power.. 8 73 9 50
j North Shore Railroad ....
' Orpheum Company 18 00 ....
i Pacific SUtes T«l A Tel.... .... ....'
I Parafflne Paint -v 37 50 ■ ....
I San Francisco Dry Dock
] Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 70 • 2 25
; Sausallto Land A Ferry ....
i Sperry Flour Company
.Standard Electric ....
Tesla Coal Company ....
Truckee Electric ••••.
Union Sugar ....
United Gas A Electric ....
SALES.
. Morning Session.
Board —
200O1; City Petroleum 35
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200OII City Petroleum 35
200 Oil City Petroleum ._ « 34
Mviinz Stocks. - : 'i
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 28] 200 Occidental ..'. »
1 200 Andes 27) 300 Overman .... 35
I 200 Belcher •"»" 100 Overman ' 30
' 100 Caledonia ...1 15. 5OO Overman .... 27
70O Chollar Mi 40O Ophir 3 70
ICO Con C A Va.l 60. 700 Potosi 22
200 Exchequer ... 18. 700 Savage 47
200 Gould A Cur. 34 1 50 Sierra Nev .. «
20O Julia f5i 600 Union Con .. «2
500 Mexican 160 100 Union Con .. 81
200 Occidental ... WIOOO Utah 25
-200 Occidental ... S7i 50O Yellow Jacket 49
• Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 261 BOO Overman .... 34
400 Belcher Ml 3TO Potosi '21
10O Caledonia ...1C5 200 Savage 40
450 Con C A Va.l 60 10O Sierra NeT .. M
4OO Crown Point. 25 100 Utah 2*
- 40O Orrulri A Car. S« 20O Utah .... .24,
: 10O Justice *H> SCO Yellow Jacket 43
1 200 Ophtr 3 70l
j PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
' Following were the sales oa the Pacific
8tock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Andes 2»f ton Mexican 1 60
• 200 Andes 28 ICO Ophlr 3 SO
I 100 Andes 27 1 200 Potosi 21
2C0 Caledonia ...1 10 300 Savage 46
10O Caledonia .1 07% 300 fieg Belcher.. 10.
100 Con C A Va.l 65 200 Sierra Nev .. 61
100 Crown Point. 30; 100 Silver Hill .. «9
200 Exchequer ... 16! 200 Utah 23
j 100 G6uld A Cur. 34! 100 Yellow Jacket 49
! 100 Gould A Cur. 33!
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 27 300 Con C & Va.l 60
2fO Andes 28 200 Con C A V.I 62%
100 Andes 23 in Gould A Cur. 30
300 Caledonia . . .1 C5 SOO Sea: Belrher. . l*»
200 Caledonia .1 07% 100 Yellow Jacket 43
TONOPAH MINIMO EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran -
Continued on Pase TwqIyc
1314
KEffMAK A UEVUSSOS.
, • # ■ _^ ..
Kearuj acd Sntter Sts. *£-^*^Mj^||ii# • •
Reliable Black Silks
(First Floor Beat*? Street)
We place on sale to-day four of the best values our Silk
Department has ever offered. It would be difficult for you to
find better silks for waists, gowns or coats— and you can buy
them now much under the regular prices.
21-lnch Black.Peau do Sole, light 27-incb Black Taffeta-al! silk, firm
weight for summer wear;* worth weave, air excellent wearing
$1.00 yard, special at 75c quality; J1.10 yard.sale price 85c.
21-inch Black Peau do Sole, betutl- 36-lnch Black Taffeta Silk % heavy
ful quality, In a «oft rich 'quality with a o very rich lustre;
finish; worth $1.25 yard, pur worth retularly $1.25 yard,
price $1.00 special at $1.00
Handsome Robes Reduced
(First Floor Xearaf St.)
We don't think you've" ever seen more beautiful Lace
Robes than those we show to-day — some are on black, white
and cream net grounds — a few on chiffon and silk crepe — and*
there are also some beautiful combinations of white and cream
and black and white with applications of motifs, medallions
and lace. Waist, «leeves and skirt comprise- the complete
robe. They are reduced as follows : / \
Robes of Renaissance Laco wero $ 40.00 now $ 15.00.
Robes of Handrun Lace were $ 75.00 now $ 57.50
Robes of Chiffon *. were $ 85.00 now $ 57.50
Robes of Spangled Lace were $110.00 now $ 80.00
Robes of Hand-mado French Laco... were $175-00 now $130.00
Also exceptionally fine values in
LIERRE LACE ROBES at $12.50, $17.50 and $22.50 each
A Superb Glove Special as^o
A new importation just arrived and we hurry to tell you of
them, for you will want a pair or two. They are made of fine
quality kid, neatly embroidered and have, one clasp. We
have them now in all sizes in pretty shades of Tan, Mode,
Beaver, Red, Gray, Navy and Brown, also White. Every
pair guaranteed and fitted — real value $1.25 pair, <r 1 nn'
our price 3 I .UU
Stamped Waist Patterns (*££?£)
Another supply of those handsome Shfrt Waist Patterns'
off«r.ed to-day. They are stamped on fine white oxford,
ready to be embroidered. Designs are Wild Rose, Pome-'
granate, Butterfly, Oriental, Scroll and Conven- ffi rn
tional, exquisite patterns. Special at 4>l .OU
Whisk Brooms 25c Each
(Pint Floor Sutter St.)
Hundreds of fine quality Whisk Brooms go on sale to-day —
some with braided handles, others with handles of wood and
bone — all are good, strong and serviceable — sold regularly at
35c, 40c and 50c each. Your choice of them while they n p p
last at * -
Excellent Corset Values gk&j%)
Two New Models — unequaled for comfort, ease and per-
fection of fit.e
Bias Gbred Erect Form Corsets, Handsome Erect Form Corsets,
made of heavy sateen in white, - made of pretty figured coutille,
gray and black, with low bust, with low bust, long princess hip
princess hip and garters attached; and front — excellent value, per
per pair $1.50 pair $3.00
Sheets and Pillow Cases .(Es?s 1 2S)
Bed Sheets and Pillow Slips at old prices, to-day. We
bought this lot before the advance in cotton — you had better
lay in a supply now, for we doubt if we will ever be "able to
duplicate these figures :
Red Sheets, size 63 x 00 inches, at 55c
Bed Sheets, size 72 x 90 inches, at 60c
Bed Sheets, size 81 x 90 inches, at 65c
Be d Sheets, size 90x90 inches, at 70c
Pillow Slips, size 45 x 36 inches, at 1 0c
Pillow Slips, size 50 x 36 inches, at 1 2J£c
WAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION
Ewiiig and Osbornc Convicted.
William B. Ewing was convicted
yesterday morning by a jury in the
United States District Court of having
used the United States mails with in
tent to defraud his correspondents.
He was ordered to appear at 10 a. m.
on Saturday for sentence.
A. G. Osborne pleaded gu'Uy to an
indictment charging him with having
forged a poq^al money order for $5.
He -was ordered to appear on Satur
day for sentence.
Take a Rest at Del Monte.
The trendy at Del Monte Is very beautiful,
and frr hathin*. hoe ting, riding, golfing and
other i >,.<u!if the place is famous. A first
class ticket between San Francisco and Los
Ar.gejfs, ejthT dirertion. Including two dav»'
entertainment at Del Monte, only $22- chil
dren. $14 BO. Privilege o'f thirty days 1 ' stop
ov#t If you Tii«h. Southern Pacific agenta
«i:i rive you particular*. •
Lucky" Baldwin Renews Mortgage.
E. J. Baldwin, better known as
"Lucky" Baldwin, yesterday filed a re
newal of a mortgage to the Hibernia
Bank for $1,375,000 in the Recorder's
office. The security given is the Bald
win Annex croperty. holdings In the
Western Addition and hB home in Los
Ar.celes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SFCTIONAI ' «— — ==^== ' tt'
'•vi ■ . f ' glass door?. L^^"B $»p%fp%j»^i^*a 1 11 /||
any FH ni J c HBCTiFBri ft n ur E- nt ' re |~^ T^ \Z
li 25 per cent foP February Hffl
Iffl ALL GOODS MARKED IN PLAIH riGUREsMfjJj
|iGeo.H.FuIleffDeskCo.Sf
III 646 -5O Mission St. EM
iSli 5 AN FRANCISCO. • |g|
Bell Sstate Case Decided.
An appeal by creditors of the Thomas
Bell estate from a Superior Court order
allowing decedent's wife 520.000 as a
family allowance was decihed in favor
of the former by the Supreme Court
3-esterday. This particular feature of
tho litigation over the property left by
the capitalist has been in the courts
for about ten years. Numerous other
cases have yet to be decided.
' The overworked Eye, the faded Eye,
the red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye Rem
edy. At all druggists'. •
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
Louis Listman, a coal wagon driver,
was arrested by Officer McCurrle of th«
Humane Society yesterday for using a
crippled horse. Listman was released
on $10 cash bail.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam the safe.
sure and guaranteed cure. 25c, 60c. Druggists.*
Customs Appointment).
Customs Collector Stratton has ap
pointed William Phoedovius assistant
weigher at $4 per day and Vank R.
Hanaley assistant weigher at $1100 per
annum.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1904.
SOEDER MUST
FACE JURORS
Leon Soeder Will Be Tried in
. the Siperior Court on the
Charge of Murdering Blaise
CABANISS GIVES DECISION
Extra 'Time Is Allotted to the.
Defense in Which to Attempt
to. Rebut Prosecution's Case
Judge Cabaniss will bind Leon Soe
der over to-the Superior Court for trial.
Yesterday's session of Judge Caban
iss' court was opened by the closing
argument of the defense by Attorney
Salomon. He reviewed the evidence of
the prosecution and attempted to show
wherein a great portion of It was ir
relevant; that the police had no chain
of evidence, merely a chain of suspi
cions. He assailed the veracity and
character of the tenderloin witnesses
for the prosecution, and said that the
police had distorted some peculiar cir
cumstances into evidence. He stated
that the testimony of Frank Cannon
and Miss Catherine Flatley had no con
nection with the murder case, and re
ferred to the landlord as "the voluble
Mexican, who testified to one thing
one moment and denied It the next."
Salomon showed by the testimony of
the women who keep the Mexican res
taurant and the statement of Dr.
Bothe, the city chemist, that Blaise
must have been killed between the
hours of 7 and 8 o'clock on the night
of January 10. The attorney attrib
uted the issuance and application of
so many insurance policies to the vigil
ance of insurance solicitors, who, he
said, swarmed after Soeder and Blaise.
Salomon then cited a story where an
Innocent man was, hanged by a chain
of circumstantial "evidence, in" an at
tempt to show the court the danger of
acting on such evidence.
HAXLEY MAKES ARGUMENT.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley,
who has handled the case for the prose
cution, replied to Saloman's argument
and went over what points the prose
cution 'iad attempted to show by the
introduction of so much apparently ir
relevant testimony. He spoke of the
plot that Soeder had presumably con
cocted, his trip to France, the persuad
ing of his brother-in-law to accompany
him to San Francisco under the pre
text that he would secure for him a
good position and the many attempts
by Soeder to secure }ife insurance soon
after his arrival in this country. He
told of the straitened circumstances
Soeder was In, how he was compelled
to pawn everything of value he pos
sessed to get money to pay the prem
iums on the policies that he applied
for on the life of Blaise. He told of
the desire of Soeder to make Miss
Flatley his wife, his representing to
her that he was to receive a legacy
of $10,000 from an estate in Germany,
and his attempt on his return to this
city to keep his presence unknown to
his expected bride until he should be
in a, position to say, "Now I have the
money that I promised you to have
when I married you."' *
Attorney Hanley told of the suspi
cious circumstances which pointed to
Soeder as the murderer; of Seeder's at
tempt to establish an alibi by going to
the residence of his German friends In
the Mission and writing a letter to him
self, so that his* receipt of it might im
press more firmly on the minds of*his
German friends his visit to their place
when he pretended to be searching for
his brother-in-law.'
He showed that Soeder was not in
his room on the night of the murder be
fore 12 o'clock, as the letter received by
him at the Melenberg place in the Mis
sion was mailed by Soeder after 12
o'clock on the night of the murder, as
the stamp 5 a. m., January 11, Indi
cates. Another incident that went to
show that Soeder was -not in his room
on the night was the testimony of Te
resa King, who saw him in the O. K.
saloon at 9:50 o'clock on the night of
the murder. «•
SOEDER AVAS IGNORANT.
Hanley stated that Soeder did not
know to this day from any word re
ceived from the Aetna Insurance Com
pany that his application for a $5000
policy on the life of Blaise had .been* re
jected, neither was he aware that he
was not to receive the $7000 policy from
the Hartford Company.
The fact, the attorney said, that Soe
der wrote to Miss Flatley that his Ger
man friend, Blaise, was going home
soon shows that he was having diffi
culty in holding Blaise in the city until
he could secure heavy Insurance on his
life. He had to kill him in San Fran
cisco, and so killed him on the night of
January 10.
The knife introduced in evidence
Tuesday was seen constantly in Soe
der's possession by the landlord, Nei
blas, and his wife, and it would have
been suspicious for Soeder to remove it
on the day that the murder was dis
covered. Therefore he left it lying open
in plain view on the table, with the
hope of having the police overlook it as
an unimportant piece of evidence. Soe
der cleaned the knife, but the blood re
mained around the handle and the joint
of the blade. •
When Hanley had finished Judge Ca
baniss stated that he was ready to
deny a motion for dismissal on the part
of Attorney Salomon. He said:
I shall have to denr the motion for a dis
missal of thin case. I am not nearly bo per
suaded as Mr. Hanley that all of the testi
mony is admissible. When I come to formally
dispose of tho case I shall ignore the testi
jfnony of the Flatley woman, of Cannon and
of some oth«r witnesses whose testimony pur
sues the same general theory.
CABAXISS REVIEWS CASE.
I am Bitting: as a committing: Judge, and It
Is not for me to find the defendant guilty. It
Is enough that there Is sufficient evidence to
believe htm guilty. There are three or four
pieces of evidences on which I base my denial
of the motion, tin the first place, Blaise was
beyond a doubt murdered. The' defendant was
arr«>sted. brought to the Hall of Justice, and
the question arose: What motive could there
have be*n for the murder? We find that the
life of Blaise was insured so that Soeder was
the beneficiary to at least the sum of $3000.
That circumstance alone, It seems to me, stands
out against the defendant. The law generally
frowns against transactions of this nature
where one- man makes himself the beneficiary
in an insurance policy on another's life. The
law shows that where a man wishes to benefit
by the death of another he is under great
temptation to do Just what tho deefendant In
this case Is accused of— killing his brother-in
law. 60 that he might get the ' money repre
sented In the policies on his life. The one
fact that has been brought out, that the de
fendant was of a penurious nature. Is borne
out by the fact that immediately on receiving:
the awful, news of his • brother-in-law's death
he at once thinks of the insurance policies
and the pecuniary assistance that. he expected
to derive from their payment.
Judge Cabaniss at this stage of his
address took a peculiar stand, when he
stated that it was his belief that the
gripman Vose saw Blaise, whom he de
scribed as an exerted German, on Union
street on the night of . the murder at
8:30 o'clock. Testimony had been intro
duced that phows that Blaise and Soe
der left the Mexican restaurant at 6 or
6:15 o'clock on the. night of the murder.
City Chemist Bothe found from a mi
croscopical examination^ of the food in
the dead man's . stomach that Blaise
had been killed an hour or an hour and
a half after *he eating of the meal. This
would bring the time of the murder at
the widest interval' not later than - 8
PARTED TWICE
IN TWO YEARS
Eemarriage of Chester and Ta
hpe.D. Wright Kesults in
Second Appeal for Divorce
MERCHANT BEATS HIS WIFE
Judge Sloss Gives Relief to
Woman Who Testifies That
She Was Cruelly Abused
/For the second time within two years
have Tahoe D. Wright and Chester F.
Wright, the wealthy corset manu
facturer, been, separated by a decree
of the court. Judge Murasky, about
the 1st of June, 1902, ga,ve Mrs. Wright
a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Ten days later they were remarried
and went abroad. After ten months
they returned and Mrs. Wright, a few
days after reaching home, filed a suit
for divorce, practically repeating the
charges of cruelty made in her first
suit. This suit was' heard yesterday by
Judge Slo'ss, who awarded Mrs.
a decree after listening 'to testimony
that showed that Wright is a fit sub
ject for a whipping post. Their prop
erty rights were settled out of court,
Mrs. Wright having asked for $350 a
month alimony.
The only witnesses examined were
Mrs. Wright, Mrs. William Pomin, her
mother, and Robert McNeil, a boy about
13 years of age. The latter testified
that one night when he was passing
Wright's Ellis street store he heard a
commotion inside, and on peering
through the door saw Wright cruelly
beating his wife. "
"What did you do?" asked Judge
Sloss. .
"I tapped on the window," said the
sturdy little fellow, "and when Wright
came to the door I told him that any
man who would beat a woman ought
to be arrested, and then I ran away."
MrS. -Wright's testimony was to the
effect that Wright had treated her in
an inhuman manner during /the eight
months that preceded the filing of the
second suit for divorce. She said that
he struck her with great frequency,
constantly called her vile names and
kicked her so many times that she
could not specify the dates. She said
that once he threw a lighted cigar in
her face and told her "that if he fol
lowed his inclinations he would kill
her."
Mrs. Pomin testified to the effect
Wright's treatment had on his wife.
She said that at the time of her. second
marriage her daughter was in prime
physical health and that ten months
later she was a mental and physical
wreck._
At the time Mrs. Wright secured her
first decree of divorce she was awarded
$15,000 as her share of the community
property.
THE CARPET
AND FURNI
TURE COM
BINE TO RAISE
PRICES
The fact that nearly all the hotel and
housekeepers are now laying In a supply
of Carpets. Furniture, Draperies, Pic
tures and Stoves leads the public to be
lieve the rumor is true that; is now afloat
regarding the combine's intention to
raise prices from 25 to 50 per cent as
soon as PATTOSIEN COMPANY, corner
of Slxtee.nth and Mission streets, closes
its doors',
Reduction Works Sends Check.
The, Sanitary Reduction Works yes
terday sent a check to the Board of
Supervisors for $1069 97, being 2 per
cent of the gross recefpts, $53,498 O 85,
for burning garbage during 1903.
Public Speakers use PIbo's Cure to strength
en the- voice and prevent hoarseness. Druggists*
o'clock, and the man Been by Vose was
seen at 8:30. .
Prosecuting Attorney Hanley at the
time of placing Vose on the stand said
that his testimony was unimportant.
Detective Gibson said the same, and
that they merely placed Vose on the
stand to satisfy his clamoring to be
heard.
ACCUC^D MAN'S ANXIETY.
Judge Cabaniss narrated the attempt
on Soeder's part to display anxiety at
the absence of Blaise, and dwelt on the
fact that Soeder tried to impress on
every one that Blaise had been robbed,
that he had $90 on his person. He said:
That Is Just precisely what I should expect
the murderer to do. The defendant was evi
dently very anxious to enow that Blaise had
been robbtd. This was. of course. In keeping
with the turning Inside out of the dead man's
pockets. Now, 'this part of the work was over
done. A robber might accidentally leave a
man's pockets turned lnelde out. but would
never take the time nor tend to leave any
thing to show that robbery had been com
mitted by turning carefully Inside out every
pocket In the trousers. It appears to have
been the work of some one who desired to con
vey the robbery theory to the police.
Soeder treated the news of his brother-in
law's death very lightly by saying, "Go on;
go 'way," where but an hour or so before he
had attempted to Impress on the landlord and
landlady and his- friends In the Mission that
he feared that Blaise had met foul play.
The man has placed himself under suspicion,
and I shall have to deny the motion for a dis
missal of "the case.
Attorney Salomon objected to the
Judge's decision and asked that he be
given an hour to-day in which to in
troduce some more'evidence for the de-
I fense. This was granted, -and this
morning at 11 o'clock Salomon will at
tempt to rebut some of the prosecu
tion's testimony, but Judge Cabaniss'
; decision will In all probability hold good
i after he has finished.
Soeder has sat throughout the hear
ing during the last week and tried to
appear unconcerned as the testimony
piled up against him. During the last
few days the ordeal he has been under
going has shown plainly on his face.
When the Judge was reviewing the case
yesterday Soeder watched him intently,
but - whenever Judge Cabaniss looked'
directly at the accused man Soeder
hung his eyes. He never looks any one
in the face and his eyes are constantly
shifting.
As Judge Cabaniss made known his
decision to hold him ! for trial Soeder's
frame shook visibly and then seemed to
relax into a. resigned state. As he was
being led back to the prison his > eyes
were upon the floor and did not attempt
to meet the curious gaze of the crowds
that lined the corridors. __,
DUFFY TELLS
ON WONG DIN
Expressman Swears Against
the Chinese Schemer Who
Planned Ma' Foo's Escape
IS A WILLING WITNESS
Owing to the Vigilance and
Honesty of Deputy Marshal
Burnham, Plot Is Exposed
Wong Din was placed on trial before
a jury yesterday in the United Rtates
District Court on an indictment charg
ing him with having conspired with
John Duffy to secure the illegal land
ing of Ma Foo, a Chinese coolie, by
substituting another Chinaman for
him. The case will be argued this
morning. United States District At
torney Marshall B. Woodworth and
Assistant United States Attorney Ben
L. McKinley appear on behalf of the
Government and Bert Schlesinger for
the defendant.
The testimony was to the effect that
on January 30, 1902, John Duffy, em
ployed by Herbert Creighton, express
man for the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, took a Chinese immigrant
named Ma Foo from the detention shed
at the Mail dock to Brown's • photo
graph eallery on Kearny street to get
his portrait taken 1 efore handing him
over to the United States Marshal in
obedience to a writ of habeas corpus
served upon the master of the steam
ship Gaelic, on which, vessel Ma Foo
arrived from China, After the pic
ture had been taken. Duffy brought
Ma Foo downstairs, and in the door
way facing Kearny street, on the
ground floor, he foung Wong Din and
an elderly Chinaman. Duffy handed
Ma Foo to Wong Din and brought the
elderly Chinese coolie to the office of
the United States Marshal.
Had it not been for the vigilance of
Deputy United States Marshal George
A. Burnham, the substitution would
never have been discovered. Burnham
happened to be in the gallery on an
other case when Duffy arrived with
Ma Foo. An hour later Burnham re
turned to the Marshal's office and
found an elderly Chinese in the pris
oners' room. On being informed by
Clerk Farish that the old 1 man was >la
Foo, Burnham replied that the Ma Foo
he had seen with Duffy at the photog
rapher's was a young man and was
not the prisoner then in the Marshal's
office. An investigation followed, with
the result that Duffy was convicted
and served a two months' term of im
prisonment In the County Jail and the
pretended Ma Foo served a like sen
tence.
Duffy was a willing witness for the
Government in the present trial. He
testified that Wong Din hay made an
agreement to pay him ; $100 for each
Chinaman whom he might succeed in
substituting, and that wong Din had
given him the false Ma Foo in ex
change for the genuine one at the pho
tograph gallery. He said he had not
been paid by Wong Din for the Ma
Foo substitution, but that Wong Din
had paid him $220 for other substitu
tions, the names and dates of which he
could not remember.
When Duffy was on trial two years
ago he refused to reveal the name of
the Chinaman with whom he had been
connected in the affair, but after Wong
Din had been arrested for complicity
with Deputy United States Marshal
Gamble and Jailers Dasha, Dempsey
and Burnett, Duffy told the prosecu
tion all he knew.
REDDING, Feb. 3. — Passenger* on the
train arriving hero at midnight bound from
Portland to San Francisco report that a
woman was robbed of $60 on th« train. The
local railroad officials say they know, nothing
of the alleged robbery.
MABKS BB03. '
BIG SAVINGS AT
MARKS BROS.
jr f\ SALE PRICE TO-DAY FOR
CL Wn THE FOLLOWING 75c
T \J %* VALUES = =
/ t Q n for LOW -NECK MUSLIN
t-OC GOWNS, reveres and yoke
prettily trimmed in lace and insertion.
//). for MERCERIZED SATEEN
H-OC PETTICOATji, flounce made
with 2 ruffles.
An for FLANNELETTE PETTI-
f-CfC COATS, in pink, cream and
blue; deep flounce, trimmed in inser-
tion and finished with rid&e of linen
torchon lace.
/n for MUSLIN DRAWERS. Lot
tvo / — Flounce trimmed with
ruffle of embroidery and insertion.
Lot 2—6 hemstitched tucks and deep
ruffle of embroidery form the flounce.
AQn for FLEECE-LINED WAISTS,
ty&C in all the seasonable stripes;
front gracefully flares in a pretty
pouch effect. .; r ,
Just Received— CHILDREN'S CHAM-
BRAY DRESSES, in all the 1904 effects.
Dainty Dress, as pictured, sells to-day
for, 49c. Just think of the price!.
Comes in good washable colors of pink
and blue. Sizes t to 6.
Mail Order* Given Prompt Attention.
■ Send In your name and address and we
will mail you FREE OP CHARGE our
Hail Order Book No. 3 for 1001.
MARKS BROS.
HONEST VALUES.
1220-22-24 MARKET STREET
Bet Taylor and Jones.
HALE'S. | _?i V l£!L~~~^~—
"I like Hate's. I always feel so free and easy there."
: . ***■——<?■ '■^Sr^^y, BUSY
• " K"' \ BUSY
** I BUSY
60c White, Sheets
Fliers t in sheets. 'An economy move folks are taking advan-
tage of, and as long as it comes from the good goods store they
know it's safe economy.
Hale's double warp'sheeta, 60c, 65c, COc, 65c, Pequot sheets. &5c. 6Oc. C5c, 70c; 75c.
70c. tVamsutta sheets. 6Oc, S3c. 73c. 95c
Hale'a economy «heetJ, 65c. 60c, 65c, 70c. Unbleached sheets, S9c, 44c. 40c.
Pillow Cases Are Low Priced.
All sizes, all qualities. These at lie are less than you can jret the
sheeting for by the yard: rejrular size, 45x36.
12% c ones include different lines — a manufacturer's clean-uo. Cases
that we can't sell regularly under 15c and i7 l /2C.
Other cases at 15c. 17V2C. 20c. 22j4c, 25c, 27j4c.
Pick out your valentines you Still a few of those reduced waists.
want now before some one else . Dotted Safceeu Waists
picks them out. <t | f\f\
New <JO=CartS • White mercerized zcaists $1.29.
r Are Attracting Attention^ A fezv mercerized chez-iot
Any number of new styles, waists $1.59.
each with any number of new for ent wear;nz
improvements. Take The lipes are incomplete. These
This Reclining Cart at $8.70 dottcd satcen wabt5 at $IOO soM
It has the new automobile war. former , at $I '.. a Thcy have oleat .
patent springs on the wheels,-- all • . . ". , , t
enameled green, footbrake. uohol- «d fronts and backs. 3 large fancy
stered cushion, parasol with deep -buttons, pleated sleeves that are ex-
ruffle, pretty scroll sides, closely tra lar«e; stock collars with tabs,
woven, rolling swell front.
Reed reclining carts. $12.50 ones at $11. Z, , n tt- • . „««, »,«—»,tJ «i -*
Extra high Bides scroll iprlng searj. * 1 ; 5 ? F a ' st ? • wer9 *>nnerly $1.,5.
patent epring, rubber-tired wheels, up- It's a.^eclslve move— one entirely la you:
bolstered cushion, ruffled parasol. favor.
Carriages at $6.60. Reed, upholstere* In
India cloth, with hood top. padded and /=7 /P3T **&T
Perforated backs, wooden arm rests, Jjgf m&^J^^sJ
foot rest, strong axles, heavy wheels. -* gg ' G*OI»6i*^^
They fold up close and snug. — "^^
EXAMINATION
SET FOR JUNE
Board of Education Will Hold
Another Test for. Applicants
for Positions as Teachers
The Board of Education will shortly
begin preparations for the holding: of
another competitive examination of
applicants for positions as teachers in,
the school department. The examina
tion will be held on some day in June
yet to be selected, and as formerly will
consist of a written and oral test.
The necessity for holding another ex
amination will become apparent when
it is known that of the successful com
petitors in the last" one flfty-flve stand
ing highest- off. the list have been as
signed to i^sitions. The board Is of
the opinion that at least fifteen more
will be assigned from the eligible list
before the holding of the June exam
ination.
It is expected that the nftmber of
those who will take the June examina
tion will be unusually large, owing to
the fact that additional teachers will
be in demand on account of the new
school buildings being erected under
the bond issue, the legality of which
will be decided next year by the Su
preme Court.
A statement prepared yesterday in
the office of the board shows that there
are at present forty-two teachers on
leaves of absence. Some of these .will
probably not return to resume teaching,
and this will necessitate the appoint
ment of new teachers to their places
as" soon as their resignations are pre
sented and accepted.
The Board of Education will meet to
day and assign several teachers to the
evening substitute list. ThN attendance
at the evening schools is constantly on
the increase and substitutes are often
pressed into service.
The board will also make arrange
ments for the installation of a uniform
gong system in all of the schools. The
gongs will be utilized in the holding of
flre drills in order that pupils may ac
custom themselves to act coolly in
cases of emergency.
The members of the board visited the
schools in the North Beach district
yesterday. The Cooper, Hancock and
Jean Dwyer schools were inspected and
were all found to be crowded with
pupils. The attendance is so large that
the board feels that additional class
rooms should be established in the
three schools, but owing to lack of
funds will be prevented from doing so.
The Chinese Primary School was also
visited, its attendance being compara
tively light owing to the observation
of Chinese New Tear. After the cele
bration is over the school will have an
Increased attendance.
CLAIMS WELKINS IS TRYING
TO DEFRAUD HIS CREDITORS
John Sroufe Accuses Bankrupt Lessee
off the Cliff House off Attempting
to Cheat by an Assignment.
As a result of the recent transfer by
John M. Wilkins, the* bankrupt lessee
of the Cliff House, of his Interest In
the furniture and fixtures to the J. M.
Wilkins Company, a suit has been filed'
in which Wilkins is charged with at
tempting to defraud his creditors. The
action was commenced yesterday by
John Sroufe, who forced Wilkins Into
bankruptcy, in his capacity as trustee
of the effects and estate of Wilkins.
The complaint recites that Wilkins,
after giving his promissory notes for
more than $30,000 to plaintiff, deliber
ately assigned to the corporation bear-
Ing his name all his right, title and in
terest in the valuable fixtures and fur
niture at .the Cliff House. The plain
tiff- alleges that Wilkins Is the prin
cipal owner of the stock in the J. M.
Wilkins Company and as such devised
the scheme of transfer for the purpose
of defrauding him.
Worthlnjrton Gets His Pay.
The Auditor of Alameda County must
draw a warrant for $3799 99 In favor of
John "Worthlngton according to a Su
preme Court decision rendered yester
day.- The plaintiff furnished planking
for the Oakland wharves and Auditor
Breed disallowed the claim on the
ground that his employes had labored
more than the eight hours a day pre
scribed by law for public work. The
court holds that the law in question
does not apply in the case at bar.
fC*l kj mj %r3 P| • y^sl y SJl B1
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Main 5522.
"We offer unusual bargain* for this three
days' sale. Choice coeds sold at very 1<" W
figure*. We -will make It worth your while
to call and see us. •
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
Creamery BaHer, per sq 42 l / z c
Fresh sweet butter.
Fresh Ranch Eggs, per doz 80c
Th» very test.
Eastern Sugar Haras, per Ib 14c
Regular 16c. The Ideal oraad. Always
reliable.
Victoria Blend Tea, per Ib 45c
Regular 60c. Superior quality la proven
by increasing salea.
English Walnuts 2 lbs for 25c
Regular 15c per Ib. Quality guaranteed.
Macaroni, Spaghetti and Vermicelli
Small boxes 20c; large boxes 35c
Ragular 25c Regti'.ar COc
- A good domestic article.
French Mixed Candy, per Ib ...... 35c
The same kind you pay 50c for In candy
- stores.
Japan Rice, per Ib 5c
Regular 7c. Cooks Just right.
French Saf dines in Oil ... 2 cans for 25c
Regular , 13c a can. The- Monk brand.
Family Bourbon, per bot 60c; per gal $2.50
Regular 75c Regular |3.00
A fine whiskey at a popular price.
Hermitage Rye, per boi 90c
Regular $1.25. Something very Old.
Watson's Scotch, per fas* .... SI. 00
Regular $1.25. Just the thing for a High-
Ball or a Hot Scotch. *> • - .
Plymouth Gin, per boi 90c
Regular $1.10. Contain* medicinal Quali-
ties.
Riesling, per gal 40c
Regular COc A light, reakesatng table
wine.
Lemp's Beer, Exira Pale,
per doz qts $2.15; per doz pis $1.0
Regular $2.35 Regular $1.55
Fold the world over.
h Ja^^ FOR «e/ ANO
Sweet sleep comes to the baby
who is properly fed with a
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
A postal request will brine a sampla of MsW
Harz Food right to your home.
MELLIN*C FOOD CO, BOSTON, MASS.
i°«KATONAH"""i
K«J tw H
Wj IN 1-1
I CLUETT BRAND [\
vi QUARTER SIZES. 23 CENTS EACH EB
|f| CLUETT, PEABOOY & CO., YH
fcj HAKIM or CtUSTT AND MONARCH ■MlftT* y. J
CwasreRemeraber the Poll _N?.raa
sgcatiyg ijroaao Q?;?iiin0
CureSaCcld iaOneDay, Gri^a 2 Days