THE "57 Ja.4!rH.?JS.
O'-v. » t't f I V
„ n^w "~ r x \
Cisco &£ titri^' hoars o\<M™y
A. O. KcABXE,
District JForec&stes.
VOLUME MCY— NO. 86L
CHINESE CRUISERS WILL ATTACK RUSSIAN
GUNBOAT BOTTLED IN HARBOR OF SHANGHAI
SHANGHAI, Feb. 24. — Two Chinese cruisers have been ordered to Shanghai and will -arrive Their mission is to enforce the
Taotai's demand that the Russian gunboat Mandjur leave the harbor, ■in; accordance with China's declaration of neutrality. Should the
Russian warship refuse to depart, she probably will be attacked in the harbor by the Chinese. vessels. A Japanese squadron is in waiting
outside the harbor to sink or capture the Mandjur, should the demand of China be heeded. /
CHEFU/Feb. 23. — The report reached here to-night that the Japanese have destroyed several bridges and seventy miles of the roadbed
of the Trans-Siberian Railroad, between Harbin and Vladivostok.
BARD'S PLAN
TO PREVENT
DEADLOCKS
Text of Senator's
Note Concerning
V Patronage.
Would Give House Delega
tion a Voice in Making
;: .. Appointments.
Eicepts. Two San Francisco Ofices
in Eis InitiatiTe Toward a Resto
ration of Harmony.
Special Di«j>a.teh to Tfce Ca:L
CALA. -BUREAU. HOTEL BAKTON.
V\'ASEIXGTOX, Feb. 22. — Republican
members of the California delegation
in the House held no formal meeting
.to-day to consider the matter of the
distribution of Federal patronage be
tatse of the illness of Hon. V. H. Met
ralf, who was compelled to leave the
Capitol this afternoon and is confined
tf» iiis room in the Arlington Hotel.
Individual members of the delegation
Kay ••.there is no doubt as to the ac
ceptance- of Senator Bard's proposi
tion if concurred in by Senator Per
kins.
' Following is the text of the com
munication, as made to Representative
Met.ca.lf for submission to the Repub
lican members of the House. It -will
be noted tha't Senator Bard excepts, in
this initiative toward harmony, the
pending case? relating to Naval Of
ficer of the Customs and Register of
the Land Office in San Francisco.
Bard's notes read:
"UNITED STATES SENATE. COM
MITTEE ON IRRIGATION, WASH
INGTON, Saturday, Feb. 20, 1904.
Hon. V. H. Metcalf, House of Repre
sentatives — Dear Kir: I desire to refer
to a statement contained in your re
cent letter, written by you to a gentle
man ■who is also my friend, and which
is placed in my hands for reasons that
I have explained to you in conversa
tion with you this afternoon. The
statement is as follows
" 'Th<5 Republican members of the
House from California have met and
pone over carefully the question of
Federal patronage. We unanimously
came to the conclusion that, inas
much as the Senators claimed all the
Federal patronage in the State, we
would not, where there was a division
and the Senators could not agree, in
dorse any of the candidates, our con-'
tention being that the Federal patron
age should be at the disposal of the
entire delegation and not under the
control of the two Senators in this
matter, but let them fight it out be
tween themselves.'
OLD RULE DISADVANTAGEOUS.
"I confirm your statements that as a
rule, rarely infringed, the Senators have
claimed and exercised the right to
recommend for appointment to Federal
offices without formal consultation with
any member of the House delegation,
and that there have been several cases
where the Senators appear to be in dis
agreement in regard to certain appoint
ments. Indeed at the present time there
are four Federal offices occupied by in
cumbents whose terms have long ago
expired, and in Eomo of these cases no
urn*' appointments have been made be
cause the Senators could not agree.
"When I came to the Senate I learned
that the Senators from each State
claimed the exc?usive privilege of
recommending the Federal officers and
that California had been accustomed to
follow this rule. There seems to me to
be a good reason for the rule iii th%.
consideration that the Senators were
exclusively responsible for confirmation
of" the President's nomination, but I
could not understand, however, why the
Senators might not, with great pro
priety and in consideration of the public
interests as well as of the welfare and
harmony of the party' in control, con-
FUlt^ with and be guided in a large
measure hy the advice of members of
th* delegation in the other chamber, as
ie the eas* with some of the State.dele
gations. I think I expressed myself
substantially to this effect early in myj
The San Francisco Call.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
WINDSTORM
DEMOLISHES
BUILDINGS
Gale of Great Fury
Sweeps Washing
ton Coast
One Man Is Killed in His
Home and Several Are
Injured.
Great Aniiety Is Felt for Vessels That
May Have Been in the Path of
the Cyclone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 23.— An un-*
usual storm of cyclonic fury swept over
Washington coast north of Grays Har
bor late yesterday afternoon. It came
across the Pacific Ocean from the
southwest, carrying destruction and
devastation for. an unknown distance,
its sweeping path being only fifty
yards wide. The greatest damage, so
far as reported, was done at Qulnault
Indian Agency, about fifty miles north
of Grays Harbor. Buildings there were
blown down and large fir trees were
uprooted. David Kerr was killed and
his wife and an old Indian known as
Sam were fatally injured. Several
other Quinault Indians were bruised
and injured. David Kerr and his wife
were in their house when the storm
struck it. The house was carried sev
eral yards and struck the ground with
such force as to demolish It.
A party left Quinault early this
morning for Hoquiam with the body of
Kerr and those injured. Their progress
has been slow, owing to the almost
complete obliteration of the county
road by fallen trees.
Great stretches of timber were laid
waste by the storm. Indians declare
that they have not known a storm of
such fury for at least fifty years.
The waves were blown high at West
port. Cohassett and other settlements,
washing away summer cottages that
we™ built close to the beach.
Gr*.: t anxiety is felt for any vessels
that may have been in the path of the
storm. Residents of Hoquiam say that
it would be almost miraculous for any
craft to survive if struck with the fury
of the storm.
term to you, Mr. Needham, and Mr.
Loud, but I understood, nevertheless,
that this partial recognition of a cour
tesy supposed to be due to the House
members was not satisfactory, and that
therefore, as you have indicated, there
has been no disposition on their part
to offer or to give me the benefit of
their advice in such matters, and so It
has come about that we have been go
ing on with a rigid application of a
general rule, which I think turns out
to be disadvantageous to the public
service and the party to which we have
the honor to belong.
TIME TO MAKE A CHANGE.
"I am glad that your letter opens
the way for me to say to you that, in
view of the occasional instances where
the California Senators have failed to
agree in their recommendations, it is
in my opinion a proper time to make
a chang-e in procedure. There are two
steps by which an appointment is se
cured, namely: First, by a recom
mendation to the President, and next
by confirmation of his nomination by
the Senate.
"It is rarely that the President's
nomination is opposed, and it is to be
presumed that there will be no oppo
sition, except for causes grounded
upon conscientious scruples.
"But having in view that the recom
mendation to the President is the In
itial and important step, I have to
propose that hereafter all matters of
Federal patronage, except in the case
of postofnee appointments not con
firmed bv the Senate, shall be taken
up, for consideration by all Republi
can members from California in both
houses of Congress, at the call or sug
gestion of a Senator, with the under
standing that a decision of the major-
Continued on rage 2, Column 7.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
KOREAN SCENE SHOWING THE MOUNTAINOUS NATURE OF THE REGION: IN. WHICH THE RUSSIAN/AND
JAPANESE LAND FORCES SOON WILL MEET IN A CONFLICT. THAT MAY DECIDE THE MILITARY SU
PREMACY IN THE DISPUTED TERRITORY, x
Russian Torpedo Flotilla Proves In in
Resisting Fresh Attack on Port Arthur.
LONDON, Feb. 23.— Reports of a fresh, attack upon Port Arthur come from various
sources,. but the details are meager and contradictory. The capture^of several Russian torpedo
boats, the sinking of another battleship, a renewal of the bombardment of the town and the acci-.
dental destruction of a couple of destroyers are among- the reported occurrences. In several dis
patches from Chinese sources - two dates are given- for the battle/ but there is an agreement on
one point; namely, that the Russian torpedo [flotilla was in action and was not- well handled. --
Naval officers have expressed surprise v that the Russian flotilla was -not in better-condition
for righting, as the efficiency of this drm of the Japanese service known. The Japan
ese are known to have twelve torpedo-bdat ; destroyers, both .Yarrow and Thorneycroft craft; near
Port Arthur; and reports from .China indicate that there has been a combined attack on the rem
nant of the Russian fleet at a distance of .1 coo yards. " .
' -Military operations receive less attention in special dispatches than ; the naval I attacks. It
is not probable that the censors on either side will allow any ;. important ; revelations until the first
fight. The Russians, instead of retreating from the Yalu River, are ■•reported '; to, '-be". -entrenched ''in
Korea. - /-.."«.*,'; ' ■ .. , . . ' .-,. -I /'^8l|| ■'•■■■■', ■■"■ - V
TOKIO, Feb. 23.— Official and private intimations from.St:;Petersburg ; to;the"'effect that the
Russian Government Has resolved: to abolish the»censorship are received-Here witharhused;incredul
ity. The statements that the Russians expect- no fight- -.worthy,., or "the name -before August and that
they contemplate, withdrawing their main ' army ; from Southern- Manchuria also are /ridiculed: It is
learned from an authoritative source that the -Japanese ihtend : to push the war, with all possible
vigor, and that they 'expect the enemy to ;fesisf;with" : sirriilar spirit !
Continued on Page 3, Columns 2, 3 and 4.
Alcazar — -^*Tte
Wright." >£■ SZ& O £■
Alhambra — "ThexXiltltj", Baafi»
California — "Human, HearCS." i
Central — "Xing' of "tfca Opcom
Btner." "S^. v:,^n
Chutes — Vaudeville. '*»*
Columbia— "Old Homestead?* v
Fischer's — "Boly-Poly."
Grand — "Tae Gamekeeper.'*
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Tlvoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marchinir Home."
LABORERS
DESPOILED
OF SAVINGS
Masked Men Rob Fif
teen Raiuoad
Employes.
Bold Crime -at a Construction
Camp on the San
Pedro Line.
One Victim Loses a Little Hoard Rep
resenting the Net Profits of
Twenty Years of Toil.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
' NEVADA." TF.ebl : 23.— Ff.'f ee r» rai Iroad
laborers were held up and robbed at 3
o'clock this morning by two masked
desperadoes, who obtained booty esti
mated at from $2500 to $3000 and es
caped. A posse headed by Sheriff John
son is in pursuit. -.t» .:
The victims of the holdup were sur
prised while asleep in the boxcar in
which they live. They are employed on
the construction work of the San Pedro.
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad.
They report having lost sums ranging
from 15 cents to S1SO0. > „";"
A pathetic incident of the robbery is
the loss of $1800 by a Mexican laborer.
He had accumulated that sum by care
ful saving during twenty years. He
carried his little hoard In a money belt
strapped around his waist. Down In
San Diego lives the mother of this
workman. He saved to purchase a
home for her. In addition he sent
something to his mother out of his
scanty remuneration every month. He
has offered half of the amount stolen
from him as a reward for its recovery.
The laborers were sound asleep this
morning when the bandits entered the
car, which stands close to the railroad
depot. The robbers commanded the
men to line up against the side of the
car. Then while one of the robbers
kept his revolver pointed at the labor
ers the other went the rounds and
forced each victim to disgorge what
ever of value he had about him. Shirts
were ripped open to get at the money
belts.
Although the robbers were masked
the laborers were "able to give an ex
cellent description of them. Sheriff
Johnson organized a posse and started
in pursuit The bandits have several
hours' start, but the pursuers have
struck the trail and there is strong hope
that they will be captured.
THIEF INVADES SELECT
SCHOOL FOR YOUNG GIRLS
Robs the Rooms Durlnsr Dinner Hour,
Securing; Jewels Valued at
Many Thousands.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23. — Jewel cases
ottned by daughters of some of the
wealthiest families in the East have
been despoiled by a clever burglar,
who obtained entrance to a select
school for young ladies at Pelham
Manor, near this city. The robber
made off with property worth, more
than $3000. j
• The robbery occurred during the
dinner. No one saw th« interloper,
who must have climbed to an upper
story window. He had the house to
himself and calmly went from room
to room, helping himself to diamond
rings, watches and chains by the
dozen.
When the girls returned there was
a mild panic and the police were hur
riedly summoned, but the 1 thief had
Ana.de good his escape.
Warde and James Entertained.
\ SANTA ROSA, Feb. 23. — Santa
Rosa Lodge, B. P. O. E., entertained
Frederick Warde and Louis James this
evening in a hospitable manner. The
entertainment took place after the
theater in the bancuet room of Elks'
Hall. A number of speeches were
made, the principal ones being by
Messrs. Warde and James, a welcome
by Exalted -Ruler and Toastmaster
Allen -B. Lemmon, and short speeches
by a number of prominent Santa
Rosans.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CONVENTION
FOR CANAL
IS RATIFIED
Treaty With Panama
Is Concurred In by
Senate.
Fourteen Democrats Vote
With the Republican
Majority.
Amendment to Compensate Colombia
for Loss of Territory Is E ejected
Alter a Short Debate.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. — The
United States Senate -.to.-^ay ratified
without amendment the treaty wttn.
Panama for a canal across the isthmus
of that name by a vote of 66 to 14.
j The result was a foregone conclusion,
i the interest in the matter being only
In the division of the vote on the
Democratic side, which was not known
definitely until the roll was called, all
the Republicans being for ratification.
Fourteen Democrats voted for ratifica
tion and fourteen against. Two Demo
crats — Clark of Montana and Stone of
Missouri — were paired in favor of the
treaty, and three Democrats — Over
man, JIcLaurin and Martin — -were
paired against It. so in the total vote
sixteen Democrats were for the treaty
and seventeen against it. The Demo
crats who were present and voted for
the treaty were: Bacon, Berry, Clark
of Arkansas, Clay, Cockrell, Foster of
Louisiana, Gibson, Latlmer, McCreary,
McEnery, Mallory, Simmons andTalia
ferro.
The only other vote was on the
amendment offered by Senator Bacon
of Georgia, providing for an arrange
ment to compensate Colombia for the
loss of the territory of Panama. This
was rejected by a vote of 24 to 49.
It was a party vote on the affirmative
side and also on the negative side.
with the exception of Gibson and Mc-
Enery, Democrats, who voted with the
Republicans. Four Democrats were
absent when this vote was taken and
no pairs were announced for them.
Some Republicans also were absent on
this vote.
CULLO5I IS CO3EENDED.
Senators generally commend the
management of the treaty by Senator
Cullom, chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, who has had
charge of the measure during both
the plain and stormy sailing. The
vote was taken much earlier than was
anticipated at first, when its opponents
were vigorously trying to secure
enough votes" to prevent ratification.
The debate in executive session waa
generally on the merits of the treatv.
with reference to the secret paperi
which were sent to the Senate by th«
President. Senator Morgan made a set
speech, which occupied the greater part
of the time. Senator Culberson mad*
comments on the secret correspondenci
and asserted t^hat It showed that th«
"reasonable time" referred to in th«
Spooner act was known to have ex
pired, both for negotiation of the Hay-
Herran treaty *nd Its ratification
Senator Culberson read from a lettei
addressed to Dr. Albert Shaw by th«
President, dated October 10. 1303, ir
which the President said he had m
hope for any negotiations with Colom
bia, and that he would be delighted
should a revolution occur or." the isth
mus.
The closing day's session on the Pan
ama canal treaty opened at 11:15 ti>
day. Bacon of Georgia took the floor ti
explain his vote on the treaty. He" sait
there had been a serious question raisec
as to whether a Senator should b
guided by the wishes of his constituent:
or by his own judgment in voting oi
all important matters of public interest
After giving the question due deliber*
tion, he said, he believed a Senato;
should, listen to the wishes of hi3 Stat
and accordingly he would vote for th>
treaty.
BACON OFFERS AMENDMENT.
At the same time, he said, notwlth
Continued on Page 5, Column 1,2
JAPANESE OFFICERS HANGED BY RUSSIANS AFTER BLOWING UP A RAILROAD BRIDGE
Members of Mikado's Gen
eral Staff Put to an Igno
minous Death.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 23.— The
Japanese who were hanged by the Rus-
Eiar.s in Manchuria after partially suc
ceeding in an attempt to blow up the
railroad bridge over the Sangarl River
were disguised as coolies. They were
arrested just as they were about to
make the attempt. Inquiry revealed
that they were Japanese officers of the
general staff — namely. Colonel Assasi,
of the engineers, and Lieutenants
Zoneloiascja and Kaeurta, of the sap
pers. They were at once hanged from
the gJrderp of the bridge. •
The newspapers of Port Arthur, dated
February 4, reached St. Petersburg to :
day, indicating that they were less than
three weeks in transit. Troop trains
probably require a longer time, on ac
count of the difficulties at Lake Bai
kal, where provisions . and troops are
crossing: both on ice trains and sledges.
The coM is exceedingly severe. ' To-day
36 degrees below was recorded at
Irkutsk and. other places."
Ftories of the sufferings of the troops
in the crossing of the lake are persist
ent. Some reports say 600 men were
frozen, but these lack confirmation, of
ficial or otherwise.
WIKES ARE KEIT OPEN'.
The telegraph is working well. One
Hit?, devoted exclusively, to Government
business, runs direct to Irkutsk, whence
■with a single relay it connects with
St. Petersburg. The Czar recently stood
at the telegraph key and talked with
Viceroy Altxieff, practically uninter-
rupted.
Military men desiring to accompany
the Russian army have been formally
notified that they may proceed when
convenient, but it is added that accom
modations a.nd commissariat supplies
cannot* be guaranteed before March 15.
No authorizations have yet been issued
to war correspondents, and it is im
probable that anything in this direction
will b#> <lono until the concentration of
troops is completed.
The Chinese Minister here has pre
sented to the Foreign Office a note
similar in tenor to that handed to the
Government at Tokio. regarding
China's neutrality and the respect to
be. paid to the imperial tombs. It is
understood that Russia has not made
a specific reply, but communicated to
thf- Minister a copy of it? reply to Sec
retary Hay's note on the subject of
China.
PKOTKST TO THE -NATION'S.
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff yester
day sent the following circular to Rus-
sian representatives abroad:
"Since the rupture of negotiations
between Russia and Japan the attitude
of the Tokio Cabinet has constituted
open violation of all customary laws
governing the mutual declarations of
civilized nations. Without specifying
each particular violation of the laws
on the part of Japan, the imperial
Government considers it necessary
to draw the attention of the
powers to the acts of violence
committed by the Japanese Govern
ment with respect to Korea. The in
dependence and integrity of Korea as
a fully independent empire have been
fully recognized by all the powers and
the inviolability of this fundamental
principle was confirmed by article 1
of the Shimonoseki treaty and by the
agreement for this purpose between
Japan and Germany on January 30,
1902. as well as by the Franco-Rus
sian declaration of March 16, 1902.
"The Emperor of Korea, foreseeing
the danger of a possible conflict be
tween Russia and Japan, addressed
early in January, 1904, a note to all
the powers declaring his intention to
preserve the strictest neutrality. This
declaration was received with satisfac
tion by the powers and it was ratified
by Russia. \
"According to the Russian Minister
to Korea, the British Government
charged the British diplomatic repre
sentative at Seoul to present an of
ficial note to the Emperor of Korea
thanking him for his declaration of.
neutrality.
ACCUSATIONS IX DETAIL.
"In disregard of all these facts, in
epite of all treaties, in spite of its obli
gations and in violation of the funda
mental rules of international law, it
has been proved by exact and fully
confirmed facts that the Japanese
Government:
"First — Before the opening of hos
tilities against Russia, landed its
troops in the independent empire of
Korea, which had declared its neu
trality.
"Second— With a division of its fleet
made a sudden attack on February 8,
that is, three days prior to the declara
tion of war, on two Russian warships
in the neutral port of Chemulpo. The
commanders of these ships had not
been notified of the severance of diplo
matic relations, as the Japanese mali
ciousl3 T stopped the delivery of Russian
telegrams by the Danish cable and de-
Etroyefl the telegraphic communication
of the Korean Government. The de
tails of this dastardly attack are con
tained and published in an official tele
gram from the Russian Minister at
"Third— In spite of the international
laws above mentioned, and shortly be
fore the opening of hostilities, the Jap
anese captured as prizes of war cer
tain Russian merchant ships in neutral
ports of Korea.
SEIZURE OP KOREA. 1
"Fourth— Japan declared to the Em
peror of Korea, through the Japanese
ADVERTISEMENT&
Rheumatism
Does not 1st, go of yon
when you apply lotions or
liniments. It* simply loosens
its hold for a while. Why?
Because to get rid of it you
must corrects the acid con-
dition of the blood on which,
it, depends. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla has cured thousands.
Minister at Seoul, that Korea would
henceforth be under Japanese admin
istration, and she warned the Emperor
that in case of his non-compliance
Japanese troope would occupy the pal
ace. ; • i
-•'Fifth— Through. the French Minister
at Seoul she summoned the Russian
representative at the Korean court to
leave the country, with the staffs of
the Russian legation and consulate,
"Recognizing ajl the above facts
constitute a flagrant breach" of inter
national law, the imperial Government
considers it to be its duty to lodge a
protest with all the powers against thi3
procedure of the Japanese Government,
and it is firmly convinced that all the
powers, valuing the principles which
guarantee their relations, will agree
with the Russian attitude. At the same
time the imperial Government consid
ers It necessary to issue a timely
warning that, owing to Japan's illegal
assumption of power in Koiea, j the
Government declares all. orders and
declarations which may be Issued on
the part of the Korean Government to
be invalid
"I beg- you to communicate this docu
ment to the Governments to which you
are accredited. LAMSDORF.F."
MILITARY EXPERT'S VIEW;
Jeletz, a military expert who is to ac
company General Kuropatkin to the
front and whose opinions are conse
quently of increased value, predicts
that the Japanese will make their base
of operations along the line between
Pingyang and Wusan, Korea, relying
upon protection from their fleet against
a flank attack. The Japanese army
from this line will have to march 200
miles over mountainous country to the
Yalu River, where it will find the Rus
sians strongly intrenched. If it suc
ceeds in forcing this line back it will
find another strong Russian line ex
tending from the Yalu to Mukden. The
Japanese may then divide their forces,
using one-half to hold the Russians in
check while the other half goes south
to besiege Port Arthur. In this event
the Japanese will be liable to a flank
attack by the northern Russian forces
from Kirln
The appointment of Admiral Maka
roff to command the Russian Pacific
fleet has been published in the Gazette,
A Russian correspondent at Port Ar
thur telegraphs that the appointment
of General Kuropatkin to command
Russia's military forces in the Far East
has been received with delight there.
Before leaving Port Arthur, the corre
spondent continues. Viceroy AlexiefC
conferred upon Lieutenant General
Stoeszl all the rights of commander in
the fortified district
The Czar received deputations of pro
vincial assemblies at the Winter Palac«
to-day and received from them ad
dresses of loyalty and patriotism. In
expressing his thanks the Czar said
that in these painful times he found
consolation in such expressions of pa
triotism coming from all the provinces.
MIKADO POSTPONES
HIS DEPARTURE FOR
TEMPORARY CAPITAL
TOKIO. Feb. 23.— The plan arranged
for the Emperor and the imperial head
quarters to move to Kioto has been
temporarily abandoned, and it is now
thought better not to move until after
the closing of the special session of the
Diet, early in April. The inconvenience
of removing the seat of government
and convening the Diet in Kioto is the
reason assigned for the change in plan.
Small interest is 'manifested in the
forthcoming general election. The war
overshadows all political questions Just
now. The country is united politically,
and it is expected that the new Diet
will fully support the Government and
cordially approve all measures concern
ing the war.
The Mikado to-day received in audi
ence Captains Lee and • Paynter and
Lieutenant Boyle of the British navy
and thanked them for navigating the
Japanese armored cruisers Nisshin and
Kasaga from Genoa, Italy, to Japan.
The Mikado conferred upon them v the
Order of the Rising Sun and presented
them with gjfts of silver and lacquer
work from the imperial collection. The
foreign crew of the Nisshin will sail
for home on the steamship Siberia from
Tokohama, by way of San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA, Feb. 23.— Police and
other officials and Interpreters have left
Tokio for Myake Island, southeast of
the Idzu peninsula, where twelve Rus
sians recently landed from two boats,
declaring they had been shipwrecked,
but carrying arms and photographic
cameras. The captain and two of the
crew of another shipwrecked party that
landed on the north coast have been
Brought to Yokohama and turned over
to the French Consul.
WHY GREAT BRITAIN
BOUGHT BATTLESHIPS
BUILT FOR CHILE
LONDON, Feb. 23.— During a discus
sion in the House of Commons to-day
of the supplementary naval estimates,
amounting to $6,350,000, the secretary of
the Admiralty, Prettyman, replying to
criticism ofjthe Government for having
purchased the two Chilean battleships
built in Great Britain (but not deliv
ered owing to the disarmament conven
tion between Chile and Argentina), an
nounced that the two vessels had been
acquired at the cost of armored cruis
ers, and said the Government thereby
would be to curtail the con
struction programme for 1904, laying
down only two new battleships instead
of three, as previously intended. Had
the Chilean ships passed into the hands
of another power, the secretary contin-;
ued, ' the balance of naval strength
would have been seriously affected. ••
NEW YORK. Feb. 23. — Clement' A. Grlscom
resigned to-ni^ht a« pretident of the Interna
tional Mercantile. Marine Company, and J. B.
lemay. the managing director of the 'White
Star Hne. »m elected • to . succeed .irtm. . -
WASHINGTON. Feb. * 23.— It . has" been ten
tatively decided that Rear Admiral George A.
Convene, - chief of -the Bureau of Equipment :
shall Buceeed" Rear Admiral Charles O'Neill
•s -chief of the Bureau of r***nmnt>m. when that
officer retires next month. • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
France Claims Japan
Violated the Law
of Nations.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— Russia. has the sym
pathetic support of France in the
former's latest representation to the
powers that Japan is guilty of a viola
tion of international law in conse
quence of the attacks ■ upon the Rus
sian warships at Pprt Arthur and Che
mulpo before the declaration of W.
No intention exists in official circles to
take up the Russian note on the sub
ject -with the view of urging action by
the powers, and it is said that nothing
effective could be dene in this direction.
France was satisfied from the first of
the unjustifiability of the Japanese ac
tion, and is anxious that the other
powers should come to appreciate the
enormity of the offense.
In this connection attention is called
to the occupation of Korea by Japa
nese troops. It is pointed out that in
spite of the declaration of Korean neu
trality, which was communicated to all
the neutral powers as well . as to, the
belligerents, Japan has not hesitated to
throw troops into Korea and to estab-
lish a base there.
The tcne on the Bourse to-day was
exceptionally firm, with an upward
tendency, many securities regaining the
ground lost during the heavy decline on
Saturday.
FKANCE 3IAY PROTEST.
It is suggested In diplomatic circles
that France, which has been charged
•with the protection of Russian interests
in Korea, could properly make objec
tion to the Japanese action, but nothing
of this kind has yet been done. The
French legation in Jgeoul is in charge
of the secretary and interpreter, the
Minister being in Paris on leave of ab
sence, and the Foreign Office is show
ing no inclination to order his immedi-
ate return.
At the Korean legation here to-day
It was said that Korea had declared
her. neutrality from the outset and
that, therefore, if rW Japanese occu
pied Korean .territory and purposed
marching through Korea on their way
to Manchuria it was not with Korea's
assent, but because she was unable to
prevent it. The legation officials added
that the 50,000 stands of arms recently
ordered by Korea from France would
remain at Hongkong -for the present;
in order that they may not 1 ' be seized
by the Japanese.';. , ►
Nothing is known at" the French
Foreign Office regarding the report that
the Russian Embassador ,■ to ~;Great
Britain, Count Benckendorff, had gone
to St. Petersburg with important pro
posals, from King Edward in the.dlrecr
tion of peace. So far as Russia is'^ con
cerned it is said that she:.. would- T)e
willing to accept overtures on a reason
a'ble basis, but it is believed that Japan!
having engaged -.in the war,V will . not
wi^idraw until she has .conquered.
Therefore, If any mediation' proposal
has been advanced, which Is 'considered
doubtful, it not expected to be suc
cessful or satisfactory.
PREPARING FOR EMERGENCY.
Concerning' the dispatch of French
naval and; military reinforcements to
Indo-China, it is authoritatively stated
that these steps taken are simply in
accordance with the programme adopt
ed two years ago, but -which the Min
ister of Marine failed to 'carry, outi:
Alive to the possibilities growing, out
of the war the Ministry determined
that the immediate ; execution of the
programme" should take j place and Pel
etan, the 31Inister.of Marine, . is acting
in this sense.
Premier Combes announced * at" the
council of Ministers . to-day, the post
ponement of the; interpellation of Fir,
rain Faure (Nationalist)' concerning the
alleged - insufficiency of French naval
representation at the seat of waY The
postponement was due ! mainly/to the
Government's desire to put off a par-.
LAST CLIMB ON THE ROAD TO LING-TIT— A SCENE THAT PICTURES
THE AWFUL HARDSHIPS ENDURED BY THE BRITISH EXPEDI
TION WHICH HAS PENETRATED TIBET.
Continental Europe Gives Its Moral Suppor
to the Russians.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New, York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by
the New York Herald Publishing 'Company.
BERLIN. Feb. 23.— The German pa
pers' to-day contained no news from
the seat of war and carefully refrained^
from any indication of Germany's atti
tude. On the other hand, they devote
great space to the attitude of other
countries and to the naval and military
preparations which they represent are
going on everywhere except '. in Ger-
many.
A correspondent of the Berliner Tage
blatt telegraphs that by word of com
mand the Italian press, which has hith
erto been most favorable to Japan,' has
suddenly swung around and . become
pronouncedly Russophile. ■. The same
paper's Madrid correspondent continues
to report that military and naval meas
ures are being taken to protect strate
gic points of the Spanish coast from a
sudden attack. Spain also is reported
to have increased her forces on the
Portuguese frontier, though no reason
is given for this, i •
The correspondent further states that
Spanish public opinion also is coming
round to the side of Russia, and quotes
an article from the Imparclal in which
it is declared that victory for Russia is
absolutely desirable from the point of
view of Spanish interests.
The' Post to-day confirms the report
of the Call's St. Petersburg correspond
ent 33 to the changes which have taken
llumentary debate which was likely to
cause general agitation regarding
France's attitude toward Russia.
Muravieff's Sneecli Offends Japan.
THE HAGUE, Feb. 23.— The Japan
ese Minister has asked his Govern
ment for instructions in regard to the
speech of Murayieff, the president of
the arbitration tribunal and . Russian
Minister of Justice, yesterday (after
he had announced the decision of The
Hague arbitration tribunal in favor of
the powers, and against
Venezuela), with a view of lodging, a
protest. It is declared here that the
Government of The Netherlands is
not competent to receive such com
plaint. . . V .v ■;■■;'
Pass Through Suez Canal.
PORT SAID, Egypt, Feb. 23.— The
Russian transport ': Orel, > with 1227
troops on , board, .and; the Smolensk,
laden , with ammunition and . prbvls-*
ions, I both /arrived here •; to-day ; from
Suez and will proceed, for Odessa dur
ing the day.
Musicians to Accompany Troops.
KHARKOFF, , European Russia.
Feb.-, 23.— Bands of strolling musi
cians, many of . . whonj . are : blind . and
place' in Constantinople with regard to
Russia. M the beginning of the war
the feeling in Turkey was undoubtedly
unfriendly to Russia and seemed to
Justify the view that the Sublime Porte
may have been disposed to profit by a
Russian reverse. In the last few days,
however, declares the Post (which it
must ' be remembered is here regarded
as a semi-official organ), a great change
ha! taken place in the attitude of Tur
key. In Turkish Government circles the
greatest reserve is now shown in dis
cussing the situation, and when any
opinion is expressed it is friendly to
Russia. The Constantinople press has
been ordered to abstain from any re
marks on news from the seat of war.
The budget committee of the Reich
tag to-day approved the Far Eastern
appropriation of $3,500,000 after a de
bate in which Herr Richard Mueller
(Center party) urged the Government
to withdraw the German troops from
Chinese territory under the interna
tional agreement.
The commanders of the German war
ships in the Far East have been in
structed to send to the home Govern
ment full reports regarding matters
•that may come under theL observa
tion; hence the warships will visit, ac
cording to the admiral's assignments,
all ports where there is anything wor
thy of observatioi- or Inquiry.
who sing Russian folk songs, are leav
ing for the Far East for the purpose
of reminding the young soldiers of
the exploits, of their ancestors. These
musicians always accompanied Rus
sian armies in the* olden times.
Adds to Russian War Fund.
POLTAVA, Russia. Feb. 23. — The
Provisional Assembly has voted $123,
000 to strengthen the Russian navy,
$12,500, for the Red Cross movement
and $12,500 for the families of Rus
sian soldiers and sailors who fall in
battle.
Don Jnime to Go to the War.
ROME, Feb. 23.— Don Jaime of
Bourbon, son of Don Carlos, the Span
ish Pretender, having asked the Czar
to be sent to the scene of action in
the Far East, has come to Rome and
was received to-day by the Pope in
private audience.
TRENTON. N. J.. Feb. 23.— A receiver has
been appointed for the Frankfort Steel Com
pany of Philadelphia, with liabilities of $S0,00O.
Assets, not given. -The company was organized
with a, capital of $2oO,000 to manufacture and
deal "in iron and steel.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drupelets refund the money If It falls to cure.
E- W. Grove's signature la on each box. 35c. *,
Russians Expect to Crush
Their Foe in the Orient
Within Six Months.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 23.— General
Sakharoff, chief of staff of the military
district of Turkestan, has been appoint
ed to act as Minister of War during
the absence of General Kuropatkin.
whose appointment to command the
Russian military forces in the Far East
was gazetted yesterday.
"The war will end in August or Sep
tember, in the complete defeat of the
I Japanese," said a high authority in in
timate touch with the Russian war
plans, whose opinion can be taken
faithfully to represent the belief in the
highest official quarters. He added:
"How the Japanese can hope to suc
ceed when our army in the Far Ea3t
is strengthened to a point equal or
superior in numbers to that of our
adversaries we are honestly unable to
comprehend. It will not be difficult to
place two, four or even six hundred,
thousand additional men in the field if
necessary. When our forces are con
centrated and ready they will finish by
driving the Japanese Into the sea.
"Frankly, it seems to us that the I
Japanese either have utterly failed to
appreciate Russia's resources or have
counted on the aid of Great Britain or
the United States, neither of which j
powers ever contemplated becoming in
volved. So far as Great Britain is con
cerned, we do not believe any halluci
nations existed there. We think the
British statesmen who did so much to
push Japan into war realized that with
Japan's defeat they would accomplish
two things for Great Britain— first, to
give Russia a check— for, of course,
the war must impede our progress tem
porarily; second, to cripple Japan'3
maritime power, which was beginning
to be greatly felt in the Pacific.
RUSSIA T9 BIDE IIER TIME.
"It can be said with the utmost pos
itiveness that Russia will bide her time
and will act on the defensive until she
is confident that her weight of numbers
will leave no doubt as to the result.
Reinforcements are going forward at
the rate of 3000 per day. Probably some
time will elapse before Russia feels
prepared to assume the offensive.
"The conviction is growing here in of
ficial circles that in spite of Japanese
denials the Japanese fleet was severely
crippled off Port Arthur in the engage
ment which began on February 8. The
Admiralty has no direct official infor
mation to support this except the man
ner in which the Japanese abandoned
the attack at the end of forty-five min
utes. It is pointed out at the Admir
alty that two weeks have now elapsed
without the whereabouts of the Japa
nese fleet being definitely reported, and
the opinion is gaining ground that it
has gone to a Japanese port for re
pairs."
He pointed out also that it had al
ways been the Japanese policy to an
nounce only, victories, adding:
"We know they sustained losses in
the China war which were never ad
mitted."
STATUS OF KUROPATKIX. ; V.
General Kuropatkin will not leav# for
another fortnight. In the meantime he
is going to his country estate to bid
farewell to his relatives. His status
has not yet been fully settled. By the
terms of his appointment the general
will command the Manchurian army,
subject to Viceroy Alexieff. but his
powers probably will be extended to
include the troops north of Manchuria.
The official view of the status is that
Viceroy Alexieft will remain in supreme
command, but the Viceroy being a
sailor General Kuropatkin will be ap
pointed his lieutenant for the army, as
Admiral Makaroff is for the navy.
The Viceroy's departure from Port
Arthur was not due to apprehension of
the possibility of its Investment, but
simply to the requirements of the
strategical situation, so as to enable
him to direct the operations now in
progress along the line of the Korean
frontier from a more central point. Pos
sibly he will not remain at Mukden,
but will go from place to place as cir-
cumstances demand.
Speaking on the subject of the pos
sible investment of Port Arthur, the
military authorities here do not be
lieve the Japanese will attempt to
make a landing in force on the Liao
tung peninsula. They say there is
nothing the Russians would like bet
ter, as such an attempt is doomed to
certain failure. The authorities here
assert that the southern portion of the
peninsula is strongly guarded and that
the northern shore presents insuper
able obstacles. The only chance for
the Japanese, it is claimed, would be
to march down from Korea, but to do
this, it is added, they must first de
feat the Russian army on the Manchu
rian side of the Yalu River and, even
if successful, they would be face to
face with an impregnable stronghold.
ALEXIS REMAIN'S AT HOME.
Grand Duke Alexis (uncle of the
Czar and high admiral) has reconsid
ered his determination to go to the
Far East. He Is extremely anxious to
go, but the Grand Duke felt that his
duties here would necessitate his re-
maining in St. Petersburg.
The Russian Government has no of
ficial confirmation of the report that
the foreign commanders at Chemulpo,
except the commander of the United
States gunboat Vicksburg, protested
against the Japanese entering the har
bor of Chemulpo. A preliminary re
port from Captain Roudnif of the
sunken Russian armored cruisr Va
rlag, the senior officer, says Admiral
Uriu served notice that if the Rus
sians did not come out he would "or
der" the foreign ships to leave the
harbor. Extended reports have been
mailed by Viceroy Alexieff.
The Russian squadron, under the
command of Admiral Wirenius (com
posed of the battleship Oslabya, the
armored cruiser ' Dmitri Donskoi, the
cruiser Aurora and five torpedo
boats), which has been ordered to re
turn north imediately from Jibuti],
French Somal Hand, will go to Libau.
Courland, on the Baltic, and not to
Cronstadt, as previously reported.
Major Machida Returning to Japan.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 23.— Among
the passengers sailing to-day on the
Empress of- China for Yokohama was
Major Machida, military attache to the
Japanese legation atJSt. Petersburg, re
called by his Government. Mlnihui Cho.
recently Korean Minister at Washing
ton, also was a passenger.
Crimean Railroad Work Stopped.
TALLA. Crimea, Feb. 23.— The build
ing of the railroad along the southern
shore of the Crimea with state funds
has been postponed on account of the
war.
"Witte May Sneered Lamsdorff.
PARIS, Feb. 24.— The Paris edition of
the New York Herald asserts that For
eign Minister Lamsdorff wants to re
sign and that Witte will succeed him.
■WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— A favorably re
port was authorized to-day by the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs Riving the srade of
'•major" to fifteen army chaplains for "ill3
tinguished servlos."
SENATOR BARD'S HARMONY PLAN
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
ity of Republican members of the
House delegation and at least one
Senator shall indicate thi choice of
the delegation, and that no recom
mendation contradicting: such choice
shall be made by the minority or anj*
member of it. It la to be understood,
however, that the Senators reserve the
right to object to the confirmation of
any person so recommended, but such
right will be exercised only under a
conviction of plain duty.
RESTS XOW WITH PEHKIXS.
"I shall enter into the arrangement
with a resolution, so far as my vote
in conference is concerned, to adhere
to certain policies which have gov
erned me heretofore In matters of of
ficial patronage, and are probably
known to the delegation; but of
course I have no right to request
any one to adopt the same policies for
his guidance.
"This proposition is made subject
to the concurrence of Senator Per
kins, wh+ch is, of course, absolutely
necessary to make it of any effect
whatever, and also with the proviso
that for the present at least it
shall not apply to pending cases re
lating, to the Naval Officer of Customs
and the Register of the United States
Land Office In San Francisco.
"If this should meet with your ap
proval and the approval of your Re
publican colleagues from California in
the House of Representatives, pleas*
advise Senator Perkins and • me.
Yours' very truly,
"THOMAS R. BARD."
DR. SHOOP'S EEMEDIES.
WHAT TEA DOES TO
RHEUMATICS.
"When you next take tea, think of thla.
Tea contains 175 grains of Uric Add
In every pound.
Meat contains only &▼• to ■even
grains.
Rheumatism is Uric Acid In the blood.
Uric Acid accumulates from food whea
the digestive apparatus cannot create
enough AlkaJlne elements (lik-> soda) to
neutralise it.
This Acid collects urea, or wom-«ut
■waste matter, from the system.
That Urea enters the blood when Alka-
line action has not previously dis-
solved it.
By and by the waste matter reaehe*
the joints and muscles, through circula-
tion of the blood.
There it gradually deposits in solid
particles, like granulated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
the joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
This grinding causes irritation mnd
pain.
These In turn may develop inflamma-
tion and swelling. That inflammation
jbestirs Nature to help herself.
' She proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
ticle* over with cushions of pulpy mu-
cous, like the erst healing strata of an
outer sore.
This pulpy covering grows to th«
bones, as well as to the particles deposit-
ed. There it hardens like- plaster or
sealing wax. Then we have "bony
joints, ' almost inflexible, and usually
fixed in a bended position, from the pain
and inflammation.
That is Rheumatism at Its worst.
It Is bad enough before It gets that
far.
There is but one sure way 4 of enrin<
Rheumatism. The first step is to neutral-
ize the Uric Add already tn the system.
Next, to dissolve, and carry away, tho
hard deposits that grind between the
Joints. Then get the digestive apparatus
into such healthy condition that it will,
unaided, produce less Uric Add. and
more Alkaline*.
This is what Doctors generally have
failed to do.
It is what I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, and achieved only after man?
failures and thousands of experiments.
At last I found, in Oermany. a Solvent
which was not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to use.
Few agents powerful enough to be ef-
fective In Rheumatism are safe.
• My discovery, now called "Dr. Snoop's
Rheumatic Cure," acts directly, but in-
ternally, upon Uric Acid in the joints
and muscles.
It dissolves, and carries off. the pain-
ful deposits, producing an immediate Al-
kaline condition of the blood, and neu-
tralizing the Acid in it which would
have fed the Rheumatism and extended
the disease.
It won't restore bony joints to flexibil-
ity, and it can't undo, in a week, tha
damage caused by years of rheumatic
condition.
But it will benent every case, and it
will entirely cure most cases of Rheuma-
tism.
So sure am I of thjs. that I will supply
Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic Cure, to any side
one who writes me for it. on a month's
trial, at my risk.
If it succeeds, the cost to htm is only
J5.50 for the six bottle treatment.
If it fails. I bear 'the whole cost my-
self.
And — he alone shall be the jud»« —
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will not continue to suffsf
when you can thus get well, at my risif.
I have written an important Treatise
on Rheumatism, telling of its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic people.
"Write me a post card for it to-day.
Address Dr. Snoop, box 3630, Racine,
wis.
P. S. — Simple cases q/ten yield to one
bottle of Dr. Shoot's Rheumatic Cure.
(Druggists St.) But all druggists do
not supply it on a month's trial. Yo*
must write to me for that. C. I.S+OPPOSING ARMIES ARE ADVANCING AND BATTLE IS NEARING
Japanese Troops
Land at Many
Points.
Pingyang Will Be
the Scene of
Combat.
kON'DON*. Tfh. 24.— Cabling from
OWu on February 23 a correspondent
<?f thf» Morning- Post says 40,C»u0 more
Japanese troops have landed at Che
mulpo, and that he has confirmation of
the roport that some Japanese have
landed at Pigeon Bay and others at
TaJienwan. and that an engagement
cxrurred on the nieht of February 12.
The correspondent at Seoul of the
r>aily Mail reports a panic at Ping
yang, Korea, which Is regarded as her
alding the approach of the opposing
armies.
According to the standard's corre
spondent at Seoul the Japanese bom
riarded Port Arthur at Intervals be
tween the Sth and the 14th of February,
causing, however, only slight damage.
Special dispatches from St. Peters
.r>urg: pive various sensational reports
of a x>olitlcal nature. The Telegraph,
for Instance, saj-s the Russian Govern
ment has ordered its Kmhassador in
Constantinople to obtain the permission
of the Porte for the- exit of the Black
Sra f.eet, but Zinovieff. the Embassa
dor, declined to make this request, and
•was able to give the Russian Foreign
Office conclusive reasons for his re
fusaL 4-
A correspondent of the Times at Wel
riaiwei eays he hears that all the me
chanics at Port Arthur, Dalny and
Vladivostok are Chinese, and that It Is
Impossible lor the Russians to repair
their damaged warships.
In a dispatch from Tokio a corre
spondent of the Times says some hun
dreds of Cossacks reached Chenju,
thirty miles south of the Yalu River,
on the afternoon of February 20. Thirty
troopers crossed the river at Kazan the
Fame evening, thus arriving within
forty-five miles of Pingyang, Korea.
It Is understood that the Japanese
Diet will meet in the middle of March
for the introduction of the war budget.
The rumor that the Russian Vladi
vostok F<juadron has again put to sea
lacks confirmation.
\o Labels Allowed on Ballots.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23. — Under a de
ripion to-day in the Board of Election
commissioners of Cook County pri
rr.r>.ry election ballots marked with the
union label or any other device will
hereafter, if cast, be treated as void
and not counted. Attorney Wheelock
of the board had been asked to give
.->.n opinion as to whether the label of
the Allied Printing Trades Council or
any similar device or label should be
allowed on the ballots. His opinion
was absolutely against the label and
ihis »as n<iopt«rd by the board.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• AN UXPLKASANT i.:XPFJRIENXE.
Has it ever been your unhappy lot to
be told by your physician that you
must go to a hospital to submit to an
operation? I? so, you remember with
what dread and shrinking you awaited
• the day when you must endure the
knife.
The present day surpeon appears to
b«* possessed by a mania for operating,
especially ln cases of hemorrhoids or
piles, and while the greater number of
' the profession do not recommend this
•'last resort" unless they honestly be-
lieve it necessary, the fact remains
that much needless operating is done,
and the patient put to much expense
and suffering— for what?
To obtain a possible temporary re-
lief; these words are used advisedly,
because in nine cases out of ten the
affliction returns and the patient is
Just where he started from. Oftentimes
he could be cured much more simply
and easily by the use of such a remedy
as the Pyramid Pile Cure; this has
rome to be recognized as the best rem-
edy on the market for the painful dis-
rase named, and the druggists now sell
more of it than all ether pile remedies
combined.
The writer personally knows people
who were afflicted with the worst form
of bleeding -and protruding piles and
■who were permanently cured by the
use of Pyramid Pile Cure. In every one
of these cases the attending physician
had assured the sufferer that only by
an operation could he rid himself of
the disease; so much for the infallibil-
ity of the doctors.
This remedy, which is sold by all
druggists at the low price of fifty
• rents, is in suppository form, is applied
directly to the parts affected, and per-
forms its work quietly and painlessly.
The Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
will mail free to any address a book
telling all about piles or hemorrhoids,
their cause and cure.
A pugsestion is offered that if the
reader is afflicted, or knows any one
•uho is, this book be sent for, as it will
be found invaluable.
'« KATONAH' 7 |
cluett" brand I
CUARTCR SIZES. 26 CENTS EACH M
CLUETT, PEABODV 4. CO., J^
' Good tea, good coffee, best
baking-powder, best flavoring
extracts, best spices, pure soda, i
at fair prices and moneyback j
" Schilling's Best, at you: 1
*
grocer's. - '-
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S WAR NEWS.
Russia has sent a formal protest to the powers against what she regards as Japan's
violation of the neutrality of Korea. She alleges that the attack on the Russian warships in
Chemulpo harbor before the formal declaration of war was 1 in disregard of all treaties and obli
gations and in violation of the fundamental rules of international law. Japan now having as
sumed the administration of Korea, Russia will ignore all actions of the Korean Government.
The Russian commander of the gunboat Mandjur persists in refusing to leave Shanghai
to fall into the hands of the Japanese, though under the law of neutrality China has ordered
him to do so. China has now ordered two cruisers to that port to eject the Russian. Japan
threatened to take decisive steps if China did not. The United States squadron is assem-
Japan places no credence in the St. Petersburg advices to the effect that Russia will be
in no hurrv to strike the first decisive blow on land. Tokio's tacticians believe that these
statements are given out to "deceive the enemy," while forces are pushing jnto Korea
and strengthening their positions in Southern Manchuria. Whether Russia wills it or not, ac
cording to Japanese advices, there will be land fighting very soon.
The Vladivostok squadron is reported to have returned to that port, whence it will
not venture again until there is an improvement in weather conditions, the four cruisers hav
ing encountered a terrific gale at sea.
Chefu advices report that trains earning troops are arriving at Port Arthur every, ten
minutes, and that reinforcements are being "hurried forward to the Yalu River d^ily.
It develops that the three Japanese hanged, by Russians in Manchuria for attempting
to blow up a railroad bridge were officers of the general staff disguised as Chinese coolies.
Reports of further fighting at Port Arthur have been received in London and Berlin.
PORT ARTHUR TORPEDO FLOTILLA
POORLY HANDLED BY ITS CREWS
Decisive engagements are expected in North Korea >vithin a few days, although the
deep snow has made progress much slower than was at first expected. The fact that the Russians
are indulging in lugubrious manifestos and otherwise feigning monetary helplessness, instead of put
ting the Japanese off their guard and leading them into rash experiments, is moving them to added
caution.
CHEFU, Feb. 23. — Trains of twelve cars, each with eighty soldiers aboard, are now arriv
ing at Port Arthur every ten minutes. Reinforcements are being hurried forward to the Yalu from
the station at Laicheng. The railway administration has stationed two trains, each of eighteen
cars, at Dalny, to remove to the north the hospitals, officials and workmen should the Japanese bom
bard the city.
Mines have been laid at Dalny seventeen miles from the shore. . Neutral vessels which ar
rived after hostilities began experienced great difficulty in clearing from that port. Their, captains
were not allowed to have charge of the vessels until they had entirely passed the mines, naval offi
cers doing the piloting. A Chinese steamship which cleared last night from Dalny was subjected to
a severe search on her arrival.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 23. — Non-combatants who are reaching Harbin from Vladivostok
report that the fortress town is under martial law. Food is scarce"and high; .business is suspended,
and the civilian element is leaving the city. Everybody fears a sudden attack by Japanese.
Fugitives say that the Vladivostok cruiser squadron returned to port after a terrible experi
ence in a snowstorm and gale. It is doubtful if it will venture to sea again until the weather has
permanently improved.
Further evidence is at hand that the Chinese National, or Pan-Mongolian, party is organiz
ing a formidable campaign against the Russians, dependent mainly -on the expected defeat of the
Muscovites in the coming military struggle. The chunchus, the daring organized robber bands from
Mongolia, are daily harassing and often attacking and beating Cossack railway guards. The ma
rauders are equipped with arms*, which prove their indebtedness to the Japanese. The Russian au
thorities are yi fear of and are preparing to cope with a possible rising of the Manchurian popu
lation due to the stimulus of the chunchus.
HARBIN NEWSPAPER
CHRONICLES EVENTS
IN WAR DISTRICT
PARIS, Feb. 24.— In a dispatch
from Harbin, Manchuria, a corre
spondent of the Matin says am
bulances are being sent in there from
all parts of Russia and that the Baltic
railroad has supplied a sanitary train
for 200 wounded.
The Novikrai continues to appear
occasionally at Port Arthur, but only
one compositor remains in town. The
issue of last week contained an order
by General Stroezsl reprimanding
drunkenness and luxury among the
soldiers and ordering the band to play
twice a week; telegrams from Viceroy
Alexioff to the commanders, sending
detachments of troops to Manchuria;
a telegram from Cossacks of the Amur
to the Czar affirming their devotion;
details of the loss of the Russian tor
pedo transport Yenisei; a. declaration
of thanks to the Czarina for her initia
tive in sending clothing to the soldiers;
an article on the Japanese in Korea,
with an account of their plans to con
duct landing operations with Sasebo
us a base; an acount of the handing
over of the Yinkow forts to the
'French; extracts from the Japanese
Weekly Chronicle to the effect that it
would be easy to' drive the Russians
out of the country once the railroad
was destroyed, and an offer made by
Madame Outsoff to succor the wound
ed of the Russian cruiser Pallada, as
well as the widows and orphans of
the men killed.
A dispatch from Port Arthur, pub
lished in Paris this morning, categori
cally denies the reports of a new at
tack by Japanese torpedo-boats and
says they have been repulsed with loss
every time they appeared in the road
stead.
A number of volunteers are coming
Into Port Arthur.
Shipping Men Declare Peace.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Peace has
been declared between the Pacific Coast
Company and the lumber schooner
owners, and the big Seattle corpora
tion, which owns the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, will not enter the
lumber business in Southern Califor
nia. One cargo is on the way from Pu
get Sound to San Pedro, but by the
terms of an agreement reached to-day
between Manager Pearce of the Pa
cific Coast Company and some of the
independent owners, that cargo of
lumber will be sold entire upon its ar
rival. ;\p-
Wrecked Schooner Is Breaking Up.
ASTORIA. Or.. Feb. 23.— The Govern
ment observer at North Head reports
to-night that the ill-fated lumber
schooner Frank W. Howe, which went
ashore Monday morning, broke in
twain during the day and is going to
pieces fast. The rescued crew are be
ing cared for on the beach and do not.
appear to have suffered much from
their exposure.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALIJ, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY ' 24, 1904. 6^ r — -.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3, 4 and 5.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postal Changes Are Made and War
Department Issues Many Orders.
for Western Division.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.—Postmas
ters commissioned, Presidential: Cali
fornia — Martin C. Beens, Fort Jones;
James E. Olmstead, Petaluma. "Wash
ington — William M. Clemenson, Clarks
ton; Oscar C. Truax, Tekoa. Fourth
class Dostofflces: Idaho — Ezekeal Lee,
Iona. Oregon — Herbert Rose, Denio.
Washington — Thomas M. Askren, Car
bonado.
Postmasters changed: California—
Craftonville, San Bernardino County,
Nathan A. Johnson, vice Ernest C.
Morse, resigned. Oregon — Leona, Doug
las County, J. J. Kenny, vice Thomas
E. Bledsoe, resigned. Washington-
Waterloo, Stevens County, Herbert E.
The'w, vice Effle E. French, resigned.
The Postmaster General has appoint
ed as carriers, to commence service on
March 1, on which date free delivery
service will be Inaugurated at Palo
Alto. Cal.: Guy Miller and George Wil
liams, carriers; Lewis C. Martin, sub
stitute. G. W. White of Los Angeles and
Louis Semple of Napa have been ap
pointed railway mail clerks.
Special orders of the War Department
— The following changes In stations
and duties of officers of the medical
department are ordered: Colonel Alfred
C. Girard, assistant surgeon general!
having reported his arrival at San
Francisco In compliance with orders
heretofore issued, will report to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for duty as chief surgeon
of that department, to relieve Lieuten
ant Colonel George H. Torney. deputy
surgeon general. Colonel Torney upon
being thus relieved will report to the
commanding general of the. Department
of California t for assignment to the
command of the United States army
general hospital at the Presidio, to re
lieve Major William P. Kendall, sur
geon.
Major Kendall, upon being thus re
lieved, will proceed to Ord Barracks,
California, and*report to the command
ing officer, at that post for duty and
by letter to the commanding general
of the Department of California.
Major William E. BIrkheimer, gen
eral staff, is relieved from duty in this
city, and will proceed to San Fran
cisco and report . to the commanding
general, Pacific Division, for duty as
assistant chief of staff in that division.
First Lieutenant Samuel M. Water
house, assistant surgeon, is relieved
from duty on the transport Logan and
from further duty [ in the Phlippines
division, and will proceed from San
Francisco to Fort Worden, Washing
ton, and report to the commanding of
ficer for duty and by letter to the com
manding general. Department of the
Columbia-
First-class Private Robert J. Me-
Mahan, Hospital Corps, Fort Wayne,
Mich., will be sent without delay to
Fort McDowell, California, and will
report, upon arrival, to commanding
officer Hospital Corps, who will send
CONSULS TO ASSERT
NEUTRALITY OF CITY
HELD BY RUSSIANS
YINKOW, Feb. 23.— The Consuls have
decided on concerted action looking to
the neutralization of Newchwang. They
will, however, endeavor to secure an
expression of Russian official opinion
before acting further.
An authoritative Japanese report says
that 100 Japanese refugees sent to Port
Arthur had not been accounted for up
to February 19. Persistent refusal of
official information complicates United
States Consul Miller's difficulties.
An officer of the Russian intelligence
department is leaving for Peking and
the interior of China for the purpose
of reporting on the atttitude of the Chi
nese.
MUST STAND TRIAIj
FOR ins MISCONDUCT
Denver Man, Who Is Said to Have
Robbed a "Widow, Is Arrested
at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23. — George C.
Martin, for whom Denver officers have
been searching for months, was arrest
ed here to-day as a fugitive from Jus
tice. He was once a prominent min
ing broker in the Colorado capital and
nearly a year_jtgo, it is charged, he se
cured $400 from Mrs. Ada Atkinson
to invest in mining property. Instead
of investing the money he is alleged to
have kept it and fled from Colorado.
The woman is the head of a large fam
ily of children and the money repre
sented the savings of years, and was
earned by her taking in washing. Mar
tin went to Mexico, but a few months
ago came to Los Angeles and opened a
mining office. He was located." but the
arrest was not made until a Denver
officer arrived here with a requisition.
He will be taken back to Colorado to
morrow.
0
him to Manila, Philippine Islands, on
Government transport sailing from San
Francisco on or about March 1, 1904.
Upon arrival at Manila he will re
port to the commanding general,
Philippines Division, for assignment to
duty.
Patents Issued: California — Drury D. and J.
O. Bailey. Banner, rock-breaker and pulver
izer: Charles Bankey, San Francisco, thresh
ing machine: Walter J. Bell, assignor of one
half to L. F. .Moss, Los Angeles, multlplo
switch operating mechanism, also electrto
rAimp for switching mechanism; James Black
and F. B. Smith. San Francisco, can body ma
chine; Henry B. Cary. Los Angeles, combined
calipers, T square and scale; Charles A. Cleal
Cacitola, roundabout; Augustus S. Cooper!
Oakland, obtaining ■. gas from wells; Julius jj
Alexander, Walnut Grove, support for butrcy
top; Patrick F. Dundon, San Francisco, timber
heating Droceos: Budrew Howe, Olema. read
inR stand: Luther Look, apsienor to'- New
Standard Concentrator Company, Los An
geles, centrlfucal pump; William A. Merralls.
San Francisco, multiple stamp motor; Charles
H.. Pierce, Alma, railroad velocipede; John D
Ross. Lbs Angeles, nozzle for sprinkler: John
P. Schmitz. San Francisco, reciprocatory cold
separator; S. H. Shelley, San Jose, fruit pitter*
Charles H. Inow, Stockton, magazine gun'
"William D.Watkins,. assignor to WaUclns
Manufacturing Company, San Jose, telephone
selecting device.
Germany Regards
War in Balkans
as Certain.
Large Order for
Rifles Placed by
Bulgaria.
BERLIN, Feb. 23.— The conviction of
the German Government that war be
tween Bulgaria and Turkey is within
measureable possibilities increases. The
war In the Far East, it is asserted, has
changed the temper of the Turks from
acquiescence in the reform plans of the
powers in Macedonia positive In
tractability. The Bulgarian Govern
ment four days after 'the outbreak of
the war placed an order with Loewe &
Co., the Mauser rifle and cartridge
makers, of Berlin, which order was
doubled Friday last. Loewe & Co., as
usual with the German arms makers,
notified the German Government.
The preparations for Emperor Wil
liam's- Mediterranean trip continue, and
it was said to-day that the Empress
was so much improved in health that
she probably would go with him. But
even now the threatening Balkan situ
ation may require the sovereign's pres-
ence in Berlin.
PARIS, Feb. 23.— As a result of rep
resentations made to the Porte during
the past few days, it is asserted that
Turkey, as well as the Balkan States,
recognizes the Austro-Russian reforms
as being in force, and will aid in their
execution. It is added that Turkey
and the Balkan States expressed their
appreciation of the fact that the Far
Eastern war did not modify the Bal
kan situation with regard to the con
cert of Europe. No friction txists, all
the powers being impressed with the
importance of acting together in order
to prevent war.
The Temps this afternoon publishes
a special dispatch from Belgrade,
which declares that the Albanian re
volt has not been exaggerated and by
no means is suppressed.
According to a review of the situa
tion made for the Temps by a corre
spondent at Sofia, Bulgaria desires
peace, but is prepared for war, tha
country having been turned into an
armed camp and warlike proclamations
having been issued to the army.
ROME, Feb. 23.— The situation in the
Balkans is considered here to have im
proved to-day from the fact, among
other things, that Turkey has ordered
seven torpedo-boat destroyers from'
Italian shipbuilders. It is believed she
would not do this if she thought se
rious trouble in the Balkans to be im-
minent.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 23.— M.
Natchivech, the Bulgarian agent here,
who has returned to his post, brought
back the formal assurance to the Porte
that the Sofia Government intended to
maintain an absolutely correct attitude
with regard to Macedonian affairs.
There is now a more conciliatory ten
dency in the Turkish official world to
ward the Bulgarian demands, and this
creates the hope that the relations be
tween the two countries will be Im-
proved,
GENOA, Feb. 23.— The United States
cruiser Brooklyn, with Rear Admiral
Cotton on board, left here to-day, going
in an easterly direction. She leaves un
der sealed orders, which are to be
cpened only when she is at sea.
BEXSOX'S IiAWYERS SCORE
SOME STRONG POINTS
Testimony of Clerk Harlan Is Decid
edly Favorable to the
Defendant.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— At to-day's
hearing of the charge against Benson,
Harlan, a clerk in the land division of
the Interior Department, uncier sharp
cross-examination by Attorney J. C.
Campbell, confessed that he had been
instructed by Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock, acting in conjunction with
Secret Service Agent Burns, to send
Benson a letter offering him a confi
dential report of the department. Har
lan admitted that he did not have such
a report, but merely followed the verbal
instructions of his superiors. He tes
tified further that the work he per
formed for Benson was done after of
fice hours and he did not consider that
he was doing any wrong and that Ben
son at no time asked him to perform,
any wrongful act. /.*'.■ 1
On the other hand Benson told him
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
M " N>> V A MILLION HAPPY AMERICANH
H '■ ftOffL" " ' - CHILDREN are kept healthy with §1
H <fflBn5tt^^T^tohT wcrc * s spoken by their mamas for H
H §i|!SB§M@^ £jy**wfc \u CASCARETS to other. mamas have 1
Kg yBsSr^ Tfr V>n lg^ V^ a Jr made CASCARETS successful until B
11 *~^ t tbe sale now l3 OVE R A MILLION pj
mJ&B&B £ >wi§^& BOXES A MONTH. Why do little §j
H^liif/^Ja y"~*"t iil^ j| folks llke CASCARETS? Because M
ffl I^pSlj * F^Ti/) * crood— never orlp nor gripe, but act I
B SSJaa^tjfL^^^fV^ Lrjmfvp ffently.naturally, positively. Medi- K
H PER FECT HOME MEDICINE, ask |
H /~ u ~\ ways and safe against the dangers fj
pj / S '■-. °' childhood's ailments. Best for fj
f 1 j^fpffiL/^ /\ the Bowels. All druggists, 10c. 25c, fd
I 50c - Never sold ln bulk - Genuine Lg
j^^ \^&\Y$L M tablet stam Ped C C C. Sample and H
\ / // I booklet free. Address B
"'r-' \/"V.l 7 / STERLING REMEDY CO.. ff
"They make me |^^ VI / Chicago or New York. ||
i^BSlsi£^ NDY CATHARTIC s^S^Sg^i
I ANNUAL SALE— TEN MILLION BOXES I
|^ „ Greatest In the World m J
I :--H ■ ' DB^ KILMEB'S SWAUP-BOOT. • * :
; TROUBLE Al DON T KNOW IT
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a gample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease — therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most*
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kllmcr'n
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, becsniso
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all tho
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidnev and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidncv trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatincr. ir-
tem right, and the best proof of . this ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
De 14 rE AST 120TH ST.. NEW TORK^ITT^ or Bright'* disease
"I had been Buffering severely from kidney *' your water, when allowed to re-
troutia. aii symptoms were on hand; my main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
S^^ e i rdV c n V 8 °eTf e %& lef L« : n J y I twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
mental capacity was givingr out. and often I settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
wished to die. It was then I saw an advertise- ;■ » v iH<»n-r» thzt vnnr lri^n»ve -%nA
tnent of yours in a New York paper, but would }, e \ iaen - e T . nat VOtir Kidneys ami
not have paid any attention to it had it nor bladder need immediate attention.
promised a sworn guarantee with every bott!«t Swamn-Ront is the cr*»at (i\*rnvrr» r>t
of your medicine, assertins: that your Swamp- W i mp , . Krear /USCOvery Of
Root ts purely vegetable and does not contain r - Kilmer, the eminent kidne7 and
?&£K.s i Xd wifhVS^Sc^ bl .^ der sp ; d ( al i st - Hos ?^ «*
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers Wltn wonderful success in both slight
from kidney trouble*- Four memb«r» of my and severe cases. Doctors recommend
«^ft&g%£22L B ZS£ C^7 ££ it to their patients and use it in their
results." own families, because they recognize
with »"» £•»£, *»,*>£ I "mam. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
Robert BERBER. successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is plensant to take and
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, is for sale at dru£ stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on everj;
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that our readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this 'offer.
distinctly that he did not desire to see
this confidential report that had been
offered by direction of Secretary Hitch
cock. He had, however, at various
times, being hard pressed, written to
Benson for money. The latter invaria
bly responded to the appeals for as
sistance.
Judge Campbell and the lawyers for
the defense are inclined to attach much
importance to Harlan's testimony to
day as tending to show that Benson
committed no crime, as he could not
have bribed a mere clerk, who, in fact,
had no official duties, possessed by a
written act of Congress or the depart
ment They contend that If Benson is
culpable the Secretary of the Interior
is equally so, as he entered into the
conspiracy with Benson. J
y. \
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF AMATOMY
\ >Sf* Larrcic Antom.nl Moaaua ia tk«
V »«ytev <L We»*ae*«a or any contracted
© /fjMal i>peei«1*t *n the Coml E>L 36 years.
$ iJSO m ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ IS3&7B Conso!tttfea fre« tnd ftrfctlT priT»t-.
V I X»Vi U I'*"""' PT»oiw!;y or by letter. A
\ B W \J ■ Pvntii* Curt in every cue nadanmkes.
" ■ II n UaaucE. mailed rxu. ( x
\ (i 4£ nlnable book for mm)
V DR. JOBDA5 A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. r V
or:piercesl
GOLDEN
» MEDICAL .
01SCOVER?
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTJAKAJtTTEED CUBE TOR 3SX2T.
HABM1XSS INJECTZOW. Cures ordinary
cases ln a few days. Warranted to cur*
worst cases. WO OTHEE TMATMBgg
BEQTJ1EED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $1.00 p«r bottle, expressed. For sale only
T. S. gEHY'S PHABMACT. 103 Eddy.
I>T>TTCIJ1?C FOR BARBERS. BA-
•DilUOiTIlO *""• bootblacki. bath-
houM«. billiard tables.
br«wen. bookbinders, candy makers, cannerv
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers. printers, painters, the* factories*
■tablemen, tar-roofere. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN 3ROS..
Brush Mann* actorers. 009 Sacramento St.
|p& g BH I 0^ Ammunition. Hunting aatS
| |S !fc\| V Epcrtlng Goods. Lar;r*t
|_M I H\3 \V itock. Lowest prices. S«a4
•J \J B a isHubve"* barber co..
139 Market »t. and 631
liearny uu
ASTHMANOLA
Is the only cure for Nervous an<S
Broncnial ASTHMA,
Tear Drunist or at Mjs UAIGUT ST..
Saa Francisco. Coi.
£choois and Co//epes.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THS
WEST. 24 Post st.. Saa Francisco, CaL
Established 40 years. Open entlr* rtajw
.Writ* (or Illustrated catalog* (fr*M.
34
HIGHWAYMAN AUSTIN HOOPER MAKES CONFESSION IN WHICH HE AVERS
HE KNOWS ALL CONCERNING RECENT ROBBERY OF THE COLONIAL CLUB
Detectives Find Discrepancies in His Story
and Are Inclined to Doubt
Some of It.
Austin Hooper, the young highway
nan and former convict, who was ar
rested with Charles Carson, alias
"Shorty." last Sunday night at San
Anselmo. yesterday confessed partici
pation in a long list of robberies and
gave the authorities the names of sev
eral criminals he claims participated in
the "hold-up" of the Colonial Club in
this city on the night of February 12.
The latter part of the confession is
discredited by the San Francisco de
uttives. and they claim to have war
rant for their skepticism. Authentic
information from Petaluma is to the
effect that -soon after his release from
Han Quentin. on January 18, Hooper
returned to his home in that town and
r* mained at the home of his mother
until Monday. February 15, three days
after the Colonial Club was raided.
Detective Wren, who interviewed
Hooper yesterday in the Marin County
prison, says the story told by the youth
is inconsistent in several particulars.
So it may be that Hooper's statement
vas inspired bv puerile desire to glorify
himself in the opinion of the criminal
world. Or it might have found in
spiration in a yearning to be revenged
or, some of his companions in the Sau
salito robbery, whom he accuses of
having treated him unfairly.
The confession states that Hooper
and Carson were leagued in crime with
"English Dick." "San Jose Blackie,"
Kd Fahcy and a sixth man, whose
rame the authorities decline to divulge,
bt cause they believe they know where
he is. Hooper says that Carson was
not in the Colonial Club affair, as he
vas not released from San Quentin
until February 15.
INCONSISTENT STATEMENT.
According to Hooper's story he joined
the gang when he left prison on Janu
ary IS. and they all went to Los Ange
les. This conflicts with the report from
Petaluma. After working in Los An
pcles, he says,. they operated in Fresno,
Santa Barbara and other towns, finally
coming to San Francisco, where they
planned and executed the Colonial Club
hofd-up. Hooper said that he was to
have participated in the Colonial Club
n bbery that night, but when ques
tioned by Detective Wren on this point
he equivocated and contradicted him-
self.
There are notorious criminals known
as "English Dick" and "San Jose
J'lackie" and Ed Fahey, the latter hav
ing served time in San Quentin. But
if the San Francisco police know of
th^ir recent movements or present
whereabouts they are keeping their
knowledge to themselves. And the
Colonial Club officers paid that they
knew the men that robbed them, hinted
that the police were inactive in their
pursuit and finally put the case in the
hands of a private detective agency.
That was the last heard of one of the
boldest crimes on local record until
Hooper's confession restored it to pub
lic notice.
But that the incarceration of Hooper
and ("arson has not stopped the prac
tice of robbery in this city is shown by
the police records of yesterday, when
several arrests were made for that
crime. And none of the men arrested
were of the alleged gang, described by
Hooper. .
Th<> detective department seems to be
in the shadow so far as the identity
of "English Dick" is concerned. No
record of such an alias has been regis
tered in any of the prison books and
t.'iileFS some other name can be pro
diiced the police will have little to work
on. Fahey, however, is well known,
having made his escape from San
Quentin during July of last year with
several other desperate criminals. "Pan
Jr>se Blackie" is W. P. Vroman, who
started life 8!» a sailor, and who was
■J-rPFted in Yuba City for a safe-crack
ing job on May 5, 1901. Fortune fa
vorM "Blackie." and while his two
companions, Phillips and Johnson, went
to prison for fifteen years each, he
managed to <«<H-ure an acquittal. On
August 3. 1901, Vroman was heard of
again. He was arrested in San Jose
for petty larceny and served a sentence
of F ix months in the county jail there.
DISCREDIT THE COXFESSIOX.
Police of This City Disbelieve Some
of Hooper's Assertions. .'**•
Thus fa/ the police of this city have
given small heed to the San Rafael
matter. Durinp the afternoon Captain
of Detectives Martin ridiculed the idea
"f any confession Hooper might have
made in connection with the Colonial
riub hold-up, but during the evening
became more reticent and referred all
Questioners to Sergeant Detective Ed
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
WEAK KIDNEYS
CAUSE MORE SUFFERING AND
DEATHS THAN ALL OTHER
DISEASES COMBINED.
If thp kidneys are out of order the
whole syst«-in is bound to suffer. Head-
n-hn. backache, rheumatic pains and
»wt-llincs, torpid liver, constipation, In-
fliKestion. nervousness. drowsiness,
«leeplcssn«»KS. skin troubles, malaria,
feverlshnoss. yawning, cloudy urine, sod-
!n>ent in urin? when it stands 24 hours.
He, all iri.i'oate that your kidneys have
been diseased for months, and if not
properly treated without delay. Brlght's
Slspase. dial>otos. uric acid and blood poi-
*on. with convulsions and death, will
turoly follow.
HADE HEALTHY BY SAFE CURE.
Warner's Safe Cure is absolutely the
»nly complete, permanent, safe, home
tur*» for all diseases of the kidneys, liver.
Bladder and blood. It soothos inflamma-
tion, repairs the delicate tissues and re-
ttores energ-y and vigor to the whole
»od>\ Safe Cure Js made entirely of
aerbs, contains no harmful- drugs and is
pleasant to take. Prescribed by doctors
ind used successfully in the leading hos-
pitals for fifty years. Cures where all
►Ise falls. At all drug stores, or direct,
JO cents and $1.00 a bottle.'
REFUSE SUBSTI1UTES AND IMITATIONS.
They are worthless and. Terr often ex-
tee&iasrly danj»erou«. A*k for Warner'a
Kafe Core; It will cure you.
Our doctors will send free advice and
council to any one. Write fully and in
confidence. Medical booklet free. Ad-
dress Warner's Safe Cure Co., Roches-
ter. N. Y.
WARNER'S SAFE PILLS move the
Sowels £cntly and aid a speedy cure. i
■Wren, who assumed charge of the mat
ter early in the day. Martin at first
persisted that Hooper's statement was
false. He said that Wren, upon his re
turn from San Rafael, had told him
that Sheriff Taylor's prisoner was at
tempting to gain notoriety and that
while he believed him responsible for
the other crimes he admitted having
committed, it was hardly possible that
he had any connection with the club
robbery in San Francisco.
When Martin was asked if he would
make any effort to apprehend any of
the men Hooper implicated, he replied
that he would not.
"This fellow is only trying to get a
little more criminal fame for himself,"
said Martin, "and we do not propose
to let bats frighten us. Detective Wren
gave- me to understand when he re
turned from San Rafael this afternoon
that Hooper was lying, and I refer you
to him. One thing I do know, and
that is that Carson could not have been
there. He was not released from San
Quentin until February 15, and the
date of the Colonial Club robbery was
subsequent to that."
Detective Ed Wren discussed the
matter of his visit to San Rafael. The
sleuth says he went there for the pur
pose of interviewing both of the men
arrested for the Marin County robber
ies. Wren is emphatic, in his asser
tion that Hooper had nothing to do
with the Colonial Club hold-up, but he
admits that the man behind the bars
intimated that he knew all about it.
Wren says that after ; a severe cross
examination he called Hooper's atten
tion to many discrepancies in what he
offered as a statement.
"In the- first place," says Wren,
"Hc-oper' declared that he -was the cus
todian of the diamonds stolen from the
clubrooms. I asked him if he had been
engaged in the actual theft, and he
replied that he had not. After a few
moments' conversation the prisoner
mentioned 'San Jose Blackie,' 'English
Dick' and Fahey. Referring to him
self as a principal In the crime, when
he was a little off his guard I. asked
him who the fifth man was,' and he
answered that it might have been him
self. When I asked him to explain his
many contradictory assertions he re
fused to do so. and from that time I
branded him as a fabricator."
Wren further declares that the men
accredited with the club hold-up might
have been with Hooper in his series
of other crimes, but their whereabouts
Is very uncertain at the present time,
and if the statement of Captain of
Detective Martin be true there will be
little effort made to take them into
custody.
Martin is of the opinion that the Co
lonial Club was entered and robbed by
men that were closer connected with
it thary the ex-convicts whose names
come from Marin County. Though no
arrests have been made nor clews se
cured, the idea of a confession on the
part of a daring criminal seems to bs
scoffed at, and, as Wren puts it, un
less Martin so orders him he will not
try to catch the three other men.
HOW THIEVES WORKED.
Hooper Tells of Incidents Relating to
His Last Crime.
This is a verbatim copy of the con
fession made by Austin Hooper yes
terday to the Marin County authorities
concerning his participation in the
crime for which he was arrested:
My name is Austin Hooper, and I reside In
Petaluma. There were four of us engaged in
this robbery — English Dick, from Seattle;' a
man named Blackie, Shorty and myself. Last
Friday I met English Dick in the Everything
for a Penny Place on Market street. He told
me he knew a place in Sausalito where there
was a game running, and that we could get,
I think. $8000 or $10,000. I agreed to meet
him at the ferry and take the 10:20 boat. I
met him there with Shorty and Blackie. At
Sausalito Dick told Shorty and me to ride as
far as San Anselmo and walk back to i=au-
THE ... SAN - : FRANCISCO CALL, . WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, ,1904.
salito. which we did. When we not as far as
a high turntable at Sausalito Shorty and I
met San Jope P.lackie anJ Knglish Dick. Then
they took the clothes thoy had in a bauket and
made me change. I had on a sweater, Uut
no mask. Ulackie. .cut . oft part of my pants
leg to make a mask for me. Dick and Blackie
showed us the place. Blaekio Btood at the lum
ber pile and Dick stood down the street, op
posite a livery stable. Shorty went Into the
saloon first and I followed. After we got all
we could find and left the saloon we found
Dick and Blackie right outside. They -went
up a hill road Into the residence part, and we
followed to where they stopped. Then' I put on
my decent clothes igain and threw- the others
over a bridge. They didn't change their?.
They walked down to a landing; we followed,
and Dick took a boat and went to* a launch.
He wanted me to run it aa I had made a study
of gasoline engines in the prison. I told them
the launch didn't have any steering gear, and
that there was no oil in the tank. We then
left the launch and Dick and Blackie went in
the small boat to beneath the ferry landing,
where I think. ' they threw their clothes away.
When I mi't them again they told me to get
a room,, which 1 did. At (i the next morning
we took the boat for San Francisco. The
other three went over on the same boat, but
none of u« spoke; we all kept apart. At the
ferry in San Francisco Dick and I got on the
car together and got off at Kcarny street.
.Blackle took the 7:30 boat from San-Fran
cisco for Petaluma. We all planned, to go .to
Pctaluma Saturday night to rob the s=ho<» fac
tory. We expected that the men would ' -fee
paid that night between $500 and $700. '•'
I met Dick at th«* ferry again about hajf
past 10. Came over alone on the 11 o'clock
boat to San Rafael. Shorty and Dick came
over on the next. My Instructions were . to
hire a livery rig and meet them on the road
for Petaluma. I got the rig In San Rafael;
met them about two from the stable
and drove the two of them to Petaluma. At
Novato we tried to get another horse, but
could not. Near Petaluma. at the draw
bridge, Dick cot out and walked the re«t of
the way. Shorty and I drove up to D street.
In town we met Iilackle and DlcU. We went
to the factory. Dick stood on one corner.
Blackle on the other; I stayed in the rig and
Shorty went Into the factory. He was to
hold up the cl^rk and get the money. Dick
and Blackie had their weapons drawn. Shorty
returned and Raid: "There is no money; the
men are not being paid off."
We then went to Sonoma, expecting to . be
able to rob a saloon that had three nickel-In
the slot machines full of money. On the road we
stopped at the saloon, but got no opportunity
to commit the robbery. At Sonoma Shorty
put the horse and rig up. I went to bed. '
Sunday morning, at half -past 7, we started
to walk for San Rafael. Dick and Blackle
kept about a mile ahead all the time. Shorty
and I arrived in San Rafael about 10 D. - m.
About ten blocks north of the brcad-gaupe 'de
pot we met Blackle and Dick. We then
agreed to go to San Francisco, Dick and
Blackle by the electric road. Shorty and I by
the steam road. Dick and Blackle left us for
the electric railroad, i Shorty went to the
broadgauge depot to buy a ticket and then
found out that no mor«* trains left for San
Francisco that night. When Shorty was com
ing back I noticed a man following him al
most alongside. 1 started to walk and kept in
the shade. I turned the corner In the shadow.
As I did so, I heard the strange fellow say:
"Is that you, partner?" Then I started, to
run. The fellow called me to come back. I
ran as hard as I could and the first thins I
knew I heard three or four ' shots and said,
"That fellow Is shooting at me." I ran about
a block and turned around and Shorty Joined
me and said he had lest his hat In a scuffle
with this fellow. We circulated around back
of the Hotel Pw&fael, down , the <- road ■ that
crosses the creek to the electrle road; waited
up th<> track to the depot and again met Dick
and Blackie.- Thoy told us they knew of a sa
loon at the outskirts of the town, that <Ii<l* *
good deal of business and that the proprietor
wcmld scare easily and that we could get his
money. We then . agreed to rob the saloon.
We got to Shannon's place, passed the door
and went beyond the light cast by the lamp.
Shorty went Inside and I stood right across
the street, alongfide of Dick. We heard
Shorty keep telling a fellow to put up his
hands. Dick told me I had better go ' In, and I
went over and looked in the door. Dick had
given me two guns. - They never let me carry
the guns, and I went and helped Shorty. You
know what happened in there
After we left we all started for San An
eelmo. On the way we mw a fellow coming
with a bicycle and we jumped the fence and
ran^over a plowed, field. We got about a
hundred feet and then stopped to talk. Dick
and Blackie wanted us two to make another
attempt in Sausalito, as we had robbed the
(S »^ OOn -..J.^ a ' d * didn't. want anything
more to do with the business: I was known in
San Rafael and that my people lived near
CRIMINAL CHARACTERS WHO ARE CHARGED BY THE POLICE
WITH BEING IMPLICATED IN VARIOUS HOLDUPS AND ROB
BERIES IN THIS AND OTHER CALIFORNIA CITIES.
here; and the others said: "What Is the
matter with you?. Tou want some money." I
said I didn't want any money; I was tired
and disgusted; I wanted to go home and be
decent ;. and ■ Blaekie said. "No, I ■ will be
if you go home." I started to run from
them. Jumped over the fence, commenced to
run up and climb the hill. 1 couid hear them
following. • I fell. Blackie and Dick were
close behind. Shorty was shouting: "Cut it
out. Don"t hurt the kid. Let him go."
As I went to get up. I think, it was Dick
got hold of my hand as I lay on the ground,
and Blackie then threw his arm around my
neck, and then 1 struck out at Blackie, and
then one of the others ehot. The bullet struck
me in the leg, here (showing. place), then Dick
and Blackie ran down the hill and disap
peared. Shorty stayed there and helped me
bind up the wound. The rest you know.
English Dick is one of the hardest crooks
In the- United States. He Is an expert pistol
shot and carries these German automatic re
volvers. He knows the efficiency of every po
lice officer and Sheriff in the country; knows
the distance between every town and all th*
means of travel. He has. plenty of money,
Showing us as much as $500. He if> an expert
prizefighter I and la muscular. • I believe ho
and some others are implicated In the Turk
street robbery. '
At a late hour last night Hooper
made the following -additional state
ment to a representative of The Call:
Now, let me tell you — don't be steered off by
any so-called confession I made to having been
In the Colonial Club hold-up. I might have
been and might not have been. If I had been
there In time, but It just happened that I was
not there and can prove an alibi. It don't
make any difference to me one way or the
other what you nay. My so-called confession
Is all right except the Colonial Club trick.
Carson of course, could not have been there,
as he. only got but of prison las. t week. An
other thing you will notice— I never signed
that confession. I don't mind telling evenT>
of the past week. I am up against It, any
way, and will probably do life, but don't ever
think I will plead guilty. I will give them a
ru-n for their money. Further, In regard to
the Colonial Club: I know about It and don't
mind Baying that Blackie and English Dick
■were there. Fahey was in on It. too, but
neither the "Kid" (Carson) nor I was there
at all. , ,
Detectlv? Wren was hore to-day and tried to
implicate me In the Colonial. Of course he
did not tell me his correct name. Said he was
Mr. Brown, a member of the club. That was
all right. When a . man thinks he is wise,
don't disturb hia thoughts. I recognized him
.just as soon as he came in the cell.
That is part of thl» business, never to forget
faces and be acquainted with all of the offl-'
cere. I knew Sheriff Taylor well. I used to
attend Mount Tamalpals Military Academy
and. met him then. Why the other night he
drove by Shorty and me. He was In a buggy
and had a shotgun. I could have picked him
then dead easy, but murder Is not in m*. al
though I take no chances. A fellow in this
business has to be prepared to do anything,
and kill if necessary. I : knew Taylor was
after us and would kill us, but I let him pass.
I -. have good parents and ; have tried many
times to-be decent, but. I guess it's the ex
citement that kept me In the business. There
was good money In it. too. .33££33j§$£gK|
! ' Carson substantiated* Hooper's* ver
sion of the gang's . operations. He
stated that when Hughes called to him
/N the Marin County Prison young 'Austin Hooper, who was arrested at San Anselmo last
Sunday for the burglary of a saloon at Sausalito, is making confessions that arc so at van
ance with one another as to bring, discredit upon them from the detectives of San Francisco.
He staled that he participated tn the recent hold-up of the Colonial Club in this city, but zvhen
questioned by Detective Wren tie contradicted himself so flagrantly iJ.at the officer disbelieved
his entire story. At a late hour last night the young criminal sent for a Call representative and
said he ivas not directly implicated in the Colonial Club affair, but knew the men who did the
work and voluntarily gave their names. As they are the men who, he says, shot and othenvise
abused him Sunday night, it is logically inferred by the police that his narrative of accusation
was actuated b\ a desire to avenge his wrongs by having them arrested. Hooper's original as
severation that Ije was one of the five masked men that "held up" the Pozvell-street clubhouse
was weakened by The Call's discovery that at the time of that desperate crime he zixjs residing
at the home of his mother in Petaluma.
Sunday night he thought he was after
them, and took no chances. He said
her shot to kill, and titought he got his
man, as he saw him fall against the
fence. He then ran. Carson left San
Quentin on February 15, after doing
time for assault with a deadly weapon^
He is an old pal of English Dick, and
came west with him. Carson and Dick
made several hold-ups in Denver, Salt
Lake and Seattle. He met Hooper in
San Quer.tin and there their friendship
originated. Carson told Hooper of the
sang, heJsays, and when the "Kid" left
prison in January he Immediately
joined them in Los Angeles. This con
flicts with Hooper's 1 narrative.
HOOPER ROBBED HIS MOTHER.
PETALUMA, Feb. 23.— Austin Hoop
er came here soon after his release
from San Quentin on January 18 and
remained at his mother's home until a
week ago , yesterday, when he started
for San Francisco. After his departure
from the residence, his mother discov
ered that he- had taken her watch and
a diamond ring belonging to his sister.
The police were notified and they
caught the young desperado at the
railroad station awaiting the south
bound train. They found the watch
on his person, but the ring was art
fully concealed in the handle of a re
volver which he carried' in his valise
and he got away with it. His rela
tives were too pleased to get him out
of town to insist on his arrest.
A brother of Hooper visited San
Francisco a few days later and met
Austin, who told him that while jour
neying to that city he had fallen in
with several ex-convicts v from San
Quentin, with whom he finished the
trip and had "a high old time." He
bought lots of drinks for them, he said,
and treated them to dinner. He boast
ed to his brother that he had held up
a woman 'in San Francisco and got
quite a nice booty. ,The brother was
sufficiently interested in the story to
investigate It further, and found that
on the date mentioned a woman had
been waylaid and robbed, just as Aus
tin had' stated.
BOxVRDER SHOOTS BURGLAR.
Two burglars who broke into the
residence of Mrs. Lola Joakin, 341 Jessie
street, about. A o'clock yesterday morn
ing were captured after a desperate
struggle and one of them was shot in
the arm by James McMahon, a roomer
in the house. They are Joseph M. Wal
lace, 33 years of age, and George Lang,
18 years of age.
McMahon, who occupies a front
room, was awakened by the - nc-ise of
hi3 window being opened. He saw Wal
lace as he was stepping into the room
and asked him what he wanted. Wal
lace replied that he wanted his money.
"All right," said as he
jumped out of bed, "here's my clothes,
and I'll go into the other room and
get some more money from the old
\v e-man."
McMahon knew there was a shotgun
in a room occupied by Mr. and Mrs.
Eugene Wright and he hurried into
their room. He told them there were
thieves in the bouse and he wanted the\
gun. Unfortunately, there were no car
tridges in the house, but McMahon was
not to be balked. Clad in his pajamas,
he ran out of the rear door and along
Jessie street to a saloon on the corner
of Fifth street. He asked the barten
der if he had any cartridges and was
fortunate in getting two. He told the
bartender to blow his police whisfte
and ran back to the house.
•Policeman H". Wilson met McMahon,
who told the officer to watch the front
door, while he entered by the rear. As
McMahon entered the house he saw
Wallace coming from the dining-room
into the kitchen. Wallace raised his
revolver and McMahon Tespondcd by.
raising the shotgun and firing. Wal
lace threw his left, arm over his face
to protect It and received the charge
in the forearm. Wallace turned and
ADVgRTISEMENTS.
N ordeal through which the ex-
iP^faiftl^Iilfcin^ pectant mother must pass usually iv,
$11 ill M *? fuU ° f s* 56 ™*! danger and fear
via II w ' ™ at she looks forward to the critical
Mftf . ,. r . . , . hour apprehension and dread.
Mother s Fnend, hy its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings and
so prepares the System for the *
ordeal that she passes through || ip jtk j&J&fc. 4%. w?^ 0 i^-v
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per E R*5 ifo H* /I
bottle of druggists. Book containing F i^ii^iiiB
valuable information mailed free | | IwIIhII
THE BRADflELD REGUUTOR CO.. JMmmf. *w ™ W "
"Babe" Curtin Again
Gets Into Hands
of Police.
fled toward the front of the house. Mc-
Mahon pointed the gun at Lang, who
threw up his hands and howled, "For
God's sake, don't shoot: I'm only a
kid." He also turned and followed
Wallace.
Meantime Policemen M. J. CuIHnan.
F. C. Nobmann and George Small had
heard the police whistle and had Joined
Wilson. As Wallace and Lang sprang
out of the front window the police
men grabbed hold of them. "Wallace
shoved the muzzle of his revolver into
Cullinan's mouth, but before he could
pull the trigger he was' clubbed and
overpowered. Lang fought like a wild
beast and had to be clubbed Into sub
mission.
Both Wallace and Lang were taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital and
after their wounds had been dressed
they were booked at the City Prison
on a charge of burglary- Wallace is
being detained at the hospital.. as his
arm may have to be amputated.
While McMahon was hunting for car
tridges for the shotgun the burglars
entered the room of Mr. and Mrs.
Wright and stole a lady's gold watch
and $3 in coin. The watch was found
on the street, where it had been thrown
by either Wallace or Lang.
"BABE" CURTIX ARRESTED.
Anthony Curtin, alias "Babe." was
arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning by Detectives Taylor and Mul
cahey and locked up in "the tanks" at
the City Prison. He was out on 52000
bonds, awaiting his trial on a charge
of burglary in Judge Cook's court thia
morning.
The police have suspected that Cur
tin was implicated in the holdups in
saloons throughout the city, and par
ticularly the one at Thomas D. Mur
phy's liquor store at Tenth and Mission
streets a week ago last Monday night,
when the bartender was shot. Captain
Martin detailed Detective Taylor to
shadow Curtin, who had a companion
named "Dummy." For four nights
Taylor had been shadowing Curtin,
and from information he received h«
was satisiled the suspect intended to
hold up the bartender in Neill & Simp
son's saloon at Seventh and Mission
streets about 3 o'clock yesterday morn
1ns.
Curtin had been in the saloon of
Meyer Cohn at Seventh and Market
streets on Sunday night, and the bar
tender saw him secrete a revolver in
side the top of hia trousers. He left
there, accompanied by his companion,
and went to Neill & Simpson's saloon
about 11 o'clock. The time was evi
dently not ripe for holding up the bar
tender, and Curtin and his companion
left. Taylor had been notified by
Cnhn'a bartender about Curtin and the
revolver and that Curtin and his com
panion had gone to Neill & Simpson's,
but while Taylor was telephoning to
police headquarters for Mulcahey. Cur-
tin and his companion left the saloon.
About 2 o'clock yesterday morning
• Curtin, with hfs companion, dropped
I into Cohn's saloon, and something
j ma.de Curtin suspicious. He ran out
of the saloon and up Jones street, pur
sued by Taylor and Mulcahey. He
dropped a handkerchief in his flight,
which the officers picked >aip. Curtin
turned into Turk street toward Market
and Mulcahey ran down Golden Gate
avenue to head him off, while Taylor
kept up the pursuit. He was captured
by the two officers on Turk street, near
Mason. When searched two string3
could be used for tying a hand
j kerchief over his face and a revolver
were found in his pockets. He re
marked that he was sorry he did not
let Taylor "have it," meaning:, that offi
cer thinks?' that he did not shoot him.
The "Dummy" made his escape.
The crime for which Curtin will be
tried in Judge CooVs court this morn-
Ing is for entering the grocery and sa
loon of TV. G. Schroedcr, 923 Mission
street, on March 28 and attempting to
blow open the safe. He was accom
panied by Clarence Franklin, who has
been tried and convicted, but not yet
sentenced. At that time Curtin fired
a shot at Special Officer Maloney.SENATE RATIFIES THE PANAMA CANAL
TREATY AFTER REJECTING AMENDMENTS
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Standing the fact that the interests cf
Georgia called for the ratification of
the treaty the people of the State did
not approve recent occurrences on the
Isthmus. After stating his position
Bacon spoke of his amendment to the
treaty looking to a peaceful settlement
of all difficulties" between i.h<? United
States and Colombia by paying a sum
of money to Colombia in full compen
sation for the surrender and quitclaim
of all right of sovereignty over the ter
ritory embraced in the republic of Pan
ama.
Brrry of Arkansas said that if he
b'-iieved the defeat of the treaty would
restore Colombia's sovereignty over
Panama he would vote against the con
vention, but, he declared, the defeat of
the treaty would be unavailing in that
respect.
The p<vple of the South wanted the
canal, and therefore he thought it the
duty of the representatives of the
Booth to vote for the treaty.
Teller of Colorado said that the pres
ent conditimi of the finances of this |
Government vould not permit of the
taking of money from the treasury to
buiM the canal, and it would be neces
sary to borrow the money, and no one
knoTCs how great v.-nuld be the loan
we must negotiate. The expenditures j
by the French people of ?250,OOO,0OO. he
paid, built cr.ly about one-quarter of the
canal. Of the 540,000,000 which this
Government was nominally to pay for
the property, he said, he believed $20,-
OOtZfiOO wap for the canal and the other
S20.O00.O00 would go to the lobbyists who j
had put the deal through.
SIMMONS REFDTJES CHARGES.
Simmons of North Carolina saSd he
ADVEB.TIEESIENTS.
■W*4ne*<Say, 24 February, 1904.
w
Mid-week
special
■ Si. 75
For to-day (Wednesday)
only, and the saving is ex-
actly a dollar. The table is
made of oak, golden finish,
and has a top measuring 24
inches square-
Positively for this one
day, remember, and you
• must come before 6 p. m. —
. * our closing time every day
"•in the week.
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union Square
PROMINENT FIGURES IX
CLOSING SCENES OF THE
TREATY RATIFICATION. .
! believed the people of Panama were
j ready for a revolution and he did not
believe the United States officials con
nived nt.it.. He refuted /the charges
that this Government could be made
to account for what had taken place
on the isthmus.
"I think the worst thing the United
j States has done," Simmons said, "has
been to maintain Colombian tyranny
on the isthmus for the last fifty years.
"The question of whether the Presi
dent did right or wrong on the isthmus
is not now before the Senate.
"The only thing to be considered is
I whether the treaty is a meritorious one.
All of those other questions may, and
I hope they will, receive further con
sideration."
The Senate then went into executive
session.
The amendments which were offered
by the Committee on Foreign Relations
and afterward withdrawn were again
offered and voted down. The Bacon
amendment, providing for a treaty
with Colombia, with a view to satisfy
ing any future demands of that
country on account of the secession of
Panama, also was rejected by the Sen
ate.
After voting down the amendments
offered Senator Morgan of Alabama
made an extended speech in opposition
to the treaty in its present form.
VOTE FOR RATIFICATION.
A vote was then taken and the treaty
ratified.
The vote on the ratification of the
treaty was as follows:
Ayes— Aldrlch, Alger, Allee, Allison,
Ankeny, Bacon, Ball, Bard, Berry,
Beveridge, Burnham, Burrows, Clapp,
Clark of Wyoming, Clark of Arkansas,
Clay. Cockrell, Cullom, Depew, Diet
rich, Dillingham, Dolliver, Dryden, El
klns, Fairbanks, Foraker, Foster of
Louisiana, Frye, Fulton, Galllnger,
Gamble, Gibson, Hale, Hansbrough,
Heyburn, Hoar, Hopkins, Kean,
Kearns, Kittridge, Latimer, Lodge,
Long, McCornas, McCreary, McCum
ber. McEnery. Mallory, Millard,
Mitchell, Money, Nelson, Penrose, Per
kins, Platt of Connecticut, Platt of
New York, Proctor, Quarles, Scott,
Simmons, Smoot, Spooner, Stewart,
Taliaferro, Warren, Wetmore — 66.
Noes— Bailey, Bate, Blackburn, Car
mack. Cul be rson, Daniel, Dufcois, Gor
man, Morgan, Newlands, Patterson,
Pettus, Teller, Tillman— 14.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. — Although
the House, devoted the entire day to
consideration of the naval appropria
tion bill under the five-minute rule,
smaU progress was made. Amendments
■were offered in profusion for the per
fection of the measure from a Demo
cratic standpoint, but all save an ap
propriation of $656,500 for the
Charleston navy yard were rejected..
The fight over the proposed Great
Lakes naval training station was be
gun during the last half-hour of the
session, and promises a lively debate
to-morrow. ,
Just before adjourning the House
authorized the printing of 10,500
copies of "A Few Directions for De
stroying Mosquitoes."
Anxiously Await News of Treaty.
COLON, Feb. 23. — Feverish excite
ment prevails over the whole isthmus
to-day while awaiting the receipt of
the news from Washington that the
canal treaty had been ratified, by • the
United- States Senate. Preparations
are. on foot to illuminate the railroad
buildings to-night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.' WEDNESDAY, -FEBRUARY "24, 1904.
Bill Is Introduced to
Govern Canal
Territory.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Senator
Kittredge of South Dakota, a member
of the Interoceanic Canal Committee,
after the ratification of the canal treaty
to-day introduced a bill to provide for
temporary government of the Panama
canal territory and the protection of
I the canal works and for other purposes
'connected with construction of the]
canal.
The first section creates "the Panama
board of governors," consisting of three
citizens of the United States, not all of j
whom shall be of the same political j
party, to be appointed by the Presi- j
dent and confirmed by the Senate. !
Until Congress shall otherwise pro- |
Tide, according to the second section, !
the legislative, executive and admin-!
istrative powers possessed by Congress !
and the privileges of the United States :
on the isthmus of Panama shall be ■
vested in the board of governors. The i
powers so j vested shall include the
pewer to raise revenue.
Senator Kittredge say's some modifi
cation of the provision for the board of
governors may be necessary when th-i
duties of the Isthmian CanarCommls
sion shall have been determined. If
the commission is to have charge of
the work o^ construction and is to be
sometimes on the isthmus and some
times in the United States the board
will be necessary, but in case it shall
be determined that a sufficient num
ber of commissioners shall be residents
of the canal strip to constitute a gov
ernment the board of governors may be
dispensed with and the duties of the
board devolve upon the commission.
Section 3 contains the bill of rights
of the United States constitution, with
some additional restrictions which pro
vide that all moneys collected for a
special purpose shall be treated ' as a
special fund and paid out only for such
purposes; that the laws of the United
States, except such aa are expressly
made applicable to the territory, shall
not extend to the territory; that goods
not the product or manufacture of the
territory coming to the United States
shail pay the same duties as goods from
foreign ports; that the laws in force
in the republic of Panama on the date
of exchange of ratifications for the
treaty on November 18, 1903, and which
are locally applicable in said territory
and not inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, shall continue in force in
said territory until altered or annulled
by the board of governors or by Con
gress or suspended by the President
under the powers conferred on him by
the bill. >«■!'-'
CONGRESS TO CONFIRM LAWS.
♦ ■ •
Section 4 declares that all laws passed
by the board shall be reported to Con
gress, which reserves the power to alter
or annul the same. Until expressly
confirmed by Congress, the President
is given power to suspend by procla
mation, in whole or in part, the ope
ration of any law passed by the board
which he shall find to interfere with
the performance of powers or duties
of the president; of the Isthmian Canal
Commission under the Spooner act or
the Kittredge bill.
Section 5 says the Board of Gover
nors shall be charged with the duty of
maintaining order, protecting the ca
nal, railroad and other property., of the
United ; States, preserving health and
promoting morals and education in the
canal territory. It shall maintain an
adequate police force and in case of
exigency may call on any land or naval
forces of the United States within the
territory to render assistance, which
shall be rendered under such rules and
orders as the President may make; It
shall enact laws and make regulations
for the purposes aforesaid In respect
of the canal territory, and of the cities
of Panama and Colon and for. the sup
plying of water to said cities.
Section 6 gives the board power by
judicial proceedings and upon payment
BANKS AWAIT
THE DECISION
Action of United States Su
preme Court on Northern Se
curities Anxiously LookedFor
HILL HAS A XEW PLAN
President's^"' Friends Declare
That Under Xo Circumstances
Will the Control Be Changed
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— While bankers
here do not generally believe that the
United States Supreme Court will ren
der its decision in. the Northern Securi
ties case immediately upon .the-recon
vening after its brief vacation, the near
approach of that event is causing much
discussion in financial circles. 7
J. J. Hill, president of the securities
company, has been actively engaged of
late in conferring with , the. various
bankers interested • and it is now said
a tentative plan* has been agreed upon
for use in case the" Supreme Court de
cides adversely tor the company. Hill
has refused to discuss, the subject in
any way, but one of the bankers as
sociated in the enterprise is quoted as
follows
"W£ do not in the slightest fear for
the fate of the Northern Securities
Company, no matter what the findings
of the Supreme Court. The two prop
erties, the Great Northern and the
Northern Pacific roads, will in no event
pass out of the hands which now con
trol them. How; this end will be
achieved I am not at liberty. to state,
but- it will be accomplished,' neverthe
less. If the Supreme Court; finds the
present manner, of holding the securi
ties of the two roads to be illegal it
will indicate what shall constitute a
legal manner of holding them and that
manner of retaining them will be pur-
sued. *
"If the decree of 7th e lower court
should be "affirmed. In all particulars
there would be trouble to some other
roads, but not so much to the "Northern
Securities Company, which has been
preparing to meet the outcome."
In a general way it is understood
that in the event of an adverse decision
and a swee:i!ng decree the: Northern
Securities Company will turn over th»
control of the Northern Pacific stock to
other interests, either to a railroad cor
poration in- no way associated with the
merger roads or to a voting trustee
ship. The joint guarantee of the Bur
lington bonds by the Great Northern
and Northern Pacific will not be dis
turbed. It is presumed that this plan
contemplates the reduction of Northern
Securities stock by the equivalent of
the amount issued for Northern Pacilic
stock.
of due compensation to acquire pri
vate lands and buildings by .condemna
■ tion, such property to be the property
j of the United States, f/
j^VDMINIgTRATION A>F JUSTICE.
P f -' Section 7 forbids the\i30ard,to borrow
I money or to issue -bonds j without the
■ express authority of Congress, or to
j impose or collect any tax, duty or
• charge of any kind upon property be-
J longing to the Government of the
United States, or of vessels "using the
1 banal or upon their cargoes or • pas
i sengers. t
! Section 8 vests local authority in -the
j Board of Governors, giving it power to
: grant pardons or reprieves for acts
I against the laws of the board and
against the laws of the United" States
under the direction of the President.
Section 9 authorizes the board to ap
point a chief of police and defines his
duties and privileges. During the
absence or disability of all members of
the board he shall act as executive.
Under section 10 the board is au
thorized to make laws and regulations
for the administration of justice. Sec
tion 11 authorizes the President to ap
point three Judges to constitute the
United States Court of Panama and >
defines its duties. :
Section 12 gives the Circuit Court '
of Appeals' for the Second District ju
risdiction for appeal and review of
acts of the Panama court in all cases
where an amount exceeding $5000 Is
Involved; in criminal cases resulting
in death sentence or imprisonment j
for more than three years, or where
the authority of the United States or
the validity, of a treaty or law; of the
United States is in question.
Section 13 authorizes the aboard to
provide for extradition from the ter
ritory under its control in conformity i
with the extradition treaties of S the '
United States, and for this purpose j
the territory of the canal » zone is j
deemed a of the United i
States and -the republic of Panama a'
foreign country. • (
MUST SWEAR ALLEGIANCE. j
Section. 14 requires all the officers ',
under the Government of the territory
to . take the oath of allegiance to the
United States and renounce all for
eign allegiance.
Section 15 provides that the terms
"territory," "canal tert-itory" or the
like, which, are employed in the 'bill,
shall comprehend and relate to -all
lands, waters, harbors, ,*)orts, islands,
the cities of Panama and Colon and
all the places and property, in respect
to which the United States is now or
hereafter I may be empowered under
said treaty or any supplement there
to to possess and exercise authority.
Other sections provide fdr annual
reports to Congress and for payment
of all expenses of the government out
of its own revenues so far as possible
and the remainder out of the treasury'
of the United States.
• The bill was referred to the Com- j
mittee on Interoceanic Canals, of j
which the late Senator Hanna was '
chairman.
The filling of the vacancy has caus
ed much discussion and it ; virtually
has been decided to leave it unfilled
for the present ■
Senator Platt of New York will be
the acting chairman.
PANAMA' IS .NOTIFIED.
Minister Vnrilla Cables News of Rat-
Tiflcation of Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— As soon as
he learned of the ratification by^the
Senate of the Panama canal treaty, "M.
Benau, Varilla, the Minister of Panama,
sent the following cablegram to Pres-
-■' THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. |- THE EMPOBIUltt
5. . Pure Foods- Preserve Healthy Promote Happiness %
Jf ■ \. The Emporium guarantees at all times absolutely pure food products, full 5
5f weights and measures, lowest prices. Our customers make big savings here ;?
Jf; daily- <n the necessities of life; but during the great Pure Food Demon- J
Jf. strations now in progress we shall make some price demonstrations that will J
f even astonish our regulaj patrons who are accustomed to save 10 to 20 per cent J
J on:household expenses by trading here. j$
*£ Among the many good things to eat and drink now being shown and sampled in the special *
Jf department of artistic booths on the main floor are: *
/JC Pettijohn's Breakfast Gem Tipo Chianti Wines Long's Preserves, Jellies, etc. \
\ American Ma!to Cccoa Cudahy's Rex Beef Extract M. J. B. Coffee, in tins *
jf Isleton Creamery Butter JS£sz&(/ Canned Goods Lily Pure Sterilized Cream *
!• Braunhardt's Tropical Sauce Emporium Baking Powder California Home Brand Pickles *
Jf W. G. iM. Tamales. Beans, etc. Emporium Family Fiour Etc., etc., etc. '«
at _ -_ 1 i $
j: Some of To-Day's . Another Rousing Safe £
I Grocery Offerings Wash Fabrics 9c i
at French Peas— E.tra quality, vrry fine 22c * , ..>• „«
tti .Beit j va and Mocha -Bean or ground, ib 29o 10-day ana Thursday — Real I2j4c fi
K Crosse & Blackwcll's Lucca Oil -To-day, bottle . . . . 62c Punish Pprraloc HorLr moHinm cinH m
i Martin-* cheese -Be* Eaits-n cr«n., 2 ib 35c runjaD Percales, dark, medium and .;
at Kirk's Laundry soap -wh^te Ruw.an, 14 ban . . . . . sOo light effects; - some few of the dark to
i ■■S^l!a i faS?SS^V;: : : : : :"£ P«?«? have very slight manufactur- 3
at Holland Herring* -Milchner, fancy, very special, 7 for. . .25c eX S UTiperieCtlOnS (nOt nOtlCeable); "«
at F.nnan Haddie* The chocest, ib. . . . . . . . . . 17 %o the light and medium effects all new and per- -J
A JjD«n Teas— H ch erade,»u co ored green, Englsh Breakfast and *> „ . ,, *^ £
t " kin ,5 *.. $1.85, single ib.! 40c <$$> offered just for a trade hum- Q^ -J
I And many other bargains. mer>> for tw0 d^ s only-7ard. ■ 3.
V Wash Silks 34c--Taffetas 59c \
| Two fine lots of the kinds of silk most wanted now, not more than 1000 J
jg. yards. in each lot, on special sale to-day only, while quantity lasts. Come early j
W' -to be sure of securing some^f these.- *
\*' Corded Knki Wash SHKs — ' rhat wil l make pretty Fine Corded Talletas — The kind so much in demand )t
'K spring v.sists 'sri'd w-.sirvt^eil; in shades of gray, pink, at prc3ent for iinings.drop skirts, in shades of blue, pink, •*
ji bvc. inaise, tan and Roman stripes, never k V*J* rcd « nav 7» tan^ castor, reseda, etc.; PZ£Mf% *
E toe rfeuariv aticis than 50c yd.; sale price regularly sold at 75c yard; special sale price £&%J CLr
■ •£ 1 „ 1 , ' -\ 1 ■~-~~ M """~""'-'' w '~~~~"~~~~~~~~----- 1 -----------------
I Yh® HoBBS&hoidl GootSs §&ie |
kl ! First big special event in connection with Pure Food Show %
I J Prices quoted beloiv good until elosing time to-7tight. -5
i*- Stirring news from our domestic, house furnishing and crockery department. Descriptions neces- 3t
■!C sarily abbreviated, but every article mentioned in the list below a real trade winner.
•£ 22-inch Glass Toweling— The 20c kind, ' *h\ 7 5^ Drying Racks, but 9 arms, each Jj
■J yard • • 8c Tea Cups and Savcers— Fine China, deco- X
% Dvssian Finished Crash - Good absorb- ' TV f\ »ted; sc: ot 6, worth $1.50, for 87c J
! i? ent yard • • 7c \<O?^/' 1 1 Salad Bowl— (or berry) Chint, large size. X
I $• Good Damask Toweling- Neat red bor- &v1)Wu ) ' , fan ' y * ha ? f . • Jecor «^ 5iw«d of 75c . . • 47o *
*= , rL" -", > c-_ '■-./•. .}'/>/ && ooc Decorated Lamp, complete with burner and «
;J. der, yard . : • .• • •■ OC {'-^^p^^ chimney, for 340 X
40-inch l Huck Towels— With fringed \^gp^ 45c Cuspidor-Special for two days. . . . 33o 5
, tf ends, each • • • IOC ( "f^S-— -—-^ 63c Night Lcmp -With g!obe, special . . .37c 5
J 22#C Huck Toweb-45 inches long. \ £$£^0? 25c Engraved Gas G!obes- 4 -Inch .. ..Wo *
X each - . - • • • • • • • .• ''\~P ■' ' ,?2_^i^S^ Doub!e E«< Cups- Afchalf price, doxen . . 65c *
& c Dotb'c Bed Shafts - Hraw J , 81x90111., each.. 55G '^gggg^^ia. 5 * - \. 1 , , «
_■ . . ,. . oi-^— — r-S^^p^T?^? Water Tumblers— Fincy enzrared border, regularly «*
P.I.OwCms-Goolquaity. 45x56 in., each.. //c I jft$ tPlT 65c <Jozsn, tbr the two davs, dozen .... 49© 5
J $2.50 B€d Spreads- Mtia-ion centered Mats:aVs j | fc< g/J^g Bread and Cake Boxes-Japanned and d-eorated X
j£ • • i>1iit<J j|j :||i .'::^i?;. ;;,1. tin, with hinge and clasp; 3 sizei on ipecia! ia!e to- "5
ft? $1.35 Basin and Pitchtr— Semi Perec" ain.... Q8C - illi'^^^f- day and Wednesday: . Reg. Sprcial ]J
J 1 S1.75 Parlor Lemp— Brass stand, decorated 3 J.JO H — "^r^^j' **}4***7}2™ 5«c 39o "2
a," 45c Preserved Palms 6 ledf, ea<h . . . . 33c • { =-^- J Jlyl.7^ ■'',.•¥$ ' isftx'ijixStf itr 60c 46c %
M Bissell's Carpet Sweepers- The staniari .. Ifl W_ i3K x 9# x 9>£ in 7°c 57o X
J " . . . ... • .$1.89 H . vjJPl Pi!m Table Mats— Oval, set of three, instead of X
at 25c S«t Knives— Serrat:d edgrs, 3 sizes .. . 19C . ■ \hlfJ0 50c, spec : al 3QO 2
at 2 ?C Meat Saw- Thr family sz= 16c \1^2e32 ' Salt Box— Blue delft China, decorated, tpecial 25c &
| Toilet Soap The Emporium I ' 5ifew^L y i?* \
I Half Price Shoes, $2.50 |
iV J_ . .jr j thest cabinets have th; new safety heat.ng Th-; spring and summer U»UL^9 '5
*' y-VvT^,?/.- -k^TA f J "tZ apparatus, and arc equal to any S5. eocabi- fashions in our popular WM&%t "*
t / S^#% jy«*'" tV 7 net on the market; &*& EZg* S*. 50 shoes for wemen are WMM %
* h%W <L -.™""' S rh » rsd(! >' here for \&3m&U now ready. Peop:e who MI -J
1^ I vWl ==r =^>^- 1 -v^ ~" " e * are accustomed to wearing JD&U ■/',/■■■ <' ; '«ft V
ti Wf!U2a=^»^lS^ theb-sttoi- ■ _ . . _ . ■ _ t. anJ U jhoes are fHl^^^i 5
$ h^ts^s^o^ I;t !O3 ? bar - Liquor Specials :LZ wh^h,- Z JZ MM'j03 *
.» if f; r , - Ealn5 r^ Wednesday Only new footwear th«e MffiyPWf I
>> jny other deaVr in this city has ever offer d. ~T ~. * „ . *,. are a' J&P7 /M XL* 5
a) Our low effer lor an imm-ns- Quantity of Port or Sherry Wine- Good qua!i:y,per j^J.^^ \
K LllXUPia and Parth^nin soap , made ga'lon . . . •••••• • ' • »«° f . . " » c q Qgg&P*^ )f
h K- !.<; Kirk f- Co wTs accented It is Amer C2H Club Whiskey— A weU-ma- lerent styles or ux. .
tf byJ.'S. Writ K Co., w« acceptsa. it h „„,„•,, l»,-j „,, B J, n «# on ford tie?, and 7 styles or hi 2 h cut shoes, made 'Z
it hard millei, pur, Jt oc!c, del cat ,ly pertumed, '^^"^XI^H^JrS of F aten leather,,' colt skfn,, t:c» kid, patent ?
£ a soap that we can safely reccmm.nd to th.is Yellowstone Vhukty or Herald Rye- r • F- jf
ft who have been raving 50c t» 75c a box. The to-day only, bott-e . . . ... . S1.U5 * %
I regular price for this V 35c. and our ipcc.1 fauterne or Reisling- Gojd, sound table The assortment mduies the new B.ucher ,-
i price for the-twodavswi'l be wne; K al]on • • 63O ,nd buttoned Oxtord style,. There are all the -
at -»_, - ' - «,« California Brandy— Chuce grape; ga 1 - desirable kinds of heels, toes, o o X
H 33C BOX fOr MOO \on : S2.15 «c. Ask to sec thess shoes at •$ -?*£>£/ j
I "1 LIKE TO TRAVEL 1
I UN 1M¥ BURLINGTON" I
1| .Yes, people like .to travel on the Burlington, because people like to be treated/ E
H nicely, like to be satisfied. * ] ti
H The Burlington has the reputation of caring for the guests • who travel upon its . |j
H trains just a little more carefully, just a little better than the ordinary railroad — and this |j
Is reputation is admirably sustained. ... /I*
H That's why people enjoy traveling on the Burlington — that's why you will enjoy ' M
n your trip east if you make sure your ticket reads over the Burlington. . Hj
11 When vou are ready to. go East, fill out the coupon below -and mail it to W
pa Mr. Sanborn. You will get i ■ — : —^ — m
H the rio-ht answer to all the W. D. SANBORN. General Agent Burlington Route. r
h. .me ngnr. answer to <ui uic e3i Market street, san francisco. |
H questions you care to ask about Please send me complete Information about the Burlington |
9 the trip. Overland Excursions. R
g.4 I TO gO '" i _ __^^ M^^ . k
jyj ' Best line from Denver to St. Louis. Name ; * r l
ident Amador of the Republic of Pan
ama::
Senate has ratified the Hay- Varilla treaty.
This, great historical fact insures the com
pletion of the Panama canal ' and the protec
tion of the Panama" republic. It crowns my
laborious campaign of fifteen years on the po
litical • and diplomatic fields to save the honor
of the' great' French conception, as I had pre
viously-saved" its life on the technical field
after four 'years of warfare in the isthmus
against Insuperable obstacles. While defend-
Ing the great French enterprise, almost killed
by falsehood > and calumny.' I acted ' In the ca
pacity, of a . French citizen, defending a great
moral " Interest • of France. This excludes all
ideas -of material .remuneration. Therefore. . I
request the \ Government of the republic of
Panama to withhold the salary ; of my office.*
If should form the nucleus. of a fund for the
erection of a monument by the grateful repub
lic of Panama to Ferdinand de Lesseps. the
great Frenchman, whose genius has conse
crated its territory to the progress of the
world for the honor of Panama and the glory
of France and . of the United States.
SENATORS IN DEBATE.
Spend Honrs Discussing t*.c Agricul
tural Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The rou
tine of, the Senate to-day was broken
into bar an executive session on the
Panama canal treaty. After the vote
on the treaty consideration , was begun
of the agricultural appropriation bill.
More than two hours were consumed
in the discussion of an amendment
making an appropriation for experi
ments in stock feeding, against which
a point of order was made by Lodge.
The point was finally withdrawn and
the amendment adopted, but not un
til "Rule 16" had made it3 annual in
roads into the valuable time of the
Senate. The agricultural bill ..re
mains the unfinished business.
There were forty-two marriages to
one divorce in France during It 01.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
MAYOR DEFINES
HIS POSITION
Issues Statement Concerning
Proposed Plans of the City
Council for Water- Works
VIEWS HAVE NOT CHANGED
Is in Harmony With Muni
cipal Legislature, in Which
He Has Great Confidence
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. Z2.
Mayor Warren Olney to-day issued
a statement of Ms position in regard to
the water plans proposed by the City
Council. As announced in The Call
come time ago trie Mayor gave his ap
proval to the plan of appraisers by ac
cepting the invitation of the City Coun
cil to act with its committee in the
feppointmont of this board. In his of
ficial Ktatement he says:
The «at«>m«-nt in one of the evening i>ai*r»
that I approved the Oontra Cost* plan*, etc..
cupht not tfl h«vp <i:sturb»-d anybody, but be
cause there have Iw-m Fr>m* inquiries as to
.what the article n;»-ant I will "■* that m >'
views are the fame now. as th*y have been
at all times on the v.-ater question.
I do not approve of any <Vntra <"-'»ta plan*
»ith which i am «<>qu Hinted.
1 do cordially im« with the Council a<= to
th» advisability, of petunR a fair appraise
ment by expert* of the value of the presviu
water riant for the pun*>w of fixir.K wain
rate* I !-.av a pretty clear and <Vfinito iiea
MM f> that value, but think it a jroo<l thing
tr-T the fity to have an option of purchase at
th<. am-Hit—l value, for I }i4>r*> ami' K-lieve
the a|j»»!?er* wil! he h^nect and mmp'tmt
men. *.nJ therefore <i<i not fear the result of
'their rerdk*.
I am in hearty accord with the <>un<*il fn its
iiieaf for bori'lf for public improvement*, but
et pmtiu <3'> Dot believe the school bonds
Fhiut'i W included in tbe municipal bond ii=
rjf, but f-hould be i>-!«ueri t>y a district, po a*
not to he part of the < Ity's bonded iiidt-bteU
n*»».
However. I have m much confidence in the
buf'.r'W ability and Integrity of our present
«>un'-il that I have no doubt the be«=t methods
»ill be selected.
FINAL FINDINGS FILED
IN* LKXGTIIY WATER SlIT
«Jud£r Gntw ll:«n-1« !><»\vn Decision in
Action of Clousti r& Spring
\ alley.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23, — The findings
of Judge Oreeno in the suit of Mrs.
Jane II. Ciouph against the Spring-
Valley Water Company were filed to
day and confirm the verbal intimation
given by him of what bis decision
would be at thi? termination of the
trial.
He finds that the Spring Valley has
no right to the water in contention
and gives judgment for the plaintiff.
Attorneys William H. Davi%and T. C.
Huxley for Mrs. dough, are each al
lowed J 2^.000 for fees.
J. C. Shinn is appointed receiver of
the ditch company, which Mrs. Clough
represents, and the asserts of the
company will be u$»ed to defray the
indebtedness.
The allegations that the ditch com
pany had been ruined by the submer
sion of its directorate were sustained.
Charles Webb Howard was found to
be the president of both companies.
BERKELEY TRA1V KILLS
PEDESTRIAN OX TRACK
C^orgf James, a Il<»ilrr->lakrr, Ijosos
His Life While Walking to Place
of Employment.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23. — George James,
sl boiler-maker. 56 yen.-s old, was
killed at 7 o'clock this morning at the
end of Eleventh street by a north
bound Berkeley local train. James
■was walking along the railroad tracks
bound for the Dalton foundry, where
he was employed.
It is supposed that James failed to
hear the train in tim*» to get out of
the way. He died within a few min
utes after the engine . struck him.
James lived at 1727 Fifth street. He
leaves three children, one of whom is
liosjp James, who recovered a heavy
verdict recently against the Oakland
Transit Consolidated for injuries she
sustained in a streetcar accident.
James' case is in the hands of the
Coroner.
To Transfer Church Title.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23. — The First
Unitarian Church has petitioned the
courts to be allowed to sell its edifice.
The buyer will be the Unitarian Asso
ciation of America, to which it is pur
posed to transfer the property for a
nominal consideration. The congre
gation will then be given a fifty-year
lease of the premises.
Jaekson's <'a-<* Goes Over.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23. — The case of
II. F. Jackson, former secretary of the
Board of Public Works, charged by
James Van Schaack with an unlawful
pale of a half interest in a Telegraph
avenue stable, was continued to-day
in the Polite Court until to-morrow
for arraignment. . .
Will IxTtiire on St. Patrick's I>?u
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— Rev. Peter
C. Yorke will lecture at' St. Anthony's
Hall in East Oakland, on the'evening
of March 17, St. Patrick's day. His
subject will be "The Day We Cele-
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
bv this marvelous eermicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genuine bears my signature
on every bottle. Address
FVJCK— Y«ta«U« BwkU* n «»w to Tr»»t PU.tt—.
INVOKES LAW
TO FIND BEAR
Captain J. T. C. Nash Awakes
to Find His Gilded Orna
ments Gone From Pedestal
SECURES SEARCH WARRANT
c
Blames the Theft on Univer
sity Students and Declares
He Will Defy Yellow Signs
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Feb. 23.
Somebody has goV Captain J. T. C.
N'ash's gilded bear and the captain
has appealed -to the law to help him
get it back. He lays the blame for
the theft upon the fraternity students
of the University of California and to
day he got a search warrant in Justice
Edgar's court, with which instrument
of justice he proposes to inspect every
fraternity house in Berkeley in the
hope of recovering: the ornament.
Captain Nash occupies the -house at
Cedar street and Lookout place. It
was once the home of Paris Kilburn.
the former harbor commissioner, and
the pilded bear was one of the first
pigrhts that met the gaze of the visitor
upon entering the handsome grounds.
The bear is a California grizzly that
was Riven to Mr. Kilburn and he
prized it so highly that he intended to
take it to his home in San Francisco
when he moved away recently. j
But when Captain Nash looked out
of his front window this mornin^ he
discovered that the prized art work
was pone from its pedestal above the
gateway. The captain could not be
lieve that the bear had walked off of
his own accord, so he investigated.
The inspection convinced Captain
Nash that Mr. Pear had passed in the
night with a band of head-hunting stu
dents. A chain that hung around the
animal's neck was broken off, and the
wooden pegs that kept him steady
against the elements were sawed off
dose to the paws. This evident dese
cration of his ground enraged Captain
Nash and he hurried off to the Justice's
court to get a search warrant.
"1 intend to search every fraternity
house in Berkeley," said Captain Nash.
"I think the bear was coaxed off by
students in search of ornaments for
their places. They teil me that a num
ber of the fraternity houses have put
'smallpox* and "diphtheria' contagion
signs from the health office in front
of their doors, but they w'ill not scare
me off. That bear is too valuable to
be given up so easily."
Captain Nash will ask the police to
help him in his search.
WILL RELIEVE
THE ASYLUMS
Board of Supervisors Is Noti
fied That the County Must
Care for Harmless Lunatics
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 23.
The Board of Supervisors was noti
fied to-day by John W. Stetson, attor
ney for the California State Lunacy
Commission, that two harmless luna
tics were to be returned to them from
Agnew Asylum, and that the State in
tends to put in force a law passed by
the last Legislature providing for the
return of persons hot properly subjects
of the State asylums to. the several
counties whence they came.
Many harmless indigents have been
consigned to the State asylums within
the last few years, whose proper homes
should be the county poor farms. Such
cases are to be weeded out of the asy
lums to make room for persons dan
gerous to t"he community.
Mr. Stetson stated to-day that this
was the first move made to reduce the
number of inmates in the State asy
lums and that other counties would be
served with similar notices later.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Feb. . 23.— As . curator of the
landmarks Section, lire. McClymonds was
hoftes-s of the reception and entertainment at
Kbell to-day. The programme -was very Jn
trtestlnK and seemed to be fully appreciated
by the fashionable crowd that listened at
tentively throughout. The decorations, too,
% ere attractive in their qualntness and quite
li keeping with Hie topic of the day, which
was the landmarks and early history of Cali
fornia. At one ?ide of the platform a belfry
like framework held a chime of old mission
bills and on the walls Indian blankets and
barkets were Futrref-tive of the first inhabi
tants cf tbe Gdlden 'State. _ . '
Mrs. C. W. Rinsey was the first speaker,
and told in an interestlnc way how Cali
fornia was named; how Cortez, to cheer the
drooping prints of his followers,- told them
that in the land they sought the fabled "Cali
fornia." of Spanish romance would be real
ized and that there gold would' be' found In
aLundance. His prophecy was fulfilled, but
not for many years later.
Miss Geraldlne Bcupham's paper on the Pius
Fund was excellent. Mrs. Crane followed with
a jxiDer on the Franciscan FTiars. and Mrs.
Krances H. Gray told of "The Missions." Mrs.
■William Helm cloeed the afternoon's pro
gramme with a delightful little historical
sketch.
The literary numbers were pleasantly inter
epereefl with songs by Mrs. A. E. Nash, ac
companied by Mrs. "R. H. Anerbach. She
fi:.ng Gounod's "Ave Maria," Charlton's "Sep
tember." "The Anselus." by Caldlcott, and
"Until You Came." by Metcalf.
Little Jean Scupham contributed to the aft
ernoon's enjoyment with a recitation, "The
Ai.peiuc/' by Bret Harte.
| Mre. McClymonds was aeslsted by the other
members of the section and by members of
the board. In the receiving party were Mrs.
M. C. Chapman. Mrs. Charles Mau. Mrs.
Ghirardelll. Mrs. ■ D. B. Hunter, Mrs. Welles
Whitmore, Mrs. Owen, Mrs. Jordan, Mrs.
Burchard, Mrs. W. A. Childs, Mrs* James
A. Johnson. Mrs. Gaytes. Mn. Z. T. Gllpln,
Mr». C. B. Parcells, Mrs. von Helms, Mrs.
C. W. Kinsey. Mrs. ■ F.. H. Gray, Miss Crane
and Miss £cupnam.
.■ • • • •
The third grand ball of the Utopian Club
will take place to-morrow night at Maple
HalL .Considerable preparation has been made
and the affair promises to be a brilliant event.
The patronesses are: Mrs. G. Samuels, Mrs.
George Mosbacher, Mrs. Henry Abrahamson.
Mrs. Harriet Marks, Mrs. A. Jonas, Mrs. Ju
lius Abrahamson. Mrs. M. Camp, Mrs. . Fred
Bauer, Mrs. Gus Cohn and Mrs. M. Klein.
• • •
The Ornheus Club concert will be one of
the Me musical events of the near future,
the date selected being Thursday evening,
AZarcb 3, at tbe Macdonouch Theater. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
SLICE OF ISLE OF MAN WOULD
HEAL A WOUNDED HEART
Leona Bonne Sues William Lucien Drinkwater Garey for
Breach of Promise, the Defendant's Interest in Little
Land Off England's Coast Lends a Smack of Romance
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— William Lucien
Drinkwater Carey of Beach House,
Castleton, Isle of Man, which lies near
the coast of England, has traveled sev
eral timps around the world, lived in
every clime to be found on the globe
and has established temporary abode
In half of the lands upon this earth,
only to be served with a $100,000 breach
of promise suit in the quiet and peace
ful city of Oakland. The suit was filed
In the Superior Court of this county
late this afternoon, it being brought in
the name of Leona Bonne, who does a
"Hying trapeze" act in Chicago theaters
that need that particular kind of at
traction.
It is true that $100,000 is a rather
fancy figure to place upon broken
promises and injured affections, but
Leona Bonne insists that- damages
should be awarded in proportion to the
amount possessed by the defendant,
and so she specifies in her complaint
that William Lucien Drinkwater Carey
is possessed of large estates and is
worth at least $250,000, with further
prospects, including a part if not the
whole of the Isle of Man.
In this high-priced document Leona
Bonne further declares that Mr. Carey
is the son of Colonel Henry Carey of
the British army, who served with
honor and distinction through the
Crimean war. and that the colonel's es
tate is large- and valuable.
The alleged broken promise of mar
riage was given in 1901 in the windy
city of Chicago, where the trapeze
artist still resides, and after tearful,
broken-hearted, but mature and math
ematical consideration she has come to
the conclusion that a $100,000 s\ice out
of that Isle of Man estate would be
about the proper balm for all the agony
she has suffered from the fact that Mr.
Carey now has another wife, who is
living peacefully with him in his Oak
land home.
SUED OXCK BEFORE.
Miss Leona -Bonne neglects to men
tion in her complaint that she once be
fore sued Mr. Carey for breach of
promise, at that time putting the sum
of her damage at $50,000. and Mr. Carey
says that he wonders if the price of her
affections will increase with the years
at that ratio and upset the theory that
time he^ils all wounds.
Miss Leona Bonne is still in Chicago
doing her trapeze act in order to keep
warm amid the blizzards of the Windy
City, so that she is not able to tell her
own story, but* between thfe complaint
in the case and her attorney, F. J. Rus
sell of this city, a little of her elevated
romance can be secured.
According to her . complaint, Miss
Bonne met Mr. Carey in Chicago in
1900 She was performing befo-re count
less thousands at a Chicago theater,
and out of those thousands (fame Wil
liam Lucien Drinkwater Carey to tell
her of a love that burned fiercer and
more deeply than the. usual Chicago,
practical, workaday love. They were
much together, she says, during which
times he told, her of the island that
he owned or was going to own and
wanted her to share the sea-kissed land
with him and take all of his love. She
thought the combination a good one
and accepted, and then, she claims.
Carey went to the island" to prepare
it for her coming." Somehow the love
got tangled on the - way, for Carey
married, and drifting "back to Oakland,
settled down.
It is true that the Carey story only
agrees with this torrid Chicago state
ment in the mere dates. Carey an
nounces that* he met Miss Bonne in
Chicago when she was "broke"; that
he helped her out of her trouble out
of mere sympathy, and then left her
to continue his journey to his old home,
where he was married.
PRODUCES LETTERS.
Miss Bonne would support her state
ments by copies of a number of letters
Bent to her attorney which she claims
were written by Carey to her. One
was written on board ship and appar
ently was mailed at Queenstown. It
begins with "My Dear Leona," and tells
of the writer's sickness and how lonely
he had been at leaving her. , He and
a friend had been singing "Bring Back
My 'Bonne* to Me"— a touching - play
upon her name. The letter was writ
ten In February and the writer said
that he would see her again in July..
The next letter was a business let-
WEALTHY ENGLISHMAN
WHO IS DEFENDANT IN
BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT.
tor, in which the • writer tells her that
he had paid hi* former wife, from
whom he had ne£n divorced, $1000 due
on alimony, and^ that as soon as he
paid her $3000 more he would be clear
of her.
A third letter is written from Beach
House, Castleton, Isle of Man, Ens
land. In it the writer says he has
been singing, "Bring Back My -Bon
nie" ag'ain. But "absence makes the
heart grrow fonder," he writes, and he
will 'soon see her again.
Then a cloud appears on their hori
zon, for in the next letter the writer
states he has received a "horrid" let
ter from her, and any one that had
mentioned Ada Conger to her only
did it to make trouble. He assures
her there is nothing in it all and
wants her to write him n nice letter.
Ada Consrer is now Mrs. William L.
D. Carey.
There is plenty of sentiment but no
talk of marriage in the letters. Miss
Bonne, however, has assured her at
torney that she can show by the pro
prietor of the St. Charles Hotel In
Chicago and other witnesses that he
said he would marry her.
PROVES A GOOD FELLOW.
William Lucien Drinkwater Carey
came to Oakland during the year just
past and rented a handsome house at
477 Thirty-fourth street. He soon
proved himself a good fellow about
town, for he hnd traveled around the
world and had the ease and polish of
a man that had been in many places
and seen much. • He had many good
stories to tell of his travels, and he
told them modestly.
He occasionally mentioned his owner
ship of "an island off the coast of Eng
land," but he did not boast that it
was the Isle of Man, nor did he claim
fortunes nor estate across seas.
In fact, he seemed more American than
English, and when he- heard' of Leona
Bonne's suit he swore some good round
American "swear words" that were not
imported and had never paid duty. Mr.
Carey's statement is as follows:
. "This is merely a blackmailing
scheme, but it won't work with me.
This is not the first time that this
woman has tried to make trouble for
me, for only a 'few months after my
marriage, three years ago, she began
a suit for breach of promise. I paid
no attention to It, and I suppose that
it was'simply allowed to lapse. At that
time. Miss Bonne valued her wounded
affections at $50,000, and I suppose if
the matter runs along for another three
years she will raise the amount to
$150,000, increasing it $50,000 for every
three years. At that rate, before I
pay her a cent the total will be a large
one.
"The truth of the matter is that I
met this woman when she was out of
work and penniless and, pitying her
condition, I paid, a bill that! she owed
at the hotel and paid her board for sev
eral weeks until she could get work.
This is a fact the proprietor of the
hotel she mentions can testify to."
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Alvin B. Carpen
ter, 33, City of Mexico, and Blanche
H. Smith, 27, Houghton, Mich.; Ra
leigh J. . Stanberry, 29, Monterey, and
Nara Sorenson, 18, Newman; David E.
A. Millar, 32, and Lizzie L. Smith, 22,
both of Alameda; William S.' Hemen
over, 23, and Myrtle Adams, 19, both
of Alameda; William R. Francis, 21,
Oakland, and Lillie M. Boyd, 19,
Berkeley., \
MAKES A PLEA
FOR THE CHILD
Judge Lindsey, Notable in the
Juvenile Court Work, De
livers a Strong Address
EXPLAINS NEW METHODS
Tells a Story of Effort to
Check the Tremendous In
crease in Young: Criminals
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 23.
City and county officials, the judi
ciary of Alameda County and of Oak
land, Police Department officials and
several hundred members of the
School Department heard Judge Ben
B. Lindsey of Denver this afternoon
in an eloquent and illuminating ad
dress on the work in Colorado of '"The
Juvenile Court and Its Results." The
meeting was held at the Common
School Assembly Hall in Lafayette
Square and was under the direction
of the Associated Charities of Oakland.
Judge Lindsey was the guest of B. H.
Pendleton, City Councilman and
president of that organization.
Superior Judge Samuel P. Hall, pre
siding over the Juvenile Court in Ala
meda County, opened the meeting in a
brief address, saying:
The familiar adage. "An ounce of prevention
13 worth a pound of cure," appeals in its
truth to sense and reason. The principle has
been embodied In the law of»this State . by
which the . Juvenile courts have been estab
lished to prevent the youth from becomin*
crimintilts. The friends of the law and of our
youth have the greatest hope In its adminis
tration. We feel much encouraged after a
year of operation in California. It seems
to be the way to control the wayward youth.
We hope* that under the beneficent operation
of this law that we shall be able to reduce
the very larte percentage of crime among the
youth,.
Amons people who have followed this work
it Ir aerced that under Judtre Ltndsev's ad
ministration of the Juvenile Court he has
accomplished eminently successful results.
WELCOME BY MAYOR.
Mayor Warren Olney was presented
and gave welcome to the visitor. The
Mayor said:
In giving welcome to Judge Lindsey on be
half of cur city I desire to say that he will
speak to us on the most important subject
before the people to-fiay that relates to so
ciological improvement. Really and truly we
recognize the hopelessness of the adult crimi
nal. 1 take it that every one who has reached
years t>f experience and wisdom realizes that
you must besln with the children if you de
sire to make a civilized community. It is
of no use to attempt to reform the adult crim
inal 1 . You must bertn with the child, and
thus.'' you prevent the adult criminal. I am
particularly glad to s« so many schoolteachers
here. They supplement the work of goo<l
mothers with the ch^lld and often do the work
for the child when it Is not done in the home.
Mayor Olney introduced Judge Lind
sey as one who would say something
to encourage others to do their duty
as good citizens in this important field.
At the outset- Judge Lindsey de
clared that the subject of youth hand
ling was close to the home, to the
hearts of fathers and mothers, and
should be close to the heart of every
good citizen. He quoted from Presi
dent Roosevelt's speeches declaring
that the future of the nation depend
ed upon the children and said the
President put the problem of their
rearing at the top of all. He added:
The children present the most important
problem, for the problem of the child is the
problem of the State. I am afraid we are
prone to neglect this important proposition.
Now the home makes the neighborhood, the
neighborhood makes the cities and cities make
the State. If there be complaints about the
rebellion of the boy against the law it is
no reflection on the boy, but it is a reflection
on the parents, the adults, on the State, if it
Is a reflection on anybody. The children in
the cities to-day cecelve less care than first
class livestock. ; That's a strong statement,
but we have got to put it strongly if we want
to wake up the people.
STATE AT FAULT.
Judge Lindsey declared that the
trouble with the child, that which
starts him toward criminality, must
be corrected by the State, by the Judge
on the bench and the officers of the
law.
"But you can't make a rule for
adults," he said, "that will control
children. Yet that is what the State
has been doing for hundreds of years."
Judge Lindsey quoted freely from
records of Eastern cities showing the
alarming increase in crime among the
youth. He discussed the relations of
the State and of parents, to the prob
lem and asked:
What about the shameful, criminal, carelesa
State? The State must meet this problem of
the child delinquent as a wise and lovins
parent. Now as to the Ju -enile Court, the
theory is -not how many does our system cor
rect, but does it correct more than the old
system does? This court is an effort by the
Btate to deal more intelligently with the prob
lem. It is to correct rather than to punish
In this work we must have the co-operation
of the parents and the schoolteachers. It
will be a miserable failure unless we wake
up from the Judge on the bench down through
the police to the parent.
Judge Lindsey enlivened his address
with much anecdote of his experiences
i with wayward youth and of the success
: in method, j He denounced the police
and criminal court operations as man
ufacturing criminals. In the end he
appealed for intelligent and earnest
co-operation of teachers, citizens and
officers of the law to advance the
plans for better control of the way
ward young.
After the address Judge Lindsey
was the guest at an informal recep
tion at the Nile Club. This evening
he dined with President Pendleton of
the Associated Charities, Miss C.
Anita Whitney, probation officer of
the Juvenile Court, and others who
are interested in the operation of the
law in this county.
Grand Jury Meets.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— The Grand
Jury was in session this morning and
had under consideration the matter of
the removal of certain fire hydrants by
the- Contra Costa Water Company
from the Fruitvale district. It is al
leged that they are not the property
of the water company. City Attorney
McElroy and Superintendent of Streets
Ott . were called and examined as to
the efforts they had put forth to keep
the, sidewalks clear in front of build
ings in course of construction.
Innocent Man Goes Free.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— By the con
fession of George H. Jackson, an ac
cused man, Edward R. Williams has
been exonerated of the charge of steal
ing a valise from the People's Express
Company. Jackson, a porter in the
company's employ, is, in jail and Wil
liams has been released.
HOPE TO SATE
CLARK'S SIGHT
Friends of Afflicted Young
Musician Prepare Benefit to
Raise the Necessary Funds
MANY OFFER SERVICES
Son of the Well-Known Choir
Leader Will Become Blind
Unless Given Greatest Care
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Feb. 23.
It is long since the warm sympathy
of people generally on this side of the
bay has been so thoroughly aroused as*
in the case of young Herbert Clark,
for whom a benefit is being planned,
to take place at Maple Hall next Sat
urday night. Young Clark is totally
blind, but the specialist, Dr. Adolph
Rosenthal of the German Hospital in
San Francisco, who is treating his case,
has hope that the sight of one eye may
be restored.
The case is especially sad, as the
young man became blind through the
ignorance or neglect of a physician in
Oregon, who burned the cornea with
nitrate of silver.
Oaklanders are taking a special in
terest in the coming benefit on account
of the unfortunate boy's father, Ben
Clark, who is one of the best-known
musicians on this side of the bay. He
was for years director of the First
Presbyterian Church choir here and
now holds the same position in the
First Congregational Church in Berke
ley.
He is also leader of the Masonic
Quartet.
Several prominent musicians of Oak
land have volunteered their services for
the benefit and they will be assisted by
a number of other clever entertainers,
including Al Hazard, the impersonator,
and Mrs. Carrie Fross Snyder, the read
er. Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter is the
leading spirit in this most worthy
movement and she has arranged a
splendid programme, on which the
names, besides those already mentioned,
of Mrs. Carroll Nicholson, Miss Ida L.
Brooks, Miss Gertrude Hibberd. Alfred
Reed, Miss Florence Enery, F. H. Sew
ard. Miss Josephine Buttlar and Miss
Kstelle Drummond will appear.
Mr. Chapman has kindly given the
free use of Maple Hall for the occasion.
A number of society women are in
teresting themselves and will be pa
tronesses, the list including Mr3.
Thomas Crellin, Mrs. Isaac Requa. Mrs.
Will Havens, Mrs. Charles Webb How
ard. Mrs. Frederick Stratton. Mrs. John
Garber. Mrs. Oscar Luning. Mrs. J. Cal
Ewing, Mrs. George McXear, Mrs. H.
L. Whitehead, Mrs, J. N. Knowles and
Mrs. F. W. Henshaw.
The sale of tickets ha3 been unusually
large so far and everything seems to
indicate that Maple Hall will be taxed
to its utmost capacity. Seats are on
sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a store.
BEGIN INQUIRY INTO
WATER RATE FIXING
Council Takes Action to Save Legal
Complications Should Arbitration
Plan Fail to Consummate.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23. — In commit
tee of the whole to-night the City
Council decided to request the City
Attorney for an opinion as to the
proper procedure for the special com
mittee to follow in the selection of
the city's representative on the arbi
tration board, which shall fix a valu
ation of the Contra Costa Water Com-
pany's plant for rate fixing purposes.
The committee of the whole, in
compliance with the law, began the
required inquiry to-night in the mat
ter of fixing water rates. Councilman
Dornin explained that this evening's
move was taken that the Council
might not be caught napping should
the plan of arbitration fail.
In view of the explanation the com
mittee adjourned until next Monday
night after Councilman Dornin had
requested A. L. Adams, representing
the water company, to supply infor
mation concerning distribution of
water supply to the city of Oakland.
h matter whether in the ri R*n ijf
n JraSnHP* d s^ e or e * e^ t^ iere ' s nothing a
I ffl^W/^l that will give such speedy relief U
H- **r and cure and at the same time H
ft Sls^'x— =3 strengthen the side and restore i
■ ' j" jp^^ energy as an . |
6 / ( I « \ POROUS I
j/ \ Y I Plaster I
at g\ J< \ A vein in th« right side, j|
fe \ 1 r\ \ however, is often caused by I
I \w ii nr^ri \< x which m *y lead to s al1 1
8 2/ \ stones - The bcst treat - n
H /tl p*W^iYyVVl \ ment is to wear an ll
U /V^- I^V / l-VSS'N Ali «>rts Plaster, |
II AUcock's Porous Plasters are not an experiment — they §
n are a standard remedy ; have been used by the American Ij
n people for over 55 years; have been imitated but never ||
I equalled and are without question the most successful 1
1 external remedy in the world to-day, and the safest, for ft
|| they contain no belladonna, opium or any poison whatever, m
■ At1e»clt»«-the mmlj tm«la« portui plaster*. . / Jl
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKIiAXD.
1 1 IS v Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY-
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 17.
ALA3IEDA-
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 50a.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. *
Alanu'da County.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 23.
J J McElroy (single) to Catherine Donahar
(widow), lot on S line of Eishth street, ••> *?
cf West. E 13 by S loo. portion of lot ». bloc*
I*;. Kellersberssr's map. OaKlaml; ♦£* „
Flavlus J. and Mary F. Boring to HatIow P
Bancroft, lot on M line of V\ eston aveau V ..r
Thirty-eighth street). 11<> W of Ruby KtnfC.
W ° • 3 V 12l'..31. K U7.43. 3 1-4.^3. lot j.
block B, Broadway" and Telegraph-avenue Park
Tract, Oakland; *1<>. _, . . „
A F and Rowena Edwards to Rob«rt U.
Watson. L.t on E line of Adeline street (as it
now exists). 2Z*> N of Thirtieth, -N 5O by E
irj. portion of lot S. »!ock C-t»\ map lands _>f
Pe^alta Hoinestead Association. Oakland: *u>.
Oakland Pavlne Company (corporation) L>
Homer G. Fuller. lot on SE Hne of 0 "" 1
avenue. lOO.ls NE of Pearl street, NE 5<>.i«>.
SE 146.47. S\V 5O. NW 144.74. lot 3. block D.
mas resubdivislon of blocks C and D. Hint
Tract, Oakland: flO.
Asnes A. ana R- O. Hoskins t husband) to
If. M. Maxwell, lot on PE line of Howe Street.
S« S\V of Amethyst. SW 35 by i>K !■&■ lot .**
and portion of lot 35. block B. map Thermal
Hill, formerly Howe Tract. Oakland: $li>.
Adeline Mae and Fr.nl Gould n» Giovamna
Vanina (widow). lot on N line of Forty-fourth
street, 29O W of Grove. W 60 by N 100. lot
23, block 2HC, Aldn Tract. Oakland: J10.
Jonathan V Webster and Sarah A. Webster
to Antonio Fonte. lot ;:, block IS. San Antonio,
quitclaim deed. East Oakland: *1-
Mary O an.l James U Barker (husband, and
an atorney) ar.d Grace B. and W. J. Mortimer
(husband) to Georgf W. Austin, lot 5. bloc* h.
amended map of portion of La Loma rark
and Wheeler Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Xeal J. and Josephine McG. McKeon (wife)
to Roosevelt Johnson, lot on SE corner of Ad
dlson street anil gpauldinsr avenue. S 15j*:4.
E VJ!K-2Z>. N 1«.->.71. W tf> beginning of lots 2.
3 and portion of lot «. block 1. map of property
and location of Ppaulding Tract. Berkeley: $1>».
Lucius I'. Crawford to Laura B. Crawford
(wife) lo ton E lino of tteakln street. S0O N of
Woois'ey, N «'>U bj E"1^3. map of portion of
Woolsey Tract, Berkeley; sift.
C. A. Vullleumler (slngl*) to Oakland Has.
Light and Heat Company, lot on SE corner «f
Park street and Clement avenue, S 5O by h.
111:4\, lots A and B. block F. map of <i!a-
Kram of I>ye & Ttowen's resubdivision of blocks
F. O and H. Alameda Station Homestead As
sociation, Alameda: $10.
Wilhelm T. Pasehorn to Josephine Piernttl.
lot on NE corner of Franklin and Third
streets, N 10O by E 7.1. lots 1 to 4. block 32.
Kelle.rsberzT's map. Oakland; $10.
German Paving* and I^oan Society t-> TV-n
C. Noyer. lot on SK corner of Short and Cedar
street*, E 3O by # S 8O:4f£ block 521, Board
man's map, Oakland; $10.
Carrie 9. Richardson, William J. anrl Cath
erine P»accus and Jnwph Wohlfrom to Frank
P. Wright, lot on S line of Thirtieth street.
l*57.0!S \V of Telegraph avenue, W 40. 9 7i>. E
4iV N 73.04. block 2iCO. Rowland Tract. Oak
land; $10.
William Fearce (single) t-> Mrs. Tv\ M.
Bartlett. lot on NW corner of Sixty-first street
(Golden Gate avenue> and Baker street. W .Y\
N li*». E 5.1. Srt. S 12~>. lot 2D, block 7. Butter
Tract. Oakland: ?1<>.
Theresa Johnson to Roosevelt Johnson, lot
on SE corner of Webster and Locust streets,
E 1<*> by S 12*. lot 1. and W 20 fee.t of lot 2.
Boulevard terrace, Oakland: $ll>.
Joanna Walsh to Maria H. and Josephine
Walsh, lot on S line nf Walton (or Thirty-flftH
street), 411:11 E of Saa Pablo avenue. E 5<>.
R 140:1. W W>, N 140, lot 21. Cotter Tract.
Oakland; sift.
A. .T. and Sophie M. Pnyier rwife) to Betfie
E. Wyatt (widow), lot on N line nf Twemv
flfth street. l.V> W of Telegraph avenue. \V 4i»
by N* loo. Oakland: a!?o lnt nn X line of Syc
amore street. 1!H> W of Telejrraph avenue. W
HO by S 100, Oakland; $10.
J. L. and Florence Pchwnteda to Frank K.
Lippltt. lot on N line of Santa Fe avenue. ,■>.".')
W of S»n Pablo ar«nue. X 10rt.«2 by W tH).
lots If) ard 20. map No. 2, William M. Butter3*
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Edward J. and T'herva K. ITampel fn John
Pennycott. lot on N'E Hne of Eighteenth-ave
nue !K> SW of East Forty-fifth street. SW Ji.»
by NW tort, porth^n of lots 13 to 16. block lf>.
San Antonio, Oakland: $10.
B»rry-BanKs l«and Company (corporation) to
Arthur F. Mack, lot on W line of Hillega.'*
avenue. 10O S cf Stuart street. S 50 by W liS,
lot n. block H, Berry-Ear.ss Tract. Map No. 2.
Berkeley; $10.
R. H- Warfield and R. R. Biwlow to Gea
Quong Woo, lot on NE corner of Blair* and
Ellsworth streets, E 4-T by N l.T4:6, Berkeley:
deed and agreem>-nt: $100.
Henry li. and HUma A. Abrahamson (wife)
to Henry V. and Amelia Armstrong, lot on W
line of Ninth street. 42-S.tT. g of Channln* way.
S 30 by W l-".(>. lot 1* and portion of lot 19.
block 136, Corrected Map Avery Tract, Berke
l'y; $10.
Narrowly Escapes Death.
HATWARDS, Feb. 23. — E. K.
Ptrowbridge. son of J. H. Strow
bridge. one of the original contractors
for the Central Pacific Railroad, had
a narrow escape from death this af
ternoon. He was driving four horses
attached to a wagon carrying five tons
of dried fruit over a small bridge on
his place in Castro Valley, when th*
bridge collapsed and the entire out
fit fell into the creek. The fall was
a dozen feet and the creek full of
water. The horses trampled young
Strowbridge into the bed of the
stream and he escaped by a miracle.
He was badly cut by the hoofs of thi
animals.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 2."..— Morris Brooke,
mfmber of the Hoard of Supervisors of this
county, was elected this afternoon secretary
of the Sacramcnto-Ch^mbcr of Commerce.
ADVERTISEMENTS*PLAN TO BLOW
OF A THEATER
Quantity of Dynamite Is Found
in a Playhouse at Park City,
Utah, Ready for Exploding
TIME MECHANISM IS USED
Managers Believe That Scheme
Was Arranged to Wreck the
Place During a Performance
B^ecUl D*.es>atch to Th« Call.
t^VLT LAKE, Utah. Feb. 23. — A
quantity of dynamite, sufficient to de
molish the building, was found in the
basement of the Dewey Theater at
Park City yesterday afternoon. At
tached to the explosive was a time ar
rangement for setting it off. It Is
firmly beJieved by the police and the
managers of the theater that those re
sponsible for the presence of the dyna
mite had planned to destroy the place
of amusement while a performance
was beir.gr given. The discovery was
made accidentally. The janitor, who
seldom groes into the basement, went
there yesterday afternoon and in the
Femi-darkness stumbled over a large
box. As he arose he found that the
box had been placed over a bundle.
The Janitor carried the package up-
Ftairs. where it was found to contain
ten sticks of dynamite and the clock
work referred to. The explosive had
been carefully thawed out and other
wise prepared for its deadly mission.
The police were at once notified and
began work on the case. The matter
was kept quiet until to-day. The of
ficers now say that they have dis
covered evidence of a plot to blow up
the theater while a performance was
being given. They say that arrests
may be expected at any time.
Cockran Is Klected to Congress.
N*EW YORK. Feb. 23. — W. Bourke
Cockran was elected a member of
Congress to-day at a special election
held in the Twelfth Congressional Dis
trict to fill the place made vacant by
the resignation of George B. McClel
lan. Cockran had practically no op
position, the Republicans having no
j;<>minee. The vote stood: Cockran,
TS«S?; Edward Cassidy. Social Demo
cat. T-4; James T. Hunter, Socialist
Labor, 12.
KklStand*a Bigsrest Man Deau.
LONDON*, Feb. "3. — The heav
iest man In the British empire is dead
from a cancer. He was Thomas Long
ley of Dover. His weight exceeded
♦;00 pounds, while he was six feet one
Inch :n heig-ht and had a chest meas
urement of seventy inches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Popular
Vote of 1904
s Unanimously in Favor of Stuart's
dyspepsia Tablets— They Are
the Nation's Favorite.
No article on the market, whatever
be the purpose for which it was
created, can be a phenomenal success
and be universally popular unless it
possesses great and unfailing merit.
Inferior and worthless articles may
flourish for a limited time if their
praises are sung by sufficient clever
and catchy advertising; but their days
are numbered from the start and their
finish is a foregone conclusion. This is
an age of the survival of the fittest,
and only articles of true worth endure.
The unparalleled and phenomenal
Fuccess of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
from a business standpoint is not un-
natural nor surprising. It is due di-
rectly to their unparalleled and phen-
omenal success in curing multiplied
thousands of cases of dyspepsia
throughout the English-speaking
world.
The reason of the wonderful success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is so
plain and simple that a child can un-
derstand. It is this and nothing
jnore; they are natural in their work-
ings and effects. They take up the
work of the worn and wasted stomach
and do it just as the stomach did when
it was well and strong and able. They
actually digest the food and do it thor-
oughly, completely and independently,
thus giving the weak and weary
Ftomach an opportunity to renew and
regain its wasted strength. You for-
get that you have a stomach Just as
you did when you were a healthy boy
or girl and nature restores and heals
that organ and makes it well and
Ftror.g.
A St. Louis business man says: "I
was a confirmed dyspeptic for years.
What I ate had to be forced down and
most of it soured or lay like lead in
nay stomach and did me no good. I
was in constant misery both in mind
end body and came to be cranky,
morose and irritable. My natural dis-
position, which was cheerful and
pleasant, left me and I was alienating
all my friends. Thedoctors did me no
good. I got so I h'ated the sight or
name of a doctor. My wife finally
worried me into buying a box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which I
began taking under protest, as I had
no faith in anything or anybody. I
was sore on creation.
"I had not taken a third of that box
before I noticed a decided and most
welcome change. I could enjoy a good
meal and feel no bad effects following
it. I forgot my stomach and had a
t nance to think about something else.
I went ahead with my business in ease
and comfort. Six boxes of Stuart's
Dyspesia Tablets at a total outlay of
J •'■ cured me completely and I have
not suffered a pain from dyspepsia for
two years. I have an appetite like a
16-year-old boy. I wish every one
•who suffers from dyspepsia could
know what a change this great remedy
made in me."
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box. All druggists. carry them
and the best doctors are prescribing
them. You need not fear that you will
ever be unable to get them; for, be-
cause of the gt>od they have done
mankind and the suffering they have
relieved and the happiness they have
caused, the fame and the success and
the popularity of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets from" generation : unto genera-
tion will endure. . . — .
FIXING BLAME
FOR EXPLOSION
Coroner's Jury Hears the Evi
dence in the Case of the Jack
son Point Disaster in Utah
LITTLE LIGHT IS GIVEN
Authorities Have Difficulty
in Placing Responsibility
for the Fatal Accident
OGDEN, Utah, Feb. 23.— As per ad
journment the Coroner's inquest over
the remains of those killed in the ex
plosion at Jackson Point last Friday
met in Ogden at 1:30 p. m. to-day and
continued hearing the testimony of the
witnesses.
Under the supervision of Justice of
the Peace William Horsley, who is
acting Coroner of Box Elder County,
the jury went to the hospital to get the
evidence of the injured, who are under
treatment there. The Greeks were un
able to understand English, so John
McCart and Arthur Mitchell, two
Americanized Greeks, were sworn in
a.2 interpreters. It was a rather slow
proceeding and not much information
concerning the accident could be elic
ited from the Greeke.
Besides these Greeks the testimony of
Sam Courtney, the conductor of the
water train, was taken. Courtney was
injured about the hips and back and
badly shaken up. He was questioned
as to the rules of the road in the make
up of trains in which there is a car
of powder and as to whether it was not
against the rules to place a car of
powder so near the engine.
Courtney was asked as to who. in
his opinion, was the person responsible
for the make-up of the train and fur
the accident, but he refused to make
any staiement. When asked if he had
any opinion in the matter he said that
he had, but did not care to state it at
present.
George Vosberg, being sworn, testi
fied that he was a brakeman on the
water train, going east. He was riding
on the engine until he saw that the
air did not work and Engineer Luna
whistled for brakes. He then got out
on the cars and set three brakes and
jumped off when he saw they could not
stop in time to prevent the accident.
In about five minutes after the
lision the explosion came. He thought
no one was to blame for the accident,
as the air did not hold,
A. H. Reed, the next witness, toid
about the same story. The jury then
adjourned until Thursday at 2 p. m.,
when they will meet in Brigham City
to hear the testimony of Engineer
Stanton and Brakeman Reid.
WOMEN ALMOST COME
TO BLOWS AT FUNERAL
3Iiss Groover and Widow of Percy
Calhoun Have Altercation at
Grave of Letter's Husband.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Because
the young woman In whose presence
Percy C. Calhoun blew out his brains
demanded that the coffin be opened and
she be permitted to take a last look at
the dead man, and because she tried to
place a floral wreath upon his coffin,
there was almost a general fight at
Calhoun's funeral to-day. The deceased
was married, but he had been associat
ing with Miss Pearl Groover. Yester
day at the inquest the dead man's
widow swore that the Groover girl was
the cause of her separation from her
husband. To-day at Evergreen Ceme
tery Miss Groover appeared just before
the coffin was lowered into the grave
and demanded that she be permitted to
look at Calhoun's body. Mrs. Calhoun
stepped forward and refused the re
quest, at which Miss Grover turned
upon the widow, and but for the inter
vention of others near by there would
have been a hair-pulling match. As it
was the young woman struggled to reach
the widow, but the latter stood her
ground. Then the girl demanded that
a floral offering she had brought be
placed upon the coffin, but the flowers
were hurled across the lot by a mem
ber of the funeral party. Miss Groover
was finally Induced to leave and the
funeral service proceeded.
BIG FIRE RAGES NEAR
IMMENSE GAS TANKS
Firemen Fight Flames Successfully
and Prevent Disaster at Their
Own Peril.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23. — In constant
danger of an explosion of three im
mense gas tanks, each containing
1,500,000 cubic feet of illuminating
gas, across the street, New York fire
men to-day fought a fire in a six-story
block on West Fifty-ninth street, be
tween Tenth and Eleventh avenues,
which was damaged to the extent of
$100,000. The gas remained in the
tanks throughout the fire, owing to
delay in finding the proper officials to
order it withdrawn, and a large part
of the apparatus called out by four
alarms was employed in drenching the
sides of the steaming reservoirs.
The fire had gained great headway
before the alarm was sent in and the
tall building was all ablaze when the
firemen arrived, endangering not only
the gas tanks, but adjoining tene
ments and a business block, but the
damage was confined to the one build
ing.
The front and rear walls of the
building fell simultaneously, several
firemen having narrow escapes.
HAWAIIAN' GRAXD JURY
RETURNS INDICTMENTS
HONOLULU, Feb. 23.— The Territo
rial Grand Jury, in Judge Robinson's
department of the Circuit Court, to-day
returned indictments for conspiracy in
the first degree against Representative
Jonah Kaunalae, a member of the Fin
ance Committee of the lower house of
the Legislature, and Attorney Enoch
Johnson. They are charged with de
frauding the Territory of $312, that
amount having been ordered paid by
the House ■ committee to Johnson for
services which were not performed.
Clerk of the House S. Mehula is also
accused of grossly cheating the Gov
ernment by securing . $450 for twenty
copies of the legal codes, which were
not supplied to the House. The indicted
men were released on their own re
cognizance*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
HANNA GIVES
ALL TO FAMILY
Widow Is Granted One-Third
of Estate, Which Is Valued
at Three Million Dollars
ARE NO PUBLIC BEQUESTS
Heavy Life Insurance Is Not
to Be Considered in Set
tlement of Senator's Wealth
CLEVELAND, Feb. 23.— By the will
of the late Senator Marcus Alonzo
Hanna, probated to-day, an estate
valued at about $3,000,000 is left to the
family.
There are no public bequests.
The principal beneficiaries are the
widow, Mrs. Charlotte Augusta Hanna;
the son, Daniel Rhodes*Hanna; the two
daughters, Mabel Augusta Hanna Par
sons and Mrs. Ruth McCormick, wife
of Medill McCormick of Chicago.
A sister, Lillian C. Hanna Baldwin,
is given $10,000. aunt, Mrs. Helen
Converse, is given $1000, and each of the
grandchildren $5000.
The widow is given the homestead
property, all its furnishings, the stables
and the library in lieu of one year's
support.
Several years ago Senator Hanna
took out considerable life insurance
for the benefit of his three children.
The will provides that these gifts are
not to be taken into consideration in
the settlement of the estate.
The estate in the main is to be di
vided into three equal parts. The first
third was left to Mrs. Hanna, to re
main as her own during her natural
life, and at her death to be disposed of
by the trustees.
The remaining two-thirds is then to
be divided into three equal parts among
the three children, share and share
alike, the shares to be held in
trust for the children by the trustees,
who will conduct the affairs of each
and give to them the income from each
part.
In the event of the death of the two
daughters and that they have no chil
dren, then one-fourth of their shares
is to be given to their husbands and the
remaining three-fourths are to revert
back to Mrs. Hanna or her son, Daniel
Hanna.
The executors, Daniel Hanna, Mrs.
Hanna and L. C. Hanna, are not asked
to give bomls.
SELF-DEFENSE
WOOD'S PLEA
Declares That Rogers Fired
First and That He Was
Then Compelled to Shoot
WOODLAND, Feb. 23.— Cy "Wood,
who shot and killed his neighbor, Verne
Rogers, near Capay last Saturday, is in
the County Jail charged with murder.
Wood was brought down from Capay
Valley last night. According to his
story the shooting was done in self-de
fense. He declares that Rogers fired
first, and the subsequent statements of
Mrs. Wood, who seems to have been the
cause of the trouble, support this ver
sion.
Wood in his story says that he re
turned to^his home from Woodland last
Saturday afternoon and was told by
the men in his employ that his wife had
sent for Rogers, who lives about a mile
east. Wood says that he knew of an
infatuation existing between his wife
and Rogers and he was aware they had
planned to elope. Taking his rifle he
started to follow his wife, and soon
came upon her and Rogers sitting on
the edge of some bushes. As Wood
appeared his wife exclaimed, "There he
is now; you had best run." Rogers, ;
however, remained seated, but Mrs.
Wood arose and ran. Wood said that
he was wacthing his wife; but some
thing drew his attention toward Rog
ers. As he was turning he heard the re- i
port of a rifle and felt a sting in his |
right side. It was only a* flesh wound,
inflicted by the bullet from Rogers'
rifle. Wood then fired and the bullet
entered Rogers' face close beside the
bridge of the nose, causing instant
It was late Monday afternoon — two
days later — before any one other than
members of the family knew of the af
fair. Wood remained at his home, leav
ing the body of the dead man lying
where it had fallen in the brush. His
brother, John C. .Wood, had occasion
Monday afternoon to visit the ranch,
and when apprised of the facts advised
that the officers be immediately noti
fied. Wood was brought to the County
Jail in this city about midnight Mon
day. The Coroner left this morning to
hold an inquest
Later developments tend to compli
cate matters. There is little doubt that
Rogers was shot from behind. In the
back of the head just behind the ear is
a small bullet hole, while the front of
the face is horribly mangled, showing
that the bullet entered behind.
Deputy Sheriff Ernest Griffin said to
night that Mrs. Wood Is In Sacramento,
whither she had gone from Brooks,
Capay Valley, and had promised to
come to Woodland.
Will Expedite Handling of Traffic.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 23.- r Commenc
ing March 1 the Oregon Short Line
will run trains through to Green Riv
er, Wyo., where" connections will be
made with the Union Pacific, instead
of at Granger, as heretofore. The in-*
elusion of this section of Union Pa
cific trackage in the Short Line sys
tem is expected to expedite the hand
ling of both freight and passenger
transcontinental traffic.
Kishenev Rioter Is Convicted.
KISHENEV, Russia, Feb. 23.— At
the resumption to-day of the second
trial of Kurban and Rotar, accused of
murdering Abram Kogan during the
recent massacres here, Rotar was ac
quitted, but Kurban was condemned
to a year's imprisonment for partici
pation in the riots. The damage suit
was dismissed.
BULLET ENDS
LIFE'S BATTLE
Leroy E. Mosher, Weil-Known
Newspaper Man, Kills Him
self on Beach at Santa Monica
LEAVES PATHETIC NOTES
Wife's Sickness and Reverses
in ~ Business Affairs Cause
Him to Become Despondent
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Ruined
in health, his fortune depleted, his
wife slowly dying of an incurable dis
ease, Leroy E. Mosher. for many
years connected with the ( Los Angeles
Times and once 'Us managing editor,
ended the struggle of years this after
! noon by placing the muzzle of a re
; volver in his mouth and blowing out
his brains. The deed was committed >
on the beach half a mile north of the'
bathhouse at Santa Monica. No per
son witnessed it. A woman, whose
identity is not known, was walking
along the beach and came upon the
body, which was lying propped up
against a broad cement walk. She
gave the alarm and Dr. Fisher re
sponded, but death had ensued at least
ten minutes before.
In Mosher's lifeless hand was a re
volver and in his pocket a number of
notes, the text of which indicated that
suicide had long been premeditated.
Most of them were written to relatives
and others to intimate friends, but the
tenor of all of them is the same. They
are the last written effort of a man
who for years had been a ' forceful
writer and there is about their text a
touching pathos, j He considered life
a failure, said that there was no fur
ther use of his struggling, referred to
the popular disapproval of self-de
struction, but excused his action by
saying that greater men than he had
ever hoped to be had taken their own
lives.
He had nothing but kind words for
his friends and did not refer to his
enemies. Throughout the communica
tions there is a strain which shows
that he had long been struggling
against just what he did; struggling
to regain what he had lost and at last
growing weary had in an instant ended
the whole matter.
L. E. Mosher was a native of New
York State and was 55 years of age.
Early in life he moved to Kansas and
when but a boy he served throughout
the Civil "War as a member of a Kan
sas cavalry regiment. After the war he
became a telegraph operator and when
he came to California he entered the
employ of the Southern Pacific, ris
ing through the various steps until at
one time he was' assistant general
freight agent. Fortunate land invest
ments in this section brought him a con
siderable fortune. He acquired an in
terest in the Los Angeles Times and
several years ago greatly Increased his
holdings in that corporation and be
came an active factor in the manage
ment of the paper, bdth in the editor- -
ial and business departments. When
during the war with Spain General H.
G. Otis went to the Philippines, Mosher
was made managing /editor of the pa
per. Subsequently he went to New
York, where hft embarked in an as
phaltum business, which was financial
ly unfortunate, and there he left most
of his fortune. Then he returned to
Los Angeles and engaged in the plas
ter business, ' but that was not very
successful. A few months ago his
wife became ill of cancer, from which
a surgical operation gave only tem
porary relief. On one occasion to a
former associate on the Times, he had
threatened to commit suicide, saying
that his troubles were greater than he
could stand. The remains will be
brought to this city for burial to-mor
row.
WANTS HIS DAUGHTER'S
MARRIAGE ANNULLED
Petnlunm Man DecJAres That She Was
Only Sixteen When She Be
came a Wife.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 23. — James H.
Williams began an action in the Su
perior Court here to-day to have the
marriage of his daughter, Maude, to
Edward Martin Kidd annulled. The
complaint recites that when the cere
money was performed the girl -was
only 1G years of age, and that the
consent of her parents was necessary
to a legal wedding. This not having
been obtained, the groom perjured
himself when he swore that his bride
was 18. The action is brought by the
father against his son-in-law, and it is
probable it will not be contested.
The couple were married on July 30,
1903, in this city, and resided here for
several months. Later they went to
Petaluma, the home of the bride's
parents. ' ■u.'^r.
YE SIGN OF YE PEACOCK
IS NOW UNDER YE BAN
Police Commissioners Decide That
Ordinance Regulating Sale of
Liquors Is Violated.
The license of the restaurant at 229
Geary street owned by J. G. Kennedy
and known as Ye Sign of Ye Peacock
was revoked by the Police Commis
sioners last night. The place had
merely a restaurant license, but fre
quent complaints were made that a
retail liquor business was being car
ried on. Officer Reade was detailed
to investigate and had no difficulty
in procuring cocktails when he rep
resented that he was waiting for a
mythical "Mr. Johnson."
John P. Dwyer, who claimed that
his saloon on Seventh street was held
up on the morning of the 12th, was
also called before the board to show
cause why his license should not be
revoked. Two police officers testi
fied that on the morning in question
he was hopelessly intoxicated and his
place was wide open.' He was given
two weeks further, time in which to
prove he is fit to have a license. .
Officer John Crowley, charged with
reporting late and filing a false re
port, was fined $5. Peter Doherty,
accused of neglect of duty, must also
forfeit $5j of his salary. Michael
Whelton was found, guilty of unof
flcerllke' conduct and reprimanded.
James McMahon was appointed ex
tra patrol driver and Robert S. Cun
ningham a special. The Commission
ers, sitting as a pension board, placed
Augustus M. Caylt, who has been in
ill health, on the retired list.
FRAGERS. | FRAGERS | FRAGERS
Don't Forget This Is the Last Wednes-
day of the Month. There Will Be
Something Doing at Prager's To-Day
• DON'T MISS IT!
The Very Newest, Styles Advance Showing of Our Spring Wa?h Goods
in Women's Garments. Silk Textures. Have Just Been Opened.
-^- -- , . T^HERE is more demand now f I ERE are three items from
\WE are showing s«me pretty j for these pretty si i ks than H our wash goo<!s dcpartme nt
VV new suits and petticoats * f or - anything we have shown , * * , , •
• that are extraordinarily this season Be sure to share in . that cannot be equaled m
good values. A glance at them these values. . P»« and quality.
will satisfy you of their bargain OOc a yard— Satin serrano. 19 DANISH CLOTH.
qualities. inches wide; very soft and clingy. 15c a yard— There have been
Comes in all the eveninc shades, hundreds of calls for this line of
SUITS. black and cream. Suitable for goods within the last few weeks
<?io a" cic tw aio^n a waists and evening costumes. and we have made hundreds of
$13.f>5, $lfe.oO, 91J.75 and promises to inform our friends of
$22.50_The newest spring suits p £ nd^ a^the W K it, arrival. Yestcrdav afternoon
in beautiful mixtures, plain blues, £ re now being shown This mate- our packers were bust cettinc out
brown and blacks; eton or mili- rial washes and" launders well. thcse S°ods. The patterns are
• 1 . 1. j 1 ♦ -~,«,«,i -- j • u ut 1 " more beautitul and richer than
tary jackets, handsomely trimmed , .,c a yard-23-inch black peau anvthi evcr , hown in a similar
with braid and gold buttons, latest de sole: an extra quality at this ]ine in cUv Evcrv vard o f j t
style sleeves. Silk lined. They P""- Th> s I s a re « u \* r ?I °° was boujrht in the East since the
have the style and appearance of Jg^^fe^^ ™£ l^SSgVrk
the finest made suits oHhe season, at reduced price. "VSl color'-
nr-TXirr»AT«» II - ' II pink. blue. cream.
1,™ - ™Z h.n. %i% ;;■"■ " ril ' ;ial - nivy -
dred extra tine black || 1|| *\ SHEETS
week - Pi AUTOES RELIABLE Heavy tack tS?eb;
f&SL extra heavy, 18 by 'A
The policy, of this JP* 1238 • 1250 TVIARKFT ST £jJ Valued at $I^° a
store has not changed. I A^^" J^UVT J-^J^kJCXVL. A Ol.JONESj dozen SocciaL
POLICE SPOIL
HER HONEYMOON
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 23.— Charged
with having been associated with Carl
Anderson in the wholesale fraudulent
land deals, to which he has confessed,
Mrs. E. W. Allen, a bride of two days,
was taken into custody to-day in Pasa
dena and brought to the Los Angeles
jail. She confessed her guilt, but claims
that what she did was done without
guilty knowledge of Anderson's inten
tions. She was married on Sunday to
E. W. Allen, a wealthy oil man of Pas
adena. Before that her name was
Massey, and it was /mly by learning
that a woman named Massey had been
married that the detectives were able
to locate her.
According to the woman's confession
Anderson came to her last September
and asked her to represent herself to
be Mrs. Mary A. Grisvvold, with whom
he said he was in a real estate deal. He
offered to pay her $15, and for that sum
she went with him to the notary public,
signed a deed in the name of Mrs. Gris
wold, made affidavit that she was Mrs.
Griswold and acknowledged the execu-
tion of the deed.
With this deed and copies of it which
he himself forged Anderson went to
Omaha and sold the property of Mrs.
Griswold to a wealthy citizen. Then
he went to Kansas City, and then to
Chicago, selling the property at each
of the places and sometimes to sev
eral purchasers. The amount he se
cured was large and he returned here
a rich man, but was arrested Sunday
night and confessed. He declares he
ADVERTISEMENTS^ j
M^ssHetf^tBiOH^^iMoo. j I l?uTHHABEr/ 1)l . s .^ Av6 ' CMfeA6O . | riiAMt'Mow^esP^^CMiyia.
I thRCC WELL KNOWN YOUNG LAOICS WHO ARC RECEIVING WONDKRFUU J V^-
Y j)\ THH "- "»"• RESULTS FROM THC USE OF, OANDER1NE. \ K I
' !/. - «KOWX.TOWPAKI>iMUK«Ce^CWe^Bknt _ _ _ _ CMe»«* J«b. A ML '
IV , CtarSir*?- Two of my girl friend* ana myself **■»«" been njia* y«mr Oao«eria« lor w*er*t mmtit*. w« all cemxenced uiag ■
If t abort tte M»eUM.«»4w«M«««totwMeb of o»<m»gi*wtt«lbo«e«talr. Fw ■ aw»tfc we am* k Mn a day. after that twfae I*
ll ihtt e Uaei * wrtk. All of w halrta »wch thicker than it waa. and nine la faUy mtihw l»ciK» toayr. It teem* t*e lon^rr it fit*
\\ U« foster ft grow* Are*e«aln«tttt>the very beat stostafti Kindly «mr »t ooe? . -n rt' JH»aMa£- oi«^4i«Am_ I
VV » «e«paetf«lyy A— <«*«» *- w ~~~g' !!■•.«»•*%• J^
We here show photographs of three young ladles vrho are haying a hair-growing race, the loser to pay for al
the tonic used. There is also another agreement entering into the wager (upon which we are not fully uuonnedf
concerning matrimony. We will try and show their photographs again when the contest is dosed.
Nearly Every Lady in the City of Chicago Uses Bander too
And if you will look at the wealth of luxuriant and beautiful hair exhibited in the above photographs you will sea the
reason for it. It is the only remedy ever discovered that will make hair grow ana «top It from fallinsr out (we back that
statement with rive Thousand DoUars). Chicago. St. Louis. Kansas C*ty. New Yorjt and Boston dealers^ are now buyjnp
it by the car load in order to supply the tremendous demand, which its unbounded merit has created. Pretty iuU»tantlal
proof of merit, is it not? Be sure you get the genuine, made only by the Knowlton Danderine Co.. Chicago.
NOW at all druggists In three sizes. 25c, 50c and 81.00 per bottle.
rrnr-rr To show how quickly Danderine aets/wo will send a large sample free by return mail to any one who
|-i l^f- 1 t"* sends this advertisement to the KNOWLTOK DAlTDEBIirB CO.. CHICAGO, with their name and addres3
* -**•■■— **— *• and 10 cents in silver or stamps to. pay postage. .
For Sale and Guaranteed by REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
will plead guilty in court. He confirms
the statement of the woman that she
did not participate with him in a di
vision of the money he thus secured,
but she had acknowledged that she
committed a felony and will be prose
cuted. Her husband knew nothing of
the transaction, and now threatens to
sue for divorce at once.
MARINE ENGINEER IS
ARRESTED FOR BIGA3IT
L. C. King Accused by G. W. McGloph
lcn of Having One More Wife-
Than Law Allows.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— Leonard C.
King was arrested here to-day and
lodged in jail on a charge of bigamy.
The charge was preferred by G. W.
McGlophlen of Seattle, who alleges
that King married his daughter in
that city a short time ago and brought
her to Oakland to live.
Recently, McGlophlen says. he
made the discover}" that King had
previously been married and had a
wife and child living in the East. He
immediately hied himself to this city
and with the assistance of the police
force and after several days' search,
located the couple in a lodging-house
here. King was promptly arrested
and wiU be sent back to Seattle for
trial and the girl will return home
with her father.
King says he is a marine engineer
by trade.
Dewey Sails for West Indian Waters.
CHARLESTON, S. C, Feb. 23. — Ad
miral Dewey, Rear Admiral Taylor,
his staff of officers and Assistant Sec
retary* of State Loomis sailed to-day
on the dispatch-boat Mayflower for
West Indian waters, where they will
witness the fleet maneuvers.
TRIES TO SAVE
RECKLESS SIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 23. — Royal
F. Love charges his father, Fred D.
Love, with being a spendthrift and
yesterday filed a petition in the county
court asking that a guardian be ap
pointed to take charge of the father's
property.
Fred D. Love is a son of the late
Captain Lewis Love and is one o* the
heirs o' the estate, which is valued at
$l,000,g00. The son alleges in his pe
tition that his father is spending his
time in excessive dissipation. Early
in 1903' Fre*d D. Love borrowed on ac
count of hia interest in the estate of
Captain Lewis Clark $S00 and a f«MV
months later $1-00, which money he
dissipated forthwith. He then sol<i
his interest in the estate for JSSOO, far
less than its value, the purchaser
agreeing to pay the $2000 he previous
ly borrowed. Immediately afterward
the father went to San Francisco and
spent all of the 58SOO drinking and
carousing, returning here about a
month ago. It is alleged that he was
prevailed upon by a woman to deed to
her a house and lot he owns on Clin
ton street. She la said to have taken
advantage of hia weakness to obtain
the property without consideration.
He has only about $800 in cash re
maining, which the son avers the
woman is also likely to obtain.
PARIS, Feb. 23. — The Government bill f"«ru
latinsr neconfiary education and excluding
member* of all religious orders from teaching
passed the Senat« to-day by a hl~ majority.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Training Child's Voice.
BT A.NICB TERHUXB.
(Boer TVrlter. Formerly Ptrrttor of Muelc in
the roll»** of St. John th« Baptist,
New York.)
(CopyrlrhC J9O4, by Joe-ph B. Bowie.)
When learning to sing one must ac
quire the habit of holding out the chest
at all times, for nothing Is more detri
mental to a naturally good voice than
a cramped, inelastic chest. The breath
needs all the room possible if good
tones are to be produced, and the
lungs should be free to expand to their
fullest extent. They are nothing more
nor less than the bellows which blows
the air upward to meet the tone (as
LUNGS COLLAPSED AND IN
FLATED—SHOWING GEN
ERAL EFFECT ON THE
FIGURE.
explained in the previous lesson), and
there should be no restriction either
of tight clothing: or weak chest walls
if they are to do their work well.*
Let the pupil practice inhaling long
breaths slowly and as slowly exhaling
them. This may be done irrespective
of his vocal practice, and the best time
to do it would be on rising in the
morning and just before retiring at
night.
Let him try five breaths, one after
the other, as slowly as possible. While
doing this he should count ten (men
tally, not aloud) as evenly as the
Ftroke of a metronome, or better still,
let him use his metronome (alluded to
in a former lesson) for the purpose,
beginning to take his long breaths at
the count "one." starting to exhale it
at the count of "nix" :snd finishing
with the count "ten." This he should
do not more than five times on a
Ktretch at first. As soon as he finds
that he can increase the length of the
exercise without fatigue, however, he
must do so. gradually, until he is able
to take ten breaths in this way without
any fatigue.
This exercise, taken daily, morning
and night, occupies very littU time
and the benefit to be gained from it
is very great, both from a singer's
point of view and as an aid to general
health.
CHEST HELD OUT BY MEANS
OF "IMAGINARY STRING."
It is excellent training to practice
eway from the piano occasionally, for
it teaches the student to listen for the
"Intervals," and to become Independ
ent of the help of the piano. Let him,
for instance, sing an exercise through
from beginning to end and then, strik
ing the final note on the piano after he
has finished, he will see whether or
no he has been able to stay on the key
through the whole exercise. If not.
let him begin the exercise once more,
sing it half through and then, stop
ping, strike the note he has just sung,
on the piano. He will probably be
able to determine by this method
whether his voice began to fall (that
is, whether he began to sing'flat) In
the first half or the second half of the
exercise. This determined, let him
continue to hunt down the offending
note by dividing the exercise once
more.
The principle Is the same here as
in piano playing. If a mistake is made
do not co over and over the whole
thing. There is no advantage in that.
Find out just exactly where the trou
ble lies first and then rectify it, re
fraining from taking the exercise as
j whole until the little points that
need rectifying are all as they should
be.
Before we leave the subject of the
chest I wish to suggest one more aid
to the pupil who is trying to learn to
breathe and eventually to Bing prop
erly. It Is the "imaginary string"
again. I have brought it forward fre
quently in connection with finger
practice, and it will be found of just
as much help in regard to the chest.
Let . the pupil try to imagine that a
string fastened to the wall (across the
room from where he is standing) is
attached to the renter of his chest,
pulling it outward and upward, ac
cording to the illustration. He must
try to feel that this string is pulling
his lungs toward the oposite wall in
cessantly and is therefore causing
them to expand to their fullest extent.
If you try this yourself you will see
the material aid to be gained there
from.
i Now we will take up another singing
exercise. Standing as in the singing
exercise given in the last lesson let the
pupil first assure himself that throat
and chest muscles are all in a free,
relaxed, receptive condition. A little
tightening of even one muscle is enough
to spoil the whole tone. There should
be no feeling of confinement or re
straint anywhere. I cannot dwell too
emphatically on that.
Now let the boy take a deep breath,
and opening his mouth as wide as he
can (while still keeping the muscles
relaxed), let him sing "ah," beginning
on the note C (third space). The notes
to be sune in this exercise are C, D,
E, D, C. and the phrase must be taken
very slowly, holding the last note as
long as all the others together, that 16
four times as long as any one of the
other notes. One breath must do the
whole thing, and after the last note
has been sung the voice should die
away gradually, always as . long as
there is breath to sustain it.
In practicing the exercise just given
each note, while helping to make up
the entire exercise, must be a perfect
whole in itself. In sounding it the pupil
must think of the imaginary circle (ex
plained in the last lesson), and must
try to make that circle cover as large
a space as possible, as the tone follows
it. To aid him in this he may oc
casionally describe the circle with his
hand and arm, while singing the note.
This will help to keep tne voice free,
and will promote roundness of tone at
the same time.
The exercise may seem absurd to you,
but, believe me, it is not so. It is, on
ARM USED TO HELP THROW
THE VOICE UP AND OUT.
the contrary', one of the greatest aids to •
good singing that Uknow of/ Take it in i
this way— sing "An" on C, and as the j
note sounds describe as wide a circle :
as possible with the hand and arm, !
bringing them back to the starting |
point In time for the second note (D). ■
l^pw start around the circle again while ■
singing D, bringing the hand back in ;
itme to begin another circle for the note '
E, which comes next. After this D •
again, with Its attendant circle, and j
lastly C, which brings us back where •
we started. In order to Yf.ep the proper
rhythm (the exercise is to be sung in
four-four time) the final C is held four :
times as long as the other notes, as I !
: explained before. This enables the pu- i
pll's voice to traverse the imaginary !
circle four times in succession on this :
note, helped by four evolutions of his j
hand and arm. It will. Indeed, be aj
help, for holding this note four beats is I
the punii's first attempt -«t a sustained!
tone. If the breath (and therefore tone) i
gives out before the end of the fourth j
beat it need not worry him at all. It }
will merely* denote a lack of strength |
in his muscles, and it is much better |
that way than to have him force the i
tone out by wrongly exerted strength.
As his strength Increases his power to
hold a tone will Increase in proportion,
! and It is quality we are looking for
Juet now. not quantity.
In practicing this exercise should be
repeated once as I have given it. After
this it should he sung in the next key
lower, taking B flat for the starting
note and finishing out the exercise as
before. It should be repeated on each
key and then moved* one key lower
after the exercise is completed. This
mode of practice should be carried as
far down the scale as can be done
without change of tone on the pupil's
voice. I mean by this.wlthout change
In the quality of sound. As I said- in
the last lesson/ we must be careful to
go neither too low nor too high in these
first exercises, particularly with a
child's voice! •
There is another suggestion I will give
for keeping a good tone when once it is
acquired. Take, for instance, our exer
cise of to-day's lesson. When starting
; on C tell the pupil to think of the note
\ D. This will elevate the tone and keep
, it where it should be— In the top of
i the .head. Then, as in the course of the
; exercise the boy sings E, let him think
• of C. This will help to equalize the
tones. It Is an excellent ruler and one
t that the pupil can apply. repeatedly In
> practicing either exercises or songs. It
i is only the old principle of getting
. ready beforehand in one more form.
• The higher the note the longer ahead
• one should prepare for it, and by so
» doing raise the tone of all the notes in
t terveninff.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. .FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN GISCCD VCALiL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to'jOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Pnblication Office <*g||g^> Tlilrd and Market Streets. S. F.
WEDNESDAY ......v \ • • ..."FEBRUARY 24. W
HEAD TAX IN TRANSIT.
THERE is before Congress a bill for an act to im
pose a head tax upon all aliens entering the United
States for transit through the country. This bill
is said to be the work of the Federal Commissioner of
Immigration. If it become a law. all people from other
countries, entering the United States on tour, or for
transit from one coast or port to another, will be sub
jected to a head tax. Professor Bryce coming here to
study our institutions would be compelled to pay it.- So
also would Admiral Beresford of the British navy, if he
came again to visit our commercial bodies, and all of
the foreign visitors to the St. Louis Exposition would be
mulct alike.
We are not aware that any other country has such a
regulation. Europe seeks to encourage father than re
pel the annual influx of American visitors. Only Rus
sia puts difficulties in the way of foreign travelers, and
surely we have no desire to imitate her policy of exclu
siveness and isolation.
Just why the enactment of such a law is sought has
not been made plain. Granting the right of this country
to restrict undesirable immigration by imposing a head
tax on those who come to enjoy our institutions and op
portunities, as permanent settlers and intended citizens,
this new measure in no way responds to that proper pol
icy. As a revenue measure it is not needed, as we are
not in necessity for the money. In a large view this
country cannot afford to set up a policy of isolation that
will exclude the class of alien travelers that will be
turned away by such a law. We want them to come, to
use our facilities for travel and transit, to compare our
methods of transportation with those of the countries
from which they come, and to have free access to every
part of our country for the purposes of pleasure and
observation.
It may be said that the amount of the head' tax im
posed will not deter that class of people. But the
amount exacted does not figure in the matter at all. The
sentiment counts with the class of people who will avoid
us if the law pass. We boast, justly, of having created a
great country, with institutions which arc the admiration
of the world, with productive and industrial energies
that have given us the "primacy of the world's commerce,
and it will be a petty policy to charge an admission fee
to those who want to come and look upon what we have
done, to return to their own country and tell of the
wonders they have seen. The effect will be to exclude
all such people who will resent the regulation as an in
dignity, and we will be put in the same class as Russia
and Tibet. It is strange that any one should propose a
regulation that is but a modification of the isolation so
long maintained by China, Japan and Korea, which we
have aided in breaking down in those countries, bene
ficially to them and the world.
All American shipping and transportation interests
should protest against it. We are now on the highway
around the world. Our Atlantic and Pacific liners carry
great numbers of first-class passengers, who seek enjoy
ment of our facilities for travel and observation. They
contribute not only an important but a necessary 'part of
the income whicirkeeps these American enterprises go
ing. In respect of the facilities which they furnish we
have active and able rivals in the Canadian railways and
steamship lines on both oceans. These compete severely
now for such business, and get a considerable share pi it.
This competition is made sharper every year by the pos
sibility of combined rail and water rates, permitted on
the Canadian lines, but not in practice on the American
lines.
If the head tax be imposed it will mean the end of our
efforts to compete. The first-class transit business will
be diverted to the lines of Canada, and a blow will have
been struck at American shipping and transportation in
terests. It is a bad time to make such an issue. We are
reaching out for other markets and more foreign trade.
We have an annual surplus of the products of agriculture
and manufactures. We are being jealously watched by
our rivals in both. They are ready to seize upon any fact
and to appeal to any prejudice that may put us at a dis
advantage. Nothing can be devised that, will better
serve the purpose of our commercial rivals than this pro
posed law. It can be used all over Europe as an argu
ment against us, and as an appeal to prejudice that may
well countervail all of the advantages we now have in
resources and production.
Until some reasons are furnished for such a remark
able and injurious proposition, all we can do is to take
it for what it appears to be upon its face, and resist its
enactment into law. When the reasons for it are given,
they will be subject to impartial examination, but it
present it is believed that no theoretical benefits can off
set the practical disadvantages which are apparent.
An Oakland creature, misnamed a man because of the
poverty of the language, was sentenced to six months'
imprisonment the other day for brutally beating his
mother. What a pity it is that justice in cases like this
is circumscribed by civilized punishments. An animal
that beats its mother should be branded to warn all liv
ing things to beware.
A PURE FOOD EXPOSITION.
T ! HE retail grocers of San Francisco do themselves
much honor, and promise much benefit \o the
community, by their proposed pure food exposi
j tion, to be held here in April. The work of the Agricul
! tural Department has disclosed a'n alarmingcondition of
sophistication in imported wines and glassed 'and. tinned
goods. It is estimated that three-fourths of the foreign
j wines we take every year are adulterated. This adulter
i ation is not confined to such frauds as dried apple cham
pagne, and still wines treated with gypsum and anti
ferments, but includes the use of agents dangerous to
health. •- \.
California is vitally interested in the exposure of these
adulterations, and in establishing her own commercial
honor, because we produce and purvey a majority of the
articles which are the subject of adulteration abroad.
1 Other nations are as particular as we are about the
. sanitary conditions of their imports, and one necessary
i "precedent to finding a .market for our products is the
I establishment of their purity. .'■';.'■-'.
;j Already it is reported that the proposed exposition has
• fifty-seven applications for space, and as this was before
s the intention to have an exhibit was made public it
! shows an admirable spirit on the part of the projectors
! and exhibitors. We want it established that our wines,
r jellies, jams, canned goods, dried iruits, spices, syrups,
. brandies. and other luxuries and necessities are pure and
I 1 wholesome, so Jiandled and preserved as to make them
[ I fit for use, and beneficiahinstead' of risky and harmful.
I' The consumers cannot effect.this. . Itmust be done, by
the producers and dealers. The retail grocerymen stand
next to the consumer, between him and the producer and
manufacturer. When they show this excellent deter
mination to secure purity of the articles in which they
deal, and enforce it by refusing to handle goods that are
impure, a long and important step will be taken admoni
tory to the producer and manufacturer. Perhaps the
negative resistance to sophistication is the most power
ful. When the retailers combine to .sell only an article
that is pure, the same class of goods impeached for im
purity will be cut off from the means of reaching the
consumer, and to find a market -their producers must
conform to the sanitary standard.
One objection heretofore urged to the pure food
movement has been the supposed necessity of blacklist
ing and exposing noxious and unfit goods. This is ob
viated by whitelisting pure and fit products. In that
way the producers and manufacturers who strictly ob
serve the principles' of commercial honor get their re
ward and the adulterators get their lesson.
The general public will show a proper spirit of en
couragement of a movement that so intimately concerns
its welfare^ These retailers stand for the cradle and
0 m
against the grave, for a chance for children to grow in
strength unpoisonedby the food they eat, and for the
health of men and women, and for that vigor which
equips them for the duties of life. x
A young man of this city, who was draughtsman by
day, counterfeiter by night an<f professedly a Christian
on Sunday, has met the fate of everybody who tries to
be a jack-of-all-trades and a master of none. To have
been successful in any one of the three professions he
essayed would .have consumed all of his time and intel
ligent activity.
OCEAN SHIPPING INTERESTS.
AT a recent hearing before the House Committee on
Merchant Marine and Fisheries a number of im
portant facts were submitted bearing upon the
urgent need of legislation for the upbuilding of our mer
chant marine. To a large extent of course the facts were
essentially the same that have been so often repeated
during the campaign of education carried on by the
friends of American shipping, but some of the statements
concerning the personal experiences of shipowners and
shipbuilders were new and merit attention by reason of
the light they throw upon the obstacles in the way of our
shipowners when competing for trade against the subsi
dized ships of other nations.
One of the most interesting of these personal state
ments was made by Alfred Windsor, president of the
Boston Steamship Company. A report of the hearing-,
given by the Washington correspondent of the Iron Age,
■
says:
"Mr. Windsor gave some practical illustrations of
present conditions in the shipbuilding industry. Several
years ago, when- the subject of aiding the merchant ma
rine was agitated in Congress, the Boston Steamship
Company began to build, a 5000-ton vessel, and another
new company was started which built two vessels of 12,
000 r ton's, capacity each. The original intention was to
run them to England, but the expected Congressional aid
did not come, and it was soon reen that there was no
opportunity in running to British ports against the sub
sidized mail steamers. Then the company made up
its mind that, as the United States had taken possession
of the Philippine Islands, there was a chance to build up
a line to Manila. The ships referred to were therefore
placed on \he Pacific Coast and were run from Puget-'
Sound and Seattle to Japan, Hongkong, Manila, Vladi
vostok and Port Arthur. But right alongside of these
vessels a line of British ships is running, that of the
Canadian Pacific Steamship Company, subsidized to the
amount of $.500,000 a year, while running directly into
Seattle is a Japanese steamship line receiving^ $800,000
per annum in subsidies in addition to a bounty of $10 per
ton for every ship that is built. There is not sufficient
merchandise moving to and from the Philippines to begin
to load the company's large ships and a heavy annual
loss is being made. Such a business cannot be carried
on indefinitely and the only end in sight is the hauling
off of those ships or placing them under a foreign flag."
The experience of the Boston Steamship Company is
not an isolated case. As a matter of fact the inability of
American ships to compete with the subsidized lines of
other countries is now so well recognized that the con
struction of deep sea vessels in American shipyards for
American owners has virtually ceased. It is stated that
since June, ioor, not a keel has been laid in any American
shipyard on either coast of the United States for one
steel ship designed for. foreign commerce. That is the
condition to which our once proud shipping industry has
been reduced. While our foreign trade is advancing by
leaps and bounds we are paying tribute to foreigners to
carry it, as if we were, incapable of maintaining a mer
chant marine of our own. .
With something of a spectacular flourish and a touch
of sentiment, that carries more than a suggestion of
sham, Japan has made known to the world that the
court jewels are to be pledged to increase the war
funds. In our stern matter of fact days, however, accu
racy of gun fire, not maudlin sentimentality, counts in
the game of War. A plethoric war chest is the most
vital element in war's success.
A United States lieutenant and six privates contrib
uted with their lives recently to our splendid scheme of
imperialism and expansion. The unfortunates were
murdered by the natives of Samar, who areTnow in the
process of civilization. Few of us even know the names
of the victims.* Fewer still even care who they were.
As our mass expands its individual components become
of less and less importance.
Perhaps the affair that most deeply concerns Oakland
as a municipality at the present time is a united effort
of her citizens to beautify their town. No worthier pur
pose can: inspire the people. We give too much to util
ity, too little to the ideal; too much to commercialism,
too little to that ultimate purpose for the success of
which commercialism should be only a means to an
end.
Having very thoroughly occupied Korea, Japan, it is an
nounced, is in.no haste to advance the operations of her
land campaign. Everything indicates at St. Petersburg,
however, that the progress made by the brown men has
been rapid enough to suit the most captious critic. «.':
'- Dr. Amador has been chosen the first President of
the new republic of Panama. Let us hope that he may
prove himself the great ruler of a small people and that
his introduction into the family of nations will never be
cause of regret for his sponsor and protector. \
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The Father.
Pietro wanted of all things in life— a
goat. Every morning when he went
down the hill to his work in the smell
ing kitchen of Lotnbardo's restaurant
he would stoo off at the home of old
Gregorio. there* in the little green patch
on the edge of the quarry, and he would
look longingly at the little brown and
white mottled kid which skipped about
on the hill crest with its queer little
stiff legged hops, so near and yet so
far out of reach. For old Gregorio had
said that he would sell it for $2 if
Pietro could raise the money before the
end of the month; otherwise the gay
little animal went to the butcher.
So it was that every evening when
Pietro had climbed up the cleated
streets of the hill and fc-und himself
again in hi* cubbyhole of a room he
would go to the mattress on the floor 1
and pull out from under it the shiny 1
cylinder bank for dimes which he had
received from the good priest on
Christmas. Day by day the increas
ing pile of dimes within registered
nearer and nearer to the $2 mark, and
Pietro had already made arrangements I
with Beronio to allow his kid the run ,
of the little back yard up near where ;
the old castle use,d to stand. !
One gray night when Pietro had
climbed back to the dingy shanty he
called home he heard the familiar
sound of woman's walling and hoarse
curses within. The father was drunk
again. Pietro sneaked in by the back
way and was stealing to his room on
the top floor, when he sickened and
paused at the sound of the family
racket coming from his own room. He
peeped through the open door.
There was the father bending over
something held, up to the dim light at
the window, cursing as he worked at
it with a knife. The mother was rock
ing from side to side on the bed, feebly
beseeching the father to cease.
Hardly had Pietro had time to gasp
when there was a sharp click, a thickly
muttered "ah-h" from the father, and
from the little bank which he held in
his great red hand there flowed a silver
stream, tinkling into his pocket.
And the morrow was the last day of
the month.
Saviug His Wages.
"It is really remarkable what same
men will do when their appetites are
stronger than their wills," said a cer
tain prominent attorney to a group of
listeners down in the clerk's office of
the United States District Court the
other day.
"Now I know a printer who is em
ployed on one of the morning papers
here in town, who has to take a re
markable precaution against his love
for a little tipple on each recurrent
Saturday night. Just as regularly as
the end of the week comes around the
unfortunate printer starts out to for
get himself and dcas not come to until
Monday morning. Until recently every
Monday morning saw him 'broke' abso-
lately.
"But, finding that he was powerless
to abstain from his weekly period "of
gilded joys and the consequent impov
erished exchequer of Monday, this man
adopted a peculiar remedy— against the
blue Monday only. I am sorry to say.
Every Saturday when he received his
week's pay he would go around to
the branch postofflce on New Mont
gomery street and there make out and
mail to himself a money order for all
of his salary save the $5 which he had
set aside for his 'bust.' Then on Mon
day the postman would bring to his
lodgings the money order and the prin
ter's purse would be saved for the re
mainder of the week."
Elm Tree or Palm.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.
Editor Call: As a subscriber to your
paper and a property owner on Tele
graph avenue and an opponent of the
elm tree planting on said avenue, I
was much interested in an article in
your editorial of February 14, which
reads, "it goes without saying that if
a winter inonth picture of a Southern
California scene had no trees in It but
the leafless elm. sycamore and other
deciduous trees, it would attract no at
tention at all.
"As a start at pulling together we
advise Oakland and all cities in this
section of the State to pull up their
deciduous trees on the streets and put
instead palms, etc.
' r A professor in the university lifted
his pen against the palm and he is
from a wintry country; he desires to
give a winter aspect to our cities."
The professor has captured our city
government.
I have not heard of a single property
owner on the avenue who wants the
elm tree. Their objections to it would
take up too much space in your paper.
I have informed Mayor Olney myself
of the people's opposition to the elm,
but he Bays it has been decided upon;
that On the streets running north and
south it will be the elm or sycamore
and east and west the palm.
That is the way the matter stands.
Southern California will be all summer
in appearance and we will be half and
half — half summer and half winter.
This to please a professor of the uni
versity. Yours truly, i %-, 7
J. F. W. SOHST.
Pension Oddities.
The economists, for instance, mny !
find consolation in the statement made
here that the pension system was the
greatest as a burden to the people of
the United States in 1893, since which
time the burden has been constantly
decreasing until it has shrunk in ten
years from $2 24 to $1 32 per $1000 of
taxable wealth. In ten years more,
Mr. Ware thinks, the burden will cease
to be noticed, unless some new legisla
tion, is enacted, such as that recently
demanded by the Grand Army of the
Republic, in which case it may be
larger for a while instead of tesa. The
report places the total number of pen
sioners now on the rolls at 996,545, of
which 729.356 are soldiers and 267,189
are widows and dependents.
, It is interesting to learn that what
the Commissioner calls "the unknown
army," that is, the living soldiers of.
the Civil War who have not applied
for pensions, numbers about 200.000,
or. about 30 per cent of the total nuxn-
her of survivors, who are placed at
about 900.000. This "unknown army
is applying for pensions at the rate
of about 14,000 a year. Mr. Ware
estimates that if the pension laws re
main unchanged this army in five
years more will be reduced to about
60.000 and in ten years will cease to
be a factor. The Union soldier who
has the distinction of' being the first
to have a claim allowed at the Pension
Office appears to have been one Leo
pold chair a member of Company
G of the Twelfth Regiment, New York
Militia Infantry, whose claim was al
lowed August 12. 1861. Mr. Charrier.
it appears from the record, was dis
charged from the service August 6.
I 1881, "because of ,i gunshot wound
through both arms, received while at
drill by accidental discharge of a mus
1 ket. The woman who obtained certifi
cate No. 1 as the widow of a Union
soldier was Mrs. Caroline Ohl of
Washington, D. C, whose husband was
killed in a skirmish at Great Falls.
Md., in June, 1861.
Five pensioners are on the roll on
acount of the Revolution. 1118 on ac
count of the war of 1812, 4734 on ac
count of the Indian wars and 13,874
on account of the Mexican War. — ■
Leslie's Weekly.
Germany's Little War.
While watching the extreme Orient
with breathless concern the world haa
failed to realize that war on a smaller
scale, but of the most ruthless charac
ter, has been raging for months in Ger
man Southwest Africa. News from that
section of the globe Is obtainable only
in the merest driblets. But the meager
telegrams, that leave most of the story
untold, indicate nevertheless with ter
rible clearness that the white conquer
ors are fighting a hard-pressed battle,
not only for supremacy but for exist
ence. A small host of civilized men,
trusting to the power of higher intelli
gence and modern imp!ement3 of war,
have pitched themselves against the
overwhelming numbers of a barbaric
native population. And, as always
when such is the case, a struggle be
tween the invaders and the indigenous
threatens to bring with it that most
awful feature of war— the massacreinjj
of women and children. Rumors have
already told of the slaughtering of
whole German families and the tortur
ing of captives by the rebellious blacks,
but so far they have remained unveri
fied.
The territory involved lies In the
southwestern corner of Africa, imme
diately north of Cape Colony, from
which it is separated by the Orange
River. It stretches itself some 900 miles
along the coast to the north, with an
average width of about 500 miles. Its
total area exceeds that of Texas by just
one-fourth. The coast districts are only
wastes, but the inland, which is moun
tainous, offers excellent chances both
to the agriculturist and the miner. The
total native population is thought to
number 200,000. while the whites do nut
exceed 7000.— Collier's Weekly.
Anszi'ers to Queries.
SCHAFF— Subscriber, City. Philip
Schaff, who was president of the Amer
ican Bible Revision Commission, held
that office from 1388 until 1833. the year
of his death.
ALASKA — Several Readers. Kins
ley, Cal. Alaska, containing 580,000
square miles of territory, was pur
chased^ from Russia by the United
States in 1867. under the provisions of
the treaty of March 30 of the same
year, for $7,200,000.
LOCOMOTIVES— S. R. L., Fort Ba
ker, Cal. The cost of the modern lo
comotive is from $10,000 to $16,000.
according to style and Capacity. The
mogul, ten-wheelers, for passenger
trains, coat $12,500, and the monsters
such as are now in use on the Santa
Fe cost $16,000.
NEW POSSESSIONS — Subscriber.
Oakland. Cal. The aggregate area erf
the new possessions of the United
States, which includes the Philippine
Islands, Hawaiian Islands, Porto Rico,
Isle of Pines (West Indies), Guam Isl
and and Tutulla group, Is 154,470 square
miles, or 08.860.800 acres.
NEW ORLEANS — Old Subscriber,
City. No battle was fought In the city
of New Orleans during the Civil War.
It surrendered to the Union forces
April 28, 1862, after Farragut de
stroyed Forts Jackson and Fisher on
the Mississippi. The Union fleet ap
peared before New Orleans April 25
and three days later It surrendered,
after duo notice that if it did not it
would be bombarded.
JACKPOT— J. J.. City. When "Jack
pots" Is Introduced In the game of
draw poker each player In turn, com
mencing with the one at the left of
the dealer, declares whether he can or
will open the pot; if he declines to
open he says, "I pass"; if hte has the
requisite hand and elects to open he
says, "I open." According to this rule
a player having the requisite hand to
open the pot may do so or not.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. SOc a pound. In artistic firs
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. '
Special information supplied daily tc
business houses and public ro«n by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104& *CITY FATHERS DISCUSS THE AFFAIRS OF THE MUNICIPALITY
WILL CONSIDER
MAYOR'S VETOES
Supervisors' Committee of the
Whole to Probe Reasons for
Non-Approval of Wator Hills
BOCK CRUSHING UEGULATE1)
Ordinance Requiring a Permit
tnid a Bond to Carry on Oper
ations Is Final Iv Passed
Th» Mayor** vetoes of bills presented
b>" thf fcprin* Valley Wnt«=r Company
fur water furnished ta th<> city and fr>r
hydrant* were referred by the Board
of Supervisors yesterday to the com
mittee of the \vhol«» of the Ivrard now
conductfns the ivat«r rate investiga
tion, f upervisnr Braunhart stated that
un!ep« the board desired to be in con
tempt of the United States court it
would have t« pass the bills.
The ordinance amendatory of bill No.
1254. providing that in all brick build
ings except Fo-called class A or fire
proof buildings U5ed as hotels, apart
mpnt-houses, tenement-houses or lodg
inp-houses thire fhall be wide hall
ways leading to the fire escapes, the
doors to which shall be provided with
a full glass panei, besides adequate ap
paratus for the breaking nt the panel,
was referred to the joint Committee
on Judiciary an' Fire. W. ii. MoosCr,
represt-ntinp the Chapter of Architects,
objected to the requirement of a clear
passage to the front of the building
because it would reduce the rental
value Assistant Chief Shaughnessy
favored the open passageway to the
*>XitS.
The assessment and diagram made
by the Board of Works were confirmed
in the matter of the construction of a
ecwer in Hodges alley.
The roadways of Bond street between
Twelfth and Thirteenth. Zanders street
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth and
Fremont avenue between Frederick
Ktreet and Fan Miguel Rancho were
fully accepted.
Mrs. John A. Russell was granted
permission to move a two-story build
ing from McAllister street, between
Franklin and Gc-ugh. to the southwest
corner u€ Hayes* and Scott streets.
Grades were ordered changed at cer
tain points on Fourteenth street, near
Castro.
The ordinance regulating the busi
ness of rock crushing so that permits
for the same must first be granted by
the board and a bond filed to insure
the payment of damages was finally
passed by a vote of ten in favor and
fve against.
The petitions for the extension of the
so-called "two cow" limits were re
ferred to the Joint Health, Police and
Street Committee.
The ordinance granting a permit to
the Moody Estate Company to con
struct a fcDur track on Seventh street,
bet wet n Irwin and Hooper, was passed
to print. Similar action was taken on
the bill appropriating an additional
$1000 for the experting of municipal ac
counts by the Hagsell Audit Company.
Bids for doing the official advertis
ing for the city were opened and re
ferred to the Printing Committee. The
Post Publishing Company bid 15 cents
for each half inch insertion. An un
signed bid for 8% cents for each half
inch was submitted by the • Journal
Publishing Company. The fact that it
was not signed was a clerical over
sight, but may invalidate the bid.
The California Commandery of
Knights Templar was given permis
sion to erect a reviewing stand at the
intersection of Market street and Mar
shall Square for the purpose of review
ing the parades during the Triennial
Conclave to commence September 5,
1S04.
The Board of Works was requested
to furnish an estimate of the cost of
making the improvements contem
plated as part of the conditions of a
deed from the Spring Valley Water
Company conveying certain lands for
the extension of Nineteenth avenue
from Trocadero road to Ocean avenue.
Mrs. IUack Amends Complaint.
Mrs. Kate Black, a stockholder in
the Mexican Anthracite Coal Mining
Company, -who recently sued it to re
cover the amount she invested in its
bonds, filed an amended complaint
yesterday. Her latest document in
cludes the allegation that a recent
mortgage effected by the corporation
effects the interests of the stockhold
ers and should be incorporated In the
original complaint
POSTUM CEREAL.
DOCTOR EXPLAINS
His Article tn the Medical Magazine
About Coffee
One of th^ most famous medical pub-
lications In the United States Is the
"Alkaloldal Clinic," In a recent number
cf which an entertaining article on cof-
fee by a progressive physician and sur-
geon Is published. In explaining his
position In the matter this physician
recently eaid:
"In the article in question I really
touched but lightly upon the merits of
Postum Food Coffee. I have had sev-
eral cases of heart trouble. Indigestion
and nervousness where a permanent
cure was effected by merely using Pos-
tum In place of coffee without any oth-
er treatment.
"In my own family I have used Pqs-
tum for three years, and my children
actually cry for it and will not be satis-
fied with any othcr^ beverage. Indeed,
tliey refuse to eat until they have had
the customary cup of Postum, and as
Jt is a rebuilder and does nothing but
pood I am only too glad to let them
have It-
"To get the best results we boil the
Postum at least twenty minutes, and;
it is then settled by adding a little cold
"water; then the addition of fresh cream
makes a beverage I now prefer to the
-very best coffee." Name given by Pos-
tum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
• Authorities are agreed that Postum is
» wonderfully quick and sure rebuilder.
Ton days' trial in place of coff«e proves
Iy>ok in each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to WeUville." • I
DISCLAIMS ALL
RESPONSIBILITY
Supervisors' Health Committee
Explains Connection With
Beef Contracts at Almsliouse
MAKES LONG STATEMENT
Says It Always Insists on a
Strict Compliance With Speci
licalions Regarding Supplies
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
reopivrd a statement submitted by Su
pervisor O'Anrona, chairman of the
Health Committee, relative to the po
sition occupied by the committee in
th<j matter of awarding contracts for
beef at the Almshouse. The state
ment follows:
As the action of the Committee on Hospital
and Health of your predecessors In awarding
contract* for b*-«-» at the Alm«hcu*«» has been
C(jmment»d on in a report of a committee of
th<? Board vt Health as published, by the press,
I present the following Matement in <«rd^r
that jour honorable body may be advised of
tht- facts in relation thereto.
About three years ago the hospital commit
tee in oi*n session was- consider! nt the bids
fcr dry eix>ds, drugs, KUpplley. etc., for the
City and County Hospital. Representatives
of the various biddvri! were pr^nent. The bhl«
for the Aim* house had already been opened
and contracts awarded by the Hoard, of Super
visor*. I called tlie attention of the commit
te«? t« the fa.u that the bids were higher for
several articles, notably coal and tx'ef. than
for the MOM article* on the schedule of the
Almshouse and afked the committee to con
sider the advisability of rejecting all »uch
hiils. it wan explained by one of the bidders
that t*>e coat of some rupiilire furnished the
hoK£>lta1 would bo greater because under the
tornis of the <=i>eciflcaiions the contractor was
ro-.'jired to deliver the supplies at the hos
pital, whereas the Almi-house attended to the
delivery itself. Cine of the bidders stated that
while the then Kui-erlntendent of the Alms
house niii late Captain Ueddy) required first
class meat, the commiMary of the hospital de
mandfd meat that was not only flrst-claes,
but the choicest and best of the first class, re
jecting beef for the most trifling reasons. None
of the bidders and no member of th« commit
tee xuBgefted cr Implied that meat or anything
else was to he supplied the hospital or Alms
hou*<* inferior in quality to the requirements
of the specifications. Considering that the In
mate* of the hospital are sick with acute di6
e&Ke the committee decided that the city
fhuuid be willing to pay a little more that
the patients at the hospital might .receive the
best obtainable supplier. During the last four
year* b<»ff furnished the Almshouse has cost
'.C-l'x*. 5:;-l<«i, :;ii- lini and .'IB-loo of a cent, re
spectively, 1»>fs than that furnUhed the hos
pital. M the F;>eclflcetions prepared by the
t^uiwrvipors calling for !«ef, frech, first quality
American steer, be enforced by the superin
tendent und commissary, the meat received by
the Inmates of the Almshouse must be fiatls-
Your Committee on Hospital and Health has
invariably informed the bidders at the time
twardf were made that no far as It was within
the power of the Supervisors contractore would
be required to meet the terms of the specifi
cations, and where the superintendent of the
hospital or AlmEhouse has complained that
contractors were offerins supplies that were
not !n accordance with the specifications your
committee has directed that the superintend
ent reject the supplies and make their pur
chases in the open market, charging the ex
eesf In price to the contractors. During the
four years that the undersigned was chair
man of your committee and during the two
months of the present administration there
has not been one case in which the commit
tee or any of Its members has allowed or agreed
tr» allow the acceptance of supplies except in
accordance with the terms of the speclfica-
As the superintendents and commissaries of
the hos»iit«l and Almshouae are not appointed
by the Supervisors and are not subject to their
direction, receiving their appointment and or
ders from the Board of Health,- the Super
visors cannot be held responsible for the man
ner in which they perform their duties.
During the last four yaers t* "^spital Com
mittee has taken the greatest pains to arrange
contract schedules that wo"uld include every
thing that the various Institutions would re
quire, to prepare specifications such that the
greatest possible number of bidders may com
pete for the city's business, and that con
tractors may be held to the terms of their
agreements. For the faithful execution of
these contracts the Supervisors are dependent
upon the Board of Health.
GIVES EVIDENCE
AS TO VALUES
Manager of the San Francisco
Company Answers Supervi
sors' Questions in Gas Inquiry
The Board of Supervisors yesterday,
sitting as a committee of the whole,
resumed its investigation into the
financial operations of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company with
a view to fixing the rates to be charged
for light and power during the next
fiscal year.
General Manager Lawless submitted
statements regarding the valuation of
the three olants absorbed by the cor
poration named and explained in de
tail the various amounts- fixed as the
value of soeciflc items in the state
ments. So desultory was the inquiry
that most of it was conducted with
only eight Supervisors present, or two
short of a Quorum.
In his statement General Manager
Lawless said:
The actual cost and valuation of the entire
manufacturing gas plant we fix at $9,476,-
K7UO5; of pipes, at $7,075,868 05; meters, $813.
651 76; lamps, J77.4V.» 67.
In the manufacturing Hem the Pacific Com
pany is valued at $ 1.680.598 60; the Independ
ent Company, $641,691 14; the Equitable Com
pany. $221,741 08, or a total of $2,653,037 73 for
the three companies, leaving the original San
Francisco Company's valuation at $0,623 -
811 22.
There is Invested in the Pacific Company
$2,717,147 80 In pipes; Jn the Independent Com
pany, $1,238,322 12; Equitable Company, ?1M,-
«J5 — a total of $3.1)11.715 57, leaving $3.
161.153 38 as the value of the pipes of the old
San Francisco Company.
In meters the Pacific Company has Invested
the sum of $306,813 69; the Independent Com- I
pany, $8fi,270 65; Equitable Company, $55,
r>SS 22— a total of $150,702 46. leaving the sum
of $3(2.019 30 invested by the San Francisco
Company in meters.
In lamps the Pacific Company has $336 70
invested, leaving $77,152 07 for the San Fran- .
clf>co Company.
We took over 153.53 miles of pipe from the
Pacific Company. 72.56 miles from the Inde
pendent Company. 14.75 miles from the Equit
able Company and 316.17 miles from the old
Ban Francisco Company.
The entire valuation of the combined plants
we fix at S17.41.1.889 43. of which the sum of
$1,088,200 is realty. The entire plants of the
three absorbed companies are now in actual
use. with the exception of the office building:
of the Pacific Company on Hutter street and
the building at Third and Townsend streets,
valued at $28,000. The total cost of the gais
plants of the absorbed companies was to them
$(3,915,792 . r «5. The cost of the system of the
Pacific Company was $4,713,936 88, but we
naJUJ $3,O!»,C0O for It by assuming a bonded
iTfffcWMn of Jl.litn.OOO and paid S2.KOO.fdK)
Jn etock of the new combination. The Equit
able •Comrany's plant cost originally $145,
382 75. and we paid $708,650 In cash for it. at
the' rate of $5 a *hare. The Independent
plcnt's first cost was $1.7S5.1i5 48. and we paid
$6,000,000 for It, an apparent profit of $1,214.-
S54 52. There was no Interest charged, which
Item would Amount to $700.000,.. in addition to
a deterioration pt $100,000.
Braunhart suffjrested that the ordi
nance fixing the rates also provide for
the prescribing of the quality of the
gas so as to lessen the danger from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 24, 1904.
BATTLE OF THE FLOWERS
IS STILL IN PROGRESS
Merchants' Association Recommends Adoption of Ordi
nance to Establish Free Markets in Central Places—Re
tail Dealers Say They Seek Protection Against Venders
Two communications were sent to the
City Hall yesterday concerning the satu
of flowers on the streets* in this city.
One of these, from the Retail Florists'
Association, thanked the Board of
Works for its action in ordering the
removal of flower vendors from th«
street corners and making various
statements concerning the manner In
which the fiower selling on the street*
has been conducted. A communication
was forwarded by the Merchants' As
sociation in which the establishment of
free flower markets at certain desig
nated points was advocated. This was
addressed to the Supervisors, who are
urged by the Merchants' Association
to pass an ordinance naming certain
places to be known as "the free flower
markets of San Francisco." The es
sential part of the Merchants' Associa
tion communication is as follows:
Inasmuch as the difficulty heretofore seems
to be that the llower venders had no legal
permit to occupy any sidewalk, and that the
Board of Public Works cannot grant this priv
iUge except under authority conferred by a
general ordfnanop, and that the privilege here
tofore enjoyed by certain flower venders was
lestrlcted to them and was therefore a spe
cial privilege, which la contrary to the spirit
of our charter, we therefore suggest that the
correct solution of this problem Is for the
city to officially designate certain localities
in the most frequented parts of the city as
free public flower markets, open to all per
sons who comply with the rules and regu
lations governing the same. We believe that
such regularly established free flower mar
kets are desirable and should be established,
and therefore respectfully recommend your
honorable board to i>ass an ordinance desig
nating tho following localities as free flower
markets of San Francisco:
SUGGEST MARKET SITES. .
The outer portion of the sidewalk adjacent
to and surrounding Union Square, to be known
as the Union Square Free Flower Market; the
outer portion of the sidewalk surrounding toe
Donahue Fountain, to be known as the Dona
hue Fountain Free Flower Market; the small
triangular space formed by the Intersection
around the flagpole at the intersection of Cali
fornia, Dremm and Market streets, to be
known as the California-street Free Flower
Market; the outer portion of the sidewalk
suiTOunding Portsmouth Square, to be known
as the Portsmouth Square Free Flower Mar
ket: tlie outer Dortion of the sidewalk sur
rounding Washington Square, to be known
as the Washington Square Free Flower Mar
ket: the outer portion of each of the slde
v/alks at the Intersection of Market and Kearny
street*, Kearny and Geary streets, Geary and
Market streets. Market and Third streets, and
extend along each of said streets for a dis
tance of fifty feet from each of said Inter
sections, to be known as the Central Free
Flower Market.
The outer portion of each of the sidewalks
at the IntersectrSft of Market and Powell
streets, Powell and Eddy streets, Eddy and
Market Ftreets, and extending along each of
said streets for a distance of nrty feet from
each* of said Intersections, to be known aa the
Powell-street Free Flower Market.
That the following regulations governing the
use of these flower markets be provided: That
any person holding a flower peddler's license
Fhall. without further expense, be permitted to
sell flowets at any or all of said markets; that
the selling of flowers shaJl be confined within
a Foace of three feet from the outer edge of j
the cuib of the sidewalks designated; that no
permanent stands shall be placed at any of
these flower markets, and all flowers, baskets
and other materials used shall be removed by
the venders every evening before departure;
that on Saturday and holidays any person may '
sell flowers at a«y or all of the free flowerj
markets without any license.
We believe that this plan Is the, true eolu- '
tion of the question and the fact that San
Francisco has officially established free flower
markets will be even a greater attraction and
advertisement Sot the city than the small
stands heretofore occupied on certain side
walks, which were simply permitted on suffer
ance, and known as flower markets.
With the letter was a draft of an
ordinance embodying the provisions
suggested in the foregoing.
THE RETAIL FLORISTS.
The communication from the Retail
Florists' Association, which was signed
by Frank Pelicano as president and F.
CONTEST OVER THE CLARK .
liSTATE IS COMPROMISED
Sisters of Woman Who Took Her Own
Life at McXutl's Hospital Will
Divide Property.
As was announced a week ago at
the last hearing of the contest of the
will of Isabella D. Clark, who com
mitted suicide at McNutt's Hospital
last September, the contestants, Alice
Ann Hart and Mary E. Carter, sisters
of the deceased, have compromised
their suit with their sister, Grace E.
Strohn of La Grange, III. A dismissal
of the contest was iXiad yesterday and
when the case was called for trial in
Judge Coffey'8 court Carter P. Pome
roy, one of the attorneys for the con
testant, moved that the matter be dis-
missed. His motion was granted.
Although the terms of the compro
mise have been withheld from the
public, it is understood that the three
sisters have agreed to each take a
third of their sister's^$300,000 estate.
Under the disputed will the entire
estate went to Mrs. Strohn. She and
Dr. McNutt were named as executors
of the will, but have declined to act.
They have delegated that duty to At
torney C. P. Eells and the latter has
filed a petition to be appointed admin
istrator of the estate.
Health Board Investigates.
In accordance with a resolution
passed last Thursday a committee of
the Health Board consisting of Drs.
Slinson, Poheim and Hushes began
an investigation yesterday morning to
determine if the work of the food In
spection department Is being properly
done. Health Officer Ragan appeared
and presented the results of the inves
tigation ho had instituted. Dr. "W. C.
Hassler and Food Inspector Robert
son appeared and gave testimony as
to the conduct of the department, in
which it is charged that there has
been much laxity. The Investigation
will be continued this morning.
Would Care for Ferslow Boy.
Sister Julia Henderson of the Epis
copal Sisters of Charity yesterday ap
plied to the Superior Court for letters
of guardianship over the person of lit
tle Harold Ferslow, the boy : that was
placed upon a red hot stove by his
grandmother, Victoria Ferslow. A
similar petition was filed several days
ago by M. J. White, secretary of the
California Society for the Prevention
of .Cruelty to Children. The grand
mother was sent to the County Jail
for six months for her cruelty.
asphyxiation from the carbon-monoxide
in its composition. This would affect
the rate, as it might cost more to make
a.Dure gas and Lawless promised to
submit a statement on the point.
The Investigation ; will be resumed
next Thursday at 2:30 p. m.
C. Jaeger as secretary, opened with a
statement that justice had been done
by the Board of Works in removing the
fiower venders from the street corners
and that permitting them to remain
would have been an injustice that no
city in the United States would have
permitted. Credit was given to the
retail florists of San Francisco for the
high condition of floriculture in Cali
fornia. It was asserted that the flower
venders raise tht; prices for flowers in
the stores. Then the communication
went on to make these assertions:
During the last four months foreigners Who
reside in Han Mateo County And grow violets
formed themeelves Into an association and
compelled the retail stores to pay the same
price as their men sold for on the street-
Every %-ender eelllnar Hower* In front of the
Chronicle building was In the employ of this
Violet Association, and was paid
Jl r><> a day for his services. When a retail
etorekeejw objected to paying the same
amount es they could be bought for on the
strict the grower would say, "Po as you
please; If you don't want them I will jiut an
other man on the street twlllne them." So
they actually used the vender's privilege to
club the tetuilers into paying high prices tor
their stock,
Now come the Japs and the Chinese doing
the same thin*. They hold their prices up to
the storekeepers and dump what they have
left to the peddlers for what they can get.
Now if there are no venders on the streets
their prices mun come down and the public
set the benefit, as the competition among the
stores Is so sreat that prices will always be
low. . Aa a proof violets are selling in some
of the stores since your order took effect at
5 cents a bunch.
We only want protection, the same as other
business men have. We pay high rents; we
pay taxes; we are all citizens; we are Just a*
deeply Interested In the future of San Fran
cisco as any other business houses. . All char
itable and tMIkIouh societies make a business
when they want flowers to go to the retail
etore for their donations, and they have always
been freely given.
If at any time your honorable board feel*
like revoking your order we will pay you $100
rer month for the prU'ilege of selling flowers
in front of the Chronicle building, and pay a
license for each and every man selling there,
but we sincerely hope that the day has gone
by when the flower vender is permitted to In
terfere with legitimate business exclusively In
our line.
California fruit Is far more of a novelty to
Easterners and tourists than venders of bou
quets, and. U In your wisdom you decide to
retain the venders on the streets, then in Jus
tice to the fruit growers of this State allow
fruit, flowers and sunshine to mingle together
In front of the Chronicle office.
TO DISTRIBUTE
BEQUEST FUNDS
Supervisors Deckle on a New
, Plan for Disposition of Money
Left by Robinson and Windcl
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the following resolution relative
to the future disposition of the Robin-
sonand Windel bequest funds:
"Resolved, That the following persons
be and they are hereby appointed to
act as an advisory committee with his
Honor the Ma/or and the Board of Su
pervisors in the matter of the expendi
ture of the Robinson bequest interest
fund and the Henry Windel bequest
fund: "Mrs. William M. Pierson, In
fants' Shelter; Mrs. E. F. Preston,
Nursery for Homeless Children; Mrs.
Henry Payot, Children's Hospital, Vnd
Miss Kate Felton, Associated Chari-
ties."
"Nine-tenths of the money in this
fund is practically thrown in the
streets," said Payot, "and it is not be
ing distributed in accordance with the
bequest provisions made by H. E. Rob
inson."
The Finance Committee decided to
call a conference of City Treasurer Mc-
Dougald and County Clerk Oreif for
the purpose of taking steps to collect
the collateral inheritance taxes from
estates of, deceased persons. Deputy
Treasurer Whlteside informed the com
mittee that the sum of $300,000 of such
taxes remains uncollected, and it was
imperative that an additional clerk be
employed to collect the money.
Deputy Health Officer Levy appeared
before the committee In behalf of bills
presented by the, Health Board for car
fare and buggy hire expended in Janu
ary by subordinates. The bills' com
prised $10 for Dr. T. Rottanzi, Dr. G.
Purlenky $10, B. M. Hinkle $15, Dr. A.
P. O'Brien $10, Dr. J. G. Morrissey $10
and Dr. D. F. Ragan $20.
. The committee passed the demands of
the Civil Service Commission for ex
pressage of tables and chairs used in
an examination, but Informed Secre
tary Moran that hereafter no such bills
will be audited unless the .expense is
first authorized by the committee.
Chief of Police Wittman submitted
an ordinance prohibiting the obstruc
tion by meetings, crowds or persons in
the district bounded by Second, Mis
sion, Ninth, Larkin, Bush and Mont-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ ■ .-
Jfflvlm X HFfOPATFn vm
a L/CvUKr\ 1 CLJ Aj|
Lj~^'j^^??*i^^i%^-t-'V) "i-yTTF Every housewife can use them. V/Ji
C?5v5vv^Ov^^y/ Colors blue, pink, green and brown. 7/3
i $1.25 doz. DESSERT SIZE .- T 4JKS.*" SPECIAL, 40c Set ijk
$M5 doL BM^^ 50c Set ji
j Specials in All Other Departments /A
!NatS\an-l)ohrmawifii
\\ 12,2ri32. SUTTER ST. VJi
HOLDS BOND
ISSUE LEGAL
Judge Sloss Sustains Demurrer
of City to Suit for Injunc
tion Brought by Capitalist
DENIES LEAVE TO AMEND
Petitioner Will Immediately
Appeal. From Decision and
Take Case to Supreme Court
Whether the Supervisors have the
right to issue the bonds voted for at
the last election is a question that is
now up to the Supreme Court. Judge
Sloss of the Superior Court is of th«*
opinion that the Supervisors acted
within tneir rights by accepting the
verdict of the voters on the question.
By sustaining yesterday the demurrer
ot the city to the suit of Capitalist
Herbert E. Law for an injunction re
straining the Board of Supervisors
from issuing the bonds he ended *the
matter so far as his court is concerned,
as he granted no leave to amend the
complaint demurred to. By his decis
ion Judge Sloss hastens a decision in
the matter, for even if he had decided
the matter in favor of Law an appeal
to the Supreme Court would have been
taken by City Attorney Long. As it
is now the case is up to the highest
State tribunal without the loss of time
that would necessarily follow a test of
its merits In the lower court. In view
of the fact that the Supreme Court
has already decided that the issuance
of bonds under conditions prevailing
1h a valid act it is expected that Judge
Sloss' decision will be sustained.
ATTACKS ENTIRE ISSUE.
In the suit filed by Law the entire
bond issue was attacked as Illegal. It
was contended first that the ordinance
calling for the issuance of the bonds
was void in that it mentioned more
than one subject -in its title. Another
contention made by Law was that the
purchase of land for any city purpose
should first be voted upon and the
bonds for its payment provided for at
another election. This contention, ac
cording to the attorneys for the city,
was satisfied by the bond election,
which generally provided- for a munici
pal indebtedness of $17,771,000. In otlier
words, they contended the voting of
bonds and the prescribing of the pur
poses to which they applied included
the purchase of land necessary to carry
those purposes into effect.
A third contention made by Law was
that the bonds for schools were illegal
because the establishment of schools
is a State affair. Money, it was as
serted, could not be set aside for school
purposes, except as provided In the
general law. The city's reply to this
was _that the Supreme Cdtirt has fre
quently held that the building and
equipping of schools is a municipal af
fair. In a case recently appealed from
Oakland the court held that provision
for schools could be made by a city
charter.
VOTING NOT REGULAR.
. The final objection raised by Law
was that the bonds for Telegraph Hill
Park were not regularly voted. It was
asserted that* each proposition should
have two-thirds of all the votes cast.
Less than two-thirds of the full vote
was in favor of Telegraph Hill, but
over two-thirds of the votes cast on
that proposition were in its favor. This,
Attorneys Long and Brobeck contend
ed, was sufficient to meet the require
ments of the law. In a San Joaquln
case the Supreme Court, they said, re
cently approved a bond issue made un
der a similar vote and only last week
in a Santa Rosa case upheld its former
decision.
Attorney H. C. McPike, who appeared
for Law. made but a short argument
in reply to the attorneys for the city.
When he concluded Judge Sloss at once
sustained the demurrer, rormally^ de
claring that the entire bond issue' was
fully in accordance with the charter
and the general law of the State.
The appeal to the Supreme Court will
be- advanced at*once by City Attorney
Long and will probably be decided
within the next six months. To obtain
an early decision the Supreme Court
will be asked to place the matter on
the calendar of its next term.
Populist Leaders Unable to Agree.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 23. — After many
attempts to agree upon a mutually
satisfactory date, the middle-of-the
roaders and the fusion Populists have
failed to select a date upon which to
hold a Joint national convention.
A , '. . .T.
gomery streets. The ordinance was re
ferred to the Joint Committee on Judi
ciary and Police.
ROWING CLUB
MUST VACATE
Board of Pu'lilic Works Issues
Peremptory Instructions for
the Removal of Buildings
CLEARING THIRD STREET
Santa Fe Railroad Company Is
Ready to Begin Construction
of Bridge Across Channel
Acting on a communication from CiUr
Engineer Grunsky, the Board of Public
Works took action yesterday morning
that will result in the immediate re
moval of the obstructions ot the foot
of Third street and the construction
of a new bridge across the channel.
The Santa Fe Railway Company has
long been anxious to build a bridge at
this point, but the street is blocked
by the house of the South End Rowing
Club, a lumber yard and a brick yard.
All parties were long ago notified ttr
remove, but with the exception of the
South End Rowing Club no attention
was paid to the order. This organiza
tion requested an extension of time
and was granted until July 1, 1903. No
further attention was paid to the mat
ter and there it apparently dropped.
Now the railroad company is ready to
go ahead with its improvements and
finds the street still obstructed.
Officer Beach was started out yes
terday morning with formal notifica
tions to the persons blockading the
street to remove the obstructions forth
with. In the event o-f their failure to
comply with the mandate the Board
of Works will take matters In its own
hands and summarily eject them. In
a letter to the Board of Works City
Engineer Grunsky says:
In a letter Just received from W. D. Nich
olson, assistant engineer of the Atchison. To
peka and Santa Fe Railway Company, this of
fice is advised that the contract for the con
struction of the foundation of the bridge
across Channel street at Third haa been
awarded to the Thomson Br«~^e Company, and
that work thereon Is to commence at once.
He calls attention to the necessity for the Im
mediate removal of the obstructions on Third
street, between Channel and Berry.
Resolution No. 2H2 of the Board of Super
visors, approved December 27, 1001, directs
the Board of Public Works to notify all own
era, occupants and persons In control or pos
session of any buildings on this portion of
Third street to remove buildings and obstruc
tions within sixty days, except that the South
End Boat Club was granted an extension of
time to July 1, 1003.
A subsequent resolution of the Board ot
Supervisors, No. 2SW6, also refer* to the mat
ter of the removal of these obstructions, mak
ing Inquiry as to the action which the Board
of Public Works had taken In the premises.
As the time within which all obstructions
were to be removed has long since expired,
the boathouse, aa well as all other obstruc
tions, should be now removed without delay.
Youthful Marine Saved.
Juhn Fuller of Menominee, Wig
filed a petition in the United States
District Court yesterday for the re
lease of his son, Terrence Fuller, on
habeas corpus. It is alleged that Ter
rence is 17 j'ears of age and that he
is being unlawfully restrained of his
liberty by P. C. Pope, commandant of
the marine barracks at Mare Islam!.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WOMAN'S GRATITUDE.
A Mountain Woman . Writes In Praise of
Newtro'i Herpicide.
"For several years I have been trou-
bled with dandruff, causing me much an-
noyance, and my hair became very thin.
I have used Newbro's Herpicide for a
month andithe dandruff has entirely dis-
appeared and my hair is becoming much
heavier than formerly. New hair is
growing where there was none, and I am
very thankful to you for the benefit I
have received from Newbro's Herpicide.
Very truly yours.
MRS. C. B. FOSTER.
No. 9S5 Utah Ave.. Butte, Mont.
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. :
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
the KM You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^ps V/tf/f* J>
Signature of C^r^-^^ T'e&c/U/ti
AMUSEMENTS.
The Remerlv
Rest Kcnicuy
IS TO LAUGH AND LAUGH HEARTY.
That ts what yon get in
ROL/V POLY
A musical comedy with a» many laughs as
there are Japanese lighting the Russians.
Hear "DORA" and "RAMONA."
Our "All Star" cast. in;Iualns KOLB AND
DILL. JOHN T. PEACHEY. BEN T. DIL-
LON. ALLEN CURTIS, HELEN RUSSELL,
NELLIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c.
Monday, March "-"THE BOUNDERS."
Seats now on sale.
Racing fifi^ Ramng!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing February 22.
Racine Each Week Day. Rain or Ehlna.;
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Vox special trains stopping at the track talc«
S. P. Kerry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:«o.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock.' No smoking in last two
care, which are reserved Xor ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains I«ave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H.^VILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT? Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
The KILTIES
THE GREAT SCOTTISH B4NDi)F 40
•«. FIVE NIGHTS ONLY.
ALHAMBRA THEATER
TO-NIGHT— CALEDONIAN CLUB NIGHT.
Matinees To-Day. Friday. Saturday. Sunday.
NEW PROGRAMME EACH PERFORMANCE
Seats 50c. 75c, $1.00. Children 25c.
AT SHERMAN. CLAY * CO.'S;
SOUVENIR MATINEE FRIDAY AT 3.
RAGTIME SMOKER SATURDAY NIGHT.
Bauer, the Great Pianist, Next Week
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST FOUR NiaHTP.
The Young Irish Sh£lng Jomcdian
THOMAS J SMITH
In Con T. Murphy'a Comedy Drama
THE GAMEKEEPER
WEEK BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE,
j F-RAINFC BACON
In th« Successful Comedy Drama,
THE HILLS OF CALIFORNIA.
COL lifts SI A ™ mm
wVaUUiviGiM urn laws
Denman I jri
FT* Farew.ll
Thompson Ap *- ■
(HIMSELF) Includln*
In th» Gm»M of All Rural SuB(lay
THE OLD\ - --
HOMESTEAD,
Look at the Names!
Fllsion nml Krrol; Girard and Gard-
ner; George \V. I>ay; Morris and
Bowen; Eight Vassar Girls; Wer-
ner- Arnoro* Troupe: Harry Thorn-
w>n, and Orpheum Motion Pictures,
IlIiiMr.itin? Longfellow's "HIawa-
thn."
Regular Matinees every Wednewlay. Thur»-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c 23o
■ and SOc.
CALIFORNIA
V^3 TO-NIGHT tt
ST W. C. NANKEVIIXETS
M Successful Melodrama,
(..HUMAN HEARTS,
|1 An Idyl of the Arkansas Hills.
I NEXT SUNDAY
f James A. Herne's Famous Comedy,
SAG HARBOR
P, Exceptionally Strong Cast.
t Seats now "oiling. jl
E I V V/L.I HOUSE.
POSITIVELY LAST FIVE NIGHTS OF
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Monday. Feb. 29— THE GYPSY BAKOS.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SXG. DOMSZnCO BTJSSO,
The Favorite Tenor.
Usual PoDular Prices 25c. 50c and 75e
Box S»at» <ICQ
A T £~S A ri A Y"|Belasco * Mayer,
ALCAZAR rrss..
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — Mats. Sat. and Sua. ' .
A GREAT LAUGHING HIT!
"All round capital." — Chronlcl*.
The Wrong »-
Mr. Wright *~
BRIMFUL. OF MERRIMENT.
Eve*., 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. A Sun.. 23c to 90o
NEXT MONDAY— J. K. Jerome' • Comedy.
As Played. By MICC HfjRRC
Annie Ru»sell. JUlOO HUDDO
I MONDAY, MARCH 1*— "PARSIFAU"
Market Street. Near Eighth.. Phone South 539
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
The Mammoth Oriental Spectacle.
KING OF THE"
OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Gorgeous Scenery t
Panorama, of San Francisco Bay!
The Opium Dens of Chinatown!
Human Ladder ot Aero bat la Chinks?
DDirCC Evenings 10c to B99
rKlvCJ Matinees 10c. lSe. S3o
Next— A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
"THE
LOVELY GALATEA."
LYRIC HALL
TO-NIGHT, Feb. 24,
SIO. JULIO CORTESI as PYGMALION.
MADAM EVELYN CARDOZA as GALATEA.
Tickets on sala at Sherman * Clay's.
PRICES
75 Cents and 50 Cents.
Zbka and Kins.
Kelly »nd Vlolette. Irving Jones
AOT A GBEAT SHOW
Every Afternoon .and Evening- ta tb«
Heated Theater.
I*MERICAX\ CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE
ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phening. Ask for "The Chqtea."
Pillar** DON'T FAIL TO
I dlaVW , ee the beautiful
* COURT Lonssinf
flflfl room, tha EMPIRE
«" u PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
llttHifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ anA the la.
Oil DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room -
910
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE AND HAPPENINGS IN THE BOXING ARENA
BOXERS READY
FOR THE RING
Many Entries of Amateurs Re
ceived by Olympic Athletic
Club for Three-Day Tourney
ALL CLASSES FILL WELL
Sam Berber Will Meet J. Sul
livan for Boxing Honors
in the Heavy-AVeijrht Division
The amateur boxing tournament of
the Olympic Athletic Club, which will
commence in the Post-street gymnas
ium on to-morrow night, is expected to
prove one of the most interesting in
the clubs history. The bouts will ex
tend over three nights.
Seventy-six entries were received, .ill
the classes being well filled. Forty of
the boxers passed the examination
yesterday as to their physical fitne.=3.
Three failed to pass and two witn
drew. The largest entry from one club
if that of the Hawthorne?, twenty box
ers Fjiortinp its colors.
Kddie Graney will referee all the
contests. Stewart Carter and William
Cartwrteht will art as judges. Fred
K. Butz will hold the watch, and Matt
Harris will act as clerk. Owing to the
i.umber of entries the boxing will com
mence promptly at 8 o'clock each even
ing. The complete entry follows:
Bantam. 1T> j-ounds— G. W. Finnegan. un
«lta<-h»d: Frank K.iwards. unattaohed; Rich
ard <iordan. 'If. H. C. ; Mirhael Maher. A. A.
«'.; James Sundtx-rK. unattacned; Frai-k Sulli
van, unattached; Willie Johnson, unattached;
BUIy IJrannan. unattached; Al HldRP. O. A.
<\ ; i>ave C'amjjb«>!I. Belmot Cub: Willie Quinn.
i:na:tachpd; Jack Carney, unattached; Eddie
i-roith. unattached; William Kefne, H. A. C;
.Tarltf Lenahan. unattached.
Special clasp. 12T> poun-*- -J. O'Brien, B. A.
«*. : Tom Sullivan, H. A. C: \V. J. J>»onard. o.
C; Kmile Barbee. \V. C. ; Henry Arthur, un
flttaih^d; John Fuller, unat'.achfd: Kichard
Hyiand, unattached; Jack Adam?, lielmot
Club: l'aul Martin. P. A. C.
WVMer-TveiEtH, 14."> round?— E. Brown, un-
BttBih«=<1; Jain' 1 " Young, H. A. «\ : Al Ynunj,
H- A. C: Tom McGreal. II. A. C. : Bert Marsh.
l>. <*.; Walter Lane, unattached; Frank Kvans,
HHmnt Club.
Feathrr-weiRht. 115 pounds— Joseph Carroll.
«» A C. ; K<idie Carroll, un.; Johnnie Frayne,
II. A. C; William Merritt. H. A. C: Al.
Reynold*. H. A. C : J<>»*-ph Iyahey. II. A. c. :
Anhn Moroby. H. A. C; Harry Tvnny, un.;
Willie Pwyor. O. C. : Berney Drifcoll. C. A. C ;
J'.icKard Murray, un.; Fred Hutehlnw>n, un.
ljiphtw right. 1"*» pound* — James Bradley, H.
A. «'.; Jam** Bnnofield, H. A. C; J. J. *t.
• 'lair. H. A. C: Jack Hughes. H. A. C. :
• harl'f CcKirxr, un.; Kobert Cairns. O. C:
I'tank Fiores. O. C; IJobort I^ndii-. O. C;
T'*-t«- Donovan, un.: J. F. McCarthy, un.;
,!arr,f* O'lirien.
Middle-weight. K.<> pound* — Tom McGreal. H.
A. «".; Harry Bowers, un.: Banor Wilt, un.;
Al. VounE, H. A. <". ; Frav.lt Smith. H. A. *'.:
Jamea McCann. H. A.' C. ; Al. <;rot!i, un.;
.Titmf.- Ity«n, un.
I.'pht heavy. 1O pound*— la meg Fox. un.:
Harry Chester. O. <". : E. \v. Sloan. B. c. A. C
H«-a\ y-w-f iRlit — .1. Sullivan, un.; Sum Berger,
O. C.
MEET IX>K BERKELEY MEN".
Will Compete Ajraitist University of
Washington on the Cinder Path.
SEATTLE. Feb. 23. — Manager Sig
rist of the I "Diversity of Washington
track team Fiated to-day that the Uni
versity of California had accepted the
lTitif *»f Washington for a dual ath
letic meet to be held' at Berkeley. As
yet it has not been decided whether
Washington will meet Stanford Uni
versity while in California. Washing
ton is willing to go to Stanford, pro
vided proper inducements are given.
Manager Sisrisl says the athletic rela
tions between California and Washing
ton will be continued indefinitely. The
probabilities are that Washington will
meet one of the big California univer-
Fities on the football field in Seattle
next fall and the other in California.
suimmrrs in llx<-itius Kelay Race.
j h<? water poio game and relay race
held at the Lurline Baths last night
between picked teams of the Lurline
Sv.imming Clu,b were of the fast order.
The relay race ended in a tie, while
the water polo game was undecided
vhen time was called, each team hav
ing pecured two goal?. The polo team
Was made up of W. Harris. E. Daw
i<on. G. Harris, XV. P. Stockton. H.
Heir.z. O. Schultz and W. Clark; op
posed W. Pomin, J. A. Jackson, G.
Dawson, J. A. Geddes, A. Heinz, H.
S^ebach and T. Harris. In the relay
race W. Pomin, O. Schultz, H. See
bach, A. Heinz and G. Dawson swam
against W. Harris. W. Clark. H. Heinz.
E. Dawson and W. P. Stockton. F. S.
Geddes and E. Dowe acted as time
keepers and judge?.
Suggests Change in Cycle Racing.
KEW TORK, E^b. 23. — Emphatic
•entiment against paced racing and
particularly motor pacing was mani
fest at the annual convention of the
National Cycling Association held here
to-day. It was determined that the
association this year will favor sprint
racing and work toward the elimina
tion of the paced race on the ground
that it does not give a fair test of the
ability of the riders and destroys their
vitality for a series of races during the
Koapon. President A. G. Batchelder of
New York was re-elected. J. X. Sharp
of Salt Lake and C. W. Carpenter of
Pan Francisco were chosen members
of the board of control.
Golf Match Is Postponed.
RAN' JOSE. Feb. 23.— Owing to the
rain it became necessary to postpone
the tournament of the Linda Vista
<;olf Club. An artistic silver cup do
rated by Ryder & Son was up for
competition. There were twelve en
tries, and much interest was shown
in the event. Those entering. were Dr.
O, H. Walter, Miss Clayton,- Frank
Knowles. Mrs. R. W. Hersey, Edward
Carey. Miss Bessie Henry, Dr. A. Don|
Hines. Miss Tomlinson, Fred Schnei
der, Mn«. J. H. Rucker, R. W. Hersey
and Miss Dinsmore. The finals be
tween Dr. Walter and Miss Clayton
and Mr. Carey and Miss Henry will
he played at some future date.
Suburban Horses Declared Out.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— The follow
ing nominations have been declared
out for the Suburban handicap, to be
run June 1$ at Sheepshead Bay: In
junction. 108; River Pirate, 108;
Stamping Ground, 103; Aristocracy,
103; Ad Bell. 97; Damon, 97; Ort
vells, 96. and Ocean Tide, 94.
NEW TORK, Ken. 23.— William J. Thorn
bury, chief Dlan-^xaiunler in the Broohtyn
i j:>;;rp department and one _of the most
■ccomriislw-d. mathematicians in the country.
l.s' killed himself by inhaling gas. He had
bees in poor bealtb for a j ear past.
NAMTOR TAKES
FREE HANDICAP
Is Favorite in the Betting
and Leads Out Platonius
With Mezzo Second at Ascot
CLOSE FINISH IN MILE
Loiiwelsea. El Oriente and Blue
Bidge Finish * Heads Apart
After a Stretch Battle
LOS ANGELES, Feb.. 23.— Four fa
vorites and two second choices won at
Ascot to-day, the results being all In
favor of the speculative public. The
feature race of the card, a free handi
cap for three-year-olds and upward at
one and a sixteenth miles, was won by
Namtor, the 6 to 6 favorite, by a nose,
with Platonius second and Mezzo third.
The second race, at one mile, result
fd in one of the closest finishes of the
meeting. I>}uwelsea, El Oriente and
Blue Ridge finished heads apart in
the order named.
The hurdle affair went to Heir Ap
parent, second choice in the betting.
Sir Hugh was second and Poorlands,
the favorite, third. Weather perfect;
track fast.
SUMMARY.
First race, five furlongs, purse — Rl Bernardo,
11* (Uiidcbrand), 7 to 10, won: Foncasta. JJS
• Mountain), lo to I. second; Mistletido, 11J IF.
Kelly). SO to I. third. Time. 1:04. Caroburn.
Lilx-rto. Flea. Kva 1>. Gentle Harry, l^eonado.
Buster and Rlceful also ran.
Second race, one mile, rolling: — Ixmwolsea.
103 (I.. Jackson). 4 to 1, won; Kl Orie-nte, 100
(Hildebrand), % i to I. second: Blue Ridge, 103
(Feicht), « to 1. third. Time, 1:4.X Gray
Morn. Insolence. L'Im. Paddy B. Maud M, All
AlKjut. l>r. Shorb, JinKler. Homage, Sherry and
Bennett Gray also ran.
Third race, hurdle handicap, mile and an
riRhth — Heir Apparent, 12S (Sutherland), 5 to 2.
wen; Sir Hush, 129 (Schimmel). ,S to 1. second;
l'.-orlands, 170 (Murphy). »< to 5, third. Time,
1!;(V5. I>eoimo. l^urdan ami Ollnthus also ran.
Fourth rac<>. handicap, mile and a sixteenth
— Xamtor. 107 (Wonderly), S to 5. won; Pla
tonlup. 03 (J. I>ewis), «; to 1, second: Mezzo, Hi
(Hildebrand). !• to L\ third. Time, 1:4S. Green-
OCfc and Sals also ran.
Fifth race, nix furlones, Felling: — Jim Hale,
'\(r.* (Mountain). 2 to 1. won: J. V. Klrby. 101
(P.edfern). S to 1. second: Wianifreda. 88 (J.
l>wts). 5 to 1, third. Time. 1:15. Colonel
Bogey. Huapala, Evander, Xeko and Bay Won
der also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling: — Buccleuth, 107
(Hildebrand). 2 to 1. won; Rio Chico. 1OW
• Wond'rly). VJ to 1. second; I'ltruda, 107 (J.
l>ewls). 4 to .1. third. Time, 1:41. Wager,
Adinrtus, CaZador, Labor and I^unar also ran.
TISOOPS TOIt PANAMA.
Iiif;iiiir.vimii to Kellcve the Marines
at Present Stationed There.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Everything
is ready for the speedy consummation
of thf> Panama canal treaty, and both
the War and State Departments have
made preparations for the next step,
the former by the dispatch of troops to
the isthmus of Panama and the latter
by the completion of arrangements for
the exchange of ratifications of the
treaty, which must take place in Wash
ington. There is no reason why the
ceremony should not occur within the
next forty-eight hours. 13unau-Varilla,
the Minister from Panama, was at the
State Department to-day in relation to
this matter, and very soon after he has
made the exchange of the treaties he
will lay down his mission, according to
notice he has already given. His suc
cessor as Minister here will be Pablo
Arosemena. the present head of the
constitutional convention and the
father of the secretary of the Panama
legation here. Arosemena is described
as a lawyer of ability and a man of
mf»an«s *
The adminiFlration intends to press
the canal project by all proper meth»
ods. As a Cabinet official expressed it,
the next step after the appointment of
the commission will be to. "scratch
dirt," and already such members of the
commission as are assured of their
places, like Admiral Walker and Major
General Davis, have been giving some
attention to the provision of the cler
ical force and the engagement of en
gineering talent to conduct the actual
work of canal digging.
The War Department to-day, issued
orders for the entire Third Regiment of
infantry to proceed to the isthmus of
Panama.
The Regiment will leave at the earliest
possible time on the transports Sum
ner and McClellan from New York.
The regiment is going to Panama to
relieve the marines stationed there.
The headquarters of the regiment is
at Fort Thomas, Kentucky, where are
stationed Companies C, D, I, K, L and
M. At Fort Sheridan (Chicago) are
stationed. Companies A and B, and at
Columbus Barracks Companies E, F,
G and H. The regiment will be com
manded by Colonel Woodbury.
The War Department has in the past
strenuously denied reports that it in
tended to send troops to the isthmus,
but It is now explained that the state
ment only applied to conditions as they
existed before the United States ac
quired vested rights through the acqui
sition of the canal zone by the ratifica
tion of the canal treaty.
As the department has not satisfied
itself that this ratification is only a
question of a few hours it has taken
the necessary steps to permanently, gar
rison the isthmus, which could not be
easily done with marines.
The department announces that none
of the families of officers or enlisted
men of the Third Infantry would be
allowed to accompany the regiment.
In* the future, when permanent bar
racks and officers' quarters are con
structed on modern plans, this restric
tion may be removed.
The thousand marines now on the
isthmus will be taken to Guantanamo
as rapidly, as their places can be filled
<by the troops. From Guantanamo at
leapt a part of this -force will be taken
to the Philippines, probably coming to
the United States and embarking from
San Francisco for Manila.
It is intended that an adequate force
of marines shall be kept at Guanta
namo in case of probable emergencies
in Central and South America. Espe
cially is it desired that there shall be
a sufficient force there for the Govern
ment to call upon If it should under
take to execute a drastic programme
in Santo Domingo.
NEW YORK. Feb. The' "shake ui> >§ In
the police department, which has been expect
ed since the advent of the McClellan adminis
tration, tock Place to-day when three inspect
ors, eleven captains, one detective sergeant,
one Fereeant and two patrolmen were trans
ferred.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
RING IS TOUCHED UP FOR THOUSANDS
BY THE VICTORY OF FIVE FAVORITES
Lord Melbourne a
Winner in the
Handicap.
It will be several days before the
bookmakers forget yesterday's array
of winners at Oakland. Twenty-five
books laid odds, and in the scramble
and competition for business good fat |
prices were Quoted, and the victory of
five out of six favorites cost the ring
more than $60,000.
For the layers' attacking forces
Caesar Young led off by carrying the
price about Hagerdon from evens . to
7 to 5. He painted the figures up in
oil colors, and Hagerdon won off by
himself. The 8 to 5 chalked against
Diderot was stretched out to 3, and
that gelding came galloping in first.
Next Caesar tried to knock down Lord
Melbourne, and most of his brother
pencilers were forced to go with him
or stand idle. He gradually boosted
the odds from even money to 7 to 5
and took in such a raft of coin that
the alarmists imagined the hearse and
floral pieces were waiting at the outer
track grate. The bookies met with as
much success knocking down the
choices as George Gardner did put
ting old freckled Bob Fitzsimmons
away.
BOOKIES ARE HEAVY LOSERS.
Among the big losers were: Caesar
Young, $8500; Johnny Lyons and "Wally
Brinkworth. $6600; Joe Rose, $4500; Joe
Harlan, $3300; Bill Jackman, $2700;
Lenox Club, $2500; Johnny Coleman,
$2000; Star Club, $2400; Paul Hoffman,
$2400; Herman Hoffman, $2500; Barney
Schreiber, $2200; Riley Grannan, who
held out the first three favorites, $1000;
Henry Wendt, $1100; Billy Engstroni,
$1200; Frank Lanterman, $1500; com
bination book, $1200; Jim Neil, $S00, and
"One-Two-Three" Martin, $450.
Sidney Bender picked up the six and
a half furlong handicap with Lord Mel
bcurne. His Lordship opened at even
money and despite the heavy play ac
corded him went back In the betting
to 7 to 5. There were but four starters
and Oliphant had waiting orders with
the favorite. Ananias and Futurita
cut out the running, the latter having
enough when the stretch was reached.
Oliphant now ?at down on Lord Mel
bourne and in a pretty three-head
finish with Captain Forsee and Ananias
gained the decision and the approval of
the crowd, which gave him quite
a. reception.
DALY'S CLEVER RIDE.
Johnny Daly handled Bard Burns to
perfection, and at 7 to 5 the chestnut
horse won the opening event from start
to finish. Mr. Farnum was the runner
up for two-thirds of the route and was
then outgamed and beaten for the place
by Pierce J. Both Pure Dale and Anvil
received scattering support and both
performed to no advantage.
Barring Oronte. the five and a half
furlong sprint looked a certainty for
Hagerdon. Notwithstanding this the
Frank gelding's price went from evens
to 7 to E. Oronte showed an inkling of
speed, but was never dangerous, Hager
don splashing in at will. In a driving
finish Narra G led Rlesc* 1 out for place
honors.
With a more experienced rider in the
saddle Constellator might have beaten
Diderot for the seven-furlong selling
number. Gruwell, who rode the former
horse, did fairly well, but lacked finish
ing qualities. The odds against Diderot
drifted back from 8 to 5 to 3. Buxton,
who piloted him, went out in the lead
and stayed there, downing Constellator
nearly three lengths. The Fretter was
hard pressed to beat Polonlus for the
show. Pruewood gave it up badly in
the stretch.
Jerry Roach astride Red Cross Nurse
made a runaway affair of the six-fur
long selling run, for three-year-olds.
The mare was held at odds of 3% to 1,
and won in a big gallop. Et Tu Brute,
which opened favorite, ran second, a
length ahead of George Berry. Hulford,
the post, favorite, with Travers up,-cut
no figure in the race ar" any time.
First Chip, also ridden by Roach,
duplicated the feat of Red Cross Nurse
in the final mile selling selection. Four
to five around post time, Chip sailed
away in front, winning pulled up from
Scherzo and Fille d'Or. Bungannon re
ceived steady backing, and after a hur
ried sortie fell to the rear.
Jerry Roach piloted two winners.
Formaster will be shipped to Los An
geles to run in the Derby. It is not
likely that the four California Derby
horses will meet here again in a spe
cial.
Harry Stover has a difficult time
keeping Pierce J in his barn. Not long
ago he was claimed by Ed Tierney, but
Harry got the gelding back by paying
an increase of $175. Yesterday F. L.
Caughey, owner of Formero, claimed
him out of the first race for $725.
Harry Robinson boosted First Chip
$600 over his entered selling price
of $500. E. Fitzgerald retained his horse
with a $5 bid.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race^Futurlty course; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
«122 Sir Tom Tiddler (Daly) 118
(<>OStS)*Slr Preston (Scharetg) .104
0122 Handpress (Magrane) Ill
5905 *The Jew (Wilson) 83
ftSTO Argot (Rich) 101
«»54 •Cinnabar (Smith) 83
0122 Pat Morrissey (Wellman).; ...105
«M*8 Doris (Jones) 86
(0052)*Lansdowne (FitZRorald). ............. SW
«008 Bojrus Bill (Cappn) 103
0122 Galanthus (Coffey) 105
(002S)Sol Llchtenstelr. (Wellman) 105
5CC9 '00116101 (O'Rourke) 04
Chaple (Cotton) 01
Second race — Three and a half furlong*;
two-year-olds; purse:
(HIU)Gpo. P. McNear (Stover) ......112
6009 Golden Idol (Daly). 112
.... Anaurus (P. Ryan), Brutus-Gartalene.101
Harvester (Daly), Bright Phoebus- ■
Spinach 104
(608T)Eduardo (Burns & Waterhouse) 109
Third race — Seven furlongs; ' four-year-olds
and up: selling:
6112 'Mr. Dingle (Tierney) 10!
«074 Gliftsando (Rnmlgh) 101
58S7 Lady Kent (Wellman)... 105
6812 Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzel) 10."
5R51 Master Cal (Kistenmacher) . ..in*.
60SS "Decoy (Miller) .101!
BOSS Hellae (Creelji ... .. .......... ...... .101
6134 Dandle Belle (Winter)..;. .......... ..105
5718 Joe'John (Lane).. .102
C134 Mr. Farnum (McCafterty) ............ lo"
Fourth 'race — One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and up: handicap. •
f.iM! Nlgrette (Jennings) 'X
(6137)Lord Melbourne (Bender) ..10.'
fiO77 Modicum (Fountain) r.... ..";;.;. .... in?
6113 Kcnllwortb (Stover) .....114
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAOT) BACETBAQg — TUESDAY, Feb. 23. — Weather showery.. Track sloppy.
01.14. FIRST RACE: — Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. Wt|St. fc . Vi. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl".
6086 Bard Burns 6~(S. Judge) 112 3 12 1 1%1 2 1 1%I 1 J. Daly 6-5 7-5
6114 Pierce J, s'(H. Stover) 112 1 3 2^3 h 3 1^3 1^2 1 See 3 23-5
6^15 Mr. Farnum, 4 (McCafferty) . 10C 6 2n 2h 2h 2^33 Bonner 8 8
5919 Pure Dale 4 (Thomas & R.) 99 5 6 U, 6 n « 3- 4 % 4 % Travers ... 6 10
6074 Anvil .4 (Murray & Co.) 06 7 75 5 Vj 5 >i 5 14 6 6 Wright .... 7 10
6088 Dandle Belle, ti (Winter & J.) 107 4 4 %, 4-l»i4 h 6 2 . « 6 Bell 15 30
5670 Ripper. 4 (P G Lane) 98 2 5 54 7 10 I 8 78 73 Reed 30 100
4537 Formero. a (F. L#. Caughey).. 109 8 8 8 8 8 8 J. Martin.. » -u
Time — :24. :50, 1:16^ 1:30. At post Vi minute Off at 2:11^. Burns, place. 1-2; »how,
1-4. Pierce, place 3-2; show, 3-5 Farnum, show. 6-5. Winner, ch. h. by Matt
Byrnes-Bar Maid 'Trained by S. Judge. Scratched— Penance. Start good. Won easily.
Next two driving. Winner never In difficulties. Pierce J ran an Improved race. Mr.
Farnum' ran to his notch. Pure Dale P er *ormed lndlfferently^JSodldArrvU^^^^^^^
0135. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. |Wt St. *i" }T 9*. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op- CI.
6032 Hagerdon. a '(H. U. Frank).. 100 2 ... 2 »i 1 2 1 2>41 5 J. Martin.. 11-10 7-5
6S90 Narra G. 6 (Northern Stable) 107 1 ... 1 n X % 2 1H2 % (Buxton 4 21-j
6102 Rlesca 8 (O. W. Boesecke) . . 100 4 ... 3,3 3 % 4 2 3h Cross 20 lo
54C5 Oronte. 4 (Piedmont Stable).. 107 6 ... .4 2^4 2!63 n 4 2V 2 W. Dugan. 3 1C-5
•5527 Foxy Grandpa, 3 (Mrs.Coffey) 1C8 5 ... 5n 07 fc3 57 Bell 40 CO
6066 Olympian. 6 (J F Schorr). .. 107 7 ... B 1^5 n 6 6 68 Reed 8 10
39C5 Estoy Llsto 4 (El Prtmero S.) 112 3 ... 7 4 7 5 7 5 7 6 |Tullet 60 50
6102 Emtl.-3 IT." J. Williams) 100] 8 ... 8 8 8 8 |R. Butler.. 40 100
Time— :2m. :49ft 1:08 VI At post 7% minute?. Off at 2:4R. Hagerdon. place. 1-2; show.
1-5. Narra, place 6-5; show, 1-2. Rlesca show 3-2. Winner, b. g. by Esher-Lady
Richmond Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched— Rionda. Hogarth. Sailor Knot. Salto.
Hoceo. Start good. Won pulling up. Next three driving hard. Hagerdon acted badly
at the post and then ran away from his field. Narra G outgamed Riesca. Oronte
did well under poor handling. Olympian won't do. Foxy Grandpa may Improve.
•Los Angeles Index (579|t)^
0136. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-ofas and up: value to first. $325.
Index I ■ Horse and Owner. WtjBt. hi . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6043 Diderot. 6 (J. P. Atk'ln) 104 2 3 2V41 Vt 1 2^1 2 1 2>,£ Buxton .... 8-5 13-5
0112 Constellator a (Keating) 104 4 5 2'^ H * 2%4 2ij2 4 Gruwell ... 4 13-5
6112 The Fretter* a (F O'Rourke). 102 3 4 V, 3 % 5 8 3 »,4 3 % Sherwood ..4 6
6074 Polonlus, 4 (Stewart & Co.). 109 5 2 n 6 10 3 h 5 2 4 3 J. Daly 5 5
r.S84 Billy Moore a (T T. Rector) 108 6 0 6 6 6 5 3 Stuart 10 12
6110 Pruewood, 6 (J. McAlester).. 102 1 1^2 1^2 n 2 n 6 Travers ... 10 12
Time — :24^i, :40%, 1:16 1:29. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07^. Diderot. place. 6-5;
show 1-2. Constellator. 'place, 4-5; show, 2-5. Fretter. show. 4-5. Winner, ch. g.
by Rosseau-La Reina. Trained by E. Carey. Scratched — Lady Kent, Gllssando. Flyer.
Start good. Won ridden out. Next three driving. Diderot was well handled and likes
sloppy going. Constellator might have won under stronger handling. The Fretter has
jrone hack. Polonlus outclassed. Billy Moore off poorly. Pruewood prefers eofter
footing.
<H37. FOURTH RACE — GVj furlonga; handicap; 3-year-oldg and up; value to first. $400.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWt St. H • Vi- %. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. Op- Cl.
CO77 L. Melbourne, 4 (S. Bender). 98 24 4 4 4 In Oliphant .. 17-5
5469 Capt. Forsee. 3 (AlhambraS.. 94 3 2n32 32 2'/4 2n Travers ... 10 15
U101 Ananias 3 (J. F. Schorr) 04 1 1 H 1 HI S 1 1^3 10 Reed 8 4
6101 Futurita*. 4 (W. H. Kraft) 94 4 3 n 2 1^2 l\jS n 4 Knapp 2 11-5
Time — :24 :48U. 1:14%; l:2i}5. At post 2& minutes. Off at 3:35. Melbourne, place. 1-2;
show 'out. ' Forsee, place, 4: show. 6-6. Ananias, show. out. Winner, b. g. by Prince
of M'onaco-Qondola. Trained by S. S. Bender. Start perfect. Won In a drive of three.
Winner came from behind and caught the pacemakers tired. Captain Forsee ran
gamely. Futurita Is stale. ,-_-~~_^_~ J ~.-. J ~ J -^ J -J-^-
G13S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. Y* . j /j. %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5897 Red Cross Nurse (G. Brown). 101 3 ... 14 15 15 16 Roach 7-2 7-2
(tJOOl!) Et Tu Brute (J. J. Moran).... 109 5 ... 22 23 23 2 1 J. Daly.... 13-5 16-5
(6076) George Berry (Bottger & H.. 106 1 ... 3 n 3 3 :: 2 .'. 4 Buxton • -2 6
6102 Hulford (H Stover) 100 2 ... 5 n 4 n 5 5 4 « Travers ... 3 11-5
C018 Ebony (Hamilton Stable). ... Ill 4 ... 6 6 1 4 h 5 9 Bonner 8 8
0995 Silicate (W. B. Jennings 95 0 ... 4 2 B 6 6 |\\. Daly... lo -u
Time— °4 1 4 :49 1:15. At post »i minute. Off at 2:oS. Nurse, place. 7-5; show, 2-5.' Brute,
place 0-5- show. 2-5. Berry, show, 3-5. Winner, ch. f. by Prince Rudolph-Accident.
Trained by H. . Glover. Start good. Won In a gallop. Next two drlvins. Winner had
worked fast and Is a clever filly. Et Tu Brute outrun. Hulford can do better on a
dry track. Ebony has gone back. Silicate no speed.
6130. SIXTH RACE— Mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
In dex| Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. >4 . lT- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CK
(6055) First Chip. 4 (E. Fitzgerald). 1 100 3 15 17 16 IS 14 Roach 1 4-5
VM7 IScherzo 3 (Pueblo Stable). .. 104 5 2 1^2 3 2 5 23 2 2^4 Bonner 12 1O
6887 Fille d'Or. a (G. D. Kenyon). 05 4 4 2^4 4 4 5 3 13 % Travers ... 20 15
•5475 Laocoon 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 92 2 6 0 5 3 4 2%4 S Crosswaite 8 10
COC' Duncannon 3 (Knebelkamp). 87 1 3 l^Sh 3n 5 4 5 7 Knapp .:.. 2 5-2
U102 Gateway! %* (T. Lottrldge) . . . . 102 6 51 5h 6 6 6 C.King.... 100 200
Time .05, -.50, 1:16. 1:43. At post Y* minute. Oft at 4:23*4. First Chip, place, 1-4; show,
out Scherzo, place, 3; show, 4-5. Fille d'Or, show, 1. Winner, ch. h. by First Mate-
Chippie. Trained by I. P. Fitzgerald. Start good. Won easing up. Next two driving.
Winner bid up from $500 to JSOO by H. Robinson; retained. Just a cathop for the win
ner Sherzo Is no mudlark nnd still got the place. Laocoon poorly handled. Dungan
nori quit early. Kllle d'Or ran her race, •l^os Angeles Index C0S3.
Fifth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
60S« »Sue Johnson (Fitzgerald) J^
O01» Keynote ( Kyle) * J™
G.V.8 'Donator (Mulholland) 1 "i
010.5 'Ulloa (Owen) *•»
0103 Klmer L. (Klunder) }}*
0114 Gold Finder (T. Fitzgerald) Ill
W86 »Sam Lazarus Esq. (Stoer) }W
flNW Emily Oliver (Clark) J«J
C06.°. Virgie d'Or (McDowell) % 104
(jOM Doreen (Boettger) "*
Sixth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; pelllns. ,»,
593a Scotsman ( Jennings) lJJJi
«124 »Ocyror.e (Coffey) »
4332 »Box Elder (Jennings) 89
0115 'Muresca (Miller) 10
... Orchan (Edgewood Stock Farm) 94
€031 'Albemarle (Qulnlan) »0 J
Contestant (Diamond & Johnson) 101
GOTO Nervator (Boots & Hollenbeck) ion
5S51 Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable) 10.
C115 'Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 104
•Apprentice allowance.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 23.— Crescent City
"First race, mile, selling— ileisterslnger won.
Hickory Corners pecond, John Doyle third.
Time, 1:43. ■'
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Optional
won, Alpaca second, Caterpillar third. Time,
1:14 2-6. ; „
Third race, mile and twenty yards—Fore
sicht won. Ostrich second, Oonkllng third.
Time, 1:41 4-5.
Fourth race, mile, sellinE — Establish won,
Aules second, Gus Heldorn third. Time,
1:413-5.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Frank
Bell won, Manshak second, Merry Sport third.
Time, 1:08.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
1ns — Conundrum won, Dutch Carter second.
Lee Kine third. Time, 1:48.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
Pirat race — Iiansdowno, Sir Preston,
Sol XilchtenBteln.
Second race — Qeorra V. McNear, Edu
ardo, Golden Idol.
Third race — Mr. Slnrle. lady Xent,
Decoy.
Fourth race — Lord Melbourne, Modi
cum, Xenilworth.
Pifth race — Keynote, Ulloa, Emily
Oliver.
Sixth race — Hainanlt. Albemarle. Ma
resca.
TALKS OF THE IXDIANS,
SAVAGE AND CIVILIZED
Dr. Edgerton Young of Toronto Tells
or His Travels in the British
Northwest.
Entertaining description and mag
nificent pictures combined to hold the
attention of the large audience at the
Young Men's Christian Association
Hall last evening which heard Rev.
Dr. Edgerton Young of Toronto, Can
ada, discuss "Indians; Their Habits,
Their Sports and Their Homes." Dr.
Young is a well known missionary,
traveler and author, who speaks from
the experience of many years spent
among the Indians of British America.
His travels have taken him from the
Great Lakes to Hudson Bay, the
Rocky Mountains to the Arctic Ocean.
His lecture last night dealt "in .pop
ular fashion with the Indians of the
Northwest, its'main theme being the
progress they have made, under the
conditions of modern. civilization from
the condition of savages living wholly
by the ' chase to that of settled culti
vators of the soil and supporters of
schools and churches. He gave amus
ing examples of Indian l6gic and hu
mor, of Indian music and of the ab
origines' mental quickness in copying
the costumes and customs of the
whites. The lecture was illustrated
Wy ' beautifully colored stereopticon
views. Dr. Young v closed his enter
tainment with a few striking views of
the aurora borealis.
"Journeyings Oft by Canoe and
JOLLY PIPERS
ARE FEATURE OF
KILTIES BAND
The gentleman that howled with the
Kilties' bagpipe last night at the Al
hambfa had the courage of other con
victions than his own. A good many of
us would have howled had we dared.
Honorary Pipe Major Albert Johnstone
is by no means the least of the Kilties'
attractions. He plays the bonny "kist
o' whistles" with a tripping gayety
truly Infectious and a positively Pade
rewski execution. His totre, or rather
drone, is — but Mr. Johnstone should be
heard to be believed.
The band itself is in fine fettle. There
are some excellent players among them,
and some beautiful instruments. Wil
liam F. Robinson, the leader, shows
himself, as last year, a thoroughly good
workman — and no musician. It is
averred of Mr. Robinson that he takes
off his coat at rehearsals; one wished
he would last night occasionally, even
if it had spoiled the fetching scheme
of tartan, kilt and cairngorm that the
Kilties present. But one is indebted to
the leader for a fine, precise drill, a
pure, good tone and excellent intona
tion. With these the Scotch things go
pretty much themselves, so what mat
ter if the Robirfsoned Mascagni be un-
convincing?
The Clan Johnstone troupe, consisting
of two featly-footed lasses and laddies,
contributes the best reel it has been
my luck to see, and the sword dancing
of Tom Johnstone is a bit of pedal
magic worth going a mile for. Further
variety is furnished by the Kilties'
choir, a tenor, J. Coates Lockhart, and
the tallest drum major in. the world,
who may be seen at the door.
Concerts will be given by the band
every afternoon and evening of this
week, Clan Caledonia to be in attend
ance this evening.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
FALLS. THIRTY FEET AND
IS ONX.Y SLIGHTLY BRUISED
Mrs. Emily Napp Slips on Balcony of
Residence and Drops With Rail
to Yard.
Mrs. Emma Napp fell from the
third story of her residence, 328 Third
street, last night, a distance of thirty
feet to the ground and escaped with
only a bruised shoulder. She had
stepped out on her balcony, which
■was slippery from recent rains. She
slipped and fell with such force
against the railing that she broke it
down and took it with her in her fall
to the yard below.
Mrs. Napp's son,. Nicholas, rushed to
her assistance and with the help of
the neighbors carried her up the
stairs, where it was thought she was
dead. Dr. Purlenky made an exam
ination and found she had escaped all
injury save the bruise and in half an
hour she had fully recovered and was
able to sit up without any effort.
Mrs. Napp is about 50 years of age
and , quite stout.
Dog Train" will be the subject of the
same speaker's address at the same
place this evening. Admission is free.
BETTORS FAVOR
YOUNG CORBETT
Install the Man From Denver
a One to Two Choice Over
Sullivan, His Next Opponent
WILL MAKE WEIGHT EASILY
His Trainers Give Assurance
That He Will Be at the
Required Notch on Monday
Young Corbett has had such a
string of victories on this coast during
the last year that the bettors appar
ently believe the man of his inches
who can defeat him has not yet ap-
peared on the scene.
In what wagering that has been
done on his meeting with Dave Sulli
van in Mechanics* Pavilion next Mon
day night the little champion is a
1 to 2 choice. It is expected the odds
will lengthen, as the men who bet In
thousands will undoubtedly be behind
the Denver boxer.
Dave Sullivan Is not without ad
mirers. Quite a crowd went over to
Croll's Gardens, Alameda, yesterday
to see him in action. Among the spec
tators \t-ere Spider Kelly and Harry
Corbett, who took a fancy to Sulli
van's style of boxing. He has a clever
left, which he lands unerringly and
with great force behind it. This blow
is expected to cause Young Corbett
some trouble until he develops some
guard against it. Sullivan Is being
trained b^y Jimmy Barry, once the
bantam-weight champion.
Out at Sheehan's, where. Toung
Corbett is working, it is all business.
The only semblance of recreation Is
when the .members of the camt> sit
down to pick the winners at Oakland.
Corbett is in great form at this game,
having won again yesterday. Tim Me-
Grath vouches for the champion's
weight, saying he will have no diffi
culty in reaching the required notch.
Cyclone Kelly and Billy Woods were
matched last night to fight fifteen
rounds before the Sequoia Club In
Oakland next month. They have
agreed to weigh in at 160 pounds at
3 o'clock. The forfeits of both men
have been posted with Harry Corbett.
Co- Ed Wins the Prize.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 23.
"Ryerson's Annie," written by Miss
Gertrude Henry, ex-'O5, is the name
of the story which has been awarded
the first prize in the Quad competi
tion. The judges selected by the edi
torial board of the 1905 Class Annual
were Professors Newcomer, Alden and
Seward of the English department.
Miss Henry, the winner of the prize,
Is not in the university at present, but
the story which won the prize was
written by her when here and pub
lished in the Stanford Sequoia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How I Cure Weak, Puny Men
Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, boyish folly,
hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let
hfm fol?ow my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous In
every respect as any man of his age. •
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended
by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make better than
he Is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can
make' as good as he ever was.
I can give back to any man what he ha? lost by abuse of the laws of
nature. I can stop all drains upon the vital power In ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps bad-
ly awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged,
inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and en-
ergy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr.
McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies.
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal
electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any manner my
Belt will replace it and will cure you.
Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton. Cal., write* Oct. 1: "Althouth you are a
stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I
am more than grateful to you. Already I can feel the vigor of new life In my body;
no aches and no pains. I wish you every success In your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer.
They are a beacon light to the man who- has become discouraged from use-
less doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces
and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted
twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every-
thing else has failed are my best arguments.
&tr. Roy Burks. McKlttrlcks. Cal., writes: "FTom the first night I wore the belt
I felt new life In every part of my body. The drain stopped Immediately and I am
now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am arlad I thought of the belt, for In
no other way. could the money bring me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache In his muscles or
joints, "come-and-go" pains In his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in
his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt will
pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt i3 worn. J
Mr. J. I* Balrd of Orland, Cal.. writes October I3th: "My back la entirely well,
and I would not take $10O for my belt if I could not get another. It Is the best
thing on earth for a lame back."
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet
in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin' s Electric Belt.
Now, what does this mean to you. dear reader? If you are not what you
ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try It? Is there a
remedy which is as .simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure, and as cheap as
Dr. MeLaughlin's Klectric Relt^flatiave not seen one. You must try it. In
Justice to yourself, and to those wno look to you for their future happi-
ness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to be delayed.
It's as good for women as for. men. "Worn while you sleep, it causes
■ no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting, no burning, as in old-style belts.
Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man likes to read if he
wants to be a strong man. I send it, sealed, free. Cut out this ad.
Dr. M. C McLaughlin, «gjSS2^
Seattle Office, 105 Columbia st.; Los Angeles. 125 So. Spring «t.
PEACE PACT
IS RATIFIED
National Association of 3Iinor
Baseball Leagues Takes Steps
.Which Mean a Great Deal
DISCIPLINE AN TMPIRF,
James Hassett Si^ns Contract
With Two Managers and
Is Srispended Indefinitely
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Feb. 23. — The
National Association of Minor Base
ball Leagues this evening appointed
Edward Hanlon of Baltimore and J.
H. Farrell of Auburn. N. Y., a com
mittee to arrange the final details for
a peace agreement with the Paclflo
National League as outlined at the
recent conference held in San Fran
cisco. This is eaulvalent to a ratifi
cation of the proposed agreement by
the National Association, though final
action is left to the committee, which
has full power to act. After the ap
pointment of the committee Mr. Far
rell presented a list of players in dis
pute, and the Toronto club at once
waived claim to Pitcher Miller and
First Baseman Massle.
Following adjournment of the Na
tional Association the Board of Arbi
tration went into session. Chairman
Sexton, Secretary Farrell and T. H.
Murnane of Boston were the mem
bers present. Sexton holding the proxy
of Lucas and Farrell the proxy of
Rourke. the absent members.
The board voted to suspend indefi
nitely Umpire James Hassett. who. it
was shown, had signed contracts with
both the Western League and Ameri
can League. A resolution was adopt
ed providing that a fine of $200 be
imposed upon any club which,
through its owner or manager or
player, tampers with a player of a
club a party to the agreement.
* Another resolution was adopted
providing that a fine of $100 be im
posed on any player under contract
or reservation who shall fail to re
port within three days after the date
set for reporting, providing that he
shall iiave had a week's notice. ,
NEW YORK. Feb. 23. — The an
nual schedule meetins of the National
League has been called for Tuesday,
March 1. in this city.
Alki and Ramona Safe.
SEATTLE. Wash., Feb. 20. — The
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamers Alki and Ramona. concern
ing which there had been some uneasi
ness owing to the terrible storm they
were reported to have encountered in
Lynn Canal, are both safe and on their
way to Seattle, according to telegrams
received by the company last night.OPERA SINGER
DIES IN SQUALOR
Mine. Eleonora IVtrelli, Once
Famed and Widow of Prince,
Passes AwayAinoiigStrangers
HER ROYALTY TITLE LOST
After Wealth VanishesSheWins
Fame on the Stage, but Is
Left in Poverty at Old Age
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— The Inter Ocean
to-day eays: Mme. Eleonora PetrelH,
once a world-renowned opera singer
and widow of Prince von Petroff of
Russia, a>d in an obscure hotel in Chi
cago, alone and in want save for the
charity of strangers.
Daughter and heiress of one of the
wealthiest Counts of Scandinavia, this
wonderful woman lived to see two great
fortunes melt away and to have her
title of royalty taken from her. Driven
by necessity to sing for a living in the
royal opera companies of the continent,
the singer won her way upward in the
profession, until at the Russian court
in St. Petersburg she became the wife
of Prince von Petroff, a Boyar noble-
JTian. Then began the series of misfor
tunes which eventually left her adrift
as a poor' teacher of music in Chicago
at the age of 87 years.
The singer had won fame under the
name of Mme. Petrelli in three royal
opera companies. The name was as
sumed for stage purposes and is Italian
for Petroff, the name of her royal hus
band. Her father was the Count Wei
gant of Sweden. Her mother was the
Countess von Schwerin. Mme. Petrelli's
name when a child was Eleanore Wci
pant. She was descended in a direct
line from the Grand Duke t>f Mecklen
burg and the Rev. Dr. Count von
Schworin. at one time the most noted
man in Scandinavia.
Sevrn Pines Circle,
The ladies of Seven Pines Circle
No. 3. Ladies of the Grand Army of
the Republic, will give their annual
Martha Washington party and ball in
Assembly Hall. Pioneer building, to
morrow evening. February 25. A num
ber of the ladies will appear in colon
ial costume. A fine programme has
been prepared, consisting of a recita
tion by Mrs. Angie Ayors; old-time
melodies, by R. R. Castle; selections
"by the geisha girls (ladies of the Third
Congregational Church): song, by Miss
Smedley; recitation, toy Miss Colby;
selections, by ihe Occidental Quartet,
and other talent. The grand march
is railed for 9 o'clock sharp, which
"ill b*> followed by an old-time cotil
lon. Refreshments will also be served.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Faint Spells
Are very oft^n attributed to biliousness,
and the stomach is treated to cathartics.
Thst'F wrong.
Fair.t spells ar<? often accompanied by
biliousness, but you will also notice
fhortness of breath, asthmatic breath-
ing, oppressed feeling in chest, weak or
hur.pry cpells, which are all early symp-
toms of hmrr weakn-rs.
Don't make the mistake of treating
the Ftomach when me heart is the
source of the trouble^.
Dr. Miles'
IVew Heart Cure
"Will strengthen the nerves and muscles
of the heart, and the fainting spells,
together with all other heart troubles,
will disappear.
"Four years ?.po I was very low with
h*2rt trouble, could hardly walk. One
<iay I had a faintirsj? ppell, and thought
I would die. Soon after "I beg-an using-
Dr. Miles' heart cure, and after taking
three bottles I feel that I am cured."
MRS. EFFIE CLOUGH. Ellsworth Falls,
Main*". ' •
Money back if first bottle fallB to
ber.eSt.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
epteamer* leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau. Ilaines, Ekajruay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. rn.. Feb.
20. 25. Mar. 1. Change to
company's steamers at Seat-
tle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Towneend, Seattle, Ta- j
corr.a, Evtreti, Whatcom — 11 a. ra.. Feb. 20,
"5 Mar. 1 Change at Seattle to this com-
j an v'e steamers icr Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at
or Taconia to N. F. Uy.: at Vancouver |
°For Kur<-ka fHuir.br.ldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
;> m. Feb. °J2 '■>. Mar. 5. Corona, 1 :30 p. ra.,
Feb. 13. 19. 25. Mar. 2.
Fcr Lo* Angrlef <vta Port Log Angeles and
K'-dondo), San Diero and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rpfa. fsundaye, 9. a. m.
f=tate of California. Thursdays. » a. m.
Fcr Los Ar.gxles fvla San Pedro and East
Pan Pe^ro), Banta Harbara. Eanta Cruz, Mon-
ri-rty Ran Simeon, Cayuco?, Port Harford (Ean
'LuifOMfPO). Ventura and Hueneme.
roos BaV. 9 a- m.. Feb. 21. 29 Mar. 8.
nonita. S a- m-. Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4.
For Knfonada. Masdalena Hay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Fax. Santa Ro-
F»lia Ouaymas (M«.). JO a*m.. 7th each
month. Fcr further interrelation obtain foider.
Right is rcservt-d to change steamers or sailing
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
' «>ry rt <palare Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freijrht office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DTTNANX. Oen^ral Passenirpr Aser.t.
3 0 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St., will
rail for and cb»rk barrage from hotels and
r*f\Aew*t. T*-ln>non*. Exchar-re 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon eai'.s Feb. 17. 27. March 8, 18, 28.
April 7, 17 and 27. S. S. Or»j?on is temporarily
In tervic* inrtead of the Columbia. George w.
Elder sail* Feb. 22. Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. R" 12
ard 22 Only stt-arnrhip line f> POETLAND.
tDR.. tn<3 ehcrt rail line from Portland to all
pointi Ka*i. Through tickets to all points, all
rail fr fieamshlp and rail, at LOWEST
P.ATE8. Steamer tickets Include berth and
rr.eal«. Flferr.er foot of Epear st. at il a.
rn. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept.. 1
MfrrtrcmTT rt. : C. CLrFFOHD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery «t.
9CC3nlCS.S.C0.iHs'
S. 8. EIEHRA. for >Iono*ulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Pydney. Thuns.. Martih 3. 2 p. m.
? « ALAMTTDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12, 11 a.m.
P. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Mch. 18, 11 a. m.
U.Jr£KEli& BSC!.a,«5t»^reW6ra2,M3IaW»
fi^tKatLtSI KirMSUfer h. MtoSelL
tcKPAQ^ii; czyzzkLt THirrsiT^iaruJ!
lilRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAniS. j^i_
Sailinr every Thursday instead of ¥<5Jjf£I'«
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ~ A •" '
River, foct cf Morton at.
■ Firrt clsss to Havre. J70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AXD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FLOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agf-nte. S Mentg-onM>ry avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* pcid by ail Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kare Island and YaUejo Steamers.
f :eamer GEN. FRIEBIE or MONTICELLO—
B:<3 a. rr... 3:15 and S:30 p. rn.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. ra.. 12:30 and 6 p. m... ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m.. 4:J5 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. TeL
Main 150S. Pier 2. illssicn-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
DOCTORS SWEAR
TO HIS SANITY
Medical Men Say De Labrousse,
Slayer of Miss Jordan, Was
Not Insane at Time of Crime
TESTIMONY IS ALL IX
District Attorney and Counsel
for Defense Close Cases and
Argument Begins To-Day
The trial of Edmond de Labrousse
for the murder of Miss Marie Jordan
was resumed In Superior Judge
Dunne's court yesterday. The whole
of the day was taken up by witnesses
called in rebuttal by District Attorney
Byin^ton and Assistant District At
torney Whiting.
Evidence for the most part was
forthcoming- to establish the san
ity of the prisoner, the witnesses be
ing nurses and medical men that had
attended De Labrousse after the com
mission of the murder and policemen
that had guarded him.
Mrs. Rose Kane, matron, Mrs. W.
E. Swett and Miss A. Hart, nurses at
the Central Emergency Hospital,
swore that De Labrousse was rational
while under treatment in the hospital,
and neither of the witnesses had
heard him scream or cry, and there
was nothing that attracted their at
tention to his case more than any
other patient. When they passed the
time of day he would reply.
Miss Hart said that the prisoner
_ i seemed to her to be perfectly rational.
J Policemen James Harrington. W.
; I Quarles. H. M. Owens. J. J. Farrell, K.
. J. Plume, P. Crowley. C. Francis,
; John McGee and P. J. O'Donnell tes
tified to having had the several
watches over the prisoner from the
| time of his admission to the hospital
until his removal to the City Prison.
They swore that De Labrousse was
rational and spoke not only to them
but also to the members of his family
while in the hospital. To the latter
I the conversation was in French.
SAY JlE WAS RATIONAL.
District Attorney Byington called
the medical men that attended the
j prisoner duriner his confinement in the
| Central Emergency Hospital, their
j evidence being- a direct contradiction
i to that given by Dr. Edwin Bunnell
I and Dr. Canac-Marquis.
Dr. W. P. Harvey, who was one of
j the surgeons at the hospital, swore
j that De Labrousse was perfectly ra
j tional so far as he could see. He
j never saw Dr. Bunnell present when
j the wounds were being dressed. Dr.
i C. F. Miller testified to the prisoner
i being rational while at the hospital.
j Witness had never heard him scream
I nor cry out.
! Dr. Thomas T. Maher said that the
j prisoner answered his questions co
| herently when he saw him at the hos
| pltal.
Charles C. Butcher, steward of the
1 Central Emergency Hospital, told of
,' having- dressed the prisoner's head
;' several times. To the witness he ap
\ peared rational. He was conscious
j when taken to the hospital.
The District Attorney called Dr.
; Charles C Wadsworth as an expert
I and put a hypothetical question to the
> witness, in which he reviewed some
i of the prisoner's actions up to the
! time of the murder.
In answer to the question Dr.
I Wadsworth said, decisively, "In my
j opinion he was sane."
GIVE EXPERT TESTIMONY.
The District Attorney then asked
; Dr. Wadsworth whether there was any
. such term as "madly insane," to which
• the witness replied, "There is no such
I term."
Detective Reynolds was called and
i swore that Dr. Bunnell stated to him
j that 1t was a very serious wound, but
that De Labrousse did not feel it and
that he \vas unconscious when on the
j operating table.
Dr. D. D. Lustig told of the years he
j had devoted to insanity cases and of
his holding the position of examiner of
the insane. The same hypothetical
j question as asked Dr. Wads worth was
i put to Dr. Lustig by the District At
torney, and in reply the witness said
firmly, "In my opinion the prisoner waa
pane." Witness said also that he had
never heard the term "monomania mel
ancholia."
The District Attorney then read the
hypothetical question Mr. Roche, coun
sel for defendant, had asked Dr. Bun
nell and Dr. Canac-Marquis, and In re
ply Dr. Lustig said, "In my opinion he
was sane and would know the differ
ence between right and wrong."
A KEMAHKABLE ADMISSION*.
Dr. C. F. Buckley was called by At
torney Roche in sur-rebuttal, and in re- i
ply to the question, "Could a man at- j
tend to business of any kind while en- j
tirely insane?" Dr.- Buckley answered I
in the affirmative, and said further that i
he knew a medical man that had at- i
tended to his practice for a year during '
which time he was insane. i
District Attorney Byington asked the i
witness whether while fnsane a doctor j
cculd practice medicine. i
Dr. Buckley replied, "Yes, and prac- j
! tice law, too, and better t,han some that i
are sane."
The District Attorney asked Dr. '
Buckley for the name of the medical i
practitioner that practiced while in- j
sane, but the doctor replied, "I cannot i
give the name, for the reason that he
is practicing now."
The witness gave it as his opinion
that De Labrousse was insane before !
the murder. ;
Mrs. Elizabeth Schleber and Miss Ju
lia Anthus had met the prisoner at a
party at Mr. and Mrs. P. Bennet's. on
Larkin street, during the month of Sep- j
tember, at which time they considered :
him rational. W. Jackson, A. L. Bur- i
row, F. G. Shallenberg, R. W. Burke, I
Harvey Long and Paul Hay also gave j
testimony, in which they grave it as >
their opinion that the prisoner was ra- I
tional before the commission of the
crime.
The District Attorney and Mr. Roche
announced that all the evidence was!
in, and an adjournment was taken un
til this morning, when the argument for
the prosecution will be made.
Lines From the Log Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited.
.-"I am on my way o'er the Santa Fe;
the only route I care about." — Geo. A.
Ketschke, Detroit, Michigan. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
POLICE JUDGE HEARS TALE
OF BATTLE OF THE BREAD
Flinty Loaves and Stringy Spaghetti Fly in Restaurant
Where Men and Maidens Gather to Celebrate Birth of
Country's Father — Sacking of Troy Lived Over Again
Judge Conlan's court rang with the
tale of a fiercer battle yesterday than
any that is likely to occur on the Yalu.
It will go down into history as the
Battle of the Bread. Plowshares have
been turned into swords every once
in a while, but the stunt' of making
the staff of life into a munition of war
is an innovation and noteworthy.
This is the tale that Judge Conlan
heard from survivors: There were fif
teen men and maidens seated at a
table at Luchetti's on Washington's
birthday singing 'The Land I Love Is
Bohemia — la — ia." At a near by
festal board sat nine men and maidens.
While the fifteen were making
merry suddenly there rose the slogan
of "Abas le Bohemia!" from the nine.
The fifteen were as unprepared as the
Russians at Port Arthur and before
they could throw up hasty entrench
ments of soup plates or prepare an
ambuscade behind the celery the nine
made a flank movement. A volley of
petrified Latin quarter French bread
created havoc among the fifteen. They
went under the table unanimously.
Jack Rice of Judge Conlan's court
was close to the melee, but remember
ing the advice of Washington, refrain
ed frorr/ entangling foreign alliances.
He crawled into a plate of Roquefort
cheese, and secure in that strong de-
fense watched the battle from afar.
H. Mulhall of the unfortunate fif
teen, who was wounded in the head
by the first volley of loaves, emerged
during a lull and demanded apologies.
His comrade, Robert Jeffries, stood be
side him and seconded his ultimatum.
A bomb of Rissotto smote the gallant
Jeffries In the eye and spattered over
his uniform.
One of the nine then ran forward to
reconnoiter and Mulhall and Jeffries
fell upon him, rendering him hors du
combat with well directed firing of
pate de foie gras and macaroni.
At this juncture the powers, that is
to say, the police interceded. They
drydocked Mulhall and Jeffries at the
City Prison.
When Judge Conlan heard the ballad
of battle he summoned the battered
veterans before him. "It was certainly
befitting to celebrate the birthday erf
that illustrious general, Washington, 1
with a war," he said. "This thing
ought to go to The Hague Tribunal,
but I'll take it upon myself to arbi
trate. Hereafter, oh, battle scarred he
roes, take your ravioli and macaroni
COUNTERFEITER GAIiLAN
GOES TO SAN QUEXTIN
SmiJRjrlinjr and Other Criminal Cases
Are Disposed Of in the United
States District Court.
C. W. Callan, a counterfeiter of 50
cent pieces, who pleaded guilty a few
days ago, was sentenced yesterday by.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven to serve three years' imprison
ment at hard labor in the San Quen
tin penitentiary and to pay a fine of
$500.
Two indictments against Manuel
Constant for defrauding the internal
j revenue department by illicit distill
| ing- and removing brandy were dis
missed on motion of the District At
torney. Constant has been convicted
and his distillery confiscated.
* Sixteen bolts of silks and an assort
ment of Japanese kimonas and curios
found secreted in the baggag-e of Cap
tain William H. Harts of the United
States Engineer Corps were ordered
i confiscated and sold for violation of
f the customs laws.
j United States District Attorney Wood
worth has been informed that Francis
i J. Heney had been engaged by the
Government as special counsel for the
prosecution of F. A. Hyde and H. P.
Dimond, indicted at Washington, D.
C, for frauds in connection with the
manipulation of lieu land scrip. Mr.
Woodworth had recommended Peter
P. Dunne, but Mr. Dunne was unable
to serve on account of his numerous
engagements. The examination Will
be held next week.
Andreas Winkelman, counterfeiter,
was held by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock to await the action
of the Federal Grand Jury. Thomas
F. Reynolds, postofflce clerk at Red
ding, arrested for opening letters and
stealing money from them, was or
dered by the Commissioner to appear
for examination next Saturday.
Tho Sixteenth and Mission Street Fur
niture House Seems to Be Doing
All the Furniture Business
in This City.
Since the great retiring sale started
at Pattosien's it seems all the furni
ture, carpet and drapery buyers are go
ing to that big store. Orders are coming
in from all parts of the State, even from
Oregon, Nevada and Washington, to fit
out beautiful homed. In this city there
is hardly a house which does not
either buy some odd pieces of fur
niture or fit out new the entire home.
The' public sees with Its own eyes the
wonderful reductions being made. Of
course there is a big stock to be sold in
spite of the big run the store Is having.
Every day new stock is replaced from
the warehouse for that which has been
sold. Just now the prices at other stores,
particularly Installment houses, are 50
per cent hipher. When Pattosien's store
will close the doors prices will at least
rise 75 per cent higher. This is the rea
son why the big crowds come daily to
Pattosien's. corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets. •
Slakes False Representations.
J. H. O'Connor was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Bunner and Freel
and charged with' obtaining money by
false pretenses. On February 17
he went to the Jepsen Bros.' Com
pany, • harness manufacturers, at
1145 Market street, and : said he
had been sent by Nathan Dohrmann
& Co. for two whips. He got them
and returned next day and got a whip
and a duster. Last Saturday he got
other articles and when he made his
appearance yesterday the detectives
were on hand and arrested him. On
January 13 he got a lot of poultry from
Lemoyne & Co. by false representa
tion and was arrested, but the case
•was dismissed. .
Xapa Gets a War Relic.
NAPA, Feb. 23. — The steamer Zin,
fandel made an extra trip to Mare
Island navy. yard, bringing to this city
a captured Spanish cannon given to
the city of Nap by the ordnance de
partment at Washington.
internally. It Is unseemly to sprinkle
such deadly "stuff over the persons of
fellcrw beings. Let the Slav and the
Jap do the tangling for the present.
They have the floor.
"Go, take your murderous loaves and
if they are stale turn them into the
peaceful and useful bread pudding.
The war of the bread is over."
It was a Grecian holiday. Whether
or not it was the sack of Troy they
were celebrating or the battle at Ther
mopylae does not appear. At any rate
twelve of them found themselves in
the narrow pass known as "Howard
court," which lies between Howard and
Xatoma streets. Deeply they drank of
Falernian wine and the old-time war
spirit was revived. Again they beat
Xerxes back from forbidden shores and
ruled an olive bearing sand dune,
"laughing tearfully," as Homer says.
One lone policeman took them in tow
for disturbing the peace. He was not
historically sane, but he knew his duty
when the neighboring tenement win
dows held myriad heads, wondering
what the trouble was.
All the defendants were discharged
by Judge Cabanlss yesterday with an
injunction that although Marathon
looks on the sea the children born un
der her shadow have no more privileges
than ordinarily accrue to the plainest
American citizen.
Roy B. Freeman is the "lookout kid."
When he gets his auger to work noth
ing is hidden from him. He rented a
room from Mrs. G. H- Horn, who con
ducts the Washington Hotel. When he
secured his apartments he proceeded
to bore holes in the floor so that he
might see what was going on below.
The landlady found shavings on the
floor and a keen eye glued to an apert
ure in the ceiling and she had her
lodger arrested for malicious mischief
because he defaced the floor of his room
with punctures. Judge Fritz found him
guilty and will sentence him to-day.
Cassius Crosby is in trouble again.
He is a notorious room-prowler, and by
virtue of a smug face and a moneyed
father has escaped conviction on sev
eral charges of burglary. His latest
escapade was to Invade a room on
Kearny street and secure the valuables
the obcupant possessed. For this he
was arrested and released on $25 bail.
When tho Judge heard the circum
stances he ordered the defendant into
custody and raised the bail to $2000.
REFUSES TO DECLARE
THE CONTRACT INVALID
Supreme Court Snys Selby Oppen-
Iieimer Jlust Stand by Hi* Agree
ment With Thomas Clunie.
The Supreme Court has decided that
Selby Oppenhelmer must stand by the
contract he made with Thomas Clu
nie to pay $550 a month for* five years
for the use- of the-Olunf* Opera-house
in Sacramento. The lease was con
summated in December, 1900. A year
later Oppenheimer was sick of his
bargain and commenced action to
have . the contract declared void.
He alleged that Clunie had misrep
resented the condition of the theater
to him. He asserted that the house
was not constructed so as to comply
with the fire ordinances and that the
stairways were rotten and unsafe.
The lower court decided in his favor
and appear was taken by Clunie..
The Supreme Court declares that
Oppenheimer had plenty of opportun
ity to find out all about the theater
and that therefore, he is not entitled
to any redress. The rental for five
years at the rate mentioned in the
contract is $33,000.
PERSOXAL.
Dr. Henry Way of Riverside is at
the Grand.
F. M. Swasey, an attorney of Red
dins:, is at the Grand.
S. G. Yerkes, a steamship man of
Seattle, ia at the Palace.
* Charles C Derby of the Mount Bul
lion mine is at the Palace.
Rev. G. and Rev. L. Scott of Lon-
don are staying at the Grand.
N.' Griffith. -.who is identified with
the electric company of Fresno, is, at
the Palace. . .
Attorney "VV. J. Bartnett, who was
been in the East since November in
connection with the "Western Pacific
Railway, has returned to this city.
Robert Marpole of Vancouver, gen
eral superintendent of the Canadian
Pacific lines west of Winnipeg, and
the members of his family arrived at
the Grand yesterday.
General Manager Julius Krutt
schnitt and Chief Counsel William F.
Herrin of the Southern Pacific Com
pany have departed for New York,
where they will participate in the an
nual conference of officials of the Har
riman lines.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
FrOm -San Francisco — C. Anderson.. at
the Park Avenue; W. H. Avery, at the
Holland; J. A. Peritschoff, at the Ev
erett; H. Block, at the Belvidere; Miss
M. B. Britton, at the Westminster; F.
B. Findley, at the Navarre; Miss B. S.
Forrest, at the^Park Avenue: H. How
ard, at the York; H. C. Norton, at the
Altremarle;- I*. Richter, at the
Cadillac; C. Steinbach, at the
Herald Square; 1. Scottland, at the
Cadillac; L. A. Saalfield, at the Her
ald Square; F. C. Tarrey, at the Ever
ett; E. H. Tryon, at the Marlborough,
and Miss F. B. Vail at the Westmin-
ster..
From Los Angeles — J. R. Dwyer, at
the Hoffman; H.' F. Vollmer and wife,
at the Imperial. '
Rains Hard in Mountains.
The storm- was general over Central
and Northern California yesterday.
The rainfall was light, except in the
mountains, where it was unusually
heavy. The rivers on both sides of
the Sierras were running bankfull last
night. The weather north of the Te
hachapi will surely be showery to
day, acording to, the predictions of the
Weather Bureau officials, and the
south also may get some rain.
There are 2835 licensed automobiles
in the State of New -York. : ; i
QUARREL OVER
BOY'S CUSTODY
Mrs. Julia M. Jones Claims
That Her Former Husband Is
Not Fit to Take Care of Him
COMPLAINS OF TREATMENT
She Avers That Defendant Has
Refused to Allow Her to See
Lad-Other Couples' Troubles
Julia M. Jones, who was divorced
from Samuel A. Jones in April, 1902,
filed an affidavit yesterday In support
of her motion that the decree of divorce
be amended so that she will be given
the custody of their son, who was
awarded to Jones. She says he is unfit
to have the custody of the little one,
and in support of her charge alleges
that Jones refuses her reasonable asso
ciation with the child, and has even
gone so far as to send back the pres
ents she sent the boy at Christmas
time.
E. F. Jurgensen, defendant in the suit
for divorce brought by Lydia A. Jur
gensen, answered his wife's suit with a
general denial of her charge of cruelty.
In a cross-complaint he accuses her of
being the cause of their unhapplness. .
Suits for divorce were filed by Lucy
Selore against Carlo Selore for cruelty,
C. Klose against Marie M. K. Close for
desertion, W. W. Gibson against Sarah
K. Gibson for desertion, "Ernestine
Spunn against Isidore Spunn for cJru
elty, Anna E. Wohlander against
Charles J. Wohlander for cruelty, John
J. Rutherford against Mary M. Ruther
ford for cruelty, Emil A. Engelberg
against Annie I. Engelberg for cruelty
and Zilpha L.' Eddy against Allen G.
Eddy for cruelty.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Jessie Weil from
Louis J. Weil for desertion, Ray Doyle
from Joseph Doyle for neglect, Hallie
Eldridge from Arthur Eldridge for de
sertion, L. V. Lownes from F. P.
Lownes for conviction of felony, George
Gallick from Susie Gallick for deser
tion, P. J. A. Royers from Arminda
Royers for desertion and 1 Emma H.
Joyaux from John Joyaux for neglect.
'Judge Graham decided that Maria M.
da Silva was not entitled to separate
maintenance from A. P. da Silva, and
ordered judgment entered for the de
fendant. The suit was tried several
weeks ago.
Judge Sloss denied the motion of Jo
seph Feld, the former policeman, who is
under arrest on a charge of murdering
his father-in-law, to vacate the order
allowing' Alice Feld alimony pending
the trial of her suit for divorce. He
also refused to set aside an order re
strairiing Feld from withdrawing his
funds from the bank.
In Utah there are large deposits of
radio-active uranium ores and com
pounds that are about to be opened.
Analysis shows that they will yield
fifteen grains of radium to the ton of
ore.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE &"coT
STATIONERY
The advantages of a com-
plete equipment in the Work-
rooms of SHREVE & CO.'S
Stationery Department are
available for the prompt and
intelligent execution of or-
ders for Wedding Stationery,
Visiting and Reception Cards
and* the stamping of Cor-
respondence Papers.
POST and MARKET STS.
Printing and
Developing
AT CUT BATES.
There is no work of this kind done any-
where that excels mine, and I lead in low
prices. Here are a few figures:
DEVELOPING.
Roll cf 6 lOulRolI of 12 15c
" PRINTING.
Folio finish. .3c to BolVelox finish. 3c to 6c
I carry in stock all sizes of films for ko-
dak work. Size l"<,xtiU, 6 exposures 15c,
■12 exposures 25c; stsee 2Ux3Vi. 6 exposures
2Cc, 12 exposures 40c; size 2^x4}!, 6 ex-
posures 25c, 12 exposures 50c; size 3Ux4 1 ,4,
6 exposures 35c, 12 exposures 70c, and
majiy other sizes at low prices.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS.
F. W, PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 Market Street, above Powell.
ORDER F^OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mall TUs Order to. The Saa Traaclseo Call Wltk 73c
The San Francisco Call,
\ San Francisco, Cal.r
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me on*
copy -of The Call's Great .Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The, Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib- -
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr ..................... ........«W
STREET ................................
CITY ..........'............ .-
STATE .. ; ,
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
I Golden State <iilllBS>tf§# I
g| C. A. RUTHERFORD, 1$ uOl I j
|| District Passenger Agent, J^VvKf' n&A 1
H ' 623 Market St., San Francbco, Cal. I^^J^mIJ^T^ *!
CALIFORNIA Ej
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 8
LEAVES DAILY H
at 0:30 a. m, throug-h in '3 flayi, P
with diner and 'nil tffeppin;>. If
Otier Santa F« Tralnal
A :39 *• ™-l for Stockton. Fresno, BakersBeld.
8. : 00 p" mf Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St., and
Terry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Terry. Toot of Market Street.
SAXT FBANCISCO TO SAW EAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00, U:(X> a. m.; 12:^5.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Estra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. ra.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 8:05. 7:33. 7:50. 0:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. 5:06. 6:25 p. ra.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. fSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- j~Sun-~Tweek
Daya; ) days. [ tlon. | daya. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a! 8:40 a
9:30 a Igmaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:00p 7:35 p
7:30 a ~ bTlOa! 8:10a
8:00a No\-ato. 10:40a 10:20a
3:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6;20p
5:10.p 3:30 p and . 7:35 p
5:00 p Banta Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a|10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
' 3:30 p 3 :30 p j
Windsor. I
7:30a 8:00 a Healdsburgr, 10:40a|10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyeerville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10-20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Ukiah. 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:3Oa|8:0Oal WlllliEa |7:35p|6:20p
7:30a) 8:00a| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Guerneville. |7:35p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma^ I 9:10af8T40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:00al llO:4oTallO:26"a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Marie West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springe; at Gey-
gerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala for
the Geyserw, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springe; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Spring's", Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierly's,
Bucknells, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orrs
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp.
Steven*, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Uaal: at WlUlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville. Cummlnrs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, C30 Market street. Chronicle
bulldins.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,.
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Eta
Vim Sauialito Terry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8:00,
0C0 10:00 11:00a. ra., 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13,
6-15, 6:15, 7:00. S:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. ta.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO TAN FRANCISCO
—Dally 3:25. 6:35. 7:40, 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8: F 5 ROM 2 °MIlS' VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally, 5:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:55, 9:55.
11-20 a. ra.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:00. 5:05. 6:05.
7 05 9:00 10:35 p. m.
'" ' * THROUGH TRAINS.
8 :00 a. va. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exeepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays\— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Foist Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st. .
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «t. \
I / sunsit \*9] Train* leare and »r»
I - \* '^"^^ / • I due to arrive at
\&\Jh^&y\fy SAN FRANCISCO.
>^| -. * (Main Line, Ferry Depo«,
j *^^^ Toot of Murkct Street >
; li\ts — From F»iiBr<BY IT. l'.'lM. — m»iri
i 7.00*. V»caT«k'. Winter*. i:um»<?y 7.S0p"
7.00a Bcnleia, SuUun. EImlr<kaad Snera-
msntu , 7-20*
I 7. 30* TilAo. Napa. CaMstoeu. Santa
lioss. Mnrtioez, Si.ii:.nn-'n 6 20?
7 30a Nl.es. Llvermore, Trscy, Lat&rop.
Stockron .. 7 20?
800* Sha«t» Express— (V'l.t Darl.i).
■Wllliamt (for Bartlett Springs),
Willow*. +fruto. Hed Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50?
8. 00* DaTts, Woodland. Knights Landing.
MaryiTllle. OfWVllU 750if
8.30a Port Custa. Martinez. Antluca.
Byron, Tr»oy, btoci*i>Q. Npw-
mau. Lo« Banos. Mendota.
Armona. IlaafuriL Vlsall*.
PorterTill« 4.20'
8. 30a Port Coita. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Mode«to, Slercd. Fresno.
Goonen Junction. II an ford.
VIsall*. T»ak«-r«nel<l .: 4.5Qi"
8-30a Niles, Sao Juie, Llvermore. Stot-k-
ton. ftMflton'*. lone. Sacramento,
Placerrllle. Jlaryirllle, Chlco,
Bed Bluff 420»»
8-30* Oakdaie. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne anil Asgels 4 20?
900* Atlantic Expresn— OKtten »nol E**t. 1120*
9.30a Rl<-binond. Martinez and Way
Station* 8 50p
10 00* The Overland Limited — Ugden.
Denver. Omana, Chicago. 8 20c
1000a Vallejo 12.2UP
10.00a Lot Aneele* Pa»*epgcr — Port
Costa. Martinez. Eyron. Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. .Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. VUaKa.
! Bakersfleld. Lo« An5»l"'» 7-20*
12- 00» Hayward. Nlles an<1 Way Stations. 320p
1 ti-COl" Sacr»m«nto River Steamers tii.OiJr
3.30F Bealcla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Kntgbrs Landlni;,
MarysTllle, Orovllle and way
stations 10504
3-30* Hayward. Nlleiaad Way Statloni.. 7.5J*
3.30P Von Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modoitot
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
, tfons beyond Port t'osta 12 20p
3-30p Martinez. Trary. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20*
4 00r Martlnez.San linmon. ValleJo.Kapa.
Callstoga. Santa Hot* 9 20*
4 OOf Niles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 420p
4 30* Bayward. Nile*. Irrlngton, San) tQ.5Q*
Joie. Llrermore ) II 1.50 4
B.00* The Owl Limited— .Vewman. Lo»
Baaos. Mer.rtr-ta. Frenno. Talara.
Bakertfleld. Lo* Angnles.
Golden State Llmitcl Sleeper,
Oakland to Los An.".p>, for Cni-
cago. via C. B. I. * P 8.50*
BCOr Port Costa, Tracy, 8tocSton 12 20?
t6.30* Hsyward. Nlles anil San Jose 7.204
600* Hayward. Nilet and San Joso 9 iOi
6 OOf Eastern Express — Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, st. Louis. ChicaKO and
East. Port Cotta. U •:'.:<•!*. Sal-
tun. Elmlra, Davl«. Sai-ramento,
Rocklio. Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, Keao. Wad*-
■worth, Wlnnemncca 5 20V
S.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » 7 cfl
7.00f Vallejo, Suaday only f ' 6QF
7X0r hkhmond. San Pablo. Port Co»t-»,
Martlnes and Way Station* 11-204
805p Oregon it California Express— Sac-
ramento, Maryavllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Ea»t. 8-504
B.IOr Bayward. Nile* and San. Jose (£un-
dajonly) 11-50*.
COAST LINE (Sarrow Usage).
(Foot of Market Strest.)
8.15a Newark, CeoterTllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5 55 r
t2.16r Kewark. Centervllle, San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatot, Felton.
J Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Station* +10 55*
4.15' Kewark. SanJose, Los 6 atos and S *3.55 4
'-'£, way stations ) :10 55 a
«9 SOr Banters Tratn. Satnrlay only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Ketnrn-
Ing from Los (latos Sunday only. 17 25f
OAKLA.ND HARBOR~FE~RRY.
From SAJTFRAS CISCO, Foot of Morket St. (Slir>-»>
—17:15 »:C0 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 *S:*t
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 400 r.x.
COAST LINE (Broad Uan X »).
nr (Third and Tutrnsend Streets.)
6-10* 8an Jose and Way Stations 8-30>
7.00a San Jose and Way Stations 5 38.*
8.00a New Almaden (Toes., Frld., only), 4.10p
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
Gllro7 (connection for Hallis*
ter). Pajaro. Caatrovllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grovr), Salinas, Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
< garl ta, San Lnls Oblspo, principal
stations tbence Sarf (connection
for Lompoc}, principal stations
tbence Santa Barbara,?anBuena-
ventnra. Banana. Los Angeles... 10-49*
9.00a £aa Jose. Tres Pino*. Capltola.
SantaCrnz.Paclflc (irove.Saltaaa,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10»
10.30a SanJose and Way Stations 1-20r
II 30* Santa Clara, San Joie. Los Gatoi _
and Way Stations 7.30p
1-60T San Joae and Way Stations 8 38*
S-OOp Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
fan Joie, Bel Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa-
Clara for Santa Cruz. Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for HolUster. Tres
Plnos. at Castrnville for Salinas. 12-15*
3-30? Tres Plnos "Way PasKenier 10 45*.
430p Ban Jose and Way $tatlons 18 QQ*
tS 00 1> San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way S:»-
tlons (except Sanday) t9.00*>
15.3Cr Ean Joie and Principal Way Stations 0.40a,
6-OOp Sunset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jose. Gllroy.SalUtas.Paso Uobles,
San Lnls Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles, Demlnir. £1 Paso,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Cantrovinn for Pacific
Grove and Way Station* 7-1Q*
t8-15P Ean Mateo, Beresford.Belmont. San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oa^s,
MenloPark. Palo Alto r8-*8A>
6 30r 8an Joie and Way Station*. 63f>*
8 00r Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .3Qr tiouth San Francisco, MUlbrae. Bur-
llBfame. San Mateo, Belnnoa:,
E»o Carlos. Bedwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45P
oil -30* If ay Held. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence, ftaata Clara and
San Jom» t3-45P -
A for Mornlns- P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday exeepted, 1 Sunday oaly.
a Saturday only.
f Stops at all stations on Sunday.
fir Only trains itoppln* at Valencia St. southbound
ireb:MA.M.,7:C0A.M., ll:3<ji.ii..3:aip.«., t:WJP.JUan>l
1:00 r.X
IVsT. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via Stuaito farrr Arrive
StnFranctaco fwt *f Hark** a SaaFrandaca
Week Sun- Sruv- Wee.-'
Days. days /wwrY^Y^W, day» Day^
•1M3i*8:O4>A e&UaEetttfQ l«:U5r|f0i4Ci
•I:45p »:OOa lirapffl l:33p*:3;>,
S:15p 1O:OOa. \£r^rS&f l:SOr 5:SO>
, ll:OO A 4:5Op 9:39*
*>— «t wia gap t> r atfmm — i man &■»
CCUT | &£ Majjckt St..( North Shore RaUroaui)
VflCB I and Sausalxto Fukv. Foot Ujtrket Sl
Weekly Call, J^l per Year
1112
TO\v/\ ! lv^^' sc ui \\\ \\r Tf\ ris . "ti ir \v/\viT Kf TUC
WAN \ HI MAN— ( ) F nr WAN D nt
THE^jGALli
JOEZ- _». sr_-EC-_E-.S, Proprietor.
KJiis caEEimlc-iicig » icgfK5ADggT, Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Wlli Con-
nect You With the Department You \\ ten.
r_!i!ir_tlon Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 237 to 221 Stevenson ft.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Ter 'Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Sirgle Copies 3 Cent?
Terrr.t by Mall Including Postage (Cash WUn
°rder) ■ __ ,_. '
DAILY CALL flnelud. t-un<1«y). 1 y»~r...$8O0
DAILY CALL <in<-lu_. Sunday). 6 moi 4 00
DAILY CALL— By _!_«_• Month 75^
tUKDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 «_>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 100
FOREIGN- ( Daily-.. $S60 Per Tear Extra
pnQTArv- \ Sunday. 4 15 Per Tear Kxtra
POSTAGE. _\y_e_Jr. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTlfAFTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of a.-
_re*» ehouid be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
proir.pt end correct compliance with their r«-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone -lain 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tHS Center E;reet Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent.
CAiTUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NT"— YORK NETVS STANDS:
"Ta'.dorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 81
t>.!on Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
8ue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P O. News Co.: Great
Korthern Hotel; Trem'ont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Paider House.
CHICAGO P.EPP.n?ENT.mVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.-Marquette Bull_In_
(Long Distance Telephune, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEM B. SMITH _0 Tribune Building
NEW TOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTCN Herald Squara
EttTSZKEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Can corner Market and Third streets; open'
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICESJI
JOf^S Market street, opposite FiftS" open until
1! p. m.
t_7 Montgomery etreet corner Clay; open un- ]
tfl 8:30 p. m.
SOB Hayes street: cpen utj'.'I 9:30 p. — t.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
riT> Larkin street; opt-n until 9:30 p. m.
1^.41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
_2i;i Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open un-
til 9 p. m. - t
10f, Eirveath street; open until 0 p. ra.
-CSC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan -treet*;
rj.en until it p. m.
?k"cTtfc— est corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
t-jrky Ftreets; open until 9 p. it..
BI__I_TI.NG ;<OTICl_S.
MOUXT Uoria-l Ludce No. 44, K. and _
A. M. — Called ir.e.Ung THIS (WKD-VV
NESDAYj EVENING at 7:.{<j o'clock: /^TV
second <J*cree.
TH1-O. FnnMCH, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 188. F. and n>
A. M.— (Second decree THIS (WED-VV
NESDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock /^\
frh&r;.. H. J. OWEN, S*~r*>tar>. '
KISSXON Lodec No. ins. F. and A. M. ©
— Called mt-eMr.g THIS WEDNHS- W/ 1
DAY) EVEXI.VU at 7:3O o'clock; /^\
third degree. '
— B. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
FARNSWORTH Lodge No. 95. I. _*_asi__.
O. O. F.— Fim degree THIS
(WEDNESDAY/ NIGHT. Tebru- *"-&f2*£
ary 34. IJMM. at K o'clock sharp.
Welcome Hall; vij-iting- brother* welcome.
J. SINCLAIR. Noble Grand.
G. A. BLT.MAX, Recording Secretary.
HORSE Lodce No. 257. I. O. O. .,-. ,.
r\— Initiation THIS i \V LTiX ES- 4«{_!__^
DAY) EVENING. February •2i.'&GZ*g&!s%S
and other very important 1>um- ' ; S»f, l^^
nets; all members are most earnestly re-
<jueyted t o he present; Visitors cordially In-
vited. E. F. SCOTT. Noble Grand.
' '. P.RIND, Recording Bccretarr.
ANNUAL MEETING — l'aauhau .^ugar Planta-
ticn Company — The regular annual meeting
OX the stockholders of the Paauhau Pugar
Plantation Company Kill be held at tb»
elnce cf the company, S27 Market street,
scorn 4. second floor, in the city and cou_:y j
<pi Saii Francisco, State of California, on
SATURDAY, the _>th day of March. A. D.
31«t4. at the hour of 11 o'clock s. ra.. for
the jiurjiofe of «-lectln_- a Board of Director.
to serve for the tr.suing- year and for the
transaction of *uch other business as may
properir come before the meeting. Trans'er
books v.-iU close en TUESDAY. February' 2 i
"K04. at the hn_r of :: o'clock p. m.
IL W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company. _1'7 Market st., San
Francisco. Cal.
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
ji£r.y — The regular annual meeting of the
nockho'.ders of the HAKALAU PLANT \-
TION COMPANY will be held at the office
o'. the company, 327 Mark-* st. (room 4, j
**eond floor), in the city anj county of Sa_
Francisco. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the _d day of March. 1904 at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the "pur-
jK*e cf electing a Board of Directors to
»erve for ifc« ensuing year, and for tSlfe
- transaction of Fuch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bock* will close on SATURDAY. Febru-
ary _<i. I0f-». at the hour of 3 o'clock p m
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tstior Company. 227 Market tt.. San Fran-
tisco. California. Saa Francisco, CaU. Feb
1G. lft&4.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — Th» regular .nnual
meeting nj the stockholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
J.c'._ at the office of the company, 2_7 Mar-
ket Mreet (room 4, second floor). In the city
end county of San Francisco. State of Caii-
iL-rnia. en WEDNESDAY, the _4th day of
FebmaxT. A. D. i^04. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the rurrose of electing a
boar- of directors to serve for the. ensuing
; «-ar anil for the transaction of such ether
I usiness as may properly ccme before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Satur-
day. F-hruary 13. 1L»O4. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
terretery Honolulu Plantation Company. 327
Market «tr*«>_, San Francisco. California.
fen Francleco. Cal.. Feb. 10, lf»04.
JCOTICE of annual stockholders' meeting— The
regular annual n-.ef.tj n - of stockholder*
rf AssocU'ed Oil Company (a corporation)
will be held at the office of the company
eleventh floor. Hayward building. San Fran'
Cisco CslJforria. on M ON BAY. 29th day
cf February. WWL at the hour of 10 a. m
fcr the purpose Of electing a Board of Direct-
or* to tei-e for the ensuing year and the
tranracti^n of such other business as msy
co-.e before the meeting.. This noitce Is
prlrtrd in th« Pan Francisco Call by order
•r.fl _irection of Beard of Director* of A«
FocJatrd Oil C— npany.
° ?CR IBNETt. Secretary.
Office — Eleventh flor.r, Havward building I
f»n Francisco. Cal. Date, Feb. 16. 1904. ' I
THE California Debris Commission having re-
crjved application to mine by hydraulic prc-
<_e«s from the New Highland Gold and Cop-
ier Mining Corr.pary. in Marnaluk* gravel
nine, near Georgetown. El Dorado County
Csl.. -raining Into Canyon Creek wh'ch
reaches American River, irlvee notice that
a rr.eetlng: win be h*ld at room 96 Flood
«i JM 1 ! -3n~' *=an Francisco. Cal.. March 7. 1904.
_ ACEXTS WAJVTED. ~
EVERYWHERE in California; solicitor*, <3em-
onstrators; best modern improved shoes- ten
rr-ritorious features; permanent exclusive ter-
ritory; no ' risk. KUEHION KOMFORT
SHOE AGENCY. 1233 Broadway. Oakland
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Post t-t.. 8an Francisco. Cal.
MIVEETISEMENT W__1T__TO.
HAVING recently acquired^rougb~^c_i__e
cf property three $40 scholarships in thebest
college cf Advertising in the Unite. States.
I will tell them at _5 per <-nt discount for
<■«-_: the coUere teaches advertisement writ-
Ingr by correspondence and assist* it* grad-
uates to tfcurf positions; catalof— les fur-
nishg- en application. Address box 8026. Call.
>*TTORXEYf-AT-l.A\V. ~~~~
W. H. BITTNErI "
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice Free. Phone South 743.
Suite C_2. Emma Spreckels ' Bulldinr
Dlvwees quietly and legally obtained for !
eight cauces; damages secured for injuries to '
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachment* ar.d garnish-
ment, for debts; bend* furnished; bankruptcy
proceeding*; wills rrohated; estates settled;
collections made In all part* of the U. S.
—-__—-—_ __
Colurr.blan Law and Collection Agency.
Boom S5, 816 Market e_; teL John 6220. '
/ »
ATTOnXEY-AT-LAW — Continued.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 0, 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Bth floor, entrance room fill; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; ro fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evening*. 927 Market st.. rm. 301.
DITSIXESS CHAXCES.
A— $1000: PHONOGRAPH parlor and shootlnr
gallery, averaging about $1> 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day; will sell or trad«
for l'>dKing-house. gee R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny -t.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In choic-
est location; rent $S0; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26>_ Kearny st.
A — $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R, G.
WILKE, 2C>_ Kearny st.
A — $2250; PTEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest macfc!-»rv, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; in thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars tee R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay, with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3600; not all cash required: a
pood business. Call • R. G. WILKE. : 26%
Kearny st.
A — $750; SALOON; estab. many year*; 3 years'
lease; rent $M); located close to Kearny and
California sts.; elegant fixtures-: a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKtT, 2(ii_ Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE, 26>_ Kearny st.
A— $.3000; GRILL room and cafe: the leading
establishment In Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. Seo
R G. WILKE. 261. Kearny st.
A— $1200; BAKERT, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4^. barrels
per day; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2O',_ Kearny *t.
A — $350: THE leading restaurant cf this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE, 2C>_ Kearny st.
1 A— $1_M>; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large efock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 26'. Kearny st.
A — J500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rocms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 20»i Kearny St.
A— $__00; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton;
place epeaka fcr itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 2«i_ Kearny Et.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
n'.Mied rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $05; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2C- Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy ft., cor Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of fc>uslne«s chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000 j
Cand> and Ire ..-ream parlors. . .$200 to $2500
Barber shop* $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $:J50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Salrcr.s $300 to $ 10,0(10
I.estaurants $350 to *20.C60
Iruit and vegetable stores $300 to $10l>0
Drug' Etores $.000 to JCOOO
' Delicatessen etores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to ?1000
FOB faie cr trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'iDg house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR Bale — One of the best restaurants in city;
rheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
b-ar investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 EJdy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch-~-F1ne
h%rd«are and electrical supply store; rent
MO; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
stand strict investigation; price $S0O0.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city In ?tate; less than ■! hours' ride from
Saa Francl-Cu; 20 acres land; 3(5-room *furn.
hotel, with tarns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer: rental S500 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cowf: bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; rai5es own frijit, vegetables,
hny, rhicker.s. etc.; big money to be made;
price $2250; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. _ Eddy Et.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1840,
BUSINESS AGENT.
617 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $200; PARTNER In well-established office
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A — $500: DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; good trade: 4 living rooms, fur-
nislied. BROOKBANK.
A— $700; SALOON; old established; finely fit-
ted Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
don't fail to see thin. BROOKBANK.
A— $325: 6- ROOM corner flat on Larkin Ft.;
Ecod location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
A — $6OO; OYSTER and chop house; corner busy
Et. ; daily recpts $30: cheap rent. Brookbank.
CARRIAGE and wagon manufacturing busi-
ness for sale In a large and prosperous Cal.
city; does a yearly trade of over $125,000;
has on hand at present time work worth
. $7000: working to fullest capacity; modern
brick workshops, well stocked and fully
equipped with up-to-date machinery: excel-
lent house of 9 rooms adjoining; established
1SS7. Owner having met with serious acci-
dent Incapacitating him from further work
offers hi? business at the sacrifice price of
$22,000. For further particulars apply
"Cowper," E. C. ,DAKE'S Advertising
Agency, San Francisco.
A _. A
TRY KREDO & CO 7C5 MARKET ST.
A— $000; LAUNDRY route, clears $150 month.
$5.*>0: paying restaurant buElnesg; choice.
*.>0O; cigar stand; transfer corner; $15 daily.
$.'000; hotel, Humholdt Co.; 3 acres realty.
$e00; bakery; estab. route KREDO & CO.
A^$7. ( w): SALOON; receipts $S00 mo.: bargain:
fixtures worth $GO0. Kredo & Co., 765 Mkt.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2T«0, part cash; corner
saloon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business. $2_00, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny __
GENTLEMAN of fine appearance, speaking
English and German perfectly, will Invest In
legitimate business. Box 4315, Call office.
I 'WILL sell at a reasonable price my half-
lnt«rfc_t in a lumber yard and planing mill
In - *ood town not far from San Francisco:
have a good trade and business is Increasing.
Address box 2583, Call office.
A GROCEP.Y in a flrst-class mining
town within a day's ride of this city; good
tr&ae and I will sell as I have other and
larger Interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 2066. Call office.
WANTED--A partner in a g«6d river-boat en-
terrrlse. Box 2055. Call office.
AN exclusive manufacturing business for
Fale. all or one-half Interest; patented In the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
seller and big profits. Box 2062, Call.
FOR saler-Oyster and chop bouse; in choicest
location: including furnished rooms; cheap.
Address l»x 2135, Call office.
$800— BAKERY for sale; established 17 years;
reason for selling, owner going away; fln«
locality; all store trade. Box 1616. Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale In a good
buFtne** location In Western Addition. Box
_&5_. Call office.
$600— GROCERY and bar stocked: in good
location; rooms attached: tent cheap. Box
2541. Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sals. Call 321 Bryant.
FOR tale — Cheap; saloon, lodging-house ~26
rooms; account departure. 424 /Pacific st.
WANTED — A candy store; state price and full
particulars. Box 2550, Call.
SMALL hair dresUng parlor: fine stock of hair
_xu-s; bargain. 115. Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ FEBRUARY 24, 190 1.
BPSIJTESS CHANCES — ConHnned.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing 1 that '
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money in our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of . California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market et.; rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
HOTEL ~FOR~ SALE^
Nev and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete. and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing room with 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; .$10,«KO; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cafih and service, secure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
pured; highest references. •
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A — 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments cf $100 and upward; no "eret-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling echeme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in B. P,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market Bt.
THE BEST INVESTMENT-"!
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
. Co. $_5; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
SHOPROOM, 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderlck st., between Geary and O'Farrell.
l-OHGIXG-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; line entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished: all now;
$WH) down, balance 1}_ per cent; fine buy; only
$12.*iO.
12G rooms; rent only $4 ner room; new and
up-to-date house; all men: electric ' elovator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys in the city.
8-room upper flat; corner: all sunny rooms;
beautiful irttle gem of a home; price $750.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner Jiouse; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In &M to $40 per day transient, besides
regular _roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets: clears Jf:"»i); $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture: newly painted and papered; clearing
$80 month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room, new, modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
7-room- flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing ?CCO i>er month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
IS) rooms; rent only $100; well furnished: lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
€0 roorr.s: rent only $300; downtown tran-
Fient house; clears $200 to $_50 per month;
will only take $700 to get in; must leave city;
price $2000.
100 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class. up-to-date
commercial house; clearing ?W0 to $400 per
month; going East.
S rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axmin_ter carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms: rent only $75: Ellis: oak furni-
ture: good carpets; clears $<iO; leaves .'5 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.,
46 rooms; rent only $C5; well located hotel,
south of Market: fine bar. well stocked; brick
buiiding; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
9-room, new, modern flat: 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $lS00; a bargain;
sIckneCF.
00 rooms: part offices; elegant new building
anj furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; firrt-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$r>0; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; r.ew and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $100 to $000 p»r month; obliged to leave
city.
30 roon-.s: rent $05: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' ]ea?e; clears $100; full; $2000.
5 rooms; Geary: rpr.t $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-cla?s condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears Wi; price
$1SCO; half cadi, balance 1^_ per cent.
2!) rooms; rent ?S5; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can gft 1C more rooms; good
th'ng; $15C0.
71 rooms; elegant, new. modern building; in
one of the best cities of Southern' California;
electric lights, hot ani cold water; everything
up-to-date; H-year lease; rent only $200: clear-
Ing $2jO to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
G3 rooms; Market St.: rent only $300; fin*
transient house; very central; liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get in. balance time; big snap.
.44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building-; clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
35 rooms: rent only $lf)0; close in; thorough-!
ly renovated; put in flrFt-class condition; can
be run transient if desired: clears now $1S5
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $soo
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
127 rooms; rent $4 per room; new and mod-
ern building; 6 years' lease; can have 125
more rooms built adjoining; all men; always
full; clears $300 to ?4C0 per month; tine prop-
osition."
60 rooms; new; modern apartment house; 10-
ye.<ir lease; cheap rent: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
C. E. IIINKLEY. PHONE MINT 706.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
20 rooms; mechanics' lease; rent $40 $575
CO rooms: trade for ranch: clears $350.
14 rooms; rent S30; amazingly low price.. $350
34 rooms: rent *<50; Just think $1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
« rooms; rent $2<>; a pick-up $130
20 rooms; clears SSO; rent $40 $850
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $R0 $1000
16 rooms; rent $50: clears $63; terms $050
31 rooms; ?unny corner; rent $55 .$1600
60 rooms; Market Bt.; liquor license $3500
12 rooms; California st. : rent $50; snap.. $750
It) rooms; Geary St.: clears $40: rent $28. .$500
10 rooms: Bush st. ; rent $37 50: only.... $450
18 rooms; 6 unfurnished: rent $45 '..$425
35 rooms: transient; lease $1500
.8 rooms: Post St.; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk Ft.; partially furnished. iv $450
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 MARKET ST. 1026 MARKET ST.
IS rooms; rent $65; well furnished.. $675
24 rooms; rent $45; north of Market $425
28 rooms; rent $60; Howard st $1300
30 rooms: rent $60; best of furniture/. .$1800
60 rooms; rent $250 ; near Sutter $W>00
OS rooms; rent $4 50 room: new modern. $6500
115 rooms; cheap rent; elegant apart $5500
Telephone Jessie 2211.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
A DELICACY and branch bakery: one of -the
best propositions In city; established, four
years: 4 furnished living rooms; only $500
SKIRM, 6 Eddy st.. room 72.
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop:' 4 '
chairs: Al business; only S300; lo others
SKIRM, 0 Eddy St.. room '2.
A— $3250: LODGING-HOUSE of :_; rooms;
clearing $250 per month:* lease; locata.l c',o,s
■ to Markrt and Powell *t*.; all -.*unriy rooms.
lurniturc- flrst-dass; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. _BV. Kearny nt, •
A— $0M; LODOING-HOURE of 20 rooms; rent
$1C»; located close to Market and Stockton;
gw>d furniture and first-class paying. R- G.
W»LKK..2«y. Kearny _t.
$1000 — TO be sold for. the mortgage; 14 ele-
gantly furnished rooms; fine oak furniture;
new carpet r; cost $2000. £06 Ellta St.
25-HOOM lodging-house; good payer; close in;
$1050. SSU Tenth Et.. Oa-Ia.mi.
LODGIXG TIOTTSKS FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. "i,
400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3«07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free *ith every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
16-Toom upartment-house; f> blocks north of
Market St.; almost no work for landlady;
clears a little over S5O month; now J850;
was SIKO.
Would you pay $2000 down and run a transient
house fcr J5O0 monthly profit?
14 rooms near First Congregational Church;
.rent ?4.">; straight rooming-house: clears
$17 75 per montli; oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes the sale.
56-room apartment-house, nicely located on a
corner near Van Ness ave.; full of nice peo-
ple; thoroughly respectable and reliable.
CO rooms, well and favorably known; owners
will grant free access to their account books
and prove that the clear profit is ?300 month;
elevator; electric lights: modern all through.
REMEMBEIt- First, that v.e can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only (1300; second, that you
need only pay $600 down, for we will lend
you tlte balance, payable In monthly In-
stallments.
I LITTLB payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; northeast corner; 5 blocks north of
Market; price $1000; better see It before 6uy-
lng elsewhere.
Bee this Item; corner apartment-house of 150
rooms elegantly furnished; always full and
clearing ?514 monthly; inexpensively ope-
rated compared with other houses of similar
character; low rent; clears 40 per cent per
ennum on purchase price.
60-room house; perfectly appointed', very cen-
trally located; elegantly furnished last April
In the best furniture and carpets obtainable;
electricity for elevator and lights: hct water
In each room; leese for 9 years; Income J49G
over rent* all large single rooms and roomers
all business men.
Brand new house 4 blocks north of Market: 30
large, desirable rooms; lo-w rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to ??,or>, owing to management.
115 rooms, $6500; rent $330; income ?S0O per
month: lease if desired; LOOK at the rent—
remarkably low; NOTE 'the income.
NEW house, 20 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
?G0; only men roomers; prieo $1500; all ca?h.
23 rooms on Sutter Bt. ; rent $75; well fur-
nished; all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month.
Spot cash ($425) before February 27 takes a
lC-room house north of Market; new build-
Ing; rent $4.1; 10 rooms newly and elegantly
furnished; 6 rented unfurnished; 4 big bay
windows. •
$275 _>er month Income over rent: LARGE
house on Market; Drlce $3500; half czsh and
small monthly Installments; furnishings in
good order; It's O K for any one with $1750
In bank.
19 rooms: MARK what we claim; good bulli-
lngr, new Axminster and velvet carpet*, beau-
tiful birdseye maple, oak and mahogany
furniture, bought new last August; lease;
$100 per month put Into bank; nicely located;
5 blocks north of Market. st.
32 rooms, $2OO0; clears ?15O month: lease for 3
years; transient and permanent; sunny side
of street; good business for two people.
A NICELY furnished 5-room flat on principal
street; one block from Market st.; fitted com-
pletely for baths nnd massage. Call 110 Tay-
lor st.
$1000; 23 ROOMS; fine furniture and carpets:
north of Market; good income. Box 17&4. .Call.
SNAP — Lodging-house. 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk st.
54-ROOM corner house; Sixth, near Market;
house always full; must sell. Box 2110. Call.
FURNISHED house. S rooms and bath; must
sell: party leaving city. .111 Leavenworth St.
A BRANCH office of The Call fnr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lCOS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p m
LOUUIAG-JIOIISES WAXTED.
WANTED — A good lodging house, one that
will bear investigation. Add, box 12<;. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mr:S. DB MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business -medium: mining a specialty!
advice I euaranteee on ull busine-H proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful ir._j;net
will brin- reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love: readings by mall nicst
satisfactory. $_; readings daily. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 602 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER, J2J5 Turk st.; life reader, busi-
ness medium;, ruad. daily;clr.Tues.&Thur._r>c.
A MATERIALIZING ;-tance Wednesday even-
ing, 50 cents. «_S Eiiis street.
SliER, Egyptian Hindu, ccoult, reads daily;
cir. Wed.. Fri., Sun., S p. m. 10c. 510 Kills.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writ' r. 1112 Eddy Et. Phor.e Scott S87.
CliAlItVOYAMS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES*
Call'at once and save $t.
His former $5 readings this' week for
$1. $t. $1. $1. $_. *1. n. *1. *1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
You consult him.
(You to b_ full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Paling ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I i>ronr;-
i_e to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom and ■ when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried treasures and Insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a m
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 tb «.
325— O'Farrell et— 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your lire correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
■ present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life," or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and ywi will be told
bow to ovtrcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings by mail. Tel; Black 45C0.
KHE11, THE MYSTIC..
Is sojourning at 330 Polk St., city (suites 3
and 4). where he gives marvelous life read-
Ings by ancient Egyptian occult knowledge,
transmitted to chosen initiates three succes-
sive oprs from earliest antiquity: this knowl-
edge covers. In the reading*, every condition
cf human affairs, and givss for one dollar
unexcelled enlightenment regarding present
and future.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clalrvoyanP and
palmist, permanently located at. 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't *end currency: send ppstofflce,
Wellp-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. E. M. SANDERS.
Advk« given on all kinds of business;
teacher of rnpntal Fuggeetion and the new
thought. lf!09 Sutter st. Phone 256S Polk.
Eveninf s and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in the city;
palmirts, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10.000
people In San Francisco since our arrival;
they ar» satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success: names;
L.. 50c: G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. RAVENNA reads life; business advice;
! names given; 25c up. Office hours, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m., 5 4th et.; 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at resi-
dence. 835 Howard at.; Sundays at residence.
MIU3. A. H. KRONENBERG.Tpalmlst. clair-
vdyant, card reader: when others fall try me:
good reading. 10c. 721-Franklln. nr.O.G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE, crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life: special, $1 this week only. 4.C0 Geary.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rms
11-12; gives dates, . names, facts; hours 11-0.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
_0q_ Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23^4 Gth: la.25c; g.BOc
MADAM FEKN, card reader of 109 Fifth St..
removed to US Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. ■ SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tlncs dally. 448*4 Jessie sfe.. bet. 5th and Oth.
COTTAGES TO .LET. '
NEW 3-room. cottage in Faupallto: on beach;
good bathing; will lease for 1 year. CM.,
box 54, Sausalito. . , ,
4 ROOMS: S Wolfe st: rent $12; key at 4
.Wolle St.; Folsom -st. . cars.
4
EDUCATIONAL. •
NIGHif ANiTdaY SCHOOLS for^rnerT~and
working boys; Instruction from" the fifth
grade to preparation for the university: day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty instructors; private coaching; night
law school; Instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; Indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association if desired;
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to the
city directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial Influence of a great
moral institution; our work Is indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and college* in the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less, instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money,
but-"to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Practical Education for Men and Boys. H. J.
McCoy. General Secretary, San Francisco.
Address all communications to LE ROY
BURNS SMITH, Educational Director.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st".; established IS years; life scholarship,
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Iiluscio. principal; exceptional advantages:
lnrgi?!?t school of- the kind in the West; send
fnr catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count "on moving into our new and elegant
tuildinK we want 800 students; 'come and
join the grrat school of th« West: 75-pagc
catalogue. 0O1-P25 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum] an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school • of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUS-NESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, .touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1230 Market st.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
ndvlce of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College, Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing:, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc. ; day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERfNG^CUil, eiec, min., mcch.. surT
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev. ;est.lS('r4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society^danclng taught.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 828 Haight st.
ESFANOL — Metodo practlco y rrogresivo.
Rafael Serrano, .""0 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 4fl2 Geary st.
$75 TUITION of the California Business Col-
lege for sale. $.-)0. Box 2549, Call.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taufcht. 130 Post ."t., room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
I'ARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1O1.'{ Mission, nr. Sixth.
CAItlT-T 'in-ATlXG A.VD CLKA.M.VG.
A1K now universally used In cleaning carpet-
on floor, ■ without removal; price moderate.
S. F. .Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for i-PAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lrg Works. :». r i5-357 Tehama at.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tressos made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South _lft.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter st.:
tel. Main .T.)t. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170.". Harison st. tel. Mission 263.
COXKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
rt."" CnUVn Gate ave - telephone East -fl.
coj-T-SCTzosr ornc_3.
BAD tenants ejected for $»: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S6.
CTJItES -tXTPTTjaE.
WHO? — Hunter. 1200 Market St.: $100; ruptur.
cure for $10; circular explains: send for one.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1, 1002.
Mr. A. Hunter — Dear Sir: The rupture
holder I bought from you cured my rupture
> in f>0 days. I have discarded the holder, hav-
ing no more uso fnr it. I feel like a new man
i since I was cured. Yfurs truly.
R. A. KENNEDY.
Lick House.
DENTISTS.
DR. J1URPHy"5O4-5-(5 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM~h1£lTi443 Market; nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plate* are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting GOc; gas given. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-^entlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; finings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain:open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
ri»tKSS>lAIv__l-S A.\D S1_A3ISTIIKSSK««
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. HO Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
.Patterns cut to measure: eve class 1019 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GiET^o^h^lp'aT1PINl^A^ANl^^EJD?_OY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church; Dhone Poik 30.S.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st_; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at. TeL, Main 57.2.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMI'LOYMENT WA>TE---FE.-AL-,
SCANDINAVIAN cook, best of references,
■ leaving her place on eve of breaking up
housekeeping, wishes' situation in or near
San Rafael: no objection to small wash. See
J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 334 Sutter st.
POSITION as housekeeper by elderly woman;
ne.it and reliable; likes children; good plain
cook and laundress;: has references; $10 to
?15 month. Box 2118, Call office.
A FIRriT-CLASS cook wishes, situation; no
objection to large family; can furnlrti refer-
ences. Address, stating wages, box 1047, Ca.l
— office, Oakland. . -. .
LADY wants washing to do at home: flannels
and fine fabrics correctly done. Box 2133,
. Call office. ' ■.
EXPERIENCED nchool teacher and governess
• desires position: city or country; best of ref-
;; eicnces. Box 1291, Call office.
A GOOD. ■' honest . J young ' woman wishes any
.- kind of work by, the day or afternoon: can
tend store. Address MRS. c. H., 2DS1 2«th st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook wants position
In club, .ir institution or flrst-class private
family: speaks good English: best references.
"Call or address MME. D. THIEBAUD. New
■ Western Hotel. ' , ' *
BSf PLOYMBIVT' WAXTEI)— FEMALE^
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as olflce as-
sistant. Box 2674, Call office.^ '
A GOOD, willing woman wishes to go out by
the day washing or cleaning: $1 and car
fare. Apply 31 Fulton st.
LADY will do light housework in exchange
for board if allowed evenings free to study.
Address Box B, Call Brunch, :;i:<> Hayes ?t.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework ::
or 4 days a week; sleep at honn-. Address
Smith, 1331 Pine.
A -GIRL wants position to do light house-
work: no cooking; sleep heme. App'y 1058
Larkin st.
SWEDISH woman wants place for housework
and cooking. Address Swedish Woman,, Call
Branch, .'MR* Hayes st.
A COMPETENT, reliable young woman wishes
any kind of work In a good family; small
wages. Box 2134, Call office.
A NEAT young German girl wlsnes a place
for second work and waiting. 80S Shotwell.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, recently from
Marshall Field's. Chicago, wishes position
as fitter or day engagements: city reference.
Address H. L.. 302 Valencia st.
SCANDINAVIAN' girl wishes position to«do
general housework and plain cooking; wage*
$25. 379 Fifth St., between Folsom and Har-
rison.
SWEDISH woman wishes place to cook in a
boarding-house; wages $25 or $30. Please
call or address 2CC Rltch st.
GOOD, competent woman wishes situation to
do housework short distance in the country;
is a good cook. Addre.«s 227 Minna st.
WANTED — Position to do cooking and house-
work, small family; wages, $25. 12Sia Ninth
St., near Mission.
FIRST-CLASS German and English cook wants
a position in flrst-class hotel, city or country.
MlSg FLEMMING, New Western Hotel.
AMBITIOUS, bright schoolgirl wishes position
as office assistant; will accept small salary
fo.- experience. J. W., 645 Hyde St.
MIDDLE-AGED Jady wants a position as
housekeeper; no children: wages from $20 to
$25. Box 2547. Call.
EXPERIENCED lady nurse wishes situation to :
care fcr invalid by month; price reasonable.
Box 2526, Call.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po-
sition; neat; eood cook; no objection to
country. Address box 2072. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engagement*
by the day; cut and fit guaranteed. 730
Octavia st.
COMPETENT middle-aged colored woman
would like a situation as child's nurse. 2740
Greenwood et.
A GERMAN lady would like a position as gov-
erness. Phone John 2091 or address 573
Twentieth Bt.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted as child's nurse; refer-
ences. Address 134 Duncan st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch' office, cor. Duncan & Church *t».
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tf
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
EXPERIENCED structural draughtsman, col-
lege graduate, civil engineer, wants position
at bridge or general building work. Write
box 4:;i«, Call office.
___________________________________
CIVIL engineer, college graduate, 2 years' ex-
perience as surveyor, wants position at rail-
road work. Bex 4.117, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; know* his busi-
ness well; care garden and cow; has city
and country references. E. S., New Western
Hotel, room 134.
YOUNG (Jerman. speaks good English; would
like a fituation as bar tender; experienced
and has best of references, city or country.
Hox 175«, Call office.
WANTED — Good . place by mechanic; under-
stands repair work on beits, shafting 'and
machinery' of all kinds; ."4 years of age.
Box 213H. Call office.
COMPETENT painter, paperhanjter, tlnter.
sol>er and steady, wants work by the day
for private parties, hotel or institution, city
or country. Box 2137, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER ar.d typewriter, first-class
utiiee man, wants position; best reference.
Address box 4:S1S. Call office.
WANTED — By a sober, industrious German, a
steady position as watchman, city or county;
also understands firing. Box 1613. Call.
GROCERY clerk, 9 years' experience; wishes to
have work In a reliable store. Address A.
N. STELLING, Brooklyn Hotel.
GARDENER wants position: is also flrst-class
horseman, sober and reliable; best city and
. country references. Box 1203, Call office.
EXPERIENCED mechanic? wants work;
draughting or patternmaklng. Box 1202, Call.
AN- experienced buyer and manager Is open for
engagement; men's clothing, hats, furnishing
goods; thoroughly competent to take full
charge: flrst-class In every respect; knows
how stock should be handled to make money:
in or out of the city; principals only. Ad-
dress box 2522, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
draughtsman desires employment. Address
A. C. B.. S12 Bristol St.. West Berkeley.
_____________ __________ ______________
SOBER man wants place to do chores; handy
at hous»work; understands care of horses.
also garden; can milk; good, steady place
and moderate wages preferred. W. H., 1S97
Howard st.
COLORED boy. 22 years old. would like place
- In private family or to drive a wagon:
knows the city well and knows how to do
porter and janitor work. Box 1618, Call.
BARBER, first-class American young man, de-
sires position at Mountain resort season 1004;
s-teady. reliable: -state particulars, etc.; city
references. Box 2615, Call office.
BY mlddle-azed man a* clerk or buyer; as-
sist clerk In hotel: 12 years as buyer for
wholesale grocery house: good reference. Ad-
dress box 1040, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call office. Oakland.
POSITION as watchman or guard; have been
such before: can furnish good references.
Address box 4341, Call office.
COMPETENT head cook, position In restau-
rant or hotel; city or country. Address box
4312. Call. .
WANTED— By a competent gardener and
greenhouse man. private place or institution;
best of references. A. W.. box 2614, Call.
CHIROPODIST, flrst-class. wants position;
state salary. Address* Doctor 1525 Powell
St., city. :- '
THE treat modern system cutter on g^nta*
garments; 27 years of age; 14 years' experi-
ence; in country or city. 430 Natoraa si., city.
MARRIED man 1 wants situation as Janitor;
references furnished. Box 25C8. Call.
CASHIER, restaurant. Is «pen for emplcyment.
Box 2124. Call office.
JAPANESE young boy. a flrst-class cook,
wants steady place in a flrst-class family.
K. MANYO. 525'_ Pine sj.
JAPANESE wishos general housework and
help cooking; no objection to country. 2029
Mission St.; tel. White 256.
JAPANESE boV wants situation as plain
cook or laundry; very experienced: formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA. 51S Jessie st. .
A JAPANESE, good, honest boy, wants a po-
sition copkin? and housework; city or coun-
try. F. O.. 031 Sacramento st-
JAPANESE boy wants position as a plain
cook and housework. E. T.. 1543 Larkln st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. '2200 Fill more.
A BRANCH or flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOCitt
' Valencia «'.
FIXAXCIA1-
---;- 4Va PKK CENT
1_ paid on ordinary saving* accounts and 6
en term 'account* by the Phoenix
' Havings B. and L.- Association, -ltt California
>t. A. A. .Watkln*. president: Charles R.
Bishop, vice president; -. Prenttas Smith.
tres.urr: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd.
directors): Walter K. Smith, cashier.
. Subscribed capital. $S.COO.0O0; paid In capt.
tal. $1,000.000: r.»-rv, fund. $200.000. .
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and FU
; nancial Agent, 3__ Emma SpreckeU bids. ; -
yEAI^EiaREyOVATlXQ.
BY new. healthful process. Ca 1. S team father
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLORISTS.
I FLORAL pieces for all occasions; Prices rea-
sonahle. 14 Hayes st. : tel. Jessie 16.
"7'LATSJO LET.
______
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immenw Hst^
f-rwie absolutely free: take td van tap of
this department: it will save you «m*_ an^
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed in our renting department: let us give
you _. list and help you find on^.' n r> ' h . < ! rt 1 ?^:
tion you want. STERLING FURMTlRt
COMPANY. 1C_9 Market *t. ; service* abso-
lutely frre. •
NEW flats; Just completed; every possible con-
venience; close to main entrance to park;
all night car service: every room sunny:
rents from $27 .'.(> to 933; npen 1 to 4. 7t»_
Seventh ave.. near Fulton st.
I WANT to rent a flat of 5 or • rooms la
good location, on street-car line preferred:
state lov-ation and particulars. Box 257-.
Ca!l office.
SHRADER, 7.9. near. Waller — Apartment, 8
large sunny rooms: rent $13.
JACKSON. S0O1 — Corner flat: 6 rooms: bath;
marine view; sunny: $17 50:call after 2 p. m.
NEW sunny flat. 9 rooms and bath; fine loca-
tion: rent $45. 2S62 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper.fqr Tnalllng. <1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — Fl'R.iilSHED.
NKWuT furnished flat, 6 rooms and bath.
3£K>5 Seventeenth st.. cor Market: rent $45.
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms and bath; yard;
$35; central. Box 1619. Call office.
FLATS FOU SAL... KIRMSUED^
CHEAP — Reaut!fu!ly, newly furnlsh<*d flat. H
rooms; complete. Call afternoons, 1524 Web-
ster st.
FELL, 1067 — Near Park Panhandle, B rooms
and bath, elegantly furnished: $500.
Fl'H.MTl'K- FOR SALE!.
FURNITURE cf 7-room flat; «un la «very
room; everything clean and ready to live in;
will be ready 2tth: rent $-.'': location. Ho\»-
ard and __rt ets. Call 4o_; Valencia, cor. 1-th.
FlKMTl'RE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. 1*. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.: tel. Howard 2T.'rt
HELP ",'AATED FEMAi-E.
COOK, small eanitarlJm $35
3 cooks, American families $30, $.'15
4 German style cooks ....$30, $35
2 housework girls, city *:<>
Housework. 3 In family. Sausalito $'-»>
5 second girls, city $-0, $_."»
Kitchen helper, private family $-5
• Tiambermaid and waiting, country .hotel, $_<>
Cook, small hotel, country J-7
Chambermaid and waitress, for springs.. .$_.">
Infant nurse $-*> to $■•<*
f>{ housegirls, city and country ••$>-f. $-•>. $"'*
Apply J. F. CT:O?r.TT & CO.. C'U Sutter st.
A^CHAMBERMAID ar.d waitress, first-class
resort, open year round. $30, faro here. Ap-
ply to-day J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33-4 Sutter.
A — GENERAL housework sirl. country. 2 in
family, little- washing. $*<>; see lady. city.
Apply to J. F. CltOSETT <- CO.. 3__ Sutter.
ENGLISH nursegirl to 'go south; $C0. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. o.'A Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, city, $."50; cook, German, $G»>;
middle-aged woman, housework. $_O; nurse
girl. $20; partner, man or woman, e-tablishod
business: small amount of money required.
S. J. BEAN, 17 Fourth St.. phone Bush 107.
A — WANTED — Girl* to learn hairdre-Stng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading acbooi __
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn milliP-ry now for spring «ea-
son; both seasons taught from start to flntsii
in 1 month for $13; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening: class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hainlres-tng
trade, manicuring, m_3sage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest 'wages; day and eve. class; call.
A COMPETENT cook wanted: must under-
stand some German rooking; references re-
quired. CaU 1240 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Experienced makers for millinery.
Apply 2344 Mission st.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. 6_2 Clay
street, room 1SA.
MACHINE girl and hand sewers on vests. 61154
st.
TAILORESS who understands operating and
buttonhole making on custom coat*. 1123
Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housewori. 41i
Ashbury st.
TALENTED amateur performers. ApplT as
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
HELP WASTED ____■_■-•
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 1S5.
FOR NEVADA.
NEW GOVERNMENT DITCH WORK.
Teamsters 25c h«ur
Laborers ......I............... _ftc hour
Rockmen 27i_c hour
Tunnel muckers 27' ; c hour
Tunnel drillers 31V.C hour
FARE REFUNDED (S hours' work.)
Marker and distributer, hotel laundry, coun-
try. $40 and found, free fare.
Second cook, $><5; fry cook, $63. cafe, north,
Second cock, $80; relief cook, $70, cltr.
Oysterrr.an. city. $45.
Nurse, institution, country $35
2 R. R. camp cooks.
Hard pan blaster, country 13 (Jay
Young German for nursery $5'»
Pantryman. Institution, country. -$25 four.d
Vejretabte gardener, near city $30 found
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A WANT to rent. 5O teams for R. R. work In
California; scraper work; 3 months' wor£
guaranteed. For particulars apply C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 420 Bush st.
TIMBER feller, $•:."> and board: Janitor, $40 and
room: farme^. $25 to $30 and found: milker.
$27 50 and $55 and found: restaurant cooks.
$16 and $18 week: second butler. $40 and
found: ccok. email hotel. $35 to $40 and
found- kitchen man for institution. $.» and
found, nnd other*. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied un-.
married men. between ages of 21 and l?>:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak. r*-a.i
ar-d write English. For Information apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building. N>t*
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or IOCS Sec-
ond St.. £acrarr*nto.
IZ L I*
Men t.- learn the tarber trade In two mont>«
icii gecur- good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER «yst«__
College. u::5 C!a> St.
TRT our men's shoes, union made, at $1 nndl
SI 50 per pair, foot-form «hoea at $2 50 »
orthopedic shoes.$3 50; best shoes on earth 11
Third st- Exam, bids.. 5 doors from Market.
A NEAT, agreeable young Protestant girl
wanted to assist with child over 2 years and
other light housework where other help is
kept; sleep at home; wages $S per month.
Call 241 Castro st.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
BASS drummer to Join military band. 3_S
Bush St.. third-floor, room 4.
' PORTER wanted for barber shop. 204 Bat-
tery »t.
BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and. Sun-
day. 5<£5 Washinston st.
WANTED — Chair caners, mole or female, at
li'.:»4 Mission et.
GOOD shoemaker for repairing. 2361_ East
St.. near Folsom.
FOR sale — Fine 2-chair barber shop cheaa at
107% Fifth st. i
BARBER shop to rent to a good barber; com-
• plete fixtures. 33i> Main st.
BARBERS— Small country shoo for sale. Ao-
ply DECKELMAN BROS 1 OP. Ellis -t,
BARBERS — Three-chair shop for sale; goo»l
. location. Inquire _O_. Fifth st.
BARBER rhop for sate; $25. Natoma »_. near
Fourth. —PROVINCE Or A NEWSPAPER LII1C TH_ CALL o«o
-■-^^^T_£b_:' 1 __: R :_!T_lti " *• * *
.Mln|. AV * ready. "~'-i:4-<w"c?a~sT
i'V.cne Mail
liS l t|P«if :R> P l< »-C« nnd Labor Agents.
5W_r«_
. ," , COLO MLVE.
" ' **"* **nn •5oul;T<? „_„<! mi3<M"*-f SS2 I»O
H. „. MISCELLANEOUS.
""d -!lij,.'i'?. rk ,; r ? t . t .^ ««™*T- ¥t 50 day; mar-
\'Z",~" tj! - l 'r» 1> " :lt ' !l Mr**.'*. W0 j_id rouSf!
y^-inrr crrfiener. city, S25 an.l fenad: li)
.'. IT "'■.' ■'/; »nk«r. faro pai.l, north. $*>
;- -4 t. ■.:•!..: 3 PertssiXM ranker*, jatrr .'.airy.
••••j.*™;"««rai:?«auT>— ter. factory, city. *3
"•**'5IWnr»ii«i Xarmr-r^, ctiorvmcn dal •
Clote t n Prescott. S V & P P P.oute
a-rt m .V I: *' r rsMnmi work. Good wag..-*!
•"?•* Arixons. %'J 10
*.T«:iv— Hrtctrt sr"citors for "' Wer Ticfsvecn
:a cr,:; Japaii." »>>• ilurat finlucad; best
: l"f jc.ik; . r.o.-mots d__ad;Ml prcftts-
-rrl«;:t : enMt gt-.t-n; outfit ?r r. The
_ l>ctainion Cce pacr. Uept. U.. Chkugo.
BAi;U£R£. lake notice— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
rnoved tc » Cit> Ha!l kj.. or Km* MarU-t nt.
JrurnoTi'n Barberr' Union. Local i48. JOS.
R. BLK3LT. Se^rcTiry.
BWANTnU- -Experienced solicitors, men and
vome:i. handle merchandise ccntrarts: good
<onj{y»:i«:at;cr:: easy proportion to plare- ln-
v<-st;-aTe. Rcral Mercantile Co. suite la
< o:»m:b:ar. hide, or _g Itruadway. Oakland.
MEN jnj wemen wanted to learn the barber
trade in *. •netkr for *1.1. under <-oir.|*tcr.t
Teacher. T\>»tcm ColJ»re of Harbors tit'
fommmral m.. San Trancisco.
FTKBT-CLASS two-chair barber shop. « miles
from cr.y: good business; for eale cr ex-
change lor city chop.* L. DE RITIS. 33S
G r£»-n ft., cit v
■V»"ANTEI>— laborers and mechanics "to know
that Kii Rnlirln. Reno House proprietor has
added iim» new moms to Use Denver House.
-1. Third Ft. ; £50 roomf; 25c to 5oc per night!
.TRY our r>en's shoes, union made, at $1 and
. fl yj rair; fect-fcrm shoes at f2 !><; we pay
express cr mail charges. II 3d St.. Exara. bid.
•COMPETENT »ioc.fcke*per: ghf ase. o>:;x>rlence
r,ni Ff.!ary expected. Answer in handwriting
V-x l?'^-.. call ofsoe.
X3« VOXTSa m~n. IS years of ase. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK 473
> alencia Et.. bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
TENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 E'.lis St.: 14
years' practice; rvferenc^s from thousands ot
persons for xvhem I have secured pension*.
BARBER shop in hotel: S chairs: must sell th'.s
»e. k. 1 Franklin st., corner Market.
WANTED — Ar-pr-ectH-e boy over 14 year* to
learn painting trade. 41S 1 i post rt'
BLACKSMITH?, carpenter*. grMn hands and-
for whaling. Dtnf» place, 28 Sttuart.
_AN tc do 'anitor work fcr tuition in S. F
barter School. 741 Howard st.
SAILOI1S and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S i>lace, 26 Steuart St.
TENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
dp. Han Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.ll.
"n NCHEST^R Hotel. 44 Third ft., near \LzT-
ket— TOO rooms; 35c night: reading-rooms;
'ne 'bus and laggage to and from ferry.
A BRANtni office of The Call for the reception
cf Edvrrtifernents and subscriptions has been
r>T,<d at 1<*>S Market Et.. opposite Firth.
' O.-icji until 11 p. m.
ADVERTTFEMKKTB. subscriptions received at
<~r!1 nrwnch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
-■-I-L sizes men's ehexs. slijrhtly •Izmmrel. half
price. C*S? Misrinn st..' bet. lrt and 2d sts.
OET your thoes ha2f-s-jl»d while waiting; 25c
to r.(>c .-.<£ Mirylon et.. t>et lrt and 2d sts.
UORSKS AXD WAGOVS.-
Al'CTION sale of hordes ever;- Wednesday »t
II a. in.. ;227 K!x:h s-t.. every horse must be
at ; cr>r<-j*nted or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
TOR *al«? — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, t-ound cr.d penile; l'-s*ated trap; sil-
vtr mounted harn<?s. Call at. car barn. Em-
eryville, o
M l:< 13x_SS burgles. S email i»n«o_c3 rob-
bf-r Ur_ jark buggies and 6 surreys for
salt- cbt-ap. 1504 Folsom rt.
At'CnOS every Tuesday. II a. m.. of~horse*.
«•««''» "M-i r>«rr.«»gs. at 1I4O Folsom «.
V. ANTED- -A good younp hcr*e for OeUvety
'% wrqgcn. . Box • guO. Call.
A I EXVRESS wagon, Jigbt camjrfng •wapn*/
and so-rart for tale cheap. 532 Mission »tf
Lar^-ft astrortTiit 2-1-hand wacons. buckbd, far-
rey.harnrns.v ..rk.drivinehori-es. 15th- Valencia
A WEEK'S news for 5 certs — The Weekly Call.
14 rsfrff. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOISTS TO LET.
A — PRINTED Xi»-t of hous*-e to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UUBSBS &. CO.. 20 Montgomery
MeA— I— STKB, 12CT«— 12 room*, bath and bil-
Ilard-room: $U»; water free: modern.
BEFORE moving <ret our printed lift of houses
to let. BALI»\VIN A- IIOWELL. 25 Post st.
BOUSE* FIRMS11 _» — FUR »_!,_.
*65t.», MUST eel! to-day: parties goTntTTwayT
6-roorned bouee; new lurnfture. 1009 Sut-
ter st.
LKAVnNVORTH. *:>>. nr. Butter— 14 rooms.
l<t f:;rnl.-he<j. >sr>fi rayh: a bargain.
INVESTMENTS.
| BONUS, STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. t*-J7 Market St.
iost axd rocyp.
_OST— l:iack cocker F^anSe! dog; thick wavy
Scoat; $10 reward :tr return on or before
F<1). 27; co <;uei<tlons arked; panic* holding
a:t*r above «2ate will be prosecuted. Ihl7
Va,l>J l > st. ; x>hon« Geary <VS".«.
LO?T— At Alcas—r matinee F*-b. 22 or on Sut-
ter. fcutro, California and Hyde st. cars or
on Eighth ave. or in chanslng cars. '«>ar pin
set with rhinestonee. Re- aro J. returned to
• .rrs'iier. Call office.
LOfcT nr stolen— From 105 Berry Et.. a brown
tjaniel Ang,* white forepaw, with license
c-iiiar. Tiense return and receive reward. H.
V. A. STAHR. 105 I>m st,
XX'ST-->'«ck3te r.f spoons- and forks on th«
• Pcik-«t. car. bet. 1 .".0 and 12 p. m. Return
iwrae to 7CSA Guerrero 't.; reward.
LCST^Fc x terrier. "Baby. C. V. Miller. Ic84
Hush" on collar; belongs to invalid child.
LOT — Drovftt >at-tail tuaniel; reward. F.
V.'ALVnUT. n J3 Kan Uruno ave.. near i'Jd.
*,<?{■:" — l<race>t eet with diamonds; $10 reward.
&i5 California ct.
U.zlT — Memorandum bock. Return to William
£i:J!!'an. 15 Sixth «t. ; $5 reward.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pa£e«. in wrapper, fcr mailing. SI per year.
MEDICAL.
I..- ..:..- Jesirins eafe. *ure and quick relief
from irrtrutarities consult me s;t once; my
sne-rhods are always *afe. painless and rell-
• able I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
nfirWunt leer: 17 years" experience in all
lcn_le oiscrders: r«Ji ,,r write without delay;
•«ivlc* free: correspondence confidential.
DR. WJJITK. 7<-'2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
UBS. I ■ ft . Vi*yi;TH. F;«.fiatist for all frtnale
gmni'-iaints ;-.n4 Irregularities: instant relief
Si:arant-Pd: 3"» years' experience. fc28 Post et.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable si>rialis<t for all fe-
rtile troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief cvarantM«d J 10CM4_M^rJt£t_jit ;; _^iro : _£th.
DR G. \V. O'DONNELL— All who are Kick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
ornpjeint*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market rt.
Dr». Gocdwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van New- Expert j
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment *:0: hour*. 10 to 5: 25 years exper.
CATARHH. IJKAFNKSS and NOISES In EARS
• r-oritHely cured: new rnethcrf: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 gutter rt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
speclaMst; a private home before and during
«-onflrerr;er.t: t>ert medical care: low fees.
DK. and MRS. eJaVIEJ? and HINDOO HERBS:
cnrinal method of treatment- Il2« Market st
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladies: con- '
•ult him free. SOS Kearny st.: teL Main 451.
UH. ROSEN resides 230.". Folsom rt.. corner \
UCth: ladies, relief or no fee; *1O.
IA\. NG TOY KEE. 313 Powell rt.. opposite
T*nfon iwjuxre: ell dlroase* rured bv herb*.
MIXES AND MIMXC _
lfX> shares of pold rtork of the Norton Bay •
Co.. »„; wilt be wnrth $200 by August, ltW4. i
GKUMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
UOIL.ERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. "ildNl
TCSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
j DOCS TODS P.OOK LEAK?
T.epalr !t «:th claterite; In rolls ea*y to lay;
nreds no ra-.ntln.-; or coating: good over old
!rcr.. tin »,r *hingles; best for new roofs
LL.\TE*:iTr: ROOFING CO.. 71.1 Market st.
2D-I1AND machinery, boilers. et.pme« pumps,
pulleys, charting, etc.. etc.. bougn:. '.old.
< rented and exchanged ; 6 ee Sunday paper*.
; H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. l.'.0-l.J2 Beale st.
1 ! A— FINE ultf. $7 50; c'tess pants. J2 50. Orig-
• ; inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
| Pear Buyh: open to I) p. m.. Sunday to noon.
' ■ A — BUYS, sells or rtr.ts gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
*tc. TVHITKLAW. C^J-255 Spear st.
FOR «alc— Piano, music box, organ, buggy
turners anti hay cutter. 422 Orange si..
Oakland.
SHOWCASE; glass front: running Tt iwers
I and doors: 2S feet: price J.V). BACIGALU-
, t'l'S PENNY. ARCADE. 840 Market st.
ALTHIiATION sale— ncsl $2 SO hats. $1 60
Popular Price Hatter. :K0 Kearny St.. near
Plr.e; or-»n to ;» ;> m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
fect-fcrin shoes at $2 50; we pay expr-«s
charges. II 3d ft.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3^4c ROLL and up; fine wall paper: saniplM
niailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IQAN. 1302 Webyter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TV.O thcroucht.red Holfteln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
FOR sale, plumbers' & carpenters' tools: grind-
ing stcne: floor trucks & tracks. J153 Howard.
FV>R sale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three
H fe?t. one 5 feet and one C feet. 20fi East st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
j band. I. FREEMAN. 1^2» Market St.
DESKS boueht. sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 4C7.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all eizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. K. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Clitragoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 833 Market.
DESKS ani safes; see the complete line at 1S1«
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFE-s — New and second-hand. THE He1r>
MANN SAFE CO.. 207 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_* CO.. 122 Market et.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
n'akes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg*y.
WANTS.
WANTED— Pair of ferret*, or will engage
cervices of party owning same, to be used
In ridJing building cf rats. Box 175.1, Call.
LARGE second-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. S40 Market St.
1 PAY highest prices fcTall kinds of cast-oS
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
H49 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. 154 »th St.; tel. Jessie 2&51.
AIOXEY TO LOA.V
AAA— HFRMAN MURPHY.
001-WC-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlement-; no Ui:raM>Gintrnent.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate?, second mortgages, undivided inter-
efts, assignments of reuts. projxTty in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Ycu Ne«d Vcney
See HERMAN M .'RPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d cr 3d
Mcrtpatre. on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particu!ars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
PCX 40S. Call Offlr-f.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
falr«h.t rates: strictly confidential. National
*-r»<lit C~.. C8 Donohoe Mdg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants-, teamsters. boardin«t-hous*s. without
security: eas=y paym*nt»: large business in
*<*• principal citlfs. Toiman. r>5.1 Parrott b'dg.
HIGHLY re«p«crab!e private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
|*r cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4C Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. J» Third.
| A— 1 r>;r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $25 up: quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACORSON & CO.. financial broker*. Emma
Spreckels bldp.. rm. IJ21 : loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to lean en low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
•t V*. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10. Grant ave..
LOANS FROM Jl TO $10. COO.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security? on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rates on Dianos and
furniture; private: no commission; payments
accepfd. 6 Eddy st.. r. 111.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy sU
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Saving* Bank building. 70S Market ft.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 3U. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned Ralarfed people en notes without
IndoriK-r. MORELL. C09 Examiner building.
3IOM3Y WANTED. £
WANTED — Party with capital to invst in
manufacturing food business: big profits;
business increaing 60 rapidly that more capi-
tal required. A. R. Cculson Co.. Petaluma.
$17.V> — ON Al San Francisco property at G per
cent; no agents. Address Money, box 1047,
Call office. Oakland.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickering: walnut case; nearly new.
Steinway: about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest., largest size;
nearly new.
Eteicway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling: mahecany case; largest size.
Standard: oak case; srcod as new.
Haines Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
case; nearly new.
Eteck ; largest sire.
Eteck: medium size; mahogany caae; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: good condition. ;
Bteck grand piano; good as new.
Eteinway srand piano; In good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber. Stelnway,
lialn'f Kranlch & Bach and others, from
$10 up." BENJ. CURTAZ Sc SON.
Chlokerlng Axent*.
Curtaz bulMlnc. 16 O Farrell tt.
OPEN SATURDAY^ EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE tale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
Fror.clsoo; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month: all mcr.ey paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co.. 2XV237 Geary Bt. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY piano house in the city that, will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purcbane
price; sole agents for McPhail. Schiller and
'ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. t60 Ha yet.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. HORNUNG, 216 McAI-
llrter Et.
A FEW unredeemed-storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be eold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage. I63C Market at.
CHEAP square and. upright pianos; new and
second-hand crgans; very easy payments.
403 Market st., cecend floor.
NEW pianos ' sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good aa
new; $133. 237 Geary rt. '
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Bteinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe* 8,283 O'FarrelL
EOHMEK, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 306-813 Post st.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1904. ■-.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 G*ftry »t.. opp. City of Paris. k
PERSONALS.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
• contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a tine suit on installments cheaper than
others <!o for oath.
LEON LEMOS, Merchant Tailor, 1127 Mar-
ket ft., Iiet. Seventh and Eighth.
THE Star Hair Itemed)' restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or etickinesi;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..l&is Polk
GRADUATES ot New York School of Massa^i
OEtecpaUiy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine tor rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and ccld water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 40ti Geary.
CANCEROUS lumps, sores, impure blocd (af-
fecting skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily
cured by skilled i-pecialist Irom Europe. Ap-
ply Ceniral Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Woist
cured.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, ehowt
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
i:',l:t Waller: consultation free: call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemirhes removed : shampooing specialty.
MME. ROCMK. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQCOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
9V7 Market st.. room 203.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
• Tal 'or- 72 * Market st.
I DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
j day evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard St.. near
( Bth; Prof. Foster; society/danclng taught.
JACK FORD. Birmingham. England, wanted
by NEWTON. C03 # Washington at.
J. W. SPARROW, jeweler, formerly of 107
Gear)- St.. has moved to 219- Post st.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3324 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3G9 Sut-
ter. r. C09. Miss Eaton, 23.'{ Geary, room M.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. F.ooms 14 & 10, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drnmm 4i.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market.
T A I LO R-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50?
Misflt Clothlr.g Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFRKDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Cell for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r. m. ■
rAL_;s'rii.x-.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 139 POST ST.
MME. NEERGAKD. lucated at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific pslmlst. 'MS
Taylor st. near Genry. Phone Black 561.
PAPKR—AXJGIXG. I'AINTI.\G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting,
Hartmann Paint Co.. .310 Third: tel.Maln 4U
PHYSICIANS AND SL'RGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — OfUce and residence,
lu21ta Marktt st.. bet. Uth and 7th: particu.
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073VJ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases cf the human body; tor
pact four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at Gti7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the. famous herb doctor — All dis-
ease, rured bv Chinese herbs. 74*5-S Clay *t.
SPECIAL XOTIC—S.
$50 REWARD for the body of Philip Simon-
etti. fisherman, drowned near Sausallto.
ONETO BROS. 410 Bay st- city. - '"
BBWIXG MACHIXKS AXD SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall clo*>e at half price or less at
once." White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
pl?- at 300 Post st.. from 8 to 8 a. m..
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — Th» machine for family use;
beet Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1121 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3, $5, $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market st.
a WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. r.r. Third; phone Urant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.: teL Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East U'6.'
GCLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
>Ii»(;lon St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Klllmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main 184>. Shipping at cut rates.
AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $25; other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
A FEW gocd typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf U i II. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery »t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Web«ter Typewriter Tnspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEXD XOTICE8.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Dj Society, Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 7CS Market »t.. opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December
1&03. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per arnum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*.
ire* of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON:
ARU Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Ltglithouse Inspector. 404 Saf«
Deposit building, San Francisco Cal until
12 o'clock m.. March 4. 1904. and then open-
. ed. for furnishing and delivering fuel and
provisions for vessels and stations in th«
Twelfth Lighthouse District during the fiscal
year ending June 30. 1905. in accordance
'■ with specifications, copies of which, with
blank proposals .and other .information may
be had upon application to Commander J
B. MILTON, U,. S. N., Inspector.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Jan. 25. iooj _
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
25, li>04, and then opened for construction of
a brick hospital (Including plumbing, gas
piping and hrating) at Fort McDowell. Cal.
Government reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS.
IN tnV Superior Court of Uie cit> and county
of San - Francisco. State of California Pro-
bate — In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased No
TOO74, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will, C. C. P.. Ee c 1303—
Notice is hereby given that MONDAY the
29th day of February, A. D. l£»04, at 10
v'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
cf Department No. 10 of said court, at the
City Hall, In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, have beer
appointed as the time, and place for provinir'
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYU
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing the
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon
(Seal) JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. 8. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15. A. D. 1904.
Indorsed : Filed February 15 1904.
JOHN J. OREIF. Clerk. '
By E.' 8. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP, WHEELER
k HOEFLER. Attorneys for Petitioners.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
. 200 BAY DISTRICT. LOTS. £ ; ~-~-~~~~~-
• 2U0 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$l"»0 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
» $150 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
j I Two weeks ago we were instructed to sell 200
» I lota. Since th?t time we have sold over 100 lots
i on Second. ThU"d and Fourth aves., etc., be-
tween A, B and C sts., at very low prices.
$1000 to $1250.
$1000 to $1250.
- on above very easy payments. In so many
f lots there is always a big advantage in secur-
ing first choice. See them at once. This prop-
erty Is all level, streets are graded, sewered
; and macadamized. Geary st. and McAllister st.
cars pass the property. No lots will be sold
■ for stores or any objectionable improvements.
! This Is your opportunity to secure a residence
' lot at very low prices. In 'the next year or '
1 two hundrrds of thousands of dollar* will be
rpent in buildings; bound to Improve the value
of all these lots. Don't sleep; wake up to
■ your opportunity; see the property, see us, buy
one or more lots and make some money. Re-
! member, the lots are close to Golden Gale
Park.
LYON & HOAG,
(Agents on Ground Sundays with Diagrams
1 and Prices.)
' • 110 Montgomery et.
. . 43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
« EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
33:4x120.
■ 33:4x120.
$1630 to $1850.
$1650 to $1850.
Thjs Is the first announcement of the subdi-
vision of a portion of the well known Jordan
Tract.
Go and 6ee this block at once and secure
your choice. It is near ttte corner of First ave.
and California st. and can be easily reached by
taking either the Eddy-st. cars or the Sacra-
mentc-st. cars and get off at First ave.
Easy terms — one-flfth cash.
Kasy terms — one-flfth cash.
Balance in 1. 2, 3 and 4 years — one-flfth each
year.
The block is exceptionally handsome and Is
level. The streets are graded, macadamized
and fewered. and everything ready fcr the
builder. A new feature has been inaugurated
in the sale of this property in the enforcement
of the following restrictions, which are made
for the protection of all and which, we have
no doubt, will add much to the value of the
land and be appreciated by all real home seek-
ers.
No lot will be sold for any but residence
properties, including' not more than two flats.
No stores, churches, ctables. coal yards or
any objectionable buildings. The manner of
enforcing these restrictions will be- explained
fully at our office.
The Idea Is to make it possible for you to buy
a lot .and build a home without being ruined
or damaged by neighboring buildings. Thou-
sands of people in this city who have built de-
sirable homes have had them ruined by three-
story flats, stores, coal yards, etc. Owing to
the restrictions and the large lots, this block
will be built up into select residence property
and will become very valuable.
It will pay you to buy a large lot instead of
a 25-foot lot. as you can save the price of the
extra land In the cost of your building, and be-
sides this secure an abundance of light and
sun and build a more artistic home.
Our agent will be on th» block Sunday with
diagram, cr you may call at our office for
more complete information. But take our ad-
vice and see the property at once.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery St.
TO raise money quickly will sell 4 lots on
Nevada ave.'; ?l*n each: 2 blocks of car line
D. COFFIN. 3*13 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest prices for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yards.
FOR sale — 08 0-12x137:6 on Pacific St., under
least: $85 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S.1H Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The W»-»kly Call.
10 pages, in >rrapper.' for mailing. II per year!
KKAL ESTATE — -Conntry Kor Sale.
w&j.tnv_nr_!
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$30.000— Klamat!» Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake: .'iOOO acres; cut
about .'5500 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good S-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; 10 hor*.«-s; ;{ good barns, etc.
$10,000 — In Sonoma Co.: SOU acres well fenced
In S fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 2\K> acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle: 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gage; trade for bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co.. on R. P.. — 1CS0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 gcod
barns; farming implements; E0 head cattle: 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$S5CK> — Soi'J by order of Superior Court. 1CS0
acres, neer Point Arena. 200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted; £«H) acres heavy timber; well ini-
prored and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon: 3V0
acres; 2 eets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
So500 — Only 2 miles of town, 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; CO azres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches: large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plcmtnti!: only $100o down.
$2500 — 1W) acres near boat and cars. Sonoma
Co.; good (J-rcom house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
Job can be had with the place.
$3000— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acres; V40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-f ence-j ; 150 hens; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools: 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings: furniture.
$4500 — Two and half miles live town and
R. R. : 4C0 acres; 40 In grain on creek, about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full b?ar-
ing orchard:, balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc. : fine place for resort or sanitarium:
not far from city.
$.">000 — 3 milts of Santa Cruz. 47 acres; 18
under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 3C5
a?sort«;d fruit trees; 15 >0 graphs; windmill and
tank: water piped to buildings and yards:
fpiendiii S-room hard. finUhed houye, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
rows; 7 dO7.en hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property nround bay.
! $2C50— ICO acres, 8 miles of Napa City, 2
mil-s P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
05 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky: house, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
$:;fu«> — i(i0 ceres, at station and near Santa
Cruz. 35 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuilding*-: mortgage t20»*0; trade equity.
$3500— Near San Jose, 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation;, build-
Ings.
.«:l2. r >O— 2« acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma: house. 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
(750 — Gold mine, .with shaft and One body
of ore in sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1200—20 acres, n^ar Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; 0 acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream: buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy terras.
$2250— Best equipped poultry farm .. In the.
State: 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstcga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tools: all go.
$1000 — Near Sebastopol: 16 acres; orchard,
berries: pasture: fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
$1SOO— 240 acres. 5 miles of Soledad. 5 acres
bearing orchard. .10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acr^s bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water piped . to buildings and pasture;
'equity $MH); to exchange.
80 acres; 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapes,
berries, .buildings; one mile town: tools; $WX>.
Send stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
6227 A Merced River, Merced Co., Cal.: ap-
praised by court at $71,000; assessed by
County Assessor at $40,000; offered for. $50,-
000- Yt year's time. C per cent; 900 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa land: 4327 A. roll- •
ing — grazing and grain land: Merced River
passes through land: 900 A. can be irrigated —
water free^ — no royalties: Improvements good;
rchoot 1 mile: church and town 3 miles; on
C'.rect road to Yosemite; must be sold to close
<ftsue; a bargain: the profits from these lands •
made the former owner. JOHN L. IVELL,
who was murdered In 1S00. rich; fine rains;
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W.-.KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
[10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. \
$200 profit per annum per acre. •
Write for booklet. It's free.- (J03 j «t ■!
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal. ]
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
■■■ vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata- !
logues »ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «4S '
Market st. ' ;.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
POINT RICHMOND i REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts: '
maps, photoe, etc BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
■ .P-j?. AXi E:sTA ,' rE ~" citT y~~ i '' oit sai<i °-'
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanside Lots";
on official grade: unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms;
► see them to-day; get oft cars cor. 47th ave.
i and H street.
?73 to ?250 — Near Park and ocean; ?5 monthly.
Oceanside Branch Office, cor. 40th ave. and
K st.; open Sundays and holidays.
• ?500 to $1000 — Choicest Sunset lots for build-
ing; graded and sewered; $10 monthly. |
, $250 to $S5O — Superb Richmond lots, opposite '
new "Spreckels Lake": matchless Tlew; 1
i don't miss this opportunity; Installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H it.
$150 to $500— Level ExceUlor Homestead lots;
$5. monthly.
$120O to - $3300 — Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond.' Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead districts; easy terms.
SOL. GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle building.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NT3
BKRKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or-exchangc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A DESIRABLE place for a home at your own
terms. See the owner, P. J. KELLER, of
Hose ave. 37th and Mtth sts.. Piedmont ave.;
office 464 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLA.VD FURNISHED HOUSES..
HOUSE^ — Superb location; new, modern; cheap;
partly furnished; for sale or rent. 410 Wals-
worth ave.
OAKLAND STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent; $25- large store; 5 nice living rooms
upstairs; gbod locality for dining-room or
market at Adeline station. VICTOR &
CLARK. 068 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schcllhaas.llth st..cor.store.OakIand.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE your wife to see the tract right at the
nation; big lots. 50x125. for $400; 100 sold in
short time; $10 monthly payments. LYON &
HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEPI.NG.^
BIRCH ave.. CIS — $8; a flat of 3 good rooms;
unfurnished. Apply 042 Grove »t.
DE NORMANDY, U03 Post — Nicely furn. rms..
$2 week up; also hskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
ELLIS. 611—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms; gas range, bath and phone.
FOLSOM, 75M — Sunny double and housekeep-
ing rooms. •
FOLSOM, 776 Vi — 2 neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 830 — Furnished room, with stove, for
housekeeping: $7 per month; also single.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privilege*;
running water; gas: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4-'5O — Furnished room for
housekeeping; gas and water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay-window
suite 2 rooms; also large single room; gas
range, bath and laundry.
HYDE. 1 4fw; — Sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: use of phone.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Plne^
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; eteam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
MODEL HOUSE, 120C Stockton St.— Newly
furnished front housekeeping rooms; $5 to
$12; gas.ybath. •
PEARL. .1. corner Market — 3 furni?he<! house-
keeping rooms. $17; - fur. rooms. $11; phone.
POWELL, 1005. Tho Virginia— Elegant fur-
nished bay-window apartments, with gas
range, electric elevator, baths; also single.
SPRUCE, 301—3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use of bath, etc.; fine neigh-
hood; $15; call after 2 p. m.
SUTTER, 1022 H. near Hyde — Two large, sun-
ny parlors and kitchen: gas grate, etc.
TAYLOR. 011— Sunny single housekeeping
room: p-i«5 rai.ee; $6 50.
VAN NESS. 100S— Large sunny furnished
rooms: housekeeping privileges If desired:
good board In Immediate vicinity.
CLASSIFIED advertisement? and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Val»n<*lr» «t.
APABTMEWTjaOTTSES.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla, cor. Hayes^Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.: also doctors* offices.
ST. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevatnr. gas ranges; t-'.O to $55.
St. Andre. 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmts;strictly first-class; steam heat;electrio
llghts;prlv. ;phone;elev. :1 to 5 rms., with prtv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IROQUOIS Apartments. 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
. worth; 2, 3 and 4 rms.; open for Inspection.
HADDON HALL.
. ».M EDDY ST. REFERENCES..^*;
ROOMS TO LET— Porn, nml Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom «ts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A SUITE of three large front rpoms and
bath suitable fo»" two young men or couple.
Unusually fire location. Address box 4J20,
Call office. ■ .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to $1 p«r night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT ""I he Almonte." 873 Market Bt. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1, $150 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALL newly furnished beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house, 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The). <51S Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny.slngle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
watei. steam heat, electric lights, phone
erery room: elevator: breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;, prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. '239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
EIGHTH, 10V4— Sunny. furnished bedroom and
kitchen adjoining.
_____ -_—_————— —————— ______
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished suite; also single
rooms; bath and phone. -
ELLIS, 837 — Nicely furnished room; private
family. *» ■
FERN HALL. S12 Bush — Elegantly furn. romt;
all sunny; terms reasonable:, references.
FOR single gentleman. In private .lome (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
' park entrance and 3 blocks from' panhandle.
Address Box,2>at. Call office. ■'
GRAND - Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $8 wk. ; reading-room.
HARRISON." 830Vi— Newly furnished , cozy
room for working man or girl; $3 month.
HOTEL ST. PAUL.. 463 Ellis St.— New house
and new : furniture;, steam heat; hot wcter;
free baths: hout=e open and elevator rervice
all nlght;'tran«lent.-M.E. GRANT, former-
ly ot the V«ndome. 1104 Market «t.
JESSIE, 363^— Furnished front room; $7 per
month N . ■ ' ' • j . •
MISSION," 837A— Furnished rooms by th« day,
week or month; prices reasonable.
. ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Infnm.
O'FARRELL. 776. near Larktn — Furnished and
unfurnished sunny rooms; housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 1424— Bright unfurnished room
; for lady.
: ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
- reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8: month. $9 to $.10: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
I STOCKTON. 41 and 45-rNlcely furnished
! sunny suiter: also single rooms; *'J to *s wk
j SUTTER. OS — Clean, comfortable rooms, with
hot and cold water; bath; terms reasonable. ,
TURK. 735— Front and back parlorTsultable
tor 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping; $1S.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water tn ev»ry
room; eleTator.rcad.-room: fre? bus; bagga se.
VAX NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office cr club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
'Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; *l?vator;
clec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In
every" room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a
wefft; open all nlght:-convenlent to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
' Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st3.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
, or advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened at IOCS Market *t., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn. '
.^ROOMS AX P_JiI O *?^E!:
"^ " ■
I 977 Pine,, near Taylor; elegantly furnls-hed
ftulte*; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
____________
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EAB.LCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL; JUST OPENING- EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCK.
HOWARD, 841 A — First-class board, with room,
single cr double. $4 50 and $5 week; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
THE AUDUBON. cor. Hyde and California-
Pleasant rooms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
Golden Gate ave., 1224 — Nicely furnished room
with board; modern conveniences; gentleman.
O'FARRELL, 1420 — Large sunny room for two
with first-class board; bath: phone.
Stevenson mansion, *07 California — Fine- rooms;
new chefs: colored service; table specialty.
STUTTERIAO ,AXD STAMSIEIIIXG.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness- Market— Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inqjire. into wonderful cures; home cur*
MARRTACJE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Calvin M. Smith, 33. 1220 Pine street, and
Kathleen Jones, 23, Jefferson. Or.
Frank R. Thomas. 21. Mill Valley, and An-
nie L. Benson. 18. 125 Capp street.
- Otis A. Sarcent. 31, Fresno, and Nora H.
Bailey. 21. Fresno.
Charles E. Snedaker, 55. 130 Ellis street,
and Jennie Moore, 37. 130 Ellis street.
Leonard Dreyfus, 25, 1312 Hayes street, and
Josephine M. Laws, 21, 173T> Green street.
John L. Malone, 27, Mocksville, N. C, and
Sophl« M. Irving, 33. St. Louis, Mo.
J. Henry Wood, 30. 1045 Market street, and
Minnie May Hoff. 32, Sutter.
James W. Keyston Jr., 21, 10.SO Fulton st..
and Effle M. de Winton. 18. 1141 Dolores.
John M. Neumes, 26. Presido, and Elsie
Diederlng. 22, 207 Kearny st.
Frank Kawalkowski, 4S, 3O Richland ave-
nue, and Helen Dlttner. 3J. Blossburg. Pa.
Gordon Hall. 21, University Club, and Alice
C. Jackson. 21, city.
Donald R. Dunbar. 20, 914 Geary street, and
Jeanette M. Froideraux. 16. 905 Larkin.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indtvsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOI$N\
BROWN— February 23. 1904. to the wife of
Arthur A. Brown. Walnut Grove. Cal.. a
son. '/ ;-'
CABLE— In this city, February 22. 1904, to
the wife of Charles Cable, a daughter.
HICKS— In this city. February 22, 1904, to
tho wife of H. T. Hicks, a son.
MARRIED.
COVERT— HEIMBACH— In this city. Febru-
ary IS, 1»»4. by the Rev. U. A. Bernthal.
Frank Covert and Ruby Heimbach, both of
?,?_£ Francisco.
DIKJlKS— SAMMANN— In this city, February
2<V 1JHM. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Henry
Dierks and Anna D. Sammann, both of San
Francisco.
FEYOCK— DESCASPER-rln this city. Febru-
ary 20. 19C4, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Louts Feyock and Rose Descasper.
JENKINS— STOUT— In this city. February IS,
1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles H.
Jenkins Jr. and Emma Stout.
LEDERER— HERMANN— In this city, Febru-
ary 20. 1904, at Mlzpah Presbyterian Church,
by the Rev. Frederick A, Doane. Frederick
Lederer and Dorathea Hermann, both of
Woodland. Yolo County. Cal.
SCHINKEL— EVERS^-In this city, February
2C, 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Otto
Schinkel and Anna Evers.
VON SKOTNICKI— HEETH— In this city.
February 23, 19C4. by the Rev. J. Fuende-
ling, Otto von Skotnlckl and Anna C. Heetn.
_____
Carrere] Catherine O'Connell. Michael
Davis, Celia »• O'Connor. Michael '
Dratz, Frederick C. Qualters. Nellie
Evans, Henry Sass, Gertrude C.
Fletcfier, Charlotte Scovern, Eliza J.
Hughe*. Marguerite Seipei, Conrad
Johnson, Charles Shea, Mother M. A.
Kimble, Anna B. Sesnon, Catharine-
Kramer, Louis - Slevers. Johan K. H.
Kroger. Louise Spratllng William
Lamar, John H. Stern. Rika
Logan. Daniel D. Wall, Bridget
McNeill. Maggie Waterhonse. Henry
McSweeney. Kate Welch. Catharine
Meyers. George L. Wilson. Clara B.
Mitchell, Peter S._^
CARRERE— In this city, February 21. 1904.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of John B.
Carrere, and loving mother of John li. Car-
rere Jr. loving daughter of Bridget and the
late Patrick Rlordan, slater of Patrick Rior-
dan, and aunt of William Riordan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 5 montha
and 10 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence. 611 L street, between Seventh and
Eighth avenues. South San Francisco, thence
to All Hallows - Church; where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS — In this city, February 23. 1904. Celia.
beloved wife of John Davis, and beloved
mother of Francis B. Davis, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 48 year*. v '* '.
DRATZ— In this city. February 23. 19(4. Fred-
erick Carl, dearly beloved son of Frederick
and Katherlne Dratz. and loving brother of
. Amelia. Lizzie and Herman Drats. a native
of San Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months and
3 days.
We mlsn thee from our home, dear brother —
I we miss thea from thy place.
A shadow o'er our life is cast — we miss the
sunshine of thy face.
We mis» thy kind and willing hand— thy
fond and earnest care.
O-r home Is dark without thee — we misj
thee everywhere.
C-TRemaina at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, n«ar Twenty-first.
EVANS— In thU city. February 22. 1904
.Henry, beloved son of Stephen and the late
Ellen Evans, brother of Mrs. Mary Becker.
HENRY J; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
-. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Bomb SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now it 805 MISSION. Tel. South 1B7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth sb
Ftr.eot Equipments at Moderate Rates.
- James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES MCGINN & CO..
- Formerly With McGinn Bros..
: — — Funeral Directors -and Embalmer»—
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South B76.
nephew ot Miss Mary A. Kelly, and uncl>
of Teresa Becker, a native or St. John. Nei
Brunswick, aged -."• years and 10 months.
FLETCHER— In this city, February 22. 1^4
Charlotte, beloved wire of the late Htnr:
Fletcher, ropther of Mrs. Thomas Wilson iir.t
Mrs. Oscar ' II. Hiekel. and grandmother o
Mrs. Walter Reed. Miss Ilattie Wilson am
Mra. William Townley. a native of Bath
England.
C. ./"frit n.is and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj
t Wednesday), at lo:Ut» o'clock, from her late
residence. Jit South Park, between Secom
and Third streets. Interment private. Cy
press Lawn Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. February 22. 1904
Marguerite E.. dearly beloved daughter o,
Patrick nnd Catherine Hughes, and sister o
Harry. .Thomas and Julia Hughes, a n.itn ■
of San Francisco, aged 1 month and 1
days.
CTFriemis and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-das
(Wednesday), at- 12 o'clock. fTcm the resi-
dence of the parents. :K!4 Thirtieth street
between Church and Sanchez. Intermen:
Holy Cross Cemetery-
JOHXSON — In Stockton. Cal.. February 21
lt)C4. Charles Johnson, a native of Finland
agfri SO years.
C7Fr!end« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mono*
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from l'nion-swjuar*
Hall. 421 Post street, under the auspice)
of the United Finn Brotherhood. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car fron
Eighteenth and Guerrero »treets. Remain. 1
at the parlors o* Craig. Cochran A Co.. 4iS
Golden Gat? avenue.
KIMBLE— February 20 1904. Anna Barbara
Kimble. beloved wife of Charles W. Kimble.
a native of Carthage. Ohio, aged 4.; years
10 months and 20 days. (Cincinnati anJ
Hamilton. Ohio, papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. February 24. at 1 :3l> o'clock,
at Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
corner Sixteenth and Market utretts. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the chapel ot
Charles H. J. Truman & Co. l!JOy Missim
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
KRAMER— In this city. February 21. 1DC4,
Lcuis Kramer, beloved husband of Sophia
Kramer (nee Yehl>. father of M*uric» S.
Kramer, and uncle of Mrs. 1. L. Salomon,
Mrs. L. Sanders and Morris and Charles L.
Scheuer of San Bernardino,^ a native oi
Nlcderweiael, Germany, aged '5'J years and
1 month.
(Cy r Friend3 and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Laurel Lodge No. 4. K. of P.. and
Columbia Lodge No. 127. I. O. B. B.. are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral on
Wedneeday. at in o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1SWJ Ellis st. Interment Home ot
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m» train from
Third and Tcwnsend ttreetsi
KROGER— In this city. February 23, 1304.
Louise, beloved" wife nf Edward Kroger, and
.mother of Mrs. Charles HeTOld. a native ot
Germany, aged »'.«» years and 5 month*.
LAMAR— In the City and County Hospital,
February 23a 19C4. John II. Lamar. a native
of Kentucky, aged 5:» years.
LOGAN— In this city. February 22. 1004. Dan-
iel D. Logan, a native of Nova Scutla, aged
O years.
McNEILL— In this city. February Zl, 1904.
Maggie McNeill. wife of Captain C. McNeill
Jr., and sister of Mary Nlestarth of Stork-
ten and Mrs. Arthur Bate* of Pacific Grove.
C7 Funeral private.
McSWEENEY— Entered Into rest. February r_\
19C4, Kate, beloved wife of Dennis McSwee-
ney and loving mother of Mrs. William Lin-
dop. Mrs. Julia Wright and Nelllo and Wil-
liam R. McSweeney, a native of Ireland,
aged tS vears.
MEYERS — In this city. February 23, MMM,
George L. Meyers, beloved huaband of Mar-
tha Meyers, and father of John Meyers, Mi.-.
Lizzie Rivers and Mrs. J. F. Kuck. a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 7 montha an-J
10 days.
MITCHELL— In this city. February 23, 10«i4,
Peter S. Mitchell, beloved son of Mrs. Ellen
Lewis, loving father of Peter S. Mitchell,
and beloved brother of Nellie. Joseph F. and
John T. Mitchell and the late Mrs. Mary
Grevea, a native of San Francisco, aged XJ
years and 3 months.
IC^Friends and aciuainta/ices are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at &:3O o'clock, from his late
residence. 3oi> Rrannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
man will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL — In this city. February 23. IW'4,
Michael, beloved husband of Ellen O'Con-
nell, and beloved son of Johanna and the
late Patrick O'Connell, and brother of ths
late Patrick O'Connell. a native of the city
of Cork, Ireland, acrd 5<J yrars.
O'CONNOR— In the City and County Hospital.
February 23, l'JC4. Michael O'Connor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 63 years. ' ■-.• ■».
QUALTERS — In this city, February 21. 1904.
Nellie, dearly beloved wife of John Wualters.
motber-of Nellie, May. John and Willie
Qualtew and beloved sister of John, Henry.
Patrlclt and Joseph IIes»lun. Mrs. W. F.
Ma-T.-r and Mrs. J. Hart, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respert-
fnlly invited to attend tly» funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at U::!O o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eightn.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SASS — In this city. February 22. Gertrude C
Sass, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Claus Sass. and sister of Arthur, Mar-
tha. Bertha and Emil Sass, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3 years lrt months and 27 day*
C7"Friends are respectfully invited td at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of the) parents.
1534 Kentucky street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
8COVERN — In this city. February 23. 19O4.
Eliza J.. beloved mother of Stanley G. anJ
Harry G. Scovern, a native of Wareham,
Plymouth County. Mass., aged 63 years 3
months and 17 days.
ICTThe funeral will tak» place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 24!(J Sacramento street. Interment
Cypresw Lawn Cemetery.
SEIPEL — In this city, February 21. 1904.
Conrad dearly beloved husband of Kather-
lnft Selpel and devoted father of Mrs. Gus
Hahn and' Annie. Charles. Louiae. Mary and
Katie Selpel. a native of Munster. Hessen-
Darmstadt. Germany, aged e9 years 4
months arid 10 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day February 24. at 1 o'clock, from his lat«
residence. 507 Laguna street, tetween Hay««
and Felfl Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeraj car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
SHEA — At the Presentation Convent, lonorai,
Cal.. February 22. l'J<>4, Mother M. Angel*
Shea, aged 79 years.
C7Requiem mass at St. Francis Church,
Sonoma. Tuesday. Interment Wednesday
morning. St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
SESNON — At her residence In Alameda. Feb-
ruary 23. 19O4. Catharine Sesnon. mother of
William T.. John J.. George H.. Father Rob-
ert Sesnrn and Mary S. Austin, a native ot
Ireland, aged 70 years 0 months and 8 days.
C^TFuneral services will be hetd at St. Jo-
seph's Church, Alameda. Thur!«day morning
at 10 o'clock. Take narrow-gauge train to
Chestnut-street' station. Interment private.
SIEVERS — In this city, February 22. l'JOl.
Johan K» H., beloved son of Frledrlch and
Dorothea K. Hanson, and brother of Julius
and Christian Sievcrs. a native of Kiel. Hol-
stein Germany, aged 41 years 2 months and
IS days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
full> invited to attend the funeral to-monow
(Thursday), at 10:3t» o'clock, from th« parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SPRATLING— In this city, February 22. 1904.
William Spratling. beloved son of Mrs. Jauo
Roache. and father of Eggbert Spratllng, a
native of Sandwich. Kent. England, aged 36
ytars S months and 22 days.
C7Friend9. acquaintances *nd members of
Spartan Lodge No. 3rt. A. O. U. W., and
Elevator Operators' Union are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday. February 25. at 3 o'clock, at the
chapel of Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
at the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman He.
Co.. 190t» Mission tstreet. between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth.
STERN— In this city. February 23. 1904. Rr~a
Stern, beloved wife of Philip Stern, ana
mother of Mrs. Isaac Frohman. Mrs. H. S.
Nathan. Mrs. H. Falk and Moses Stern, and
sister of V/s. A. Mayfleld and Mrs. D. Ad-
Icr. a native of Bavaria, aged 63 years 11
months and 23 day*.
CTThe funeral service* win be held on
Thursday. February 25. at 10 o'clock, at her
late .e/idrnce. 1«1» Lacuna street. Inter-
ment Hon-e of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Pleaee omit Cowers.
WALL — An anniversary requiem high mass for
the repose of the »oul of the late 'M'ss
Uridgret Wall will b« held Wednesday morn-
ing. February 2*. at 9 o'clock, at St. Fat-
rick's Church. Mission street, between Tli!rd
and Fonrth.
WATERHOUSE — In Honolulu. February 20.
11H;4, Henry Waterhouse, aged 59 years.
WELCH— In this city. February 21. 1904.
Catharine Welch, a native of Ireland, ageu
40 years.
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ta-day
(Wednesday), at S;:;o o'clock, from the par-
lors of Craig. Cochran £ Co.. 429 GoFden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, where mass will be celebrated lor
the 'repose of her soul, commencing at S
o'clock. Interment Holy Cros* Cemetery.
WILSON— In this city. February 23. 19OI.
Clara B., widow of the - late Judge T. K.
Wilson, and mother of Clayton B.. Carrie W.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From P»«c Thirteen.
and Edrar M. WUaoa. and •later of Mrs.
A. r. Adam* a natlv* of Maine. &*» An-
r»>s papers please copy.)
C7Fr>r,c« and acqualntanoea ar« Invited
to attend the funeral aerrloes Thursday,
February 25, at 2:30 o'clock, at Hotel Repe-
Jier. 781 Sutter street. Interment private.
CARD OF THANKS.
*W> desire to express our heartfelt rratl-
tud« for the extreme sympathy accorded us
in our late bereavement in the death of our
beloved cuebaxid <md father. Axel L. Sax-
lorph. ELEONORA SAXTORPH,
MATHILDA SMITH.
QUARREL OVER CHILD
SETTLED OUT OP COURT
Mr. and Mrs. Wisdom Agrc« That
Th< ir Little Girl Shall Remain In
Alameda Convent.
Judge Kerrigao was called upon yes
terday to decide who was the proper
person to have the care and custody
of- little Roberta Emma Wisdom, the
child of Ida E. and W. M. Wisdom.
The mother wants the little one and
the father, who has had her in his
care for the last nine months, would
Jike to have her also. He refused to
give her up and he was haled before
Judge Kerrigan on a writ of habeas
corpus.
The little girl was with him when
he entered the court. He also had a
large box of candy and to this the lit
tle one clung with almost as great a
display of affection as she gave to her
'ather. When her mother appeared
5he ran to her, remained a few min
utes and then returned to her father —
and the candy. Judge Kerrigan con
tinued the case until late in the after
noon, and when the couple and the
little one returned an order was made
directing that until the further order
of the court the child should remain
in a convent in Alameda and that the
parents were to have every oppor
tunity to visit her. The order was
made at the request of Wisdom and
his wife.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23
Michael and Mary a. Butler to Samuel
?piro. lot on W line ef Scott street. 151 N of
• Page. N 24:9 by \V 106:3 irecorded February
20. UXM): *1O.
Johanna Marks to Charles E. Parks, lot on
N'B corner of OFarrell and Gouph streets, E
27:6 by N 120; llo.
Rosalie Rosenberg to Ellen A. Mooney fwife
of John), lot on B line of Geary street, 192:6
E of Octavia. E 27:6 by S 137:6; $m.
William Hollls to Jatnu H. Owen, rerecord
f-tt T>. 105. lot on M line cf Gearv street. 192:6
TV of Buchanan. W 27:0 by K 137:6; grant.
D^Witt B., Florence B. and John K. Wil
llsms to Isabelle F. Williams, same; |10.
Isabelle F. Williams to Louise M. Henry
(wife of Josfph W.). same; JU».
Jope^h Upir.aa to Lis^tte I'pman. lot on N
line of rarl Ftreet, 179 E of Co e, E 25 by N
137:6; gift.
Taciflc Imnrovement Company to Anita
Karrlnpton iwife of G«-orge H.). lot on W line
«f Clayton Ftrwt. 75 S of Frederick, S 25 by
w too; no.
Georg» H. Harrington to Anita Harrington,
uric; £lft.
Tirr-Mhy E. and Emira. L. Sullivan to Henry
P. Heagarty. let on E line of Stanyan street,
W N cf n*u!jih, N 26 by E 106:3; J1O.
Cath«-r!n-> Murray to William Meredith, lot
«n 8W line of Brady street. 64 PE of Steven
con. f=E 2T. by S\V .'.0:6; $10.
Frar.k X. H"!k"iip u. Mary J. Mulllns. lot
on W line of Sanchez e:reet. 22fl:6 S «"f Twen
ty-eighth. S 25 by W 105; $10.
J. J. Rauer to L. W. Haliingstrorth. lot on
P Una Of Puncan street, 240 E of Noe, E 25
by B IK; $::«».
John H. Munster to Mota C. C. Munster.
lot on E line of Montgomery street, 70 8 of
Grwn. FE C7:6, E 137:6. N .',7:6. W 60:10, N
77:1: tl.'t.
Euph^m'a Erur* to Julia Guarino. lot on E
line of Mason ■treet, 92 N of Lombard. N 45:6
by E 70; $10.
Mary Corcoran <Kel]«>y) to John Lingenfel
der. lot on N' Hn«> of Pacific street. 40 E of
Hydf. E 17:«> by N 80; $10.
Ga^tano and Amelia A«sa!ino to Giovanni B.
Osvairlia. let i>n N Ursn. cf Greenwich street,
183:4 IV of Taylor. W 22:11 by S 337:6; $10.
James E. and Clarissa L. Ocrmanjo Peter
1 >*ju5 Coir.r<any <<*<-rr>oratlon), ] o t on UriV line
of Minna «tr*><-t, 2fO NE of Sixth. XE 25 bv
N\V S"; flrt.
Valentino, and Olive H. Schmidt to same. !ot
on NW line of Minna f-tr'et. 175 NE of Sixth,
UK 2. r . ty NW W»:j?!<t.
Isabella Lacchinr <Gadiana) fwife of August
or Aurustui to Frank Q. and Lucy Fisher, lot
on W lir.f of Vermont ftreet. 1U)>:4 N of Hum
boldt. N 2.'. by W lOrt; $io.
City and County of Franris-o to Clay
F!o<-umb. lot on N Sirx? of Twrnty-third Ftr«-t.
25 K of Rhode Island. FT 2.% by N 109: also lot
on X linf of Tn-my-thlrd stre.t. 7.'. K of
Rhode Inland. E 25 by N lOo; *1fo lot on NW
< orripr of Twrntj -third and De Ham Ftr^Pts.
W 9 ! y N ]m. aiso W on E line of Khodo
Island. 4<"«> N of Twenty-third, N S3 by E
2P<i: f
Frank n. and pnj.hie Grannis to Mary H.
Smyth, lot on W line of Third arena* 250 S
of l^ake Fireet, S 25 liv \V 120. J10.
Thrche .!. Elren to Maurice and Isaar Mark*
• j»-rf-oord 2OP.7 I). 1M>, lot fn S line cf Califor
nia Ftr*^i. 32 :« E ..f Twelfth avenue, E 25 bv
E 100; $W. ■ ...
F.rnando and Julia A. Nelson to Mathilde
r.rA Antde <". Karatar. lot on E line of Bec
■ n I avnut-. ISO N of B street. N 25 by E 120;
Daniel Meyer to Clara M. Crirhton iwife of
J-jhn L.), lot on E line of Eighth avenue, 2VJ
T* of C street. N ♦'<• by E 12<»: $10.
Albert E. Mum to !>>ontlne Blum, lot on.SE
<orn*r of Thirty-fourth avenue and C rtreet. S
(.'»• by K 12<». «nd property <-.ut of county; $K».
• Mary S. Austin to J- hn McLaren. Iot'on W
line of Fortieth avf-r.ue. I'J5 S" of H street S
25 by \V 24<»; $u».
All*rt Meyer to George V. Smith, lot on W '
lint- of Tw«-nty-fii>t avrnue. 2.V> N of I street
N lit by W I2ii; ?]<».
Winifred and John Pheehy to Patrick P.
Quinn. lot on N lin^ of J «tr«<>t, 95 W of Ninth
avenue. W 25 by N ftiO; fio.
M. J. Kinney to Virginia Blackburn, lot on
N corner ..f T»enty-fifth avenue and B street
NW I«0 by ?<«>. Work 4CJ. Tin* I^nds- $10
nrnilam Hunt t« Emma I). I^awrence. com
mencing on Falcon pttwt at dividing line l>»
t»een lots 7 and !'. theiuo W to lands (-old by '
Bohi to J,.hn«-.r. K *». E t<» Falcon S to l*-
i^rtk-n of lot 7. bloik 17. Market
etr«'» Homrptead; $1m.
Berr.hard and Ilose Gotz to Benjamin F
•<r<u.h. lot on K corner of Madrid .■.-tfet snd
Pertia avenue. NT: 25 |,y NW 75. block 2S. Ex
celsior Home-Mead; (10.
Continental Uulidinp ar.d I^.an Afsociation
Charles O. and Ho^e E. Ruhr to Geonte
and Mary J. Stufar. lot on N line of Wilder
t tr< K, 1 - tfl K o1 W*»«4. K 25 bv n i,;, lot
$10 Fairmount Extension Homestead;
JoE. r h. Harriet B.. Jacob and Bertha G
.4.1 find 246. Hcyman Tract; J10
William and C. T. Nicho! to Cephas Turner,
lot 1. M.Kk .0. hk i«. r plat Minion nrret wid
-tHwr Mne portion lot .«. bteck 27, Fairmount
Homestead. qu:tclnlm deM $f, "'
Nichola* «nd Henry Ohlandt and John A
?f""n ,T A1 '" n i ?' r £««. «« «"> NB corner i
f Henry and t.ambier Ftreet?. E 120 bv V
ICO lot B, btock 144. University Extension- »i«
Kol,ert end Nellie Benson to William' ai]1 i
Mi "°fV jn - lot 17> bIook v - ra rk Lane Tract.
William R F nd Annie Eaton to John Me
Laren. Jct«= 2. .":. 4. IS »T>d l». Work 4 .^
d;vjr.lon 1 of Clarendon Heights; $lo
Frank Lord to Mary Lindderg. lot on S
line of Twemy-third Mrret. 125 W of Hoffman
Tra^il.? '" ty S Ui - l0t ~ 8 ' " c >^»
Lillian Otchell to Oscar Heyman. lots 25 to
58. Mrx-k T: »leo lot* IK to 2<». block Q M'«
tion Ftrect Land Company; $10
A , ! , l ?*T t C- ■ ukea t0 Cornelius Brie*on jot
<i) W line of Girard r\re+t. 1N» N o f Wav'lanri
N B0 bjr W 12-McU 15 and 10. btek 11? uS?.' I
vereity Mound; flO.
Orrnellus Bricaon to John R»tto. same- $io
c » F* A , and V ercRic * Miller to John E.
Builders' Coutracts.
Benjamin WUe downer) with Henry Sey
mour <con tractor), architects Rousseau & Son
-All work for a one-nory frame cottage on
6 lice of Golden Gate avenue. 200 E of Lvcn
rtrm. E 25 by S 137:6, Western Addition "saT
5 : 42j.
Henry Kahn 'owner) Tilth A. T Pnenee
(contractor), architects Cunninirhajn & Politeo
—Brick, carpenter and mill work irlazine and
piaFterinr for alterations and additions to a
four-etory brick building: on NE corner of Van
Nfss and Golden Gate avenues N l"o hv r*
|6»: fl540. I-, * **
Ferdinand OuiUar.i fowner) with William
H. Baere (contractor), plans by owner— All
v-ork for a three-story and batement frame
L-uitClnr 'three flats) on E line of Woodward
K V ro"*tttCIO N ° f Fourleenth 6Ue « t ' N 2* by
LONGSHOREMEN
OUT ON STRIKE
Three Hundred Lumber Hand
lers Quit .Work to Enforce
Demands Against the. Clerks
SEVEN FIRMS AFFECTED
Renewal of Trouble Between
Tallymen's Union No. 225
and Building Trades Council
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Feb. 23.
The Longshoremen's Union was
called out on strike to-day to enforce
the demands of the union relating to
the work to be done by the Lumber
Clerks' Union (tallymen). The long
shoremen claim that the tallymen* have
been doing work which properly 'be
longs to the members of the Longshore
men's Union, and they demand that the
tallymen sign an agreement limiting
their work to taljying and that they
affiliate with the International Long-
Ehoremen's Association of America,
The Lumber Clerks' Union, which is
affiliated with the Building Traded
Council, has refused to accede to the
demands of the longshoremen and in
consequence the latter were ordered
out on strike this morning to compel
the employers to force their men into
the longshoremen's organization. Busi
ness Agent- X. T. Nelson saya that the
union of which he is the representative
is in the right and that its members
are prepared to stay out until the Lum-
ber Clerks' Union is brought to terms.
Seven of the local lumber yards are
affected by the strike. They are the
E. B. and A. L. Stone Lumber Com
pany, the Bay Shore Lumber Company,
the Humboldt Lumber Company, the
Taylor Lumber Company, the Derby
Lumber Company, the Puget Sound
Lumber Company and the Pacific Coast
Lumber Company. T'r • strike involves
nearly three hundred lumber handlers.
PERSISTENT THIEVES
WORRY LAW OFFICERS
Alameda Police Kept Busy by Gang
of Housebreakers That Continues
Active Operations.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 23.— Burglars and
ihieves continue active here, despite
the efforts of the police to prevent their
illegal work, and reports of robberies
and housebreaking are of daily and
nightly record. During the last four
days no less than ten houses have been
entered and various articles stolen,
principally rings, watches, jewelry and
silverware. In most of these thefts
the work has been done while the mem
bers of the hcmsehold were absent. En
trance has generally been obtained
through the breaking of windows and
glass door panels, and it is the theory
of the police that the burglaries were
committed by members of an organ
ized gang of crooks.
Included in the list of places that
have been visited by thieves are the
residences of Mrs. R. B. Branch, 1713
Santa Clara avenue; Mrs. Gus Koch,
1315 San Antonio avenue; Peter Mar
tinoni, 1019 Railroad avenue; J. A.
Meyer, 1536 Verdi street; L. W. Spear,
1306 Sherman street; A. M. Lusk, 1617
Clinton avenue. In addition to the
house robberies there has been a night
hold-up within the last four days, in
which Miss Kate Cronin was attacked
and knocked down by an assailant,
who attempted to snatch her purse.
Causes Son-ln-Law's Arrest.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23. — Robert E.
Stubbs, a law student. 22 years of age.
residing at 1564 Xinth avenue, -fras
arrested to-night on a charge of hkv
ins: failed to provide for his child.
J. H. Shephard. an attorney of East
Oakland, who is Stubbs' father-in-law,
swore to the complaint. The arrest,
according to Stubbs, is the result of
domestic troubles. His wife, former
ly Miss Minnie Shephard, and himself
have separated and divorce proceed
ings will shortly be commenced.
Stubbs claims that -his mother has
been taking care of the child for six
months. , , "
Fugitive'* Family Sent Home.
OAKLAND. Feb. 23.— Mrs. W. C.
Wheaton, wife of W. C. Wheaton, a
fugitive from New York, arrested in
this city on a charge of embezzlement,
started for the East this morning^ with
her children. The police secured
transportation for the wife and babies,
who were destitute after the father's
arrest. He will be taken back in cus
tody of a detective from New York.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Feb '23.— The State
convention of the Soelalikt party has named a
full State ticket, headed by J. E. Nash of
Minneapolis, lor Governor.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Pioneer Woman Dies in Xapa.
NAPA. Feb. 23.— Maria G., wife of
Samuel Strong* died Monday morning
at the residence of her daughter, Mrs.
D. A. Dunlap, after a brief illness.
Deceased was 81 years of age. She
was born in New Hampshire and
came to California around Cape Horn
in 1852 with two of her brothers, set
tled in San Francisco, where she mar
ried, and went to Humboldt County to
reside. In 1887 she and her hus
band came to Napa and have resided
continuously in this county ever since
at their ranch, near Yountville.
Well Known Comedian Dies.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Alfred
Klein, a comedian, prominently known
on the stage for many years, is dead
In a sanitarium at Amityville. I* 1.,
where he had been ill for more than
a year. He first suffered from nervous
prostration and recently his ' mind
failed. He was born in England forty
years ago. His most popular work
was in "Wang" and "El Capltan."
Pioneer Woman Dies.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 23.— Mrs. Cather
ine Sesnon, for thirty-five years a res
ident of this city, passed away this
morning at her home, 1 Pacific avenue.
She was a widow, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years, and the mother of Will
liam. John T., George H.. Rev. Father
Robert Sesnon and Mrs. Mary S. Aus
tin. Her funeral will take place
Thursday morning; from St Joseph's
Church.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24, 1904.
SAILORS IN GRIP OF FEVER AND AGUE
ARE UNABLE TO HANDLE THE VESSEL
British Ship Celtic Queen From Acapulco' for Wallaroo Sighted a
Month Ago Within 400 Miles of Destination With All Hands
Sick — Captain Refuses Help — Arrival Not Yet Reported
Not a little anxiety is felt for the
safety of the British ship Celtic Queen,
which left Acapulco November 12 for
Wallaroo and was last heard of Janu
ary 18 within 400 miles of her destina
tion with all hands suffering from fever
and ague. She was spoken on that date
by the steamer Lady Mildred fifty miles
east of Cape Otway. The windjammer
was under easy sail, and Captain Wil
liams of the Celtic Queen reported that
all hands were suffering from fever and
ague contracted in the Central Ameri
can port and for the time being were
unable to handle the sails or otherwise
assist in the navigation of the vessel.
The Lady Mildred's offer of assistance
was refused, but Captain Williams
asked that his plight be reported. It is
now more than a month since the Celtic
Queen was spoken, and no word has
been received of her arrival at Wal
laroo.
Sailor Discovers Leak.
The Norwegian bark Rokeby Hall, which
put In here February 2 in distress, is ready
to resume her voyaging. Since her arrival
marine surveyors and ship carpenters have
searched in vain to locate the serious leak
which let In enough water to keep the pumps
constantly busy, it was decided to drydock
the vessel for a further examination and this
would have been don? had not one of the
crew discovered that the calking had fallen
out of one of Ihe lumber ports and left open
quite a chink lor the inpouring of the green
salt sea. ThU was the leak and a handful
of oakum <lrivcn tightly home has put the
leaking Rokeby Hall into seaworthy condition
again.
Diver Finds One Blade Gone.
A diver made an examination yesterday of
the steamship Sierra's propeller and found
that one blade had been snapped off close to
the hub. So far as could be seen this Is the
lull extent cf the damage sustained by the
liner in her encounter with whatever sub
marine obstacle tshe struck on Sunday night.
The Sierra was taken to Hunters Point yes
terday afternoon and this morning, with the
hull clear of water., a careful survey will
l>e made, a rew propeller put on and what
ever else may be fou^d amiss will be repaired.
It is thought that clinging to hull or wheel
may be found seme clew as to the nature of
the obstacle that crossed the liner's path.
Whether log. derelict or whale, however, the
damage done to the steamer seems to have
been slight.
tVill Be a Total Loss.
The last report received from the ship Henry
B. Hyde, which went ashore February 11 at
Dam Neck, ten miles south of Cape Henry,
was -that the vessel was burying herself In
the sand and appeared to be a hopeless wreck.
The passing of the Henry B. Hyde removes
another familiar sailing vessel from the fl>et
having a home port at San Francisco. The
Hyde was built in 1884 at Bath, Me., and
had all the grace of hull and spar for which
the American built ship has long been fa
mous. She was owned by the California
Shipping Company, of which W. B. Mlghells
is president. This company carries Its own
insurance and no vessels are ' maintained In
Letter condition than those flying either the
private flag of W. B. Mighells or the bunting
Kign of the California Shipping Company.
AVhen wrecked the Henry B. Hyde was on
her way from New York to Baltimore to
load coal for this port.
Will Tow to Antwerp.
Ths British yhlp Matterhorn. which left here
September 1« for Antwerp and reached Dover
a few days ago, damaged through having col
lided with the steamship Lake Michigan, has
been surveyed and will be towed to her des
tination. Although extensive the damage was
all above the water line.
Dinner on the Astral.
A dinner was given on board the Standard
Oil Company's ship Aatral last Saturday in
honcr of that vessel's being the first ship to
dock at the new San Pablo wharf built and
controlled by the Rockefeller interests. Cap
tain Dunham of the Astral presided and those
present Included the following named: Wil
liam Sproule. W. S. Miller, Captain Meyer,
R. S. Pennlman, D. O. Scofield, C. E. Wordcn
R. J. Wood. H. C. Breeden. A. D. Schlndler
and W. S. Rheem. The Astral will sail ror
Honolulu on Thursday. - j * ; ;
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
lor reinsurance yesterday aa follows: Theodor,
40 p*r cent; Robert Rickmers, 20 per cent; W
F. Babcock, 12 per cent, and General Mel
linet, 10 per' cent.
Loses "Anchor and Chain.
The British ship Carnarvon Bay, bound
from South Shields for Port Los Angeles, put
into Plymouth yesterday on account of having
lost an anchor and chain. ' '
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners nnd
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner* Muriel and' Robert R. Hind
are chartered for lumber from Puget Sound to
San Francisco at $1. with option of'iouthem
ports at |5.
The schooners John G. North and Kallua are
chartered <or the same business from Puget
Bound to this port at $4.
The Alamcda's Cargo.
The steamer Alameda sailed on Saturday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandlss cargo.
AMERICAN SHIP HENRY B.
HYDE, WHICH IS REPORT
ED TO BE A TOTAL LOSS.
valued at $113,806, and including the follow
ing:
100 bbls flour. 130,700 lbs rice. 42.R40 lbs
malt, 0756 lba middlings, 36 ctls corn. 120 ctls
oats. 141 cals whisky, 130O ffls liquor. 1 cask
beer. .'. bbls glucose,. .T755 gals 3 cs wine, 28
cs mineral water. 2.t00 lbs salt, 396 pkfcs frro
eerles and provisions. 3313 lbs dried fruit, 1230
lbs raisins. 1S5 cs canned Roods, 1019 pkgs po
tatoes. 14!) pkgs onions. 1644 pkgs fresh fruits.
126 pkes fresh vegetables. 15,904 lbs ham and
bacon, 2104 Iks 5 cs dressed poultry. J96S lbs
hops, 3CW2 lbs beans, lot pkgs paste, 343 gals
vinegar, ,S!)02 lbs 47 ca mrals. 12.102 lbs 3 cs
bread. 94 pktrs table preparations, 21.530 lbs
codfish. 4703 lbs dried n?h. 10T.2 lbs 19 cs
candy. 3076 Iba nuts, ."><) cs olive oil, 23 cs eKgs.
MJ42 lbs 13 os cheese. S0tt7 lbs lard, 14.353 lbs 1
os butter. 32.723 lbs susar, 27,044 lbs fresh
meat. mi54 lbs frerh fish. 75 bbls 33 cs salmon.
1<X1 pkgs ilrues and sundries, 30 es boots and
shoPF. '200 pksrs dry goods. S. r > cs ,hats and cap?,
Cf> pkgs painta and oils, 14,722 lbs soda. 21 cyls
ammonia, is pkgs plumbing material, 15 pkgs
sewing machines and parts, 15 pkgs electrical
supplies. ":: pkgs candles. It bales paper bags,
2t: - J pkgs paper. 13 colls rope. 23 cs matches. 16
bdls wire, ij baleR baR«=. 10 pkgs cement, 5
pkgs machinery. 33 bxs soap, 33 pkgs leather,
«!7 cs, arms and ammunition. 13.S99 lbs 29 cs
manufactured tobacco. (5 pkjrs bicycles and
parts'. 30 pkgs millwork, 11 bdls 15 bars steel,
11 bdls 156 bars iron. 12 pkrs nails.
Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday. February 23.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefscn, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
, Stmr Pomo, Ahlin, 15 hours from Albion.
Stmr Spokane, .N'opander, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr G. C. LIndhauer, Allen, 6 days from
Portland, via Astoria 4 days.
Stmr' Maggie, Corning, 4 hours from Half-'
moon Bay.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntren. 104 hours from
Ladysirlth. ,7
Schr R. B. Jackson, Mass, 11 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland. 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 23.
Br ship Thistle. Hngland. Portland. Or.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Edith, Hall, Tacoma.
Stmr Homer,, Donaldson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jes«en. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 23. 10 p. m.— Weather
thick, wind B., velocity C miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per schr E. B. Jackson — Feb 20, passed schr
Louise, from San Pedro, for Uumpqua.
Jan 18—60 miles K of Cape Otway, Br-nhlp
Celtic Queen, from Acapulco for Wallaroo,
and reported crew down with fever, but de
clined assistance; wished to be. reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS. :
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Fob 19.
Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Umatilla, hence Feb
20.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Montara. hence Feb 19.
JUNEAU- Sailed Feb 22— Stmr AlkJ, for
Seattle. Feb 21 — Stmr Ramona, for S Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived ■ Feb 23 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Feb 22. : ." » *
Arrived Feb 23— Schr John A, hence Feb 23.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr W. H. Kruger. for San
Francisco; stmr Newsboy did not sail on 22.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 23 — Stmrs
Santa Monica and Centralla. hence Feb 19..
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco. ■
TATOOSH— Passed In Feb 23— Stmr Jeanle,
hence Feb 10, for Seattle. Passed out— Stmr
Leelanaw, from Tacoma. for Port Los Angeles.
Passed in Feb 23 — Stmr Rainier, hence Feb
20, for Seattle. Passed 'out — Bark Hesper, from
Tacoma. for San Pedro; U S stmr Manzanlta.
Passed out Feb 23— Schr Annie M. Camp
bell,. from IUalnc; for San Pedro; Br bark
Khybcr. from Chemainus, for Fremantle; Ger
bark Admiral Tegetthoff, from Chemainus, for
Antofagasta; Br rtiip Pass of Brander, from
Tacoma. for Valparaiso. Passed In — U S stmr
M.inzanlta
Passed in Feb 23 — Br stmr Wyefleldv hence
Feb 20, for Nanalmo; Br stmr Mlowera. from
Sydney, for Vancouver. Passed out— Schr Ok
anogan, from Port Ludlow, for ManlJa.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Feb 19.
Arrived Feb 23 — U S stmr Buford, hence"
Keb "o.
Sailed Feb 23 — Stmr Oregon, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Aurtlia, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Oregon returned.'
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Bo
nlta. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 23 —
Stmr Whlteboro, from Point Arena.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Rival,
hence Feb 19. .
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 23— Chil ahlp
Othello, from iquUiue.
KAHULUI— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Argyll,
hence Feb 10. . .,.■•■
FOREIGN PORTS. -V;7
MELBOURNE— Arrived Feb 20-^Br bark
Brunei, from Port Blakeley.
DUBLIN— Arrived Feb 20— Fr bark Emma
Laurans, hence Oct 10.
CARDIFF— Arrived Feb -21— Fr bark Cam
bronne. from Port Townsend.
SYDNEY — Arrived Feb 20 — Br ship Port
Patrick, from Oreton.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 20— Br eblp Car
navon Bay, from Shields, for Fort Los Angeles,
reports losing anchor and chain.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Arrived Feb 22— Br
ship Lord TemDletown, from Cape Town.
MAZATLAN— Sa'led Feb 23— Ger stmr An
ubls, for San Francisco. \
Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Curacao, for San Fran
cisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 20— Ger stmr
Ramses, hence Nov 8.
SOUTH AFRICAN PORT— Arrived prior to
Feb 22— Br bark Battle Abbey, from Port
Ludlow; Br ship Mylomene,- from Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Feb 23— U 3 stmr
Thomas, for Honolulu and San FranclBco.
HULL— Arrived Feb 22— Fr bark Anjou.
hence Nov 3.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Zee
land, from Antwerp.
Sailed Feb 23 — Stmr Staatendam, from Rot
terdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Pre
torian, from Halifax.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Freto
rlan. from Hamburg-, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Feb 23 — Stmr Bovlc,
from New York.
Sailed Feb 23 — Stmr Sylvanla, for Boston.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 ' From. ' I Due.
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma lFeb. 24
Coronado Grays Harbor |Feb. 24
Clavering Hngkng v. Sallna CruziFeb. 24
Anubis Hamburg & Way PortsJFeb. 24
Alliance Portland & Way Ports, IFeb. 24
Chehalls (?rays Harbor : |Feb. 24
Sequoia Crays Harbor |Keb. 21
Elizabeth Coqutlle River IFeb. 24
Arctic Humboldt IFeb. 24
Memphis Seattle IFeb. 24
Creson Portland & Astoria Feb. 24
Doric China & Japan Feb. 25
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 25
Acapulco Now York via Panama. Feb. 2S
Point Arena.. Mendoclno &. Pt. Arena Feb. 23
Santa Rosa...} San Diego & Way Pts.lFeb. 25
G. W. Elder..l Portland & Astoria |Febj»25
Pomona j Humboldt Feb. 26
Coos Bay | San Pedro & Way Pts.lFeb. 26
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 2fi
Lakme f. Humboldt ...IFeb. 26
Curacao V. Mexican Ports IFeb. 27
I*qua Spattlc A Tacoma 'Feb. 27
Titanla 1 Xanaimo |Feb 27
P.lval I Willapa Harbor IFeb. 28
Spokane.' Humboldt IFeb. 29
Santa Monica Grays Harbor [Feb. 29
State or Cal.. San DIegro & Way Pts.lFeb.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lMar. 1
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Mar. 1
Pomo '.... Point Arena & Albion. .JMar. 1
Jeanie.... Seattle & Tacoma JMar. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports JMar. 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . ..|Mar. 2
North Fork... Humboldt :.>..JMar. 2
Peru New York via Panama, j Mar. * 3
| TO SAIL. "
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. Pier.,
February 24.
Alliance. . . . Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
W. Kruger. I-os Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier IS
Chlco Coqull'e River 6 pm Pier 2
February 25.
Spokane Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pomo 1 Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonita....*. 1 Newport' & Way.. 0 am Pier 11 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
February 26.
Lakme I-os Angelrs Ports. 10 am Pter 20
.Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Astoria &-. Portland Pier —
Elizabeth.. Coqullle 5 pm Pier 20
Claverlne.. Hkong v. Portland Pier 20
China ; China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro. . Humboldt* .-. i. 10 am Pier 2
February 27.
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Panam N. r. via Panama. 12 ra Pier 40
Memphis... Hamburg A Way. 2 pm Pier 19
Arctic Humboldt 9 amjPier- 2
February 28. . |
Eureka Humboldt J> am|Pler 13
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPfer 9
Sj Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 amlPler 11
February 29. |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Monica.. Ixig Angelea Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
March 1. i
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPier 0
March 3. f
Sierra...... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm|Pler 7
FROM SEATTLE. "~~
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cotlagre City. Skagway *: Way Ports. Feb. 28
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 23 '
Exfcelslor...:. Valdez & Way Ports.. Mar. 1
Snn, Moon and Tide.
r United - States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. I
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24.
Sun rises .....*....... 6:13
Sun sets 5 : 57
Moon sets (first quarter)... 0:51 a. m.
CJ Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. FU
» H W L. W H W L W
24 4:36 G.2 11:47 0.7 6:58 3.6 11:24 2T
25 5:36 5.3 12:42 0.4 7:64 3.9
L W H W L W H W
26 0:36 2.8 fl:43 5.6 1:50 0.0 8:53 4.2
27 1:43 2.8 7:47 ' BJ 2:43— 0.2 9:47 4.5
28 2:40 2.6 S:4S B.S 3:32 — 0.4 10:27 4 9
29 3:36 2.1 ,&:47 6.0 4:18—0.5 11:10 5.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning. tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time ? column gives the last tide of tha
day except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. :, . The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coairt Survey charts. : except when a minus (—)
sign precede* the height, and then the cumber
GIVES VALLEY
GOOD PROMISE
San Francisco and Interior
Hold Conference Which Has
.a Very Favorable Outcome
MONEY NEEDED FOR SHOW
All Commercial Bodies Will
Help to Raise Sum Wanted
to l Provide for an Exhibit
Representatives of the executive com
mittee of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association secured a prom
ise yesterday from presidents and other
representatives of commercial organi
zations in this city of support to raise
the money needed to adequately install
the collective exhibit of the Sacramento
Valley counties at St. Louis. What the
committee wanted was to get San
Francisco to contribute the sum of $6000
to have the Sacramento Valley counties
put in shape to place a great exhibit,
to publish 100,000 copies of a Sacra
mento Valley book descriptive of the
entire valley, to have representatives
at St. Louis for every one of the Sac
ramento Valley counties and to meet
euch other expenses as may arise and
are not already provided for.
It did not need much argument to
convince those that were present as
representatives of the San Francisco
commercial organizations that to ad
vertise the Sacramento Valley properly
at St. Louis was advantageous to San
Francisco. Action indicating this was
taken very soon after the meeting was
fairly in motion.
The first actual subscription to aid
the Sacramento Valley came from
Arthur R. Briggs, who agreed to put
up $25 personally. He said that the
California State Board of Trade, of
which he is the manager, could not do
nate any money as a body, but that it
would help all that it could. Before
the meeting adjourned it was voted to
have a committee of the secretaries of
the commercial organizations, who are
Messrs. Fletcher of the State Board of
Trade, King of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, Friedlander of the Merchants'
Exchange, Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce. Bancroft of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association and
Smith of the San Francisco Board of
Trade, go around with a committee
from the Sacramento Valley to call
upon San Francisco merchants to get
subscriptions. This Is ■ to be done at
once. As soon as convenient the boards
of directors of the commercial organiza
tions of the city will be called together
to take such action as they may see fit.
GREEX GIVES FACTS.
General W. S. Green, president of
the Sacramento Valley Development
Association, said that he expected that
the co-operation of the commercial
bodies of the city would result in rais
ing some money. It had been con
sidered that $6000 was the share of San
Francisco. The Sacramento Valley be
gan only thirty-flve miles from San
Francisco and was therefore in the door
yard of San Francisco. The commercial
advantage of having the Sacramento
Valley known to the world aa well as
were Los Angeles and the counties In
the south of the State was apparent
and San Francisco would appreciate it.
What Los Angeles was to the southern
counties San Francisco ought to be
to the counties in this part of the State.
He promised to appoint a committee
to co-operate with the committee of
San Francisco secretaries mentioned In
the foregoing.
The initial motion to have action
taken by the San Francisco commer
cial bodies came from Andrea Sbar
boro, president of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association. An In
vitation was extended by Mr. Sbarboro
on behalf of the California Promotion
Committee to use the committees
rooms as' headquarters In the work to
be undertaken on behalf of the val
ley. Mr. Sbarboro said that he would
request of Mr. Jennings, the executive
officer of the promotion committee, to
lend assistance. Remarks were made
by A. A. Watkins, who presided; G.
W. McNear, General W. S. Green,
Secretary Beard of the Sacramento
Valley Development Association and
J. G. Martine, commissioner for the
city of Sacramento to the St. Louis
Exposition. '.-,■ .'.',' . 51
EXHIBIT IS EXTENSIVE.
Some of the facts that were stated
were already *of common knowledge.
It was set forth by the speakers from
the valley 4 that the city of Sacramento
had subscribed one-third of the fund
of $30,000 that it was found necessary
to raise; that tr>e valley show sur
passed any that had ever been at
tempted of a "similar kind, the bulk
being in processed fruits and vege
tables; that the counties that would
make the collective valley show at
St. Louis included Sacramento, Sola
no, # Placer, Yolo, Tuba, Sutter, Colu
sa, Butte. Glenn, Tehama, El Dorado
and probably Shasta.
Those present were W. S. Green of
Colusa, Secretary Board, C. F. Foster
of Tehama County, J. G. Martine of
Sacramento, John Relth Jr.- of Wood
land, R, M. Green of Oroville.i H. P.
Stabler of Yuba City, State Senator
Diggs of Marysville. Fred M. Buck of
Vacaville and, from the commercial
bodies of this city, Messrs. A. A .Wat
kins, Arthur R. Briggs, A. Sbarboro,
Rufus P. Jennings and G. W. McNear.
Late Slipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Tuesday. February 23.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, Monterey and
way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Feb 23^ Schr Al
pena, from Port Townsend.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Feb 23— Stmrs Cen
tralla and Santa Monica, hence Feb 19
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 23— Stmr" Santa
Rosa, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. B. C— Feb 23— Arrived Br
stmr Mlowera. from Sydney.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr City of Puebla. for San
Francisco.
■ — -j.
srlven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, t*. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franciaco' Cai.
February 33. 19O4.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
buHdlr* wa« dropped exactly at noon to-day
t. e . at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. c BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. la cbarf*.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Contnned From Paso Fifteen.
MISCELLANEOUS.
, Alaska P A.13a*137tt Oceanic 8 1 C. 4* *\
Cal F C A. 93 07 Fao Au * FA -,J5 ~
Cal Win. A. W% — Pao C Borx.l«T —
irWfc MtTm.l0O —
ilorclng Session.
Board—
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sug Co D».. 93 0»
1 8treet—
10 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
i Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . .137 0©
25 Bank of California 430 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 8 €0
$1,000 Market-st By 1st con 8s. . .. ..IIS CO
$10,000 Sacramento Eleo Gas A Ry 3s. 89 50
$3,00u V S 3 per cent (coup), cash.. 106 30
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | B'.d.A.ik.
Bay CPC 6a. 95 100 S P Co U-,s.. 98 99
B L Wat Bs. — 120 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
SF DrdJc 5s. — 1131* Do 3s 1024 —
SF A NP «'*«. — 112 Suttr-st RSs.lOS 113
S P C r. 4s. — 100 VR of SF 4s 7t> 79\
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala SCo....— 22 iiltls Nat Blc.30O —
Cal Cot Mils — W iNev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal O&ECor. 40 — N S R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 X C P Co... 9 —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.ll2H —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 63 —
Cal T I A T.115 140 IOOF Hall A J4 -
Cen Bk, Oak 64 — Orpheum Co. — l^H
Chutes Co .. — 3 Fac S Tel Co — 1004
City A C Bk. — 112 |Paraf Paint. 8S —
East Dynm.180 — ;S F Drydock. «0 —
F.V Bk Oak. 120 — ,ST A SJCoal — 22^
Fischer Thtr. — 1%IS J Wat Co. — lrtfi
Frnch-A Bk.104 — ISO * MTgbt — 165
Gas Con A.. 19V£21 ISwlss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co. 9ft — iTruckee Elec — 13
LonA SF Bk. — 60 UR InC pfd. 43 —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com .. 10f4 —
Afternoon Session.
Street—
I2.C0O United R R of S F 4 per cent. 79 00
California Stocf»& Oil Excltange.
OH Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 150
Apollo 45
Associated Trust Cert 20 ....
Aztec ?24 77'*
[California Standard 13
Caribou 160 1 9O
Central Point Con 60 ....
Chicago Cruda 18 1»
Claremont 50 31
Esperanza 1 30 ....
Four 68 70
Fulton 4 00
Grant 17
Hanford 143 00
Horn* 1 20
Imperial 17 0O
Independence 15 v 18
Junction * 14 19
Kern 4 75 5 00
Kern River 11 OO
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Crlsto 80 82^4
Occidental of W Va 13 ....
Oil City Petroleum 30 3*
Reed Crude 4 80 ....
San Joaquln O A D 2 15 ....
Senator 60 ....
Sovereign 44 43
Sterling 2 60 ....
Superior 05 06
Toltec 19 ....
Twenty-eight 4 50 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 30 1 60
Northern Cal Power 10 00
Parafflne Paint 85 OO
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 75 2 10
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Home 120
ICO Home 1 22-?
100 Monte Crlsto 8*>
10O Sovereign 44
3838 Associated 2f>
100 Illinois Crude 1 C5
' Afternoon Session.
1230 Claremont t 50
40 Monarch 40
100 Illinois Cruda 1 10
Mining Stocks.
SAJT FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fnn
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Bullion ll]200Ophir 4.15
300 Caledonia, ... 1 03 400 Savage S3
10O Caledonia ...1 00 1 200 Scorpion «V»
300 Challenge Con 34 S0O Seg Belcher.. 07
2CO Choilar 21 200 3iarra. N»v .. SO
200 Con C A Va.l 60i 500 Union Con .. SI
300 Gould A Cur. 41 1 200 Utah 21
500 Mexican 1 63'
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 44 200 Potoal 1S>
2C0 Con C A Va.l 70 400 Savage M
500 Con NY 05 20O Sierra Nev . . B3
100 Occidental ... S3 200 Silver Hill .. 6i
\ PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia ...1 05! 300 Potosi 17
200 Caledonia .1 07H 500 Silver Hill .. «6
200 Con C A Va.l 63 f 100 Silver Hill .. 65
100 Confidence ...1 10. 200 Union Con .. M
10O Hale * Norc. 93 j 100 Union Con .. 82
200 Mexican . 1 75! lf>0 Union Con .. X;
300 Mexican 1 80| 100 Union Con .. «4
50 Ophir 4 45 1 500 Utah 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 341 500 Seg Belcher.. 07
100 Mexican 1 801 200 Utah 20
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange ywterday:
Morning Session.
600 Brunswick .. C6| 900 Ton Belmont. •#.<»
l'«0 Gold Anchor. 231 200 Ton Belmont. 4»
ICO MacNamara . 20 j mo Ton Belmont. 47
400 MacNamara . 19i 100 Ton of Nev.« 25
300 Mont Ton. .1 3"H| 700 Ton Midway. 40
40O Mont Ton ..1 25| 30O Ton Midway. 3:>
500 Ton Belmont. 30; 1000 Ton N Star.. 3J
Afternoon Session.
30O Cen Eureka.. 81! 100 Mont Ton. .1 37«A
100 Dutch 40J 10O Ton Belmont. 49
400 Evelyn- 34; 200 Ton Belmont. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 23—4 p m.
B]d. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 C8 Justice 06 m
Alta 08 lOKentuck 03 t>4
Andes 43 45 Keyes Graes. 1 7.1
Belcher 34 36 Lady Wash.. — r«
Best & Belch.2 00 2 25 Mexican 1 75 1 80
Bullion 11 12 Occidental ... 83 85
Caledonia ...1 OO 1 OSOphtr 4 50 4 55
Challenge Con 35 S7l Overman .... 33 ;;4
Choilar 20 22;Poto«l ....*.. 1» 20
Confidence ...1 10 1 15'Savage fcj 54
Con C A Va.l 65 1 75 Scorpion 03 C4
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher.. M no
Con NY 04 Or.! Sierra Nev .. C3 54
Crown Point. 22 25 Silver Hill ..63 W
East Sierra N — 06 St Louis — :«
Eureka Con .. — SO, Syndicate ... 04 C3
Exchequer ... IS 13 Union Con ..82 A*
Gould A Cur. 42 44 1 Utah 20 21
Hale A Norc. J»7 8» Yellow Jacket 48 43
Julia 04 05;
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 18 Rescue 07 1O
Esperanza ... — 01, Ton Belmont. 47 4*
Gold Anchor. 15 23, Ton A Cal... — 29
Hannapah ... — 11: Ton Exten ..65 —
MacNamara . 17 27;Ton Fraction. — 45
Mlzpah Exten 10 — Ton of Nev. 6 12»4 7 0f»
Mont Ton.. 1 35 1 37^ j Ton N Star.. 32 34
N Y Ton — 03 i Ton Midway. 39 40
Ray Exten .. — 18,Ton Superior. — 12
Rav Ton 10 — (United Ton... — 12
Ray & OBrlen — 10 West End ..10 —
Zlnkand Must Keep Contract.
Charles Zlnkand, proprietor of the
Cafe Zlnkand. must live up to hla
agrreement to purchase from Helen M.
Pattej-son and others a block of land
in Anselmo Valley. Judge Seawell so
decided yesterday, giving Judgment for
the plaintiff in the suit brought by
Mrs. Patterson against -the restaurant
man to enforce a contract. In May of
last year Zinkand agreed to purchase
from the Patterson woman and others
a block of land . in Anselmo Valley
for $25,000. He paid $1000 down and
then refused to complete the pur
chase, giving the excuse that he had
found that the title to the property
was defective.
Prisoners Perish In Burning Jail.
GUTHRIE. Okla., Feb. 23. — Carl
Black and Cecil Hoggatt, young men.
were burned to death in the city Jail
at Mountain View early to-day. They
had been arrested for drunkenness.
It is thought that the bedding caught
fire from a lighted cisrarette.
DIED.
CONROY — In this city. February 23. at 3SO
precita avenue. Michael, belonred husband of
Catherine Conroy. and father of Mary. ■Wil-
liam. Joseph and James Conroy and Mrs.
David Hanley and tha lat» Katie Conroy.
a native of County Galway, Ireland. «g«d «z
yeaxa-COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
-Vrtt' York Stock market lozucr again. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds meet ivith little attention.
Silver unchanged. Sterling Exchange rather higher.
Wheat and Barley zveaken and Futures decline.
IVheat Freights rather higher; but still very lozv.
■\o fttrtltcr change in Oats, Corn or Rye.
Flour and Millstuffs firm in sympathy with the razv cereals.
J Jay easy under liberal receipts and continued rains.
Bran, Middlings and other Fecdsiuffs stiU firm.
Beans in good shape for sellers, ivith a better demand.
Potatoes and Onions active and advancing.
Asparagus and Mushrooms sell at lower prices.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm. Game mostly tainted.
Oranges in heavy supply, but selling rather better.
Dried Fruits, firm, zcith light stocks. Xuis and Raisins quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful and weak.
Prcznsions lozarr at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Hops. Jl'ool and Hides as previously quoted.
Beef, real and Mutton slightly weaker. Pork unchanged.
Scz'cral descriptions of Cordage marked up.
Salt undianged and selling dozun Imy.
Leather steady, but with no export demand to speak of.
Scraps From Wall Street.
Gossip in Wa!l street yesterday, as reported
'.to Mitchell. Mulcahy & Ob. of this city, was
that J. J. Hill says that the Northern Securi
ties Compcr.y will not go to pie't-ii, no matter
■what <If-c:s;cn the Unitf-d Stat«-s Court r<*r.dors.
Heavy soiling- of Southern Pacific depressed
the stock m»rk"t.. The puMic wa* utterly in
•difTerer.t. tables said that the authorities
wore preparing to withdraw the Russian bank
balances la London. Paris and Berlin.
Retail Meat Prices.
Th» following retail pries for meat*' are
quoted bgr the Retail Butchers 1 Protective As
sociation:
BEEF— Prime Roast. LS&lSc; Porterhouse
P^ak. 1*S224?: T*>r.dprloin Ff-ak. lM&18c;
Sirloin tHeak. 124915c; Top Round Steak.
l-'-ir; Bf-rf Ftrw. ]ix- : Corn lifft, sgiOc; Soup
Bones 4c; Soup Meat fiflilOr.
. VEAL — Loin Roast.' 1M2IV; Shoulder Roast,
■ I24«ri5e; chops and Cutlets V>ti2<K; Etev.
• MITTON—Log is, ; Foreqaartrr. 124c;
£'«>«•, STiJOr; Trim* Chops. L5$20c.
, LAMB— Leg. FfTpquartcr. 124®15c:
IJ:ndquart«"r. ISQ'SOc; Roast 12>-c;
Chops. £(•<-
PORK— Koast. 12VaIV-: Chops. ir>@18e.
• Thr sf- r>rlofis 4'~> not cover the cheaper cradps,
e« :t is imix>s?:bl« to quote regular prices on
th^m.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Le:<> nai! advlcea from New York say:
"Mor,- s-atisfactorj" conditions ar* notpd in the
market for t&c .nriou? <"aisfornia products.
:\f>n loife Ilaisjiif-, whi< h ha*ve lone l**n
- • :*"d, are < omirg la for toraf atteniion.
Buyers in tbe MlddU CT«st are ?aid to be look
ing about this market f»r bargains in louse
:.i:"-ir.b. bvt appareatljr th* ji r ii-f-. a made by.
bolAera Of U>9 Mul^id>; ftock, vhllP half a cent
t j a C* ::i undfr afc*>ociation figures, are not
gunr- low ♦ nouph to l<ad to business. A i>Ptt"i
. in -fisist nf^tit-^ IL-iisinp on the spot I« J
. no:-ii r>»:r.r to t)<.i rrr;»»rted cleanin* up of I
BtOck akich Jaau» txMO im^nlus on Itut ou>rk«x ,'
lor sornf time at low prices. ThTe ts a\K> 1
Faid tcj b»- some bBOTOTOfneutj in the demand
tbbera for sf+dul st(jok. A s-teafiy busl
v.'-. f :n f-;>ot IVur^i :"or the supply of current
requirtm ■-:-.!» of bOOM consumption is reported,
tut we >i*-ar <>f no v<ry imi'Orur.i transactions.
'.. markci Is f.rm. kui nut <juot2bly higher.
A confideraMe tiufin«>*s is b«>ir^ flone in
• Prach^s in lota at 1'J to Ut boxes; but th*re ar»
f^ry few in<juiri*s (<t larsf-r quaniitles. and
ids BCCOmpacylCC these are limited at figures
betow what hoid«-rf csrf to accept. Som* ex- 1
prrt dt-rr.ar.d a f«:r "jr.bMng movement
ihrnujsrh horr.'-consurrlr.c channels keep the
n;«rK-: Eoi A-PrtCCts rn a firm basis. Currants
erv unchars'-d. Thfr<? is not mu^h demand.
l>-jt the rteady ion" of the market is retain<?d.
.Th*re km nOUatag B**r in Dates and the mar
ket for Figs was d-jll."
Weather Report.
<12i"tb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCIPOO, Feb. 23 — 5 p. m.
The fo'lowir.E are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as t-oir.pared witr. those of the tame date
Jast Rpafon. and the rairrall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
I,*st This Las-t
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Seeton.
Eureka Traoe :t«5.<>4 «1 >1
Red Bluff ».«2 Ih.bl 17.78
. F&cra merit o B.01 S».T5 11.31
Fan Francisco ..Trace 11.7:{ 11.49
Trf-tno 0.O0 2.48 5.72
Independence ... Trace 1.2* l.M
F L. Obispo 0.C0 « 42 11 >5
Lot Angtles 0.00 2..VJ
fan Dieco O.O9 1^75 9.1K>
THE COAST RECORD.
t: 2 2 T * *3 !
*" ~r Bm ->b 2
• STATION. |-|iJc>55 "a
; 5= 53 i= 5 =
i £ • : ?
'. * ? • '. ' ■
Fara'.Icn 2!>.!>4 M r.2 E Rain .02
Baiter 23.510 Ss :i<» PE noudy .00
Carson M «" S Rain .22 i
:-;,..■.:, 23. Mi .<* 4* Cloudy -T. I
Fresno 30.O0 72 Wi S Cloudy .(*>
yiAprtnft ...2*M2 '^ 9t SW Pt.Cldy .«m»
JVcRtello -M—* *'» 3»» W Cloudy .24
Point Rryes..2».M V, SI £E Cloudy .Ol
I r 'Impendence .V.i.'M •>•• ?2 SW Cloudy T.
J.o Angeles.. 3o.<!2 70 5<» W Clear .00
Mt Tamalj .ais.30.Ol .V> 47, .^K Itain .112
North Head « ft ■■■■• ■*>-
Phoenix ».«* *• •♦ N Clear -°'>
Portland ...'S.i.m 44 40 SW Rain .40
K.d EUnfl 2«'-'4 ••>> &2 SK Rain .U2
fUmetnirm S».«« *''• -"i N • liafn .24
t-a< 'Krnento ..3f'.«t2 M .'.2 NK lUin .01
r-alt Lake ?•*■'■* W •'"• NW Cloudy T.
r=en KranciKOO.ao.02,60 T>2 NW Rain T.
£ L. ObisiKK.3f.0-> 74 T01 N Pt.«ndy .00
S-'an Diego ...'■Ut.V't ♦»*) 4tJ NW near .00
Seattle 2*.i.h<» 4d 36 E Cloudy .i*J
i-:r«-kaxe '£>■**>> 42 .12 FE Know T.
T«to.jth " ..2i'.7K *- 3>> S Cloudy .Or.
V\llU Walla.. 5»-«! -%2 Wl S Cloudy X.
•Vinnemucca .ja.'M W> 4.. 8 cloudy T.
y uma g»Jg MM S Clear .00
tVEiVTUER CONl'ITIONS AND GENERAL
FORBCAeT.
The pressure is fallinc rapidly alonif the
coast of Northern California. Rain is falllns
frtiTi fan Franrlsoo northward and there Is
tome likelihood that the rain area will extend
"°Th h eT. &J r 3 as be*n but little change in temper
ature in California.
\V*rm weather In the Sierras, combined with
hravy rain, will cause a good volume of water
m tfce American and Sacramento rivers.
The follawlnr river readln«rs are retorted :
Uarrmille. lh.K lallinp: Red Bluff, 1S.5, fall
ln»c; Sacramento. 25. rising; Tcharoa. 15.2. fall
'" Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours, endrnt midnSpht. February 24:
Northern California— Showers Wednesday;
freaJi toutheaft winds.
Kouth<m California— Increasing cloudiness
Wednesday and jxwsibly showers; light north
winde, chanirtng to southeasterly.
Nevada — lialn or enow Wednesday.
t a n Fran^iro and vicinity — Showers
Wednesday; fresh southeast wind.
A. G. McAPIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2o. — Close— Money on call
was eteady; highest. 1%; lowest, 1*4; ruling
rat*. 1% per e*-nt; la>t loan. 1% jmt cent,
rinsing bid. 14 per cent: offered. 1% per cent.
Ttrrif loan* were steady. Kixty days. .'S«j3 1 4
;prr cent: ninety days. 3£3>j per cent; . six
months. 4 per cent. . . .
Prtir.e mercantile pafwr — 4%®5\i per cent.
Sterling exchange— Was Srra. with actual
business in bankers' hills at $l.S620@4.8625 for
demand and at $4.-S32O<g4.S325 for sixty-day
bills.
Posted rates— $4 83»4^4 84 and $4 864®
Commercial hills— $4 82&i$H 82%.
Bar silver — 53c.
Mexican dollars — iCc.
Bonds — Government, firm; railroads, easier.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— A good start against
depression was made by the stock market this
morning, but the tone became nervous ana ap
prehensive as the day wore on, and in the
afifrncon there was positive weakness. The
relative share In causing this weakness be
tween the several factors In evidence v.as not
very clear. Some of the early improvement
ha<i its impetu« from foreign sources, where
th» success of yesterday in calming the
panicky conditions on the Paris bourse was
iullowed by some rebound. The concentrated
nature of the selling indued some fears that
large interests were liquidating their holdings.
The suspense fflt ever the coming Northern
Securities dcclrion was an important Influence
tn thi- market, and there i"-as room for the
opinion held by some persons that it was the
dominant. Influence. Wall strtet was entirely
at sea during the morning as to what to ex
ix-ct on tht- subject. London reported a belief
that the derision would bt- handed down to
day and wouiil favor the company. When the
rtjjort was recfived that court decisions were
l»t-ing delivered th«* market showed the great
'•«t weaknf-^s of the whole diy. In sympathy
with a br>rak of 2* 4 in Northern Securities it
self, vn th.± curb. Un'asinPFS over the foreign
j financial situation wag revived by the report of
j an Important banking failure in Berlin, and
j th» strength in the local exchange market
1 gave color to the doubts felt. It is realized
! that Euror* is not stripped of American se
! curitief. however large the recnt reductions
I in th» floating rapfdjr there may have been.
■ Extensive financial disturbances In Europe
I would be sure to precipitate pressure upon tlie
I wortS*a strongest financial point, which seems
I to be New Yr.rk at present. The influx of cash
I into New York, which is making it so strong,
\ Is viewed •OtneWhmt dubiously, taken in con
1 nection with the decline in railroad earnings
I anJ the shrinkage in the country's bank plear
in»rs, pointing to a decrease in business activ
ity.' which If ■ not wholly reassuring. The
pendency of the vote on the Panama canal
irppty pointed to an farly call by the Secretary
of th<» Treasury for a portion of Government
deposits in nHtional banks. A further cut in
thf Lake rate ]/»iU alive apprehensions over
the war of rate?. The market closed at about
thf low»6t of th<» day and showed losses rang
ing from 1 to l*i points. Southern Pacific '
was thf- moFt actively pressed for rale, and a
number of dormant stocks made violent de
cline*. .
Bon"!* were moderately acti\'e and easy.
Total *al*s (par value). $1,340,000.
United States 3s registered advanced »-; per
cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Stocks — Pal»s. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 29.700 C0% 644 64«i
Atrhison pfd 400 $S S 4 fc$4 S*%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 25.800 7«'i 744 74
B»lt & Ohio r M 864
Canadian Pacific... 4.R00 H.%4 113*4 H2!t
Cent of New Jersey .. — 153
Chesapeake & Ohio 1.2O0 30Vi 2» 29
Chicago & Alton.. 200 3»J 354 33
Chf & Alton pfd SI 14
Chicago & Gt West 1,400 15 U\ 14Vi
Chicago & N W... 200 104 '*; 1624 162
Ohi M it *t Paul.. 26,400 139^ 137»» Vl?%
Chi M & Ft Pfd 172
Chi Term * Trans. 300 84 S4 $\i
Chi T & T rM 100 194 1»4 ISVi
C C C & St Louis 72
Colo Southern 1,700 15 144 14%
Colo So 1st pfd.... 200 52 52 514
CcId So 2nd pM.... 100 22 22 21 Vi
D.-I & Hudson 1,200 15S% 158 15S
Ivl Lack & West.. 3<>0 255 2504 250
I>nver & R G 300 18^4 184 18>,4
I ■ <fc It G pfd 40f» 6fi% (5<J 64
Erie 13.000 23T*, 22% 22%
Erie 1st pfd 2,«00 »T2% 61 »4 »il»i
Erie 2nd pfd 3.300 40 30H 38
Hcwklng Valley 724
: Hork'np Val pfd... 400 81 SI 81V*
i Illinois Central 1.400 1274 12C4 12«
Iowa Central 1«4 i
Iowa. Central pfd 33
Kansas City 5 I 1»>4
Kansas City S i.fd. .... 314
Louisville A- Nash. 2.600 103 101 101
Manhattan L 2.200 142 141 141
Met Securities 300 Jf>5 84 8.34
Met St Ry 1,500 1154 114% 114%
Minneapolis & St L 58
Minn St T & S S M .VXf «Pi 59 594
JliiPiSSMpM 118
Missouri Pac:n>... 9.0OO my t *T*i 874
Mo Kan & Tex WO 154 14% 144 1
Mo Kan & T pfd.. £<*> :ii\ 35 35
Nat RR of Mex pfd 05
New York Central. 3,000 114% 113% 1134
Norfolk & Wet t... SOO 56 554 65%'
Norfolk & W pfd 88
Ontario* West... 6.000 204 194 194
Pennsylvania 74.100 1144 112% 112%
Pitts C C & St L 58
Reading 10,200 41 H 3»% 3!i%
Reading 1st pfd 78
Reading 2nd pfd... 200 58 5<J 554
Rock Inland Co 21,400 21% 19% l0«i
Rock Island Co pfd COO 5»4 59 fifl'
Ft L & S F 2d pfJ 100 424 42"4 41 U
Ft L Southwest 100 194 134 134
St L S W pfd 1,100 31 30 294
Southern PaoiSc... 5.300 45% 42% 42i;
Southern Railway. . 25.900 19«4 IR4 1514
So Railway pfd 1,400 80 78*4 78?4 '
Tex & Pacific 200 224 214 21 Vj
Toledo St L & W.. 100 23 23' 22
T Ft L & W pfd.. 100 33 33 32
Tnkm Pacific 32.800 75*4 73 73
irnion Pacific pfd.. 100 874 874 87^4
Wuhash 1.000 184 174 17U
Wabash pfd 2,900 344 33 33
Wheeling & L E... 100 144 14>4 144
W I scon Cent 100 18 IS14 17%
Wlscon Cent pfd.. 4W 42 4w% iy^
Express Companies —
Aiinms 220
Amereian 185
United States 100
W-Mls-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 26,500 47 44% 45
Am Car & Fdry.. ' RoO 194 1»' is»i
Am Car & Fdy pfd 3OO 674 674 67'
Am Cotton Oil 100 29 29 ' 2SU
Am Cotton Oil pfd gg
American Ice 400 7% 7»; 74
Am Ice Dfd 400 30 29% 29<>4
Am Linseed OU <j
Am Lin Oil pfd 27
Am Locomotive . 2,200 22% 21% " 21 U
Am Loco pfd 300 79 V4 7» 79
Am Smelt & Rfg.. W» 4754 47 40%
Am Sm * Rfc pfd 800 90%, 90 89?A
Am Sugar Rfg 5,000 124 122% 12°^
Anacon Mining Co 100 fi2 62 62
Brook Rapid Tran. 28,400 41% 38% 38%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 800 31 30% 304
Consolidated Gas . 500 180% 1884 lHb?l
Corn Products ... 500 17% 174 J7ti
Com Products pfd 100 7O < 70 03 '
Distillers' Secur. .. 100 23% 23% 23
General Electric .. 3,400 161 158 158*1
IntematI Paper .. 20rt 11% ' u^ n *
Int Paper Pfd 300 65 64% 64K
Internatl Pump 33 '
Int Pump pfd " • 71 ii
National Lead 200 14% 144 1414
North American .. 1OO 82% 82% 82&
Pacific Mall 3f» 27 2514 28
People's Gas 1,600 98 OT4 97%
Prefsed Steel Can <. 274
Presd Steel C pfd. 100 69 63 6SU
Pullman Pal Car .... .... 209'
. . • ■ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, :■- FEBRUARY 24, 1904.-:; 7.
Republic Steel ... 200 74 7% 7
Republic Steel pfd 43
Rubber Goods 800 19% 1U& 1» '
Rubber Goods pfd .... 75
Tena Coal & Iron. 1,700 35 34 4 34%
U S Leather 2,000 7 6% 6%
V S Leather pfd.. 100 76 76 75%
U S Realty 200 7% 7% 7%
U S Realty pfd... 1.100 53 5U4 511*
U S Rubber 104
U S Rubber pfd 46
V a Steel 3.200. 11 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 20,»00 564 »5% 1"'">4
Westinghouse Elec 400 1594 154 154 '
Western Union .. 500 87% 86 Sff%
Nor Securities 884
Total sales 475,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 3%, asked 3%; preferred, bid
34 »i, asked 34%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.105 ii, & N unified 4s. 0S4
D o coupon 105 Man con old 4s. 103% j
Do 3s r«g UKJvj j». x cent 4a 64
Do coupon 1im;^ Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg.l32'i Minn & St L 4s. 984
Do coupon 132',* M. K & Tex 4s. 974
Do old 4s reg. 10714 to 2ds 774
Do coupon 107'i-NU of Mex con Is 73
Atch gen 4s 93% !N Y C gen 34s.. 97
Do adj 4s 8S IN J C gen 5s 12U4
Ar'.antlc C L 4s. 92% Nor Pac 4s 102
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101 Do 3s 704
Do 34s 92% Nor & W con 4s. 074
Ctntral of Ga 5s.lO3 OSL 4s & partic. 01
Do 1st lnc 67 Pa conv 34s 044
Ches & Ohio 44S.I0314 Reading gen 4s.. 8B
Chi & Alton 34s. 75 SL & I M con 5s.ll2'4
f. P & Q new 4s. 92 IS L & S F fg 4s. 794
CM & SP gn 4s.lO84|St Louis SW lsts. 92%
C & NW con 7e. 129% Seaboard A L 4». 66
C. R I & Pac 4s. 674 So Pac 4s .....'. 88
Do col 5s 794 'So Ry 5s .111 >i
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 97% 'Tex & Pac lsts. 1104
Chi Term 4s 79 T. St L & W 4s. C9
Cons Tobacco 4s. 55% Union Pac 4s 102%
Co!o & So 4e 84 4 Do conv 4s.... 95
C F & I conv 5s. 724 O S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Dei & Rio G 4s. 974 Wabash lsta 115%
Ene prior Hen 4s. Wi Do deb B M%
Do gen 4s S4\ W & L Erie 4s.. S3
F W & D C lsts.105 Wis Cent 4s 89
Itockln Val 44s.lO5
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 : Little Chief 06
Alice 18|Ontario 4 60
Breece U Ophlr 4 25
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix . OS
Com Tunnel" . 06|Potosl :.'....;."..; "14
Con Cal & Va... 1.55 ftivaga Vis
Horn Silver^ 115 f.iwra Nev....... ■ 48
Iron Sliver 1 50 Small Hopes .... 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard ........ 2 35
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— u S Steel 104"
Call loans 4 @44 Do pfd 554
Time loans ...4%fr5>i Westing Com ... 75
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 97% Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 87 Allouez 3%
Mex Cent 4s.... 63 Amal Copper •••• 45
Railroads — Amer Zinc 9
Atchison 69% Atlantic 7
Do pfd 88% Bingham 19*4
Boston & Albany.244 Calumet * Hecla.450
Boston & Maine.1664 Centennial 16%
I Boston Elev 137% Copper Range ... 38
Fltchburg rid 130 Daly West 34
I Mex Central 0% Dom Coal 574
I N Y. N H & H..190 Franklin SH
I Pere Marquette. . 78 Grancy 3'4
j Union Pacific .... 73 Isle Royale 8
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 34
Amer Arge Chem. 134 Michigan 4 4
Do pfd 74 Slohawk 3»4
Amer Pneu Tube. 3 Mont Coal & C 2%
Amer Sugar 122% Old Dominion ... 10
Do pfd 1214 Osceola M
Amer Tel & Tel. 120 Parrot 22
Amer Woolen .. 94 Qulncy 80
Do rid 894 'shannon 8
Dom Iron & S . . S4 4 , Tamarack 95
Ed Elec Ilium. .214 Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 15S U S Mining 204
Mass Electric 18% |; s Oil 8%
Do pfd 744 Utah 31%
Mass Gas 38 Uj Victoria 3>i I
United Fruit 95 Winona 4% '
I'n Shoe Mach... 46 Wolverine 70
Do pfd 27U
London Closing Stocks.
j Consols, money .. 80% Mo Kar & Tex.. 16
Do account 86% x Y Central 117H
.rtnacenda 3M Nor .4 Western.. S74
Atchison 6S% Do j.refd ...... «»
IX 1 piefd 92 Pennsylvania .... C8%
Palto Ar Ohio 78 Rand Mines »l
Canadian Pac .. .11R% Reading 21%
Cn*s & Ohio ... 20% D o 1st prefd:.. 404
Chicago G W .. ir>4i Do 2d prefd 284 I
Chi M & St P... 1434 Southern Ry ... 20 1
D»r.»-ers 1»4 Southern Pacific 4fi% !
Denver * R G. .119%|Unlon Pacific ... 70%
D-> n efd «19H Do prefd f>2
Kric 244,US Steel UH
Do 1st prefd... 64 V Do prefd CSV.
Do 2d prefd.... 414Wabash 19 '
I'iln..'* Central... 131 1 Do prefd 354
Lcuis & Nash... 1^54'
Bar silver — Steady. 27l4d per ounce.
Money — 3(ff.14 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3%C34 per cent and for three
menthe" bills 3 7-16<s}34 r"r cent.
Nnv.York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23. — The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 8 points to an
advance of 1 point under liquidation due
chiefly to fears of a reaction as a result of
unsettling war news. The list moved up on
cables and Southern advices and about mid
day showed great activity. Realizing followed
and the market was finally barely steady, with
the net advance cut down to a matter of 15
to 31 points.
New York Grain and Produce,
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.110; exports. 52.009 barrels. Very firm, but
held above buyers" views. Winter patents,
$5 ll«&5 40; winter straights, $t So© 5 10; fair
to good, $4 40; choice to lancy, $4 50^4 75.
WHEAT— Receipts, 13,050 bushels; exports.
22,520 bushels. Fpot, firm. No. 2 red, $1 07
elevattr and $1 OSCfl 10 f. o., b. afloat; No. 1 j
northern Duluth. ?1 10 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 j
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.- afloat. Op
tions opened firm on strong cables and the
war outlook. Later it eased off under heavy
foreign selling, mild weather In the South-;
wi-st and realizing. The market again ad
vanced on good support. Profit taking, re
]>orts of failures in Berlin and Indications of
great weakness at Chicago eased prices and
the close was unsettled at 4®%c net lowfr.
May, M 03Vi«?l 054. closed $1 034: July.
9K\o@$l 00%. cloj-ed 97 'ac; September, 91 %@
93%c, closed '.tl^c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— FIRM.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
SUGAR — Raw. 1rm; centrifugal, 3%c; mo
lasxes sugar. 2Tfcc; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spct Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
7V»c; niHU. steady. The market for coffee fu
tures closed steady at a decline of 10Q20
points. Sales, K2.000 bags, including: March,
5.43G5.55C; May, 5.70<g5.75c; July, 5.93®«.03c;
September, C.25& 0.30c; December, 6.45<i£ti.C0c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
light dtmand and while holders arc still ask
ing 5V4c for prime, buyers in most cases arc
slow to offer over 54c. Common are quoted
at 4Q5c; prime at 6%@5Vic; choice, 54®0c,
and fancy, 6467c.
PRUNES-rfliow a partial gain, with prices
from 3 Vic t(ft54c for all sizes.
APRICOTS — Are firm. Choice are quoted at
»%&10c; extra choice, 10U6>10>!ic. and fancy,
12if(15c.
PEACHES — Are in less active demand, but
offerings are light and the market is conse
quently firm. Choice are had at 74©7%c;
extra choice, 7%«i8Hc, and fancy at 0310c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— As compared with
last Saturday's prices tin was considerably
lower In the London market, spot declining
15s to £125 15s and futures £1 2b 6d to £125
10s. Locally tin was about 5 points lower in
sympathy with the declines abroad, at S28 27i@
28 75.
Copper advanced In London, gaining 7s 6d
to £57 2s 6d for SDOt and £56 7s 6d for fu
tures. Locally copper was quiet. Lake is
quoted at 12.5CHQ12.75c; electrolytic and cast-
Ing. 12. 374612. «74c.
Lead advanced 2s 6d In the London market
to £11 13s Od. but was quiet and unchanged
here at 4. 50® 4. 60c.
Spelter was unchanged at 5@5.05c in the
local market and at £21 12s 6d In London.
Iron closed at 50s Od in Glasgow and at
42s 6d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted
at $15616; No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $14®
15; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, soft, $15 75©14 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23. — The visible supply of
grain Saturday. February . 20, as compiled by
the Produce Exchange, Is as follows: 'Wheat;
36.847,000 bushels; decrease, 1,311,000. Corn,
8,710,000 bushels; increase, 948,000. Oats,
9,24(3,000 bushels; increase, 2SS.000. Rye, 1,003,-
000 bushels; decrease. 26.000. Barley. 4,406.000
bushels: increase. 21S.000. " „ - • • .- :
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 23.— Wild excitement
marked trading in the wheat pit from the
very start. Buying orders appeared -to come
from all directions at the opening. The cause
v.'as sharp advances in foreign grain markets.
A rumor that the English neet had been or
dered to Intercept any attempt by the Russian
fleet to pass the Dardanelles furnished an ad
ditional motive to many traders. The May de
livery was In more active demand than the
deferred futures and as a result initial sales
on that option were at an advance of %c to
2%c over Saturday's closing figure at $1 00*4
to ?1 OHM. The wide ranse of prices showed
more plainly than anything else the excite
ment under which the market opened. Soma
brokers were bidding Jl 08^ a bushel for
wheat, while others almost . by their sides
were selling, that commodity for 2c a bushel
less. The volume of trading the last few min
utes was enormous. Hundreds of thousands
of bushels were sold on the advance and on
this heavy profit taking- the price of May fell
an even 4c from tile high point to $1 02Vi.
July declined to 94%c, or l%c from the top.
Many stop-loss orders were reached on the
way down, which added to . the weakness.
Shorts in the May j option took advantages of
the break to cover, and the buying from thU
pource caused a recovery to SI 06 >£. Within
the last fifteen minutes another flood of selling
orders appeared in the pit. The result of this
renewed attack was a break in May to
$1 03Vi. a decline of S&c from the high point.
July sold off to 92V&C, a loss of 3%c. Tha
close was weak, with May at $1 04. . July
closed at 93Hc
Corn was traded in heavily and prices moved
in sympathy with wheat. May sold off to
'5V&c and closed at a net loss of.l>4@Hic at
55*ic. July ransed between 54c and 55Hc.
closing >4@%c lower at &4%@54#c.
Oats were exceedingly nervous and the vol
' ump of business was somewhat restricted. May
opened unchanged to %c higher at 45Tic to
46c, and after ranging between 44%c and
4014c, closed at 44ftc. -
Provisions were excited In the same degree
as the grain markets. The opening was wild
with prices strong, but a general rush on the
- part of the holders to realize caused a de
cline. May Pork showed the greatest weak-
J ness and declined 45c from the top. mark.
' After selling between $15 60 and $16 05 that
product closed 27^c lower at $15 67^. May
: lard was -down 17^c at $7 87%, while . ribs
were off 15c at $7 57'^. ' '. ••■ -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 1 0314 1 08«4 «l-03!i I 04
July, old 97>,4 97H 9«% 94%
July, new »0 06 92»4 93^4
September, old. 92 92 89 89 V t
September, new 90tf .90^ 8S SS 1 ,;
Corn No. 2 — : '• • - . .
'February ...... 53% • .;63?i 52 52V*
,'May :.... 57H-- 57'.4"* 55;j 55^
■ July >35&.V 56W 54% 54»4
. 'Oats No. 2 — ' ■" '
February . .... ..'. 42>A
May 4«V g 46^. 44% 44%
July 42i<, 42% 4m 4H4
September 37Vi 37% 38% 361,
j ■ Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 16 00 18 05 15 30 15 Q7V,
July 16 02 Vi 16 10 15 70 15 72'i
Lard, per KM) lbs — t
May 8 tO 8 05 '7 87^4 7 87%
July 8 20 8 20 7 07& 8 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May 7 75 7 80 7 55 7 67t4
July 7 874 7 95 "7 65 7 70
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 23. — Cash, quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady;. No. 2 spring wheat,
93c<S?l 05; No. 3. 90c®?l 02; No. 2 red,
$1 02M@J 12: No. 2 corn, 62c; No. 3 yellow,
52u>c; No. 2 oats, 42^«542»Cc: No. 3 white,
41 \ 2 ti<iT>r:: No. 2 rye. 73H@76c; good reeding
barley. 41(?4r{c; fair to choice malting, 48t?
5Se; No. 1 flnxseed, M 12; No. 1 Northwest
ern. ?1 ISMi: prime timothy seed, $.1 25; mes*
iv>rk, per bbl. ?15 fi2>4(5 15 75; lard, per 100
lbs. $7 80^7 85: short ribs sides (loose). $7 50
»57 02 1 *.: clover, contract grade. $lr 25;
whisky" basis of liigh wines. $1 27.
" Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 41,000 27.MK)
Wheat, bushels 52.7OW «J».3(>o
Corn, bushel* H07.2OO U3.0O<>
Oats, bushels 570, 40<) 206.10O
Rye. bushels 8.900 5.800
Barley, hu.'hels 179.800 15.C30
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Fen. 23.— On th« Produce Ex
chance to-day the butter market was steady;
rrfamerles, 10fi2."Vic: dairies. 13V.j(522c; eggs,
weak at mark, cases returned, 22@23c; cheeee,
Fteadr to firm, lo 1 ,^ 11 Vic.
.Livestock Markci.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 2.5.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000; sternly. G<v-,d to prime steers, $5<i?5 75;
poor to mMlum. ?-1 W©.4 «0: stockers and feed
er*. $2 5f)<@4 IB: cows. ?1 tXW74; h*>ifers. $2«
4 75: canners, $1 ~b<Q'Z 60; bulls, $2® I; calves,
$3 P0(f,7.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 44.000; to-morrow.
40.000. Utiffl.V lower. Mixed and butchers,
$5 l. r ><95 55; good to choio» heavy. $5 50(35 W);
rough heavy. $5 20fi.'. 5D; light, $4 t>Cg 5 2"5;
bulk of sale*, $5 25<g5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000; sheep and lambs
steady. Oood to choice weth'rs. $4 25414 60:
fair to choice mixed. $.t 50«a>4 25; Western
sheep. $4 1065 15; native lambs. $4 50(g6;
Western lambs, $5 25@C 15.
3riscollaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening ..0 1U 4 6 104 6 104
Closing 6 11 6 104 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — • Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 80 22 90
Closing 22 70 22 95
Flour —
Opening 3105 3110.
Closing 30 85 31 15
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Feb. 23.— With the wool market'
steady and firm, dealers feel confident that
I the season will close in a satisfactory manner.
; The new cIId is near an end and the amount
i of woo! to be carried over will not be large.
There is a st*«dy movement In Territory wools.
The market for nulled wool is firm at mod
erate offerings. Territory quotations:
Idaho— Fine, 15@16e;- heavy fine, 13#Hc; fine
: medium, 16@16'.ic; medium, 16£17c; low me
dium, 17@18c.
Wyoming — Fine, 15®16c: heavy fine, 13@14c;
fine medium. 16017c; medium, 184@19c; low
medium, 19®20c.
'Utah and Nevada — Fine, 15<S16c; heavy fine,
13S14c; fine medium, 16%@17c; medium, 18@
10c; low medium. 19@2Oc.
Montana — Fine, choice, 10<5?2Oc: fine medium
choice, 10020c; average. 18@19c; staples, 190
20c; medium choice, 19@20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
■ ST. LOUIS. Feb. 23.— Wool, steady: Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17<g214c"
light fine, 15@174c; heavy fine, 126144c*
tub washed, 20<g30%c. . .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb.- 23. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77c; blue stem, 82c; valley, 82c.
WASHINGTON.
TAC0MA, Feb. 23.— Wheat, higher, caused
by buying for export; blue stem, 84c; club, 79c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
A slight advance In Sterling Exchange was
the only chansre yesterday.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7
Sterling Exchange, cables _; 4 fig
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — i,q
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Small carriers have
been laken at 15s. usual European options, dur
ing the past week, which would make the rate
for large carriers about 13s Od. Business on
the spot continues quiet. Che chartered Wheat
fleet In pert has a registered tonnage of 7843,
against 27,700 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. 79,225 tons, against 63.140; on the
way to this port. 106,000 tons, against 225,050 - •
IVHEAT— The foreign market was firm, with
higher futures. Bradstreet's gave the world's
visible supply a decrease of 1,371.000 bushels.
The world's shipments for the week were as
follows, in quarters: Russian. 218,000; Danu
bian. 54,000; Argentine. 365,000; ' Australian,
103,000. The American visible supply increased
948.000 bushels. ■ .-
Chicago opened sharply higher on cables, but
fell back with large sales. Millions of bushels
of lone Wheat were reported thrown on , the
market, which will require more. war news to
sustain it. . .
In this market futures ; were lower In eym-
pathy with the decline at Chicago, but the
cabh grain 'showed no change from the close of
the week. . •
An upward tendency in futures set In during
the afternoon.
CASH WHEAT!
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian $1 60@l 55; Northern Club.
$1 4C@1 45; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 55
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 4S $1 48ft $1 46 $1 4tiV4
December ... 1 46tt .1 4U«i 1 44*4 1 44ft
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 46«-i $1 47% $1 40*4 $1 47*i
December ... 1 45 1 45% 1 45 1 45%
BARLET — The bull movement of last week
having been practically settled, .the, market was
weaker yesterday and the weakness was aug
mented by the rains and the decline in Wheat.
Both cash grain and futures were somewhat
lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12Vi@l 1394; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 17»4@1 20; Chevalier, $1 17^<gl 40 for
fair to choice."^- .
FUTURES. . .
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
May $1 im $1 11x4 $1 09% $1 O»%
December ... 1 C5% 1 05% 1 04% 1 05
2 p. m. Session.'
May— $1 H.
OATS — The situation remains as for several
weeks, there being a steady consumptive de
mand, which keeps the market firm. Offerings
are not heavy and receipts are not large enough
to disturb the market.
White. $1 27%®1 37Vi; Black. $1 25@1 65;
Red, $1 25@1 32 H tor feed and $1 ;i0<gl 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 32ft per ctl.
CORN — The market continues firmly held at
quotations which ruled at the close of last
week. The demand is fair.
Western sacked. $1 37"4@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 37»4®1 40 for White and $1 35 for Mixed:
California large Yellow, $1 37%01 40; small
round do, $1 50; White, $1 37&@i 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and $1 30 for
brown.
RYE— Continued firmly held at $1 3CHS4 32 £
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 76®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The week opened without any'further change
under this head, but the market ruled firm,
with a fair demand for all descriptions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $i SO®'
5 10. usual terms; Baker3" Extras. $4 70@5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 8504 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour S3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $*; Oat
Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4#4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25gS 60; in sacks, $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Spilt Peas, boxes $7- Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. "
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay dealers are reporting an easy feeling
owing to the current copious rains In the
northern and. central parts of the State and
the recent increase in receipts. No particular
decline is expected on account of the rains but
it is thought that they will check any further
advance ?or the present at least. The bulk of
the Hay now romlng in is selling at $15^17
per ton. Anything over $17 Is strictly choice
in every respect and anything under $15 is in
ferior.
All Feedstuffs remain' as quoted at the close
of the week, the feeling being firm all around.
BRAN— $21(522 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50<g29 per ton.
SHORTS-$21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill $2it 5"@.U;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $21©22: Corn
Meal, $29 50<g30 50; Cracked Com. $30® 31;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans. $30^
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15(^18; Wheat and Oat. $15©
17 50; Oat, $15@17; Wild Oat. $14^16;
Barley. $13315: Stock, nominal—none here; Al
falfa $12(??13 M) per ton.
STRAW— 50@75c per bale
. Beans and Seeds. ,
Beans continue firm for the familiar reasons
' frequently given of late. " The advance In
, Michigan now enables this market to ship to
j points west of the Missouri River, and a fair
I movement In this direction is reported. Minis
I continue firm, as very little rain has thu3 far
I fallen In the Lima districts.
\ Thrre Is nothing new In Seeds
; BEANS— Bayos. %'i. 35@2 55; Pea $3; But
, ten?, ?3 50; small White, $2 85@:t 10: larg»
1 White. $2 50«2 70; Pink, $2 90«:j 10- Red"
. $4 o0(fi?4 75; Lima. $3 25*33 85: Red Kidneys!
• $4 50^4 75; Blackeye, $2 15S2 25 por ctl; Horse
Beans. $2(^2 f,0. '
SKEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 75^4- Yellow
Mustard. $3^3 25; Flax, $1 !<O0l DO- Canary
5<fi5Vic for Eastern; Alfalfa, UfjrUftc- Rape'
lVifi:2c: Timothy, 6@«4c; H*mp " :«K<S34c per
lb; Millet. 3@34c; Broom Corn' Seed 120021
j per ton.
j DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was an active market for table Pota
toes and prices for Oregon and river Burbanks
were higher, supplies being scanty and
controlled by a few dealers. Same
j dealers were asking $1 20 per cental
j for choice river Burbanks on the wharf.
I but no sales were reported at that figure. A
1 steamer falls due from Oregon to-day with
! about. 3500 sacks, and it is expected that fancy
I stock will reach $1 50 per ctl. Two cars oi
I fln.» Nevadan Burbanks were offering and sales
were reported at $1 35 per ctl. Two cars of
1 Sweets were marketed since Monday and
cleaned up well at a firmer rate. Receipts of
Onions were more liberal than for some little
while back, but supplies were controlled by a
few dealer*, who were firm In their views, and
both Oregon and Nevadan were firmly held at
higher rates. The steamer clue from Oregon
to-day will bring 10S0 sacks.
Receipts or Asparagus were 12 boxes, the
heaviest thus far for the season, and prices
declined sharply. Three boxes of Rhubarb
came In and sales were reported at 124c per
pound. Yesterday being Tuesday, receipts of
southern vegetables were light, but carried
over Etock was offering freely and several de
scriptions were quoted lowsr. Mushrooms con
tinued abundant and ruled very weak at lower
prices, with most dealers selling by the box.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1^
1 15 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 25@1 40
per Ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 15fll 20 per ctl; River Reds, $1 per
ctl; Garnet Chiles. 90c<ffi$l C3 per ctl; Early
Rosp, 95c$$l 05 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes $2 "5
p»r ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 60@2 65 per ctl for Or
egon and $3 for Nevadan; Green Onions, 60@
fi5c rer box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 25@10c per lb-
Green Peas, 5<?8c per lb; String Beans. 124®
20c per lb: Wax. ; Tomatoes from Los An
geles. $1 25@1 75 per box or crate; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1@1 50 per box:
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50@75c per dozen for
small and $l<tri 50 for large: Garlic. 5®6c per
lb: Egg Plant. 2O(p.'5Oc per lb: Dried Peppers, i
5<3<?c per lb for Stockton and IOQIZ^c for |
southern; Dried Okra. 10«ll24c per Ib; Green j
Peppers, 2r>«30c p»r lb; Mushrooms, S®15c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@25 per ton; Hub
'bard, ?15 oer ton.
Poultry and Game.
r, -, . .
The Poultry market was In good shape, there
being no Western offering and the receipts of
domestic were moderate. There was con
tinued firmness in all description!*, fine large
young chickens especially being In demand,
and occasional lots of exceptionally fine stock
sold above the quoted rates. A car of Western
was marketed on Monday ' and cleaned up
quickly at good prices. Another car falls due
to-day.
Arrivals of Game were all more or less taint-'
ed owing to the warm, close weather and prices
of most descriptions were lower, no reasonable
offer belns refused for very poor stock. Snipe
and Honkers were nominally unchanged, very
few being received.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 18S21c per lb;
live Turkeys, 15®17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2t?2 25; Goslings. ; - Ducks. $5 50®6 50
per dozen' for old and $fl 50ig7 R0 for young;
Hens. $0 50$f7 50 for large and $5 5O0B 50 for
small: young Roosters, *R 50i?7 50; old Roos
ters, $5 MXH^Sfc Fryers. $6@6 50; Broiler*. $30
5 50 for large and S4 50® 5 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25<?tl 50 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 50
for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese. $2 B0iJ?3 per doz; White
Oee*e. . 50cfi$l: Brant. $1 for small, and
$2 for large: Honkers. $5 for large and $4
for small: English Snipe. $3; common Snipe.
$1 50; Rabbtts. $1 50<e2 for Cottontails end
|1©1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1. j
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
' The slow decline In Butter continues and
the feeling was weak yesterday, as the mar
ket was burdened' with the accumulated re
ceipts of three days. AH dealers were anxious
to sell, and some of them were overstocked.
Cheese shows a further shading in the in
side quotations. Very good Cheese is now
selling down to 94c, and the market Is as
heavily supplied ■ as ever. The, demand I*
still poor. - - " . •
:_ Eggs are lower again. Large retailers ar»
advertising ranch at 25c. which, with the lib
eral and Increasing receipts common at th's
time of the year, is rendering the markel very
weak. Stocks are heavy. The range in prices
continues very narrow.
Receipts were 133.K00 lbs Butter, 1970 cases
Eggs and 9100 lb« Cheese. . .
-BUTTER— Creamery at first hands 25c for
extras. 23©24c . for first* and 22©224c ' for
seconds; dairy. 18«l22c: store Butter, nominal*
cold , storage. 21<S22c ■ for extras, lS@20c for
second* and 16«8 18c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 04@llc for good to choice new I
and SS°c for. lower grades; Younc Americas.
. 1040114c; Eastern. 15316c; Western. 14©15c
per 1b.
I EGOS— Ranch. 23624c; •tor*. 22®23c per
dozen.
! Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' Supplies of Oranges continued far In excess
[ of the demand, but the market was moderately
active en local account, as the warmer weather
I seemed to encourage buyers. . Dealers were
I purchasing more on siie than on quality. large
I sizes only being- wanted. Prices of fancy large
, were marked up. as the hign prices paid a!
I the auction sale on the preceding day neeesst
) tated correspondingly high prices In the open
market. Six cars were offered at the auction
j sale, and. despite the rain, the attendance was
I good. ■ Fancy Redlands fruit sold from $1 30
| to *2 30. the top price being obtained only for
; 50 boxes of OCs. while a lot of 97 boxes of 112s
! eold-at |2 15. Ordinary fancy sold at $161 45.
I choice at 75c@$l 30 and standard at 50c®»l.
\ Six or seven cars will be auctioned to-day. AH
other Citrus fruits stood as previously quoted.
RIpo Bananas were in good supply and un
changed. The steamer Sierra brought up 1416
bunches from Honolulu and three carloads of
Central American came in Monday. There
was nothing new to report In Apples or Pears.
APPLES — $1 75f?2 per box for extra fancy:
$1 25®1 50 for ordinary fancy. 85c<@$l for
choice and 60675c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage (re
packed). *2 6C@3 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 2562 50
per box for fancy. 'T.'cRSl 25 for choice and 50c
©II for standards; Seedlings. 50c©$l; Tan
gerines. 50c«$l 25 per box; Lemons, II 75iQ2 50
' for fancy, $1 25@1 50 for choice and 75c<f$l for
! standard; Grape Fruit fl 25«2 25; Mexican
[ Limes. $C<g6 50: Bananas. *1H?2 p«*r bunch for
I Hawaiian and *2fi2 50 for Central American;
i Pineapples, $1 B0itf2 50 per dozen.
I V ' —■ ~ —
j Dried Fruits,\ T uts,Raisins,Hone\.
I
! Fruits rule firm, and price* for almost all
1 kinds are rather higher. Stocks of everything
except Prunes and Raisins are light. More
firmness in Prune* is reported from the East,
and holders are rather confident of obtaining
better prices before long. The movement In
I Raisins continues light. Honey Is dull and
■ rather lower. Nuts are steady at about
j previous prices
I FRUIT— Apricots. 7U«?104c for Royals and
9<S12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4 l i<9
5%c; sun-dried. 3%@4Uc; Peachea. 507c;
Pears. 8©U4c; Nectarines. 44f|3>»c: Figs,
white. ."®4c in boxes; black, 4'.ic; Plums, pit
• ted 6®9o per pound.
PRUNES— UHKJ crop, 24©2*«c for the four
sizes.
; RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades,
50-Ib cases — -2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5V»c per
, lb; 3-crown. 5^c: 4-crown. 64c; Seedless Loose
! Muscatels. 4Uc; Seedless floated. 44c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose. 5*»c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4 He; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 54c- Layers, per 20
! lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3: 5-crown
i Dehesa clustery. J2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
j $2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
; tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-ox
j cartons, per lb. ~%c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. V>%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb. "He;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb, 74c: choice 12-oj
' cartons, per package, 6Hc: choice bulk car
f tons, per lb. 7^4c; l&-oz cartons, seeded Seed
' lings. Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
i seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 5»ic; bulk.
' seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 6*ic.
I NUTS— Walnuts, Xo. 1 foftshell. 13Higl4e;
No. 2 114#12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13S134c;
No. 2. lKSll'Ac; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOVjc for I X L. lO^ic for Ne Plus Ultra and
*i->»c for Lansuedoc; Peanuts. »WS7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll«13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5C«5; Chest-
I nut?, 5<57c per lb.
i HONEY— Comb. WQUVjC for white and SH«
; f>4c for amber; water white extracted. 6^
5Vic; light amber extracted. 3*.ifi44c; dark.
,5'.*t: light amber extracted. 4Vi<g4*ic; dark.
BEESWAX— 27<g29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago advanced early, but declined later
on large sales- of long stuff. P.eceipts of Hogs
continue large.
I This market continues quiet at previous quo
tations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. 114c for light medium, 134c for light.
14c for extra light and 10c Tor sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 134c: California
! Hams. 12»,iei:«c: Mess Beef. *10 5Ogtl per bbl;
j extra Mess, *1l 50^12; Family. $12 5O@13;
1 prime M»-sg Pork. $15; extra clear. $24@2*>:
; Mcm, SIS; Dry Salted Pork. 10U@llc; Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
■ per lb. •
LARD — Tlreres quoted at ~%r per lb for
: compound and 974c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins, 104c; 5-lb tins, 10%c: 3-lb
tins. 10*tc. ..
' COTTOLENE — One half barrel. »V»c: three
half barrels, !)c: one tierce. STic; two tierces.
! 8%c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
I Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hop*.
Hops are quieter, both . for 1003 goods and
1904 contracts. There Is very little contracting
going on at the mome-nt. All quotation*, how
ever remain as before.
Hides are quiet but steady, with a fair
movement
! There is nothing doing in Wool and the
trade say that there will not be until the new
clip begins to come in. Quotations remain
■ unchanged.
' HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
i about 4f?le under quotations. Heavy Salted
I Steers 94c; medium. 8%e; light. «c; Cow
! Hides.' 8e for heavy and «c for light: Stags. 6o;
Salted Kip 9c : Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf. |
104c: drv' Hides. 15® 16c: drv Kip. 13c: dry
Calf ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2M?30c each;
short Wool, 40ff?t'5c each: medium. 70®00c: long
Wool ?ltP 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large' and $2<S2 50 for medium. $1 25*31 75 for
small an-1 50c for Colts. Home Hides, dry.
(1 75 for lare^ and ?1 W) for medium. $1{?1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skin*— Dry
Mexican. 31e: dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
' goras, 7."ic; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 33c;
' Finall. 2Oc.
i TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, <c ,per lb; lo.
: 2, S%C! grease. 2%«3c.
i WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaauin Lamhii . 9«J
lie; Middle County. 11012c; Northern Defect
: ive n^filtV: Nevada. 13010c: Oregon, fine. IS®
! 19c: Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS 25W3CC per lb for -California. 1003.
• and 20c for crop of 1904.
; Meat Market.
! The market shows some slight changes
' Cows are somewhat higher and V#al and
' Mutton are lower on the inside quotations.
There Is hardly enough Spring Lambs f°ni
1ns in to quote. Receipts of Mutton are slight
ly Wvger There Is no change In Hogs, as
I the d»mend and supply about balance.
j DRESSED MEATS.
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a« follows: . „_-..
I BEEF 6^137^0 for Steers and BfBHc per
lb VEAL^Lar*e. S«r9c; small. SHfTOHe P«r lb.
MUTTON-Wethers, 9®10c; Ewes. 8H«9^c
Pe LAMB— Fall. 10-ffllc; Spring. 15<5iec.
PORK— Drefsed Hogs, 7@S4c rer Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
i CATTLE— Steers. P^Pc; Ccws and Heifers.
7®Sc: thin Cows. 4ji5c per lb. ,..»'."- - •
CALVES— l«4Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%^5c; Ewes. 4H@4»iC
per lb <*rtf?s weight).
&^2!ES 5 85«r r «0-to 200 lbs. 5K95HC:
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotatlon*.
Gcneral Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5U@5%e spot and 5Hc
June-July; San Quentin. 5.53c; Wool Bags.
32'8."?.' 1 >c : Fleece Twine. 7^©8c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners- Association quotes the following tfrlce
list:
— ~ w a S M
s \i , I 1
FRUITS. 3 » 3. ' "
N 3 f : :
Apples $1 85$1 30*1 20 $1 10
Anrlrntu 1 3d 1 -J . ...
Biackberrlfw 160140 130120
Cherries R. A 2 15 1 90 1 70 1 40
Cherries, white ♦.£ 1^3 tt.lU
Cherries, black 2 00 1^ MM
Grapes • 135 1ZO11O100
v«>iinw Free Peaches 1 4O
lemon CUng Peaches... 1 80 1 60 1 30 1 20
Pears •••• £ w 1 Tal
Plums •— 1 'tt 1 13] 1 05 95
«' "berries 2 60 '2 25 2 10 1 90
gt ra P wberrie, • 2 00 1 73| 1 60 1 40
' CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard. S5c: Green Peas— Petlts pols.
*1 35" standards. 90c; standard, sifted. $1 05;
extra sifted. $1 20; marrowfats. 87*ia
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; New Wel
lington $$: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. |6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $6; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bav S5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rlch
mun'd. $7 30; Cumberland, $11 In balk and
Sli 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14- Welsh Anthracite Egg, S13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $.S 5O per ton; Coke. $11 50®
13 per ton -In bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4lic;
cases regular. 5c; cases, extra large. 3%c:
Eastern style 6c; boneless, 5%c: "Norway."
5%c- "Narrow Gauge." Q v <c: "Silver King."
7 Vic: blocks. "Oriental," 5?ic; blocjca. "Sea
brlcht." 6^ic; tablets. 6^ic: middles, 7©SVie:
fancy boneless. S»ie si ic: pickled Cod. bbls, $S:
plcfefed Cod. naif bbla. $4 "5.
CORDAGE^ — Several descriptions are higher.
The local company quotes ax follows, 60 days
or V4 pe«" cent discount for cash. no. sales un
!der 10.000 lbs: Manila. 14%c; Sisal. 10*ic;
Duplex., 0^c; Bui* Bop«, HU$ll?*c per lb.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fe £3>
•By order of the Superior Court, Department
9, J. T. Murphy, guardian of the estate of
Daniel T. Murphy.
I will sell all tbe stock contained oa taa
premises st 79 CITY HALL AVR,
THURSDAY. Feb. 25. at 11 o'clock.
Said stock consists of about 40 RIGS of every
description. DELIVERY and MILK WAGONS
SURREYS. BUGGIES. CARTS and SINGLE
and DOUBLE HARNESS, ETC. Also th»
sheds and good will of the business and about
21 head of WELL BROKEN HORSES and on*
JACK.
No Limit or Reserve.
S. WATKLN3. Auctioneer.
£* fc* £*
AUCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSE3.
WEDNESDAY. February 24. at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
Every horse most ba as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13 S ©15c nominal for
strictly prime to fancy washed; 124613c for
prime washed: ll^SlZ^ic for good washed;
10H©12^c for good to prime washed peaberry;
9H@l'>*4e for good to prime peaberry; 10S<*
12c for good to prime; atrU> l j'- for fair; 739c
for common to ordinary.
Salvador— lrngHe nominal for strictly prim*
washed; lieiL",c for good to prime washed;
»^©10>£c for fair washed: lCXgrtUc for fair la
prim* washed peaberry ; !>\jiiOe for good to
prime semi-waahed; 10c for superior unwashed;
!»V4©9%c for good green unwashed; 9»i1JlOc for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 7tJ8V»c
for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12'i*il.'l*,c nominal for prime to
fancy washed: »S@llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; gfjoa^c for good to su
perior unwashed; 9*i@10«?e for good to prime
unwashed peaberry
Guatemala and Mexican — M'jtfl.V for fancy
' wanned; 12V4S14\4c for prime to strictly prtmo
■ washed; HH@12Vjc for strictly good washed;
I 10%©ll%c for g0O( | washed; S^eiOc for fair
washed; SVji&OVic for med.um; 7b»c for inferior
i to ordinary: HHt?12i,c for fair to 'prim*
washed peaberry; ii'ifiim,.' for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; U^loc nominal for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATH SB— Stocks are moving off well, bnt
th*re is no foreign demand to speak of. Th*
; feeling U steady. Sole heavy 2o®32c: extr*
> heavy. 30® 40c per lb; medium. 27tt-.»c: light
I 24g2t>c; Rough Leather. 2<KJ2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35Q39c for No. 1 and 21MJ-53c
I for No. 2; medium. 3O0.i7c: light 23#.:r>c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36<^38c; Col
; lar Leather. l.Vulti,- per foot: Trace Leather. 40
@44c; Kip, unfinished 40IS5OC per lb; Veal,
finished. 50§60c per lb: Calf, finished «5c*r*l
per lb; Wax Sides, lfrffl'c per foo«; Belt Knlfs
Splits. 14ftl«c; Rough Splits 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $20©2S per ton; stick.
$15<318 per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled ami
! 47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c "
Bakers' AA. $1 10<91 12; Lucol. 44c for "boiled
; am! 42c for raw; China Nut, 6Oig7Oc per gallon;
; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 5xc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 8flc; natural winter sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil. 6Oe; extra winter strained Lard Oil. S.V:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 7.V;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. «5c: light Herring (ill.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 41c; Salmon Oil. 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil 4<Vi raw Fish Oil 3Sc- boiled
Pa'nt Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
15c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 214c; Astral. 21
Star. 21>4c; Extra Star. 25Sc: Elaine. 27^e;
; Eocene. 24 4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
, bulk, 16c; In cases. 224c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases. 194c: S»i-degre« Gasoline. In
bulk, 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 8Sc per gallon In cases an-1
S2c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead, 64^
7c per lb; White Lead. 64®7c. according, to
' quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $4-1®U for local nee and
$42 50(^43 80 per flask for export.
SALT— There Is no further change: Balps.
$1 40; Dairy $8 50^0 per ton; Granulated.
$9 50@10; Half Ground. lOO-lb bags. $4 50:
! do 50-Ib bags $5; Rock Salt. $4 23 In 10O and
$4" 50 In 5O- lb bags; Genuine Liverpool. $14.
$1." and $ltf per ton in packages of 224, 100
and 5<> iiw respectively.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. tn 100-lb hags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
Gronulated. fine. 5.30c; I>ry Granulated, coarse.
5..TOc: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(1041-lb bags only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
5.30c; Magnolia A. 4.90c; Extra C. 4.80c: Golden
C. 4.70c: "D." 4.60c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Oc mnre: 5O-Ib bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
5.*0e; boxes. 6.05c; H. * E. Crystal Domlnos.
8.30c per Ib. No orders taken for lesa than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary Mies US'?? 19: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $10<S23; Lath. 4
fe»>t, $3 73*94: Pickets. $171J25; Shingles. $2 for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes, lit for
split and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $32'334.
Receipts of Produce,
FOR THREE DAYS.
Flour qr sks .. 8. 44^ Feed, sks IT
Wheat, ctls 5-tOiUme bbls .... 409
Barley ctls 7.155 Chicory, bbls... 10
Oats ctls 565 Tallow rtls ... 247
Corn' West, ctls 600 1 Pelts No. 2SO
Bean's, sks 5.024 1 Hides. No «45
Potatoes. »ks .. 5. 150; Sugar, ctls .... «.53o
Onions sks ... 1, 100 • Raisins bxa .. 1.S0O
Middlings sks.. 275 Leather rolls .. 175
Hay. tons 1,108, Win*, gals 73.«tt>
Straw, tons 74jPaper. reams .. 1,291
Screenings, sks.. 200'
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3SO|
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. 17,512 1 Bran, sks ..... 5.311
Oats. ' ctls 632'Short?. sks .... 67S
Potatoes ska .. 903!
AUSTRALIAN.
Wool, bales 480|
STOCK MARKET.
Business Still Flat, With Very
' Few Fluctuations.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange the only
fluctuation worthy of note was a> decline, in
Alaska Packers to $1.17. The market was
neglected. The other exchanges also exhibited
a light business.
The Consolidated St. Gothard Mining: Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment of 5c per share, delinquent March IS.
The Butte County Canal Company has levied
an assessment of 10c per share, delinquent
March 22.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 23—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. -i .
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. 107 — Us qr cp n«wl33\ 4 133 x «
4s qr reg... — — |3:< ur coup. .106 106«i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDa
Ala A W Bs. — — O T Co 6«. — 1194
Bay* CPC 6s.lO8%lC44 D o 5s ....109 —
Cal C G 5s. — 104Vi Do con 3». — 10.14
Cal G A. E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75 .
m A ct 5s. — 104 Ora Cabl« 0s. 121 124
Cal-*t C Ss.liatt — Pac u fa l». M 9S
C C Wat 5».10O — P B Ry 5a. 105 1C5'4
Ed L t P 6B.123 131 P * C H 6s.lO3 —
F&CH«s- — 120 P&OR «8.118 —
Geary-st 5s.. 454 »0 Powell-st 6b.112«, —
H C&3 54S.1W — I Sac EG«R5s 99^100
Do 5s .... 9S%1004 BF & SJV Bs.lW —
Hon R T Cs.JOe — Sierra R 6.*. Ill 411214
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 8s
LARy5s..— 114 <19«J»> 1084 —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) t«ij -
Do gtd ««. — — S P of C «a
Do gtd Bs.lO3»il054 <l!X»)Sr A.l(Uti —
LAP lem Ss.10041024 <19C5)Sr B.104%103^
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6% — (1906) ....107 107^
Do lem 5s. — 11«U (1912) ....US —
MV* MtTSs. — 112 SPC 1 eg 5j. — —
NRR of C6s.l0641°74 Do stmpd.lOS-^lCOJi
Do 5s — 113 S P B R «s.m — ,
N P C R 5S.105 — S V W 68.107 —
N C Ry 5s.. — 114 Do 4 a 2dm. 5» 10O
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 09 W\
N 8 R R Rs. — 1CW{ Stkn G4E «s — luO
O G LAH Ss.108 — ;U G & E Ss.105 —
O W gtd 5i - 89 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— 41 |Port Costa.. — — .
Marin Co... — 63 iS V W Co. » 40
QA9 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 34 — S F G A E. 57% 58
Mutual EL.— 12 jStkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 65 — 1U G A E. — 31
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
SFOAE.— — T
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 — I
BANK STOCKS. *
Am Ntl Bk. —,,125, L P * A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 87 Vi — Mer Trust... — 225
Bank of Cal.429V. — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 1474 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — I ''--'.,
SAVINGS BANKS.
f... SAL. — 2300 Sav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sar.lOO — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav V. — «50 •*-.*■■-,
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. = 200 jPresldio .... - 41
t.»ary POWDER.
Gunt KVj «1%! Vlgorit ..... 34 —
HaM p Co. — 40c Kilauea S C. — S
Hawaiian C. 444 — Makawetl C — . —
Honokaa S C 11 12U Onortea S C 23 29
Hutch S P C 8 8% Paauhau S C 11 11 H
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
1516
B'NII B'RITHS
CLOSE SESSION
New Officers of Order Are
Chosen and Installed for the
Current Term of One Year
GRAND LODGE THANKFUL
Joint Committee Will Select
a Site for the Proposed Hall
and Proceed to Build at Once
At the session of the District Grand
Ludge of the Independent Order of
B'nal B'rlth yesterday the following
named were elected officers for the cur
rent term of one year:
M H. Wascerwitz, president; Hu?o K.
Afhrr, first vice president; Upr.jarr.ln Sohlogs.
wcond vice prcsidmt; 1. J. A<=< hheim, secretary
(re-elected, seventh term); Benjamin Harris,
m-asurer <re-electe<!>: L.. nhlioh, serceant-at
ervnr; Sol Myerf, meseenijer; Pr. S. P. Kahn,
chief medical examinrr; J. Platacfcek. Max
M«rcu*fi and Simon Hochsstadt, trustees, the
lat-t named re-ci#oted for the eleventh term;
.T. Greenrb&um. l»avl<J S. HirshbetT. M. 1-.
•Artier. I- L.. Solomon and Henry Schwartz,
district court.
It havintr been decided that the as
sociation shall sell the Eddy street
property and secure another site upon
•which to erect a new hall in San Fran -
Cisco it was decided that the matter
should be left in the hands of the ex
ecutive committee of the Grand Lodge
to act in conjunction with a special
rommittee of eleven, one from each of
the city lodges and one from the Oak
land lodRe, this joint committee to take
immediate measures to carry out the
■wish of the srand body. The following
named constitute the special commit
tee:
William Saalbure of Ophir Lodge: H. Mau
t-er. Modin; L. Ehrlich. Pacific; M. Marks,
Montcflore; 3t. Heineman. Columbia; Joseph
Oohn. Golden Gate; Simon Wolff. California;
fol J. Levy, t'nity; H. Guttstadt. Cremieuac;
F. t^perlinK, Occidental; D. S. Hirshberg, Oak
land.
The Grand Lodge made liberal ap
propriations for the maintenance of the
B'nai B'rith library at Los Angeles
and the one at Portland.
•The committee on the care of orphans
of late members of the order will con
tinue to care for such orphans.
The committee on state of the order
presented a report in which it expressed
the thinks of the grand body to the
Governors of States, public officials and
liberal minded men and humanitarians
within the jurisdiction of the Grand
Lodjre. for their sympathy in the mat
ter of the massacre of Jews by the
Russians at Kishenev and their willing
ress to sign a petition in protest.
An amendment to the laws was
adopted providing punisnment for any |
member that entered or may enter the '
order under false representation.
The new officers were Installed by A.
Elkus. after which a set of silverware j
was presented to Wallace A. Wise, the j
retiring president.
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is JS.50. A. B. Smith Co.. 132
Ellis st. «
Called to fcacrainento.
The Rev. Dr. J. T. Wills has received
a call to the Westminster Presbyter
ian Church, Sacramento. The new
fdifire will be opened in April, when
Dr. Wills will take charge. Then will
follow the dedication of the new
church building and installation of
the pastor.
o ADVERTISEMENTS.
If You Must
As Crowds Did Yesterday
BUT COME
We are going to drive on Carpets - and Carpet prices till every
householder and every home builder in San Francisco and all those
who buy in the San Francisco market are supplied. We are the big-
gest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast; therefore, the best is
brought to us and offered us at the lowest prices.
HAQ^flPKQ Two hundred left. Made of Wiltons,
BlMOOUOl\O Brussels and Axminsters.
Only two to a customer, T*?|>
and only while they last \f%J\P
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS -r 0 ;
dining room, hall or stairs. In richest of colors — floral,
Oriental and Persian designs, two-tone reds and greens, ft ELf*
Tapestry Brussels, by the yard, sewed, lined and laid "*J V
BRUSSELS An eIe " ant car P et in elegant designs
and an}' number from which to choose.
Small patterns on deep shaded grounds in reds and
greens, wood colors and light tans. Brussels, by the 7^?P
yard, sewed, lined and laid . . ■ . -. . * O V
EXTRA BRUSSELS <£^££.
wood colored scroll on tan ground, reds and greens. Every '
harmony in carpet patterns and a wonderful array of QfJ/I>
them. By the yard, extra Brussels, sewed, lined and laid vVV
VELVET CARPETS r^:S2!
soft, high-pile velvets in small, deep-set designs, and in _
ail the colors and color changes of artistic combination. Q^\ A
By the yard, Velvets, sewed, lined and laid . ... . v*JU
MATTIl\!fi$5 They are 30c a yard or •■ $6.00/ a- roll
■ /-»■ iflii\#u since the war be2aru But we got our
supply, expecting the war, and you can have them, '
wholesale, in small 20-yard rolls, the size of an it O 7^5
average room, by the roll \p&f£ \J
L I M 0 i_ F U 1^ 2 yards wide, made of the best
IHVLLVITI pulverized cork and linseed oil, damp-
proof and durable; a number ot patterns from which to
choose, and every one of them desirable in every way. AE\£*
Linoleum, bj the sguare yard, laid HI.O V
"The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post Street
WORK OF CHARITY BOARD IS FULLY
DISCUSSED AT ANNUAL CONFERENCE
Last Day's Sessions of* Third- Yearly. Meeting Brings Forth Number
of Interesting Talks and Papers on Subject of Juvenile Crim
inals and the Deplorable Condition of State Institutions
The third annual State Conference of
the California Board of Charities and
Corrections came to a close Jast night
at the First Unitarian' Church. A
more brilliant session, replete as
it was with interesting papers
on scientific subjects and subjects of
general interest concerning the State
institutions of California, has never
been held by the organization.
Some of the most eminent students of
medicine, heads of charitable and pub
lic institutions and Organizations, law
yers, ministers and members of the
bench took part in the convention, pre
senting to the assemblage addresses and
papers on subjects of wide interest. The
aim of the convention was to secure
information as to the best way in
which to govern charitable organiza
tions and institutions, yublic institu
tior*-f houses of correction, hospitals
and :>Iaces of confinement for the crim
inal classes. Much discussion was had
«n the subject of the child criminal,
how to curb the criminal instincts in
the young and how to reform them
after their incarceration resulting from
some criminal act.
Able papers, addresses and discussions
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24/ 1904.
THREE OF THE LEADING SPEAKERS AT THE CLOSING DAY'S SES
SIONS OF THE ANNUAL STATE CONFERENCE OF CHARITIES
AND CORRECTIONS.
were given on the subjects of juvenile
offenders and juvenile courts. The City
and County Hospital came in for a
vigorous censure, and the condition oi
the jails of the State was the theme
for much discussion. The members ol
the conference listened to some instruc
j tive papers on these various subjects
and are now equipped with the neces
sary information to go forth and pre
vent or minimize to some extent these
evils as they exist in California.
AIMS OF ASSOCIATION'..
Yesterday morning was given over to
a discussion on "Associated Charities
Problems" by representatives of the As
sociated Charities of the State. Paulina
Wetzlar Dohrmann read an interesting
paper. In part it was as follows:
Our aim was and is to relieve all deserving
cas*s of destitution and. If possible, by en
couraging thrift and industry, raise the needy
above the need of relief; to prevent indiscrim
inate and duplicate alms-giving; to reduce pau
perism and vagrancy; to make employment the
basis of relief, so that, wherever possible the
needy may be made self-sustaining and eelf
rrsptcting, the children to work rather than
loaf and beg.
To sccomplisli this requires not only the
co-operatUn of the different benevolent so
cieties and the Board of Supervisors, but' the
Individual support of all who are - interested
in the work of relieving deserving cases' and
exposing and preventing relief of the impos
tors and undeserving.
Our field Is bread, our work one which re
quires constant watchfulness and energy. Our
methods are briefly as follows: , '
AVe investigate thoroughly all applications
for relief and in cases requiring immediate ac
tion grant BU'jh relief fittingly and promptly..
I3y investigation we ascertain the cause of
distress and, if possible, try to remove . the
sam«, to make th» dependent Independent.
We keep a record of all oases Investigated,
showing result of such investigation and cause
of destitution, and expose deception and fraud.
That there be no misconception I In regard
to the distribution of the county, funds let
me state that we are not an organization of
consolidated, charities to divide the county,
money, but to control and oversee (by co-'
opeiation) 'Its Judicious distribution; : so that
the best result may be obtained with a'nitn-'
Imum amount, and the chronic . indolent" and
poor— the impostors— exposed and denied.
Emma Ross Gilman of Santa Bar
bara andseveral other leading workers
for charity from different parts of the
State took part In, the discussion.
W. Almont Gates, secretary of the
California State Board of Charities and
Corrections, at the afternoon i session
delivered an excellent paper on "State
Boards of Charities and Corrections."
In part it was as follows: •
WORK OF CHARITY BOARD
Members of State Boards of Charities are :
appointed by ; the Governor, they draw no
«ali.ry and have no patronage, hence the places
are not sought for by politicians. For-, these,
reasons uninent men. willing to. give their
time in the interests of humanity, have .filled
these boards. Their duties are:
First — To investigate tne whole system of
char!Ue3 • and corrections in the State.
Second — To inspect an penal and charitable
institutions of State, county and-citv..
Third— To advise with the managers of
these institutions as to improvements in meth
ods, needs and abuses.
Fourth — To report to the Governor and Leg
islature the result of their Investigations and
recommend desirable changes. It ' Is not the
duty of the board to right wrongs, but to re
port them to Uie power that can right them
Kifth— To publish Mich data, statistics and i
general information as will inform the pub- !
lie hp to the system of charities, the tn«tltu
tlons ar.d their management; remove suspicions
where unjustly founded and publish • abuses
when necessary. Their powers for reform are
education and publicity.
What have these boards accomplished? •
For the pauper: They .have secured better
care and treatment for the thousands who have
become helpless by «ge and disease. They have
placed in the way of self support thousands
of others who, from mental weakness were
improvident or unable to set themselves to
work.
For the insane: They have gathered the
insane from almtaouses, Jails and great 'bas-
> I tiles, and placed them in hospitals where
. 1 thousands haw been restored to their right
; ralnds. or in honits where they can receive
i r that care which their unfortunate condition
> ! demands.
For the feeble-minded: They have collected
!;the feeble-minded childrrn into schools, where
;i the little intelligence they have can be. drawn
! out and developed, and have segregated and
'; furnii-heJ care- for the feeble-minded adults
i j who uoulii otherwise be Increasing the mass
: of degmerate population.
'j . . . THE CHILD IX COURT..
: I For the criminal: . They have fostered those
: measures for stopping the' child at the thresh
. hold cf crime by juvenile courts and probation.
[ -They have besn influential in changing the
system of punjyhmsnt for crime, inherited
, ; from the '' dark age», ."a system which pro
; j)Os>ed to avenge crlrne", an tye for an eye, a
I tooth tor a tooth, which in practice was meted
; out in double measure, to a system which
j .treats a crfma aa a disease and has for Us
J purpose the protection, of. society only. Under
; this system the instruments . of. bodily tor
i ture have disappeared and in their place have
J come books and schools. - They, have estab
i lished training schools for Juveniles, reforma-
I tories on a graded -merit system for first of-
I fender?, a parole system for all classes, and
j the advisory pardoning board. They have also
j secured the indeterminate sentence and the
r habitual criminal act, whereby the criminal
i who h&s passed hope- can, for the safety of
I society, be held until his death, and yet the
door for the regenerated may be always opaned.
. For the public: They have economized the
expenditure of public funds and have increased
results; they,' have kdopted means for pre
venting the increase .of dependents by seeking
out and purifying the source of supply; they
have Improved tho service of county and city
charities, corrected the indiscriminate giving
at relief, and have in a large measure stopped
the pauperization of the able-bodied lazy.
In. general: State Boards of Charities have
collected masses ' of facts from many fields,
classified and reduced them to a science; have
ameliorated the sufferings of thousands of af
flicted- men, women; and children and ele
, vated -their moral plane; have opened the
well spring of .philanthropy, inspired a higher
j Ideal of civic duty. • a stronger sense of moral
j responsibility, ii deeper feeling of the universal
brotherhood of man. . .
JAILS BREEDERS OF CRIME.
I . Rev. J. K. MfLean, D. D., of Oakland
spoke on "The County Jail." Dr. Mc-
Lean referred, to the county jails of
California as breeding places for crime,
saying in part: •
.The criminals' should be segregated. The
practice of placing all of the criminals in
touch with • each other Is a bad one. % One
quarter of the criminals receive their educa
tion and acquire criminal instincts .■while,
confined In the Jails. | This Is particularly true
of ths boys. They are thrown in with a lot
of hardened criminals -and -learn to regard
them a3 Ideals, when they listen to stories
of crime. ! As Judge Llndaey hag. said, a ten
days' sentence of a boy -In an ordinary jail
is .tnouKb. to..flx..many a boy's destiny with
the criminal class. .It Is the congrenate sys
tem that ,1s so injurious to- the characters of
the prisoners. 'Most of the < Jails of California
are Hrst- class, schools for education in crime.
Jails are -dens, 'as they now' are kept; and
It Is not to much the fault of the Sheriffs and
Supervisors as It is • the fault of the people
who do not- take enough interist in the welfare
of the community -to investigate and attempt
to curb crime* .... . , ■._ .
The subject of. jails was next dis
.cussed by Charles M. Finch. Osgood
Putnam then read a paper on "Proba
tion for Adult Offenders." In part it
was as follows:
At the last session I addressed you upon the
subject of the probation law for adult offend
ers, and this conference recommended ' the : pas
sage of such a law; In the Interim such a law
has been passed and now awaits enforcement
at your hands. The law is permissive and will
only be:i)ut Into effect where the community
ami the bench take It up. At present the only
court that has put this ' law ; into effect • is : in
Alameda County. Funds must be obtained for
the salary of the probation officer, from chari
table persons or. Institutions, before the law
can be put. into effect elsewhere.
PROVISIONS OF THE LAW.
The provisions of the law are that the court
shall ' appoint a Probation Officer who, upon
the arrest of any personVfor crime, shall gather
careful records of his entire history, ready , to
present to the court. * If the person then pleads
guilty or Is; convicted the court. listens to the
recommendation of the 'Probation Offlcei/if toe
SEARCH MADE
BY COMRADES
Sergeant Major Henry F. Walls
Is Gone From Presidio and
Is Supposed to Be Drowned
GOLFERS LOSE G^UKDS
Annual Inspection of Ninth
Cavalry Will Take Place on
Green Turf of Links To-Day
The disappearance of Squadron Ser
geant Major Henry F. "Walls, Ninth
Cavalry, from the Presidio Is causing
much uneasiness among the colored
troops at the post. Where he is or
what has happened to him nobody
connected with the squadron knows.
It is now nearly ten days since he
has been seen by his comrades. Pre
vious to that time he had been seek
ing the flowing bowl pretty freely, and
for the first few days after his dis
appearance it was thought he had
gone downtown to finish his spree. As
time wore on and he failed to show
up, a diligent search of his favorite
haunts was made, , but without suc
cess. Yesterday a rumor reached the
post that a fisherman had stated that
the day before, while he was coming
in from sea, he had seen the body of
a colored soldier floating in the bay
with some sort of yellow braid on
the arm of his coat sleeve, which, from
the* description, corresponded with the
chevron worn on Walls* uniform. The
fisherman stated that' the day was
rough and stormy and the light dull,
and that before he could . put about
the body had disappeared. This may
possibly be a solution of the mystery.
An examination of Walls' accounts
and effects showed everything to be
in order, the only thing missing be-
ing a pistol
Walls was very popular with his
company. He was in the battle of
Santiago de Cuba, where he fought
valiantly and was severely wounded.
CAVALRY TO USE LINKS.
Colonel Sedgwick Pratt, inspector
general of the division of the Pacific,
and Major J. P. Wisser, artillery in
spector, began their annual inspection
of the cavalry and artillery post of
the Presidio yesterday morning. The
day was devoted to inspection of the
records. I
The cherished Kea of Major Bigelow
that his troops should be allowed to
maneuver on the golf links will be
realized to-day, weather permitting. The
order has gone forth from headquarters
that the inspection of the cavalry shall
take place on the ground now occupied
by the golf links. Heretofore the ma
neuvers and drills have taken place on
the lower parade ground and on the
high grounds back of the point, neither
of which was fully adequate for the
whole squadron. The lower grounds
have been turned into a slushy lake by
the recent rains and the point grounds
are too small, hence the edict has gone
forth and the cavalry will prance over j
the soft green sward of the links. The j
c«e» fit to recommend a suspension of the sen
; ttnee. The i*-rson is then allowed to go back
! to his home surroundings under ihe amhorlta
i tive but kindly control of the Probation Ofrt
! c*r. He must reaort to that officer continu
! ously during such period a? the court sees fit.
If he fails from grace and returns to evil hab
' its or associatte the officer on his own motion
• brings ' him into court and he is thbn sen
tenced. If. en the contrary, his conduct Is
i good, after the probationary period he is dis
: charged.
TUe real purpose- of law should be the re
formation of th? criminal and the protection of
society; the result of the present treatment i3
that the man is macie worse instead of better.
Kxpericnce shows that th? prr^ent punishment
! docs not act as a deterrent for MmseK' or
' others; that at his discharge he takes society
j by the throat more viciously than ever. The
; true object la defeated, and at an enormous
' expense to the state.
j ' Dr. Samuel G. Smith of Denver read a
j paper on "The Child as a Social Prob- ;
lem." Dr. Smith has made a wide I
, study of the child problem in regard to .
' crime, and enlightened the conference j
I' with a valuable address. •
"Juvenile Crime", was the subject of j
a paper by Herbert W. Lewis, superin- I
tendent of the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety.
"Some Points Regarding California's
Aid to Dependent Children" was the I
last subject discussed before the con- I
ference. The paper was presented by j
W. S. Melick, secretary of the State j
Board of Examiners. ,
JNO. J. FULTON CO. :- 'S : >:*
Chronic Kidney
III £» /\ n cy £j^
A WELL informed physician com-
presses a lot of information into this
short sentence that should be given wide
publicity — viz.: "All diseases of the kid-
neys are primarily inflammations — they
get serious as they become fixed or
chronic."
The Kidney trouble that is recent — of
a few days' or a few weeks' duration — is
seldom serious. "But if it lingers several
months it is becoming fixed (chronic),
and nothing but a cure for Bright's Dis-
ease will correct it.
Few know that. All ought to. Well in-
formed druggists do, and many of them
have given us direct certificates right in
point. For instance. Druggist N.
Schwartz of McAllister and Buchanan-
stated only last week: "Fulton's Com-
pound is the only thing on my shelves
that I can conscientiously recommend for
Bright's Disease. You have the or.ly
thing known that cures chronic Kidney
disease."
We have more letters every week than
we can publish, but here is a late one
that illustrates Schwartz's statement. It
is from E. E. Young, who writes from
112 Dearborn st., Chicago, under date
Feb. 19, 1904: v
- "The writer has triea your remedy for
Bright's Disease, purchasing it from the |
Colbert Drug Co. of State and Monroe i
sts. Ho knows from experience that it is I
the, most meritorious and effective rem- j
edy he has ever tried for Kidney trou-
ble."
This letter almost seems as if it was
written for this article, but it came in
due course, the same as dozens that are
received weekly. We do not invite testi-
monials except in purely chronic cases
known to be ; incurable by .all other
known means.
If you have any Kidney trouble what-
ever why not start right at first with the
only thing known that will cure it in all
its stages? .
Ask for Fulton's Renal Compound for
Bright's i Disease. At all first-class drug-
gists' in this city and at one leading
druggist's in interior cities. Jno. J. Ful-
ton Co.. 409 Washington st.,. San Fran-
cisco. Sole Compounder. Pamphlet and
list of agents mailed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ n .-,_,-,_ m , 1 rn-i'i-i~i ~-»"».r» ri.rn i~i n. i~i in
\
Commencing lo-flau, and
continuing all Die tolance
of tMs montli, we will
have a Special Sale of
LADIES' FINE MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Inspection to-day will be conducted by
Major Wisser and will begin at 9
o'clock.
CHANGE AT HOSPITAL.
Major William P. Kendall, who has
been commanding officer at the general
hospital at the Presidio for the last two
years, has been ordered to Ord Bar
racks, for which post he will leave
early in March. During his stay at the
Presidio Major Kendall has been in
strumental in getting the Government
to make many improvements there, the
principal one being a new operating
pavilion, which is now almost com
pleted. It is fitted with every modern
appliance and is second to none in the
"United States. Lieutenant Colonel
George H. Torney, deputy surgeon gen-
eral, will relieve Major Kendall.
The Twelfth Infantry, which is sched
uled to saNl on March 1 on the transport
Sherman for Manila, will begin arriving
here to-day from posts in the different
States where the members have been
stationed. They, will go into the Sibley
tents at the entrance to the Presidio
until I their departure for the Philip-
pines.
The transport Thomas sailed from
Nagasaki on Monday for Honolulu with
the Eleventh Infantry on board. ,
Mrs. Fair, wife of Lieutenant John^S.
Fair, squadron adjutant. Ninth Cav
alry, will leave to-day for an extended*
visit to the Eastern States:
S. HOMER HEXLEY MARRIED
TO MISS~ GRACE CORDEL.L.
Weil-Known BUrytone Singer and
Club 3Iembcr Takes to Wife Popu
lar Young Lady.
S. Homer Henley, the well-known
barytone singer, was united in mar
riage last night to Miss Grace Cordell
at the residence of the bride's mother,
1202 Haight street. Dr. George Adams
of the First Congregational Church
bound the matrimonial knot.
Only a few of the friends of the
bride and groom were present at the
ceremony. After the wedding the
party indulged in a delightful repast.
The newly wedded couple will take up
their residence at 113 De Long avenue.
The-groom is the son of M. J. Hen
ley, a prominent broker in the Starr
King building. He is one of the best
known concert singers in the city, a
•member of the Press and Family clubs
and soloist at Grace Episcopal Church
and Temple Emanu-El.
Miss Cordell is a brunette of strik-
I ing appearance and the daughter of
Mrs. Smurr of 1202 Haight street.
Medical Student In Trouble.
George C. Taylor, a student at the
College of Physicians and Surgeons,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day by Deteqtivea Fitzgerald and Gra
ham on a charge of petty larceny. He
is accused of having stolen a dress
suit case and its contents on January
25 from the locker of -F. G. Reese. He
was arrested in Point Arena and
brought to this city.
Court \of Appeals Judgments.
Judgments and decrees of the lower
courts were affirmed yesterday by the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
in . the following cases: Socrates
Quicksilver Mines vs. Carr Realty
Company and Mary E. Roberts vs.
Central Trust Company.
Reduced rates on household roods to & from
the East & South. Bekta's, U Montgomery «U •
! These are the terrr.5 of \JL
| payment on our hijjh-
grade suits, overcoats and tt\g|
trousers. You will find \\1
i the highest srrade .of VI
' t goods and workmanship in all [f
; ! our garments at whatever y
price you pay. And you will |
; find our §
i $1.00 a week terms |
J as low as cash prices else- K
j where. Many men who have U
formerly paid cash for their !■
i | tailoring now deal with us in pi
this way. &
j* Open evenings until 7. Sat- s
urdays until 9 p. m. ?>''
I Tailoring Co., |
850 Market Street f.
Rooms 1, 2. ?>. 4. r
I Dollar Teag
I Premium Ail coffees.
I Free " " spices
§3 with Each w «-*u n. j r
§ worth Powder
I ft are Beauties q
k *k cusan d kinds /M
a s|f to Select from. *^j|
I if It Pays to P
I L Trade at J
I Great American Importing Tea Co's
y •"' Stores
3 881 Market 210 Grant «t. 1419 Polk
B 140 Sixth 1519 Devfeadero 706 Larkin
B 473Ha!srht 3006 Sixteenth 355 Hares
M323S M!3ska £21 Montar'y a-re. S3 Market
H2008 FTlhnore 2319 Mission IK Ninth
g 366 Third 2733 »4th 4g> Fourth *
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE GRANTED
W. X. HESS,
Notary PnbUo and Attoxs«y-at-&«v».
Tentb Floor. Room 1015. Claus Sprecktla bide
Telephone Main 983. *
Residence. 1802 McAllister sc
RMldeac* Telephone Pa«« S6U. _j