THE WEATEEtt.
rorccatt made at San Fran
cisco fcr thirty hours ending: at
midsig-ljt February 12, 1904:
Ban Fr&nclsco and vicinity —
Bain rriday; trisk to hig-h
southerly winds.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO 71.
THREE JAPANESE TORPEDO BOATS SUNK WITH HEAVY LOSS
OF LIFE IN ATTACK ON RUSSIAN FLEET AT PORT ARTHUR
JAPANESE FLEET IS SAID TO HAVE RENEWED BOMBARDMENT
LONDON, Feb. 12. — In a dispatch from Shanghai dated February 12 a correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says: "The bom
bardment of Port Arthur continues. Three Russian cruisers have been sunk. The Russian-bank building has been destroyed. There
have been disturbances at Port Arthur in which a number of Japanese civilians, were killed or imprisoned. A Chinese mob has de
stroyed the telegraph line-around Newchwang."
JAPANESE TROOPS LANDING AT CHEMULPO FROM TRANSPORTS, CONVOYED BY CRUISERS AFTER LATTER DEFEATED TWO RUSSIAN WARSHIPS
Czars Forces Repulse Attempts of the Enemy to Land
Troops for Investment of Muscovite Stronghold.
CHEFU, Feb. 11. — Out of the four Japanese tor
pedo-boats which made the first attack on Monday night
at Port Arthur three were sunk,, with great loss of life.
The fourth was a 28-knot boat and escaped. The Japanese
torpedo-boats effected an entrance to the outer harbor by
using Russian signal flashlights. Consequently the Rus
sians did not fire upon them.
I have heard the following account of the first sur
prise from a Russian naval officer: The battleship Pallada
was on the outside edge of the Russian fleet and r on duty
lhat night. The chief artillery officer noticed four tor
pedo-boats approaching with full lights and in all respects
jike Russian torpedo-boats. The officer informed his cap
tain that the approaching boats, were Japanese. The cap
tain denied this and said they were built, in Port Arthur,
The artillery officer insisted that they were, Japanese and
the captain became angry, saving:
"I am in command of the ship, sir."
The San Francisco Call.
Spcciai Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Despite this the artillery officer gave orders to*pre
pare for action. ■■■..• ' ~ -.
Immediately. afterward the Japanese launched a:tor
pedo, but -the 1 Pallada was able to retaliate instantly 'and
the other Russian ships cleared for action.
It is reported now that the Japanese attempted a land
ing near Bedzero, eighty miles* north'of Port Arthur, but
were repulsed with heavy loss. They again tried to effect
a landing at Talienwan under shelter of the fleet, but, ow
ing to the strong firing from the fortifications they were
unable,' to succeed. It is said that one Japanese shiphas
been torpedoed.
. . The British merchant ships in Port Arthur have re
peatedly, applied for permission to leave port/ but this has
The Cesarevitch was towed into the harbor there at- 3
o'clock 1 on Tuesday afternoon. , It. is said* only her outer
bottom was penetrated by the Japanese torpedo and the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, . FEBRUARY 12, 1904!
Russians are now busy repairing her. She can be repaired
in two or' three davs. The Pallada is still outside and
beached. She must be seriously injured^ but she is now
also being repaired. She is the only one of the torpedoed
vessels now outside.
• : A-shell struck a : hospital ship outside the basin dur
ing the, bombardment. > The captain's cabin and chart
room were blown off, "but there was no loss of life, as the
sliipwas only recently purchased and was unmanned.
• The foreigners in Port Arthur were notified at 7
o'clock on Monday night that they had twenty-four hours
[in .which to clear out, but British steamships there have
■been] forbidden to leave. One, German 'steamer. arrived at
Chefu to-day, the first to get here from Port Arthur since
the Columbia; reported here after the battle. She brought
news that the reserves had been called but. On Wednes
day/the "Japanese tried to land at Pigeons Bay, near Port
Arthur. ', ; Thirtyrsix Japanese* vessels were then there. It
is not known if the attempt: succeeded.
TBS THEATERS.
Alcazar — "The Gay Parisians.**
California— "A Uisrfct on Broad
way."
Central— "In Siffht of St. Paul's."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Alexander the
Fischer's — "Boly-Poly."
Grand — "Whoop-Dee-Doo."
Crpheum— -Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marchinar Home."
Thousands of persons are leaving Port Arthur dailj
by train. There is not even standing room in the cars.
At 4 o'clock this afternoon the Russian transport
Smolensk and torpedo-boat No. 211 entered the canal.
Torpedo-boat No. 222- has broken down and is repairing
The Russian ruble has gone down 24 per cent at
Chefu among Chinese merchants.
General Tchichikoff- has taken supreme command of
the Russian troops in Manchuria.
There is a strong northeasterly wind blowing at Che
fu, rendering all, communication by ships impossible. Many
Chinese boatmen have just been drowned before my eyes.
"It was impossible to save them, owing to the violence
of the waves. The storm may capsize the stranded bat
tleships at Port Arthur, causing them to block completely
'the harbor entrance, but it also will compel the Japanese
fleet to retire.
WAR NEWS CONTINUED ON PAGES .'2 .AND 4.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
RUSSIA DEFIES GREAT BRITAIN BY DECLARING PROTECTORATE OVER THIBET
NOTE OF HAY
SATISFACTORY
TO JAPANESE
Tokio Welcomes Plan to
Preserve Integrity
of China.
Not All of the Nations
Are Ready to Make
Prompt Reply.
' WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The move
•made by Decretory r Hay in connection
with the proposed neutralization of
China has aroused the greatest interest
in. diplomatic circles here, , and in con
t-equencr, this being the regular weekly
diplomatic day, many more than the
us tit I number of Kmbassadors and
Ministers called at the State Depart
'snent. It is understood that while, as a
matter of courtesy, the representatives
J;ere of the powers signatory ■ to the
i'eking treaty were informed by the
Secretary of the nature of his proposal,
ytt this was only for their information.
"The Secretary ts negotiating directly
with the European Foreign Offices on
this subject through the reEident Amer
ican Emtassadois and Ministers.
• It was said to-day that sum.', but not
all. of the countries addressed had re
i-Sied. and that these replies were gen
erally favorable and satisfactory. As
tome doubt- was expressed in certain
*4uart?rs as to whether Japan would
consent to be. bound in the manner
Iiroposed. it can be eaid that such in
formation as the State'Department has
on the subject Is to the effect that
Japan would welcome an international
agreement neutralizing China.
An intimation has been thrown out
that one reason for this apparent sacri
fice by Japan of the prospective fruits
of victory, if she succeed in her cam
raign. is a fear that some of the great
neutral powers may grow covetous of
more Chinese soil and seize the oppor
tunity when the belligerents are ex
hausted to extend their Chinese hold
ings.
One of the incidents of diplomatic
day, which was witnessed with interest
in the neighborhood of the diplomatic
room of the State Department, was the
meeting of the Japanese Minister and
the Russian Km'oassador. Count Cas
rini was chatting with the Russian
< - har?e; Takahira was alone. The Rus-
Fian bowed with marked politeness and
formality when he perceived the Min
ister— not once, but twice; and the
Japanese returned the bow in like man
rer. Wirhout speaking, they parted.
R^sardinc the criticism of Baron
Hayashi <>n Secretary Hay's note to the
powers, it can be stated that the word
• 'Manchuria" is not used in the note,
rior has th» State Department author
ized any interpretation of the note so
as to specifically include that province,
though the State Department will not
be led into a discussion of details at
t.iis stage of the negotiations. By a
fcigh official it was said to-night, that
the powers agreed to pres?rve the in
teprity of China in 1900 and that it was
not specified how much of China was in
cluded in the general term. Secretary
Hay's note merely follows the lines of
the principle then enunciated.
RUSSIA WILL REFER
AMERICAN NOTE TO
ADMIRAL ALEXIEFF
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 11.—Secre
tary Hay's note to the powers has at
ti acted much attention in diplomatic
circles here. Any movement having
for its purpose the limiting of the
scene of hostilities Ms received with
sympathy, but in certain quarters the
practicability of the action suggested
is questioned. A prominent diplomat
expressed surprise to-day that the pres
ervation of Korea was not included in
the rote.
The wishes of the United States have
bttn communicated to the Russian
Oovernment and presumably also to
Japan. At the Foreign Office the press
learned this afternoon that no responses
had been made and it wes considered
extremely doubtful whether Russia felt
herself in a position tn make any dec
larations now, as these might hamper
her military operations. The question
■wast said to b«? one for th" military
authorities to decide and the repre
sentations of the United States, which
are understood to be couched in the
most courteous terms, probably will be
referred to Viceroy Alexieff.
Newspapers her* do not fully under
stand the purport of the note and re
gard it as an attempt at mediation,
the bare ruggestion of which, while the
country is smarting under the sting of
defeat, creates irritation.
The VednxnoKti points out that the
United States should have initiated a
Joint action a fortnight ago to restrain
Japan and that it is now too late.
Furthermore, Russia, after her experi
ence at Berlin, has had enough of in
ternational congresses.
The following clause in Secretary
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
Hlgh-Qrade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agent*.
DEBUT OP ODR^MODELS
FOR SPRING AND SUMMER
ARE NOW PRESENTED
FOR YOUR APPROVAL
YOU WILL FIND AMONG
THIS CHOICE COLLECTION
SOME SMART CLOTHES.
K e a r n y S t r e e t
Thurlow Block
Hay's note is considered here to be im
portant:
"Proposing joint representations to
Russia and Japan to prevail upon them
to circumscribe the war operations as
far as possible with a view to prevent
ing disorders in China which might
threaten international trade and to the
preserving of the integrity of China."
The prompt declaration of the neu
tiality of the United States, although
ei pected as a matter of course, lias
niad° a good Impression here. The bit
terness against Great 'Britain, already
great during the negotiations between
Russia and Japan, Is assuming most
alarming proportions. The supposition
that Great Britain evacuated Weihai
wei to 'give Japan a base has called out
the deepest indignation, which has been
Btill further Inflamed by the publica
tion in Great Britain of a blue book
on Tliibet containing the offensive
Lingua ge of Lorrt Lansdowne. Even
in If-Ks Ftirring times this would have
caused a public sensation.
TEXT OF SECRETARY:
HAY'S NOTE IS MADE
PUBLIC IN FRANCE
PARIS. Feb. 11.— The Temps says
the fallowing is the substance of Sec
retary Hay's note to the powers on the
subject of '.he neutrality and integrity
of China: >
"Consult with the Government to
"vl.lcn you are accredited, with the
view to learning if. in order to avoid
t:.e possible outbreak of troubles in
China and to limit the prejudice of
war on neutral commerce, it will not
be proper to respect the neutrality of
the administrative entity of China."
Mr. Hay's phrase, "administrative
entity." is not clear to the officials
here, but they say he does not seem
to m-jan the "integrity of China."
May. Affect Beet Crop.
SANTA BARBARA, . Feb. 11.— The
determination of several hundred
Japanese of Santa Barbara County to
sail as roon as possible for Japan In
order to offer their services to the
Japanese Government has caused
fears as to the successful handling of
the beet crop, which supplies the bij?
sugar factory In the northern part of
this* county. Hundreds of Japanese
are employed in the beet fields and at
the sugar factory. A large number
have already quit and engaged pass
age on the first eteamer for Japan.
Britain Shares Japanese View.
LONDON. Feb. 11.— With regard to
Secretary Hay's note to the powers on
the neutrality and integrity of China
the British Government, the Foreign
Office says, sees no-reason why the
proposition regarding China proper
should not be Joined in by all the pow
ers, but the Government shares the
views of Baron Hayashl in regard to
Manchuria as expressed in these dis
patches yesterday.
. Well Received in Vienna.
VIENNA, Feb. 11.— The note of Sec
retary Hay has created a favorable im-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12^ 1901,
pression in diplomatic circles here and
Makino. the Japanese 'Minister here,
has expressed his satisfaction with it.
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT
WILL FORM A THIRD
SIBERIAN ARMY CORPS
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 11.— The
Minister of Finance has issued a cpm
municatlon which warns the people
against becoming panic stricken and
sacrificing the securities they hold, as
thereby they will benefit only the spec
ulators. The Ministry exhorts the peo
ple to remain icaUn and collected re
garding the events In the Far East,
which, while they may create tempo
rary difficulties, cannot shake Russia's
economic power. It points out 'that
stocks fell at the outbreak of the
Russo-Turkish war, In 1877, but that
within a fortnight quotations recov
ered. This experience, it says, is now
being repeated.
The note of the Finjfnee Ministry
had a good effect. On the Bourse 1 Rus
sian bonds recovered 2 per cent and
rentes and other securities improved.
Orders have been Issued for the form
ation of a _third Siberian army corps
and a trans-Baikal division of Cos
sacks. These will be incorporated in
the Manchurian army.
Rigid censorship still prevented the
newspapers this afternoon from receiv
ing war news from either Russian 'or
foreign sources. No news has been
received since Viceroy Alexleff's dis
patch* and the public consequently is
still completely in the dark. All man
ner of rumors are afloat. The Govern
ment, however, has taken measures to
counteract their publication, forbid
ding the retailsale of the principal of
fender, the St. Petersburg Gazette.
The Government expresses great dis
pleasure at the publication of the re
port of a Russian victory and the rais
ing of false hopes among the peoble.
Nevertheless the rumors circulated
verbally are\greedlly swallowed. Ac
cording to one report here the Russian
armored cruiser Gromoboi recently
sailed out of Vladivostok, destroyed
twenty Japanese transports off South
ern Korea and was herself sunk by the
Japanese cruisers. Another story
claimed that four of the Vladivostok
warships, under Admiral Stackelbers,
had sunk four Japanese transports.
The most circumstantial story cur
rent In St. Petersburg is a report of the
sinking of the Russian cruiser Variag.
off Chemulpo.
Still another is to the effect that the
recent Japanese attack on Port Arthur
was a feint to protect the passage of
transports bound to Shanhaikwan to
land Japanese troops there and effect
a conjunction with the forces of^ Yuan
Shi Kal, the Chinese commander-ln
chlef, and attack the Russians in the
rear..
These are but samples of the reports
current in the Russian capital.
All of the naval officers In St. Peters
burg this morning attended ; a service
at the Church of St. Nicholas..
The tone of the press comment ; to
day was bitter against Japan; which is
POSITIONS OF THE RIVAL LAND AND NAVAL FORCES
According to a Tientsin report five Russian cruisers from Vladivostok bombarded Hakodate, Japan.
on Tuesday.
Reports from Shanghai and Nagasaki t«H of a renewal of the bombardment of Port Arthur. It is
variously stated that three Russian ships have been sunk and that the Japanese hnve ' captured seven
Russian shins. . Crv
The Russian Baltic sea fleet of fifteen warships started yesterday % for the Far East, intending, to
pass through Kiel canal. :«»*V^
The blowing up of the bridge on the Manchurlan Railway is confirmed. ,:.-.
The captain of the Variag, a Tokio .dispatch says, remained onboard his vessel after the crew es
caped and blew her up. ..
In the night attack on Port Arthur three of the Japanese torpedo-boats were destroyed with
The Russians have repulsed attempts by the Japanese to land troops near Port Arthur..
Insurance risks against a war between Great Britain and;' France within six months are being of
fered In London. *
* : :■.*'■';•>••- \ - - V ■ . — • . . ■ i :■.'"- .— •" -
perhaps significant. &•%-' .Ji
The report circulated here that the
United States has offered her good ser
vices is commented upon only by the
Novosti, which emphasizes the previ
ous statements that intervention is
impossible, and says it doubts. whether
the offer, of good services in the strict
est' sense would have .any result; The
paper adds that it considers it strange
that tho United States has made a dis
tinction between China and .Korea,
which, it points out, is also an: inde
pendent "country.
Repeating the charge that the Japan
ese attack on Port Arthur was made
from Weihalwei, on the north coast of
the Shantung peninsula, the Novoe
Vremya to-day bitterly assails Great
Eritain. -* Vv" : ;,>.v?
"In allowing Japan to use the harbor
as a base of operations." says the No
voe Vremya, "Great Britain violated
the. fundamental principles of neutral
ity. Weihalwei must re regarded
henceforth as part of Japanese terri
tory and Great Britain has forfeited
the right to participate In any deliber
ations over the eventual ' fate of the
harbor."
The Novoe -Vremya further holds
that. the case is analogous .to that of
the Alabama: and says Russia is enti r
tied to demand compensation from
Great Britain for the losses she has
sustained.. . ' .
CAPTAIN MAHAN SAYS
JAPANESE VICTORY
WAS NOT DECISIVE
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— "About all
that can be .said now Is that, while
the Japanese have won the first bat
tles, it does 'hot settle anything," re r
marked Captain T. Mahan, In
discussing .the I usefulness of the tor
pedo-boat in warfare, as shown" by |the
news from Port Arthur.'
"There : is no absolute defense against
attacks of the. torpedo boat. Great vig
ilance — In, face, a constant state of
siege f , the * use of ; torpedo nettings and
other apparatus— may minimize the
damger . to a fleet,; but it has, always
to expect that unexpected lunge that
it has no parry for.
"As to the engagements nff^Fort Ar
thur, they do not^ settle anything.
Neither side, in the light of my pres
ent information, has been sufficiently
damaged to venture the statement that
it has weakened." » ,■-,.!: ''; -*-j
LONDON HAS REPORT
OF DESTRUCTION OF
ENTIRE RUSSIAN FLEET
LONEJON, Feb. 11. — A telegram to
Reuter's Telegram Company from
Tokio, dated 7:10 p. m. yesterday, says
an unofficial report was current there
that the Russian fleet was destroyed,
four battleships and three cruisers- be
ing sunk, and that two Japanese war
ships were damaged in an engagement
yesterday off Port Arthur, the Jap
anese getting between the' Russians
and the entrance of the harbor before
the fight commenced. .. -■ . _■•>.
A special dispatch from Port ' Ar
thur says the Japanese fleet attempted
on Wednesday, to land men in several
bays in the neighborhood o£ ; Port Ar
thur under the protection of 'the guns
of the cruisers. It is asserted, how
ever, that all of the attempts. were. un-'
sucessful. . .
■ The St. Petersburg correspondents
Reuter's Telegram Company, cables
that the naval headquarters staff an
nouncesthat in the fight at «Port" Ar
thur six Japanese ships were slightly
damaged and that fifty Japanese were
killed and 150 wounded.. . v:;
A dispatch to the St. James Gazette
from Tokio under to-day's date says;
"There are great rejoicings here at
the successes of the Japanese -.navy,
The public buildings, residences and
business : houses are decorated,; with
flags. Bunting Is to be; seen every
where. Tokio wears -the 'aspect of a
city of conquerors.'* .
A number of Russian bluejackets
who swam ashore after the Japanese
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take . Laxative ■ Brotno .Quinine . Tablets. - All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
e. W. Grova'a slsnature ia on eacJj box. 25c •
attack on the Variag and the Korutz
have been made prisoners.
■ « Reports from- Chemulpo say that
both the Variag and Korutz hoisted
the white flag at the last minute.
The Reuter Telegram Company's
corespondent in Tokio, in a dispatch
timed 9:15 i>. m,, yesterday, says:
"Details of the Chemulpo engage
ment received here says- the captain
of the Variag remained on board his
ship and blew her up after the crew
escaped. Part of the crew, swam to a
French ship and others, got ashore.
One report says. the French warship
notified the Russians of the Japanese
approach.. The' Korutz engaged, the
Japanese- cruisers first, ... while the
Variag protected the transports. The
Korutz was soon destroyed."
The dispatch adds: "Tokio -wit
nessed a smaller Mafeking celebration
to-niaht. Thousands , of students pa
raded'the streets.'acompanied by many
bands of music, and carrying torches,
flags, colored lanterns and transparen
cies emblazoned" with war pictures.
National airs were sung and cheers
were continually given. The various
processions surrounded the palace wall
and visited the Government offices.
•"The Russian" legation overlooks a
square .where thousands of people had
assembled to -witness' the celebration
of ,the Japanese victory, but the win
dows of the legation were darkened.
The crowds are orderly. . The British
residents of Tokio were cheered wher
ever they appeared."
The St. James Gazette correspondent
at .Chef u 'cables that, in anticipation
df.the ; return of the enemy's fleet, the
Russians at Port Arthur are adopting
extra defensive 'measures. Workmen
and troops are. taking down high brick
buildings which,- it is feared, would
fall and cause loss of: life in the event
of a Japanese 'bombardment.
A special dispatch from Tientsin
confirms the report "that the Man
churian Railroad has been blocked by
the blowing up of a bridge on the line
and that thirty Russians were killed
in the explosion.
George Westlnghouse warmly advo
cates the overhead 'trolley rather than
any of. the other forms of electric
transmission for transportation pur
poses. , v .
CZAR TO BALK
GREAT BRITAIN
IN FAR EAST
Will Oppose Extension of
. ,the Sovereignty of
King Edward.
Sensational News Given
Out by a Swedish
Diplomat.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
BERLIN. Feb. 11. — Reports are
current in German military quarters
that Russia has declared a protecto
rate over Thibet. Count Taube." the
Swedish Minister in Berlin, is confer
ring with the Foreign Office with ref
erence to Swedish fears of complica
tions between Russia and Great Bri
tain. Because of this expectation
King Oscar abandoned hla trip to>
Rivera.
Sweden expects that the British
would seize the island of Gotland, af
ter a shor.- of Swedish resistance.
Thereupon Russia would be likely to
declare that Sweden had violated, its
neutrality. •.. ■■*>'-■■
German naval experts regard Japan
as having already proved its superior
ity over Russia at sea. Count von
Reventlow said:
'The final issue must be decided on
land. Therefore the main object of
the Russian fleet should be to prevent
the transportation of Japanese troops.
That the Russians permitted them
selves to be attacked unawares at
Port Arthur shows that their strategy
is second rate and their watch ser
vice inefficient; in other words, they
are fatally unready for action. If the
Japanese continue to disable Russian
battleships their command of the sit
uation will be absolute, enabling them
to land troops at will."
At the Admiralty here officials are
awaiting hourly tidings of a decisive
engagement off the east coast of Ko
rea, .between the Japanese and Rus
sia's Vladivostok squadron, which is
reported to have sailed to attempt a
conjunction with the Port Arthur
squadron.
A dispatch to the Vosaische Zei
tung from Yokohama says the greater
number of the Russian warships at
Port Arthur have already been dis
abled and that several Japanese war
ships have been sent home for re
i pairs.
CRUISER DESTROYED
BY JAPANESE WAS
BUILT AT CRAMPS
The cruiser Variasr, which was byilt
at Cramps' shipyard. Philadelphia, -In
1893, \v\is of steel and unsheathed.
She was of 6300 tons displacement and
her indicated horsepower was 20,000.
On her speed trial she made twenty
two knots per 'hour for eight hours.
She was 400 feet long, 52 feet beam
and had a depth of hold of 20 feet.
The Variagr's armament consisted of
twelve 6-inch quick-firing guns, twelve
12-pounder quick-firing guns, eight
3-pounder quick-ftrers. two 1-pound
ers and six torpedo tubes, two of
which were submerged.
The Korutz was built in Stockholm.
She was of steel and was 206 feet in
length, of 35 feet beam, 1413 tons
displacement and 1500 Indicaled
horsepower. Her speed was thirteen
knots. The armament o"f the Korutz
consisted of two 6-inch, four 1-pound
revolving cannon and two torpedo
tubes.
CHRISTIAN EXDEAVORERS
31 AY CHANGE PLANS
Holding of the Convention In Balti
more Next Year Now a Matter
of Doubt.
BOSTON. Feb. 11.— The national
officers of the United Society of Chris
tian Endeavor, who already were
planning for the twenty-second inter
national convention of the society, to
be held at Baltimore in July, 1905.
are uncertain whether the fire will
make necessary a change. A consid
eration of the matter is not yet pos
sible, pending definite advices from
the society's representatives there.
Out of 346 cases of smallpox in Chi
cago sent to the isolation hospitals this
year eighty-nine were unvaccinated
children under school age. and. four
teen of these died.
DR. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
Get My "B00R, If Sicfc
Don't Send a Penny] j
Don't send a penny. . '
Just wait ttil you j-e what I an do.
Let m«pke the ritk. Let me prove up first *h« t ur.
Snoop's gntoratiTe on do. The Restorative will f*fc»
Tdur friendship, your endorsement, if too test it > or •
whale mcfcth you can use it without the sl«htest risk.
, I will tell you of * drusffitt near vou who will furnish
sh'oottlVM Dr. Shoop s Restorative a morfj» on triaL
i: I will abiohttelv stand sU the con U it tails 11 you
.«»T, " It did not help me," that ead» it »s tar ncost tt>
/oil Is concerned. Do you understand me. 1 I am tell
b^ttasphinr*. as clearly as I can. I want you t*,
Cnpar absolutely and without doubt that this offer 1*
ftiadem honor- 1 ha»e tha pr«*crrp t V>P "•• cures.4
My only problem is to convince you^hat *Dr. Sheep'*
Restorative will care— is an uncommon remedy. A
conNnc* remedy could not stand a last like thu. If
»oul4 bankrupt th< pnysirfaa 4ukina> ti» offer. And
I am succeedinc evemrtae ami here S the seecet of
my succt**. 1 found invariably that where there was a
weakness, the innide nerves were we3k. Where thcra
waaabekof viahty, the vita) nerves lacked power.
Where weak orrans were found. | always found weak
nerves. No; the nerves commonly Iboufht of but ft*
rial o«T»ns' nenres. The inside— the tnviiibu Mrm.
This was a revelation. Then my real success btxitk.
Then I combined. Jncredienu. that would strefcgthcn,
that would vitalize, thes* nerves. TharpreicrtpMon I
oiled a nwtoratW*. It U known t!ie world ©*er now
•s Dr. Shoo/ s Restorative. Tbounnd* »re acttpdnc
!? o«»T».ni < « nl » 1^ Be » •»<*( forty write* Tio that in»
fctmedy failed, just think oi it. 10 fat of 40 get wift
ind thete are difienh ca.es. too. Aad the fortfcth baa
toihint to pay. Tnat is a record 1 am proud of. It
fi wronr to stay sick when a chance Uk« this i» ooea.
If well. yu« should tell others who are siek. of my offer.
Don'llet a tick friend stay sick because he knows not
of my offer. Tell him. • Cet my book for him. p»
people «eed help. They avprcckta sympathy a*d_aid?
Tellme of some sick friend. Let mJ-pirV him. t££,
I* ? ul ., tn ,? w 1 '? u *™ t»««d« » twth-Bl us. You, re-
.B5jJIdte& 1 ** ****"**• *** *>' *• booRw»5
Address Dr. Shoop. Box S63O. Racine. "Wla.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured with
one or two bottles. At druggists'.
• Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Book 1 on Dyspepsia Book « tar Women
Book 2 on the Heart Book 5 for Men (realed)
Book 3 on^the- Kidneys Book 6 on Rheumatism
At the Doctor's RiskPHYSICIANS
SAY HANHA
IS WEAKER
Realize That Distinguished
Patient Is Losing Ground
as the Direct Hesul* of Fever
* and Administer Stimulants
TAKE PRECAUTIONS
TO INSURE QUIET
Dr. Carter Remains at Hotel
All the Time So as to Be
on Hand in Event of There
Being Call for His Services
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 11. — Senator
Kanna's condition Is very serious, if
not precarious." His physicians realize
this and are watching the case with
the greatest concern. The Senator is
much weaker to-day and as a result
his pulse ran up at 6 o'clock to 104
pulsations to the. minute.
The increased weakness is the direct
result of the fever, as the official bul
letins show there are no complications.
The physicians hope that the fever has
reached its worse stage, but •whether
or not it has, they declare they are
unable to say. They are' simply wait
ing for developments aad realize that
the patient has lost ground during the
last two days. Stimulants have been
jriven during the day and with a bene
ficial result.
The Senator rested well during the
past twenty-four hours. This latter
feature of the case is encouraging to
the physicians. Extraordinary pre
cautions are being taken to insure
c;uiet In and around the hotel, so that
the Senator may get all the natural
Fleep possible. The motormen of the
street cars a block away have been re
quested not to ring their gongs, as the
pudden clanging seemed to irritate the
Senator.
After the evening visit of the phy
sicians the Senator slept for about an
hour and a half, which refreshed him.
Dr. Carter remains at the hotel all the
time so as to be on hand in case there
Is a call for him.
The folowing bulletin on Senator
Hanna's condition was Issued to-night:
"At S p. m. Senator Hanna was rest
ing quietly. His temperature when
taken at 4 o'clock was 102 2-10: pulse.
104: respiration. 28. There has been
no change 'in his condition since the
morninjr bulletin was issued. He re
tains all nourishment given him for
the past twenty-four hours. There are
no complications.
"RIXEY.
"CARTER."
ItECEIVKR IS APPOINTED
FOR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
AiHfricjn Exchange National Bank of
i»yraci!*e I.« dosed by Order of
* National Examiner.
SYRACUSE. X. Y., Feb. 11.— The
American Kxchange National Bank of
this city was closed to-day by National
Rank Examiner Josiah Van Vranken.
No statement of the bank's condition
has been given out. The bank had a
psid-up oacital of 5^00.000. According
tc a recent statement it owed depos*
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 11.— The Comp
troller of the Currency has been ad
vised by National Bank Examiner Van
Vranken that the directors of the
American Kxchar.sre National Bank of
Syracuse, N. Y., voted last night to
close its doors and that it has not been
opened for business to-day. The comp
troller has appointed Examiner Van
Vrankc-n as receiver. The Immediate
cause of the failure is not known.
According to a statement of the
bank's condition dated January 22 Us
resources and liabilities were $906,031*;
capital stock, $200,000; deposits, $237,052.
DROWN IN THE SEA
OFF THE COAST OF LUZON
School Teachers and Their Com
panions Are Lost While Return
ing From a Native Festival.
MANILA. Feb. 11. — A serious
drowning fatality is reported off the
coast of Tayabas, the southeastern
province of Luzon. A number of Gov
ernment officials were returning to the,
mainland from a festival on Alabat
Island in a small boat, when a severe
Ftorm arose, and the frail craft was
capsized. The list of those drowned
includes Miss Burch and Miss Grace
MacRrew, teachers, a contract surgeon
named F. Tetamore. J. Williams, a
physician of the Board of Health, and
tro natives.
POPE PIUS PROCLAIMS
IOS INITIAL JUBILEE
Encyclical Is Issued in Honor of the
Dogma of the Immaculate
Conception.
ROME. Feb. 11. — As it is customary
for each Pope to proclaim a jubilee
daring the first year of his pontificate.
Pope Pius X has issued an encyclical
dated February 2, proclaiming a jubi
lee for February 15, the anniversary
of the proclamation of the dogma of
the immaculate conception a.nd grant
ing three months' indulgences.
Marries a Belle of Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Feb. 1L— J. Ellis
Ensor. a railroad clerk, and Miss Eva
Cook were married here this afternoon
at th«? home of the bride's parents, Mr.
cr.d Mrs. Alonzo Cook- The Rev.
Charles T. Kirtland of the Congrega
tional Church officiated. Miss May
Cook acted as bridesmaid and Robert
K. Leaf as best man. Mr. and Mrs. En
tor took the late afternoon train for
Los Ar.geles.
Falls in Front of a Moving Engine.
SAN PEDRO, Feb. 11.— L. M. Math
*•■:■£, yard foreman of the Southern Pa
c'fic Company, slipped and fell in front
fbf p. moving switch engine this after
r-ccn and had his right leg; cut off near
the hip. He was removed to the South
ern Pacific hospital in Los Angeles.
Matfcews is about 43 years of age and
has been In the employ of the company
for many yecr?. A few. weeks ago he
lcct his wife and two children.
Olcbratc Their Golden Wedding.
FANTA ROSA. Feb. 11. — Mr. and
Mrs. Anton Schalich celebrated their
golden wedding anniversary here to
day, currounded by their seven chil
dren, ♦.hirty grandchildren and one
great-grar.dchild. The entire day
given over to merrymaking and feast-
Ing. A mars was celebrated by the
T.cv. Father J. M. Cassin at St. Rose's
Church,
EXPERTS TELL
OF THE LOSS
Eighty-Five Million Dollars
the Amount of Damage by
Fire to the City of Baltimore
LABORERS ARE AT WORK
Governor of Maryland Refuses
to Indorse Legislature's Ac
tion of Censure on an Officer
BALTIMORE. Feb. 11.— A composite
estimate of the total loss from the fire
from the twenty-five experts of lead
ing insurance companies outside trf
Baltimore places the figures at JS5,
000,000.
Three thousand laborers reported to
Street Cleaning Commissioner Wyckes
to-day, and after each had been pro
vided with a workman's ticket they
were diveded into squads and marched
Into the burned district. Accompany
ing the workmen were hundreds of
carts and trucks. 'By 9 cTdock this
force was busily at work in the debris
piling the bricks and broken timbers
on the sidewalks, where theywere then
loaded Into carts to be hauled away.
Besides this force, 700 railroad work
men under the supervision of contract
ing engineers of the Pennsylvania and
Baltimore and Ohio railroads began to
take down the pillars and girders left
standing around the ruins, which in
their present position constitute an ele
ment of danger. ■ •
Thus the enormous task of bringing
order out of chaos has been formally
inaugurated. The magnitude of this
work may be realized when if is esti
mated that the mere cleaning away
of the debris will cost about $2,000,000.
A number of individual merchants and
bankers have already made definite ar
rangements for the erection of new
structures. Fully a thousand firms
have found quarters in other parts of
the city.
Governor "Warfield refused to sign
the resolution which was passed by the
House of Delegates yesterday censur*
1ns Brigadier General Riggs of the
State militia and summoning him to
appear before the bar of the house to
answer a charge of exceeding his au
thority, and the House rescinded . its
action of yesterday after hearing a
statement by General Rifrgs. The spe
cific complaint against General Riggs
was that he had refused to recognize
passes signed by Governor Warfield
to the members of the Legislature ad
mitting them within the lire lines, but
Governor "Warfie!d said that General
Riggs' refusal was to be commended
instead of condemned.
The following telegrams were ex
• rhanged yesterday between Mayor
; Schmitz of this city and Mayor Rob
j ert M. McLane of Baltimore:
"Hon. Robert M. McLane, Mayor of
Baltimore. Md.: If assistance is want
ed let us know. With sincere sympathy
I and regret San Francisco awaits your
1 call. E. K. SCHMITZ. Mayor."
"E. E. Schmitz. Mayor. Pan Fran
! cisco: Many thinks for kind message
j of sympathy. Cannot yet say what
I assistance will be needed.
"ROBERT M. McLANE.
"Mayor of Baltimore."
Court Holds an Accused Agent,
PITTSBURG, Feb. 11.— Arthur S.
Spencer, who claimed to be an -agent
o£ the Chinese Six Companies, engaged
in looking for Chinamen who had been
smuggled into this country, was held
to-day to the United States District
Court in the sum of $3000 on the charge
of impersonating a United States offi
cer.
'■', ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
' -%- +5 *k W'vrAU 111 I vUl I ivdU
** vllclL LPII I LPiflF DdtK-
Which is it to be? This cold wet weather demands that
p.^^l^^^^^^P lliili y° u settle the question at once. If you are going to get a coat,
; '^^^^^^^^^^SB£- get it NOW and you will really enjoy the cold rainy spell. If
' y° u b u y '* RIGHT. now, you can get a good long warm over-
|^^^^^^^^^S - coat for $8.65 that is really worth $12. JO.
te^^^^^^^^^^fe^^^ We have a number of overcoats that. sold formerly for
f^^^S^^^^^^^ S12.)0. We are closing them out for $8.65.
'^^^ffip^^^P^^l^P Some of 'the coats are black and blue cheviots, 4> inches
Others are rough mixed cheviot garments, >0 inches long,
|^^^^^^^^^^^^ Then there are some top coats in tan coverts and mixed
■■^^^^H e are also seJlin S sorne $12.50 suits for SS.65. We reduced
t^ lem to stimulate trade during February — a month .which is apt to be
I . i§^0^M^^^^^^^^^^m the dullest in the year. To keep our sales up we keep the price down.
i -^^^^-(BSl The suits are single and double breasted garments in blue serges,
' S^^^mS^MW^^^^^^^ black cheviots and fancy cheviots in olive and brown effects.
Mif00£^t\^^ l^^fe^^^^S These are good suits to wear on rainy days. You don't want to
ffMiUM^i^^^^^^^^^^m 1 subject an expensive suit to mud and rain". These are pretty good
! 0W^S^^^^^^^^^^^m business suits even if the price is low.
* ■' Mail orders filled— but be sure and write at once. Please address Dept. L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12, 190*.
GRANTS LOAN
OF MILLIONS
House of Representatives Makes
Provision for St; Louis Louis
iana Purchase Exposition
DEBATE ON THE MEASURE
Objection Shown to Bill by
Some of the Prominent Mem-
bers of the Lawmaking Body
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The jfouse
to-day by a vote of 172 to 103 concurred
in the Senate amendment to the ur
gent deficiency appropriation bill au
thorizing a loan of 54,600.000 by the Gov
ernment to the Louisiana Purchas&.Ex
position, after amending it with respect
to the manner in which the money
shall be paid. ', •. T
The proposition was strongly opposed
in the debate, which covered portions
of three days. There were arrayed
against it some of the House leaders.
Among those voiced their opposi
tion to it to-day were Payne of New
York. Grosvenor of Ohio and Dalzell of
Pennsylvania.
Hemenway of Indiana, chairman of
the Appropriations Committee, opened
the debate with a strong appeal in
favor of the loan. There was no party
alignment on the measure, Us support
ers being composed of Republicans and
Democrats alike.
The House also concurred in the Sen
ate amendment to the urgent deficiency
bill authorizing tests of coal and lig
nites at the St. Louis Fair, and non
concurred In all the other amendments
proposed by the Senate.
PRESIDENT IS CRITICIZED.
Storm In the Senate Over Pressure
From the White House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The Sen
ate was in executive session more than
four hours. Senator Teller in a speech
lasting more than two hours and
filled with incidents where he alleged
the President had encroached on the
Senate in regard to the making of
Federal appointments, aroused a
number of Republican leaders to the
defense of President Roosevelt. Some
of the Republicans agreed with Sena
tor Teller that there have been many
encroachments from the White House
on the rights of the Senate. The po.
litical phases of the debate were
finally eliminated, with the result that
several ' administrations -were dis
cussed and brought under the ban of
disapproval.
The first was the Cleveland admin
istration, in which it was said that the
President used undue- influence for the
repeal of the purchasing clause, of
the Sherman .act. McKInley's"" in
fluence on Republican members of the
Senate for the ratification of the Paris
treaty and President Roosevelt's pres
su7e in bringing about the ratification
of the Cuban treaty and also the in
fluence he has brought to bear' look
ing to the ratification of the Panama
canal treaty were cited as instances in
which the Senate has not been left
free to deal with these topics accord
ing to individual Judgment. The criti
cism was not alone of the 'executive,
several Senators, including Spooner.
Allison. Teller, Dubols, Gallinger and
Platt of Connecticut, agreeing that
the Senate often had insisted on the
appointment of certain men for exec
utive positions against the wish of
the Presidents mentioned.
LONDON. Feb. 11. — Joseph Chamberlain and
Mr*. Chamberlain started for Cairo. Kpypt. to
day on a prolonged holiday. Lady Curzon of
Keddleston. wife of the Viceroy of India, and
their children arrived In London to-day.
FEAR REVOLT
IN HONDURAS
American Consuls Cable That
Trouble Is Braving and That
Many Arrests Have Been Made
MARTIAL LAW PROCLAIMED
Navy Department Will Send a
- Warship to Protect Interests
of the American Residents
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— The State
Department has been informed through
its Consuls that a revolution Is immi
nent in Honduras. Martial law has
been proclaimed and a number, of ar
rests have been made. The State De
partment promptly communicated with
the Navy Department ! upon the sub
ject, with the result that a warship will
be sent to Honduras to, protect Ameri
can interests. '
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE •
or the pacific coast
Navy Department Issues Ordct^ to Of
ficers and Chan-res Ara Made #
\. In Postal Service.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— These or
ders to officers of the navy were issued
to-day: Commander J.B/ Milton, de
tached from duty in charge of the
Twelfth Lighthouse district, San Fran
cisco, February 20,- to command the
Mohican: Commander W. P. Day, de
tached from command of the Mohican
to duty In charge of the Twelfth Light
house district; Lieutenant Commander
H. Rodman, detached from command
of the Iroquois at the *-~val station at
Honolulu to the Asiatic station, report
to commander in chief; Lieutenant
Commander A.* P. Niblock, additional
duty, to command the Iroquois; Lieu
tenant E. Winship. relieved from fur
ther duty, as assistant to the inspector
of steam engineering, Union Iron
Works. San Francisco, aid to report
to senior officers present at those works
for duty as assistant to. the" Inspector
of equipment and ordnance.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed
to-day are: Grace p. Fuller. Ander
son, Shasta County. Cal.; Perry G. Sex
ton, Monroe, Mendocino County, Cal.;
L. J. Grout, Terminal, Los Angeles
County; Charles A. Cavalli, Lahonda,
San Mateo County. .
EXPLOSION OF A GASOLINE
STOVE CAUSES FATAL FIRE
One Woman Is Burned to Death and
Several Others Receive Injuries
■ That May Prove Fatal.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 11.— Miss Jessie
Averill, aged 20, a clerk in a millinery
store, was burned to death and four
others were Injured, one perhaps fatal
ly, in a fire to-day that destroyed a
three-story apartment house at Fif
teenth ' and Harrison streets. There
were many narrow escapes', and sev
eral persons Jumped from second and
third story windows.
The injured: Miss Ida Parish, badly
burned and Injured internally, perhaps
fatally; Miss Lena Snelling. face and
hands burned, serious; Miss Margaret
Shaw, face and head burned, serious:
Miss Minnie Taylor, head arid hand.*
badly burned, arm broken.
The fire was started by the explosion
of a gasoline stove In .Miss AverlU's
room. She was burned to a crisp and
her body fell out of a window, through
which apparently she had attempted
to escape.
ADELAIDE. South Australia, Feb. 11. — The
surplus wheat of South Australia available for
export Is estimated at S.500,000 bushels.
PRISONER
CONFESSE S
THE CRIME
Walter McGuire, Who Was Held
on Suspicion, Pleads Guilty
to Having Stolen Safe From
a Gar Near San Luis Obispo
GOES TO. PRISON -.
FOR FOURTEEN YEARS
Breaks Down When He Learns
That Former Trusty, in
Whom He Confided, Is Caught
While Digging Up the Money
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 11.— "Walter
McGuire,' alias Fred A. McGuire, alias
, Walter* Clark, who was bound over to
the Superior Court January 26 under
the name of "John Doe" for the al
leged robbery on January 21, 1904, of
a- Wells-Fargo Company safe from an
express car near this city, pleaded
this afternoon to burglary in
"the first degree and received a sen
tence of fourteen years' imprisonment
at hard labor in Folsom prison. Mc-
Gulre's confession was cleverly
brought about by the aid of a trusty
in the County Jail, J. W. Riordan, who
gained the confidence of the thief, and
was told where the stolen treasure was
buried. Wednesday night Riordan went
to dig it up and the officers were on
hand. The stolen money consisted of
$385 In" gold, $332 in currency and $40 63
in silver, a total of $757 68. A $300 dia
mond was .also found. The sack con
taining the *noney was buried in a
ravine a mile and a quarter noTth of
town. When Sheriff Ivens confronted
McGuire with the facts of the finding
of the money the prisoner confessed
and expressed a wish to plead guilty
and have the matter over.
McGuire stated in an interview to
day that he bought a ticket for San
Luis Obispo from Santa Barbara and
came ud on the second- section
of No.* 9 as a passenger. He noticed
while in Santa Barbara, that the bar
usually thrown across the front door
of the express. car as an extra precau
tion was not* in place and that one
man had charge of both cars.
Upon reaching San Luis Obispo
McGuire went to the end. of the car
next to the engine and climbed Into
the vestibule from beneath, after "pro
viding himself with a jackscrew from
the engine. When Express Agent Sul
livan went into the other car McGuire
easily battered in the door and en
tered. Once inside he rolled the little
safe over to the side door, opened it
and, watching his chance between
tunnels, dumped the safe out and
jumped after it.
McGuire stated that he then search
ed in the tunnel for something to open
the safe, but could not find anything.
I He went through the tunnel ' and
down to Cuesta, where he broke open
the section men's time box and pro
cured a hatchet. Going back, he took
the light from the entrance to the
tunnel and with it discovered a fish
plate. With the fishplate and hatchet
he battered open the safe.
The wind was blowing hard and
McGuire. says his hat blew off when
he jumped out after the safe. He.
hunted unsuccessfully for an hour and
a half for his hat. He next told of
buying a hat from a hobo, trying to
hire Farmer Cheney to haul him to
'■ town because he had sprained his an
kle when he jumped from the train;
I of burying the money on his way to
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ARE YOUR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousand^ of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
f ■ .
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the
kidneys, but now modern science proves that
nearly all diseases have '.heir beginning in
the disorder of these most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood —
that' is their work.
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or
out of order, you can understand how quick-
ly your entire body is affected, and how ev-
ery organ seems to fail to do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking
the great kidney* remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
, Root, because as soon as your kidneys begin
to get better thev will help all the other or-
gan r to health. A trial will convince any one.
X cheerfully recommend and Indorse the Great
Remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, for kidney
trouble and bad liver. X have need It and derived
great benefit from it. X believe it has cured m«
entirely or kidney and liver trouble, from which
X suffered- terribly. ? .
Most arratefully yours,
A. B. Reynolds, Chief of Police,
. „'_ . Columbus, Go.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted
to continue, much . suffering and fatal results
are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleep-
less and irritable. Makes you pas3 water often
during the day and obliges you to get up
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid-
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints
and muscles; makes your head ache and back
ache, cause indigestion, stomach and liver
trouble, you get a sallow, yellcw complex-
ion, makes you feel as though you had heart
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but
no strength;, get weak, and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the world-famous new kidnev
remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- <swamp-Root is pleasant to take.)
neys that, is known to medical science. If yQU alrcady cQn-
T£ . H ° W J IIld 0Ut , winced that Swamp-Root i.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can pur-
ing about four ounces place it in a glass or chase the regu i ar fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at t h e drug stores evcry-
float about in it. your kidneys are in need of •
'immediate attention, where. Don t make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by „_. c ,„,„ d««» i^. xr-i
physicians in their private practice, and is name, Swamp- Root. -Dr.- kil-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognko in it the . j_. e . r>-»,,,u „„,♦„„ *t\ v-
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- addrcss Binghamton. N.Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
* EDITORIAL NOTE — So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly cur-
ing even the. most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles,
that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a
book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
, book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received frorn men and women cured. The \-alue and success of
Swamp-Root is so <Tell known that our readers are advisc.1 to send for a
sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Rineham-
ton. N. Y., be sure to say you read this generous offer in the San Francisco
Daily Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
-this offer.
town, securing a new hat and giving
away the. old one, buying a ticket to
Guadalupe and being arrested just as
he was about to put himself beyond
all possible suspicion. : ••
McGuire denies that he had any
deep laid plan or accomplices.
McGuire stated that he had received
Information that made him feel worse
than his sentence, and that was that
Riordan. whom he had trusted, had
acted the part of a stool pigeon and
badly deceived him. McGuire was very
bitter In regard to that part of the
matter, but he praised the San Luis
Obispo officers for conducting a clean
search and his attorney. A. E. Camp
bell, for the earnest efforts made in his
behalf and for honorably refusing to
touch the hidden treasure for use In
defending McGuire.
The officers deny that Riordan inten
tionally betrayed McGuire. They say
that he was purposely given the free
dom of the jail because of his apparent
intimacy with McGuire and that he
was shadowed and caught in the act
of digging up the treasure.
McGuire is shown to b/ n ha r d»ned
and smooth crl-rlnal by laving planned
In various ways to escape before meet-
Ing with the trusty. One plan was to
burn his way out through the top of
his cell, another to make a key. and it
Is stated that he plotted .with the
trusty to kill Under Sherin Ivans with
a knife if necessary to make his escape.
He had stolen a pocket full of pepper
which he intended to throw into Ivans'
eyes. A knife was found in the cell.
McGuire's record as given by the de
t=ctlves is substantially correct.
EXPLOSION OF A FUSE
ALARMS OPERA AUDIENCE
Spectators in. New York Theater .Start
From Their Scats, bnt Quiet Is
Soon Restored.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— There waa
much confusion and some alarm in
the dress circle of the Metropolitan
Opera-house last nlsht when, during
the second act of "Lucia" a sheet of
flame and a cloud of smoke burst from
an electric bell at one side of the
main entrance to the circle.
Madame Sembrich and M. Campa
nini were on the stage at the tlms
and both looked startled, as they
clearly could see the smoke. The
members of the orchestra saw it, too,
and there was an instant's pause.
Several' women rose from their seats
and started to enter the aisles. In an
Instant ushers crowded down the
aisles, assuring everybody that there
•was not the slightest danger and soon
restored confidence. An usher said
that a battery had blown out.
MANY CASUALTIES IN
CANADIAN PACIFIC WRECK
Collision of "Soo** Trains Results in
Death of Fifteen and Injuries
to Tvent y.
OTTAWA, Ont., Feb. 11.— A revised
list of the dead, the result of Tues
day's collision of two "Soo" trains near
Sand Point, shows that there are fif
teen dead, as follows: J. Jackson, en
gineer; J. Robinson, express messen
ger; G. Price, fireman; J. Dupais, fire
man; William McCallen, newsboy;
John Toole, baggagemaster; I. Thomp
son, Montreal, "express messenger.
Passengers — Adolphus Zecwin, Hull;
Joseph Cahulut, Hull; Emma Poullet,
Whitney; James Higglns, Ottawa; J.
Cartier, address unknown; M. La
brunt, address unknown. Two shanty
men, names unknown.
Twenty persons were Injured. •
We have a rule not to rubber at pri
vate cars. The owner of the car is
usually modest enough, but the porter
looks bo.. Important that we have re
solved not to gratify him by rubbering.
H SWAMP-ROOT II
pll Kidr.ey.Uver&3i*ider
Mu^^SM IflV T4K S 039, t *O-PT IOTf9 : ; Jv'^
SgfSsSJ tnsnuafala btfora qr ttiti, 3S
t*;£i| M»y Ammracm wA axail 4^1
MM faM udl acrta.* \A fall <tcar IKJ
mm| or mot*. •» tfc* ON would HM
ExaHs kia'«ey^ll»*r,bUJd»T»n<lL'TW| xjfts
BjHjHI *eld traubic* asd 4>io*i«t*{ J^K-?
JBEA B wmtHnm»1 kkinry dbtrkM. &ii^s
P*^ 63 It 1 . pfruAQt to tai£« *x%^.
Bgl DR.'jnLME'R'i'cO., IS
B£| ■ Sold by all Druggists. £$$■
FALLS FROM ' A BERTH
AND IS BADLY HURT
Oakland Woman May Die as Result
of an Accident In a-Pull
man Car.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11. — Mrs.
John Marcovich, wife of an Oakland
restaurant man, is at the Sisters' Hos
pital suffering from concussion of the
brain. Mrs. Marcovich was thrown
from an upper berth in a Pullman
sleeper on the Owl train while on her
way to Join her husband. In rounding
ti curve just this side of the tunnel at
Tehachapi Mrs. Marcovich fell out of
her berth, striking on the back of her
head. The full extent of her injuries
has not been determined and It will
not be possible to know them until
at least twenty-four hours have passed.
The patient has been unconscious most
of the day and while the doctors have
been unable to find any fracture of the
skull the extent of the concussion is
such, as to render her condition seri
ous.
XEW MTSICAL COMEDY
IS NOT AVELIi RECEIVED
"Love Birds," Produced at the Savoy
Theater in London. Only Meets
With Partial Success.
LONDON. Feb. 11. — A musical com
edy called "Love Birds," the book by
George Grossmith Jr. and the music
by Raymond Rose, was produced at the
Savoy Theater last night and scored
a partial success. George Fuller Gold
en, the American music hall artist. wa3
warmly welcomed to the legitimate
stage, and did his best -with an indif
ferent part.
Some women know too much to get
married and others don't know enough.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GROWING ZZT FOPTTZtAXXTT.
Tfca IZora People* Know Ks-xrljro'» Henrf-
clde the Better THar ilia It.
Tha more it becomes known the better
It is liked. One bottle sells two. and
those two sell four. Newbro's Herpicido
is what we are talking: about. It cleans
the scalp of all dandruff, and destroying
the cause, a little germ or parasite, pre-
vents the return of dandruff. As a hair
dressing it is delightful: it ousht to be
found on every toilet table. It stops fall-
Ins hair and prevents baldness. It should
be used occasionally as a preventive to
protect the scalp from a new invasion of
the dandruff microbe. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for saxnplo
to The Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Hare Always Bought
Boars the // /^TT"
Signature of t^ia^rfy, /-&/£&&£
What is even your climate
without a good understanding
between yourself and your gro-
cer, via the cook ?
Schilling's Best is the money-
1 HRHHRffi ' Hr^S
34
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT PROCLAIMS NEUTRALITY OF THE UNITED STATES
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT WILL BE IMPARTIAL IN ITS
ATTITUDE TOWARD THE TWO POWERS NOW AT WAR
Country's Chief Quotes the Law of Nations and Treaty Stipulations Govern
ing the Rights of Combatants and Gives Warning Against
a Violation of Their Terms.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— President
Koosevelt to-day issued the following
proclamation declaring the neutrality
of the United States in the Kusso-Jap
anese war:
Whereas. A Elate of war unhappily exists
Letvt^ti Japan en the one side anu Kussia on
the other Bide; and.
Whereas. The United Statfi are on terms or
friendship and amity with both the contending
powers, and « ;; .'. the p«-rf on» Inhabiting tfteir
eevura! dominion*; ard.
Whereas. There are citizens of the United
.-■..:•.- residing within the territories or do
n'.:n:oiifc of each of the said belligtreiu?. and
larryinK ca commerce, trade or other business
or imrcuits therein, i>rotecteil by the faith of
treaties; and, , .
Whertas, There are eubjoctis of each of the
said belligerent* residing within the territory
or jurisdiction «>f the Initeu States ar.d larry
lng en commerce, trade or other business or
pursuit; therein; and.
Wbe.-eas. The laws of the fnited States,
without intfrioring with the free expression of
opinion and «vmpathy or with the op.-n manu
facture of wle of arms or munition? of war.
nevertht -Irs* Impose upon all persons who may
b* mitfain their territory and Jurisdiction an
impartial neutrality during the exiftence or
tb«? contest ; and.
Whereas. It Is the duty of a neutral govern
ment not to permit or suffer the making of its
%ater» Kubtervlent to the purposes of war:
QUOTES LAW OF NATIONS.
Now there, ore, I. Theodore Hoo«evo!t. I'resi
«er.l o: the l/r.lted BtatM Of America, in orcW
to preserve the neutrality of the I'm ted Mates
end of their citizen* and of persons within their
territory ax.d Jurisdiction, and to enforce tn«"lr
lav,'*, and in order that all persons, being
warned of the central tenor of the laws and
treaties of the United States in thi* behalf, and
cf the lame of nations, may thus be prevented
from unintentional violation of the game, do
bereby declaie and proclaim that by the act
tasked on the 21th oay of April. A. L> 181*.
commonly known as the •Neutrality I^aw.
the following acts are forbidden to be done,
ucder i-evre penalties, within the territory and
Jurisdiction of the United States, to-wit. :
1 _ u-ctptir.£ and exercising a commission
lo serve cither of the eaid belligerents by land
cr by sea against the other belligerent.
2 —Enlisting or entering into the r-erviee of
either of the said belligerents as a soldier or
t - a marine, or seaman, on board ot any vessel
cf war. Jettfr of marque or privateer.
3. Hiring or retaining another person to
enlirt or enter himself in the service of either
of the eald beMisorenta as a eoldier or as a
marine, cr seaman, ca board of any vessel of
war. letter of marque or privateer.
4. — Hiring another person to go beyond the
l:.r.!te cr the Jurisdiction of the United States.
with intent to be enlisted as aforesaid.
5. — Hiring another person to go beyond the
limits of the United States, with intent to be
entered into service as aforesaid.
«; — Retaining another person to go beyond the
limits of the United States, with intent to be
enlisted as aforesaid.
7. — Retaining another person to go beyond
the limits of the United States to be entered
ir.to the s«tv1c£ of the afor<»haid.
i But tfc* said act is not to t*> construed to
• xtend to a citizen of either belligerent who,
: ■ : - transiently within the Vnited States.
*hal!. en board of a road of war which -at
the time of tt« arrival within the I'nlted
States was fitted and equipped as 6uch vessel
« I w»r. enlist or enter himself or hire or re
tain another subject or citizen of the same
belligerent who is transiently within the
United Ptates to enlist or ent«»r himself to
►fne such belllcerent on board such vessel of
war if the United States shall then be at peace
v!th such bellirerent power.)
FITTING OUT OF SHIPS.
8.— Fitting out and arming, or attempting
to fit cut and arm. or procure to be fitted out
er.d armed, or knowingly being concerned In
the ii.roifhir.e. fitting cut or arming of any
ship cr vessel with in'.ent that said ship or
vessel shall be employed In the service of
either of the belligerents.
». — ; • ::• t or delivering a commission wltb
in the territory or jurisdiction of the United
Ftater for a ship or vessel to the intent that
fhe mny be employed as aforesaid.
10. — Increasing or aujrrr.entlng. or procuring i
to be incrf aseti or augmented, or knowingly be- |
(ng concerned in Increasing or augmenting the j
lores cf aijy ehip of war. cruiser or other armed i
vessel which at the t'.rn* of her arrival within
the United States was a ship or war, cruiser
or armed vessel in the service of •■tlher of the
tald belligerents cr belonging to the subjects of
either, by adding to the number of guns cf
such vessels or by changlrg those en board of
her for jruns cf larger caliber or Ly the addi- j
t:on thereto of any equipment polely applicable I
to war.
II. — Beginning or setting on foot or prepar
ing the meaning for any military expression
PC enterprise to be carried en from the terri
tory of the United States against the territory
cr the donr.r.icns cf either of the sail belliger
ents.
And I do hereby further declare and pro
claim that any frequenting and use of the wa
tera within the territorial jur!s»Ilrtion of the
United States by the armed vessels cf either
belligerent, whether public ships or privateers,
for the purpose of preparing for hostile opera
tions or as posts of obsrrvaticn upon the ships
Cf war or privateers cr merchant vessels of the
ether bellig-rent lying: within or being able to
enter the Jurisdiction of the United Stntes.
must be regarded a* unfriendly and offensive
titid in violation of that neutrality which It is
the determination of this Government to ob
t-erve; «ind to the end that th» hazard and in
convenience of such apprehended practices may
be evoi4r«l. I further proclaim ar.d declare that
from and after the 15th day of February, and
<iurtr« the continuance of the present hostili
ties betw^n Japan and Russia no shfp of war
<ir privateer at either belligerent shall be per
mitted t<> make use of any port, harbor, road
stead or r.aters subject to the Jurlslictlon of
the United States, from which a vessel cf the
r.thrr belligerent (whethrr «he rame shall lw> a
ship of war, a privateer <jt a merchant ship)
shall have previously imparted until after the
••tpiraticn of at least twrr.ty-fc.ur hcurs from
the departure of surh last mentioned beyend
the Jurisdiction of the United state*.
If any ship of war or privateer of either
belllrerent shall after the time thi« notiflra
tion tak*s effect, enter any port, harbor, road
stead or waters of the United States, such
vessel *hall l>~ rrquirrd to <1«pnrt and put to
•■•a within twerty-.'our hours after her en
trance into P'jch port. Iiar5x>r. roadstead or
vat«rs. «-xrrpt in rSM of Mre?s of weather or of
h«T requiring previsions or things necessary for
the •u^itt^ro* <,f her crew <ir for repairs; in
either or which cases the authorities of the
lirrt cr of the near»-st port <as the case may be>
that! require her to put to sea an soon a*
! •■«-:;•.► after the expiration of such period
or tweiity-rour hour«. without permitting Iit
to take in supplies beyor.d what mny b<» nec
essary for her imrwnliate use; and no such
vessel which may have be«n permitted to re
train within tho wat'rs of the United States
for the purpose of repair* shall continue
within such i«"irt. harbrr. road«te«d or waters
for a longer period than twenty-four houif.
«rt*r S>t necessary repa'rs shnl! have b«on
completed, unlees rvithin such twenty-four
h^crs a. veFscl, whether f-hip of war. privateer
cr merchant ship or ether b*-lllKer«-nt *fcal!
have der»rt*-a therefrom. In which case the
tini-2 limit for the departure of such ship of
v»r or privateer i-ball be extended so far as
may Jx» necrs«ary to secure a n Interval of not
Je»« than twenty-four licurs b"fwrpn such <Ie
panur? snd that cf any ship of war. privateer
eir merchant rV.lp cf the o?hcr b»l!!j;erer.t. whi'h
fceve previously quit the Mme port, harbor.
r»>adstfjiri or waters, tie ship of war f>r pri
vateer oT *it-vr belligerent shall be detained
Jn any p^rt. harbor, roadstead or waters of
the Vnltfrd S:ate s more than twenty-four
hoars by rearon of the successive departure
from fuch port, barter roadstead or waters «f
more tl-.an one vessel of the cllier belligerent.
Hut if thrre b« several vrssrly of each or
either cf ih» two belligerents in the same port,
hmbor. roadstead rr waters, the order of th»lr
riepnrture 1her«from fhall be so arranged n« to
afford the opportunity €<l leavinr alternately to
the vessels of th«- respective belligerents "and
to (Stiw- the Jea^t detention consistent with the
ebjecis of thi* proclamation. Xo ship of war
er prircte^r of cither belligerent shall be per
mitted, wliile in any port, hnrbnr. roadstead
nr waters in the Jurisdiction of the Cnlted
Ftates. to take in any supplies except provis
ion- and such other things a« may l>e required
for the subsidence of her crew, and except so
much coal orly as may be sufficient to carry
ruch vc*sel. If without any ftatl power, to the
nearest pert cf her own country, or In case
the vesFrl is rlrced to «ro uikW mII. and mav
niso be propelled by steam power, then with
half the nuantitv of coal which tho would be
entitled to. receive If dependent tjpon suam
elcne. and no coal shall t>» acaln supplied to
any much rfilp of war or prlvaterr In the same
or in »tLy other P"rt. hnrhor. roadstead or
waters of the l.'r.ite-d Plates without special
permission, until after the expiration of three
month* from the tlm» when, such coal tnny
have been last supplied to her within the
v.-afem of -the United State*. un>rn ST-h ship
of rir or privateer shall, since last thus sup
plied, have «>riter*el n port of tl:e Government
to wMch s=he lielonsry.
. NEUTRALITY OX THK SKA.
And I further declare and proclaim that by
the flirt article of the ecnvention as to the
rt£l.U of neutral* et eea. which wa* concluded
between the United States of America and his
Majesty the Emperor of all the Ruselas on the
22d day of July, A. D., 1854. the following
principles were recognized as permanent and
immutable, to-wit:
1. — That free, nhlps make free goods: that
Is to say. that the effects or goods belonging
to subjects or citizens of a power or State
at war are free from capture and confiscation
whe-n found on board of neutral vessels, with
the exception of articles contraband of war.
2. — That the property of neutrals on board
an enemy's vessel ii not subject to confiscation
unless the same be contraband of war.
And I do further declare and proclaim that
the statutes cf the United States and the law
of natlcns alike require that no person within
the territory and Jurisdiction of the United
States shall take part, directly or Indirectly,
In the said war. but shall remain at peace
with each of said belligerents and shall main
tain a strict and impartial neutrality, and that
whatever privileges shall be accorded to one
belligerent within the ports of the United States
shall be in like manner accorded to the other.
And I do hereby enjoin all the good citizens
of the United States and all persons residing
or being within the territory or Jurisdiction of
the United States to observe the laws thereof
and to commit no act contrary to the pro
visions of the said statutes or in violation of
the lar.- of nations in that behalf.
And 1 do hereby warn ail citizens of the
United States and all persons residing or be
ing v.lthin their territory or Jurisdiction that
\rhile the free and full expression of sympa
thies In public or private Is not restricted by
the laws of the United States, military force!
in aid cf cither belligerents cannot lawfully
be originated or organized within their Juris
diction, and that while all persons may law
fully, and without restriction by reason of the
aforesaid state of war, manufacture and sell
within the United States arms and munitions
of war and other articles ordinarily known
as contraband of war, yet they cannot carry
such at tides upon the high sean for the use
or service of either belligerent, nor can they
transport pol.Mers and officer* of either, or at
tempt to break Any blockade which may bi»
lawfully established and maintained during
the war. without Incurring the risk of hostile
capture* ."nd the penalties denounced by the
law of nations in that behalf.
And I do hereby give notice that all citi
zens of the United States and others who.
may Haim the protection of thlg Government
who misconduct themselves in the premises
■will on so nt their peril, and they can In no
wise obtain protection from the Government
of the United States against the consequences
of their conduct.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
By the President. JOHN HAY, Secretary
of State.
AMERICAN MINISTER
TO KOREA DESCRIBES
BATTLE OF CHEMULPO
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— Two ca- I
blegrams were received at the State
Department from Minister Allen, dated
Seoul, both referring to the naval en
gagements off Chemulpo on the 8th
and 9th. In his rirst dispatch the Min
ister reports the arrival of twenty-one
Japanese naval vepsols at Chemulpo on
the afternoon of the 9th. Two. Rus
sian naval vessels, the Variag and the
Korutz. were in Chemulpo harbor and
attempted to prevent the landing of
Japanese forces, but with no success.
The forrign naval vessels, the Minis
ter says, were generally leaving the
harbor. There was a report that the
Japanese naval vessels had captured
tranpports off Mukpho on the 9th. The
second dispatch says: ,
"A running naval engagement took
place at Chemulpo harbor about noon.
Tthe Variag and the Korutz again at
tempted to escape, but failed. The Va
riag was injured. On their return the
Japanese naval vessels announced offi
cially that they would attack the place
at 4 p. m. At the latter hour the Ko
rutz blew up and sank. She was a
slow vessel, which made.lt difficult for
her to escape. The Japanese naval
vessels attacked the Variag from the
outside harbor until she sank. •
"Twenty-five hundred Japanese troops
are in Seoul."
Enlfcts as War Sargeon.
JANESVILLE. Wis.. Feb. ll.—
Charles F. Donnelly of Madison, Wis.,
has been accepted as a member of the
Japanese army hospital corps now be
ing organized by Dr. Nicholas Senn, m
Chicago, and has been ordered to re
port at once in San Francisco, whero
passports will be awaiting.
Russian Ships in Suez Canal.
PORT SAID. Feb. 11.— The Russian
transport Smolensk and one torpedo
boat have entered the Suez canal.
SUEZ, Egypt, Feb. ll.—The Russian
volunteer fleet steamship Czaritza and
a torpedo-boat have arrived . here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 12; 1904.
ONE RUSSIAN
SHIP FIGHTS
ENTIRE FLEET
How the Korutz and Variag
Were Destroyed at
Chemulpo.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOKIO, Feb. 11.— Further details of
the naval engagement at Chemulpo on
Monday, in which Admiral Urlu's.Jap
anese fleet destroyed the Russian
cruiser Varlng and the gunboat Ko
rutz, show th.at these vessels fought
separate battles and were crushed by
the superior force of the Japanese.
The Russian steamship Susyari also
was destroyed and sunk.
Both warships tried to escap? from
pen before dawn on Monday, but
eventually put back. At 9:30 o'clock
'.hat mc-rnlng the Korutz accepted the
Japanese challenge and alone v/r.nt out
to f.ght the whole fleet. She v.ms com
pletely outmatched. Japanese broad
sidt-s raked her continually until she
st;rik. ■ '.
Mnny of her crew were killed \>y
chelta or drowned, and the few who es
copeO to shore were captured. The
Variag, steaming out .to sea, was mei
by a hail of shells. Her mast was
speedily dismantled. The Russians
fought most desperately and retreated
to- the harbor at 2 o'clock in the ufter
noon. One account says her 'emv set
her on fire when they saw she must be
captured or sunk.
Another report has it that the Va
rlag's commander, Captain Vladimir
Behr, ordered his officers and crew to
jump overboard and save themselves
If they could, and then blew up the
ship, sacrificing his own life.
Some few of the crew. were drowned
in the attempt to escape, but the men
loyally aided their officers, not one .or
whom was lost thus, llapv swam not
to the shore, but to foreign men-of-war
in the harbor, which promptly lowered
boats and went to their rescue. These
were the. Italian cruiser Elba, the
French cruiser "Pascal and the English
cruiser Talbot.
Cottonseed Oil in Austria.
The imports of cottonseed oil from
the United States into Austria de
creaned from' 161 metric tons in 1M1 to
120.4 metric tons in 1902 in consequence
qt the preat increase in price of this
article. Cottonseed oil is used exten
sively here as a table ' oil, but the
prices at which it has been held during
the past two years have placed it be
yond the reach of tl^ poorer.: classes
and cheaper oils took its place to some
extent. — Exchange.
What has become of. the old-fash
ioned/woman, who said, in speaking of
the worthless son of worthless parents:
"Well, an apple doesn't roll, far from
the trees"?
RUSSIAN TROOPS IN MAN
CHURIA EN ROUTE TO
THE YALU RIVER.
JAPANESE ADMIRAL
IS .A 1 GRADUATE OF
ANNAPOLIS ACADEMY
Rear Admiral Sovokichl Uriu was the
■fifth and last Japanese student at the
naval academy at Annapolis to grad
uate. In 1S68 Congress passed a law
to permit the Empire of Japan to send
to Annapolis a limited number of stu
dents to obtain a naval education and
during the succeeding nine years
twelve young subjects of the Mikadu
entered the naval academy on proba
tlpn.
Seven of. these withdrew after terms
of one to three years and five gradu
ated with the first class after a four
years' course.
The brightest of the latter was Ta
suker Serato, or "Tim" Serato. as he
was dubbed by his class, mates. Sevato
and Urlu graduated in June, 1881. Ser
ato standing number fourteen . and
Uriu number twenty-sixMn a class of
seventy-two members. Serato scored
599.47 marks and Uriu 570.45 marks out
of a possible aggregate maximum of
760 for their four years.
Their standing in studies of a nauti
cal character was. good but somewhat
backward in such as public law,
French and Spanish, which deficiency
pulled down the final aggregate. Their
conduct, judging from the number of
demerits, was of the average, Serato
having 63 and Uriu 60.
Considering the difficulties under
■which these Japanese students under
took to get a naval education those
who graduated acquitted themselves
remarkably well and gave promise of
becoming efficient officers. The name
of Serato has not yet been mentioned
in - connection with the . late brilliant
naval attack, but if he is still alive he
is likely to distinguish himself as
greatly as his class mate, Sovokichi
Uriu.
RAILROAD WILL NOT
BE HELD FOR GOODS
SHIPPED TO AVAR ZONE
Formal notice was telegraphed by
the Southern Pacific Company yester
day, to all its. railroad connections ad
vising the latter that the company
will until further notice refuse to is
sue through bills of lading except at
owner's risk for freight destined for
the following: points in Siberia. Man
churia and Korea: Newchwang, Port
Arthur, Dalny, Vladivostok, Khaba
rovka, • Alexandersvka', Nlckolaevosk,
Fusan, Gensan, Chemulpo, Chinnampo
and Mokpho* -These places ale now
n-ithin the .war zone and no assurance
for.' the safe delivery of .shipments of
freight can be had. The Southern Pa
cific Company advises the other roads
that are- handling Oriental : freight to
adopt a similar precaution
LOCAL JAPANESE
TO RAISE FUNDS
FOR FATHERLAND
Free. Trade With the Orient
of Great Importance
to This City.
The' Japanese in the United States
propose to raise $5,000,000 in aid' of their
country during her time of peril. Meet
ings are being held in all portions of
America and much enthusiasm has
been manifested. Yesterday being a
holiday, the twenty-five hundred
and sixty-fourth anniversary of ttie
birth of Jlminu, founder of the Japa
nese empire, was selected as a day par
ticularly fitting to call together tne lit
tle brown men who love their country.
A meeting was held in this city last
night, attended by more, than 200 Japa
nese merchants, and the situation was
fully diBcu-sed. It was the consensus of
opinion that the Pacific Coast States,
which include California, Arizona, Colo
rado, New Mexico and Idaho, should
contribute $500,000.
Consul Uyeno, who presided at the
meeting-, was given charge of the col
lection of funds and the appointment
of such committees as he might deem
necessary. No subscriptions will be so
licited, and those contributing money
will have the privilege of offering their
coin either to the war fund, the family
fund or the Red Cross fund. Money
donated to the war fund will' be for
warded at once to the Government, to
be used' in the equipment of the army.
Funds donated toward the family fund
will be used In alleviating the distress
of those who are unfortunate enough
as to be deprived of their means of
support by the war, while donations to
the Red Cross fund will be used for
the relief of those stricken on the bat
tle field, r no matter under what flag
they may fight.
Local Japanese are sanguine that the
Eastern States of America will raise
their share of the $5,000,000, as they
state that while there may not be many
Japanese in the East, the few are
wealthy: and will contribute liberally.
SAX FRANCISCO'S INTERESTS.
The size of the commercial stake that
San Francisco has in the maintenance
of free communication by sea with Chi
na, Japan and that part of China that
Is, known as Russian China, Korea and
Hongkong is made clear by figures that
were secured at the Custom-house in
this city, yesterday.
- The exports for the calendar year
ending December 31, 1903, to each of the
regions indicated in the foregoing Were
in total as follows: To the Chinese em
pire, $2,363,985; to Russian China, $134,
466; Hongkong, $3,682,798; Japan, $3,980,
697; Asiatic Russia, $114,622; Korea,
$85,153.. The Imports as tabulated in the
Custom-house were as. follows: From
the Chinese empire, j $5,903,095; ■ Japan,
$10,182,213. Adding together the exports
and imports shows the total Interest
that San . Francisco alone had in open
transportation last year amounted to
$25,417,024 to and from Ihe places men
tioned. • . . •,-..-.
From" the Official figures it appears
that Japan was the largest customer
of all for exports, and. la
DAMAGE TO THE RUSSIAN FLEET
AT PORT ARTHUR IS NOT GREAT
Alexieff Reports That the Cesarevitch and Pallada
:' Can Be Repaired in a Fortnight and'
the Others in Three Days.
turn.- the greatest value of imports to
San Francisco came from Japan. Here
tofore flour has figured as ah export
more than It may in the future, espe
cially into the country that is tribu
tary .to Manchuria.
The exploits of Japan in destroying
the Russian war vessels, by which it
has secured predominating naval force
in the Pacific, makes the chance .bet
ter that shipments between Japan and
the United States will not be Interfered
with as a result of the war. It Is
reported en excellent authority that
a shipment of 5,000,000 pounds of bar
rel' beef for Russia will soon pass
through this city."
Not long ago 1.000,000 pounds of beef
went out through the Golden uate for
Russia. The 5.000,000 pounds to ce-me
are undoubtedly for war uses. The
previous shipments was the regular an
nual supply for Siberia and Saghalien.
to be consumed In Siberia and by the
prisoners and others at Saghalien.
From a recent consular report It was
expected that by the close of the pres
ent vcar there would be at least ten
flouring mills in operation at Harbin,
a new Russian tc-wn in Manchuria that
now has a population of 60.000, but
which two years ago was only a ham
let. These ten mills, of which eight
are already in operation, will have a
capacity of 5000 barrels of flour a day.
It is freely predicted in the consular
report referred to that Manchuria will
be able to supply the Asiatic demand
for wheat in^a few years and will also
have wheat to export to Europe. A
fertile valley that is 1000 miles long
Is tributary to Harbin.
SPEAKS WEIX OF JAPANESE
Lieutenant Charles W. Farr, medical
department. U. S. A., who is now sta
tioned at Fort Mason, has had consid
erable experience in Japan. In speak
ing of the Japanese army he said yes
terday:
"The Japanese are thoroughly well
drilled and equipped. The nation is
very proud of the army and att tender
to it the most loyal support. A fea
ture which strongly impressed me was
the fact that the email boys ranging
from 5 to 10 years of age were in
structed in military training. I went
to several of the large schools in Yo
kohama and I saw these little yunsr
sters going through a precise military
drill, and all carrying little wooden
guns, which they seemed to manipu
late with natural aptitude.
"They all entered into the spirit of
the drilling with great enthusiasm and
it was quite remarkable to see the In
telligence displayed by the little chaps
!n executing the difficult maneuvers."
STRENGTH OF WORLD'S NAVIES
GIVEN IN OFFICIAL FIGURES
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON, WASHINGTON, Feb.
ll.-The lighting strengthof the various navies of the world,
together with details of the building programme of each for
the coming year, has been compiled by Chairman Foss, of
the House Naval Affairs Committee, and made an appendix
to the report on the naval bill. In it the relative order 'of
warship strength is given in tonnage, as follows:
', , . Present Eventual
-Countries. T(mna^
Great Britain 1,516,040 1,867,250
Russia 416,158 616,275
Germany *f^^^^^^P^*" • 387,874 558,432
Italy .. 258,838 329^277
Japan 243,586 253,681
Austria . 93,913 149,833
-.Eventual tonnage includes completed vessels and those
under construction or for which provision has been made.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 11. — The
Czar to-day received a telegram from
Viceroy Alexieff. describing the dam
age done to the Russian warships dur
ing the bombardment by the Japanese
fleet at Port Arthur. It says:
"The Cesarewitch and Pallada were
brought Into the harbor on Tuesday.
The Retvizan is making temporary re
pairs to a hole. Repairs to the battle
ships are so complicated that It is dif
ficult to say when the ships will be
ready. The Pallada and Novik will
be docked in turn and I expect them
to be ready in a fortnight. All the
other vesels injured in the fight are
now repairing: and coaling in the har
bor. I expect them to be ready in
three days.
"The wounded officers are doing
well. Four of the wounded have died.
A majority of the wounded belonged
to the cruiser Pallada and their in
juries are due to gases from the ex
plosion of a melinite torpedo. A care
ful search by cruisers and torpedo
boats day and" night has not revealed
the presence of the enemy."
It Is officially announced that nf>
news "has been received here of the
fight at Chemulpo, the landing of Jap
anese or the blowing up of a bridge
on the Manchurian Railroad.
The admiralty has issued specific
orders that no telegrams from the Far
East, whether for private persons,
newspapers or news agencies, will be
transmitted. The admiralty will give
out official reports.
Admiral Strydloff. commander of
the Russian Black Sea fleet, has quiet
ly left for the Far East to take com
mand of the Russian fleet there. All
the unattached naval officials in St.
Petersburg and Kronstadt have been
ordered to go East promptly, without
making farewell calls.
Students In uniform and bareheaded
this afternoon paraded in front of the
Kazan Cathedral and went to the Win
ter Palace. They were followed by
several thousand persons singing the
national anthem.
The Assistant Chief of Police
thanked the students for .their evi
dences of patriotism, but he requested
them to no longer disturb the Czar.
The, crowds then returned, singing.
Serious disturbances are reported to
have broken out at Reval. the fortified
seaport on the Gulf of Finland. Four
companies of soldiers are said to have
been dispatched to suppress the riot
ing. The disturbances are believed to
be connected with labor troubles.
There is a general movement among:
the public to raise money for the pur
pose of increasing the navy.
The Red Cross Society sent the
steamship Mongolia, laden with hos
pital stores, to the Far East on Sun
day.
The question of abandoning Russian
participation in the St. Louis Exposi
tion Is under consideration. The mer
chants of Moscow to-day notified Com
missioner General Alexandrovisky that
ttiey would devote the money intended
for the exposition to the Red Cross So
city and to assisting the war orphans
and widows. They intend to con
tribute $500,000.
If it is decided to abandon the Rus
sian exhibit the Government will fol
low the example of the Moscow mer
chants and appropriate the St. Louis
fund and the remainder of previous
exposition funds, amounting to about
$225,000, to the Red Cross Society.
KING EDWARD SIGNS
THE PROCLAMATION' OF
BRITAIN'S NEFTRALm
LONDON*. Feb. 11.— King Edward, at
a council held in Buckingham Palace
this afternoon, signed a proclamation
declaring Great Britain's neutrality
during the war- between Russia and
Japan. The proclamation is on the
usual lines and covers all the British
dominions.
The report that Ru**ia is attempt
ing to arrange with the Turkish Gov
ernment to permit the Black Sea fleet
to pass through the Dardanelles is re
vived, and it Is. added that Russia is
trying to secure Great Britain's con
sent. There is no confirmation of the
report in authoritative quarters.
Russia Withdraws Tientsin GarrNon
TIENTSIN. Feb. 11.— The Russian
garrison was withdrawn yesterday to
Shanhaikwan. The postofflce was
transferred to the French authorities.
Yuan Shi Kai. Governor of Chili prov
ince and commander in chief of the
army, has Issued a proclamation for
bidding meetings of secret societies or
seditious meetings. The Japanese are
flooding Peking with gratis newspapers
containing reports of the Japanese suc
cesses against Russia.GERMANY OPENS THE KIEL CANAL TO THE RUSSIAN BALTIC SEA SQUADRON
FIFTEEN WAR
VESSELS SAIL
FOR FAR EAST
Kaiser Gives Proof of
His Friendship for
the Slav.
Great Britain May Take
Offense at the Action
of Berlin.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Feb. 12.— The Daily Mail
this morning publishes a dispatch
from Copenhagen stating that the
Russian Baltic Fquadron of fifteen
warships passed yesterday through
Danish waters on its way to the Far
East. As a fierce storm raged in the
North Sea, It was added, the Russian
admiral ordered the squadron through
Kaiser Wilhelm canal. The Daily Mail
editorially refers to this as verging on
a breach of neutrality, if not an ac
tual breach on the r>art of the Ger
man Government, but no confirmation
of the report is forthcoming, except
the Berlin Lokal Anz^iger's statement
that Russia had given notice of a de
sire to pass Fhi;is through Kiel canal.
A British naval officer whom 1 ques
tioned on the subject last night said:
•Russia has in the Black Sea a very
fine squadron, but by existing treaties
this fleet cannot pats through the Dar
denelles. In the Baltic fleet, on the
• •ther hand, there are at least four bat
tleships, but they are of somewhat ob
scure types. The four battleships could
possibly be made ready in a short time,
ar.d with the Oslabia, now on its way
to the Far East, which could be de
tained, a small squadron of battleships
could be formed. There are no modern
cruisers in the Baltic fleet to accom
pany them. £til! th?re are a number
of torpedo craft which might be util
ized as attendants upon such a fleet."
At the Japanese legation to-night no
pi-eat importance was attached to the
report that the Russian Baltic squad
ion is going to the Far East. It was
explained that even were the report
true the fleet would not reach the scene
of operations under sir weeks, by
which time the situation might have
changed materially In any case It was
paid the J a panes© navy would be on
puard to meet the ships. It was also
pointed out at the legation that Great
Britain had declared her neutrality,
and that as nearly all the coaling sta
tions east of Suez are British the Rus
sian men-of-war will experience diffi
culties in coaling and will be hindered
by the necessity of having colliers ac
company them.
PARIS RECEIVES NEWS
OF JAPANESE REPULSE
IN PORT ARTHUR BAY
PARIS, Feb. 11.— The Temps says It
has received confirmation from official
sources of the report from Port Arthur
that the Japanese attempted to make
a landing at the bay of Port Arthur and
were immediately repulsed.
The Journal des Debats in a special
dispatch from St. Petersburg announces
that a bombardment of Port Arthur
occurred the day before yesterday, and
pgain yesterday, and says that the
Japanese fleet withdrew after having
suffered severe losses. To-day, it is add
edj all is quiet off Port Arthur.
The Foreign Office received a dispatch
to-day, dated yesterday, reporting that
f>|>09 Japanese troops are encamped near
Seoul, Korea, some of which have en
tered the town. It is added that quiet
Xo mention is made in the dispatch
of the presence of the Korean Emperor
r.x. the French legation, where he is re
ported to have sought refuge, and there-
J'jre the authorities here place no cre
ii"nce in the report.
Regarding the announcement ttfat
]:ussian sailors from the Variag and
Korutz, sunk by the Japanese off Che
irulpo, have sought refuge on the
French cruiser Pascal, which are con
firmed, the Foreign Office says the
French commander offered them an
asylmn only in the interest of human
ity, that no protest on the subject has
been made by the Japanese Govern
ment and that the refugees will be
f-nt to Russia. They probably will be
T'quired to give their parole not to
Sf rve again during the war.
Advices received here by the Foreign
Office ore to the effect that the damage
f u?tained by the Russian battleship
Cesarevitcb. beached at Port Arthur on
the night of February 8 after having
been torpedoed by the Japanese, is not
serious, and that she will bo able to re
sume active service shortly.
The rutting of the cables compels of
ficial messages from Korea to come
bere by way of St. Petersburg, causing
a delay of twelve hour?, therefore no
official confirmation has been received
of the report that the Emperor of Ko
rea had sought refuge in the French
legation, nor has the Foreign Office
been officially notified that the crews of
the sunken Russian warships Variag
ahd Korutz took refuge on the French
cruiser Pascal after the engagement
with the Japanese off Chemulpo.
Official sentiment here is somewhat
reassured concerning the United States*
note to the powers on the subject of
the neutrality and integrity of China,
United States Embassador Porter
pointing out that the powers have a
common Interest in keeping China neu
tral. Foreign Minister Delcasse evinces
the utmost desire to co-operate with
the United States so long as nothing
irfmleal to Russia is done.
The friendly Fcntiments of the French
Government toward the United States
are indicated by the message of both
President Loubet and Delcasse con
cerning the Baltimore disaster.
FIVE RUSSIAN WARSHIPS BOMBARD JAPANESE SEAPORT
LONDON, Feb. 12. — The Tientsin correspondent of
the Standard cables that it is rumored that live Russian
cruisers from Vladivostok bombarded Hakodate, Japan.,
on Tuesday.
In a dispatch from Nagasaki dated February 10 a cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph says: /There Has
been a renewed attack on Port Arthur. The Japanese
JAPANESE SPIES DISGUISED AS CHINESE COOLIES BLOWING UP THE BRIDGE ON THE MANCHURIAN RAILROAD.
MIKADO'S WAR
DECLARATION
SCORES CZAR
Russia Accused of Perfidy
in ihe Manchurian
Negotiations.
TOKIO, Feb. 11. — The following is
in the draft of the imperial rescript
declaring war against Russia, Which
was issued in Japan yesterday:
"We, "by the grace of heaven Em
peror of Japan, seated on the throne
occupied by the same dynasty since
time immemorial, hereby make proc
lamation to our loyal and brave sub
jects as follows:
"We hereby declare war against
Russia and we command our army
and navy . to carry on hostilities
against her. in obedience to their, duty,
with all their strength;, and we also
command our competent authorities
to make every effort, in pursuance of
their duties, to attain the national
aim with all the means within the
limits of the law of nations.
•'We have always deemed it essen
tial in international relations, and
have made It our consistent aim, to
promote the pacific progress of our
empire in civilization, to strengthen
our friendly ties with, other states and
to establish a. state of things which
would maintain enduring peace in the
Far East and assure the future secur
ity of our dominion without injury to
the rights or interests of other, pow
ers.
"Our competent authorities also
have performed their duties In obedi-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12. 1904.
THE CALL'S SPECIAL SUMMARY OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
The only. Important changes In; the relative positions of the Russian and Japanese forces reported
In the special cablegrams to The Call up to 2 o'clock this morning were that the Russian Vladivostok
squadron had sailed southward, presumably to effect. Impossible, a junction with the Russian fleet nt Port
Arthnr, and that Japanese transports, under cover of warships, had attempted to land troops in the
vicinity of Port Arthur for a, land attack.
Japan continues to pour troops into Koreii. and the advance northward probably has been begun.
Russia U strengthening her forces on Uio.Yalu River, 'Where the first important land battle seems cer
tain to occur. .•
ence to our will, so that our relations
with all the powers have been steadily
growing in cordiality. It was thus
entirely against our expectation that
we have unhappily come to open hos
tilities against Russia. The integrity
of Korea is a matter of gravest con
cern to this empire, not only because
of our traditional relations with that
country, but because the separate ex
istence of Korea is essential to the
safety of our realm. Nevertheless,
Russia, in disregard of -her solemn
treaty pledges to China and her re
peated assurances to other powers, is
still in occupation* of Manchuria, has
consolidated and strengthened her
hold on those, provinces and Is bent
upon their final annexation. And,
since the absorption of Manchuria by
Russia would render it Impossible to
maintain the Integrity of China and
would, in addition, compel the aban
donment of all hope of peace in the
Far East, we were determined; in
these circumstances to settle the ques
tion by negotiations and to secure
thereby permanent peace. With that
object in view, our competent author
ities, by our order, . made proposals
to Russia and frequent conferences
were held during the last six nfonths.
"Russia, however, never met such
proposals in a spirit of conciliation,
but by wanton delays put off a settle-
captured seven Russian ships and chased others-" This
probably refers to the Tuesday battle.
In a dispatchfrom Copenhagen a correspondent -of
the Daily Mail says: "The Russian Baltic squadron of fif
teen warships passed through Danish waters to-day'v en
route for the Far East, around Cape Skagen; but a fierce
storm was raging in the North Sea .and, the Russian ad-
ment. of. the six. questions, ostensibly
advocating peace on one hand, while
on the other 1 extending her navy and
military preparations, so as to accom
plish her own' selfish designs.* We
cannot in. the least admit that Russia
had any serious or genuine desire for
peace. .She rejected the proposals of
our Government. • The safety of Ko
rea was in danger and the interests of
our empire were menaced. The
guarantees for the future which we
failed to secure by peaceful negotia
tions can now be obtained only by an
appeal to arms. . • . ■ f
: "It is our earnest wish that by the
loyalty and valor of our faithful sub
jects peace may soon be permanently
restored and the glory of our empire
preserved." .
CHINA ORGANIZING
HOST OF BOXERS TO
INVADE MANCHURIA
VIENNA, Feb. 12.— Disquieting re
ports have been received here from Pe
king regarding, the attitude of China In
the Russo-Japanese conflict.
The Neue Weiner Tageblatt says It
is believed in well informed circles that
miral ordered the squadron through the Kaiser \yilhelm
■- At -Lloyds to-day 30 P er een * vwas paid to insure
against the risk of war between France and Great Britain
Avithin six months. .Yesterday the rate was 20 per cent.
The' Nippon Yuscn Kaisha announces that the Inaba
Maru. arrived safely, at Hongkong to-day. '
the reported destruction of 'a railroad
bridge, In Manchuria is possibly the
work of an, advance party of Boxers,
who it Is understood China is organ
izing for the invasion of llanchuria.
It is said the representatives of sev
eral of the powers at Peking have in
formed their governments of China's
intention to send 200,000 Boxers to Man
churia. *
ENORMOUS SHIPMENT
OF COAL PROBABLY
FOR USE OF RUSSIANS
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Feb. 10.—Un
confirmed reports were current to
day that ■ -Piltsburgr river" coal was
being rushed to New Orleans to be
loaded on. colliers for shipment to
Russia. <■ An official of the River
Combine,, when asked about it to
day, said:
"The contract is not with the Rus
sian Government, but is made through
a third party, and therefore* we have
no knowledge of its ultimate destina
tion." •
A shipment of 1,500,000 bushels of
coal was started south to-day.
UNCONFIRMED
TALE OF PORT
ARTHUR'S FALL
London Commercial House
Gives Out Wild Story
of Battle.
LONDON. Feb. 11.— One' of the
most - conservative commercial houses
in this city, with immense interests
in the Orient, has received a message
in cipher from Its representative in
Chefu that the Japanese have cap
tured Port Arthur and destroyed the
entire Russian tteet. It was stated
that the Japanese army first blew up
the railroad fifty miles from the coast
to cut off relief and~then carried by
assault the promontory overlooking
the city and harbor.
Mounting heavy artillery here, they
shelled- the city --and- harbor, driving
the Russian" fleet into the sea, where
the Japanese battleships -and cruisers
met them.' h\ the resulting fight the
Russian ships were' all either cap
tured or destroyed.
The Japanese then * attacked and
crptured Port Arthur, taking posses
sion of the' immense stores of. coal and
provisions.
It was also reported that the Jap
anese had planned explosions all along
the line of the Siberian railway and
that thus the Czar's army in the Far
East was isolated..
While this startling message is giv
en only on the authority of. the Lon
don merchants, it is in measure cor
roborated by Reuter dispatches. *"
Telegraph Lines Cut.
ST«^PETERSBURG, Feb. 11— The
general, staff announces the receipt of
a telegram from the Russian military
agent in China saying that the cable
from Vladivostok to Nagasaki, the tele
graph line from Seoul to Masampho
and the . telegraph line from 'Seoul to
Wonsan are broken! >'.:': v ;.
Neutrality of Austria.
VIENNA, Feb. 11.— Count Goluchows
ki, the Austrian-Hungarian Minister of
Foreign Affairs announced at yester
day's session of the Hungarian Diet
that Austria-Hungary had resolved to
observe strict neutrality in the Far
East.- . ■--,•;. ■•?, -
Death Calls Celebrated Critic.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 11.— -T. K.
Michaelovskl, the celebrated critic and
publisher, Is dead from heart disease.
_ CHEFU/ Feb. 1 1; 9 a. m.— The Japanese fleet has
not been seen since noon on Tuesday. It has been ascer
tained that the Japanese shells did not injure the forts at
Port. Arthur in Tuesday's engagement. Shells directed
toward -the disabled battleships went over them and en
tered-the. town. Shells directed, at the forts struck houses
on the hill. ■ • . \ £*?
CZAR'S SHIPS
MUST REMAIN
IN BLACK SEA
British Foreign Office
Gives Warning Through
the Press.
Would Consider Move
ment of Fleet as Breach
of Treaty.
L'ONDON, Feb. 12.— The question of
tho passage'of the Dardanelles by the
Russian Black Sea fleet has not been
raised at the Foreign Office here, where
the following statement was made to
the press last night:
"Russia has not asked permission for
the passage of warships through tho
Dardanelles. If Russia should attempt
any such thing without asking permis
sion it would constitute a grave breach
of the treaty on the subject."
"Vice Admiral Sir Gerard Henry Noet.
who commands the British Asiatic
squadron In succession to Admiral Sir
Cyprian Bridge, will sail from Mar
seilles to-day for the Far East.
It was said at the Foreign Office here
yesterday afternoon that the assertion
of the Novoe Vremya of St. Petersburg
that the Japanese fleet used "Wei-hai
wel as a base for its attack on Port
Arthur Is absolutely untrue.
Statements of all kinds concerning
the Port Arthur fight are published
here this morning. According to th«
Chefu correspondent of the Daily Mail
the lack of preparation on the part of
the Russians at Port Arthur was due
to the fact that all the naval and mili
tary "officers were attending a circus
performance at Port Arthur, which did
not terminate until early Tuesday
morning.
A correspondent of the Standard at
Tokio sends In this morning an en
tirely new account of the Port Arthur
encounter. He says Admiral Togo's
fleet arrived on Monday night and
found the Russian squadron drawn up
In battle formation outside the harbor
and under "the shadow of the forta, th»
destroyers being spread out over a dis
tance of five miles. Admiral Togo de
cided on a rjght attack and opened
fire at 11 o'clock. While the cannon
ading was going on a number of Jap
anese boats crept to the foot of tfie
cliff and succeeded In getting in be
tween the Russian ships and the land.
Here they lay unnoticed until the Rus
sians began to give way before the
Japanese fire and sought to re-enter
the harbor. Thfe torpedo boats then
opened fire at comparatively close
range and sank two battleships and
one cruiser close to the entrance to
the harbor. The effect of this coup
was the retreat of the remainder of
the squadron into the harbor. All was
safe on board the Japanese ships at
i noon on Tuesday. The correspondent
concludes that the engagement was
then still In progress.
In a dispatch from Toklo a corre
spondent of the Times comments upon
the grim determination of the Japanese
people, as evinced by the expeditious
and absolutely undemonstrative man
ner in which the mobilization of troops
has everywhere been carried out. The
correspondent Is of the opinion that
Major General Baron Kodanra will be
In command of the Japanese land ope
rations.
HONOLULU JAPANESE
EDITOR STARTS FUND
FOR RED CROSS WORK
. HONOLULU, Feb. 11.— The Japanese
Hotel-keepers' Association offers to pay
half the expenses of all members o*
the Japanese army reserve force who
are desirous of returning home to fight
for their country. The editor of ihe
Japanese newspaper in this city has
started a subscription for the Red Cros3
fund and says that he will raise at least
$100,000.
The Central Japanese League, on the
ardvice of the ' Japanese Consul, Miki
Saltow, has caused the following man
ifesto to Japanese subjects in Hawaii
to be distributed on all rhe islands:
"All subjects of the Emperor in Ha
waii are to regulate their conduct with
due regard to the obligation of bellig
erent subjects in neutral territory. .If
the reserves are called for it will o<?
the high privilege of the reservists ir.
Hawaii to Immediately respond, taking
special care to make preparations to
be ready to return to Japan In as quiet
and calm a manner as In time u*
peace."
WORK TO BE HURRIED
ON RUSSIAN RAILROAD
ACROSS LAKE BAIKAL
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 11.— A dis
patch from Irkutsk, Siberia, says or
ders have been issued to have the rai:
road across the, ice-covered lake Baikal
completed by February 2S. The con
tractors have been promised a bonus
of $1500 for each day's earlier comple
tion.
It -was announced from St. Petersburg
on February 9 that as the passage of
Lake Baikal by train across the I<.e
appeared too dangerous the Russian
reinforcements would cross the ice on
foot and the war material would be
transported over a temporary lin«.«.
which is probably the undertaking re
ferred to in the* dispatch from Irkutsk.
Lake Baikal Is frozen over from Jan
uary to May. 3£»fl
Russia's War Fund Is Ample.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 11.— There
is no truth in the report from Brussels
yesterday that Russia is negotiating a
loan of $200,000,000. The Russian re
sources, it is added, are ample without
having recourse to any loan.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
STEALS JEWELS
FROM TRUNK
Thief Makes Of? With Large
Quanlitv .of Trinkets That Are
Found Later by Detectives
A11BEST SUSPECTED MAX
George Jackson, Hostler for the
People's Express .Company,
Is Asked for Explanations
Oakland Office San Francisro Call
1118 Eroadx^iiy, Feb. 11.
Gf-orjrc J.ickson, a ncsrro bottler om
p'cyed at the People**; Express Com
rory ptabies. has been arrestc-d on sus
picion of havir.c broken into a tsunk
on storage at the ■campariy''! barn and
made away with a larf^ assortment
of miscellaneous Jewelry and clothing
the trunk had contained.
J A. Wismer of Orinda. Park shipped
the trunk un February s* from 213 BlLa
Ftrtet to the company's offices in thU
t ity. to b» l:e!d until called for. This
morning WStmit ordered the trunk
sent to Orirda Park and then diseov
eitd ihat it had beer, rifled. la the
list of articles Wismer flaimed qrere
stolen weve eight watches, thirteen
neck chairs, bracelets, guaids, seven
iitn vest chairs, twelve lockets, eleven
pairs of cuff buttons, thirty stick pins.
twelve clocks, two pairs of trou?ers a.id
two overcoats.
Search of the pawnshop? by Detective
Quigley uncovered a lot of. the stolen
jewelry end enough evidence, accord
ing t-> the police, to warrant Jackson'*?
UTeEt. H<? was siven a course in lii?
"pweatbox"' thi;? afternoon, but denitd
knowledge of the theft.
MUST HAVE CUAFEROXS
IP they sl:i-: co-kds play
Men Will Be Bcptilsed IYoin Basket
ball TMii Unless They Arc Escort
ed by Woman Pricnd.
BERKELEY. Feb. 11.— Men who wish
to see tho co-eds of the University of
California play basketball r.gsirst the
L,ov.c!l High School gii'ls next Satur
day on the Hearm courts must be
chaperoned. That was the rule enforced
last year and it is still in force. A
man who appears at the gate without
a ffOCaa esfort will find the way
barretL
The game n*xt Saturday will be the
first of the season. It will be the fre^ii
men against the L/nvells, who are un
derstood to have a strong team this
year. The freshmen who will go in to
face the enemy are Miss Alice Joy,
Miss Annie Martin. Mrs. N\ D. Turner,
M'es Irma Weffl, Miss Adrian Lesser,
Miss Lena Sullivan, Miss Verda Clap
ham. Miss Louise Wh'4e and Miss Cora
Hanlon. Miss Tulullah Le Conte will
umpire thf game and Miss May Shatter
v.iil referee it.
Carmen's Ball a Success,
OAKLAND, Feb. 11. — Despite a
befcrjr rainstorm, the seventh annual
ball to-night of the Carmen's Social
and Benevolent Association at Maple
Hall was attended by hundreds of
gruests. The success* of the affair
rested ujjon the efforts of the follow
ing: committee."*: Arrangements — W.
E. VVatkins, G. W. Bacon. J. \V. Smith.
George R. Crane. S. A. Swanson: re
ception—\V. Miner, J. W. Smith. D.
Hughes. R. O. Watkinf. W. D. Wil
cox. A. Anderson. George Darrell: floor
manager — George Doolar.; assistant
floor managers — \V. E.Watkins. G. W.
Bacon. \V. Heaver. J. W. Hutton; floor
committee — S. A. Swanson, \V. Kim
mel. H. C. McAlta, George Ballantyne,
E. M. Skain.
Will In- tall Xeu Pastor.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— Rev. Oscar H.
Gruver wiil be installed Sunday even
ing as pastor of the First English
Lutheran Church. Rev. E. Nelander,
pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church of San Francisco, will deliver
the charge to the pastor. Rev. H.
Gehrcke. pastor of St. Matthew's Evaii
pelical Lutheran Church of San Fran
cisco and president of the California
Synod, will deliver the address to the
cor.gregaiion and will conduct the in
stallation. Dr. Gruver was formerly
pastor of th« First Church in San Fran
cisco, but returned to Pennsylvania,
his home, an* preached there for sev
eral years.
Prepare for Children'* Concert.
BERKELEY. Feb. 11.— School Super
intendent S. D. Waterman to-day ay
pointed a committee of school teacher?
to take charge of and prepare the
school children for the concert of- S'JOO
vclce« that is to be given in the Greel;
Theater on LJarch 25 for the benefit of
the juvenile department of the public
library. The committee xonsists of
Mrs. C. G. Potwln. Mrs. May T. Wil-
Eon. Miss Charlotte Henley, Miss Eliz
abeth Millpr. AfiFs Etta Ellahoerst. Miss
-Amelia Newmark. Miss Victorine Hart
ley, Mi?s BJfnnle Kolsfd, Miss Mary
Cameron and C. L. BoJdenbach.
Admits Keating Ills Motlicr.
OAKLAND, Feb. n._p e tcr Knuth. a
young reprobate, pleaded guilty to-day
In the Police Court to charges of beat
ing his mother after groinj; home drunk
Knuth also admitted he was guilty of
kicking over a stove in hfs mother's
room and otherwise exhibiting traits of
ur.niial character, which will be eon
efd«ed to-morrow by Police .Tudgfi
Samuel?, when sentence will be im
posed upon the youngr man.
Old Guard" Will Hold Keunloti.
OAIvLAND, Feb. ll.-A high Jinks
and tampfire will be held Saturday
evening at the armory of Company \
Fifth nogimcr.t. N. G. C. by the "Old
Quard rA.W. Burrell is president and
D. J, Hallahan secretary cf the organ-
IZflt DTI • *' --
Says Wife Is Faithless.
OAKLAND. Feb. U.-Suit for di
vorce wag beprun to-day by \V.- E. Hart
of V.'rst Oakland against Mrs.--S. E.'
Hart, who, he alleges. l»as been falth-
Brought Back From Portland.
Detective Tim Bailey returned from
Portland. Ore-son, last evening, having
in custody Clarence C. Sultner. who is
wnr.tcd in this city v for passing a ficti
tious check. Sultner was. employed by
th<« Kelly-Clark Cornpany, v l30 Califor
nia street, as a traveling salesman. He
jwiwwd a check for $42 so ~on J d
Floyd, a saloor/msra #t:llS Calif o'faia'
street. ,. . ' >*
ALLRGED nonniTCS DI.SCH.\nGED.-The
case r.f j. rank Tiermsn and Janws Cooper
charted *.th robbery, was called in Ju'd^
Cook * court ye««=u«y -»nd-wei! rtUmtskcd *„
motiuu oi the DietrJc; Attorney.'. - (
POPULAR WOMAN
IS RE-ELECTED
Mrs.^L. .II. Jacobi for Third
Term *Iieeomes President of
(he Girls' Training Home
»
MICH WORK DUBING YEAH
Directors of an Important
Philanthropy Listen to En
couragiug Annual Reports
ALAMEDA. Feb. 11.— Officers were
elected and rcportB read at the annual
meeting of the California Girls' Train
ing Home held this afternoon at the
institution at the West End. Mrs. "Li.
H. Jacobi of this city was chosen to
serve her third term as president of the
beard that manages the home. Others
selected to act with her were Mrs. W.
J. Gunn and Mrs. G. K. Fitch of San
Francisco and Mrs. S. B. Cheek of
Oakland, vice presidents; Miss Helen
V.*. Pendleton, Oakland, secretary; Mrs.
S. A. Kelly. San Francisco, treasurer;
Mrs. D. J. Walker and Mrs. E. M. Wil
son, San Francisco; Dr. Susan J. Fen
ton. Oakland; Mrs. W. A. Bissell and
Mrs. G. W. Scott. Alameda, directors.
As an advisory board the following
gentlemen were chosen: G. W. Scott,
L. H. Jacobi and George T. Wright, all
of this city. Wright will also act as
attorney for the institution.
The Rev. Dr. Frank S. Brush of the
I^irst Presbyterian Church opened the
meeting this afternoon with devotional
exercises, and the Rev. William Rader
of San Francisco related the'hlstory of
the home since" it was first established
la San Francisco in 1893. It was shown
in the matron's report that there were
fifty-nine girls admitted to the train
ing school during the last " twelve
months. Of these thirty-nine were
placed with responsible guardians and
all were reported to be doing well.
Improvements to the value of $3000
were made to the California Girls'
Training Home within the year. The
institution is free of debt and has been
so since last April. It owns the prem
ises on which it is located. Mrs. Julia
E. Bush is matron of the home and
has as her assistants Mrs. Mary Smith
and Miss Mary Creighton. Mrs.
Charles French is the head of the
teaching staff.
This afterrsoon the visitors were
shown though the claj-sooms and
viewed exhibits of needlework and
cookery cone by the girls of the home.
The pupils also rendered a musical
programme for the entertainment of
t' «r guests.
■EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Fib. 11.— The Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society gave a whist tournament at For.
eaters' Hall this evening and every one of the
many tables was occupied. The tournament
waa'fer the benefit or the relief fund of
Branch No. 1 of this city. The ladies in
charge provided more than twenty handsome
prizes. The affair w as In charge of the fol
lowing committees: 1
Arrangements — Mrs. P. Klslrh. Mrs. O. C.
Ki k. Mr?. Ueorge D. Hallahan. Mr*. Jennie
Jordan, MrK. Joseph McClerctan. Mrs. James
Ktller, Mtsfi Mary- Lambert. Miss Kutherine
Maher, Mrs. Hamilton Coleman. Mr?. James
Martin. Mf=s Mary Ciannon. » Ml«» Elizabeth
Garvey, Mi5» K. M. Kelley, Mrs. I). A. Fer
guson, MIfs Anna Porter, Mrs. P. Sweeney,
Mrs. J. T. Norton.
Reception— Mrs. T. P. Hocan, Mrs. J. C.
McAioy. Mrs. O. C. Kiik. Airs.- J. F. Keliy,
Mr*. James McAllister, Mr*. J. U. Macdoaald,
Mrs. J. L» Milton, Mr?. Frank Madden* Mrs.
A. Toolos, Mrs. James McManus, Miss Eugenie
McLaren.
Prize — Miss Sadie Madden. Mis» Anna Por
ter. Mrs. C V. Keller. Mrs. J. J. Butler.
The young ladles who acted as scorers were
Miss Mary Hogan. Mips Eva Slavich. Mi«> Ev
elyn KpIIv, Miss Ida Kllnk, Miss Grace Selby.
Mi.-s Josie Lyons', Miss Tina Macdonald. Miss
May H'pan. Miss Kathleen Lynch. Miss Rose
Hallahan, May Feneran, Miss Claire
Cashing. Mi«* Ethel McManue, Miss Katbryn
Kirk, Mts» Loretta Knapp, Miss Gertrude
Flanagan. Miss Frances Stroinski. Miss Clara
Stroin^hl, Mifs Katherine Madden, MIfs Rose
Graham, Miss Virginia Tyrrell, Mlf>s. Stella
Slavich, Miss Agnes Lyons, Miss Gertrude
Hartley, Miss Marrie Marinnls, Miss Minnie
Nolan, Mis-? Margaret Nolan.
Mrs.' J. n. Bur-nharn and her daughter, Miso
Lucretia Burnham. entertained their friends
at an r-laborate tea. E'ven at th«» Burnham
residence, on Lake street, near Oak. Tuesday
afternoon. The house was handsomely deco
rated, and music was furnished by a Hawa
iian band. The ladles who as»l«tcd Mrs. and
Miss Burnham In receiving were: Mre. T. B.
Coghill, Mrs. M. W. Kales, Mrs. K. O. Brown,
Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts. Mrs. Epbert Stone,
Mrs. \V. J. Lander*. Mr*. Arthur Crellrn. Mrs.
H. XV. M»ek. Mrs. Will E. Meek. Mrs. T.
C. Coosran. Mise B-ssi* Flllmore, Miss Moll'.c
Matches. M!r« Jean Dcwney. Miss Noelle de
Golia, Mire Ethel Sims. Mian Katharine Brown,
Mrs. Irvlnr BurrcU. Mies Ada Kenne. Ml?s
May Cocgan. Miss Srvilla Hayden, Miss Elsie
Everson and MIs« Edith Beck.
The Athenian Assembly will give a ' Valen
tine party to-morrow evening- at Maple Hall,
which will be tit-corated with hundreds of red
hearts In fantastic designs. A unique feature
of the evening's entertainment will be the
■'heart figure" In the german, which will be
ltd by Miss Pfi*Jiin» Mathewa and Ray Baker.
The Thursday Afternoon Club was enter
tained to-«lay» by Mrs. XV. E. Sharon at her
home on Mountain avenue. Th<- members of
the club are: Mrs. GeorB»" Whitney, Mrs. Wil
liam H. Creed. Mrs. C. B. Parcells, Mrs. A.
Lowndes Seen, Mre. A. RosborouKh, Mrs.\ P.
J. Kenna. Mrs. Edjtar Stone, Mrs. E. C. Mor
rison, Mrs. M. C. Chapman, Mrs. Irwln Ayrnr,
Mrs. Lander Redman, Mrs. J. H. Todd, "Mrs.
W. E. fcharon, Mrs. Reis ' Thompson, Mrs.
Charles Hooper. Mr*. K. F. Taylor, Mrs. Guy
Earl. Mrs. K. X. Ewer. Mrs. William Baxter
and Mrs. "Charles Snook.
TIi» Rev. Charles T. 'Walkley and his wife
wfil entertain the members of the choir of St.
Paul's Church to-morrow evening at a Valen
tine party at the chapter house of the church.
The Tuesday Afternoon Club was enferTained
this week at the home of Miss Georgia Strong-.
1^04 Tenth street. The rr-embers cf the club
ate: Mrs. Henry D. Nichols, Mrs. Walter
Hughes Henry. Miss Viva Nicholson. Miss
Grace Holt, Mrs. John Henry Dickmann, Miss
Emma Mahoney. Mrs. William Hamilton Mor
rison. Miss Margaret Sinclair, Mrs. Alexander
Marks. Miss Jane Rawlings, Mrs. Robert Lee
Stephcnson, Mrs. John Clay Hampton, Mrs.
Montel Taylor, Mrs. Charles C. Uodclph. Miss
Mcna Crellln, Mrs. James P. H. Dunn, Mis*
Mary Barker. Mrs. Will Meek, Miss ' Violet
Whitney, Miss Lillian Downey and Mrs. Thom
as Bailey Pheby.
"W. H. Gorril addressed the members of the
Ebell Club this afternoon on "The Power of
Women to Enter Into Contracts and the Law
ol Contracts Generally."
BERKELEY, ,,Feb. 11.— Mrs. M. Clark and
William litacU, beth- of -Berkrrey, were mar
ried Monday evening at the home of Dr. C. Z.
Ellis, a brother of the bride, who resides at
1S0O Prince street. The Rev. W. H. Scudder,
pastor cf the Park Congregational Church, cf.
ficiated. ■' . -' - -".'i-Vf
ALAMEDA. Feb. 11. — Among the prominent
ladies \«io w411 act as patronesses of the big
wi.i.st tomncy, to b* griv^n tn the Ctty Hall
Saturday nlpht by the Volunteer Firemen, are
Mrs. Fred B. Cone, Mrs. George II. Mastlck,
Mrs. W. A. BUsell, Mrs. Frank Otis; Mrs. C.
Gecrcre Bull. Mm. M. F. McGurn, Mrs. S. A.
O'Nell. Mrs. Frank D. Colburn, Mrs. Charles
Clifford. Miss "Bessie Gallagher. Mrs. G. T.
Morris and Mrs. R. W. McChesney.
Plans Double Track.
BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— In*a Tetter to
the. Board of Trustees W. S. Palmer,
division superintendent of the Southern
Pacific Company, announces that the
corporation . will soon build a double
track " on Shattuck avenue, between
Dwight way and Berryman station, in
order to accommodate its growing
traffic. No time is promised when the
improvement will be made. ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12. 1901.
NEW ALASKAN STEAMSHIP NUSHAGAK
LAUNCHED FROM SHORE OF ESTUARY
Steel Vessel for Packers'-Association Slides Into Water
Before Throng of People, Miss Dhorr, Daughter
of Corporation's Secretary, Christening the Craft
PRETTY SCHOOL
MA' AM ELOPES
Louisa U. Henncssy. of Grass
Valley. ami Kobert J. Murphy
of Sacramento Are Made One
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
A Grass Valley romance, in which
the course of true . love did not run
smoothly, owing to the objections of
the bride's parents, ended happily here
to-day when Robert J. Murphy of Sac
ramento and MJss Louisa G. Hennessy.
a. pretty Nevada County school teacher,
were made one by Father McXally in
St. Patrick's Church in West Oakland.
Bride and sroom acknowledged to
Deputy County Clerk Hanley that it
was a runaway match, owing to family
objections. . .
Miss Hennessy" is one of four sisters
reared in Grass Valley and all of them
teachers in the public schools of Ne
vada County. Objections were made to
the courtship of the fairest daughter of
the family by the young Sacramentan.
So the pair decided to elope. The brido
received some assistance from one of
her sisters and this morning the couple
boarded an early train and got off at
Sixteenth street.
They proceeded at once to the mar
riage license clerk and then to the
priest. They will spend some days in
San Francisco and vicinity, after which
they will return to the capital city.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. Jl. — The banquet In honor
of the Carnot debating team last night in the
California Hotel was attended by sixty under
graduates. It was an interesting affair and
was marked by much enthusiasm. Augustin
C Keane presided as tcastmaster and Intro
duced as speakers Ezra Decoto, I. S. Metzler,
n. XV. Henderson, H. A. Dehm, H. E. Buck
ingham. J. S. Koford, Hart Greensfelder,
Frank Mandel and J. P. Lucey, winner of the
Carnot medal.
The freshmen election resulted in tho choos
ing of the following named for the various of
fices: President, \V. C. Davis: vice president.
Miss Patterson: secretary, Mlss s McCluhen;
treasurer, H. W. I>arling; sergeant-at-arms.
Calvin Haffey. Tbe election was conducted
without incident, 24tt votes beinic cast.
Professor A. R. Ward, veterinary of the ag
ricultural department, delivered an address be
fore the Petaluma Poultry Association in Peta
luma yesterdiy. His subject was "Poultry
Diseases and the Means to Prevent and Eradi
cate Them." Work on thepoultry station at
Petaluma, for which the State provided $5000,
will be begun next week. It is near the town,
on a site purchased from the McXears.
The Junior class departed from Us usual
custom yesterday and nominated a co-ed for
president of the class for the second term.
This wag necessary because It Is expedient to
have only men students for president for both
terms Jn the senior class hereafter. There Is a
prospect of senior control being adopted next
year, in which case a woman would net be
quite eligible to discharge the duties of the of
fice. Tbe following named were nominated
for offices: President, Miss Flora 'Frlckstad
and Mies Nellie Carthy; vice president, J. M.
Wolfsohn; secretary, P, J. Booth and D. S.
Adams; treasurer, J. J. O'Connell and H. A.
Stout.
The Pelican, the college comic publication,
will fly across the campus for the third time
to-morrow. It. will contain a number of local
"Joshes" and cartoons by Goldberg, , Hoffman,
Titus and Baldwin. ■
The Gamma Phi Beta Sorority was robbed
of a gallon of ice cream last night during its
dance at the Town and Gown Club. A guard
was placed around the sweetmeat, but.it was
enticed away by the thieves, who then ran oft
with the freerer.
Nurses Form Association.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— More than
sixty graduate nurses of Alameda
County have organized a nurses' as
sociation, the object cf which is to se
cure the compulsory registration of all
nurses holding diplomas from recog
nized training schools, in order to pre
vent impostors from representing them
selves as trained nurses. The officers
of the association are: " President, Miss
Fitch, superintendent of nurses at the
Fabiola Hospital: first vice president.
Miss Moore, superintendent . of nurses
at the East Bay Sanitarium; second
vice president. Miss' Creedon, manager
of the Alameda Sanitarium; secretary.
Miss Woolley; assistant secretary, S.
C. Shingle; treasurer. Miss Edna Shuey.
ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIA
TION* STEAMSHIP NUSHA
GAK BEFORE LAUNCHING.
OAKXAXD, Feb. 11.— The new steel
steamship, Nushagak, built by the
United Engineering Works for the
Alaska Packers' .Association, was
launched at 8:30 o'clock this morn
ing from the company's works on the
Alameda shore of the estuary. As the
vessel slid down the ways and took
her initial plunge into the waters of
the bay Miss Dhorr, the daughter of
the secretary of the association, chris
tened her. and the whistles and sirens
along the water front joined in the an
nouncement of the launching.
As soon as the ceremony was over
the Nushasak was towed to San Fran
cisco, where she will be fitted with boil
ers and machinery. Among those
who were present at the • launch
ing were President Fortmann, sec
retary Dhorr .and Port Captain Jen
sen of the Alaska Packers, Association;
Captain Metcalfe, surveyor of Lloyd's
agency; Superintendents Storey. Munn
and Benkrowsky, President Christie of
the United Engineering Works and a
number of ladies.
The Nushagak is 185 feet long, 33.6 feet
in beam and 14.6 feet deep. She is, of
the steam schooner type, built of steel
and fitted. with accommodations for 150
passengers. Captain John Metcalfe,
Lloyd's surveyor, at this port, super
vised the building, and the vessel more
than fulfills the requirements of Lloyd's
100 Al class. She will' be fitted with a
set of 700 horsepower triple expansion
englnesand will have a speed of "twelve
knots. An electric lighting plant will be
installed, and the Nushagak will be
equipped with an evaporating and dis
tilling plant capable of making 1200 gal-
Ions of fresh water in twenty-four
hours. • - - - -
DEATH'S CURVE
CLAIMS VICTIM
San Francisco Manufacturer
Seriously 'Hurt in a Col
lision AYtth Oakland Train
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 11.
While driving -a team across the
Southern Pacific Company's tracks at
"Death's Curve," Seventh and Bay
streets, to-night Albert E. .Hawkyard,
a picture frame manufacturer of San
Francisco, was struck by the eastbound
Oakland Limited, train. No. 6. The
wagon and its load of frames were de
molished, the horse was so badly hurt
that Policeman Bock shot it, and the
driver was seriously injured about the
head. His recovery is in doubt.
- Hawkyard was driving westward and
his team got on -the track after the
crossing guards had been lowered. The
driver was unable to clear the rails be
fore the big train loomed up from the
head of the broadgauge mole.
After the accident the train was
stopped. Hawkyard was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. ..Dr. R. ,T. Stratton
paid there was evidence of a fracture of
the skull at the base, of the brain. No
limbs were broken. Hawkyard is about
40 years old. He resides at 907 York
street, San Francisco.
Nevadan Dies at Haywartls.
• HAYWARDS, Feb. 11.— S. F. Hunt
of Silver City, Nev., agad 24 years, died
last night at the Occidental Hotel here
after, a long illness. The remains will
be sent to Silver City for interment.
CUTS SPRAYING
COST ONE HALF
Warren T. Clarke of Uni
vcrsitv of California Saves
State Prune Growers Money
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Feb. 11.
Where the former cost of spraying
prune trees to rid them of the San Jose
scale was four cents a tree, it is now
only two cents a tree: This 50 per cent
reduction has been secured by Warren
T. Clarke of the University of Califor
nia after . a campaign in the prune
growing district of Kings County,
whence he has just returned. It means
an immense saving to the growers of
California and they have good reason
to rejoice over it.
Mr. Clarke, who is superintendent ot
agricultural extension, accomplished
the reduction by inventing a cheaper
means for securing a spray of the
proper consistency. The ingredients of
the spray consist of lime, sulphur, salt
and water, which under the oldLmethod
must be boiled for two hours. Now Mr.
Clarke has achieved the same results
by treating the ingredients with chemi
cals. The nature of these chemicals
Mr. Claeke will not divulge. He desires
to wait until the success of the new.
process is proved.
"It used to cost the orchardlsts two
cents a gallon for the spray," said Mr.
Clarke to-day. "As It takes two gal
lons to spray a tree that is four cents
a tree. If there are 100 trees in an
acre that means a cost Of $1 an acre.
If a man had 500 acres, say, it would
cost him $2000 to spray his orchard
every year. Under this new process
the cost Is cuMn half.'
'"Another advantage is that the work
is more thoroughly done. The orchard
laborers are likely to get careless when
they have to do a thing dVer and over
again and eo do it in a slipshod way.
If they have to boil a thing for two
hours they are apt to think an hour Is
enough, which, of course, destroys the
efficiency of the spray."
While in Kings County Mr. Clarke
treated some 1246 acres of prune trees.
WOULD CELEBRATE NEW
YEAR IX COUNTY JAIL
Chinese Prisoners Ask for Enough
Firecrackers to Scare Devil
Out of Place.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— Seventeen Fed
eral Chinese prisoners being held in the
County Jail here have petitioned Sher
iff Bishop to be allowed to celebrate
their New Year in their own peculiar
way. They wish to be allowed to set
off enough firecrackers to scare the
devil out of the jail and want enough
whisky to appease the wrath of their
god.
Their petition sets forth that they
will have no luck during the coming
year if they do not observe the New
Year's formalities, and to this end asks
that they be allowed to procure a rmai.
pig. and a chicken each for the satis
faction of themselves, with the crack
ers for the devil and the whisky for
the god.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by Ihe
County Clerk to-day: Harry F. Villers,
22, and Clara K. Legge. 24, both of San
Fiancisce; Thomas M. Williams. 64,
Brentwood, and Sarah 'D. Waddell, 55,
Oakland;' Robert Murphy, over 21, Sac
ramento, and. Louisa G." Hennessy, over
18, Grass "Valley; John E. Manerhan.
over 21, and Nellie Ward, over 18, both
of Oakland. >-
Fear for Son's Safety.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— The parents of
Harvey Darneal Jr., son of Harvey
Darneal, court stenographer, are much
worried over the reports of the naval
engagements at Port Arthur, as their
son. is now in that city, where he is
employed by a Russian trading com
pany. He is accompanied by his wife
and two children. ; .. .' .
WANTS TO KEEP
MASSIE BABY
Foster Father Says That for
Nine Years He Has Cared
Lovingly for His Charge
J)EXIES STORY OF CRUELTY
Bov Kisses the Mother Who
Deserted Him, but Says^He
Does Xot Remember Her
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 11.
Bereft of his father, who was killed
by a btHlet, and deserted by his moth
er while yet in his baby clothes. Wil
liam Massie. a bright lad of 9 years, is
the center of a legal struggle, in which
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children Is ranged on one side
and John A. Massie, the boy's cousin,
and his wife on the other. Report is
that Massie has been cruel and the so
ciety has taken action.
The case first came up last Saturday,
when John Massie appeared in court to
answer to a summons and stated that
the child was on a ranch some dis
tance from Portland, Or. Yesterday
morning Mrs. Massie and the lad v.ere
located by the Sheriff's office "at An
tioch, in Contra Costa County, and the
lad was seized there by a deputy sheriff
as he and Mrs. Massie were about to
take the train. The boy was brought,
into court in the afternoon" and Judge
Hall made an order that he be taken
out of the possession of the Massies
and placed in charge of Miss C. Anita
Whitney for safe keeping.
This morning Massie and his wife and
the boy's mother appeared in court,
represented by an attorney, and asked
that the child be given, back to them
pending the hearing of the case next
Saturday. They finally gained their
point, as Attorney W. H. O'Brien prom
ised the court that they would produce
the child at that time. Judge Hall inti
mated that he had been purposely mis
led and said:
"Mr. O'Brien, last Saturday I was
told that this child was in Oregon and
out of the jurisdiction of this court. It
was found yesterday in the next coun
ty, where 1 firmly believe it has been
all the time. I do not propose to take
any chances that this lad will not be
present at the hearing of the case."
It was, however, represented to Judge
Hall that the child was homesick, and
at his ; own request, coupled with the
guarantee of the attorney, the Judge
revoked his order of j-esterday and al
lowed the child to return to the home of
his foster-parents, who live at 1013
Linden street, Oakland.
In the background there is a rumor
that a mysterious rich uncle and aunt
of the boy would like to get him. and
it is to their door that Massie lays the
charges that have been made against
him. He now says he will adopt the
boy as soon as he gets out of his trou
ble with the society, and to this end
has found the lad's mother,' who he
says will aid him in his fight for the
child. She was in court this morning,
and though the boy kissed her when
told to do so, he knows little about her.
and looks upon Massie and his wife as
his- parents.
Though Mrs. John Massie was found
to be in Antioch with the child, she de
clares that she has been in Portland,
and that while she was there her hus
band was called upon to surrender the
child to the Oakland society. Mrs. Mas
sie admits, however, that she was only
in Portland one day and that she had
not informed her, husband of her plans.
The boy's father was killed by a bul
let fired from a revolver in the hands
of his mother. In a dying statement
made by the wounded man he exon
erated her from all blame and said that
the shooting was accidental. The baby
was hardly a year old when It was
taken by the boy's cousin, who has had
It for the last nine years.
Massie's friends declare that he idol
izes the child and has given the boy
the" best of care for years.
Operation on Pioneer.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— E. W. Haines.
a prominent pioneer of this city, was
operated on for appendicitis to-day at
East Bay Sanitarium. The patient was
resting easily to-night.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 11.
William Wolf to Louis FriedUinii»r. lot on.
NW corner of Vnn N'tss avenue and Golden
Gatf avrnu<\ N 8.i by XV 109:!>; *1<>.
Otto V. ana Mathilda von Khein to Louis
FrleiHanrter. lot on W line of Flllmore street.
C2:« S of O'FarrpJl. S 7.'» by W $":»;: $10.
Max XV. Zuckerman to Louis Gets, lot on S
line of Pacific street, 1*2 W of Scott. XV 2S by
8 127:S',4; $U\
Elpanor rj. and Jamea G. Standish to James
J. Daly, lot on N lino of HaiKht street, ICO E
of Ashbury. B 2.'> by N 100; $1O.
Pernhard McManus to Thomas H. Haskins,
lot on E line of Florida street, .*52 S of Twenty
rourth, S 15 by B 1C0: $10.
Mary McOrath to Mary A. MeKenna. undi
vided half interest In lot on SE corner Twenty
second- and Son streets. S 26:6 bv E 105. also
undivided half, Interest In lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, "a E of Guerrero. E 23
by N S7:C: (affidavit of Emma T. Singleton as
to s'ale of second parcel antl delivery of deed
attached), jrlft. • **
Mary McOrath to Ellen F. McCallisr apd Em
ma T. Singleton, undivided half Interest In
game, also affidavit as to rame by Mary A.
MoKenna: jrlft. , " <-
Patrick and Carrie I>. O" Brier to C. L. and
Saran Bleadon. lot on W line of Castro street
51 :« S of Clipper. S 25 by W HO y $lt>.
Louis and Jennie Fiiedland*^ to William
Wolf, lot on W line of .Tones street. fiS:!> N of
Post. X J«:9. W S2:6. N* 12:6, W 55. S 06:3 E
137:6; $10.
Herlry Hushtnit to Charles S. Nathan, lot on
SE line of Clary etreet. 225. SW of Fifth SW
25 hy SE S"; $10.
Fred A. Greenwood to James Gilohrist. com
mencing en center line »f outnlde lands in
block 73. distant 25«:5 S of Lake street 'and
120 XV of Second avenue, E 2. S 20 N 20 beln*
all of interest of first named party In block
lying W of lot of grantee: $.\ loclt
.James and Aeries M. Oilchrist to Ph!!limlnna
Oxen, lot on W line of Second avenue 123 v
of California rtreet. >.' 2." hy W 123- $10
Oliver D. Tobfn to Wilson Mlzner." lot on\xE
line of Twentieth avenue and A street V S73
ORDER F-OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
.Mali Thi* Order to Th« San Traaclaco Call Wit* 75c
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco. Cal.:
•Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for. which send me one
copy of The Call s Great Twentieth Century Cooh Book. (Fif'.y
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily iand Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is!
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr .'.........
STREET .V
CITY
STATE
BKAXCII OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
HIS Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn I0S3.
BERKELEY.
2 US Center Street.
North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street-'
Telephone Eajle 302.
J. H. TALBOTT. ALLEGED
* Dl'XKO MAX. OX TRIAL
Accused of Itobbinff Old Couple of
$1 00 on tui Overland Passen
ger Train.
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— J. R Talbott.
alleged bunko man, is on trial, charged
with having induced James Morrow and
wife, an old couple he met on an over
land train, to loan him S100 at the Oak
land mole, under the pretense that ho
knew their son in Orange County and
would pay them back again.
Talbott is known to the railway de
tectives, who have had him under sur
veillance for some time past, as he
travels between here and Port Costa
on overland trains. f
Talbott is positively identified by the
old couple a3 the man to whom they
gave the money. To Deputy Sheriff
Johnscn of Contra Costa It la sa!d he
admitted having taken $S0 from them.
E '133:1, — lf.lt, EK TTrt:6. W 1*0:3;. also lot
en N line of Eighteenth «tre*t. 223 E of San
chez. E-C2:«. N 2tJ2:»Vt. W to point 225 E of
Sanrhea. S 2<r7:l; also lot on W corner of
i ElRhth and Mission streets. NW 275 by SW
I 275; also lot on SE corner of California *nl
i Spring streets. E 25 by S fi2:6: also lot on Sff
I corner of Hayes and Octavla •treets. XV 137:8
by S 127: $10.
John A. and Ellen Johnston to John Collins,
lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 223 N* of
Clement street. M 25 by W 121 >: 510.
Oscar Heyman to Henry Johnson, lot on 8
line of Point Lobos avenue, 82:6 \V of Ninth.
I W 23 by S 1<X>; $10. .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Jamevjl.
I McCuiluusb, lot en S line of B street, 95 \?*of
! First avenue. W 23 by 8 100; »10.
Estat* of Charles II. Eastman <by Mark Par.
j-lsh. administrator) to Anna M. Johnson, undi
vided half of lots S and 0. block 6. Flint Tract
Homestead: $220.
Frances O. an.l Alfred Eastrcan to fame, un
divided two-thirds of same; 810.
Walter McGee to Catherine McGowan. lot 31.
block D. French and Gi'Iraan Tract, quitclaim
>\~-\: (1.
Catherine McGowan to Joseph "W. Fish, lot*
30 and ::i. block D. same; lift
C. J. and Ellen Hartt (O'Xeill) to Jane
Sheridan, lot on E line of Gerard street. 2!X> N
of f illiman. E 120 by tt 100, let 7. block 1.
University Extension; $5.
George P. jjpurovich to MtEwen Brcs. (a cor
poration*. !ot on E line of Clayton street, 13b. 84
N' ')t Ashbury. N* 1'5. E !C'.S. S\V 30. SI. W
74.20, lot 3, block K. Park Lane 7: »10.
Builders* Contracts.
Edwar-l S. Rothschild (owner) with Frank
Simonart (contractor), .^fc-hitect Frank S. Van
Trees — Gradlnif for a fm>- story basement and
attic frame residence on SW corner of Gough
and Jackson streets, S CO by XV 12i:<*'»: *lJtfK>.
Edward S. Rothschild fo-arner> with Quimby
4 HarreUon (contractors), architect Fran* S.
Van Trees — Concrete, retaining wall* l"t
walls, trenches and copirss on N and E.wall*
for a two-story and basement and attic frame
residence on SW corner of Congh and Jackson
streets. S CO by XV 12T»:*i.,»: $.'K4>>.
Same owner with Ma"ory & dwenson (con-
I tractors), architect same — Excavating, con-
I Crete, marble, brick. Iron and steel, carpenter,
tinning, glass work, painting, ir.ill work etc.,
fcr pame on same; $Z\,ZGO.
Peter Nelson (owner) wl:h A. Dahlbcrs ■ t* a
tractor). plans by owner — All work for a threa
storr frame building en N line of '"a 'if. >!-.■.*
street 27:«t XV of Second avenue X 10U \V
25. S 1C5. E 25: sr. <;-;<>. .
A. B. HammoTnJ (owner) with Rational
Electrical Company (contractor?'), architect J.
E. Krafft — Electric light, telephone and bell
speakisg tubes, etc.. for a three-story and
j basement brick residence on N line of Broad
i way, 137 :<> E of Flllmore street E 57 :G by
N 137 :«; *2305.
Same owner with Western Repair and Sup
ply Company (contractors), architect same—
Plumbing, ga-'flttlng. ventilatlnK and hot water
heating for came on same; $10,312 50.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 11.
Jnhn Hackett to Oakland College of Medlcin*
and Surgery. lot on X line of Thirty-first
ttreet. J15 W of Crov.-. XV iO by X 1«>. lot C
block 2UT7. Rowland Tract, Oakland (recorded
February 10. 1904); lli>.
II. M. gmlth to Elmer C. Smith, lot on S
line of Eighteenth street. ICO E cf drove. E
25. S S8.1W. NYV 23. N SsS.Sl, lot U6. JoSnson
Tract. Oakland: *1«>.
F. J. and Dell C, "Woodward to Joseph S.
Scott, tot on SW line of East Fourteenth
ttreet. 143 NW of Fifth avenue. NW 37:tJ. SW
143, SE 32:tt. XE 43, SE 5. XE 100. block IS.
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Edith C. and Wiley B. Epley to Rudolph W.
Koch, lot on E corner of East Sixteenth street
and, Seventh avenue. SE 55 by XE 100, block
84. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Frank E. and Mary Armstrong to Arthur
M. Lucas, lot on S line of Hearst avenue (Col
lege way), distant E 176:3 from E line cf
Shattuck avenue, etc.. E 177:104 by S 124:t>.
' lot 3 and portion of let 4. block A, Villa lots
adjacent to university site on west, Berkeley:
•» also lot on X line of Berkeley way. 2S3.:9 E of
Shattuck avenue, etc.. E 47:3 by X 124:0.
portion of lot 11, block A. same map, Berkeley:
«1O.
Alafheda Savings Bank to Charles S. Xeai.
lot on E line of Weber street. 425 S of Cen
tral avenue, S W> by E 100. lot 123. Enclnal
Park Tract, Alameda: $10.
Charles S. and Annie L. Neal to Harriet B.
Xeal (wife of Charles W.). same; gift.
William J. Gorham to Theresa A. Gorham
(wife), all Interest In lot 'on SW corner of
I Chestnut street and Alameda avenue. W 54 by
5 K>0. portion of lots 1. 11 and 10. block 6,
Bartlett Fifty-acre Tract. Alameda; gift.
Sarnh J. ani William Watkins to Carol*
Kuss (wife of P. X. Kuss). lot on X line of
Thirty-first street, 2S2.75 W of Telegraph av«
nue. W 50 by X IV). lot 41. block 203«. Row
! land Tract. Oakland: *t"
Jacob Hllriebrand to Morris H. Lane, all in
terest In lot £>. block F. map No. 2 of Linden
Vista Terrac", Oakland; $ .
Ajrnes Borland (widow) to David M. Baxter.
lot on E line of Summit street, 107 X of Twen
ty-eighth (Merrlmac). X US by E 90.03, beln»
X 2.H feet cf lot !••. map of Borland property.
Oakland. <> •-■•! and agreement; $10. ■
Frances and Fred E. Harris j to Mary A.
' James «wl<iow>. lot "n N line of Mernmae
street. T>07.04 W of Telejrraph avenue. W 4O
fcy K 70.i>«. lot 12. Austin Park. Oakland: $10i
KatP A. Oarothers iex?cutrl.x of the estate of
■ J. T. Camth»rs) to' John B. Chase, all interest
t In lots U an<i 13. block «. Case tract. Berkeley;
$400.
Rosa an.l Simon Fischel and Jacob and U!y
I Eaum (wife) to Uzzie Mix (wife of .lames
• MixV re-record S7« n. .°^i4. lot !*. block 22.
'■ property en X line of Byrne street In Berkeley
Villa tract. Berkeley: $10.
> Llzz'.e Mix twifo of Jam's> t» C A. Mix. r%-
I reccrd *!).*» D. 1?. undivided half interest in
Kno'on B and Elizabeth F.3pitl«r to WHHarn
i and Pauline Harder (wife). lots on W line of
I r?*cvc «tr«-tt. 40 S of Ashby avenue (Mason).
' S 40, W S'J. N SW. E S2. being portion of lota
IS to "V »»'ock ". mapped subdivision of block
T. Central Park tract. Berkeley; $u>.
E A and Annie Kobor to H. A. Morln
(trustee) lot on E line of Iwirel strtet. 120
S of . Clinton avenue. S 40 by E 1W. lot ».
' block A Bellevue tract. Alameda: >10.
Cecil T. Walker (sinsfle) to Union Savings
I Bank lots on N lin* of Alameda avenue. 25<>
W of Oak street. TV 130 by X \Sf>. lots 2. .T and
I 4 of E hatf or Block C. lands adjacent to En
l clnal. Alameda: $10.PASTOR EXPELS
YOUNG MEMBER
Business Methods of Charles
J. Haars Are Investigated by
Kev. A. C. Bane and a Jury
METHODISTS' FIRM STAND
Condemns Real Estate Man to
Banishment From Church and
Defendant Will Now Appeal
A unique trial ha? been proceeding
»t the Howard -street Methodist
Church, in which the business meth-
Bds of Charles J. Haars, a real estate
tg?nt and yo'^n? member of the
rhurch, have been under investigation.
The Rev. Mr. Bane, the pastor, and
«■ jury of members of the church have
listened to the charges, which were:
First, that Haars obtained a loan from
A. H. Junod cf 51000 by false pretenses
tnd representation in connection with
a mortgage on certain property located
at T57 Howard street; and second, that
be had been jruilty of falsehood in the
transaction with Jurod.
The charges, which were made by
Arnold Nelson, a member of the church,
began on Thursday night, February 7,
and the case did not terminate until
iast night, when the Jury brought In
a verdict of guilty on both charges.
There had been a mass of evidence
produced by John Ralph Wilson, who
appeared as prosecuting attorney, and
records from the County Recorder's of
fice were put in evidence to prove the
case against Haars, and fully a dozen
Witnesses were called.
After the jury had brought In Its
verdict the Rev. Mr. Bane pronounced
Judgment, expelling Haars from the
Methodist church. Haars gave notice
of appeal to the quarterly conference.
BAY THEY FIXD DEFECT
IX A VOTING MACHINE
Frank C. Jordan Meets a Perplexing
Problem Before the Ixw Angeles
Board of Supervisors.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11.— "Whether
or not it will be possible for a dis
honest voter to beat the voting ma
chines which are Intended mechanic
ally to prevent fraud and insure honest
elections Is now a mooted question,
because of a seeming defect which has
bf»en pointed out to the Board of Su
pervisors by Walter F. X. Parker, for
.mer expert of the State's Board of
Examiners and now the political rep
resentative of the Southern Pacific
Ilailroad in thi? city. Frank Jordan,
clerk of the Supreme Court, is here
trying to induce this county to pur
chase the Standard voting machines,
one of the two which the State com
mission has approved. He appeared
before the Board of Supervisors and in
the presence of a number of politi
cians and offiicals was extolling .the
virtues of his machine, when Parker
interposed a question which may re
suit in Los Angeles Cqunty not in
restins In machines for the present.
Parker's point is that any voter may
vote for any piven enndidate and then
vote a second time for the same can
didate by simply writing the name of
s:.< h candidate in the blank space pro
\ided for registering votes for any per
f=on whom a voter may desire to vote
■for. It was admitted that the ma
chines do not cover this point com
pletely and the Supervisors have de
ferred the purchase of machines pend-
Its a legal opinion on the matter.
Senator Leavitt's machine was not rep
resented.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 11. — Rain has
been falling steadily since 1 o'clock
thi? afternoon. At midnight the pre
cipitation amounted to .25. The rain
5« of sreat benefit to the Sacramento
Valley, and ranchers are rejoicing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
?L\KE PEACE WITH
YOUR STOMACH
Yon Art? Certain to Ix>se If You At-
tempt the Use of Force and
Violence.
You cannot force your stomach to do
rrork that It is unable and unwilling
to do. It has been tried time and time
again with always the same result.
The stomach is a good and faithful
servant, but when pushed beyond the
limit it rebels. Some stomachs win
stand much more abuse than others,
but every stomach has Its limit, and
v.-hen that limit Is reached It is a very
dangerous and unwise proceeding to
attempt to force it Into doing further
■work. The sensible and reasonable
course Ik to employ a substitute to
carry on the work of digestion and give
the stomach an opportunity to recu-
perate and regain its lost strength.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
only perfect substitute to take up and
carry on the work of tired, worn out
Etomachs. They are natural and eaey
in their work and cause no disturb-
ance in the digestive organs. They con-
tain all of the essential elements that
rr.ake up the gastric juice and other
dipestSve fluids and will digest any
food thai/ a strong, healthy stomach
.■will, and do it in the same time and
in the same way. They work indepen-
dently of surrounding conditions and
the fact that the stomach is weak or
diseased docs not influence them at all
in their useful and effective work.
They will digest food just as well in
a Siass jar or bottle as they will In a
rtomach. You can see that for your-
self by putting one of them into a jar
with a square m^-al and some water to
enable it to work.
Stuarts Dyspspsla Tablets, by thus
relieving th? stomach of its work, en-
able that orsan to rezi and recuperate
and regain its health and strength.
The process is perfectly natural and
plain. Nature will heel the stomach
juft as fchc heals a wound or a broken
limb, if she is not interfered with and
is permitted to do her work in her own
way. AM interference is prevented by
Stuart's D>>pej»t?:a. Tablet?. *
Smart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
rale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box and if you are afflicted
with dyspepsia, one box will make you
feel ZO times better. Ycj wiil forget
you have a stomach and rejoice in the
forgetfulness. No drussist would be
so short-sighted as to try to get a!ons
without Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
for ;'-ey arc so popular and are so well
known for the good they have done
and the happiness they have caused
that any druggist caught without them
lose the confidence cf his cus-
tomers and be regarded as below the
standard. His business would suffer as
a result and his patrons would go to
other stores and buy their other drugs
there as - ell as their Stuart's Dyspep-
ela Tablets.
INTERVENTION OF AMERICAN
WILL COST HIM A SENTENCE
Judge Conlan Finds Fred P. Scott Guilty for
Battering a Russian in Argument Over the
War Question —Search for Sister Rebuked
According to the latest and most
reliable sources, drawn from the Po
lice Court presided over by" Judge
Conlan, the Russo-Japanese war has
been "intervened" by America.
Wednesday night Fred P. Scott, who
claims descent from the commander
of the United States forces at the bat
tle of Vera Cruz, became involved in
an argument with Peter Vladivostok
Whitski, a native of the Volga River
section and an ardent Russian.
What happened to Whitski is really
too painful to tell. He looked on riv
ers of blood and he viewed the far
northern constellations. Sometimes
he grasped at shadowy forms of loved
ones long lost and they slipped from
his hands. It was a frightful quarter
of an hour.
When he awoke he was on neutral
ground in the saloon of A. Carlson, a
Swedish man. He was cared for like
a stricken soldier by the Red Cross
nurses, and Scott was Don Juan on
first base to aid the injured man.
There really was nothing but patriot
ism behind the assault.
Whitski viewed himself yesterday
morning and concluded he had been
sadly abused. That is the first con
clusion he would naturally come to
after he lamped around a bit. So he
swore out a warrant agaist Scott and
the case was before Judge Conlan yes
terday.
All would have been well for Scott
had it not been for a diminutive Jap,
who butted in unexpectedly. Scott
testified that the Russian, in discuss
ing the war, had made remarks about
the United States that an American
could not stand for reasonably. The
Russian was called to the stand and
said that he was not sure who hit him
and really couldn't identify his as
sailant. It came so suddenly, he said,
that it was like the Russian warships
in tha cold waters of Port Arthur.
He was hull-up before he knew it.
Scott and Whitski had evidently ar
ranged a protocol. Then along came
an intervenor in the person of Finna
hashi Marrideorr, a Jap, who is al
lowed the high privilege of cleaning
out the saloon where the trouble oc
curred. He testified that Scott was
the man who beat the Russian and
the witness thought Whitski got
merely what was coming. On this
testimony the Judge was compelled
to find Scott guilty of battery and will
sentence him to-day. It is about a
one to six bet that the sentence will
be lightly laid.
• • »•
Charles Hanlon, who was gathered
into custody for disturbing the peace,
was before Judge Mogan yesterday.
He was arrested because he approach
ed a number of women conferences in
front of the ferry building, and when
the groups broke up he followed them
persistently.
He told the Ju^ge that he was look
ing for a long-lost sister, who left her
happy "home yeahs and yeahs ago."
He said he hoped to find her among
the groups in front of the ferry build
ing and his insistence In disturbing
bunches of women was due to the fact
that he hoped to recognize his missing
relative. The plea did not buy any
thing, and he was sentenced to three
months in the County Jail.
Mary Dixon was before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday orv a charge of bat-
NEW YORK BANK
CLOSES DOORS
Equitable National Collapses
and Comptroller Places Ex
aminer Bidgley in Charge
V*'ASHINGTON, Feb. 11. — The
Equitable National Bank of New York
City was closed yesterday by direction
of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
National Bank Examiner Edward
Ridgley has been appointed receiver.
The failure is due to bad loans and
Injudicious management The vol
ume of business done has alwavs been
Email and has decreased so greatly In
the last few weeks that the failure is
almost without significance. It in no
way Involves any other national bank.
The Equitable had practically no busi
ness'with banks outside of New York
City.
The assets and liabilities are given
at 5652.821. The bank's capital was
$200,000 and it had deposits of $395,
272.
BREMEN. F«b. 11.— The banking
firm of Stephen Leurmann & Son has
failed The assets are estimated at
5250 000 and the liabilities $1,500,000.
Bcides Bremen, the principal places
affected are New York, London and
p., rMQ
WOLFBORO, N. H.. Feb. ll.-The
doors of the Wolfbora Loan and
Banking Company here were closed
Wednesday by State Savings Bank Ex
aminer Baker. The savings depart
ment was closed Monday, when the
bank commissioners found a shortage
or $25,000 in the accounts of Cashier
Piper, who is ill at his home.
Attachments for $30,000 have been
placed by the company on property
held by Piper. • ' ;^
The trust and banking departments
have liabilities estimated at $180,000
and carried before the run about $75,
000 in deposits. The savings depart
ment has deposits of about $170,000,
which constitute the, bulk of liabilities.
FLOATING OF A CUBAN LOAN
IS TEMPORARILY POSTPONED
Representatives of Eastern Banking
i Institutions Hold Important Con
lereuce with President Palmn.
HAVANA, Feb. 11.— The report is
J circulated here that the S35.000.000
j Cuban loan will not be floated until
the* monetary conditions are more fa
vorable than they are at present.
I President Palma and the Secretary of
j the Treasury were practically, so in-
I formed at «'i conference held at th»
! palace to-night, at which were pres
j ent representatives of the National
1 City Dank of New York, the Kulr.i,
j L.oeb & Co. syndicate. Sooyer Bros,
nnd other banking institutions inter
i estcJ in the matter. The fact that the
j loan is not to be floated at the pres
1 out time is not regarded as a reflection
i on Cuba's^ credit, but is due solely to
I the, war situation in the Far East
Wnrsllip Ordered to Santo Domingo.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— News
having reached the State Department
that the Jiminez rebels were tearing
up the American railroad between
Puerto Plata and . Santiago in Santo
Domingo, the State Department has
caused a warship to be ordered to the
former port.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY; ; 12^ 1904.
tery. She is employed in a Pacific
street saloon and her duties are to sell
beer at 51 per bottle. The strenuous
life she leads grated on her nerves
Wednesday night, and when a cus
tomer began to make light of her oc
cupation she threw a beer glass at
him. With the proverbial woman's
aim she missed her intended mark and
landed heavily on W. J. O'Neill, who
was on the firing line, and cut a deep
gash in his face.
O'Neill, who is employed as a ma
chinist at the Union Iron Works, had
no desire to prosecute, and Mary was
dismissed with an injunction to study
up on Rube "VVaddell and the art of
cutting the corner of the plate.
Samuel Bowen, who is a grocer In
Los Angeles, but who has no connec
tion with Goldberg, Bowen & Co. of
this city, avas before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, on two charges of passing
fictitious checks. He admitted that he
had been on a "whiz" that would put
an electric motor out of business in
seven and three-quarter minutes.
Joe Poheim, the tailof, and W. A.
Roberts, a liquor dealer, who accepted
Bowen's paper to the amount of two
$10 checks, told the court that they
had no desire to prosecute, as the mat
ter had . been settled. . Accordingly
Bowen was allowed to journey back to
the southland.. .-.'..
John Kruger is the blithesome but
terfly who winged his way .into the
Palace Hotel, signed the name of "Jack
Corbett" to the register and then or
dered a $50 suit of clothes from a. cloth
ing house. The clothes were delivered
and Kruger wore them off, while a
menial messenger awaited; his coming
with payment for the raiment.
The police located the man in the at
tire and he was 'before Judge Fritz
yesterday. Lame excuses and previous
records were listened to and at the end
Kruger was given six months in the
County Jail, where he can get clothes
for nothing, if need be.
Chris Miller was so busily engaged In
reading The Gall bulletins of the Rus
so-Japanese war Wednesday night that
he forgot the expectorating ordinance.
Every time that an exclusive piece of
news'came forth he took another chew
of tobacco and said, "By Gar, d-e-e-s
is de stuff!" Then he spat plentifully
until the congregated crowd was In
danger of a flood.
Policeman . Dan Driscoll happened
along in time to keep the throng from
being overwhelmed by the yellow peril.
Judge Slogan dismissed Miller yester
day on the ground that the superior
war news furnished by The Call was
an excuse for making any one forget
an ordinance.
Theodore Ellenbach is one of those
fresh and dangerous Germans who
have been in the habit or frightening
women in the neighborhood south- of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. He wan
ders about and peers through the win
dows at the dead hours of night. In
that district he is known as "Jack the
Peeper."
When the police finally ran him down
they found him an occupant of a filthy
hovel as dirty and degraded as himself.
He was before Judge Fritz yesterday
and was sentenced to six months in the
County Jail.
SAY THEY HAVE A CORNER
OX THE RADIUM SUPPLY
Apents of British Capitalists Purchase
Land Bearlns Mineral PJtchblend
In Lower Callfoma.
SUPERIOR, WIs., Feb. 11.— Dr. J. G.
Barnsdale of this city and two English
physicians have what they claim will
prove to be a corner on the radium
supply, of this country. Representing
largely British capital, they have pur
chased 300.000 acres of land bearing
mineral pitchblend in Lower Califor
nia. They claim that the deposits on
these lands will enable them to cut the
price of radium from $6,000,000 to $2,
500,000 a pound.
Dr. Barnsdale, who Is a specialist in
X-ray work, lived in Lower California
more than twenty years ago, and at
that time discovered the land with
mineral pitchblend deposits. He never
supposed it would be of value, but re
cently decided to investigate. He and
his companions on their trip went from
the British Northwest to Mexico in their
search for all pitchblend deposits they
could find. The result was the pur
chase of 200.000 acres at $350,000. The
samples of pitchblend have been tested
and it Is claimed that the results sho.v
that the owners of these deposits wiil
now be able to produce radium at half
the expense now required. Dr. Barns
dale left to-night for Chicago to In
spect some smelter machinery and he
claims that In ninety days his company
will be producing radium ovhich will be
put on the market at $2,500,000 per
pound.
BOSS OF TAMMANY HALL
OPPOSES INSTRUCTIONS
Believes New York Delegation to' Na
tional Convention Should Be
Free and Untrammeled.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Charles F.
Murphy, leader of Tammany HaU,
says that he is opposed to any plan to
have the State Democratic Convention
instruct the delegates to St. Louis for
any particular Presidential candidate.
Murphy said:
"It is my i-'ea that the New York
delegation should go to the national
convention uninstructed and in a po
sition to do what Is best for the inter
ests of the party. Instructions wouM
hamper us and I don't stand 1 lor
them."
The Advertiser's Handy Guide, Vol
ume XVI,
Han Just been Issued by the Lyman D. Morn
Advertising Ajrcncy. whosn reputation In the
advertising field Is world, wide. It Is a standard
work "of reference, indispensable to advertisers,
large and fimall, and as Important to the buyer
of Fpate as a "price current" Is to a buyer of
gorri! 1 . . '
Not the least of its Important features la (ts
condensed form. It may be carried with ease In
the pocket, and as such commends' ItselJ to
every traveling salesman who contracts for ad
vertising In the towns along his route, its
up-to-date character is shown, by the" addition
of a list of publications In Cuba. West Indies
Mexico. Central America and South America.
In addition to this and the general list of
dally and weekly newspapers, are special lists
of class publications grouped, under the follow
ing heads: Magazines. Medical Journals. Agri
cultural and Religious papers and those In for
eign laugnagea.
it may be obtained from the publishers—
Lyman D.. Morse Advertising Agency,, 38 Park
Row, Xew York; on receipt of the price. $2.
Members of Press Entertained.
The Press Club gave a midnight
smoker to the. members of the San
Francisco press last night, which was
largely attended by the newspaper
men of the city. Witticisms, humor,
song, mirth and"; jollity reigned su
preme. Professional: talent was much
in evidence and added to the big suc
cess of the entertainment.
JUDGE ORDERS
AN ACQUITTAL
Instructs Jurors to Find Ver
dict of Not Guilty in Cases
Against Colorado Militiamen
ACTED UNDER ORDERS
Court Declares That They Did
Xot Illegally Imprison Citi
zens During Kecent Strike
CRIF-PLE CREEK. Colo./ Feb. 11.—
Judge Lewis in the' District Court to
day, after a lengthy, review of the cita
tions and arguments of . attorneys on
the motion to dismiss the criminal cases
against' Adjutant General Sherman M.
Bell, Brigadier General John Chase and
Major Thomas E. McClelland, charged
with having Illegally imprisoned citi
zens, in the bull-pen, ordered the Jury
to bring in a verdict of not guilty, and
this was done. .
Judge Lewis In his opinion said that
it was not for the court to decide
whether Governor Peabody did right or
wrong in declaring Teller County to be
In a state of Insurrection and rebellion.
The military .officers acted under the
orders- of their superior, and In the
opinion of the court ;the prisoners were
not detained in excess of the time re
quired' to gather information against
them. . 1 -■-.■•-■ ;
■ The charges against the military of
ficers .were made by Sherman Parker,
W. F. Davis, Charles, G.'Kennison and
Thomas Foster, leaders of the striking
miners, each of whom was confined in
the bull-pen two months or more. . '
Ivlcn tenant General Young Is \ HI.
HAVANA, Feb.; "■; , 11. — Lieutenant
General S. B. M. Young/ U. S.A., re
tired, Is confined at the home of Ma
jor Runcle here, suffering from liver
trouble. . The attending physician
says his condition is not serious.
THE TROUBLES :AVITH ' '■>
. THE STORE CLERKS
Women Wlio Grumble at the~ Way
They Are Treated by Those Who
Should Be Deferential.
"Of course, like every other rational
mortal, I like to know all there is to
know abou* things, especially If it
costs nothing to acquire the informa
tion," said a bright little woman to her
companion as they were disposing of
an eclair and luncheon in a de
partment-store-last week. ."But 1 do
detest having a clerk ■ treat me like a
regular baby and insist upon dabbling
out chinks of information about his
wares and even spelling the names of
some of them. That's what happened
to-day. I do not pretend to be a con
noisseur, but f. am reasonably familiar
with the art pottery that one sees In
the ordinary shop, and this little fel
low Insisted upon spelling the names of
all the stock for me, and adding dabs
of personal opinion as to the artistic
and commercial value of the different
wares. To cap the performance, he
toted me to a corner where there were
some freaky, ugly-,lOQkinE. things on
display and remarked with a nourish
of his arm and an air of undisputable
authority, 'These are gnomes, and the
word Is spelled k-n-o-m-e-s.' I escaped
and after lunch I'm going to look at
art pottery In a shop where the clerks
sell by pantomime."
"My experience was Just about the
same a couple of days ago," said- the
friend, "only the stock was furniture.
The clerk spelled 'Vernis-Martln' and
told me .how to pronounce it and gave
out some other nuggets from his store
house of knowledge. Then he showed
me some specimen rooms, among them
one fitted up in Louis XV style. I may
not know Louis XV furniture when I
see it, but I do know modern furniture,
so I got one inning and brought the
lecture to a close by asking 'why
twentieth century table and cabinet
■were included in the furnishings* of a
Louis XV room.' " — -Brooklyn Eagle.
A FUZZLIXG PROBLEM
IX EXCHANGE VALUES
Sharp Work of a Border Bum
• Gives Thought for
. Financiers. .
"On New Year's eve, while we were
sitting out the old year, somebody
started the following appalling fiscal
problem. We have spent our time ever
since in seeking a solution, and are
now driven to ask your readers to help
us:
"In the United States a Mexican dol
lar has an exchange value of only 99
cents. In Mexico a United States dol
lar has the same value. On the fron
tier of the United States, where Texas
joins Mexico, are two drinking saloons,
one on each side of the frontier. A man
buya a 10-cent drink of whisky at the
American saloon and pays' with an
American dollar. He receives In
change a Mexican dollar. Therewithal
he goes to the Mexican saloon and buys
a drink of whisky, receiving an Ameri
can dollar in exchange. It is evident
that the limit to his purchasing power
is merely the length of time he can
continue on his feet. He wakes event
ually with a bad headache and the
original American dollar with which he
started.
"The puzzling question is — who paid
for the whisky?"— r i . James London
Gazette. ' ;
Plends "Official Death."
A curious incident occurred In an
English police court recently- when a
man named Travis was sentenced to
a month's Imprisonment for obtain
ing a postal order by false pretenses.
He pleaded that he was "officially
dead," and his story was that when
with the British army in South Af
rica he' deserted^-- obtained some
clothes from the Kaffirs, made his
way to the coast and worked his pass
age home. He then discovered" tha(
he, was reported dead, and though he
subsequently gave himself : up- as a
deserter the War Office gave . an of
ficial -assurance that he had" "died at
the front," and would not arrest him.
— New York Tribune.
Would Fill Every Need.
A young man desiring to, settle in
Indian Territory Wrote a letter of; in
quiry to one of J.he principal chiefs of
the Cherokee nation. This was thV
reply: "Young man, if you come
down in the Cherokee country I will
give you 160 -acres -of. Grand River
land and also a ;herd of cattle and
will', also supply you with, a Cherokee
wife."— New York Tribune.
THE EMP0B1X7M | * THE EMPORIUM* { THE _EM_POBITO.^
New Arrivals — \i2*le*ntinC*^ Largest. Assortment Remnants j*
$t2y 2 ana $15 * **r****l n ***> Lowest Prices : : : Dress Goods %
Women's Suits *7&* X?* r £ % • %/ Ji,% \
To-Day and '* Ott «
Saturday Only Tke Aireadv Reduced *
• <& T CfrfS CAuroRNtA-s large Remnant Prices S
%P MmXr& ' ■Mijy^jfflHiaiU^' 1 "'' america-s grandest store, To-Day Onlv. °5
Sale of 10,000 Yartfs 1904 Ribbons \
At a Littte More than Half Price |
.The Emporium's first great ribbon sale of the year. A portion of an enormous ribbon purchase, j»
made a few days ago by our buyers in New York, on sale until closing, time Saturday nighty (if the -J
10,000 yards last that long), at a little more than half the prices these same qualities will sellrfor regu> x
larly during the season. * x " ;. : x
Satin Surah Ribbons— Worth -40c * yard, +}{ inches Blaok MoIrO Ribbon— A 35c quality, 4# finches wide,,. X
widr, in wh.tr, cream, light blus, turquoise, rose and lavtnier, the th: ribbon of which the Filth Arenue "f{£f% "■-. %
__ kind used for hati, wiheJ, neck ribboni AA' bows are made of; tale price, yard . . »£FCr /r»k X
a. &P>i and decDratin e bows J sale P rice » > ard «»«*» Printed Warp Ribbon— a zoc quality, U$ru •
JflMsiL, DrBStien Hair Ribbons— • Worth double i^ inchts wiie, hemstitched edge, in dainty tprin^ -*\]Kji3t» X
jn~jffijjl .the aale price, I inch u id;, choice quality, #">— colorings, the kind m;d for ths Broai- 4 JMdf% Sj-T^jaB -*
FlMStt dainty color effecti; sale price, yard . . '. && way bow; during this lale, yard. . . J *r%* M|i^*fl| \
WWjL Boivs tied, by experts free of charge, _^ — **>*/^uh *
§&i& Skirts P^^t^Ml 5 0° Suspenders 33 o \
Friday and Saturday. \__^3» }$gPS&j {And Other Good Values.') J
» . . We will guarantee that you hire never bought inch food tospenden «i jg
.- A few. dozen each Of five different Styles, for the theic for lesi than 50c a pair; they are made of extra good webi, with) S
tWO days if quantity lasts, at a third leSS than Morocco Cantab and kid endt, good patterns, food coloring*. Better* £
their actual valu-s ■ " buy tW or four pairf of thcf= at t °- di y' t ind Saturda y ¥i x
ineir actual VrtlU.b. ipecial price. A rare bargain, pair «2>«9 C X
$1.25 "NeanHk" Skirts— Black and white, with flare flounce and ■ ]\ _ * 8 ,- , . , . *
.titched bands of plain black sateen ... . , 89o Men s ***" Underwe.r-Med.um weight, Men's Fancy Hose- X
$i. S cf Mercerized Skirts-plain black, well made . . . . . . Q5O b «"* Merin0 ' Vic^ 1 lnd Ctm f' b ™> Th . C MW . Me ". *?' J
; Sateen'Skirts-B!ack and . whit.% with flare flounce and trimmed e «" made; each. . . $1.50 f^J* £J™J- J
* .with' plain bias folds of Mteen;' sale price . . . ... • -$lm1O Men's Golf Shifts— Early tpring arrhraTa, dotted efFecti; good, X
*,1. 75 ".Mercerized Sateen Skirts — PJain black, with accordeon pleated plain white and blue, and neat figured looking, good wear- . 5
fbunces and wide full du<t ruffles; tale prices Si '25 and $1,29 effects on white ground . . . . S1.0O ing socks; pr. 25O 5
■ 4& New Spring Suits Boys' Suits |
!^S From Hew York The 1SO4 Norfolk *
JSffsae*leg»fS 4*1 f$ HO fn Genuine Scotch J
J&Sfe""^?'" • 1 1 fOr Olir first important Offering The great manufacturbg con- jr*^ *
I J^ <\\ L\ - Of I9O4 Clothing for Men. ««»» >n the Eait, who citer to &g\ %
tk'^W- I -«'Jm r- : • /-.1 i.- l • j ' t - ths wants of "Little Men," in- Tf* / M
ie5at^ .■ K '- : v ■'- v : fitf Emporium Clothing has improved yeany. f . • . , „ . . AsX -«
IK-i ■■■•>•■ ;-|* '■"•■£« ixr l ■ l l r j t .f form us that tha leadm; suit a jfFK «
\asfc' :^'l : -~-$T We know that buyers of ready-to-wear clothing never . . . f. «
' yBBP*"-*'" A^ : *f 1 ■ c 1.1 tri.- .u the race for popularity this spring ; a ■>»
iSEk^- 1 / k' i.32 before got so much real value for their money as they r ., J • 6 &■ [:>T\ X
■ jBafc*-"/ » r: va ,- 1 t 1 1 • • - u and summer will be the Norfolk. & Jv '111 *
tS6bs£4\ VmS? -did here last season; and we arc going to give them fi£. & 1 ■ 5
■HEfX 11 lj»?3 i_ t . 1! l • • Our first •hipment to arnre— S *t »•-'- <J<> i
Bl'»" $5a<'.'i better values than those were, th:s season, as 13 evi. / . . jStf^'-^z*' -2E
fFSS-'^'lS&tt-"* 1 j 1 l i- c • i b'S ca - e » full— u a particularly fafe >-vlii? J*
ESS^B^tJ ■ denced by the big assortment of spring arrivals now * *„ ,Z - r Wm : £fil %
K.i.yt^'. ,. , , ? fttchmf hne ofNorfolksm genu- ■"{ : :V-f!\ «
fipi--- w£ ' on disp;ay and sale. . " . ' M-pj •
Hp® '•'•.? K^'i me Scotch homespuns, fashioned tJS-- .,{
Hffrt" - : fc¥l i And even now, while our clothing it far ahead of the ordinirr run . . . •- , W~^^ — J •*
fSBSf ; "IV 1 c 1 • u -I • 1 t v v Wlt h the new split pleat. Ths 5*-v— *^ %
Hga 1 ! jitj • of tailoring, we sha 1 try to improve on present values, although r r &^^?J^r 5
■■] $ij it hardly teems possible 'to do so*. siaes are for ages 8 to 14 years. ti& '■$ X
Hi P' The Suits that we off.-r at Ten Dollars hirt just armed New Yorkt| "elusive clothing §M : > J
JESs-i 'Mi frum a gooJ wholesa!; tailoring establishmmt. They arc jtcres are selling them for J8.50, jjfjiT *
Hf'"/ 1 ij perfectly tailored garments in the new spring fash'ons, but we hare marked these at the , W&l ■ ."•
fSm' S«| made of Scotch effectf, fancy ca»:meres, attract'tre . . ■ . M'l ' X
Kf i iif, , ... t - »v • «i •„ _- very modeit introductory . price We %
CaLj' T«. tweeds and the popular homespuns. You will jjff^ uZH iS^ft K^t m
EL 1 ' like them. You will buy them on sight, «- SSis%^S & 1$ ■' $t &£ P^fTf} ' "%
ffij pecially at tht v;ry low introductory price at f/f gUBf %j? 00 B^P^Jf tT^^S %
ammmm^T~7Zr^ m^^^^Z~ m^^~"^^^^^^~ m ~~ mmm ~ m ~^^^^ m '^~ m ~^^^~~ Eton Russian Sailors — A new spring con- v
Other Sales Dress Nets gSSjgSiSS $6.5O |
TPQirSj&iflllY/ New Washible Suits— An astonishingly large X
„ ... ., *r , .- *&*&%* as3or;m:nt for so early in ths season, both -*
Space Will not allow of an extend- Wngtfh „_ fn s1 oo V£ x the Russ-an and tailor effect,; th S eariv buver J
ed description of the many stecial of- Worth up to S1.OO ytk wdl get the best section. x
ferine that are daily made by the big To-Day Only-^00 yard, of fine quality Was hab'e Russan BIou« Suit, •«
■store These are too important, how- f ot:ed Po : nt d ' E ,prit and plain «/ n^ #/ SO aiirfii OO 5
ever, to be omitted entirely. J . ,, . , :. ,. r • ,„ • " *'*T v . ou aBO *«« l '«' *
y »» M^» ##••*>•■• C» «f/c Toica Net, suitable for waist?, skirts and Washable Sailor buits X
wpsuanu union ouns ent5rc |u - t pcrfect black^ 4J inches wlde> si .00, $1.25 and S 2.00 *
Half Price worth up to $l.oo the prd, AA A » '•
8 styles of the world famous Vpsilanti Union at Jtflf f tf LMfG %
Suitr for women; regularly* 1. 50 to #10.50 • MXr~UUerMGS-*.&tlUUrS
each, on sale now. . 7BC tO SS.OQ % wmr _ -. B'*+ SjJCCfalS 2 DaVS *
French LingcHe && C *jUBtBtS && C But! erSale- Good Firkin Cream- x
Gne-Third Off r^»M»^nniv ery, by the pound \ZoG 5
Biautiful hand-mad: French Undergarments rnumy uniy Kona Coffee- Hawaiian blend, lb., .. #fl© jf
that have been slightly soiled or muss:d — Felt Tuiiett — red or J&k Swiss Cheese — Finest Imported Emanthal, ]%
gowns, drawers, chemises, corset covers black, tur trimmed and j<^ ' jmfeRt > " 1 * ••••-• 28O f
and skirts that were $2. 2^ to Si 8.00 each; felt lined; made on th? fgg^ J3bj\ Sardines— Imported Yacht Club, a tins 25c "5
now S1*5O to $12mOO new opera last, with hind- Grape Nuts — Cero Fruito, Fores or Malta "^
Safe Of ROtSer BrOSm' turnci slts > J^^^^S Vi:a, » packages r . 25O ,T
1RO.7 <*;fvnrwarf» th= rf S uir </KBmBfim Whiskey Sale-R. B. Haydm or Old Gov- X
itoJ t s H™t rw P™ B &^tsgBBFW rrt fcrth5 r "*::': azc \
The agent's surp'us ttcck, consisting of at th _ cx .««aaS^SS^ Extra Sweet Wines— Muscat, Angelica or X
knives, forks and spoons of all dercriptions. traor d iiur y price, pair ... . . 65 C Tokay, gallon Q7 O •*
Salt* WrinnnrtZ Apricot Brandy— 'Fleishman's; none bet- £
* 3 . S o GuaS ™™ ge * S $2.6B Children', Jersey U ?S in,-Ju S t the thing P ter . I ...... 8So \
ll\o Iron Frame Wringer, . . $1.89 t "W weather; they button above the Rock and Ry e_Crj-,tall:«d; for cough, and J
42 7C Wood Frame Wringers . .$2.1% knee; s sizes only; reg- gmgm^ colds, bottle G3O
U 7 oj Iron Frame Wringer's . . . S2.67 8^ '^ °" " T '^ • ' ' SOC \ 0^ Bourbon WMikty-Jg f«l- bot.Sy.Q5 K
OCCURRENXE OF WARS AT
BEGINNING* OF CENTURIES
Belief That Nations Fight at the
Beginning of. Each Hun
' dred Years. '.
The superstitious notion is extant
that there must soon be a great war
because the opening years of every
century have always been thus
marked. Of course, If the latter were
true it would form no sufficient reason
for a war ''at. this time. A century is
not a natural division of time,, as Is a
day, a season or a year, but Is entirely
artificial, and there is no more reason
why war should occur at the beginning
than at. the middle or. the' end . of it.
However, as a matter of fact, the
statement" is not true, as every one at
all acquainted* with history should
know. ' ' '
The nineteenth century began with
the, establishment of more general
peace than the world had known for
many years, and if a couple of years
later war broke out it was o'nly the
renewal of the wars that had marked
the closing years of the preceding cen
tury. The eighteenth century began
with' wars,; "but they, were merely the
continuation of conflicts begun in the
seventeenth. . The early years of the
seventeenth were - marked with more
peace making' than war making. The
wars at the opening of the sixteenth
century were prolongations of those in
the fifteenth and were, at most, petty
affairs. • Those at the opening, of the
fifteenth were; left over from the four
teenth. There .were no important wars
in the first years of the "fourteenth cen
tury, 'save those at Constantinople and
between England and Scotland, both
legacies from, the thirteenth. No great
war occurred in the first decade of the
thirteenth century or of the twelfth.
At the opening: of the eleventh Mah
mud of' Ghazni invaded India. The
tenth, was marked with no new war,
nor was the' ninth. The eighth was ten
years old when the Saracens invaded
Spain. The beginning of ; the seventh
was peaceful! .' The first . years of the
sixth and fifth saw Rome involved in
war, but- war^ was then the habitual
state of i Rome. ' The • fourth and third
began in comparative peace. The sec
ond saw ho -new war, but rather the
ending of 'the old struggle in Dacia,
and the fierce conflicts of the early
years of the first century of our era
were merely the continuation of those
begun a dozen years before. In all
these last nineteen centuries, indeed,
not more than two are to be charged
with having opened with new and im
portant wars. Of the centuries before
our era, the first began in peace;, the
second with nothing but the. second
Macedonian war: the third with the
third Samnite. war; the fourth with no
great struggle; the fifth with the burn
ing of Sardls and the battle of Lake
Regillus, continuations of wars begun
long before: the sixth with Nebuchad
nezzar's conquest of Jerusalem* and In
the earlier centuries, so far as chronol
ogy informs us, there were' no initial
wars of magnitude. • ■ •
The current superstition, then, is In a
noteworthy degree contrary to the
facts. Instead of being Invariably or
even generally marked with the .out
breakings of great wars, the begin
nings of centuries have in the vast ma
jority of cases been remarkably free
from such catastrophes.. If. we were to
form any rule from historical - prece
dent'it would be. therefore, that this
. ' '-. ADVEBTISEME1TTS. _
|5jg|/?y jrngnw _ 1^ • No woman's happi.
W&FK&f i&ffl Mt&fflB JPHI 1 ness can bc complete
WW f$J?BBB8MBB €& without children; it
is her nature to love
N%W3 HUffiSI 'MM$ Baff&ffl IP®4r£3fo as much so a3
mW M&ffl&ffl&ffBS&BM £0? it is to love tho
pure. The critical ordeal through vrhich the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught. with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought. of. infills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for. the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful - -V -
of women through- • ■■■■■
the trying crisis suffering. jP^_ A S^a^ MA *%.B
Send for free took containing Information KBB M^lBwa 1&tB KrtiB
of priceless values to all expect*as mothers. B g gg fiTS? & B KjJ$
Vn Bradfleld Rcoalttor (^.Atlanta. em. m m **^*W**
year and the next few years should be
peaceful. But we shall make no nnch
prophecy, nor shall we expect this ex
position of the facts entirely to demol
ish the foolishly false superstition
which now so widely prevails.— New
York Tribune. .
British Orchids.
It may to many seem somewhat ex
traordinary to write of a field of or
chids in England; but such an occur
rence is not altogether uncommon. A'
few years ago, while botanizing in the
neighborhood of Burnham Beeches,
a correspondent in the Garden writes:
"I came upon the most beautiful dis
play of wild flowers it has ever been
my good fortune to see, namely, a
large field whose surface was a blaze
of color, varying from deep purple
almost to white, made by the flowers
of the early Orchis, O. Morlo. I have
never seen such a colony of this pret
ty little orchis, nor had I any idea
that it ever srrew so abundantly In our
meadows. I have, however, since
heard of other similar Instances."—
London Globe.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Developing Tone.
BV VEiRXOX DAKN'AaE.
(Distinguished baryton* an<i. l«*cturer en mu«ic
at the 1'nlvemity of Chicago.)
• Copyriitht. I9O4. by Jo*»»ph B. Bowles. >
Having learned to breathe properly,
the next step for the student of the
voice will be the proper production of
tone.
What is the sensation when singing a
tone properly? In the first place, with
ihe lungs well filled and with freedom
from any contraction of the throat
muscles the tone should seek as a focus
the frontal bon^s of the face. But this
is easier said than done. There are a
hundred and fifty odd muscles in the
throat, and we all know what a small
thing it takes to disturb the production
of a perfect tone. A slight chip on a
violin or a small thread on a piano
Ftrinje may absolutely mar the beauty
of its tone, and so. with the voice a
Flight contraction of any of those 150
muscles which is not needed in the pro
duction of a tone may destroy its
beauty.
The sing-er's throat, so far as the
singer himself is concerned, in the
production of a tone should play no
part at all. It i? entirely passive. The
ideal to be obtained is a complete re
laxation of all ihe muscles around the
throat and the absolute lack of any
pressure which may disturb the natural
vibrations of tone. It is a good plan al
ways to think of the throat as if It were
wide open. Let one yawn, or perhaps
make a movement as If he expected to
drink, and h» will have the sensation of
an open throat. Above all things, those
who are troubled with throatlness in
ringing should confine themselves to a
few tone's which are easy and lie in the
natural ppeaking voice, and perfect
these tones, gradually enlarging the
range around them until the habit of a
loose throat is established. A frequent
cause of a hard and throaty quality of
tone is found in the fact that the chin
and the lower jaw are stiff.
There are a number of exercises which
may be used with benefit by those *vho
have a tendency to stiffen the jaw. It
is difficult to describe Just how a vocal
exercise should l»e carried out, but one
of the simplest for this defect is to use
the tone "ma" four or five times in suc
cession. In enunciating the "m" press
the lips together and then let the "a"
follow quickly and in an almost explo
sive way. taking care that the lower
jaw drops down and back quickly.
English-speaking people are troubled
most of all by this defect, because their
language calls for very few tones where
the mouth is really open. One of the
best cures for throatiness is to see that
the jaw is open in a relaxed manner
and yet that it falls back toward the
neck. The lower teeth should always be
under — or farther back than — the upper
teeth.
In the stiffening and hardening of
the throat th«* tongue is one of the
worst foes to freedom. Unfortunately
•with this unruly member the more it
is discussed with the student the worse
it behaves itself. The tongue should
also be a passive factor in the produc
tion of tone. It should maintain Us
normal position in th<* mouth and be
allowed full liberty for its v/ork in
enunciating words and changing vowel
rounds. In trying to overcome the de
fects of tongue and jaw there is no
better remedy than constant daily
practice before the mirror.
So much for the muscular difficul
ties which every young singer will en
counter. Now as to the production of
tone, we shall concern ourselves with
its proper placement.
Nature has made for the singer a
fir.e sound board in the roof of. his
mouth. Besides this, in the large
nasal and head cavities as well
as in the walls of the jaw
and teeth he has reinforce
ment* which priye the voice sonority
and power. The control of the breath
after it has been converted into tone so
that it fills all of these resonance
chambers, thus producing beauty and
power of tone, with the least possible
physical effort, is the object of voice
placing.
The external sensation of a tone
thus brought forward should be felt
through the front of the face. Exer
cises for the accomplishment of this
object are numberless. Among the
most important is the use of the soft
nasal hum. Slany teachers do not use
this because it is difficult to acquire
always the proper mode of humming.
However, I think there is little danger
If it is done softly and confined at first
to the range of the speaking voice.
A good way to bring this hum to its
proper focus is .to sing softly "mum
mum-mum" and watch the tickling
sensation on the lips. This is an exer
cise which M. Jean ' de Reszke and
Mine. Emma Eames use constantly.
Behind the scenes' one may frequently
hear five or six worM-renowned sing
ers "tuning up," as n were, with this
simple exercise.
After practicing this exercise until
the student is sure that the vibrations
are front let him open the mouth and
sing the tone "Aw," striving to keep
the tone where the hum was. In this
way he will discover a number of tones
in the middle voice, which are more
or less perfectly placed. It should
then be his endeavor to perfect these
few tones easily within his reach, and
from the *?s'peri?nce !hn3 sained . he
may enlarge his range as far as his
voice will admit without forcing. The
average person has as a rule about
an octave of tones which can be sung
without great effort. One of the most
beautiful voices I have ever heard
started -with only three tones*.
The use of single sustained tones,
while censured occasionally, is never
theless the best means for the student
to study his own voice, since the dura
tion of tones gives him time to make
a note of sensation, to hear clearly
and to control the outlay of breath.
Should his throat crow rigid in the
effort to sustain the tone let him fol
low it. running .1 short scale of five
tones in a soft hum, taking care that
the vibrations are felt on his lips.
Another way to loosen the throat
is to come back to the breath exercise
of "panting:," singing: softly "ha" with
each outgoing breath, taking care that
the Jaw and throat are thoroughly re
laxed. Then let the student make the
effort 10 produce a tone, as if he were
sighing, first allowing: the tone to be
breathy and uncontrolled: then take
the sam tone, using more *tone and
less breath, and still keeping the jaw,
tongue and throat in the relaxed con
dition they occupied while "panting."
Although this exercise appears to be
very simple, it is one of the most im
portant of all vocal practices.
Strictly speaking, the two mechani
cal things with which the student of
voice is occupied should be a correct
attack and the ecualization of vocal
registers. The above exercises all
have their bearing upon vocal attack,
in so far as their object is to free the
voice from muscular pressure and to"
bring it front. Attack in its proper
use refers to the beginning of the tone:
The Germans have a better name for
it, "Ansatz," which conveys the idea
"to set on." Attack for the singer is
what the managemnt of the bow is
to the violinist. A tone should be com
menced firmly, held steadily and end
ed smoothly without a tremor, with
cut a scratch and without the sense
of force. Even the smallest pianis
simo should have all these qualities.
At the same time it is not desirable
for a young singer to attack his tones
too softly, since by this the tone is
liable to stick in the throat. Nothing
is more pernicious and productive of
bad habits than singing too loud. It
should be the young singer's ambition
to have the mouth full of tone and
the muscles concerned so free that the
tone seems to "float."
Although the singer may gain proper
breath support and have a free throat
and focus the tones forward, he will
tind at certain places in his voice the
occurrence of a break, when some new
mechanism or use of the voice seems to
take place. This brings us to the much
discussed question of vocal registers.
Strictly speaking, the female voice has
a chest register, a medium register and
a head register, while the male voice,
with the exception of the tenor, has
only tw\> registers, the medium and the
head. Just what causes the break in
registers is a mooted subject and one
which Is not yet settled. Certain it is
that for the singer there should at least
mentally not exist the conception of
the registers, although physically ne
must be intelligent enough to overcome
those breaks which occur.
In the equalization of registers the
upper should be brought down and
lapped over, as it were, the register
below, but the most pernicious of all
habits is to force a lower register ap
into a higher register. This is the cau3e
usually of all breaks. A bad break
between the chest and the middle voice
is of frequent occurrence among wo
men. . Here the constant practice of
bringing the medium voice down into
the chest register will gradually smooth
over the difficulty.
A splendid exercise to keep the voice
free from breaks Is to sing softly the
tone "Aw" with a slight nasal tinge.
Increasing the nasality as*one sings
high. A student may sing a whole
scale of an octave, or even ten notes
thus, and by emitting the tones very
carefully and softly will be able 10
avoid the breaks and different qualities
which occur frequently when using the
voice more powerfully. The use of
quick scales Is also excellent, provided
care is taken not to smear the tones
into each other. If the singer has ac
quired a perfectly free hum he will be
able to accomplish much in the way of
practice, because nothing so saves vocal
force and at the same time condenses
the voice into its proper channels.
The study of a sustained swelling and
diminishing of the tone should be the
singer's daily practice. Joachim, the
greatest violinist of our times, has all
his life devoted some time every day to
practicing long, sustained tones on the
violin in order to maintain a sure and
steady bow. So with the singer, study
of the swell and the diminuendo has
the same purpose vocally. In this way
the breath supply is regulated and,
above all, the quality of tone from its
commencement to its finish must be
kept the Fame.
The practice for high notes should
be a matter of the greatest care and
consideration. It is right here that the
majority of young singers are most
reckless in the expenditure of voice.
The high tones should be taken with
the same ease as are The low tones.
There should be no strain on the throat
and there should be the utmost care
to see that they ring in the proper
resonance cavity. It is a bad habit of
many young singers to strive for high
notes at the expense of vocal beauty.
The question too often asked is "How
high da you sing?" And this is used
as a criterion 0/ one's vocal endow
ment. The practice or the low notes,
particularly the chest tones, should not
be carried on by young singers. Above
all things, the middle register should
be beautifully and correctly developed.
If this is once accomplished both the
upper and the lower -voice will yield to
the proper treatment and the whole
voice will be improved In freshness and
vitality.
The young singer should make It a
rule not to practice over fifteen minutes
at a time, and to give the voice at
least a full hour between times.. Prac
ticing in this way, he may use the
voice altogether as much as an hcrur
and a. half to two. hours a day with
out fatigue.
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1901,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS/Frnprictor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager
Publication Office .".. .". ... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ....:... ••••••• FEBRUARY- 12. 1904
A BRISK WAR.
FOR. a war less than a week old, the brush between
Russia and Japan has been not only brisk, but has
furnished several surprises interesting to professors
of the art of war. It is already evident that Japan has
made the same studied, systematic and careful prepara
tion that Germany made pnior to the Franco-Prussian
In that struggle it was found that Von Moltke was in
possession of the grade and condition of every 'French
road, had the measurement and weight capacity of every
bridge, and knew the topography of the country around
every French fortress and stronghold. Equipped with
this knowledge, no time was lost in marching backward.
The forts and their garrisons were left in the rear,
while the German forces marched around them to attack
unprotected cities and. to return and invest the garrisons
at their leisure, after isolating them.
The leaders of the Japanese navy were educated in this
country, learning their profession at Annapolis, and seem
not only to have absorbed the tactical knowledge neces
sary, but to have become impressed with the dash and
initiative which have characterized our navy from Paul
Jones to Dewey. They know the waters on which they
;tre fighting, and their gunnery is all that is to be desired.
In that, too, they have taken a lesson from our navy. In
the Spanish war we met ships that were our. equal in all
respects but that. One of the captured Spanish admirals
explained his flight by saying that the Government had
refused to furnish the navy with ammunition for gun
practice, and, therefore, in action h'e found his armament
useless because his men had no practice in handling it.
Japan has hot practiced that unwise economy, and so
her gunners are able to hit a ship in her vitals, either
above or below the water line. 'The next significant
action may be expected on land. It is believed in mili
tary circles, here and in Europe, that the Russian mili
tary force in Eastern Asia has been purposely over
stated by that Government. This belief is strengthened
by the capture of troop ships by the Japanese navy with
2000 soldiers on board. If Russia had the force she pre
tended to have, with the railroad to bring more, it is
hardly likely that she would be using transports and the
slower route by water to recruit her strength.
If it be true that the Japanese have cut the Siberian
railroad beyond Port Arthur, their land tactics rise to
an equality with their naval skill. With that road cut it
is probable that the military force available by Russia >s
less than that which Japan has within striking distance.
It will be very interesting if the Japanese tactics succeed
in actually equalizing her land strength with that of her
gigantic enemy. If the railroad be permanently crip
pled, and Port Arthur be invested by land and sea, there
will ensue a struggle of the most vivid interest to the
whole world.
If Port Arthur fall, the pride and prestige of Russia
fall with it. In possession of Japan the whole scheme
and military purpose of the trans-Siberian railroad arc
lost to Russia, for Port Arthur is the terminal of that
line, toward which it aimed from the time it left Slatoust,
in European Russia, and jumped the Ural Mountains.
Russia's long lease on Port -Arthur, for a ter
minal, was secured from China by craft and duress, and
Russia immediately began fortifying it lik£ another Gib
raltar, as an outpost of the empire. Of this there was no
necessity if the purpose of Russia were peaceful and not
sinister. The Canadian Pacific Railway has terminals in
the United States, and extensive running connections
with our roads, but they are for commercial purposes
only, and are not treated as advanced posts of the British
Empire. If the Japanese take Port Arthur, or by their
naval primacy isolate it from the sea, Russia's covert
plans will prove to have been merely putting her imperial
foot where it gets stepped on.
The Czar's empire gets but little sympathy in the cap
itals of Europe and almost none in the United States.
Along the Rhine the unspeakable inhumanity of the Cos
sacks is remembered, and the Western nations saw them
duplicated in China during the Boxer war. If it be the
destiny of Japan to avenge atrocities that are not in the
record of any savage people, the world will owe her its
thanks.
The sensational announcement has been made that the
Chinese Six Companies of Pittsburg have given material
aid to the authorities in capturing coolies that have resi
dence in the country in violation of law. It is patent
that the Six Companies of Pittsburg have absolutely
nothing in common with the Six Companies of San Fran
cisco. The Pittsburg outfit is suspiciously honest.
WAS IT BUNKO?
•m * R. BRYAN has done and said more remarkable
l\/\ and extraordinary things than have been said or
J. Y A done by any other American politician in all our
history. He has seemed a mixture and combination of
Jack Cade, John Wilkes, Robespierre, Karl Marx and
Solon Chase and "them steers." It seemed as though he
had exhausted his capacity to originate novelties in ex
pression and a'ction. But, when he returned from Europe,
saying that he had got one new idea, the country settled
itself in its chair to hear what it was. There were no
means of guessing it. The only way to catch it was to
watch Mr. Bryan until it escaped him, and then grab it.
There is a suspicion that he let it go in a speech at
Burlington, New Jersey, two weeks ago, in the form
of this statement: "I was put in, nomination twice by
my party, only because it was known there *was no
chance for my election." .
That is new enough and startling enough to have been
discovered by him during his European tour. -It is sug
gested by a Chicago paper that he got the idea from
Tolstoi that a man who really serves humanity, greatly
and beneficially, must be a martyr. It is in line with the
usual working of Mr. Bryan's mental processes, that he
regards his money theories as the offer of a sort of plan
of material salvation, of such conspicuous importance to
mankind that its author crowns himself with martyrdom.
There is no doubt that in 1896 he felt a more than hu
man commission to this work, for repeatedly, when
flushed by speaking to a crowd, he said to those around
him: "There is another evidence that I am divinely
called to free these people." It is entirely possible that
long contemplation has convinced him of his own in
fallibility and has confirmed him in the belief that his
financial theories are invested with a sort of supernat
ural sanction. In 1896 he declared this when he said that
"God has stored silver and gold in the earth in the exact
ratio of 16 to I." This made it a divine ratio and war
ranted him in treating all who opposed it as enemies of
a power higher than man.
By this analysis he appears as an instrument, an evan-
gel, the visible manifestation of a power invisible. But
all this being so, is it fairjn him to accuse his party of
playing a bunko game on him in his two candidacies? If
he is merely a hand lifted in the world by a power un
seen, was not the Democratic party under the same con
trol? An attentive reading of the Pentateuch excuses
Pharoah for his exactions of which the Israelites were
victims, because "The Lord hardened Pharoah's heart."
Pharoah could not help this cardiac induration, and un
der the principles of the commorf law would be acquitted
by a jury, at least. on the ground of contributory negli
gence by Moses and the others.
The declaration of Mr. Bryan reclassifies him. It is
easy now to understand his demand for disciples. He is
a monomaniac, no doubt more honestly under an illusion
than Dowie, the second Elijah.
At a recent poultry show in Salt Lake th<j, interest
ing discovery was made that many a fine bird. there on
exhibition had bogus- tail feathers pinned to the scrubby
appendage with' which nature had adorned it.
One does not have to go to a poultry show to learn
that fine feathers do not make .fine birds. A glimpse
into the foyer on an opera night is a revelation.
DESTROYING THE DEFECTIVE.
j-^RESIDENT ANDREWS of the University of Ne-
I— ■* braska is the last college man to make a proposi
*• tion that attracts attention, not because it is novel,
but because he indorses it. He thinks that society will
be benefited by destroying all weakly and defective chil
dren. The proposition is not new. nor is the plan un
tried. The Spartans exposed all weakly and defective
infants, that they might die and not live to .impair the
physical characteristics of the race; but there is in his
tory no evidence that the benefit to the Spartans physi
cally made good to them the loss morally.
The races and nations around them, and in their time,
that did not take such means to secure physical strength
were as potent in war, and the institutions they founded
and defended were as long lived. Other contemporary
states left a much deeper impression on the world, and
gave to science, art and literature an impulse that is not
yet spent. We do not recall a single case in which
Sparta in this respect was imitated by any of the ancient
civilizations; a failure which may be taken as evidence
that the results of the Spartan plan did not commend it.
But from the standpoint of that people it had some
justification. They had to maintain the independence
of their commonwealth by the .fighting power of their
people. War in that time was a matter of personal,
physical strength. Battles were decided by hand to
hand encounters. Spears and missiles were effective
only within the range determined by the strength of the
arm Which cast them. Before we blame the Spartans
for the cruel means they took to preserve their physique,
all of these things must be considered. When it is pro
posed to copy them now, it must be remembered that
their reason for such a policy no longer exists. Strength
of arm no longer counts in battle- 14 is replaced by the
expulsive force of powder. The weakest finger can pull
a trigger that explodes a charge capable of carrying a
bullet two miles. War is no longer hand to hand busi
ness. An army of prize-fighters matching muscle
against powder could be routed now by a company of
marksmen armed with the Krag-Jorgensen.
We may turn then to the moral effect that may be ex
pected to follow adoption of President Andrews' pro
posed revival of sacrifice of the weakly and defective.
If he have a defective child, is he willing to begin? If
not, that is the complete answer to the proposition.
Nature has put in the parental heart an affluent foun
tain of love and care for a defective child. For its com
fort no sacrifice is too great, no care a burden^ Instead
of its poor and weak life being an injury to society, it
keeps alive those tender impulses of the heart from
which radiate all the humane element that is in our
laws and our habits. Destroy the defective and this
humane impulse gradually dies'. If so monstrous a thing
were possible as for parents to assent to such a thing,
the very halo of motherhood would fade away, and the
hard heart of society would work out in laws and insti
tutions, and the charm of mercy and justice that is their
panoply would disappear. We would save the expense
of our institutions for the mute, blind and insane, of the
children's hospitals and the homes for the crippled and
distorted, but we would be. living in an intolerable world.
Such a policy would have strangled Helen Keller in her
infancy.
President Andrews may ask: "What economic value
is. there in the education of Helen Keller?" As well ask
what is the economic value of the march of Xenophon
and the 10,000 Greeks; in the "story of the loyalty to
Athens of the Plataeans; in that x of Horatius at the
bridge; in the victory of Hermann in the Teutoberger
wald; in the sufferings at Valley Forge and the sea fights
of old Ironsides! THey thrill in men that spirit that
makes states and institutions and defends them.
When children read the story of Helen Keller, living
in a world of everlasting darkness and grim silence,
overcoming the iron jailers of blindness and deafness
and muteness, and acquiring an education that opens to
her the pleasures of all literature and a knowledge of
all life, they are inspired to the best use of all their five
senses and of all their faculties, to make of themselves
the. best.
When President Andrews finds a cow so lean that she
will not defend her helpless calf against the wolves, he
may begin his search for human parents that will not
defend their weakly and defective young.
Dominican insurgents have murdered an American
sailor. That should be the signal for Washington to
exact immediate and terrifying vengeance. The mur
derous spitfires of Latin America need a lesson and they
seem to understand nothing that is not preached to them
in shot and shell. If these pests cannot be taught to
respect the American flag. they should be made to fear it.
The last of Uncle Sam's troops has left Cuba and the
restless little island has been consigned by the United
States to its own devices in working-out its scheme of
peace, prosperity, and civilization. The date for the first
Cuban revolution has not yet been fixed/ but it probably
will receive due announcement with all the necessary
spectacular effect.
It required eight shots from a revolver into the body
of a New Britain suicide to bring him the death he
sought. He could havesaved time/and energy by firing
one bullet into his head. The missile would probably
have encountered no resistance from wall to wall oPhis
skull.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The Price of a Life.
.Times are hard with the fiends —
opium and morphine slaves who mfest
the alleys in the Latin quarter. In
this, stormy weather visitors are few
and far between and so, as a matter
of course, are the nickels- and dimes
they usually throw to the creatures of
the drug habit. The users of morphine
seek almost in vain for the wherewithal
to purchase the little white pellets that
are to them food and drink, and the
devotees of the long bamboo pipe con
sider themselves extremely lucky if
in passing a "joint" they can get even
a faint whiff. of the Oriental drug.
A few nights ago two of them were
standing in a dark doorway, on Dupont
street alternately cursing their luck,
the weather and themselves. Suddenly
they saw a pedestrian approaching.
Their eyes lighted with a strange fire
and their faces wore a look of expect
ancy as they rushed toward him. "Give
us a dime, mister, for a cup of coffee,"
they asked in the same breath.
Carelessly and with a knowing laugh 1
the stranger took from his vest pocket I
what looked like a coin and cast it into
the gutter. The drug-hungered wretches
threw themselves on their hands and
knees and unmindful of the filth and i
slush that filled the gutter began a
search for the coin. For more than
five minutes they crawled about in the
slime and dirt. With their glassy eyes
strained they put forth their palsied
hands and raked over the dirt. Like
hawks they watched each other, and
when one made the least sound indie-,
ative of succ/ess the other pounced upon
him only to retreat with a curse and
resume his search when he found the
other empty handed.
Finally the taller of the two yelled
at the top of his weak voice and Jumped
to his feet. As fast as his trembling
limbs could carry him he ran in the
direction of a drugstore a block away.
His companion, with a snarl and a j
curse of disappointment, also rose and j
ran, striving with all his might to ;
overtake his lucky companion in mis- I
ery and calling him all sorts of names |
at every step. But the tall man only
ran on and on,, never for a moment
taking his eyes from the blue and green
lights of the druggist's shop. His
breath came in gasps, and more than
ence he placed his hand over his heart.
Just as he reached the entrance to
the store he fell on his face and with
a moan turned over on his back. His
companion, with a wolfish shout,
spurred forward and fell upon the pros
trate form. Eagerly he put forth a
shaking hand and grasped the tightly
clenched first of the man whom he had
chased. He could not unbend the stif
fened fingers, so he raised the hand to
his mouth and buried his yellow teeth
into the flesh. Still it refused to open
and the frenzied creature burst into
sobs.
When they found him there five min
utes later, crying like a child, they took
him to the hospital. The other was
removed to the Morgue. When his cold
fingers were straightened out in the
palm of his hand was found a tin to
bacco tag about the size of a dime.
Rare Michael Joseph.
When Michael Joseph Conboy. now
lieutenant of police, was doing patrol
duty at the base of Telegraph Hill He
was approached one day by a very ex
cited Italian who complained to him
that a frolicsome nannygoat had come
near\ eating up "his wife's baby," to
quote the language of the son of Italy.
The substance of the complaint was
that the^ Italian's wife put her ba"by
on the back porch, wrapped with a
white shawl, when the vagrant nanny
came along, gobbled up the white shawl
and dragged the Innocent baby out of
its carriage.
Conboy looked wise and scratched
his head a few minutes before answer
ing the questions put to him. Then all
of a sudden he replied:
"Under the treaty made with the
commonwealth of Milpetis and the de
cision of the Supreme Court of Sausil
luto that nannygoat must be annihil
ated; that Is the word, sir; annihilated;
shure, sir."
"Oh, thank you. signor; very wise
good officer," responded the. Italian, re
moving his hat. "Annihilata — thasa
ver' gude word-rannihrlata."
Pardonable Pride.
It is pardonable that any individual
or organization should take pride in
{-•raise for accomplishments well done.
The Call therefore offers no excuses for
offering to its readers the opinions of
others concerning Its efforts. From the
Alameda Argus the following good win
comes:
"The Call is a commendable paper,
and we are. glad to acknowledge the
fact. It has submerged many of the
traits that are too often found in the
big modern papers and that have come
Into fashion from the idea that the pub
lic demands them. The Call is giving
its attention to supplying the news and
the general reading jn a rational man
ner. We "are sure it finds that It pays.
The public ought certainly to appre
ciate any effort that is being made in
that direction."
The Modesto Herald has this good
word for us:
•'The San Francisco Call Is forging
ahead as a bright, live, newsy sheet at
a pace which is disconcerting to the
other dailies of the city. In every, de
partment and in its general tone and
make-up The Call is rapidly growing
into favor as a home paper, this fact
especially noticeable in the rural dis
tricts, where The Call has a constantly
growing circulation. Their new policy
of special writing, devoted to the inte
rior portions of the State, telling of the
various industries of these sections,
their growth and development, and Il
lustrating these articles with well
selected views, is especially pleasing:
and productive of much good In" the
work of development. The new Call is
receiving many most favorable notices
from the rural press of v the State, and
we are glad to record its progress."
Santa Rosa Republican the
following:
"Readers of "the San Francisco Call
must have noticed its steadily increas-
ing excellence the past few months.
The new editor is taking care of his
field, and he is making a public Journal
that is second to none at the metropo
11s."
French Nerve.
From one of the French' naval ports
comes an interesting: story of an inci
dent which recently occurred there. A
general holding a high command made
his appearance suddenly a few days
ago at the barracks of an Infantry regi
ment, which in obedience to his orders
was promptly drawn up in the yard.
Then he explained the reason in a brief
address. He said that as he was walk
ing in the town attired in mufti on the
previous day a man belonging to th«
corps, who was the worse for liquor,
accosted him rudely and asked him to
stand him a drink. "Let him step out
of the ranks," he concluded. Imme
diately a bugler emerged, and saluting
said, "It Is I. mon general." The inci
dent is characteristic, and apropos of it
we are reminded of such an adventure
which befell a certain French marshal.
A grenadier who was exasperated at
some injustice that had been done him
pointed his pistol at him and pulled the
trigger, but it did not go off. Without
moving a muscle the veteran cried.
"Four days in the cells for keeping
your arms in a bad state." The bugler's
honesty can scarcely have failed to be
an extenuation of his offense in the
eyes of the general.
Sculptor Harvey.
The celebrated animal sculptor Ell
Harvey has just finished the execution
of two statues for the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition, a bull and a steer.
These statues are to be enlarged to
gigantic size and will flank the entrance
to the agriculture building. The bull.
which is of the Normandy breed, win
be sixteen feet long, and was modeled
from a three-year-old bull on the Sulli
van County estate of Chester W.
Chapin. This animal is taken to typify
the highly bred domestic cattle, while
the Texas steer represents wild cattle.
Mr. Harvey's success as an animal
sculptor has been remarkable. His com
mission to execute the sculpture for the
new lion-house at Bronx Park, New
York, was one of the most important
of the kind ever given an American
sculptor. Harvey won his fame chiefly
abroad and has often exhibited in the
Paris Salon. He has won medals in
Paris and at the Pan-American for hia
animal sculpture, and in 1900 In Paris
he took the American Art Association
(John Wanamaker) prize for sculpture.
ivers to Queries.
A DAY IN OCTOBER— Subscriber.
Mountain View, Cal. The last Thurs
day in October, 1S79, fell on the 30th of
the month.
SUCCESSION— W. H. H., City. The
bill providing for Presidential succes
sion in the United States was intro
duced in December, 18S5, and was ap
proved by President Grover Cleveland
January 19, 1886.
CONSULS— D. M. F., City. If you will
look In the San Francfsco Directory,
under the head of "Consuls," you will
find a complete list of all foreign Con
suls residing in San Francisco, together
with addresses of the same.
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION — F. E.,
Aptos, Cal. For special information
relative to the St. Louis Exposition ad
dress a letter of inquiry to J. A,
Filcher, State Board of Trade. Ferry
Building, San Francisco. Cal.
CIVILIZATION— A Subscriber. Sau
sallto, Cal. This department suggests
that you read up the latest encyclope
dias, under the head of "Civilization.'*
for information as to which nation is
the most advanced in the matter of
civilization. %
JAPANESE WORD *'MARtr—
Subscriber, City. The Japanese wort!
"maru." u.«ted in connection with shipsC
means merchant. If used after the
name of a vessel it means that suchs
vessel belongs to the merchant class.
If maru is followed by the word
"kahn" it means that vessels belong
to the Government navy.
THE HAIR— TV. D. and Subscriber,
City. If a person is troubled with aa
ailment that Is causing the hair to fall
out there must be some local or consti
tutional cause for it. and the person so
affected ought to consult a first-class
physician. A newspaper cannot give
advice as to what course to pursue in
such cases, as each case may not b®
produced by the same cause.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES— W. R,
St. Helena. Cal. Any > one \cho is not
satisfied with the manner in which em
ployment offices In California are con*
ducted or wishes to have changes made
In the law is at liberty to present his
ideas to some member of the Legisla
ture of the State and endeavor to have
his Ideas offered In the nature of a bill,
to be acted upon by that body. The
right to petition the Legislature is un
deniable.
Tcrwnsend's California glace fruits matt
cardies, 50c a pound, in artistic ttre
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 7L> Market St.. above Call bids. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by . the
Pr*ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 330 Call*
fornia street. Telephone Mala iott. «LIGHTS BOX
OF DYNAMITE
IN A ROOM
Orojjon Mining Man Visits
Apartments of His Divorced
Wife and Ignites Fuse on Ex
plosive Before Killing Self
RECRUITING OFFICER
pMvents a disaster
Uullots Strike the Woman,
but Sht» Is Not Injured and
.the Demolition of a Port
land BoHding Is Averted
— ♦ .
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 11.— A trag
edy of unusual fiendishness and which
narrowly missed being accompanied by
horrifying results, occurred this oven
ing in this city. Edmund D. Tobin, a
mining man from Baker City, this
State, visited the rooms of his divorced
wife in the Ainsworth block and begged
her to accord him an Interview.
Tho woman, who conducts a dress
making establishment, spurned the
man persistently, refusing to hav»» any.
ihins to do with him. Seeing that his
ex-wife was determined to avoid him.
Tobin drew a revolver and fired three
Fhots at the woman, two of the bullets
striking her body, but were deflected
by her corset steels and the third
pierced her arm. inflicting a serious
injury. Mrs. Tobin and a Mrs. Bur
phee. who was visiting her. rushed
from the apartment screaming.
Loft to himself, Tobin applied a
lighted match to a ten-pound box of
dynamite which he carried. From one
corner of the box protruded a fuse,
. i.hich was hidden in the folds of the
paper in which the box was wrapped.
Tobin then placed the muzzle of his
revolver to the back of his ear and
killed himself.
Attracted by the noise of the shots.
Robert F. Dean of the United States
recruiting service, who has an oftlce in
the Ainsworth building, rushed to Mrs.
Tnbin'R apartments, and. seeing the
box blazirg on the floor beside Tobin's
body, succeeded in extinguishing the
fiamep.
It was then that the full scope of
Tobin's horrifying plot was laid bare.
It appears that in his excitement Tobin
lighted the wrong corner of the box
and the flame had not yet reached the
fuse. There was enough dynamite in
the box to have demolished the Ains
worth building, which is one of the
largest business blocks in this city.
Had Tobin's plan not miscarried it Is
probable that a score or more lives
would have been sacrificed.
The Tobins were divorced last April.
Mrs. Tobin coming to this city from
Baker City to go into the dressmaking
business with a Mrs. Pin. Tobin has
been in this city for several weeks. l»ut
his presence was unknown to Mrs.
Tr>bin until to-night, when he made his
appearance at her rooms, bent upon
•nurder of the most horrible descrip
tion.
LOSES QUARTER MII.IJON
IJY THE BALTIMORE FIRI"
IMiuenix Insurance Company of New
York Will Materially Assist in
Rchuildins Rurned District.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11. — The Phoe
nix Insurance Compady of this city
loses but about 5250.000 by the Balti
more fire, while its monthly income is
nearly SDOO.OOO, its surplus is $1,700,
000. capital % 1.000,000. gross assets
$7,500,000. The Phoenix, though one
of the oldest, is one of the most pro
pressive. larpr^st and most solid of the
fire insurance companies. Its losses
of J440.000 in the Chicago fire in 1871
and of nearly $560,000 in the Boston
fire in IS 72 were paid promptly and
without inconvenience, though at that
Time the Phoenix was comparatively
small to what it is now.
Maybrick Case in Parliament.
LONDON, Feb. 12. — A copy of the
license granted Mrs. Florence May
hrJck was presented in Parliament to
r.ight.
') Ah&t why is Sister Ethel so dressed tip ? fj
I She expects her Beau to Supper. y
• It is that! And Miss Ethel made all the Biscuit and Waffles 1
1 and Cake and Fritters herself. [3
"i Yes, and with Cottolene. M
J Why did Ehe do it ? K
j Because she 'vrants her Beau to know what a fine Cook she is. JPJ
; Doesn't he iove her enough already ? ifjj
Yes, but every man loves a woman better if she can cook. |j
Moral : " 'Tis Love and Cottolene that make the World go I
i Cottoirne will be fotmd at pood crocers. Sold only In sealed palls. 20-page Cotto- |j
; icco Prl:ner.!ilustrated In colors.from which a*ove Is one page, sent free on request. ||
j Slide cn!y by THE K. K. FAIEBANK COMPANY, Dept. 260 CHICAGO. H
RAIN SHOWERS
UPON VALLEYS
Sonoma and San Joaquin
Receive 'Bountiful Moisture
and the Crops Are Improved
WATER FOR LIVESTOCK
Farmers and Orchardists De
light in the Storm, but Con
ditions Had Not Caused Alarm
BUISUN, Feb. 11.— A heavy rain com
menced falling this -afternoon. While
nothing in this vicinity has suffered so
far from lack of rain, to-day's precipi
tation was most welcome. Farmers
and orchardists throughout Solano
County feel elated over the present fa
vorable conditions.
COLUSA, Ftb. 11.— Rain fell here at
noon to-day and it is raining to-night.
All crops are in fine condition.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 11.— Sonoma
County was treated to a generous
«hower to-day, the precipitation being
estimated at about two inches since
morning. The rain began falling early
and has continued without a break
ever since. At times it fell in great
quantities and was accompanied by a
brisk wind. The season is well ad
vanced and everything Is growing
finely. Grass is tall and succulent and
stock Is doing well. At the present
time this county has had twenty inches
of rain for the season. This is about
two inches short of the last season at
a corresponding date, but sufficient
rain has fallen to insure abundant har
vests.
STOCKTON, Fob. 11.— Rain began
falling at 4 o'clock this afternoon, with
conditions excellent for a generous
downpour. Up to midnight the gauge
indicated .19 of an inch. While this
county was not in need of moisture the
raip will nevertheless be of much value
to ihe growing crops.
TRAIN IN THE WATER.
Storm in Marin County Nearly Causes
Wreck at Iloss Station.
SAN* RAFAEL. Feb. 11. — The storm
that visited Marin County to-night is
almost without parallel in severity.
Many acres of ground are inundated
and water surrounds the North Shore
Railroad depot. The train from Sau
salito which connects with the San
Francisco "theater boat" ran
through water for 200 yards near Ross
Station late to-ni&ht and came very
near being 1 wrecked. At Kempsfleld
there is something: of a flood and in
the house of an Italian the water is
several feet deep. The water is high
also at Larkspur and Escalle, and the
boathouses and arks are endangered.
KainfuJl Is General.
Rain fell generally in Central and
Northern California yesterday and last
night the storm was reported to be
making its way southward. The wind
was unusually high, a velocity of more
than fifty miles an hour being at
tained at various pofnts along shore.
The weather bureau officials predict
more rain for to-day.
DYNAMITE IS EXPLODED
UNDER RAILROAD IIRIDGE
Attempt Is Made to Wreck Property
of New York, New Haven and
Hartford Une.
ANSONIA, Conn.. Feb. 11.— An at
tempt was made last night to blow
up the railroad bridge being erected for
the New York. New Haven and Hart
ford Railroad across the Naugatuck
River here. Apparently the object was
to wreck one of the abutments and
also a big traveling crane which the
constructors, the Boston Bridge Com
pany, have placed in position for hand
ling girders. Little damage was done.
The bridee watchman was in his
shanty when he heard an explosion,
and looking out saw four men running
away. Later seven sticks of dynamite
were found about the structure.
The police are working on the theory
that the attempt was connected in
some way with the troubles which are
alleged io have been threatened fol
lowing the bridge company's refusal
to employ only union men on the
bridge.
COTTOLENE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1904
MOUSE SCARE
AT CONVENTION
Fair Delegates to the Federa
tion of Women's Clubs Ke
ccivd Katlicr . Serious Shock
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
Mrs. George Law Smith of
San Francisco Is Chosen Presi
dent to Succeed Mrs. Darling
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11.— It re
mained for a wee mouse scare to stir
up the first semblance of excitement
that has so far disturbed the serenity
of^ the California Federation of
Women's Clubs. It was just before the
balloting began this morning and each
fair voter was trying not be nervous
over the important question she was to
decide, when somebody jumped up in
a startled way and somebody else
promptly screamed "Mouse!" Imme
diately half the assembly was wob
bling unsteadily from the uncertain
vantage of the revolving chairs, and
the silken skirts of the other half were
gathered safely out of reach of the
dreaded monster-mouse. Not until the
lady who started the commotion ex
plained that she "thought she smelled
smoke" did the fears of the timid legis
lators abate. • Even then dainty ruffles
were frequently given a nervous shake
and many a furtive glance sought the
floor.
With such an auspicious start things
kept moving at a lively rate and the
scheduled events followed each other
in rapid succession.
For the first time in the history of
the federation the election of new State
officers was the most, absorbing topic
of the convention, owing to the fact
that the president will represent Cali
fornia at the General Federation of
Women's Clubs at St. Louis in May.
The three-cornered fight in the nom
inating committee, the quiet, smiling,
but deadly work carried on among the
different district delegations and the
usual dissatisfaction with the commit
tee's plans were very evident. The gen
eral result, however, seems to be fairly
satisfactory.
The precedent of a one-year term and
also of giving the presidency alter
nately to the north and south seems to
have been established. Mrs. L. F.
Darling gives place to Mrs. George
Law Smith of San Francisco as presi
dent. Mrs. J. E. Cowles of Los An
geles developed" such surprising
strength, both north and south of Te
hachapi, as to alarm Mrs. Smith's ad
herents for a time. It was with sxcat
relief they learned that Mrs. Cowles
would accept the second place of honor,
thus shutting out any possible nom
ination from the floor, which rnieht
have resulted in, defeat for the San
Francisco candidate.
Mrs. George W. Haight of Berkeley,
president of the Laurel Hall Club of
San Francisco, was nominated from
the floor by Miss Maria Babson of the
Oakland Ebell Club. Through a tech
nicality the nomination was not al
lowed. •
The large complimentary vote given
Mrs. Haight in the balloting, however,
Indicated that she would have made a
formidable fourth in the race for pres
idential honors had there been an or
ganized effort on the part of her
friends.
The following State officers were
elected:
President, lire. George Law Smith of San
FranclFco; vice president at large., Mrs. J. E.
<*owle.«, Los Angeles; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. Arthur W; Cornwall. San Francisco: r.e
cordlnK secretary. Mrs. Charles X. McLouth.
Pan Jo»e; treasurer, Mrs. Charles M. 13eck
with, Sacramento: auditor*. Mrs. Oliver C.
Bryants Ix>s Angeles, and Mrs. E. B. Wrenn.
Bakersfleld; State secretary to the General
Federation, Mr3. L. F. Darling: district vice
president* — San Francisco district. Mrs. A. E.
Osborne: Los Angeles district. Mrs. Frank E,
Prior; Kan Joaquin Valley district. Mrs. E. IJ.
Uujs; i?an Dietfo district, Mrs. Victor Mont-
Komery; Alamrda district, Mrs. Frank M. Wil
son; northern district, Mrs. W. II. Lawson.
The principal speakers of the morn
ing session were Mrs. Emma Fox,
Mrs. H. E. Thompson and Dr. Doro
thea Moore' of Juvenile Court fame.
The latter urged the women to keep
on "nagging the men to do what was
necessary to save not only the little
boys, but the big ones," from be.
coming criminal charges on the pub
lic.
An important resolution was offered
by Mrs. Kate Bulkley of Oakland, as
follows:
"Resolved, That the chairman of
the education committee be instruct
ed to recommend the clubs to unite
in an effort to raise $1000 to estab
lish a clubhouse for the women stu
dents of the University of California,
such clubhouse to be established by
the board of trustees of the clubhouse
loan fund and to be governed by the
rules put forth by that body."
Mrs. Bulklpy talked to the resolu
tion and considerable discussion fol
lowed, much interest being manifest
ed by the federation women.
The talk of Mrs. J. B. Hume of
Berkeley at the evening session on
"Mormonism" was one of the most
remarkable and eloquent of the fed
eration and was frequently interrupt
ed by applause. At times her state
ments seemed overdrawn, her statis
tic.! showing the startling growth of
Mormonism and its deadly menace to
the United States being almost in
credible. ' v
A. II. Elliott of Oakland was un
able to bo present, so Mrs. Robert
Burdettff took up the thread of his
chosen discourse, '•Uniform Divorce
Law," nnd spoke at length in strongly
denunciatory terms of the present lax
ity of the marriage tie.
The defeat on Wednesday of the
proposed amendment to the constitu
tion eliminating the word "women's"
from the title of the Federation of
Women's Clubs came as a great sur
prise to the advocates of the measure.
The proposed change | having been
voted down by a vigorous' majority, it
Is doubtful if it ever will be suggested
«xain.
The convention before adjourning sine
die to-night passed resolutions favoring
the granting of lands in severalty to
landless Indians in Northern Califor
nia, and pledging loyalty to the Big
Trees.
After choosing delegates to the bien
nial convention' of the General Federa
tion at St. L.oufs the convention in
structed its delegates to St. Louis to
propose for president of the General
Federation Mrs. It. J. Burdette.
The convention tabled the resolution
of sympathy for Clara Barton . in her
Rea Cross troubles, and the resolution
favoring Bible literature study in the
schools was defeated.
Fatally Injured. by a Car.
Guelfo Giuliani of 1506 Polk street
died at the City and County Hospital
yesterday from a fractured skull re
ceived last Saturday night by being
knocked off his fruit wagon by a street
car on California street, between Lar
kin and Polk. He received medical at
tention at his home until Tuesday,
when, becoming violent, he was sent
to the insanity ward, at the Central i
Emergency Hospital, and on Wednes
day to the City and County Hospital. ' I
BULGARIA
MUST WAR
WITH TURKS
Clash of Japan and Rus
sia in the Orient Opens
Way for Settlement of Dif
ficulties in the Balkans
DIPL03IATS CONSIDER
CONFLICT IS CERTAIN
Austria and the Government
'of the Czar Show Much
Anxiety Over the Probabil
ity of the Resort, to Arms
CONSTANTINOPLE. Feb. 11.— In
diplomatic circles here the fear is in
creasing that Turkey and Bulgaria
will take advantage of Russia's pre
occupation in the Far East to settle
their differences. Turkish securities
have been falling since Friday, the 6th.
VIENNA, Feb. 11.— The Politiache
Correspondenz, a semi-official news
paper, to-day published a communica
tion from Constantinople, saying: that
in Turkish governmental circles the
conviction prevails that the present
situation in the Far East renders war
in Bulgaria Inevitable.
In view of this condition of affairs it
is considered unnecessary that the
Porte should burden Itself with the se
rious obligations Involved in carrying
out the principal measures of the re
form plans for Macedonia,
Commenting on this statement, the
paper says the fact that such an opin
ion prevails merits the most earnest at
tention of the interested powers.
. BERLIN, Feb. 12.— A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Sofia. Bulgaria,
quotes a Government organ as saying,
in the course of an article en the war
in the Far East, that Bulgaria is
watching events in Eastern Asia with
close attention, as they may lead to
important developments for Bulgaria,
3UCHAREST, Roumania. Feb. 11.—
It is reported here that Premier
Stouddza has been sounded by the
Austro-Hungarian and Russian gov
ernments as to whether in the event
of the Macedonian movement assuming
Berlo'ia proportions in the spring, Rou
mania would accept a mandate from
the European powers to occupy Bulga
ria with troops.
According to the Statesman's year
book, the army of Roumania, on a war
footing, numbers about 170,000. The
war strength of Bulgaria is estimated
by the same authority as being about
205,000 men.
SEARLES . GAIjLKRY GAYLY
DECKED 1<X)R MARDI GRAS
Egyptian Pageant Will Re a Brilliant
Feature/ of the Annual
Festival.
The preliminaries of the Mardi
Gras ball are quite complete and the
decorations are nearly all in place.
Never before was the Searles gallery
so pretty as now in its -dress of violet
and yellow and hung with numberless
lanterns of carnival colors. Golden
spheres, birds, butterflies and numer
ous other things of the air and sea
float overhead and the effect is mag
ical.
The Egyptian pageant will be a
strong feature made up from the
members of the Alumni Association of
the School of Design, of which A. Alt
mann is president. These gorgeously
costumed sons of the Nile will have a
king trll their own, Newton J. Tharp,
who will reign for one brief night as
would become a king of the house of
Pharoah. And surely Isis must, be
there, but who the fair maid will be
is not vouchsafed to the inquiring
world.
Invitations that do not arrive before
Sunday will not be considered, but it
it is believed that nearly all who con
template attending have already at
tended to the matter.
Numerous groups of society maids
are plotting to attend in the same dis
guise, much as was the vogue last
year, when twenty Topsies, all the
same size and of the same circle, set
the guests' heads aglee.
The music for Tuesday night, will
be under the dir«ction of Henry Hey
man.
Supper will be served at 11:30 and
600 guests may be accommodated at
once.
PKRSONAL.
Dr. R. P. Bonnett of Santa Cr^z is at
the Lick.
William Pierce, a capitalist of Sui
sun, is at the Palace.
Postmaster' M. H. Flint of Los An
geles is at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmore Stone of NaDa
are registered at the Palace.
George . R. Stewart, a cattleman of
Crows Landing, is at the Grand.
Ex-Congressman \V. W. Dixon. chief
counsel of the Amalgamated Copper
Company, arrived from Butte, Mont.,
yesterday and is staying at the Palace.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skisv Diseases
of the most stubborn and chronic kind '
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of
This pbwerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced . incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that cause, skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for^the
last 12 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by. leading drujjpsts or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of as cents.
610 Prince St., New York.
Paiarp dont fail to
I aiavy 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/inn roam, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r « PALM ROOM, the
Ilf/Md LOUIS XV PAR.
UiaiIU LOR, and the LA-
U J. 1~ DIES * WRITING
Hotels room.
PATTOSIE^^TS.^ -
: ■ ■ ■ —
PATTOSIEN'S STORE
WILL BE CLOSED
SATURDAY.
We have sold so much furniture, so
many carpets and curtains that our
delivery department is overtaxed. \^e
are therefore compelled, in justice to
our patrons, to announce that our store
will be closed Saturday. This will give
the different departments an oppor-
tunity to replenish their stock from
the warehouses and to deliver all back
orders.
This store will reopen Monday at
9:30 a. m. with new bargains.
Pattosien Co., cor. 16th and Mission.
W.J. PATTOSIEN, Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vB&iiifiii
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
fr FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
Gfl I & I 4ffik Ammunition. Hunting and
H |tlH\k. Sporting Goods, Largest
9 n Bwl t^ Block. Lowest prices. Send
W? I V tJf SHRBVE & BAUBER CO..
73* Market »t. and 821 -
Kcarny at.
• AMUSEMENTS.
RaciwlllSl^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY, February L
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start a t 2 p. m. Sb&rp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
.Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the trade Immediately
after the last race. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
THE EASTER GOWN
- Mrs. Osborn, the famous artist of dressmaking, the creator of
Sp*>||h styles for the smart set of New York, in the March Delineator
tT^2^ gives the most important fashion news looking forward to Spring
anc^ S ummer styles. The planning of every gown, she says, now
IN v^vT hinges upon the style of its skirt. No woman should plan her
* Easter costume without carefully studying this letter. In it she
will find the secret of correct dressing told in type and shown in illustrations.
In this issue there are more real helps for the well dressed wo- dzSSgSJg&
man- in perfecting her Easter gowns and her Summer clothes «l§|pr
than in any other authority. This number alone is worth *3*®N^^
more to her in the consciousness of being well gowned than |^r'^^%7
the cost of a year's subscription. Besides the skirt Mrs. Osborn - J£fr. lisSra
telis of collar effects and coats. . (JisiiMSr 18a
Every Part of the Life of Every Woman l^fl Hf
There is something in it for every department of every woman's T \ vvr
life. There are helpful papers on her dress, her beauty, her children, her fam-
ily, her table, her house, and for every room in it, and finally for her leisure
hour and her intellectual development. These are the things that make
the most necessary 'magazine for women.
IT IS JUST OUT. BE SURE TO GET IT.
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick agent, or of the publishers, at 15 cents a copy; $1.00 a year.
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. Limited. 7 West Thirteenth Street. New York
AMTJEEMZUTaL
CALIFORNIA
f3 ...-..-TO-KIQKT — E^
The Favorites — America's Greatest
Irish Comedians.
(My Murray
i vS) Mack
O In Their Whirlwind Musical Comedy.
n A WIGHT OX BROADWAY.
g Next Sunday— "DEVIL'S AUCTION." g
WULUlWlESI A Luoiaa mats*
This Week Nightly, Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LOUIS FREDERICK
JAMES and WARDE
In the Sumptuous Spectacular Drama..
"ALEXANDER THE GREAT."
Next Week— JAMES and WARDE In
Repertoire.
Monday and Sunday Nights and Sat. Mat.,
JULIUS CAESAR.
Tuemlay and Friday OTHELLO
Wednesday and Saturday MACBETH
Thursday ALEXANDER THE GREAT
SEATS NOW READY.
February 22— DENMAN THOMPSON.
COMPANY ' SONGS
PLAY SPECIALTIES
ROLY-POLY
A SUCESS! A DECIDED HIT!
Brilliantly Funny — Catchy Songs — Beautiful
Marches — Ten Specialties!
Our "AH Star" Cast, Including:
KOLB AND DILL.
JOHN PEACHET,
BEN T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN RUSSELL,
NELLIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, — 25c and 60e.
MISCEI.I.AMXOP3 AMTTSEMEKTS.
BLAUVELT
CONCERTS .
Evenings Feb. 16, 18. Mat. Sat., Feb. 20
SEATS READY T0-M0RR0W.
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
PRICES, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00. '
! :':.:r AMUSEMENTS.
AN ENTIRE COMEDY. BILL!
BUJy B. Van; Rose Beaumont anrl
Company; Thorne am! Carlcton:
Snj-dcr nnd Buckley; last times of
Monroe, Mack and I^awrrnce; the
Two SUvas; Stuart Barnes nn:l
liobertus and Wiirrrdo, and Orphe-
um Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinee Fverv We<tn»3^ay Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 23c
and :0c.
TTVOL!^
I'U'TH WEEK OT
THE DISCUSSION OP THE DAT.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Ccmle Opera by
Stanislaus Stang> and Julian Edwards.
EECL'RE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
In Preparation — "THS OTPST BAEOS."
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 5Cc an<1 73c
Box Seats $1 .VO
AT r»A7 AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR rrsi
General Manager.
A GREAT LAUGHING BILL!
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AXD SUN.
Screamingly Funny French Farce.
ThC U3V S 1<walB1! WEBB
Parisians | **«s»«ti-
200 Nights Madison F.iu.ire. New York.
Evgs., 25c to 75c. Mat?. Sat. A Sun.. 25c to 30c.
NEXT MONDAY— Pavld Delas«-o and H. C. d*
'MiUe's Powerful American Play.
THE CHARITY BALL.
IN PREPARATION— PARSIFAL.
Market Street. Near Eighth. . .Phone s?outh 533
TO-NIGHT — A LI. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful. Sensational Melodrama.
= IN SIGHT OF =
= ST. PAUL'S =
Magnificent Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Brilliant Sta*e Effects:
All Central Favorites In Cast.
TO-NIGHT
FORESTERS* NIGHT.
PDirrC Evenings Ific to 5T»o
rnlWLJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c
Next— "THE MEN OF JIMTOWNV
Mais. To-Morrow and Wednesday at 2 Sharp.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK ONLY
INCLUDING SUNDAY NIGHTS.
CVBTAIH RISES AT 8 SEABF. : •
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY — Presenting
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OP
CATHERINE
PRICES— J2. $1.50. tl. 7}c and BOc.
SUNDAY NIGHT. FEHRUART 21«.
Positively Last Wetwr and Fields Performance,
! . ; '
mgh-classIpecialties
Every Afternoon and Evening Is th«
Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HANNIBAL
The Untamable African Lion, In the Zoo!
Admission. H)c: Children. 5c.
"When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes. "
WEEKLY OAXL, $1.00 PER YEAB.
910
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE AND HAPPENINGS IN THE PRIZE RING
FLEET HOUNDS
ON THE FIELD
Twenty-Four Entries Are Made
for This Week's Champion
Stake at In?leside Park
SPEED TO BE A FACTOR
Hares Are Slowing Down and
the Dogs With Stamina
Alone Will Not Do Much
A 24-dog champion stake, \rith Mount
Hose. Charter Member, Lord Brazen.
Full Moon and other J ryrrrs' amonc the
preyhounds entered. Is the feature of
\&* Ingieside Coursing Park card for
ihis vreek. The doge with stamina are
r.ot expected to cut so prominent a
f.pure as they have in the past few
months, a? the hares are slowing down,
owjr.g to the abundance of green feed.
This will give the sprinters an oppor
tunity.
A forty^dog open' stake, with a well
balanced field, completes the pro
pramme. The total added money Is
5"42 50. The draw at Pythian Castle
last r.'.fht resulted as follows:
Oiarcrlon ttr.V.* C4 entries)— Presidio Boy vs.
?>Tr>urit Rose: H^mer Hoy vs. Doc Burns: Lord
T»rr.:«-n vs. Clover B'.ofsom; Crawford B»!> vs.
T?»^-k:ess Acrcbot : Cliudhurst vs. Tro'Jl>>*om« > :
T*»s!-a Pl»-a?.i».nt \r Quita: rjlaucus vs. Tralee
I^s?- Refl Perpcr v». RapF^d Actor; Full M^on
nt. n,ir Motto; CeHtc vs. Uooey Musk; Honest
Jrhn \f. YomiK Klamath; Charter Member vs.
T'\a* Hoo IIoo.
Open stake <W entries!— rur«" Pearl vs.
Fr.iry Belle; Mediles-me vs. Ros« cf Gold:
Comique vs. Tumoro; Equator vs. Harlean
Clatfrs; Te'Iow Tail vs. Van Nora; Van Alba
vs. Partsway: N'orthern Alarm vs. lor.^ Hill:
MrUie Me vb. Rock p.nd Rye; Our Minnie vs.
Rich Argosy; Prometheus vk. Texas J:ll; Lo
ttX'.x vs. Tcpsy Turvey; Ha'Jdlnjfton vs. 1'na;
Ct&t Ey»s vs. <*rmrrr,ir.K Thought; OoM«n Rale
Lord Grar.ard: iv>n Pedro vs. Bob R; Con
r^y vs. Lady Mer.lo: BrilManoy v«. Vikinjr;
TVisco Lad vs. n^lfust: Far.nle Hujthie vs.
Kanry Free: Lily York vj. False Alarm.
AITOMOBILJSTS PLAN'
A REMARKABLE TOUR
T\\Tntr-F1ve Hundred Machines Will
Form « Procession to tlie
St. Locis Fair.
CHICAGO. Feb. 11.— Details of a
prend club tour to be held in August
were discussed to-day at the annual
mpetir.gr of the American Automobile
Association. This tour, a? outlined. Is
to be run from New York City to St.
J^-iuis. including club runs from every
town along the route.
Dates will be so arranRed that the
Boston club- will meet the New York
nutoipts as they start upon the over
land Journey. These will be joined by
automcbilists from oth«»r cities, thus
forming a procession that will be a
continuous march to the World's Fair
city. Cleveland is to be made the
prnnd rallying point. where thj
pappart of clubs will merge and con
tinue their journey. The tour is not to
b* a race nor an endurance run.. It is
planned purely for the pleasure of the
club" members. Twenty-five hundred
machines, it is estimated, will make
the overland Journey.
\YAVT TO PLAY SUNDAY
BALL -GAMES IN" TIIE EAST
Xation.il Ba«eball Commission Dis
cusses the Subject In Stormy Ses
sion, but WiUiout Results.
CHICAGO. Feb. 11.— After a stormy
executive session which lasted for five
hours the National Baseball Commis-
Fion adjourned to-night until noon to
morrow without having reached any
decision on thf American club playing
Sunday basrball in Hidgeway Park, on
Long Island, next season.
Despite the heat of the discussion. !t
5s said by those most interested in the
matter that it will be settled to-morrow
tJ the satisfaction of both leagues.
Bpfore the commission went into ex
ocjtive session much routine business
- -<s transacted.
The request of Player Lucia that his
name be stricken from the reserve list
of the Milwaukee Western League
team was refused.
Baseball at Santa Clara.
SANTA CLARA. Feb. 11.— The Re
liance Club ball team was defepted to
ilay by the Santa Clara College team
on the college campus by a score of 9
'." • Neither pfUe scored .ntil the mid
dle of the grame, when the Re'iance
made the firsr run. Santa Clara fol
lowed with three in the next inning
and the game was - one-sided contest
until the end. The batteries were:
Reliance — Sullivan. Tyson and Strub:
Batnta Clara— Emerson and Chase.
Santa Clara. College" plays Stanford on
Stanford campus to-morrow afternoon.
On Surday the third game In a series
of flvp between Santt Clara College
and 11 ayer Brothers will be played on
the college campus.
Two Track Meets at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 11.
Athletic Managrr D. V. Cowden is
completing arrangements with the
University "of Nevada and .he Tanta
Rosa High School for 'two track meets
to be held at Stanford durirr March.
It has b^oii decided that the High
Schtxl athletes will meet the Stanford
freshmen track team on Saturday.
March 12. The date for the meet with
the University of Nevada has been
. Fcheduled for March 19. but there is a
possibility that the sagebrush track
men cannot" get into form by that
« time on account of the cold weather of
Nevada preventing training. In ca.e
Nevada is not ready by March 19 a
later date will be set or the meet will
: le called off."
Clarence Forties Knocked' Out.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. ll.-Kid Her
man to-night knocked out Clarence
F<>rbrs in the sixth round of what was
FchedulPd for a twpnty-round bout be
fore tho Missouri Athletic Club. Her
man, v.ho had much the advantage in
\ve!pht. knocked Forbes down three
times in th? Fixth round.
Princeton Athletes to Compete.
PRINCETON. N. J., Feb. 11.— The
Princeton track and field athletes will
be entered this year in the Olympic
games at *?L Louis in June and in a
dual meet with the University of Chi
cago at Chicago.
Sportsmen Will Meet at Seattle.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Feb. 11.— The
Leag-ue of American Sportsmen to-day
thos<v Seattle, Wash., as the place of
next meeting.
Strikers Mioot Deputy Sheriff.
DENVER. Fob. 11.— A News spe
cial from Tombstone, Ariz., says that
Deputy Sheriff Arthur Wright has
been shot by striking Mexicans. at the
Black Diamond' smelter, who resisted
arrest- A posse of miners captured
the Me.sJcuns and there are threats of
lynching:. .^
REDFERN RIDES
THREE WINNERS
Starts Off Well by Taking: .the
First Race at Ascot on Tur
tle, Which Beat Mistletidc
JOHN JfcGURfc RUNS BADLY
Is Made Favorite for 3Iile and
a Quarter Event, but Is Not
Prominent in the Running
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11.— Three fa
vorites and three second choices won at
Apcot to-day, and the public was more
successful than usual. Redfern rode
three winners. He opened the pro
gramme with Turtle, at 2V4 Jo 1, beat
ing: Mistletide and Capitoi in the orfer
named.
J. V. Kirby was the hot favorite in
the second, and won easily from Iras,
with Louwelsea third.
Lunar, at 4 to 1, took the third race.
Canejo was second and Mr." Robinson
third.
Golden Mineral was played from 2 to
1 to 6 to 6, and won the fourth race
easily from Pat Bulger. Palm Reader
ran into the show.
John McGurk was made favorite for
the fifth race, at a mile and a quarter,
but was never prominent. Greenock
won by two lengths from Platonius,
with Diamante third.
The last race went to Straggler. This
was hia first start here. He was strong
ly played and closed at 2. to 1. Milas
opened at 2 and went to the post fa
vorite at 7 to 5. Uitruda got the place
and Miias the show.
It being ladies' day, the attendance
was 4500. Weather perfect, track good.
SUMMARY.
First race, mile, purse — Turtle. 108 (Red
fern). 5 to 2'. won; Mistletide. OS fFelcht), 8
to 1. second; Capitol. 1"O < Anderson), 10 to 1.
third. Time. 1:43. Can NV1I. Ilosseric. Capa
ble. Seaforth, llonduran snd Mainspring also
ran.
Second race. mile, spiling— J. V. Kirby. 103
<Redfern). 2 to 1. won: Iras, J>8 (J.- L*wig). 10
to 1, second; Ijnuwflsea. 102 il^awrencp), 10
to 1. third. Time, 1:42. MacUyle. L'lm. Paddy
B. Tine-a-I^lngr. L<-ga! Maxim. Dotterel, Dr.
Bernays, Athelrore and El Orlente also rap.
Third race, mile, selling — Lunar, 107 (Dono
vant, 4 to I, won; Car.ejo, llff (Redfern). 5 to
2. second; Mr. Robinson, 112 (Prior). 15 to 1,
third. Time. 1:421?. Hluerldge. Merwan, In
vlotus and All About also ran.
Fourth race. Fix furlongs, handicap — Golden
Mineral, loa fHcdfern). 6 to 5. won: Pat
Hulger. 1(R> iDonovan). 3 to 1, second; Palm
Render. 3<HJ <J. J*>xvls=). 3 to 1, third. Time.
1:14. At'.antico also rafl.
Fifth race, one ard a fourth miles, selling —
Gr«>*nock. 172 « Priori. 3 to 1. won: Platonius.
1<>4 <J. Lev.'is'i. 11 to 5, second: Diamante, 1(V>
<Buxton>. rt to 1. thinJ. Time. 2:07. Frank
McXeo and John McGurk nlso ran.
Sixth race, seven furloncs. s-hinc — Strap
frier. 112 <.T. Lewis!. 2 to 1. won: Uitruda. 124
<Pri3r>. fi to 1, s^k-gtuI; Milas, 119 (Donovan!,
7 to 5. tbird. Time. 1 :2S. I'hyz, Homage,
Cazador. Kmshee and Evander also ran.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW" ORLEANS. Feb. 11.— Results
First race, sellinfjr, seven furlongs — Ora Mc-
Kinney wc"n. Arnold K second, Moderator third.
Time. 1 :3tt 1-6.
Second race, one mile — Miss Melton won,
Ciausus second, Katie Powers third. Time,
1:4S.
Third race, six furlonjrs — Fo«y Kane won.
Alpaca second, Mrs. Frank Foster third. Time,
1:18.
Fourth race, one mile — Ben Howard won.
Stand Pat second. Curate third. Time, 1:47.1-5.
Fifth racr, spllinp. six furlong's — Safeguard
wen, Gus Lanka second, Frank Rice third.
Time. l:ISi-5.
Slvsh race, one mile — Etnma A M won.
Will Shelly second, Josle F third. Time, 1:49.
TAFT REVIEWS CONDITIONS
IN PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Says Beneficial Effects From a. Politi
cal Standpoint Juslifv Purchase
of the Friar Lands.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— Secretary
of War Taft reviewed conditions in the
Philippines before the House Commit
tee on Insular Affairs Wednesday. The
Secretary turned his attention to
the Patterson bill to abolish slavery in
the islands. He stated that there was
not the slightest objection to the pass
age of the bill, although in his judg
ment there was no cause for the meas
ure, as slavery had already been abol
ished legislatively by the terms of the
Philippine act. The Bates treaty, he
said, had been abrogated by the Sultan
of Sulu and his dattos, and he had for
warded a recommendation to the Secre
tary of War for its abrogation officially
by the United States. Secretary Taft
reviewed the friar land negotiations,
which had successfully been concluded.
While the Philippine Kovernment might
lose perhaps Jl.aOO.COO or 52,000,000 by
the purchase of the friar lands and
their subsequent sale to Filipinos, he
thought the beneficial effects from a
political standpoint amply justified the
transaction.
Secretary Taft will continue his ac
count of Philippine matters before the
committee at another time, aria will
also be heard later by the House Com
mittee on Merchant Marine and Fish
eries on the Philippine shipping bill.
FIRE ALMOST EXTKRS
,"> ./ -:i CHAMBER OF DEATII
Residence in Which Lay the Body of
Henry A. Spaulding Is De
stroyed.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Fire almost
destroyed the ' home of Pelham
Manor, where lay the body of Henry
A. Spaulding. for many years one of
the leading Jewelers of Netv York.
Chicago and Paris. He died on Monday
from pneumonia. While the body
lay in an unper room of the residence
fire was discovered. Girl students
from a near-by school hurried to the
scene ar.d helped the family carry out
the furniture. Firemen rescued the
body, although the flames almost sur
rounded the room where it lay. Spaul
ding retired from active business ten
years ago.
VALUE OF AX13IALS
RUNS INTO MILLIONS
Statistician of Department of Agricul
ture Completes Intimates on
Number of Farm Hensts.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11. — The
acting statistician of the Department
of Agriculture has completed his es
timates of the number and value of
farm animals in the United States on
January I, 1604. The totals for the
country are shown in the following
table:
Farm Arlmals. Number. Value.
Horses 17.7:;tJ.O79 $1,13G.O»0.293
Mules •.'.5"L',51T 217.020.S32
Milch cowi 17.41t>.S17 6CK1.S40.40S
Other cattte 43.tr<»,4'JS 7J"J^i7S 134
fihe«p 61.C30.H4 * lS-XKiO.tim
Swine 47.O0U.3ti7 2S9.224.627
Take a Kcst'at Del Monte.
The scenery at Del Monte Is very beautiful,
and fcr bathing, boating:.* riding, gclnr.c and
otser iltas-urt-s the place Is famous. A first
class ticket between San Francisco and Ltojt
Arfirl--*-. either direction. . Including, two days'
entertainment at Del Monte, only $22; chil
dren,' $11 SO. Privilege of thirty -days' >.top
over If, you wlih. Southern Pacific agentj
will rive you particulars. ' • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12, 1904.
BOSE ELY, A BACKED 100 TO 1 SHOT,
CAPTURES THE TWO-YEAR-OLD EVENT
Hildebrand Hasan
Off Day in the
caddie
Bose Ely, a two-year-old, was made
the medium of a "killing" yesterday
at Ingleside, A. Mr. Somebody from
Somewhere, report said Oakland,
backed the youngster from 100 to 1
down to 15 and 20. Boss Ely displayed
exceptional, speed in the slushy going,
outfootingr Edith Vice at the finish and
winning: by more than a length. Speak
er Fontana, the favorite, got cut off
! less than a furlong away from the
I judges and ran unplaced. After the
; race the man. from Oakland collected
■between $15,000 and $17,000, It was aaid,
and departed for home.
The admirers of Hildebrand spent a
wretched afternoon, as the crack light
weight did not land a winner. Glls
sando and Letola were the only short- 1
priced horses to capture purses. Rain
fell almost continually and the track
was a sea of mud.
BELIj AND WHISKERS FAIL.
Bell rode "Whiskers In the introduc
tory sprint. From 9 to 5 the price about
the Petaluma horse went to 2*4 and
Bell and Whiskers finished third.' Fair
Lady Anna, which ran for the Native
Sens on Wednesday, was a starter in
this number. With Solomon Bonner
again at the wheel and heavily played
at 3 and 4 to 1, the mare led from start
to finish, beating out Handpress two
lengths.
A grand aggregation of. platers start
ed in the mile selling affair. Nothing
I was known about the condition of Glis
sando, so he closed a slight favorite
over Emily Oliver. Pastmaster was
blessed with some speed, but Glissando
held him safe, scoring without effort
by three lengths. Emily Oliver finished
in the show. Norford had Gruwell on
his back again and the young man is
certainly a crude piece of workmanship.
In the hurry and confusion to back
Walter Jennings' Stllicho to win the.
mile and seventy yard run the shrewd
ones overlooked everything else. Daisy
Green had Hildebrand up, but that ap
peared to cut no figure yesterday.
STIIJCIIO AWAY BADLY.
Unfortunately Jack Martin got awtty
from the post badly with Stilicho, fin
ishing third. The Don. a 15 to 1 shot
piloted by Travers, made all the run
ning and at the wire downed Esherin a
length with nothing to spare.
With Hildebrand up. Letola, another
from the Jennings stable, would have
been a 1 to 2 chance to annex the six
furlong selling affair. With Willie Daly
in the saddle some 7 to 5 was obtain
able and the fast filly won in a gallop.
Bombardier outstayed George Berry,
taking the place.
Mike Daly's three-year-old Sailor
Knot r was backed from 4 to 2 in the
speculating on the concluding mile and
fifty yard- event, and a poor send-off
spoiled a good thing. The colt was
pounds the best, but did not get away,
running a close third. Ridden out, G.
W. Trahern, an 11 to 1 shot, led Axmin
ster, the second choice, past the judges
less than a length.
XOTKS OP TIIE TRACK.
Bell was highly complimented for his
ride on Whiskers — by the admirers of
Fair Lady Anna.
On his previous race Bose Ely
looked a certainty to win the two
year-old race. That is, if one had the
nerve.
My Order is a good-looking two-year
old and won't be a maiden long.
O'Hagen ran a poor race for a mud
lark. He may start again this week.
From a dispatch received at the
track yesterday it was learned that a
Victorian sport named Ross made a
$500 bet at Seattle that George Berry
would beat Bombardier. Ross wired
E. G. Harmon, trainer of George Ber
ry, that he was in on half, the bet if
Btvry won. Bombardier finished second
without much effort. •
Steve Judge sold Mr. Dingle yester
day to E. Tierney.
Barney Schreiber took a trip to Los
Angeles and has no book on this cut
in.
KNTRIKS FOR TO-T>AY.
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
ynr-rjfis *nd up: selling.
(T,ns.-{)Rir Tom Tiddler (Daly) llf>
5R7O "Maud Muller (Miller) 95
5«7rt John Hoggs (Stover) 102
<M".14 •gjr Preston (Huntp.r) 102
finrvj Quiz II (McCafferty) 107
r.070 Bard Bums (Judge) 110
KW2 Amasa (Rowley) .i 107
Second rare— Three-quarters of a mile; maid
en three-year-olds; Felling
CM2 Hulfor.l (Stover) Kfl
T&M 'War Times (Patt»rson). 102
0002 H.-iRarth <Carmody) 10!)
r.(xrj Jnrk Little (Fine) inn
r.tf>5 «Rfrl Bird (Slaughter) 102
MOO •Flnrinm Belle (Miller) 102
IW Dundreary (Burns & Waterhouse). .. .112
. r vWXt Inspector Munro (Fox) 112
59S3 »Orso (Fitzgerald) "; 104
Third race — Seven-eighths of a mile; four
yenr-olds and up: selling. '
5«si 'Decoy (Miller) 100
4!!ia Possart (Case) 10S
cm 6 The Counsellor (Cotton) 102
r>112 Pol Lichtenstcln (Romlgh) 102
(fiOOCOMr. Farnum (McCafferty) 10.%
(.-.!>7K)Dandle Belle (Winter) 10,1
C014 »CarIlee (Appleby & Co.) f>8
Fourth race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up: selling. ,
C083 Titus (MeeV) ..102
r.»7S 'Amoruna (McGulre) 05
PMW) Teufel (Magrane) . . 1C«
LOUT Suburban Queen (Winter) .1C0
. r .Rfi3 Moddcr (Buckholtz) lofi
T.W.G Lunpa (McMichaels) 10*
r.WO Dr Sherman (White) ICQ
5W2 Skip Me (Madison) 112
EMM Flyer (Ryan) *.....1C2
C004 The Prlrfo (Neal) .-...114
5.VLS 'Badly Used (Newell) 101
4GC6 Young Morello (Scharetg) 114
Firth race — Half a mile; two -year- olds;
selling.
<50C7)*Mea<U (Bianchl & Co.) .....101
.... Mirpah (Summers)........." ....101
Kismet-Jennie K.
(COODEduardo (Burns & WaterhouseV lOfl
.1079 'Saecharate (Napa Stock Farm)...... Wl
5979 'Willa (Dobson) .....101
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
KIM •Albemarle (Qulnlan) 107
r>M9 Dungannon (Knebelkamp) SH
C007 Mr. Dtng'.e (Tierney) lflfl
r.nsi 'Anvil. (Murray) ■ j»s
C&AS "MaUle Clark (Dayton) 02
0004 Instrument (McAllister & Co.).....;.. 89
I 'Apprentice allowance.
PEOE AEI.E VrXSVEUB.
rirst race—Sir Tom Tiddler, Quiz XX,
Amata.
Second race— Bed Bird, Hulford, Jack
Little.
Third race — Sol LlchtensteLn, Mr. Par
sum, Decoy.
Fourth race — The Pride, Flyer, Mod
el er.
Fifth race — Eduardo, Meada, Willa.
Sixth race — Dun janaon, Albemarle,
Mr. Dinjtfe.
Siam sent abroad $3",5S2,000 worth
last year, almost entirely rice, and
bought $27,692,000. Dollar; clocks was
the only notable item furnisher by the
United States. .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
HTOI.E8IDE HACETBACK— THURSDAY, Feb. 11. Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
CO14. FIRST RACE — Futurity course"; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. .$325.
X J^« Horse and Owner. WtlSt. tf\ %T %. Str. Fin. | Jockey, j Op- Ct.
?°W> Fair L. Anna. 4 (McCafferty) 98! 1 ... 1 ''4 1 1 2 12 Bonner i * 3
(59R0) Handpress, a - (Magrane) 108f 2 ... 3h .12 2 1^2% J. Daly.... 4 7-2
<"S72> Whiskers. 5 (R. Wilson) 104 ( 6 ... 6h 5^44 33 Bell 0-5 5-2
(K.74) Sir Preston. 4 (Scharetg) 1<V4| 5 ... 2 «& 2.1* 3 2 44 Connell .... .8 T-
R6SO Riondo. S <R Hughee) 9(il 0 ... 62 62 51 5n |Tobln 2<» 10i>
(WHO) Carilep. 6 (Appleby & Co.)...., »7 3 ... 4 244 n 8 3 6 % iHildebrand •'• »
S860 Nullah, a (O. S. McKcnzie).. 101 7 ... 7^71 7 }i 7 4 Kunz 10 12
r>««8 The Toiler, 4 (F. Jones) 101 8 ..." 8 6 8 8 8 J. T. Shehnl 20 . 100
8 t5?L Ca "j(f Bg auty. 5 (Washoe, S.) 90 4 ... .9 Pulled up Iteed j 100 ICO
Time— :24$? :49%7~i :l.tv*. At poet % mfnute Off «t 2:o£ Anna, place, 1; show. 1-2.
Handpress. place. .6-5; *how. 1-2. Whiskers, show. 3-5. Winner, br. m. by Plaudlt-
Red Belle. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Reason "Why. Start perfect. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. - Second speed recital of Fair Lady Anna drew a crowd
" ™ house and was a marked success. Handpress did his best. Whiskers trimmed by
Bell at union rates. Sir Preston ran his race.. Carilee no speed. Nullah probably can't
run ln_mud any more.
0015. SECOND RACK— Three- and a half furlongs; purse; maiden 2-yr.-olds; to first. 1323.
! iL d !l Horse and Owner. WtlSt. hi. M- %• Str. Fin. | Jockey7 Opi Cl.
S»« Boas Ely (Blaalngame Bros.). 105 3 Hi Hi 1 IhIj. T. Shehn 30 30
5901 Edith Vice (P. Hlldreth) 110 1 1^21 2 iHildebrand 13-5 4
.... My Order (P. Ryan).. 110 6 5 2 33 8 8 See B 5
S843 Speaker Fontana (Schreiber).. 113 2 ... • ... 2 n "4 1 4 % Burns ..... 5 1 9-10
5943 Corn Blossom (H. E. RowelU. 113 7 ...... 4 4 5 6 5 5 J. Daly...". 7 5
5901 Miss Tbnopah (Washoe Stable) 105 4 ... ... 63 64 «5 Rrfed 40 100
Robert Mitchell (Summers)... 113 S* ... ..." 7 7 7 Haack ..;.. ' 40 100
Time— :26U, :44H. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2.28V,. Bose Ely. place. 8: show. 3. Vice.
place, 1; show. 1-3 Order, show. 4-5. Winner b g by Wernberg-Calllna. Trained by
' «Wj I* Appleby. Start rood. Won in a hard drive of three. Bose Ely was something
from the sweet pickle Jar. Edith Vice was bumped aome near the close. My Order is a
_^_^_Bj>od-h3oker^andcanrun. Speaker Fontana cut oft by winner afurlonr from home.
OO16.- THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, *323.
Index I Horse and Owner. TTtlft. % . ¥,.- \. Str. Fin. Jockey; I Op. CT.
C580 Glissando. a (O. P. Romlgh).. 10T 1 2 % 1 v. ] ij 1 n 13 Bell 3 3
59S1 Past Master 4 (C. P. Fink).. 107 3 1^22 25 2 3 2 4 J T. Shehn 10 9
i.»f»0 Emily Oliver, fl (R. H. Clark). 100 8 (1 H IS 2^3 2 3 3 3 n C. Smith... 5 11-2
T.D44 The Ledaean 5 (Boots & Co.) 110 48n» 734 3 44 Bonner 6 8
.W.fl The Counsellor. 4 (Cotton). .. !lO£i 3 5n6n 6n 54 56 Hildebrand j «; 'iT
.5020 Elmer L,c (Klunder & Co.).. 111015 73 JiJJii.63-65 !S»e 15 25
r,»Sl Tom Klngsley. a (Winter) 11071 7 , 3 2V43 3 4 1^7 2 7 n IKnapp .... 8 ft
r.09.1 Norfora. 6 <C. H. French) 1105 9 0 819 '8385 lOruwell ... 5 6
GOSOjTamnVji (W. P. Magrane). ..IllOl 6 4 2 4 H 8 2 9 9 |J. Daly | 10 0
Time — :25'i. :51U. 1:18V4. 1:46. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:58. Glissando. place. 2; show,
1. Master, place. 4; show, 2. Oliver, show. 1. Winner, b. g: by Foul Shot-Berna.
: Trained by J. Stewart. Scratched — Mr." Farnum Lansdowne. Start good for. all but.
Norford. Won easily.-. Next three driving. GMssando ..had nothing to ' beat. Tom
Kingsley was played. • Gruwell -< no help to - Norford. - .'
0017. FOL'RTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; purse ;v 4 -year- olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . «4. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! cf.
*10O« The Don. '4 (H. E. Rowell) 101 4 1 >i 1 1^1 h In 11 Travers ~ 10 15
r>fm Esherin. 4 (J. F Schorr) »6 3 8 n 2h 2 2 2 1U2 »i Reed 4 18-5
r.S!)S Stllicho. 4 (W. B Jennings).. 103 6 54 55 3n3^3h J. Martin.. 5-2 Hi 5
P0?,l iDalsy Green. 4 (Follansbee)..!l01| 2 2 2 3 14 1^4 1 4 2<4 Hildebrand 2 12-5
r>5»57 lO'Hagen, 5 (Mrs. Bender) 108! 5 4 2^4 1 5 8 5 15 5 15 Ollphant .. 4 6
T.P6P. lArgregor. 6 (Boots & Co.). . . .|10B! 16 6 8 6 6 Bonner 10 16
Time— :24W. :50*i. 1:17%. 1:45U. l:4f>',4. At post % minute. Off at 3:21ii. Don. place.
<?; show. 2. Esherin. place. 6-5; show. 1-2. Stllicho. show. 1-2. Winner, b. h. by
Lissak-Cereta. Trained by H. E. Rowell. start good. Won In a drive of four. Th«
Don is quite a mudlark, it would seem. Esherin ran her race. Stilicho was away badly
or he would have won. Daisy Green won't do. O'Hagen ran a very poor race.
GO18. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt!St. %. *£. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
W02 Letola (Jennings & Co.) 94 1 ... 1 2m 3 14 1 4% W. Daly... 111-10
(M)95) Bombardier (F. Skinner) 09 5 ... 4n 2h 2 3 2 2% Hildebrand 5-2 5-2
(SSOi) George Berry (Bottger & Co.). 104! 4 ... 2 *i 4 % 3 3 31 Bell 12 '8
Serenity (A F. Dayton) 90| 2 ... 3 »,4 5 l'JS 2 4 4 Kunz 20 15
5022 Instructor (Boots & Co.) 100 6 ... B 2^3 1!^4 % K 6 Bonner .... 20 10
5W5 Ebony (Hamilton Stable). .. .1108 3 ... 6 6 6 6 J. Daly. ... 7 10
Time — :25U. :31. 1:17. At post V* minute. Off at 3:47. I>tola. place, 1-2; show, out. Bom
bardier, place. 7-10; fhow, out. Berry, show. 3-5. Winner, ch. f. by Star Ruby-Leu
cofiia. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won very easily. Next two driving.
Winner pounds the best and price a very long one. Bombardier ran his race. George
Berry tired the lost sixteenth. Instructor ran out. Ebony Is ailing.
OO1O. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile and 50 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $323.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i . £T %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cf.
(5nB3)lG. AV. Trahern. 5 (Qulnlan).. Ill 6 3 1*42 h 1 l«£l 2>41 *4 J. T. Shehn 10 IT
6071 Axminster 6 (W. D. Randall) 103 1. 5 2&3 h 8 %-3 4 2 % Hildebrand 8-5 11-5
MC7 Sailor Knot, 3 (M J Daly).. 85 6 fi fl 2 3 2^34 W. Daly... 4 2"
5f»71 Keynote. 5 (J. A 'Kyle) 101 4 4 h 5 1^4 1^4 4 4 3V4 Bell 4 7
«007 Chickadee. 5 (McCafferty) 105 1 2 n 4 V, 6 5 1 R 1 Banner B 15
D071 |Dld?rot. 6 (J. P. Atkln) |106i S 1 1 1 % 5 3 0 6 Kuns 4 6
Time — :25V6. :51*i, 1:13'4. 1:44. 1:47. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:164. Trahern. place, 7-2;
show (J-5. Axminster. place. 7-10; show. 1-3. Sailor. «how. 2-5. AVlnner. b. g. by
Rear' Guard-Rhetta B Trained by J. Qulnlan. Start bad. Won in a hard drive of
three. G. W. Trahern Is better than supposed. Axminster did his best. Sailor Knot
much the- best., -Was off porly or he would have won easily.' Chickadee ran a mild raco.
Diderot retired very early. t
SEEKS LIGHT
ON DIVIDENDS
Stockholder in the United States
Steel Corporation Begins
Some Interesting Litigation
TRENTON, N. J., Feb. 11.— Alfred F.
Stevens of Newark to-day instituted
suit in the Court of Chancery against
the United States Steel .Corporation to
have that corporation show cause why
it first increased and subsequently dis
continued payment of dividends on its
common stock.
Stevens in his petition claims that
the steel company since its incorpora
tion has had net earnings over and
above its fixed charges of about $65,000,
000. Of this amount $18,000,000 was
earned in 1901, $34,000,000 in 1902 and
$11,000,000 in 1903. He claims that under
Its charter the corporation is obliged to
pay quarterly dividends to the extent
of 4 per. cent per annum; that In Octo
ber, 1903, a dividend of only one-half
of 1 per cent, or at the rate of 2 pef
cent per annum, was declared, and that
in January. 1904, no dividend at all was
declared on the common stock. He at
tacks the validity of the recent by-laws
of the corporation, which authorize the
directors to set aside from the earnings
of the company from time to time such
amounts as they may determine.
Stevens contends that the by-law Is
in violation of his rights as a stock
holder; that he owned his stock before
this by-law was adopted, and that he
never consented to Its adoption. He al
leges that even under this by-law, no
money was set aside for working capital
until February. 1904, whereas it was
prior to this that the dividend of Octo
ber, 1903, was reduced and the one of
January, 1904, was passed.
Buchanan Will Xot Return to Panama
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— Minister
Buchanan had a talk 'with Secretary
Hay Wednesday respecting conditions
on the isthmus. He reported that mat
ters were in very. good shape when
he left, and that excellent progress
was being made in the framing of tho
constitution. Although he has not
yet virtually submitted his resigna
tion,, the department admits that Bu
chanan will not return to -Panama.
To Aceonipnny Jnpnnese Anny.
. WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— Mr. Gris
eom. the American Minister 'in .Tokio.
has - been directed to , request permis
sion of tho, Japanese Government for
t he following army officers to accom
pany the Japanese army: Colonel 13.
H. Crowder, general staff; Captain J.
F. Morrison. Twelfth Infantry; Captain
Frederick Marsh. Artillery Corps, and
Captain J. E.Kuhn. Engineer Corps.
Anti-Hearst Man Is Selected.
; DES MOINES, Iowa, Feb. 1 1. — An
anti-Hearst man. C. W^ "Cullison of
Harlan.- was selected as temporary
chairman of the 'Democratic State
convention, which will be held in Des
Mo'.nes May 4. The decision was
reached; to-day by the Democratic
State Committee.- Louis Murphy of
Dubuque was, the 'Hearst candidate.
Save the dollars and you won't have
any pennies to bother about. .
WATER RATE
IS DISCUSSED
Supervisors Meet as InYestigat
ing Committee to Examine
Affairs of Spring Valley
The Board of Supervisors met last
night as a committee of the. whole and
devoted two hours and a -half to the
Investigation into the affairs of the
Spring Valley Water Company, with
a view to fixing the water rate for the
coming year. In the absence of the
Mayor, Supervisor d'Ancona acted as
chairman.
The Spring Valley Company was rep
resented by its chief attorney, M. B.
Kellogg; Pelham Ames, secretary of
the company; George E. Booker, head
bookkeeper; M. Garoutte. assistant
bookkeeper, and Assistant Engineer
Williams. These men successfully
evaded all questions put to them that
had a tendency toward eliciting an
swers that would give to the board the
value of the water works.
Much of the time was taken up In an
attempt on the part of the investicat
ing committee to secure information
concerning the property owned, the
property not now in use and the oroD
erty mentioned in tho reports of the
water company not now beinc used in
the production of water for the city.
WILLIAMS- IS GUARDED. ; / ."
Assistant Engineer Williams did
most of the explaining, but whenever
a question . was put '. the answer to
which would give the committee any
light on the holdings and the value of
the same Tty the company, he was not
ready, or did not remember the data.
Attorney Kellogg was Asked to tes
tify as to the value of the company's
property, but said he could not do so
until he had consulted his superiors.
The Spring Valley Company still main
tains that the value of its plant Is $40,
000.0C0. while City Engineer Grunsky
says that it is worth but $24,000,000.
It is evident that the. investipatinj?
committee will be confronted with as
much trouble in ascertaining what is
necessary for it to know in order to
fix the water, rate for the coming year
as it has .experienced in previous in
vestigations. The Spring Valley Com
pany filed a report estimating the ope
rating exnenses for the fiscal year of
1904-05 at $560,000.
LIST OF QUESTIONS.
Engineer Grunsky was not satisfied
with the enumeration of the estimated
operating expenses for the comins: year
and dictated a number of questions,
to be nns wered by the company next
week," the oj)ject of the questions be
ing to obtain from the Spring Valley
Company a more detailed account of
expenses.
The Spring Valley reports did not
give the amount of land owned by the
company. All efforts to get the truth
In this matter were fruitless.
Attorney Kellogg was asked by Su
pervisor • Brandensteln if all of the
property of the, Spring Valley had been
enumerated in : the reports filed with
the committee. He refused to answer
the question one way. or another until
the next meeting. 1 , so that he mijjht
have a chance to consult h!-3 employers.
When the committee found that the
water company was not prepared to
give .the testimony that was most
necessary, the meeting was adjourned
until next Wednesday.
BOXING CLUBS
MAKE NEW LAWS
Kocently Formed Association
Assumes Jurisdiction Over
the Amateur Glove Artists
ALLOWS MEN EXPENSES
Managers Agree Not to Bid
More Than $35 for Any One
3Iatch Under Penalty of Fine
The managers of the various amateur
boxing clubs of this city and of Oak
land met at the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club last night a'nd perfected their in
dependent boxing organization, which
will hereafter govern the game here
and across the bay. When the new as
sociation was completed the representa
tives of the various clubs declared
themselves no longer under the control
of the Pacific Athletic Association.
The new combine will be known as
the California Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation, and to-day it will be duly In
corporated under the laws of the State
and city. Its membership consists of
the Bay City, Hayes Valley, Lincoln
and San Francisco clubs of this city
arid the Sequoia Club of Oakland.
The following officers were chbsen to
serve for one year: President, E. J.
Kaplan; vice president, Matthew Rlley:
secretary, E. J. Harrington; treasurer,
Eugene Pfaeffle; board of directors —
Morris Levy, E. J. Harrington. William
J. Winterbottom. Sol Levinson and
Matthew Riley. A committee composed
of Al Murphy, Sol Levinson and Morris
Levy was appointed to see that the
rules of the new association were car
ried out while the by-laws are being
prepared^ j
The association will apparently have
absolute control of the amateur boxing
game in this city, the Supervisors hav
ing recognized it as the governing au
thority.* Under the new regime no boxer
will under any circumstances be al
lowed a prize to exceed $35 for appear
ing In a ring contest. This amount will
include the trophy and his training ex
penses.
Each club will be compelled to post a
forfeit to guarantee that It will live up
to the by-laws of the association, and
any club falling to keep its faith will
be summarily dismissed from member
ship and not allowed into the fold
again under any circumstances.
A committee composed of E. J. Har
rington, Al Murphy and Sol Levinson
was appointed to frame the by-laws.
The members will meet next Monday
night, and this part of the programme
will then be arranged.
The West Oakland Club of Oakland
was not represented «.t the meeting,
but will probably send a delegate to the
next session, when It will be formally
admitted to membership.
The San Francisco Club sent E. J.
Harrington as a delegate, and this re
moves all doubt as to the attitude as
sumed by the sonthslde organization. It
was rumored that Alex Greggalns
would cast in his lot with the Pacific
Athletic Association, but this proved
untrue.
Tradition In Architecture.
Professor Hamlin, writing In the
Forum, has the following remarks on
tradition in architecture: "The Euro
pean designers have been so carried
away with the freedom of the 'new
art' that in architecture, where law
must reign at least in a measure, they
have allowed the freedom of the new
spirit in design to degenerate into li
cense and even anarchy. The reason
of this is clear. Tradition, which has
always, in architectural styles, minis
tered for a while to progress In re
finement, by concentrating all effort
upon the perfecting of the details of
the style, has just as uniformly in the
end led to sterility In design and then
to a final reaction. This is what is
taking place in France, Belgium. Ger
many and Austria, where the too
academic formality of the long ac
cepted classic revival has bred weari
ness and revolt."
Professors of Engineering.
One of the problems to which engi
neering schools ought to give imme
diate and serious consideration has,
says Cassier's Magazine, grown out of
the practice of obtaining professors.. by
"In-breeding." as it has been charac
terized, meaning by this the recruiting
of the young teachers, soon to be de
veloped into full-fledged professors
from among recent graduates, with
little more than their school experi
ence to their credit. This damages the
school. There have been occasional
lectures by prominent engineers, act
ively engaged in professional work,
and now and then men fresh from en
gineering fields have been secured as
the heads of engineering school de
partments. But these are only Iso
lated examples of what should be
general practice.
Pathos and Bathos.
Not all the sacrifice as between hu
man beings and animals lies with the
brutes. Charles I's Queen, driven by
Cromwell's cannonade from the house
In v/hich she had sought asylum
at Burlington Bay, remembered that
she had left a lapdog in th?
house and returned under a heavy fire
to recover It. Lord Methuen's grand
father took a crew of British tars with
him to rescue a 'dog from a burning
ship; and more recently, General von
Sehwarzoff lost his life in attempting
to save that of his hound In a burning
building at Peking. Byron thought
more of his pet goose than of all the
fair women who offered themselves un
conditionally to him. He -had bought
the bird to fatten up for his Michael
mas day dinner. In the interregnum
the poet and the bird, became so mu
tually attached that he could not kill
it.- Instead, he bought another, and
had the pet goose swung in a cage un
der his carriage when hs traveled. In
time the matronly bird reared three
more. — St. James (London) Gazette.
The trouble with the chronic kicker
is that he is too busy klckinR to take
the. trouble to lind out what he's kick
ing about. '
When one is jilted nowadays— there's
many a good fish in* the market.
.Mare Ial&nfl anfl Vallejo S^eamen.
Steamer GEX. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
0:45 a.m.. .'^:l^ and 8:3T» p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday.. «:« a. m.. S:SO p. m. Leave Vallejo
. a. rn.. 12:30 and * p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun :
if"/ ',.":. m * 4:15 p - m - F * re - 5° cents. Tel.
BROS. 2 * Mlsaloo -» t: dock - HATCH
SAYS INCREASE
IS VERY LARGE
Jennings Ftenres Ont Growth
. of the State on Basis of
Kcturns From County Clerks
COLONISTS ARE XUHEROUS
Promotion Committee Claims to
Be Active Factor in Bring
ing People in From Abroad
Ruf" us P. Jenningrs, executive officer
of the California Promotion Commit
tee, has made a report to th» commit
tee relative to the growth of Califor
nia's population, th© substance of
which is as follows:
Inquiries have been «ent to all county clerk*
of the State asking for «stlina.te» en lncr«a*»
in population sine* th,« census of 1900. Re
turns receired to date ahow mich lncrea»« to
be from 15 to 35 per cent, 'and postal receipt*
show a corresponding Increase. Tnes» return*
Indicate a great Increase ln.t&e population of
California durin* the last Uir«« years.
The population of California, in 190O waa X.
4S3.O53. ehowlnjr an Increase over that of 1S9O
of 270,923. Assuming on & conservative esti
mate, based on returns already received, taat
the population of the Stata has increased, 20
per cent since 1900, an increase- would b«
ehown of 237.000 for the three years, or 20.000
I more than the total Increase for the ten year*
previous. At this rate the population of Cali
fornia at the time of th® census of 1910 will
be approximately 2.5OO.00O. It is estimated
that San Francisco alone has Increased over
10O.C0O people since 1B00. A conservative entl
mate places the population to-day at 43O.f >>.
Thla Is exclusive of the bay cities fcmmediately
adjacent to San Francisco, the population of
which can be safely estimated at 13«».0<X>. mat
ins in all CW.0CO people about the Bay of Saa
Francisco.
CITY'S GREAT GROWTH.
The population of San Francisco proper la
1*00 was 20S.COO. In 1900 042.782. or an In
crease in the ten years of 43.7S3. or 4378 »aeh
year. Tie population in 1003. estimated at
4.V\00O. would show an increase over that of
l'JOO of T07.COO. about i>««.00O each year, or
nearly nine time* greater than the yearly aver
age for the ten years previous. Lo« An«el»*.
th* second largest city In th* State, had la
1.S90 a population of SO.3U5; In 1900. 102,4.9.
thawing an Increase of 52.CS4. or 62CS each
year. The population of Los Angeles In ldU.
an given by the Clerk of L^s Angeles County.
Is estimated at 150.000. an increase In th*
thres years of 47.521. being 15.S4O each year,
or three times greater than the yearly averag*
for the ten years previous.
From latest official returns it Is shown that
121.9C3 persons took advantage of th<» colonist
rates to California durlnjc the periods that
colonists' rates were In force, namely. March
and Ariil and SpjUember and October, \9*Vi:
February 15 to June 15. 1903, and September
15 to November 15. 19«tt. a total of 31» days.
In detail th«> returns show: During spring
months «f 1902. 12.OV;; during fall month* of
1302. total In 1902. 3r.,f«23; during
spring months of 100K. 4*.1."6: during fa:l
months of iwa. 40.S41: total in 190n. Si.OSO.
PI^XX BIG DINNER.
Th*?* fljTures are from the Southern Paclfis
Company only and do not include the travel
by other routes, nor the travel on other tickets,
which was also unusually heavy, especially
during Um last year, railroads announ?e %
resumption of coloni»t.V rnt^s i-n the sam* basts
as before, to take effect March 1 next and con
tinue for sixty rtay«. A review of these figures
is rtsniflcant as fhowinx a much larger per
centage it inrr»ase in population during th«
three years Just passed than that cf the ten
years vrev'ous. Particular attention Is called
to the larser number of colonists comins to
California In 1W, than In 1002. all of which
points to th<* fact that the systematic ar..*. well
dlreetea work of the committee is producing
results.
The California Promotion Commute*
has made plans to have a dinner at th-»
St. Francis Hotel in the latter part of
March, this to be th» first function held
in the new hotel. This was announced
at a meeting of the committee yester
day. Circulars have been sent nut to
associate members, so it was reported.
in which each member is asked to
bring in two more members. The com
mittee is arranprinpr with European
newspapers to publish articles on Cali
fornia, the object being to attract at
tention to this State.
NETV TORK. Feb. 11. — F!ve thousand labor
ers and coa! miners have yone on strlks. *ay» a
Valparaiso iChile) dispatch to the Herald. So
far no iMsorder has be«n reported.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers Jeava San FVaa-
ci9<*o a? follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrasse!.
Jur.eau. Haines, Skasuay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a, m.. Feb.
15. 20. 25. Mar. 1. Cbaa«» to
company'a steamers at Seat-
tle.
Kor Victoria, Vaneotrrer.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
c«na. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Feb. 15, VK
23. Mar. 1. Change at Seattl» to this com-
pany's «tftam»rs for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:3*
p. m., Feb. 16. 22. 2S. Mar. 5. Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Feb. 13, 19, 23. Mar. 2.
Fcr 1m3 Angela <via Port Lo» Any-les and
Itcdondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a, m.
For I^oa Anpeles <v1a San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa CruJS. Mon-
terey. San* Simeon. Cayucos. Pert Harford (Saa
Luis OblspoJ. Ventura and Huenem«.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 13. 21. 29. Mar. 8.
Ponlta. » a. m.. Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jemt <J*I
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, l-a Paz. Santa Ro-
*alla. Uuaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. rn.. "th eaetl
menth. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrriCKS — ♦ New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market «t. and Broad-
way whangs. Freight office. 10 Market it.
C D. Dr.'N'ASX, General Pa»»e"i**r Agent.
lf> Market St.. San Francisco.
The Paclnc Transfer Co.. 20 Slitter St.. wUl
call for and che^ic baggage from hotel* and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312,
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 8. 19. Z%.
April 7 and 17. 9. S.' Oregon Is temporarily ra
service Instead of the Columbia, G«or^» W
Elder »alis Feb. 12. 22.. Mar. 3.-13. 23. April 3
and 12. Only steamship) line to PORTLAND.
OR., and snort rail Une from. Portland to a!l
rolnts East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamshiD and rail, at LOWEST
HATES. Steamer tickets tnchid« berth and
meal*. Steamer rails footof.Sp^ar st. at 11 a. •
m. S.' K. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Mor.tsom«»ry st. ;•<.*.■ CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery at, v * ;*
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STKAMSHTP C0.V -»
Steamers will l«av« wharf, corner First as«
Branran street*, at 1 p. m.-'for YOJCQH\M\
an.l Honskons. calling at Kot* (Klofo*. Naga-
saki an.l Shan-hai. and connecting, at Hong-
kong with steanvrs for India, etc. No cargo
received on board tho day oi sailing
Via Honolulu. Hound-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office 421 Market street. . corner First.
W. H. AVERT. GeaermJ Ag»nt.
GceaQlcS.sxo. ssassa
S. S. VENTCKA. f^r Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land ami Sydney. Friday. K*b. 12. s d m
as. ALAMnOA. for Honolulu. Fsb. 20 il a m
S. J>. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Men. is. 'll a.m!
N^tK8M.iMhrbltL.B i fa c .7.f a t3 eI t
10STPAGNI3 GR1ISAL-J TiAlJ irAjflJJi '
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS Jm*..
tailing every Thursday instead of vC'CTc
Saturday, at lo a. m.. from i'ier 4" 3 *K?2'
North Itiver, fcot of Murton «t.
First clas* i« Havre. «;<► ar.i upward. \ Sec-
FYS^^P^SSl FOR UNITED STATES A.\D
v-»V V f 3 Droadway (Hudson BuiUing>.
y T x\i- F ' "?OAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Co.vn
tISIvI' . .Vl 0 '' 8 ?" 1 " 7 avn'.ie, Saa Franci«»
Tlcneu »old by all Railroad Ticket A«eat».• . '.\fr. ,. ; ...r '. ADVEBTISEMENTS. - .' W'M&l -v W- ■ ■
t)on 5 t Wait Until Your Sufferings Have Driven You to Despair, With Your Nerves All |||i^
l^^B^Sr2ii" ; ''' When a cheerful, brave, light-hearted woman is suddenly plunged into that perfection of misery, the BLUES, it is a sad picture. It is W$&* Jf^^^^^aJ. V| % *%?|8J fllf
IS^I^Wvii-: 1 - She has been feeling" oiit of sorts "for some time; head has ached, and back also: has slept poorly, been quite nervous, and nearly WA sf$\ ._ ffi^Vv %r *<V?!l2.- ,-a jaS^afiixfe WH
\^^f vKvwii'i fainted once or twice; head dizzy, and heart beats very fast; then that bearing-down feehng. Her doctor says: "Cheer up; you have ||*% / n ) X^J^^|M\vn - \ i^^^^^S^
fi»J&Sili$ Lydia E; Pinkham's Vegetable Compound instantly asserts its curative powers in all those peculiar ailments of women, and the || .* >?1^}» t2P*' # X^^^Sft~~ w?
EpJlpifeiSfe! story recited above is theMrue experience of hundreds of American women, whose letters of gratitude we are constantly publishing. gjj JL^^M^ &V -^r 'iLJ^^S&S iH
1 Surely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. If you have some Pf-i ' JSgflS! B36|t </^^^^^^ff l|f
iliyiSlllL&Fi' derangement of the female organism try the remedy that has restored a million women to health $lli§illll§k !|§i
Ji^lipSii 1 '!'-* "I cheerfully recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- "I want to tell you what your remedies have done for me. Before §P||} tJ PH^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^i^^S
re2£^Vi£&i&'' ! :''! pound to mv suffering sisters as a perfect medicine f»r all female de- taking- them I used to have a continuous headache, would be very dizzy, /^L ■ KM I >Bfl!3JaS'WEJI(5gSlESffi
rangements. *I 'was troubled with displacement of the womb and other would have spells when everything seemed strange, and I would not know wB9HBBHE£|ffl§ MSSSS^S^M^3^^i :^:&&^**- gSSJB™JraP'Sfiriir
JliffiraiL!:;;*. hardly 6 w^alk a^ross'th^floorfand^was very nervous. " I went to our local doctor. He pave me some medicine, but it did not ATr , mr . T . SPlll
wiiHmi 1 ) " A friend advised me to try your medicine, which I did, and after using- seem to do me any pood, but after taking Lydia h>. Finknam S V ege- * l&iuiu mtjVlL>Alj JLU VJOJ5 IU \V OUJlti-N. wfir'?\
H&& fPilsiis'-'! t^ first bottle I began to improve. I took in all twelve bottles of Vege- table Compound, I began to improve at once. , If there is anything in your case about which you wonld like EVBW
/SsSfl !§lifi§£ii''\' table Compound, one box of Liver Pills, also used the Sanative Wash and " I can honestly recommend your remedies to all suffering women, ana gpec i a i advice, write freely to IHrs. Pinliham. She will hold your Blf&ll
lifhil Bfi'ir.^fflf.'l! ""'as cured, and have no return of my troubles. I am as well now as I ever advise all to give it a trial. —Mrs. Henby Sell, van Wyck, Wash. letter in strict confidence. She can surely help you, for no person gsijoS
ftffiif isiliiitli'!*' was - I &m more thankful every day for my cure. . _ p— r^p'r'ciT ,-f « f . n r. n » f^tw.i, n.^ n . n n,. nndmi vtt nn . and i in America can speak from a wider experience in treating- 'female iPSfsjJ
tJflBJBii::: . " I know that your medicine will do everything that it is recommended OCflflfs fgSfrS oT&™ SX^ ills. She has helped hundreds of thousands of women back to .
tra$^^MF'^ J £^i ii' **°. * or BU^ erui £ women."-— Mes. Doua Axdekson, fcortb. Muskegou, ($UUUU mneness. Lydia e. rintham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass. health. Her address is Lynn, Mass., and hefr advice is free. Yon &l$if!
DEATH CLAIMS
YOUNG HEIRESS
Mrs. Gopchcviicli, the Wife of
Reputed Servian Nobleman,
Expires After Long Illness
The romantic courtship and marriage
of Miss Harry A. L. Floyd and M. B.
Gopchevitch, a gripman and a scion of
a. reputed noble Servian family, has
tnded in the death of the bride of a
few months, who passed away at dawn
yesterday.
It was the la Ft chapter of a romance
that was both pretty and sensational.
L*eath called the young bride and heir
ess ere she had an opportunity to en
juy her vast wealth or take her hus
b~nd to the Old World, where his title
and rank might ;>erehance have been
given due recognition.
.Mis. Gopthevitch had been in poor
health for some time, in fact ever since
ihe day uf her marriage' last October.
A fexv weeks ago she became very ill
and all hope of saving her life was
abandoned. She rallied, however, and
uetxneA to be on the road. to recovery,
but a relapse set in a few days since
&r.d death claimed the young bride.
The beautiful mansion on Sacramento
street where the couple lived is shroud
ed in gloom. • The husband makes
known to the world that he is pros
trated and unable to receive the words
of sympathy which friends offered to
extend yesterday.
ROMANTIC COURTSHIP.
The deceased bride had no near rel
atives and consequently her widower
has an excellent chance of becoming
the sole possessor of her princely es
tate or of a large part of it. Whether
cr not Mrs. Gopchevitch left a will
remains to be seen. It is believed that
rhe made ample provision for her hus
band, to whom she was devoted.
The lovemaking of Gopchevitch was
lomantic. He was a gripman on the
Sacramento street cable line. One day
■while ridi.Tg downtown M^ss Floyd
looked into the eyes of the man who
v.as running the car on which she was
seated. Her glance was returned and
each was conscious of the other's love.
They beheld each other on many uc
casions thereafter, their acquaintance
soon ripened into love, and on October
6 last the pair hied themselves to Miss
Floyd's beautiful country home near
Lakeport and there were made husband
and wife bv Judge Sayre of the Su
perior Court of Lake County.
No one knew of the romantic mar
riage, not even the closest friends of
the bride. They returned to this city
a few days later and informed their
friends whal had happened. Just how
the acquaintances of the lady received
the news was never made public, but
the was always a strong-minded per
son and mistress of her own affairs.
ESTATE LEFT i.V TRUST.
Kver sine* the marriage the couple
had resided quietly in this city. The
health of the bride had been delicate
and she was not granted the oppor
tunity of enjoying her vast wealth. The
pair were hnppy together.
Mi?s Floyd was the daughter of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT REASONABLE PRICES.
I've one of the choicest assort-
ments ever brought to thl *
ranging in price from 5c to $o.OO
each.
Don't fail to call and sec them.
Take note of m^ display window.
Out-of-Town Order? Promptly
Filled. *7;~~
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS.
The Stationer/--"
1008 MARKET STREET.
Above Powell, t
SAN FRANCISCO. gf
TWO MEN* ATTEMPT TO
HOLD UP A HOSTLER
His Cries for Help Are Answered by
Two Policemen Who Chase and
.Capture One. •
Charles Mernette, a hostler living
at 605 Golden Gate av'enue, was ap
proached by two men at Bush street
and Grant avenue shortly before 2
o'clock yesterday morning. One of
them grabbed hold of him and the
other began to go through his pockets.
Mernette called for help and the
two men ran down Bush street toward
Kearny. Policemen Ring and Brady
heard Mernettc-'s cries and saw the
two men running. The officers start
ed in pursuit and when the two fugi
tives reached Kearny street they sep
arated.
One of them was overtaken at
Montgomery and Sacramento streets.
He gave the name of Frank Kane and
said he lived at 1 Fifth street. He
was taken to the City Prison and
locked ui> in "the tanks." Later he
was charged with an attempt to com
mit grand larceny. The officers went
to hi? room, but found nothing of an
incriminating nature. Tney are now
searching for Kane's companion.
Kane v.as identified by Mernette.
Fourteen Geologists Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announce that on March 9 an
examination will be held at San Fran
cisco for the position of geologic aid
and assistant geologist in the Geologi
cal Survey, at salaries ranging from
$1000 to $2000 per annum. Age limit, 20
years or over. The department esti
mates that fourteen appointments will
be made at an early date as a result of
this examination to the grades of as
sistant geologist and geologic aidi In
certain cases, where only a portion of
the time of the appointee can be given
to the work of the department, the
compensation will be upon a per diem
basis for the service rendered. Persons
who desire to compete should apply to
the United States Civil Service Com
mission. Washington, D. C. or to the
secretary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street, San Francisco, for application
form No. 1312, which should be prop
erly executed and filed with the com
mission at Washington.
Hebbard Forces Lucich's Hand.
When the order directing the Chief
of Police to show cause why an injunc
tion should not be issued restraining
him from raiding the premises of 1129
Dupont street, came up for hearing be
fore Judge Hebbard yesterday, Vin
centa Lucich, the plaintiff, who keeps
a restaurant at the entrance to the
place, asked. for a month's delay in
order that he might have time to an
swer affidavits served on him by the
defendants. Judge Hebbard refused
to grant more than one day's grace, in
forming Lucich that if a month were
granted him, the temporary restrain
ing order heretofore issued would be
dissolved, and peremptorily set the
cause for hearing this morning.
Leaves Estate, to Her Sons.
The will of Susan T/>rrey Wood,
which disposes of an estate worth more
than $10,000, was filed for probate yes
terday. Her two sons, William F. and
Samuel A. Wood, are the sole legatees.
They are also named as executors to
the will to serve without bonds.
late Captain Richard S. Floyd, a re
tired naval officer. She came of an
old Southern family and her parents
always had a dread of fortune hunters.
When the father died some years ago
he left his entire fortune to his daugh
ter, to be held in trust by her mother.
The latter died soon after and in her
will she specified that her daughter
was to be sole heir to the wealth
of the family, but imposed cer
tain conditions and snjpclfied that the
money and property were to be held
In trust for her daughter.
Smith Loses Case,
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that Sydney Smith, as president
of the Pacific Vinegar • and Pickle
Works, had no right to make con
tracts with himself, involvrng the cor
poration of which lie isahe head. The
difficulty grew out of Smith's attempt
to readjust the affairs of his concern
and those of the California Packing
Company, with which it was affiliated,
after the disappearance of Cashier
King, son of James King of William.
The Shriners' Big Class.
On last Wednesday night Islam Tem
ple of the Mystic Shriners held a cere
monial session in the Mechanics' Pavil
ion* on which occasion sixty-two elijd
bles were instructed in the mysteries
Of the order. This was followed by a
banquet partaken of by several hun
dred ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1904.
STABS VICTIM
THROUGH HEART
Unknown Murderer Kills Fran
cisco Villa in the Mexican
Quarter of Los Angeles City
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11.— The body
of Francisco Villa, a railroad laborer,
was found lying on the sidewalk in
Utah street, in the Mexican quarter,
early this morning with a knife wound
in the back just above the heart. The
body evidently had been there several
hours. There \vere no signs of a strug
gle, and Villa apparently had been
stabbed in the back as he was passing
along the street. . ,
It was learned that Villa had attend
ed a dance in the settlement last night,
and while there had become engaged in
a quarrel with one of the Mexicans, but
this nuarrel had been patched up dur
ing the night and the men left -the
house together, accompanied by an
other Mexican, all apparently on friend
ly terms.
NEW BRIGADIER GENERALS
TO ARRIVE HERE TO-DAY
Two Officers Who Have Recently Been
Promoted Are Passengers on
Transport Logan.
The transport Logan is due early this
morning with the Twenty-seventh In
fantry on board. She also brings Briga
dier General T. J. Wint and Brigadier
General Jesse M. Lee. General Wint
fwill take command of the Department
of Missouri and General Lee of the De
partment of Texas.
All the troops were out in full force
at the Presidio yesterday morning, and
every company went through some ma
neuvers. The heavy rain prevented
drilling in the afternoon, but at retreat,
at 5 o'clock, the three bands stationed
at the post played "The Star-Spangled
Banner" with unusual force and vigor.
General MacArthur spent yesterday
inspecting the recruits at Angel Island.
He was accompanied by his aid, Major
P. W. West.
ASKS LIVERXASH TO
INTRODUCE THE RILL
Hoard of Supervisors Requests Con-
grcKsnian to Take Action on Pro
posed Municipal Water Supply.
The following telegram was sent
last night relative to the alleged re
fusal of Congressman Gillette to in
troduce the bill granting this city the
right to use' the waters of Lake Elea
nor and Hetch Hetchy Valley us a
municipal supply:
"San Francisco, Feb. 11, 1904. Hon.
E. J. Livernash, House of Represent
atives, Washington, D. C: To-day's
press reports state that Representative
Gillette declines to introduce the
Tuolumne water bill, known as Senate
bill 4134, introduced by Senator Per
kins. If report be correct you are
requested to introduce same in the
House. CHARLES ■ W. FAY.
"Clerk. Board of Supervisors."
FILES ATTACHMENT ON
A BANKING CONCERN
Plaintiff Releases Writ After Sufficient
Money Is Discovered to Cover
Former Garnishment.
A writ of attachment in the sum of
$13,975 95 wag served by the Sheriff's
deputies yesterday at" the 1 instance of
C. F. Summers on the California Sav
ings ,and Loan Society. The attach
ment was supplementary ; to a former
garnishment on funds in the Bank of
California belonging to the savings
society on a judgment recovered by
Summers on February 23. 1899.
The attachment was directed on a
safe in a room at the Mills building.
The safe contained but $800 and the
attachment was released after it was
ascertained that there was some $26,
000 to the credit of the concern in the
Bank of California, or sufficient to
cover the garnishment.
January's Immigrants.
Richard. Eccleston, statistician for
the United States Immigrant Bureau,
reports the following arrivals for the
month of January: Total immigrants
685 and 90 tourists. Of these immi
grants, 216 were English, 186 Japanese,
*1 04 Chinese, 37 Germans, 23 Scandina
vians, 15 Mexicans. 13 Greeks, 12 Span
ish Americans, 10 Scotch. The occupa
tions~were: Merchants 122,
88," laborers 34, servants 24, farmers 21,
farm laborers 18, engineers 12, clerks
11, carpenters 11, clergy 8, teachers . 8,
miners 6, tailors 6, butchers 3, black
smiths 2, lawyers 2; no occupation,,in
cluding women and children, 239. ,
NEEDHAM TALKS
FOR CALIFORNIA
Congressman Urges That Thi3
State Be Selected as* Location
for the Maneuver Grounds
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.—Represen
tative Needham appeared before the
House Committee on Military Affairs
this morning and made a telling ad
dress, not in behalf of any one of the
sites for a camp and maneuver grounds
claiming preference in California, but
for the State as a location against any
other State on the coast. His speech
was a business and common sense ar
gument against theory and sentiment.
He set forth that the California Na
tional - Guard numbered 3400 and the
regulars now stationed in the State
7300, or nearly 11,000 *Tnen to be moved
long distances by rail or ' steamer
should the camp be located in some
other State. Washington, which is the
only competitor on the coast for the
camp ground, has but 800 militiamen
and only 2200 regulars are stationed
there. The number of both militia and
regulars In Oregon, Idaho and Arizona
which would be mobilized at the camp
is very email. The cost of transporta
tion and the time spent en route by a
larger body of men seemed to Needham
a factor of such importance as to al
most necessarily determine the location
in California. As between the several
sites under consideration, he declared
he had no word to say, but thought
that this, and, indeed, the whole mat
ter, could be safely left to the War De
partment.
Representatives Cushman and Jones
of Washington will be heard next
Tuesday in behalf of the claims of that
State.
Several bills introduced a few days
ago by Senator Perkins, making appro
priations for the improvement of the
lighthouse service along the Pacific
Coast and by Senator Foster in the in
terest of the same in Puget Sound and
en the Washington coast were reported
favorably from the committee to-day.
HOPKINS CLAIMS WIFE'S
FOLKS CAUSED TROUBLE
Denies Charges Made in Her Divorce
Complaint — Pattern-Maker Clive
Afraid of His Spouse. '
John L. Hopkins answered his wife's
suit for divorce yesterday, by filing a
general denial of her charges of
crueltyT He says he never attacked
her with a razor or threatened to kill
her or broke any of her possessions.
The trouble, he says, was caused by
his wife's mother and sister, with
whom they went to* live shortly after
their marriage.
Leonard Clive, a pattern-maker, who
is the defendant in ja suit for divorce
brought by S. I. Clive, in his an
swer to the suit denies that he ever
deserted her. He says he was forced
to leave her because she threatened to
kill him by turning on the gas and
shooting him. Clive says he was in
such/ fear of his wife's taking a shot
at him that, he took the firing pin' out
of a small gun he had at his home.
Divorce 'decrees were granted to J.
L. Hildebrand from Agnes Hlldebrand
for cruelty, Minnie Parks from John
Parks for desertion, Nora E. White
from George W. White for cruelty and
Annie Jackson from John Jackson for
neglect and desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by L.
B. Kingraan against Eva L. Kinjyman
for infidelity, Archie K. Heustis against
Alice R. Heustis for desertion and Ag
nes Fairfax against Hal B. Fairfax for
cruelty.
Carringtons in Court Again.
Alice L. Carrlngton and Bertine Car
rington, from whom she was recently
divorced on the ground of neglect, were
in Judge. Hunt's court yesterday en
deavoring to secure the custody of their
two children. As the father has the
boy and the mother the girl. Judge
Hunt refused to make any order in the
matter, but gave them to undsrstand
that neither was to make any effort
to prevent the other from seal n<? the
children^
Two Attempts at Suicide.
Two attempts at suicide . were re
ported at the Central Emergency Hos
pital last eveninff. Mrs. William Fin
tel, 50 years Of age, and residing at
175 Corbett avenue, drank carbolic
acid ' while suffering from temporary
insanity, and :, Joseph O'Connor, 20
years of age and living at 4058 Twen
ty-fifth street, slashed his throat. with
a.penknife. Both will,, recover. ,
OPEN VERDICT
IN MOAK CASE
Inquest Fails to Throw Any
Light on 3Iysterious Murder
of Young Woman Near Chico
CHICO, Feb. 11.— The Coroner held
an inquest to-day in the case of Eva
Moak. the young woman who was shot
on her mother's ranch near here Tues
day and «who died on Wednesday. A
verdict of murder by some unknown
party was returned by the Jury.
James Moak, brother of the deceased,
testified that on Wednesday night he
received a communication that caused
him to suspect a certain person. The
name of the suspect was not divulged,
but was given to the District Attorney.
The theory that the young woman
knew her assailant and shielded him is
not credited in the face of the testi
mony of the family. Each member of
the family declares that the dead girl
did not know her assailant and repeat
edly so stated. Mrs. Moak testified
concerning her daughter's flight from
the barn to the residence, bleeding
from three wounds. She also told of
the measures taken for the girl's relief.
None of the family noticed any one
about the barn or ranch.
The peddler who claims to have seen
the body of a man in Butte Creek to
day said the body was covered with
slime and appeared as if It had been in
the water for several weeks. The body
was not found, though the creek was
searched for a mile.
The officers are workjng on a theory,
but decline to talk for publication.
COMMERCIAL BANKS ARE '
UXUSUAIjLY PROSPEROUS
State Commission Issues Interesting
Report on Condition of Leading
Financial Institutions.
The State Board of Bank Commis
sioners issued a report yesterday on
the financial condition of the twenty
five commercial banks of San Fran
cisco. These institutions are all said
to be enjoying; unusual prosperity. The
statement of thoir combined re
sources and liabilities, based on the
returns. of January 23, is as follows:
Itceources — Bank premises.- $2,609,604 OS :
other real estate. $2,331,016 02; stocks and
bomis, $11,51)7.720 08; loans on real estate.
$4,450,i;0.'{ 04: loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants, $23,149,096 311 loans on other securities,
$«.7:50.277 7I>; loans on personal security, $2R.-
S57.132 4::; money on hand. $ll.-(:;i.2C<i ;W; due
from banks nni1 bankers. $25,321,461 tfS: other
assets. f!MU,i>33 00; total resources _$117,i7«,
002 2u.
Inabilities— Capital paid up. $15,827,607 16:
reserve fund and profit nnd loss. $22.eO9.««2) :t2:
duA depositors, $05,122,074 CS; due to bank* and
bankers, ?12.445.:543 15: State, county or city
monoy. $1,114 87: Other liabilities. $1,460.
3S1 07: total liabilities, ?117.476.C92 25.
VICTIM OF DRUG HABIT
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY
Hnrry Sharp. Dies After Receiving a
Hypodermic Injection of
Morphine.
Harry" Sharp, a drug clerk, died
suddenly at 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing,in his rooms, 104 Turk street. He
had been subject to epileptic fits and
was taken, w4th one shortly before he
died. As was usual in such emergen
cies, his wife gave him a hypodermic
injection of morphine and left him
lying on the lounge while she returned
to bed.
Deputy Coroner Brown found in
the dead man's | vest pocket a half
ounce vial with a few drops of lauda
num remaining. Sharp had been out
of work for about a year and was be
ing looked after by the Knights of
Pythias, of j which order he was a
member. He had been addicted to the
use of morphine and had been grad
ually breaking himself of the habit.
He was 45 years old and a native of
Georgia. The Coroner will hold an
inquest.
Flower ' Venders Mnst Move.
The Board of Public Work3 yester
day directed Officer Beach to stop
flower venders from obstructing the
public streets. : Beach was given spe
cial instructions to order the venders
away from the corner of Market and
Kearny streets, where they have plied
their vocation unceasingly for many
years. Should' they persist in ob
structing the public streets at the
point namedc*"* anywhere else, Beach
has orders to place them uryier ar
rest. Action -was taken as. the result
of a formal protest filed by the Retail
Florists* Association.
SELMA, Feb. .11.— M. Tlda. a Japanese, was
killed with an ax bv a Jauanese gambler to
day. He will die
SHIELD PRESENTED
1 TO J. GEORGE BOYN'E
Compliment Paid to tlie New Fire
Commlsioner by Eloquent and
Admiring Friend?.
The newly appointed Fire Commis
sioner, J. George Boyne, was presented
with a handsome gold shield Wednes
day evening by his friends. The pre
sentation speech was made by A. Ruef,
and Mr. Bojjhe responded. Addresses
were made by Mayor Schmitz, John W.
Rogers, Thomas P. Woodward, John
Parry, Herbert 'Schmitz, Dr. Poheim
and others.
The company attending consisted of
Frank Maestreti. J. J. Barrett, John S.
Parry, Thomas Boyle, L. Walsh, John
A. Drinkhouse. Thomas P. Woodward,
Louis Levy. Herbert Schmitz, George
B. Keane, John Rodgers, Dr. .Pohelm,
A. Roncovierl, Dr. Stephen, Israel Elias,
Dr. T. H. Morris, Frank Schmitz. I.
Elias, E. S. Strauss, Dr. Walter Jack
son, John H. Nelson, Daniel Sullivan,
M. F. Fitzpatrick. Peter Fanning. Au
gustus Johnson, Rolla Hooe, Emmett
Barrett, J. L. Nelson, R. Grasso, Jere
Dinan, Mel Vogel, John J. Sweeny,
Walter Tufts and A. C. Adams.
3IARY A. BOLGER WINS
CONTEST OF FATHER'S WILL
Jury Decides In Her Favor in Battle
Over Estate Valued at
$30,000.
The., contest of the will of Luca
Descaiso was decided last evening in
favor of Mary A. Bolger, daughter of
the deceased, who will receive one
third of the estate, or $10,000.
In his 'will Descaiso divided his es
tate between his two sons, cutting off
Mary Bolger, his daughter. She im
mediately tiled a contest on the
ground that at the time the document
was made her father was not of
sound mind and that further his mind
had been poisoned against her by her
brothers.
The province of the Jury was to
answer two questions. The first was
as to whether Descaiso was incompe
tent. The decision was nine to three
in favor of incompetency. The sec
ond was as to whether undue influ
ence had been brought to bear. On
this question the jury disagreed. It
was out half an hour.
Golden Gate's Anniversary*
The seventeenth anniversary ball
given by Golden Gate Council No. 3fT
Y. M. I., in Native Sons' Hall last Wed
nesday night was a delightful fraternal
social event that was enjoyed by more
than 500 persons. The decorations
were unusually attractive and were
the subject of much favorable com
ment. The programme was made up
of ten numbers, with two extras. The
following committees had the function
in charge:
Arrangements — John Denehy (chairman),
Charles F. Healey (secretary), A. J. Sullivan,
J. Regan, T. J. Moronej-, D. E. IlayUen; Wll-
Ham J. Riley, D. P. Casey, John A. Dun
leavy. Li. F. Guedet, E. L. Harrington, D.
Cronin, P. Fratessa and John T. Keegan.
Floor — Louie F. Guedet. D. P. Casey. Wil
liam L>. Sullivan. James Ward, Maurice Whe
lan. Henry Healey, William O'Brien. Charles
D. Lowe ami Thomas A. Doujrhertv.
Reception — John M. Ferris. Frank J. Dough
«•♦'• J. F. Tracy, 6. J. Boylan. A. F. Bart
man, C. J. Regan and George A. Monahan.
Volunteers Elect Officers.
At the monthly meeting of the
Volunteer Firemen's Association of
San Francisco the following named
were elected officers for the current
term: Stephen Bunner. president;
AVilliam C Miller, G. Aiken and H.
Ryder, vice presidents; J. J. McMahon,
recording and John Williams, financial
secretary; J- M. Thomas, George W.
Bayreuther, H. Ryder, Thomas Lord
and Mark A. Devine, \ directors;
Thomas Sawyer, P. Curran and A.
Jessup, trustees, and W. Kane, ser
geant-at-arms. The association unani
mously decided to attend the world's
fair at St. Louis in a body, and Colonel
A. A. Andrews was appointed a com
mittee to make arrangements for
transportation.
Children Will Slake Merry.
The management of the Little
Mothers' School has arranged to give
a St Valentine's party to-morrow
evening, to which all the friends of
the school are invited and requested
to contribute ■ candy or valentines.
Each little girl will expect a valentine
and maybe a box of candy in the post
office that Is being temporarily erect
ed in the school. There will be tho
usual Saturday games and music, but
this will be an unusually large gath
ering.
To Give Gymnasium Exhibition.
A grand gymnasium exhibition and
other forms of amusement, including
a comedy,, ( will be given to-night at 8
o'clock at the ' Young Men's Christian
Association, Ellis and Mason streets,
for the benefit of the Mission-street
branch of the association.
DEFENSE RESTS
IN POSTAL CASE
«
Machen Concludes His Testi
mony After Occupying Wit
ness-Stand for Three Days
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— After occu
pying the stand for three full days
August W. Machen In the postal trial
to-day concluded his testimony, ind
the defense announced that it rt-sted its
case. When the trial was resumed to
day Machen was cross-examined re
garding the introduction of rural free
delivery boxes-, which brought forth the
answer that their were a necessity, and
he explained that previous to their be
ing installed cigar boxes, bird cages
and even boots had been used as recep
tacles for mail.
Machen recited the circumstances
surrounding the Interview with him in
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow's office, and said at that time
he regarded Bristow as his personal en
emy. He was under great strain and
tension, he said, and this, together with
the knowledge that Bristow was un
friendly to him, caused\hlm studiously
to avoid answering any questions
touching his personal affairs.
Contractor Sues Association.
A suit for $50,000 damages for libel
was filed against the Builders' Associa
tion yesterday by Marcus Sheftel. a
contractor, who claims that he has
been damaged to that extent by state
ments made and circulated by the de
fendant. He alleges that the associa
tion also hurt his business reputation
by unfavorable comments in circulars
on buildings erected by him at the
Corner of Bush and Webster streets
and by notifying building material
dealers that th? association would not
do business with any firm furnishing
material to Sheftel.
CINCINNATI. Ohio. Feb. 11.— At to-day's
session of the Methodist Boole Committee Rev.
Pr. P. Dennett was elected a member of the
puMishinff committee of the San Francisco de
pository, to succeed the late Rev. Dr. J. W.
Beard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brandl m
|l Evaporated M
if Oream m
Wm always bears the above cap
III label. It means the same Hi
III as telling you that we m
|||l back up its purity with a fig I
§|| $5,000 guarantee. fiff
III Made by the largest pro~S |
Jill ducers of Evaporated Baft
jg|p& . Cream in the vorld.
Schools and 'Colleges.
LEADIXG BUSINESS COLLEGE Of THB
WEST. 24 Post it.. San Francisco. Cst
Established 40 years. Open entlr* ynuv
Writs tor illustrated catalogs* (tnt).
1112
"SABBATH MORN," A BEAUTIFUL COLOI^RAPH, TREE
JOHir ». SPBSCXEZ.S. Proprietor.
IflJnJTccMiaiaiiCiis ¥]QMJ^GHT L M3j3gr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELKrilONE.
Ark fer THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cert You With the Department You Wish.
Publication OMe* Market and Third. 8. F.
naitcrlal Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st
P*I!v<re3 by Carrier.*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct» Per Month. Single Cofi** 3 Cent*.
Terms ty Mail. Including Postage tCash With
DAILT CALL <inc!ud r . "undsy). 1 r*ar..*S.<K>
PAILY CAJ>L (Includ. Sunday). 0 rnos... 4.00
I>AILr CALL— By S:n;r!e Month 'OC
fPXPAT CALL. 1 Year 2.W>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year lou
KORKIRV f Dally.. JS.SO Per Year Extra
Cample Cccies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall *ub«cr!ber» In ordering charig?. °' ■*:
«r*M should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS !n order to |n«^e a
prompt and ccrrect ccmpllaac* with tbetr re-
<ue«t_
OAKLAND OFFICE.
II1S Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. _
*148 Center Street TelenTion* North «.
WAEHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
BAMUEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Attoria Hotel: A. Bretano. SI
UcJcn Eousre: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aT»-
cu« Hotel end HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Pherrean House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hote!; Palmer Ucuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROG.\nSS..Marquette Building
«~Leng D!ftacc« Tfierhoae, "Central 261»- >
KF.VT TORK RKPRESENTATI\'E:
ETEP11EN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Uulldlng
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUEHCES8 OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third «treet»: open
until 12 o'clock ever>- nlR»:t in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES :
I0OK Msrket «re«u eppoeite Fifth: ■pen until
1 1 p. m.
C27 Mcnotcomery etreet. comer Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. ra.
S>X> Have* street: npen until 9:30 p. ra.
fW XlrAlltatrr street; oren until 9:30 p. ra.
rii Larkm rtwt: cpen until 5»:3O p. m.
1M1 Ki»Fion rtrpet; open until 10 p. m.
£2fl Market street, corner £ixtw.-ntn; open un-
til » r. m. •
JOB E>v»r.th ytr»et: op^n until 9 p. tn.
IO36 Ya:.-ncia street; or>er. until » p. m.
Ncrthcast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. rn.
Korthwect corr.er cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky str»»"!f; open until 9 p. m.
S2O'> r«rrr.. re «tr*»«»t : nr»n nntll O r. tn.
MKETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA OnmmanfiMy No. 1. K. _ ♦_
T— R<«ular a*«fmlily THIS FVEN- HJ
ING at ♦; o'clock. Order ->f Red Kj
Cwf. All rraters courteoua.'y In-
vit-i.
THOMAS H. RROWNE. Commander.
T. U HENDERSON. Recorfler.
LA PARFA1TE Uni..n Iyodtre Ne. 17. O
V. and A. M.— Oi!l«».-1 mpettr.g THIS
<i"RIPAY> EVEXIKQ at s o'clock. /V\
I'irs-t dfgr** 1 . Hy order of tri«> W. M.
p. t=T. JULL1KN. Btcrtary.
k FAdFIC I>k1cp No u;r,. f. end a. p»
M.. Maoonir T*rr!al-. meets THIS >/y
EVENING. 7 O'rioric 1 D. /VN
GEOBCE PENLINCTON. S»c.
EXCELSIOR L.tdre No. IW, F. and A. e.
M. — Offkere and menr*rs» are r?FW k> 'i. ""Vjf
fully re<3ue«ted to »«wrah!» at tli» /^r\
7VTtipl»' FRIDAY. F«bmary 12. at l:.'5i>
• .vjijok. and ih'n to I^aur<l Hill Cemetery.
CTootfwarUi vault. 19 conduct th<» funeral
■xrrioc of our late brother. FRANCIS <"UR-
TIS 5ELFRIDGE. lat^ a nn-ml*r of Mount
M 'iriah LMg" No. 40. Pt. I^uis. Mo. Funeral
rommitt«ef, pleaee take nctire. By order of
th* t\\ M. H. J. owen. Secretary.
••CRAJTBaiKSrS Club"— Merting for O
purv""* r>T orsaniiation SUNDAY. VV
F«»hruar>- 14. at lf» a. m.. at Masonic /\r\
Tcmpl». All Mastrr Masons invitod.
PAST Grands' Association. I. O.
F Menibrr. ■„•■*' 1 regular -vb^B^ft-
r t •.'.:;. meeting TO-NIGHT, in rJ*;i<sFSX2
Fraternal Hall, Odd Ffllt>we' ' r *&K&* e '
builalng. The rcterasa »ill pay us a fra-
'•mal visit. W. A. S. NICHOLSON, Prfs.
ATOLLO Lndjre No. iCS~ I. O. O.
y Pecond • i .ri:rr» THIS iFUI- -•- '^fSSbti*.
T 'AN. NIGHT, F-lr-ary 52. Y:«-
itcrs cordially Invited. '
GEORGE C. TERRILL, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Per.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS. vfirCfei^.
K O. T. M —Rt-vi-w THIS £Sr&' y^gfA
(FRIDAY) EVENING, a' S f^S^C^J
o'clock. Pioc»er Hail, 24 Wk\ 7r *^St
: . B. RICHARDS.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTAV
T1OM COMPANY — Th* regular unnual
m"»tlr.g • f th* *to<khold<«r« of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held et the office of the company, "27 Mar-
ket Mr**t (room 4, Fecond floor), in the city
and county of Fan Fram-iaco. Stat» of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
February. A. O. 1WM, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of director* to serve for the ensuing
year ar.4 for the transaction of euch other
business as may properly «rome before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will clore on Satur-
day. February 13. 1'jOi. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Frcretary Hono'nlu Plantation Company, 327
Market *ir»»t. San FranclFco, «"!8lifornia.
Fan FranclFco. Cal., Feb. 10, II>04.
ANNUAL rawting— Kilauea Fugar Plantation
COTjipany— The re^-ular annual mating of the
Unckho.'ders of the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
t«ti.n Ccmpany will be held st the
orflee cf the r-or.ipany, 327 Market st"
<room 4, pecond floor). In the clt- and county
'•-C.^"? 1 '^. State of Callfcrr.!^. on
.1 ESDAY, the 2=d day of February. A. \)
1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra., for the
purpose of electing a beard of directors t<>
»erve fcr th? ensuing j ear and for the trans-
action of *'jch ctlwr bunr.css us tnav pron-
*rly corns before th* m^tin*. Tranr>V books
•Til close en Friday. Februarj 12. 1O.>4 at 3
o'clock p. m. 11. v>\ THOMAS
Secretary Kile w« Eu t «r Plantation Com-
T«nr. 327 Market +t.. San Francisco. Cal
San Frai;ci5;i'O. Cal., F»b. !>. 190-1.
OC<OD KaJary and paid "w7ekly~to
hustlers w!!!lns and ambitious to work; p*r-
rr.ari«nt r»os!tk'n. n-ith or>portunitie!i tn- «.j-
vmrfrnfm: cnrxi r<>fereni~<~8 and rmaJl c-a.«h
»ecu'ity rt-q-jlrod. Box 271. Kacrair.cnto. Cal.
AGEWTS rao»d in rverj- town and city en
the oout: ro-d salary to cr«.d men. Alta-
rtena Jnrwtnjeat Sj-ndieate, 70S Market «.
Fen Frar:ci!-co.
AGENTS wanted, realo cr female, every town
Northern Cal Oregon nvl Wa»h.: enormous
rrrr.tf; nothing like It; «tan?p for circular
raiifr.rria Souvenir Works. T-79 Eddy. P. T.
ADVEBTZSEatEZTT WBITIKa.
HAVING recently ncqulred through exchVn'ri
ef property three $40 scholarships In th* bAt
CoMege of Advcrtixinp in the United State's
I will rcll them at 25 per c-nt discount fcr
rach: the collese teachrs advertisement writ-
Ing by corTfrpondence and attlns lt» grad-
uates to recure position*; catalogues fur-
r.'thed en arr.Iiration. Actress bcx 3026. Call.
TV. H. BITTNER.* ~ "
ATTOIIXET AND COUNEELOll AT LAW ,
w Advice free. Phone South 743.
Pulte 322. Emma Spreckels building
PJvorces ouietly and legally obtained for
»!«ht caucec; carnages secured for Injuries to
perron cr ertatc; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained ; attachments and frarnlEh-
cients for <Sebt»: bond* furnished; bankruptcy
proceeding?: »il!i probated; «*t«te» settled-
colicctiozia made In all psrts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Pee rr.e and save money; no pay In advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 >rs.; nns. I. 2. 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market Ft., between Mason end Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
H. W. KING. AUorney-«t-Laxr. Emm. blflg..
Cth floor, entrance room Cll; established 20
yesrr; all caefs; ceneral court and office prac
tlce; no f«e In advxnce or for con5uttation;
•ventngs by appoir.traent Tel. Red 306L
ADVICE FREE. ' ~~
Cohjmbfan Uw and Collection Agencr.
rtoom t3. !)10 Msrket rt.; tel. John G22S.
DIVORCE — Coetr. $12; qui'k. quiet; advtc*
free; cp<»a ovtnings. S>27 Market «t.. r. 301.
L. 6. CLARK. 027 Market St.: consultation
free; no Zees is aJrancet cpea evenlxun. \
BPSIS iESS CH : AXCES.
A— J750; SALOON; «stab. many years: S years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California ets.; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
tifss and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearr.y et.
A— »4C0(r; CORNKR saloon, with lease.; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for y«-ars; fullest investigation so-
licited. Sea EC G. WILKE. 2C> a Kearny st.
A— J5OC0; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
eFtabli5hment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $"<> and a first-class paying business;
other investments only rauw of sale. J3ee
R. «. WILKE. 2'J! 5 Kearny st.
A— $1200: 1'ARTNKR wanted in coffee saloon
and restaurant, few doors from Market st. :
a wtll-paying business cleat-ins about $.100
per month, only reason lor owner to take a
partner arv the long hours for him: he needs
a Rood afylstant. Call It. G. WILKE. 2li>i
Kearny Ft.
A— *11V(»: BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
presrnt owner 17 years; bake3 4|» barrels
per day: daily Fairs *4.">; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2(i' a Kearny tt.
A — $.%00— THE leading restaurant of this city;
' rent fl50; surrounded by a theaters; private
boxps for ladles; a flrst-clats paying place.
R. G. WILKE, 2Ci{. Keamy st^
A — S12.'.0— DELICATESSEN and dairy psoduce
store; clo6e to Market and Stockton ets.-;
large Ftock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sigM: a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 2<j^ Kearny st.
A — $.100— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location In the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 2<i 1 a Kearny Et.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. .years:
vicinity Fcurth st.. Market and Stockton;
place speaks for itself; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 2C'4 Kearny st.
A f5500 — CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; 7 years' lease;. est abl. 30 years; clears
about ?40<> per month. R. G. WILKIE, 2t5 1 ,i
Kearny at. '
A— $3250: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; patronized by bankers and mer-
chants: owner on sick bed. otherwise $7000
wculd not buy the ljusiness; lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKIE, 2G« S Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 10 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $05; a
business where man and wife easily can
cisar ¥300 r*r month. Particulars It. <J.
- WILKE. 2«>i Kearny st.
A— $300o; HOTEL with 30 roomy. 45 beds; bar,
dining and reading rooms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 miles from this city: place clears
$300 per month. See R. G. WlLKIE»j28l£
Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy Ft., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all klmla of business chances. ■
Or=t'r and chop house? $350 to $1000
Candy an d ice cream parlors $200 to $25(X»
Karber «hops $500 to S2500
CiKar stands $.'!50 to S20O0 ,
Groceries and bars $5OO to S.'>O00
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Resta-rants $.;50 to $2').(XJ0
Fruit and vegetable stores $'!00 to $1000
I>rus stores $2000 to $«<«
Delicatessen stores $25«» to $1500
FOR rale or trade — Quartz mine: fine presp<»ct;
located in Cat.: at-ays $40 to $7O ton: trade
for r'mg: house or business. Cameron. 3 Edd;.\
FOR rale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ped xoi- making own candies: established 8
years; clears over $2»K) pei month: will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sal*- — One of the b*\.n restaurant* in city:
cheap rent: receipt* STJJto fid) per day: v.-ill
bear investigation; j rice $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eildy ft. -.
FOR tale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical Fiipply store; rent
$10; wen located; clearing $. - «i0 per month: 4
living rooms; first-claes proposition: will
5tan.1 strict investigation; price $S0O0. CAME-
EKON A CO.. 3 Eddy si.
F. A. HROOKRANK. Phone Fr.Isom 18«J,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st.. hrt. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A — $2000 HUYS a 20-room office building on
Market St.; clears $125 mo. BROOKBANK.
A-*7O»; BJLUOOX: oM eytabllshed; finely fit-
ted: Al location: cheap rent: 3 years' lease;
don't fail to gee this. BROOKBANK.
A— $5OO; BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
candles, cigars, tobaccos; receipts $12 dally;
6 furn. living rms.; rent $20. BROOKBANK.
A— $35o : PARTNER in well established office
business; no experience required: this is a
fine chance for party who Is satisfied with
$100 month; investigate. See BROOKBANK.
.'—$700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnished: Al lo-
catlon; rent $40; part cash, balance time.
See BROOKBANK. 017 Market st.
A— $100— SPECIAL bargain; c!sar stand; Rood
location: good stock: pood fixtures; nicely
furnished Ilring room in ccnnectlon: rent
$10.; part cash, bal. time. BROOKBANK.
. A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure, interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and investment company: $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references.
GERMAXIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "Bet-
rich oulck" swindle, turf r.p«»culatlon or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
?67.OOO last year on $100,000 capital: stock
increased S2O.0OO to enlarce plant; call or
write for MutkruJars.
r.ERMAXIA INVEST CO., 027 Market *t.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per rent In the past 22 days or. Frisco races;
for proofs and r-fer'necs r.?k any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to repular subscribers at nur office
only; oorr.misfiior.s handled rm this Fystem for
25 per cent of the ret weekly profits; terni3
fcr our Handicap sheets. 52 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper,
rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 StoclUon St., S. F.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market.
**• long lease, low rent, $2500. part cash; corner
ta!oon, on water front. $1100. payinjj brewery
business. $2300. or will sell part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for tale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Keamy st.
NICE ZO-Tonm house, suitable for a hotel; only
cw in town: goo.1 location; for sale cr W"-»,
with or without furnlttirp; reavinabie. Price
or terms inquire of L. LIEBKR, Napa Junc-
tion.
FOR sole— Patent: particularly adapted for
Psciflc Coa»«t: email capital required for
!nnM:facturing. AddrcEs or call W, H
MOHEHOCSE Jr., Royal Hour*.
WANTED— Tarty w-ith $1000; uninrumbsred
business: lady preferred: to manufacture
liquid to ki'.l fleas; 75 per cent profit. A. J.
S.. Eastland. CaL
RESTAURANT for sale en account of sepa-
ration of owners; daily receipts $40; rent $<i0;
five years" leaso: no agents; cheap. Address
box 2021. Call office.
FOR SALE — Feed and potato business In the
thriving city of Napa: on main street;
cwner must ro East at once. Address P. O
box 204. Napa.
WANTED— Grocer}', either with or without
bar: bar preferred; stock muFt be In good
rendition. Address, with particulars, box
216. Call office.
WANTED— Partner w:th $S00 to take half In-
terest In ifRitlmate established business at-
t»n»l to cutsi3e. !M4 22d et.. 7 to 10 a. m.
$300 — PARTNER wanted with this amount In
old established office busings?; $5000 In sight.
Mocre Iuvestment Co.. 0.15 Market St., rm. tf!
A SNAP; corner rrocery: wholesale liquor; 4
years' lease; low rent; $1600; cause, sickness.
Address 1504 Guerrero st.
FOR sale— Flrtt-class saloofi and cafe; Al loca-
tion; established for over 20 years. liox
1*037, Call office.
HAY. grain, wood and coal yard; established
SO years; doing large business; owner retlr-
lng. Bcx 222. Call office.
A CANDY store and factory for *ale on ac-
count of, leaving city: have a «pl»ndld trad<s,
soda fountain, etc. Box 17S, Call office.
I WILL buy a delicatessen store reasonable;
In a »rood location for trafle; state price.
Box 194. Call office.
WANTED— A partner In liquor store-boardlng-
houFe; man and wife preferred. S30 Main st.
GROCERY and saloon for Fnle; rent reason-
able: price $500. 1672 Fifteenth st.
FOIi sale — . Complete dyelne and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526, Call office.
A 3-CHAIH barber shop for t-ale cheap. Box
238. Call office.
CHOP house and coffee saloon: a money mak-
er; must sell. 318*4 Third et.
WANTED — A dear store. Address, Riving
full particulars, box 107, Call office.
A SALOON on water front for sale; cheap
Bcx 22C. Call ofP.ce.
WANTED — An established restaurant In a
small trlty; jfi\'e particulars. Box £52, Call.
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
Eroderick St., between Geary and O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for T» cents — The Weekly Call,
10 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per j'ear.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1904.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAUS.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1060.
ii Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date, apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new Duilding; clear-
ing HKn) to {t(jo per month; obliged to leave
city.
:>') rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 ytars' lease: clears $100; lull; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all exyenaea; always full; snap; $550.
6 rcoms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented lor $25; price $i.'0W. t
24 rooms; rent only $1.".G; flrst-class condl-
tlun; oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra tine carpets; clear* $70; price
$lbOO; half cash, balance 1 '-j per cent.
29 rooit^; rent $85; lease; -newly renovated
and fi:rnl.-in d; can get 10 more rooms; good
thins; $lf-00.
102 rooinB; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building: fine, entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance s per cent per year.
IS rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance l' a per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
S6-room family hotel; bonton location; fine
lease; clearing $5C0 to $t>00 per month; always
lull; parl.casa: balance time; owner sick abed.
S-room upptr flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; prl- 1
vate bath*; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular rcomem; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments ; price $S0O.
25 rcoms: fine corner: rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered: clearing $80
month: part cash; mutt leave city; $1550.
7-room. new. mi'dern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $43; price $550.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpet?: 5-yeai lease; running water; new
building ; clears $15t>: $1000 down; $2S0O.
9-room, new. modern flat: 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; coat over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices: elecant new building
and furniture: high class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
l.'l rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 room.<: rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautirul furnishings; clear-
Ing $CCO per month: every room full: will stand
the strictest Investigation; location unsur-
passed.
10 rooms: rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
24 rooms; cheap rent; solden oak furniture;
fine beds, furnished new in June; first-class
transient: clears $175: sickness.
K rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture, Axmlnster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 room*; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture: Moquet carpets; Rood lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak fur.;
good carpets; clears $00; leaves 3 rooms for
landlady: fine opportunity to get good bouse
reasonable.
71 rooma; elegant, new modern bulldinc: In
one of th- bet-t cities of Southern California;
el«ctric lljrhts, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-dat?; !>-year lease: rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms: rent $C5: California st. : fine loca-
tion: good furniture and carpets; prlcw will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
ta looms: Market St.: rent only $300; fine
transient house: very central: liquor license:
enn clear $250 to $"30 per month: must be sold
within 10 days to settle estate: only $700 cash
to get In, balance time; hi*. snap.
MARION GRIFFTN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front office*.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
Bargain In a 17-room lodging-house: north
of Market: near center of center; all fine,
large outslda Bunny rooms; rent $50; income
$154; full; respectable; price reduced to $1050.
40- room house. 4 blocks of Market: muat be
eold on account of severe sickness; building
and furniture brand new 1 year ago; price
$2800. _____
CO rooms; furnished roost beautifully 2 year*
ago; well known throughout the State;elevator;
clears $300 month; 4 -year lease; exact book
accounts are kept.
fl rooms: furnished with the most elegant
furniture and carpets that could be had; extra
heavy velvet carpets; 30 private bathrooms;
corner; clears $650 per month.
20 rooms; near Market; $C50; 2-year lease;
rent $10; electric lights; good-looking house.
HANDSOME corner of 1C0 rooms: private
baths: splendid furnishings: 5-year lease;
modern In e\*ery department; price $0600;
clears $400.
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.; house built
on* year ago; elegantly furnished In mahog-
any and oak; fine Brussels carpets; income
$111 over rent; other Important business causes
sale.
NF5W and MODERN apartments; elegantly
furnished; 8- year lease; 103 rooms; incoma
$1097; total expenses $6S9; profit $458 per mo.
23 rooms; $1250; reduced from $2000; rent
$50; mostly housekeeping; big snap; full of
roomers.'
40 rooms: on Sutter st. ; beautifully and ex-
pensively furnished in velvet, mahogany and
golden oak; 6-year lease; everything new and
nice; prl.:e and terms so desirable you'll tm
surprised.
NEAR Nob HIM: 44 rooms; $2000; reduced
from $3200: splendid sunny KE. corner; own-
er is out of city. If you have $1000 cash .'Wt
can arrange terms nicely for you. Think It
over.
Read these rents; prices In proportion:
S3 rooms $234; C4 rooms. $175; CO rooms. $100.
44 rooms. $«3; 18 rooms. $25; 24 rooms. $55.
28 rocms. $50; 21 rooms. $26; 20 rooms. $40.
18 rooms. $3S; 11 rooms. $19; , 8 rooms, $20.
EXCHANGE for real estate; 24 rooms; well
furnished; sunny side of street; north of Mar-
ket; price $2000: Income $108 over rent.
APARTMENT house: 38 rooms for the rid-
Iculuucly low price of $1500; % down and V4 In
monthly Installments to suit buyer.'
New- house; new furniture; £9 rooms; $1500;
rent $C0; lease if desired; full of roomers.
H. C. DECKER.
H. C. Decker. 0C6 Market St.; phone John 631.
RoomlnB-hous? and hotel
Uroker lor over
2S yiar» In San, Francisco.
I have ell the pr.yitiR houses that are for sale.
All Titles Guaranteed.
Money Loaned on Any House. /
Houses Sold on Installments.
Sre my special barcalns.
isi;-room npartment-hou»e;clears $1000.$15.000
20 rooms; Mission rt. ; good buy.... 650
r»-rni>m flat; only ; ...- ;hs
10 rcoms: genuine bargain \ 1,050
• 9 rooms; nicely furn.; fine location.. 700
12 rooms; Ellis St.; downtown 1,250
•i rooms; utper floor: Geary et.... 175
7 rooms; Post St.; $150 cash 350
:;3 rrr.s. ; for exchange; city or country 2.K00
50 rooms; hotel; clears $450 monthly. 5.500
27rcorr.«; a unan; SO od location 1.600
82 rooms; rood corner: n»wly furn. 6,000
8 rooms; rcr.t only $27 50; price.... U0O
Call and en my bargain list.
H. C. DECKER. »0B Market. OPD.. 4th at.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
102W Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered
Part cash; balance monthly payments.
11 rooms; rent $30; amazln^y low price. $350
84 rooms; rent $«0; Just think ! $1550
2.'! rooms; rent $35; one floor •♦ $1100
0 rooms: rent $20; a pick-up yi;to
2O rooms; clears $S0; rent $10... $sso
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $(K>..$10O0
18 rooms; rent $50: cleais $«$; terms... .$950
VA rooms; sunny corner: rcnf$55. ... .. .$1CCO
«;o mom*; Market st.; liquor license... .$'{500
12 rooms: California st. ; rent $50; snap.. $760
10 rooms; Geary st.; clears S40; rent $2S.$.VK)
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 60; only. .,.$450
is rooms; U unfurnished; rent *!."> sr><>0
35 rocms; transient; lease. ...-. $IISOO
8 rooms: Post st.; rent $32: only... J2.V)
12 rooms; Pclk st.; partially 'furnished.". $450
TURK., 120. near Jones Ft.— House of 7 rooms;
, nicely iurnished; rent $35. •.
"SABBATH MORN"
— — SIZE 16x20 INCHES
ON A HEAVY AND HIGHLY POLISHED BRISTOL BOARD.
Want -Advertisers in -the Next Sundau Caff Gel:
This Handsome 'Coforgrapfi free of aff Charge
"SABBATH 'MORN."
"Sabbath Morn" is a handsome picture, j appropriately colored, full of
sentiment, showing two sweet Quaker children and their devout young
mother bending their steps to the country house of worship on a beauti- ;
.- : ful Sunday morning in early spring.
This picture is 16x20 inches, printed on a heavy and well-finished bris-
tol board, and will make an extremely pretty picture for the home.
Be sure to bring your "Want Ad" to THE CALL or any of its
branch offices in San. Francisco, Alameda, Berkeley or Oakland to-day,
Friday and Saturday, and avail yourself of the opportunity to get one of
these pretty colorgraphs.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. ■ , .
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. »
/ 639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
fil5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. . .
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. '■ f
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
)06 Eleventh street; open until I* p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church anil Duncan streets: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214S Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE.
Schneider's Book Store.. s. Park Street
L.ODGI.XG HOt!SKS KOU SALE— Con.
A— ?32?i0; loJglnB-house o: 33 rooms; clearlnff
$250 per month; lease; locale'! close»lo Mar-
ket and Tcwell sts.: all sunny rooms; fur-
niture nr*t-t-]ass: not all cash required. Call
A. *;. wii.ki;. 2<;!4 Kearay ft.
A— $950: lodKing-hcuse of 20 rooms: rent $100:
located cJcre to Mnrk*t and Stockton: good
furn.ture ami first-class paylnif. K. G.
WILKE. 2C*S Kcarny st^
FOtt sale — 3S-room hou«e: dotvntownd business
center; near Post an1 Stockton sts. Ad-
drgss box 247. Call office.
S1C0O— Fine 21-room house; north of Market
at.: tx-st location; must aell. Hox 16S. tall.
EDDY. 7S3— S-room Hat; *1I new and up to
date: sacrifice t-ale. '
A nHANCH of nee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription!" has been
opened . at 100S ilarUet St.. opposita ..Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. m. ■ :■ . -
St'IKITl-'AI-lSM.
MRS DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mlninc a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My. wonderful magnet
will bring: reconciliation and lasting peace
r.ith thf one you love: readings by mall most
natlrfactory, $2: readings dally. :$1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. f>02 Eddy 8t.
DAWSON BROS. ' .
Tho known mediums, famous for, their free-
unless-correct readings; Klve nam?s, dates and
fact? or refund your money; low fee this week.
001 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night, 10c: dev.
circle Wed. eve.'. "25c; read, dally. 121 Turk st.
EEKR, Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads dally;
cir. Wed., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m. 10c.| 540 Ellis.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED.EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddyst. Phone Scott 837.
~ clairvoyants; .
mme. m. bernard. the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located nt 17 Third »t., next Examiner
bids; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
. present -ha ppcnlnits* and portrays . events to
occur in the -.future; if you arc In trouble,
discontented, or not .satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
suit this Kreat medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affaire of life; 25c up;- satisfaction nuai-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4509.;
1SMAR. the Egyptian Rypsy, clairvoyant and '
palmist, permanently located nt 1101 Market
" »t., cor. Tuik: Drlvate readings dally. 1» a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readlnusby mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; S questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of. birth; don't send currency; aend postofflee,
.Wells-Fargo money order or 'registered letter.
JiME. - PARK HURST. - clairvoyant and ; card
reader; business advice; sittings daily: 10 to
12 a.m., 1 to 7 p. m.: 2Rc up: as McAllister.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 1th St., near Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS Continued.
REDUCED Prices One Week More.
Call at once and save $2.
My regular ?3 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 %l $1 $1 $1 $1
READ CAREFULLY.
AN HONEST PROPOSITION.
NO CHARCJK NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
fYou to Be Full Judge.)
PROFKSSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
1 do hsreby solemnly agree and guarantee,
to make you no charge If I fall to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I ;iromlsp to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart Is true or raise; tell who
and when you will marry; tn fact I will tell
every iiope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; 1 will tell you how to win
the man or weman you love, even though
miles away: I will stralshten out your af-
ralrs and show you how to win success In
love, marriage, business, mining speculation,
health, better positions, etc.: no matter what
trouble you may have I will help you or
T^rf4. notninK for m y "ervlcts: "MEDIUMS
DE\ ELOPED"; learn a profession that will
bring you from $10 to $25 per day.
326— O'Farrell st.— S2B.
MME. HALL. Trance Medium. '
Those desirous of a flrst-clasa reading may
call; no charge unless satisfied; tips on races-
r"Te« drink habit; hours 10 to 8. Parlors, 403
Ellis st.
THE only original Hofhan Gypsies In the city;
palmist*, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
people in San Francisco since our arrival -
they were satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MME. VEINA,. wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ' ab-
sence. 4O»3 Geary ct., near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. If. KRONENBERG. nalmlst. clair-
voyant, card rfader: when others fall- try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE, crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question read3 your entire
life; sDecial, $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
MISS WARD, fora Tew days, 017 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names: 1. 50c. g. $1. 7U Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MRS. BROWN,' clairvoyant.- card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23«$ Cth: la.25c. g.SOc.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20% Kearny, room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 60c.;
MRS. BAUM ANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellla st.
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, .card reader: sit-
tings dally. ■ 44SH Jesaie st.. bet. 5th and Cth.
COLLECTION OrriCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. , 55SA.
COTTAGES TO LET— FURNISHED.
COTTAGE: 3 rooms and bath; furnished com-
, . plete. 304 Capp st. l'hone Blue 10S3.
CARPKT ; nRATI.\G AXP: CL^BAXIXG.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. T<\ Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 52T.7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAl."L,DIXG"S Pioneer Carp«t-beat-
lng Works. :>55-3T>7 Tfhair.a at.; tel.. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1R09 Har- ,
rison st.; At cleaning; 3c. .Tel. Mission 225.
HOrKE HROS.; excellent carpet heating: mat-
tresses mad- over. UZ2 Howard ;tel.?outh 21B.
ADVANCE Carpet Cisanintr Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAIX'OM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. rarpet-beatln* works; prices
reasonable. 170.'! Harlson rt.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKMN'S - Superior Carpet-beatlns Works.
. .TVt Oolden flate avc. ; telephone East 26.
CT/BES BUPTTTKE.
W-1IO IKJES IT ?~ HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
'. DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 501-5-0 Callaghan bid*.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses th* tfasford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavcting teeth without
■ pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.T Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
- made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set;. extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown, - $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plate*. .$3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2-1 Sixth.
ARTHUR~CHIsltOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14, l»t
floor. Fhelan bid., SOC Market, cor. O'Farreli.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearry. cor. Bush—
Sot teeth. ?1 50 up; crowns, $2 up: fillings. 25c.
COLO filling?. 75c; silver. :{."W-: crowns, J2;- no
pwln;open Sundays. Dr. O.D.Hewitt. 2SH Sutter.
Ul^:SS^UAJKjUU^ANU JSKAMSTRBSSE.*
Accordion-, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
etamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. MllllnerySchool—
Patterns cut to measure: eve class 1019 Mkt.
FASHIONABLE dres3makinc and shirt waists
a specialty MRS. L. STECK. 614 McAllister.
-^ EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at "cALIFORnTa
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army or workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 901-025 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of- this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 1S.0O0
square feet. 35 rooms. 450 students, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated catalogue
The 'growing life and enthusiasm here will
he a constant liuuiratlon to you.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar*
ket St.; established IS yenrs; life scholarship
. J5<»: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch • typing'
arithmetic, spelling, etc: positions secured'
the college refurntshed with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. - Catalogue free.
1 EDCCATIONAL-^on«In«ied.___
DAT SCHOOLS' for men and
United States: mechanical, freehand draw-
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Tnung
Men^s ChrisUan Association In^titut- jof Trjc-
tlcal Education for Men and Bo>*. H. J. Mc-
OT. General Secretary. San r™*l"£**Z
dress all communication* to LE RO1 BLR.N3
SMITH, Educational Director.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul te«f.
School of Acting now open; appt cants re-
ceived from « to 12 years of age; Miss LUHarx
Muscio principal: exceptional «4vantag-»:
large,?' school of the kind in the. West: senl
Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical col l«g?»;
rer. President Jordan or any Stanford prof£-
tor : day and evening sessions. Thslan bldg.
m\-\fA\"S Academy; a thorough school of
"d^efng; e,fa C bKs^-2O year,. MK «»»•!-,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEAD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. A.
F —Bookkeeping shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy? English branches; dar
and night sessions: lllustratej catalogue free.
A L\RGER and better school than ever: #nt«*r
at once If you desire a good position: Greg?
shorthand. E11N bookkeeping. £. F. Buslnes*
Collere. 123G Market >t m
•ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College or»
advice of official court reporter* and be com-
peter t gtenographerg. 13S2 Market: catalog.
School cf Sinking— Opera, conc-rt and oratorio:
voices cultivated: method. Italian: en <a«--
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller. 361 Geary.
HE\LD'P School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
at S F. • a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. m^ch.. »ur-
vey. assay, cyanide-: day. ev. ; est. 1<WU. \»
der NalMen School. 113 Fu!ton. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tu-sday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. n»ar
i»tri. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bH. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch, typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc. : day. eve. : $4 mo. eve.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'i'Academr
0fLanguageO20P03ty8tah'dlS71;ahIest profs.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 4B2 *t.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
.plete system taught. 139 Pctt st.. room ST.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day an.l
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st— .Night class.
PIANO lesson?. 2.V half hour. MRS. PECK.
exr-erlenced teacher. 1Q13 Mission, nr. Flxth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET~ymJr~hTl p~aTpiNE~JA PA NeIeIe M PLO T-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
>Pln*. nr Jap. M. E. Church: Dhone Pone 366G.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur«
□Ishes best herp; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42ti Powell st. Tel. Main 3712.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chlnesa
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 163.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31S-*.
CHINESE and Japanese help; astab. 2O yearv
tel. Main 1937. BRADLET A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEW A I.E.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires nitu»-
tlon. city or country; S40. Apply C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 42O Bush «t.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day.
washing and cleaning. Address 3207 Army
St.. near Folsom.
TOUNG Swedish girl wishes position as cham-
bermaid. Box 1033, Call office. Oakland.
STRONG, temperate, honest American woman,
wants work; $1 25 and carfare: carpet clean-
ing or laundry work a specialty: absolutely
reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth St.,
rcom 10. first f.lght.
A MIDDLE aged woman would like position
aa housekeeper or work In a small privat*
family of adults; good plain cook; no wash-
ing; wages 32O; car fare; no cards. 345
Minna »t.
DRESSMAKING In families. In ladies' ajri
children's clothes, by an experienced dress-
maker: also renovating; $1 35 per day. 12J7
Webster it., near Kllis.
YOUNG lady, competent experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter, highest references, dc-
nires position in or out of city. Box 2013.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGEP woman Tvant3 work; city or
country: not afraid of hard work; good coo*
and washer and Ironer. Housekeeper. II ; ."■!
HOTEL- cook wants situation, city cr country;
wages $43 and up. Call or address 'Winches-
ter Hotel, room 39.
WOMAN wants to do light housework for s-r.a;!
family; object, good home; small wajes; ref-
erences. Box 2019. Call.
RELIABLE womain. with girl 4 years, wishes
work wher* she can take her child; city or
country: $10 to $12. Box 2C25. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants position aa cook cr gen-
eral housework; wages J3O to $35. Call
from 9 to 12. at 1S19 Polk st.
FIHST-CLASS German laundress wishes work
by the fl*y; $1 SO. Address 1123,'j Mission st.
NORWEGIAN girl wishes to secure ordinary
housework. Address &SK> Castro st.
ADVERTISEIIENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton'g Bataar. 633 McAllister »t.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened at 1008 Market st_, opposita Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
ASSATER— Ycung man would Ilk*? situation of
some kind in cyanirfr or quartz mill. Se«
J. F. CROSETT. 62S Sacramento »t.
SITUATION wanted by mlCdle-ased man.
wife and grown daughter; want poultry or
stock ranch to run on shares or wages. Ad-
dress J. M. SLACK, 4OO Ninth st^
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants position aa
right watchman: run furnish references. Ad-
dresj I. B.. 750 Folsom st.
GARDENER wishes situation: practical and
induntrlcus. Address box 2044. Call office.
POSITION wanted, by young man. 3 years'
banking. 5 yearV railroad experience; ac-
curate stenographer and typist; excellent ref-
erences. H. N. PRATT, 520 North Second
St., San Jcse.
GARDENER, first 'class, single, long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situa-
tion on a private place: references. Addrcsa
H. H.. box 20C0, Call office. . -
A MAN and wl.'e wish position; man under-
stand* care of horses, can milk cows, -car*
garden and 1* a general man around place:
wife gnod cock and laundress. fe. P.. 77
Ninth «t.
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 13 year3' experience. Address box
10.12. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper having business
occupying part time desires employment for
remainder: expertlng accounts or putting
books in arrears up to date. Box 143. Call.
AN Intelligent American (married man) wants
• position as night clerk or watchman; refer-
ences. Eox 2u31. Call office.
TOUNG man, stranger fn city, desires employ-
ment of any description; no. objection to hard
work. Box Sttlt. Call office.
BT a trustworthy' man. position as night
watchman; can furnish best of reference*.
Address I. B., 75a Folsom st
AN all around good carpenter wants work:
• J»y or country. 1804 Butter st. ; teL Scott
JANITOR In apartment-housq; experienced on
• lei ?J£ r mni "t**™ heating plant. Address
A. SCHMID. 533 Sacramento «t-. city.
1^ 11 ' P a P* rn »n«er and tlater wmats w-irk,
- TV M.UAPP. 434 Fulton .t.; teU Fa,. Id.TO WANT ADVErTTISERSV'IM NEXT 5UN DAY'S CALL
r I A) V 31 K X T \V A XTED--MALE^
I3.\r.i3i:ns-A Ont-rlaui mjddle-ased uia:i ot
fjtinily VUbci a •'■.siii^n in f.ryt-class shop
<--uteu; e of i-ity. prefers Itoatl town on ac-
count family. Ilex 3020. Call.
•V, ANTl-:n— Jly bookkeeper. »ma!l
*et of 1 .-«.}..- to k«-ep in fv.nini; rates very
reu5cr.ah'.c. Box 1S3. Call.
r.\r.KKKi't;u, Em-data man. wmrtd like ti
tear of .i porfflca. DOUGLAS, ais Hyde st.
FTSBT-CXlASS bread cake ba^cr on all
Mnga ol breads and oakos. Bex 139. Call.
CA"HIEH. rprtcunirit. CT night clerk. lodslnK-
beaae. 1« open for rnip'.oymer.U Box 207. Call.
SOOI> lajanea*' boy wants work and attend
Kfeoot: csOerstaada evnrjrtiUn*. '**• nakao.
4:U EtCTCOSna ;-t.. city; tcl. JPS»le^23SL
YOUNG Japan?*"? want* pof!t!on as house and
rooUing h-:^r in ett) ; wajres. ti r.-eek and
up. BEN. 717 Ftlttttl st.; tel.
A UKANX'H offlre tor Call advertisements and
*u!isrr!ptinr» fca» be«r. established at lOSW
Va'.ercla *t
>. FKATHElt nEX<V\ "ATIXG.
BY rev. 1i»aJthfuI ;iroces«. <^al. Stezm Feather
Co.. S^'5 Van Nets are.: t«L Howard 2167.
PIXAKCIAL.
M4 peacEsrr
It- raid oa erJfnary savings accounts and 6
per <-ent on term accounts by the phoenix
Savings II. ar.d L. Association. 51«- California
st. A. A. Watlttaa. president: Charles R.
K!sh«-;\ vice president: S. Prentiiw ?nslth.
Irwmifi; CJarwaee Grange, secretary and
rrr.r.aK'.ng CtSetor: Gavin McNab. attorney;
•l»-o-ge C Boardrran and Charles E. Ladu.
director-: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Eubccribed capita:. f«,COO.O00: paid '.n capi-
tal. SI.&'-O.VOO: * reserve fund. $20O. CW.
COMPAN'IHS irrorr«>rated. financed end stock
floate-1. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Arent, 322 Cans Srreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will ?«ve you time and
m trouble. CcrtJcs Furniture Co.. 245-Z5U Geary
* et.. on the square.
ALL of the rccst desirable Tats an4 houses are
lifted in cur rer.tir.K department; let us give
>ru a Jiat ar.d help you find cne In the lor-a-
• tion you want, STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market st.; services abso-
• lutely frre. *
FOUR, modem flats: Just flnlehed; rent mod-
erate; Janitor premier*. 2341 to 2350 Frank-
lin st.. between Broadway and Vallejo st.
JT-AT — :..*.:■:.• Twenty-third et..^near Guerrero;
4 rooms and batb.
FLAT— 94S Eddy et.: & rooms and bath; mod-
ern Improvements.
G&ABT. 1237. cor. Gough — 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms; sunny.
S2T> — 640 GItOVE; fine flat. « rooms and bath;
Funry side; modern.
KI.AT vi four large rooms; rent $16. &31
Grove ft., near L^guna.
FLAT cf & roomi to let; furniture for sale.
i/'ti 1^ Baker st. : key In rear.
FLATS TO LET FtK.MSHED.
■CICELY furnished flat or 7 rooms: modern
;:-:;ouphoat. 125C California. Call 12 to 2.
.Jirv-TO let. furniFhed sunny 4-room flat. 2S29
Washington et.
TLATS FOIt SALE— FCHMSHED.
t-R' >OM furnithed flat for sale; 2 roctns rent-
?>. IW7 1 - Folgom «t.. near Sixth.
FIRXITIHE FOK 8ALE.~
.-. V.-' SO. 7 combination coal and gas
.rang«: used 2 Bf»lt!; $V>. 403 Valencia «.
riUMTLBE WASTED.
:.:•'.!: r.HT price-? for furniture . nd mdse. L.. H.
BURXX, ancUoeeer.UU Mkt.: tel. Howard 27.VI j
HKLP 'VASTED — FEMALE.
■.-.r.itarium $35
. ■ iiriNju* boarding-houre. V.i>
onaO restaurant *:;.'.
I' ur • o -icy. German »?>le $30-S-'">
Cook, Boca Valley, no washing. $30
■ . Pewr mm r.J *:rl«. city $20. $25. $.10
.-• :.fl girt. BurMngame. eee la<Jy at office
st 10 o'clock $23
n'tltrest fur Monterey, fare paid $25
•r ' r '.fiur.^ry. rour.try $12 week
N'urae. two grown children £J0
CVtaistenBaM and waiting $20-$25
« U"aitri»a». hotel, city $25
53 Suuseirirl*. $2" J25. $.Vt. Apply to
J. F. OROSETT 4r CO.. 334 Putter st.
A NURSE. $-10; two second girls. $25; cook.
$:«•: houwgirl. -$3<»: nurvegtrl. $15; laundress.
•*;>'»: ranch cook. 525: 25 houseglrls, $25 and
*3". MRS. NORTON, 313 Putter fit.
*A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, »tc; trade taueht from A to Z
in 2 week*: ?5 to thoi«e entering now; 3 po-
«f.!<-,n« to fl!l immediately; pcMtions guaran-
>• 4 at »10 per weex up; leading school In
Vest. 233 Geary «t.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
f r n: both i<ea*ons taught from start to finish
-.n 1 roorsth for |I5; positions as trimmer*.
*ale»ia<5ie*. etc.. guaranteed at S10 per wk up;
dav and evening class. 143 Stockton et.. r. 13.
A— I-ADIES to learn all bra.nche fl ha!r4re*s!ng
trade, manicuring, mar?age, etc. 11EW Mar-
ket Ft., e-or. Jones, room 94: positions secured
at highest wage*; day and fve. clase; call.
GIRI.S about 16 to work In factory; good
wager; pteady employment. Apply at once,
AMES 4t HARRIS. 100 Sacramento at.
BEWnCO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST.. AND
1873 MIK5ION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Refined young woman for rmld's
n^ir**': cue who will appreciate a good homo;
»*ate ag' . experience, if any. and ealary ex-
pertf-d. Apply box 2'H3. Call office.
WANTED — Yocng woir.an <Tf good education
as r.urre ar.d governess for children; a good
tyiEHion for one who appreciates a good
home. Apply box 2033. C»U offlce.
T~S PERIKXCED pl.ive maker* ; welted Eure-
kae; «wa<Jy. CARSON GIJJVE COMPANY.
123 Second ft.
FTKXSHKRfl on rloaks ani ruits. D. M.
DAVIDSON & c(^_ z^J[} r1 !} rt :
GIRL to amirt with general houxework; small
family; good home. 1124 Fell «t.. near Scott.
'WANTED — Finst-rlas* dinner waitress; $5 per
«'<vk. 304 Mason ft.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; 3 adulta;
referencer. 11)73 OTarrell at.
EXPEP.IENCED chocolate dipper*. Apply 224
* r.^ttfry «t. ;
WANTED — Wcmsn with some experience as
waitress In chophouye. 774 Howard St.-
"ROMAN to wurh few dishes In chophouee.
774 Hr.warl st. '.
FIR5T-CLASS tailcrcss wanted on custom
coat*; etcady work; cood pay. 533 Natoma.
\ WfiMAN to vlr!t Email towns In California
for wholesale lioute. Hox 2035. Call offlce.
LADIES wlKhir.z light P»>1t« v.ork call at
r.02 OTarrfll »t.. room X
YOUNG women, cood education, train for
BBtmm: private hoypltal. Hox S003, Call.
A~J>v"i;KTI£i:MnNTSrsi;!)«criptScn* receUjed at
CiiM branch offlt-e, «-or. Duncan & Church gts.
A nii.A+:rn office of The Call for the reception
if advcrti*»rr.cnt* and subscriptions nan been
rjiT.^J at 1<«iS Market It., opposite Filth.
< ;,'v\ until 11 ;). rn.
. help" wanted— malk.
AT C. R- HANFEN A CO.. Phone Grant 185.
Strnrrrapfcer and keep account mippIiMi,
>tf>reroerii country hotel, eee party here, $40.
Ve^piablft cook and male: waffles, country
hct*J. «55. ' ■ . - • ,,.
Kerof'l cock, broiler and-frier for cafe, north,
tro $20 and $1* a w«?«k: no objection to union
men. , in
.".urE«> f . Institution, oountrj'. tM. '•*■:
Extra *>vstcr man, country hrtel. $2 and fare.
•;:<iacr-.r-r. rice j.mate pUce. ccunlrj'. *e e
Two "hortlcr*' /cr first • clase hotel stables.
'■ ntrr, %'■»> ard found: fare.
ksmith htlpf-r end <lrive «lj«>es for notci
cm:ntr->- $40 «n 4 found: fare.
C. B. HANSUN & CO.. 423 Push st.
TaXXASf Ar\t;r,rA» anj cjoth'ng salepman for
•••Jtitry f75 month: mar. about plar*> ami
«i:f. $41) and found: ruilhrr and wife: farmer.
5 ■ I r.<I fo-jr'J- oxik and r.-|f<>. $.".3 and found:
hfto! «r.nk, S-5 »o $4n tnd found. Hnd OthrrS-
J. r. CnOSI-TTT 4: CO.. <CS Sacramento tt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montcotner}'. K- 12.
. Bar porter, country fcotel, f25.
HELP WAVTED MALR— Cnn«fnno<l.
MURRAY~X~READ Y. f^CuTcia y et.
Phone Main T..S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
IVuSwre cavt 1U{>i we nope t0
CO.OUi men work. increase UU.OOO.
WE SHIP TO-DAY
ri , . . r «ESCOTT.°7RizONA.
oiiy labcrrrs for general work steady work.
VIA SANTA FE R. R.
ARIZONA.
S»10 miles. Clope to Prescott. f3 10.
TEAMSTERS — NEVADA*— TEAMSTERS
_ 23 Teamsters I
for Ooverr.mcnt work In Nevada. 8 hours a
day. wages JCO.
FAKE PAID TO SHIP TO-NIGHT
TO NEVADA.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hiarksmith for mine, no shooing, $3 50 day;
S-S? car P«'nter..cliy. 50 day; milker, city
tn^'v-, " n(i f0Und; clerk - delicatessen
«o.r. j.,,0: nurse, country hospital. $30 & fd.
Mnia maker, terra ootta v.orks=, near city.
aT . ■?** trimmer. OU1 Mexico. Iree fare.
i>utcher. country shov. south. ?40 found
0111110 "- 8eC Parly here '
56 m " kCri nOrth * f " r- Pald - ?35
S "«id.%o F and.^un e d. niilker - C0U * tr7 ' far6
Gardener boss here, $30 and found.
Married laborers, country.
r WOODCHOPPERS.
.,0 Tvoodchnprers for a new camp, good
| '*™x& sock! timber: Redwood. 80c; i,!ne.
51 -i; hardweod. $1 50. Fof a big lumber
a company. A cood chance to
,„._ MAKE BIG WAGES.
MLRKAY & READY. 631-«3U Clay Et.
WANTED— For U. S. anny. able-bodied tin-
inarried men. between ages of 21 and 33-
citizens of United States, cf good character
ar.d temperate liabits. who can Fpeak read
and write English. For information apply to
Recruiting Ojflcer, Rialto building. New
Montgomery et.. San Francisco, or 102S Sec-
end «t-. Sacramccto. Cal.
A— ~Z ~~~ £ "
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and *ecurf good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER Syttem
College. C3 Clay «t. ,
CASH boys. 10 to 15 years old; only applicants
with good written references will be consid-
ered: call Saturday. February 13 between
8 and » a. tn. SHREVE & CO.." Post and
Market sts.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes halt-
eoled when you can get it done for 25c 50c
and COc while you wait at 5C3 Mission' St..
bet. 1st and ti sU.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — A partner, $250, that can cook In
good paying chophouse; trial given. Box
2045. Call office. »
FIRST-CLASS muffin baker. Apply, 9 a. m.
to 32 m.. ti Eddy st.. room 46.
FEEDER — Prouty press. EDWARD- S.
KNOWLES. 24 Second st.
GOOD errand boy wanted. .MARTIN BROS .
17 Stockton st.
BARBER for Friday afternoon and Saturday.
Call after 8 o'clock. C23 Clay st.
A STEADY, sober, experienced cook; married
man preferred. Apply M» Mission St.
WANTED— Dlshwao her. 20 Sacramento st.
YOUNG men for seamen for Australia In sail-
Ing ships at 26 Steuart Ft.
BOAT Painter. 618 Third st.
BAR HER shop for Bale; a bargain. STOLTZ.
723 Market tt,
BARBER jhop for sale; 3 chair* Heady; 4 Sat-
urday end Sunday. 137 Sixth st.
BARHHR shop for sale; 3 chairs steady, 4
Saturday and Sunday. 137 Sixth «.
WANTED— First c lass Job pressman for plat-
en presses. Steady employment for good
man. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741-
745 Market «t.
WANTED — Job compositor for all-around
work: ["rrninent poeltion to good hand. Ap-
I.ly HANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741-745 Mar-
ket i-r.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; easy proposition to
, place; lnve»tig«te. Royal Mercantile Co..
suite 19. Columbian bldg.. or 952 Broadway,
Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 50 j.<-r pair, foot-form shoes at (2 50 or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoe* on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam, bldg., S doors from Market.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years cf age. of good
character, to Join a social military organiza-
tion. S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia at.; call
between C and a p. m.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
thst l'.'l Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added lfO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.: 210 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade. Call or address WESTERN COL-
LEGE OF BARKERS. 047 Commercial st..
San Francisco.
FOR SALE, cheap. 2 barber chairs. 2 mirrors
and pole. Apply 34tS>s Seventh «t., corner
Harrison.
TRY cur men's choes. union made, at 91 and
$1 CO pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d *t.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice; references from thousand* «;f
persons for whom I have secured penslocs.
WANTED — Apprentice boy. over 14 years, to
learn painting trade.' 418<4 Post st.
WANTED— A boy about 14 years. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. cor. Powell and Eddy sts.
BARBER shop In hotel; 3 cha'rs. 1 Franklin
et.. cor. Market; sacrifice. '
2-CHAIR barber shop: will sell cheap; going
EaM. Address box 241. Lodl. Cal. .
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILOR? and ordinary seamen for deep-water
thlps. Apply DENTS place. 26 Stcuart »t.
WANTED — A firnt -class carriage blacksmith at
good wages. .Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomaa Post. <3-A-R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third sL, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
r.f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened ot 300S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, fllghtly damaged, half
price. CC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *hoe* half soled while waiting; 25e
to 60o. D«3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d stw.
h"o^s"e*s~axp~wagoxs".
FOR nU Bit second-hand express wagons
and two trucks. 233 Reale st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
* and go-cart for gale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Largest aarortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd.sur-
r*-y.harnt.»«'.work.drivlng horses. JStb- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET . ,
A^^m^T^1[rnsrof"^ouee"s7o "lVt7"wnTforclr^
cular. G.H. UMBSEN it CO.. 20 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
UOLSES FIIIMSHED FOR SALE.
tt^O; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
S-roorcud house; new furniture, loot) Sut-
ter «t.
HOUSES WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE married couple desire 7 or 10
room hou*e; furnished, modern: no children;
location Panhandle district; reference If re-
quired; state rent. AddreM box 2042. Call.
rXVESTMEXTS.
EONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
AH dividend-paying aecuritles for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
" LOST AND FOU.\D.
150 REWARD for return of gold watch; extra
thin, open face, plain case; Patek Philippe
A.- Co.. Nc. 1224C2, on movement; lost Mon-
day night bet. Jones and Montgomery sts.
Room 231. Crocker building.
LOgT— Party returning small package acci-
dentally! left by me at 'P. O. ' Station K
Tuesday afternoon will be rewarded. ED-
! WARD JL HURLHUT, 1210 Masonic ave.. or
Chronicle local room.
•fjOPT Feb. 11. on McAlllster-st. car oa Mar-
lict st lady's gold watch with pin attach-
ment; monogram "A. G." Reward. 3461
nineteenth «t.
wrTrEVVARP — Silk umbrella; crook handle.
nrndV of gun metal; E. H. engraved on han-
dle; keepsake Return to Palace of Art. 10
Pt*t ct.
wi^crllnrown cigar case. Inscribed "Josephine
to Rlcnard-Cnri«tmas, ijk«." 7i(J Castro
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CAIX FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1904.
1 ,OST AND FOUND Contlnne;!.
LOST— Vicinity Geary and Broderick sts., silver
medal, initials S. D. v C. Return 171S Baker
Et.; reward.
LOST— February «. gold locket, engraved W.
M. W., picture inside. Liberal reward return
to ISIS Lafayette Ft.. Alameda. .
PURSE — Owner can have *ame by proving
property and paying expenses. Apply 30
Stockton st.
STRAYED — From 2525 Van Ncfs ave.. brlndle
Boston terrier: Please return; liberal reward.
LOST — Gold ipectsrcUt and case. bet. St. Paul's
Church tnd residence. 4120 2Cth st. ; reward. [
: FOUND— Watch and chain. Call at mail or-
dcr dept..' tfmporhim. W. B. WEISMANN.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYET1I. specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S2(l Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and. Irregularities; Instant re-
llof guaranteed. lOOS'.i Market st.. opp. 6th.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or.
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market et.
CATARRH. DFAFNESS and NOISES? In EARS
positively ■ cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter Ht.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van NeM— Expert
In obstetric?, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment M0; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
DR. WEPTOX- Pro-.7i;>t relief for. ladles: cpn-
Fult him free. 205 Kearny st.: teL Main 4S1.
DR. ROSEtx resides 2905 Folsom St.. cornfcr
26th; laa'.f-F. relief or ho fee;- $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 019 Powell St.. opposite
Union squpre; all diseases cured by herbs. ■
. MINES AND MINING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
. owns one of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, baB placed on the market 20,000 shares
of its stock at 25c a share. ■ the par value
being $1, Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent, min-
ing expert, is in charge of the work and re-
port* that the richness of the mine Is gaining
' rapidly as the work advances; thin stock will
gc to $2 a fhare within the next 12 months;
(interested parties can «ce the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
■ fiscal agents, -. , •
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market et. -
WE loan money on mining stocks — Therefore, If
• you- wish "to buy a good dividend stock at 20
- to 40 per cent of actual value, write us at
: i nee, naming the stock you want: mining peo-
. pie everywhere g e ( money of- us and often
lose their stock; we have several splendid
bargains to offer: let us prove It. MOODY &
CO.. 123 South Broadway. Los Angeles. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOfil & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~~
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
.needs no painting or coating; good over old
1 iron, tin nr shingles; best for new mofs.
ELATERITE ROOF1NO CO.., 713 Market st.
SD-IIAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
l>ull«*ys, .-shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, ■ uuld,
rented ami exchanged; nee Sunday papers.
H. B. WHITE MCI1Y. CO., 130-188 Beale st.
A— FINE «ults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing- Parlor?, 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 1) p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, on-
fcine* boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
<-tc. WHITKLAW. :.V)-SM Spear Ht.
A FINE selection . of trunks, suit cases and
tuilur-made suits sold on small wr.-kly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used. Bold ot cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
nent fr«*e. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 50*.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny at. , near
l'jne; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
FOR sale, to be removed; 7«2 Ellis St.. bet.
I.:iil.l:i and Polk; make offer. Apply MADI-
BON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery et.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 •'•<! ct.. Exam, bid,; catalog free.
.':'..• ROLL and up: fine wall paper; sample*
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IOAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holfteln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
&TOCK YAHD. San Bruno road.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
DESKS bought, sold ami exchanced. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bu«h 4«7.
MILES of pipe and fittings; al! sizes. EU-
GENE BJLET & SONS, 100 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Heck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines oh^ap; Chlcagoojt, Twentieth
Centuries. 1'ueks. BACIGALUPI. i»3:j Market.
DESKS and pafes; see thi> complete line at 1816
Markc-t, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery Ft.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post Pt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies* , moving
picture machines, filme. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgy.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A pair of ferrets. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 33* Sutler st.
WANTED — IJIg fireproof safe; state size, make
and price. Address box 2033. Call office.
LARGE Fecond-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. S40 Market St.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN ~MURPHY~
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Kstates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests m property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage. 'on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. ■
Box 408. Call offlce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-.
• chants, teamsters, boarding houees, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, co publicity ;$2,1 up;qulck,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, mi. 7,
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant av«.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO, $10.000.
NEW- easy method — To wage-earners on untn-
dorzed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO ealarled people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted
EONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.'
ANY sum on furniture or pianos: no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market tt.. room CR.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 703 Market St., room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building, 70S Market st. '
' MONEY TO LOAN- — ContlnntMl.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R. 311, Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned ealarled people on notes without
tndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $10,000 on good realty; no agents.
Box 2040. Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Stelnway, Haines
Bros..- Knabe, Baus, Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 10 OTar-
rell et.; np branches in San Francisco.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage oft purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b>; sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage. 1630 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright* pianos; new and
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
■ 403 Market si., second, floor.
GOOD tone; square Grand piano; $C0. 1223
. Filbert st.
NEW pianos <so]d on ?5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary et. ■ •
$.05— UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUN'O BROS.. 210 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
p?rfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOIIMKR; Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllam piano
pjayer... "BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Pott St.
Sl'PERIOR violins, zithers, old- and new. ill
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND .STORES TO LET.
DESK ani storage room j to let cheap. 161
' New Montgomery st. . *--... ■•
UNFURNISHED' rooms and offices to rent.
»-. Apply 140 Geary 9t.. opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS.
, THE Star Hair Remedy* restores gray hair, lm-
; . proves Its growth. stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; ; no - stain or ■ stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor- and electric baths; face
'vibrating machine for rheumatism; genulns
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
NOT how cheap but bow, good Is the motto of
the- manufacturers of the Rapid' Rotary
Standard, the sewing machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at. .
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrsss Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
comtr Sutter >st. : fee moderate.
ATTORNEY or persons who have papers con-
cerning Harry Tallman please communicate
with 1. T., 012 Minna st., city.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
ph»p3 positively cured by Willow Hark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation , tree; call or write.
' HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemi.«hes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROl'ME. 2.'<1 Post, parlors 13 and 14
M. ELLA HARRIS, the »kln specialist", shows
the work that I* the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7SI O'Farrell.
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
'9U7 Market *t.. room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousens at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st., near
Uth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. -W. SPARROW, Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st.. has moved to 218 Post st.
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 309 Sut-
ler, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 2.T3 Geary, room 33.
Bon Marche Paat» Co. > SDeclal $5 pant"? to or-
der. Rooms 14 &.16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE costumes.^ play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gra/
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 1U pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PALJglftTKY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and attrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1; open Tuesday evg. also. 13» Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSE1XI. scientific palmist, 615
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 501.
ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting,
Hartrnann Paint Co., 31 tt Third; tel.Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021 Va Market st., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to'diaeases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073K, Market nt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 007 Geary st., near I<eavenworth.
DR. TONG PO Clir, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
* by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easeg cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
_^STjOJlA^E^^AND^\V A R EJIO U S E S .
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture",
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East l_'0.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: 840
Mission St.; tcl. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC -Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
6t. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPnWRITERa AXD JUPPUES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. "l
Smith Premier, $25; other typeswriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 530 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
f gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter In«pec. Co., 508 Market.
——————— _
WANTED — To lea so for a term of years In
the fast growing city of Hanford, Cal. a
place that is unsurpassed or even equa'ied
in the world for Its grand Irrigation system
and its diversities of all kinds of products
and fine fruit, ' In the brick block Just oppo-
site the Hotel Artesla, which Is full and run-
ning over most all the time, a new, elegantly
finished 50-room hotel,' lodging or private
boarding house, with all the very latest Im-
proved plumbing; fine suites with baths, mar-
ble washstands, hot and cold artesian water in
every room, electricity and gaB to heat and
.cook with: one of the best chances In the
Etate to make good money; can be filled In
less than ten days with monthly . boarders
with good party. Come aee or write me
quick, as I want to rent. JOE D. B1DDI.E.
Owner. - - ,
_ TTTBF. ■
" WHO SHO WEeTtHE wXnt AD MAN?
THE EXPERT REGISTERED HORSEMAN.
- AT 114 ELLIS ST. .
J. S» C. was interviewed Tuesday, Feb. 9th
by the want ad man. who, like the MIssouri-
an. had to bo showed, regarding- his skill in
placing tlie winners .of • the day's races. • At
3:10»p. ,m. . report was handed. In. of the last
ot three straight winners — Muresca, Eduard *
and Ulctma. To be shown is to be con-
vinced, so says the Missourian. Certainly
the corcentrative powers of J. 8. C. «re won-
deful.'" There are many who have already
handed In their application to Join - the
HORSEMAN'S CONCENTRATIVE CLASS.
Call and see him. He Is always in and will-
ing tn be of *«n1ce to you. You can Join the
cl«s by callinz ct OFFIC^, 111 ELUS ST.
REAL E^ T Ay.^TT-"!LY^^Jf\. J^ 1 ' 1^
W jT^GUNN^
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
I1.S5O— Union «t.. near Broderlck: sunny sidi.
of the street, with grand marine view;
the last lot on any such terms; fine op-
portunity and easy way to get a choice
lot: $50 first, payment, $30 per month;
the others all sold, and desirable im-
provements to go up Just as soon as the
rainy season Is over; lot ready for build-
ing; cars pass; a good location for two
nice flats; no lots can be purchased In
the W. A. like this on such easy pay-
ments: live in one of the flats and rent
, the other; we can help the buyer to
build In a short timo after a few of
the Installments are paid.
$3.0CO— Lake st. corner; 32:6x100; Just the
corner that a grocery man is looking
for.
$5,000—5 lots; Lake St.: ready for building;
all street work done.
$9.000— A splendid buy for a builder; NW.
corner on Baker st.; 137:6x137:6; cheap-
est lot In W\ A.: cars pass.
$2, 100-r Webster st. corner: 25x100; very cheap.
$10.OOO-^-Webster st. corner; 110x100; a fine
purchase to Improve with flats: cheap; all
street work done.
$4C0— Choice lot In Richmond; ready for
building; 25x120; adjoining lots held at $800.
\V. J. QUNN.
C30 CALIFORNIA ST.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
» GRAND EXCURSION
AND GALA DAY.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY, Feb. 22, 1904.
CHICO.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
of town lots and property.
In the linmboldt Addition w ihj town ct
Chlco.
$5 40— ROUND TRIP TICKETS— $5 10.
(WITH STANDARD CHAIR CARS.)
Pullmt-Ji cars will be run with the train and
double bertbs can be secured for two nights,
round trip ?3.
Excursion leaves - Market-st. ferry Sunday.
Feb. 21. at 8 o'clock p. m.. arriving at Chlco
Feb. 22 (Washington's birthday) early In the
morning.
All day Monday will be spent In festivities
In Chlco, sale taking place at 1 o'clock at
State Normal School Hall. .Returning train
leaves Chlco Feb. 22. at 10 o'clock p. m.. ar-
riving in San Francisco Tuesday, Feb. 23. at
8 o'clock a. m.
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
Intermediate points gocd on local or excursion
train.
• For further particulars apply.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE Jk CO.. 638 Market st.
$lb00 — PRETTIEST and cheapest cottage home
In San Francisco: 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary washtubs, etc.; lot 30x110; street
work done; electric and steam cars at the
door to all parts of the city and cemeteries.
Re. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean
View.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrecic
' the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner. Mission and Tenth
sts., offlce and yard.
FOR sale— 68 9-12x137:0 on Pacific St., under
• lease; $85 per month ground, rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
$3100 — PLEASANT sunny 7-room house; every-
thing In good order: lot 5Oxl00; large garden;
chicken yard. Apply to owner. 1220 Dolores.
$525 EACH— Two lota. SOx75. on Mission St..
near Bosworth. Apply D. COFFIN. 3303
Mlt-slon- St.. or owner, ;',550 TVenty-thlrd st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
CHEAP; near park: house and corner lot: 9 r..
bath; modern. 800 First ave.. cor. McAllister.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH A- MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard st.
KEA1. KSTATE — Country — For Sale7
___________
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$"0,000^ — Klamath Co*.. Southern Oregon: bor-
dering on Big Klamuth L;iKh; 3000 acres; cut
about 35oQ tons ot hay annually; also large
quantities of grain;, well fenced and cross-
fenced; good S-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; 10 horsts; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,000 — In Sonoma Co.; SIM) acres well fenced
in 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 20O acres tillable; all level; 24
acres S-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogn; farming Implements, etc.; $5000 mort-
gager trade for bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co., on R. R.— 16S0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; 90 head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
»t>500— Sold by order of Superior Court. 10SO
acres, near Point Arena, 200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 600 acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$r<0O0~Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acre?; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3500— Only 2 miles of town. 155 .acres; 10
a< n-s old vineyard; family orchard; tiO acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches: large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $100<> down.
$2500 — 1C0 acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 6-room house; vineyard, orchard,
burn, outbuildings, horses, row, poultry. $200;
job can be had with the place.
$3C0G— One mile P. <>.. schools and stores;
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
hoiiKc. large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fenced; 150 hen*; new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings; furniture.
$l.~.0O — Two and half miles live town and
R. R.; 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek, about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture: houie,
barn, etc.: fine* place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$r.00O— 3 miles of Santa Cruz. 47 acres; IS
under cultivation, balance line pasture: 3O. r i
assorted fruit trees; 15 H) grapes; windmill and
tank; water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid ti-room hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harners; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650—100 acres, S miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation: 13
norm full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow, poultry, tool*.
$3000 — 1C0 cere*, at station and near Santa
Cruz.- :!5 acres clear; orchard: 10-room house;
outbuilding)-: mortgage J2000; trade equity.
$.1500 — Near San .lone, 14 acres bearing fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; build-
ing*.
$■"■250—26 acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
$75Q — Gold mine, with shaft and fine body
of ore In night. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot. .-
$1200 20 acres. n*ar Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; «J acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream: buildings; rich sandy lcam;
easy terms.
$2250— Best equipped poultry farm in th«
State; 12 acre* rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstcga: furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tcoln; all go.
S1P00— Near Sebastopol: 1C acres; orchard,
berrlf-s; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
terms. . _ , . . _ j
sihOO 240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad. 5 'acres
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acn's bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tool*; water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity ?S0O; to exchange.
SO acres; 15 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berries buildings: one mile town; tools; $000.
Send stamp for printed list.
W J WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
40 ACRES level sediment land; unequaled for
berries, potatoes and alfalfa growing: $43
per acre; Y* cash; all water wanted: $1 per
acre per year.
Call or write for full particulars.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40G. Examiner bldg.. San Francisco.
ti — — i — ■ — ■
FOR sale — Ranch of, 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit: near 8. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cmz County, Cal.: price
$.1000: also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postn-.aster. Moss. Cal. .
$10 A MONTH buys n 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA - lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues *ont free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. - - - . • ■ • '
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. »ent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
POINT JR1CHMOXD^IlEAI. KSTATB.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, bhotos. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
~~~ REAL ESTATE WAXTEIK
RANCHES, orchards, city property wanted.
Reddln Inv. Co.. Starr King bid., 121 Geary.
WE want city tract suitable for homes. Red-
- din Invest. Co.. Starr King bid.. 121 Geary.
~PIV' PEXP NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings* Bank
building, '708 Market ■ »t.. ' opposite . Third —
For - the i half . year ending 31st of December,
• 1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) , twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating- certificates,
■ free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2. 1804. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ABD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
ih? town ct
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
A I.W l-'»>\ XXV. M. K«TATE.
NINE-ROOM house; gocd location; to rent or
for sale; also 6-room house; lot 42x150; in
good location: fruit trees, etc.; $30C0; bar-
gain. CHARLES ADAMS * CO.. Bay sta-
tion, Alameda; phone Union- 1052.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A HOME in Berkeley; new and up-to-date;
i small cash payments, remainder Installments
less than rent. San Francisco and Suburban ■
Home Building Society. 708 Market st.. San
Francisco. Cal. '
BARGAINS— We buy. sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BKOATJWAT.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP.
$050 cash for a nice 6-room cottage with
bath, etc., in East Oakland; must be sold this
week. Apply to P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 46«
,T<?nth st., Oakland, Cal.
A LOVELY residence In East Oakland at a
bargain." Box 2041, Call offlce.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence of 8 rooms, bath, con-
servatory, lawn, barn, large cement base-
ment: strictly modern. Inquire R. FRANKE.
fXt~ Sycamore st.. near Grove. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW th» daT"ft!r~bargalns In furnl-
ture: H. Schellhaaa.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. 429. near Seventeenth — 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; private entrance; lawn;
yard; no children; $14.
DB NORMANDY. C05 Post— Nicely furn. rms.,
$2 week up; also hskpg. $4 to $7 a. week.
ELLIS. 685 — Sunny suite of two rooms for
housekeeping; running water, gas range; $«(>.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping .privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HOWARD. "19K — Housekeeping rDoms; re-
spectable; no transient.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-rootn suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
LARKIN, S17',4 — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed: gas stove; reasonable. i
SIXTH ave., 7(!0— $10; 3 unfurn. rooms for
housekeeping; on O. G. Park, near Chutes.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— Two sunny, furnished
housekeeping rms. in warm belt Mission; $12.
VAN NESS. 1008 — Large • funny • furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges if desired;
good board in Immediate vicinity.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at loos Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
APAETMENT HOUSES.
GLENDORE^New apartments on Pine St..
east of Van Ness ave.: 5 and 6 rooms each.'
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas Btoves' »nd hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and te*te and are
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elpgantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
APOLLO Apartments, 520 Eddy— Handsomely
furnished sunny 2 and 3 room apts. ; every
modern convenience ; reasonable; central.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine vfew; now open; references.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk — Modern housekpg apart-
ment?, 3, 4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurn.
" HADDON HALL. ~
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room cutslde:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 CO per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house- la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 878 Market St. (or No. I
, Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1564)— Fur-
r. I sheil rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The), 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: deMrably locatfd; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private bath*, hot and cola
water, ateam heat, electric lights, phone
every room; elevator: breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 239 Powell, cor. Geary-
Sunny suites and offices ; also single rooms.
ELLIS. 6ST — Sunny room; bay-window; nicely
furnished: suitable for two gentlemen; $20.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 5O to $6 wk; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely furn.
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
LAGUNA, 1511. cor. Geary — Front suite; newly
furnished; modern flat; every convenience;
private family of 2; phone Geary 40S2.
MCALLISTER. 1144. near Fillmore — Furnished
sunny room for gentleman; phone Page 2241.
MISSION, S37A— Furnlnhed rooms by the day.
week or month; prices reasonable.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 5O; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on grifund
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SIXTH, Gt3 — I have a very fine, large room In
rear; $7 a month.
SOUTH PARK. 126— Two furnished rooms to
let.
SUTTER, 967 — Crystal House — Elegant rooms:
board If wanted: reasonable: respectable.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $a week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every*
room: elevator, read. -room: free bus;baggage.
VALLEJO. 1251— Front bay-window room In
new flat: ga» and bath; $». - s
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlce or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 70O rooms;
- 35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— EleetTiic light in
every room; 15c to $1 & night; 75c to $5 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan tt Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market at., opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m. ■ ■
_ ROOMS AND BOARD. ~~~
977 Pine, nr. Taylor; elrgantly furnished
suites: private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. "
1015 VAX NESS AVE. NEAR GEARY 3T.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
*■ new chefs; colored service; table specialty*.
O'FARRELL. 308— Furnished rooms; born*
. cooking: German family, $0 per week.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED — A suite of rooms- with board for
man and wife. In a first-class hotel or
boarding-house north qf Market st, oa or
. mar a car line: state rates, \ddress box
181. Call office.. .
A GENTLEMAN wishes board and room near
center of city; price not over $25 per month;
have first-class references. - Address box 129.
- Call offlce. . . .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANT 3 unfurnished rooms south of Market
Et.; reasonable. Bex 203S, Call otflac
I SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— See our new trlpie-feert ma-
chine* : slightly used: $H>, SIR. $20; second-
hand, $."«. J.\ $.M; all styles; guarantee/]. 'New
Home £?wtng Machine Co.. 1U51 Market st.
$16 E0 — NEW Improved drop-head nickel-flnlsh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2>1-hand sewing nmcnlnes
$2 SO. $3. $4. 143 Hth St.: tel. Jessie Ul:>6.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Nesa-Market— Cure
In every case: lniliviUu&l teaching: no me«li-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cut a
MARltlAGE UCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Christopher L. Vucanovich. 42. . Acapuleo,
Mexico, and Elleaa Vucanovich. 37. 170O Lar-
kin jrtrcet
Joha W. Nourse. 50. 1UJ7 Market street, and
Selena Smith. .TT.^Ity.
Gaetano Guidnttr. 21. Collinsvllle. and Mada-
lena Marcelli. IS. CoUlnsvllle.
Joao Sllvelra. .TJ. B3 Jackscn street, and
Maria do Rozarlo. 10. •;.". Jackson afreet.
Lorenzo Giannlnl. 31, Healdsbursr, and An-
gela Freguglia. 32. Heald.«burg. s
Nels3n Urxllke. 21. 17S1 Mission street, and
; Kate Cummlnss. 21, "12 Valencia street.
Nicola Faiuruinetl. 32. 0 Vincent street, and
Virginia Canale. 2£. SXIH I'nlon street.
Rudolph Bueina. 2C. 42M Teharna street, and
; Mafj- Maloney. IS. 42H TVhasna xtreet.
Phillip !*<-hefsk.v. 2J«. 5 Morris avenue, and
Sarah Katner. tt, 5 Morris av»nue.
John B. Thorson. 42. Elgin, Ore., and Stella
Weatherby. .".0, Jrse^h. Ore.
Domlnlco Rossi. 33. 1710 Dunont street, and
CelesMna Montevet.le. 22. 54'.> Chestnut street.
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEAM
Birth, marriage a"d death nct!ces sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They roust b» handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply ta the annouooemtnt
of the event are published once in tn;j column
fre« of charge.
BORX.
DEMARTINI— In this rity. February ». 1004,
to the wife of Charles D-rmartinl. a s»m.
MARRIED.
BROWN— HUBBARD— In this cltr. February
10. 1004. bv the Rev. William N. Meserve.
James C. Brown ami Hattle 1^ Hubbard,
both of French Gulch. Shasta County, Cal.
MADISON— ARMSTRONG— In this city. Feb-
ruary 10. 1004. by the Rev. Jay William
Hudson, at the Second Unitarian Church.
Harry Abel Madlacn and May Wallace Arm-"
strong, both of San Francisco.
mi:i>.
Arnhelm. Hattie Jews. Chartf*
Clark. Edward Johnson, Mary L.
. Copeland. Wm. W. I^vrt.». Robert J.
Craig. William AtcGowan. Sarah
IX^igall. Kuphomia Metlus. Dora
Fell. Lillian llooney, ;jr». H.
Fitsferalil. Johanna Moore. Janw«
Forbes. William H. Muller, Hoy G.
Frost. Floyd F. Novak. Dora Ellen
liaylanl. Christopher O'Reilly, Maurice
(jlimour. Itlrfianl «». OnaOnt; Lizzie
Goodrich. Elliott D. Parrl-«h. Ijiura O.
Gopcevlc. Harry A. l'«.pe. Emily F.
■ I* Fli;ycl Sevenau. Ernest
Gret-niaw. Mfrvyn B. Stfiner. FeMx
CJroom. Ror°r Stortr. Maggie
Haider. Rk-hard Wal?h. I-lzzl-
Hathorn. Georgia A. Warrep. T^o«. H.«
Hohn. J. L. Wilkinson. Mary A.
Hubbert, Willis H. Williams. Jane
ARNIIEIM— In tM« rltv. February 10. 1304.
Ha(tle. beloved wife of tiustave Arnheim.
find beloved mother of Mabel Savage, a na-
tive of BoSton, air»d 43 yeara.
t7Rrmain> at the mortuary chapel of
• he (loidvn <!at» Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
CLARK— In Niles. A!amei!a County. Ca!.. Feb-
ruary 11, l!XM. Edward, beloved husband of
Eler.nore Clark, and father of Frank E..
Ma».-I 8.. Jamei W. ami K.!.i E. Clark and
Mrs. L. t« lirown. a native uf England,
aged T:» years and 13 days'.
COPELANI>— In this rity. February S». 1(HM.
William W. Copeland. aun of the late Hiram
A. CopelanU and Mrs. Elizabeth Copeland
Easton, a native of Mi!--suuri. ageit &; year*.
, CRAIG— In East Oakland. February 10. 1!KV|.
William, son of John Craig and the late
Almlra Craig, and brother of Charles H. and
Alexander E. Craig and the late John Oat*
Jr.. Mm. W. R. Stephen*. Mm J. U Tborj>
-and Mra. Charles Lubrke. a native of Sara
Kranclsco. Cal.. aged ltt years I month and
21 days.
CjTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
DOUOALL— In th!» city. February 10. 1SO4.
Enphemla Uourall. beloved mother of Mm.
I. ('.-.Ids. n native cf Scotland. ac»d *7
yearn it> months and •'. rfav».
■ E7Frlen<l!« and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvlteJ to attend the funeral services
to-morrow < Saturday), at 1" u'clork. at th«
residence of Her daughter. Will Webster
street. Interment private.
FELL— In th'.» rity. February 11. 1D(V4,
Lillian, beloved and only daughter of Val-
entine J. and Llllle Fell, and sister of Walter
Fell, a native of San Kr&S':i.*ro, aged 1
month and is days.
FITZGERALD — In .thl* rity. February 11.
1!mv*. Johanna Fiiz?e r aIJ. a native of Man-
ister. County Limerick. Ireland, aged SO
years.
(ET Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
, FORBES— Ifl this city. Fehruary 9. 1D04.
William II . beloved husband of Alic* O.
Fortws, a native of New York, axed 43
years. A member of the International Ma-
1 chlntsts* Union, Local No. CS.
CJ'Kriemis and <ir<iualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday, at
10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter
& White. 423 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FROST— In this city. February 11. 1904.
Floyd F.. beloved son of Fred and Johanna
Frost, and brother of Frederick F.. Fanned
F., Frlti F.. Phillip F. and Felix F. Froat.
a native of St. Paul, Minn.. a«red 7 months
and IS day's.
GAYLARD— In this rltv, February 10. 1904.
Christopher Gaylard. a native of Somerset-
shire. England, aged 5» years ."> months and
17 days*. (Toronto, Canada, papers pleas'*
copy.)
CJ'Frlends and acquaintances and officers '
and member* of Pickwick Lodge No. 259.
Sons of St. George, are rescectfully Invited
to attend the funeral services Sunday, Feb-
ruary 14. at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of the
Western Addition Funeral Directors, 1724
Pevlsadero street, between Putter and Bush. '
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GILMOUR— In'thls city. February 10. 10<M.
Richard O.. beloved son of George D. and
Margaret Gllmour, and brother of Robert
C. and G»orjre R. Gilmour. a native of Saa '
Francisco, aged 4 months and 22 days.
C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the oarents. 231 Langton street, between
Harrison and Bryant, thene* to Third and
Townsend- streets by 11:80 o'clock train.
Interment private. CvDre.'s Uwn Cemetery.
GOODRICH — Entered Into re»t. In this city.
February 10. 1904. Elliott D.. beloved hus-
band of Alvina L. Goodrich, a native of New
York. (New York and Los Angeles paper*
please copy.) a
E^Funeral urivate. Please omit flowers.
GOPCEVIC— In this city. February" 11. 1904.
Harry A. L. Floyd, belovfd wife of M. M.
Gopcevlc. and daughter of the late Captain
j Richard S. and Cora Lyons Floyd, a native of
San Francisco, Cal., axed 31 years 1 montli
and 13 days.
E7"Frtend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to* attend the funeral services
Saturday, at 9:15 o'clock, at .Trinity
Cathedral of the Holy Orthodox Church, on
Powell street, near Filbert. ' Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
GREENLAW — In this city, February 10. 19<>4.
Mervynn D.. darling and only child of
Thomas J. and Jennie T. GreeniRw. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 months and
20 days.
CrTlm funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the resMenc*
of his parents. 134S Kentucky street. Inter-
ment private.
GROOM— In this city. February 11. 10»>4.
Roger, beloved husband of Elizabeth Groom.
deceased, and beloved father of J. J. and J.
P. Groom. Mrs. L. Turner. Mrs. Frank
Kmg, Mra. George Center. Colletta Groom
and Mrs. A. Cock, deceased, a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
HALDER— In this city. February 11. UHM.
Richard, beloved hunband of Heleae Haldfr.
and brother of Antonia Stamm. a native of
■ Germany, ared 4<> yeara . U months and 0 days.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
Continued on Page Fourteen.
nENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannaran A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
■
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
■ Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 1ST.
Betwten Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Flneat Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES MeGIXN A CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bra*..
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st.: TeL South 576.
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From rage Thirteen.
fullv lnvl'ed to attend the funeral Sunday.
!>"«£? H at 1 o'clock from the under-
taking parlors cr Claris J. ■ M'tJf . £•«
Warhlnston «tr«>t. thence to Druid Hal. 41.J
<u:ter street, where the services will J*
,Hd conScInt -t 2 o'clock under the
. :.Uf pices of North Beach I-*^* 0 ' *• °.;_?-
H. H.. an<l Knights cf the Royal Arch, cre-
mation Odd Fellow*' Cemetery.
HATHORN-In Phoenix, Ariz., 9.
V.m. Georgia Adelaide beloved *;«£«£ «" £ h
I. Hatbom, and mother of X\ llliam Ken-
.!all a«d Ralph nillott »«t h "™t_ •"*
.lauphter-in-iaw cf Mr. and Mr?, t. VTortn.
a native of Maine, atrcd 31 years.
(rrFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
'uUv 'nvlted to attend the funeral Saturday.
February 13. ct 1 :'M o'clock, from t lie mor- |
: iary chai>el «,r the Golden Gate Lndertak- I
i-.g Company. 2475 Mission street, near
'i "wcnty-flrFt. Interment orivate.
HOHX-Ia Stockton. Februarj' >». J *^*' J - J"
Hohn. ten of John H. »nd lxiusie Friedericke
Holm, and brother of Mrs. F. Clodius and
<;crtav. Fritz and August Ilohn, aged -*
yecrs. A
Hl'BDEnT— In this city. February 10, 1304.
Will's IT Ixloved sun of Sarah end . John
Hubbert. and brother cf Wallace. Nat and •
Walter Hubbfrt and Mit». SI. D. Herndon, a
native of Kansas, aged 44 years. ;
t^Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect- j
fullv Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
February It, i:»04. at IO o'clock, from the j
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Ccmt.any. 247."i Mission street, near
Twenty-fir*:. .Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery. '
JOHNSON— In this city, February 10. 1904. j
Mary Louise Johnson <nee Comalch). tje-
loved wife of Walter I. Jobni=on. and beloved ]
daughter of M. ("omalrh and the Ial" Elli-
Bb.Hi Coma'rh. end *'.Fter of ftvorge. Frank,
Martin. Nichoias end Nellie Ccmaich, a na- j
live of San Francisco.
t7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atund the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at »::50 o" clock, from her late i
reyld'-ncv, t»1« Bryant street, jhenc-* to t^t.
Joseph's OuuCfc. where «en-ice» will b« I
h"ld at IO o'clock. In;ernwnt Holy Crops ,
" <"orti' tery.
JOXES— In this city. February 10. 1904,
Cfaarita Jone*. »>elo\*il father of Charles
Jone*, and snn cf Ar.na IVrrian. and brother
of Mm E. IV Tbr.ir.3F. Mrs. Robert Wll-
liairc and William S. J.ine*. a native of
Francisco, ated 4S y^arx and 10 months.
CTFrien^s rr.d acqualntanceti are rrspect-
fuily Invited to attfiiJ the f-jneral service*
Sunday. February 14. at 1 o'clock, at hi*
iste refidrnce. s:!C Filbert street. het«'e«n
Mason and Taylor. Interment Mount Olivel
< 'em tery.
LEWIS— In thin citv. February 11. 1?>W. Rob-
ert Jefffr*. beloved hu^hatld of Mollle Lewis,
ard loving father of Mrt>. <_'arl F. Jacobson. ]
a natHf «>f Canada, aged C5 years 10 months
and is* day*.
CTKr>r.df= and acquaintir.res are respect-
fully invited !■> alt«-nd the funeral services
Sunday. February 14. at 1 :30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 5«9A Seventh Ftreet. t.etwef-n
hrj'atit and Brannan. Interment Cypress
I^i m Cen-.rtery. by carriaee.
Xli-GOWAN- In this city, February 9. l»O4,
Faraii. beloved wif* of Michael McGowan.
and defer mother of Mta. «.'. T. Re*ve and
Margaret Mc<Jo»ran. n native of Ireland,
aped «;s years and II tr.oml;s.
(TTTrijnJs and acquaintance* are refp»ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• TriJay). at P:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 1 - I.#wia street, thence to t-t. j
Mar\> «'a:hedra!. where a requiem high j
rr.ars will b» oelebrated fur the repose of* her
Foul at » o'clock. lntenr-ent Holy Cross
Cemcteo'.
2SKTJVS — In this city. February 10. 1904.
Dora, dearly b'loved wife of Charles Ifetlaa,
a native of Holstein. Germany, a^ed 47
years 3 montbs and 17 day*.
EXFriends and acquaintajites are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mcrrow
(Saturdays. February 13. at 11 o'clock, from
' the parlors of H. F. t^uhr <- Co.. 1K<7 Mis-
vtaa etrret. between Seventh and Kighih .
l»lerroeni Odd Fellows' Cem»ter>-.
JIOOXET — An amversary mass will lie cele-
firated for the reDORe of the i»oul of Mrs.
Harteoat Moon»y inee Keane). at St. Peter's i
t'hurch, Tw<-nty-fourth and Alabama utreeu.
to-morrow (Saturday), at !> o'clock. Friends
ai-e invited.
"MOORE — At Ross. Msrin County. February 1<». '
l'.**4. James, beloved husband of Frances ,
Acnes Moore. a native of Ballyniun-y, '
County Antrim. Ireland.
Cy Funeral services will be heM at Pan
Atiflmo Chapel. Ross station. Friday, at
12:"j o'clock. Intermtnt private.
MI'LLER— In this city. February 10. 1904.
Roy G.. beloved and only son of George A.
ar.d Mary A. Muller. and brother of Maud
and Grace Muller. a native of Kan Fmn-
cisco. aged 2 years 5 months and 11 days.
CTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral service* to-day (Fri-
day), at 1 :30 o'clock, at the residence of
liis parents. 224N Mission street, between
Ktehteenth and Nineteenth, thence by elec-
tric funeral car from Klsrhternth and Guer-
rero street*. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
JCOVAK — In this city. February II, T.MV4.
Dora Ell^n Novak, Iwluved wife of J. P.
Novak, and mother of K. U. and Rach«-1
Novak, a native of Charlottetown, aged ."&
><-ar« 0 months and 11 days.
E7Fri>-n<Jn and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the Juneral Fervic«-»
to-morrow «Saturdayj Ft-br-ary 13. at 12
o'clock. «t th» •'Jiurch of tii^ Seventh-Day
Advontisn*. Jjcuna Ftreet. near McAl-
lister. Rrmains at the i.. t i'. r.- of Janipi<
linsan A- Co.. 445 Va!en< ia street. Intertnent
Mount Olivet •Vmet«y.
O'REILLY— In tMs city. February 11, l'Jrt4.
Maurice O'Reilly, a native of Ireland, aged
?■<> year-:.
OPMONT— In this rity, Februarj' 1«. lftP4.
I.irzic. betorej mttm of Henry C. Ormont.
nnd mother of Kdna tj^niont, a native of
IVnnyyl-ian'.a. ac«-d 47 ytar».
t-f Friends and arquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday). «t S:.'«> o'ciork. from her late resl-
• dence. :;C2 Fell »trect. thence to Sacred
Heart .Churrh. where a requiem hlsh noaFS
will b* celebrated fcr the rej>c««- of her *oul.
' lommMicIng at » o'clock. Interment Holy
•'ro5s Cemetf-ry. by electric car from Eight-
ieth and Guerrero streets.
PARRISH— In this city. February 10. I9ft4.
: :■■■■;, O. Parrish. iK-lovtd mother of Fred-
erick A. and Charles C. 1'arrish and Mrs.
Florence A. Walker, and sister-in-law of
Thankrul U. IJttle. a native of Buffalo, N.
V-. aired VH years & months and 3 days.
ITP'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• "Friday), at lu o'clock, from the iiarlurg of
Jame* liaran. 415 Vaienf-ia street, lnttrr-
ment <"ypre?s Lawn Cemetery.
POPE— Entered Irito r«-Ft, In th!» city, Febru-
ary 11. 1IMM. Emily F.. widow of' the lat«
Andrew J. J'oik>, a native of Ka*t Machlaf,
Maine.
SEVENA1* — In this city. Februarj- II. 1904,
Ernest Sevtnau. l<eloved husband of Marie
Hcvcnau. and father of I>t«?n e and Ernest
Bcvcuao, a native cf France, aged 4ft jfars
I ipimth and 4 days. A member of Court
El Dorado No. Cl, Foresters of America.
ETEINER— In thi» rity. February 11, 1904.
Felix, beloved father of John Steincr and
Mrs. Mary Louise VVooif, lat* of Elmhurst.
« al.. a native cf Uern, Switzerland, ag-ed
~H jean«.
STORM— In this rity. February 11, iflOl
Mapgie, beloved wife of James C. Storm,
and mother of Elmer Ftorm, and daughter
.if Kate Mlskell j,nd the late Lawrence
MiFkeil. and Finer of William and Frank
Mitkell. Mrs. JI. Scrulne and the late Eliz-
abeth O'Brien, n native of New York, aged
2*i years :i months end 7 days. (New York
j>ajrf>rn rlcase copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at h:ZO o'clock, from her late
residence. 12.":! Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's <7iurch. wher« a requiem high mass
vill be celebrated for the rrpos- of her soul,
fommencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, Februarj' 11. 1904.
Llxne. dearly beloved daughter of Margaret
«nd the lat-; Thoroa* Walsh, and sister of
Katie Walsh, and the late Maggie Walsh
and Mrs. C. Pri's, a native of Kan Francisco.
"WARREN— In this city, February 9, 1904.
Thomas H. Warren, a native of California
aged 35 years H months and 2 days.
E^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate cvenue.
Interment Cypreee Lawn Cemcterj'.
WILKINSON— In this city. February 10 1304
Mary Ann Wilkinson, beloved wife of the
lat« P. C. Wilkinson, a native cf Maine
aged 70 year*.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services,
Friday. February I?, at 1 o'clock, at the
n.ortuary chaptt of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Comrapy. 24S3 Mission «tr«et, near
Twenty-first. luterment Cypres* Lawn Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 1 :30 o'ciock.
WILLIAMS— In this city. February 10, pjoi.
.Ian*, dearlv beloved mother of Thomas H
H. G. and A. E. Willismr. Mrs. F. C Cerl
<lan and Mrc. ti. R. Kingiland, a native oX
London, England, aged t>W yea rr and 3 days.
ETKrit-nds are rtspoctfully Invited to
attend the funeral to-«Jay (Friday), at
II o'clock, from hrr daughter's residence.
2«3 Fair Oaks ttreet. between Twenty-third
and Twenty- fourth. Interment Cypress
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to -exDrew our heartfelt crati-
tude for the extreme rympatby accorded us
in our !ate bereavement in the death of
Sadie K. Luhn ':.<•• Howatt).
JJRK. CATHERINE HOWATT AND
ROBERT Ll'HX. ;^. r -"
FIGHT IN A LODGING-HOUSE.— C. D
Deardoft secured a warrant from Police Judjre
Mogan yesterday fcr the trreist of Jamos T.
Htovall on a charge of batterj'. Deardorff al-
leses that Stovall has been in the habit «.f
torcing his presence upon some of the roomera
at the lodging-house of Mrs. Kinssbury. 10J7
Market etreet. On Wednesday night Mrs.
KingFbury atked Deardorff to eject Stovall and
tfuring- the performance Deardarff was as-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pajpo Fifteen.
California Stock & Oil Ex&hange.
Oil Etocks— Bid. A»ked.
Alma •... '
Apollo 45 ....
Associated Trust Cert 18 20
Artec .'. 82>,
California Standard 12 ....
Caribou 173 1 »0
, Central 1'olnt Con «U ....
Chicago Crude 17 ....
Olaremont 60
' Ksperanca 1 SO ....
Four 70
Kulton 4 00
Glar.t 17
Hanford 143 00
Home 1 22',4 123
Imperial 17 00
I Independence 15 17
Junction ltt
Kern 4 50 4 70
K«rn River 10 ©0 ....
IJon 02
Monarch of Arizona. 38 - 41
Monte Crlsto 75 ....
Occidental of W Va 15
Oil City Petroleum • 31 33
Peerless 13 T.O ....
l*i»tsburg; 22
: Reed Crude 4 CO ....
S F & McKlttrick
San Joaquln O & D 2 00 ....
Senator »""> ....
Sovereign 41
Sterling-.. 2 HO
Superior 05 00
1 Thirty-three ■ C 00 7 00
Toltec 18 20
Tw»-nty-eiRht 4 30
\\>ft Shore
; Afsoelsted Bonds' 6$H
■\Vnbash Oil ..:. 25 50
Miscellaneous — .
Ably ljind & Improvement.. 1 ?.O 1 CO
1 Alpme^.a Sugar ....
American B'seuSt
! Arr.priran District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Eleelrle Corp ••••
California Cotton Mill* ••••
Califon-is .lorkey Club ....
California Shipplnc Co...... T2 M>
Cal Tit!" Ins & Tru«t
Or.tr.ll Hank <>f Oakland 70 00
; chutes Company ....
CypitM Law"h Imp Co C 25 ....
Fiffher's Theater 2 00
Gas Consumers' As*octation. .... 20 00
Honolulu Susar ....
Northern Cal Power » 25 10 00
North Shore Kallroad ....
On>heum Con-pany J<> Ort ....
Vaoifir States Tel & Tel
Parafflne Paint 37 50
San KrajiciFoo Prydock
Sanitary Redaction Works... 2 oo 2 25
SausaHto I*and &■ F'rry ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard EiPttric ....
Toyla Coal Co ....
Truck"*" Ktectric ....
1'nlc.n Fu^ar ••••
l'r:ted G«.s & Eiectrlf ••••
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 nil City Petroleum S3
200 Home, b bO 1 20
Afternoon Se«slon.
2S0O Home 1 20
\ 25 Home . ; 1 25
1000 O'l City Petroleum 32
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following "wer«" the tale? on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 27 300 Mexican 1 45
2l!ft Bullion <M 100 Mexican 140
100 Caledonia ... IK 4<«> Overman .... 24
2<x> Caledonia ... »5 100 Ophir 3 70
4»t Chollar 16 2(K» Potosl 13
.'Sue* Con 1" & Va.l 4.1 4U» Savage :?2
20" Confidence ...1 «^i| 300 Savage 31
2W Con NY 04 1 800 Seg Belcher.. DC
* MX> Crown Point. 19; ."W> Sierra Nev .. 4'.»
5»K» Gould A- Cur. <0] 80O Inion Con .. 11
I Son Hale &. Norc. C5 1 300 Utah 18
: Afternoon Session.
H(>0 Andes 40, lt)0 Mexican 185
2«» lielctier SO 4(«» Ophir 4 .TV
l'(K» ltelcher .'« WH> Potosi 16
| SOU Belcher 32 S00 Savage 4.1
.'KM Caledonia ...I*"' ICO Savag- 41
4<K> Chollar IS KiO Savage 40
j MKi Con C & Va.l 73 1000 Scorpion 03
i t!0O <'<m C & Va.l MM 4(K) Sierra Kev .. «4
BOO Kxohwjuer ... If.! 100 Tnlon Con .. 87
; NH) GouH & Cur. .*.«j 2lK> I'nion Con .. K>
! 4(H» Gould & Cur. 4S 1 fiOO ITtah 20
I 2<xt Justice OillOOO Vtah 1!»
: !<<• Mexican 1 85 j 100 Yellow Jacket 50
' 3«'<t Mexican 1 «O'
|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
FollowInK wrre the Ral»>« on the Pacific
J Stock Kxohanjce yesterday:
Morning Session.
i 200 Andes 28 20<) Mexican 1611
I Z(m Andu :«J 400 Mexican 1 70
I ion Aniiw :f2 10O Mexican 1 W»
i ."aw Andes 33 200 Ophir 3 70
I ]<x) Itek-hrr 28 L*x» Ophir 3 M)
! «(m» Caledonia ... 5*4: 50 Ophir 3 S3
I it 10 Con C & Va.l 45 400 Overman 27
HA Con C & Va.l 5O| UK) Sierra Nev .. 45
! -.'(Kl Con <• & V.I 52 V. 40O Sierra Nev .. 64
! 1'HKl Con C & V.I K2V, UK) I'nion Con .. 79
1 'JU» Con C tc V...1 «5 500 i:tah 20
! 4<iO Con C & V...1 70 2OU Yellow Jacket 45
i loo Mexican 1 50 200 Yellow Jackat 4(J
I 2(K> Mexican ...1 52>i 20<) Yellow Jacket 48
j 2<x» Mexican 1 C5
j Afternoon Seysfon.
I 800 Andes 40' 300 Ophir 4 <0
I 2<Ht Andes I'M SCO Poiosi 15
! 100 Belcher 32 100 Potosi 1G
i m*> CaUdonia ... 091 100 Savage 3$
1 200 Caledonia ...1 OO 2uo Pierra Nev .. «i
! 200 Con C A. Va.l 75 100 Tnion Con .. 85"
! UK) Con C & V.I 72^! 100 Union Con .. Mi
I 200 Kxchequer ... 16 100 I'nion Con .. SO
• 4<t<> Exchequer ... l.'ij 900 Vtah 21
{ 1<K» Gould & Cur. 47 200 Utah 22
j KKi Mexican 1 80 ;
. TONOPAH MINING KXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran-
I Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
' Morning Session.
! TOO Evelyn 25 1000 Rescue 06
j 2<m) Mont Tcn..l 37Va 10O Ton* Midway. 45
. 2<>o Mont Ton. .1 42^ 300 Ton Midway. 44
j Afternoon Session.
i S0» Evelyn 251 500 Ton Beimont. 64
I KO Mont Ton ..1 401 3500 Ton Midway. 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 11—4 p m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
; Alpha 07 OS: Justice C8 10
• Alta 05 08' Kentuck 03 04
Ancles .». 42 4" Keyes firaes.. — 1 75
Belcher ..A.. 32 34 Lady Wash.. — 07
j IJpft '& Belch. 1 SO 1 »(t Mexican 1 US'- (rf)
Bullion «6 07 Occidental ... «l si
Caledonia ... SS 1 V» Ophir 4 .15 4 CO
Challenge Con 20 24J Overman 27 "8
Chollar 19 20. Potosl jfl 17
Confidence ...1 05 1 10' Savage 41 4:1
'. Con C & Va.l 75 1 hO'Scorpion 02 03
! Con Imperial. 02 (ttlSeg Belcher.. 05 07
I Con N Y.... 03 OS' Sierra Nev . . C8 6!>
; crown Point. 10 21 j Silver Hill . . «5 fir
' East Sierra N — CSlBt Louis .... — 17
! Eureka Con.. — 50' Syndicate ... 04 05
Exchequer ... 14 IB Union Con ..0.1 <u
I Gould & Cur. 4S 49' Utah 21 22
! Hale & Norc. 70 80. Yellow Jacket 49 SI
! Julia 04 051
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask I Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01. Ton Beimont. 50 CO
; Gold Anchor. 18 — ! Ton A Cal .. — •»•{
Gold M Con. — OSJTon Exten ..70
i Hannapah Mu — 23; Ton Fraction. 45
I MacNamara . 17 25, Ton of Nev ..6 00 7 00
; Mizpah Exten. 08 25 : Ton N Star.. 3t 35
I Mont Ton..l 37V4 1 40 Ton Midway. . 45 4*e
N Y Ton .... — 04 Ton & S Lake 15 —
1 Paymaster ... 09 10 Ton Superior. 06 11
Ray Exten .. — 20 United Ton .. — 1-
I Ray & OBrien — lOW'est End .. lfl _I
I Rescue 08 07 1
BIRTHDAY OP PATRIOT
IS FITTINGLY CELEBRATED
Memory of Abraham Lincoln Ls Hon
ored by 3f em berg 'Of the
Grand Army.
The ninety-fifth birthday of Abraham
i Lincoln was celebrated by Lincoln Post
No. 1, Grand Army of the Republic, in
their hall in the Pioneer building,
wMch was filled with members • and
friends of the order. An excellent pro
gramme was rendered in first-class
style. Comrade Henry C. Dibble acted
j as chairman of the occasion. Amonz
those who participated in the enter
tainment were Mrs. Blake-Alverson
-nd chorus. Comrade Samuel W. Back
us, Comrade Henry J. Smith. Miss
Jessie Smith. Comrade Alfred D Ben
ston. otto Conrad Wilhelm. Comrade
bamuel W. Carpenter. Miss Susie Glad/
ding:. Comrade W. W. Stone and a
quartet composed of Otto Conrad Wil
helm. Frank Merrill, L. W. Potts and
C. Hudspeth.
This afternoon the public schools will
be visited by delegations from the local
posts, in accordance with a custom of
the Grand Army.
Boy Charged With Theft.
Morris Manson, a twelve-year-old
lad, is detained at the juvenile ward of
the Emergency Hospital on a charge of
stealing money from the Salvation
Army poor boxes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12, 1004-
BURIES TWO OF HER SAILORS AT SEA
DURING VOYAGE FROM THE OLD WORLD
British Ship County of Linhthgow Arrives From
South Shields After a Particalarly Stqrmy Pas
sage—One Seaman Dies Another Gets Fatal Fall
The BritislT ship County of Llnlith
gow, Captain Tstroal, which arrived here
yesterday, 140 days from Scmth Shields,
had a very stormy voyage and burled
at sea two members of her crew. An
tone Leumberg, a seaman, died Decem
ber 5. He was 67 years old and a na
tive of Norway. During a stiff south
wester on October 10 Richard Lumer
ton, a native of Ireland, 36 years of
age, fell to the deck from the mizzen
topsail yard and was instantly killed.
Stitched in a canvas shroud, his bo-dy
was consigned to the deep a few hours
later.
The County of Linlithgow left South
Shields in a gale and for the first two
weeks of the voyage battled with a
succession of southwesters. Westerly
gales enlivened the passage around
Oape Horn and for ten days off this
point the gallant ship was buffeted by
the seas stirred up by northwesterly
gaies.
Brings Mamy Passonscrs.
The Pad tic Mai! Company's Bteamship San
Jose, Captain Q. W. IJrown, arrived yeater
day from Panama and way ports. She brought
sixty-one passengers and 1249 tons of cargo.
She' also brought $i;2,h»3 in treasure.
Among the San Jose's passengers was Cap
tain F. C. Miller, who successfully navigated
the little tugboat Izaleo from this port to Aca-
Jutla. The Izaleo. formerly called the Hia
watha, was not only a. email vessel, but well
along in years and not particularly seaworthy.
Captain Miller made the trip in winter weath
er, fourht more than a tiny tug's ehare of
gales and delivered his charge safely at the
Central American port, where she will spend
her declining years towing coffee barges.
Captain lirov.n. the San Jose's commander,
reports everything quiet at Panama and peace
ful all along the coaet.
The San Jose's passengers included the fol
lowing named : Mrs. O. M. Andrews. W. S.
Vincent. Miss Gertrude Montfort, Edwin J.
Day and wife. Dr. Haywoo'i Stetson, John St.
Pierre, Captain F. C. Miller. Michael Shannon,
Edwin K. Skinner. Mrs. Kathrlne Klnsey, Mrs.
Helen I. Skinner. Miss Margaret Skinner, Alex
Brizzard and wife, Charles C. Klnsey.
Many Sail for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Marjpiu:-a. Captain Rennie, sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with a general cargo and a large num
ber of passengers. Among the latter was a
party of Kuropean tourists, among whom were
eome prominent Parisians. MIfs Beatrice
Grimshaw of the London Graphic al?o nailed
on the liner. She is making a tour of the
world for the purpose of gathering material
lor a series or articles on the places best worth
seeing.
The MarlpoFa's passengers Included the fol
lowing named:
George. lionnemaieon, George Bonnemaison
Jr., J. B. J. Lecrirain,.Mre. G. Bonnemaison,
Miss Genevieve Bonnemaison, M. Huesch and
wife. Mme. Taupln. Rev. S. Delmers, S. B.
Wilson, L. McDonald. T. K. Bunkley, Mius
Beatrice Grimshaw, F. A. Robbing and wife,
Gustav Moreau and wife, M. P. Mille and wite,
George Qucsnot, Gaston Quesnot.
Ventura Sails This Evening.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ventura will sail at 8 o'clock for Honolulu and
the Antipodes. She will carry a full cargo
and many passengers. Rev. and Mrs. John
Hemphlll will go on the liner to Sydney,
where Dr. Hemphlll will take charge of a
church for two months during the absence of
the regular pastor. King Hedley, the well
known horseman, returns to Sydney on the
liner, accompanied by Mrs. Hedley. Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Landers of this city will ba pas
sengers on the Ventura to Honolulu.
Overdue Vessels Arrive.
The British ship Almora and the Norwegian
bark Dochra, reinsured respectively at 15 and
40 per cent, were both reported yesterday as
having safely reached their destinations. The
Almora arrived at New York,. -130 days from
Caleta Buena, and th4 Dochra, out ninety-one
days from Rockhampton, has reached Ade
laide. The overdues still on the . board are
quoted as follows: Theodor. 25 per cent: Mar
taban, U0 per cent: Robert Rickmers", . 15 per
cent.
Delayed by Head Winds.
The steamship City of Puebla, which was
due early yesterday morning from Puget
Bound, had not put In an appearance at 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon. She was delayed,
it was supposed, by the strong southerly winds
prevailing off the coast.
At Falniouth in Distress.
The sblp Wanderer, bound from Antwerp for
this port, yesterday put Into Falniouth on ac
count of having- lost most of her sails In heavy
weather.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
The French bark Honchamp Is , chartered for
"lumber from Puget Sound to South Africa at
55s, with option of wheat from this port to
Europe at 13s Cd. or from Puget Sound at 20s.
The British bark Karamount loads general
cargo here for Liverpool and the bark Santiago
general cargo here for Honolulu. The British
*hiu Lady Wentworth proceeds to Newcastle,
Australia, In ballast.
Exports . for the North.
The steamer Queeir sallc-d on Wednesday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports,: valued at
(1C.225 and including the following: !
977 pkfcs freeh fruit?. «3 pkgs fre6h vegeta
bles, -il, HO 11* malt, miO llm beans, 51C0 lbs
OVERDUE BRITISH BARK
ALMORA. WHICH HAS AR
RIVED AT NEW YORK.
meals, 1607 lbs coffee. 312 pfcgs paste, S cs
spices, 2."> pkgs table preparation*. 15 cs honey,
■105 cs eggs, 520 lbs chocolate. .'55 pkgs groceries
and provision*. 6 cs canned goods. ."> cs liquors,
.120 gals ::4 cs wine, 171 lbs leaf tobacco. 4
pkgs dry goods, A pkgs machinery, 4 coils rope,
15 oyls uaV'O bars 22 bdls steel, 5 pkgs elec
trical pupplles. 2<is pkgs refrigerator plant, 20
bars 2-T bills Iron, 6!) pkgs plumbing material,
400 ctls rye.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Sun
day for Guaymas, carried a general merchan
dise cargo consigned to the port of destination
and the princli>a! Mexican ports, valued at
176.843 and including the following:
4115 gals 20 03 wine, 1»7 gals '.'Mi <:s whisky.
. r .r» gals 10 cs brandy. 17 cs mineral water. 6
bbls flour. IO.IL'0 His rice. «47O lbs raisins. S17«
lbs dried fruit. 540 pkgs potatoes, 195 pkgs
onion?. 53.*. pkgs fresli fruits. 124U lbs broad.
4S1U lbs cheese. 2S.'!.'! lbs butter, 1329 lbs ham
and bacon, 1428 lbs nuts, 200 ctls oats, 100
bales hay, 320 pkgs paste, 4.TSI lbs 10 pkgs
meals. 4S0 cs nstorted canned goods. 41 rs
canned salmon, 70 rs olives. 50.1 lbs codfish. 1917
lbs a pkgs tea. 5152 lbs It) cs Bplres, 2t>2S lbs
sago, 7S pkxs groceries end provisions, 402 lbs
chocolate. :;5 pkgs vinegar, 200 flasks quicksil
ver. 110,711 ft lumber. 15.S0O lbs pickled hides.
4 bales skins. 105 bxs candles, 4072 lbs pig
lead, .°. cyls gas. 25 pkgs sewing machines, :tl
hxs soap, ICC hills bags, S145 lbs soda. 231
colls rope. 2017 lbs borax, 77 pkgs tank mate,
rial. 18,400 IbR cement. 14,097 lbs grease. 1099
pkgs machinery, 344 pkgs paints and 'oils, S2
pkgs pap»r. <;8 pkgs arid, 18 cs boots and
shoes. 4595 bdls shooks. f)9 pkgs drugs and sun
dries, 6.1 bars steel, 202 pes 10 bdls Iron. 12 cs
fuse, 17S7 lbs tallow, 106 pkgs nails, 14 pkgs
dry goods. 134 pkgs wire, 48 pkgs electrical
supplies.
The Mnriposa's Cargo.
The steamer Marlposa sailed yesterday for
Papeete. Tahiti, with a general merchandise
cargo valued at .«;35,298, to be distributed as
follows: For Tahiti, ?24.695; Marquesas Isl
ands. $491; Friendly Islands. $112. The fol
lowing were the principal shipments:
To Tahiti— 1450 bbls flour, 3500 lbs salt, 14,.
840 lbs sugar, 80,937 lbs rice, 710 gals wine. 1S5
cs 20 bbls and 1 kit salmon. 3131 lbs lard.
9034 lbs beans^ 24,610 lbs bread. 242 cases
canned goods, 110 pkgs potatoes,, 39 pkgs onions,
854 ctls barley. 1O,4«'>3 lbs bran, CS ctls wheat.
8 casks beer. 38 pkjja fresh fruits. 25 pkgs
fresh vegetables, 3282 lbs fresh meat, 780 lbs
ham and bacon. ?5 pkgs table preparations. 10
cs baking powder, 110 pkgs potatoes, 30 pkgs
onions. f> cs eggs. 350 lbs dried f rutt, 73 pkgs
groceries and provislor-s, 19 pkgs paste, 275 lbs
butter. 5 cs meals. 8CS lbs cheese, 480 lbs cod
fish. 87 pkgs dry goods, 58 pkgs paper, 32,182 ft
lumber, 28 cs Voots and shoes, 1<J4 bxs soap. 61
pkgs nails, «4 pkgs electrical goods. 8 cs coal
oil, 53 pkgs machinery, 25 pkgs dnigs, 67 pkgs
paints and oils, 30 pkgs millwork. 75 colls rope
47 bdls shooks, 3 cs arms and ammunition, &
rolls leatner, 16 pkgR CO pes Iron. 4 sheets steel,
llfi lbs opium, 0 bales bags. 3037 ft hardwood
To Marquesas Islands— 37 bbls flour, 359 lbs
beans, 10 cs soap. 12 cs canned goods, 1 pkg
drugs. 8 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4 half
bbls pickled salmon. 100 lbs rice. 60O lbs salt.
2 cs butter, I cs drugs, 1 cs ifhoes, 1004 ft
lumber, 1 bale twine, 1 bdl paper, 20 cs coal
oil.
..To Friendly Islands— 10 cs paints. 4 cs hard
ware, 8 cs canned goods, l.cs dry goods. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast And Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by ofttclal authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front -(Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at bcth places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY ~12.
Sun rises ~Tlh
Sun sets ** 5 : 43
Moon rises. . .^4 :14 " a. m.
6 ITimel Time] Time Tl'mT "
S. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
.? |L W| . - H W) ' ' L W , H W
12 2:16 3.1 8:34| 5.6 3:27 0.0 10'2S 4*4
IS 3:08 3.0 0:22 5.5 4:us — 0.1 11-07 45
14 3:52 3.010:07 B.4 4:40—0.111:43 2?
15 4::;2> 2.8 10:44 5.3 5:12 01
H Wl JL W IH W l'w"""
1R 0:14 4.8(5:10 2.6lll:1S 5.1 fi :iA 0 «
17 I 0:451 4.S1 3:461 2.5!11:53| . S.O) 6:12| 0.5
NOTE— In , the above exposition ofthT tides
the early mcrninjr tides are given In the left
hand column nnd the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ocjurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus t — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted, from the depth given by
the charts. The plane cf reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. TT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
February 11. l!»04
The Time liall on 'the tower of the Ferry
building was ilropp-3 exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the .20th meridian, or at !»
p. in. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.!
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 7 ~ From. I Due.
Mera Seattle I Feb. 12
Empire Coos Bay & Pt OrfordjFob. 12
S. Monica ! Seattle Feb. 12
Leelanaw Tacoma Feb. 12
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympic Feb. 12
Elizabeth Coqullle River |Feb. 12
Chehalis gan Pedro (Feb. 12
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports |Feb. 12
M. Dollar Pan Pedro IFeb. 12
Rival Wlilapa Harbor |Feb. 13
<"nlco Coqutlle River |Feb. 12
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Feb. 13
Czarina Coos Bay Feb.- 13
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Feb. 14
Del Norte Crescent City IFeb. 14
Pomona Humboldt I Feb. 14
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . .[Feb. 14
Santa Cruz..., Newport * Way Ports. |Feb. 14
Oregon ; Portland & Astoria !Feb. It
J^anie [ Seattle & Tacoma |Ftb. 14
Rainier ! Seattle & Whatcom !Feb. It
China ; China & Japan IFeb. 14
laqua ! Humboldt |Feb. It
CoronaUo San Pedro IFtb! 14
Wyefleld Nanaimo |Feb 15
Stat? of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.iFeb. 15
Eureka Humboldt |Feb 10
Centralia ; San Pedro |F«b 16
I'omo Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 16
Alameda Honolulu Feb. It!
UmatiHa Puget Sound Ports Feb' 16
City Panama. New York via Panama. Feb. 17
Corona Humboldt |Feb 17
S. Monica San PeUro IFeb' 17
Arcata • Coos Bay &- Pt. Orford.|Feb! IS
Point Arena.. | Mendoclno & Pt. Arena'Feb. IS
Santa Rosa..., San Diego & Way Pts.iFeb IS
Coos Bay I San Pe.dr 0 *. "Way Pts.iFeb 18
Alliance j Portland & Way Ports. JFeb 18
Claverlng Hongkng v. ManzanlllolFeb IS
North Fork...! Humboldt [Feb IS
G. W. Elder., i Portland & Astoria |Feb 19
Queen 'Puget Soundv Ports: .. .IFeb. 21
Alcoa Hongkong v. YokohamaiFeb 21
Centennial 'Seattle &. Tacoma IFeb "I
Antibis | Hamburg & Way PortsiKeb 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.., Feb! 22
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
Pabrnary 12. | 1
Sequoia Crays Harbor | 4 nm Pier «>ii
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor \ 12 m P er "2
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier •'O
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier ~7
G.AV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier °4
Mera Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Tebruary 13.
Chehalis Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River. .... 5 pm Pier °0
Corona Humboldt l:30DPler'»
Eureka Humboldt .... 0 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
City^ara.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pl-r 40
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
February 14.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
'2F™f Ir> ?°°» P*y "»r«t" 0 am Pier 13
b - Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
February 15.
Rival...... Willapa. Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
City Pueb!a Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier &
February le.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
lomona Humboldt.. l:30p|Pler 0
S Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Chico Coqullle River . 6 pmlPier 2
- „ , rebrnaryl7. 1 j
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPier 2
onlta Newport & Way.j ft am|Pler 11
Or *son Astoria & Portland[ll amIPier 24
February 18. , |
Pomo...... Pt. Arena & Albion! B pmfpier 2
State Cal... San Diego A- Way.! 9 amIPier 11
Nevadan... Grays Harbor | 4 rmlPIer 2
J , pa , nle Seattle & Tacoma. |10 amlPler 2
R ainler Seattle & Whatcml 4 pm Pier 10
February 20. I
Alliance.... Eureka &. Coos B.| ."• pm'Pier 1(5
San Jose N. y. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu |U am Pier 7
imatllia... Puget Sound Ports. |11 am|PJer 9
_ FROM SEATTLE. j
Steamer. .For. I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 12
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 1H
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. Hi
Dolphin .. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. If!
J. Dollar J Valdez & Seward |Feb. 2t>
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday. February 11.
Stmr Oeo W Elder. 100 hours from Portland,
via Astoria MW| hours.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 28 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Jose. Tirown, 20 days from Pan
ama and way ports. , ' . . • .
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. 14 hours from
Mer.doclno. ■ ._ . ,
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, 13 hours from
F °Stm? r Corona. Xopander. 24 hours fromEu
"sfmr.Glpsy. Leland. 20 hours from M?? 1 "!^
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 41 hours from
San Dleco. • .
RAILWAY TBAVEK
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY ;
at J>::iO a. m., througrh in 3 daya,
with, diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m.1 tor Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 : 0Op'm'J Merced « Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. "'"..'
TICKET OFFICES— 641 'Market St. and j
Perry Depot, S. F. Also 1113 Broad- j
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
Ban Jose.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSSVALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—*
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. S:OO,
C:0O, 10:»X>, 11:U«» a. m.. 12:-0. 1:45, 3:15, 4:i3.
5:15. C:15, 7:W>. 8:4:>. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FKOM SAN KAKAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily, 6:25, 0:35. 7:40, 8:35, 9:35, 11:05 a.
m.. lli:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45, 4:45, 5:45, 6:45,
8:45. 10:'J0 ?. m.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAX FRAX-
CTSCO— Dally. 6:45. «:5T». 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.."i2:33. 2:00, S:15, 4:05, 5:05. tf:O5,
7:05, 9:00. 19:38 n- m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily — Carailero and way stations.'
r»:15 p. m. week days <Saturdaysfexcepted)—
Tomales and way station.*.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Eeyes and
iray stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market st. -
FERRY — ITnion Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave fit Saaalito firry Arrive
SaaFrandtco Not «f Mart* a San Francbc*
"Week San- _5SBt— Sub- I Week
Days, days JK?Uj*1w3S* Day*.
•lM3i*«*:OOA *g$££&4K&M 12:oarfo740i
•1:4Sr 9:OOa t5&££jl£» l:85r 3:8O?
6:15r 1O:00a »:*0p5:5Or ;
.... 11:OOa \|§t!Kjj^ 4:50rt:*9»
•fcnact wlla tlap s> ttpmtrtTmrwUMj
TIGHT I 636 Market 5T.,(Nortl» Shore Railroad) I
•IflCB I aafcl Saotalito Fkbay. Foot Mark* St.
Stmr Maggie, Hughes, 5 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Br ship County of Llnllthtow, Stroak, 140
days from .South 'Shields.
CLEARED.
Thursday. February 11.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennie, Tahiti; J D. Spreck
els *.- ' Brcs Co:
Br ship Craigerne, Loades. Melbourne; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. February 11.
Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr Francis II Leggett. Relners, .Eureka.
Stmr Marlncsa. Itennfe. Tahiti.
Nor stmr Telh?s, Arntzen, Ladysmith.
Stmr San Pedro, Peterson, Eureka.
Stmr San Mateo,, Ros=;>. Tacoma.
Stmr Newbure. Andflndsten. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomo. Winkel, Alhion.
Br bark Dunreggan, Smith. Sydney via Port
Townsend.
Schr Alpena. Birkholm. Port Townsend.
Schr Wm Ois'n. Rcovik. Tacoma. *
Tug Dauntless. Shea Eureka.
Tug Maggie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 11, lt> p m— Weather
f tKgy; wind southeast; velocity 32 miles per
hour.
DISASTER.
NEW YORK. Feb 11 — Ship Henry B Hyde.
bound iron; here for Baltimore, ashore at Dam
Neck station. 10 miles south of Cape Henry.
Vessel apparently in good condition.
A later dispatch s^ys the vessel Is break
ing uji.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
P.ELLINGHAM— Arrived Feh It— Bark Gen
Fairchilil. from Port Townsend.
REDONDO — Sailed Feb 11 — Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco.
. TATOOSH — Passed out Feb 11 — Stmr Mack
inaw, for San Fraaclsco; stmr Robert Dollar,
for Sau Pedro.
1'as-ed out Feb 11— Br stmr Wellington, for
San Francisco.
SKAGW AY— Sailed Feb 10, 9 a m— Stmr
1 Dolphin, for Seattle.
TACOMA — Sailed Feb It — Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco: schr S T Alexander, for San
: Pedro; I!r ship Tlnto Hill, for Valparaiso.
ASTORIA — Arrived F*b 11 — Stmr Whittier,
hence Feb S.
Sailed Feb 11— Schr Challenzfr. for San
Francisco; bktn Gardiner City, ror Port Los
FAIiYhAVEN— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Olym
' pic. hence Feb 6.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Geo
l>oomis. hence Feb 7; stmr Dirigo, from
■/■ Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Jeanle, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA
HAD LOOK— Arrived Feb 11— Brig Geneva, j
hence Jan 25. !
HUENEME— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Melville |
Dollar, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Sai?e<l Feb It— Stmrs Che- ,
halia: Samoa and Cororado. for San Fran- j
claco; Bchr Melrore, for Port Townsend: schr
Lucy, for UmDqua River.
COOS # BAY— Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Czarina,
fcr Sr.n* Francisco.
Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Alliance, hence Feb 4.
UANDON— Sailed Keb 11— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Feb 11— Br bark
Beechbank, for Port PIrie.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER. Feb 10— Br
bark .luteopolls Is ordered to New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 10— Br bark Al
mora, from Caleta Buena.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 10— Stmr Alameda.
for Snn Francisco: U S stmr Sheridan, for
llanlU - FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Feb 0— Stmr Alllanc*. from
t^nlled' Feb 9 — Stnar Seguranca, for New
T( mbGO— Sailed Jan 8— Jap stmr Iyo Maru,
for ironstone: stmr Hyades. for Hongkong.
PRAWLE FOINT-Passed Feb 10-Br baric
jSKSSBaWBSWK n -.tmr Em-
.u-r An-
Ub i T v'lNCENT^rrl^d Feb 11-Ger .tmr
zssisssss '&"$$?•»* mpieix.
h Ts C LE° C OF WIGHT-Pa«ed Feb 11-Bark
Hnm»«rd Bound, hence Oct 11 for Antwerp.
ENG— Sailed Feb 10-Br
«h^ Wa^rtreeT'for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE-Arrived Feb 11-Br bark
Dochra. «°~g™*2Z£Sim
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 11 — Stmr Blu
rher for Plymouth; stmr Bovlc, for Liverpool.
OL-FFXSTOWN-Salied Feb 11— Stmr Ce
drlc from Liverpool, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Marquette.
fr GLA^GOVV- 'Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York; stmr Ltvonian, from Phila
de MARSEILLES— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Can
nn\0 from Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb ll— Stmr Ma
les'lc from New York.
Vailed Feb 11— Stmr Dominion, for Halifax.
N*"s. and Portland, Me: stmr Sicilian, lor St
J °a T 3 ' VINCENT— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Isls.
from* Tacoma. San Francisco, etc, for Ham
burg. • *•*.' ,
Falls Through a Light Well.
Fire. <n the basement of the premises
at 525 Union street, occupied by Mich
ele Foglia as a grocery and bar, shortly
after C o'clock last night, caused slight
damage by smoke and water. The
property Is owned by D. Cervall! and
the origin of the blaze is unknown.
John de Luccl. who resides on the sec
ond floor of the building, upon being
advised of the fire, climbed to the roof,
and in endeavoring to cross to an ad
joining building , fell through' a lisht
■well, striking the ground fifty, feet be
low. He miraculously escaped fatal in
juries and was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where it was found upon ex
amination that his right shoulder had
been fractured.
The sexton who gave his love a dia- j
mond sparkler on their engagement I
was merely ringing the belle as usual. J
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Ltne. Foot of Market Street >
Tit.** - F«o» FiBWtW 1. lWt. - ilMTl
"7 00a VscaTllle. Winters. i:umsey... 7.50f
7.00a Benlcla. SaUun. Elmlra and Sacrv
mento ..' • i-*vr
7J0a Vsllejo. SsH. Callstota. Sant»
Rosa, Msrtlnex, S«n Ramon..... S20^
7.30a Xlles. LlTermore, Tracy. Lathiop.
8.00a Shawm *ExKre"i» — Vvia"iHTi»).
WCllami (for DartlWS Springs).
•Willows, trnato. JCed Bluff.
Portland. Tacom*. Seattle 7-5W
■ 00a D»t:§. Woodland. Knlnlits Landing.
MarysvHle, OroTllle 7-50r
1 8-30a Pert Costs, Martinez. Anttocn.
Brron. Tracy. Stocktoo. New-
man. Los Uanos. Mendotn.
Armon*. Haaford. Vlsalia,
Porterrllle •• ••••" <^t"
6 JO* Tort Co«ta. Martlnei. Tracy. Latt-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Freino.
Goshen Junction. Hanford,
Vlsalla. Hatersfleld <»W
8^0a Nile*. 8«n Jo«e, Llrermore. StocK-
ton. (tMllton). lone. 8«cramento,
, PlacerTllle, Marysrllle. Chlco,
'RedElufT 4-20r
8.30a Otkdsle. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Toolnrane and Angel* 4.20*
9 004 Atlantic Express— OKden*ndE««. 11.20*
9.30* Richmond. Marttnes and TVay
Stations 850*
10 00a The Orerl«nd Limited — Ogden.
'* DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. 820*
1000* Vallejo- 1220*
1000* Lo* Awtelea ra»»en«er — Port
Costa, Martlne*. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsalia.
Bakertfleld. Los Angeles if.?*
«C0m HaywarfJ. Klle»«nd W»y 8ution». 3.20*
n'jfOr Sscrsmento RlTer Ste«mer» til.Oar
3£0t BenlcU. Winter*. S»eramentu.
Woodlaial. Knlghfa Landing.
BIary»»»le. OroTille and way
•Utionj '2?5*
X.3QF Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 750»
S.30I- Port Costa, Martinez. Bjron,
Trtcy. lAthrop, Mode* to.
Merced, Fresno and Way Stv
tlons beyond Port Co«ta. ....... 12 20i»
SZOr Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 OOr Martlnes.San Ramon. ValleJo,I»apa,
Call»tOB». SsBtaRosa........ ... 92J*
400r Nlles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4-2o^
4 Mr Uay want. Nlles, Irrlngton, San» t8504
Jo«e. Lt»ennore > M 1.50a
E COf The Owl Limited— Newman. Lo»
Uanos. Mendota.Fretno.Talaro.
Balcertfleld. Los Angele*.
Golden 8tate Llmlied Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angrle*. for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. * r" ,5'55*
6X0r Port Cost*. Trscy. Stockton 1220^
t6-30r llsyward. Nile* and San Jo«e / 20a
5 OOr Hayward.Nl!e«aud Sun Jo«e 9 iO*
B.OOP Eastern Exprest— Ojtden. Denr«r,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Ea*U Port Costa. Benlcta. Siil-
•nn, Elmira, Davi3. Sacramento.
Roeklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca. Keno. Wads-
worth. Wtnnemucca 8-2CT
8.00f Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » -, -n r
700r Vallejo. Sunday only t
7J3OF Klcnmond. San Pablo. Port Costa.
Mantnex and Way Statlon» 1123a
80Bf Oretron <k California Exprei»— Sac-
mmento. M*rj»v!lle. Redding.
Portland. Pcget Sound and East. 8-504
: 8.10* II ay ward. Nlle»and8an Jo*e(San- _„ __
daronly) 11-50»
COAST LINE Ctarrow lian ? e).
(foot of Mnrfcet Street.)
8. 15* Newark, C'enterrllle. 8an Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Cree*. Santa
Crui and Way Station! OSS'
t2.15r Kewark. Centerrtlle. San Jn^n,
New Almaden. Lo* G»to«.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations t!0-55A
4-ISp Newark. Saa Jose. LosGato* and I *8.§S A
wayatattunn ) ;10 35a
19 3Qp llunten Train. Satnrday only. San
J'ijb and Way Stations. Ketnrn-
lee from Los Oatos Snnday only. 17 25 r
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom 3AN * KAN CISCO, ioot of Maricct St. '3ilp«>
— t»U> >:00 11:00 a.m. 1.C0 3 CO 515 r*
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tti:0O {3:09
t8:03 10:00 a.m. 12C0 200 4 CO p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad fciamte).
tar* ( Third ana lotrBttend Street*.)
6-10a San Joneand Way Stations 6 SOf"
7 00* *an Jose and Way Stations 6 33?
8 00* New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4-10*
8 00* The Cosifr — Stops only San Jose.
Ollroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro. CastroTllia (con-
nection to and from Monterey
andPactnc UroTe). Sallna*. Saa
Ardo, Taso Uobles. Santa, Mar-
garita, San Luis Obicpo, principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for LotTtpoc). principal station*
thence Sauta Uarb*ra.San Buena-
rentnra, SauEU*. Lo» Anjeles... 13 43?
8. CO* San Jone. Tre* Ptnot. Capitola,
SantaCraz.PacillcKrore.Sallnas.
San I. iii* Oblnpo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
10-30* fian Jose and Way Station! 1.20r
1120* Santa Clara. Ean Jose, Los Gatot _
; and Way Stations 7.30i»
1-30r San Jo*e oml Way Stations 8 33*
■ 3 CO* Del .Mont» Rxprena— Santa Clara.
: Sao Ju*e, Del Monte. Monterey.
\ Paclflc GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara, for Santa Cruz, Boulder
■ Creek and Narrow Ganffe Points)
' at Ullroy for IlollUtcr, Tres
P!no«. as CastroTlile for Salinas. 12-15*
3-30f Tres Plaos War Passenger 10 4^4
i 4 30r Ean Jose and Way Station* T9 CO*
tSOOi- Baa Jo»e. (vln Santa Clara) I.o»
- Gato*. and Prlnrtpal Way Su*
tlons (except Sumlay) t9.C0a
,bZCr San Jo«ean<l Principal Way Stations {9 43*
6-COr £on*et :.i;:i'.'rj.— Ceilwn. rt. Ssn
Jose.Gnroy.Saltnaa.t'aiioKoblea.
Lui* (io!spo. Santa Barbara.'
Loa Angele*. Demtnr. Kl Paso,
New Orleans. New yortc. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Cra> ,
and at CaMrovUle. for PaclSe '
Groreand Way Statlnna 7.10 A
IS 16r Sau>lateo.Beresford.BeIniont.Saa
| - Carina. Hedwood. Fair Oai*.
MenloPark. Palo Alto «.... <8<U
8 30f S*n Jnieand Way Station* 6 3Sa
8 OOr Pa'.n Alto and Way Station* 10 15*
' 11.301" South San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur-
Itnsame. San Mateo, Beimont.
: San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Part, and PuloAllo S.4SP
tfJI-30? MaySeld. Mountain View. Sunny-
rale. Lawrence, Santa Clara, and
I San Jose t9-45P
A for Morii;n;. P for Afternoon.
iSandav escepted. J Snnday only.
a Saturday only.
f Stop* at all *tat!on* on Snnday.
• ffoniy train* (topping at Valencia St. tcnthSwaai
«re(>:I0 a.x ..7:00*. M^ 11:30 a.m. .3:3) r.M-«:30r.«. and
I: CO M,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE *
SAN FRANClMiO A»J NORTH PAClFii
RAILWAY COMPA2TT.
Tiburon Perry, root of Market Street.
SAN PEAIICISCO TO SAN KAPAEL.
\VI$EK DAYS— i:o(>, U:W>. ll:i.u a. m. ; 1^:^..
3:30. 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 i.. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :5O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:Cl>, 1»:3C. 11:W> a. m.; 1:ZO.
3:3». 5:LO. 6:2W. It ::*«> r. m. .
SAN BAPAEI." TO SAN PEAH CISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 6:Cj. 7:^3. 1:50. U:'J», 11:10
a. m.; 1L':5O, 3:40, o:o0, 5:20 p. m.
Faturday* — Extra trip at 2:00 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0, 9.4t>. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10.
3:40. 4:55, 5:C5, ti:25 p. m.
Lea%'« 1 In Effect I Arrive
Saa Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. jSan Francisco.
"Week I Sun- | Destina. t Sun- I Week
Daya f days. { tion. | days. | Day*.
7:30 a S:d>a 0:10a|S:40a
9:30 a Ixnacio. 10:40 a!lO:20 +
3:S0p 3:3Op e:C5 p! d:20 p>
&:10pj 3:00 p 7:33 p|
7:30 a 0:10 a* 8-JOa,
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 ajl0:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05p!tt:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p , and 7:33 pi
.- - .. S:OOp Santa Roea. I
7:30 a ■ J10:40 a'10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. I7:35p 6:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p I I
•I Windsor. I
7:30 a] 8:00 a Healdsburff. 10:40 a|10 20 a
I Lytton. |
3:30 p! 3:30 p Geyserviile. i 7:35 pj 6:20 p
| Cloverdale. [ j
7 -SO a! S'fiO a! Hopland 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 p! 3:30 p[ and LTtiah. | 7:35 p| ft:2O p
7:30 a| 8 Ctf aj Wlllits. | 7:35 p! 6:20 p
7:.">0 ai 8:00 al „, \l^:*O a|10 20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Guernevllla. | 7:05 p| ti:M p
7-30 al 8:0<> al Sonoma I »:!<> al 8:4O a
6:10 plJkCO pi Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p[ «:^> p
*7T:oT| 8:C0 a! !10:4O ajlO:2O a
3 :»0 p| 3:30 p| ■ Sebastopol. ( 7:35 p[ 6:2O p
g1-4_GES connect at Creen tlrae for Saa
Qu-n\in: at Santa Rosta for Whits Sulphur
Hpritlis:' at Ku!ton for Altruria an<] Marie West
SprinR"; at I'Vtton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
a?rville for Skaffgs Sprinss; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booncvllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KeUeyvllle. Carlsbnd Pprtnjcs. Soda Bay. Lake-
cort and Uartlett Springs; at L'kUh for -Vichy
Sprlr.K?. Saratoga Springs.' niue Lakes, r an;»l
Dell L»«ke. Witter Sprlnirs. Upper l-ake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John »>*>•'?. Rtverslfte. Llerry's,
Bucknells, Sanhedrln l!e!shts, Uullville. Orr'a
Hot Sprinsrs. Halfway House. Cnnjptche. Camtf
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Kort Trass.
Westport, T'sal; at Wllllta for Fort Brace.
W«stport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle, Curamlngs. Bell's Springs, llarrts. Ol,
sen's. Dyer. Carberrille. Pepj>erwooU. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r»-
durtd rate*.
On Sunday round-trla ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tlcktt offlce3, 630 Market atreet. Chmnlel*
bulldlnr-
H. t\ WHITING. R. X. RTAJJ
Gen. Manager. G#n. Pa«*i. Aart.
Weekly CaU, $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Chicago and Nezv York exchanges dosed to-day. ..
IVcll-slrcct Stocks steady. Cotton higheK
Local Securities featureless. Oil Stocks neglected. -
Silver advances sharply. AV:c York Exchange weak.
Rain weakens Wheat and Barley Futures.
Japan said to be buying iooo tons of Oats here.
Corn firm but dull. Rye continues to go northzvard. .
Hay, Bran and Middlings firm. Feedstuff s generally steady.
Beans zreak and quiet and affected by the rain.
Butier and Eggs slcncly tending dozvnzvard. Cheese demorali
No change in Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins. . v..
Feeling in Provisions strong here and weak at Chicago. .
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Stoz'c Gasoline marked dozen slightly. ■
Potatoes steady. Onions and southern Vegetables firm. < ,
Poultry and Gome in light receipt and the former firm.
Fruit market quiet and featureless.
• THE CLEARING-HOUSE, j
file Manager's Tzi'cnty-Eighth ■
Annual Report.
The twenty eighth annual report of Char!e» |
E*n;p*r, manager or tbe San Francisco Clear- j
ine-housp. ha« been issued.
liie clearings for the year liHli are placed
t.t mSOJOatatZ <>7, as compared with IL3TO.
3C2.C25 for iy<t2. a gain or |I3^638.6Stl 7«i, or !
lv and 7-lOths \pei- ctnt and an average daily |
fiam ot jiM.43* 22.
Busin«-?s In general Iime bf^n food during j
tilt- y*ar, with an increase In r«"al e«iate trans- - t
action*- and an increajw ia city and I
euliurban population.
The balances of the Clearing -house banks in •
1S*»j3 w<.re 11.7 jx^r cent of the clearings and j
KHiOunted to <177,810,h_'2 ."J7 and were paid in j
Celled States gnld .coin '22.UU per cent). I
S*<?.^1DS22 uT and I'nltfd 1 * Trfacury gold |
dcen.inra.tts t"7.:iS per ce^t>. $L'j7,5M.v*.i'J. the i
*\*-mfv dally balance lor i:«03 was *5!»2.»h6 :«».
*? compar«-d with SSfe.t.'^a 1« for H*J2. an avrr
arp da:Iy inci«a»e of s.'U..:r; 11.
The Clearing-house resumed the use of
Vrlfd State* Treasury gold ctrtificates in the |
i.rtt lament of balances on Acguft 19. V'V.i. fir.ee i
■which time to December 31. ISO.'! <52 1-3 1
xronthf ). the balances have be<-n »n amount |
*» r tv,o7>'.472 43 and paid a* follows: In gold j
coin «2«.14 per cent», $ltS».:K*j.47i 4o. and in
ctrtincates <."';.K0 ptr cent). $178,085,000.
The certificates saved at least a fourfold
handling of au equal amount of gold coin, the
Jourfclo weight of which would be over 7. < -'j«."W
jjoundti avoirdupois.
The* l.'nited States Treasury gold certificates
UfA by members as Clearing-house ceitificatea
are now ?2.t>«5.00U.
The total clearings of the San Francisco
Cleariiit-house for the tw^nty-elpht years of I
its exiftent-e have been J21.7!»0,7a4.*>41 77. and \
ih<- total balances fcr the esme time $'>.2t(5.- j
2tr.».Hfw 19. Last year's clearings and balantt-s I
«ere the lai jrty t of any year in the history of 1
the institution. The highest average dally
ol«-arir.R tor the twenty-tight years was $4.'JS4.
2C4 S3. a.1so in laFt year. «
. Crop and Stock of Beans.
The circular of the Schuitz-Hansen Company
e$j s of beans :
'•Since our last ttati?tical review of Septem-
Jx-r. 1903. the bean crop of r.*>3 has been har
vested. i>art!y marketej, and a portion ware- !
houwed throushr>ut »he State. For the flrst |
t!?".je in years growers have ..eld back ship- I
ting,' warehousing and marketing, and at pres- j
«r.t there i>re mere ' beans on the ranches j
stored to larns than ever b<»:ore in the history j
of the .State. A fallin? rr.nrket and Inactive j
demand created among th-? trrowers a wide
t-l-reau difpcsition to hold their uroduct on
the ran--h and ehii) to market only when sale
«i; made in advance. This holding back has j
made it difficult for the exchanges and mer- j
chants to arrive at accurate figures as t» the
•tacks in the State December 1. and the result
has been that up to the present date no re
liable firures have be*n given as i<.» the crup :
estimates of 1SW3.
"From various t=tate agents, interior ware- i
hous* connections and growers, -we have care- I
fully complied an wrtimate ot stocks of beans !
on hsr.d February 1. 1004. amounting to TOO.- |
V*' *acks. Of thi« amount 4t«>.<X«) &acks are (
conceded to be Hrr.as. the balance consisting of j
large and small whites. Bayos. pinks and
Mackeyes. The stocks ot i^inks are the light
♦*t in years, and with only a fair demand be
tween now and October 1 there will not be
pink beans enough to supply this trade. A
eharp advance is looked for. _
"The wiener trade from the F-arPfor Cali
fornia beans was- very light, which was due
to the cheapness of Michigan etocks, T>ad
leather conditions and a tight money market.
However, at the present writing, these condi
tions are completely turnefi ground: the East
ern m<ne- market is easy, an.l most all points
• re now arXing tat sampler and quotations of
the California rroduct.
"A weather condition Is now confronting the
•outhern part of The Ptate that, unlesn that
■ectloa of the State that produces all the
limas. [in» whites and bla^ker-e* gets on an
■ verage nix inches of rain between m>w and
Way 1, the b»an crop, ss far as Southern Call- j
Jo:x:a if concerned, will be light."
Panama Canal Payment.
■Late msll edvice» from New Tork say of
the Panaiaa canal paym* nt :
"The announcement that the Gr.vprnment hart
ti'^Ct-4 to make- a call of 20 per cent of the
publ!': fua^s Oil deposit with national barks
toward thf f54t.OCO.CKJO canal payment was some
»ha.t of a surprise. Additional calls of 10
per r-ent v.-i!l follow until the full payment
is rr.a-if-; and r-fficial assurance is given that
the payment will be conducted po as to create
the least possible effect upon the money roar
k*t/ The valur of th"s« assurances dep«nds
very largely ■.-,-, circumstances which the
Btcretmrj cannnt control. | <joid export* can
rossib'.y be averted provided there U a suffl
rt*-nt supply of exchange in which to Invest,
the .pruc^Mie of wnkh cr»jM be at once re
«Jercrft~l in o^r banks. The payment to Eu
rope, however, will b« materially lessened liy
the jeet that a. verj' confiderable portion, per
haps half, of the Panama stock is already
he',d n. the United Stales. Unfortunately th«
prirsent high price* of cotton and wlvat do
not encourage exports, and while hitherto we
have ltrs*!y profits by the*» fipure« and the
supply cf bills has been large. Indications fuk
gcsl that values have resetted the limit for
expert. The monetary kltuatlon Js further
complicated by tfc'e fict that .bank loam In
New Tork have expanded over $100,000,003
during the la*t five weeks end nrrtir stand near
t$* fl.OOO.OOO.fiOO mark. It in quite evident,
therefore, that should any further rtrcis be
put upon the money market there will be a
calling of loans ar.d a consequent increase in
Interest ratee. r.'tr.k officials, bovevcr, chow
Bo uaeaylne*« over the future."
Lincoln's Birthday.
To-elsy. LSn<;-oln'« birthday, wiil be generally
observed c- m. holiday throughout the East. All
th<> New York. Chicago and other Eastern and
Western exchanges will be clos»d. and those
a! San Francisco a:;d _N»w Orlean* alone will
remain open. .Hence there will b« no .financial
nor market quotaiionc from the East to-day.
Weather Report.
(I20th Mercian— Pacific Time.)
SAN* FnANCISCO. Ftb. 11—5 p. m.
The foUowlsg are the teescnal rainfallc to
date, ajT^ronapared with those of esrae date last
I'-i-cn and rainfall in last twtnty-four hours:
La&t Tl:ie Last-
Ktatloss — 21 hours, eeason. searcn.
Eureka 40.59
H*d Bluff 0.C4 14.72 17.«>1 ;
J-'acrainento ...; ".10 5.58 11.2*1
Ean TiancUco 0.49 P. 41 11. «
rrerao .;.... 0.00 1.73 5.72 J
Independence 0.00 0.44 1.51
Kan Lula Obtepo • 0.00 3.64 II. S3
TTv» Angel** 0.00 1.C1 S.63
gun Diego 0.00 1.S1 8.69
THE CX)AST RECORD.
B 2 S C w ►j.
I r* n if *\ i v
6 23-23 3?= So S:
STATION. I? ?o K| g'a ?" ?
Carfcn 23.02 B2 1C* KW Ooudy .00
Fwalloa 2«.'.B C2 (0 8 Rain .43
Fr**no 30.04 C2 42 SE Cloudy .00
nagrtaff 30.10 64 18 W Pt.Cldy .CtO
Independence .2fl.88 82 is E Cloudy .00
Um Anr>Ins... 30.10 C* 4« S ■ Pt.Cldy .m
Mt r«n.fc!j,eis.2:..r-2 42 SW S Rain .43
Ptooeolx 50.04 74 3t E Pt.CWy .00
Point Ueyes... '_•!». 84 5S 47 SE Rain .69
Red Hluff 29.00 46 40 N Rain" .04
Sacramento ..30.00 4S 40 SE Rain .10
8a!l I-ake 30.10 40 22 N\V Cloudy Tr.
San Francisco. 30.02 54 4S SE Rain .48
San L. ObUpo.30.14 hS M XV Cloudy .00
San Diego .10.08 Utf 46 Nff Pt.Cldy .OO
Winnemucca .29.JH) 4S 12 SW Cloudy .00
Yunia ::O.U4 72 42 XE | Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Reports from northern stations are missing.
A storm cf moderate energy overlies the Pa
oifi; Coast, and high southeast winds prevail at
sea and o\er California from Fresno north.
Rain has fallen in generous amounts over
Certral and Northern California.
The storm will probably move slowly south
ward. '
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Point Reyes, US miles per hour from
the southeast; Farallon. '42 fram the south:
Mount Tamalpais. 4'J from the south;, Red
Hluff. 20 trom the southeast, and Carson City,
4ti from the southwest. ■ ■•
Forecast made at San- Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 12:
Northern California — Rain Friday; brisk to
high poulh»rly winds. ■ .-
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, probably
rain: brisk southerly winds. '
Nevada— Rain or snow Friday; brisk to high
i so>jih winds. . _.,
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Rain Friday;
bri-k to high southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market. j
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Close— Money on
call was easy. 1%Q2 per cent; closing bid,
I 1%, offered at 1* 4 ; time loans easier; sixty
day?. X? 4 per cent; ninety days, 4 per cent;
Pix* months. 4>-«©4% per cent.
Prime mercantile papor, 4viWo% per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady, with actual
business i= bankers 1 bills at $».S550g4.855o for
demand, and at $4.82.V^>4.82C0 for sixty day
'Posted rate*. U B3%«N 84, and f4 86%.
Commercial bills. $1 82.
Bar silver. r»S%c.
Mexican dollars, 44 %c.
Bonds — Government, easier; railroads, lr-'
regular.
Nezc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Only three or, four
stock? of the fiist importance got as much as j
a joint away from last 'night' a level at any
time to-day. This serves to Illustrate the life
le»-eness ot the trading and the sluggishness of
the stock market. The Imminence ot a holiday
mi in yart the cause of this stagnation. The |
smallness of the speculative position now open j
was thus clearly indicated, the approach of a|
holiday usually prompting traders to close up j
their accounts. This would be especially true I
with the extra uncertainties of a time of war. i
The uncertain wa\-ering of the market during >
the week ha* discouraged speculative ventures j
entirely and news of the day was practically ;
ignored, whether of a favorable or unfavorable !
character. The market again offered sturdy*:
resistance to the depressing influence of the j
war situation abroad, making an effective
rally from the opening decline. But there was
no disposition to follow the advance. While
the readiness of effective support to appear in
face of any attack upon values leaves no op
portunity open for profitable operations on the
short side, there Is an Inclination to sell
' stocks on advances which makes the long side
equally unattractive. The stock market feeling
toward railroad borrowings was expressed t»
■ day in the r>ersistent selling of New York
Central, owing to the prevalent rumors that
that company was issuing notes for means to
continue Its betterment projects. The denials
of the truth of thes« rumors did not help the
stock much, owing to the recent experience
with the Pennsylvania borrowings which were
admitted beforehand. The admission that or
ders for sfitjie 63,000 tons of steel rails had
I been placed on behalf of the Harriman lines
' was accreted cs a favorable factor, the more
j eo as It was believed that the schedule price
was to be paid. But the stocks affected 're
sponded but slightly to the news.
The Brmnefli of Amalgamated Copper, which
vai lifted over a point in the late dealings,
was nominally due to trade conditions and it Is
argued that the outbreak of the war will cut
off the Japanese product from the market, thus
appreciably affecting supplies.
Money was easy and time money rates
yielded slightly. Call money also maintained
Its notable ease. A canvass of the banks shows
that the rn-vemont of currency is still In favor
of New York. In spite of the expectations that
a tem in the tide *as at hand. The market
closed lairly steady near the top, but the
tn<3ing was almost stagnant.
BobZi tvt-re dull, but slightly irregular.
Tntal salep. par value. $1,000,000. United
ntw 4s coupon declined V4 per cent on
call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. High. Low. Close 1
Atrhison »,100 67% 67Vi G7«i
Atchlson pfd 89
Baltimore & Ohio. lf>,700 77% "6*i 76*4
Baltimore & O pfd 88
Canadian Pacific .. 2,000 116 115% 115H
Central of N J 155
Ches &. Ohio Sl%
Chicago & Alton... 100 37% 37% 37%
Chicago & A pfd .... .... C3
Chicago tGW.. 400' 15*i 16% 15%
Chicago & N W .. 400 164% lf£|J/-. 1«4
Chicago. M 4; St P. 25,800 140% 131)% 139%
ChiM&StPpfd 170
Chicago T & T 0»;
Chicago T & T pfd 100 20U 20U 20
C C C & St Louis 70
Colo Southern 3<>0 16% 1CV4 16^,
Colo P> 1st pfd 500 53 52% 02%
Colo Ko 2d pfd 200 23% 23% 23«<.
Delaware Jfc Hud.. 1.400 159 15S% 159
Del. L & West 270
Denver & Rio G 20
Denver & R G pfd 300 (IS 67% 07%
Krie 2,200 25% 25% 25%
Erie 1st pfd 700 C1H 63% (541/
lirie 2d pfd 100 43% 43% 43
Hocking Valley .. * COO 72 70 72 *
Rocking Valley pfd 82
Illinois Ontral ... 2.000 127% 126»4 127%
Iowa Central 18
Iowa Central pfd -30
Kansas City So Y;i. IS
IKuriH C So pfd ' 34}i
Louisville & Nash. 2,300 103>i 102% 103 '
Manhattan L COO 141% 141=4 141f;
Metropolitan Secur S3"
Metropolitan £t Ry fiOO 117% 116% 117>;
Mlnneap & St L eo
Mlnn.fc't P & 8 S M 600 53% 59Vi 5ft%
M, StP&SS M pfd 7. -no
Missouri Pacific .. 5.300 83% 89 S9«i
Mo, K & T • ici?
Mo. K & T pfd.... 200 SC>4 88& 30%
Natlonl of Mex pfd .... 30
N Y Central 13.C00 115 113*4 iJ4«i
I Norfolk & Weit .. 20 57% 57»4 07
1 Norfolk & W pfd SS .
Northern Securities" %-jv
Ontario A- West .. 1.500 20% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 60.700 114% 113 HS'i
P, C C & St Louis ■ 60 1
Reading 10,600 42% 41% «%
Reading l«t pfd 79
Reading 2d pfd 57
Rock. Island Co .. 1,600 22% 22>i 22tf
Rock Island Co pfd 700 62 01 * 62 U
St L A S F 2d pfd .... 4511
St Louis S W J4^
St Louis S W pfd.. 700 33% 33% 33%
Southern Pacific .. 12.SO0 46% • 45%. 4CU
Southern nailway.. 2.300 20% 20 -. 20%
Southern Ry pfd . . 900 83 80% 80%
Texai & Pacific .. GOO 22% 22% 22%
Tol. £t L & Wert 100 24% 24% 24
Tol St L & XV pfd 100 36 30 35
Union Pacific 13.400 77% 77% 77%-
L'nion Pacific pfd. g4%
Wabash 200 18% 1S«; 18%
Wabaah pfd ...... 8,000 35% 34% 35%
Whe-ling & L E .. 200 15 IS J4H
Wieconelo . Central.. fiOO 18% 18U lbJi
. - - - .
THE/:SAN FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12. 1904.
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 600 42% 42% 42 %
Express Companies — •
Adams • 220
American -. .... '190 t
United States 105
AVells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. . 18,600 47 45% 47
Am Car & Found .... 10
Am Car & F pfd .'.'..> 67
Am Cotton Oil.... 2,200 20% 29 2J>%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. ...". 83 •
American Ice 3,800 SVs 8 7%
American Ice pfd.. 200 29% 20% 29«i
Amer Linseed Ol.. 100 10 10 10
Amer Lin Oil pfd 28 '
Amer Locomotive..* "1,200 21% 21% 21%
Amer Loco pfd.... ■'. 7^^i
Am Smelt & Ref ' ..;. 4S 1 '*
Am S & Ref pfd.. . 100. 00% : 90% 00',i
Amer Sugar Ref.. 2.700 124% 123%' 123%
Anaconda MIn Co.. ••..■...•'. .-...-. .... 64% t
Brklyn Rap Trans. 20,900^ s 43>i .42 4_vs
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1 300 '32' 31 32
Consolidated Gss...' 3,400. *1»1 ' ' 187% 191
Corn Products. , 500 ' 18% - 18 , 16*4
Corn Products pfd. ."..'..'.... 70
Distillers' Sees • '.■■...'. ' = .... . 2.1 '
Genera! Electric... 400 166 166 165
International Paper 11%
. Interntl Paper pfd ' .... •....' C4 •■
International Pump •.,... 33
Interntl Pump pfd .... ' 71%
National Lead.... ..:. ,'- 15-
North American... GOO 85>i 84V4 -84'
Pacific Mall 100 28'.4 28^
Peoples Gas COO 100% »9% 100%
Pressed Steel Car ....' 28%
Pressed S Car pfd .. ' ' ...'. : .... 00%-
Pullman Palace-Car ..... .-...'• ......210-
Republic Steel ,. . .......... 7>i
Republic Steel pftf. .... , .... .... 4i.
Rubber Goods v .' 100 19V4 ' W\i - 19
Rubber Goods Ff-d.-.' 100 78 •" • 78 '77%
Ttnn Coal & Iron.. 400 36% S'i 3«% 30%
U ii Leather ; 400- 7%'i', ~\b ' T l M
U S Leather pfd... ' €00 77%. --77 - "Hi'.
U S Realty «!00 % 7% ' 7%' ~%
V S Realty pfd....; l'.OOO 55 64% v 64%
U S Rubber 100 11% 11*5 11%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 4S% 48% 48
U S Sttel 1,500 11% 11V, 11%
ITS Steel pfd 22,400 57V4 5fi%, 57
Wej-tinghouse Elec. :J<K> ltJl lHO^, 160%
Western Union • J.W ' 87% 87% 87%
Total sales 2W*. 700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco, 4000 at
$T'J 12%, '> 1000 at $79. . V -
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. '
, Bid 3%. asked 4; preferred, bid 34, asked
34* 4 . -
NEW YORK BONDS.'. . '
U S ref 2s' reg..lOJ?i Man con gold ; 48.103%
Do coupon." 10494 Mex Cent 4s ..85
Do 3s reg 106 ■ D o 1st ine: . . . . 13
Do coupon. ....106 Minn & St v L 4s. 97
Do new 4s reg.l32Vi M. K & Tex 4s.. 97%
Do coupon 132H Do 2ds ....... 77%
Do old 4s reg. .107 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Do coupon 107 N Y C gen 3%s.. »7%
Atch gen 4s 89% N J C gen 5s...i:;0
Do adj 4e S7% Nor Pacific 4s.. 103
Atlantic C L 4s. 92% Do 3s ,71
Bal & Ohio 4s... 101 H N'or & W con 4«. »7%
Do 3%s 0."!% OSL 4s & partlc. 01%
Central of Ga 5s.I05T» Pa conv 3%s 95
Do let lnc 70 Reading gen 4s.. »6
Ches & Ohio 4>is.l03i4 SL. & I M con 5s.ll2
Chi & Alton 3%s. 75 S L. & S F fg 4s. 81%
C B & Q new 4s. fll St Louis SW lsts. 92%
CM & StP gn4s.lCS Seaboard A L 4a. 67
C & NW con 7s.l29% So Pac 4s 8S%
C, R I & Pac 4s. CS% So Ry 5s ."112
Do col r»s 80ft Tex .& Pac lsts.115%
C.C.C & StLgn 4s »R T. St L & W 4s. 0!»
Chi Term 4s 7K% Union Pac 4s.. ..102%
i Cons Tobacco 4s. 55 Do conv 4s 1*5%
i Colo & So 4s 85U V S Steel 2d 5s. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% Wabash lsts 115
Erie prior lien *4s 9ti V« Do deb B.... . Bl«
Do gen 4s 85% W & L Erie 4s. OOVi
F W & D C lsts.104'4 WIs Ctnt 4s. 89
Hocking Val 4%s.lC5% C F & I conv 4s. C0%
L & N unified 4r. OS^i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 i_ittle Chief 07
Alice 15 Ontario 4 50
Breece 10 Ophlr 3 40
Bruns Con 05' Phoenix 08
Con) Tunnel C6t Poto«l 10
Con Cal & Va... 1 40! Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev 42
Iron Silver 1 EOi Small Hopes 40
Leadville Con 02! Standard 2 40
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — Westing Common. 78
Call loans 3%(54% Mining-
Time loans.. ..4*£$r5% Adventure V. .'.'...' 2 %
Bonds — Allouez 4
Atchison 4s 97% Amal Copper. 45%
Mex Cent 4s 64 Blngham 10%
Railroads — | Calumet & Hecla.440
Atchison 67% 'Centennial 17%
Do prd...r RJHijCopper Range.... 40
, Boston & Albany. 245 j Daly West 34
Boston & Maine. 1C6 !Dom Coal 58
Boston Kiev 137 Franklin RU
; N Y. N H & H..1H2 I«l« Royal* 7>i
I Fltchburg pfd. . /:i:>5 Mohawk 35
; Union Pactnc 77% Old Dominion i... »V4
i Mex Central 054 Osceola .15
Miscellaneous — Parrot 23%
Amer Sugar 123% Quincy 85'
Do pfd 124 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 123 Tamarack 102
Dom Iron & S-. S% Trinity .4%
Gen Electric 1«4 United States 2J>&,
Mass EJectric... 21*1 Utah 32V4
Do pfd 77% Victoria 3%
United Fruit 9« Wlnona 514
U 8 Steel lit; Wolverine 70 '
Do pfd 56%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons fcr money. 86%]N Y Central 118*1
Do for acct.86 9-lfi Nor & Western.. 59 U
Anaconda 3 Vi Do pfd 89
Atchison 69% Ont & Western.. 21%
Do pfd 92^i Pennsylvania C«u
Bal & Ohio 79'i Rand MInea 8T4
Can Pacific 1 19% I Reading 21%
Ches & Ohio... 32& I Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great W 16 Do 2d pfd 2»%
Chi. Mil & St P.14«%jSo Railway...... 20%
Be Beers 14*4 Do pfd 84
Den & Rio G 2<H4 So Pacific 4TVJ
Do pfd 70U Union Pacific 79U
Erie 26% Do pfd f)2vi
Do 1st pfd P.5% U S Steel UV.
Do 2d pfd....'.. 44% Do pfd 5KU
111 Central 131^ Wabarh 19
Louis & Nash. ..106 Do pfd.. Sfi'i
M. K * Tex 16«i *
Bar silver— Steady. 26%d per ounce.
Money — 2%*83V4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is .T>4fS3% per cent and for three
months' bills 3%(gy% per cent.
Bradstrcet's Reviezv.
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Bradstreefa to-mor
row will say: Cold w«athcr is still a bar to
expansion in spring trade throughout the West
but signs of life are found In leading Eastern
markets. . The Baltimore fire and the begin
ning of hostilities In the Far East, though af
fecting speculative markets to some- extent,
have not had notable results In jratJp outside
of nectionn Immediately concerned though
come nf the present great strength of price*
of roost commodities may be attributed to the
latter development. Trade and Industrial op
erations betray effects of conservatism some
time ago predicted, but.lt Is yet too early to
measure the possible extent to which tho eea
fon's turnover will contrast with the excep
tionally large business done In all lines one
year ago. Railroad operations, owing to ae
ver« weather In January, are resulting In de
creased grosa earning* of the reduced net earn
ings for December. Outside of the division of
some Immediate distributive buslr.et-s from
Uie burned city to other markets, the effects
of the Baltimore flro have. been striking in
contrast with corresponding events In the dis
tant past. Good management of-*the insurance
bueinees Is Illustrated In 'the fact that with
a poEFible loss of $C5.O00,000. no- real embar
rassment In meeting obligations Is expected
and" the restoring of the city normal condi
tions Is making swift progress. Cold weather
prevents outeido activities in building and
limits buying of material. On tho Pacific
Coast trade is improving, and special activity
In war supplies, coal, fodder, dried and canned
flfh and flour is noted. .
• Raw- wool Is quietly firm/with coarse wools
displaying most strength.
Tho Iron trado Is Irregular. Other metals
are dull, but copper is rather firm, while lead
is stror~.
Whtat, including flour, exports for five days
ending February 10 aggregated 1,450.255 bush
els aeainst 2,«104.22<5 last week and 2.S5C 4.'J9
bushels thla week last year.
Jiu5ir.es* failures of the United States for
five days ' ending with , February 10 number
202, asalntt 210 last week and* 217 last year.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW 'YORK, Feb. 11. — The cotton -market
opened firm at an advance of 21 points to 52
points on covering and moderate bull support
following higher cables than anticipated the
result of a good spot demand at .advancing
prices and rumors that a fresh bull syndicate
had been formed. There was * however no
sign of aggressive buying for long account,
and after, the can -the market ruled quiet
There was a good deal of profit-taking by
yesterday'* buyers, who were not disposed to
carry their holdings over the holiday In view
of the possibility of complications In the Far
East, and during the forenoon there were fre
quent though narrow setbacks, with the mar
ket generally showing an upward tendency
until shortly after midday, when March was
quoted at 13.850. May at 15.09c and July at
14.18c. a net advance of 68@74 points on these
positions.' . This '. level attracted . heavy : offer
ings, but' after a recession of , 8 or -10 point*
the market t-ho wed resistance to a further d.:
cline ruling generally -steady .to firm. Just
before the close - the local bull leader bid for
March, rallying the market-to about the best
for the day. The close was very steady at a
net advance of 35 to 72 points.
NEW ORLEANS. -
I NEW ORLEANS, FebJ. ll.-^-Cotton, to-day
made what would .be . considered sensational
advances in ordinary times, closing prices be
ing 85 to 96 points higher than the close of
yesterday. The market, however, showed little
excitement and the tone throughout was
steady. Tho demand for March contracts Waa
enormous, bids beinc continually made for
from 1000 to 5000 bales. - Offerings were not at
all free and the consequence was that March
made the greatest gain of the day, 99^ pplntfl.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK; Feb. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.500 barrels; exports, (iSOO. Active and firm.
WHEAT — Receipts and exports, none. 8pot,
firm; No. 2 red. 97c elevator; No. 2 red, 9"Uc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $103
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady, but at
once developed heaviness and a decline under
rcalizlng4n anticipation of. the holiday. Later,
impelled by a strong cash demand In Western
markets, : everything recovered, closing- -un
changed. May closed -,97c, : July closed 92«4c
September closed 85%c. . . - .-'.,-
HOPS— Firm. . • \.v- . .. . •,
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm. . ' , . : ■ •.
PETROLEUM— Easy, ,.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, nomiual;\No. 7 invoice,
7 13-lCc; mild,' steady. ' The market for coffee
futures ruled • firm during the. entire session,
closing steady at a not advance of 25 to 40 <
points.' Kales. 201,000 bags, including: Mnrch. •;
6.20fEfG.3Gc; May, (5.S5S6.0Oc: July, 6.65®tt.83c;
September, 7@7.15c; December,. 7.30@T.45c. ',
' 'SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
: - . .DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet, with demand light. Common,- „ 4@5c;
prime. 5&®5Kc;- choice. *5VJ*g:0c; '.fancy, 6%
®7c. • . £
- PRUNES-^-Ruled steady at from 3%c to 6%c,
according to' grade.- - .' - : * • • • • J
APRICOTS— Are -less active. Prices rule
firm. CfWce. fi^@10c; extra choice, , 10V«@
*10%c; fancy. l'-'iglCc. ■ • '
PEACHES— Quiet. Choice, 7K@7%c; extra
choice. 7%<U)iU c ; fancy. 0@10c. . v /■'.:■■■ • '
■■■' yczv:Ybrk\MetalMdrket. V "■
Feb.. 11.— Tin was higher In
Ix>ndon, advancing £1 12s, to £126 10s for spot
a^d £.1 17s Od to_£126 17h 6d for futures.
Locally, tin was' higher In Bympathy w.lth the
•advance- abroad.'- and price's advanced 'to $26 80
bid for spot and $27 9U@28 50 for February dc- '
livery. • , * ■ ' , . ' ,
Copper was 10e : higher in Ix>ndon at £56
2s 6d" for spot •anil £55\17a -0d for futures.,
locally lake. is. quote* at; $12 25@12 50. >lee
trolytic' at $12 12iii812 3T^ and - castingr at
?12.i2'i<F12 37H- ,-;«. r . ■., ...'- '
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 16s in London,
but VaB' unchanged .locallr'.ffti $4 '45®4 JbQ. •
' Spelter "was- pnchange^l' at '$4 »0@l I -jn'-'New
•York andat'iJSlvlSs .in "London^ i ':.-. • -" ■
' Irm unchanged ;at 50s. 3d «,Jn., Glasgow 'apd
at 42s'4V.d in Mid<Bcsboro." -. Locally. Iron'was
unchanged. No. 1 roundry^"yorthfrn.'$15i@ 1 16;
No. 2 foundry. Northern. $141815 ; No."' 1 foun
dry Southern, and. No. 1- foundry. Southern,
soft, $13 75@14 25. :.". . .' ' .-,.'...
Nczv York Dry Goods. -
-. NEW YORK.- Feb. 11-7— The reaction in the
cotton- market has affected the views, of a
good many manufacturers of dry goods who,
wer? disposed to take a pessimistic view of the
situation and who In certain instances were
inclined to offer cencessions. Now. however,
the outlook for business of a moderate size is
regarded as bright for next week.- with jobbers
coming into the market for reassortments.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Fnture Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 11.— Initial sales of May
wheat were made at 06c to OX5V4e — prices a
shade higher to %®Hc lower than yester
day's closing quotations. July was unchanged
to \\e lower at S7Vic to.S7%c. Several large
commission fiouws and many local holders
were liberar sellers at the. »tart, . influenced
by the fact 'that there would' be no session
of the board to-morrow— Lincoln's birthday.
Fears of .serious developments before, the' re
sumption V»f trade Saturday, caused much even
ing up of fifties. Within the -first hour May
declined to U4%c, while July sold off to 86%c.
Buying on the break,, however, was of equally
as good a character as the previous selling.
Commission houses had -plenty- of orders to
purchase July, and the price' of that' option
soon started upward again. . May followed In
sympathy. News from the j XorthweaT con
tinued of a bullish niture and, the demand for
cash wheat here and at the seaboard wab much
Improved. Toward th* en4«*rfwttw».ae*sfon there
was considerable selling of 'both May and July
by the leading bull factors. As a ! rule i many
local traders took the i«elHng side of the mar
ket. An easier tone developed, ■ lasting until
the close, May leaving off' at 959i©05%c. July
closed unchanged at 87%c, after reaching 88%c.
Weakness was In evidence in the corn pit
early. - TheVe was heavy selling by the large
bull interests. Late in the day there was
liquidation by holders who did not care - to
carry lines over the holiday, and thin selling
cfyired some reaction. The close, however,
was firm. May-opened a shade to Vi®%c lower
at 53%c to M*,c. sold off to 52Hc. and after
advancing to !U%c closed at 63 T /i(B54c. July
showed a gain of \i@%c. closing at I>2%@
02i*c.
The oat market was Influenced to a large
extent by the action of corn, prices showing
moderate losses during the first . hour. The
close was strong, with May %c higher at 4,1cV
after it had ranged between 41'.4@43V4c. July
wan up %c at 30Vic.
The feature in trading In provisions was the
early break In the price of May pork, that
product losing 30c on general liquidation. The
decline was all regained later on an active
commission house demand. Packers were
credited with selling ribs, but the offerings
were all absorbed In buying for Investment ac
count. The close. was steady, with May pork
7%c higher at $14 82H- The range on pork
was between $14 42H@14 85. May lard closed
2V4c higher at ?7 72W, but ribs were off 2H&
Oc ftt J7 12V4.
The leadlnr futures ranged as follows:.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
May 00% ' S»«Vi 94X4 8.%%
July 8~% AS% 8rt4i &-%
September 83Mi 83% 82^ ■ &3"ii
Corn No. 2—
February : 50^
May &3*» o4V» 52% 54
Jifty 51?<, 52*4 "S1H 52>i
Oats No. 2—.
February ...'... .... , 40%
May.... 42U 431,; 41% 43
July -88«4-'3»%. -aSV'-SOU
September 33V' 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 14 70 14 85 14 42% 14 R2%~
July 14 77% 14 82U 14 R5 14 77%
Lard, i>er 100 lbs — ■ ■
Mas' .....7 70 7 75 7 G3 7 72%
July 7 85 7 82% 7 70 7 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— < ;
May 7 15 7 17% 7 05 t 12%
July 7 27% 7 30 7 17%'.: 7 25 •
Cash Grain arid Provisions.' ■
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— Cash quotations were
us follows: Flour, firm: No. 2 spring' wheat,
88®ti7c: No. 3. 80Jj94c;-No. U'red, 0.1%/gj)8%c:
No. 2 com. 4»%c: No. 2 yellow. 40%c; No. 2
oats. 40%«41c: No. 3 white, 40®43$ic; No. 2
rye. f>2c: good 'feeding barley." -39SJ41p; fair to
choice 'malting, 47<£58c; No.'* 1- ". flaxseed.
>i. 11%; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 18; prime tim
othy Feed, $3 10; mess pork, per bbl, ?14 50®
14 G2%: lard, ' per 100 lbs. • $7 50-^7 OR;, abort
ribs sides (loose), ?fl 75®7: short clear sides
(boxed). *7 12%<3'7 23; whisky, basis of : high
wines. ?1 27; clover, con tract grade, $10-75. .
Articles — .Receipts.' Shlpmsnts.
Flour, barrels 28,700 80,400
Wheat, bttthels ......... i. 45,100 21,800
Corn, bushels 219,100 l!>6,40O
Oats, bushels ......... 2S4.100 100,000
Rye. bushels : 6,200 . 1S,1OO
Barley, bushels 108,300 17.800
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. ',11.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm:
creameries, ,l5@23c; dairies. .. 17%<ff22c; . eggs,
steady at.. mark, cases Included, 28%©3iJ.Ac
cheese, steady, 9 %®10%c. .-* ", l" : -*^°'
Livestock Market. .
■ ' -" - ■ :
CHICAGO. '; *V
CHICAGO, Feb. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts
1000; slow. Good to prime steers, $4 16»5 60 :
poor to medium, $3 80<?H CO; etockers and
feeoers. $2®4 10; cowv$l f>0£4; heifers. »;{ig)
4 50; canners. $150©2 60; . bulls, fl 75©
4; calves, $3@7 25. -
HOGS— Receipts' to-day, 40,000; to-morrbw
30,000; about Bteady. . Mixed and butchers'
$4 U5@5 S3; -good to. choice heavy, J5 25@5 40
rough heavy, $.%iS5 25; light, $1 -73@5 20; bulk
Of sales. $5«5 25. - s . • ' «.- .. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 18,000; »h«ep and' lambs
steady. • Good - to choice wethera, s |4(/?4 50; fair
to - choice mixed.. $3 75JJ4; -Western sheen
|3 80«?4 50; native lambs, ?1 25®5 75- • West
ern lambs, «4 BO@G 10..
: Miscellaneous Markets. ,
Foreign .Futures.
LIVERPOOL/
Wheat— m : . - :"* Ul March. May-
Opening . ....R ...-.....:.. -6 lilj, etu
Closing: .:. — ...'...a b»; -e 4*4
: PARIS. .: .
Wheat — . ; . Feb. May-Aug
Our-kin:.' .................... 21 US ;■. a> 7k ■
Closing. 2165 21 75 .
. Flour— .
Opening 29 80 29 73
Closing* 29 90 29 70
Northern Business.
" SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— Clear! ngs. $711,608:
balances. $134,465.
TACOMA. Feb. 11.— Clearings, $344,075; bal
ance*. $36,594.
PORTLAND. / Feb. 11. — Clearings, $572,323;
balances. 148,476. ■ ' ■
SPOKANE, Feb. 11. — Clearings, $269,807;
balances,' $25,533. - r
N Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND,- Feb. 11.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 75a; blue stem, 80@Slc: valley, 79®SOc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 11.— Wheat— Blue stem, 81c;
club, 76c. .■-"...
LOCAL MARKETS.
. . Exchange and Bullion. ( .
* Silver, advanced l%c. Exchange on New
York was weak, but , was • not quoted lower
over . the . counter. . . ;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight... , — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — 4 87%
New Tork Exchange, sight....... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 15
Silver, per ounce — GS%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 @ 45
, Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign ' futures showed no ma
teria"! change, i Chicago, though still Irregular,
was less unsettled than on the preceding day,
with a big: short Interest in July reported. .A j
dispatch from there said: "Keep an eye on j
the Balkan situation. If war breaks out there
it tvIH affect prices more than «ny Russian- ■
■Japanese war." Kansas City was very etrcng
and 2c to 5c. higher on cash Wheat. -. = ' i
The rain lowered futures here, btit did not
affect the cash grain, which continued quiet. j
CASH WHEAT.' !
.California Club. $1 37%@1 42%t California !
: White Australian. $1 45®1 50; Northern Club.
$1 38%@1 41% •- Northern JBluestem. $1 47%@
150: Oregon Valley, . $1 -40. j
' » .: FUTURES. ;
- Session. 9 to ,11:30 a* m.' . \
i Open. .High.' Low. . Close.
May $1 39*;; $1 40% *1 29 Vi $1,39%
, - , • V " 2 "p. m,-' Session. : ■-
, ' ■ • Open.' .High.- Ijovc. .'Close.
May" .::.\..,$l 30% $l]??H? $1 »S%' $1 38^
'; BARLEY-rCash "grain "stood the. same,' but
'futures', wtre /tower owing' to the rain. . The
market was 'quiet; ■ ■ ' ' ■ . . . -
.'"-".: CASH BARLEY.
• Feed, $1 10@l 12%; Shipping . and ' 'Brew
.lng.-$l 1501 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%@1 40 for
fair, to choice. & <-. . ...
, . .FUTURES.
;* ' . Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. j
■Open.' High. Low. Close. 1
May :...$1W 4 $1 07% $1 O«H $1 07
December ... 104 1 04 1 04 1 04
•"•"--. ' ■ ! 2 p. m. Session. - I
. Open. High.' • Low. Close.
May *.$1 06»/i $1 CC% $1 06^4 $1 Wiai
December ... 1 (J5»4 1 02»4 . 1 02% 1 02% j
" OATS-^There was a tip on 'Change yester- ;
day that a large house had received an order I
..for 1000 tonsfor the Orient and that an agent
of the same house had sailed on the China 1
steamer Wednesday with - samples of forage,
presumably for one or both of the Oriental 1
belligerents.' " • . • !
The market rules firm at previous quotation*, j
White. $1 27%@1 37%; Black. $1 25@l 55;-|
Red. $1 25®1 32% for feed and $1 30@l 35 for ]
seed':' Grays. $1 32% per ctl. '
CORN — Firm but quiet. Quotations un- j
changed. !
Western sacked. $1 35 for Yellow. $1 35 for ,
I White and $L 32% for Mixed: California large ,
Yellow. $1 4U; small round do. $1 50; White. ;
'$1 37% per ctl: Egyptian. $1 42% for w.hlte 1
! and $1 25 for brown.
i RYE-rShipmenta from this market to Seattle.
• already mentioned, continue, and the market
i is steady at *1 3001 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75i&2 per ctl. [
Flour and Millstuffs. ■
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60tf| j
4 85 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50<g4 (a): |
-Oregon and Washington $3 00®4 20 per bbl for
! Family and $3 90®4 40 for Bakers'. 1
j MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as |
follows: , Graham - Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; 1
' Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour, j
i $7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat I
Groats. $4 50;" Hominy. fl|M 25; Buckwheat :
Flour $4 50ft4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa-
I'rina. -'$1 50; Whole "Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled .
! Oats bbls. $7 25«?S CO; In sacks. $6 75®8 10: '
I Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green ;
; Peas. $5 SO per 100 lbs. :
. Hay Jand. Feed stuffs. \
I
1 Nothing yet has developed concerning the <
I Japanese Inquiries for Ha- in this market, i
I It Is known, however, that they have re
cently taken 2500 ton* of Barley up north and j
• that they have given\n order for 1000 tons of
i Oats In this city, so an inquiry from them
for Hay would not be surprising. The market
ruled firm yesterday morning In spite of the
threatened rainstorm. I
.Mixed Feed is • slightly higher and Rolled,
] Barley slightly lower. Bran and Middlings
are firm and unchanged.
BRAN— $21022 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton.
j SHORTS— $21022 per ton. • *!
FEEDSTUFF8— -Rolltd Barley. $23924 per I
! ton: -Oilcake „ Meal at the mill. $29 50^31;
' jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake, $21@1!2: Corn j
i Meal. J2S 5Q@29 50: Cracked Corn. $29-930: |
J Mixed Feed. $22®23; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
• HAY— -Wheat. $15<gl8; Wheat and Oat.' $140 I
I 47; Oat $14@17; Wild Oat. $14®16; Barley. I
$12©14 50; Stock, nominal— none here; Alfalfa, j
$12«13 50 per ton. . j
STRAW — C0@75c per bale. . f
Y Beans and Seeds. ■ j
y All kinds of Beans remain as before quoted, I
but the rain has a weakening tendency.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 2. r^T2 50: Pea. '$3; But- i
ters. $3 50; small White. $2 75(53; large White. |
! $2 20(82 55; Pink. $2 9O@3 10; Red, $4 2534 50-1
Lima $3 25@3 SO: Red Kidneys. $4 25@4 50;
Blackeye. $2 15(g2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2«?2 60.
SEED8— Brown Mustard. $3 50: Yellow Mus
tard $2 C5@2 SO: Flax. ! $1 S0O1 00: Canary.
B®.">Wc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@14%ic; Rape,
lV4®2c: Timothy. 6@C%c: Hemp, 3V4@3%c per I
lb; Millet. 8©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $201921
per- ton. • .
I gj DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25JJ2 50 p«r ctL
Potatoes/ Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato situation showed' no change.
Holders were still asking high prices, but trade
was of at hand-to-mouth character.; The Ore
gon steamer, '. which arrived too late for the
'regular^ trade, brought 3612 sacks, a much
smaller quantity than expected. Salinas and
Lompoc Burbanks Rre cleaned out of first
hands, and as there aro no more coming in the
quotations are withdrawn. Bwoets were In free
] supply and dull at the previously j quoted rate.
i Another carload camu In. Onions were firmly
i held at still, higher prices. Two carloads came j
In from Oregon. . ■ •
With the , exception of Peas, which were in
free supply, ■ all descriptions of Los Angeles
vegetables were in light receipt and prices of
most -kinds ringed higher. The top quotation 1
for 'Peas v.*as obtained only for occasional lots.
6c being the ruling price for the general run
of offerings. Hothouse Cucumbers were plenti
ful and dull at lower prices, .while Rhubarb
wac scarce and higher. New Potatoes from
across tha bay were In fair request at 2@-3c
per pound. No Asparagus came in. • •
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 05c@
$110 per" ctl; Oregon- Burbanks. ' $1 1O5J
1 30 per ctl;.Petaluma Burbanks. $1 05 per ctl:
River Reds.$l©l 10 per ctl ; Garnet Chiles. 90c@
$1 05 per ctl; Early Rose. 00c©$l 05 per ctl;
SwtVt Potatoes, $2 per ctl. .
ONIONS— lYellow, $2 25 per ctl for Oregon
and -$2 60 ' f or • Nevadan ; Green Onions, 50@75c
per boxf ■•■-• - - ■-' •
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 5©7c per lb:.
String B*ans. 15«xl7%e * per lb: Wax, :
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 76c® $1 25 per. box j
or crate; Rhubarh, OtfflOc per lb: Summer!
Squash trim Los Angeles. $1 25gl 60 per box: ;
Cabbage.^ $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack; j
Hothouso Cucumbers, 50<fJ75c per dozen for 1
■mall. and $lig!l 25 for. large; Garlic. 5@(ic per
lb: Egg Plant, 15020c per Ib; Dried Peppers.
8<gSe per lb for Stockton and 10012 %c - for
southern: Dried Okra.- 12%c per lb; Green Pep
pers. 15620c per lb: Mushrooms. 40® SOc per lb;
I Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $10Q?15 per
ton for ;' round*, lots and %@Jic per lb for
sacked. > . ,-. ••
... Poultry and Game.
'■■ AH descriptions of domestic live Poultry ruled
firm at previous prices, receipts being moderate
and tlie demand brisk. Young chickens had
the; most call, particularly young Roosters,
which were In demand among the Chinese, and
occasional lots of fine large stock sold above
the quotations. • The third car of Western for
the current week was on sale and cleaned up
quickly at good prices. A few straggling lots
of dressed Turkeys were received and sold at a
wide range as to quality. •
There were no changes in Game. Receipts,
while light. -were well up. to requirements.
'POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 18Q22c per lb;
live 'Turkeys. 15@17c per lb; Geese, per .pair,
$282 25; . Goslings, $202 25; Ducks. $5 5008
per do*en for old and $6(S7 for young; Hens.
$6 5OJT7 for large end ?5 50@6 for small : young
Roosters, $6 50f ,1 60; old Rooetera, $5@5 50;
Fryers, $5 B0@6 ;> Broilers, $4 80<85 for larga
and $4®4 60 for ■ small : Pigeons. $1 25 . • per
dozen for old and $2 23SJ- SO for Squabs. -
-came— Mallard Ducks, , $3@4 50 per dojen;
Canvasback. $3©5; Sprig. ?2©2 50; Teal. $1 509
2;. Widgeon. $1 50®2; small Ducks, $131 -5;
Gray Geese $3; White Geese.-. $101 25;
Erant. $1 25 for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers $4"5O for large and $3 50 for «maH:
English Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50: Wild
Doves |X: Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no further decrfSe In Butter, but
t.he market was liberally supplied and weak,
with a slow demand and gradually enlarging
stocks ■ ■
Cheese Is demoralized, with many sellers
and few buyers, and these exacting conces
sions from the quotations, which sellers, as a»
rule, are only too willing to grant.
Rainy and warmer weather, heavy receipts
and accumulating stocks • made Eggs weak,
and though there was no positive decline close
buyers could shade the quotations. The great
bulk of the business In ranch Eggs was at
25c. and sales at 20c were the exception
rather than the rule. ' -■
Receipts were 40,000 lbs Butter. 11 10 cases
Eggs and 31.300 lbs Cheese. „„.»„
BUTTER—Creamery ot first hands. 20(32. c,
for firsts. 28c for extras and 25c for seconds:
dairy 18®22c; store Butter, nominal; cold
storage 2lO22o for extras. 17@20c for seconds
and lO01.Sc for ladle- packed . %
CHEESE — 10%@llV-c for good to choice new
and 8®10c for lower grades; Young Americas.
ll@12c; Eastern, 15®lCc; Western, 14@15c per
pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 25626c fcr choice to fancy
and 24c for small and mixed colors; store,
2.Wj24c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The low prices of. Oranges seemed to attract
trade and there was some little activity In
that fruit during the early morning, but the
market was very dull during tha greater part
of the day owing to the rainy weather. There
was nothing dolns In the shipping line, as all
orders had been filled at the auction sale on
the preceding day. Supplies of the large sires
of Navels while still comparatively light, were
more plentiful than they have been, and It was
difficult to obtain over $2 per box for the very
finest offerings. The other citrus fruits were
dull and unchanged. The Panama steamer
: brought. up 131 cases Mexican Limes and £\
i crates Pineapple*. '
There was nothing new to report in Apples or
P< APPLES— $1 75@2 per box for extra fancy;
$1 25@1 50 fcr ordinary fancy. 85c®$l for
choice and &0<375c for common.
PKARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage,
$1 75©2 per box. • ' il'di
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 23£2
per box for fancy. 75c«?l 25 for choice and 50c
«i$l for standards; Seedlings. 5Oc«$l: Tan
1 gerlnei*. $»jl 50 per box; Lemons. $1 ..W2 50 for
i fancy, $1 25<§1 CO for choice and 75c<8Jl lor
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 50<82 50; Mexican
Limes $5 50@tt; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $2»2 50 for Central American;
Pineapples. $1 50<92 per dozen for Central
American and $3@5 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fntits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7Vi@9%c for Royals and 9
fillc for Moorparksr Evaporated Apples. 4©
5%c; sun-dried, 3@4c; Peachee. &©6%c; Pears.
B@10c; Nectarine*. 4®i>%c: Figs, white. 4@4%c
m boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6®9c per
{ pound
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%@2%c for tha four
"eizes.
I RAISINS — The Association announces the
! following new prices for 190*: Standard grades.
fiO-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5V4c per
! lb; 2-crown, 5*»c: 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Loose
1 Muscatels, 4V»c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
I Malaga locse, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5Hc;
I Seedless Sultanas', unbleached. 4%c: Seedless
1 Thompsons, unblearhed. 5',-ic. Layers, per 20
'■ lb box — tt-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
, $2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
i London Layers. $1 25, usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy I6-0*
• cartons per lb, 7?ic;. fancy 12-oz cartons, per
I package, 67ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
I choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-oz
' cartdns. per package. 6Hc; choice bulk car
' tons, per lb. 7V,c: 10-oz cartons, seeded S«ed
lings. Muscatels, per !b, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb 674c.
I NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%©14c;
• No. 2. ll%'812c; No. 1 hardshell, 13ijU3%c;
! No 2 ll^UV'C; Alrronds, lie for Nonpareils.
i lOVic for I X"L. 10*ic for Ne Pliw Ultra and
! B%e for Lang^iedoc: Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern:
Pecans. ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50©5; Chest
nuts. .V87c per lb.
: HONEY — Comb, 10!511%c for white and S%©
< 9%c for smbor; water white extracted, 5©
I 5»ic; light amber extracted, 4%®4%c; dark.
I 3%«i4c.
BEESAVAX— 27(5 29c per lb.
; Proz'isions.
• Chicago remained about the same. Re
'■ celpts of Hogs continued liberal and the seh
\ tlment among packers and outsiders was gen
' erally bearish.
There wits nothing neWin this market. The
; trade hope that, the Oriental war will throw
J some trade In cured meats this way. and as
i this market Is again below the parity of Chi
j cago there is more or less talk of an advance
in the near future. , . :
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
I heavy. 11 %c for light medium. 13%c for light.
'. 14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
. Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c: California
Hams, 12%&13c: Mess Beef, fll 60 per bbl:
1 extra Mess. $12312 50; Family. $13; prime
Mess Pork. $U5; extra clear, $24; Mess, $1S;
Dry Salted Pork, lie; Pig Pork, $27; Pigs'
Fett, *5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
' pound and OHc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
j »?;c; 10-lb tins, lOUc; 5-lb tins. 10?4c: 3-lb
tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
I S&c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
\ Hides, Tallozv, Wool and. Hops.
! HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
' about %®le under quotations. Heavy Salted
j Steers, 9%c; medium, 8%c: light, Sc; Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and He for light: Stags. 6c;
i Salted Kip 9o: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
I 10%c; dry Hides, l|®16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
j Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c each;
! short Wool, 40® 65c each; medium. 70©90c: long
Wool. $l<fn r>0: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
I lare$ and $2f« 60 for medium. $1 25®1 75 for
I smMl and SOc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
SI 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
I for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
I Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
j Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prim* An
| goras, 7.V:; ?arge and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c;
I •mall. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb: No.
2. 3%c; grouse. 2%®3c —
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9©
lie; Middle County, 11312c; Northern Defect
ive, 9@10c; Nevada. 13@lttc; Oregon, fine. 189
19c: Oregon medlijm 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25©30c*p<r lb for California. 1803,
! and -20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
arc as follows:
BEEF— 0>i®7%c for Steers and 5%<3«%c per
lb fcr Cows.
1; VEAL — Large, SgOc; small. &&10c per lb.
i MUTTON— Wethers. 0%®10c; Ewes. 9#9%c
i per Ib. . •
I LAMB— Spring. 15@16e.
, PORK— Dressed Hcgs. 7<33%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations, are for good, sound
Livestock*, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle 1
CATTLE— Steers. S©Oc; Cows and Heifers,
7J7Sc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4g4V>c por Ib (gro«s weight).
1 SHEEP— Wethe'rs. 4%@5c; Ewes. 4)4@4%o
I per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 5£3%c per lb.
, HOGS— Ltve Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs, 5U©6%c;
over 180 lbs. 5c; roft Hogs. 4%c; Sows, 20 p«r
cent olf; Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5V4c: San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%
G*c. ■ .. '
COAL — Wellington, $S p«r ton*. New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant, $8 60; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standanl. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich-
I mond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
I $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
f $14; 'Velsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
j $11 uO; Cannel, $3 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50>j
! 13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
I Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
j . Harrison's- circular says: "8lnce the de
[ parture of the steamship Sonoma there has
• been but one delivery of coal from Australian
ports, namely. Bt. Mlrren. with 3200 tons of
coal. There are fire cargoes now afloat bound
for this port, and there are In * all fourteen
cargoes. Including the five now en route en
gaged to transport coal here; the total carry
ing capacity of the fourteen vessels is about
35,000 tons. The quantity of colonial coal
here In yard Is very. light; it consists princi
pally-of coal suitable for house uses; the coal
required for steam purposes Is being - freely
delivered . from the British Columbia collieries
at prices with which the Newcastle collieries
cannot compete ; with, as the freight on coal
from , Newcastle to San Francisco is fully
double what is asked for the same service from
British Columbia, . hence if the colonial mine
owners are solicitous to retain their trade here
locally,- they "will be forced to reduce their
figure* materially below, their present asking
prices. The war between Russia and Japan
now commenced, will not ..In any way affect
the coal trade on this. side so long as no other
nations shall become Involved. Tha output
of fuel oil Is still further Increasing; the
prices remain steady. The Government' trans
ports 1 returning from the Philippines have re
cently been loading coal at Japanese ports, as
they have had* but' little freight, and few
passengers returning here."
• t : OILS— Quotation* are lor barrels; for casea.
APCTION SALES
fe Sixth and Last Consignment fe
AUCTION SALE OP
100 Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 1200,
Consigned by tho Churchill Co.'s J. F.. C. B..
and D. Ranches. Yreka. Sisklyou Co.
To Be Sold On
THURSDAY, February 18, 1904,
At 11 a. m.. at
. SALEYARD. 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE * CO..
Livestock Auctioneer*.
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 10*81 12: Lucol, 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 6O@70c per gallon-
Cocoanut Oil in barrel*. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SOc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 73c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. Wo: natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard OU, $5c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 75c;.
No. 1 Nealsfcot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil..
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43e; Salmon OU. 88c;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. SSc; boiled
Paint Oil. JKSeJ raw Paint Oil, 3Cc.
COAL OIL— Stov» Gasoline is lo loww.
Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil
In cases. 21 He;' Astral 21 He; Star 21%c:
Extra Star. 25%c; Elaine." 27%c; Eocene 24%V,
Deodorized Stov* Gasoline In bulk 16c- In
cases. 22Uc: Benzine, in bulk. 13c:'tn cases.
lOVic; S6-degree Gasoline, in bu'.k 25c*? In
cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon In cases and
82c in drums and lrcn barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 6%<3
7c per 1b; White Lead. e»i@7c. according to
quantity.
ST,OAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.53c*
Powdered. 6.40c; Candy Granulated, 5. 40c- Dry
Granulated, line. 5.30c; Dry Granulated coarse
6.30c; Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(lOC-lb bags only). 5.10c; Confectioners" a
6.30c; Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.80c; Golden
C. 4.70c; "D," 4.60c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; bcxea, SOc more; 30-lb bag*.
10c more fcr all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels
5.80c; boxes. 6.05c; II A E. Crystal Domlncs.
8.S0c per lb. No orders taken for less thaa
seventy-Cve barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAT, FEBRUARY 11.
Flour, qr sks .. 14.507i Paper reams .. *0!V
Wheat, ctls SCO. Lime, bbls 4r.«
Barley. ctl» .... 1.893 Beans, sks ..., 231H
Oats, ctls 3tC Potatoes ska .. 3 ino
Sugar, ctls 2.770 Bran, sks 1.3ns
Pelts, bdls 4.1U Onions sks 71O
Hides. No. ...:. 8«4 Screenings. sks. 2O
Quicksilver, flks 5.T Shorts sks .... ' 3SO 1
Leather, rolls .. 115 Wool, bales ..." i
Wine, gals 62.S50 Hay tons 451
Brandy, gali .. 1,500 Rye. ctls ...... I,<M5
Tallow, ctls ... 3C
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 6.568! Middlings aksr.. 1113
Potatoes. «ks .. 3.«12; Broomcorn bdls 34
Bran, sks 6.400'
STOCK MARKET.
Continued Weakness in the Sugar
Stocks.
__
The sugar stocka continued weak, with
Hutcklnscn selling off to %~ and Paauhau ?o
$10. California Wine was also lower at
|93 CO®OT. Otherwise there was nothing new
on the Bond Kxchange. business being light.
The oil stocks continued very quiet.
The Nevada Keystone Mining Comoany, a
Lbs Angeles corporation, recently paid a divi
dend of 3 Der cent. t
The Central Eureka Mining Company paid
a monthly dividend of 2 cents per share,
amounting to |SOO<>. yesterday.
The Debenture Surety Company of San
Francisco has declared a monthly dividend of
a cents per share, payable February 15.
The California Powder Company (new cor
poration) will pay a regular monthlv dividend
or 50 cents per share on February 20. ,
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
valley has declared a dividend of 10 cents
per share, payable February 13.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Feb. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
4a qr coup ..107 107% 4s qr epmwU2M133C
4s qr reg . .10C%107%j3a qr coup. . lOe^n,?^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co fell!) _
Bay CPC 5s.lO-jii — Do 5s ... 10O —
Cal C G Cs.lC.-J%105 Do con 5a. 101% 104
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Oa Cable 6s. — 1"4
Cal-st C 5s.ll4 — Pac G Im 4s. »4 9M
C C Wat 5s. — 101 P E Ry 5s.lC5%105%
E L * P 6«.125 131 P & C H 6s 103 —
F & C H 6s. — 12O PtORBsIld _
Geary-st 5«.. 45'i 0O Powell-st Rs.112% —
H C & S ,-|',sKH — S E G&R Zs. — 100
Do 5s .... OS HO-?; SF & SJVSs.llS USV
Hon R T fis.lC8 107 Sierra R 6s. 111% 112%
L A Elec Rs. — 104Vi S P of A 6s
L A Ry Bs.114 115 m <19CJ>> .. lc«
L A L Co «s. — — I <19lO) — . _
Do gtd fis. — — ; s p O f c gg
Do gtd 53.103s;iC5%: (19f5)Sr A 104*4
LAP lem .Is. 100>4 — (l!N^)Sr B.105 IOC
Mkt-st C 6s. 116% — (19C6> ....10«i4_
Do lem 5s. 115 115 (1912) ... Ii71.mil
MVAMt T59.101 _ SPC 1 eg 5s — —
NRR of C6s.lO6% — Do stmpd 10S«i —
Do 5s ....11SH119 : S P B R fis.134 —
N P C R 5a.lC5 — IS v Wat 6 3) 107% —
N C Ry 5a. — 114 Do 4s 2dm. ©OS, —
.v *£*«"»••.•• ~ 1On D O 4s 3dm. 80% —
7! «? ?■*? r"" ~ loO'iStkn G&E 6s — 100
O G LAH r.s.108 — i U O «r E 5s. — 106
O W gtd 5s. — 99 i
WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Co3ta — 41 \ Port Costa — —
Marin Co . . — 64 1 S V W Co! 37% 33%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P., 3% F O ft E. 5«% 57%
Mutual EL.— 12VStkn G * E. 5 —
s a EG'* C °R:^ ~ \ V G * E -~ »
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 56% — j
INSURANCE.
Firm's Fnd. — o!5 !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L, P & a.. 170
Anglo-Cal .. S7'-i — Mer Trust .. "35
Bank of Cal. — 445 Merch Ex .. — 64
Cal Safp Dp. — 147% S F Nationl. — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2U0O Sav & L So. — ICO
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U. 1 — 65O '
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%2C3 I Presidio .... — 42U
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Giant 61'i. 61%! Vigortt 3% —
Hana P Co. — 50c Kllauea S C ' -S'
Hawaiian C. 43% 44U Makawell C. 11 la**
Honokaa S C — 13 Onomea S C 23 29
Hutch S P C 7 — Paauhau S C . 9% 9*i
MISCEX.LANEOL-S.
Alaska P A.139 — Oceanic S C 4 S
Cal F C A. 96 07% Pac Aux FA. 3 «
Cal -Wine A. 92% 04 Pac C Borx.187 —
MV& MtTm.lOO —
Morning Session.
Board — v -
6 Paauhau S P Co 10 75
5 Paauhau S P Co '. . lo 50
$3,000 PacElectrlc Ry 5 per cent, a 30.105 25
$5,000 S P of C 0 per cent (.1906) 10*5 JO
$1,000 S P of C 6s (li¥)5. Series A)... 104 2.1
$2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s-<stamped)..108 75
Street —
52O.0CO S P of C 6a (1905. Series A).. 104 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 California Wine Association... 93 50
20 California Wine Association... 93 CO
35 Hutchlnson S P Co 7 OO
65 Paauhau S P Co IOOO
$1,000 8 P of Arizona (1910) 1C« 5O
$1,000 S P Cal 6s (1905. Series A).. 104 25*
■■- - ' Street
60 Central Light and. Power 3 5ft
SIO.OCO S P Cal 1st con 5s (staaRped)..10S 73
Unlisted Securities.
'MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
. , Bid.A-k. . ., -Bid.As*.
Bay CPC 6«. 95 100 Sun Tel 63.. 112 114%
B L AVat «s. — 120 Do !i ....102% — '
SF Drdk 5s. — 113% Suttr-stR 5s.lor> m
SF & NP 5s.llO%HU4 UR of SF 4s. 79% S0%
S P Co 4%s. OS 09
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. :
AU S Co — 2:t iMIU Nat Bk.3C0 —
Am Bla Co.. — »"% Nev Nat Bk. — 219
Cal Cot MHa. — 93 N S R R... 11 — .
Cal O*E Cor 40 — N Cal P Co. 9 —
C Jockey CU 99 120 Oak Bk Sav.lOS —
Cal Powder. 120 130 Oak T Con.. 63 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 — • IOOF Hall A «% —
Cal T I & T. — 155 Orpheum Co. — 16»i
,Cen Bk. Oak 6t f- Pac S Tel Co — 105
Chutes Co... 7% '»; 3 'Paraf Paint. 30 —
City ft C Bk. — 112 IS F Dk Co. .60 . —
Ka«t Dynm.. — 2S5 SF&SJ Coal. 18 23
FN Bk. Oak.120 — IS J Wat Co. — 1C«
Fischer Thtr — 2U S O4M Tgbt — 163
Frnch-A Bk.100 105 SwUs-A Bk.114 —
Gas Con A.. 19% 21 Truck Elec..— 13
Hono P Co. 6% 10 UR InC pfd. 45% —
Lon&S F Bk — 58 Vo com... 10% —
Mat Nav Co. — 90
Afternoon Session.
$3,000 S F A N P Ry 5s. b 3 til M
Continued on Pose : Fourteen,
1516
JOE ROSENBERG'S* ij{
The good kind at low prices.
Bought from an embarrassed
manufacturer who needed ready
money. It was a lucky purchase
of ours, and you will consider it
yours when you see tljem at j
these low prices.
LOT t.
330 XiADXES' and OEHTIEMEH'S
TjiiEEELLAS. steel rod. iron frame,
covered with fast black twilled cloth:
lar;r*> assortment of natural wood
handles. Price - S)c [
LOT 2.
3Prt LADIES' and GENTS' XJM-
DP.ELLAS covered with fast black
waterproof twilled cloth: steel rod
and iron frame; natural wood handle
with German metal trimmings. Price
40c
LOT 3.
GriTTS" TJIIBEELLAS; steel rod
•end "Paragon" frame, covered with
fast black, waterproof twilled cloth; '
hiphty polished natural wood handles
in great variety of shapes. Price" I
them elsewhere and you'll realize
bow low our prices are CJOe "
LOT 4.
L/.DIES" TJMBEELLAS, steel rod
end frame, hiphly polished horn han-
rtle. metal trimmed, f.ist black Eng-
lish twilled doth, waterproof. Good
judges look at these and you'll appre-
ciate* the value and the low price.UOc
LOT 5.
Lt-DIES' and GENTS' XTMBSEXt-
X.AS. the patent kind that open by i
touchinp a sprinp. steel rod with 21
Uteel ribf«. making it impossible to
turn inside out; English twilled
cloth, natural wood handles, metal
trimmed. Economical people here is
vour chance to save 7Sc
lot e.
LADIES' and GENTS' UMBREL-
LAS of twilled gloria cloth, fast
black and waterproof, elaborately
c*rvr>d silver handles, also Congo and
willow wood, trimmed handles.' Price
81. OO
LOT 7.
GENTS' TTMBHELLA covered with
extra fine fast black twilled cloth,
eteel rod and extva strong frame;
fancy carved, hijr'.ily polished horn
handles inlaid with silver. Price...
9W2&
. SALE BAKCrilK BASEMENT.
JQ[ ROSENBERG
y y la The p r j ce .cutter
816 Market II OTarrell St.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
MM- fcj.aWWBir' ■>■ L^aCtymiHI; 1Ui *i M IBS**.
Dollar
Premium L. 8 1 coffees;
Free " s^? es I
... c . Cent* Bating
with Each v.r,._*u n j '
Worth Powder j
q are Beauties a
££\^ A thousand kinds /fc
Shf to Select from. *^U
H It Pays to P
L Trade at * ■
-Great Amerivan*Importiflg Tea Go's '
3 Stores
*8S1 Market 2:0 Grant av. K19 Polk ! i
.140 Sixth 1819 Drruadetv 705 Larkin
475B«isxt SOOC Sixteenth ?iS Hayes
S2S5Uia*km E21 Mostly are. £2 Market I
ZOOgFOlmore 2X5 RTieE-'on 148 Ninth j-
SC8 Third ra !4th 469 Fourth j
•
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
INSURANCE
New York Underwriters Agency
Assets - - - $14,500,000
Teltgnm from Home Office caya: "Fol-
lowing coarse uursued by this company in pre-
vleu* conflagration*, we are already adjusting
and pa.ylnjr B«!Utaore losses."
Shain wald, Buckbee & Co., Mann & Wilson,
City Arentz. Managers.
Mills Building. 322-324 California at.
.'1«O "ootptrejj neg
(f visit DR. JORDAN'S'qrcat^
2>ftUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
\ -*Tr tr '-*'?"' AMtrmirml Mucen la tte \
** _lQj' World. U«mrs>n «r * t ,j- contracted A
l$~ &?• «!':•*»»*■>•*••••••>*«■■«■•»* hy the olden ~
O [Z2 ft, I ->pcui.itt oa ibe Coui L«L j* y ear»- Q
0 ££3r ft DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ J Cornultttton free and ftrictJy prirfe. \
0 I A/ 1 VIC Tr «* a »*ni p«- nonary or b r letter. A 4
fi If «fi *•"*•• O»»-«>"ewycaj««Bdrrtaiea. \
A Pit Ufl* w rite for Book. PBILS *or»n V mt A
V » (! • II * BtaaucK, vailed mea. (AY
A (I II- **iu*ble bosk (or i»<-n) \
V DC JORDAN* CO.. 1C5I Market 8t.S. F. V
\Af. T. HESS.
Votary Public as a Attorn ey-at-I.aw.
Tenth Floor. Itoom 1013. Clans Spreckela bldg
Telephone Main OSS.
Reildence. 1802 McAllister »t.
Residence Telephone Pag* S&tL
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
DESERTS WOMAN
AT HOTEL DOOR
Frank Graham, Son of Rich New
Yorker, Attempts Suicide at
Occidental, Then Disappears
POLICE SEARCH FOR HIM
Companion He Claims as Wife
Is Prostrated, and Then Con
fesses They Are Not Married
! .After a futile effort to end his life
I with the aid of gas. a recent arrival at
the Occidental Hotel, supposed to be
Frank Graham, son of a wealthy resi
dent of Riverdale. one of the aristo
cratic suburbs of New , York City, yes
[ terday disappeared in' a mysterious
t manner.
I The woman, whom he claimed as his
wife, is now prostrated by nervous ex
citement at the hotel. The police were
called in yesterday to assist her to lo
cate the missing man.
Graham is about 40 years of age, of
robust figure, and is supposed to have
■been drinking heavily of late. In com
pany with a young woman he arrived
j from the north 'on Sunday and regis
' tered at the Occidental as "F. Gray
j and wife, Seattle." En route to this city
i he told several of his traveling com
panions that he was engaged in the
lumber business in the north and was
coming to this city on business. At
times he acted rather peculiarly,^ fact
which was remarked by others on the
train. On Tuesday he and his compan
ion mad* a trip through Chinatown.
Later at night th« woman summoned a
bellboy to her apartments and asked
| him to fetch a doctor, explaining that
j her husband had attempted suicide by
I locking himself in the bathroom and
j turning on the gas. Dr. E. K. John
ston, who resides in the hotel, was
called and after several hours' work, in
which he was assisted by a trained
' nurse, the patient was pronounced out
! of danger, but it was decided to keep
| the patient under the watchful eye of
i a nurse, for he had shown symptoms of
! delirium.
GOES FOR CO1X.
Yesterday morning the guest ap
peared to have fully recovcxed, and
about 10 o"clock he expressed a desire
to go out and cash a draft. Accompa
nied by the woman he was driven in a
hack to the Market-street entrance of
the Palace Hotel, where he alighted,
after telling her that he would be back
as soon as he had secured an indorse
ment to this draft. That is the last his
companion has seen of him. She wait
ed for almost an hour in the carriage
and finally ordered the driver to take
her back to the Occidental, where she
thought her friend might be awaiting
her. .In this hope she was disappoint
ed, and later in the day. apparently
fearing that he might have met with
some mishap, she notified the manage
ment of the hotel, and later the Police
Department.
NOT HIS WIFE.
The woman showed signs of nervous
ness that might naturally be expected
of a wife who had passed through a
similar ordeal, and a great deal of sym
pathy was being extended to her by
other guests of the Occidental, when
she finally made the surprising admis
sion to one of her newly made friends
that she was not married, but had met
her male companion in Seattle arid had
journeyed to this city with him.
It developed Jater that Graham, when
he visited the Palace, went direct to
the office, where he asked for a room,
but his inebriated condition caused his
request to be denied by the clerk. He
then crossed the street to the Grand
Hotel bar. and from there he was
traced to the Lick House, where he en
gaged a room, registering as A. M.
Springer, but later he gave It up. The
last seen or heard of the missing man
was about 2 o'clock, when he turned
over his key to the clerk of the Lick.
The belie/ exists at the Occidental
that the man is temporarily insane
from the effects of excessive drinking,
and that his attempt to commit suicide
was the result of this condition.
PLAN* TO ENRICH FUND
FOR TEACHERS' ANNUITIES
Board of Education Asks City Attor
ney's Advice on Proposed _
Increase of Salary.
The communication from a commit
tee consisting of Elisha Brooks, T. P.
Woodward and T. H. McCarthy re
questing legal advice as to a plan to
increase salaries of teachenf by $2, to
be devoted to the teachers' annuity
fund, was referred to the City Attor
ney by the Board of Education yes
terday. The City Attorney is asked to
reply to the following questions, as
told in last Sunday's Call:
Can the Board of Education legally
devote any portion of a teacher's sal
ary to the annuity fund and would a
Stdte law be' opertune in this city in
such a ease, if not allowable under the
charter?
Chief Sullivan assured the board in
a communication of the co-operation
of the Fire Department in the pro
posed installation of a uniform- fire
alarm system in the schools, which
has also the approval of the fire com
mission.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Agnes G. Ahern and Rose Fay.
The following teachers' certificates
were Issued:
High School — Miss Ann R. King and
Miss Minnie M. Mirsky.
Grammar school — Miss May Wilson,
Miss Florence Marlin, Miss Clara Doo
lan and Miss Anna M. Gaffney. '
Recommended to the State Board of
Education for grammar school life
diplomas — Miss Laura T. Simons, Miss
Mary B. Ludlow and Miss May Nolan.
Printing Firm Gets Judgment.
Judgment for 565S8 for H. S. Crocker
£c Co. against T. W. Butler was given
yesterday by Judge Murasky. H. S.
Crocker brought the suit to recover pay
for printing and binding work dono for
Uuller. The latter put In a counter
claim for $25,000. claiming that he had
be«^n damaged to that extent by tbe
alleptci failure of the firm to <!.■» tha
work according to contract. lie did
not piove his chp.rge, and Judge Mu
rasky. gave the plaintiff Judgment lor
the full amount of the claim.
Concert at Presidio.
A concert will be given by the band
of the Third Artillery Corps this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 4:30 o'clock at
the Presidfo under the direction of
Bandmaster Armahd Putz. The pro
gramme will be as follows: March,
"Our United Emblem" (Brown); over
ture. "The Crown Diamonds" (Auber) ;
selection, "Lohengrin"' (Wagner);
caprice. "Pasquinade" (Gottschalk) ;
sextet and finale, "Lucia di Lammcr
moor" (Donizetti), and popular two
step, "El Salero" (Leila France.)
ADAMS' Irifth Mo*g Cuugh Balsam, the cafe,
fcure. rujxantoed cure. "5c. 50c DrutrlsU. *
THE SAN". FRANCISCO.. CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 12, 1904.
SOUNDS SWEET
TO CREDITORS
Supreme Court Decides 'That
Public Officials Must Pay
Up Their Judgment -Bills
CHIEF JUSTICE DISSENTS
Wisdom of Law Is Called in
Question, hut Its .Validity
Is Not a 3Iatter of Doubt
The salaries of public officers' whose
positions are controlled by the Legisla
ture may be garnlsheed, according to a
decision rendered by the Supreme Court
yesterday. In respect to constitutional
officers the question is left open,.al
though Justice Van Dyke asserts that
they are not affected by the judgment.
Those who occupy minor positions In
State, county or city governments will
have to-pay their bills if their creditors
so desire.
This is a cruel blow to many who
shape our public policies. It- has all
come about through the successful at
tempt of some bill collectors to slip an
inoffensive looking measure through
the Legislature during the last days of
the session. The bill as passed reads as
follows: •
The duly authenticated transcript of a judg
ment for money against a defendant rendered
by any court of this State, may b* filed with
the Controller of the State of California or the
Auditor of any county, city and county, city
or other municipal or public corporation, for
which money is owing 'to the judgment debtor
in such action (and In case t here : be no Au
ditor, then with the officer whose duty corre
t--l>ords to .that of Auditor), whereupon it shall
tx» the duty of any such offlcia.1 or of such
public officer with whom such transcript shall
have been filed to draw his warrant in lavor
of or to ray into the court from the docket
of which the transcript was taken so much of
the money, If sufficient there be, over which
such State of California, county, city . and
county, city or other municipal or public cor-
IKiratlcn of which he is an officer, or .over
which such public officer has control or cus
tody, and which belongs to or is owing to the
judgment debtor In the cause designated in
said transcript, as will cancel said Judgment,
the money so raid Into court shall be a dis
charge pro tanto of any amount so due or ow
ing to such Judgment debtor. •■>,• •
It is alleged that some of the solons
who voted for this bill did not clearly
understand its import until the collect
ors attempted to secure the payment of
debts through its provisions. George E.
Ruperich, an employe in the local de
partment of electricity, was selected to
make the fight against the obnoxious
measure.
/A transcript of a judgment for $98
against him was filed with Auditor
Baehr, who then refused to allow Iiupe
rich's salary demands. The latter pe
titioned for a writ of mandamus to
compel the Auditor to act, and on re
fusal of vthe Judge of the lower court to
issue the desired order appeal was
taken to the Supreme Court.
The last named tribunal holds that
the Legislature has the power to pass
such laws In regard to public officers
over whom it has control. It is stated,
however, that the measure is not a
wise one, in that It furnishes opportu
nity for the "embarrassment of public
officers, who should be allowed to pef
form their duties with as little outside
Interference as is possible.
The petitioner claimed that the law
was special legislation, not uniform in
its operation and that it could not be
applied to officers of the city and coun
ty of San Francisco by reason of con
flict with the charter. The court shows
that none of these arguments are valid
by numerous citations from authorities.
The opinion is written by Justice
Shaw, with whom Justices Angellotti,
Henshaw, McFarland and Lorigan di
rectly concur. Justice Van'Dyke writes
a concurring opinion, in^which he states
that the law does m>t apply to consti
tutional officers. Justice Beatty dis
sents on the ground that as the law is
partly invalid it must be so as a whole.
LOTS ARE SOLD AT GOOD
PRICES UNDER HAMMER
Hayward Property at, Polk and Ful- j
ton Streets Is All 'Disposed
With Readiness.
At the auction sale held yesterday I
by Baldwin & Howell of the property j
belonging to Mrs. Alvinza Hayward j
every lot was sold. The property of- j
fered consisted of the lot 120x262:6 -
feet on the northeasterly corner of |
Polk and Fulton streets, which was j
offered in subdivisions consisting of j
four lots on the easterly line of Polk i
street, 30x100 feet in size, and 'five J
lots on the north line of Fulton street, 1
27:6x120 feet in size, and one lot 25x !
120 feet, all of the last mentioned lots j
having double frontages, extending i
through from Fulton street; to Ash j
.•ivenue. The result of the sale was
as follows:
Lot at the northeast corner of Polk j
and Fulton streeis, size 30x100 feet, ;
was sold to Adolph Meyer for $9700.
The same purchaser bought the two
lots adjoining on the north, each-hav
ing a frontage of 30 feet on Polk
street, with a depth of 100 feet, for
which he paid $7250 each.. The lot.
at the southeast corner of Polk street
and Ash avenue was also purchased
by Adolph Meyer for $8300, the' size
being 30x100 feet. On the northerly
line of Fulton street the four lots,
each 27:6x120 feet In sizeand lying
immediately east of and adjoining the
lots fronting on Polk street^ were
bought by Dr. George K.- Frink for
$7150 each. The next , lot, 27:6x120
feet, was bought by John J. Stofen for
$7050, and the last lot offered, 25x
120 feet, was bought by Scharff >&
Lazarus for $6600.
The total amount of the sale was
$74,750. While the property was sold
to only four purchasers, the auction
room was crowded and the bidding
was spirited throughout the sale.
Father* Kirby's Will Filed.
The will of the late Father,.Wijliam
P. Kirby of St. Agnes Church was 1 filed
for probate yesterday. It was made
just a few days prior to his death and
leaves his entire estate to Father Rich
ard Collins, one of his assistants. The
will states that Father Collins is ac
quainted with the wishes of Father
Kirby and will make such disposition
of the property as required. The de
ceased Is survived by three, sisters, two
of whom are nuns, two brotHers . and
two nieces. ; -,
The remarkable success, which the
Japanese are having in their, war with
Russia shows the advantage s of being
prepared for emergencies. Russia has
been caught napping. Take'warningand
buy at once a gas range from San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Co.. A 15 .Post St.*
Osborne's Father Pay's' the '-Fine.
The aged father of A. Q.- Osborne
came into the office of the Clerk of the
United States District Court yesterday
nnd paid In gold $500, the fine, imposed
upon theyoung criminal, for! forging a
postal money order on the Calistoga
postofflce. It was reported . that - the
father mortgaged his home .to 'obtain
the money. .
If you want artistic valentines go to
Sanborn & Vall's. ... ,•
STANDING ROOM
IS PROHIBITED
Proposed . Ordinance Makes It
to Obstruct Aisles
and Passageways of Theaters
FIRE WARDENS CAUSTIC
Send Second Reply to Super
visors Regarding Condition of
Hotels and Lodging-Houses
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday recommended the passage of
an ordinancp. prohibiting any person
from standing In the aisles or passage
ways; of a theater, except in that por
tion known as the foyer. The exception
was made, on motion of Supervisor
Lunstedt; althougft* Chief Sullivan of
the Fire ; Department gave it as his
opinion that no person should be al
lowed to stand In any theater. He said
the Fire Department takes care of the
stage of. a playhouse and the Chief of
Police- should watch the front portion
and see that no one stands during n»
performance." " - . • -
The committee also reported in favor
of the amended ordinance providing
that, all frame buildings sh,all have
exits and glass doors leading to fire es
capes, together with apparatus to
break the doors.
- The Board of Fire Wardens submit
ted a supplementary and somewhat
caustic report, stating that it is im
possible, to comply with the terms of a
resolution requiring a detailed report
of each and every hotel, hospital, lodg
ing-house \ and ': boarding-house. The
first report ..was deemed inadequate by
the committee. In its second report the
Board of Fire. Wardens says:
"The first report' in answer to resolu
tion No. 4314 ; was not 'presumably'
made, but it'was'jma'de at a meeting
after due deliberation, of the board's
members. • The report tells you the
frame buildings referred to were con
structed under previous laws, and no
inspection or reports can alter that
construction and no law can be passed
to alter them. We told you they were
too high and we considered .them dan
gerous in cases of fire. It would take
months of Inspection and thousands of
reports to give a detailed statement of
the conditions of the buildings".
"We advised the extension of the fire
limits, asked for better water supply,
mains, hydrants and a salt water sys
tem and to pass ordinances to stop
such frame construction as is allowed
to-day."-*, ~ .
The committee placed the second re
port on file.
Home Companies Not Shaken.
C. W. Kellogg, Eastern manager of
the Fireman's Fund Insurance Compa
ny, is now In Baltimore settling the
losses of th,at company and of the
Honie -Fire and Marine Insurance Com
pany of California in the recent confla
gration. A telegram received yester
day, at the Home Office from him con
firms his first estimate that the aggre
gate Baltimore loss for the two com
panies will be about a quarter of a mil
lion dollars, and President Dutton ac
cordingly at once wired him as follows:
"Telegram received. Congratulations
at learning that your original estimate
was sulnclentlyiiberal. Remit you one
hundred thousand Immediately, and
more as fast as needed." Make prompt
and liberal settlements, without-, dis
count, realizing that now, in the hour
of their distress, our Baltimore policy
holders are entitled to not only Justice
but liberality at our hands." . .
This conflagration, destroying prac
tically, the entire business portion of a
large city, and costing the two Califor
nia companies each only about one
tenth of its net surplus, which has been
laid aside for just such catastrophes,
should be a great satisfaction to our
people, as indicating the conservative
management of Its two local compa
nies.
Seeks Damages for Husband's Death.
Hannah Clancy, whose husband, Pat-
rick Clancy, was killed last February
at 677 ZJryant street, where he was em
ployed by the John Horstman Com
pany, sued the firm yesterday far $50,000
damages. Clancy was killed by the fall
of an elevator, and Mrs.. Clancy al
leges that it was the fault of hi3 em
ployers because defective hoisting ap
paratus "was used.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed in
the United States District Court yes
terday as follows: Y. Takeuchi Com
pany. Sacramento.. dealer in Japanese
and Chinese goods, liabilities 5S527, as
sets $2500; S. N. Randle, Healdsburg,
grocer, liabilities $7086, assets $3948.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New'/' Sample, Shop- Worn,
Sligbtly Used and
/Second-Hand
PIANOS
' Many of the 150 pianos placed on sale
last week have been sold, but we still
have a fine selection, and we. again wish
to impress upon intending purchasers
that our reductions are genuine, and
have. seldom .if ever been quoted in this
city. We are overstocked and must have
room for new goods now en route.
All second-hand pianos .. have been
thoroughly overhauled, and are guaran-
teed by us; also privilege given to ex-
change for new piano within three years,
and full purchase price allowed. -
Many O f the new, sample and shop-
worn pianos are in fancy woods, and will
be sold at half price. -
Below we describe a few. of the bar-
gains offered, but remember, there 'are
many of them not described below:
Ilemme & J^ong upright, fine condition,
rosewood casp, % 150.
Shoninger upright. 590.
Sherman, Clay & Co.. upright, $100.
. Klmball upright. $175.
$575 Conover. $350; slightly used.
Several pianos of discontinued agen-
cies at cost.
Steinway square, fine condition, $100.
1 Other squares, $25, $40 and up.
.A brand-new piano in burl walnut, ma-
hogany or oak case. $185. with mandolin
and zither attachment.- three strings to
.note, three pedals and doublo repeating
action. This piano has been sold In this
cltyfor as much as $350.
EASY TERMS IP DESIRED. .
MkK|wiSE|&j CO.,
; 126 GEARY STREET
Bet. Grant Ave. and Stockton St.
WEBER AGENCY. i
PER MIT MUST
BE OBTAINED
Street Committee .Recommends
Ordinance Specifying Safe
t Around Rock Crushing
BOND SHALL . BE FILED
Applicant Is Required to Pay
All Claims for Damages Re
sulting-From the Operations
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended for passage, a
proposed 1 ordinance introduced by Su
pervisor Connor making it unlawful
for any; person, firm or corporation to
carry 'on the business of rock crushing
without first obtaining from the Board
of Supervisors a permit for the same.
Action was taken as the result of the
board's ! investigation Into the rock
crushing operations of Gray Brothers
at -Thirtieth and Castro streets, when it
was ascertained that there was no law
to compel the securing of a permit for
the maintenance of a rock crusher.
The- ordinance • as recommended by
the Street Committee provides that the
permit must specify tho location of the
proposed rock crusher and the manner
in which the business is to be conduct-,
ed. No permit will be granted, how
ever, unless the applicant therefor
shall file a bond in the sum of not less
than $2500, nor more than 550,000, to be
fixed by the Board of Public Works in
accordance with the estimated value of
the property in the vicinity of the rock
crusher. The bond shall be conditioned
so that the p person receiving the permit
and his sureties shall without delay
adjust and pay any and all damages
which in the judgment of the Board of
Public. Works result from the operation
of "such rock crusher. • .■ . ■
Nothing in the ordinance shall be so
construed as to repeal, amend or in any
sense alter or affect the provisions of
the ordinances specifying the limits
within which rock* crushers are pro
hibited.
The committee reported in favor of
granting the Moody Estate Company a
permit . to construct a spur track on
Seventh street, .between Irwin and
Cooper.
The committee recommended certain
street work in various parts, of 'the
city- deemed expedient by. the Board of
Works.-. ,
The claim of the United States Quar
termaster's Department for 5100 for tlie
death of a troop horse which fell in a
sewer was referred to the Finance
Committee.
Wants Lease of Sailors' Home.
The Ladies' -Seamen's, Friend So
ciety, by Mrs. D. Oliver, president, and
Mrs. A. C. Bainbridge, secretary, pe
titioned the Board of Supervisors yes
terday for a renewal of its lease on the
Sailors' Home. The society promises
to continue its careful manage
ment of the institution, and referring
to the effort being made to have the
home revert to the United States Gov
ernment on the ground that the pro
visions of the act conveying it to the
city in trust for a sailors' home had
not been complied with, the petitioners
called attention to the report of the
Secretary of Commerce on the home
now before the United States Senate.
Will Give Timely Lecture.
James W. Erwin will deliver his
interesting lecture entitled "In the
Lands of the Jap. the-Chino and the
Filipino" before the Business
Women's Club at the Academy of Sci
ences building this evening. The ad
dress will be illustrated with stereory
ticon views.
Kuckcr Appointed Receiver.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven . yesterday appointed S. N. Rucker
as receiver for the bankrupt Clarendon
Hotel In this city, with authority to
carry on the business of hotel and cafe
until further order of the court. Mr.
Rucker qualified and. filed a bond for
$15,000. . ' '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Awful Suffering of a Boy
from an Itching
Humour.
CURED BY CUTICURA
Not One Square Inch of Skin oo
His Whole Body Was
Unaffected.
" My little son, a boy of fire, broke
»nt with an Itching rash. . Three doe-
tors prescribed for him, but he kept
getting woree until we could not dress
him any more. They finally adrised
me to try a certain medical college, bat
I its treatment did not do soy good. ' At
tbe time I was induced to try Cuticara
Remedies he was so bad that I had to
cat his hair off and pat the Catlcura
Ointment on him on bandages, ai It vras
Impossible to touch him with the bare
hand. There was not one square' Inch
of skin on his whole bod j. that was not
affected. He was one mass of sores.
The bandages used to stick to his skin
and In removing them it used to take
the skin off with them, and the screams
from the poor .child were heart-break'
ing. I began to think that he would
never pet well, .bat after the • second
application of - Caticnra Ointment I
began to seo signs - of Improvement,
and with the third and fourth applica-
tions the sores commenced to dry up.
Ill* skin peeled off twenty times, bat It
finally yielded to the treatment. I used
the Cuticara Resolvent for his blood,
and now I can say that be is entirely
cared, and a stronger and healthier boy
you never saw. t ban he Is to-day."
ROBERT WATTAM,
4932 Center Ave., Chicago, 111., Dec.
SO, 1897.
No return In' six years, Mr. Wattam
writes, Feb. 23, 1908.
"Your letter of the 21st In regard to
the case of my little boy at hand. I am
truly thmkful to say that the care
effected by the Cuticora Remedies has
been a most - tho^ugh and ; successful
cure to date. " ; .
SaU amthnl Cm i Wm. Crtww imTraut.awa.
fin farm t* Ufc«n*iat* OMtoC nib, Sto. pn rW •* CO).
Oiina*«t,ltVc.9oM.3e. DaMtM idaAoa. V Cbuta-
b*%m 5vi *• «-ta . I ga. 4 1 U Pata i Bmfo.lg Cefoafca
A *iJt27 tew 4 c Ms?- r rr?- 8 s l *
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
- i ~c~~z t
Our assortment and FOR TO-DAY AND
variety in boys' and SATURDAY ONLY,
children's clothing is Sailor and Sailor Nor-
as complete and com- *<> lks in blue ana
prehensive in styles, brown serges and
varieties, weaves and mixed cheviots. All
, ,_ . . wool. Sizes 3 to 10
Cloths aS It IS pOS- „ , <re r\c\
years. Regular $5.00
sible to be; at prices
that cannot be dupli- Q2 -<-^-v-) <
cated anywhere. Af^*^?
MILL TO MAN.
This label on every garment.
516'518 MARKET ST.Ho b N e^ M E B Y
§I$(jS) Sixty-six hours is all it takes f
Wfetf llSjiC fr° m os n g e ' cs to Chicago; A
K^^j|p^\I/^^ The train that makes it is the q
BBflfigi &BBk_ l n service daily, December 25 n
Kif'ifvPi JIJ^ImeN Topeka, Kansas City and U
ffi^~~*f aiiT^ u^tif 1 1 iTi Chicago by way of El Paso. it
6/1 "^** r -* 1 *» library and observation }\
cars. U
JffirTlilili Tickets, bertha and literature st this office and at all Southern £ j
NyTrVTrjrrTriiTnr Pacific ticket offices. « j
j||ip£g£Ka^||g 623 Market St., San fLicisco, CaL *1
GARNETT MAKES
SUDDEN CHANGE
Withdraws -Motion' for the Ap
pointment of Commission to
Take Deposition of Mrs. Coit
The numerous attempts made* by At
torney W. D. Grady to delay the trial
of Alexander B. Garnett, charged with
the murder of Major J. W. McClung,
came to a sudden termination yester
day afternoon in Judge Lawlor's court.
Two motions were on for argument
one to set aside the information on the
ground of -errors in the transcript of
the testimony taken at the preliminary
examination before Police Judge Fritz,
the other to appoint a commission to
take the deposition of Mrs. Elizabeth
Coit in Xew York.
Judge Fritz and Stenographer Blum
of his court had been notified to give
their testimony on the motion to set
aside the information, but they failed
to attend. When the Judge ascertained
that they had not been regularly sub
penaed he was angry.. He said that
the Assistant District Attorney's ac
tion in not conforming to the regular
process of the court was censurable.
Assistant District Attorney Ferral In
reply contended that the defense had
not made a proper showing, and he
was satisfied to submit the matter with
out any testimony.
Attorney Grady said he would also
submit the case, but asked for sixty
days' postponement to give him an op
portunity to produce Mrs. Coit in court
or have her evidence taken by depo
sition. <
Grady finally withdrew his motion for
a commission to take the deposition.
After some parleying it was decided to
argue the points at Issue on next Wed
nesday afternoon. ?X*
Damage for Personal Injuries.
"Willard Champion filed a libel in the
United States District Court yesterday
a-painst the Charles Nelson Company.
He demands $2000 damages for personal
injuries alleged to have been received
while 'he was a passenger ori the
steamship Centennial on a voyage
from Seattle to San Francisco last
January. He alleges that the steerage
was packed with shooks; that it was
wet in places and damp all over, the
vessel being leaky, and that the cargo
shifted and caught his left arm. strain-
Ing the tendons so that he was ren
dered incapable of pursuing his calling
as a bricklayer.
Would Care for Burnt Child.
HI. ' J. . White, secretary of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, yesterday applied to be ap
pointed guardian of Harold Ferslow.
the little boy who In December last was
punished. by his grandmother by being
placed on a red-hot stove. The grand
mother, Victoria Fersltrw. Is now serv
ing a. term of six months In the County
Jail for her crime. The boy is the nat
ural son of Mrs. Ferslow's daughter,
whose whereabouts Is unknown. .
Txiizj, Saturday and Saturday STiylit.
15c MXrLE^TRUP—^~BottTei"25e^ ' .
j SEXiF-SXSIXG BUCKWHEAT, piy...20o
SVi lh». Del . Monte Peacock Bra-.l.
Usually 23c.
lCc PINK SALMON — I Cans ~3c. """
I GKOTJSra CHOCOLATE, 30c can... 23c
i Ghlrartlellis Best.
i 25c NEW YORK CREAlfcHEESE— lb I'^jZ
BUTTER Be s s q l U a D r a e iry 35c
, Usual siz*. Good, sweet Butter.
15c f A BLE CH ERRIEJ^-Can 10c.
BEST HOGS, dozen 27i a o
Large select. Strictly fresh.
PEST PINK BKANSuIriteTric.
BEST COPTIE, Jara and Kocna, lb...23o
Rich In flavor and color. Usually 35c.
' 35c PACK CORN~MEa1T^.v!
DOLLAK WHISKT, bottla 80o
Paul Jones — WlNon — Silver Crescent —
Morcicram AA. Jesse Moore. Elsewhere 30o
to $1.23.
00c BOTTLE TOM GIN 6.V. '
TONIC PORT WIBTE, fallen $1.13
' For building health. Liquor store price $2.
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLt!
ALT, BEST EASTERN HAMS, pound. ..13^e
-4Oe can PEAS. 5 cans 1 3*e
PURE BORAX. 10c packages. 3 for 2So
SALINAS BURBANK POTATOES, 20 ito.SSo
10c MUSHES. 3 packages 23o
50c TEAS, all varieties, 3 lbs «l.OO
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST
FREIGHT TAIO 100 MTLE3.
TJT5TTCXI17C F °R BARBERS. BA-
DllUOnJuO ker «. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers. printer*, painters. sho« factories.
• tableman, tar-roofera. tanners, tailors. «tc
BTJCHAITAJT ZSOS.,
Brnsh Mannfactnr«r». 6O9 Sacramento St.
BROWN'S
Bronchial Troches
Quickly relieve Coughs, Hoarseness.
Throat and Lung Troubles.
• Contain nothing injurious.
Sold in boxta only. Aoolit Imitation* \
«'j^ '-"'i%nHnil J -' " ,pwwwi. i ' I.LTHfTt