THE WEATHZS.
Forecast made at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours endinff
xridnlcht. February 25:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy, unsettled weather
Thursday; probably lijrnt show
ers: fresh southerly winds.
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 87.
ATTEMPT BY JAPANESE TO ENTRAP
RUSSIAN FLEET ENDS IN DISASTER
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25(2:40 a. m.)~A telegram from Viceroy Alexieff to the Czar says: "At a quarter before 3 on the morning of
Feuruary 24 numerous Japanese torpedo boats attempted to attack the battleship Retvizan and sink large steamers loaded with iiiflammablfis.
The Retvizan was the first to observe the torpedo boats and opened aj strong fire on them. She was supported by .the land batteries. She de
stroyed two steamers near the entrance of the harbor; they were comin|| firectly toward her. One of them went on the rocks aear the lighthouse
on Tiger peninsula; the other sank under Golden Hill. The. Retvizan -observed four steamers,, in a sinking condition, and eight torpedo boats
departing slowly to rejoin the waiting Japanese warships. A portion of the crews of the Japanese vessels were- drowned. The grounded steamer
is still burning. The enemy is observed in the offing of Port Arthur in two lines." v
Conflicting Stories Tell of
Sinking of Japanese
Warships.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25 (2:12 a. m.).— Reports of a
Russian victory at Port Arthur were current late yesterday aft
ernoon and early in the evening, and about midnight they
seemed to have been definitely confirmed ; but in the absence of
an official announcement the stories of the dimensions of this
victory were most conflicting and confusing in character.
The most circumstantial report was that the Japanese had
attempted to bottle up Admiral Stark's fleet in Port Arthur by
sinking vessels and laying mines at the entrance o'f
the harbor, employing the tactics of Hobson at Santiago during
the Spanish-American war.
* According to this account, two Japanese ships appeared off
the harbor with a Japanese fleet behind them and ostensibly in
pursuit. The Russians, however, suspected a ruse, and their ships
steamed out, sank the stone-laden vessels, engaged and defeated
the enemy and drove them off. The reports of the loss inflict
ed, however, are conflicting.
All of the stories included the features of the vessels loaded
with stones, but. according to some versions, the Japanese fleet
was convoying transports with the purpose of effecting a landing
at Pigeon Bay, and after the failure of this preliminary maneu
ver the Russians played havoc with both the Japanese warships
and the transports, sinking four of the former and two of the
latter. One account gives the name of the battleship Retzivan as
the vessel which particularly distinguished herself during the
action by ramming and sinking one of the Japanese battleships.
Rumors of this victory were spread far and wide over the
city during the early part of the evening, and the crowds which
Continued on Page 4, Columns 2 and 3.
The San Francisco Call
• - . . . v. , v ■••.., . ".*.. . . . • ■; • • • • '. '; -~il>i N.---.-JJ
ILLUSTRATION SHOWING THE. POSITION OF -THE;RUSSIAN' WARSHIPS AND LAND BATTERIES AT PORT
ARTHUR. THE STRANDED RETVIZAN '. THE 'HARBOR -ENTRANCE. WHICH' THE
JAPANESE ATTEMPTED TO BLOCKADE BY SINKING; VESSELS IN THE CHANNEL.
Russian Cruisers Erigage Japanese Fleet Off
the Harbor Entrance.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25.^-The; Port; Arthur ; correspohdent ;^f • the Novosti. telegraphs^
that at Port Arthur the Japanese lost, steamers (number not. Stated)* and one torpedo-boat.
"At the moment of writing,'' the correspondent" continues- "twenty-three Japanese vessels"
are visible on the horizon and cross-firing .has begun, in .which, the. Russian cruisers Bayan,Novik and
Askold are participating." "^ v V ' / - - ' '■:'
SAN "FRANCISeO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
continued on Page ; 4, Columns 2, 3 and '4;
v yv
THE TKCATSS8. V \
Alcazar — "The Wrong: Mi.\
Wrlsrht."
Alhambra — u Th« Kilties" Band.
California — "Human Hearts.** ■
Central — "Kiagr d the Opium
Rlnr."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Old Homestead."
• Fischer's — "Boly-Foly."
Grand — "The Gamekeeper."
Orpheuxa — Vaudeville. Ma tinea
To-Day.
Tlvoli — "When Johnny Comes
iowh<ny Borne."
Japanese Fleet Reti res From
Port Arthur AFter the
Engagement.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, try
the New York Herald Publishing Company.
; ;} WEIHAIWEI,.Feb. 24.-7-Four Japanese battleships and
'nine. cruisers of the fleet that has-been hovering off Port Arthur
• passed this port to-day, bound eastward. The . fleet originally
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb: 25.— In a cablegram to the Czar,
/received early' this morning, Viceroy Alexieff gives the following
additional details 6f the' Japanese reverse at Port Arthur:
"The Japanese crews saved themselves in boats, and it is
.possible lhat some -of them were picked up by the enemy's tor
pedo-boats. V am proceeding to examine the coasts. The en
trance "of the harbor is open. I attribute the complete derange
ment' of the enemy's plans to the brilliant action and destructive
■ fire, of the Retvizan (an American - built ship). Floating
mines are . still visible in the roadstead. I have recalled the three
cruisers. "sent in pursuit of the enemy*in order, in the first place,
to clear the roadstead of floating mines. We Iiad no losses."
-.CHEFU, Feb. 24.— The Japanese again attacked Port Ar
/tHuKiast night. Heavy firing was heard at this distance. Dur
. iiig the engagement the Japanese attempted to land at Society
;; Bay, 'but .-were repulsed. A Chinese steamship— the first mer
\ chantrnan that has cleared from- here for Dalny, was forced to re-,
\ turn yesterday, being unable to obtain permission to enter the
part .at" Dalny. The steamship signaled for five hours, and final
ly received a reply ordering 'her to depart immediately. Her
captain' reports that he" sighted part of -the Japanese fleet- twenty
height miles off Dalny.. .
Continued On Page 4, Columns 5 and 6.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
POLICE STOP
ALL GAMBLING
Chief of Sacramento Will En
force Law Against Lotteries
and Advertising Schemes
XEW ORDER IS CRITICISED
Claim Is JIade That Officer
Is Ridiculing Ordinance That
Illegal (iaines May Run
Pj ■erial Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— As a cul
r.iination of the "public demand that
he enforce the law against Chinese lot-
Uriei and fantan games. Chief of Po
lice COBey this afternoon directed his
officers to close all such games, and
also to order the Evening Bee that it
must discontinue its educational con
test, end that mercantile firms must
ptop <ertain advertising features. It
if declared that in neither instance is
the law being violated, and the Be«
to-night charges that Chief Coffey is
waging a warfare against eontests # in
which the element of chance does not
enter, so as to make the crusade
against gambling appear ridiculous in
the public eye. and permit the Iflegal
games to resume.
ARRESTED roit ItUXXIXG
AX ILLICIT DISTILLERY
Well to Do Real Estate Dealer and
Broker of Ix>s Ansrles Is
In Trouble.
LOP ANGELES. Feb. 24. — John Pav
kovich, one of the oldest real estate
dealers and money lenders in this sec
tion of the State and who is worth sev
eral hundred thousand dollars, was
t2ken into custody Tuesday by the
United States authorities on a charge
of having violated the internal revenue
laws. I
T£e Government officials have not
made public all of their case, but they
Fay that secreted in a barn controlled
•l>y Pavkovich they found 240 barrels of
brandy tne tax on which had not been
j'aid and on which no stamps appeared.
It is alleged that without notifying the
internal revenue officials Pavkovich In
creased the capacity o f his still and
manufactured much more brandy than
tie was permitted to do under his li
cense.
The discovery of the contraband 11
yuor is said to have been due to a quar
frl with a former employe. The brandy
had been closely watched for some time
and no arrest was made until this im
portant witness was located. He was
found to-day in the interior of San
Diego County, and the arrest of Pavko
vich followed.
].:mip Explodes; Two Women Burned.
TULA RE. Feb. 24.— The wife and sis
ter-in-law of M. P. Brazill, proprietor
of the Lucene Creamery, were severely
if not fatally burned this evening
through the explosion of an oil lamp
whfcch the girl was carrying. _The
clothes of Mrs. Brazill became ignited
while trying to gave her sister. Both
were very severely burned and at least
one of them will die. Dre. Blodgett and
Rofson dressed the wounds.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. " : j: _
MjghO^dsTgrip
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey Cures and Prevents Coughs, Colds, Grip, Con-
sumption, Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma and All Run-Down, Weakened,
Diseased Conditions of Body, Brain;. Nerve and Muscle.
Throat and lung troubles attack only .^juv- •
jf^SVVw.V those who let their systems become weak- _«<^§*^l§§I§^ib-^
>♦&!* .^ &r£ft «hed. run-down and diseased through over-
&jud&&3!$$tiEw\ work, worry, exposure- to wet and cold, or Jg^gSjKSBBBrviisvi.
yBJSSSSSS^^^Kp^r- " lutely pure, gentle and invigorating stim- Ytf -Wffl|
{yOBJHj*S'ir° H^^^^y\ ulant and toni<\ which builds up the worn- mB NS^fiaSS '
J±8w¥s$K^B&' B&i&ffiu!fii The little coujfh or cold, allowed to ruii 3i«^Jnv "flSwSM 1»^A
fear^gZg^jyv 1 * "ST.. %&P'jlj'j!:jlr on without proper treatment, develops Into M * ' |Ss -3^
\£8Jp£&?^.i: £M£j- i&rft&flJtl raonia and consumption, and fills three- \l o>, \\\\ \P\
OUncu V^M
f2^lSjS5nffi^^^ffi»S^Bl^^ Grip nearly always leaves behind It com- Av^**^^ $L
*£&JBffi:mKB3m*lmStMMWmmri~ i plications of the kidneys, liver, heart and . N^^^^^^^^x^W
HP^K^CyS lBBB«i^^^flllM%^Bc^* *un* s - which are apt to end fatally at any / \
'U^kif'P'W' '■i'wlfr V^ thousands of eases after all else had failed -^fT^/M , f^k i lllVvCrcSte*^
* A\^WiW^il>!^|/ — when eren doctors had jrlven them up to W^%W V -aiSpX / l\vX^^ S
'•Si- ... \\'jZM i\ dlseare perms: builds up the tis- I J h WsWJyffiX^ull VvSiJ*^
awiv HPrifMiv sues; tones up the heart; enriches the m t» " iw -m t inpira
ANMt HECKMAN. Mood; gUmu £ teB circulation; gives power MR> M * M ' LAUC KS.
to brain, strength and elasticity to the muscles. It brings into action all the vital forces, and enables you to g"et from
frwvJ all the nourishment it contains. It cures dyspepsia, indigestion, and every form of stomach trouble; nervousness
malaria and all low fevers. It is invaluable for overworked men, delicate women and sickly children. Is a promoter of
health and longevity. . .
KEEPS THE OLD YOUNG-THE YOUNG STRONG.
Do not wait until you are actually attacked by disease. Begin at once to take Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey as direct-
ed, and pet your system into a strong, healthy, vigorous condition, able to overcome and resist disease.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
Contains no fusel oil. and i« the only whiskey recognized by the government as a medicine. . This is a guarantee It^is'-
prescribed by over 7000 doctors, and used in more than 2000 leading hospitals. " .•
THROAT A.ITO X.T7XTO CO MFLICATIOHTS ness for four months. The doctor gave t&S ONLY CUBE TOB grip
rnn - n me up and 6ald I ' was going Into con- _. ,„ TI ,, x*****-.
CUttEU. sumption. I coughed day and night, my Dr - Wm - H - Morse, the eminent practi-
"For more than twenty years Duffy's lungs pained me so much I could not tioner and world-renowned therapeutist'
Pure Malt Whiskey ha« been used in our sleep, and I lost flesh daily. says: "Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey is the
family he a never failing remedy for whi.^f" i^L^J^fl?/™,,^- 6 !,, Jlo °n»y absolute cure for the grip; it builds
coughs, colds and bronchitis, and as a il^^^^SS^l^^Srluw :««• »e -ytem and eMble. it to thwi" S
safeguard against disease. strong end healthy, and I am again per- tne snp germs, and prevents bad after-
"I have suffered at times from throat fectly well, and though" sixty years old effects, because It is chemically pure arid
and serious lung complications. Duffy's am once "i° r « able. to attend to my busi- contains great medicinal properties"
never failed to relieve me and auicklv ness as a blacksmith, thanks to Duffy's , . ...r.. ..... r - ..V -V
r^tore me ed to pertlctX^ iXtll SS^aS^SS^t! Citf *?*«».■»" *™ »OW»-OAam «^ POinrBS.
only positive cure for throat and lung . • 'I was all run down and nervous; my
troubles I have ever found, an<U recom- J -^^^ =^^^&w appetite was. poor and I had lost 25
mend it to all FiitTerins from tnese dis- j^^\JRE&^». pounds. I read a testimonial of Duffy's
eases." M. M. Laucks, St. Paul, Minn. ' '""Si^^^ Malt Whiskey, and bought a bottle. : Be-
CirXEB GRIP Ajn> BBOHCHXTXS. #!§/&& ~ \ZIto\'£ *.*£ Zy Ihe time f I 1 had b flSshed
"I used to have colds and-grip every ff^>f 2ujj ' jfSJk. - X^Jkv^ t * le tnird bottle I. had . regained- my 25
winter. Two years apo, an unusually ilF^I fefll /^fcefet. -'\*dw Pounds; my appetite was splendid, .my
hard cold brought on bronchial trouble, HJSl Kin /SffmS£&' Imu nerves were as steady as a rock and I
and I was in bed for weeks. I was so If «/ * T^gVir i^*f 1 Cl\ ? ever felt better in my life." Annie
bad I became disheartened and thought II J^^SLWiiK I Call Hcckman ' 180 Broad St., Albany, N. Y.
I never would be able to work again. , H 1 >0wA3bb\B:^^^ /Sil CAUTIOW.— When yon ask for Duffy's
"Finally, my doctor prescribed Duffy's ll 1 fts^/^KSSC&lir i Oil Pure Malt Whiskey, be sure you iret the
Pure Mult Whiskey a* a last resort. It \\ V^^lAiT>t^^y j .-^S'g-" <^t I II genuine. , Unscrupulous dealers, mindful
cured rr.e completely and I will never be \\ N-J&f f^33SP3K2l~ - ; -~WBt' ll of the excellence of this preparation, will
without it In the house. When I am Vw VfAU^Kjrf^TUBBEv // try to sell you cheap imitations 'and malt
f^-liiiB the least out of sorts, or catch Vk XMas<fcg^^J5£<*yf<y // whiskey substitutes, which are put on
cold. I immediately take Duffy's Pure JEf ' the market *°* Profit only, and which.
Malt Whiskey zr directed. It always Xjk^^s^ffiX Jar far from relieving- the sick, are positively
hreaks up my cold and brings me hack •%* k^C>%&^ harmful. Demand "Duffy's" and be sure
to health/' Kdwurd Rhodes. 1306 Cam- Bl**2*^' you sret it. It is the only 'absolutely pure
brla St.. Philadelphia. Malt Whiskey which contains medicinal,
cured op cowsTrapnoir. *£££ SmV^^^-m^^
-I caught cold and It tettfed .«. . »r ?re£VuVy°^^^
lun^s. Was not. able to attend to busi- ter, N. Y. -_ tabel. Bewart of reflUed bottles. *
HEARST MAKES
FUTILE FIGHT
New York Democratic Members
of House Refuse to Indorse
Him for the Means Committee
HIS APPEAL NOT irEEDED
Congressman Williams, Leader
. of Minority at Washington,
Also Declined to Help Him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
'WASHINGTON. Feb. 24— At k meeting
of the New York Democratic members
of the House to-day Bburke Cockran
was indorsed for the place on the Ways
and Means Committee made vacant by
the resignation of Major McCIellan. ■
A' Ptrong and well organized effort
.was made to have • W. R. Hearfet ap
pointed to the vacancy. John Sharp
Williams, the minority leader, whose
decision has* been followed by Speaker
Cannon in making Democratic commit
tee appointments, received I more than
500 letters and telegrams urging him to
recommend Hearst for the Ways and
Means Committee. These came from al
most all parts of the from
Democratic politicians, labor unions, Jar
t>or leaders, editors of Democratic
newspapers and Hearst club's. r T ~"
Williams did not find his way clear
to recommend Hearst.
LOUISIANA FAIR GIVES
A HEAVY" MORTGAGE
Government Accepts Security for
$4,600,000 Advanced by Author
ity of Congress.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24. — A mort
gage has been executed by the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition Company to
the United States Government to cov
er the loa-u of $4,600,000 authorized
by Congress to be made to the com
pany. Secretary Shaw now has the
mortgage in his possession. One mil
lion dollars will be paid over to the
company in a few days, two millions
will be paid in March, one million in
April and $600,000 in May. The mort
gage covers the gate receipts of the
fair and repayment of the amount 1
loaned will be made in June.
The mortgage provides that in event
of failure* of the exposition company
to pay promptly the amount loaned,
the Government shall take charge of
the fair and run it.
Spain to Act as Arbiter.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, Feb. 24. —
The Secretary for Foreign Affairs of
this republic and the Peruvian Min
ister at Quito have signed a protocol
submitting the Ecuador-Peru boun
dary question to the arbitration of the
King of Spain.
Newfoundland Is Cautious.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Feb. 24. — The Co
lonial Legislature will meet to-mor
row and it is expected that, owing to
possibility of complications between
Great Britain and France in the Far
East, the French shore modus Vivendi
bill will not be opposed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY. 25, 1904.
TOURIST LOSES
A $1000 BILL
Clever Pickpocket Relieves
Him of the Money After He
Leaves a' Los 'Angeles Bank
NO CLEW TO CRIMINAL
Professional Robbers Infest
the Southland City and Com
mit Several Daring Crimes
-Special Diei*tch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24.— Ten mln
utes" after having received at the hands
of a paying teller at ? the American Na
tional Bank a $1000 bill, James Evans
was robbed of It on the streets by a
pickpocket. He placed the bill unfolded
in a long pocketbook in his inside coat
pocket, and soon after he left the bank
passed through a crowd on the corner.
He remembers that some person Jostled
against him, but he paid no attention
to it. When he had crossed the street
he discovered that his money was gone.
Professional pickpockets have been
operating in Los Angeles since before
Christmas, and only a few weeks ago a
Whittier man was robbed of $2400 cash
in the doorway of a Main-street bank.
Numerous thefts of smaller amounts
and of diamonds and jewelry have been
reported. The victims are mostly tourj
ists. >
GOVKRXiOK PEABODY'S t
COURSE IS APPROVED
Banquet Is Given the Executive and
Many Favorable Sentiments Are
Expressed.
DENVER. Colo., Feb. 24.— The ad
ministration of Governor James Pea
body of Colorado, and particularly his
action in sending troops to the strike
infested district of the State, received
a marked testimonial of approval by
the business men of Colorado last night
in the shape' of an elaborate banquet
tendered him at the Brown Palace Ho
tel. The gathering was non-partisan.
Eight hundred covers were laid. David
C. Beaman, general ■ counsel for the
Colorado Fuel and Iron Company, act
ed as toastmaster. The list of speakers
was made ux> of prominent men from
all over the State and their remarks
voiced the sentiment of the occasion.
Previous to the banquet a public re
ception was tendered^ the Governor,
when hundreds of Coloradoans who
were unable to be- present at the fes
tivities that followed availed them
selves of the opportunity to shake
hands with the Governor. The
feature of the banquet was the
announcement by Governor Peabody
that while he did not se#k re-election
ive would consider it a duty to accept
the nomination at the hands of the/Re
publicans of Colorado. .His .statement
was received with a demonstration of
approval.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 24. — The differences be
tween the National Glass Company and its
employes have been amicably settled and work
will -be resumed at once at six plants In In
diana. Ohio. West Virginia, Pennsylvania and
Maryland.
ORDERS BISCOE
UNDER ARREST
Rear Admiral Evans Charges
Paymaster of Oregon With
Being Short in' His Accounts
SENSATION IS CREATED
Action Revives Story of Nicholr
son's Court-Martial for Of
fending the German Consul
News was received here yesterday
from Manila that Paymaster Harry
Earl Biscoe of the Unrted States bat
tleship Oregon had b|en ordered under
arrest by Rear-Admiral Evans, in cqm
mand of the fleet in Asiatic waters, for
an alleged 'Irregularity in his accounts.
The arrest of Biscoe is the culmination
of the controversy that has been go
ing on for v some months past between
Admiral Evans and Biscoe*, growing out
of the findings in the Paymaster Rich
worth Nicholson court-martial case.
Biscoe, it seems, # was fcnfe of the mem
bers of the court-martial ?that tried
Paymaster Rich worth .* Nicholson last
September at Chef u,' China, for conduct
unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.
The offense , charged against . Nichol
son was that he attacked the German
Consul at Chefu at a public ball at that
place and caused a great commotion by
his actions. Nicholson was said to have
been very drunk at the time. The case
created a great stir in naval circles
and nearly became an international af
fair between this country and Ger
many.
A court-martial was convened at
Chefu and Nicholson was found guilty
and sentenced to aTeduction of five
numbers in -grade.
Rear Admiral Evans, commanding
the Asiatic squadron'^ in his review of
the findiVigs, ''severely arraigned the
court for the inadequate sentence im
posed and some of his statements in
his review were far frorrt compliment
ary to the members of the board;
The conduct of Nicholson* was a
source of mortification to the Navy
Department officials and the action of
Admiral Evans in arraigning the court
for what is deemed its inadequate sen
tence was heartily approved.
The review of the findings caused
great indignation in the breasts of the
nine members of the court-martial,
and,, headed by Biscoe, they sent a
formal note to the Secretary of the
Navy, demanding that Admiral E\'ans
be ! requested to withdraw certain
statements in his - review. After a
time Secretary Moody gave out a re
ply, which, while it upheld Admiral
Evans in the course he had pursued,
mildly Intimated that the admiral was
to be slightly more conservative in-fu
ture cases of a similar order.
This answer was In no way satis
factory to Biscoe. and while the other
members of the court-martial decided
to let the matter rest. deter
mined to force the issue to the limit,
and a month ago he put his side of
the case straight before the President,
hotly demanding that Admiral Evans
be made to withdraw the statements
that were objectionable. The Presi
dent has now the case under advise
ment.
Biscoe is said to be very hot-headed,
gritty and tenacious, and from his ac
tions in the premises it would appear
that such is the case. He is a native
of Michigan. A short time ago he
married the wealthy Miss Hammersly
of Philadelphia, one of the society
belles of that city. He has a brother
in the army, Earl Biscoe, lieutenant
in the Ninth Company, Coast Artil
lery, stationed at Fort Barrancas, Fla.
Harry Biscoe joined the Oregon at
Benningtbn navy yard last June, re
lieving Paymaster Lawrence Heap.
SUPREME COURT RULES
IN FAVOR OF- RAILROAD
Sustains Decision of • Lower Tribunal
in the Overlap Case of the >'orth
ern Pacific Company.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24. — Chief
Justice Fuller of the Supreme Court
of the United States has handed
down the opinion of that court in the
case of the United States vs." the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
coming to this court in a writ of cer
tiorari from the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals fon the Ninth
Circuit. The suit was brought by th^
United States against the railroad
company to cancel certain patents is
sued in 1894 on lands situated; in the
State of Washington. It is known as
the overlap case. The decision of the
court below, which was in favor of the
railroad companj', was affirmed.. »
Found Dead- at Foot of a Cliff.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Feb. 24.—
Robert Jphn Rich of Fort Dodge,
Iowa, a of the sophomore
class in 'the academic department of
Yale, was found dead Tuesday at the
loot of the clifC at West Rock Park.
Apparently he had fallen from the top
of the cliff. Within a few years two
other Yale students have byeri killed
while attempting: to scale, this cliff.
Decides Ajtainst, Free Passenger.
WASHINGTON,. Feb.' 24.— The ques
tion :as ' to ' whether a passenger
on a railroad train ridinff on a free
pass who loses his- life on account of
an act, of carelessness on the part of
thf railroad company stands- on the
same footing as a passenger who pays
his fare has been" decided by the
Supreme Court of United ' States
against the free' passenger. The case
in which the opinion^ was rendered
was that of the Northern .Pacific Rail
road Company vs. Louise :Adams and
Frank E. Adams, heirs of Jay. H. Ad
ams, an attorney of Spokane, Wash.
Freshet Isolates" Many Mansions.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.-*-A freshet
caused by heavy rains .suddenly melt
ing, great quantities of : snow * has de
lused HempBtead; L.. I., the home town
of Secretary Cortelyou. "The mansions
of many -New York millionaires are
isolated through . the " of
roads and J bridges, while the ;homes of
many persons of smaller means were
Invaded by the rush of waters and "the
residents were compelled to -leave' in
rowboats. >., .V . •:. ../'/: ■_
STOCKTON, Jeb. 24.— A big, pumping plant
on the Sartent- tract, nbrtheaetr of ■ this city,
was destroyed, by > lire late ; last * night. ■ The
loss will reach nearly, 1S0QO. > -
BENSON MAKES
STRONG POINT
Proves by a Letter That One
"of the Witnesses Against
Him Gave False Testimony
SENSATION IS SPRUNG
Clerk in Land Office Admits
That He Perjured Himself to
Help Out Government's Case
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— In to-day's
trial of J. A. Benson; Woodford E. Har
lan, a clerk in the land division of the
.Interior Department, swore that in a
decoy letter to Benson, written Decem
ber 9, under direction of Secret. Service
Agent Burns, by authority of the Sec
retary of the Interior, he (Harlan) of
fered to furnish Benson a stenogra
pher's notes of the special agent's re
ports for a consideration of $1000, or, if
Benson would come to Washington, he
would for $500 have the stenographer's
notes read to him. The letter from
Harlan to Benson crossed while Benson
was en route East. When he finally re
ceived it it was carefully preserved and
•as produced in court to-day was writ
ten in pccll without date or signa
ture, was posted on December 9, and
read as follows:
How can I address important letter to you?
Did you receive other two O. K. ? Address me
in eame name, only make P. O. General Deliv
ery. Washington, D. C. Examine seal on this
letter to see If it has been tampered with. I
have mailed this at train so postmark will not
show Washington.
The production of this letter to-day
created a surprise and confounded Har
lan. Asked by Judge Campbell why
he falsely swore yesterday and this
morning that the letter offered certain
stenographer's notes, Harlan was ap
parently greatly confused and admitted
that he had sworn falsely in order to
make out a case for the Government.
Harlan also admitted he lied when he
swore yesterday he had given the let
ter to Barnes to mail.
W. E. Valk, another clerk, testified
to-day that he had merely expedited
certain cases for Benson in a legitimate
way under the, direction of the Com
missioner of the Land Office. In view
of the testimony thus far adduced, it is
believed that the bribery charge
against Benson .will not stand and that
he will be permitted to return to Cali
fornia at the end of this week, where
he will surrender himself to the au
thorities to answer to a conspiracy
charge, the trial of which will prob
ably not occur for several months.
LAND CASES POSTPONED.
Attorneys Are Not Yet Prepared to
Proceed Against Hyde and Dlmond.
Frederick A. Hyde and Henry P.
Dimond appeared before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yester
day morning for examination on the
matter of their removal to Washing
ton, D. C, to stand trial on a Federal
Grand Jury indictment charging them
with being implicated in extensive lieu
land frauds- Garret McEnerney and
Bert Schlesinger appeared as attor
neys for Hyde and Charles S. Wheeler
and Samuel Knight for Dimond. The
Government was represented by United
States District Attorney Woodworth
and Frank Heney.
When the case was called counsel on
both sides announced that they were
not ready to proceed, the indictment
having just arrived from Washington
and containing 50,000 words. They
desired time in which to study it and
consent the examination was post
poned until March 9 at 10 a. m.
INSULTS THE "MEDICINE
MAN" AND IS SHOT DEAD
Quarrel Between Indians Over Merits
of Doctors Results hi a
Tragedy.
FRESNO, Feb. 24.— Enraged by an
affront offered to a "medicine man" of
his tribe, Charles Aybemi. a Yosemite
Indian living near Pollasky, Monday
shot and instantly killed an Indian
named Hoppie. A young girl in the
Indian camp was very sick and there
was much discussion among the red
men as to whether they should call in
a white doctor or their own "medicine
man," Mallopi, famed far and wide as
a wizard. Hoppie, who had been
drinking and was in a quarrelsome
mood, -was one of those who -expressed
the, most incredulity of the wizard's
ability to do the girl any good. The
counsels of the elder Indians prevailed
and Mallopi was sent for, arriving not
long afterward on horseback. Mean
while hot words had passed between
Aybemi and, Hoppie, the latter jeering
at his companion and vowing that
when the Indian doctor arrived his
much-vaunted powers should be put to
the test. As Mallopi rode up Hoppie
advanced to the middle of the road and,
drawing a sharp dirk from his pocket,
slashed the horse across the ribs, cry-
Ing as the blood gushed forth:' .
"There, great medicine man, heal
that and prove what you can do."
The words were hardily out of his
mouth when Aybemi jerked out a re
volver and dropped him with a bullet
through his brain. Word of the trag
edy was sent to Madera and Constable
Bigelow placed Aybemi under arrest,
taklng v him to the County Jail. The
generalsentiment among the Indians is
that Hoppie met with a just retribution
for offering such an affront to Mallopi.
Acquitted Inspectors Rearrested.
MANILA, Feb. 24. — John,T. Miller
and W. D. Ballantine, who were acquit
ted in January last in the local Customs
Court of Appeals before Judges Cross
field and Rpxas of conspiracy to de
fraud the customs by furthering the il
legal entry of the non-exempt class of
Chinese, were . rearrested yesterday
upon a similar charge.; Ballantine was
an inspector of customs at the time; of
his arrest for the issuance of alleged
fraudulent Chinese certificates, and Mil
ler was an ex-inspector of immigration.
Seton Gordon Goes Insane.
MENTONE, France, Feb. 24.— Sir Se
ton, Gordon, Bart., became suddenly
demented '. here and behaved in such a
manner that he; eventually was taken
Into custody and placed in' charge of a
doctor.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching,' Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour • druggist . will - refund money --, if . Pazo
Ointment fails to cure you in 6 to 14 days.- 80c*
COURT ENJOINS
A FEDERATION
Chicago Labor Organization Is
Served With Injunction in
the Duster 'Makers' Strike
NOVEL SUIT COMMENCED
Order Issued Is General and
Extends to the Members of
All the Unions in the City
-CHICAGO.. Feb. 24.— On the sworn
statement of officials of the Dearborn
Duster Company that the Chicago Fed
eration of Labor was engaged in as
sisting strikers in unlawful acts of in
timidation violence. Judge Jesse
Holdon to-day issued an injunction
against the federation.
President Wiliam G. Schardt and Sec
retary Edward H. Nockels are especial
ly rfamed as defendants, together with
a host of girls and men strikers belong
ing to the Feather Duster Makers'
Union.
The attempt of the company to con
nect the Federation of Labor with the
acts complained of is the first of its
kind in Chicago. If successful it will
connect that body with the alleged con
spiracy to put employers out of busi
ness unless they grant union demands.
All criminal acts will, it is claimed, ren
der every member, of a labor union re
sponsible.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE '
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Mnny Postal Changes Are Made and
Army Orders Issued by Wash
ington Departments.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.—Postmas
ters commissioned: California — Lucet
ta Wood, Point Richmond; William R.
Murray, Raymond.
Oregon— Carlton E. Harmon, Grants
Pass; John C. Degovot, Camas Valley.
Fourth-class offices: California— Mc-
Kittrick, Kern County, Irwin Sweeney,
vice H. F. Peters, removed.
Oregon — Vinson, Umatilla County, J.
Dogerty, vice D. Ross, resigned.
Special orders. War Department-
Ordnance Sergeant William O'Neill,
now at Columbus Barracks, Ohio, will
proceed to Presidio, San Francisco, and
report upon arrival to commanding of
ficer, who will send him to Manila,
Philippine Islands, on first available
transport, there to report to command
ing general for duty.
Sergeant (first-class) F. O. Nicode
mus, Hospital Corps, Fort Sheridan,
111., will proceed to Fort McDowell,
Cal., and report to commanding officer
of Hospital Corps, who will send him
to Manila.
So much of paragraph 4, special or
ders No. 99, War Department, Decem
ber 10, 1903, as directs that Post Quar
termaster Sergeant Francis Finlay,
Fort Mason, Cal., proceed to Manila,
Philippine Islands, is revoked.
Corporal Walter* S. Boxwell, Twenty
sixth Battery, field artillery. Vancou
ver Barracks, Wash.; will be discharged
from army by way of favor. \
Second Lieutenant Nolan Vellis,
Eleventh Infantry, now on leave of ab
sence at Mexico, Mo., of which he
availed himself at San Francisco, will
join his company at San Francisco up-"
on arrival of nis regiment in that city
from Philippine Islands.
There are 230 glaciers in the Alps
that are said to be over five miles in
length.
DS. SHOOP'S BEMEDIES.
GET MY BOOK IF SICK
Don't send a penny. Just wait till you see
what I can do. Let me taKe the risK.
Let me prove up first what Dr. nerves. The inside— the invisible
Shoop's Restorative can do. The nerves. ' T ,
Restorative will Rain your friendship. This was a revelation. 1 hen mv
your endorsement, if you test it. And real success bejran. Then I combined
for a whole month you can test it ingredients that would strengthen,
without the. slightest risk. that would vitalize these nerves. That
I will tell you of a drueeist near prescription I called a Restorative. It
you who will furnish six bottles of is known the world over now as Dr.
Dr. Snoop's Restorative a month on Shoop's Restorative.
tr j a j_ Thousands are acceptine mv offer
I will absolutely stand all the cost and only one in each fortv writes me
if it fails. If you sav. "It did not that my remedy failed. Just think of
help me," that ends it as far as cost it. 39 out of 40 get well, and these
to you is concerned. Do vou under- are difficult cases, too. And the for-
stand me? I am telling it as plainly, tieth has nothing to pay. That is a
as clearly as I can. I want vou to record I am proud of. It is wrong to
know" absolutely and without doubt stay sick when a chance like this i>
this offer is made on honor. I have the opon. If well, you should tell others
prescription that cures. Mv only who are sick of my offer. Dnn't let
problem is to convince vou that^ Dr. a sick friend stay sick because he
Shoop's Restorative will cure — is an knows not of mv offer. Tell him.
uncommon remedy. A common rem- Get mv book for him. Do your dutv.
edy could not stand a test like this. Vou mav be sick yourself some time.
It would bankrupt the physician mak- Sick people need help. Thev aopre-
ing the offer. And I am succeeding date sympathy and aid. Tell me of
everywhere and here is the secret of some sick friend. * Let me cure him.
my success. . I found invariably that Then he will show to both of us hi*
where there was a weakness the in- gratitude. Your reward will be h\%
side nerves were weak. When there gratitude. Send for the book now. Dr»
was a lack of vitality the vital nerves not delay- Address Dr. Shoop. b<">x
lacked power. Where weak oreans 86m Racine. Wis. ■ /.^ ; V-
were found, I always found weak Mild cases, not chronic, are often
nerves. Not the nerves commonlv cured with one or two bottles. At
thought of. but the vital organs' druggists'. '
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
i - '.Book. 1 on Dyspepsia Book 4 for Women . "•
Book 2 on the Heart Book «; for Men sealed ■
Book 3 on the Kidneys Book 6 on Rheumatism
At The Doctor's Risk
.*— _ — _ . ; b
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK, '
: * ' Mall VMM Order to TH« Saa FraaoUeo CaU Wit* 75a.
The Stn Francisco Call,
San Francisco. Cal. J
V Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me on»
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book, (Fifty
, Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
siGNEr .•: •
STREET •
CITY ......; .................;;...........,...
STATE ....;....... - m
* ■ : '.-.•• ' — '■ — .+
ONE "E" COSTS
HIM HIS JOB
Clerk in War Office Dismissed
JSecaasc He Spelled ••Rout
ing** Instead of "Routejng"
ATTACHE FAIRLY WARNED
Chiefs Are Notitied and After
Seven Weeks' Deliberation
the Offender Is Discharged
Special Disjpatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Feb. 24.— After seven
weeks of deliberation in which every
one has joined, from obscure quarter
masters' clerks to the austere Secre
tary of War and former Military Gov
ernor of the Philippines. William H.
Taft, the War Department, at an ex
pense of more than $1000 to the Gov
ernment, has decided it is superior to
Webster, Worcester and other so-ctflled
spelling authorities and has formally
ejected William . K. Baker of
Chicago from its service for
writing "routing" instead of "route
ing." One man passed on wheth
er Baker was right .vr wrong.
The Secretary of War, tl. : quarter
master general and all the deputies did
not concern themselves about that.
Chief Clerk M. H. Hanson decided Jan
uary 7 that "routeing" is correct spell
ing. The next day Baker wrote "rout
ing," and Lieutenant Colonel W. H.
Miller, quartermaster of the Depart
ment of the Lakes, suspended him. Su
perior officers agreed that Baker had
been insubordinate-
NATIVES ATTACK GER3IANS
BUT MEET A REPULSE
Colonel Leutwein's Force in Southwest
Africa Reports That Sixty
Ovambos Arc Killed.
BERLIN, Feb. 24.— Colonel Leutwein,
Governor of German Southwest Africa,
cables that a number of Ovambos un
der Captain Nechale attacked the po
lice post at Amatcnl on February 2
and were repulsed with a loss of sixty
killed.
The principal forces are gathering at
Okahandia, where they will await the
arrival of reinforcements before un
dertaking a general movement again3t
the Herreros. but in the meantime the
enemy will be engaged as opportunity
offers.
Kills Whole Family in Jealous Rage.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Feb. 24.—
Jerry Dugan. a section hand, killed
Mrs. Benjamin Ramsey, her daughter.
Myrtle, aged four, and her son. Albert,
aged two, yesterday. Dugan then
sought* a policeman, confessed the^
crime and gave up the razor which
he had used in cutting the throats of
his victims. He had been staying at
,the home of Mrs. Ramsey for some
time and admitted that he had com
mitted the crime while in a jealous
rage.
Heavy Floods in Tripoli.
TRIPOLI CITY, Tripoli. Feb. 24. —
Torrential rains have flooded and dev
astated the surrounding towns and
streams have been transformed into
torrents, sweeping seaward and car
rying numerous corpses. Great loss
of life is believed to have occurred.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The President to
day sent to the Senate the following nomina
tions: Rear admiral. Captain Ca3par F. Oood
rich. Postmaster — Washington, Jamet Lato.
Roslyn.BORDER TROOPS
MAKE THREATS
Declare They Will Invade Pan
ama if the Colombian Govern
ment Does Xot Declare War
WARSHIPS ARE KECALLED
News of. the Ratification of
the Canal Treaty Is Joyous
ly Received on the Isthmus
Social Dis£>atch to The Call
PANAMA, Feb. 24.— The ratification
of the Panama canal treaty has re
sulted in the immediate recall of the
United States warships ar.d about one
half of the marines from the isthmus.
The Marblehead, Petrel, Wyoming and
two torpedo-boats will remain on the
PaclSc s!fie. The New York, Boston
and Bennirgton will prireeed to Callao.
On the Atlantic side all of the war
chips except two will proceed north for
maneuvers. Four hundred and fifty
n-.arines under Major Cole will leave
to-morrow on the Dixie for Gunanta
naaio. They are taking a full field
equipment ar.d are probably going to
Cuba for Instructions. The belief is
they will proceed later to San Do
rr.inaro.
Celebrations took place in Panama
and Colon, owing to the ratification of
the treaty. The railroad station and
leading business houses were decorated
and illuminated last evening. Several
officials gave dinners. Fireworks were
seen everywhere.
Despite Colombia's internal disturb
ences, letters Just received from there
declare that the Colombians are ready
to fight as soon as the news arrives
that the treaty has been ratified. One
peneral in Cartagena is quoted as say
ing that If the Government does not
declare war the troops on the border
will invade Panama anyhow. This
revolutionary talk by officials meets
popular approval in Colombia.
The last information from the
<-oast is that another regiment of sol
diers has been sent from Cartagena to
the frontier. Half of the 4000 sol
dWs originally sent to Titumati have
been moved twenty-five miles farther
Vij> the Darien co;ist toward Panama.
PARIS. Feb. 24. — No obstacles will
l.« placed by the Panama Canal Com
pany in the way of consummation of
ihr- agreement with the United States
for the Kale of its concession, now that
the canal treaty has been ratified by
ih° Senate at Washington.
It is expected that counsel for the
company in the United States will
conduct the final negotiations.
MANY XOTEU EDUCATORS
ATTEXD THE CEREMONY
rainier Hall, the New Science Build
ing of Colorado College. Is Dedi
cated Wilh Great Pomp.
COLORADO. SPRINGS, Colo.. Feb.
'4- — With pomu and splendor Palmer
Hail, the magnificent new science
building of Colorado College, was
dedicated yesterday in the presence of
an assemblage of nearly 1000 people.
Presidents of 'arious colleges of the
Kast and West were present and in the
line of march were many of the most
< clebrated educators of the country.
The dedication address was deliver
ed by President David Starr Jordan,
LT~ D., of Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity. He spoke in part as follows:
The American university cares for it» stu
dfr.tf. unwisely sometime* In lagjrinK or futile
lat-hion. but still on the whole to their preat
advantage. fche is alwa>t a cherishing
n-.»th*r. and as such her children love her
Tfc» O«rman university makes no effort to see
that her Btucier.ts work wisely, or indeed, that
they work at all. They -are weaned once they
l'«\e the cymnaFium. There are too many
at them, anyhow.
In th« range of mean-rpirited criticism there
• nothing more contemptible than that which
■*crib<Mi eelflsh aims to wealthy men who jive
t^> colleres. Sensationalist neurotics are con
stantly in fear that, the rich man will force
xl;* co'lee* to teach his doctrines. Such a
thiDB has never happened, for the man who
t-ecoroe* rich has sense enough to. understand
th«> freedom of the university.
But here In Colorado there rules a eaner
fplrlt. Our Palmer Hall is the «rift of a kind
jind helpful friend. As cuch It is received by
all who are here to-day and by all true and
Icyal citizena of Colorado.
Huntrrs Mysteriously Disappear.
BISBEE, A. T., Feb. T4.— Searching
parties left Douglass to-day to locate
the whereabouts of W. J. Stevens of
Los Angeles, Cal., and a companion
who started from Douglass about a
week ago for a three days' hunting
trip. It is feared that the men may
have met with some serious mishap.
ADVZBTISEKENTS.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears 1 , the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over ioo years.
Six of the housekeeping
questions are settled:
tea b*k:nc-pc»d«T tpices
oogea ftmvoriag extract* Bed*
and settled for good.
Schilling's Best at you",
grocer's; moneyback.
SACRAMENTO AND AMERICAN
RIVERS ARE SLOWLY RISING
Soft, Warm Rains That Prevail in the Mountains Cause
the Snow to Melt, and, Although the Feeders of These
Streams Are Booming, No Serious Damage Is Expected
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 24.— To-day wit
nessed a considerable rise in the Sacra
mento River, but the water can reach
nearly four feet higher without endan
gering the banks. Such a rise is not
locked for, since the water would flow
over the Yolo levee, on the opposite
side, before it could attain such a
height. Reports received from all
points to-day confirm the belief that a
period of high water may be expected
to-morrow, to continue so long as the
soft, warm rains prevail in the moun
tains, causing the snow to melt and
making all the feeders of the American
and Sacramento rivers boom. A great
mass of driftwood, consisting in large
part of cut logs from the mountain
lumber camps, is being carried past
Sacramento by the rapid and fast wid
ening current. The down river farm
ers, who have reclaimed their valuable
lands by building high levees around
them, are experiencing much alarm,
since the height of the river at this
point— nearly twenty-six feet— indicates
that the danger line has been reached
farther down the stream. The usual
relief in such an emergency comes from
breaks in the weak levees on the Tolo
side, which may be expected to-mor
row. Sacramento each year suffers
from reports from high water and im
pending floods, but as a matter of fact
the city is perfectly safe and the citi
zens express no fear of trouble. At
some places in the mountains and val
leys the rainfall for the last twenty
four hours has reached more than, two
and one-half inches.
On the Oroville branch of the South
ern Pacific Railroad the water had risen
to such an extent that no trains were
running to-day, while on the line be
tween Woodland and Marysville no
trains were running farther than
Chandler station. The railroad com
pany is locking for still higher water
at various valley points to-morrow,
while the weather bureau has warned
all river residents that danger line
stages may be reached by to-morrow.
MARYSVILLE SHUT OUT.
Flood Waters Cut Off City From the
Outside World.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 24.— For the last
twenty-four hours the city of Marys
ville has been practically shut out from
the outside world by flood water, which
at a late hour to-night is slowly rising.
Rain fell steadily all night and nearly
all day and continues at this writing.
Not only is this the case all through
the valley, but reports received here
to-night verify the statement from the
headwaters of the Yuba and Feather
rivers that the same conditions have
existed at those points for the last
twenty-four hours. The Yuba River
registers 19:7 feet, and with the Feather
is continuing to rise. It is expected
that the high water mark, 21 feet, will
be reached before morning.
The country to the north, south and
west Is flooded. The lev^e along the
south bank of the Yuba near the Brad
ley farm has given way in four differ
ent places and a large volume of wa
ter is pouring out over the country
to the south between this city and
Reeds station. Farmers from that sec
tion say the water extends as far as
the eye can see. However, it is be
lieved that but little damage will re
sult in that section, as the water runs
off quickly when the river recedes.
Some livestock has been drowned, but
the loss is not heavy. The levee break
ing shuts out all travel from the south
and Wheatland except by rail. The
Knights Landing and Oroville route of
the Southern Pacific line is inundated
for several miles and no trains were
run to-day.
The rapid rise of the Feather River
to-day cut off travel from the north
and from Sutter County.
So far as the city of Marysville is
concerned, no trouble is anticipated, as
the levee system Is in excellent condi
tion. No chances are being taken, how
ever, men patrolling the great dykes
day and night. The break on the south
side has lessened the strain. Reports
from the Government barriers on the
Yuba say that the water has passed
the high water mark and is rising at
the rate of 10 inches per hour.
Some alarm is felt by merchants and
they are moving their goods to high
places. Every available man is being
hired by the cltyho patrol the levee.
RAIN FALLS AT SALINAS.
Precipitation Comes in Time to Prove
of Value to Monterey County.
SALINAS, Feb. 24.— A mild south
easterly wind has developed a drizzling
rain that promises to be of great value
to this county. The rain began falling
about 6 o'clock this evening and has
continued steadily ever since. The to
tal precipitation for the season In the
upper part of the Salinas Valley has
been about five inches. Salinas has
had to date 4.42 inches. In the lower
sections of the county around Soledad,
King City and San Lucas the totals
have been less. In spite of the fact
that the average is much smaller than
usual the prospects are fair. The hills,
which three weeks ago were bare, are
rapidly showing in feed. From Jolon
and the cattle sections of the county
reports are that the cattle will pull
through If no heavy frosts come. In
the valley many of the farmers will
raise hay, and, with the usual spring
rains, the northern part of Monterey
County will show a large acreage in
beets. The present stretch of mild
weather has started feed of all sorts
and has greatly relieved the fears of a
dry year. Around San Miguel and
along the line of San Luis Obispo Coun
ty reports state that the cattle will
pull through and the spring rains in
sure plenty" of feed.
ADDITIONAL LANDSLIDES.
Trains on the California Northwestern
Railroad Arc Delayed.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 24.— Two addi
tional landslides occurred on the Cali
fornia ! Northwestern Railroad to-day,
making a total of five within the past
few days. The heavy rainfall is re
sponsible for the slides. About five
miles north of Cloverdale a slide oc
curred during the night and a large
force. of men was put to work to re
move it. The train from Ukiah was
more than an hour late reaching Clo
verdale, and the train from that city
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
was held until the arrival of the one
from the north. This made the morn
ing train to San Francisco late reach
ing the metropolis. The Ukiah express
was caught behind a second landslide
in the afternoon and did not pass
through this city until after 5 o'clock,
more than an hour behind time. The
rains have ceased and there will prob
ably be no further trouble on the road.
High water is reported from all sec
tions, especially in the vicinity of
Guerneville. The Laguna and Green
Valley creeks are quite high. The to
tal rainfall for the season in this city
is 23.94, as compared with 23.15 at a
corresponding date last year.
Plenty of Rain at Auburn.
AUBURN, Feb. 24.i-Twenty-five
inches of rain have fallen here this sea
son, six of which have fallen within the
last forty-eight hours. The fall of, last
night and to-day has been almost un
precedented. The streams are full to
overflowing and many washouts are
reported. The extreme warm weather
has caused the snow to melt high up in
the mountains and fears are enter
tained for those living along the Sacra
mento River. The American River at
this point is extremely high. The grass
shows a wonderful growth and stock
men are happy. The hay and grain
men have their crops all in and are
confident of a large yield. The fruit
men are also counting on an abundant
harvest.
Santa Clara Valley Gets Wetting.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 24.— Rain began fall
ing early this morning and from 10
o'clock to darkness there was a heavy
downpour. A light rain is falling this
evening and every indication points to
an all-night storm. Half an inch of
rainfell to-day, making a total of 6.25
for the season. Up to this time last
year 10.12 inches of rain had fallen. The
rain this year has come at opportune
times, it all soaking into the ground
and not causing floods. Good hay and
grain crops are assured with the pres
ent storm and the feed on the hill
ranges will ba given a good start. The
present storm just comes right for the
orchardists and will greatly benefit the
fruit trees, which will soon begin to
bud.
Stockton Farmers Cry "Enough."
STOCKTON. Feb. 24.— The rain con
tinues and the farmers are crying
"enough.'.' Rain has fallen almost con
tinuously since last night and there is
no sign of a let-up. The ground has
received a good wetting In all parts of
the county. High water is reported
east of Stockton, though it is believed
there is no immediate danger of a flood.
The crop outlook could not be better.
Rivers Higher Than for Ten Years.
UKIAH, Feb. 24.— AM day yesterday
and last night rain continued and this
morning the creeks and rivers were
higher than they have been for ten
years. Communication with Willlts has
been cut off and trains have arrived to
day by transferring over the slides.
Foster Valley is entirely cut off and no
stage arrived to-day.
WEATHER INTERFERES
WITH POLO TOURNAMENT
Dates for the International Contests
Will Be Selected at an
Early Day.
The international polo tournament,
which was to have been commenced
at the Burlingame Country Club on
Saturday, has been postponed. As
there has been but little rain at Mon
terey the English poloists prefer to re
main there until the weather becomes
settled In this district.
The splendid Del Monte field affords
both players and their ponies an ex
cellent exercise ground.
E. Ezra, the East Indian player,
who was Injured on Monday, may be
out of the game for a month. He has
water on the knee as the result of his
fall. His absence will materially
weaken the English team.
The officers of the Californian Polo
and Pony Racing Association expect
to hold a meet at Tanforan on March
12 and 14. Thomas H. Williams of the
California Jockey Club was one of the
first members of the Pony Racing As
sociation. He takes a deep interest in
the welfare and the members are un
der many obligations to him for the
use of Tanforan track and for other
thoughtful courtesies.
RAINFALL IS HEAVY.
Rivers in Northern Part of State Art;
Running Unusually High.
The rainfall was heavy yesterday
throughout Central and Northern Cal
ifornia. Professor -McAdie of the
Weather Bureau 'stated last evening
that he thought the southern section
of the State would get rain to-day.
The winds were light all along shore.
The rivers in the northern part, of
the State were swollen to abnormal
proportions. Overflows were threat
ened at Marysville, Red Bluff and at
other points. McAdie says that the
maximum flow will be attained by
noon to-day." Warnings have been
6ent by the weather-bureau to all
towns threatened by the high, water.
More showery weather is predicted
for San Francisco for to-day.
Oakland's Rainfall.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24. — The rainfall
in this city for the twenty-four hours
ending at 1 p. m. to-day was .67 of an
inch, making a seasonal total of 18.27
inches, as compared with 16.08 Inches
to the corresponding date last year.
Ordered Out of the City.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 24.— Ben
Zaracharlas, a member of the national
executive board of the Fitters' and
Cutters' Union, was to-day ordered by
a magistrate to leave the city Immedi
ately. He was arrested at the instance
of the Arnojd Louchim Company. cloth-
Ing manufacturers, who advertised in
New York for cutters and fitters. The
garment workers here are on strike! ■
At the hearing it was alleged that
Zaracharias came here from New York
with thirty workmen and induced ten
of them to violate their contracts with
the firm. He was arrested while ac
costing workmen In. front of the Arnold
Louchim factory;.
NAVY PROJECT
STIRS DEBATE
Burton, of Ohio Again Bitterly
Opposes the Clause Provid
ing for a New Battleship
DISCUSSION IS HEATED
Several Features Arc Elimi
nated From the Bill and
Other Changes May Be Made
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Two storm
centers were encountered in considera
tion of the naval appropriation bill in
the House to-day. First, the great
lakes training station went out of the
bili on a point of order, after a wordy
battle. The building programme pro
posed in the bill then met criticism and
blocked further progress of the meas
ure for the day. Burton of Ohio, the
echoes of whose sensational speech for
peace on Monday had hardly died out,
moved to strike out, the provision for
the single battleship authorized. This
motion is now pending. It served as a
text, after Burton had supplemented
his Monday's speech with figures" show
ing that the United States was build
ing more naval vessels than any other
European country except Great Britain,
for several Republican speeches, in
which Burton was declared not to be
in line with his party. In the event of
the defeat of this motion and the ac
ceptance of the whole building pro
gramme a motion is to be made to
morrow by Representative Meyer of
Louisiana to have the bill recommitted
to the Naval "Committee with the fol
lowing instructions:
First, to provide for a coaling station
and dock .at Olangapo, P. I., instead of
a naval station; second, to eliminate
the provision for two armored cruisers,
and the armor thereof, costing S15.00Q,
000; third, to place a limit of $338 per
ton as a maximum price for armor
plate, with the provision for an armor
plate factory to cost not over $4,000,
000 if the armor cannot be procured
within the limit prescribed; fourth, that
all vessels herein provided for under
the head of "increase of the navy" ex
cept the battleship, be constructed iu
Government navy yards.
After extended discussion of various
sites the paragraph in the bill provid
ing for a naval training station was
ruled out of the bill, Cooper insisting
on the point of order.
Burton of Ohio, in moving to strike
from the bill the authorization for a
new battleship, resented criticisms
which he said had been made against
him for his speech on Monday against
the proposed naval programme. It had
been said that he was out of line with
the Republican party. This he denied
vigorously. He justified his position
by comparing the battleship construc
tion this year with that' of other na
tions'of the world.' Our construction,
he said, was larger than usual. In
naval expenses the United States was,
he said, with the exception of Great
Britain-, 50 per cent ahead of any Euro
pean nation.
Grosevnor of Ohio criticized Burton's
position. He read the plank on the
navy in the Ohio Republican platform
of 1903, on which, he said, the late la
mented Senator Hanna was so tri
umphantly indorsed. This plank, he
said, Burton had certainly indorsed,
or at least he had not repudiated It. It
read:
As America's part In preserving the peace of
the world, we Indorse the Republican policy of
developing- the United States navy to the high
est efficiency.
"Peace on earth and good will among
men depended on good ships and good
guns," was Grosvenor's announced doc
trine. He appealed to the Democrats:
"Don't forsake the only good thing
there, is in your record. Don't go off
after new idols."
At 5:04 p. m. the House adjourned. <
SENATE COMMITTEE
CURTAILS CAB BILL
Unnecessary Expenses Are Cut Off in
Appropriations for Various
Federal Departments.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24. — The Sen
ate Committee on Appropriations to
day reported the legislative, executive
and judicial appropriation bill. , It
carries $28,736,233, a net increase over
the House bill of $447,578. The prin
cipal amount of Increase is $S9,300 for
the Department of Commerce and La
bor, of which $25,000 Is for the Bu
reau of Corporations.
The House provision relating to
carriages is amended so as to provide
that no portion of '.'this or any other
act shall be available for carriage
hire." The -.%-ord "personal" la elim
inated, so that no one besides the Pres
ident and the head ~* a. department
can have a carriaee.
DOES FREEDOM EXIST?
Congressman Asks Pertinent Question
About the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.—Repre
sentative Williams to-day introduced
a resolution requesting the Secretary
of War to inform the House "whether
and to what extent since the close of
the war the right of free speech and
of free political action prevail in the
Philippine Islands, and particularly
whether any laws are In force which
deny or in any respect abridge' the
right of the inhabitants of those isl
ands to express through the press, by
petition or in orderly public meetings,
the independence of their country by
peaceable separation from the United
States, and If such laws are still in
force, why they are necessary in time
TWO LIGHT VESSELS
FOR SAX FRANCISCO
Boats Now Being Constructed in the
East Will -Be Shipped
; WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Senator
Perkins introduced a bill to-day pro
viding for the -delivery of the light
vessels now beins built in New York
and New Jersey for service on the
Pacific Coast to the inspector : of the
twelfth lighthouse district at San
Francisco, eniiense to be paid from
unexpended balances of appropriations
for light;, vessels.
Senator Ankeny •, to-day introduced
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ill "The World of Medicine Recognizes Crip as || j
I li Epidemic Catarrh."— Medical Talk. M
Physicians. mBanmaSBSBB6amaaaBnBaamBBmamam&mamBM °* ru " ■
I I iLUAM FARR-jr I
|| I President National College of Law, Nashville, Tenn, I t\
|p^ mm - - ■ ■ £hL JB
• ••••♦•••«•»•«•••••••••«•••••••■»■••••■»»»««•■»»•»••••■ duces. giving a chance for other disease*
1 Mr. William Farr, President of the National College of Law. Nashville. I to sct in snrt finish the work - .
I T»nn wr |tM- ♦ Pneumonia, consumption, congestion or
I I the lungs and brain, acute rheumatism.
i TWO years ago I had a Severe attack Of la grippe, which I typhoid fever and typhoid malaria are all
:; seemed to baffle the physicians, and I was unable io attend to my { iLTrT, m ,y ,c-
\\ office work and it interfered with my routine of business. One ! count for it. the fact remains that every
.,.,.... ,, . „ _,-_,♦ epidemic brings with it a fearful death
' of my students, who had been cured by using Peruna, advised « rate.
* .. .. . a ' l j-# j-j l a al ■ ■ J . In speaking of the treatment of la
me to try it, and acting on his advice I did so, but with misgivings « grippe. Dr. s. b. Hartman, President of
', . , ... j a r j al a l ♦ The.Hartraan Sanitarium at Columbus.
|; / can assure you. I was heartily surprised to find that a change I onio, says:
', ,. , im a' ■ i a iLjj~-LJALf-AtM k "I have Ion? since passed through,
" for the better Set in almost as SOOn as I had finished the first bot- \ wn at may be called the experiment stase
., .» li a a l l. • t j • i of the doctor's history. In the beginninjc
' tie and I was able to take up my work again in a week, and in J £r my medical career i. like many other
t two weeks I had entirely recovered my good health. t gg£t£&£5} ST^hK;
I "Peruna is well deserving of confidence and I sincerely add \ [ a el L a r ? p e pe f T n Ts^'i ?S SeVSabW
:| my little to the much said in praise of it"-William Farr. { g&RSS&S £j5&&5S aiP^
t > i i n t i t t «»««»»«»«« ■»««*» . . . » .«»»«> »««»«>«»« » » . . « I symptoms of la grippe that It is folly to
loso °ny time experimenting witt> other
La Grippe 15 Epidemic Catarrh. «* contagious disease. 1 re ?f* JSf do not receive prompt and sat-
No one with perfectly healthy mucous Dangers. - . isfactory results from the use of Peruna.
membranes qan contract la grippe. Pe- La grippe Is not a very fatal disease. 7 T £* *\™2L % vonr riband , hTwiU
runa makes diseased mucous membranes although many die of it during the £» fJS^tS sKe *tou hi*^ valuable Id-
healthy. This not only rids the patient course of an epidemic. % lc £ gra tis.
of catarrh, but fortifies the body against The chief danger which is to be feared Addres3 br. Hartman. President of The
the reverses of all climates, epidemics is the low and weakened state it pro- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Prominent Americans Who Owe Their Prompt Relief From Grip to Pe>ru*na.
BENTOX. LA.— Congressman J. H. TARBORO. N. C— The following let- NEW YORK CITY. N. Y.— The follow-
Caldwell is an ardent friend to Peruna. ter from Congressman George H. White ing letter was received from Joseph A.
The following is an extract from a letter &Hes hig expcrIence wlth the famous Flinn. Alderman Fifth District:
""It afforfs n?e great pleasure to state catarrh remedy Peruna. Xot only did it -j had a slight attack of la grippe and
that for several years I have used your cure him of grip, but he uses it as a at once took Peruna. which drove the
remedies in my family with most satis- K«nII> medicine. He writes. . disease out, of my system in a few days
factory results. "I am more than satisfied with Peruna and did not hinder me from pursuing my
"Particularly have I found Peruna to and find it to be an excellent remedy for dally work.
be a most effective remedy for the cure the grip and catarrh. I have used it in "I should like to see our Board of
of la grippe, colds, coughs, asthma or my family, and they all Join me In rec- Health give it official recognition and
any pulmonary trouble for which I have ommending it as an excellent remedy." — have it used generally among our poor
had occasion to recommend it." — J. H. George H. Whit?, Congressman from sick people in Greater Xew York.' — Jo-
Caldwell, Congressman from Louisiana. Xorth Carolina. seph A. Flinn. 104 Christopher street.
a bill identical with that of Jones in
the House for creating a second judi
cial district in "Washington.
WILL PROTECT SEALS.
Bill Proposed That Provides for Pro
tection to the Animals.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24. — The Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations
to-day considered Senator Dillingham's
bill to prevent the extermination of
fur-bearing animals in Alaska. Argu
ments in favor of the bill were made
by Senators Dillingham and Nelson of
the special committee, which visited
Alaska with a view to suggesting legis
lation needed by that Territory and by
former Senator Faulkner of West Vir
ginia, who represents the North Amer
ican Commercial Company, which con
trols the fur sealing off the Pribyloff
Islands. The bill was. made .the spe
cial order for consideration by the
committee on March 2. . r ,* J
AMENDING FOOD LAWS.
Clause in Appropriation Bill Broadens
Powers of Inspection.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The Sen
ate spent the greater- part of to-day
discussing an amendment to the agri
cultural appropriation bill striking out
the House provision giving authority
to therSecretary of Agriculture to in r
spect. imported food products by sub
stituting the provision of the act of
1900 bearing on the same point.
Consideration of the bill practical
ly was concluded, but final action on
it was . postponed until »to-morrow, in
order to . alldw an inspection of it as
amended.
Snowslidc Kills Six Miners.
CRESTED BUTTE, Colo.,- Feb: 24.—
Six miners have been killed by a snow
slide near the Augusta mine, nine miles
northwest of Crested Butte. They are:
PETER McQUADE, JOSEPH FER
RERI, PETER STERL. JOSEPH SLO
GAR, MICHAEL VIDMAR, TONY
STENICHA. Only one body has been
recovered.
Dutch Schooner May Be Lost.
LONDON, Feb. 24. — It is feared
here that the Dutch schooner Voer
waerts, Captain Jonker, which sailed
fKom New York October 18 for Rio
Grande do Sul, Brazil, has been .lost
during' a hurricane on the North At
lantic Coast. :
Turkish Bank in Trouble.
VIENNA, Feb. 24.— The Turkish
banking house of Mathias Russo Is re
ported to. be • in * difficulties. This had
only, a' slight effect on the BoerseJ as
the transactions .of the firm are not
important. - ,.
STOCKTON. Feb. 24.— Ames Wyatt, an old
resident of this city, died at the Detention
Hospital for the Insane, south of Stockton, last
THRILLING CALIFORNIA NOVEL BY
A FAMOUS CALIFORNIA AUTHOR
"TO-MORROW'S
' TANOLE"
By GERALDINE BONNER
4
VILL BEGIN IN THE —
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
/
This book has created the biggest sensation since The Octopus,'*
and it will be even more popular because you not only
know all the people in this almost historical
drama, but all the places wherein they
love and hate and fight their —
public and private battles. - '"r
Mariposa's rehearsal at the Grand Opera House' and her love '
scenes in Golden Gate Park. — The millionaire's home in '
Menlo Park. — The mansion on Nob Hill. — The
strange discovery of the millionaire's son in the (
photograph gallery on Post street — Man- (
, posa f s fight in the rain on Sutter i
street and her thrillingly pathetic i
plight on Russian Hill are *
vivid — almost too real- J
istically vivid. — (
The Prologue with its death and birth on the desert-nts out- '
rageous trade in wives and horses and its primitive {
marriage in a blizzard will grip your <
heart through every word. I
evenlnr- "While bein* undressed he suddenly
expired. An autopsy showed that death waa
due to a blood clot In the heart.
34
AMERICAN-BUILT WARSHIP RETVIZAN DOES VALIANT SERVICE FDR
Alexieff Warns Chinese to
Keep' Peace or Be
Exterminated.
YINKOW, Feb. 24.— Viceroy Alexieff
has caused a proclamation to be issued
throughout Manchuria notifying the
Chinese that Russia is at war with
Japaji on account of Japan's treacher
ous attack on the Russian fleet.
This proclamation is under six head
ings. The first warns the inhabitants
that thfy must prevent the encroach
iuent of Chinese on Kussian territory.
Second, Russian and Chinese inter
ests are declared to be identical; but as
China says sh<* wishes to maintain neu
trality, therefore all officials in Man
churia, instead of hindering, must as
sist the Russian army.
Third, the peoule shall continue their
occupations and shall treat the Rus
sian troops with confidence.
Fourth, the railroad telegraphs are
left to the protection of the people, who
will be held responsible in case they
are Injured.
The fifth heading warns the people
not to obey the threats of the chunchus
(bandits), who are the curse of Man
churia, but to assist the troops to ex
terminate them; if they do not assist
in this they also will be treated as rob
bers.
Sixth, If the people antagonize the
troops or show them hatred they will
be exterminated without mercy. The
Government Is taking steps in any
event to protect its interests.
The proclamation makes an earnest
appeal for the sympathy of the people
in the present crisis when, it says,
"Russia must put her back to the
wall."
H. B. Miller, United States Consul at
Newchwang, i? unceasingly active in
his endeavors to protect Japanese refu
gees and has made further demands for
Information as to the whereabouts of
the refugees. He has made strong rep
resentations in the matter of the right
of search and inspection.
The reorganization of the viceregal
administration is now going forward
and is 'expected to take one month.
Meanwhile there are considerable com
plications and uncertainty in all inter
national and domestic quarter*.
l'ELLETAN REPORTS
UPON CONDITION OF
THE FRENCH NA\ r Y
PARIS. Feb. 24. — In consequence of
contradictory reports as to the present
state nf the French navy the
Parliamentary Committee on Naval
Affairs requested Minister of Marine
Pelletan to supply it with information
on the subject and a conference took
place ai the Palais Bourbon. The
statements there made by Pelletan
gave great satisfaction and the com
mittee has embodied them in a pub
lished report.
After declaring that he did not con
sider a conflict likely, but that France
must be prepared for such a contin
gency, Pelletan said the French fleet
was in excellent condition. The navy
had at its disposal five armored cruisers
of the most modern type and five more
such vessels would be ready to be com
missioned within a few weeks. Before
the end of this year the cruiser Dupetlt
Tnousars and the battleship Gambetta
would be ready fop service.
The Minister of Marine said he
would have liked to have more small
craft, but he was restricted in this by
the naval appropriations. All the tor
pedo-boat destroyers "on the stocks
were approaching completion. He
said he had ordered fix new sh!»
marines, to be five or six times larger
thnn the present type.
Attention has been given to the sub
ject of coaling stations, he continued,
and the appropriations for the stations
Pt Bizerta, Corsica and Algeria have
been increased.
Regarding the Far East, the Min
ister said it was impossible to weaken
France's fleets in Europe, but that four
torpedo-boat destroyers were being
pent out there. Measures taken be
fore the outbreak of the war for the
defense of Indo-China would make any
attempted landing there practically
impossible.
The general condition of France's
warships and stores left nothing to be
desired, he said, and her stocks of
coal considerably exceeded the regula
tion requirements.
MAY EXTEND CABLE,
FROM ISLAND OF GUAM
TO JAPANESE COAST
■WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Inquiries
have been addressed toy the' Govern
ment by representatives^; of the Com
mercial Cable Company as to whether
permission could be secured to land- on
SCOTT'S EHUIiBION.
is surely coming.
Don't wait for it.
If you are run
down and thin
and take cold
easily, try
SCOTT'S EMULSION
It will strengthen
and fortify your
system and keep
you well.
the Island of Guam an ocean cable
connecting with Japan. Th*e request is
based on apprehension that the exist
ing Japanese cables, both of which run
to Shanghai, crossing the mouth of the
Yellow Sea, may, from their exposed
positions, be cut by the Russians and
Japan left completely isolated. At
Guam the projected cable, of course,
would be connected with the existing
American cable east and west.
Careful examination has been made
into the question as to whether or not
assent on the part of the United States
to thia request would involve a breach
of neutraJity. The decision reached
was fn the negative, on the ground that
a cable is a commercial instrument,
like a mail ship.
BELIEF IN RUSSIA
THAT ALL EUROPE WILL
SOON BE AT AVAR
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1304, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 24.— There
Is a growing belief In official circles
that the outlook tends more than ever
toward international complications. In
spite of the formal declarations of neu
trality by the powers, headed by the
Americans and the English, they all
are gradually massing forces In the Far
East. The Buzheviya Viedmosti says:
"The first news of fighting at Port
Arthur has raised a terrible whirlwind
in the West and has everywhere given
rise to the conviction that a period of
war is before Europe."
There is a report here to-day that
Rear Admiral Evans has 2000 marines
ready to dispatch at a moment's no
tice. This once again stlfnulates the
strong anti-American feeling existing.
An evening paper publishes a report
that 50,000 Chinese'soldiers have gone
over to the Japanese army. It is also
said that the Japanese are landing at
Talienwan and other places.
JAPANESE OF ALL
CLASSES CONTRIBUTE
TO THE AVAR LOAN
. TOKIO, Feb. 24.— According to the re
ports of local banks the national loan
of 100,000,000 yen ($49,800,000) has been
covered nearly four times. The Intense
patriotism of all classes is evinced by
the fact that even servants and labor
ers are contributing from their savings.
According- to the .Seoul correspondent
of the Nichi Xichi, pro-fiussian in
trigues are being carried on there un
der the active leadership of Yl Yon Glk,
former Minister of War. The corre
spondent avers that the intriguers meet,
at night at the French legation. Their
object is, he says, to get the Emperor
to remove with his court to Chiy Yun
Chien, fifty miles to the -eastward of
Seoul.
ENORMOUS PRICES
PAID FOR SUPPLIES
IN SIBERIAN CITIES
IRKUTSK, Siberia. Feb. 24.— Great
activity prevails here In connection
with transportation of troops. The ice
railroad across Lake Baikal is expected
to continue working until the end of
March, when the ice breaker will re
;ume operations.
The prices of provisions are rising
by leaps and bounds. A local paper de
mands the adoption of measures
against speculation in foodstuffs. •• A
fortune of $100,000 was made In a few
days by a man who bought up all the
available felt UBed for lining. After he
had secured all the supplies a telegram
was received by the Government offi
cials Instructing them to line the in
side of railroad cars with felt and con
sequently the authorities were forced to
buy all the speculator's stock at more
than double the price he had paid for it.
MOSCOW. Feb. 24.— The Zomtastov
(district assembly) has voted $150,000
for war purposes and the corporation
has voted $125,000" toward the expense
of replacing the Variag. In anticipa
tion of Russian victories highly colored
Conflicting Stories of the Combat
Continued From Page 1, Columns l-andl
had gathered in the streets in spite of the severe cold to discus*
the news were greatly excited. One newspaper printed an extra
the victory, bdsed on meager telegrams from London.
.. The news of the victory w as accompanied by two stories —
one that after the first decisive Russian victory the Emperor
would offer peace, and the other that Japan had deposed the Em
peror ,of Korea antf formally annexed that country.. Both these
reports are without connrrnation, and they ar« given simply as
examples of the stories which floated about in the excited crowds.
The excitement attained the fever point when- it was known defi
nitely that 'the Emperor had received a telegram giving details and
showing the Russian victory was even greater than at first reported.
Newspaper messengers Waited at the. Admiralty with fast horses ready
to carry away the news which it was known was being prepared. < When
the sheets were finally distributed at 2:?0 o'clock this morning a rush
was made for the exits and the assembled officers cheered wildly and
repeatedly. The crowd showed no inclination to disperse, hoping that fur
ther news would be received, showing the exact extent of the Russian
victory, * . , •. ■■■--. .■'..--. .
It must be observed that in his dispatch Viceroy Alexieff does not men
tion the number of steamers which the Japanese tried to- sink or. drive
upon the Russian ships, and It Is not yet known whether the four, ves
sels the- captain of the Retvizan observed going down, in addition to the
two destroyed; were also laden with inflammables, or were warships.
The greatest praise is given to the commander of. the Retvizan and
the splendid work of this American-built vessel places her name fore
most on the roll of the Russian navy. . ' ■ • - "' • ' i,;.
Viceroy AlexlefTs dispatch was an amplification of a briefer tele
gram received by the Emperor, but which was not given out. Later it
was said that Russia sustained no losses in the engagement.
: It is evident that Vice Admiral Stark no longer commands the Rus
sian Port Arthur naval forces. Viceroy Alexieff mentioning a temporary
commander of the fleet, without giving any names.
Stories to the ; effect that the Japanese designed an attempt at land-
Ing in Pigeon Bay at the same time that % the engagement occurred, are
not mentioned in the dispatches, and' it is assumed these are without
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY ILo, l'J04.
SUMMARY OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
ADMIRAL TOGO has evidently tried, as Rear Admiral Sampson did at Santiago, to bottle
up the opposing fleet' in a narrow-necked harbor. While reports are conflicting, it is
clear that an attempt? was. made to send in steamers (old transports, probably) and sink
them in the channel at Port: Arthur, which, in some places, is not more than ioo yards wide.
The attempt ended in disaster,!-, :
It may be f assumed that the : Russians had destroyers and cruisers weir out from the
entrance,, and tfiat an inner line of torpedo-boats and . launch pickets was maintained. With
these to give the alarm, the chances were strong that the Japanese 'ships were sunk by tlis
fire of the forts arid .cniisers long before reaching the narrow channel arid at a point where
there is plenty of room for ships to pass. The earlier reports that Japan lost four battleships
or cruisers are explained by later news. "Fire ships" are ;ot used in modern naval warfare.
London- was -depressed and Paris elated by earlier dispatches announcing the Japanese
Japan's treaty with Korea is a surprise to diplomats. Jc is considered possible that it
might make effective France's agreement to come to Russia's aid 'if th£ latter row er becomes
involved in a war with two nations. ...... " : ' .
Russian Cruisers Engage the Japanese
Fleet Off Port Arthur Harbor.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 24. — -It is reported that the Chinese Foreign Office has agreed to allow
the Russian gunboat Mandjur to remain at Shanghai on the condition that she dismantle her rud
der and draw her fires. The Japanese cruiser Akitsushima (which arrived at Woosung, near here,
on February 19 to wait for the Mandjur) proceeded northward to-day. '
NAGASAKI, Feb. 24.— -The Japanese Government has seized 670 tons of mess beef which
was shipped from San Francisco on the steamship Korea on February 2 and. which was consigned
to the Russian Government at Vladivostok. It is believed that the Government will pur
chase the beef.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— Viceroy AlexiefFs dispatch to the Czar of Russia clearing up the doubts
caused by the sensational versions oif the last Port Arthur affair was received in London too late
to be published in the early editions of the morning papers; but it confirms the opinion, founded
upon earlier rumors, that Admnal Togo made a daring attempt to bottle up the Russian fleet at
Port Arthur, and although Viceroy Alexien" asserts that the entrance to the harbor of Port Arthur is still free, the
fact that Admiral Togo's fleet, minus the vessels ln.1ured in the- couragepUB exploit,, was Been steaming at full
speed in a southeasterly direction from Welhaiwel, is;interpreted as an indication of the Japanese admiral's satis
faction with the accomplishment of his design. * ..... ; . .
It Is pointed out that it would be difficult for the Russians, Jn the darkness of night, to ascertain just what
had occurred to the Japanese vessels, or to distinguish between, the hulks it was the Intention to sink and torpedo
boats. As two damaged vessels were observed steaming slowly away from Port Arthur and as the Japanese
fleet was going at full speed off Welhaiwei, It is presumed that the two" damaged .vessels might have gone else
where to repair. «_ '
Another explanation of the incompleteness of Admiral- Togo's squadron, as seen off Welhaiwel, is- that he
possibly left some vessels to watch oh* Port Arthur. . : -, , ;
Further details of this engagement from Independent sources are awaited with the greatest interest, hut it
is believed that the reports that Japanese battleships "or 'transports were sunk should be taken with a degree of
allowance.
A dispatch received here from Tokio this morning explains the recent suspension of Japanese naval opera
tion to have been chiefly due to bad weather prevailing in the gulf of Pechill; where there have been winds,
snowstorms and fogs. The'general opinion in London is that Admiral Togo, possibly after returning to Japan to ef
fect repairs, will next devote his attention to the Russian Vladivostok squadron.
It is officially announced from St. Petersburg that the Russian Government has expressed its warmest
thanks to Great Britain for the help given the crews of the cruiser Varlag andthe gunboat' Koreitz by the British
cruiser Talbot at Chemulpo.
In a dispatch from Chefu a correspondent of the Dally Mail says that 5000 Russian troops have moved from
Mukden to Hsinminting and that skirmishes are reported between Chinese regulars and Russians near Shanhaikwan.
It Is announced from Peking, this correspondent continues, that Paul Lessar, the Russian Minister to China,
has offered written assurance that the Russian gunboat Mandjur, shall not leave Shanghai until the conclusion of
hostilities, but Japan insisted that the vessel be disabled.
Cabling from Tokio a" correspondent of the Times says the Russian movements on the Yalu are not considered
serious in Japan, where the town of Plngyang, Korea, is considered safe. It is reported that the constant exodus
of Chinese coolies from Manchuria, the Times correspondent goes on to say, Is causing great inconvenience to the
Russians.
battle scenes, representing the Japan
ese in rout, are being printed by en
terprising lithographers for* distribu
tion in the neighboring villages.
BRESLAU, Silesia, Feb. 24.— The lo
cal newspaper says that Russia, in con
sequence of the necessities arising from
the war with Japan, has decided to ad
mit German pig iron free of duty.
EVANS TO RELINQUISH
COMMAND OF FLEET
ON ASIATIC STATION
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Admiral
Evans has cabled the Navy Depart
ment that he will sail for home about
March 26 on the battleship Kentucky.
The Navy Department has received
the following cablegram from Comman
der Marshall, the naval attache at To
kio:
"The foreign naval attaches will not
be permitted to accompany the Jap
anese fleet. Will be provided for, at
Imperial headquarters, probably Kioto,
Continued From Page, 1, Columns 3, 4 and 5.
Japan, next month; later, possibly at
Tsushima Islands."
Colonel Crowder of the general staff,
who has been selected to accompany
the Japanese army Jn the field during
the war, left Washington to-day for
San Francisco, whence he will sail
March 5 for Yokohama.
Some confusion exists as to the name
of one of the United States' army offi
cers who is going to Japan to accom
pany the Japanese army. Captain Pey
ton C. Marsh and not Captain Fred
erick is the officer who has been as
signed.
Lieutenant Granville R. Fortesque,
Fourth Cavalry, one of the President's
military aids, at his own request has
been granted leave of absence and will
go to the Far East as. a personal ob
server of hostilities from the Japanese
side.
RUSSIA'S LAND FORCES
MAY RETIRE FAR INTO
MANCHURIAN PROVINCE
PARIS. Feb. 24.— The Temps this
afternoon publishes a dispatch from St.
Petersburg which says General Koru
patkin, who has been relieved from the
Ministry of War and has been appoint
ed cqmmander In chief of the Russian
army in the Far East, will leave for
the Far East on March 7, and that he
is expected to arrive at the theater of
war before any important battle occurs.
The Temps' dispatch, after confirming
the announcement that the Japanese
troops have reached Northern Korea,
adds:
"It is expected that Russia. will not
oppose {he passage ,of the Yalu River,
but will withdraw her land defense
further north in Manchuria, believing
that such action will be disadvantage
ous to the enemy, because of the dis
tance from his base . and the ineffi
ciency of his cavalry.". .
BRITISH- 'SUBJECTS
ORDERED TO LEAVE
PORT OF VLADIVOSTOK
LONDON, Feb. 24.— About 25,000 tons
of British coal are now being loaded on
Japanese steamships for Japan. The
Bingo Maru is loading 6000 tons and the
Sado Maru 6000 tons at Cardiff, while
the. Barrow, the Kawachi Maru and
another vessel are taking on board the
remainder.
A special dispatch from Kobe, Japan,
says the British commercial agent at
Vladivostok has arrived at Nagasaki
and reported that the commander of
the Russian garrison at Vladivostok
had ordered all British subjects to leave
that port. y
The Under Foreign Secretary, Earl
Percy, replying to a question fn the
House of Commons to-day, said the
British Consul ' General at Shanghai
had" taken no part whatever in the
demand made for the withdrawal of
the Russian gunboat Manjur from
Shanghai, as reported in some Euro
pean newspapers.
Reuter's Telegram Company has
given out an explanation of how the
abolition of the censorship In Russia
was brought about, as follows:
"The abolition of censorship of news
telegrams sent abroad from Russia Is
understood to have been the direct out
come of an Interview which Melville
E. Stone, general manager of the Asso
ciated Press, had with the Czar in St.
Petersburg. Mr. Stone urged upon his
Majesty the wisdom of abolishing the
censorship, and as a result of the man
ner in which the matter was repre
sented to him the Czar called upon M.
von Plehwe, Minister of the Interior,
for a report on the subject. The report
having been made, the Czar gave an
order that the censorship should cease."
Japan Seeks Loan In England.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 24.— Baron
Suyamatsu of the Japanese diplomatic
corps, charged with a special mission
regarding the floating of a war loan in
London, arrived here to-day from Tokio
on the steamship Iyo Mara. The Baron
declined to speak of his mission. He is
hastening to London as quickly as pos
sible.
Balkans War May Be Averted.
LONDON, Feb. 25. — "It is almost
certain," cables the Constantinople
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph,
"that Turkey and Bulgaria are on the
point of reaching a pacific under
standing regarding Macedonia."
Fleet Retires From Port Arthur
Continued From Page 1, Columns 6 and 7.
PARIS, Feb. 25.— In a dispatch from Harbin the correspondent of th»
Matin, says the Japanese, In an attempt to repeat at Port Arthur the ex
periment made by the Americans at Santiago, sent in three merchant
ships to be sunk in the entrance to the harbor. The Russian battleship
Retvizan, although still stranded, perceived them and sank them before this
design could be carried out. Viceroy Alexieff has postponed his arrival
here, adds the correspondent, and horses are being sent to Mukden for hia use
LONDON. Feb. 24.— A dispatch to Reuter's Telegram Company from
St. Petersburg, sent at 11 o'clock to-night, says that the Japanese attempt
ed to send, four steamships filled with explosives among the Russian fleet
in Port Arthur. These flreships did no damage and 1 were themselves de
stroyed, two being sunk and two going ashore. Two Japanese boats es
corting the fireships were destroyed by Russian guns.
SHANGHAI. Feb. 24.— The Japanese army corps landed at Chemulpo.
. Korea, totaling about 30,000 men, has already been deployed between Seoul
and Pingyang. The advance gnards are even northward of the latter place
Owing to the partial thaw the roads are bad and the transportation of
provisions and war munitions is most difficult.
SEOUL. Feb. 24.— The Russians are keeping communication between
Wiju and Anju, Korea, open. Otherwise no advance to the southward has
yet been made. Russian spies, however, are reported to be in the vicinity
of Pingyang. • ■> • r
• COLOMBO, Ceylon, Feb. 24.— The Russian voUmteer fleet steamship
VoroneJ, from Port Arthur, via 'Singapore, arrived here to-day without hav
ing been molest wl. : She passed the Japanese cruisers Nissin and Kasuri
;uear Formosa. - - » " '
Russia's Protest Against
Japan's Course Finds
Supporters.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 24.— The
Russian Government believes a deep
Impression has been made upon inter
national sympathies by the note on the
subject of Japan's alleged violation of
the law of nations, sent to the Russian
Embassadors on Monday. The Govern
ment lays especial stress upon the Jap
anese action at Chemulpo, where, It is
pointed out. the Japanese seized and
cut the communications in order to
prevent Pavldff, the Russian Minister,
and the Russian warships Variag and
Koreltz receiving news of the rupture
of diplomatic relations and then
pounced upon the ships with a greatly
superior; force.
Russia contends that" this action
places Japan outside the pale of civll
ize'd nations and that It smacks so
much of barbarism that it must offend
the chlvalric sense Of civilized fair play.
In diplomatic circles the presentation
of Russia's case is considered strong,
the opinion being, even In unfriendly
quarters, that Japan in her haste to
cripple the Russian fleet at the outset,
committed a blunder by thus striking
a blow without warning, for which the
destruction ot two ships will not com
pensate.
It is further pointed out that If
Japan had allowed Pavloff to return
to a Russian port on board a Russian
warship her magnanimity would have
been universally applauded. *
BUYING HORSES FOR JAPAN.
Prince Lojanoff, the Governor of the
province of Tambov, has issued a warn
ing to the peasants of that province
against selling horses to dealers, who
are trying to buy 2000 horses, ostensibly
for the British army, but really for the
Japanese.
Baron Budburg is starting for the
Far East to organize a flotilla of ten
hospital barges on the Amur River.
Kokovizhoff, on assuming the direc
tion of the Finance Ministry, paid a
glowing tribute to Witte, the former
Minister of Finance, but said he would
not venture at this crfsls to formulate
a programme, reserving that task until
the return of the blessing of peace.
The Novostl, reviewing the resources
of the treasury, figures that the total
amount at the disposal of the. Govern
ment for the conduct of the war is
1320,000,000. which it considers to be
quite sufficient, in view of the fact*
that a far more expensive campaign,
the Turkish war, waged on foreign ter
ritory, cost only J500.000.000; but if this
Is not ' sufficient, the paper contends.
Russia easily' can obtain a loan at
home or abroad, so long'asher mone
tary system remains" sound. The No
vosti adds:
"There is no fear of the depreciation
of the ruble, and if Russia outlives the
war without the ruble falling It will
be her greatest victory."
DISEASE MENACES ARMV.
The army journal raises a warning,
saying that the Japanese will not be
so dangerous as the diseases that will
decimate the army In the field, recall
ing the fact that Russia lost twice as
many men by disease during the Turk
ish war as by the bullets of the enemy,
and urging the organization of hy
gienic and disinfectant corps within
and in the rear of the army.
The family of a Hebrew surgeon of
Kieff, who volunteered for service at
the front, is attracting much attention
in Russian official circles. Under the
law his family was forbidden to reside
at Kieff after the surgeon's departure
and the police ordered the members
of the family to withdraw inside the
Jewish pale. The papers argue that
the family of a man who has gone into
the service of his country should .not
be punished, and the authorities prob
ably will rescind their action.
There Is an Incessant influx of sub
scriptions of money and contributions
of jewelry and other articles toward
the fund being raised to strengthen the
navy and aid the families of the vic
tims of the war; People of all relig
ions—Jews, Catholics, Lutherans and
Mohammedans— are vying with one an
other and the members of the Ortho
dox church in the display of patriot
ism, while the peasants and workmen
are contributing as freely in propor
tion to their means as the nobles and
officials.
NEW: GROUPING OP POWERS.
Several hundred Turcomans have ap
plied to- the Governor General of
Turkestan to be sent to the fighting line.
The reports of Russophlle demonstra
tions in France, Italy and the Slav
countries are eagerly welcomed and the
occurrences are regarded by the Rus
sian press as symptoms of an eventual
new grouping of the powers, whereby,
according to the Novc-e Vremya, the
destinies of Esyptf- South Africa an-i
Afghanistan may be affected.
The railway between Safrnara and
Zlatoust, in European Russia, and the
Siberian lines, with all the territory
appropriated by the Government for
the purpose of these railways, have
been placed under martial law in or
der to insure the regular running of
military trains.
Viceroy Alexieff, with a complete
staff, now has his headquarters on a>
special train, which at present la about
four miles from Mukden, fully equipped
and ready to move from place to place
as the necessities of the situation re
quire.
CASSINI DELIVERS
RUSSIA'S PROTEST TO
STATE DEPARTMENT
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Count Caa
sinl, the Russian Embajtsador, to-day
handed to Secretary H*y Russia's com
munication to the powers protesting
against Japan's alleged violation of in
ternational law. The conference be
tween the Secretary and Embassador
lasted an hour.
The full text of the note is coming
by mail, the substance of It being com
municated by the Embassador on the
basis of cabled advices. This Govern
ment has not yet Intimated what reply
It will make to Russia on the subject
beyond a formal acknowledgment. Sec
retary Hay will bring the matter to the
attention of the President.
King Christian Gives to Russia.
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 24.— The Dan
ish Government to-day announced its
acceptance of Secretary Hay's proposal
in regard to the neutrality of China.
King Christian has sent JoOO to the
Russian aid committee here, and the
Premier. Professor ReuntzT, has con
tributed $50 to the same cause.
RELGAR IS SAID TO BE
A DANGEROUS INDIVIDUAL
Man Arrested at White Hoose Has
Record of Crlmf Now Agaln-st
Him.
CHICAGO. Feb. 24.— The Tribune
saj-s: Edward Relgar. whose per
sistent efforts to see President Roose
velt yesterday resulted in his arrest at
the White House, is known in Chicago.
P. S. Whiting of 73 Florence avenue,
says the man is his nephew, and his be
lief is based on Relgrar's notion that
people's names should be changed to
indicate their trade or profession. Whit
ing said that Kelgar was the name his
nephew, Frank Coe, frequently as
sumed under the delusion that he was
another individual.
Whiting says his nephew killed his
wife and attempted to kill himself a
few years ago.
According to Whitins. Coe or Relgar
has been suffering from mental trouble,
the result of a fall sustained fourteen
years ago when on his way from Pull
man, where he worked in the car
shops, to his home at Lima, Ohio. Coe
had fallen asleep In the smoker, and
being a somnambulist walked out of
the car and was found unconscious by
a switchman. In his fall he struck his
head against a switch, fracturing hia
skull.
Mr. Whiting said:
"Three years after that Coe was sent
to the detention hospital In Toledo.
but he was soon discharged and went
to Springfield. Ohio. He worked there
until four years ago, when he rose one
morning and shot his wife and himself.
His wife died, but he recovered and
was sent to the penitentiary for one
year, after which he was sent to the
insane asylum at Toledo again. He es
caped and went to New York, coming
to Chicago over a year ago."
Catches Burglar in Ills Room.
E. P. "Woods of 71(5% Folsom street
discovered a burglar ransacking his
room last night when he went hom<*.
He grappled with the thug and held
him until assistance came. Officers
Ruggles and Krueger responded to hia
calls for help and arrested the burglar.
He was taken to the Southern station
and booked fcr burglary. He gave th<»
name of Hugh McCaffrey.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— Cameron Forbes,
recently confirmed p* a Philicptae Commis
■ioner. haa not accented the po»t. notwith
stan.liner Secretary Taffs urging, but with
holds hla <tec1.«ton. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ f!ft^?3®L LAXATIVE
H KL^&^L?* MY NAME IS NOT
N J^Vl&^t% HUNYADI ONLY,
I SKI huhyadTjanos,
U WJ« *''*"**■" GENUINE
P I'/p^T S AND RELIABLE
E Ui?hT>t|h HUNGARIAN
IJ fcS | \ V \ LAXATIVE i
I F^b^A^^ WATER. /
P Is Always Reliable for
Weak Men and Women
OIIOULD USB DAMIANA "BITTERS. THK
vJOreat Mexican Remedy: lives health a:>t
•trength to .exual orjan.. Depot. 333 MarketJAPANESE GOVERNMENT ESTABLISHES PROTECTORATE OVER THE EMPIRE OF KOREA
Japan May Buy Fleet of
Airships From Inventor
Greth.
While there has as yet been no final
order to sign an agreement, it is prac
tically certain that the American Aerial
Navigation Company, whose headquar
ters are in this cit3% will be given a
contract to construct four air war me
ehines as quickly as possible for tbe
Japanese Government.
These machines, known as the Greth
airships, have proved themselves to be
more practicable than other machines
that have been experimented with on
the coast, and, being of Infinite value
to a nation engaged in warfare, there
remains little doubt as to the outcome
of the negotiations.
J. O. Brubaker, fiscal agent for the
Greth airships, said yesterday: -
"While matters have not reached the
point where I can say that we will
build four of these vessels for the Jap
nnese Government, still from the nego
tiations that have taken place and the
satisfaction of the Japanese at the
terms we have submitted them I think
that I can safely say that we will
shortly be in receipt of an order from
WAR NO WORRY
TO ROOSEVELT
Situation in East Gives Presi
dent No Concern and the
Fleet Will Not Be Increased
TWO SHIPS NOW IN ASIA
Admiral Evans Is Coming Home,
but Squadron Will Soon Be
Reinforced bv Two Cruisers
Special D'.sratch to The Ca.U.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BAR
TON, WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— "Don't
Ftrengthen the Asiatic fleet. There Is
no danger of this country becoming
involved -in war and we can afford to
wait until the Ohio is ready to go out
it. September."
This was the substance of directions
piver, by the President when he was
about filling up a hole to be made in
the Asiatic fleet when Rear Admiral
Evans sails for home via Europe on
March 25 on the battleship Kentucky.
There are now onJy two other Ameri
»«n battleships, the Wisconsin and the
« >repon. in the Far East. The Presi
dent believes that the fleet is already
Ftrong enough. The San Francisco is
en route to the Asiatic station from
Europe and the new protected cruiser
Tacoma will soon be sent out from San
Francisco under Commander Reginald
Nicholson.
Rear Admiral Evans, according to
his present plan, will arrive in the
Mediterranean about the time the
North Atlantic battle fleet reaches
there. While the North Atlantic fleet
is in Eurc-pean waters it will be easy
\u s=end battleships to the Orient if
necessity .irises.
There has frequently been talk about
P.rar Admiral Evans visiting Emperor
William nf Germany during his home
ward cruise, but nothing definite about
it is known to his friends here. There
has also been talk that they might
meet in the Mediterranean, but this is
also very vague.
SANTA CRIZ MEN SETTLE
I>I SPITE IN NOVEL WAY
Coin Is Tossed for First Bid on Land
and an Acvrptajioe l>ecd Is
Forthcoming.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 24. — A suit
which has been pending in the Su
perior Court here for seven years was
Fettled to-day in a novel way. It was
a partition suit of G. H. Harrington
against H. L. Middleton over 320 acres
in the Biff BaFin. The matter was re
ferred to three referees", who suggested
that it be arbitrated. The parties
agreed, each putting up certified
checks. Middleton, who owned two
thirds, produced a check for $10,000,
and Harrington, who owned one-third,
pave a check for S500G. In order to
choose one uho should bid first, WU
tiara T. Jeter, president of the Bank
of Santa Cruz County, tossed up a half
dollar. Middleton won and bid $12,000
for the entire tract of timber land.
Harrington raised it to $13,000 and it
was accepted. Midleton not raising it.
Before bidding began each had a deed
made out in fa\*or of the other, so
when Harrington's bid was accepted
Middleton passed over the deed. The
attorneys of each side were present
All parties w*>re entirely satisfied.
TEMPERANCE PEOPLE ASK
FOR LOCAL OPTION LAW
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 24.— The
temperance people have submitted a
petition asking that a local option
law be placed before the voters at the
June elections. As a consequence the
liquor interests are consolidating and
will send out calls for aid to all the
wholesale houses In California that
cell wines and liquors In Oregon.
A special reason for the alarm dis
played by the dealers in intoxicants is
that the proposed law will not require
a majority of all the rotes cast in or
der to become effective, but merely a
majority of those ballots upon which
an expression Is voiced. As the
solid vote of the Prohibition party
and every temperance organization in
the State will be cast for the bill the
liquor men have a fight of no small
magnitude on their hands.
Sidewalks Need Repairs.
"A Noe Valley taxpayer" has re
quested the Board of Supervisors to
Icok into* the condition of Church
etreet and vicinity, where the side
walks in some places are badly in
oeed of repairs.
the Japanese to put out four ships.
"We can construct four ships or even
more in as short a time as we could
one. In a rough estimate, I would say
that in forty days' time the vessels
would be ready for shipment. What
takes the time in constructing the ves
sels is in drying out the silk. Aside
from that the work can be rushed
through.
"As an engine of defense in time of
war the airship Is destined to wield
such tremendous power that the mere
contemplation of its destructive force
will make wars between nations Im
possible. Two great powers equipped
with 100 airships each would never dare
to engage in mortal combat. It would
mean nothing less than complete an
nihilation. The advent of the airship
means universal peace. But fortunate
ly in this case neither country is as
yet In possession of airships, and from
the point of an expert I would say that
Japan will be able to do great destruc
tion to her opponents should she decide
to adopt this modern instrument of
war."
FIRES BLANK
SHOT AT SHIP
Dominican Gunboat Presidents
Fires Across the Bow of the
German Steamer Altenburg
NO CAUSE IS ASSIGNED
Vessel Ignores Warning and
Proceeds Without Further In
terruption to West India
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Feb. 24. — The
German steamer Altenburg, Captain
Kuyls. from Hamburg for West In
dian ports, arrived to-day and re
ported that between San Domingo and
Sanchez, Santo Domingo, the Domini
can gunboat Presldente hove in sight
and fired a blank shot across her bows.
Captain Kuhls, however, refused to
stop and no further Interference with
the Altenburg was attempted.
SAIs* DOMINGO, Saturday, Feb. 20.—
The towns of San Cristobal and Ban!
have been recaptured by forces from
the Government gunboat Presldente.
Another Government force has been
sent to attack the Insurgents at San
Pedro de Macoris.
United States Minister Powell has
notified the Government that Wash
ington does not recognize the closing of
ports not at present In possession of
the Government. The blockade is in
effective. #
The insurgents inflicted great dam
age to property in the vicinity of tills
city. The town of San Carlos has been
almost completely destroyed.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The report
of Captain Richard Wainwright, com
manding the Newark, regarding his re
cent reconnoissance about San Do
mingo was made public at the Navy
Department to-day. Captain Wain
■wright found on his arrival at San
chez that the daughter and brother-in
law of the American Consular Agent
both had been wounded by the same
bullet In the fighting there. He wrote
a letter to the commanders of the Gov
ernment and insurgent forces protest
ing against further firing in the streets
of the city-or toward the houses of the
inhabitants and to make his protest ef
fective landed a force of twenty ma
rines and a company of bluejackets.
There was no further firing.
FIVE CHINESE ARE
BURNED TO DEATH
Fire Entraps Men in Stockton Laun
dry and Only One
Kscax>es.
STOCKTON. Feb. 24. — Five China
men were burned to death this morn
ing about 5:30 o'clock In a fire which
ruined a Chinese laundry on North
Hunter street The Chinese were all
asleep in a small room in bunks and
were caught like rats in a trap. .Only
one, Sam Lee, the proprietor, succeed
ed in escaping. He was awakened by
the fire and managed to get out in his
nightclothes. It is thought that a de
fective flue caused the fire. The bod
ies have been removed to the morgue
and an inquest will be held. The
building, a frame structure, was in
sured. The firemen were promptly on
hand, but efforts to save the laundry
men were unavailing.
Arrested for Robbing Passengers.
SALINAS, Feb. 24. — Two men who
were arrested yesterday for robbing
passengers on the train give the names
of Dan Roberts and J. M. Patrick.
The former acknowledges that he Is a
railroad man, but otherwise the stories
of the men conflict. They claim they
never met till a- few days ago In a
Chinese opium den in San Francisco.
They will not tell where they got the
switch keys, nor for what purpose
they had them in their possession. De
tective Lewin of the Southern Pacific
Company believes both men ar ex-con
victs with bad records.
Must Go to San Qucntin.
Joseph L. Kelso, who was con
victed of burglary in the Superior
Court of this city last summer, was
denied a new trial by the Supreme
Court yesterday. The defendant bur
glarized the millinery establishment
of Miss M. B. Quigg at 406 Sutter
street His appeal was based on an
alleged insufficiency of evidence to
convict him of the crime.
Noted Philanthropist Is Dead.
' BALTIMORE, Feb. 24.— Goldsborough
8. Griffith, a philanthropist of national
repute, and president of the' Prisoners'
Aid Society, died to-day, aged 90 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.: THURSDAY; 'FEBRUARY'- 25, '1904.
RULER OF THE KOREAN EMPIRE, AND COMMANDER OF ITS
ARMY, WHICH MAT TAKE THE FIELD AS AN ALLY OF THE
JAPANESE IN THE WAR WITH RUSSIA.
SPANISH STAB
YANKEE TARS
Altercation Between Sailors of
Warships Besults in a Fight
in Which Several Are Hurt
ATTACKING PARTY ESCAPES
Americans Give Chase and the
Men Jump Into Bay, From
Which They Are Rescued
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., Feb. 24.— A
fight occurred here yesterday between
sailors from a Spanish and an Ameri
can warship which resulted in the
wounding of several njen.
A seaman from the United States
cruiser Columbia jostled a 6ailor from
the Spanish cruiser Rio de la Plata as
he passed him in the street. The Span
ish sailor drew a stiletto and seriously
wounded the American. Other men
from the Columbia attacked the two
Spaniards, who defended themselves
with knives and slightly wounded sev
eral other Americans. They finally es
caped, ran to the wharf and jumped
Into the water. They were picked up
by a harbor boat and taken , on board
their warship.
CONSUL CHESHIRE HERE
EX ROUTE TO MANCHURIA
Newly Appointed United States Rep-
resentnlive to Mnkden Leaves
To-Morrow for Far East.
Fleming D. Cheshire, the newly ap
pointed United States Consul to Muk
den, one of the three American repre
sentatives named for. Manchurian
ports under the' provisions of the
treaty of last October, is at the Oc
cidental. Hotel .en route, to the Orient,
for where he will sail to-morrow. Re
garding the recent announcement that
Russia would probably object to the
new Consuls assuming their functions
in Manchuria, Consul -Cheshire said
last evening that -he had received no
advices on this point and was simply
following out his '.instructions, given
him in Washington, Xo proceed at once
to his post He'said that V. P.-Mor
gan and James W. Davidson, .who
have been appointed, Consuls to^Dal
ny and Antung, respectively, are, ex-'
pected here. r to-day» and will probably
leave for the Orient on to-morrow's
steamer. Upon all matters •relating to
the ' hostile conditions on the i other
side of the Pacific and as to his move
ments there. Consul Cheshire declined
to make any statement, explaining
that his position • prohibits" him from
discussing affairs of that character.
Laborer's Hands *. Burned.
P. Byron/ a- laborer, residing at the
southwest corner of Eddy and-Larkin
streets, was badly burned about the
hands last night while trying to ' ex
tinguish a fire in' his room. He was
treated by Dr. Stevens at the Emer
gency Hospital.
TALK IS NOW
OF ARBITRATION
America and France Are Dis
cussing a Treaty for the Set
tlement of All Disputes
OBSTACLES ABE PRESENTED
France Deterred by Eastern
War and Roosevelt Is Uncer
tain About Senate's Action
PARIS. Feb. 24.— It was confirmed
in official circles in Paris to-day that
negotiations were actually in progress
between the United States and France
for an arbitration treaty. The French
Parliamentary group favoring inter
national arbitration is said, however,
not to be over-sanguine in the belief
that a treaty will shortly be '-signed.
It is pointed out here that the- Russo-
Japanese" war and the possibility of
complications growing out of that con
flict rather tend" to cause hesitation on
the part of the negotiators of the arbi
tration treaty instead of hastening its
signature. Moreover, concern is : ex
pressed in this city over the effect in
the United States of the decision of
The Hague arbitration tribunal upon
the question of preferential , treatment
by the powers in the case
of Venezuela. .-■'
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— The State
Department"' confirms \the report that
the 'President has been" considering the
possibility of arranging a treaty with
France providing for the peaceful set
tlement of any disputes between the
two countries by resort to arbitration.
It is further stated that similar propo
sitions have been made to this Govern
ment by the- diplomatic, representatives
of Great Britain, Italy and Holland.
All of these have likewise been '.' taken
under \ careful consideration .by / th«
President. Although earnestly 'favor
ing the principle of arbitration, Presi
dent Roosevelt is indisposed to submit
an arbitration treaty to the Senate un
til he Is assured of its approval.
Californiaris in ; New .York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The follow
ing Californlans are here: .
From San Francisco— G.K.' Hooper,
at the Navarre; C. Kenyon, at the Ho
tel Gerard; J.;S. Bunnell, at the,Man
hattan ; V C. W. Ne whouse, at the Hotel
Albert; Miss R. F. Seyrnour. at ".. the
Victoria;'- T>. Brupe, at ' the Union
Square; P. Lamb and wife, at the Ho
tel York. v .
• From : Los Angeles— F. A. Swan, at
the Parks Avenue. V . .
Do Not Want to Hear Cleveland.
/JACKSON, Miss., Feb. 24.— -By a vote
of 42 to 33 the: lower house of the Miss
issippi Legislature ' to-day defeated a
resolution' to invite . former -President
Cleveland to address ' the body.
HEAVY INCREASE
IN GREAT BRITAIN'S
NAVAL ESTIMATES
LONDON. Feb. 24.— The^British naval
estimate for 1904-05 totals*$184,445,000, a
net increase of $12,360,000 over the esti
mate for 1903-04.
More than half the increase In the
estimates is due to the determination
to pay the entire balance due on the
recently purchased Chilean battleships
on April 1 and to provide them with
ammunition for the next year. The re
mainder of the increase arises from ex-*
pansion of the fleet, increase irf pay of
the personnel and material.
The" estimates provide for a total of
$58,270,880 for new construction, of
which $3,210,415 will be devoted to the
commencement of new, ships. The Ad
miralty will devote $9,050,000 to the pur
chase of armor during the coming year
and says* it has no difficulty now in se
curing an adequate supply of the qual
ity desired.
Satisfactory progress has been made
in the experiments with oil fuel and
three old gunboats have been converted
Into tank shins for the storing of oil
in home ports. Extensive provision is
being made to supply oil afloat.
The, construction of two battleships,
four armored cruisers, ten submarine
vessels and fourteen torpedo-boat de
stroyers will bebegun during the pres
ent year.
In submitting the estimates Earl
Selborne, First Lord of the Admiral
ty, said the Admiralty was aware that
the estimates were .large, but Parlia
ment must remember how great was
the responsibility cast upon the Board
of Admiralty in providing the country
with a navy strong enough to sustain a
struggle with the navies of any two
powers arid to insure reasonable secur
ity for- the . " country's vast seaborne
trade and the food supply of the people.
JEWISH DESERTERS
FROM RUSSIAN ARMY
SHOT WHEN CAPTURED
MOSCOW. Feb. 24. — There is mili
tary activity"" everywhere between
Odessa and Moscow. At Vilna the ac
tivity is qyi^e feverish. My inform
ant there learned from. a Russian col
onel that some 600 Jewish regulars
and reserves had deserted in three
weeks. Asked if it were true that be
tween a dozen and a score of Jewish
soldiers ordered to Manchuria had de
serted; that all except six had got over
the frontier to Germany and that these
six were shot immediately, the colonel
said he believed several such Jews had
been caught and had paid the inevit
able penalty. . ■*
Among the Jews of Southern Rus
sia the feeling is that whatever race is
spared by the Government In orders to
proceed to the front, it will not be
the Jewish. t'AtV*
KUSSIANS CAPTURE
• . BRITISH STEAMSHIPS
• WITH COAL CARGOES
SUAKIM, Egypt, Feb. 24.— The cap
tain of the- British steamship Lurlstan,
from Newport February 5 for Bombay,
reports that he was stopped and ex
amined by Russian torpedo-boat' de
stroyers" a few miles south of Daedalus
Island,. in the Red Sea, who informed
him that three British steamships laden
with coal for Japan had- been captured
by them. • ;---• ' - "
Issue, License for. New Bank.
The Board of Bank "Commissioners
issued a license yesterday for the es
tablishment of the South Berkeley
Bank. The. institution is capitalized
at' $25,000, of which 40 "per cent is
paid up. >" The bank will do a commer
cial and a savings business. ■ Its doors
will, open for. the first time on March
1. J. R. Barker has been elected
president of the bank and E. K. Cole
cashier.
Lieutenant Carden to Speak.
.. Lieutenant Carden will deliver an
illustrated .lecture on "Industrial . Eu
rope" at the Young Men's Christian
"Association . auditorium to-morrow
night. ; He will deliver , to-night a lec- :
ture : on •-the coming exposition . at St.
Louis.' ' . /
"Hermit Kingdom" Doomed
if Russia Triumphs in
the Present War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— Korea arid
Japan, have entered into a surprising
alliance. Japan guarantees Korea's in
dependence and integrity.^ She receives
in return the right to operate her mill-*
tary forces at will within the Hermit
Kingdom. That Japan will get the con
sent of the Emperor to fortify Masam
pho. commanding the Straits of Korea,
is considered certain.
The State Department to-day re
ceived its first information of this alli
ance through United States Minister
Allen at Seoul. It came as a surprise
to nearly every one in Washington.
Further details are eagerly, awaited.
This consummation of an alliance Is
generally regarded as the death war
rant of Korean independence if Russia
is victorious in the present war. In
such event Russia doubtless will occupy
Korea and make it a Russian province.
The Emperor of Korea declared neu
trality several weeks ago. The alliance
with Japan nullifies that neutrality.
Russia has already protested to the
powers against the Japanese attack
on the Russian ships in Chemulpo, a
neutral harbor. Count Casslnl. the Rus
sian Embassador, conveyed this protest
to Secretary Hay. The alliance has
been in practical effect for at least a
fortnight. Pavlov,. the Russian Minis
ter at Seoul, was "invited" to leave by
the Japanese. He eventually learned
that Korea could not or would not pro-
TROUBLE BETWEEN GAS 3IEX
AND EMPLOYERS ADJUSTED
Many Unions Will Celebrate Their
Anniversaries With Socials,
Smokers and Dances.
The long -looked-for conference be
tween the employes of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric" Light Company
and President Bourne has at last been
held and matters adjusted satisfactor
ily to both sides.
The Local Lumber Clerks' Union will
celebrate its first anniversary > a
high Jinks and smoker on Marv J.
R. Montague. R. Calvin and Alexander
McCabe are on the arrangement com
mittee.
Retail Clerks' Union No. 648 meets
to-night in an endeavor to formulate
plans for gaining shorter working
hours. ■ „,
The Journeymen Tailors' Union will
give a dance; and social in the Alcazar
building hall next Tuesday night. "
The Elevator Operators' Union will
hold its second annual . entertainment
and ball at Golden Gate Hall on the
night of April 23. The following are on
the arrangement committee: A. E.
Field. J. D. Richardson. J. A. Fontanel,
E B. TUng and H. Dibbon.
Flour and Cereal Mill Employes'
Union No. 64 has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Presi
dent, C. Mitchell; vice president, A. F.
Kins: financial secretary. O. E. Brown;
recording secretary. C. P. Wilson;
treasurer, R. H. Wright. The local will
give its first entertainment and dance
Thursday, March 24, at Union Square
Hall. Following is the* committee of
arrangements: C. P. Wilson (chair
man), C. Mitchell. O. E. Brown, R. H.
Wright, A. E. Sollars and V. W. Kala
tof.
The Bookbinders' Beneficial Associa
tion has elected officers as follows:
President, Theodore Fluehr; vice presi
dent, Frederick Schaffner; secretary,
Joseph Heinze; treasurer, Thomas B.
Gould; sergeant at arms, George Pe
den; trustees— Henry Marsden, Joseph
Collins. Theodore Fluehr, George Pe
den, Frederick Schaffner, Thomas B.
Gould and Joseph Heinze.
Tries t6 End Her Life.
Edith Lindsley, a woman of the un
der world, made an attmept to end her
life last night in her room at 45 Stock
ton street. Miss Lindsley claims that
she had been giving all of the money
she made to a man named Chris Peter
son, an ex-soldier, with an unsavory
reputation. ' The woman was actually
in want of food and decided .to com
mit suicide. She took several tablets
of bichloride of mercury and when
found by Policeman Reihl was in an
unconscious condition. At the Emer
gency Hospital Dr. Stevens pumped
her stomach out and she will recover.
Peterson was arrested for vagrancy.
Chief Wittman a Forester.
George W. Wittman, Chief of Police,
was admitted into the order of For
esters of America last night by ini
tiation in Court El Dorado No. 31, in
the presence pf Supreme Chief Rang
er Kelly, Grand Chief Ranger Gabriel
and nearly, all the members of the ex
ecutive council of the order and sev
eral hundred • members. * The work
was done by the team of Court Jus
tice. . After the initiation of the Chief
and three others the members of El
Dorado "presented to the supreme
chief a • dqzen ice cream spoons and
a magnificent ring.
An Oriental Dream.
Stanford Pdrlor, Native Sons of the
Golden "West, will give Its eighteenth
anniversary ball this evening in Na
tive Sons' HalL ! The decorations this
year will excel y any effort previously
made by this^parlor. They will rep
resent an Oriental dream. There will
also be a novelty in the matter of
badges .for 'the several committees.
The function will be strictly invita
tional. -— -
Bohemian Club Site.
The directors of the Bohemian Club
were authorized by a special meeting
of members -yesterday to effect the
purchase of property. at the northeast
corner of } Taylor. and Post streets. The
price agreed -upon is $125,000. It is
understood that the, club's note, bear
ing interest; at 5 per cent and secured
by mortgage . of the land, has been
negotiated.
tect him, so he proceeded with the lega
tion staff to Shanghai.- Apparently the
Influence of Tl Yong Dt. the famous
Russian protege, over the Emperor of
Korea, has been weakened.
All of the powers-have tacitly recog
nized that Korea would be a part of
the battleground of this war. A deter
mined effort by Korea to maintain her
own neutrality would, howeVer, possi
bly have occasioned a tendency by th«
powers to prolong her independence
after the war. There is much anxiety
to see how Russia's ally. France., will
accept this Oriental alliance against
Russia. Korea is not a strong power,
but it is pointed out that her assist
ance to Japan may^ easily assume sub
stantial proportions. The Japanese are
expected to undertake the control of
the Korean army, which can easily be
recruited up to a strength of 30.000 men.
Officered by Japanese, this force might
be a sufficient menace to Russia to
cause France to protest that the prin
ciple of confining the struggle to the
two- powers, Russia and Japan, was be
ing violated. The note which Hay sent
to the powers indicated that the pur
pose of uniting for the preservation of
China's neutrality was to prevent that
power being involved.
In past times of turmoil at Seoul the
ruler or the power behind the throno
has often been assassinated. Some dip
lomats here cheerfully discuss the pos
sibility of such a fate for the present
Emperor.
FIRE BREAKS OUT IN
FRONT-STREET BUILDING
Three Finns Suffer Loss From Blazo
and Water to the Extent
of $3000.
Fire started last night about 11:40
in a building at the southeast corner
of Clark and Front streets. The
blaze had its origin in the elevator
shaft and was discovered by Officer
McPartland. It was quickly extin
guished by the Fire Department.
The building is a three-story struc
ture, the two upper floors being occu
pied by the firm of Lange. Schooley &
Co., photographic printers, and the
low- floor by G. Pieretti & Co.. com
mission merchants, and A. Guiriani, a
wine dealer. The fire is supposed to
have started from spontaneous com
bustion, induced by some of the chem
icals kept by the photographic firm.
The damage to the building was $500.
Lange, Schooley & Co.'s loss will be in
the neighborhood of $1500, and Pier
etti and Guiriani will each lose $300.
PERSONAL.
Captain John Cross, the railroad
promoter of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
B. Frank Steele, a prominent gro
cer and packer of Springfield. 111., and
wife are at the Occidental on their
way to Honolulu.
Dr. N. D. Richardson of the quar
antine station on Mare, Island has
gone to Santa Barbara for a rest.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific* Coast agent
of the Nickel Plate line, is at the Oc
cidental.
H. C. Bruner, a^ manufacturer of
Kokomo. Ind.. and* wife are staying
at the Occidental.
Thomas Derby of the New Alma
den quicksilver mines is at the Pal
ace.
Meet to Discuss Gas and Water.
A federation of Mission Improve
ment clubs met last night at Mission
Turn 'Verein Hall. Eighteenth street,
near Valencia, to discuss the water
and gas rates. The hall was crowded
and many prominent business men ad
dressed the meeting.,
Will Give Masked Ball.
The San Francisco Hebrew Club will
give a masked ball at Turn Verein Hall
on Sunday evening, March 6. The en
tertainment is in celebration of the
Jewish festival Purim.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Growing Old
Ought not to mean growing weak and
feeble. It does not mean weakness or
feebleness for those who eat with good
appetite and sound digestion. It is of
the utmost importance that old people
should retain the power to digest and
assimilate food which is the sole source
of physical strength. When age briags
feebleness it is generally because of the
failure to assimilate the nutrition con*
tained in food.
Dr. Pierce'a Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach aad other
organs of digestion and enables the per-
fect digestion and assimilation of food.
It invigorates the liver and promote*
general physical well being.
"It is with gp-a tit trie we acknowledge what
Dr. Pierce'* mSdkiae has done for grandsioth-
cr's rood, in fact it has cared her." writes Miss
Came Banker, of Penyabmg. Ohio. "She had
doctored with several physicians bat found no
relief until Dr. Pierce advised her what to do.
She has taken only three bottles of ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery' and is entirely welL She sn£
fered with pain in kidneys, bladder and liver for
ten years, and her limbs were swelled with
dropsy so bad she could hardly walk. My grand-
mother's name Is Mrs. Caroline Hesaen, her ape
Is 71 years. X will gladly answer all letters ot
inquiry." . -
Sick people are invited to consult Dr.
R. V. Pierce by. letter, free. All cor-
respondence is held as strictly private
ana sacredly confidential. '
Dr. Pierce'* Pleasant Pellet! scculata
the bowel*, '
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FRANCE HONORS
A CALIFORNIAN
French Acideiny Awards La-
Jande Prize to Dr. Campbell,
Director of Lick Observatory
GIVES AMERICAN PRAISE
California Astronomer Wins
( ommendatjon Through JHs
Discoveries in the Skies
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
£148 Center Street, Feb. 24.
The Academie des Sciences of France
has conferred a signal honor upon Dr.
W. W. Campbell, director of the Lick
Observatory, by awarding him the La
lande prize for 1903. The Lalande prize
is conferred annually upon a single
astronomer who has distinguished him
self in some way in astronomical
science, either by making an interest
ing celestial discovery, or publishing a
memoir, or achieving something val
uable to astronomy through original
investigation. * In making this award
the committee of the French Academie
publishes the following explanation:
The eommlesion proposes unanimously to>
tward tbe Lalande prizf to Mr. Campb»ll of
the Lick Observatory. Mr. Campbtll, connect
ed lor fifteen years with this observatori'. nrst
sit Bffronom«r, then as dJmHor. has made the.
the favorable situation of the observatory,
th favorable tituation of the observatory.
Ptellur epwrtrrweopy and artro-phr»le« hav«
liarticularly attracted him and in this new
line of research he haa made Important discov
eries.
He ha* taken up and followed the two prin
cipal linet of duplication of spectrum analysis
of ftar«, namely, thr investigation of their
radial velocity. To him we owe the most
thorourh study of the numerous remarkable
temporary etars of late year.-; he haa been
• bl«- to lollow to the la*t stages of th^ir de
cline the meet difficult for observation and to
re^ognixe th*ir more or lew complete transfor
mation lato nebulae.
He has also l»-en largely occupied with the
spectra of variable stars and of numerous
etar» exhibiting Individual peculiarrtiee; he
has found a gr^at number of stars which con
tain in their Fpeetra both bripht and dark
lines from the tamt origin and which thus
form an entirely new type. In the investiga
tion cf radial velocities his work is important.
He has discovered about thirty spectroscopic
blnarif* — a larer number than discovered by
any other ob«erv*-r. One of these has such
variations of radial velocity as to indicate
two periods, and therefore a triple system.
Dr. Campbell's successful work as
director of the American expedition to
the Indies in 1S98 to observe the eclipse
is also reviewed by the commission
ers, the cnnclusWm being that he is
entitled to be called one of the leading
modern astronomers.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EERKELET. Feb. U.— Dr. W. W. Camp
bell, director of the Llrk Observatory, will de
liver his lecture on "The Motion of the Solar
Fyetrm Tbrrugti Ppace." to-morrow morning at
11 o'clock in the students' observatory. This
mill be the last of his unfinished lerturep on
th « subject, which was b«»irun on Tuesday.
He lectured this evening on "The Spectra of
the Orion Nebula and the Trape^lum }<tars."
The rtaff of the Daily Californian will ban
surt Uf frirndi; Friday evening in the Hot^l
B^rkfcJey. Befider the present members of the
»taff former e«lilor* and busincee managers and
faculty will to itut-FtF.
The members of the Mask and Dairirer Po
ei«ty. who are to appear as the cast in "The
Jealous Wtre" at the Macdonotifrh Theater
next Saturday evening, are practicing daily
f"r the presentation. The ca« of characters
includes Miss Eduarda Howard. Emil
Kru*<"Tike. Augustus <\ Keane. J. J O'Con
nell. Frank GilMen. Mit» Tallulah 1> Conte,
Howard Merrill. Mark Danlrls. Miss Ann
Thatcher. Waltfr de Leon, Edwin Rust and
K . A . Ix>we.
Professor g. B. Christy, apsiftf-d by the fitu
d'nts of his department, ha-s begun collecting;
photographs of th* activities of the mining: de
partment. These will show student* Jn their
summer field work, on geology trips, and tn
varied employments at the mining college.
The executive comtnltf-e of the AM«x-iated
Ptudrnti- ratified last niffht the Intercollegiate
igrwment with Stanford, which calls for a
fr»Fhman l>as«-bBll game every year, and flxed
the date for the first Kane for about this time
in li«J5. The committee refused, however, to
accede to Stanford's wishes to have the freeh
man football game played at Stanford, instead
at at Berkeley, according to agreement. The
ground for this refusal is that the receipts at
Stanford would be much less than th*y will
be here.
The .committee received challenges for foot
»>all game* from two other schools. The Eher
man Indiana want to play a game on next
Christmas day at Lo* Angeleg and the Agri
cultural College cf Lcpan, I'tah. asked for a
game at any time. As it is still a long way
to Christmas, the committee decided to defer
it? answer for a whllel
J. E. Roadhouee. '04. requested that the
i-ommittee give the men who row in the match
pgainst Washington Kniversity oa April 23 the
big "C," but the comrriittee refused, on the
tround that the Boating Association is not a
regular member of the university.
Suit Over Child's Mishap.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24. — Suit was be
gun against the Austin Freight and
Transportation Company to-day by. T.
J. Crosby, who alleges rhat his infant
son was invited to ride on one of their
trucks and through the company's
negligence fell o!T and was crushed.
The bills for treating the injuries
amount to $615 90, which Crosby asks
the company to pay.
CHICAGO SKYSCRAPER
IS DAMAGED Dl* FIRE
Department Has Difficulty in Quench
ing I ■'lames in Thirteenth Story
of Schiller Building.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— Another theater
building in Chicago has been attacked
by fire, this time the skycraper known
as the Schiller building:, sixteen stories
in height, and located half a square
west of the Iroquois Theater. The
Garrick Theater, recently reopened, is
situated in the Schiller building. Fire
started on the thirteenth floor before
daylight and for a time seemed likely
to get beyond contrel. owing to the
difficulty of effectually reaching the
flames at such a lofty height. Guests
of the Union Hotel, adjoining on the
west, were roused from sleep and some
of them were in a panic The flre
damage was pmall and was confined to
the four- upper stories of the Schiller
building.
QUAKES IN NEW MEXICO
CAUSE MUCH ALARM
.Many Disturbances Haic Occurred
in Bad Lands and
Are Exc-ited.
ALBUQUEHQUE, N. M., Feb. 24.—
The people living in the vicinity of
Socorro, south of here, are becoming
jilarmed at the frequent recurrence of
earthquake shocks there. Monday
morning the third severe shock in the
past two weeks was felt and belated
reports received here are to the effect
that the great lava beds east of San
Marcial, known as the Malpais or bad
lands, have been disturbed by the J
rhocks, great' waves appearing here
and there on the surface.
WATER COMPANY
CAINS DECISION
{Corporation Held Not Respon
sible for Fire City Hydrant
►Supply Would Not Put Out
JUDGEiSUSTAIXS.DEMLTRREK
[rBrans & Stranz of Alameda
Lose Case in Which They
Ask $25,000 Compensation
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 24.
Basingthis findings on a recent de
c!eion handed down by the Supreme
Court, Judge Hall decided to-day that
the Contra Costa Water Company was
not liable »o*or damages by fire through
alleged lack of water in the pipes or
failure of hydrants to properly per
form their functions. Upon these
grounds heasustained the demurrer of
the Contra , Costa Water Company to
an action bejgnn by the* firm of Bruns
& Strunz of Alameda to recover $25,000
damages from the water company.
The plaintiffs in the case carry on a
hay and grain business in Alameda. A
fire destroyed their -property, which
they allege was due to the fact that
there- was not a sixty-pound pressure
of water, as required, and that a
hydrant was not in good working order.
As taxpayers they claim they are an
integral part of the body politic with
whom the Contra Cbsta Water Com
pany has a contract^ to supply water,
the failure of which, in their case, they
deemed a breach of that contract, for
which they would 'hold the company
responsible.
A general and specific demurrer was
made to their which the
Judge sustained and at the same time
gave a Judgment for the water com
pany with costs. As precedent for this
he quoted a decision handed down in
the case of ITkiah City against the
UkJah Water Company in which the
Supreme Court holds that a water com
pany is not liable for damages in
curred either by the city or individuals
by fire through alleged lack of water.
SUPREMK COURT DECIDES
AGAIXST THE COLLECTOR
Holds That Interest on Deposits and
Dividends Is Not Part of a
Company's Income.
WASHINGTON, Fetf 24.— Justice
Harlan yesterday delivered the opinion
of the Suprerye Court in the case of the
Spreckels. • Sugar Refining Company
vs. Penrose A. McLain, Collector of
Internal Revenue for the First Dis
trict of Pennsylvania, reversing the
opinion of the United States Court of
Appeals for the Third District. The
action was brought by the. refining
company to recover moneys paid by
it under protest to Collector McLain,
which, it is alleged, had been unlaw
fully exacted under the provisions of
the war revenue act providing for a
tax of one-fourth of 1 per cent on the
gross annual receipts of corporations
whose receipts exceed $250,000 per
annum.
In deciding the case it is held that
this was not a direct but an excise tax
on the business done. The decision of
th^ court below was reversed on the
point as to whether the interest on de
posits and the dividends should be con
sidered as a part of the company's in-
Some. The lower courts held that re
ceipts from those sources should be so
considered, but the Suprem i Court of
the United States took the opposite
view.
WHITNEY'S CHILDREN
ARE THE BENEFICIARIES
The Will Just Filed for Probate
Leaves the Bulk of the Estate
in Trust.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— The will of
the late William C. Whitney was filed
for probate in Mineola, L. I., to-day.
Harry Payne Whitney, is - made . sole
executor apd trustee under the will.
After legacies of $250,000 each to Ade
laide and Bertie Randolph, stepchil
dren, have been deducted and provi
sions made for an income of $30,000
a year for his daughter Dorothy, the
bulk of the estate is left in trust, one
half of the income to go to Harry
Payne Whitney, the oldest son; one
tenth to his daughter Pauline, now
Mrs. AJmerJeh A. Page; one-tenth to
his son Payne, and three-tenths to his
daughter Dorothy. >^K£:>i^
The trusteeship is to last six, years,
the estate then, io be divided*' in the
same, proportions among the children.
The special Income of $50,000 for Miss
Dorothy! is to terminate upon her be
coming of age. There are no bequests
to charity. The will is dated Novem
ber 14. 1902.
SIX COMPANIES START
FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Soldiers of the Twelf th Infantry on
the Way to Manila to Relieve
the Twenty-Ninth.
SALT LAKE CITY. Utah, Feb. 24. —
The headquarters, band and staff and
companies A. B. C and D, composing
the First Battalion of the Twelfth In
fantry, located at Fore Douglas, and
Companies G and H, from Fort
Duchesne, Utah, left to-day for
San Francisco, en route to the Philip
pines, where they -will relieve the
Twenty-ninth Infantry, i The re
mainder of the regiment, located at
Arizona and Texas posts, will join the
Utah companies at San Francisco.
Colonel J. W. Bubb is in command.
Upholds Chinese Exclusion Laws.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24. — In an
opinion by Justice Holmes the Su
preme Court of the United States dis
missed the appeal of a number of Chi
nese laborers whose deportation had
been ordered under the Chinese exclu
sion laws. The contention was made
that recent legislation had had the ef
fect of repealing the law under which
deportation was ordered. There 'were
seven cases before the court," but the
decision covered only four of them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 'FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
VIANDS FROM FAIR HANDS OF CO-EDS
TO ENCOURAGE STUDENTS WHO LABOR
Deviled Ham Sandwiches and Angel Cake Will Strenghten Young
Men of Sfate University. While They Ply Shovel and Hoe on
Grounds— Liveiy Celebration at Greek, Theater in the Evening
EIHIBIT READY
FOR SHIPMENT
Commissioners to St. Louis Ex
position Will Have Every
thing Prepared by March 5
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'1118 Broadway, Feb. 24.
More than half the exhibits secured
by the Alameda County Louisiana Pur
chase Committee for the exposition at
St. Louis have already been packed
and will be shipped to St. Louis some
time next week. The remaining ex
hibits will be in readiness for shipment
within a short time. The members of
the local commission are now engaged
in getting out literature" descriptive of
the climate and resources of Alameda
County, which will be distributed at St.
Louis during the fair. /
Commissioner W. H. Weilbye will
accompany the first shipment of ex
hibits in order to supervise the con
struction of the building in which the
Alameda County exhibit will be dis
played, of which he is the designer and
architect. Commissioner Weilbye will
be followed later by Commissioner
Theodore Gier and when Mr.' Weilbye
returns Commissioner Wilbur Walker
will join Gier, so that after the various
exhibits are set in place there will al-'
ways be two members of the commis
sion on the ground to look out for the
interests of Alameda County. The de
sign for the building in which the ex
hibit will be housed will be submitted
to the Board of Supervisors by Mr.
Weilbye next Monday morning, and if
the plans are approved by the board
the specifications will be made public.
BURGLARS INCREASE
THEIR OAKLAND RECORD
Porch Climbers Operate on Telegraph
Avenue and Golden Gate Receives
Another Unwelcome Visitor.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24. — Porch climb
ers last night entered Mrs. K. Thomp
son's residence, 2126 Telegraph ave
nue, and ransacked the place, steal
ing a quantity of jewelry.' The police
said the stolen valuables are worth
$100. At the Thompson residence the
value of the missing articles was
placed at $700. .
Mrs. L. F. Laythan says a gold ring
was stolen last nigfct from her resi
dence, 3818 Telegraph avenue.
Burglars returned last night to
Golden. Gate' and added five more to
the growing list • of 'crimes ... that have
.been' reported during the last two
weeks from that section of the city.
Mrs. Mamie Christenson." 1118 Santa
Fe avenue,- lost jewelry and Mrs. J.
M. Walsh, .1112 Santa Fe avenue, re
ports the disappearance of a watch.
ENDEAVORERS WILL MEET ' .
IX ANXUA7, CONVENTION
Members of Bay District Union 2 Will
Hear Address by the Rev. -
/ W. F. Staff oruY V ;
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Rev. W.T F.
Stafford of Lodi, one of the younger
clergymen of California, will address
the members of the Christian En*
deavor Society at the second annual
convention of the Bay District Chris
tian. Endeavor Union, which will be'
held to-morrow evening at the First
Christian Church. The business ses
sion, which opens at 7:30 p. m., will
be taken up with the reports .of offi
cers and committees, election of of
ficers and an address by James B.
Sayers, the retiring president. Spe
cial music has been arranged for the
convention. ... &; v^
Will Oppose Garbage Crematory.
OAKLAND. Feb. 24. — The North
west Oakland Club last night subscrib
ed $600 toward a fund to make a
fight in the courts against the legality
of the recently enacted garbage cre
matory ordinance. | Among the sub
scribers are J. C. Bullock, the Rev. J.
B. McNally, Messrs. Wilkins, McAvin,
Newell, William Walsh, and N. V.
Herby. :
Improvement Club Organized.
OAKLAND, "Feb. 24. — Temporary
organization was effected last night.by
the '• Piedmont Improvement Club.
Rev. Miles B. Fisher was elected tem
porary president and M. M. Barnet
temporary secretary.' A committee of
thfee was appointed to urge the City
Council to improve Piedmont, avenue
and to build sewers down Cemetery
Creelu-J9|3$f
CO-EDS WHO WILL ASSIST
IN EXERCISES ON STU
DENT LABOR DAY.
BERKELEY, Feb. 24.— The women
students of the University of Califor
nia are going to make it worth any
man's while to wield the pick and
shovel on student labor day by prom
ising them the very best kind of a
luncheon. The menu, even at this early
stage of the came, is full to the brim
with all the goodies of life, from devil
ed ham sandwiches to angel cake. Add
to these edibles the refreshing experi
ence of being served by the hands of
pretty co-eds, and what wouldn't any
student do? It is calculated to en
courage any man to take the hoe and
help to do in one day what at other
times takes three.
It is only by thorough organization
and frequent consultation that the
women students have been able to in
sure a good luncheon. The women's
committee, under the leadership of
Miss Margaret Henderson, has done
wonders these last few days. The com
mittee has been split up into two sub
committee fragments, each with a duty
to perform.
One of these sub-committees is a
finance committee, obligated to collect
15 cents per capita to' defray the-.ex
pense; another's, office is to furnish
the bread, another ,,the deviled ham,
another the cake, and so .on. As con
stituted, the finance committee con
sists of Miss Marietta* Edwards, Miss
L. L." Dozier, Miss Foster, "Miss Freid
rich, Miss Jarvis, Miss Little. Miss
Lathrop, Miss Lovejoy, Miss Parker
and Miss .Stone. . The menu committee
is composed of Miss Sarah McLean,
Miss Bolle Coolidge, Miss Edith • Hat
field, Miss Eva Gray, Miss Nettie
Hawkins, Miss Maude Cope, Miss Bes
sie Force, Miss I.Natalie \fo>llenberg,
Miss Bessie . Trowbridge, Mias Alice
Philipps, Miss Marion Craig, Misn
Martha- Rice, Miss May Kerwin, (Miss
Edith! Nicols and Miss Marine "Water
house. .^:'}:-", 'r~ \'S*-
The plans for the work and pro
gramme for next Monday have been
practically completed by the men stu
dents' committee under Max Thelen.
The work on the paths will be direct
ed by foremen who have been ap
pointed by the chairman, being the fol
lowing named: —•S. I. Beaser, J. W.
Geary, H. S. Payson, L. W. Rohrer,
L. p. Smith, Rolf Thelen, Philip M.
Carey,. R.A. Henderson, O. &. Sned
igar,. A. H. Mowbray, S. M. Stow, C.
H. . Parker, B. B. Boyd, E. L. Soule,
Wi W. Mott and J. L. Neighbor.
The programme tp^ be given in the
Greek Theater in thV evening will be
something of a surprise, as the man
agers do not intend co divulge it un
til the exercises begin. At any rate
there will be a big bonfire and speeches
and singing by various members of
the talented.
The srraduate students are going to
lend their aid. to the affair, and , have
appointed atcommittee to^ arrange for
recruits for the. regular student army,
the committee consisting of E. Mini, L.
J. Bevan, H. J. A. Hus.D. ,L. Jungck,
J. .S. Lamson, S. A. Solomon, J. A.
Wilson and'A. J. Woolsey. . > ,
Charges Butcher With Theft.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Hugh Kelley,
19 years of age, ; a" butcher,.: was ar
rested to-night on complaint of :G. A.
Rothamel, 365 Telegraph avenue, who
charges Kelley with embezzling $60
while in his emoloy.
BOY BURGLARS
MUST ANSWER
Young 'Porch. Climbers Appear
in Court, but Kef use to Make
Explanations to 3Iagistrate
ALAMEDA, ' Feb. 24.— Harry Knox
and Ernest Schultz, boy porch climbers
and burglars, were given their prelim
inary hearing this afternoon and were
held to answer to the Juvenile Court by
Justice of the Peace F. S. Cone. Neither
of .the lads was represented by an at
torney and there were none of their
parents or relatives present in court
during the investigation. Deputy Dis
trict Attorney W. H. L. Hynes com
mented on this fact and asserted that
it was his belief that the fathers and
mothers of the youthful criminals were
grossly negligent. in their parental du
ties and were mainly responsible for
the careers the boys were pursuing.
Rev. Oilman Parker, Miss Gazella
Kower, Harry V. Parratt and Detective
George H. Brown, all of whom assisted
in the capture of the pair of juvenile
burglars after }hey had entered the
residence of M. N. Sheldon last Satur
day, testified. When Schultz was asked
if he desired to say anything in his own
defense he answered: "No; nothing 1
could say would do me any good."
Knox would not put in any defense
and appeared to be well satisfied when
Justice Cone announced that he w«tulil
turn him and his partner in crime over
to the Juvenile Court. Knox is but
13 years of age and has been arrested
numerous times for petty thefts.
Schultz is 14 years of age and since
his arrest has been sulky and reticent.
Both of the young burglars are from
San Francisco, where their parents
reside.
WIFE GETS A DIVORCE
FROM CRUEL HUSBAND
Susie A. Fost Is Given Decree by
Judge Ogden, Who Suys Spouse '
Is a Fiend.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Married life
with Manuel Fost, a dairyman, was
too strenuous for Susie A. Fost, who
was granted a divorce by Judge Og
den to-day oh the ground of cruelty.
The testimony went to show that
Fost was in the habit of kicking her
out of bed and cursing her daily. Ths
Judge expressed the belief that the
man was a fiend and gave the wife
her decree. She was allowed to re
sume her former name of Martin, her
first husband's name. The property
interests of the pair were settled out
of court. /
'. 'Action- for divorce was begun to-day
by John O. Neidt against Emma P.
Neidt on the ground of desertion.
They were married in 1900, but he
alleges that two years later she left
him.
Accepts Committee's Report.
BERKELEY, Feb. 24.— Chairman
J. W. Richards submitted to the Board
of Trustees last night the report of
the citizens' bond committee upon the
proposed bonding issue. It was ac
cepted with thanks and a committee
of three, consisting of Trustees Staats
and Connor and Town Attorney
Hayne, appointed to consider the
items and prepare an ordinance incor
porating them and calling for a bond
election. This committee will begin
work at once and renort in a- month.
Will Give Organ Recital.
OAKLAND, Feb. *24.— The final re
cital to be given in this city by Wal
ter Handel Phorley will take place at
the -First Methodist Church Thursday
evening. Mr. Phorley is a celebrated
organist and represented Great Bri
tain at the Paris exposition. He has
given two recitals this will be his
last. .Admission is free. The pro
gramme lias been specially arranged
and the organ is a new one.
Jackson's Case Set.
OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— The prelimin
ary examination of R. F. Jackson, for
merly secretary, of the Board of Pub
lic Works, who is charged With' il
legally selling a half interest in a Tel
egraph-avenue stable* to James
Schaack, has been set for March 9
in" the ' Police Court.
Found Dead : in Bed.
- OAKLAND,. Feb. 24.— Henry Peter
son, 5 6 years of age, was found dead
in bed at Hay wards to-day..
LEAVES WEALTH
TO HIS FAMILY
Will of Captain William H.
Wood Disposes of Property
Valued at About $150,000
MOTHER GIVEN AN ANNUITY
Widow and Two Minor Children
Get Bulk of the Estate, While
Eldest Son deceives $17,500
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 24.
The will of the late Captain William |
H. W r ood was filed for probate to-day j
and disposes of property valued at ;
about $150,000. His widow, Laura E. i
Wood, is named as executrix without
bonds, and with the exception of an
annuity of $50 a month to be paid to j
his mother, Rebecca Wood, as Inns as
she lives, and a bequest of $17,500 to
his son,* Ralph H. W r ood, by his first
wife, living at 2354 Pine street, in San
Francisco, he leaves the residue of his
estate to his widow and two minor
children.
For many years Captain Wood pilot
ed boats up the rivers emptying into
San Francisco Bay, but of late years
has devoted his attention to the re
clamation of lands along the Sacra
mento River. His money is invested
in stocks and bonds of various com
panies and he owns his home at 210
Perry street, in this city. While a
resident of Alameda County he died
recently at 1098 Post street, San Fran
cisco, where his family v.-as staying
temporarily.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— In spite of the in
clement weather, the song and organ recital by-
Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter and Miss Virsinia
de Kremery last evening was well attended, the
large auditorium of the First l'resbyt£rian
Church being almost filled with the admirers
of these two well known musicians. Mrs. Dex
ter looked unusually well In a very becoming
pink gown of crepe and lace, and her clear,
delicate soprano voice was never heard to bet
ter advantage. In the brilliant aria from '■Ri
goletto," "Caro Nome," she was especially
good. "The "Monotone," by Cornelius, was
also artistically done. .Will King, as Mrs.
Dexter's accompanist, did some excellent work.
Miss de Fromery's friends were largely in
evidence last night, and seemed to appreciate
fully her selections on the organ. She was at
great disadvantage in b?ing obliged to play
on a poor instrument, which called for a power
in manipulating that AIlss de Fremery was
equal to only occasionally. Her rendition of
Lemare"s ■Barcarolle" and the "Contes d'Av
ril," by Wider, was excellent, and they wery
the most pleasing numbers of a very diflcult
programme. i
Both ladies were the recipients . of many
beautiful flowers. . .
The Starr King art exhibit continues to at
tract a goodly number of visitors every after
noon and evening, although the steady down
pour of rain has kept many at home that would
otherwise, iiave helped to swell the attendance.
Cafienasao ami riazzoni are the largest ex
hibitors. The two large canvases by Ca<>
naseo, "Summer" and "A Gray Day," are
splendid examples of the versatility of that
well known artist, the warmth and brightness
cf the one contrasting vividly with the dripping
trees and gray sky of the other.
Xavler Martinez has four weird pictures,
breathing loneliness and desolation, that have
attracted much attention, and, as usual wher
ever Sidney Yards has a landscape hung, an
admiring group is always to b»" seen.
Chapel Judson's Monterey Cliffs are good.
• • •
The ladies of the AVest Oakland Home Asso
ciation will give a house vafmlng at the home
next Saturday to celebrate the completion of
an addition to the main building. The Infants
now being cared for by the institution will be
installed Jn the comfortable new quarters,
which the crowded condition of ths home haa
made necessary, for some time.
Many prominent society women of Oakland
ore members of the association and intensely
interested In the work done there. A few of
these zealous workers are Miss Travers, Mrs.
Backus, Mrs. Mehrmann, Miss Curdts. Mrs.
Kwing, Mrs. Pratt, Mrs. Schrock, Mrs. Beret
ta, Mrs. Van Court and scores of others.
The reception will be from 1:30 to 5 In the
afternoon and from 7:3O to 1O:3O in the even-'
inr at the home, corner Ninth and Campbell
streets. The public generally is Invited and
the home will be open for inspection. Visitors
coming from San Francisco by way of the
bread gauge local will leave -he trains at
West Oakland, the first station.*
Miss Ida May Bradley ia planning a visit
to Newman, Merced County, where she will
be the guest of relatives. She has been re
quested to give a recital during her stay there
and has prevailed upon Lowell Redfleld, the
barytone, to assist her.
Miss Bradley Is one of the cleverest readers
and dialect monologlsts in Oakland. Her im
personations are inimitable, which, added to
an attractive appearance and charming man
ner, make her a social favorite and. she is in
much demand at club and private entertain
ments. On her return from Newman she will
appear before the Adelphian Club in Alameda.
Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts entertained the
Monday Club yesterday, her guests being Mrs.
Charles Houghton. Mrs. Frank Brigham, Mrs.
Haywnrd G. Thomas. Mrs. Horr - Meek. Mrs
Robert T. Knight, Mrs. M. W. Kales. Sim.
Aurthur Crellin. Mrs. Charles Bliss. Mrs. An
drew Mosely, Mrs. Egbert Stone. Mrs. Minor
Gocdall, Mrs. Henry Adams. Mrs. Albert M.
button. Mrs. Frederick Hathaway. Mrs. J. R
Burnham. Mrs. F. T. Kendall. Miss Dyer". Miss
Wllcox, Miss/ G. Breck, Mrs. Francis Allen
and M/s. Harry Gordan.
Mrs. E. A: Kleunel is entertaining Mrn
Hobart ot Chicago, the wife of a prominent
newspaper man there.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 24. — A very novel affair
was slven at the home of Mr. and Mm. "Wil
liam ' Hammond Jr. in honor of Washington's
birthday. The house wa^ artistically deco
rated in the naflonal colors, the reception hall
and dinine-room being In cherry red. in one
corner was a large tree representing the
cherry tree and the hatchet that George wield
ed. One parlor was in white and the adjoining
parlor in blue, thereby discarding the ordinary
red, white and blue combination together
Many small tables were around^over which
cards, the feature of the evening, were dis
cussed. The first prize was gained by Judge
Tappan. The second was gained by Misa
Julia Hammond, third Miss Edith Garcelon.
The guests then withdrew.- to the dining-room
and enjoyed a repast under the cherry red glow
of the candelabra. Story telling, toasts and
witticisms were in order. Nearlng midnleht
the party came to a fitting close, each gu-st
taking a souvenir in harmony with the even
ing—a miniature hatchet. Among those pres
ent were Judore R. B. Tappan. Judre and Mrs
F. S. Cone. Mr. and Mrs. It. B. Mott J b'
Lanktree, Dr. K. R. Schroeder. E Beaudry
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Rogers. Miss Ella Guy
MlP5es Teresa and Amelia Lagoria Mix* V
Smith, Miss Carrie Miller. Mi*s Julia Ham
mond, MIsr Gertrude Lvons. Miss Edith Gar
celnn. Miss Janett* f»»iy. Mr*. G. Putzk-r
and Mr. and Mrs. W. Hammond Jr.
3Iarriage Licenses.
.OAKLAND. Feb. 24.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Alfred
Peterson, 46, and Mrs. Emma J. Con
ley, 47, both of Oakland; Richard
,Harms, '35, Oakland, and Helen L. E.
Arents, 25, Alameda; Hubert L. Dun
gan, over 21. and Edda W. A. Ryder,
over 18. both of Berkeley; Harry W.
Miller, 24, and Lucy "M. Tollmon. 24,
both of Berkeley: Walter M. Wood
ward, 25, Alameda, and Emily B.
Neiman, 23. Berkeley; Alexander
Massey, 38. Elmhurst, and Columbia
Gano, 35. San- Francisco.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 24.— Hajlm Ota, acting
commissioner general of the Imperial Japanese
Commission to the World's, Fair, la III, threat
ened with. typhoid fever.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTI
tI18 K roadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Ea^le 503.
ItEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alnmrda County.
, WEDNESDAY, FEBKl'ART 24.
G. L,. Schmidt (wiflower) to J. G*org<» Smith,
let ltt. m«r> ol M^KIrath Tract. Oakland; $'".
William M. or Wlllian <;eor«e Smith to John
Uocdacnv lot 2, block J. ipap of Golii^n »Jat»
Tract.»Oaklanf1: ?!'>.
Ednrunii t\ I.yon tn Fl«>renc*> K. Lyon. lot on
S line of Ald»-n or Twrnty-ninth street. 215 W
of Grove, \V I'.' by i< 1!'), lot 13. blooti V. map
of Henry fnMivwinn of Witrhpr and Brook
hur.-t ami Kolan.i Trai-ts. subject to l^asf 10
Lyon-Dlmock StorasP am! Moving Company
for five years frr>m Fetiruary 1, 1904, Oakland;
gift.
John and Cathrin P. Tied (wife) to Knud
NlelM-n, lut on S lin*> of Sherman avenue, »l<»
E of Teleeraph avenue. E 100 by S 122.81. W
100. N llM.iS, lots 12. 12' 3 , IS and 13',.
amended map of subdivisions of Mosswood
Tract, Onk'unrt; $I»>.
ilebecra end M. L. Wurts to Susan Lank
tr»»f> (widow), lot on line of Thirtieth »treet.
:M2.fil W of Tflr-nraph avenue. \V S7:«. S» 41. K
K7:B. N 12. nortlcn of block 2tJ-t). Rowland
Tract Oakland: *li>.
Manuel ani Maria Jonian Guido to Antonio
Fcnte. lot on E corner si Kar=t Fifteenth »tre*t
and Seventfenth avenue. SH 75 by NK IV>,
Iota I to i». block 2H, San Antonio. Kaot Oak
land; $1<>.
Antonio Konte txipgle) to Manuel and Mari*
J. Guldo. lot en E corner of Lla*t Fourteenth
street and Sixteenth avenue. HK jr» by N\K I*",
lets 1 to -1. block IS, fame, Ka.*t Oakland: $U>.
Hujch and Anna S. Mi.gan u> Iknjamin Cour
at>t. lot en N\V ennm of ToltT-T IN Sa» *2H?
avenue*, \V 133:1, N i>2:«, E iri- - J:2"». *i h2:*>.
lot f_"-e. VtUVMlt of Villa Homestead Associa
tion, Berkeley: $10. . „.
E S. ant! Margaret Anerel to Otta W. En«9
(single), ini on W line of f*an Patio avenue,
l.'.t> 9 of Thirty-second strt-et. 8 2T>, \V S»rt : 1 1 Va.
NE 2T.:10%. «B <B:10% a E $"■-• U* ". bloc*
«71, Gla.-HV.ck Tract, Oakland; $10.
Henry lleyer to Antonia A. I- Heyer. l"t
on NW corner of B»ntnn and Aii^line .«trepts,
thence X li;s to intersect ir.n with \V line of
Paradise ftr/^l. thence NW 117 t» Irifrsretion
with S line of Stanford avenue IJtH to intfr
pptticn with E 1'no of let 13, S 1SS E CV77.
lct.» 14 and 13, block O. Paratii.-<e Park, quit
claim deed. Oakland: SI.
Anthony ?l:nrns (Mingle) to Beryhart Ejten
berijer, tot on K line of Orove str-.-ft. 1W:C 3
of Elm (or Tv.enty-fourta>. S .%<> by E T* .".
lot '£* and :>ortir<n of lota 2H anil "•>. block P.
map blnrfcs O, P. and L. Kcl.vy Tra-t. Oak
land: ?H>.
If. M. nnd Sitrah E. Kpjtk (wife) to Louis
Mattioli. lot on HW corner of fcixth and Castr >
stn et.«. Vf 75 ty S 2.*. lot t.%. block 4t>, Kel
lersberRcr's mav>, Oakland; $10.
KM and Laura A. Rcnoencn to C. !L
SlawsoB, lot on NW corner of Thirty-seiond
and Chrstnut :;treefs. N HK> by W 4'». blovle
f.7«. i:can!man'i> map. f>ak!and: SH>.
If. V. rjar.cruft to Thomas <*. <Vnnel!. lots
7 and g, block K. m.ip Sir.fc Fe Tract No. 2.
d^ed anil acrcfUMnt Oakluml: ?li).
Sena L,arl<in (wldovr> to (^ara K. Muller. l<it
on X corner of East Sixteenth- utre^t *n<\ Eler
rnth avenue. N\v .™::4 by NK 0<>. block S7,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Rrsa M. Shni»i;rk ar.i John '.V. Ilarena to
Ma-.-rice A. Whtte i.-lnsle>. lot oh W line of
Shatturk avenue. 1'xi S nt niake str«""t." S JW>.
"\V l(!O.73. N KtOTi, W SV.IS. N 2t> !V'.. E 13*.
I porti- n of lota 12 and !:t. Morfc 1" man Nfet ».
Phattuck Tract, portlrn Plat 6», Berkeley;
.?100.
Jr^eph HeClstn to Lavinia J. McClain, lot
on W line of "Walnut strict. 2.'.'!.1 S of Cdar.
S 4O by \V 125. p»rti-n of lots i:» and 2l>. block
f. Percy Trac*. Ferkeley; $li>.
Anita L. JTurray (stmtle) to /.: B. Hlnck
lejr, lot on N l!n» of Keat street Wl -vV" of
Shattuck avonu-, W P7 by N lw. lotn 11 an<1
12. block II. map of portion «»f Newbury
Tract, Berkeley: «10.
Catherlm* and Mary A. 5Ic«e» to O«ortt&
Sterlin-. bUvks 7 tn lo and 1H to 22. lota t
to 24. block 15, l"t 4. block 2. lot" 12. 13 1«.
13 to 21. blork 3. lots 1::. 17 and 1*. bl.vk 4.
Iota 12 tr>. 15. b'ock .".. lots 12 to 14. block fl,
lets 1 and "J. Mock 11. lots • to 21. hl'^-k 13.
lots 1 to » nrxi 14 t" 'SI. Hook St. »ind lots 13
and 25. b!ook 23. mar> M«*«"5p<» Tract, portion
of P!at «7. etc.. Berk"|ey. ?10.
ARRKSTKD FOR OPEXIXG
ilXth AT WORLD'S FAIR
Frank C. Ilostcttcr Confesses to Hav
ing Rifletl Letters nnd Regis
tered Packages.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 24.— Frank C. Hns
tetter, superintendent of the World's
Fair postofnee station, was arrested to
day, charged with opening, detaining
and embezzling mail matter, letters
and packages. Before United States
Commissioner Babbitt he made a full
confession. His purpose, according to
his confession, v/as merely to secure
inside information as to concessions,
exhibits, etc., designed for the World's
Fair and to either use such informa
tion himself or give it as tips to cer
tain friends who were interested.
Denies Petition of the Creditors.
CHICAGO, FeI024.— In a decision an
nounced yesterday Judge Kohlsaat de
nied the petition of p. creditor of the
Porter Bros. Company, bankrupt, to re
quire the trustees of the defunct insti
tution to file objections to the discbarge
from the bankruptcy court of James 3.
Watson, president. The request that a
claim be filed against Watson for th«
benefit of all creditors of the large fruit
house also was denied.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— The Senate ha*
confirmed the nomination of Fred D. Fisher,
Oreson, as Consul at Tamsui. Formosa.
/ NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS FOB I.ADIE3. TOO.
They Can Stop Their Hair Tallin? Oat
Witt Herpicide.
"Ladies who have thin hair and whose
hair is falling out can prevent the hair
falling: out. and thicken the growth, with
Newbro's "Herpicide." Besides. Herpicide
is one of the most agreeable hair dress-
ings there is. Herpicide kills the dan-
druff germ that eats the hair off at the
root. Afteg: the germ is destroyed the
root will shoot up and the hair grow
long as ever. Even a sample will con-
vince any lady that Newbro's Herpicide
is ?n indispensable toilet requisite. It
contains no oil or grease, it will not stain
or dye. Sold by leading' druggists. Send
10c in stamps for sample to The Herpi-
cide Co., Detroit. Mich. . -V.^;
Gold Crowns at Cosl
22 K. crowns; serviceable and artis-
tic; guaranteed not to tarnish or come
off. Pivot- teeth which carmot be de-
tecteil from- the natural.:- Crowded
and twisted teeth regulated free. Ex-
traction free. Cleaninc free. Pain-
less methods. Graduates onlv. Twenty
years' Rtiarantee.
Week Days, y to 9; Sundays. 0 to 1.
Post-Grfduate Dental Gollaga
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 373 Waxninsrton Street.
San Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 J Stxsct. .BEST PATRONS
ARE CHILDREN
Youngsters Are Welcomed at
All of the T'p-to-Date Li
braries Throughout Country
THEIR WANTS CONSIDERED
Notes From the Public Book
Shelves of Alamedat Peta
luma, Spokane and Ventura
This is the children's age in the
library. Prior to ten or twelve years
ago chi!dr*?o were not welcomed in pub
lic libraries, but now every library
blessed with progressive spirit makes
provision for their presence. The
smaller libraries set apart a portion
of the library room for the "children's
corner"; the larger libraries establish
separate rooms J"or their u*e awd pro
vide special attendants who give their
whole time to this department. In the
best equipped libraries there are little
low chairs, tables and bookcases; at
some of the tables checkers, backgam
mon and puzzles are found; pictures
hang upon the walls and statuary adds
grace to the rewms. It is exceedingly
interesting: to watch the little people
who come trooping Sn after school
hours to cet a coveted book or with
Mhers to listen to that unfailing won
der to a child — a story. Many of these
children come from homes where books
ar<> never owned.
On ih«» tables the children find their
old favorites, the Youth's Companion,
St. Nicholas and other Interesting mag
azines. The very little ft/Iks are not
forgotten, for en the shelves may be
seen volumes of fairy talcs, fables, leg
ends, nature stories, simple poetry, sto
ries of travel, history ar.d life. Then
for the older boys and j?irls there is a
wealth of stimulating elementary books
upon electricity, mechanics, forestry,
insect, bird and fish life, with choice
little works of history, poetry, travel,
fiction, art and literature, not overlook
ing that class which appeals to every
resolute boy — the books of adventure,
a::d daring. Reference works of easy
understanding are made accessible to
thp student children.
At the present time nearly 40 per
rent of the book borrowers of the pub
iivj libraries throughout the country are
children, the proportion of boys and
pirls being nearly equal. It is almost
needless to say that the selecting- of
children'* books for such wide and con
stant use calls for the finest and most
Thoughtful care.
LJBRABITS HIGHEST SERVICE.
The supreme object of this work for
i hildren is to encourage a* taste for
the b^st reading and through the ideals
thus created to help the boy to become
a manly man, to help the girl to be
'•ome a womanly woman. No other
part of library development in its early
conditions has proved more responsive;
no other reveals a future of brighter
promise. A distinguished educator
v.«ic** his estimate of this labor, say
ing: "The best, the highest service
that can possibly be rendered is the
Eerrfce and the ministry to childhood."
From the Oakland public library
< ->mes word that Mrs. Edward Booth
has given the library $25 to be ex
panded for children's books. This gift
is hailed as the first one of a long line
of donations that are hoped for.
Brilliant prospects attend the plans
for the children's room in the library
building to be built in Berkeley. Be
sides the great concert of 3000 children'^
\ oices to be held in the Greek Amphi
theater in the university grounds to
i-iipe funds for the purchase of chil
dren's books, the Town and Gown Club
has agreed to finish and furnish thy
children's room in oak at an expense
- l $350. The high school and grammar
school teachers also intend to have a
share in the good work of beautifying
this room by the purchase of pictures
and statuary.
CHILDREN'S STORY HOUR.
A new departure is to be made in
the public library of Great Falls, Mont.
Every Friday afternoon of the next two
months there will be held at 4:30 o'ciocl:
il "children's story hour." The fln>t
series of stories will be taken from the
legends of "King Arthur, "» to be given
by the librarian and one of her assist
ants. Plans similar to this have proved
exceedingly popular in many Eastern
libraries. So important, indeed, is the
art of telling stories to children re
carded in the training school for chil
dren's libraries in the Carnegie Library
of Pittsburg that Miss Shedlock of Lon
don, a proficient in this art. has Just
given ten lectures. there upon this sub
ject. Regular instruction In story tell
ing to children has for several years
formed part of the course of this school.
The trustees of the Alameda. Public
Library intend to fit up a ladle*' room
in their building. Easy chairs. lounges
and tables will add to the attractive
ness of the room and will promote the
comfort of visitors.
PETAL.UM-VS XEW BCTLDIN'G.
The contract has been let for Peta
luma'B new library building. The
building is to be €6x66 feet, of Alameda
vhite brick and sandstone trimmings,
v >th slate roof, and having interior
finish of white pine. A skylight 'sixteen
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hosmr^
fiw STOMACH A
For womanly ills it is impossible
t<. tind a better medicine than the Bit-
tm. By restoring functional rcgu-
laritv it cures Sick Headache. Bloat-
ins. Backache. Cramps and Vomiting.
]t"a!i>o positively cures all stomach
complaints. We ur£C a fair trial.
SIGNS OF WAR
AT THE FERRY
Manager Rank of North Shore
Railway Objects to Land
in? of Steamers at New Slip
DANGER OF THE POSITION
Steamboat Captains Sijrn State
ment That Life, Property and
Reputation Would Be in Peril
There ?re signs of war on the water
front. \V. M. Rank, general manager
of the North Shore Railway Company,
refuses to comply with the order of
the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners, assigning the steamers of his
company to the new slip A. which was
recently constructed by the board. The
manager holds that it would be ex
ceedingly difficult under- conditions of
wind and tide for a large sidewheel
steamer to make a landing there. His
Judgment in this respect is sustained
by a statement signed by quite a num
ber of steamboat captains.
The following communication was
presented to the Harbor Commission
at the session yesterday afternoon: ,
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 22. l»f>4.
Ti> the Honorable Boerd of Harbor Oomm!*-
Fioners: t\>. th» und^rslimed, captain* of the
Kouthe.-n Pacific. .California North\v*>*iern.
North Eterc. Santa Fe and Oakland Transit
ftrry syftpnn;. are informed that the recently
constructed Flip west of No. 1 ts to be assigned
to the ferry syftem. We respectfully protest
acain«t the above a*sisnm»rkt. and we submit
our reasons /or doing so to your honorable
board.
Owlnir to the proximity of the slip, to the
ri«*r adjacent, under certain conditions of the
wind and lide it will be exceedingly difficult
and hazardous to meke a landing. For in-
Ftar.ce. assuming a southerly or southeasterly
wind and strong ebb tide, it mu«t be plain to
you that it will be very hard to clear the pier
adjacent ar.d failure to do so would result in
injury to life and property and to our reputa
tions. With either a strong: ebb or flood tide
it will be no easy matter to fret in or out. In
frgpy weather the sltuaticn will also he very
dangerous. Going at slow spepd. the chances
ar»> very rtrong against our making a landing.
We have heard the opinions of many cap
tains navigating in the bay, and they are
unanimous in condemning the slip as being to
tally inadequate for a large side wh»«l
Ftfamf. If four dolphins were driven beyond
th<- end of the short side of the slip they
might rctteva th* situation somewhat. As It
is. we protest against being compelled to use
il slip which in our opinion and the opinion
of ether experts is unsafe, owing to its position
and shape, and expose ourselves to the risk of
injuring life and rroperty and being held re
sponsible for it.
The communication is signed by C.
A. Johnson, John A. Mathieson. Wil
liam Bisco, Charles Bagge, A. Pollson,
J. J. Jones, William Fredrlckson, C. P.
Lauritzen. W. W. Rogers, John Leale,
H. A. Hyde, John Lewis, C. J. Ander
son and Richard Bradley.
Chief Engineer Norton advised the
board that the occupancy of the new
slip was necessary in order to carry
out the work of reDairing other slips.
Slip No. 4, occupied by the Santa Fe,
was greatly in need of repair. The pro
posed assignment of the Xorth Shore
was only temporary. The statement
that the position was unsafe for side
wheel steamers was not considered
sound, as stern-wheelers had no
trouble in making a landing there.
The Commissioners considered that
the expenditure of $500 to put in a dol
phin was not required. It was re
marked in tfVe discussion that the cap
tains of the ferry systems would sign
anything. The assertion was made
that the Xorth Shore, not desiring to
occupy tho slip, was causing all the
trouble. The chief wharfinger was di
rected to carry out the orders of the
board in making the temporary assign
ment, so that the work of repairing
other slips could proceed at once.
The Commissioners authorized the
renewal of insurance on State prop
erty. The whole amount of insurance
carried is 5675,000. The policies now
expiring were written three years ago,
and the renewals will cover the same
length of time. Under the law the
State is to receive the commission or
dinarily allowed to brokers.
Commissioners Spear, Kirkpatrick
and Mackenzie attended the session of
the board yesterday. There were no
fresh developments in the news stand
controversy. Steps were taken to clear
the way to the approaches of the new
Santa Fe bridge across Channel street
at Third. Occupants of that por
tion of the street which is .under
the Jurisdiction of the Harbor Com
mission pay no attention to the city
Board of Public Works. They simply
smile and ray nothing when Casey and
ir-'chmitz tell them to move on.
feet square will give light to the. center
of the building. A sum of $500 or $600
Is being raised by popular subscription,
in addition to the Carnegie gift of
$12,500. that the structure may b» com
pleted according to desired plans.
The suggestion" has been made that
public libraries which receive a gift for
a building should not change their
names in order to perpetuate the do
nor's name. An appropraite tablet in
the vestibule or hall will afford perm
anent recognition of the gift. It is a
well-known though sometimes forgot
ten fact that schools, colleges and
libraries which assume the name of a
liberal founder fail to receive other do
nations.
The Emmanuel Episcopal Church of
Nevada City intends to reopen its libra
ry and amusement rooms, established
two years ago. Games, of many kinds,
chess boards and billiard tables afford
much interest to the young people of
the town. The regular occupation of
the rooms will be on Saturday even
ings.
Ventura has recently built a new
town hall at a cost of $5000. The upper
floor is occupied exclusively by the pub
lic library, having two rooms, oach 25x
4S feet. The front room is used as a
reading-room and has files of newspa
pers and magazines, while the rear
room contains the books and general
equipment of the library. The annual
Income is a little more than $1000.
Miss Florence Vandever is the libra
rian. ' The Native Daughters' Improve
ment Club has given $25 to the library
trustees for the purchase of new books.
PUBLIC SPIIUTED WOMEN".
San Dimas. a village in Los Angele3
County, owes much to the public spirit
of its-women. A public hall and library
has recently been built and paid for by
their efforts. They are now preparing
the volumes of the library jfor circula
tion. . Mrs. L. A. Baker, recently re
moved from Pasadena, has presented
the new library with 400 books of stand
ard selections.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL". THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25. 1904.
TO ELECTRIZE
A STEAM ROAD
United Railroads Will Convert
California-Street Line Into
an Overhead Trolley System
POLICEMEN ON CARPET
Failure to Report Illegal Lay
ing of Sidewalk Results in
Trial for Neglect of Duty
The United Railroads yesterday filed
a petition with the Board of Public
Works for permission to reconstruct the
present steam road on California street,
Thirty-second avenue, Lake street and
through private lands to or near the
Cliff House into an electric road.
In the petition General Manager
Chapman states that the corporation
desires to maintain a better service on
the line of* road described and to that
end desires to erect poies along the
route thereof with all the necessary
wires, curves, turnouts and the like for
the purpose of operating and connect
ing the road by electric power with an
overhead electric system.
Accompanying the petition is a plat
showing the route of the road, the style
and character of the poles . to be
erected and the character of the con
templated overhead construction work.
The petition was referred to the City
Engineer for an early report.
The board decided that change of
grades on J street. Fifth and Sixth ave
nues on Parnassus Heights would be of
public benefit and recommended to the
Board of Supervisors that the improve
ment be carried out. J. C. McKinstry
and Dr. E. L. Merritf; representing the
Sutro estate, unsuccessfully renewed
their objections to the change of grades,
which they will now have to make to
the Supervisors.
General Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads notified the board
that the defects in the pavement on
Third street between Mission and Ber
ry will receive immediate attention.
Chief of Police Wittman reported that
a plank sidewalk was laid without a
permit on the northeast corner of
Stockton and Green streets and that
Officers Brodt, Wren, Fowle and Ward
were "derelict in their duty in not re
porting the same; for which they will
appear before the Police Commission on
charges of neglect of duty. Commis
sioner Casey thought the property
owner who laid the sidewalk should be
punished instead ofthe policemen and
he and Commissioner Woodward had
a short verbal tilt over the matter.
A. Ruef, F. S. Shadburne and F. Ma
rinl appeared before the board in sup
port of petitions that Dupont street be
tween Vallejo and Filbert be re
paved. They stated that the pave
ment had not been repaired since 1862.
The board thought It could pave one
block at once and if sufficient funds
are available the four blocks will be
Improved.
The board took under advisement the
petition of the North Central Improve
ment Association that certain blocks
paved with cobblestones in the down
town district be repaved. Commission
er Gasey said that the improvement of
the blocks was incorporated in the pro
posed bond issue.
Bids for the repaving of Dupont
street from California to Sacramento
were received from Flinn & Treacy and
the City Street Improvement Company
and the contract wil be awarded to
morrow.
George McDougald was appointed ce
ment finisher to succeed E. F. Bailey,
removed.
Champions Street Flower Venders.
A number of storekeepers on
Kearny street sent a signed protest
to the Supervisors yesterday against
what it -terms "the unprecedented In
terference of the Board of Works in
driving the flower venders from the
public streets," and urging that the
board named reconsider its action.
Bankrupt Clerk.
Charles Orr, a clerk residing in Sac
ramento, filed a petition in Insolvency
yesterday in the United- States Dis
trict Court. He owes $3785 and has
$3035 assets, of which $2985 are debts
due on open account.
In Glendora, Los Angeles County, a
public library has just been opened by
the exertions of the Athena Club.
The Spokane, Wash., Library Board
has accepted the decision of Professor
Ware, the architectural expert of Co
lumbia University, to whom the nine
plans for the Carnegie library building
were referred for his choice. The ap
proved plan calls for a two-story struc
ture of stone and pressed brick, with
two reading-rooms and the reference
room on the main floor. The second
floor is to contain the newspaper room,
the cataloguer's room and several
others as yet unassigned. The chil
dren's room is to be in the basement.
A distinctive feature of the design is
the position of the stack room for the
books, which is placed in a wing and is
lighted on both sides. This affords the
marked advantage of allowing exten
sion when demanded by the growth of
the library. In commenting upon one
other of the submitted plans, Professor
Ware observes of the dome that it is
an expensive, useless and undesirable
feature, which may well be replaced by
a skylight. The cost of this building is
not to exceed $62,000.
"Mutual Helpfulness" was the theme
of Librarian J. C. Rowell at a recent
meeting of the Library Association of
California. Specialization was shown
to be the need of the librarian of to
day, consequently librarians should
freely place their special knowledge at
the service of others of the profession.
The speaker maintained that in no
other profession was such helpfulness
more liberally extended. Inter-library
loans were commended. The State Uni
versity library borrows books from
New England and lends Its. own vol
umes all over the Pacific Coast. A
great central storehouse of books was
advocated for the future to prevent un
necessary duplication of works* which
are wanted only occasionally, such
works to be loaned as wanted through
out Its territory. Twenty-five new
members joined the Library Associa
tion in January.
WILL ESTIMATE
EXPENDITURES
Auditor Baehr Asks for Jin
formation From Heads of City
Departments as to Needs
FIGURES ON NEXT BUDGET
Amounts Required for Salaries
to Be Segregated From the
Other Sums to Be Paid Out
Audtior Baehr yesterday sent notices
to the heads of municipal departments
preparatory to fixing his estimates of
the money required to run the city
government upon which the Board of
Supervisors -will fix the next ' budget.
The notice follows:
It being the duty of the Auditor to make up
annually an estimate of the revenue and ex
penditures of tho different departments of the
municipal government, and to submit the same
to the Board of Supervisors as a'guide to basa
its action upon flxinjj the tax levy, I desire
to be furnished at your earliest convenience
witb_the following information for the purpose
of .presenting: the same as far as may be ap
plicable In my estimate for the ensuing fiscal
year. •
First— The amount required for the expenses
of your department in the payment of salaries
as authorized by law.
Second — The amount required for the ex
penses of your department for stationery.
bcoks and printing of blanks.
Third — The amount required ' for such other
expenditures as in your Judgment is requisite
for the performance of duties in connection
with your department and devolving- upon it.- |
I desire to have enumerated In your answer
to this communication, in detail,, all the va
rious estimated items of expenditure, with
such Information as to the probable amount
of fees or other incomes (if any) that your de
partment may estimate, which will be received
durlnc the said fiscal year, with such other in
formation as may be pertinent to this Inquiry.
Food Inspection Inquiry Ended.
The Health Board committee, con
sisting of Drs. Stinson, Poheim and
Hughes, completed its Investigation
yesterday into the conduct of the food
inspection department. The commit
tee found that there is laxity in tiie
performance of their duties by the
food inspectors, all ot A whom gave tes
timony. The committee will recom
mend radical reforms in the system
of inspection and will report its finti
ings to the Health Board next week,
when sensational developments are
looked for.
■WASHINGTON^ Feb. 24. — Representative
Cushman of Washington and Judge Wicker
sham of Alaska were heard by the House
Committee on Territories to-day in favor of
legislation authorizing the Territory of Alaska
to send a delegate to Congress.
' . ADVEBTKEMENTS.
"STRONGEST IN THE WORLD."
§THE EQUITABLE LIFE /j|\
ASSURANCE SOCIETY (wl)
Of THE UNITED STATES. VMJiSl/
HENRY B. HYDE, Founder.
Outstanding Assurance, Dec. 31st, 1 903.... $1,409,9 1 8, 742. 00
New Assurance Issued in 1 903 322,047,968.00
Income in 1903..: •. 73, 718, 350.93
Assets December 3 1 , 1 903 /; 381, 226,03 Jo 3
Assurance Fund and all other Liabilities. 307, 87 1,897. Jo
Surplus.. 73,35-4,138.03
Paid Policyholders in 19O3 ' 34,949,672.27
JAMES W. ALEXANDER, PRESIDENT.
JAMES H. HYDE, VICE-PRESIDENT.
A. M. SHIELDS, Manager,' ®X H. C DONNELS, Cashier,
CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.. CAL.
EXCELS ALL OTHERS
Cures Dandruff Permanently Grows Vigorous Hair
Cures Itching of the Scalp Restores Hair
Cures Scaly Eruptions g Preserves the Hair
Stops the Hair From railing Makes Brittle Hair Soft and Silky
Awarded First Prize at California State Fair 1903
_ , „, :/'-:* . . Dear Sir: In reply to yonr inquiry about ray ssilp
Werner's Hair Tonic, by its antiseptic action, destroys ud nair the use of your Tonic, I am glad to say
with a single application the microbes which cause Dan- that my scalp is not troubled any more with d&ncruff
druff. Itchin*.Thln Hair. Loss of Color and Premature • and itegn^M^taljta. stopped «»£ 1 £^o£ih.r
Baldness. your Hair Tonic I tried every hair tonic my druggist
The effect f It. «.< ,1. immediate .The. £* *~-« SS had 7X^« f £E
invigorated and healthy. The circulation about the hair ful to the trltnt who Induced me to try your'Tonlc.
roots Is increased. ' The hair bulbs are nourished and re- Yours respectfully,
vived The hair shafts are strengthened. A glossy. Twenty-?ou?ih C #£5t T S5£S£&L
!™2S t d- 1 Sr5i'. P l2S e £rit of life remains to the '^Si0SSSSS I^mSfe^cel' 0^,^
roots, Werner's Hair Tonic induces a new, vigorous Hair Tonic Vegetal on recommendation of Mr. Chas.
growth Werner. At that time my hair was full of dandruff
15 ; and my scalp itched terribly, but after ustng the tonic
It is especially effective when uaed in conjunction a short time was entirely cured. The tonic is also a
with Werner's Medicated Shampoo. The scalp is thus delightful hair dressing and I haye never l*9en without
i« a a- *k- *.„!.. i ** ~** a -4iw Jt since I began its use. Your Medicated Shampoo is
purified and the hair left soft and silky. certainly the best I ever tried. My weekly- shampoo
Werner's Hair Tonic is not oily, has a refined, pleas- with a vigorous massage with your hair tonic is some-
,ng odor and is a delightfully" refreshing hair jessing. KJSSFaS
There is no substitute for it. Nothing is just a« good. tne best on the market. Yours.
Accept nothing else. At drugists" 50c a bottle. J. J. HENT>ERSON
,. ■ Attorn ey-at-Law. Sacramento. CaL .
■ . ■ ..--■-. - ■ . 4
Vox Pree Sample lead lOo to corer post*** to "Werner Xaaofactulaff Co., Sacramento. CaL
MEXICO NAMES
A NEW CONSUL
Cayetano Romero \Vill Repre
sent the Southern Repub
lic on the Pacific Coast
WILL SUCCEED ENRIGUEZ
Official Has Had Much Diplo
matic Experience and Is Now
the Minister to Guatemala
Special Dispatch to The Cb.1L
EL PASO, Tex.. Feb. 24.— The an
nouncement is made that Hon. Caye
tano Romero is appointed Consul Gen
eral for the Pacific Coast for the re
public of Mexico, headquarters at San
Francisco. The Consul General Is a
brother of the Mexican Embassador to
Washington and has just been recalled
from the post of Minister to Guate
mala. He goes to San Francisco to
succeed Signor Enriguez. who recently
resigned and about whose successor
there has been considerable discussion
of late, as the post is considered quite
important. The new Consul General is
a man of wide diplomatic experience
and from one of Mexico's oldest aris
tocratic families. He will join his new
station at an early date. . ,
Gustavo Levy, who at present Is
acting Consul in this city, has as yet
received no notification of the ap
pointment of a new Consul. When
seen last night he said: "If there has
been a new Consul appointed I do not
know it. The Consul left on the 10th
of last month for Mexico, ostensibly
on private business, and I expect him
to return at any, time. I receive let
ters and telegrams from my Govern
ment every day, but there has been
no intimation conveyed in any of them
that a change of Consuls was to take
place in this city."
Testifies Against Carbarn Bandits.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24. — Mayor Harri
son appeared in court to-day as a wit
ness against the carbarn bandits. The
Mayor testified against the claim that
the confessions of the defendants were
secured by intimidation and force.
This is the second time in the history
of the city that a Mayor has been
called as a witness in a murder case.
POPULISTS WILL
MAKE A FIGHT
Call Is Issued for a National
ConTention to Be Held at
Springfield, Illinois, July 4
WILL NOMINATE LEADERS
Basis Will Be One Delegate
From Each District and One
for Fractional Vote for 1892
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 24. — The joint com
mittee of the Fuslonists and the Mid
dle-of-the-Road Populists, representing
the People's party of the United States,
to-day Issued the official call for a
national convention of the People's
party to meet in Springfield. 111., on
July 4, 1904. at 12 o'clock noon, for the
purpose of nominating candidates for
President and Vice ' President of the
United States and for the formulation
of a national platform.
The basis of representation will be
one delegate from each Congressional
district in each State, with an addi
tional delegate at large for each State
for each 2000 or majority fraction there
of votes cast for James B. "Weaver
for President in 1S92. The Indian Ter
ritory and Oklahoma Territory will
have five delegates each and three dele
gates from each of the other Terri
tories.
The declaration of principles for the
People's party, formulated and issued
by the national committees in joint
session to-day, reiterated oft repeated
declarations and adds:
"The influence of this party shall be
given to advance the interests of or
ganized labor by the recognition of the
union label on manufactured products,
as well as in legislation, which at last
is the only hope of just conditions for
labor.
"We criticize as unfair, illegal and
unjust those decisions of the courts
declaring labor laws unconstitutional,
and we demand a constitutional amend
ment authorizing legislation requiring
the States, municipalities and public
franchise owning corporations, their
contractors and sub-contractors, to pay
workmen the prevailing rates of wages,
and that upon public works eight hours
shall constitute a day's labor, and we
demand the abolition of the contract
system upon public work."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J||Keters'
SICK MiADAOHE
PositiTdy cnred by these
lAttlo Pills.
ThejUsottUsYz Distress from Dyspepsfi,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xansea, Drowsl-
aess, Bad Taste in the MoutH, Coated Tosgria
P»ia In the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thef
Regulate the Eowelj. Purely Vegetable."
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Sj^^&sB MEN AND WOMEN.
I to t <«tv%H <*''« ■•h«rj»i.tna»niznati3B %.
BSmm Owul»4 *1 Irritations or ulcrralioil
Ittl a*t <• iwutir.. of mueoa* membrant*.
Tf^^mtm FnlHtoa. P»13>«J, aad not mltrl3'
KaimETWCHEMXAlCO. g*at or poi.nnons.
IJgjA Clltt < ..1!IATI,0.P2^i 8«ld by DmijUU-
JK^^^>JW| br axprtM. prepaid, far
" Circular f set oa wuett.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
yf\C, r>v Pt»amers leave San Fran-
XV[«J —^Q«\ fl s(^> »s follows:
fo/L x<ff\ For K«tchikan. Wran^rl.
/*' >1 ■'—"'»"■ HaliK-s, Skaguay,
I I \»3*J\ * I ""' "■• Alaska- •' a m.. Feb.
I \ \ttiM 1 I -2r> Mar. ! Chance to mm-
w\ V ySy pany"s steamer at Seattle.
VVO ~oy F ' or Victoria. Vancouver.
>5^TS»V>^ Port Townsend, S«>au!». Ta-
*" coma. Everett. Whatcom—
II a. m.. Feb. 20. -J3. Mar. t. Chans* at S*att:«
tr> this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
». Ry. : at Seattl* or Tacoma to N. P. Hy. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbol-n Bayi — Pomona 1 :3O
P. m.. Feb. 2*. Mar. 5. Corona. 1 :3»> p. m.,
F*b. 23. liar. 2.
For Uos Angeles (via Port I>ost Angelei and
Re<jr.T»cJo). Pan I>!t?go ani .Sanu Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles ivla San Pedro anri Hart
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa rYuz. Mrm-
terey. San Simeon. Cameos, port Harford tSan
Luis Obispo). Ventura and H-j<-nem<».
Coos Bay. fl a. m.. Feb. -JO, Mar. S
Bomta. 9 a. m.. Feb. !».*>. Mar. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas iMex.). li» a. m.. 7th each
month. Fcr further Information .obtain folder.
Right is reserved to chanf?» neamen or salhr^r
dates
TICKET OrPICES — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hole!). lt> Market st. an.l Broad-
way »harv»» Freight office. 1i> Market st.
C. D. DUNANX. "leneral Pa5sene»- Air»nt.
_ 10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler «t., will
call for and check baggage from hotel3 ami
residences. Telephone. Exchans;* 212.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 27. March 9. 1<». 2S. April
7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon 1st temporarily In
servic* instead of the Columbia. George W
Elder «aJI» Mar. .?. 13. 2::. Apr. 2. 12 and 22
Only steamship line to PURTUAND. OH., and
short rail line from Portland to> all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at IXiWEST HATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and m<>als. .-'•■ »:n»r sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dent.. 1 Montgomery sf . : «\
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
gomery St.
AMERICAN LUTE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 0:30 «. m.
ft. Louis Mar. 0 Si. Paul Mar. 1»
Xew York Mar. 12 Zeerd.Mar.26.10:a<> am
ATLA3TTIC TRANSPORT LUTE.
Haw York — Losdca Direct.
Marquette Mar 5 l> A. V.
Mlnnehaha Mar. 12. 1 :3O A. M
Minneapolis Mar. 1». 7 A. M.
Mesaba Mar. 2»? 9 A. M.
Only First -class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage-
Canada Mar 12(Dominion Apr 2
Vancouver* Mar. 26lCambronan Apr. 9
HOLLAHD-AMHaiCA LINE.
New Twin-scr»w Steamers of 12.500 Ton*.
Now York — Sotterdam. Via Eanlcsme.
Sailing Tueeday at to a. m.
Rotterdam Mar. S'Statendam Mar. 2*>
Noordam Mar. 22iPotsdam Apr. S
KED STAS LINE.
Wew Ycrk — Paris.
From New York Saturdajs at 10:30 *. m.
Kroonland Mar. .',( Kroonland Mar. 1!»
Vad»rland Mar. 12lZeeland Mar. 21
W HJ.TE STAS LINE.
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanic. -Mar. 0. nocnIMajesic.Mar. SO.lrt an
Celtic. .Mar. IB. 4 pmlArabic Apr 1 5 pm
Cedric.Mar. 23. 9 am Oceanic. Apr. 6. 't<> a.-n
Boston — Qneenstown— Livsrpool.
Cymric Mar. 17 Arr it May 12
Cretlc Mar.""1 Ap-. 2*
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SE3VICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Mar 2«
ROMANIC \pr. 0. May It
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post sr.. San Francisco.
| ■ ■
li^^E&JERS. MAJMEIUXS." CCX ; QA^ fl
gjJNAPl^S »ALEXA.VDR!A. EGYI>T.>V|
CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Jiar tit
ROMANIC Apr. 9 May It
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la the
Mediterranean aervice.
First class. $63 upward.
Boston to Liverpool
CYMRIC Mar. 17. Apr 14. May 12
CRETIC Mar.*31 Apr. 23
First clasa. $60 and f65 upward, accord -
leg to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent raci3e
Coast. 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
Jfamburg-Jhmerican.
81-WMkly Twin-Screw Service.
Tor Plymouth. Cherbourg. Hamburg.
Patricia Feb. 27,'Bluecher Mar. 24
•Moltke Mar. 3 'Moltke Mar. St
Pretoria Mar 12 ! Pennyslvania ..A?!. 1
Waldersee Mar. 13*Deutscbland ..ApL T
•Grillroom and gymnasium on board
g*Mn^n^.«\nrgTr«iT T - r WK.
Office*. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
oecanies.s.co.s£?:s
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land an* Sydney. Thur.. March 3, 2 p. m.
SS ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12. II am.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. IS. 11 am.
H^ttfia.121 ButatSLftrh. I.PiaflBlt
10X7A69IS 8Z5EHAI.S :nU53\TLUn JJi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jm>.j»
Sailing everv Thursday in.s'--a.l of **%^FH
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12. ** B " : *^
: North River, foot of Morton «t.
First class to Havre. *"(> and upward. *•»•-
i ond class to Havre. $15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
OANXDA Z2 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Ascent*.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. in.. 3:1j and H:-"Ur p. m., eseept Sunday.
Sunday, 1M5 a. n>.. 8:00 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 and fi p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun- -
day 7 a *m . 4:15 p. m. Fare. B«> cents. Te!.
Main 10US. Pier 2, Miaolon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
WlettMllWli
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Slang — Its Abuses.
BT MISS ADELINE KNAPP.
(Formerly ••ittor -The Household,' 1 New
York; author of "The Boy and the Baron,
•Thf Story of the Philippines." "Upland
Pastures." «tc.)
• Copyright; 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Tbe average girl is a composite of
many contradictory influences. She is J
suayed by many varying influences '
and moved upon by moods and experi- ;
e-nees nev:, untried and unadjusted. I
the has not yet got her perspective in j
life. Perhaps this is one reason why.
Just at the time when she begins to»;
take on little oxtra politenesses and ele- j
gancies of manner toward her mates, \
she also begins to think slang clever i
and expressive. She is at pains to ac- j
quire the vocabulary of slang and to j
introduce it into her conversation, be- j
cause of a mistaken idea that it means
more than ordinary' English can ex
press. I wonder if it does.
Poverty of thought and of language
is a far more shameful thing than pov- j
erty of purse. It argues stupidity, as
poverty of purse cannot. Not every
body has frep access to wealth, but
every intelligent human being has fres ■
access to that great storehouse of j
vords called the English languagf. •
There are 200.000 of these words. The
English tongue is the richest in the !
world in eynonyms and in words which
are nearly synonyms, but which ex- j
pr«»ss varying shades of the same idea.
Tet of this vast wealth the great mass
of educated people in this country is
content to put to use but a paltry four
or five hundred: It is as though a man
■with unlimited wealth at his command
should be content to use merely a few ;
dollars now and then; to live in a nar
row, mean way. letting his wealth ii»
idle, not because he was a miser, but
because he was too stupid to realize
its power.
Now there is no one thing outeide of
ignorance which has such a limiting
influence on the use of English as
s Inng. This reads like a paradox. Most
people think of slang as a more than
usually free and picturesque use of
language. They think that a man wh-j
u?es a great many new or quaint slang
words or phrases enriches his vocabu
lary thereby. Let us consider the mat
ter for a moment.
The user of slang is always inclined
to the constant use of certain "pet
phrases, whirh, while they are in fa
vor, are made to do a great deal of
extra work. Here, for instance, is an
ectual conversation to which I listened
not long ago. The speakers were a
girl and a young man. both university
students, who sat behind me in a
train. They were evidently talking of
college athletics. The girl spoke first:
"<l.'s an Al runner, isn't he?" she
asked.
"Well, I should remark; ain't he
just?" was the reply.
"Did you see the midterm field
work?" the girl asked next.
"I should remark. G. ran in great
shape, didn't he? L. was good enough,
but G. — well, I should remark!"
There was a pause and then the
talk turned to more serious matters.
"I'm looking at psychology," the girl
paid. ("Looking at" is collegese for
giving special attention to.)
"Are you? I got mine all done (!)
laFt year. I tell ypu I'm thankful
Fome! There are some things I can
fe*» the s^nse of, but psychology!
Well, I should remark!"
"It is hard," she admitted.
"Hard? Well. I should remark!"
We reached my station and ( I left
the train, much edified by what I had
ovprhenrd. Doubtless the higher edu
cation was doing much for those young
people, but does any one suppose that
the youth really expressed himself by
that inane reiteration of a phrase in
itself inane and meaningless? Yet
only a short time ago a bright, clever
girl, whose education advantages have
r-fcf n unusual, contended with me, seri
ously, for the value of slang. "Could
anything," she said, "be more per
fectly expressive than the phrase
•pulling his leg'?"
Expressive of what? I asked a
number of people what it expressed
to them, and here are some of their
replies: •
"Why — why — to work him." (Three
gave this answer.)
"To come a 'con game' on him."
"Why — you know — why, to draw
him down."
"To get the Zteet of him.**
"To hoodwink him."
Nearly every one of those I asked
found it necessary to resort to further
Flang to define the phrase, and nearly
every one had a different ' shade of
meaning for it.
That last is really a serious flaw in
slang as a medium of expression.
Nearly every one hag his own idea of
what a given phrase means, but the
idea of the hearer may be quite dif
ferent from that of the user. Any
one can prove this by choosing some
bit of current slang and asking ten
or a dozen different persons what it
means.
Each time we use a slang phrase
we set aside r correct word or phrase
which belongs in use and by bo much
we limit our power of expression. A
limited vocabulary means a limited
mind. Words actually- bring ideas in
their train. Every new set of words
acquired brings a new mental outlook.
One reason why the English language
has euch a comprehensive vocabulary
is that the English-speaking people
have been great wanderers. English
men have sailed over seas to foreign
lands and brought back new .words
with a host of new ideas dependent
upon them.
Whole vistas of knowledge spread
and b<*ckon before -us when we turn
over the leaves of the dictionary and
note the sources of many of bur com
mon words. Shawl, camphor, torna
do, ship, street and harbor are words
of every day use enougrh, yet there was
a time when they were new in Eng
lish, when their very sound brought
new knowledge to be explained and
acquired. Think of the host of new
ideas that have come to us with new.
words from Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii
and the Philippines, from China and
South Africa.
But we of to-day, do not need to
sail away to foreign lands for new
words to give us new ideas. We have
but to open the dictionary and run a
Jlngrer down its columns until we come
to an unfamiliar combination of let
ters.' What does it mean? Where
did it come from? How did it get
into our language? Usually we shall
not get beyond the first of these ques
tions without gaining a wider outlook.
The dictionary is a perfect gold mine
for ideas; the gold we flnd in it has
the charm of all virgin gold, with this
in addition, that not only does it bear
no mint stamp, but we may take the
pure material and out our own stamp
on it.
The Complete Kitchen.
BY CHRISTINE TERHUNE HEHRICK.
(Author of "In City Tents." "Liberal Living
on Narrow Means," etc.)
(Copyright. 18<M, by Joseph B. Bowtes.)
Readers of Mrs. Whitney's books will
not have forgotten that In one of them
she makes a woman speak of her bottle
of household ammonia as "her kitchen
maid." That name has been gratefully
applied to ammonia by many a woman
who has seen the magical effects a
few spoonfuls of it will have in cut
ting the grease in pot or frying pan,
or in cleansing a soiled silk, or in bright
ening silver or glass. If one could
choose but one kitchen help, the am
monia bottle would surely be that one.
There are helps besides this. On the
same principle that moves her to buy
washing powders and fluids and pastes
the housekeeper should provide herself
with all the mechanical labor-saving
appliances she can secure, if they real- j
ly save labor. For this name is often
a misnomer. The kind of utensil that ;
economizes time for the worker and
turns out a poorly preiared product :
that is unsatisfactory to the people
who are to eat it or to use it is an
extravagance in the long run — or in the •
short run, either. Such as these are
one or two— meat choppers that have
been put upon the market, which seem
to crush the Juice from the meat they
chop and turn it out a powdery, taste
less mass. Such also are certain pat
ented egg beaters, which In frothing
or thickening the eggs make so close
grained a product that the lightness of
effect for which the eggs were to be
used is entirely lacking.
Meat choppers and egg beaters there
are, however, that are among the
housewife's chlefest blessings, and in
addition to these there are other con
veniences, some cheap, some more cost-,
ly, which save her time and strength.
As many of these as she can afford she
should have in her kitchen or pantry.
1 know of nothing that is more an
noying to a housekeeper than a dearth
of the commonplace, every day kitchen
utensils. Yet I have known persons of
wealth who were poor in such things.
I have been in the pantries of women
in good circumstances where the flour
sifter was rusted and broken, where
the one strainer must be used for cof
fee, soup or .jollies, where there was
but one frying pan for all uses of saute
ing and boiling or frying of any sort,
and where there was a single broiler
to serve for fish and meat — a broiler
which was also- used as a toasting rack.
In these kitchens I have round such
helps as a vegetable press or a lemon
squeezer, or an apple corer or a suffi
ciency of mixing bowls and spoons ab
solutely lacking. It is like asking for
bricks without providing straw to ex
pect a cook to do good and brisk work
when s=he has to make shifts to take
the place of inexpensive utensils. These
things are not costly, and there is no
reason except carelessness or positive
poverty why there should not be
enough bowls and cups for mixing,
knives fc-r meat and vegetables, cups
for measuring and the like in even
a tolerably well furnished pantry and
j kitchen.
| The lists that are given for the neces
sary furnishing of the kitchen are
sometimes discouraging. The woman
who can have but one table, even al
though that be a double decker, and
must supplement the lack of such space
by a hinged* shelf over the one table
she has. is likely to be annoyed and
discouraged when she is told that a
I marble slab is a requisite for the man
ufacture of good pastry. It is a help
undoubtedly, but it is like a good many
other things of the sort.
"I have been housekeeping for thirty
years." I heard a woman say the other
day. She had always been a hospita
ble soul and a notable housekeeper, and
her table was a synonym for good liv
ing. "I flatter myself," she contin
i ued, "that I am a tolerable cook,
and that the dishes which come
on my table are fairly attractive.
I have never owned a marble topped
pastry table or a pastry bag or tube,
or a set of dariole molds or a frying
kettle or half a dozen other things that
I am always told are essential to good
housekeeping. They are all very nice,
but I have managed to get along with
out them very comfortably."
So have a good many other women.
None the less, many of these things
are a great help in dainty cookery. But
if there is a choice between these and
plenty of the plainer things, the latter
should be chosen. I have already
spoken of the necessity of enough mix
ing bowls and cups. There should be
dishes or nappies in which to put away
food, cooked or uncooked, so that the
dishes kept for the table should not be
used for this purpose. There should
also be a half-pint measuring cup and
a graduated quart measure, two. or
three, double boilers of different sizes,
large sharp knives for meat or fish or
bread, and smaller and equally sharp
knives for cutting and peeling vegeta
bles and for removing the meat from
the bones of a joint or fowl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO / CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... .Address All Commtinications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
! ' .: ' ' ■ ' " ' ' ' • , t .,
Publication Office <!^|§^j^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
■ ■ >
THURSDAY ...'...... FEBRUARY 25. 1904
RUSSIA'S COMPLAINT.
THE Russian Government has addressed to the pow
ers a diplomatic note impeaching Japan for violat
ing international law. The serious charge is for vio
lating the neutrality of Korea by landing troops in that
empire. Unless Japan could make' such use of Korea,
she would have no land base for her military operations.
The complaint comes with bad grace from* Russia, after
violating the neutrality of China by occupying Manchu
ria as her land base, and erecting on Chinese soil mili
tary- camps and fortifications during the time in which
she agreed with the Western nations to prepare for evac
uating - Manchuria. Last year she promised the United
States to observe her agreement to evacuate on October
8. But that date found her increasing her forces on
Chinese soil and busy usurping the civil administration
of Manchuria, against the protest of, China and -in viola
tion of her word to the allies in the Boxer war.
It is said that France sympathizes with Russia in her
view of the case. This is probably a play in the game
going on between France and Germany to court the
favor of Russia. - If Germany insinuate herse^ into the
place now held by France as a Russian ally, France will
be isolated on the Continent. But it must be remem
bered that England and Japan are joined in the same"
form of alliance as fchat between France and Russia, arid
if France go so far as to give aid, even diplomatically, to
the Czar, England may be expected to. go. just as far
with the Mikado.
The rest of Russia's complaint runs to Japan's act of
war at Port Arthur, in advance of a formal declaration.
It is not the first time /hat has occurred. We did it in
the Mexican war, and had an action at arms in advance
of a formal declaration by Congress. It may be said,
too, that every day that Russian troops have remained
in Manchuria after the date agreed upon for evacuation
was an act of war. Such continued occupancy is under
stood by every Government to have been a warlike
menace, directed against the independence and exist
ence of Japan.
Russia's note is published concurrently with a boast
that she will wipe out the Japanese armies next August.
If she expect that in such event she will also have per
mission to do as she pleases with Japan she is probably
mistaken, for it is inconceivable that the world will as
sent to her absorption of that empire. There is no in
tention anywhere to permit Russia to'become the dom
inating power of the planet, as she would be with Japan,
China and Korea absorbed into her system. In this the
United States is equally interested with the other West
ern nations. Such expansion of Russian power would
practically drive us out of the Pacific, and while it is not
probable that we would make war in the matter, it is
probable that we would join a concert of such Western
nations as desire to preserve a just balance in the world's
trade, and prevent the spread of the execrable scheme of
government represented in the Russian polity. .
We stand at present on Secretary Hay's note, en
forcing respect for the neutrality and territorial integ
rity of China. It is a most important action, and makes
a foundation for future action in protection of our inter
ests in the Pacific and in the trade of China.
American public opinion and view of the morals of the
Eastern conflict are exactly uttered in the many pulpits
in this country, in which the subject has been discussed.
In not a single case has the Russian side met with any
favor. The superior civilization* of Japan is recoginized,
as it should be, and the superior system of her govern
ment has not escaped indorsement. Japan has a high
degree of popular government,' with parliamentary insti
tutions and a perfect system of jurisprudence founded
on the 'common law. Americans wilt not see these insti
tutions submerged in the brutal autocracy of Russia.
In a discussion at the State Conference of Charities
and Corrections an opinion seemed to prevail the other
day that the City and County .Hospital of San Fran
cisco.is the worst institution of its kind on earth. This
appears to be a particularly severe and unjust criticism
on the rest of the earth. San Francisco is the only spot
on the globe, at least of that part of it that claims civil
ization as an experience, which would tolerate a hospital
like that on Potrero avenue.
TWO THOUSAND WOMEN.
TWO THOUSAND women were represented in • a
recent gathering of delegates from women's clubs
in Sacramento, having for- their purpose the organi
zation of a women's council. The purpose of assembling
was duly accomplished. In addition to the clubs there
were representatives of foreign missionary societies,
ladies' church aid societies, Good Templar lodges, the
Ladies' Hebrew Benevolent Society, the Ladies' Auxil
iary of the Young Men's Christian Association, the Oak
Park Women's Christian Temperance Union, the Court
land Farmers' Club, the Kingsley Art Club, the Ladies'*
Choral Society, the Catholic Ladies' Relief Society, the
Ladies' Auxiliary of the Synagogue and /various other
organizations. \&^
The body that was formed by agreement on the part
of the- delegates .will be known as the Women's Council
for the Improvement of the City, and County of Sacra
mento. The purposes are declared to be to bring the
various associations of women into closer relations
through an organic union. No affiliating association
loses its independence or sacrifices its aims, principles or
methods. The general and controlling idea is to get to
gether for the benefit of Sacramento. Two thousand
women can do much for Sacramento or for. a city of
much greater size if they work harmoniously together.
The large number of women interested in this -latest
movement indicates that there is an awakening of civic
spirit in the. capital city of the^ State that portends some
earnest attempts at betterment.
How are the women going to better Sacramento? The
answer contains some interesting points. Departments
of study are to meet once a month, at which problems
will be considered and digested. The council will meet
quarterly and the departments for study and work must
report every quarter to the council. By inference the
names of the different departments that are provided for
by the constitution that has been adopted for the coun
cil point out generally the immediate purposes of the
affiliation.
There will be an improvement league, to include road
improvement and all work for the betterment of city and
county not assigned to any other department. There
will be a department to aid in the advancement-of the
public schools, a department of organized charities and
another of moral reform. Each department elects
its own officers. If any department undertakes 'a public
work concerning which there are well defined differences
of opinion, the proposition must obtain the sanction of
the executive council. . ' >\ '
This is a brief outline of the large movement that is
interesting all the women in Sacramento County and
has elements of interest Jor all women in California.
Animated by a desire for the "public- good and working
with single aim to that" end," 1 the two thousand Sacra
mento women deserve well of the community in which
they^ live, and serve as shining examples to other
women wherever they may dwell. , •
In an address recently delivered ~ before an Oakland
audience Judge B. B. Lindsey of Denver urged ear
nestly that the State assume the attitude of a parent in
the correction of criminal children. The learned jurist
did not emphasize the fact, however, that criminal chil
dren among normal youths, is a more dangerous condi
tion to society than criminal children among their ab
normal elders. It is better, perhaps, to destroy a dis
eased unit than to infect a community.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE.
HAVING drawn a bill so incomprehensible that it
was reported to be what it is not, Mr. Hearst now
girds at the press for taking it to be as reported.
It was reported that he had introduced a' bill "to amend
imprisonment out of the penal' sections of the interstate
commerce and anti-trust laws. He declares now- that he
wished to amend imprisonment into both. That is to
say, he wants the interstate commerce law as it was
originally, with imprisonment among the penalties for its
violation.
' As it was known that the imprisonment feature was
considered obnoxious during labor strikes which inter
fered with interstate commerce,' so it was concluded, in
some quarters, that Mr. Hearst was aiming to secure in
the law such a penalty as would be ineffective in such
cases. He is now on record, however, as- desiring to
confront all violators with the damp prison cell, and if
the penalty is enforced equally, it is\inobjectionable. It
will be a proper precaution, however, to submit his bi\l
to a committee on style and statement, to the end that
it may be purged of complexity and that its cloudy state
ment may be cleared up.
The interstate commerce law has been productive of
much good, but is still lacking in very necessary fea
tures. The commission has no direct and original
power to enforce its judgments. It must go to a judicial
.court to effect this, where all issues are subject to dilatory
motions and vexatious dela3's. While preserving a
proper regard for all rights involved, such a law should
be freed from the possibility of great delays, inasmuch
as the merit of it consists largely in its "prompt enforce
ment. There are those who believe it within the power
of Congress to confer judicial powers upon the commis
sion, making it a court of first instance and original
jurisdiction, with power of finality over some of the
issues that come before it, unless they involve constitu
tional questions which may be appealed.
Since the organization of the Department of C°m~
merce with its Bureau of Corporations, the merely exec
utive functions of the Interstate Commerce Commission
may undergo absorption into the new department, in
creasing the need of clothing it with duties more' spe
cifically judicial in their character.
/The transportation interests have found the commis
sion to be a material assistance in the adjustment of
their relations to each other, since that which they are
unable to agree to among themselves is readily adopted
by all when decided by the tommission. Its field was
untried ground when it began operations, and is so vast
and intricate as to justify the care and deliberation with
which it has' proceeded. It should not be clothed with
unnecesary powers or those impossible of use, and the
closer it is approximated to judicial methods the more
service "may be expected from it. It is the intention of
the law to prevent restrictions upon commerce between
xhe States, either by transportation companies or by
those who interfere with their business.
The policy of our scheme of government .is to secure
free and unrestricted trade between the States. This
policy is powerful enough to prevent embargoes on the
sale and use of lawful property produced in one State
and shipped into another. To illustrate, the Legislature
of California cannot pass a law forbidding the use of
lumber from Oregon, or of encaustic tiles from New
Jersey, or iron hollowware from New York. What is
forbidden in that respect to the State is not permitted to
individuals, or combinations of individuals. If the State
attempt it the courts void the statute, and the penal
clauses of the interstate commerce law cannot be ap
plied. The case is different, however, with individuals,
who can for such an act be imprisoned as soon as Mr.
Hearst amends the jail back into the law. *
The effect of restricting trade between the States of
the same country is shown in Mexico, where it has been
possible for each State to have its own tariff upon the
products of any other State. This prevents the free cir
culation of commerce, restrains production and creates
a narrow provincialism that is antagonistic to progress.
What an interstate tariff does in Mexico will be done
here, if it.be permitted to any one to forbid the use in
one State of the products of another, no matter what the
pretext may be.
As the constitution commits to Congress the regula
tion of these matters, there is still an opening for much
wholesome legislation which should be had without the
taint of 'prejudice, demagogy, or class interest. It should
apply in its regulations and its penalties impartially to
all and should be administered in the same spirit of
equality. The transportation facilities of the 'country
have been prime factors in its development, and those
who administer them have the greatest interest in the
development of the resources Which make their opera
lion profitable. If they are not wisely selfish by aiding
such development, it is the duty of the law to make
American shippers are justly agitated to know whether
or not our foodstuffs, now on the way to either or both
of the belligerent powers of the Orient, are to be consid
ered contraband of war. Th.e safest solution of the diffi
culty perhaps is to insist upon a cash payment in ad
vance, and let the other fellow trouble himself about the
uncertain question of delivery in these strenuous times
of conflict on the high seas.
European dispatches indicate that Russia is deter
mined to send her Black Sea fleet to the front. One
would think that St. Petersburg would see the wisdom of
having a few fighting ships left after the cruel war is
over. If there is a nation on earth that should not carry
all her eggs in one basket surelyit is Russia. .
I Even. Spain sees in the Far Eastern war. the dread po
tential elements of a world conflict. When Spain can
see anything affecting her own" interests it is time for
the others in the, family of' nations to be up and doing.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
'His Adventure.
"How is it. Uncle Tom. that you
never married?" was the query put tu
a bright-eyed little old fellow, the guest
of a family In the Mission, a few nights
ago. The blue eyes of the old man lost
their brightness and on his face .came
a frown. He looked so worried for a
minute or two that the questioner was
about to apologize, fearing that she
had Inadvertantly touched upon a sore
spot In the life of Uncle Tom. But the
gloomy look lasted only for a minute.
Then the blue eyes became bright
again and twinkled merrily. His Hpa
parted in a smile and with a chuckle
he said, "I did, once."
With exclamations of surprise the
family gathered about the old man.
He had always been known as a kindly
old bachelor, fond of company and
cheerful at all times, free from every
care, who had gone through life with
out ever having been a victim of the
tender passion.
"Let me see," said the old fellow. "It
was more than" fifty years ago. I was
then a young fellow, full of life, an.l
like all young fellows, fond of a Joke
or a hoax. Well, of all the girls I
knew, and I knew a lot. I can tell you.
there was not one who excited a warm
er feeling than friendship. One day
I thought I would be very funny and
inserted an advertisement in the paper
containing the announcement that a
young man of good habits, fairly well
to-do and not bad looking, wanted a
wife. I got about a thousand replies.
I answered them all, generally in my
reply stating that I did not think the
applicant and the ■ advertiser would br
congenial mates. From some I got
scorching replies that made me feel a
little nervous.
"One in particular wrote to me ami
told me all sorts of things about myself
that I did not relish because I did not
think they were* true. It was from a
woman in Ohio, who said that she felt
eo certain that she would be the select
ed one that after answering my 'ad'
she had sold her little farm and held
herself ready to fly to the arms of the
young man with good habits, fair
wealth and some good looks. Well, she
must have flown, for the very day I
got her answer she arrived at my shop
In the little Michigan town where I
was living. Somehow or other she con
vinced me that I was a villain of the
deepest dye and that thejjnly way I
could maintain a position in decent so
ciety was to marry her. I did that
afternoon. What I went through dur
ing the next few years went a long
ways toward making my hair as white
as it is now. Finally," here the old
man dropped his eyes and sighed re-
Blind Love.
One of the prettiest of the chorus
girls in a show recently in town re
ceived a note one day that made her
eyes sparkle with excitement. It told
her 'how beautiful she was and that
her every movement was full of ex
quisite grace and charm. The writer
begged her to sup with him some night
after the performance as he was very
anxious to become personally acquaint
ed with her. She showed the note to
her girl friend who congratulated her
on her good luck.
Before she answered the note she and
her girl friend met a well-known legal
light to whom they had been previously
introduced and he was told about the
note. She expressed her intention to
meet the writer as she felt sure she
had made a "mash."
"By the way," she said, "do you know
the gentleman?" mentioning his name.
E The legal light smiled broadly and
when she asked In a sarcastic way
what seemed to amuse him he laughed
outright.
"What are you laughing at?" she In
dignantly asked.
"Why, the man is as blind as a bat,"
replied the legal light as his sides shook
with la*u°:hter.
The pretty chorus girl was mad clear
through and begged her girl friend and
the gentleman to say nothing about the
note, but the story was too good to
keep and now it is a standing joke
among the members of the company.
The SchooUwusc.
Oh. make the schoolhouse beautiful
• By hill and plain and sea!
Delight within and bloom without —
Picture and flower and tree.
For the boys and girls, while life shall
last.
And 'wherever their Rteps may fare,
"Will remember the lovely, joyous place.
Or the house forlorn and bare.
And the lore they gained, and the pre
cepts heard, *•;,:
And the patriot songs they sung.
Will be treasured still If the spot was
dear \ "/■'■■?
In the days when life was young-
Let the guelder-rose and the lilac bloom
In welcome by the door,
And the turf be green the paths between.
And, above, the bright flag soar;
And plant the elm for its regal shade.
And the pine for Its boughs of balm.
Magnolia with it» lustrous leaves.
And the jasmtne, by the palm;
For tree, and flower, and pleasant song.
And the tale by the pictures told.
Will help full many a youthful heart
To turn life's gray to gold.
Then make the schoolhouse beautiful
By hill and plain and sea.
For the school is shaping, year by year,
The nation yet to be!
— Youth's Companion.
Diana in London.
Time and change are nowhere more
manifest than In the vagaries of Dame
Fashion. For example, let tbe gracious
reader endeavor to obtain a mental
color plate of this lady whom the Lon
don Globe pictured in the riotous splen
dor, of 1S0S. Says the Glooe:
"Yesterday the park and Kensington
Gardens were thronged with elegant
company. The belles displayed antique
and unique fashion. The beaux . ex
hibited the scarlet vest trimmed with
broad ■ fur and sold lace. Among' the
oddities, a lady excited general admira
tion; she appeared like a nymph of
Diana's train ready for the chase. Her
mantel of blue velvet was ornamented
by the skin of a leopard; her cap dls-
played the American .rat's skin, her
tippet once covered an Arctic bear, and
her sandals were laced with thongs
made from the hide of the Morocco
goat. She was accompanied by a fe
male whose appearance was equally
striking. A hat curiously vandyked
and lined with crimson, a puce-colored
velvet pelisse, spotted with ermine, and
fawn-colored gaiters, made her appear
a most interesting figure.**
The Highest Raihvay.
One of the most interesting trips af
forded by the present transportation
facilities of Peru is that over the Oroyo
Railroad, which now runs from Call:io
to the gold fields of Cerro de Pasco.
It Is considered" one of tne -wonders in
the Peruvian world, and the original
contract was taken by Mr. Melggs at
$27,600,000 in bonds at 79. It Is cer
tainly the greatest feat of railroad en
gineering in either hemisphere, and as
a specimen of American enterprise and
workmanship it suffers nothing by com
parison. It was begun in 1S70 and fin
ished in 1S76, and additional work has
since been done on it. Commencing in
Callao, it ascends the narrow valley
of the Rimac. rising nearly 500O feet
in the first forty-six miles. Thence it
goes through the intricate gorges .of
the Sierras till it tunnels the Andes at
an altitude of 15.645 feet, the highest
point in the world where a piston rod
•is moved by steam. The wonder is dou
bled on remembering that the eleva
tion is reached in seventy-eight mile?.
One, of the most remarkable things in
connection with this road is that be
tween the coast and summit there is
not an inch of down grade. The diffi
culties encountered in its construction
were extreme — landslides, fallfng bowl
ders, soroche (or the difficulty of
breathing ih high altitudes) and ver
rugas, a disease known only along the
line of this road, characterized by a
species of warts breaking! out all over
the body and bleeding. About 8000
workmen were engaged at one time,
and between seven and eight thousand
persons died or were killed in the con
struction of the road.
Answers to Queries.
CATCH QUESTION — Subscriber.
City. This department does not an
swer catch questions, nor questions in
arithmetic, nor solve problems.
LIBRARY WORK— R. S., City. If
there is any school in San Francisco in
which a person can attend a course in
library work it must be a private one.
IN A RESTAURANT — Subscriber.
City. When a gentleman accompanies
a lady to a restaurant it is his place
to ask the lady what she desires and
to give the order to the waiter.
NAVAL. ACADEMY— A. S. W., Oak
land, Cal. A youth of the proper age
who desires to enter the Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis should communicate
with the Congressman of the district in
which he lives.
ESCORTING A LADY — Subscriber.
City. A modern work on etiquette
says: ".At all times the man walks on
that side of a woman companion on
which he can afford her the greatest
protection from danger or obstacles,
therefor he may give her the right or
the left arm indifferently."
STREET ETIQUETTE— M. J., Apple
gate, Cal. If a gentleman meets a lady
who Is merely an acquaintance before
addressing her he should wait until she
recognizes him. If the lady is a friend
or one who has met the gentleman on a
number of occasions then It matters not
which, on meeting, speaks first.
NAVAL FORCES— Subscriber, Berke
ley, Cal. The following show the names
of the principal nations of the world
and the numerical strength of their
navies: Russia — 383 vessels for effec
tive service, 120 miscellaneous vessels,
62.715 officers and men; Great Britain —
336, 627, 97,734; Italy— 346, 99, 23.411;
France— 344, 240, 55,677; United States—
151. 61. 33,850; Austria-Hungary— 133. 42,
14,643; Germany — 110, 98, 33. 90S;
Japan — 74, 33, 16,046.
ALIENS— Subscriber, Pleasanton, Cal.
The constitution of California .has the
following in relation to aliens and real
estate: "Foreigners of the white race
or of African descent eligible to become
citizens of the United States under the
naturalization laws thereof while bonu .
fide residents of this State shall have
the" same rights in respect to the acqui
sition, possession, enjoyment, transmis
sion and inheritance of all property
other than real estate as native-born
citizens."
NATURALIZATION — Subscriber.
City. If a boy 2 years of age, born
of Germany parents in Germany/ is
brought to the United States by his
parents ;and during his minority his
father becomes a citizen of the United
States, that boy. by virtue of his father's
naturalization, becomes a citizen of
the United States. If his father doea
not become a citizen " tha,t boy on at
taining his majority, if he wishes to
become an American citizen, must ap
ply for naturalization papers.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for. Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call taldg •
Special, information supplied dally td
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). a» Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ••ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
Endorsed bu People
of National Rep-
utation.
Congressman, Government
Officials, Mauors, G,
A, R, Veterans
CUBED
Bu Paw- Paw, Are Glad to
Testify So That Others
Will Benefit,
The prfat ben-
A£j2i£_t em which my
Paw - Paw has
"*5F*><itirn'j?\ t*?en to the sick
rftSw-t^f'^JSti - vw and suffering all
vn!n& fl A/fts in modest cir-
vv^ u \t H oumstances. In
_-«K*jTiMff^^i*'rTai^ #st walk's of life
wTrKp 6JUJb^*** Rnd in official
41 ty^XtJF* ££0&~^ surh cures of
B^**^g Dyspepsia. Indl-
,i jg eestion. Catarrh,
IH^, Xervousn esa.
V<{_^S^ fc ,/ l-&~\ Sleeples sness
**^^>X,fci?A^'SFZZr\. an<i General De-
bility as to call
"SWftHiSJv?^^*%~^ forth the most
V>*-,r><_ x^^li~-* enthusiastic
tkaI'S stark praise and en-
dorsement. They
speak in no uncertain termc, but come
out frankly anJ say that they consider
Paw-Paw the greatest remedy that has
ever Iwn placed within reach of suffer-
ers from any form of stomsch trouble, i
anjr j.crvous disease or sleeplessness^ —
MUXYOX.
Rezd. What Some of Them Say:
Son. Kitt Gould. Chicaro. representa-
tive of lite 3rd Senatorial District, and
for four years the attorney for the State
Beard of Pharmacy of Illinois, says: "I ]
have been a great sufferer from catarrh
of the Ftomach. dyspepsia and indiges-
tion, which completely upset my nervous
system. Munyon'8 Paw-Paw has driven
<>ut these uistrr-»«sing' ailments and has
restored all my old time euet'gy and vim. ]
!t is a m&rvfious remedy."
The Scncrable Samnel w. Zt&ne of
Autusta, 5Se.. is a national risure o f such
prominence that h<» needs no introduction
at our hands. He says: "I am pleased to
<?tate that 1 have been usinpr Munyon's
Paw-Paw for two months with the great-
est tonefjt- I have h*»^n a sufferer for
forty y<>ars with Malaria and Dyspepsia. '
' und for the cure of the latter I consider
Paw-Pan- absolutely unequaled."
Capt&ls Charles A. De Araani. Wash- ,
higto;.. U, C. ihe man of whom Presi-
dent Lincoln said. "Congress and th«» na- i
ti"!i owes Captain De Arnaud a debt of
gratitude for his services to General j
Grant." and whose rir.map** suit for $200.- :
000 agaiuFt General Farnsworth will be;
tried this week; says: "I was a great '
sufferer irom vertijro and could hardly :
walk. A Grand Army comrade induced \
mo to try Paw -Paw. and the results have j
been marvelous. I d^sir** to thank you in I
JrehaJf of all sufferers for the good you ;
are doing:.'* , j
If you have dyspepsia. Try it.
If pou%re nervous. Try it.
If you are despondent. Try it.
If you arc weak and run down. Try it. j
Cast away all tonics, all medicines and
all stimulants and let Munyon'n Paw- |
Paw make you well. It will lift you into i
the high altitudes of hopp and hold you j
there. It will give exhilaration without ■
intoxication.
Sold by ell druggists. Large brittle. $1. j
Paw-Paw Lixative Pill!?, 25c a bottle.
Tou mfij- safely r«-ly on my
Special $1.00 Knife
Kad<> of finest material*: ha» three or four
blaart— according to your choic«> — every
lilarV warrant«-d to be of b"st temn*r»<l
¥to»\ I carry one of the largest and [
.-hotcoft selection* of cutlery in «be city. |
All tte»"t make s> — WoFtenholm'e, Jordan 8,
BenefceK Stiletto and other!^
MY «2.O« RAZOR If A worM beater. I
aloo rarrv many nth*-r prade*. Including
J^FTAR SAFKTt IIAZOR at S1.5O—
rc«!ue»-d Jrrun $2.Of>.
BCXS8OBS a* lew in pr!<~e as 25c.
RAZOR STROPS from Zte up.
Cveo barf William*' K>c Shaving Soap. |
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAST PITTS,
F. XF1 PITT?, the Ftationer.
X008 Market Street. abor« FeweU.
Fan Kranctsco.
■pi |
I Good Cooking
st home— not dear cootrng— but 1
<>"onoinical and appetizing cooking j
is made possible in every kitchen by
using a little
Extract of Beef
'g- ...__ \™L
J5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
kuSEUB OF -flBflTOHYf
h CS itatisxsi-si.ui.stit7a.BJ.ca. A
\ ]X^ The Larrnn Kiatamial Mcscbbi in «be \
A j\t, AVocld. w«rk*CT«e» «r ii.jr '-oantcrd Q
" /■;•*! 23"j iiicj^c p»»l«l»«-lj r «-«r«^|ij'(i.e oklfil T
A gfj, >"^/ on the Celt'- tit. 36 jrors. G
/5 A&)£*b CR - JCEDAS-DISEASES OF KEH A
" t»<Ct^?% CosM'rr.fioo free «nd -rtrir-y printr. \
X f VSSST Tnmnl ftrrsmntUr — *T »«ter. A Q
Y a ft J\ ftotitiv* Cm* 12 crery c«r.e xm&emVcn. T
A B if II , Wrf« r« »»t rtuLmnormt mt A
Q V H hV B&nsucc, mailed ntu. UV
\ Jl 1J book Ut m>-»\ A
Q j-bl jtfCDIS A CO.. I0S1 Market 8t-.8>. F. V
WOULD PROTECT
COMMONWEALTH
Australian Parliament to Or
ganizc Country's Military
Defenses in lLurry-Lp Order
COLONIES WILL BE READY
Crop Returns in Antipodes
Are Keeping Up— Large Im
migration to New Zealand
There is much popular interest, in the
work that will be done by the Austra
lian Parliament, which meets in March.
The capital question and the arbitra
tion acts, important as they are, will
{ give place to the question of Austra
lian defense in view of the war now in
progress between Russia and Japan.
On this subject the Sydney Herald, a
few' days before the war in the Orient
began, said editorially : \
It is not unlikely that the question of Aus
tralian defense will enter upon a new phase,
either before or soon after the Commonwealth
Parliament meets in March." Should war break
out in the Far Host there will naturally be
much disoussicn an to the condition of each
State's forces and equipment, and the problem
of how to organize our defenses in a hurry
will give politicians and people much to think
about. The trouble, of court«e, always Is that
munitions of, wr.r are like sold in ordinary
business; everybody can do without them until
everybody is arming. Nobody demands gold
i until everybody is rushing to the banks for it,
1 and creating a panic thereby. Yet In defense
munitions of war are but part of the diffi
culty. The finest equipment In the world
would be useless withan enemy hammering at
our gates ur.li'm th«>re had been beforehand the
careful planning of master minds to Insure a
euecefisful mobilization of the forces at our
disposal, and as a corollary the careful train
ing of both the permanent forces and the mi
litia, or citizen soldiery. The one thing that
Mr. Watson and his colleagues have failed to
grasp in this connection is the vital Importance
of a-l.rain to whatever may b« established aa
an Australian army.
XOT IX HOPEFUL. MOOD.
The Federal Postoffice Department is
not in a very hopeful mood regarding
the tenders it has invited for the Eng
lish mail service, as may pe seen from
the fact that is has postponed until
February 15 the time up to which these
tenders may be received. The condi
tions shut out the two best equipped
lines, the P. and O. and the Orient.
The Sydney Morning Herald regrets
the news that the P. and O. Company
will not tender for the new Anglo-
Australian mail service.
For many years, more than fifty indeed.
Eince the Ohusan first ran. that company and
its familiar flag have been a valuable and at
one time an almost indispensable link between
Australia and the old land. It has carried on
Us service, like the Orient Company, efficiently
and well. Regular fast mail service hag "been
maintained between the two hemispheres, a
comfortable and safe means of sea-traveling
has been provided, and the peoples of these
States have learned to trust and esteem the
two companies. The cause of the rupture is
the clause in the postal act forbidding con
tracts with steamship companies employing
colored c-ew«. To the Labor party, which
procured the insertion of the veto, it doe9 not
greatly matter how the mail* are carried, or
what delays occur, or what cost results, so
long as effect is given to a view which In the
present csse is purely sentimental. It cannot
matter to Australian seamen whether ocean
going ship* 1 carry white or black crews, seeing
that both receive less thqn Australian rates of
pay. Any one who has seen the mails shipped
— it is an operation which sometimes takes
hours — musst perceive that to the public- gen
*rai:y tjuick transit is important. Yet. under
the changed arrangrements. Australia will lone
the benefit Cf The fast 'service between Brin
dlsi and Port 'Said — the service of which ap
parfntlj' accounts for P. and O. mails always
being delivered & day earlier than mails by
the Naples route.
Crop returns are keeping up to the
expect at ion«. but how much profit will
accrue to the farmer is another ques
tion.
The caterpillar pest has somewhat
abated, but the butterflies and white
ants show up yet in immense numbers.
STEW ZEALAND REJOICKS.
While Australia is bewailing the fall
ing off in the number of immigrants
to her shores. New 'Zealand is rejoic
ing in a steady and increasing stream
of newcomers attracted 'hither by the
many advantages offered there for set
tlement. The excess of arrivals over
departures last year was 11,275, as
against 7992 the year before. Of this
number nearly 10,000 came from Aus
tralia, and the influx from the com
monwealth still continues, every boat
arriving from Sydney and Melbourne
bringing a large contingent of intend
ing settlers and artisans in quest of
employment.
The over Rea tourist traffic is also
quite large this season.
That the San Francisco mail route is
the best for the whole of New Zealand •
is once more exemplified by the ar
rival of the Sierra on January IS vith
the British mails which left London
on December 19, while the mails via
Suez, which left London on December
11 (eight days before the Sierra's mails) ,
have net yet reached Auckland, nor
are they likely to do so for several
days.
The Premier hag received a cable
from the Agent General, stating thut
the Foreign Office has authorized thi
British Charge d'Affalres in Mexico to
sign a postal convention under which
letters from New Zealand shall pay
penny postage instead of 2*4d.
New Zealand made a pc-od .showing
in all agricultural and industrial lines
last year, and her gold production was
over $10,150,000. The increase is more
especially from the quartz mines."
NOTED TRAVELER TELLS
' TALES OF INDIAN LIFE
Hgcrton Young Entertains a Large
Audience at Y. M. C. A. Audi
torium With Discourse.
Egerton Young, noted as a traveler
In the frozen north and a teacher
among the Indian tribes there, de
livered the second of his lectures on
the Indians of Canada at the Young
Men's Christian Association audi
torium last night. Mr. Young proved
to be an entertaining speaker, with a
good delivery and a keen wit. His
lecture was profusely illustrated with
stereopticon views.
As an introduction to his discourse
Mr. Young told a few stories illustrat
ing the peculiar wit of the Northern
Indians and explained a number of
their strange habits and customs. He
dwelt at 'length upon the splendid
mission founded in the northern part
| of Manitoba and told what an import
ant bearing it had upon the civiliza
tion and education of the Indians of
the surrounding tribes.
Mr. Young's short stories and anec
dotes of Indian life were particularly
food and brought forth rounds of ap
plause and laughter from the large au
dience. The stereopticon views were
entirely new and out of the ordinary
and helped the audience follow the
speaker in a great measure.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL," THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1004.
WILKINSON
IS CALLED
BY DEATH
THOMAS WILKINSON. FOR
MER WARDEN AT FOLSOM,
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.'
Former Warden of State
Prison at Folsom
Passes Away.
OAKLAND, Feb. 24.— Thomas Wil
kinson, former Warden of the State
penitentiary at Folsom, died at 2:30
o'clock this morning at his residence,
1123 Fifth av*enue, after a week of ill
ness from heart disease.
The former Warden was born in
England in 1837. When 14 years old
he came to the United States, settling
at Buffalo, N. Y., where he lived for
many years, becoming a well-to-do
citizen. Among his intimate friends
was Grover Cleveland, former Presi
dent of the United States.
In 1876 Wilkinson, with his family,
came to California and made Oakland
his home for many years, residing at
Highland Park. For several years he
was engaged in the lumber business
and also had mining interests. Later
he entered politics and was appointed
commissary at the State penitentiary
at San Quentin, occupying that re
sponsible position until 1899, when he
was chosen Warden at Folsom to suc
ceed the late Charles Aull.
As Warden Wilkinson was the head
center of attack during the convicts'
break last July. A bunch of the
escaping felons compelled the official
to accompany them for a mile and a
half during their flight. But, the run
aways released the Warden after strip
ping him of his civilian's garments.
Wilkinson was severely criticized
for the break, but his freinds defended
the Warden and declared he was not
responsible. It was admitted after all
was over that Wilkinson was not a
strong executive man, though he pos
sessed a sterling honesty in conducting
the prison affairs that commended him
to the Prison Directors.
, After his resignation in November
Wilkinson returned to Oakland for a
home. Here he resided with his daugh
ter. Miss Antoinette Wilkinson, who
had been his companion during his
wardenship. A son, Albert E. Wilkin
son, is the only other surviving mem
ber of the family.
The funeral will be held Friday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from the
Fifth-avenue residence.
Oldest Woman in Chicago Dies.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— Sophia Gab,
whose birth antedated the Revolution
ary War, if her assertions were cor
rect, and who was supposed to have
been the oldest woman in Chicago, Is
dead at the Home for Aged and In
firm Colored Peopre. She was 129
years old.
According to the woman's state
ments she was born in Virginia in
POSTUM CEBEAL.
Take a LOOK
right at
your own
hinders the
STOMACH .
and BRAIN
of many a man and
woman.
Try leaving it off To
days and use
Postum
"THERE'S A REASON."
Look for the miniature bodk, "The
Road to Wellville." in each Dkg.
MENTION DICK
FOR CHAIRMAN
Friends of Ohio Congressman
Urge Him for Head of Re
publican National Committee
SEVERAL IN THE FIGHT
Senator Penrose of Pennsyl
vania, and Scott of West Arir
ginia Also Being Considered
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— There has
been considerable discussion around the
Senate and House about the probable
successor to Senator Hanna as chair
man of the Republican National Com
mittee and the names of Senator Scott
of West Virginia, Senator Penrose of
Pennsylvania and Representative Dick
of Ohio are most frequently mentioned.
A suggestion also is made that Senator
Aldrich no doubt would be connected
with the committee in some capacity?
probably as chairman of the finance
committee. It is said of both Senator
Scott and Representative Dick that
they were closer politically to Senator
Hanna than any other men, and having
been through two national campaigns
with him knew more about his methods
and his connection with national poli
tics than any other man.
Colonel Swords, who for a long time
was sergeant-at-arms of the national
■committee, recently wrote a letter to
Senator Scott concerning Senator Han
na, in which he said:
In the last conversation I had with Senator
Hanna, Just before he went to Ohio prevlou*
to his election, and the last time he was in
New York. I congratulated him upon appoint-
InK you as chairman of the subcommltte on
arranging for the convention In Chicago, .and
he Raid: "Scottle. he knows more about run
ning a national convention than any other man
In the country and he Is closer to me than
an:- other friend I have. He is a great big
hearted fellow, as good aa gold and as true as
eteel, and I cherish him as one of my. best
friends.
It is believed that Elmer Dover, pri
vate secretary of the late Senator Han
na, will be chosen secretary of the com
mittee.
DICK IS NOMINATED
AS HAN'XA'8 SUCCESSOR
Olilonn Is Chosen for Both Unexpired
ami Regular Terms by Re
publican Caucus.
COLUMBUS, Qhio, Feb. 24. — Charles
Dick was nominated by acclamation
for both the unexpired and regular
terms for United States Senator to suc
ceed the late Senator Hanna at the
caucus of the Republican members of
the Legislature to-night. The name
of Mr. Dick was the only^one pre
sented. As the Republicans have a
large majority In both branches Dick's
election Is assured and the balloting
on March 1 will be only a formality.
In the caucus 109 Republican mem
bers answered the roll call, two Sena
tors and six Representatives being
absent.
TWO WOMEN BURNED
WIIIL»E ' USING GASOLINE
In Cleanine, Gloves Victims Come In
Contact With an Oil 'Stove and 'L
Itoth Are Injured.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 24.— Mrs. T. L.
Neely and her daughter, Mrs. Eva
Kruse, received painful burns Tuesday
evening while cleaning a pair of gloves.
Mrs. Neely was using gasoline and the
daughter put the gloves on her hands
to allow them to dry. Just as she had
pulled the gloves on, an oil stove began
making trouble, and the woman went
to attend it with the gasoline saturated
gloves on her hands. Evidently she
came too near the fire and her hands
were soon ablaze. In attempting to put
out the fire Mrs. Neely also burned her
hands. Her dress caught fire and be
fore it could be extinguished she had
*been paiufully burned about the nos
trils, upper lip and chin. The hands
of Mrs. Kruse were frightfully burned,
as the tight-fltting gloves were thor
oughly soaked with the fluid, and she
has suffered terribly from the Injuries.
1775, before the Declaration of In
dependence. She lived on the planta
tion where she was born until freed by
the proclamation of President Lin
coln.
Lincoln Republican Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24. — Colonel J.
A. Nunez, one of the delegates to the
convention at Chicago which nomi
nated Abraham Lincoln for the Presi
dency, Is dead at his home in Brook
lyn. He was born in Philadelphia,
where he was admitted to the bar, and
later practiced law in San Francisco.
After the Civil War he took up his
profession in Louisville, Ky. In 1880
Colonel Nunez was appointed Consul
at Cardenas, Cuba, and served four
years.
Captain Bacon Dead.
A telegram was received in this city
yesterday announcing the | death in
New York City of Captain Francis W.
Bacon, who years ago was quite prom
inent in the National Guard, having
at one time held the position of cap
tain of one of the batteries of the
Light Artillery. .
Pioneer Chairmaker Is Dead.
GARDNER, Mass., Feb. 24. — Seth
Haywood, a member of the original
firm of chair manufacturers, who built
up the industry that has made Gard
ner widely known as the chair town,
is dead. He was 91 years of age.
Financier of Note Answers Last Call.
. BALTIMORE, Feb. 24.— Charles F.
Mayer, formerly president of the Bal
timore and Ohio Railroad, died to-day,
aged 10. Mayer was for many years a
leading financier, in Baltimore, a large
coal mine owner and director in sev
eral banking institutions.
Army Cliaplaln Passes Away.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24. — Chaplain
Thomas W. Berry,' U. S. A., died at
Fort Monroe, Va., to-day. He was
boru in Canada and entered the army
from* Kansas.
Famous Rifle Irfventor Is Dead.
BRANFORD, Conn., Feb. 24.—
James Paris Lee, inventor of the Lee
rifle, died to-night at Port Bsach, aged
71; years.
Easy to ' buy. easy to make, good to
drink is Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast. •
MORMONS WILL
TALK OF SMOOT
Dignitaries of the Salt Lake
Church Have $eeu Called
to Washington to Testify
JOSEPH SMITH WANTED
In . the Contest to Unseat
Utah Man Apostles Will Be
Asked About Senator's Status
SALT LAKE. Utah, Feb. 24.— Several
of the highest officials of the Mormon
church have been summoned to Wash
ington to' testify before the Subcom
mittee on Privileges and Elections of
the United States Senate, which is to
conduct an investigation into the status
of Senator Reed Smoot of Utah. -
United States Marshal Heywood to
day received from Washington sub
penas for fourteen Utah witnesses
whose testimony is desired by the com
mittee. Up to a late hour to-night the
marshal has served but four of the
subpenas. The persons served to-day
are Apostle John Henry Smith, Apos
tle Hiram M. Smith, Apostle Francis
M. Lyman and Andrew Jensen, church
historian.
Although Heywood declines to divulge
the names of other witnesses subpe
naed, it is generally understood that Jo-
Beph F. Smith, president of the Mormon
church, is among the persons whose
testimony is desired*and that /papers
will be served on him to-morrow.
CHARLES WAKDItIP MUST
PAY DEATH PENALTY
Sacramento Man Will Be Hanged' for
the Murder of Hugh Duffy
• in 1902.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 24.— Charles
Wardrip will be executed at San Quen
tin next Friday at 10:30 o'clock. The
crime for which Wardrip will pay the
death penalty is that of a murder com
mitted at Sacramento February 17,
1902. He was attempting to rob a house
occupied by a family named Bartel.
The Bartels were away, but their
neighbor, Hugh Duffy, saw Wardrip
enter the house and at once went over
to Investigate. He broke down the
door and was immediately shot down
by Wardrip. The case of young Ward
rip was appealed to the Supreme Court,
but the court confirmed the verdict of
the lower court. Wardrip has been in
San Quentin since August, 1902.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
xhzt
QJJpSTION
JSff I Is Your Office
! that our prices
! legiilf jl ar e way down on
WmS DESKS, settle that
I question. If you
fSfif I want any kind of
IHl OFFICE FURNI-
BSH TURE, substan-
B^ dally built and
hB conveniently ar-
K^S ranged, here is -
where to decide.
\£-h§2b? You wil! find our
prices rieht. I
Geo.H.Fu!lerDeskCo.
m 646-650 Mission St.
jy^PJT 1^ — ■^^jUlti
kqe#ihc£9| \ 1 i &*52S?-5
nSeH^l '•?' rSfrJaa
I "CRESWELL" 1
1 ARROW COLLAR I
B QUARTER SIZES. 16 CENTS EACH, H
k| two ron 25 cents. H
|l CLUETT, FEABODY A CO., l|
g| MAKtWS Of CLUETT AND MOftAUCH (HIRT* §1
" \ j '■ ~ ~ ! ~~*
/^K IMPROVED /i'SS
' 'MS ( Eyeglasses M
{j Spectacles t]
Always Remember the Fall .Ngnse
CcreSaColdtaOneDay, Grip ui 2 Days
vS?» >£-"!C4CTP%l%40* box. 25c
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
t atalogue and Price LisU Matla 1
on Application.
FBtSE AND SALT MEATS.
I4C CHVPQ £ Tft Shipping-" Butchers. IOS
JAj. DUIEj ft Wv. day. Tel. Main 1204.
OIXS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ETLLIS,
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PKiirrnsro.
F. C. fiUGSESb ' Sli Sansome at..* S. F.
; APVKaTigEMEirr&
)w ffa * 'It
■ \ AMUSEMENTS.
AT r\ A rj A TtBetasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR E pr r^
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Sat. and Son.
A GREAT LAUGHING HIT!
"Real Solid Laughter." — Post.
The Wrong; «-
Mr. Wright *~
• BRIMFUL OF MERRIMENT.
Evgs., 25c to 75c. Matj.. Sat. & Sun., 2.V to 60c
NEXT MONDAY— J. K. Jerome's Comedy.
As Played By lUiee HORRQ
Annie Ku««ell. "UOO HUDDO
MONDAY. MARCH 14— PARSIFAL.
Market Street. 'Near Eighth. .Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT- ALL THIS WEEK.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Mammcth Oriental Spectacle.
KING OF THE
OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Gorgeous Scenery!
Panorama of San Francisco Bay!
The Optum Dens of Chinatown!
Human Ladder of Acrobatic Chinks!
PDIfTC Evenlnys 10c to 80c
I A1WC3 Matinee* 16c. 15c. 23c
Next— A BRSAK FOR LIBERTY.
CALIFORNIA
4&& TO-NIGHT
UT W. C. NANKEVILLES
M Successful Melodrama. t*|
I ..HUMAN HEARTS.. I
p An Idyl of the Arkansas HM». M
I NEXT SUNDAY g
rw James A. Heme'a Famous Comedy. «
I SAO HARBOR |
S Exceptionally Stron* Cast. =
H Ser.ts now -^Uing. ||
l^ni 1IM9I A m nM0SOTS
yiJ LUffljSIA iwjaa wuia
Limited Ttour and Farewell Appearance*.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(Himself) in the greatest of all rural plays,
Wiffhtly, THE This W«ek
Including /%§ F% <md
Sunday. ( it t gj \ Wext Weelc. j
HOMESTEAD.
MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
March 7— "THE SILVER SLIPPER."
TIV0UR&
POSITIVELY LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MONDAY,. FEBRUARY 29
THE GYPSY BARON
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIC. DOMEIMICO RUSSO
The. Favorite Tenor.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCER
Usual Popular Prices 25o. 60c and 7.V
Box Seats <l-<»>
hewi Hrevn inswi
LA BOH EM E.
President HOX. GEO. ALPERS
Treasurer D. B. FAKTOU
Director o« Amusements LOUIS N. RITZAU
AST ELEGANT NEW PA3H1Y COH-
CEET HALL A2TI> CATS,
106-108 OTarrtU St.
: (Between Stockton and Powell)
GRAND OPENING.
THURSDAY EVENING February 2*
OUR ATTRACTIONS:
LOUIS N: RITZAU' S AMERICAS LADIES*
ORCHESTRA in Concert Numbers. A Vocal
and Vaudeville Programme by First-Class Tal-
ent. GEORGE and LAURA LEWIS in Their
Humorous Act, "The Human Scarecrow"*;
MISS MARTHA HERBERT, German and
American Soubrette; MISS MAE TUNISON,
the California Nlrhtingale; PAUL. SONNEN-
BERG STANLEY, the Famed Bntertalner;
MISS JESSIE BROWN, Terpslchorean Artiste.
•EVERY. EVENING. MATINEE SUNDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
Racing !pfi^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
— Commencing: February 22.
Racine Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:M,
1:00. 1:30 or 2 & clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immedtatelr after th« last race.
•^ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Prestdtut
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
PalflfJ* OONPT FAIL TO
LiliaWV Ke an beautiful
j COURT Lottn£»ag
flflfl room, tha EMPIRE
i auu PARLOR, tho
; r j PALM ROOM, the
iff/lflU LOUIS XV PAR.
ah aim lqj^ and the ltKm
U j, f DIES' WRITINa
noteis room -
AJttUSEMEUTS.
Watch T~ c'j onnlRf
The !
KEEP TOUR ETE OS
' RQL'V POLY
The Musical Comedy TMt G>ts Away With An
Others.
A Show That Is a Show.
"RAMOXA" and "DORA." two bli ion* hit*
Oim- "All Star' Cust. Including KOLJB AND
DILU JOHN PEACHET. BEN T DILLON*.
ALLEN CVRTIS, HELEN Rl'SSJELL. NEL-
LJE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matin***. 33c and 80e.
Monday. March 7— "The ROUNDERS."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
' "~~" — — '
■ "• ' ■ "
Look at the Names!
Filson nnd Errol: Giranl and Gard-
ner; Georse \\. Day ami Morris and
Bmven. La*t times of the Eight
Vassar Girl*; Werner - Amnro*
Trojipe; Harry Thomson, and Or-
pheum Motion Pictures, Illustrat-
ing Longfellow's "Hiawatha."
Resrnlar Matliu^a every Wedn«Kday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 23«
and 60c.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The Young Irish S!n£lni Comedian
THOMAS J. SMITH
la Coo T. Murphy's Comedy Dram*
THE GAMEKEEPER
WEEK BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MHIREE,
F=-RMISIC BACON
In the Successful Comedy Drama.
THE HILLS OF CALIFORNIA.
PBlCfS asSS::::::::::.ff:.a S? %
THE KILTIES
THE GREATEST BAND OF ALL.
And th«
Famous C'an Johnstons Troops of Oinesrt.
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Last Four Nights
MATS. To-Morrow, Saturday md Sunday.
Every lady at Saturday matinee preaented with
a handsome Album, containing words aa4
. music of Scotch songs.
SATURDAY NIGHT, RAGTIME SMOKER
POPULAR PRICES.
Seats on Sale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'m.
Hl*h-Cla»« Bpedaltlw Srtry Atttmoom
and Evening 1 In tht THorcraflily
Heattd Tbntax.
TO-JTXOHT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
— — Concluding With ■
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE THE CH1NE8E BABY QIRI, IN THB
INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN *•
When Fhonln? Ask for *Tna Chutes. '
aflSCELIiAXEOTJS. »
WA5HED I CLEAN.
You Know What You Want
In laundry work— clothes washed clean.
Just enough bluing to remove the ••yel-
low streak," Jnat enough starch to give
body and polish, Ju3t tbp right sort of
ironing to make collars, cuffs and shirts
hold their own. Co you tret it? If not.
why not. when that is the sort of laun-
■ dering.done by us? Work called for and
delivered.
No saw edges. _____
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orncrn loo* zkasjcs? stueet, ,
Near Powell.
! f£] Phen* Sonta 430.
ASTHMA CURED
To stay cured. H< ahh restore;!. Attacks cev«r
> return. Write for Hock 60. free to any Asthma
or Hay Fever sufferer. Addresa P. UAROLJJ
< HAYES/ Buffalo N. Y. *
G^PATENTS* J
NbP^330 MARKET ST. 3.F.SS^
910
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE COURSING FIELD
DATE SULLIVAN
IN GOOD FORM
Finishes His Heavy Work and
Now Awaits the Tap of the
Gong on Xext Monday Night
EASILY JUKES TEE WEIGHT
Looks Like a Clever Fighter,
With Punch in Both Hands,
and Is Fast on His Feet
The approaching ring engagement
between Young Corbett and Dave Sul
livan should prove a far. better one than
most followers of the game imagine.
At least It will be if Sullivan's appear
ance and physical condition count for
anything. Dave is ready for battle.
H<» is down to wfight and confident of
victory ar.d if he does not win he will
fit least lead the champion a rapid pace
l<«r many rounds. Corbett says he
thinks it will take him longer to defeat
Sullivan than it will to stop Britt,
whose colors he expects to lower.
Sullivan is comfortably installed in
liis training quarters at Croll's gardens,
and waiting: the tap of the
punp. His work is practically finished,
for he has already made the required
■wriprht and his breathing apparatus Is
pood— better in fact he says than at
■ny other time during his career in
the ring.
The -wet weather of the last few days
has not been at all aeroeable to the
little fellow, yet with all that he has
fccen taking his regular spins on the
mad. YpFterday morning he went ten
miles with Frar.k Rafael and after the
run had a rub down and took a few
punches at the bac
In the afternoon he lo!I«»d around for
a while and then started in at the bas
Rgain. He gave a fast exhibition of
footwork and hit the leather some ter
rific wallops that mad? the small crowd
<-f admirers rheer and call for some
more action. Then he did a little prac
tice bout with Jimmy Barry and his
day's work was finished.
Sullivan is a likely looking chap, with
well-knit frame and Js possessed of the
Renuine fighting face. He is nicely
muscled and has a long- reach for a
Fmall man. He appears a cool headed
chap — one who refuses to worry or be
worried by any one.
His footwork seems to be one of his
star characteristics. He can spin
around on the tips of his toes and shift
to almost any' position at will. His
best punch appears to be a low one to
ih* 1 stomach that has a deal of steam
behind it, though he uses both hands
in a manner that would lead one to
believe that he has a. good wallop In
ei'.her of them.
Sullivan says he will do no more
boxing in training. He finished up with
t ho "gloves on Tuesday afternoon and
■will devote the remainder of his time
to road work and a little light work
in the gymnasium, such as punching
the bag and shadow boxing. Yesterday
afternoon he tipped the scales at 129
pounds and says he will enter the ring
on Monday night at that weight.
The- big- boxinjf tournament of the
Olympic Athletic Club opens in its
pymnasium to-night. The entry list
is a particularly heavy one and great
pport is promisc-d.
There are three entries in the
heavyweight class. There are two
Jack Sullivans. together with Sam
Berger. One of the Jacks is said to
be a ringer and his record will be
carefully scanned before he is allowed
to pull on a glove. The club officials
have had one experience of this kind
and want to prevent a recurrence.
The San Francisco Athletic Club
and all the boxers who took part in
the <lub's recent exhibition were sus-
Ti«?ndec! last night by the registration
committee of the Pacific Athletic As
sociation. The new association, which
.-ispume? to govern boxing, has al
ready sanctioned a bout of five
rounds, whjrh all amateur laws pro
hibit.
TRENTON. N. J.. Feb. 24.— Application ha*
►••♦ii made in the Court of Chancery for the
• nwintmeDt of a r«-eiver for .the Supreme
I-o<Jie Knight* and I. .-•;,*?■ o: the Golden
Star ani to com»*I the supreme officers to
rrak« an accounting.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
b Never
I More
MANY BOXERS OF PROMINENCE
WILL APPEAR AT SAUSALITO
Spider Welch and Rudolph Grossman to Meet in Twenty-
Round Fight, While "Corbett," Britt, Neil, and Other
Stars of the Prize Ring Will Be Seen in Action
BOXERS WHO ARE TO TAKE PART IN THE PRINCIPAL FIGHT
AT SAUSALITO ON SATURDAY NIGHT; IN THE Bid ATHLETIC
CARNIVAL FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE FIRE DEPARTMENT.
SAUSALITO, Feb. 24.— Arrangements
have been practically completed for the
handling of the big crowd which is
expected here o-n Saturday night, the
27th inst., for the boxing tournament
which will be held under the auspices
of the Sausalito Fire Department.
This picturesque town is practically
without fire protection and the need
of a department has become imperative.
This has been organized and the pro
ceeds of the boxing tournament will
be devoted to the purchase of a chemi
cal engine with which any fire may
be fought. A programme of excep
tional merit has been arranged and will
be carried out by competent officials.
Eddie Graney will referee the fights;
Billy Jordan, the inimitable master of
ceremonies, will keep matters moving,
while George Hasting, the cleverest of
timekeepers, will hold the watch dur
ing the various contests.
Boats will leave the foot of Market
street, San Francisco, for this place
at 7 and 8:45 o'clock. The first bout
MANAGER MORIjEY RESIGNS
AS BASEBAIjIj MANAGER
His Action Is Due to Stand Taken by
Pacliic Coast liCa^iie Officials
In Dillon Matter.
LOS AXGELES, Feb. 24.— James F.
Morley, president of the Los Angeles
Baseball Association and manager of
the club, has resigned from those posi
tions. This action was taken at a
called meeting of. the uirectors of the
baseball association to-nlg: -.and is di
rectly due to the stand taken by the
Pacific Coast League officials in the
Dillon matter. Morley has claimed all
along that at the recent conference in
San Francisco it was agreed among
those present that Morley and Hanlon
of the Brooklyn club should settle their
claims upon Dillon's services for the
season of 1904 ' between themselves.
Morley received the following telegram
to-day from President Eugene F. Bert
of the Pacific Coast League:
"League voted by wire to relinquish
Castro, Damman and Dillon. Yours
was o'nly negative vote. This league is
now in organized baseball."
A meeting of the local association
was called immediately and. Morley's
resignation was read. No action was
taken on , the resignation and.it went
over until to-morrow. ■ Vice President
John Brink to-night sent the following
telegram to President Bert:
"Morley ha? resigned at a meeting of
our directors. We decided that- you
had absolutely no authority to award
Dillon, Castro and Damman.. Please
cite your authority. Morley has letter
from Harris saying Dillon matter
would be settled by Morley and Han
lon."
Ryan Defeats Beauscholte.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Feb. 24. —
Tommy Ryan defeated Jack Beausch
olte to-night in the Auditorium rink
in the sixth round of what .was to have
been a ten-round fight. Ryan went
to the floor twice from hard swings in
the first and second rounds, but in the
third and fourth sent Beauscholte to
the floor with right swings on the Jaw.
Again in the fifth he sent Beauscholte
to his knees. He took the count of
eight. Beauscholte was groggy and
was at Ryan's mercy, but was not put
out. In the sixth Beauscholte was in
euch condition that Ryan quit, hit-
Ucf him /and was given the . fight.
THE SAX FRANGISCO CALL. THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25. 1904
will be started at 9 o'clock. A special
boat will leave here for San Fran
cisco Immediately after the contests.
The array of talent is a brllllant'one.
There will be a twenty-round contest
between the hard hitting Spider Welch,
who always puts up a good contest,
and Rudolph Grossman. Among the
other stars whose names appear on the
programme for four-round bouts are
Young Corbett and Billy Otts, Jimmy
Britt and Sam Berger, Frankie Neil
and Frank McDonald, Billy Woods and
Bobby Johnson. Spider Kelly and
George Green, Jimmy Carroll and ( a
pupil, Monte Attell and Caesar Attetl,
Al Xeill and Toby Irwin, Joe Hill and
Patsy Hegan, Cyclone Kelly and Wal
ter Mareno, Rube Smith and Jack
Smith.
The Sausalito Band will enliven the
proceedings .with music during the in
tervals. The tickets, which have been
placed at $1 and 52, are on sale here
at Tom Frost's and in San Francisco
at Harry Corbett's. The contests will
be held in Bucna Vista Pavilion.
T.ACROSSE ENTHUSIASTS
OPPOSE COAST CIRCUIT
British Columbia Association Officials
Believe the Plan Is Not Feasible
Under Present Conditions.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24. — The Amateur
Athletic Union has been planning to
organize a lacrosse association to ex
tend from California to British Colum
bia. It was expected the plan would
go through, but unexpected, obstacles
have appeared and the matter in its
present form will have to be dropped.
British Columbia is the home of la
crosse on the Pacific Coast and as such
is entitled to consideration. The of
ficials of the British Columbia La
crosse Association say it is "hard
enough to get players away from busi
ness to carry out the schedule of their
own league and to make a circuit of
Puget Sound cities and California as
well would be Cut of the question.
A. ai. Stone, formerly of San Fran
cisco, who is living in Seattle, repre
sents the Amateur Athletic Union in
the Pacific Northwest. At present he
is working on a substitute plan.
Field Day Dates Announced.
The officials of the Pacific Athletic
Association have' selected April 23 as
the day and Berkeley oval the place
for their annual field day. The con
tests on this occasion^ will determine
what athletes will represent this coast
at the St. Louis Exposition.
The Stanford-California field day
will be held on April 16 and the Wash
ington-California dual meet . on April
30. The Academic Athletic League
spring meeting will also be held in
ApriL
Singular Birthmark of a Family.
Mrs. Belle Harvey of" Bowers Mills
is one of a family of four living at that
place, each of whom has a curious
birthmark. The family consists of
three sisters and a baby 2 years old.
Each has black hair, with, a large lock
of pure white hair beginning over the
forehead and running backward. The
flesh under this hair also is white and
the white mark runs down upon the
forehead. The entire mark is said to
look like an ostrich plume . laid over
the head of the bearer. The three
sisters are 23, 31 and 19 years old.
The mark is said to "be hereditary *n
their, family.— Kansas City Journal. \
STEMWINDER
BREAKS DOWN
His Baring Machinery Fails to
Withstand High Pressure in
a Six Furlong Handicap
PLATONIUS A WINNER
Beats Columbia Girl a Nose
in One and One Sixteenth
Mile Kace at Ascot Park
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 24. — Two fa
vorites, three second and one third
choice were successful at Ascot to
day. Stemwinder, favorite in the six
furlong handicap, which was the fea
ture of the card, broke down while
leading in the stretch. It will be some
time before he can be trained again.
Glennevis won the race by a neck
from Elfin King, with Warte Nicht
third. The latter might have won had
he been given a proper ride. Grail
galloped home six lengths in front of
her field «in the mile and an eighth
selling race. Platonius, the heavily
played favorite in the mile and a six
teenth event, won by a nose from Co
lumbia Girl. Weather perfect; track
fast. Results:
First race, five furlongs — Felipe Lugo, 115
(Hildebrand), 8 to 6, won; Otto Steifel. 115
(Boland), 4 to 6. second; Rhyl, 112 (Redfern),
« to 1, third. Time, 1:01ft. Picture. Lady
Usk, Barrington, Koee Leaf, Evermore, Samar
and Maude Browne also ran.
Second race, four furlongs — Jerome, 101
(Phillip). 4 to 1, won: Hllona. 107 (Prior), 8 to
1. second; Peggy Mine, 1C5 (Redfern), 5 to 1.
third. Time. :40. Mary Pepper, Buckster
Hodi and Brown Study also ran.
Third race, mile and an eighth — Grail. 107
(Kedfern), even, won; Dypont. 100 (Lewis), 6
to 2, second; Macgyle, 104 (Hildebrand), 10 to
1. third. Time, l:54»i. Ohio Girl, Phyz and
Diamante also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Glennevis. 103
(Redfern), 2 to 1, won; Elfln King, 107 (Hilde
brand). 7 to 2, second; Warte Nicht, 105 (Jack
son). 3 to 1. third. Time. 1:14>4. BUsaful
and Stem Winder also ran.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — PlatonluR.
95 (Lewis), even. won; Columbia Girl, 93
(Johnson), S to 1, second; Silver Fizz, 03 (An
derson), 12 to 1, third. Time, 1:48. Elwood
and His Eminence also ran.
Sixth race, Slauson course — Farmer Jim. 118
(Felcht), 8 to 1, won; Waiter. 112 (Mountain).
2 to 1. second; Sallle Goodwin. 110 (Boland),
8 to 2, third. Time, 1:11. Matronla. Card
wellton. Skirmish, BTaresea, Jim Gore II,
Madame Bishop, Dollie Writhoff, Piquet,
Marta, Mr. Robinson and Eminence II also
ran - * .
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 24. — Crescent City
summary :
First race, selling, mile and three-eighths —
Semper Vlvax won. Trlx second. Miss West
third. Time. 2:21.
Second race, two-year-olds, half mile— Stella
Allen won, Fulbula second. Miss Galore third.
Time. -.43 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Roue won. Count
Emot second. Komombo third. Time. 1:13 2-5.
Fourth" race, handicap, one mile and seventy
yards — Port Royal won, Lou Dorsey second,
N<?w York third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and three
eighths — Gravlna won. Thorneycrott second,
Santn. Teresa third. Time. 2:22 1-5.
Sixth race, «.ix and a half furlongs, selling —
Clannr.ont won. Shortcake i-pcond. Overhand
third. Time. 1:20. . /
FOX-TERRIKR FANCIERS
REXEW PRODUCE STAKES
Competitions for These Events Will
Take Place at the Forthcoming
Show at the Pavilion.
The annual meeting of the Pacific
Fox-Terrier Club was held recently,
when the following officers were elect
ed for the ensuing year:
. C. K. Harley, president; W. W. Moore, first
vice president: K. C. Ford, second vice presi
dent: J. IS. Martin, secretary-treasurer; board
of directors, Dominlck Shannon, Xewton H.
Hlekman, J. P. Urown, W. J. Foster and Ir
ving Ij. Ackerman.
The Produce stakes for 1904 were
renewed and , the following entries
were received:
First division — J. P. Brown's (Riverside.
Cal.) Calrnsmuir Favour tSt. I^eger-IUchmond
I'Uck). whelped January :i. 1903, four pups, two
dogs, by Terence (Don Cesarlo-Dunelm Treas
ure).
C. K. Harley's (San Francisco) "Wandee De
light (Norfolk Victorious-Norfolk Tatters),
whelped April, 19CKt. three pups, two dogs, by
Wandee Bllzzarcl (Blizzard-Pop).
Second division — J. P. Brown'* Calrnsmuir
Favour, whelped August 24. lOCtt. five pups,
one dog, by Garston Prefect (Norfolk Truman-
Elmwood Vas«=ar). ■ • ■
C. K. Harley's Eclipse Blanche (Ben d'Or-
Bedford Birch), whelped June, 1!K)3, three pups,
two dogs, by Wandee Blizzaid.
' I. It. Ackerman's (San Francisco, Cal.) Man
gle the Maid (ch. Matchmaker-Nettle),
whelped July 7. l»0.'J, three pups, two* dogs, by
Humberstone Bristles (Meersbrook Bristles-
Humberstone Weasel).
Domlnick Shannon's fSan Francisco, Cal.)
Scarlet Sage (Scorcher-Lillian Sage), whelpod
May 15, 11MKI, four pups, two dogs, by Norfolk
Truman (Champion Veracity-Norfolk Jewel).
I. L. Ackerman's HumberEtone Daisy (Cun
tator-Meersbrook Llss), whelped August IS,
1903. three pups, one dog. by Champion Hum
berstone Bristles.
I. It, Ackerman's Warren Corinne (Claudian-
Warren Restive), whelped August 4. 1003, six
pups, three dogs, by Forest Flash (Norfolk
Truman-LIUIan Sage).
Competition for these stakes will
take place at the forthcoming show of
the San Francisco Kennel Club at Me
chanics' Pavilion, April 13 to 16.
C. K. Harley offers a valuable trophy
(donor not to compete) for the best
fox-terrier dog in the show.
I. L. Ackerman offers the Humber
stone trophy (donor not to compete)
for the best of the opposite sex to
the winner of the Harley trophy. The
club offers a number of cash prizes
for competition in the terrier classes.
well matched Coursers
ix union park stake
Sixty-Four Greyhounds Entered for
This Week's Event on San Matco
County, Field. '
The champion greyhounds are get
ting a let up in their work for thjs
week after their running in the'Cali
fornia Plate and the effect .is notice
able in the Union Coursing Park entry
list. While the names of the star per
formers are missing, the sixty-four en
tered are a well balanced lot and are
expected to provide interesting, sport.
With the big dogs out the result will
be in doubt until the end. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Our Motto vs. Red Rock; 01* Ironsides vs.
Helen Hayes; Rocker Arm vs. Articulate;
Queen's Motto vu Fenll; Donnybrook vs. Lib-"
erator; Bill Dugan vs. Sea LJon; Shadow vs.
Vandal: Texas Jim vs. Little Plunger; Haughty
Helen vs. Boots; Flaunt vs. Lord Brazen; Ap
ple . Blossom vs. Royal Friend; Ruby Aurora
vs. Ploughman; Frisco Lad v#. Idaho Boy;
Rapid Water vs. Rocklln Boy; Piker vs. Lily
York; McHenry v« Miss Oreen; Tralee Boy
vs." Adonis; Lost Chord .va. Money Musk; Free
From Flaw vs. Cubanola; Rolla Wells vs. Fair
Traiee; MiamiRo vs. John Hecnan; Vina vs.
Sir Pasha; Gambit vs. Real Article; Renegade
Apache vs. Harefoot Boy; Racing Auto>vg.
General Dewct; Cloverdale vs. Hudson: Eagle
vs. Emln Bey; Van Nora vs. .The Referee;
RlcharU Anton vi. Freo Born; False Alarm
.vs. Sempronlim; Tom * Kins vs. Galveston;
Amandan vs. Ruby Sankey.
Xell Wants April Boxing Permit.
s The Pacific Athietic Club, by Jim
Neil, president, has petitioned the
Board of Supervisors for a profession
al boxing permit for April.
KENILWORTH CAPTURES THE HANDICAP
BEATING OUT NIGRETTE AND MODICUM
S u e'd o h n son Wi n s
a Purse at
Long Odds.
The two crack mudlarks Lord Mel
bourne and Modicum disgraced them
selves in the mile and a sixteenth
handicap at Oakland ; yesterday in . a
field of but four starters. „
His Lordship's corns must 'ave 'urted
*im bloomin' orful, for he trailed
throughout. The Burns handicap^ win
ner, the favorite for. the race, drew
third position early, in the play and
refused to relinquish same.
Skipp'jr Willie See, on the good ship
Kenilworth, went over the course al
most alone, winning under* closely
reefed sails from Nigrette, the out
sider. The value of the race to the
winner was $800.
The track was sloppy, with good foot
ing underneath. . But two favorites
were successful. Sue Johnson and Ner
vator were both played for good things
at long odds and went through.
SIR PRESTON IN FRONT.
Sir Preston may not have been the
best horse in the introductory sprint,
but he finished first, and that is alt
that is required. A 2 to 1 favorite in
the betting, Travers. who rode Sir Pres
ton, lost no time in getting to the front
and his mount lasted long enough to
beat Handpress a neck, rfol Lichten
stein ran a. close third.
Harry Stover's fast colt, George P.
McXear, scored his second set of
brackets by finishing ahead of Ed
uardo in the two-year-old scramble.
McNear had a pronounced call in the
betting and was piloted by Willie See.
He opened up quite a gap^ of daylight
over his company at the outset, but
cooled off perceptibly as the wire was
approached, only leading out Eduardo
a neck. Harvester, one of the Daly
entries, ran j third. Golden Idol was
out as usual on the turns.
A mighty p'unge was made on Lady
Kent to win <he seven-furlong selling
selectfon. Holbrook and all in the
saddle. Operiing at sixes, the mare's
odds gradually dropped to 3%. She
led from start to finish, winning by a
length from «he favorite, Mr. Dingle.
Glissando finished third, Mr. Farnum
fourth and Decoy fifth.
SUE JOHNSON' A MIIjER.
From a panel racer to a miler was
the transformation in the case of Sue
Johnson. Played from 20 down to 12
in the betting on the mile selling run,
the mare skipped away in the lead and
was not headed. Virgie d'Or, a 13
to 1 shot, disposed of Ulloa for the
place. Keyijote, the favorite, got
away badly, . j-an up to second posi-.
tion, then fellj back to the rear.
Jimmy Jon<*s of The Fiddler fame
and Nervator ;must be fast friends, for
the latter hoi'se turned the tables on
Hainault 'in the closing six furlong
3t!iing affair. Hainault went to the
post at 4 to 5 'ind Nervator was backed
from 12 down ■' to 4, later receding to 6.
Jones did not rate the latter as Bell
did some days ago, but went to the
front and won all the way. Hainault
finished second and Ocyrohe third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Willie See piloted two winners.
• Sir Preston, winner of the first race,
was bid up from $400 to $600- by Harry
Roblns-on. The stable retained ihc
Ed J. Power, the well-known news
paper man and racing official, now an
inmate of the Oakes Home for con
sumptives at Denver, wishes his thanks
conveyed to the following turfmen who
contributed to the fund for his assist
ance: Richard Dwyer, E. C. Hopper.
Frank Skinner, Barney Schreiber, C.
P. Waterhouse, Joe Rose. Horace Eg
bert, H. L. Baggerly, Ed Noel, "Man
r.ie," California Jockey Club, Al Dod
son, Billy Short, F. D. Lowry, Jame3
Scanlan, Willie Cross, Ben Benjamin,
Bob Smith, Garnet Ferguson, Charles
Ledgett, Caesar Ycrung and F. E. Mul
hclland.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Five and a half furlongs: three
voar-olds; selling:
61:55 'Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) l(Vt
«13R Kmil (Williams) 1CT>
. BS94 Vaughan (Mrs. Hcrtzell) 10*
5S37 »St. Yu set (Summers) 97
.... Chaple iCotton) 100
C102 Jack Little (Fine) 100
5SS3 'Targette 'Fountain) 00
61S» Gateway (Lottridge) l«;
6080 'Red Bird (Slaughter) to
.... Hannar Van (Lee & Son) 100
.... Moynara (Storn) 1C2
5125 Midway (Piedmont Stable) 100
6S0O •The Hawaiian (Figaro Stable) 97
COaS 'Distributor (Nell) 97
e008 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 104
Second race — Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; : pura:
. ... Velna ■ (\ an Gorden) ioa
Rubicon-Motto.
.... Senator Poyntz (Fitzgerald) 112
Wasner-Lottle Hunter.
COS" Saccharato (Napa Stock Farm) .....105
6111 MIbs Claude (Hamilton Stable) 102
6075 Bob Rajfon (Summers) 1C8
. .. Inspector Halpin (Sttireiber) 112
Saln-Ohlo Belle.
r>907 Klba < Jennings) 102
6123 Tar Flat (San Joaquln Stable) 10U
CC99 Kdgecllft (Burns & Waterhouse) .:... 105
.... The Mist (Hammond) MM
Magnet-Tenebrae.
.... Light of Day (Coffey) 105
Bright Phoebu»-Lux.
6835 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 102
Third race — Mile; four-year-olda and up;
<i0«:t **Grand Sachem (Moran) 104
61BO 'Donator (Tlerney) 104 j
6150 Elmer L. (Klundrr) 112
0054 Past Master (Fink) 100
til.t-t •Formcro (Caughey) 104
6930 *Isabelllta (McXamara) 102
6114 Pearl Diver (Carlisle) 107
C103 'Searcher (Partlngton Bros.) ..104
■Fourth race — Six and i half furlongs; four
, year-olds and up; eellin K :
6SS.1 The Miller (McNeil) 101
6S72 'Pickaway (Jackson) 104
♦5114 Hlpponnx (Lane) . . . . . / 100
■ 6007 Prince Blazes (Shannon) lot
I 5S51 Mocorito (Wellman) 107
' til 14 Fair Lady Anna (McCafterty) 107
4701 Penrance (McCarthy) 102
6i:;rt*Polcnlus (Stewart & Co.) ....107,
6074 Klckumbob (Walz & Co.). 104
"Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling: • •
(J007 Yellowstone (Fine) » 110
0079 *St. Wlnnlfrlde (Painter) 100
614fi Handpress (Magrane) 110
(614R)I^ady Kent (Wellman) 10T>
<6102)*Harbor (H. ■ K. Rowell) Oti
B14« 'Galanttus (Coffey) 1OS
6079 Ethel Abbott (Miller)..... 00
; i Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling:
"6124 Meehanus (Rector) . • .11—
6122 Flaneur -.(McCaffctry) 1<«
(6i:«i)«Diderot ( Atkln) '....: 104
«)«5 *Axininlster (Randall) ..104
6124 *I Know iHurnoll) J... HO
612B Clocbe d'Or (Conrad) :..... 1O4
6140 Pat Morrifsey (Wcllman) 10K
6143 •Mr." Dingle (Tlerney) ......." ...101
k .-•Apprentice allowance . j
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKIAITP BACETBACK-Wednesday. Feb. 24.— Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
<U46. FIRST RACE— Futurity course: gelling; 3-year-old» and up; value, to flr«t. **- 5 -
Index Horse and Ownef! lwl!3T~K. fr. %. Str. Fin, j J^ t J^_\_2^ -1
(60S® Sir Preston. 4 (ScharetgK.Jloi! 4 ...1^1^121" 'T^w "* 5-2
6122 Handpress. a (Magrane) 111113 ... 2h 3h S 1%2 % J- » aiy.... 92
(6028)|SoI Ltchtensteln. 5 (Ronrfgh).|105| :s ... 4h 2n 2n on Keea '•••••• e ls
6122 Galanthus. 6 (Mrs. Coffey). . .1061 1 ... Jn4«i< J n to !)
6122 Pat Morrlssey. a (Wellman).. 105! 5 ... U'53 5 5 »» "o lbrook .. i£ SQ
•56«9 Dotterel. 4 (F.J. O'Rourke).. W|7-... 51 6 7 *5 *> 4 10 SO
601W Bogus Bill. a. (S. F Capp»>.. 1C4) 6 ... 7 7 7 15 7 10 . 6 J. T. nn i£ Q
«054 Clnnibar. 3 (R. A. Smith) ■■■■! 8a 8 .. . 8 8 3 * jGreenfleld . W> -"»
Time— :2*%. :49.. 1:12*4. At post 3 minute*. Off at 2:14. Preston, place. 7-10: ■ h0 TT- 1 «'?r
Handpres*. place. 4-5; show 1-3. LJchtensteln. show. 3-5. Winner, rn. k T ,i rt!er
Mottred-Nell Preston. Trained by J. M. McNames. Scratched-Chaple. Sir Tom Twaier.
The Jew. Argot. Doris. Lansdowne. Start good. "Won In a very- hard am » J« "* d
Winner bid up from $400 to $600 by H. Robinson: retained. Sir rreston li*e« ™ u ° """
was well ridden. Handpress was bothered on the stretch turn by Llcnumsteinor "»
would have won. Sol misht have turned the. trick, too. with a stronger rxi^r- up- «
ran out with Reed. Galanthus was pocketed most of the route ami will »e nara 10
beat next time out. Morrissey ran fair race. »I^a -AnKeles^indr^ _^• l _-^- l .o- -w-ur^-o-*.
OM7. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; purse: 2-year-olds; value to first. $3:5.
Indezj Horse and Owner. WtSt. U- H- »*• Str. Fin. Jockey. Ov- _C1.
<6111)JGeorge P. McNear <H. Stover) tl2 3 12.13 tn Pee _| *-•'
(6C87) I Eduardo (B. & W.) .....100 1 2 2*i2 2^2 8 Bell ....... »-J
.... lHarvester (M. J. Daly)..". ... 104 2 .". n a .T :: n« } V r P, y- " . 7* '•
C00» Golden Idol (M. J Daly) 112 4 ... ... 4 30 4 23 4 20 J. Daly....
Anaurus <P. Ryan).... 105 5 5 5 5 |J. Martin.. -p •>"
Time— :25 :43V At post 4 minutes. Off at 2:42 McNear. place. 1-4: "how out v_.? d "'*
ardo place. 1 -3: show out. Harvester, show, out. Winner, b. c. by Torso-Clara Wilson.
Trained by H. Stover. Start poor. Won In a hard drive of two Next two «™™*-
McNear slowed down considerably ths last part. Eduardo stood a long drive. iaoi i ran
out badly Harvester ran a fair race. Anaurus did rot get away. "Coupled wltn Mar
ve*ter. „,.,,-,„ _,. '-.,-.,-.. .^..^-^i-.- ------ j-j- '■>
«14S. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $323. _
In. lex I Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. U. VT- %■ Str. Fin. [ J*****- °P- a -
MwriLady Kent, a <T. "We'llman)..|lo51 6 1 »i Hi 1 2^1 1 1 1 Holbrook .. « J-2
8113 Mr Dingle. 4 lE. Tiemey). .ilOftl 4 7 10 7 20 3 1^2 n 2 a J™™™ ... 2 1--R
GO74 iGliSFando. a (O. P. Romigh). .11071 1 3 h 4 h 5 2 4 2 .".5 JReed * •
r.m iMr Farnum 4 (McCafferty). .|107> ."» 5 n S h Bn 3 'i 4 ltjiHonner , .- T
«CSS iDecoy a <G. MiUer) |104! 2 2^21 2n « 4 5 1 Va Buxton .... 3 «-■
♦51-14 iDandie Belle. G (Winter & J.)ilO5| .1 6 % 5 n 7 7 « « Hell ••••••• -J? "'
5X12 | Myrtle H. 5 (Mrs. Hertzell). . 1W| 7 4 2^6 V, 4 h 5 h . McAullffe . -O *"
SS51 iMaster Cal. « <Ki8tenmacher>ilO2| 8 8 8 Pulled up ... IGruwell... 100-00
Time— :25 :80H 1:16%, 1:29 ! <;. At po»t 2H minutes. Off at 3:ll«i. Kent, place. S-2:
Fhow, "7-10. Dingle, place 4-5; show. 2-5. Glissando. show. 1. Uinner.br. m r>y
Hellcon-Lelta Kmt. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched— Hellas. Joe John, btart
good. Won handily. Next two drivirrg hard. Lady Kent is a good mud runner ami
was heavily played. Mr. Dingle was cut off soon after the start or he would have
won. Glissando did fairly welL _ Decoy ;_^^
6T4»T One and a sixteenth miles: hndep.: 3-yr.-olda A tip: to flrat. gSOO.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWt'St. V t . *j. «4- Str. Fin. Jockey. I _°P 1 ___£^
Wl7 ! !Konllworth, 6 (H. Stover) |U4| 2 1 2m 1^1 *i 1 lfcl I Se« I 5-2 11-3
eon iNigrette. 4 (W. B. Jennings). | 031 S 2 xt, 2 *i 2 3^2 V, 2 2 K-napp .... S T
6077 LMorilcum 4 (D. S. Fountain). llOOi 1 3 « 4 3 \ 3 i.i 3 2H.3 n J Daly.... 3-5 »-«
((;i::7) l I^oril Melbourne. 4 (Bender). .|lC5t 4 4 4 4 4 4 Ollphant .. 3 » -
Time -'2i\ -40?i 1:15% l:42',i 1:49 At post % minute. Off at 3:33%. Kenilworth.
place .7-10; show out'. Xlgrette place. 2; show. 7-10. Modicum, show. out. Winner.
br. h. by Sir Modred-Queen Bees. Trained by H. Stover. Start good. Won easily.
Balance driving. Nigrette made the big brown horse hustle some the last part. Track
was only sloppy and had too hard a bottom for Modicum and _kord_ Melbourne.
<» I .•»»>. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-old9 and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. V*. Vi- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. C1.
C08B~ Sue Johnson, a (E. Fitzgerald)! 90!7 12 14 12 12 1 UijRoach 12 15
«)«:•. Virgie d'Or « (W. Becker). . .1104! 4 5 n t : HrWt.tf2 24iTraver9 : .. 10 U
610.'! inioa." a (S. Judge) j 99| 8 7 3 4h 2 H 2 >, 3 U, Vandrbout 10 12
6103 I Elmer -L. 6 (KlundT & B.)..IU4 .', 9 9 5 n 3 h 4 1 McHannon 20 m
610; 1 . Erailv Oliver C (Clark) llOOl 2 3 h 6 «; 4 h MJ S 2 Bell 6 10
6114 !Gold Finder. 'a T. Fitzgerald) I Ull 6 « h 7 *i 7 2 7 2 6 4 .1. T. Shehn 4 23 *
••,054 JDoreen. 5 (Bottger & H.).... 104 3 4 K 8 h 8 1 8 4 7 3 Buxton .... » 12
601 !» iKeynotp 5 (J A. Kyle> 106 » » - 'a 3 1 4 n S 5 .1. Martin..! 1 I
0103 isamUkana Esq.. a (Stoer).|l04{ 1 2 2 3 h 9 0 0 jSherwood ..1 30 BO
Time :25',i, :"»03|, 1:1S>J 1:4."»W,. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:574. Sue. plac?. 6: show. 5-2.
Virgle place 5; show. 5-2. Ulloa. show. 2. Winner, ch. m. by Arctino-Morra.
Trained by l' p' Fitzgerald. Scratched — Donator. Start good. Won ridden out. Next
two driving. The old doctor finally found a remedy that was efficacious and Sue ran on«
of her New Orleans races. Virgle d'Or helped some. Ulloa did her beat. Emily Oliver
loitered. Gold Finder lame. Doreen _off. _Keyn<>te away badly and jater quit.
Gl."»1. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds and up: value to first. $.T25.
Index! Horse and Owner. , WtlSt. U ,- H- ?■«■ Str. FinTi Jockey. I Op. Cl.
C079~ NervatoT" 4 (Bo^ts & H.) 109! 4 ... 1^1 2^1 2 12 (J. Jones * «
6113 HalnauU 5 Thomas & P..)/. 1M! 2 ... 3^2 »i 2 I»i2 2H Traver. ... 7-10 4-5
6V»4 Ocyrohe 3 (Mrs^ Coffey) Ml 5 ... 6n 5 1«44 3 3.% Crosswalte 10 10
6115 Mures"!' 5 (Mrs Miller)...... 1OI 1 ... 4h 4^-1 n 4 ft Buxton .... 4 S
4.i" B« Eider. 3 ("umtlton Sta.) 89' 7 ... « H « 4 5'i57 R. Butler .-. «r> ino
5S51 "terl Towers. 5 (Stocteton S.) 107U ••- 2 S n 6 2 6 1 Boieman .. iO 25
60SI JAIbemarle. 4 (J. Qulnlan). . .|101| 6 ... 7 7 7 . Roach 6 7
Ti^^ .oj -4gi' 1:14%' At post 4«i minute*. Off at 4:2S^. Nervator. place. 2; show.
- t0 " 'liainault" place 2-5; show. out. Ocyrohe. show. 6-5. Winner, br. h. by Erutus-
Kerva Trained by C* M Hollenbeck. Scratched — Contestant, Scotsman, Orchan. Start
eood ' Won easily Next. three driving. Nervator was not rated this day. He out
traveled Hainault.' Ocyrohe with a chance can heat fair ones. Muresca lacked her
former rpeed. Albemarle appears to have gone back considerably.
PEOB ABLE WXKBXBS.
rirst race— Dusty Miller, Hldway,
Distributor.
Second race— The Mist,' Bob Ba^on,
Edgrecliff.
Tnird race— Iiabellita, Donator, El
mer Xi.
Pourth race— Mocorito, Pair iady
Anna, Fickaway.
Plfth race — ilandpres*, Lady Kent,
Oalanthus.
Sixth race — Diderot, Axminster, Mr.
Dingle.
Says "Stunt" Is Correct Word.
If there are any wno nave naa
doubts regarding the propriety of say
ing "stunt" they will be relieved now
to know it is all right. Mrs. Martha
Crow Foote says so, and she is dean
of the women's hall at Northwestern
University, in the classic suburb of
Chicago. Mrs. Foote says "stunt" Is
not only a good word, but that it is
correct English — or, rather, American.
In introducing the performers at a
co-ed entertainment recently she used
"stunt," and, moreover, placed her
public seal of approval upon the word.
Aside from its ghastly alliterativeness.
the Denver News cannot now be criti
cized for its "Sunday Page of Scintil
lant Sport Stunts."— New Tork Globe.
Condensed Eggs.
In Germany they make condensed
eggs! The superfluous water is re
moved and sugar is added. The con
densed eggs are put up for the mar
ket in hermetically sealed boxes, a
one-pound box containing about fif
teen eggs. This article finds a good
market in South Africa, but during the
present egg famine they might be im
ported into this country with more or
less pront. — Indianapolis Journal.
Winter Eczema, sometimes called Dry Eczema, or s£&fi£$h
Tetter, is one of the severest forms of this most torturing
and aggravating of all skin diseases. As cold weather M
approaches the skin thickens and hardens, cracks and -\V*-^S|
bleeds, and in bad cases crusts and sores form and the parts j^/aalija -
affected become intensely painful, tender and swollen. fjj^lipSSifl
The itching, burning and smarting is so terrific at times fc^/^jNBf^
that the sufferer is made almost desperate, and the nerves
are so unstrung that sleep is My wife had a breakins-ont helotr her knew.
impossible. Like all other At first red bumps at>p«ared, but iooa white,
skin-torturinp- di«?M«5<»<s Wi« huiky scabs came, and when the«© would shed off
SKinionunng diseases, Wm- the j^ MmwmMit^ m^ bUTnuothmZm i km f O avA
ter Eczema is caused by acids it impossible to sleep. At times a yellow water
circulating in the blood, and ran from tb,e bumps. Our family physician pro-
while «;oothin«r anr»lirntion« notmced It Eczema, and prescribed ointments
wniie sootning applications andpowd8ra but it kept spreading-, breaking out
are helpful, no lasting benefit O n her body and arms, and almost ciosed up her
can come from external treat- ears. The drugrgist at Garner told mo to try
ment The disease i«* in tK#» s « s « s -» which she did, land after taking several
S a A disease IS in the bottleg ' w%a cuxe<^ and U well to-day and has been
blood; the entire system is f or years. W. A. hocutt.
saturated -with the poison and " Garner, K.C.
the blood aflame with the fiery acids, and only a remedy that enters into the
r-i • '• c i rctl i a tion and destroys the poisons will afford lasting
/^^ /O^ relief from the torments of Eczema. S.S.S. has no
-^^^ equal as a blood medicine, and has become the most
hO 1 ) hO) Oj Tridely-known and popular blood purifier oa-the mar-
y. if y O u have Eczema or any skin trouble origin-
ating from bad blood, you -will find thatS. S. S. acts promptly, purifying the
blood and building tap the general health. Write us ; medical advice with-
out charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm
USED MOTOR CAR FOR
3IATRIMON1AL. PURPOSES
Terrific Rate or Speed Brought Ob
. dura to Father to Give Ills
Consent. • : ■
A determined suitor has now found
a new wajiof using: the motor car for
matrimonial purposes. The girl was
willing, butter parents were obdurate.
He pretendeil to give up hope and to
be reconciled to the idea of beinj?
merely a friend of the family, and he
took out the girl and her father for
an automobile drive to Havre. At a
dangerous part of the road he sud
denly put on the fourth speed, and the
car sprang away at a terrific rate. Th~
girl sat still and showed no fear, but
her terrified father shouted to the man
who wanted to be his son-in-law to
stop. "Consent to my marriage with
your daughter." was all the motorist
replied. Still the car tore along, ani
if any obstacle had appeared in the
road at least three fatalities would
have occurred. "Stop! We shall all
be killed!" the girl's father continued
to cry- "Most certainly we shall." said
the determined young man, grimly. "If
you don't consent at once I am goln^
to send the machine into the ditch,
and at this rate that means quick
death." As he spoke he imparted vio
lent lurches from, side to side to the
car. "I consent! I consent!" gasp<\l
the new vanquished parent. Immedi
ately the car slowed down, and the rest
of the journey was done at a steady
touring pace. But during the motor'*
previous mad career a policeman had
Jotted down its number. When the
girl's father, to whom the machine be
longs, appeared In court In answer to
the summons, his future son-in-law ac
companied him, and looked exceedingly
pleased with himself. When a fine of
1C francs was imposed the younger man
said he would pay It himself, with
pleasure. He confided to the magis
trate that the day had been named.—
London Telegraph.M"A HAYSEED "K
IN' COLORS.
" '-;; '-.-■■r. -^ * ] <r^^i^?^tf"*h'.> J?3r>a7?1Sr^>^i^^r i\fc»*'- '•' '■ ".' ' '■"•■ ''■;-!■■"'' i^TS^^n5fii»?r^ JK»i?^^^fcaftf*ft" ffj^^^^V^sj* *'- ~j£?tiB l 7^J3^H
J+l . Jtttr- ■ '< ','' «.*' 1v*-- "• ■ ■■ .,:-\v" flB2?3* ■:-.-. ■' ": -'■■.'■• '■ ''' JUSsSk^hiL-' •' ' '■• i^SXt ; ij^l.]!r^'^A^I« IgW^H
t^VflE^E • i F»i3^ - ■■- ■ -■" jfltC- ' ' " iLs. ■ " ■■ ■■■■ •& . jtk^A-A iPv^viifiiI&ff*is38E^- ■■■"•""' •'"' '■■■■"■' ■ ~ *• -- T»irl^tr*CvTili3riCj^r5CTfc *j^JPsBiiK>r : . . WjMBtetMJfc 5t3M!or&St^^Bi8Hm
*tf*m*jt ijsy ' y - ■_ * + {jEfi^Kt ■ - . ■ * >» > i 1 ' ■ ■*"<'■"■■: '^-''*^j3n§L^ wR^VtrS^^ * * ■"■. ■ -■ -^ ' >■ K* ■■ ■■■-■. - l cwSIXt^?£^^. . . '.■."• ■jLjSSHEj^^Bnf^8^^£QI6tlk!lutKfc?b-* M^^BfiyjH '•^C^^y^ffftSB^jfori^M
The Titfe of Next Sunday's Art SuppfemenfrMafe fe
Introduction of an Entirety New Idea 1 Cofor Printing
/ . ,
**A Hayseed" is reproduced in three colors from a TbnnMbon platinum, ,
a copyrighted study from life, and portrays In .e'xquisite edfors a charming
miss in all the beauty and glory of young womanhood. •
This subject depicts an ideal American tj-pe. Tlie rich coloHng of her
golden hair, the careless arrangement of her sunbonnt* and waist expos-
ing a delicately chiseled neck and bust combine to give this study dis-
tinct I* pim ?» and character.
Copies of the original, which are to he eiven away, are displayed
prominently throughout the city. Don't fall to inspect one.
It's free 'Witfi Next Sunday's San Francisco Caff
All News Dealers and Train News Agents Sell The Call.
WAR OF MINERS
STILL GOES ON
3Iaginniss Asks for Injunction
to Restrain Amalgamated
Company/ Paring Dividends
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Justice Gil
derek-eve in the Supreme Court to-day
heard argument upon and reserved de
cision in the application by John Ma
ginniss for a continuance of a tempo
rary injunction restraining the Boston
and Montana Consolidated Copper and
Silver Mining Company, the Par
rot Silver and Copper Company and
the AnaoocdA Copper Mining Company
from paying out dividends to the Amal
gamated Copper Company on the stock
owned in these companies by the last
named " corporation.
Maginnies is the vice president of the
Montana Ore Purchasing Company and
claims that by the arrangements by
which the Amalgamated Copper be
came the parent company of the now
eubsidiary coir r »iiies be and other
minority stockholders have been ee
riously injured. The Amalgamated
Copper Company has declared a divi
dend of 2 per cent, payable on Monday
next, but cannot pay unless it receives
the dividends from the subsidiary com
panies, and for this reason counsel. for
the Amalgamated a6ked that the in
junction be immediately dissolved.
Louis Marshall, of Guggenhelmer.
Untermeyer & Marshall, and Mr. Gari
bal, representing the defendant com
panies, asserted that all the allegations
stated in Maginnlss' complaint, with
the exception of some very unimportant
asseverations, .had all been raised In
other suits brought In the Supreme
Court here and In that of Montana,
within the last three years.
Franklin Bien. for Maginniss. claimed
that the arrangement by- which the
subsidiary companies were purchased
was the result of a conspiracy to benefit
the shareholders of the Amalgamated
and Irreparably injure Maginniss and
his associates, who had refused to de
liver up valuable stock In the Parrot
Company and the Boston Company of
Montana for the watered stock 4t the
Amalgamated.
Justice Glldersleev^ took the paper's
and reserved decision.
INDUSTRIAL ASSOCIATION ■'
TO MEKT IN NEW YORK
Delegates Adopt a Resolution Con
demning Discriminating Jlethoda
of Certain Cities.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Feb. 2C— At
the session of the Industrial As
sociation of America to-day- the con
stitution was adopted after several
changes were made, the most Impor
tant being a provision making the
executive committee elective and one
providing for a contributing class of
membership, to be composed of in
dividuals and corporations. A resolu
tion was adopted recommending that
the next convention be held in New
York City. The following resolution
was adopted:
Whereas. A laree number- of cities cf the
country discriminate nyalnst certain citizens
in the matter of placing public contracts by re
quiring the use of the union label on all pub
lic orintlne and union labor ai a tUm in all
cases: therefore be It
Resolved. Ttiat the Citizen*' Industrial Asso
ciation, assembled In convention, unreservedly
cendernn* such reservation and declarrg It in
a ao«»cies of diacrlmlnatlon and that it la un
alterably In conflict with the liberties and prlv
leges that all citizens are entitled to enjoy un
der the constitution and laws of our country.
Be It further
Resolved, That the numbers cf this associa
tion u«e their Influence at all times and In all
places against such method. ■
The nominating committee will se
lect^iames for the officers at the next
meeting of the convention in Novem
ber. ="
Carpenter Hurt by Live Wire.
RDNO, Feb. 24.— William. Whitten, a
carpenter, while working on the Mon
roe House this afternoon, came in con
tact with a live electric light wire and
was .badly burned. He will probably
die ; from the Injuries.
General - Younjt Is Recovering.
HAVANA. Feb. 24.— Lieutenant Gen
eral S*. M. B. Young, ( U. S. A., retired,
who has been ill here for the past fort
night suffering from stomach trouble,
is recovering.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
BOSTON STRIKE
GROWS BITTER
Courts 'Are Asked to Prevent
Union Sailors From Inducing
Crews to Desert Their Ships
BOSTON, Feb. 24.— The strike of
seamen at this port assumed' a new
phase to-day when a bill in equity was
filed In the Superior Court asking that
the officers and members of the At
lantic Coast Seamen's Union be re
strained from influencing sailors from
shipping on vessels managed by per
sons who are unwilling to accede to
the demands of the union.
The plaintiffs assert that the mem
bers of the union have induced sailors
to desert their vessels, and have, in
certain instances, used force to pre
vent crews being shipped on vessels
managed by the plaintiffs.
John Lind, a walking delegate of
the union and one of the defendants
named in the bill, was arrested to
night on the charge of attempting to
entice a member of the crew of the
schooner Eleanor A. Percy to desert
before the expiration of his coritract.
Russia Will Send an Exhibit.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 24.— A cablegram
was received to-day by the architect
of the, Russian building at the World's
Fair from Commissioner General Alex
androvsky telling him to proceed with
the erection of the building. No fur
ther communication has been received
by the .World's Fair management, but
this is taken to indicate that the Rus
sian Government will participate in
the exposition.
Death of Edward Trevett.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Edward
Trevett of Utica, y. Y., founder of the
Commercial Travelers' Accident Asso
ciation of America, died at'Westfleld,
2C. J., to-day. '
NEWSPAPER THIEF TOLD
NOT TO DUPLICATE CRIME
Pilferer of Daily Papers Is Given Severe Lecture by
* Judge Cabaniss~"Babe".Curtin Is Safe in Custody of
the Sheriff— Honorable Jap. Is Honorably Discharged
Niccola Ivanovick was dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday in the ab
sence of Judge Mogan. He is a boy
aged to the 16-year notch and for
four spare months he has inhabited
this wild United States after. a steer
age voyage from Sicily. From the time
of his arrival he has engaged himself
in the pursuit of stealing -copies of The
Call from doorsteps on Green street v
The testimony she .— >d that the boy
had robbed doorstep after doorstep and
left the occupants of the 'houses wit
less of the main doings of the day the
while they ate their breakfast food in
silence and knew not .whether Japan
or Russia was to-p-up in the little mix
up that is occupying the center of the
world's stage at present.
The Judge gave the youth some much
needed advice, partly on the lines of
petty. larceny, but more largely on the
deprivation that accrues to 'ft citizen
when he finds The Call absent from
his breakfast table.
"Under the constitution of the United
States," said the Judge, "a citizen is
entitled to life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness. A dish of bacon and
eggs, with a hot cup of coffee, will an
swer the two* first prerogatives, but
where can one chase the elusive phan
tom of Joy unless one reads The Call?"
Pale to the gills, the youth heard the
lecture and promised that never again
would he -steal newspapers from door
steps.-»On this positive understanding
he was allowed his freedom.
Curtin, whose main name is
.Anthony, if baptismal cognomens go
/or anything, was before Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of carrying con
cealed weapons. He. was held under
bail of $100. That was the least of
"Babe's" troubles. He was ready to
furnish 5100 in good United States coin,
but Judge Cook differed. There was
a burglary charge against the "Babe"
that had been pending since last March.
Therein he is charged with burglariz
ing the premises of a roomer on Mis
sion street and purloining a watch and
several dollars in hard iron money. ' •
Curtin was ordered into custody with
out bail by Judge Cook, and the ce
ment floor of the City Prison furnished
him the scant comfort of a bed last
night. The case against him is weak
and he will probably be acquitted, but
whatever discipline he gets in the
meantime Is coming, to him.
Joseph Hodge was a complaining wit
ness in a grand larceny charge against
William O'Brien and John Moran in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. The
witness claimed that the two young
men had robbed him of a gold watch
and $3 50 in coin.'.
Both defendants testified that Hodge
was an old acquaintance of seventeen
years' standfnE^and that the alleged
robbery was merely a 'figment of the
brain. They admitted taking Hodge
to his room in the Lindell Hotel, but
positively denied the larceny of. his
money and watch..
Hodge blew into the courtroom dur
ing the hearing withm load of peaches
that would . swamp a Fresno County
orchard. Judge*. Fritz eyed him glassily
for a minute and then ordered him into
custody. Bailiff Jack Conlan- put him
in the dock and Hodge went off into
slumberland with a rapidity that star
tled a cocaine fiend. "Chee," said the
fiend, "if booze will give the big get
away, why didn't I troi dat foist?"
Father Grey, the aged priest, who
claims that Thomas F. Brennan had
robbed him of $37,000, was unable to
appear yesterday in Judge Conlan's
court. Illness and age have gripped
the old pastor forcibly and he Is in
no condition to leave his bed.
On the witness stand yesterday there
were three officials of the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank and one from the
Hibernia Bank, who told in detail the
monetary transactions that Brennan
conducted with Father Grey's account.
Further hearing in the case was con
tinued until next Friday.
Edward E. Stoddard, who once was
the manager of the bicycle department
of Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden
Company, was held yesterday to an
swer to the Superior Court by Jydge
Fritz in bonds of $5000 on a charge
of felony embezzlement. The com
plaint alleges the theft of $150, but
the firm says that Stoddard is shy more
than $4000 in his accounts. '
"I desire to return to that honorable
Nippon arid take up honorable arms,"
explained Jen Kaza to Judge Conlan
yesterday. For five nights he had
been a bedfellow to Chinatown gin
bums, Barbary Coast consumers of
paint and the flotsam and jetsam that
rest every eve in the City Prison un
der the generic classification of "lodg
ers." .
He had b£en plying the trade of
"good, honest,' industrious schoolboy"
for several years in this port. He
lived up to those conventional jyljec
tives until the Japs saw Admiral Alex-"
ieff first. Then the fire of patriotic
ardor that burned, in the breast of J.
Kaza exploded, i
He remembered the example of N.
Bonaparte, who got the double cross
in the frozen highways of Russian He
wanted to prove that this Frenchman
was a "mutt." He desired to return to
that dear Nippon ond roust up an
army and strike a blow for his home
arid his geisha girls.
He had $2 98 when the war began.
Yesterday he was a dollar nearer re
turn fare. He economized by joining
the army of city "lodgers." The po
lice became. tired Tuesday evening and
classified him as : a "vagrant."
"'Do you deny that you are a vag
rant?" asked Judge Conlan.
"Honorable magistrate," replied the
little fellow, who had sampled the tea
of Nagasaki, Yokohama and Kobe in
his infancy, "I Am a patriot."
"Dear ' me," said the Judge, "I
heard that word" when I went to
Echooll , 'Patriot'— that brings back
past memories."
"It , is honorably so, honorable
Judge. < I have been honorably, econ
omizing." said the JaD. "I honorably
desire to depart to Nippon, therefore
1 have been a lodger in your honor
able; jail." - .' \
: "Back; to' the geisha girl3 then."
«aid Judge Conlan. "But I have a few
cents on^.he Slavs. It's a distant race
and the track is muddy."
The JajT was honorably dismissed.
Before Judge Fritz, appeared ope
Hugh P. Silvert, whose trouble wa»
that! he was hitched to a check for
$10 85 signed by John Roberts, a har
ness-maker. £
With Mr. Silvert it's a case of "who
frew, dem chicken feathers 'round
my door?"- -
If he could find the man who put
that bit. of paper, into his pocket some
thing- wofiid'be doing.
"I don't know why, you should cher
ish samples of Mr. Roberts' chirbg
raphy, but I will find out to-morrow,"
said Judge Fritz. Then the harness
maker will be in the judicial traces.
WILL -ENTER PLEA OF
ONCE IX JEOPARDY
Xew Phase Develops in the Case of
Ernest Alexander, Charged With "
Accepting a Bribe.
The case of Ernest Alexander, an
ex-policeman, charged with accepting
a bribe from Mamie Lin, alias Lulu
Wilson, while a member of the depart
ment, was called for' trial yesterday in
Judge Lawlor's court, but at the re
quest of Assistant District Attorney
Ferral a continuance was granted till
March 4, as no trace* had' yet been
found of Rose Everett, the missing
witness!". Attorney O'Connor, for the
defendant, objected to the continuance
and said he would enter a plea N o£
once In Jeopardy.
The Judge was informed that Mamie
Lin had gone to Los Angeles, but was
willing' to return and testify at the
trial if her expenses were guaranteed.
The Judge said she was under the or
der of the court and unless she was
present when the case was called for.
trial she would be guilty of contempt
of court and would be brought back
and punished.,
PATROLMAX INJURED WHILE
STOPPING A RUNAWAY TEAM
Brave Officer Knocked Down 'and
, Kicked hy Horse, but Holds on
• In Spite of Hurts.
Patrolman McEntee was the hero
of an exciting runaway accident last
night at the corner of Powell, and
Market streets. He succeeded in
stopping a pair of fast horses just as
they were about to dash into Market
street, but before he accomplished, the
feat he was knocked down by one of
the fiery steeds and is now suffering
from a probable fracture of the jaw.
The teRm belongs to the Great
American Tea Company, and while
the driver was delivering some goods
took fright and started to run down
Powell street in the direction of Mar
ket. McEntee, with great presence of
mind, caught hold of one of the
horses and held on, though he was
knocked down and kicked by the
frightened animal. A large crowd
gathered around the scene of the run
away and excitement ran-high for a
few minutes.
FIELD DEPUTIES TO
BEGIN WORK TO-DAY
Assessor Dodge Details One Hundred
Men to Distribute Blank State
ments for Valuations.
If the weather, is propitious to-d;»y
Assessor Dodge will start 100 fiel-J
deputies on preliminary work In tiie
matter of assessment valuations for
this year; It was intended to J->e?in
the work yesterday, but the inclem
ent weather changed the programme.
It will be the duty of the fleM dep
uties to leave blank statements at each
house in their respective districts, to
be filled out by the householder in
figures, representing what they pos
sess in personal belongings. These
blanks are to be filled out and re
turned to the Assessor on the l\a*t
Monday in March,' which fa't.3 this
year on the 7th, or within. flv» day*
thereafter. 1 The statements are dis
tributed" ten days in advance so th.-it
the collections of personal prayer l.y
taxes may commence in the beginning
of March.' '
YOUNG WOMAN ATTEMITS TO
END UFE WITH LAUDANUM
Mrs. *Mary Whitney Bocomes De
spondent and Takes Poison, Which
Druggist Thoughtfully Dilutes.
Mrs. Mary Whitney, a young woman
residing with her husband and two
children at the Winchester Hotel.
made an unsuccessful attempt to end
her. life by taking a dose of laudanum
last night. ; The druggist from -vyhom
she purchased the drug became sus
picious and mixed a' large quantity of
sweet oil with the poison and to this
the woman owes her life.
Mrs. Whitney has been despondent
over financial troubles for some time
and decided to. end her life yesterday.
She purchased the drug and went into
a restaurant on Third street and
drank half the contents of the bottle.
She was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital and treated by Dr. Stevens. Mrs.
Whitney. arrived in this city with her
husband and children about two
weeks ago.
Says Arc Lamps Are Xot Lit.
Ernest Brand of 2709 Buchanau
street complained to the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday that the, electric
arc lights^-on Buchanan- street, near
Broadway and Vallejo, are seldonj
lighted and are then extinguished be
fore 12 o'clock. Brand wants the
board to provide 'gas lamps on the
street and concludes his complaint by
saying: "If the neighborhood is to do
without. street light I should at least
like: to save the city from being de
frauded by being made to pay for
services not rendered."
Revising Rules of School Board.
' A number of principals met in the
office of Superintendent of Schools
Langdoh. yesterday to confer with
that* offlctal regarding the proposed
revision of the rules i of the Board of
Education. A long discussion was had
on the subject and it was decided to
recommend to. the board certain mod
ifications in the^rules which, it Js be
lieved, will achieve' better results 'in
the administration of school affairs.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
JfTkee Fast f rains%
SI Chicago and East II
la & Southern Pacific, Uobn Pacific and Chicago t Ncrth-Westera Ryi . W a
|1 11 Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment J/M
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; ff/&
all meals in dining cars. , MM
\p*f»V_ For sleeping car reservations, tickets »nd information jr$ fa
rak^lav appiy to ajent3 Southern Pacific Co., or t<j JSrjti&m
R. R. RITCHIE. General Aitent. JjrJgT
CHICAGO 1 KCRTK-WESTEBM RY.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at J):."JO a. m, throuffh in ;j day»,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trainsl
7:30 a. m. 1 fop Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8-00 %' m' I M ' rced - Hanford and Vtsalia.
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St., and
Terry Depot, 8. F. Also 1112 Broad-
. way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_iH3SSE!H3
UNFRANCISUQ Aftj NORTH PAGIFi:
RAILWAY COMCAST.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SAW BAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:."K>. S»:(^>. Hilda, m. ; li::»,
- 3:30, 5:10, «J:3t> p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAVS— 8 :U0. »:ao, 11:00 a', m.; 1:^0,
3:30,. 6 :C0. «:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAST FBANC1SCO.
| WEEK DAYS— 6:()5. 7:33. 7:50, U:^, 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — «:«>. »:4(>. 11:15 a. m. ; l:4O,
3:40. 4:55. 5:15, «:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 19<X). |San Francisco.
Week | Sun- I Destina- I Sun- | Week
Days. | days. ] tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 al 8:0<7al Polio 'ifS:V> a
iU:S0al Ienacio. - !o: H> a li>:-" ;i
8:3O pf 3:3O p'. rt;i.r. p «:2<>p
5:10 p| 5:00 p| 7:35 pi
~7~:30 a| | | »":10«| 8:40a
I 8:00 a| Novato, |to:40 a|10:3) a
3:30 p| 9:S0a Petalurna | «:CRpi 6:26 p
5:10 p 3:31' p ■ and I 7::»p|
I 5:00 p Santa. Rosa. I |
7:30 a| " 10:40 a|10:2»a
j 8:00 a Fulton. ":35p,VJ:20p
3:30p|3:3opf |
Windsor,
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburs, 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 pi 3:30 pf Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:29 p
. Cloverdale,
7:80a 8:0Oa Hopland I»:40at0:20a
3:30 p| 8:30 p arwi ITklah. 7:35pi 6:2»p
7:8Oal 6:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 pj «:2Op
"7:30a! 8:00a| » jlO:4O*a T6:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guerneville. |7:35p 8:20 p
7:30a| 8:00a Sonoma. [S:10al£:40a
5:10 p] 5:00 p Gleh Ell<-n. | 8:O,Vp[/6:2l) p
'7:3oa|T-oo"aI . |^>r4Oa|Io-:20a
S:3Op{ 3:3Op| S»ha»topol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
1 STAGES^onnect at Gre^n Brae for San
' Qucntln; at .Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
' SprtnRa; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark Wcst_
j Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
eerville for Skagps Springs: at Cloverdale for
; the Geysers. Boon<>ville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Srring3. HiKh'an 1 SprtnKs.
I Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Sofia Bay. Lake*
1 port and Uartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vtchy
Springs. Saratoga springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprlnss, Upper Lake. Pomo.
•Potter Valley. John Dav'g. Riverside, Lierly's.
Bucknclls, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr's
; Hot Springs, Halfway Home, Comptche, Camp
Stfvena, Hopkins, Mcndoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. L'sal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
: Weetporr. Sherwood. Canto. Covelr>. Layton-
vllle. Cummlr-ss. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
, sen's. Dyer. Oarbervllle, Pepp*rwood. S.otia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratea.
' On Sunday rcund-trlp tickets to all points,
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
i Ticket Offices, 630 Market street. .Chronicle
bulMlns.
H. C. WHITIN'O, R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave Via SausJit* t«rj I Arrive
Saa PnndKa fsst sf lUr^st >X San Francisco
Ve5 San- jm Sm» I Week
Days, days J&trtti'tfr&K d a y» ■ Day*.
IIMi '8:00a iSgi&teB&m 1«:O5p 10:401
•I:48f 9:00a K^sffVgStf l:»0p»:50?
0>l»p 10:00a %&N!«£«f t:»0p 5:50p
11:00a 4:50r t:8t»
: l:48p ' yBSgiW 5:5Op
, •«*»*» i T?Bn *
*<smbs* w» *f sW * Mpsss sal TIDsy Cs»j»
nClIT J 62S Makkjtt ST.,(Nortl» Shore RailroadJ
Vflfflsl I and SAVtAUtoPuLM.*, Foot Market St.
CONDEMNATION , SUITS
ORDERED DISMISSED
Government Secures All the I -mil It
Wants on the Yuba River for
Restraining Dam.
Acting Vnited Spates Attorney Gen
eral J. C. M. Reynolds instructed
United States District Attorney Wood
worth yesterday to dismiss the follow
ing named suits pending in the United
States Circuit Court: United States vs.
Frank V. George; United States V3.
Stephen Harriman, Archimedes Gold
Mining Company, and Charles H.
Brown, . J..E. Ebert and T. T. Williams,
associated together under the name of
the Bright Star Mining Company, and
two cases of the United States vs.
James O'Brien. The actions were
brought to condemn certain "tracts of
land along the Yuba river for the pur
poses of a dam to restrain hydraulic
mining debris.
The Government has_ already se
cured possession *of all the land It re
quires for that purpose. The cases
were accordingly dismissed.
Led Into Crime by a dlrl.
! James .Farrell, a plumber, 20 years
! of age, was booked at the City Prison
i yesteWay by Detective Braig on a
! charge of burglary. He was induced
by Bessie Keating, a girl 16 years of
age, to go with her to the rooms of
her aunt, .Mrs. Theresa Mayon," 431
Ellis street, on- the night of December
25 and steal a lot of Mrs. Mayon's
clothes. 1 The girl was sent to the Mag-
I dalen Asylum yesterday.
I / sufioiT \«*1 Trains leave and are
I (A OCCXN tttiASTA \*.\
\ w ' r »<j"Tgs I . 1 due to arrive at
VC>V^^^XV/ SAN FKANCXSCO.
\^ f. % 4 S (Mi! a Ltae, Ferry Depot.
*^2^ Foot of Martet Street »
"L««Tt — K»OM fKKBWABY 17.1^04- — A«Tfl |
" 7.00a VscaTllK Winter*. Kumsey « 7-50>
7.00 a Bcniclo, SnUun, Elmira »nd Bacrv
menc 7.20p
7J0a VUleJo. S»p», -Callstoc*. »«nt»
Kosa. Martinez. Saa E»mo» 8 20r
7-30a Jilles. Llrermore. Tracy, Latarop.
Stockton .. 7.20P
8 00* fnsst* Express— (Via DstIs),
Wititanis <fur Bartlett Sprtnipi),
Willows. tFruto. Ked Bluff,
Portland, T»com», Seattle 7.50>
8 00* D»ris,\Vooill«o<i. Kntsrhts Lauding.
Marysvllle. Orotllli! 750f
8.50a Port Costs, Martinez. Aatlocli.
Byron. Tr«cr. Stockton. Se»-
i&an. Los uanos. ilenilott,
Armona, Hanford. V 1 s » 1 1 v
'■■•I PorterTllIe ... 4.20?
C 30a Port Costa. Marttnr z. Tracr, Latl»-
rop. .Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Goshen Jooction, Ilaaford, ."'I*.
Visalla. nalcer»n<nd 4.BW
8-30a Nlles. San Jo»e. LlTermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). luae. Sacramento.
Placerrllle. MarysTllle, Cnlco,
Bed Bluff 4-20p
840a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
nor», Tuolnmne and Angels 4.20>
900a Atlantic Express-OgdcnsndEw. 11.20a
930a Klchmond, Jlartlne* and way
Stations 8 50?
10 00a The OTerlund Limited — Ogden.
DenTer. Omaha, Culcsgo. 820e
1000a Vsllejo .•••• 12.20f
1000a Los Anjteies Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinex. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Haymond, Fresno, Ooshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. Vl*a!!a.
Bukersfleld. Los Angeles 7-20*
1200" Hsywsrd. NMlesund W»y Stations. 320p
ttXOr 8»cr«mentoKlTer Steamers tII.OOp
3 30r Bcnlcla. - Winter*. Sacramento.
Woo.lland. Knights Landing.
iUrysTllle, OroTllle and way
stations 1050*
J.30P Hsyward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 750p
3 30 1» Port Costa. Martinez, r.yron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 20?
3-30r Jlarilnei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 00> Martlnez,SnnUnmon.ValleJo,Nspa,
CallttOKB. Santa Rosa 9 20*
4C0p Klles, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4 20p
4 30r Hay ward. Nlles. IrvlaRton. Ssnl t8.60%
Jose. Livermore j... J 111.50*
6 OOP The Owl Limited— Newman. I.nt
Bsnos. Mrndoui. Fresno. Toisre.
BakersQeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
- Oakland to Los Anwl". for L nl-
cago. rla C. It. I. * P 8 50k
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 20?
t530r Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7 29v
I 600p Jlayward. NITes and San Jose 9 iO*
6 CO r Eastern Express— Opdeo. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louts. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Bealcla. Sut-
tun. Elmira. Darts, Sacramento.
Hocklln, Auburn, Colfas.
Trurkee. Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemnecs 6 20*
6. OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Rn .
7.00r Vsllejo, Sunday only f ' ovr
7 OOp Richmond, Ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11. 20a
J.OBr Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, MaryxTllle. Redding.
Portland, Paget Sound and Ea«t. 8-50 A
8.101" Hayward, Klles and San Jose (daa*
d»r oniri 11.60*.
COAST LINE (S«rr»n u« ? »).
(Foot of MurEet Street.)
8-15a Newark, CenterTllle. San Joss,
Felton. Boulacr Creek, SanU
Crux and Way Stations 5-55r
t215r Kewark. Ccnterrtlle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatoi.Fe:toa.
boulder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations HO 35*.
4-16r Kewark. Ban Jose, LosGatoa and i t8-5S *
way stations ) :10 65 a
a9 30r Hunters Train. Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Los Oaton Sunday only. t7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From HAN *'HAMl.sCO. Foot of Market St. <-^UpH»
— 11:15 »:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 515r.M
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 tS:O)
t8:05 10.00 a.m. 12.00 2 00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Hroad «a»ge).
%3T Clnlrd and l'uArn»eud Streets-)
8.10a San Jo«e and Way Stations 8 30p
7 00* San Jose and Wny Stations 6-38P
8 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
■ 00a The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose.
Gllroy (connection »">r Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajaro. Castrovllle (con-
nectlon to and from Monterey
and Pacific Urore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. 8anta Mar-
garita. San Lnls OMspo, principal
stations thence Surf (connectlcn
for Lom;>»ie). principal stations
thence Santa Bi}rbara,San Baenv
venliini, Sausus. Los Angeles... 10 45'
8.00a Bai Jove. Tre* Plnos, Capltola,
nantaCrnz.PactflcOrore.Sallaas.
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Stations 4-IOp
10.30a Ssn Jose and Way Stations 120?
11.30a gsnta Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoi
and Way Stations 7.30p
1 30p 8an Jo*e and Way Ststions 8 38*
3 U0r Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
£an Jose. Del Monte. MonteTey. •
Psdfie Grore (connects at S»nt»
■c:»r» for Santa Cruz. Bonltter
Creek sod If arrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Uolltstcr. Tres
Plnos. at Cnstrorllle for Salinas. 1 215'
5-30P Tres Plnos Way Passentrer 10 45*
-4 30? Ban Jose and Way Stations, 18.00a
t5 00r £aa Jose, (rto Santa Clara) Los
-: tistos. and Principal Way Sta-
Uoos (except Bandar) t900a
;t 30r SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatlons 13 40a
• COr booset Limited.— Kedwocd. Snn
Jose,Gllroy.Sallnas,Paso Koblea,
&an Luis Ubispo. Santa Barhafm,
Los Anreles. l>emln?. El Pato,
Kew Orleans. Sew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and at CuatroTin*. for Paclfle
Grore and Way Statfcns 7-10\
16 ■1Ef£8ullntro.Berfsfnrt.l5<"ln-.ont,S*n
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8 49A
6 30r Ean Jose and Waj StiUtons. 6-38a
8 OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
11 .30* bouth San Franctsco. Millbrae. Rur-
Iinirame, San MaMo. Belmont.
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
-Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9-4Sp
•11-SOp May field. Mountain View. Sonay-
rale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose ».48>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a 6aturd»7 only.
i Slops at all stations on Sanday.
X3>~ Only trains atoppinic at Valencia Sw sovthbovad
«reh:10A.MH«:WA.M., 11:» a.m.. 3:UOi".l«, 6:30 P.M. »ad
l-.COp.Jt
- J
ross valleY; *
gfrvigjg v^fflt^ *? i* MILL VALLET>
IraSj^Ei^ CAZADERO, Etc.
tf$gj£j|j|£$g|j|jS3l Via aansallto Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Impart* from Ma Franci.c ? Dally T.oO. 8:00,
8 FR0M SAN'RAFAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily 5 13 «»:35. 7:*». 8:^5. 9.X5. U:ou a.
m.?^lJ:"»\' l:«. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45, *:43.
8 M^sHa Valley to san-fban-
rit>CO--Da'ly 5:45. 6:53, 7:52. 8:5j. 9:53.
11 rTuT^m:. 12:35. U:0O. 3:15, 4:05. 5:1*. 8:05.
7:05. l»:0«. lo:"?5 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8lM> a m. dally — Caiai«fro and way station*.
5:15 p". m. week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomalcs and way stations.
3:15 .!>. m. Saturda>-»— Cazadero and way
" SundaVs only— 10 a. m.. Point Rey«« aad
way • stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62* Market st.
FEIUIY— Union Depot, foot of Market at-
1112
JOH2X X>. SPBECXEI.S. Proprietor.
lias. QnmiBttB.ti JOBI EcIATOH!!. Hragr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A'k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
occt You With the Department You Wish.
ruV.lca.tion Office.. ...Market acd Third. S. F.
Editorial Iloom 217 to 221 Stevenson Et.
l>!!vercd by Carrier?. S9 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. I>r"iIor.'V Single Co;>ios 5 Cents
Ttrm. bj Msil including Postage iCash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (incIUd. Sunday). 1 year... $8 00
DAILY CALL Onrlud. Sunday). 6 ir.os 4 00
DAILY CALL— By BtOCU Month •»?
6C2CDAY CALL. 1 Yiar 2.-0
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 °°
FOPEIGV f Cai!y. . .$880 Per Year Extra
Jj;i'i7^ 1 Hund.y. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \iveekly. 1.00 P<r Year Extrm
ALL POSTMASTERS ARH AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall «ub«crlber« in ordering change of ad-
dress «hould ba particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDKESS in order to Insur* a.
prompt aci correct compliant* with their i»-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICT5.
21«S Center Street Telephone North 77
■WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
FAMVEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aT«-
tue Hotel and Hoffxren House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fh»man House: P O. News Co.; Great'
Northern Hotel; Tr«SBont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Paiiaer House.
CHICAGO r.EPP.ESENT.tTT.VE:
C. GEORGE KROONESS..Marqcette Building
tLong Distance Telephone. •'Central 2C19.")
JCEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca',1 corner :.:.-. ri.«-t and Third ftreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: •
1C0S Market eireet, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. 3i.
C!7 Montgomery rtreet. corner Clay; open un-
::1 9:30 p. in.
."Oft Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
BS9 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
n."> Larkin street; op<-n until 9:30 p. m.
J9«l Mission sircet; open until 10 p. m.
V."'l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til & p. m.
lOfl Eleventh street; or»n until 9 p. m.
JOyc Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northcaet corner Church and Duncan street*;
open ur.til 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
:ucky Ftreets: open until 9 p. m.
.mi;i:ti>u notices.
AXNTAly meeting cf Yerba Buena .jg,
Ix>dge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. jf
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be f\
held in CommandTy Hall, Masonic UQy.
Temple, on THURSDAY EVEN- V=S?
ING. February 25, 1»<>4. at S o'clock. Elec-
tion of officers. HENRY BURNER.
' :'-" -'-■■ Secretary-
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — «g
Spf-cial meeting THIS (THURSDAT)VV
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. P. M. and /V\
M. E. M. degrees. By order of the
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and~jT «
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VV
LTVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Third /V\
dt-eree.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. «
— Special meeting THIS <THURS-"VV f
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /^\
TT.ird degree. Master Masons cor*
<Jia!ly invited. By crder of the W. M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. <g
F. and A. M.. meet* THIS <THURS-"%/y
DAY* EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, f or
third degree. Master Masons cordially
invited. By order of the Master.
C. <_'. HARE. Secretary-
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — «
First degree THIS (THt.*RSDAT)VY
EVENING, st 7 :ZO o'clock. By order /^f\
of the Matter.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secret ry.
STARR KING Lodge No. 344, F. and jj
A. M.. ai7 Devisadero et. First de->^V*
zr*r THIF EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Master Masons cordially invited. By
order of ihe W. M.
" A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
YKRDA Baer.a Lodge No. 15, I. O. »w<«- fc^
•■ m**t* THIS «THUP.S-;^«fiSJK2t
: Al I EVENING, Feb. 25 iv.-'/rrSf^ 5^
itiatory degne. Visiting and so-
jcuming brothers courteously Invited
Wil. R. DORR. Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. W1FEWELL. Rec. Sec.
THE San Francisco Frottish Thistle v C7 *,
Club merts THIS THURSDAY at?, A,W
► p. m.. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Far- «WJt©f
re 11 st. Smoker follows.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Clue:.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
ANNUAL MEETING — Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
of the rtockholders of the Peauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market street,
loom 4. second floor, in the city and couaiy
of San Francisco. State of California, on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March. A. D.
1H04. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board or Director*
to eerve for the ensuing yt-ar and for the
transaction of such other business as may
j rrperly come before the meeting. Transler
books will close on TUESDAY, February 23
1904. at the hour of 3 o'clock Dm
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation «;ompaxy. 3^7 Market st. San
Francis.-n, CaL
ANNUAL MeeMng— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — The r^cular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be held at the offlce
cf the company. 327 Market st. (room 4,
*econd floor), in the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March. 1904 at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Director* to
serve for th« ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf such other business as may
properly come before the meeting Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY Febru-
ary 20. 1904. at the hour of 3 o'clock d m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. 327 Market et.. San Fran-
risco. California. San Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
16, 1 004 .
NOTICE of ■rmual stockholder** meeting— The
regular annual meeting of stockholder.
, f* oc i"',? 1 OU CotT 't Mn J r <a corporation!
V' 1 **>. « eM ",* th * r>fflr * of the company
*>\-enth floor. HaywArd building. £an Fran
Cisco California, on MONDAY • 29th dav
cf February. 1904. et the hour of 10 a m
for the purpose of electing a Board o'f Direct'
cr* to t-erve fcr the ensuing year and th»
tranractlrm of wich other buslnesi ac mav
com* before the mw-tir.c. This noitce Is
print'd in the San Frar.clsco Call by order
and direction of Bnard of Directcs of A«
•ccuted OiJ Company. "'
O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
Office— Eleventh fioor. II ay ward building
Fan Frar.clsco. r«l. Dated Feb. 16. 1904."
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceiv*d application to mine by hydraulic prc-
t*« from the N>w Highland Gold and Cod-
1*t Mining Comr-ary. m Mameluke gravrl
ir.lr:e. near Georgetown. HI Dcrndo County
Cal.. draining Ir.to Canyon Creek, which
loaches American River, give* notice that
a meeting will be he'.d at room 96 Flood
O8IMMC, San Francisco. Cal.. March 7. 1304
f T 1 *«>^ »V tTl. *
,;^v: ACKVTS WAXTED.
* VOr U CT .^ An aCfarv &* a rropo^m'c'nThTr'ii;
« derided improvement on building and lonn
:•- worth ha-.~r.fr. Great Western Improve-
ment company. Parrot! building.
AGENCIES for every city of tne~UnTion for the
Jg?" <"
j AOVrKTISEMEITT WEITOTO.
HAVING recently acquired through~ exchanci
rf property three $40 fcholarshipa In thebest
College of Advertising in the United State..
I will «ll them at 25 per < -nt discount for
re«h; the college teaches advwtlseroent writ-
ing fcy ecrrefpendene* and osslrtii It. grad-
tate» to •ecure positions; <ata!ogt]ei fur-
rjthxi cc rpnllcatlon Anarcy« bog 3fg8. Cult.
■•Tlt)nSE»t-AT-U\v;
n. W. KING. Atton5cy-at-Law.~Exam~bldg~
ICth floor, rmraive room CU; established 20
>>ars; all caws, general court and office prac-
tice: fjO fee In advance cr for consultation;
t-v*nir-£9 by appointment. Tel. Red 30C1.
L. 8. CLARK, S27 Market -t.; consultation
free; no fee* in advance; cpen evenings.
ATTOnXEV-AT-LAW — Continued.
ATTOnXEV-AT-LAW — Continued.
""\v7~ji.~BITTNEl^
ATTORNEY .\ND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice Free. Phone South 74.".
Puite .:22, Emma KprvckPls Building.
Divorce? quietly and legally obtained for
risl'l causes: damages 6<-cur«l for Injuries to
pel son cr estate; replevins for property un-
lavfntly detained: attachments and {rarnish-
luenta for debts: bends furnished: bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated: rotates fettled;
co'lectit'tis rr.adt* In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save monev: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
KFtablished yrs.; rn-.s. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 6. 1st fl.
1122 Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
~ ADVICE FREE
Columbian I*aw nnd Collection Agency.
Hoom 83. 010 Market fci. : tel. John «',22S.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advire
frf»: o;»e» evenings. 927 Market St.. rra. -'IQl.
nrsixKss^jiniAACE^
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per daiy: will Bell or trade
for lodging-house. See R, O. WILKE, 26^4
Kearny et.
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In choic-
est location; rent $80; dally receipts about
$70- a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. 2CH K?aray ft.
A — $850: CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
«nd Stockton ets.; rent $75: a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no cpposlticn; in thri»ir.g country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms. 2 etories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; rrice $3600; not all cash required; a
pood business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny et.
A — $7.50; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California »t». ; elegant fixtures; a. good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See It. G.
WILKt:, 26 H Kearny et.
A — $+000; CORNER saloon, with leaae; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years: fullest investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 2GVJ Kearny et.
A — $.><XX»: GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a flrst-class paying business;
other investments only cause of sale. Bee
R G. WILKE. 20^j Kearny st.
A — $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4^4 barrels
per day; daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20 Lj Kearny at.
A — $350; THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
Etcre; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. K4 Kearayst.
A— $500; BRANCH .bakery and candy etore.
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE.. 26 'j Kearny st.
A — $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St.. Market and Stockton;
place epeaks for Itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
A — $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease: rent $G5; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G,
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $450: FURNITURE store on Valencia St..
with large basement. 2 living rooms; rent
$22 50: investigate this cheap offer and a
great bargain. R. G. WILKE, 2«>4 Kearny.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. ccr Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candj and Ice cream parlors ... $200 to $2500
Barber Ehops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Ealoocs $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $UO00
Delicatessen stores $250 to $1500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR Fale cr trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; tssays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'rng house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
veans; clears over J200 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOP. sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $lo0 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
A CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and "electrical supply store; rent
$40; «-ell located: clearing $a00 per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
stand strict investigation; price $8000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale — Beautifu! mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best Interior
city in State; l^ss than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies. 2 cobt; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chickors. etc.; big money to be made;
price $2250; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsofh 1848,
BUSINESS AGENT.
617 Market et.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPF.N EVENINGS.
A — SPECIAL bargain; oyster and chophouse;
old established; fine location. Make offer to
BROOKBANK.
A— $500; DELICACT store; north Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK. .
'A— $200; PARTNER In well-established offlce
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbar.k.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nlshed. BROOKBANK.
A— $700: SALOON; old established; finely flt-
ted Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
don't fail to see thjs. BROOKBANK.
A — $325; 6- ROOM corner flat on Larkin et.;
good location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
A — $C00; OYSTER and chop "house; corner busy
et. ; daily recptis $30; cheap rent. Brookbank.
A :-. a
TRY KREDO & CO 765 MARKET ST.
A— $600; LAUNDRY route, clears $150 month.
$550; paying restaurant business; choice.
$300; cigar stand; transfer corner; $15 daily.
$5000; hotel, Humboldt Co.; 3 acres realty.
$CO0: baker?': estab. Voute KREDO &. CO.
A — $750; SALOON; receipts $800 mo.; bargain;
fixtures worth $600."Kredo & Co., 765 Mkt.
SEE the Twentieth Century Co. for a good In-
vestment. Room 218, Emma Spreckels bldg.,
027 Market st.
FOR the newest device on the market, see the
Twentieth Century Co., room 218, Emma
PpreckelK bldg.. 827 Market st.
THE Twentieth Century Co. ha* the best
money-maker on the market. Room 218,
Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Market ft.
A DELICACY an* branch bakery; one of the
best propositions in the city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
S=KIRM. 6 Eddy et.. room 72.
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop; 4
chairs; Al business; only $300; 10 others.
BKIRM, 6 Eddy ft., room 72.
SMALL INVESTMENTS— BIG RETURNS.
A steady monthly . income; very profitable
and safe in straight business; no risk; a
chance to make money. International Fi-
nance Co.. 231 Post, room <i. San Francisco.
GENTLEMAN of fine appearance, speaking
KngliFh and German perfectly, will Invest in
legitimate business. Box 4315. Call offlce.
\
1 WILL fell at a reasonable price my half-
lnttn-et in a lumber yard and planing mill
In a town not far from San Francisco;
have a. good trade and bU6lness Is increasing.
Address box 2583. Call offlce.
A GROCERY Iii a flrst-class mining
tOTn within a day's ride of this city; good
traae and I will eell as I have other and
larger Interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 2060. Call offlce.
WANTEp — A partner in a good river-boat en-
terprise. Box 2055, Call offlce.
ftOO BUYS >/4 interest In . fine paying offlce
business; $75 monthly guaranteed; steady,
reliable man wanted: no experience required;
hours 9 to 5. Call 209 Kearny. room 1.
GROCERY, wholesale liquor: fine chance for
man and wife or two young men; cheap
sent; Elckness. Address 1501 Guerrero st.
• / ■ ■ - ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, .FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
BCSIXKSS CHAPfCKS^-Contlnneil.
A— $100 REWARD
«WIH be paid for l^sal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
* Incori>oratod urnler the laws of California.
Capital stock. S50.C0O. -
927 Market st.; rccms U21, S22," 323. 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete, and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing room with 1G tables and Imported Vienna
chain--; the best carpet.s mpney can buy
throughout: finest linen -and beet silver serv-
ice; 10 years' l"ase; $30,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927-Market st.
a"sXf"e"investment~
J1000 cash and KrvlCC* s?oure .iitPr»^t and
office of treasurer in nn Incorporated realty
ard investment company: $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GEHMAXIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— i 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business esiab. U. years in S. F.
• GERMANIA INVEST.^CO.. 927 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton' Bay
Co. $25; will be worth J200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, 12500, part cash: corner
saloon, on water front, $1100. paying brewery
business, J-500. or will sell part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
AN exclusive manufacturing business for
Bale, all or one-half Interest; patented in the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
eeller and big proflta Box 2062, Call.
ESTABLISHED ladies' tailoring business for
sale; must be sold at once; good reasons for
selling. Address box 104S, Call offlce, Oakland.
FOR sale^ — Oyster and chop house; in cholcert
location; Including furnished rooms; cheap.
Address box 213.*), Call office.
i DELICATESSEN store for sale In a good
business location In Western Addition. Box
2554. Call office.
$600 — GROCERY and bar stocked! iii good
location; roo-ns attached; rent cheap. Box
2541. Cal! office.
MANUFACTURING plant; operating needs a
little cash and a good man. Box 2145, Call.
WANTED — A rood salesman. Room^lS. Em-
ma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market St.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Call 321 Bryant.
WANTED — A candy store; state price and full
particulars. Box 2550. Call.
SMALL hair dres?ing parlor; fine stock of hair
gcods; bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM, 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
BrDderlck St.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
LyODGI.ta-HOL'SUS FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment bouse in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent x>er year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1% P«r cent; fine buy; onfy
$1250.
126 room.; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; 'all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys in the city.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
12C rooms; 'fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in *30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears ?f>0: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price f8'->0.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture: newly painted and papered; clearing
$S0 month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room. new. modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $t00 per month: every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
CO rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price $2000.
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-clags. up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axmlnuter carpets; beautiful flat. ~
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets: good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak. furni-
ture; good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for. landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
46 rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar, well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant » new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
ball!; everything modern; first-das^ grill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 6-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clears
ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 room.; rent $95; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
B rooms; Geary; rent $26; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200. * -
24 rooms; rent only $136; flrst-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra^ fine carpets: clears $95; price
$lS0Oi half cash, balance 1*4 P«r cent.
29 rooms; rent $85; lease; 'newly renovated
and furnished; can g't 10 more rooms; good
thing; $1500. 'y^t.
71 rooms; elegant, new. modern ,bulidlng; In
on<» of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date: 9-year lease; >-ent only $200; clear-
lag $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
63 rooms: Market St.; rent only $300; fine
transient hoti6e: very, central: liquor license;
can clear 5250 to $350 per month: must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get in, balance time; big snap.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carp«t*: 5-year lease: running ' water; new
building; clears $150; $1COO down; $2800.
35 rooms; rent only $150; close In; thorough-
ly renovated; put In flrst-class condition; can
be run transient If. desired: clears now $185
per .month: part cash, balance time; good
money-maker.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light, rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $sno
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
127 rooms: rent $4 r>«r room; new and mod-
ern building: 6 years' lease: can have 125
more rooms built adjoining; all, men; always
full: clears $aCO to $400 per month; fine prop-
osition.
50 rooms; new: modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very ■ central ; flrst-class ■ proposition.
~~ WINSTON & WOLF, T ~~"
1028 MARKET ST. 1026 MARKET ST.
16 rooms:-rent $65;' well furnished. .... ..$675
24 rooms; rent $45; north of Market.... .$425
28 rooms; rent $60; Howard st ......$1300
30 rooms; rent JBOi^best of furniture. ..$1800
CO rooms; rent $250; near Sutter $5500
OS rooms; rent $4 50 room; new modern. $0500
115 rooms; cheap rent; elegant apart. .. .$5500
Telephone Jessie 2211.' , * .' . ■. '
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st.
A — $1000: houce of 30 rooms, 37 beds; rent $100,
lease of 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKIE. 28%. Kearny st,
A— $950: LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$100; located close to Market and Stockton;
good furniture and first-class paying. . B, G.
WITJCK 2lilt Kurnv «*- - ■, ;■ ■
]FREE| A.:.i10ST.:.USEPUL.:.GIPT | FREE]
; TO ALL CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS'
I IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL \
I The "Glow Night Lamp":
1 NEATLY BOXED
' A SCIENTIFIC WONDER! !
' NO SMOKE! NO SMELL! • NO WASTE!
! N ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEAK.
/£z^sS=J-'' 3 J '"l fi^^s^S*^=^rX Lamp, showing- construction of Bulb, :i .::-, ; .■ * ■■• \^^*>.
/^^^^^^fi^r^^pSk wick and llfter as ta use ' /<^P-'i^'4 : ''^^4'^v^v s^^ '
BURNS '.KEROSENE OIL.
. • Made in colors Opal, Green, Blue, ,¥ «r«^ (
Style No. I. t Purple, Amber and Ruby.* • Style No. 2. • \
! ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS. '
i Invaluable for Bedrobms. Sick Chambers, All-night Hall and Bath Room Light, Nurseries, '
Lavatories, Dressing Rooms, Staircases, etc., etc. f
This invention has for its object the production of a novel lamp, particularly desirable for use as a I
night lamp. Lamps for this purpose, need-not produce a large flame; in fact, a comparatively small flame is (
' more desirable;^ but it is^also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without refilling <
1 and without attention and without emitting any odor. These results are positively obtained. Directions
for use with each lamp. '
-TELL YOUR WANTS— — |
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S. CALL I i
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR j
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising: medium. \
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday, Call issued, so you are really talking to '
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our '
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. £ '
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun- <
day's Call. - \ <
■ ■ ■ ■ "'' <
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at;
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets; . '
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. {
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. , \
627 Montgomery street, cornef Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ,
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. * "
639 McAllister street ; open until 9:20 p. m. . i
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. / /' (
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p.m. ,
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. '
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. (
• • Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open,until 9 p." m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky. streets; open until 9 p. m. (
,. 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. ..- ■'*: v
OAKLAND OFFICE: ? ' . (
111S Broadway :. .....►..*. Telephone Main 1083
'• ■ \ - - . t
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2143 Center Street ' .'.. ........ North 77 '
—————— — ', , jjj\ . ,■ .. . .
ALAMEDA OFFICE: ■/%/
Schneider's Book Store r--"- ••• Park Street '
iiOPr.ixG HOII? ! T '?. S .. F . OR SAT^"~r??:
MARION GRIFFIN,
400 Hoarst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3fi07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every Eale.
We do business strictly according to law.
16-room apartment-house; 5 blocks north of
Market st. ; almost no work for landlady;
clears a little over $50 month; now $850;
was S1250.
Would you pay $2000 down and run & transient
house fcr $500 monthly profit?
14 rooms near First Conjn-egational Church;
rent $45; straight rooming-house; clears
$47 75 per month: oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes the sale.
50-room apartment-house, nicely located on a
corner, near Van Ness ave.: full fif nice peo-
ple; thoroughly respectable and reliable.
60 rooms, well and favorably known; owners
will grant free access to their account books
anO prove that the clear profit Is $300 month;
elevator; electric lights; modern all through.
..REMEMBER— First, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
S70 a month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay ?500 down, for .we will lend
• you the balance, payable in monthly In-
stallments.
LITTLE payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; northeast corner; 6 blocks north of
Market: price $1000; better see it before buy-
Ing elsewhere.
Sco this Item: corner apartment-house of 150
rooms elegantly furnished: always full and
clearing J514 monthly: Inexpensively ope-
rated compared with other houses of similar
character; low rent; clears 40 per cent per
nnnum on purchase price.
50-room house; perfectly appointed; very cen-
trally located: elegantly furnished laat April
in the best furniture and carpets obtainable:
electricity for elevator and lights; hot water
■in each room; lease, for 0 years; income $496
. over rent; all large single rooms and roomers
all business men.
Brand new house 4 blocks north of Market: 80
large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year,
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300. owing to management.
US rooms. $0500; rent $330; income $800 per
month; lease if desired: LOOK at the rent-
remarkably low; NOTE the income.
NEAV house, 29 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
' $60; only men roomers; price $1500; all cash.
23 rooms on Sutter pt.; rent $75; well fur-
nished; all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month. ;
Spot cash ($425) before February 27 takes a
16-room house north of Market; new build-
ing; rent $45; 10 rooms newly and elegantly
furnished; 6. rented unfurnished; 4 big bay
windows. ' ___
$275 per month income over rent: LARGE
house on Market; crlce $3500: half cash and
small monthly Installments: furnishings in
good order; it's O K for any one with $1750
in bank.
V.i rooms: MARK what we claim: good build-
ing, new Axminster and velvet carpets, beau-
tiful blrdseyo maple. - oak and mahogany
furniture, bought new last August: lease;
$100 per month put into bank; nicely located;
5 blocks north of Market st.
32 rooms, $2000; clears $150 month; lease for 3
years: transient and permanent; sunny side
of street: good business for two people.
A NICELY furnished 5-room flat on principal
Btreet; one block from Market st.; fitted com-
pletely for baths and massage. Call 116 Tay-
lor st. -
$1000-^TO be pold for' the mortgage; 14 ele-
gantly furnished rooms; fine oak furniture;
new carpetsj; cost $2000. 806 Ellis st.
25-ROOM lodging-house; good payer; close in;
$1650.. 5SC Tenth St., Oakland. ■ . :v .'' ■-■ r
$16(tO: 23 ROOMS; fine furniture and carpets:
north of Market; good income. Box 1754, Call.
SNAP — Lodging-house, 100 rooms; furniture
new; this weekonly.at 24 Turk.st.
54- ROOM corner ; house: Sixth; near Market;
house always full: must eell. Box 2116. Call.
FURNISHED house. ■. 8 1 rooms I and bath ; . must
•: -ull: narty leaving city. 311 Leavenworth : st.
UUKjI\C HOUSES FOR SALE t: ° n -_
C. E. HINKL.EY, PHONE MINT 790.
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence, rromptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable ifeallngs. Easy terms.
20 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $40. ...$575
CO rooms; .trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 r«oms; rent $30; amazingly low price.. $350
34 rooms; rent j»5O; just think..... $1550
2.1 rooms; rent $3">; one floor $1100
6 room*; rent $20; a pick-up $130
20 rooms: clears $80; rent $40 $S30
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60.... $1000
1G room?; rent $50; clears $63: terms 5030
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1800
12 rooms; California et. ; rent $50; snap.. $750
10 rooms; Geary st. : clears $4f>: rent $2S..*500
18 rooms; 6 unfurnished: rent $45 $425
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished $450
A BRANCH offlce of Tho Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open nntil 11 p. m.
LODGIXG-HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED — A cood lodging house, ono that
will bear investigation. Add, box 126. Call.
MRS. DR MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
'advice I cuaranteee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will brinr reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall^ most
patisfactory. $2; readings dally. $l:deveIop-
Ingcla^a^hJllrsd2y^_8_PJJn^_6^_££^y_f^_ -
M5IE TOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
. night. 10c; come, skeptics. 610 McAllister.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seanee to-
night 8 o'clock: $1. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS LESTER. 325 Turk st.; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read, dally ;cir.Tues.&Thur.25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant'" and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy et. Phona Scott 887.
CLAIKVOYAST3.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
. • \ .; j •■' Call at once and save $1.
Hi* former $5 readings this -week for
$1. $1. $U $1. $L $1. It, $1. $1. ILj
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to be full Judge.)
% ■
PAUL. DESTINE. V
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true o*r: false; tell whom and when you
will marry,- in fact I will tell every hop«,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
: Ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and buried. treasures and insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a, m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to 6. .
326— O'Farrell st.— 326. ; r ._ >.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at' 17 Third Bt., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, ■ gives an
accurate description of tho past, reveals. the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented,' or . not - satisfied ■ with life, or
. have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and yon will be told
how j to overcome them; valuable advice in
' all affaire of life; 25c up;' satisfaction guar-
anteed: readings bymall. Tel. Btack 4500.
MR3. A. H.' KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
; ; voyant, card reader: when others fail try me;
. rood readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
•CLAIRVOYANTS Continued.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
bt.,.cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. K. M. PANDERS" '
Advice given on all kinds of business:
teacher of mental suggestion anrl the new
thought. 1000 Sutter st. Phone 2563 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city:
palmists, clairvoyant*, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
■ people in San Francisco- since our arrival:
they ar» satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. & palm.;
S I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
' trouble, bus. and financial success; names:
. L.. 5Oc; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. RAVENNA reads life; business advice;
names given; 23c up. Office hours, 10 a. m. to
5 PiT m., 5 4th et.; 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at resl-
j dence. 835 Howard st. ; Sundays at residence.
MISS M. WILXE, crystal seer, life reader:
-wHhout asking a question reads your entire
life: special, $1 this week only. 46O Geary.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 Vi 6th; la. 25c, g. 50c.
MISS "WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, rms
11-12;' gives- dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city
26'/4 Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents 60c.
MADAM FERN. % card reader of 109 Fifth St..
removed to" 118 Ninth st.
MRS. BAl'MANK, the well-known fortune-
teller. 1» now at 317 Ellis st. •
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BE AT IX G _ A X D CLBAXIXG.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpet*
on floor, without removal; price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co. Call
building. Phone Main 6237. » v
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
n>nd /or SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing. Works. 355-357 Teharaa «.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carp*t Cleaning Work's. 1800 Har-
rlron St.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BRO3.; excellent carpet beating- mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 21ft
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter it.-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harison st. : tel. Mission 283.
CONKIJN'S Superior Carnet-beatlns Work»i
333 Golden Oaf ave.: ttflephon* East 26.
coiiIiEctzost ornras.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectlmis^adei
£A y iV* ~ un , tr7 - PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10: tel. 53S9.
TO LET.
NEW 3-room cottage In SausalitoPon^beach^
lease for i yg^ c - m - :
4 -ROOMS: 8 Wolf* st: rent $12; key at 4
V.nlff «t.; Folsom-st. rars.^
j . < rcggjL?jgg T jg»E'
WHO?— Hunter. 120« Market' st.: $100; ruptur^
cure for S10; circular explains; send for on*.
l^KK^>^KEns^AXD SKAMSTUKSSi:. 1 *
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe^autlng^doubl?
stamps en dres« linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsota 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve claw 1019 Mkt.
DEXTISTS.
DR^MURPIIY"504-5-f. CaHaghan bldg..Mark-t
and McAllister sts.. uses the Kasford Obtun-
der; the only device ewr Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth w.thout
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
I DR. LUDLrU HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
i — No charge fcr extracting when plates ar»
made; old plates made over like new; teeta
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
. plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 SlxtX
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. OFarreil.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fliMnga. 23c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. J2; no
paln:open Sundays. Dr.O B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
EDIXATID.NAI,.
NIGHT AND DAY SCHOOLS for men ani
working boys; instruction from the flftn
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty Instructors: private coaching; night
law school; Instructors from University of
California and Stanford "University: Indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers dyuamos engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal' engineering, assaying; students have all
Other privileges of the association If desired;
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to th«
city directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men or
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and cr>lleg"?s in tna
United States: mechanical, freehand draw-
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and oth*r specialties, advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money.
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the lntertor. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Practical Education for Men and Boys. H. J.
McCoy General Secretary. San Francisco.
Address all communications to LE ROY
BURNS SMITH. Educational Director.
AYRES th<> leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st'.; established IS years; life scholarship.
$50: bookkeeping shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions secure. i;
the college refurnished with new typewriter*
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department o? the Paul Orson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from fi to 12 years of age; Miss LIlMan
Muscio principal: exceptional a<-»vantages:
largest" school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mas<in.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count: on moving into our new and elegant
building we war.t 800 students; come r.r.d
Join the grpat school of the West: 75-pag*
catalogue. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, .in accredited preparatory school
for the university law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford pntem*
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bid?.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California: both adult ami
children's classes are now open for the 3eaaon.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 2* POST, ft
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue 'fre<».
A LAHGER and better school than ever; ent*»r
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 12H« Market st.
ATTEND Oallagber-Marsh Business College on
advice of oflkial court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog-.
WESTERN' Business College. Odd Fellows' bM. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc. ; day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. meeh.. sur-
vey assay, cyanide: day, ev. ;est.lSi>4. Van
• (JerNaillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCrNG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday." Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard at., near
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo. ;
mandolin club $1 per mo. 823 Haight st.
ESPANOL. — Metodo practico y progresivo, '.
Rafael Serrano. 5G0 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BAJSJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 4»52 Geary at.
$75 TUITION of the California Business Col-
lege for sale. $50. Box 2549, Call.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. l."50 Pest st.. room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION D*y an*
PARTINGTONS.. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25o half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMEST OFFICES.
GETyour help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 135.1
Pine, nr Jap. M. B. Church ; i hen- Pom 3660.
GEORGE AOK1, 421 Pest St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment off.ee; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42u Powell at. Tel. Main 57CX
FRITZ'S Err p. Offlce; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Jalpanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mala 31S&
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
TeL Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay.
EMI'LOVME.\T WASTED KOlALli.
A RECOMMENDED Swedish cook In or near
San Rafael; best of references. Can be «e«a
at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S. 334 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID and laundress: best of city
references. Apply to J. F. CROSE^T &
CO., 334 Sutter St.
STENOGKAPHEB. and Remington operator do-
sires position where experience may be ac-
. quired: formerly of Heald's Business Colleg-».
229 Franklin st.
AMERICAN woman, day worker, yet unoccu-
pied, wishes home in gentleman's hou«e la
return for services; best references. - Address
Advertiser. 1204 Mission St.
RFSPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po-
sition: neat; good cook; no pbjectWn to coun-
try. Address Housekeeper. 2f»H Eddy st.
SITUATION wanie-1 as working housekeeper:
competent to take full charge of home. Call
34 Sixth St., room 17.
A WOMAN desires cooking or second work In
a family; $30. Call 32i Mason; phone Black
2306.
STRONG person to assist In earing for invalid
lady. Call at 24CO Union st.. from 9 to 11.
A RESPECTABLE girl wants housework in a>
nice family. Apply 24$.'!, Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED school teacher and ■ governess
desires position: city or country; beat of ref-
erences. Box f291. Call office^ ■
A GOOD, honest young woman wishes any
kind of work by the day or afternoon: can
tend store. Addr e ss MRS. C. H-. -"JXl 2«th »t.
YOUNO lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping. de«ires a position as offlce as-
sistant. Box 2074. Call office. v
LADY will do light housework In exchange
for board it allowed evenings fre^ to study.
Address Bex B. Call Branch. 30O Hayes st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework 3-
or 4 davs a w»ek; sleep at home. A1l#:i
Smith. 1331 Pine. -
SWEDISH woman wishes place to cook in a.
boarding-hou*e; ivas«s $25 or $30. Plea?a
call or address 2tfC Ritch st.
JAPANESE girl wf3hes position in privata
family: can do plain cooking. Call 2U.3 Fill-
more st^
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sn.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements an<J
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEpl.M.UR
WANTED— GoQd place by mechanic; under-
stands repair work on belts, phaftlns a-^d
machinery of all kinds; 84 years of ase.
Bos 2l.il". Call office.
WANTED — Ry a sober. Industrious German, a
steady position as watchman, city or county;
also understands firing. Box 161;^ Call.
POSITION as watchman of guard: have been
such before; can furnish good references.
Address box 4341. Call offlce.
CASHIER, restaurant- is cpen for employment.
Box 212 i. Call of Sea.TO USERS OF "THE CALL" WANT ADS
_ EM P%OVMENT^ WANTED— MALE.
'" < ?, r * OIiI ? D bov - — years old? would' like place
m2 ."< r lly Melx and know * h °«- t? do
* tructura1 draughtsman, col.
at J, '■ c:Vil rin Kin pp '-, wants position
8£SS?ffl«S bulIdlnr work - Write
C1 r^r n^^ r - graduate, 2 years' ex.
roaa work. Hex 4.117, Call office.
1»Wk2££! rnechanlral ,nd electrical
A C n ?,"., , drFirM! employment. Address
A <-• a.. S12 Bristol et.. West Berkeley.
6O f* E ' 1 ra *n place to do chores; handy
; housework; ur.dt rt=tsnds care of horses
«i>x> garden: can milk: good iteady place
and inhume wsgfs preferred w. H. 18»7
•ioward-Bt.
00 1 *5 UM "^. N ™ ant * situation: knows his busl-
-- i w r": ca ™- parden and cow; has city
liotoT y £?•**•**■• E - s - New Western
Hotel, room 134.
• Yr i'k^- G . r f rrna r-.. speaks giod Enclifh; would
i.k* a eituatlon as bar tender; eKr-rienred
l££ b '* t of reference*, city or country.
**"* J.jO, 1 a. I office.
COMPETENT p.lrltcr. rap*rhan E er, tlnter,
' 1 r n : tiW>a<j5 '- w»nts work by the day
or •££?*• s>a f ti '~- h «*" or institution, city
kL£ /, famlly or to «•**• » wa«on;
rnriV * I !*? WtU Bnd know « h ° w to do
Janitor work. DBS 1C18. Call.
J^^^j^^n^^. etC - : C>ty
••hi!* * n hot * !: 12 J' ear " ■• buyer for
dr«« £l r^ r >', ho «'"': Rood reference. Ad-
c-t>-sg ho« lino. Pall office. Oakland.
Cr^ K T E K N T, h<^ <1 00ok - P°«1U<» »n rertau-
Itr4 A m 01 *"^ cltr or country. Address box
CHrROropiST~fir7t-cl 4M . wanTs position;
ft citv °'- AddrcES Doct °r. 1^25 Powell
""i^f""? 1 Jp^*™ fJEtein cutter on poU'
garments; 27 years of are; 14 years' exp^rl-
er;c-e: in country or city. 430 Natorna «... city.
A JAPANESE young miin wants a position ln
mo family: ex^rienoed cook; wages $6 up
jr* »*HL>HlaCRTo Phone Larkin 34S.
JAPANESE wishea general housework and
help cookirr; no objection to country. 2u2»
- Mi *» tea •*- J tel. White 256.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as plain
■ ; r%r " t^ Qr laundry; v«-ry experienced; formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA. 51S Jessie st.
JAPANESE bov watts petition as a plain
2 CiOk * n<1 fcousewcrk. E. T., 1543 Larkin et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brench office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH oiflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hoe been established at 1«*S
T. alonci* «. t
ItE.\OVATIXG.
BY nev., healthful process. Cal. Hiram Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FIXAKCIAL.
«K: PER CENT
1* paid on ordinary Eavir.gs accounts and 6
per cent on terra accounts by The Phoenix
Pavings B. and L. Assufiation. SIC California
tt. A. A. Wa'.klns, president; Charles R.
Eishcp. vie* isrrsidtnt; S. Premiss Smith.
tr»**urrr: Clarrnci- Grange. F<*ore;ary and
rner.aglcg director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
O«trge C. iioard:iiaTi and Charles E. Ladd.
<2:rer-tr-r»: Waiter K. Smith. ca*hier.
Subscribed rapital. $S.<XK> 000; paid in capl-
tal. $1.000. WO; r^?er\e fund. $200,000.
CAPITALISTS, hstrn: We have~an~Al realty
ime-tnient ; iars«- i-fepi'al n<-eded: quick re- '
■:\irr.i: time short: invf-*ttirate. ALTADENA
INVESTMENT SYNDICATE. 70S Market st..
__£. K., <ai.
COlirANirs Snc-crr-oratM. financed and stork
Ootte*. VV. U. BITTNKH. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Ar»>nt. .122 Ernnca Spreckels bldg.
A WKrK'K nr«e tor 5 cents— The Weekly CaJl.
18 tiiROi. :n wrapper, for mailing. $1 ppr year.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES ar.d flit* to let: an lmmer.ne list
HUlU absolutely fre:: take advantage 0*
th'.s department; it will save you time and
Erosble. Corde* Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
1: .. on -. • .- cquare.
AZAs or th* rr.oFt defiratle flats and houses are
lifted :ri cur renting department ; let us give
you a list and help vcu find one in the loca-
ticn you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1CJ3 ilarket Bt,: services abso- i
lately frre.
>,}.',Y fiatF; jusx completed; rvery possible con- :
rvsteaee; close to main entrance to park;
all night car *rrvice: every room sunny:
rente frcm $27 M> to ?35; oj>en 1 to 4. 762
Seventh ave.. near Fulton st.
I WANT to rent a fiat of 5 or 6 rooms in
toed location, on Ftrect-car line preferred:
*-f!.te lo.-ation and particulars. Rex 2575.
fail office.
JA«'K3ON. 5001— Corner flat: 6 rooms; bath,
irarin«' vien-; eunny; $37 5G:ralI after 2 j«. m.
A WEEK'S n* ws for S cent*— The Weekly Call.
tt rag**, in wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— Th« Weekly
<~'s!l. 16 paces, tent to any address in the
I'nlrei . c :at«-s cr Canada cne year for 91.
portage uai'i.
FLATS TO LET Prit.MSIiKI).
NKVTLY furnished Bat, 6 toot.s and bath.
SWiS <<"venti-ent:i St.. cor Market: rnnt $45.
FVRNI. C HKP fiat cf 4 rforr.s and bsth: yard;
$33: cn'ra!. Bex 1H9. Call office.
■ ' !
ll.A'IS POH SALIJ I'lKMSUBD.
i'HKAV— BPautlfuily. nrwly furni?htd flat. C
roinr.s: conanlet*. C»l! afternoons, 1524 Web-
eter £t-
FKLlI lf>07 — Near Park Panhandle, 5 rooms
and bath. eU-gantly furrifhel; $500.
FLOniSTs*.
Vl.'JilAU pi<^e» for ali occasions; prices rea-
tf.TiJiiile. 14 Ilayeg st.: tei. Joysie 16.
i^Uxl^ITtltE FOK SALK.
FUP.NITURE cf 7-room flat; sun In every
r^mci, evervthing clean and ready to live tn;
w.ii be ready 24th; rent $25: location. How-
std and 2t<i «tg. Call 4'~{ Va'fncla, cor. 15th.
FIB.MTOIU WASTED.
HJCililTST prices 'or furniture nd mdse, L. K.
' BVRV. auctioneer. IblS Mkt.: tel. Howard -750
tlliLI* " .'A.VTED — WVLAVB.
S OOOKM. with ind without washingtao-f.^
4 Oertnan style cooks $3O-$ |5
:: i-.-neral housework girls $■»«
<-ock. 3 fSttiily. obuntr>- **O
4 second girls, city and country $.X>-*_5
ICnplish r.ur:i.girl *>'•>
ChMXabtrtBMU and waiting, resort, fare
paid ...-*• *
'-hamLi'rniiud and waiting. H'rins* $j»
llous<-«orl:, 2 family. Sausallto .$^j
r5 «*en«"M»l hc.ui>e»-otk pirlf, best of place*.
cjon ware* v*> many to advertise. Apply
to J. F. CttOSgTT in OJ . 334 gutter st.
A «'H1LD'.S nurse! *3u; lauaCrcss. $30; houje-
#rii I. ;amjly of 3. muet be pood cook, $....;
nurs.rirl. $25; houseglrl, Palo Aito. $:«O;
cook. *«n Rafaei. $3«; cook, $3o. MRS.
NUKTON. "13 Sutttr gt.
COOK. $•»; laundrcse. Iam»i- $'M: nurse. $30;
rur»««-girl, f2O: midijle-aged woman, house-
work, *2a S. 1. BEAN, 17 Fourth, or phone
::■_.:. 107. I
A— WA NTi;i>— GirU to learn halnlr*ss!ng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taujrht from A to Z
!n 2 *rtrek*: $6 to those entering now; S po-
1 .-:■■:.> to fill Iniir.ediately: povlUons guarm-D-
•<*4 al j:o per week up; leading school In
V.'ert. 223 Geary ft., room 18.
A — Girls to learr. millip-ry now for spring sea-
son: hcth eeasonv taught from ctart to finish
lr. 1 tr.vt.ib for $15; positions as trimmers.
tEleeladie*, etc.. guaranteed &t HO per wk up;
<ij- and c. 1-.., r.i claps. 143 Stockton et.. r. 13.
A — LADIKE to i<-*m a!l branches hairdresslng
trtde n;at!lrurtng, mas»a*re.. etc. 1238 Mar-
ket ft... cor. Junes, room 94; porttlons fecared
at l;!;rert «af«j day ar.<i cvt, class: call-
CHOCOLATE dipr*r wanted; must be flrst-
rlaax: a-ood wtg.#; Fteady position. B. J.
BACU, 11*4 Howard «t.
CHOOOkATE end hr.r.bon dSppori>: pteady Job;
rood Day- LtrilNHARDT-S. 1159 Broadway.
Oakland.
WANTED — Toang girl to do general house-
work; final! family; need net cock. Call at
1831 Eddy st.
GIRL to do cooking *nd downctaira work; $20. j
•Apply 740 Castro et. I
— FEMALE Con.
EXPERIENCED MACHINE BODY. SLEEVE
AND WUISTKAND IRONERS; ALSO
HANDS TO DO PLAIN IRONING. STAND-
ARD FACTORY, CORNER GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
A NEAT, agreeable young Protestant girl
wanted to assist with child over 2 years and
other light housework where other help is
kept; sleep at home; wages ?8 per month.
CaU 241 Castro st.
BOOKKEEPER and (stenographer; state age,
experience and salary expected. 22GS, Call.
A COMPETENT cook wanted; must under-
stand woe German cooking; references re-
quired. Call 1240 OTarrell st.
WANTED— Chambermaid! Call between 8 a.
_m. and 2 p. m., Wilcox House, 103 Jessie »t.
LADY to take caEh and wait on table. 258
First st.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. C22 Clay
street, room 18 A.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cull branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
HELP -WAXTED MAl.;.
A— MURRAY & READYr^!3^6?«fciay"«!r
Phone Main IiMV
1903 We Gave 15*04 We Hope to
CO.OOO Men Work. Increase 60,000.
GOLD MINE.
6 single and double hand miners, $S2 50.
STATE OP NEVADA.
20 teemFiern. 20 laborers, 10 rockmen and
drillers. %2 to $2 75 day; fare refunded.
Blacksmith, camp near city, $2 CO day and
found; blacksmith's helper, country shop, $2
dey; section boss, eawmill, R. R., $45 and
found; 3 waiters, miners' boarding-house,
$."><> and found: nowd«=rman and machine
drillf r, quarry, see boss here, $3 day: 3 team-
«=teis. ranch. Santa Clara Co., $.'{0 and found;
Pwiss-Itallan choreman, $28 and found; bell
boy, city, $12 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Married milker, south, $40 and houFe; young
German blacksmith helper, |40 and found;
jobbing gardener, city, $25 and fd; 10 wood-
choppers; milker, fare iiuld, north. $30 and
fd. ; 3 Portuguese milkers, yame dairy, $30
and fd.; waiters, cooks, dishwaehers, farm-
ers, choremen, dairymen, etc.
TO
ARIZONA.
SHIP DAILY.
Close to Prescctt, Arizona: 6. F. & P. P.
6(K) men for railroad work; good wages; 910
mil**. ARIZONA. $9 10.
MURRAY & READY. B34-636 Clay st.
A — WANTED — liO scraper teamsters for Ne-
vada; Government work; 25 cents an hour: 8
hours' work only; fare refunded; ship to-
night. Applv
C. R. HAKSSN & CO 420 Bush st.
A — Want to rent 50 teams for railroad work in
California: fcrai^er work; 3 months' work
guaranteed. For particulars apply
C. R. HA.VFEX & Co 429 Bueh st.
A— PACIFIC^ Ell PLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 — Montgomery si. — o2ti
Phone Main ll'Jl Upstairs.
COAL MINERS NEW MEXICO
Cook, country restaurant, north, $10 a week;
." wwodchoppers, south, if 2 cord; 2 milkers,
$."5 and found: carpt-nters; porter, upetairc,
city hotel, $15 and found; carriege painter
and striper, $1 day; second cook, hotel. $5O
and found; j-olicitors; 20 teamsters and la-
borers, Nevada, i> hours, 2 years' job. Bet-
ter b'-ft US.
TIMBER feller, fC5 and board; man about
l>!ace, 530 and 'ound; 3 Tnilkfrs. $27 50 and
f:*."i and found: farmers, $2." to $30 and
found; butler, $40 and found; 2 hotel cooks,
!'..'> and S40 and found; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento ft.
A^ ~ Z L
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
J and secure good tositions; eatalopuo and furl
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. <i'(5 Clay st.
WANTED — Thoroughly reliable and capable
nan ae eoilcklng manaper for northern
aiter.ry of industrial investment company;
exceptional opportunity for profitable con-
nection. Address box 2144. Call office.
BARKERS 5 , take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Fret- Employment Uureau has re-
moved to » City Hall sq., or 1504 Market et.
Journeymen IJarborK* Union, Looal 14S. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14,
fifth floor, -'Wi5 I^arkin st., for free Information
be to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenlnes.
TRY our men's shot-e, union made, at $1 and
$1 .%O ner pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic shoes.S;; 50; best shoes on earth. 11 |
Third ?t.. Exam. l>1<Jg.. a doors from Market.
WANTED— Shipping cie?k who is familiar
with machinery: state experience. Address
box 2142, Call office.
WANTED— Bright boy from 15 t<< 17 years of
age to learn llip dry goods business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at Hale Uros.'
A MAN of indomitable cr.ergy and purh. a good
talker, eager to n;ake money. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Farrott building.
NEAT, bright cp.«=h boys. Apply Superinten-
dent's office. The Emporium.
BOY to drive delivery wagon and take orders
Tliursday and Friday. SC3 Valencia et.
GOOD mpohanical dentist. Call at room 80,
117<t Market st.. at S a. m.
BOY wanted in tarug store. 499 Gough f>t.
BARBER — Situation wanted in the country by
sober, steady man. Box 2132, CaU office.
BARBER shop to let. 1S0O Folsom st.
WANTED — Bright solicitors for "War Between
Russia and Japan," by Miirat Halstead; best
b'^lv: big book; enormous demand; big prcfits;
freight paid; credit given; outfit free. The
Dominion Company, Dept. B.. Chicago.
WANTED — Experienced soilcitors. men and
women, handle merchandise contracts; good
compensation; easy proposition to plane; in-
vestigate. Royal Mercantile Co., suite 19,
CcUiroblan bldg.. or !>52 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin,- Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third Et; 250 rooms: 25c to 5Oc per night.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade la 8 wetks for $15. under competent
teai-lu-r. Western Collece of Barbers. 647
Coromerical St.. Sen Francisco.
FIRFT-CLABS two-chair barber shop, 63 miles
from city; good business; for sale or ex-
change for city shop. L. DE RITI3. 338
Green st.. city. '
COMPETENT bookkeeper; give age. fts;>erience
and salary expected. Answer in handwriting,
box 2025, Cal! offlre.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years of age, to organize
military organization. Call S. KZANIK. 473
■ Valencia ct.. bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis «t.; 14
years' practice: rt-ferences from thousands of
persons for Trhom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoe?, union made, at ?1 and
$1 T>0 pair; "form-foot shoes at $2 5O; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 :M st.f Exam. bid.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
BASS drummer to Join military band. 328*
Bush <st., third floor, room 4.
WANTED — Chair caners, male or female, at
1O4 Mission Ft.
FOR sale — Fine 2-chair barber shop cheap at
lo7^i Fifth st.
LiAHBERS — Small ccuntrj- shop for sale. Ap-
ply DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop for Bale; good
location. Inquire 303 Fifth st.
BARBER rhop for ssJe; $25. Natoma St., near
Fourth. ».
BARBER shop in hotel; 3 chairs: must sell this
week. 1 Franklin Bt., corner Market.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters, green hands and
eallors for whaling. Dent's place, 2tS Steuart.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Uarber Bcbool. 741 Howard «t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart st.
Pension Atty., E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
kct — 700 rooms; 35c night; readlng-roomi;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10OS Market et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 P. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church at*.
ALL elses men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5U3 Mission tt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your rhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 5«3 Mission tt., bet 1st and 2d ste. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY; FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 327 Sixth St., every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, eound and gentle; 2-seated trap; sil-
ver mounted harness. Call at car barn, Em-
eryville.
20 BUSINESS buggies, 5 small wagons, 5 rub-
ber tired park buggies and 5 surreys for
Bale cheap. 1504 Folsom st.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
WANTED — A good young horse for delivery
wagen. Box 2063. Call.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon,
and ci-rart for sale cheap. 532 Miselon st.
Largest assortmt IM-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey, harness, work.drivinghorses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for elr-
cular. G. H. UMBSRX & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER, 12C9— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
liard-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALE.
$650; MUST sell to-day; parties going away:
6-roomed house; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ter st. , .
LEAVENWORTH. 820. nr. Sutter— 14 rooms,
10 furnished, $850 cash; a bargain.
INVESTMENTS.
BONDS, STOCKS AND MORTGAGES. ■
All dividend-paying securities for sale. -
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — At Alcazar matinee Feb. 22 or on Sut-
ter, Sutro, California and Hyde st. cars or
on Eighth ave. or in changing cars, bar pin
set with rhinestone*. ReT ara .t returned to
cashier. Call office.
LOST — Spear's Vest Pocket Expense Book, with
memoranda from January 25; $1 reward will
be paid by returning to G. E. STURG1S,
2104 Bush St., San Francisco.
LOST or'stolen — From 105 Berry St., a brown
spaniel dog, white forepaw. with license
collar. Please return and receive reward, H.
P. A. STAHR, 105 Berry St.
LOST — Gold locket containing two photos ln
Mission. Return 130% Chattanooga st. ; re-
ward.
COCKER spaniel with tan feet. Return to
room 101, Phelan building; reward.
IX>ST— Fox Terrier; ""Baby," C. V.~Mlller. 1084
Hush" on collar; belongs to invalid child. .
LOST — Memorandum book. Return to William
SullKan, 15 Sixth St.; $5 reward.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees: 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call at write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irresularitles; instant relief
guaranteed; SO years' experience. J>2t5 Post «t.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
rriale troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CS% Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills ; best regulating pills
sold; price ?2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe, and tablets; price $5. By express
enly on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholr-cale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
, !n trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the moat difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 101S Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obftetrlos, femal* complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment ?10: hours. 10 to 5: 2."» years exper.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Rellabieladi-s'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: bent medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. Il2« Market st
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladies: cqn-
Eult him free. 305 Kearny st. : tel. Main 481.
DR. ROSEN resides 291)5 Folsom St.. corner
2«th; ladies, relief or no fee; ?10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
TTr.lcn square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MININO
ICO shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will b.> worth $200 by August, I9OI.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOiv- LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over eld
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-I1AND machinery, boilers, engine;, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, suid.
rented and exchanged; tee Sunday papers.
U. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE -uits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit ClothinK Parlors. 2:iS Kearny »t..
roar Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to neon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
vtc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
FOR sale — Piano, music box, organ, buggy
harness ami l.-.vj .-uttT. 422 Orange m. .
Oakland. m
SHOWCASE; glass front: running drawers
and doors; 2S feet; price $D0. BACIGALU-
PI'S PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats $1 ftO.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form slices at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
8^4c ROLL and up: fine wall paper; samples'
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jaxkson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holsteln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
FOR sale, plumbers' & carpenters' tools: grind-
ing stcne; floor trucks & tracks. »53 Howard.
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three ;
3 fe?t. one R feet and one 6 feet. SCO East st. I
, ,
SAFES and cash registers, nsw and second-
har.d. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market ft.
DESKS bought, soltf and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 4e7.
MILES of pipe and fittings: nil sizes! KV~.
GENE RILEY & SONS, 1C9 Vallejo st.'
SOMH good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck in Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Cliicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1814
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and eecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st. ■
SAFES — New and secend-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
• . — . i
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER It CO.. -110 Montr y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To buy, a small cooking stove with
oven, to bum coal; Etate size, make, number I
of holes and price asked. Box 2011, Call.
WANTED— Pair of ferrets, or will engage
cervices of party owning tame, to be used
in ridding building of rats. Box 1755, Call.
LARGE eecend-band eafe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market sL
I PAY highest prices for all kind* of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. \ H. C. HOLMES
1149 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal!
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th at.; teL Jessie 2881.
—————_——__ .
WANTED— Party with capital to Invest in
manufacturing food business: big profit*;
business increasing so rapidly that more cm pi-
tal required. A. R. Coulson Co., Petaluma.
MONEY TO LOAN. >
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-603Examlner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property pur-chased.
Courteous treatment- Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .*,
" WILL IX>AN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d \
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, ln city, town
. or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security : no com.;
fair«s>t rates: strictly confidential. National
<"Yedlt Co.. 6S Dcnohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer»
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business ln
46 principal cities. Tolman. M:i Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
JIberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4G Market: tel. Main 3(M4. Branch. 19 Third.
A 1 p«-r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no p»'bllcity: $25 jip; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M .TACOBSON & CO., financial brokers. Emma
Fprecjtels bldg.. rm. C21;. loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W...T. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. i
AT lowest rates on furniture and planoa; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rates on pianos and
furniture; private; no .commission: payments
accepted. (1 Eddy St.. r. 111. ._
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per tent
• mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 5.18 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMA1N, room 81, C Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELU 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINK BJBldSCTlON OF i J iANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickcrlng; walnut cane; nearly new.
Steinway: about a year old.
Knabe: walnut case; Untrbt. largest »tze;
nearly new.
Steinway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling; mahugauy case; largest size.
Standard; cal; case; scod as new.
Haines Brothers, the eenuint:; mahogany
case; nearly new. !
St.n-k; largest size.
. EteeW; raedium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: ccod condition.
Steck grand piano: good as new.
Steinway grand piano; in good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber, Steinway.
Hainet Kranlcli & Bach ami other*, from
$10 UP.' BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Chickerinc Acents.
Curtn* buildinc, 1C O'Farreli st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos frorq
$r>0 up: j;rentp*t bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for S2 per month: new at $3 per
month: all inr.ney paid applies on r«rchase.
Heine f'lano Co., 235-2.TT Geary Et. Oakland
address 12C2 Broadway.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $.'J per month and allow
G months' rent and cartage off purchaus
price; sole agents for Mol'hail. Schiller and
other mak?s. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayei.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be eold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1G.1R Market st.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
eecond-hand organs; very easy payment!.
403 Market Bt., second floor.
IF you want bargains come now: pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 21(5 McAllister.
NEW pianos «olU on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMIT7. & CO., 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
newj $135. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnwry upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farreli.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
MUSICAL INSTKUCTIO.V.
WANTED — German lady piano teacher. Box
2138. Call office.
OFFICES Ayt> STOKES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary St., opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS.
Al SUITS to order at « weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a tine salt on Installments cheaper tha'n
othrrs do for cash.
LEON LEMOS, Merchant Tailor. 1127 Mar-
kf-t Et., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
tirovc'9 Its growth, Etops falling.cures dandruff
and Itchinr; scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses' scalp:at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vaixir and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
• tubs, hot and co!d water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40U Geary.
Cancerous lumps, seres, impure blood (affect-
ing skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured
by skillful specialist from Europe. Apply Cen-
tral Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. ; worst cured.
RAG enrnetfe wove to order and for sale: also
cjienille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Gex Matthews. 7O Fifth st.. Oakland.
NOTICE is hereby Riven that I will not be re-
sponsible for uny bills contracted by my. wife
hereafter. A. W. AHLBORN.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin sppciallst. shows
the work that is the important item to persons
. contemplating facial treatment. 7SI O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and* all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown cray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed : shampooing specialty.
MME. P.OUME, 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14.
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
<l8ys or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
007 Market St., room 2OJ.
AT lers than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. f 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st., near
Olh; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught, i
J. W. SPARROW, jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st., has moved to 218 Post st.
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 llith. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist, 309 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; snecial $5 pants to or-
_der. Rooms* 14 & 16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 4*.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed bv elec-
trlc needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE milt $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit CIctMng Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian 1 Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertis"em?nts and eubscrlptlons has been
• opened at-^1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.^. -. .
PALjjJSTKY.
MADAM DEVAS. ™~~ —
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 159 POST ST. ■--
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes. .
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black 5til.
PAPERH^ANGING^J»AINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. *l,up: tinting, painting.
llartmann Paint Co.,^319 Third: tel. Main 413.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
TO ratee money quickly will nell 4 lot* on
Nevada ave-; $15u each; 2 blocks of car line.
* D . COFFIN. 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. _pays the
highest prices for buildings and will wreck
the largest building corapst^y T' l^. n }2
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tentn
sts., office and yards. '
! BUILD~l^~yoL"runimp"roved realty: we loan
. full cost Iraprov. and part lot at C Per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO you wantTn!ce~bathrocTn? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER, Plumbers, 8S« Howard st.
HIiAI. BSTATE-*ow< Vrj V**^}TX.
sr p
pa*s*f throuffS land; 9«> A. can be Irrigated-
water free— no royalties; Improvement,; good:
KhMl 1 nill«: church and town 3 miles; on
direct road to Yosemlte; must be sold to cIom
e ate: a barV.n: th* P™«t. from
made the former ewner. JOHN L. IVELU
who was murdered In 1800 rich ; fine rains;
»verythlnR (rreen and Krowtng now Addren
j. w. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced, cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit rtr annum per aero-
Write for booklet. If* free. <:03 J St.
WRIGHT & K1MBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA Iands7~fito?k~ ranches. nrchBrds.
vineyards; Inspected I'lrRaUis: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. W0OSTER CO.. CIS
MBrket «t.
I BERKELEY ADVERT'S'MtNTS
BKHKEI.BV REAL ESTATB.
A~MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
'for bargains; we build, buy, sen or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REJAL ICSTATB.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$1550 — Nice 6-room cottage on 9th st., 2Vt
blocks from station.
$21Gf>— Another fine cottage on Sth st., close
to station; 5 rooms, bath and high basement.
$1000 will buy a good 5-room cottage on luth
st.. near Center St.; eauy terms.
$2800— Modern fl-room cottage on 10th st.:
convenient to Adeline station.
$23CCV- Choice 5-room cottage on NB. cor.;
lot 3. r >xl25; near 23d ave. station. .
$2800 — A 2-story 8- room house on Sth ave.,
and lot 35x1 CO. ....
$1550^-Reduced from $1750 to clw out heirs
interests: 5-room cottage in E. Oakland; lor
37^x150; a snap.
BF.LDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$2S0 CASH. $6 monthly; neat, cozy new built
cottage, surrounded by immense laurel and
oak trees; running stream of mountain water;
sandy loam soil 6 to 10 feet deep: lovely sur-
' roundings; section building up rapidly; near
ear line; fine tichoolhouse; good, substantial
community; see It and you will buy it. sure:
adjoining East Oakland; away from cold
winds and fog; price all told. $H7f>; 2 lots.
50x100. Call or send for circular. 4.V> Seventh
Bt.. cpp. Broadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
A DESIRABLE place for a home at your own
t'-rms. Sep the owner, P. J. KELLER, of
Rose ave. 37th and 3tHh »ts.. Piedmont ave.;
office 404 Ninth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent: $25; large store; 5 nice living rooms
upstairs; good locality for dining-room or
' market nt Adeline station. VICTOR *
CLARK, oes Broadway. Oakland.
O A K LA Xl>_ F Ji U:^i T i^ a JlJ?l?iL--?^:iH'.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
Uuif. H. Schelhaas.llth st.,cor.Btore,Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLK^_J^ A^3^ T . A X E -_
TAKE your wife to see the tract right at the
etat<on; big lots. 50x125, for 5400; 100 sold In
short time; ?ll» monthly payments. LYON &.
HOAO. ll'I Montgon^ry st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSKKEKPlAfi. $
BIRCH ave., 015 — ?S; a flat of 3 good rooms;
unfurnished. Api.Iy 042 Grove St.
DE NORMANDY, tK>3 Post— Nicely fuin. rms.,
$•_• week up; also h3kpg., $4 to $7 a week.
ELLIS. 011—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms: sas range, bath and phone.
FOLSOM, 704 — Sunny double and housekeep-
ing rooms.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished, sunny rooms,
en sul'te or single; housekeeping privileges;
tunning water; gas? reasonable.
HYDE, 140(5 — Sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: use of phone.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny, fnrniihed 3-room suites ;• steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
MODEL HOUSE. lJOti Stockton st. — Newly
furnished . front housekeeping rooms; $5 to
$12: sas. bath.
PEARL. 3, corner Market — .'! furnished house-
keeping rooms. $17: '- fur. rooms. $11; phune.
POWELL. 1005, The Virginia— Elozant fur-
nished bay-window apartments, with gas
range, electric elevator, baths; aleo single.
STERLING Apartment. Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Steiner — I rooms, bath; unfurnished;
must be seen to be appreciated; rent mod-
erate; will be finished March 1.
SPRUCE, 101 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use of bath, etc.; fine neigh-
hood; $15; call after 2 p. m.
SUTTER, 1022>i, near Hyde— Two large. 'surU
ny purlers and kitchen; gas grate, etc.
THIRD, 80S-— Two sunny front room*, $12; eulte
of 3, $1«: another. ?8.
VAN NES-'S, 1008— Large, sunny, furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good beard x in Immediate vicinity.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and srubscrlptlcns
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1000
Vnlencia st. j ■ •,
A^ASTMEWTjaOJOSBS :^^^^^
THE LUNGER. 4*5 Octavia'cor. Hayes— Just
completed; gunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegant! v furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices. .
ST. CKCILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevate-, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmt* .-strictly first-class; steam heat; electric
liKhta;priv. ;phon»;elcv. ;l to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST7 LOuis7~1575 JacksonTt^Modern 3^4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine vIkw; now open; references.
IROQUOIS Apartments, C10 Ellis, nr.! Leaven-
worth; 2. 3 and 4 rms.: open for inspection.
_ HADDONHALL?
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
it o t»isTo f^3^^5^j*°£^"?!'*; »•
AURORA, coiner Second and Folsom ets. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; nrst-class grill attached.
A SUITE of three large front rooms and
bath tuitable fo>- two young men or couple.
Unusually fine location. Address box 4320,
Call office. ' ■ • -
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth sL— Rooms
25e to $1 p«r 'night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rcoms; open all night.
AT "Ihe Almonte." «73 Market rt. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1, $150 night:
$1 50 to $10 week: houoe open all night.
ALL newly furnished beautiful rooms at the
' Waverly rooming house, 811 O'Farrell at.
BUR>TeTT, H2ti Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMM1NGS (The), «1S Post, nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny,e>!ngle rooms
and suttee, with- private baths, hot and cold
wate.. steam heat, electric lights, phone
every room: elevator; breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE, 259 Powell, cor. Geary—
Bunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
EIGHTH. 1014 — Sunny furnished bedroom and
kitchen adjoining.
DOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Uafarn.
KLLIsTcTr^Nlcely furnished «ulte;-ilso single
rooms; bath and phone.
ELLIS 6 17 A — Front suite; newly furnished;
modern flat; every convenience; private
French family of 2- '
ELLIS. 837 — Nicely furnished room; private
famlly. ' _^ ;
FERN HALL, S12 Bu»h— Elegantly furn. roms;
all sunny; terms reasonable: references.
FOR single gentleman. In private .iome <no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle,
Addres* Box 2C24. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th ant? Mission — Rooms 352
to $1 23 night: St 8O to >0 wk. ; reading-room.
HOTRL ST. PAUL. 463 Ellis St.— New house
and new furniture; steam heat; liot water:
free baths: house cpen and elevatnr rcrvlre
nil nleht: trnrslent. M. B. GRANT, former-
ly at the Vendctno. 1104 Markn st.
HOWARD, 640 — Large room, $4 50 month; re-
spectable workmen only; no children; quiet.
JESSIE. 363— Furnished front room; *7 per
month.
MISSION. K7A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month: prices reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 776, near 'Larkin— Furnished and
unfurnished sunny rooms: houseke«-p4r.£.
ROTAL Hcuse. 125 Ellis— Incandescent fights,
readinic-rocm. ymoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 CO: week. ?2
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator on groun I
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45— Nicely * furnished
cunny suites; also single rooms; <2 to ?S wk.
SUTTER, (!22 — Clean, comfortable rooms, with
hot and cold water; bath; terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 1120 — 4 large sunny rooms to let for
offices.
THIRD, 308— Rooms, 25c. 50c. 73c and ?1 per
night; $1 to |4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
TURK. 73S — Front and back parior; suitable
for 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping; $18.
UNITED STATF.S. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water ln every
room: ele.vator.read. -room: free bus: bagsrage.
VAN NE£S ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office cr club^
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; TOO rooms;
S5c to $1 CO night; $2 to *S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth — Electric light la
every room; 15c to fl a night; 75c to $5 a
week: open all night; convenient to all car*.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brnnch office, cor. Duncan, ft Church »ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CCS Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
11 00. ms 0^*^
■'T~~ v ~ r^OTEL^HATTO?r~^ ~™'-
977 Pine, near Taylor: elegantly furnished
miltes; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.* _^__
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
~ EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL. SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCK.
LARGE cooking stove, kitchen utensils, tw.>
beds with bedding, one counter.meat saw and
knives; will sell cheap. 225 tj Eighth st.
THE AUDUBON, cor. Hyde and California —
Pleasant rooms now vacant; suite or single:
excellent board.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, viith baths; also .•inxlf. home-like.
Goklon Gate ave., 1221— Nicely furnished room
with board: modern conveniences; gentleman.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fin* rocms:
new chefs; colored service;, table specialty.
~~ROO5IS A.M> ttOAOU WA.M'EI).
YOITNG couple wwh- board. flrst-cla*s board-
ing-house or family. MASON BROWN, gen-
' eral delivery.
" SPECIAL XOTICUS.
I HAVE bought the confectionery business of
CHARLES GUILLET at 003 Larkin st.,
San Francisco, Cal., and will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by the above
CHARLES GUILLET. E. D. PAULSEN.
.Ladles! Chlchester'a English Pennyroyal Piils
aie best; safe, reliable; tak» no oth?r. SenJ 4?
Ktamos for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mall. As!; your cruggiit.
Chicliester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
?50 REWARD for the body of Philip Simon-
etti. fisherman. drowned nr-cr Sausallto.
ONETO BROS., 410 Bay Ft., city.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewlnr ma-
chines we. shall close at half price or leas at
once. White Sewing Machine Co., 30O Pest.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at 300 Post St., from 8 to 9 a. m.,
AVhite Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family! use;
best 1h cheapest; second-hand all make? at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates'.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; sllphtly used; $10, $ir», .?20; second-
hand. $:i, $5. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1031 Market st.
»TjDK^£i C AXP J? WAREHOPSIiIS7
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
household xoods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Hov.-ard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 1(H.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flc* Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 071.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furnifure and merchan-
dise. :C3 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12tt.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mlselon St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W." Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage, and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore. st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STliTTKRIXG AXP STA.M3IKHI.Vti.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur»
l:i every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Irtq lire Into wonderful cures: home cure
TVrE> v «JT£HS_A.\D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
.higher and lower prices; rentals J2 50. The
Type-writer Exchange, 536 Calitornia st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
* Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
PIVIDK.MJ . KOTIC13S. ~~
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
m j society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, ;0S Market si., opposite* Third —
For '.be half year cndlns 31st of December
IMi, a dividend has bt«n declared at th*
rate p*r annum of 02) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*.
lr*e «f taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage De-
pot Quartermaster's offk-e, 30 New Montgom-
ery St., tian Francisco. Cal., February 25
lOOt— Sealed proposals, In triplicate subject
to usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m. Thursday March
10, V.I04. Pacific standard time, arid then
opened, for furnlsb'ng blankets, campaign
hats. lierlln' and horsthtde gloves, collars
m drawers, leggings (Khaki duck), hat cords,
nimt shoes, stockings, undershirts, corn
brooms, scrubbing brushes, barrack 'chair*
telescope case*, tent po.'es, etc.; quantities to
be HUbJcct to an Increase, of 20 per cent If de-
sired by this department; bids will be opened
for the delivery of the M.me articles at either
the San Francisco, Boston. Chicago and Phil-
adelphia depots; all to conform to existing
standard samples and specifications; prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
'price and quality twins equal (Including in
.the price of foreicit production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be elven to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to tbe extent of the consump-
tion required by tne public service there: the
United States. rw«rves the right to accept
or reject any or all bids or any part thereof;
Information and blank proposals will be fur- '
nlshed on application] envelopes containing
■proposals to be mark-'d "Proposal No. lhjo •
and • addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL :
Qr. Mr.. U. S. A.. Depot Quartermai'tr.
PHVSICIAXS A5D gCBCEOTtg^^^
DR CcTo'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10"l«A Market st . bet. 6th and 7th: partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. «kln and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market it.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary St.. near Leavenworta.
DR TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai herb doctor, cures all disease* of human ■
by use of herbo and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR M MATSUDA has returned frcm Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor »t»._
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herb*. T4G-8 Clay st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
ct San Francisco. State of California. Pro-
bate — In the matter of the estate of UARRT
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased. Ho.
10074, notice for publication of time appolnt-
rd for probate of will. C. C. P., sec 1303 —
Notice Is .hereby given that MONDAY. th»
20th day or February. A. D. 1904. at ll>
' t/rlock a. m. cf that day. and the courtroom
cf Department No. 10 of said court, at the
Cltv Hall, is the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, have been
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYL>
GOPCEVIC. deceased, and for hearing th»
application of HENRY E. MATHEW3 and
PPTAR M. GOPCEVIC for the issuanc* to
them of letters testamentary thereon,
igeal) JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk,
Dated February 13. A. D. 1904.
Indorsed: Filed February 15. 1904.
JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. 9. HAW'LEY. Deputy Clerk.
JOHN V. DAVIS and BISHOP, WHEELER
tc HOEFLER. Attorneys for Petitioner*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlaeo licenses wer« issued
yesterday :
John Clark, 25>. Sacramento, and Lllltan Orr.
24, Los Angeles.
Bernard Cerf. 30. 2200 Prut street, and R«-
gtna. Jacob. 22. 27SO Clay street.
James L. Sharp. 25. city, and Etta M. Bux-
Bertram C. Best, 30, 027 Market street, and
Joiie S. Sprague. 23, 21« Oak street.
Erdman L. Nagel. 35. 6 Hyde street, afld
Marie Schumann, 34. 818 Jessie street.
William W. Roberta, 31, city, add Lena
Pinard, 36. city.
Olof E. BiorkquiKt. Sfl, 2051 Powell street,
and Mary Brady, 2S>, 222!> Powell street.
William G. Walter*. 25. city, and Margaret
Kirwln. 19. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— BEATBS
Birth marriage and death notices *ent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in thU column
free of charge.
BORX.
KELLEHER— To the wife of Joseph P. Kel-
leher, a daughter. «
THOMPSON — In Alam'rta. February 19. 19O4.
to the wife of MltcHell Thompson, a
daughter.
DIKD.
Amfs, Albert McSweeney, Katie
Anderson. Ronald L. Meyers. Georse I..
Andres. Mary Mitchell. Peter S
Anson. Mrs. Amanda Moennlng, Emil F.
Bacon. Francis W. Newbury. Kathertne
Bianchi, Emma M. Ob<*rst. William
Carlson. Harry T. O'Cor.nell. Michael
Clark. Francta Patton. William H.
Conroy, Michael Roseler. Agnes L. 9.
Dratz Frederick Scovern. Kliza. J.
Dunn, Horace Sesnon. Catharine
Engplbrecht. II Skinner. J»mn T.
Evans. Henry Kievers. Johan
Grleswald. G<?orge s-pratllng. William
Johnson. Charles Stern. Rika
Lawrence. Minnie E. Walsh. Elmer
Le Gav, Jeanne Wilkinson, Thomas
Littlefleld. M. W. Wilson. Clara B.
McGinn. Charles Jr.
AMEf — In this- city. February 24, 10O4. Albert,
belovrd husband of Fannie Amwi, and father
of Melvin Ames, a native of Vermont.
ANDERfON— Entered into irst. February 24.
HMH Repaid LoutrPl Andsrson. dearly be-
love.! baby of Rclnhold L. and Serena C
Anderson, a native of San Francisco. ag»d
, 1 year 7 months and 20 days.
ANDREWS — In Mf>nlo Park. February 24.
1004, Mary, beloved wife of Jame* Andrews,
and daughter of Patrick and Bridget Kelly,
and siatrr of Michael. Thomas. Ellen.
Bridget and Patrick Kelly, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 31 year* 1 month
and 1 day.
IDTFrinids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
morning, at 0 o'clock, from the residence of
her uncle. Thomas Ward. Menlo Park, thence
t-> the Church of Nativity of Our Lord, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ANSON— In this city. February 25. WO4. Mrs.
Amanda An«on. wife of the late F. Anson.
and mother of William J. and Henry T.
An*in, Mrs*. M. Rogers and Mr*. M. E. Orr.
a native of Worthlngton, Ohio, aged 7«
years.
CTRemaina at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallasner Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. Intfrment will take place at Gilroy.
Santa. Clara County.
BACON— In New Tork. Francis W. Bacon,
formerly t-autain of Company F, Second Ar-
tillery. N. G. C. aged 54 years.
BIANCHI — In this city, February 23. l»O4.
Emma M., beloved daughter of John and
Julia Bianchi. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 y^ars 10 months and C days.
CARLSON— In this city, February 24. 1904.
Harry T.. beloved ion of Harry C. and
Lillian L. Carlson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 7 montha and 25 days
CLARK— In this city. February 2.J, 1001.
Francis, beloved husband of Catherine Clark,
and father of Dennis S.. James J. and Mary
E. Clark, a native of County Monajhan.
Ireland aged 71 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from his late re.-i-
der.re, 2 East avenue, thence to St. John'*
Church, where a requiem high ma^i will b«
celebrated for the repose ol his aoul at !> :'£>
a. ra. Interment Holy Croj-s Cemetery.
CONROY— In this city. February 2*. 1»>4.
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine Con-
roy anil father of Mary. William, Joseph
and James Conroy. Mrs. David Hanley and
the late Katie Conroy, a native of Ccunty
Galway. Ireland, aged «2 years. (New Or-
leans and New York papers please copy.)
K7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to- morrow
(Friday), at l» a. m.. from his late residence.
352 Precita avenue, thence, to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 a ; m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DRATZ— In thi* city. February 23, 1904, Fred-
erick Carl, dtarly beloved son of Frederick
and Katherine Drata. and lovlitj brother of
Amelia. Lizzie ami Herman Drat 3. a nativn
of t'an Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months and
3 days.
We mis* thee frcm our home, dear brother—
we miss thee from thy place.
A shadow o'er o«rr life is ca«t — ws miss tl»
sunshine of thy face.
We miss thy kind and willing hand — thy
fond and earnest care.
Or home la dark without thee— we m:»j
thee everywhere.
(TjrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 247 j Mission street, near Twenty -
first. Inurment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 1:40 o'clock.
DUNN— In this city. February 24. I3C*.
Horace, infant son of Horace and Elizabeth
Dunn, a nitive of San Francisco, aged 14
days. ■
ENGELBRECHT— In Seattle. February 21.
11)04. Herman Engelbrecht. beloved husband
of the late Ernestine Enselbrecht.
J3V\XS In this city. February 22. l'JO*.
Henry, beloved man of Stephen and the-late
Ellen Evan». brother of Mrs. Mary Becker,
nephew of Miss Mary A. Kelly, and uncle
of Teresa Becker, a native of St. John, N.
It as<d 25 years and 10 months. A mem-
ber of Bartender*/ International League
No. 41.
• Friends and acquaintances are resprct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morror
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
O f 11. f. Suhr &, Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GRIESWALD— In the City and County Hos-
pital. February 24. VXyi. George W. Gries-
wald. . - . K -
JOHNSON — In Ptockton. Cal.. February 21.
1904. Charles Johnson, a native of Finland,
aged 50 years. . ..
• CJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from Unton-*juar«
Hall. 421 Post street, under the auspice*
of the United Finn Brotherhood. Interment
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
! FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRd.
2S39-2U41 Mission St.. near NtnMeutfe,
' Saa Fraadsca.
1314
DEATHJ^OTICES.
Continued Irom Page Thirteen.
Mount Olivet Ccm-terv. by &***»
Klghteenth mnd Guerrero *rerts. n?™ 11 .^
si the parlor* of Craig. Cochran & Co., 4_j
Golden Gate avenue.
LAWRENCE— in this c«>^ .^V^ihter^of
lWlnnl* E- UB-rmcf, beloved Am.uKMtr of
Mr*, l^onia H. Harrigan. and hajf-sist^ o^
Florence iind Paul Harrlcin. a native of San
Franclxco. ae*"d 15 years and _« aa>».
LF GAT— In this «-ltv. February 23. 1»»«.
ieannV 1> Oav. Gloved wife of the late
VuKUst U> Ozi. beloved mother of August.
I'aul -ind Ku«renle \x- Gay and Mrs.. M.
Joubert. and mother-in-law of Mrs. August
V> G*T. a n»tiv« of France, aer-d 06 years
;! month* a«d 16 days.
Z7 Frl*-n4» and acquaintance* axe rerpect-
lully invite to attend the funeral Friday.
February S« at 12:.'«> oVlork, from h-r lato
residence. 2S3 Thirteenth street, thence t0
French Church. Notre Lhime &"» \ lctolres,
:or service*. Interment Ho!y Cross Ceme-
tery.
LITTLRFIEL.D— In Portland. Ore., Miram ■«-.
]>1ttlen<-ld of S*n Franciwo.
ilr'JINN— In thli> city. February 24. 1904. at
»h<« resident* of fcl« parents. Mr. and Mr*.
<har.es McGinn. 'JS^l Pine street. Charl- k
Mf-CSinn Jr.. a native of Portland, Ore.
t^" Remains at the yarlnrs of the West- '•
ern Addition Funeral Director*. 17:M Devis-
adero «lre«»t. Ix-tw^en Sutt<-r and Uush. ln-
lerroTt Portland. Ore.
IlrSWEESKT — Entered , Into rent, February
£2 13O4. Katie, beloved wife of Dennis Jlc-
Sweeney ai-.d loving mother of Mr* . William ;
Undop. Mr* Julia Wrirht and Nellie and
William R. McPweeney, a native cf Ireland,
• aged CS years.
C7"Tht- funeral will take place to-day
"Thursday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence.
1242 Polk street. Interment private, In Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
METERS— In th!s city. February 23. 1WM. '
Ge<*-ffe L. Meyers, beloved husband of Mar- |
tha Meyers. *nl father cf John Meyers, Mrs. '■
T,:zile Rivera ar.d Mrs. J. F. Kuck, a na- ;
tlve, of Pennsylvania. agM 72 years 7 months
snd lu due.
IT7"FriPna» and aeo.ua.lntar.e>Mi are invited
V* attend the funeral service* to-day
• Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, at his resi-
<*.-nre. 73Y mbert street. Internvnt private.
Please omit flower*.
MITCHELL— In this city. February 23, 1904. ■
Peter S. Mitchell, beloved son of Mr?. Kllen
Lewis, loving father of Peter $?. MtJcheli.
itnd beloved brother of Nellie. Joseph F. and t
John T. Mitchell and the late airs. Mary i
Greves. a. native of San Francisc-o, sged 32
yeers and 3 month?. i
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited i!> attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at S:3<> o'clock, from his late
residence. 359 Brannan street, thence to St.
Hose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be <e!*brated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crofs Cemetery.
M'lEN'N'IXG — In this city. February 24. 1904.
FSmil F. Morr.ninp. beloved husband of Min-
r.ie MoenniTig <nee Harms), father of Milton
and Emmie Motnr.inc. son of Guenttitr and ',
the late Ix-na Moenr.ing. and brother of
«!eorge> and Herman Mornnlng. a native of '
W:*eowin_ egrd 46 years 4 months and 2S
days A member of Independent Rifles and
Grant Council No. 19. Jr. O. V. A. M.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of the II. F. Maass Com-
pany. J»17 Mission street, near Fifth.
KEWBL'RT-Ia Bak^rsfle'd, February 23, 1904,
Katherlne, beloved wife of George B. K*w-
bury. da^chter cf H. end Margaret ftjorpan,
#>nd *!«t*r of Ruth Morean. a native of
Vallejo. C'al.. axed 21 year*.
. C^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halrted * Co . 31*^ Mission street. In-
terment Ogress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train fn»m Third and TownK-nd
Mreot*.
OBKR.ST— In thi* city. February 24. 1904. Wil-
liam, beloved l-.usbe.nd of the late RosaJie
C'herst. and father of Mrs. Emma CCon- I
-.ell, a native of Sw-itx«>rlattd. aged 68 year?. I
O'CONNELL— In thla city. February 2."?. 1&04. I
Mirhael F.. dearly beloved husband cf Ellen !
O'Ccnn»-:i. beJov«d son of Jnhanr.a and the j
iRte Patrick O'CbnaeU, and brother of the
late Patrick O*Cotu>eU. a native cf the city
of Cork. Ireland, need £6 ytare.
PATTON -In AHaieua. Cal.. February 21,
:J»04. Wilia-ti H. Fatten Jr.. a native vt Cal-
ifornia.
(tn-'ur.er&J n-rvics n-day
February 2r.. at 11 :4T. o'clock, at the cha;»el
«"f N. Gray & Co.. SM Putter street. Inter-
ment rrlvate.
R1SELER- In thi* city. Ftbruary 2->. 1SO4. j
Ap" b. H . belrve-1 wif.^ o( Louis William
nobler, and mother of Itcwie. Edward and :
Alien Roscler. a nativ* of Kl«rl. llolsteir, |
Germany. ac<"i 38 j ear* and 7 months.
C7*Frien<Is and acquaintances are respect- '
felly Invited to iUtend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday*, a: 1 oVlock. from the i»arlors of
H. F. tuhr & «vv. llST Mission s'.reet. be-
tween S-\.ntli and Eishth. Interment Mount
« ili vet Cemetery.
F< OVERX- In this city. February 23. 1904.
KUza J.. beloved recther rf Stanley G. anl
Harry G. Scov«-m, a native of •Varahmm.
i'lymouth Connty. Mass., sped £3 years ;; ,
n onthy and IT flays.
C7"Th* fur.eriAl will take {■la.oc to-dar !
'Thursday*, a' 1 o'clock, from her late resl- j
fiance, 1:416 ta'raniento street. Interment |
Cypress u»n Cestetery.
BESXOS—JLX her residence in Alameda, Feb- j
ruary 2.1. 19<>4. Cfctbarlne J^fs-non. mother of j
Willisrn T., John J.. Georce H.. Father Hob- i
rn s«Mim Bad Mary £. Austin, a native of j
.Irelend. r<Fcl 70 velars C months and s days-.
ETFkmenl tervlces will l>e hr'.d at St.. Jo-
seph's Cbuxdt, AlJwuJa, Thursday morninir
n 1" O'clock. Take r.arrow-jjaupe train t<j
Chestnut-street BtHlon Interment private.
SKINNER— In Oak^ind. February 2::. hhm, I
.;^.ii<> T., boiovvd husband of Ellen Skinner.
and father of Jame* U. ax.d II. C. bUUiner,
Mi-5. Aln:a I. Jar.wn, Mrs. Gertrude Moller.
lUt. ijr^ors:* 11. Pierce an<l the !ate Mrs. !
Meyer Jacob*.
6IEVEKS— In this city, February 22, 190J. !
Johan K. H., be!ove<l son of Friedrlch snd
Dorothea K. H»nEen, and brother of Julius
i-.nd Chrit-tian Steven, a native of Kiel, Hol-
fttin Germany, aged 41 years 2 niunths and
!*• day*.
C^Fnend* and acquair.tar.crs are respect- I
*.u:iy invited La attend the funeral to-<iay
•'Thursday), e.l 10:39 o'clock, from the parlors '
of K. F. t=uhr & Co.. 113J Mission street i
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EI-RATLING— In thU city, February 22. 1904
William srrratlir.sr, beloved son of Mr-=' Jane
Roache.. and rather of Egbert a
native of Sandwich. Kent, England, aged «6
years 6 months and 22 da ye.
CT-FrUndj. acquaintances and members of'
Spartan Lodpe No. 36, A. O. U. W., and
Elevator Operators' Union are respectfully '
invited to attend the funeral services
Thurfcday. February 2S, at a o'clock, at the
<-har*l of Od<i Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
•at ■ the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. l»03 Mitsion etreet. between Fifteeuiii
■ snd Sixteenth.
ETERN— In this rity. February 2.1 1901 Itika
Stem. lieJoved wi> of Philip Stern ana
mother of Mr*. I*j»ac Frohman, Mr* H £
-Nathan. Mrs. EL Falk and Moses Ftern and
titter ;>f Mrs. A. MayfirM and Mrs. 1)' \.j.
. -ler. a native of Itavaria, ajod «a years 11
rnonTfiF and 23 day*.
CTThe funeral services will be held on
Thursday. February 2r.. at JO o'clock, at her I
late .evidence. ]«;U» Laguna Hrect. Inter-
meat Ucn.e of Peace Cemetery, by n-ao
<iV!ock train fruin Third and Towr.send
street*. IM<»*e omit Bowers
■OOXGSSQATION Ofcabal Hhalome— Member*
.j'rt- rf.fri,e<-tfu]ly invited to attend the funeral
< f »Jika Stern, late wjre'nf our vice-presl-
d-s;t. I*. Jitern. M. L. .STERN. Secretary.
WALSH — In this .ity, February 21. 15tO4 at
his residence, 5f*« 2 Ninth Ftrcct, Kltnrr
dearly Uloved ton of Walter J. and the
• late Mary J. Walfh. brother of Irene \
Frank .1., Clarence. Grace. Edna and the
laie V. alter J. Walsh.' and rrandson of
Michael and Jai.e Finnigan and John and the
late Catherine Watrh. a naiiw cf Han Fran-
rit-f-o. a«r«-<i s years and u flays.
WILKINSON— In Eaft Oakland February- "4
IWU. at 1123 Fifth avenur. Thomas Wilkin-
son, father of Antoinette <; and Atl»m E
WiOdBMO. a native of England aged «7
jears. ' _7>.
CFuneral serticea at Ms late home n-;
Fifth avenue, between Eat-t Twelfth and
Ka.-t Fourteenth street*, to-morrow (Fri-
«iayt. tu I'.CO o'clock. Interment private
WILSON— In thin city. February ~t, 19yi
Clara !?„ widow of the latr; JuJste T k'
Wjifccn, ano mother of Clayton JR., Carrie F
end Edsar M. Wilnon. and sinter of Mr*
A. F. Adams, a native of Maine. »Los An-
felrti papert pirate copy.)
t^Friendr and ae-quaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral services Thursday.
February 25. at '2:M o'clock, at Hotel Repe-
licr. 7bl £utt«-r etreet. Interment private.
CARD OF THANKS.
Wo herewith desire to extend our heart-
felt thank* to the many kind friends who by
their tender and eomfnrtlnir tympathy and
beautiful floral cfreriiuta helped to Tighten
' the bitter aorrow we lately suffered in the
losa of our dear Jrusband and father, Conrad
t«ipel.
-MRS. KATHER1NE HEIPEL and children.
Seek Pamasrs for Father's Death.
Hattio, Sabina and Jennie Kendall,
by their mother, Hattie Kendall, yes
terday filed a suit for $5000 damages
Hgainst Robert Wakefleld, owner of
lhe piledriver upon which their father,
Valentine Kendall, was killed last No
vember. They claim that their father's
death was due to the carelessness of
Wakefield's foreman.
Builder's* Contracts.
A. V. Clark (owner), with Keating &
Leonard <rontr*rtors), architect T. J. WfUh—
Concrete foundation*, basement floor. «-oncret*
ft 'id cement work for a Klx-story brick building
-,t W line of Berond street, Jj £ of Stevenson,
• :■:• tj & -■■; fZSou.
FREEDOM GIVEN
TO MRS. WILSON
After 3Iany Delays, Wife of
Santa Barbara Farmer Gets
Divorce on Desertion Charge
LITIGATION LONG DRAWN
Case Was Set for Trial in
Two Counties, and Is Finally
Settled in Graham's Court
A final adjudication of the matrimo
nial troubles of Charles C. Wilson, a
prominent rancher of Santa Barbara,
and Clara Wilson was reached yesterday
In Judge Graham's court, when an In
terlocutory decree of divorce was
granted Mrs. Wilson on the ground of
desertion. The dispute over the prop
erty <of the couple was settled out of
court.
The troubles of the Wilsons were
brought into the divorce court more
than a year ago when Mrs. Wilson filed
a suit on the ground of desertion. Then
her husband appeared and on the
ground that he was a resident of Santa
Barbara secured a change of venue to
the southern county. The case was set
'for trial down there, but was never
heard, as Mrs. Wilson, by means of af
davits showing that this city was the
proper place for the action to be heard,
had it sent back here.
At the hearing granted the suit yes
terday by Judge Graham it was shown
that the Wilsons were married twenty
three years ago and that they have two
children over the age of majority. The
marriage took place at Santa Barbara
and the couple took up their residence
here within a few months after the
ceremony was performed. For a time
their married life was happy and then
they quarreled and .Wilson went to
Santa Barbara. He wrote to his wife
from there, asking her to come back to
him, but she refused, informing him
that she preferred San Francisco and
the society of her two children. A few
months later Wilson was hurt In an
accident and his wife hearing of it
wrote and asked him to come to this
city, where she could care for him. He
refused and some months later came
here on a visit. He was met here by
mutual friends of himself and wife, who
asked him why he did not go back to
his wife. He told them he never would,
and when this information was carried
to Mrs. Wilson she filed an action for
divorce.
Judge Graham also granted Mary Ar
nold a divorce from Francis Arnold on
the ground of neglect.
Marietta Viola is suing Salvador! Vi
ola, who owns a large farm in Sonoma
County, for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. She charges? that for the last
year he has not treated her as a good
husband should, and that once during
that time he locked her up and re
strained her of her liberty for four
days.
Though only married to Thomas
Brown since last November, Catherine
A. Brown is already satisfied that she
cannot be happy with him. In her suit
for divorce she asks for a decree on the
ground of cruelty, charging that Brown,
notwithstanding his promise to lavish
upon her three young daughters by a
former marriage his love and affection,
persists in abusing them and threaten
ing to turn them into the street.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
James McGinn against Mary E. Mc-
Ginn for desertion. Mary Fortunado
apainst John Fortunado for cruelty.
May O'Brien against Edward O'Brien
for negloct. Bella May Lucero against
Peter Henry Lucero for cruelty and
Ellen Roe against Eugene Roe for de
sertion and neglect.
TALENTED MUSICIANS ARE
HEARD AT PUBLIC COXCKRT
Eight-Year-OId Elizabeth Davis Sings
Several Songs and Is Lioudly
Encored.
The forty-fifth public concert under
the auspices of the Music Teachers*
Association of California attracted a
fair sized crowd of music lovers to
Byron Mauzy Hall last night The
programme was one of exceptional
merit and many promising young
musicians contributed some entertain
ing pieces.
Little Elizabeth Davia, an eight
year-old child, sang several pretty
songs and was loudly encored. In
fact, her sweet voice was one of the
features of the entertainment. The
following programme was rendered:
Piano solo — Zampa, op. 39. No. 13, Miss
Carrie Marks; Styrienne. "Mipnon," Elizabeth
Davis: piano eolo — "Polacca Brilliantc," Mrs.
J. Ahlcrs; .\l«~.lin solo, "Kulawiak," H. Francis
Surryhne, accompanied hy MIsb Alice Ervin;
plane aoU — <a» Grand Valse Brilliante, op. IK,
ib) Aufforderunsr Zum Tanz. Miss Frances
RUfkland; (a) Vocalize. <b) "Indian Love
Lyrics" — (1) "The Temple Bells," (2) "Less
T!ian tho IXitt." <3> ''Kashmiri Song," <4)
"Till I Wake" — Ittn Elrna Roeckel, contralto.
COUNT AND COUNTESS
CHARGED WITH MURDER
Woman in Nome Pulls a Trigger, but
Intended Victim Had Extracted
Cartridges.
SEATTLE, Feb. 24.— A special to the
Post Intelligencer from Dawson says
that Count and Countess Moracewski
are in Nome, charged with attempting
to murder Captain William Gilpin, a
former friend. Their bonds are fixed
at ?5000. The trouble took place at the
Russian mission, when the Countess
tried to shoot the captain. She did not
succeed because he had taken the pow
der out of the cartridges.
Canal Treaty Pleases San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 24.— San Diego to
night is celebrating the ratification of
the Panama canal treaty. Cannon are
being fired on the plaza, bands are
playing and much red fire is being:
burned. The crowds are listening to
local speakers, the main topic of their
addresses being the advantages which
Pan Diego, as the nearest port to the
western terminus of the canal, will de
rive from the construction of the wa
terway.
Alleged Murderer Is Under Arrest,
SAN PEDRO. Feb. 24. — Charles
Pierce, h carpenter, who shot and
killed Bartender Michael Castcllano
here Monday night, has been taken
into custody by the officers and re
moved to jail at Los Angeles. He re
fused to make any statement concern-
Ing the crime. He has a wife and child
here.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY. ■■ 25, 1904.
TRANSPORT DIX A PRISONER BEHIND
THE SHOALS OF COLUMBIA RIVER BAR
Big Army Freighter Is Detained at Astoria Unable for Lack of
Deep Water to Reach the Open Sea — Mules Are Awaiting
Her Here and She May Have to Discharge Cargo to Get Free
FRENCH BARK BRIZEUX. WHICH YESTERDAY ENDED AT ANTWERP A STORMY VOYAGE FROM THIS
PORT. SHE I.OST SPARS AND SAILS AND NARROWLY ESCAPED SWAMPING FROM A SEA WHICH
TUMBLED OVER HER AFTER END AND DISABLED HER RUDDER.
Whatever consideration the army au
thorities might have had for the claims
of Portland as a shipping point has
gone a-glimmering within the past few
days and the Columbia River people
will long lament the scurvy trick their
river bar played them in holding pris
oner the transport Dix at a time when
Uncle Sam wanted her in a hurry- The
Diz went to Portland to load hay and
fodder for the Philippines. She was to
return here for several hundred mules
before starting across the Pacific.
She reached Portland all right and
left there for this port a week ago with
a V>Ig cargo of hay and grain. She
reached Astoria and there she is still
stuck, unable to reach the open sea
because of the lack of water on the
Columbia River bar.
The Government dredger Chinook has
been trying to shovel a passage through
which the Dix might safely pass, but
rough weather has interfered with the
dredging operations and the only hope
for the Dix is a spell of fine weather
and a good high tide.
Meanwhile the contractors engaged to
fit the Dix with stalls for the mules
find that their preparations to do a
rush job in record time were wasted
and the mules are eating their heads
off at the Presidio. The delay is caus
ing the Quartermaster's Department
no little inconvenience and it is pos
sible that the Dix may have to dis
charge all or part of her cargo at As
toria, come down light and either ship
other hay and fodder or wait until
that now -in her hold can be brought
here either by rail or on smaller ves
sels whose size will better suit them
for the shoal waters of the Columbia
bar.
China Will Be Crowded.
The steamship China, which sails to-morrow
for the Orient, will carry all the passengers
eh", can accommodate, and 3oOO tons of general
carco. Among the passengers will be Rich
ard Harding Davis and other writers bound
for the seat of war to gather material
for special correspondence for American
and foreign Journals and magazines.
The China's cargo includes 3fMi tons
of lead and about 700 tons of beef. The
beef Is r>art of the order bought in this coun
try by the Russian Government and is marked
for shipment to Vladivostok by way of Naga
saki. The shipping directions will probably
be changed and the transfer from the China
made at Hongkong instead of at the Japanese
rort. The China will be the first Oriental
lirer to leave here in many months whoae
cargo has included no flour.
Wharf Proves Too Small.
The rain yesterday seriously interfered
with discharglng/the Algoa's cargo and work
■was sloped altogether at 2 o'clock in the aft
ernoon. By this morning, however. Captain
T. D. K. Wilson will be prepared to tlefy the
elements and under the cover of canvas nine
pangs of stevedores will rush the work of un
loading the biggest cargo ever taken alongside*
the Pacific Mall wharf. The wharf space at
the disposal of the steamship compnay has
been insufficient for a long time and it will
bo absolutely impossible to care for all the
Alcoa's freight at the Mail dock. Through
the courtesy of the Collector of the Port the
warehouse adjoining the dock has been placed
at the company's disposal and into this big
storehouse much of the overland freight from
the Alzoa is beins trucked. In a few days
the Algoa will be moved to Greenwich-street
wharf and there will finish discharging.
Stormy Passnjre Home.
The French bark Brizcux, which lefj" here
September . 20. arrived yesterday at Antwerp
more or less the worse for wear. The passage
from the new world to the old was a stormy
one and more than once the elements threat
ened to overwhelm the French bark. In a
storm encoJntered November 18 the Brizcux
lost many sails and had yards and running
rigging damaged. A mountain of salt green
sea, toppled on board over the after end on De
cember 6 and Injured the rudder as well as
sweeping the deck clear of all movable impedi
menta.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Theodor,
40 per cent; Robert Rickmers, 25 per cent: W.
V. Babcock, 12 per cent, and General Melllnet,
15 per cent. _ SBIigJ&SSS
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Duehalburn, which left here
January 18 for Newcastle, ' Australia, arrived
yesterday at her destination.
The Standard Oil Company's ship Astral
cleared yesterday for Honolulu, where she will
load tsuear for New York.
Word was received yesterday of the arrival
of the British ship Celtic Qu»en at Wallaroo.
She reached there January 31, or thirteen days
after speaking the steamer Lady 'Mildred,
which reported all hands un the sailing vessel
sick with acuc and fever.'
The liner Sierra is at Hunters Point drydock
having a new blade put on her proprllor to re
place the one she shed at rf a last Sunday night.
An examination of the vcfiel's hull showed
that if she struck any 5ubmerj?ed obstacle the
blow was so lieht that It left no mark on her
bottom.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British hark Ladas was cleared yester
day for Melbourne, Australia, with 1,075.74 4
ft lumber and ::47O Dickets, valued at J4O.4CO.
K.\i)orts for the North.
The Bteamer Umatilla sailed en Saturday
wl'.h an assorted merchandise caxfco, valued at
$19,495. and included the followjlnc: 1<> bbla
flour, 9P2 i>kRs fresh fruit. 04.415 lbs dried
fruit. 11.010 lbs 10 cs ralnlns. 20<! cs egg!>,
01.5o0 lbs malt, ".'{ pkes fresh ve-eetables, 240
lbs butter, .'{71 lbs cheese, 38.10 lbs' chocolate,
51! cs wine. f»8fio Ilia 5 cs meals. 31 cs table
preparations, 97-'{.'» lbs coffee, U9 j>kprs paste, 15
pkgs srrocerles and provisions. So pkKS onions,
8 C9 canned goods, *J cs hats, *Jt>3 gals coeoaaiut
oil, 7fl2 bottles 13 cs drugs. 403 lbs leaf tobac
co. 41 pee 7 bdls steel. <J10 tins matches, 8
fl.iskH quicksilver. .". pkes electrical goods. 87
bales twine. 10 bdls paper, 4 bales leather,
4055 lbs rosin. 173.1 ft hardwood, 1ft pkgs oils,
34 <s arms and ammunition, 8 pkgs sewing:
machines.
The steamer also carried .".Tit lbs hops and
27?» bxs pajite. valued at $1228, en route to
Brisbane, Australia.
Shipping" Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. February 24.
Stmr Centennial. Strand. 10 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 00' hours from Cooos
Bay.
Stmr Marshfield. Dettmere. 49 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Bonita. Glelow. 68 hours from New-
Greenwood. Thompson, 23 hours from
Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. February 24.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Di
ego: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Ship Astral. Dunham, Honolulu; Standard
Oil Company. |i
Br bark Ladas, Scott, Melbourne; Dempster
& Sons.
Wednesday, February 24.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. Crescent City.
Stmr South Bay. Janriessn. Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 24. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind northwest: velocity 8 miles per
hour. ,
SPOKEN.
i Oct 19— I*t 4 north. Ion 26" west, Ger bark
Oldanberg, from Hamburg for Mazatlan.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 24 — Stmr Rainier,
hence Feb SO: xttnr Texan, hence Feb 21.
Arrived Feb 24 — Stmr Jeanie, hence Feb 19.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Feb 24 — Ger
ship Lika, hence Feb 16; schr Admiral, from
I San Pedro. ■ M *■':
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Feb 2t— Stmr
Robert Dollar, from San Pedro.'
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 2 1— Stmr Despatch,
hence Feb 19.
Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Prentlss, hence j Jan
31 ; schr W F Garms, hence Keb 10.
Sailed Feb 24 — Schr Sailor Boy, for San
Francisco. _ _
Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Oregon, for San Fran
cisco. , '
TATOOSH— Passed out Feb 24— Stmr Mlne
ola, from Tacoma for San Francisco.
Passed out Feb 24 — Bark Prussia, from Port
Blakeley for San Francisco; schr Taurus, from
Tacoma for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Mlneola, for
San Francisco. • . , •
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Signal,
hence Feb 18.
I Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Czarlns. and Empire,
for San Francisco. -.,,,„
EVERETT— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Francisco. ■'■
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr
Chehalis, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka. Feb 24— Stmr Alca
trsz. from Greenwood: schr Erie, from
Ballard. , „_
Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco.
. ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 2,'t— Schr W H
Talbot, for Hllo: stmr Rosecrans, for Hilo
Arrived Feb 23 — Schr; J H Lunsmann, from
Mojl ; bktn Amelia, hence from Eureka.
HILO— Sailed Feb 5— Ship Falls of Clyde,
for San Francisco. • ■
KAHULUI— Sailed Feb 20— Stmr Oregonlan,
for Hilo.
FOREIGN PORTS.,
.WALMER— Arrived Feb 22— Br bark Inver
ness-shire, hence Oct 4.
: PANAMA — Arrived. Jan 10— Br Bhip gwan
bllda. from Newcastle, Aus.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 23— Br bark Inver
neRS-Bhlre, hence- Oct 4. -^
PORT NATAL— Arrived Feb 0— Br bark
Windsor Park, from Portland, Ore. »
HAMBURG — In port Jan 19 — Ger bark Anna,
for Portland. Ore., Feb (5; Br ship Anaurus,
for Portland, Ore. - - - ■
KOBE— Sailed Feb S— Br stmr Ascot/
for .
SHANGHAI— Arrived Jan 11— Jap stmr Iyo
Maru. from Rob?.
Arrived Keb 1-^- Ger stmr L'arda, hance
Oct 21.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Fob 19-Stmr Aca
pul<-o. for Sun Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, ATS- Arrived prior to Feb
21 — Rr shin Duehalburn, hence Jan 18.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Feb 'So — Schr Samar,
from Portland.
WALLAROO— Arri\ed Jan 31— Br ship
Celtic yuecn. from Acarulco
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 21— Ger
bark Aleterbeir. from Hamburg.. Feb 3^ — Fr
stmr Admiral Exelmans, from Moji.
In port Jan 7— Ur ship Celtic-burn, for Port
Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Carpa
thla, from Naples, etc.
Sailed Keb Stmr Ccvic, for Liverpool;
stmr Sicilia. for Genoa and NaDlen.
ANTWKRP— Arrived Keb 23— Stmr Vader
lnnd. front New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Feb 2« — Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm dcr Grossc, from Bremen for
New York via Cherbourg.
1IOV1LLE— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Anchoria.
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
MALTA — Arrived Feb 1*4— Stmr August*
Victoria, from .New York via Port Said, on
Orient cruis?.
IIAMIIUHG- Arrived Feb C2— Stmr Assyria,
from Philadelphia: stmr Blueher. from New
New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg; atmr
Calabria, from (ialveston via Newport News;
stmr L'arna. from San Francisco, etc.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Feb 2t— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm tier Grossf, for New York.
ALGIERS — Arrived Feb Stmr Republic,
from Boston, via Gibraltar. for Naples,
Genoa and Alexandria, and proceeded.
NAPLES— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Canopic.
from Alexandria for Gibraltar and Boston.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Keb 24.— Stmr Cel
tic, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
Clavering Hngkng v. ftilina CruzjFeb. 25
Sequoia Grays Harbor |Feb. 25
Klizabeth Coquille River I Keb. 25
Arctic Humboldt .-.* Feb. 25
Memphis Seattle Feb. 25
Doric China & Japan Feb. 25
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 25
Acapulco New York via Panama. Feb. 25
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Feb. _»5
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 2.*>
Coronado Orays Harbor ,. . . Feb. 25
Alliance | Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 25
Chehalis. .'...- Grays Harbor |Feb. 25
Oregon . .. Portland & Astoria |Feb. 25
Pomona...... Humboldt Feb. 26
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. 26
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 26
Lakme Humboldt Feb. 20
Kmpiro Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 2B
R. Dollar San Pedro Feb. 26
Titania Xanaimo Feb. 27
Rival Willapa Harbor Feb. 28
Spokane Humboldt Feb. 20
Santa Monica Grays Harbor Feb. 29
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. Zd
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 2!)
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Feb. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Feb. 29
Iaqua Seattle St. Tacoma Feb. 29
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. IMar. 1
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. .JMar. 1
DclNorte.... Crescent City |Mar. 1
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... Mar. 2
North Fork... Humboldt Mar. 2
Peru New York via Panama. JMar. 3
;;•- to sail.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 25. jj
W. Kruger. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Spokane Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pomo Ft. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
February 26.
Lakme..... I*os Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
China. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & C003 B Pier IB
8equoia.'. .. Willapa Harbor. 4 pm Pier 20
Clavering.. Hkong v. Portland Pier 27
' February 27.
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Panam N. Y via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Memphis.'.. Hamburg &. Way. 12 m Pier 19
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Q. Llndauer Astoria & Portland Pier —
February 28. ■ ' . ■
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Empire.... Coos Bay direct. . 10 am Pier 13
February 39.
Coos Bay. .. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Coronado... Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
March 1.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 0
March 3. f
Sierra...... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm|Pier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 21
. . , ... ; March S. . . |
Doric. China & Japan 1 pmtPier -40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPicr 40
PROMISES LOVE;
GETS PROPERTY
Kit-hard K. Lowe. "Wealthy Min
ing" Man of Alaska, Sues His
AVife for Return of Riches
SAYS SUE DECEIVED HIM
Alleges That He Gave Her All
He Owned, Believing That
.Her Love Was All for Him
Richard R. Lowe, a wealthy mining
man of Alaska, and Virgie Graves
Lowe, his wife, have quarreled, and as
a result two suits have been filed in
the Superior Court here by Lowe to re
cover property alleged by Lowe to have
teen given by him to Mrs. Lowe. One
of the actions is to recover two Swiss
watches, a nug-get chain and a dia
mond stud worth $1300. and for $1000
damages for their detention by Mrs.
Lowe. The other suit Is for an injunc
tion restraining Mrs. Lowe from dispos
ing of $150,000 wouth of property he
says he gave her to hold in trust for
him in December, 1899. when they were
married. Pending the trial of both
actions, the property will be placed in
the hands of David Rich, who upon
the filing of the complaints yesterday
was appointed receiver by Judge Ker
rigan. The court also issued an order
temporarily restraining Mrs. Lowe
from disposing of any of the property
claimed by Lowe, and ordered her and
the Alaska Commercial Company and
the Alaska Packers' Association, which
corporations have the custody of the
disputed property, to appear before him
to-morrow and show cause why the
temporary injunction should not be
made permanent.
According to Lowe's complaint for
an injunction, he was married to the
plaintiff in 1899 at Oakland, shortly
after his return from a successful trip
to Alaska. He claims that she gave
him to understand that she was deeply
in love with him, and he, believing her,
conveyed to her all his property. The
conveyance, he says, was made with
the understanding that she was to hold
it in trust for their common benefit and
in order that in their declining years
they might have a sufficient income to
make their last days comfortable. All
was well for a few years, says Lowe,
and then came petty bickerings and
quarrels and finally, within the last
year, a separation. Mrs. Lowe, he says,
left him without any cause or reason
and absolutely refused to return to him
his hard earned wealth. Because of
her refusal, he alleges, he Is forced
to the conclusion that she never loved
him; that she married him simply to
get control of his property, and by de
ceiving him got him to convey it all
t%» her.
In the suit to recover the jewelry
"Roxle Graves" is a defendant with
Mrs. Lowe. She and Mrs. Lowe are at
the Lick Hpuse, and Lowe is a guest
at the Occidental.
The defendant was formerly an ac
tress and known as Virgil Graves. She
first met Lowe in Dawson while play
ing in the ''Gay Parisian." Their mar
riage quickly followed, but from all
accounts was never a happy union, a
fact which is attributed by many who
knew the couple in the north to the
discrepancies in their ages. Lowe being
more than twenty years his wife's
senior. They came out of Dawson last
year and were for a time liv
ing together at the Occidental Hotel.
Mrs. Lowe, however, soon left her hus
band and has since, been living alone
at the Lick. Lowe, when seen last
evening, said that he and his wife had
had a disagreement over property mat
ters, but that everything may soon be
settled and he added:
"There will be no divorce. In fact I
have been over talking with my wife
to-day and we got along very nicely."
Evidently the breach between them
is not as great as the cdmplaint filed
yesterday would indicate, for shortly
after the interview last evening a mes
senger was carrying notes between
them. Lowe is widely known in Daw
son, where he has made a large fortune
in mining and other, enterprises. *
Declare Votes Were Illejrallv Cast.
E. L. Cutten and other stockholders
in the Union Square Market Company
yesterday filed a suit to set aside, an
election of directors of the corporation
held last month. It is claimed by the
plaintiffs that a number of votes cast
at the election were illegal. At the
election in question the following
board of directors was elected: B.
Miller, A. L. Vermeil, E. L. Cutten.
H. A. Rosenbaum. J. Hertz, S.
Stephens and J. L.e Maitre.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Satis.
Cottar City. Skagway & Way Port*. (Feb. 26
Dolphin Skagway * Way Ports.; Feb. 2S
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. [Feb. 28
ExceMw ' Vnldez & Way Ports.. IMar I
Bertha I TaMn • Way Prt?. Mar 10
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
• Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heiffht
of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25.
Sun rlaes 6-47
Sun sets .5:1$
Moon sets 1:50 a. m.
D Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
f H W L W - H W LTV
23 5:i't> 5.3 12:42 0.4 7:54 JTo '
L "W HW L W " H*W
26 0:30 2.8 ti:43 S.S 1:50 0 0 8-52 *•*
27 1:43 2.8 7:47 5.7 2:43—02 ol47 4 5
28 2:40 2.6 8:4S 5.8 3:32 —0.4 lO^ 49
20 3:36 2.1 9:47 6.0 4:18— 0.5 1W0 5"
\ 4:26 1.8|1O:42 5.0 5:02|— 0.3 11:43 5.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tidea of th«
day In th« order of occurrence as to time- th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of tha lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch .Hydrographic Office, U S. N.. Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
February -4. 1004.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridtan. or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.. -
Lieutenant, U. S. I?.. In charg*.
LAWIERS BEGIN
THE ARGUMENT
Prosecution in Dc Labrousse
Marder Case Flouts De
fendant's Plea of Insanity
DEFENSE MAINTAINS IT
Attorney for Prisoner Holds
Client Was Deranged at Time
He Killed Miss Marie Jordan
The trial of Edmond de Labrousse
for the murder of Miss Marie Jordan
was resumed yesterday in Superior
Judge Dunne's court, when Assistant
District Attorney Whiting began the
argument for the people. The Aaaist
ant District Attorney commented npon
the serious duty the Jury had been
called upon to perform, and said. In
part:
Thi« matter Involve* the wr«ckiiur of two
human live*. Mlsa Marie Jordan, a youri*
woman, was Uvliur In happiness before ts™
noon of the day when «he wa* »hot down on
the very threshold of her home like a bewt.
Cowardice and treachery and uaAanUneM
were mo plala that It ia no us* tryta* to
>trecffth«n the facti. and aa men of family you
can appreciate U>« terror and horror ot
The kiiline and the manner of the killlnr
•r* admitted, but the defendant claims to ha"
been insane ana. therefore, not re»pooslble. Th«
law which applies to *uch a case does not
mean to excuse tb* purpose of a rullty man,
but Is for the man who do^s not know hi» act.
The law of Insanity has be*n «o abuaed, th»
reoort to It has become nr> common, that wren
the court« have taken coenliaace and hav«
Instructed the jury »o that the rullty #hould
not escape on a plea of Insanity when the in
sanity is counterfeit.
PLAXXED THE DEED.
The law reiuire» that the mind must b* in
■uch a condition that it cannot decld* betwe-n
right and wronc that the nature or Quality
of the act la not known to the perpetratf-r.
These are th» tests the law lays dowa as an
excuse for crime.
The evidence shows beyend a doubt that
Edmond de Labrcusse krvew Just what h« was
doing. Ho planned it and executed It. H»
has not submitted one particle of evidence of
insanity iu>d haa not shown the least founda
tion for auch a defense.
His defense. Indeed, knows the deaperate
condition In which *» knowa himself to be.
He know* no excuse but this. H« knowa th*
only thing left for him la the plea, of Insanity.
His witnesses, bis frirnds. *eetng- the position
in which he in placed, have lent a hand In hl9
aid.
Assistant District Attorney "Whiting
then reviewed the evidence of the wit
nesses in support of his argument.
PLEA OF INSANITY.
Attorney Thodore Roche followed for
the defense, and claimed that the pros
ecution had not shown that his client
was sane. Mr. Roche said the murJer
was committed without malice afore
thought, without a de3lre for venge
: ance and without premeditation, and
| held that the highest crime for which
he could be convicted, if convicted at
all, was manslaughter. The evidence
j of insanity, Mr. Roche said, had been
' offered honestly, and he contended that
i the defense had proved that the pris
i oner was insane by a preponderance
| of evidence. Holding that such was
the cafe at the time of the commission
i of the murder, counsel asked the jury
i for an acquittal.
Argument will , be resumed this
morning by Attorney Alford, also for
the defense, and later District Attor
ney Byington will reply.
Police Describe the NTmphia.
The taking of evidence in the suit
of Vincento Luceich. proprietor of a
restaurant at 739 Pacific street, for an
injunction restraining the police from
making a raid on the Hotel Xymphiii
through his restaurant, was completed
in Judge Hebbard's court yesterday.
The bulk of the evidence was fur
nished by polipe officers, all of whom
testified that th?y visited the Nymphia
in citizens' dress and were compelled
to go through the restaurant to reach
the courtyard wherein the alleged mis
demeanors were committed. The case
will be argued to-dny 4 '
Gets Pay for His Injuries.
I. N. Pattison, a railroad man. se
cured a judgment for $1950 in Judge
Troutt's court yesterday against the
Fidelity and Casualty Company of New
York. He sued for the amount award
ed him for injuries received by him
while he was traveling between Sac
ramento and Reno. He held an acci
dent policy calling for $50 a week dur
ing the time he was ill. The company
refused to pay it on the. ground that
the injury was not received in such a
manner that Pattison was entitled to
benefits.
BARON* VOX SCHLOSSER
IS KILLED BY A BEAR
German Nobleman Meets Death While
Hunting in the Wilds of
Washinston.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Feb. 24.—
"Word has' just been received from
Ranger C. Bowine of Solduck Hot
Springs that the body of Baron Mar
tin von Schlosser was found on the
range south of the Hot Springs on
Monday evening, near the dead body
of a bear. The Baron undoubtedly
had been killed by the bear. He
started in the morning on a hunt. On
his body were found receipts from
banks in Portland, Or., Chicago and
New York for more than $100,000. A
letter found on the body directed that
should anything happen to him
Superior Judge George C. Hatch of
this district should administer his
affairs. Von Schlosser was an officer
in the German army and a Baron of
that empire. He had been a resident
of this city several years and recently
took out naturalization papers.
Somnolent Lad Is Badly Hurt.
MILL VALLEY. Feb. 24.-Llttl»
Philip Haultain. son of the manag*
of Mount Tamalpais Tavern, last nigttt
walked in his sleep and fell over a
precipice to the rocks, thirty feet below.
The lad is only 8 years old. He retired
about 9 o'clock and was not found until
this morning. He was in a precarious
condition, having not only bones broken
but had been exposed to the fury of last
night's rainstorm, clad only In a night
gown. Mrs. Haultain found her son.
This morning he was taken to a San
Francisco hospital.
Furclihcimer Committed Suicide.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 24. — The Coroner's
jury in the case of Reinbold Furch
heimer, the German who shot himself
at Escondido to-day, returned a ver
dict of suicide. It developed at the
inquest that Furchhelmer bad former
ly held a good position In a titled fam
ily in Germany and that he was de-
SDondent because he had failed to do
as well in this country.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF TH£ MARKETS.
... . .
WaU-strec! Stocks easy. European bourses depressed.
Trading on the local exchanges still light.
Silver lover. Mexican Dollars higher. Domestic Exchange firm.
WHeai and Barley quieter, with less fluctuation.
Oats* Corn and R\e unchanged. Flour firtn.
Continued rains check the advance in Hay.
Bran, Middlings and other Fecdshiffs firm. •
Beans firm and in fair local and shipping demand.
Potatoes in light receipt and firm. Onions held high.
Poultry markef in good sluxpe for setters. Game dull.
Rainy weather operating against the Fruit market.
Supplies of Butter. Cheese and Eggs still very large.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs easy at previous prices.
Provisions firm, with talk of an advance.
The World's Exchanges.
The feeling in Wa.Il street was soft yester
day. Private Wires to Mitchell. Mukahy &.
Co. of this city reported liquidation increa*
iriq and the laait-Ct draxging. It was another
<iay uf rumorf failures bting* rfiwrted from
Kerlin. Par!« an>l Vienna. Th» B«rlin failure*
were eaid i u nua;L>*r ihr«-e. incluJirg the bank
<->1 S. Fraukt-I tk Co.. growing out of the re
< < nt flr|w»Mliiii in Russian bonds. There were
four tailurts r«p<jrte<l at Paris, no names being
given, and one at Lyons. These collapses of
• 'lurse lmparli-d a depressed feeling. The
'■■*... -. r.r. situation was report«d improved.
The Weather and Crops.
Tht- netkly report of A. G. MeAdie. section
director cX the climate and «rop service of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
UEXERAL SUMMARY.
Warm »t-aihtr prvvailci in all sec-.ions most
of the week, but htavy Iro^ts occurred in
tome placea on the 17th. Hain fell in all
jarts <jf the Btmim on th« 16th and again on
tht 2M ar.d l"2d in the cf-ntral ar.d northern
necttaaa. Rivers and creeks overflowed /ihtir
banks in Norihcrn California. »ju*. no serious
Jiniaue »js den*".
Karm.ni oiv>iauozis were gentrally suspend
*-i in th< central and northern wectitmB. owing
»j tli* I'.euvy oondition of the soil. Grain
lands »>i« f.oodfd by thf high waters, but
very little damage ivsuited. In Southern Cali
toraia the rainfall was most timely, giving
a tr«-fch start to grain which had sprouted
Utttt ttoe preevdiac rams, and greatly improv
1U6 th^ condition of !/asturase. thf tus
lomary fpiing rains it is expected thet fait
crops of grain a»«i hay will be raised in most
j'arts of th«- toulh. Grain continues in excel
lent condition in tlie central an-i northern iec
ttons. and i)ixsi>e»iti are g^-oJ for large croi*.
Oirtn feed is abundant in nearly a'i sections
and tattle are impiuving.
Ainum'is «n>i apricots are in bloom in sev
esmJ places. All deciduous fruits are reported
in g-jod eon<lition. with indications of a large
crop. Planting «nd pruning ait* nearly ootn
j'l'-ted in >omr sections. Sou-hern CalMornia
. orcharn* v»vie greatly benefits by the rain.
SACRAMENTO VALLUV— The weather was
warna an3 cloudy during the wf-^k an-J hi avy
if.:ns Rert frfHiuint. Grain land* in some soc
t uns wcr* nood^-d Ly high »'2t«-rs, but no mi
:>r'.-a.\ dama-si- was <ione. There* was some
• .«:iiasc to fc:idg<-» in ihe nurthcrn <iistri< t?.
ar.4 several head of .'-he<-ii were droK'aed near
UriAJeT. Th<j soil is thoroughly saturau-U
an«i Jikim work has i»en temporarily susix-nd
«d. Orftin is KrowiiiK rxjiidly and glvi s prom
!-•■ of a Heavy crop. Groeii f«-«-J is abundant
fli^i <ir gtwMl quality. CfcUle are in good i-on- v
•iuior.. (Jrchards and vineyards were benefited""
by ibo rain and lu-u.-ijK-ctn ecntinue good tar
\kx:i'. crop*. Atawnda and ai>ricots are in
hinnm in hooc places.
''•AST AS1) JiAY SUCTIONS— Warm.
vktoCy wia:inr juwailcd most of the
> ■■K, lrjt htavy trusts, oocurrtd in many
pli.es oii t.»-.e 17th. H« i» fell io all fw>ctic>nai
at tbe tv -".nnlns of the week and again at the
clot*- in tn.- •■♦nural and northern districts. The
:ain*all la porti'>ns «f th<r southern station w«»
quite hea\y iii<i grfatly bnz«ored the condi
iioii 01" grain and teed, but in seme places more
rain is Be*ded to 1r»ur*r crops. In the
<«ntral nvA northern sections the continued
heavy ra'.n cuus< d a temporary suspension of
latin wort. '>ut DO material damage was done
to rrojta. <jrain :s in gt-oii condition and n»ak
icg rapid sn»th in most place!-. ' Green feed
i»,becoaiBM ])lentiful in all nections. Decidu
uua fruit lie. r. aie beginmnc to bloom.
,<AN JOAQUIX VALLEY— Partly cloudy
and warmer weathf-r prevailed during the
\'.>'k. with generous showers on the
It-tll US* *nd 17th. nvertiging from half an
in< Ii to an inch over the emlrv valley. Heavy
BBOW is Biao refort'-rt from the mountains. Thfe
rain has pi-raily impro\«d the o.mditton of
Krain an.! trrei n feed and fyrnished water for
the imcatin* ditf-he-v. Prosperts are now re
ported as von Grain and grass
a-e making £"<h1 growth and ?ecd will soon be
plentiful. The soil i* in good <-nndition for
• uiti\ation. «'onsiderab]e irrigating is being
d me. Almonds are reported In bloom in some
sections: »i!Io«'£ are In leaf and the buds of
sll deciduous fruits are s«ellin«t. Young al
tai'a is making pood growth. Stock are im
nroains.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The weather
duriiiK t' ic - week wag warm ami gener
ally favorable ?<t crops. Rain fell in all
' sections on the letb. varying from .54 of an
inch at Anaheim to one in^h in San Diego
<-ounty and over two inches in Santa Barbara
. ounty. The rainfall w«s timely and greatly
benefited the early sown train which had
tprcu-cd after the rain of the pr»v-edins week.
Grain is looking fairly well in many places and
prospect* are Ix-tter than at any time during
the season. Seeding is nearly completed in
Fan IMe^o CoantT. Green feed is making rapid
• crowtli and cattle are improving. Orchards and
vineyard* look thrifty snd were benefited by
reorit ■-..:■
EUREKA SUMMARY — Reiny weather the
preater portion of the v.-e*>k. and farming prac
tically fcusr>ended. Grain and prass mad<?
r»pi'i growth. F'rosrects are good for excel
ler.t crop?-
I.OP AN'OELES SUMMARY— Onrvl growing
■weather following the warm rain wa* excel
lent msintaininp the growth of vegetation
started. Previous rain did not giv«; sufficient
xnoisture to carry crops long.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The jollowing art the frf>asnna! rainfalls <o
date as compared with those of sam" dat» last
sVa'or and rainfalls in last twrnty-four hours:
I^ast ' This I^st
Station* 24 hours. Season. Season.
ri"1Rl«ff \M 19-31 H.7S
■^crammto SI 10.JJ 1.31
gu Francisco. ;1 12.44 11.49
ptesSO 00 2.4S 5.72
7«d»-ner.d»'nc« W» I.2«J 1.K1
FaVLuis Ohispo .Ort fi.42 11.89
U» Angeles Y. .W 2-V> 8.0»
' Jan Luis Ohispo 00 O.42 ll.SS
THE COAST RECORD.
c 2 '2. rs 2 5
» J4JJ JJJ O;, j^3 J
" 6TATIOX. § I § 1 1 || |a I
Farsllon .....29.93 54 C2 W Cloudy .43
K»k«r 29. T8 «4 X4 NW Cloudy .16
Oirson 20.K2 4H ."« N • Clear 1.34
Frrsno ~«>:« 70 ft« PIZ Cloudy. .00
Klacst&ff 2U.M; «<S 42 Bff F't Cldy .00
roc.tcilo 2».« 52 34 FW Rain .09
I'oint Reyes.. 2S<.H8 .Vi WJ \V ClQUdy .33
lndei<>r,dence 2M.72 72 56 PE Cloudy .00
Ixs Anrc!es..2r».W4 72 50 %V Oear .00
Mt Ta*nalpnis.2!».{il IS 4S W OoUdy .73
North Head... 2»>« 4* »5 SW Houdy .12
pfcofirx 29.Mi*3 ** K Clear .00
Pf.rtland 23. RU 44 40 W Rain .34
Red Bluff ...2J»4 f.S 4K BE PtCldyI.4O
Jtos^borg 2:1. Mi 60 .^2 KE Cloudy .36
S»«rr«Tm-mo ..T.*.9O CO 54 SW Rain .31
Palt I>«kt 2».«S <•« 40 PE Cloudy .12
i=rr Franoisco.2fl-«( 50 flO ■ \V R«in .70
■ P L Obisr»o...29.ft4 68.48 N Cloudy .00
H—i Diego ...29.!« «4 4S W Cloudy .00
I »!** <2 VA E Oear .32
*i» k'ar.e ■ 29. 7« 2* 32 KW Cloudy .40
•catocfli 2».S0 41 34 H Pt Cldy .OR
1V*<I1*>. Walla..t'»>.2 40 3d S Pt Cldy .62
V. innrmu c«. .J^.KO .'.2 .WfiW Cloudy .04
Vonn ,. :..2».S2 02 50 SW Clear. .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure na« fallen over nearly the en
tire western half «f the- country during the
i,.-s>-l twenty-four hours.
Ra'n has fallen generally over the central
and northern portion of California, and the
rsm area it slomly Epreading southward.
The risers are riwing throughout Northern
C«l"v>inia. The rollowlng river readings ar«
rr-nort'd: MaryfrtlJe. 18.8. rising; Hed Bluff.
24.5. rising; Sacramento. 25.f>, rising: Tehama,
• i'nut-uaUy warm weather le reported in the
valley of th*> Colorado and northward over
Eastern California. At Yuma a maximum
twrperature of 32 decrees has occurred.
o'nrMjMt made »* £*■*• IV»» - " M . ♦•• ™'"T,
hours endiiig midnight February 25:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Zliifrsday, with showers; cooler; fresh
v C^HfornU — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; possibly showers; fresh
southwest wiuds.
Nevada— R«dn or snow Thursday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tle-l weather Thursday; probably light show
ers; frefch southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— Mcney on call,
steady; ruling rate, l*i per cent; last loan. 1**
per cent; closirg bid, 1% per cent; offered at i
loans— Steady; sixty and ninety days,
3 per cent: six months, 3%@4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper — l*ifcOU per cent.
Sterling exchange— Strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers 1 bills at $4 8605<34 8660 for
demand and at $4 83.35«4 83.45 for sixty day
bills.
Posted rates— $1 84ig4 87.
Commercial bills— $4 63<S4 83U.
Bar silver — T>&Vic.
Mexican dollars — 45}ic
Government bonds — Steady.
Railroad bonds— Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury. '
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24.— To-days state
ment of the treasury balance shows: Availa
ble cash balance, $224,414,582; gold, $102,424, •
769.
Ned' York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Feb 24— Th« action of the
stock market became halting and irregular to
day on a somewhat decreased volume of busi
ness The moderate g^ins established during
the early pert of the day were subsequently
lost. Ttie motive of the early advance was
not very clear, but it was attributed to a cov
ering movement amone the shorts. The bor
rowing demand fcr stocks on the exchange this
! morning pointed 'o the existence of a consider
able short interest. This prompted some of the
traders to take the long side In the hope of dis
lodging the short inter* Et. The signs of an
oi«>n short jvisltlon were not wanting yester
day. Uit in the then suspicious mood of traders
It was bofieved to be more apparent than real.
* Th» professionals were then convinced that the
j real liquidation coins on was concealed by
I the borrowing of stocks for temporary delivery
j In order to hide the character of the welling.
There was a feeling thl» morning, on the con
trary, that the selling movement had some
what overrun its life. The recovery of Amer
icans in London helped this feeling. The buy
ing movement wan lacking In vijeor. and the
resulting advance was very moderate. The
weak tone of the latter market was clearly
< nough due to renewed apprehensions over the
financial *itnation at the great money centers
of the Ccntinept. The reports of numerous
bank failure* at Berlin. Paris. Vienna and
Lyons, and rumors that there would be fur
ther failure at other continental points weak
ened all the markets.. There was nothlnt: In
the war news to account for this reaction, but
It cave rise to natural misgivings that the
diplomatic situation mieht be etralned so as
to threaten eventualities. The relative firm
ness of Amaleamated Copper was attributed
to expectation of the dismissal of a temporary
injunction asairnt uayment of dividends on
stock of subsidiary companies owned. Net
losses were eeneral at the close, but. on only
a few leadine stocks did they approach a
point.
There were erme spots in the early bond
market, but prices generally gave way in sym
pathy with stocks. Total salts (par value),
$1,405,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Pales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 20,000 65% 64 64 ';
Atchison pfd 30O fA% 88>,i 88Vi
Bait & Ohio 26,600 75}* 73% 74H
Bait & Ohio pfd 86
Canadian Pacific .. 4,000 114% 112V4 112%
Central of N J 153
Ones & Ohio 1.000 2!)^ 29 29
Chicago & Alton ... 2OO 31>i :!4 3*U
Chic & Alton pfd.. 2O0 SI 81 81 1 2
rhlcigo & O W .. 1.400 14'i 14 - 14%
Chicago & N W .. 300 l«2*i 1«2 l«2»i
Chic Mil & St. Paul U5.300 13S>4 137U 137%
C, M & St P pfd 172
Chic Term t T.... oOO 8'j 8»i 8Vi
Thte Term & T pfd 500 18% 18U 18
C. C. C & fit L 72
Colo Southern 200 H% 14H l*Vi
Colo South 3st pfd 51^
Colo South 2d pM 21 «,
Del & Hud ex-dlv ROO 157 15«{ l.VJ
Lei Lack & West. 100 202 2tf2 258
Den & Rio Grande. 100 18*4 1S% 18
D & R G pfd 900 05 64i<i «4Vj
Erie 13,300 23 22^ 22 V t
Erie 1st pfd 3.300 62^4 61% 61%
Erie 2d pfd 2,100 38% 37% 37*5
Kecking Valley 70
Hock Valley pfd... 400 S.1% 8O14 . 79
Illinois Central ... 1,100 126H 125% 123%
Iowa Central 100 17 17 <-. 16*4
I"wa Centra! pfd. v 33
Kan City Southern 16«4
Kan City South pfd 29
Loulav & Nash.... 2,400 102 101 101 14
Manhattan L 000 141U 140»i 140Vj
Met s«*et]ri J les 83
Met St Ry 900 IIS 114 lVi%
Minn & Pt Louis .... 58
Minn. St r & Sault
Ste M 600 B9% RSVi S8«i
Minn. Pt P & Sault
Ste M pfd 100 IIS 118 110
Mintourl Pacific ... 2.000 8S% 87 87»,i
Mo. Kan & Texan.. 700 1."; 14% 14 H
M. K & T I5fd 800 35 35 34
Nat RK of Mex pfd 1OO 35 35 34^4
New York Central. f>.«00 114 113 113y»
Norfolk & Western 3.200 55% C5 55
Nor & West pfd KS
Northern Securities 88
Ontario & Western. 8,100 20 1914 1»%
Pennsylvania 25.300 113% 112'4 112ii
P, C, C & St L 55
Reading 17,700 40% .09% 3fl*i
Reading 1st pfd .. 75
Ken 'line 2d pfd 55
Rock Island ..".,.. 12.400 .20% 19% 19%
Rock Island pfd... 200 50% 59% 59%
Pt L * S F 2d pfd 40
J?t Ixniis S W 13
StLSWpfd 100 29% 29% 29
Southern Pacific .. 24.JKJ0 43% 42% 42 *i
Southern Railway.. 4.1100 1» ISVi 18Vi
South Railway pfd 2,400 7S% 77% 77%
Texas & Pacific... «0O 22«-i 21% 21%
Tol. St L * W ... - If 10 22% 22.% 22
Tol, Ft L A W pfd 200 32% 32- 32
Ur.lon Pacific 32.200 73% 72% 72%
Union Pacific pfd. 300 87% 87% 87
Wabash 700 17% 17 17%
Wabash pfd 3,400- 33% 32% 33%
Wheel & L Erie 14V-
Wis Central 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 40 . 40 39%
Express Companies— #
Adams .... .... 220 '
American .... • . . . . 185
United State* 100 100 100 100
WeihvFargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 28.700 46% 45 45%
Am Car & Found.. 1,200 1» 18% 18%
Am Car & F pfd.. 600 67 67 «7
Am Cotton Oil ..... 28%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 88
American Ice tiOO 7% 7% 7%
American Ice pfd . 300 30 29% 30
Am Linseed Oil 200 . 9 0 • 8»i
Am Unseed Oil pfd 27
Amer toecmotive. . 1,400 21% 21% 21%
Amer Loco pM 300 79% 79 79
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1.400 47% 46% 40
1 Am S*&Ref pfd.. 500 90 d9% «)«
Amer Sugar Ref... "6.900 124 122% , 123
Anaconda Min Co 7 .... Cl
Brklyn Rap Trans. 20,800 39% 38 38%
Colo FuelA Iron.. 1,000 30% 30 29%
Consolidated Gas.. 3.700 189% 188% 189 V
Com Products..... 900 17% 17 16%
Corn Products pfd. 100 Oft tt» «8
Distillers'. Sec* 200 23% 23 22%
General Electric. . 2,100 158% 156% 157 .
Internatifwial Paper ....." ..:.• ....'• HH
Interntl Paper pfd. - 600 65 **», 69%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25, 1904.
International Pump 33
Interntl Pump pfd 71 l ,i
National Lead 200 14% 14»4 14V*
North American... ' 200 82 81 81
Pacific Mall 1,200 '25% 24% 24%
People's Gas 1,200 i)S 97J4 07Vii
Pressed Steel Car. . 1,700 27% 26% 20
Pressed S Car pfd ti8
Pullman Pal Car 207
Republic Steel ... 400 7 7^-7
Republic Steel pfd. 500 43V4 41 41%
Rubber Goods 500 li)Vi 19 1&%
Rubber Goods pfd. 75%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 700 35 34% 34%
U S Leather 1.100 6% Mi <»%
U K Leather pfd.. 300 -7« 75% ■■ 75%
U S Realty 1,300 7% 7.7
US Realty pfd.. ,,. 2,400 62. .': 60}i > 5OV4 '
U S Rubber,. 10%
U S Rubber pfd...- 46 ■
U S Steel 3,200 10% 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 49.4C0 55%. 54% 54%
Westlnghouse Elec. 1,100 155 1G4 154
Western Union 100 87 87 86%
Total sales. 494,800 shares.
UNITED RAIIJIOADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— No bond .transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. $3 75; asked. $3 87%. Pre
ferred—Bid. $34; asked, $34 50. .
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 L & N unified 4a. OSVi
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 48.103%
Do 3s reg ....lOtHi Mex Cent 4s 64
Do coupon. 10t5% Do 1st Inc.... 12%
Do new 4s reg.l32U Minn & Et Ci 4s. 98%
Do coupon 132V4 M. K & Tex 4e.. 97
Do old 4s teg. 107 H Do 2ds ....... 75%
Do coupon 107',4 NR of Mex con 4s 7» .
Atch gen 4s t)9% NYC gen 3%s.. "J"
Do adj 4s 87% N J C gen 5s... 131%
Atlantic C L i*. 92% Nor Pac 4s .. .: w.lt2
Hal & Ohio 4s...lC0% Do 3s \ 7u>i
Do 3%s ...... 93 Nor & W con 4s. 97 hi
Central of Ga 5s.lU5 OSL 4s & partic. 90%
Do 1st tnc 65 Pa conv 3%s 94%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO.J Reading gen 4s... 90
Chi &s*.ltbn 3%s. 75 SL & I M con 5s.ll2%
C B & Q new 4s 91% S L & S F fg 4s. 79%
C,M & SP gn 4s.lO8'i St Louia SW lats. 9.>
C & NW eon 7s.. 129% Seaboard A L 4s. '05%
C, R I & Pac 4s. C7% So Pac 4a. 67%
Do col 5s 79% So Ry 5s .Ill 1 ,*
C.C.C & SL gn4s 79% Tex & Pac lsts.115
Chi Term 4s 79% T St L & W 4s. *»
Cons Tobacco 4s. 56V(i Union Pao 4s.. 102%
Colo & So 4s 84% Do conv 4s 94.%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% U S Steel 2d 5s. 7114
Erie prior Hen 4s. 96% Wabash Ists 115!i
Do gen 4s ... 04 ' Do deb B u8T»
F W & D C lsts.105 W & L Erie 4s.. 80%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5>,« WIs Cent 4s 88
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 1 Little Chief 06
Alice IS Ontario 4 00
Breece 10 Ophlr 4 25
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix .08
Com Tunneh 06 Savage 50
Con Cal & Va... 1 55 Sierra Nev .. . 50
'Horn --Silver 1 20 Small Hopes 20 1
Iron Silver 1 40 Standard 2 50
Leadville Con.... 02
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — U S Steel 10%
Call loans 4 <a4% Do pfd 55%
Time loans 4%*i5% Westing Common. 75
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s .... D7% Adventure 2
Do adj 4* S7 Allouez 4%
; Mex Cent 4s 03Vi Amal Copper .... 45%
Railroads — * Amer Zinc 7%
Atchison 64% Atlantic 7
Do pfd 8SV4 Bingtiam 19%
Boston & Albany/244 Calumet & Hecla.150
Boston ,& Maine.l«(i% Centennial l'S%
Boston Elev 137% Copper Range... 38
Fitchbure pfd 13ti Daly Weft 33 Vi
Mex Central ... 9\i Dom Coal 56%
N Y. N H & H..1S9 Franklin 8
Pere Morquette.. 7S Grancy SYi
Union Pacific ... 72tf Isle Royale •. 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... .'!
Amer Arge Chem. 13% JMichigan 4%
Do pfd 74 I Mohawk 34
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% Mont Coal & C. 2%
Amer Sugar ....122% Old Dom 10
Do pfd 122 Cteceola 5 5
Amer Tel & Tel.ll»% Parrot 2"
Amer Woolen ... 9% Qulncy 80 ■
Do pfd 09% Shannon 7%
Dom Iron & S.. S*4 Tamarack ... . 9.1
Ed Elec Ilium.. 2.H Trinity 4%
Gen Electric ...151 V S Mining 19% 1
Mass Electric... 17%]U*B Oil B*«
Do pfd 7J !l;tah 31%
Mass Gfts 33% Victoria , ■i- ■
United Fruit ....00 |Winona 5
Un Shoe Mach.. 4rt Wolverine 70
Do pfd 28%l .
London Closing Stocks..
Cons money 861-16 X Y Central 11«%
Do acct 86 3-lfi Nor & Western.. 56%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd K»
Atchison 6«-"-4 Ont & Western . . 20%
Do' pfd 91 hi Pennsylvania .... 58 -- 1
Bal & hO!o 76% Rand Mines H%
Can Pacific 117% Reading 20%
Ches & Ohio...'. 29% Do 1st pfd 40% ,
Chi Great West. 14% Do 2d pfd 2S% I
Chi. Mil & St P.141% So Railway 19V4
De Beers 19% Do pfd . 81
Den & Rio G... 18% So Pacific 44% <■
Do pfd 07% Union Pacific 77% I
Erie 23«i Do pfd 00 j
Do 1st pfd «3% U K Steel 11 A
Do 2d pfd 3ft Do pfd 67%
III Central ISO Wabauh 18%
Louis & Nash...lC4 Do pfd 34
M. K & Texas... 15% |
Bar Silver — 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money — 3% €"4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for 1
short bills Is 3%<@3 7-l<3 per cent and for thrc«» i
months' bills 3 7-16 per cent. j
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 24.— The market for cot
ton futures opened firm at a decline of 0 points
on April, but generally unchanged to 7 points |
higher, and closed flrm at a net decline of 10(&j 1
ttO points on months up to and including Sep. i
; tember. while the latter positions were net 3 to j
15 points lower. Sales were estimated at 900,
0C0 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2<\»00; exports, 12.4C0; quiet but firmly held.
i Minnesota patents, $5 10*g5 GO; Minnesota ba
kem. $i 5C@4 00.
WHEAT— Receipts. 24,200; spot firmer. No.
2 red. $1 07 elevator; No. 2 red.^1 OS f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 12% f. o. 1>.
; afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b.
, afloat: options opened steady on fine cable*
and Increased speculative demand, but eased
oft under heavy telling for forelen acoount and i
further European failur*«. TbO close was)
strong at 202»ic net higher. May, $1 03%@ I
103%, cloned 1105%: July. i*.k*m 01 1-10. |
cloced $1 01 ; September. 91»i'!?flr»%c, closed
83%c. ~ \ ,
HOPS— Firm.
PETROLEUM — Quiet.
COFFF.E— Spot Rio barely steady; No. 7 In
voice. 6%c; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw firm: refined steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet at former prices. Common are
quoted at 455T5C; prime, 6Vic; choice, 5%@6%c;
fancy. GVt&"<:
PRUNES — Ruled flrm with coast advices In
dicating a hardening market.- Prices range
from 3%<ffCy»e, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Choice, fi%dilOc; extra choice.
10V«©l<'%c: fancy, 12ffl5c.
PEACHES — Less active. Choice are quoted
at-7"4*j7%c; extra choice, 7%@9V4c, and fancy,
OQICc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 24. — There was a decline
of 17s 6d in the London tin market, with spot
closing at £124 17s Gd and futures at £124 12s
6d. Locally tin wan lower in symnathy with
the foreign decline, closing eaoy at 28 10i|2S.40c.
Copper also was easier abroad, closing at a
decline of f*p on the London market with spot 1
quoted at £57 7s Gd'and futures at £5t! 2s (id.
Locally copper was quiet. Lake ia quoted at
12.50O12.C5c; electrolytic and casting at 12.37%
&12.62%c. . . - ,
Lead advanced Is Id in London at £11 15o,
but remained unchanged locally at 4.50@4.B0c.
Spelter also advanced in London, cloving 2s
6d higher at £21 15s In London, while here
It remained quiet at 5.0OQ5.10c. .
Iron closed at 51s in Glasgow and 42s 3d In
Mlddlefboro. . Locally iron was, easier *-with
prices lower. No. t foundry Northern is quo
ted at $14 75@15 25; No. 2 foundry Northern,
$12 25@14 75; No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1
1 loundry Southern soft. $14 25@U 75. -- u •■:.■
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. # Feb. -i. — The wheat market
opened strong to-day. Higher •' prices at Liv
erpool in the face of the severe break here,
yesterday were sufficient inducements to buy.
Initial quotations on May were lc to l%c
higher at fl 05fcl 05 %. July wasup %c to
lo at 03%c to &4%c. The advance brought
out liberal realizing sales. For a time gen
eral liquidation ensued, resulting . iti , May de
clining tft fl 04 Vj and July to M%c On tha
break the principal bull . operator apparently
changed tactics and became an active . buyer,
Srlvln^'esueciaJ aU«ntjr>» <o the July deli"«w.
Prices started upward and: soon recovered all I
the early, less. The strong cash situation was
an additional bull influence. Offerings, how
ever, were lljrht and In consequence the mar
ket became exceedingly strong. May advancing
to $1 00%, a gain of 2»' s e from the low point,
while July sold up 2%c to 96Vic The market
closed Arm, 2&c up, at $1 O6V4 for May and
9«V£c for July. -
The feature of trading in corn was heavy
purchases by'several of the bull Interests. TTie
close was up l%c at 57 '/ic for May. July
closed .1 % @H4c higher at 55%c. . • ... ;
Oats also were higher in sympathy with
wheat. The close was at the besu prices of
the day. May closed l>,fce higher, at 45%c to
45%c. : .
Buying for investment account was the fea
ture in trading in provisions. May pork ad
vanced 57 I /ic, lard 12&c and ribs 30@:i2%c.
Threading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 1 05% /i 06% 1 04Vi 1 08^
July (old) ....*. 05 H 97 94% 97
July (now) ..... 94V4 »«V4 ft-"?Vj 06*4
Sept (old) 90% 01 V. f»M, 91%
Sept (new) 89!4 00% 8S^- 90%
Corn No. 2 —
February 53% 53% *&l% 53%
May 5t»V* , »7% 55% 67V*
July.... ... ' 55 55% 54% 54%.
Oats No. 2 —
February .......... -\ .. 43%
May. 45V4 4« - 45 46
July 41V* •*!% 41% : 41%
September . 36% 30% 3G& 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl — .
May ...1580 1625 15 70 16 25
July....: 15 90 '16'40,1580 16 40
' Lard, : per 100 lbs — .
May , 7 87V, 8 02% 7 82% R O2>4
July ; 8 O2'/4 8 15 7 95 8 15
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— .
May 7 60 7 95 7 57«4 7 90
July... 7 72Vi 7 05' 7 C7»£ 7 93
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour. . firm. No. . 2 spring wheat,
OSc<0$l 05; No. 3, 89cS$l 02: No. 2 red, $1 03%
<B1 08%: No. 2 corn, 53%c; No.. 2 yellow,
54»£c: No. 2 oata. 43H@4.H^c: No. 3 white,
41^45»ic: No. 2 rye, 73^i®75%Q; good feeding
barley) 42@43c: fair* to choice malting.' 4«©58c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 12; No. 1 ' Northwestern,
$1 18^4': prime timothy seed.* $3 10; mess pork,
prtr*"bbl. ?lti 12>-j©1« 25; lard. • per 100 lbs.
$7 S0S5T S2>V. short ribs sides (loose), $7 62^
©7 25: short clear sides (boxed). ?7 50-&7 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1.27; clover,,
contract, grade. $11 15. '.'■'<•
Articles ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels .......-..'. «i0.800 20,700
Wheat, bushels f'™ 3SS ■
Corn bushels ..;.., 84S.O0O . 200,500
Oat" bushel" *•• • • • -432.1OO 211.300 -
Rye. Chels * .....:. 20.000 ' 12.S0O
Barley.- bushels . . : 144.S0O . ; 17,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
. CHICAGO, Feb. '24.— On- the j Produce Ex-'
chaneg Co-day the butter:, market . was steady;
creameries'-. H©2tfe ; dairies, : 13^022e. . Eggs,
easier: lUS22c. Cheese, firm ; lO^jQ-U Ue. .
'Livestock Market. ; "~
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 24.— CATTLE — Receipts,
24, COO. blow and lower. Good to prime steers,
$4 uOfili 75- poor to medium, $3 50@4 75: stock-
ere and feeders, $2 50#4 10: cows, ?1 75<ff3 90:
i- heifers. $2U4 50: canners, $175@U50; bulls, $2
®4; calves. $3 50(g7 25. ,
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 45.000: to-morrow,
4fi.C0O. Strong to 5c higher. Mixed' and butch-,
ers. ?3 1&S5 55; good to choice heavy. *5 55®
5fi.'i; rough heavy, $5 25fi.V50; light, ?4 90f|!
5 20- bulk of sale*. $5 23*»5 50.
SHEEP — Receipts. 30,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4.25(34 50;
fair to choice mixed. ' $■"! tWH 25: Western
fcheep. $3 20«?5 25; native lambs, J4<§5 75; West
ern lambs, $5«itJ. ■ .
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — • March. May. Ju'y.
Opening fi 10% 8 9«« K fl?i
Closing 6 lift « 10t6 6 10Vi
FAR IS.
Wheat — r>b. May-Aug.
OpenitiK 22 55 22 85
Closing •••• 22 45 22 SO
Flour —
Opening 1 30 70 30 S3
Closing 30 C3 31 00
Northern Wheat Market.
. OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 21. — Wheat — Walla
Walla,. 77®7Sc; bluewtemy Kic; valley; 81c. (
. "WASHINGTON. I
TACOMA, Feb.' "24. — Wheat — Unchanged;
bluestem. S*3c; club. 78c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
. Exchange and Bullion.
New York Exchange was strong. Mexican
! dollsrs were quoted higher. Silver* de
clined *ic.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $lt>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7
j'-fcterllng Exchange, cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight....... — 12%
I Nrw York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
I Silver, per ounce — 58>,i
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 471^
/
Wheat and Other Grains.
! WHEAT— There was no particular change
! In the foreign markets. Chicago advanced.
i This market showed • no noteworthy variation
in futures, but cash grain was held higher.
CASH WHEAT.
. California Club. $l*42%(fil 47%; California
White Australian. $1 52%@1 57%; Northern
Club. fl 42%<ffl 47%: Northern Bluestem.
j $1 52%® 1 57% per ctl.
I FUTURES.
■ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HWrh. Low. Close.
May $1 47% $1 47% $1 47 $1 47%
December ... 1 40 1 4G 1 45% 1 46
'2 p. m. Session.
Op?n. High. Low. Close.
i May $1 47% ?1 47% $1 47% $1 47%
I December ... 1 4U>» 1 4<>Vi 1 48 1 46
BARLEY — Was lower, owing .to the rain,
and trade was dull,.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 HViigl 12%; Shipping and Brew
ting, $1 I5f?l 20; Chevalier, $1 17%Q1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES. ; .X
Session !> to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December ...$1 u5 $1 0ft $1 04% $1 04%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ..51 10U $1 10Vi $1 10%. $1 10%
December ... 1 04% 1 04% 1 04% 1 04%
OATS— T*o local trade report a fair amount
of bustne.su at Arm quotations.
» White. $1 27y.©l «7%; Uiack, $1 25@1 55:
Red. $1 20@l 32% for teed and $1 30@l 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — There la nothing new to report. The
market is quieter but firm.
Western sacked, • $1 .!7».ii01 40 for Yellow,
$1 37%£1 40 for White and $1 35 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, $1 :itVy$l 40- small
round do, $1 CO; White. $1 37&®l 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and $1 30 for
brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— ?1 73@2 per ctl.
Flour land Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 80ft
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, • $4 7Q®5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5®4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25- per 100 lbs-
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do $4- Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour,' $4 o<)fH 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina; $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25©S 60; in sacks. $0 75@s 10;
Pearr Barley. $e; Split Peas, boxes $7- Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs. '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
_»^/4%:'.-,r' - ■ ; ; ... ;' !
There was no Hay market ■ yesterday awing
to the -heavy rain. Feedstuffs were, as pre
viously quoted. The circular of Somers & Co-,
says of Hay: "Shipments of Hay for the past
'.week, show en Increase, of 600- tons over the
'week preceding. .2000. tons in, comparison with
2000.' It was found that the arrivals of last
week were not ■ suf Helen t fpr • the demand, eo
all holders of Hay have Increased their orders.
■Of course it must be remembered that about
100 tors daily are taken from the market to be
pressed. up for Manila shipment, and this will
continue until the • first .of March. After, that
date we .will probably ' see continuous light
shipments until the end of the season.
"We have '.very .little of interest to report
concerning the local situation here except that
although trading is a bit light, yet the market
holds with quite a firm tone. .
"In all probability there will be but little
Hay sent to .the southern part of the State
now from districts that supply this >■ market.
Tliey have had bountiful showers in both San
Diego and Los Angeles counties, which - has
tended to release many lots of Hay that were
being held for home consumption. .. This fact
affects so wide a territory that. th«y will have
little need to come as far north as San Fran
cisco unless the spring turns dry again,,. To the
north of us there will; be probably, no trading
unless their markets * should - become depleted
hMca.ua* of as Qciag tal demand. , There is still
considerable Hay being shipped throughout the
country immediately tributary to San Fran
cisco, and with the trade now in sight we will
have ju«t about enough to last us through In
good shape. To summarize, we can state that
prices will hold about as they are unless we
have some outside trading, of which as yet
we have no definite knowledge.
"We give no. change In quotations from the
prices given last week excent that Straw is a
bit ' dull at the present moment owing to a
rather free supply." 1
BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill. $2» 50SJ31;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22: Corn
Meal. $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn, $30@31:
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 00o per ctL
HAY— Wheat. $15(S18; Wheat and Oat. $15®
17 50; Oat. $15(317; Wild Oat. $14@16;
Barley $13@15: Stock, nominal — none here; Al
falfa. $12@13 60 per ton.
STRAW — 50®75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Pinks are higher and the market for other
1 kinds of Beans continues firm, with & fair de
mand for shipment and speculation.
BEANS — Bayos $2 35@2 65; Pea, $3; But
ters. $3 50; email White, $2 85©3 10; larg«
White $2 50@2 70; Pink, $2 90<§3 15; Red,
$4 50<g4 75; Lima, $3 25®3 35: Red Kidneys.
$4 50® 4 75; Blackeye, $2 15#2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard, $363 25; Flax, $1 »0@l 90; Canary,
S@SVic for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14@14%c; Rape,
X %@2e; Timothy, G@ti%c; Hemp. 3Vi«3%c per
1b; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®2l
P . e r>RIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ruled flrm under light' arrivals and
a steady local demand. . The report that the
steamer due from Oregon was delayed imparted
additional firmness to the market and Oregon
Burbanks were firmly held.. Rivers, too. were
strong and dealers experienced no difficulty in
disposing of stocks at an advance. 'Sweets 'were
closely cleaned up and firmer. No fresh stock I
came in'. Holders of Onions- were still exacting
high prices and the market ruled steady.
Asparagus sold at a wide range as to quality.
Sixteen : boxes came In and there were about
eight boxes carried ' o\-er from the preceding
day. Receipts of southern vegetables con
tinued light and prices had but slight variation.
Mushrooms continued to decline under steadily
Increasing receipts. Rhubarb was offering
again, but sold slowly. A few boxes were re
ceived from the recently . organized Rhubarb
Growers 1 Association. The consignee was in
formed that a minimum price of 12 %c per
pound was established by the association for
No. 1 stack and he waa directed to return the
shipment at the expense of the shipper if it
could not ba sold at that figure.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $110
til 20 per cti; Oregon .Burbanks. $1 25@1 40
p'fer ctl;' Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks.
$1 15@1 20 per ctl; River Reds, $1 per
ctl ; Garnet - Chile*. S0c<5|l 05 par ctl; Early
Rose, 05c(jJ$l 05 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2 55®
2 10 per ctl. -
ONIONS — Yellow. $2 6002 C5 per ctl for Or
egon and $:! for Nevadan; Green Onions. «35@
75c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 20@40c per Ib;
Rhubarb, 12%e per. lb; Green Peas, 5©Sc
per lb; String Beans, 15@20c per lb;
Wax. ; Tomatoes from Los Angeles,
*1 25ft I 75 per , box or crate; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $101,50 per box;
Cabbage, $1 10 perAl; Carrots. -50c per sack;
! Hoihousts ■ Cucumb'rs, f.OJiT.V . per dozen for
j small and $1<$1 50 for large: Garlic. 5<@0c per
lb: Egg Plant. 20iJr30e per lb: Dried Peppers,
I 5$8e per "lb. for Stockton and 10@12%c for
■ southern; Dried Okra. 10@12Uo per lb: Green
Peppers. £0iR30c p*r lb: Mushrooms. 5iai2','iC
per lb: Marrowfat Squash, l@l%c per lb; Hub
bard, %C per lb.
\, Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was in good shape for
sellers. The high prices of Chickens, checked
the demand somewhat, but as supplies were
-none too plentUul prices were well sustained.
A car of Western was marketed early in the
day and cleaned up quickly at good figures. A
1 second car came in later and was pretty well
I cleaned up at the close. Dressed Turkeys wero
1 numlnal, only one small case b3ing received.
Game was dull and unchanged, with the stock
sttil showing the effects of the moist, clone
weather.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. per lb;
live Turkeys, 15<gl7c p»r lb; Geese, per pair.
$2«2 25; Gosllngf. : Ducks. $3 50<g6 50
per dozen for old and $6 50^7 50 for young;
Hens. $6 50®7 50 for large and $5 oOSid 50 for
small: younp Roosters, pi 50<C7 50: old Roos
tem. *5 fiO@eC; Fryers. $fi<S6 50; Broilers, J5@
5 CO for large and $4 50<S5 for small: Pigeons.
$1 2MJ1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25Q2 30
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Get-se, $2 50@3 per doz; White
Geese.- C0cQ$l: .Brant. $1 for small and
$2 for large: Honkers, $5 for large and $1
for small; English Snipe, $.*!;' common Snipe,
$1 50; Rabbits. $1 m@2 for Cottontails and
$i@l 25 for Brush; Hare, $1.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter was generally quoted lower yester
day. Supplies were heavy and in execs* of .the '
demand, and dealers offered concessions to buy- ;
era, to little purpose, however. The warm |
rams are increasing the weakness of the j
market. . \ ,
Cheese continues weak and depressed, with •
! stocks still too heavy. 1
! Eggs continue to decline and tl»e downward
I tendency is becoming more pronounced. The
i market I? full of sellers and buyers are few and
purchasing only from hand to mouth. The
offering by retailers to sell the Ijpst ranch at
1 2.V 1 Is helping the market down about as much
an anything else. They do it every year about
this time. ; - ■ '
I Receipts were 31,600 lbs Butter, 1166 cases
! Eggs and 4fC0 ]*s Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hand*. 24c for
extras ?3c for firsts and 21f?22c for
seconds: dairy. is®22c: store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 21ti22c for extras, 18@20c for
seconds and 16(&tSc for ladle-packed. ' ■
CHEESE — 0%®llc for good to choice new
ar.d S©3c for lower grades; Young Americas,
10%®ll%c: Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14@15c
per lb
EUGS— Ranch, 22Vi@21c; store, 2<>@22c per
j dosen. ■
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was dull and featureless, ]
as the rainy weather checked local trading and
there was nothing doing in the shipping line.
Small and medium sizes of Navel Oranges con
tinued abundant, but 96s and 112s were in
comparatively light supply, and such offerings
were firmly held at full figures. There was an
unusually large attendance at th? Orange auc
tion, but no ono seemed to want to buy any
thing and .the bidding was very slow. Five
ears of Navels were cold, fancy selling at life
1 iA choice selling at 7.5c@$l and standard at
40c«}$U ..
Prices of Apples were without quotable vari
ance. Fine Newtown Pippins packed In 3%
ti*r boxes were scarce ana flrm at $2 per box.
while 4-tler boxes of the tame fruit were
weak at $1 Ii0<iil 75. Common Apples were
plentiful and dull.
APPLES— $1 75(52 per box "or extra fancy:
$1 25ffl 50 for ordinary fancy. S5cf?$l for
choice and 50<g75c for common.
PEARS— Wirter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed). 52 5C«:J ner box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Nave! Oranges. $1 25rf)2 .10
per box for fancy. 7Bc<S$t 25 for choic? ami !we
<?$1 for standards : Seedlings. 50c®$l; Tan
gerines. &0e<&?l 23 per box: Lemons, fl 75CS2 50
for fancy, $1 25@1 50 for choice and 75cift$l for
■standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25<?j2 25; Mexican
Lfines. $e@tt 50: Bananas;. $l!fi2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $2«2 50 for Central American;
Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fntiis,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7V t @10%c for Royals and
9tf?12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4V»@
5%c; eun.drlea. 3%@*tfc; Peaches, 6f 7c;
Pears, S@ll%c: Nectarines, ,4V»(§5%c; Figs,
white 3®4c in boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pit
ted 0«0c per pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
sizes. .
RAISINS — The Association announces the
"following new prices for 1904: Standard grades.
50-lb casee — 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5%C per
Ib: 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
. Muscatels. 4%c: Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga. loose. 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c: Seedless
Thompsons unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20-
Ib box — 6-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 60; 1-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown . London Layers. $1 38; 2-erown
London Layers, $1 25;. usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-oa
cartons, per Ib. 7%c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. «%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 6%<S;' choice bulk car
tons, per lb, 7V t c; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c:- 12-oz cartons,
seeded SeedlingB. Muscatels, "per lb. 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muncatels, per lb. 6%c. .-
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%irai4c;
No. 2 imm2c; No. 1 h'ardshell. 13(ffil3%c;
No; 2.' ll@ll%.c: Almonds.- lie tor Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. lO-Xc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. fi*J7c for Eastern:
Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts, 8(fi7c per Ib.'" - • '. - V
HONEY— Comb 10@ll%e for white and S»4«i
9%c -for' amber: water white extracted. 5®
5 He: light amber extracted, 3%*iS4%c: dark,
5 U c ; II ght amber ' extracted. 4 % ® 4 % c ; dark,
3U©4c. - *.- " ._ , '
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
. Provisions.
Chicago advanced. Pork selling up 60c and
Lard and Ribs ■ 15c. Commission houses were
the best buyers; while th« packers sold freely.
; This market continues firm, with local deal
ers talking of. an advance ■ In " Pork products
within a few days.' :~> . .;-. , . .
CURED -MEATS — Bacon. 'lie per lb for
heavy. U%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
J4c for , : extra light • and IBe . for ' sugar-cured ;
Eastern - sugar-cured • Ham«, 13%c: . California
Hams. 1214013c: Mess B««f. tioiuvmn 1— vwj.
extra Mess. ?11 50©12; Family. $12 50«13;
prime M*ss Pork. »15; extra d«ar. *-'*S25:
Mew, SIS: Dry Salted Pork. 10%«llc; Pis
Pork, 527; Pigi" Feet, ?5:* Smoked Beef, 14a
per lb. .,
LARD — Tireces quoted at "Uc per lb for
compound and 0%e for pure: half -barrels, pure.
10c: 10-lb tins. lOVic; 3-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 0c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c: five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AMD SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about *»@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted.
Steers 0%c; medium. 8%c: light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip 9c : Salted Ve&L 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c; Art Hides,. 15Q10c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c each;
short Wool. 40<§C5c each; medium. 70©90c: long
Wool *1@1 SO: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $262 50 for medium. $1 25©1 75 for
small and 50c for Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $lgl 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 31c; dry salted Mexican, 23c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 33c;
small. 20c. ,._
1 TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4e per lb; No.
2. 3V4c: grease. 2tt©3c,
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'.' 9-9
lie- Middle County. ll©12c; Northern Defeet
lve 6@10c; Nevada. 13©15c; Oregon, flne. 18©
19c; Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
■ HOPS — 25fi30c per Ib for California, 1903.
and 20o for crop of 1004.
The market showed no change yesterday,
i DRESSED MEATS.
I Wholesale rates from ■laughterew to dealers
i "'bEEF^H^Hc for Steers and 6®6Ko pel
lb VEAL^Large, S@9c; small. »%fi»Kep« »»•
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@10c; Ew«i, S^®9Ho
P 'LaMB— Fall 10011c; Spring, 15@16c
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7©SVic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 80
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:. 1
CATTLE— Steers, 8§Qc: Cows and Heifers,
7®8c: thin Cows. 4® 5c per lb.
CALVES — *«4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4?i@5c; Ewes. 4%©4^c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5<S5%c per lb. «./!•«
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5tt©3?*c:
over 200 lbs, 5Vi«3%c; soft Hogs, 4%c: Sows.
20 per c«nt off; Boars. 50 per eent off. and
Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
- v
BAGS— Grain Bags, S»ii©5?4e spot and »%c
June- July: San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bag*,
32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7H©8c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $S: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. {6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7; Cooe
Bay $5 50: Greta, $7: WalUendr $7; Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50®
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 43 per 2000 lbs and
I $12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
! add 5c; Linseed. 40o per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Baktrs' AA, ?1 NKgl 12: Lfacol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. «Og70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 68c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: {atural winter sperm Oil, 75c: extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. «0c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot OH. 75c;
Xo. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. «5c: light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
15c- Pearl Oil. In cases. 21 Astral. 2Hic;
Star 2H4c; Extra Star. 25*ic: Elaine, '27%c:
Eocene 24V.c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c; In cases, 22^c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: In oases. 194c: SB-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c: in cases, 31c. *
TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon in cases and
S2c in drums and iron barrel*. „.,_
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Rr." Lead. 6^9
7c per lb; White Lead. 6>4®7c. according to
quantity. _
SUGAR— The Western Sugar ReHnlng Com
pany quotes as follows. p«r Ib. in 10O-lb bag":
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c;
Powdered 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5."!0c- Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Be«t Granulated
(ioii-ib hags only). 5.10c: Confectioner*' A.
5.3Cc; Magnolia A, 4.90c: Extra C. 4.S0c: Golden
1 C 4 70c- "D." 4.COc; barrels. 10c more: hall
barrels 2"* more; boxes. 50c more: JiO-lh baes.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels,
[ 5SOc- boxes. e.05c; H. & E. Crystal Doralnos.
1 S.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its . equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
*FOR WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 24.
Flour, qr sks .. 73? t^lts. No. ..... XM
Wheat ctls .... 3.25C Hides. No. 31»
Parley' ctls .... 10.C50 Quicksilver., flks S3
Beans.' sks 721 Wine, gals .... 31.400
: Corn ctls «*S Su ** r - ctls • • • • *?2
i Potatoes, sks .. 810 Leather, rolls .. ,4S
Onions, sks ... »v Tallow, ctls ... 5
i u. v tons ."{SO paper, reams — 11«
I "ool taT« . : • • 213 Brandy, gals . . 2.500
I Feed' sks 494 Lime, bbls «5
i Shorts. Or.. sk» S00 1
I WASHINGTON. ) ,
Wheat, ctls.... 16,C0Oi
STOCK MARKET.
Some Demand for Bonds, but
Stocks Still Dull.
There was some activity In bonds, espe
cially on the afternoon board, but stock* were
dull, with a decline in Alaska Packers to
$138 50. The oil and mining stocks continued
quiet.
Tho Ophlr Mining Company r«M a d iX ld X? d
of 25 cents per share, amounting to $25,200.
to-day
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the KUauea Sugar Company the following
officers and directors w«re re-elfCted: John
D Spreckels president; A B. Spreck»ls. vice
president and treasurer; W. D. K. Gibson,
W G. Irwln and Henry St. Goar. W. H.
Thomas was re-elected aecretary.
Lion Oil Company assessment of ,1c p«r
share upon the capital stock of the company,
amounting to $4CO0. became delinquent' at the
office of the company February 21.
STOCK AND BOM) EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 2t— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld-Ask. Btd.Ask.
43 qr coup.. 107 — 4s qr cp newl32%133%
4s qr reg... — — 3 B tqr coup.. 108 106%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A \V fa' — — O T Co 6a. — 119H
Bay CPC 5«. — 1<U% Do 5s v 1C9 . —
Cal C G 5s. — 104 Yt Vo con 5s. — 103%
Cal G 4- E K Oceanic S 3« — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Ora Cable «s.X22 123%
Cal-stC Sb.11«J-%117U Pae G Im 4s. 94 OS
C C Wat 5R.10O 103% P E Ry Bs.103 105U
Ed L & P rts.125 1"1 P & Q H fis-tOT —
P & C H «b. -* 120 P & O R 6s.H6 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% "0 r*wel!-st f*.112H —
H C&S 5%s.l04 — Sac EGAR5a 9»V»100
Do 5s .... »S% 99 SF A SJV5«.11S —
Hon R T fis.106 — Sierra R 6s.lll%112%
L A Elec 5s. — 1C5 S P of A 6s
LA Ry »»•• — 1« '1 9OB > l05^ —
L \ L CO 6s — — (1910) ....106% —
Do gtd fi«. — — S P of C Cs
Do gtd r.s.l03%105V3 (10M)Sr A.104% —
LAP lem 5s.l00%103 (1905)Sr B.105 —
Mkt-et C fls.116% — (1906) 10«% —
Do lem »s. — "«% (1912) 113 — .
MV4k MtTm. — 112 SPC 1 e» fts. — —
NRR of C6s.l0G%107% Do stmp«f.lOS%lC9Vi
Do 5s — 119 S P B R 6s. 134 —
N P C R 5S.1O5 — 8 V W 6*.107Vi —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 Do 4a 2dm. 99^100
N C P C 5s. — 10O Do4h 3dm. 90 99%
N S R R Rs. — 100H Ptkn GftEes — 100
O G LAH 5s.lC8 — U G t E 5S.105 —
O W gtd 5s. — 99
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 38% 41 iPort Costa.. — — •
Marln Co... — «S IS V W Co. 39% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — S F O & E. 57% 58U
Mutual EL.— 12 Stkn G & E 5 —
Pac LCO...55 — UG&E Co. — 37
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — !
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 345 | '
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. ■— 125 L P St A...— 170
Anlo-Cal .. R7V4 — Mer Trust... — 223
Bank of Cai.429 440 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe pp. — 150 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl . — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav A L So. — 10O
Hum S & L. — — Sec Bar Bk. — 45O
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co. — —
S*F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 IPrealdlo — 42%
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Giant ..... 61 Vi 62. i Vigorit . 3% —
SUGAR.
Hanfc P Co. — 400' Kflauea S C. — • ' $ '
Hawaiian C. 4*Vk 43 Makaweli C. 1SH ir>»i
Honokaa 8 C 11 — Onomea S C 23 29
Hutch SPC 88% Paauhau 8 C 11 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.136 — Oceanic S C. 4% 4%
Cal F . C A. 03 97 Pac Aux FA. 3 8
Cal Wine A. 02% — Pac C Borx.167 —
ADCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fe <£* fe
By order of the Superior Cfcurt. Department
9. J. T. Murphy, guardian of the estate of
Daniel T. Murphy.
I will sell all the stock contained on Um
premises at 73 CITY HALL. AVE..
THURSDAY. Feb. 23. at 11 o'elodc -.
Said stock consists of about 40 RIGS of every
description. DELIVERY and MILK WAOONS.
SURREYS. BUGGIES. CARTS and SINGLE
and DOUBLE HARNESS. ETC Also th»
sheds and good will of the business and about
2{ head of WELL. BROKEN HORSES and one
JACK.
No Limit or Deserve. '■ • -
' 8 - WATKINS. Auction— r-
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association.. .13fl 50
$3,000 gprtn* Val 4s (2d mt««) K> 50
Street —
$5,000 Calitornia-st Cable 5 per cent.. 117 00
$3,000 S P of Ariiona U900) 105 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 9 F Qas & Electric, a 00.... 57 50
30 S F Gas & Electric 57 50
I9.0CQ Spring Valley 6 per cent 10? 37^4
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (2d mtg«> 90 25
Street —
15 Makawcl! 10 mi
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5«... 09 25
$1,QCO Oakland Transit Coo «s 119 *S
$13.0C0 S F A S J V 5 per cent US 25
,$10,000 S P of C 6s (100H). s 30 ..107 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bld.A»5c
Bay CPC 6s. 05 100 3 P Co 4Us. Ss S3
B L Wat «s. — 120 Sun Tel «s..U:J —
Cal NW 5s. 1104*112 Do 9i 102^ —
SF Drdk 5a. — U3H;Suttr-»t R5s.lO5 113
SF A NP 5s.lU Ul?iiL'R of SF 4s. 73 70%
S P C 4s — 100 )
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ata S Co — 22 Mils Nat Bk.SOO —
Cal Cot Mils — V& Key Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N S R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. SO 120 X C P Co... » —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav.lli'i —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I A T.115 140 IOOF Hall .V 5^ -
Cen Bk. Oak. 63% — Orpbeum Co. — 16*4
Chutes Co .. — 8 Pac S Tel Co — 100.1J
City A C Bk. — 112 Paraf Paint. 39 —
East Dynm.lsO — s F Drytfock. 60 — •
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — SF A SJCoal — 22V»
Fischer Thtr. — IX S J Wat Co. — im
Frnch-A Bk.lOJV — SO A MTgbt — 183
Gas Con A. 19H 21 Swtsa-A Qk.114 —
Hono P Co. OH — Truckee Eleo — 13
LonA SF Bk. — 60 UR InC pfd. 45 —
Mat .Vav Co. — 00 Do com .. 10 Vi —
Morning Session.
Street —
10 French- American Bank 105 00
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Askvd.
Apollo 4.1 ....
Associated Trust Cert 2O ...,
Aztec 73 ....
California Standard 13
Caribou 2 23
Central Point Con 60 ....
Chicago Crude IS
Claremont 5O ....
Ksperanxa ISO ....
Four <W 70
Fulton 4 0O
Hanford 113 m
Horn- 1 22V& 1 23
Indep«ndenc« 13 l*i
Junction 1*
Kern 4 75 5 fto
Monarch of Arizona 41 It
Monte Crlsto «S
Oil City Petrotaum .11 XI
■ San Joaquln O A D 2 or> ....
Senator W» ..
Sovereign 44
Sterling 2 45
Superior •» 0«
Toltec * 1»
West Shore - 50 ....
Miscellaneous! —
Fischer"* Theater 1 00 1 73
Northern Cal Power 1O0O
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 73
SALES.
Morning Session.
10O Monte Cristo Oil M 1^
a«) Monarch Oil 42
3tt> Sovereign Oil • . 45
Afternoon Sesston.
«no Monte Crlsto Oil ■. SO
100 Illinois Crude Oil 110
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following w*re the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
3C0 Andes ....... 44| 100 Ophir 4 33
100 Belcher 32 2CO Potosl .17
• 200 Bullion 11 4CO Sav»g*^ 31
10O Caledonia .. .1 05: 12O)» Scorpion '.1
100 Challenge Con S3 200 Sierra Ner .. St
5O Con C A Va.l 70 20© Union Con .. »l
10O Gould A Cur. 44 400 Utah 21
400 Mexican 1 731
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes &O. 100 Gould A Cur. 4?
.200 Belcher 331 200 Mexican 1 S3
200 Chollar 19: 30ft Ophlr 4 CO
100 Con C A Va.l 70| 100 Potost 1<*
5CO Crown Point. 25 10O Savage 54
40O Crown Point. 241 3CO Savage 35
2C0 Exchequer ... 13 i
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salts on the Paeiflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 431 10O Ophlr 4 30
ICO Mexican ...1 77H 20O Sierra. Ne» .. 52
100 Mexican 1 SO 30O Union Con .. M
200 Mexican ...1 S2bl 200 Yellow Jacket 47
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 47; 200 Ophir 4 «Q
S0O Caledonia .1 02\i\ 2fiO Sierra N«v .. S3
100 Chollar l»t 20« Union Con •• S3 ■
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yeaterday:
I Morning Session.
I 400 MacNamara . 18! 5CQ Ton Belmont. 50
2200 Mont Ton ..1 $5 100 Ton N Star.. 33
700 Mont Ton .1 37Vjl
Afternoon Sessioiv
20O Evelxn 34 «J0O Ton Belmont. SO
2f)O Mac^iimara. 20 20rt Ton Belmont. 31
10O MacNamara . 1» 400 Ton N Star.. SJ
140O Rescue . . . /.. 08
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
.WEDNESDAY. Feb. 24 — ft p. ml""/
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
iipha 0« OH 'justice 0« CS
Alia 07 l»»;Kentuck 03 04
Andes' 49 50.Keyes Graes.. — 1 7.1
Belcher 34 Lady Wash.. — Ort
Best & B*lch.2 25 2 30 Mexican 1 80 1 S3
Bullion II 12 Occidental ... «0 SI
Caledonia ...1 0O 1 C5, Ophir 4 50 4 U
Challenge Con 35 |5iV Overman .... S2 S4
Chollar I 9 2l I Potoat 1« 1 »
Confidence ...I 1O 1 2O. Savage &ji 54
Con C A Va.l «3 1 7»tS«>n>«on «! 04
Con Imperial. 02 Kt Se# BelcheT.. 07 v.S
Con NY <« 05 ; Sierra Nev .. XI 54
Crown Point. 24 25;SIlv«r Hill .. W 70
East Slerra N JJ — «5iSt Louis — 1«
Eureka Con... — 50 Syndicate ... 04 C3
Exchequer ... IT 15 Union Con . . S3 «<?
Gould A Cur. 42 44 Utab 21 22
Hale A Norc. 97 1 CO i Yellow Jacket 47 43
Julia O* C«l
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Aak. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 1« R*y Exten .. — IS
Esperanaa ... — 01 Ray Ton 10 20
Gold Anchor. — 23 Kay A OBrien — 10
Gold M Con. — 13 ! React** 07 —
Hannapah ... — 13 Ton Belmont. 4!» 5t
Hannapah Mu — 23 Ton ©f I^-v.S 73 7 Co
Little Ton .. — 1 OOJTon N Sttr. . 33 33
MacNamara . IT IS Ton Midway. 39 4ft
Mizpah Exten 10 — Ton Superior. — 12
Mont Tcn..l 35 l'37^ United Ton .. — 12
N T Ton .... — 03 West End . . 10 —
Paymaster ... — to
Ah Sin Must Stay in Jail.
Ah Sin was caught in a lottery Joint
at 820 Washington street on January
25 and was subsequently sentenced to
a term in the County Jail by Judge
Cabaniss for visiting «uch a place. Hla
conviction was based on an ordinance
which makes it a misdemeanor for
any one to visit a gambling place the
doors of which are barricaded against
the police. Ah Sin's attorney held
that the law in auestlon was Illegal
and appealed to the Supreme Court
for a writ of mandate to compel the
Police Court to give his client freedom
again. The Supreme Court denied the
petition yesterday.
Shipowners Incorporate.
The Shipowners' Association of the
Pacific Coast was incorporated yester
day. The directors are James Rolph
Jr., G. B. Plummer, H. Z. Howard,
H. E. Pennell, W. G. Tibbett*. G. E.
Billings and W. H. Marston. The
membership fee in the corporation U
$100.
1516
OLNEY'S NAME
IS SUGGESTED
Senator Perkins Telegraphs
to Oakland's Executive as
to Panama Canal Commission
HIS HOXOR 3IAKES REPLY
Declines to Say What Answer
Has Been Sent to the Query
ing .Wire From Washington
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 24.
Mayor Warren Olney. has been asked
If he would accept a place on the Pan
ama Canal Commission, the inquiry
coming from United States . Senator
George C. Perkins by -wire to-day.
Publicity was given to the telegram
from Washington by outside sources.
greatly to the annoyance of Mayor Ol
ney, who desired that nothing should
be said concerning the inquiry from
Senator Perkins.
The high standing of Mayor Olney in
the legal profession and as a citizen
led Senator Perkins to send the query.
The Mayor refuses to say what reply
he has made. In fact he declines to
eay anything about the matter at this
time.
"To tell you the truth." said the
Mayor this afternoon, "I feel very
much disturbed that the fact should
have become public. Yes. I have re
plied to the telegram, but I shall de
cline to eaj- what was the answer given
to Senator Perkins."
GRUNSKY IS MENTIONED.
San Francisco Engineer May Be Ap-
pointed on Canal Commission.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 24.— President
Roosevelt has received definite accept
ances from five of his appointees on
the new isthmian canal commission,
r.amely. Roar Admiral John G. Walker,
U. S. N.. retired. General George W.
Davis, U. S. A., retired; Colonel Frank
Htcker of Detroit, director of trans
portation during the Spanish-American
r.ar; William Barclay Parsons, en
gineer of the New York subway, and
William H. Burr, professor of engineer
ing at Columbia University, New York,
and at one time a member of the
Walker Isthmian Canal Commission.
It is quite likely, although it has not
been determined absolutely, that the
other two members of tha commission
will be Benjamin M. Harrod of New
Orleans, engineer of the ; Mississippi
River Commission, and C. Ewald
Grunsky of Pan Francisco. It is be
lieved Qnuftky win accept.
It was hoped by th*r President that
Alfred Nnb]p. of t the Penn
sylvania Railroad, would accept one of
the appointments, but it is understood
to-night that he has declined definitely.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have Ho Terrors
for Tender
Protected by the
Use of
Assisted in cases of in-
flammation, irritation,
itching, burning, scaling,
or cracking of the skin,
by gentle applications of
CUTICURA Ointment,
purest and sweetest of
emollients, and greatest
of skin cures.
Complete external «.»« intentl trwtment for tr«rr
kssor tram pUnplw to «erofmi«, rron lafucy to tet.
cm4>8bc of CCTICTRA 6o*». Oiatmrot. aad Kfu,
»4j m* k* W •< •& «r«£ji«u tar rat AaUw.
FOOTPAD HOOPER RETRACTS
HIS FLIMSY "CONFESSION"
Says He Wove the Fabric of Falsehood in Order to "Jolly"
the Law Officers Who Questioned Him in Marin County
Jail — He and Carson Held for Arraignment Next Friday
Like a house of cards the "confes
sion" of Austin Hooper, highwayman,
has collapsed. Its author yesterday
pronounced it a fabric of falsehood,
woven in an imagination heated by
yearning to acquire the fame that is
coveted by criminals and shunned by
honest men. He said he constructed
the flimsy narrative simply to "Jolly"
the law officers who had him under the
"sweating" process in the Marin Coun
ty Jail, but the general character of
ihe youth indicates that his principal
prompting motive was to depict him
self as a very desperate fellow.
Hooper's retraction was not needed
to prove him a prevaricator. The Call
of yesterday showed that he had not
participated in the Colonial Club rob
bery in^this city on February 12, but
was at his mother's home in Petaluma
on that date and for several weeks
prior thereto. Indeed the entire "con
fession" was discredited by The Call,
and apparently deceived only certain
critics of the San Francisco Police De
partment, who are ever ready to grasp
opportunity to fling censure. Captain
of Detectives Martin and his men be
lieved Hooper was lying, because they
knew that the criminals he had named
as his accomplices have not been in
San Francisco for a long time and
could not possibly have done any of
the things he accused them of doing.
But their explanation of that fact did
not save the detectives from arraign
ment for alleged neglect of duty. They
were charged with having willfully re
fused to arrest "English Dick," "San
Jose Blackie" and Ray Fahey after
Sheriff Taylor of Marin County had
told them where the trio could be
found. Sheriff Taylor now says that
Captain of Detectives Martin gave him
every possible aid in finding the crim
inals, but they were not where Hooper
had told him they might be found, a
lodging-house at Second and Minna
streets. Martin's men knew they were
not there, but to satisfy the Sheriff
they raided the place and other places
suggested.
WHAT MARTIN" KN'EW.
Hooper says that "English Dick" was
rot with him in any of his enterprises.
Martin knows that since "English
Dick" was released from the peniten
tiary he has been at work in Sacra
mento, that "San Jose Blackie" has not
been in San Francisco for many months
and that Ray Fahey is as far away
from California as he could remove
himself since he escaped from Folsojn
last July. There are rewards upon th-;
head of Fahey that exempt him from
being ignored by any police officer who
may run across him.
Martin is still emphatic in declaring
that the alleged confession of Hooper in
San Rafael is not to be considered in
connection with the robbery of the
Colonial Club, and he says that bo far
a? thp local detective departmept is
concerned, no effort will be made to ar
rert the men whose names have been
mentioned as participants. Martin said
further:
I We have positive information that the men
kn^wn as •"San Jose Blackie" and "English
Dick" have not been in or near this city for
a r.umbfr of years. The last named man. If
h» if the party, whom we have reason to be
lteve he is. has been in Sacramento and has
b»en earning «n honest livelihood. Fahey. of
court-*, we would take into custody as quickly
a,s »«> could apprehend him. He was one of
the convicts who escaped from Folsom Prison,
FAIR DEFENDANT SAYS
DRESS WAS MADE CROOKED
Miss R. Cahen Sued in Justice Dumi'4
Court by Tailor That Built the
Garment.
A large contingent of ladies was
present yesterday in Justice of the
Peace Dunn's courtroom during the
progress of the suit brought by
Charles Stockwitz, assignee of A.
Mayer, a ladies' tailor, who sued Miss
R. Cahen of 643 Baker street for
$50 50, th*- value of a dress made f^r
the fair defendant. ,
Miss Cahen testified that she en
tered into negotiations with Mayer
for the making of the dress, but when
it was sent home she tried it on and
found it was not made in the man
ner agreed upon.
"Everything on the dress from top
to bottom was crooked," asserted
Miss Cahen. "The braid on the sleeves
was crooked and I could not get my
arms in the sleeves because the
sleeves were crooked, too. I refused
to pay for the suit and the result is
that I have another one on my hands;
I mean the court suit."
Miss Cahen's remarks produced
po much laughter that Judge Dunn
was compelled to rap sternly for or
der.
Mrs. Boxald corroborated Miss Ca
hen's testimony and opined that sh«
was competent to judge because she
is an experienced dressmaker. After
Mayer, the builder of the condemned
dress, had testified that the dress was
a perfect fit the case was submitted
by the attorneys, who promised to file
briefs on authorities in support of
their clients' respective contentions.
Frank Baeon at the Grand.
Frank Bacon, who has been identi
fied prominently and successfully with
the best companies in this city, is now
an acknowledged and successful star
and will begin a week's engagement
at the Grand Opera-house next Sun
day matinee in his own comedy
drama, "The Hills of California," in
whirh, during the last twelve months,
he has successfully toured the prin
cipal cities of the East. He will be
supported by Bessie .Stuart Bacon and
and an exceptionally strong company.
A most perfect production will be giv
en the play and no effort will bo spar
ed to make the entertainment enjoy
able and legitimately interesting. Mr.
Bacon, who is a Californian, is as pop
ular in private life as he is on the
stage and his numerous friends . ar»
planning to honor him.
Church Ladies Will Entertain.
The ladies of- the Trinity Methodist
Episcopal Church wil give an enter
tainment at the Y. M. C. A. Hall on
Monday evening, February 29. at 8:15
o'clock. The programme will consist
of singing and recitations. The Grae
ber's mandolin orchestra will also give
several selections.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1901
and a reward for hit capture U still hanging
over him.
But there is at least one grain of
truth in Hooper's "confession." That
portion of it relative to the attempt by
Carson and himself to rob the shoe fac
tory at Petaluma was confirmed yester
day, when Superintendent Cline in
formed The Call that a number of his
employes saw the buggy standing at a
near-by corner last Saturday and a
strange young man (probably Carson)
prowling about the factory. Before he
was -ent to the penitentiary Hooper
worked in the factory, and at that
time the employes were paid every Sat
urday. Since then the payday has been
changed to Wednesday.
HELD FOR ARRAIGNMENT.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 24.— Austin Hoo
per and "Shorty" Carson have been
held in $5000 ball each to answer the
charge of "holding up" Shannon's sa
loon at West End last Sunday night.
The preliminary hearing of th,e two
young crooks took place to-day before
Recorder Murray. Neither of them of
fered any defense, and they were not
represented by counsel. Only two wit
nesses were called— William Shannon,
the saloon-keeper, and James Crow,
who was in the saloon when it was
raided. These men positively identified
Hooper and Carson as the robbers.
Late this afternoon Judge Lennon
had the men brought into the Superior
Court. He appointed E. B. Martinelli
to defend Hooper, while James K. Haw
kins was chosen to look but for Car
son's interests. Hooper, at his own re
quest, was arraigned, but asked that he
be allowed several days in which to
plead, and Judge Lennon fixed Friday
morning at 10:30 as the time for en
tering a plea. In Carson's case the de
fendant asked that his arraignment be
postponed until Friday morning, which
was granted.
A complaint has been sworn to in Sau
salito before Justice Pryor charging
Hooper and Carson with grand larceny
at the saloon of Antone Lawrence, but
District Attorney Boyd will try the
Shannon case first. It is believed that
before the trial comes up Carson will
plead guilty, but Hooper vehemently
asserts he will "give the authorities a
run for their money."
MATERNAL LOYALTY.
Mrs. C. T. Hooper, mother of Austin,
came down from Petaluma this morn
ing and had a long interview with her
son. She is a wealthy woman and it la
believed she will furnish money to de
fend him. She did not hesitate to say
he was thoroughly bad, and asserted
she had given him every chance to be
decent, but he had caused her much
trouble for many years. She said:
Yes, Austin is bad, though he has had everj
reason to be otherwise. We were always indul
gent with him and offered him all the advan
tages of education. It was our plan to eend
him to Tale, but very early in life he gave us
trouble. He was In the lone Reform School
and later in San Quentln. 'When he left there
on January IS las>t he came home and prom
ised us he -would be a good boy. They say he
w(is In the Colonial Club robbery, but he was
at my home the night that occurred. He left
Petaluma last Monday. I did not want him to
go. for I knew he would meet some of his old
companions and pet into trouble again. I be
lieve the boy'n intentions are all right, but in
bad company he' is weak. While I have given
up hope of reforming him I can't desert him in
this hour of serious trouble.
Hooper's first crime was the stealing
of a bo'at in Petaluma. With several
companions he organized a band of
creek pirates and invaded a number of
clubhouses, shooting preserves and cab
ins along the river. For this he was
sent to the reform school, but made his
escape and was never taken back.
CONVICTED BURGLARS
APPEAR FOR SENTENCE
Edward Yarrow and Clifford Mcldrum
Sent to Prison for Three and
a Half Years Each.
Edward Yarrow and Clifford Mel
drum, who were convicted by a jury
in Judge Lawlor's court on charges'
of burglary in the second degree, ap
peared for sentence yesterday. Prior
convictions of petty larceny against
Yarrow and burglary in the second de
gree against Meldrum were withdrawn
and the Judge sentenced each to serve
three and a half years, Yarrow in San
Quentin and Meldrum in Folsom.
They broke into the' room of George
Olson at Montgomery avenue on
the morning of April 6 and stole two
watches. They were arrested before
they left the building by Policemen
Matheson and Merchant. - '
Yarrow has been a lucky criminal.
Twice previously he was tried on
charges of burglary and acquitted and
once he was arrested on a similar
charge, but the owner of the house
entered declined to swear to a com
plaint against him.
BABY DIES SUPPOSEDLY
FROM EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
Clinton «T. Seecchippano Breathes His
Last in His Mother's Arms Dur
ing Recent Temblor.
The death of Clinton J. SeecchIp-\
pano. a baby three weeks old, is sup
posed to have been due to shock from
fright nt the earthquake which oc
curred at 3 o'clock last Monday morn
ing, .according to the death certifi
cate filed yesterday at the health of
fice. The certificate signed by Au
topsy Surgeon Bacigalupl states that
the cause of death was "probable
shock from fright, as all the organs
were normal." .
The baby's mother, who resides at
2131 Geary street, testified that she
was awakened by the earthquake and
saw her baby throw its hands up in
the air and with a gasp it died in her
arms. r^ f
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunks will be just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.60. A. B. Smith Co.. 133
Ellis st. •
Chapman's Evidence Needed.
Edith May Parteilo Madden, who is
being sued for divorce by Captain
John A. Madden, yesterday applied to
the Superior Court for permission to
take by deposition the evidence ( of Carl
H. Chapman, a witness for her behalf
in the divorce proceedings. She says
he is about to leave the State and will
be unable to attend the trial.
The overworked Eye. the faded- Eye.
the red and Inflamed Eye. the Eye that
needs care, relieved ; by Murine Eye
Remedy. No smarting. •
BUILDING PLAN
IS ACCEPTABLE
San Francisco's Structure at
St, Louis Has the Approval
of Exposition Authorities
CONTRACT COST $11,800
Movement to the . East of
State*Exhibits Tliat Are As
sembled About to Commence
A dispatch was received from T. C
Judkins yesterday at the headquar
ters of the committee having in charge
the making of a San Francisco exhibit
at the St. Louis Exposition in which
the information was contained that the
St. Louis management has approved
of the San Francisco building as pro
posed with the exception of certain
flagstaffs. In the same dispatch came
a report concerning the bids that have
been made for the construction of the
San Francisco building. The lowest
bid was for $11,800. '
Architect Newsom will remain in St.
Louis until work is begun. The struct
ure will stand close to the end of the
model street and there will be but one
building between, it and the main en
trance, the one intervening being the
model day nursery that will be erected
to represent New York City.
The acceptance of the San Francisco
plans means that the feature of roof
garden and cafe is insured. The bids
include the cost of the garden and cafe.
While the contract price Is $11,800 for
the construction it is expected that
with the articles that have been of
fered for the adornment of the interior
the total value will not be less than
$20,000. Tanners have promised to give
leather; others have agreed to supply
burlap; the redwood men will give
woods for the interior, the cost of
which material alone would be $2000.
Five San Francisco banks have
j agreed to guarantee the cost of putting
) up the San Francisco building pending
} the receipt of the money promised by
' the Board of Supervisors, amounting to
! $15,000. A guarantee of the contract
; was accordingly sent on last night by
; the Bank of California to the Boatmen's
! Bank in St. Louis. The San Francisco
banks that have made the advance
pending the paying over of $15,000 by.
i the city are the Bank of California,
! First National, San Francisco, San
! Francisco Savings and Loan Society
j and the Crocker- Woolworth National
i Bank. The finance committee Is now
making endeavors to get in more
I money as soon as possible. The cost
I of arranging for a proper display must
I be met soon to insure the proper in
j stallation and setting for exhibits.
State Commissioner Wiggins will go
to St. Louis this week to take charge
of arriving California exhibits and to
transact such other business as is nec
essary to attend to at the St. Louis
end of the line. Heretofore California
exhibits have nofgonp on with the.ex
ception of a carload of Watsonville ap
ples for cold storage. To-day the first
of materials for the mining arch to
be raised above the California display
In the mines and mining buildl/ig will
start overland. The first of the for
estry exhibit of this' State, to be In
stalled In the forestry building, will
also be shipped. All the California ex
hibits for St. Louis with the exception
of fresh fruits to be grown that will
have to be sent on during the summer
have been assembled at San Francis%o
and at other convenient points.
Lines From the Log -Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"Service on the Limited is even more
excellent than represented in printed cir
culars. Meals are as good as at first
class hostelries of the great cities; at
tendants courteous and obliging." M. H.
McChesney. Chicago. •
Ames' Injuries Fatal.
A. H. Ames, elevator operator em
ployed by M. Fleishhacker. died in the
German Hospital at 5:20 a. m. yester
day from gangrene of the right leg.
He -was accidentally jammed between
the elevator and the flooring on Feb
ruary 13 and his right leg was am
putated below the knee at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital. Two days
later he was removed to the German
Hospital, where gangrene set in. Ames
was 54 years of age.
Advertjsing mailing cards printed by Edw.
S. Knowles. 24 Second street. *
Smuggled Goods to Be Sold.
Deputy United States Marshal Far
ish, by order of the United States Dis
trict Court, will sell to-morrow at noon
in front of the Sansome-street en
trance of the Appraiser's building, a
lot of silk klmonas, Japanese linen
drawn work, embroidered panels,
scarfs and table cloths seized as smug
gled goods among the personal effects
and baggage of S. Toda, a Japanese
storekeeper.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
'THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
j ~1 GIANT STRIDES!
& 7^3^ All Records Broken
She DISTINCTLY HIGH QUALITY
MOET <& CHANDON
"White Seal" Champngne
WBBhS^B^BBeSMB^ Messrs. Moet 6c Chandon own more vineyards
H§iw69^ t ' nan a " '^ e ' ca<^ n 8 Champagne houses combined
~J8mf an(^ avc over ' ' m '' cs °' ce "? rs * l^ e most ex '
1 u£SB)*vQ Bolllf*. • figurr nevf r before reached by any Champ»gn? home
<£^^d5£_FeK>^^8»^* r^JSnft G rel1 Hou«r offers itt choices! product in
'%r^S^AS^« "WHITE SEAL"
***—*•"« —V -■■■•■ • ' THE CHAMPaCNE Or THE DAY
William' Wolff : ;& Co. PAC ' F 'c coast acents San Francisco, Cal.
THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
BIG INCREASE
IN VALUATION
Property of Spring Valley Com
pany Is Estimated at Up
ward of Fifty-Two Millions
BRAUXHAET'S IRE ROUSED
Mayor's Veto of Bills Presented
Is Referred Back to Board
Without Recommendation
The Board of Supervisors met yester
day afternoon to consider, as a com
mittee of the whole, the fixing of water
rates. An elaborate verified statement
was handed in by the Spring Valley
Water Works, which placed the .total
valuation of the plant at $52,964,700.
This aroused the ire of Supervisor
Braunhart, who characterized such a
statement as ridiculous. Excitedly
waving the typewritten sheets contain
ing the statement in the air, he ex
claimed: "This is what I call trifling
with a most serious matter. This com
mittee is here to consider the fixing of
water rates on a fair valuation, and a
preposterous figure like this is handed
us. This valuation is simply impossi
ble, as only last year Mr. Schussler es
timated the value of the plant a,t about
$40,000,000, and there is nothing to show
that it has increased in value to such
an enormous extent in the meanwhile."
In reply. Attorney Kellogg, repre
senting the corporation, replied that he
did not think Mr. Braunhart's remarks
were, fair, as he had condemned the en
tire report after a mere examination of
the sum total. He said that all the
property owned by the company was
listed in the report submitted and the
valuation was reasonable. In response
to an interrogation from Supervisor
Braunhart, he asked tartly, "Do you
expect us to agree with the valuation
made by your engineer?" City Engi :
neer Grunsky had placed a valuation
of $24,673,000 on the plant.
WAGES ARE HIGHER.
Mr. Kellogg explained further that
the valuation of the plant has been in
creased during the year owing to the
increase in the cost of labor, both for
operating and for construction work,
which latter, he said, is being carried
on all the time, and the cost of this has
increased 50 per cent during the year.
In view of this fact he said It was but
natural that a building erected by
workmen at a salary of $2 a day would
be rated higher than a similar one
where the laborers were paid but. $1 a
day. The cost of Jmllding material and
pipes a'so has advanced greatly, and,
on the whole, he did not think a mod
est jump of $12,000,000 at all exorbitant,
inclining rather to the belief that the
water company is dealing very gener
ously with the people.
The first witness called yesterday
afternoon was C. W. Williams, an en
gineer employed by the water company.
He was questioned as to the relative
expense of pumping 1,000,000 or 2,000,000
gallons of water. In reply he stated
that the expense for labor was the
same, but more fuel might be required.
When interrogated specifically regard
ing the vast difference in the figures of
the last year and preceding years at the
Belmont station he accounted for the
Increase by stating that $1SOO had been
expended in repairing "an engine and
this amount was charged to operating
expenses. He could not tell why the
cost of pumping was greater in 1902
than in 1903 or than the amount esti
mated for 1904-5.
LITIGATION INCLUDED.
Chairman D'Ancona then stated that
the object of the inquiry was to de
termine what portions of the statement
should be charged to operating ex
penses, what to construction and finally
the actual value of the plant. Branden
stein called attention to the fact that
the expenses of litigation in the Clough
contest were included In operating ex
penses and contended that the rate
payers should not be taxed to carry on
a suit to quiet. title. Mr. Kellogg re
plied that the Clough suit was to de
termine the right of the company to
lands purchased In 1875 and of which
the company has had undisputed pos
session until recently. He considered
it but just that this be brought under
the head of operating expenses.
"Well, it Is Simply a suit to quiet
title, nevertheless," retorted Branden
stein, "and has no more, right under the
head of operating expenses than the
acquisition of new property would have.
It is unjust to expect the ratepayers ot
San Francisco to be taxed for any such
litigation."
Inquiry was made regarding the
amount of taxes paid by the Spring
Valley Company in San Mateo County,
but its representatives were hopelessly
Ignorant on that subject. Mr. Kellogg
made a rough guess, but In answer to
a direct question was unable to say
HALE'S. I KAIjE'S. |
The New Fashions
in Walking Skirts
'And Some Prices to Make Them SHU More Interesting.
■ They're the skirts to wear whether it rains or whether it's
sunshiny. . They give one a dressy trim air even on a wet,
gloomy day. , The first notable value is
A stylish, skirt, $2.95, with the swing and
. women are after this spring. It's a nine-gore flare one • "ith lap
seams, strapped with the same material; back is pleated, black-
and-white and blue-and-white mixtures.
$3-95-Light weight mixtures, with tailor. stitching, tucks and straps
down the front and at the hips, forming a yoke; the front pleats
$ 5 . 0( J^!bther prSty mixtures in brown and blue effects. £rith pleats
runnina,full length; on the sides are the new fan pleats.
Other walking skirts for you to see, $6.75 and ?7-5O-
===== Mrs. Pott's irons. , ' That no one would
Downstairs * to a set. 8qc. Women's ever^ think to oav
__ . TiJccAirc rarn«»r t. r *. 1 — ~ 3 s little as I.-»C tor.
Bargains Bl s S w t c l^ crS "St V estS ljC -They have deep
===^= oak or mahoe- fancy yokes that
any, are $i 70 look like hand crocheted work. %
Ironing boards on stand, adiust- « .&
able, are onlv QoC. a n the way down the front and back:
'Toilet paper, the best quality, l^rScfl^ZZT
COO sheets to the roll. O rolls GAUZE VESTS -tSc^— Flna aad soft;
2 - c . , with shell stitching In front; pearl
•Swift's Pride laundry soap, 8 button9 - .' '
h - r , ~- cy ====== 24 sheets.
Dars 2;,c. SoUVenir 24 envel-
, It s to be a great day down- .- 0 opes,
stairs for the housewives. They Stationery lUC Ea^
will buy and save and get sat- well-known San Francisco illus-
isfaction at every turn. tration — stationery we have
If. it rains, telephone. But y™^i^Vl™iZS?t
share the values. 'boxes he wanted to make a quick
Galvanized pails, io qt.. l.->c. not fce herfi to _ morrow> xoa
One-burner gas plates, io in.
square, worth 75c, at 45c. *""*^ mmm <M "" — m "~' =^ Dozen
Gas ovens, double lined, with Curtain Swisses or more
detachable shelves. 08c. • 12^C, WOrth 20c £j£ ke o n f
100 clothes pins. 8c. 7 coirs ot
1 Willow clothes baskets. 65c . . ... colored
■ curtain lawns will ec* to-dav at
almost half-price, .16 inches wide,
ij^J&P^S^ *ffl *in neat lace stripes, daintily
J@2f _rs~***Ga*in -^-.L^^-g. sets, bed sets, or curtains for the
- t3^"£2£°G°°*£^ bed chamber.
whether or not the company was pay
ing one-fifth of the entire amount of
taxes paid in the county. The Super
visors will again meet as a committee
of the whole to-morrow afternoon,
when arguments will be' heard.
MAYORS VETO.
Prior to the water rate Investigation
the vetoes of the bills of the company
were considered. These were for wa- •
ater supplied for hydrants and public .
buildings during the last month and [
the veto was on the technical ground j
that a proper list of the places sup-'
plied with water did not accompany
the demand. The sentiment was
strongly in favor of overriding the veto. I
as It was stated that every demand j
presented since the new charter went I
into effect might be vetoed on the same j
ground. There was no allegation of
overcharge, the bills being well within
the limit. It was finally decided to
refer the matter, back to the regular
meeting of the board without recom- J
mehdatlon. '
STORM PREVENTS ANNUAL
INSPECTION OF CAVALRY
Troops WiU Be Put Through Maneu
vers and Drill on the First Pleas
ant Day.
The annual Inspection and maneu
vers of the cavalry which were to have
taken place before Major John S. Wls
ser on the golf links yesterday were
postponed on account or the heavy
rain storm. Major Wlsser, accompa
nied by Major Bigelow, made a thor
ough inspection of the troops' quarters
in the morning and in the afternoon
the stables received their attention.
The inspection of the squadron,
mounted, will take place so soon as the
weather permits.
The regular monthly field sports,
which should have taken place yester
day, are postponed Indefinitely.
Baron Carl von Rosen of the Royal
Coast Artillery of Sweden paid an of
ficial, fare well call yesterday on General
MacArthur. Baron von Rosen has been
here for the last nine .months studying
American army tactics. He has also
spent considerable time In translating
Major Wiss«r's book on coast defense
tactics into the Swedish .language.
Those who registered at headquarters
yesterday were: Captain Berkeley,
Nineteenth Infantry, who came down
from Vancouver Barracks with a num
ber of prisoners, and Assistant Surgeon
Weston P. Chamberlain, who is en
route to Manila. -**.O
Refuses to Swear Out Warrant.
Ernest Hollensteiner, who keeps a
grocery on Geary street, who applied
for a warrant last Saturday for the
arrest of Fred S. Adams, son of a
well-known family in Oakland, for
passing a worthless check for $100
on him, called at the Bond and War
rant Clerk's office yesterday, accom
panied by Jules Gamage. collection
agent. A letter had been written to
Adams to call at the Warrant Office
and make an explanation. Dut he paid
no attention to it. Hollensteiner re
fused to swear to the warrant for
Adams' arrest/ as he said Gamage had
assured him that the check would be
paid by Adams, the same as in many
other instances.' ,■'
Chinese Arrivals Decreasing.
United States Immigrant Commis
sioner Hart H. North has compiled
some significant statistics concerning
Chinese immigration at this port. Dur
ing the fifteen months from July 1,
1875, to October 1, 1876, before the
exclusion act ,went into effect, there
arrived 22.879 male Chinese and 276
females. In sharp contrast are the
arrivals for the fiscal year ended June
30, 1903, which amounted to only
1628, of which 517 were admitted as
American born citizens.
Institute Elects Trustees.
The folio 7 named "ia-? been
elected trustees of the Mechanics' In
stitute: George Beanston, Edward
P. Heald. James H.' Lyons. jL.. R.
Mead. Janys Spiers. "Rudolph J. Taus
sig and George H..Wallis. The instal
lation of the new trustees will take
place at the^annual meeting of the in
stitute on Saturday, March 5, at which
time officers will be elected.
A bottle of Piao'g Cure for Consumption will
often prevent pneumonia. Try It. •
Ayr "T^^i^jji * M Zj P^_ t^^B ■ I
39 STOCKTON STKEET.
Telephone Main 5523.
W« make a. special effort this w«ek to
Eive our Increasing patronage unusual la-
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per sqaara — 35e
Hard to duplicate at this price. Re* 4Cc.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen .... 25c
Guaranteed as usual. Res. 30c
XOHA COFFEE, per Ib 20c
Reg. Zte
Our monthly sal» e( t&ls coffee ha*
made us many friends.
CANNED SALMON, per can 10c
P*lne. blood-red Salmon. Ref. 13c
SALMON TROUT, each 15c
A delicious breakfast dish. Res. 23c
Eastern Cheese, Martin's full cream, 1517-jC
Reg. -J.V
Just the thing tor a Welsh rarebit.
APETIT SILD, 2 tins for 25c
A Norwegian delicacy. Res. 15c each
SLICED PMEAPPLE, per can 15c
Canned at Singapore. Reg. 20c
EASTERN SU G JR-CIH E 0 BACON, per Ib 1 1k
Reg. 20c
CAL SMYRNA FIGS, half-lb pkgs. 3 for . 25c
Reg. 13c each
The only California ruccessfully crown.
BARBEE BOURBON ..psrbot 75c, gal S3
Always reliable. Reg. $X and $4
FINEOLO RYE, full quart 90c
n>!l aged; extra quality. Reg. $1 23
PALM GIN, pint bottie 40s
Reg. 33c
Imported from Scheidam, Holland.
PORT AND SHERRY . per boi 25c. ga! SI
High grade wines. Reg. S3c and SI 30
WHITE LABEL PORTER. per dozen. . SOS
Guinness' Favorite Stout. Res. $2
ORDERS SOLICITED.
W Chocolates Wi
1 V Bonbons Ji [
1 Given Away Free' j
I* With
I Teas, Coffees, Spices fi
| Baking Powder I
| It Pays to
a Trade at
1 Great American Importing Tea Co's jj
I Stores ;!
9 881 Market 210 Grant a». 1433 P«fk '
a 140 Sixth 1819 Derlaadere 705 Larkfo A
H 475 Haiffftt SSCS Sixteenth 355 Hayea ,
fl S2SS Mission 521 Montz'y ava. £2 Market g
B ZOOS Fillraore 2S16 Mission 146 Ninth p
B S66 Third 2732 Uth 43* Fourth Kj
IS^SIFAN > TS i^ L INVALlDS^ |
fiafii »jh hh n Hi IB IB
Thin babies become plump
babies when frd with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Whether you nurse your baby or u«« Mel-
lin's Food you will find our book. •* The
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S F*OOD CO., BOSTON. MAS3.
Weefly Cal $1.00 w Year