THE - FrATFEE.
forecast made at S*a Tta.n- '
Cisco for thirty hour* t&6lag
inldalrht. Pebraary 3: ' [ !> V
San rrancisco and vicinity —
Clou It Wednesday, j possibly
llslit rain vy nisfhti light •
erlr wlndi. cbinrinr to « ;uth- .
easterly.- .a,' 6. mcadie. .
■ " • it iystrlct Jorepaster. •
VOLUME XGV-r-NO.* *6§.
FORTUNES
DISAPPEAR
IN AN HOUR
TremeMillSliijj.
•on NeWjttCik:
Quotations; VMM; ;JJe<Kf$d
Fire 'a^flenrloiiji-^
;at aBffiifc-
Day's Sales in ' Deirioralized. Market
Are Estimated itr Tptil- of tfp:[.
: pillion &g. : C \ !ir§
KEW YORK. Feb., 2-T-eIifeavy,: ! S?H-.'
ing and a violent: ;fc;reak' .in • prices
marked to-day's 'business 'in ;tfce/£o"t
ton Exchange. • the- "da-i: f. slump" 1 j&eing
even more sensational '?th«h .the.* re
cent advances,, vhieh^ lixS^JjS steadily,
eent cotton quotations liipTvard. '-linti!:
yesterday they, reaped,' the highest
level since ;i 875. ; .-]'.)''■;.' .*':'.'
Under the ir.fl Jence c,£ a nurnber .of
causes, chief of -which ■w^.s the fcoijr
firmed report that Daniel J; Suliyy the
suposed leader of the upward nioy ; .»^
ment, was about to take, a' vacation-.
and enhanced by the. belief of ir.ahy
operators that its culmination: '-had
been reached, quotations for .a-ll
months collapsed to.' the. exten.t '..of
from $6 to $& x >er bale and utte.r. de
moralization ruled in the pit. No. fail
ures were reported, but the violent
fluctuations represent losses of •.-m:i
lions, distributed throughout tht- mar
ket- Transactions during the- day
"were enormous in the aggregate, • tne
day's sales being estimated at 2 00'\- ;
000 bales. The break was finally
checked by renewed bull support ani
a rally followed. The close was about
steady. , ' .' .' •
RUMOR CAUSES A BREAK.
The day opened with a sharp break,
in prices, under .the influence of a gen
erally circulated rumor of s-ttlements
by short interests effected since- -yes
terday. . This sent quotations down, a
half cent per pound, but a denial of
the rumor brought about a substantial
recovers*. . • > •
Barely had the market ste^d'.ed
after this movement j ' . when ; the
report of Suily's intention • *.' to
take a vacation became -cur
rent and prices again started down
ward. It was inferred that this mei-.nt
the successful disposal of his interest*
and the abandonment of his campaign
and' when he was quoted to the effect
that he was about to take a* two
weeks' vacation the downward move
ment became a panic, sel!?ng orders
poured in upon brokers and the mar
ket went to pieces, quotations melting
away 5 and 10 points at a time. . In
fifteen minutes of this panic, .with
every broker a seller and none- '.a
buyer, prices fell vertically almost a.
cent a pound, and the May option In
less than one hour registered a. Je
cline of a cent and a quarter a. pound,
a variation greater than would have
been effected in a week under normal
condition?. Along with the liqiiidz
tion of bull speculators there was
some selling- for short account..
FORTUNES ARE WIPED OUT-
The sensational decline continue J
apparently until it had spent itself.
After it had been going on for about
an hour nnd fortunes had been wiped
out a few buying order* appeared, an-5
served to allay the storm of liquida
tion and short selling. Then "shorts'!
began to cover and there was a quick!
rally of from TO to 75 points. But it
bad been a terrible hour.
Only once before in the history of
the Cotton Exchange have the total
transactions for on*» day exceeded
those of to-day, when the two million
figure was reached.
The market was finally steady with
the three active months 20 to 52
points up from the bottom, but at a
net decline of 65 to 87 points on the
old &nd 5 to 27 points on the new crop
months.
The early decline was helped by re
ports of a private settlement, said to
have been made last night, in which
it was estimated something like 100,
000 bal«»s were concerned.
FLOOD OF SELLING ORDERS.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 2.— The re
peated warnings and prophecies of
conservative traders came true to-day
end the cotton market showed a series
at eharp breaks, the last and most se
vere of which lowered prices almost 100
points, or a cent under the closing price
of yesterday.
Unlike the - two other memorable
breaks of this season, the slump was
unattended by much excitement. A
moderate volume of trade had been
shown all day, with the largest amount
of business coming from room traders
and outside scalpers. Suddenly- the
entire ring was flooded with selling or
ders and prices commenced a mad
chase downward. They dropped five
and ten points at a time under the
pressure. What weak "longs" there
were in the market quickly let go and
added to the volume of selling orders.
Some few stop-Iocs orders were re
ported and , thrown upon the market
But almost as quickly as it was applied
the pressure was removed and prices
ehowed a quick recovery on bujing or
ders.
The San Francisco Call.
CHAMBERLAIN'S SON
CHAMPIONS HIM IN
HOUSE OF COMMONS
PElisONAGESr '• WHO TOfc>K
FROSil^ENT * • PART I?J
- OPENING PARLIAMENT.
SICKENS
OF HANNA
IS SERIOUS
Even Relatives Are
Excluded; From
His Room.: ;
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL B1JREAU,. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Fib. 2.-^-Senator Han
na has had another relapse and is now
being cared for. by a trained nurse.
Following the Gridiron Club dinner on
Saturday night he entertained a dozen
friends at breakfast on Sunday morn
inj,' and ten at dinner at the Arlington
Hotel and in consequence of these
taxes upon his strength he was very
ill yesterday and his temperature was
103. Dr. Rix°y issued orders that he
was to remain in bed and see no one.
As Mrs. Hanna and Miss Phclps, the
Senator's niece, are worn out with car
ing for him, a trained nurse was en
gaged to-day. Although Senator Han
na's sister, Mrs. Prentiss Baldwin of
Cleveland, and his daughter, Mrs. Me
dill McCormick. are in the city, neither
was allowed to see him to-day. Pri
vate Secretary Dover also has been de
nied access to the sick room, Dr. Rixey
limiting those who came to see him to
Mrs. Hanna, Miss Phelps and the
nurse.
BIG DAMAGES AGAINST
THE CANADIAN PACIFIC
British .ludge in Hongkong Fixes
$4S0,000 as Price of Gunboat
Sunk by Company's Steamer.
MONTREAL. Feb. 20.— The Cana
dian Pacific Railway officials an
nounce that the company has been
condemned by a British Judge in
Hongkong to pay to the Chinese Gov
ernment $480,000 for the sinking of a
Chinese gunboat by one of its steam
ships, the Empress of Japan.
Blizzard in New York.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Feb. 2.— Intensely
cold weather, a forty mile gale and a
heavy fall of snow played havoc with
the railroads entering Buffalo to-night.
All ,the fast trains are about three
hours late. Two deaths were due to
the blizzard.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, . 1904.
Dramatic Incident
of Parliament's
Opening.
LONDON, Feb. 2.— "My right hon
orable 'friend, the member from- West
Birmingham/' as Austen Chamberlain
described his father, was the central
figure in the drama that marked the
opening of Parliament to-day.
No playwright could have devised a
more curious situation. For the first
time in years Joseph Chamberlain took
his s.eat as a private citizen and was
stysarated Trom his former colleagues in
the Cabinet by the gangway. From_
this seat he saw his son act as leader
of the House of- Commons, a position
which* Joseph Chamberlain, with all his
years of . Parliamentary experience,
ne.yer attained. "
Premier Balfour was laid up with in
fluenza and therefore was unable to
be present. When Austen Chamberlain
arose to reply in behalf of the party of
which his own father is believed to be
the most powerful member, the House
was spellbound. Until that moment
Akers-Douglas, Secretary of State for
Home Affairs, was generally expected
■to take Premier Balfour's place, arid
interest in the proceedings were height
ened by. the fact that Sir Gampbell-
Bannerman, the Liberal leader, had
just concluded a merciless* satire on
Austen Chamberlain's father. .-The sit
uation _ was without parallel in the
recollection o # f the oldest politician, and
all eyes were fixed alternately upon
the father and the son.
CHEERS HIS SOX OX.
Joseph Chamberlain, who had sat un
moved under, the ridicule of the Liberal
leader, turned nervously toward his son,
who ; now ■ takes precedence over him.
With his monocle 'in his eye, an orchid
in his buttonhole and his hands clasped
across his knees, the most prominent
figure in the British empire sat and
listened to his own • defense from the
lips of his son. ■
Austen Chamberlain spoke haltingr
ly and under evident strain; yet, when
he referred to his father it was always
as "the member from West Birming
ham." There was a tinge of impas
sioned feeling In his words, which
brought constantly to his hearers a
realization of the'relations between the
two men. Now and again Jeers greet
ed the youngest member of the Cabi
net, whereupon, with unmistakable
anger, his father turned his glance in
the direction of the offender and oc
casionally. Joseph Chamberlain cheer-,
ed his son on with an emphatic "Hear!
hear!"
As Austen Chamberlain neared the
conclusion of his defense of the atti
tude of Premier Balfour and his father
toward the fiscal question the inter
ruptions grew more frequent, and the
Chancellor of the Exchequer clutched
Ihe brass-bound treasury box, . on
which Gladstone was so fond of lean
ing, and ; addressed his remarks al
most solely in the direction of his
father. Defiantly Austen Chamberlain
accused Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man of attacking the Premier in his
absence, and with a touch of pride he
said: |
"The member from West Birming
ham is here; he can speak for and
look after hjmself."
SPEECH REGARDED AS WEAK.
The House, finally expressed its re-
Continued on 'Page 4, Column 3.
DEMOCRAT
ARGUES FOR
THE CANAL
Clarke of Arkansas
Praises Course of
President.
Says Mr. Roosevelt Did His
Plain Duty in Recog
nizing Panama. •
Minority Party, He Asserts, Will Give
Treaty Sufficient Votes to In
sure Its Ratification.
WASHINGTON, Febi 2.— Clarke, the
new Democratic Senator "from Arkan
sas, made his first speech in the Senate
to-day. He spoke two hours, and an
nounced his Indorsement of every po
sition taken by the President in con
nection with the Panama revolt and
in the negotiation of the treaty with
the new state. He even said that, in
view of the provocation given by Co
lombia, the President might have been
expected to go further than he did in
advancing the cause of Panama. He
declared that there was more popular
support of the course of the President's
policy among Democrats than among
Republicans, and said that the Demo
cratic votes necessary to ratify the
treaty were assured.
Clarke said that the civil war now
going on in Colombia was but a re
action of the revolution which had been
in progress for the last three years, and
in support of this statement he re
viewed governmental conditions in Co
lombia, saying that its rulers were men
who found in warfare their most profit
able aj^d congenial oiiyny^. These men
were for the canal, he said,~ ; simply
because thev saw a prospect of get
ting $10,000,000 out of it, and not be
cause they cared anything about the
United States or even about the wel
fare of their own country.
Clarke also found in the treaty of
1846 justification for the attitude" of the
United States, and contended that Co
lombia did not have unlimited sover
eignty in the sense that England, Ger
many or France had. He insisted that
1 if Colombia itself could not build the
canal it was bound, because of the at
titude of the United States toward it,
to permit this country to build it. He
then declared that as the republic was
an accomplished fact it would be an
act of foolhardiness for the United
States to refuse to deal with it.
Our acts of "friendly supervision,"
he said, should have convinced Colom
bia of the determination of the United
States to do ristat under all circum
stances, and the Colombian people
Bhould have know., they were asking
too much when they accepted our pro
tection under the Monroe doctrine for
eighty years and then demanded the
right to be treated as an equal power
with "the United States. Instead of
maintaining a friendly attitude, Co
lombia, he said, had begun a course
of double dealing and bad faith even
before the Colombian Congress had be
gun consideration of the Hay-Herran
treaty, and 1 this, he asserted, had been
continued to the time of Panama's se
cession.
Clarke contended that the Colombian
authorities knew perfectly well that tha
revolution was imminent and there was
no foundation for the charge that the
Panama revolt had been incited since
the adjournment of the Colombian Con
gress. It was not to be denied that
the United States knew what was go
ing on in Panama, and if it were nec
essary to show that the President was
unaware of the state of affairs in order
to establish his Integrity that must be
done at the expense of his Intelligence
and even of his performance of offi
cial duty.
Clarke announced his disagreement
with the Senators who contended that
the President should have turned to the
Nicaragua route after failing to secure
Colombia's ratification of the canal
treaty. His principal reason for this
was announced to be his belief that
we should have only a sea level canal,
which, he said, was possible in the
Panama route, and hot possible on the
Nicaraguan route. He did not believe
that any but a sea level canal would
pay expenses.
He declared his gratification that the
House expression given in favor of the
carifel had ' come from Democratic
States, and added - : that Democratic
votes would make the ratification of
the treaty certain. The Republican
party could, make- no such claim and
the President; had received no assur
ances of support from the Republican
party at large.
Fail to Choose a Senator.
ANNAPOLIS, lid., Feb. 2. — The
Maryland Legislature joint ballot for
Senator to-day resulted : Isidor Ray
ner (D.), t 35; John. Walter- Smith
(D.), 29; other Democrats, 16; Louis
McComas • (R.),;^32. . Necessary to
elect, 50. ,. . ~
Students Arrested for Plotting.
st. Petersburg; Feb.-, s.-seviHty
pupils attending the Catholic schools in
this city have been arrested on 1 charges
of starting a secret revolutionary asso
ciation. ■ ; ■••-
WILLIAM C. WHITNEY
DIES FROM EFFECTS
OF AN OPERATION
Under tfie Influence
of Ether When
Death Comes.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— William Col
lins Whitney, 'former Secretary of the
Navy, died a few minutes after 4 o'clock
this afternoon at his home, 871 Fifth
avenue, in his sixty-fourth year. He
died while under the influence of ether,
administered' preparatory to a second
operation for appendicitis. At his bed
side were his son, Harry Payne Whit
ney; his daughter, Dorothy Whitney,
and Dr. William T. Bull, the chief sur-"
geon in attendance.,
Mr. Whitney was taken ill on Fri
day night at the performance of "Rigo
letto" in the Metropolitan Opera-house,
and had to leave before the opera end
ed. .Dr. Walter B. James, the Whitney
family physician, was summoned and
found that the condition of the patient
was such that, after consultation, an
operation was decided upon and was
performed by Dr. Bull. The patient
rallied so well that it was confidently
believed he would recover. .
Mr. Whitney's condition became very
grave, however, on Sunday and to-day,
and at a consultation neld this, after
noon the conclusion was reached that
the only hope lay in a second opera
tion.
PREPARE FOR OPERATION.
A bulletin issued in the morning
stated that there had been a slight
improvement In the patient's condition,
but shortly before 3 o'clock 'alarming
symptoms were noted and hurried
preparations -were- made, for a second
operation. Mr. Whitney was placed un
der the Influence of ether, but whether
the operation was proceeded with or
not is unknown. \
When the physicians perceived that
the patient was . in danger of death.
Harry Payne Whitney and Miss Dor
othy Whitney were immediately noti
fied. They hastened to the side of their
father, and in. a few minutes he had
breathed his last. Oxygen was used
and all the skill of the physicians and
surgeons brought into play to save the
life of the distinguished patient, but
to no Wail.
It was 5 o'clock . before . the simple
fact of his - death was. made public.
Later the following statement was is
sued:
"Mr. Whitney died at 4 o'clock of
peritonitis and blood poisoning, follow
ing an operation for, appendicitis."
PLANS FOR THE FUNERAL.
The interment will be at Woodlawn,
at a date to.be hereafter fixed, in the
family plat,'; where are. the remains of
Mrs. Flora Payne Whitney, Olive Whit
ney and Mrs. Whitney's grandchild,
Flora Payne ' Paget. . The funeral ser
vices will be held in Grace Church,
where Mr. Whitney was a pew holder.
The^full list of pallbearers will be given
out. later. ~
Soon. after the death visitors began
to call at the house. Among them were
Cornelius Vanderbilt and ex-Secretary
of War Elihu Root
Mr. and Mrs. Payne Whitney were
in Thomasville, ;.Ga., when Mr. Whit
ney's condition, became critical, - but
they left for New York immediately
onja '• special 'train. < A' cablegram, was
sent , onV Saturday to , Mrs. Almerlc
Paget. Mri Whitney's daughter in Lon-
Continued on Pajje 2, Column 1.
Alcazar— "A Colonial OlxL"
Calif oral*— "The Eternal City."
Central— "East Iiyixae." =
Cfcutei — Vaudeville. .
Columbia— "A Citaeid Hoaey
moon."
rtscher'i — "Tka Beauty Shop."
Grand— "Iiort Biver." . . •
Orpsenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day . - • •■?'•.:'.
Tivoll — "When Johnny - Coaxes
Home."
STATESMAN AND FINAN
CIER WHOSE DEATH IS
MOURNED BY NATION.
COLOMBIA'S
FIRST BLOW
AT PANAMA
Attack Upon Indian
Allies, of New
Republic.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 19O1. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PANAMA. Feb. 2. — Positive infor
mation was received from Colon to
day that an attack had been made by
Colombian troops on an Indian vil
lage on the San Bias coast, several
miles this side of Cape Tiburon. It Is
said that the soldiers arrived In
canoes and drove away the Indians.
After firing a few shots and killing
and wounding several Indians the Co
lombians took possession of the
houses. It is not possible to obtain
further facts.
Rear Admiral Coghlan, immediately
upon receipt of the news, sent the
gunboat Bancroft, which had been
coaling with the expectation of start
ing to-night for Chiriqui Lagoon, to
investigate.
Officers who have 'recently been
scouting along the coast fully credit
the report. ' It has long been said that
the Colombian plan of campaign
would be to take possession of so toe
point admittedly in Panama territory
and not on the line of transit on the
Isthmus, in the belief that while such
would be admittedly a hostile action
the United States would not' attack,
but would-leave the affair wholly to
Panama troops.
,. One theory, is that a few companies
of soldiers, with officers, left Titulati
without the sanction of .their su
periors af ten getting weary of the ill
ness and, poor rations in the Colom
bian camps.
; It is said that no provisions have
been -sent to Titulati from Cartagena
since a month ago, when twenty
days' rations per capita were . distrib
uted. The supplies consisted of lard,
rice and kerosene, ,
THE THEATEBS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WRECKERS
FASTEN TIE
TO A RAIL
BoW Attempt Is Made
to Derail Elec
tric Cars.
Serious Smash-Dp Is Nar
rowly Averted on Hunt
ington Line.
Operator Discovers Obstruction on Track
in Time to Save Motor From Going
Down Embankment
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONG BEACH, Feb. 2.— Under tha
cover of darkness three attempts have
been made in as many days to wreck
trains of the Pacific Electric Railway
Company, the Huntington line running
between here, Los Angeles and Alaxni
tos Bay. The latest work of the would
be train wreckers was done last night
on the Alamitos line, which runs along
a high bluff above the beach. A train
was speeding along when the motor
man saw a dark object on the track
ahead, and stopped just In time to pre
vent striking a tie which had been se
curely lashed to the inside rail in such
position that had the car struck it, it
would have been hurled down a thirty
foot embankment. As it was the car
struck the tie and broke the fender.
The other attempts have been made
in much the same manner. On Sunday
night two ties" were placed crosswise
over one rail, the ends being buried in
holes dug for that purpose.
Baling wire had been used to tie them
so that they could not be knocked
from position when struck by a car.
apd near the place the bolts holding a
fishplate had been tampered with, the
object evidently being to cause the
track to spread as the train passed over
it. In the third instance several ties
had been piled on the track, but were
not fastened to it.
Electric trains which traverse this
line are rarely heavily loaded, and
whether the motive of the criminate
who have attempted to wreck them be
robbery or revenge is a matter of con
jecture. The work of double tracking
the lines In that part of the system is
now in progress and ties are scattered
all along the road. The track Is now
being carefully guarded.
•i 4.
FALLING WALLS
KILL FIREMEN
Men Are Bnried Under De
bris That Crashes Through a
Koof at a Fire in Knoxville
KXOXVIL.LE,, Tenn., Feb. 2. — Fire
in the heart of the wholesale district
to-night caused a loss of $400,000 and
the lives of two firemen. The dead:
WILLIAM A. MAXEY. captain of
Hose Wagon Company No. 2.
JOHN J. DUNN, an ex-fireman who
was assisting at the fire.
The fire started in the six-story
Phoenix building, on Gay street, be
tween Wall and Union avenues, and
the wholesale hat and millinery house
of Murphy & Robinson. The fire
spread both north and south into the
store of Cullen & Newman, wholesale
notions; M. L. Ross & Co.; Cullen
& Shields, wholesale glassware and
machinery house. The walls of the
Phoenix building crumbled and
crashed through the roof of the Ross
building on the firemen,
*_ +
PRELATES MUST
NOT CRITICIZE
PARIS, Feb. 2.— Premier Combes an
nounced at a meeting of the Council of
Ministers to-day his intention of taking
drastic measures against certain pre
lates for addressing open letters to
President Loubet criticising the pro
posed law for the further restriction
of teaching by members of the religious
bodies.
Although no names were mentioned
It is well understood that the prelates
referred to are Cardinal Richard. Arch
bishop of Paris; Cardinal Lanfenieux.
Archbishop of Rheims. and Cardinal
Couille, Archbishop of Lyons, as they
recently addressed letters of protest
and criticism to M. Loubet.
Combos also informed hl3 colleagues
of his intention to refer the letters to
the Council of State, and made known
the fact that the Minister of Justice
had been charged with ths preparation
of a law making the criminal code ap
plicable to prelates who publicly pro
test against or criticize the acts of taa
Government.2
" - DR. ULMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. • •
To Prove What SWAMP=R00T Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of
The Call May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
Convincing Statements From People Cured by This Wonderful
Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy.
. ' - ■_■ ._n NOV. 26, 1903. 286 Classon ave., Brooklyn. N. T. , ■ ■ / .. ■-'
~ r "~ i "~^""~ . u x . Mailers' Union, No. 6 fl|t#ftK '.<' >>\ - > v
Dr. Kilmer fz Co., Dlnghamton, N. Y. ■ ll§ifltt^ : #V^ ' '■•■ ' •'--£&'"•' '■'"• '■'--■'■■%
When I began taking Swamp-Root I was very ill and had a severe pain ■^^ t «^^.~i^< <^-r^?ii K§!i% 1 ->£^&-v^> ' '-"' 2^^ - ''■■'■■'■ ■■'■'■ t A. / fl
In my bark. S^amp-Root was recommended to me. Two bottles relieved r " \ ■ ' -," ' '-/ \,-;*.^ ,,.'';» <] >S^'^^1^^T^^^^^^^^^^" : v'^ // J-^t I Nr & • *
the pain, ur. 1 three bottles cured me and made me stronsr and well again. - '.><-." ; ', l£j. , t '^IS^ 6y7j / {L^Cs£*£ / 1^
Member Journeymen Blacksmith's Union. - «$£,'"'.. ' V '• *'^*< ' t ''■*''■*' idllE 0 ''*!* Assistant Foreman Nassau News
tie cured a pain in my kidneys which f '■ ' ' -.*> f-^ $ft< &^* % *fiw$$$ SSL'-.'" ' '"'*£ '*^^»filOT Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. T.:
caused m? no little suffering -I now {...-.. tgfg8$g&^\'; '. \:Y<>t ? \ \lll •,;' *■%&> : fjffimm "* * When I was taken ill a few months
?-,: re much better that It gives me - X?S£^ rfV *^Su * - ' ' "> *W-' r J&&**: ' T^^M a P o I tried several medicines, includ-
SSfl^of's^m-S-BSoi which 1° on! [ S* .- ' - •' -V 5 Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. T. in, a prescription given me by a P hy-
S ;b r.on Sjfdkdw : fv- ' ft >' " '^ J^I&M^* '-« ' J&H8&*§& Gentlemen: When suffering from s^cian but none did me any good.
:^; ™ bl i5de r nTedicine ? f'-fe* ' '"k**»i*$£V'M-f* L - ' ' JBSsMS&si kidnf> y trouble l was to try One day I read in a paper of the
Uvei and u ' medicine. fc ... ; ; : :;-:i^MSg^f^^lk*:^M «- 'a bottle of Swamp-Root. Two bottles merits of-; Swamp-Root., and bought
<^>. / , , /. : ■ " i'^|^'' > fte^ 4§gffi$^^\^W^^»l^ : rplieved meof KrMt rain in the back, a bottle One bottle dirt me so
Member of Carpenter's Union of A claimed for it.
: :<: '^^i[^-'-SH Z^ZpWhy Swamp°Root Gives Strength
.•.•..■• .-■■ .-..■■: -'•^^^^^^r^^^^^^m ■ Almost every one, frcm personal experience, knows when through neglect or other causes kidney trouble Is
J : ' : V\ ; :^^^^^*^.^^^^^^ «^^^^^^^^^^^^^^---^fM^ that the effects of any kind of severe physical strain are permitted to continue,- fatal results are sure to follow,
t ''hy >' : "vl^fci^ : 'i-i : -' ** j "~-*~ i *~**~"*" felt, first cf all, in the small of the back — in other words, _ • _
'^ii»?^^-^P^I ' Dr ku er & Co Bin hamto n y in those Vital Or g ans ' the Kldne y s ' This is as true in Swam P- Root Strengthens the K.dneys. and
1 '*'''-* 1^'*'-^^^^^^^ f'wis^to^ry " a few the case of the very powerful man as it is with one cf through them helps all the other organs. When this
fc'S^i4 : >i^V^£*? t^^^J^^'l words about Swamp-Root, it has less strength, and it is especially true whenever the kid- Wonderful Discovery can put the human body into con-
»i'«3»aS > $BSWJV*^*$%WvPSmMi&*igi done me a great dead of good, and wp-V- , .
' w^^^^^^Pv^^^^^^^^l gave me Btren s th and made me wel1 dition to stand hard work and tremendous strain it is easy to
again The pain I had in my back Weak anc } unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more understand how it has cured thousands in the more ordi-
1 :^.<C^:V : v^i^N5^^5^P^S bie.' Two bottles of Swamp-Root did sickness and suffering than any other disease; therefore, nary and less strenuous walks ot life.
g6fj^jg'y*^^^ro^^AS^ ;^^»j-^^^^ ' me so rnuch pond that I did not fin- '
— ~» ish the third bottle. , Swamp-Root is pleasant to take, and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
$r. Kilmer & Co., ; • mended by physicians in their private practice, and is taken by doctors themselves
Binghamton, *N. Y. because they recognize in Swamp- Root. the greatest and most successful remedy that
Gentlemen — I had / < * /t^ v -^ /^2"^/^ sc ' ence ever been able to discover or compound.
been annoyed with n 0 No matter how many doctors you have tried, no matter how much money you
kidney and bladder ; *yf may have spent on other medicines, you really owe it to yourself and to your family to
troubles for several / a^ j eaS |- gj ve Swamp-Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had almost
years. About three Mailers- union no. e. given up hope of ever becoming well again,
months ago I tried s y r & ______.. •
your Swamp-Root and „. Gates ave BrwMrn^' Y ■■ '^. - j r+ i_ nn •«
shn/^whf 11 i used -,„„ & c, . B ,n g ?Si^ y o3 T ; Sample Bottle Will Be Sent hree by mail.
Short While. I Used t use d Swamp-Root for distressing T M *AA~r c^ • i
three bottles and am j^SHM STJ^S'^SSt | &
entirely Cured. .£. "^S"^.^^"! lo^tt^cu'el' l£J?*g Snbe' in itThe^esfaS/most succssful. remedy that has ever been d,s-
Financial Secretary Brotherhood of P ■ • fo. a sample oottie. in J^"""* . l " "U jj""i ,, T ,;.; ff ° is guaranteed. Don't make any mistake, but re-
Painters. Pap^rhangers and Decora- : ; > V generous offer, in the San Francisco gf^^"-^" 5^ 0 " 6 / ltd the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on every bot-
tors of America, Local 1035, Richmond Hatters' Union of North America, | member the name Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer s Swamp-Root ana tne au
HUl. L. L Local No. 7. tie. For sale at all drug stores— Fifty Cents and One Dollar. -
WILLIAM C. WHITNEY
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
don, ar.<J it Is believed she is now on
hT way home.
The board of governors of the Demo
cratic Club, of which Mr. Whitney was
a member, postponed an entertainment
the club was to have had to-night.
3I1L CLEVEIJkXD'S TRIBUTE.
Former President Deeply Shocked by
the Death of His Friend.
PRINCETON. N. J., Feb. 2.— Grover
Cleveland was deeply moved when he
learned of Mr. Whitney's death. To a
press representative he said:
"The news of Mr. Whitney's death
has greatly shocked me. As I think of
him my mind, passing beyond recent
years, dwells upon the day of my asso
ciation with him In high official duty,
and recalls the tfme when I had' the
opportunity to enjoy his unreserved in
timacy and friendly companionship.
Our relations have never changed, but
the exigencies of life have forbidden
recent close intercourse, j ...
"Mr. Whitney had more calm, force
ful efficiency than any man I ever
knew. In work that interested him he
actually seemed to court difficulties and
to find pleasure and exhilaration in
overcoming them. His conquest over
the obstacles he encountered in under
taking to build up our navy afforded
him. greater delight than the contem
plation of the great results he achieved
in his "department of the Government.
His judgment was quick, clear and as
tonishingly accurate; and when it was
called into action his mental poise was
so complete that neither passion or ir
ritation could lead him astray. ■
"While I remember all this with ad
miration and affection, 1 recall with
more tender sentiment Mr. Whitney's
devotion to his friends, his extreme
consideration for all with whom he
came in contact, his thoughtfulness for
the ease and comfort of others and his
ready impulse to help those who need
ed help. I mourn the death of -a friend
of whom it can be truthfully said that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, lOQj.
in his character were combined mental
traits of a high order and loving quali
ties of heart that grappled him to his
friends with hooks of steeL"
WHITNEY'S NOTABLE CAREER.
After Founding the New Navy He De
clined All Political Honors.
William Collins Whitney, member of
President Cleveland's first Cabinet, and
the father of "the new navy," was born
July 5, 1841, in the quaint little town of
Conway, Mass. He was of good descent
on both sides of his house. Starting
from John Whitney, who came to New
England in 1635, he could number
among his ancestors many who were
famed for prowess in the earlier war
times and especially his revolutionary
grandfather. General Josiah Whitney,
born in 1713— <:ied 1806— who fought with
the British and Colonial troops at
Crown Point in 1774 and yet was one
of the first to take up arms for, the
colonies in 1776. He went into the war
In a modest capacity and came out. at
the end as a brigadier general ■ (1783).
All along down Mr. Whitney's ancestors
in the male line were men of prom
inence in the community and* State in
which they lived. On his mother's side
his ancestry went back to William
Bradford, Governor of Plymouth Col
ony.
After a course in the schools of his
vicinity young Whitney wei.t through
Willeston Seminary. East Hampton.
Mass.. and then entered Yale College,
from which he was graduated in June.
1863. He then spent two years at and
graduated from the Dane Law School,
Harvard, in 1865. Soon after his grad
uation he began the prrr ~e of laf.- in
New York City, the Mecca and the
grave- of many a young aspirant for
honor3 in his chosen profession.
He soon made his mark at the bar
and attracted attention outside his pro
fession. In 1871 he was active in or
ganizing a Young Men's Democratic
Club in. New York, and after filling sev
eral other offices was appointed Cor
poration Counsel in 1875, and. by. re
forms within and without his office did
much for the current and future wel
fare of the city that had so honored
him: He took an active part in the
campaign that elected Samuel J. Tilden
Governor of New York in 1874. •
- In 1882 he resigned his office in order
to devote his attention to his private
business, which was large and remun
erativei ,
Already cognizant of his merit and
efficiency, in March, 1885, President
Cleveland offered to Mr. Whitney the
naval portfolio, which was accepted.
In his first report to Congrt ss he pre
sented a plan for the reorganization of
the Navy Department, for which, after
being put in action, it was claimed
that' "for the first time In the history
of the navy it has been. possible to pre
pare complete statements by classes,
of receipts and expenditures, of sup
plies throughout the entire service and
of the total valuation of supplies on
hand for issue at all shore stations."
Proceeding to the' construction of the
"new navy." with which his name
should always be identified, he aimed at
putting the United States again in the
posit.on which it once enjoyed as a
naval p.wer and above everything else
making it independent of the rest oi
the world for aupplies in case of ..var.
To him was due the good condition of
the United States -navy shown during
the Lpanish- American War. When he
went into office he found that neither
armor nor forglngs for high power
guns nor rapid-fire, guns could be pro
duce Z oh this side of the Atlantic. He
insisted on American product and when
he went out of office we were getting
from American workshops the best ar
mor and guns that were 'made in the
worl.1.
;. When he retired from office, in 1SS9
the nucleus. of the new navy.including,
among other .powerfully efficient ves
sels, the beautiful and serviceable
KIRBY LUMBER
COMPANY FAILS
Big Corporation and the
Houston Oil Company Go
Into Hands of Keceivers
ASSETS ABOVE LIABILITIES
Bun Is Started on Planters'
and 3Ierchants' Bank, but De
positors Are Beadily Paid
HOUSTON, Tex., Feb. 2.— B. F. Bon
ner, the personal representative of John
K. Kirby. and N. W. McLeod of St.
Louis, have been appointed temporary
receivers of the Kirby Lumber Com
pany, one of the largest corporations
of the kind In the Southwest. F. A.
Reichardt, cashier of the Planters' and
Mechanics' National Bank of this city,
of which Kirby is president, and Thom
as H. Franklin of San Antonio have
been appointed temporary receivers of
the Houston Oil Company. A small
run was started on the Planters' and
Merchants* National Bank. All depos
itors who demanded their money were
paid.
The Kirby Lumber Company Is cap
italized at $10,000,000, of which $5,000,000
is preferred stock and J5.000.000 common
stock. . ,
Of the Houston Oil Company's $30,
000.000 capital stock $10,000,000 is pre
ferred stock and $20,000,000 common
stock.
The property of the Kirby Lumber
Company consists of eighteen lumber
mills and mercantile stores, all in
Texas; 142 miles of rallrqad, 700 cars,
55 locomotives, 240,000 acres of pine
land, logging outfits, tie and piling out
fits. This company's inventory shows
$1,000,000 worth of lumber on hand. Its
assets are claimed to be $12,500,000 in
excess of liabilities.
The Houston Oil Company owns a
million acres of pine land, valued by
experts at $30,000,000, and oil property
of enormous \'alue.
FATAIi EXDIXG OF
A SHOOTING AFFRAY
Prominent Louisville Attorney Dies
From Wounds Inflicted as Result
of Domestic Trouble.
' LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 2. — James
K. Shrader, a prominent young law
yer, who had just completed a term
as assistant commonwealth's attorney,
died to-day at a hospital from the ef
fects of a bullet wound inflicted ' by
W. K. Neal of Owensboro, Ky. The
trouble arose, it is said, over a sus
picion that Neal entertained as
to Shrader's relations with Mrs. Neal.
Neal was arrested.
The shootins occurred in the cafe
of the Capitol Hotel, where Neal
found Shrader talking to the bar
tender. Neal. it is said, without
speaking a word to Shrader, drew a
revolver and or>ened fire. Shrader
started to run. The third shot pierced
him through the body.
Neal's father is a wealthy farmer
and once was a State Senator.
LIBERAL COLONIST
RATES TO CALIFORNIA
Santa Fe Announces a Low Schedule
From Chicago and Missouri
\ River Points. .
TOPEKA. Kans.. Feb. 2. — W. J.
Black, general passenger agent of the
Santa Fe, to-day announced a cheap
colonist rate during March and April
to California. The one way rate from
Chicago and St. Louis is $33. From
Missouri River points, Kansas, Okla
homa and Colorado, a fare of $25 is
granted. Liberal stop-off privileges
iri California will be given.
cruiser San Francisco, was afloat and
ready for work.
It Is worthy of note that on his re
tirement from office one of Mr. Whit
ney's politi-al opponents. Senator
Plumb of Kansas, said in a speech to
'the Senate: "I am glad to say in the
closing hours of Mr. Whitney's admin
istration that the affairs' of his depart
ment have 'been well administered.
They have been well administered not
only in the sense that everything has
been honestly and faithfully done, but
we have got the keen competition of
Ameri-an manufactories and the in
ventive genius of all our people, so that
we may not only expect the best re
sults, but great improvement each
year. And the result is such that I
am prepared to say that in ten years
we shall have the best navy in the
world."
After his retirement from office in
1890 Whitney took an- active part in
national politics, especially contribut
■ ing to the re-election of his former
thief, Mr. Cleveland, in 1892. but for
himself resolutely declined all political
preferment.
In later years he was out of public
life, except that he became interested
in such international sporting events
as yachting and horse racing. 'which
more or less kept his name before the
public.
Mr. Whitney belonged to all the
leading clubs in New York City and to
some in other parts of the country.
He was also a member of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren and a. trustee of the Peabody
Museum of Yale. He was besides, di
rector in many of the larger corpora
tions of New York City:
In 1869 Mr. Whitney was married to
Miss Flora Payne, daughter of Henry
B. Payne. United States Senator from
Ohio. Of this union were born Harry
Payne Whitney, who was married in
1896 to Gertrude, daughter of Cor
nelius Vanderbilt; Pauline, who was
married in 1895 to Almeric Hugh
Paget, descended from a long line of
English peers; Payne Whitney and
Dorothy Whitney.
In 1892 Whitney contracted a sec
ond matrimonial alliance with Miss
Elite S. Randolph of East Court, Wilt
shire, England, who soon after died
of injuries received from falling from
her horse in the hunting field.
Mr. Whitney's city residence was
871 Upper Fifth avenue, New York,
and his country home, October'Moun
tain, near Lenox, Mass.
To Cure a Cold in One Day. '
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money It It fails to cure.
B. W. Grove's slgcatura la on each box. SSe. •
PEABODY ENDS
MARTIAL LAW
Colorado's Governor Begards
Crisis as Passed in the Coal
Districts of Teller County
PEACE BEING BESTOBED
Prisoners Confined in the
"Bullpen" Are Delivered Over
to the Civil Authorities
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Feb. 2. —
Governor Peabody to-day revoked his
order of December 5 last declaring
Teller County to be In a state of in
surrection and rebellion and proclaim
ing martial law. By executive au
thority Military Commander Verdeck
berg issued a military proclamation
announcing 1 that "peace and good or
der are being fully restored, and it
has been shown the civil authorities
are able and willing to control the
situation, to perform their legal,func
tions and to enforce the laws."
It is announced that a detachment
of the National Guard will remain
here for a time, but "will act in sup
port of and in subordination to the
legally constituted civil authorities."
All the prisoners in the bullpen
were delivered to the civil authori
ties to-day. John M. Glover, former
Congressman from Missouri, was ar
raigned before Judge Robert Lewis in
the District Court on a charge of hav
ing attempted to kill Sergeants Ditte
more and Smith on December 29 last
He pleaded not guilty and was re
leased under a J600 bond. •
Sherman Parker, leader of the "West
ern Federation of Miners, who has
been repeatedly rearrested by the mil
itary after furnishing bonds on the
various charges filed against him, was
released by the court on bonds for
$19,000. , . . .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Washington Departments Appoint
Postmasters and Is*.uc Patents
in Western States.
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 2. — Fourth
class postmasters appointed: Califor
nia — L. F. Mounts. Manton, Tehama
County, vice Henry, E. Benner, re
moved; William R. Murry, Raymond.
Madera County, vice Archibald C.
Shaw, resigned. " . •
Army orders — Captain Louis R.
Burgess, artillery, assigned to staff
duty with commanding officer of artil
lery, district of San Francisco.
The following patents were Issued
to-day:
California — Eugene J. Bates. Bakersn#H.
pipe wrench; Jacob S. Brown. Loa Angeles
(assignor to "W. H. Clark. Full*tton), tool
dresser; Job E. Ertcson,. San Francisco, auto
matic flushing tank; Albert J. Fanner (as
signor to Carmera' Machine Company). Baa
Francisco, c trrtacal washer for flsh-dre«s
ir.g machines; V orgus Ferguson. Santa Rosa,
drawers-suppcrtlng attachmtnt for sus
penders: Thomas •!*. Goth. Saa Krinclsco.
centrifugal pump; Alexander W. Hess and
A. 8. Williams. San Jose, oil burner; James
E. and I. O. Josephs. Ban Francisco, com
bination suspenders and stocking supporters;
Leon P. Lowe. San Francisco, apparatus for
manufacture of gas: Algernon S. McCutchan
(assignor one-half to J. Tule, Oakland*: de
vice for treating tegrumentary tissue: Dosler
H. Mostellar (assignor one-half to J. Ho«ges.
San Francisco), liquid f.u*i burner; Thomas
O'Shauirhnessy. San Jose, sewlns awl; Arthur
M. Parker. Los Aneeles. combined knife
sharpener and can opener; Hugh A. Porteus.
Hemtt. lid or covering for fruit Jars and
analogous vessels: Herman J. Sulzen, Sac
ramento, malt- making machine.
Oregon — Casslua F. Frazee. Portland, com
bined Jointer and raker gauge for saws; Guy
D. Palmer. Powell Valley, Indicator saw
mill works; Franklin B. Van Cleve. Echo,
dumping elevator: George R. Wllehart. assignor
one-half to F. J. 'Wllehart. The Dnlles. valve.
Washington — John S. and G. E. Balllnger.
Olympia. knife: Charles Erickson. Bremerton,
drilling machine: Leroy O. Lander, Lisabeula,
lifting Jack: George Moore. Monro*. legging de
vice; Charles E. Reed. Sunnyside. assignor
one-half to G. W. Hnllowav. Brawler. Cali
fornia, land scraper: Adam W. Severance. Wal
la Wall:*, assignor to Holt Manufacturing Com
pany. Stockton. Cal.. side hill harvester; Wil
liam F. Zwlck. Seattle, safety hair pin.
SEEK DEATH AFTER
, • BEING WEDDED A WEEK
Poison Kills the Bride, and Her Hus-
band Is in n Critical
Condition.
SAGINAW, Mich., Feb. 2.— The
wedding here last week of Corporal
Charles A. Valois of Company H.
Twenty-sixth Kansas Infantry, and
Miss Mabel Sterner had a tragic cli
max to-day, when the young couple
took poison in a rooming-house. Mrs.
Valois is dead and her husband is ir»
a critical condition. The match met
with disapproval by the parents of
the young couple. They left a letter
saying that their parents had turned!
them out and they had no place to go
and decided to die together. .
Five- Year-Old Boy Runs Away.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 2. — Louis Bran
son, aged 5 years, who ran away from
his home in Watsonville, was turned
over to-day to Rev. J. R. Knodell. the
probation officer. The boy claims that
he left home owing to ill-treatment.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
«... ,. ..,.,-- ......
' ■. • ■ ■ ■
Dyspepsia
Don't think you can cure your dyspepsia
In any other way than by strengthening
and toning your stomach.
That is weak and incapable of performing
its functions, probably because you have
imposed upon it in one way or another over
and over again.
Ton should take
Hood's SarsapariUa
It strengthens and tones the stomach,
and permanently curea dyspepsia and all
stomach troubles. Accect no substitute.
fc /PATENTS? . j
Schools and Colleges.
• ttjf ■ 1 ■ B3i3 n owl
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
WEST. S* Pout «t.. Saa FrancUco. Cat
Est*btl«h*d 40 years. Open cnttr* ye«r.
Wrlto for Illustrated catatosu* Unti.VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON CLEARS FOR ACTION;
RUSSIA HURRIES TROOPS TO KOREAN FRONTIER
CT. PETERSBURG, Feb. 2.— A dispatch from Vladivostok, dated to>day and issued here by a semiofficial agency,
says the Russian squadron at Vladivostok has been fully equipped for immediate service and prepared for sea. JM
the wood fittings of the ships were removed yesterday. The harbor is being kept open bytice»breakers. The squadron con*
sists of four cruisers— the Gromoboi, of 12,336 tons; the Russia, of 12:130 tons; the Bogatyr, of 6750 tons, and the Rurik,
of 1O,923 tons, and a transport, the Lena.
RALSTON AFTER
IRISH'S PLACE
Former Senator Felton Goes
lo Washington to Help His
Friend Get Xaval Office Job
BARD STICKS TO CUTTER
Gold Democrat Orator Smiles
at the Rumor That He In
tends to Resign Position Soon
Special Pi«*tcb »- Th» Call
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 2. — Upon the pre
&L,motion that the story that John P.
Irish if about to voluntarily retire from
in? ricsitien of Naval Officer at San
Francisco the candidacy of W. C. Rals
ton !<->r that office is being actively
urged by his friends. Senator Ralston,
accompanied by his friend, ex-United
States Senator Felton, arrived here
some days ago from New Orleans and
are at the New TVillard. Felton, since
his arrival, has been laid up with a
Flight attack of grip, but work has
gor.p on in behalf of Ralston. It has
been intimated that Senators Perkins
and Bard might possibly, in view of the
circumstances, effect an agreement
upon the candidacy of Ralston, as it is
understood that their differences in this
r«.-gard is the one thing that would
cause the President to hesitate at mak
ing th<? appointment, especially if the
place was left vacant by the resigna
tion of the Incumbent. Senator Bard
has been the champion of W. M. Cut
ter for the place, while Senator Perkins
has nominated Ralston. The question
bring directly put to Senator Bard
to-night he replied that he had placed
Cutter in nomination before any man
had been named for the place since the
withdrawal of the name of Wood of
Stockton and that he saw no reason for
row substituting another name.
As for the story of voluntarily resign
ing. John P. Irish, who is still here, only
smiles when it is mentioned and says
:t is an old, eld tale that has made a
< ■«? rtain circuit In newspapers period
ically and that he gives it no counte
ra nee.
Th:? is as near a definite statement
v lib regard to any intention to' retire
that he may or may not have as he can
bo induced to make.
An amendment was secured to the
urgent deficiency bill to-day providing
an additional appropriation for a Fed
eral building- at Los Angeles in the sum
of $19,600. being the amount in which
the original appropriation of $175,000
fell short according to the award of
the jury in condemnation proceedings
fnr the purchase of the site.
Governor Otero's Cousin Dies.
ALBUQUERQUE. New Hex.. Feb. 2
M. S. Otcro, probably the -wealthiest
man in New Mexico, Delegate in Con
press from ISTSto 18SS, and one of
the leading business men of the Ter
ritory, is dead at his home here of
apoplexy. He was a cousin of M. O.
Otero, at present Governor of New
Mexico. A widow and five children
survive him.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Blight's Disease and
Diabetes.
Q AN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1. 1904.— J. M.
Pickett is the photographer at Hollls-
*er. He has given ui the following
statement:
"I Fuffernl for eieht years the coming
March with Bright'* Disease. Thyslclans both
Jv-rr and In San Francisco told me that It was
Hricht's Diseaie and that it was Incurable. I
f-ommenced takinc Pulton's Renal Compound
l*rt October. But even in the short time I
have usf-4 It it has made a wonderful change
in me. I used to get very weak and tired, but
<»n now walk all day end the doctor tells me
there is no rr.ore albumen.
•■J. M. riCKtrrr. HolUster. Ca!."
Some months ago James Eagrur wrote
from the National Military Home at
Fort Lcavenworth, Kan., that he was a
victim of Diabetes, and that although
hie physician /believed the disease to be
Jx-jrfind the reach of medicine yet that
he wanted to g*> on Fulton's Diabetic
Compound. He began to set the usual
favorable results almost from the start,
and last week we received a letter from'
him. from which we quote the following:
"I am greatly improved. I send you Inclosed
v .-m rrv doctor found from an examination
Juft made (Jan. £lst):
"Spoc. grav. — IC22.
'"'"o!cr — dark straw. .'.r
' " ru-actlon — acid.
"Sucar — none.
"Albumen — none.
"Odor— none."
BriKht's Disease and Diabetes are now
rurable diseases. We are publishing re-
pucta of new recoveries every week. Re-
'■overiea in cases on the Fulton Com-
pounds jicarly 90 per cent. Recoveries
under all other treatments — none. Send
for literature and list of agencies to the
Jno. J. 'Fulton Co.. 403 Washington St..
San Francisco. At all first-class drug-
gists' in this city and in one leading
fctore in all coast cities and throughout
the U-tiited States. Don't let prejudice
prrvent you saving your life.
With Schilling's Best, there
is no temptation to be dis-
honest
Your grocer's; money back.
RENDEZVOUS OF RUSSIA'S NORTHERN SQUADRON. WHICH HAS BEEN PREPARED FOR SEA. AND. SCENE
, IN THE HARBOR WHILE ICE-BREAKER IS AT WORK CLEARING A WAY FOR THE PASSAGE OF THE
WARSHIPS.
Russian Army Is Moving Forward to the Yalu and
Japan Mobilizes Her Naval Reserves.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Co.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 2.— Russia's
reply to Japan will not be sent until
Friday next, or Thursday at the very
earliest. On no day has the situation
been generally accepted as so grave as
to-day. A highly placed official this
afternoon admitted that this was the
case, saying that the Japanese seemed
to have made up their minds that It
would be more advantageous for them
to fight now than later.
Publication of news of the calling out
of the reserves in the eastern provinces
and of reinforcements being hastily,
sent to Vladivostok and Port Arthur
caused hopes of peace to sink. If any
thing more were needed it came from
Port Arthur in the form of a telegram
published In the papers here, saying
that the transports' troops are moving
to Yalu. This is interpreted in official
circles as meaning war.
As a final touch came news of the
mobilization of the Japanese naval re
serves: The Bourse and business men
took the view that the situation was
bad.
"Russia cannot climb down," said a
general as a final word last evening.
"I don't see the remotest possibility of
war being avoided. At best it can only
be postponed for a short time."
It was sa'.d to-day by one who has
considerable knowledse of what is go
ing on behind the scenes that the mat
ter of the Russian ships leaving the
Black Sea had once more been vigor
ously taken up and that the Sultan
had been constrained to give his con
sent.
I also heard a mysterious statement
that it had been arranged that war
should be finally brought about by a
well and previously, arranged move
ment made by Admiral Alexieff, which
would forthwith give Russia the domi
nating strategic position.
JAPAN READY FOR WAR.
Commercial Freighters Are Chartered
and Turned Into Cruisers.
VICTORIA. B. C, Feb. 2.— Advices
from Tokio, dated January 22, and re
ceived this morning by the Empres3 of
China, Bay Japanese preparations for
war were bolng pushed to the utmost
and it was credibly rumored that if the
Russian reply proved finally unaccept
able Japan would immediately -throw
30,000 troops into Korea to safeguard
her interests there. Some twenty com
mercial freighters were known to have
been chartered by the Government,
those of the Toyo Kisen Kalsha having
been converted into fast cruisers, as
have also some of the Nippon Yusen
Kaisha boats, including the Nlkko. The
second reserves of the Kokura division
were called out. Various military ap
pointments were made, including that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1904.
of Major General Ijichi to be military
attache to the Seoul legation.
The provisioning of the fleet and pur
chase of supplies for the naval and mil
itary personnel were completed, some
American firms securing profitable or
ders. Tenders for the supply of an
enormous quantity of food and pro
visions were invited in the Manila pa
pers and it was inferred that Manila
might be made a supplementary base
of supplies In the eyent of hostilities,
as British ports, such as Hongkong,
etc., would- be too closely watched to
be available.
One notable feature of the lull had
been the Increased friendliness shown
toward the United States by the whole
Japanese people. <ThIs was manifested
by the attention showered on leading
representatives. United States Minister
Lloyd C. Griscom, who Has won great
credit among his colleagues for his
quiet, non-committal bearing through
out the crisis, of course, has not figured
in any demonstration personally, but
a military attache of the legation was
one of the special guests of honor at
a banquet given on the '14th ultimo at
Tokio by representatives of the bank
ing and commercial interests in honor
of the special correspondents of the
foreign press. The entertainment
proper comprised a modern masque and
some speeches. Sonoda Kokichi, presi
dent of the Nobles Bank, made an elo
quent speech, indicating Japan's re
solve and readiness to act and the in
spiration afforded by the moral support
of the United States. Lieutenant Trow
bridge. United States military attache,
then spoke and his remarks were
warmly applauded.
The Empress of China brought specie
valued at 4,000.000 yen and landed it at
Victoria. While nothing definite could
be found to account for such an Im
mense sum being sent the general im
pression'is that it is to, purchase war
supplies in British Columbia.
The press censorship In Japan has
been somewhat relieved and this tends
to show an easier feeling in Govern
ment circles.
MAY SEND AN ULTIMATUM.
Japan to Make Final Move Before
Declaring: Hostilities.
TOKIO, Feb. 2.— The Russian note is
still undelivered and the Government
and people of Japan do not possess
any definite information concerning the
time of its arrival of its contents. Rus
sia's delay, coupled with the announce
ment of continued movement of rein
forcements into Manchuria, increases
the strain of the tension, while It di
minishes the already slim prospects for
peace. The Government has been urged
to dispatch a peremptory note to 'St.
Petersburg, threatening to declare war
if refused immediate satisfaction in the
way c-f a reply to its previous note; but
still the Government is patiently wait
ing, although it: is manifest if the de,
lay be much prolonged it will act en
ergetically.
Events will move rapidly when the
note is finally, received, if it is mate
rially unsatisfactory and the prospect
for additional negotiation is slight, al
though Japan may dispatch an ulti
matum before striking. The Japanese
show' a remarkable outward calm and
no scenes similar to those in America
and England before recent wars are
witnessed. There aer occasional dem
onstrations and oujcroppings of pop
ular feeling, but the casual visitor to
the larger cities can see but little out
of the ordinary in the disposition and
behavior of the people. There is, how
ever, an undercurrent of desperate de
termination runningthe nation's length
and breadth. The people have counted
the cost and made final preparations,
so- that if forced to fight they are ca
pable of waging and sustaining war in
a manner that will surprise the world.
PLACING ONUS UPON JAPAN.
French Press Busy Creating: Sympa
thy for Muscovite Ally.
PARIS, Feb. 2.— The Havas Agency
has circulated a dispatch to the effect
that Russia's reply to Japan, the sub
stance of which* has been communicat
ed to the foreign chancellories every
where, has created an impression that
war will be averted. The concessions
go beyond general expectation and il
lustrate the sentiments of equity and
loyalty actuating the Czar.
,*'If, in spite of the very large satis
faction Japan will receive," continues
the dispatch, "the issue of the crisis
should be war, Japan will incur the
whole responsibility and find herself
morally isolated." .
. The reply, the Havas Agency says,
only awaits its final drafting and will
be presented on February 5.
The French Foreign Office authorized
a denial of the report, printed in New
York and emanating from Paris, to the
effect that the French and British Gov
ernments had' agreed to" exert pressure
upon Japan for the acceptance of the
coming Russian reply.
.Motono, the Japanese Minister, in
the course of an' interview published in
the Temps to-day, is quoted as saying:
; "They know nothing in' Tokio con
cerning the contents of the Russian
answer, and Baron Koraura, the Ja
panese Foreign Minister, will know its
contents only ■ wheji he has the reply
1 tsel f before h irn. ' For the present \ we
are in a state of expectancy . and un
certainty. ' It is said that the Russian
EXTENDS RIGHTS
TO PORTO RICO
By Special Kesolution Commis
sioner Degetau Is Granted
Privileges of a Delegate
MINORITY FAVORS ACTION
Legislation Is Now Pending
in House Providing Repre
sentation for the Island
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— By unani
mously agreeing to* a resolution amend
ing the rules of the House to-day the
resident Commissioner to Congress
from Porto Rico was. given additional
authority equal in all essential respects
to that of a delegate from a Territory,
the action not requiring the concur
rence of the Senate. . ,
A bill which provided for a "delegate
from Porto Rico" passed the House
during the last Congress, but was
amended by the Senate to such an ex
tent that it failed. A bill duplicating
the action of the House at the last
session is 7 now pending, but meanwhile
Porto Rico will receive under the ac
tion taken to-day practically all of
the benefits extended in the measure.
A lively parliamentary debate pre
ceded the adoption of the resolution,
which was reported from the Commit
tee on Rules as a privileged matter.
The minority members of the commit
tee wished to set a date in th« resolu
tions for the consideration of the bill
in question, and to extend in the mean?
time all the privileges of a "delegate"
to Degetau, the resident Commissioner.
Failing in this, the minority members,
after criticizing the majority, and also
the Senate for Its action of the last
session, supported the resolution.
note has a most conciliatory tone. I
heartily hope this is so."
CZAR PASSING UPON REPIA'.
May Require Several Days for Its Full
Consideration.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 2.— The
Czar now has before him. the report of
the special council on the Russian" re
sponse. All of the papers' relating
thereto were submitted to him yester
day by the Grand Duke Alexis and the
Czar is giving them earnest considera
tion. He "had not rendered his decision
up to 6 o'clock this evening, and it is
authoritatively said that it ' may be
several days before the response is for
warded to Tokio.
Prices on the Bourse are again weak,
4 per cents falling a point. I'.
Prince,, Khilkoff, the Minister of Com
munications, started to-day on a tour
of inspection" of the Siberian and
Trans-Baikal Railway.
The announcement of the Russian
mobilization precedes ihe Russian re
sponse as a warning to Japan, says the
Bourse Gazette to-day.
Must; Retain His Office.
PEKING. Feb. 2.— An imperial edict
issued to-day refuses to grant the re
quest made by Yuan Shf Kai for per
mission to resign his position on the
Army Board and 'orders him to o con
tinue his efforts to increase the effi
ciency of the army, with the o co-opera
tion of Prince Ching.
POPE PIUS MAY GIVE
BRAZIL A "CARDINAL
Pontiff 3Iny Increase Representa
tion by Promoting Archbishop of
Rio de Janeiro.
ROME, Feb. 2,— It seems more and
more likely th°at the Pope will meet
the wishes of the Brazilian Govern
ment by creating the Archbishop of
Rio de Janeiro a Cardinal, the^ Pontiff
remarking in this^ connection that
Brazil contains over 15,000,000 Catho
lics.
It is further asserted that Emperor
William of* Germany has also' ex
pressed a desire to have another Ger
man Cardinal, as Germany now^ has
only two, Cardinals Fischer and Kopp,
while -the empire contains 20, 000,000
Catholics, or 2,000,000 more than
Spain, which has five Cardinals.
PRINCESS IS ACQUITTED
OX FRAUD CHARGE
Attorney for Prosecution Finds Little
'Evidence 7 to Support the
Accusation.
BERLIN, Feb. 2. — The Princess
Alexandra of Isenberg -' Budin
gen, whose trial on the charge of
fraud' and breach of faith toward
numerous firms with whom she con
tracted debts recklessly without hav
ing the ability to pay, began yester
day at Frankfort-on-the-Main, was ac
quitted to-day upon a motion of the
State's Attorney, who said the evi
dence of. fraud was not sufficient to
convict her.
HEBREW IMMIGRATION *
FROM RUSSIA INCREASES
Three Hundred ■ Families, Among
Them Householders and Artisans,
Are Coming to America.
' ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 2. — A dis
patch, from Gomet, government of
Moghilev, says: "Jewish immigra
tion to America steadily increasing.
Artisans as ,well as wealthy house
holders, are, leaving. Three hundred
families have just departed."
WASHINGTON*. Feb. '1.— The Senate to-day
confirmed John Fowler of Massachusetts as
Consul 'General at Chefu, China.
APVERTIa n nujj* xa. .
1 A Guarantee With Every Garment]
The wearing of a suit depends principally upon
.the material There are two ways to test cloth. The
best way is to wear it. . The next is a chemical test by
experts. You make one test and we make the other.
If our test has been faulty your test will reveal it. If
you find that the tests disagree we will make you
another suit at no extra cost. If the tests agree you
get a good-wearing, durable suit that will please you
Make it a point to come in to-day and see what a
splendid line of goods we have from §10 to $35.
Remember: Your money's worth or your money
back is our motto and your protection.
Suits satisfactorily made for out-of-toivn customers through
our self-measuring system — jv rite for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell & Eddy Streets j
* /v * i ' • I ■ r ■* i '"^ i *
• «»*■ J. : t * •• ▼ * '-"^mAi ytS^mF** ' ' v •'•" - V. \d<£ • .- %.-• - 'ifc
Rojjus Prince Is Sentenced.
TORONTO, Ontario, Feb. 2.—Wil
liam Brown, alias A. E. Stewart, who
as Prince Athrobald Stewart de Mo
dena married the Countess Russell of
London, and who was o arrested here
on charges of vagrancy, was to-day
sentenced to six months in jail. The
charge of theft was' dropped.
Macedonian Insurrection Revived.
VIENNA, Feb. 2. — A dispatch, re
ceived here from Sofia, Bulgaria, says
the chiefs of the Macedonian revolu
tionary organization in the interior
have sent out circulars to the mem
bers of the organization ordering a
renewal of the insurrection.
ADVERTISEMENTS, f
\ loss of their girlish forms
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as thi3
great , liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form . Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful
book, telling all about **^» » «*>
this liniment, will be sent free. BET* m&5jfo JB4& &g
Tie Bnffleid feplattr &. Atititt 6a. B BB&bBSB
West Virginia Bank Closed.
CLARKSBURG. W. Va.. Feb. 2. —
The Traders' National Bank, the lar
gest bank in this city, has been
closed by order of the Comptroller of
the Currency and a national bank ex
aminer has been appointed temporary
receiver. The assets are $1,250,000.
It is believed the bank will resume
business. No statement of its condi
tion has been made. j
Saloon Licenses to Be Limited.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 2k— The City
Council met last night and decided
to limit the number of saloons in this
city to thirty-seven.
34
ESCAPED FELON
IS RECAPTURED
Edward Parker, Who Got Away
While Beinjr Taken io Folsom
Prison, Is Again Behind Bars
CAUGHT IX LOS AXGELES
Jumps From Train in the Te
hachapi Mountains and for
Two >Yeeks . Evades Officers
SlMfial Pispatch to Th« C5»t1
LOS. ANGET.ES. Feb. 2.-Eiw 9# rd o
Parker, who escaped ;from Deputy
Sheriff Cleveland '.n the Tehacht?r<
Mountains two weeks ago White >n
route to Folsnm to serve two >%ars
for prand larceny, was recaptured in
this city to-day in a restaurant wb^ie j
h" was employed ascnok. After dodg-
Snc th<» buUeii? of th** officer, Parker
boarded a jsnuth-bAund ' freight trafn'
on lh*> Teharhar-i loop and. , removi.ig -
the top of an -ernj/ty cil tank- <-ar,
crawled into thp tank. When he reached
Los Angeles he himself for
several days rnd'th^n pV-»r*d.employ
ment, thinking this' would be the last
place the officers would ;.ook for him.
A woman whom he ha£ once offended
saw him on th<* strert and notified the
oflWr*. who searched for him several
days, and to-day they lorat«4l him. He
will be sect north to-morrow*. "
FUGITIVE FROM .1VSTICE°
CAUGHT IX AMAI>OR <XfUP£TY
Duncan Graham, Wanted in Sacra-
mento for .Murder of Louts Iilrch
lrr. Is Under Arrest.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 2. — Sheriff
Roese to-day received a '.message "from"
Sheriff Bosouet of El Dorado County
etating that Duncan »*Scotty") Gra
ham, wanted in this city for the tnwr
d«>r of L<«uis irohler in 1902, o wa*" cap
tured in" the eastern part of Amad£>r
County last night. It was reported sev
eral days p.go that (Ira ham 1 had been
captured by Deputy Sheriff 'Miller and
that he had succeeded in making- |tis
escape. .'..■
SACRAMENTO. Feb. Sheriff
Reese to-night said there was. Farce"
(SoTiht an to whether the man now= C o n
jail at Placerville is really Scotty Gra
ham, murderer of Louis Birchlef of
Sacramento, and that lie would iend
one of his deputies to Plaoerville te
morro\r to identify him if possible./
New Ha 1 1 cf I»ei<ords for Marin.
' S>N RAFAEL, Feb. 2.— Marin Coun
ty in the near future will have a new
Hall of Records. The taxpayers are in
favor of the proposition and the Su
pervisor? are considering plans for the
erertion of an imposing structure coft
iriff $25,000. The Recorder's office is in
the Courthouse, but is utterly inade
quate for the volume of business trans
acted and the vaults are not fireproof.
It is planned to construct a separate
building in the Courthouse yard, the
basement to b<» fitted up for a Jail and
th«* first floor for the use of the Aud'.
tor and Recorder.
firsnl Confession to Stanford Students
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 2.—
rhe board of trustees have granted a
-i-nc»ssion to the students living in
Knclna Hall, the men"w dormitory,
which fills a long-felt need among the
Ercina men. The trustees have de
:ided to allow the electric current to
remain on until midnight instead of
10:30 o'clock, cs heretofore, so that stu
i'.nts wishing to study after 10:30 will
tiave electric lights to read by instead
jf the prohibited kerosene lamps.
Children Are -Accidentally Poisoned.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. 2.— Drs.
Brown and Jamison performed an- au
topsy to-day on the body of the four
year-old son of Joseph Jewell, of this
city and found that death was the re
sult of poison. The child, while play
ing around the neighborhood, found
the poison. Two other children in the
same neighborhood were also poisoned,
but prompt medical attention saved
their lives.
I\vo San Franciscans Are Beneficiaries.
• SAN ANDREAS, Feb. 2.— The will of
the late Charles M. Whltlock was filed
for probate to-day. J. Albert Treat,
Whitlock's clerk, receives 51000 and the
Misses Winnie and Mabel Beale of f5an
Francisco, daughters of Whitlock's old
time friend, each receive $300. The bal
ar.ee of the estate will be divided
among eight nieces and nephews in the
East.
Brings Novel Suit Against Bank.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.— C. W. Quilty. a
prominent local capitalist, to-day
brought cult ag-«--t the Safe Deposit
Bank to compel it to cancel one of
its own certificates of stock calling for
twenty-five shares and to issue to
plaintiff in lieu thereof three new cer
tificates, one of nine shares and two
of eight Ehares each. The suit is some
thing novel in local banking circles.
VABNEE'S BEJOEDIES,
From Kidney Diseases Increasing.
SAFE CURE THE ONLY CURE.
The trouble isn't that kidney disease
cannot be cured, because Safe Cure is a
j^ositivf cure for all diseases of kidneys
liver, bladder and blood, but that it gen-
erally exists in the system for months
before it reaches an advanced stage that
if recognized by the patient as kidnev
trouble.
Backache, rheumatism, stomach trou-
bles, skin affections, swellings, headache
. iuudy urin«*. female weakness, etc., are
sure signs that your kidneys have b«en
diseased for months, and are In critical
shape, utterly unable to do their work
properly. It is
Dangerous to Neglect the Kidneys
Even for one <lay. Brlght's disease, uric
acid, diabetes and blood poison are apt to
develop any minute, and death quickly
follows. You have not a minute to lose;
pet a bottle of Saf«» Cure at any drug-
gist's. 50c and $1.00 a bottle, . Jt is the
only remedy prescribe and recommend-
ed by doctors, because of its absolute pu-
rity and effectiveness.
Be sure you get WARNER'S SAFE
CURE. There are dangerous substitutes
and imitations.
Medicai booklet with testimonials and
doctors' udvice free. Warner Safe Cure
Co., Rochester. X. Y.
RISKS HIS LIFE
TO SAVE CHURCH
Father Cabotia Is Seriously
Burned in Extinguishing Fire
in Edifice at Tia Juana
ALTAR DRAPERIES ABLAZE
Clergyman Is Treated in San
Diego and* Will' Be. Sent
to .His Home in Cincinnati
•SAX DIEG U O, Feb. o 2.— Father. Cabo
tia, the priest at Tia Juana, was hadly
burned while trying to extinguish a
fire in the church at that place this
morHirg.
r»uring mats the altar draperies
"aught fire from the csjidles. Father
Cabotia endeavored to tear thehi down
and quencn the blaze. In so doing his
hands and other parts of his body were
fo badly burned that he was brought
to this city for .treatment. When his
injuries, will' permit -he will be sent to
his old* home |n 0 Cincinnati to recuper
ate. . c • ' . • , .
The little church, being of adobe, did
not. burn, but the i&terior was de
stroyed by' Qie fire.
SENIORS AKK PREPARING
FOR COMMENCEMENT WEEK
I»resId<Snt of Clans Appoints Commit- o
tee to Arrange for the Festivities
at Stanford University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY". Feb. 2.
President E. O G. "Brua of°th«. senior
class has announced the following
committees, who win have charge of
senior week festivities and •commence
ment exercises next May:-
Senior w*«k conirnlttpe- Q -H. M. Lewis, B. C.
Bubb. G*K>rge Cromwell. K. C. Rlttenhouae,
W. R. Hamilton. M. A. cThoma*. F. H. Fow
ler. E. G. nru* <chalrm«n).
■Fin«flc<- cunmlttf* — F. W. Powell, W. E.
Tritcrh.- M. A. Thomas (chairman).
Erosraninw" comnjltt**— Mire K. U. Trapha
gcn. MIcs'U. A. Maulsb>% M. L. Von N'orden,
, It. ■*!>:. Park. B C. B\ihb (chairman).
Fareo commltte« — MI.">p R. K Klmball. Mies
K M. Hale. Mltm I. A. Wright. A. Perrin,
■\V..-H. Thomson. F. H. Fowler (chairman).
Senior ball committee— Mlsn L,. C. Perry.
Miss M M. Bartnuff. U. P. Uaneb*cb. W. O.
North. J s M. Beach. S. L.. Davis; T. B. Hun
ter K. C. Rlttenhouse (chairman).
Pl c «te comnrtuee-rMIss M. S. Burnham. Miss
r. F. Athorton. O. C Spencer. G. C. Jacobs,
H. M. Ijewis (chairman).-.
FVomenaOe oomroitte"e- t :MI*» M. A. Park
hurst Mi*s A.oU 6cott. MiM R. Fowler. Mies
F! I>. fcerr Ml«i M. tii Smith, N. E. Dole.
C H Baker. O. A. WHiwnv W. A. Crossmaft.
A; s' Henley. K. A." ; Jones. [ E. D Lyman, H.
H. H«51. W R. Hamilton (chairman).
Enoina reception committee— Miss K. R. Kipp,
MImi o G. C. O»mn. C. .B. Wlntler. J: S. «wartx.
lander. E>. C. Wiley, GeoYge Cromwell (eha.tr
snap).
■sin addition to these .appointments
O. °.H°. Ritter has beep appointed
class oratory XV, F. Dunn, class his
torian! and R. W. Barrett/ athletic
manager. Ike Russell, editor of t"he
Chaparral, will write the class will.
CliOVFUDAI/TC TO DISPLAY'
PRODUCTS OF HER SOIL
■ • * •
Elaborate Preparations Being," Made
for the Twelfth Annual Citrus Fair,
to Be Held Next Month.
CLOVERDA°LS! Feb. '2— The Twelfth
Annual Citrus Fair, to be held In this
city from February 15 to- 22, inclusive,
will present the most artistic display of
the citrus products of Sonoma County
ever given by the residents of Cl.over
dale. An attractive premium list has
aroused the greatest interest among
those who intend sending exhibits -to
the fair, and the display promises to be
a grand success. •
It is expected that visitors from all
the neighboring counties, as well as
from San Francisco, will take advan
tage of the liberal rates fixed by the
railroads, and that Cloverdale \\ilj, be
crowded during fair week. One fare
for the round trip will be charged be
tween San Francisco and this city, and
special rates v:;Jl also prevail between
intermediate points. There will be am
ple hotel accommodations for the visit
ors and nothing will be left undone to
add to the pleasure and enjoyment of
those who become \he guests of Clover
dale.
MODERATE HOTEL RATES.
St. Louis Assures Democratic Dele
gates of Fair Treatment.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 2.— Pursuant to call
the committee on arrangements for
the Democratic National Convention,
consisting of members of the Demo
cratic National Committee, met to
day in the Southern Hotel here. All
of the members were present except
John R. McLean of Ohio.
A committee from the Easiness
Men's League met with the committee
and explained the preparations that
had been made, especially in regard to
hotel rates. The assurance was given
that there would be no advance in the
rates now in force. Most. of the after
noon was spent in a close personal in
spection of the Coliseum.
Collier Edith Huns Into a Wharf.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 2.— The steam
collier Edith, which arrived from
San Francisco last night, crashed into
the wharf of the Puget Sound Flour
ing Mill during a thick fog and tore
away about thirty feet of the struc
ture. Two holes were made in the hold
of the vessel above the water line on
either side of the bow. The Edith has
gone to the Quartermaster harbor dry
dock for repairs. The damage to the
wharf was about $800. t
Confesses His Guilt on the Scaffold.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 2.-A spe
cial from Calgary says Ernest Cashel
was hanged at 8:06 this morning for
the murder of a ranchman. Cashel
escaped from the mounted police bar
racks after his conviction and remained
in hiding for forty-five days within six
miles of the barracks. He made a pub
lic confession of his crime on the scaf
fold. ' -
Americans Married in Rome.
Special Cable to The Call and Xew York
Herald. Copyright. 10O1. by the New York
H. raid Publishing Company.
ROME, Feb. 2.— Miss Eliza Gregory
Jackson, daughter of Mrs. John P.
Jackson of Washington, was married
to-day in Rome to" Denning Jarvis of
Santa Barbara, Cal. The Mayor,
Prince Colonna, performed the civil
marriage.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador. F>b. 2.— Word has
been received here by mall from the Zarama
gold mining district that on -January 24 the
wall In a mine -belonging to some ■ American
capitalist* collapK-d and buried alive fifteen
miners. •' The wall waa seventy -five feet hirta.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY' 3, 1904.
CHAMBERLAIN CHAMPIONED BY SON f.
AT THE OPENING OF PARLIAMENT
Continued From Page I, Column 3.
Hef when the speech was over and
generally termed the proceeding as
one of the most extraordinary per
sonal situations that ever bad oc
curred and the speech as one of the
weakest defenses of the Government's
policy ever made.
. On behalf of Premier Balfour, Aus
ten Chamberlain declared the House
of Commons must first decide "whether
or not it desired any change at all In
the fiscal system, and until that point
was settled the opposition demand for
details of the Government's fiscal re
form plafi could not be'granted. 0
* -With th'e exception of the foregoing
unexpected incident and the spirited
defense of his .action in the Whitaker
Wright case by Sir Robert Finlay. the
Attorney -general, the opening of Par
liament was uneventful.
King Edward and Queen Alexandra
drove in full state to the House of
Lords, w^ere with much ceremony the
session was declared open. His Maj
esty's speech from thethrone is gener
ally regarded as having merely record
e3 the facts already known, while the
Government's • legislative programme
has been announced already in these
dispatches. Lord Lansdowne, the For
eign Secretary," confirmed what has
"heretofore been generally conceded as
■ Great Britain's attitude in the Far
Eastern crisis, without throwing any
new light on the negotiations. Both in
the House of Lords and the House of
Commons the British Thibetan expedi
tion and the warr in Somaliland came in
for. criticism, but the opposition after
the fiscal question laid stress chiefly
upon fhe Importation of Chinese Into
the Transvaal and the report of the
War Commission.
BROKEN PARTY LIXES.
In the House ©f Lords the absence of
the Duke of Devonshire (formerly
Lord President of the Council) and
Lord Balfour of Burleigh (former Sec
retary for Scotland)" from the Ministe
rial bench was noted, but in spite of
this the House of Peers ended the°ses
siori with a passivity that quite belied
the party cleavage whidi has occurred
since last they met.
In the House of Commons this cleav
age was made apparent, for Charles T.
Ritchie (former Chancellor of the Ex
chequer) and Lord George Hamilton
(fortner«Secretary for India) both took
their sea|s below the gangway and di
rectly in front of o Joseph ChambeFlain
and, curiously enough, between Lord
Hugh Cecil, the bitter opponent of the
former Colonial Secretary, and Jesse
Collings, *iis most faithful adherent.
As one member said, "everything is at
sixes and sevens."
The government is not likely to be
turned out on •: John Morley's amend
ment to the address in reply to the
speech, from the throne, which is
aga'inst a return to protective duties,
but the general impression prevails
that the government will not be able
to keep its forces together to see the
session end.
POLICY OF IKISH PARTY.
The Irish party, which now almost
holds the balance of power, held a con
ference during the day and decided to
take no action until the government
has defined its intentions toward the
CatholicIJniverslty and the amendment
to the land purchase act. It is prob
able that Redmond's adherents wllli'ab
stain from voting for the present on
Any division which would endanger the
government. Redmond will enunciate
the policy of his party to-morrow.
Sir Robert Finl&y, .toward the close
of .the night session, said he intended
to amend the law dealing with com
pany cases, such as those of Whitaker
Wright. H.e declared that after cafe
ful consideration of the evidence at his
dfsposairin 1902, it seemed to him that
Wright's misstatemfents were really in
support of the~"corner" which would
have rehabilitated the London and
Globe Finance Corporation and were
made with the view of benefiting rath
er than injuring the shareholders. The
Attorney General announced that the
government would pay the costs of the
Wright prosecution.
Throughout this first sitting the op
position appeared much invigorated by
its successes in the bye-elections.
POMP AND CEREMONIAL.
Ancient Custom Is Observed in the
Opening of Parliament.
LONDON, Feb. 2.— "King Edward
opened Parliament to-day with all the
ceremonial that ha* been in vogue since
his ascension to the throne. None of
the familiar outdoor features were lack
ing. The weather conditions, however,
were too depressing to permit of much
enthusiasm. <
Early in the day occurred the time
honored search of the vaults of the
houses of Parliament for conspirators
and later came the crowds, under a
forest of umbrellas, always eager for
anything in the way of^ pageantry;
but their ranks were thinned by the
inclement weather. . In the passage of
the -royal pair along the troop-lined
route from Buckingham Palace to St.
Stephens no novelty was introduced
and the effect was sadly marred by the
drenched appearance of the cortege.
Half a dozen state carriages with the
suites preceded the ornate coach of
state, drawn by eight cream-colored
Hanoverians and bearing the King and
Queen. . The procession was surrounded
by the usual retinue of equerries, out
riders, yeomen of the guard, exercising
their ancient right to be in close at
tendance on the sovereigns, and an
escort of household cavalry.
The Prince and Princess of Wales
had a small procession of their own
from Marlborough House:
After entering^ the House of Lords
by the royal gate beneath the Victoria
tower, the King and Queen were robed,
and, preceded by the state regalia,
passed In procession to the chamber,
where the lords had assembled to hear
the King's speech. Many peeresses
were present and their feathers, jewels
and bright dress, with the. varl-colored
robes of the legislators of the upp.^r
house and the brilliant/diplomatic uni
forms, combined to make an effective
scene.
Embassador Choate was confined to
his room by a slight cold and 'was un
able to attend, so the United States
embassy was represented by Secretary
White and Second Secretary Carter.
On the arrival: of the members of the
House of Commons. King Edward read
the speech from the throne. Touching
upon the Alaska decision the King's
speech said that on some points the ver
dict was favorable to the British claims
and on others it had been adverse.
Much as this last circumstance was to
be deplored it must nevertheless be a
matter for congratulation that the mis
understandings in which the ancient
boundary treaties, made in ignorance
of geographical facts, are so fertile
have in this case been finally removed
from the field of controversy.
The crisis in the Far East is touched
upon briefly in the King's speech, as'
follows: ,. *
"I have watched with concern the t
course of the negotiations between the
governments of. Russia and Japan in
regard to their- respective Interests oin.
China and Korea, and a disturbance
of the peace in those regions could not
but have deplorable consequences. Any
assistance which my Government can
usefully render toward the promotion
of a pacific solution will be gladly af
forded."
Another point of interest to the Unit
ed States was a reference to cotton, as ,
follows:
"The insufficiency of t^ie - supply of
raw material upon which the greal cot
ton Industry of ' this country depends
has Inspired me with deep concern. I
trust the efforts being made in various
parts of my empire to increase the
area of cultivation may be attended
with a large measure of success."
The; speech makes the usual refer
ence to" the satisfactory character of
foreign relations, touching upon the
conclusion of the Anglo-French arbi
tration agreement as being "a happy.
Illustration, of 'the friendly feelings of
the two countries," and refers to the
Somaliland expedition and the Mace
donian reforms, expressing the hope
that th'e "practical measures for the
amelioration, so sorely needed, of these
unhappy regions" will be carried out
during the present respite in tfie dis
turbances. / ■ ,
•After mentioning th£ "political mis
sion which, with the concurrence of
the Chinese Government, has entered
the Thibetan territory in order to se
cure d\ie obserVance of conventions,"
saying that a Chinese official had been
dispatched from Peking to meet the
mission, and expressing trust that an
arrangement would be reached to
peacefully remove the constant source
of friction, the speech closes with the
warning that, although the estimates
have been framed with the utmost de
sire for economy, -the burden imposed
by the • necessities of naval and mili
tary defense is "undoubtedly serious,."
and mentions some of the.proposed do
mestic legislation, as already forecasted
in these dispatches.
No suggestion o of legislation concern
ing Ireland was contained in the King's
speech. • . o
At the conclusion of the ceremtfny
ih the House of Lords the King and
Queen returned»to the palace and the
members of the , House of Commons
repaired to their own house and ad
journed at 4 o'clock;
"When the House of Commons as
sembled later for business the Souse
was crowded and there was great/ani
mation, in striking contrast to the lint—
lessness generally characterizing the
opening of a. session. .Joseph Cham
berlain was warmly cheered by the
majority of the Conservatives as he
entered and* took a seat below, the
gangway. The other- Parliamentary
leaders were "accorded hearty recep
tions by their followers.
The Secretary of State for Home
Affairs, Akers-Douglas, in the absence
of Premier Balfour, 'temporarily as
sumed the duties of leader of '«ie
House.
The mover and seconder of the ;id
dress in reply to the speech from the
throne referred with satisfaction to
the settlement of the Alaska dispute
and paid tribute to the manner in
which the award was received in Can
ada? . i
Lawrence Hardy, Conservative, who
moved the address, alluded to "the
war that was threatening a vast area
of the Far East," and said he would
trust the British^Government to do
Its utmost to maintain ueace.
Sir Henry Campbell Bannerman,
the Liberal leader oftihe House, fol-€
lowed. After expressing regret at the
absence of the Premier, (Sir He,ifry
said rie desired to question the Gov
ernment regarding its attitude on the
fiscal question and asked if It were a
new government with a new policy.
The only way of dealing with the ex
isting confusion, he added, was to ap
peal to the sense of the electors of the
country. In conclusion, Sir Henry se
verely arraigned the Government's at
titude on the fiscal question and an
nounced that John Morley would in a
few days introduce a more compre
hensive amendment involving the
whole situation.
Austen Chamberlain, the Chancel
lor of the Exchequer, replied. He de
fended the Government, whose fiscal
policy, he said, had been . clearly to
stand by the Premier. All the Gov
ernment asked for was freedom to
negotiate, which would enable It ito
preserve the .open door and freedom
of trade.
The sitting was suspended at 7:30
o'clock.
The House of Lords commenced the
business ' of the session at 4 o'clock.
The galleries were well filled, among
those present being the Prince of
Wales, the Duke of Connaught, Lord
Roberts and the Duke, of Devonshire.
After the introduction of new peers,
Lord Fitzwilliam (Liberal-Unionist)
moved the f address in reply to the
speech from the throne, which was
seconded by Lord Hytton (Conserva
tive).
Earl Spencer, the Liberal leader in
the Houso, followed. He paid a trib
ute to the late Lord Salisbury,- the
Duke of Devonshire and Lord-Lans
downe, and, continuing, alluded to the
situation in the Far East.' The. Earl
said he hoped the Government's
friendly office had been offered to both
powers, especially to Japan, and asked
for information from the Government
regarding. Somaliland and Thibet, and
the situation in South Africa, to" which,
he pointed out,' no reference had been
made in the speech from the throne.
Earl Spencer added that he hoped
an early decision in regard to" the Gov
renment's policy on the fiscal question
would be reached and announced that
the opposition .would take every op
portunity of bringing the question be
fore the country.
Lord Lansdowne. responded. He con
gratulated: the House s on the conclu
sion of the Anglo-French and f Anglo-
Italian arbitration* treaties, deplored
♦he situation in the near and Far East
and expressed the hope that a pacific
solution of the difficulties in both cases
would be reached.
. In regard to the United States, Lord
Lansdowne said the Goxernment ha«i
endeavored to translate into practice
what it affirmed rather as a matter of
principle in the French and Italian'
treaties. . • .
Commenting on the subject of the
Alaskan decision, Lord Lansdowne
said that, although the tribunal which
disposed of the Alaskan difficulty was
not, strictly speaking:, arbitral, its ef
forts illustrated the possibility of set
tling, by other than diplomatic means
long standing, dangerous international
differences. The "condition of Alaska
rnight have brought Great Britain into
a serious and acute controversy with
,the United States. The finding of the
tribunal doubtless was note entirely
satisfactory to Great Britafn. but no
one expectedit to be an entirely favor
able verdict-
Lord Lansdowne was inclined to find
some consolation in the fact that his
military and naval adviser were confi
dent that the two islands in Portland
Channel which had gone to the United
States were not of ..any 1 strategical
I value whatever.
Concerning the Russo-Japanese dis
pute, Lord Lansdowne said It was an
axiom in diplomatic circles not to offer
good offices until they were asked for.
Neither of the disputants had asked for
them. In fact, it was an open secret
that one a£ least of the disputants 4iad
said that mediation was not desirable
at the present time. But should the op
portunity offer, his Majesty's Govern-,
ment would gladly avail itself thereof.
The Thibet mission, said Lord Lans
downe, was political^and not military.
It was for the purpose of promoting a
more satisfactory arrangement for
friendly intercourse in trade.
Coming to the fiscal situation, Lord
Lansdowne said the policy recommend
ed by Chamberlain was not the policy
of the Government, and Balfour had
clearly defined the Government's pol- o
icy. He (the speaker) did not conceal*
his sympathy with Chamberlain's aspii
ration to draw the empire more closely
together and to put the affairs of the
nation on a more business-like footing.
If the reward of the success of such a
policy was great, the punishment, of
failure was irreparable and the Gov
ernment was only prudent in declining
to be rushed into, such proposals. • In
conclusion, Lord, Lansdowne said the
position of the Government was per.
■fectly defensible and' logical.
. The text of the amendment to the
address in the reply to the speech from
the throne, referred to by Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman in the House of
Commons, and which will be moved by
'Morley in behalf of the opposition, is
as follows:
"It is our duty, however humbly, to
present to your Majesty that our ef
fective deliberation on financial ser
vices is impaired by conflicting declara
tions from your Majesty's Ministers.
"We respectfully submit the . judg
ment of this House that the removal
of protective duties has, for more than
half a, century, actively conduced to the
vast "extension <jf th£ trade and com
merce of the realm^and the welfare of
the population, and this House believes
that while°the needs for social improve
ment are still manifold and urgent any
return to protective duties, and 3 more
particularly when imposed upon the
food of the people, would be ueeply
injurious to the national strength, con
tentment and wellbeing."
Balfour's Illness Xot, Serious.
LONDON, Feb. 2. — Premier Bal
four's attack of iiifluenza is following
its normal course. He was unable to
attend the reassembling . of Parlia
ment. A bulletin issued by his physi
cian says Balfour passed a fair night,
that his temperature is lower and that
there are no complications.
The make-up of the theatrical news
columns of the club women's edition of
the Bulletin yesterday seemed a little
mixed, but they car* be forgiven, as the
dear girls certainly got out a most cred
itable issue. You. should buy your gas
range lfom San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post street. •
Dies on an Operating: Table.
FRESNO, Feb. 2. — G. S. Beun^ll, an
oil well driller at Coallnga, who came
here from Lima, Ohio, died this morn
ing while under an anestheticjprepara
tory to 2 the setting of a fractured
hip. Weighing 275 pounds, addicted
to the use of stimulants and -his heart
action being weak, Beunell was warn
ed by the surgeons that he might col
lapse, but chose to take the chare?
rather than be a cripple for life. - ?
Oregon's Salmon Cyitpnt Increases.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 2.— State Fish
Warden H. G. Van Dusen to-day filed
his annaul report on the salmon indus
try In the State of Oregon for the year
1903. The report shows that the total
output for the State was 53,531,096 sal
mon (all kinds), being an Increase of
32,326,134 over last year. The estimated
value Is over $3,000,000.
Debating League Meets.
The San Francisco Debating League
held its monthly meeting last evening
at Golden Gate Ha.ll, 625 Slitter street.
The scheduled debate between the Ly
ceum and Maccabee societies on "Pan
ama" did not take place, owing to the
failure of the Maccabee debaters to ap
pear. The debate was awarded by de
fault to the, Lyceum representatives.
The evening ended with a dance. ':'■■%£?'
Begin Annual Conference.
c The annual evangelistic conference of
the Christian churches of the Bay dis
trict began last night at the First
Christian Church on Twelfth" street.
Rev. W. M. White presided. Rev. T. A.
Boyer made the principal address,-tak
ing "Present Day Evangelism" as his
subject. The election of officers for the
ensuing year Svill take place to-day.
— !: — ■ ♦ ■ ' ■ .
Two Mill Hands Injured.
Edward Johnson and Augustine
Margotti, two mill hands employed in
planing mills south of Market street,
were treated at | the Emergency Hos
pital for. lacerations of the head ans
face yesterday afternoon. Both men
were hurt . while operating planing
machines.
De Windt to Lecture.
Harry de Windt,' tjie noted traveler
and • lecturer, will deliver a lecture 6h
"Paris ' to New York Overland" and
"Siberia and the Russian Exiles" at
Lyric Hall, on Tuesday evening, Feb
ruary 9. The lecture will be illustrated
with' many stereoptlcon" views.
MAKES THREATS
AND IS KILLED
John B. Kearney, a Carpenter,
Fatally Shot by Lee Jack, 1 an
Ex-Convict, 1 at Los Angeles
QUARREL OVER A W03L\N
Prisoner Says That He Acted
in ; Self-Defense and Vtft
nesseVCorroborate H o is S|ory
Special dispatch to Tj?e CW1.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2.— As the re
sult of a quarrel Cuev a woman, John B.
Kearney. ?. carpenter, was shot and
killed this afternoon by Lee Jack, alias
Philip Ic»e, a h&l'k driver. The tragedy
occurred in a hallway of the Hotel Fter>
wick at 449 South Spring street. From
the y'.atements of eyewitnesses it wou.d
appear that Lee acted in self-defense,
Kearney having drawn a revolver ant
was in the act of firing When he was
killed. Lee's bullet passed through
Kearney's .lungs, causing death „ so
quickly that Kearney could nqt fir# hjs
half-raised revolver.
Mrs. G. S. Herbert was the cause of
the tragedy. She associates with Le<
and Kearney had been trying to induce
her to leave him. He Is Paid to have
sent Lee word that he would shoot him.
Kearney purchased a revolver and btfx
of cartridges to-day and invaded Lee's
room In. the hotel. A fight followed, in
which Kearney was thrown out. He o re
mained in the hallway "and when Lee
appeared at the door attempted ° to
shoot him, .but wa? not quiclc enough
with hjs gun. °
Lee surrendered himself to a police
man and was locked up without hall,
pending the 5 result of the Coroner's in
ques't. Lee Is an ex-corevict. having
served a year Ip San Quentin°for high
way robbery committed in 1890.
PASTOR IS PUNISHED
FOR RECKLESS SERMOX
l*resbytery .Censures Cfergyraan • for
('online tits ou Lym-hinj* and Ad
° vises Hiip to Bo Careful.
WILMINGTON, "Del.. Feb. 2. — Rev.
Robert A. Elwood, pastor of Olivet
Presbyterian Church of this city, who
was tried to-day by the Newcastle
Presbytery on charges growing out_pf
the sermon entitled "Should the Mur
derer of Miss Helen Bishop Ba
Lynched?** preached by him the day
before George? White, the negro mur
derer of Miss "Bishop was burned at
the stake, was found guilty to-night
on three of the six specifications pre
sented against him. A committee >ot
five was appointed Jo fix punishment
and at a late hour to-night the com
mittee" recommended that Resr. 'Mr.
Elwood be cautioned to be more care
ful.in the future. The presbytery; ac
cepted the recommendation and ad
journed.
RECEPTION' TO TAFT
ESTABLISHES PRECEDENT
Hereafter Xcw Embassadors. Will Be
Received at Washington With
Military Honors.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2.— Because' of
the precedent established by the meet-
Ing of Governor Ta't with a. troop 'of
cavalry and according to Mr. Root, the
retiring ;Secretary, the same honor
w t hen be left Washington, it is learned
that the same courtesy will be request
ed of this Government when the next
new Embassador is .received in audi
ence for the, first time by the President.
This is the custom observed by other
countries end it is understood that
American Embassadors abroad always
have insisted on full military honors.,
Cnllfornkins in Xew York;
NEW YORK. o Feb. 2.— The lollop
ing Californians are . °here: • °Fro,m
San Francisco — M. S. Beal. at the
Herald Square; R. Boorcona, at the
Belvedere;' H. Gray "and wife, L. HelL
broner, at the Hotel Imperial; ' R.
Manvers, at the Hoffman D.
M. Schoenfeld, at the Herald-square:
F. C. Watson.* at the Hoffman House 3 ;
A. R. Tranval. at the Grand Union.
From Los 'Angelea — Miss E. D.
Ayers? at the Imperial; Mrs. Stemble,
at the Grand. Union. - <- .» °
,-, : ~^— <h
, COLUMBUS. OhJo. Feb. 2.— The Supreme
Court to-day declared unconstitutional the law I
permitting tru?t companies to administer es
tates. . '--'.' r -- '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IgHEU HgggM -"f 051^
W ■ ■ ° zEfliW' .V/ii} an Allcock's Porous Plaster
— — —«3^\>f \^b$S&r size an(^ s^ a P c required and
'. \^lW* apply to part affected. There's
Jf^ :|. . m »' nothing- that will give such
jy! ': i „ ahjr complete relief. %
y jyto I • For Sprains or to take the Stiffness or
v - O| Ijm Soreness out of over- worked muscles
|| ° ' W and make them strong; and supple, noth-
JB5b\ 1 ing equals the genuine ;
1 V /' CAUTION —Like all good thing^ Allcock's Por-
fl T I ous Plasters have been imitated, but it is in appearance :
M III on 'y tn ?* *k e J m * tat ' on resembles Allcock's. None
IL J I I have the hcal ' n S> strengthening and pain-relieving
b-** II V properties contained in the Allcock's. .'Far- .
jj 7^ -'-^V; thermore. Allcock's Plasters are absolutely
E 1 • • ***'* as *key do not contain belladonna, opium
Si "" ' "' ""£•' or any poison whatever.
Always Insist on having the genuine. _--«►.
HATCHETMEN
SLAY VICTIM
Som Jtinjr, a Cook, Is Literally
Hacked ito Death in Sullivan
Alley by Five Highbinders
WRONG MAX IS KILLED 5
3Iurderers Enter a Restaurant
and .AVhilo One Stands Guard
Others Wield Their Cleavers
° Murder i« rampant In Chinatown, and
despite the vigilance of the police and
special Watchmen the murderous high
binder pursues his course, leaving in
his trail a record of bloody tragedies.
gotn June, a cook, Is the latest vic
tim of the hatchetmen. He was liter
ally fucked to death last Evening In a
re?taurant at 20 Sullivan alley by five
desperadoes.
The Clime, which occurred shortly
after 6 r'clpck, was a parficularly bold
one and has thrown Chinatown into
a state of consternation. The assas>
sins made BQ attempt to conceal their
identity *3ad escaped through Cook
alley <feefore the arrival of the police.
Whye Som Jung was engaged at his
dutie* in the kitchen. 3ye° Chinese en
tered the place upon murder bent. One
of their 'number drew a revolver and
stood guard at the door. a Hls fojir com-,
paniOBS. without "a. word, walked o over;
to their victim and o while two held him
the others, drawing knives and cleav
ers,from under their blouses^ began th»
work of slaughter.
CHOP MAX TO PIECES.
Swiftly and silently the c flenda went
about their cowardly w°ork and blow
after blow was rained upon the de
fenseless head of Som Jung.* The un
conscious man, the blood spurting frona
a dozen wc-unds, was thrown to th*
floor, after his cue had o been severed
from bJs head. °
: The quintet then backed^out of tha
door, after admonishing those In the
room to make no outcry.°arid fled down
Cum Cook 'alley. Low^Tree, the pro
prietor of f the- establishment, who had
been a witness 3 of the affair from the
confines 6f the <eash counter, at last
mustered up sufficient courage to blow
a police whistlef Sergeant Christian
sen, Special Watchman Henry Duffield
and others fan to the scejie. Som'jung
was found tying" in & pool of gore on
the kitchen floor, gasping his last. The
ambulance was Immediately summwierf,
but Som Jung died o bef ore reaching the
Harbor Hospital. p The Coroner's office
was notified and the body removed to
the Morgue. . •* o % -
* - * MISTAKES IDENTITY.'
That the ciime was the c outcome of
the f6yd t'hat has wage'd for some time
between the Wah o Ting and Hop Sing
tongs- is evidfenl. upon upc-n investiga
tion "it transpires that the latest vic
tim was a .member of the Kow Kung
Tongiand'his death is the result at
mistaken identity. A member of the
Hop Stnga.was killed in th? same man
lier'as Som Jung. Friday night in a
building at the" corner of Washington
and Dupont streets. To even up mat
ters the hatchetmen of the Hop Sings
rnarked S o on% Jung for assassination, be
iiejring he was a member erf the rival
tong. «'
More trqiible is expected at any mo
ment and the police are f ndeavorint;
to prevent further bloodshed. A meet
ing was scheduled to be held at 7 o'clock
last nisjht to settle the feud, but the
murder caused a postponement. It is
understood that the Consul General will
take a hand ih the matter to-day and
force a settlement of, existing griev
ances. o ° o:^.;":
Ah Siry?Ah Sing and Ah. Chung, three
employes or the place, were arrested
shortly before midnight. They saw the
murderers enter, but refused to give a
description of them or make any state
ment regarding the murder. The threa
men will be held by the police pending
an investigation.
Attorney Claims Check.
, • Attorney Henry G. Sieberst and hi*
wife °Emlly yesterday filed a suit
against Margaret, Robert and Charles
Schofield and A. Barnard, as guardian
of Jacob Schofield, an insane person,
'to 'determine the ownership of a check
for $750 in the hands of the attorneys
for the Schoflelds. The plaintiffs al
lege ; that the check Is their property
"arid was drawn, as part payment for
Slebersi's services as an attorney to
Margaret Schofield, the wife of Jacob.FAVOR OPENING
OF H STREET
3Icmbcrs of Sunset District and
Ocean Boulevard Improve
ment Clubs Discuss Situation
U0AD TO BEACH NEEDED
Supervisors Listen to Argu
ments and Promise Their Sup
port ,to Better Conditions
At a joir.t meeting of the Sunset
District and Ocean Boulevard Im
provement clubs iast night resolu
tions'were. adopted, favoring the open
ing of H street to the beach. Super
visors '- Hocks. Lunstedt and Boxton
were present :and promised their
hearty' support ■ to any progressive
movement."
The meetir.s was called to order by
W. W. Allen, who stated that its object
M-as to recommend the opening of
either H. I or J streets. I. D. Blux
ome, the first speaker, favored the
opening of J street, contending that
It. would pierce both the Sunset and
Oceanside districts end ffive the rail
road an. opportunity at some future
time to parallel the H-street line.
Robert Fitzgerald, a member of
the Oceansi'le conting-ent. argued in
f;ivor cf. the opening of H street, say
ing that it would be easier to open H
street than either I or J. as less bur
den would- fall upon the property
hoKer*; owing To the fact that the city
must- tjike care of the third abutting
on the : park, the railroad company of
the center- .and only a pro rata por
tion .of' the remaining third would fall
upon the taxpayers.
Dr.' Boxton advised the members of
the .organizations present to agree
upon"soin<? plan, appoint a committee,
prepare plans and estimates, and gave
assurance that the same would be
given- careful consideration.
After" a lengthy discussion partici
pated in by members of both clubs a
resolution was finally adopted in fa
vor of H street and a committee, con-
Elst!rg of Messrs. Foley, Rosenburg.
BtZLnc. Ferguson and Diez, appointed
to do iti utmost to see that the wishes
of ihe bod;- were carried ouL
LOTS OF PIANOS!
A Sale oi the Maavais Line
of Pianos Is N T ow Being
Conducted in the Ware=
rooms of the Wiley B.
Allen Co.
We boagbt the Mauvais Company's
etock cf fine, high-grade pianos at a
remarkably low figure. The Mauvais
Company determined to retire from
the piario business. They put before
tis p.n Inventory of their stock -with the'
proposition to sell. We made a spot
cash off tr and were surprised when
after a few moments' silence Mr.
Mauvais said: "Well. Mr. Allen, I shall
lose considerable money, but I ac-
cept your offer. The pianos are yours
Ctnd I am out of the business/'
• - • •
This tells, the whole istory. The
pianos, came to us at a price per-
haps unprecedented in the history of
the piano trade in this country; so low
that we figure 6:1 retailing them lower
than the cost of material and labor
required to build them at the factory
and still make a decent, small profit.
The. advertisement of having bought
out so large and fine a Btock of pianos
and the good will of a fair and friend-
ly competitor is of considerable Im-
portance and satisfaction to us, and
this, added to our pleasure in selling
them to our friends and patrons at a]
price hardly covering the cost of ma-
terial and labor in them, makes us
fully satisfied.
' ■• -J • -. '. • "•
Just one word more In particular j
about the class and quality of th« ;
Mauvais Company's stock of pianos
now offered for Eale'by us. The Mau-
raiii concern never bought nor kept in
stock any shoddy, low-grade instru-
ments — no "decoys."
The Wlasner Piano carried by the
Mamais Company has scarcely a su-
perior in the country'.
The Behr Bros., that has been car-
ried by this houpe, is an exceeding-
ly fine piano, and we know of no house
carrying this make that does not carry
It as a "leader" or first piano, and the
Behr Bros. Piano actually costs
wholesale at the factory more than
three tirues as much as the "decoy
duck" class of pianos.
The Uaumeister is another exceed-
ingly fine piano, scarcely a pace be-
hind the Behr Bros. A large number
;>f thorn were in stock when we pur-
chased the Mauvais business.
The Schubert Piano, of which we
found a choice selection in the Mau-
vais sUK-k, is known from coast to
roast as one of the best and most
popular medium grade pianos ever
built in this country and is of such a
liiffh medium grade and so fine in fact
End so conscientiously made that it-
should rank and really belongs among
the list of high-grade pianos.
W> bought a magnificent line of
pianos. We did not buy any "piano '!
Ifcoys." We bought pianos. We : |
bought them at a low price. We are j
selling pianos, and we are selling them \
tl a low price ar.d on favorable terms
— payments that are easy. Our ware-
rooms are open every evening during
K<*'p in mind our location.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO..
531-SS3 Market St.
Mwmsmmm
CHARMING FUNCTION
AT BOHEMIAN CLUB
The dinner given at the Bohemian
Club last night by Edward M. Green
way in honor of Miss Mabel ClufE and
her fiance, J. C. .Wilson, was a typical
Greer.way function, perfect as to details
and with a plenitude of jollity. The
guests, fifty in number, including the
members of the bridal party, dined in
the cheery Red room, the scene of so
many brilliant affairs this winter.
Miss Cluff, the fair fiancee, in a gown
of Nile green chiffon, with billows of
chiffon ruffles and dainty pink forget
me-nots on the low corsage and a cor
onet of the same blossoms in her hair,
made a radiant picture. Though feted
incessantly at luncheons, dinners and
teas since the announcement of her
betrothal, she holds her own admirably.
To-night, however, will bring to an
end the pre-nuptial festivities, when
Jack Wilson will himself be host at a
large dinner at the Bohemian Club.
Last night one of the most popular
functions of the season was held at
Pioneer Hall, when the Woman's Aux
iliary of the Society of California Pio
neers gave Us annual assembly.
The affair was planned to celebrate
the momentous day In Old Mexico,
when the treaty of Guadaloupe Hidalgo,
by the terms cf which California be
came American territory, signed
by the commissioners of the United
States and those of the vanquished
country. This date, from which Cali
fornia began her phenomenal growth
as an integral part of the United States,
has been commemorated for three years
past in the delightful fashion of last
night.
Flags, ferns and flowers made glad
the Hall of Memories — aa is indeed-the
Pioneer Hall, which was thronged
with the sturdy argonauts of old, to
whom the birth of California is an in
cident of easy memory. Likewise
were the women there — they who
braved the treachery of the plains to
reach the land of promise, arrayed In
gowns that did not obtain In the day
of their migration — brave women who
have made history. And charming
hostesses they were at this function
last night, graciously assisted by their
men folk and their children.
The reception committee included:
Mrs. John M. Burnett, president;
Mrs. John H. Jewett. honorary presi
dent; Mrs. G. J. Bucknall, vice presi
dent; Mrs. H. Holladay, Mrs. James
Neall, Mrs. John Bidwell and Mrs.
J. J. Price, honorary vice presidents;
Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs. S. A.
Keith, Mrs. W. A. Retsd, Mrs. Jessie
Seale, Mrs. 'Henri' Wetherbee.
General reception committee: Mrs.
Peer Tiffany, Miss S. M. Hunt, Mrs.
Louis Sloss, Miss Margaret O'Cal
laghan. Mrs. James M. »Goewey, Mrs.
Jerome Madden. Miss Nellie Lowry,
Mrs. Herbert Folger, Mrs. A. A. Sar
gent. Mrs. J. L^ Martel. Mrs. J. Uh
ler Hastings, Mrs. S. H. Willey, Mrs.
W. S. Willis, Mrs. James Irvine, Mrs.
Martin R. . Roberts. Mrs, M. C. Sloss,
Mrs. Milan Soule. Mrs. Edward
Fisher and Mrs. J. C. Tucker.
The tea room committee was com
posed of Miss de Forest. Miss Marian
Chenery. Mrs. Charles J. Deering.
Miss Adele F. Martel. Mrs. Fanny
Molera and Miss Harriet M. Burnett.
The reception committee „ wore
badges of green and gold. % „
The gentlemen's reception commit
tee T7as composed of the junior pio
neers, Including Peer Tiffany, William
C. Tiffany, Bruce Cornwall. Wood
worth Wetherbee. E. B. Holladay.
Charles F. O'Callaghan, Henry D.
Hawks. Richard Wallace, Jame« M.
Goewey, Heibert Goewey, Charles \J.
Deering. Allen Knight. William AI
drich, Heber C. Tilden, Mr. Dennlson
and Brewster White.
Captain Johns and Lieutenant Brice
received the army and navy people. ■
John White Geary, grandson ejt Al
calde Geary, the last Alcalde of the
Mexican Government and the flrd?
Mayor of San Francisco as an Ameri
can city, was a member, of the com
mittee. Roberts Vandercook, as al
ways, served as floor manager-.
The decorations were under the "su*
CALIFORNIA FRUITS IX . . ■
BIG DEMAND IN LONDON
Stand In No Danger c( Competition
From the Other Producing
Countries. - '. .
Michael J. Garcia, head of a London
firm which for years has been engaged
in importing California fruits into Eng
land, is 5taying at the Palace Hotel,
having just returned from Tasmania,
whither he was sent by the British
commercial bodies to investigate the
fruit raising industry there, with a view
to determining whether the products
of that section of the globe can be
handled in Great Britain. .. „'
"Thirty-four years ago," said Mr.
Garcia last evening, "about 150 boxes of
California pears were. shipped over to
London to us as an experiment and
the English people have Ptnce been
consuming your fruits to the exclusion
of those of almost every other country.
The importation of California pears,
plums, peaches and apples, and es
pecially the latter fruit, has grown tc
be an important item in trade and Is
steadily increasing. They are the most
popular fruits with the London people
and there is no fear of competition from
other sources, for they arrive and are
consumed before the fruits from other
countries reach the market. Th<? bulk
of your fruit reaches the British me
tropolis In August. September, October
and November and meets a ready de
mand. The American apple Is known
as the best apple in our market, for it
comes to us in excellent shape *ts a
result of proper methods" of packing.
Not a few California oranges also find
their way into London and are well
liked for their size and flavor, although
the Spanish orange, ■. a. rather diminu
tive article, is sold in larger quantities.
"The Tasmania apple is destined to
find a good market in -London, a fact
my recent investigation has developed,
but it will not enter into competition
with your product, for the reason that
the whole shipment for the. three
months* season will not exceed 500.COO
bushels, which is not equal to two
weeks' shipments from this country.
And again, the seasons differ. In fact
I see nothing that will displace your
apples as a popular product in Great
Britain so long as the present quality
of the shipments is maintained."
Forbearance is one evidence of for
giveness.
/ ..-■-■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1904.
pervision of Mrs. K. Denervand, as
sisted by Miss Annie O'Callaghan, Miss
Fernando Pflngst, Mrs. Allen Knight,
Mrs. A. W. Spear and Mrs. Robert
White.
Between 500 and 600 guests were re
ceived, among them Mayor Schmitz and
Mrs. Schmitz. r.\*
t " • • ■ • v. '.
The wedding of Mrs. Mary Blethen
Sherwood, daughter of C. P. Blethen,
a former resident of this city, whose
engagement to "Walter W. Kaufman,
the attorney and son of Mrs. Rosalie
Kaufman, also a resident here, was
announced some time ago, will be sol
emnized at the bride's residence on
Tuesday evening, February 16. Only
the immediate relatives of the parties
have been bidden to the ceremony, and
at its conclusion the young people will
depart for the southern part of the
State, where they will divide their time
between Catalina and Santa Barbara,
and on their return will reside at 1917
Baker street in this city.
To-night Jack "Wilson will given an
elaborate dinner at the Bohemian Club
in honor of his flahcee. The guests
will be: Miss duff, James D. Phelan,
Miss Pearl Landers, George R. Field,
John D. Spreckels Jr., Mrs. John D.
Spreckels Jr., E. M. Greenway, Miss
de Young, Miss Constanee de Young,
R. M.'Hotaling. "William Cluff, Mrs.
"William Cluff, George Downey, Mrs.
George Downey, James B. Smith, Fred
Greenwood, Alexander "Wilson, Mrs.
Alexander Wilson, Mrs. McFarlane,
Orrin Peck, Louis Sloss, M. H. de
Young, Mrs. M. H. de Young, Edgar
Peixbtto, Miss Dutton, Donald de V.
Graham, Frank Deering, Mrs. Frank
Deering, Edgar Mizner, Miss Spreckels,
Willis.™ H. Smith, Charles K. Field,
Edward Tobin, Miss Ethel Hager, Miss
Wagner, Frank L. Owen, Miss Alice
mger°. Miss Jean Downey, Miss
Lillian 'Downey, Enrique Grau, Miss
Blair. Mrs. Ajmes "Wilson. Charles
Earl, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels, Mrs.
tJ. Wilson Shiels, Judge Kerrigan, Dr.
Black and Mrs. Black, R. F. Nichol
son. Mrs. R. F. Nicholson, Miss King,
Miss Herrin, WilliamG. Harrison, Miss
B'ailey, Miss Hennesey, Joseph R.
Howell, Thomas Barbour and Miss
Wilson.
• • •
To-night' the great philanthropic
event of the week takes place at the
Alhambra, the entertainment for the
naval "clubhouse., Going? -Of course,,
every one with any aspirations to so
cial supremacy is going. The patron
esses haven't slept o' nights in their
wholesome efforts to make the enter
tainment the success it should be. And
what.do you think of a chaplain stage
manager? It is said that his company
of "jackies" has its stage business
down pat, and a crowded house is' sure
to give rousing applause.
The money to accrue from the affair
is to b..- used in completing and fur
nishing the clubhoustf'at Vallejo for the
benefit cf the sailor laddies. Ten
thousand dollars has already been
spent— $40,000. is needed io finish the
work at hand. Aren't you going "to.
help. build it? ■ p
• Tickets can be had at Sherman &
Clay's all day. n O' ' j
The;smart set has taken up thi Mardi
Gras— therefore is its "success assured.
And although the season has been* the
busiest ever known in San Franci?ro,
the devotees of pleasure.- are ,not too
weary to plan a gra'nd finale at the last
function of the social year.
The tickets, % 10 for gentlemen and $5
for ladies, can be obtained by commu.
nicatirig with the secretary t ,of the
Mark - Hopkins Institute of Art, pro
vided you have been fortunate enough
to rece.ive an invitation. 1
Surprises there wIlP be in plenty,
judging from some of the costumes
now being builded.- '■'
The . wedding of Bf. Bernard Klotz
and Miss Gertrude £'. Savage was
quietly solemnized yesterday morning
at Calvary Presbyterian Church-'
oThe last Greenway ball will be held
at the Palace en tlie.l2th.
' a '■■■ '• * ' '
3IRS. • RODGERS ACCUSED "«:;
> t . OF ATTEJITT TO BRIBE
Arrested on Warrant Sworn to by Mrs.
Faulkner, Witness in Marshall ;
* Battery Case.-.
Thft troubles. of Mrs. Sarah S. Rog
ers, .widow of . "Ducksey" ? Rosenbaum,
caused by the Marshall battery
charges, are not over yet. Yester
day Mrs. Marie Faulkner, .222 Mason
street, swore to a, complaint before
Police Judge Conlan' charging Mrs.
Rogers, wfcth attempting to bribe her,
a felony.
Mrs; Faulkner was a witness for the
prosecution in the case of Loufs F.
.Marshall, charged with battery upon
Mrs. Rogers. She alleges in her com
plaint that oh more than one occasion:
prior to giving her testimony in Judge
Conlan's court Mrs.* Rogers called
upon her and offered to give her $200
if she would testify in. her favor.
Mrs. Rogers was notified of the is
suance of the warrant and called at
the Hall of Justice with her attorney.
yShe was taken to the City Prison by
Policeman Laws and booksd on the
charge.. She was at once released on
$250 cash bail.
Mrs. Delbos Sentenced.
Mrs. Angele Delbos, who was con
victed of grand larceny by a jury in
Judge Dunne's court, was sentenced
yesterday to serve four years in San
Quentln. Attorney Ruef intimated
that an appeal would be made to the
Supreme Court. Mrs. Delbos obtained
$500 from Mrs. Marie Marquet on De
cember 12, 1902, alleging that it was
the purchase price of a lodging-house
on Howard street, but she only paid
$100 and retained the balance.
To Consider Theater Report.
Mayor Schrriitz yesterday sent no
tices to the various theatrical man
agers. Chief of Police and Chief of the
Fire Department to be present at a
conference in his office at 3- o'clock
this afternoon for the purpose of con
sidering the report on the structural
condition of the local theaters.
' Even a sovereign cannot use the pro
noun I without criticism, and its use "by
the King of England in his speech at the
opening of Parliament yesterday is
bound to evoke unfavorable comment. A
good gas range can be bought of San
Francisco Gas & Elcc. Co., 415 Post st.»
CARRIE SWAIN
AND HER SUITS
They Keep Attorney Joseph
Redding Away From the Seve
ral Delights of Bohemian Club
BATTLING FOR MILLIONS
Once-Famous Actress Seeks Di
vision of Fortune Owned
bv Millionaire Frank Gardner
One reason, and probably the princi
pal one, for Attorney Joseph Redding's
protracted stay abroad was Incidental
ly disclosed yesterday through a pri
vate communication received from New
York by a San Francisco promoter of
amusement enterprises. It is his con
scientious devotion to the legal inter
ests of a lady client that deprives Mr.
Redding of Bohemian Club delights
and creates a vacuum in the social en
semble of that organization. He is
flittlngr*between London and Paris at-~
tending to Miss Carrie Swain's suits to
have the divorce of Frank Gardner
from Annie Graham Gardner set aside
and to secure a division of the Gard
ner fortune, which is said to amount
to. about $25,000,00*.
This bit of intelligence will awaken
the Interest of many Californlans out
side of the coterie that is Interested in
the comings and goings of Attorney
Redding. It will recall memories of
the Bella Union Theater thirty odd
years ago, when the singing 5 and danc
ing of Carrie Swain was an attractive
feature of the bill. It, will also recall
some of the events of Miss Swain's
subsequent meteoric career.
HER EARLY SUCCESSES.
- On the Bella Union stage Miss Swain
appeared in a "double turn" with Sam
Swain, and she claimed distinction as
the first woman to do "knockabout"
work. While she was doing "flipflaps"
and "splits" for the edification of large
and demonstrative .audiences, there
came to the city one Frank Gardner,
a handsome ' actor, and at the same
time there was appearing at the Cali
fprnia Thea^r, as fading lady ■ of
John McCullough's company, one An
nie Graham, a beautiful woman and an
excellent actress." Mr. Gardner and
Miss Graham became such very good
, friends that the Rial to busy bodies be
gan probing for incumbrances that
might prevent their marriage, and sure
enough they succeeded In bringing to
light a Mrs. Frank Gardner, who had
been Miss Clementina Derringer of
Philadelphia until sherwedded the actor
in 1873. In 1875 he obtained a divorte,
and thpn, one version of the story goes,
he married Miss Graham In this city.
It is another version upon which Miss
Swain now bases her suit.
It wasjn 1879 that the Swains, Sam
a,nd Cirrie, joined the rush to Lead-
Ville, Colo., and they made friends and
money in that "greatest mlnlnsr camp
"in history:*' -And it was while'' there,
say the latterday gossips on the Rialto,
that Carrie decided to pursue her pro
fessional career unhampered by Sam.
She went to Chicago and *was next
heard *f as the star of "Cad the Tom
boy," managed by Frank Gardner.
Annie Graham's thereabouts at this
period is not recorded, but she was not.
a member of the conjpany. The play'
was put. on tour and met with good
success. In the year 188? the marriage
of Miss Swain and Mr. Gardner was
announced In the theatrical papers.
THEY FOUND FORTUNE. s '
When thp attractiveness of "Cad the
Tomboy" began telwane in this coun
try Mr. Gardner and Miss Swain took
it to Australia and in that country
they waxed wealthy. By fortunate in
vestments cin;; mining;. storks they #c->
cumulated millions, and Miss Swafn
now asserts it wasy always understood
between them that they were partners
in all those mcyiey-making enterprises.
When .they became multi-million
aires they shelved "Cad the Tomboy"
and went .to Europe', where they cut a
swath of splendor and extravagance
that made some of the native spend
thrifts green with envy.^In Paris th^y
purchased a beautiful home near tne
B,ols de Boulogne,, where they enter
tairied lavishly. In suburban London
they bought aribther estate and started
a racing stable, which for a time was
managed by Tod^ 1 Sloan. About ten
years ago came an estrangement be
tween the pair.' Gardner returned to
this country, and suit for divorce was
filed against him by ! Annie Graham
Gardner. | No defense was Interposed
and a decree was granted. It is this
divorce that Miss Swain* during a re
cent visit 'to this city, retained Mr.
Redding to have set aside.
■what she Claims.
Miss Swain asserts that in her suit
Annie Graham testified she had mar
ried Gardner in 1873, whereas Gardner
was not from Clementine
Derringer until two years later. Miss
Swain alleges also* that Gardner ex
pended a large sum of money in order
to facilitate the divorce suit of Annie
Graham and that Annie Graham sud
denly, exhibited great prosperity after
the decree was issued to her. By
proving these allegations Attorney
Redding hopes to establish the validity
of his client's claims. To enhance the
complications Gardner insists that he
is divorced from Miss Swain and re
port has it that he Is now married
to a French woman. Miss Swain's
suits for a division of the Gardner for
tune are. pending in Paris and London.
Another interesting feature of the
romance of three continents is the an
nouncement that Miss Swain intends
to return to America and the stage
and that a New York theatrical agency
is now "booking time"' for her. She
intends, it is claimed, to return from
Paris to New York some time v next
month and place herself at the head of
the most 'pretentious burlesque organi
zation that- ever started on tour in the
United States. Color is given to this
story by the fact that her brother, W.
J. Wisler of 1833 Oak. street," recently
received a letter from her, in which
she stated she would soon return to
California. :
It is' not pressure of poverty that
impels Miss Swain to seek a share of
Mr. Gardner's millions or to resume
acting. When in this' city several
months ago she proved possession of
much wealth. '
COUNCIL r BLUFFS, Iowa. Feb. 2.— Mrs.
Peter Christiansen. , mother of the five children
who perished in their burned home last night,
died to-day from har burns.
THE EMPOBIUM. _ \ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
% The Emporium, s money back guarantee 'if. C HOSB ■ \
£ Card **■ your assurance that our prices are SlWOOfferS '2
| Engraving &«*««*/£. 25c kind 16c \
•»* " at SBQCIS&i *r^^ jT7^ ' f i ' - Ladie*' Side Hose Sup- *<t
'i prices all Snc""^^ -t \>£*''t- x
j£ i/US WCek CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- . enier,' white and black; reg- '»
t> N « _ j m m i i—fi.^-^faSJ fcS^ uLirly 25c a pair; l 6dS£*% '«
2* -W^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. to-day on" v B'OG «
K ' ' *
I Gage Tailom-Made SOo Wash Silks 34c I
*: j^fct 13Q4 HatS Beauties on Sale To-Day. \
% 9 4 B Dainty Kaki Wash Silks, in pretty shades of ;J
u' QfS&Sm ffffJ cream, pink, blue, rose', maise, gray, nile, ;'
i The first shipment of the new jasper, etc., orwsale until closing time to-night, %
$ s P rin s styl" of these swcllcjt if Quantity lasts, at thirty-four cents a J
% f^^^Md> of ready-to-wear Hats. yard. These silks will make ATtek il •'
i t, ?W UItra-«tylhh Effects— in straw ver y P^tty and serviceable shirt ® S Mi l 3
JC . X braids ' moha5 " «°d chiffon and waists, will wash and do up y&\ /§l ' x
J! "^^^ \ go'd braid effect. ' well » and ar e regularly sold at ||Z|it •*
3 && C*SZ 4*» &1** TtS 5OC a ard * BeSt silk bargain #rf 1
*! ? &*&*&& SO &SMm7& in town to-day at %Jr JL *
£ ' * x
I $f.5@ i® $3.30 Stylish BU §§* i^^ S
j: Shoes--$1at5 to $2.35 pair^ml iKf 1
tf This mcrnhs we b:gin the sale of many hundreds cf pairs of women*!, girli' and Kk'xL'jk > vX^vS^k P^^^^\ *
ft 1 youths' «ho:s at a third or more less than regular prices. tPS^!v**«R^ VVlf^^ak "*
r. Lot No. 1 — 500 pairs of Ladifs* Vici Kid, Patent Kid and Patent Leather Shoes, in '^
j£ four cf the newest styles, witfi GooJyearf \velt:d soles and military or hilf Cuban YseMkS^ *T^?^*!^. Kk^^^. '^
*[ hee's (2 styles or" these thofs shown in illustration), a full *& SSL "*
* 53.50 value — until closing time . c^turday night . . ... . . <%2&oM%&£2 '■?
£ Lot No 2-Lad:«' S2.50 Vici Kid Shces, ... „ Lot No S— Youths' -51. ;o -Calf «
g h^ rntoc '-7 ith " te f ioaorliEh . £ ; I*t No.' 4-Mwe. «d ChiMreni* Lace Shoes, with : hooki mud low *
I " >P i L Z C T ; V1C1 lld " d b ° X „ J
% SSStfjS* $1.85 "*' madC ° n DCW IaSt$ ' With so:ii'so!« ; . ale price, pair'.. 5#./5 S
j Lot No. 3— LadieC <2. 53 Patent Leather medium extension soles; dressy, Lot No. 6— Ladies' $2.00 Vici Kid *
£> Oxford -Tie.', plain toej, medium heels; good wearing — Shoes, latest style toes, patent S
t£ flerble soles; £n special' ta'e until closir^ <,,,.;„. /st/,,,,\ «* «s leather tip«, extension soles, military heels;" 5
I Bungalow Draperies 12kc Sale Nemo Corsets *
£ Worth 20c a Yard. $1.50 to $3.50 Models 95c, $1.65 Z
!}f 1000 yards, of the new Art Drapery Material, Famous Nemo models at an average oi less than 'J
i suitable' for cozy corners, sash "curtains, etc.; half usual prices. 5°° Corsets sold the first day y
| light weight, c cream ground; a variety of si's'o '"s^-as T S2 so S2 75 Model, ***- 2
| beautiful colorings. U material similar to 95O %
* . Oriental fabrics, full 36 inches f&lg* $2.50, $2.75, $3.00. S3.50 Modcls-i* drab oni y; •?
, *• wide; to-day only, yard ... . . mai2**.. si«$ 181025 ; . ...$1,65 x
I A Sale Flannelette Garments for Women ;
I For Two Days—Skirts, Sacques, Wrappers,, Gowns *
fc* On sales tables in main ais'e to-day we will place a hundred dozen Tennis Flannel and Flannelette Garments for women a: thz lowest '%
■ £ prices such well-made skirts, sacques, gowns, etc., have ever been sold for in this city. . - • ". .^ ' 31
: J^ Women's Flannelette SkirtJ«i Grays, browns, pinks and b!ues, with Women's Flannelette Sacques — Dark patterns, blues, greasy etc.',
van-colored " Persian borders and crochet edges, mads with Persian and itripsd effects, made with tight fitting back and loose Jf
K deep fitted yoke, regular 45c values. To-dr.j and AA- front, regular 65c values, to-day and Thursday. ,. . J3 m 9 '%
■\ "Thursday .*£+$G ........... .V. ....'.. .M'jfO \
; j^ Women's Flannelette Gcjyns— Plain 'knd fancy stripes, in blue and Wrappers. Small Sizes— 3s and 34, sizes only, the last of severs! . Jf
; tf whit: and pink and white, cut wide and fall length, well mid:, . lofs, percales and flannelettes, all perfectly cut and well made and ."*
: J,* trimmed with buttonhole stitching, wash braid, etc., doubl: yoke,- many -different st)les, not cne in the Jot worth less than $1.00, *2
I £~ worth up t<\ } 1 35 each. Sale price io-day and £% £* \-^ many^ of them $1. 50 styles, all" marked to close. . . tS^^m. '%
If Thursday. *&£#<& . . . i?C?C X
1 5 ' ' " ' '"'.'" j
I Housekeepers,* Attention I Sale Damasks j
Jt ' 5 "O'clock . Teas 69C Until closing time to-night *
S A; S>^.P "-, Coffee and Tea these choice imported mercerized $
% \ P P* s 9Q g ' ' SI '08 ■ third less than regular prices : * $
* ■ nHl' rl\J^i^3^ Two especiaily., attractive offerings Bleached German Damaslu, like satin, 71 •*
* m 'if /S$tf WcdD « da y' OnI >-. Only about i-hes wide, inst,ad of 92 c yard .
i iLsL^H kZZXlSik three hundred of. each article, so Bleached . German 'olmuk- Patterns very I
V^^^^ , not make. the miitake of waiting too choice, 63 inches wide, the 75c __ jj
j^ . ' ; * " late inthe day. - %y/ kind . . . . '. . ,y. . . . OYC J»
K Brass. 5.o*clock Kettle and Stand— For afternoon tea or a little hot toddy, to neat water Bleached Mercerized Damask— 2 cases only, £
J» for shaving, efc, etc.; 10 inches high, fitted with asbestos removable brass" , a dean-up lot, the 65c kind, ym^' .<
I? alcohol lam?, 'would be « bargain at $l.oo; to-day.' .. . . ". .•»!. . .' CfSrCr yard. . . . . . . . . . ... *r M C «*
K Nickel-Plated Copper Tea and Coffee Pots— Imperial make, highest and best grade of Bleached Damask— A lot that haj gat the &
*» metal gcod3 soid; this kind r-ytx before offered at special' sale here. Mads . of rolled cop- outside fclds sightly soiled in shelf display, .*
It per, heavily nickel plated on the outside and slver plated on inside: ■ - -' instead of 60c yard, for th : s sale .
if-' ?$;*?: , - J 1. 25 size (3 pints), to-day 98 G \ •' ' •' - " ' ' •,•'•:•' &&G Jf
£ . $1.50 s>?» (4 pints), to-day . . $1.O8 ' ' . . ' '. Damask Table Cfoths— Two loo of bleached %
j ft " .' satin finish cloths, a limited quantity of <*
j: Ribbon Sale To-Day '•■' :?
S 25c to 45g Values 14c Yard ••* *-*5 >lbs^ "3 > ardj > • SUG8 %
» S oooy>rds of handsome ribbon, thatfhe importers sold at wholesale from fz.oo to 13.59 ,209 Dozen Bleached Mercerized . Damask X
ti . " pe/ pwee of ten yards, Consisting of fancies, plaids, stripes, dots, figures, rrioire effects, etc.*, Napkins— Size 26x20 inches, instead of \^
*£ in a wid: range of colorings, and widths varying'lrcm 3J/ to 5 inche*; ■ ■ '^_f, , . .t^TS d'ezen, this sale ." . . '*^m X
t« fine imported French and German novelties, a few Amc.rkan made li.-bon A^A • • • • •'• • •. • • • w**»O .%
Jf among them, unt'.l closing t|me to-night, per yatd .■.;.... . .''. . . ,m^Y%0 .—————. — — ■ i^— .
I "X GtothMg Stole &*!? ?l = 1
| .,, Commencing To-Day ■ ■'^S^^iml j
h , ;i "• - ■ - , , ; tucky River or American ». <3*&*?&Z1 {E
K 2500 Up 'to 'Date '- * Oub ' T '- 5 *'" ly $i -s° j pss^ :<
£ Suits aneS Overcoats ■ L y °;\ ° 4*% oorEf^i*^ "*
I For Men and Boys \ &1 .&&'*****' |
TEAMSTER ARRESTED ON
A CHARGE OF BIGAMY
George A. Jackson Accused of Having
Wedded, Though One Woman AI f
rea*dy Called Him Husband.
George A. Jackson, a teamster, 22
years of age, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a warrant charg
ing him with 'bigamy. o Theo warrant
was sworn to before Police Judge
Fritz by Miss Carme^ta McLaine, 404
Ellis street, a sister of his first' wife.
It is alleged that Jackson was mar
ried on July 21, 1903, to Miss Annie
McLaine, who was at the time a
waitress in the St. Nicholas Hotel. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev.
O. Groensberg of the Lutheran church
on Howard street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. He lived with her
about two weeks and deserted her.
On December 17, it is alleged, Jack
son,'under the name of Alva C. Jack
son, procured a' license to marry Ma
bel Nutting of 126 Eighth street, who
is employed in a laundry. The mar
riage was performed on December 21
by Rev. B. M. Weeden of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church. The witnesses were
Mamie Hargrave.-C. C. Nutting, Min
nie Murphy and George Bocardia.
Jackson, since being married the
second time, has not done any work,
but has lived on the money made by
his wife as an employe in a laundry.
He was arrested 1 on Monday night at
1126. Howard street by Detectives Re
gan and O'Conneli.
MANY NEW BUILDINGS,
PROJECTED IN JANUARY
City Architect's Office Issues One Hun
dred and Eleven Permits for Im
provements, Costing $656,371.
Permits were Issued by the City
Architect's .office during January for
111 new buildings, , to- cost $656,371..
Permits for alterations to forty-two
old buildings will require an aggre
gate outlay of $1061201, making a
grand, total of $762,572. . '/
There 'were 195 free permits Issued,
in each instance for repairs under
$500, which will aggregate $51,889.
There were 40& applications for build
ing permits, of which four were re
jected and four withdrawn.
! There were nine applications to tear
down buildings and two to move build
ings. The amount of fees collected
during the month was $1224 50.
Would Build Spur Track.
The Moody Estate Company yester
day petitioned the Board of Superr
visors for to construct a
spur track on the main,. line of the
Southern ' Pacific Railroad "on Seventh
street, between Irwin- and Hooper.*- to
the petitioner's property on Hooper
and Seventh streets.
.Spring Valley's Assessment.
The County Assessor of Santa. Clara
County, informed the Board of Super
visors yesterday that the Spring Valley
Water Company is assessed in the
county named for $4145 on improve
ments." •. ..:»■•. ■- '■ . ' .
Hercrbs Abandon Siege.
BERLIN, Feb. 2.— A ca>legram has
been received hese from the com
mander -of the . German gunboat
Habichtnlast reported at Swakop
murid, German Southwest Africa, say
ing the Hereros tribesmen have aban
doned the siege of Otjemblngwe.
. NEW , ADVERTISEMENTS.
*""■■■* ...... — 1 — — ; 1 — '---■ ■ . 1.
' : ' CUlA3n.Tr WOMAJT.
Erroneously Thinis . by Scouriasr Her
.; Scalp That She Cares Dandruff.
Cleanly woman has an erroneous idea
that by scouring the scalp, which re-
moves the dandruff scales, she is curing:
the .dandruff. She may wash her scalp
every day, and yet have dandruff her Ufa
long, accompanied by falling hair, too.
The only way in the world to cure dan-
druff is to kill the dandruff germ, and
there is no- hair preparation that will do
that but Newbro's Herpicide. Herplcide.
by -killing the dandruff germ, leaves the
hair free to grow as healthy Nature in-
tended. Destroy the cause, you remove,
the effect. Kill the dandruff germ with
Herplcide. Sold by leading druggists.
Send 10c in stamps for sample to The
Herplcide Co.. Detroit. Mich. ■.
CASTOR I A
Por Infants and Children,
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C&&Z7£££a>^
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALA MED A
MAD BARTENDER
USES REVOLVER
Harry Jackson Tries to Kill
tfalph L. Maey at Saloon, Then
Shoots Himself in the Head
worxD is deemed fatal
>'otos Found in His Pockets In
dicate He Was Unbijljahw.d
Through Love for a V\Vomaii
Oakland Otfce San Franc&rb Call,
HIS Proadway,':F<eb. 2. \
Harry Jackson, a bartpciSer,,. shot
himself fatally tr. night witif* j^cidal
intent. af;?r attempting to JcUI;-.'Ralph°
L. Mjicy, another Oartonder^ Ijv ".Jo
sephs &1 Hyde's;; saloon. :'ElWenih \
street, near Washington, -ivh.^. ' the
shoot: rig occurred. Mkcy'slif* "a-ilS save*
t>y a F'lspender bucklo, .whtichrTd^flected
the ttull^t frrda jYjekscnV.p?stvrI: "ami
c£us. d th? rrissilefto' droi>-"hg.rcnles^l>*
out of the .man's ■ciothir.-j. After* ghojit-.
lngr =n Macy. Ja<4fson • ran' 'jrrrtuek -jri
th* Faloon with .hi* vlMtitigytfit! -tyrfied
on Macr. ajrain a'med. th£ 'pistol *4 him
and demanded a drin"*.-.'jpck?<«n. got thft
glass o£ l,'<iu«r -an-I. SlG«>d-ln. *?; vfrtrner
of thr b^tn-.oni. drinking; jV.»n»i\1-i*ari ?
dishing his !K5i.V.:;Fu<1*>cfy "he -criv.<i;
"Obci-by, fellovvfs/'iar-i.srfot-ijinrfilf- iji
t b« t--=ad. dro?*pinv;-.«<:-Trj!?pk»5?*. t«*c the
floor. The roTlVe Jarkson.-to.
ihe rereiyin?; hOFpi't : il. ■t\;b'-eTe^hew3viftd
■was declared to .'«e "rafajl;- t"-he.."builet
entei"! the sight tS*fe <rf.t-h^. forehead
and lodc& in the" Irare." •"/./ ."'. -• ••
riKlvS AT! I^AkTKXDEIl* ; "•
Jaokson ' .vafKfd-. into -.trie -."Siloo'n
shortly before ■ . Vj f cl/i-k.... and
asked for a ..'I rink. J^ie ta.rW-.'.Macy
into a. ?atk roonV.'to talk- -><]th: hinV
about annlicatVin '-for .merp!*ership/jri
the t*ai tenders 5 Thj»y' : re*iirne<?
to the bar. when Jac.k£<*-n.' §"te,pped. ta a
drawer and pulJf > dou ta .J ) . is *50 1 ;; : .^ Iac y^
ordered him tb : return <be "wveapOil and
the visitor rii'liea yyHYihg cr<-tli« baV*.
tendtr, but the shbt's.truck ttie buckle,
fftaggrrineT Macy iind- inilioting ,«nljr a
Fiipht bruise .' "*•';.' '■'• ' .'•.- •
Bef'"-e Macy- could cetove t ih •ftkriself
Jarks^n juJiped to" a rorjif r -.andl vitil
rhe pistol aimed. str»ii L ght at.MSscy caQed
for a drink.- Harry L. J-osepfi?, icrne, pf
the proprietors, entrired.the'sklooii just
in time to hear Jae4t=;dn - eiy.<? jihe "order,
for. overs' one to gj;t ont. pf-Oie place.
Before he fired upo:i 3}inTseit # 'Jay:Ksog
ran to the rear ' -door." but fo.u/id *t
iocked and returhr--i -io j^nd hw life*
Mac>-. Josephs -and ."U> ir,; .Smith,"
mother witness to : the-. shGptin&V saKj
Jackson was sob^r. " •' ''■ • • J . " =
Jacksoi/s ffiendsl explainejl" that* he"
had lrf°n acting . tjteerly; 'for. several
weeks, was despondent an.d ha.d;tijrfeat
pr:«id to commit siiiride. ' G'r£la. Jciem.
orandum written- in; -^ -.ndt^-iitiok "in
Jack'-ons pocket "xrks the-.directi»^, - . 4 :i*
anything should happen to trje *JL leave
all iiiy effects to Airs. Clara Van,"
troubled" oa crt woxjax.
Th^ police suspect }r«3t Jackson's ac
tions may havy be&n caused by tspuele
over s woman- 'Jac"/C3on roomcS at'th^
Pl'asanton. corntir of. Fourteenth asd
W'^Fbington strfeets. He 'is a- me'niber
of the Order .of Eagles and of- Couh
Oakland, For.?sU-r-? of \ America,. He
has no relatives ••.here. .•.•".*. •.".. ' .°
Tb° following 'notes -were" fouiid'jn
Jackson's pockets:'*
"Harry Jack§oxi.:."gge2a. If. anything
Fho-iM happen 'to.' rj\e .ple*ise..let Mis.
<,"Iara Van of pi-xth and "Castro streets
hoM possession 'of" e.vfery'thfty; I own,
and all bi'.Js you; 'will have U) "out off.
ar I am n^>t in' a position tp_ pay. "Harry
Jach:soi*." ...'■-'. .' " . .•*
"To My Fri% 2 nds:; I Cfoh.'.t-.waht to /io
i*, bi>t I have" t.o."- *• '■•* ' ' •'.' " •
reg>ixs vo sscioysS'K.ss.--' ' •
> AND TElXS 6*^ : iiOBBEHY
31H1 If and Sa>:«- TUusrs *>et TTpori IUhi..
Tak« His vo\n ._aijd-. iJrutany -[■
\ • ■ Keittllini.* '* ' . .'■'<
OAKLAND,. Fcii:" 2.^fH«rirjr kelson,
♦he youngr mill-hand tli'at-wg.9 fonnd
with his skull- cr.ur-hed. in tt*p "staWes
of the Oakland- Gas, lal^hjt! and Heat
Company a week : ago thjs-..morning.
recovered consciousness sulfieteritly to^
night at the Ree.eivJng/HospiCal io teil
ttfat he had been J>ea"ten .by twp-men,
robbed rf $40 ahd tlirbw-rt" into the
Ftaolt-s a few hours "befej-Q; he was
found by Night Watch,rnari i George
W-xfren. * " ' * • . .' ' *
Nelson was not incorfditid^j .-to tallt
n. uch. ; He «pid he JiauJbeeVJ livinsr for
three weeks at the- -Ota'k land. House.
The 'ast occurrence, iie rerriejnbered
was tne asaull and robb'efy."' .Nelson's
mind was hazy and he. co*ulfj. not tell
wht.e the attacK occurrea.' The po*
lice !.ave the case in hand, Jbut'cnn do
mtle until after the patient" has .re
gained better controJ of his senses. •:"•
Yact-lnatfoi* Orders.
OAKLAXD, Feb. 2. — Th« Roarcf of
Edu^i.i/,1 has announced thafjiBtrict
eriforcement of the State P6ard : of
Heart's order that all schooj children
must be vaccinated will not be opera
tive until March 1. Meanwhile pa
rents ha-«v? been notified ttjat chfldren
should bt vaccinated, this rnnnth. Pro
vision will be made by Superintendent
cf Schools McCo'monds for free vac
cination in necessary cases. Until the
time limit expires no child \vill be
vaccinated unless the parents' con
sent has been given. ' f.eV
Sues Father for Money.
OAKLAND. Feb. 2. — Elizabeth H.
Hamilton has beg-un a suit against her
father, \V. T. Hamilton, and his-sure
ties, Louis Gottshall and W. M. Kent,
to reeove r $K05 17 she alleges is due
her from an inheritance. Her father
was declared her guardian in order
to take car° of the property she now
asserts she n^ver received.
Xamcs Were Transposed.
POINT RICHMOND. Feb., 2. —The
Call of January 26 contained a'tele
gram from here saying that O. Wylie
had been arfested for burglarizing the
fa loon of M. J. Hayden. The names
should have been reversed. It was
Hayden who was arrested for burg
larizing Wylie's restaurant 0
BOYS PURSUE
NIGHT PROWLER
Armed With Bifle Two Joiing
Sons of -Professor William
Crowhurst Chase % Burglar
THIEB-- MAKES. HIS ESCAPE
Ldds Fojlow JIarauder Several
Blocks.. Wt He lUjmnta. a Bi
cycle, aiid' Scorches to Safety
. . .. .* -? — ?r-.. * •
• Oakland Office Francisco Call,
•:".*- "•■':*•" ""lliS Broad\va*y, t Feb. 2.
". " Ar'rried-witfra rifle, Janje? and Elmer
GrowVur&t last nighty pursued a bur
i'giacr they \iid "discovert?-! in the act ,of
.aitempjinfr-to enter their father's resi
■ dvnee. 'After a chsse of. several blocks
.ifie* prowler. •mounted' a bicycle, which
he. had Fivreted- for Just sijth an emer
•geyiO'i and Escaped! ** .
i vl*rofessor.- William Crowhurst, wh£
I resi-ies Jj't '.11*92 Frujivaie' aveni;e, wasf
jatisenfr in °Sa"n''Francjsco # vjhen the at
rtepifh was. made to. loot his 'house "a »id
j'jthe re.st v* thV. family h&d retired for
rthe night;' Thi.noljtetmade by tjle bu,r
' : slar. in trying • to farce o°pen : a rear
j; wudo'w aw-ak^ned ths boys,, v;ho start
i-e*'on o a-touc .of iiive»tigaticn. James,
lt£e eMesf.'.'fcrk.rng Ms' father's rifle.
| -They, discovered t\ -jnaji in the- back
£y,a£d. •'w.fio' ; w*re # a-l6ne; .overcorft aSid
chad a rnu(fle"r wrap?>ed arouml.the lower
\$&K of- '.tfis, 'face; • The b'ftys crept
URrough a rear "windotv~. and -were cfos
irlg\>n U\e. fellow, whsn-he d-Iscpvered
pthem . arrd ' r'ftxi. .nhally reaching *is
£ wheel and.. 'scorching cmt "of ! danger's
fcway. •* \ . •
B.VENTS IN bOCiETY
.OAXLAI>vD...:-Feb. 2.— With hearty gepd
wV&ltmjUiAlniittfr a merrj- jesf.the friends of
"Mr* anjl Sirs. E...Z?. Laymance gathered aroursd
that . trappy" voupl*- to->iickt to - celebr£t« tne
'Cfth «nniver«fy. of their* marriage. Sir. I^ay
maftc.eJi mefher. -Mrs. A. D. i^aymance, iiad
ihrov.71 v\ kie the. hoepltable doers of Iftr home
■OR" Tweltilr street for the occasion, "and an
"other day ?iad t>gun befare the last of the
jt»lly gathering: < ->epart«d.* .
. .greeneT»- formed the* decoration 'up
etftirt*. wh(^i> Mr. and .Mr«». Laypanre . re-
MM.. A pretn-- feature of the,- reception vas
tae 'fact th«t M(Bi Mqy KoWer and: William
J. JlAvmasee, who w*«re the attendanra at 'he
weddfn^ five years agnf assiste.d Mr. and Mrs.
]-i: -fr.ari' .mi re*oel\1ng tfiis evening. Mrs. Lay
roance wore rfcr wedding gowr»— of white emin
•wfth g5.rnii0re : <Jf pearls—^»d MWIs Kohler was
becomingly- «Uir'ed". in ."a. gown of cream lace.
pver crspni satin% '
'. Severaj fine la'usictanp were among the guests
Brid added. muoh to theVnJoymfnt of the even
i*g:wi.th a,' nusiber of musical selec'rtons.
"• The happy pa.'!?, were '.t lie recipients of a
larjre numbfer af wooden, souvenirs, many ..of
. thfra Being> -costly anj beautiful. The Efich
"ectolCZia Ou6.; *o( which «r. and Mrs. L*y
ma»ce: are--jw>purar memBers, tent a carved
TOM-wood pedestal accompanied by two wijoden
plates on wKifh'tJje foJJdwlng* unique inscylp-:
tlc/w were rtched: "Witfc Veil wishes would
we welcome .wooie'n wedding," and. ''Five
years ago:. Ed — 'Wood Sou?' ; Minnie — 'I wood,'
T»-<Jay: .*\Ve wocrj.' "
The deforaiidn of the two rooms • bn. the
. Broiwd ' ti(x>T. wbere supper- was ser'ed, was
"both pictui-escjue. and unique. r LonS shavUiga
Cf tlirce kijds of -wood 'had be«i utilized in. a
,-most oripfnaJ manner. . "The ceilings were fes
. tt«nej wfth thejn ard great bouquets of them
were, fastened to'the wails. Over the doorways
I lop*? shaving curls were into portieres.
, A, bountiful was served 6n bare woo4en
ts;i)i f. the • pllites'. napkig holders find even
the 'C\i?s being 1 of .wood.---. • '
The'Ust of Jnvij-ed guests included: -Mr.
Mrs. l\. \\. Vox Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Doy
■gall. Mr. awl Mrs. J. H. ! Bu/nhan, Mr. .and
Mrs. H. F. ,ChlWv Jlr. and Mrs. . N. W. Hall.
Mr' and Mrs. T.\ Dollsg." Mr. and Mrs". T. J.
■.FipJi. Mr.' -an* MrB t M. J. Laymance, Mr. and
Mrs: E. B...Siavi3. Mr.'snd Mrs. W. B. Mc
nain. Mr., and. Mrs. J> Laufrbland, Mr. and
Mrs. C. H: Du Rose, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Wll-
K.». Mr. an^ Mrs.. J. Vogelf, Mr. and Mr*. D.
W. -La ■ FcrtjarK*, Mr. ats»1 MV*. tleorge A. Gray,
Mr. and Mrs. R'. O. Gray* Mr.>nd Mrs. B. : H.
Mastofs. Sir. and Mrs. Jo»» BeeiJle, Mr. anft
Mr?. Chamberlain. Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. Jsn^s. Mr". a«d Mr* Geowee King. Mrs. A.
D. La.vmanr e, .Mrs. -E. • S. Minugh, Mrt» M. E.
Rfiberts. Mrs. E. £ajnT>son, iir*. Etta Laws,
Mrs. 'Katie'BeedJe. Mrs: M. C Robinson, Miss"
Row Oavis: Upps Ma- Kohler. Miss Tena
Koblcr. MIfs Ireife Dougall, 'Miss Maude "Dou
call. Wfh Ada. Laymance, Mlsa' Blanche Lay
r mar«5e.. Mi^S Atjria Macintosh. Miss May Pu
Ros». Mii=s Floia I^e Koir. Dr. L. cF. Herrlck.
W. U. Be»,*le. J.: W. Laymance, I>. A. S. Sal
zer. \V. Vf r - U"hij.e: William J. Laymance. M.
lx-ber. N. Bra'un. B. Bartcil^ J. C. Kendrick
and F. S. Gray. . • ' .
Puceeg* frtt whirji the members -of the
ttttiltSf., ftelief Society has-been working • so
hard, crowned their fffortii last evening, the net
profits of their wklFt tournament b?Infr more
than $:;i.'>. Msple Hall was taxed to its ut
most tapacity and in c the crojvd were many
cf Oak'.and r e" representative p^cple, Xilght re
ception gowns were worn by nearly all the
ladies connected with the affair, which, with
tfce bright lights, ar^l artistic decorations,
blend'-d !n a scene of unusual brilliarK-e. .. c
Mrs. Milton Bulkley made the highest st?ore.
and was awarded first prize. The' other win
ners were: N'o. 2. .\V A.. Hou£s. weathered
oak ta"ble": 3. \V. ' II. -Etley, Dresden clock ;
4. Walter KrlloKtf, wenthervl oak. chair; 3,
Mre. H. J. Stanley, picture; 6, Frank I?rad- ;
ley. chafing dl?h: 7. Ed Rose, -triple mirror:
S Edward M. Walsti silver bonbon tilsh; 9.
11. J. ■ Bkiiel. carvers; 10. Mr*. A. J. Jiece.
I>orti«-rps: Jl, Xli«s-A. Armstrong. ' pictiwe;
12. Mrs. Eprbcrt Btone, opera plasscs: 13. MIfb
A. Blake. Kla" vase; 14. Dr.; Percy Onskill.
silver asparajcus fork; 15. Frank t^acb. can
«ielabxa; 16, R. E. Grove.' jlU'cr spoon; -17,
J)r. J W. I/fRault., violin case an3 bow;
IS fjUn T^. Ward silver, sj>oen; 19. Mli«s
Evelyn Cralp, or^rr for ha\: 20. Mrs. Me-
Che^ney. French cologne; 21, Mrs. E. E..
Smith vape; 22 Mrs/ E. "H. Crawfor*. pic
ture: 23. Mrs. XV. T. TaltjV.vase: 24. Mrs. e E.
J. Cetton." Japanese palm; 23, J. J. iRuctor;
20 J. H Grindley; t7. A. T. Church; 2K.
A " 11 SchUuter; 2fl.' Miss, Flint; ;30, Miss V.
Smith: 31 . Mre. E B. -BecH: 32, R. Me-
Fadd*n- 33 F AVillis £^harpe: 34. Mrs. W.
jMeeR: ."5. Q..-A< Chase; 36, E. * C.
37 'Mii>s Mesmer... • -•* ' . . • ' . .
■ • -■ ■ • *■*, *■• ' .- --■• • - ,.
The fosmos."Club held' its regular meeting
.Monday at* the residence of 'Mrs. .J. U. Bu'rn
hSm.. "Mrii. T/ C. .Coogan-won tjie prize. .
Mis* Hrlen Chase entertained the Tuenday
ciuh ' at her- horo« to-day, «monfir her gue?ts
r.«-inR Claire Chabot. Miss Lrfcretia BurnhAm.
Iflaa Mollio Mathes.. Miss Elsie Everson, • Xfisa
Marian Goodjfll"**. M-is* IMC Chase. MIsr
May .ConRan; Miss TWsIe Reed". Miss "Ethel
?yms. Mi?s Edith. Beck, MIr? Jesn Downey.
Mkit Ethel Crcllln. Misn Ada Kenna, Miss Bes-
Fie Fillmore Miss-Emily Chickerlng. Miss Edna
Barry and Mr*.. Irvin* Burrell. •.. - ,•'.
ATvAMEJOA. Feb. 2.— Miss. Anna /Krusrer.
daughter of Mrs. M. A. " Krusrer, (wame the
hrMe of LelBh Jones at «, pretty. wedding:"cele
brated this evenlnjr at her mother's home, 1533
firand jrtreet." Nearly two hundred friends of
the young couple witnessed the. ceremony which
jnade them one. Rev. iphn O. Gassmann offi
ciated. Mrs. E. A. Victors. M»ter of the brido.
acted' *s "mal* of honor, and the best man
was Maxwell ,Jon«*. a brother of th^ btooiti.
Mi* 1 * Ruby Johnson and MIfs Muriel Ruvfiell
were ribbon bearers and little Gtoejla Haalett,
was flower girl. The bride's dress vmn of
crep« de 5 Paris, with a yoke and bertha of
ducheFt* lace. She carried a fhower bouquet
of IIU°e» ct the°valley. "Mm. Victors wa» wit
tlred In a beautiful frown of hand-painted cWf
fo*n. The drawlng->room. In which the marriage
took plarc. was decorated with daffodil*. A
reception and banquet followed the wedding.*
Runaway Horse Killed.
• OAKLAND. Feb. 2. — A runaway
hofstt wa£ killed' In -collision at 8
o'clock to-night with an -Alameda
electric car on the north -approach .to
Werjster-6treet bridge* The car front
was smashed.
Will Talk on Bonds.
OAKI1A.ND, Fab., 2.— John I* How
ard, chairman of the special commit
tee on bonds of the City Council, will
deliver ah address Friday evening be
fore the Oakland Board of Trade on
bonds for municipal improvements.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1905.
SPLENDID HOME IS ASSURED
THE Y. M. C. A. OF OAKLAND
Plans for the Magnificent Structure Are Exhibited for
the First Time at Banquet Given in Celebration
of the Institution's Twenty -Fifth Anniversary
GAINS LITTLE
BY HIS BOLT
Eug-cne DaKon; Who Made Es
cape From Officer Last J*une,
S.erviag Sentence in Fplsoni
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 2.
Eugene Dalton, a prisoner charged
with petty larceny, who made his es
"c'ape from Deputy * Sheriff Mur
dock here last June", is serving a
foufteen-year term at Folsom. He
was convicted "of forgery at Wood
land shortly after making his es
cape-here. »He was sentenced under the
name of Otto Goffenberg and also had
the: aliases Qf Mi L. Schmidt and M. L.
Bfcisch. It was learned that he had
served a term from San Francisco. '
Daltor» was in the employ of a local
evening paper here and was arrested
for stealing; articles of small * value.
Unde- the pretense of getting bonds
men, the Sheriff allowed him^to go out
to E-.ieryvilie with Deputy Murdock.
The two men entfered a store 'iere to
do some telephoning and Murdock
stoofl at the door while his prisoner
was inside. Some time afterward it was
".found* that Dalton had walked out of
"a rear, entrance and made his escape.
CHILD OF THREE YKARS
&AVES BROTHER'S LIFE
Elwood Benson Hueries for Help
When He Sees Babe Struggling
in a Post Hole.
BERKELEY, Feb. 2. — Elwood Ben
son; aged three years, saved his broth
er Cyril, aged four years, from death
by drowning this morning near their
home at. 2132 Essex street. The chil
dren were playing: along Shattuck
avenue when Cyril fell head foremost
into a post hole that had been dug by
laborers wdrking for, the Oakland
Transit Company. The hole was more
than half- full of water and the child's
body ■ was wedged ihto it so that he
"could not withdraw.. A few minutes
in this "predicament and he would
have heen suffocated. o .
Little. Elwood saw that something
owas wrong with his brother at once
and tcied with all his might to drag
him ou't of that fatal position. But
as one or two. pulls demonstrated that
the 'thing was b,eyond his strength he
«o\ight hefp. This he found Tn Jame's
Shannon, wljo happened to be work
ing just around the corner.
In response to the ciiildts cries
Shannon ran to the spot indicated by
him and quickly drew Cyril to safety.
Cyril was nVbre dead- than alive when
.rescued,* "but he. revived under restor
atives administered to him by his
mother, Mrs. R. \V. Benson. She said
afterward tliat the child o'wed.his life
to his tiny brother's presence of mind
in the' moment of danger. .. ,>
Indian Fancy Dress Ball.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2. — Narra Matah
Couilcll No. 36, Degree of Pocahontas,
is planning a uni6.\ie entertainment for
the evening of February 17 at Pyth
ian Castle. It will be a fancy dress
ball, the guests being requested to
represent Indian characters. The com
mittee will wear lodge costumes and
the decorations will harmonize with
the ge'neral scheme. The grand
march "will be le* by Pocahontas Jen
nie Lindgren and John Shields. The
arrangement committee includes M!ss
Mollie Walde, Miss Frances O'Gara,
Miss. Jennie Lindgren, Victor Hansen,
John Shields and John Bridge. Victor
Hansen will be floor manager, assist
ed *by • Misses Walde, Breinlng . and
O'Gara and John Shields.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: ■ John W. Kee
nan, 37, Napa, and Mary Schumacher,
23, San Francisco; Christ C. Gonlardt,
over 21, and Mamie A. Silva, over 18,
both of Hay wards.
HANDSOME STRUCTURE TO
BE ERECTED AT FOUR
TEENTH AND JEFFERSON.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— Plans fqr the.
projected $200,000 building of the Young
Men's Christian Association, to be
erected at the northeast corner* of
Fourteenth and Jefferson streets, were
exhibited to-night for the first time at
the banquet given at Masonic Hall Ir w
celebration of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the association's organiza
tion in Oakland.
The plans are from A. W. Fuller and
\V % B. Pitcher, architects, ' of Albany,
N. "Y., and comprehend a' seven story
structure in decorative brick and stone,
surmounted by a palm garden and
promenade with ornate tiled roof above.
Elaborate provisions have been made
for tire uses of the association. Much"
attention has been given to the athletic
side, and an fnnovation in the shape
of seventy-tpur commodious sleeping
apartments for young men has been
arranged..
A large assembly haH and. a smaller
auditorium have been supplied, to
gether' with commodious offices and
apartments for association uses. The
gymnasium, running-track, bowling al
leys, baths and other like appurte
nances are features of the internal ar*
rangements. •
The building will face Fourteenth
street, occupying the full frontage of
150 feet. .On the ground floor will be
the main entrance to the association
quarters. Six stores, three on each side
of the main portals? are provided. At
the extreme east end is the entrance*
and lobby to the large assembly hall
and a smaller area way. for bicycles.
BATHING FACILITIES. '
In the large and well lighted base
ment are located the baths, with a #
swimming pool in a raom 28x65 feet.'
Turkish baths will be Installed. 'Here
also will be located four modern bowl
ing alleys. Basement space is also
occupied • by engines-room, boilers, etc.
. The* second- floor from the street will
contain at the east'.esid the assembly'
hall,' with gallery, stage and appoint
ments, to seat 1000 people. { A* smaller
hall .for meetings to seat 200 people Is
also provided. The west end of the
floor is allotted to a reception hail,
members' room, ladies' parlors, general
association offices and secretary's and
directors' rooms.
The next floor above is devoted to
billiard, and pool poms and to 300
lockers for members' Use. pn the fourth
floor is the gymnasium, 66x89 feet, dor
mitories and a camera club headquart
ers, with darkroom and other necessary
conveniences for photographers.
The fifth floor contains a running
track, twenty-three laps to the mile,
with dormitories that are " continued
into the sixth floor. The roof garden
and last floor includes the cafe and
promenade, with kitchens and other
culinary appointments and a number
of committee rooms.
BIG AMOUNT SUBSCRIBED.
.Toward the :building project $110,000
has .been subscribed. The association
directors. have'.' confluence that the bal
ance of ! the money required will very
soon, be in hand. *
.Nearly 300 guests, members of -the
association and of the Women's Aux
iliary, attended the banquet to : night.
at which D. Edward Collins, president
of the association, acted as toastmas
ter. President Collins read a historical
sketch of the association. ' The Rev.
J. K. McLean gave a brief address on
"Reminiscences of the Y. M. C. A.," and
was fallowed by the Rev. F. "W. Clamp
ett, rector of Trinity " Church of • San
Francisco. ...
George N. Bierce of Dayton, .. Ohio,
TAKES ITALIAN
FOR A RUSSIAN
Japanese Restaurant Keeper
Throws Frank Soares Out of
Wijidow Through a Mistake
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb." 2.
Complications of an international
character almost arose yesterday even
ing all because Frank Namamoto, Jap
anese proprietor of a restaurant on
Broadway, between Sixth and Seventh
streets, mistook John Soares, an unof
fending Italian, for a Hussian. A slight
difference of opinion between the two
was 'sufficient to cause the patriotic
Japanese to jeject. the supposed Rus
sian. The first blow delivered by the
little brown,,, man was the rigpal for
a dozen other subjects of the Mikado to
spring up by magic.
Vainly did the swarthy son of Italy
try to explain himself in the silvery
tongue of his native land. Everything
he said was interpreted as ending in
"sky" or "vitch" and this wai suffi
cient fi>r renewed assaults. Despite
uis efforts to maintain 'an equ.lfbrium
and his dignity as a Romar. descend
ant, Soares was • unceremoniously
thrown through a window, taking sash
and all with him.
Th3 crashing of glass attracted V: j
attention of Patrolman Hammertcn,
who arrived on the scene in the role of
"Uncle Sam" and offered his good of
fices in preserving *the peace. Being
unable to speak Jpther Italian or Jap-,
aaese, Hammerton . was compelled to
give up his attempt at diplrmacy and
t rrest both t**.e proprietor of the place
and the supposed Russian.
This .morning in the Police Court
neither of the belligerents was able* to
make Judge Smith, sitting both as me
diator and Judge, understand them and
he set the case over until February 4,
at which time two interpreters will be
on hand to assist the court in settling
the dispute.
CAPTAIX CORCORAN DISMISSES
. SUIT AGAINST FORMER WIFE
Threatened Trouble Over TheirFranfc
lin-Street Home Is Amicably-
Settled Out of Court. " " •
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.— the suit "of
Hugh J. Corcoran, a former steamboat
pilot, brought by him against his for
mer wife, Ella M. Corcoran, to restrain
her from ousting him from, his resi
dence at Twenty-second and • Frank
lin streets was dismissed to-day. It is
stated that an amicable adjustment of
their difficulties has been arrived at.
Corcorarr alleged in his complaint
that he was in ill health and that .the
former partner of his joys and sorrows
had threatened to wait until* he left
the house some day, when she would
go in and lock him out and keep'him
out. He said he was in no condition
to light and asked the courts to grant
him a .restraining order. . .
Is Granted Divorce.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2. — An interlocu
tory decree of divorce was granted to
*day to Nellie C. O'Keeffe from Stephen
R. O'Keeffe on the ground of willful
neglect and desertiofl. The case was
not contested by the defendant. Suit
for divorce was instituted to-day by
Louis Goz against Mary B. Goz on the
ground of infidelity.
spoke on "The Business Man's Oppor
tunity for Service." He said: ■ "We
business men should welcome the Y.
M. C. .A. because of the opportunities
which It offers us for service. I want
to urge the association upon you as
an opportunity for helping young men
who are not only in need of your help,
but who have a. just claim upon you."
L. Wilbur Messer of Chicago gave an
address on "Glimpses of a Diversified
Work," which he illustrated with stere
opticon views.
Several selections were rendered by
the association male quartet
DOG POISONER
HARD AT WORK
Owners, of Highly Bred Ca
nines in Lakeside District
Are 3Iuch Wrought Up
MANY FAMILY PETS SLAIN
Rev. E. E. Baker and Other
Prominent Residents Are Vic
tims of the Cowardly Crimes
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 2.
Owners of highly bred dogs in the
fashionable. Lakeside district are much
wrought up over an apparently mali
cious poisoning of several canines with
in the last^few days. The' work of the
dog poisoner has been carried on thus
far without a clew as to his or her
identity.
The' first to suffer the loss of a family
pet was the Rev. E. E. Baker of the
First Presbyterian Church. The dog
was found on the lawn in front of the
Coghill residence, on Jackson street; in
convulsions. The animal showed un
mistakable sfgns of strychnine poison
ing. The dog was shot.
The next family pet to eat of pois
oned food was a Cocker spaniel belong
ing to Miss Bessie Coghill. The ani
mal's life was saved by prompt action.
A valuable dog belonging to Mrs.
Thomas Mein was next poisoned and
died. Mrs. E. Duncan also lost a dog.
Yesterday a dachshund belonging to
Mrs. Mein was poisoned and died.
The law makes it a felony to poison
dogs. The residents of the Lakeside
district are uniting to discover the guilty
party if possible. . ■
Clergymen Organize Club.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2. — The pastors of
the Episcopal churches In Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda have organized
a Monday Club and meetings will be
held at the Hotel Metropole on the
first and third Mondays of each
month. The officers of the club are:
President. Rev. William Carson Shaw,
dean of the diocese of California and
rector of the Church of the Advent,
East Oakland; secretary. Rev. O. St.
John Scott, rector of , St: Andrew's
Church. .The members are Rev. 1 Wil
liam Carson Shaw, Rev. O. St. John
Scott, Rev. Charles T. Walkley, Rev.
Clifton Macoif, Rev. Edgar F. ' Gee,
Rev. John Bakewell. Rev. E. L. Par
sons, Rev. W. X. Guthrie, Rev. W. H.
Ratcliffe and Rev.. A. W. Kierulff.
Woman Breaks Both Arms.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— Mrs. Rosa
Santos, residing at 2-.0 Hollis street,
fell from a rear porch at her home
'this morning while shaking a rug.
breaking both arms and receiving In
ternal injuries that may prove fatal."
She was leaning against a "balustrade,
which broke, throwing her . to the
ground, a distance of :-flfte-*sn feet.
Mrs. Santos is 50 years of age. |
Grand Jury Meets.
OAKLAND,- Feb. ,2.— The Grand
Jury met in regular weekly session to
day. City Attorney McEljroy and Con*
stables Vanderyoort of IiVing'ton and
Roderick' of ■ Niies werel the" witnesses
examined. . .The operation of' nickel
in-the-s'lot machines.of the municipal-?
it} 1 and of th.e" two outside ' districts
named was the subject. uftder i'nyes.ti
gation. • " .. ' '
Health, Board Reorganized.
ALAMEDA.' Feb. 2.— Tke Board of
Health reorganized to-night, electing
Dr. A. A. Stafford, president. V. The new
member, Dr. A..Tapi)kn JLurri, took h*Ia
seat. • . * ' ' ■ '. -"• '. ' ■• ;
HEAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ala.medn. County: ••
TU-ESDAY/ .FEBRUARY 2.
Maryette and VJHber XVelr. (wife* to August
Lavlgiu- lot on X line of Railroad- avenue <or
Seventh street).- 10O W -trf Henry. W 2(>; -X
K0. E 4. X 31. E' 22. S 111 to' beginning', ra
tion of lots 6 and 10. block' 528. map .1. Qlb.
bons- property .Oakland; .$10. ' • . "■..•■•'
"H. H. and Mary E. F.uhrlnK- tor. Fe?tu<< .W
Lewis lot-* map McClure .Academy prou'nds.
Oakland; $10. * • • • ■ .
Charles "M. and- Lucy "' J.' • Morton, lot -'"'a
NW line of Eleventh' ..<Pler.Ce) ' aven.u'e,'
1 O «J:4 NE "of East *Twenjy- fourtti . " ( Abel),-
N'E 66 *bx t»'W 150 portion of block UV.
Clinton." East Oakland 1 ; $10. ";-'• ' ." ; . • •
Maurice. J. Flynn ,tsingle) to FKincisco .A.
Menctorica. lot 8.'. block BC2. f^map 1 portica
of Scorch*er Tract.- Oakland ;' $10. . . • ""
Holcomb l.nnrt Conlpany - (corporation)- (forv
merly Heron -Hofcomb Company) to -Mary- A.
JIcGibwan' (wife of J. < J.V Jot commencing on
line 100* feet \V from arid at' right- angles to
line dividing plats 'JO . a-nd 21. V.'ahd'D."
Peralta Alta Rancho. > e>ai<l point beltig dis
tant 4-S.9T E of Venion,, therice- 'SW parallel
fxlrl line dividing plats 20 atnd 21. 80.S6 to
NE line of Bay p"lace_ -S 31;S0. NE parallel
eaid dividing line 05 >TW at right^inglea t6
said last named' line. 30:4 tt> beginning, Oak
land; $10.. -: .. ; . .
Sophie U.. Johnson (wife of Tt.- O. • Johnson)
and' B. O. to'Hllda Stpvensriit.(wlfe
or William), lot • bfbek C. Golden Gat«
Homestead. Oakland; $10,
*R. S. and Florence Moore-t6 tV: S. Palmer
lot on W line et AdeOne strvet SO S of "WeM
Twelfth.-* S ti5.. thenc« W parallel' W cTwelfth
street" 138:.".. N paraHei 'Adeline -115 to S line
of W,est Twelfth., E 10, <5 parallel' Adeline 60,
thence E parallel W Twelfth 12S:3.-to begin
ning, portion -of block '563,. Boardmanrs rna'n
Oakland: $10. • '.-.•■' ,
The First National Sank of Oakla-n.d.'fa cor
.poratlon) t(v John Camlong. lot 11, block ■ il '
Heracg Tract. Oakland; *IK . • . "• r
'Carrie B.' and T. C. Landregan to same, lot
'10. block 11. Hersog Tract. .Golden Gate.
Oakland: $lt). . \- . . •
5 Mary Loretto Kirk to H.enry- J. Dei&y.- lot
on NW line of Fifth avenue (Strode street) 70
WE* of East Ninth -tfeflSerson).. " thence* NE
Hlonpr NW line of Fifth a,venue 33 By NW JOS
portion of block 8. Cllflton. East. Oakland; $10."
Same" to WllUam K.. Geary, lot .on NW'llhe
of Fifth' avenue (Strode Street).' 83 NE of East
Ninth (Jefferson). NE .3.5 by'^W- 105. portion
of block 8, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Virginia and M. M. Rhorcr to Jonaa t Bow
ers", lol 37. College Tracf. Berkeley; $10.
ORDER FOR T HE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
■"• Mall This Order to Tbe San rraaclsco Call Wltk 750.
The San Francisco Call, . .
San Francisco, Cal.:
! Inclosed herewith please .find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
» Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its she-month subscrib-
ers to the daily arid Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.) i ' •
SIGNEr ....
STREET, ..• .* :......,
city ....:.....
STATE
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAfcliAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street. \
Telephone North 77. )
AliAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
FATHER KIRBY
DIES AFTER A
LONG ILLNESS
Rev. Father William P. Kirby. the
beloved rector of St. Agnes parish.
Masonic avenue and Page street,
passed peacefully away at his resi
dence yesterday evening after an ill
ness of two months. .At the time of his
death he was still a young man.
Father Kirby 'was born in Listowel.
County Kerry, Ireland. April 15, 1S60.
He spent his boyhood days in his na
tive town, which is near the famous
Lakes of Killarney, and received his
early education in the little parish
school. *"» '.'■
After finishing his "primary education
Father Kjrby attended Mount Melley
Academy- When his course at that
school was completed he was sent to
All Hallows College, Dublin, where he
graduated with honors and gained- the
distinction* of being: one of the, bright
est pupils in his class.
From there he went to the. noted col
lege of St. Sulpiee.* Paris, to finish his
education. When his course at that.in
stitution was completed Father Kirby
returned to his native town, where he
was ordained a* priest oh March ' 17,
1883. • .
Shortly 'thereafter" he sailed for.the
United States and came dirept to San
Francisco, i He was first assigned t »
old St. Mary's College on the Mission
road. After remaining' there for sev
eral years he, was transferred* to Oak
land, acting as Father King's assistant
for soir.e time. From there he went
to assist Father Serda in another Oak
land parish. .' * : • , ' .. .
He was next assigned to. > ity at St.
Mary's Cathedral,., where he remained
for t a long time and became very popu
lar with both the priests and parish
ioners. In 189f> the Archbishop, recog
nizing the ability of Father Klrby,
placed htm 'in charge of St. 4 Agnes
Church.
From the- time- he, went, to the Tatter
parish he made, his presence felt. He
did much good in the vicinity of the
park and was the most popular priest
that ever had charge' of the parish. [
• Xq arrangements have been made for
the funeral. The body will lie in' state
at St. Agnes; Church to-day and all'the
of the • city. ' will
gather around the bier and pay their
last "respects to the departed rector.'
Death of George II.*Bose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2. — George H.
Bn.se. a pioneer of 1848, died at his
home on the Almadeh road, late last
night.- " He was a native of Germany
and TS- years of age. Deceased came
to America when a boy and.uponthe
iflrst i.aws • of the discovery of gold
.started overland for California. Bpsa
had been a- resident of : Santa Clara
County for more than fifty years an^i
had foll;owfcd fanning and fruit .grow
ing aril, f'lis .time. Three, .married
daughters survive him. . .'";<. •
Death, of a AVell-Known VIneyardist.
STRESNO; Feb. 2. — Word has been re
ceived, of the death fn Philadelphia at
the, age; of .'73 'yeara of Christian 1 . G.
Trash, '-tie planted tne .first vineyard
in Fresno- in. the- winter of.lS72- 73, now
.known as :the Elsen Vineyard, frorh
which' Was' grown the great raisin and
•wineigra.l>.e Industry. He was also. one
of the pioneers- of the wine and.'fham-
pagif^e. industries, in California. He ; re
turned :to th.e East. a few- years after
dgjrionstratinff-Jhe fcuccess of grape cul
ture -in : this section. ' ..•
MlcTiijrnrT:* Oldest F^Utcr I>ead.
BAtTtE CR^EK Mich.. - Feb. 2.—
Warter.W.^V.oolri.oush, prot»ably. tho
otdfeS;t riewspapeT editor in .the Stiite,
died-" to-day,-,. i»se"d- - '83.' Woolnpugh
started the- first paper published- in
Battle Groek and wais .»ne o.f the men
presenfat' the organization ot the Rei
publican pifty at Jackson. ■ I }'.".
Sonoma Valley looses an Old Resident.
- SONOMA,- 2.— Chnrles Ohrn> a
wealthy and well' known, resident of
this valley.' died at his home near, Agua
Calierjte 'early -this morrln's after sev
eral weeks'-'ilincss. Ohm was the son
of the iate Charles Ohm. a weauhy
property 'owner of San Francisco. . ' :.
Tasmania Statesman Dies
' ■ LAUInCES.TON. ;:Tasmnnia, Feb. 2.—
Rignt. Jlon. Sir Ejdward Nicholas Cov
entry' Braddoc.k; former Vernier and
leader ,of th& House of* Assembly In
Tasmania. Is dead; aged 73. ,
Will Act on 'Crematory.
\ ' OAKLAND, Fe,b. 2^— Mayor Olney
to-day announced that he would take
action tp.-morrow on, the garbage .cre
mators' ordinance, which Is before
him for a-rproVal or veto. -
IMoneJcr Cracker Baker. Pies.
!" CHICAGO, Feb. 2.— William W.
Shaw, pioneer of- the cracker baking
industry in the WesC is dead of pneu
monia, a^ed 72 years. J . ,r 'BANK OFFICERS
STILL IN JAIL
Xogales Financiers "Who Arc
Under Arrest Abandon Their
Efforts to Get Out on Bail
OTHER CHARGES PEXDIXG
Funds of Defunct Institution
Are Said to Have Been Lost
in W'nll Street Speculation
Sp*cUI Dl5r«t<-h to The Call
TUCSOa*. Ariz.. Feb. 2— The officers
"f the International Bank at Nogales
arrested Sunday night have given up
all «_rr^ns j j secure baA!, having learned
that if released on bond en one charge
nurr-rous ethers will be Immediately
filed against tnem. * Tfeey are being
made as comfortable as possible in the
Santa <;ru* Cot-.ntyiJai!. It, is reported
to-4ay that R. Allyn Lewi*, vice presi
dent of the bank, who li in New York,
tvK- be arrested and brought back if
extradited. L<r"if, who is associated
v-Uh \V. C. Gr«*ene, speculated in Wall
Ftroct and it h» believed! that he drew
heavily upon the br$lled bank to rcake
good large losses. V""' : -
GRACE THOMPSON* StES
HER FATHER FOR MONEY
Claims Albert Gal !a tin Has Not Kept
I'rumi-*? Made When He and IJis
" Wife Separated.
Afui 1 >r 511,300 was 'filed against
Aloeri Gallatir. yesterday by Grace
Thompson, his daughter- She says' the
inoney has been due $er ever since
i-;?", and that Gallat.'.i. though ptrs
«=esi»ed of means, has .Maife no attempt
in liu'Jiidato Ine debt. '-"„ \ . • • !
It appears fro. -I the c°rnP*air;i. that
Galiatln was divorced fnVn lCam>e."Gal
latin at Sacmment:), in 1%SL'- r The cus
tody of his tlaupr^.ci v.asi awarded to
her mother. G£.!!atiri agreeing to. pay
JOS a month fo: ? er- rupport until she
■was lS'yea^s of age. ' He furtber agreed
that when clie became cf age he would.
In the event that he "«>s *.orth JlOf.OOD
or m.^e, sive r-°r flD.OW. Mrs.,Th.omp
s>>n became of ape in June, '1890. and
her suit is for JiO.000 with interest; she
a I logins in her complaint that* her
father is worth $100,000,; and that ."when
ever ?hf has requested the payment' of.
the sum ho ha? put her off l-y prorhis
ir.p: »c pay her interest.
Prefers Charges 4ga : :nst Vhlte,
Emilv M Preston, m&ther of ll/J^ei
and Ira Pteston, wards of M J. ."White,
secretary ef tr"> Society for the
venticm of Cruelty t-s Ch'ldren, yester
day applied fo the Superior Court for
a revocntk n or the letters of guardian
ship over her htt'e ones grante/i <"o
WrTlte last October. ?ihe says at V.he
time "W*hit«- was appoints guardia:. ,she
was too :il to appe.vx i.i court to *5how
that uer little c-es shoulc iiot De taken
fr«>m her and tbat she was- never given
h i -nance to refute White's charges.; She
Basra r urthcr that "Wnifce has not made
a good guardian, in tiiat he does •e'.oft
neat the r hild: en t>roperh" and has
Foparated ihem. Mrs Preston s'aya
further .hat. she has been denied jirr,
mi.esion to s=ee her children by White
and that f>e has refused to tell 'iter
■where they are.
Voorman Opposes Distribution.
Henry A. Voorman, sen of the iat#»
Henry Vocrmar, the capitalist., yester
day -fileu an eppositipn to the petition
*\t Henry Voorman Pu Buis for partial
distribution of the Voorman estate. He
< 'aims that distributlou at t*ris Mine
is inadvisable, because it has never
been <Ieterrnined what pat t of the V<rf>r
man estate was the property < l Marj
Voonr.an, his . mother, who for rrany
vnrs p»-ior to !:er death vras Jnbane'.
Her husband was her t-jardian. . a:i \
a « such it I* claimed th« petitioner <ion
vcrtea Dart cf her estaf* Into shales
in the \ oorman Coirpan;'.
Says DescalRO Was Weak-Mind*"*!. *
■ Durirr the hearing of the con'?. c t of
the -trill, of. L"ca Descalsa yeste. oi t a>
iii th.e'. Probate Court Alvira Your«&; a
■< !?irvoya.nt, was a witness for tha con
testant, Grace Bolgcr, a daughter^ of
the deceased. Bte testified that in her
* Descalso was weak-mmdeo. be
«aus«»' he Imagined that^ he had many
diseases." and al6o because he ta^ed
ttontinvany i>n his chance of becoming
ih« husband of a young and handsome
heiress.
The Pmssian of Ru<»gen, In the
Baltic, is Infe«ted with adders. L*»st
year 1243 of these poisonous snakes
were ' killed and bounty collected on
them. - .
ADTEBTISEMENTS.
barbarous surgical) opjera-
;, tion
For Cure of Piles
Is not only intensely painful, dangerous
tu life and very expensive, hut In the
Jllgbt of modern meiical research and
sinci the discovery of the Pyramid Pile
*'ure. "wholly unnecessary. " If you have
i>:.y doubt on this point kindly read the
following", letter from one , who knows
i?iat the claims regarding the merits
•f ihc Pyramid Tile Cure are borne out
by facts: V-,~
"For a long time I suffered with bHnd
piles. They gave- me so much pain and
uneasiness that they almost disqualified
:no for doing anything. " I saw 1 an ad in
lho Atlanta Journal of Pyramid Pile
Cure and ordered a 50-cent box. I used
them and they jjave me relief; that en-
ooorsced me and I bought' another 50-
<ent box and they cured me. Oh, how
p!ad that I am well again!'
"The Pyramids cured me and I am
y-itisficd they will cure anybody else
who, Is sufTcrins as I was, if they <vlll
use them.
"You may use this in any way you
see proper; 5f my experience wlll'en-
< -mrage any sufferer to use your Pyra-
mids I shall be glad. H. K. HICKS,
< 'alhoun, <Ja."
The Pyramid Pile Cure is sold by
druggists for CO cents a package, and
Its merit is fo v.oil known that the sales
"xceed those of all similar remedies
combined.
Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall.
Jtfich.. for their little book on the causes
and cure of piles, which is sent free for
the arkinj. Bfrtf§
BRUTAL MURDERER HELD
WITHOUT CHANCE OF BAIL
George Benes, Who Killed Wife Because She Re
fused to Live With Him, Must Answer for Crime.
Judge Hebbard Is Reversed by Divorced Man
George Benes, a German, who out-
Soeders Soeder from an appearance
standpoint, -was held without bail for
trial in the Superior Court by Judge
Conlan yesterday on the charge of
murder. - On Deceniber 22 he shot his
wife in the bSck with a revolver arid
then attempted to end his worthless
life with the same weapon. The
woman died in the Harbor Receiving
Hospital two hours after the shooting,
but the man survived.
Shifty, weazened and' cunning as a
coyote in face of a trap, the defendant
listened to the murdered woman's
sister as she told the story of the
crime. Benes' wife had deserted him
In Los Angelas because s"he could no
longer bear the .burden" of turning
over her slender, wages to him in order
that he might satisfy his "appetite for
drink. By fair pr foul means he gain
ed sufficient .money to follow, h«r to
San Francisco. On the train lie wrote
a letter, detailing his plans" for'murder
and Suicide if his. wife refused to- live
with him again* " ©
He found her working as a cook at
the Humboldt House at" 1309 Stockton
street and followed her Into the cellar,
whither she was going Jo_ secure. .some
vegetables.' He asked her .to live, with
him again and she refused peremptor
ily, turning away as she spoke her an
swer. Then he shbt.and killed her* and
put on© bullet Ui his own" heck.
• Isaac Selby, in a lengthy opinion
delivered in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday, overruled a. decision handed
♦Jown by Superior Judge H^bbard in
regard to a divorce which was granted
to his wife some months"' ago. • He is
an Englishman' and regards lightly ; the
adjudications of the courts of "the
United States. l
The specific cha'rgfe agninsfhim was
'disturbing the peace of his wife, who
is manager of a furniture store at 812
Larkin street. 'When she secured a
legal separation from her husband
Judge Hebbard did yiot think; it .was
necessary to make an order allowing
him to visit the £hree children which
were the issue of o the marriage. En
tirely too late Selby developed a pa
terital love ttiat drove him to invade
the- premises occupied by his former
Viieand the little ones.. His exeuse
was -that he "wished to impart, to his
the "beauties that lurk in Ger
man s?nd French 'classics. His wife
yays that he came there mefely to
make trouble for .her. He was eon
victed'and will' n»t have an oppor
tunity to overrule Judge Fritz's deci
sion in this la-=t little matter.
• • • • * ?■ ;
Cart Zackermann stodd'in his Hun
garian'oaJe at -29 Uddy.stre'et Moaday
night waiting- for some- one" to come
in and eat up the' 'goulash that'waS
liiolJeriBj? in the oven.' John Tuter-
vitch happened along. 'Tutervitch had
a package". which. the .JJerican carga
<3aores in. thiapas .wojild have" split* uft
into eight loads' afed then couldn't
have packed it over the mountains.
Tuter%'iJcJa was doing the "best lie'cQuld
with it* As he" passed by the • Hun
garian "caft he caught a ray of mental 0
Suggestion frointhe proprietor and en
tered*. ; \ " '
-:In his -estrance he overlOQked the
*-vingring : doaw and . piled through' a
plate gl^ss wfndow that cost 5175;. li
tooH tiree poficsmen, the proprietor,
two cook? and a professional glass
eater to separate -THterviteh from the
frag-rrifcnts* of the j window. " • • •
. His bail was fijred.'at $200. by Judge
Megan ;!ester,day and hefwlU be given
a chance .to settle .the Oamages he in
curred at the- restaurant without
further penalty. •' @i ■ ? ' :
Theresa Henry is . xviUing to .accept
$7000 from "W-. F. \V«ittier, the paSnt
magnate and senior member of the firm
of Whittier, CoSur'n & Co'.,' In satisfac
tion of all' damages that .may have ac
crued- to hei- in tb.e' dayy of her iiovlti
a'te.. In consideration of that sum she
promised Judge iMogan j^aterday that
she would never "disturb 'the quietude
of the aged paint Sealer in,the. future.
The Judge felt hastily .in "his- vefct.
pocket, but- he "could .only -find 55407 85
and all of the money .was in "dime's and
nickels, which he *w&'4 holding out Mi*
carfare. *,■-.
A subpena had been issued for Whii
tier, K ut an attorney wa? present with.
a doctor's certhUcate showing that the
old gentleman was entirely tco ill &or
appearance in court. Miss Henry \('as
sent oack to the cold comfort ot a
prison cell, unpledged as to oehavior,
but filled vith dreams of the 57000 she
demands. As she blew away In custody
Ci the baliff the judge unconsciously
began to cum ""In a Garden of Fpdcd
Flowers." Somehow he likes' new
music. ■ ►■'' ■ ': a ;'^
Mrs. Hang, a winter resident in Ifche
land of sunshine, who has escaped the
terrors of a Colorado winter by so-
JuurrJng iu San Francisco for the last
three months, told to Judge Mogan a
startling tale of Rocky Mountain Wo
men's conduct when they get into the
jtvarm belt She is the complaining wit
ness in a case against Edward Miller
and Archie Harris, whom she accuses
of stealing Jeweiry and diamonds to
the value of 5200 from her room in a
hotel at 216 Turk street.
On the same night she claims to have
lest two $100 bills, but she frankly, con
fessed that she was so stupefied by
drink that she had no Idea who took
the money. Curses on the rum.
She Identified the jewelry recovered
by Detective Ed Gibson as being her
property. It was also shown that the
various articles had been disposed of
by the two defendants.
About a month ago Mrs. Hang's run
ning mate, also from the snow-draped
summit of the Rockies, had a piano
player arrested for .the larceny of a
diamond ring which he claimed was
piven him In a moment of exhilarated
affection. The charge was dismissed on
the return of the ring. The hearing of
Miller and Harris will be continued to
day. * .
• • •
J. T. Greyson, the son of a wealthy
mining man of Portland, who has been
going the.- pace on a four-flush hand
and was finally arrested on charges of
passing fictitious checks, came before
Judge Mogan yesterday to answer to
a charge of securing real, hard, honest
money in place of a piece of white
paper with a splattering of Ink on it.
Colonel William Pratt, who is known
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.. WEDNESDAY; FEBRUARY 3, 1004.
as the "Megaphone Kid" in pugilistic
circles and as the "blue eyed baby
boy" among his near and dear friends,
is the complaining witness. Pratt
hates a four-fiusher, even when he is
compelled to announce from the ring
side that "the Sausalito Sliver has
Just sent a telegram that he will fight
Jeffries, Corbett and Fitzsimmons in an
ash barrel, all at once, with no time
limit, for a 52 purse and $86,000 on the
side."
' When he found that Greyson had got
him for the real mazuma to the amount
of. 525, he got purple around the neck
and swore out a warrant. The police
have : various other fictitious checks
which* were passed by Greyson. His
hobby is "to buy automobiles with the
splash of a pen, while less industrious
people have to hoard their money for
months merely to rent one for a night.
He was arraigned and his case will un
'dergo a radium-ray examination on
February 8.
• • •
"E. M. Horton, "whose flim-flam joint
at 1118 Dupont street was temporarily
disarranged the other, day by a gentle
man from Nevada, who insisted in
playing large lead bullets from a
yawning gun instead of throwing
fings for an'impossible mixture of nails
and was convicted of discharging fire
arms within the city limits, came be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday to answer
to a charge of- grand larceny by trick
and device. • ,
The complaining witness was H. F.
Seek, who sought and did riot find.
When he went to his home at 226B
Ninth street, he made another search
and found that he was shy 5105 in
American money 'as a result of trying
tt> make ringers with round quoits that
had not been manufactured by the vil
lage blacksmith. '
Together wfoh Horton were two
Frenchmen whom Matthew Arnold, in
his terse English," Would denominate as
"boosters." The money they won on
disputed points, while Seek was seek
ing, w.ould have replenished the gold
deflcl^ in the national treasury at
They were charged with
vagrancy .an* their cases were contin
ued in Judge ? Fritz's court. Judge Ca
banlss will pass on the merits of Hor
ton's case as quickly as he can unwind
his mind from the tangles of the Soeder
trial, which "will be Thursday.
Twenty Japanese, hued like a khaki
uniform, were in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday .for violating the cubic air
tfrdinance. They were dragged out of
a.' couple of rooms on Stevenson street,
in which a ttfey had been packed so
tightly that they could .not "identify
their own feet. "Among them was a
woman, swarthy but complacent.
. During the "hearing the landlord of
the premises appeared to. exercise his
pull "for"? the liberation- of his lodgers.
He was as "well gr»omed as Colonel
Martin Brady and he had a bundle of
excuses * for the lodgers thSt would
have stumbled a "hurdle Jumper. (IThe
'Judge immediately ordered him
custody -with his right hand, while *Tvit&
his left he assessed a" fine of J20, or
tweaty days, on the prisoners. When
the landlord appears t/)-day there will
b'e something coming in his elir^ction
't&at-' cannot be sidestepped.
'Louis Herman, a Mission district boy,
came before Judge Cabanas yesterday
on the charge of carrying concealed
.tteAPonS. 'He appears honest and If
his tvords be true there is really noth
ing to the charge. 0 He claims that in
company with Thomas Powell, proprie
tor of the St. Charles HoJ^! on Elev
enth street, he went Gout' for^ a little
time Monday. Finally they w*ound up
in the barroom of Powell's hotej at an
early hour Tuess3a? s morning, where
Herman says he took a revolver away
fr,bm his companion after two shots
had been fif<*d by Powell. '-
■ The arresting 'officers said that Pow
ell'was so stupefied yesterday morning
that hecoujd "Got appear in court. They
hinted darkly at a possible case of
knockout drops' and attempted robbery;
Und Judge "Cabaniss held the capo over
until to-da.y for investigation. " Her
man .bears. &n fexcer*ionally good char
acter »anS his mother testified that he
"was the besj boy 4n the world," which
is going isomp,, "when one thinks of the
rest of the Juveniles.
EWIXG'S STANDARD OIL
, SC11EME FURTHER EXPOSED
,\V,omcn. Testify That They Invested
Their • Savings In the Company
and Tost Them All.
Judg« de Haven" will charge the Jury
at 11 a. m.. to-day In the case of the
United States vs. William B. Ewing,
indicted for' using the United States
malls for the purpose of defrauding his
correspondents by having them invest
the! r money in the Standard Oil Pro
motion and Investment Company.
Mrs. Annie, E. Guthrie told the jury
yesterday that she had Invested $400
In • the company * on representations
made to her through the malls by the
defendant. All that she got out of the
investment was $1 20. • .
Mrs." Frances E. Graham testified
that she invested $80 and got back $8 07
only. -' ,"• i *
ft was shown further that the com
pany's total deposits at the Germania
Trust Company were $7074 61,' and at
the First National Bank $740, all of
which had been withdrawn except $3 20
in, the Germania Trust Company.
It was shown that the company nev
er had a cent on deposit with the.West
ern National Bank, although that bank
was named in the prospectus as one of
the depositories.
Says Arbitrator Was Unfair.
Richard Keatinge, a contractor, whose
row with the Italian-Swiss Colony over
a cement floor In the colony's wine
cellar was settled by a- board of arbi
tration, filed notice yesterday that on
Friday. February 12, in Judge Sloss*
court he would make a motion to have
the award of the board set aside on
the ground that it had been improp
erly made. He says, one of the mem
bers of ' the board - waj prejudiced
against him. The boar<y consisted of
AVIUiam Peacock, G. Alexander Wright
and W. H. Wilcox.
OMAHA. Ncbr.. Keb. 2. — The referendum
vote, taken by tha national committee „ of the
Socialist party for national rocretary resulted
la the re-election of William Mallly of Boston.
MINT DIRECTOR
NOT IN ERROR
Superintendent Leach Says' No
Ground Exists for Any
Criticism on Recent Report
TELEGRAPHER AT FAULT
Statements That Estimates of
Gold and Silver Production
Are Incorrect Are Refuted
The annual report of the Director of
the United States Mint as to the esti
mated production of gold and sliver of
the country for the calendar year 1903
has given rise to some comment in cer
tain quarters owing to an error that
appeared In the figures.
The error is due to the telegraphic
reports sent out and, in speaking of
the matter last evening, Superintendent
Frank A. Leach of the San Francisco
Mint' said:
A few days ago I noticed in The Call an ar
ticle-in reference to a criticism that had ap
peared in other publications, relating- to the ac
curacy of the preliminary estliAate of - the
Director of the Mint of the gold and silver
production of the United States for the calen
dar year 1803. The accuracy of Director Rob
erta' figure* was questioned by reason of the
apparent mistake In the production of gold
accredited to South Dakota, which was given
in the table of figures as being about one
third of what was anticipated and what it
feally was. Because of this error th» accuracy
of all the other return! was questioned, and
as further evidence that the .figures were un
reliable, the critic called attention to the fact
that the units were given In precise amounts.
In justice to Director Roberts I wish* to call
attention to the original estimate, wherein
Bouth Dakota was credited with $6,869,302
value of gold, whereas the amount given in.
the table sent out by the Associated Press was
$1,000,000 less.. The Associated Press, I air
Informed, sent out a correction of ita error a
few days later, but I have no recollection of
seeing the correction mentioned in any publica
tion on the Pacific Coast. If the critic had
taken the trouble to foot up the column as
published the discrepancy of $4,000,000 would.,
have been apparent.
It has been the custom of the Director of
the Mint for several years to publish for the
benefit of the public a preliminary estimate
Rt th«» clo«e of the calendar year, of the pro
duction of gold and silver j in the United
States, and such figures have alwavs been
Kiven out as/a preliminary estimate. The re
port of the production of precious metals in
the United States Is not published or the cor
rect figures given to the public until some
months afterward, but experience has shown
that when the official statement is made pub
lic the figures very closely agree with those
obtained in making up the preliminary esti
mate.
Superintendent Leach also explained
the system used in the mints by which
data is furnished the director for use
in making up his annual report. 1^
said the entire asold product of the
country finds its .way into the mints
and assay offices .of the United States
and its source is carefully noted.
"The reports of the mints vary but
little Trom the pMsliminary estimate of
Director Roberts," said Superintendent
Leach, "and the fact that the final re
port agrees bo closely with the prelim
inary estimate makes it certain that
the reports of the Director of the Mint
are as accurate as it Is possible to
make th«n."
ALASKA COMPANY MUST
PAY FOR A MAN'S LIFE
United States Court of De
crees That Baldwin's Heirs Shall
Receive $5000.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals decided yesterday that the es
tate of W; D. Baldwin should receive
from the Alaska Commercial Company
$5000 and costs for damages for the loss
of Baldwin's life. Baldwin v/as one of
five men who were drowned near Yu
kutat Bay, Alaska, when the schooner
Dora B was wrecked.
During tht- trial the fact was devel
oped that the defendant contracted to
tow the Dora B from St. Michael to
Lituaia Bay with the defendant's
steamer Bertha, and that when the
tow line parted the defendant aban
doned the schooner to her fate. The
hu*.l of the Dora was found on the
beach several days later, the five mem
bers of her crew that remained on
board having been drowned. ,
It Is expected that the heirs of the
four remaining members of the crew
will Institute suits for damages agaist
the company, they having been await
ing the outcome of this case.
Consents to Transfer School Lot.
The Board of Education yesterday
notified the Board of Supervisors that
It will consent to the transfer of a
school lot on Kentucky street, near
Twentieth, to the Police Department,
to be used as a site for the Potrero
police station.
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS. ■
©©©©©©•o©«e«ffloo®©9©©oo©e©ea©ao©«o«od«©ooc»»o©©o«oooo©ooo©ooooooe©©oo
oeo©o9eo««ee©9«Goee9©6e9ee©©Q99©eeeo©eo©e©oo0©e©eoo©9aoeo©ooeo©©©ooo
So • ■ oe
jj "ASI Done Out" jj
JJ Never know what it is to be restful with a ,kJ\ f^^tvN^^^rS^/ SS
5e constant aching back. You are "all done out" v^m^i^^^^mnH oo
%% all the time— morning, noon and night the back A^^K^^ff^^^^w So
•• bothers you— sometimes with sharp shooting fe^^SSisKS^^^^SBM 1 SS
SS pains, sometimes with slow exhaustive aches. SS
SS Why don't you rid yourself of that "bad &•
•• back"? The sure way is to reach the cause— V^fl^^^^^^^^llv SS
#S the kidneys. Doan's Kidney Pills cure every "
JJ form of kidney ill from backache to diabetes, Yim ff'MipUW/^m^ %%
o© dropsy, all urinary and bladder disorders *^sP^fI f'firHt e ®
SS down to that dread destroyer Bright's disease, rtj^gf rL-L^i \ 85
•• The best of proof that this is so. * BH^^ < **^ > " ' l * JJ
8- A Trial Freeff^" '■' ■■■-■•■■■iii~=i=rr gs
:| to sanWisco can San Francisco Proof II
oo Readers. : o©
■••■ ■- "- ' -•■ i:i ■ ■ ■•' - v- :....... .777". r. T, : S #
• • , i ,*■ ., ==jj . ■*.'•• •/.•*••••••"••!-*♦•••• " " ss^.s s ....it t g j
•• j$?*&&kL.iDQ&ri& Captain N. Nason, retired, of 3528 Twenty-second ©©■
®* n^Lv^^^ street, says: "I am not certain whether a fall I met with 99
S3 lllwSJ PiUs, some seven years ago was the primary cause of my backache SS
©)•: '^^f or not; but I noticed from then oh I was subject to attacks. JJ
99) vwnrnmaS^ Knowing that my kidneys were either sluggish or overexcited ••
JJ N ,* MC ; — ' . ' : ■ : — ~ it struck me if Doan's Kidney Pills were for those organs* ©3
S3 P ' ° " — " """•""*' ' ~~~ alone they might help me to tide over a rather severe attack of S3
•OV s 7 A T g . — —— backache, and I took a course of the treatment. It stopped •?'
©)O ■ ' For free total box, mail this eonpou to , . 7 . • ' t ' 'it t_ t ' j a - i r\ t rr' 1 " •
•• 7<^ t x^2 c^ 1 wrS8 W sJ*£s on^* t« e aching. I will be pleased to recommend Doan s Kidney ••
JJ ' £»""»• *-■ '*"**' ' Pills when opportunities; present' themselves." 55
SS«©©©©««o«c«©6oe©a©«©o©©o0eo©«©©ee9O»©ca©o©©9dd©«0oe0«e©©e3©e®©8©oc»
STATE LIBRARIES MEET
WITH UNUSUAL SUCCESS
California Association Does Much to Promote In
terest of Plan for Free Education — Membership
Is Rapidly Increasing and Outlook Is Bright
The Library Association of California
is the only body in this State organized
for the special purpose of fostering
general interest in public libraries and
of promoting their welfare. Its mem
bership is composed of librarians,
library trustees and others who are en
gaged In allied educational work. This
association is now endeavoring to en
large its membership and its useful
ness.
From time to time It will publish bul
letins of professional value and also
some of the papers .read at the associa
tion meetings, and through its advisory
committee will furnish suggestions and
advice to new libraries and others
needing assistance. Joy Lichtenstein,
assistant librarian of the San Francis
co Public. Library, is the president of
the association and Margaret A.
Schmidt, librarian of the North Beach
Branch Library, is its secretary. Such
helpfulness in .the organization and
management of the small libraries of
the State Is greatly needed.
A score of similar organizations In
different States of the Union are doing
excellent work tn raising the Ideals of
the public library system. Mill Valley
has ..lust finished a neiv room In the
schoolhouse for a school library and
reading-room. The library w«l be well
supplied with v reference works. The
question arises, "Why should not Mill
Valley organize and maintain a free
public library under the provisions of
the general library law of the State?
Mill Valley has an assessed valuation
of three-quarters of a million dollars,
is not burdened with oppressive debt
and is rapidly growing.
Nearly every public library In the
State has grown from humble begin
nings. In San Juan, San Benlto Coun
ty, a little HbraryQstarte^F in 1896 has
gradually acquired 2000 volumes. Its
history is like that of other libraries,
of progress made under discourage
ment and many difficulties. The so
ciety which supports the library and
reading room is hopeful of better days
for the institution.
The City(_Trustees of San Mateo have
recently decided to turn over the. large
hall belonging to the city to the board
of library trustees for library purposes,
the present library qjuarters being
cramped and generally undesirable. It
will, however, be necessary to raise
$2000 by popular subscription for the
library equipment for the hall.
San Luis Oblspo has -secured a site
for its new Carnegie library building,
the lot fronting 74 feet On Monterey
f^reet and 114 feet on Broad street, and
fcfie library board now invites competi
tive plans for the building. The design
calls for a one-story, building with
basement. The main floor Is to have a
general reading, room, librarian's room
to be used also by the trustees and a
stack room which will accommodate
12,000 volumes. In the basement are to
be a janitor's room, rooms for storage,
fuel and bicycles, besides a dumb
waiter to the main floor. The total
cost must not exceed 59000, the gift be
ing $10,000.
Andrew Carnegie has not been able
till of late to bestow any gifts for
library buildings upon the cities of
Oregon. The State of Oregon had
no general library law permitting suf
ficient taxation for public library pur
poses until a, few months ago, and
therefore not a city in the State could
meet Mr. Carnegie's requirements for
the annual maintenance of a library.
The new legislation permits every city,
unless hampered by charter restric
tions, to appropriate any amount for
library support which the city au
thorities desire. Eugene, the seat of
the State. University, Is one of the first
places in Oregon to receive an offer
from Mr. Carnegie of a gift of $10,000.
The proposition is now before the City
Council.
The second report of Portland, Or.,
free library was made January 20. . It
shows a marked growth in the useful
ness of the library. The total circula
tion of books for the year was 145,000.
Owing to the limitation in the new
charter of Portland allowing but one
flfth of a mill on the dollar tax on city
property for library uses it lias been
necessary for the library to avail Itself
of the new law allowing a county tax
for library support. "Under this pro-
vision a number of traveling libraries
have been sent to places in the county
outside of Portland city limits. Books
have been* loaned from the library
to various educational institutions
throughout the State. The reference
department of the library has been so
much crowded that additional space IS
required immediately. • *-_
No department has been. more suc
cessful than the children's, where there
seems to be unbounded prospect of in
fluence among the 12,000 school children
of Portland. The story-telling .hoar
conducted by Miss Hassler, one, of the
children's librarians, proves to be one
of the greatest attractions of the week.
The chief librarian. Miss Mary F.
Isom, lays special stress upon the need
of a State organization to carry on hi
Oregon the. general work performed in,
many* States by library commissions,
such as establishing new libraries, en
couraging others already started and
furnishing information that is con
stantly needed by all but the largest
libraries. . . 0
Montana, that State of magnificent
distances, is having continued reason
to bo glad. of the freedom with whlcti
Mr. Carnegie disburses his mo.ney.
Bozeman, a flourishing town ea'st o$
Helena, has Just opened its new Car
negie library. A good public
had been maintained in Bozeman for a'
number of years, but the rooms were*
small and inconvenient and the rental,
paid cut into the income seriously.
Every addition to the number of such
library homes Is a standing impulse to
the cause of popular education. ; .
In earlier, days the average circulat
ing library possessed only a plain
room where books were stored, loaned
and returned. Nothing more was- done
for the public. The, library -equipment
of to-day is based upon the idea of at
tractiveness. Open access to the.
shelves, abundant * light, # tables arrd
chairs for readers, refere'nee rooms for'
study and research, children's rooms
where the little folks may have their
own magazines and books with special
attendants and large general reading'
rooms, decorated with engravings;
paintings and statuary— all these feat
ures speak of 'the higher ideals gained
in what is sometrmes termed the peo-.
pie's university. And now comes the"
endowed, library. "Wealth, supplemented
by taste and breadth of purpose, pro
vides means by which the physical, so
cial, musical and literary wants of a
community 0 may be ministered to
through one organization. An illustra-'
tion of this type may be seen in -.the
Carnegie free library at Braddock. Pa.
The city of Braddock has a; population
of 16,000," made up of workers in the,
great steel concerns of that region.
The library in that city Is the first one
ever built by Mr. Carnegie and has
been liberally endowed by him. This
endowment is sufficient to maintain a
library of 27,000 volumes, with all de
sirable appointments of reference and
Juvenile rooms, absolutely free to every
one, as not a dollar is received from
taxation.
Under the same roof and the same
management and supported in like
manner is the Carnegie Club, composed
of different classes of boys, men and
women. It is thought .best to require
from them the payment of a small fee,
varying from 50 cents to 52 per quarter
for the privileges of the club, though
but $1 per quarter is paid by the men
of the steel works.
These payments allow the unlimited
use, within reasonable limits, of a gym
nasium, swimming 1 pool and baths,
bowling alleys, billiards, clubroom sup
plied with games, magazines and
books, and also provide for tennis
courts and ball teams.
In the auditorium, with its 1200 opera
chairs and fine concert organ, courses
of lectures and concerts are given from
October to April, on which no expense
is spared. Season tickets to these en
tertainments cost but a dollar. A fine
band of fifty pieces gives frequent con
certs. Free organ recitals are given
twice a month by an accomplished or
ganist. A choral society is conducted
by the qrganlst without charge. It Is
intended to organize a children's chor
us. A dramatic club gives several plays
each season. Greater use and increas
ing satisfaction mark each year of the
life of the institution.
WILLIAM P. KIMBALL.
e ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
, GIVE YOUR STOMACH
V* ;,- A MCE VACATION*
Don't Da: It by Starving; It Either.
° Let a Substitute Do the Work.
■The old adage, "All work and no
play makes Jack a dull boy," applies
just as well to the stomach, one of the
most Important organs of the human
system, as it does to the man himself.
If your stomach Is worn out and
rebels against being further taxed be-
yond Its limit, the only sensible thing
you can' do is to give it a rest. Em-
ploy a substitute for a short time and
see if it will not more than repay you
in= results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a
willing and most efficient substitute.
They themselves digest every bit of
; food in the stomach in just the same
! way that the stomach itself would
were it well. ' They contain all the es-
sential elements' that the gastric Juice
and' other digestive fluids of the
( stomach, contain and actually act Just
the same and do Just the same work as
the natural fluids would do, were the
stomach well and sound. They there-
fore relieve the stomach, Just as on*
workman relieves another, and permit
It to rest and recuperate and regain its
normal health and strength.
This "vacation" idea was suggested
by the letter et a prominent lawyer in
: Chicago." Read what he says: "I was
! engaged in the most momentous un-
dertaking of my life In bringing about
the coalition of certain great Interests
that meant much to me as well as my
clients. It was not the work of days,
but of months; I was working night
and day almost, ,when at a very critical
time my stomach went 1 clear back on
me. The undue mental strain brought
It about and' hurried up what would
have happened later on.
. "What I ate. I had to literally forca
down and that was a source of misery,
as -I' had a sour stomach much of the
time. My head ached, I was sluggish
and began to lose my ambition to
carry out my undertaking:, p It looked
! pretty gloomy for me and I confided
my plight to one of my clients. He.
had been cured by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and at once went down to a
drug store and brought a box up to
j the office. • ' * ■>'
"I had. not taken* a quarter of that
box before I found that they would do
all- the- work m^ stomach ever did;
and' as a rest or. vacation was out of
the question for .me, I determined to
givfe my stomach* a vacation. I kept
right on taking the tabletT and braced
ui» and wen't ahead with my work with
renewed vigor, 1 ate Just as much as I
ever, did and carried out that under-
taking to a successful issue. I feel
that I have Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
to .thank for saving me the handsomest
fee- 1 ever received, as well as my repu-
tation, and, last' but not least, my
stomach."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
ftQiM*
tOAITE*S!ZE8 QBARTEI IAIH
I __, . CLUETT. PCABODY * CO.
Kaxen of duett *ad Monarch Shixtt
ASTHMANOLA
Is tha only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at C98 HAIGHT ST.
San Francisco. CaL
OCEAN TEAVEL.
■ ' ■ ■ .■■■__. r ,
e Steamers !eav» San Fraa.
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. WranKal.
Juneau, Halnes. Skaguay,
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Feb.
5. 10. 15. 20. 25. Mar. 1.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
' For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. in.. Feb. 5.
10. 15. 20. 25. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N".
Ry.; at* Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV- Pomona. 1:39
p. m.. Feb. 4, 10. 16, 22. 28. Mar. 5. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Feb. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Dle^o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa Sundays, 9 a. in.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ilarford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura «nd Huenem*.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Feb. 5. 13. 21. 29. Mar. S.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Feb. 0. 17. 25. March 4.
For Knsenada. Magrdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayraas (Mex.). . 10 a. m.. 7th each
montk. For further Information obtain folder.
Right la, reserved to ehango steamers or sail-
n TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palaca Hotel). 10 Market »t. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C D DCXANN. General Pa*s«nger Agent.
* 10 Market street. San Francisco.
The- Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.
will call for and check bacx»s« from hotsls
and residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O.-R. & N. OO.
Oregon sails. Jan. 28, Feb. 7. 17. 27. M*rcji
9 19 and 29. S. 8. Oregon Is temoorartly ta
service Instead of tha Columbia. Gaonra W.
Elder utlt Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22, March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
UIND OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all colntj Eart. Through tickets to all
points, all r«U or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATE**. Steamer tickets Include b«rta
and meals. Steamer »all* foot of Stwar et. at
11 a m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pasa. Dept.
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. G«a. Aft.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORTEXTAL STEAMSHIP CO)
Steamers will leav« wharf, corner £»"" *?«
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling «t Kobe (Hlogo), Nsga*
sakl and Shansrhal, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc No cargo
received on board th« day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For fr«lght and passage apply at Com-
pany, 1
flceanlc$.sxo. ss&SSIs
VWVUlliV<7»V»VV« 0||IC , x)jU „ umxu
sT 8. MARIPOSA7"for" Tahiti. Feb. 11. Una.
S "S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. U. 2 p. m.
g «? *LAMEDA. for Honolnhi. Feb. 20. 11 a.o.
ii's?!£EIEl!te2:S.SL»«A.Tttrt3 1 T3,M31srtjja
C0XFASHX2 GXXX&ALI TRA53ATL15TW5.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAWS. **&.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 *. ra.. from Pier 42. ZS&EB&
North RJver. foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S-c-
ond class to Havre. S45 and upward. GE.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR "UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlr"»>;« ncAA by all Railroad TVket Agents-
Mare Island and "Vallejo Stetamers.
feteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
8:45 a. m.. 3:15'and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday, 9.45 a..nr. S:30 p. m. Leav* Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 ami 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. TeL
Main 1306. Pier 3. Wsslon-st. dock, HATCH
BROS.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
"Ensemble Playing."
.
the
i.lent ran have
n the r>ursuit lucation.
it familiarizes him
with musk that he \v< uid
INSTRUMENTS COMPOSING
STRING QUARTET.
know absolutely nothing about, ana in
the second place it sharpens his wits
wonderfully to be obliged to keep in
touch musically with two or perhaps
three persons at the same moment.
The term "ensemble"- means," as the
pupil probably knows, "together," and
literally duets come under this head,
but the generally accepted meaning <?f
"ensemble" playing refers ' to trios,
quartets and quintets, and this is the
kind of music to which I shall devote
our lesson to-day.
Some, of the most beautiful music
ever composed was? written in trio, and
much Orchestral music has been 'rear
ranged for the purpose of being played
in this way. so there is realTy no end
to the beautiful things one may find in
tVi^s' If inA nf rpsp.i'ph. - * •
* • •
Let the midem gather about him a
little circle of congenial musical friends,
and if possible let there be among
the number at least one who plays the
violin and one who plays the
violin-cello. If he can number among
his friends some one who plays the
double bass and some one who plays
tb« organ, he is lucky indeed, and the
prospect of great musical enjoyment
opens wide before him.
In order to acquire the best results,
regularity is as necessary in this sort
of playing as in any other. Therefore,
let him organize a little club, of which
i he avowed ¦ purpose is music reading
«nd study. - Let the members meet
once a week regularly, and if they are
moved to "study ui>" their parts by
themselves during the week, so much
the better for every one.
Tir- <:dinar> string quartet is
CORRECT POSITION IN
PLAYING DUETS.
made up of a violin, second violin, viola
and viollncello. The first violin repre
sents the soprano, second violin the
a; to, viola the tenor and violincello the
bass voice. This is the true and per
fect form of ensemble music. It is
cftcn difficult though to set together
people who play, even a little, on these
instruments, ¦ among one's personal
friends, and a trio, composed of piano,
viclin and organ will be found an ideal
combination.
An ordinary little reed organ (al
though its tone may not be particu^
lurly good, when heard alone) will,
if in tune, be found to harmonise., ex
cellently with a piano and violin and
the Jack of richness in the tone of the
orgran will not be noticed when the In
struments are all played in unison.
The organ is, in fact, a very great ad
dition, as it lends body and substance
to the whole and takes the place of
a cello, or "double bass." It is 'most
necessary, however, that piano and
organ be pitched on the same key,;
for quite often there is a variation of
a whole tone between the two instru
ments, and if two people attempt to
pl3y together under such circum
stances the result ls most disastrous.
The organ and piano should stand
as near each other as possible, in the
room where the musicales are to be
held, and as soon as they are in place
some one should strike "middle C"
on the piano, while at the same time
come ■ one else tried "middle C" on
the organ. If they are not in perfect
accord a piano tuner must be sent
for at once and the organ tuned up,
or down, as the case may be, to suit
the demands of the piano. A little
reed organ is easily moved and one
can be hired without any trouble —
can even be rented for the whole win
ter at a very email cost.
• In case there is no one in the com
pany competent to play the organ our
pupil can resign his place at the piano
(letting some one else take the piano)
and without any trouble play the sim
ple organ parts as they come in the
triop, if he Ls careful to study out the
marks that indicate the "stops" he is
to use. His training in legato playing
will stand him In good stead here, and
if he remembers not to "overlap" his
tones and yet at the same time to hold
one note down until the moment that
he strikes the next note, he will have
no trouble, I am sure. It will be nec
essary for him, h'owever, if he is not
familiar with the organ to notice the
marks of the "stops" (registration
marks, they are called), as they ap
pear on the part of the music intend
ed for the organ and to give some lit—
tie time in studying them all out by
himself, for when he is playing' in the
trio he must not hinder matters by
waiting to figure " out which "stop"
coraeg next.
• • •
Of course, the pupil understands
that I do not mean by what I have
said above that he would be qualified
to play the pipe organ or, in fact, any
organ, to any great extent, and cer
tainly not in solo form, without some
personal instruction in regard to reg
istration and/?o forth, but my meaning
is this: An 'Ordinarily intelligent per
son, adult or child, will, after having
studied the course I have given in
these lessons, be able to apply his
knowledge to the reed organ In such
a way that with very little work on
his own part,- or with some one to
spend a single half hour with him, to
explain a little about the most import
ant things connected with the mech
anism of the organ, he will be able
to play this instrument, very accepta
bly (both to himself and his hearers)
in conjunction with the other instru
ments comprising the trio. :
I have brought in the matter of the
organ rJght" here because it is such
a very great addition in the playing of
ensemble music. The student can
have no idea of the beauty in the
combination of the three instruments
— violin, piano and organ — until he
CORRECT RELATIVE POSI
TION IN ENSEMBLE PLAY
ING—PIANO, VIOLIN AND
ORGAN.
has heard them together, and the de
light of being a part of that, trio is'
gomething which, when one has ex
perienced it, is not likely to be for
gotten.
To return to the music cfub as a
whole. Let the members always choose
good music. Not difficult music, at first
— the easier the better, until -the per
formers become accustomed to playing
together; but let the music be always
something that is worth while, and let
It be chosen from the different masters,
so that the players may become famil
iar with all styles. Haydn is the great
est model for the string quartet (the
piano or organ can always play the
fourth part in the quartet, if preferred).
Mozart, Beethoven, Spohr, Mendels
si.-hn, Schumann and Schubert have
all written exauisite quartets, quintets
and trios, and there are other more
modern writers.^too numerous to-men
tion.
' Let the choosing of the music fail
to the member of the club who is,
musically, the most well read, and let
him* always seek to find the music that
is most elevating and inspiring, for the
broadening process must go on in this,
as in all other forms of musical educa
tion.
Each member of the trio (or quartet,
as the case may be) must be as con
scientious in his part of the perform
ance as if he were playing a solo. He
must try to grasp the idea of the com
poser, must heed all the marks of
phrasing, and must do his 'part toward
welding together a perfect whole from
the three separate parts. Unless each
member does this conscientiously and
refrains from trying to make a solo of
his own particular part, the trio will
be the expression of three separate and
antagonistic minds, instead of the rep
resentation of one mind, as it should be.
In "ensemble" playing every one must
count! Not aloud, of course, but each
to himself must keep strict time, and,
in trying a piece of music for the first
time it will^do no harm for one member
of the Irio to count aloud, until , all
three fairly get the swing of the music.
" \The Second — When your first wife
was dying you promised her you never
would drink again: He- — Yes, I know;
but when I told her that I thought I
was going to die, too. — Boston Tran
script.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. : CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1904.
TtiE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL,
JOHN,D. SPRECKELS, Prnprietor .... .... . . Address All Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
i ~ ... .1 * ■ ' -■■*-■■ i ___ ■ - ..--'•
Publication Office <J^^^^w> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY ..!.. .........FEBRUARY 3, 1904
CALIFORNIA'S ATTITUDE.
THE political prophets, seers and revelators are
busy juggling with a vote not yet cast, in order to
figure out and figure in a national administration.
We have seen some of these prophecies that put Cali
fornia in .the doubtful column and some that set it
against President Roosevelt, 'It is even said thafsome
Republicans here have volunteered the .statement that
this State is against the President, and will be so mani
fested when it sends its national delegation.
For the satisfaction of outsiders, and for the informa
tion of some in the State, it is well to explain why Cal
ifornia is for President Roosevelt and will give him the
biggest majority in its history. Irf the first place, leav
ing out all questions of public policy, the President is
personally popular here. His vigorous sympathy with
all tilings human, and his keen appreciation of California
as a peculiar and exceptional region* where- beauty and
utility combine as nowhere else, have seated him in the
affection and good will of our people. Then there are
thousands here who like him for the enemies he has
made, to reapply General Bragg's famous epigram.
But above all merely personal reasons, California
supports the President because we need him'uf our busi
ness. After a long period of inattention, delay or in
difference.'such of our material needs as may be met by
the distant administration of Federal affairs are getting
retention, and we are prospering. No sensible man can
name a single particular in which California can be bene
fited by a change of Presidents, but any observant man
can see many ways in which such change now would
work our injury.
After a fight that has been so long that those who be
gan it are dead, we are brought near the realization of
California's dream of an isthmian canal. It is within pur
grasp. President Roosevelt has brought it there. His
prompt and vigorous action has cut through all the knots
tied in the proposition by the railroads and by the cu
pidity and villainy of Colombia. His determination to
have the canal is one cause of the virulent opposition to
him of the combinations of capital which have interests
in rival transportation. He has so far triumphed over
his personal and his political enemies, and has gone, with
purpose and energy both magnificent, straight toward
accomplishing his purpose. For this he is accused of be
ing a Hotspur, of having too great speed, of giving too
little consideration to obstacles. . :. V
Does any one believe that we will get a canal if he is
displaced and his accusers get into power? We have seen
in the hundred and fifty years that the world has been
discussing the canal how easily it is obstructed, and how
unforeseen the obstacles imposed by those who oppose it.
It must be built by a President who acts quickly in emer
gencies, and sets a face of flint against impediments. The
canal cannot be dug with a boiled carrot, nor the ob
stacles removed with a lace fan.
The situation for California is serious, and the State
appreciates it. The stake is so great as to justify every
thinking man here, jregardless of his politics, in/voting
for President Roosevelt, and our convictions on the sub
ject are so definite and strong that we believe he will get
the greatest majority ever cast in California. , :
Our people don't want to stand and mark time. They
want to go forward. They want every resource of the
State put in commission. They want every avenue to the
world's markets opened to their surplus. They see the
key in the President's hand and they want it there,
where there has been shown the courage and capacity to
use it.
Properly qualified authorities of Germany have decided
lifter due deliberation that while the red necktie is not
revolutionary or reactionary it certainly is undignified
as an adornment to any learned professor who may so
far forget himself as to wear it. The judges are to be
commended for their mildness and discretion. A red
necktie when worn by anybody except a pugilist is posi
tively an incentive to crime. •
BRITISH ARMY REORGANIZATION.
THE Royal Commission authorized by the Govern
ment of Great Britain to make investigations into
the conduct of the War Office and submit their ad
vice upon the question of a reorganization has exceeded
even the hooes of Chamberlain and reported back a
scheme for radical change. When their plans for army
reorganization are authorized by Parliament; and the
Conservative strength is fufficient to bring such action
about, the office of commander-in-chicf of the army will
be abolished and an army council, framed upon the Ad
miralty model, will take the high place of authority. A
new office of inspector-general will be created, whose
tenure shall be five years and whose duties will be
strictly those of reporting upon actual facts concerning
the efficiency of the military service. The Secretary of
State for War is to be elevated to the same degree of au
thority as that enjoyed by the First Lord of the Admir
alty and made responsible directly to Parliament.
The promulgation of such a radical change in British
army administration by the Conservative Government
has a remarkable significance.'' The constitution! of the
army council aims at nothing else than^dccentralization
and the separation of the administrative 'and the execu
tive heads in the conduct of the War Office. That it is
intended to be a complete break from the old order of
things is patent both from the nature of the changes
recommended and from the very significant- passage from
the report which says: "New measures i demand new
men; we therefore attach special importance to the ap
pointment of military members not too closely con
nected with existing methods,, and who,; therefore, are
not likely to be embarrassed by the traditions of a sys
tem which is to be, radically- changed."
When the South African War Commission had sub
mitted its unsavory report of scandals in .the army ad
ministration of that time, Chamberlain was credited with
the announcement "that .the Government would not dis
solve until the lessons of the South African War Com
mission's report had been applied and the War Office re
organized." The report of this Royal Commission is de
signed, then/as a vindication of the existing Government
from the palpable weaknesses- of -.war • administration
which were brought out bythe investigations of theWar
Commission last fall.. Furthermore, War Office reform
is at present time, excellent material for electioneering
purposes. Our embalmed' beef "scandals had nothing of
the material, for political handling that the South Afri
can war scandals possess. *"'.'* ''« -": >■} / '' ' ••-••• — ;
The zeal of the Government, to revolutionize the War
Office may not be taken as wholly. ingenuous; It will.be
remembered ' that the investigations of the South> Afri
can War Commission-showed that there was" a woeful
lack of co-ordination between the ..diplomatic doings . of
rhe Government and the movements of the War Office.
Sir William Butler, who had been stationed at the head
of a division in South Africa just prior to the breaking
out of hostilities, testified that his unceasing warnings to
the home government to respect the strength-of the
Boers drew only a sharp reproof, and a hint that he was
to tend to his own knitting.' When Sir j Redvers Buller
was appointed to the command in South Africa before
the opening of the war the only way that he learned of
the acute stage reached in negotiations with Kruger was
through a chance remark by Lord Salisbury.
. From all the facts of the case it appears that the
change advised by the Royal Commission cannot be con
strued into an affront to Lord Roberts, the present com
mander-in-chief. He must simply'bend to the institution
of a new order of things, which has come to supplant the
old and manifestly incompetent administration.
An edict has gone forth that foreigners are not wanted
in Macedonia', the land of buncombe and brigandage, of
the misguided missionary and the artful bandit. It- is a
matter of regret that the Macedonians did not go a step
further and order, foreigners out of the country. We
might then have been able to curb the pernicious sphere
of activity of some of our people who are never happy
until they are interfering in somebody else's business.
A HORROR SERMON.
THE Iroquois Theater fire, which, under the most
awful circumstances, destroyed nearly six hundred
people, a majority of them women and children, is
taken for a text by Rev. Dr% Parkhurst of New York. If
anything could add to. the gloomy horror of the calamity,
this sermon has done it. He said: "The fire that burned
those six hundred people was God's fire. Fire is one of
the ways by which he works. God is love, but that is
not all there is- of him. He is a loving father, but not a
doting old grandfather. 'He is enough of a God to' have
some'respect for himself. We hear so much about God's
love, so 1 much I mean that is said in a one-sided way,
that we come to consider, by and by, that God is noth
ing but a mush of concession; that his fondness for peo
ple has melted out of his character all respect for'him
self. With such a light thrown upon a certain side of
God's character as is shown by disasters like the one we
have been contemplating, I am sure we arc all of us tak
ing things too easily. The people who went to that the
ater were taking things too easily. The result shows
that." . ., ". •
Is there any wonder that people do not go to church
if that is held to be doctrine? The falling off in church
attendance and the spirit of indifference to the pulpit
message began when the reason of man traced the prin
ciples of justice as. they exist in the creation back to the
Creator, and took out of the idea of a supreme being the
savagery which it had inherited from idolatry. It dawned
upon men that cruelty and torture which no human
father would inflict upon his children for any possible
transgression couy not be visited upon man by a wise
Creator, leavingoiit the element of affection.
It :is -not . strange that we read with horror' of the.
slaughter of their subjects by African ruler3, who wan
tonly, and for their pleasure, and to enforce respect for
rtheir power, have men and women slain in their presence,
until their campoody is a shambles. But is the attribute
W the God of the. Christians given to him by Dr. Park
hurst deserving of any more respect than that of the
African, ruler?
Supposed to have power over the human heart, why
not instruct it against theater going, if that be wrong,
and not wait until hundreds are crowded together and
then burn them, to indicate the divine self-respect? If a
human father manifested his self-respect by burning .his
children,, he would be called a monster and hanged.
Does any preacher hope to arouse and sustain an inter
est in the church by representing God 'to be a monster,
surpassing any human criminal that was ever brought to
bar?
In the eruption of Mount Pelee, thousands of devout
people were destroyed while humbly worshiping in
church, for it was a holy day. To what would Dr. Park
hurst ascribe their destruction? Was that also a willful
reminder of the divine self-respect? Or was^it for the
purpose of showing that^the Creator is not "a mush of
concession"? If r he use fire in a theater to destroy those
who think he is "a doting old grandfather," could he
not restrain the elements which kill his devotees in a
church while at worship? If not, there appears another
divine attribute, in the form of entire indifference to
those who obey him, associated, with such intense hatred
of those, who disobey that it can be satisfied only by
burning them to death.
It is pitiful that the church should destroy its useful
ness and abdicate its high mission by such preaching.
When people go to church in crowds to hear the preach
er extol the virtues of a man who tortures his children
to, death by fire, they will go in crowds to be told of a
God who does the same thing.*
The House of Representatives was visibly agitated a
few days since by the assertion that American green
backs have become nests for innumerable 'deadly germs;
because of the. indiscriminate circulation of the currency
among the inhabitants of our insular possessions. If
Congress is looking for a remedy just circulate the paper
at home, and we will warrant that' it will travel fast
enough to kill everything in or on'the fiber. We will
make thiqgs fly wherever the greenbacks are.
The officers of the Board of Trade have rendered their
annual reports, which bristle with enthusiasm for. the
commercial success of San Francisco for the past year
and hold forth glittering promises and prospects of
greater triumphs for the year now passing. And the best
of thiem all is that we are mounting to prosperity and
great community wealth not upon the failures of others
but by our own energies and well directed activities.
The Thibetans, offending no one, threatening no on»
and^ublimely innocent of any thought of molesting any
one beyond 'the borders of their own dominions, are
greatly incensed at the British invasion and the insolent
arrogance of : British invaders of Thibet. We will prob
ably; soon read of glorious British victories, but nothing
of;the gigantic crimes of a national thief in this country
)ofithe";Far East.?
William** Jennings Bryan, it is announced, is losing
caste in the home of hrs friends and is as a prophet de
spised by those that know him best. Slowly the thought
must be- sinking into William's,, inner consciousness that
if he, had; tried formless he' might have obtained more.
Our Democratic -friends are very susceptible to inertia
in forming opinions or in changing them.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Such Is Greatness.
He had been on the force but a week
and In consequence had a proper sense
of the Importance of his position. Woe
betide the unlucky <-ltlzen who dis
obeyed his sharply and pompously ut
tered "Move cm." "A record I will make
in a week" was the one thought that
possessed the bluecoat. "My worth
shall be recognized."
Upon the corner of Market and Ma
son streets he spotted a little knot of
citizens, evidently from Slskiyou Coun
ty, engaged in admiring the beauties
of the Phelan statue. "Out of this;
keep a-movlng, you haymakers," he
cried, and the knot of art admirers
moved. "Out of this."" he again cried
a few minutes later to another crowd
that had gathered to admire a display
in a haberdasher's window; "don't
block the sidewalk."
"It's great to be a cop," he solilo
quized, gayly swinging his long club.
"There is no man better than a good
one." Then with chest expanded to Its
utmost limits he strode over to where
two men were standing In earnest con
versation. "Keep a-moving. there,
you,", said the new officer, prodding
both of the men sharply in the back
with his club.
Now he is out in the fog of the West
ern Addition, patrolling long quiet
streets, with nc-ne tu disturb, him or
interrupt his cogitations on the sub
ject of greatness. One of the men he
had prodded was Pplice Commissioner
Equine Wisdom.
A well-known physician In the Mis
sion who died recently had a passionate
love for clams. Every afternoon after
finishing his calls upon his patients he
would drive to a saloon on tha way
home and partake of a dish of the
bivalves and a glass of beer, believing
that the refreshment gave him an ap
petite for his dinner. There was. a
watering trough In front of ths saloon
and his horse would slake its thirst
while its master was within getting up
an appetite.
When a young physician succeeded to
the old doctor's practice after his death
It puzzled him greatly that the horse
every afternoon between 5 and 6 o'clock
would make for the same saloon and
whippings and checkings had no' effect
In deterring it from its purpose. It
would slake its thirst at the watering
trough, wait patiently for a few min
utes and then willingly start for home.
One afternoon the saloon-keeper came
out during this" performance. '"Say,
doc." said he, "why don't you come in
and have a glass of beer and some
clams, like the old man used to do?"
The mysterious conduct of the horse
was thus suddenly explained. Its nev/
owner took the earliest opportunity of
selling it and buying one that knew
nothing of the old doctor's love for
clams and beer.
A Stitcli in Time.
"Is this where one swears to a war
rant for the arrest of an Insane per
son?" he asked the clerk of the Lunacy
Commission.
"It is," replied the clerk, pulling out
of a cabinet an official looking blank.
"Want one?"
"Yes," was the response of the visitor.
He raised his right hand and swore to
a statement that to the best of his
knowledge and belief one George Wil
liams was not possessed of his senses.
He gave the address of Williams, the
names of his relatives and other data
required by the clerk.
"What's your name?" asked the clerk
when the warrant had been completed
and was ready for the signature of the
one making the accusation.
"George Williams," responded the
"Any relation?" asked the clerk.
* "I am the man," was. the surprising
answer given to - the clerk's query.
"About every three years I get 'looney'
and have to be 'sent up* for a few
months. Which cell will I take?"
An hour later he was a raving
maniac. V V' .?? ■'•',
Alameda County Pleased.
As evidence that The Call's policy of
giving full recognition to Alameda
County news In its regular edition Is
received with appreciation by the pa
pers acrcss the bay, we are pleased to
read the following from the Niles Her
ald:
"In the effort to belittle the east side
of the bay in the hope of building up
the west side, the San Francisco dailies
have for years been in the habit of is
suing two editions, one- with a subur
ban page for circulation in Alameda
County, and another, with it left out
for general circulation. In this way
one away from home buying a paper
never received a line of Alameda Coun
ty news.
"All efforts of Oaklanders to stop this
practice had failed, but now comes the
new management of the San Francisco
Call and does entirely away with the
change. Every paper of The Call for
any given day contains exactly the
same matter, and Alameda County
date lines will be read wherever the pa
per is read hereafter. Of course the
change will be adopted by the others in
self-defense, but The Call deserves the
credit : and whatever financial gain
there ls for the course it has taken'."
Life, the Harp.
Thou instrument of many strings
For men to play on, slaves and kings,
Let me- but keep thee. life, in tune.
That fall what may. by night or noon.
Still in the heart shall sing for' me
One clear and constant melody.
Too oft the clamor and- the strife
Of living quench the notes of life: •
Too oft they lose their customed way,
In alien sequences to stray.
Yet. ever stealing back they fall A-t-
Into the cadence sought through all.
Then grief and gladness, love and pain
Blend all their harmonies again:
The heavens. uplift a shining arch
Spacious above the soul's brave march:
If I but keep thee. night and noon.
Ever and truly, life, in tune —
Strange instrument of many strings
For slaves to play on. and for kings.
— Atlantic Monthly.
Economy.
William Archer, in the Fortnightly
Review," tells an amusing story of the
economy practiced and necessary in
the early days of the Norwegian
Theater at Bergen. It was in 1849,
when Ibsen and Bjornson were creat
ing the national drama. A lady had
been engaged for the part of "second
old woman" when it was discovered
that her elocutionary powers were im
paired by the fact that she^ had lost
one of her front teeth. Impoverished
as she was, the management came to
the rescue, and bore tho expUise of the
necessary dentistry. When she retired,
however, after two seasons she had to
leave the tooth behind her, the
example of the dentist's art being the
property of the theater.; The : man
agement was too poor to part with It!
American Counselor.
The ever ready Marquise de Fon
tenoy is prompt to find American
genius everywhere. She says:- -
•Among In* factors, in the present
imbroglio between Russia and Japan,
which at any moment may develop
into full-fledged war; there is one thai
has until now escaped the attention of
the public, although familiar to. the
State Department at Washington and
to every foreign diplomat who has
ever been stationed at Tokio. - It is
the former Vice Consul General of the
United States at Yokohama— a shrev/d
and able lawyer named Den
nison — an expert in international liw,
and who, for a number of years past
(indeed, ever since he quitted the ser
vice of the American Government),
has been the legal, adviser to 'the
Gaimusho, or' Department of Public
Affairs at Tokio. His activity is. by no
means restricted to the mere legal af
fairs of the department. a His counsel
is sought by the Japan'ese Minister of
Foreign- Affairs and' his subordinates.
as. well as by the other members of
the Cabinet, about all sorts of mai
ters, and he is, in one word, the prin
cipal foreign adviser of the Japanese
, Government. , It speaks volumes for
his honesty, ° f or his 'tact and for, his
shrewdness that he should have sue
ceded in wholly, winning their con
fidence, that he should have been, able
to dispel altogether that innate "dis
trust which the Oriental, invariably en
tertains for the European or Amer
ican, and that he should have exer
cised his delicate functions, with so
much care as to avoid .exciting the
Jealousy which so highly sensitive «i
people as the Japanese might natural
ly be expected to feel 'with regard to
the idea that they were dependent upon
foreign judgment and experience for
their statesmanship." 0
Anszccrs to Queries.
TWO THOROUGHFARES— Reader.
City. Tha width of Broadway. ; San
Francisco, is 82 feet east of Larkin
street and 68 feet wide west of Larkin.
Golden Gate avenue is 63 feet wide.'
COMMISSIONER OF LABOR—Sub
scriber. City. \ The salary of Carroll D.
Wright, Commissioner of Labor, ls SoOOO
a year. He has a chief clerk who is
paid $2500 a year and a disbursing
clerk . who is paid 52000 a year. The
salary of F. V. Meyers, in charge of
the Bureau of. Labor Statistics, whose
office is in San Francisco, is $3000 a
year.
.WEALTHY MEN— M. F. J., Oakland.
Cal. As it would require much more
space than this department can devote
to any one answer, it cannot publish
the names of the wealthiest * men of
Chicago, New Lork and Philadelphia.
If you will go to the Oakland Free
Library and examine, the World Al
manac for 1902, pages 135 to 146,'inclu
sive, you will there find a list of the
men of the United States, arranged by
States and cities? who are reputed to be
worth a million and more.,
DRESS— Edna. City. "If a girl's pet
ticoats are longer than her frock, that
is a sisn that her father loves her
better than her mother does." Is an
old English phrase, which originated
no one knows when. What frock and
petticoats, have to do with paternal
love is not known, except that it shows
the mother in such a case Is negligent
of her daughter's attire, and that the
father may love her as much as he
pleases, yet be unobservant of the
rights or wrongs of female attire.
THE FIRST FLAG— A. T. S. Y. S..
City. It Is generally believed that the
first American flag— the Stars and
Stripes — was made about the middle of
1776 by Betsy Ross, wife of John Ross
of the Continental army, at 239 Arch
street, Philadelphia, but there has been
a question raised in regard to the Iden
tity of the flag made Ly Mrs. Ross. The
first flag she made for General Wash
ington was. It ls asserted, made In June
or July. 1776, while the design of the
Stars and Stripes was not adopted by
Congress until June 14. ,1777. It is be
lieved that if Mrs. Ross made a flag
for General Washington In 1776 at his
suggestion It was the grand Union
flag adopted by the Continental army
In January "of that year. It was made
up of thirteen alternate red and white
stripes and a union of the crosses of
St. George and St. Andrew. While this
was an American flag^ it was not the
flag of the United States of America,
and a demand for such a flag was not
created until after the Declaration of
Independence. There is no record of
any United States flag before the de
sign adopted by Congres In June. 1777.
but it is possible that Mrs. Ross, who
was a flagrmaker, made the first one
from a design furnished her by a com
mittee of. Congress, of which General
Washington was one. From the Imper
fect history in regard to the flag It is
impossible to state exactly when the
first flag of the United States was
made. v
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic flre-
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71a Market at., above Call bids. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s). 230 Cali-
fornia street Telephone Main 1042. *SUIT RAISES
A NOVEL POINT
Bight of a Street Railway to
Curtail Transfer Privileges
to Be Tested in the Courts
PASSENGER ASKS DAMAGES
Conductor Ejects Woman From
Car for Refusing to Pay Two
Fares Under New Regulation
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 2.-The right
of a street railway company to acquire
the lines of a rival company and then
refuse to continue the transfer privi
leges provided for under the franchise
of the former owners is to be tested in
a suit lor damages which has been
filed by Mrs. S. A. Maxwell of this city
■JCatest the Facific .EJeetrie Company,
for ejecting her from one of its cars be
cause she refused to pay a second fare.
On January 1 the Los Angeles Rail
way Company disposed of its Xinth
street lines to the Pacific Electric Com
pany, and since that time the transfer
privilege between . the Xinth-street
lines and the intersecting lines of the
original owners have been withheld.
•This action has amused a storm of
protest from the residents of that por
tion of the city traversed by the Xinth-
Ftreet line?, who are thus compelled to
pay double fare to reach points former
ly reached with a single fare. A num
ber_ of citizens have been ejected from
the cars for refusing to pay the second
fare sr.d several damage suits against
both companies have been filed as a re
sult.
Mrs. MaxwoH asks damages in the
sum of $2000. She bases her suit on her
alleged rights : supposed to be guaran
teed by the terms of the franchise
granted the original owners of the
Ninth-street^ line, and which provides
for ore continuous passage over both
lines.
PEKSOXAL
Captain F. W. Bush of Xapa is at
th«? Grand.
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles
is at the Palace.
Attorney F. C. Lusk of Chico Is reg
istered at the Palace.
- Frank H. Buck, a fruit man of Vaca
ville, is at the Palace.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed, is
staying at the Palace.
:Dr. Bernard Klotz and wife of Val
iejo.are at the Palace.
- George K. Porter, a fruit man of Fer
?iando, is at the Lick.
'John H. Hodson, a mining man of
Hodson, is at the Palace.
William H. Fairbanks, a capitalist
of Petaluma, is at the Lick.
'.: C -W. J. Douglass, a capitalist of Vir
ginia City,; is at the Palace.
T. W. O'Xeil. former Sheriff of Sacra
mento County, is at the Grand.
•B. L. McCoy of Oroville, surveyor of
Butte County, is at the Grand.
Dr. George. Wall and wife of Cot
tage Grove are at the California.
Ellwood Cooper, the well known olive
grower of Ellwood. is at the Lick.
T. E. Hicks, manager of the water
company at Eureka, is at the Palace.
. A- V. La Mott, manager of the State
Fish Hatchery at Ukiah, is at the
Grand. '
Dr. and Mrs. S. E. Furry -of Xew
York registered at the Occidental yes
terday.
" William Irvine, a wealthy lumberman
of Chippewa Falls, Wis., and wife ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
S. W. McCall. a mining man of Oax
aca, Mexico, and wife arrived from the
south yesterday and are registered at
the Palace.
Dr. George F. Brackett, chief surgeon
of the Emergency Hospital of this city,
who, has been absent in the East, re
turned yesterday.
Judge J. J. Murphy of Portland and
his son, Chester MurpTiy. former cap
tain and quarterback of Stanford's
football team and now an attorney of
Portland, are guests at the Palace.
George Crocker, accompanied by T.
Fanford Beaty, a prominent clubman
of Xew York, has arrived from the
East and will spend several days in this
city. Mr. Beaty is at the Palace.
Boardman Wants Case Dismissed.
Joseph Boardman, the millionaire,
filed notice yesterday that he would
on February 5, in Judge Hunt's court,
move that the action for damages
brought against him by Elieabeth
Gladstone be dismissed. He will base
his motion on the fact that since Jan
uary. ISO I. the plaintiff has made no
effort to bring the case to trial. The
plaintiff secured a verdict against
Boardman. but it was set aside on the
ground that it was excessive and on
Boardman's motion a new trial was
grranted. The plaintiff, however, has
never seemed desirous of again bring
ing the «:ase to an issue for the sec
ond time.
31uslcal Service at Trinity.
Th.e twelfth monthly musical service
at Trinity Church will be given on
Sunday evening, February 7," at t
o'clock. The colnmunion scene from
Wagner's "Parsifal" will be given.
This is the first rendition in San Fran
cisco of any of the vocal parts of "Par
sifal." The rest of the programme con
sists of works by Gounod, Mendelssohn,
Martin and Fpohr. Dr. Campbell will
deliver a short address. The soloists
will be Miss Flynn, Miss Warhauer,
Miss Fairweather and Mr.- Oksen.
Louis H. Eaton will act as organist and
director of the choir.
GBAPE-NT7TS.
-
i Nibble
1 Grape-Nuts
I When a bit*
j; Hungry
Solid strength and comfort
J "There's • reason."
SHAM BATTLE AT PRESIDIO
THRILLS MANY SPECTATORS
Troops of Ninth Cavalry Attack Field Artillery on
Point Back of Post and Give Splendid Military Ex
hibition, Showing Effects of Discipline and Drilling
The sham battle at the Presidio yes
terday morning between the Ninth
Cavalry and a battalion .of field ar
tillery, assisted by. Troop K, from a
scientific standpoint was a complete
success, but the lowering clouds and
the gloom of the, early morning made
it far from a spectacular success. Ma
jor John Bigelow, with Troops I, L
and M, charged up the steep incline
to the point, where they encountered
the field artillery, under command of
Captain I. A. Haynes, who had the ad-
ditional support of Troop K, Captain
John T. Nance. The three oncoming
cavalry troops began the attack and
opened up the engagement by firing
twelve rounds at the entrenched artil
lery. The artillery replied in lively
fashion and it seemed as if a genuine 7
engagement was on. When the firing
had ceased the , cavalry advanced in
line at full gallop, and, with drawn
sabers, charged the artillery with a
tremendous yell.
Here they ran against the support
ing cavalry and a general shock and
melee was the result. The troops
crossed sabers. The attacking cavalry
then retreated, and, after getting into
line, made another charge, during
which the troopers fired their pistols
with tremendous vigor and for a time
the proceedings were almost hidden
from view by the cloud of smoke that
rested on the contesting parties. When
the smoke had partially cleared away
it was seen that the cavalry which had
been assisting the artillery had been
worsted, as it was under retreat, fol
lowed by the attacking party under
full gallop,' firing pistols as it dashed
across the field. Then, by a flank
movement, the attacking cavalry was
attacked by half of Troop K and was
by it compelled to withdraw.
ATTEMPT A RALLY.
The three companies then attempted
a rally, but without success, and in the
general melee which resulted they
were compelled to retire from \he
scene, followed by a tremendous vol
ley from the artilleryt which shook the
hills and rattled the windows in the
immediate vicinity. This wound up
the battle.
Following the fight came a long and
exhaustive drill of the four troops.
They were first drilled by troop and
then went into the general squadron
formation. They went through all
sorts and kinds of maneuvers.
Major Bigelow expressed himself as
highly pleased with the morning's
work and said his squadron was prac
tically ready to go into campaign
work at a moment's notice. Th^e of
ficers yesterday wor© service uniforms,
but the enlisted men were in dress
uniform. *
Considering the Inclemency of the
weather and the long distance from
the car line the crowd of onlookers In
attendance was large. The thrilled
visitors frequently applauded the dif
ferent maneuvers and the fine horse
manship of the troopers.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry is being
drilled every morning on the lower
parade ground between the hours of
7 and 12. The drilling is by battalion.
The men go through the regulation
battle exercises, extended orders, litter
drills and all the general minor de
tails, including a complete series of
athletic exercises. In fact, they are
being placed in a position as fast as
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3,, 1001.
COLORED TROOPERS OF THE NINTH CAVALRY CHARGING A BAT
TERY OF FIELD ARTILLERY DURING THE SHAM BATTLE AT
THE PRESIDIO YESTERDAY MORNING.
possible for campaign work. It is ex
pected that by Friday Colonel Sweet
will have a full regimental drill.
ASKS FOR SPRINGFIEL.DS.
Colonel Sweet has put in an applica
tion for the new Springfield rifles for
his troops and he expects that they
will shortly be equipped with them.
As fast as possible his regiment is be
ing fitted out with new heavy blue
uniforms in place of the khaki uni
forms the men have been wearing
since they arrived from the Philip
pines.
The new roster of troops of the^pe
partment of California is now ready
for issuance by Major John R. Wil
liams, adjutant general. It 'has been
very carefully compiled and will be of
great service to those interested in
military matters of this department.
Colonel W. L. Pitcher has returned
from a tour in> thV country, where he
has been trying to buy horses for the
Twenty-eighth Infantry. He had poor
success, as what horses h& saw, were in
no way up to the standard required by
army regulations.
The transport Dix will sail for Ta
coma either to-day or to-morrow to
take on 5500 sacks of oats. She will
then return to this port, and will prob
ably take on board about 230 horses
and mules, Intended for use In the
Philippines.
Lieutenant Alden Trotter, who was
operated on for appendicitis last Sat
urday at the general hospital by Sur
geon Thomas L. Rhodes, is doing well
and is considered out of danger.
Lieutenant William H. Patterson,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, has reported
at headquarters on leave. ,
BISHOP BLOCK CHANGES
HANDS FOR $1,000,000
New Owner , Proposes to Erect a
Modern' Hotel, on the Market-
Street Site. V ■ ?
Deeds were placed on file yesterday
at the Hall of Records by which Mrs.
Mary Bishop of New York City con
veyed to Herbert E. Law theproperty
on Market and Annie streets known as
the Bishop block, the consideration
being $1,000,000.
A -mortgage for $700,000 "on the
property j\vas also filed, the sum of
money being advanced to Law by the
Hibernia Savings- and Loan-society.
The Bishop block, whiclv has passed
Into the possession of Law, has; a
frontage of 142% feet on Market
street and runs back to Stevenson
street to a depth of 160 feet.
The property has an income of $60,
000 a. year from rentals, chief of
which is that of the Santa Fe Rail
road offices. The leases expire within
the next three years, but the new
owner hopes to be able to make im
mediate settlements with the lessees
and erect a new hotel on the site, to
be called the Grand Pacific Hotel.
The sale of the Bishop block was
handled by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.,
representing Mrs. Bishop, ' while
Thomas Magee & Sons represented the
purchaser.. Next to the sale* of the
old Baldwin &ite the transfer of the
Bishop block is the largest on record
in this city made^ to an individual.
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
IJ^&xSt* 8 *"**^,// A MILLION ROMPING, ROY- g
» ' J^^^ m -^^^^i^' STERINGr AMERICAN "BOYS, g
fi*j*7 n d * hat ea * t°o much pie cl
W^ ; \v^SSfc whenever they get a chance, 9
*§K l§&.*Ill -loiow that there's a s-weet little S
&~§ $§L-O i«Iiii fragrant medioine tablet — a |] i
yS? ft&^v pleasure to eat it — that cures g
I JL i yS "' * ' *r€^' that torture of childhood — ■ , H
RP52MSS» '• / SMALL BOYS' COLIC Some- 1
WfeSBaP '4 times the little girls get it too H
|Wppr7 \rfS — but CASOAIIETS Candy Ca- K
lii»^ /3& thartio, the perfect bowel and |;
tm!L ; * Jy J!$g liver medicine and preventive at.
>t^'3f|!!?"^\^g^jL of childhood's ailments, keep K
(K^^BB^^C' th8 children's stomachs and |.
systems always in perfectly S
jr^^^^^^^^^ healthy condition. Wise moth- gj
x era always keep a box handy in g
f^^^^^l^^SSSSr'"- tha house. All druggriats, lOo, R
'' J^yj^^^wamK^Tr^: .^ 25o, 6Oo. Be sure you get the 21
'Afggmw/fgm\ genuine— each tablet marked n
y/if^^r / Jf OOO. Sample and booklet |
'i I^W-(^\ 7*^^, * !§ "Th»» STERLING REMEDY CO., ||
ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES 1
Greatest In the World eg J
SEARLES SENDS
A NEAT CHECK
Acceptable Contribution of
Five Thousand Dollars to
San Francisco Art Association
MONEY COMES IN HANDY
Unexpected Gift Enables the
Directors to Do Something
More for the School of Design
A gift of J5000 has been maae by Ed
ward F. Sea rles to the San Francisco
Art Association. A check for that
amount, drawn on the Mechanics' Na
tional Bank of New York and made
payable to Horace G. Platt, was re
ceived by the latter yesterday and at
once indorsed as. payable to the San
Erancisco Art Association, Willis E.
Davis president.
The cash donation of Mr. Searles was
unsolicited and unexpected, but, nev
ertheless, highly acceptable, as money
was needed to keep up the School of
Design, Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,
to its present standard of efficiency.
For quite a length of time subsequent
to the transfer of the Mark Hopkins
edifice and grounds to the State Uni
versity Mr. Searles made an annual
cash contribution to meet expenses in
cident to the care of the mansion arid
its contents. Some time ago contribu
tions on the part of Mr. Searles were
suspended or ' withheld. Perhaps he
fancied that the Regents of the univer
sity and the directors of the Art Asso
ciation should provide the means re
quired for maintenance of the school
and the care of the house. The pupils
of the school, the members and direc
tors of the Art Association, the Re
gents of the university- and the people
of San Francisco generally will appre
ciate the generosity of Mr. Searles.
Under the administration of Willis E.
Davis, president of. the Art, Associa
tion, the School of Design has made
exceptional, progress. The Searles gift
will surely encourage the supporters of
the institution to renewed efforts In
behalf of the 1 school.
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
TO GOVERN THE Y. M. C. A.
Henry \V. Davis of Indiana W'iU Have
* Charge of the Spiritual Depart
ment Afttr March- 1.
• The officers that will serve the
Young Men's' Christian Association
during the ensuing year were elected
yesterday afternoon at a mass-meeting
of the board of directors of the asso
ciation. Aside from the regular of
ficers, Henry W. Davis of Indiana was
chosen religious work secretary. The
following regular officers were named:
President, Rolla * V. Watt; , vice
presidents, Edward Coleman and C.
S. Wright; recording secretary, ,C. A.
Maydwell; treasurer, I. J., Truman;
auditor, B.' C. Wright.
Mr. Davis will take up his duties
with the association about March 1.
He is a graduate of the Rochester
Theological Seminary and a Bible stu
dent of renown. He will act as the
spiritual adviser of the young men and
will conduct special revival services
throughout the city.
Scats for "Alexander the Great."
The advance sale of seats .for the en
gagement of Louis James and Fred
erick Warde ?U the Columbia Theater
next week will begin Thursday morn
ing. . On this occasion these famous
artists are to appear in an entirely new
spectacular drama entitled "Alexander
the Great," which constitutes one of
the annual scenic productions of Man
agers Wagenhals and Kemper. ' The
play is founded upon the eventful
career of the most famons warrior in
h'story. Mr. James appears as Alex
ander and Mr. Warde as Pprdiccas, his
general and prime minister of state
An absorbing: story of love," intrigue
and treachery serves to connect Hie
many exciting incidents , together.
Prominent among the supporting play
ers are Norman Hackett, Wadsworth
Harris, Thomas Coffin Cooke, Miss
Alma Kruger, Miss Engel Sumher and
Miss Aphie James.
Sale of Mines Cause of Suit.
T. W. Jones filed a suit yesterday
against T. A. Blinn and several other
stockholders of the Almarance Mining
Company fc-r $14,380 damages he al
leges he sustained, because of the fail
ure of the defendants to keep free from
liens two mining claims in Idaho they
ha'd partly purchased from him. The
mines were recently sold by. the Sheriff
to pay a judgment obtained against the
company, a ;V.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A finely polished golden oak or mahogany chair. Made with
carved saddle seat and banister back. An elegant parlor or bedroom
comfort chair at hall its regular value.
All other Sunday specials, except the tabourettes, continue for
the week. Arabian lace curtains at one-half.
"The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK - MATINEE SATURDAY
Jnlea Mnrry'« Ely Scenic Prodnctloa
LOST RIVER
Splendid Cast— Novel an j Startling Effects
V3VAX. jeOPtnCiAB PSICXS. .
BEGINNING NEXT &IONDAT NIGHT
WEBER and FIELDS
' THSZS AIX-STAB COMPAHT
J00^-PiiPSONS tOO
MOSTI.Y PBaTTT OXB&S
Direct from N«w York, by Special, Becord-
Breaklny Train
x,zx.i.iah «os%xa.i» I CCATCAf V
Z.OTTZSXAK1V '- jLAi jALE
Jxtbb^a^t THIS M0RHIE6
BOSS AJTO PEWTOH "pric^.:
and . 38. flift 8U
VCBSX ana PTEXDS I -S
i oxrr-OP-TOWir SZAZ& osaxas
Accompanied by jnoney-crder and addressed to
H H. Campb«U. Grand Opera-house, will D«
mUd In the order received. .
GALIRGRNIA
f* Special Matinee To-Day
MR. EDWARD MORGAN 1
ISHJia CAXNE'S MA3TERPIECE. H
THE ETERNAL CITY |
SPECIAL PRICES — $150. fl OX H
I5c, r.uc, 25c &[
I Matinee prices mim «i for • «J«»J n « ■
. performances. CURTAIN PROMPT- 1]
LY A j 8. ■ " II
fl " Next Sunday— MURRAT AND MACK. ■
AY r\ I 17 A Ts. Betasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR itsr-
o v • \ ■ Oeneral Manazer.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SXTJT.
"One of the snuggeiet successes in ths history
of Alcazar." — Ashton Stevens.
"Brilliant, picturesque and charming." —
Peter Robertson.
A COLONIAL
/^ T T1 To B^ toe Author
It|K| . of
VJ|XaLJU»*9* zin. Jack
Evg».. 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 50c.
"MONDAY NEXT— The Furiously Funny
i French Farcical Frivolity.
THE OAT PABISZASS.
f^.v- In Preparation— PARSIFAL.'
j Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
-MATINEE SATURDAY .AND SUNDAY.
The Most Popular of All Modern Dramas.
EASTLYNNE
A Play Universally Loved, with a Heart . la- .
. terest Story that Stlra the Tender
Emotions and Touches the
-'Fountain of Tears. , ;
AM Central Favorites in the Cast. .
PDirFC EVENINGS 10c to 50o
r Kit CO MATINEES... :.i 10c t5c. 25c
Feb. 8— "IN ' 3HT OF ST. PAUL'S."
Racing llpii^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIK OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
JNGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. February X.
Six or More Rajes Daily.
Races start at 3d. m. , Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of ths city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:13 p. m. and: leaven the track Immediately
after the last race. • No smoking .la last two
cars, which are - reserved for ladles . and . their
escorts. .'••-'-■■'---■-
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Prealdeut.
PERCY W.' TREAT. SecreUry. ■
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana fitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NYIOO8A-
" tor and Nervine. V r * iil &£9 i &9B*/F£&m
'■ The most wonderful aphrodisiac ana Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs.- for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedies for -Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
, 223 Market st, S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIANS
Last Five Nights— Mat Sat
The Great Musical Comedy Kit;
A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
With Its catchy music, pretty (Iris. magniS-
cent scenery, beautiful costuming.
100 In the company.
COMMXNCXNO MONDAY. TEB. 8.
JAMES and WARDE
In the scenic sensation of the decade.
ALEXAISDER THE GREAT
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
TIVQLlSo^,
7OUUTU WSSZ
Or THE T7HPAKAT.I.Trr.ET> SUCCESS.
When Johnny b: :
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY,
la Fresaratfon— "THE GYPST BAROW."
Usual Popular Prices 25c, SOe and 73?
Boa Seats $1.00
A BOUNTEOUS BILL!
Munroo, Mack and Lawrence; 2 Sil-
vn<«: Stuart Barnes; Robertas and
Wilfredo: Cordna and Maud; Duffy,
Sautelle and Duffy; Holden and
Florence; Orphcum Motion Pictures
and
JOHNNYLAND EMMA RAY
Presenting: "Casey, tit* rixsmin."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Tljurs.
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 23a
and SOc. -
THE MIDDLE O7 THE WXSZ EA3
-v _ PASSSS
And only a few clays more,o£>
■ ■ "THS BEAUTY SHOP"
•"= NOTICE— IMPORTANT.
. NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. Feb. S.
ROLY POLY
Another original, brtlliant. Captivating ma-
*»<•»» comedy, wltn our •'AH Star" cast, la-
'■--'-■ KOLB AND DILI*
G . JOHN PEACHEY. -
BEN T. DILI/)H^
ALJ.EN CURTISl. •
HELEN RUSSELL. - ' " - *
CSEOHGIA O-RAMET. %-!--
NOTICE AGAIN— NELLIE LYNCH appears
next Monday. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MOSTTAGircrs COCKATOO CX8CT7S
And a Great Snow Evaxy Afternoon, and
Evening- in tne Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PH1XIPPIN*
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HANNIBAL
The Untamable African Lion. In the Zo«.
AKATETJR jnOHT TB1TB8SAT.
.. Admission. 10c; Children. 5c
When Phoning. As* for 'Ths Chutes. "
MISCZLLANEODS AJCITBZlaJUITm. -
BARRY DE WINDT,
The Famous Eaptorer. - in Illustrated Lectur*.
"FROM PARIS TO NEW YORK BY LAND."
LYRIC HALL, next TUESDAY. Feb. 8. at
8:15 p. m.
Reserved Seats 50c, 73c and $1.
Box offlce opes Sherman.. Clay ft Co." a, Satur-
. day Morning.
, ■ Management Pond Lyceum Bureau.
Pa-flf/* DON'T FAIL TO
I aiaWV Jee the- beiuttful
j COURT Lounsinj
Afln room, tbs EMPIRE
« UU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, til*
lTf/?nfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR and la.
U X^1« DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
910
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE DIAMOND
BASEBALL MEN
COME TO TERMS
Pacific Coast League Becomes
a Member of' National As
sociation in Special Class
WKANGLE OVER DILLON
Morley and Hanlon Each Claim
the Biff First Baseihan . and
; Both Want to Retain Itini
The Pacific C'-ast Baseball- League
has become a member of the National
Association of Professional" Baseball
Clubs and the long existing war be
tween the only outlaw league in the
country and the national association
has at last come to a' peaceful ending.
The looked for step was taken when
llessrs. Morley, Harris and Bert of.
the Coast League met Johnson, Han
lon and Hart of the national associa
tion yesterday morning.
The conference was & short" one and
the principals tackled business as soon
as the session begun. Within an ho°ur
the existing differences, were settled
and the Pacific Coaust J>eague was ad
mitted to membership in the national
association under a jiew class — a°class
above division A and.ncxt to the major
league division. . c
Ml the details of the conference
m-ere not made public v by the mag
nates, yet It is generally admitted that
the coast managers secured the best of
the deal and that many concessions
were made them. There will be no
salary limit in the Coast. League" and
the managers of the various teams will
be permitted to draft players frorn
either of the two major organizations
or from any of the minors.
President Ban Johnson of the Amer
ican League opened the meeting with
« plain talk, in which he stated c that
The war had been on long enough and
for the good of the. 'sport ' -a tjruce
should be declared. He agreed to al
low the magnates of the Coast League*
many concessions, and, after short
ppeeches by th*» others present.' the
terms of settlement were drawn up
and agreed upon by all representatives.
No Eastern league wall be allowed
to take any player now signed by the
Pacific Coast 'League, nor will the
managers of th? latter organization be
allowed to sign any players who are
under contract to the leagues In the
East. At the present time there are
several men who.are in dispute,- but
Hanlon promises to < forward . their
names here on the 2<>th inst. and settle
the matter definitely.
The principal clash of. the meeting
happened between Morley and Hanlon.
Both claim to have signed Dnion for
the corning season and neither is will
ing to Waive claim on the noted first
baseman. Hanlon brought forward a
contract which Dillon had signed on
September 15, but .Morley came back
with one that Dillon is alleged to have
signed on September' 1. -. :
Just who will secure the big fellow
remains to be settled. Hanlon is ready
to agree to almost anything, "but firmly
refuses to let Morley have Dillon. -In
all probability the Brooklyn magnate
will finally land the noted, tosser, for
the other magnates will not Tet a mat
ter of one player stand in the way of
the final peace negotiations.
Johnson and Hart departed for the
East when the meeting was over.
Hanlon will remain here for several
days and in the meantime will prob
ably arrange with Morley as to who
tv ill secure the services of Dillon.
Hanlon also claims Castro, who is
signed by Portiand, but the chances
are the latter club . will retain this
player.
It is expected that as soon as«Han!on
secures a full list of -all the players
signed by the Eastern,* minor leagues
and forwards it to the coast magnates
the peace negotiations will be per
fected. There is Ftill a lot of contro
versy goinsr on over several" of these
men, but the chances .are matters will
be settled to the satisfaction of all con
cerned and then peace will be officially
declared. -*«.-'
Fljcastcrs Elect Officers.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Flycasting Club was held last
night in the assembly hall of the Mills
building. The following officers were
elected: President, Colonel Carlos G.
Young; first vice president. Colonel
George C. Edwards; second vice presi
dent. Edward 'Everett; secretary-treas
urer. T. W. Brotherton; executive com
mittee — Walter D. Mansfield. T. C. Kie
rulff, James S. Turner, F. H. Reed and
Charles Huyck.
The competition at Stow Lake, Gold
en Gate Park, during the forthcoming
season will be governed by practically
the same conditions which prevailed
last year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ftf"
IjUjilf
ANOTHER RACE
FOR RIO CHICO
In Successive Starts: the Old
Campaigner Wins Each Time
at Good Odds of Eight to One
FAVORITES SHARE HONORS
Sais Surprises the Talent in
the Third Bace, Defeating
Golden |Iii£|ral by a Head
■ LOS' ANGELES, Feb. 2.— Favorites
divided honors with outsiders to-day
at Ascot, winning t,he last three races
.on the card. Old. Rio Chico „ repeated
his .victory of yesterday at the same
.odds, -& to 1. Best .^tan ran for the
first time' in Bondy's colors and won a
clever race from Greenock. •
• A number of horses belonging ■• to
Barney Schreiber and Caesltr Young
•arrived" to-day. Jockey Willie Waldo
also^grrived from San Francisco. He
will mde here as a free laftce.
. Matronia, at the' good odds of 7 to 1,
won" t-he first race from Hallie Beach,
Ben -Ileywood', the 3 to 5 favorite, being
third. "'!•£;•
\ Rio Chico, Atheirose and Phya fin
ished In the order name«J. in the sec
ond race. Athelrose was favorite and
ran the winner 'a hard race.
Sais fooled the wise ones in the third
number and wen at iO to 1, defeating
Golden Mineral, the favorite, by a
head. Columbia Girl finished third.
Best man was strongly played at
evens and 9 to 10 in the fourth event
and won" by a' head from Greenock,
Loj;al S third. •• • •
Walsh rode another winner In the
.flfth. landing Evander home in front
of Sir Hugh and Jim Hale it: the order
named. Evander was played from 3 to
1 to 9 Ho 5 and won by a length.
Cardwellton eai'ned brackets in the
sixth at 13 to 5. Military was second
and. Hilat'y third. .Weather fine; track
good. .
■ Summary.
First race, five furlongs, selling — Matronia,
.107 -(Redfern), 7 "to 1,'wor- Hallie Beach, 107
(PHillips) 10 to 1, second; Ben Hcywood. 117
(E. Walsh). 3 to 5. third. Time, l-.'C. Moon-
Btone. Kylo II. Rosserlc, Tizen and Eyermore
also ran.
" Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Rio
Chico, 100 (Slnnott). 7-to 1. won; Athelrose,
!)5o(J Booke?) 7 to 5 second; Phyz. 100 (Law
rence) 9 to '2. third. Time, 1:29. Homage,
Honduran, San Lution", .Pirate, Gray Morn,
Ustado and Cazador also ran.
Third race, one mile, purse— Sals, 104 (Phil
lips). 10 to J, won; Golden Mineral, 97 (1^.
SpenC.PT). 13 to 5, second; Columbia Girl. 95
(M. Johnson), 8 to 1, third. Time, 1:42. Bella
dama. Sweet Tone. Atlantico and Elwood also
ran. . .*
■ Fourth race, one mHe_and seventy y^rds,
selllhr— 'Best Mart. 96 (K. Walsh). 9 to 10.
'••on: Greenock 104 (Prior). 6 to 1. second;
Loyal S. 101 (Donovan). 4 to 1. third. Time,
K:4S. - Blue Miracle and Moor also ran.
Fifth race -seven" furlongs, selling — Evander,
I05(\Va:-sh).' 9 to 5. *ron; Sir Hugh. 107 (Red
fern* 9 to 5. second; Jim Hal*. 105 (Mountain),
fl to 1. third, Time. 1:28^. Pilot, Ollvllo, El
Fon««.' Bluerldne and Leureatea also ran. ■
Sixth race, five- and a half furlongs. Felling —
Cai'dwellton. -117 (Donovan), 13 to 5. won; Mili
tary 118 (Miles). 30 to 1. -second; Hilary. 118
(Ctokiwaite), 20 to 1. ttfird. Time, 1 :09. Land
st«r, MacFlecknttc. Katherine Ennls. Gibral
tar, Nanon. Wager and Can Nell also ran.
Water Polo at JLurline 'Baths.
- The water polo match between mem
bers of the Lurline -Swimming Club at
Lurline Baths last night was a sharply
contested game. The team captained
by E. ' Smith, with J. A. Geddes, O.
Schultz, H. Heinz, F. Geddes. A. Heinz
and G. Harris, defeated W. Bray, T.
Harris, W| PV Stockton, H. Seebach,
E. Dawson and J. A. 'Jackson, with W.
Harris, captain,, by a score of 4 to 1.
There will be a special polo game at
the bath- next Friday night between
two picked teams of the Lurline Club.
The game will be played for the med
als offered by the American Bankers'
Association for a contest at their en
tertainment giv.en at Sutro Baths last
October. Owing to the length of the
programme the game was not- played.
The teams will consist of the same, men
chosen for that game. One game was
pTayed in the Olympic Club tank, but
as neither Bide scored a pjoecial game
was decided upon. The line-up will be
as follows: W. Pomin (captain). G.
Dawson, H. Heinz, A. Young, W. Ba
con, H. B." Kennerson and W. Bray.
The opposing team will be W. Harris
(captain), P. Sunberg, H. Seebach, E.
Smith, O. Schultz, W. P. Stockton and
J. A. Geddes.
Bay City Club Boxing Boats.
The regular boxing exhibition of the
Bay City Athletic Club will be held in
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex on Friday
night. The following boxers have been
matched: Walter Moreno vs. Gus Kos
ter, 165 pounds; Dick Hyland vs. Tom
Sullivan, 125 pounds; Charles Oliver
vs. Chick Sloan, 165 pounds; Jack
O'Brien vs. Charles Teager, 118
pounds; Harry Tenny vs. Frank Mejia,
115 pounds; Harry Bowers vs. Frank
Smith, 145 pounds.
Lacrosse Men Organize.
The California Lacrosse Associa
tion has been reorganized with the fol
lowing officials: William Blackwell,
president; Max Rosenfeld, vice presi
dent; A. S. Theberge, secretary, and
J. D. Robertson, treasurer. The tour
nament committee consists of A. S.
Theberge, San Francisco Club; P. T.
Lyons, San Mateo Athletic Club; M.
J. Tansey, Olympic Club, and R. R.
1'Hommedieu, Argonaut Club.
Says Parker Family Was Aided.
"Editor The Call: Will you kindly
publish the following facts relative to
the case of George E. Parker and his
family, which was referred to in to
day's Call: Mr. Parker did not make
his needs known until a little over a
week ago, and then his family was at
once visited by- a Christian Scientist.
Through the help received he was en
abled to go to work, but after a few
days he became ill and has been unable
to work since. The Christian Scien
tists who have been helping the family
not only treated them free of charge,
but gave them money and .interested
soirie of the charitable societies in their
behalf and they were well supplied with
provisions and fuel. They had ample
clothing and were not suffering from
lack of food. The Parkers have little
knowledge of Christian Science, but
Mrs. Parker having been healed of a
cataract on the eye some years ago by
this means, they" turned to it for help
In their present extremity and their
needs were provided for. Sincerely
FRANK W. GALE."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY/ FEBRUARY, 3., 1904.
KENIL WORTH RUNS HIS RACE,
BUT IS DEFEATED BY ARABO
Four Choices Are
Dethroned at
Kenilworth had too much excess
baggage to handle in the Bix-furlong
handicap yesterday at Ingleslde. The
brown horse shouldered. 121 pounds
without a murmur and made an excel
lent attempt to deliver It at the right
place, but failed.
Arabo, from Walter Jennings' stable,
•was In with 103 and was prayed from
11 to 5 down to 8 to 5 favoritism. Jack
Martin rode the latter and, after In
dulging Kenilworth with the lead to
the eighth pole from home, started
after him.
The "brown bird" weakened grad
ually and Arabo disposed of him clev
erly by half a length in 1:13%.
Schwalbe, the runner-up for two
thirds of the trip, ran a fair third.
Ananias and O'Hagen were the only
other starters.
Cold, cloudy weather kept tha i at
tendance down, but the betting . was
brisk. The fields were not above me
diocrity and four favorites were
beaten. •
SOIjAXUS SCORES HANDILY.
The tip on Modred to win the open
ing event, a Futurity course sprint,
did not amount to much. Bob Smith's
colt was heavily backed at the start
of the betting, but at the close there
was plenty of 3^ to. 1. Solanus, from
the stable of W. B. Jennings, ruled
favorite, and, passing Red Bird and
Gene H&ndlan in the stretch, beat the
latter out easily by a length. Modred 0
ran fourth behind Red Bird, but should
have been closer up.
Hildebrand on Albemarle, a 5 X ,£ to 1
chance, beat the others away In the
seven furlong number following and
that Is all there was to it. Optimo
was always the contender and at the
wire only lost by a neck. Lady Wads
worth, another of the first choices,
finished third. Marelio drew the rail
position and was knocked out of the
race at the start.
Anything Hildebrand rides is as a
rule installed favorKe and Carilee was
held at odds of 13 to 6 to take the mile
and seventy yard selling affair. The
mare led for half a mile, when J. T.
Sheehan on G. W. Trahern assumed the
front position and ridden out at the
wire downed Mr. Dingle half a length.
Carilee was third.
Mike Daly came near putting Flo
Manola over again at Juicy odds in the
seven furlong selling run for three
year-olds. Wlth'iW. Daly and 96 pounds
up the filly made all the pace but could
not stay, and Ebony registered an easy
first.
EBONY'S PRICE RECEDES.
The winner showed signs of lameness,
which caused his price to recede from
2% to 1 to 14 to 5. Creole Jim, the
favorite, with Larsen up, finished in the
show.
Judging from remarks heard Larsen
did not enhance his popularity to any
extent by his handling of Ada, N, fa
vorite for the closing mile run. The
mare was sore, as she usually is, but
was always in close touch with the
leaders. Third turning into the stretch
all Larsen had to do to win was to
hand-ride his mount. Instead he drew
the whip, allowed the mare to swerve
all over the stretch and then only lost
to Mimo by a head. Chileno was third.
NOTES ~OF THE TRACK.
"Big Bill" Knapp, who is now in the
employ of Parker & Thwaites, had
the mount on Sisenvlne in the tliird
race. Knapp was a' great favorite with
the crowds at Ascot Park, Los Angeles.
He will ride Fossil in the Burns handi
cap on Saturday.
Bookmaker Caesar Young has en
gaged Arthur Redfern to ride Eonic in
the big stake on Saturday.
Hildebrand was there with two win
ners again yesterday.
Gawaine was played from 5 down to
13 to 5 in the betting on the conclud
ing race of the day, and got away so
poorly that he had no chance.
Quite a number of owners appear to
be Buffering with the delusion that if
they put Hildebrand up and the horse
wins regardless of all previous races
everything, is lovely and the goose
hangs high. For "example, take Albe
marle—races 5803, 5788, 5680. "Why are
theesey thusus?"
When a rider finds that he is riding
out of form he should take a rest.
Only a fortnight ago Larsen was put
ting up some splendid rides and rap 7.
Idly became popular. Then all of, a
sudden he began to "scramble the
eggs." In Justice to himself after his
performance on Ada N, Larsen should
purchase a shotgun, 300 shells, half a
dozen decoys, a slab of bacon, two or
three dozen eggs, some matches, a saw,
hammer and nails to construct a blind
and so way *up In the country duck
shooting before the season closes.
Lapidus seems to have gone away
back, judging from the slowness of
his movements In the j afterpiece.
Timed separately, he trotted the mile
in 2:29%, which leaves him still
eligible to the 2:30 class trots at Kan
kakee. 111., and Bedford, Me.
Many of .the Burns handicap can
didates were let down "for keeps" at
Ingleside yesterday morning. Proper,
with Jack Martin up, covered one and
a quarter miles In 2:08; Faulconbridge
In 2:06 3-6; Arcade, 2:09%; Oarsman,
ridden by Wonderly, 2:10. Fossil also
worked the distance in impressive
fashion. There will probably -be fif
teen starters on Saturday, if not more.
W. B. Jennings will send three to the
post. Argregor .did -not work well
yesterday, but will be given another
trial by "Doc" Hollenbeck. The fol
lowing look like sure starters: ■ '..'■■
Proper, 127, J. Martin.
'Claude, 122, J. Daly.
Oarsman, 118, Wonderly.
Argregor, 118, • Bullman. >
Nones. 117, — -~." - *• ••
Fossil, 114, W. Knapp.
Waswift, 113, 'Hildebrand."
Arcade, 112, W. See.
Dainty. 110, Oliphant.
Faulconbridge, 108, Larsen.
Divina, 108, Burns.
Horton,' 105. — ■ — — •> ■''[' [* *%£?'*■!.
Jockey Club, 105, Reed, "~-^C^
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
PTQLESIDE BACETRACg — TUESDAY. Feb. 2. Weather cloudy. Track fast.
C018. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; purse; maiden 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. ! IWt St. li . %;'».%• Str. Fin. : Jockey. OpI CK
6694 Solanus (Jennings & Co.).... 105 1" ... 5 »4 3 2 3 2%1 1 J. Martin.. ~ 9-S'
5800 Gen© Handlan (Schreiber) 110 4 ... 2 1%2 1%1 % 24 Burns 8 10
C850 Red Bird (K Slaughter) 100 3 ... 1 2^1 1 2 V, o 1% U Jackson. 25 16
.... Modred (R. A. Smith) 110 6 ... 6 2 6142 4 2 Larsen .... 3 7-2
6894 Bombardier (F. Skinner) 10T 11 ... 8 1,4 8 2 8 1 5 2% J. Daly 9-2 0-2
r>7C2 Instrument (J McAllister) 110 5 ... 4h C^5n-6h Connell .... J5 20
5S97 Miss M Bowdlsh (Blaslngme) 100 1) ... 7^93 94 7n Hildebrand °S 10
6834 Mendota (Napa Stock Farm). 101 7 ... 94 7 n 7% 8 3 Foley 25 .60
BS34 Dundreary (B &'W.) 105 8 ... 3 1^4 % 0 2 9 2 Bell 10 13
5S.-S4 Hogarth (P. j. Carmody) 106 2 .. . 10 H10 6 10 1510 12 H. Stuart.. 50 60
5463 T. J. Cox (J. C. Murray) 11010 ... 11 d ll 11 11 (Gruwell ... 50 100
Time— :25. :50, 1:12. At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:08%. Solanus. place. 7-10; show, 2.5.
Handlan. place 4; chow 2 Bird show, 7-2 Winner b c. by Darebln-Solana. Trained
by.W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Harbor, Gateway. Hulford, Jack Little. Start g«od.
Won easily. -Next two driving Solanus was well ridden and outstayed Gene Hand
lan. Red Bird quit. Modred was cut off soon after the start or he might have won.
Bombardier away poorly. Miss Bowdish a slow be S ll » n «'^PV"£f5"y^]i'l^_____- '
5019. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. tf . #• ?i- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
B803 Albemarle 4 (E Tlerney)...' 106 3 1 l^l 1- 1 1%1 2 1 n Hildebrand 6 11-2
5838 Optimo, 6 (D. P. Blakeman). 106 4 3 % 3 !i 2 n 2 1 2 4 Foley 4 »-2
(5S58) Lady Wadsworth. 5 (Fergusn) 112 10 6 1 6 % 5 2^4 1%3 1% J. Martin.. 3 S 9-2
6S22 Pure Dale. 4 (Thomas & Co.) 104 1! 2 1 2 2 3 1%3 Vt 4 5 Kunz 10 JO
5899 Harry Beck. 5 (Lynch & Co.) Ill 6 4 % 4 h 4 h B 2 5 n J. Daly 10 V
f.738 Teufel. 6 (W. P. Magrane).. 106 11 10 7 7 *4 7. % 7 3 6 2 W. Colemn SO 60
5777 HeMas. 4 (J. Creely) .......... 108 7 B3 8 S 6 1#G 2 7 2 Bell SO 60
68-JO Mountebank a (Keating) 114 5 81 8 1^83 83 8-3 H. Spencer. . 8 <> 8;
5726 Candidate. 6 (II. E. Rowell).. 106 9 9 % 9 2V49 % 9 3 9 4 Travers ... 40 60
5860 Marelio. 5 (J. Quinlan) 106 111 11 11 11 10 1 Oliphant .. 4 8-2
5S36 Kubellk. 4 (J. McAllister) ... IPS 8 7 6 10 8 10 2 11 Connetl 15 SO
Time— :24%. :49, 1:14%, 1:27%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:34. Albemarle. place, 5-2;
•show. 6-5. Optimo, place 2; show, 4-5. Wadsworth. ehow. 1. Winner, b. g. by De
ceiver-Fable. Trained by E. Tiernoy. Scratched— Adirondack. Lou Clleveden. Nllgar.
Start poor. Won in a drive of three. Winner away sailing and Just did last. His Im
provement was marked and sudden. Away better Lady Wadsworth might have won.
Pure Dale ran a good race. Too much weight on' Mountebank. Marelio dr«w the rail
_^positlonandwas knocked to hla knees at the start. _^^
| C92O. THIRD 'RACE— Mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
I Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. V* . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CU
5863 G.W. Trahem. 5 (Quinlan).. 107 4 1 1%3 h 1 n 13 1 % U. T. Shehn 5 9-2
6554 Mr. Dingle. 4 (S. Judge) 110 3 3 % 4 1%3 1%3 3 2 4 (gee 0 12
6884 Carilee. 0 (Appleby & Co.).... 100 5 In 112 2H2 n 3 n Hildebrand 8 13-5
6555 Isabellita, 4 (McNamara) 100 1 6n fil 4 h'*4 2 4 2% Travers ... 6 8
6S70 Polonlus. 4 (J. T. Stewart)... 100 (t 5 1 5 1 6 2 5 1 -5 h W. Daly... 10 10
6858 Emily Oliver. 0 (R. II. Clark). 101 0 81 82 82 0261 Foley 5 6
6838 El Pilar, 5 (A. A. Haskell)... 1)112-72 71 7 1 7 Vt 7 2Vi Kunz 20 30
588* Norford. 6 (C. II. French).'... lOOPJl 9 2>£9 4 0 2 8 1 8 3 Gruwell ... 20 40
6J>09 The Ladaean, 5 (Boots & Co.) 100 12 11 111 2 10 1 9 3 9 2\$ Oliphant .. 10 15
6S81 Tamm, 4 (W. P. Magrane)... 10r> 10 12' 12 12 11 3 10 4 W. Coleman 40 6O
T.S39 Sisenvine, 6 (P. J. Stoer) 102 8 2 1%2 n 6 n 10 1 11 3 Knapp BO 40
5S3C Elmer L. 6 (Klunder & Co.).. 107 7 10 4 10 3 11.3 12 12 [J. Daly 30 «V> '
Time— :24%, :49»i. 1:15^4, t:41%, 1:46. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:58%. Trahem. place,
2; show, 1. Dingle, place, 6; show. 2. Carllee, show. 3-5. Winner, b. g. by 8 Rear
Guard-Rhetta B. Trained by J. Quinlan. Scratched— Outburst, Tonopah. Start perf%ct.
Won lr» a drive of two. Next two driving. Winner enjoyed good racing luck and had
speed. Mr. Dingle ran an excellent race. Carilee tired. Isabellita should have been
third. Emily Oliver ran a cheap race. Others no account. • .
C021. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handlc-.qp: 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $400.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % . %T %. Str. Fin. | Jockey] I Op. CL
5705 Arabo. 4 (W. B. Jennings) 103 4 ... 3 1 3 5 3 4 1,'ilJ. Martin .. I 11-5 8-5
0825 Kenilworth. C (H. Stover). 1 ... 121 1 ... 2 % 1 1 1 2*2% See | 5-2 5-2
(5330) Schwalbe, 5 (B. Schr?iber) 107 3 ... 1 n 22 2 1%3.2 Burns 4 8
(57C4) I Ananias, 3 (J. F. Schorr) 90 2 ... 4 4%4 1 4 1 4h Reed .. 10 12
5801 lO'Hagen. 5 (Mrs. Bender) 95 5 ... 5, 5 5 T> Oliphant .. 5 5 .
Time— :23Si, :47 1 ,4 1:13%. At post 1 minute. Qff at 3:23'£. Arabo. place, 1-2: show, out.'
Kenilworth Dlace. 7-10; show. out. Schwalbe. show. 1. Winner, .ch. h. by Nomad-
Charm. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start poor. Won |n a drive of two. Third stop
ping. Kenilworth breezed along until a furlong from home, where he began to falter. It
was not a difficult task for Arabo then. Schwalbe had speed, but tired. A»iania» out
classed. O'Hagen off very poorly^ rw-w»^.n J >_r^-
S922. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner : IWtlSt. K~ \j. ?4. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- Cl.
66oT Ebony (Hamilton Stable) 106 1 5 2 5 1 4 2 1 n 1 1% Hildebrand 5-2 14-5
(58.-U) Flo Manola (M. J. Daly) 90 3 1 h 1 n .1 1 2 1JJ2J W. Daly... 12- 13
(5C07) Creole Jim (R. A. Smith).... 101 6 4 1 4 3 3 n A 1 3 n Larsen .... 2 2
tftlS Planet (Parker & Co.) 104 4 2 1 2 1 2 U, 3 n 4 1. Bell ........ 10 12
6871 Keogh (P. Hlldreth) 103 2 6 6 0 54 5 0°- J. XIartln. . 5 5
5871 Instructor (Boots & Co.) 101 6. 3 n 3 «j 53 6 0 Ollpnant .. 3 « 9-2
Time— :24H. :4S»i. 1:15. 1:28. At post % minute. Off at 3:48j£| Ebony, place. 1: show.
2-5 Flo Manola. place. 4; show, R-5. Jim. show. 2-5. Winner, blk. c. by Hamilton
• H-Cricket Trained by J. Givens. Start good. AVon easily. Next three driving hard.
Ebony was lame, but received good handling. Too far for Flo Manola. Creole Jim was
sore and was the recipient of a very poor ride^ Keogh did fairly well.. Instructor was
ridden by OjiP'^ntandtrl^dtorunout^V
S02:t. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling-, 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
fn^el^ Horse and Owner. WtlSt. K. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey, j Op. ClT
5882~ Mlmo. 4 (P. . Sheridan) 103 3 l.lftl Uil n In lh, Oliphant ...I 7-2 ~ 9-2
(3527) Ada N. 0 (Antrim Stable).... 106 5 8 h 4 1%.S V, 3 2 2 4 Larsen f 1 3-2
r.S90 Chileno, a (Blasingame Bros.). 101 ft ' 3 S 2 1^2 :iV42 2^3 1 Cwsswaite. 40 60
5611 Arthur Ray. 5 (Clayton & Co.) 109 '4 7 7 5 3 4 14 4 Foley 12 S
5830 Kickumbob. a (Wahr & Co.). 109 1 2 «i 3 2 4 1»45 B 52 J. Martin.. 15 SO
r.Slft LaDidus 5 (M. J Daly) 104 2 4h 5n 64 64 6 6. W. Daly... 50
59U Gawaine. 6 (W. E. Cotton) .... 104|7 62 «h 7 7 7 Hildebrand 4 13-5
Time— -25 -49 1-15. 1:42U. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:16%. Mimo. place, 8-5 ;show. 9-10. Ada
place ' 3-5-' show out. Chileno. show. 7. Winer, b. g. by Milesio-Mlnona. Trained by
. V Sheridan Start good for all but Gawaine. Won in a drive of two. Third stopping.
Mimo was lucky, With any sort of a ride Ada N would tyive won by herself. Larsen
let her swerve all over the stretch. Chileno dll better. o Lapldus only Joking. Gawaine
almost lelt. Arthur Ray should have been closer up..
Horatius, 105, Kunz.
.Our Bessie, 104, .
Joe Lesser. 104. ■ .
• Eonic. 100, Redfern.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY."
First race — Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-old* and upward.
5810 Wyoming (Berry) 104
r.8"0 little Sister (Clayton) .' 1C
r»«20 •Isabelllta (McNamara) 102
6S58 The Toller (Foster) H'
579S l^ou CHeveden (McDowell) 1"2
S020 Carilee ( Appleby ) }O2
5020 'Norford (France) 10-'
r,!)20 'Mr. Dingle (Judge) ID 2
WIOG Cracko (Levy) 1W
5720 'Tonopah (Schiff) 90
5836 »Brl8sac (MarklelnJ 99
Second race — One mile; purse: mares and
geldings; four-year-olds and upward.
R7B5 Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) ......IOC
5767 Daisy Green (Follansbee) 104
5861 Ksherln (Schorr) 90
C839 Grafter (Blaslngame) Ill
Third race — Futurity course; purse; four
year-olds and upward.
C812 Egyptian Princess (O'Rourke) 103
K49S Torllla (Ray & Co.) '. 10-1
(ri€58)Money Muss (Green) 113
B8iG Bassenzo (Walz & Co.) 10S
4294 Reason Why (Ryan) 9f>
5839 Hagerdon (Frank) 10S
5801 Gold Money (Jennings) 1M).
5381 Huntressa (Buckley) 1CM
..;. Dr. Loner (Tanner) 103
4770 Blackthorn (Fink) : 103
Fourth race — One mile; eelllnr; 8-year-olds
•nd up: f^ v
5899 •SomenoB iHenshall). 99
5849 'Stuyve (Teairer) . . . : 110
6010 'Halnault (Thomas & Co.) 101
0874 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 101
(5S82)Scotr>-\an (Jennings & Co.) 104
(G847)Atw6^d (Hemlngray) 95
(SSlD'Illflouon (Randall) 101
Fifth race— Six furlongs; aelllnt; 4-y«ar-old»
and up: .- ~;- :> -<~:-*
5848 Rollick (Jones) Ill
5788 'Muresca (Miller) . .' gj
5420 Judge Voorhles (Murray) 107
r.SS2 Meato (Schultz) : 1»J
r>919 'Pure Dale (Thomaa & Co.) 104
B730 Bard Burns (Fountain). }j*
5872 »Matt Hogan (Magrane)... 106
6858 Tourlet II (Buckholtz). -102
CS73 •Yellowstone (Fine) . : 109
Sixth race— One and a sixteenth miles; Bell
ing; 4-year-olds and up: 1r)
(.IRTDNamtor (Reagan) J4
5489 Veterano (Vivell) JJ*»
6911 *Rey Dare (Newton) *«»
6778 'Nigrette (Jennings & Co.) JJj*
5S25 'Martinmas (Henshajl) «•»
5837 •Ills Eminence (Yeager).. 103
'Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
rirst race— Mr. i>lnarle.Briisao.Is*
bellita.
Second race— Grafter. Daisy Green.
Major Tenny. .
Third race— Gold Money.
Money Mass;
Pourth race— Stuyve. Somenoi. Xlli
louon. . U
Fifth race— Matt Hosran. Bard Burnt,
Muresca. ■ .
Sixth race— Martinmas. Wlarrette. Nam
tor.
NEV£ ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 2.— Crescent City
results: , ' . .
• First, race, six furlongs — Duelist won.; Ty
phonic isccopd. Ralph Young third. Time, 1:15.
.. Second race,, selling, one mile — McWIIllams
won - Burning Glass -second, Leviathan third.
Time; 1:44 3-5. . : ■ :
■--■ Third race, five; furlongs — Scorpio won. Sad
duefco"second. Roue third. Time.-, 1:01 1-5. -
Fourth ' race. , handicap. . six furlongs— New
York won' Ovcragaln second. I*arlslenne third.
Time. 1:15. ■
;.. Fifth race, .selling, "one and ..five- eighths
iniles — Compass won. Eliza Dillon second.
Banta-Tercua' thlrd._; Time. -:F>2 1-5.
■ Sixth "race."- ono mile 'Across ■ won.
Dr. ■ Stephens second. ■ II y menus third. Time,
1;41 4-5. -—^__
BARELY MISSES
BURIAL ALIVE
Supposed Dead AYoman Revives
While Undertaker *Is Prepar
ing- Her Body for Interment
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 2.— An inci
dent which came near causing a sen
sation at Pendleton a month ago was
made public to-day, following the death
of Mrs. Mary Stephens from consump
tion after an illness of several years.
Early In January she lost all appear
ance of animation and neither heart
beat or pulse could be felt. Her color
faded away and it was believed by
her family that she was dead. An
undertaker was summoned and the fu
neral arrangements discussed. Mrs.
Stephens was wrapped in a burial
shroud and as the undertaker was clos
ing her eyes her lips moved and she
gasped, *T am so cold."
The startled family hurriedly dis
missed the badly'frlghtened undertaker
and quickly put Mrs. Stephens into bed
again in a warm room. She revived
slowly and was abfedto take liquid
foods, but did not rally sufficiently to
get up. Monday night she passed away.
Tests were applied to make certain of
her death. She died uninformed of how
near she came' to being buried alive.
Baseball Laurels for Seniors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 2.
The seniors won the interclass base
ball championship by defeating the
freshman in the final game of the se
ries this afternoon. The> score, 19 to
11, resulted after nine innings of
ragged ball, the feature of the play be
ing, the frequency of 'errors. Captain
Ball of the varsity nine caught for
the seniors and Roosevelt and Dehy
did the slab work. Chalmers and Mc-
Lain were In th' *J box for the fresh
men. Daily . was behind the bat.
Shnrkey- Wins Wrestling Bout.
BOSTOX Feb. 2.— Tom Sharkey
won in the wrestling _bout with John
Plening before the Criterion Athletic
Club to-night. -The match was fora
percentage of the > receipts and a side
wager t of $1000. Piening contracted
to throw Sharkey three times within
an hour. Piening got the first fall in
sixteen minutes and the second in
thirty-four minutes, but failed to get
the third.
Weber and Fields on the Way.
The managers of the Grand Opera
hous^ received a telegram ] from ; Chi
cago, yesterday stating that Weber and
Fields and . thejr entire : company, had
left there at 6 o'clock last night in their
special train 1 for this pity. The sale of
seats for the '- production will open "at
the Grand Opera-house this morning.
STAKE ENTRIES
MAY NOW LAPSE
W. C. Whitney's Nominations
for Rich Events Are Void If
No Transfer Has Been Made
DISPERSAL OF 'HIS* STUP
Nearly a Million Dollars' Worth
olc Thoroughbred Horses May
Be Thrown on the Market
Sp«cl&! Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— -What effect
the death o'f William C. Whitney may
have on the vast number of stake, en
tries made in his> name for the great
array of valuable prizes o to be run for
in 1904 and in future, years Ttfas.nof
Known to-night, but fears were ex- 0
pressed in well .informed quarters that
no transfe»-of those engagements- was,
made. Should tha.t prove the case
they -will become .void*. . . ' °
Many well versed racing author!*
ties said to-rflght they feared when the 3
end drew*near*he had neither the time
n»r the inclination to* think of the"
future of his racing stable.. If his ill
ness had been a prolonged one there
might have be'en suggested to him the
desirability of forming, a partnership,
which would have saved all his nom
inations. As it -is, however, the fe*a? <
is expressed that Mr. Whitney's death,
like that r>l the lat» August Belrnont
in 1890, will* throw upen the marke't
a great breeding and racing establish
ment. The following is a o list of-hi3,
stable, valued at '$890,000. " '
Hamburg, stallion; $60,000; Nastur
tium, stallion, $50,000;' Meddler* stal
lion, $49,000; Yankee,- stallion, $°40,
000; Endurance by Right. $30,000;
felue Girl, $25,000; §U gimon, filly,*
$16,000; Judith Campbell. $15,000;
Gunfire, $15,ftOO; Armenia, $J.O,0dO;
Leonldas, $30,000; Inflexible, $20,000;
Hippocrates, 510,000; Reliance, $10,
000; fifty yrfarlings, J 150,0(10 ;. forty
two-year-olds, $100, P00.; eighty brood
mares, $160,000; ; othefr horses in
training, $100,009.
PYSTER WORKERS QtUT . ' .■ '
' THEIR WORK IX A BODY
Claim That Moragban Company Dis
charged Many Erni^oyes With- •
.• out Any Apparent Reason,
The oyster workers .employed- by the'
Moraghan Company qtilt their work in
a body yesterflay afternoon because
their employers are said 'td have flis^
charged a number of their workmen
without assigning any -reason " for so
doing. The sjtrike ' affects forty men.
It is>said that the Moraghan Company,
has ignored overtures from th» o -Oyster
Workers' Union and the Labor Council
for a conference. •
A new Joint executive council has
been formed to be krfown as the Inter
national Brotherhood . of Teamsters.
The following officers *wer© elected:
President, M. W. Coffey; vice presi
dent, W. Loring; recording secretary,
James Bowlan; secretary treasurer,
George Krlmphoff; wnrden, " William
Sharon; sergeant at arms, A. DIjeau.
The members pf the Steam Laundry
Workers' Union held a mass meeting
last night to ceelbrate the success the
union has attained since its organlza
zation—three years ago. c When th®
union was first formed it contained
thirty members. 0 Its total membership
at the present time" is 1S50, and 1400 of
these are women. . %
Both factions of the disrupted Paint
ers* Union are now busy securing can
didates and seeking recognition of their
officers by the Labor Council. .
The American Labor Uniota will hold
a mass meeting at the Alhambra Thet
ter next Sunday to protest against mili
tary rule in° Colorado. Many promi
nent orators will addre&s the gathering.
ChemicaJ- Clerk Wanted.
Thg United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
March 2 for the positiesi of chemical
clerk, Bureau of Chemistry, Depart
ment of Agriculture: salary, $50 a
month; age limit. 20 years or over. It
Is desired to secure, as a result of this
examination, eligibles who have a higji
school education or its equivalent and
who have a good knowledge of s»neral
chemistry and a sufficient knowledge
of the elements of stenography to take
brief memoranda or other short dicta
tions in connection wltfe chemical work.
Appointees will be expected to increase
their proficiency in stenography and to
learn to use the typewriter in connec
tion with their chemical work. Persons
who desire to compete should at once
apply either to the Unlt*^ States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C; or to the secretary. Consolidated
Board Civil Service Examiners, .301
Jackson street San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1312, should be
properly executed, and filed with the
commission at WasMngt^a.
Cleaning of Streets.
Replying to th«K criticisms of the
improvement clubs thairtbe streets are
not being properly cleaned, Cornmls
sioner of Works Woodward yesterday
said that during January there were
but ten complaints filed to the effect
that the cloning was poor on streets
in various localities. Woodward says
the trouble arises v over the fact that
under the specifications many streets
in the residence districts are swept but
once a month.
Then, again, there has been no rain
and building operations cause much
refuse to collect on the streets. All
complaints are immediately at
tended to. O
Laborer Suffocated in Bed.
William Gleason, a laborer, who ar
rived from Mendoci no -County about a
week ago, was accidentally suffocated
in his bed last Monday night in a lodg
ing house at'- 2008 ; Mason street by es
caping illuminating gas. Gleasan went
to his room on Monday night under
the Influence of liquor, and „ was found
dead at 3:35 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ins. -^
CHAMPION GANS
DEFEATS WARD
Police Stop the Boot in, the
Tenth Round 1 ° to Prevent
. Injury to s the Losing Man
COMES. UP VEEY GttOGGX
Clever Baltiniore Boxer Proves
His Superiority Throughout
the Entire KiDg Battle
DETROIT, Feb. '2.— Joe Gans, the
lightweight champion boxer, demon
strated his superiority over Mike Ward
of Sarnia, Ontario*, the lightweight
champion of o Canada, in so decided a
manner' .to-night that the police,
' stopped tha bout. at the expiration of
two and a halt "minutes of the tenth
round. Ward was Just able to stagger
about the ring/and another of the
tfuncb.es Gans had been ralntas on his
Jaw would have put Mm out. Ward'
was so ba'dJy beaten, that It took his
seconds- an 'hour to thoroughly revive
him after he /was' led to bis eorner. jj
Both men were o in splendid condition.
0 Ward started the fight with , a rush
and landed effectively on Gans'stona
°aoh throughout j the first rounds tn
which %fie Canadian had 'slightly., the
better of it., In? the second round Gans
o be'gan to land on Ward's Jaw, and from
.then until- the fight was stopped tha
champion" kept Ward!s head bobbins
back viith his punches.
! Ward showed well in the laxt minute
.of the third round, arid neither' naano
frad a decided/ advaatage during tWa
period. . Gans, however, had a 'de
cided lead from the third round to the
endloof the o fight. Ward tired in the
fifth and »sixth rounds, but recuperated;
somewhat and fought stronger in.' the
"next twot .Gans, however, continued
to ,sliow his superiority over the younff i
Canadian/ In the ninth rejind Gar*
knacked Ward . down -with a terrible,
right swing on the jaw and "'almost
nut him hut. Ward took the count and
1 the bell saved him. He- came uj» " for
' the o tenth \ groggy and Gans punched
him in thfe jaw almost at will. ■. '-2
TAYLOR W1XS THE TEN> . . * '
s 3HLE RACE AT SYDXEY
Lawson \ Comes First In One of the
Bicycle Events, McFarland ,
Betas Second. *• >./ .
h PARIS. Feb. 3.— A dispatch to' the
V-eloz from Sydney, N. S. - W.', reports
the results of the bicycle races; between
the American cyclists. Major Tsylor.-
McFarland and. Lawson. Lawson won
the mile race, Taylor seco.nd. Lawson
was- first In the three-mile contest, Tsiy*
lor second. Taylor won the "five-mile
race, McFafland second. Taylor -won
the -tan-mile race, LaAvson second.
Before the races the disqualification
against McFarland was removed and
he was 'subjected to g. fine.
Adams Js Named- for Captain.
BERKSLEY, Feb. 2.— >The execu-"
tivfc- committee of the Associated Stu
dents met to-night and fleeted W. W.
Adams captain of the varsity .baseball
team to succeed Overall. Adams, has
played on the varsity team for » four
years, kaving made the team in his
fres&man year. .He Is a shortstop °df
■ tfnusual ability and is popular with
the players. o „• ° t '>
Name Election Committee.
The board of directors of the Mechan
ics' Institute at the regular meeting
last night elected R. W. Neal, "Alpheus
Bull and Otto von Geldern a committee
to take charge c f the annual election of
officers on February 23.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weakness in Men
•A Michigan Specialist [Finds an Easj
Way to Cure- Any Case of Sexusi
Weakness Even in;the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
.Marvelous Record of Successes.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WR1TINO
There are thousands of cheerless homes
In this country filled with discontent and
unhappljiess, lacking in -love and com-
panionship through the sexual, weakness
and physical Impairment of a man whoso
years do not justify such a condition. In-
dRscr.etions. abuse3 and recklessness
qften cause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that Instantly yields to the
wonderful treatment discovered by the
great specialist. Dp. H. Q. Raynpr. of De-
troit. Michfgan. It has remained for this
•great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar troubles - can b«
cured and In remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such injury
entails, but it is a new treatment that
easily • antl Quickly restores youthful
vigor to men as old as 85.
The discovery is beyond doubt th«
most scientific and comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called to.
From all sides we hear private reports of
cures in stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, varl-
cocele. spermatorrhea. lost manhood, im-
potency. emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organs, lack of virile power, bashful-
ness and timidity and like unnatural con-'
ditions. It does this without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric belts or • any-
thing of that kind. f&*m
Satisfactory results are produced In a
day's use and a perfect cure In a short
time, regardless of age or the causa of
your condition. ',
The lacky discoverer simply desires to
get in touch with nil men who can make
use of such a treatment. They should
address him in confidence. Dr. H. C Ray-
nor. 177 Luck building. Detroit. Mich
and immediately on receipt of your nam's
and address it is his agreement with thi3
paper to sendr you a free receipt or for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
you can cv.re yourself at hom«»DIVINES TALK
OF THEIR WORK
Students of the Scriptures
Give Views Before Learned
Body for Guidance of Man
BIG MEETING OF CLERGY
The Alumni of San Francisco
Theological Seminary Hold
Conference at San Anselmo
The second annual conference of the
aiumni of the San T -ancisco Theolog
ical Seminary opened yesterday morn
ing: at San Anselmo. the Rev. William
Alexander, D. D., L.L.D., in the chair.
The whole day was occupied in the
xtading and discussion of profound pa
pers, which created the gT<=atest Inter
est. The conference" was held in Mont
gomery Memorial Chapel and many of
the most prom«nent men in the,, Presby
terian ministry came from many points
cf th* State .o attend the exercises.
Following devotions, which were con
ducted by the Rev. Franc.3 H. Robin
son and -Dr. John S. Macintosh, the
first topic, "Evangelism in the History
of the Church." \.as discussed by the
Rev. David H. McCuIlagh, who said:
Who does not read with ihune *»vl sorrow
the tragic lapsec : In the aggressive life and
purity of ihe'.- church? But who wili venture
to assert that with fame mere subtle aJ4 fci
our vielon than mere human Judpraent we
should not ,»ee in these lapses the ht- vlen hand
of the r dii'.fie artist as skillfully atv4 rapidly
:-•••- hla c. . plan us at any othe? pe
riod? May not t io*e lapses be in ls=-ge Kreas
ure the .saiural collective of the abrsormal ac
cumulation during -the times c-* revival?
The <!ivir.e plan in evangelical is by the ra
tirr.al. r'^^n^l *r." rapid method oi, propaga
tion c' :be r»5t in human »nuH, and this propa
gation lir-j-lies <■• nec*«'sity th^ fv«r present
life g^rn cf the Spirit without whom all hu
man eCorta are vaan »n<C fruitlees.
THE SOVI/S CK¥J» EFFORT.
Man'efou"; lik? an egg i« brooded over for
cany days by the Ho ; t spirit until that Inner
dcrmart nature \y ■* and impact of dl
vin* I eve* becomes i-x> greet to be ccntainM-,
•w'thtii the naif"* prison house of *#lf. Theli
tte fcuI 'pu^s <orth ir^ own effort and breaka
<!<-<«' n the *h«U of -\% in?-tivity and emerges
iipf^ the great world pf liberty and responsi
bility. »^tch, with tb»ir gl«7 and beauty.
imr*l bfes to the eipt^ssicn of the mw vision
cf Hfe and he r~+* tlatth £s its herald.
The >—." thing that characterizes every not(».
We revival Ht history Is that some man has
b"*n prH"»'FS<--l of a" unqu.-4'.chaMe passion for
human souls snd a dea'hless love for the divine
Cfcrist.' ■ c .y
A dlsGiissiort followed, in which Er.
r John ?. Macintosh and the Revr.George
G. Eldr^dge t-»ok r»art. °o
; The- Rt?v. R. S. Eastmart, speaking On
; the psycholory of conversion, said in,.
part: • !
Ccrv^rsion 15 a epiritual jrhenomenon. accom
" panied by violent c^arjft. c The symptoms are
ur.happ'*>es!i, <lf^ -»^Bicn and anxiety, arising
Irc^i a 5'nse of sin. or fear of clod's wrath.
< cavf-atoa occu;» »-«n«rally between the ac'-s
c: 1» *sd 23. and is ut. Ne excected c i?rincipaliy
at 12. • If not ocx arrive then it may take 0 place
at 16. Ti-"se are th* average ages according
to PrRf'-;sur ?ta.-tiUik. There swms to b« a
relation bctwefa adoJe«c«-nce asd convrreion.
Tht, ' <**^rist;«c:: worker must rcake allow
m.nc~ for \arioas tenarxwaments. We would
most r"trc'aely reoorsmend « traonlng for th^o
locicai «f>ientF in rcyfftot'-Kical diae^.osis s'.m
llar to ih-- child" study instate rion;»l pchoolc.o
If tr.*»,iublic Bchnol need* such a study su:--Jv
the chv.rch e>ou!d aft jhe »ore o rive it h proml
tJT« , '.'.•-%.- in Us t£-e*>log:e<k! seminaries:.
PRESENTS TESTIMONY, j
The Rev. < ja^lesf G. c Patfrson, %gi
speaking' <>n "The Testiin?>njr of Ar
chaeo'ogj' to the Integriy of the Old
Tf-stain«"it," s4id:
A hSn^rad years ago th£r% was not°a Aigie ■
«io<um»'^-. oonteenporary °with the Old Tena
tnrvL. .\ow «U» nHUWgn*.; have tons of clay
<ior\t~p; ite dating «.s Ute as thirty centuries
brfcre Abram eiitei*d , <~ a r;aan. TJw^«- discov
eries' touch en <»v«ry l«rt° of the Old Testa-"
rr-tri. :r,.istrjitinjr c ar^V confirming. For «-x
fcmpif. Tee stsitiicacftt in 0 Genesis x that
N'inftcn *as settled after Babylon, previously
t ontrr jMcted. Is «,nnw verjfiert. In <Jene* iy mv
Amra^fifi is menv+oned. He was declared"
mythic* 1." but bis wonderful oo-le r-f laws has
t<*^r^ fit-soverea. It was claimed that. th-j c
HitUter.. «.Vj oft^n named in the OH Tf-stam^aS.
hfcd V*vt? existed. Airb^'-ology has <fuscov
ered fu^t th?y farmed * r.stlnn for a thousand
y«*rtf. '&&f had ;..- much influence on the clvlll
r»tict j( Europe a* the F*ioenicl*ns. Pargon
.,1s named but r -onc* o <n the old Testament and was
rega.rde4 %m fi*it!ous. «' The excavator has un
rnvrfo tii* paJace cf HhU- king, mhich proves 0
tn be' <.ae of the grandest 0 the world ever 9 bstt.
The '.'"c:led accour| of the <}rfeaf of Sen
vaicherio's an»y in c £*1S has b#*n verified by
the ni ouments. We have his QSR-n-sttcount of
this ffair ■ j
K l'tiist tx«. beme in nfmd that the science
cf aivr neology ft» ' yet "younir. Within fifty
yea-^ n..t eo very rnurh was to be expected.
»sp*clailr when we r^meinber the inadequate
ftntncffl provision fbr the r work. It Is %-onder
ful tt.it i. to tnuch has been accomplished. Th»
rtr?!ts *■" the eto«iy rrf archaeology bear on
r»a»ij every P*rt cf fhe Old Te«*jjjent. What
ti:ay b* the ff'uit of another ha»f century of I19
ir">TM ezearatloa. Interpretation asjd cfiissi
n',-;*.ion In the . »ur*uit of this fascinating
ecier.ct cannot be tmagirjed. The century now
. beginr-inr will probafcljr see ignny more
• rch«*r^loplcal «Kjrr?ises. c o o
IMLD POP4T.AK JfEETIXG.
In " everHng there waa c a popular
meetJns jrretided c over by ,'ferofessor
lhora»is F. Day 1 , D. £)., followed by a
praise service. •<>
D»-. Thbmas A. MJlls delivered an ad
dress, his rubject beln^r "God's Plan for
H!s Preachers.' 1
Dr. Ui'Is c the the; >c as fol
lows: First, '"The ° ImporUince of
Preaching" tK^ r means c of the salva
tion of men and the method of buijding
up the chulr-h t 'jje^ond^ he asRed:
• Wh^t Tb to Be Prjearhed?" Riving the
answer, "The Gospel of the Crucified
Chr.ot." which. Dr. Muftis ffaii must \tc
preseLted out cf, personal experience in
the preacher'* heart"as e an exposition
of OodV inspired scripture and a mes-
Fap«» for the Falvatinn of th^ hear«r.
Third, hf askcd:c"How. Shall This Gos
pfl Be Prcach<M?" JDr. Mills said that
the Dioachcr rr.U5,J Fpeak as God's
prophet, with authority not his own,
and therefore he -must take pood cajv?
I bat he has always^a "Thus saith ftie
l^rrd" to stand (/ppn. And he must
sv^al as moved by°G,od's »Holy Spirit,
a- th?. Apostl^ Paui has said, "In dem
onstration of the spirit and pf power."
To-day there c «rill 'Be topics 0 intro
ta'ro and discussed by tjie Rev. Ja/nes
Ge rse Ander?on, Professor Charles
G. Back, ?h«s Rev. *>siah W. Lundy,
the Rev. Frederick. A. Doane. the Rev.
Edward K. Strong, the Rev. .William
Kirk Gtuhrie'and Professor Hugh V»'.
Gilchrist.
To-inorrc-w'' besides the discussion of
jiark.rs by eminentzdivines, the inaugu
ration of the Rev. 'John S. Macintosh,
L). V)., as r-resldeht of the seminary and
his ir ->».allat!op Us professor* of sys
tematic theology Ti-111 take place. Sev
eral hunSred clergy and laity are ex
pected to attend the ceremonies.
1 ■ * ■
fit. Patrii-k'R Al'Uanoc Convention.
The annual State council of St. Pat
rick's. Alliance of America will be held
in this city next Thursday. On the
evening of the convention day there
will be a social evening for the officers
of the convention an^ the delegates.
Paso Robles for Ilecrcation.
Th»« air i« ln\1poratlng and the sunshine
Ilf«-rivingr. Curative mud or hot water baths
wbwi you war.t tfcfni. A first-class ticket be
tween Eaa Francisco and Lo» AnseUj. *ith*r
fllrectioti, lncluiJJn^ two dsy>* witertainmMit
*l Paso .Rob!«« Hot Pprlnc* Hotel, only $21;
children. Ji J «>. Prirtlere of 30 day*' «toi>
over if you Trtsh. Southern Pacific t^eou for
particulars. . - • »
SOLDIER TRIES
TO BRIBE WIFE
Charles W. Boxer Offers His
Spouse §1000 to Consent to
His Getting Divorce Decree-
SHE REJECTS PROPOSAL
Judge Graham Hears Story of
Woman and Denies Plaintiff
Relief Prayed For by Him
Because it \y^s shown that Charles
W. Boxer, formerly a soldier, offered
to pay May Boxer $1000 if she would
not contest his action for divorce
against her Judg* Graham yesterday
refused to grant him a decree. Mrs.
Bcrxer lives in Minneapolis, where she
became the wife of Boxer in 1S58.
Shortly after their marriage he enlisted
and went to the Philippines. While
there he wrote her affectionate letters,
but upon his return t$ this country
wr<?td' to her and told her that he no
longer love,:} her and asked her to get
a divorce from him on tha c ground of
desertion. Because of religious scruples
Mrs. Boxer refused t» do so and he
then wro*e to htr and offered her $1000
if she would not contest the suit for a
separation he instituted here. This
she also refused to do and contested
his suit so bftterly that Judge Graham
hesd there was no truth in Boxer's
charge that his wjfe had refused to
come out here to live with him and
denied, the prayer of hls o complaint.
Judge Troutt refused^ to gTant Thom
as A. Gupttfl a divorce from Ella Gup
till on the ground oj desertion, the
evidence taken at the hearing of the
suit showing that Guptift t was the one
at fault. He was ordered 0 to pay his
wife $15 a> rnoslh alimony. *iuptill ia
employed by A$ers & Co., architects.
CARBIXGTONS DIVORCED.
Alice t.. Carrington was granted a
divorce from' JBert^ie Carrington by
Judge Hunt because Carrington did not
provide for her or their two children.
Carrington, who is now in 'business in
Santa Rosa, was once=a missionary 111
Bankok. ?»iam. He was paid $100 a
month for saving the souls of the na
tives. When b/» was not engaged in
that jvork he Fold them bicycles and
Cheap jewelry, thus adding quite a sum
to his incotne. 'He gave only little of
th^ money to" his wife, however, _and
she' testified that because of his failQre
to divide with her she was compelled
to pawn her jewelry and trinkets. -Once
she said she borrowed $40 from heV hus-,
band's mother, giving her a pietre of
jewelry as security. She paid Mrs.
Carrington $12 interest, for the use o of
the money Jor »ix weeks.
Aprippina Kennard's nerves failed
her in Judge Slops' court yesterday dur^
iner the trial of her suit for B divo»ce
against Charles Kennartf. She fainted
as she was teavjns; the witness stand.
She was granted a decree on the ground
of nefrloct. the evidence adduced show- r
in^ that Kennard had not provided her
with the common necessaries of life for
the last year. .
In the complaints for divorce filed by
Hjalmar Brunell against Florence
Brum-11 and \ Kathorine Wiedman
against Albert Wie«?man intenjperance
is alleged and ih the puits brought by
Pa'.ma Cicero against Antonio Cicero
and Anpelene Church against Grant
Church cruelty is charged. Mrs.
Church, whose husband runs a bakery
&t 1179 Howard street, says that for
some time Dast her husband has made
it a practice to brutally strike, beat
and kick her.
ATTORNEY COBB SUKP.
William c .A. ,Cobb, an attorney, is the
defendant' in the suit for divorce
brought by Frances A. Cobb. She
charges' him with desertion, alleging
that m«»re than a year ago he left her
and has ever since refused to return.
She Rays he has an income of $200 a
month and she asks the court to award
her half of that sum as permanent
alimony.
Attorney Charles K. Moser has filed
e dismissal q£ the divorce proceedings
of Joseph and §arah Atherton, proprie
tors of the Hotel Atherton on Octavia
Btreet. They t adjusted their differences
out, of court.
Sydney George Knight, who was mar
ried to Marie Knight at London, Eng
lasd, in 1S36, was sued for divorce yes
ttrday on the ground of cruelty. Mrs.
Knight alleges that he has such a habit
of getting drunk and chasing her about
with a knife that she fears to live with
him any longer.
Olga S. Sigur wants a divorce from
Afexander Sigur on the ground of
neglect. She charges that since Janu
ary of last year he has not provided
fof her. They were married in 1895.
Neglect is also the ground on which
Dora Trudgen is suing Daniel A. Trud
gen for divo©:e. She says that though
he has an Income of $S0 a month. and
$2000 in bank he does not support her.
She asks for a divorce and $40 a month
alimony. C I?)'
: Giovanni Morojjcelll is seeking a Ji
vorc» from Marie Moroncelli for deser
tion, o
IJ«*n«e Receipts for January.
The receipts of the License Office
for the month of January were $62,
387 50. At the beginning of the year,
owing to the expiration of the yearly
licenses on wagons, hacks and athletic
clubs, the receipts always exceed other
months. The°total number of licenses
of all kinds issued was 4864. The
clerks in the Tax Office are busy mak
ing up the "military roll." Before the
charter went into effect the Tax Col
lector received about $2500 for this
work. Xow he* is penalized, under the
State law, if the roll is not completed
at a certain date.
Receipts of Board of Works.
The financial report for JanWary of
Cashier Donahue of the Board of
Works shows that the receipts ,„ for
various permits issued amounted! to
$13,009 08. The disbursements were
SS561 74.
Suit for Infringement.
In the United States Circuit Court
suit was eommenced^&gainst the Stand
ard Gas Engine Company yesterday by
the Union &as Engine Company for an
Infringement of the Union Company's
gas engine patents. On account of tho
alleged Infringement the Union Company
asks for an injunction and Carnages
against the Standard Company. . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3. 1904.
OFFERS CHANGE
IN THE RULES
Grain Committee Recommends
Some Amendments to Effect
Local Wheat Transactions
CRITICISM IS INVITED
Reported Purpose Is to Widen
Scope of Dealings and to Pre
vent Cornering of the Market
Important changes have been sug
gested for the rules governing the
transactions in wheat by 'the Mer
chants' Exchange grain board. The
recommflndallons come from the com
mittee on grain. They were posted yes
terday in both departments of the Ex
change by Secretary Friedlander and
criticisms in writing were invited. The
question of adoption will come up on
Friday next. The purposes of \he
amendments, as explained by members
of the grain committee, are to widen
the scoDe of wheat dealing, to prevent
cornering and to conform to the prac
tice in Eastern exchanges. The notice
thatc was posted yesterday is a3 fol
lows:
The followine proposed amendments to the
rules governing the grain trade "are under con
sideration by the committee on grain. The
committee will act on the rules on Friday next.
Members having any criticisms are requested
to submit same in writing at the secretary's
office:
To rule 9 add section 7 — In making delivery
on time contracts «m No. 1 wheat the seller
ehall have the risht to deliver in lots of 2000
centals*, either No. 1 white wheat, ><o. 1 So
nora wheat or No. 1 Walla Walla red wheat,
standard of the Chamber of Commerce of Port
land. Ore., to be adopted by the Merchants'
Exchange. Should Walla Walla white wheat
be delivered, seller must deliver and buyer
shall receive and pay for the same at an al
lowance of 5 cents per cental below contract
price. Should No. 1 Sonora be dell\-ered. a
like allowance of lij cents shall be made.
To rule 8 add section 7 — Unless otherwise
or especially mentioned at the time of mak
ing trade«, all time contraet3 for wheat shall
he for No. 1 wheat, delivery of same to be
made under the conditions of rule 9. section 7.
To rule 9 add section S — Upon thirty days'
notice the board of directors may make
descriptions of wheat other than those set
forth in section 7 of this rule. Deliverance en
time contracts for No. 1 wheat and such add
ed grades of wheat can be delivered on con
tract then in existence; provided, however,
that no description of wheat shall be added on
which an allowance of more than 5 cents per
cental is trade.
Reports on Slot Machines.
The Police Commission yesterday
filed a report with the Supervisors
relative to the ordering out of slot ma
chines in a number of saloons on July
21. 1902. The owners have petitioned
for the return of licenses paid for the
quarter and the report shows the
names of "owners and when they were
cited to appear for failing to comply
with the law.
■ O ■ w
;© Have You Started Your Ivory City Portfolio? ( 0 ° •
1 Tf)e Dainty ar)q| Instructive Repro- ). • ®
; 9 o • . •.•"* \ 1 „ ©
,g ° o ductions in Color of ° ) §
o 1 — > o
0 ° * ©
if World s Fair Portfolio Series f
j Q \ Can be obtained only through The Sunday Call. IirigiCrprisIng, Aggrca- ) O
[•• c r \ sive nnd Substantial Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily offers its \ » "•
® ( readers a feature that can be bound In portfolios, framed and in other ( »•
S ( ways preserved and handed down to future generations, commemorating f g
I 0 c ) one of the great events In the world's* history and the greatest of the ) q
I © \ new born twentieth century. . ) 9
S • ' - - •
• r ' r ■ ' ; ' .5 . - ' o 9
\9 : - *' '- '- - " ■ • ■ ) , - ' : ■:'■ ■■ ■ °- '■ '•-•''■< ' '• ' > • •
p , ■ - ' . ■ ;>■'; ■ ' ■ ■ . ;, • • .- .''■ -- i 9
jo - ;- , -,- - ' V ■ ' •* o
9 '.} . ' : " ; , ' : : . -.' ■. 1 /.• V '■' ■■ ■ '■■■.- :■ '£> '. : * '" I O
9 Ir--.. - '■:■:-■■.■ - . - - « 9
9 . : t ■■ ■ :-.■' ■■■ :■■■ ■ - ' ■ - ■ ' - , r - - / . .-.I- •
O P~ ssssb^ssssssss^ mmm—mmmM-m—-^^mmm—mmmimmimmmmmmimmmwmmmmmmmmmmmmM—mmmmmm—mmmmmmmm—mmmmm—mmmmmmmm^
• I The Second of tbe Series Will Be Issued Sunday, February 7, 1904 j g
9 1 TT .. . l 9
o Cut Out This Descriptive Matter and Paste on ; g
S the BacK of Picture. ! © §
9 ■' 1 9
9 The Palace of Education occupies one of the most prominent places I •
9 In the Elxposltlon, and justly so, as this distinction is only consistent with ©
® the theory upon which the entire organization Is based, viz.: that educa- ©
2 tion Is the source of all progress. ©
J X I From Its inception the aim has been to select an edticntionnl exhibit 2
0 0. that would be national In Its scope, to present comprehensively and 0
© systematically the educational methods in vogue In this country and to | ! q
© assemble for comparison and scientific study contributions from all for- O
• cign nations noted for educational progress and research. ©;
S The architectural construction in this Universal Exposition affects the ©
q majestic In tho Great Ivory White Exhibit Palaces, historical in the «* j
0 j foreign and State buildings, all-world, realistic and unique in concession j J
© structures. ©
• The Palace of Education Is a rarely graceful structure of modern 1 | 9
2 classic architecture, is surrounded by a majestic Corinthian, colonnade. ; ©
S covers seven acres of ground and Is in the heart of the Exposition. ©
q ■ The brilliancy of the coloring, enlivened by a lagoon bordered by a j g
© \ I balustrade ornamented wittf statuary, impart life and realism to tho f J
o© scene. 1 ©
• These pictures will -doubtless be sold in portfolio form in tho near ©
5 future at prohibitive figures. .. , 1 m
q You can ODtaln the tnl1 set f ? r ft^solutely nothing by subscribbig for j •
•I THE SAN PRANCISGO CALL 1 1
J —~ — : —^ : — : " ".. -i - :-- ■•-. -.-" — ,.-^>:--.;.- ■ — — — — r-r-Vg
BORNEO ISLES
NOT DESIRED
General, Wood Gives British
Official Assurance of the At
titude of the United States
POSSESSIONS WORTHLESS
Flag Is Raised on a Few
Groups That Sultan of Jolo
Might !Nofr Dispose of Them
! LONDON, Feb. 2.— Ernest W. Birch,
Governor of British North Borneo, who
has arrived here, says General Leonard
Wood, while recently at # Sandakan,
.capital of North Borneo, informed him
that fhe question of the ownership of
the islands off the coast of Borneo,
over which a United States war vessel
had hoisted the American flag, would
Le amicably settled, as there was no
•eirong desire on the part of the Amer
icans to keep them.
• WASHINGTON, Feb. 2. — Investiga
tion here r,how# that Genernl Wood wa3
fully authorized to make the statement
attributed to him relative to an ami
cable settlement of the ownership of
the Islands off the coast of Borneo. The
issue as to the /ownership of these is
lands was made by the dispatch to
those waters by Admiral Evans of the
gunboat Qulros, v.hich hoisted the
United States flag on some of the is
. land?. They are said to be practically
but, fearing that the Sultan
of Jolo might undertake to bestow
them on some other nation, the ques
tion was placed in the hands of General
1 Wood with the single understanding
that the islands are to be declared part
of either the British or the American
possessions. It is presumed that Gen
eral Wood will report to Washington
in accordance with his statement to the
Governor of Nqrth Borneo and that the
question will be finally settled by a
treaty or protocol between the United
States and Great Britain.
Ilonlln Rill Practically Dead.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 2. — Con
sideration of the Honlin bill, which in'
effect seeks to disfranchise the negro
voier on the ground of illiteracy, was
postponed Indefinitely to-day by the
House. This virtually kills the meas
ure.
SAXTA ROSA. Feb. 2.— Deputy State Game
Warden Goonre C. Matthews arrested Frank
■\Valsamott nrnr Cloverdale yesterday on a
charge of klllinr dfor in th<» close<l seacon.
AValpnmctt was fined $25. The depr was cap
niTtii in a rrap on the Marlon Cooper ranch
ami then «laln.
DELEGATE GETS
A HARD BLOW
Chicago Fh*m Discusses Mat
ters With Twelve Work
men, Averting General Strike
BUSINESS AGENT IGNORED
Employes "Who Represent the
Unions Have • No Trouble
in Settling Their Disputes
CHI&AGO, Fefc. 2. — Elimination of
business agents and other union of
cers in deliberations between employer
and employe for the readjustment of
wages, it Is believed, has averted a
general strike and lockout of 1200
members of the Paintworkers* Union
of Chicago. Instead of dealing with
the labor leaders the proprietors of
the paint factories of the city, mem
bers of the National Paint Manufac
turers' Association, submitted their
case to juries o'f twelve actual work
ingmen from each shop.
A tentative agreement, practically
satisfactory to both sides, has been
submitted tcf the Manufacturers' As
sociation by the union, based upon re
ports made by the various shop com
mittees. The agreement, it is said, will
be accepted by the employers, to
whom is left the "open shop" and the
question of settling the wage scale.
THEATRICAL. COVENANT
HAS HIDDEN MEANING
Klaw & Erlanger and Stair & Havlln
Agree to Divide Territory and Shut
Ont Independent Stars.
CINCINNATI, Feb. 2.— Referring
to a New York dispatch that Klajv &
Erlanger and Stair & Havlin had
agree-d not to conflict with each other
in theatrical business, the Times-Star
says to-day it gives no adequate idea
of the meaning of the agreement. The
fact is, eays the Times-Star, that the
entire popular priced field of the Unit
ed States is turned over to Stair &.
Havlin. This firm in turn abandons
the higher class theatrical field, ex
cept the Majestic Theater in New
York and the Globe Theater in Bos
ton. The most complete fact is that
the arrangement shuts out the inde
pendent players entirely, as., neither
Stair & Havlin nor Klaw & Erlanger
will play the independent stars.
SAN DIEGO. . Feb. 2.— The contract fcr Ike
construction of the San DJeco Eastern Rall
r^nd from tata city to Yuma h»* been left to
the San Diego Conntroction Company.
V© ' EATLWAY TBAVEL.
/r'^-^^^fe. " """"7
V^ {^ e w^ole story of the
Golden State
WMmm '» 7^^ class of trans -conti- I
wWik ■ J^y^^''" nental travelers -
H^LVa £^w y 'BS equipment h the finest ohuia-
f 1 LTO ij ,~rf^l * , ■ December 35 to April 19, for
LLpi* «A^ »• 'I 1 ' . • Topcka, Kansas Ciry ar.d
■3?tX^ J • Chicago. Rar«thr-/ El Puo
! „ ' r I I * * Ticketj, berths and literatare at this office, aad at
• I " Southern Psiinc ticket offices. Vj^ffnBir
C. A. RUT^ERFORD> lj**SaMmllni
6?^ Mirtet St., Sa^ Francisco, Cal. gP^4tf*all«lS
1 CALIFORNIA
LIMITED JO CHICAGO
. LEAVES DArLY.
at J)«;i» a. m.. throtsgrb ia 3 d»ra,
. with diner asd' all traupiTj»-n.
Other. Santa P« Trslaa;
i : :]2 a P-\ for Stockton, Fresno. Ba^ersJWd.
8-OOp' nij Merc * d# Han<ord • nd v ««a'l»-
'.4ft0p. ft. for 6tocSton." . *
'8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, .Graftd Caflyon and
Ciilcaro. »
TICKET orriCES— *341 Karke* rx. and
Ferry Depct, 3. F. Also .1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 Sontfc Firs",
St., San Jcse. ; . . •'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWEiitERN RY;CO.
° LESSEE
' M& FRANOlii,U >J»j o NurtIH PACIFIC
? RAILWAY COMPANY.
TiburoQ Ferry. Foot or K^rket Street. 1
SAK JB ANCISCO TO SmS EArAEL.
WEEIv DAYS-i:.^. 11:{A> a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5: IV. 6:30 y. m. Tnu. sdays — Extra trip
, o at 11:30 o. m. ■>--■
Saturdars — F.s,rra trip' at 1.50 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8 :CO, 9:30. U-CO a- m.; 1:30. 3:30.
= 5:00. 6:20. H:30°p m.
SA27 BAJPAEL TO SAN FHAHCISCO.
WEEK, DATS— 6 :C3. ?:35. 7:5l>. 0:20. 11:13
a. ra.:°12:S0. 3:40. 3:C0.8:20 p. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip, at 2;C5 and 6:35 p. m.
SCNTJATS— 8:CO. 9:-|0. 11:15 s. m.; IMl 3:40.
4:53. .-i:C5. fl;23 p., m.
Leave | ' 3 In, Effect . I Arrive
Pan Francisco. I ?<apt. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
We$k I Sun- 1 Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Para. I days. | o ttert. | days. | Pars-
5^l0a 3:00 & -tclO'a ' slioTa
9:30 a • ° Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . «:03 p 6:20 p
8:10 p S:COj) - ' . 7:35 p
0 7:30"a T^ I "• &7l0~a 8:40 a
8:00 a 0 Nova to. 10.:40* I0:?6 *
3:150 p 9:M* Petalama «:0Sp «:20 p
5:ipp 3:30« and | 7:03 pi
fitOO p o Santa Rosa. | |
7:30 a I ~~" 10:40 a!10:2o"a
S:00a Fntlon. 7:33 p 6:20 p
° 5:30 p 3:30 p |
°f» ° Windsor, ' - v|
o 7:3Qa S:00a Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20a
° o o Lyttcn.
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyserrlUe. 7:33 p «:20 p
» Clorerdate.
7:30a| 8:00 a! "Vlcpiand 110:40 a|10:20 a
,3:3<frpl 3:3Op| and Uklah. . | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:fOa| Wlllita. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:.}0»J 8:00 a! ' 110:40 a|10:2Oa
3:30 pi 3-30 p( Guernevilie. \ T:35p| 6:29 p
,7:30a| 8:0Oa| Sonoma. . 1 9:10 at ":40a
■.yBilOpj 5;00 p| fllen Ellen. | 6:05 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0Oa| " I10M0 a|10:2Oa
3:30p|3:30p( SebotoooL | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bras for Saa
Qu«ntln; at Saata Rosa (or White Sulphur
Springs, nt Fulton f.-.r Altrurta and Mar'- West
Springs; at Lytfon tot Lytton Springs: a: Gey-
cervilJe for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the * Geysers, Bocnevtll* and Greenwood; at
Hopland fcr Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelgeyvllle. Carlsbsd Sprtcgs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratrga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Wftter Springs. Upp*? Lake. Porao,
Potter Valley. Jota. Day's, Rlvcrilde, Uerlya
Bucknell's. SanheA-ln Heights. Ilullville. Orr's
Hot Ir.prlnKs. Halfway Hou>«. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Men4odno City, Fort Bragg,
T/estport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
; Wcstport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vlllj, Cummlnjs. BelKa Spring*. Harris. Ol-
«en"f. Dyer. GarbenrlHe. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. * '-" .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tlc-«ts at re-
duced rates. \£J
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael nt half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chrontel*
building-
H. C. WHITINO. B. X. F.7AN.
Gen. Manar*r. Hen. Pa»s. Agt.
■ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY, ,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO/Etc
via Sansalito Ptrrr.
Suburban Service. swn .^^ a 1 u /%? ( £ : *T %£
Depart from San kra^^V^Sj^.i-Ta-ia 4 : is"
<k-nn irt-oo ll - wa. m.. 12.20, 1.43. B.19. 4:10,
—Dally— 5:25, t»:35. 7:40. 8:J5. .>.».« .03 a.
m.. 12:20, lyfft 2:55. 3:45. 4:4^. 5:43, «:».
8^OM^Mltw'AIXET TO SAN FHAJf.'
.7:03. »:00. trains
8-00 a. m. dally— Caiadero and way Btatlona.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday! exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdaya — Caxadero and m'-y sta-
°Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICK— 628 Market et. . - . '
FERnY— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L«avc TiaSiasUits fsrry ArriT*
SaaFranctaco fssl sf lUrtst sX Saa Fraadac*
"Week Son- _JB8L_ Sosv Week'
Days- days <*»T» Day^.
•1I13 1*M:00a flStt/aaaial 12:0»f10:4C4
•I:46p 9:00a 1&&»5<9£» l:25r3:50»
*:15r 1O:OOa »:»Or S:5Op
ll:OO A 4:SOr t:l«*
l:45p 6:5»p.«^__
■ ■1-IHf *.M1».
■OfjMt Tta stsfi fcr *^ Ms>s» sal TTJrr fcsja
ncilt I «36 Majuckt ST.(Nort]| Shore RailroadJ
OT13S I aad Saot aixto Kiautv. Foot Markst St.
ji^P^I MENANDWOMEH.
•^^tU^CUSEs^S Cm Big O for nnnstnral
O&W\ la 1 to t UnX* ditcbarget.lnSaiumstioa*.
BSSm Oa»r»at«I H Irritation! or oleeratlooi
CChf noiu«ri«ur.. of macooi marabrsnst.
s^-^ Tm*m* c«u«H«. Psialssi, and not aitrla-
BKlTHiETHSC^EMKAlto. g«nt or poiionous.
U^ci!»oimTi.o.|CT •«"»»y»'"»» l - u '
«SBa. 8.8. a. JbXF^ or s<nt In plsln wr»py>.
by «xpre«i. prepaid. lor
VVHmHKfirV tl.00. or 3 bottles 12.73.
" Ctxcoiar test oa tKQirk ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrmlna le»ve »nti are da« to arrive *t
SAN FUANCISCU.
<M«ln Line. Foot of Market Street )
li«ti — fiuta Feagf A>ii 1. UtA. — «»kit»
7.00* V»c*Tllle. Winter*. Kiuntejr 7 50p
7.09a Benicla. Suit ua. El:n:« .i ftnd 3^.-rv
b Diento..-. : 720p
7^0a ValleJCN jra;-", C«tUtotf». 3mnta
ICom. Marila«z. San lumon 6 20"
730* Nl!f*. LtTermore. Trmc) . L«ttiroi».
»:oci:i>n ;.....'..?.... 7 20*
••00a Sli»»t» Exprett— (Vt» DarU).
WtUlarrtt {tor Oart'.nt Springs).
WtJiowi. tFrnco. ' Ueil U.a.t.
> Portland. Tacotna. Seattle 7-50*
• CO* Pant. Woodland. Knljchu LnadinSi
JUrysTllle, OroTliie/ 7-50f
••30a Port Costa. Martinez. Anttoch.
Byron. Trmcy, Stocktoa.,-Sew-
'nu, Los H.vnvi. Mew Jots,
. - Armona. IlaaXurd. V I • a 1 ! a,
PorterTille •. .V. 4.20*
8-33* Port Conta, Martinez, Trmcy. Lat2^
rop. Modewo, Merced. Fretno.
Ootnen Janction; Hanford.
Vltalta. BafcersSeld 4 50-*
•■3Sa jrtles. San Jom. LI*ermore. Stock-
too, (tMUton). lone. Sacramento,
PlaeerTllio. »JarysTtlle. CS!c>.
Ued BJnff :...'. 4-20?
8 30* Oakdale. Chinese. Jameatova. S>
nor*. Taolomne and Angela 4 ?Cp
9 00* Atlantic Express— Ogden and E*»t. 11.20*
8 30* BJchmond. MarUnei and Way
' Si»:!on» .-J...-- 8 50r
1000* Ttie Orrrtand Lfmfred - t'Jgdeo.
Denver. Omaba. Chicago. 8 20?
1000a Vallejo 1220*
10.00^ Los Angles P*.«»en»fer — Port
Coota. Martinez. Bjroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, fioshen Jnnc-
■ ' tion. Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsaila.
. ■ Bakersaeld. Los An«e:«s 720f
2.C0» Hayward. Slles and Way Stations. 3 20.-
ti-OOr Sacramento lUTer Steamer*.. tii.OUr
SXOr Bealcla. 'Winters. Sacrament*
WwlUi«l. KnlgQts Landing.
Marysvine, Oro»llle and way
• auUont R 'Sf?*
S.JOr llayward, Nlles andWay Swtlons.. 7 &0r
3.30r Tort Costs. Martinez. Bjroa.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modest-*.
Merced. Fresno 'and Way Star
tion s beyond Port Costa 12 2t>
3 30* Martinez. Trary. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20*
4 00 r liart!n»z.S»alUroon.Val!ejo,Xs;>a,
Callstoita. Santa Kusa. 9 2J>
4C0f Nllr*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.2**
4,30p Ha) ward. Nlles. lrrlngum. Saa) tt.SO*
' Jose. LITenaore- ) tii.SO*
o-COr Th« Owl Limited— Newmsa, Lo«
ltano*. M-t..!ih*. Ftbsbow TuUre, .
BakersSeld. Los Angeles.
Goldea State Llmtied Sleeper.
-- Oakland to Lot Ange!e*. for Chi-
i eago, Tla C. B. I. * P 850*
5C0r Port Costa. Trncy. 8tockton 1220*
t5 S0r Hayward. Kites acd San Jose 7 20*
f. 00p nayward.Kllesaoti San Jose. 9 iQ*
t-OOr Eastern Express— Opden. DaaTor. ■ •
Omaha. 6t. Loals. Chicago and
Cast. Port Costa. Bentcta, Sat-
fTi fan. Elvira, DaTl». Sacramento,
.. liocklin. Auburn. Coif ax,
Trackee. Boca. Reno, Wadt-
worth, WInnemucca 5 20*
B.OOf Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I -, -»_
700» Vallejo. Sunday only c ••»«'
7.00' klchmoad. San Pablo. Port Costa, •
Martinez snd Way Stations 11 23*
8-C5r Oregon A California Expreis— Sao-
rameato, MarytTlUe. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sonad and East. 8-504
9.10? Haywaru. SlJes aad Saa Jose (Sua-
dayoaly) 11.604
COAST LINE (.iarr«w Uans^j.
_2 (Foot of Mirlitt Street.)
'•.15a Newark, CemerrlKr. San Jose.
FeltoD. Boulaer Creek. Saata
Cras aid Way Statloaa. 5 53?
t2.15r Newark. CentenrlUe. Saa Jose,
New Almadea. Los Gato«.Fe;ton.
Baulder Cre«k, Santa Cras and
■'■ ; Principal Way Buttons t'OSS*
. 4.15i" Newark. San Jose, Los Qatos and S »8.55 4
way st»tU)D» ) :13;>5»
*9-30r HontarsTratn. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Retura-
tag from Los GaU>s Saadsy only. Yt 25r>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frossi SAN yUANClSCO. Foot of Market St. (811pi»
-17:13 t:00 \\:W *.M. 1.00 3 00 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O t*:<*
18:03 10-00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Uroa.l t.a»st>.
QT"(lhlrd and lowmend 8trxts.)
8.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations STT?"
7 00* Saa Jose and Way Stations 5 5~*
8 00* New Almaden (Tne*.. Krl<i.. only), 4-10/
• 00a The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jos*.
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter), Tajaro. CastroTllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pactae Grove). SaUnas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Oblspo, principal
o stations tbeace Sarf (connection
for Lompoe). principal stations
thenre Saata Barbsra.San Buena-
rentnra. Saagns. Los Angeles... 18-48*
I. 00a San Jose. Tres Finos, Cspltola,
SaauCraz.P»etacGroTe.9allnaa.
Saa Lois Obtspo and Principal
Wsy Stations 4.10*>
1030* Eaa Jose and Way Stations 1-20P
1140a Bspta Clara, San Jose. Lot Gatos
and Way Stations. 7.30*
1-30r Bta Jose and Way Stations I 38a
SCO' Del Moate Express— Santa Clara,
Eaa Jose. Del Moate. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for P*at» Cruz. Boalder
Creek and Harrow Gauge Points)
st Otlroy for Iloillster. Tres
Pino*, at CastroTllle forSa'.lnas. 12-15*
3-30F Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 4S»
4 30r Baa Jote and Way Stations !3 00*
fSOOr Baa Jose, (via Santa CHra) Los
- Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Bandar) ♦«» C0»
•6-30r San Jete «n4 PrtacJpul Way Stations 19-40*
P L0r »BBset Limited.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose. Gl!roy,Sa!Ina*. Paso Uoblea.
Eaa Lais Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demta?. Rl Pt'o.
'-. JJfw Orleans. New York. Coa-
oects at Pajaro for Santa Crnz
and at Cai»troTt;:« for PactSo
GroTe and Way Stations 7-1tl4
t8 Atr- SaDMateo.Beretford.Belnioai.Satt
Carlos. Bedwood. Pair Oaks,
Memo Park. Palo Alto - r6.44«
6 30p Ban Jose and Way Stations... 8 33*
8 OOp Palo Alto aad Way Stations 13.15*
11 .30r> booth SanFranclsco, MU!brae. Bnr-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont, -
Saa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45?
«11-30r Mayfleld. Mountain View. Suir-'tcBjj
Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and .
San Jose : t».4S»
A for Morniae. Pfor Afternooa.
1 Sanday exeepted. $ Saadty on!/ '
a Stturds* only.
I Stops at sll stations oa Sntrtsy.
DP'Only train* stopping at Valencia St. t
iret:10A.M..7:U0».M.. n:A)*.M..3:-X)r.w-*:»r.M. »34
1:00 T.x. . .
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price LlsU Matlal
on Application.
rSESH AKTD SAXT MEATS.
IAS RHYF^ & C(i Shipping Butchers. 101
JA3. DUIE3 tt LU. c^y. T>1 Matn 12a4-
OIXS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEOXARD & ELLI3.
419 Front at.. S. F. Pnone Main 1719.
PaiNTIKO.
EC. BUSHES. • Mlte ™£ f gj:«.r.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 F£S YEAS,
1112
* * .• "— «»B -* ' • ■„ • . ; ■ ■ . . ' . w^ iB "* ■ . . -^a . r — srr-T
JOZTSt D. SPBrCKSI.S. JPWrietor^
\V. J. MARTJX. . Business Manager
AsV for THH CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the l>f*nartment You wi£n. c
I'uKication Of fit*.. . .Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Xtoora'. . ..217 :o ZSX Stevenson «*
be!ivere<l by Carrier.*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
<:t« Prr M^mli. Hrs'.e Copies 5 »-^' ls - ;
r. rrr.s by Mai.',. Ir.cluCi:^ Postage iCcth W ltn
Order): . c
DAILY CALL flnnud. M^dnjr). 1 year.. $S .00
"AII.Y CAM, ..-.nclud. Sunday). C flics... 4JJO
PAILV CALL— Cr ginsK Month . c *oc
: inlay CAl.I.. 1 Year ♦•' 2-«>
IVEEKLY-CitLL . Year ' 10 °
".•OSTAGE | v -okly. 100 r>r Ytar Extra
sample 7 Cor^ Jjj°™rde« ,*•»** r~
Mall subscriber, m^rdertnr .change -cfa<"-
.iresTehould .be partitulsr *■» * !v * V« h **; E^
ANUCU) ADDRESS to order to g«»£
lTCir.pt antt ccr.ect compliance , with taelr re-
CAK"-AXD OFFICE. * <
HIS Broafiway .Tetephene Main iqp3
BERKELEY OFFICE."; ' - '
S14J Center E?»-eet Telcrfcone «i ,
WASinsoroN correspondent.
FAMUEL W. WALL : *..:*Hotel Bjrttjn
NEW lOr.K NEWS ETAXDS:* I"
V.-alfcr* Astoria Hotel: A. Er»"*no. 31
Vr.ion Square Murray Hill HojteV; Flftli-ave-
nue Ho\«l -»r1 IicJTir.an House. <c..%
CHICAGO NEWS ETANPS. °
ShermE.-n House; P. O. News Co.: Cre«»
STcnhtrn I'of.-l; Tremont House; Aucltorium #
Hotel; Palmer House. c o ; . " <>
O'-MCAGO r.EPRESKNTATIVE:* -
C. GlSO£7E KIlOONESS;.U«rffuette ! IiuiWlRg
lLoiig D:bi*n,* T<"lej>hGQ.e. .."central 2Cra. J
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
£TEPIiE>: B. 5MITH...X0 Tribute Building
NET.' YORK CORRESPONDENT. „ "
C. C. 'CAI rLTON . ■-..°- ./lieroii £c.uare
BfPINE^S OFFICE of She ,-Sas 'Francisco
Call: i'.-<jer Ma: Ice* and Third wtreet*: open
until 12 o'oltx-k fvty ntelit in'Vhe year. .;
' BRANCH cOKFI«:ES: o
IOC* ilmfkft fctreet. eppoette Fifth; until
1 1 I*. TO. .- . • o "
:c~ Mmotcom-ry street, fccrnrr £}ay; open un-
til n:30 p-' m. . r j*- „
."^f» H;iy<v sirret; open ostil 0;30 c p. m.°
t::si McAll Jifr. *tr<wt; rrvB uft'.ll 9:30 p. m. „
•:i5 Lirk'i. street; uf>en until !»:»0 p. *m. :
V.'4I '.'■■.•• ftri'e.t; open until 10 y. fa.
SCI Market street, corner Sixt^entR;* open ua-
nl ■•. I', nv. . C, ."' '
1.-<; Eleventh ftg*t±i open,ur.l!l •'p. m.
livj Valencia sttrtet; open ustfl ft p. m° o
N.M-.h'art rorner .Cauri-h *nd t D»:ncan etjeets;
.or>»i. until 9 n. m. - ,
North* set corner cf Twer.ty-seCT^na an* Ken-
tucky titr'*?tF> ODM1 until 9 p.°m. o
n** 1 " Fillmore etre't; open vnti* 1 9- D. m.
5IEETI-\G NOTICES. °
C.U.IFO'JXI.V Charter ■ of Rose r-i
«>ols No, 7. A an.l A. S. R.J C2» ! I
Sutter ft. — Called me. ting THIS* ~Vf I
tWCDSES&AX} KVENING. lit » *W — '
o'clock. Eipmeenth d«^ree. All c H"
KniKhr« Rose Croix cordially in- ° H I c
vited. CJIAS. JELLl.VEK.' • J I °
o Secretiirj^ °«— '
CALirortNIA Council No. 2, Ri and S. o » *
M., will meet THIS « WEDNESDAY* VV
i:\ENING. Feb :;, at 6 «' alack, for, /V\
li'ii-Incs* ai.J durrc-es. By order of .
;he T. 1. M. FRANKLIN H. PAY, Rec. ■
y.'H'.VT Monah I^.-4ce Na 44.' F. 'and Q
A. M.— «5' - it#d mw'tlnE THIS.fWKD-'YY
NE6DAYI EVENING, at >.:iQ o'clock. /V\
111 ICO FP.OLICH. Stcretary. « °
' ::'.<KETT Lodge,. No. l.">9, F, c and A. o"^
M.— Stat.-ti rr.eeilng and third <le|rree*vV"
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EAEyiN<^ at i^r\
7:3o o'clock. By 'order of the \V. M.
ii. H. McPHEttiSOaf. gecretan-.
UXCKLtflOR X^jdee JJo. J60 -F. and A. ©
M. — Sifted !.■-, t :rt THIS TOEU.NES- *W <
DAY) HV1INING. at 7:^0 o'clock;
, H. J. OWEN, sJecrctar/. „ i
il'iRtE Lodge Sn. 207 I O cO
K-— Initiation J III- i:VKXlN"(;.\-:<»fi»j33fc
■ ' ; 3 A rull attendance rr- : i*^#»*>5 i i
•tuest^d. Victors cordially m- ""^isS^^
\ited. E. Y. SCOT'tS N. G * " «
«'■ BRIND, Rec. Sec. c r ° < . •
IVANIIGL Not 5. K. of P.. wlM
c-mfer the 1 kright rank (long 'form) £5£>-f
UEDyEfinAY. February 3. 1004, at >33& <
Pythian '"irstle. Uud^ Marlict st.. at «?3>
S ■'•>» ;>. m. MfTr.bers of titter loag**
ccMially invited. JXJ \V. BANKS, C. C i
O. XC'ItCP..Ofaij. K. of R. and S.' . '
JVATiONAL Union. Tnlifiii X M _]JlIaa' n_. '*
aim Council, rnt-eti T.'»- -
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. ,>gL ."
Fcurth et., at S o'clock. c - I
Vititir-e friends ccrdlalrj- ciavitefi; initiation.
Ey orcer. E A. M. GILBERT. President-
C. H. V\.N ORL-EN, Secretary. c °
Al'STRIAN Beievolent Society **. t -r*-?
i:-tij.!<: meeting WEDNESDAY aK«
EVENING. )-• r. 3. 11*04, at their '
hall. «ia Sutter Ft., at, 7«0- sharp «^dfS
The proposition of consolidation will be'
brought un fcr final Fettlpment. Each and
♦-very meir.uer is ordered to °be prffer.t and
bear the ten:.s and ttj.te their objortions <if
ikj1 tK?fore final vote I* t&Jcra. c Fines for"
nr-n-att»-r.<3fcnce will br- strictly imposed The
roll wil! be called. By -order,- of
J. \v. FTAiTEART. Eresfdent.
De WITT W. TOLL. Rec. o gec.°
ANNUAL Meetlr.F— Tt* regular annual oQeet- 1
>ng of the stockholders cf The Ic#
Ccmpany will be held ct the ofBce of the
company. 327 Mirket st.'. San Francisco Cal
rm WEDNE C LAY. the 3d lg.y of February
1004. at the V;c«ir of 11 o'clock a. m.f »or t!»»
rurpoee cf electing a boar<l of directors to
s n-e for the errtilag year 'and the tran*ac- ,
\!cn of sued ether business as may <eom«
tefcr* the metting. '' o f - ! » c
-;'■_. - J. T. DONAHUE, <
AWUAL Meehnr^The regular annual meet-
irr of the rtockholders of the Union Treat
<".:?r;M>r.y of San Krancisco will be held at the
crfice cf t^p -?nmpany ira the Cnittn Tru«t
Company's 'building, ccrne?-- Post. Montgcm-
«:y f,nd Markt^ - «*.. San Frandeco. Cal on
THURSDAY, tbe 4th. day of February, lboi.
et the b'.ur o:c2 o'clock p. m.. It or the pur-
l-ctt of «->ctinc a b'yard ofi directors to .serve
rcr th« rrllowing year, the amendment of the
t>-:«ws cf 'he company andcthe transaction
if t'jch «>th«r business as may come before
the meetirg.
CHAR LES J. DEERrNQ. Secretary.
T " E «nnual '.hating "of th<£ stockholders of
.' v. 1c T a ,. ?a " 1lr * y C°niP«ajr. of Calif ocr.la
V U .^ h A lc 5* th , e l* fic^ ** xh « comply.
No. 223 Crook»r bulging. City an d Coun^
i'LfV ncl!K> o. State of California on
MONDAY, the Kth day of february lsSi «
*;* hcur cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for thi pu?po£
cf electing director* for the ensuing year
»ad the transact)^- o ; EUC h other bu«in#», as
i.iJ-- com* before v >-:aid meeting Dated it
t-an Fr«ncl»co. Cal.. January 23 ia»i o a
D FRESHMAN, Secretary ' ° *
ANNUAL Meeting— J ne regular^ annual meet
ing cf the rt~*bolders ct th* Mat son Natil
tratlon Compiuiy vrV.l he held at "fl," offle* of
the company. :a7 Market i=ti. San Franciero
Cal.. rn THUnfiDAT. th- lib, Jay of Feb^l
rrj'. UTH, at the hour of 2 o'cJock p. m ™r
OEORr-.E A. DOTJgLASS. Secretary. .
AGEXTS y-AXTED. o ~~
SOLICITORS wanfd-Eslarj- j45~to~$C7~|^
E£m io WO c"^ "p^T^ C ° Market ■ t -
A^VEETiSEMEjrT WBITOTO.
JiAVINf? recently a«ju1r«^l"through" e "icha'nire
r.TJ . «r l ! "' at 25 r *^ nt ''i'count to?
,'r. h L ttirh roat S* teaches aivfrtipement writ-
ln»? by cort^fVK-mdence end afslEts its grad-
i-tte, to Mcnrc po=Iticns: cut.ioM^ f Ur .
nl<-h<-<« on appi^ailon. A-idr'ry bci 3020. Call.
ATT : oh XE Yf -AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNEn "^ *
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice free. Phone South 74.*:
Suite Kmma Sr'w-keU building
T>lyorces quietly ar.d l.^aily obtains for
••«ht causes; Jcmages secured for injuries to
Itrton cr eftste;- replevins for property un-
laa-fully detained: attachments tnd garnUb-
trents for debts; bonds furafrhed; bankrurncy
proceeding; wills probated; r-«tcte S settled-
elections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for j small fee.
hte rr.» end save sjon«-y; no |.«y in advance
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNKY-AT-LAW '
;>t«l>liEh<?il 22 yrK.; rmr. 1. 1. C: 4 & 5. 1st fl
1J22 Market «=t.. br.twren Maj=nn nnd Taylor*
Adv»c# free ail matt»rs. Dcu-rtlves employed!
ADVICIVFRKK. !
rclumbfan Li* «nd Collection Agency,
fl'-r.m 8."i. QIC Market ft.; tel. John C228.
•♦n'OltCE — Costs, $12; «julrk. quiet; advice
tn*: cpeo cvenler*. 027 Market *U. r. SOL
A'FTOn XEY-AT-L A W — Confirmed.
R! oK KING. Atiorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room Oil; established 20
years? ail cafes; general court arM office prac-
tice; bo fee" In advance or for consultation;
evenings by eppolnfment. Tel. Red oOiil.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In, meritori-
ous cases: divorces, probate and all other law
cares; no fees in iidvance: open every even-
in*?. 3. M. THURSTON. 813 Market a;., r. 31.
L. S. CLARK. O27^Markct St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
IIIRDS, DOGS. ETC'
tilting out Holler Canary Bird?, males and^e--,
males: Goldfinch Canary ir.uies. :S1^S lt!th St. .
nrsiixEss chaaces^^^^
A^— $l?00; PABTJCEB r.anted in coffee swloon
and restaurant, lew doors from Market St.;
a Well-oaylas business clearing about $300
l-er nicr.th. only reason for owner to take a
jiarrvii" are tlie long hours for him; he needs
a Ktvod assistant. Call R. G.. WILKE. -'O'.i
Kcarny St.
A— $1200; BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present qwmr 17 3»ar«; bakes 4% barrels
"pep day; dqily sales $45; living" rooms. Call
iL G. WILKE. 20Vi Kcarny st.
A— $3500— The leading restaurant of this city;
. rent. $150^ surrounded by 3 theaters; private
. boxes '.for ladlfs; a first-clans paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 23"4 Kearny st.
A— $l"250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore;, close to o Market and Stockton sts.;
lante stock; cleans at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. See 4U
G. WILKE. 2Q\<, Kcarny St..
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy \ store,
p wltti living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location In the" Mission. §»o R. G.
"VNILKE. 20Vi Keamy st.
A— faEOO- SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth st. Market and Stockton;
p!ar« epeaks for Itself; all particulars. R. G.-
WILKE. 20?» Kearqy st.
A — $5500; CORNER saloon In .wholesale dis-
tricts 7 ycare' lease: eslabl. 30 years: cjeara
about J400 per month. R. G. TTILKE, 26V4
JCearn^- st. ' : •
A— $."X50: SALOON, with mercantile . lunch a
la 'irarte: r-atronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on wick bed. otherwise $7000
would net "buy the businet-s; lea&e and fine,
flat. R. G. 3VILKE.' 2C^ Kearny St.
CORNER French liquor store, with
4eap<=; lafsre cellar: card and private rooms;
Vcjif by owners for years; fullest investiga-
tion 'solicited.' See R. G. WILKE. 26!&
Kearny St. • •
A— $1800; GROCERY "and fear, with • 16 fur-
° niched rooms: 5 gears' l.eas<>: rent $C5; a
business where man and wife easily can
<-lear S300 ocr month. Particulars R, G.
\\ltKE. 20^3 Kear^y st. • ■ .
A— $:J(XK"; HOTKL with iO rooms, 45 beds; bar,
dfciiag and reading rooms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 miks from jthls city: place clears
$.100 i>er feonth. i=ge It. .G. WILKE. 2UV4
Kearny st. •
F. A.- BROOK BANK. Phone Folsom 1S46.
BUSINESS AGENT. °
,917 Market 5t.. bet. 5th and Cth.
A— $1CO; CIGAR stand., transfer comer; good
stock anj fixtures;,, rent $S. Only with
Cj J*P.0OKBANK • "
A — $125: DELICACY" store; good stock; fine
location: ." living 'rooms; cheap rent. See
BROOKBANK. *
A— JS50; CIGAR stan<i; Market St.. near Call
« bkfg\ ; daily receipts $25; lease. oBrookbank.
A— $r.00; HRANCJi bakery," grocery, notions.
"raAdies. cigars, tobaccos; receipts $12 daily;
« furn. livins rnif. ; rent $20. I3P.pQKBA.NK.
• Ai-;$350; PARTNER \p. well establisBed office'
business: c no experience required: this Is a
fine chance, for party who is s=atlsn><i with
$1C« month; investigate-. Eee BROOKBANK..
A— BRANCH bakery, candles, notions, etc; 3
» furn. living rms.; make offer. BRQOKBAN'K.
A»-$"25: CJGAR stand: near "Market; best lo-
cation: large stock; laundry pays. rent. See
BROOKBANK. • :
A— $J7r>; PARTNER for 10-acre chicken ranch;'
house, barn, chickens, etc. BROdKBANK,
917 Market et." • T-^r •
A— $7(.«0; 14 ROOMS,, nicely "furnished; Al Jo-,
rent $40; bart-cash. haUr t ce time..
*ee BROOKBANK. "J17 Market rt.
A. CAMERAS & CO .".I'hcne South 1050
r 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all 'Jand:- of business chances.
O^er and rhoD houses $350 to $1000'
Candy and icecream parlors $20<Mo $25CO
Barber rhoii* .''." to $'.',V)0
««'Igar stands $350 to $20"H).
" Groceries and bars : $500 to $5000
Saloons V $300 to $tO,0<)0
Restaurants V.'.t ». .$350. to $aO,00Q
Vrull *nd veitetable stores $300 Ur J1CHK)
Drugstores : $2OOf> to $<XHK>
Delicatessen stores ..." $250 to $4500
FOR *a!e of trade-r-Qufcrtz mine; fine pros'pect;
located in Cal.; assays <$-tl> to $70 ton; trade_
for c'mg hous?or busrce.sg. CanJeron. 3oEddy. :
FOR sale — TVell-iocatM candy store: all 'equip-
ped for meklnK own "onndles; •ectablli'hecJ- 8
years; clearinir over ?2<>t* per. monttf: will in-
.- voice about $1200. c « C.VJSERON, 3 Eddy. st.
FOR'xale — One of the -best restaurants in city;
chrap ren\; receipts' $75-*,o $lO«iper d£y: will
bear invtsti«r;rticn; price $1300. CAMERON
•&"CO..c't Eddy st. ■ • . .-.
A—' ' 2 PER CENT- MONTHLY. • . ■" •
On investments of ?;<:<» r an« upward; no°""g«t-
rj<*h-€|\jick" swindle^ tarf speculation. or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable! .
busim-ss .enterprise In Kpn Francisco; Reared
$(;7.(K^» last year* on $100, «X> capital; stock
iacn-ated $20/Wt to enlarge planti call' or
write f^-r particulars. ' . •
GERMAN*! A INVEST." QO.» 027 Market it.
FINE grocery and bar. corner nnrth'of Market;
long lease. low rent. $3?R>O. part cash:'corner
ffkin. on watef fronjt.' $1100. paying brewery
butinef?. $2500, or will Belle part; paying
businesses of all kinds r boTels anfl l^glng
houses for sale and axc^ange. EIT^EL &
CARROEL. 212 Kearny st.
BUTCHER shop: . established bu.Eln«<ss; all
the fixtures. " horses' and* carts. e;c. ; good
trade;.4>e$t stand in the Mission; will sell
reasonable on account of private reasons.
Address foo- particulars, -box 099. 'Call. *
FOR •falea-Larpest taf!orjng -establishment ln=
•Eureka; complete etock, all new goods; store.
1 fixtures and workshlp,'" # implements; w.c-11 es-
tablished tiUKiness; best* location. Address J.
T. ENGLISH. 318 F'st^ Eureka. Cal. •
J1T5— WANTED active young man for- plain
work;" old est. firm; $75 month; steady place;
' ''tio experience necessary. k*ew York Business
Exchange, ;;.'! Mason st., near Market.
$3>0— PROVISION and dairy produce store;
pouth Market; nr. City Hall; running order;*
living rooms. gaA water, 'yard; good £tand;
rent $12. Box f«8, _Call office.
FOR EALI>— R«-j!ta*ratit wUh bar attached, in '
Alameda pounty. in a good, lively "town;
"has a fine trade: established about 4 years.
Box. S73. Call of See.* •
RESTAURANT for r»le In. leading hotel of
small lntc/ior city of California; good trade:
hotel trade alone pays .well. Address box
CC5. Caill cflce. . t
FOR RALE — Saloon on a transfer corner, in
vicinity of several Industries where sev-
eral hundred people are employed. Box 946.
Call once.
DENTAL student wanted as partner In old-,
established city office: must have some'
means: good references given and .expected.
Box nj2. Call. .
RESTAURANT and delicatessen; clears $200
monthly; rent $20; 3 living rooms; big yard;
lease worth $2500; make offer. 2S3t Mftsion.
PAYING candy and Icf cream parlor and
bakery at Lorin station. South BerKteley.
MRS. ALTBAYER. o
$1SOO— FOR sale, fully equipped bakery. deU-
catPFScn combined; daily receipts $28; choice
location; rent. 715 McAllister st.
BOrttC. notion and stationery store on a prin-
cipal rircet near Market; 4 living rooms
attached; rent n low. Box 942. Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; newly fur-
niFhed; leas*; low rent; location good. Box
&90. Cajl office.
FOR SALE — Butcher shop and all appliances
on business street in good locality; buyers
only. Box 995. Call office.
FOR FALE — $C50; rqgtaurant. seating capac-
ity 56: good locality for trade; 15c meals;
rent low: 4 living rooms. Box 351. Call.
STATIONERY and cigar store near Market
rt.. .on a business street; established 10
years. Inquire box 782. Call office.
RESTAURANT fr>r rale: bargain if sold at
on<-e. Call 210 Third st.
FOR, Bale — Reasonable, laundry route with
horse and wagon. Apply 1C14 Green st.
PARTNER wanted. In good paying business;
very small capital required. 8 Mason, rm. 14.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 52C. Call office.
CIGAR Ft an<1 for sale on Montgomery St.;
location Al. Box 518. Call office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant In Berkeley: good lo-
cation. Address box 624. Call office.
FOR SALE— A saloon on Bush-«t. corner.
Addrees box £30. Call office.
FOR SALI3 — Cigar 'stand; good business lp-
catioa; couth of Market st. Hex 030. Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY .- .3, 1904.
o^_nUSI>'ESS CHANCES — Con tinned.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System"- won over 20O>
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races:
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
en our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
J only; commissions handled on this system for
V5 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
far our Handicap eheets, $2 per day Or $10
per wee<k. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper.
rooms 1. 2 and ::. 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
FOR SALE— $975; snloon; good business lo- '
cation; low rent. Box 513. CaH. office.
BAZAAR news stand and boolt s-tore near
school. In family district. Box 9S5. Call.
HORSESHOEING and blacksmith shop; cheap
rent. Broderick at., near Geary. •
$10C0; investigate; well stocKed, good paying
cor, bazaar; mint be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of ailv<-rt!s»ments and subscriptions has
• been opened at 100S Market st., 1 opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ,
LOPGIXG-HOCSKS VOlt SALE.
A. CAMERON &. CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; S-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
Ins $100 to $G00 per month; obliged to leave
city.
80 rooms; rent $05; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' leaee; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; finer downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all. expenses; always full; snap; $550.
S rooms; Oeary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furnl-
i ture; extra fine carpets: clears $70; price
$1SQO; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms; rent $85; lease; newly renovated
nnd furnished; can get 10 more rooms; good
thing; $1GCO.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing. J400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$000 down, balance l^ per cent; fine buy; only
$12*50.
7-room, new', modern flat: $430 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
"44 rooms;-rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; • 5-year lease; running water; natr
building* clears $150; $1000 down; $2S0O.
9-xoom, new, modern, flat: 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $lS00; at bargain;
.oickness." . o
90 rooms; -part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-clars Brill in
connection; best proposition In city; called
13 rooms; rent $25; pome housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; l.pU cash, balance
time.
S6-room family hotel; bon 'ton location; flno
lease; clearing $500 to $600 j.er month; always
full; part' cash; balance time; owner sick abfd.
S-room upper flat; corner; all. sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price -$750.
. 136 roorr.5; fine downjown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; ,2 entrances;
takes in -$30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular rccme«i; will. bc£r investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
nets; clears £50: $300 cash, balance on Install
ments; price $S0O. '.
23 rooms: fine corner; rent pnly $70; oak rur-
niturt; t rle"wiy painted and papered; clearing $SO
m.6nth;'paEt cash; must leave. city; $1550.
7-room fat; reni $10: o*ak furniture; 'good
carpets; ekkneys; prite $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building,
6w£ll family hotel: beautiftil furnishings; clear-
. Ing' $600 per monlh: every room full? will stand
the strictest investigation; * location unsur-
passed. .
19 rosms; rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment' house; reduced to $1100.
24 rocms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished fcew in June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness. •
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture, Axft.instc-r carrots; beautiful flat.
20 rpoms; cheap- rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moqfuet carpets; good lease; clearing J125
per month; r* r *- cash. Balance time.
MARION 'GRIFFttf"..
406 Examiner bldg.. cor. .Third and Market.
•Fine 'front .office's, direcjly ovfcr entrance.
•Takfe elevator to fourth floor; phone Black
3C07. ...
Title- abstract fr«"e with each and every sale.
"We df>. business Ejtrictly according to. law.
UNEQUALI»IJD terms; : $400 down secures a 21-
lbdRing-hoifKe, 3 blocks of Market;
whole; price only ?13C0;. we. lend you the
balance, to' be paid 'lp Installments': • rent
enly $60 and-clears 570 per month. MARION
400 Examiner bldg..
IMPORTANT: If you have $1500" to $200« In
• gold coin it will be worth youiv while to In-
'vestlgate this i*-room rlowntown transient
house, eaid to be clearing $400 to $000 per
' Inonth, MARION GRIFFON, room 40tf Ex-
aminer bide . * .
PICK UP this 12-room house; fulj of steady
«-oomers; no roo,m rented for less than. $10;
all large rooms'; will sell out for $500; eee
my ag«pt. MAftlON GRIFFIN.
SPL.ENIUD 48-room apartment hoU£» on sun-
ny side, north of Market and on etreet car
• ' crossing; cjectric elevator; electric lights;
long lease; monthly profit steadily, $222.
• MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
HAVE you furniture- for 21 rooms and some,
•mouey? Investigate this 44-room house, with
21 unfurnlfrhedj electric lights. U.ise, etc.
Call on MARION GRlFKIN. the real estate
agent. . .
A— $30Mr PROFIT yearly and accurately kept
book*; house hats a wide reputation through
tho State and the roomers are mostly law-
yers, merchants and .Wankers from, country
towns;' lease; elevator: CO big rooms, ele-
gantly furnished. "MARION GRIFFIN,
room 406 Hearst bldg.
SWELL house near Sutter and Larkin: kitch-
en, dininc-room. yard; 17 rooms; quiet, se-
lected roomers. 'MARION GRIFFIN, room
4CC Examiner bldg.
SNAP— $1500— 45 ♦ room's; NEW house: NEW
Turniture; 20 furnished. 10 unfurnished; rent
$2 room: leaee .1 years: 3 bloHcs of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40ti Examiner bldg.
OWNER sick and gone to the . country; 10-'
room corner flat, north of Market: rent $25;
price $e00. fcee MARION GR IHFIN.
NEW 6 months ago; 24 rooms; central; this
houso will suit any one who wants a down-
town hou«e, clearing about $1<J3. MARION
GRIFFIN. 40»i Examiner bldg.
SWELL apartment house of 103 rooms, mag-
nlflcently furnished and full of -nice people;
long lease; clears $4(58 per month. MARION
GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bldg.
REWARD— Quite liberal reward will be paid
any one who will find an ounce of dirt In
my 14- room house, cIearing A $52 per month'
worth $S0O; price cut to $T.5O. My agent
MARION GRIFFIN will lend you part of
the money. Better see him.
IDEAL, private boarding-house of 38 rooms,
located In the most aristocratic section. Just
south of Nob Hill; steadily clears $225 per
month, as my bank book will show: all
sunny rooms; It is essential that I sell on
account of Ill-health: price $4000; easy
terms; MAKE OFFER to my eolo agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner
building. ' :
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO..
Phone Black (J901. 777% Market St.
° Bank References
_■«'» r Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
A — GOOD hjiy; 14 rooms. N. of Market; fur-
nlsbM O.K.;rent $C0;price $C50. 777 \i Market
A— 10 ROOMS: nicely furnished: light rooms;
on fteary: only $550. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— BARGAINS: 12 rms. & sTable. N. of Market;
good fumifhlnsrs. piano, sewim? machine; rent
$35; price $C.*.O; easy terms. 777*,4 Market St.
90 ROOMS: 25 private baths; NE\V~and~MOD-
ERN: grand entrance and location: fur-
nished with latest designs of carpets and fur-
niture; Income $1000 month; full particulars
my agents. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT
__CO., 777% Market et. ■
APARTMENT house. 60 rooms; grand sunny
corner, rewly furnished; long' lease;' clears
over $200 month; sacrifice $4000; best rea-
sons. . See CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT
CO.. 777'i Market st .
A— $.V)0: lodging-house,' 12 rooms; north Mkt.
$8.V» — I./xjging-house, 14 rooms;, north Mkt.
$400 — Cigar titand; good stock; north : Mkt.
$500— Branch bakery; .fruits and vegetables;
groceries; living roomsrlow rent; good loca-
tion. Union Business Kithans;, O'JJ Market.
LODGI.\G HOUSES FOIl SALE — Con.
C. E. HINKLEy! PHONE MINT 79C.
1020 Market st. ' ■ , • Qpp. Fifth. .
Former patrons my best referentes.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correFpondence promptly answered.
Part Cash. Balance monthly payments.
6 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up *> ir> 0
20 rooms; clears $S0; rent $10 .$S. r >0
4<> rooms; mechanics' house; rent $00 ?1COO
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $03; terms... $1)50
21 rooms; sunny corner; rent $r>5 $U'.OO
00 rooms; Market St.; liquor license $4000
17 rooms; Pine Et. ; clears $50 $"f ; 0
12 room?; California et.: rent $50; pnap..J750
SI rooms; Fourth and Market; a Gift. ..$ir>00
10 rooms; Geary; clears $40; rent ?2S...$50O
24 rooms; Leavenworth st. : speculation.. $11)00
JO rocms: Bush St.; rent $37 50; only...?150
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $i0CO
38 rooms; li unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 rooms; transient; lease $lt"CO
8 rooms; Post St.; rent ?32; only $-*>0
Grocery and bar; rent ?20 $•"'"">
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished. .$l."i0
c:: rooms; Mission and Sixth sts.: lease. $45tJ0
45 rocms; partially furnished; rent $S5..$1500
H. C. DECKER^
H. C. Decker, 000 Market st. ; phone John 531.
Rocmlng-house and Hotel
Broker for over
28 years In San Francisco.
I have all tho paying houses that are for sale.
All Titles Guaranteed.
Money Loaned on Any House.
Houses Sold on Installments.
Large Lot of Flats.
20 Apartment Houses.
0 Country Hotels and Bars.
Houses All Sizes and *
Prices, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
Prices from $50 to $22, COO.
You Can Save Money
By calling on II. C. DECKER. 006 Market st.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856,
CALL OFFICE.
CORNER house, 56 rooms; always full; rent
$215 per month; income '5475 per month;
will sell for $4500. Box 577. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE on Kearny st.. close to
. Market. Box CCS. Call office.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 c*3ts— The Weekly Call.
1R pages. In wrapper 'or mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging-houee of about 60 to C5
rooms; rent must be reasonable and furni-
ture In good condition; lease If possible;
would like it in good location for transient
trade; will pay cash. Box 795. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MItS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual Heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on alF business proposi-
tions to be successful.. My wonderful mag-
net • will bring reconciliation and lasting
peace with the one you love; readings by
mail most -satisfactory. $2; readings daily.
$1 ; developing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 502
Eddy st.
A— MRS. CRINDLE, materializing seance
Wednesday eve, gap. 32S Ellis Bt.; 8 o'clock.
MRS. KOTTER circle every night; 10c; devel-
oping f lrcle Men. eve. ; sit. dally. 43 8jxth.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night. 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve.. 25c; read, dally. 34 6th, r.8.
' PP.OF. FRED EVAJsS. noted clairvoyant and
flate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott SS7.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve...
25c: sit, dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
'KDWARD EARLE. 1082 Ellis, reading* «latly.
6:30 to 4; fpnncpn Kundav and Thursday.
CLAIKVOYA.vrs. .
A BIG READING FOR A SMALL FEE."
$1 $1.- ? 1. $1— THIS WEEK— $1. $1. $1. $1.
PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Tranfe Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Franolsco..
.' T'-e future can be tcld
FRi;E , .FREE FREE
If not correct.
He will tell y.our name, occupation and what
•you want to know.
Or charge you not one penny.
This Is honest, is it not?
He will tell all about your business, family .
and love affairs, whom and when you will,
marry; how to restore health and lost vital-
ity; how to be successful; he insures you suc-
cess or charges nothing for his services.
Hours 10 a."m. to 8 p. m. Sunday 2 to 6.
326 O'Farrell et. 320.
MME. Mr. BERNARD. . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma--
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bids;.; En e reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate d.eecriptlon of the past, reveals the
present hapj>enlngs and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have cfomestic. love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and *rou will be told
ho* to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; .25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; leadings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 11O4' Market
St.. cor. Tiuk; private readings dally, 10 a.
rn. to-" p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair,, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; semi postotflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
RETURNED from her European trip-*Mlss M.
Wille. clairvoyant, crystal teer; readings
• dally $.1: hrs 10 to 8. 4tI0 Geary, tel. Green 30.
MME. RAVENNA reads life, business advice,
names given, 25c up; owing to repairs at 5 4th
will receive patrons 835 Howard until Feb 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader; when -others tail try. me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and. card
reader; business advice; sittings ■latly; lo ta
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m.; 23c up.' 38 McAllister.
A — GO to Mrs. Dr. Gordon, Scotch seeress, and
know the truth. 10S Sixth 8t.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 eth to 23V4 6th; la.25c,,g.50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
£0% Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 60c.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rms.
11-12: elves dates, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, yourg gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; I. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.O.av-j
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known foftune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448V4 Jessie St.. bet. Cth. and 8th.
CARPET PRATING AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal*; nrlce moderate.
S. F. Comcrepsed Air Cleaning * Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237. .
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
.lng Works. 8S8-8B7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleanly Works. 1S00 Har-
bison ft.: Al cleaning; ,"c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carr>e~beating; mat-
trcssaa made over. 14.T2 Ho\vard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.'f
tel. Main .'«>!. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., cp.rp7t~biaTlnB works; prlT«
reasonable. 17Q.{ Harrlr-on rt.; tcl.Mlfalon 2CX
CONICLIN'S Sultrier Carnet-bfatlnc Works.
333 Golden O.ite ave: telephone' East 2ft.
■ COJLMCTIOW^OI^CES^;
BAD tenants' ejected for $4; collections mado;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; nl. i,-iC
COTTAGKS TO . LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath and gaa; fur-
nished* or unfurnished or 2 rooms for; light
housekeeping; cas and uf e - of bath. 3321
Twenty-fifth Et., near Church.
CUBES RPPTtretX.
WHO DOKS IT? HUNTER. 12P0 Market Bt.
Send for circular. Why will you. suffer?
DKXTISTS.
DR. MURPHY". B04-5-6 Callaghan bWs.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the. Bastard Obtun-
der; the only device ever invented for grand-
- ing, drilling and oxcavatlng. teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when places are
made; old nlates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
ANEW plete— Tlie Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, t-Oc; i
plates. ?5; full' set; all work- painless and
warranttd: Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CII1SHOLM, surgeon oenttst.
room 14. Plif Ian building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny.cor. Bush— '
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crownw. $2 up;fllllngs,25c. ,
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. SKc; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays.- Dr.O.BJIewltt. 204 Sutter.
DmSSSMAJvEJt^AND SEA3tSTItESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; ■ double
stamp* on dress linings.: Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
■ Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE: an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 'J01-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 18.000V
square leet, 25 rooms, 450 students, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 76-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and ; enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
..■ the college refurnished with new typewriters
' and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerscn
School or Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived frr.m 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio, principal; exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Uookket-plne. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited 'preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref..' President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'8 Academy; a thorough school of
dancing;. established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pino and California; both adult and
children's classes are. now open for the season.
A LARGER ard better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 123C Market st.
ALL English and commercial branches, short-
hand typing, etc.; reduced rates till March
1; eve. speed class, $2 month. Western Busl-
ness College.
School of Singing— Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated; method, Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller, 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., m.'n., mcch., sur-
vey, ass:«.y, cyanide; day, ev,; est 1864. Van
der Naillen Schcol. 113 Fuiton. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evirs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. near
Oth. Pn.f. Foster; society dancing taught.
PIANIST and experienced teacher; harmony,
etc.; parties attended. W. H. LIPSCOMBE,
313 Leavenworth st. : '• ,'. :
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell Bt. .
PRIVATE lessons shorthand, penmanship, Eng-
Ilt-ri; day and evening. C02 Van Ness ave.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art, com-
plete system taught. 139 Post st., room 37.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFIUppe's Academy
of languagea,320 Post;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
PIANO lemons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION .Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night Mass. ,
EMPLOYMENTS OFFICES.
GET yourTierp^rPINErjAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and HousecleaningCo., 1333
Pine, Hr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 5066.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; . fur-
nishes best help; contracts o f or farm help, etc*
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanea'e-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; ail kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO,, 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.'
U'ANTED — By a well-recommended, neat, re-
• liable middle-aged woman* a situation for
housework; wages $15. Apply to J. F*.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Suiter St.
A RELIABLE lady* wishes a position as chatn-.
bermaid or kitchen helper or care for an in-
valid lady; wases moderate; sleep home;
car fare. C. D.. 794 Folsom, near Fourth.
A COMPETENT woman would like any kind
of general housework by the dar. Call or
address MRS. L. LUCH, 148 Sixth et.,
' Brunswick Houae. - ■
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter; only first-class work done; wlM go
out by the day; $2 per day. Sherman House",
28 Eighth St., room 12. , V^
MIDDLE-AGED German woman: good cook
and' housekeeper; no objections to children;
city or country; car fare. 794 Folsom st.
LADY would like to attend home office of p.
flrFt-class ear specialist in return for treat-
ment. Box 800, Call office.
AN experienced waitress wants work in an In-
stitution; first-class references ; city or coun-
try. Address box 840, Call' office.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing and housecleaning; $1 50 an* car
fare. 545 Minna st. * v
GERMAN experienced trained nurse wishes
work; competent In all branches. MRS.
V. SEIDEL. 3345 Twenty-fourth ft.
MAKE beds In a roomlng-houfe or work by
the- day. Address M. B., 841 Filbert Ft.
SCA NDINAVIAN girl would ilk* position to
cook or washing. Please cajU 322 Fremont.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish lady wishes position
as cook. Call at .71 Pierce St.. near Waller.
HOUSEKEEPER, middle-aged Eastern woman'
wishes position: accustomed to children;.
very reliable: nice cook; moderate • salary; '
references' if reaulred. Box 837.' Call office..
BY" competent- and reliable woman as manag-
ing housekeeper or companion to lafly; well
educated and good musician; .no, objection
to leaving city. Address box 3247. Call.
SALESWOMAN wishes to go to St. Louis Fai*
as demonstrator for flrs.t-class house; refs.;
Fpe-aks English and German. MISS WIT-
TER, 1821 Saott st.
POSITION wanted In first-class hotel or
rooming-house as manager In dining-room
by experienced party, or any place of trust;
references. 513 Liberty st.
.GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position In
school or as governess or companion; also
teaches French. Adoress F. HIRSCH. Irv-
ington, Alamcda County.
AN experienced waitress wants'work In an In-
stitution: flret-class references; city or coun-
try. Address box 840. Call office.
AN experienced laundress would like 2 days'
work a week: can give the best of refer-
ences. Call or address 1050 Howard st.
LADY will take niano on storage free ol
charge; no children; bist of care; references.
Address box 1024. Call office, Oakland.
COMPETENT, young lady wishes position as
cook or general housework; wages $30 or $35.
. 2490 Market st. .
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wishes house-
keeper's position; neat' and good cook. Ad-
dress Housekeeper, 42S L St., Sacramento.
COMPETENT nurso wishes . position to take
care of one or two children. 316 Fifth ave.,
Richmond.
STRONG young German woman wishes work
by tho day; washing and cleaning; can do
any kind of work. Call 7U Bay st.
A SWEDISH lady wishes housework with
Yankee family. 842 Potrero ave.
GIRL wishes no.«tt!nn for housework or cham-
ber work; slrep home. Box 853. Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish srirl wants housework;
wages $30. Box 854, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church ets.
WANT ads and subscriptions • taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
- of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Own until 11 p. m. - '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-- 'MALE.
THE following people want situations: One
bartender, 1 Janitor, 1 good dishwasher, 2
pantry men, 1 cook. 1 , bellboy, 2 porters, 3
ranch • hands. 1 milker. 1 young man; work
at anything.' S. J. BEAN, 17 Fourth st.
Phone Bush 107.-
YQUN1 man, 22. would I like a place tending
oar in city or out of town; three months' ex-
. perlence ; • good references. Box 3263, Call.
INSIDE work wanted by' respectable young
man; highly recommended;, honest, sober,
willing. Box 3288, Call office.
BOOKKEEPING, or. other competent position;
' various experience; references;" state salary.
', Box 861. .Call office. -.' ■
STRONG young man, living with parents,
wishes to learn the plumbing- trade. Box
862. Call office. : ■ , . . ■ . - . ' '
ENGINEER and electrician desires position.
■ extensive experience. M. E.r 901 Powell st.'
MAN handy with 'tools .wants Job; . can run
elevator and do janitor work. Box 863. Call.>
BARTENDER, first-class reference, wants' pOj.
• eltion, city or country. McC, box 538, Call.
EMPLO YMEXT AVAXTED — MALE -
COMPETENT, middle-aged Dane wishes posi-
tion in private place; good horseman, care-
fu! driver, good gardener; city or country
references. Bos 1025. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Employment; superintendent of
construction, surveyor; go anywhere; famh-
iar' roads, bridges, dams, ditches. wood.
steel or concrete; references best. Box S30,
Call office. -
SOBER, reliable man desires place to Ao
chores; understands garden. horses, can
milk also houst cleaning: wages moderate If
given gooi place. JONGHAUS. ISuOA How-
ard st.. S. F.
YOUNG «nnn, 2C, wishes a position, on good
private place, city, suburbs or country; care
horses, garden, etc.; a first-class horseman
and careful driver; best of references. Ad-
dress Coachman, box 801, Call office. »
WANTED — A. young man of 25. a competent
stenographer and typewriter, now employed,
wishes to better his position; references first
class*; wages expected $C0 p«r month to start.
Apply box 824. Call office. *
ACCOUNTANT desires position; excellent'ref-
erences as to character and ability; capable
of doing complicated work; would undertake
to audit or write up books evenings. Address
box 797. Call office. •
HARDWARE man who can take charge of
department or can manage business, wants
position, city or country; can give best of
references. Address room 8. 2174 Market.
POSITION wanted by an Englishman; Janitor,
porter and gardener; handy with all -kinds
of tools; nrst-ciass references; city or coun-
try. Box 8249. Call office.
YOUNG man. thoroughly experienced In cook-
ing and baking wants position in family or
private boarding house; references given.
• Box, 780. Call. *
SITUATION desired by middle-aged man' ard
wife on ranch or private family; late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship? English. Ad-
dress A. TUCKER. 210 East St.. city.' '
YOUNG Frenchman would like a situation as
cook In private family; best of refexences
from Paris. B. O., 019 Jackson st.
MAN and wife, would like »to work at private
place; no ccoklng. Address IV. H., 811
Washington st., Oakland. Cal.
COLLECTOR — Collected many years for cor*
poration this city; wants enjployment. . H.
L., 232Z Bryant st. •
WANTED — A position to work around private*
place; handy with tools; references. Cox
838. Call office..
YOUNG man, 21, wants position as grocery
clerk; 5 years' experience; good solicitor and
delivery man. Box 790. Call o<flce.' _ .
FIRST-CLA£S barber, 10 years' : experience.
wants situation in the country. Box 834, Call.
*AX elderly man wishes- a position as houseman
In a private' residence* Address box' 3251,
Call, office. • ' '
WANTED — Position by man. and wife to take
charge of small ranch;* first-class references.
. Address box 749. Call office. • •'
BOOT and 'shoe salesman from the East wa"nts
position at once; city or country. Box 814,
Call office. '
PAINTER anh paperhanger wants work' by
■ day; low prices; rill "work- guaranteed.
SHIRgY'. 430 Sixth St. '
NIGH? or day wj{tchman? city ev country;
references from last • place; reliable man.
Box Slo. Call." • . • ' °
COACHMAN or man about place; cltjr ref.
E. TREMAINE."Rosi station, Marln County. _
AT San Rafael- a Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as schdolboy, or every Saturday; house-
work or waiter 'and washing, d-lshes every
evening; F. YAMAGUCHI. 1304 Post S.F.
JAPANESE boy wants a' situation to> work
two hou*rs at <ilght; has reference. I. T.,
box Call of flee. " • .
JAPANESE young man wants a posrtlon- 1*1
nice family; -experienced cook; has good ref-
erences; $i\ wk.. HENRY.* phone Xarkln 343.
JAPANESE -boy wishes to iearn pho'tq trade;
• speaks good EngllsH. Address 50? Larklm
A -BRANCH office for Call advertisements 'and
subscriptions .has been .established ..at 1098
■ VaTenpia st. • . - _ * "' '
, FEATITER RfeXO VAJiyp.
BY dew* healthful process. Cal. Steam, Featbtr
•Co.. 325 Van.*leB8*ave.: tel. Howard 8167.' '
' . fl^AXCIAL. . • '
COMPANIES 'Incorporated,, financed and stock
floated, w. H. BITTNER, LawyeT and .Fl-
nanci'al Agent. 322- Emma Spreckels blag.
' FtATS TO-LET.; ' ' *
. A— HOUSES, and flats to let; as Immenii list:
. service absolutely, free; 'take advantage of
this department: -It ■will save-ycu time and
* trouble. CDrdes Furniture Co., 243-259. Gi*ry
st». on th« square.*. . ' • • .'
ALL* of the most desirable 'flats and bouses ar»
list«<l In our resting department; let us slvo
you a llct and ttS'.p you find bne in th4 loca-
' tlon you want- STERLING FURNITURE
. COM PAN" Y. 1039 Market ct.; service* abso-
lutely free. .
CORN. ER ' fla't or 4 'rboms; modern imp'rove--
merrts?:.' furnlshecl • ox unfurnished. 1529
.. Church. St., near Twenty-deventh.
FORD," "63, "bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
Noe and Sanche2— Lo.vely tipper sunny flat;
■f> rocms; modern; rent $20; water* free. • .
NEW sunny .upper flat. 5 rfloms and bath; rtnt
reasonable. 4130 Eighteenth st.. near. Castro.
' N.KJV, modern flat to let: 6 rooms and bath;
rent $3t>. 18 .AVoodward ave., near 13th st.
SUNNY" middle flat, 4 'rooms, bath and yard. •
2»5 Snqtwell sf./near Fourteenth; $20.
tn— SUNXT flat, 4. nvms, batfi, basement.
. 130 Eureka St., near 'Eighteenth.
•405 OCTAVIA. «\dr. F«ll-»,Flat*of 5 rooms; bath,
. yard and basement. .. . ._
fl.AT of 3 sunny rooms and bath; cheap. In-
quire. 1522. Howard* <t*
NEW corner flat; 12 (ooms. 2 baths; marine'
view. Bojt 756. Call.
TO let— NW. tor. Fiflftore and McAllister sts..
7 sunny rooms with 5 bay-windows; rent $55.
S-9-11 ROOMS. Just completed.: latesf im-»
* provements. jBaker st.. corner Fulton.
FLATS TO -LET — RURXISHED.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnlsheB flat, of sb*. rooms;
"complete. Call afternoons. lSSl^ Webster Tst.
FOR rent — Handsome furnished f.a't of 7 rooms',
piano. 2833 Washington st.
HOWARD. 103S — Flat of 4 ropms complete /or
housekeeping: 120: private.
* FLATJi FOR SAKE — FUIIXISHED. .
THE furniture in a 4-room flat f,or*sele. cheap;
•ertt reasonable. Call to-day. IVn Dykeman
place. q£C Mason St.. near O'Farrell. .
FLAT of 5 rooms to I*t and 'furniture fot
sale. Inquire in rear 506*4 Baker st.
$325 — 7 ROOMS; n,ew furniture,. carpet*; must
sell; rent $30; snap. 512*r» Leavenworth. st._
A FLAT of 4 newly furnished rooms; bath;
gas.' 616 Taylor st.
ELLIS. 13CD — Beaulirully furnished upper flat'"
of B rooms and kjtche.n: <55.
FUUXITLREi FOR SALE. ~
- ■ r
FOR sate — Furnltttre of a completely fur-
nished cottage for housekeeping. 4 fooms. 3
bedrooms, parlor and kltche:f. everything
new only 4 months ago; price $175. or will
rent for $27 50« per month. Address box
SCO. Call office.
A— ?100 NO 7 combination <ftal %nd -gas
range; use'd.2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st.
SOME odd easy chairs, lounges, sofas cheau.
1714 Polk st..
~. FL'RXITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse L H
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.'; tel. Howyd 275«
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— SECOND girl. $30; infant's nurse £30"
cook and second girl, same house. $30 and
. ?25;.O housoglrls. $30 and $35; 10 . sec»nu
girls. $25 and $20: German cook. $35; nurse-
girl, $20; nursegirl, $20, must sleep home-
• chambermaid, hotel, $20. MRS. NORTON
. Cl." outtcr et.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade Uught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
. tltlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed' at $10 per week up; leading school In
■ W«»t. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to Iearn millinery now fbr spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to . learn all ' branches , ha inirosslrC
. trade. . manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 91; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
WAIST bands wanted at 1407 Lasuna st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— -Con. •
4~ COOKS with and without wash $30-$33
Cook, small sanitarium p/J
Cook, small hctel. city *■*-"" "SiSliSi
5 second girls '• J."., «."-
a upstairs girls and nurses ,, 5 ..... .$-0-5_j
Maid anil seamstress - • • • *X-
French lady's maid. Menlo Parir. ....:. .*-j
Chambermaid, private family »-■/
2 diriins-room girls, institution IJvS?
3 chambermaids, wait one meal... »-° r :*--
Waitress. commercial hctel. • *if~>
Cook and second girl, same house $30-$:»
65 general housework girls, city and coun-
try £20 $23. $::o. JRjply to i r ■*'■ CROSBTT
6 CC.. 3M Sutter_st. *
A~NURSE giri. 2 in family, $25; a nurse fcr 3
children $-5; a cbambrrmaid and waitress,
country, $25; .v waitress and parlor n»id.
also a housemaid and seamstress for the.,
same place inooountry. $25 eacii. see lady in-
offfee- a French lady's maid. $25. Call at
iVItt^S PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St., near
„ Powell. o
CASHIER for .restaurant: es^rience and
references asK*d: £ood pay; no fe*. Apply
O'a. ro. to 12 m., oRestaurar.t-KeeDfrs as-
soclatlon. 6 Eddy at., room 46. _^
SETCINO MACHINE OPERATCRS AgD RXV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NEc£33ARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI *TRAU«3 3 * CO/3
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT Sl^ AND 1373
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.- _
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letter* at
. home evenlxucs or spare time and return to
us; no mailms or canvassing; $D weekly
earned; materials free; tnclcse self-addres*ed
envelope for particular* Guarantee Po.. No.
S * Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
A— COOK, second girl kept. Apply 113 Beulah.
»t.. off SKrader. Take Halghtvio. car;o car-
fare pald.i ___
GIRL w°anted for general housework: 8 la
family; none bat good plain cook need ap-
ply. 1214 Fulton st.
'DISHWASHER and chambermaid, boardlnj-
hou5e; 5 housegirla, $15. $20. $-3. $30. S.
*J. BEAN. 17 Fourth st.
A — WANTED-^Operators an ladles' jrafsts and
underwear. 650 Mlsdon st.. third floor. 0 .
DRESSMAKER Wanted. 2C12 Lombard «t.
GIRL for housework and cooking. rApply 1640
.. ■ Vallejo St.. cor. Franklin, after 1* o'clock.
. GIRL for general housework. 230& 6a.cra-
• jmento st. „ * o
WOMAN to° manage dlnlns-room ln> Institute;
$25 °a mon,tii. Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 Third.
YOUNG glrfc for second work. Call between 9
and 12 at 24*5° Fillmore st. _^
WANTED — Experienced Hotei illra-
fnar. 703 deary st. c ,
GOOD reliable girl ftr second work. Apply
2570 MUalon st. ° ' "
WANTED — 6 neat. Intelligent' ladles; good
. proposition to right parties. Call ail7 Stock-
ten st.. 8 to it a. m. ' '__
LADtE? to sew on furs: wages while learn-
ing. Calf Thursday and Wednesday, 32i Saa
Pablo ave.. Oakland.
YOUNG gir! to assist In light housework. 2271
California St.; references required.
■LUNCH waitress at. 515 Valencia "street.
TALENTED amateur perfcVmers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. -Wednesday; salary no object.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions Tocelved at
• Call "Branch otflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH oftce for Call advertisements and
■ subscriptions has been established at 1094
.Valencia st. ■■ ? •
• . * HELP tVAXTED— 3IALB.
M^RrXF^R^ADyT^T^ SvC38 Clax"s£
Main 584S. .
Heading Employment and Labor- Agcsta.
19tf} w» gave . l$04 we hope ta
• 60.000 men worfe • ■ lncreas* 60,000.
*;;•: ",, : Arizona. •' ,
• • °We Ship to
. • Arizona — Close to Prtseott— r - - -
500 men for railroad construction. —
. We Ship Dally. c> . . ■ ■ ■
• i years' Job.
010= miles. Arizona.' f» 19.
• Cement flntsher. 'country, |3 80 day: farmer
. «nd ' wife, orange orchard. $60 °ana house,
see toss herfe; 4 milkers, same dairy. $30 and
found;" carriage trimmer Old Mexico, fre«
fare;. 3 married laborers, sawmill company;
J5 farm hands. milKers. pruners. etc.; milker.
'. country, fare paicl; shingle Joiner, country.
$35'and found; ooldmaker. tesra cotta worR«.
city; man and wife, waiter and laundress,
. country: butcher anA sausage, country abop.
south; cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc
BOinAT & READY.
. .. ' 634-638 Clay st.
A— SAGX sewer, city. $2 50 day. - » •
Hoetler, stabletnaq, buggy washer. $.3. -
T»ainter. wagon- "work, country, $40 and? found.
• Gardener. nCnqihi'eee boss hern; $30 and fd.
WO0DCHOPPERS.
•20 men tt> chop 4-foot redwood....'. .80c cord
15 -men to* chop rf-foot pine i...$125 oord
10 men -to chop 4-Toot hardwood.... $1 50 cor*
FOY a big lu/nber compsftiy; steady work
' summer and winter; good around to" work o».
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
F* W 'SCRUGGS, pleas* calV Itestaarant cook
and wife, country. $60 and found: hotel cook
I anfl wife, country. $55 and .fo^wd; hotel
waiter $25 and" found, and others. J*. F.
CROSIJTT & C.O.. C38 Sacramento st. . ■■
SLAVONIAN jioUcltor:$2 a day to begln.'CAJj.
EftlP. AGENCY. 14 Third j pfiona Buah. 40O.
BIG "money* for salesman: tor our eom-
. plete samole outfit <H woolensf fe make
' made to measure clothing superior to any; ■
" experience not required; expliclt-instructlons;
our prices lowest: your p/oflts lafarest: op-
portunr«y to increase your Income; exclusive '
territory: abundant advertising matter* frea
—not one cent do you have to lnveat: w«
start you tn* paying business; d«n t miss itra
chance. Lotk Box No.' 8S2. Chlcjago. III. '
WANTED— for U. S. *army. able-bcdied unf
married men" between ages ct 21- and 33;'
citizens ot United States, «T good character
and temperate habits, who can sp6ak. o jead>
and write English. For information apply to °
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto bulldBag. New
Montsiotneri st.. San Francisco, or 1029 8eo-
end st., Sacramento. Cal. , Z -"
FURCJITURE salesman wanted f or .-neTr and
second-hand business: one of ei"perlenc» aai,
well posted as to buying: good wages ° t»
6teady man:* na other, need apply. Se% H.
SCHETiLHAA^ in person. 403 Eleventn »u,
Oakland. . , •'. '
__ __ _ _ - #
Men to learn the barber trad* In two months
and iecu»* good positions; cauiorue and full
Information mailed free. MOliR System
. Ccllege.. 6K5 gay at. • » •
YOUNG men everywhere copy lett*^. hom»
evenings. $9 5O week. Send addressed enrtrel-
■ ope for carticulars. Manager* Dept» 8 4. box
141J. PMIadelphla. Pa f «
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14. •
• fifth flcdr. 3C5 Larkin St., for free ,
as to positions, salaries, ace Umlta..et&; da/ 1
or 'evenings. o * •
TRY. our men's jho^s, union made, kt $1* and
$1- 60. per pair. ft>ot-fq/-m shoe% at* $2 00. cr
orthopedic shoes. $-J 50; best shoes onfearth. U •
Third at.. Bxafe. bldg.. 5 doefs frora Mar^eU
PORTER wanted; colored preftrred; barber
shou; must*ie a flrst-clasa shiner. Apply* at
8 a. m.. 1405 Polk st. • • ' ' * .
WAITED— Oyster cook. * 21 S CTF»rreU rt.» .
MAN to. do Janltsr worj; fQ/» tuition. In S. F."
Barber School. 741 Howard st. • •
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Llck°nlac^ Lick .
House. . °* . *• |
liAK' v woman to wash napjkins.^* 61C liearn*f •
stree^ « „. 1
NEAT, strone bSy to drive, butcher wagon.
17CB Church st. n ; *
BARBER shop In hotel: 3 chairs;* sacrlflce.
No, 1 Franklin St.. cor; Markefe
"SRY our men's shoes, unton mad*, at %\ an<&
$l"00 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 BOt w« pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. .
1 i 5 z ZZZZ • 'j
WANTED Flr*t-class barber for ' country.
Address box 835. CaH> office. * '
WANTEIMA flrst-clasB carrlare blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MXISTER* & SON3
CO.. Sacramento. CaL . . •
FOR. SALE — 2-eh.-\l? ba»ber shop; steady
trade- gcod b"i*ir.fS3: in country town; fine
cl ima t«". will sell on trial. Box 3265. Cajj.
WJVJ<TED— A boy of about It years af§. ,N.
WOOD & CO.' S.. cor. Powell and Eddy stj..
WANTED — Experienced panvfork candymaker.
A pp.y 224 Battery st.
BVUBERS — For ra.\c. two shops; other -busi-
nesj. CaM at 1547 Mission st. . .
BARBERSj-For sale, half Interest in «hop;
wholesale district. liAt 855. Call orflce.
A NUMBER of barber shops.* for sale cheap.
Call at «47 Commercial st. W. L. M. Gillett.
WANTED— "Al tailoring salesman. Apply '
Royal Tailoring Company. 31D Geary sU
MUSICIANS to Join military baad. 328 Bush
st,.. third flwjr. it>am 4.
SAILORS and 'ordinary ceacvn for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 2(J Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Fast Coat. G.eo. H. Thomas Post. CLA.R.?? r -I;m5.* Avr ~* > — MAf 4B Tow. •
V.ANT1CD — Experienced solicitors? inen and
worr.en. i«, Kstfdle ft-.Tchardfese contracts:
CJKxl cotr.-«?nffaUon: eas-y proposition to
r'ace. Investigate. Royal Mercantile Co..
yuile 19. Columbian Kd^.. cr S32 Broadway.
. i
B_.tt8E8S. take notice— The o oyice of secre-
tary end FYee Emplcg-— lent Bureau has re-
tncv«: to 9 City Hall «< er 1504 Market «t..
Jocni»}T».v KSrtxrs! trion Local 4-iS JOS.
__R_m.EILT. Pecr^tary. o
WHV ps> m? pr.cei &> have your shoes haH-
*-e!e_ when -you rn.in'it dnn? for _5ff, 003
-r._ 00c While yc-j wait at 503 Mission st..
bet. It:. »ir.<1-2d ets.. ? ir ll o Third st.
WAXTE1) — Men nnd women to learn 4he bar-
ber trad*: WiSf? pair! bile learr.ins. Call
ur »<JJrt_s WT2ET__tN QOIJ.EGK OK I'.AK-
BEUS. < 47 <:<jmmerr|al st... Fan Frnncisco.
V, ANTED- 1^-hcrer* and «#nechaalcs to know
that Kd IJ. irin. P.rno House proprietor, has
Rdoed IO3,«3«-nr i-oonjS to the Denvrr HauUi.
-17 T. -!;»•«■ t-i. fT3n »->icniK;o25« to 50c p-r nU-t.
W_VSIOM ATTT77l3TTilirip'lS. 40 EllliTitT:"!*
year*" re! mse_ from th<-usan<3« of
__jr>er*c<ijt> for whom I have srf»o»irM pensions.
MEN to lear^ irnrber trade. San Francisco
Cfllegg. T41A°Hr,v.,-jrd *t.
WJXCHESTSn Hcte!.°°#4 Third st.. rear Mar-
a~< — 'if-^ iforw; :25c ntght; reading rooms;
free "bus *ri bajrgaee to and from ferry. «
A BRANfit offlce cf The"C_Il for the reception
ef «<!i> 1 i^nvr.'. and #"jb.crlptlon» ha.» beea
<P*n«T tt 1STS Market St.. opposlt* Fifth.
"tstrl 11 p. m. . • •
OX el^ej oif-n's ehoes. f lightly tjimaged. half
__rrtce. r>C! M'FKion Ft., bet. lot and 2d its.
G — T i- jr rhrirs ,hayr »>o)e(J while waltlr.g; 25c
to f.f><- f.Aa »t.."b»t^ 1ft nnd 3-1 s's
UORSKS A*fD .SvA^GOXS.
EUGGT. htirress°anS a mare, rtands abmit
l^H band* ; stylish; G can be tmined to trot
Ir. 2:iS ,->r 2:20; • fine. baggy animal; wSU
*'U !-«af 1 onsble. Box 8!^. Call office.
FOii SALE—a" gentle Jjr>ri7"T5Ti hands high.
,• 3"«ai« old: c.r«i)bVt-tlred"b-jKpy and harness;
» II p*^l tr«rether t «(«- ppparato; make offer.
A^d'fs% feo>^ \T.ri2. iTall offior. '
CL*»S1>G at fuctfftn — i ptfrreys, « pha»trrf«_
~> wajpns: 2<Tibbrr t?rey, 10j3«;lne.^ fcujesi"!":
IV erts ftarrvFV 4*5 horses; Tuesday. F<*ru.Try
C 11 a. t?..st \l*n Folsom Ft. -
FOR •»:!e— Cbeap; otie «pan of hordes. Z> and 6
J «-an> t old ; •w^ll broke: wjeigh J2W) pounds; cr
will'T'rrade for a eo«d = hjeavy tfcam. Inquire
1S21 Hallroad s\^..° Alan^eda.
FIFi'EFN f.re your.g. c rc c ad(^»r» and business
hor r "s. t>:r>rc_g1il>- J^roR»n and guaranteed.
. 'Vcl<je,i r tal Jlorue E-rhangp. 246 Third et.
TV/ N'Tl-^P — A stvlish" bunry Tiorse; one *e!l
broken sniK »t*iitle: state price, etc pox
WO. fill office. o . .V-,-
KOP tale — ft'x secord-han* express wagons
a;,d ••x:*, tructv% _TI3 Beale st. ' :
VTf N'TLD— An op*n bc?Uie«! f>jgry° in good
_repair and reasonable. ' o J3n^ U27. Call. .
FOR ra* ; cheap:. 3c *rrlnjt bus>*re>>« wagons,
r-w: *j2d-h%nd wagon. -680 Mission. nr.lSth.
Al EXPRESS wagon, .Ifcrht cnmplng waron
and gr-cen for tale <*eap. K)3> Mi*lon ft.
L-rsest awoftrpt Sd-hand ■njycons.bjckb'd.sur-
rf y.lmr-jtrss.'ftork.drlv-ing b')r»H». 15th-Valencla
HOI'JSES'TO J.l.'T.
A -rni.VTICD liM r,: r houses to~letT«>erid for~c!r^
< u!_r. CH.t*MBSli>." & CO.. 20 -Montgoni«ry.
l'^'.FORE moving c^t cur printed list of houses
''•'■" PALI/WIN &.HO»'ELL.»_5 Post ct.
riO_.9BS FIHMSHED FOR SALES.
v ■ \I .LIFTER. .720— Nl'tfly »u*niEhed house of
• »- l t" ! . .-7is; reasonable.
I>VKSTMfT\TS.
_5*?E_< STOCKS ANI> MORTGAGES.
AH dividrcd-payinff securities for sale.
(■^KMAVJA 1X\-_ST. CO-'*J27 Market St.
LO ST A7SO FOt'XD. "
L- <; .'-. \ pefs bork with 'the Hibrnia Savings
ar.«i Loan *S#dety of Pan Francfcco in the
name- ijfi,TUOMAS SAMPSON. No. 2<)4-7o2.
- The firiu'T^ wtll rlease. rptur* te hank.
U .iPT— A ra^s. t»ok wfeh tiie Hibcrnia Savings {
ivaiS jiocifty of "San Krancisco in the
n».m".-if JA*."OJ{ I'HILUPS, No. 1M0-W50. The
flnd'f m-i!l vl>-iiiv retiirti to bonje.
LOST- »J^*«u_ bov>k with the HH>ernIa Pavings
an<i l*_h Fo^iPty of fan Franciitco in the
n^w cf^ CHARLES OL.VTZ. No. 214-709.
2^ !: '' fi - r " 1 ?'" *iB please return to bank.
L'^Tw'At^apanea. tea' garden in O. G.,PaJ-k.
J->:iu_;> :;i/iar(:».- black Filk tnuffler; liberal
rrwarf to Oader if r»- turned -to J. II IN-
un _ HA M/S-n B_f aei. ■ *-. »-
LOST — A Ifcberr.ia Bank. book. ENNIE
vO__ Please return to 414>j Tehama
• °
. LOST— %{«>d gockethook "containing papers and
nifiratp of dejwwit. Return WELLS-
FAP.G'^ RANK and Deceive reward.
L r '.-T— La<l.v*e gol.l wat. h; initi_lF*L. -F. F
ii-vjin t., 117 To»yf!;tK st. : reward.
•MEDICAL. "~
M2iS. IJll. IVSETll. p^tciailst for all female
c;;ttvl.-,ir.tt> Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years- e_r|jri«.ncc-; rerr.ovfi to ti26 Pc*t et.
___L DR. "KO1IL. rtliabie specialist for ailfe-
rnale t.-x -ubl<-s and irregularities; Instant r«-
I.pf cuaran>ed. lOOK^i Market St., opp. Cth.
LR. G. W. O*t)ONNEL_— All who are sick or
Siv trouble jon suit this ypecialist o'n female
compliirtf; positively corrected; the-unfortu-
r;at«- heliwd; the ncft diffirutt cases- treated-
a _vlt< free. Office. 101«. Mat-ket St.
CATARRH? DT.AFNKFS and NOISES l» EARS
r<*;tivcly cured; raw method: 1 week's treat-
ri.ent free. -Sir. Ccttir*rham, 204. Sutter st.
tms. D. ALLEN. lUS Market—,RfllabVe ladles"
Epeclalift; a private home, before "and during
confinement; b<at medical care; low fees.
Dr*. Gocdwin, 713 Turk. c nr. Van Ness— Expert
tr cbr'.c tries, female complaints; lpst. relief-
treatnrent J10; hours, joto Z>. 25 years' exp«r.'
DR. WEJ-TOV— Prompt relief' for ladies; con-
suit him free. SCCeK— tray Et.; tel. Main 4S1.
DB. ROSEN r<»Fi<Je« 2C35 Fclsora St.. corner
2Cth- lad>r, relief or no fee: $ 10;
02'.. r.nd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS,-
ori^iral raethot* of treatment. 1128 Market «t!
PR NG TOY KEE. .".19 Pow*U n . opposite
Unicn Square: ail diFf-ages cured by herbs.
MIXES AND MIMVJ .
THE Monterey Gold —Tlnlng Company, which
owns one ofu^e most valuable xnlnf-s in Ca!!-
fcm!a, har n_M on the market 20. (»o shares
of ite stock at 25c a share, the par value
fc«ir.s $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor the eminent mln-
:n« -xp'-rt. is In charge or them-orkand re-
ports that the richness, of tb* mine li gaining
rapidly aa the t ->rk advances; thly Ktock will
go to $2 a share within the ne« 12 months;
Interested parties can see ti»e quartz and gold
t_!:en'out cf this mine at the office of their
flfcal af^rtj
OERMAMA INVEST. CO^ 027 Market st.
?IISCKrT,A*'EOrs FOR SALEi!
DOII.ITRS, «-::piaes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSJfi _ WOLPMAN. 1«J5-T.C7 Fremfint st
DOES YOUR nOOF~LEAK? r "
I'.tjpa'.r it v.-itji tlaterlte; .n rolls easy to lay;
nt-tds r.o paXfl^SC or coating; good over old
:rcr<. tin or cringles: l.»-t for new roofs.
_i:LATEUITE RGOny- CO.. 7I3 Market *t.
2O-I1AXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
puUeym. r: ■•u-.i.u. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rentfd nr.d exchanged; see Sunday papers.
ir-_-g.tW_tlTg MCHT. CO.. 130-Kg Deale st.
A— I-'lne euits," $7 &(); dress pants. $2 00. Orig-
irai ; Ml6fu Clothing I'arlors. 23S Kearny st^
Jitar liuj-lj; oiw-o to 9 p. dj.. Sunday to noon.
A— TIUV.S. «.«-li». or rents gear machinery, en-
elr.ee, ,bo:!en«. warter pipe, jehaftlng. pulleys.
' _____ W1J ITELAW. 2-.i--Ti5 Spear s_ , '
A FIXE ejection of trucks. «ult cates and
tailor-raa_r eults sold on email weekly pay-
jntcte. Miifct Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS. *lightly used, sold at cost:
new ..Underwood rirtble trpewriter catalog
tent free. It. E. Hevalk A Co., Ban Francisco.
ALTERATION rale— Uest $2~50 hats, Jl 50.
, Populer Puce Hatter. :«0 Kearny et.. near
Pjnc; eppn t*> S> p. m.; Sundays to neon.
TRY our mer.'« shoes at 11 and SI 60 l»ln
foot -form t-hoe* at |2 00; we pay express
«~harg?a. 11 Sd st. Ex_m. bid.: catalog free.
::!-jc ROLL and up: 8ae wall paper: 6amplei
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MliR-
IGAN. 1JC2 Wetoter. Tel. JacU-on 1321... .
gOU _a!e— Very fne black male cocker spaniel
l>up. AnuJy 204 Castro Bt. '
K FINE Prouty Job pt_M; second hand; good
=s new. P,ox 70S. Call.
'.AILING ark for fishing ond hunting. K8
ilufh «t.. third floor, room 4.
1 ::£Kb boufht. -old' a:id exchanged. T. D.
3-UC_JtTHT CO.. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bu»h »67.
of ulot and Ilttinp*; all sizes. EU-
CPTKE UILEY _ SONS. 10;> Vallejo eU
fcAFES and cai-h reritters. new and «ecotid-
r band. I. FREEMAN. i::29 Market Bt
fcCMF. gcod eeccnd-har.d raPoPn* engines, 1 to
U b. p.,;, cheap. E. U. B<^ck _ Co.. 122 Mkt.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR- SALK — Con.
5LOT machines cheap: Chlcatoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 9X1 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S16
M-rket. ab. Vat: Ness. P.ICHARDSCN BjtOS.
SAKi: :?— New and *.econd-han.l. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
| bsrsafne. Bollard; & Breck. 131 Post st.
I SAFE!-— New and aecond-hand. E. B. BECK
; & CO.. 122 Market «.
Ed— MB phonographs, records, supplies, movln?
picture machines, films. Hacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GAPOLIJCE engines, automobiles and launches:
■ II *igyn J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK fr>r Drlce- on second-hand typewriters; all
makoy. ALEXANDER * CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi r*-r». In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
IMIS C E L LA :\ E O US WANTS.
jl TAV hfgheot prices fpr all kinds of cast-off
| ciothlr.s; postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOCKS and libraries bought II. C. HOLMES
1149 Market fet.^jihone Jwle 3741. or postal!
TILTON wants rood second-hand clothing and
ttioatrlcp.l goody. 1.14 nth *t.: tel. Jessie _3S51.
MOSEY TO L()AV
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
C?n-C02 003 Examiner Building.
Quirk eettlerrsfnts: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests. aF*!gnm?nts of rents property In trust,
etc.; legacies, lire estates and undivided in-
t»rf>Fts in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly c confldentlal.
When You Need Money
See .HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LpAN .
c *A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage on r?al estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Lew rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
, • Location, etc.
.■.'. * Box 408. Call office. •' ,
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
c chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payment?; largest business In
40 principal chies. To,Iman. f.f>3 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY 'respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at 2
. per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry 'Store.
_846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. Third.
A — 1 j*r cent on°furniture or piano; no remov-
al*' no commission, no publicity :?25 up:quick.
private, confidential. . 2« Montgomery, rm. i\
.MOSEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
• diamond*. rearl« and precious ptones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Flxth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. <
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorred notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO FaWied people without security ;^on furnlT
tur*; indorsed notes and other security s F.
Discount Agency, 143- Phclan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no cnr.mi— *ton;inRtallments accepted
BONELLI. "01 Eddr. Conservatory buildings"
ANY eum en furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; ra?y payments; no commission.
1170 Market »t. room C8.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market Et., room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
tno. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & planes; 15 up: no removal;
no ccm. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1 FEU ctnt on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 7l>8 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employer. R. 311, Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld,
•CAFH loaned ralagled people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. CO9 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United^ ?B«teg or Cmnda cne year for $1.
MONEY WAXTED.
WO<;LD like to borrow $2000 on a house and
lot at a reasonable rate of interest; I have
a good pofitinn and '■can pay ott the mort-
gage in a short while. Bex 78S. Call office.
WANTED— $6000; 8 per cent guaranteed; le-
gitimate manufacturing business. A. Jl.
COfLPON CO.. Inc.. Petaluma. Cal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ;
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
« months' rent _nd cartage eff purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail. Schiller, Doll
and other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 5tJ0
I laves >t.
▲ FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including Fuch makes an Steinway, Haines
Bros., Knabe, Baun, Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell/ Sterling and other
makes. EENJ. CL'RTAZ _ SON. 10 O'Far-
rell 6t: no branches In San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1C:« Market et.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market Bt., second^ floor.
NEW pianos to'.d on $5 monthly c payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. IB McAllister st
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
pew; $135. 2^7 Geary Et. ;
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steek mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister st.
_JEAUTIFUL 3-rvedal Etelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 OT"arrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzjp pianos. Cecilian piano
Plarer. BYRON MAB2Y. 308-312 Port st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. S.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES A3EO STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let: also fine 'front desk
room. Call at 419 California st. room 21.
gCRSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth.-tops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching seal?: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses rcajp; atdruggists'. hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co- 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
<■ Osteopathy ; c vapor' and electric fcaths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatlsftJi genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mn». Morris. .406 Geary.
NOT how cheap but bow good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market -t
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' c experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner gutter st : tea moderate. '
LIQUOR habit cured; v«p guarantee a cure In 2
dsys or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
B!(" Market st, room 203.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladles' units mad*
to order; first-class xrork: $10; with material
f-rnlthed $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine end all drug dls-
... eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S33. Polk st.: consultation free; call or write.
AT lees than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and tro'jiters at CHARLES LYONS'. London
" Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st. near
Ot.h: Prof. Fcyter; society dancing taught.
Actina restores lo«t eyesight ; cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIP A CO.. 8524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C» Sot-
ter. r. 6CD. Ml?s Eaton, 233 Geary, roora 38.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
dcr. Koome 14 _ 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Dnimm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country crdera. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. _ Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pant* $2 COT
MUfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
- cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 100S Market st, coposlte Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. ra. : ■
_»ALj;!feTKV.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
Ciet; palm reading* $1; 3 questions by ex-
pres- $1; open Tue day evg. also. 133 Post »t
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post: hour*
I to fi dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. S15
Taylor st.'near Geary. Phone Black B61. ■
PA PERH A > fl IN G/JPAI ; \TING. ETC.
i HOOMS papered, $4 up; tinting ' painting.
, Harunai.n Faint Co., 319 Third; tel. Mam 413.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1904.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK _OTS.
$500 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do eo many buy our Ocear.side lots?
. Because no others there compare with them.
They hav_ unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
bulldlnj.
Every lot la a bargain. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and II st
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceansl-e" branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K *t. Open Sundays and holidays.
$000 to $1000 — Unexcelled Sunswt district lots-;
graded and eewered; $10 monthly.
Eunsot branch office on 9th ave..' near H «*..
S150 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS
New lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mlssion-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$12C0 to $3500; modern cottages and housei
In Sunset. Richmond, Oceanslde and Excel-
' slor Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS;" EASY TERMS.
SOL. GETZ _ SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54.- 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
EAFTON, ELDRIDGE A- CO.. 6.1S tfarket St.
$35.000— Corner on California St., near Buchan-
an: 87:6 ft. frontage; improvem-ntp. 5
2-stcry houses; rents ?2.".5 per month.
$25,000 — NE. corner on Sutter st., best portion;
59 ft. frontage; 3 houses, 6-8-11 rooms,
renting for $135 per month; could easily
be raised and stores put below.
$25.000 — Polk-st. business Investment; rents
12220 per annum: 2 stores and 4 flats;
high basement; concrete walls; building
<pnly 4 years old.
$19,500— Pierce-st. corner flats. Pacific Heights.
6 new flats; rents $1S9 per month.
$12,500 — 3 modern flats, 7-7-J> rooms, finished
attic; rents $108 per month; new and
modf-rn In every respect; Fell st.
$11,500 — Hsrrison-st. corner, near Sixth st.;
store and 4 flats; rents $R9 per month.
$11,500— Pine st.. east of Taylor.: 26x137:6;
substantial Improvements thereon; an
exceptionally fine site for apartment
house: a snap /or the money.
$7.500 — Morris ave.; rents *1044 per annum; 7
tenernent flats; 6teady tenants; good
neighborhood.
$7,000— Howard St., east of Sixth; 25x85: oM
improvements: rents $45 per month; lot
alcne worth $8500
$7,000 — MrAlMster-*t. residence; latest Im-
provements; porcelain bath; open plumb-
Ing, latest gas grates and mantels; large
hall; hlgU basement: brick foundation.
$4,C00— Ritch Ft; rents $."52 per year; 5 flats;
2 frontages; a popltlve sacrifice.
$3,000— Rents $408 per year; 2 flats, 6 rooms
and porcelain baths, modern plumbing;
best interest-bearing property south of
Market Ft.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE _ CO..
633 MARKET ST.
XV. J. GUNN,
KSO CALIFORNIA ST.
(Ravings Union Building.)
$1,900— Eleventh* ave.. east side, 150 feet
north from Clement: 50x120. with pret-
ty marine view; el«jy*.ted~ and slKhtly;
located on high groiwid, and a desirable,
Korxi sized lot; sunny, and very cheap:
o the cars of the Sutter-st. extension pass
within a few eteps; lot graded, street
macadamised and sewered.
$l,S0O— Union ?*.. sunny ride, near Broderlck:
26x100; fine marine view; ready for
building; ?10O first payment, $25 month-
ly: cars na£9.
$6.r.W>— Larkin st.; 2 flats: 41:0 frontage; each
7 rooms', bathroom.
$li..ot'm — -Webster st. corner; lOOxllO.
$ft,00O~Baker st., NW. corner; 187:6x137:6;
very cht»nr>.
$50, or*'— Pacific Heights; 2 choice corners; 275x
137 :i'«; grand marine view.
XV. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA BT.
LOTS, .X or S 6ide of Golden Gate Park, .pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530" California st
$6000 — OAK st.; Park Panhandle; 50x137:6.
$17,000— Cor. Devisadero find McAllister;
62:6x110.
$15(10— McAllister St.: KxlOO.
$,*>50 — Vulcan, near ISth-st. cars; 32x124.-
$1200 — Good corner, near Chutes; 32:6x100.
Installment lets in Excelsior Homestead.
Installment lots north of Park; cheap. .'i
JOSEPH STRAUB. «KJO Market st'
$1800— PRETTIEST and cheapest cottage home
in San Francisco; 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary washtubs, etc.; lot 30x110; street
work done; electric and 1 steam cars at the
door to all parts of the city and cemeteries,
5c. THISTLETON. 272 Saduwa st. Ocean
View.
________________ .
Neat cottace, with all modern Improve-
ments: terms same as rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. SE. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm sts. ° ' ■ .
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely .within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
FOR *ale— C8B-12xU7:6 on Pacific St., under
lease; $.85 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS, 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$17. 000— BUSINESS property, stores and flats:
.'{2 rooms; must sell. Apply 353 Fifth st
$700— CORNER cottage of 3 rooms, near Cort-
land ave. school. Apply 3316 Mission st.
I DO rou want a n!s« bathroom?- Call on AHL- '
BACH - MAYER. Plumbere. S36 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
1 »
S AIT MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO house of 8 rooms and bath; lot
lOOxlSO, with barn and chicken house; $0000;
$1000 down and balance $02 r>0 per month;
on car line. P. COFFIN. 3303 Mission st-
yP^T. . R _! j??*.^?.*.**-. n *?. A _* J ESTATE.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 328 Bush st. room
4. third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains- ail tracts*
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M' NTS
: 1
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE. "
A~FEW~BARGA1NS^ ~~~
$1,250— 4-room cottage; half block of car line;
three blocks of station; street work all
done; $2C0 cash, balance $15 per month
including Interest at 8 per cent.
$2,425 — 7-rocm house, nearly new;- lot 00x140;
Etrtet work complete; half Hock of Tele-
graph ave. cars and a short distance of
station located at 2448 Ashby ave. ;
terms If desired.
$2,S00 — A beautiful 6-room house and corner
lot 50x100; street work complete; cars j
pass door: only three blocks of Ashby
station, situate at 2S2S Grove st.
$3,000— 6-room house; lot 42x130; south front;
nice barn; all complete. ■
$15,000 — For a business block at Berkeley sta-
tion; lot alone Is worth this- price; prop-
erty Is earning over $1200 per year;
come and Inspect. ' " - - -
We have a few lots in the warm belt of the
foothills sUll left. $700 each.
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave., opposite Berkeley Station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
$20,000 — ELEGANT modern house of 14 rooms;
, •; -'■-. corner lot, 150x135; In best part of
Berkeley; must be sold on account of
removal; flowers, ehrubbery; ' beautiful i
view; all modern conveniences. CHE-
NEY & BERRY. P. O. block, Berkeley
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.'
A SPECIAL bargain; a fine 8-room cottage"
near local train; all street work done; ce-
ment 6tdewalk, . etc.; only $3000; also a 6-
room cottage.- with bath. etc. ; only $1000
P. C. LA8SEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st, Oak-
Ian. Cal. NOT MEMBERS OF THE OAK-
LAND REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION.
, OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
2 FINE sunny front rooms, with ■ board/ to
rent at 13CS Webster st.. Oakland. . \
"^OAKLAND STORES TO LEtT
FRONT and back office rooms and basement
■ 12.'CT Broadwa". Oakland. ■ -.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOII , SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furn£
, ture. H. Scbeilhaas.llth st.,cor. store. Oakland.'
I REAL ESTATE — Conntry— For Sale.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE:
W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st. room 6. •
BY ORDER ©F COURT.
$Sr>00— Tc cl«se estate: 1080 acres, Mendoclno
County. 3 miles from town; 'near steamer land-
Ing; 200 acres splendid hay or potato land; ap-
ple orchard; 500 aeres more could be planted;
30'J acres heavy redwood timber; balance ex-
cellent pasture; substantial improvements; lina
and cross fences.
ALFALFA LANDS.
1280 acres, fenced and crqss-feneed: house'
barn; outbuildings; artesian well that irrigates
400 acres fine alfalfa; river runs through place;
$4000 rent offered; 0 miles of Angiola: only ¥30 '
an acre. -'
$14,000 — Only one mile from stat:on, schools,
ehurchej,, stores; 40 acres full bearing orchard,
vineyard an<3 berries; Email nursery; alfalfa:
dark, sandy loam; water for Irrigation piped
all over place: new 8-room house; cement foun-
dation; stable, carriage-house, machinery for
manufacturing olive oil; will subdivide In lots
$lfCO up cr exchange for bay property of equal
value.
$2S0O— Close to city: 0 acres full bearing or-
chard; 1 acre alfnlfn; 5 r. hard finished cottage.
$_R00 — ISO acres near boat and cars; jnlce or-
chord. vineyard: «-r. house, barn." outbuildings,
tpan horses, stock, tools, wagons;. steady Job. I
.$5 an acre— l'JOO acres. 8 miles «ood town; i
over 300 plow land* well watered, wood, rolling,
hills and little valleys; pay 20 per pent on In-
vestment: bank foreclosuse.- i
$1000 — Adjoining nice town; 240 acres, 30
acr*s 'level; house, outbuildings; controis 2000.
acre ransre.
$5000— »Best ranch In Southern Oregon: S20
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; fanning tools; outslds range.
Attention physicians— Nice home, live coun-
try town, 05 miles of S. F. ; 10-room house a_d
groundtf; practice guaranteed $2500 a year; only
$0500; »-asy terms.
$2100 — Thirty-five myes of San Francisco;
10 minutes' walk to Courthouse; 21 aure9
garden land; half level; brand new colonial
cottage: large barn; horse; tools.,
$17,000— Improved ranch; 450 acres; near
Lodi; adjoining land sold by the bank $40 aa
acre; would exchange for city property..
ALFALFA LAND. •"
$10 an acre, 600 acres. Angiola, Kings
I County.
I -$1SCO — 240 acres, 5 miles of town, S acres
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water, piped to buildings and pasture. ,
60 acre?; 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one' mile town; tools; $tiOC.
Send stamp for printed list.
XV. J. WHITE 2tf Montgomery st, room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
40 AQIRES level sediment land; unequaled for
berries, potatoes and alfalfa growing; $45
per'acre; VI cash; all water wanted; $1 p*r
acre per year.
Call or write for fuft particulars
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 40fl, Examiner btdg.. San Franclspo,
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres;, good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County, Cal. ; price
$5000; also other lands for sale. .For partic-
ulars address Poetmnster. Moss. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farnT ~~
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
■WRIGHT A- K1MBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 rages, sent to anv adrlr»»" In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS, FOH HOUSEKEEPING.
DE NORMANDY. COS Post— Nicely fum~ rrnslT
$2 week up; also hskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
EDDY, 429— Parlor suite furnished for housed
keeping; gas range; bath; $25...
FOLSOM, 830— Two large, furnished house-
keeping rooms; also large front room; grate.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges';
running water; ena; reasonable.
JACKSON, 151IA— Larce front and back par-
lors*. furnished complete for housekeeping;
also sinrle room, suitable for 2 gentlemen.
KNICKERBOCKER Atv_rtmentiT 1340 Pln»
St.. near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished
. suites; steam heated: electric lighted; free
baths; rate $30 ud.
NINTH, 157— Double parlors for housekeep-
ing: bay-window.
OCTAVIA, 12B9...cor. OFarreM— Housekeeping
sulte.elcuantly furnished; gas and coal range.
A BRANCH office of fhe Call for .he reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1&0S Market st. opposite- Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m/ . ,
j* A^RTirajEKTMHOUSES.
GLENDOKE — New apartments- on Plne^st/
east of Van Ness ave.; 0 and 6 rooms each,
with bath,' tteam heat, elevator service, elec-
Jric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exci Dtional beauly and tast« and are
now offered for ' rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now *approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Pot st. ' *
THE LUNGER. 415 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartment.;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
bath*: $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The.
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $.10 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st— Modern, 3-4-5
rooms, also sfi^le; furnished or
(gWarlne vlew^now open; references.
H ADDON HALL. '
8S1 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABT3-BNTS WANTED.
I WANT a 3-room furnished apartment, all
complete for housekeeping In an apartment-
house. Box 05ft. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET — Parn. nnd Ilntnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
hc.se. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-tc.-date house in
' this vicinity: first -class" grill attached, v
A BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25' to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c, 00c. $1. $1 80 night;
$1 SO to $10 week: house open all night.
.BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished' sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, .125 — Front bay-window room; newly
furnished; telephone; gentlemen; walking
distance. . ■ . • ■
FRANKLIN. 502 — Large, sunny front room;
nsat and comfortable; running water, gas;
rent $S 50. ' : ' ■ ■■
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Hooms 35e
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $0 wk.: reading-room.
HOWARD, 7Cli4-rNleely furnished bay-win-
dow and others, double and single; moderate.
JESSIE, 303, corner. Fourth — Nicely furnished
room. , • ' 3
JONES, 919. near Bush— A very desirable
room; all conveniences. ■■
MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutwr— Sunny front rooms;
itrlctly first class; transient •' .
MINNA, 514 — Furnished rooms or hoUsekeep-
»ng. _^__ .'
MISSION, S37A— Fine single rooms, with "run-
ning water, closet; $1 50 per week and up. .
. NINTH, 2."J5— Furnished corner bay-window
room for light housekeeping; ' reasonable,
ROYAL. House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, cmoking-room and ladles' pur-
ler; rooms. per night, 30c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. 58 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
8T. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent 97.
SUTTER, 907— Crystal House — Elegant rooms;
board. If wanted; reasonable; respectable. :
THE. EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, cor. Geary —
Sunny -suites of rooms, suitable for of flees.
THIRTEENTH, 207, cor. Howard— Large front
room, furnished; gas range, folding bed; $10.
TURK, .10—Sunny front room, , furnished.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c t» $1 night $1 75 to $6 week; elec--
trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus ;baggag«.
VAN NESS ave., 619— Elegant front parlors and
adjoining *ult«,for office or club. ■,...
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd st., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c ' to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
eltc. lights; reading-room ;; free bu»: baggage
WOLF Hots*. f 202 Sixth— Electric llshtr In.
every : ro«m ; 1 5c . to $1 a * night: 75c to $5 a •
..week; open, all night; convenient to all cars.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hat
been : opened ' at - 100S Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11: p. ra. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office.. 2200* Fillmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD..
■*" ~~~~-
P77 Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly' furnished
suites; private baths; all modern coaven-
■ 'lences: excellent table. ■'
The Wallace, 044 Van Ness. cor. O'Farrell st —
Room aud board $25 month: under new man'gt.
'ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
! sent. ;- private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
Hotel Butna Vista. 1070 Valencia st (warm,
■ belt cf Mission) — Light sun. rooms; American.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 413 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tatl?; from $4U: single $25. ,. -;
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL, SOS — Furnished rooms; bom*
cooking: German family: $6 per week.
POWELL, 502, cor. Sutter — Large suftny corner
room for g. terms reasonable": also single rm.
* . 'rooms wanted.'
GENTLEMAN wants a sunny room: no board-
era or children. Box SftC, Call office.
1 PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
I DrT C^To^TONN'-LL^oTflce and residence*
| 1021^4 Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention raid to diseases of women.- -
BLOOD, fckln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73>4 Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
I treats all diseases of the human body; for
j past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. tuccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
j by use of herbs nnd teas. 727 Washington st
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from OVient
Now- at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
ea?es cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay »t.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-'
..•nines.; Eligbtly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles: Guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1C51 Market st
$16 50 — NEW Improved drop/head nickel-flnlsh.
' guaranteed 10 yrs. : 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 BO. $3 $4. 14.1 fith st: tel. Jessie 3136.
STORAGE^ AND WAREIIO^II S ES._ -
A^EMPORIUftT Ftorage & Van -Co. : furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell st3. ;• tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West 'storage; advances made; &40
Mission st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZehStisa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1340. Shinning at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE "SchoolTvan Ness^Market— -Cure'
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home curt.
jryi'EWIUTERS AN D_ SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No..l
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower pricea; rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. •
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2DtIIAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
IVehrtter Typewriting Inspee. Co.. JiOS Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
_AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor, Mutual Savings Banlc
building, 70S Market st, opposite Third— •
For the half-year ending 31st ot December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at ths
rate' per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating Certificates.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Recrrf-rT.
DIVIDEND Notice: The Giant Towder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. N«. 02. of fifty cents
(50c) per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202, 204
and _0« Hayward building. San FrancHbo.
on February 10. 1904. Transfer books close
February 3, 1U04, at noon.
C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
~~ PROPOSALS: .
BIDS will be received until February 18, 19O4,
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miies
of Evanston, Wyo.; plenty of water near b9l
coal can be put at the - ell at from $3 to $:j 50
per ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and right until completed. Bidders win
make eerarate"blds at so much per foot to
etnk 1000 feet. 1500 feet and 2000 feet deep;
the size of the hole to be not less than >■.>,%
Inches at the bottom on completion. The
right is reserved to reject any and all bids,
it the price is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned -or
FRANK M. FOOTE, Evanston, Wyoming.,
■ W. D..SANIaPtRN. trustee. C.U Market at.
marriage: licenses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Harry Cameron, 42, Coulterville, and Mary
O. Hoxle, 80, Sacramrnto.
Charles P. Hawke. 28, 1137 Union street, and
Ora O. White. 18, 1518 Mason.
Charles Gibson, 2U. 708 V4 Folsom street, and
Brlltu Junnl. 29, 708% Folsom. . .
Frank Olmo, 25, 3410 Mission street, and
Bertha Hashagen, 22. 2800 Twenty-first.
Augustln A. Berti, 21, 1671 Pacific avenue,
and Emma L. Dold, 18, M0 Hermann street
Gerhard F. Terschuren. 25. 3522C Eighteenth
st. and Mathilda Brujnrner, 20. 3.122C ISth.
Frederick W. Drescher, 22, city, and Lucile
A Enlx, 24, Demtng, N. M.
Alfred B. Cathcart Jr., £1, 931 Valencia st..
and Mary E. McLean, 21, 3327 Twenty-fifth.
Lemar II. Hendrlck*. 28. 271 O'Farrell Bt,
and Igabelle Wilson, 2S, 271 O'Farrell.
Harry E. Alger, 31; 503 Van Ness avenue,
and Mabel Lewi?, 2."i, New Hampton, Iowa.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and d<\ath notices sent, by
mall will not be Inserted. Thsy must be handed
In at either of the uublication offices. and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
'soiis authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
BOR^f. —^'
BUSENBARK— In tbls city, February 2. 1904,
to the wife of J. Q. Busenbark, a daughter.
ERNEST— In Alameda, Cal., January 2S,
1004, to the wife of A. J. Ernest, a daughter.
JONAS— In this city. January 31, 1904, to the
wife of S. Jonas, a daughter.
OPPENHEIM— In this city,. January 24, 1904,
to the wife of S. Oppenheim, a daughter.
WILSON— In this city, January. 20, 1004,. to
tho wife of Errol . C L. Wilson, a son.
\ MARRIED. ~~~
CHAMBERLIN— SUTTON— In this city, Au-
gust 14, ISO."!, by the Rev. Father James A.
Grant. Howard A.' Chamberlin and Susan F.
Sutton, both of San Francisco.
FELIX— DE PASS— In Oakland, Cal., Janu-
ary 31, 11)04, by the Rev. Hyman^fiamuelaon,
Martin Felix of this city and Elvira de Pass
of Oakland. -
DIED. ;
Anderson, Alice M. Guinnane. Mary F.
Beck, Milton W. King, Richard
' Bose,- Gcorgo H. Klrby, Rev. Wm. P.
Brown, Charles . Labatard.- Annie C.
Burke, James. Langan. Michael
j Calvert, Edna Al. A. Lawton, William
• ' Clarke, i James McGrath. Annie
Crano. William B. Mollenkopf, John M.
Creagh. Michael Mund, Henry
■ Davis, • Mary D. Ncal. Henry R. ..
" De Sales Bouse, Rlstr" O'Brien, Thomas
Ellis,- Thomae XV. O'Donnell, James
Emery. A. H. Rice, Stephen O.
Ernst, Lulu Thompson, " G. W.
Fry, Elbert L. . Trapp, Amanda C.
OUgo, George . Wlebcldt, Mary C.
Goldbeck. Chas. A. Woolworth, C. P.
_____ > i
ANDERSON— In Oakland, Cal:, February • 1.
1904, ' Alice Mary, beloved wife of Andrew
Christ Anderson, and daughter of Robert nnd
Cordelia Orenerod. a native, of Missouri, aged
20 .yea; s 5 . months and 2S flays. \
BECK— In Alameda. ' Cal.'. February 2. 1904,
Milton W. : Beck,' beloved father of Myrtle
A. and" Harry M. Beck, a native of Penn-
' sylvania,' uged 73 years and 7 months.
BOSE — In Santa Clara' County, near New Al-
. rnaden. February 2, 1004, George H. Bose,
' beloved husband of- the' late Mtiry Bose, and
father of -Mrs. J. H. Horatman, Mrs. Fred
Bailey and Mrs. IJerman McAbee. a native
. : of Germany, aged . 78 " ycara and 1 month.
• (_TFr!endB \ and ; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .Thura-
■ •■ flay, fa t ' 1 1 ; o'clock. * .
BROWN— In this city. February. 1, 1904,
Charles,^ beloved son of- A. J.- and Catherine
. Brown,,*. a • native . of San Francisco, l aged 1
month and ;«.; days.
. BURKE— In this city, February 1, 1904, James
Burke, beloved '- husband of the • late ' Mary
Anii- : Burke,, and * father of Robert,' George
and jCharles Burke,. _n<l brother of Robert
Eurke. and uncle of Edward R. Burke, a
native of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged
52 years. »
B-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fulty Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 ofclock.- from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CALVERT— In Oakland. January 31.
1904, at 001 Eighteenth i street, . Edna Merle
Atkinson Calvert, beloved wife of William
Brltton Calvert. and daughter of Mrs. O. E.
Perfgo. and slater of Blon L. Atkinson and
Hermann Oliver Perljo. a native of Des
Molnea. low*, aged 25 years & months and
10 days. (Des Motnes, Iowa, and San Jose
and ■ Mountain View, Cal., papers . please
copy.)
K-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late home, 601 Eighteenth street, between.
Pan Pablo avenue and Grove .street/ Oak-
land.
CLARKE— In Alameda. Cal.. February 1. 1004,
Jatrfes, -dearly beloved husband of Anna
Clarke/and devoted father oft Mrs. A. J.
Torres, Mrs. A. F. Serpa and Belle and Jose-
phine Clarke, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years 5 months and 20 days. (New York
and New Haven papers please copy.)
CT'Tli*' funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock., from his late
residence, 1 021 Taylor avenue, thence to St.
. Joseph's Church. . Alameda. where a solemn
requiem iftass will 'be celebrated for thy re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment, private. In Holy Cross Cemetery,
by funeral car from foot of Market street on
arrival of the 12:40 o'clock creek boat.
Please omit flowers.
CRANE— In this city. February 1. 1904. Wil-
liam B., beloved son of William and "Mary
Crane, and. dearly beloved brother ol Mrs.
J. J. Daughney and Dennis. Joseph and
Mamie Crane, ft native of San Francisco.
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at »:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, ' 3 Shipley street, thence *o St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass* will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CREAGH— In this city. January 31. 1901.
Michael Creagh, beloved father of Gertrude
Creagh, Mrs. S. Aaron and Dr. J XV.
Creagh, a native of County Kerry, Ireland.
CTRfrnalns at the parlors of Carew &
English, 2tK Van Ness avenue. Interment
Santa Rosa. Wednesday. February 3.
DAVIS— In this city; February 1. l!HM, Mary
D.. beloved mother of John F.. Margaret C.
and Edward A. Davis, a native of Ireland,
' aged 75 year*. #
E-TFrlends are respectfully 'Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
9:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 1731
Lyon street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a solemn requiem *hlgh mass will Be
celebrated, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. *
DE!. SALES BOUSE — In this cJty January 31,
1904, Sister Mary de Sales Bouse, a Native
of IVeland, aged* 64 years. .
CTTunera! private. Requiem mass in
chapel of Magdalen Asylum, Potato avenue
ami Twenty-first street, 8 o'clock. Wednes-
day, February 3. " •
ELLIS — In this*' city. February 2. 1904.
. Thoma««W. Ellis, Eon of the late Joshua
Carmen Ellis, a native of Illinois, aged St
years.
• CTFrfendji and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fflneral Thursday,
at 11 o'clock, from the funeral pwlors of
Porter & White, 423 fiolden ffc»te avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
EMERY — In this city. February 1. 1304, Au-
gustan Havens Emery, husband of Mary
Emery, and father of James A. Emery, a
. native of Burlington. Vt., aged ft4 years 7
months and 2f>days.
C_7"The funeral will take place from 20
Van N.ee» ave. F*-' " '- are invited to attend
the requlerft maett Wednesday, at 9 o'clock,
at St: 'Mary's Cathedwl. Interment private.
ERNST — In this city. February 1, 11X4. Lulu
Ernst, wife of Herman Ernst, and daughter
of F. Boehmer of _Mameda, and mother or
Mrs. Lu|p Schneider and Almie Ernst, and'
slater of Mrs. Emma Logan and Miss Alma
Boehmer, a native of San Francisco, _ged
41! years.
ICTFrlends arif respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral cervices Thursday at 1
o'clock sharp, at the residence of F. Boeh-
'•_ mer. 2310 Central avenue, Alameda. Inter-
me>it Mountain View Cemetery.
FRY— In Oakland, January 2tJ. 1904. Elbert
; L. Fry, aged'TS years, and on January 31.
1004, 'Ann -Fry (his wife), aged 65 years ami
111 months, beloved parents ot Mrs. Ida
* Kcmaston, Mrs. Nettle Howard. Mrs. Hat -
.tie Delaney and George. _aurence, "Fre*-.
: erlck. Edward and I'.ert Fry. both natives
of N»w.York. •
B_TF>lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday afternoon, at 2.30 o'clock, at the
Chester-street M. E. Church, cornet of Ninth
0 and Chester streets. Oakland. Interment
.Mountain View Cemetery- .
GLIGO— In this city. January 31, 10C4. George
Gligo. a native of Bobovische. Dalmatia
Braza. -Austria, aged 58 years. . ■ ;
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
on Wednesday, at 1 o'clock, frora the funeral
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton fft reft, near Union. Interment Uoly
Cross Cemetery. . Cj
GOLDBECK— In this city, January 31. 1904.
Charles A. Goldbeck, a native of Germany,
aged 71 . years. A member of Carpenters'
Local Union No. 304.
B_rFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-ilav
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
' ment I. O. O^-F. Cemetery.
GUINN.ANE— t*-' thi» city. January 31. 1904,
Mary Frances, eldest daughter of James II.
and Mary Gulnnane, and sister of William
J., Joseph P.. James, Harry, John, Edward.
Marguerite and the late Lulu Qulnnane, a
native of San Francisco.
tt-TFrlcnds and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 1571 Church street,
between Duncan and Twenty-Eighth streets,
. thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem hijh mass will be celebrated for
the repose- of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy , Cross Cemetery.
KING — In the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 2. 1904, Richard King, aged 49 years.
KIRBT — In this city, February 2. 1004, Rev.
William P. Klrby, pastor of St. Agnes
Church, and brother of Timothy and James
Kirby and Mrs. Madge Murphy an!) sister
de Sales and Sister Augustine of the Pre-
sentation Order at present In this city, and
brother of the late Thomas. Klrby. a native
of Lletowel, County Kerry. Ireland, aged 43
years » months and 17 days*.
tt_TNotIee of funeral hereafter.
LABATARD— In this city. February 1. 1904,
Annie C. beloved wife of William Laba-
tard, and devoted mother of Charles H.
Krausgrtll. and daughter of Henry and the
late Veronlka Neeb, and sister of Mrs*. Oliver
Carrell. Henry Jr., William, Charles and
Frederick Neeb, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years and 7 months. A member of
Alcatras Circle No. 1. Friends ot the Golden
State. (Chicago papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of H. F.
Suhr _ Co., 1137 Mission street, bet. Sev-
enth and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet
• Cemetery. ■ •
LANGAN— In this city, January 31, 1901.
Michael Langan, brother of Mrs. D. Murphy,
Mrs. M. Turner. Mrs. M. Schone, Mra. A.
Woodward and -Mrs. XV. T. Barnctt, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 80 years.
CT'Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1148 O'Farrell street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAWTON— In this city, February 1. J004, WU-
liam Lawton. a native- of England, aged 67
year.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully: invited to attend tho funeral services
Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, at ' the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 24 1 5 Mission street, near Twenty-first
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city, February 1. 1904.
• Annie, beloved wlfo of P. J. McGrath, and |
loving mother of John. Mary. Agnes. Lillie
and the late William McGrath. a native of
Galway, Ireland, aged 35 years.
B-Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to • attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:.1O o'clock, from her lato
residence, 2047 Larkln street thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a requlemhlgh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of bar., soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MOLLENKOPF— In this city. February 2
1904, John M.. beloved husband of Lulu Mol-
lenkopf. and father of Ruth Mollenkopf. and
son of Bertha and the late John Mollenkopf,
and brother of William and George Mollen-
kopf, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years 2 months and 25 days.
MUND— In this city, February 1. 1904. Henry,
beloved brother of William Mund. and uncle
of Mrs. XV. C. Crawford. Mrs. M. E. Pres-
ton and Miss Edith Mund. a native of Ger-
many, l_ged 60 years 11 months and 13 days
■ (New York City papers pleas© copy.)
E-TFrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
HENRY J. CALLACHEF? CO.
(Successors to Flannapan ' U Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st. oppo-U? Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS..
— — -Funeral Directors and Embalmers —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 8C6 MISSION. Tel. South 1ST.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
of Halsted & Co.. 019 Mission street- la-
♦e.ment ?. O. Q. F. Cemetery.
NEAL — In the City and CToanty Hospital, ■ Feb-
ruary 2. itMM, Henry- R. Neat, a native of *.
Massachusetts, aged 78 years. . ...
O'BHIEX— In" this city, 2. 1904.
Thomas, beloved husband ■ - of Margaret
O'Brien, and father of Joh&. James and
Willie O'Brien.' and brother of James (VBifiea
and Mfs. Howard, a native of County Clare.'.
Ireland. v • "j
O'DONNELL— In this city. February X. 19Oi.
James O'l>onnell. beloved- father of Mary.
Elizabeth and Agnes O'Donnell, and brother
(ft John O'Donnell and Margaret Murfchy. _
native of Hillmallock, County liinerick, Ir«-
Ian4. • . ' . •
CTTIe fu_eral will take nl-cs from his
late residence, 842 Grove Street, to-day *
4 Wednesday), at S:3« o'clock, thence te> Sa-
cred Heart Chureii, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of hl» sou!.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
CVoss Cemetery. ■•(•!■''•! ■•'
RICE— In this cit>. Fel^uary 1.-1901. itephea
O.: beloved husBand of Mary E. Rice. • and .
father of Courtlasd. MoSe. Clinton. Claude. -
• Frank. *end Cora Rice, artd Mrs. H. C; Duna
of Vacavilie. Cal., a -native ef New- York,
age _ 77 yeans 10 month* ard 27 days. .
t_^Friends and acquaintances are respect-.,
fully Invited to attund * the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at _T j^clocit,' from his lat»
residence. 923 Hyde, street. . Interment' Odd.
Fellows' Cemetery. . " "' .
THOMPSON— In Oakland; Cal.. February 2.
lftO4. George Wesley 'Thompson, beloved
brother of Mra. B. A. Wllbrand. a n*ttv» of '
Chico. Cal.. ag«"f» 42 jre^rs fcnd 1 13 <iay». . .
__rFrtendj» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th«- funeral services
to-aay » Wednesday), at I o'clock-.- at th«"
residence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street.*
between". Fourteenth and' Fifteenth, Oakland.
TRAP!*— In this city.'. February 1. 1904,
Amanda Catherine Trapp. brtoved wife- o.C .
Xleorgn Trapp, «jid mother r>f Georgi» Trapp.
and daughter of Mrs. P. Fesesr and tk> lat_ j
B. Benrferscheld. and" sister of Mrs. A. Rich-
ard,, A. Medes.and A. Beunerscheid, _
• natK-e of S_fi jFrancisco, a»ed S5 years. 4. j
months- and 14 days.
K_sjf rler.il 3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invivdf to attenrt th<» funeral t^-day, •
/Wednesday), at !H3O o'clock, from th« |
.funeral p_rlors*of the H. F. Maa«s Company.
917 Mlssiop street, <henc» to St. Boniface's
t«hurch, 6olden Gat«» avenue, between Jones !
and Leavenworth »t'r*ct3. ' where a solemn
requiem ma?3 will be celebrated for the re- ;
pose of her toul, commencing at 10 cfclocic
Intetmjjnf Holg Cross Cemetfcry.
U'lEBOLPT— In this clfy. February 1. 15»«.
Mary «:hri«tina. dearty 1 beloved 4aushter of
John P. •indj Marian .Wieboldt. and devoted
sister of Mrs*. ' William. St* John and Harry "
and Rosalie Wieboldt. a native flf San Frun-
cieco, age.* 17 year* 11 month.3 and 29 days.
•ETFriends and acquaintances are- rei»p?ct-
ftilly lnvit?d to attr-rd the funeral to-day
t\vai.nc5da*>, 'at 9 o'clock, from th<j wrl-
dence of her parents. »267S-. Twenty -first
street. r.vn»r of Ynrk'» th»nce to Ft. Peter's
Church. Alabama street, near •Twenty-Iourth. -
where a jokran* requiem hifch mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing aT !>:_© o'c,R»ck. Interment ' Holy >
Cross Ce/rfatery. ".- •
W/JOL. WORTH— At mtrke's* Sanatorium. So-,
noma County. C_t{ February t. 1901, Chaii-s
•reck, husband of ' Flo»» -Anjell Woolwortii
••f Mil! Vallej-'. <*hl.. a native ef. Syracuse. ;
N. Y.. aitM IS years. (New York an.i Eng-
lish rapers please copy.)
ICyK-nei^I services at Maronlc Hall. S«n '
Rafael, t^l., Thursday, at 2 o'clock, under ,
the auspices .* Mill Val'ey Lo<Ue No. 350.
f*. ami A.."M. fleas-e'cmtt flowers. • ,
..REAL fcSTATK .TtiAiVSACTlOXS. i
• T"l?EStiAY. FEBRl'ART 2. "
Aden (Jumpany to lnii>ri>v<-«J Real E»ta.t» .
Company, loi «ip N line ot Gulden vsite av«
nuts lbl W ol Van N-s4. W i\:$ oy N i#). ?it>.
H*tute of Elias Uvunsjcy (by Minna lios
llnsky, executrix* to Miiiarrt VNolt, lot on rt
line ot Post street, W t. vi Oousrh, K mi bi N
l.n:«: $1K.£00 • ' *
Wilham l-ttondell to K. L. Goldntel.a'.Com^
.pany. lot «f»££j line ..«. Fulton street.'yjl.tj M or '
Lacuna. W 47 :« by N l»i; J1t>. ■
Jaice and i;elle jo»eph to titorge K. B'ecker.
lot *n WE cornet ot Jackson >; and Baker
streets. K- 35 by K 100;
Archibafd 1^ (alias ArcWlbafci). L. aiid Eli
zabtth 41. Hettneh tr>- SyUester, P«*arl. 'lot oa
W. line ot Shrader. 125 N of- tVsderlck N '23
by W. .i;«:3: *lo.
Phitena d. fcyer to Jame.s F.-Dyer. lot on NW,
lln»i- of Howard street, 2^S SB^trt Eleventh, Nfcl
25 by N\V XU; gift. . ■' t
Cloes V, Lindbtrg to. IIerinan« t>. Nieuttaus,
lot.' on N- llr.e of Slsteent^ street. 150 \T ot
Church. W 25 by N : *1».
M. and Elizabeth F. Kluber to Edwa*J
J. Ccakley. kt t n S lln» of Henry street, 253
E jrtf Kqe. . E 25 by S H5;$10. v . ,.
Oscar Hcysran to James F. .'Clejiry. lot' oa
W lin» ot'Potrero avenue. 25 X of T-wenty-thlnl
st«et. K :<^, by W I0ft{ S1O.
Bridget a-rrtl Michael E. Flaherty to" James
'XV. and Ellen T. McCarthy, lot on W line of
Alabama street, 215 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25
by W 1C0: ?10. . '
Pacific Loan Association to Catherine O'Dea.
lot on S HJ^e of >Duncen street. 125 E of
Church-) E 23 by S 100; $1O. . • «
ilarian -G. • am! Alonzo L. Byrne. Grace •• E.
arsd Harry L-.Msxvrell to Pierre Labruchfii^,
irtcn'W line of Dofores street, «i5 .N of Twen
4yifourth, N ,2S by XV 117:8; $lt>.
Maria Arata and Adalgtsa . P... Grondona to
Victor J. Gulriasso. lot on N .litie of Pacific r
street lffiliH W of Sansnme W,'4I:1H. N"
.07:i; E CS. S V\ W 24:7Vi« S S7:«: $10.
_5>bby M. Parrott to O. H. «reenewald. lot
oa'E line of Powell street. 1.17:7 N of Post,
E 47:0 by N ttl :3 (quitclaim deed): $1. e
E'mllle B. Marshall to Llvinsts'ton J?nky.
lot on N line of- Vallejo street. '137 :fi XV ot
Taylor. N 137:0 by W 12: $H».* ' #
Bertha Qtlirk to AlexandtT Bradley, lot on
•SE line of Tehama street. ikr.:7!i SW c of
First. SW 2fi:4»i by SE 75: $10. " o
Margaret C. Bishop to Herbert E. Law. lot
on S corner of Market and Annie streets, SW
112:6 by SE lfiO. Oubject to party wall
agreement on SW line); $10. .
Mary E. Wlckes to Theodore Robertson,
lot on SW line of RItch street. '200:1 SE of
P.ryant SE 49:10V,. SW 7.% NW 50. NECU3:3.
SE :2.N 4:2. NW :1*,. SE .»:2; $10.
Hans C and Mary A. Jung^ to Patrick 3.
and Mary O'Rourke. lot 'on i>E line ef Fo?
som street. 150 8\V of Fifth. SW 23 by SS
»0; $10 • "
Martha S. Mitchell to Alexander and Mar
gie Rogers lot on S line of Marlposa street.
38 E of Florida. E 17:4 by S 73;. $10.
Charles J.- and Susanna Hesse (alias Hasie)
to John Hanson, lot on E line of Vannont
street. 125 N of Hurabcldt, N 23 by E ..100;
$10. ' ■ ■ c
John N. and Sarah F. Sherburhe to Oliver
I* Scott lot on S line of" California street,
23:0 5.12 E of Second .avenue. E 23:0 5.12. 3
60:0. 4.9(5. XV 22:11 1-3. N 5K:S» KD:Ort; $10.
William A. and Jah»t SlacRae to August
Wilde and Rosalie Diepen. lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue". 130 S of California street.
S 50 by W 120: $10.
Gregory P. ' and Augusta Harrington to Ma
tltua. Peacock, lot on W line of Tenth avenue.
150 N of Clement. N 23 by XV 120; $10.
Ada F. ' Simpson to Anton H. Flint, lot on
E lir.e of Fifth avenue. 225 N of Clsment. M
50 by E t20; $10. ' o
Gertrflde M. Jacks«on (Church) -fwlfe of
Charles F.) to Oscar Heyman. lot on N line of,
A »tr»et 53:4 W of Seventh avenue. W 26:8 by
N ICO. $10.
Marie- Kobenr to Louise Canman. lot on R
lire of Fifth avenue^ 250 S o^ Point Lobes, 3
25 by E 120; jrlft.° . o
, Solomon and Dora Getx to Ada B. Apcee. lot
on W line of Forty-swventh avenue. 10O N of
I street. N 5O bv W 120: $10. ° .
William O. and Walter G. Peterson to Henry
H Paulsen lot on XV line of Tenth avenue,
3f> S of H street" S 23,by W 120: $10.
Bemhard and Rose G«-tz to F. Florence and
Eva E Armstrong. • lot on N line of K street.
65 E of Tsnth avenue. E 25 by N 10O : $10.
Lucy Benson (alias Lucv B. Benson) to S.
Pucas Coninany.ciot on N Una of Burrow street.
53 XV o{ Somerset. XV 2« by N 100. let 20.
block 20,r Railroad Avenue Homestead: also lot
on N-llne of Wayland street. 107 W of Glrarti.
W 20 by N 100? lot 5 block 11. University
Mound; $10.^ o ' ■ ■■ \ '
Mary A. Fritz (wife of Eugene N.) to city
and county of San Francisco, lot on NW corner
of Sa-i Miguel" ranch and Tremont street. SU
S5.S5. FE 4S.2S»." NW S5.85. NW to beginning
for pvbl'e street: $ . • "."
J. C Spencer to same, lot on N line of Fif
teenth' street. 244.34 XV of Castro. \V 38.41.
NW 20.62 SE 47.42. or public street; I
Charles F. and A«rnes L. GRrtlenift to Kern
hard Get*, lot on NW line of Ath-n, street KO
NE Persia avenue. NE 2.'. by NW 100. block
64. Excelsior Hnmertead; «10.
Masonic Cemetery Asrwt.-Ulcn to Mrs. J. R.
Lewis, lot In cemetery: KTM.
Duilders* Contracts.
H. H and M. G. Bancroft (owners) with
Gladding. McBean A Co. (contractcrs). archi
tects Cunningham & Pollteo— Terra cotta wor-c
for addition- to a seven-story brick building on
8 line of Sutter street. 10» E of Van Ness ave
nue. E 68:0 by S 120: $10, OK*.
Eva Peyser (owner) with Charles E. Coburti
(contractor), architect Alterations and ad
ditions to a two-story frame building- (fiats)
on NW line of Clementina street. 230 SW of
Fourth. SW 22:6 by NW 80: $2250.
H P. Smith Company (owners) with R.
Fch'y (contractor), architect All work for
a frame warehouse en N l!ne of Brannan street,
200 XV of Seventh, XV 73 by N 17$: $3750.
A. E. Ebarboro (owner) with John Smith *
Fon (contractors), superintendents Blller ft
Qualman — Concrete work for a two-story and
basement frame building on N line of Jackson
street 81 :2 E of Central avenu*. K 40 by N
127:SV.. Western Addition 62*5; $1050.
Margaret A. Martin (owner) with James A.
McCullough (contractor am. arch'tect) — All
work for a three-storv frame bu'ldina- on 8 Vina
of Fulton str»-t- 1«"?:1 K of M*so»i | <' avenue,
S.1-t9:1. E ri:10^. X 137:*?. W 45; tS7ro.
Mary C. Raum (owner) with 8 H. Robinson
(contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau —
All work excent mnnt-Ms. gas fixtures and
shades for a three-strry frame bulld'ns; (six
flnts) on W li^e of Julian »vemm too S of
Fourteenth street. S BO by W SO: $11,100. '
' Don't judge a woman by the clothes
she wears; they may be her cook'i.
1314
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks easy. Slurp break in Coftpn. • :
Shipment of $138,534 in treasure to the Orient.
'.oral Stocks a::d Bonds continue quiet. :
Silver a fraction higher and Sterling Exchange lower.
Wheat unsettled- at Chicago, put quiet here. ■
U'/jcat Frights still low, iyith tonnage plentiful.
Baric: dull. Oats in fair dem'a nd and steady,
Cern and Rxc higher and in improved demand.
Flour and Millstuffs quiet at unchanged quotations. . '
Beans show more or less fluctuation. Seeds quiet. . .
Butter quiet and steady. Lower grades of Cheese steadier. ■
Eggs firm and wanted t with meager supplies./
Provision* quiet and easy here and in the West.
Hops firm, Wool. steady and Hides rather firmer..
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted. •
Local Salt dealers still cutting . prices. • • . .
Potatoes easy at the recent decline, with liberal supplies.
Or.lons firmer. Southern Vegetables in light receipt. \ .
Poultry dull, with retailers well supplied. Game quiet. :
Trade in Oranges of a light jobbing ■ charac tcr'. . Banq)tas
plentiful • . ' . •' ". • '• . ■
Co fee slightly higher. ' ' . . . •
Retail Meat Prices. ~,
The following retail prices 'or meats are
«uot«J by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation:
BEEF— r-ime Roast, IS&ISc; Porterhouse
Si'sk. 1SS22 1 sc: Tenderloin Steak. lOijlSe;
Sirloin Steak, J2'j&15c; Top Round Steak.
lJ'..r; Bftf S:»w, 1G<_: Corn Beef. bfclOc; Soup
iJ.inrr 4c: Soup Meat. StglOc.
VEAL — L<>in Ito«i«. ir.@20c; Shouldei Roast,
li'-QKx.-: Chops and Cutleif. 15620c; Stew,
l£i£tflSc.
MUTTON — Ivg, 15c: Korequarter, 12%c;
s-ifw s&IOc: Prme Chops. lS^i-Oc.
LA*MB ■ \jr%. 20c; Forequarter, 12VjSfl5c;
Htnequantr. l£3-'l | c: Shoulder Roast, 12%c;
Chops 20c. i
I'yliK- Roost. IS'.jplSc; Chops. 15glSe.
Tbrs« prices do not cover the cheaper grades.
a*, it is imi-osslble to quote regular prices on
i hem.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices Jrcm N< «• YorK pay
"Buytac inien-»t in dri'.d fruits still lags
;ind tli»- ten-ral n-aturcs of the market vary
i:;il>p lrom thos* 1 jr»-.-«nt<»d for some weeks past/
Cables from Greece rfi>ort a decline in the
jii'-<-- ot i'lomp'. tthipnvnl Currants to 12s tki.
«:id ther.- ar* ruraurs iii still lower offering.;.
: tie loi-al murkct, however, dot-y not seem tc
h.iv>» been arf<-ot»>d. as stock* her? are not
btavy and tlie quantity afloat is comparatively
►iiall * Tt-t demand tor uncle^ned nne Aniii
ii«i!- in barrels U lisht at present and is eup
jjliod at 4"»S|5c as to quantity and seller.
Ota^d currants arc with a steady
idbbtttt Li-mind at unchang^i prtces. The
l^isi:i msrket was uninteretting. Notwitn-
the airr^ment recently entered into
l,v *M i-»r i-«-nt of the owners Of Prunes in the
SJintu « lara Valley to liold their Etock on a
-~,v n<t l«»iF. theiv is said to be no lack o.
. -flints fiom that quarter at 2%C hasis. l--ast
ei«! buyM-s still manifest Indifference, and we
h'cr oi nu f. o. b. transactions. Export Intcr
e;; a i« o ..■•:- to have materially decreased
o! late. .In fuot Prunes the movement Is en-
tudy «\ong jwbbirg lincp and business is o.
n>,.u*rate \olLnie. Apricots i-onlinue to b<? the
►titngfft and relatively the most active com
modity o:i the list, but business Is reslncteU
b> th? limite-i supply here and on trie coast
stn.1 l>y tte clfifrence existing in many m
-tan.^? b^tnt^n the views of buyers and sell
us on t!i* question of i>rires. The tendency
or tt.e ciart markrj i? upward. Peaches re
ma'n ratli.r quiet, but are held with confidence.
l'au-e a i* in moderate r-quest at steady prices.
Kigs-'nn-' again <iui. t. buyers te-ming to have
iwvered thtir requirements for the moment.
The Weather and Crops.
The wveklV report of A. G. McAdi-. section
•'.•rector <■' .liie climate and crop service of th«:
Weather Burt-au. ;«. as follows:
GENERAL SUM MART.
Clear weather prevailed in all eections dur
'ng the week. 'J'he temperature was i>iigntly
r.ighcr thsn during the preceding week, but
me nights were generally cold and heavy frosts
occurred in many riacet.
There has betn but H'tle change in crop con-
Jiticna fine* the last r*SK>rt. except that the
abceaoa of rain Is being more keenly Icll ail
;nrough th# wnithem uis'rkts and especially
in Soutlvrn California and the southern t-an
Joaqu.r Valley. Other sections are not yet
*tirrerinc m>m lack ot moisture, but the poll is
brcoming dry and rain will be needed soon. In
lh« central "and northern eections the warm,
t±cmx days of the past week caused a more.
i«>;id growth ot grain and grass; early sown
grain if locktng well, but the late town is
ii'Hking flow growth. Pro«i>eits are very good
lur «-x;-ell<nt crop* In these sections. In South
ern California the early i*o»n grain hau not yet
tome up. and thouch some farmers continue
dry *e«r<JinR. trusting to future rain* to make
n crop, prosr»ects are extremely discouraging
except in places where trnple iirigation water
can be obtained. Pasturage has faifed in most
j.isr*-* in tht- south and cattle are suffering;
■ n the northern sections ercer. feed is abun
dant and stock mn in good condition.
Tree and vitie planting, pruning and cultiva
tinr t«re progrcst-lng in most eections. and the
ou'.iook tor deciduous fruits is reported good
la ihv central and northern districts. Southern
• '.alifornia oranges hsve not bten badly ln
;ur»-d by frost. J.
.SACRAMENTO VALX.ET
■far warm weather prevailed during the
n.rk. with light northerly winds. Light xrosus
uccjrred daily. Early sown grain Is look!:?
well tuiid making -good growth, but the late
K>wn ic *low in coming up and would be greatly
i:i!^roved by rain. CJrasa la growing rapidly
hi <1 pn-cn f«*d is abundant. Plowing, seed
i:ii.- Aid orchard cultivating are progressing.
The a«Teage In irrain is reported large, and at
i.rwnt the outlook is good for at least an
a-. :a^e crop. The acreage in fruit trees and
fctipevlncs is being considerably Increased,
rrunir.g continues in orchards and vineyards.
The *oll is becoming somewhat dry and rain
\v|ll fee n?*ded soon.
COAST AND RAT SECTIONS
Ciear weather prevailed during the week,
with cool, nosty night* in most place*. The
trot-ts have caused no dansge. but crop growth
liar been rctsrded l>y the continued cold weatlr
or. In the central and northern sections grain
:"T:d Kraes are in excellent Condition and pros
l*ct« are gocd for fully average crops; green
>ced is plentiful und stock are doing well. In
thp touthurn districts crop conditions were
► I-.ghtly improved by the rain of the preceding
\>ee|c, bu' heavy rain Is needed very soon to
inxurt- {air crops ; green feed is scarce and
<attle are suffering. V.'ork Is progresRing In
<rchar<2* and vinr-vjirds. and In the central and
r.orthtrn tections prospects are good for large
yields of deciduous fruits. ;-" ■ ■-,
SAN JOAQU1N VAIJ^ET.
Generally clear, cool weather with frequent
frcst« prevailed during the week. No damage
iuu be<n reported from the frosts. Grain and
jri-cen feed are making very little progress
• .wing to the cool, dry weather. Rain is badly
netdd in all sections. In the north portion
»e«*dlng continues and some summer fallowing
it b*>lnR done, but in the eoutbern and central
jiortioiis the ground is too dry to work. Prun
ing and cleaning orchard* and vineyards con
tinue. More pumping plants are being in-
Mailed la the southern portion of the valley.
Keed is Rf| scarce In the southern and central
I >ortlors of Um valley and stock sre suffering.
SOUTHERN CALU^ORNIA
The weather continued warm and clear, with
• ••! nishts and frequent frosts. A minimum
t(mper»ture of 25 decrees occurred at Poway
< n the 29th. Some farmer* are dry seeding.
truj-tirg to future rains to make crop?. The
early sown grain ha* not come up. and pros
ne'rts for even a partial crcp are not eneour
wc'.ng, *x<*pt In places where irrigation water
i an be obtained. Pasturage has failed In most
M~>~tion«, and dry feed ir scarce and high
priced. Cattle are In very poor condition. It
iv renor-ted that citrus fruits have not been
•lamagr-d by front. Orange shipments are
Kcht ow'sg to cold weather in the East.
EUREKA SUMMARY
Ccol and pleas-ant weather throughout the
week: early sown train made very good
«:ro«-tli. Plowing and fceeding continue. Grass
< n the ranges is abundant, but needs warmer
v. cither.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY
Warm days and cold, frosty nights con
tinue, but nu damage reported. High desert
« n.ijs injured orances In some sections. Th-«
fred situation is worse, and in some places
«u-k are suffering.
Weather Rcpott.
(12<Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
*AN FRANCISCO. Frb. 2—.'. p. m.
Tfc« foUonics are the eeaional rainfalls to
date as compared, with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
'Last This . Last
Stations— . ; 24 hours, -season, reason
Furrka ...i O.ift 'St.^- 38.43
Hea Bluff: ..O..X. 13.CO 1« 41
Sacramento .» 0.00 5.22 10.1S
Pan Krancisco 0.00 7.10 10.J6
-rre^no ....-..: 0.00 !•« 5 -^
Indei*ndenee .... u.00 0.4J • i«*~M
San Luis Obispo. . .„ . 0.00 1 .90 2.«>5
lx.8 Angeles O.00 . 0.6.
t*n Diego..... 0.00 0.45 ..63
THE COAST RECORD.
J _:--¦ jr O* 2
• §• p |3 -£ ?! I
STATIONS. | *{3 1 5 s§ =f~ p
' : .- £ - £ * r £
•! C C ; •' 3
Baker 30.2S "0 "INK cloudy .00
• 'arson . ."0.12 5S 24 W Clear .00
Kureka 30.20 40 42 BW Cloudy .00
| Kara lion MO.i:, Dl 4S KW Cloudy .00
• Fresno ...'..I .30. IX 84 32 B Clear .00
FiapstafT ."0.00 M 2fl - E Clear .00
PocatcMq .¦ 30.28 34 "'> K Cloudy .00
Point Reyep... 30.11 4i» 4.-i NW cloudy .00
Indei«endence . . . 3<j
iso* Angeles.. Ml. 04 «;t5 40 AY Clear .00
Mt Tanialpais.:i0.1,"i <-: 4>« NW Clear .<*>
North Head...::0.12 4<; 38 N Cloudy" .00
Phoenix '.30.00 7J VA .HE Clear .CO
Portland 0.16 4'> 82 N Cloudy .00
•Red Bluff 90.12 02 38 6 • Clear .00
Roseburgr 30. 1« 4« 3S NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..:i0.12 <".O 40 S Clear .00
Fait I-ake ::0.1S «2 24 BW Cloudy .00
San Francisco. ."U». IS M 4« w Cloudy .00
San J.. Obispo >-•«>. <>S 04 38 N Clear .00
San Diego :\(K*rl liO 50 NW Clear .00;
Seattle '.30.24 44 .. NW FoKjry .00
Sl>okane to. 26 36 22 B Cloudy .00
Tat.vjsh 10.14 -. 3R . E Cloudy .00
WiJia Walla. .30.-24 44 33 E ' Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .30.16' 52 12 BW Clear .00
Yuma ..._.... .29. OS 7t 40 NK Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST .
Tlir pressure Is crinnlnK to fall rapidly
i al"ne the coast north of Cape Blanco, and a
! disturbance may appear Wednesday along the
Washington ecast'. . . .
Iljfre lias l>*^n hut little change in tempera
ture WHt of the Rocky Mountains. ¦
Cloudy -Ti- eat her with fog is reported at
many points on the Pacific Coast.
No rain ha;« fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endtnir midnight. February 3:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday; pos-
Fihly rain I y night on the northern coast; light
southerly ti-lndp.
Southern California Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds. chaneinK to westerly.
VevaWa — Fair ' "dn«s<lay.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; po^lbly '.ight rain by right: l'^ht north
erly \vind«. changing to Foutheacterly.
A. G. MrAK'IF District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS, j
New York Moncv Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2. — Money on call was
easy at l-%&2 per cent; closing bid, 1*4 per
cent: offered »t 2 per cent.
Time loans were slightly firmer. Sixty day*.
3%4tvi |>er rent: ninety days. 4®4»4 per cent;
elx months. tttipAjK P* r CPnt -
Prime mercantile paper. 4»^e5'« per cent.
Sterling exchange was firmer, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 8.*>.45'ti4 S5.. r >0
for demand and at $4 $2.S0@4 82.90 for sixty
day bills.
Posted rates. $4.83'i and $4 K6S4 86'$. '
Commercial bills. $4 &2%@4 82%.
Bar silver. Mtfe,
Mexican dollars. 43e.
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroad?. Ir
regular.
Nfzv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2. — The stock market
lapsed a further stage toward entire stagna
tion to-day. Except for the fact it continues
to show activity In a few stocks the dealings
were of a negligible quality so far as th-y
reflected views on any properties or of the
business, industrial or political world. There
was a flurry in Amalgamated Copper In the
opening dealings on the decision by the Mon
tana Supreme <>>urt giving legal sanction to
the holding by Amalgamated of stocks in other
corporations, but the price of that stock got
only a shade higher than the first price and
then sagged hcav.iy to Hi below last nfght.
The action of the stock was attributed to
profit-taking on the favorable news. The rise
in the United States Steel preferred, on the
ether hand, was considered due to covering.
Operators who followed the decline last week
were inclined to believe that the fall had
been due to the knowledge of the coming
resignation of John D. Rockefeller from the
board of directors. The shorts were therefore
disposed to cover, with the news of the resig
nation published. Some of the other iron and
steel stocks hardened in sympathy with United
States Steel, but the movement was" short
lived. 'News from the trade was meager, but
the decline In gross esrnings of the Penn
sylvania lines for December was counted as
an unfavorable indication owing to the large
share of that system in the iron and' steel
traffic. Pennsylvania's reduction in operating
expenses for the same month was .regarded
hopefully as a possible promise for conserva
tion of net earnings by retrenchment. The
Russo-Japanese situation was deemed rather
leas hopeful for peace and this influence was
shown in 'a firmer tone for grain and a re
lapse of cotton. The effect on the securities
market was largely confined to restriction
operations pending the reception of the Rus
sian reply to Japan. Amalgamated Copper
carried the whole market with It In the late
dealings to a level below last night and the
market closed heavy and lifeless.
Bond* were dull and Irregular. Total sa'es,
$2..Vtf.,0O0.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 22.900 70% 70 fi9%
Atchison pfd 400 91% 81 81
Baltimore & Ohio.- 9.700 84 83 83
Bait &. Ohio pfd t>l
Canadian Pacific... 2.400 119 UKH H8 l 4
Cen of New Jersey. 40O liiOVj 1G0 159 '
Chesapeake & Ohio 200 "4% 24 >4 24
Chicago & Alton . . . 200 36 36 30
Chi & Alton pfd.. 100 8-4 84 / 83?i
Chi Great Western. 300 -16S& 16«i if,i!
riU G W B pfd .... , 2!S«i
Chicago & N W i(5«-
Chi Term &. Trans .... 10
Ciii T & T pfd... 100 23ii 23>4 22>i
C. C. C & St Louis .".... 7714
Colorado Southern.. 2<X> 18 IS 18
Colo South i»t pfd. nno r>7U 57 r»7
Co'o South 2d pfd. 300 26^4 26 25 «i
Delaware & Hudson 2,200 16S 106U lt;e'
Del. Lack &. West .... 269 «4
Denver & Rio G.. 200 21 H 21 «i 21 »i
Den &. Rio G pfd ...'. .... 72
Krie 2.K0O 2734 27*4 27Vi
Erie 1st pfd 400 W% WJ',4 6«U
Krie 2d pfd... 471$
<;re»t Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley....- 70i» 76*, 701-i 75a;
Hocking Val pfd.. .TOO KT, S4t£ K\%
Illinois Central 1.W0 130»J 129% 120%
Iowa Central £0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1904.
Iowa Central pfd 38
K C Southern .... U"S
K C Southern pfd.. • 100 36>4 36V4 30»»
Louis & Nash N00 1O7V4 1WJ?4 IW'i
Manhattan L 500 143% 143>i 14314
Metropolitan St Ily 4,400 120}a H8?4 12O14,
Minn & St Louis.. ' «0
Missouri Pacific 3.500 94 »3'i 93*4
Mo. Kan & Texas.. 100 17«» lVty 17J4
M. K & T pfd 400 40 39>,4 3!»>4
Ntl R R Mex pfd .• • 38
New York Central. 000 119% 119 119
•Norfolk & Western. 800 SQ% 59T» J>0
Nor & West pfd «! ,
Otftarlo & Western. 1.W00 23»j 22^» 22» 4
Pennsylvania 2S.400 121 >». 120 120
P. C, C & St Louis •• h i
Reading 9.400 45% 44ft 45
Reading 1st pfd *»■■
Reading 2d pfd •••• ■ ■ S2J».
Hook Island Co... 5,100 24tfc 23»4 23J4'
Rock Island Co pfd . 600 6t C3»i !•»%
StL & SF 1st pfd.. •• V
PtL & KF 2d pfd.. 700 4S 47 U ,Ai
St. Louis & SW.. 100 1414 1-JVi Htt
St L & SW rfd.... 40O .TU<, 33% 3.3
SH Paul 9.709 144Vi 113U 143U
Pt Paul pfd...'. 176$
Southern Pacific... 1.100 60S 60 50V«
Southern Railway.. 2,100 22% 22U 22 U
Southern Ry pfd... 200 83-«, S3H « )
Texas & Pacific 1,000 26H 25^ M*
Tt. StL&W •• •• 2^
T, St L & W pfd «n*
Illnlon Pacific 24,600 81% 80!,. **
'Union Pacific pfd 2Si/
Wabash ........... 300 20*4 20 J4 2OU
Wabssh pfd 2.S00 39% 38?6 3ST«
Wheeling ALE •••• fi£?
Wisconsin Central.. 200 2O»4 20 l<=ft
Wis Central pfd.. 400 44'/, 44 44
Express Companies —
Adams ™
American - .• • • • , "«
United States : i>n%
Wells-Fargo - 0O
Miscellaneous — , ....
Amalgam Copper .101.200 5176 49U 49^
Am Car & Foundry 200 20V4 W< ™Vt
Am Car & Fdy pfd °J>
Am Linseed Oil... •• J2.
Am Lin Oil pfd -•• •;•; **r)
Am locomotive .. 2.800 22'.4 21'4 : 1"«
Am Locomb pfd •••• i ':*
Am Smelt & Rfg. 400 . 5O 49?* 49^
Am Sm & Rfg pfd. 100 P3 »S »2S 4
Am Sugar Rfg 4.000 12S 127 12.
Anacon Mining Co. 2,800 ' 74 07 <0
Brooklyn Rap Tran 25..-.00 46%. 45 4o%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 7C0 32 30U 31
Col & Hock Coal »^»
Confolidated Gas . 400 192V 4 192 192
General Electric «<>/,
Intcrnatl Paper • •••• 1;?*
Int Paper pfd .... 300 66% 66^ fifii*
Internatl Pump J2**
Int Pump pfd 7 -
Natlonal Biscuit +2'*
National Lead l»
North American .. 200 87 81 eOJa
Northern Securities 55%
Pacific Mail 1.200 29% 23 29
People's Gas 400 101% 100% 100T;
Pressed Steel Car.. 600 30% 30Vb 30&
Presd Steel Car pfd 69 I
Pullman Pal Car "15
Republic Steel >V<
Rep Steel pfd 44%
Rubber Goods 400 20% 20>* 20%
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,000 3S 37 37^,
U S Leather 200 7% 7?, 7U
U S Leather pfd.. 100 78 78 77%
U S Rubber 300 13% 13 12^i
U S Rubber pfd.. 300 62 51 51
IT S Steel fi.100 10TJ 10% 10V,
II S Steel pfd 37.300 55% 54% 54%
Western Union 88
Total sales ..,.369,400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2. — Bond transactions:
United Railroads of San Francisco, 2700 at
579 75. 1
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, $:* 87>/a: asked, $4 12H- Pre
ferred—Bid. $34 60; asked. *35 25.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.105 Man con gold 4s. .103 U
Do coupon 105 Mex Cent 4s 69
Do 3s reg 100 Do 1st inc 15
Do coupon 106 Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do new 4s reg.132 1 .* M. K & Tex 4s.. 97%
Do coupon 132^4 Do 2ds 78^
Do old 4s reg.. 107 U NR of Mex con 4s 75U
Do coupon 107H NYC gen 3«4«.. 96>i
Atch gen 4s 97 T ; N J C gen 5s... 131
Do adj 4s 8914 Nor Pac 4s lO.'^i
Atlantic C L 4s. 73% Do 3se 72
iBal & Ohio 4s 101% Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Do 3&s 94 u, OSL 4s & partic. 93
I Central of Ga 5s.lO.">% Pa conv 3»ss 96%
I Do 1st inc 70% Reading gen 4s.. 9(>%
Chcs & Ohio 4Us.103V.ISL & 1 M con 6s.ll»'.<i
Chi & Alton 3Vis. 7«H S L & S F fg 4s. Ki%
C. B & Q new 4s. 93» 4 St IajuIs SW lsts. 9«%
CM & StPgn 4s.l08 Seaboard A L 4s. 6SVj
C & NW con 7s. 129% So Pacific 4s:... 89%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 717ilSo Railway 5s. ..113
Do col 5s 82'J, Tex & Pac lsts..H6%
C.C.C & StLgn 4s 07% T. St L & W 4s. -71%
Chi T/»rm 4s 79 Union Pacific 4s..lO2"i«
Cons Tobacco 4s. 57'4 Do conv 4s.... 97%
Colo & So 4s 87 D S Steel 2d 5s.. 72Vi
Den & Rio G 4s. 87% Wabash lsts 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. OS Do deb B 0GV4
Do gen 4s «<>% W & L Erie 4s.. -00%
F W & D C lsH».105% Wis Cent 4s 90
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5% C F & I conv 6s. 73%
L & N unified 4s. 99
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 27 Ontario 6 CO
Breece 10 Ophlr 4 50
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel CS Potosi 25
Con Cal & Va.. 1 70 Savage 59
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver 1 25 Smalt Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 1 60
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — I Westing Com ... 81
Call loans 3K04H Mining —
Time loans ...4V4@5 j Adventure 2«'i
Bonds — Allouez 4^s
Atchison 4s 08% Amal Copper 41H1
M*-x Cent 4s 69 Blngham 21?4
Railroads- Calumet & Hecla.4.">
Atchison 69% Centennial 15t£
Do pfd 90*4 Copper Range ... 44
Boston & Albatiy.246 Daly West- 34>4
Boston * Maine. IKS Dom Coal 60
Boston Elcv 140 Franklin 8U
N Y. N H & H..135',4 Isle Royale 8
Fitchburg pfd 136 Mohawk ; 36
Union Pacific ... 81 Old Dominion 10
Miscellaneous — Osceola 58
Amer Sugar 127U IParrot 25*i
Do pfd 126 Qulncy 85
Amer Tel & Tel.. 127 Santa Fe Copper. ITs
Dom 'Iron & S.. S\i Tamarack 105
Gen Electric ....170 Trinity 4?«
Ma«s Electric 21 Vi United States 20<X,
Do pfd 78 Utah 33>*
United Fruit »8 Victoria 3Vj
U S Steel 10 1 * Wlnona ;.. 6%
Do pfd" 54% Wolverine 72
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. 82T4 N Y Central 123
Do for acct «Hi Nor & Western.. 6214
Anaconda .'l^ Do pfd 91
Atchison 72-14 Ontario & West.. 23%
Do pfd '. 94 Pennsylvania .... 62V»
Bal & Ohio 8GU Rand Mines »%
Can Pacific" 122'i Reading 23%
Ches & Ohio 35>4 Do 1st pfd 41
Chi Great West.. 17*4 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi Mil & St P.140>a So Railway 23
De Beers 20 Do pfd 66V t
Den & Rio G 22>a So Pacific 51%
Do pfd 51 Union Pacific 63%
Erie 28Vi Do pfd 93i£
Do 1st pfd..... 68»4 U S Steel 11
Do 2d pfd 49 Do pfd 66'.$
Ill Central 134% Wabash 27
Louis & Nash 110 Do pfd 40
M. K & Tex 17U
Bar silver— Firm. 20 l-16d per ounce.
Money — 2@2'4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills Is 2%©7 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@3 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.187 barrels; exports, 16,000 barrels. Firm,
with a fair demand. 1
WHEAT— Receipts, 67,277 .bushels; I spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 94c elevator; No. 2 red! 91%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 00%
f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Stronger wheat prices were
noted to-day as a result of lower consols,
more bullish cables, good Western buying and
a. big decrease In world's stocks. LaBt prices
were net higher. May closed 93?gc; July
closed 8Sc; September closed 81 ',4c
HOPS — Firm; State common to choice (1003
crop), 30@38c; 1902 crop, 24@28c,-Paclflc Coast
(19t>3 crop), 27®35c. .
PETROLEUM-Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, steady; No.
6. 4.05c; No. 7, 4c; No. 8. 3.!»5c: No. 9. :5.90c;
No. 10. 3.(S5c; No. 11, 3.80c: No. 12, 3.75c;
No. 13, 3.70c: No. 14, 3.65c: confectioners' A,
4.30c; mold A, 4.80c; cutloaf. 5.15c: crushed,
5.15c; powdered, 4.65c; granulated, ' 4.45c;
cubes, 4.70c. ■ ■ ■ . -
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
»Il-l«c; mild, .steady: Cordova. 8«4©13^aC
Record breaking activity, coupled ■ with con
siderable excitement, developed . in' the. coffee
market to-day. ■ After opening irregular on an
advance I of 10 points to a decline of 10 points,
the market was hammered down by the per
sistent selling of importers until stop orders
were reached. The selling was augmented by
the liquidation of a long Interest which had
apparently become somewhat' overextended
during the advance of SVic In the last ' few
months. The market closed steady .at a net
declln- of 40 to 50 points, or about lien
pound, with sales reported of 555,000 bags, this
representing the largest day's business In the
history of the exchange. Futures close 30(550
points lower. \ February, 7.85@8c: March,
7.«5@ > S.20c; May, 7.95@8.45c; July, 8.30@8.60c;
August, 8.85c: September. 8.55<!S9.l5c; October,
8.8u@9.10c; December, S.75@9.40C
DRIED FRUITS
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market, con
tinues quiet. Common. 4@5c: prime, 5%@5V4c;
choice, 5jfc@6c; fancy.' tfVa®7c.
PRUNEa — Are reported firm on the coast,
but are. very easy in the local market. Quota
tions range from 3%c to 6Vic for all grades.
APRICOTS— -Are In good demand. Choice
are quoted at OV4@9tfc; extra choice at 9«i
@10Vic, and fancy at ll@15c
PEACHES — Are firm, with choice quoted at
7}4@i?ic; extra choice, 7«4©8c; fancy, 9@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NE?W YORK, Feb. 2.— Tin advanced 2s 6d®
5s in London, with spot closing at £124 5a 6d
and futures at £126 2s 6d. Locally tin was
Quiet and a little lower, with spot quoted at
»7. 6O028. 00c.
. Spct copper advanced 6s to £56 12s 6d and
futures 2s ed to £56 6s In London. In the
New York market copper Is quiet and un
changed. Lake, 12.5O@12.75c; casting, 12.25®
12.5Cc. ~ ■*
Lead was unchanged at 4.45@4.50c in the
local market and at £11 5s in London.
Spelter also was unchanged at 4.90i@5.C0c lo
cally; but advanced 2s 6d to £21 17s 6d In Lon
don.> • "
Iron closed at- 60s Id in Glasgow and at 42s
7U-d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $15<Slfi;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, *14(gl5; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
soft, $13 75<??14 25.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2.— Special cab!* and
telegraphic reports received by Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies, as compared with previous accounts:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 1,107.000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 1,400,000. Total
sales, decrease. 2 .,U7,OCO
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 778,000 bushels.
r_ : — f
j Chicago Board of Trade. |
CHICAGO, Feb. 2. — Trading on a mammoth
scale was witnessed to-day in corn and oats.
Manipulation by prominent operators caused a
marked advance in both cereals. May corn
showed a final advance ot l%c, while oats
were up %Q>%c Wheat prices were affected
largely by the strength In coarse grains. May
wheat closing %@lc higher. Provisions also
were .strong, the May products closing 17 %c to
45c higher.
A remarkably broad market In corn devel
oped almost at the very opening. The keynote
apparently wu sounded when the representa
tive of the Interest that is supposed to be-}ong
on May wheat began to buy May corn. Large
commission houses were also liberal buyers.
The advance resulting in prices for corn was
not lacking in celerity. It was estimated that
during the buying furor upward of 2,000,000
bushels of May corn were taken by one house
popularly credited with being the largest hold
ers of wheat for May delivery. May opened
i<ic to He higher at 50!&@51c. and after selling
at 5O9i<a*i0&,c the price steadily advanced.
The advance demand continued the entire
session and the close found May l%c higher at
61TJC
A new record mark was scored for the May
delivery of oats; the price to-day reached 45V4
@45?ic. Trading continued in a large scale
the entire session. The close was strong, with
May %@%c higher at 44%@45c.
Trading in wheat was moderate In volume.
A decidedly strong tone was manifested. Ear
ly factors in contributing to the advance were
strong English markets, reports of damage by
unfavorable weather in the Southwest and the
apparent congestion In the market for coarse
grain. May wheat opened unchanged to %c
higher at 90%c to 91%c. On an active demand
from shorts the price quickly rose to 91 %c.
The advancing tendency, however, was soon
checked on selling by commission houses, who
were supposed to be acting under Instructions
of the leading long. The market gradually re
ceded under this selling pressure until the end
of the first hour, when May was again quoted
at 91 lie. The market dragged for a time,
owing to the absence of many traders who had
found more alluring attractions In corn and
oats. A large decrease In the world's avail
able stocks brought about an active commis
sion house demand later in the day and prices
started upward, aided by the strength in other
grains. On this spurt May advanced to 92c.
but realizing sales caused a slight reaction.
The close was strong, however, and near the
best prices. May being %@lc hinher at 91%©)
91%c. July f=old between 82"i@83%c, closing
at the top with a gain of %$*%c
Provisions ruled strong and active on cover
ing by shorts, together with heavy buying for
investment account. The opening was strong,
influenced by higher prices for hogs at the
yards, and on the advance In the nrice of
coarse grains the provision list became still
stronger. The selling was chiefly by local
longs. May pork showed the greatest gain
and closed at an advance of 45c at $13 45, after
ranging between $13 15®13 50. May lard was
up 20c at $7 50. with ribs 17%@20c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
May ??. ..*.?'.."- 91 Mi P2 00 *4 91%
July S3% 83% 82% 83%
September v ... 78V4: 78% 78% 7STi
February 0 '. ~~. 4SU 4S% 4RU 4S%
May.... 51 62% 50% 51%
July 4S% 49 48% . 48%
Oats No. 2 —
February 41 Vi .42 41 Ji 41%
Mav 4f>(, 45% 44U, . 45
July -"«>S 3»Ts 38% 37H
M^.. r ?. rk :. P .ni5 1 "l3 50 13 15 13 45
May 1 '?:."?:.! 00 . 1^ 7 55 7 37% 7 50
July 7 50 '7 07% 7 40 7 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
Alav .. 6 70 « SO 6 67% 6 75
July '.'.'.'.'.'. 6 82% 6 02% 6 S2% 6 75
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 2. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, quiet and steady. No. 2
spring wheat. Sf.flttOc: No. 3. 78088H<J; No. 2
red 90»;@1K>aic; No. 2 corn, 47?4c; No. 2 yel
lnw, 4S I ic; No. 2 oats. 44c; No. 3 white, 42®
4;.:!,c: No. 2 rye. «0c: good feeding barley.
.'Wfiaoc: fair to choice malting. 45*g57c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 10; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 17:
prime timothy seed. $3 05; mess pork, per bar
rel $13 25012 "7V4: lard, per 100 lbs. $7 25©
7 30- short ribs sides (loosed. $6 50fe6 75;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 S7»4@"; whisky,
basis of high xvines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $10 75@11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26.200 - 21.3&0
Wheat, bushels 43.000 14.400
Corn, bushels 1497,500 84,900
Oats bushels .282.500 74.J0O
Rye bushels H.400 2,*>00
Barley, bushels ..; 09.600 11,800
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Feb. 2. — On the Produce Exchange
to-day the butter market was strong; cream
ery, 15<g2^e; dairy. 13®20c. Eggs, firm; 26®
28c. CheKe, steady: 10@10%c.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 2.— CATTLE — Receipt!".
3000. Steady. Good to prime steers. $4 00@>
5 30; poor to medium. $4(54 50; stockers and
feeders *2 25<S4: cows, $1 2503 R0; heifers,
$1 75«M .10; canners. $1 50@2 30; bulls, $1 75@4;
calves. $3 25S7.
HOGS— Receipt" : To-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
40 0<>f). Steady to strong. Mixed and butch
ers $4 r !5<&5; good to choice heavy. $195@5 05;
rough heavy. $4 7r.@4 95; light, $4 30@4 70; bulk
of sale. $4 55®4 85. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethere. $4@4 65; fair
to choice mixed. $3 75@4 10; Western sheep.
MJT5 15; native-lambs, $1@5 00; Western lambs
$0 10Q5 90.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— , March. May.
Opening « 3»4 15 2%
Closing 6 4 6 2»4
:.•■■■' '■■':■: PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 90 21 0T»
Closing 21 00 21 10
Flour —
Opening I..'.: 28 90 28 60
Closing 29 05 28 55
Eastern Cotton Market, 'y'*
NKW ORLEANS, Feb. 2.— Cotton irregular.
Middling. 15.15c.
■
St. Louis Wool Market.
• ST. LOUIS. Feb. 2. — Wool, nominal. Medi
um grades, combing • and clothing, 17® 2lc:
Heht. fine. 15«il7c; heavy, fine. 12Q14Vic; tub
washed, 20@30>^c.
Bosjon Wool Market. ,
BOSTON. Feb. 2. — Trading In wool has been
fairly active, with steady calls on dealers. The
price has held firm on alt goods. The situa
tion is regarded as being more In the sellers'
favor than for many. weeks. ■
Territory wools have been active, with sales
estimated . between 4,000.000 and- 5.000. 000
pound*. Quotations:
Territory wools: Idaho — Fine. 15@lCc; heavy
fine. 13ft 14c; fine medium. - I&gil7c; medium,
17>,;@lSc. ' • , :> -. '- ■ -
Wyoming— Fine, ITuSlCc; heavy fine. 13@14c;.'
fine medium." 16(9 17c; medium. 18}ifffl9c.
1 Utah and Nevada — Fine, 15tj :10c; heavy fine,
13314c; fine medium, 16Uffil7c; medium, 199
20c. ; ,-. . .
Montana— Fine choice, 19@20c; fine medium
choice. 19@20c, average lS@19c; staple 19$20c;
medium choice. 10@20c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 2.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
4 4@73c; blueatem, 79@80c; valley, 78^® 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 2.— Wheat— Steady: blus
stem. 79c; club. 75a.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Feb. 2.— Clearingi, JS10.128;
balances. $148,382.
TACOMA. Feb. 2.— Clearings. 1325.404; bal
ances, stii'.uer..
PORTLAND, Feb. 2.— Clearings, $557,830;
balances, $45,625.
. SPOKANE. Feb. 2.— Clearings, $387,799;
balances, $32,082.
LOCAL MABKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, is slightly lower and
Silver a fraction higher. ,
The Korea took out a treasure list of
$138,534, consisting of $18,259 in Mexican dol
lars. $475 in gold coin and $17,800 in silver
bullion for Hongkong and* $102,000 in silver
bullion for Hiogo.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — c $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83V+
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87 V»
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 66^4
Mexican Dollars,, nominal 44 9 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rates continue
low and nominal at 12s 6dQ13s 3d. usual Eu
ropean options. The chartered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnaga of 4510,
against 18,800 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 82,160 tons, against 73,630;
on the way to this port, 109,480 tona, against
190,760.
WHEAT — There was nothing especially new,
elthex from the East or abroad. With large
world's shipments the foreign markets are in
different to American advances.
Bradstreet's gave the world's visible supply
a decrease of 2,507,000 bushels.
Chicago continued unsettled rising front
90»ic to 92c and falling back to «l%c.
This murket showed no particular change.
The market for cash grain la- slow, as the de
mand ts light all around.
On Friday the grain committee of the Mer
chants' Exchange will act on a proposed
amendment to the rules, providing that here
after in making deliveries on time contracts
of No. 1 Wheat the seller shall have the right
to deliver White, Sonora, Bluestem or Walla
Walla, white or led, provided it is grade No. 1.
Should Walla Walla be delivered, an allow
ance of 5c per cental below the contract price
shall be made, and in the delivery of Sonora
a like allowance of Hie per ctL
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 37%@>1 42%; California
White Australian. $1 45@1 60; Northern Club.
$1 38%@1 41»4; Northern Bluestem. $1 47%@
1 50; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 37T4 $137% $137% $137%
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 37% bid, $1 38 asked.
BARLEY — Previous prices rule, with a dull
and featureless market. Everybody is holding
off for the long-deferred rain. It is largely a
case of weather now. At the moment cloudy
skies make futures weak, though they are not
actually lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1001 12%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%@l 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES. ,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 OS $108% $107% $1 07»i
December ... 1 05 1 05 1 04% 1 04%
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 08%.
j OATS— Continue steady but quiet at pre
vious prices. Offerings, though not heavy, are
ample for the demand.
White $1 20@l 35; Black. $1 25@1 65; Red,
$1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Grays $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — The market rules very strong and
quotations for both dpmestlc and Western are
again higher. The demand is brisk and stocks
are small.
Western sacked, $1 30@l 35 for Yellow, $1 30
@1 32% for White and $1 30®l 32% for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 3561 37%; small
round do, $1 40@l 50; White, $1 25©1 30 per
ctl; Egyptian, $1 45@1 66 for white and $1 25
for brown.
RYE— Is higher at $1 30@l 32% per ctl,
with sales around Stockton at the top quota
tion. Offerings In this market are light. Some
fine large." for seed. Is held at $1 35.
JDUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The local millers quote prices steady, with
the market quiet and unchanged.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60<f»
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $♦ 50®4 60;
Oregon and Washington, (3 90fi?4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 9004 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. ■ $3 25- Rye Meal. *3; Rice Flour.
$7- Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 60: Hominy. $4ff4 25; Buckwheat
Flour '$4 50@4 75; Crack»d Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina >l 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats' bhls, $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, ?7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and- Fecdstu ffs.
Hay rules firm at the advance noted yester
day. The demand continues brisk, both here
>nd in the interior. •■
Bran and Middlings are very stiff and there
sr= hardly any here. Rolled Barley and Mixed
Feed show slight changes. Otherwise there is
nothing new.
BRAN— $21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21«22 per ton. . ■
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50-S24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 6O@31;
jobbing $32: Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal $28 50®29 50; Cracked Corn. $29<fi30;-
Mixed B'eed. $21 50® 22 60; Horse Beans, $30#
4 °H P AY— Wheat $14S1S; Wheat and Oat. $14©
17- Oat. $14(&17; Wild Oat. $14@1C: Barley,
$12@14 50; Stock, nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$r_"l> K. 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50@75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There are numerous slight changes In Beans,
both ui> and down. Bayos, Pinks and Butters
arfe quoted higher and firm, while large Whites
are weak. Llmas continue very strong.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 ;i5iS2 50; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 50: small White, $2 90(33; large White.
$2 204J2 50: Pink. *2 85«M: Red. $4 25® 1 50;
Lima $:! 25<L»3 ::0; Red Kidneys. $4 25iS>4 50;
Black'eye. $2 15®2 25 per .ctl; Horse Beans,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 50: Yellow Mus
tard $2 Go©? 80; Flax. $1 SOftl l»0: Canary.
DfiSHO for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14©14%c; Rape.
M4C2c; Timothy. C®6Vic; Hemp, 3%g3%C'Pg
lb; Millet, 3(@3»ic; Broom Corn Seed $20@23
Pe DR°lED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
An easy feeling continued to prevail In the
Potato market, due largely to the recent heavy
arrivals of Oregon Burbanks. Most buyers
were anticipating further declines and were
purchasing no more than absolutely necessary
for Immediate requirements. • Telegrams from
the north say that the stcamerOregon. due to
morrow will bring nearly 10.000 sacks. Trade
In river Burbanks was quiet, but as supplies
were controlled by a few dealers prices were
unchanged. No fresh Sweets came In, but a
car wns reported close at hand and due at any
time ' Onions were firmer under continued light
receipts. Fine stock sold direct from the car
at the Inside rate, while the top quotation was
readily obtained for small lots at the stores.
As usual on Tuesday the receipts of Los
Angeles vegetables were light and prices for
cholco stock were well maintained. There was
no K«fg Plant received and only one sack of
String Beans came In. New Potatoes from
Mameda County were selling at 3@4c per
pound. Mexican Tomatoes, ex-steamer, were
offcrirB at 75ct*$l per box, but found few buy
ers, owing to the greenness of the stock.
POTATOES — Burbanka from the river. SQcQ
$1 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 40@l 60 per
ctl- Oregon Burbanks. |1«1 25 per ctl:
River Reds *C0@75c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, 90c
ts?$l p*r ctl; Early Rose. 90cg$l per, ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 25 per ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow. $1 60@l 75 per ctl; Green
Onions. 50@75c per box. '
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4® 6c per lb:
String Bean?. 20c oer lb; Wax 8@12VJc;
Tomatoes: from Los Angeles, $1@1 50 per box
or crate: Rhubarb. S@10c per lb: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1«1 50 per box;
Cabbage.- $1- per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c©$l per dozen '■■. for
small and $1 60@2 for large; Garlic. 5
fitic per lb: Egg -Plant. per
lb: Dried Peppers. B©8c per.lb for. Stock
ton and lffgl2Hc for southern: Dried Okra,
12t4c< per lb; Green Peppers, S612%c per lb:
Mushrooms. SS-ffSOe per lb: Marrowfat and
Hubb*«rd Squash, $10@15 per - ton for . round
tots and *6(H4c per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
' No ' more Western Poultry 'came In. but a
considerable portion of thu two ears that came
in on the preceding day was still on band. Re
ceipts of domestic stock ' were moderate and
trade was' quiet, as retailer* were well sup
plied with Western stock. Old Hens and
Roosters were dull, while* young stock, both
large and small, was steady under limited sup
plies. A few cases of dressed Turkeys came,
in, but they met with a sluggish demand and
prices were nominally unchanged.
Game arrived freely and moved oft slowly.
In fact, there was not enough business to war
rant any change in the quotations. Geese ana
Ducks were mostly poor and thin.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 17@20c per lb;
live Turfctys, 15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
*2@2 25; Goslings. $2©2 25: Ducks. 55 50<6o
per dozen for old and $fi@7 for young; Hens.
$5 B0&6 for large and $4 50@3 SO for small:
young Roosters. $6® 7: old Boosters. $«*»
5 50; Fryers. *5 50®e; Broilers, $4 50®5 for
large and $3 50@4~50 for small; Paeons.
$1 25@1 60 per dozen Tor old and $2 2?«2 50
for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3<84 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4 60; Sprig. $1 60(02: Teal.
$1 25-51 50: Widgeon. $1 25©1 50; small Ducks.
73c«r?l: Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. 75c»
$1 25; Brant, SI 25 for small and $1* for large:
Honkers, $4 50 for large and *3 60 for small:
Bngllsh Snipe. $3: common Snipe, $1 50; Wild
Doves, $1: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 23 for Brush; Hare. *1 25@1 SO.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues steady and th* situation
shows no change whatever. Fancy creamery
continues in light supply and there is no large
stock of lower grades.
A number of dealers are now reporting rather
more demand for the lower grades of Cheese,
though even with this improved inquiry th»
income is fully up to the outgo, so the market
shows little change. . Th* choice grades exhibit
no new features, being dull and plentiful.
Eggs continue unsettled, with a market al
most bare of stock. The range In prices con
tinues extremely narrow, yesterday's range be
ing 24g27e. which comprised everything. Re
ceipts were the largest for some time, running
over 1100 cases. They will probably increase
from now on. ©
Receipts were 39.S0O lbs Butter. 1119 cases
Eggs and 3200 lbs Cbeeas.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29o for firsts. S0C31e
for extras and 26@2Sc for seconds; dairy. IB®
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage. 22'tf
24c for extras. 18®20o for seconds and 16@13c
for ladle-packfd.
CHEESE— 10%®ll%e for good to choice new
and 9@10c for lower grades: Young Amer
icas. 11012c; Eastern, 15^16c; Western. 14U
15o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 26@27c for cholc* to fancy
and 25c for small and mixed colors; store,
24®25c; cold storage. lSg"19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade, in Oranges was of a light Jobbing
character and confined chiefly to the large
sizes, principally 96s, and such offerings were
firmly held at a small premium. Retailers
were complaining that the consumptive demand
was very light owing to the continued cool
weather, and were taking Just about enough
for immediate requirements. Tangerines were
less plentiful and were quoted firmer. Lemons,
Limes and Grace Fruit were in free supply
and unchanged. Ripe Bananas were plentiful
and moved slowly at previous prlcts. Five
cars of Oranges are announced for to-day's
auction.- *
There was nothing new to report la Apples
or Pears.
APPLES — $1 65O1 75 per box for extra
fancy; $1 25<&1 60 for ordinary fancy. 85c-j*l
for choice and 50&75c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellls from cold storage.
$1 75&2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50@2
per box for fancy. $1 25@1 75 for choice and
50oS$l for standards: Seedlings. 50c«$l:
Tangerines. 75c<g$l 5O per box; Lemons, $1 73
@2 6O for fancy, $1 25®1 60 for choice and
75c©$l for standard: Grape Fruit. $1S2; Mex
ican Limes. $4fi>4 50; Bananas. $182. per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2Q2 50 for Central
American; Pineapples, $1 60@C 60 per dozen.-
Dried Fruits,Nuts,RaisinsJIoney.
Aside from the establishment o( new Raisin
quotations by the Association, already men
tioned, the market has exhibited no new
features for a long time. The demand for
all descriptions of Fruits, Nuts and Honey is
reported quiet. The bee-ralaers still express
apprehension for the existence of their bees,
owing to the drought in the southern bee dis
tricts. It Is reported that Cuba is governing
the Honey market just now and. that Honey
from there is being laid down in the Eastern
and Middle States at prices at least a cent a
pound below parity of coast quotations.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7^60*40 lor Royals and 9
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4&
5Vie; sun-dried. 3@4c: Peaches, 4©6%c; Pears,
(MzlOc: Nectartnea. 4tg5Vic; Figs, white. 4 / a4*ic
in boxes; black, 4'£c; Pluns. pitted, 6®9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2#@2*4c for.the four
sizes. •
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904: Standard gTades.
r.O-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5>4c per
lb: 3-crown 5%c: 4-crown. B'.^c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4V»c; Seedless floated. 4»ic: 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4^c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5tic Layers, per 20
lb box — tt-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2: 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25. usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-ox
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
packa3e,, ti*4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb.^^c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice- 12-oz
cartons, per package, «Hc; choice bulk : car
tons per lb, 7Uc; 16-oz cartons, seeded. Seed
lings Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5?4c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6*i.c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. i;-i>£<®14c:
No. 2 HV4'&'l2c; No. 1 hardshell, WaVi^c:
No. 2 lieiHic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*..
10^c "for I X L. lO^ic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8?ic for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll«13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest-
HONEY — Comb*. lO^ll'sC for white and SV,fft
9><ic for amber; water white extracted. MJ
5Uc: light amber extracted. 4H@4*4c; dark,
3H©4c.
BEESWAX— 27<g29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher, but without any especial
activity. The packers have been selling freely
of late and the outside trade are now well
lpaded up with the goods. The general tone of
the market from day to day Is weak.
This market is quiet, with slight changes
in Hoc nroducts.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10»4e per lb for
heavv, 11 He for light medium. 13»jc for light.
14o for extra light and 16c for- sugar-cured;
Eartern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c: California
Hams. 12M,@t3c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl:
fxira Mess. $12812 50; Family $13; prime
Mess Pork. $16: extra clear. $24: Mess. $18.
Drv Salted Pork, lie: Pig Pork. $27; Pigs
Feet. $5 23: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. ■
LARD— Tierces quoted at .<:_ P«r lb for
compound and 9 Vic for pure: half-barrels pure,
OVic; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOftc; 3-lb tins,
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. SUc; three
half barrels. 8?4c; one tierce. 8}»c;-two tierces,
8Hc- five tierces, 8?»c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues to move off well under a
steady demand. Stocks are now well reduced
and the local trade say that In another fort
night the market will be practically, cleaned
up. Quotations are unchanged. ;
The situation in Hops remains unchanged.
The market rules firm and the quantity re
maining In growers' hands Is diminished to a
very small percentage of the crop. v
The situation in Hldys shows no change
whatever the market befhg featureless, except
that the representative of an Eastern tanning
concern Is here making purchases, which tends
to Impart some firmness to the market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about *4®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 8c; medium. 8c: light. 7«ic: Cow Hides.
7*'.c for heavy and 7V-ic for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. »c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOtic; dry Hides. 15<gl6c: dry Kip 13c; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40@t3c each; medium 70@90c: long
Wool $1@1 60: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large' and $2«2 50 for medium. $1 25<gt 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Do-
Mexican, 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c. * . ",
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c- per lb: No.
2, 3»&c: grease. 2Vi@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 0<q>
lie: Middle County. Il(gl2c: -Northern De
fective, OtilOc; Nevada. 13615c: Oregon, fine,
lS«H9c: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25030c per lb for California, 1903,
and 17®20c for crop of 1004.
Meat Market.
There are no further changes In Beef. Mut
ton or Pork. Mutton continue* In light supply
and firm. Beef Is steady and Hogs are coming
in sufficiently I to fill the demand. A very few
Spring Lambs are now coming In. bringing
15c per lb. Gloomy reports of cattle and sheep
suffering from dry weather are still received
from the southern stock counties.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6VS@7}Sc for Steers and 6(g6tic per
lb for Cows. _
VEAL— Large. S@«c; small. 0010c per lb. J
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%©10c; Ewes. 9©»4c
per lb
LAMB— 10'ie lie per lb: Spring. 15c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 768^>c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle :
CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Hfifers,
7£?8c: thin Cows. 465c per lb.
CALVES — 4ii U-ic per lb (gross weight >. n
SHEEP — Wether*. 4>i«Sc; Ewes. 4»i©4Hc
per lb (gross weight).*
LAMBS— 5@5tio per lb,
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. SU«3iJe:
over ISO Jbs. 5c; toft Hogs. 4 fce; Sown, «o per
cent. of*: Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40
per, cent off, from above Quotations.
ADCTION SAjjS
HAVE TOTJ BEZZT TO THE ATXCTIOS
SAJiSS SOOMI
- WHEEE?
AT 19 TT7BK ST., 2TZ.AK MARKET.
Where you can buy everything, sell anything,
exchange anything, turn old goods into cash;
or, if you have a store cr business of any kind,
•1st it with us and we will find a customer fcr
you. Our Methods — Prompt Service, Cour-
teous Treatment. Honest Dealings. Outsit!*
Auctioneer! n*r of all kinds attended to. A.
K. ANDERSON. "The- Auctioneer." Prop.
i>v_ AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSR
-^ MARKT7T. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNKj'-
DAT. February 3. at 11 a. m.. I wilt pell a
lot of all-purpose Horses and Mares, all goo4
-workers and good horses. Every horse most ba
as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bare. 5»i©5lic: San Quentia.
8.65c: Wool Bass. S2'gC5c: Fierce Twine, "S-ft
8c.
CANNED FRUITS — Th» California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following pri-o
list: _^
; IO . -rj M W
r «j3 w* E" Si
kruits. a p- i : r
— 2. •
p> ; . ! ;• '.
Apples Jl 55$1 30;$l 20 $1 10
Apricots 135 125 ....
Blackberries 1 eo 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A. 2 15 1 OOj 1 70| 1 40
Cherries, white .... 1 '3i 1 «0 1 35
Cherries, black 2 00 1 75t I HO J 3jV
Grapes 135 J 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches 1 40
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 60 1 30 1 20
Pears .' 2 00 1 75
Plums 1 35 1 13 1 05 95
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 190
Strawberries r 2 00 175 160 140
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard.- 80@92%c; Green Peas — Petit* pci'*.
$1 35; standards. 80c; standard, sifted. $1 05; ,
extra sifted. $1 20; marrowfats. 87fec ■
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $tt: Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7; !
Coos Bay. $3 60; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. *7 50? Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgK.
$14; Welsh Anthraolts Egg. $13; Welsh Lum^.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Opke. $11 SOW
13 per ton In bulk and $15. in, sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per" long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC. CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c;
cases, regular. 4%c; caaes, extra large, ocj
Eastern style. $8; boneless. Sfec; - "Norway,"
5%c; "Narrow. Gauge." 5%c; "Silver King.- j
7c;- blocks. ."Oriental." ,5%c: blocks. ; "Sea
bright." «c; tablets, 6%c* middles. 6mj7%c;
fancy boueless.* Sh*9S%c;, pickled Cod. bbls. -
$7 75: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 50. :
CORDAGE— The local company quotes a*
follows 60 days or % per cent discount tor
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs; Manila. 14 Ma
Sisal. 10%c; Duplex. »%e; Bale Rope. 10k t?
10%c per lb. ' •
COFKEE-^Is «Ughtly higher. Costa. RIcji —
14®15%c nominal for .strictly prlma to fancy
.washed; 12S13%c for prime washed; 11% ©12a
for good washed; ll%@13c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10@llo for r^od to prim*
peaberry; lO^SU^c for good to prime: 8%t>
»%o for fair: «%®8c for common to ordinary-
Salvador — 13©13%c nominal for strictly
prime washed^ ll@12%c foe good to prlma
washed- 9%@10%c for" .fair washed; ll%15c
for fair to 'prime washed peaberry; a %'u. >
for good to prime semi-washed; 9%c for supe
rior unwashed:, 9'4@OJic for good green un
washed; lO01O%c •> for good to> superior un
washed peaberry; 6%§8c, for Inferior to or
dinary. • ' . '
Nlcaragua^-12%@14%c nominal for prim* to
fancy "washed; 9 fci Gil UC nominal for fair to
strictly goed washed; sai^Q^ic Tor stood to «u ?
perior unwashed; 9%'glOc for good to prirn*
unwashed pcabeny. , . - i - .-
Guatemala and Me,xtcah-4-15^15 1 ic for fancy
washed: 12"%t£14%c for* prime to strictly prime
washed: im®ll%c for strictly . g<xxl
iO^ifJU^io for good washed: 9^H»r 'for. fair*
washed: 8%«8*ic"for medium: «%«>7/»ic. for.lrt
ferior to ordinary; 10%»|2c' for fair to prime .
washed peaberry; 9%>&lpc for. good to prime
unwashed pea"Sern;: Wi}9^c nominat-for gcod.
to superior unwashed;.-UVa-^STic..for.ash-dam
aged. ••■; . . • •■
LEATHER — Sole.* heavy.. 20©32c: extra
heavy 30<ft4(ic per lb: medium. 27.#2ac: U«bt.
24®2Bc; Rough Leather. 2«1?23c:. Ham-si
Leather, heavy. S5@33c for No,. 1 1 and ■ VKVi?.!^3
for No. 2: medium. «3Og-37c; -light. 29tf.'.,V ;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, Z.m^c: Qol
lar Leather. ir»@lfic per foot: Trace Leather. 40
€44c; Kip. unfinished." 40050c per, lb; Veal,
tfnished. 6CtJ60c per lb: C&Jf.-flnisheu. 65rfm
per lb; Wax Sides. lfrg-17c per foot;B»lt Knife
Splits. I4»l«c: Rough .Splits. • 8®l0e per lb.;
TANBAHK— Ground, $20^23. per ton; stick.
$15*918 per cord. - ' - , ' • ; -.' •'• r * ; '.'■•
OILS — Quotations are for barrels;", for rases.;
add 5c; Linseed., 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. -No. .1. "<*•:
Bakers' AA. $1 lft^t 12: Luctol. 4tcfor belled
and 42c for-raw; China Nut. 60«70r; per gallon: :
Cocoariut Oil. in'baxrels 58c for Ceylon an.V 5.".
for Australian: extra bleaefhed -winter'. Sperm
Oil. 80e: natural 'winter - Sperm- Oil. 75c - extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, ,85c; natural Whal<)
Oil. 60c: extra 'winter strained Lard Oil. .8ftc:'
No; 1 Lard Oil. 75c.: pure •Neatsfotot Oil. "5c;
No: 1 Neatsfoot.Oll'. fi5c: light Herring Oil.. 4>^ .
dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil." 3Sc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish r>l!.'3Sc;. bailed Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Pa5nt Oil. 33c. ' • . * . ... •• -
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
in bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil in cases; 21 %c; Astral.
21 Vic; Star. 21 %c: Extra 4 Star. 23%c: Elalrn*.
27%c:- 'Eocene. 24%e;, Deodorized Stove Gas»
liiie, la bulk. 17c;. in rases. '23%e:.Benxin«. in"
bulk. 13c: in cases. 49.%c; "86-degree. Gaaolln*,
In bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c.-. * '. V •,
TURPENTINE— S8c per gallon la case,, aad
S2e in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE tEAP- Red Lead **£*>
7c. per lb; White Lead. 6%#7c. . accordlr.r U*
quantity. ' • '. • • . " ' '■■. ' ?.
QUICKSILVEJl— 543®44 "for local use aad
$42 5O/S43 5O per flask for export, • ' ■■ '. .
SALT — Is nominal owing to*th« war amorr
handlers, though the' competition '/is reported
less acute and there are prospects of a ssttle
ment of the strife in the near future. .' ■ -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100-lfa bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and * Fine Crushed.' 3.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.3Cc; Dry Granulated.' coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 3.10c: Confectioners' A,
5.30c: Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C, 4.80c; Golden
C.' 4.70c: "D." 4.60c; barrels. 10c more;, half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. Me more: 60-lh baz«.
10c mere for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
5.?0c; boxes, 6.05c; H. & E. Crystal Dotnlnoa.
8.30c per lb. No orders > taken for ' less than
seventy-five barrels or Its ' equivalent. • •
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $lS£19r ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19H23: Latfi. 4
feet. $3 9C®4: Pickets. $19*828: Shingles. $2 tar
Xo. 1 and $1 60 for No. 2; Shakes $13 for split
and $14 for sawn: Rustic; $25931..
'Receipts of Produce/ Tt^ 3 .
FOR TUESDAY. FEBRUARY X
Flour. <jr sks .^10.498!Straw. ".ton* ... * ' 1»
ctls ....- 15.060 Wool bales .... ' «
Bairley. ctls ..*. W.CC2 Shorts, sks ..... 2OO
Oats, ctls l,2RO!Fced. sks .^... *>
Corn, ctls SS3. Pelts- Nr» , 14ft
Rje. ctla _ R35j Hides. No, .... etc.
Beans, sks- ..... 270 Leather rolls... ' . ■«*
Potatoes, sks .* 1.400;wine, gals .... *4.S0O
Onions; sks ... 45 Powder, car- .■..« t
Bran ska 2.1S0 Lime, bbls- .... ' .?«'
Middlings, sks.t- 400 Sugar. etl»....' 220.
Hay. tons 36S -. - - •
STOCK JTAKKET.
It Is Still Quiet,, Without Much
' • ' ; Fluctuation* ".- . : '
There was very little doing oh the- exchange*.
On the Stock' and Bond "Exchange Gas ant
Electric- sold down to'$57 50 and Giant Powder
was still weaker/declining to $60 87^. Amonc
the unlisted securities United Railroad 4s sold
at $50 50. $5000 going.
i Quarterly interest will be payable to-day on
the tt per cent bonds of the Edlsori Light and
Power Company. - ... . -
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alann Company
has declared a dividend of 10 cents per shire,
payable .February 16.
The- Butt** and Boston Mining Company has
declared a dividend of $1 per share, payable
Immediately.
The Onomea Sugar Company has reduced
Its dividends from 40 cents to 2t> cnts per
share and has declared one at the latter rate.'
payable February 5.
Sales of Security Savings Bank, stock have
been made privately at $412 CO per share, the
highest point It has ever touched.
At the meeting of Kern Oil Company di
rectors at Bak-r*fletd January 2S S. P. Mark
was elected secretary of th« company, vice II.
P Bender, deceased, and Joseph Chanslor hai»
been rhosen a director to succeed 11. P. T>n
der.. It is inferred from this that r!o««» re!a
.♦tons will hereafter be maintained between the
Kern Company and the Associated Otl Com-
Stock and. Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Feb. 2—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BO.NE>S.-
Bid. Ask. I RfilAsk;
4s <ir coup.. Unpins { U or cp n-wl.TS'it.T:
4s Qr reK...107U10S i.*N qr roi:n. .lOCtjlOT 1 ;
1 MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Ala A W 5s». — , — O T Co Ca.ti« * — J
Ray CPO R».lfi2 — Do 5s ....ifCT
CaJ C G Kd.t03«±103 Do con- .~*.lfl£
Cal O & T. k Oceanic S 5s* — - 7»
m & ct 5s. — 104 . Om Cable 6s. — 125
Continued on Pajjc FifteenFEED PLENTY
IN THE NORTH
Cattlemen Hear Cheering News
Concerning Raising of Quar
antine on Southern Counties
RAIN MAY SOON APPEAR
Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association Offers to Aid the
Governor in Giving Relief
Local catt'emen heard yiattcrday that
the Secretary of the > Department of
Agriculture willing to raise the
Governroc&t '.uarartine on the south
ern counties to permit the moving of
Starring cattlo northward to wh-.-re
tfcer* i% abundant feed. \ Tho undc-r
s.ai.dltjg v.-is that this Implied that
th** cnt'rt Fiate would be once more
quarantined temporarily. Tnere are no
oiUinancos in tho northern counties
« gainst sdm'ttins c.-ut!<?. Therefore it
v.is C ai,i -..hat if the Secretary of Atjri
ralturc tool- favorable action, .pll vlyit
wouid l>e n-cessary was.'' for tlte I?: ate
Veterinarian to patistfy the counties
that all catUc v.culd be carefully !n
epectafl before rrsabvifl.
There is abundance cH feed in some
ofvilie nor'lv-rn counties. Ordinarily
here li?jnoeh nov in the upper tier
• ' <cu3tip?. but this is m»t the rasa
; '■:. .--a: .n. The yrass is long, and in
;-.-Kh. AssccTulns to the returns of the
Flats ;>ci;:rd of E<:ualiza;.<>n. there are
'.-. California beef cittle, v.a!ued
a'l S f 3'i.3l •; £99.432 stock cattle, valued
at C-&, -;:< ;7 S ; o.lS thoroughbred cows.
vr.lueJ at $!52.r-60: 21.22S j?rcded cows,
v ortb $44^.475; .ir total. llS.O'JS Amei-
J< an cow;, worth $2.51:6.419; 124.«O1 cfin
jron ccv.s, assessed at $2,632,017. and
JT.p.TOl calves, worth $1,226,415. These
Courts gi v <" an idea of the extent of
the present oattle industry rif the Statt.
Professor McAdle of the Weather Bu
reau announced last night that theie
vas a possibility that California might
pet porne rain this evening.. There were
Indications of rain al«>r.g the coast of
the Stale- of Washington, and if condi
tions favor, V the threatened jstcircj may
come this way. MrAdle. however, does
r<~t want r^^P'^ to be 'too sanguine
shout the prospect of such an eariy
lel'.ef 'from existing- conditions.
In vIpw of the threatened loss of Ilve-
Ftock in Southern California as a result
of th» drouth, the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association ha«5 sent the
following ttlegram to Governor Pardee:
■■Th< j Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California heartily ten
ders its services in aid of measures to
relieve the southern part of the State,
If possible, from the danger of ioss cf
livestock. If desired, it. will- call a
meeting of those concerned to aid you
and the State Veterinarian in action
designed to best serve all interests.
"A. SBARBORO. President."
Tne Manufacturers . ana i'rociuccrs
Association does not know whether It
Is feasible for steps to l>e taken which
tv Ml teml to relieve the livestock-inter
ests in th* 1 pcuth without, at the. patn^r
time seriously endangering- similar. inr
terests of the north. -That is a ques
tion which ean best be determined by
consultation between the respective I -
tc-resLs, assisted by. the res.ylt of the in
vestigations now being made by .tho
Governor and the 'State Veterinarian,
Dr. Blemer. Without suspension of the
quarantine which the national authori
ties have maintained, for. .some time
past from a line brining with San
I-uis ' Obispo County .er*ending
down, the coast, including most of the
counties 'of Southern California, cattle
rannot be brought to, .the northern
ranges. .. •
SITU VT1OX IS SERIOUS
Pasture Lands in North Said to. Be
Already Overstocked, i.;
SACRAMENTO, Feb: 2.— The eitva
tion with respect to the- cattle in .the
Fouthfrn part of the fixate is regarded
es hourly, growing more serious. An
other appeal was sent. this evefilng by
Governor T'ardee to the Secretary of
the Department of Agriculture for per
r iESion ij move the cattlt :beyond the
Quarantine Mnes vvhich had beeit es
tablished f- chrr-k the spread of Texas
fever. Even should this : appeal \m>
prunted It is doubtful if tbe cattle can
be broughl to a place where they can
fiCfTire jrutf.rient green-' feed to save
th«:n fro'K lhrc?tened starvation.
State: Veterinarian C,"; "H. cBlomer
5^me t5rne ago reported to Governor
Perdue the serious aspect presented by
thr ' "drought in Soutnern California,
ar.d recommended thet the Governor
communi'-ate «-ith the Secrefnry of
Acrirultu:i? :»t Waf'iin^^m.and secure
pcrmisslon for cattle, after proper in-
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
of the most nUibborn and chronic kind
■re promptly relieved end eventually
cured by the use 01
This powerful germicide is ab-
soluteiv harmless. It has cured
rases pronounced incurable and
v 111 c^re you. By killing the
serms that cause skin diseases, it
allows N.iture to restore a healthv
skin. LVd and endorsed by lead-
ing pnysirians everywhere for the
last ; 2 \-c irs. Booklet on request.
Sold by \rzi\ng drorrfsts or trial
oottie sent prepaid oa receipt of. 25 cent*.
Cl ° Prince Si, New York. .
1-jjij; FAVORITE
BRITS HFC F^ n BARDERS. BA-
V.<v, r , Wrw .. 1. fc <*>» : *. I'llllard table*.
Ac. ',.,,• K1:r ' :< - r *. candy. makers, earners,
Lar-Vn. \"2 ]'*■ iM^-^. laundries. pap*r- c
rtiW. i.r !"; pal-tor». «hf» factories.
■ '"'rr^frr,. tarnicit," rtillors. etc
srtah . «aanft^ t «eri».60»aMr»maito St
CLAIMS RUDDER
WAS DEFECTIVE
Sailor Who Was on Ill-Fated
Steamer Clallam Makes Af
fidavit Bearing on Disaster
DEPOSITION IS REJECTED
Marine Inspectors Decline to
Accept It Insisting That
Witness Appear Before Them
SEATTLE, Wash., Feb. 2.— In sup
port of his contention that the Clallam
had a defective rudder which prevented
Captain Roberts from heading the ves
sel into the wind, allowing the water to
pour in through the broken deadlight,
Chief Engineer do Launay, during the
Investigation which was resumed this
morning, submitted an affidavit from
R. W. Griffin, a sailor, which the ma
rine inspectors declined to allow' to be
introduced as evidence upon the
ground that affiant had been • sum
moned to appear; that it was made In
Victoria, i>. foreign city; that the wit
ness had r.ot been questioned or cross
examined by men of marine knowl
edge. Hut v. ith the opening of the aft
ernoon cession the inspectors gave no
tice that they had caused a telegram
to be sent to Griffin, the board agreeing
also to personally pay his expenses, as
the Government makes no provision
for the importation of witnesses.
'iriffin sets forth in his affidavit that
the Clallam'p rudder was cracked from
one end to the other that -the ship
could not be steered without the re
lieving tackles; that Captain Roberts
ran about" the boat acting like an in
sane man, and that he was greatly ex
cited.
Various other witnesses, officers of
the steamer, had sworn during previous
sessions that the Clallam had a good
rudder and First Officer Doley testified
to-day that the relieving chains were
not brought Info use on the day of the
disaster.
After Engineer de Launay had been
on the witness stand several minutes
Inspector Turner asked:
"Is there anything more you want to
•talk about that you think has any
bearing on this case?"
"Well. 1 don't know as there is any
! thing that I could say that will help
; my case a bit," replied the engineer.
| "From the evidence that has been in
! troduced here there seems to be a dls
, position on the part of you gentlemen
1 to make me shoulder the blame iii £hls
! case."
Henry Jensen, a deckhand, recalled,
testified ,that in his opinion the Clal
lam's lifeboats were not properly man
aged.
spection. to cross the quarantine Jine
into other Stat-s and Territories. -
• The O. >vernor to-dny received a' reply
from the Secretary of Agriculture say # -
inj? that the department may be able
to issue an order for the movement of
cattle, after inspection, from the quar
antined section to other parts of^the
State if Callforr.;a. but th« It w*«'ald
be unable to permit such movement to
other States or Territories. The Secre
tary of Agriculture added that cattle
below, the .quarantine line, which,
roughJy. speaking, runs from San "Luis
Obispo County across the northern end
of Kern County, are considered infeet
?d and there is great danger of
spreading an infectious cattle disease
!f such cattle are allowed to go to other
States. The Secretary said that if a
plan can be devised by c which the cat
tlebwill be retained In California and
assurances given that they will not
he ntttved to other States, it is prob
able that an order extending the open
season can be issued.
A letter was also received by the
Governor to-day from Dr. C. H. Ble
iner. Sta^ Veterinarian, dated at San
Luis Obispo. In ft Dr. Blemer repre
sented the situation as serious, saying
thai cattlemen declare there are 800,000
head of cattle involved. Dr. Blemer will
go to-morrow to San Diego, Santa Bar
bara and Los Angeles. He is accompa
nied by Dr. A. B. Melvin, assistant
chief of the Bureau of Animal Indus
try at Washington. D. C, who has been
Inquiring into the situation aiil has
recommended to his department s,n
amended rule to permit cattle to be
moved over the quarantine line.
A. circumstance which is regarded as
of great iirsportance ,in the present cri
eis is the difficulty of find tig a locality
affording adequate feed for the cattle.
Northern California is said to be over
stocked at present, as also ar* Oregon
and Kevada. Arizona is considered the
best outlet, but it 'id laared the author
ities Jiiere *vM not permit the catVie
to enter the territory. In 1S98, when
4here was a drouth In the Bouth, the
Arisona authorities would not allow
the cattle to be moved across the bor
der, declaring that Arizona was free
irom Texas fever and it could not af
ford to run the risk of having the in
fection brought in.
Governor Pardee will at once com
municate with the Arizona authorities
with the view to securing their consent
to receive the cattle if the Department
of Agriculture will peyjnit them to
move. It Is thought that Arizona of
fers the only place for 3 thertl, as they
are growing too weak to to
States farther distant.
Fire Destroys Coffee and Spices.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 2.— Fire of
unknown origin, which started' In the
basement of the store of George. H.
Stoll & Co.. importers and tyhotesale
dealers in te.i», coffees and spices, 247
South Los Angeles street, this after
noon, caused several thousand dollars'
damage before it "could be extin
guished.
Drops liattcry Charge.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— The charge of
battery preferred by two pickets of
the union bakers against Ernest Wix
son son of former Councilman Wix
son' was dismissed to-day by police
judse Samuels because of lack of
prosecution. Both the former Coun
cilman and his son were arrested on
the same charge, but neither was
prosecuted. \ "
Mayor Susrscsts Change of Name.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2.— Mayor Olney
has suggested In a letter to the City
Council that the name of Telegraph
avenue be changed to University ave
nue. ' " The' communication we o a re
ferred to the committee of the whole.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1901.
STEAMSHIP KOREA CARRIES
MANY TONS OF MERCHANDISE
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner Departs for the Orient
Laden to Her Full Capacity With Freight and
Takins: Biff Crowd of Passengers in Her Cabins
The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
Korea sailed yesterday for the Orient
with more than 8000 tons of cargo and
a large number of passengers. The
v^harf was crowded with people, inter
ested in the liner's departure and in
the crush the pocket-picking fraternity
found at least one golden opportunity,
by which they acquired $200. The vic
tim was G. F. Foye, a passenger
bound for Hongkong. He claims to have
had ten double eagles taken from his
pocket.
"There's nothing in it," said Captain
Anderson when asked about the re
ported theft. .
"Not now," said Foye, who overheard
the captain's remark and was slowly
climbing the gangplank, making a last
sad search of his pockets.
The Korea will call at Manila and
among the passengers for that port
was Bishop Thomas F. Hendriclt, who
is going to assume charge of the dio
cese of Cebu. Accompanying Bishop
Hendrick was Joseph Dissett, his sec
retary. Bernard Faymonville of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
was another passenger. He Is going to
look over the Insurance field in the
Philippines. Horace G. Burt, who re
cently resigned the presidency of the
Union. Pacific Railroad, sailed on the
Korea, accompanied by Mrs. Burt. He
is traveling for pleasure and looks for
ward to enjoying a rest earned by
many years In the harness of an ex
acting profession.
The Korea's cargo Included 2500 tons
of flour and 700 tons of beef, the latter
part of Russia's big order. The freight
for Manila included 10<f tons of m.ess
beef for the United States army and
250,000 feet of lumber.
The Korea's passengers included the
following named:
. For Honolulu— Mrs. J. M. Alexander, S. H.
Boardman. Mrs. S. H. Boardman. E. Bonzi,
Mrs. E. Bcrizi. Miss B. Brehman. W. E.
Dyer. Charles O. Edwards, Mrs. K. A. Hadley.
Miss V. Herrlck. H. D. King, David Llewellyn.
Mrs. David Llewellyn. E. P. Low. Mrs. E. P.
Low, Charles Lycurga*. E. B. McClanahan.
Mrs. E. B. McClanahan. J. W. Mllburn, O. E.
Rockwood. Mrs. G. E. Rockwood, J. Santos.
F. C. Schernstein, Mrs. F. C. Schernstein.
Mrs. C. Seeley. Ffank SemDle. Mrs. Frank
Semple, Miss A. Semple. O. Senni. Mrs. iCj.
Senni. H. A. Strong, Miss M. E. Sturgeon, L,.
A. Thurston. H. Tupgy, Mrs. ,ii- Tuggy and
child. T. G. Vent. E. Wllder.M. T. Wilkin
son. Ctlonel W. D AVlman, W. Wolters.
Yokohama— JjQ »-- 'de Bennevllle, Robert
Blume, H. C. Butcher, Mrs. H. C. Btucher.
Miss E. P. Butcher. Miss L. P. Butcher. F.
Churchman, M. Egawa.,. Miss K. E. Green,
Mrs. F. G. Hall, C. LeJ^tid Harrison, }d*s. C.
L*las«i Harrison, Miss A. C. Hartshorn, Cap
talrvJEC. Kokubo. William Munro and sen-ant,
S. Ohki. F. T. Patterson and valet, L " Rom-
Itch, Captain A. Smallw^d. K. I'mehara.
Kobe— E. D. Cady. Mrs. E. G. Delano. Lieu
tenant H. S. Hansell. Mrs. H. S. Hans*u.
Rev. R. A. Mitchell. Mr?. R. A. Mitchell and
child.rWrs. M. S. Porter. Mies L. Stuart, Dr.
E. D.~M. Stryker, Mrs. E. D. M. Stryker. .-.
Na#rasak*\-E. A. Elliot, Mrs. E. A. Elliot.
Rev. Brownell Gage. Mrs. Brownell Gase, H.
Maitland, Miss H. Monger, Mrs. R. H. Parker
and child. Mrs. C. Zilz, Miss O. L. Zilz. Mas
ter R. Zilz.
Manila— F. W. Atibott, Miss AI. B. Alexan
der. R. L. Barren. L. E. Bement, W. R.
Brinckerhoft, Arthur Conn, Miss P. Conn. Miss
Lillian Conn. Miss C. Cleland, L. W. Cufetow,
Joseph Dlwett. Mrs. A. M. Glenn, S. A.
Gremwell, Bishop T. A. Hendrick, T. Ilaya,
W. L. Johnson. W t H. Lackey, R. T. Laffln.
Mirs Mary Lyman, G. R. Lynde. W. A. Mil
let. C. S. Moody. E. Hurray. May Robinson,
C. J. Salll, J. T. Schang, E. E. Tyzzer. C. W.
Vogel and Infant. IJ. E. Westcott. C. P. Wil
liams.
■ Hongkong — T. E. Adams, E. S. Bensorr Mrs.
E. 6. Benson, Mrs. E. Beresford, iiaroH
Bolce. Horace G. Burt, Mrs. Horace ~\ Bui U
T. A. Crellin, A. I. Crotl, C. H. Deere, Mrs.
P. Dinsmore. Mrs. Gray Donald, P. E. Dud
ley, Mrs. P. E. Duif'ey. Bernard Fav
monvllle. Miss JL..aira **lorlne. G. F.
Foye. Mrs. E. Foye-Snortledge, Nate
Frankel. G. D. Gregory, Mrs. G. D. Gregory.
Miss G. Mammon. J. R. Holman, F. A. Holla
bauph. Miss L. Hornung. V. W. Jackson, Mrs.
A. V»\ Jackson. Mies O. B. Jackson. C. P. F.
KellOFT. E. B. Klmbalf. Mrs. E. B. Klmball.
Mrs. yi. Krusi. Robert Kr -?sl. Eben Lane, Mrs.
Eben Lane, Mies F. G. Lane. Henry Linn, H.
8. Locksmith, Mrs. H. S. Locksmith. J. O.
Loverldge. E. A. Magie, C. L. Mitchell. W. R.
Moffltt. A. W. Perry. G. Vineln, Mrs. G. Pon
cin. H. D. Relnken, Mrs. H. D. Re'iken. Mm.
C. Richards, Dr. R. SehlfTmann, P. Shuttle
worth, J. N. Sutton. C. A. Stewart, J. M. Tay
lor. Charles V. ""homas. R. W. Tlrrlll.-Mrs.
R. W. Tirrlll. L. ft. Tuttle. Mrs. L. R. Tuttle.
H. 'VV. Wlckham. C. W. Tale.
Join at Honolulu— J. B. Glinilant Jr., L. S.
Gillette. T?. Gorham. G. M. Hecksher, M. B.
Koon, R. E. Maynard, Charles Morgan, Mrs.
Charles Morgan and maid, II. P. Olcott, J. S.
Plllsbury. Miss M. Stewart. W. M. Von Pur
tau. >
Imitates Man Overboard.
Dr. Frlcdrlch W. F. Riehl of Alameda yes
terday morning gave the cadet crew of the
German training ship Herzogin Cecllle an ex
hibition of Ewlmmlng In the waters of the
bay. Fully clothed the chill-proof medico
leaped into tl-.e brine from the end of Howard
street wharf, and. after giving an Imitation of
a drowning man. rolled skilfully on . his
back and calmly disrobed. Stripped to swim
ming tights he gave a few specimens of
ewlmmlng strokes as he learned them In the
Fatherland, and then signaled to Captain Diet
rich of the Herzogin Ceclllo that a rescue
would be acceptable. A boat was lowered and
Dr. Riehl was picked up. blue wltll cold, but
glowing with the satisfaction that he had
taught the sailor students how a wfll-reinjlated
"man overboard" should conduct himself.
Conies to Port Leaking.
The schooner Louis. Captain Meyer, which
arrived yesterdp.y, eight days from Willapa
Harbor, was fortunate in being loaded with
lumber, for. In aplte of the buoyant nature of
her freight, she was leaking at the rate of
four Inches on hour when she reached port.
She struck the Willapa Harbor bar January.
25. when being towed to sea. and In striking
damaged her bottom. When she cleared the
bar water poured In through her seams at the
rate of ten Inches an hrftir. Pumps were
manned, and as the planks swelled the opened
s<>ama partly closed. The. Louis brought 800.
000 feet of lumber and 550.000 laths. As
soon as her cargo has been discharged she will
be dry (Socked for Inspection and repairs.
St. Mlrrcn Rate Advances.
rate of reinsurance on the British ship
St. Mlrren Is Eteadilj* advancing.. The over
due v»ssei is now quoted at 30 per cent and
«v»ry day she remains out reduces th« pros
pect of her ever reaching port. She left
Newcastle. Australia. 113 days ago. Her
cargo Is coal and of a kind peculiarly liable
to spontaneous combustion. It was coal from
the Fame mine that caused the destruction by
fir* of the Fnnnie Kerr and the Franklstan.
and underwriters are bcglnnlg to fear that
a similar fate may have overtaken the St.
Mirrcn. The Martaban is quoted at 00 per
cent and the Robert Rickmers at 15.
Kcdondo Loses Propeller Blades.
' The steamT Rwlondo. which loft here Jan
uary 31 for Eureka, lost all the blades of her
propeller Kebruary 1 at the Humboldt port by
striking a log. ■ The vessel will load lumber
and be towed to this port, where a new pro
pcllec Is belnsr made for her.
Record Trip to Australia.
The German ship Optimo arrived at New
ei«tl«. Australia. January 10. having made the
passage trom this port in thirty-seven days,
the shortest time on record for a sailing
vessel. . , -{.■ '■■•■"•
Brig Galilee Breaks Record.
The brig Galilee, which left here December
27 arrived January ,U at Washington Island
of the Marshall Group. . This U the quickest
pasFag* on record. The Galilee wa» within 135
miles of her destination thirteen days after
leaving this port. The wind then failed her
and she drifted the rest of the way. taking
two days to make the remaining 135 miles.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The c Britlsh bark Loch Trool Is chartered
for lumber from this port to Fremantle, Aus
tralia, at £1150.
The rate of the schooner Alpena for Sydney
should be 28s Cd and not as previously re
ported.
Exports for. the North.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Sun
day for Victoria with an assorted^merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports valued
at $10,013 and including the following: 524
pkgs fresh fruits. 03 pkgs fresh vegetables,
14.500 lbs flrled fruit, 3700 lbs 1 cs raisins,
375 bxs paste. 4 c s brandy. 806 lbs beans.
16.000 lbs apple peelings, 2 cs cheese 3200 bs
butter, CISC lbs Rlucose, 125 cs egg3. 40,000 lbs
sugar ."> cs canned goods-, 0 pkgs " groceries
and provisions, 70 gals 17 cs wine. 597 lbs
coffee 1125 lbs meals. 9&S lbs chocolate. 15
cb paper, 4 pkgs drugs. 3 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 15 cyls gas, 10 bdls laths, 50 cs meters,
C cs arms and ammunition, 130 tins matches.
3 cyls ammonia, 12 pkgs iron, 1 pkg machinery.
3000 ft hardwood. 4 cs dry goods.
Thc Korea's Cargo.
The steamer Korea sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu, Yokohama and Manila
With a general merchandise cargo valued at
$371,905. to be distributed as follows: For
Japan, $101,002; China, $213,127; Manila, $42,
305; East Indies, $0393; Korea, $2S08: Slam.
$12S0; Vladivostok, $120; Honolulu. $600. The
leading experts were as follows:
To Japan— 1175 bbls flour, 025 gals wine, 4
pkgs fresh fruits, 100 bales cotton, 7203 lbs
sugar 12.491 gals alcohol. 340 cs canned goods,
1150 ibs meals. 1175 lbs dried fruit, «7 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 52 cs whisky, 2240
lbs ham and bacon. 1625 lbs ralslni. 2 bbls
salad oil, 652 lbs cheese, 1003 lbs butter, 2S6
lbs bread 201.500 lbs salt, 12 cs salmon, 10
bbls bear.' 103 pkgs table preparations. 340.404
lbp nitrate of soda, 609 bales 3 cs leather,
4*8,000 lbs pig lead, 100. flasks quicksilver, 12
bales hose. 2S pkgs bicycles and sundries, 264.
070 lbs tanbark. 00 bbls tanning extract, 50
cs asphaltum, 5 pkgs paper, 7 pkgs electrical
supplies. 32.000 ft lumber. 10 pkgs drugs, 4
pkgs dry goods, 29 pkgs machinery. 3327 lba
cascara bark 100 rolls felt, 39 crts roofing.
To China— 19,825 bbls flour. 1200 gals wine.
42 pkgs fresh fAiit, 3293 lbs ginseng. 3250 lbs
codfish. 6277 lbs cheese. 39.967 lbs beans, 625
lbs raisins. 855 lb s dried fruit. 335 cs canned
goods 2412 lbs hams and bacon, 1270 lbs 16
pkgj meals 1300 lbs peas, » pkgs groceries and
provisions 720.0C0 lbs pickled beef (valued at
$44,49«). 16,000 lbs pearl barley, 210 cs canned
salmon, 292.432 lbs shrimp shells, 9057 lbs
dried shrimps. 1000 flasks quicksilver, 3653
Ibg tobacco 2 cb arms and ammunition, ?3
pkgs salt fish. 7 cs boots and shoes. 100 bxs
soap, 1448 lbs ivory. 6 bales duck, 3 pkgs
dry goods. • ' «
■ To Manila— 378 gals 20 cs wine, 1233 c«
canned goods, 142 pkgs beer, 585 gals 100 cs
whisky. 54 cs fruit extracts", 40 cs honey. 60
bxs fresh fruits, 1270 lbs cocoa. 23,404 lbs
beans. -7200 lbs bread, 4025 lbs dried fruit.
5400 lW lard 12 pkgs table preparations, 5
cs smoked meat, 41££> crts potatoes, 7 cs syrup,
51 cs liquors 49, gsis brandy. 2 cs gin, 25 cs
baking powder. 6 pkgs drugs. 8400 lbs meats.
1237 lbs 'spices, 27 pkgs vehicles, 16 pkgs
**cotrical supplies, S3,cs typewriters and sun-
Srles, 15 kegs spikes; 87 pkgs machinery. 25
cs paints 21 cs boots and shoes, 19*//00 ft
lumber. 50 (& oil. 45 pkgs pipe and fltltngs,
40«> kegs white lead, 4 bales ho«e; 3 cs cart
ridges, 1200 lbs stareli.
To East Indies- **12 cs" canned «almon, 950
lbs pepper, 403 cs janned goods. 3 pkgs fresh
fruits 1 cs drugs, 20 cs meals, 20,296 lbs
hops. 1510 lbs dried fruit, 318 lbs smoked
meat. 10 pkgs groceries and provisions, 434
gals 'wine, 13 pkgs machinery.
To Korea — 52 bbls Hour. 212 cs canned goods,
23 ptffes table preparations. 60 pkgs groceries
and provisions. ISO lbs cheese, 1S2 lbs ham,
1620 lbs lard. 255 lbs dried fruit, ,"*> cs salmon,
4 cs drugs, * cs dry goods, 2 colls wire, 1
pkg machinery.
•To Slam— U34S gals oil and 1 cs bicycle
tires.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Arctic. HurfcbolCit Feb. 3
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. Feb. 3
Marlposa...... Tahiti Feb. 3
G. Lindaucr. .. Grays Harbor .....Feb. '4
City Para New York via Panama. |Feb. 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria Feb. 4
Point Arena.-: Mendocino & Pt. Arena|Feb. 4
f?.nta Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 4
iii< hulls lilrays Harbor |Feb. 4
Coronu Humboldt '. IFeb. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor |Feb. 3
Coronado Grays Harbor (Feb. 6
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 6
Arcata Coos Hay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 6
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 6
Pupet Sound Ports Feb. 6
tianta Cruz.... Nfwp*-t A Way Ports. Feb. 0
Centennial PeattieA tacoma Feb. 7
Texan x . New York via Coronet, .Feb. 7
Sequoia .Grays Harbor .IFeb. 7
Tltanla Nanaimo Feb. 7
Centralla Grays Harbor Feb. 8
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 8
Pomona...... . Humboldt IFeb. 8
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. .[Feb. 9
North Fork Humboldt IFeb. 9
S. Ilnrbara.... Seattle & Olympla [Feb. U
G. W Elder. . . Portland & Astoria IFeb. 9
Mera Seattle ..' ." |Feb. 9
San Jose. .ii. . New York via Panama. IFeb. 10
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.. Feb. 10
City Puebla... Puget Sound <?orts.... Feb. 11
Nevadan 'Honolulu & "Kuhulul... Feb. 11
TO SAIL..
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
February 3. 1 A
Empire Coos Bay^ direct.. 4 pm Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
laqua Hurrboldt 9 am Pier 2
1'ebrnary 4.
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 10 am Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion «5 pm Pier 2
State Cal San 'Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic Hur^*?oldt 1) am Pier £
je'ebruary 5.
Coos Eay.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla...-. Puget' Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chlco W Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
,- Petoruary 6.
CoronilJo r,os Angeles Ports, lrt am Pl?r 10
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... pt. Arena & Mdcno ,'. -pm Pier 2
Alliance .-Eureka & Coos Bay 'i pm Pier 16
Samoa Log Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
I February 7.
S. Rosa Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Corona ' Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier •!>
Curacno 'Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
Oregon [Astoria & Portland 11 am'Pfer 24
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPler 20
February 8. |
Newbnrg Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Arcata .Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 12 m Pier 1.1
Centralla Los Ansceles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
February 9. , .
S.Cruz Newport & Way... 9 amlPler 11
February 10.
Gaelic .China & Japan 1 pmfPler 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pl?r 9
Sequoia Grays Harbor. .'.... 4 pm'l'ler 2
February 11. j
Centennial.. Scuttle & Tacoma. 10 amlPler 2
Marlposa Tahiti direct. ..... 11 am Pier 7
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pmlPier T
February IS. |
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPler 21
M»ra Hamburg 1 & Way. I 2 pmlPier 10
February 13. I
City Pnra... N. Y. via Panama. {12 m Pier 40
' FROM SEATTLE. ,3
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin ..I Skairway & Way Ports. Feb. 4
J. Dollar..**. ... Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb. K
Al • Kl Skaprway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Valencia Ska&way & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 10
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 16
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic/ Survey — '
Time and Height ofillgh and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco'
Ray. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
N0TI>— The high and low waters, occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.; -
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 3.
Sun rises , ' 7:13
Sun seta •• •••••...i...........5:3.f
Moon rises '.8:16 p. m.
O ITlme Tlmel ITImel Time ~"
£ f j Ft. 1 Ft. I f Ft. Ft.,
• H W L W| , . |H W| i.- L W
"3 Tioi 5.3 0:10 2.0|12:2S| 5.7 6:51—0.3
4 1:45 5.4 7:13 1.811:23 5.2 7:40 0 2
5 2:27 5.fl 8:17 1.7 2:27 4.8 8:2H 0.0
6 3:08 5.5 0:20 1.6 3:34 4.4 fl:l2 15
7' .1:58 5.5 10:27 1.4 4:4fi '3.9 10:0ft 2*1
S 4:50| 5.5111:37 1.2 6:12 3.8ill:03 .2.5
' NOTE — In the above exposition of the' tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order" of occurrence as td time; the
fourth t imf ; column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are 1 in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sijen precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, -Cal.,
February 2. 1004.
The ■ Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
[ Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
•* ARRIVED.
Tuesday, February 2.
Stmr Porno, Wlnkel, 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Pomona, Ewansen, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 42^ hours from
Bandon-
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 12 hours from
Point Arena, bound to Port Loe Angeles, put
In to land passengers.
Stmr Montara. Keilly, 85 hours from Lady
smith, f ♦
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Whittler, i Macdonald, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Chico, Martin, 48 hours from Bandon.
Stmr Pasadena, Dlxon, 28 hours from Eu
reka. -
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 3# houre from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Louis, Meyer, • 8 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Schr Laura Madsen, Cook, 6 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Spokane. Jamleson, IV, days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 5 days from
Rocue River.
Schr Advent. Olsen, 5 days from Coos Bay.
Sehr Onward, Thomas, 5 days from Coqullle
Riv«r.
8chr Ivy, Jensen. 5 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 2.
Fr bark Vendee, Berldon, Noumea, New Cal
edonia. F. Henry.
Br bark Invercauld. Jackson, Newcastle, N.
S. W., Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Stmr Korea, Seabury. Hongkong, Yoko
hama and Honolulu. P. M. S.' S. Co.
''' SAILED.
Monday, ,rFebruary 1.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen.^ort Bragg.
• Tuesdi?*', February 2.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Korea, Seabury. Hongkong, etc.
Stm* George W. Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Maggie. Hughes, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Eureka.
Stmr Dispatch, Levinson, Aetoria.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelnnd. Santa Cruz.
Staijr Scotia, Bowens Landing.
Fr berk JeatWi-'L^' Gal, Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb. 2. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
CORRECTION.
Sailing of stmr TV. H. Kruger yesterday was
an error.
- . SPOKEN. . v
D<»c 11, 21 south, long 37 west, Ger bark
Henriette, from Hamburg, for Santa RosalU.
u\n 7. lat 50 north, long 7 west. Fr barl °
Mli-le Mollnos, froci Swansea, for San Fran
cisco. I
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Louis— Jon. ' 25. while towing out
to sea struck on Willapa Harbor bar, causing
vessel to leak at rate of 10 Inches per hour.
On arrival vessel was leaking 4 inches per
hour. ■ •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Br ship Falls of Halladale, from Liverpool
for San Francisco, previously reported at New
' Zpaland. was short of provisions and water.
and had also lost main royal and t . gallant
masts. . - . .. .. . ~
Stmr Redondo.i firom San Francisco, at Eu
reka Feb 1 struck log alongside wharf. break-
Ing off blades of propeller. Vessel will load
cargo of lumber and be towed to San Fran
cisco. . .'
TACOMA. Feb. 1 — The steamer Edith, while
docking here to-night, ran into tho wharf, tear- I
Ing away about thirty feet and butting two i
holes in her bow above the water line on
either side. Vessel has gone to Quartermaster
Harbor for repairs.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Excelsior,
for .Valdes.
Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Robert Dollar, hence
Jan 28.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Feb 2— Stmr
Alcazar, for San •'rancisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 2— Schr Luzon, from
San Pedro.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr News
boy, for S«n Frar^inco.
PORT TOWNfeiJND— Passed in Feb 2—
Bark General Falrchlld. from Honolulu.
TATOOSH— PasuJd in Feb 2— Stmr San Ma
teo, hence Jan 30, for Tacoma.
Passed in Feb 2— Stmr City of Puebla. hence
Jan 31. for Victoria.
Pa58ecl in Feb 2 — Br stmr Wyefleld, hence
Jan 30. for Nanaimo; schr Susie M. Plummer,
from Sun Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Marsh
fleld, from Hardy Creek.
To sail Feb 3 — Stmr Nebraskan, for New
York.
COOS BAY — Sailed Feb 2 — Stmr Czarina, for
San Franci«co.
Sailed Feb 2 — Stmr Aberdeen, for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Feb 2— Br
stmr Atholl, hence Jan 29. for Seattle.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Corona,
hence Feb J: \
Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr San Gabriel, for San Pedro.
. Arrived Feb 2 — Schr Ida McKay, her.ee Jan
20.
Launched Feb 2 — Stmr F. A. Kilburn.
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 2— Five miles
west, bark bound to San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 2— Bktn Tarn
O'Shanter, hence Jan 15.
Arrived Feb 2 — Bktn Tarn O'Shanter, hence
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 2— Bktn T. P. Emigh. \
for Honolulu. I
Arrived Feb 2 — Bktn Gleamer, hence Jan 19. I
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Feb 1.
REDONDO— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Dlejro; schr Esther Buhne. for Coos
Bay. schr Emma Claudina. for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Alca
traz, from Greenwood.
Sailed Feb 2 — Schr Mabel Gray, for Eureka.
CASPAR— Sailed Feb 2 — Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco. :
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 1— Schr
Dauntless, from Pan Pedro; Feb 2— Schr Es- !
pada. from San Pedro; stmr Santa Monica. :
heneo Jan 29; etmr Centralla. hpr.ee Jan SO. j
Sailed Feb 1 — Stmr G. C. Lindauer. for Fan
Francisco. Feb 2— Stmr Newburg, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 1— Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, A us.— In. port Jan II— Br
ship Ancona. for Honolulu; ship Lurzon, for
Honolulu; ship Reuce. for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 10 — Ger *hlp Optima, hence Dec
4; Ger bark Undine, from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Feb 1— Ship Reuce 1 , for San Fran
cisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 2— Ger ship
Herzogin Sophie Charlotte, from Honolulu.
PORT ' PIRIE — Arrived Jan 5 — Fr bark
Pierre Antolne. from Port Blakeley. ■
HAMBURG — Feb 1 — Br ship Durbridge has I
finished impairs and loaded for San Francisco. ;
Arrived Jan 30— Ger stmr Silesia, hence I
Sept 2. ■ . j
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb. 2— Stmr Cop- i
tic. hence Jan 15.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 2— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong.
Arrived Feb 2— Br stmr Tydeus, from Hong- \
■ WALHER. ENGLAND — Anchored Jan 29
Fr bark Empereur Mencllk, hence Oct 2.
LIZARD— Passed Jan 31— Fr bark Brizeux, i
hence SeDt 30. T
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 1— Br ship Peleus.
from Caleta Buena.
IQUIQUE — Arrived Jan 2— Br bark Plt
calrn Island, from Valparaiso, to load for San
Francisco. - ■ '
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to Feb 2 — Br
stmr Mogul, from New York, for Manila.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 30— Fr bark
I Alice, for Greenoch; Jan 31— Br ship Mllver-
I ton far Leith. -
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Jan 13— Ger stmr
Ramses, for Hamburg.
CALETA BUENA— In port Dec 31— Fr bark
Earl Derby, for Honolulu. . . . .
■ WALLEROO — Arrived prior to Feb 2— Fr
bark JoIIette. for Astoria.
i SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Feb 2 — Br ship
Afon Alaw, hence Dec 13; Fr bark Neuilly,
hence rw.t8. .
WASHINGTON . ISLAND— Arrived Jan 11—
Brig. Galilee, nonce Dec. 27.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Kroon-
r land;- from- New York.
.NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Rotter-
RIDES HORSE
INTO SALOON
Former Cavalryman Gives an
Exhibition of Frontier Life
at .San Jose and Is Arrested
SCATTERS THE PATRONS
Proprietor of Place Summons
the Police and Equestrian Is
Dragged Off to City Jail
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2.— The wild and
woolly custcm of riding Into a saloon
and drinking in the saddle was at
tempted at the liauor house of Graves
& Co., on Santa Clara street, near Mar
ket, at noon to-day by George F. Ew
ing.. Before those present knew what
was going on Ewing had his horse up
to the bar and demanded a drink. There
was a scattering of the patrons. Ew
ing was ejected by the proprietor and
bartender and the police summoned.
Ewing was arrested for being drunk
and riding upon the sidewalk.
Ewing claims to be an ex-cavalry
man from liie Presidio and «ays that
he was only giving an exhibition of
fancy riding. The display was not ap
preciated, however. - ) Ewing is not
known here. TV
Autos' for War Purposes.
BERLIN, Feb. 2.— The "War Depart
ment has ber;m a series of maneuvers
in the Hartz" Mountains to test auto
mobiles and motor bicycles over the icy
mountain roads.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. February 2.
Stmr • Newsboy Adler 19 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johneoc^S days from
Columbia River.
Schr Fan»,te Adele. Felcher. 8 days from
Grays Harder. •
Schr Viking. Estvold. 6 days from Assyria.
• Schr IJyby,' Kortz. '5 days from Coquille
River. . Q
Nor bark Rokeby Hall. Torgesen. 12 days
from Whatcom. bound to pelagoa. Bay. put
in in distress. V
» Bark S. C. Allen, Johnson. « days from
Port Blakeley.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Newsboy, off Point Reyes. Febru
ary 2 — Four- masted barken tine.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Nor bark Rokeby Hall — Jan 24. off
Cape Flattery. In a heavy NW squall, carried
away foresail and fore upper topsail and
started leaking at the rate of 5 feet an hour
Kept the men at the pumps day and night.
Vessel arrived with 18 inches of water In hold
and a heavv list to port.
" DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb ° Z — Stmr Farallon.
from Skagway.
ABERDEEN— A"ived Feb 2— Schr fcdpada,
from San "a?dro; "itmr Centralla. hence Jan
30; stmr Santa Monica, henct," Jan 29.
Sailed ISjrb 2 — Stmr Newburg. for San
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr
', Melville • Dollar, from Seattle. .
FOREIGr? PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr City o of
Puebla. hence Jan -31.
J Sailed Feb 2 — Sfc-ar Moana, for Sydney, via
{Honolulu. ■ - _ . -''...-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fourteen.
Cal-st C 5s.li! — Pac G Im 4s. — OS*
C C Wat 5s. — 104 P E Ry 6s.lO5 —
Ed L & P 6s.l25 131 P & C H 6S.103 —
F & C H 6s. — 120 P & O R 6s.ll.fl —
Geary-st 5s.. 45^ 90 Powell-at 6s.U2% —
11 C&S 5VjS.1O4 — SE G&R 5s. — 100%
Do 5s esftlOO SF & SJV5s.llS%118Vj
Hon R T Bs.106 — Sierra R 6«. — 112%
1. A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s ° .
L A Ry 5s. — lie (19Cfl? 1C5^ —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 106% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s °
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (1905)Sr A. 1 04 —
LAP lem 5s.lO2% — (1905)Sr B.iO5 106
Mkt-st C Cs.116% — (190«) 106U —
Do lem 5s.ll5 — "» «1912) — 119
NRR of C6S.1M — SPS1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s 113 — Do stmpd. — 110
N P C R 5s. — 105% S P B R 6s.l33H —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 S V W 6s.lO6%107%
N C P C 5s. 99 100 Do 4s 2dm. 08% —
N S R R 5s. P9% — Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G L H 5S.10S — Stkn G&E 6a — 102
O W gtd 69. - 99 U G & E 5s. — —
S3 WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 41 |Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co... — 65 IS V W ca 3SH 39
© 0AS AND ELECTRIC. /j?
Cent L & P. 3% — IS F G & E. 57% —
Mutual E L. 11 12'4 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co. .. 67 58 U G & E.. — 33
Sac E G &R — o — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES,- i
S F G & E. — — I -:- ■',/.': I
INSURANCE. ■
Flrem's Fnd — 330 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NO Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 92 Mer Trust... — 250
Ban kof Cal. — 445 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 149 S F Natlonl. — — li
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 10O — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.620 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%205 [Presidio — 42%
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61 I Vlgorlt 3% —
. SUGAR.
liana P Co. — — Ktlauea S C. — - B ~
Hawaiian C. 44tf — Makawell C. — 22
Ilnnokaa S C 12 12% Onomea S C 22% 3i» «l
Hutch S P C 8Vi 3% Paauhau S C 12% 14
, MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139%140 lOceanlc S C. 4 .5
Cal F C A. 9ft 07%|Fac Aux FA 5 5%
Cal Wine A. 94 g93 iPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board — ' " . * '
15 California Wine Association... 94 75
2S0 S F Ga3 & Electric 58 00
45 Spring Valley Water Co 08-75
85 Spring Valley Water Co. a 90. 3S 75
$4,000 Bay Counties Power Co Ds 102 23
$11,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) . 109 75
Street—
CO California Safe Deposit... 147 50
$3.C0O Spring Val 4s (3d mrge) SO 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 Giant Powder. Con.. 6100
20 Giant Powder Con eo 87%
25 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 44 50
45 Hutchinson S P Co.- 8 12^
15 Hutchinson S P Co 8 25 "
10 Pacific Lighting- Cq 57 00
10 S F Gas & Electric 67 50
10 S F Gas Sz Electric, a 3 57 50
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 99 23
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 5 140 00
$15.CC0 S P of Arizona (1909) 105 50
California Stock andOUExchange
Oil Stock- Bid. Asked.
Alma .... ....
Apollo 45 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 ....
Aztec 82%
California Standard 12
Caribou * 1 CO 2 00
Central Point Con 68 ....
Chicago Crude ....
Claremont / 50 ....
Esperanza .... ....
Four 70
Fulton 4 CO
Giant .... 25
Hanford *. 112 00
Home 1 12% 1 15
Imperial ....
dam, -for Rotterdam: stmr Augusts Victoria,
for Genoa; stmr Nord America, for Naples.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Prln
zess Irene, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa, and Droceeded.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Mlni>»
tonka. from M«-w York.
LAW SHUTS OUT
PHILIPPINE DOG
Officials at Washington Kale
Against Admission of 3Iiss
"Winifred MearsV Pet Canine
STRATTON IS SUSTAINED
Death by Chloroform or Ban
ishment to the Islands Now
Awaits the Detained Animal
Special Dispatch to This Call
SACRAMENTO. -Feb. 2.— Death by
chloroform or banishment to the Phil
ippines awaits the pet dog of Miss
"Winifred Mears. the daughter of an
army officer, who reached San Fran
cisco Bay a couple of months ago from
the islands, accompanied by her canine
pet. Miss Mears was allowed to come
ashore, but under the regulations her
dog was shut out. Miss ' Mears ap
pealed to Collector of the Port Strat
ton. but that official could offer her no
relief; -the dog must either dJe or go
back to the Philippines. It was agreed
that the animal should be allowed to
remain safely in quarantine until Miss
Mears should exhaust her resources to
regain her pet. P^e appealed to Gov
ernor Pardee to intercede with the Sec
retary of the Department of Agricul
ture it Washington for a suspension of
the Ydles against the admission of ani
mals from the islands. Just to give her
back ber dog. Governor Pardee good
naturedly complied, arr* has received
an answer irom the uepartment at
Wasb'nprton saying that the action of
the Collector of the Po»c in shutting
put Miss Mears' pt.1 uog must be sus
tained. There' is nothing for the dog to
do now except \o~ r»turn to • his old
haunts in the Philippines or permit an
end to be made of all his troubles by
means of chloioform. " -
Independence 13 -."; J9
Junction ....V -. .' ■.:..'
Kern v +50 3*0
Kern River 13 U>
Lion '• - ....
Monarch- -'of Arizona) 37 33-
Monte Cristo 1 75 . •• . .„-. .
Occidental of «v-'Va '•■»...
Oil C7;y Petroleum, XI ' 35
Peerless *>..-.. It 30 " '...;
Plttsburg ....■.....'' .>.. ....
Reed C/ude ..' 4 30 .>.. .
S F A McKittrlck ' .. ...:...
Sin Jiv. |Uin O & D ....
Senator .50 .
Sovereign tl.... 3JV . ■' ....■
Sterling .2 43- 2 «0
Superior -. ■. • C3 > : Cft
THrty-thre* ...-.....' 6 00 7 0O
Iv.tec W 20
Twenty-eifcht s . ■'. 4 50
West -Shore 2 0O
Miscellaneous^ —
Aohv Land & Imp » . 130 1 ....
Ala.'.ieda Sugar ... .i .....*.? '':... ...»
American. Blscull' ».. *i. «•,_'■
American District T«l ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp :A. ....
Callforn it Cotton Mills .jl. v ....
California Jockey Cl'ib .
California Shipping <So~....g .... ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust. 1 . ....
Centra'. Bank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company^..*. • .
Cyprear. Lawn Imp Co ....
Fischer' * Theater •-••
Gas Consumers' Assn "•••• - -.-« ■
Honolulu Sugar -*-•
Northern Cal Power $50 9 50
North Shore Railroad.
Orpheum Company M '. . ■ r ....
Pacific State* Tel & Tel ....
P-«nifflrr PaKit t\--. 37 50 ....
tin Francisco Dry Doi'k ....
Sanitary Reduction "Work* . . ' 1 SO ....
Sausalito Land & Ferry • ....
Sr^rry Flour Company^ ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Company . ....
Truckee Electric '.. ....
Union Sugar .-.' ....
United Gas & Electric ...» .
SALES.
Morning Session.
_ Beard— , ' i
1 HanfTfd • lil 00
Afternoon Session.
■ Board —
60O* Associated 19
10O Associated r 20
1200 Oil City Petroletim 33
Street — ,a •
F/W Clar e mont 30
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO K S'TT>CK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales or th.- San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 2DI ICO Ophir 3 75
500 Belcher 33' 900 Ophir 3 SO
100 Best & Belch.2 00, 200 Savage : Bt
50O Caledonia ...1 13i COO Sierra N«v .. 64
100 Con C & Va.l «s: 50O Silver Hill .. 7»
160 Gould * Cur. 331 2<H> Un'in Con .. 85
200 Mexican 1 63i 2<H> Union Con ;.'. 84
300 Mexican 170 200 Utah ."., 23
200 Overman 361
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 40 40O Gould A Cur. 35
100 Best & Belch.2 25 SCO Justice C9
ICO Caledonia ...1 13 20O Mexican t «3
100 Challenge Con 2> 10O Ophir 3 00
100 Chollar 23 MX) Savage 4S
300 Con C A Va.l Ki 100 Savage 43
400 Crown Point. 30 400 Uni^n Con .. S3
1C0 Crown Point. 31 200 Yellow Jacket 4S
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales 6a the Pa«iflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con ... V> 400 Mexican .....1 «3
100 Andes W 300 Mexican ..167^
3C0 Belcher 36 1C0 Mexican 170
HO Belcher «> 1W) Ophir 3 TO
200 Caledonia ...1 10 100 Ophir 3 73
20O Calpdonia ...120 MX) Overman 33
200 Caledonia ...1 13 2<X> Overman 37
300 Chollar ?■"■[ 2CO Overman 38
20O Con C & Va.l «3 ' 10O Potosl ... 23
UtiflO Con Imperial. 03 1 no Savage 51
600 Gould A Cur. 83 000 Beg Belcher... .12
100 Gould & Cur. 34 4C0 Sierra Nev .-. 65
10O Hale & Norc. 73 1C0 Slerrj* Nev .. C4
Afternoon Session."
100 Andes KM 100 Mexican 163
100 Belcher .. 38 1 3flO Overman 3»
100 Caledonia ...120 10O Overman 3S
100 Caledonia^ .1 17«4| 100 Savage 4!>
20O Caledonia „. ..1 13| SCO Union Con i. S4
200 Challenge Ion 30, 100 Utah 2S
200 Gould & Cur. 35 400 Yellow Jacket 30
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following; were th<» sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
.•"O Evelyn 23|lor.O MacNamara . 14
K.iO MaeNamara . 12 1 SCO Paymaster ... 12.
10C0 MacNamara . 131 400 Ton Midway. 40
Afternoon Session.
3IM) Evelyn 23! 100 Ton Midway.** 40
BOO MacNamara ■ 14'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I BM Ask.
Ainh* .. 07 00' Justice' 09 10
a ?* "".... <» 10 Kentuck 04 ; W
Andes""'.'.- • 2S 29 Keyes Oraes. — 1 75
STJchV. .... 37 S» Lady Wash.. — 07
B»«t t Bilch.2 •TS'S :o Mexican 1 «V1 70
Caledonia" ...I « 1 20 Ophir 3 8O 3 !«
Chall°n« Con 2S X0 Overman .... 38 3t>
rSnllar • 2 s 21 Potosl 22 Zt
Confidence "...1 .£5 1 15 Savage 47 43
r«n r & Va . t TO 1 »>3 Scorpion ..... 03 04
cln Imperial. OTl 04 H*g Belcher.. 10 12
r£H V T 05 <V* Sierra Nev ..63 «U
r? ow 'n Point. 28 rO Silver Hill ..67 70
j£s7 Sierra N 03 OK Si Lou£ .... — 2O
EurJka Con.. — W Syr.dicaU ... 04 OK
Fxchequer ... !*• 17 Union Con .. S3 JU
oSSld ft Cur. M S3 Utah ........ 24 2fl
Hale * Norc- 73 77 Yellow Jacket i0 50
julUi" OS C<J
TONOPAH MINES.
BVl.Ask.j Bid. As*.
Colehan .... — 19JRe«:n* 04 03
Esperanza ... — <3iTon Delmont. e6 60
Glp?y Qu*en. — 30, Ton Xc Cal... — 24
Gold Anchor. 13 — jTon Exten .. 70 —
Gold M Con. Cl 05: Ton Fraction. — 43
Hannapah Mu ~ 23|Ton & G W.. — 10
MacNamara . 13 13. Ton of Npv. . .3.73 7 On
Mlrpah Ex .. — 25 Ton N Star.. ?.t r.T>
Mont Ton .1 33 1 37>-iTon Midway. 3!> 40
N Y Ton .... — C3,Ton Sup-rtor. — 1ft
Paymaster ... 12 1 1 United Ton »• ■:—"'.> 13
Bay Exten .. — S3 1
1516
MASK CONCEALS
ROBBER'S FACE
FiKrtpad Let els a Bevolvcr at
■James Corcoran, Bartender,
••and- Empties Cash Bcgister
6 « " *• ■ i ' i W .
ACCOMPLICE OX LOOKOUT
Cximinals Ate Seen by Citi
*z€.n and. Heard Discussing the
, Division of Stolen Money
• Two .daring foctpads have revived
the. pastime of robbing saloons, ac
x-ording to the story told by James
jCorcoran, night" bartender in Thomas
saloon, at Efeventh and Mar
k*tstreets, to Policeman Slattery early
yesterday morning.
Corcoran informed the policeman
that about S o'clock a yeung man wear
ins a'biack mgst over 'his face came
Into the saloon". when* no customers
were present. . The man had a revolver
in hi-s right hand and, presenting it at
Corcoran, ordered him to throw up b.is
hands."
Corcoran quickly complied and the
ir.an said: "Now: go int.o the back room
and flon't make a noise on your life."
Corcoran, with Iris hands raised above
bis head, walked into the. back room
and the- robber opene'd the cash regis
ter and took' between $10 and $11.
: »w. I want you to. remain in that
room for fifteen minutes," he said to
Corcoran. "If you d^n't and raise an
outcry I will come back and kill you."
Corcoran said the' robber had an ac
complice, whQ st:ood CiUtside the saloon
on the lookout. , .. '
Strgc-ar.t Blank and Policeman Slat
tery searched the. neighborhood, but
could find no. trace of the robber and
his accomplice. -They received infor
mation from .P. J, Carr, 39 West Mis
sion street, however, that he had seen
two young men 'going down Eleventh
street toward .Mjssidn. about the time
mentioned by Corcoran- and when they
were passing close to him he heai'd
thorn talking about dividing 511.-
The description given by Carr an
swered that given. by Corcoran of the
two men who robbed- the saloon.
EUPKEJIE COURT GRANTS
WALKER A NEW TRIAL
Defendant Is Conimencing His Seventh
Year of Imprisonment in the . :
County Jail.
George Walker! who is charged with
having defrauded the American Tract
Society out of $4o 35; was granted a
rew trial b>' -the. Supreme Court yes
terday. For more than six years he
has been waiting at the Broadway
Jail io discover whether he belongs in
Folfom penitentiary, or In unrestrain
ed society. There are an indefinite
number of features and ramifications
of his case pending in. various courts.
All sorts of proceedings against him
and in his behalf "have been instituted.
The original 'caj;se of the defend
ant's difficulties .Is.: sa"id to have been
an erroneous supposition on kis part
*iat he could beat the bookmakers.
When his employers learned of his
delusion he is alleged to have been
about $4000 shorf-in'.his accounts. H«
>yas convicted on one- charge of em
bezzlement, February^, 1898,'and sen
tenced to four years, at Folsom.
Various kinds of appeals on several
features of his were taken. He
was next sentenced to serve one year
at Folsom on August 26, 1901. Then
there was a fight over a .bill of excep
tions, another over' the Judge's in
structions and another over a com
plaint. Next came : a difference over
the posting of the' court's record. JThe
new trial is granted this particular
itime because certain evidence, incom
petent out detrimental to the defend
ant, was introduced.
Walker's lawyer 'is George Collins.
Convicted of -Manslaughter.
Victor le Corvee was convicted of
manslaughter by .-a Jury in Judge
Cook's court yesterday afternoon and
will be sentenced on Saturday. He
was 1 tried SCor killing Vincent le Meur,
a shipmate on the French bark Ver
cingetorjx, on the night of January
12. The question of jurisdiction was
raised in his case, as the killing oc
'curred on board the bark, but it was
not sustained.
P0STU2I CEREAL.
DIDN'T BELIEVE
,7Tiat Coffee Was the Krai Trouble.
Some people flounder arpund and
take everything that's recommended
to them, but finally find out that cof-
fee is the real cause of their troubles.
An : Oregon man says:
twenty-five years I was
troubled with my stomach. I -was a
steady coffee ' drinker, but didn't sus-
pect that as the cause." I doctored
vith good doctors and 'got .no help,
then 1 took almost anything which
some one else had been cured with,
but to no good. I was very bad last
summer and co'alfi not work at times.
"On December 2. 1902. I was taken
bo l>ad the doctor said I could not live
over twenty-four at the mo^t
and I made all preparations to
die. I could hardly ■ eat anything,
everything distressed me and I was
■weak and sick all over. When in that
condition coffee was abandoned and I
was put on Postum, tne change Jn my
feelings came quickly after the drink
that was poisoning me was removed.
"The pain and sickness fell away
from me and I began to get well day
by day, 60 I stuck to it, until now I am
well and strong again, can eat heartily
vith no headache, heart trouble or the
awful sickness of the old coffee days.
I drink all I wish of Postum without
any harm and enjoy it immensely.
"This seems like a wonderfully
t-lrong: story, but I woald refer you
to the First National Bank, the Trust
banking Company, or any merchant
of Grants I^ss, Or., in regard to my
standing and I will send a sworn
statement of this if S'ou wish. You
can also use my name." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Stili there are many who persistent-
ly fool themselves by saying, "Coffee
don't hurt me." A ten days' trial of
Postum In its place will tell the truth
and many times save life."
"There's a reason."
Look for the little book, "The Road
to Wellville," in each package.
CHEMIST DISCOVERS BLOOD
ON LEON SOEDER'S DAGGER
Professor Thomas Price Gives Important Testimony
in the Blaise Murder Trial— Prosecuting Attorney
Closes Case for People and Defense Opens To-Day
Professor Thomas Price, an analyt
ical chemist of 526 Sacramento
street, testified before Judge CabanisB
yesterday that he discovered blood
stains on the knife found by Detective
Thomas Gibson in the room of Leon
Soeder, charged with the murder of
Joseph Blaise. Traces of blood were
found on the knife where the blade
joins the handle, and also in that por
tion of the handle that holds the
blade when the knife is closed.
When Detective Gibson searched
the room of Soeder on the day fol
lowing the murder of Blaise he found
a large, one-bladed knife of the dag
ger pattern. There were no blood
stains visible to the naked eye upon
it.' The knife was given to Professor
Price, who made a .chemical examina
tion and found that blood still ad
hered to the weapon. He did not make
a test to ascertain whether the blood
was that of a'human being, as he was
not instructed to do so by the police.
This evidence, if Professor Price - as
certains that the blood is human, will
be of the greatest value to the prose
cution.
Soeder was questioned by the police
at the time of his arrest as to where
he secured the knife and what he us*d
it for. He said he purchased the
knife in France last fall and that he
used it merely as a pocket-knife. He
was asked if he had ever cut any meat
or anything with it that might have
left traces of blood on it. Soeder re
plied that he had not.
KNIFE IS EXAMINED.
After eliciting this information
from him the police sent the knife to
Professor Price, who examined it for
traces of blood. Professor Price used
what is known as'the.Guaicum test in
his examination of the weapon for
traces of blood. He stated that had the
clothes Soeder took to the cleaner's
been washed in warm water, there
would in all probability have been
some trace of blood In the .water if
there was any on the clothes, but had
they been subjected to a' scouring in
cold water traces of blood would have
been hard to find.
Edward H. Osborne.was placed on
the stand at the opening of the hear
ing in the rnorning and completed his
testimony in regard to the insurance
policies. It did- not vary materially
from that already published.
I*. R. Parker; manager for the Hart
ford Life Insurance Company in this
city, testified that .Osborne presented
to him an application for a life insur
ance policy for $7000 on the life of
Joseph Blaise. He testified that the
Randall an Ex-Convict.
United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen has recognized Harry Randall,
now in the city prison, as an ex-con
vict and counterfeiter. Randall was
arrested by. the police last Sunday for
robbing the delicatessen shop of H.
Tietjen at 38 Sixth street. Mr. Hazen
says that Randall has served a three
years' term in the penitentiary, at Fol
som for counterfeiting. He was con
victed under the name of Ed Petersen,
alias Miller. He was the missing mem
ber of the Callan gang of "counterfeit
ers arrested by Hazen a few weeks ago
and was the one that taught Callan
the business.
Thief in Salvation Barracks.
Captain Hellesath of the Salvation
Army barracks, 2726 Mission street,
reported to the police yesterday that
a cornet valued at $10 was stolen from
the barracks on Sunday night. The
members of the army were out
marching at the time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 190*.
note for $242 34 taken from Soeder
and Blaise for the guarantee of the
payment. of the policy on its delivery
was signed by Joseph Blaise and in-
uursea oy j>eon ooeuer. ramer meii
tifled the signature, of Soeder on the
note as being identical with- that on
the letter received' by him (Parker)
on the morning'of January 11.
..LETTER IS DESTROYED.
Parker could not recall the exact
words in the letter written to him by
Soeder, -which he found under his door
on the morning of the date mentioned,
but stated that it was an inquiry re
garding the delivery of the policy. He
said he had destroyed the letter and
the defense objected to Parker's testi
mony on that matter. The Court sus
tained the objection and ruled that the
prosecution be required to show that
the letter Parker claims he received
and which was subsequently de
stroyed by him was actually written
by Soeder.
Captain Martin was next .placed on
the stand and told of his visit to the
scene of the murder and his subse
quent examination of Soeder in his of
fice. He said that Soeder told him
that Blaise had $200 in gold coin' when
they left France, which amount Blaise
had drawn from a French bank. Soe
der said he -had paid all Blaise's ex
penses and fare and that the dead man
had $90 in gold on .his person at the
time of .the murder. When Blaise left
his home ' he ! came ' to America with
Soeder with the understanding, Soeder
said, ■ that they would come \ to ' San
Francisco .and Blaise would remain in
this city, secure work and send for his
family.
Martin 'detailed several conversations
he had had with Soeder.Mn -which,' the
accused denied having a gray suit or a
pistol. Soeder told Martin that' he < did
not pay- any money on the insurance
policies, and said that Blaise paid $102
on the life insurance policy for $3000 In
the Pacific Mutual Company, $3 on the
accident policy in the same company,
and a $5 deposit on -another policy,
leaving him in ffossession of $90.
HANDWRITING IDENTICAL.
Theodore Kytka testified that the
Arraigned j for • Robbery.
Fred Raabe; Jr. ,was arraigned in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday on iwo
charges of robbery and . February 8
was set as the day -on which he shall
plead. § He- is -accused of holding up
and robbing Eugene -C. 'Cerf : at Post
and Franklin streets and Frank Heiss
ner at Octavia and Fell streets on the
same night.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam the safe.
sure and guaranteed euro. 25c. SOc. Druggists.*
Xcwcirs Will Filed for Probate.
The will of Horace Newell of the firm
of Newell Bros., who died January 28.
was filed for probate yesterday. It dis
poses of an estate worth mor« than
$10*000. The devisees are Amelia New
ell, widow of the deceased, and his two
sons. The widow, gets half of the es
tate and- the family residence at 1721
Eddy street and the sons get the other
half.
Some very swell wedding Invitations come
iiom Knowles, 24 Second street. Main 698. •
handwriting of the various letters and
documents signed by Soeder and intro
duced as evidence was identical with
the admitted handwriting of the ac
cused man.
Detective Thomas Gibson was placed
on the stand at the closing of the case
and rehearsed his conversations with
Soeder since his arrest. The testimony
developed nothing new. Gibson was
questioned in regard to the complaint
charging Soeder with murder, which he
swore to. Attorney Salomon objected,
but was overruled. Salomon also be-
PROF. THOMAS . PRICE EX
AMINING BLOOD STAINS
ON LEON SOEDER'S KNIFE.
gan to complain of 'the .manner in
which the police , treated Soeder,
but was Informed that the Court could
not assist him.
The prosecution completed its case
yesterday afternoon and this, morning
at 10 o'clock the defense will open. The
case will be submitted to-day and Soe
der will, In all probability, be . held to
answer for trlal'in the Superior Ccurt.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley
holds that .Soeder was not aware at
the time of the murder of Blaise that
the Aetna and Hartford companies had
rejected his applications for policies on
the life of his brother-in-law. This
contention established, the " prosecu
tion's theory of motive will be materi
ally strengthened.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' SALE OF PIANOS
150 New, Sample, Shop-Worn,
f Slightfy Used and Second-
; HandJPianos.
IN ORDEH TO DISPOSE OF THIS ACCU-
mulatlon of instruments quickly after the
■Holiday -Trade, necessitates lower prices and
better values than ordinarily. ,- •
All second-hand pianos have been thorough-
ly overhauled and are guaranteed by us, also
privilege given to exchange within three years
for new piano, and full purchase price applied.
Many of the new sample and shopworn
pianos are In fancy woods and will be sold at
half price.
Bareains never before offered In San Fran-
cisco. Satisfy yourself by inspection.
Below we describe a few of the bargains of-
fered, but remember there are 150 of them:
. $600 Weber, ?275 (second hand).
$550 Krell, J275 (shop worn), discontinued
agency. .,
$550 Needham, J2J5 (new), discontinued
agency. . ' - " •
$45O Needham, $250 (new), discontinued'
agency. , - -
$575 Conover, $350 (slightly used).
Hemme & Long Upright, fine condition, rose-
wood case, fl50.
Sherman, Clay & Co. Upright, $100.
Steinway Square, fine condition/ $100.
% Other Squares, $25,'. $40 and up. .
A brand-hew piano . In . burl walnut, mahog-
any or oak case, $185, with Mandolin and Zith-
er attachment, 3 strings to note, 3.pedals*and
double repeating action. This piano has been
sold in this city for as much as $350.
Easy Terms It Desired.
CLARK WISE & CO.
128 Geary street, between Grant" avenue and
Stockton.
AGENCY.
STEALS WHILE
SLEUTH GUARDS
Burglar Enters Basement of
an* Ellis -Street Residence
Unobserved by Patrolman
SECURES MUCH PLUNDER
Bluecoat Detailed to Catch
Crook, but the Latter Man
ages to Make a Big Haul
Almost every one knows that San
Francisco is blessed with. a corps of po
lice officers whose very names strike
terror to the hearts of porch climbers
and second story workers, but for all
that a gentleman with crooked tenden
cies outwitted one of these star sleuths
the other night and the latter knew
nothing about the trick until it was
turned. Then he was snbwn how it
happened, but refuses to talk. .
The man that double-crossed the boy
in blue was not a second-story opera
tor, but an under-story craftsman
one who prefers to make his hauls in
basements. The crime was committed
at the residence of Miss Croney, 1036
Ellis street, some time between the
dead of midnight and the breaking of
the beautiful dawn.
The thief had been at work on the
premises for several nights and the
closest vigilance on- the part, of the oc
cupants of the house availed nothing.
A few days ago Miss Croney went into
the basement of her home and discov
ered that the thief had paid the place
a visit on the preceding night and
had cleared up everything of value.
SWAG IX A SACK.
It was all packed up in a big sack,
the thief probably being frightened
away ere he had a chance to parade
down the str§et with his swag. Miss
Croney telephoned to police headquar
ters for an officer to watch the house
that night and specified that she want
ed a man that would be a guaranteed
burglar catcher. f
That rilght the sleuth arrived. He
smilingly stated that he could catch
anything that runs and that burglars
were his special cake. So the family
retired early and dreamed of how the
fearless copper would corral that bold
thief and have him strapped to a chair
in the parlor, awaiting the family in
spection in the morning.
When the household awoke, the cop
per was still on his beat in front of
the hsuse. He told of how he had
seen burglars come within a block or
so of the place, but when they spotted
him they all took, to the woods in the
direction of Van itfess avenue.
Then the members of the family be
gan^ a quiet little search themselves.
The cellar door was open, but this they
did not mind, as the key was left in the
door at the copper's suggestion. . But
when the key was discovered under the
door the searchers murmured, "How
strange."
TRICK IS TURNED.
Still they had confidence in what the
smart guardian of the household said.
A hasty examination of the interior of
the cellar disclosed the startling 0 fact
that the feack of swag had disappeared.
No one accused the copper of having
taken it, so it was mutually agreed
that the burglar turned, the trick him
self.
The cop did not know how it all hap
pened; he knew nothing till he was
shown. Then he scratched his head
and took on an expression of wisdom.
He hinted at burglars having been
asleep in the cellar for several days,
but could not explain how the gentle
men made a getaway while he was
guarding the doorway of the cellar.
Several hundred, dollars' worth of
goods were stolen, including some sur
gical instruments belonging to Dr. Van
Meter, a roomer at the place. Miss
Croney had used the basement for a
storeroom and had. deposited ° many
valuable articles there. The burglar
was a good judge and shrewd and he
overlooked lathing. Still the cop re
fuses to believe and hints at crooks
with wings.
Sheriff Levies Attachments.
Two writs of attachment - in the
sums of $706 46 and $2461 39 respec
tively were served yesterday by Sheriff
Curtis on W. J. Grace & Co., lumber
dealers at Sixth and Berry streets and
425 Ninth street. The first writ was
served at the instance of the Wash
ington Mills Company and the second
by the Hammond Lumber Company,
which have sued Grace & Co. for the
value of lumber sold and d<fcllvered.
An attachment was levied on H.
Nollen for $1000 on property now in
possession of the Santa Fe Railway
system. The attachment was served
at the Instance of G. D. Sanborn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• _. i
Scratch! Scratch!
Scratch!
Instant Relief for Itching,
Burning, and Scaly Humors,
Eczemas, RasHes, Irritations,
and Chaf ings, in a warm bath
with Ctttic&ra Soap and a
single anointing with Cuti-
ct*ra Ointment, the great
Skin Cure, o
: Complete Local and Constitutional Treat-
xcent for every humor may now be had of all
druggists for One Dollar, consisting of Ccti-
cus a Soap, Ointment, and Pills. A^injrle set
is often sufficient to cure the most distressing
cases from infancy to age, when all else iails.
\A/. T. HESS.
' Notary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015/ Claus Spreckels bids.
'/ \ Telephone Main 0SX
Residence. 821 California st. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ » _.°. _ _°_f .-. .
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
One case 50-INCH HOMESPUN SUITING, In two tone!
mixed effects. 'These are ybpu sultaDle for spring
outing suits Price 75c y^rd
One case Genuine FRENCH "ETAMINE VOILE,*' 43 Inches
wide. These are In all the new shades for spfrlng,,
1904 Pripe Sl.00 yard
One case BLACK ENGLISH MISTRAL CLOTH. °.ThlS JS
cne of the New Fabrics for spring wear.: >
Price t5c yard
75 cartons extra aualitu SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON, full
4 inches wide. We have them in all shades....-..;
.....price 25c yard
3 cases LADIES' SWISS RIBBED VESTS and DRAWERS,
Doth white and natural. These we haye In all sizes
Price $1.00 each
200 dozen GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
extra aualltUt Then come in # and 1 inch hem.>*>.
j.. Price 20c,:each
150 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
in % and # Inch hem. These aie male from an
extra ojualitu Linen Cambric Price I2J4 c each
: 45 pieces 36-lnch CURTAIN MUSLIN-. These are In small
figures and lace* strrpes Price. IQc yard
. 40 pieces CURTAIN MUSLIN, full 40 Inches wide, to
* stripes, figures, small and medium size- dots..:...
Price 2Oc vatd
.•We will also sell this week about 45 dozen LADIES
EIDERDOWN SACQUES, in Light Blues," Rsds and G°rau3,
sizes 34 to 44, at ONE-THIRD less than forjnsi prices.
t^j f* v rr^ WT^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l>(Vy 1 EHj All 8 orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are receive!
1JJ, 118,115, 117, 119, 121'POST STREET
o
LISTENS TO ARGUMENTS
IN SEVEN MURDER CASES
Supreme Court Passes Busy Day Con
sidering Appeals From Judgments
of Lower Tribunals.
The Supreme Court listened yester
day to arguments for and against sev
en persons accused of murder. None
of the defendants was present in
court* but were represented by their
attorneys. Each case was reviewed
/or the benefit of the Justices. Argu
ments were then ordered submitted
on* briefs for mature consideration.
The titles of the cases are as fol
lows: People vs. Minnie Adams, who
is charged with having killed her
young son with carbolic acid; people
vs. Stoll. the dentist who shot Dr.
Blake in their offices in the Phelan
building about a year ago: people vs.
Sing Tow, who murdered a fellow
countryman in Sacramento in Novem
ber, 1902; people vs. Gonzales. who
killed a man in a saloon brawl In Los
Angeles; people vs. Wright, who killed
a man who was paying a visit to de
feitfant's former wife in Butte Coun
ty; people vs. Buckley and people vs.
Moran, who were convicted of having
shot a machinist named Rice on a
Mission-street car durii«r the general
strike of 1901.
Decisions in these cases will not be
handed down for several months.
WARRANT SWORN OUT FOR
ABE SCHWARTZ'S ARREST
Accused of Embezzlement by Clarence
Grange, Wfiose Loss Is Placed
r-; , at $12,000. ;
Clarence Grange swore to a com
plaint before Police Judge Fritz yes
terday charging Abe G. Schwartz with
felony embezzlement. The amount
stolen, as alleged In the complaint, Is
$300, but it is said the total will ag
gregate about $12,000.
Schwartz disappeared about ten
days ago and it was reported that his
father -would meet the amount of &£
defalcation, but he has apparently
failed to do so.
The case his been p'laced in the
hands qt the Pinkerton detective
agency and every effort will be rrw.de
to locate Schwartz. Grange offers'*
reward of $200 to any one that will
give information that will lead to the
fugitive's arrest.
Percy <§Ioore Wins.
The Stiprenfe Court of the United
Stated has refused to issue a writ of
certlorari to disturb the decision of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
in the case of Percy Moore vs. the
Bank of British tjoltftnbia, and the
mandate was received yesterday by
Clerk Bealzley of the United States Cir
cuit Court. By the action of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals the bank is or
dered to deliver to Moore five thousand
and three-quarters certificates of stock
of the Sanger Lumber Company with
out any payment being required of him.
Try to Rob Jewelry Store.
The show window of the Jewelry
store of G. W. Moss, 116 Geary street,
was broken wi|h a rock early yester
day morning. Policeman George Col
lins heard the breaking of glass, but
when he got to the store no one could
be seen. The thief did not have time
to steal anything.
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East * South. Bekin's, 11 Montgomery St. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thi* is a special jprice on a special-
ly good kaife^ It p*2ys*3o buy a good •
knife — one that you can depend on. I
carry a very-complete assortment of ,
cutlery, embracing every Isigh-grade
make, such as Wostenholm's. Jor-
dan's. Hcnckel's. Stiletto and others.
3iIT SPECIAL R&ZO3, At St.OO.
has no equal for the money. . . ' -■
STAB SAFETY R4ZOB, S3.00
value: my price. S1.*>O-
SCISSORS, good grade, as low as'
25c
RAZOR STROPS, from 2oC up.
Two bars Williams' S&iving Soap,
15c. • . .
Out-of-town orders filled promptly-
THAT MAN PITTS
K. W. PITTS. *The Stationer.
1008 MABKET ST, Abore Powell.
■- «r .
jjjjj Chocolates W
g Given Away Free
I Teas, Coffees, Spices
| Baking Powder
| It Pays to
| Trade at
| Great American Importing Tea Go's
| Stores . ig§
I j 861 Market '210 Gnat tew. 24X9 PoQc
U 140 Sixth 1819 Deriaadero 705 Lar kfo
H 475 Haiffht S006 Sixteenth S65 Hares
0 3285 Mission 621 Jlontar'y are. 62 Market
g 2003 Fillmore 2516 Mission. 148 Ninth
gj 366 Third 2732 24th 469 Foarth
/) visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
klOSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ - 7* j Lar^Mt Anatomical Museum in the \
V jg*VTSa^. li orK1 w «*k««»"« •« iay contracted A
A UjZMa Dff « JOHDAN-OISEASES OF MEM J
1 FC^T^n Coiwulttrion free ind strictly prtnte. \
6 i &»% II II"""?!- P«»"»"y •* br letter. A 4
\ B W \ K *•""•• Cw»m every cajctautonmkea. T
d v u I (r r. Wril » **>* Book. pniLo«oray .r A
A & 1} nioable book fo> B*a) A
V DB.JORDAS &€©. 1051 MarfeMSt.S. F. Q
_J^ji fl BHI #% Ammunition. Roatlnc mad
■ ■IBkiiJV Sporting Goods. L*rr«»t
l a l Bla stock. Lowest prices. Sen4
W Vf B M W SHREVE & BARBSTR CO..
13S Market st. and 831
K«arny x.
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YZAB.