TKS ,WEATSSS.v <
rozccxst mad* at San Fran
cisco for , thirty hcrari ending 1
miOnlsrnt Monday, Tebru&ry Is
San Francisco ' and riciaity —
Fair Monday; light northerly
wind. G.H. -WTI.I.SO1T.
',.'■■ Local ' rorecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 63;.
BRITISH ARMY REORGANIZATION
ABOLISHES LORD ROBERTS' POST
ABYSSINIA
WELCOMES
AMERICANS
Ring Menelik Wants
Our Factories'
Products. '
Great Commercial Field Is
Opened to United
States.
Consul -Skinner, Bick From Ethiopia;
Reports Hearty Reception by Its
Picturesque Sovereign.
MARSEILLES. France, Jan. h.— The
following details of the governmental
mission to King Menelik of Abyssinia,
which was led by United States Consul
Or-neral Herbert P. Skinner, have been
obtained. Hkinner's rarty arrived here
yesterday on board the steamship Vic
toria. The American marines and blue
jackets who accompanied the expedi
tion were left at Aden and went on to
join the American gunboat Machias.
Consul Skinner and the other mem
bers of the party are in good health
and they speak enthusiastically of the
reception accorded them by King Hene
lik. On the way to the c<rast the party
saw one elephant and heard a number
of lions, but experienced no exciting ad
venture. In the course of an interview
Ekinner said:
"President Roosevelt selected a most
opportune time for establishing rela
tions with Ethiopia, as Americans here
tofore have been too indifferent to the
remarkable development which is now
going on in Abyssinia. Our cotton
goods pass through many hands before
bHng sold at high prices in AbyEsinia,
but now Americans have an opportun
ity to conduct their own trade. King
Menolik will pend some of the products
at his country to the St. Louis exposi
tion, as wf>li as a commission composed
of able men to sljow the American com-
TriTcial opportunities in Abyssinia. The
King is a broad-minded statesman, who
will welcome Americans."
MENELIK VISITS MARINES.
During the visit of the Skinner party
at the capital. King Menelik received
them, surrounded bv an imposing as
semblage of 2009 functionaries. The es
cort vi American marines established a
camp called "Camp Roosevelt," which
attracted a great deal of interest.
The King made a personal inspection
of the camp which lasted three hours,
and after having witnessed the ma
neuvers of the marines, he asked one
of the men for his rifle and loaded and
fired it. This act on the part of the
King pleased the visitors greatly.
The Americans were impressed with
the assimilative ability of the Abys
sinians. Cousu! Skinner saying that th 1 *
country is b*>lng rapidly modernized,
and thnt roads, bridges, water sup
plies, telephones and telegraph lines
are being constructed. He considers
the Abyssinlans the "Japanese" of
Africa. He points out. however, that
the postal and banking systems are de
fective and unsatisfactory. The money
is on stiver basi?.
Consul Skinner b?lieves that Ameri
cans will find ;«. large field for activity
in Hie E"!d. cos I. petroleum and asphalt
risibilities of Abyssinia. An official
reptm of th" result of the mission has
bee:i forwarded to Washington.
FRIENDLY TOWARD FRANCE.
llg, the adviser of King
Menelik. will return to Abyssinia to
morrow. In an interview h« said
AbyfiEinij. would continue to do her ut
most to favor French interests, but
that t-Jie was having a serious struggle
against foreign influences.' He said that
King Menelik intended to prove his
good feeling for France by visiting that
country during the present year.
HOME. Jan. 21— According to news
received by the Foreign Office here.
King Menelik is not likely to leave
Abyssinia, because or the political Bit
ration there. There is already a candi
date for succession to the throne and
he rears that his departure would be
a signal for civil warfare among the
different chiefs. Therefore. It is con
sidered imp'-Esible for the King to visit
the St. Louis exposition.
The San Francisco Call.
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE BRITISH ARMY, WHO IS TO BE DE
POSED. AND MEMBERS- OF ROYAL • COMMISSION WHICH AD
VISED SWEEPING REORGANIZATION.
Sweeping Changes to Result From
Creation of General Staff.
LOXDOX, Jan. 31.— The report of the
Royal Commission,. known as the Lord
Eshcr Commission, which was ap
pointrd last November for the purpose
of advising the Government concerning
the vreation of a board for the admin
istrative business of the War Office,
has been issued and it confirms the
change foreshadowed by the press on
November 2S, namely, that the post of
commander in chief of the army .will
be abolished.
With the approval of the King and
acting upon the recommendations 'of
the commission, the Government has
decided to appoint an army, council
framed upon the admiralty model ; to
abolish the office of commander in
chief of the army, and to create a new
post, that of inspector general, whose
principal duty .will be. to inspect and
report upon the efficiency of the mili
tary forces. ' • .
The report is divided Into three sec
tions, the first of ' which relates to the
defense committee, the second to the
army council, and the .third to inspec
tion. It points out the necessity of
greater permanence in thj defense
committee, in order to*ihsure'a"contin
uous policy, and it suggests the addi
tion to the existing defense committee
of a permanent secretary, holding, of
fice five years; two naval officials se
lected by the admiralty, two military
officials chosen by the Viceroy j of In
dia, and, if possible. Mother' colonial
representatives holding office' two
years.
With regard, to the War Office, the
commission suggests that the Secre
tary of State for War be placed in the
same position as. the First Lord of. the
Admiralty, directly responsible . to the
crown and to Parliament.
The constitution of the Army Coun
cil aims at decentralization, the indi
vidual members of the council' being
entrusted with different branches, such
as armament, supply, finance, etc. In
this connection the report remarks
significantly: '..»,,. - j .
"•"New measures demand new men;
w* therefore attach special Importance
to the appointment of milltar" mem
bers not too closely connected with ex
isting methods, and who, therefore, are
not- likely to be embarrassed by the
traditions of a system which is to be
radically changed.".
The commission considers the aboli
tion of the post of commander in chief
to be imperative and It urges '; the di
vorce of the administrative I from the
executive department.
The Inspector general . is - to be ap
pointed for five years. His sole func
tion; aided by a staff, is to report upon
actual facts without expressing opin
ions on wlicies. .
The Lord Esher, Commission re
ported with: unusual- promptitude.; Sir
George Sydenham Clarke, Governor of
Victoria, one of the members of the
commission, arrived . in • England : on
SAN FRANCISCO,: MONDAY; FEBRUARY . 1, 1904.
December 30, while tl\e report Is dated
January 18. .
" It is understood that all the neces
sary changes will.be carried out with
the least possible delay after obtain
ing the formal 'consent of Parliament
where jt is necessary.
The report is practical and business
like. It says it is "necessary, to make
a complete breach with the past and
endeavor to reconstitute the" War Of
fice with an eye single to the effective
training and preparation of the. mili
tary forces for war," and again it says:
"The object should be to secure for
the : British empire with the least pos
sible, derangement, of the. existing ma
chinery the immediate advantages
which a general staff conferred upon
Germany."
Contrasting the efficiency of the Ad
miralty—with the inefficiency of the
War 'Office,'' the report complains that
the latter "has no thinking depart
ment." .
,. .LONDON... Feb; 1. — The morning
papers. editorially applaud the report
of .the. Lord Esher Commission as
thorough and practical and express
the hope that the Government will ex
ecute the reforms with courage and
promptitude.. .,-.
SENATE WTLIi DEBATE
ON. PANAMA QUESTION
'WASHINGTON,: Jan. 31. — The Sen
ate this week .will continue to discuss
the Panama Question. There Is a dis
position on the I pa^rt of many Demo
cratic Senators V to postpone further
discussion of the question until re
sponses to the resolutions of inquiry
shall -be received from ' the executive.
The Democrats, however, have given
assurance to the Republican j leaders
that they will, not seek delay merely
for the purpose of postponing a vote
on the treaty, which they will permit
as soon as legitimate debate shall have
been exhausted. .;. / ;
The. House this, week wlll'pass the
diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill. 7 ?
Fireman Killed and Many. Hurt.
NEW "YORK, .Jan. 31.— One fireman
wls killed. and twehtfe-flve were over
come bysmoke In^flre in -V store
house of -the Anierloan Manufacturing
Companyt in .Brooklyn to-night.' .Nln?'
of- the men; who ; were : overcome were
so seriously affected that they were
taken to the hospitals. One of. them is
expected «to die. i The storehouse con
tained jute, .Mnnila hemp and bagging.
Fire* Destroys Whole Town.
-; GREENVILLE,. Miss., Jan. , 3 1 .—Fire
atHollendale destroye'd every, building
in;-.the,;town ''except -two dwellings.
Loss.;$200,000; •;:'-': : :'- ' r
BRIDE LOST
ON THE WAY
TO WEDDING
Wanders All Night
/in m Idaho
fe Blizzard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I MALAD CITY, Idaho, Jan. 31.— Clad
in her bridal dress, Miss Mildred Hun
saker wandered all night in the snow
while the "young, man who was to be
her husband ' awaited .anxiously with
relatives j and '. wedding, guests for her
appearance. . , .
The wedding, was set for. last even
ing.. The bride: was .dressed j for the
ceremony, by. her' aunt, .who'; lives a half
mile from 'the iHunsaker home. Miss
Hunsaker. started to return" home,
where her father and brother awaited
her, taking a -path, across the open
country. A snow storm came ud and
she lost her -way. Dressed in light
clothing, she wandered about all night.
George Bryan, her fiance.' and friends
began searching for the girl at . mid
night, .did ..not find her until six
o'clock this morning. The wedding oc
curred immediately, although the 'bride
was nearly dead from exposure.-
Mrs. Bryan, who is' 19 years old.
pretty and of robust build, says that
several times while she was Wandering
around fn!> the snow she was sorely
tempted to;lie. down, but she .-knew that
this meant ..certain death, so she per
sisted in her efforts. to find a house, or
a light that • would -lead her to one.
She had wandered three miles from her
home before she was ' found by the res
cue party." ~ Her attire consisted of ex
tremely ..light, material and. that the
girl was not' frozen to "death Isremark
able. ' ■ ; ~> ', ■: ' .
Mrs. Bryan says .that after". the first
four or five hours she became too be
numbed to feel' the cold t6 any extent.
She was conscious of: a drowsiness that
at times threatened to. overcome' her
and she fought. against this persistent
ly and successfully." She is now in bed.
nursing badly frost-bitten feet and her
physician says she will be able to ac
company/ her ; husband on their wed
ding trip within a; week.,. „-
POPE GIVES BLESSING
TO NEW NEWSPAPER
Recently* Established Journhl nnd
Bank in Mexico Rcceivo Apos
•:i -.; ■■">'•-; tbllcj Approval.
CITY OF. MEXICO. Jan. 31.—Arch
bishop A larcon has .formally "blessed
the premises of the . new Catholic
Bank, which ; starts business with a
capital of ,$6,000,000. ;;.f .
The first newspaper published ':• in
Mexico" to .receive the apostolic bene
diction of Po-pe Pius X<Is the Catholic
paperiElrPaisof this city. . The. new
Pope has sent his blessing to, the paper
and through it to the entire Catholic
world of ..Mexico.. ... ': r^^^g
Dry Goods FiraV. to Liquidate.
V BALTIMORE,; Jan. ; 31,-f-The Lloyd
L. i Jackson '- ,: of ' - this city,
wholesale /dealers in- dry 'goods, .is to
go into 1 iquidation. VThe company wil 1.
it is; asserted^- pay^every; cent it owes
by \ April ; 15,>; next. « and tthei preferred
stockholders w»ll . get 'from:. 50 to ; 60
cents ion\> the Vdbllar.V' ,\
FROM CELL
TO LIFE OF
RETIREMENT
Conditions Agreed To
by Mrs. Florence
MayMck.
She Is Not to Appear Upon
tbe Public Stage or
Write a Book.
Great Secrecy Attaches to Woman's
Release From Prison and Her
, Subsequent Movements."
' LONDON, Feb. 1 — The Daily M*ail
this morning says that Mrs. Florence
Maybrick is now in Liverpool and that
the following conditions attach to her
release from prison: That she shall
not appear on the public stage or write
a book of her experiences and shall In
no way endeavor to attract public at
tention to- herself.
With much mystery are the officials
shrouding their actions in connection
with the release of Mrs. Maybrick. At
the United States embassy it was em
phatically declared that she had not
been pardoned. The Home Office and
the governor of Aylesbury Prison re
fuse to make any statement. If the
ordinary course had been followed, Mrs.
Maybrick would have been taken to
Holloway,' if ,her immediate release
were' contemplated. She , probably has
been Removed to a place of less rigorous
discipline, where she can recuperate
prior to her final release.
-The details given in this morning's
Lloyds Weekly newspaper regarding
the vist of Mrs. Maybrlck's mother,
Baroness de Rouques, to Aylesbury
prison on- January 25 appear to be cor
rect. 1 She afterward described Mrs.
Maybrick as very busy with her work,
Txi- much* better' spirits 1 arid 'looking, for
ward : to '-her release. ' '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31;—Regard
ing the case of , Mrs. Maybrick, inter
est in which has be'en- revived by re
ports that she has been released from
prison in England, State Department
officials say there has been -no recent
communication between them and the
English Government in the matter.
The last information the department
had regarding the case (and this is now
some months old) was that Mrs. May
brick probably would be released late
in the coming- summer.
RUSSIA GAJNS MORE TIME.
Further Delay in Framing and For
warding; Note to Japan.
"PARIS, Jan. 31.— Another delay has
occurred in framing and forwarding
the Russian answer to the latest Jap
anese note, and this will result in fur
ther averting the culmination . of the
crisis until the middle or the latter
part of the week.
The official adyices received here
from St. Petersburg to-day, although
somevhat . negative, gave definite de
tails of the status of the note and the
programme- it was intended to follow.
Count Lamsdorff, the Russian Foreign
Minister, had expected that the ex
changes going on would have permit
ted tlie final drafting of the answer ro
that it could have- been presented to
the Czr • yesterday for his approval,
but the expectation was xibt realized,
and, as a matter of fact, the answer
has not* yet .been finally drafted. It
was determined, therefore, to defer its
submission to the Czar until next
Tuesday or Wednesday. . Efforts are
still being made to so shape this an
swer as , to prevent a rupture.
This new delay is interpreted as
slightly improving the situation, as it
indicates that Russia is making ex
treme efforts to brtng the answer with
in limits acceptable to, Japan.
Owing to the fact that the Russian
answer is not completed, it is pointed
out that the reports concerning its gen
eral terms must be taken, with allow
ance, as the delay indicates that some
of ,the points which presented the most
serious difficulties may yet be recon
ciled.
Throughout the past week the au
thorities here have been kept fully ad
vised of the general tendencies of Rus
sia, but they have not known whether
or not these tendencies would be in
corporated in the answer j by which
Russia- would Irrevicably abide.
* It is understood that the Empress of
Russia .has an affection of the ear
which - may necessitate an ; operation.
This fact is considered as, having some
bearing' upon the • time when the . an
swer will be submitted to the Czar for
approval.
In any event officials here are confi
dent that definite results will be
known next Thursday. ., •
Ov.ing to the feeling that a final ef
fort- toward/reconciliation was beinp
made, the tone of official, sentiment
was somewhat improved to-day.
Printers : .Threaten a Strike.
BOSTON, Jan. 31.— Unless an un
expected contingency arises fifty-six
■book" and ' job printing establishments
in Boston and surrounding towns, em
ploying 900 persons, members of 'the
Boston Typographicar Union; will be
.without; printers , and '. compositors to
morrow./ -A new scale, presented as
ah -ultimatum to -the Boston Typo
thetae has been > rejected by the em
ployers. . ■::•. ". .;' '.V- :'■";
(Governor ■Pardee* Is Recovering.;
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 3 L—Gover
nor, Pardee, who h V been confined -to
his home for" more than two weeksby
a v severe cold and bronchitis, was able
to drive, out ; to-day and soon -will 'be
at his office, probably to-morrow.
THE THEATERS.
Alcazar— "A Colonial Girl."
California— "The Sternal City."
Central — "East £ynne."
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Cnlnese Honey
moon."
Fischer's — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand — "tost Biver."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marchlnjr Home." "-^ ■
ARMY WAITS
ABOARD THE
TR ANSPORTS
Japanese Troopships
Ready to Sail
for Korea.
One Correspondent Cables
That They Hare Al
ready Started.
Mobilization of the Mikado's Forces
Conduced Rapidly and With
Extraordinary Secrecy.
LONDON, Feb. 1. — The correspond
ent of the Daily Mail at Chefu cables
he has learned that the Japanese naval
reserves were mobilized last week and
that the first army corps was partly
mobilized with great secrecy, the
troops arriving: at their destination
disguised as' coolies. More than 10O
transports have been requisitioned, the
correspondent continues, an"d twenty
eight transports and thirty-eight war
ships are lying at Sasebo (twenty-five
miles north by west of Nagasaki).
Forty transports filled with, the Kuma
nato division are lying at Takeshlra
harbor in Tsushima ready for action.
The destination of these latter vessels
is be'lieved to be Chungyu, whence the
isolation of Korea could.be effected.
"The Russian and Japanese author
ities," the correspondent continues,
"profess ignorance of the Argun 'inci
dent, but I learn that the Japanese
cruiser Chiyoda signaled the Argun to
stop and, as no notice was taken, fired
acrocs the bows of the Argun, where
upon ' the ; Russian steamer, which was
beyond neutral waters, stopped and the
Chiycla sent a search party on board."
FIRST. NEWS -OF INCIDENT.
, (On January 3Q the : Daily j Mail pub-'
lished a dispatch from it*' Chefu cor^
respondent. : saylnr: a, "foreigner had re
ported that the Russian steamer Ar
gun, on -which he was a passenger,
from Nagasaki to" Port . Dalny, had
been fired at by a Japanese cruiser
outside of Chemulpo harbor.)
The correspondent of the Morning
Post at Chefu cables that a British
vessel and some others engaged in a
regular service to Port Arthur, had
been stopped when about to enter that
port. • •
Competent judges, ine ~*ost*s corre
spondent goes on, predict the total
failure of the Russian commissariat in
the event of prolonged hrstilities.
Under date of January 26 a corre
spondent of the Daily Express at Kobe
sends via Shanghai a statement that
the Japanese fleet sailed frcm -Saseho
On Saturday, January 23. for Masam
pho, Korea, and says that his dispatch
was refused transmiss!«,n over the cus
tomary route by the censors. V
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily, Telegraph says officials there
have received news that Russian troops
are occupying Kivehous, north of the
Gulf of Liatung.
HAS NO INFORMATION.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minis
ter to Great Britain, informed the press
last night that his Government did not
know what Russia's answer would be
and it was therefore impossible to say
whether war was probable or. not. The
fact that the Russian reply had not yet
been dispatched showed, according to
Baron Hayashi, that Russia's decision
had not yet been taken, as it was
hardly probable, if a decision had been
reached, that the note should be de
layed. /
A semi-official denial has been issued
at St. Petersburg to the reports that
the Czar presided at a council at which
the Russian reply was decided upon,
and it is explained that no conference
except that at which Grand Duke
Alexis presided has been held in con
nection with the Russo-Japanese affair.
A dispatch received here from Tien
tsin says Russia Is . purchasing large
quantities of Kaiping coal for imme
diate delivery at Port Arthur, where
the stocks of coal are believed to be
running low. - ■' :%. ';
GERMANS ARE CHAGRINED.
Expose of tho Kaiser's Pact With
Denmark Embarrasses Berlin.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company,
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 31. — Accord
ing to a telegram received here from
Berlin the dispatches concerning Ger
many's understanding with Denmark
for the keeping of the entrance of the
Baltic closed in case England should be
drawn Into the Russo-Japanese war
was widely republished, more often
than not with angry or rude comment.
This was a foregone . conclusion. This
piece of admittedly sensational news,
which I implicitly repeat and which
came from an excellent source, opened
a ,very awkward situation for German
pqlicy, all ; the more since it Is well
known how warmly the friends . of
greater- Germany find the idea of mak
ing Copenhagen a Teutonic Gibraltar
of the north at some future period.
Doubtless also in due course Wilhelm
strausse will supply some kind of of
ficial denial. , Nevertheless my author
ity is particularly certain of the truth
of his statement.
The pessimism regarding the pros
pects of war is more general than hith
erto. Of public excitement .there Is
none, and 1 never will.be. but it is fully
realized It is Impossible that Rus
sia should do anything beyond accord-
Ing mild political and economical rights
to Janan in Southern Korea, whereas
in Manchuria she can promise nothing.
' It ! is keenly felt . that the present re
ply la likely to be taken by Japan aa
final.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THIRTY MEN
PERISH ON
A DESERT
Appalling Discovery
in Arid Land of
Nevada.
Tramps and Laborers Are
the Victims oi Hunger
and Tbirst.
Surveyors Find the Remains of Those
Who Made a Foolhardy Effort to
Cross a Waste Area.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS VEGAS, New, Jan. 31.— Thirty
bodies of men who perished on the
Nevada desert from thirst and hun
ger have been found by a party of sur
veyors who are in advance of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road.
The victims of the desert met death
within the last few weeks according to
all the evidence obtainable and from
the condition of the remains when dis
covered. The men perished in attempt
ing to cross the waste area that
stretches a distance, of eighty miles
from Los Vegas to the California line.
Word that has just been brought in
from the advance party of surveyors
tells of many grewsome findings, in
cluding the remains of four, five or half
a dozen men lying in close proximity.
The hardy and seasoned men who are
laying out the railroad route are sick,
with the horror of their discoveries. In
most instances the bodies have been
partially eatep by coyotes and buz
zards to such an extent as to be beyond
recognition. The majority of the vic
tims were tramps and railroad laborers,
who have attempted to cross from the
railroad. camps in Nevada to the more
agreeable climate of California.
INSANITY
BEFORE I>EATII.
The thirty bodies just reported wer«
all. found within a radius of a quarter
of a mile around "Dead Man's Well."
the only water in the entire desert, and
that a delusion which lures men to in
sanity and death. Several of the bodies
were absolutely nude, showing that the
crazed men had cast off their clothing
before dropping down to die on the
sagebrush plains.
One hundred feet from this well the
surveying party came across six bodies
lying a few yards apart. They had been
frightfully torn and half-eaten by the
desert beasts and birds of prey.
This Dead Man's Well is about half
way across the barren territory that
divides the little settlements of South
ern Nevada from the hills of Califor
nia. It was sunk many years ago to
provide water for the people who at
tempted to cross the desert on foot in
spite of warnings. The water, which
was struck at a depth of 125 feet,
proved to be brackish, salt and utterly
unfit for human consumption. To
drink of this water means madness.
Hundreds have probably drank of it
only to so raving mad and wander
aimlessly about until the heat,
added to . other suffering, brought
death as a relief to their terrible suf
fering. The men who have tried this
tramp across the desert lately were
laborers, formerly employed on the
Clark road, who desired to get to Cali
fornia, and tramps who mistakenly
took this route.
PERIIi IX THE WATER.
A short time ago a laborer started
across with a bottle of water; one
week later his body was found within
200 yards of the Moapa River. lie had
evidently became insane from thirst
and perished within a stone's throw
of the fresh water river, which he was
unable to see on account of the dark
ness. Two days prior to this incident
two tramps were picked up near
"Dead Man's Well" by a stage driver.
Both men were violently Insane and
were wandering around in a nude con
dition. They attempted to resist res
cue, but were too weak. They died,
before the stage reached Moapa.
A few days ago a railroad laborer
was found by a party of prospectors
in the middle of the desert. He. too.
had stripped off all his clothing and
became crazed. He Imagined he could
hear water trinkllng and groped blind
ly, about searching for It. He was
taken to Los Vegas, where he is
slowly recovering his senses. Many
instances of this sort have been re
ported, but no one believed that such
a large number had perished recently
as Is now proved by the ghastly finds
of the surveyor's party.
Prayers Are Offered for Rain.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 31.— Special
prayers were offered to-day In all the
Catholic and many of the Protestant
churches of the city for rain. In some
of the churches special rain services
were held. The feelfng seems to be
general among the ministers and the
members of the churches that rain
will be sent to break the drought If
the people pray fervently for it. Fol
lowing the scriptural quotation that
"the prayer of the righteous man
availeth much," the invocations were
pronounced. About six weeks ajjo
Bishop Conaty issued a circular ask
ing the pastors of the Catholic
churches to pray for rain at their ser
vices.
Robbers Secure Coin.
SEATTLE, Tan. 31. — Twj well
dressed robbers pried up the window
of.J. B. Goddard's house here this
morning and forced Goddard and an
other man to lie quiet while they
searched the pockets of their trousers.
They secured more than $500 in cash.
Goddard begged them to leave the. rest
of his money and they did so. Tha
cash they left behind was $1401.2
RULES AGAINST
THE AMERICANS
Venezuelan High Court De
clares the Asphalt Mine
Claim to Be Null asd Void
IX TITLE
FINDS FLAW
Right of Original Holders
of Bennudez Concession to
Make the .Sale Is Denied
CARACAS, Venezuela. Jan. 28. — The
Federal High Court, sitting in full
session with ten Judges on the bench,
h^s finally handed down a decision -in
the long-drawn-out asphalt case. The
court gives as its unanimous judgment
the opinion that the claim of Warner
& Quinlan of .Syracuse. N. Y., to pos-
Besslon of the Felicidad Asphalt mine,
■ portion of the, asphalt lake in the
State of Bermuda, claimed also by the
New York and Bermudez Asphalt
Company, which holds a concession to
work the lake, is null and void.
■The Felicidad mine was bought in
lf9S bv Warner & Quinlan.
The court bases its opinion on the
argument that, while the concession of
the Bermudez company was valid, no
claim to the Felicidad could be grant
ed. The debates revealed the fact
that Warner & Quinlan had bought
the Felicidad mine without receiving
proper title from the vendors.
WILLIAM C. WHITNEY
INDEH SURGEON'S KNIFE
NEW YORK. Jan. 31. — William C.
Whitney ' went under the Burgeon's
knife last evening in an operation for
appendicitis, which was performed by
Dr. W. T. Bull. It was said at Wrhit
oeyp residence, S71 Fifth avenue, to
night that he was doing as well as
c ould be expected after the shock con
sequent upon this operation.
WOULD BROADEN
SCHOOL POLICY
I!i$hop McFaul Urges State
Support for Catholic Institu
tions of Proper. Standard
DETROIT. Jan. 31.— About 2000 per
sons were present in Light Guard Ar
mory to-day at a mass meeting that
marked the close of the semi-annual
meetmg of the advisosy board and. ex
ecutive board of the American^Federa
tion of Catholic Societies. Speaking of
the aims of the federation. Bishop Mc-
Faul of Trenton. N. J., said it would
accomplish much in the direction of
doing away %vilh two great deficiencies
of the Catholic church. One of these,
he said, was the lack of organized
Catholic opinion, the othei being the
lack of an organ to disseminate such
an opinion if it existed.
- "Retain the present public school
system." said Bishop McFaul. "but do
not bar Catholics out of their rights as
citizens. The federation has taken an
admirable stand on this question. Its
platform is: That there shall be no
public moneys paid out for religious
instruction in any school. But let the
State examine our schools and if on
examination it is found that we are
giving the children an education which
comes up to the requirements of the
State then let the State pay for it."
The beard decided that a special or
ganization fund of $5000 should be
raised.
BRAVE STATION* AGENT
KILLED BY ROBBERS
Railroad Employe Makes Desperate
Fi~ht Against Bandits in a
Missouri Town.
JOPLIN, Mo.; Jan. 31.— William H.
Broadstreet, station agent of ' the
Frisco system at GVanby, near here,
pave up his life to-night in defense of
company's property, being shot by one
of two masked men who ordered 4iim
lo hold up his hands. A fierce fusil
lade was exchanged, when Broadstreet
finally fell with a bullet in the head.
Bloodhounds have been sent to the
scene to take up the trail of the rob
bers.
Seventy German poets in Berlin en
tered into a union, refusing to accept
less thmi 10 c?nts a line for their
rhvraes.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
Saa Fraaeisco Indorsement Is What !
Counts With the San Fraaciico Public.
You can't fool the public all the time.
They will find you out at last.
Every time a man is fooled
Another skeptic is made.
M?ny the remedy that makes th" skep-
tic.
Because it fail? to keep its promises.
Uoan's Kidney Pills bring renewed re-
.■\vard.
. They cure the skeptic.
Plenty of proof of this at home.
San Francisco proof for San Francisco
I.oople. .
Here's a case of it:
S. E. Dent, v.-oodwortccr in the Carvill
?Jf^. Co., residence 26 Turk street, says:
"1 IBid pain La my- back for. over three
months.- It was not the kind that.comes
from overwork, but was deeper seated,
and from the indications I knew my kid-
neys were not performing their func-
tlors properly. It struck me if Doan's
•Kidney Pills were for the kidneys and
th»» kidneys alone they might at least
he^p and I took a course of the treat-
-ment. You can put me down as an em-
pii.vtic lndorscr of (he claims made for
Doan'K Kidney Pills."
For H-d\f by all dealer*. Price 50c. Fos-
ter-Milnurn Co.. Buffalo. K. Y., sole
rpents for the ITnited States.
Reiaombcr the name, Doan's. and take
v.o other.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
*. aalogue and Pries List* Mailal
en Application.
FBEEH AND SALT MEATS.
r $£ ttftVF^ & Tft ■ dipping Hatchers. 101
«A... UUILJ a VV. clay. TcL Main l:su
on.s. >
i.i:ki:icatixg oil- 1 ?; leonakd & ellis.
4JS Front M./ P, Y. Phone Main Kl».
|^^SS*t" printing.
Lf RIinHPC PRINTER.
TRAIN WRECKED
BY CRIMINALS
Twenty-Five Passengers on
Indiana Express Escape
With Only Slight Injuries
DETECTIVES HAVE A CLEW
Spikes and Bolts Removed
From Rails Send Two Cars
Down a Steep Embankment
PRINCETON. Ind., Jan. 31.— Train
wreckers removed a number of* spikes
and bolts from the tracks . on ) the
Southern Itailroad near here to-day,
and a passenger train running at the
rate of twenty miles an hour was de
railed, the baggage car and a day coach
rolling down a steen embankment.
There, were seventy-five passengers
on the train, but all escaped with slight
injuries.
Detectives eay they have a clew to
the wreckers.
MORALES GOVKRXMKXJ 1
IX FULL POSSKSSIOX
United States Recognizes the Provis
ional Rejrlme for Protection
of Commerce.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 31. — Accord
ing to information received at the
State Department, all the ports of
Santo Domingo are now in the pos
session of the Morales provisional
Government, which succeeded the
feovernment of General Wos y Gil. The
Jiminez revolution seems td have
been stamped out. Though there has
been no diplomatic recognition of the
Morales Government United States of
ficials in Santo Domingo have entered
into relations with it, this step being
necessary for the protection of com
mercial business.
AUTOS A MILE
IN 35 SECONDS
W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. Makes
Remarkable Time in a Prac
tice Run on Florida Beach
Special DUpatch to The Call
ORMOND. Fla., Jan. 31.— W. K. Van
derbilt Jr. to-day finished a mile in
thirty-five seconds in an automobile
practice run. '
"I might have done the mile in thirty
seven seconds officially on this beach,"
said Vanderbilt as he left in his special
car for Palm Beach. "I did thirty-five
seconds in practice."
The actual speed at which. Vanderbilt
might have traveled yesterday is; of
course, a matter of conjecturf . He did
travel in thirty-nine seconds,* vrhlch is
sufficient unto the day, for It Is the
world's record. Vanderbilt' also aver
aged forty-one seconds for ten miles,
which is looked upon as quite as .re
markable automobiling as the oneymile
trial in thirty-nine seconds, for ten
miles in forty-one seconds in competi
tion means that he must have gone un
der that time — perhaps one second, per
haps two and perhaps more toward the
close.
YOUXG SOCIETY MEX
SUSPECTED OF 3IURDER
Police Find Clews Which May Con
nect Bedford Youths With Mur- .
der of Miss Scliaefer.
BEDFORD, Ind., Jan. 31.— Two
Bedford young men, prominent in
business and society circles, are under
surveillance, suspected of complicity
in the murder of Miss Sarah. Schaefer,
the young teacher found murdered in
a barn here ten days ago. Additional
evidence, the police assert, has" been
discovered in the barn where the death
struggle took place and they promise
a decided step toward ferreting out
the murderer within another day ;or
two. Both of the men under surveil
lance had, at different times, it is as
serted, been repulsed by Miss Schaefer
in their advances. .
Texas Voters Disfranchised.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 31.— The regis
tration of Texas voters for next No
vember's election closed to-night at
midnight, and, while all the returns
Kill not be in for several days, it is
estimated that out of the 700,000
voters in Texas only 550,000 have
saved their vote by paying their poll
tax. Under a constitutional amend
ment enacted two years ago and made
operative a year ago, voters in Texas
are not allowed to exercise the fran
chise unless they pay $1 75 poll tax
each year. ,
A NEW SUBSTITUTE
FOR WHALEBONE
The increasing scarcity of whale
bone has attracted the attention of
merchants, and inventors all' the world
over to the discovery of substitutes
for use in corset and dress making-, but
so far few satisfactory ones have been
discovered. ,';- .- ; .•;;■
Steel is in many respects the best
substitute and in some it is superior
to whalebone. Its fatal defects are its
tendency to rust and its sharp edges,
which cut the fabric of the corset.
While It has almost exclusively re
placed whalebone in the cheaper grade
of corsets, these two defects have shut
it out entirely from use by the high
grade commercial and custom corset
makers. Horn strips and other sub
stitutes lack- the resiliency and light
ness of whalebone^
There Is a substitute now on ,the
market which' seems to fill about all
the requirements. It Is" composed of
thin strips - of steel of the highest
grade, covered with a composition
which absolutely protects it from rust,
and which at the same time, having
rounded edges, protects the fabric of
the corset or dress from being cut by
the sharp edges of the steel. Unlike
whalebone, it .is practically indestruc
tible, possessing greater resiliency, and
is much thinner than whalebone of
equal strength, which, is a strong point
in its favor. The chief drawback to
its use is that It cannot be cut to the
lengths required, but the manufacturer
declares that it , is made in so 'I many
lengths" that it is unnecessary to cut
it — New York Press,
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALIi." MONDAY. FERRU ART 1, 1004.
MEN FIGHT
FROM DAWN
UNTIL DUSK
Desperate Battle for Life Oc
curs in an Arizona Mining
Camp and One of the
Three Combatants Is Dead
QUARREL FOLLOWS
DRINKING OF LIQUOR
Battered Victor in the Struggle
With Two Companions Trav
els to Kino-man and Surren
ders to the Authorities
KINGMAN, A. T., Jan. 31.— One of
the most sanguinary life and death
struggles in the history of this coun
ty took place last evening at a place
known as Meyers Well, . twenty-six
miles west of here, between Thomas
"W.'Smith and two men known as Lang
and Wilbur, in which Wilbur was fatal
ly and Lang seriously wounded. Wil
bur died to-day.
The three men had entered into a
prospecting agreement and Smith came
to town for a supply of provisions.
After depositing supplies at the Lang
and Wilbur camp, the men went to
Smith's camp to assist in bringing his
outfit to the new camp. On the way
they apparently drank liquor freely
and were sVion involved in a quarrel.
Wilbur and Lang attacked Smith and
a rough and tumble fight followed.
From 6 o'clock yesterday morning until
7 o'clock last night the men fought with
hands and rocks with but slight inter
mission, and the ground over which
the battle raged is covered with blood.
Smith was badly battered, but the
other two men were so overcome that
they were unable to continue the flght
and early this morning Wilbur died
from his injuries. A teamster wit
nessed the flght. but made no effort to
separate the combatants.
Smith came to Kinsman this after
noon and gave himself up to the
Sheriff and is now in the County Jail.
The Sheriff and the Coroner have gone
to the scene.
RADIO-ACTIVE
GAS IN EARTH
Yale Professor Making Gratify
ing Progress "With Investi
gation of His Discovery
• - ♦ ' ■ . ■ . . .
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW HAVEN, Jan. 31— Professor
Henry Andrews Biimstead of the phy
sical department of Sheffield Scientific
School, who, with an assistant. Pro
fessor L. P. Wheeler, has been experi
menting for several months with ra
dium found in surface water and earth
around this city, has just completed
his work and the American Journal of
Science to-morrow will give a detailed
account of the results obtained. Pro
fessor Bumstead has had such ereat
success . in his investigations that a
leave of . absence for the coming: year
has been granted him by the Yale cor
poration in order th^t he ' may con
tinue his investigations abroad.
Professor Bumstead draws three
conclusions of the greatest interest to
Investigators. In regard to the pres
ence of radio-active gas in the earth
and: in surface water near this city.
Professor Bumstead says:
"First — Radio-active gas found in the
ground and in surface water near New
Haven is. apparently identical with the
emanation from radium.
"Second— The density of the radium
emanation, as determined by its rate
of diffusion, is about four times that of
carbon dioxide, which gives it a molec
ular weight of 180. . •
"Third— We are unable to obtain
radio-active gas from mercury, recent
ly described by Strutt, and are there
fore inclined to attribute his results
to an impurity in the mercury used."
FINAL REST FOR BODY
OF JAMES SMITIISON
Forced Removal From Genoa Ceme-
tery Brings It Back to Land of
Adontion. ,
In charge of Professor Alexander
Graham Bell, the body of James
Smithson founder of the Smithsonian
Institution in Washington, D. C. Is
on its way to New York from Gibral
tar. . /■":,■/
James Smithson was the natural
son of Hugh, first Duke of Northum
berland, and Elizabeth, nieceof -the
Duke of Somerset, a lineal descendant
of Henry VII. He became a .wander
er, visited this country, and when he
died at Genoa, Italy, in 1829, he lefr
his entire fortune, amounting io
$500,000, to the Government of the
United States "to found at Washing
ton, under the name of the Smith
sonian institution^ an establishment
for the increase and diffusion of
knowledge among men." .
It had been Sm'ithson's boast that
his name would remain known among
men when the titles of the Northum
berland and Percys, who were his an
cestors, were' extinct and forgotten.
Smithson's legacy to the United States
was brought to this^country by Rich
ard ; Rush sixty-five years. .ago. The
money was brought in' 105 bVgs, each
.containing 1000 gold? sovereigns. As
a result, of the investment of that
fund there has grown up in Washing
ton an institution which,:' in addition
to the income of $50,000 from Smith
son's legacy, expends each year $450,^
000.
It. came to the: attention of Profes
sor Alexander Graham Bell about /a
year ago that Smithson's body was
about to be disturbed.^ The cemetery
in Genoa where it was buried was to
give way to a marble 'quarry/and; the
Idea of bringing, his body to America
was set forth. ".^ The matter .was; thug
brought tc the attention of • the re
gents . of the ; Smithsonian Institution.
As a" result ,of; the action taken : by
the board of resents, . Professor Bell
sailed for Europe about a J month ago.
He superintended' the .disinterring of
Smithson's body.
GAS EXPLODES,
KILLING TWO
Pennsylvania Man's Home Is
Wrecked and Owner Burns
to Death in View of Friends
MANY PERSONS INJURED
Victims Are Pinioned in De
bris and , Fire Rages While
the "Spectators i ; Are Helpless
(PITTSBURG, Jan, Jl.— An explosion
of natural gas that wrecked the home
of Henry Magel,; in-West Liberty, to
day; caused thedea.th"of two persons
and the severe injury of six others. The
dead: . ."•.".■'■' "■/ '■ ./. ~ ■ v'-V -'
HENRY MAGEL, aged 55, burned to
death. ;'.:■'. .' ' ■'< •" "^
CHARLES'UlAGEL-; his son? aged 20,
both legs burned off and caught under
falling wall. .r , rr :- - ; .^'. ;
Mrs. Henry.Magel fell through the
cellar and was seriously Injured. Her
three children and;' &' son-in-law and
his wife were' all 'badly "bruised and cut.
The building was. demolished. Neigh
bors were unable , to reach Magel. who
was pinioned' down by the debris and
they were obliged -to stand by and see
him burn; to deaths. • . -
FEARS DEATH
AND IS JAILED
Santa Rita Man Surrenders,
a lid Tef ls the 3Ionterey ; Coun-
ty Sheriff , of a Fight
SALINAS, Jan. 31.— Early. this morn
ing Frank Castro of Santa Rita, distant
about two miles from town; gave him
self up 'to the Sheriff,- stating; that he
had cut a man named Tarango of
Monterey during a dispute at a, dance.
From what Castro says he acted In
sgjf-defense and was fearful he would
"6e killed if he did not protect himself.
BENEFICIAL INSECTS
FROM OTHER' LANDS
Are Imported Into This „ County to
Destroy Others Killing Our
Fruit Trees.
The American public naturally looks
with suspicion upon the importation of
foreign living products. The English
sparrow, first brought here about thirty
years ago, has driven away nearly all
our native song birds, while th« Ger
man cam has driven from our streams
most of the fine food fishes with which
they once abounded.
It is noAv proposed to import a cer
tain breed of insect which, it is claimed,
will rid the orchards of diseases that
are imperiling the bearing' capacity of
the trees.' Th^s^nsect, though called
the Chinese ladr-btrd, ' Is iiothing but
an insect.' It is said to.be the, nktural
enemy of the dreaded San Jose scale.
Its discovery in. -its native habitat neat
the great wall of China was one ef the
most .valuable' finds credited to the
Agricultural Department. It is mul
tiplying at a very satisfactory rate.
Colonies were sent 'out to six States
during the last' year with encouraging
success... A colony liberated in a Geor
gia peach orchard' of 17,000 trees now
numbers 30,000 or 40,000 insects, ; and
with the additional broods expected be
fore the end of ".". the season, ( wMl be
numerically strong enough to praptical
ly exterminate the scale. Ab this or
chard adjoins another" of 250,000 trees
similarly infested, • the spread of the
beetle will be anxiously awaited. ;.
Equally promising are the reports of
the results of the 'importation from
Italy and Africa of an Insect enemy of
the black scale which 'threatened the
destruction of California's famous or
chards. The insect Is now established
in every country south of Point Con
ception, and yet the. Commissioner of
Horticulture at San Francisco, who has
been distributing the colonies, cannot
keep pace with the demand. The Los
Angeles Commissioners ' distributed
over 400 strong colonfes at Escondido.
At Pasadena the insects, according 1 to
the Commissioner of Agriculture, have
spread naturally, and, what Is vitally
important, have destroyed "over 90 per
cent of the black scale."
The other important insect importa
tion made by the division, namely, the
inseot that is essential for the fertiliza
tion of figs and the production of the
numerous v seeds so characteristic of the
Mediterranean fruit, has become thor
oughly acclimatized at Fresno and at
Niles, Cal. The fig crop raised at the
former place last year was large and
of very superior quality. Now that the
secret of fig growing has been traced
to the agency of an insect and the lat
ter, has become thoroughly established
new fig orchards are springing .up '; In
many parts of Calif ornla.— Chicago
Chronicle. .' ')■■■
An Unfortunate Remark.
'.If; a certain prominent New. York
physician ever writes his autobiography
the following incident will undoubtedly
be omitted: . , .
Not long ago . the physician in ques
tion was called to , a : boarding-house to
attend a man very ill with pneumonia.
The man died. The .keeper of the
boarding : house, • a woman, was very
much distressed, -the man having been
the first boarder to die under her roof.
"It's go unfortunate that he should
have died," said she, with self-interest
ed sympathy. "I do haU to have a
funeral here.",-.. :^.0'5|^SPSSS^ /?: v ; i:
"It won't be necessary," eaid the doc
tor,, consolingly. "The funeral can' be
at the undertaker's."
"But I ~don!t, I even know of an un
dertaker," said the unnerved woman..
"I • do," said the doctor. "Just around
the corner Is a good one.Ho whom, I
send all my patients." •
"All!" gasped the, landlady, and t the
doctor wondered why she turned pale.—
New York Times.
SAN. JOSE. Jan. 31. — Two young men giving
their » names as •■• Frank : Smith v and > Charles
Green, who. were arrested In a box car in the
Southern ■ Paclflc • yards ' to-dny, 1 : had ; in thejr
possession a package r of. letters which. dropped
from a mall; car. at!; Mountain View January
28. .The letters have been opened and a, draft
and check, are; missing. ' -
i ToCure a Cold in One Day.'
Take" Laxative" Bromo'- Quinine -Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if. It falls to cur*.'
s:. w. Grove's tlraaturft la on each box. 25c. •
OFFICERS LEAD
THE SEARCHERS
Marshal and Constable in Com
mand of Citizens Seeking Po
monan Who Has Disappeared
FEAR IN SOUTHERN TOWN
Aged Resident Leaves His
Home and May Have Perished
in the Foothill Fastnesses
POMONA,_Jan. 31.— Two hundred and
forty men from "all parts of the Pomona
Valley gathered at the head ' of San
Dimas waste at 9 Vclo'ck\,this morning
and' commenced : an organized search
for John D. Jones, an 83-year-old resi
dent Pomona, who was : last seen
on last- Tuesday night, headed for the
mouth of San Dimas wash.
Under the leadership of" Marshal Ogle
and Constable Slanker a platoon was
formed extending .from the , mountains
to the valley. Every foot ; of ground
was traced . as • f ar west i as Glendora,
also" the region • of Charter Oak and
Puddingstone Falls without success.
The search was continued , till dark.
Jones has a wife and daughter residing
here. It is feared he wandered off and
died in the foothills., -.'■;;:, -'
*- • •' " • " ; ' _ _*
DOG CAUSES
CHILD'S DEATH
Tragedy Occurs During a Fire
K in a Keniiel at . the Home
1 of a Washington Mariner
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. After ac
cidentally setting .flre to a dog kennel
into which he had crawled to play with
matches, the four-year-old eon of Cap
tain Edward Gustavasen of the steam
er City of Shelton was unable to es
cape because the dog, excited by the
bla^e, stood guard at the entrance and
prevented' the child getting out.
The lad» secured matches in some
way and went into the dog kennel to
play with them where his mother
could not stop him. The excelsior
which had been placed there as a bed
for the dog caught .fire and the hound
sprang to the door of the kennel bark
ing furiously. When the little fellow
attempted to crawl out the dog snap
ped and. bit- at him and the frightened
child drew back. In another Instant
the flames flared all around him and
although the blaze lasted only a few
seconds the child was' dead before the
terrified mother could reach the spot.
HOW ROYAL CHRISTMAS'
GIFTS ARE SELECTED
King Edward Inclines to 'Canes or
Tobacco Boxes, Alexandra to
Jeweled Trinkets.
. The -festive season is kept in royal
fashion at SandringhamAand all' the
old English traditions are scrupulously
adhered to. with perhaps a touch of •
the German sentimental feeling, which ;
makes the Christmas tree as much a '■
part of the festival 'as plum pudding >
and roast beef are here. :
The ceremony of receiving the Christ- ■
mas presents at Sandrlngham is a most i
elaborate one. All the gifts, with la- "
bels and' inscriptions,' are" lard out on i
tables in one of the sitting rooms, and j
the gifts of each person generally oc- i
cupy a whole table. - I
The King is a great present giver
and really enjoys choosing gifts for his
friends, nor does he shirk -the personal
trouble of making each one appropriate
to its recipient. Jewelry is his- most
frequent choice, but he also gives snuff
boxes, cigar boxes and walking, sticks. :
His Majesty sends few Christmas cards,
as he prefers writing little notes of
greeting, which are' naturally most,
highly valued. . '; : "':Vr •'.'"* ;
• The Queen ■ has a certain. . num- ;
ber of "private" Christmas cards print- :
ed for her friends, but her Majesty, like
the King, sends notes and little gifts (
to her personal friends In preference to
the more hackneyed and less compli- ;
mentary form of greeting. Last Christ- j
mas she -sent a great many jeweled
brooches and trinkets, while some spe
cially favored individuals • received j
photographs taken by the Queen, most
daintily mounted and with ; the ropal j
monogram ("A" surmounted by r a .
crown) on the frame. •
Neither the Queen nor the Princess of j
Wales often go to the shops, but order
selections of all the 'novelties to be sent
them! Princess Louise (Duchess of Ar-1
gyll), 'the Duchess of Connaught and j
the daughters of the King go to the.
shops themselves and make their unob- j
trusive purchases with other people. j
: The late Queen gave much more "use- i
ful" presents than is the fashion with I
the royal 'family to-day, often sending
dress lengths of tartan, velvet, plaids
and sometimes. Cairngorms and other
Scotch jewelry. Queen Victoria herself
probably received more gifts'during her
life/than any other living person, and
the actual"; value must have amounted
to; quite a million pounds sterling.
Apropos of royal presents it is inter
esting to know that whatever other
gifts the King and Queen give their
daughters each year as their birthday
anniversaries come round : the Prin
cesses receive an exquisite pearl, as
perfect, in shape and color as can be
obtained. This delightful custom began
■when/each was a child, so that by the ;
time they were grown up they; were J
each the fortunate possessors of a love- I
ly chain of fine pearls.— London Mail. J
Are Women Really Stingy?'
Are women v meaner . in giving than !
men ? It cannot : rightly • be ■ urged that
they are. Worrien.s after all, in
or. in giving.p.re commonly making use
of. mdney/ thatgothers have earned.
They have ; been , trustees of other peo-
» pie's . moriey /f6r ',2000 ;; years, and , long
use has made them careful ' of their
trust. .Ot : course;*' the petty mean
nesses of a certain kind of women have
afforded infinite opportunities for men's
jests'.': and contempt," but -those petty
P meannesses are nothing in - comparison
'with the " great meannesses of really
'sordid. men.~The " Spectator. •:
. . GIBRALTAR?.' J»- ;; 31.— The United States
torpedo-boat flotilla, escorted by • the . auxiliary
cruiser; Buffalo, "left here -to-dav for 'Algiers on
it?. way; to: Manila and. will probably reach Al
fcierk; to-morrow afternoon. ■
ADVEETISEMENTS. " .___"__ '
Uncle Sam
Has Dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets* Are a Positive
and Permanent Cure for the
National Disease.
As a people we eat too much and the stomach weakens and impoverishes the
wrong kind of food. Because it tastes system, making it easy for disease to
good we crowd the stomach with rich. 5 a *? ?iP othol '?- # ,,.„ b t , ln #v
unnutritious food and drink.- We over- a,^^,"!?^^- 0^^*!?^
tax the digestive apparatus to such an and nervous system so Ions as the digea-
! extent that it refuses to perform lta duty tion is good and the stomach able to as-
and a conglomerate mass of half- similate plenty of wholesome food. _
chewed, undigested material lies in the Thousands have s6me form of stomaeli
stomach until it rots, causing the forma- trouble and do not know . it. They aa-
' tion of acids, gases and ptomaines which cribe the headache, the langor. nervous-
produce the painful condition which we ness, insomnia, papttation. constipation
know as dyspepsia. . and similar symptoms to some oth*r
! • • cause than the true one. Get your dt-
! • '!:--'- "' gestion on the right track and the heart
«rt55vSfiw trouble, lung trouble, liver disease or
fvfc"iV,f3«V nervous debility will rapidly disappear.
- . * M^K'Sa&Scik Nothing is more certain than that the
£2^ •^"^fSRr use °^ so-called tonics, stimulants and
iW'S&fcsFW medicines, which depend upon alcohol
MO 3 Jo/lr for thelr effect ' ls injurious to health in
CJ-lf ' >. iJsLSmi Many liquid patent medicines derive
N^apS^^^L*/ their effect entirely . from the alcohol
/•^ffSkSftSi^i Alcohol arid medicines containing it
J//vjBp-*&iV \XiSr\ are temporary stimulants and not in any
&W E2\¥S c JJnwt*r sense a true tonic. In fact, it ia doubt-
~&!r*Q&^W-M$§*4 ful if any metliclne or dru s I s a rcal
. . jr- ?'7Tiy^52£$7i*&^. A trne tonic ls something: which will
J f lW: : 3f7 : W^M^P m k renew, replenish, build up the exhausted
1 / II Mrr -«'"2 ZJZfiQ'JB nervous system and wasted tissues of
* r'A I It I /li&r ys^J&tei Q* tne b °dy; something that will enrich the
ti a )¥l///ffl-Y#'/Jm$&a<{§ Mood and endow it with the proper pm-
il $ Ytr//i/'&>*A&mrBttL portions' of red and white corpuscles.
HI A /wEifAv!l 'SGrlmWi nB which prevent or destroy disease germs.
v// y^/m.W^/J^Jj^^S^' x Wi This ls what a real tonic should do and
'ill /K/P&xf wJStttW'&BMliK-' PS no drug or alcoholic stimulant will do It.
' H<1 * 7r W : '^K ;i ?*4&%B!i 8 '•-$&■ Tho only true tonic in nature-Is wliole-
iak& \Y--'*J%£ £&SbEI* P-ifS- some f0Ofi thoroughly digested. Every
'7>\^ 1/ J?'1jf%-&&&r\\$\ -ra particle of nervous energy. <-v*ry minute
'4n&M I A^TOTr vl/i'W muscle, ttber and drop of blood is cre-
<^T« v I/^s5&''53nL < l^a»3§ ated daily from the. food we digest.
k V 7 ]i r^^ n t0^wt <yrfl The m fcre eating of food has little to
JWlk/^^"^ r:^*gHg3?Tt^>^g do with the repair of waste tl3sue. nut
\ m \i LUlrfWg ff J^Z&».';^Z«5» the perfect diseation of the food eaten
INJBi aUSBB H SITlt^iS^^r has everything to do with it.
JfiinS 1 'Is 8 lit WafcdS$&&Sr '^he reason so few people have perfect
■aiJA ttSs I S 3 3 isW»®^ digestion 13 because from wrong habits
£ S. ? i«M VBBBrtfi llfsVa of living the stomach has gradually lost
{ 'tS^UMai aisles the power to secrete the gastric juice.
' l3??Si BMll^SlBaSi^ peptones and acids in sufficient quantity.
: f 1 iH vLBmI i al Sy^H To cure indigestion and stomach trou-
.■* 2 iiMll ViRVa» MBtfSS^fflf bles il ls necessary to take after meals
? • 1 V*?l nNiaVi B 1 ll«SB some harmless preparation which will
■ ' 3 ivA llfiU aSfi^lOT supply the natural peptone and diastase
• I ttflVj'iSii SIGmH which every weak stomach lacks, ami
1 1 f£«\af|nB »Bm8^^ probably the best preparation of this
' • \ 55^itaRB WfflEraJSli character is Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
\ivKc4ftHsil H $£aS&iSF&L which may be found in every drug store
ifcA?%ABBn» S BlSiS^^k. and which contain in pleasant, palatable
\y 'xSiKfiafi 3 SS^^^Sw'S. form thrf wholesome peptone and d;as-
i /^3nEif » lW^WSa3*iB> tase which nature requires for prompt
% .••'illy 8 ill S HM ' One or* two of these excellent tablets
I A ij\laBMBHfl« s .VI taken after meals will prevent souring.
Ifiix I iS-HSfflSef 1 i '■ ' \ fermentation and acidity and insure com-
S^iilllflflf* 1 \\ * \ I P lete digestion and assimilation.
W& \\ B BlSg ■/■» f i i | Ifl Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets are as
'AS yf*H S» I \ i M equally valuable for little children aa for
MSB * fililSa * J J adulta. as they contain nothing harmful
// ¥J laVSl^a - '* Jfittf or s^mulatln?r, but only the natural di-
$&/( slMEtf ' /BpW ° One of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
f&S SbKMB» I '-ifffuW digest 1800 grains of meat, eggs or other
r^ lallalali \!ff*l wholesome food, and they are in every
aHliBni?> Vi ?er.se a genuine tonic b*«-ause they bring
a sIsllaB' h about In the only natural way a restora-
inllEinS'l V tive of nerve power, a building up of
'1 8 IB |i| j ' ? ost tissue and appetite, in the only way
digestive elements contained in Stuart'3
■.. jL . . . pive the overworked stomach a chance
' . - m .VfffifSPilp^l' m\ to recurorate. and the nerves and whole
system receive the nourishment which
gWrf can only come from fo<>d; stimulants and
gaggyy £^SwSB nerve tonics never give real strength,
S^SfSf -, . they give a fictitious strength, invaria-
•^•^7- 2SHK- ■ •■ bly" followed by reaction. . E>ery drop of
T*^>iVJiT|iffy blood, every nerve and tissue is manu-
i""'*^*^ factured from our daily food. ar..i if you
"■■ . can Insure its prompt action and com-
For business men. office men and plete dig-estion by the regular ase of so
clerks, and in fact every one engaged good and - wholesome a remedy as
in sedentary or indoor occupations. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, you will
grains, milk and vegetables/with a mod- have n<* need of nerve tonics and sani-
erate meat ' allowance, are, much more tariums.
healthful than a heavy meat diet. Although Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets
Only men engaged in severe outdoor ha>e. been in the. market only a few
manual labor can live on a heavy meat years, yet probably every druggist in the
diet and continue in health. United States. Canada and Great Britain
It is a well-established truth that nine- now sells them and considers them ths
tenths of all diseases originate with a most pdpular and successful of any-prep-
breaking down of the digestion. A weak aratlon for stomach trouble.
AP-VXBTISEMEICTS.
' f>:i'£:'i tf -• ■}■ PBINTINO : : ;
y-S&s \ "-7 AWX>
47l fyT^ Is. my pet specialty. I
yii» 1 V /\ ' have set the pace on
7 '- B lf/l low Prices on this sort
7 \,l m V *l ot work and r have es-
ww^7 B \ tablished a standard of
flM/r {SERB jgg excellence In It which
'r »'/ ■ ' 1 gives It special value.
V I V Here are a few ot my
It m A prices:
" DEVELOPING:
1.17 J J Roll of six 10e
:;•,.■( Jnj: Roll of twelve 15c
/ /III nuarriKO:
sJJIL.— Solio finish 3c to 5*
« I I TT Velox finish.. 3c to «c
™'n (~\ I carry In stock all
sizes of films for ko-
daks. Size I%x2%. «
exposures, 15c; 12 exposures, 25c; size 2%x,
3V« « exoosnres. 20c; 12 exposures, 40c;
sire 2%-xiV*. 8 exposures, 25c; 12 exposures,
60c; size »Vix4U. 6 exposures, 35c; 12 ex-
posures, 70c. Other sizes at equally low
prices.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS,
The Stationer,
JOOS MARKET ST.. Above PoweU.
' San Francisco. :
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
primer's . Wonderful . Medicine,
or your moriey returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale'byall dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
BAD WAY'S EEADY S£ZOSF has stood
unrivaled -before ibe uublit tor Su years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Bror>-
chltls, ■ Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia. .
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All drusslsu.
OCEAg TBATIL.
' , Steamers leave Baa Fraou
/ciV^"^^. dsco as follo-tra:
Aril. X^V j • For .Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
/oV "SJS5SBI \-*\ Juneau, Hotnes, Skaguay,
I I vOfa I I «tc.. Alaska— 11 a. uv. Feb.
I I \«8Mea/./ 5. 10. 15. 20. 25, Mar. 1.
\#\ \\ ' /fit Changs to company's steam-
vyyy -^»jT - era at Seattle. ■ ,'
>5£»SW5^ . For Victoria. : Vaneouver.
, _ . : Port Townsend. Seattle, .Ta-
coma. Everett. tVhatcom — 11 a. ra.. Feb., 5.
JO. 13, 20. 25. Mar. 1- Change at Seattla t«
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at S«attl« or Taeoma to N. P. By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ; • •
For Eureka (Humboidt Bay) — Pomona, 1:3»
p. m. Feb. 4. 10. 18, 12, 28. Mar. 8i Corona,
1:30 p. m.. Feb. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. Mar: 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los-Aagelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa Sundays. 9 a. m. /'.' '
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura ' and Hueneme. 4
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 5, 13. 21, 2». Mar. 8.
Bontta. O a. m.. Fete. 9, IT. 25, March 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Saa Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. in.,. 7th each
month • For rurther Information obtain fold*r.
Right l» reserved to change steamer* or «all-
n^plCKJlT OFTICSS-4 New ' MontKom-
erv st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at.' and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10- Market it.
C D- DUNANN, General Pamenger Agent,
' 10 Market street. San Francisco. '
Th# Pacific Transfer Co.. 2» Sutter St..
will call for and check baggage from Jjo**l»
an d residences. Telephone. E*cnang» alZ.
O. R. & IV. CO*
Owgon sails Jan. 28. Feb. 7. IT. 27. March
9 19 and 29. S. S. Oregon 1* temoorarlly ia
service Instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder nalto Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22. March _*.
14 and 24. Only steamship, line to PORT-
riSD OR.. *nd short rail line from Portland
to all cotnt» East. Throuarh ticket, to
points, all rail or steamship and rail. it^Ow.
EST RATEF. Steamer tlckota Include berth
ami meal*. Steamer nito foot of *£*'«•£*
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pas». 1>W..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CXIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery- at. - ■
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA.
CORIENTAL STEAMSinP CO.>i:- 2
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
t>.> ..«.•« M.mti at 1 d. m., for iokuhajIA
a^dHcngffi cmHJnV «t Kob. (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and rShanihii. and connectlnr at- Hoag-
tei«ltl»rt«wt« for India., etc. No cargo
received on beard th« day ot sailing. v
via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates For freight and passage apply at Com-
cany's office. 421 Market str?#t. - corner First,
panjrs °""- w H A veRY. General Agent.
Occanics.s.co. ssssff^s
s. S MARIPOSA. for Tf.hltt, Febr.ll. li aVra.
5* S ' VENTURA, for Honolulu; Samoa,' Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 1 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.m.
4J.' a ?KCmS&g23S.H. l i3tl..nMil&t;S4Slartta
. tw»llfflHLlII eartat «Uftrli.7,htffl8tl
C0HPAS5IS GESEaALl! TE AN3AT 'ukStli 1 1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVHE-PARIS. jl^-
Sallinj? every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
Kcrth River, f cot of Morton at. : ' -.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S?c<
end class to Havre. .145 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUOAZr ft CO.. Pacific Cc&st
Agent*. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Rallrr^rt Ticket Agents.
Maro IikaJ >aa .Tallelo gtetmtit,
steam'fr OKN. FKISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:4.'. a. m..':i:13 and »:'M p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 9.4S a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Valltjo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 an.l 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday, dun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. TeL
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlssion-at. dock. HATCH
BROS.BUFFALO BILL'S
DAUGHTER DIES
Appendicitis Suddenly Ends
the Life of the Woman
After Her Honeymoon Trip
SAD CLOSE OF ROMANCE
Interesting Wedding in Denver
on New Year's Day Recalled,
by Spokane Hospital Case
S=r»cia! D!*r»t<"h to Th e C* 11
SPOKANE. Jan. 31.— Mrs. Charles W.
Thorp, daughter of Will jam F. Cody,
died at a Spokane hospital this morn-
Ing. Her death was due to the shock
of an operation for appendicitis and
complications. Dr. and Mrs. Thorp
had been residents of Spokane only a
couple of weeks, coming Jiere after their
honeymoon trip following their wed
ding at Denver on New Year's day.
The wedding of Mrs. Arta Cody Boal
and Dr. Thorp was the culmination of
a romance of several years' standing
and was kept secret for several days
owing to the opposition of "Buffalo
Bill." who did not fancy an army sur-
Feon for a son-in-law. Though the
wedding was performed at Denver
Kew Year's day. the Denver papers did
not discover the fart until five days
later, when the couple had left for the
Northwest. Ci':~ .
Dr. Thorp first met his wife
vhen she was the wife of H.
H. Bcal, a wealthy resident of
Chicago. Boal's stepmother was
e daughter cf Dr. Ayres and on
l-,er d?ath Inherited a fortune of J4.000,
000. Abcut three years ago Boal was
thrown from a horsr. sustaining: in
juries which caused frequent fits of
melancholia. During one of these fits
he committed suicide. During the
Fpanish-American War Dr. Thorp was
f tationed in the Philippines as an army
surgron and until recently was doinif
po*t duty in the West. He resigned to
establish a practice here. ; '.• -..-■•
Boy and a Woman )Iis«ing.
Jn?*ph Troja, S2T Turk street, re
ported to the oolice yesterday that his
rtepson. Joseph Trojau 16 ye-rs of age.
had run awav from home on Saturday
morning and he was anxious to have
him located. Miss Mary Morris. 819
Have? street, reported that her sister
Cora had been missing since Saturday
r.-g-ht at 6 o'clock. She is 28 years
of aije. is \~ery slim, has brown hair
nrsd wore p. black dress and black hat.
Fh«? had befn «ick for pome time.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VASELISE HO GOOD FOB HAIR.
Dan&rusr Geres Thrive in It. at Well at
is. All Grease.
A ■well -known Chicago hair -specialist
ir.vit*><3 the Int*»r Ocean reporter to come
to his offlc*> and se<>. under a microscope,
liow th<^ perm that causes dandruff
thrives in va«!clin». The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
prease simply furnish food for th«? germs
pr.d help to propagate them. The only
■ray to cure dandruff is to destroy the
perms, and the only hair preparation
i.hat •srill <3o that is N'ewbro's Herpicide.
••r>*»«;trcy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Without dandruff, no falling: hair.
no baldness. Ask for Herpicfde. It is the
nnlr destroyer of the dandTuff germ. Sold
by I<»adir!|r drurgist*. Send 10c in stamps
T<>r sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit,
Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
SifcTiatTira of C&t/jfAZ&U&f
BEERS
?h» Hlehest Prtc'«id fcttt
tb»-Btat Quality.
*0LD £VE*YWHErVt.
HILEERT SfEltCANTTLK CO,
. Pacific Oout Acwats.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat A
ifUJSEUM OF AHITOHY^
T Hf "■** L»ff **♦ Autamic&l Kaftn ia tkc
• tgnSfJ <«!«»Mlll«l7»«r^hyIk..;c!;l"
© rSjSLX bpeel»!ut •* tke Out. En. ?t r ttr%. < 1
A I vjtf | BR. JCRBAN-D!SEASES CF MEN 6
X 1 fSEr^a C«M»ll«tJe« fret tnd stri-tly prtT»rr
D I YjVi H T '" tmsrl s*™«bi: r «* by .rn.r. a A
T t W Q If F***** Cwt ia t*tzj cat* ca4m*kn. V
Ami IA *r:f f»r »-»k. r«jL««or»v.r A
f I J PI BlllltiCI!, MAILED TrZU, (XT
A Q «L nlaWc »nk (or airs) v
9 on. JoBDin A to* i55i 9torketat.fi F. ¥
Dr. PIERCES
GOBIDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.tlVER.LUNGS.
sJ&B&Z&xU MENAHDWQMEH.
«5fayxUK"SBa Ct»BI« «fornnBatnr«i
>Sfif t x u t <^t».Y3 d:tch»rici.is«»niic*tiea«.
BjgB& GbituimC KB lrriUtloBi or nlcmtlcM
jfr*l cm t« «trtcur«. "■ «f sane em menbriLtt.
r" r»»»»* r«t«ri«. faii'.tti, end aot titrin.
irZZjZVlixinZ'lVClltl. ftBt cr »oi»o»om.
FSSV CJ«amTi.« RgSB mmlt fcy Dr«rrUi*
HsPglW t-fc-A. Z$X£* cr ttat lo pUI» *rra»r«r.
AH^^fiV by tzrtMl, prepaid, tot
K&UUrJnB fl.*». «r » bottles tJ.7».
* CircaU* MBt en twrt.
C^ J
Schilling's Best is the most
perfect ginger-root ground
very fine indeed. We know
of only one other grinder pro-
fessing such quality; don't
know whether he gets it or
not: never saw his ginger.
•Your grocer's; money back.
MANY INJURED
IN A WRECK
Missouri Pacific Train Is De
railed in Kansas and the
Coaches Are Badlv Shattered
ONE PASSENGER IS KILLED
Engine and Rear Pullman Re
main on the Track-Accident
Caused by a Broken Rail
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan. 31.— The
Colorado flyer on the Missouri Pacific
Railway that left Denver Saturday af
ternoon for Kansas City was derailed
near Miller. Kans., to-day while run
ning at the rate of forty miles an hour.
The engine and the rear car. a Pullman,
alone remained upripht on the track.
The baggage car. mail car, smoker and
a chair car were thrown into- the ditch,
turning over and were badly shattered.
One person was killed and thirteen in
jured, one seriously. The dead:
W. L. BROWN, passenger. Ransom,
Kans.
The injured: Mrs. E^. J. Shouse.
Shields, Kans., leg broken, internal in
juries, serious: E. J. Shouse, Shields,
Kans., badly bruised and cut; P. P.
Gray. Denver, slightly bruised and cut;
Frank Patrick, Topeka, bruised about
body and legs; William L. Schubert.
Sl. Louis, head hurt; Miss Ora Love
lace, Altamount. Iowa, scalds cm legs:
W. C. Doan. St. Louis, body bruised and
wrist sprained; Thomas A. Fulton.
Kansas City, back sprained; H. J.
Makato, Chicago, neck and back
sprained;. W. S. Sanford. Kansas City,
mail clerk, jaw broken; J. D. Hays,
White Plains, Ga., bruiied and cut;
Alex Punton, Munhall, Pa., scalp
wounds; James Lewis, Fittsburgt Pa.,
bruised.
Mr. and Mrs. Shouse and Patrick
and Sanford were brought to Kansas
City, where all except Patrick were
taken to hospitals. Patrick, whose in
juries were slight, left to-night for Chi
cago. The other injured were brought
part way to Kansas City, leaving for
their various destinations at different
points along the line between Miller
and here. •
The wreck* was caused by the snap
ping of a rail, due evidently to the
sever^ cold weather ot the past week.
Physicians reached th« scene promptly
and a relief train was hurried from
Osawatomte, starting East with the in
jured during tte afternoon. Mrs.
Shouse, the most sc-riously hurt, was
seated with her husba:id in the front
end of the chair car when the wreck
occurred. Most of the injured were in
the smoking car, which was completely
wrecked.
Mr. and Mrs. Shouse were on their
way to Braymer, Mo., to attend the
funeral of Mrs. Shouse'n sister.
At the time of the accident the train
was two hours late and making up
time. It had no orders to stop ai
Miller and went by at full speed, being
derailed on the outskirts of the town.
The engine and tender passed over the
defective rail in safety. The front
trucks of the mail car jumped th<?
track and crashed into^a freight car
on a siding:. The' 'b'asgake car follow
ing pushed the rnail car at right an
gles across the track and both cars
served to block the smoker. The chair
car following the- r smeker partially
telescoped the smoker^and the latter
was rendered into kindling wood. The
Pullman remained on the track, and
aside from a severe shaking up the
passengers in that car were unin
jured.
SEGREGATION OF SEXES
PROMOTES KNOWLEDGE
Experiment In Chicago University
Makes Opponents for Co- ■
Education.
CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— According to a
report submitted^by Dean George E.
Vincent to President Harper of the
University of Chicago, the experiment
of segregating the sexes in the junior
college work during the past year has
been a success. Dean Vincent in his
report says:
"Unofficially various instructors who
have taught the classes exclusively for
men or women have told me that from
their experience they believe'segrega
tion is going to work out as an educa
tional and social success. One inter
esting feature of the situation is that
several of the instructors who were
radically opposed to segregation now
say that their experience leads them
to favor it heartily."
"The girls and boys do not have any
chance to look at one another and be
distracted in their classroom work,"
said Professor Chandler, who has
taught segregated Latin classes. "I
favored co-education and voted against
segregation, but I must say that as a
result of the year's impressions I am
now convinced that segregation is bet
ter. In my classes there has been bet
ter concentration and the students
have accomplished more than before
segregation."
STEAMERS COLLIDE
"." BROAD DAYLIGHT
Liner Boston City Is Struck by Colo
rado and Badly Injured in New
York Harbor.
XEW YORK,- Jan. 31. — The Wilson
steamship Colorado. Captain Cox, frofn
Hull, while proceeding up the lower
bay to-day and while . rounding the
southwest cplt, carne In collision with
the outward bound Bristol City lin*
steamer Boston City, Captain Carey,
from New York for Bristol and Swan
sea. A large hole was torn in the port
6!de forward in the Boston City's
bridge and her bridge was smashed.
She began to fill rapidly and was run
into shallow water to prevent her sink-
Ing. The weather was clear.
Later in the afternoon the Boston
City floated with the rising tide, only
to drift to the west side of southwest
epit and ground again. The Colorado,
after the accident, stood by and took
off some of the crew of the Boston
City and then proceeded to her dock.
The Colorado suffered but slightly.
When the accident occurred both
ships were running slowly.
SOX OF SWITZERLAND'S w
PRESIDENT A SUICIDE
Arnold Comtrssc- .Sho~* : Himself
After a Call at the Home of
a Woman.
DIJON. France. Jan. 31. — Arnold
Comtesse, son of- • the President of
Switzerland, committed suicide here
last Thursday by shooting.
. Comtesse. who had been living: here,
recently drove out on Thursday to pay
a visit to a woman of hl3 aonuaint
ance. Upon being Informed! that, she
was not in. he re-entered his carriage
and shot himself in the "mouth with
a reviver, the bullet penetrating his
brain. He was taken to a hospital,
where he died at midnight.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1904.
HERBERT GEORGE ON AIM
OF CITIZENS' ALLIANCE
Says Organization Is Based Exactly Upon! Princi
ples Essential to Labor Unions and Will Become
Great Body Whose Wishes Must Be Respected
PROMINENT ECONOMIST WHO SAYS CITIZENS* ALLIANCE IS.
BASED UPON PRINCIPLES ESSENTIAL TO LABOR UNIONS AND
WILL BECOME GREAT BODY. WHICH MUST BE RESPECTED.
Herbert George, -a Colorado business
man, Is in the city. He has been large
ly interested in promoting the organ
ization of the Cltizens'«A-liance and de
clares that very soon,:the alliance .will
have 40,000 members in San .Francisco.'
and that organization will* be perfected
in the next feu- months in .every large
town and city in California. .The pres
ent membership of the alliance in San
Francisco, he. says, is. 16.000. Mr.
George is the owner "of the Union Min
ing and Fluxing Company of Color
ado, Wyoming and Utah, in all three
of which States it.Jias quarries end
plants. In an Interview with The
Call he said: v.;
As a business man I have seen the neces
sity for the alliance, of which I urn * mra
her. It is organized exactly oil the lines of
the labor unions. It is made»up of workers in
every !ine of industry, of business and of all
the professions. It has as much ricbt to ex
ist as the labor unions and the labor unions
have as much Hght to exist as any church.
Labor unions have elevated tIJ* caufce of labor,
and the Citizens'. Alliance, a union of citizens,
will as surely efevate* the cause of our citi
zens. Th<» alliance has Its membership cards —
it takes unitM action: It will be an organiza
tion of national scop* first and of International
scope after awhile. ,
The American Federation of Labor has more
than 100.000 men working on yearly sa.!arira
who do nothing else but ftalk up and down
the ler.gth and breadth of this land, organiz
ing unions and pr-paring for conflict. This
ereat labor organization is retting all Its cash
from the labor unionists who are earning
wages and meeting these cash donations or
due? by securing higher prices for labor. a'hPre
Is no man who will deny that the Citizens'
Alliance can do the same. When the alliance
Is organized from the Atlantic to the Pacific
and from the Gulf to the Lakes with citizens'
unions that represent the brains, enterprise
and money of this nation It can have 1CO.0OO
men In the field organizing, juit the game as
the labor unions do.
ASKS SO3IE QUESTIONS.
Is It not possible for the citizen's union to
resort to the methods of the labor unions to
raise funds, through the addition of a p*r
ccntage to cover the cost oi th%> work. Just as
business men figure a percentage for Insurance
against fire and other losses? Of course that
can be done.
The citizens' union Is Just as good a union
as the labor union. If the labor unions had
been always reasonable they would never have
forced the citizens to form a union of their
own. Citizens generally were. not permitted to
Join the labor unions. Being Imbued with the
«plrit of unionism, what was there for us to
LAND BRINGS
A BIG PRICE
Seattle Property, Which AVas
Bought at a Small Figure,
N Disposed Of for Thousands
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE, Jan. 31.— The highest
price per front foot ever paid for Seat
tle property was given up when the
American^Savimrs ■ Bank and Trust
Company of San Francisco. Butte and
Seattle capitalists paid $2666 66 a front
foot for a lot at the corner of Second
avenue and Madison street.
Samuel Frauenthal, the grantor,
bought the property In 1875 for $900.
Yesterday he received $160,000 for It.
The bank people have already drawn
plans for a building, of which six
stories will be put up after May 1.
when the present leases expire and
which will ultimately be increased to
fourteen stories. The bank. at present
is in a one-story brick structure on the
opposite corner.
James A. Murray of Butte is presi
dent of the concern and Robert J.
Tobln. treasurer of the Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Company of San Fran
cisco, Is one of the* directors.
"How to Use Gas" is the title of a
little book that should be read by. all
gas consumers. The difficulties some
times experienced can be readily cor
rected by a little knowledge easily ob
tained from this book. Free at S. F. Gas
und Electric Co.. 415 Po3t street. •
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Business on. the Stock
Exchange last week* was very restricted ex
cept in Americans, where there was again nota
ble activitr. the bond • purchases being. on an
especially large scale.,.:,.
RERUN. Jan. 31 — Count Zephelln has begun
the ct>nf traction of a new airship. His call
for financial assistance brought subscriptions
amounting to 1112. COO. ■
do but to start a union of our own? Wo have
pot Just as rood a. union card as they carry.
We realize that our union ha* as good a right
to be on the earth as the labor unions have.
V> are constructed on the ;em: lines exactly
and the labor unions cannot find fault with us.
for we are r.ot oppcpin? unionism.
The only way to kill th«> clti*«ns' union Is
for the labor union? to ask us to surrender
our charter and join with them. As we go
along and add more names to our big member
ship list ■ the time will come when politicians
In the Legislature and in the City Hall will
look wise when labor unions come along and
ask for unreasonable concessions in the way
of legislation, and they will think twice before
acting hastily, for it will be realized that the
citizen*' vote is as great. If not greater, than
the labor union vote. .
STRENGTH AT POLLS.
It Is not- a Rom! thing- tn have ton much
power. Very few perfonw-'and.very- few' asso
ciations* know how to u?e power to the best
advantage. Abraham L4ncoln was *a great
man and a powerful -roan, but he always ex
erclged his power in. the direction of justice.
If labor unions exercised thMr power abso
lutely for Justice, there would be no- occasion
for the citizens to get -.together and form a
union with a voting fore* that can offset them
at the ballot box.
We all labor. The man who stand* at his
! desk and wields a pen labors as hard as the
man who shov»!s In the trench and. as a
rule, does not live as long. We all have our
> duties and the man who works at a latha for
eight hours and earn-j S '. a day performs his
duty like a man when he realizes that bis
employer is entitled to a fair day's work for
a fair day's pay. The world Is full of mechan
ics who recognize that an employer has no
light to enslave them with a contract, nor has
Whe mechanic any richtto enslave his em
ployer with a contract. Th» mechanic realizes
that when/he gives up hls'Job it no longer be
long* to him. but to the man who is willing
to work In the place that he has vacated. This
stands for th» constitutional rights of Ameri
can citizenship. Because the lar.i* unions
deny this principle citii-ns* unions are being
formed all ever the United States for the pur
pose of protecting American citizens in their
right*.
* REASONS THE MATTER.
Many « man can recall tho injustice of labor
unionists and realize that It la a mistake to
think of risking brains and money in a mael
strom of commercialism, with* no higher guar-»
antee of returns than strikes, boycott*, pick
ets and all those phases of violence thai spring
from r mistaken understanding of civilization
and all It Is striving to accomplish. Le»s
than a year *go public sympathy stood with
th<? labor unions, but public sympathy to-day
Is largely against teem.
The better class of labor unionists realize
that the time is at hana when tiiey must re
sort to strenuous measures to ke^p the vlolenl
class of unionism down If they hope to regain
the confidence and good will of the people.
WAGE SCHEDULE
IS IN DISPUTE
Miners and 3fine Operators
in Indianapolis Conference
May Fail to Agree on Terms
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 31.— Mine op
erators and miners here attending the
'joint wage conference spent the \ day
resting. The Joint wage scale commit
tee will meet to-morrow to begin active
discussion of the demands of the oper
ators and miners, which are widely
separated.
The present "conference is bel ;
watc .ed with keen Interest. It Is un
derstood the operators are more in
earnest about their demrnd >r a re
duction than ever before and that. they
I will fight for it. There is a feeling,
also, that the miners are firm in the
demand for their scale of a strictly
run-of-mine basis, :a flat differential
of 7 cents and a uniform wage for out
side employment. The battle has
scarcely begun. More or less Appre
hension Is being shown by both sides.
Should it' occur that > no scale can be
agreed upon, it will mean a great
strike : in the competitive field.
The coal companies' representatives
declare that unless there'is a reduction
in wages they cannot continue to op
erate at a profit: ' ,-
Jumps in Front of a Train.
- ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Jan. 31.- -
W. A. Blivens", who arrived ' some " days
ago en route to California "and regis
tered from Sioux City. Iowa, commit
ted suicide' to-day, by-leaping in front
of a switch- engine drawing a train
of cars. :The "engine and one • car
passed over - him.'; severing his: head
from his body. The . act was
nessed by a numher of the patrons of
a nearby hotel. f:, It ,ls. believed that
the man became suddenly insane.' . :--'-.•
GAELIC LEAGUE
CHANGES LAWS
Individual Branches Are Given
Direct Representation on the
State JExecutive Committee
OFFICERS ARE RE-ELECTED
Mission of Brother Hughes, Who
Is Raising Money to Send to
Ireland, Heartily Indorsed
At the annual convention of the
Gaelic League of the State of Califor
nia a Ions discussion took place as to
the advisability of changing the man
ner of electing delegates. It was finally
decided to allow, each branch In the
State one delegate of its own. choosing
as a representative on the State ex
ecutive committee.
Father Yorke presided at the meet
ing, which was opened with prayer In
Gaelic by Father Nugent, the league's
State chaplain. Following this the re
port of .the executive committee was
read. It showed^the league to be in a
prosperous condition financially and
recapitulated the work done during the
last year, mentioning among other
things the sending of the body of
Father; O'Growney to- Ireland for inter
ment. I
The report also criticized the apathy
of many Irishmen to L their native
tongue*. . Branches are "opened with
great- enthusiasm; but in time the at
tendance falls off and the work is all
left to a faithful few.
A resolution was adopted to the ef
fect that the league will always use its
utmost endeavors to restore to Ireland
her native tongue, but will have noth
ing to do with any movement that does
not intend ultimately to separate Eng
land from Ireland. , . '
After the adoption of the resolutions
a very pleasant diversion occurred,
when the secretary. Miss Francis X.
Barr, was, on behalf of O'Growney
branch, presented with a handsome
emblem of the order in appreciation of
her faithful services. Miss Barr in a
neat speecji thanked the members of
the league for the token. - : -s- ■ .
The work of. Brother Hughes, who Is
at present in this country Vaising funds
for the erection of a novitiate of Chris
tian Brothers at Clontarf, Ireland, was
heartily approved of. Brother Hughes
is about to leave "for the north and a
copy of the resolutions was presented
him to aid him in his work.
The former officers of the league were
re-elected as follows: Rev. Peter C.
Yorke. president: T. J. Mallott. vice
president; Miss F. X. Barr. recording
secretary; D. S. McCarthy, financial
secretary; G. J. Lowe, cqrresponding
secretary; Jeremiah Deasy, treasurer;
Rev. John Nugent, chaplain.
TAd* OF IMPORTING
® MEAT IS OPPOSED
Austrian Authorities 3Iay Call Upon
America for Products If Prices
Continue Exorbitant.
VIENNA. Jan. 31. — The efforts of
the Municipal Council to reduce the
price of meat to the people of Vienna
by securing the importation of Trans-
Atlantic meat products are meeting
very strong opposition from the Agra
rian interests. Associations of farm
ers and cattlemen and peasants*
unions throughout Austria, have ad
dressed telegrams of protest to the
Ministry of the Interior and the City
Council urging that irreparable dam
age would be done the agricultural
interests of the country if meat from
the other side of the Atlantic were
permitted. The butchers of Vienna
being oppose.! to the sale of foreign
meat, the Pork Butchers' Association
has taken up the matter and now an
nounce that the first shipment of Ar
gentine beef o Vienna will arrive" here
next Tuesday. It appears to be very
doubtful, however,' whether the Gov
ernment will permit this shipment to
be sold.
During the past, few days agents
of prominent American packing
houses have been investigating the
local situation, but they appear to
think that the present is not a favor
able * time to enter the Austrian
market.
Burkhold's Shortage $240,000.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 31.— The report of
experts who have been working on the
books of the Franklin Bank shows ex-
Cashier Henry Burkhold to have been
$240,000 short. Burkhold has given
President Kilgour power of attorney
to sell securities and close his /affairs,
and out of the $2,000,0^0 of .Burkhold's
holdings it is believed about *30,000 will
be left for his estate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE & CO.
STATIONERY '
Invitations lo weddings and
all other social occasions.
Marriage announcements.
Reception and visiting cards.
Correspondence papers em-
bellished with monograms,
crests, et cetera.
POST & MARKET STREETS
..'•.- j •■■■--.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|SA GREAT r.ESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor Rnd Nervine."
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orleans, for both nexes. .
The, Mexican 'Remwlies for Dis:ases of the
Kidneys and Bladder/ Sells on its own merits.
NABER ALFS & BRUNE. Apents.
323 Market *t.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
4Efe d HI A Ammunition. Hunting, and
IBB Kfli 1 Sporting Goods. Largest
|| | BeJi stock. Lowest prices. Send
iVa» ■ rcr catalogue.
U W I a %J EHREVE & BARBER CO..
"'" " " 73» Market St. and 5a
f: .;- . Kearny mu
ASTHMANOLA
Is . tho only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Drusglet or at S9S HAIGHT ST..
■•; San Francisco, . Cal.
V/JJ. T. HESS.
.*' Notary Public aad Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, rtoom 1015. Claus Spreckels bids.
- - • , Telephone.". Main .- 883. .
Rcsiaence,' 821 California - St.. - below Powell.
' Residence Teleubone James 1501,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MVNYON
FACTS
All the Countru RtDtjina
•With Praises of
pavFpaw
Stomach Troubles, Insomnia
and 'Nervousness
ARE BEING CURED
Ministers, Medical Men,
Thinkers and Workers En-
dorse This Marvelous
Vegetable Pepsin.
I HAVE presented my claims. I have
! told the public what I hotaestly think
of Paw Paw, I have given away more
than 12.000 bottles, here- in San Francis-
co. I have asked physicians and the
public to make a most thorough test, and
then report, at my expense, through, the
columns of the newspapers, the result of
their experience.
Now let the people who have tried this
remedy bear witness; let them tell the
truth. If It has cured them let them
say so. If It has helped them let them
say so. If it has done them no good let
them say so. I desire that the public
shall be the jury, and that truth shall sit
in judgment.
I claim it is a disgrace for a man to be
sick, ailing and complaining If he can be
cured. He owes It to himself, he owes it
to his family and he owes it to society to
set well.
If Paw Paw will cure dyspepsia and
all stomach troubles, then every sufferer
from this ailment is /morally bound to
. take It. If a person can't sleep, if a per-
son Is nervous, if he is weak and debili-
tated and he refuses' to take Paw Paw,
then he is entitled to no sympathy or
consideration. A thirsty man might as
well -refuse to drink water as for a man
to refuse to take Paw Paw who is suffer-
ing with dyspepsia and nervousness.
There is no doubt about the curative
qualities of the Paw Paw. Thousands
of people have testified that they have
been cured by it. You are bound to be-
lieve what these people say.
JIUXTOX.
President Roosevelt's Confi-
dential Messenger Recom-
mends Munyon's Paw Paw
;<.-•■' WHITE HOUSE.
Washington. D. C. Nov. 30, 1903.
Both my««!( and wife have used Munyon'*
Paw Paw. My wire waa a great sufferer with
Indigestion, .h^art and .kidney troubles, with
acute nervousness, and I with the natural re-
suits of age. combined with dyspepsia and in-
dlgestion. I purchased a bottle of Paw Paw.
and less than a dozen doses have, made me feel
strong and energetic, and has so rerulated my
digestion that I eat and sleep perfectly. My
wife has so far been greatly benefited by its
use, so that her troubles seem now to be en-
tirely over. It in certainly a wonderful rem-
edy. (Signed)
E. S. BECK1.EY.
Mr. Berkley has for 3^ years occupied
; his present position with ail the Presi-
dents from President Lincoln down and
Is , favorably known to Cabinet officers.
Senators, department officials. Congress-
men and citizens. His candid statement
as to the efficacy of Munyon's Paw Paw
i will excite a widespread interest In Paw
Paw which will lead to other sufferers
; being cured.
Druggists say that they have never
handled an article that sold. so well and
gave such universal satisfaction. If you
have dyspepsia or any stomach trouble,
if you can't sleep, if you are nervous, if
you lack strength and vitality. If you
are gloomy and despondent, get a bottle
of Paw Paw to-day and try it. Know the
; truth and join the great army of the
cured. MUNYON.
Munyon's Paw Paw.- large bottles, 51.
. Paw Paw Laxative . Pills, 25c per box.
At all druggists.
>?K IMPROVED f*^
i|\ Eyeglasses /U
and j^
0 Spectacles t]
V64J& *JlARKEjr:ST
A JITJ SEMEKT S.
EVERYTHING j ■ TO AK "
MUST COKE I EWD
AND THIS IS THE LAST WEEK OP
,.JHE BEAUTY SHOP.,.
Tour Last Chance to See This, the Best of
AH Musical Comedies.
NEW FEATURES TO-NIGHT.
......NOTICE......
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
: FOJ.Y"
The New and Original Musical Comedy NEXT
MONDAY. Chock Full of Bright Sonca.
Specialties. Sensations. Come
and See for Yourself.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NELLIE LYNCH'S First Appearance.
Racing !S|fii^> Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OU SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY 'CLUB.
;/ INGLES1DE TRACK
- . Commencing MONDAY. . February 1.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p.m. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Town3end streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after the last race. No smoklns in last two
cars, which are ' reserved for ladiea and their
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary
AMUSEMENTS,
GRANDS
ALL THIS WEEK-MATINEE SATURDAY
Jnle» Marry'* Big Scenic Prodnctlon
LOST RIVER
; Splendid Cast — HotsI and Startling Effects
; usual populak rxiciss.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
WEBER and FIELDS
TH£XX ALL-STAB COMPACT
1OO PERSONS 1OO
MOSTX.Y PBETTY OIKI.3
Direct from Xew York, by Special KeconJ-
Breaklns; Train
louis mask SrAISAIr
PBTEB P. DA1XET JCA1 JALL
JOHH T. KELLY H "* T***"'
XOSS AW3> rENTON Jiusi«:
and $2. S1.50. SI.
■WEXES and TZZLOS I 75c *nd 50e
OCT-OP-TOWH MAIL OSSE5S
Accompanied by money-order and addressed to
H. H. Campbell. Grand Opera-house, will b*>
filled In the order received.
sf*AI I IAADI A S-M rauiasca-s
VULUiflSlA LEADLIS THEXi^
// Uast |
4h?^* *A>* Interrtati?-.al
y^^ Musiral
W^^^ A* Comedy Triumph
, C J O^/ Nightly.
-^>^* Next Monday— LOUIS
JAMES and FREDER-
aJ^^ 1 ' ICK TVARDE IN
"ALEXANDER THE
GREAT."
A BOUNTEOUS BILL!
Monroe. Mack and Lawrence: 2 Sil-
vns; Stuart Barnes: Robertu5 and
Wilfredo; Corel n a and Maud: Daffy.
Saw t die and Duffy; Hoi Jen and
Florence; Orpheum Motion Pie^urw
and
JOHNNY AND EMMA RAY
Presenting "Ca*ey. tho ?lxtmu.*
Rernlar Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday asd Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25o
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
fS - TO-1TZOST IssW
AND AtL THIS WMI.
MR. EDWARD MORGAN -.1
IN HALL CAINE'S MASTERPIECE. I
THE ETERNAL CITY I
SPECIAL PRICES — $1 50. $1 (XX I
73c. 50c. 25c. . E
Matinee iirlces uma as for eventac 8
! performances. CURTAIN PROMPT- ft
LY AT 8. |{
SPECIAL SCAT. WEDNESDAY. U
B Next Sunday— MCKRAT AND MACK, fl
TIV0LT8SS&.
70V3TS WSSZ
OF TSB ITNPABALLELED STXC3ES5.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comic Op*ra by Stsa-
islaus Stanse and Julian Edwards.
SECVRE SEATS IN ADVANCE! .
MATINEE SATURDAT.
In Preparation— "TM QTPST BAabOXr."
Usual Popular Prices...' C3c. 30c and T3<^
Box Seats ! $1.00
ALCAZAR B 'H^"
- m General Manifr.
TO-NIGHT — HATS. BAT. AND ST73T.
First San Francisco Production
Of th» Delightful Romantic Comedy,
A COLONIAL
pi T1J T By ttm Anta °- '.
vj i n ij . • , . « Kr^ Jaci »
As Played by Virginia. Hamed and E. H.
Sathern.
Evgui I5c to 75c: Mat. Sat 4 Sun.. 23c to 5nc
MONDAY NEXT— The Furiously Fuaay
French Farcical Frivolity.
"THE GAT PARISIANS."
In Preparation— "PARSIFAL."
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 523.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Ths Moat Popular oT All Modern Drama*.
EAST LYNNE
A Play Universally Loved, with a Heart In-
terest Story that Stirs the Tender
Emotions and Touches the
Fountain of Tears.
All Central Favorites In the Cast.
DOirCC EVF.NINGS 10c to 5*j
Fait CD MATINEES 10c. We. 2So
Feb. S— "IN " jHT OS ST. PAUL'S."
MONTAGUE'S COCKATOO CXBCTTB
And a Great Show Xrery Afternoon and
Svenlnr in ths Heated Theater.
AMERICAN CHINESE AND PHILIPPINS
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HANNIBAL
The Untamable African Lion, In thejZoa.
AMATEUR WIGHT THTJBSDAT.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
•When rhonlng* A»k for "Th« Chntea. 1 .'
rdlaWV ie * the beautiful
* COURT Leungin<
a fl fl room, the EMPIRS
ailU PARLOR, th«
r - j PALM ROOM, th«
liniUfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim j LOR d la.
O j. I DIES' WRITING
DOtelS ROOM.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
GRIEF CAKES
WOMAN'S DEATH
Aged Wife Quickly Follows
Loved Husband to Unknown
Realms Beyond the Grave
WILL OCCUPY ONE TOMB
Children of Mr. and Mrs. Fry
Will Hold Double Funeral
Over the Remains of Parents
bakland Office Fan Francisco Call
111S Broadway. Jan. 31.
When thf> angol of death this morn
ing summoned the spirit of Mrs. Ann
Fry. who had reached the age of three
score and five years, she joined her hus
band. Elbcrt Lawrence Fry. who had
preceded her by just four days at the
age of 78 years. Eoth died at the fam
ily home. 1159 Seventh street. So strong
were? the love ties between the aged
couple that when the husband died the
ivife began to fail rapidly, and despite
the efforts of her < hildren and family
jihysician to rouse her from her deep
depression and grief, she answered the
summons from beyond the grave artd
joined the one who had been her life's
partner for more than a third of a cen-
TJie romance of love, which death
could not interrupt even for a brief pe
riod, had its beginning more than thir
ty years ago in New York City, where
ihe pair were united in marriage. They
•were among the many argonauts who
turned toward California in search of
fortune. They settled in Xapa: where
for many years they were esteemed
members of the community. As age
began to weigh them down they sought
for a more agreeable climate in which
to pass the- remainder of their days,
*nd located in Oakland, where they had
resided for the last three years.
Seven children survive the couple.
They are Mrs. Ida Kemaston, Mrs. Net
tie Howard, Mrs. Hattie Delaney and
George Lawrence, Frederick, Edward
and Bert Fry.
One of the married daughters resides
in New York. In response to a message
informing her of the death of her father
the started for this city and is expect
ed on Tuesday morning. She has not
yet been apprised of the death of her
mother.
According to the present arrange
ments a double funeral will ha held on
"Wednesday, when both husband and
wife will be interred in Mountain View
Cemetery in the family plat.
SOCIETY P*X>1»1.K GIVi:
A BENEFIT MIS1CALE
Promotion of Philanthropic Work in
St. John's Episcopal Church
Parisli Is Object Sought
OAKLAND. Jan. 31. — Society peo
ple are interested in the musk-ale
t»hich will be given Tuesday evening
a.t Reed Hall. Thirteenth and Harri
ton streets, for the benefit of the sick
and needy chapter of St. John's
Episcopal Church. The organization
is composed of ladies who have in
hand philanthropic work in the par
ish. Proceeds from the entertainment
•will go toward the chapter's treasury.
Patronesses of the musicale are
Mrs. J. C. Tucker. Mrs. P. L. Wheeler.
II rs. George H. Wheaton. Mrs. A. L..
White, Mr*. Frank L. Kendall. Mrs.
Edward Barry. Mr*. C. E. Farnham
and Mrs. Frederic Mason. These
ladies, with members of the chapter,
are actively interested in the success
of the entertainment. Mrs. Henry
Gonzales. Mis? Fiorrnte Jones. Mrs.
Beer, Mrs. Oliver, Miss Sterrett and
Miss Williams of St. John's Church
have the arrangements in hand. The
programme is as follows:
Recitation, Miss Mould; cornet solo.
Miss Elsie Cahill: vocal selection,
male quartet, accompanied by Mrs. A.
Moore; reading. Miss Hilmu Buttlar;
vocal solo. Mrs. Clara Stacy; imper
sonations, Kendall Fellows and George
Walker; selection, mandolin club; vo
cal solo, Mr. H. L. Perry, accompanied
by Mrs. A. Moore; musical specialties,
Mr. Tom GUmore.
Death of Pioucvi- itailrctad. Man.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31. — John Dono
van, father of the famous ballplayer
of that name and a pioneer of Oak
land, died last night t\t his residence.
1003 Third strict. Illness was from
organic trouble. The deceased Oak
lander was HO years old. For many
years he had beer/in the Southern Pa
cific Company's employ, a wife and
two sons. Jeremiah and John Dono
van, survive. The funeral will be held
Tuesday morning nt 10 o'clock from
the Chtir« h of the Immaculate Con
ception.
Burglar Itohs Trousers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 31.— D. S. Suther
land, an expressman, put on his trous
ers when he awoke this morning and
foond they were lighter by $S5 In gold.
A btfrglar hrifi his room at 170C
University avenue- In the night and ex
tracted the amount from his wallet. A
urange circumstance is that the thief
overlooked ?3 in silver and $10 in cur
rency. aJso in the wallet.
Accepts Call lo St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Jan. 31.— The Row E. L.
Parsons, rector of St. Matthew's Church
z.t San Mateo, h?* accepted the call of
the vestry of St. Mark's Church to oc
cupy the pulpit rnado vacant by the
resignation of the Rev. George E. Swan.
A call had already been extended to
him by a New Haven church, but he
has declined in favor of St. Mark's,
prfferrinis to remain in California.
Charges Petty Larceny
BERKELEY. Jan. SI.— Policeman
George TboinrtF^n arrested Charles Gil
l>ert, a clerk in Olsens grocery, on a
i ha i Re of petty larceny. The officer
caught Gilbert while he was walking
away with a sack of sugar. Gilbert
says he foupd the sugar on the slde
v.alk and was taking it to a place of
safety.
Bui*£lar Sccuits Jewelry.
OAKLAND. Jan. 31.— M. A. Cura
mings* residence, 1515 Twenty-third
» venue, was entered by a burglar to
right while the fftmily was absent at
church. Two watches and a gold ring
were stolen.
Young Girl Dies.
OAKLAND. Jan. 31.— -Margaret G.
de Woody, the 7-ycar-old daughter of
Mr. nnd Mrs. Fred R. de Woody, died
to-day at the family home, 2057 Ala
tneda avenue. The funeral arrange
ments have not yet been announced.
GREASE FLAMES
BURN A WOMAN
Plucky Housewife Is Painfully
Injured While Carrying Out
n Kettle Full of Blazing Fat
HANDS AND FACE SEARED
3Ir«:. C. S. Ha ml in Bravely Pre
vents Spreading' of Fire at
Residence in North Oakland
Oakland Office San Francisco Caii,
1113 Broadway" Jan. 31.
Mrs. C. S. Hamlin. residing at 3879
Gold street. North Oakland, was se
verely burned this afternoon by the
splashing of blazing grease from a ket
tle she was trying to remove from
where it had upset on a gasoline stove.
The flaming stuff caught Mrs. Hamlin
about the face and hands, causing in
tensely painful injuries, though for
tunately prompt attention to them
averted danger of serious results.
The mixture had been cooking over
the gasoline flame for some time. Mrs.
Hamlin was called away for a minute,
and during her absence the stuff slop
ped over and caught fire. When the
housewife returned she paw the flames.
Without hesitating the woman rushed
to the stove, grabbed the vessel and
ran into the yard with it. She was
thinking only of the danger to the
house. But before Mrs. Hamlin could
drop the kettle the greasy compound
had scattered her.
An alarm of fire was sounded from
box 327 at 5:30 o'clock, but before the
department apparatus arrived the
flames were out. There was no damage
done to the dwelliner.
TO BE HEARD
IN ORATORIO
St. Paul's Episcopal Church
Choir Plans a Series of Elab
orate ' Evening" Services.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 31.
Oratorios will be given Sunday even
ings regularly by the choir of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church. The plan as out
lined by Edwin D. Crandall, the choir
master, includes the selection of a com
position, the choruses and solos to be
sung during a series of evening ser
vices. Thp oratorios will be given as
a whole at the close of the season. The
male choir sang a number this after
noon* that was written by Arthur Fick
ensher. the organist of St. Paul's. This
was in a series of productic-ps of work
by local composers.
The Men's Study Club of the Eighth
avenue Methodist Church discussed
Christian science at its noon meeting
to-day.
Dr. George Smyth, Pacific Coast mis
sionary, will deliver an address Wed
nesday evening at the Eighth-avenue
Methodist Church on the missionary
outlook.
A reception to members was held this
morning at the Union-street Presby
terian Church. Communion was cele
brated by the pastor, the Rev. Dwight
E. Potter.
The Rev. Tilman Hobson. evangelist,
conducted services to-day at Centennial
Presbyterian Church.
Dr. John Coyle, presiding elder, offi
ciated this evening at Chester-street
Methodist Church at the sacrament of
the Holy Communlc-n.
The Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher,
who has accepted a call to the pastorate
of the First Baptist Church of Port
land. Ore., preached this evening at
the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church.
The Rev. Clifton Macon, rector of
Trinity Episcopal Church, gave an ad
dress this morning on the diocesan con
vention. „
The Rev. T. A. Beyer, pastor of the
Firet Christian Church, has begun a
series of sermons on "Present Day
Perils," including "Perils of the Street."
"Perils of Society." -'Perils of Educa
tion," "Perils of the Church" and
"Perils of Trade."
District No. 5, Independent Order of
Good Templars, held a rally this after
noon at the First Methodist Church.
A. Salazer Killed by Train.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.-r-The remains
of the man who was killed last Thurs
day afternoon by an eastbound train
at Emeryville have been identified as
those of A. Salazer, 1404 Powell street,
.San Francisco. The wife and daugh
ter railed at the Morgue to-day and
made the identification. Salazer was
a tj'.male peddler at. the race track.
Scbutf nml Scouting.
" Scout, "''"scouts" and "scouting" are
three words which were U3ed more
loosely, perhaps, than any others dur
ing the whole of the late disturbances
in South Africa. Regiment after regi
ment of irregulars was .raised under
the name of this, that and t'other
"Scout*." which yet from first to last
did no ftr$>ke of scouting, but remained
purely and simply the invaluable
mountwl infantry such regiments
proved to be. It followed that thou
.«<anfi3 of men rode about with the title
•'Scout" big and bold upon their hats,
who yet knew as little of real scouting
work p.s if they were straight from Al
dershot. And as to "scouting," I re
member that a daily patrol over the
same thre«- miles of road, starting at
ciawn every morning, was called
"scouting" by .the commandant of a
most Important depot point. My sug
gestion that I should be allowed to
take tho half of the men and push
away for four or five days Into the
Free Ptate was called "idiotic talk" by
the same commandant; but that was
the first month of the war. Long
man's.
The Way Harper Docs It.
The University of Chicago wants
same one to give it its new law school
building. The structure, which has cost
1250,000, is almost completed and will
be dedicated April 1. Unlike most of
the other ha^s on the university cam
pus, the law school is not the gift of
any individual, the university trustees
having decided to erect the building
pending a donation to cover . its cost.
No doner has yet been announced, and
It is stated that none has been found. —
New York Commercial Advertiser.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1904.
GREAT WORK OF Y. M. C. A.
TOLD OF FROM PULPITS
Organization Holds Its Twenty-Fifth Anniversary,
Among Speakers Being George N. Bierce, a Cap
italist of Dayton, O., Who Is One of the Leaders
OAKLAND, Jan. 31. — Men at the
fore in local, State and national work
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion were prominent to-day in the
celebration by the Oakland Young
Men's Christian Association ° of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of its organi
zation. Morning and evening, from
the pulpits of. twenty-five churches in
this city was exploited the great work
in Oakland, in the State and in the
nation of this association, whose sole
purpose is the advancement, morally,
intellectually and physically of the
youth and young men of the land.
The celebration, which will cover
five days, began last night with an en
tertainment and games at the associa
tion building. A reception to the
Young People's Societies was held.
Committees in charge were as follows:
Invitation— Harold Baker. Hadley Clarrage.
L. S. Hotchklss. A. E. Carpenter and Ben
Perkins; programme— A. R. Wilkle, C. W.
Merwjn, Wesley Adam>. VV. E. Rode and A.
G. Dick; refreshment — S. C. Teal, F. J. Boek,
Phil Bernay*. O. P. Dlmpfel and L. S. Hotch
kiss; decoration — Wesley Adams, H. Corcoran
Jr., n. R. Farish. F. J. Boek and Otto
Frltsch; reception — Wesley Adam?, C. W. Mer
t»ln. Walter Rode. A. G. Dick. Fred Wllkie,
H. R. Buswell. George Dimpfel. ,Xj. S. Hotch
kl*». Steb°C. Teal. Benjamin Pemlns, Clarence
Simonton. Clarence Beedle, Hadley Clarragc,
Glen Johnson, Lester Burton, Mr. Ziegler. Mr.
Carpenter .A. L Todd. H. J. Corcoran Jr.,
Arthur Caldwell. Phil Bernays. Theo Hook,
Mr. Pierce, Dave Clark. Frank Boek, Phil
Hess. Roy Farish, Will Cottle, F. D. Ames,
Mr. Fo*ter. Mr. Dean. L.. C. Drsnpo and Au
gust Loch. y.-f
The festivities last evening included
addresses by D. Edward Collins, presi
dent of the association, and the Rpv.
E. E. Baker, songs and a general re
union in preparation for the days to
follow.
CITY OF OPPORTUNITY.
During the morning services to-day
George N. Bierce of Dayton, Ohio, a
capitalist, who has been closely Iden
tified with the association work for
twenty-five years, delivered an address
at the First Congregational Church.
Mr. Bierce has made large financial
contributions to the association, both
for support at Dayton'and for the gen
eral movement. " This evening he spoke
at the First Methodist Church. Dur
ing his address Mr. Bierce said:
At the office of the hotel where I am stop
ping I picked up a little booklet setting forth
the advantages of your city. It said, among
other things, that there were 8000 mechanics
employed in Oakland, and at the bottom of
the page 1- found this senttnee, "The" city of
opportunity/' and that text is good enough
for me. L>et us stop and think a moment. Do
we appreciate the privilege of living In this
age of wondrous opportunity? I hardly think
that we do.
One of the great objects of the Young Men's
Christian Association Is to enable the young
man of to-day to obtain a practical working
knowledge of the word of God, to afford a
training school or drill field, where the youn* o
iran may Fwure a neeetnary knowledge of
Christianity, which evrry m«n nauRt ha,ve If
he would be successful in the great work of
life. We All knew how awkward is the raw
recruit when he first appears upon th* drill
ground, especially If he belongs to the cav
alry branch of the service— how awkwardly he
Bits his horse; yet. take him six month* hence,
all trace of fear hag disappeared and he Is
now the trained soldier. The Young Men's
Christian -Association took the icre<»n, raw,
country bey. Dwljfht i,. Moody, and made him
the greatest evangelist. ■• the world has. ever
»ccn.
But this Is not the only work of the Young
Men's Christian Association. This organisa
tion also trains young men to personally deal
with their .fellow men. and if the forces" of
evil In our cities are overcome it will be be
cause u. large number of our young men ko
forth intd the shop. - the store, the counting
room and the bank and carry on the great
work there. The Youn* Men's Christian ■, As
sociation stands for the proposition that the
only trufi manhood is Christian manhood, but
it goes farther than do the churches, and la
bors to preserve the body as well as. to save
the soul, believlnc that our young men ara
the most valuable asset of the welfare of our
nation. T.iko. for Instance, the 25.000 young
men of Oakland and its neighboring cities,
which are toon, no I have been informed, to bo
consolidated Into a Greater Oakland. Almost
any young man can easily earn $000 ft year,
which Is C psr cent Interest on a capitaliza
tion of - $l0.fl<>0, which almost any business
man will agree Is a fairly good Investment.
Then the 25,000 young men of Greater Oakland
represent a capitalization of 1250.000,000. and
yet this Is by far the poorest and meanest
standard by which to judge manhood.
WORK IN CHICAGO.
• L. Wilbur Messer, general secretary
of the Chicago association, gave inter
esting facts concerning the , extensive
work of . the association In that city,
with its $1.000. 009 central, building and
twenty branches, in addresses .at the
First Methodist Church and the First
Presbyterian Church. C. L. Gates of
Atlanta, Ga. t a field secretary of the
international committee, with Jurisdic
tion over the western continent, talked
upon the wide range of association
work In addresses at the ' Brooklyn
Presbyterian Church and St. . Paul's
Episcopalian Church. G. K. Shurtleff,
general secretary -of the Cleveland,
Ohio, association, the leading associa
tion of the world in .the ..character of
its work, will take part in the .confer
ences j to-morrow. -'
The assignments, to other churches
were as. follows:
Morning services— First Christian Church,
It. A. Lang of ' Sacramento: Eighth Avenue
Methcdlst. State Secretary B. B. Wllcox; Ash.
bury Methodist. T. ■ A. Jackson- of San Fran
cisco; /Thirty- fourth. Street Methodist. I. B.
Rhodes of Bsrkeley: Tenth Avenue Baptist. H.
B. McCoy of San Francisco; -Second Congrega
tional. I George -Sutherland!, Twenty-third Ave
nue .Baptist, C. \V. Jonea of'San Jose; Flrot
Baptist, the 'Rev. J.' Whltcomb Brougher.
Evening; services— Pilgrim Congregational; B.
B. Wllcox; ; Plymouth Congregational, C. W.
Janes: Fourth Congregational. I. B. Rhodes;
Second Congregational. F. W. Jackson; Twen
ty-fourth'Avenue; Methodist: L,. B. •Smith:
United PreEbyterlan, R. A. Lang: Union Street
Presbyterian. George Sutherland. - . _ :
To-morrow/ there ; will be general
group- conferences at the association
building.- A banquet will be held Tues
day evening, at Masonic Hall. ; : ■ •; ' :
For eleven .years after* the Oaklrfnd
association's organization the meetings
were'held in. Masonic' Temple and at
the old quarters, 865 Broadway. Thence
the work- was- centered in , the- new
building at • Twelfth and Clay streets.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF,
Y. M. C. A: WHO WILL TAKE
2 PART, IN CELEBRATION. [
..■. , .- '. .;.Ji. !■• - . 6 ■ ■ ' •'■
This structure,' outgrown by the asocla
tion, has been sold, and a site at the
northeast corner of Fourteenth and
Jefferson streets has been purchased
for a large edifice, adequate and »nod
ern. To this project a canvass has
yielSed £105,000 in subscriptions and an
additional $100,000 or more is to be
raised.
The committee" in charge of this an
niversary celebration is composed of
D. Edward Collins, ftv H. Chamberlain,
Dr. G. Erwin Brinckerhoff and Dr. R.
T. Stratton.
Incidental to the festival, but an im
portant event, will be a reception and'
conference on Wednesday afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock at the Hotel Metre
pole in honor of Mrs. L.. Wilbur Mes
ser of Chicago. The reception commit
tee is corr.posed of Mrs. J. B. Hume,
Mrs. G. E. Brinckerheff, Mrs. Giles
Gray. Mrs. S. T. Alexander, Mrs. J. R.
Scupham, Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain and
Mrs. William Letts Oliver.
Mrs. Messer is the wife of the general
secretary of the Chicago association
and is a member of the international
committee of the Young Women's
Christian Association. During 1903 the
Chicago Young Men's Christian As
sociation spent $333,000 In its work in
that city. During the reception Wednes
day Mrs. Messer will address the ladles
of Oakland "on association effort.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Jan.- SI.— All Blufe J and Gold
compcsltlons for the 11)05 book will close to
morrow at 5 p. m. The" last manuscript
must be handed Into the Blue and Gold office
btfore that hour, /o
A Joint meeting of tho faculties of the me
chanics, mining and civil engineering colleges
will be held to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock
in the Mining building.
The distribution of tickets to Dr. Shaw's lec
ture will be made at- the Co-operative store,
beginning at, 10:30 .u' clock • and ending at • 2
o'clock on Tueeday. All students are entitled
to these invitations. . .
The Civil Engineering Association will hold
a business metting in the Mining building at 4
o'clock on Tuesday. ,
Miss Mary Page. "04. Is to be the speaker at
the meeting of the Young Women's Christian
Association meeting Tuesday afternoon at 4:15
o'cloek in Stile's Hall.. The Young Men's Chris
tian Association will meet in tho evening at
7:1.% o'clock. ' • .
The. Students' Congress will discuss tho fol
lowing question Tuesday night in room 10,
North Hall: "Resolved, that the system of
Croups and prescribed studiea In the collpges
of general culture at the University of Cali
fornia is not desirable." The affirmative will
be sustained by S H. Beach '05. A. B. Young
'0"> and.E. K. Sartord 'trt. The negative will
be defended by F. T. Blanchard '04, T ■ H.
Buckingham '07, and J. D. Turner '06
Th» 1007, Debating Society will discuss the
following question Wednesday night. In Stiles
Hall: 'Resolved, that there should be a na
tional suffrage qualification for the election of
Congressmen and Presidential elector*." "
• W.B. Storey af the Santa Fe Railroad will
address the Civil Engineering Association
Wednesday evening on "Railroad Knglneer
lng."
"The Greatest Enemy- of Missions" Is tho
subject of a lecture that will be delivered by
E. S. Rldd*ll '00 before the Young Men's Chris
tian Af-sncintlcn Thursday . evening. ■
A ." meeting cf \ the Associated Students has
been -called- for next Friday morning, at 11
o'clock In the gymnasium, when' the plans fcr
the proposed Student Labor day as arranged
by a special committee will be discussed.*,. /.
President and Mrs.'. Wheeler • will tender a
reception to- Mr. Albert > Shaw, ■ editor of ,: the
Review of Reviews, Friday night in Hearst
Hall.., :>
Mrs. Mary E. Holt: Hears Last Call.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 31.— Mrs. Mary Eliza
Holt died last night at the home of her
son; Edward J. Holt, ; 1007- Morton" street,
after an illness of several months: De
ceased was a i native- of Bangor,' : Me.,
and was- in her seventy-fifth year.' She
was the .widow of the . late James W.
Holt,-a pioneer of this State, and, had
resided , in " California ; forty-four years
and ' in this city fifteen years. The
funeral service -will 1 take place next
Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
toxixWy. residence on Morton street. 1 . •
DISTINGUISHED
EDITOR COMING
Dr. Albert Shaw, Who Presides
Over Review of Reviews, Will
Lecture at the University
"PUBLIC DUTIES" THEME
Henry ' Weiustpck's .Endowment
o*f Lectureship Is -Made in
Hope of Raising Our Ideals
Berkeley Office San Francisco CalL
2148 Center Street. Jan. 31.
Dr. Albert' Shaw, editor of the Re
view of Reviews, will deliver the first
annual Barbara Weinstock lecture on
"The Morals of Trade" Thursday even
ing,in Heartst Hall. Dr. Shaw's sub
ject will be "Public Duties and Re
lations of Modern Business Life."
This lectureship was founded- bv
Henry Weinstock of Sacramento in
May, 1902, with an endowment of $5000.
Its design is stated by Mr. Weinstock
to be the correcting of the mistaken
idea in the minds of -men that monev
is the one standard of success in busi
ness 4 and that it is impossible to suc
ceed in trade without more or less of
a sacrifice of the ethical side of their
natures. Through education Mr. Wein
stock hopes to show that success is
more probable if a business is con
ducted on a high moral plane— in de
veloping character rather than in
heaping up gold. ■
Dr. Shaw is Avidely known 0 as editor
of the Review of Reviews, which he
has edited for twelve years. His views
as writer of the department. "The
Progress of the World,", exhibit an ac
curacy, an insight into affairs, a wis
dom, a fairness and a patriotism -that
is remarkable.
Before graduating from the Iowa
College Dr. Shaw had already become
an editor, having an interest in the
Grlnnell Herald. In 1SS4 he received
his doctor's degree from Johns Hop
kins University for work in history
and political science. He was an edi
torial writer on the Mineapolls Tribune
from 1883 to 1888. After a year's study
in European universities, he returned
to the Tribune for a year, afterward
becoming identified with the Review of
Reviews.
Dr. Shaw is the author of a number
of .published "writings on economical
subjects, among them beinj? "Icaria:
A Chapter in the History of Commun
ism"; "Local Government in Illinois":
"Co-operation in the Northwest":
"Municipal Government in Great Bri
tain" and "Municipal Government in
Continental Europe."
EVENTS "IN SOCIETY
BERKELEY, Jan. 31. — A large audience
filled St. Mark's Church Friday evening and
listened to a faithful rendering of Balnt-Saens*
"Christmas Oratorio." Owing °to the illness of
McCullough Graydon. the tenor, much of the
work fell upon Miss Winifred Wilson, but she
sustained the difficulties. without a fault. Miss
Virginia Cameron Pierce, mezzo-soprano; Mrs.
Ward A. Dwight, alto, and William Arthur
Powell were the other soloists, Ro«coe War
ren LuCy belnjr the organist. The choruses
were sung admirably by the following members
of St. Mark's choir:
Sopranos — Maria B. Anderson. Mary Louise
Davis. Elsie Louise de Camp, E. Adelie Fos
ter Alice Qompertz. Helen G. Hamlin, Arman
tine S. Monges, Emmellne H. Nelson. Virginia
Cameron Pierce, Hilda Turner, Mrs. J. A.
Whltten and Olivia Wright.
Altos— F. Alice de Camp. Madge de Cemp,
Hope A, Jordan. Hazel Jordan. Laura Mac
donald, Muriel C. Hamm. Isabel E. McRey
nolds and Sara L. Peete.
Tenors— Chester B. Cox. R. J. Elliott, Rich
ard O. Foulkes. Harry M. Goodman. George
W. Graydon, Ralph J. McFadyen, Charles L.
Monson and W. C. Watkins.
Bassos— J. Patrick Ambrose. Newton F. An
druss Charles E.' Church. , Russel Countryman,
E C Hopkins, Belmont' P. Jaggard, Lewis
Kistler, W. A. Nichols. W. A. Powell, R. W.
Wardwell and Ollv*r Youngs Jr.
Mrs. Nat T. Kerns was the hostess at an en
tertainment lact evening at her home, ...300
Fulton street. She was assisted In receiving
by Mrs. F. E. Eldenmuller. There were twen
ty-five present and an enjoyable evening was
passed. A supper was served at midnight.
Recognized No Change of Xame.
A few' mornings ago a Brooklyn
housekeeper was surprised by a call
from a former cook, a colored woman,
who had married while in her employ
and had gone South with her husband,
who was a carpenter. Mrs. Brown ex
pressed surprise at seeing the woman
again after so many years and com
plimented her upon her unchanged
appearance, saying: "I would have
known you anywhere, Addle. You
look just as you did when you l!ved
here." "Yaas'm," said Addle, "En so
I wud you. Look des dee same. Ain't
no change ez I sees. Wart on yo chin
en spectacles — des de same."
Addiu told of her varying fortunes
since her marriage, of the birth of two
children, and of their present poverty
which caused them" to come "oft
North" in search of work.
Mrs. Brown questioned Addie con
cerning the' age and size of the chil
dren and Inquired into the needs of
herself and husband, then said:. "By
the way, Addie. What is your name
now. I forgot for it is so long since
you were married." >\'.'V.
VMy neme Ad'lade Eliza Euphemia
Em'ly Mo'ton, yaas'm."
"No! No! That was your name be
fore you were married. I mean your
married name — your husband's name."
| "He name Edward Cla'enee 'Gustus
Peyton, yaas'm." ..
"Then your married name is Mrs. Ed
ward Clarence Augustus Fey tori," said
Mrs. Brown
"No'm." 'taint neither! It jus' Mrs.
Ad'lade Eliza Ephemia Em'ly Mo'ton."
"No," said Mrs. Brown. "Your name
is your husband's name. When th«
clergyman pronounced you man and
wife you took his name."
"No'm. Diddun' neither! I hev' said
nothin* 'bout changing 'my name! I
like rt right well. 'an* th* ain' no man
o'-God • kin , . say nothin' to mek me
change my name, fer any Peyton er
th' whol j lot."— Brooklyn" Eagle.'
Cuba's Richest Woman.
The richest woman in Cuba is said
to be Senora Rosa Abren.a handsome,
intelligent, aristocratic looking widow
worth $2,000,000, arid with no incum
brance. She lives. in a fashionable su
burb of. Havana, was born In Cuba, as
was her late and all her in
terests and sympathies— are entirely
non-Spanish. She 'is very democratic
in manner arid takes great interest in
a* society ; originated by Arnerican
women to aid the poor. Her planta
tion consists of 150,000 acres of mag
nificent coffee lahd.-fNew York Com
mercial. _ ' '• ; '
The chap that knows himself is never
vain of all his acqualntancea.
REAL ESTATE
DEALERS BUSY
Steady Demand for Oakland
'Property in Spite of Very
Marked Increase in Prices
NEW HOTEL AT PIEDMONT
Plans Are Already Drawn for
Palatial Structure Which
Will Cost About $250,000
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 31.
During the last week the local real
estate market ha3 been unusually ac
tive for this season of the year, and at,
present there is nothing to indicate that
the demand* for residence and business
property in "Oakland will not continue
throughout othe present year. AH the
local firms report, a very active week,
and the dealers agree that if the pres
ent demand for Oakland property keeps
up, the present year will be by far the
best in the history of the city.
Plans have been drawn for a $250,000
tourist hotel to be erected at Piedmont
Springs and construction work will
soon be commenced.
Suburban real estate dealers are also
awakening to the fact that property on
the. outskirts of Oakland is Increasing
in value and they are becoming more
and more energetic in advertising prop
erty in the suburbs. The Alameda
Board of Trade has -just issued an il
lustrated pamphlet, setting forth the
advantages of that city as a location
for homes and showing views of vari
ous parks and public buildings in Ala
rceda. The booklet also contains en
gravings of a number of beautiful
homes in the "Island Citv."
Smittsinger & Matteson of Fruitvale
have also issued an advertising pam
phlet, illustrated with engravings of
homes and orchards In that location.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 31.— Since the set
tlement of the agitation over the
awarding of the two local railroad
franchises, the real estate dealers of
this city are unamimous in the opinion
that the action taken by the City Trus
tees in disposing of the transportation
privileges to the Southern Pacific
Company has resulted in infusing a
remarkable tone of confidence in the
future of the realty business here. With
an improved train and ferry service
between Alameda and San Francisco,
which the management of the Southern
Pacific Company has assured local
residents it will provide, the outlook
is encouraging. In speaking of realty
conditions, William . Hammond Jr. of
Hammond & Hammond said:
"While the- franchise agitation was
on, many property owners who con
templated building became timid and
delayed the commencement of work.
That feeling has been abolished
through the settlement of the railroad
question, and a building boom is in
sight. Many plans are being prepared,
and we expect to soon see more houses
in course of construction than has been
v.itnQssed in Alameda. for years. The
only residences now idle are old ones
that have long since passed out of date.
There are no nvodern. houses vacant,
and .when it hapens that one does be
come so, thsre^are numerous persons
waiting for the chance to take .the
place. The greatest demand is for five
and six-room cottages. These have al
ways proved good renters, and at no
time within the last year has the sup
ply met the demand."
Frank N. Dodd of the Alameda Land
Company said: "Confidence in Ala
meda's future has returned with the
settlement of the railroad franchises.
Prospective buyers who held off while
the transportation question was in the
air are beginning to resume negotia
tions, and already we have closed sev
eral good deals. The Southern Pacific
Company is feeling the effects of com
petition In Berkeley from the Key route,
and for that very "reason I believe that
the company will soon improve its
Alameda service with a view to at
tracting all the residents possible to
this city. The Southern Pacific is
practically without a competitor here,
and handles all of the commutation
travel. Therefore, the more residents
Alameda has the better it will be for
the coffers of the corporation. We can
trust to the Southern Pacific manage
ment not to overlook a good thing, and
it is my opinion that as soon as the
train and ferry service is increased,
Alameda will enjoy such a boom as
Berkeley Is now undergoing. Alameda
property is increasing in value con
stantly. The next few months will
witness the building of many homes,
seme of them elaborate and expensive
structures. The demand for homes to
rent continues and the demand for cot
tages cannot be met. Money invested
in the erection of, down-to-date six and
seven-room houses is • sh well laid
out in Alameda."
The Projectiles AVe Use.
We have now armor-piercing pro
jectiles, deck-piercing projectiles, seml
armor-piercing projectiles, common
forged and cast-steel projectiles, cast
iron projectiles, shrapnel, and so on, in
endless variety. As the work the gun.
whether ashore or afloat, will have to
do can. be pretty clearly predicted, it
would appear as though one, or at most
two, kinds of projectiles were enough.
These two would naturally have, the
one a high penetrative power, and the
other a large capacity for internal
charge, giving great destructive power
when the shell is burst. No one, who
has not examined carefully the effect of
bursting a shell in a closed space can
have an idea of its destructlveness. A
small six-pounder shell, of about two
and one-quarter-inch diameter, con
taining three or four ounces of powder,
burst in an ordinary room and break-
Into twenty or thirty fragments, would
probably destroy everything in the
room.— Scientific American.
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY GOQK BOOK
Mall This Order to The San Txmaoiseo Call Witk 75c
r -* — - i — r : : — ~- '
The San Francisco Call. •
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's, Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fif'.y
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six -month subscrib-
ers to, the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 23c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEE .../.
STREET
CITY '..... •• • ••.•♦♦
STATE ••• >«v.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
r ■
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
}'---'z ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
v •' Telephone Eagle 503.
TOTAL EICEEDS
THE ESTIMATES
Sub-Committees of the Bond
Committee Demand More
Than Is Assigned to Them
FIGUKES TO BE REDUCED
Mathematics Show That It
Will Take $365,000 to Meet
Various .Requirements Made
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2143 Center Street. Jan. 31.
When the Citizen's Bond Committee
meets to-morrow night there will be a
lot of pruning on the estimates sub
mitted by the various sub-committees
appointed by Presiden* Richards to col
lect data on the item's for the proposed
bond issue. It will take an ax to lop
the branches ofT most of the estimates,
as they greatly exceed the figures fixed
by President Rickard of the Board of
Trustees, so much so that instead of
the total amount being $250,000, It is
now $365,000. This Is just $115,000 in ex
cess of the amount it was first thought
would improve certain departments of
the town.
The excess begins with the school de
partment. There it was estimated that
$50,000 would do, but the sub-commit
tee finds that it can do nothing with
less than $125,000. The manual training
committed started out with $15,000 as
its limit, but now it finds that It will
take $20,000 to do the thing rijrht.
The Fire Department committee
wants $35,000 instead of $30,000; .the
Park and Sites Committee is modest.
deeming $20,000 sufficient; the Street
Committee finds that it will take $20,
000 to put the streets in repair, and
finally the Committee <m City Hall de
mands $100,000.
SCIENTIFIC DISCOURSE
ON USING THE FEET
How Form of Dress Shows Women
to Be Ungainly in
Their Walk.
"The new instep skirt is a boon to
wontyjn. but it reveals the fact that
women are bad walkers. A surprising
number of women are pigeon-toed.
They tread on the side of the foot or
run down the heel3 of their shoes,
which gives a most ungraceful appear
ance to the feet," writes a correspond
ent in a letter to the Express.
A physical culture expert discussed
this allegation with an Express repre
sentative recently, and in the course
of conversation every count of the in
dictment was admitted.
"It is true," he said, "that women
who are otherwise pretty and graceful
exhibit in walking a remarkable
amount cf clumsiness. Watch a woman
going upstairs at a railway station. In
nine cases out of ten she will plod la
boriously up; her feet will come down
at either side of the stair and her toes
will be turned in. Half the fatigue
would be avoided if she would work the
foot from the ankle and set each foot
truly next, the other, with heels touch
ing for the instant they are together.
" In sitting also women are guilty of
a number of sins of awkwardness. The
stout woman, for example, invariably
sits squarely, with feet planted about
twelve Inches apart and her toes turn
ed out.
"The lean, long-legged woman, on
the other hand, winds her feet round
the legs of her chair, or else crosses
her legs and thrusts her feet out in
front of her.
"Now. the stout woman should
•poise' herself and sit very erect. Th*
lean woman should choose the high
est possible seat and plant her feet
firmly on the ground, thus reducing
her excessive angularity.
"The small .woman also does some
peculiar things. She either sits with
her small feet dangling In a helpless
way or perches* herself on the edge of
a high seat, with the toe of one foot
touching the ground arfl the other
fopt hooked around the ankle of the
first. Instead of aggravating the
smallness of her stature, she should
choose the lowest chair in the room
and sink gracefully into it.
"Bat the greatest offender against
the physical art is the mannish girl.
Her very attempt to assume man's
ease and freedom is the cause of her
downfall; her exaggerated attitudes
Indeed become absurd mimicry.
"Yes." said the expert in conclusion,
"women are bad sitters and walkers.
They forget the following primary
rule: 'Whenever the feet are on the
ground af the same time they should
be placed as closely as possible to
gether, toes slightly turned out.' "—
London Express.
'A weather prophet may not be with
out honor, save in this world.CLUBWOMEN ANXIOUS FOR FEDERATION CONVENTION.
SOLEMN SEASON APPROACHES TO STAY MERRY WHIRL
Gathering at Sacramento Promises to Develop Some
Firm Feminine Views on Varied Topics.
The Federation convention is almost
upon us. On the Sth Sacramento will
see a gathering of the clans — and In
cidentally the exposition of some rather
firm feminine views, for the federation
delegate is nothing if not firm. It is
on her individuality and strength that
fche becomes a delegate, these elements
overwhelming, in most instances, her
social popularity. To be sure, there
ere a few misfits— as always— that will
answer "present" at roll call that were
sent because, as the president-makers
say, lack of timber.
The expenses of travel v and accom
modation ' must be borne by the dele
gates themselves, and it has not yet
become a matter of record that the
average clubwoman Is o'erwilling to go
down Into her rurse to pay for club
honors. However, as an exposition of
the leaders of California's women
clubs— which means the women that
are active agents in the world's work —
or play. Sacramento will hold the
trump card.
One of the discussions that is bound
to cause voluble and voluminous dis-,
cussion is the primal subject of the
uses of the State Federation — if any.
The Contury Club never came under
the banner of the State body, affiliat
ing with the national organization di
rectly — for reasons best known to itself.
Conservatism, perhaps. .
Then the Sorosis declared Its inten
tion of withdrawal from the. State
body, declaring that as the club was
purely a social and cultured body it
had nothing at moment Ho report «"t the
district or : State meetings, and fur
ther, that its members were nearly all
; . tivo workers in some of the many
philanthropir-orcivicbodies that flourish
throughonucW city. Hence the with*
drawal.* \en, a few things were said
Client th<* withdrawal, but now comes
another club, one <>f the foremost of
the cftver and wideawake bodies In
the city with c similar intention.
"Which one? Well, now, that would bD
J- llin,:. , But just watch out for a se
cession in the San Francisco district.
Now* for another subject of import
— the divorce question, coming up on
Thursd.-iy evening, the 11th inst. This
most "'difficult" subject — which is pro
gram'med "A Uniform Divorce Law,"
by Albert H. Elliott of Oakland — is
ont? thco will require tongs to -handle,
inasmuch as many of the best club
women in the State have been honor
ahly divorced.- We hope Mr. Elliott
will, prove himself a diplomatic club
woman and avoid the pitfalls. How
ever, should he trip up some of (he
delegates, being of the male persua-
Kion M he doesn't fear "dishonorable
discharge for conduct unbecoming a
clubwoman and a lady" — such as hap
pened to our two confreres of the
Prefs Club recently.
The matter of delegates to the bi
ennial convention at St. Louis is still
in lhe air. ' It Is possible — yea. even
probable — that State President Iilrs.
M. E. Darling may be re-elected, as
she has been most acceptable to all
portions. However, in any case the
State president will go on as one of
the throe delegates-at-Iarge. Besides
there will be one delegate from each
of the six State districts, and two more
delepates-at-large (exclusive of the
president): and it will devolve upon
each district delegation to decide who
shall represent it at the great biennial.
Now ye who think women deficient
in intelligent manipulation of politics
should have an ey*» upon the hench
women of the likeliest ' delegates.
Clever? Why, they can give cards
and spades to many of th«»ir male
contemporaries for finesse — which., by
the way, is really not saying over
much to their credit.
It is pretty generally conceded that
Los Angeles and San Francisco will di
vide honors, as to delegates-at -large — .
but, alas! there are three. Where can
t"he third come from? Surely not
from the south, and surely not from
'.he north. Ah! Thene is» the one
chance of a life time of the midland
counties setting the honors. If the
Kbell of Oakland, the Adelphian of
Alameda and the San Jose Woman's
Club get busy they may unite upon
that one delegate.
On the 21st of February, beginning
on Sunday night, the California State
<vraference of Charities and Correc
tions will meet in its third annual ses
sion.
This body aided materially in bring
ing about the legislation in California
that created the Juvenile Court, the
State Board of Charities and Correc
tions and a system' of probation for
older sinners against the law. Special
ists will talk upon their special topics.
The sessions of this body should be
intensely interesting to all sociologists
— or even to the casual observer of the
lives of his fellow men. All that are
interested are invited to the sessions —
the meeting plan to be announced later.
If the Forum Club has ever had a
mnre interesting day than last Wednes
day it has been my misfortune to miss
it-
Mrs. Henry Payot presided, introduc
inc-the following vocal numbers:
"•Haymaking." Miss Alice Needham: ■ "L'.t
«le One a-C'ryinK.** Mies Eugenia Eubank^, ac
companied by Mi«"> Effle Merrill.
Being a generous clubwoman, the
president induced Henry Payot to
address the club upon their travels in
India— which he did in splendid style,
illustrating his talk by views thrown
upon a screen. Step by step the guests
wandered over the marvelous struc
tures of the old civilization— stood be
fore the marble tomb of Taj at Agra
and the famous pearl mosque at Agra,
one of the most exquisite structures
in the world. Then a half hour was
Kj>ent in Bombay, the city of the Par-
Fees«, the transplanted Persians, and
followers of the great Persian philoso
pher, Zoroaster. And herewith the epi
tome of their religious belief was given
by Mr. Payot as "Good thoughts, good
words, cood d^r>ds." Is not that the
rpltom^ of all ennobling faiths?
The Parsf-o8 worshiping the fire,
rarth and wat^r refrain from smoking
and from polluting the earth or water
by interring thoir dead. On the screen
was thrown a picture of a place of
sepulchre, which gave forth the most
distinctive note «f the lecture. It was
a circular, unroofed structure of ce
ment, called the Tower of Silence,
usually on an eminence, upon whose
walls an almost unbroken row of vul
tures sat— fat from undue gorging —
awaiting an approaching funeral.
The funeral party arriving at the
Eate, the body. na!:ed (for \naked we
rome into the 7.orld and naked we must
leave it), ij u.epojlt«»d in *he center of
this amphitucale of death,, «:hen down
swoop thu. vultures and denude the
body of -ver:- v-ztlaa «f flesh. The
bones, picked rte»a. are then gathered
up ant thrown intc a sreat chasm,
from which se t-ers run fitted tip with
gigantic lltir*; thai the water* thm*
*bot L: be lot defiled.
Child-wife'T and its rexulatant «!n».
likewise the destroyer of the custom,
thj T'undlt.t Jlamabal, wrre all In turn
;Tcs«nte«l thi^ush the camera «nd the
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
descriptive cleverness of the lecturer.
Though the address was of an hour and
a half's duration, every moment was
of intense interest— and let it be cried
from the housetops — only two women
found it necessary to go out meanwhile.
Why— O, whv must women flutter in
and out of their club like a covey of
quail? Haven't they ballast enough to
sit through a number without dodging
in and out when a singer or a speaker
is seeking to entertain? It is unques
tionably the quintessence of rudeness.
» e • • -: m .■
The Forum's delegates to the federa
tion are: ; <>
Mrs Henry <J»ayot. president; Mrs. Charles
Goodall. alternate; Mies May Shannon, Mrs.
A. L. Hart, alternate; Mrs. A. P. Van Duser.
Mrs. Henry alternate.
The Press" Association on Monday
last held a session of exceptional Inter
est, largely because of the originality
of "the programme and the personality
of the. speakers. Mrs. Pinney presided
w ith her usual tact, presenting Edward
Tillson, who gave two clever piano
solos, followed by Mrs. Edith .Auffrey,
a prominent member of the Press Club
of London, who gave a charming talk
upon the club life of women in the Eng
lish capital, dwelling upon many phases
and incidents of life with which we are
unfamiliar. An analytical sketch of
the late Queen caused much discussion
later over the tea cup*. The trials of
journalists and editors -and, incident
ally, the compensation*! — were handled
seriously and otherwise by them that
should know— Mrs. Frank P. Deering.
Mrs. H. Colburn (formerly Mrs. Frona
Eunice Waite) and Frank H. Winch,
who is still a scribe in 'active service.
The consensus of opinion was that the
women that write for the papers are
not in the "hot bird and cold bottle"
class— that journalistic bohemianism
was distinctly not a prerogative of
newspaper women. Mrs. Mary E. Hart
closed the aftern ->n with some clever
tales of the far north.
Last week the Mission Literary Club
held its monthly meeting, at the. resi
dence of Mrs. S. Moore, 600 Valencia
street, when the following Officers were
elected:
rrcsldent. Mrs. E. B. Yreeland; vice presi
dent. Mrs., J. Hey; treasurer. Mrs. C. A. Rog
ors; secretary, Mrs. M. F. Bruker. A social
hour was tpent over refreshments. Those pres
«nt were: Mrs, J. Kemp, 'Mrs. E. B. Vreeland,
Mrs. T. Morrin. Mrs. E. McEwen. Mrs. J. S.
Bogart. Mrs 1 . W. Armltase. Mrs. T Farless,
Mr«. W. IlFtcm. Mrs. J. Hey. Mrs M. F. Bru
ker. Mrs. R. Leach. Mrs. S. Moore. Mrs. C. A.
Roger*. Dr. E. Welle, Mrs. M. T. Walker,
Mr«. A. Laumeister. Mjs. Lehnhart. Mrs. Dais
ley, Miss Moore, Mrs. Bates. 'Airs Serrtne.
Last Tuesday the California Club
presented a musical programme that
called forth unlimited praise for the
participants— likewise for Mrs. Xavier
Roiker, who prepared It. Mrs. o MaJ
dern was especially well -received in
her reading. The following numbers
were presented:
T! Vrt*zo. trio (Curschman). Mrs. Krnest Hue
ter. Miss Gertrude Wheeler and Edw. Xavier
Rolker; "An Appreciation of the Poems of
Georse f-terlins." Mrs. Wiil Madderns Saph
iKche Ode (Brahms). Fidelity lAHItson), Miss
Gertrude Wheeler; Scherzo a Capricclo (Felix
Mendelssohn. Miss Ernestine Goldman; 1m
Kahn (Grieg). Spring Song (George Henschel).
Mrs. Erne»t L. Hueter; reading. Miss Lorena
E. Hoagr; The Merry La^c (Nevln). April Rain
(W. Hunt). Mips Mignon' Juason; Tuscan Folk
Seng (L. raracciolo). Mrs. E. L. Hueter oand
Miss G. Wheeler.
The Forum Club has within, its
ranks a member who- has lately distin
guished herself by • putting forth <a
book of much excellence. Mrs. Eliza
beth G. Birkmaier, whose "Poseidon's
Paradise" is now being read with
great interest. Mrs. Birkmaier last
week g-.ve the club a very clever talk
upon "Druids."
The following bulletin is issued by
the California Club for the regular
club days in February: . o
Tuesday. February 2, liMM— Business meeting
at '2:Jt» p. m.: president's meeting, 3 to 5 p. m.
On thip day the California Club woman's edi
tion of the Bulletin will be issued. Tuesday,
February 8 — No meeting on account of Stale
Federation. Tuesday. February It! — Programme
in charee of department of civics; "The New
Movt-rncnt for a Greater San Francisco." Hon.
James D. l'he*an; •"Some Civic "Work in South
ern Cilifonila." Dr. Dorothea Moore. Tues
day. February 23— Social day; programme In
chanc* of Mrs. Louis Hertz; "Social Life of
th» Ghetto" will be presented by Otto Irving
Wise: cel!o solo«. Paul Friedhofer; accompa
nist. Mrs. David Hlrschler.
Next Thursday a musical lecture by
H^nri F. Salz, pianist, in a recital of
"Modern Pianoforte Literature" will be
piven at the clubrooms under the di
rection of Mme. Emma Tojettl. The
noted v'miste will present the follow
ing numbers:
Novel Wte, op. 21. Shumann: Scherzo, op.
10. IT Albert: valse impromptu, .Liszt; fantasie,
oj). 49, Chopin; Heimwarts, Grieg. -•_-,
The Pioneer Women will hold a
monthly meeting in Golden Gate Hall
on February 5, when a talk upon "The
Padres and What They Have Left to
Us" will be given. Ladies, the remarks
made above about leaving the room
during a session may have been
prompted somewhat by the fact that I
have been asked to make this address.
You know how selfishness colors our
views.
The Corona Club once every year
opens its doors to its menfolk— to hus
bands, sons, brothers and friends — that
they might imbibe some of the aca
demic air that pervades the intellectual
elubrooms. Did the men respond? In
deed they did. en masse. And a de
lightful time they had as guests "at a
woman's club," where they drank club
tea and listened to club chat in right
brave fashion. We are slowly but in
evitably tending toward the ideal club,
where both men and women may be
come members. What will become of
the babies then? The same disposition
as is made now when parents slip off
to the theater.
The Corona Club presented the fol
lowing programme:
"Sore Bird of Night" (Nevln), Ceclllan octet
—Mrs. O. W. Addemon. Miss Viola Van Orden,
Hit. F. J. Tri*t. Miss Hettie M. Corlett. Mi«s
Laura Collins. Mrs. I*. B. Dickscn. Mrs. Frank
S. Sn*H. Mrs. Rader; accompanist. Mrs. Charles
W. t'hapin. "Quartetto a Penna." tr* tempi
original! — largo afTetuoso, canzonntta, cherzo —
(Nicole M. Calact). by th« Adelsteln Plectrum
Qu»rt»t: mandolins. Miss Florence Magnin,
Samuel 'Adclsteln: lutes. Mrs. II. 11. Sherwood,
Miss Klvln W. Hobbs. Hermia trlanclc. Miss
Alice Oajr« Miss Ethel Murphy. MIm Hettie M.
CaiteVLi accompanist. Miss Mildred Morrison.
Soprano solo «selocted), Mrs. F. J. Trlst. "Ser
enade Pentlmentale," trio for three Italian
lutes O.if/.zaiapo), Mrs. IT. H. Sherwood, Miss
Elvira W. Hobbs, Samuel Adelsteln; reading
(selected*. Mr*. Charlotte Graeher Hazlett: solo
(s^leot-d). F. J. Trl«t: "Sweet and Low" (A.
W. Platte). Ceclllan octet.
The Papyrus Club held a vitally inter
esting meeting on Thursday last at
Utopia-Hall. when Mrs. C. Mason Kinne
presided. The programme included the
usual clever array of stories— and
famous raconteurs the women are get
ting to be-*-followed by several delight
ful musical numbers under the direc
tion of Miss Ella B. McCloskey. These
cumbers were rendered:
Violin «olo« <•> "Berceuse" (Caesar Cui),
a\ "M. Bolcr«" (Carl Bohm). 'Misa Anna Had
••11; contralto aolon <a) "A Tol" (Remberg).
(b> "<Jen»l»nes" (Schufttrt). (c)- "When the
1*?* U Whit* vitA Moonlight" (Nevln). Mrs.
j K. Biranlnsham. accompanist Miss Fanny
Da.nf0rtK; banjo aoloa. «ltb guitar accompanl
fnemt '«> "Manzanlllo" (Robyn), (b) "San
Fia»*l»eo f.tv* l<«tt»r %larch" (Aehtoo F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, MONDAY; 'FEBRUARY 1, 1904.
Stevens) Mrs. F. W. Ross; barytone solos (a)
"Song of the Sword" (Lelghter). (b) "I Dream
of Thee" (Trotere), Harry Wood Brown, Mrs.
S. P. Blumenberg at the piano.
That march by Ashton Stevens was a
very charming skit of music, but it did
seem a shame that some of the musical
critics hadn't a chance at its composi
tion or its movement or its theory,
even as he has had at theirs. They per
haps would have enjoyed a little vivi
section themselves.
The Laurel Hall Club will meet next
Wednesday and on the 17th inst. at the
Sorosis Club rooms, when the following
entertainment -will be offered:
Mythological and ancient history day — An
cient Egypt, historical and allegorical, inter
spersed with gems of poetry — by the members
of the mythological and ancient history section.
Programme in charge of Mrs. O. V. Thayer.
Music, piano solo, sextet from "Lucia dl Lam
mcrmoor," Miss Helen Desmond. o '•_,',
On February 17, at 3 p. m., the French
section will entertain. The programme
will be in charge of Mrs. John Marti
non. olt will include: • ,° •
Reading, Professor Charles Pratt; paper,
"French Literature," Mrs. John Martlnon; pa
per. "French Art." Miss Amelia M. BlieB;
paper, "The Lays of c the Troubadours," Miss
Alma Wlnn; vecal solo. Mrs. O. K. McMurray.
The regular section meetings will be
held as follows:
Historical query box, Mme. Emilia Tojettl;
mythological and ancient history — Chairman,
Mrs. O. V. Thayer; second and fourth Tues
days, 2514 Washington street. '2 p. m.; civic —
Chairman. Mrs. A. \V. oTerrill. first and third
Wednesdays, clubhouse, 1:30 p. m.: French — ;
Chairman, Mrs. John Martlncn. second and
feurth Tuesday, 2.V->0 Union street, 'i p. m.:
original writers— Chairman. Mrs. Ella M. Sex
ton, first and third Wednesdays, clubhouse. 1:15
p. m.; Shakespeare — Chairman. Mrs. A.' B.
Evans, second and fourth Wednesdays, Mrs.
VV, J. Gray's. 2417 Pacific avenue, 2 p. m.
The Council of Jewish Women, pre
sided over by Mrs. Louis Hertz. 0 the
•largest and cleverest club of Jewish
women in, the city, met last Friday in
the Sunday school rooms of Temple
Emanu-El °to listen to a song
recital under °the o direction of Mrs.
Marriner-Campbell, who gave a charm
ing chat of her experiences in the
ateliers of Paris. Then followed some
excellent vocaji numbers by .Mrs.
Schaff ter, Mrs. Rebecca .Delvalle. Mrs.
Greenleaf Krug and Mrs. Marion E.
B. Robinson, accompanied by Mrs. W.
J°. Batchelder.
The Irving Club will meet on Feb
ruary 4 in Utopia Hall for a social dav
under the direction of Miss Ethelvnne
Marrick. On February 18 a "Modern
Fiction Day" will be given, when Miss
Myrtle Lieb, Mrs. Ellis Parrish and
Mrs. John Reed will contribute to the
programme. ,. v -<• '
The regular omeeting of the Alden
Club of the Sdnshine Society was held
Thursday afternoon, January 28. at
the honie of the president. Miss' Jean
Pedlar, 2758 Pine street. The regular
reports of officers ando visiting commit
tee were heard. Among the business
proceedings it .was suggested that the
club endeavor to ' purchase an arti
ficial limb for a poor woman who
stands in°great need of one. Tlte price
of such is abput 5100" and the presi
dent appointed a committee to inves
tigate. If outside help can be obtained
the club will make up the deficit, but
otherwise the members will "arrange
an entertainment for the benefit of the
unfortunate. Those present were: •
Miss Jean Pedlar, MUses Abble Edwards,
Elizabeth Edwards. Virginia Dare, Meta Sto
len, Florence Benjamin. Elsie Young, Ceclle
Rogers. Margaret Rogers. Mabel Ayer, Marie
Denervsfud and Mrs. W. H. Jardine.
Miss Florence Blrce of Auburn was
guest of the club during the after
noon. ° o
And thus politics, social problems,
music, art, literature and the daeper
a"hd more practical things that" jcon
cern the lives of our fellows are ab
sorbing "the leisure hours of our
clever — and therefore interesting
clubwomen. o° &
PERSONAL. o
William Pierce, a capitalist of
Suisun. is at the Palace.
B. F. Hartley, a mining man of
Auburn, is at the Grand.
R. W. Hoffman, a tobacconist of
Xew York." is at the Grand.
E. L. Fin-ley, a newspafper man of
Santa Rosa, Is at the California!
H. Hauser, "a prominent business
man of Los Angeles, is at the "Grand.
Douglas S. Cone, a fruit grower of
Red Bluff, is registered at the Palace.
Thomas W. Patterson, president of
the Fresno National Bank, is at the
Palace.
Fish Commissioner W. E. Gerber is
down from Sacramento and registered
at the Palace. &
H. S. King and J. W. Miiburn of the
United States Coast Goedetic Survey
are at the Occidental.
Charles R. Bishop, the well known
local banker, departed for Honolulu
yesterday by °way of Seattle.
0 Harry Maitland, a business man of
Shanghai, who has been visiting Lon
don, arrived at the Palace yesterday,
en route tp the Orient.
Emanu-Kl Sisterhood Lecture.
Th; free course of lectures given'by
the Emanu-El Sisterhood is meeting
vt-' " marked success. The third lec
t — e will take place next Wednesday
evening and will be delivered by Dr.
Louis C. Deane, whose subject will be
"Liquid Air.'"' A number ofinteresting
demonstrations 1 will" also be, given, to
illustrate c the power 0 of the scientific
discovery. The lecture will take place
at the Emanu-El Sisterhood Hall, 1248
Folsom street, between Eighth and
Ninth streets.
Cars Collide at Crossing.
An east-bound Geary-street car,
while crossing Devisadero street .be
tween 9 and 10 o'clock Saturday night,
was struck by a north-bjund "Devisa
dero-street electric car and knocked off
the track. Hiss S. Drlscoll, a vest
maker, living at 52<H2 Turk street, who
was a passenger on the electric car,
was thrown violently against the side
of the car, sustaining a wound over the
right eye and a sprain of the right
hand. She was taken to her home by
Policeman Jenkins.
>!>HONEY CITY. Pa.. Jan. 31.— Five rock
men were killed In the Maple Hill colliery of
the Philadelphia and Reading Coal and Iron
Company by an explosion of powder In a steel
cage in which they were beln? hoisted. The
explosion ripped the cage apart and the man-
Sled men fell SCO feet to the bottom of the
shaft. i^.'n.vrvfewtjKaeg
PlTTSBUrtG, Jan. ;>1.— V» r ork was practically
suspended to-day at. the Harwlck; mine, the
scene of last* week's explosion, and the! day
was civen up to memorial services and fu
nerals.
. Embroidered goods are rapidly suc
ceeding -the «drawn work formerly so
popular, but the latest fad is a combina
tion of drawn and embroidery work,
which is particularly fascinating. Buy
a gas range from S. F. Gas and Electric
Co., 415 Post street. •
SINGERS
TO GIVE
CONCERT
VOCALISTS WHO WILL SING
TO-MORROW ; NIGHT AT
"STEIN WAY HALL.
Grape Davis Northrup and
Mrs. O. Nicholson to
An evening song recital of unusual
interest is to be given to-morrow even
ing at Steinway Hafl by Mrs. Grace
Davis Northrup, ■ soprano, and Mrs.
Carroll Nicholson, contralto, with
Fred Maurer at the piano.
Mrs. Northrup and Mrs. Nicholson
are both well known in this city and
around the bay and are ranked among
our best soloists, their singing in con
cert, oratorio and church being of the
first order.
Mrs. Northrup's volte is of the
dramatic order, c!ear and strong, yet
very sweet and under perfect control
in the lighter tlorid music. Mrs. Nichol
son has a rich, velvety voice, of gBeat
compass, and she sings with marked
shading and°intelligence. The fact that
Mr. Maurer will be at the piano is suf
ficient evidence that" the /iccompani
ments will be handled' in a masterly
manner and proper support ■ be given
the soloisis.
Mrs. NorthrupV success in the "Sta-o
bat Mater," presented under Mascagnl's
direction during "his recent visit here,
her many appearances as soloist at the
Loring Club concerts, the Grand Army
Encampment receptions, Mechanics'
Pavilion concerts and oratorio and con
cert in all of the cities around the bay
have placed her among the favored so
pranos of the vicinity. Mrs."- Nichol
son's marked, successes in the presenta
tion of Handel's "Messiah" and other
leading oratorios In Oakland, her splen
did rendition of solos at- the recent
Bankers' convention .reception at the
Art Institute and other large receptions
and concerts have caused her to be re
garded among the best equipped con
traltos Jn our local society.
A jather novel feature of the enter
tajnment will be the fact, that several
society young ladles are to officiate in
the capacity of ushers during the even
ing.
The splendid blending of the soprano
and contralto voices during the even
ing's'recital'will.certainly be noted, as
it has been in the past, when Mrs. Nor
thrup and Mrs. Nicholson have ap
peared' together on the same pro
gramme.
The programme will be as follows:
(a> "A* Tol" Bembere
(b) "'Rest Thee; My Spirit'.".. Richard Strauss
Cc) "Cecily" .Richard. Strauss
Mrs.'.Nocthrup. .■.-*.'; ■_.
Duct • Brahms
(a) "The Path of Ix>ve."
Part I— "Over the Mountains."
Part II — "Can Skill Disentangle?"
(b) "The Sea."
■ Mrs. Northrup and Mrs. Nicholson.
<a> "Love" ; ;.>.... . .:.»Godard
(b) "Expectation" • Saint Saens
<c> "Spirit Sons" 0732-1809) Haydn
(d) "The Wood pecker" Nevln
(e) "Shouggle Shou" T.Henschel
,.'■.'. Mr?. Nicholson.
Scene and Duef(Alda and Amnerls)/ "Alda"
• ". Verdi
Mrs; Northruo ana Mrs. Nicholson.
(a) "Thine Eyes So Blue and Tender".. Lessen
(b) "Serenade" •' ;. .Saint Saens
(c> "The Flrat Meeting" (1S70) Grieg
(d) "Now Joan Ardently" (from- "Death of
Joan of Arc"). . ••-••• Bembergr
• Mrs.'-'Ncrthrup.
M , "Erlnnerung". ..... . . • . Max Snicker
(b) "Sonnet d'Amour" ;. ...... ...Frances Thorn*
(c) "My Hear*. Is. Wear}" (Xadeschda). .....'
..;...;...•.••••••••*• Gorlnj Thomas
Mrs. Nicholson. •,
Duet, "In Shady Retreat."- "Ukme". .Dellb*s
»r Mrs. ■ Northrup and ■ Mrs. Nlcholsos. I
Xew Language- Methods.
French schools ;have.«(lopteA a tofle
for modern language teaching based on
the direct method *n<l providing:, for a
six ; years'.', course: : For the flr«t two
years the teaching Is . essentially ©rat,
for. the neKtUwo' more tfceorettcai." ♦nd
In the final' two composition •n4«tjrle
predominate. . Wora ,- for srord trt nila*
tlons'are not ?equlr«a.,lH gramma* ih«
rule alwayft /ollom's the example.*^?? tur
York Commerciti'AUyejrUBen '
Hospitable Hosts Hasten to Entertain, for It Is Bad
Form to Disturb the Lenten Quiet.
With the Lenten season only two
weeks away, many are the announce
ments of betrothals and nuptials that
come to our willing ears. And then six
weeks of passive rest. But when
Easter .comes, with its glad revival,
then wiil the wedding bells ring merrily
once more. As for: house parties, 1 the
hospitable host is hastenlr^. to enter
tain her friends during these few weeks,
for, it- is essentially bad; form— to say
nothing, of the religious phase of it—
to entertain- or. ba entertained during
Lent. ... . •
Wedded.
The .weddlne of David Kelly and
Agnes C.Coleman took place in St.
Patrick's Church on Wednesday morn
ing, January 20. The bride was attend
ed at the altar by Miss Catherine Cant
well and the groom -by, Richard Blake.
The ushers were Donald McKinnon and
Leo Blake. The ceremony "was per
formed by the ' Rev. P. * J. Cummings
and was followed by a nuptial mass.
The altar. was decorated for the occa
sion: The young couple will reside in
this. city. - .
Engaged.
Mrs. Pauline d'Ennery announces
the engagement qf her daughter. Rosine
to Philip J. Schmidt. The young people
will receive on Sunday, February 14, at
Ic96 Post street, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Club Parties.
Forty-five of ' the , firm of
Baker & Hamilton attended their sec
ond annual , banquet on Saturday
evening, January 23, In the banquet
hall of a down-town restaurant. The
banquet . was • given? in honor of their
champion football team. J. K. Burke
occupied . the center of the board and
made a. very cleveV toastmaster. Dur
ing the evening Manager A. C. Rulfson
gave an Interesting toast on "Ambi
tion," J. C. Beatty ably responding
with a toast to 'the firm of Baker &
Hamilton. C. Jeffress, captain .of the
football team, thanked' his° men for
their good playing; James Keller gave
a toast to "Women." Henry Lark gave
a witty sketch on "Why I "Live in Oak
land." The banquet hall was artistically"
decorated. Among those present were
the following:
N. F. Andru«s, Charles Bekeart. Roy Boyd
A. L. Bowley, Harry Bultman. J. K. Burke j'
C. Beatty. George L. Baker, Henry Baumgar
ten. W. J. Carlisle. Al Crozier. H. P. Crozter
Charles Crawford. W. Cortelyou. Leslie Childs
Alvera. H. Ebblnhauaer, "3. W Egan, Louis
Frahm. Albert E. Fisk, . L. "Eberllne. James
Griswold, Harry Groves, .7. Oliver Greenwell
Edward Harris. Percy F. Hannigan. Clark
Huelsill, Edward Johnson. Charles R. John
son, Clarence Jeffress; James L. Keller, M. J.
K*nny. William I.oe, Kvert Ludd4n, H. E
Lark. Frank McCoy, H. Morley. George Moore,
CHINESE HAVE STRANGE"
IDEA OF ANATOMY
Believe the Unman- Body Contains
Fire. Water. Earth and
Souic Metals.
No Chinese representative of the
healing art has ever dissected any por
tion of the human frame. Accordingly
their ideas of Anatomy and physiology
are matters bt faith — confirmed by
images which have been reproduced
during untold, centuries, says American
Medicine. Their osteology teaches that
the skull is formed of one bone; so is
the pelvis; the number of ribs varies
with the individual, and at the junction
of the arm with the forearm is placed
a cubital patella. According to Chinese
snjanchology, the small intestine com
municates with the cavity of the heart,
while the colon, after describing sixteen
circumvolutions, terminates by opening
into the lung. The heart governs the
vital processes -^ in co-operation with
the cavity of the stomach it supplies
all ideas and all pleasurable sensations.
The liver is the habitat of the soul, and
it is from this gland that all noble and
generous sentiments emanate. -'
The gall bladder is a receptacle of
courage; its ascent in the body is the
cause of a fit of anger. They have
an idea of the continuous motion of;
the blood, but it seems to be' the pro
duct of an imagination more riotously
Oriental than even that which created
the other items of their physiologic
knowledge. They do not know the pul
monary circulation: they, naturally,
know nothing of the valves in thfe
veins; they do not even appear to have
quite grasped the- motor function of
the heart itself; but they nevertheless
profess to differentiate no less than
seventy-four varieties of pulse — simul
taneously' recognizable on, the person
of a single individual! In its ultimate
structure the body is composed^ of five
elements-t-flre, water, earth, wood and
metal. Each of these elements is in
a harmonious rapport with the corre
sponding members of the series of five
planets, five metals, five solid viscera,
five colors and five tastes. All diseases
originate from disturbances of the pri
mary and essential quintic harmonies
of these correlations.— Exchange.
The Xew Medal of Honor.
• The Consresslonal medal of honor
has so many points of resemblance to
the medal of the Grand Army of the
Republic that one is frequently mis
taken for the other. For that reason
a new design has been made for the
medal of honor? with a view of mak
ing it more distinctive. It is a five
pointed star, like the old medal, but
differs from it in many essential fea
tures. The design "was prepared by a
committed selected by Secretary
Root. composed of General Gillespie,
chief of engineers, and. General Hor
ace Porter. United States Embassador
to France. It has received the" ap
provalof the L.egion.of the Medal of
Honor and many Medal of Honor men.
Congres^ has been asked to appropri
ate 112,000 to provide for the manu
facture* of S000 medals of the new de
sijrnc—.Washington Post.
Getting Even.
Fewvoperier. f confidentially)— "That
woman I just seated is Mrs. Stuckup.
She had m« sent •round to the back
Aogt ene da*, when I called at her
house on' a business errand. Mad* me
transact >.4ht business through a. ser
vant. t_6o>lBut I'Te' »ot "even with her. V
; Fflend«-'*"'VVhjf. jrou have jrlven her
one of trie toe'it pewa in. tnec fturch/V
'.-.' pew»opener*-»"WaH halt »n hour.
Bh«'«Just •rhere » stained «las» win
dow win th*ow»re<i lifht «rj.'Jier
nqse.'V-'Ptek'Me-lj'Pi
W. E. Orr. Earnest Price. Minor Richardson.
Charles Rohrbacher. Wilfred K. Slater. Clyde
Thompson, A. Van Dyck and Claude Wagner.
The ladies of the .Commandery
Euchre Club will give a dinner and
card party at the Occidental Hotel on
February 12, at which they will enter
tain their husbands and a few other
guests. The affair is in charge of Mrs.
E. O. Rieser, president of the club,
who will be assisted in receiving by
Mrs. C. L. Haskell. Mrs. A. P. Wood
ward, Mrs. A. McFadyen, Mrs. John
Bennett and Mrs. A. W. Scott.
The California "Women's Whist
League held its regular monthly meet
ing on Thursday morning, January 28,
to elect new members and transact
business of importance. The league
finds its financial condition very flour
ishing and is preparing to hold its
much talked of evening meeting in the
near future, when the members may
invite their gentlemen friends and
relatives. A delicious luncheon was
served by Miss Nellie King, who sup
plied many dainty dishes. The Mon
day prize on January 25 was won by
Mrs. James Gallagher. The fifth
game of the duplicate series was play
ed in the afternoon and the following
ladies made high plusses:
Mesdames Cllne, Olllver. Ryan. Averlll, Wel
don. Redell, McCartney. Andrews, Jones.
O'Brien. Morrill.. Shetterly, Costello. M. Mil
ler. Grissim. Uuffey.
Several of the ladies belong to one
of the Jefferson Square bowling clubs
and spent a delightful afternoon on
Wednesday, afterward enjoyitig an
auto ride to the Pre'sidio. Mrs. Frances
Young and her sister, Mrs. Richardson,
are skillful bowlers, the latter having
been presented with a stickpin for the
highest ladies' score made since the
opening of the club.
The El Alma Cotillon held its leap
year party on Friday evening. It was
the last dance^°of the season. The
dance was successfully conducted by
six very popular young ladies, each
wearing a colored ribbon with an in
scription. A new figure in the german
was danced, led on one side by Miss
E. M. Thomsen and Berry E. Drown
and on the other by*. Miss M. Frey and
Aldace Walker. Miss Thomsen and
Miss Mirskey have proved themselves
to be very competent floor managers.
The committee in general consisted of
Miss E. Thomsen. Miss M. Mirskey,
Miss H. Mohr. Miss McCloskey, Miss
D. Upham and 0 Miss Hussey. "
Home Parties.
•An informal affair was given at the
home of Miss Maybelle Ayres on the
evening of January „ 34. Progressive
whist was played, and a few of the
GARRISON REPULSES • ' ; *.
ATTACK BY NATIVES
German Force Defending Oniarurru
Holds Out Against Besieging
Rebel:*.
BERLIN, Jan. 31. — A despatch re
ceived here from Swakopmund, Ger
man Southwest Africa, says that, since
January 21. three men have been
killed in sorties from Okahanja
against the besieging rebel natives.
The garrison at Omarurru repulsed a
severe attack on January 27, 'and it Is
assumed that Otimbingwe also is be
sieged^ Repairs to the railroad be
yond Karikib have been commenced.
Okahanja « is a mission i station
eighty miles from Walfisch Bay. It
was reported recently that the Kaffirs
had effected a junction with the
Hereros. who were besieging that
pface. which was being defended by
Lieutenant Seufew with 200 men.
Clerks Install Ofliccrs.
The Grocery Clerks' Union held its
annual installation' of officers on Sat
urday night. After the installation a
varied programme was rendered. The
following were installed: President,
Elery D. Montrose; first vice president,
E. H. Kahl; second vice president, J.
H. Johnson; financial secretary, E. >».
Reilinger; recording secretary, Eugene
M. Levy; treasurer. Ad Muegge; trus
tees, William Stautz, T. Joost. August
Johnson: guide. W. H. Welby; inside
guard, J. H. McCormick.
To-day women are admitted to the
.bar on equal terms with men in thirty
four States of the Union.
POSTTJM CEBEAL.
A TURN OF THE
Book Seller's Art
OVER 10,000,000 COPIES
OF THE FAMOUS BOOK,
"f he Road to WeUviile,"
Have been furnished the people, in miniature copies,
• i O
Found in every package of Po*tum Food Coffee and Grape-Nuls.
Safe to say you will read it from, cover to cover before \t'> laid down.
Telephone Grocer, lot » package of GrapfNuts or Postum, and the
guests who did not participate in that
amusement were entertained with vocal
and instrumental music. Prizes were
won by Miss Esther Herbst and A. D.
Lobree. Refreshments were served in
the library, which was beautifully deco
rated with palms, lilies of the valley
and violets. Among those present were:
Misses Hazel Caro. Laura Levy. Belle Url.
Etta Goodday. Harriet Herbst. Juliet Levy.
Esther Herbst. M.iybelle Ayres. Messrs. Ben
Pchler. Abe Koskie, Jack Herbst. William
Eoyle. B. T. Ayres. A. D. lobree. Herman
Herbst. Newton Cohn, Morris Schneider, I. F.
Goodday and Dave Koxminsky.
Miss Laura Todd entertained a num
ber of friends at dinner at her home at
the Argyle. 234 McAllister street. Janu
ary 22, In honor of Mrs. Mary E. Hart
of Nome, Alaska. Music and descrip
tive stories of the far north were the
order of the evening. Among those
present were:
Mrs. Mary E. Hart, Mr». Madge Morris
"Wairnir. Miss Winchel. Mr. and Mrs. R. A.
Norman. Alias Laura Todd, B. F. Welch. A.
E. Norman and F. G. Todd. "."..- •
A very pleasant evening was spent at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Leon Dea
nery, 2930 Webster street, on Saturday
evening, January 23. A programme was
given consisting of a barytone solo by
Fred Glanini, songs by Messrs. Che
ney. Clayton. Vaughn, Newman and
Anderson and the Golden City Minstrel
Quartet. Dancing followed, after which
the guests repaired to the dining-room.
Among those present were:
Mr. and Mr3. Leon Dennery, Edward Den»
nery. Mr. and Mrs. Low, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Black. Mr. and Mrs. W. Vaushn. Mr. and Mr».
J. Rosenberg. Mrs. P. P. McDonoufth. Mrs. M.
Clark. Mrs. L. Meyer. Miss S. Meyer, Miss
F. Bers, and Messrs. B. Hawks. S. A. New
man. Guy Clayton. F. Glanini, A. Anderson,
Harvey. Grey, Soufllnir. Schloss. Ambrose. Ccl
lette. Ed Hogan.. S. Rosenberg, A. Rosenberg
and M. Rosenberg.
Personals.
Mrs. Julia Sedkin is spending a few
weeks with her relatives, Mr. and Mrs.
Aron Silver, in Los Angeles.
The Misses Rosenblatts, who have
been spending the winter in this city,
have left for the East via Los An
geles.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Manasse have
moved from 865 Post street to 2410
Washington.
Miss Amy O'Neil will leave to-day
for Los Angeles, where she -will remain
for two weeks, after which she will
proceed to San Diego to remain in
definitely.
Mrs. Rose Harris of La Grande. Or.,
is visiting her sister. Mrs. A. Davis,
and will be pleased to see her friends
Sunday. February 7. at 1260 Ninth
avenue. Sunset District, south of Gold
en Gate Park.
Miss Hattie Mooser of 1125 Geary
street will sail on the steamship Korea
for Shanghai, China, on February 20.
GILLETT SAYS HE WILL
SETTLE WITH CREDITORS
Former Kansas Cattle Man. Now In
Mexico, Makes Definite Proposi
tion to Pay His Debts. Y> .
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 31.— Grant C.
Gillett. the former Kansas cattle
plunger, who fled to Mexico three years
ago, has made a definite move to settle
with his creditors, to whom he owes
an aggregate sum estimated at $1,500.
000. Local creditors have received a
draft from Gillett for a sum sufficient to
pay the expenses of a committee to go
to. Mexico and inspect the ex-Kansan'a
mining holdings, from the development
of which he hopes to pay his debts. The
committee will start for Mexico about
February 15. A month ago Gillett, who
had returned to the United States to
visit relatives, offered, from Fostorla.
Ohio, to meet his creditors in Kansas
City, but failed to appear on the data
set.
Want Better Streets.
The executive committee of the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs
has forwarded a petition to Mayor
Schmitz and the Boaru of Public
Worka requesting that they take im
mediate action to have the streets in
the Mission and south of Market street
districts cleaned and repaired.
Tries to End Her Life.
Mrs. Mary Sheridan, a domestic, <50
years old, turned on the gas in her
room at 1540 Polk street last night.
She was discovered about midnight and
taken to the Emergency Hospital. The
doctors say she will probably die.
56
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Our Friend the 'Animal
BT F. L. OSWALD. A. M.. M. D.
[Author of "Physical Education." "Tlie_ Reme
dies cl Nature." Etc.]
(Copyright. 1K04. by Joseph' B. Bowles.)
An American scientist a fe # w months
ago published a list of "lost arts." but
failed to include the long-neglected art
of keeping youngsters out of mischief.
The free circus games of classic an
tiquity solved the problem Tor 800 years.
They had nothing to do with man
slaughter in Greece, little or nothing in
nine-tenths of the Roman provinces.
Most of the country towns were too
poor to indulge in gladiatorial festivals
and indemnified themselves with acro
batics and zoological side shows. The
Roman lanistea. or dealers in wild
beasts, had agents in every seaport
town and customers in every city, from
Syria to Spain. . The citizens insisted
on free thows.
The supply of that demand cost the
Government millions in standing
arenas, but saved billions in standing
armies. It had to feed and train all
the monsters it could get hold of, but
even a few boxes full of dragons would
have been cheaper than barracks full
of dragoons; batches of grizzlies less
expensive than battalions of grena
diers. ' •*>
Titus. Trajan and Hadrian often
turned loose a hundred trained lions in
one day; but they kept the world quiet
with twenty-five legions. They knew
that they had to choose between recre
ations and revolutions, between menag
eries and mutinies. All in all, theirs
was a choice of lesser evils. ?; -
Their committees of free popular en
tertainment have piven way to asso
ciations for the suppression of popular
pastimes; and military expenditures
have increased twenty-eight times. De
prived of the spice that would make
the bread of toll digestible, millions
having yielded to the temptation of
fuddling with conspiracies. Blue laws
have provoked the red flag of anarchy.
And as sure as the burden of the war
tax will finally become intolerable, the
alternative of classic Rome will have
to l»e readopted; but reform, like char
ity. Fhould begin at home.
We should try the zoological recipe to
banish the tedium of our firesides. Pre
stntinR a family with a cage full of
parrots might keep the too convivial
pater familias more at home. Master
Tom mipht find coons more entertain
ing than cards. Jocko might prevent
The station agent of a little Texas
border town a few years go had a
oair of capuchin monkeys left on his j
hands, and finding time between traim
rather dull, decided to adopt the weaz
cn-faoed waifs. There was a big pile
of old boxes in the rear of his freight- I
house, and with a dime's worth of wire
nai!s and e> Ht'.le blue paint he con
triveu to rig out quite an attractive
looking ape asylum. Besides a hay
stuffed dormitory and a big feeding
trough, the prisoners had a water tank.
a horizont_l bar, a grapple swing and
several playthings that could be rolled j
around the sand-covered eround floor. !
Thus encouraged, the four-hanJed ac
robat- "acted" while daylight lasted,
and if applause can reward accom
plishment had no cause for complaint.
The platform of the little freight depot
was crowded with sightseers. Traffic
Improved, shippers would go out of
their way to patronize that special sta
tion and get an excuse for enjoying the
free show. In rainy weather the
youngsters of the neighboring school
house, who used to pass their recess in
a vacant tobacco barn now made a
rush for the "monkey house" and
agreed to respect the by-law against
smoking. There was an anti-rowdy
regulation, too, and young hoodlums
behaved to propitiate the proprietor of
the free circus. The only malcontent
of the settlement was the owner of a
Mexican restaurant, wfth dramshop
annex.
Before the summer had lasted a
month loafing in the Mexican's den
had almost stopped. To accommodate
the crowd the free museum was now
and thrn shifted to an adjoining wood
shed, where an amphitheater of cord
wood offered a chane ; for - eserved
seats. Visitors came from distant
ranches for the special purpose of see
ing the capuchins act, and applause
before long led to imitation. The at
tractions of the woodshed tabernacle
were completed by all sorts of gymnas
tic apparatus. Even the Mexican then
recouped his losses; his youngsters
peddled cakes and soda water. There
was a slight risk of more tonic bever
ages, but the station agent could quote
the regulation against the sale of in
toxicants.
A zoological .museum with a temper
ance restaurant could be made a factor
of 1 Torm in hundreds of American
country towr.s. ' A free exhibition of
boa constrictors would save the natives
from the risk of more distressing ser
pents.
But for purposes of domestic redemp
tion even a case full of white rats
would often give desired results. There
is no end of fun watching the tricks of
the indefatigable little foragers, and
the jxmultiply like patriots in a pension
office.
The speckled varieties of pet rats are
as active as weasels and bold enough
to tackle competitors ten times their
size. If permitted to run about the
floor they have no hesitation to charge
muskrats and even rabbits, three or
four bouncers sneaking up from differ
ent sides and then making a simulta
neous rush, on Von Moltke's principle
of converging march routes.
An amusing phenomenon is the danc
ing mania of pet cranes, that can be
bought on the Rio Grande for $1 apiece.
Standing listless on one foot, the Amer
ican cousin of the stork might be sus
pected of paralysis, but suddenly start
ins as from a dream will flop his wings
nnd dance about in a circle, then for
ward aga!n like the leader of a minuet,
or even backward, with zigzag hops, all
lh« while turning his head left " and
risht. like a star actor challenging ad
rr.Jration.
Cranes arc first-class frog catchers
nnd almost equally adroit mousers. The
unsuspicious appea.rr.nco of their long,
rtWMk* less tempts rodents to ap
pronch them v.-ilhin a few feet, and
mf re'y j o stop in surprise at the first
sHffht motion . of the watcher's head,
Arhcn the sharp bill suddenly descends
with the swiftness <t, an arrow or of a
whaler's harpoon. That prehensile
?in ar gives the autocrat of the lagoons
an almost unfair advantage; hie cap
tives may twist and bite, but might as
well try to gnaw the fangs of a steel
trap. •...•-.
Cure for Cupid's Ills.
nv t HAfU.ES FREDEJIIC GO5IP. IVI>.
(Author or ¦Tfl»i» JWem&tioft »i David Cor-
iCopyright. 1!#C ttf . Jo*?»TT U. gowt«i.i
And #o, you young "engaged'* people
think 5"t*i can "make each other over"
after you are maxrietf? Ah! • Perhaps
you also think you can cure a cat from
scratching, a dog from fcltlng And a
horse from balking! You evidently
know but little about the -vitality and
obstinacy of personal characteristics.
When a young girl talks glibly about
reforming a drunkard, we old fellows,
who know life, must be pardoned if we
heave a sigh. When a young man con
fides in us that his sweetheart is a
llirt, but that he proposes to "take it
out vf her" after the wedding day, we
cannot help shaking our heads. If you
want to make any great change in
your loved one, better try it before the
wedding ceremony. It will certainly
be easier then than later on. Remem
ber, please, that though you do your
hair up 'in curl paper every night, it
always unkinks on. the following day.
The old proverb does not say — as the
wife inclines .the husband bends!
Ask people who have been married
twenty-five or thirty years whether
they have ever succeeded in effecting
any great alterations in: each other's
character, i Xinety-nine out of a hun
dred will answer emphatically, No!
What they have all observed is the con
stant intensification of original char
acteristics. Or, where great changes
have come, they are not along the lines
they had marked 'out.' The fact of the
matter is (however little to our credit)
human nature resents deliberate efforts
at alteration by others. Constant and
reiterated criticism and correction
anger us and produce an obstinate re
action. We can change little children,
but not "grown-ups." "It is hard to
teach an old doer new tricks." Let a
woman tell her husband three times a
day "not to eat with his knife," and at
the end of a month he will probably
throw his fork out of the. window. JLet
a woman ask her husband every time
he goes out of doors if he has brushed
his hair, and some night he will come
home with it shaved close to his head.
Too much and too oft repeated criticism
raises an evil spirit in us.
The bottom facts about the influence
of married people over each other are
these: Influence here (as everywhere)
is largely unconscious. What we really
try to do, we fail to accomplish. If we
alter each other at all, it Is in unex
pected ways, and almost invariably by
example and not by criticism or sug
gestion.
Did you ever happen to notice that
the marriage ceremony sayB— not will
you "make" each other better or
worse, but will you "take" each
other for better or for worse? There
is nothing better worth remembering
than this— that we "take" each other
for what we are, and not for what we
can "make" each other to become.
Nothing but disappointment and un
happiness can result from these nae
ging efforts to alter the characteristics
and dispositions of our husbands and
wives. It is easy not only to drive
them into open rebellion, but to goad
ourselves into unhappiness over their
most trivial defects.
Suppose a man's wife has a snub
nose! He has to put up with it> doesn't
he? Could anything be more foolish
than for him to say, "Until this wo
man gets that snub out of her nose
I will not even enjoy her pretty hair
and her beautiful teeth!" You may
reply that this is a physical and ir
remediable defect, but that her bad
grammar or her carelessness about her
attire is not! Well, you may argue as
you will, your dilemma remains the
same. You can either overlook a de
fect you cannot cure and enjoy virtues
that are real and beautiful, or you
can keep nagging way at this one 1 de
fect until you are both of you mad,
and the happiness has all gone out of
your home.
Of course there are vices of the soul
which I do not believe we are called
upon to endure in one another. There
are even minor deficiencies of a nature
against which we ought perhaps to
make a resolute stand. But these are
only the exceptions.
The rule is— take each other as you
are! Overlook the imperfections that
you cannot cure. Keep your thoughts
away from them. Pass them by. There
are quiet, gentle ways of exerting a
pressure on the bad habit, if you only
do not let it irritate you and make
your heart unhappy. But it is a
thousand times better to let it alone
and forget it. Just' keep thinking about
all those other good and noble quali
ties!
Isn't it a dreadful thing to see some
super-refined and hypercritical woman
allowing herself to be exasperated by
her husband's habit of picking his
teeth, to such a degree that his de
votion, purity, unselfishness, courage
and honor are all forced into , an
eclipse? The habit is a bad one — yes!
But it isn't bad enough to' justify your
riling his temper and rousing the' devil
that lies buried in his heart. And' it
isn't bad enough to warrant your get
ting that excitable spirit of yours all
perturbed. Just try and remember how
easy it is to become critical and how
like a maggot the fault-finding dispo
sition grows.
War Over Mills.
In the case of Ada Crowling vs. Joe
Mudrow, recently decided in the Su
preme Court of Arkansas, a controversy
involving one-quarter of a cent was
decided. The* case involved the title
to a piece of land which had been sold
for taxes, and the title was attacked
because of the alleged Illegal sale.
The case was tried on an agreed
statement of facts, which showed that
the legal amount for which it could be
sold was $4 28%, while the sale was
made by the collector for $4 29, thus
exceeding the legal amount by one
quarter of 1 cent. In the opinion Jus
tice Hughes said:
"The only question in this case is.
Does a sale of land for one-Quarter of
a cent more than Is due upon it render
the sale void? It is true that a sale of
land for taxes for an amount substan
tially in excess of the amount due upon
It will render the sale void. But in
this case the overcharge was not sub
stantial, being for only one-quarter of
a cent, an amount less than the least
coin issued by the Government.
"To hold this sale invalid would seem
to be absurd. There would be no wa%
of making the exact change, and it
seems trivial, and more reasonable that
the party whose duty it was' to pay the
tax should pay one-quarter of a cent
too much than that the Government
should lose three-quarters of a cent.
The excess in this case was trifling and
did not invalidate the sale."— American
Legal Xews. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALU, MONDAY^ FEBRUARY 1; 1904,
JOHN D. SFKECKELS. Piofiletor . . . . ...... Address All tsmnatoXenito JOHN EeJUUSBT* B£m^ct
Publication OfBco ,. <^|§|l|^i> •••• .Tbtofl aad Marts* Cawtt, & F.
MONDAY...... ............ .........^.M*.;.. .......;;. ...., isw.W., ,...?.. >^i.....i.FEBRyARYi.l9O4
TRADE MORE UNSETTLED. .
COMMERCIAL conditions were not as bright last
week as daring the several preceding weeks. In
tensely cold weather checked all branches of busi
ness for several days and seriously interfered with rail
way transportation, while reports from the iron and steel
industry were unfavorable. The spring demand for mer
chandise, just opening, was brought almost to a standstill
by the zero weather, and building operations in a Urge
number m cities and towns were almost, suspended.
Speculation, too, which was showing signs "of resump
tion, fell off again, and altogether the situation prt«efit«d
a quiet** asptctj while there was less optimism expressed
in the regular weekly "reports ta the different mercantile
agencies, i'or all of these less favorable the
weather w»s probably largely responsible* Nobody &els
like <Toi«g business or moving goods with the thermom
eter ranging from.ze"ro to 40 and 50 degree* below. -C\ ''■
The South, however, being out of the path of the re
markable cold wave, sent in gooct reports, the section
feeling the stimulus of the boom in cotton. High 'prices
for this great staple have sent a thrill over the whole
Southern region and an enormous acreage is promised
for the coming season. Toward the close of the week
there was a break in prices, however, and an enormous
business in futures was done at New. York and New Or
leans. 0 The bulls were still full of confidence, however,
the leaders were heavy buyers at the declin o e and the
week closed firm. /But those interests handling cotton in
a legitimate way, such as wholesalers and manufacturers,
continued to regard the rrfarket with a cautious eye and
bought ho more thtm absolutely necessary to fill imme
diate requirements. The future o°f cotton goods is caus
ing a good deal. of speculation among manufacturers re
garding the course of quotations, during the ( year, and all
mills show a disposition to go slowly and thus avoid
being, caught with large lines of high-priced material,
which the public may not be able to take off their hands.
The iron and steel trade", tdo,is in. aft unsettjed condi
tion. The returns f/ojn the, industry *at the close of .the
year are reported less encouraging and rumors of a pro
posed cut in quotations make the trade shy about oper
ating. The Iron Age in a recent rather pessimistic re
view of the. market, bluntly said that the conditions were
less favorable and that the trade must adjust itself to
them. These rumors and admissions from, well-posted
authorities affected the stock o market,*and the further re
port that the dividend on the preferred stock of the
steel corporation might be reduced produced an'unfa
vorable effect on Wall streetand sent the whole line of
stocks down several points. The bull leaders, "tired of
sustaining the market, quietly stepped aside and the
market fell? back of its own weight. Private wires from
New York brokers to their San Francisco correspondents
said that the bull interests found themselves confronted
by a stope wall, that they were loaded with large lines
of stocks without a market and that, though large inter
ests were still arrayed on the bull side, the bears were
steadily becoming more aggressive. .«/.;.
Another disturbing feature in the stock market wKich
led to the weakening in values was the freely expressed
opinion that cheap and plentiful montfy was not likely.tb
continue much longeft Early ratification of tjie Panama
canal treaty, .wolild moon the. payment of millions of dol
lars to Panama and the canal coif.pany stockholders, while
there are certain overhanging new capital issues which
might draw on the money market and thus advance
rates. Another factor in this situation is the decline in
th£ inflow of currency to New York. Of course much of
this is hypothetical and may not occur; but it has its ef
fect, on the money market just the same.- When mopey
is concerned a rumor is often more potent than a fact in
depressing the market. We igiow the fact and can see
what h is doing, but we do not know what a rumor may
result in, and uncertainty stops the financial machinery
until the outlook becomes more clearly N defined. .
The situation in the We'St, like that in the East, has"
been more uncertain of late. The large outside pu.r
chasing^of prpvisions, . wlfich has recently been the chief
feature on~ the Chicago Board of Trade, is diminishing,
and though the packers have unloaded large lines of their
product on* the general public stocks are reported ac
cumulating; receipts of hogs are larger than a year ago
and a continued liberaj. movement in hogs is freely pre
dicted, which points to lower quotations for provisions,
later on. The tendency now is to sell, as the market is
becoming rather unwieldy. The crop" outlook continues
good, as the wheat is well covered with snow and thus
protected from the freezing weather over a great portion
of the belt, and tho'ugh the top growth of the plant is
small the root growth is healthy and enlarging. The
wheatr.market itself presents no especially new features.
The world has plenty of the grain, is not buying with
any 'eagerness, and whatever excitement appears in the
market is caused by th§ manipulations of Armour, who
is doing something or other with the market, nobody
knows exactly what.
The 'bank clearings of the country still continue above
$2,000,000,000 per week and the losses and gains as com
pared with the corresponding period in .1903 are about
equally" distributed among the largest cities, the net in
crease lor the week being 1.2 per cent. The increase at
New York was practically rill, being .8 pef cent, and the
largest increase was at New. Orleans, 81.2 per cent, due
wholly to the enormous dealings in cotton there. Pitts
burg, the center oMhe'iron and steel industry, lost, 22.1
per cent, and Chicago, the center of the grain and pro
vision trades, lost .3 per -cent. The failures during the
week were 302, against 243 last year, while the railway
earnings for January were 3.8 per cent larger than in Jan
uary, 1903.
Conditions on this coast remain as previously reported.
The markets here are now largely a question of weather.
There has been, sufficient rainfall in the central and
northern- parts of the State for the present, but the south
is still suffering, with the cattle and sheep dying in some
of the southern counties. Taking the State as a wlible
the crop outlook is fair and the commercial and financial
situation excellent.
THE FERRY ODORS.
THE letter from a subscriber which appeared in The
Call January 28 suggesting that a sure way to re
mind San Franciscans at the; St. Lbuis Exposition
of home would be to there reproduce in the copy of the
union ferry depot the 'familiar odors "of stale fish, de
cayed vegetables, horse manure „■ and other vile smells
through which the commuters have -to pass," "has inspired
another open letter printed in this paper on the 30th inst.
to the same end and suggesting that . a remedy in 'the
shape of frequent washing of the docks be applied.
There can be no question las to the justice of com-
plaint in this matter, but frequent washing of the docks
is not the remedy. The cause itself should be removed.
The experience of a thousand or more passengers dodg
ing for their lives horses attached to heavily laden
wagons filled with all manner of materials not primarily
intended as Arabian perfumes is not a comfortable one.
Standing trucks of poultry, fish, fruit and vegetables, each
adding its .unit to the ill-smelling whole/are scarcely
esthetic and are very disagreeable if not unhealthy. Any
one familiar with the ferry knows what is referred to,
»f>d to jnaJte a verbal analysis of its too familiar smells
Would fee ; impossibft. There is a 0 nuisance .there which
has been xoieratrd too long «n<i should be removed. Th«
terminus of a great transcontinental railroad/ which. 'is
the gateway throjtgh which thousand*. pour almost con
stantly from its overland and suburban traffic. Justifies
providing « passageway fof.passtrtgefs away from the
datfgejf t>i teams and the offenses spoken of (•' -
"\ There, is one other point in this connection which may
be noted in the interest of comfort, if not health, and that
is the open drinking water tanks on the main deck's of
many of the ferry boats. A rusty tin cup hangs by a
chain and the thirsty are compelled to dip down into the
common pot, where thousands of others' have dipped be
fore them. They dip, sip^ and drip. this. corporation nec
tar, and not infrequently what is left in the cup is
thriftily returned to its common font to mix with the
like savings of thousand^ of others, but to be again
dipped up and dripped back by the next thirsty victim.
The custom of drinking- from the water that has been
touched to the lips of some men might be dangerous.
The matter'could be easily remedied by simply using a
closed tank with a faucet.
San Francisco must keep , pace with the best that is,
and while she may not be expected to 'welcome all guests
at her front door with cut flowers she must at least show
the common courtesies attaching to a host by providing
pure water and a clean entrance to the city.
In its efforts to ferret out the terrorizing rascal' that
sought to levy blackmail by the threat of wreck and
wholesale murder the Southern Pacific Company is doing
the State a distinct service by rounding up ex-convicts
abroad in the land. It is well to keep an eye on these
worthies and trust only to that reformation which the
menace of penitentiary gates inspires.
FEDERAL PROHIBITION.
AN attempt is on in Congress to make the Federal
Government a participant in the sumptuary sys
tem of the States^whicii affect to prohibit the use
of liquors. In soifte of sucK States liquors, even wine,
beer and cider, are outlawed; they, cease to be property
and are subject to seizure and destruction, leaving' the
owner without recovery or remedy.
Up to this time the right of a citizen to have in his own
house and for his own use liquors has been protected by
the interstate commerce . laws. When sent 'from one
State into another io the original package property in
liquor has been inviolable. A citizen of Kansas can buy
a case. of wine in California and have it shipped to his
home for use as part of the diet on his own table, and
the prohibition law of Kansas cannot touch it because it
is commerce originating in another State. Now it- is
proposed to stop this. Mr. Hepburn, who represents a
prohibition State in Congress, has introduced into the
House a bill which provides that when liquor in original
package is consigned from one State into another as
soon as it enters the State of its destination becomes
subject to all the laws of the latter State.
This means that when a case of California wine enters
Kansas, consigned to a citizen. of that State for his pri
vate use. it ceases to be property.. The car or warehouse
or the owner's house may be entered by force and the
wine taken out- and destroyed! The proponents of the
bill claim for Congress the right to pass it under that
clause in. the Federal constitution which gives to Con
gress the right to regulate commerce between the States.
We are not aware that the courts haye yet held that
under that grant of power Congress may destroy com
merce between the States. Wine is an important article"
of commerce produced in California." Has Congress the
right to prohibit commerce therein between California
and Kansas, Iowa, Maine, Texas and South Carolina?
It is known that in the prohibition cult tobacco ranks
next to liquor. How long will it be before that is pro
hibited by the same^States and the tobacco producing
States will fall under Federal prohibition of their com
merce? "When the right of sumptuary legislation is once
conceded a wide field is opened for interference with
natural* right.
• It is a dangerous experiment for Congress to destroy
the equal application of the commercial law of the coun
try by forbidding commerce between any of the States in
any property that has legal existence and protection at
the place of its origin. •.
In morals it is a serious question whether force has
ever produced permanent good. The work* of Father
Mathew and the old .Washingtbnians did more for ab
stention from the abuse of liquor than has. been done by
the modern idea of force. Congress should long con
sider before it makes the Federal Government a party to
the idea of forcing morals or religion by law upon any of
bur citizens. ... ■:, '' . . &MWB&
POWER AND LIGHT.
THE annual number of The Journal of Electricity,
Power and Gas constitutes a valuable contribution
to the- journalistic record of the progress of San
Francisco along all lines of industrial development. The
number is creditable not only to the management of the
Journal, but' to the city as well;, for it affords evidence
that in our structural work and in our use of electrical
energy and. electrical appliances we .are * abreast of the
mo«t progressive cities of the age. ' .
There is no longer any doubt that electricity is to
furnish most of .the artificial power and. light used by
civilization in the immediate future;: but comparatively
few people realize to what extent it already provides for
the heeds of the city in those respects. The various arti
cles of this annual of the Journal will, therefore, furnish
Something of surprise to its readers, for while it is in no
sense of the word a "boom" number, it nevertheless
shows San Francisco- in a manner that' will increase her
prestige 'as a city of light and energy.
As WhitakerAVright dropped dead, his disgraced, dis
honored, 1 daring life ended by. his own will, he said snecr
ingiy,/!This is British justice." And so it was— the jus
tice that knows no favorites, that is as implacable as fate
in its pursuit of the dishonest, great % or snialk British
justice is one of the splendid achievements of * modern
morals 'that. 'Americans' may weir emulate..
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
WithaGrdbiofSalt.
Governor Brady of Alaska told a
■tory tha other day of an Eastern col-
It^ athlete who came We»t after grat
uation and secured a position on a
large sheep ranch. He appeared at the
ranch-house about supper time tone
day. very hot, very dirty, ont of breath
and apparently thoroughly tired out.
"Helta! What's been doing? Haa
some trouble -with the sheep? in
quired the man««<»r. • "'- . ■".
"No; the aheejj are all right, but
thc«o confounded lambs gave :me a
peach ©/ a tim#." 1 -L-'r - .
•'l»*tnb«r' *aid the manager. "We
have no Iamb* on thl* place. t VI- . -
"Yotf bet your llf* you liavev* in
sisted the <*>He«e-br«d herder. '.'Some
of the liveliest lambs X ever saw. I
corraled l em, thoufh."
The manager grabbed Jite hat, has
tened to the corral and found that his
helper's athjetic prowess had enabled
him to round up and impound . not
lambs, but seven bis *»«fc rabbits.
Protected.
She writes the society "stuff/' for
the Oakland page of a San Francisco
paper*. She wouldn't like to see herself
"played-up" In print as a heroine, how
ever much she likes to feature the do
ings of other people, so, in deference
to her wishes, her name is carefully
salted down. But it happened that
she was late one night in going to her
home, when suddenly there loomed up
out of the gloaming a big burly man,
wearing a mask over hl3 face and car
rying what looked to her like the off
spring of an old-fashioned smooth
bore cannon. .
"Throw up your hands!" he com
manded.
All her woman's pride was Instantly
ruffled up to the very last pin feather.
She sacrifice her 'dignity before tJv»
shrine of that frowsy ruffian? N->;
never! And besides she had no money,
anyway.
. "I will not throw up my hands, sir!"
She did not flinch so much as an
atom's breath. She only looked at him
with withering scorn. She despised
him. •
"Gimme your money then, -or I'll -"
As he hissed • the .words he rubbed
the nose of the pistol against her fore
head. It felt cold, clammy, deadly, but
it did not scare. her a bit.
"I will not give you any money,
wretch! I am the society reporter oil
the San Francisco Tomahawk and I'll
write you up." *
It thoroughly cowed him, unnerved
The poor man fled.
Increase of Insanity.
London, says Dr. Robert Jones, is re
sponsible for the production of over
seventy insane, persons a week. In 1859
there were in England 36,762 insane, or
1 to 536 of the population; there are
to-day 113.964. or 1 to 293. The re
covery rate from all cases of mania
is also decreasing, being now* 38.4 per
cent. Melancholia Is Increasing, and
also premature dementia. The same
complaint comes . from the continent.
Some statisticians contend that the in
crease is not real, but due to better
census taking, segregation" and the
great increase of the population, but
there is a general conviction that the
increase is altogether too definite to
be explained In those ways. For the
past six ye?ars the total increase of
the insane in both public and private
institutions of New York has averaged
708, but the increase to October 1, 1903,
was 941 over the previous year. The
increase in the State hospitals, not in
cluding the two asylums for the crim
inal insane, was 918, as against 663,
the average of the past six years. There
are at present nearly 26.000 patients In
the insane asylums of the State. Dr.
White of Washington contends that
there is more insanity in New Eng
land than elsewhere; and the amount
decreases steadily as one goes from
Boston west, or from Boston south.—
American Medicine.
A Favor..
The following gratifying compliment
is from the Marysville Daily Democrat:
"One of the best publications in the
State and ,one that exercises greater
influence among all 'classes of people
Is the San Francisco Call. Under the
management- of John D. Spreckels
The Call has advanced to first place
among San Francisco Journals /and it
is deserving of liberal patronage. As
an advertising medium to give pub
licity to the great resources of Califor
nia it has no superior, and the liberali
ty shown In free exposition of interior
counties is greatly appreciated.
"In political matters it has' been a
foe to crooked workjof officials and its
expose of jobs on several occasions
has won for It many friends. The Call
during the coming political campaign
in California will be found clean, re
liable and up to date In the best news."
Nebraska Sod House.
I dine upon dishes of silver and gold
In a glitter of chins and glass;
I walk upon carp«ts so thick and so salt
They muffle all sound a» I pass.
In a chamber of azure and white
Under satin and down, but alack!
In the dead of the night, when I'm lying
awake, .
My thought* will go wandering back .
- To a little sodhouse In Nebraska.
The floor It waa bare, and the smoke-black
- tned logs
Were covered with pictures — old prints
From the very few papers that drifted our
way — i
And the window. was cur taine* with chintz.
But oh!' what an army of beautiful dreams
Came out of the-, firelight to play.
And tell me of all the grand things I would do
When, grown up. I could Journey away
From the little sodhouse In Nebraska.
I would buy for my mother a gown of black
silk.
And a bonnet of roses and lace;
But alas! ere I tasted the fruits fit success
• The ■ wave-mold was over her fac«.
And Hitting alone o'er a bottle of port
I hark to the wind in the night.
As It moans and It groans, and I think with
a pang ' . ,
How It wails far away o'er the site '
- Of the little sodhouse in Nebraska.
I am tired of th« languorous inks of life,
I long for the wind and the rain.
The* glory of morn on the dewy green corn,
And the smell of th« wheat-flelda again.
Where the silver creek flow*, and the golden
rod grows.
Oh. ''tis there I am sighing to roam.
In the State of my birth, on the one snot Of
earth -
.- That I call by the name of home —
' The little sodhouse In Nebraska
—Minna Irving In Leslie's Weekly.
Disastrous Irony.
"Sigma," w_hose "personalia" Is
published by Doubleday, Page & Co.,
relates the following incident to show
the effect of irony upon the average
jury:
'•The irony of Lord Bo wen, a noted
jurist, once proved very disastrous,"
says Sigma. "He was trying a bur
glar, and by way of mitigating the
tedium of the proceedings summed up
the case in the following fashion:
" 'You will have observed, gentle
men, that the prosecuting counsel laid
great stress on the enormity of the
offense with which the prisoner is
charged, but I think it is only due to
th« prisoner io point out that in pro
ceeding aboat his enterprise he, at all
events, displayed remarkable consid
eration for the inmates of the house.
For instance, rather than disturb the
owner, an Invalid lady, as you will
have remarked, with commendable
solicitude he removed his boots and
went about in his stockings, notwith
standing the inclemency of the weath
er. Further, instead of rushins with
heedless, rapacity into the pantry, he
carefully removed the coal-scuttle and
any other obstacles which, had he
thoughtlessly collided with them,
would have created a noise that would
have aroused the jaded servants from
th^ir well-earned repose."
"The Judge then dismissed the jury
to consider their verdict, and was
horror-struck when they soon re
turned, to court and pronounced for
the acquittal of the prisoner."
Si. Louis Notes.
Nearly 50,000 pieces of odd and rare)
money, representing millions of dollars,
are stored in the vaults of a St. Louis
trust company^ preparatory to being
placed on exhibition at World's Fair.
The collection contains both metal and
paper money and embraces parts of
some of the most valuable coin collec
tions In the country- '^ '■'+>
Forty carloads of building material
have arrived at the World's Fair
grounds for the Oregon building. The
structure will be a reproduction of Fort
Clatsop, erected at the mouth of the
Columbia River nearly a century ago.
Seventeen totem poles and 200 pieces
of building material for the native
buildings of the Alaskan exhibit at the
World's Fair have arrived In St. Louin.
Fifteen Hydah Indians will erect the
native houses.
The International Association of
Chiefs of Police will hold its 1904 an
nual meeting in St. Louis, beginning
June 6. The sessions will be held at the
Hall of Congresses on the World's Fair
grounds.
The Marconi Wireless Telegraph
Company will erect two. or more sta
tions at the World's Fair. The stations
will be In operation daily and the du
plex system will be demonstrated. Two
messages can be sent from t»e same
station simultaneously and be received
simultaneously • at another station. In
addition to the stations, historical wire
less telegraph apparatus will be exhib
ited.
Answers to Queries.
MI-CAREM-C. G., City. This year
mi-carem, or mldlent. will fall on
Thursday, March 10.
's— : :am vessel—a, b. w., city.
The United States law says: "It shall
be unlawful to employ any person or
for any person to serve as a master,
chief mate, engineer or -pilot on any
steamer who is not licensed by the in
spectors, under penalty of $100 for each
offense." Any of the dealers in boilers
for steam* launches er manufacturers of
gasoline engines for such will give you
the character of motive power required.
ASSIGNMENT OF INTEREST—Sub
scriber. City. The assignment of the
interest of the mortgage may be made
by a proper instrument and when the
same is recorded It affords constructive
notice to all persona of the rights o'
the assignee against an unauthorized
discharge or a subsequent assignment.
In. a few States a mortgage is not as
signable by law, but the assignment of
the note carries the mortgage with it
in equity.
AFTER DINNER SPEECHES—Nov
ice, City. What a person should say
when called upon to make an after din
ner speech depends altogether upon
conditions. No general rule can be laid
down. If it is to be an Impromptu re
sponse, say but a few words; If a set
toast, the toastrhaster generally notifies
the person selected, and then the speak
er has time to prepare and should talk
to the subject and not away from it.
NATIONAL HYMN— A. J., . City.
The United States has no national
hymn, that is no hymn has been so
declared, but by common consent "The
Star Spangled Banner," "America"
and "Hail Columbia" are recognized as
the national airs. Two of these have
a smack of official sanction in the fact
that in the United States navy the
band, where there is a band on ship
board, plays "The Star Spangled Ban
ner" at morning colors and "Hail Co
lumbia" at evening colors.
THE BROTHER JONATHAN— G-
N., Cayucos. CaL The steamer Brcthr-
Jonathan was wrecked on the short*
about ten miles northwest of Crescent
City July 30, 1855. Treasure on board,
ship and cargo were valued at $250,000.
If any of the treasure should be found
at this late day the. party recovering
the same would be entitled to a rea
sonable amount as salvage, but not to
exceed one-half of the value of the.
property so recovered. The party re
covering the same would have to notify
the Sheriff of the county.
SUGAR IN WINE— Subscriber, City.
Sugar is found In all wines, though in
certain kind* very little exists. Ac
cording to Frescenlas the sugar in four
kinds of Rhine wines amount to exactly
six-sevenths of the extract remaining
af i«sr evaporation. In red Bordeaux
very little sugar is found; red sauterno
contains less than 1 per cent; Hermit
age, 1.7 per cent, hence the quantity
must . be very small. Some kinds of
muscat ylfld 24.5 per cent of an extract,
containing about 22 per cent sugar
Good red wines should contain at least
H per cent of sugar. Tokay wine con
tains 74 grains of sugar to an ounce*
of wine; port, 16, and champagne from
6 to 2S grains.
Townsend'a California itlace fruit* and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 7U Market «t.. above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen »). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1941. •IMPORTANT STATE TOPICS
TREATED BY PROMINENT MEN
Scope of California 'S Mining Show at
St. Louis Is Defined.
BY LEWIS JEi AUBURY, STATE MINERALOGIST.
Nearly all the material for the Cali
fornia exhibit at St. Louis is now in
this city and arrangements are beijig
made to ship several carloads early in
February. ' .[.- .' •" -..•-
The exhibit will be divided into two
classes — an outdoor exhibit and that
which will be placed in the mines
building.. The outdoor exhibit prom
ises to be very interesting, as it will
exemplify by working exhibits the dif
ferent milling and concentration
methods pursued in this State. New
types of roller and stamp mills will
be shown, and as an illustration of
the progess which has been made in
milling in California, a wooden stamp
mill, erected in 1853. the third in the
State, secured in Shasta County, will
be set up with the modern mills. An
other feature of early mining methods
will also be shown, viz., the system
used in the "New Almaden mines when
they were first opened, and which is
in use at the present time in some
parts of Mexico. With this method
the ore is carried out of the mine on
the backs of the miners in a rawhide
••seron." or bag, a notched log being
used for a leader.
In the outdoor exhibit will also be
arranged a "monitor" used in hy
draulic mining; also an hydraulic
elevator, undercurrents, etc., illustrat
ing this class of mining. Methods of
drift mining will be illustrated, as
well as the primitive means of saving
gold by the "long torn" rocker and
pan. A typical miner's cabin, with
it« various appurtenances, will also
add to the outside exhibit-
THE BUILDING SHOW
Prominent in the mines building
in the model department will be
shown a working model built to scale
of a modern five-stamp quartz mill,
and the various processes through
which the ore passes from the time
it leaves the mine until it passes over
the concentrator?, at which point in
another model will be shown the tail
ings being elevated to a working
model of a cyanide plant, which will
fully illustrate this process.
With these models will be shown a
type of the modern gold dredge in op
eration; also the latest methods of re
ducing einr.abar ores to native mer
< ury- Many other models will also be
shown, illustrating ore reduction as at
»>res.nt practiced.
The oi!s of California will be shown
on an elaborate scale, more so than
has ever been attempted t pas* expo
sitions, and the detailed Information
hich the State Mining Bureau has
b^en collecting for the past three years
vili be made available. Oils from every
district In the State will be shown, with
a commercial analysis cf each sample;
a!so oS! sands and formations in which
i . is found. Miniature" drilling and
pumping outfits will also be included
in the exhibit; also sections of oiled
roads, asphalt pavements and the prac
tical application of petroleum and its
by-products in many ways will be ex
hibited.
Nearly ail the material for the great
composite arch whfch is to adorn the
main entrance to the exhibit has been
collected, and is now being assembled
in this city. Granite blocks from Ma
<Sera, Sacramento, Placer, San Ber
dino and San Diego counties have been
obtained. Colusa. Santa Clara, Solano.
Contra Costa, San Luis Oblspo and
Ventura counties have furnished blocks
of sandstone. Terra cotta and glazed
brirk are supplied by San Francisco
manufacturers, cs wrll as the medal
lions representing the seal of the State
and bears' heads.
EI Dorado County furnishes a course
of ■ slate, Los Angeles the necessary
pressed brick, San Diego County pala-
gonite and Oatalina Island travertine.
Marble is supplied by Tuolumne -and
San Bernardino counties.
Structural material which has been
secured has been from different areas,
widely separated! The material select-*
ed has been with- a view. -of not only
showing th~ superiority of < ur build-'
ins material, but the .many different
counties which product- it.
ARCH AT KXTRAXCF.
Th»- arch is to have a height of 23
;nd a width of 174 feet, with a
UtickneM of 6 feet. The entrance is to
be 7 fec-t in width. The blocks of stone
wiil bfc cemented with cement-, from
a pa and San Bernardino 0
counties and a special exhibit of ce
ment will be made from these counties.
One of the most prominent exhibits
will b<> that of borax and soda and
their by-products, that of borax iccu
p; ing a space of 20x20 feet. A large
globe containing water from Owens
Lake will be shown, and beside it will
• residue from the evaporation of
this water and the by-products ob
tained from the residue, with illustra
tion of th* uses to which these by
products may b* applied.
California if prolific in mineral waterg
and the: will be exhibited from twenty
differnt counties, and an analysis of
earn will be given. Mineral substances
<-nt discovery will form a prom
inent part c.f the exhibit. Among the
latter le»>idolite or lithia mica from San
nty will furnish perhaps one
of the most striking and beautiful ex
hibits at the exposition. A grotto will
¦ined. upon which will rest a col
umn twenty-five feet high. Five classes
Icreat <-olors of this material will
be shown, through which will be .«cat
t^red plecea < ontaininK crystals of pink.
D'i Mack tourmalin< f. As no oth
;. contAlm such a variety and
quantit) of this substance the exhibit
lonal interest.
VARIETY OF 3IINEKALS.
The genr. industry, which is now as
suming s'oi'ne proportions, will be well
represented by chrysoprase from Tu
lare County, tourmaline and kunalte
from Fan Diego County and tourquoise
from San Bernardino County. Besides
these a number of gems of minor im
portance and Jewelers' materials In
great variety will be exhibited.
Another prominent exhibit which no
other State can produce will be niter
from large deposits which have been
found in San Bernardino and. Inyo
counties. Probably no other discovery
In recent years is of as much Import
ance to the State as these deposits,
which in extent rival those of Chile and
which need only the touch of capital to
transform the niter industry Into one
of the most important.
A fine collection of salt has been made
both from the desert deposits and 'the
various evaporation plants in the State.
Massive exhibits of limestone. Infuso
rial earth, sulphur, asphalt and bitu
minous rock, magnesite, gypsum,
graphite, chrome, potter's clay, coal,
fuller's earth, mica and other Indus
trial materials will be made. Massive
exhibits have also been collected of
gold quartz, cinnabar, copper, manga
nese and Iron, which are illustrative of
the average character of these ores.
Thousands of small samples of ores of
all classes have al8o*been collected and
will be exhibited in cabinets.
One of the most important features
which has been arranged is' the Infor
mation bureau. Here it will be possi
ble to obtain information concerning
any mineral deposit In the State. One
wall of the exhibit will be devoted to
the maps of all the mining districts,
and literature describing the same has
been prepared and will be freely dis
tributed.
DETAILED INFORMATION."
Much attention has been paid to the
labeling of each ipecimen, no. matter
what nature, with condensed informa
tion accompanying every eampte, giv-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1904.
SCEXES TYPICAL 6p THE PRO
DUCTION OF PRECIOUS YEL
LOW.METAL IN GOLDEN STATE
Chipman Declares
Fruits Will Be
Profitable.
By N. P. Chipman, President-' JState
' / . Board* of Trade. 1 O • • [';
Will' fruit growing continue -to °be [
profitable in California? -Is there pres :
ent danger of overprodiictidri? Should;
fruit tree planting cease? These axe •
important 'questions and should be fair- I
ly met. • . * "'" " ',; ■ . I
In all. the valley regions, from Shasta"
to San Diego County, one 'of the chief
inducements, if- not, the paramount In- i
ducement,- held o°ut to intending°settfers.'
on Email, tract's of 'land' has. been arid
still is that fruit growing, intelligently
pursued, offers the highest -known re
.wards of the soil, and 1^ is generally be
lieved" that tjhis Industry alone fully,
justifies the efforts being made 0 to "bring
homeniakers . to -the State. ' There "are
ofher profitable" uses to" which a port.ion
of the twenty or forty acre facm Sj nfay
bc put, but ff. we cut* out fruit growing
entirely what "shall \ve o subs£itute that
offers- better returns than fruit or that
may not soon come -undjer the ba'n o of
overproduction? o * -*'/■
At the recent convention of the fruit
growers of the State, held at'Fresno, it
was" resolved, with but one negative
vote, "that the fruit growing industry
of California is in a prosperous and sat
isfactory condition^" The reports, there
made from various- parts of the State
and the generally buoyant feeling
feeling among growers showed that xhe
few_ pessimistic expressions were by no
means shared by the growers generally, i
REMARKABLE HISTORY.
The developnrent of this industry fur
nishes one of' the most remarkable
chapters In the history of the State, i
From the point of supplying merely
the home market we have built up a :
business which "brought into, the State ;
In 1902 $35,000,000 or $40,000,000 that went :
to the growers (1903 brought us still [
more), not to speak of the money that !
went to the packers, cannery, wine ;
dealers, commission men and transpor- {
tation companies. This has been ac- '
compllshed in about twenty years. '•
We have practically driven from the '
American market tne French prune!
and the rals{n; we have made large in
roads on the importation of oranges, i
lemons, figs, almonds and walnuts and
wine and grape brandy; we are rapidly |
marketing side by side with the foreign I
article our preserved fruits and Jams
in various attractive forms. We are
reaching into foreign countries owlth
many of our fruits. ■ The California j
prune is well known In Germany, Eng- !
land and France. °
Our wines are on the tables of con
noisseurs in nearly all civilized coun- i
tries and in increasing supply", and '
there is no reason .why the California'
raisin should =not be as well known in j
Russia and Germany and England as X|
the Valencia or Malaga. The California
apple grower Is a successful competitor
with the Eastern and Canadian grower '
at London and Liverpool; the Califor- I
nia Bartlett pears are familiar to the
lovers tt that delicious fruit in Eng- s
land, and a large part of our- dried '
pears, apricots and peaches find a mar- j
Ing among other things its location, the
nearest postofflce, name of the owner
and address, extent of the deposit, etc.
All minerals will be classified by sub
ject. In this way, an investor inter
ested In any particular substance will*
be able to inspect in a short time the
mineral from different parts of the
State in which, he is Interested, where
as, by the installation of county ex
hibits, confusion would . follow. County
collections of any particular mineral
will, however, be grouped together
wherever possible.
During the time "occupied in making
the collection, photographs have been
taken of everything which would illus
trate the mining industry. These pho
tographs will be arranged by subject
and placed in cabinets.
Owing to the small appropriation
made by the Legislature the California
Commissioners have not been able to
apportion a very large amount \ to the
mineral exhibit. Taking It as a whole,
however, the Industry will be well rep
resented.
The space assigned to California in
the mines building has been very much
reduced^! rom the desired size, ; and > if
the present space, which is 42x68 feet,
Is not enlarged the exhibit will , neces
sarily ■be cramped. -
CLUB WOMEN
ARE ANGERED
Kesent Action of School Direct
•ors'in Dismissing W. H. Hut
ton, Manager of Playground
WILL 31AKE A /PROTEST
Deposed Man Is Protege of Cali-
f ornia Club, Which Says Suc
cessor Is "Qnly a Pugilist"
By the dismissal of W. H. . Hutton
from the position of" manager of the
.children's playground at Seventh and
Harrison streets the School Directors
have incurred the displeasure of the
ladies of the California Club, and a
storm Is brewing around the heads of
the men who dfrect o the educational
affairs of San Francisco's boys and
girls. ■ -\,VjJ
Hutt'on was appointed as manager of
the playground in question when it
•was opened three years ago. He was
a protege of the. California Club and
was appointed by the then existing
School Board at the request of the la
dies, who took the most active inter
est in securing "the playground.
It is now' claimed that Hutton has
been deposed for political reasons and
that his successor, Joseph Meyers, is
a personal friend . of School Director
Roncovieri. Meyers is a teacher of
physical culture at the Young Men's
Hebrew Club, but some of the ladies
of th.e California Club declare that
Meyers is "only a pugulist."-
Hutton was given but three days'
notice in which to vacate his post and
turn the keys of the playground over
to Meyers. 9
Hutton says his removal was the re
sult of a political bai'galn in order to
give aqother man his position, as he
was not subject to .civil service. He
claims that the reason given for his
d^missal was that he was not atten
tive to his duties, but he denies the
charge. He says that he built a num
ber of club rooms at the playground
without any cost to the city and that
he has kept all the apparatus in good
condition. * —
Mrs. Mary Kincaid. an ex-member
of the School Board, is very indignant
over Huton's orembval and says» that
the California Club will make a pro
test to, the School Directors and -to
Mayor Schmitz.
Mrs. Kincaid says that Hutton was
recommended by the California Club
for tHe post ef manager of the chil
dren's playground and that he is a
very, capable man,andjhas shown every
interest in his work. °
The children's playground at Seventh
and Harrison streets has been a boon
to that district. The grounds are pat
r&nized weekly by thousands of chili
dren and the police 'say that the chil
dren are kept off the streets and pre
vented from getting into bad" company
by the opportunity for .recreation of
fered by the grounds. • ' •
°ket in'Germany. and other foref^n couu
tries. . * ■ " -i
.One would* naturally conclude that
! the. .fruit growing business that had
i achieved "So much in twenty years and
j was. still 'on a paying bajsis and con*
{ stantly enlarging its -market, that had
.demonstrated Its -ability not . only to
1 reach every domestic market but was
} successfully Invading' foreign markets
j with 'its fjuits fresh .from the trees
as well as in dried, canned and pre
serve.d .forms, would hesitate ; to dis
courage further expansion. -This same
I suggestion |8 o'f," pver-prod'uctlon" has
\ come 6 up periodically -ever since I be
•• came'ointerested in the' fruit growing
i industry.. b Several -times I -have been
i asked by, the growers themselves to
j 'Combat and down° this specter. •> ®
V THE 8 # O*UTLOOK IMPROVES.
Ten. years ago I took up. the matter
and marshaled the point3 of the ar
gument with as 'much care as a judge
wbuld write an opinion to 'support, his
conclusions or a lawyer would prepare
a brief confident, of his position. In
lctoking over .the record of t<he con-
I troversy 'at that time I find that a less
• encouraging outlook was before us
than" there is to-day; the reply then
' made to the alarmist holds good to
j day. ■■■/.' ii:;,
• Many difficulties confronted us then
in the art of growing fruit, that have
I slncg.. been. removed; manjr factors en
tering into the problem of successfully
marketing our fruit which were then
I uncertain have since found satisfactory
solution; new an'd constantly widen
ing markets have opened to us. as was
i then predicted; improved methods of
j preparing and handling our products
j have come to us by experience; for
| many reasons wo are better prepared
i to sell and more customers .are ready
I to .buy our largely increase^ product
j than ten years ago.
I The essayist who treated the sub
j ject of the raisin at the Fresno.qpn
! vention (a Fresno raisin grower) cffun
i seled ncv <more planting of raisin
! grapes. Statistics show that in 189S
| the raisin crop was as large as it was
' in 1902 (I have" not yet collected the
data for J.903), and in ten years the
j output increased only 10,000 tons! Look
at the citrus industry- In 1893 it was
80,757 tons and [ in 1902 it was 225.668
tons, and the orange grower never
; more" prosperous. , TJjere was an in
! creased shipment of "fresh deciduous
fruits in 1903 at prices reported satis
factory. \ Dried fruits moved out very
at remunerative prices and
f nuts at a high price. The Fresno feso
: lution was simply thf! statement of an
I existing fact. S> - .
PLANTING FRUIT TREES. ,
Fruit tree planting is going on all
I the time east of the Rocky Mountains.
I Despite the 'drawbacks, and dlscourage
| ments and the climatic limitations to
! fruit growing there, so essential to hu-
I man existence as- an article of food
j is fruit regarded that nothing daunts
the owner of land from making an
effort to meet the ever increasing de
mand. If \the~ soil and climatic con
ditions of the State of Iowa, flr, the
State of Illinois, for example, were the
same as in California, does any one
suppose that the. farmer, would grow
corn 'or., oats or wheat? Certainly not.
The State would soon become one un
broken orchard and no fruit grower
there would worry himself about over
production. •
Look at the hundred* of thousands
of acres - devoted to fruit growing In
Europe by countries that send abroad
for, other -food prrfductB. There are
many; more acres of grape vines alone
in France than all our orchards and
vineyards if , we had. twice our pres
ent.;■ acreage. , Fruit growing has ever
been" classed as among the most profit
able branches of agriculture the world
over— indeed it. is or should, be classed
aB- Intensive cultivation, and when
made so * is everywhere profitable.
INTELLIGENCE !/ NEEDED.:
There are many unprofitable orchards
in : California,; but ;■ - reason for ; It is
not* far to seek. Side by side ; one -br
chardist will fail while ,hist neighbor
prospers 'under" no better; natural, con
ditions. ■'■'. So it' is in every business. : -But
no lone intelligently -seeking^^ the -truth
would. ludee the business by the' exam-
ALASKA BILLS IN CONGRESS
ARE MANY BUT WORKERS FEW
Friends of Meas
ures Are Not in
Harmony.
BY SAMUEL W. WALL.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31. — This is a
story of the wilderness of Alaska in
bewildered Washington, too.
If the big district does not get a good
deal of what has been coming Co it for
a long time, in. the matter of legisla
tion, at this sitting ot Congress, Alaska
will have only her own friends to blame.
To scan the bills that have already
been introduced in her* behalf would
leave the impression that Congress was
about to devote the entire session to
the unrepresented and misrepresented
wilderness that forms the northwestern
extremity of this great country. But
there need be no worry as to that.
Alaska needs a lot of things, if the
bills are to be accepted as a sign, but
she will get but- a few. Primarily she
I needs a representative, or representa
tives, in Congress and a new code of
mining laws. It is quite possible that
she could get both of these. If her
friends out of Congress could unite in
, support of any of the bills already in
f troduced. For Alaska has acquired
; many friends on the floor of both
; houses during the past year— some of
I them very Influential — and who are
I willing to work for any reasonable
j measure of relief. But the many repre
i sentative Alaskans now In Washington
are all found to have pronounced views
I on essential points that are radically at
variance.
For instance, in the single matter of
a representative there are those who
favor Senator Nelson's bill, providing
1 that such delegate should be appointed,
I while, for the most part, an appointed
delegate is tabooed as worse than none.
Congressman Cushman of Washington,
who is a champion of Alaska, has a
J bill providing for the election of a dele
• gate and declares that the House will
hear to no other. "The Senate can have
an appointed delegate of their own,"
'says he, "but he can't come over to
our side."
Jones of Washington has a bill that
provides for three elective delegates
[and he insists that no other will suit,
as- Alaska Is of such extent that no one
man can properly represent its great
area and varied Interests.
MAY CHANGE LAWS.
With regard to the amending of the
mining laws, concerning which there
has «been .more outcry than any of
Alaska's needs, there Is such confusion
of thought that no- man has as yet
been bravft enough' to offer a bill. Sen
ator .Dillingham, who led the Senate
commission into wilderness last
summer, and who is the author of a
big batch of Alaska bills already filed,
has not yet determined" upon this mat
ter, but will present a bill a little later.
Cushman. representative of Washing
ton, who wears an "Alaska Brother
hood" button in the lapel of his coat, is
also preparing a bill. He is in great
doubt, however. He was for cutting
out the "power 'of attorney" privilege
In the matter of locating claims and
very determined about it. He is not
so sure now that this is the thing to do.
"This matter of locating is not the real
evil," he says. "It is -in the holding of
these claims. There Is much to be
said in favor of the power of attorney
In making location, but nothing for
holding these claims Indefinitely with
out their being worked' as against the
miner and prospector who may be
willing to do 'his assessment and de
velop the property and the country."
And yet there is a man here in
Washington who Is said to' hail from
Valdez as a paid representative of the
people there and who claims to-be spe~
claJlly deputized to see to It that a law
be passed by the Congress making as
sessment work upon mining claims in
Alaska in no wise obligatory for" the
holding of claims Indefinitely. It is not
likely that in results he will earn his
wage, but he offers an illustration of
how widely men differ concerning
Alaskan affairs — even Alaskans — and
suggests how difficult It must be for
Congress to agree. upon a measure to
please Its people.
AMENDMENTS PROPOSED.
Judge Wickersham of Alaska is here
in Washington and upon occasion
freely expresses himself as opposed to
any change in the mining laws that
would not be made to apply to general
> mining laws of the United States. In
other words, no special legislation for
Alaska. His argument is that the
, mining laws are known to' the miners
and prospectors and any change would
create confusion In their minds and
set up special standards for the dis
! trlct not to its best interests. -
[ . Senators Dillingham and Nelson
have introduced, and Senalor Perkins
will introduce, a bill for the creation
of a new judicial district in Alaskif.
The special objection urged to the
bills is that they use latitude and lon
gitude as dividing lines for the propos
| ed district, while nobody In Alaska
I knows where those lines -are. The
pie of. the man who failed when his
neighbor under like conditions suc
ceeded.
Let us see what f ait growing means"
In some European countries where the
ghost ? of overproduction seldom enters.
The vineyards of France In 1897 em
braced 1,623,567 hectares (a hectare Is
two and a half acres), equivalent to 4,
058,917' acres. Our acreage of vines is
about 300,000 and all other fruits about
as much more. France exported to the
United Kingdom wine valued at
£3,751,763 or $18,768,815, and brandy
valued at, £1,300,182 or $6,500,
910. The United Kingdom Im
ported from Spain fruits valued
at £3,026,464 cr $15,132,320, and Of
wine' £807,410 or $4,037,050. I have no
data of the many thousa- s of acres in
France devoted to apples, prunes, olives
'"- and other f rul' i than grapes. Our
planting Is Insignificant beside them.
Look at the fruit planting in Italy.
Olives, 1,034,000 hectares: wine grapes
3,462,000 hectares; chestnuts, 412,000 hec
tares ; in all 12,270,000 acres.
Consider. Spain. Of the 79.65 per cent
of productive land 3.7 per cent is de
voted to vineyards; 1.6 to olive culture,
and 20.8 to other fruits. Spain exports
large quantities of oranges, raisins,
grapes, nuts, olives ancl wines. Of wine
- in . 1896 she exported 143.471,188 pesetas
(peseta is 1 franc), equal to $28,674,237.
France alone took over $14,000,000 worth
of Spain's common wine and over $500,
1 000 worth 'of her. sherry. •
Little Greece in- 1893 had 336,000 acres
of vineyards, besides ' 168.000 , acres of
currants not so classed (but they, are
grapevines all the same), and > 432.000
acres of olives. -This Is a condition that
has existed in Europe since long be
fore fruit" growing In California had
any commercial significance. The need
for other food products in those coun
tries has marked the present fruit
planting as about , the maximum : limit.
The export trade so valuable to France.
Italy 4 and Spain Is accessible to us and
■our better. and cheaper methods of pro
ducing; these, articles,: by reason of the
fertility of our Boll, Improved means of
WITH a view to enlarg
ing and improving: Its
news service from
Washington The Cnll
has sent to the capital of the
nation Mr. S. \V. Wall, a well
known, trained and reliable
newspaper writer, who will in
future have charge of The CalKs
news bureau in that city, with
headquarters at the Hotel Bar
ton. Mr. Wall has for a score
of years been n resident of Pa
cific Coast States, ami is there
fore competent to keep the peo
ple of the Far West advisctl In
all matters that have bearing on'
mercantile, ''agricultural and
minins: interests. He will de
vote attention especiaUfr to news
of department matt<4rs and of
legislnt ion affecting the States
and Territories of the" Pacific
slope.
Mr. Wall Is a lucid and force
ful writer aii'tl one of the best of
the newspaper correspondents of
this country. Ills first achieve
ments In the field of journalism,
when he wns one of the staff of
the Pittsburg Dispatch, brought
him into prominence, and his
fame was fnrther accentuated
in later years when he accom
panied the late George Francis
Train in the latter's first record
breaking trip from Pujret Sound
mound the. world. His latest
conspicuous effort was .Ills trip
to the Klondike in 1897 as spe
cial correspondent for The Call.
It was the first year or the great
Alaskan gold field excitement,
and when the correspondents,
who had been sent to Dawson
via Bering Sea, reached the Yu
kon, they fonnd the river closed
to steamer navigation. The cor
resi>ondents, excepting Wall,
turned back, fearing to risk the
rigors of an Arctic winter. Wall
was undaunted. He purchased
a rowboat, hired guides and
poled up the turbid Yukon. It
took many days and the endur
ing of severe hardships to ac
complish the task, but Wall got
to Dawson Just as the river
turned to ice. He was the only
one of the newspaper corre
spondents who succeeded In his
mission.
culture and preparing the goods for
market, and the higher Intelligence of
those immediately concerned in the
minufacture, should admit us on nearly
an equal footing to the world's trade.
And we- always shall have a large and
ever increasing home market.
ADVISING SETTLERS.
To the intending settler in California
I unhesitatingly say conr- and Join the
noble army of fruit growers and be not
afraid of overproduction. Buy twenty
to forty acres of good land (and you
can get it In the Sacramento Valley
and San Joaqiiin Valley and many oth
er places In Northern -rid Central Cali
fornia for $25 to $75 per acre); plant
part to fruit trees, after carefully
studying your soil an- the varieties
best adapted to it; plant some alfalfa;
raise your chickens; keep a cow or t " ,>
and a few hots;. have a family garden;
produce as near as possible what you
require for home consumption; do your
work with the help of your family and
don't be afraid to tarn wages on the
outside when you have "nothing to do
at home.-
In short, farm here with the sair.3 in
dustry you did back East and I can as
sure you not only a god -living, but
that you will have money to loan and
withal will experience the Joy of living
in the most delightful climate in the
world. At- this writing, January 24.
19.4, if you live in the Northwestc* .1
States you are fighting weather 20 to
40 degrees below zero. Let me give you
the Teadin^ of the thermometer in Cal
ifornia:
San Francisco . . .Max. 58. Mln. 46 (abovt)
Sacramento , Max. 50. Mln. 30' (above)
Fresno.. .....Mas. 5«. Mln. 32 (above)
Red Bluff.. ..Max. 60, Mln. 3tt (above)
Red Bluff is 200 miles orth of San
Francisco. - Think of this, Minnesotans
and Iowans. with your fur. caps and
ear labs, with your woolen mittens and
your overcoats and your broad woolen
comforters encasing your necks and
faces up to your eyes when you go out
to feed your shivering stock I can al
most hear you slapping your sides and
Reform of Mining
Laws Rouses
Discord.
natural water sheds are suggested as
the re»l dividing lines.
Senator Nelson's bill providing for
the election of a representative is
specially objected to, as it fixes the
date of the election in summer, when
everybody is too busy to vote. "No
man at that time would think of tak- #
ing a day off for the purpose of vot
ing, as nearly every man who votes
would have to," said a well posted
Alaska miner discussing this bill.
"Besides, In the summer." he said, "the
country is overrun with transients
who are not entitled to but who would
vote."
Another of Senator Nelson's bills
addresses itself to curbing the license
of the city council at Nome. The
council has heretofore fixed salaries
at their pleasure; for Instance, putting
them up. away up, when the official
did things, lawful or unlawful, as they
indicated they wished them done, cut
ting them down when he showed a
disposition to go his way, even though
that way be the enforcement of law.
The bill allows the council to fix sal
aries of the Mayor and other officials,
but being fixed, not to change it dur
ing their term of office. The time of
all local elections is changed in this
bill from April to July.
According to another bill of Nel
son's all taxes and license money col
lected outside of incorporated towns
goes into a special Alaskan fund. 25
per cent of which if needed may be
used for school purposes outside the
towns. 10 per cent if needed may pro
vide for Insane and destitute and the
remainder shall go toward the build
ing of roads and bridges. A board
composed of the military is named to
look to the building of roads.
MAY DENY GA3IBLING.
Another bill prohibits gambling and
the employment of women In saloons,
provides a fine and forfeiture of li
cense upon conviction of either or of
allowing women to "rustle" in saloons.
Another Nelson bill provides for
the erection of a free bridsre over the
Snake River within the city limits of
Nome.
Senator Dillingham has introduced
a bill suspending indefinitely the right
of the North American Commercial
Company, lessees of the Pribilof group
of islands, to kill fur seals on or near
these islands and providing for the
opening of negotiations with Great
Britain looking toward a revision of
the laws governing the taking of seals.
The President Is required to negotiate
with the Governments of Russia and
Japan to the end that they be led to
subscribe to any agreement that may
be reached between the United States
and Great Britain. In case no such
agreement can be reached then the
Secretary of Commerce and Labor
may, by the bill, with the approval of
the President, reduce the surplus fe
male fur-seal life on the Pribilof Isl
ands by killing the same down to a
minimum number of not less than
10,000 adult female seals and the male
to not less than 1000 virile adult
males, the skins to be sold and the
money turned Into the treasury.
NEW GOVERNMENT WANTED.
Finally there is the expected bill
providing for a territorial form of
government in Alaska. It Is offered
by Jones of Washington. It may be
said that among the Alaskans now in
Washington there is not much enthu
siasm over this bill. It is pointed out
that the- big district Is in no condition
to support a cumbersome form ot
government, that its taxable propertv
could not pay the expense and that
for many other reasons it Is not ready
— Us immense distances, with Inade
quate means of communication, the
difficulty of holding elections, .etc..
make the territorial idea impractica
ble. The Senate committee has re
ported against such a measure.
This reviews the Alaskan legislation
as proposed to date. There will be
much more to follow. If any of It ever
gets into the law books, it will prob
ably be through much tribulation. But
whether or no this much may be pre
dicted that through the discussion In
cident the East may come at last Into
the knowledge that Alaska, with Us
Immense area, vast resources and un
limited opportunities, is on the map.
Among the prominent Alaskans in
the city looking after legislation on
their private interests are Francis Mc-
Nulty, Nome lawyer, who seeks the
place of Colonel Grisby as District At
torney at Nome; "Tim" Galen. Deputy
Marshal at Nome, who is a brotner-ln
law of Senator Carter: John Rustgard.
formerly Mayor of Nome; C. P. Dam.
Alaskan steamboatman; Judge John
son, formerly District Judge for all of
Alaska, and who resigned that office to
practice law at Nome.
Porter J. Costen. an attorney at Nome.
is here la the interests of lot owners
at Nome to secure patents for the
same. The matter has been concluded
before the general land office, and pat
ents ordered Issued. Costen being
named as commissioner to transmit the
same.
back to keep your hands from freezing.
Come to California and be comfortable.
Publishes New Law Volumes.
Thomas Carl Spelling, the well-known
attorney, has just issued two volumes
entitled "A Treatise on New Trial ana
Appellate Practice," which work 'is
likely to be of great value In legal cir
cles. The treatise presents and illus
trates the laws and rules of practice
in proceedings subsequent to decis
ions by trial courts. Including final dis
position In the Appellate Court, with
special reference to the codes of Cali
fornia and the Pacific Coast and West
ern States. The careful analysis and
systematic arrangements of the decis
ions bearing on new trials and appeals
is sure to be appreciated by the legal
profession.
Tries to Strangle Mother.
. Herman Hasse, a laborer, living at
524 Clxth street, tried to jump out of a
three-story window at his home short
ly after midnight yesterday morning
while temporarily insane, and when his
mother struggled with him to prevent
him carrying out his intention ha
grabbed her by the throat and at
tempted to strangle her. Policeman
Hammond heard her screams and res
cued her. Hasse was sent to the de
tention ward at the Central Emergency
Hospital to be exa-nlned by the Insan
ity Commissioners.
New Law' Reference Book.
A very useful reference book for use
of attorney* in court Is v one compiled
by Curtis Hillyer of the San Francisco
bar and just from the press of the
Bancroft-Whitney Company. The new
law volume Is entitled "Law of Evi
dence In California" and It follows the
Code of Civil Procedure closely. A.
large number of : decisions of the Su
preme Court find a place with eacn
section, and many ample cross-refer
ences are also to be found, . •
78
You Want Tour Wants Td' Be ; Known J© Those Wfio Want To Know
johs X>. SPKrCKELS. Proprietor.
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE. $
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You \\ lsn. :
Publication Offlc Market and Third. P. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
• Cts Per Month. SinRle Copies ft Cents. ■_
Terms by Mai!, Includlnc Postage (Cash With
Order): ■_
PAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year.. $« 00
DAILY CALL <Jrc!u<i. Sunday). t> mo«.... 4.0(1
DAILY CALL— By Slnel* Month... 75c
BUWDAT CALL. 1 Year 250
WEEKLT CALL. I Year ; - 1-00
„„_„... f Daily.. $S80 Per Y»>ar Extra
r^cxirr 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE Lwp Pklv . i.,*) Per Year Extra
Al*. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
ALL TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
B^BFle Coules will when re-.
Mail subscriber- In
«ire»* »hr.uld be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In ****<*» fJg«gS*
prorript ard correct compliance with their, re-
qTTUt '•.-.-.■ V..' ••.':..'■ ".
OAKLAND OFFICE. J A .. •-.
111S Brcaaway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE. '^J '■
t:48 C«ater Street Telephone North «T
WAFHINGTON CORRESPONDENT. .
MORTON E. CRANE... 1406 G Street, N, W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walfiorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Bretano. - 31
rr.lon Scuare: Murray Hill Hotel;- Flfth-ave-.
rue Hotel and Hoffman House. .-.' . • q
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House: P. O. X»wi. Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palrr.er House. - '- .....
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:.' ' .-:'.''
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marquette Building
(.Long Distance Telephone.. -'Central .2619:'') .
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN V. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building-
NEV; YORK CORRESPONDENT. .:"•"••
C. C. CARLTON......'l.>'..-v-;HeraM Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the -Sail. Francisc6 :
• 'all. corner Market and Third streets ; n5pen
until 12 o'clock every ni*ht .in the '.year.
UKA.N'CH OFFICES :'•".* . -. * '• .
10OR Market, ureet. opposite- Fifth; open until-
11 I». m. ' . '; - ' ■•!• v ' .-- • " • -
M'7 M^not^omfrj- street. -. corri«r. Clay; open;un--
fil «:"0 p. m. ' . •-••' ■ ■ • ."- - ' • ". '•'•
sno Hayes street; open: until 9:30 p. m."- . .-
♦-•;» McAllister street: open until -9:30 p' 5 m. >'."'
«;1S Lerkin firfft; open untlJft:3.0 p: to. ... • .
3941 Mission «=tre«/t; own until 10 -p.. -m. .. ; :.-
2261 Market rrtreet. corner Sixtieth; open un-'
«il :• p. m. ■ •' -.*•". (•■"-.• • •• '. ■••'■• '--'J '• :
]<V5 Eleventh str»et: or*n untH 9 -P-' ns.. -. . •'.•••"
yttjun Valencia street: open -until/8 .p.- m. • ■• •.'•:-.'
Northea-t corner Church- ar4 Duncan 6treets;.
T>en until a p. m. *' •• " ; .'.*"• *-i-. . * - ':.''■."
Northwest corner of Twentv-sectin'd and-.Kepr.-
tucky Ftr»ets: open' until -9 i>'.m:- :i--'*it*' :
-CHQ FIllmTf street ;oyn unt'Jl- 9' p:. m;-..V ■ -. >';
mi;i-:ti.\«; wrie^s; . •>-.'. : -.-> v 1
- - ■ • ■ ■ — '■ — : :.. -t j-.: i .•» . ...:■,..■■—_ ■
A^YLl'M cf Go!den : Gat** Com'maTidery v i^."-' :
No. 16. K. T..-C2i Sutter-'st-.T-^SUited "."BE^»
a«=«=enibly THIS . ■EVENIN6-"".at '." S •; 'Ea ' .
o'clock. All f rater* »re <'ourt»rou'sjy.:jn-:-. Vy -.- ■'
vited. By order of the crfri'iniandeK "V:. :■ .-'"•
THEO. FROLI^HJ.'Recbrder.. -'■
6AN FRANCISCO Cnapler No."-1.-Rbi : ai '.'a ' ".
.Vrch Masons.' lef.f .THIStVE-Xh ; a. : W,:
Buriness and M. M.'deirree; •' •- "- ■ }'• -^^^\"
H. G.. I'i;NXE... ; Setretar?- 1 -' -'.■■;'- ..; -.;. :
HERMANN Lodpe -X.o. "127;" F.- and A; ■/■»■' -'■
M.— Stated meeting THIS'S.V'X (MOX-vy.''
DAY*. February... 1.' "1904,\- .-at ' ."^OjOrN"''
o'clock p. m. By./«rd^rof. th» Av! M-. ' •• ".'..-
? . . 1>. SCH.T;.MACHER i -:Se.rfetary'.' : .'.
KING SOL/1MONS Lodge -N'o^ 260..-F.. m '-" '
ond A. M..- .1839 Fillniore. st •r^-Staied"*^*_|( / ''
meeting an<1 .. seconJ degree ..THIS
EVENING at 7:3.. n "look./- - '-.. •'. . \*T >».
HARRY B.\EaiR.:'s.ecre.ta'ryr.' ; -..
THE California Debris. Commission' h'arlrig're-j''.
reived applications 'to -.mine .-by'.-, hydraulic-
rrocess from Lawrence Canatta.' *(n'. Alesom
Dumas placer claim, nekr Volcano/. Amador--
County. Cal.. draininr. into Dry'-trejfk.'-'
which reaches Mokrlarsne River;, from- Lulgt
«nd Victoria Demart!n. : in Railroad -.■.'Hill-,
Gravel mine, near Cala-'eritaa.' Calayerajr '
Coucty. Cal.. draining l^to San "Aritori-
Ofek. which reaches Calaveras River) glyea'-
notices that meeting will be held at-rbcm'9<}'-
Flood building. San Fr».ncl«co.- Call. Feb: : £ -
. *i»04. at 1:30 p. m. '■'!.'. '.•■'.' .',•■';
AXKIMli Meeting — Tbe rerular anneal meet 1 -"
Sag of t be stockholders of The National Ic« ■
Co&pany wt!l be beld tt the office of thi'
ccmrany. 327 Market st.. Saa Francisco' Ca'i >
on WEDNESDAY, the 3d lay of February,
1904. at the hour «.f 11 o'clock a. m.. •or'Uie,"
t'Urpose of electing a boarl cf directors to
••rve for tlie ensuing year and the trantae-
\lon of such ether busiacss as- may come
tc:ore the meeting. . .
J. T. DONAHUE. Jecretarr. :'.'"
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet- I
!rg of the stockholders of the Union Truaf
Company of San Francisco will be held a' the.
office of the company in the Unio- t rust {
Company's building, corner Post. M^ntgom- !
«tj- and Market sts.. San Francisco. Cal. on
THURSDAY, the 4th day of February. 1904.
• t the b'.ur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
rote ct electing a board of directors to serv*
fcr the following year, the amendment of the
ty-laws cf the company and the transaction j
of §uch other business as may comt before
the meeting.
CHARLES J. PEERING. Secretx«T.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the .Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 223 Crocker building. City and County
of San Francisco. State of California on
MONDAY, the feth day of February 1004 at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. in., for the purpose
cf el*>cting directors for the ensuing year'
and the transaction of such other business as
rna*- ccrre before eaid meeting. Dated at
Pan Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1304 S.
D FRESHMAN. Secretary. ' . j
ANNUAL Meeting-The regular annual meet- I
ing of the Ftockholders of the Matson Nav.- '
ration Company will be held at the office of I
the company. :.-T7 Market St.. San Francisco, '
Cal.. on THURSDAY, the 11th day of Febru-
ary, i:i04. at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m for
the purpc«e of electing a board of director*,
to serve for the enFulng year and the trans-
action or such other business as may come
before the m«"etlrg.
GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary. '
A WEEK'S new? for S rents— The Weekly Call
16 pago;-. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
AGEXTS WAXTED.
"?OLICITOR and collector of ability with city
recoirtmtndati^r-;; good ot>enlng. We?*ern
Rating Co.. 333 Market st.
COUNTY agrnts for gas burner: guaranteed to
prevent a»phyv!at|nn. V. HOLLA ND.'-a? Bush
__ AjpiTEBTISEBIEirT WRITIHG.
HAVING recently a<v*ufrrd through~cxchance
y property three $40 scholarship- In the best
r ollege of Advertising in the United States
I will fell them at 25 per cent discount for
rash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure position*': ratalorues fur-
r.lihed on spplication. Address hex 3C26. Call.
A STROLO« V.
MRH. J. FRANCIsTTsTrologint: leysons- read-
ings; hours 10 to .*>. Suite 10. Hotel langham.
A t rrORX^Vf^AT-£A\V^
' XV. IL . BITTNER. ~
ATTORNEY AND COUNSEMiR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 74.1.
Suite .T22. Emma Sprerkels building
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
fight cause*: damages tv>cured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully iJetKlned: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
prweedinis: wills probated; estates settled-
■ collertlons made -in all parts of the U. S. '
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Roe me and save money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Establish*** 22 yrs.: rms. 1, 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
'Ji22 Market ft.. Ixnween Mason and Taylor'
Advice fr»e all matters. Defectives employed!
R. W. KINO, At!orney-«t-Law. Exam. bldg..
fith floor, entrance room 611; established 20
yeair; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; n-> fc-e in advance or for consultation;
»v*ningK by appointment. Tfl. Red 30C1.
ADVirn free— I will advance cost In merltorl-
• ous catce: divorcrs. probate and all other law
oawe; no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. t>19 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE. ~*
Columbian I-aw and Colif?ctlon Agency.
Room S3. f>l« Market >t.; tel. John 6226.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; «jui<-k. quiet; advice
free; open «*\«-nlngE. I»27 Market «t., r. 301.
"L. P. CLARK, »27 Market et.; consultation
tree; no fees in advance; open cvenicfe. "
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
Se'l'.ng cut Roller Canary Birds, males .and fe-
rnalet; Goldfinch Canary mules. 3168 16th et.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREy.;~~
A L.ITTLE gtrl to board; .good. home. • 2214
Larkin St.. *•*..-
BLSI XESS (CHAXCE8. .
A— $3500; THE leading restaurant o( thls.cltyi
rrnt $150U*urrounded by «J° theaters; prLvata
boxes for Udics; a flrst-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ',
A^$lC00;- SALOON; rent $40; place doing a'
good business ; clearins for owner at least •
5L'M> per month; patronired by merchants and I
'. printers mostly; no night or Sunday work;°a I
rare. chance. ParticuUrs R.. G. WILKE,. 26*4-
■ ■ Kearny' st. ' • . .-■' .- " » • *
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Oay Bt., r.ear.
■ ..Front: mercantile lunch; rent. $45; establish-.
• ed -years: good .business. ' R. " G.." WILK-E,*-
. 26H Kearny st. ■'., ' <"*_..• .* ' ■
A — $8t>0; CIGAR stand, on California- st.,,, near
i Sansome; rent $40; value in sight; 'a place'
where any man can easily clear $200. per •
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1600; RESTAURANT ' and "coffee" .saloon .
Just a' few doors from Markfet jft. ; owners
clearing at least $300 p*>r month; will give**
. trial to purchaser If he means- business:
.. sickness of one<jf ' the- partners only 'cause- of •
■ sale; if you invest- in -this, business .your
money is well- invested. . -See -R....O. WILKE,
2t»H Kcarny st..' -.- - • '_.-/' ' '••"•". ". . • ■
A— $4000; CORNER .fjaloori. In wholesale- dis-
trict; net rent $C5;-lea5e; this is on«j of the.
leading and. best paying places- in this .city;
no night work-. .Call Rl ,G. W.ILKE.-.26}4
Kearny st: ..''-... - .
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; • close, to Market and Stockton sts. ;
• large stock;, clears at ie'ast- S250 per month;
'• full value in sight:' a splendid offer. *Call R.
' G. WILKE. 2CK Kearny gt.
A— ROADHOUSE with 18 newly furnished
rooms; -bathroom, barn. 1 cart, 1 electric
: piar-o; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $30!Xf;
'.' business very goods that Is all. For jjartlcu-
■.'lars see R. G°. WILKE. 2B& Kearny st. .
• A— $1500;. BUTCHKRsh6p in .Western Addl-
" . .t;on; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers, 25
' -sheep;. 1 horse. 1 wagon; daily receipts .about
-•$40. See. jt. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny at. • •*
—^ ; : — .'
-A— $i750; grocer>- and bar.^n Quer- ■
-• rerx> el.: Iease:-a'.gop4' paying business.- fre>h
■•stock: all cajh- trade. Particulars *R. .•>• XJ.
1 WII.KE, 26^ ■ Kearny st« •*•*.*. ..*./.'. '^
. A— $riO<);.CORNER".gi'ocerj» and bar o"n".'De T
.'.•.visadero" RL.;<j)wner has a TJne paying.- busl- .
', ness, but' family.' affairs- -compel . .him- tt"?
. leave for East. -See-'.R. G.._ WltKE*. 2^»4
•' '.'Kea'rny st*. ...*»'* -. '• ' • ' .•'*•**' '
•A— iCOO;.' PRY* "jro'ods.'and" .riprfbn" store, '/wlfh 4.
-. "-fine- furnished rooms;-6n Mission st:} «-plendid
■: i;ha.nce " "for .man, and-.wrfe'. .Call R.. » .G.
'-.TV-tLKE. 26*>4 Kearny ft]- -' • • ».-".•;. • '
■ a'-— SlfkK);" -THli bost'o''w»"t.er' stand -\n vBortlafld.
.'•/Or.': .a *rnan.. wjth flrsWIa5S-°Te.fe'rem:es cah
•'leay'e\$700 Fta'nd on .t">e- biisfh.ess. -See, R. G.*.
".. ,WJ[LKl-::'2«^ lO-.arn^At. ..**,." . • • '.*• '
: A^SCO'; . BrtAXCH. -Va'lcery^Vnd . cirjdy . -VtVDre..:'
'• -with ll\-i'ns''» i <!om"s.- -dafly receipts "attout $10;;
-*• ' <-'bolce.Ft location .ip, t*ae. ■Mi-jsion.. "See -R. G",-
Z . WIU.KE>-'.*>4'Keara>;,.Bt'. ■;.*> '«.■•."• / .'
Ji—^iCO-: G»R?>C^nY : -..and: Wr onjHo'ward" sf.^.
•".. iiving rcxjrfi^: ren; $2aj^ood- place.' See R."
, • G:. .\.VffcKE.:'2(T3-; :*Keairiy > t tl •.■'*•/ • • ••• .- :.;.';:•■..
A:. .C.AMEUON' . ;& 0 CO : :'.r.':J.VP>ione;. Scujfh-^IOCO:
:■" ■■'ii'Ki4y':.^<.,''CQY,. -M-al-ketj and .KbwijVk -.'. j-.'.
:Heafl.qii'arters;for.'air < .k'inds'j:,of:J»us'ries^ c'ljan'oeC;:
f-ZCkafly ana-'-Lcecreani-'-ijarlors;, : . -. $1^00. .to. '-•.'*.' : :■
' Baxbe.r<tehot«* v- '.'*, -\C." . ,«.- : .': i V_:4.500.-.t«i'-$25QO^
'.•'.irigaf'.iit.anljs-. '. .'. .*:'-'. ./'- • &"••«•
and- bars' v .:/-'. A ."... . .$500 t<5 -SjOOO:
■'. :;.V/.::vV.V/. :•.'•'. ... . /: .-.-.'ttOO'-to- MMtii
■■: ReVtsu<aHt 8 .'. . .?-. -v; . • l r~.---U'^\-4 0l S 2^^.
• :F-i'u'it'.aft"d:vege4. : ablie -sujfes •.*-i.w$>QJ .to:$lw>)-
J;.Crugstore.'s'.-.=:.A- . s*.- ivi-X; . -$20oi).-.t6-. «Ud^).
; ; • "D^fic.atfjssen'rstoreg.: : . ../.- vt i ..-. $25(t..lp ; $4^>Q.
■•i^,TiR"sale'.Sr 'tr^d'e-!-^<3ua'rtJ>ri\ine;; -'fln^ .'prospeM-i.-
/•;.idcate^ ; '.in;Oa|r^.ar.*»Vi:-;$*P't7'S70-.tVni-'t : .ra;i5 N
• -.•.*pr''r ( 'mg"iiouse* or- tou'sjn'ess.. ' Catne rorf; -^J*E Jdy . .
'FOR iale— \'v^ri : 'locat»d.vandV6torj?;Vaai eyyip--
• « P«i- fbt-r/TiaRlng 'o-Atn caii'tiei!:-e'jfabli--lied' 3 •
''■'■ '■: liars': '^l^aring over'$2tJ<> l3er .ropnt.h* wl-H'W--,
■' ;'vofce>.bout $1200.-'' j CA'?.lER,ON.'?3 *Eddj-:.t-t.-
•FOR.'-'sale^o"tre > "of the "best -resta*ufan{s in .-cfty-'.
• ''tfi'eati reflt; receipts $75 <o"'$100 per a4y; *wlli.
'••bear'.i'nvestigatian; price $1000..- CAMERON*.
•■>-C9 1 ;'3".Edd?,;:ft.-'.' 0 . .;.-.•' • ♦ •.'"'*V •"•'.•*. •
. A^J225o^'GRV5CER^''. a'hd 'baV;.' -co'rcfr-; -"rent-
• ■% *?45,* 3 tftrriiS'h'ea rooms':' .-good. trade.; -I.*N'ipN'
.- •BU't;iN£iJS." ; EXCHvAyGE. !>93.7MarJiet.-gL- .-
CA'-^-"$'55i}:-.loV!Blng-h{maei : V2r'tb3ma' m nortti" Mki-/.
r \';$WC>7T-liodgJjig-houee, IV, rogms;" north, Mkt.
."'c S4(JO4^Ciga.f ''stand ; -~g'66d--ff,to<?k :.'tViqrtti Mljt.
;• •*.$5<J0- : -Bra.rich" fokecy J fruits "and,'.,veg"e'tables-;'.
••.-,-. ■gcocerl**s;" lining room?': "lowi>-rent:;*r6od;l(>ta-
: .' i ;ti6n'.' > .UhIori IJusJ'nefs. ExchangeJ.*DJ>3- 'Marift-I '
A— LIST -youf ' f>u.«"ine«;s' <or-sale' 'ijtthi3$itUS$i
:•' BUSI5CESS-; px<711 AN-*SE v -.i«3: "Sl4rke.t • sf. ".
'IK'— Warited'."^ 4 ; paft-l!ife "roa<lh.tJirs'e,*'b'ro'j>e'rty.' iny-'"
"•"'eluded.' -wtfth'ln- JOUb'^mlles'-'oT- Sa.iT. Erafic.iscci; .or
'.will TjjjV, *uita.ble. location '.fjir'.'pn^." *V*NION-'
:* BUSINESS • .EXC'HA'NGE-;*' -99 j VMatkit ."St.*. '\
X~ kredo & .cq*.',* ••-' J* -••.•.-■:■;.;•* ?.••:'".'
,\.7«5 ' M.a«-ket.o^t« ;.;•/*' 1 Phone-Black 6872.
.-• $3*XKF— -itoadhouje. .15' rcibms, '.liutte. Couniy
•?25fiO-^-*Hcirel r across th°e ,bay>'res5rti , «
Hotel. .31 rmf?"..-.reafty: 'clears $250.*. ,
"^JiO — Saloon; .worth 51500; i3gknes"* ." * •
; $450 — Cigar stand; carh&use .transfer" corner?
.■•$!K)0 — Grocery and bar; south. Mkt. ; *a mint..
43-r&orh lpdging-houfie; ?moderni $2S50.* 0 '* .
• ••36-room lodging-house; clears $f?>0; $22."V>.
Bis .list at our office, c KlfEDO & CO.. *
OUR'iiew.''Quple"x-Scale'Syste"m'* wbn over 200
pe,r t*epj, it*, the past 22 days on Frisco races;,
for proofs and references *a«-k any subscriber
on our. list,, op. call .and. investigate; explana-
' tion free to. regular subscriber*, at our office
• opJy°;.tomir!iEsions handled on this system f*>-;
. 25<>er cent of the n«jt weekly "profits. Terms
.for'our Handicap Sheets, $2 per day or 410
per week.* *N.' S. HAND, expert, ha ndicapper.
rooms 1. 2 and" 3. 113 Stockton st.T * S. b\ c .
A— 3 PER. "CENT MON.THLT. • . ' .
' Ort investments of^lOO and u^wardj no "gcic
■ . rlch-<julck." swindl% turf*spiS:uIatlon gr gam-
blUig "scheme, .bjjt a reputable, "established
.business enterprise in .San Francisco; cleared
. $67,000 last year on $100.1)00 capital f stock
increased $20,000 to. enj^ge plant; .call. or
•write for particulars. . * •
i -GERMANIA INVEST.^ CO.. 027 .Market st.°
: FINE grocery and bar, corner north oX Market,
long lease, low rent, $2!W)0. part ca?n: cftrner
\i saiocn. on water front. $1100. paying brewery
.business. $2500, or "will sell" part; paying
businesses of all "kinds; hotels and dodging
- houses fr.r sale and exchange.. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny et. c .
! TAILORING 0 and Rents' furnishing business
for doing .the largest* business, in one
of the best cities on Puicjt Sound; excellent
opportunity, for two younc men with small
capital. Address ° C. ROBERTS. *101o Va-
llejo St., city. • - .*
$*25.; '.. ..: " *. .. *T7^ pr $425
z*-° SHORT.ORDER HOUSE. °
Must be'sold • . "•..**". i*v*. -. in "*l days.
Rent $25. • • ". ..*."? • ".Jlecelpti $30.
■-••«, ;.: A. 'S'T.EIN'SEP.G.}. JS3l4"-Mft"f ket .sty "
Bl'TCHETl'o shbor ejtabjishej! **b(fslnej>s;. 'all
the fixttlpe's.. horde's a"n?I car.fe." * etcV< ' good'*
trad«:. -best stand m tnV>".MlSslr|h; will- sell.:
rea^onabl'e oh »acp<5uj»t eft *j>riva*te. «reaEpjis.
Ado. ess' f«jf s -partlcuiaj's.^-box-9*}9,' Calf. •* .V'
FOR ,'iale — Largest "'tailoring 'c-Pitablfshmef* in.
Epreka; ccmplete eto^kf. all neW goods; 'store'
fixturt-s »<n(J workshlp. Implements; weH-es-"
tablishe<< busines's*? beft ideation.* Ad<lrcss.J.
T. ENGLISH. 318 F°-sf:.- Eureka,' Cal. "...*..
STATIONERY and &otlon's5ore; good; tfearr
stock; good tr*de;- c ln # 'a = business locajfonr
south ot Market st. 5 ; must sell ; '.make offer.,
i Box 807. CaH offlce.V ..... * •*:*. :*
FOR SALE^-RestaurantiWith bar attached.-'in
Alameda County, in a' godd.. lively town;
Jias a- flne trade, established. .about* 4 ye'ars.
Bcx 8i3. Call office. • e . . • • n . ,
FOR v*ie — One of .the oldest^stabllshed f,i,.
loon*, In the city: owner retiring. "Appjy
KUHLS-SCHWARKE. corner' Kearny, and
Kutter sts. ■ '- •-.'... »*•.'* : y
RESTAURANT, for ea!« In- leading tfiotel of ■
small interior city of California; 'good .irade*
hotel trade alor.e pays w»H, . Address, box
5C5. Call oflce. " '. . ' ss>
i FOR SALE — Saloon on a transfer .corner, in.
vicinity of several industries where -sevi
. eral hundred people are employed.. 'Box 91C,
Call oflce. ■- .. ,
DENTAL student wanted as partner in old-
established city , office; must haye some
means: good referencei given and expected.
Box D22, Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop. $50; flat of 7 'rooms,
$150: saloon with l4 furn. rooms, $800. Bos-
' ton Real Estate Co., 8 Mason st. *
i BOOK, notion and stationery store on a prin-
cipal street near Market: 4 living rooms
attached; rent low. Bos 042. Call office. •
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; newly fur-
nished; lease; low rent; location good. Eor
990. Call office. - ■
FOR PALK — Butcher shop and all appliances
on business street in rood locality; buyer*
only. Box 995, Call office.,
FOR SALE — $650; restaurant. . seating capac-
ity &6; good locality for. trade: 15c meals;
rent low ; 4 living rooms. Box 351, Call.
A— $400; CIGAK stand on corner. Inquire 5
. Hyde st.
THE SAN.?' FRANCISCO- CALL, MONDAY;- FEBRUARY 1, 1004.
BC5IXES5 CHAXCES — C«?ntli»n«a.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folspm 1846.
BUSINESS AGENT. .
'.1 :;•':: 917 Market st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
A,-$100; CIGAR stan°d. transfer corner! good
pfock and 'flxturep;. • rent SS. Only 'with
BROOKBANK. ' .'.
A— $12r>: DELiCACY storrf; good stock; fine-
location; 3 Mvijjg "rooms; clteap. rent. . «ee.
. BROOKBAXK. •' o . *" •.;.".•
A— $40b; SALOON, 'water front; -gobd* fixtures,
., stock; rent $20;* musCqiell. BROOKqANjC.
A— $no0;"eiGAR* stand; Marfeet st.. .hear Cal"-
bldg.: aslly rec'eipts $25: lease. •.Bpookban.k.
I A— $5OO; BRANCH "bakery,- grocery, • -notlorfs.
- candles, cigars, -toba,cc6e; receipts $12 dally:
6 furn. Hying rms.j rent" $20. 'BROOKBANK,
A^-$35a: -PXRTXER In well eat^bllsnfed' office
buslnpss; no experience "retiuire.d; .this Is a
• ' *flne chance tor c a 'rty who 'is satisfied with
$100 month: investigate:- "See BROOKBANK.
A— BRANCH half er'y.' 'candies, notions, *e'tc. ;. 3.
; • furn.- living rms.; make" offer BROOKBANK..
A-*-$325; CIGAR* stand: .riear..Marfcet;- best-lo.-
•' cation; large Ftock;. laundry pays' r.en^. See"
■ . .BROOKBANTCv . . ■ ,* " /,.*'•'■ . . ■■
' .STATIONERY-' a"n'd "cigar store' -iear -Market-
; . st'..' ' on. a. business, street: e^talSlished '-10.
• years. *. inquire .box*. 7^2.°- -Call- 6fflcel ' "- .' . "'
'MAFjlE : rrioney going, to Falri- Teanfa
, .-V good -trade- irr.'"two days;- plenty work every-.
• wh.ereV. J}bx-?.52,'.jCaIl- office.- ".; "•";•• ' • V.
• .TO -l'cas.e'-. or 'for ■ sale— Summer- resort and".
mlnoral springs °ln Lake .County. . HEN-
' NINGS BROS.. Sixth and Allcc*sts.. Oakland.'
TO- exchangfe — 80 acres »in, Lassen* County,
- partly ImBcoved,- for rooming-house or saloon.
Box IJ*!. Call .office. ° . ' .' -,-
,AN -establlsh«d. butcher business; $300 a week;
. rent $25; stable. Box 658, "Call office. Phone
Church' 4593. * .-"• '
FOR sale^ — Complete dye'fhg .and cleaning
works; good loca<tlqri.- .Box 52^, Call office. .*'
$175— -PART cash and balance * out. of profits;
clears $1 to $5 per*. day. Call 810 Fo\som-st.
QIGAR *stapd " for sa",e on Montgomery", st!. ;
'..location At. ."Bo* BIS". Call'offlce.. . ..
FOR SAL'E-^-Resta'urant "in Berkeley: '-good lo : -.
' '•• cation... Address "box 524. Call office. •*•
*^OR" SALE^— A saloon, ."on Bush-st; Icorne'r.".
.'Address box.*5i50. Gall otqce.«- ...".. .'
•FOR''SA"LE--Clgar -stawi; good .'business ,;1.6?-
ij • cation : o south».of "Ma*rjtet"'st. -Box 536, '.Call: .'■•
F"OR " S AL»— $97>; * saloon : *go£>d. .business.'. "4: v
1 .^ca'tlon; Iojv* -rent'.' .\ Box" 543". Calf.-offlc'e'. : * • v :
BAZAAR *"*ne.ws/-'stand 'arjd 'bjbtok'-'sto.re.- "ne'af
• sch^ftl. In .family" dfstri.ct.-; Box .9S5.'.-Ca.ll.. '-..;
• HORJ^ESH^m.^an"d^bla^spx[th'''8hb£'; .cheap'
. rent.; • Brcfde'rick. "«"{-."," : . rif^ar;. Geary .V -.'... \-.'.'' •- -vC
$1030^ •Jn<estlgafe>. well -stobked", • gotid 1 payinr :
j • cor.. baz'aa.r;-.rnust;be^^old.'-y.l.OOO^'DievIsade'rOj '
'.A-.pR.ANCH. offfe'e of •The.'hail'.fpr' the .necepr.
..••j*tioft -of-'atK'eMisemenfcs-'and- subscriptions' 'na : s
•' -beeh 'opened- af'1608 ' Market'-; 'etV'.oppfi'site ■
.- I-'ift-h. ."Ope'n';\yit*il II p. m. " -."•' •■' . -. ' -'.',
'\ LqprKI-XG-HOCSES .fuR'.SALE.. " :
. ''•••■!••;"■ ••:'." :.•''!;■ ; : ■ '■'■■■''■ - : ''■ '■Z'.-S.'ci •"'."■ ';*.:''.
::?;l V'.\-h.;;:.SLARlO^-GRiFFIN;'; : .v-- \ ; -V'-
• \yi<}6\ Elxaminer. bldg,;' iioK Third-and- Market:
• : .'•FJ-ne ffoht 'offices,-- directly :Oyer .'entrance-. »'•>:'
' ;. Take/'eleyafof .to, fourth.\flo6r;- phone: Black'
-.U--3'!;ttx.".; "•....- .V..J. •-•■..'- *-/■..'■'•.•■.*;.•- °.' :•■:,•.' •••■.'•'•
• : .."T-l"t!e:ab*t.ract : 'free.'wlth' each an.d every sale.-
) *{_____■ do' .business strictly. "'accoixling.'. to -lawV» •*;
jBEAtTIFULLY'- furnished.: Ithoro'ughb"', 'moa'- :
•v'-eru' and ■.uJj-n)-dateE f-nrfn-every^ppint.-of- yle«-;'
, v ; '.' atv.id?allV;.a : rrapce'4 "hCiiise'-.of $2. roomsV- on-
•:r'ttHe--'«un'ny;sIde"«f 'B-trfeet an'd'in-in VspecUlly.
;-•'- cjlnVenietvl . Jocat Jon; - ailed'- ■w.it.h.-.'a'."-s.up?fl6.r
. . ,-t'la.ssi 'af:b.oarder.s, ° whp.'.pay'JIb.e'raJ. piclce>.l>e.-."
• . : -.causfe-:"o* « the ■r.eftne'd^Tnariag'ertient; .; electrijt,
; .- '-'Uglitsi' Vstcani <h>at;.-and- hot -water, in'^very"'
V.-'-'rw n '..' ; 3Tyefcr,-lje'ase- jind'/ftvwj 'rent-.-*; *MlVRION-
: i : : (j RIFJFTN. ';^-JKi.ni ;4d6. Examliner bldg, '.'■ ■?.£. t ,
". *«&N^Eiit'^L'i;bVtJe?ms^ $|W"d6wn;B^curVs a* 21-
••'••r»v>th'.'lo^glng-"hQuse,''-5t i "'t)locks>'-.bit'-, Market;
•«'-hple pr.irie'.-.'xaily 1> $l<}00; ••we*-:l#nd»- you-.»the-
'-- balance.**;.t'o..be pni.'i.'in -Installments: ' -rent
' orily'tpO.'and -clears ".*70 pei-jrion.th-. "iiARION
"• ;GRIl;-FIN."Toom;»40«_.-Exairilner; bldg.- -.'■•".''*
. '(m-PORTANT:- Mr- you-have % °$l°500'*"to' $2000'.iri
1- ' gold Qoin.'.lt Wlll.-be .Vorth yaUr.whtl'? to in-'
■ ' vestlgate' .'this '44-room' ilownfown -transient-
ho'u-?.e. -'said to be -.cleaning- $40'0"tQ'$«00 s pef
.-•.m'qntii.. " MAR.l'ON.-GRJE'FIN.'v*;opm.40e Ex'"
" - -Arajner •.bJ.ds". s '.*C'"- "'•".".* "••''• V'i+* •'•"'.v-
• iECKJ^UP* . t"hts •12-Vopni '*_&as"e*j'*. I f_l£ *of-
• rfiomersj 1 . no'.TOonT •r'e.n'f ed • Jor-'Je&s trfti'n $ib'r
?-'?M'. larxe. r'aomsi- yvili.' seU'-out Jfor '$500;- eee.-
; ". my .agent; '.fllARtON., .qRlFgl-N.^ ; ';• .... «/ t "f.
'pNK of* Jhe .be>"t fcu'ys'lrt.'th.e <clft-; :20rpom*«
1 '• .^?trtctl-y;"respectablei. I <^ome'-V>ffl'c'es:'i'.8tea i dilj<.
V clears $90 ■ rnpijf h ; .-price .[and- .terms'* of -niy.
, ■'Vohly-agent.." &*t, t t RIj3N^GRIFFIK»-.V. ■"' ■', '.?,'? <..
' .-SPLE;c.D%p^ 4S-hooriu."ajpa*r < t1rifenf .hotjse iqtJ"'sUii ? '
. ;' -iiy''sider north, of --Mariket'-Iftn'd" on "^'treeit' can
-'• trqsshitftj 'je\e cf rl«3 ejeva tor.; V electro niKhtf?*
•V:lonjt" : lease^: ''monthl/ "profit "Bpe&iliy,". •$___.•»
' <MAIfIOfN GRIFF-IN.pftn, ■406^Examlne^bl<ls..".
;HAA'E *>-ou»Tfurrikare *f or % 21* TotornsV'an*' some'
. money ?V Investigate thls*34-rppnT. Tio\I*gi^i\vil*
;' 2P iir.fui°ni»ihed : electric lights, 'lease; .etc.-
.•Call on HARION GRIFFIN, -the real estattf-
agfnt. ....*"•• * * - . . "* •• "'
= — D 2 . S_
A— $3000, PROFIT yeswly and accurately" ke*pt<
' . b<>ok«-; house has a wld« reput'atfbn throuR^i.
1 " *th*e State .and the roomf-rs are *nft>stly law-
, merchants and • banker*" from country,
.towns; . lease; elevator; HO hit rooms, ele-
' gantly'* furnishell. M.CRiqN • GRi£fIn,
1 iJrjm 408 Hearst "bldjr. c . . V •
SWELL house nea,r Sutter and Larkih; °kttch-
•en, dining-room, yard: 17 rooms; quiet, •se-
lected roomers.. MARION GRIFFIN, room
ll'ti. Examiny oldg. ' * . o
SNAP — $1500 — 45.,roo°ms: NE.W house; N.EW
"furniture; 29. furnished. 16 unfurnished: rent
"$3*room: lease 3 years; 3 blocks of Market.
MARION' GRIFFIN, rm. 400 Examjner bldg.
OWNER sick and gone \o the country; 1C-
• room corner flat, north *of Market: rfint $25;°
• price $600. See MARION. SRIFFUN'. I
•NEW 6 months ago; 24'. rooms; central'-* tWs
; house will suit any one .who wants a down-
town house, clearing about $163. MARION
f GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner bldg. . o
•gWELL apartment h/mse of 103 rooms, mag-c
nlficently furnished and full 'of nice people;
» long lease; clears $408 per* month. MARION
« GRIFFjN, room. 400. Examiner bldn.
REWARD— Quite liberal reward "will be paid
• any one who will find "fan ounce of dirt In
my 14-room hewse, clearing $52 per month;
worth $800: price cut to. $550. My agent
MARION GRIFFIN, will lend. you paa of
theo money. Better see him. •* . .
IDEAL, private Jioarding-house of 3& rooms,
Jocated in the most aristocratic section. Jusf
south of Nob Hill; steadily* clears. $225 per
month, as my bank . b,ook will **-how» aU"
, sunny rooms; it l8 o es*sritttlal'.that 1 /?fcll "bn
" *acc;ount* of ••Ill-health: • pricft. .$4000; . easy
terms; MAKE. OFFER to** my-eole "agent,
. MARION* GRlEFIN,*"room."..^6 •.Examiner
" .' building.' « .'.."*.•• « ' » j**."*** "»*•• *»': :
•*-.".* .•*..*". •" ° a — —• • .* . V -;**J.**"
"A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.%'*. v •'."
'■ "•:••. ."Phone .•Bfa'ck.VMl.' 737% • Market *Sp-./*v
V "■'*.*•• ." '■ -'Bank R-efgr«|hce».-»- > --^-.» . .'. '..';
I "•>'.* A'ny'Houtfe Sold on -Terms.'.*. *~j':
• A-iGOOEi bIjy">.14°°f-ooms..iN''f f -off P Ma'rketvfur'-'.-
• .njshe°d O.K.-; r<»nt $fiO»prlce"*S;.v/.' .777^4 Market
-^r- 1 ' * r ", r- 1 •-* — ■ '- — »^-.
*A'— 8-ROOM flat: ejegantly furnished; Orary st?"4
• price $000; easy* ternW^TTJi^* Ma.rk/s't st....**
•A— 8 ROOMS, -nicely furnished: .good.'locf; rent.
'.only. $22 50; c bargain 1 ; $425. '.T'T'K "M'anket..'ft.'..
•A— 10 ROOMS; nicely furnished; light rooVhs: ort
• "Geary,- only $550.. CAL." INV'«S1*MENT SO.
*A— BAJIGAIN: 12rms.alid stabW, N. of Market.;, 5
good furnlshlngs.-.plano, seeing machine"? rent'
' r^o: price $£50: "easy terms. ,777",i ■JUarket Bt.
60'UOOMS:'25 private bajihs/'NI^W and MOD-'
• • "EiyN : • era nd entrance and < location; %fu»-i
. .; nishrd wyh latest dcMgns *df carpets and
furniture; Income $lt*0»- month;- full 'partic-'
1 'nlars, my agents, CAL. INVESTMENT CO..
.777% Market st. „ * . " . ■ •.'••_.. >
APARTMENT 'house. W) rooms: ]grand. sunny
• o^orne'r-- newly furnlehed; long lease; clears
• over $J0O month; sacrifice $4060: best* rea-
Wns. See CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT
'.C<5.. 777 W Market at. ° ..
' ir.C DECKER. v . . *.-. f *
.'B. C. Decker. OOG Market st.r phone John**531
' Rooming-. House and Hotel :
•; Broker for over •.;"
' £8 years in' San Francisco '
. I have all the paying houses that art- for sale.
AU Titles Guaranteed. ; ■■;■?. .*-■ :;
. ' -Money Loaned on Any House.
/ Houses Sold on Installments.
a ' J Large Ix>t of Flats. ■
20 Apartment- Houses. '• o '
• " C Country Hotels and, Bars. *'
Houses All Sizes and . • 9 . .
• Prices, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
Prices from $50 to $22,000.'
You Can Save Money
By calling on H. C. DECKER. 'MQ Market st.'
60-ROOM elegant new -furnished house; reason-
able rent; 4 years' lease; location Al; $1500.
'; 31 rooms; Market at.; fine house; cheap
rent; Icare; $2700. ,
27 r. ; north Market; new houHe;on?y $1900.
0 r. ; O'Farrcll st.: clears $10;; only $375
PETERSON REALTY CO.; 1035 Market at
LODGIXO HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
" 3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarttrs for rooming-houses, hotels and
■ .' all kinds of business phances.
C20 rooms; new -and up-to-date apartment
'hcftite: luxuriously furnished; 5-year,, contracts
Tor cheap lighting: grand m>w building"; clear-
ing ,,$400 to $600 per month.; obliged to leave
city. . * i . ." ... : .
?0 rq<)ms;' rent "$95; 'fine looation: all. on 2
floors'. 3 years' lease; clears $100; .full; $20001
• J2 rooms'; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; 'can clear. $150. per. month above
a-ll expenses; always full; snap; $550.. ' . ■
. C rooms; Gearyf'rent $20; flne'llt.tle homef 3
jrooms; rented for $25; prlte,$20<>.. i. # ..j.. .
£4 rooms; "rent 'only $13fi; flrst-class >.condl: =
•tion; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furnl--,
ti/re; extra fine carpets; clears $70; '.price.
*?lS0O;.half cash, balance 1% per cent. ' • ■ •
29 rooms; rent $£. r »: lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; -good-
.Hhingrjl50O, '\ V . ■; ■ ■ .* . , % * u
' " Ifi2* rooms;. most* elegantly' appointed apart-*
•ment house lh' San .Francisco;- beautiful, .mod-
ern building; fine entrance;, cheap re.nl;. cleajr'.
'"Vf.""f400 f?er .month; 5.-yeaV lease; "part cash-,.
.balance 8 per cent -per year.' .'.."• ..* . ••-.. • v
, 18 r6oms; rent'$S5: VeJl'fUTnishedi'al.1 new;]
•Jfif-fl dow;n^ balance 1«£ per- cent; jfln? ' buy •,; only
'. : .7-robm! new, niode'rn flat: '$4'$0 'cash, balance"
.on" -installments; income $45; price. $530.-^ •_'
44 rooms"; .rent only $125; good furniture 'and
•carpets; 5-year- lease; running ' water: new
' building; clears $100; $1000 down; $2800/ •
9-room, new, "modern flat: 4 "months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $18.00; at bargain;
sickness. ' ■'. ° • • •
. 90 rooms; part" office*; elegant new.bulldfng
a.nd -furniture; high class location-; Beautiful
Rails; everything -modern ;• flrst-class grill in
connection; best proposition. In city; called
•East; :■•;•.* ....-..•'
" 13 rooms;, rent $25;*'so'me housekeeping: "clears
■$S0{ barfl,. with* flne yard; *nalf cash, balance
time. .••..' , ;• " . ' • "
' ' 86-TOdm family hotels -bbnr ■ton.locatio'rr;-flne".
lease;, clearing $500 to .J60- per" roqnth; "always
.fill';, .'part, - cash; •'balance' .ttnte*;- owner ;;slck-
•abed-.. .-■-..*•:• • . ' ' ' ■ ...... -
■.'• flat;.' co'rner';ialj-:s.unny-.rooms^
beautiful little. gem of-.a 'home; price -$J50.. -.
.-. 126 rooms-; flne .downtown 'corner ijpuse'; pri-
vate .ba'ths"; beautiful" fayTiiture: -2- entrances;'
takes, in. $30- to $40 per day transient? besides,-
v Y;gular. rpomers; will bear. investigation. • ... ;
'* 3'2 f r"oom"s;-Post; dak furniture"; -Brussels' car-
pets: clears $.">0.: * $300 ca£h, -balance" on 'rnstall-'
•merits >'prlce $.S00. •• -.. ~? \. ' **_. ' • * -• J."
"•' 25 rooms;- tine cfor'nef:'-rerit"only !> $70; oak ."fur-.
nitUre; ' newly* p'athted and.- papered'^" Clearing-
$80;month; part-cash J mt»t..leave' ctty'; < $1550.'- ii
/. 7-rponj" flat:" rent' $40" 'dale ''■ furniture,;, goqd
.carpets; sickness ; pr4ce : 4ra5O. • • -,'.. • "•*"'' ;;•
j*2*roon!sj feht '$40*/; elegant/ new'.building, •
F.weirfajnily. hotel;; beautiful "furnishrngs; -clear-
: lng'^60t> per -month r.eve.'fy -room full: will stand.
' the • .s.tfict*sf f cinveltticatlon; location 6 -.-tinsur : ;
■passed. ,*. '•■..-.'.•.. \' : '» .■*'• ;•. '"■".■■'.', •v'-*»>S***"; •"■-.".! 'I
■'.. .19 . "r'oomis'ireB.U "6nl% . $1<K): " wejl . furnlshei;i
•.little-apartment,,house'{'-re*ilu«'ed tb'JllOO.; ■•'■' '
■ '•24 / rcK)in's:j :: che'ap rent; golden* ? oa.lt furniture;
■ flnfe'«:bedsi'i furnished .up 1 *- fn June; flrst-class_
transient; .clears. $175r. sickness. i ••".'f. % ";
' '"^r.oornsVu'ppef.-fl'at; elega.ntb^fufhfsh'edir 6ak-
:fUEnlt>Ire,j Axrnlnster. rar.i;et^J>>autirul .flati\'
.'•'•20'\feoms: -cheag^fent j. pak' and "che'rryjfUrnii
'tiire^Moquet ca^pefs^ g<^od TeaSe ;.cleacing -$125-
■>peir t -' month ; parj^ <cash. *'baig ince^tftjyl--';,'... -**.-f' .'-•'
(i E.'-ltfNKLEY,- " •'.* rf '° *. PHON'E toff:;
""-' ■■.*:•'", .1020 Market st. «.«..-
; ', .Former patrons ..my -befjt- yieferences. .. -.v*.- ■•'.■■..•■'■•
• Hellablo dealing* .'Easy- terms. Clear titles*.
•' Co.untr^ «t5n-espor.dence promptly answered.*'.
•■•'vPart-'ea'fjb, Balance .montti'ly payments."' V.- •'
•.••■.lf"rppms;.r'ent*$20: a':plck.up.,.>*.j»,:>i - i$l.1O'
, : - 20'*room*i cftars.-$S0.;-. fentz, %iO.;t,X .v,y:':$85Q.
ll..rodms; P'FafrelL- si.' : speculation.'".'. -.-'. .$400
V4O rpeths; mechanic's.' h6use>.r.ent^$60'.'.'.'.$10Op
'.'Jl' rooms';.- Post. s>t.; retk'"$4O: si gift. .*.,..: $400;
vl<i-r.ooms>reHt .$50: cfea - rs$e3; •.terna*£i.- ( .:$9^0
;. "31 rooms ;-*un'n^' corner;- rerft<,-$*<5'.-^. o ,'.'».$L6*M)-
'/W YboaJstiMarket/stW. liquor! license. . .'.$4000
• i .'17!.rpam?").'P.ine ptrf clears' $50 _*»-. <,.$7AD-
■} '» Tborjjp^- •Satti»V.;s't..)' piarji^lly 0 fti>n'lsh B <id°.V.$o5i>'
'% 12 rooms,;' <"allfornia; Bt. : -renfJiSjOVa "snap. $730
•r3V'.rO6riiB ;■ "Fourth and Market^' a,' gift:.*. .$1500
-<CjO"'rooiji&';.' Geary* ptfr clearrf-iJ40;. rent'*28.$5jK>
'.■24V room's; .T-4,e'a,yen**/orth- 'sf.-c "specjura'tloa^JjUUK);.
■* A 10 9 ropYnsV-E l u'9h < :st...-f- ren't- $37."50 i ;
•lOO'roibms; firarid' sunny, c'pr.ne.r.-7-.'.i..-. ,'yl -.$7000,'
" • 1 SVroqmfi-;: .jj liiif urnished^ rent • $45. .'. .< V °$.VK>'
•*35 ; r.oom's:' tYansi^nt'-; 'jease'. .■'..■.°>.r.\.tl : /.'A$1500'.
.-.-.".S'vroorii's.''. Post-, '•/t.'-.v.ren*i:$32°; onfy'*;'. . .'. .$250'
' .'GT*pcery' kliJ- bac; •rerit;$l > 0'.i': ::..J... '. : «*.?>VJ7K"
..1-5'«.<jom»i'-»FJ«Jh' a'hd M£/k*t.;!irent-.<S35.%;$r»3p'
jurnlsuied.:.. :$45">'<
■ Cfe-roomy? -Mission. atid° Stxyi-'sts.; lease, $45<)i)-
! -.45 . ijo'omsT°pV>rtlAlly.'f ufnished.;- rent^$35'.-. $j.!»(X>»
.FCTR-'siiLE— A 130.}. R-DIN.G-'hOITSE ;" M^njM.
,j- SIZK^jEbEC.A.VTbAV-FlfRNfSHED-. IsOCA c "
X'T.IO^N^ liES.-T l*X*"THE. JilTYt. *.' 7^2<ftK;.
• qwnKr "Xeavi'no •, t6w.N: .*■* Bax"-2snjj, ■
•" tgALti.JPFFjfCjX-.*.: , a -'^ ; *. ? ". . ° V-; »* •■* v * "-"*'■
•A^$700: j.14 ROOMS; ""nltfe'lV • furnrshfd^.- Al lo'-
• crffipn*;. rent'J$4'^; part cas"h. bal. time. "See.
• .BROOK-WANK. o „ ] ;. . ..
pit pay ren^when Andersen wiU sell \'o*u,**a*
"Jcjrtglng-house «"rj,.eas>» oayments?* AJs'DER—
."..SKN. Ji35 St., rcSm ].;=. °" <« .*. J .-""
•in RdOMS: cheap rent: pitt cashrbalance.jp'ix-w
ments.' " J. ANDERSEN..V35 Mafket B*t.,».r: o »lv^
CORNER house! t»t5 "rooms'; afways "filll; rent"
$215 prr month; Income $475 per "month;*
will sell for $4500. BOX 577. Call'offlce. *<s*
LdDGING-HOVSE on Kearny St.... close* .to
Market. Dox 5C8. Call office. . .
liODGIXG-HOl'sES WAXTED. " \°
WANTED— Lodging-house* of aDojit 50 *io O 65.
rooms; rent must be reasonable and furni-
ture in good condition; Rase If possible;
would like It in good location for- transient.
trade; will pay cash. Box 795, Call office.
V ° SPIRIToUAMSM. „ a . \
' MRS. DR. MARTIN,owonderful spiritual hea^,-'
er and business medium; mining a specialty:
advice 1° guarantee on all business proposl-o
tlons to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
n peace with the one »ypu love; readings* by
email most satisfa/.tory, $2: readings dally.
. $1; developing class Thursday,. 8 p. m. 502
'Eddy st. " t ' " ■*■
MRS. -LESTER, test and business Medium ; clr,
• cle to-night.. lOg; read, dylly. 34 (ith, rm. 8. ;
MltS. KOTJER circle" every nighl; 10g: ile^.-el-.
oping circle^ Mpn. eve.'; sit. dally.. "43 Sixth.-
I^H0F.'F*RED EVAN'S.' noted, clairvoyant, and
fc _ slate-writer** liiq Eddy. Phone S.cott 0 887.
■ KATl^*. HEUSSMANN'BVclrcU Frlday"«er».^'
-..*o2.*jp; «i*- .daily. 1000 Harrison." t«l. Mint 897,
•EDWA'RD'.'EARLf:". 1W2 .Eflls.'" r*>adlntf- "dally. .
A'S;Z(r.tn'4; n«o rP e«i Snndar und Thur«j»y. o^.';
IV ?'*.»••''•••,••'. ; "^^ R V<>\'A\T.S> a './" ; "..*. A- "•
'^A. "BIG .READING FOR •A"SMAL.L-f"eE.4'°
.::$rr $i.-*i.$.iVthis week^i: $i. $i: .$i v
• * ' •••"• . PAUL' DESTINE.* ' .* *. - ••
-."J-The FirFt .rjeglsterert 1 Trance Clairvoya=n|.and*
'•» . • Palmist Ever In San "Franfclsco..' • • '
.' ',' '-^ — -.T^-etfuture ctfh be" told.— «— •*.•.
J*,-FRE-E. . . :°. & . ,.- . FREE * v . «. . %•.". -.FSEE"
:""•"".., •- If not correct. "*••,. y.
'•Hi will .tejl your name.^oceiiDatlon'and wha^t
" • ■ .;•'• *," * ! '. 'I'ou want to kn«5w, ...* "~ ' . ,.\<s
, ; ."Or char«te*you not one*npnny. ". ." «.°*
..■;* 5- . "This. Is. honest. Is it not? •*
". "He wiy Ml ay I^bout your business, family
. .a.n<" .love .af/airs, whom and wnen you swill
" marry;, how toijestnre hcaJtM and 6 lost vital-.
r.ty:°how. t^o be.succeasfuU'he insures you suc-
. cess or charges nothing for his services.
• . Hours' 10 a; m o to" 8 p. m. SundaV°2 to'C*
'%'• *.- *::A O'Fafrtfll et.- — 326. . , j * ;.
CASHMlRE"" ' '• ■:■•■■..• ' .CASHMlRE'
310. Ellis st., ne5r Taylor. ■ • . .
••* ». ° The. Onlj* Psychic Intermedlktor . .
•, -'i--'* *. of Secret I'ower in America. ~ „
• .'. Clairvoyant, Palrojst, Trance Medium/
. b So st'rangeMs her work,' without" wortf or
question tells you-ojust* what j-ou to
know; tells your name in full and the name
•of the one you wlU marry. •tffmMfjuavmtgtgmm
A-i$l THIS tVEEK $1
Wonderful, bewildering. • Is the work of
Cashmlre, peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation;, advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines;, reunites
'the seoaratcd; sives secret power to control
A any one in 21 days;' removes evil influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives name,", dates.' facts; readings by mall.
fTSMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st_, cor. Turk;, private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; re&llngs by mall as . aattsfac-
. lory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
v full. life; $5; send lock of hair, date of. year
of birth; don't. send currency; send postof&ce,
. Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
RETURNED from hftr European trip— Miss M.
' Wllle; ■ clairvoyant, crystal eeer: readings
'.- dally $1; hrs 10 to 8. 460 Geary. teL Green 39.
MME.; RAVENNA' reads life, business advice.
• • names given. 25c up: : owing to repairs at 5 4th
1 will receive • patrons 835 Howard until Feb L
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
MMisriii. "b ernard; the~~famous
Clairvoyant and business medium^ 'perma-
nently located at 17 Third «t.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your°llfe correctly, gives an
.accurate description, of the past, reveals the,
present happening and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,,.
" dlscontenfed. or not satisfied with life, or
.have domestic. love or business troubles, coh-
. . suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs* of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-.
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4563.,'
MRS.. A.. M." KRONENBERG/ palmist, clalr-
i vgyant, card reader: When others fall try me;
i -. good- reading 10c. 721 Franklin, hr. G. G. ave.
MME. * PARKHU.RST,. cTalrvoyant and » card
'. .reader; business advice: sittings dally; 10 to
12 a- v m.. 1 to 7 j). m. ; 25c up. 33 McAllister.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
. moved .from 132 "6th to 23^ 6th; la, 25c. g. 50c.
•JIME-: WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
• gents 50c: ttSl'Mfsslon st..'nr. 6th; "open Sun.
OLUEST.lady *palmlit and card to ader in city.
1%y^ •Keargy. .room 20;* ladles. 2Sc; gents, BOc.
"MKS '.AVARD. for a- few days. 917 Market, -rms.
. . Jl-12** gives d.ates,' names, -facts.-'Houns '11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, youhg'.giftedclalr. arid palm.;
> .""afaes; li-pOc.^r." $r..714.FrankHn. j nr.Q.O.av3'
MME.- MASSEAU. "card reader;', ladlear. 23c;
.gents. BOCyQ 345 Minna. et.* . :.* * .- .
MRS: BAUMANN:. fne -we'H-kriown- fottn.n«^
..'teller.'js now, at 317 ElUs'st. ': v .;' -
• MRS. ."SHAFER. 'clalrvoya-nt, card -readers sU-
. tings dally; 4.48% Jessie St.. bet.' 5th arid 6th.
CAnrET BRiTKG^p CraA^'lXGl
A-IR. now «nlvert»ally used in* cleaning carets
" on floor, without removal;* Drlce- moderate.
S: F. Comuressed Air. Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main C237. *• \ y-y
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
>»nd- for PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
" ing. Works. flEB-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. '■
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
• rison st. : *A1* .cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission L^S.'
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet. beating; mat-
; tresses«made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21(i.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
' tel. Majr 304.' GEO, WALCOM & CO..Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpeVbeatlng works: p.rl/'es
reasonable. 1703 Han-Iron rt. : tel. Mission 263.
CON K UN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
- yy< (*>olden Oate ave.: telephone Eawt 2«.
:
•BX.D 'tenants ejected for }>4: collections made;
••' .city, or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
••/CO., 44?5 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: t«-l. (k^6.
'-.• . .■""•••■•C.pTTAGES TO LET.
•J?pfcpRE.S. G3»— Upper tart of lovely cottageT
. ,s|x Tooins; $18;. grarden: water free. ■*.*
;'•.*•;*' : ctoes buptu.be." . '
W>IO DOES IT? HUNTER". 1206 Market fit.
• Stnd for clrcular.-/'O'hy*wHI you' suffer ? .
• v '.. . •' • "'
DR, LUDLUM HILL/iiJH" JIarketvnr!S?venth .
j-f -*No-cnarK<> f Jr extractlns- wnen place's arer-
",made: oJd.-Dlatesi. made ov.er*'llke.ne<v;. teeth",
V from. £8 per set':' extracting 50c r gas jfjtve'n.',-**,
,A.*NEW plet* — The^AVhaleb'o'ne-r-ca'n,ri6t boeaStf'
•*• warranted 2ivyr9>';<.'crown. $3.50*;v.tfl lines. tOCr-.
plates, $5L'«fullvse:t:"all. work palnfis-ss, -and.
wa.rjra-ntea.vChlcajro.'DentaT Parlora, ; 24..SJCxth. "
:A.'i'-ARtlIURi;!ClUSHeLM. •"surgeon'.' oerttist,i-
-' ; 'room J.4. -Rh^tanVbuUdlng-.' Saaj->"ranciscp'_'.-.".. ;•
-P A-R{S.' -bentaf-'ParJors,"^") Keii'nV;'-cor. : ' Bush—
:■ -.'.Set; ■t.ee'th;.$l-50 utr^croWnsJ-^. upy fllllngs;25c;'
•<saLPit)ll^igs> '75criirveV, Xc: *row'ns.-.$2r.n6:
..'-pain ;- ope.n 'Suhdtfyg- Dr.O/B. Hewitt,- -OkSutt'er. ■
;lA.<Seoifdion, gpnBufsjp'-ah&t'knife' iSlai.M'nj^'-d'o'uhJe'
'stamps ,on.;dress -Irning*. •Stewart's"-; -but- ten ,ah.d
bu ttonfiote;: fa&tpry , .1 i 0 f Ay lor^ -lei: { Folsprn 2121 :--.
.XlVpQwJ:i3L.r)res|fmak;ng ; '& .MiHJherV.' School-^ :
; cut % to^meast|re;-.eye.^clags.-.'.101{r,Mkt.. : '
::l"J*..>/>^V/"'^ iau^ A TIPX A L.';->':v^:' '.-;■" '-\ i
: ANOTHKR .^n!argarne^tTfaTT76A^4EelSNUV
,-; s -BUSIN ESS- COLLEGE ; .an armx'.or workmen '
• " are. .pitting the '.finishing, t,buch*es -oh our:-n*ew
,' ,home; 901 '025; Goiderv.Gate ave.- The develop- '
;> Jment. »jf .thi-s jiroKrc'sslve -school -has •been.pne,'
• °pf..th'e gr.eate«t succcssejf'. - of- th'a..West; 'IS.000'
* . Jsqual-e-feet, -35*rooiiis,v45(>'«itudents,.-18- teach-"
'•■yers v -Wjife ■for.7o; 1 p£ge..MlU3.traf t ed catalogue.'
■.-^■The .growing ltfe .pnd'.-enthusiasm'.-he're-' wilj»
.■•..rb&'a/consta.nt*ttjgp,lratlfi&'.to>-Vou.;''.-.g.. ;;.'; :.'■/■:
VAYRES; : th«-.*Wdlng.'bus\ne.?3c6fleg^'723'Mar--
,-«, ket"sf.:;iestabll»aed-18 yeacs; 'life.: echolar^hlp;.-
' •' $50/;uoqkKef^lng. ishdrt.hand.'-'tduc.h". typing."
,".irfthn»etic-,\-spi'lllJ>g, -.%£{;;;• positions: peeiiri-d:
~ ' lhe-.<oi.1ege" /ef j-rnif4h%d-'. w^th'-new-.-typewrltera ■
•' January ■!'. ,.,-Catatcgug *t tee; - j .•-'.
'"NE.V.^yu vVn(i.e"- depart meht ' tff ?the- "Paiiif-^Gers'on
'•".: SeNqpj.'. fif- -,Actlng»-now".-qb.en;;VappUcaflt3 ;rei"
■'.'/ celVed'. f rr.m 6-,l&'12£.ea'rs .pt' age; Mfss .Eiillari.
,* .Musp.toj -. p^in'ciRa'l-:; 1 ex'ce'fttlqiu^-. .ad vapta ges';.
• Jargft?f.8ch©ol l? of '.th'ft.klnd id the^JVes'tr.'sepd'
A : Vf(fr; cataiogtfe". :>«'a'tlvp>jfen i 3';naHf. 414.Magpn.'-
silBi\LD"S -BllSI-VESt? 'COL'lfecE. .24' •P.OS5X. ! "-S'.'''
L Ki-KbokkeJ;plng^ gnorthanrt-,-' Vouch ."fy.ping,..
■ *•" languages. 'tele'granhy. •EHglisR J)ranch*e.«f; day,
. and*n°fg'ht sessions; lllustr^tted-catalogue free..
•is—. . i f -2^ , ». 1 .» r J! •
vTT.Hf' Lyceum. *aft. accredited preparatory schopl.*
' »for the 'university, law and jnedfcTil colleg&s;
* , ref,* .President* Jordan* or* Vj^y Stanford profes-
..". _8c"r; day. and evening- sessions. Phelan bldf?.
HIIJMAN'S • Aca.demy*: a" thorough school* ot
:.. dancing; fcstaj)lish»d '20, years. . 1412 Poll? st..
* between .Vine and Calltornla^oth atjujt andT
.. children's classes are°Jiow open for, the season.
A* LARGER ard better school, thin ever; enter*
at'once'Jf you desir^ a good posl.tloji; Gregg
°°' shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. Ji} F. Business
.College, 1230 o Market st. % •"' " ;
SCHOOL of "Singing— Opera, cpnc«*rt and ora-
torio; voices cultivated; method. Italian: en-*
"gagements eecured. •. CARLOS N.* KELLEK.
" 301 Geary st.. ** .*• • • • •
* c » ° ■
ALL.EtlgHsb and. commercial 'branches, short-
. hand, typing, etc.; reduced .rates till 'March
• 1; eve. speed clsPss, $>2 month. Western Busi-
„ r»ss"°College. . . *• . ' • *"
HEALB'S Sthoof oj Mi'n6» & Electrtcity,24 Post
St.. S. F.; a "Practical school of engjnecr.rfjf ;
"• complete etfulpmen*.. Special catalosue free.
ENGINEERING — Ctvil, elec. mfn.. mech.. sur-.
" vev. asst>y, cyanide; Aay?°<9-\: est. 1864. Van 0
.def Jaillen .School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING "Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday.' Sun-
day evss., Teutonia Hall, Howard St.. near
„ Oth. Pn.f. Foster; society dancing taught.
PIANIST and experienced teacher: harmony,
ef«; parties attended. W. H. LIPSCOMBE.
313 Leavenwofth st. o . * • • . . " .
(f. iPANSFlECD. teacher of° violin*, guitar.
Vmandolln.o ban'o.. 42<i O'Farrell Bt. .
.BRIVATH lessors shorthand. peftmanShlp, Eng-V
"•■lisb.; 4«l awd_ evening. 602 Van iig3S,ax,e.*", .
LKENT.°Law Sch»)ol;'always.o°pen; conrfuct'e*d bV
V*fi\cMcil*lawyers: M6°Parrott •building.. - ,}.•
'LADIES wlsHiRE to learn millinery. art,"com-.
'.°p 1 ete 1 *sy8tem i> taugn't. 139-Post st J , ii roont«C7.-
SPANISHvFrejSch.Mc.PoJf-.DeFHllppe'sAcadenly"
.'o^ Janguaggs.320 Post :estaftci a i871°:able*t prpfs.
LBAN'JO,. 0 * nSapUftlin" and * gfulta'r .thoroughly*
.•yaught:" orchestra rrafctlcej 4<J2 Geary 1 st. *. .
PIANO fessons". 2Sc half hfftir. MBS.* PECK, '
•• ex-p^rieneed teacher." 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth. •
,SCHOOL<OF° ILLUS1RATION, .'.-.'., .-.'Day "and
i-.PARTIXGTON»S d 424 Pine «st.._ .Night class..,
, .• , . EMPLO.Y3IEXT QFFICES. '• ■ . -
GET y8ur help^fTpiNE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT "OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. 1333
» Pine. nr/Jap. M. E.Church; -jhona Polk 36ti6.
IGEORcIe *a6K|, 421J'08fst.:*tel. *Btfsh*l'35—
s Japanese-Chinese e/nployment* office: -fur-
o nishes best help Contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-'
Chinese help.' 426 Powell. Tel. Main 8752. '
A— G°RAND 'Japanese-Chinese Efeip. Office, 415
S=tockton; tSl. Gran£ 168; expert, reliable help^
SWEDISH and 'German Female Employment
. Office. llB Franklin gt.; phone Folsorn 2S5ti.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
flce;'all kinds help. 315, Stockton: Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
.-, Tel. Main 1097* BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
BY competent and reliable woman as manag-
■; Ing > housekeeper or companion to lady; well
: educated and . good musician; no objection
• to leaving city. Address box 3247. Call.
WANTED— A- position as companion. by a cap-
" able, refined woman; no objectionuo travel-
Ing; references given. Address ROBERTA
D. KENDRICK. , Berkeley. Cal.
SALESWOMAN wishe* to go to St. Louis Fair
. ■ • as ; demonstrator for flrst-class house.; refs. ;
speaks : English , and ' German. ; MISS T.VIT-
. TER. 1821 Scott st. . ..■■■-.:■
MIDDLE-AGED American lady wlshe3 house-
keeper's position; neat and' good cook. Ad-
' ■ dress , Housekeeper. 428 ■ L St., ■ Sacramento.
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper
or care of Invalid. • 406 Octavia st.
EMPLOYBlEJtT WAXTEP-'-irEMAJLB^.
A YOUNG EnglUh girl wants to care for one
or two grown children; has best of references
- from last place in city; not less than $20. can
' at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st.. near
Powell; telephone Main 5472. N. B.— This
office opens at 8:30 and closes at 5:30 p. m-
A SECOND girl, strong, young, good city
J ref erences. ' wants a place. Please ring UP
MISS PLUNKETT, Main 5472. or write 4-5
Sutter 'St.. near Powell.
'A GERMAN flrst-class nurse: best refs. -Ap-
■••ply-toMng.oNOnTON. 31.1 Sntter st.
POSITION* wanted in first-class hotel or
'.rooming-house as manager In dining-room
■ a by experienced party, or any place of trust;
."'references. S13. Liberty *t._^ ' ■
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position In
school or as governess or companion; also
. teaches French. Aduress F. HIRSCH. Ir»-
Ington. Alameda County. <
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like day work,
washing. ironlng=or housecleaning; good work
done; $1 B0 day. Box 3262. Call office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes position to take
care of one. or two children. 316 Fif,th ave.,
Richmond. * " __
STRONG ydung German woman wishes. work
. by the -day; washing and cleaning; can do
" any kind of work. Call 73 Bay st.
NURSE girl, experienced, desires place out-
side ctty. Berkeley or Vallejo preferred; good
references. Box 976. Call.
JAPANESE -lrl would like a situation to do
. light housework and cook in a small family;
speaks good English. Box 974. Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced governess.
_Address J. ' 11. C. box 303. Berkeley^
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
•" Phone Page 1047. •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church -t».
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
•A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been osened at 1008 Market st_. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. - ■■«■
EMPLOYJIEXT WANTED MAXE*.
SOBER, reliable man desires place to do
chores; understands garden, horses, can
milk, also housecleaning; wages moderate it
given good place. JONGHAUS. 1800A How-
ard st.. S. F. '■*•:<
YOUNG man. 21. wants position as grocery-
clerk; 5 years' experience; coed solicitor and
. delivery man. Box 790, Call office. ■ ; •
FIRST-CLASS barber. M> 3 years' ' experience."
wants situation in the" country. Box 834, Call.
YOUNG man. 26, .wishes a position on good
private place, city,", suburbs or country; care
* horses, garden.' etc.; a first-class horseman
* -and careful Driver; 'best of references.
•Jress Coachman, box S01. Call office.
WANT.ED— A young man of 25» a competent
stenographer *and tsDewrlter, now employed,
. wishes .to* better, his" position; references first
.class; wages expected $W> per month to start.
;. Ap'piy box^ 824. Call *offlce»
ACCOUNTA-NT desires position; excellent ref-
• erence*j §v 'to -character and ability; capable
■ of." doing compijaated work; would undertake
'.'".to a'udit or write up. books evenings.* Address.
.»«".bo*x Vf97...i'all .office. . „ . * ..*• ".•.;.
;IJARD';VV-AR.E",'ma*n ; who,jcan take" "charge of •
; : djpart-hienj • &r-' can manag'e -business' 'wants
;';•' posU4'o"n".0 : cltjr -.or "cbuntry.;. can , "give best of.
'„'. ; rjgje.Tfences: v -. Xddress. *r6pnl* "3,,. 2174
I'O&lfTloN'-w'a-fited.'byan Englishman u Janitor, s
V--Eorfer--and;Var<l» 1 nef;-"han^y .with •all kinds'
;• :\of 'tubls; flrst-iclis's. re.f erences; city'-or .co.un- :
; t'fyr.i'*fto;x5 > 'S2 ! l9^-"CaH*;oftJce. ♦* t" ••; , V | .*. C.
V.YO.ljN.G-^ia:r{v'.tliore i jjgMy;experIencea,;iri -coQk-'
'. -Ving'/aria'-biiklrfg. .wants .-pQsltlo'n -'in family or
■•■-"'prlv^'te- 6CiarS!hg':Vh'ouse; .ref«re;np'es iglven.'.
•."'".yox .jtjsq. ;0aii.;.' v.^-.'.-; ■;•.' ••.• ■• : * ••»••;■•-.•;• ' .
.-■WANIEIV^Situatiorj /as. v wat(Thmari' orVporter;:
" baptjy, man.J» can-' thills •arnd--care.ho'rses-;/flrst-
■.;:«!. S«r- re.fepetocesv • 'Apply "* box ''J017.- Call-,pf'-.
■-..-. fifie;. Oaktand'V'-.UV'';/;?.:'.^^- *>:?'.'•/*.**" '.'
. WASTfeD^By-'re liable, and-' indusjrib-is' • man.",
'i i n..'as •'gard'eKe'r;; '(lowers, •vec.et'ao'es.'-
'." ' ffMffsi -.w'cll .rypommenMed*: .best, of- £«ferences'.' ;
•■.;.B<jTx'lceO; Cafl offlce v paklana. ;." •-'•V'.-. ;
.-!BR-TGHT^*'in*tell.igent *young *m"an,-jige.'22,. de^
■v'slrpJC right:-. nJeat. position *as bellboy -"or. other
:■' wToiac-.'lniprlvate.'. faiMUV at .-fence,; "Address
)':- box- 1021; ••:•-•:•> •** ,>' .
• IN^LLIG*ENT:>young\ irian; ;*.ige ; IS'. ,deslre<
* •eJevajtafi.-Koy.ln 'prK^aieVhot^ or
'■•■other work'ijh- -private .family' at onpe. -.- Bo*'
';:■ 102S. ; pal'|,'-o5fic'e.VOak!iCnd. *"■>•.>'. '•" - > ;* *v.'-*"'.*
■RELIABLE Gerrnai>.:'naridy' with" .'tools', J.wish'es'
: . "-pVslOon !«r alhrourid-mari-'fln, private, place.
'•:,-: '.hpfe4 or. Jnstttution:'-fu'rnl.sHes--ow.n- tools; .best,
- > ot>'r?Cyer.cjr< .\BottS?s£*n$_t1fii*.y .-' ;.' ; *»..'|'_
"5<VNti.Y ihan' * irp"hols1erlns.' painjlnj", carpeny '
- *ierlng- ancfall- arpwrid". w:orlj'.^Kants.jrtuattoji
.*- ./In courttry .'hoteW.ipriyKt'e. jlnsttty tlonr Box '
'•'. 73ij,-.Ca < lf«of,jr«.M»; _*.*•. ■.'•'.*»* - - -?'*rj.-lt-.>'.*- > '-.-'••■•J.^ ? -
•SiT(TATlON--"deflir'eiJ by? •middle-'kgeS 1 man. and°*
%&-mm on.-;*3tnch'.".oc*^>ri«ate family;: Jate» stew- .
.*. jr"d'-ahd-'s'tewir(le3s'.'-i>n-.shlp:'- English. VAd--
.^^r>ss**;AV .TUCKEf S. Slp.-East «*.'.»'c4t;jv;'.'. ;** •*-
C.Eit^ANr/'well"^ exStrjenceUv i"lrf winfi ,'and.
••*: l'iauors,— wa^ls- work Jn ;w1ne 'cellar^or liquor,
*•: Ktuh* 1 :-" stnlctry.^jorj&r rfi'n^-'fndujtrious.'. "H." S...
• .* 17ii Fourth ?^:.r*>o'iil^3.. *• .'•-'*'.' *.*,*;•*- J -J'
POSITl6N-?.w.anted-. ns- coachman' or. Tsard^rfei?
'. :b>* sobe'f, .rt-ifable.man: years or experience;
firjn-clays;*.olty. dnd .country -rftferences. . Box
. • ft-ti. qaii* : . . *.'*•. •' **• •.. . •* •. **' -.
EMPLOYMENT, wanted. *:by*"an, . able-boiiied •
.man;-bandx wit"? t<>o!s;*.good worker at any*.
* thing: in or oat. of city. * J. F. "641 Coramer-
"Mal tt. « •" / * . ' . o. . , * . *
".STEa'DY. reflable. man 'wofild like position as
Janitof\.watchman.'.pr collector;, can furnish
* besk c!tj"*reierences' tfnd bonds If Required.
Box M8. OfiM office. . •• . . •
AN elder"iy man wishes a position as "houSeman
In a private residence. Address box 3251,
. Call office^ .*'.'. .. ' '
•RESPECTABLE "young girl wants *a place for
. second* wortt ; lately *froc^ the East. Call at
* jjajoost^ ave. . * . » •
WANTEDr-Posltlon by man*a*nd wife to take
charge of small ranch; fh-st-class references^
» Address box 749. Call office.
BOOT'anjJ shoe salesman (rom'th- East wants
position at. once; city or* country. .Box i>44.
Call office." *"•„... ' *. " *
_^. __• ft — -u
PA>.\*TER 'end paDerhanget; .wants work by
day: low prices: .an 'work*, guaranteed.
. SMUtfeY, 43O Slxth.st. " ° ,* o
r*lGHT or day watchman: city or* country;
references from last place; 'reliable man.
BtfxSie; Call.*. . o* o
, HAND'S roan, carpenter, can do most anything,
.wls*hes cmplcymfcnt, on 'ranch =or .elsewhere. o
Kox »71. Call offlc*: . .
\V.^NTED — PnVition as apprentice plumber by
„ strong youfjg 1 man: •.*• years' experience.. Ad-
.: dre?^ 12SC Eddy at. . - ' " . * ■' "_,-
POSITION ifa nl«ht -watchmatv: several -years"
'*. experience: first«clas.<* ref.*: "bond if required."!
••Z*V*.*..BLv\LOCK.° Winchester. Hotel. • ■'-, ■ ;. -I
*** «m*»T* *
jA'PiAINTER". paper hanger'and tinter w°IU do
'•'•work a(-*speciat prices to get started. M_ H.
.o/Morfig. 1914 o Geary St.; phoce; Polk -2153."' t
••A /.POSiTION 0 on* a?, chicken. • fruit-" or' Stock
•• ranch • wag°es" or* shares." Box. 805. PaH. 1 " » ' • ,
• YtiUN'G' "man.- 18. wishes- wor_.*-A-ddre!«s W.
••" DRO^SICI,. 131B Mason st. "• ° ? J • » ' c
AN' elderly man -wishes a .position 1 as .porter-
'••.good references. Box S25. office. ,-
CAKE "baker wants position: '"married man.
"• ' Box 969. t Call .office. . .». • ; * V
COXCHMAN, or man , about place, city ref.
, E.:7REMAINE. Ro*i b'tation.- Marin Courty.
EARTENCER. first-class "j-eference^, wants po-
•■ sitj,on..city or country. McC.. boi?;533. Call.
BUTLER or valet, flrst-class man. wishes a
plaei. Address box 533, Call office. ■'
JAPANESE^ i'oy watitsj'a situation to work
two hours at nicht; has i ref erence. I. T..
bcx 332. Call office..
AT San Rafael: a Japanese boy- wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy, or every Saturday: house-
work of waiter and washing dishes every
evening. F. YAMAGUCIH. 1304 Post St.. 1 S.F.
A JAPANESE boy vants situation to do house-
work and help cooking; In city. II. HAMA
«35tfr McAllister st. •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
TACXAI. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; flne complexion guar-
anteed : new method ; 50c M. LUTON. manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkin at. ; phone Polk 17.
FEATHER ItEXOVATIXO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. S25 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FIXAXCIA1,.
COMPANIES ' incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Kl-
■ .nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
1 FLATS FOR SALE — FUIIMSHED.
THE furniture In a 4-room flat for sale, cheap;
* rent reasonable. Call to-day. 11 >i Dykeman
place/ off Mason st., near O'Farrell.
F*L.\TSTO LET.
,*.. on tn« .quare. v;-'~
-
HlSsss
COMPANY. 1^39 Market .t.: M rvtet. ab->.
lutely free. .
317 FIFTEENTH ave.. Richmond District-
New, -unny Uat of 5 rooms and bath; $_5;
cars tjass the door.
ronn rs bet~Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
No* and Sanchez-Lovely uppe." sunny Cat;
5 rocms; modem; rent $20; yater free.
CORVER Fulton and Buchanan; modern flats,
6-7 rooms; rent reasonable: apply prem.jt-3.
FLAT ct 5 modern rooms, bath: rent $20. -22
Rondel place, off 16th. Valencia st.
FLAT of 3 sunny rooms and bath; cheap. In-
quire 1522 Howard st.
NEW corner flat, 12 rooms; 2 baths; marln»
view. Box 75t;. Call office.
NEW corner flat: 12 rooms. 2 baths; marina
Tlew. Bcrx 750. pall.
OCTAVIA. 262— Upper sunny flat. * rooms and
bath: references.
A LOWER flat; 5 rooms, bath: $22, 3334
Twenty-second St.. near Valencia.
TO let— NW. cor. Fillmore and McAllister sts .
7 sunny rooms with 5 bay-windows; rent $55.
S-9-11 ROOMS. Just completed: latest tm-
provementa. Baker/ St.. corner Fulton.
FOR rent — Handsome furnished flat of T rooms,
piario. 2833 Washington st.
HOWARD. 103S— Flat of 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping: $20; private. i
A FLAT of 4 newly furnlsied rooms; Data;
gas. 616 Taylor st.
ELLIS. 1360 — Beautifully furnished upper flat
of 5 rooms and kitchen: $55.
FUBXITtRE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of a completely fur-
nished cottage for housekeeping. 4 fooms. -
bedrooms, parlor and kitchen: everything
new only 4 months ago; price $175. or will
rent for $27 50 per month. Address box
' S9O. Call office. ____________
A— $100 NO 7 combination coal and gaa
range; used 2 weeks: $50. 403 Valencia st.
. " Fl'ltMTUHE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. I* H.
BURD. auctioneer. 181S Mkt.; tel. Howard 275*»
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
°FOCR hotel '-waitresses ' for city. $30 each: a
French second girl. $23; a ' French lady' j
maid. $25; a cook -for plain boardlng-hous*v
" $30; a •maid and seamstress, country. $3O: a
' -nurse for 3 children. In city. $25; a- cook for
I .German, family. $."»: a cleaning girl for 1n-
* >tltutlon, S2O: a second girl, two in family.
.$3<Jt: a housemaid for private family. $25, ref-
• erences; 40 -waitresses' for hotels and board-
V- Ing-houses- in ,city,' $2», to $30; forty-flv»-.
'■ housework girls' for housework Jn city -and
'.-country,. $3O-$23-$2O. ..fi. ' ,B. — This .. offlrt*
■" opens" 8:30 a. m. and closes '5i3O p. m- MISS
' ' JLUNKETT. 425 . Sutter .St.. near Powell.
A.-St'KS!!, i.1,". ' muft have, references; cook.
.-■ ATOeticarf- family, $35; German cook. -$35; a
. '.second- gfrl. .fanflly ot • twp. $.10; -t-s-cond
•'. glris. $25; .' wajtreas, $3Q, . M"RS. .NORTON.
,y'-313> Sutter st' • '- • • •".". : -..' -. ' - •- •"
•A— WANTED-^-Glrls' to learn hairdresslng.
... manicuring. \<tc>: trade taught from .A to Z
•-. in. 2. w?»ks: $5 tcr those Entering now; 3 po-
.-. si tlons to B!l . Immediately; positrons guaras-
-.-tee*, it.fto.p.er week up: feadlns school ta
j .' -.West-.' 233T-Oeary st.. room 13.- : . .' > ;'.■•".
t A-r^iirls (o -learn mllll'aenrnow' for spring sea-
- ».scn;' both, season's taught frcm. start to finish
:'"j-ln. 1. mcntlj for $15; positions' as '.trimmers.
.- salesladies', etc.. guaranteed at $10 per **{(. up;
- ' day and evening class 1 . 143 Stockton at., r. IX
A— LADIK3 to- learn all branches halrdresslns
- .trade, munlcu'rlris. ".massage, etc.. 1238 Mar-
1 ket st.. cor. Jones, .room 9t; positions secured
., at highest wages';* day and eve- class; call.
*SE~TNO" MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
' ETEES: NOc EXPERIENCE. NECESSARY:
'-"• PAID S.VJLARYv '. LEV1' STRAUSS& CO.*3
•'.-F-ACTORIES. 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1373
*'.. MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. '■ • . - '
GlRLiS 'wanted; -plain- Jtjw.lng. . 1S17 Devlsadero
•. : ..st'.*:--'caJl.»ftfr'g a.-m: . .' . y /.
'V.'ANTEfv— Ah -experlfhcVd apprentice girl oM
b'/jcustq;^ coats. Apply, at 112 Russ at.
!*Tl"AN'TED-^--A-Viri:to do light housework and
K .^laln, cixjVting In' a bakery. -9114. Larkin st.
■ W-VS'TEto-^-Ah experlencKl * waltreos; wagea
i,'" w .$2Ti;| -HcOel Sllramijr. -7ft!; Geary st.
»A 'NEXT'. girl experienced cook :TlIght wash-
> . IPS 1 . >ag'es t-W; ' .11 SO. O'Farrell st. : -
■^VOMAN'wAnt'ed- asslsf 1 in smalt restaurant;.
>J - -no "experience required; /. 3lSV» Third «t.
■SEA M3TKESS* wanted at 324 San Pablo ave..
OakJ^mi: 3 Call .Monday or Tuesday.
MACHINE girls a'n.l fYhl*»h,ers, on vests; also
• • apprentice at t»H*-j Stevenson st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
.Chutes 6 p. n». Wednesday; salary no object.
WA°NTEp — Competent girl for , upstairs worjc
» and waiting Tor family of 3; wages $23; rei-
. erence*. Apply Monday s from IV to 2, at
1404 Sutter st.
Vy'AXTED — A first-clais waist trimmer; also
. waist and skirt "flnisjiers; permanent position.
. 3-iO O^Farreirst.
YOUNG women of ffood education to »rain for
nurses In pr«v*att> hospital; paid while learn-,
ing. Eox 649. Call of flee, ft
YOUNG woman wishes any kind o» light em-
ployment, during the day. Address box 831.
Call office. » ,
GT1U.S make money while learning dre-<*<niak-
ing. Dresscutting Academy. 428 Sutter »:.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy stor»»
call 0 3fter 10 *o,m. 14<rt» Polk st.
•GLOVEMAKEKS, experienced: 2 needle opera-
tors; steady. CARSON G' OVE CO.. 123 2n<l.'
WOMAN accustomed to teaching o place and
" train employes. Box SC«. Call office.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking. Asyly 252S Pine st.
WANTED — Reliable- girl: general housework.
°3S23 Nineteenth st.
AD VERTI S.vMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Brancu office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A. BRAN/"H office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia ut.
°_ £ . HELP WA.NTED-MALE.
BU1"LER V $^>: farme7~andi wlfZ $Ho and
:foun*.1. boss this morning; laundryman
3 for in3tttu*lon , $-."> and found: ranch cook.
$40 ard ' *ound'. ' »stanrant cook. $IS week.
'and other*. J. *\ CROSETT. & CO.. 623
. Sacrameiito st.
COOK anti wife, country restaurant: nice
place: $60 and found. J. F. CROSETT &
tCO.. C28 Sacramento st.
c ■ ■
F W. SCRUGGS, salesman, call at once. Se«
J. F. CROSETT. 62* Sacramento st.
A GOOD second batler for steady plae- in
I city $45: references. N. B. — This oftlca
1 opens 8:3© a. m. and closes 3:3O p. m.
sharp: call on Monday. MI33 PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st., near Powell.
_____ - - _ __^
•Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure gooct positions; catalogue and run
Information mailed free. MOLER System
Cclleze. 6.T5 Clay st.
GOVERXMENX positions — Call at room 14.
flfth floor, 3C."> Larkin st.. for free information
as to positions, salaries. ag« limits, etc.; day
or evenings. ' •
TRY our men's slio«>9, union made, at $1 and
$1 SO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 BO. or
crthopedlc shoes. $ 1 SO; best ihoes on earth. It
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. S doors from Marn-u
WANTED — Young man; drug store; 1 year's
experience. 11 a. m.. Cal. Drug Co.. NE.
cor. Ellis and Mason.
BARBER wanted at A2G Ellis st. Royal Shar-
ing Parlor.
i , — _ ZZZZ ""
i UNION barber wanted. 1007 Valencia *t.
MAN to wait at table and help in kitchen.
23S First st. \
WANTED — Youth for a flower store.* Apply
at 317 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Man to wait at table In boarding-
house. Corner r.ay and Webster sts.
WANTED — A hushelman; wages $13. Room
115. Phelan building.
BOOTBLACK, steady, wanted at 202 Fourth
street.
BARBERS — A nice 3-chair barber saa* for
rent at 5 1J Sixth at."he llife^^^KB^M.iKISiBliKili! in The Caff
HELP WAXTEP— TOALK Con.
urnruv & ready. «."4-c*i« ciay it
Phone Main r.S»S.
Leading E*n-jlcy:aent anrt Labor Arent*.
1TK« »e cave- 1W>4 we hop- to
C0.000 n-.cn Tvork. increase tW.OOO.
Arizona.
IVe eh!p to
Arizona. cloi«- to Prescctt.
TiMO mca tor R. R. con M ruction.
We 5fctp dally.
2 yeans" Job.
l>:0 teller. Arizona. $9 10.
£tab>cn>an. bakery, country: sack sewer.
•■•• Jot.. f£ 0C» day; boy for store, city; car-.
r;ate ti.mrier. Old Mexico, free Tare; 3 mar-
rK<1 laborers, utr mill company; 15 larrn
J-.ar.de. milkers. i>run<*rs. rtc; milker- ctty
dairy. **0. fnusd: milker, country, fare paid;
►nir.jflc ,'oir.pr. country. $:Wl. found; mould-
maker terra cotta work*, cliy; foreman plan-
:uc n.'.M. ouuuUT: farmer and wife, small
rann. s..e tc«* here Monday 1O:.*M> a, m.. Wo.
rouni ; . mar. and wife, waiter and launJrcf?.
cour.tr> ; farmer ana wlf*-, Nevada, fee boss
ten-: midair -aged man to ke«-p store; asslst-
«nt-bookfcee|>er.mlne company. *ee Less here.
ks.V -found; tutcher ar.d saT:5age. country
"shop, south; cook*, waiters, dishwashers, etc.-
Woodchoppers.
2J> woodchopi-ers to chop cord wood for big
lutr.btT company; Rood proposition; redwocd,
i-Oc; fine. SI ;3; oak. *1 .'.0.
Wcrk summT an<i winter.
Ml'URAT & READTV .
CU-G^f. Clay st. •
BTl'TCHER. country tfcop. $30 found; butcher.
cour*r>* market. $50. MURRAY & READY."
CS4-C3ti Ciay st.
WANTED — Fcr U. P. army, able-bodied un-
rcarrled raen. between ages of 21 and 30;
dtlrcr.s cf United States, of good character
end terr-rerate habits, who can speak, read
and writ* English. Fw Information apply to
■fiecruiticg Officer. : Rlaito building-. New
Montgomery et.. San Francisco, or loL'8 Sec-
end Ft.. Sacrajnento. Cal.
▲ NUMBER of barber shops for sale cheap
Ca'.l at 647 Commercial st. W. L. M. GM»U.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes aalf-
eoled when you caa get It done for 25c. 50c
and 60c while you wait at KS3 Mission tt-.
bet. let ana 2d ets.. cr 11 Third st.
WANTED — A young man. about 17 or IS years
of if-, cf cod character and habits, to as-
sist in lumber office work; must be able .to
typewrite and fio shorthand. Apply between
hours cf 4 and 5 en Tuesday. February 2.'
I'M*, cr write to P. C. L. &. M. CO., Second
end Grove Fts.. Oakler.d.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;'
rood ccrr.pcn«<atlon: easy proposition, to'
place; tnveetlirate. Royal Mercantile ''.Co...
suite 19. Columbian bldg., or 952 Broadway.'
Oakland. .... ■ ...
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau, has re-
moved to 9 Ctty Hall «tj.. or 1&04 Market st..
Jcunvymen Barbers' Vr.'. :a. LocU- 14S : -JO3 '■
R. BLEILY. Secretary. . . .
WANTED — Men and women to learn .'.he bar;.
b*r trade; wages paid while '•arcing. -Call'
or »<l(lrefc* WESTERN COLLEGE OP BAR-
BEP.S, «>47 Commercial «t.. Fan 'Francisco .-'
WANTED— B.;y. 14 to 16 y*ar*. fo r office
*rrandf, etc. Address in own ha.n-Jwrlt'njr.-
t -.--.•:• r afre. :.->-.-..•;. If :■.> :r.< with par--
t-rrts. box 7^>7, Call office.;.;? '.' . '" " '• -.--.. "■
THREE young mm to «;arn. their way through
college Ly working outside-. of . sehor.'. -hours.
bean! net Included. California Business. -Cel- .
l?ge. 3CS Larkln st. . - -. . ; . ;■ .■■■. .• ,',■
WANTED — Laborers and' mechanics • to: know'
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House . proprietor .v h.*s'.
• dded 100 new r omi to the . DenTer : -H6ns«..
217 Third rt.; 250 rooms: *JSc. to 50c per -night.
WANTED — Flret-claFr 3<-b pressman for 'platen
prerses. Aujily PANBCRN. V VII. : & ■ .CO..
T-s: Market rt. '. -.' : '
WANTED — Active, honest man;.-Outsifle .work
and collecting; *alary <5<» mcntJi-i 'f2Sn : ehf^-:
d<r-c*!t rt<i\iUr*A. 'JO Mor.tron:er> ; pt •'; : sult» V;
WANTED — An up to-date • Job printer^'; n'on-;
union: steady j>o*ltlon to-good man. .-Address'-
box 8C:. Call. :' ■■' , ; . '.; : ■' ,- • . ; . ' ■■■■ :
■WANTED — A nrsl-clasa amip blAckiaith "at-
rood wages. Apply to A..MEISTER;A SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal;.- ". '.- • . '. ; .'"- ■•'. * -.- ..'■
TRY our men's »l«oe*.' .'ur.lorl>' made.' al;-' $l,»a'i-
t* t(i pair: locj-.'inn rf.or» as 13 50; -wipati
expreff >.r n:aii charcoj 11 3d «... Exam. "bid.'.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARR^ 40 SITls *t-:.14 "
year*' r-r«<^'ce* references frorb 'thcu*inds'.of- i
person* for ■ti.pf.I ha^e' »«cure4'pensi.c*'S. - : • .'J
n-VSTER rafters wanted.. 423-.- Fourteenth' -i
ttr**t. :■ ■.■':' .-.',;.; ••; • C' : 'v> ".': : V
BARBER rhop' »nd. two. ll>--injp . room.s. for- sale
<cheaj . - Appl) 1 " 3)19.' Harrison- ct -.'.■' .■'.'. ■..'.'.'■...
DRIVER en f*rtrmis»lon a t--'M u rr» y '.> . . I>) ViSij :
and Cleaning .\\vf.k>; Eighth «nd Ho«r.a.rd; . ..•
WANTED — Al : thilcrins" - sal? imian:-' • - -'Apply
Rcjal Tailoring- Ccmjiany. C1C- Geary^st-r' .; "-.
FC'R ta.lt — 2-ohalr' barber shop; a. bargain' Box'.
7CT). Call office. .; ; ' ..: ..-■.- ■ ■-••' •
KUEICIANS to Join m'.lltary band. 328 Bush "
•t. third floor, room .4.-' ■ : ■• '.""." "
EAILORS and ordinary seamen for. deep-water.
»hipe. Apply DENT'S place.. 29 -Stettin* st: •'.'
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullie, room 40. Phelan:
bldg. Pan Com. Oejo.H. .Tborr.M Pott. O.A.R.
MEN to learn barber trade: San Fxaiiciico-
Barber Cc'.lejre. 741A Howard St.; ' ..-..: ' '.
WINCHEHTEIl Hotel. 44. Ttirrt st.;. near Mat-'
ket — 700 roosis: '..V eight;- reading rOonis;-
free 'bus and baggage t« and. frcrn f-erry. . .■
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for the re'ceptioii .
cf advertisements and subscriptions hVs- been
opened at 1003 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open cntfl 11 p. m. ».■>:■' v . -I
ALL r.z'f men's ehoee. ell.rhtly camaged, halt
rrlte. f>63 M^be'cs St., bet. 1st And 24 sts. '
GET your fhoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to !JOc. 503 M:s*icr •♦.. bet. lut and 2d'sts.
HORSES AM) WAGONS.
DON'T fall to attend thr hlz auction sale of
well broken ' horse* and- muies at CIS E'Us
rt., Moi.day, ' 1. a* 11 o'cl ck.' S.-
W ATKINS auction***". Pho^e East 743. . •••"'•<
*POR sale — A ctyllch" psJr of carrlap" horses:
tlack. gentle, good »r*ers. r \. tricks. Apply
'£17 Jaclccon rt., Oakland, or 23 Csiifcrr'.a
St., room 7, San Fra ncisco. • •" " ,» ; ••
BUGGT. harness and a n>are.' stanis' about*
lCVs hands ; stylish: can be trained tu t-o*
In 2:IS cr'2:20; a fine bucg/ animal; will'
aril reasonable. ' Box 633. Call efflce. - * , ,
FOR SALE— A gentle hor»«. I5H hands high./
« years eld: rubber-Urei ouggy and harness;
will t*U torethT ur separate; . mrHe offer.j
>--:-«-' box: 352.- Call offlc*..
CLOSING cut at suction — 4 eurreys. 2 phaeton?.
7 wayor.*; 2 rvibtxr tire*, 10 bunlneis buggies-
15* i^f* ....-..■■-. 4fl hers**- Tuesday, ■""ebruarj*
2. Jl a. m.; at 1140 -Folsom et_ , , '. . •
■ 1
3TOR sale — Cheap: one <rpbn of horses, 5 and el
jearc drt; well "toi-ok--: »eigb 1250 pour.Js; or. I
will trace for 'a Kood heavy tevtn. In>jai.e
1*521 Railroad ave.. Alameda. . .-*.
FIFTEEN fine youo^ roadste«Ti anf. business
hcrse*. thoroughly broken tn" ruarantet-J.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 244 Third . rt.
WANTED — 'A .'■rtyllf.h . buggy hon«e: one •» ell
broken' end. rentle; ntate price, ttc 'Box.
800. .CaU office. . ..••-- .V '. 1
COMBINATION hay and «.«»! wagon for-saW.""
»1« CaDD.'-rt., n»ar Twen'y-fownh. .'•J*. *"<*.
FOR *ale — Sir j second-hand express •vagons
*nd two trucks;" '233 Reale st." • . « •" .•• ..* .]
rirZLIVETtT- wagons — Li^ht. Kedlum; business *
!'.rt>- 24 Point Lobos ave. . " ' * '-
WANTED — An' open business bur»ry In xood
repair. -and, reasonable.. Box U27. Call.
FOR ':: r thesp; 3 spring buniness vagons,
nem-; 1 Sd-hard -"naron. 1680 Misslon.nf.13th
Al EXPRESS, wapon. light camping wagoa
fcnd ro-c»rt for .-tale cheap. 232 Mission st.
Larrest at»ortrrt.- 51-hand wajrons.buckb'd.sur-.
r>y.h»rn»-yfc.work.drt\-ing horfes. I5th-VaJencia
Ji?!* 118 TO t>RT '
A— PRINTED Hit cf houseiTto i ietT*>«nd" foTcl£
cular. G.ILUMBSEy & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
BEFORE mot-injr r«-t our printed list of house*
to let. feALPWIN A IIOWELL. 2? Post st j
HOtSES FlItMSHED- FOR SALE.
McALLISTER, 720— Nlctly furnlehcd house of
fight rooms; reasonable. .
410 JONES— Furnished house 8 rooms for sale;
r»nt t*M*i. Call aft»;r 1 o'clock. ■'
IXVESTMEXTS.
WON f»S.' STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All «lHidena-naylng securities for sale.
GERMAMA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
"LOST AXP FOUKD.
LOST— On Kunday afternoon. January 31,
lady's brooch, eur.buret of pearls with dla-
rnorul in center. Reward If returned to 2-SGO
Sacramento at.
ifSJt&S* vw l- cl| Pr>« 1 . * yf*rs old; branded
R. S. on ehoulder; suitable reward. 1744
...>.-.'r. ft.
* 5 »E E T VARD; Iotrt ' 6m * 11 dlsmind locket, from
MiMion «t. to Native Sons' Hail Return to
~3<4 ti.rc-.f-r.'.t st- *
LJOSTV^AXP I'Ol'M)— ConJinai-j. .
LOST— Lady's gold .watch;" matin flnl.s'n. with
diamond in center ; monogra m- M. W.-; mount-'
': ed tiger claw attached; .liberal reward paid
on return of Mm* ".E; M. WOLFE, 3M Ful-
_ton st. -, . . :. : • ' ' . ' ■
LOST— At Japanese! tea garden' Ind-.Q. Part.
January 31. large 't>*ack gilk mufflei:; liberal
reward to finder If. returned -to. J. -R.":iN--
GRAHAM. San Rafael. • •. ■■■..'.,•■•... ■•;.'
LOST— Red pjeketbook c vtainlTtff'.pa'pers . and.
■-ertiflcste ."• of deposit. '• ' Return -WELLS-
FARGO BANK and receive .reward. - . " •' ' '. ;
LOST— At Alhambra Theater; Wednesday,' Jan;
27. Persian lamb neck cravat. Liberal, re-
ward If returned to Alhambra box office. 'V*
LOST— An Elk charnv initials "W; J.W,. ■*{&•'
■ 3.'.'.. Kindly return to 303 Bush st. ..iirid reV
reive reward. ••■*.•-.. . ■-. "/»•-. '■:'?•
LOST— f?nu"l .n^trument" case;. name~^nslde..
Ketum to SCI Greenwich >t. ; reward! ' -.' ».
MEDICAL. ."• •'';.-'•'.
MRS. : DR. WVETII. specialist for.-ail female",
compla.cts: -Intiart : relief • guaranteed;' 30'.
years' experience;' removed, tb 82G' Post at." »
MRS. DR: KOHL, reliable >p*«tar.ist'.for all fe— .
male troubles and .Irregularities; Instant' re-"
lief guaranteed. 100SA4 Market st.. opp: 5th'.;
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— Ail who are- «lcic : or..
In- -trcublc- coriult- -this- speclallsj on. female.
cbmplalr.U : positively, corrected: the unfortu-?'-. 1 '
. nute helped; the • most 'difficult cases 'treated;:
.■.■advlcfc tree. Office 101S Market st- : • _ f-. '.'•■;•
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOI?ESin EARS*
positively- cured; rtewMriethod: 1 week's ■treat'-'
. i tr.ent free. Dr Cottliighani.' 204 -Sutter.' sti- • •. •*
MRS ; D. ALLEN; illSMarket— Reliable U4ies'-'
specialist; a private- home *3>efore and' during' 1
confineiaent ;• besr- medical care; lowfeesl *.,•'.'
I Drs. Goodwin. 73:" Turlt.. nr." Van N?s»-^Exp'ert^
. . In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;-
treatment *io; hoars. 10 to 5: 25 ye8>rs'..expeT;
DR. ROSEN reside, 2995 Folsom' st.f. e'orner'
2Cth: ladies, relief x»r no fee;.$10. ; . • '• : ' ■*. '
DR. sn4 MRS. DAVIES'and HINPOO. HERBS;,
original method of treatment. 1-12G. Market- «.;
DR. NO TOT ICEE. 319 Powell .«.*.' .opposite
U-nlcn Square: ail discages cured by herbs' •.'-.'
\ MIXES AND MI\IX.G*"-i> \: \-£-
THE "Monterey. Gold,. -Mining Company;.'' 'which:
•oshs one of the" most valuable" -mlr»s' ln.Ca'u'-'.
lomia, has -placed on the Bracket 20. WW. slja.res.''
of '"s stock' -at 25c k- *hare'-'.the.*p'ar.:VaIue'
I being $1." Mr. J.-.-J. Taj:ior-.;the-'enjrneh't''rpln-;-
I. Ing *xpet.. Is -In chars;.* fit the Jw.otV 'A'n.d : -"rej.'.
• ppr*s that th»'richn'e«« of .the : 'mi'ne Js *falriAnJF_v
• r»i'i<"l.v.a» the work Advanre*pCithIf ■eloclc.^flll.
'go to $2 a «haire "wlth'Ln'tbe ne'jrt '•J2vmont*s:-
. lnTere«ted parties can. see 'th^'.-Q'uaiitx .and- gold^
• ' -taken cut of !his mine -.at-, the., pfp.ce-* of 'their:-
.fiscal agents; '•' ' •• . .-.'."■ '■*.*?•• ' ■•....-'•'• -v'*'
QERMANIA INCHEST.' "CO"^ 0J7 Jtiikxi tt.- I;-'
V— . MI SCELLAXEbrS^*f<o'R< r SA'Lljl ]*pj
BC'ILERS; Vuglnet.;' 2a-ha T n!i-.mS^fi"ia^ry', "Mc'IN-?
: ; 'x-QSH g..WOLP.MAN,':i93-19? .Frem.bnt."st: ;•.
pons Youa roof.' leak?;-. ';•■>*• j.>-" : t." v. :^
"' Repair U wltn,*tHat«'jrite;'-in'_ro'lls"*a*y..tp'la"yr/
■".re"ds uo'"palnt':n>e or' treating'; .-good- over '.old-
Iron, ,tin '. o; '«hIngle«;'-.l>esf.""fcfr--'n'e'w'-!yQof8'i^
-ELATERITg -ROOFrNGVyOJ- '7.l£WifkiiVy**
■ -2D-HAND ."ma'c'H'fn^fy* ■.boileVs'.-,er.irl"nes';-'riJ-nps > . : '
• ' .pulleys;- shafting!-, etc^i.etc.; -c*bp"ugh ! tr 'scLlit,/
.•'■rehieii'.and"-Vxchanir/*d;:'"se» ■Sundayr'r-p.a'pefs-'
: ? . \h. B^2?ytf^vpf}ite\Qjj>£A^^&!Sjifri?.
' :^^^ofi: r^n.^j^7:^t^isrni^^€^:'%1^^ifJ0^i^'-
■ - : near-' P,U5jr"^:/open-*Jcf;S.''p^mlv •Su?'i*i 'Vt9 ilbon^-;
A— BUYS-' .;■ >ellf- :or.-. rentV 'jr»j'r'.m»i,ehlrie'i:*j';' ; >riV--
. : g^-nea,^'bf>t3en«f--*'at"er.p'i}e:">sh'aftlBg i :"'pdUeys..
• ■.-' etc .;.-; : .Wfti.TEKA'^\>'?'Mr
■A.. Fibrfij^e'lect'ionjrdf!; ti-vinks>'visult-vca*e.s.: tSrid-:.
- ■ tayoV-msd'e--ryU-s*-6ol4-.<>tir.sm'air.-^«>'k.ly, "R*y<l
.•■•■R^en.tg.^-.M isfl.t •'Cl.c.t hijijf '. Pa N ors'..-i25 .f.B^pcR* on. i
■TTPSW-K-it"ER'S7^li|fh'tiy."'^^d.-'«ofd,'i?*IoJt > S
■•■•bew."- Uj'i'derwo<;<J v v y:efbfe -.-typewrtteri'cat'i-rcjf.-.
' A lit'ER A*ti<!»>^bsaI*t^Jftsi**'* il^'» ?^i*6SH|i""Sft'^
.-. 'P>>Vjiiir:.'Prfce.;.H'att>r;' V,t1'Q.*K*sra-/ 'sti.'-.ineAr..
' '-PineVp^.ri'to'. S.-bi:ih^'-'S^;h4a.ya^to no^ncj--'- .
' --TR.T .- cur.-' me"-:'-*. '^hbes" StV.ilV'arKl^itl. Ob^.'pair;*;
""fQo't-' ; : ft^di'".ipTes. : 'aj^ $2$!M&jtot£p*$ *'**Dt' f 3*t,±
. ;'.rharg:et : i'44'v34.j« i i-'^i».m.:>bld;*: ;.cata.l6j{ ,fi"?e-;
..iu^^icviLdgrtdiu^^'M^wS^^Se^Sm^i;]
■" rn-jlled; palr-tlng.r^ntlift*.i'i*De.rln"g:".'>I^ME-R- ':■-.
■.. : I G>*N: qyqv^ye tJtAj-:'. ■ T^,l.> Jy Ksari; : 1J-J21 : v* ;,;. .
%2^SZ\:-s4yic\:i.i\o-'i[f.gV '%*<&*: to.i : rtr.di»r,i-;!VFacr''''
'. vt&r'v. t&gji&'firr.'iihpiit : 2. ',.*,•;-. -v";.- '*:>";
r<Jl*N.^^^i^'^il'!ttT'.'.co^$75^ :: 3^-->Cln'fteefith<i
i. ; '>try<.'-i,>;;://.'v> : ;> iry'V^i-^i?
'■A : FINfe ■:pro& 1 t>''^J*Jb.' brew; -•Ssrpnil.'.KaVa v-jboG&.-
\' -;iy»w^ -;B^x;^s;"-Ca1\; '■/*•; ; "y-y.'"^? &&? '<l
. l?AiCI.NG*-^a'rk' v fofc'ftshin*g^>'nd- hunting-.^ '3'*{8 r '
. .■;-;:.Kash'-'Bt:>;.j.hlfd>'fi%ori'..r.oo'n^4._. .•? t '..'-S v" •>."•*• " : .-'* ;^- :
DES;"KS^uVfc^*£^*a'-i^Mexc>ianKro,*- "iVI'^lxS
.-:- MCCARTHY ■CO.^fSp
; MIUJ'S tft'til lie" .irid.v'at t i n ki : . ■'"aU.;-T.iies'r..V-f:U>'
; •'■ JE Y^t :gpN S.>.-.TO&;;XirJleid . ft. .«' ;;.:V .?
. • E A EBH ■r*elsteraX'.'-^'V.>a-nd';-'sex:dn(t,-V"'
!, : . h.Wnd:. '; I,; Fi{ : EEV-AN:0/3J»:. a.afkef .ti.t: % ;. ' ',;
••JjOMii- '-go»5l" secorid-'ha'rAi CKa'ifAi.n? y&sfatSjiJlei:
■ L. ;i*i h;.-^.:'::cK^p.c'.y^'.ti^^^x'^'\co^:^ l^yi^i.^
'^SU>r.-'.rr>iic'r!'!nVs.*;'.fh»aV^r ; <rl?icaEQ'4* : >
■ ..•■'■''Cer^urieg.Vfeck'*C«-.B>'^JAt:uPJ.:-9'^.iflykfer..^
DF5K S "7a rid.>if ei ; se\\*th'?!2^m5lVt e 'h neistVIM 6 ;
•;-.lIi»VX; ; S>F.E'^c6:. .SpT:: Bat t^ry ■ ri.'jj. r, '*&£•<,
"MO I'ijiG 'Vpictur**.'* rnaVlc" 4a,'n'tern/« ; ra le^renta*!;*'
■- " t»nraljis- ;Bulj"ard •*£ -Irjrec'k'-* T3L Poit-j,t. \ .- -..
■ SA'FE!»r->"*w *an*d »erond-harid3*E.,-B'.." BEC ! K :
;•.-'£■ Cp.". ip2>lirket .st.-. *.* *. *.•..■.•.'"'•• •}•?''/
•"pdls-?ri -Khiiiojrraphs.'* records, supplris, moving
. \pictH.re machines, films.. i3aclya<Cipl;.gti3 Mm.-
GASOLINp etisineji. automobiles .apd li.^incfirs;
all' sizes.- J. r . E. DOAK*. 48 Fremont" "st. "•* '
AFX -for pricey on »ecdnd-ha*r«l f-^pewrlteraTair.
makes. -ALEXANDER- Sz CO..' 1» Montg'y.
A.BRANCJ&offlce.ot-Ttre CalFfonthe re/?<<!tlon
' it adv;rttsemVtits and-subs^-riptlons Has been,
■opened; at 1008. Market st;' op»oslte Fifuh.
•-Open' until -11 n.* m. • ••*
'■■■• ■ MISt;ELLA*XEOUS °U*A>'TJ. . „ *" *
I PAtf • highest; prices for all\ln3s of cast«^T
, '. clothlr,g; c »en«l pcwtal. c MQRQIS. 11% Harriet,.
BOOKS and libraries £bught.-.JI. c? HOLMES •
', 1149 -Mjirket st.: phony Jessie" 37J.1. or postal.
TILTO.V wapts good second-hagd clothing <Ati&
.• theatrical goods. 154 »th st.': tel. Jessie 2S.;.1 =
*. *. "".. MO>PV°TO llclAS. \ J z' ?
JVAa— HERMAN \fURPHY. P **"? " ° * „ °T "
■ : • o • "601-602-603 Exarrfner BuildiJig.-
'• 'Quirk Settlements; no dliiappolntment. .
• # *" > Save expenses by dealing airectly.
"- Estate*,, second mortgage*, .'undivided . inter.
e«t* as.«!gnmenls t»f proportyln trust,
f ' etc. •' legacie«. life estates and undivided »i-
I in p/operty jiurchas^d. c • * * " "«
Colirteous treatment. Strfctly .confidential.
* - * * -. Wlfep. You Need o Money *.'•.! %
'-. -?*e*.HEItMAN MURPHY! f ' \ °.\
' ': ."''•' WIL'LoLOA.N* •
■• .-*/;• *A 'reasonable amount on <.-"* * •.. '.
•'. *..*•/•." . -' lrt. 2d *or 3d * '• ." * ■
•. .*••' • ..-Mtj*rtgage on real estate or» • •* •**•
•* -.".* - . '.-" '" Chattels.. .In .cij'y:. towij. . C •" •=? # "J
- "-i'*-. -•»* ?•*■■" "o* *ouhtr>'. „•• .• " ' ■'.. j£
'.' . ;-- V- .. Low ra^e or Interest. .* .•*.*.•• ■ •*
„.• f-.-. . , " 'Give full pa'rticulars • .*• ;'• ..
5V *•'•*;. "V. ' M property -or chattels,^ # .-. ° .*.»;
''■ '.- ': .'"• "-.'Location" etc. " •*,"• ", >'.
-.'.•:'. * " '.Box. 40J>t Calf office. 0 ..'.. .- " .•
•MO'NET_loaKedoto° saliHed* people, retaltl'rndr-.'
. • chant's.- "tea»nters. boarding houaey. ° w;th<Jut.-
;' l **^curlty.-. .easy * payment*; largest bugineng °iij"-
-. -^ffl^nclpsl cities. .Tolman. MS Parrptt bldg.;
.HIGHLY resrjfctable private place to oUtaln
•DberaV ji'Jva'nien on diamonds. Jewelry, ato J 5
per rent* 'interest. .Baldwin Jewelry, Store,
,_M(^ Market; tel; Main 1C44. Branch. l'JThlfdr
A — 1 per'cen*" on furnS.ure oa piano; no remV? 1 .--"*
. al. no cooxutsclon. no publicity ;$23.*up;quick,
* private, 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONET to John pn low Interest*, s^>ld, silver."
dlamonde, pep -Is and preclou*. stones bought
at W. ,t. HEbl-HAL'B. 10 Sixth st. '
MUNICIPAL LOA 1 ?? OFFICE. IO?- Grant av*- ,
IX)\NS FROiJ $l*Tty $10.000.
NEW eary method — To wage-earnVA on unln-
dorsf-r notes; absolute" privacy. FidelKV Loan
Comp. •?. rooms 48' 49. Chronicle bldg.
TO Ml; % .i.d people without security; on fu*--il-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. 8* F.
Distxant Agency. 143 I'htlan building. * *
AT. lowest rates ou furniture and p«ano>>:'#tric».*
priv»cy; no commission ;inntallments accepted
DOVELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY rum on turniture or pianos; no "removal;
lowest rate; e»>sy payments; no commission.
1170 Market it., room CS.
MONEY loaned; reasonable .rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Marke. tt.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per r*nt
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Keamy.
3% ON furniture A pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMA1N. roorp 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furnitu/e or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Fa vines Bank building, 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money 'to
salaried employee. R. Sll.MPtual. Sav.Bk.bld.
THE: SAN FRANCISCO* CALL',* MONDAY. FEBRUARY. 1,, 1904.
* '.'•'.MQXE..Y. TO- tO AX— C6nHnn>«J.*.* '.
CASH- loaned ralarle>l people on .notes without
Indorser." MORELL. CPU Examine!- building.
/. " :!*.."..- •'. MPXEY .WANTED. ".' * /" :
.W'OUJLd- "lllse "id'' borrow ' $2000 ' on-" a" house a nd
'j. lot it- a' reasonable rate of* Interest; -.1 "have
." v ' ir.ood position and 'can pay off the" mbrt-
.gage In "a phort' while. Bbx -768. 'Call office..
ijj^l frV »JC AJL * . I "^STRUMEXT._S:< • -\ . .
'-A:F*lNE-lofof -bargalnti in second-hand^- pianos, •
■ •■.Including such makes as Steln-way,- 'Halner
•'■ '-Bros'., .Knabe, . Bails. Foster, Weber, Star.
".'^Marshall .&. Wen'dell, Sterling /and other
I'-'-maK-etii.'- BENJ. CURTAZ- i-'SON, ldO'Far-.,
•; •' tell *«t*.'-I. no ."branches In .Sari FranclscOi '•'.••
■A *FEW .On're^eem'ed '.«torage pianos* (also 'fu'r-
•' lilture^-wlll bc.sohl to' phy-storage -dirt ;'cheap. *.
■ V.Ay**ITEHEAD.'gL -stsragf.- 16HC Market st. •'•"
'CHEAP./pquare •and'. upright pianos;, new '.and'
. " second-hand-. ori;a"ns; -'vep- -easy '.payments: '
•.'.^403 Ma-ket* 8t;.'.. : sec'6nd. floor: '-..• '■-.:•< : ..'.-
NEW!.. pianos -'sold""- on- $'3 monthly.- .. payments.'.'
."jqs; scjimitz & -■ CO^ay ■ McAllister .st:' : ;\
•A:-.FisCH.r:R'- upriklif"plan"oi.f.or' «ale;'BPod--as'
■ "."bmt;". $135.*. -'237 Geary it,-' :.*' " •*.-..•;«.*' '•*:".
•$65^,V' V PRIGHT. .piano;- Steek' rnahosariy,\nearly
■■'•new. BROS.-, -'2iG McA'lllfter'str*
•BEAL'T1FJ,".L' *3-pedal '.Stelnwa'y upright p1a"n6.;
: . ■ perfect reader- jgacrlrtce.-' Keeffe's;^Sj Q'FarreJl^
SQ }i M E RV . hyron Jliirty. prann*.. CeclWan '.-piano '
v. player.-: BYRON ..MA-y^if..;:;08-31 2 : Pesit Kt. ': :
•^'PE.Rioft'- vlAltns -'zithers.- old «nd ' ne>-. '.H.-
' ;.?.-.>l.ULfcER. thaVr.' ret>'a Irer. ' a Lh tham" ' place.,
S^rWRES'TOt-^f' !;'-
."A", LARGE-'riewly-.ritteil'-up -nfol-e and ."ba.sern'ent.'.
■•:,.t\i *jet-"-»Jth.-3r;y"eari« lease; fin'e'st, locat|otr;' low "
" ..'rent;;' t'swlax. --2ta> O'l-""arrell st.". ..-.",. *'*:-.•
F.iNfii'.-ljishV offices <<K*}»t. 53.5 Cailfortira st.'"
NlCE': fine" office" -to- Jet;" also .fine' frtmt --desk
-'room,. -Co* 11- at Ml!) ' California st.: room -21. -..
•-.■■:■■ I \"..'\~S' r •-•."■■PKRsoxAL'si. '..' «.."•■ :•'. '•;.;*
.WE'.woyfd"Uk.«-..lo""jSi*;' v a N *<;cJpy - jof T*he- Adver-tls.- •
•"-.. -lng ; : World -into.the'.hands .of •eyer"y".-"j>.rs6n".
-.•••nr-hb.-.fc-eeps'.a^iy. "ktad: of : -a.-it .«•;" every newsr .
•>;• pa%-er:V:rran-;.. : e\*r-J:''."adve.rtisinK :W.rit-e'r.. every.
:.,>.- .p>Vio"n." Inttresrjed -iir.tb.usirw;s.s'.o'f> an'); 'Kiml;'"
•'":.!•. we^.ie'nd:,vearriiile: cop.lea,.-free VQn" re<jueit-» .and.!.
.-*.:the .paVe'c''usu*allVtina&'es friends* "for'iitself a^t.-
V.-flrlif •eleh.t:-"It'.-lsVi't -iiia'de to>* bevcretty ." buV
! *^a-"**6e'Ahijpiul^.a-n^'.lt«»*-.clreu!aWloni.-^.'25iwe0,
'■'./(fefiwert -ijf -:>t's:Ccri45s:*-Jn *.he world;)
f jt --Is-'hyirl/uL^-'Mil^iwe. have- >ij.Cif.7a<l ; lr.es4? •
'•£ft$gz!Afiy*f\i*j!?z i/yVori'd. :Cc;lumbJ>.-.VOh'16.;^ : <- :
:Ml'E«>i I i;ar^Ual":fR»'-&ej]V'Jpstbres."«g"ray:H4ir.v|mV-'
'V'-iiHovV?'-" Its-'ip row-Vh'. «oprfVaH"lhB,curfs;-'da"hdruff"
lV;:.-";leah'ses.«!W-^.*f;o5li«tTt^^^
«> ,)^pyntf,^u*jsMt^eff-St4*?^to^-ft.Cfr^l33jt Eqlk ;
iGRX'RC'ATES^f •N'evKvA-or^c.hbor/bf' aliSfWe :
••■'""Oit(*?p3t*ty".>" -ymrjdp ~««£r^-pjU*M**rf*««
.j vS-fbratihsf-' iflac'r'.iri'e-yfor*- rh^u"ma*.iEni».-gen-iri,ne.' >
; "i tub'? / .-hoY-'ari>S'<ol.d.'<'ra 1 e'r;:*tralfI»'d?nur*es..a9:
••.^a;Xer:aOTt.8»'P»:Qfyapd--Atrs:'-MQ^^
' NOTl'h dw^^Sea-p •jtfu^So^.giwd'jV'lti'l. 'tfioMo'. of •
•:''4he-'.ri-ariufacfUTers-:'. oi-.-the'v-Xraprd. mc.ta # ry. ;
V '5St>rida*rd'-'lhe*.-^ewlngr-hiaehln-e:off.tci-yay.fi.JV
-,;\V;.;fE'yA.NS.yageht..-;l'0^1:v:^ar^
'••min.ent}y:"-morphlne».-'-'Cfl'calrie'r«h?'blt^- '.
;• ;-s'd'4reBS--:;CentraU- '.Pha'nnacj'.: :_:-251 ,- are.; ■-,
■Jl 'CO*T^.-^*^ttCT>ytj'^JJf.eB .''rn'odtra'te «.*.'. ]■■':.- J}j. \ >& l :v.
"A-4pil^yd(i ; : "<tel:WV.>iiblBW?W^Vi^TO^^OT"
■■■•^■"V-Wii'jV^a'tiVb-tvIU^fi-^pa-^
% jhaVe'^Sn^ ftA 'fcX''^g''ff' f *<y^Hi.fe?'ft^ 'ffl-ffifei'
:V strfira«7: ftrst'VciaM ,Wf k';'$fO/^■Itrr-'lnAterlal-;
"■ 2Q -ujp ; *,aHvM ,: wf£SQ ?v;: ;^QvQjeaxy:- \
: : &Rl/ jt kE'SXKes'i^rtirfch trie 1 'ahd'ai'"'^-^^.-* d\s*'
: "• .'ease's 5*p6»l tfvely.^ure.d,' by ; JVillo w'iBark>-.Co:.~
! .%.>83g;yqlli';<t.-; .-con? U r.ta} ;oc-f«»Si.;^call..ef:w"rire.." :
■."toQ*C(5R-1iTHt«Ptn^i"3n^f'U*fif offnol-enirreJit*-;
' : -fi'iux»a^^.^'A.^e^<iiioi!F ! Cuf*;i^w.::-9!i3)?!i^t-.>-
■■■ t --.-*jet;J*aj;vroo [ m'igO.T:r*Kh*;fi* JSqu.th-.-T^tV.;.".*-'- '.iy '-",.'
: 'AT-"iciBi tria-n: ct>s"t, V.uhqali^^' for -stiitjii^vercoats'./*
:
>.?T.jrU6r- r7gKM.arkeft-;;f.T'. •' j ! r .; ).U*. '*'■■•.'»;?/-•"• ' j *V,^
;5Sl>G^p?^Si3y^^bw^air?5a^S5>v?fl^r5
■' -dayi.evi*s..V Teujptjig;" Ilall. ■.rllCvW'ard.-^t-;.- MKW-
~ .^ fit hi." Pra'f . ■-'j'f £^er:;..'s^
' > -A"ct-fqC'-r*?t^rJPs-lbs£.>ves'^IJtijMf% : S^^
iM£s-S'E&td.r£>e^
E t'lPlS-RRLUOUS.-' -hair.'-' ibples."- -pe'ridC-:"*? mof ed •'
M'V?*y.Vyl l^ t )H iy ?'* l v : - :M - l 'V .^ v ft,;Jp.h'n-t,on; .lr'tj-.-P-OSt:';
.if-peclai- $£*^M*ntsVti> 'br'-'f
>.;..;der^-Ko;on^'T4-;A;i^"40-EjJjii:;^
i*MASQUERA : b'fi'--*'p>tym"*>.:^
y/cgurr!ry;;or^ra'.:-C><.Lgg'TEI^*";^VCbV
iSU;i?EiVF.tlT«!t T S > haJf/&:.rn6reit"'.rernoy^d'^
r--* 'AriTp''-nefdj.e',- Dr,*.&; M riftjfraverse^; l-1..7<>>^k rk.e t. r .-
■rT A>UO R.-->i;A'ti{3 '-."sutt ■ $f : -50 :
r ''.. ■Mls.flfyCJfgthlnK-Pa^e^
•"AI;JFRE%UM^^EKOT.clai'n.'^Iehnk'.re«tore
«•; ,-halr r -.'t'a' ; l.t>-;hat'urar color-;' ;'.'.$1 J at 'al^diiigirliits'. i.!
•MIk|E!- 'D*^'^S/.Vclep\l'r|9 : .iMi'^s.t^sna'«asf)'6lQ,-^
* ■ ■ : ■p^ tf y^^'-•T o Pp*j.'^i^ .v. e ..^^y.'*lyX^ ; * a \ s "•.^ jfe]
ri! $] K?*A.KER'fiA-ri'rrV7icicat]»d at:, 242-'h : ]jitT WpiirS
': ;.-J..'to '■.'i'.gCa'l I >>-■:;" PhorjV;.Ja jhe»%-" : CrJw*es,-. ; 3'{, /■
''H'."->Jli: t B<!)MI? : ''FO.«Et;I^i^scIe'rrfJf^^
■••■•X':»y-ftr.--yt.*;;r ; e-ar^
'-''VAvkiiHA^c^Sq:^ 'i**!.<ji\ti>xV.* etcu;"
•ft^O^IS/papered!"''$l. %up'i "tinting. V o r.ainMnP.
r'* 'HarC'na-'.n Co°...^;0; T.hi'rd:-tel. -Maln°413.-
'•'»'• °* PATENTS 'W^gTEpC ■« .V. . : "'
WHAT haveoj-bu 'to dtfer in this, line for 'sale**
* J3ox**:*a. Cair'offlce. ° . cl "-.*•?'
»*BHYgiciAX» am) # sl*rc;eoxs. o ".
'•qR.'-'C. cVb'DONNELlA-Ofnce 'and-VeslJerVce.
-. TtKflVi Market sv." s *>jn: «th°and°7th: u«R-gcu-*
>riar attention paid to diseases of wonrn. .
BLOOD., skin* and reetal "diseases e specialty.
t>lj. .BAL*£. 1073*? yarl»et at- ..,•.
ItEMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb"" doctor.*
. trf-ats all idlAases of the human body; fof
. past four •yearif '•at 115-11* Mason;' rvow" lo-
* "cated at 6*JT G»-aiw st.. nfar L<«avenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. Ll" Po
Tal. herb doe'jof. cures ;ll diseases %f hyraan
°by use* 6f htrbs.HTxi teas. 727 Washington it,
DR. oM. MATSL'PA ,has returned °from Orient.
* Now at'SE.ocorner Geary and X a >"' 01 ; sts.'
WONO wJo. the famous herb doctor— All Sjls-
...ea&g cuHM by Chlnewo h^rbs. ■ 74B-O*CIay jt. *
0 . •„ ° PIJO1MISALS. ° * ?
•UNIVERSITY of California, Ber&cUy— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
• .Nctlce is hereby given that sealed B«s o are
"eoycited tiff performing th<r labor a»id fur-
nl&hlrtK the materials for the excavation and
foundation of the centraj pcwer*>,ouse one th*
* grounds cf the University of "California at
Bcrkeley.'Cal- acd said bids will be received
% at .the office of the Regents. .South Hall,
° Uerkfley. afc«or before<>12 o'clock M. ot Feb-
' ruary 3, 1DO4. Plans anyl speclflcatl»as for
>**.«ald excavation and ftmndatlons hav^ been
"idoctfd and may be examined "dejly af office
• -.oftne. Regents from » p, m. until T pfm.
■ > No bids will be conFldered unless oaccompn,'
. * nied* b'y a? certiflgd check or bond of bidder, "
■■jlt\" favor of.th# Regenfo of the Unlversitjb'of*
•: California, ccuiafe<o ten (10) jjer cent of his*
I bU with sufficient sureties, condiflloned that
/ ll*;aid bid* be accepleM.Hhe Wdder will duly
enter . Into .a proper corftract to 'faithfully
. perform the dut/" arj* obligations in accord-
ance with, said b!d>.and with the plans and'
specification* which are hereby required to ba
" a* part of "isuch contract. Tha right tb reject
■any and all bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
,d/r'.ot thrf committee on grounds •asd build-"
'ings or the Board of Regents. V. H.,HIS*V-
•DER^ON. <AcUng Secretary. °
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Quarter-
. roaster's Property. 0 Office of Depot Quarter-
• maf.'rr, ."50 N«r Montgomery et., San Fran
"Klsco. CiA.. January 12, 11KU.— Sealed nrol
*iPO6als,*in triplicate, for the purchase 0^175
•Khaki-covered Cork Helmets and 13 203 Are-
• .tic Overshoes tone buckle) will be received In"
th:s° office until 10 o'clock a. m., Fetftuary ••
• iVH. and then opened? The Government re-
. nerves the right to reject any or all proposals
Envelopes containing- proposals should be
indor.n-d "Prcpoeals for purchase ot Quar-
.terif.auer's property," and addressed to the
• o Depot Quarter roaster, U. S. Army, San Fran-
cisco, CaL # Further particulars furnished on
, application. . 0 . o
BIDS will be received t "I February 15. 1W4
for \he drilling of an 01; well within 5 miles
1 ot Evanston, Wyo.; plenty of water near by
. coal can be put at the : ell at from $3 to $3 50
pei'ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must* prosecute the work diligently day
»rd eight until -completed. -Bidders .will
make separate r*ds at so much per foot to
sink 1000 feet. 1500 fe*t and '2000 feet deep-
the size of thr* hole to be not less "han •>*.*'
Inches at the bottom on completion. The
right «s reserved, to reject any and all bids
ir the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the unders!rr>ed ur
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. WyAninz
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. 631 Market st-
t). S. EN'GINEEK* Office, Flood Building, <*an
Francisco. Cal., Jan. 28. J.004.— Sealed pro-
- pbgals for dredging In San Pajrto Bay. Cal..
will be received here until 12, noon* March*i.
1904. Information on application. . .
W. H. HEUER. Lieut. Col. Engineers.
u t . • - , .. •
re.ai*. estat^mtv—for . sale.'
■" • * . '..«.- a'ucttonT^^^ *..« • • ...
•.*•*.•• *.***, AUCTION. • . ■' •""..••••..
•. -v .' .- ACCTJON* ," ,"'-•• *'•
EASiTON. -EKDRIDGE. & CO..* . * ' ." .-. •
.;• T'* . -. ' V '"• " t>3S MARKET. ST.t
TUESDAY/. Pebruary 9, .1904,, at » 12 -o'cloi.H,
"V • % -"Soon,, "at 'our salesmen!. ' . • * •;
' ••••*!"• **&IXTHiST,"JNVESTMENt.. "« •*.•'..
•n'o?,' 425-27--.«t*t st...E! line." -325 ft.* S'.l'ol-
HarriioH ft:.:- 5Oxs5 (t.*, irnprovements tons|5>t
yt 2 subsja-ntlar-2-story- fratfi*!; bjilli'lnK^;.. ion-'
•'(.ainlnV-'tpoms. antl bath eath/. . • . • j*.V; •
"• .'• PACIFIC -HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.' "••,
v No. 242i'. s Buf*hanari".st., N - . T>f ' Washington;''.
?t.*;*lot 25:*JxSty ft.: .modern house*of.7 rqpms;
an'd ■ ncrrelalfl bath;, all new plumbUiR;*..8-foot »
.basement;. "brick* foundation-, *Vy* for- irispec-.
.tlon at"" grocery "Buchanan, and Jackson* sts.- •-•'-. '
:• - : " . NATOMA-ST:*I-VyESTMENT. ,*•' *.v >••
• No.' «23 Natdma «t.. S. .Ifne. 275 ft: W.. .of-.;
'7th. et.; Itft: 23x75 ••ft i ; improvement*, ,8-room'
.hooje. * •. •"* •. •. '* * *• « ..-
'.-Aj-HBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENJCE.. .. *
."J-NE. cor. of.S^uttt- Brpdertck and I4th'.8ts.;..
'lot-.2"i:3x'>'j:3-ft.'; 'So. 90;'.'a' very handsome 7 •
.rm, .6ay}wlndc»w. reflVdencc; .new plumbing.- por- .
■'cela'ln ■ bb -t til - -<.'te. h* sun- jn . every -.room;' a 'ue-
Hrhtful- neighborhood and- a beautiful vjew';'.
cgricrifte Sidewalk.- "bitumlrtlzed street. .•'•'•
-.-: : ■■•■•/•b.i;chanAn-st. corner. •. • ■**
■'•'•■ S\y-: cor', .of • Buchanan and •Lomb'ard' sts. ;. "lot
30x.l'10-»ff.;.'s, most desirable^ site for 'stpre.."and-
: '•• "LEAVER" WORTjfl-Sr.*. -iNVESTMENTl' :'>'
. .jN6'.-. : .ll43';.Lpat*nW0Tth St.. Wt- Jine;-. 100-ft."
S.* o.f SacraiKPnto'-»'t.r-lmpri>veraent» consist.- of '•
•a *ub8{antla>'.-l«-rfn:*. house ; s thU r>ortlcn E.'"o-f
Van 1 Nfis-.u-vV-- js ' • l*ej?on«lngT .the "Venter, of.' Ijh'e .
Apart-rij^nt miuse-.sctlstrict -and--Brriali- holdings, of '
<hf». h 1 -}til.ri;.;,V5ilV,.clo.uDle-ln vu'lue^ wlthiri a. Short-
■period. '.. -.•■•:■ ''"' ':;•";■■'-■;.,'.■"•"" : .•>. ' *-'"'■■:'.'■■
■ ■ ■•'•::. MISSION ..BUILDING 1 - LOTS'." " •• : ..".'- .='
*•. W.- -llrlb • i>f.>;a4r"! OaKs^st:.. -lOo.f t.' -^t >o'f : 2fth
rl,l lat-.*>OxM*<;'i>Vil.l >Ue said .either' as-'.a-. wh.gl^ .
:o'r .;lh*. 25-fout- *16t?r-"-.'.; .-■.-' -.'•• ». :*•' "• .'• •••»•• '.'■■'•' /'.«
•"•.•••.•:■ X"t'Ii.KMj;.\TI.N*A-ST."".FLATS.V"": .'.'-'.""
'." B,'.'|in».- : J^0i;'.' 7:ili-:7il'Vj "Clemehtma' *st3. 2Wf
-*ft...W;- pf : StA' JJtc;*I5xfc5 tl:i '4- beautlfjul- Ilitle- N
flatf. .S,'«n'd'-*' : * ; ms; each; ' permanently'.; rented-.'.
" to • nr't-clii': s'.»'.narVt»i at.-$41 per .m.ont'h. V .' . .' ""'■
-, • McAi.LISTi:K'-*!T". » APARTMENT SITE<*V"
S-. llnet-T -McAlllsfrff Bt..!:!.'! ft'r"'E.- ot Ste.lner":
et:;. extrefnel*.--'laij;e"16t, 00xS7':i> -ft. ; this" i>or-.-
lion of ls».a; particularly .deslr-.i
able site fhr .KP'-.a-partment house; gu6«l •pa'\;lng'.
tenant under, j»eci*rf'd flense xuurantee^' to the'
purcharer. • • '.'"*■• '* . '"'■ '.-: '.' '.-••«• '.- - .. . •'; • ' • •;' •.
• clemi-:ntin1a:-st; :Bits-i>:e>s.. property.
••' N/ llne'-cf-.'-'Jemen-tlria'. ft., :Vi> ft.^E.1 jjf^Jth'-
••st;-.- 1 -Sos: .:-4p\-4.t)i'y-i"; : : lmp*ovenj«tit8. cpnslKt *6f-
'a*Btor«?. r"errte.r.l^or.''jirocery. a.rid».b.ar. x"Oktt;Tfi',
•C- Tiri-jA' antf. bath -.on-^24 .;a*)4. ,3d: -floors'; rent;,
:-$7»-.5*i»Fer: moiith;,.-.'^ •"''•.'./.' ••• \,.'-i..y'''~*::-::'- '.
.*•' For 'fur'tTVef .■•ra'r"! lV'ufa'r^. a nv\y. .-!" ••."'■ % '. '"..•■••.•' *' V>
-::.?••; l'-z;\ .••KAS'l'.Ox? KLl)klL)G-E.'.4:C<5.."." '<■'■•'■
'■• 'vX;>':;^-v;^^;';.-.;rr'.''>^ .MARKET ST:-^^
• *ftv!'ij"Gi*N>C/^>.-:.^.i"'-*.-3£ (fr* ; ?**
• ■: vi ■'-•. ;V..::. '• :«'Mq-t?AinW>R.N T .hV "STREET,
'.■: :' : V-. '.^ -.(•c a .vrrife'!i:.Jt-nion vBuirdlng;.')..* s ..-: ■:••;•'*. .- "
V-t t8jS*— "U-iilori":'.' "»uhn>- '. Mae** of •' «treet, > hear
-.•.•- ■'Brc"derJ.ck''j';*25xl : 0'J;-...fln»v-: m?fin.e. yieW:'. 1
?,'■: U ■•r,ta'dy'-rfjbr'.:b'ul. ; ld1rig;<.'ipa^y'. pAimeht*':- -$2o- :
:*2V ' :a- ; mornvh: ■ flrst'^ayrnent, "$*»,: -veo-- clTeari'
;;^.^ ii-. TQr>r i weJV"*J4<;at*ih.-.i*:fr«- pass'.. •*,- .'• <: '"v,-.;.- '**f
■''i2;ioi^Wlte : rf\eiAy9rn?f;"£aTsV.<>!y J_*"nlcii :■ -25-'
■■.•■• ' i'xtti'i )••;','" v.('-V-y'.V'ch'eap-;- th?"'; pppujplCe>';c6rhe1-
,>.*-..*. .>just',>o'i;d-f : oiC":JS24;5o.-i> :•. .» ••"•'• Y 4 ;^":.*'^'''.
'$<5.'5drt¥i;I-'ajf.kln'3 I f.'4 i *i"'('at.'"-' 7Vroo.*fn*;>ach-- ;• I'-;
V j'..*^"i^.Br:«j.di>r(Vk>s.ft. corrjer"; ."i-.Tl.ats;" •niyr'.-^-:' • .
' $i'0; ■X'04^^VwUater*-^ 1 \-;Vo-rner;-''l<Kixl ll)",-.'". f^ ". •' '•■ :•"
,'•■• .f'^'y?6rth'.doubie;;;tb:e-:ji.rice. ■.:'«-;V'.'?.V'V'-'./... ::v:
•Jiu; i,kK)-^Pafl"rj,V. Heights:' .2. grand -.corners f-^Sx-
;■••/■ •■'• •'.'•*l'3'?':«J : C.".-.-Ea,Baraini.t' rrrar-rrie'-.iV'e.w'iV the'.
■'. "•••.: •■"■■ . «?h6Icest AxtUr-i-or'-- vie w"..-Jri':t he -.cl tyA . : '■■'. ■".>.:
l V$20Vj;Tro"nt..'.f'o*o't^Paci.a<v; Height*; .ja'jmagnffp,
t: ■■:• . ; >cen* .'Moj.- Slew;'"
: ' -vv •;;•-• •<}"<:*'
?>$*>S ; b]Qi^KK:;r--rSC i <;liea-p.-:;;-^:':' *.,>:•'■•;. ?ir
:. i&iW'^N-:'' fa kt-.K SVf-.v. >X : '\y v^-orne'r/".'.'13?-i8Si37 :«i-
■^■^■■^tX^iniy^pr- av!,ir|l.<l>r,' S;^--^^.^:. ■%
'■:|3,.7.y^j-;i^ir;«^itr>tv':>ji'hny_/e.ld^t'.avflne.' p.Teee,-.tp>
:»":-"'"''--.'i:'.'irriprA\rl;»:i«h~>«tore5.-,ind..'''fl
■•■.- ■i-"--?/ic(rtnf i; ' : Jsx,l 'lt« ■,'.•.<■.»•':>-. :.;f"h'ea'p; •• bes't'-pVrt'.«of '-■
: •:■...'■,•"•• .;..;tH.-yytn>'t4 ; ' -•"•.•:".'■••.':■:■ : :"-y' : - '. ■y-Ti.
■\V.-.vr.' ■GtNN/ •:*'; ''y^r : ?:;':-\ ; i\r':-. \ '.:'£'■■■■* '7 ", ':b
".--•/ .. '>J£ " j53 1 o; ; .-"f^ij^p.Ni*A.;sV:-
•.•.I..O'r.S, .;•■:"%■ /or S;.srde.vof..'Goid'^.n- 1 .Gate-'"Pajk*:-'pur'-:'.
K.yjitm£g'yig$jr$ 3;; •6y / XNi:.*s ! 3o ■ca'fi.fpVia'.st." */
*''':'±h :! k : v^- :•• .n E\vi,;F.i t AV^:(-iv:?f V:; : ' -•£
:«.^$SJj5ftj i brJ n gv *.$. f!<>: per, j-ea'r . Jand..' rented •.•v.f"fy l
■irfvejip ;"• c'rtii.l<l-'*be .;im'-'r.e.'as.ed.; .vail ''.'..la'rge'.' :..s\uii\y-
■.:i^ms;ah'^'KU'e.ll;-n^qh'^rho6Vl*,'fK-vi-jJ"*^ay "ytSMf;
. tgiVriwstrCTt*e'..th'tS' : ';befOTe«Vou .buy!'" See ;ix$jxft
ph^rrenjIf-'eVVtoAla^v.'. 137:; ';"Mas6'ni'i-'-'ayie..-"'- : be'tii
,y ■H*."*', a.nd^T^e?ppj.clg ''& i «.'/' ■■:.■-.. ; y = jf J . ! ' ' : -'■ : *-.'"* ■• ■•'■'.
■■; Jn^;^Sarv>Kranrj!»crv..." r>*-roort'sVv."btfth"-lXj>ar!jr.yt"
■ : stiup'MW..'7riWhtubfc:-»*tt^
'.'. "•• ,v;ork'.."drine.f ;i V''.t''rroij'9nd:-,*team" : Va'fr "-ji"t' ' the"''
.;'.<lQp.f.'tn;.aii-.-i W r'ti«.'6i''tli'e >•»>-' "and'cempteViesi
,- .Cc-'' •T.lll^TijE.roN.':- 272 ->ifow» rKtT^Orean.
■--r-yiew^:. ;^-:.:-^X;;\ /j- ■. : : *:*j 'fyy..iy.-,si
•FQR y "f?A'L3B v ;CHEA.R t ■ -..i.';. .'-.-,'.•: ;••••:■ .^v
•*',:.■">>.«•, .-Cotta<e w ".-^Ith' 'All'.modPril'IrJ'pfnve".'"
'? .-BAenCtt •'tefmsV nsk.me:" ag'.Ten't.'" 'rA'p.W&vowhVr' ;
.;.VcarnV;s'ts:._Vi';-y ;J'.- \s?~j?}y. '■'■' '^iV'TiC' I g"'
: qAL;.i^QR.Ni'A^".Hous#;\\irecking: CoV:;p»y.s". ih» : '
V hlgheg^^pcite-.fpr.-.b.ulWlngsJ.-an'j: wll>-. wj-leckf. 5
"■^'rth^Jargest' •'buiro'.lrig'"'''comRieteiy".;».-)triln-'-lp'
:.-. i'daxs.!- .;Northnre*r corneV.:«MjJsl.b>;and"'Tenth 1 :;
■..-■.•tg- i .?.pi;flce.'"-»nd'" > .-rard^Tr> '*,'.;."-:..-"'" .•i''4"-.V'v':V-' "-. : •
•S' :cfrB^!ots'pa'.«|hVaVe *jnd' 2,-jot? o'ri' 8tn*» ve ''
• ■.."•■•r>or'fh:6* i "rVark'>neaf.-.B.»C':.nr>i«l^".!!'ord:;VAp-V
'-.-•■ W*Xi:Q'&Gay.&tf.y2tiB.:l$rii^lfyav£ ?.■
\"TW^ST6lffY-.*^o.r{s'e^l({.'foomr.'8iid' b>Xh;*"2 v ckr ; '
•.'l.lS-nesV.'.'irf'and ;-m}»ri'ne'-vle'w:-'. : 'n'ear ■.Cliff." Hiduiie.^
; iU l_tt . Fo.rjty : n f th -ja ve'4 r-'i: ■'^'■/. ■'■■', :•■"•'•.■ ""- S-'i V"
• ; BU.P"Kp^^61i:.'yo^. r VnlTOp"fpvea.' ? xeatty.\*?we' loan".
\ •'XullJco'iBt'li'opr-oy.v/ind ■4>aet.*rot'ra*>.-*tet»er*re'nt*«
"•;■ .•M.-*>y.H*^f?^A>VJ^OAN.jCq:,"<>oeke.r^pu*,ldlng:-..
yt&-~&:T&>intSti.&l:a\Jb^ttm2.' r G&l&6n\'A-tij2-i,
.•.. < BACH-&--M:aYJ:R. Plumbe-rg..-S3'6 inj.ward.stC.
: 1M> A fc ESl^'VTE^-^iiyun tr.y-^-For .S>lr%
.'KOR.^aJe'-jhf t: exchanKe for 'gbbd'cUy lr»ome
•" beafjni prorterty, 12s a<?re», "near Santa Crfi*;*
"■•."V-rborn.rpod.ern eottaTe«» hot find ctfld* water;'
. "all .•vyej! furtiUhed;. 40.* acresi vlneyafd; 20
o "ai-res t'rtil»; .*(50O apple .trees? .300 chenies?"
*.2OO pftines;'-aiFO pear. trees; wlrg». tanks hoIJi
,. Uig.SOOO gallons; all coft^crage- .Iprse'barn*
.'' packi^flc-houses; bl;»-k»mlth o»nop." equipped
wltlj too.In: 2-room houFc. for "Jglned jnaq;
• quarters for otner help; 7 rnofs aclvs
ready for* setUng moVeajTrape* .severs*! cords
"".woo*! cut; dryers;, incubatSrs;^ horses; wax*
.* ons; carriage;" 2 pljra; 0 sheep; fersey cow;
. 40 chfekens: farming implements: plenty
, 'tfll kmd/ packing boxes; flowers of all kind*;
J fountain with •goldfish; balance of lanfl In
° .tltnbert* runtfing creek passes house; water
p:pec>;al| over place; o ln case of trade will
• j&av • difference In wish: price $12,000; %n
. Jde'al home. CAMERON & CO..*3 Eddy st.
*40c>ACRES level sediment land: unequaled for
o berries, potato?* and alfalfa growing; $45
c< per afre; *>i cmt>h; all water Vanted; $1 per
'acre per year. • •• • .
•* * Call or write for full particulars. •
0 . „ -o MARION GRIFFIN.
. • Room 40*1, «Examliy r.bldjr.. $an Francisco.
FOR sale — Ran^b of "4 houieQsnd
partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
"tlon Aptos, Santa Qrui County. Cal.; price
$r.000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ular* address PostraAter.* Moss, Cal. -
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. °
$200 profit per anniftn per acre.
Wrfte»for booklet* It's free. 603 J st. ,. •
WRIGHT A KIMnntyUGH. Sacraro/nto, Cat
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M.' WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market nt.° o
*~*^ l! *C^?B^urnLANDT VV ~oT^ S^~~»
1 the* sole ownrr of 133 «aeres In the fa-
° mou* Vuelta Abaja District of Province of
Pinar del Rio. the great tobacco center of
Cuba; •title guaranteed; I wish to sell 60
acres In whole or part? Immediately, before.
.* returning to Cuba; will plant and handle for
• purchaser: 1 represent no real estate firm,
no • colony scheme.o no stock company; a
* first-class Investment; no circulars; . refer-
ences given. For particulars see or address
. K. II. REQ.UA. 1417 Went ft.. Oakland. Cal.
SAH MATEO, "ft-BAI. ESTATE. '~
MATEO" house of 8 rooms and bati; lot
lOOxlSO. with barn and chicken house; ♦C0OO; o
$1000 down and balance $C2 50 per month;
on car line. P. ' COFFIN. 3303 Mission at.
POINT RICHMO'VD REAL ESTATE.
*4 LOTS cheap for cash.. 32S Bush st.. room
4. third floo*-. * . ■ .
WATER front ftts and bargains; all tracts!
map*, photos; etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS." °
C^NT^RAirTAClTFuTlL*^^
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS „-
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provifc'.on of Article Eight of the mortc»«s
° ; from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of N«w York. Trustee, dated August 1
1M*9. this Company has set apart out of tte
net income, derived by It rrcm the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five" thousand dollars In trust to !>• used
t« redeem said. bonds, and U*vt bonds ''issued
-under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
: render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders. ■ to : the ■ amount requisite to ex-
; haust said num. Such bids should be pre-
sented > to this* Company at Its office. 120
Broadway.in the. City of ■ New York. ■ on or
■" before ,' the 1st day of February, >. 1904 at
.twelve o'clock noon, and should be indorsed
. "Bid* for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds.'V
CENTRAL* PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
: By ,E. H. HARRIMAN, President. r
',» - New . York, ■ January ; 2. . 1D04. . : . ..->-, O.
r 3 Thru ■« ML^XM't.). » mwyt."-* i-ffr-uAJ^X?! 1 * * --£*w iVG>£ U*^£?'*e*™i0B*ib**
•REAli-1 EST.VTE-^CITYr-^FOR'* SALE.
BALDWIN' '& yOWELL-.*'- • '■"•• " '-XgE-XTS,*
.. .".. . t - % * . 25 "POST* ST. • . •.* .■'-/; I"
«li25O^Rents- $92 !j6 per' montKV new" bts'tldlnK: :
i>»'*; cbntalnlnx "4 flats of. 4 ft-nd 0 rooms and«
•;•'' ••''.bath *.t?a-eh;< lot. -:«ixO<J;, li.COOO. mprtgase
-^ •• .* at" § per o -cent»cti.n*'..'*« narn ' Gn.errero St.-
• $ : l,C0<VrR*ents". 'f'li'.'per.'- month;- .4. separate flats.
• V •••;."• of-. 4'. room*, io/Thlrd st. ■and
■*. t t *;'s<Jutherri..l'kciac- depot;." lot". has. 'double;
■'** :Ht.- t K? at 4ti*/.-J "•'.'*.■.'••■"''. ■■■"' : ' : . : "'- ?/- 1 -V"-r v "*.^*i'
< &'.
. • ; • "reaix'-stf eeX:. .vicinity : Of . California and
• '(.' •.•.•*.S.toctftpn-*.sts^ •|iyjieV: ; : -wl.U '.ej-chanKe .for.
••» ;'i». tOttericHjt.»p«pertS'."!' • s; j,' :** .■; * V ■.„'•£
'■ ., utes-.-walk-fipm* /ilarke.t ,«t.;' present
?•■;■•.. ..'.YentJ'I.-wKh-' oldt Tmprdvements.VlllT^SO.
i '.V j'per'jpon.th';* splendid, 'buy. ■".'._ *■■•;■.'".--. ••,
.' $O,*HX>- Washington rt..' hea'r 'Ketfrny;. ousiiiiss":
' "••' property ;r.2-»'tory.« brick fDUlbllng," store
;■*•'."•.. : ..atid .jrobms • ' alj^e;, : ; rents "5.67. W>-'Pe*-
..*». \. ••mCntK)-.^. .'■',•.' ;•.':.•"'..•' .".." 5 "«. **• J , . '.''■ '-"■•• :
$12',O0Oil6ak-st'.;-neaf>eritran*:eC*tb Golden; .Gate.
• ' ' •" .. ' •'■ Park-; "lot - 2J}Jti2* : 6;.'.new-- oull.dlng- . pf 3
"■• . '* »ep'artfte .flats'- of .0.- ",7- and -7 rooms .anrt-
•'-.;. :^bath.'eacli'7rents'*105 j peTi month: y. . ,..
: - $5-;000 r V2->tofy > -*houVe-.- of -'.T,' . rooms ■ and, ..ba : th •«
'. '". ', :Wjebst-er* st.r rreaa Washington ; excellent
-.- •••.'•••■■ 7|0 -? a '''? n rii ; 'i- 4 '-' : '*" : i "•%• '■'■[? -"VVi"" ■*• ■.'.'•'
,' ''t 7-,B(^'Pow*ell ••*st: ; ' •4px7O:':.r"?"its" > jf75' fiJeri
r_ -. \ ; . 4 morttlT;;fra'ni^ buf^.hg;-'.(wparate. flatsir .
;*i*lsof^Ren^s-V$ios'^''pVr:~ i ,^
.-.'• •-••4Sxl;J7jB.} .i>ric*k\ ' and • .frame; jBullUiriB-;.
":'T. •• '.. sto"re?-v:andUroom"i 1 ' .above-,;iin<ler :.lea»,ev
' ; : '- ■■■;: -. yicln-lty^of ■•'•Ki'iVi'iy.'.-aiijl.- . : Eac3flcV*tsi'-;r-;»-
-.il 1.750^ Rents j'TC per jnohtn'^ :"' tpt"2*Jxl<6'. to
■.. *•*•.•,.•.'; ft»r nfert.;'.-Fojsorh«'str; 'near Sixth;* bust- •
..■.*<■>•■ :.-*hei'g 'property./- ' v ;'-\ • ■.'..." t .-*'- ; '*;,...' """X'/ V
!;.':eii"EA"pHg'i i "and c&icte&ffiixfe?}?''
V:..v .•.•■..■:%••..,■■ Vb'im ldiS-g- -i^ts ': V .•.■..".•.-:..•?".>•,
■■..■J.-fOn "otnrlal .craves *Jb! Sunset .piifrlct..;..-.
.'*. •...;1: .8E\VEREtX-ANP'.MACADA-MIZEp..: i . -'...'
•...*. J.-;T..": J!.petweerr»H ; alid'..I •stfe.e'tj . : .".." : ..•■■..-'•;-.
'-. . .:;-. : Jn"--blocks : '(rbntlrig.'Golderi' 1 Uate,. Park,-. ;r»-
ELECTRIC.CARS«PA«S.t.HKSE?ROKEKTIE.-<.
?:*.• ~\ ,; .•; .Sold- on* jfour own. •" terms. And .->.. »■;•"•';.;
..■ r -:. : vCin'.-.-.?:.r"Mohthlj-"-Ini»taHrnents % "'.>".-. .•.;•«" V.>'.
-.. j-",..>'.'"jJ*i";.f»PyMSs J??2'i('-arid. up'w'ird-.v- •»* **•»■/*"•;
..Set" 'tneye-'-Uulldfriir -.■LtVsf'a*)'* Judge -.for.Vv'iur.^e-it.
••&;;. ?BA*iiEfc*A*j.N .;^-'Hu^V"F:i"rJi.-.-2J.'-.,i'';ov^ B.t:v ; *:";;
.../Hrane.h'.prn.ce.r corner:?lj.:st,."imt: T.tli : ave^.
'■•?., '...ii^rCfiX: tygay', Inpfudlng'-ySunday? .-.; ly-"
C'jtionJ *coal'}arid^as^stuvey?. *-J41v GCTnjl'.'i<t:vV..;
"Jhi£i -B'E^^llliE.Y ;*^O.pM"S.^T^' li&tXJr*.',
r*U'K-i;Y«.K'<"ifv/^o;uaKe'.Xhr"t2^
; J'.withVispr.jfw/tJjput • Iia.tfspljp-J :p;ri>:.Uegr^..-
■■•v>:hrckVn.-.>b:uf'e,J-;":*}!^'li > r.r:/ ; fX- Obr^llWcper;:
•":.'•■ 8*uita'bi;e".';f<S. i seji*l .*!«i?H '.•"io* 1 *? :'V :^l* 1 !?*c*J* •
*-' " : icars- 'to'-'t-lieiVirhi 'ert-v.V,-/'na rii'-z ?fo 'pia keZiiinH).;
V-.-.'v ".•'■:.-. .-.-'■ .■v".;-..-'"^R:'"iBIi*.HOP l :'i-',-i', '^ ' f ■";... ■■■"J'-
;- • '.'.:■■■■%£■. '■ Z- "&.■$■'!&-<■''&& : ' '£■ ■•?■■ - &?■%£■ '^
ft^ 1 ;,-: t^.{'>S?!&W&{'Ca\:.y/ yy'^'-^'-'v:^
VA.nEL'I-N'"E/;< j f "^Su'^
I*'^He^^jilslt!>Vh>y,''7-;>\'.hh'':'''5r ; tw'ftholit;'^^!
•*2"-FlN,EV*iunn>C» front ••■"?■& nisji- wltli f-'*aqafd';.'/-t.8'.
' •^re.nt'.a.t'-.fAes^Wb-'TerASt-.'. -■OakTand-.^- v. *.,■- '*
.'KKON'T-^mi -ibtlcV. fifhcil.ro^jh^'AniKi>a^m'eiiii*
:-■ .:12Ttf ■•B.riaidy'a'y-."jCftik'liifi'<y.,t.- V-t^jy;. >'■-■-." .V \;
'p^KL^vsr'T^^^^* 1
' TO'MomhoW* She..'dV^'Vor/i>ar"gailns.-ln>'f4irnl;:
7>;t'uj:eV.dL;Srhyi'lha*a^l4th.Vt/:'cof.^ti3re.f>altran'^
. " ;•' In^o^i^-VXTK j, iojpsTfgk eje . pi.\ p£j±' :
••• X'ii'W H t -Tne 'ma I n : I ti'cp Id;; : rp.o.ma; ,'w HrtV ' : j-pu ".can> -.
-i*«gef. <i:*aiOT.Vir."a'rtm'ints-..at-the.'Kn'tc.kerljia?k*r=
; A"par.t'tn»n^lY340.. v Pl-n^.8^^>;^V^
■'po'*f>*armai)d>-^iThv^.'605 "Post: .hpuVelipg'-'T;"!!.*:^";
"K^517Y^O.'Wp4^^ritWtjV^ed;of;*"firiei >- furn'sjiedi
- ?e5j 80r{e.%r.i5i.ne'' f :>:j»biiWkeepIr(^!rrlvllegPSJ'*
•-;^»j^^y^^i\^^f? a <>^ i f'^''-r-y'\-t' i ' i '■ '
•'GoLDEN«tl-ATE. »h'J>-'Fr\jn't suffe- a"n\l'k;ftcnen ;
• ;.algo - >lrfgJeVand < 'JcUcri"e*;.-|*:.f.u. ;* ■/.*■ •*..'• r .", .*•
J.\CK£ON." 15J1A — Larsre.front and" btfck "pin-, j
*^iov,* furrftshed 'compfSte :for* houfeke^pitig; I
• \also ".BlnKle room": suftable^for .2 •Ketltlem;rn..;'j
.LARKIN, "HlbB — "".or J "U"rce sunny furnished
rqpmi> with regular "kitchen; phone and batl"^
OA'p, 094, fcorner Scptt — Two newly funifshed.
• sunny rooma # light hoi^pekeeplnj!^ fto'children.
OC/AVIA,, fzw». cvr * — Housekeeping,
aul^celegantly furnished ; gas and coal range.
SOUTH "PARK, lOttw-l large sunny rocin. co'in-
pletely furnisher^ for houHekeepinc or 2 me?..
TAYLOR, 911— Single firfrftuhed housekeeping
room; gas range; folding bed; $7. . •
THE VIRGINIA. J.005 Powell— Unfun:"i«ied
bay-window fsuitf marine view; also house-
keeping rocms; *gas range; styiny; bath.
*MIIRD, '.iCS— Fine double parlors: g&s "stove.
. crate, bay window and bath; I IT. with gas;
adults only. m * * o
A BRANCH office of The Call for .he reception
of advertlsemlnts and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine St..
e*ast o* Van Ness ave.: 5 and « rooms each.
, with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
• trie IlKhts. cas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
' with exceptional beauty and taste and are
'now offered for rent unfurnlsaed: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
th<k building, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKEB tt LENT. 14
Post st. ■_ *
1 MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new mod-
ern apartments: all rannr corner suites; "fur-
nished or unfurnished marine view: phone Pr.
Exch. 443. LTON & HOAO, 116 Montgomery.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Jv&t
completed: sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
0 elegantly furnlsJRfd; electric, lights; private
bath.-.; $40 up: refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ne*£— The
acme of perfection in elegantly turn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, w* ranges; (30 to $53. ,
ST. LOUIS. oJ575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; Atirnlshed or unfurnished;
marine rfi/lew; now open: references. 9
■ ■ :- HADDON HALL.
. «»J51 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. ,.
APABTMEgTS WANTED.
.■» WANT a 3-room furnished apartment, all
complete for housekeeping In an apartment-
» house. Box 05». Call office.
ROOMS TO }^^~^^J^X r^j!^iJ^ r ! l: J''^'- J ,
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture;- every room outside:
modfrn and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this Is the only up-tc-date house In
this vicinity; nrst-claes grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK Hou«e, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
23c to $1 per night. M 25 to 15 per we. a and
light housekeeping rooms: open all nlnht-
AT "Th* Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c, 60c. $1. $1 60, night;
$1 SO to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; aly> unfurnished.
CLAY, 1121), near Leavenworth— Large alcove
room; large . closet: gas range.
CLIFFORD 2O4 Ellis, corner Maeon — Elegantly
' furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DE NORMANDY, THE. 605, Post st.— Neatly
f urn. rooms, $2-$3 60 wlc; rnn.' water; phone.
ELLIS, 523 — Front ' bay-window room; newly
■furnished: .telephone; gentlemen; walking
"distance. \ ';ti*5S|^!
I noo'ilS TO LET— Fnra. and Unf am.
FOLSOM. S34 — Sunny furnished room, with
" closet .'and bath. ' --■- -:"
lliW. corner Eighth— Seven-room Bat;
, part .of rooms rented; rent. $18.
■FOURTEENTH. 121— FurnUhed rooms; front
parloj 1 . bay-yrtndow.;- piano; bath; reasonable.
FRANKLIN ' 502— Large, sunny front room;
.'■ ri?at and comfortable: ' running water. -gas;
- rrenCfSuQl ' •' .• ." • '• - : _
: FREDERICK;. Fine furnished rooms; als«
'housekeeping! If ■ desired. __^
GRAND Sotjihern. 7th and Mission— 'Hooms 33c
'•* .tc'$l 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD; 761*4— Nicely furnished bay-win-
.Jdo\r and others, double .and single; moderate.
LAGf,NA. 1507. corner Geary— Elegantly fur-
-jj ■ nlshed rooms;'- sunny;- new' flat; new rural-
■\ ture; private family: reasonable.
MANIIEIM, CS2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
o ' strictly, first class; transient.
"LARKIN.lv/J9 —'Nicely furnished sunny
;' v v rooms; running water, bath and phone.
MARKET: 1032— Nice, .sunny front rooms; also
"•• .housekeeping rocms;. reasonable.
■MISSION." 837A— Fire single rooms, with run-
.nln.g water, closet: $1 50 per week and up.
NATOMA^.102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
. $t /an.d'all 60 per week. • j
• NINTH. -.2-UP-Furnished. corner bay-window
'■•Uroom.. for* light housekee.ylng-; reasonable.
P^ARL.'32. .nt>ar Thlrteenth^Sunny front room
■PINE;- 1044— Sunriy. front room for gentleman;
•.•private family ; centra' location.
'RDY-Vl Hou>e. 12« Ellis— Incandescent light*,
'•'.reaiilng-room. smoklng-rooin and ladles' par-
•"•"lcr:- roprns per night. 35c to $1 60; weekj |3
.••.'.-.to i$8': 'mopth-.'fS-to $30: elevator on ground
•.' '. floor';- rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SE.VF:is*T.H.. -191-rHouse.keeplng. also furnished
r ; -.'rficn's." ". ' -. •' .' ye ■ ■'- • ■ ' ■■■'.' .' ■ '
SiXTIi.' '.?;o«U-ElekaritIy : f urhlshed front room ;
'•'•'suitable, fof-orie^or. two gentlemen.. ■' •
STl- ■ JAiaEsT~McAlllil.er^ and. Laguna— A sunny
:/. furrij»h>d.«lngj> : '.rocm:..rent $7. . .-■.' .
.'S.i *TT Eli, y-9tii— Crystal-.' Ilouse;— Elegar.t rooms ;
:* "-boan.u",' itywrSnteil; 'reasonable; respectable.
-. ; f:ilE'.--f:r>'lN'Bl'Rrtit- 2i» Pdweil. cor. Geary—
%J. SbrirWsu'Itesj.qf'.ro'inii-. suitable for offices. .
;^-^;/ :^feSirig^.'fpoms';*- \;V ';'■•• •..-. : ; -- : - ■'<:
■ : TV\lK/i 12JS >^- l Nfi :^.ly* : '^yVriisKed.' su-nny. ' room l
''^•.pleasaD.t-* .•jopen.'.'j-anfcj'". '.-=•. -\»- •,•-•-. . '■'':'.'■''.
'■■ ' UNflt-EO VSX-ATES:.' i^'. Ed*jy'; /near Market^JOO-
'•.* ro<im's.'*'t > S<;.*^'$l."oight:' $1 '7Ato $6. we«k;.elec-
-'VtTlc^.iBhts 4 <*o.*K'as);-;-runin'nr.w4te'r In every
:'• :/ro'6m:-»lev!itor!-x«rad..-jr.o«;m-.;' 'free, bus ;bagga«e,'
: te^?l^E^ : ja'j^"^*fl»^EI«pUBt «jont < p4f lgr>.-t>ad
';-. adTctfr>l'.nY.i».urte: fpr.'.bfflc.*- or.Vylub.- ; ■ . ■
'•WJNC'"liE§T.E"Ri"H*oteJ.*.44 j~~~^~~~~~S Ma« "net— .
\\, Most : >co''riyenl«*t-Vani; i-especta*»le.fr j 00.- -rooms;.
' .-aSc-'w $J'^Q.'ri.lgh.t: •■$*••: tj>. $3- .wee^k:'. elevator;
: AvOL"p 1 -'»i.ilourfe- : -?'' : -202 .vpikth-X-.r.lectrlc" ; l!gh; in .
•"■'-•e.vybr.s'jSiini*.' :Tncjii'9- r -f.rorr.:.15c'.- »o. *$l- per night.
•", : :"T3'c i th^.S.-^ir'-we-ek^vipen/a'tl. n.lihtv:..^ \'/^^.-'-
: 'CIi'A'P3IFiE.b .adrertlseraents and's'ub'scrlptions
-/^'rece.tyed.a*t;.(;tillibranc.» .'office.- -,?2Q0. FUlmore,
■A-]3R.VNi:H''"iifl'ce :^y : T.h'el^all-I.b>,t
•; .dr;.advertlfe : m'ept!i. a-nii^sfltjjc'riptlo'tls- his. be-r. .
:y[..ti£»Tt*Mnnpn<p+ i rifr'l f ; : -:;-'k* i . •■({'.. -.•■■'•'■y': ; :*: •>-••■
}.■;;■& fc'^'H'ptite
< SI"^W'E^'oTi.niVnyiQme'lsi;- VMrnl^edT-Eb^ms/'.-^jth^
''.: :|'best ;>of/-^pme'.'cooki.ni'-v.ejierjr : conyemenye.;,":
•• •jj'rlVa-te;!' hqn>ej'.?-.'jri(Klerh:h; loSfaflon .'-central;
fii.'^rtog-t.to'^M^rl^et^-sr.^iIfc
/^';': r"'-^^^.^TEL.AlKVTTQ*SV> ::^~r~''' ""■'•'' ':
'-• -8t7 •'- s Hine.;', : rnr;V -Taylor.;- :.~el»g»RtlK- furnUhed'
'"> iuUes;'V:Vr1.KaiV' r l«tti«r' v 'a'l^^Bioder.o.;'."TO
"v^'Jf"ac'iy;' i "^x_e»llen^i*jre i *;"_X K : !'j.",;K/-'; '. ': ,'. '.-..'.' •.,' - ;
C/ihVuft^hieXfo^^it^^tif^*^^-^a^--irB^-r.f»4V.:
i/f&jVtypoATfr.i.it-Kfc Srxt^,-li.v'r.;;';rieatr.-Chut'es-^ ; ; *^
;FIuTfi:n-i\-.^Iil6'i :^.Thr'j-e ; . '.•»uiiny".l. : -'furrilshed >
).^rbdh^;;S"Wl.th,br.wIt4out;;'*^ m^arhre*.
0.44 ""iVa'n* Ness;- : ccT."'-Q'Fa*T' >1 ' ■ t -~-
,;^qo^..;amf;^onrd^j5-mo t t>"tn.: 'u'p^<r-ne»; man'gt:'/
• Rdiixi i ai5d-*'l^-rdJ'- ; 'm'oderh : V«nyehienc«FS."-.for ■• a-
.."f tent:!'; fcrt\T^e». : iran>lly. J .-.:1224. "Gdl'derf Gate. Aye.
':fliS^*jpfi»I^^Vjsii5i iorjo"; Valencia: sti-.-V.warm'
.'.•■ b*lt«-cf MJls_s.ion)-^I:-rtht:*s"uii, 'ropms ;'AnierlcatJ.
'i)drR^&&J£&i&)iiit', *^r»^-*^*»^i | y«JW* 1 **
.V' h/ime^baSv^Qtfntaln.'vlew^l^' 20th aye.^ 3.
jWb.TEI-i"'.EI:SM'E'RE*:! ils'-autter^Sunny.' rooms; .:
j :VeXjr«lfe.nfe*tay.ly:vfrqm:$40;->initie -$25. ;'■ ; •■ .'. -.
..P.OST :^''nn^'iir.^y0::^ai^Suriny ■ »'oo*ns ;? exf ,?.
■r;!ypeH'e'rU''i»/ard-;i,ra.t*e^-reMoqabl*?: 'iiyfererice3';\--
sBte v?iiso'rj- ms'n"slon ! .'S07.'«!*ailfornI*"— 'Fine, rooms;
'.'r'iveyt^h'efsi'-^p.lorejl-'rtrirlc*:' table. specialty:. .
•p':FA-RhE^lI;.. > 3CJ-rFu.rnlstied '.'room*: ontae.
: ■'•fookiiiirr German. Vanilly: $6 :pey wtak. % • ...
*.If6xj*iSLil:."»*W2-. "corJ &Utter--L«rge.*. sunny 'corner
'-. 'ro/Im .r~oV'2':'.tyr.m'8* reasonable; .als'o -single rm..
-.W^-^JTT-:*—^-r-.-— ~ -=-=-■ . ■• •■••?•
j^.-^oqii^^ixpVittOAnD^
.' Vwp^3 k E"b^'Sbririy-;ii&rte'.ot-.rOoins with board:
: .'-Ji'orri'e'.-CQokl.TiKV; l>5r.ge. .fiose.ts;^hnt^arid. -cold.-.
V v Cc'*?". at r" I T'M' c ' itn •■"nq ' phqneV /.erms ..•m'u'st 'be
• •■ % J""ieas6n'aMe./;*.Box- M«. .Cal.f. gfflce.'-'rtV.-.-*' j
'\iSEVv*W<S JIACHINES. AND SUPPLIES
•' NEW.'litoME-.See'our n'ew -triple-feed ma-
'f-. chities: slightly used; 510. %IJ\. $20; second-
1 '-•hand..$C. $5. J.s; all styles guaranteed. New
;•".." Hom<i Sewing Machine Co.. 1 C.I 1 Market st.
$1«J 50-2NEW,,lmproved drop-head nicke.l-fl"lsh.
• • guaranteed 10 in.', 2d-hand r»wlns; machines
• . $2 50. S3 $4. 145 fith »t.: tel. Je«sle 3138.
* STORAGE AXP WAREHOUSES.
. A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture.
• .household goods stored, move** shipped. 725-
TjU Howard i>t., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage 4 Moving Co., of-
flce Poi** and Powell sts,: tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840 .
Mission st- ; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehtnss.
PACIFIC Storage anfl Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at rut rates.
STUTTERING AXP 8TAM.MERIXG.
MELBOURNE Echjol. Van Ness-Market— Curs
In every rase; Individual teaching: no medl-
5 cine. Inquire Into wcnderfnl cures: horns cure.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premter, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 5O. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California, st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
' tieulary, if I* A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. « ■:■• -'
A typewriter at any price; agents ''Fay-Sholes.
$100: Sun. $40: Commercial. $35: Postal. $25.
« a'XM. v 9 OHAM. CURT1SS A T* SLC11.
2D-Hif."JD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Web-'ter Typetrritlng Infp*.-. Co.. MW Market.
D I VI DEXP XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice: The Giant Powder **om-
pany. Con. — A dtvldend. No. 6*i. of fifty cents
. CiOcjper share on the- issued capital stock of
the company has been declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202, 204
• and 200 Hayward building; San Francisco.
*• on February 10, 1001. Transfer books ciosr
Vebruary 3, 1904, at noon.
- C. C. QUINN.i Secretary- ■
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bund-
ing Society. 3th Ofir, Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st of December.
1003, a • dividend has been declared at Us*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certifies.' •».
free of taxes, payable on and aftsr SATUR-
. DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON*-
A?n. Manager. HI7OH CRAIG S.rr.t»-r
BIRTHS— HARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oubllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices rentrtcted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. »
BERNHARD— In thU city, January 29. l$04.
to the wife of L. B. Bernhard. formerly
Emiti Alexapder, a son. _• ■
DIED.
Angelis. Mary Harrington. Chas % J.
Bruce. Mammle Hltchcox. Harry
Calvert. Edna M. Holland. Mary Jane
Chester. Caroline E. Holt. Mary Eliza
Comerford. "" John Keegan. Bridget
Corbett, Mamie . Langan. - Michael
Crane, Lemuel P. Levy. Louis , r ,
Daley James Meeker. Victorias M.
De Haro. Isabel M. Molloy. Mary
Delaney Thomas F. O'Halloran 1 Infant)
Dolan Michael F. Prindle. Mm. E.
Donovan. John Ratigsrt. Frank T.
Dougherty. Michel J. Stevenson. Sarah
Doyle Daniel P. Van Someren. Harry
Dyer "Phlllna Sophia Welley. James
FTy ' Elbert L Weinberger. Ros*
frr" Mrs Ann Weyrather. Dora
Galea. Andrew Wohler. Theodore
ANGF.LIS— In this city. January 30 1004.'
Mary Angels, beloved mother of Henry.
Fdward Kudolph and Minnie Anaells and
the late Eml! Angelis. a native of Ger-
many, aged tw years 6 months and 8 days.
C? Friend* and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday. Febniary 2. 1904. at 10 f^-oc-J; •«
the mortuary chapel of the Oolden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street.
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Uwn
Cemetery, by tlectrlc funeral car from cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
10:30 o'clock.
BRUCE— In the City and County HosplUT
January 31. 1904. Mammle Bruce, aged 23
years, a native of California.
CALVERT— In Oakland. January 31, 1904. at
COl Eighteenth street. Edna Merle, beloved
wife of William Brltton Calvert. dtaghter
of Mrs. O. E. Perieo and sister of BIoo L.
Atkinson and Hermann Oliver Perigo. a
native of Des Moines. Iowa, axed 25 years
5 months and 10 days.
CHESTER— In Stockton. Cal.. January 30.
1904, Caroline E.. beloved wife of Charlet
Chfster of Oakland, and daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. A. Henry Stevens of Mill*. Sacra-
mento County. Cal., a native of Maine.
COMERFORD— In this city. January 30. 1904.
at hi* late residence. lOSI Alabama street.
John, beloved husband of Annie Comer-
ford, a native of Ireland.
CORBETT— In this city. January 31. l»04.
Mamie, dearly beloved daughter of Ellen and
the Jate John Corbett. and sister cf James,
Kate. William and Frank Corbett and Mrs.
Hannah Schafer. a native of Grass Valley.
Cai.. aged 27 years tt months and 21 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday), February 2. at 12:3<> o'clock, from
the parlors of II. K. Suhr A Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion ntreet. between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for service*.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRANE— In this city. January SO. 1004. Lem-
uel P. Crane, beloved husband of Sara J.
Crane, and father of Frank. Irvlnir and
Douglas Crane, Mrs. C. W. Lang. Mrs. J.
Todd. Mr«. H. C. Donnels and Mrs. J. H.
Marshall, a native of New York, aged 80
yean 5 months and 7 days.
tE7"The funeral services will take plac»
Monday afternoon, February 1. 19O*. »t *
o'clock, at the parlors uf Halsted ft Co.. »48
Mission street. Interment private.
DALEY— In this city. January 30. 1904. Jame*
I>al-y, beloxed sun of James and Kate
Daley, and brother of Gertrude Daley, a.
■ native of San Francisco, aged 6 year* and
'■ 12 days.
\ C7Fri«-nds« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■■ (Tuesday), at It o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadJcn. McBrearty tt Green. 1171 Mls-
r '. sion «tr*^_ between Seventh and Eighth.
'•'Interment noly Cross Cemetery.
DE HARO— In this city. January 29. 19O4.
Isabel. Marte, beloved dauzhter cf Alonio
. and Mary de Haro. -and alster of Mrs. E. P.
•;Klrk. Mrs. S. 11. Ailamson and Vlcto*. Frank
and. the late Josephine de Haro. a native of
1 -:San Mateo County.
•• (p-" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funera! Monday.
February 1. 1904. at 12 o'clock, rrom tha
' mprtuary chaDel of the Golden Gate Under-
. • taking ComDany. 2475 Mission stre*t. near
.Twenty-first, thence tc St Peter's Church.
; Alabama street, between Twenty-fourth and
•■Twenty-fifth, where services will be held at
' - 1-. o'clock. ■: Interment Hoi* Cross Cemetery.
• -'by. raT'ace. .
DELANEY— In . Mojave. January 29. 1904.
.•;. Thomas- F..' beloved son of Nicholas and the
i late .Joaephlne- Delaney and brother of Nlch-
. oiaiA.; William J.. Matthew D.. Louis E..
'.; Marguerite'M Frances L. and Josephine De-
;'•'' laney .-'.» native of Humboldt County, Cal.,
■'-"•'aged' 26: years 6 months and 14 days.
•'..■ CTFrlehda and acquaintances are respect-
:-/. fully Invited ti» attend the funeral to-morrow
'■ .'■ (.Tuesday) February 2. at &:43 o'clock, from
his' late residence. 2fi8 Page street. Interment
'•':'■■ .Holy Cross-Cemetery.
boLAN^ia Oakland. January 30. 1904. Mich-
■' ael-'F.' Dolan. beloved husband of the lat*
"Mary Dolan. and devoted father of William.
'•John »nd .undrew Dolan. Mrs. J. Nolan.
' vMrs. J. AJams and r*e late Mary Dolan. a
-.-. native-" of County Kilkenny. Ireland. a.gtd 6t»
■ ;: jvars.' A member of Central Lodxe No. 25.
;a.-o. V- W
' • ' : tTFrlends and actiuaintances are respect-
'-.'■ fully- lnyltt^l to attend the funeral Tuesday.
; Febniary 2. 1904. at 'JiSO o'clock, from hl»
daUKhter's residence. 823 Filbert street.
'• th»nce to St; Patrick's Church, where a sol-
'. -emri requiem mass. will be celebrated for th»
.- repose of Ms soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
: St. ; Mary's- Cemetery. Oakland.
DONOVAN— In Oakland. January 30. 1904.
, John, jbeioved husband cf Ellen Donovan.
' -.and father of Hannah M.. Jeremiah C. and
:'. . Johiji L. Dunovan. a .-.attve of Ireland, aged
• . 6O years." . .
■ -.-.- ' *C7"Friendii and acquaintances are respect-
,'■ fully-Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ .^Tuesday), at 0:15 o'clock, from his late res-
* '. iderice. 100.1 Third street, thence to th»
•■•Church of the Immaculate Conception, where.
•". : .a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated!
■ ■ fpr the r»pose> of his soul, commencing at
I 0:4r» .o'clock Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
'. ' ter> J .. Oakland.
boVGHERTY- In this city. January 30. 1904.
Michel Joseph. d»nrly beloved husband of
i .Katherlne Doughetcy. father of William and
Howard ■ IWmgherty. 'ovlng son of James and
.Bridget '.Dougherty, brother of Daniel F..
'■ James. Thomas. John. William and Bella
'Dougherty and Mrs. r. H. Brady. Mrs. T.
Code ami Mr=» M. London, a native of San
• : vFranciseo. aged 37 years.
1 »-C7"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
■ fuily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' '(Tuesday). »t O.-H> o'clock from the parlor*
tif'Monahan. O'H»ra A Co.. 2339-2341 Mis-
. Flon street, near Ninete'nth. thence to St.
Peter's Church. Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi»
saul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro.«s C*metery.
DOYLE — In this city, January 31, 1904. at
his residence. 817 Howard street. Daniel P..
beloved husband of Hanora Doyle, and father
of Charles A. Doyle, a native of Waterform
County. Ireland, aged 72 years.
•CTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
DVER— In this city, January 28. 1904. PhlUna
Sophia, beloved wife of James A. Dyer, a>
native of Waterbury, Vt.
[7Friend.4 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
Febniary 1. 10O4. at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1183 Valencia street, near Twenty-
third, thence to Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Mission street, between Sixta and
Seventh, where services will be held at 3
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
FRY- In Oakland, January 26. 1904. Elbert
I. Fty, aged 78 years, and on January 31.
1U04, Ann Fry this wife), aged 63 years and
11 months, beloved parents of Mrs. Ida
Kemaston. Mrs. Nettle Howard. Mrs. Hat-
tle Del-mey and Georse, Laurence. Fred-
erick. Edward and Bert Fry, both natives
of New York.
CTNotlce of funeral in Wednesday morn-
Ing's paper*.
GALEA— In this city. January 30. 1904. An-
drew Galea. a native of Malta, aced 44
years. •
•CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesdav.
February 2, at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of J. S. Godeau. undertaker. 305
Montgomery avenue. « •- -
HARRINGTON— In this city. January 31.
1904. Charles J.. beloved son of Peter J. and
' the late Nancy Harrington, and brother of
Robert. Andrew, John and Franlf Harrtns;-
U.n. Mrs. A. G. Beazell of Llvermore and
Mrs. Paul Subertich of Oakland, a native
of Livermote, Cal.. aged 38 years.
CNotlce of funeral hereaftfr. Remains
at the parlors of Carew £ English. 29 Van
.Ness avenue.
HITCHCOX— Vt to a higher life. In this
city. January 31. 1904. Harry, husfcand ot
Hattle Hltchcox. and father of J*»e an*
Mary Hltchcox and Mr*. Alice E. McKie. a
native of England, aged *C year* S months
and 23 days.
HOLLAND— In Oakland. January .TO. 19O4.
Mary Jane Holland, daughter of Mrs. Mary
A. Coulson. nnd sister of Mm. R. «. Pem-
berton and Mrs. J. T. Brewls. a native of
England, ased 50 years » months and 23
i!ay>.
HOLT— In A'ameda. January 30. 19<V». Mary
Ellsa Holt, widow of the late James W.
Holt, and mother of Edward J. riolt. s>
native of Bangor. Me., aged 75 years 7
months and 27 days. (Bangor and Belfast.
Me., papers copy.)
fCTFrien<l» anrl acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. February 1. 1»>». at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of her son. E. J. Holt. .100.
Morton street. Interment Oakland Cre-
matory-
KEEOA.V— In this city. January 31. 1904.
Bridget, relict of the late William Keegan
and mother of William K»egan and Mrs.
James Byrne and the late Delia Keegan. a
native of Ireland.
ciyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) at &:3O o'clock, from her lat»
residence 1372A Stevenson street, between
Hermann and Ridley, thence to St. Joseph's
Church where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crpss
Cemetery.
•LANGAN— In tbto city. January 31. 1904.
at his residence. 114S O'Farrell street.
Michael Langan. brother of Mrs. D. Murphy.
Mrs M. Turner. Mrs. M. Schone. Mrs. A.
Woodward and Mrs. W. T. Harriett, a native
of Ireland, aged 80 years.
C^Notlce of fur.eral hereafter.
LEVY— In this dty. Louia Levy, beloved ho»»
Continued on Page Ten.
910
DEATH NOTICES.
' CoijUnned From Page 'Mnfc. ,'■ ■ .
band of Jrn'tiie T.evy and brother of Aaron.'
\Vr,!f «n4 Uave Levy. sue*l.-i» .ye#f».-. . -.-
f-TNolue of lur.ctal fcei>-a«*r... : ;_. : ■ _
UFKKER— In thi^ ciiv.. -:..-Jan«ary ■ -.1. l- 1^.
M,.Vr. ar..l r-..;t- ? r of J^nnotte A 1-. ance»
V.. William St. and JattM JJ Sircar. Mrs
Mal.'-l U. StonelcrrM- snd Mrs... J_- Jl. "r 1 ".
li>rk « native rt IVnTjsylv.-inifc. -' • . ■ ■■"
cJ-KiirudK arr r< snertfully Invited to.it-
t*nd the n:arr»1 F?Tvicr« TueFrtBv at
odocV «t lier !atc rrsid-Mwe, 5 c^rity-,
fit>t Fi-eet fcctv.-t-en rc!r,cm and EnoiT»eli..
latrnnent Mcun; Olivet Ccm««ic.r:- '•• : '• • .
U..LLX>y-ln this city. January ."!>. :; 100tv
Maria MolJcy. J>eloved sister- of 'Mrs. -1. **.-
WolUrd anii aunt of W. .11 Usa<- and M«t-
ue V.« Hard, a iall\o ol County nosconuji.n.
I:e:an<l. «oJ VU jrcan. V ;■.■■■. .:-:•:
VyTrienii' «nd acquaintances «r* resf-ect-
f-!'v invistu to attend the fun'ral ■ to-day
iMoncaj). at *:::» o'clock. 1 rom i.er Ute
rx«Jo>»ice. «;!-'• N'atoma etrcet. • thence;. u>
Et Josn'h'f Church, where a mars' will be
c-^'brateci for the repose of her. >oul.: corn-:
mearlor at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
O'lIALLOHAN— In this city. January ."1. 1904,
fhiid of Patrick nv.d BriJget O'Hil'.oran, a
r.aiive cf !=jr. Francisco. , . ..•-. -.
riMXDLE— In Oakland. Januar:.- 30, 1904, Mrs.
ThzabfUi Prindle. beloved mother of F'rrd
and Georpe Prindie. a native of MiddletoT.n.
<7or:n.. ajfd 77 years. 1 Hartford and New
Haven papers please copy.)
CT'F'rieitda.mre revpectfttfly invited t« at-
fr.d the fur.era! services to-morrow <Tue^-
<1ay^. at. 2 o'clocl:. at h»r late residence,'
Oakland avenue. n«>aj- l.in&a avnsc Inter-
ment private, in Mountain View Onvtery.
J1ATIGAN— In this city. January ::0. 10<»4.
' Frank T.. ne'ovrd- son of Edward and Mary
Rat:;.-;-- . and brotber of K-i^'ard zin-1 YV11-
liani Iiati£an. a r.istive of i-'an FranclEco.
cp^d '.'A ycarf » montlis nr.d 21 da>s.
Zy Friend* and arfjuaintanct-s ore lerpect-
fully IsvUcd 10 attend tho funeral to-day
(Mondayl, «it h:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of'tfc* IVMCcm Addition Kuneral Director*.
1TC4 DevisadTo street, befwen Hutfr and
U-jfh. ♦henre ta Si. DCSltSlCa Clurch for
*=*rv!ce«. cnrtm«-nrir.c at '.• o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Coan Cerr.etery.
STKVKNSOX— In thia rlty. January SO, 1WM.
?»rah Btevnsson, h native of Scotland.
CXFricnds are ro«iiectfnr.y- invited to at-
tend the funeral to-mt-rrow (Tue^dax). at
.10:15 o'clnrk. from the parlors of llalbteii *
<'".. 046 MirFlon etreet. Interment <"ypres«
I.awn <"«rr.etery by ll;39 o'clcxk train from
Third and Xowcaeud streets. '
VAX SOMEP.KS— In thir city. January 23.
!'«04. Harrv Van Someren. beloved husbanJ
<f Kate Van ?onieren.. lather of Maude.
Anna and Frnnrls Van i-onier<-n. and son-in-
Jaw of T^.ompsi and Margaret Tierney. a na-
tive ot Holland, n^od .'55 years S> month? ar.d
3 daya. A member cf White IjiIc Tribe
Nc. 75, Imrd. O. R.: M.
r7"i-"rifnJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltfd to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February ?. 1904. at 10 oVlock. 'from the
mortuary chapei of J. S. Godeau. 205 Mont-
gflfnrry-.avcnue,' thence to St. Frando Church
for serviti>*. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery. ■...'■ ■
Tl'KILEV— In this • city. January 30. 1904.
.lam».« WViley, a native of Pennsylvania,
fccd IS year? ar^d 7 month?.
WEINBERGER— In this city. January 31
IP01. Rofa. beloved v;iT~ of Marcus Wein-
b«-rrer tnd mother of Mrs. H. /i. X'wljaucr
and Josep'i Weir.bereer, h. native of Dahl-
h'-im Germany, agfd f>s years " months and
I", days.
E7ffrirafia v.r.C acqvji:ntanc<s are resp"ct-
.fn'ly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday >. February 2. at 10 o'clock, from
h-T late rpsidtnee. lf)12 Srott etreet. Inter-
ment Home of Pea<-e Cemetery , by 11 ::>0
o'o|ix-k train from Third and Townsend
Btrectt. y
WEYUATHEn— In this city, January' 29. 1904.
Dora; Weyrathtr, beloved sister of Ferdi-
nand '\\>j rather an i Mrs. H. C. Groeper. a
:-.ati\r of Hamburg. Oermany.
C7"!*h<» funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 19 o'clock, from tbe parlors of
.Monahan. Olbra t Co.. 2339-41 Mission
ftreft. ti^jr Nineteenth. Interment Cypress
• U»n Cerr.ctent-, by electric funeral car 'rom
. Eipht»onth and Gi:rrroro streets.
WdliLKn- In this city. .1anuar>' .T>. l»04.
Th«-n<iorr. dearly belo\ed Ron of Theodore
F. «nd Josephine Mocr» Wohler. and brother
»if »Iarl WoH»r, a native of Han Francisco,
£j<"1 1 >(sr 1<» month? and ].*• days.
CT Friend" end ac(5U»lntancps are rcspect-
t'jiiy invited to pttend the funeral t'>-ilay
::■■* Monday). «t 10:3O o'clock, from the re«i-
' ilfnw of" the ivrrnts. .'!^7»5 Twenty-third
ftr»»»t. Intcrmrnt Holy I'rcus Ometerj-.
Jl r cat her Report.
O2Cnh Men dian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 31. 5 p. m.
The fo'.'.oxvinjr are the seasonal rainfalls to 1
£al«? £S compared with those of fame date last '
**ason and the rainfall in the la«t twenty-four
fcour* : . ■ '. - ..." .
Last This L&n
Slsticn* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 2CS.32 :<«.<<i
Tied Bluff 1-i.fiO 16.25
tarraro^nto S.22 fl.2*t;
San Francjf"-o 7.1« ».7.t !
Kro»:no 1 .46 S.O7
Independence' ..... ' 0.42 1.54
J^an Luip «)bi?po. >.. l.!»«> S.*i7
Ivjs Arsre'cs ..'. O.r.7 7.07 [
tan D!f|to «t.45 0.78-
THK COAST RECORD.
O 5 2 3 2 «3
-.3 |3 |1 -5 8 2 ?
ETATION.; | ||| | p g- j;
: ? <= : : §
Biker ....... .30.S2 S6~Tc~PB Clear
Carnor. .;..\.. 30.44 M 1« E Clear .00
Eureka 30.30 <S 42" NE Cloudy .no
F«ra!lon . 3O.2«5 r.l 4#; NW ■ Cloudy .«•«
Fresno .i 30.22 70 ' SR FE ■ <71ear - .00
Flagftaff .-...I3rt.?2 • M 2<$ PB Clear .00 j
TVxatello ....30.30 s* . jg e ' Oear ■ .00 1
Indei^ndet.re.'.SO.ro «2 .3S • SE <Jlear ' .00
Los Arift«'l«'s..r.0.20 SO 46 W Clear .00'
Mt Tamslpais.^0.26 M "47- '6 " »»t.CWjr .00
North H«-atl. ...'50.1'S 44 is FW Cloudy .00
Vo'.rtt Reyes... 30.21 .Vt |2 N Cloudy .M
Ph<-*nix 30.21 70 fc W Clear ,t<0
Portlard ."0.22 . 3S 2H 'FtV Cloudy .00
Re4 Bluff .'lO.lM «S 3R NE Clear "00
Rcsebuns %n.r.n 4S M NW" Clear ",«C
Parms.«nto ..3ft. 2i €2 40 N Clear .00
Salt Lake .:..30..".S 40 1« SE Clear .00
ea» Franciroo.SO.efl «2 46 NW Clea- - ,«0
P. L. Obi«po..30.24 74 3fl N 'Clear - .W>
Ran Diego PO.JK "4 4« NW Clear ' .00
F<tattle ?>Q.ZK 40 n« SB Cloudy .«O
FpctocT* .tn.12 C« 2« • E Cloudy .00
T«too?h 30.14 44 ns S Rain -.02
"U'.nlla TT«!U..r».lK 30 2« P Foggy .00
Winn?m"jrca .r.ft.3« • HO • 14 PW dear .00
Tuma SO. 22 72 40 NE Clear :«X>
■wt:atiieti conditions and general
FORECAST.
Cloudy . weather prevails over Washinirton
and southward a';orc the coast to Cape MeD
<5ocln<v, in other diftricta west of the Rocky
Mountain!" fair weather prevails. Light rain
Is reported at Tatoosh Island. .
Th* rrf-sfure. haa fallen over the northern
portfon of the Pacific, Elope- and risen over the
southern. '
The teoipersLtcro chanires hare been sllrht In
nil districts except' a. rise' itr th«; vicinity of
Sen Dlcyo. Throujrhotit California the. tem
perature range* from 7 to 14 degrees above '.-ae,
normal.
Forecast mede at San Francisco for thirty
hovrt ecdiag midnisrht. February 1:
Northern California — Fair Monday except
cloudy along th« northern cca«t; Il^ht north
east wiad.
-, Southern Oalif'miia — Fair Monday.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
li£ht northerly wind. G. II. WILLEOX.
-- : Local Fo-*ca**.er. '
The Negro In the South.
"With the elevation, of the negrro, now
progressing: as the statistics show, there
is no E3od reason to doubt that in time
he villl rise to the full measure qf his
merit and that this will find , its best
recognition in the South, where now
in all ths highest branches of trade
and mechanical pursuit he has a status
denied him Jn the North. In the solu
tion of such a great problem as con
fronts the South lime Is essential, and
under the wise direction of such leaders
ea Booker T. Washington there is more
hope for good results than in all the
abstract dreams of the Northern phil
anthropists, who are equally ignorant
of- {hi* Southern negro and the South
ern ■ white man. — Louisville Courier-
Journal.
They Like It.
-"Ttcccrdinr: to a Berlin correspondent,
some aicohol sot by mistake into the
fodder of a herd of cattle in West
Hnveland oiid made dozens of the ani
mals completely drunk. The cows were
so hilarious ~nd lively on their feet
that it was impossible to milk them.
Oxen, harnessed to plows, had also
partaken too freely and began; moving:
diagonally rctvps the fields. Attempts
to mnnape them resulted in serious.in
juries to several farmhands.— New
Tork .Commercial.
CRUISER PUGLIA
COMES TO PORT
Italian : $$$. : J};Cs|el Arrives-'
: : Frpni p .« ntla^ via Sou th .A morif
T<!a Eni Rbute- io ".-'tlie 1-Orient.
• •• • .-• ■■•.■/.•"■. ■•■-, .•-•".:'••.•■•-'■*-.'
spfe:a^"A^tKiK\ iir: sea
Ship Roiieliy M&}}? Bound lFi ; 6m
■iWhatcom-^b . Delg(yji':'Bay^is
lleadedv •sEbr .' ;Saii:- : '.Franci&«)
The Italian Cruiser. iVagUa. .arrived ;ln
port yesterday and' came to*aii anchsr
age off ;'Fol?om* street a"t 11:30 a'.-.m. Her
advent was unheralded -a n/1- unexpe.ot
fd. but she received the regulation.sa
lute . as she entered the 'harbor -an/i
pa c se»up theiiayi-It w.as'her Irit'entiori.
to remain. in San Franoisca narbp^ arid
vicinity -for thi'ee "monthis. bjit on .her
arrival .Here she : received 7 instructions
by cable to cut her- v.lj=it. short, and'jijnly
stay here forgone week, "and then to
proceed to Japanese, waiters'via"*,Hori.;
lulu.:. -.. f. ; - . ' '• v'. '. ."'•:. •:
As soon as she arrived people frorn
town commenced to go'.out "to- visit* hefj
and the shore boats were kept .busyJUll
late in the afternoon taking visitors
out to inspect her. * '. . » ! !
Only a few of the officers speak'Eng.
lish, but there are several of the cr&W'
that art. as interpreters'. The visij.or 0 s
were all given a cordial ivolconvs ai'^d
were shown over the ship from stem t<;
stern, and eVefy co'.irtesy. possible .waij
extended to them. .• -. • . ."' •• .
The mascot' of the ship is-£.,pet llama,
which, was taken on board 'at Buenos
Ayres. It an"orde'd great' amwemen't to
both the onew and visitors. yesterday-fey,
an fxhtbUfon of what itsidigesti.ve.o*r
gans were, capable of .tackling:' It ate-'
everything • t hat . \vas- offered' to"-' it • ef
cept: nails,..ta.cks. .glass. -and .boaYds," -.1*
gulped down-, bags, of • peanuts,- "shells^
paper and all ; "pieces pf cofi-;.- cigarettes,
shavings 'and; fi.nally wound up ihe-peV r
formance.by jheiyingr.'iip 1 and. swallow^
'ng a lighted cigar, jnis iks.t fe.at.suTi
prised, the llama as miich'as .it aid tbe.
witnesses,, uut it in'.iio .way. put stop
1c the. proceedings, for ♦.£."» .'ajoI.mal/fi-^i.
erwardate with avidity-j-vportfo-n of a
w«x)len cap arid a; lot 6'f- wallpaper; -. '•
The. Pugiia is .oh a> te-un arbu-nd'vthe
w.ii-ld.' *:he. left •.Geno&'six - .mojitfis''ago,
and en.route; has called- at^th'ej Al-adelra
Islands, ' : St. Thomas, •'.Bar"badp.e9.. t 'Rer T
nambucov Santps; Knsenatla.;; "Buenos.
Ayres, Porto Xue'voi-Puntg. Arenas*, tlie
Ftraits o* Magellan. PijrtbCo.rral.-EalcaT
huano, Va'paraiso, :YquiqV° r ' Qiiii&o .a.n<i'
Acapulro.-" She -.is a-.tri'airlOtrHing'Tcrji'ft
and belongs to... cruiser class -Noy".3.v..iShe'
wap built at.Taran'fro" in 1900. i'nd'*ifdS'r
$1,000,000. She is-.26a.feet in ""length.. Wl
feet beam; iT-.feet draught- aridfeartties'
thirty-one aruns." Hei> speed is /"twenty
knots s.nd s h.e '-carries, a- ere" \v-;'p.f':'2Sb 'me ji
ail told. :.She is.equijjped wifh^tite.'M.arV.
coni telegraph system." . "^ *•".'/. _/;"'. j '
Captain . Uirico 'P^scetto^iveT-V.'Vrtfgi,
mander, states-, that .-.i*ie voyage" so 'far
has been uneveatful.;/- .•.'-'"■•'.:•.:* -'j-SV*!' •
Rokeby Hall. Springs :h' ideate/ A
The'- steamer Em&ire. '.^t-liicvi- a'lfriv^d "in: jpb'rt
yesterday. reiKJrti that. b'ti JanjjarXv^tft.via-A.V
t>. m.. she iioV*J -the. -ship'.'. linke.by\HaS*'-in~a
leaky c6ndition;.i)CMnd fo thltj'.Dor-t. s The Rdke
by Hi'.l sailed 'from "What. con*, on- "Juiiuary --l^r
bouna for Delsoa B»yJ. Whea'sh'e ylgnalled to
the Kid pi re that she wan" leaking:.. sheV-M§o
stated she <lid not need assistances '• '• '. "•
Takes Beef to Russia.*
The Pacific Mai* 'Steamship CfmJ3any.8-8te'am.'
ship Korea wllJ eail on Tuesday, for HonckVnR,'
via Honolulu. -. SLe ca'rries- S0OO' tonij- of frelgrK*...
wflch includes flfty-One'cr«rloa<lK' of "barrel *beef
for Vladivostok, consigned to the R-ussi.an Gov
ernment. She also- carries, .'.ubouts- **>0 caibin
past-tngers. ■ '-.-.. •' ■.'-I- •) . J\ .'•■'. i
. . > . .-
ITie Overdue List.
The following Versela- «r* • quoted .for rtin
surance: Ma:taban. 14- days fro.n Java to
Barbadoes. 80 per cent; S.t.' Mjri-en, 111- days
from Newcastle to San.^Francisco*. 2O'.per. ccift."
Robert Kiekmers, 117-daj-s f rom* Rangoon to.
Bremen. 15 r*f cent. • ' ' . - : *- ' "..•'•' % ,..'
--■•:. tv... » — s—i*: ."•'.* -: \ .
■ • . ..*.••■• .■
Thomas Still at Sea.
The transport Thomas,. • which*. sailed *l rom
this port on January 1 for Manila, "his jadl 'been
reported tn arriving there z*l. althovgh'she.ls
fully due. ' '. ' • .■ . ' * t «• »• ••* ,% .
Ventura Due To-Dayl
Tbe Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Ventura is «iue to-day frvm Sydney, vja^ Hono
lulu. • . ••
Mariposa Due on Wednesday.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Mariposa Is due to arrive from Tahiti on
Wednesday.
Sheridan Sails To-Day.
Tbe transport Sheridan sails at noon t"-iay
for Manila.
Shipping Intelligence.
> ARRIVED
Sunuay. January 31.
U S «tmr Hugh McCrMoch, Hamiet. 24
hour* from Eweka.
Italian war s' nr Purlia, Fescetto. 10 days
from Acapulco. / ■ « •*'
Stmr laqua. Jorrensen. 22 hours Trom
Eureka. ■ . * A :
Ftmr Rival UcCIements, 72 hours ' from
Wilinp; Harbv..-.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from <3oT.;nj
Londing. - • • ■-
fitmr Nararrv, Web«r, 12 hours from
2>elmar. • '• /
Stror ■ Leelanaw, Monroe, 9* hours « Tf om
Tacoma.
Stmr Gicsy, Leland, 20 nours from Mops
Landing. ■ ■
~- Stmr Prentik«, Ahlstrcm, 40 hours from San
-Pedro.
t-tmr North Font, N>len, 26 hours from
Eureka. — ■■ ■ ■-
fmr Coquille River, Eanford, 43 hours 4Trom
Crercenc Cit>. '- . £• • ■
Stmr Empire, Macgeou, B4 ho»ra from.' Coos
Bav. - •
Stmr Bonita. Glelow. 3P hours "frsm -^an
Pe«<ro, In tow of tug Sea Rnver, wit^x .broken
r bw.t.
Tujr Sea rlover. Thomjwon, 39 hours .fron)
San Pedro, with disabled cimi Bonita. : ' a
Schr Miry C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
deg-a.
6chr Bek^le X. Roed, 10 nours 'rom . San
Vlnceate Landine. «
SAILED. ' .,
Sunday, Jan- 31.
Stmr Santa fc'wa'. Alexander, Ean Diego.
Stmr Maggi* -Corning, lUlfraoon Bay.
Stmr — eweboy, Adler, Mendocino. ' ■
Stmr city of Puebla, Jepcen. Victoria- and
Port Towrus'-id.
Stmr SSnn Pedro. Peter«on. Eureka.
■ Ptmr Whltesboro, Olsen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Creenwood, Thompson, Albion.
Stmr Pr-nt'tjs, Ahlatrom, Mcndochio. •
Bark St /Catherine. Sawder?, Hilo.
Fchr Ida A. Campbell. Bodeg*t.
Schr Glfndaie. Lunvaldt. Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
■POINT LOBOS. Jan "". 10 p m — 'Wsather
cloudy: w'jid S\V; velocity 6 miles per hour, j
DOMESTIC
PORT LL'DIX)W— Arrived Jan 31— Ger «tmr
Eva. from Port Plaluley.
ASTORIA -A.-r..«d Jan 31— Stmr Chas
Nelson, chence Jan fi.
Sailed Jai. 31— Stmr Aberdeen, for Eureka;
echr Korester. for Kcbe.
Arrived Jan. "<l — Stmr Chailrs Nelson, from
San Francisco; fcktn Encore from Han Fran
cIjco; Ftmr Elmore from TUIamook.
PORT IX)S ANUELES— Arrived Jan 31—
StiT.r Alcarar. from Gretnwood.
ECREKA— Arrived .'«n .".1— Italian ship
Asc.stlro Terrlizano. from Honolulu.
bailed Jan 31 — siram Noyo and Eureka and
jschr Mary E Ru? ». for- San Francisco.
-POUT .GAMBLE- Arrived Jan 31— Schr
Camanao. frcm San Pedro.
KAN DON— Sailed Jan 31— Stmrs Elizabeth
and «.'hiro. for f-an Francisco.
TATOO.--H— Pasfed In J»n 31— Nor etmr
Tellus. hemo Jsn 2S for I.aJysmlth; ctmr Cen
tennial, hence Jan £K for Hfattte.
VENTi;n.V— Arrived Jan HI— Stmr ".Vhlttier.
hence Jan ::0.
VKNT17RA— Saile.l Jan. 31— Stmr Whlttier.
fo& San ' Francisco.
Vk'IiATro.M — failed J.-»n 31— Ger stmr Mera.
for San Francis?**. *waar*aa(jBB
FORT HRAGG— i-a:lfd Jan 31— Stmr Na
tional »*itv. f"r Fan Francifrcc
A BEllDEEN— Arrived Jan. 01— Stmr Coro
a*»t*.o. hence J&n. ' 27.
. THE •• SAX- :FRf\K*ClSCO:. 'CALL',.- MONDAY. FEBRUARY 1, 1904.
CHICAGO SUED
FOR $38,000,000
Ampuniy --IJemaiided c .in. Per
' •ssohar-Tnjury .Cases Against
i*j -City •.'.Aggregate Large; 'Sum
SKOWS fi .XEED 0F° CHARTER
T^a'clv of* Fifntis ;fojr Repairing
•.of StreBlis ajid' Sidewalks Re
•Vsponsil)le .Tfor the Litigation
• .CHICAGO. Jan- 31.*— personal injury
su«ts am.ounting; to $38,000,'000.are pend
iriti JJgainst the. city* of ChlSago, a<^
cctding to^the report of the* City Attor
ney, John ,F." SmulSfeS. made public, to
day. '.The -Council/ the Legislature and
finally ths' people, are appealed to ftfr
relief. Sidewalk isjurles caused the
"majority of the suits. .' »
.Smulski shows tha 6 t the interests com*
biningr to loot- the city in waj&
arao=Rt practically lo an organizations
'Names of lawyers, mosily young men;
aihd doctors occur with great 'frequency
•Ik the lis! of «iits. . . .
"The Cit;' Attorney says the main
•cause of this condition Is the deplorable
state t)f the city's* flnance.s, .which
makes it- fen possible £0 cace properly for
its streets and sidewalks. The remedy,
he says, is a' Hew city charter. The
r?ar.°y judgments awarded against the
•r'ity are pointed out, and Attorney
i'.mulski says that unless favorable ac
tion !s taken in reg£«rd to a new charter
*in»v^tabl(* 'bankruptcy v;ill result. •
— — *~*~ '• •
Afflicts All Classes, -v p
y They .have just put vestibules on the
J fr©nt end > 'of tbs street cars in Boston.
,{ I- asked a', motorman how he enjoyed
j the- protection. ' :*".' < T
• ; : "He removed his glasses carefully and
', ,wipe.i " therr. . • : . „
I t ! 'I "find." he sourteousl.y repljied, "that
they- hav« 'a • marked ten'dencV' to* in-
the .'maximum of 'calorific influ
ence, and at t!»e same time tenfrjer the
• vitfd"-. Co the .'shorn -'lamb— : "a quotatiira
tliat is frequently jhlscredited by« the
ifnlearYied'and, the' careless tctrhji Scrip
tures." ~ ■ .. '.. . ° :, ■ ••
• '. And .hie' moved o»n.— Cleveland Plain
.TJealfTsV. •' „■"•'-. id' ° . ° * •"."*.
•'-,' '•'.'•—'-*' : — '.* '. — : — 1 7 — •* ,'•
' .Giant- Powder Compa'ny ha's* declared, "dlvl
': dend '61? of "50 .'cents a_ share. , # .. . *•
-■I' *■' ." ' •;•; ..."': ".•?- " ' "*' *. ' :' + '
-.}..' ! ' -'-.. :'•':; ISLAXD'PORTE. •• * '.
.'."' klL : O r^-Arrive.d' # "Jtin £ 2ft— Ship
htnc*. January.- Jo. , ° •-.."■
''. rtGXOL'ULl.'-^SaUed »* Jaj> 30— Bark .^nnle
'Johnson. ; /or.-!5an- -.Francis^. • „ .• ' : * •
r A'rrlv«A3;: .Ja'J .• SVvJap stmr America. >Iaru, •
•he'nee* Jan' is. ' . •'. " ■ ■ • . ' • . •' *.,
,-^.*.'"- .- ..' 'Of;EAN STEAMERS. \ . »• c ;> '
'■■ -LI VESPOOLr- Arrived January • 31— Etmr.
•Cymric:, from Boston: •- .-...,. o "
V.SOUTHAM.PT0N— Arrived Jau 31— Stnjr.St,
Paul. -from" -New York.- '• . * 0 • .o '
5- •NIi\\ v .-"'VOR'IS— Arrived Jkn. 21— Stmr. St.*
Zt'uis/:'from pouth'ampt?.n and Cherbourg; stmr
jEtruri;*.: from-'Liverpuol and .Queenstown. <T.
r.-N"AI ; LES^-:AiTived Jan 30— Stmr . Romanic,
.from'- BQEtop. . • ' • ■ ' ' ■'■' -•»•- '
•> QtKENSTO.WK— 6aii<d Jan 31-^Stmr I'm
bfia.," tro'm--i.>'.--erpool for New York.
3Idvement« of StcamctTj. ?•
.-'• * :;•; _»,••' •• TO AftRIVE. • ' *'' \
■■ • Steamer.' '• I .' "From. .1 Due.
Enterprise". .-.. I Hllo ]Feb. . t
Re'dondo.. ..'-.. I San Pedro |Fetv -1
! , Elizabeth. :•:.'. -Coquille Rivei ....,..,. F"«b. 1
I." Eureka.....*. . llumboldt ...Feb. 1
.'State'i.f Cai.vJ Pan Diego & Way Pts. Feb, 1
'L'mat'ila j Puget &ot«id Ports! .. ..IHflb. 1
\>ntura •■5»-dney & Way Ports.'. IFeb.' .1
Arctic. l.."... ;HuroboIdt ..jFeb. 1
'Bon'iR. '.:... j-Newport A Way Portt.'. Feb. 2
* ChO;d: .•. . . „ . JCoqullIe River Feb. . 2
Porilona Humboldt ... Feb. 2
' Romo.' Tolnt Arena & A.oion.. Feb.. 2
"Qaos Ray..". .,| San Pe<?ro & Way Pts.. Feb.- 2
•Del Xorte. '...•■ Crescent City . .- Feb. 2
■j Memphis Hamburg & Way Pts. | Feb. 3
I G. I-tndauer. - Gfays 'il?jbor Feb. 3
L Mariposa Tahiti ' Feb. • 3
I City Kara New York via Panama. Feb. 4
Oregon. .'. .... 5 Portland & Astoria Feb. 4
•. N'iwbure. . . •'. I Grays Harbor Feb. 4
|'*Polnt Arena..; Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Feb. 4
f i »santa lxosa... San Di'Ka & -Way Pts.. f'b- *
* Chehalig... ••...' Gray? Harbor • Ir'eb. 4
,j»,rcata . # ... .."... |, *-*oos Bay tc Pt. Oxford. IFeb. 5
C'oiTma*.'. .'..••• riumboldt ; JFeb. 5
Queen...,.*. ... Pugej Sound- Ports. •• ..IFeb. 6
',,Sant» Cruz...' Newport & Way Ports. IFeb. 6
Centennial.... Seattle .fc Tacoma. .....] Feb. 7
T»xan»... ... . New Tork via o 7
Sequtjlti. ..*... Grays Harbor IF«a. .7
S. Barbara.... Ti Seattle 4 C.ympla Feb. fl
lftera ..... |S;»ttle- Feb. 9
G. W\ Elder. .Portland & Astoria Feb. 9
San Jose JNew York via I'inama . |Feb. 10
i .TO SAIL. •
Steamer. o J Sails. I Pier.
February 1. I I
Arcata.....". Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 4»>m|PIer 13
Corona Humboldt l:bOpPler U
S. Crus Newport & Way..". 9 am Pier 11
February 3. ' °
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Korea. « China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Empire.*... Cops Bay direct..! 4 pm Pier 13'
i ' .February 3. . I <■
Eliiab-th... Coqulll'*' River f IS pm Pier 20
North For^. Humboldt ..»» 5 pm Pier 20
Rival ■».• Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
Euieka....: Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rainier | Seattle & Whatcom * rnn Pier 10
laqua Humboldt ? h imIPier 2
* i February 4. I |
Pr«-no 'm ■ PI* Arena & Albion; 6 4)m|Pler 3
State Cal... Pan Diejto & 9 am Pier 11
Pomona iF^mboIdt |l:30p!Pier »
Arctic. Humboldt ". ...I 9 amlPier 2
r ebrnary 5. I . : I „
Coos Bay.?.' Pan Pedro & Way. 0 am rirr 11
Unaatilla Puget Hound > Ports 11 am Pier 8
Chlco Coquille River..... 6 pm Pier 2
a February S. | . 1 „ -
Newport.... N.. Y. vl« Panama. 12 m'Plec 40
Newbure... I^Jra>-3 H?;»K>r. . . . . . 4 pm Pier 10
PI. Arena.... Vt. 1 Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance....* Eureka & Coos B.. '•.«•. Pier IB
February 7. | .-I
Curacao.... Mexican Ports #0 am Pier 1-1 I
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24 ,
* ■ i ■ February 10. (
Gaelic. •.,.. China & Japan. «... .1 pm]Pier 40
Queen...".. Puret Sound Ports 11 amlPier 9
Sequoia?...- Grays Harbor. 1 *... 4 pm t"g:r 2
•February 11.
Mai'ipona... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Ventura..*. Sydney & Way Ptn. 2 pm Pier T
*FROM SEATTLE.
i,» Steamer. * Fur. - I Sails.
I'f'.'.rigo. . -....* Skagway &. Way Por»i.fjan. 30 ,
Kxcelalor..... Ctooks Inlet & Way Fits. 1FA.! l!
Dolphtn Skagway & Way Ports.lFeb. 4
J. Dollar V»»ldcx & Way Ports.-. IFeb. IS
Al-Ki....,, Sl&gway & Way Port?:|Feb. »
Valencia-;..... Rkagway & Way Ports»Feb. » 5 '.
Bertha.'*... Cocks Inlet & Wny Pt«-,|Feb. 10
Eanta A'n«..f. ■ Cooks Inl<^ fc Way PttT.lFeb. 10'
Sun, Mooifancl TJde.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time, and Height of Hirh and Low waters
. at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. n
MOVE — The i.'eh and low waters occur at
tin* city front O-'ireicn-strcet wharf) about 25
minutes IMer than at Fort P.oint; the heisht
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 1.
Pun rises '.". ................. .7:14
Hun s*ts 5:.T3.
Moon rises O:QP p. m.
D ITimel [Time ' Tlro-| Tlmel •
p Ft. Ft. -I Ft. 1 Ft.
? .:\h w In w l -vy| h \y|
1 I 4::w| 2.4:10:421 0.21 B:27]— l.O 1 .....!.....;
|II WJ IL W |II Wl IL Wl -•
2 rt:2Gf r,.2f -2.3 11:33: «.1f «:«t|— O.7,
:s i:o» r».:i «:iit 2.0 12:2* 5.7 «:5* —<>..-<'
4 1 V.4.'»l 5.4! 7:13 l.xj 1:2:; 5.2 7:40 o!2-
C I 2:27| 5.fi! S:17 1.7|2:27-4.S 8:26| 0»i
« I 3:0S| 0.51- 9:201 •.. 1.6| 3:«t| 4.4) 9:12| 1.5
NOTE— In.ihe above exnonltlon of the tt*i«*s :
the oarlv morriins tides. are Riven In the left'
hand column and the successive i tides o{ the;
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the;
fourth time rnlumn elves the last tide of the'
day, except when there are but: three tides., as
sometimes occur*. , The heljchts clv-n are in
addition 10 the soundlnirs of the United' States 1
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sisn precede* the height, , and' then the number'
given Is subtracted from the depth Riven by.
the charts., Tl:e plane of reference is the mean
of the lower -low waters.
KNIGHTS MEET
IN CONVENTION
a • 1 * o
MembersT of a ./Roman Catholic
• Organization Have an Im-
' o'portant Scssioir in .Fresno
PABAD^ dX.-'THE STREETS
Interesting Programme of-Ad
dresses an^l an • Initiatory
* Cer o emony Among Features
Sp«clal Dispatch to The Call
FHBSNO, Jan. 31.»-A council of the
.Knights of 'Columbus, an order of the
Catholic church, was institutci
°irf thi.s city to»day. More than 200
visiting member?* are here and- the day
has been one that will be memorable
*!n the Catholic" church circles of
Fresno. :*^ '<■
A special train. of four T?ulimans ar
rived over the Sasria Fe about 7 o'clock
this morning, bringing 150 members
from San Francisco" and Oakland, in
charge of Grand Knight Connelly of
the metropolis, ana' Grand Knight Me
[ Elroy of the latter place. Shortly after
ward another special arrived over the
Southern .Paciflf jfrom' I.os Angeles,
bringing about seventy-Sve rr^>mbP r s
of the Los* Angeles and Oxnard coun
cils. .
The ceremonies began at 8:30 o'clock
with a FtT-eet paradrv the visiting
knights and .the local candidates for
knighthood foXovring in line behind the
Sixth Regiment band and marching up
Mariposa street to St. John's Church,
p where map.s. was celebrated by the as-
I slstant pastor, thi Rev. Father G. G.
Frund, who has. been a prime mover in
organteing the Icnal council. During,
the service a fine musical programme
was a£ndered by a specially augmented
•choU" and orchestra:
At 11 o'clock the sermon of the day
wa3 delivered by the Rev. Joseph P.
MdQuade. State chaplain, and an im
pressive .programpae arranged under
the supervision of the JRev. BI. McCar
thy* was gjven. *At 1 6'clock the initia
iory eeremonieij began. The degree
\vbrk was exemplified by the Oxnard
degree team, 'and^sixty Catholics from
Fresno and [the surrounding towiis be
• came member's of the -order. John A.
Neu, formerly president ofthe Fresno
County Chamber of Commerce, was
choseh grand knight of the council.
. The most favorable auspices attend
ed the institution "of _ihe new council.
If. begins with a strong membership
and includes many of the most promi
nent men of th*e city.
° 'After the initiatory .ceremonies vrsse
over .there was a banauet • at % the
Hughes H.otel, many speeches being
siade and the success of the new coun
cJl being toastedl frequency.
•CLARIS '.DETECTIVES' • " '..
--' ARE* PERSECUTING] HEJl!
• . ; . . • - ; j
Woman's Strange Actions 'at.ihc Tal
. ■ t 'ace Causes. Suspicion That" Tier
; Mind Is Unbaliyiccd. %•';
A. stylishly dressed, o mlddle-aged'wo
man, reg"isteriij.g as "A^rj?. Gallivan,
city," secured -an apartment- at the
Palace JJ.otel portly after . midnigh't
yester^j^ 1 and an h'oiir -later she
aroused a neighboring guest; to whom
she prpceeded to tell her troubles, the
burden *of which ; wa^ an alleged perse
cution ' by; detectives. Calling the
lodger out of. his rooms the woman said
she was being fdllowed by a man, who
had disguised himself by blackening
his face. . • .
Realizl:og that the woman was lssane
or laboring under sonK: great excite
ment, her unwilling acqiP-iintance sug
gested that she carry her troubles
down to the r.ipht clerk and" she
promptly followed his advice. Her anx
iety was seemingly, allayed by the as
surance given her by the hotel at
taches that she would not be molested
during her stay there, and she flna'ly
returned to her room, ■'i'herc she re
mained quietly until early yesterda;:
morning. ,-.: ; y
She then to the Russ House,
where she engaged a room, but ~Nj>he
had not been there long before she be
gan to complain of the annoyance oi'
detectives. The clerk, after much talk,
persuaded her to leave the hotel and
as she was departing she turned to the
clerk and rema?4ced that a detective
would soon be there searching for her
and she proposed. to return and meet
him.
The womark appeared to- be highly
cultured, but mentally unbalanced.
She said she'resided on Bush street.
The B'jueficcncla • Company of San
Francisco. . j \
ORGANIZED MAY. 1»00.
TO THE PUBLIC!! BEAVARK OF L'OU.V
fERFEITS!t. c All genulnr 0 tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R. G. Co." on faces and
monogram ','R. G. C' on backs* thereof. Fol"
Rowing are the^ capital *?lzes as decided by
cl o i Keneflcencla Publlca. Co., . Thi'-sday, Janu
ary 28, 1904: No. 107S? wins $750o. sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No D VilWl wins $2500, eold In
San Francis~o, Cal. ,■ No. 7602 wins $1250. sold
In San Fr&tciseo. Cal.: No*. 31(159. ."1043,
2923J, C7"08 nnd 77C05. each wtas J125. sold In
San Francisco and Bakersfleld, Cal.
This comnany paid to.WIV' Franzonv.* 1CA
Monfomerj 1 ave.. San -dTat.ctsco, $7500' for
-•holC ticket N". 4G232, dated Jan. in, 1904' to
xj. A. Gellr/ly. Taylor, Shanta Co., Cal.. »b*<.Vj
.'or one-haii ticket No. 10114, plated Dec. 24.
i903; to Frank Okinla. .VR Mason st.,.San
Francisco, <1250 for one-half ticket No. 6i716,
wm« date; to Sam I* Beary. <or A. Kawan
| mura, Portland, Or., $025 for one-half ticket
,'No. 141(1 . tame date. . • •
, All nrlrti of this company are paid In full
Immert lately en nresentation at the office of
the pomrany In Sivi Francls < ->. ■ ■■ ■
$10.(100, reward will be. paid to any person
who has e\tr Dreaented one of our ori*^ at
fcle office and war: refused payment. • •" ■•
The Jug Tr/»de Extensive.
vvnen the railroads put'*jn special ex
press trafnji f oi« the purpose o£ accom-
( emodating the Jug»rade in "dry towns"
.•prohibition"- and. local option b$ir the
hije of fallure.* & Perhaps never in the
ghistory of «ie country were t|»re so
many jugs of whisky; shipped through
out the country^as passed 'over the rail
roads during the six days preceding
Christmas.— Molilic Item. *
' THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
»■ "^ February, 1904.
S." M. y I AV. ] T. F. S. 1 Jlocn's Phases
■1 2 .3 4 b: 0 /."^ Full Moon
__ 7 . * 8 ~ *10~ "u" "l2* "IT La^t Qr /
14 >15 16 17 ; 18 ISC '20
. . I i _. . J* ew Moon
21 '22 23 24 25 26 27 **** Feb. 18.
— n: • -^ First Qr. ■"
BAILWAY TBAVEL
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L«av« r Ti» Sisatliti ftrrj Arrive
Saa Franthco Ttt *t ttortot H > San FrancJac* '■
\Veek S«n- - ■i'lBL'r/, San- I Week
n*}T±_ days days Da^^
•U.fl3i»S:oo A m&SKSM$£>\, ia:«)5p 10:401
•l:45r »:O»a HMSHMbBII' 1:3S* 2:S»r
ftxlftp 1O:O»a «^SSV S.'Bftr r.-.nor
...11:00a «:5Op »:»•,
*toasst-rltiit»ptr M-— ta< TlllsV fc-af
TICUT , I 624 MAJturr ST^(Nortb Shore Railroad)
■ •fflOB J aad Saosauto Faaar, Foot Market St.
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
City of- Mexico, J^n., J?8, 1904.
Xo. ° Prize. | No. Prize.! 2>'o.' J»rizr.
f3 . »1»K) . .89 »20 .273..... »40
3".^ -0 o 413...... 40 •538...'.. 20'
744 40 811 .? 20. '819 20
>S61 20 ■. ail.«... o 20 . S«51 '10O
£060.;..'. .40 & 10"«...\. lOtV 132;?..*... .20)
1338 -20 1359.:.... 2f»| 1373../.. 40 I
1409. ... 2VJ 1428 20! 14S4 20
1540. >... 20| 169S; t«)0i*rr45..«... • 20
1774 2Q,i i78» o .3... 20.1813 2i>
19<ji>. ... V0I 207T . . .o . 20 20S0 20
2123 . '20|2173 20.2474 40
;i515 200 2«C2.e. .. 40 2716..... 40'
2830 100 2835 200 2066.".... 40 I
3010 J00 3O4."» 20013614 20
3(i33._... 20 3C07.9... 20 1 3839 20
S001..:. n 20 3908 '. 20! S934 ' 100 i
:'.!>e.i 20 S9so..... 40 4005 20
4C50 -40 e o .
4121.,... 20 4270..... "20 4357..... 40
4Si!9. . . . . . 20 4773 40 481? 20
4HS4 "100 5019 40 5268-...'. .20
5325 20, .'.457 200 »3592." 20
B. r >fi5 • *0l 5725.°.... 40 5737 500
f>750.... 4015787 20 57»7 20 f
5StO 20! 0K7«. . . . t • 20 60S* 200 i
6171 40! tJlSB.. ... 20 6255.... . 20 1
(i;t2... e . 20 «;«40 20 B8S0 40'
70r.0....c. C 1W>I 71^7 20p«Si ' 20'
7302 4<>j°739. r » .20 74ZJ....1 -200
7600 o »0 7CG2 20 76S2....'. '500
T6S8..:.. 20 7692.. .. .100001 8027 20
S032 20 S0«7 201 8101 '• .40.
S4232 20.8341 100 8383 -.20
844S... i . .100!- S617 20 8652..-.. 40
SS47 20| 'Jl43 20^9215...... 20
9233 40! H244 ...... • 20 930« "20.
9e*T5.o., 0 . 20 9712 »40 9S21 .20
9883 20 9802..-.. 40 TO2S..;.. 20
10045 . . . / • 40:10195. ..... 500
£0216 4O|1O221 -. 100:10468. .'. .. 40
KXiCS 40110710 100;i07."Ji 40
10782 60000; 11190.°. 100|112r.» 40 1
J1321...V. 20 1137Q.V..S .• 20 1.1421 . 10<»
"I14K0 2011489 \ 40lll504 500
11744 4O!117«7.....'* 20JU?7.'i 20
11S07 100111881...:. lOOil-1949 40
119S5 40*12086 * .40il2O62 ■. 40
12256 20112421 20U2563 40
12S49 . 2O'l2S77. .... • 20 1322» 20
132(50 ° 100:13404. i>... 20 13534. ..... 40 •
13756 °°. 20 1383* -40 13931 4(1
13984 100 14K3:;-..;' 201429«...:. 20
144C7 20!l4531'..r.; 2(>'l4542 ■ 20,
145»i2 100'1503!: 201-152O2;...-. 40 |
15273..... o20:io35>. • 40115480. :.•."., 20
15617 ° 100ir,692 20011575ft 20
1T.7S2 40J158SS 200U589B 20"
»:.W34 • 2OM5945T.... • '40116157.,.. . 100
16361 320I16S48 40'16SS9. . .>. . ' 20
I69S3 o . . . . 20'170U » 20'i7077.. 100
17257 ° 40 17270 .«. .... 20I17452...* ... 20
1^73 10017738 • 40U78K6. ...'.. 40
18067;:...°° 40I1823S 4n|l82»7 ' 20!
18479..... 20I1S520. .;.. 20ii8642 20!
18683 - 40 18744. 40118776... '^; 20 j
18783 20 19008./... C0I19027 40,
1902S:.. 0 .. 40 19078.. «... '20119115 20
19301 O4-0UH3S0. ?...„• 20,10381..:... 40
19423. , 0 .. 2O!li»473...«. •• ,20il9559... ..' 40
19597..*.. O 40i20322 20120359 20
70128 o 20120471 20:2OP'4«'. .... -20
207S8 >'20*200M CJOOI209C1 40!
209i8 40|?109l 2f»,21399 40
21493..... O 20l21625 20!21«29 100 |
21717.,... 20121749..... • 40|2l'i"67. ~. .'. 20
22017 20122078' * 20J22189. : ... 40
22195 -a 20122255...°.. -20122322 20 I
•&1& 40)22494. «... 201'22788'. . . . . • 20
22832 40122852........ 100;22S76. ..... -20
22879 40122952..... 20* • ., *»
22086 40I230O4 40|23-100:.... 40
23112 20l232t!»6..... S(* S3252. ...'. ' 20
2325G 20123412.... . » 40123419 40
23574. .... 40123633. ;. .*. . 40123680 '40
2372S 40i 23801... «... 40(23872...!.. 20
24086 100124135 * c 40!24289 ... 500
2433K 20!24636. c 40124667 20
24PS7 20125106. .... . 40125148. .". . f" .20
26160.7,*.': 20125298 ..'...' 40I2533S .'.:..• 100
25339 200I25352,, t '40|254 42. .".«.. 40:
25457 100j£K545...... *20i25581 20
25«Sr.....» 1OOJ2572B • 2025786. ...... 20
2589S 10125972 ! 40,25990 ... 20
26038..;.. 20126199 .... . 20126298. .*...' 40
26364...;. .20!2t>-»ai 1001266"/) • »>
SSJO77 100;2fllr»9... . 20I2CSIJ9...... 100 '
2fiO40 2OJ2721O.... •. 2O|V75O1 >,..'.-.' 40.;
27532V.-..-; ' 40127662 20!27<SS6..:.j 20 j
27701 .... 100 27736 40 278«>....! . 40" !
27S70 40;27S91 , 20 2S5V...V. 40
&>325. ... ' 40;2832,n.«. ...■ . 40
28552. .... 1«h) 1 2S < > )58 I 1W|?«572. . .'. .* 20»
2R00*.... ' 20120000...... 20120039. ...-. 100
20102 . 500129233 l(M)Oi29272. ,%..°* 40a
29421 20|20573...-. 20 : 29fil3 20
296S9 20129790 2(i|29910 ?•. 20
30001 . 20!30Oi6 20J30115..... 20
R024? "20|rf05.M ' 2013O77t i . ctO
3094K . 4O;ilO39 40|3114»..:.*.~ 40
31214... . 20131361 20131546 20
31654 20J31659.. .. 10OOJ3177O.;... 20
S1RS6 20 31895 40^31968 1000
32036 t>O0l32045 20)32047 20
32083 20J32191 40)32357 40 r
32412 20132417 40!32452 40 |
30(523 20I32G90 20)32801 e. 9 20i
32821 ... 201^2824 20139849 •> 100
V>irt!» ... 20l;l3C9l 40J33187. . .! .' 40
S.1274 40133316 ?fl:3*«5«. .'. . , B 100
S.1503 100)33580 l«X>[33rt01 40
33011:.'.". 20'33KU 20:33794..... '20
34033 ... 2ui34113 40!3415«. a .* . . 20
34197!.... 20 34210 -0OT34534 200
34607.. -. 40?<C72 20135035. *20%
35122..'... JO35232..... 20|:«B83:....,* 40
Sr^O-'J 41X35599 . . . >. 401K5704 . . : j . . *40
35767. ... 20:36770 200135785 20
35S7? 2013587T 20|360«A. 20
3CO5,i 1OO3«O7;< 40 36178 .• 40
3B19S • .. 20 36778..... 20 36Si)« ...... 20
3695.".... £0 36968 100 37082 s . .. .« 100
371'J4 Is
87°:« ... 100137278 20137287 20
37308 ionn'37441..:.. 20 3749S..^... 3 20
.17528 40|375S2..-. . 1OOJ37761 20
37760 10037877..:.* 20J3S322. .?. . 2OO
38370. 20 88SM. «-.".? 20;384»»8 20
3SM0 20138817 20(39052 • 20
r!9005 ' 40129158... ., 40;3{)1Sm...'.. 40
392" 1..... 40 39245 40IWli7 3 40
3034 1 . . 40 .TO37* *20 M376 100
39504 .:.. 20 3959 *" ."• .'2C. I 39007 * 20
39706 20 39731 ..-•-. 40!39793 . . . 20
•{0874 • 100 30908 ' 20140127 40 J
40241 20 40468 /JO 404 SO 20
40593 40 40627 40 4C63£ 20
40065 100 40721..:;. 40 4080s.... J 40
40828 20 40829 4O ! .'«.09O4.... : 20
41006 2041023 20 »1S<- 40
41917 20141275 300 41202 20
4\,34.... . 2011524 20 4UK0 sW
41K05.... 100418.84 .. ' 40|Vi9l!i. . '. . . 20
42(125 .! 100 42333....".- 20U2462
42505 20 42583...-. 2C 12714 40
42738..... - 20U2810 20l4285<y 20
4"924 ... " 20A3C2? 2C- 43031 40 |
43008 ... 20M316i» 20:43222 '200
43571." ' 20,3690. ...*. 40'-^71f> 20
43727 2OI43914..'... 20=K>fl9l. ; .^. . s 40
440.V; 40 44176 ' . 20 44424 20
44517 *to!44nirt» 20 44725. .... 2ft'
44S45 20-45077..:.: 200 4531?. 20
45546..".. . 2OJ4565I.. .'. 4 r .45«M» 20
45668 • 20 45690.. 1.. 200 4r>S*42 20
45848 ... * 20146037..... ■2r.4fiO6<V 40
460P3 20 46104 20J4C123..3.. 20
46127.. . 20 46131 20J4R145 20
4e221.'... .20 46231*.... 20I4C242.. . .. 20
46S19 20]4(>*4rt -10 4t:At3. .. . . 20
46567..... 20.46612 » 20 46773 20
4C9.11 4047124 '. 40|47307 20
4745:5 40'47535 20|4754»t.'.'..V 40
47690 2047915.;;.. 20 47969 40
47!)S7 2014801.1 o 100 ! 4S01I) . 20
48055 .V.-E-. 4OI482S4 100 '48399 "40
4S7&7.. .. ?0U8838 40 48903..*. 40
4rm..'... J.tJ49O4S 4049155 20
45»275 ■■• 20!lC»S2 100:4!)6:l. r >. . . • 20
4963B.. ... 20U9C9V?.... 140 40727.:... 20
49019..... 20 19053..... 20;4WS1.... # . 40
r.oon? 200 r.oo9;>. .... 2O!'oi6i . • . . »ioo j
50176 4o!r.o2r!9 • 20 5ocav;;:. 20
50333..... 40J50393..... ,20 5052™. 20
50645..... ®40 50774..... 20'5093S. . .. . 500
609P* 200150992. • . , m 40'51040. .... 40
M2lft..... 20.51281 ..... 40151307..... 20.
51324 40|.-170«.... 100151959....* ICO
r»20;*rt..... 40 5205?..... 20I52149.' 40
52239 100 52417...... 20IE2664..*.. :20 !
r»2"iO3..;.. •' 40 53025..... 40;Ki090. 40 i
fiSl'S..... 1OO5.'5174 l«0i5.'U77.. ... 20
!32rS.'.... 20)53261 20153489.^.. 40
rt8497..«. -41>T>3535 4 20 '53731 4<»
53840..... 20 53802.,... A 20;54010.t. ... 20
M035. . . . . 40 54105. . . » 40 54403. .... 20rt
M438 '10O54300 40,54010 2O
5.'.1?5 . '■ 20-55225. .... 20:55264. . . . . ■ 20
554s. .... wotrumo. . . . . 4o!r>5. r iio.-. . . 2«>
.1552R 2OMB41 20BM92.:.-. 40
C.9S0..... 201 5C0V •'•'••• 2O:r.61O7 "40"
50201..... 40:5H3."-< 10056496..... 20
r,(»43 20156713..... -100j5(5726. . . . . 40
•W845..... I0OT.8990 ,40|5713«.. ... . UK)
r.7201 .2'»'572:t': 100:57353 20!
5741 1 ... . , iO0(ri"46O . 40:57526 . 20 !
fi7»;22 T ' ■*'20'57702.:... 40157786 . 100;
r.7SK!..... 10O|5707'...... 100I5S039. .. . . 20 !
SSOfiS :..•.; 4O:581SK> 40!58?.14..... -20
5S378... .. 40158569 . 20| "
TvST.SR . -'" 20i5SC*» 2O'.1R00O. .-..." 20
W«V4."». 20\"iR»7H 4Oi59364.rr.. '■' 2O
R93S0 : ICO! MV4S7.. ;;.'.' 20 50*4S. .-.'.. ' 40
r>9i;o:j.. ... 4"!r.9C6s 2059712..... -20
«»7Cfl.V.ii. 20 6992B 20 j 59081 20
♦;(X>30 . 50«;60C81 40C0258 20
«O26<5 .■...;- 40 60.157 20|60750. . . . . ' 40
»:0822 ""20160845.".... 100,61079. 20
f.ll27..... KiOJ 61203....: 20 61301..... ' 40
81H02..V.." 40!6160.'{.. .. . 40 61O1O. V. .. 4<»
«172t..... 20(61749... .t 20,6175!)..... 20
U1S27.V.;. 40|620H'i !K>j6-J3C0. 1(X>
H2391..... 40lfl2.".J»r.... . 20162457 4<>
62494..... 20' 62501 2O(«2ra3 40
62663.'. ... 40 62870. .... 4CI62905 - 20
»!2944...... 20C299C. 20 63220.;... 40
63350..... '40,03417. "100J6.T131.:... 40
63513... .. '- 20IU3K54..... 20|C3696 20
H3744...... 20 0375S ,4O'6382» . 2O
638S4...;. 40 84185...... 201 64.187 ..... 2O
C4527..'. ... 20 «45S9 -40:64618. . . . . . 40
W902. .... 20104018 40 04921 • . 20
64940.....' • 20|fi5P24.. 20 65122.;..: 40
«ol37 . 2065163..... 20;65l«9 .,-20
€5179. ... . 20 C52S2 20 65^34 .20
«5041. . ... .20 «5C«V. . . . . 20 65750 — '. ... 20
(issir...... 4olnr>S2o. . . . . ' 4o|oooo6... :. 20
K6O4O.V.:. 2o;68125 40 6«133. ...'.. 2f»
(5(5225 '20 86311... V. 2OO;«635» : 2O
C«i*5.I.. .-..." 40 Hf.723..... 20166034... 20
67022.;... 2Olr.7llS..... 201671t52 100
f>7164..... > 4n!6735«. . . . :. 40 67378..... ,20
073X5.;... 20i67502..:..' 10OJ67615. ;..".;, . 40
C7625..... - 40167716/. .... 20:67735..... -20
67757;.... 200!6778O..... •200J67S42. '....' 20
67950...... ' 10O!flSO7«..'... 40;&S118. . .".. 10O
63212...;. _ 2O16S279..... ; 100;6S43i.."... - 20
!*>?-• -Prize ! No. ', Prlw.INo: Prlz Ti
68574 -.4OI6W97..... 20€8772 =«
688X8 20I6SS97 40'69!02 .40
63117 100W159 40 60160 2»
693*8.;... 20 60352 40169401 -JO
fi9504 10069750. 10O|69S20 20
«0893..... 50070008 20:70137 *»
70213..°... 200I703OI 40|70378." w
70475...... 20I70R17 100I7057R 4J>
70G64. 2O;7075» 10fti70775 20
71047'. 20)71271 20 7144B 1"«|
71520 ;'*• 200171531 2Oi7ieOO 4O
71K17 £O717»4 20,71932 jj»
71934.:... 2WV72005 20I72075. .. .. V>
72132 • 40)72253. :... 100172422 "0
724SC 2O|72«42..... 2OI72842 2"
72867 '20173173 20 : 73193. ... .200«*>
73212 20j7:m»* 20:70033 *9
73401 20 73521 20| j
73527; .... 40fT3W7 10OJ737C9 £>\
737.:«. 4«j7T7fiy •-•0:73808 * I
,731)83 20 741.I2 2Oii41M 2«H
74213... ■;..' 40742S4 • 2O;7«2l ■ *»
74^15 l(H)74eBO 20 741)79 1™'
75027 100 75105 2O,7.-.160 2j»
75181 ; 40;7f)24l 2Oi7X;07.-. ... 10J>
'75338 • 1007KUD : .40,75531 - M)
75633...... 40;75S*«l 40 75SS4 20
75940:.*.... 20'75J»S5 40.7C10H.'. ... 2»"«»
76135 20-76370 4076KSS.:.. .. 4»
|76SSO.,... 4U:76£tl 20|7»>n7fi 2O.
77161 '. 2O.771RS.;... -20 77205 ° (>
77253..-.. 4O'77i'jf» 40|7737S» *O
77413. 2O|7749«;.... 2OI77515 2«»
77537....". 20 77*03 1000,77652 40
'77739..... 1OO|7775» 4077915 40
77JCO...... 2O77P«r 40J7S023 20
78037 20 78150 40i7?lS3 20
78204.:..-. 207S'- > <»7 20;78214 20
Tft'JuT..:.. 40 l 7S.11O; 2O.7R384 40
786SS..:.. 100,78693 • 2017S957. .... 40
78971:.... 2O'7S991 2t» 7S0OP 4O
79055...:. 2079139...:. 4Oi 79253. ..:. »»
7!l2f>:i.- Iihi T!i.l4« • 2»V 7977,2 20
79S14 • 2079904 40;79963 ■ 40
' .APPROXIMATION PRIZES. •'
100 numbers. 10.7:S2 to 1.0.S32* Inclusive, hainr
fifty numbers' on each aide of the. number draw
ing capital prize of $60,000. sixty dollars (S60V.
»0O 'numbers from 73.143 to 73.213 Inclusive,
fifty numbers en each Btfle of the number draw
ing capital prize of SL'O.OOO. »40.
ICO numbers from 764i to 7742 Inclusive, be
ing fifty numbers' on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10.000.' $20.
. ' ; . TERMINAL. PRIZES.
799 numbers endinz with 82. belnz the last
tfto figures of tho number drawing the capital
prize of. $60,000, $20. • <•_,•>>'-
The' iubscTlbers having supervised tha above
drawing of the Lottery, of the Beneflclencla
Publlca hereby certify that the above is an
exact, copy of the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 80.000 placed in the wheel,
with the prixes corresponding to them.
Witness- our hands at the City of Mexico this
28th day of January. iftfM.
S; JOSE M. DE LA VEGA.
Treasury Department. •
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
C. GARZA CORTINA. Acting Intervenor.
Per JETAN" B. CASTILLO.
»SacSH?,2 i3 El was « *t 5v5*5 i SSKI
1 * c t^ifi&* Bat ' i^BSEskJBd' 1
1 . BAILWAY TBAVEL. •
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO fl
LBAVES DAILY , |
at 0:30 a. m., thronsrh in 3 dajs, I
with diner aad all trapping*. u
Ba"B"Sa9V3*a"fc9*^S*TC3a*e*S8BBDBES&Bs*G9*"^"^^a
fJ: ■!■.'■>-;©■'*
t \ Other Saata ra Trains r .» ■ ,
\l'ln K ' m '\ *«■ Stockton. 'Fresno. Bakermfleld.
I 4:00 p. rn. for Stockton.
'8:00 p. ra. for .Kansas City, Grand Canyon *nd ;
i '(thlcago.
TICKET OVT1CES — 641 Market St. and
* rtrry Depot, 8* T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 27 Sontn Tlrct
I St., San "Jose. »_ |
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
»* IjBSSHB
SAN FRANCISIO ANu NUKTH PACIFIC
BAZZiWAT COMFAHY.
Tlbnron rerry. root of Market Street.
SASr TBAXrCZSOO TO SAX BATAXXt.
*IV*EEK D»\YS— 7:?,O, 8:00. ll:0O a. m.: 12:33.
.$3:30, &:lo. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, 'rip
' at 1-1:30 d. m.
8aV.jrdays— Extra trip at 1:00 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30; 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
0 '6:OO. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAK*BArAEZ.' TO SAW 7BANCISCO.
| WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:30. 9:20. 11:15
* a a. m.: 12*30. 3:40, 5:0O, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:33 p. m
8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a.m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:65. B:05, fl:25 p. m.
• L«ave I In Effect j Arrive
San H;ranclsco.| Sept. ,27. 1903. [San Franciaco.
Week I Bun- I '„ I>stlna- I Sun- I ■Week"
Para. I days. | tlon. j days. | Days.
7:30 a 8*00 a • 9:10 a 8:40 a
t 9:30 a lenaclo. , 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p * « •> " 6:05 p 6:20 p
B:10p 5:00p *, "> 7j35 pf
*/:30a.»»" t &:10a 8:40 a
[S:00a ♦Xov'ato.. £ 10:4Oa 10:20*
3:30 p] 0:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
. 5 :10 p' a :30 p and c j 7 :33 pi
, | 6:00 p <Santa Rosa. | ]"
*7:30a " ■ f ■ 10:40alO:20»
8:00 a f Fulton, o 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p »
I Windsor.
8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 ft 3:30 p Geyservllle, J 7:33 p 6:20 p
s^ Cloverdale. (
I. 7:30 jfl 8:00 a! Hopland . 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:3upl t 3:30p| gand Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
+~j?P*\ 8:00 a| Wllllts. |?:35p|6:2Op
7:S0al 8:00 al . :> Tld:40 a|10:20 a
3 :3O p| 3:30 pf Guernevllle. I 7:35 p| 6:20 \,
>*f30 F >i| 8:00a| Sonoma.', i &:10a| 8:*0~a
6:10 pi 5.00 p| Glen Ellen. { 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al J10:40 a|10:20 a
_3:30p|_3:30_p|__JBeb«stopol : |_Trj35_pl 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for~San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for Whlta Sulphur
Springs; at Pulton for Altruria and Mark >V»st
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnga; at Gey-
-erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale foi
the Geysers, Boonevtlle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Spring', Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprin??. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
P«U Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly*a
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvitie, Orr"i
Hot PprCigs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
westport. Usal; at Wllllts /or Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Layton-
vill», Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris. yj\.
sen'r. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •_■
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. P.TAN,
i Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
■~~~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZAJ)ERO, Etc.
*rta Sangalito Tmj.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San KraacUco Daily— 7:00. o:W>.
0rw> 10:00. 11:<X) a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13.
5 : 15* 6:15. ":OO. S:45. 10:20.- 11:43 p. m.
fc-ROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:23. 0:35, -7:10. 8:33. 0:35. 11:05 a.
in.. 12:20. 1:15, 2:53. 3:43. 4:45. 5:45. «:45.
8:45. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 0:45,^ Ct55. .7:52. 8:55, 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:05.
7:05,- 9:00,-10:33 d. • m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:0O a. m. dally— Caiadero and. way stations.
5:in p. m. week days tSaturdaya excepted)—
Tomaies and . way; stations. . .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ■', : - iV". ■-.-/" * '
Sundays 'only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyei - and
xray f\.»t\an*;*Amm^tmmmaa^mgUSlfiB,
TICKET - OFFICE— «26 Market at.
•'' FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market tX.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
Of 80 Head of Sound. Heavy Draft
,- and Driving Horses and 20 Head
of Large JIares.
Suitable for Ranch Work, on
MONDAY. February 1. at 11 o'clock.
At ELLIS-ST. STABLE. 615 ELLIS ST.
! Tha above stock i» all In good conilti^n.
I he» -y . benefj ami btocky built, weight from
I 11C« to 1600. from 5 to i» years old. thoroughly
I broken. This la an opportunity seldom .1-
fered to purchaser* to get this class or tor<>°s
direct from the ranch, where they worked up
to the plght cf January £S. and If you want
B»wh horses at your own pri«es don t fall co at-
tend this sale, as they must and will be sold
to the highest bidder.
WE WILL ALSO SELL
10 head cf K"od work mules, several sets of
single and double h.irneM nnd 2 spring wagons.
1 surrey (almost new) and a nun ]n e , r _?i T^*J t *'
buzsies. «tc. o. »>ATis.I>3.
Phon e East 743. ■ '■
■fe HFTB CONSIOSMENT fe»
..Auction Sale.. "
—OF—
100 Head of Mares and
Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 1200. Consigned from
the Churchill C.o.'f. J. F.. C. B- and D. ranche*.
Treka. Elsklyou County.
To Be Sold Monday, Feb. I, 1904,
At 11 A- M.. at
Salesyards. 1732 Market St.. cor. Van JJes« mr%.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
LlTestock AucUoneers.
"^ ' -- *~
SAVE YOU BEE3C TO THE ATJCT103
SALES ROOM?
wszxz?
AT 19 TTTXK ST.. STBAK MASXXT.
Where you can buy everyihlnr. seU anythlnr.
exchange anythtair. turn old goods Into cash;
or. if yoo have a store or business cf any kind.
'1st It with us and *• will find a customer for
you. Our Methods— Prompt Service, Cout-
teou< Treatment. Honest Dealings. OuLsld»
Auctloneerlrgr of all kinds attended to. A.
H. AXDERgQN. "The Auctioneer." Prop.
DON'T FORGET THE BIO AUCTION SALB
of horses, wagons, carts, bugyies. stxrreys. and
peddling wagons and all kinds of single and
doublo harness, TUESDAY. February 2. at
1140 Folsom at. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
jr* AUCTION SALB at ARCADE HORSB
MARKET 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAT. February 3. at 11 a. m.. I will sell a
lot of all-purpose Horses and Marer all mood
workers and good horses. Every horse must b«
S3 represented or mon*y refunded. " •:'' _
JOUN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
" } BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
1 rains leave and are «fue t» arrive a*
HAS KKANC1SCO.
(Mala Line, foot of Maritet Street ) .
n>ri — . Fkom r»n»rA»T 1. 1M>4. — juiti
i 7.004 VaesTllle. vriBter*. Ramsey 750?
' - 7.00a Ben!c!», Sauna. Elmirs, aad 3»cr»-
tuento 7.20?
• 740* T»MeJo» U»r*% CHlstogs. S»U
Kosa. Martinez, Sun. Ramon . 820?
UOa Nlles. UTermore, Tracy, Latttrop.
St«clt:aa 7 20>
1.00* Sfiaita Express— (VI* Dmrls).
Wli!t»mt (for Bartlc«K Spriotts>,
f . TTIllows. tFrato. Ued DlafC,
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle.../.. 7.5D>
*00* Carls. Woodland. Knights Laadiag.
MarysTllle, OroTtlie 7-50f
840a Port Costa, Martlnei, AatlocX ~<,'-l-
.'. , . Byron, Tracy. Stockton? Xe-*-
'.-..> man. Los Banos. Me a dot a,
Armoaa. Uaaford. Visa!!*,
PorterrlT'e 4.2^
> t-30* Port Costa, Martlnex. Tracy. Lath*
■ rep. Modesto. Merced. Fresoow
Ooshea JnnctlOB. Uanford.
■ Yiialla^Ba-kersaetd 4St»
1-30* Ktles, S»« Jose, Ll»ermore, Stack-
- . . • ton, (tMfftoa). losr, Sacrsnento,
\ Plseervllla, Mtrysrtlle. Chico,
1 Red Blnff ; ... 4.20f
1 8-30* O»ida!e.#5hlneie. Jamestown. So-
Bora. Tuolamne and Angels 4 29p
9 00*. AUaatfcEzpre«a— Ogdeaandfatt. 11.20*
8.30a Richmond, Martlaes aad Way-
Buttons SSOp
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ojden.
Dearer. Omaha, Chicago. 62Q>
10.00a "Vallejo-... .•: 12.20t>
10-00 a Los Angeles . Pusenger — Port ,
Costa. Martin?*, Byron. Traey. <
Lathro?. Stockton. Merced. / .
Raymond. Freino. Goshen Juac-
i ■ tioo. Baaford. Lemoore, Vlsalls,
Bakerifleid. Los Angeles 7-2Jp
SCO* Havwsrd. 5l'*s and Way S;*tlont. 320r
U-00r SacTsmeatoP.lTer Steawers tii.OUr
SZOr Beaicia, Wtatera. Sacramento,
Woodland. K lights Lundlnj.
MarTiTllle, Ot«Tl!la aad way
sutfoas 1050*
i.JOr Bayward.KllesaadWay Statloas.. 750>
30 r Port Costa, Martin* z. Byroa,
. Traey. Lath rop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno aad Way Star
tloas beyoad Port Costa 12-207
3 30p Manlnes. Traey. 8tocktoa. Lodt... 19.20a
' 4 COr Martlnei.SanKamon.Vallejo.Xapa.
Callstega. Saata Rosa. '... 8-2*14
4.00P X!tei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodi 4.2f>
4.?0r Hayward. Kliet. lrTligtoa. S»aJ tt.SOA
Jose. Ltvcraiore ) ti i.ilA
I. COr The Owl Limited— Xewmsa, Los
Baaoa. Mendota, Fresno, Tolara,
Bakersfl eld. Los Aageles.
Goldea State Limited Sleeper.
Oaklaad to Los Aagele*. for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. * P 8-SlA
I.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20?
tS-SOr Hsyward. NP-j an«l Saa Joi« 723*
ICOr Hay ward. Nll«i and Saa Jose 8.t(U
I.OOr Kattera Express— Ogdea. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louia. Chicago aa4
East. Port Coata. Benlcla. S«l-
soa. Elmira, D»Ti«. Saerameat*.
Rooklla. Aahum, Colfax.
Trnckee, Boca, Reno, Tffada-
worta, Wlanemacca 8.28v
* 8.00» Ttnejo, 4all>. except Suaday.... » 7 ,»•
7.08» Vallejo, 8u«dsy oaly f *••■*'
7.00r Klchmand. Baa Pablo, Port Coita,
r MarUaes aad Way suttoas 112a*
t£5r Oregoa 4k Callforala Express— Sae-
rainento. MaryavtUe. Reddtag.
Portlaad. Paget Son ad and Kast. 1.5 CU
t.10r Bayward, Kites aadSaa Josq (Sua>
dayoaly) II-BOa
COAST LINE cajrt-w Gt-f*).
(Toot of Market Street.)
' 1.16a Sewark. CaatervtUe. 8aa Jo»*. "
Feltoa. Uoalaer Creek. Samta
Cms aa« Way Stattoaa. 6 5S*
t2.15> 9«wark. Cent err tile. Saa Joso.
New Alraadea.Los Ga<os.Feltoa.
\ i: ' Boulder Creek, 9 tnta Cras aid
' Principal Way Buttons tif-SS*
4.tlr Newsri. Saa Jose, LotOfttos tad j t8.SS»
waysutioas I :10 55a
19 SOr Huaters Train. SataHay only. Saa
Jose aad Way Stations. Rnturn- .
I lag from Loa Gtwt Sanday oaty. *7 25 r
'OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
?nm SAKPKAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SU»I>
-tT:15 »:00 11:00 A.*. 100 3 00 S-ISr.X.
*rrem OAKLAm Foot of Broadway — 1»:00 «:t«
t8:03 19:00 a.m. 1200 2 00 403 p.m.
COAST LINE <Broad tiaage).
- *jr*(t>lrd »ud Totr»»«nd Btroeta.)
6.10*. Sao Joae aad Way Stations S.30r
7.00a Ean Joae and Way Buttons 5-39P
8.00a New Almaden (Toes, Frld.. only). 4.1Q*
8 00a The Coaster— Stops oaly Sao Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Botlls-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTllla (coa-
nectfon to aad from Monterey
aad Pacific Grore). Salinas. Saa
' Ardo, Pas* Roblea. Sant* Mar-
garita. Saa Lots Obnpo. principal
stations theaee Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal »taUons
thence Saata B»rOarm,Ssn Bneaa-
■ i- ventnrs, 9auga». Los AaReles... 10-4S»
8.B0a Sin Jose. Tres Ptaos. Capitol*.
Sant*Cruz.Pae!9c6roTe.S*llnaa.
Baa Lnla Ob!»po aad Principal
W»t 8taUoD» ._, 4.10*
10-30* San Jo»« and Way Station*. 120f
11 -20* Santa. Clara. San Jote. Loa Gatos
and Way SUtloa* 7.30*'
130r San Jose and Way Stations 8 JSa
5 COr Df! Monte Express— S»at» Clarice
Saa Jo»<*. Del Moate, Moaterey.
Pacific flr've (connects at 9aaia
Clara for Santa Cruz. Hoalder
Creel: and Narrow Ganace Point* >
-at Ollroy for HolUster. Tres
Plao». at C»«troTille forSallaaa. 12-15*
JJOr Tres Plaos W»» Paasenper.. 10 45a
4 30p Bta ''o««* tnd W»y Stations +3 03*
tSOOr San Jose. (tU 8uuC1ui) Lot '
GAtos. aad Prtaclpal Way 3:> -
tloos (except Suadar) .'. tS 00a
A-ZQr StnJoieandPrlncipftlWayStatloB* 13 43*
t.COr buntet Limited. — >Kedwor>d.-Saa
Joae. Gllroy.Ealtaa«.P*so IU>ble*.
Ean l.ii!» Ubttpo. Saata Bari<»r*.
Los Angelea. Jiemlnc. El Paso,
New Or'.eaas. Xew Tork. Coa-
nects st Psjsro for Santa Crux
snd st Cantrort'.iA'for PadBo
Grore *ci1 Way Stations 7-104
fg .ISr tauMaleo.BcrcsforJ.DelmoDt.8aa
Carloa. 1'edwood. Fair Oalca.
MealoPark. Palo Alto t8«tl*
6 30"> Sun Jrae aad WaySlatloaa..-. 634*
I.OOr P*!o Alto and Way Startonn 1x15*
1 11.30"' booth San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
, Itngame. t»n Mitten. Belmont,
i 8aa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks. '*•->,-.
I Men'o Park, and J'bIo A!t« 9-45P
! «*1-30r MayflcM, Mnnntain View. Sonny-
rale. Latrreace. Santa Clars and
j S»n J«** t9-45f
i •- A for Mornmir. P lor Artornooa. ■• -
iSaaday exeepted- t Suaday oaly.
a SstCTdsj only.
I Stops st all tutloos oa Saad«r.
r*"O3iy tralas stopping at Vaiencli St. sontitwnai
• re6:10*.x..7:00*.M^ll:aO*.M..3:»r.M..*:3aFJI.»l(l
1:00 JUk.SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE COURTS AND THE POLO FIELD
VAMPIRES BEAT
ALBION ROVERS
Wearers of Bed, White and Blue
Score One Goal Against the
Visiting: Team From Alameda
LOSERS PLAY KEEN GAME
Many Spectators Watch a Fine
Match of Association Foot
vball at Idora Park, Oaklaud
In an interestlnj: and keenly contested 1
game at Idora Park. jOakland. yester- j
day afternoon the Vampire association j
football team defeated the Albion Rov- !
<-rs 2 coals to L The ball was kicked j
off at 2:40 p. m., C. W. Irish beir.i? tbe I
referee. After some back and forth i
play, in which the Albion Rovers held !
their own, the Vampires obtaitied a cor- j
cer kick, from which L<>ps planted the j
ball right in front of goal, another of j
the forwards putting it between the
posts. Toward the end of the first <
period the Vampire forward kicked the |
ball into the month of the goal, but I
Hosford saved it. A second kick re- j i
pulled in a goal. The first period end- ;
ed. Vampires 2 goals. Albion Rovers 0. I
Early in the second period the Albion i
Kt/vers scored a goal from a long kick |
dowa the fi^Jd, Alrth making a poor ef
fort to save. The Vampires put the
ball icto the net a third time. In the
latler part of the second period John,
captain of the Albion Rovers, who, in
company with Gillchrest, had been
playing an excellent- game at back,
went into the forward line, Duquesne
taking the position vf left back.
The Albion Rovers were unable to
score again and the match ended 3
goals to 1 in favor of the Vampires. A
large number of spectators watched
the game and frequently applauded !
the good play. The grass <,n the field |
was long and po slippery that the play
ers fell frequently. The Albion Rov
ers played their regular team, but the
Vampires had a new man as outside
right, who acquitted himself well. For
the losers Duquesne. Bradley, Mathie
son and the two fullbacks rendered ex
cellent service. The teams lined up "as
follows:
Vampires. I'ositions. Albion Rovern. !
IVtereen <ca.pt.) Goalkeein>r Hoeford
Thrt-erKf , Left back John (cap'iln)
Harwood Rijrt-.t back .Gilchrest
Turner L* ft halfback. . ... . . .-. .Jones,
Glarner Or.ter halfback ..Mathifson
Lees :.. Right halfback :..Bayned
K«y.. Outside left >...-. B*ad!ey
Wlldiru? Inside left.... - ...Du^uesne
Showeli Center forward TweeJie I
Ersklne Inside r<srht Qiurrhill t
Airth... Outside right ."-o<- ilet
At 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
bail was kicked off at Idom Park in
a practice match between the Thisiles
and Oakland Home's. The Thistles '
had three men from the Hospita' Corps
of Alameda playing as substitutes and
the Hornets had twe substitutes on
their team. The Thistles won, 2 poals
to 1. I
On VTednesdaj' evening the Thistle
.Association Football Club will *,i»e a !
Fmoker at Shiels Hall. O'Fa.rell street. I
TIE GAME AT ALVMRDA/
Occidentals and Pickwick* i-lavh v, ¦.„¦¦¦
Two Coals in r<>M|»<>ri<iI Mat*
ALAMEDA, Ja". 31. — 1 ne Occi
dentals and the P..kwicks j»layud off
the match postponed 'two weeks ag«
on the Webster Ftreet grounds this
afternoon. There t.isa large cowd
present to witnes- the play and a great
deal of cheering was done for the re
spectivl teams. 1 he final score was
2 to 2, each side scoring a goal fn ttfe
first half and also <n the secondOialf.
Play stared at 2:4 5 o'clock and
during the nrst half th« ball was
nearly always in the Pickwick iterrf
tory. Condon sco«ed the goal ' <r the
Occidentals and Robertson made the
jioint for the Pickwicks. l',» the sec
ond half the Pickwicks scorfd another
poal in the beginning of play and°thev°
seemed to have the gume we'll In hi>iri.
when the Occidentals scored in-, the
last minute of play.- Cowan pushed!
the ball into the net for the 0 Pick
wicks and Ferguson- saved the game
for the Occidentals.
The Occidentals .shewed °the hest
te.im work, while the PfckvCCctol iiad
the best individual play^ft. ° '•lor..
Shevis and Lydon were alR-ays in th*
play for the Occidents, |s w^re Bow
cock. Robertson andCWan for th&ir
team. ; " v
The two' teams lined uf, as follows-
Ml»t"-r IWt fullU-ck ..¦.¦.V.V'.'orwav
gtterw. •! JtiKhi lu'^j-k .Walker
r*rtru: on CeoVr hi? r F. . . . Oh," h^™
Uoy4 R ic h » t« I f, . . . . : . . . = .' * a t," I d
Gordon ln*i* >^l C V^t'trTnn
Eve« put*.* >>ht ...:;?>: [sZ™Z
''racif jr.ur iff. ward <"ou an
"^ !^" £»««V r 'f^ " X Y«^"
MfCuIlow.. rcf«-rc«*. J
-+*^
\ IJis <y»nli*a«'t
John H< Kirby, a'plg Texas °5iSml»er
operator. Is authority for the statement
that th* British G^vernmenio is about
to buiid 20.000 rnHes of railroad in 0 Af
rica. and that,t?ie cro^sties reqyir^ in
the construction ire to come from ?he
Southern States.' ,,M^ Kirby, c \fho ex
pects to ffet a large part of the cprv
iract, says the ties will costs $40,b00,000.
The UaeVwQ! hot he 2O t 000 0 ng,
but w ith its connectfcns wilPcovex that
diBt*nce. It Is really Cecil Rhodes' o old
plan. It will traverse the whole" con -'
tinent, from north io soutli.— Xevy Yftrk
Commercial. . * . "* '.«
_ _e- .. o . - ?'
Tho best ciffar for the least money ; '
the smQothest s^rnoke for the°smallest sufti.° •
Five Cenifs :
t . c ■ o ■ , :; • . ' °
PARK PLAYERS
ROUT CLUBMEN
Tennis Hifatch Ends in Victory
for Former, Much to the Sur
prise of Their Opponents
expert. Members -.absent
Another Contest Is Arranged
iii "Which the Losing Team
■ Expects to Change the BesuU
The members of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club won a notable victory yes
terday. Before a large ; number of
spectators their representatives de
feated the teams of the California Ten
nis Club on the tatter's courts. The
scoi i was five matrb.es to four in
farjT of the - Golden Gate Club.
All of the matches were close and the
winners had nothing- to si>are. The
California Club men were expected to
win despite a rather weak line-up and
their defeat was a great surprise. ■ •
The California Club won four out of
the flret six matches p!aye<1, »vhich
stamps them as having the class. The
Golden Gate Cub took the last three
matches.
The surprise of th« day was the de
feat of Dr. HHI and Dr, McChesney,
the California Club's third team. Carl
la-dner was substituted for C. Foley
and with Clarence GrifUn for a partner
just managed to win ov*~ The medical
men won thel flrsL set handily and led
a'l the way in the second. The last
iwo sets were -dose.
Ray Cornell and Ray Splivalo, . the
California CIub'.s seventh team, tossed
off the club's best chance uf winning
tne odd match. They, led at 5-3 in the
third set .with Ambrose and Clinch, but
lost. 8-6. ■- : r .- ♦ ,- -
The Baker brothers, who played as
the Golden Gate Club's Second <eam,
b*at F. S^ M.ichell Hd W. B: Collier
in hollow fashion. The latter are con^
tsidered first-class men at the club, but
played anything but a. first-class game
yesterday. The. Bakers, won as they
pleased. .-' •• i, o *. * -
Will Allen' and J. D. MacGavin, the
«."ali*7rnia Club's first- tesim, won in
straight sets from R. N. WIStney and
Charles Dunlap, the first tegm *of tfie*
Golden Gate Club. * Whitney and Dun-i
lap led at 5 2 in the first set, bi?t»A*llen
and MacGavin ran out. 7-5, 6-3. • . *
r*-ank Strinrham and Sidney Salis-.
bury, -No. 4 team of the °Ca!iforni-3.
Club, beat George Janes- and H. Ru«
sell in a close match. . All. three sets 1 ,
were 6-1. , 3 o • ■ • * '''■ **
\V T . S. MacGavin?. the "veteran o*£ the*
courts, joined; forces 'with Grant Smith'
and beat°theofi?th teayn'of the Golden
Gate Club. The? old-timer, played ..a
cleVer game and his acc»jn>.te stroke's
won many points for .his team.
Sherwood Adajns did n«5t put in an"
"ap.oearance o and the. Ca'.l5or«ia Club's
eighth team waa '"weakened ' great *y.«
Hl^. place was taken by C!jaiV.s K&ehn,
a third-class ."nan. Ji'Jth Adams for a
partner Crawford* "cjiulij "hardly havs
lost to H. JMann ana J. A.' Code.
The absence cof^Taylc.r, • Tobin. Chvt
Sn^^.h and A°Jams yvetfkened the ..Cali
for^Pa. ° o CIub oTT>ateriall?.-*-A retuji7 o
watch will be c played shortly on the
California Club courts. . Tr-.e o Golden
GatfP teams c will Be'about the skme.
wrjle the California Clib .line-up will
he greatly strerygthened. With Grant
and Chester Smith as secorsl team and
cTayloB and To»?in as 'third, the Gold- n
Gate Club will have a' hard time win
ding the </Jd match. . " ••• »
o Following is a "nimmary of the
matches played: . v ...
»Vlll Allen ar.»'Drummond MacOavin (No. 1
California) b<>i«t R. *J. Vchitney atid Carl Gard
ner* <N'o. 1 Obld-n Gate). . 7-5, «-3; Baker
brothr o -s (No. 2 Gol<J«n «ate) beat F. S Mit#i
j?ll and W. JPj Collier ((No. 2 California). 6-3.
«-:?. (c'arence urirfln and Carl Gardner (Nop 3
GoWpn Gate) beat Dr. Hill and D«. McCJieaney
(No. U California), 4-6. 7-5. 7-5; Frank string
ram and Sidney Salisbury. <Xr; 4 CaHforniaV
heat c H. Kutpell ar.d Of-ir«;e Jan«-s <No .4 Gold-
P.i Gat.o. 6-4. 4-«. 6-4;'Orant Smifh and Wai-:
t^r S. MacGavin (No . 5 California) beat* A.
'Brabant and H.- Palmar (No. 5. Golden Gate),
6-4. 5-7. 6-2: Heraiert Schmidt and Harry
Jlolfe (No. 6 Calwbifnla) beat Hotchklss broth
ers <^o. 8 Golden Gate). U-3, 10-8; Ambrose
ancPC. i' Iinch (No. 7 Golden Gate) beat Ra*-
Ccrnclt and Kay S£*.fvalo (No. 7 Caltfornte).
G-.-{, 2-C. S-6; James Code and' Horace Mann
(No. S Golden Gate) beat R c T. Crawford and
C. O. Kuehn (No. )< California). 0-2, 6-2: C. S.
-.■Jfe>ne»s and Robert Drolla (No. • 9 Golden
Gate) beat Lonr brother* (No. 9 California).
6-1 1-0. 6-3. =' Total— Golden Gate. 5," Callfdr
nla'4. f. . 1 . '
J DIXON* COUftSIXG Cl.UC'S MEET.
O « o
L£rge Croud Turns Out to 0 Witness
Many Close. I^xciting Huns. •
DIXOX. ° Jan? 31.— A large crowd
threic^ed thecDixon Coursing Park«thf3
„ afterribon to o witness a progrrafhme of
j exciting sport >«The best^doffs in the
p Sacn?mcnt<5 VaRey were s3ip € ped in tlie
I stake and showed to advantage. Dixcm
j'isoy won the <lecidirijr coursew»defeating
I K??volvinB Arrow after a. great run.
,*, Martin Kerrtgran judged tlie events,
jJoe°Richards acted as silppea- and
Killy/Prlchapd as Held steward^ Fol
httvlng are the results^ " • •
Kim round— Knob Hill beat flct Time; Mah-
U»n J>^at K'londyxc: Sll\-pr Top beat Uncle 8|.
' las; Constable beat San Juan; Bender beat
Shamrock. R^gral Attire h*at Skylark: Dlxon
B»> Iftat lilack MSanet; Nordlca beat Bashful-
T^ie Aebot ijeat Woodland Btlle; Revolving Ar»
row b«>at Lady Tb^lmaJ . •
o IStrcind rcund — Matlpbn beat Kn<5b Hill; 811
4 ver Tf4» beat«OonsyiWe Jack; Bender beat'Re-
Kftl Attire; Plxon: Boy beat The Abbot;' Re
vol\ inp Atmy beat Ncrdlca.
cj TRird rnonrlTT-Matlpan br-ai Silver Top; Dixon
J b<-)y beat Bender; Revolting Arrow a J bye.
•Fftirth rounds- Revolving- Arrow beat Mat!
ran; »l»op Bey «i bye. •
T>eridiftg course — Dizon Boy beat* Revolving
Arruw." o
o Parifjans o smoke, cigarettes made* of
thj; leaveg of ° the coffee plant. Those
who have tried them prefer them to to
bacio cigarettes, " '**'£,¥
; ..■.■- - . - > .
THE;SAN , ERANCISCO CALL, 'MONDAY;; FEBRUARY: 1, 190*.
BURNS WEIGHTS
OUT TO-MORROW
Kicljest If.andicap !of Entire
i Kaciiig -Season Will Be De
.■ - ■#-.#-.
. cided* at. Ingleside Track
* * '• • •
GREAT FIEtD WILT/ START
Proper, on the /Strength of His
Splendid . Performances, *jyill
Bfc Assigned Top Weight
■ • • .? • . '
The racing scene changes to Ingleslde '
to-day, -and while the sport J.3 on this
side of the bay a. number »f important
events will be decided. .
The $10,000 Burns handicap,' the main
event of the season, Jji down for deci
sion next Saturday, and it will serve to*
bring together the best fiejd that *has
met on a California track in # years. The
race is at a mile and a quarter for
three-year-olds and upwards. Weignts
will be announced to-morrow, and. the're
is much interest in the assignments.
Aside from Argregor and Nones all the
principal candidates have started this
season. The. indications* are that Proper
will have the too weight. Ita addition
to the son of Prestonparis, Walter Jen
nings has as ellgibles Dainty, Shot Gun,
Arabo, Arcade,* Leader and Nigrette.o
M. J. Daly will try for. the«prlze with
Claude, the California Derby winner,
while Frank Regan will have Oarsman
to carry his colors. The popular per
former Fossil will also start. eOtfier eli
glbles are Waswifc, Kenilworth, Honi
ton, Faulconbridge, Beau "Ormonde, Di
vina, Bearcatcher, Rockaway, Toledo,
Horton, Yellow Tail, Horatius, Ben
MacDhui, .Grafter, Major Tenny, Incu-
JbatOr, Joe Lesser and Eonici
The first race* at Ingleside wiV. be
called at«2 o'clock, instead of at 2:15,
as. at Oakland.
Entries for the Chicago Derby and
ejeven other stakes offered by the/ Chi
cago Jwckey Club to be. run ■ at- the
spring and summer meetings w.'ll close
next Saturday. The aggregate value of
addled money is ££,000. • „
EXf KIES . VOll 'XO-DAY.
•First race— Five and a half furlongs; 3-year,
olds and up; Celling:
H846 'Batldor <Flnr.>. . . '. 9li
5848 Brennus (Judge) I...10P
68S3 'Belle Reed (S'rtntteld). ?. . t«j
579S Theron t McAuliffe) , 104
584« Cracki (Levy)... 1O7
5775 Rtimy (Stover) ."....;.. .100
5SS2 Dandle Belle (Winters & Co.) -...102
5570 'Bee «Rosewater '.Xlchols) 97
3738 Skip \ft (Madison & Co.) 102
3536 Outbun.* (McAlester) ' 107
585C. *Floriani Belle (Miller)... 9i>
5846 "Dr. Sherman (White) 99
Second race — : Three furlongs; 2-^ear-olds;
purse:
085!) Morim (N'a'pa Stock Farm) : . . .112
, .'. . ., .N'eW SuKlvau (Scott) , 112
• '• Herald-Aprona.
5790 Del Cari.'ia (Smith) 112
579!) Wtlia. (D«:bso'3> j : ifiH
5859 Edith \'lce (Ifildreth). .'...', 112
5S3!> Elba VJennlnys & Co.) ". . r ».i . . ,108
5S.» Saccharate (Nlipa Stock Farm).. .108
5895 Lily Goldlng (Collins) 1C8
6880 LillKn Ayorn (Burnt* & Waterhouse). .108
S7S7 Plrena (Miller) „ . . 408
57C5 Miss ToL.V>pah (Wp«hoe Stable) »0S
Miss Clause ( Hamilton Stable) :,. 112
IlanMton II-Notice Me.
ThiM rare — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds; purse:
5871 Keogh (HiMreth) 104
5X27 jTormastgT (Boots & Hollenbeck) 110
5800 Miss . P.inglets '(Carey) .* i , . ,,J92
CS1»4 Waterspout (Smith)., 107
5727 Otto Stifel SchreibeV) 113
5847 Scherzo (Hamilton Stable) 110
5880 Dick Turpln (Reagan) 107
Fourtlr raef — One and a quartee miles f 4
year-olds and up: Belling;'
5887 •Achillen (McCabe.& Co.) 102
5884 »Chlckadee (McCafferty) ......... f : ... 97
58S7 'Frank Woods (Garden City Stable). ..104
•5S84 Searcher (Partlnrton Bros.) .101
5515 *The Ledaean (Boots S; Hollenbeck).. Oft
58*4 Expedient (Smith).... 0 . 10J
Fifth race— ;Slx and a half" furlongs; 4-year
olds and ur>: selling:
5SS2 Sootsmffli (Jennings & Co.) 105
5S70 'Benlas^ (Jeuness) 103
f^QST 'Flaneut- (McCaffertyJ UKi
8810 Wyoming < Bern) -104
5443 David ff. . (Ptanfleld) '-Wi
6824 'Halnault (Thomas & Co.) 100
r.rii •Axmineter /nandall) ...» UKI
57«i 'Diderot (Atkin) ion
4524VllKar (3ohnil .''. 104
5860«V>lma Clark (McAlester) . A 101
' Sixth race— -One mile and flfty yards; 3-year
olds and ur>; selllnz: „
•VJ71 'Celcbrn*!' (Hamilton Stable) p.- 94
r.s«T 'Gawalne (Cotton) ....: «-10«
M«7 'Telephone (Smith 1 j hii
5873 'Lacy Cra-wferd (Schreiber) 101*
J>R2tf *Key IJar* <N*alon> r. Ill
5S51 M*. Farnutn (McCafferty) 101
•Apprentice allowance.
PBOBABLE WIJTNEKS. o
First race— Bell IC2ed, Biinnns, Sr.
Sherman. '♦ •
Second race — Bel Carina, Plrelia, LiJ
llan Ayer«. \* o , ,
Third race — Formaster, Dick. Turpln,
\7-aterspout. • , '
rourth'race— rran^ Woods, Achilles,
Searcher. * 6
Fifth race — Hainault, Veltn'a Clark.
Scotun&n. . ■ ■' • *
Sixth race— Celebrant, Telephone. Bey
Dare. * - '
McCHESXKX IS TOP WEIGHT?.
The \Vestern Idol Hn.vPlacc of Honor
• In BrooJvJyii ilniulic.-in. o
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— Qfficial
weights for tho° Brooklyn hsmdicap to
be run on May 26 jire as foftows: • v
McCbe'snei. 120; HtrmU. 127;' AfrK:ander,-|2fl:
Irirh Lad. 125; Artvance Guard. 121:
Picket, Major Dalngerfield. Savab.e. ll'J; Gsid.n
Maxim, Charles Elv.oixl, Short Hose, 118; Gun-
Ore. Hur8tbourne. 117; ltunnelx. lie; Lord of
the Viie, Aceful. Santon, 115; Mlzzen. 114;
Whorler, 113: Reliable, Grand Opera. Igniter,
Dalf*man. lit; Proper, EuRCnia Burrh, IK);
Rcehampton. Buttons, 100; High Chancellor,
Injunction. Red Knight. River Pirate. 10S;
Highball, Grey Friar, Claude,' Captain Burckle,
105: . Honnibcrt. 104: llamburir B*llo, . Broom
ctlck. Reservation, rfioatand. New York. 102;
PuIsub, Lconidas, Embarrassment. City Bank,
Flying Torpedo. South Trimble. «Onatas, UM3;
Toboifcan. 00; Df.lhl. Jockey Club. W; Dick
Bernard. Stalwart. Dam'on. Ort Welle, uolonlal
Girl. 07; Mnntrcaon. Cannonball, Ormonde's
RlKht. J)U; Gold Saint. ft5; Jocund, Bageful. Or
thodox fl4: R^bin'Hood. KnlRht Errant. Get
tysburg, J>3; James V.. I'eter I'aul. Lord Badxe,
Ostrirh 02; Lord of the Valley. St. Valentine,
00: lllyria. 60; Careleps, »8: John F. R4.
The weights for the Suburban, to be
run June 16, Include the following: .
W*tor Boy. 120; MeChesney. 12-S; Hermis.
120; Africander. 125: Irish Lad, 124; Advance
Guard. 121;. * Bavable. 119: The Picket. US;
Major DalnRerfleld 1 , 118; Franc«sco. Ill; Ig.
niter. 110: Proper. 110; , Eugenia Burch, 110;
Buttonr. 100: HlKh Chancellor, 108; Hlver
Pirate. 108; Injunction. 10S; Hunter Ralne. 10".
Xed Hanlon Arrives.
Ned Hanlon, president ' of # the Brook
lyn baseball club /of the" National
League, arrived here Ia,st night and
registered at the Palace Hotel. 'Hanlon
comes to attend the ,: conference be
tween the -Pacific Coast magnates and
the • Eastern representatives. The ; con
ference will take place as soon as. Ban
Johnson,' president of the American
League, arrives. ' He is expected hoiirly.
A beehive coke oven, , in ; full blast
during the world's air, will be one : of
the exhibits . presented ; by \ Kentucky/
The Blue GraB* State has 6000 square
feet of floor space in the Palace "of
Mines and Metallurgy.
CLEVER HOUND
IS MOUNT ROSE
• «
Outpoints the 'Game Haphazard
an Exciting Run Over
Mie 'Field at Union Park
SHORTENDTSRS DO WELL
Flora Belle Drops From Sheer
Exhaustion at [the Conclusion
of a Long, Exciting Course
It was the greyhound Mount Rose
which triumphed at Union CourBlng
.Park yesterday afternoon, after a
great deciding course with Haphazard.
The spectators were on their toes while
the© two game hounds tore all around
the field. The trial was a sensational
one, and all admitted" that. the better
courser carried off the glory.
The fine weather brought out a large
crowd. Betting was lively and the
shortenders had another good day. In
all, twenty-foijr- of- these won out of
a total of sixty-four entered. The up
sets kept happening right along, and
the wise contingent "was kept thinking
from *he time the first two dogs were
slipped until all was over.
Ths first course of the fifth round, In
wnich Mount Rose defeated Flora
Belle, was an exciting one. The lat
ter ran a great trial and, as her op
ponent succeeded in killing the hare,
she fell exhausted on the field. When
the deciding course came around,
Mount Rose ruled favorite, 4 to 1 over
Haphazard. !
The latter had many admirers and,
therefore, the betting took a lively
turn. When the hounds were slipped,
M(-\int Rose led to the hare by throe
lengths and made a couple, of turns.
Tihen Haphazard got into the going and
made it lively for a while. Mount Rose
8nov*?d speed all the time and never lot
up^ finally killing the hare, after a run
all over the field. Following are the re
sults In detail with Judge P. J. Reilly's
official scores: .
. Open stake, first round— Ragtime beat Our
Motto. 8-4; Snapper Garrison beat Ruby.San
key. 8-5; Maid of the Glen *<eat Helen Hayes,
5-3; Barefoot Boy ?)eat Northern Ahirm, 8-0;
Northern Exprpss beat. MrV^y. 15-4; False
Alarm teat Te A as B'ack Lipp, 14-1; Maid
o' Gowrle beat Comsicok, 9-7; Mount- Roso
beat Black Boy. 14-1; Colored Lady bea* Pep
per Jack. 8-2: Tralee Boi' beat Jack r Shorl, tf-0:
The Referee beat Beauty Gold. 38-6; Sempro
nius beat Liberator.- 7-1- Flora Belle beat Lily
Wright. 3-2: Kudpon be&t Peter S. 5-2; Rocker
Arm beat Silver* Cloud. 10-5; EJast Lake cheat
Apple Blossom 12-3; J. C. Heenan best Moun
tain Poet. 4-2; Advertiser beat Vandal. 4-3;
Fannie HVghle beat Gan&bit. S-5; MtSs Green
beat Rector. 'A-i; Renegade Apache beat Firm
Fellpw. C-3; Donnybrook beat Young Johnny
Re\" 19-10; Fenll brat Clarice, 3-0; Orsina
heat Lilac. 4-2; Mellinwood beat Summer Girl.
&-7; HapIJazard beat Sea Lion. 10-2; Balendlne
bfat Pathfinder. 9-3; Melrose, beat Ca/cade,
8-1; Real Article beat Texas Jill, ,0-5; Loretta
beat Texas Betty. 5-4; Cubanola beat Kittle
man. 12-2; Frt'e From Flaw beat General De
wet. 7-5.- -. J
Second round — Ragtime beat Snapper Gar
rison, 11-7; Maid of the Glen beat Barefoot
Boy. ti-0; False Alarm beat Northern Ex-
D l>ree?, (!-4; Mount Rose beat Maid o' Gowrle,
ti-0; Colored Lady, a r bye; The Referee "beat
Sempronlus. ! 12-10; Flora Bell / beAt Hudson,
6-1; Rocker Arm beat Eastlake. 7-5; Adver
tiser beat J. Ci;He*nan, 0-U:.M1es Green beat
Fannie Hughie, 4-1; Donnybrook beat Rene
jrade Apact»,' o J-«; Orsfna^'beat* Fenii. 4-1;
Haphazard beat MellinWood, 6-1; Balendine beat
>Melrose, 0-4; Real Article beat Cubanola, 8-1;
Loretta beat Free From Flaw, 4-3.
Third Round— Maid of the Glen" beat Rag
time, 11-2; Mount B/wse beat False Alarm. 5-3;
The ICtferee * beat Colored ' Lady, 9-7; Flora
Belle beat Rocker' Arm, 5-3; Miss Green beat
Advertiser. 5-1; Orsina b*at • Donnybrook. 7-3;
Haphazard beat Balendine, 5-4; Loretta beat
Real Article. 8-5.
Fourth round — Mouni Rose beat Maid of
the Glen. 14-8] Flora Belle beat The Referee,
7-3; Orsina beat Miss Green, 21-2; Haphazard
beat Loretta. 3-2.. • . . .
Fifth round — Mount Rose" beat Fiora Belle.
15-3; Haphazard beat Orsina,' 10-3. "
Deciding" course — Mc'unt Rose beat Haphaz
ard, S-3.^ o ■ - i- ■ • . o
CORKY AND CUXMN«HAM . .
. * DEFEAT* TWO CHAMPIONS
Jack <Bonneb ami Ai Ilaniaton Suffer
Defeat I if a Hot Handball Match
at the Olympic Club.
Members of the Olympic Club en
joyed some "fast handball 'games yes
terday afternoon. "Heiney" Corey
and- George Cunjilngham defeated
Jack. Bonnet and ; 41 Hanfpton and
added to tjieir reputation as experts.
Hampton Is champion of the coast
and° Bonnet is an ex-cha*mpion.
;Neither of the champions was in condi
tion and did> not -^*lay. up to old-time
iprm. Corey and Cunningham were
on edge and: played with dash. The
first game wao close. Neither side
couRl score a point unless by killing
and the spectators vwre enthusiastic.
Corey began to throw in a hot serve
and neither Bonnet nor Hampton
could connect with the fast ball. The
youngsters captured, the first and sec
ond games. . Hampton and Bonnel
played harder and;won the thirfi and
fourth, ; but the youths would not' be
denied and took; the fifth game and
rubber*by '.a. score of 21 to 10. . : >Y.',
Hampton's right shoulder bothers
him. 'A'teiftlon is strained and he can
not tend in the ball as In the past. He
could, not "kill'.'? the. ball, \although
to had niany chances to do so. Hamp
ton will consult a physician to-day and
will have tbe muscles treated by elec
tricity. Bonnet, plays iji his usual
graceful way," but' owing to excessive
yeight is not .is fast as,he was some
years ago. Corey is the coming cham
pion of the coast. He has speed an*
strength and directs the ball with
great skill. Cunningham did some
clever work during the contest and
was highly 'torn mended for his clever
playing.' •
On Wednesday night Corey ana
Louis Levy, will play Joe Condon and
Tom Mahoney of the Occidental Cfaib
in the Olympic Club court. This < will
be their final game. Two weeks ago
Corey and Levy beat. the pair. The
latter retrieved their defeat by beat
ing the Olympic Club cracks » last
Wednesday night.
Famous Ballplayer Dies.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Jan. 31.—Dan
iel Mahany of this city, a famous base
ball catcher, . committed suicide at his
nbmeVs to-night by .drinking carbolic
acid. He had ; not been working regu
larly for some time and had threatened
to take his life unless his affairs . be
came brighter. He played on many
teams during' the f 90*s, including the
Washington and Cincinnati teams.
Bay City Clulu, Fights. 1
The Bay City ; Athletic Club will hold
its next' amateur, boxing, show. aC Me
chanics' vPavllion- annex ., on;; Friday
evening. George S_ loknfknd 'Charles Oli
ver, two new heavy.- weights,- are ' on ■ the
bills for } av four-rbund-bout^Only ania
teufs in good standing t with the Pacific
Athletic Association) have been signed.'
" The* nevr, British , blue book gives .the
average weekly wages of fifteen "skilled
trades at" $10 -60 in London arid $18 '75
iii New York. o '
RAGGED ACTOR
WINS HONORS
Fast Y.oung Greyhound Beats
Celtic -iii Harjl "Deciding 1
Cdu'rsc 'at G . Ingleside Park
OUTSIDERS* -SCORE OFTEN
Jerry? O'Shea's Youiig Fearless,
• a • Strong "Choice, . Loses, to
Pronicth.iis : i» 0 a Long Trial
Short" end players reaped a harvest
yesterday, at Isgleslde C6urslng Park.
In every roun'd the 'favorites went down
to defeat wi.t-h" the regularity of an
eight-day c1og£ ; . x • " '
The. hares "we.re surprisingly strpng
t6r this season of the year .and-the .re
lief dogs, and there v^re 'many," were
given ..a good', day's 'exercise ••
Ragged Actor won thfj.-stake,. beating
Celtic in the de.ciding course. The. run
"her-up showed ta good advantage and
brought "m the co.ln to- his backers in
previous rousds. In* a long; hard course
Prometheus bea't Jerry' O' Shea's Young
Fearless, a 4 to. 1 choice, by- a close
score. Following are the day's results
Hl*b Born beat Intruder, 10-5; Jessie Dear
beat "Cres wick, i?«fl: Little Plunger beUt Craw
ford Belle, 7-0; Mollie Me beat M-tnlo Prince.
8-S', Queen'r. Motto beat Ch# Minnie. ~-J>: Van
Alba beat Glimore Girl, 6-4; Texas Jim beat
Lady Menlo. 6-0; Little Lucy, btlit Pacing Billy,
10-8; Ragged Actor *i>eat Full Moon, 0-5; Doe
Bro-ns beatJHoy Huth".e.*i»-1: Reckless Acrobat
beat Yellow Tail, 10-4; Medley beat Frisky Boy.
5-2: Texas. Hoo .Hob beat McHetiry, 3-2;
Comique beat Ojld Eyes. 10-7; Baby Aurora
beat BJch AVgosy.. M.-.t; Laughing Water Jyat
Ml > t mlgo, 8-3; JvVdgewood beat Cloudburst,
6-1; Vorpnto beat Royu'.FrleniJ, JJ-O; Celtic beat
Irish Lad, 6-2; Belfast *>eat irvington Cralee,
9-6; GIpucus a b>V;'Conroy beat Equator, M;
Bla^k c'ooi: beat Fwsky Bar>^ara, l-f>-8': Bortst
beat* Lady Oranard. «?-*; frometheus beat
Young Fearlesfc*, H.10; RerJ Pepp»> beat Free
Born. P. 3; Pasha Pleasant beat Progress, 21-5;
Fanr.' Free beat B'onnle Pasha. 4-0; Monb<?ils
beat Topsy Tu/vy.'^-T; J E H beat Trduble
osme, 10-7; Homer B"oy beat White .SVwkings.
6-O; Charml'jp Thought teat Bella Hovd, 10 ••*.
; Secop-l- round — H'gh Born beat Jessie Dear
4-2; Little Plu.'iB^r beat Mr'lle 'Me" 10-4:
Queen's Motto beat Van Alba, t-3; Little Luc?:
beat Texas Jim. 15-«; Raggiyi Actor beat Doc
Burns. 5-3: Recklei^ Acrobat beat Medley, "-:•;
Texas Hoo Hoc 8 , beat Comique. 7-4'; Laughing
Water beat Ruby Awor*a, 7-6; Toronto bea.t
Wedgewood, 4-0; .CsMic beat B^liist. l'3-tt.
Glaucus beat Conr«y. '7-0: Boots a 'bye: R^d
Pepper beat Pr6methcu«i..6-1; FancyT*ee b«"af
Pasha Pleasant," 8-3; 5 J K H Monbells,
25-4; Homer Boy-be^t Charming thought. 3-2.
Third round— Little Plunger Beat High Born.
7-4; Queen's Motto beat Little Lucjv.7-4; Rag
ged Actor beat Reckless Acrobat. 7~*:*:re:cas
Hoo Hep /beat 'Laughing Water/ H-3>' Celtic
best Toronto, 20-4: Glaucus b>at. Boot'*, 14-4-
Red Pepper beat Fancy Free, fl-7; Homer. Boy
beat J K H, C-4. ' • ,, .
Fourth roun.I — Queen's Motto .beat Little
Plunger; 17-11; Ragged Actor "beat. Texas Hoo
Hoo. 5-2; Celtic beat G&ucus, 4-1; .Red Pepper
bjeat Homer Bey. '3-2. • ; . • ,
Fifth round— Ragged Actor a Dye; Celtic beat
Red Pepper, 10-7.' \ ...•••
■Deciding course — Raggedy Actor beat Celtic,
6-4.« .* . v; •■•• •„..,•/. . .•' i- ,
2©0©®«©0©0©0®OCOOOOSO®©»008©OOOGOOO©00©0©0©00©OOOOCOOOOO©00000000000
• ° * . *4ave- Ybu 'Stqrt3d° Yoiirjvory City Portfolio? V •
8?,%, • ••'. ■; r t T.|)e Dainty dr)d;instructiye Rcprb-; : \J *& :: ; %
2 . •." , r .*•*. *. •• QUCtlOQS o.lfj v^OlOr Or . ,. -.!•*..■ -""•";* .' . ■ m
• mi ' i .'*'':_./' "'. ' • °y ■ ' '' ' ° '"" ' ° ,° ' ° "' 3 " \ | •
I l$Qri(li$ jFair Portfolio Juries \
#) . .* \ Can be obtained only through The Sunday Call. Enterprising, rA^sresS. •««•/- ' •
• '. . # • (^ she and Substantial Greater San Francisccfs Greatest Dally offers Its \r. •
«© '• . r "rcaders o a feature tffat can °be bound In portfolios, frafhed and i«« other o J ®
£M • ./ ways' presje^ved a'rid ? handed" down o to future generations, 0 .L- J; a
': • V*. one. of* the great events In* the' world's lilstory and the greatest nf °the )
5 • . " • • PALACE OF EDUCATION. •
•' | The- Second of tbe Series Will Be Issued Sunday; February 7, 1904 | •
3 • * '• Cut o Out This Descriptive Matter apd o Paste on S
% ' \ o °° • .^ / the BacK of Picture. S
o ° ft
9 , -■ .'jj.»;.; ' • . .The Palace of Education occupies one of the most prominent places I •
O •"• in the Exposition, and justly so, as this distinction is only consistent with- O
• • the theory upon .which the entire organization is based, viz.: that educa- I | 9
• ' ' o !!tlon is tb/j source of alUproeress. j •
2 . . . :„ From its inception the aim has been to select an educational exhibit 0
• ..that would be national hi its . scope, ' to present comprehensively and ' ; O
'. systematically the educational methods in vogue in this country and to ! O
,© * o „ assemble for comparison and scientific .study contributions from all for- | '2
"•., eigm nations noted for educational progress and research. • **
5 ° ' V.'fhe architectural construction in this Universal Exposition affects the j ! a
2 . ■-',?', majestic in the Great, Ivory White Esdiibit Palaces, historical in the i j o
<$ ■ foreign "and State buildings, all- world, realistic and unique In concession j I I •
• j structures. I ' 5
• j. ' ■ „ The Palace of Education is a rarely graceful structure of modern j ©
® plassic architecture/ Is surrounded by a majestic Corinthian colonnade, ; ®
2 . ' , coTCi-s seven acres of ffround and Is in the heart of the Exposition. , J
2 ' The brilliancy of the coloring, enlivened by a lagoon bordered by a 0
© balustrade ornamented with statuary, impart life and realism to the o
■ •*'■' ■ scene. - -' ■ i -J
• o These pictures will doubtless be sold in . portfolio form m the near j ©
5- ' : - • ■■ future, at' prohibitive .figures. j a
g:^ . You can obtain the full set for a bsolutely nothing by__subscriblns: for | o
1 1 ffifjjb MN FRANCISCO GALL
S^©©«©©o©#©©e©»«o©o®o©*®©©«©«©o©©©©©©©«©©»©©«©©©o©o©©©o©o©©o©©©©o*oo
POLOISTS PLAY
A SLOW GAME
iBurliiijrnme Men Have Off Day,
Missing -Many Easy Strokes in
Maich on Crossways Field
WHITES ARE VICTORIOUS
jC. A; Baldwin, a \eteran, Ap
pears' in Two Periods— W. S.
Hobart Interested Spectator
The dashing poloists of Burlingame
Country? Club seemed off In their game
yesterday, missing many easy strokes.
They, frankly said they couid not hit a
balloon. This condition was general,
no one player being Immune. The
teams lined up:
Whites— R. M. Tobln. W. McCreery, f. J.
Carolan. J. Lawsom • -
Reds— T. A. Driscoll. P. D. Martin. C.
Raoul-Duval.^E. E2ra.
- Referee, Charles Dunphy; timekeeper, J. O.
Tobin. : o i
The Whites won ultimately by a score
of toup go c als to two. The Reds started
well, getting one of their goals in the
first period. Neither side scored in tha
second period.
In theo third F. JV Carolan scored for
the Whites, after a few moments of
play. His side scored again before the
end of, the period. 'Ezra evened the
score In o the fourth period, moving the
ball down the field in a desperate gal
loping match svlth Mr. Carolan. The
spectator^ were y-eated to another ex
citing struggled the same period, Tom
Driscoll and R. M. Tpbin haying a bat
tle royal out in front of , the^i. field of
horsemen. .= *. a <f>
• R. M. Tobtn made a brilliantstroke in
.t'he flf.th period, the ball landing , Just
outside the goal. He secured another
stroke, but . the ball hit" th% £c?al-po3t
and bounded outside. ' Mr. ""Qarolan
scored i again for the Whites in this
.period: " "., o °.
The Whites added another °goal B to
their score in the last period o . ** '
'.The game was played on the Cross
way's farm field, arid was witnessed
by a large and fashionable gathering.
• Walter S. Hobart, fresh from o his
European trip, was j»n interested spec
.tator. viewing tbe game from the polo
pavillonr. He has ponies in training and
wtll soon be-in the thick of the com
petition, °°
C. A.. 3 Baldwin, one of J:he p6lc veter
ans of Bupllnganie, played tBe flrst two
periods of the same in Mr.. Carolau's
place. ° • * ° .
F, • J. jMackey, Neil 0 Haip and " the
other European players, who have been
in Southern California for some, weeks,
are expected daily at Burlingame.
.Owir*g to the number of players avail-
FEW MARKSMEN
ON THE RANGE
Shell Mound Does Not Resound
With the Ring of the Rifle
as Is the Usual Condition
TEAM MATCH IS HELD
Captain W. Guild and Friends
Defeat Captain W. Siebe
and His Men Quite Handily
The marksmen made yesterday an off
day at the Shell Mound Park shooting
range. There were but few competitors
striving for the honors of victory. The
members of the Shell Mound Pistol and
Rifle Club were the principal partici
pants, and some good scores were made.
Otto Junge of St. Louis, who Is win
tering in California, was an interested
spectator and expressed surprise at the
advancement of rifle shooting in this
State. Mr. Junge is an old member of
the Central Rifle Club of St. Louis. He
states that the arm most used in his
city is of 28 caliber, while here in Cali
fornia 4he 22-caliber is the favorite for
target shooting.
At the formal opening of Shell Mound
Park March 6 for the season Captain
L. Siebe will present an Interesting
programme to entice marksmen to the
range. He has set out $200 in cash to
be distributed among the lucky win
ners. There will be twenty prizes on
the ring target. Premiums will also be
given for flrst and last bullseyes In
morning and afternoon, and prizes will
be given for most 25-ring centers dur
ing the day. The first prize on the ring
target will l<e $25 and the last prize $2.
Team shooting by members of the
Shell Mound Park Pistol and Rifle Club
— Captain W. Siebe 375, J. A. Logue 335.
L. A. Frates 197— total 907. Captain W.
Guild 358. P. Burr 357, Dr. Frates 318—
total 1033.
"W. Siebe flred a fifty-shot score at
fifty yards on the reduced ring target
and did excellent work. His ten-shot
total3 were ?15. 230, 226, 222 and 227;
total 1120 rings.
Fifty^yard range, rifle practice — W.
Guild 410. F. M. Burr 388. P. A. Paulson
349. Dr. L. V. Frates 387. A. L. Thomp
son 384. IwtA. Frates 307, William Siebe
436. J. LofCiie 322.
able, one msjft stands down each week.
It was Charley Dunphy's turn yester
day, aiid h fl «s VcAS at once pressed into
service, as referee.
GAZKLLE. Jan.o31.— Two men w#re held «P
at a°*tore ni»ht before last In Edgewood antt
a > safe was robbed of 43CO. $75 being money
of the atore and $225 lc£se money.
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS. °
PIANO DAY,
To-Day the Wiley B. Allen Go. Begins;
c the Sale of the Zeao Mauvais€o.'
Pianos-Hundreds of Theipfo ot
As han a'reedy hoen announg'Pd, *re
l)a\»» purcha!«td the entire pian<> business
of the Z^r.o Maiivais Co.. 'and this, morn-
ing at 10 o'^lo^k bejrins tlie sale of tBese
high-grade and most valuable pianos.
0 * • ♦ ' •■ . c * "* . •
To-day is the first day ofcthe w»>o»k. the
Jirst day of tlie m^nth and "the first spe-
cial aale °f pl>n&i we !iave ever cfirtduct-
< d Jn San Krancisco. 'It Jwill^b? a cam-
paign. t;uick. siiTt an«J ax-Uve. -\V« have '
almost ini umcrable pisfnos'of our own to
•tli. nn<1 carload after '•tfel')ad In transit.-
nnd liero ite am Joadwl down . •with all
thp piaiv>5 ijouRht ' frimi/'ilie Ma'uvals
coi'ccrn. AW- mad* tKe jjluijt-ais'pebpl^
an offer. To our surprise it \«a8 a.cc>pt-
od. Ti.jf f?iv.\s us h ifidredV of«pi{tno*« to
mcll utT .-it retail jit *?rifi».i o much 'Jjeiow
th^ii wutth. Yrjr /Te.iit 1?. jrood. too'.*
D'»nt Jolay. Come- »j>iJrkly and get'tbe I
piano of your choice. .* • •» c <=
# » * . * ' o • * . ! * *
V.V op<-n th«> sa'e th'is morn ing. placing;
S"m*- v ( .| y :«>•**• j. rices, marked in platn" 1
ri*rui;> <>n firli i>l:inom «stht* JVI»ianeiv'
Behr Br'm . Srtiuh«-rt. Uaurti.-i'Si^r. Smith
A- Bamfa. Marshall & Wondell;
snd *>th« ; s. . • . i
Among the lot ,s lifcxquJsitg nprigfit
piano, .-ale pt ue $l?f» 00/ • Ther^ are 05, er
two d<>z«n of this •pa'.ticular "jstyie oh
hand. ■" • " . >
For JK.o.Od 'you *ai»' set » larger and
better in^tT'inent. Th^*?^ are tvf.> •spe-
cials" vrtrteh w-» have |4> "Offer, ar^d tliey
xv 'l\ surely po .^*;li kly." ' ° °. c o* ',
Tlirn. .;pain. *. •*' have a numbt*r of very
fine UeJir Bros. t<: "ffer to-d.ay "that are ;
r<-ally artistic, beautifiif'. clesign. double"
fall-bonij: ;arvod trusses andcj"!lasW-r*»r ;
iik-krl-plat«»<'l toniiuiJous iiinge.. They
T\ill pn at pi ices raneintofrom $t33.00 to
S5*>S.0(« These particular fianos atS \
•worlli J.'itO.OO r^irular.' 0 . • o
SchnbTts. laiRe. •.-losrant" pianos, oak.
■walnut ji-jma-liosraTiy. .*» - ilI r>»e Bold. by us
to-day, for. 5*4 Si.00 up. to°*28 J.00: . '.
Tlie bauB(«Ut«C so well and favorjbly
knoTvn in' this <3)tj»tntmHy. «rill^t>e f«*tind
. *>n our nv»or iff larpr'' q;umti,*.iffii. <«t prices
rzutfns-fi'am t"A1PJ) up -to J27^.OO. and
tli^re 'wjll .he many*;* ntlTV c _mal:»fS. all
marked .in' plain nprutv>. tn^l «re fereat
barsrains, and don't •'/orfcet. your cr«ttit U*
food. .. • ' " *■-■ . m o * ° "o , ,;.
■ • !.*-. -'•••«,U.*" * »?- •• o •'
We are jroinsr to /"usv 0^;! of "ihese 4>f-
anos niceived fronr'*he Zfr;-* Mau\-ais Co.
from- our vrareroptai ,-in" <iuick *orda>r.
Don't forget, the '■inifk'bf 'tbem are actu-
Hlly.liiplPgrade aM\j o ver? valuable piano^,
They ar<»'not the jchepppr makes ji f suafl*»
«?old at *=p<<"ial mut'c^. 5Thrtt are the pi-
anos' that have given 'the .Mau\aiis "Cfo. it
mdet. enviable ' renutjv'Vicin 'h»*re, an/l c wfc
.•■re>,sel^jig them .iff. now for°about liilf
whaUhe>' are sbldf fyr elsewhefe in anj"
<ih<-r part of the . ?o(satry,** o. •<>
• • • . ■' ' • .-.. . »V .•' •*° ° ' '*•-; . •*
The- Simplex Plivor, which Seljs" feefe
an<? all ■ ov«pt ' th'e* wurld £o'r .$i3*».0», We
■will offer at evea 5200»0.whi!e t"hey last.
?.nd t!ier.f i* a ,car,V.:id"or 'inore .o£'them
that wr must disnosg at.: Simplex -music
•will alR-o !»*• sold at. -J discotijit.
Our waiVrff;.ni« v:Jll bo. open^ **T * a *
ni£Tht diirjniSrthis «ae. We ought' to sell
. rvory nl&sfrrjWtfhiYg re**ei°v««i* from, tlie
f >I hij va.:c~ people th«»* flrst daj; o 6ut"ive
' wnn'f. t"or th^re arf! f»oo n*«ariy ; of- the'n*
but come in jis sdon^ fiw yo*i <-ajr and sc-.
; le»t your piano. The sale will continue
Tistll every cat. cf tnese pianos is sold,
and so fax as prices c .*re concerned, we
"will ma'e it mosx ipteretilnsr ler the
buyer at this time, because .t» tCf in »
position to do «o. Sa)« bepvis" at l<i a.
mj." to-day and wfll be contlnufd night
and day until all. Che ptantSi or.tbft'JfaU-
vais stock are sojd, Remember # our lo-
cation. . ■ • s o ' . . ,
* THE WIX.ET B. ALLEN CO..
c *9tt-9Zi iiARKET 8T., c .
>**»• v^ Bet. X iftb ani: Sixth.
jL*. Candies '^8>|j
W Chocolates .. Wlj
W Bonbons -B J
Given Away Free ' " I
With °c ft
Teas, Coffees, Spic'eS-i
Baking Powder Z *• I
It Pays to ;* I
- Trade' at , • |
Great American Importing Tea Co's I
wLUI V2 o £ * K
KlMu-Vet 210 Grant •▼. • 14U Polk'* E
140 Sixth 1819 XVrisadero 70? LarVin &
476 Halrbt S006 StztMath S5S Rayes E
228tMissiaa 521 Mo<-tj?'y iv«. 6? Market I*
2008 Finmore 2S1S Mission 146 Kinfh ' L
866 Thirf 2T32 S4th 4S9 Fourth *J
n*^*^*^*^s " i
PTn fants^jiwali ds^P
Fretful babies become calm".
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you m thing
but the Mkiac. Will you not theo ask for
It for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
ROUNDTAB
ARROW BRAND
1 5 CENTS, 2 FOR 25 CENTS
_ CLOETT. FEABOOY & CO.
VaJun ct Clnett and Monarch Shfrta •
„. ' .CUTLERS
ESEEYJLMEMRRAhrm)
JAIL OFFICIALS
IN A QUANDARY
3Iurderer .'Frank ' }Voods Is ? fn
"Xeed/ of : Operation, but IjLe
.Declines to Submit to. Knife
MAT CHEA.T THE GALLOWS
X'ojivict's. Case Is on Appeal
and He. Refuses to Go° to
San Quentin for Treatment
¦Frank Woods, alias ''"St. I*ouis Fat."
sentenced to be hanged for the murder
of Policeman Eugene C. Bobijison;. and
whose cage is now on appeal before the
Supreme Court. is likely to < heat the •
gallows of Pan Quentin ° prison. and. be j
rlaii. by death unless he submits to "I
•ft. surgical operation. c • • ° - 1
Woods Is* now in \h£ County Jail and j
in., the last few months he has wasted '
away Considerably, owing to the after I
effects of' the 'Wound 111 his hip inflicted i
by brave Policeman . Roibinson, /who j
succeeded in wounding «»n«* of the r -band r
of thugs h«? sought .to arrest otv th'
morning of January 2J, 1902,. in the* Mis- j
• 9\&ns ° • - • °
Woods, with hi.« confederate*. Court- ;
Vney. Ka ufTman, Henderson and J"K!d". t
Go'ucher. plartfned a burglary- at tile!
press Lawn Cemetery offices and on !
Uk night of January 0 21" l$>2, o th<? thugs i
went «>ut on the criminal errand, armed j
# t a the teeth. „ . •. * o * ° j-
In attempting: to "turn a* trick" and- j
hold up a pedestrian, the, robbers ran i
lnt<> Policeman" Robinson. The officer'
ga,ve t4i*pe to the criminals and was i
shot to death by them. Wood? was in- •
lured by a bullet from the revolver »f .
Policeman Robinson. '.i
Woods escaped to Portland. \v litre lie j
was .apture* and brought o b*ck to thjs j
Wty. He was tried and convicted in
August 1902, and wafs sentenced »y
'Judge Carroll (\.ok in November °of
that year to be hanged at San Quen
ti«. „ • • ° ° °
c With the exception, of ' Kid " GomcIi- 1
or. the confederates "of "Woods were •
"captured and sentenced to long terms |
in the penitentiary. . ° !.• ° J
° Ever since Wonds «was arrested he [•
'*ias Hlffcred fropi jhe« effects M the !
bullet wound fn his hip,, From a well- j
built, rop'ust man he has wasted away i
o t*nt,ilTie is a men? ah$dow of his former'
self.° ° -°. . . ° 0
9 bi\ Rottanzi, city r Physician, was
nsk»"1 to°»ejamiBe Woods yesterday'^ndo;
fcfuntl that *th<\ convicted murderer was ;
silfFerirfg' froin tubef«*ular necrosis of
the °bo nt-s of the hip and t Hat an opei- ;
atioh was .-rosary. • " s "
c° Dr". Rotfanzi info^nfed Woods of his j
Condition, bu; c .tln- convict •positively re-o!
: fused to allow ah operation to o be j.or- j
frtrmed. .'. .••„•' ** ' ' •
- Sheriff Peter J. CuBtfs will not all«nv
c Woo^ds to > taken from his custody |
.unless no ordered >*y th'e .courts and j
under the circumstances Woods has
been advised to go to o San \Juentin ;
'prison, where -hbspital tocilKft^ exist c
and • hei«»he #ould-be*tip«ratedrf)n.agd j
properly attended to. * " !
, : Woods win not ko t« Pan <iuentin
'Prison of o his. own accord.. *° °|
' iDr» Roitanzi saii yesterday that un- ;,.
less Woods is operated on his condition i
, must c grow o worse and thaj^ he <;anno^
j survive. N<i facilities exist at the Couji- :
i ty Jail for surgical operations. The cus
tool is that all prisoners detained there ,
who require surgical treatment ar^. j
sent tQ thr- City and, Chanty Hospital:
in charge of an officer. c This applies,
however, only tn rn^n* awaiting trial .
«r those sentenced to short terms. •. j
* .Woods cannot be sent to San Quoei- .
tin for treatment unless he agrees* to j
go- t^ere, as the appeal befbre the Su
| r'-me Court acts as. a stay of execu
tion. ¦
Dr. Rottanzi will make another at
tempt to-day to induce Woods to be
operated on at the jail or consent to" go
I tt>* San Qu^ntin prison hospital Iqt
: treatment. . o .
ENTERS LUNCH BOOM AND „ • •>
RIFLES CASH REGISTER
'Harry Randcll attacks Cook With Hn
Iron Bar and Is Arrested tor
? . Robbery."
H.arry Ran&ell. a waiter, entered the
.American Coffee and Lunch Room at
3S Seventh street about 4 o'clock yes
terday morning .when the eook, Henry
Teitjen, happened to be out for a few
■minutes. Randell opened the cash
register and ht'loed himaelf to the
contents, amounting to $5 60..
Teitjen. returned as Randell was
leaving the place and was attacked by
Randell, who had r.-i iron bar in his
"hand. * Teitjen was struck twice 3 on
the forehead with the iron bar and
knocked dpwn. His cries for help
were heard, by Policem.en D* W. Cro
nin and W. Sheehan and they ran to
the lunch -room and placed Randell
under arrest (.n a cliarge of robbery.
Randell admitted thot he had -served
a term at Fols6m penitentiary. The
money and.- the iron bar were b.ooked
as evidence against him. -
* Teitjen was 'sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital, ■„ where- the
wounds on h«s foiehead -were stitched
afld dressed.
Prayerg. for Rain.
In every .Ro.man Catholic- Ch.utvh in
this diocese sp&ial prayeVs. were of
fered -for rain yesterday /morning.
Archbishop. Riordan instructed all the
priests '<o use the prayers prescribed
in case of extraordinary drought at
thei? accustomed place in the service.
This prayer will be«rspeated each day
♦during the^-eek.. In addit-Jon to thirf
,Jhe membere of t?he congregation were
also instructed to use. the prayer dur
ing their daily'private devotions. Tl]<»
same, prayer is beUig use^ in Southern
California, where Archbishop Conaty
issued- instructions to • the clergy of
his diotfese similar to those issued by
Archbishop Riordan; .
Board of Pharmacy Meeting;*
• A^t the annual meeting 'of the State
Board of Pharmacy, the following
were elected licentiates arsii assistant
licentiates:
Licentiates— E. W. Thlercof. G. Walter
Finch. Clarence Qullty. Thomas G. Wateon.
FrancU A. Lewln. F. K. Van Allen,- John J.
Kesslnff. Henry C. Peters. George W. Turner,
Eugene C. Farmer. John Baalmann. Walter
Metzner. Walter F. Engel. Lester M. Jones.
Henry Devenir.g. Charles W. Blackburn and
Claris*:* M. Roehr. # .
Assl«t«-it» — Raymond L. Pond Ethel E.J\*el
eon.-.GeotffscP. Hedgneth. Frank M. Carter,
Hoy P. Henderson. C. L. Foutz, H. A. Wessel
Devota FUher William G. Barry. Frank V.'
Pursd. "D: T. Henderson, J. L. fulton and A*.
C Tlenken. ■;
Found Floating In Bay.
Two sailors on board the schooner
Harry saw the headless body of a man
floating In .the. bay near Goat Island
yesterday morning. They towed it -to
Vallejo-street wharf and notified the
Coroner's • office. ; /-The body was re
moved later to the Morgue by Deputy
Coroner Meehan." ; There was nothing in
the pockets of i the; clothing that Would
give a clew to the man's identity.. How
long the body, had been in the water
is a matter of conjecture, but it was
badly decomposed
■ -.-■ ■■ v.v. .•-,•'«•.■■, ■■•. -vJTirv":: •( «v» • -•• .- • ■ - . -■ - .
THE- SAN tRA'NCISCO CALL. MONDAY. FEBRUARY 1,3904.
APAN'S RAPID
WORK IN NAVAL
CONSTRUCTION
Japan Is doing some rapid work 'In
shipbuilding. A cruiser, named Otava.
was begun at tho.Yokosuko dockyard
January 6, 1903, and launched Ilovcm
l.r 6 and la to be ready 'for service
during the present year. The Otava is
of 3000 tons, 10,000 horsepower, 21 knots
speed and 340 feet length, 41 feet S
inches breadth and 16 feet *5 inches
draught. The armament consists of
two e 6-Inch, six 4.7tinch, fmir 12-pound-^
ers and two machine guns. The rapid-*
ity with, which this vessel has 'been
built exceeds that of the builders 0 ih
Great Britain, who have four scouts of
2610 to 2900 tons contracted for.; aver
a year ago - and nene of, , . them are
launched./ .'¦':¦' ."¦ "' ¦¦""¦ ' ¦"'¦ ¦_¦ "';• „ .""'
Two cruisers oT . 3420 tons, • 10,00.$
ho^epower and 20 knots speed are
building "at. Yokosuko atfd.Kure dock- c
yards. They art; named; Niitaka. and
Tsushima and carry batteries of six 6
inc}i,' - ten . 12-pounders an* .'.- four-.. 2Vz
pounders." The Niitalta was launched
last November. at Yokosulo and efforts
are made to have both vessels" eomplet-.
ed at an early Mate. ¦ At the two yards
named there are also under construc
tion one gunboat of 620 tons, four 329-,
ton destroyers of 31 knots -. and nine
torpedo boats of 120 to 150 tens and
28 knots speed. - Most of the material
used in the construction of these ve3- 0
sels is of British manufacture, but the
completion of the steel railing plank
and armor factory near ~ Kure , will
make Japan independent 3 of , foreign
material and . with .the . c^erlence
gained in the construction ; of ; smaller
craft will not alone -be competent to
buHd battleships and -torpedo 5 crafts
for Its own use»but may become a for*
mtdable competitor for navy and mer
cantile work for foreign countries.
, Th« Russian Black Sea <¦ fleet is of
little value, IV consists of eight battle
thins ranging from *0"6 tons to 12.4SO
tons, and -built between 1886 and 1902.
Only two. the Tria Sviatelia .and
Kniaz PotemklU Tavritchesky, are of
modern construction,; the older ships
are in various, stages of decrepitude,
«.f slow speed, insufficient protection
and obselete armament. Two armor
ed cruisers are under construction,
and seven cruisers built in .1880-87 are
only lit for inland water service. In
addition there are three old giKiboatSt
six destroyers under construction and
.thirty-Uvo torpedo boats, mos,t of
which are less than SO tons.. The liber
ation of the Russian Black Sea fleet
would be of little, benefit as an (Addi
tion* to the Russian fleet in the Par
East, .the available continge/it sim
mers down from °fifty»nine. vessels, to
Uvo battleships, o and there is 0 3ome
doubt ab°out the latters' abjlity. as tne
dockyard administration in the Black
Sea has" .been notorious for its c«rrun
tion and insufficiency. . ". . •
VSBSUBgS naval station .
Over, one and a half million dollars
were wasted" in the selection of Port
Royal as a naval, station. where" after
building a dock and ejecting a number
of shops am? officers" residences, it was
foujnd that ships oould n!>t be # docked.
The station lies been abandoned in so.
Car -s regards its original purpose,
btlt H still required five oflftws and an
expenditure «f . $142,797 .last -year to
maintain Ihe^mud navql statin. The
sits was selected" in 1889" by a board
of .naval office^. Two years ago a
floating «Kteel dock°A\as located* in. the
Mississippi .at Algiers, near New" Or
leans, this site having been seipeted,
upon '¦ the recommendation of a board
Qf line officers of the jpavy. . The dock
was bultt at a cost of $850,000, and the
bat\le»hip Illinois was successfully
docked in January, 1902. Since then-no
other vessel has :Lpoh raised on that
dock a»d At is apparent that Algiers
.is but a' repetition of the Port Royal
blunder.'" 3 The dock, cannot be utilized
owing to the° filling up with mud and
flriftwoud of the* basin in which the
dock lies. Four naval officers, drawing
$20,797 were attached to this Nation
last year an* it» tota.1 cost of main
tenance was $133,239.
* Chief Constructor W. L,. Capps was
before the House o Naval '.Committee : n
few days ago and inade this statement^
"1 think it's desirable not to under
take additional construction of large
vesse/s in the navy yards just at piv
erft. My i rason for this' is that it is
desirable to fit out our principal yards
more completely than they o are at the
present time before undertaking addi
tional shipbuilding on a .large scale.
• • • With the exception of the two
principal yards on the Atlantic Coast
and "lie cd the Pacific Coast, all of our
navy yards are in a somewhat transi
tory /state." It would be interesting
and instructive to learn how much
more money is required to fit the thrae
navy y«rds referred to in order to
undertake shipbuilding on a larger
scale. The Maine and Cincinnati were
built at he New York navy yard, and
the, Texas and Raleigh at the Norfolk
; navy 0 yard, during the years 18!$-1S92.
The time elapsed between laying of the
keel and launching was 762 days for the
Maine. 1Q44 days for the Cincinnati, 1121
days for the foxas and 853 days for the
Raleigh- At that time the yards were
not at all prepared to undertake ship
building, and the work and expense it
Installing modern machine tools and
other labor-»-a%'ii.g appliances went on
simultaneously with ' the construction
of the ships. The disadvantages were
further increased through . lack a?
skilled mechanics, nevertheless, the
time compares favorably with that of
battleships built in private yards, the
corresponding period in days being:
For the Indiana, 663: Massachusetts,
715; Oregon. 707, and Iowa 966. These
ehfps »vere built in 1890-92 at yards well
equipped with modern tools and gangs
of skilled workmen. ,
OUR NAVY YARDS PLANTS.
Since then the New York, Norfolk
and Mare Island navy yards have re
ceived yearly additions to their ma
chinery plants, and obsolete tools have
been thrown on the scrap-iron pile. Ac
cording to the latest report of the pay
master general, the Value of the ma
chinery plants at these three navy
yards is: For New York, $2,124,726;
for Norfolk. $1,105,772, and for Mare
Island, $984,522. There are no private
yards in which the machinery: plant
foots up to such an amount, f and yet
they are capable, In most instances, of
building ' several armored ships be
sides undertaking mercantile ship
building and carrying on repairs.
More men are profitably employed on
a smaller capital invested in plants in
private yards "than in navy yards,
which goes to indicate that other
methods, rather than additional facil
ities, are needed in order to make the
navy yards fit for economical, rapid
and good work'. *
Rear Admiral Henry C. Taylor, chief
of the Bureau <rf Navigation, has pre
sented a tabular statement to Congress
showing that there will be a ; shortage
of 797 officers in June, 1907. . Captain W.
H. Brownson,' superintendent of the
Naval Academy, on the other hand, ex
presses the opinion that there will be
no 1 deficit, as a sufficient number will
graduate during the - next three years
to supply the requisite junior officers.
When naval experts disagree on such
a simple ; proposition it . becomes some
what ; difficult for Congress to legislate
to the satisfaction of all concerned.
• '¦ ••'¦«¦
The British navy building programme
formulated last March for 1903-04 Is
now, being carried out .v. ith some slight
modifications, ' there being some " doubt
about building the three projected
THREE VICTIMS
OF DEADLY GAS
Widdyr Employed as a Pantry
Hand at Occidental Hotel" De*
lib'erately Commits S.uicide
LEAVES . F0UE CHILDBED
Tcamsier : Succeeds After Four
■ I .-Trials arid ftn Aged Kancher.,
. Is # , Accidentally Asphyxiated
p Carb©n-mopox!de claim*ed°three more
yictiAis^ yesterday. Two -committed sui
. cide and ! the * tlflrd was : .accidentally
.asphyxiated.". - v l ■•^-^ : ';-.: . ; ; •-;.
•;. -Mrs. : Esther' E. •JarFett,. a»Myido\v, »0
years^ of^a'ge! wa»~employed as a P aiv ",
try' hand at;the;Occidental Hotel. She
i'did \ not ' maKe'^iier appearance in the.
"kitchen yesterday mornlrjg' to attend
i»to ; her ; duties and Inward Sproehule,
S*JJ3 *teward,. "Avent to hqi' :- rdorn. j. The
idopr, was locked and as ]he[ got no ao
! swer to his repeated kjiocka he-forced
'< it "open. The woman was dead - in. bed
and the gas was fully turned on. All
the crevices In 'i the room had been
stuffed with blankets and fhettins and
the keyhole had 4>e«-n 'plugged, showing
| that the woman had determined to end
I her life.- The body was taken; to the
' Monrile. r - ' ■■ \ '■■ • i ' .■'."■■' - . " ■ ■<-''■ .
( > ° Mrs. r Jarrett '; leave? four children—
two . girls and two boys, the youngest
6 of age and the oldest 13. Her
father, is W.B.. 0 Duncan, 127 Seventh,
street. No reason can be. given for the
rash, act. • ' '-..■'■'■' ' ' "■■ -' ■ .'.-■■
■ -Charles Joseph Harrington,- a team
fster,vivas found dead in bed yesterday
\ morning in his room at 53 Koff* avenue
with the gas fully turned on. Mrs. E.
Butt, the landlady, detected the odor
; of gas. and having, tra ceil it to Har
rington's room", asked E. Heteer, a
'roomer,' to investigate. Heiser :opened
tht? door, whith was unlocked, and was
nearly suffocated by the o escaping gas.
Harrington's brother.* R. L. Harring
ton, 70 permania street, told Deputy
Coroner that the teamster had
been despondent for some time and-had
three times before .-rttemfcted to commit
suicide by means of gas. The man who
committed suicide was a single» man
ard S5 years of age. , * °
o The° third case was that of Michrfsl
Langan, a-welf known rancher In the
San Joaquin Valley", o 80 years o/oajxe.
i He had been living at his sister's home.
| 1148 O'Furrell street. Yesterday nprn
! ing his sister.' Mrs. M. A. Turner., dis
covered him dead in* bed with the eas
| turneM partly oij. It is 'supposed that
Lang8n, after extingvflshlcJK the licht.
accidentally turned the gas on aerain
ahd caused 'the accident that resulted
in hte deaths Deceased jvas one ot the
most highly respected and best 'known
i •residentsoof the valley in o which he has
I.maBe his home for man^y' years*. His
' residence was in Newman, but* about.
' s.i$; months ago'he 'came to this city^.
j .where ha intended to loca'te. He was
! unmiyied. In" addition to his sister
jo*he leaves a large number of relatives.
The new duti** recently imposed by
the Colonials of the* Antipodes have
•raised sad havoc with some of our large*;
.exporting firm's, as well as* our local
•steaitiship companies. JForjnerly a carg«
at least one way was assured.. The house
wife does not worry if sly;' has a gras
ranpe from S: Ft, Gas and- Electric Co.,
415 Post .street. ■'■■;• -- ° • 5
Takes O|crdosc of Aconite.
Fred Smith, residing at "417 Kearny
street, toyk an overdose of aconite yes»
t«rday afternoon as a cure for the
grippe, and his life: was only 'saved by
:°prgmpt treatment at- the Central Emer
gency Hospital., Smith' took the poison
while visiting a friend: at "HM^ Howard
street: -He was 'removed to the':Emer*>
gency; Hospital, where/an srtntidote was
administered.. . " -- '. : , '.." -••} =
ADAMS'- Irish Moss Couch Bals»m belpa
ft%m the first dose, cures in a day.- 25c, We. •
Showcase Robbed.
The police were notiffed yesterday
that a showcase. 4n front, of Carroll &
Tftltpn's fflrnishing store, 811 Market
street, had been forced open during- the
night and eleven black soft hats and
twelve stiff hats had been stolen. The
value of .JtbeohatJfcis $37.
- Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. £0c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Cta».»
* _O . *
cruisers.cns the recent naval maneuvers
idicated that smaJl cruisers were c-f no
service, except for patrolling purposes
In tgme \ofo peace. Thirty-four vessel*
hav"e been ordered during the past year,
of which' three battleships, 9tamed re
spectively Britannia, oHibernia an$
Africa, are being built in dockyards.
They are of aa improved King Edward
VII type, of 16,350 ton* ajid 18.5 knots
speed, cpour armored craisers of the
Duke of Edinburgh class have been
named Warrior,. 0 Achilles, Natal and
Cochrane,' the Warrior being built at
Pembroke dockyard, the other three by
contract. Those armored cruisers are
of 13,550 tons and twenty- two knots
spee.tf. Four scouts of twenty-five knots
speed have been contracted for and
named' Attentive, Skirmisher, Fore
sight and Patrol. Four vessels of thJs
clas?.*are approaching completion. and
the Guilders were given a free hand to
produce • vessels on ifiejt own design
that would make the required speed of
twenty-flv& kne-ts. A like Rfovision
has been made in the four* new scduts,
th» displacements of which range from
2600 to 2700 tons. Ten submarine. boats
are being built by the. Vickers firm, at
Barrow, and contracts for thirteen tor
pedo-boats of .25% k.nots sveed and
about 540 tons displacement have been
placed with five of the foremost firms
whose work in that line has given ,the
best results in previous contracts. -'
BRITAIN' LIKES SUBMARINES.
The British Admiralty J has accepted
the submarine boat as an element in
warfare, and decided 'to build twenty
seven more of the crafts, bringing the
■ total up to forty-six, within the next
.twelve months. These boats have rap
idly grown in favor in the Brit'ih navy
and proved their value since their in^
jtroduction only thres years ago. Vickers.
Sons & Maxim, at Barrows, induced
the Admiralty in 1901 to purchase, the
plans of John Holland, on which eight
boats were being built for the United
States navy, and contracts were given
out for a first lot of five soon after, fol
lowed with an. order for four more. The
boats were : .within nine
; months and have undergone exhaustive
trials, In. which their merits have been
demonstrated, ; and such defects as ex
isted in earlier boats have been: reme
died in subsequent .. construction. * The
programme for 1903-04 provided for ten
boats- of ; increased - sire, ' and contracts
for nine : have -'been : given to ■ Barrow;s
and*' will be ready , for launching .in
March next. The designs for the tenth
beat: have. been- held back with- a; view
of : further improving' the type of fu
ture.'boats. The Admiralty hpw.proposes
to "■ build a flotilla- of ; twenty-seven in
batches of, nine at a\ time, and the,Bar
row, company is : busy^completing : the
boats , on hand- and • preparing", for • new
contracts. .A; special shed has been
built 'for, this class of work,. and all the
workmen ■' employed - are - 8 worn ' to - se
crecy. |MB78aB ■ '■
ORPHEUM BILL
AFFORDS TEST
Two /Widely -Variant Bits of
Irish -Comedy • Reveal the
Drift- • ot : ■ Public ; Taste
Ni;WBIIil/."AT:.THE OKAND
"iosfc EiyerV* Is A Good SeeniQ
° Pi'o^uctijon^Suiida^ Popular
Con^erts : '.tb; Be jnau^uratcd
;- On the/bill at tjie brpbeum this week
are ; tvfp' .-Iris Jj '.ccnrietly* acts. : that^ vary
as widijl i', inXohe: aa-.3a- the uitra-sub
llme'and;.'t1fev-e^ce^yeiy : Vi Wlctilcrus:.
One of 'y^mrVThc Fairy .iifKlllarney.V i
p'rerfentetfThty.fQnv.e*. V T. »'.'Holdeh ."'.iajid
Winifrjed • f Rlo'ri-u'fc.'.* isVa"- <J jtlbty.: crjasi-.
'cal sketc*i 'thiat ;defLH" : i>f ;-folk'.lDre.-..ianci
the mustG.1syr>r£tty'-'ahd. -v/giX: SUiiK;^he
dialogue "is. cteati' and/cleve.r. and-" the
.stage Lfurrt;shlt,g.i^"tbj? i .;Cti9^UiilinR
are ! pit-tures^i- : The';c»th'cr ;f#: In .a|>
hurdUy/entltle.tf- "-Casey^.the Fhr^man;"
In whr^h' Johh'ny.*'a»in.~I^m«ia 1 .Ray -ii&f
BUtne ,\viia|y .' w^apeerktpd • ••eharn.ct€rs>
apear; in f t ai} ;f fnpos^itle . and
Bay uhykely o lHJn^s. • H'oJdQiv apd Flot-~
ence pet . hardly ? ', rir^?|e'- of fturteAi3e;.
The Rays • keep- 1 he^o*ise ■ In . ft. roar., f or |
about half -an.- hour "aiwJ.'thfevam'called
back .'severa'KtixK^si- Further, toniment
n^Uht^avor 6I'.syReffliiit>'. ••• . *r.^f;. :
. Stuart >Barn^», \ nXpu/ilORistr. is • family
the star.* /OT, the •'new.^otners <that\tnlk.
His songs "afp; newr Ilia ")s.kf&" trptih
and furfny.'-and Ms.ifnitftfjoii .bf.:larail.-.
iar stage * chatactpfs and- .*o*>.nes 'verV
cleverly done..- 'riifibertns -and- Wi^rtdp
and a highly, edueated -. fo^. terrier. V- do
wonderful tittup ; 1 wrth>;mbt*ex.*atls.
and the. Two'fejh'4^ do; Cqunlly marvel':
ous thlhgs oh,- -a-, ladcier: Mth tio ioD.
support. MonrbevMabk
appear fci.a s'hjetch ciytitVed- "Tlie. Two
Senators." \\*hich' is .npisjf ertbush to.
suit the tn«st % exac£in)?.«tlcfclei v 'f6r:u0-.
roar— and thai .\b feaW.".^Uh .-.•WU re/
membra'nee Qf"tTse;di.n- ; fin^rp # of ''.'Caaey;,
the Fireman.* 1 ." .»;.'••.* ... ; '■•'.'. ; -". ~
3 It is a. pretty btill f .and I}. 'Sac a.
signiflcani -fat;t- fhat-'.-'th^ ,&ots .retkra
the flavor t>f rhe:"-o.ld-ttme' variety
theater. 'XKd luggers. >rit} '..the .emiil
ibrftts and""Cai}ey;. ttP? Frfejnan" Jaxe
the acts 4hat.siee'tn to. find.. Yrusst: favor,
With the nat£ ensr ef-.'St)-raU«<i -mDaern
vaudeville.* .•'••• -. % - .' ."/.•'"• •*: % -.V ■
••*<•.'* •.••••.,.-' •.".' '■-.
"L*st RiVer""-as''play.<>d a]t -ihe-'firand
Opera-h«use •this'.wee"k->dnta'ics a, Ijrge^
anjl varied. agSor^rfienf-ofv the t «l«fhenta
that appeaj t<J 'lovers o^':.Up-t«*dat^
melodrarfia.. Jjpsepti ArtJ}.ur> Wtto: wjote"
play, pvei;lcf<ys*cl riotMihg tnat couW
be mtroduced> in* it*. vith'-r'e'niQte. sefn-'
blance of .Congrukyj " . •'*.* .•-•'".; *■ ' ';•
Most of* the"faTniliar character,? are
there^ inrJuUfng* tf-ft beayti/u}'-.^nd'
haughty lady* *'5pe'aks» flawlese
English \C-ith* •aeUV)erat«ne'sp:and..V:ears.
stunning • gowris'r the iYigemioua :ye,f
heroicr rural * rpaide'n . who-.-mixep^-her
tenses dnd knea<fs dttu'fch irr full, vietf .ol
!he oaudien'ce; ajid <f\e 'T>er\ *oity\chaps
who scoff, at the c&yjrigs an^f doing? of
the.humMe ooupfl^ foJk.**The plot .re
volves oaround . the" 'feminjne chUd of
nature, and In Jts •des*erdpmeijt 'there
afe presented a bicycle* race. In' which
she saves the*, hero's "fife by -.shooting
quirtcly and sVraight, »nd sl horse 'race
in which she "is p;tr9tied by twb yilHans
and rescued just in nick of time. There
are several other ' thrilleVs and o any
amount of o cojned£. \ °°°°-:
' The cast°is 4\ long one. and 3 Miss Lot
tie Briscoe assumes the leading" role. ".
..Manager Will L 3 .° GrcSnbaum, encour
aged by the success achieved by similar
ventures' in Eastern citiey. haaf decided
to present a^ series of Sunday oa/ternoon
popular concerts.o commencing oit Feb
ruary 8. at Lyric Hall. The first three
concerts '-will be given by 4he Kopta
•Quartet, aided by Oscar 'Mans
feldt; pianiste: .The programme for next
Sunday.' embraces a quintet fox strings
and piano by Sinding, the Scandinavian
composer, dttnd Haydn's^ ciuartet, • "The
Lark o " Two smarter quartet numbers
will comnlete the e^nsembles,, and : Mr.
Kopta will play two vioJin dsolos. In
New York, Boston 0 and Chicago the
Sunday concerts are socle tj" events, and
the music lover*? of San Francisco pre
dict success for Mr. Greonbaum's en
terprise.o .
A large audieik;^ witnessed tho pre
sentation of "The Eternal Oity" last
evening at the California Theater.
The play continues sftl this week and
its two weeks' production promises to
be a feature of IJ^e seasoitr. .'. .
CONFIRMATION SERVICE
is <iiem> at TRixrrr
Bishop William Ford Nichols Per
forms Impressive Ceremony and
v o s '* "Delivers Profound Sermon.
The Right Rev. William -Ford
Nichols, Bishop of California, con
firmed a number of members of Trin^
ity Ojiurch last evening. The service
preceding the confirmation • ■Was
ducted by the Rev. Frtdericfc W.
Clampett. D. D., the rector* the Rev.
J. A. O'Meara. D. D., the curate, and
the Rev. Dr. McClure.
Those confirmed by Bishop Nichols
were Miss Aubrey Tallant," Miss Grace
Munro, Miss Catherine Brown, Miss
Minnie Richelmenn, Miss May Hos
mer, Mr. and Mrs. Decatur, Charles
Oliver, Elmer Cutaz, Andrew Dono
van, Louis Jones, Loring Pickering
and S. G.'Sawers.
. Bishop Nichols delivered a sermon
after the confirmation, choosing .the
text, "Lord/ what, wilt Thou have, Ine
do?" and laid stress ypon the vklue
of the question throughout one's, life.
It is a question, said Bishop Nichols,
that frames one's career and it was
the question upon which Paul's whole
future depended. The Bishop asked
that they make prayer their Iffe habit^
that they take refuge, in prayer. They
would find that there were times when
tliey will think that peace can only
come with' prayer, r rg *
The choir, undeF the direction of
Louis H. Eaton, 'sang among other
beautiful numbers, "Magnificat" and
"Nunc Dimittis" in E flat' by Haynes,
and Martin's anthem, "Savior, Breathe
an Evening Blessing." *
Ta£en Sick In Buggy.
H.' Hitchox a 'harnessmaker, living
at 1375 Stevenson street, was out driv
ing yesterday afternoon in a buggy and
was taken sick. -He was driven to the
Southern Pacific Hospital, but life had
fled when the hospital was reached.
Heart failure is supposed, to have been
the cause of death. He was 65 years of
age and lived with his family. The
Morgue was' . notified, tut permission
was given to take the body. to. the fam
ily residence. q .
Baby Suffocated by Pillow.
A female child, one day old, was
found dead beside its mother, Mrs.
Alfred Schuiv ■ 1313B Scott street,
at 6 o'clock yesterday , morning. The
child's father, had- placed the. baby be
side: its mother on Saturday night and
when he went to the bedside yesterday
morning, * the!- child was ; dead. T<he
pillow had v slipped down , 'over the
baby's' face Iwhile its "mother was
asleepl ■ The body 'was taken to the
Morgue. "-
ADVHBTI3EBLENTSL [ o' ' , '.. ■
SPEGIALSTHIS WEEK,
One: case 50-INCH HOMESPUN SUITING, in two toned
■ r/VMlx^dvefCBirt&;i'*:'Jli£e ape.Yem suitable for spring
outing suits.: . : ... .:...'...;..... Price 75c yard
One;case Genuine FRENCH "ETAMINE VQILE,' 1 43 Inches
wide. Tbese are.ln all the new shades Tor sprin&v
: 1904 . ..... . . . •: . ... .••: . ..*...*... Price $I.OO yard
One case BLACK ENGLISH MISTRAL CLOTH. This isV
( cne of the New Fabrics for spring wear . . ..... . . i nS.
§^|^|^|lgg|^^Frtc^ 75c yard
> 75 cartons extra aualltu SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON, full
have them in all shales... ..,..:•■
v '••?». ".•:^>.v.. :...'.: Pric^ 25c yard
;S--3;«S$S:lAptES' SWISS RIBBED VESTS anl DRAWERS^
;& ;: ;vio!h -white and: natural. These we naye.in all sizes
'•. ■^•..•■•'^:.; ..:. .. : .;:;."X;.^^. 7. . : .. •.-..■. Price SI. OO eactij:
■■MwtilQZVn GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
g*M} **i™ qruaiitu;.; TKeu come in K ani 1 mob liem:...
• :v ■;;. V- : .i : . j-::/-":-*''. ./>•:.".^.■....... f ... Price 20c each
/ J50 ctizm -yLAblES 1 .HEMSTITCHED ' HANDKERGHIEFS, :
• • • ■-'> :•' ; in- H' '^ifMs Jncfl- : nem> \ These are made - from an
CainfirlG-: . Price 12Y» c each
|^ l^e^^Si$?Cu£TAiN MUSLlN^Tfcesa are In small ; .
;": $^ ;:hgure : s.and;!ace/strlp^3-.'.,-:.-....Pri^ lOc yard
; tun ' 40 ' inches wiae, In
: : l -y istfipes; figures, small and medium size, dots .. ....
• ./V/:.:.:...// %^"... : ... «:...-.... ...Price 2Oc yard
.'..•■•W.e Will aiso : seil -this week about 45^ dozen iADIES 1 :
: •":.E1DERPOWW SACQUES',ln Light Blues, Reds and Grans, • ;
;'-S;tzfis.34 to 44. at ONE-THiRD'iess than; forme^ prices.. I
- '- ISil/^^T^l^ Ordefs "by mall receive prompt attention. '■
. •.;' •.i.^V— * * •-■— V Al1 orders for samples or* foods filled V
'. . . • 'i '."*.'" a 'V J shipped $ame dajf they are received. . • •
% ill :
■■'■ "■' Hi, US, 115, U7, 119, 121 POST STBEEr. 1 f:£
WOMAN TRIES
TO END LIFE
Emma Sweeney, Waitress in
Pacific-Street Dance Hall,
Shoots Herself Near Heart
Miss Emma Sweeney attempted to
commit suicide In her room in the
Shasta House, 246 Third street, about
3 o'clock yesterday morninjf by shoot
ing herself in the left breast. She was
employed in a dance hall at 409 Pacific
street.
Prank "Warren, a watchman employed
by the Morse agency, notlSed Police
man T. C. Murphy that the woman had
shot herself. Murphy hurried to heir
room and found her sitting jn a chair.
He asked her wht> had shot her and
she said that while Warren was asleep
on a cheir she took his revolver out of
his pocket and shot herself. She re
fused to give any reason for her act.
She was sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital.
Sam Barber, a friepd of Warren, was
also Id the woman's room, but he was
so drunk that he did not know that
anything had happened. He w*s
locked up in the City Prison on .a
charge of drunkenness. Police head
quarters was notified and Detecttve
Bunner and Freel went out on the
case. Warren had been detained by
Murphy,'' but after Bunner and Freel
had made an investigation he was re
leased, but his revojver was taken
from him. Warren told them that he
and Barber accompanied the woman to
h*-r room and they had a number^of
drinks. The woman, when questioned
.by Bunner and Freel, said the .only
reason she had shot Lerself was that
«hc had been drinking too much.
The woman's condition is deemed
critical. The hwllet entered just below
the heart and was extrapted by Dr.
<BoskowitS5.
MOUNT ZION HOSPITAL. IN
■ r A. FLOURISHING CONDITION
Directors Gather at Annual Meeting
and Nnmc Officers to Serve
During Coming Year.
The annual meeting of the board of
directors of Mount ZIon Hospital was
held yesterday morning. After the re
port of the secretary, wes re*ad, the
following officers were elected to serve
during the ensuing year:
President!'. William Haas: vice-president.
Emanuel Raas; secretary. Meyer H. I.evy:
treasurer. J. B. I-evlson; collector, David
Mlchafl-; board of directors— SI*. FeuchtwanK
er. JoBeplv . Brandensteln. William II. Gerstte,
Joseph Naphtaly. Leon Kaufman. I. W. Hell
man Jr., Joseph Hyman, Abe Brown.
The reports of the secretary, presi
dent, and treasurer of the hospital
showed that the institution is in a
flourishing, condition financially— in
fact, better off financially than at any
other. time during its existence. A
vast amount of aid was extended the
poor and homeless during the year,
and many improvements were made
in the hospital building.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. { 31.— Further tn
vestlgatlon of the atory published In the
United ■ States tinder a ■ Berlin <1ato to th« ef
fect that during . recent maneuvers of Russian
troops a bridge. was blown up by order of the
Grand Duke Serge.': Governor. General O f Mos
cow, resulting. In fie killing and Injuring of
fifty officers and 1000 men. proves It to hava
been absolutely false..
.' Some very .'swell wedding Invitations com*
Xxom Knowles, SI Second street. Mala 89V *
gOLDBERg
BDWEN -
Monday jTuesday Wednesday
Tub Butter * •' *:^; r>; : " lb 25c
dreamery — cut fall weJjfit
Teas— reg'ly 50c lb 40c
8 flavors— 2 n» 75c
ril but Bee brand Ceybn
Kona coffee— reg'ly 25c to 20c
First sale this year— buy plenty
Chicken, soup 27 >k
Franco-American — rej'Iy 35c—
quart can— Is« than trade prfce
Lucca Oil — Sublime !?•. . 50c
Our importation from Italy-—
reg'ly 60c quart
Macaroni— reg'ly tic lb — x lbs 25c
Spaghettr-vermicelli-letters and numbers'
—-imported Fy«nch paste
Gelatine^ — Cox / 2 for 25c
Best made— reg'ly 15c large size
Prunes—^-Italian 3% lbs 25c
Tart wholesome fruit— reg'ly 10c lb ,
Blueberries^-Maine 20c
Delicious for pies — puddings $2.25
r?2'ly 25c— $2.50 dozen
Vigor Chocolate— reg'ly 6Sc lb— 55c
Kraft-Germany's noted health food
Dates— reg'ly 12 #c lb 10c
Black Fard-kind for stuffing
Bscon — Ferris 22c
Good every morning in the year »
reg'ly 24c lb
Hamamejis — extract of witch-hazel
}i pint 15c pint 25c quart 40c
Brillantine — French - . 20c
Vioiette — Imparts lustre to the hair —
reg'ly 25c bottle :.. v c j
Shelf oil-doth 1 , 55«
12 yards in rott—whlte —
reg'ly 75c— scalloped edge -
Spedal .discount— 25 per cent
off regular retail prices for 3
days on Jelly— Cake— Ice
cream moulds
Liquor Department
Whisky-O. O. F. bourbon $1
Reg'ly $1.25 bottle— $5 gallon 4
Highland Club-Scotch ) «-,
Killycroy-Irish -J> 60C
Re^'ly $1 bottle
12-year old — Scotch $1.20
Like a liqueur— reg'ly $1.50 bottle
Topaz sherry 55c
Good Spa • wine — $J
reg'ly 75c bottle — $2.50 gallon
Gin— Wynand Fockink $1.25
As fine as is made —
reg'ly $1 .50 stone jug or black bottle
Ginger ale — Belfast '. $1.35
Cochrane & Go. — rich — sparkling
White Wine^-reg'iy ?sc gai S5c
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2829, California San Franolsco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland