•THE WEATHER. C\ x
i -: ;-^-( <Q
.Cisco - lor thirty/ hours jradln?,
nxid^irht, February. 154 >| ,*j?
San ■ tranciBcoaiid^ vicinity— >
Rain Monday; brisk to high
southerly wind
a. e. willsow,
Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 77.
JAPANESE LOSE HEAVILY IN FIRST
LAND ENGAGEMENT WITH RUSSIANS
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Daily Mail's Newchwang correspondent, under date of FeDruary .11, caDles: "According to official Port Arthur telegrams, the Japanese landed a force yesterday at
Pigeon Baj, West of Port Arthur. They were then attacked by troops and by the land batteries and were defeated with heavy losses; 1 ' : ;
The Daily Mail's Port Arthur correspondent, under date of February 13, says: ,; "Official advices state that the Japanese landed 600 ; soldiers near Talienwan with disastrous results, 410 being
sabred by Cossacks. The remainder escaped to their ships. It is further stated that the Japanese; landed at Dove Bay, where thirty of them were killed and the remainder retreated."
DISASTROUS
ATTEMPT TO
LAND ARMY
Japanese Are Said to Have
Falleij Into a Trap.
Special Cablegram to The Call a'nd.Xew YorkJIerald. Copyrieht, 1904,-jby ;
the Sew York Herald Pnhiishlns Coninnny.
CHEFU, Feb. 12, (Delayed).
— During the second bombard
ment of Port Arthur on Tuesday,
while the Japanese fleet engaged
the Russian ships, the Japanese
partly landed frqrn four trans
ports, 3500 soldiers in all, at Bic!
zuito. The Russians allowed
them to land. Then they made a
grand charge with artillery, in
fantry and cavalry, principally.
Cossacks and coast guards, and
almost annihilated the Japanese,
who were unprepared for an at
tack, seeing no Russian defenses
at the place of landing. The bat
tleships which escorted the trans
ports were too far away . from
The San Francisco Call.
shore to render any assistance.
It was reported on Wednesday
on the coast that six Japanese
battleships were sighted near
Kinchau Bay, twenty-five miles
north of Port Arthur, and evi
dently intended to land f roops.
The forts at Kinchau opened fire,
but the battleships, being beyond
reach, did not reply and retired.
Kinchau is a. strong fort com
manding the entrance to Liao-"
tung peninsula from Manchuria.'
The latest news is that the
whole Japanese fleet is at Pigeon
Bay, twelve miles from Port Ar
thur, and will try to effect a land
ing and shell the* town.
SAN' FRANCISCO, ] MONDAY,^FEBRUARY 15, 1904.
REPORTED
SINKING OF
TRANSPORT
NAGASAKI; Feb. 14.— Six
Norwegian steamships * chartered
by a Russian naval contractor
have been captured. The vessels
are the Lena, the Active, 'the Sen
tis, the Seirstad, the Argo and : the
H ermes. ' They carried coal car
goes. The Hermes has arrived
Here under the convoy of a cruiser.
It is reported that 1800;Japan
ese soldiers have been killed, ; pre
sumably ; by the sinking of a
: TIENTSIN,. .Saturday,' Feb.
v 13!— Ten '■: thousand, Chinese, regu
lars ' have , been ordered to leave
Paotingfu- for service on tHe
Chili-ManchurianAborder^^ ; ":}^ ; ;
■KOSSIA^Y : AND GKOMpBOI^ TWO FORMIDABLE \ CRUISERS : OF 'THE RUSSIAN VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON.
, '. ' _* '■■' \ ' .-f.\ '-■ .. '■• , - -: THE VESSEL-IN THE. FOREGROUND'S: THE ROSSIAY."
ASKS EXPLANATION
OF GREAT BRITAIN
Russia Preparing : for a F^inal Aecount-
Gbverhment.
Special : Cablegram 'to The . Call and v Xew^Yotk^Herald.; Copyright, 1 904, : by
'*. the New York Ileraldt Publishing Company.
S'EV PETERSBURG^ Feb.- ■ ■ I4-— In- spite- of denial of
Lord; :Larisdbwne . it; is", still believed: here thatvthe/Jap- .
anese: fleet { had; its" headquarters at , AVeihaiwei/ A courteous \ yet ::' :
. sharp ; nbte;lms\reache^-trje;British>Ernbassador:h
if the Japanese by, sortie misunderstahding. had been j allowed '. Vtb; *
enter ' Weihiai weir ■ ' I f • so England ; is .requested * to reoccupy .the ;
place, otherwise;her-failure : todo.so;will;be;rega
• actioii'by, the imperial ; Governrherit..
/■Rirth^r,>the^
ing.theJfprmai'protestsjoiiRussiaia^^^
Matters are assurhirig;a very serious ;aspect,_ as will -be shown
' by !the following items of news,'-; which'Lhavejreceived^from anau-.-.
-. thoritative sourceandtheiimpbrtancc of. which any one well- ac
Continued on Pace 3, Columns 3 and 4.
'•■ " ■;• •:-■;•) ;* -■>'•■.■•'/•••'- ■-"••■■^■ 1 - '■■■;■■■
THE THE ATX S3. "***
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
California— "Bell's Auction."
. Central--' M The Men of Jimtown."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Julius Caesar."
rischer t s^-"Boly-Poly ."
. Grand — "Whoop-Dee-Boo."
' Orpheum — Vaudeville.
i Tlvoll— "When Johnny Comes
Marchlnsr ' Home." ■
DALNY BOMBARDED
BY THE JAPANESE
Mikado's Marines Are Said to Have
Effected Landing in the
Russian Port.
LONDON, F"eb.* 15:— The Daily Telegraph's Shanghai cor
respondent,', under date of February 12, says it is reported that the
-Japanese have bombarded Dalny and.landed marines.
A" special from Tokio to-day reiterates the report that three
: ; of the four: Russian of the Vladivostok squadron were
1 blown up Friday night, by mines in attempting to pass Tsugaru
■iStrait. :The report" is still unconfirmed and is not given great
. credence.
•Under date of, February 12 the Times' Tokio correspondent
\'says that the ;Russiah Vladivostok, squadron, consisting of the
.■;cruisers'Gromoboi; Rossia>% Rurik and Bogatyr, accompanied by
-f- a i transport, passed Tsugaru Strait on February 11, steering west
ward,,but that the.destination:of the squadron is* unknown.
The Tokio correspondent of the Times, cabling under date of
rv February;i2,:says:v that the Japanese squadron has
sealed Port Arthur." JBH
The, TimesV Weihaiwei correspondent says that on themorn-
Continued on pace 3, columns 5 and 8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
CALL CORRESPONDENT VIEWS CHEMULPO BATTLE
JAPAN PLANNING
TO TAKE REVENGE
Nation Is Deeply Stirred by Russian
* *
TOKIO. Feb. 14--Japan is deeply
Etlrred and bitterly resentful over the
sinking of the merchant vessel Zensho
Maru by four Russian cruisers, which
on Thursday attacked the Zensho Maru
and her companion, the Nakamura
Ma ru, while they were on their way
from Hakata to Otaru, on the island
of Hakkaido. The attack of the Rus
sians is declared to have been a wan
ton crime, unjustified under any cir
cumstances, even assuming that the
Zensho Maru disregarded signals, which
Is denied.
The Foreign Office Issued thetollow
ing statement regarding the sinking of
the Zensho Maru:
■ "Two Japanese merchant vessels, the
Zensho Maru and the Makamura Maru,
tonnage 170 and 700 respectively, while
sailing from Hakata for Otaru. were
suddenly attacked by four Russian
cruisers from Vladivostok on February
11 when ten miles off Jansangtu. Fir«
was opened without any order being
given the vessels to surrender. The
Xakamura Maru succeeded in escaping.
.The other vessel was surrounded by
the cruisers and sunk. All on board
vere either killed or drowned."
It is said the Japanese Government
is planning reprisals. Several Russian
ships that have been detained In order
to prevent reports of the movements
ot the Japanese reaching the enemy
will now, it is said, be sent to the prize
courts and all probably will be con
fiscated.
The presence of Russian squadrons
in Northern Japanese waters centers
all interest there. * The country Is iso
lated and it 1s difficult to obtain satis
factory reports from there.
RUMOR OF BOMBARDMENT.
A variety of rumors are stirring
Tckio. One says that Matsumaye has
b?en bombarded and another that Jap
anese cruisers have. engaged the Rus
sians. The 'Government has not con
firmed anything except the Zensho
Maru incident.
It is doubted that Matsumaye 'has
been bombarded, because it is un
defended. It is regarded as probable
that the Russian fleet either returned
U) Vladivostok after completing a
movement planned to divert the Jap
anese or else passed through the Tsu
gara Straits, moving southward.
Th% - Japanese cruiser squadron is
6coiiting in the hope of locating the
Russian fleet. If the Russians should
attempt to effect a Junction with the
Port Arthur fleet the Japanese will
attempt to block the way and force an
engagement.
The Japanese Government has de
cided to accept the parole of France
for the Russian prisoners captured at
Chemulpo, at the time of the sinking
of the Variag and Korutz, provided
they be sent to Shanghai. Russia en
gages not to let them come north of
Shanghai until the end of the war. An
exception is made in the case of twenty
wounded men aboard the French
steamer Pascal. They will be taken to
Chef u and placed in a hospital.
Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minis
ter, withdrew from the capital at 9
o'clock Thursday night Lines of
mounted police guarded and- kept
clear the streets from the legation to
the Shinbashi station, where the Min
ister entrained. The crowds were not
difficult to handle, but were good
naturedly intent on celebrating the
success of the Japanese navy. The
diplomatic staffs and many friends.
both Japanese and foreign, assembled
at the station and bade Baron de
Rosen farewell, with - a ceremony
somewhat mournful. The police
guarded the train and accompanied
the Russian Minister and party to
Yokohama, where it embarked on the
French steamship Yarra, which sailed
at 9 o'clock Friday morning.
PAVLOFF LEAVES VOLUNTARILY
The Japanese Government denies
that Pavloff, Russian Minister to
Korea, withdrew from Seoul on Fri
day under Japanese pressure, claiming
that his withdrawal was entirely vol
untary. It is said that Pavloff.
through the French Minister. Inti
mated a desire to leave Seoul and en
trust Russian affairs to the care of
the French legation and have placed
a French guard around the legation.
The Japanese Government acqui
esced in this arrangement and ar
ranged so that when Pavloff left the
legation to-day soldiers Instead of po
lice guarded the route to the station,
where a special train to Chemulpo was
supplied. An officer escorted Pavloff
to Pascal. The Japanese fleet- was
give;, instructions not to Interfere
with PavIofTs departure. From Pas
cal Pivloff will go. to Chefu. U- - -
- The foregoing disclaimer by Japan
indicates that, despite the fact * that
Korea Is largely dominated by the
Japanese military force, the Govern
ment has no intention at present of
trsumlnr territorial possession.
Wednesday night's celebration over
the naval victory • at Port Arthur far
exceeded that of the day in noisy en
thusiasm. Early In the evening Im
promptu processions of thousands of
men began to form and paraded
through the principal streets and
surged about the public buildings and
the palace, carrying banners and
cheering wildly. The Russian legation
v.-as dark and silent. No unfriendly
demonstration was made there by the
immense crowds constantly passing it.
but : :arcn de Rosen's associates plain
1;- heard the din and noi.s of "e tri
umphant people. Bands, drums and
horns added volume to the cheers of
the noisy populace. Every reveler
carried a lantern, flag or transparency.
The people have been restrained and
calm for so many months that they
are pouring out their long pent-up
feelings Into a wildly enthusiastic cel
ebration of victory. It was Manila,
Ladysmith and Santiago nights du
plicated, with an Oriental setting.
RUSSIAN CRUISER
ASKOLD GOES D0}VN '
IX THIRTY -FATHOMS
/, CHEFU. Feb. 14.— It Is reported that
32.000 Japanese troops were landed at
Dove Bay last Wednesday morning and
that they were met by the Russians,
who engaged them in a hand-to-hand
fight. The report says the Japanese
were driven back. It also is reported
that Japanese troops have been landed
forty miles farther west.
Passengers who have arrived at Port
Arthur eay the Russian cruiser Askold
was damaged in Tuesday's battle In
the roads outside of Port Arthur, but
was kept afloat until Saturday; •• when
she sank in thirty fathoms.
The Russians . have explained their
reasons for firing on the British steam
ship Fuping and wounding three of the
Chinese crew. They, assert that the
vessel was leaving port without
clearing. *TRyFK£lfjiJljH»lilfll'
The British steamship Wanshow- is
being held by- the Russian authorities
at Port Arthur f6r refusing to, deliver
Japanese passengers. . . v -.
Captain Gundarsen of the, Norwegian
collier Bygde has been* imprisoned- at
Port Arthur for four days for having
in his possession a chart of the 7 Sing
Yang Tan coalingr station west of Port
Arthur, and showing the chart to the
Japanese. The Japanese were arrested
with him, but their whereabouts is not
known. "£234
It is' reported that a correspondent
has been arrested while attempting to
send .news by the steamer, Chef u, . : sail-
Ing for Port Arthur. The captain was
allowed to Jeave on agreeing to "say
nothing about the unconfirmed; report
that fifty-one Russian sailors had been
killed in the engagement on Tuesday.
One refugee says he saw seven bodies
landed from a disabled cruiser : which
was in a bad position, with a. heavy
list, bow down.
All foreign steamships that have left
Dalny have heard nothing of the Jap
anese fleet or army, j
There are 200 Japanese still In Port
Arthur, it is 'said, and . there - Is . some
uneasiness concerning, their . safety.,
Refugees who have arrived. here. claim
that they were thrown into prison and
that, their money and* clothing -were
taken. ' • ".• • :".
The steamship Chefu arrived here to
day from Port Arthur with a large
number of refugees, mostly Chinese,
but a few Europeans. The report of a
land fight between Dalny "and .Port
Arthur on Tuesday morning Is not con
firmed by those who came from Port
Arthur. , v '",-.
After the attack on Port Arthur
on Tuesday, the Japanese fleet did not
return. About thirty shells struck in
town. One on Main street broke every
window. Others struck on the hills
among: . small houses, one ' killing a
woman and a child. The people - are
i anic stricken and are leaving . the
town by every train. ,
The German flagship Hansa has ar
rived here for coal. Her movements
are being watched with interest. She
left Port Arthur three weeks ago and
has since that time been cruising In the
Gulf of Pechili and along the Korean
coast. It Is also remarked that the
German steamer Chefu was given pref
erence over other vessels In leaving
Port" Arthur. Advices from Dalny,
dated Wednesday, stated that every
thing was quiet there.
RUSSIA'S BALTIC SEA
FLEET HAS BUT FOUR
UP-TO-DATE VESSELS
The report from Germany that fif
teen Russian warships have started
from . " the Baltic Sea ■* for s the
Orient is apparently an exaggera
tion. There remain In the Baltic ports
only eight battleships, four armored
cruisers, seven coast defense ships and
two protected cruisers. Of the battle
ships ' the Alexander , III, Borodino,
Knlaz Souvaroff and Orel are new
ships, launched in 1901-02 and ought
to be completed by this time. TJiey
are of 13,600 tons and eighteen knots
speed. The Alexander II, the Peter
Veliki and the Sissol Veliki range
from .9927 tons to 8880 tons and are
deficient in speed and protection. The
Xavarin, of 10,200 tons, also is out of
date. . None of the four armored cruis
ers are fit to stand up against the
rough usage by Japanese ' ships, as
they are comparatively old, of small
size and slow speed.
-The coast defense ships range in
size from 3462 to 4200 tons, three be
ing built as far back as 1867-68, the'
others In 1893-94-96. They are rated
at about ten knots and' would be ut
terly useless In the open sea.
The two protected cruisers are the
Almax and the Admiral Korniloff.
The latter was built in 1887 and has
done many years' service in Asiatic
waters, necessitating her present re
construction, now in progress; and the
Almaz, Just completed, is of only 2385
tons.
Under the most favorable conditions
the Baltic relief force would not exceed
the' four new battleships referred to,
with the possibility of the Navarin be
ing added. S&PQBBH • ,-.
WRIGHT CORRECTS HIS
REPORT THAT RUSSIAN
SHIPS ARE AT MANILA
.WASHINGTON, -Feb. 14.— The ad
ministration is somewhat puzzled over
the report from Governor i Wright that
there, were seven Russian warships in
Manila Bay yesterday. Secretary Taft
received a cable' message from Gov
ernor. Wright' yesterday afternoon,
which read:
"Seven Russian warships in. the har
bor. - Send instructions. Has - United
States declared neutrality?"?
Secretary Taft immediately took this
message to the White House and a
conference with the President and
Secretary Hay followed. Secretary
Hay was anxious that these warships
should get away from Manila before
their presence should generally, become
known, to prevent the 'danger of a
naval battle In the region of the Phil
ippines and possibly in waters under
the Jurisdiction of the United States.
Secretary Taft cabled the full proc
lamation of 'neutrality to- Governor
Wright and also sent Instructions to
the effect that the Russian ships could
be : allowed ; to . remain at Manila not
more than twenty-four hours.
Last night Secretary Taft received a
second message from Governor
Wright, saying: »
"Report of Russian warships in har
bor an error."
Just v exacUy what is the meaning of
Governor Wright',* . two -dispatches
neither ; the Secretary " of War nor the
President Lj able to say.
•Caring for Wounded Russians.
LONDON, Febl 14.— The Japanese
legation here has .been Informed that
thirty-four, of.' the Russian wounded
in the fight between the- Japanese and
Russian fleets at Chemulpo will bs
placed in the hospital and. the nursing
home,- where they will' be 'treated 'by
competent Japanese doctors*
THE SAN FRANGISGOv CALL,; MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1904
CALIFS .SUMMARY, QFDAY^S;. WAR, NEWS
Reports of a terrific battle with bayonets, in which 1 2,000 Japanese troops were driven
back •by'Russian^soIdie
Port Arthur, on; Wednesday; the Japanese; invading force, the dispatches state, was met by the
Russians before"afwthold the bayonet
was the a rm r used; by both armies. details of the battle are meager/ late dispatches' fully
confirm The: Call's special cable, printed on Friday morning, in which it was said that an attempt
ed ; landing had: been made by the Japanese at!Pige6n Bay. " : - • ; ~ ■ v'
Tokio is.; incensed at I the "; of , a merchantman ' by. Russian cruisers, calling - the
affair a .wantorrcrirne and.tlireatcning'reprisalSv --i : S
Japan has accepted France's parole for. the de-'
stroyed warships Variag arid Ko™^ ->.
St. Petersburg, o^tials. were. throw^ .consternation on
I [ling that; American naval o fficcrs. are; on, board thejapanese fleet at Port Arthur.
In a special dableto -The Call the;fall^pf Port Arthur is; declared to be certain, ; the Japan
army and navy working together to that end; : : * '
complication has appeared 'in'tjiepuzzl^
squadron, reported torpedoed in Tsugaru Straits,; and also said^tdihaveboinlj^rde^ Hakodate
and. to have sunk a Japanese merchantman.;. From ;Nagasaki/cbmes a report that three of the
giant actually were" torpedoed in the . Tsugaru ''Straits. '.■■■ No details are given arid the re
port is not yet accepted as authentic." " •-:;-■;— -v-- - - - --->..--. 'r-;:--f h^'-fr? .7: -
The Japanese have, captured six Norwegian steamships carrying coal to.Port Arthur.
Chinese regulars have been ordered to defend the-frontier, of Manchuria.
France has' issued a proclamation of neutrality.' .
.Russian Viceroy Alexieff. confirms the report that: 19,006 Japanese troops have landed
A special cablegram to The Call , gives the first reliable and vivid "description of the engage
ment in Chemulpo harbor, the destruction of tlie 'Russian warships Variag and Korutz having
been witnessed by its correspondent aboard the steamship Ajax. -•-. , hSI
Russia is preparing for the possibility, of war with Great Britain.
FIRST AUTHENTIC ACCOUNT
OF GREAT NAVAL COMBAT
How the Variag and the Korutz AVere Destroyed in Unequal
Special Cabie to The Call and' Xew York Herald: Copyright, 1904, by the New^ York Herald Publishing Company.
, NAGASAKI, Feb. 14.^- At .4:30 o'clock
p. m. February 8;: the Japanese ,war
ships Akashi, Chlgoda, Takachiho,
Naniva and Mikasa, with seven tor
pedo boats and- three' transports, en
tered Chemulpo, harbor, having ■ on
board 2500 men. They began to land
troops immediately, in .- perfect order
and under a superb system, and at
dawn of February 9 all of the men were
billeted safely. The warships then
withdrew.!
At 10 o'clock the Japanese Consul
warned British residents that Admiral
Urlu,' commanding the . squadron, had
given the Russian senior ; officer, the
captain of the Variag, . and the com-;
mander of the Korutz ~ until nocm * to
leave port, failing which he would be Ti
gin action. ' *•*«•»■.
At 11 : 30 o'clock In the forenoon the
Variag and the Korutz steamed away.'
I proceeded in the steamship Ajax;
from which I. saw them met by eight
Japanese vessels. '
.The first gun was fired at 11:40. The
Japanese, scorning the Korutz, concen
trated their fife "on the ; Variag. ■; The
latter continually circled around, reply
ing from her \ sides alternately, but it
was apparent that her shooting was not
good. On every side her shells , went
wide. It was observable that the Jap
anese gradually closed, the battleship
Mikasa doing most of the firing and
damage.
At 1:15 p. m. they ceased ; firing as
the Variag re-entered the harbor and
took up a position, \ with the Korutz,
among the other warships. One of; her
boilers was injured and she -was onfire
astern. The flames were extinguished
by flooding the compartment. She re r
fused to disclose 'the 'number of -J her
casualties.
The Japanese, meanwhile, -had with
drawn again, waiting until — y\^
(Here the special cable ■ was broken
off, but . it began again as follows:) ;
' Four ' o'clock— My writing was Inter
rupted at this moment by a terrific re
port. The Korutz has been blown up
by the Russians, whose men can be
seen in boats pulling for - the Variag v
An Immense column of smoke arose*
and then cleared awayr leaving a eight
of Korutz , with ' funnel and ' mast "just
above water. ' '
The Japanese ashore are wildly cheer
ing. The Variag • still remains at
anchor.
At 5:20 p. m. fire appeared in the after
part of the Variag and spread slowly.
The Japanese then stopped firing. . • ,
• :. The Variae heeled over, surely but
barely perceptibly, and at 6:05 she sank
with a loud rumble. .
The Russians admit the Korutz fired
the first shot, but say it was accidental,
no doubt. They> made a fine fight
against odds. .
JAPANESE ACCOUNT
OF SINKING OF THE
VARIAG AND KORUTZ
; NAGASAKI/ Feb. W^The. vessels
that comprised the - ; Japanese ■ fleet
which > destroyed the Variag ; and Kor
utz 'were tha cruisers Naniva. • Taka
chiho, ; Asahi, . Suma and the Asama.
The' Japanese did not lose a man.
A dispatch from Chemulpo gives the
following account of the destruction of
the Variag and Korutz: :>. ■^•jVi
The Japanese fleet, ; commanded by
Admiral Urlu on the * flagship Adzuma,
arrived at noon and sent a wireless
telegram to the Japanese cruiser Chl
goda. ' i which was lying at anchor be
tween the Variag and Korutz to join
the fleet outside. The Rursians found
themselves trapped. Admiral .Uriu
then signaled, giving, the' Russians five
minutes In which to surrender. ~ \ The
Russians ignored the demand to sur
render and the Japanese opened fire.
A ' brisk engagement, lasting two
hours, followed.- The Russia.! vessels,
getting the worst of an encounter .In
which the odds were overwhelmingly
against them, steamed back Into : the
harl»or. The Variag,' which waB badly
damaged, listed heavily:. ;■ : . •; ■ - f. ■
Two. hours later- the Russians at
tempted to i break . through • the : Jap
anese fleet, which was. \encountercd
four miles from the inner harboi A
fierce fight followed. The Russian ves
sels were badly' damaged. .The Korutz
was' blown up, presumably by its own
crew, in order" to" escape ; capture.; A
portion of the crew was rescued by the
Fre-ch and Italian -essels in the: har
bor. The Variag > tried to es cape, but
sidv'enly ; an/ explosion . occurred ■■ and
the Variag was seen to sink. Wheth-
er she was sunk by a Japanese r hell or
by >-er own crew Is not known.. ■'.
\ The United States gur.boat sVIcks-;
burg and the British cruieer Talbot
witnessed the battle. ' "
The survivors of the Variag and the
Korutz still rremaln on board *of. the
British cruiser Talbot, the Italian
cruiser .Elba and the French cruiser
'Pascal.; "The situation is becoming
acute,- 1 as the Japanese have twice
made^ demands on the commanders of
the .ree foreign vessels that the Rus
sians ' be : surrendered as prisoners of
war.:.- The captain of the Talbot. being
the senior naval officer,' each time re
plied; that*- he. was awaiting „ instruc
tions from hiajf Government. None of
the Itussians are on board the Ameri
can gunboat Vicksburg, whose * com
mander considers that the Japanese
are right in their demand, as the Rus
sian took advantage of the clemency
of 'the Japanese, returning. to the'har
bor and then taking refuge on the for
eign vessels and refusing to surrender,
whereas the Japanese fleet refrained
from sinking them; in the open sea as
it could have done. - ;
A magnificent episode of the battle
was the second sortie of the two Rus
sian cruisers. - With bands playing the
national anthem," the international
fleet loudly cheering the, bravery and
gallantry of the Russians,-: the 'Variag
and Korutz faced the ; entire - Japanese
fleet and certain destruction. . •
The position of the wrecks appears
to be such ■ that it i will be easy to : re
cover the same. The Russian losses
were one officer and . forty : men killed
"and. 464 wounded., . .
RUSSIANS CHEERED
BY BRITISH AS THEY
G(i FORTH TO TIGHT
.* SEOUL, Friday, Feb. 12.r— The fol
lowing account of the battle off : Che
niulpo, which resulted In the . loss r of
the Russian cruiser Variag and < the
gunboat Korutz, has reached here : .
During the night of February 8 the
Japanese landed 1300 men at Che
mulpo and on the morning of the 9th
three Japanese .cruisers, four gunboats
and eight torpedo boat destroyers,
under command of Admiral Urlu, ap
proached the ; harbor, . "but did nbt
enter. The Korutz and .Variag i were
lying In the harbor. The Japanese
Admiral gave" them until noon^ Ho
come out. Bo Uk Russian vessels
cleared for action. All the shipping in
the harbor was" notified by A^iral
Uriu to get out of the firing line.
There was in -the -harbor also the
British cruiser Talbot, the French
cruiser Pascal, " the Italian cruiser
Elba and the United States gunboat
Vicksburg. All • were active. The
Variag signaled the Talbot and a boat
from the British cruiser went to her.
afterward the Variag and
Korutz got under- way and steamed
out -of the harbor. The crew of . the
English warship cheered them as they
went out to fight. * ' . .
When the Russians were four, miles
out the Japanese threw a shot across
their bows, but they did not stop. The
Japanese lay between the ; Islands, ten
miles ; out, blocking , the only : entrance
to the harbor. ... ;,;, , ;
j When the Russians were six miles
from the Japanese fleet heavy firing be
gan on both 'sides. The Variag turned
her broadside loose at 11:55 a. m.. Then
the Variag turned at right angles to the
westward and steamed a short' distance
as. If to make the beach, but was seen
to suddenly turn again and give the
enemy her other broadside. The Japa
nese continued firing until, 12:22 o'clock,
when the Variag was seen to be on fire
near the stern. The Russian vessels
then turned back toward the harbor
and ceased firing at 12 : 42 • p. m. The
Japanese followed almost to 'the en
trance of the'' harbor, firing on the
Variag, which had a heavy list to port
and was evidently in a sinking condi
tion. The .Korutz was practically un
touched. , •
The Variag lost thirty men and
seven officers killed ; : and forty-two
wounded. Count Muro was killed on
the bridge. .*; -• ' >.• ;
About 600 , shots were fired In .all,
but the firing was < not' very 'accurate
and the Variag was hit In; only- six
places. One shot which struck her -on
the waterline amidships wrecked - one
of her engrines. ; ,; , -v
When. the Russians. anchored; off the
entrance - to the harbor the British
cruiser sent . four hospital boats on
board with ; a doctor and ; nurse.'J The
United States gunboat Vicksburg, also
sent three boats with surgical assist
ance. sSBggg^Ega '
The Korutz was abandoned at 3:30
p. m.," her crew going on', board the
Pascal, and at 3:57 p. m. she blew "up
.with a terrific explosion. The Variag
was abandoned soon afterward, her
officers deeming her situation hopeless.
Her dead were left on board. The crew
of the Variag went on board v the Talbot,"
the Pascal and the Elba. Some also
went the Vicksburg. : /
The Variag burned until 6 p.m., with
frequent , explosions, as the i flames ig
nited her amunition. She sank, turning
over to. port aa she went down. The
Russians 'eventually went> from the
Pascal to the steamship Sungaii. -A
Russian officer told the captain of the
Vicksburg that he had come to ask
asylum for one night only." ./
The Japanese casualties* are not
known, but it is rumored that one tor
pedo-boat destroyer was ; sunk during
the^ - action. '' . _'".-:" -;-.
jS t O RUSSIAN WARSHIPS
PUT OUT OF ACTION
; IN PORT ARTHUR FIGHT
, PARIS, Feb. 15. — The. Journal's
Yengchau correspondent, under date of
February ; 12, say s :
"Russian; wires being absolutely for
bidden, I am obliged to leave Port 'Ar
thur.
."Monday's surprise was absolute. The
squadron was , anchored, only .one ves
sel using . a searchlight. . When firing
began the officials and several naval
officers thought that only maneuvers
were intended, as the Japanese had
hugged the coast 1 with lights veiled.
"The Cesarevltch, the Retvizan and
the Pallada were not destroyed and the
two former are floating in port with re
pairable breaches. Complete repairs
will be difficult at Port Arthur, but the
vessels are utillzable in the \ roadsted.
All tb ree took part In the second *. en -
gagement, which took place on '. Tues
day. "TjTnj^ltftflimiMlB'ijIlllHlw
' "The population ■ is fleeing from Port
Arthur and the authorities are endeav
oring to rid themselves of useless per
sons. Viceroy Alexieff apparently for
sees a long jlege. ltvls certain that
Russia Is preparing to make a great ef
fort here." -
RAIDING CRUISERS
ARE E3IBARRASSING ,
JAPANESE COMMERCE
YOKOHAMA; Feb. 14.— The. four
Russian; cruisers which sunk the Zen
sho Maru had v first appeared in: the
Taugaru Straits on Feb 11, escorting a
transport from Vladivostok. } Another
steamship, the Nakamura Maru, met
the Russian cruisers, but escaped from
them. - v
All traffic between 'Hakodate; and
Aemeri has been suspended, owing to
Russian raiders. Great Indignation Is
felt ' here over ' the ' sinking of a com
mercial steamship -and I it Is believed
that i It Is a. violation of the interna
tional law of warfare. '.
STEAM3HIP - MONGOLIA,
E&qi^USLYR
* V &UNK, IS AT GDALNY
SHANGHAI, ' Feb. , U.-r A private
telegram 1 received here says that Vice
roy. Alexieff .has gone to Harbin, Man
churia.";. -,'>'■'' :-'..:r-;y •'■■'■' '■' '-- :
v The Russian mall steamer Mongolia,
reported captured by .?- the Japanese,
which sailed . from Shanghai on Feb
ruary 7, has arrived safely at Dalny.
Russian Warships : in Red . Sea.
- SUEZ, Feb. 14. — A steamship which
has Just arrived 1 here reports a } Rus
sian volunteer ' fleet cruiser, a battle
ship and four torpedo boats anchored
at the island of Jebel Zukup, in the
Red Sea, about ninety miles from the
Strait of Babel Mandeb, on February
10. The steamship also reports that
previously 'she '■'. passed '• the Russian
transport Smolensk and one torpedo
boat, steaming slowly southward.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnlaa ',* Tablets. ' All
flrujrelsta refund th» money U It tails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 29c *
JAPAN TO APPEAL
TO THIS COUNTRY
Wants America to Protest Against Rus
sian^Detention of the Mikado's
1 ■ J
- WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— Japan will
appeal to the s United 'States to prevail
"on the ' Russian Government to • release
the 100 Japanese subjects reported de
tained at Port Arthur.^ Takahlra, the
Japanese Minister, will. - It 13 expected,
present the appeal to Secretary Hay to
moirow.^^BHnHBBHHfiHBll
'In a cablegram received from v ,Tok!o
to-day the Minister was Informed that,
according to news brought to Chefu by
a British steamship from Port Arthur,
'100 Japanese refugees - had : been taken
from ; the steamship by the. Russian
authorities just before the Vessel sailed,
in spite of, the protest of the Japanese.
• Having agreed to look out for Jap
anese citizens in Russian territory dur
ing the : war, this government will in
struct McCormlck, the American Am
bassador In J SC Petersburg, to inquire
of • the Russian Government as ;to the
Japanese in question.
,: The best naval opinion here is to the
'effect r that the detentlonof these Jap
anese at Port Arthur Is' a strategical
necessity to prevent the Japanese gain
ing. information as to fortifications,
troo -• etc. « An offlcial says:
"During the siege of Paris • In the
Franco- Prussian war. Representative
Hitt. who, was then In charge of the
American Legation there, looked after
the large number of Germans who were
deta' -d at Paris by the French Gov
ernment." .
; Although . Rucria's answer to i,- Sec
retary Hay's note asking her to respect
the neutrality of^China and" localize
hostilities as much as possible, has not
yet been received, the State Depart
ment knowB Indirectly from London
and Paris that Russia will reply favor
ably. It then will remain for the pow
ers to fix: the scope of their note and
to draft a more "definite' proposition for
acceptance j by; .the two combatants.
Satisfaction' is expressed by adminis
tration circles that .Great Britain as
well as Russia has decided to waive
objections to" the note. '. It 1» expected
that .ill the formal ajTswers to the Sec
retary's note will reach here early this
week. .
BELATED TELEGRAMS
•FAIL; TO LOCATE THE
VLADIVOSTOK SHIPS
' LONDON, Feb. 1&.— rThere were a
number of belated telegrams reaching
London from the Far East last night,
but they- added little or nothing to
what Is already known regarding the
situation there. The mystery surround
ing the fate, or whereabouts of the
Vladivostok, squadron is still unsolved.
The Daily. Mall, the Dally Telegraph
and other. papers publish dispatches
from Tokio,' Nagasaki and Shanghai re
porting the destruction of three Rus
sian cruisers by mines or torpedoes in
the Tsugaro Strait, off Aomori. Japan.
The Daily Mail, which at first de
scribed the. news as official, later In a
telegram says the -report still lacks ab
solute .confirmation. In the absence of
confirmation the reports are not gener
ally credited.
A statement that China will maintain
neutrality is published in Peking.
. It is reported from Tientsin that all
foreigners and civilians have been or
dered to leave Port Arthur.
It Is also* reported that the Siberian
railroad has been wrecked in six places,
covering a distance of seventy miles.
The correspondent of the Standard at
Tientsin, cabling under date of Febru
ary .' 11. , says the British. American.
French. German and Italian Ministers
have jointly notified the Rusian and
Japanese Ministers that no hostilities
will be allowed on Chinese soil other
than that of Manchuria. V ;
CHINA EXPLAINS
AVHY NEUTRALITY
BECOMES IMPERATIVE
PEKING. Feb. 14.— The edict : Issued
by the Government declaring its neu
trality. In the Russo-Japanese difficul
ty announces! that ; war between these
countries has commenced and says
that, seeing that these nations are
friendly to China, she must declare her
neutrality. Viceroys * and Governors
are ordered to maintain neutrality and
to preserve order and carefully, protect
missionaries and merchants and f or>
eign property. The Peking authorities
are especially warned against allowing
the spread of evil rumors. The Im
portance, of protecting legations and
churches is emphasized and disturbers
of the peace are threatened with pun
ishment. Grave offenders will be sen
tenced to immediate decapitation.
Iv A separate edict reprimanding the
censor who memorializes the' throne
against the court's flight says:
"War exists between Japan and Rus
sia, not Japan and China. Moreover,
Peking and its vicinity are tranquil.
Why then should the court leave?"
President of the Foreign Office Na
Tung has been appointed to the charge
of the gendarmerie and of the Depart
ment of Public Works at Peking, re
placing Prince Su. Private advices
from- Newchwang state that the mis
sionaries are congregating" there' on
account of - the grave condition of - af
fairs in Manchuria. .-
TURN NIPPON MARU;
INTO WAR VESSEL
* MR JAPAN'S USE
Among the passengers on the steam
ship China, w hlch , arrived . yesterday
from the Orient, were' a number of of
ficers of the Japanese liners Nippon
Manx and Hongkong Maru, which were
recently taken oft the line between this
port and Yokohama and transferred to
the Japanese naval service., All the
foreign officers attached to the vessels
were relieved from service as ' soon . as
the two liners reached Japanese waters
and ' their ; places Immediately filled by
little , brown men. , Although the ;, gov
ernment has appropriated the vessels
for i its own use the former officers are
still under pay of the steamship com
pany, and a few taking advantage of
the- prospects of a prolonged war, ob
tained permission to return to this
country. (: - ■/ ".
. When [ the Nippon Maru ; entered the
Japanese harbor on January 24 she was
hailed by a small government -boat on
which were a Japanese admiral and a
captain, who promptly boarded . the
vessel and formally announced to the
commander ~of •the latter that they
were there In the name of the Japan
ese government and were prepared to
assumS charge of the vessel. Captain
Green. 'apparently having expected the
naval officials, acknowledged their
authority with the remark: "Gentle
men, she is yours." and 'as soon as* the
passengers and cargo had been remov
ed, the captain and officers of the Nip
pon and even the members of the crew.
irrespective of their nationality, with
few exceptions, left 'the vessel. The
storekeeper and the chief engineer and
his assistants, all Japanese, were re
tained, the first mentioned as the rep
resentative of the steamship company.
Hardly had the officers and men de
parted before boats bearing new of
ficers from the navy and a crew of 550
men came alongside of the Nippon and
she was soon headed for the naval yards
where arrangements had already been
made for overhauling her. The officers'
cabins were hurriedly torn out and re
placed with hammock quarters and the
work of renovating^ begun as the ves
sel started for Yokosuka for her arm
ament. .
The latter consists of a six-Inch gun
on her. bow and one at her stern and
four six-pounders, two- on each side.
It was later learned that the Nippon
Mara was to be. used for the members
of the Japanese war council, composed
of admirals and generals, who will
travel from' port to port, planning var
ious strategic movements In which the
navy and army of the Mikado will par
ticipate.
Money was not spared by the govern
ment in hurriedly converting the Nip
pon Maru into a palatial floating es
tablishment for her vrar representa
tives. The Hongkong Maru was taken
over by the government three days be
fore the Nippon Maru and was likewise
refitted with the same armament and
assigned to the ■ auxiliary division - of
the fleet as a dispatch boat.
Up to tho time the China departed
from Japan, those who had been eager
ly - looking for some outward sign of
approaching war, had failed to get the
slightest information.
"It was generally understood that
war was to come." said one of the re
turning officers of the Nippon Maru
last evening, "and the Japanese on all
sides were discussing nothing else, yet
not one of them could tell you any
thing about the movements of the gov
ernment. Unlike the hurried prepara
tions for war In other countries, there
were no gathering of troops In or near
the larger settlements and you might
travel along the harbor 'front- all day
long and not detect a move on the part
of the shipping that could be regarded
as significant. All the work was being
done within the distant naval and army
stations and with the greatest secrecy.
Many experienced war correspondents,
a large number of whom were quarter
ed in the Hotel Metropole at Tokio.
agreed that they had never known of
such a successful system of news cen
soring as was then in effect. They could
do nothing but await the sound of the
booming of guns which would be their
accepted signal of the beginning of
hostilities. The censorship even ex
tended to the photograph galleries of
the different cities. In every establish
ment of this kind there was stationed
a government official, through whose
hands every film and plate, presented
for development, had to pass and If the
officer fancied that the subject of the
photograph was In any way likely to
be of service to the Russians .he
promptly signified the fact by destroy
ing the plate or film.;. .
"The feeling throughout Japan was
that the Russians were simply delaying
matters until summer, when they
hoped, by a . great military force, to
come down on the Japanese and crush
them. In fact. It was common talk hi
Yokohama and Tokio - that Russia
might at any moment yield. to the de
mands of the Japanese in order to es
tablish temporary peace and later In
the year, when conditions were more
favorable, break off all relations again
and grab everything In sight."
An Important Discovery.
Reports have come from New Zeal
and of what Is regarded aa a most Im
portant bacteriological discovery, made
by J. A. Gllruth, who Is pathologist in
the public health department of that
colony. Anthrax has appeared among
the cattle of New Zealand, asd Mr.
Gllruth, during the course of his ex
periments, discovered by chance that
an animal particularly susceptible to
the disease, like a rabbit or guinea pig.
will resist the most virulent doses of
anthrax, provided the germs are mixed
with a greater quantity, of another
species of microbe that. In itself, must
be non-pathogenic, or Incapable of pro
ducing any disease. A guinea pig or
rabbit inoculated with an Infinitesimal
dose of anthrax culture will succumb In
from twenty-four to forty-eight" hours.
but mixing the anthrax culture with a
double quantity of Innocuous ' organ-
Ism, the animal feels no 111 effects. Mr.
Gilruth has further- discovered that a
certain degree of Immunity can be con
ferred by Inoculating the. animal with
the mixed culture. — New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
A GREAT RECORD
Hard to Duplicate It h Saa Fiuciico.
. Scores of representative citizens of
San Francisco are testifying on the fol-
lowing subject. Such a record of local
endorsement is unequaled ■: In modern
times. This public statement, made by
a citizen, is but one of the many that
have preceded it and the hundreds that
will follow. Read it:
F. M. Tucker, dairy farmer, 01 • ,737 ;•
Howard street, says: ■ - "Trouble with the \
kidney secretions to me was a fruitful
source of annoyance. Sometimes conti-
nence or stoppage was . very marked.'
sometimes the action was too often and
the quantity too profuse. In addition to
this I had backache every now and then.
Matters had gone on like this for some
years, and although I constantly tried to
get rid of the cause I was unsuccessful
until I used Doan's Kidney Pills. What
I saw In an advertisement which Induced
me to take a course of the treatment was
true, for the pills acted exactly the same
in my case and a cure was the result."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c. Fos-
ter-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.;* sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and tak«
no substitute, . ■ ...RUSSIANS CLAIM AMERICANS DIRECT JAPAN'S SHIPS
HURRYING
TROOPS TO
THE EAST
Russian Mobilization
Goes Forward Sue-
Japanese Land Army
of 19,000 Men at
Chemulpo;v
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 15. — Major
Geaeral Pflug wires that, according to
private advices, the Japanese, after the
batUe at Chemulpo, landed 19,000
troops.
Conrmaalcatlon by wireless telegraph
has been established with Chemulpo
and Chera by ships stationed between
these two places.
All Is <juiet at Port Arttmr. There Is
no news of the enemy's fleet and no
confirmation -of the reported appear
ance of the Japanese ironclads off
Taxnrtgkan. but the indications are the
enemy's scouts are off Inkan.
The mobilization of troops la being
successfully carried out.
General BazUewski, chief engineer,
repc- ts that the Port .'-rthur forts were
not damaged during the bombardment.
A telegram from Kharkarovsk says
that General Litevitch has been ap
pointed to the supreme command of
tbe Russian army In Manchuria.
Grand Duke Cyril, a cousin of the
Czar, and Grand Duke Boris, the
Czar's unc>. are about to proceed to
the East.
American and English women here
have begun the preparation of materi
als for the Red Cross Society with Just
as great heartiness as the Russian
■women engaged in the same work. Va
rious committees and sewing circles
tha'. had been already organized ef
fected a general organization to-day.
There is no official confirmation of the
rumor from Port Arthur of the landing
of Japanese troops at Shanhaikwan. If
the rumor should prove to be correct,
it will mean that the Japanese are try
ing to get into the rear of the Russians
from both flanks, with the object of
cutting off communications.
In military circles confidence is ex
pressed that the forward movement
from Korea will be checked as. soon as
the Russian advance is encountered.
The retirement of the families of
Russian officials across the Yalu River
from Yongrampho is interpreted as an
irdicatiomtnat the news of the first
Furious land fighting: will emanate from
this point.
' The alarm occasioned by the.report
f£ landing of Japanese in Korea ex
tends as far back as Mukden, where
the Chinese are said to be in a state of
} > a n i c^HpPPBH
Pome of the newspapers here are pro
tenlng vigorously against the" censor-
EhSp of war news. The Novoe Vremya
fays: "We are* not children; let us
h^ar the worst-"
The wife of Captain Roudnof of the
Variag has received a telegram from
Viceroy Alexieff saying that her hus
band is alive and unhurt.
An account of the injury" to the wall
at" Port Arthur during the Japanese
bombardment ' is the sum total 'of the
Mar news issued officially up to m}d- ,
T;icht - W^U^fffMM hA.
At - the admiralty it was said that
notification had been received of the
attack on February 11 on two Jap- '
anese merchant steamships, the Xaka
tnura Hani and the Zensho Maru—
which vessels were said to have been
shelled by four Russian warships and
one of them sunk.
The admiralty stamps as nonsense
tb* story that the Baltic fleet has been
ordered to the Far East, pointing out
that the ship* ar* lying atCronstadt,
where they will be ice-bound for the
winter.
EUSSIANS PREPARE
KWANGTUNG COAST
YINGTSZEU. Manchuria, Feb. 11.—
The Japanese Consul at Newchwang
left here to-day, transferring the af
fairs of his consulate to the American
Consul. The whole of the Kwangtung
coast is in total darkness at night in
preparation for a torpedo and military
attack. Viceroy Alexieff has issued a
warning to all -shipping to beware of
the coast and has forbidden navigation
of the bays at night.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous eermicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue. Absolutely harmless.
Used and endorsed by leading
physicians everywhere.
Sold by leading druggists, or tnal
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
25 cents.
The genome bears" my signature
on every bottle. Address
<?4'<2?^^*." 6 !E~£-
To make man better, make
trade better. To make trade
better, make goods better.
;SchiHingf's Best:
co?t* £ararzig extract ST**^*lE
Your grocer's; moneyback,
KOREAN BRIGANDS
PLUNDER, COUNTRY
WHILE WAR REIGNS
SEOUL, Feb. 14.— All mails
are suspended. Korean malcon
tents are plundering the country
widespread. The -Japanese fleet
which entered Chemulpo last
night, escorting transports, cap
tured one Russian volunteer war
ship and two steamships in the
open sea.
The. Japanese Minister has ad
vised the Emperor of Korea to
arrest Yi Yong- Ik, who has been
practically dictator and who was
very friendly to Russia until there
was danger of Japanese predomi
nance.
Two thousand Russians;are're
ported to have arrived at the head
waters of the Yalu Ri ver.
The Japanese are constructing
a telegraph line north from Seoul.
MINISTER GRISCOM
CONFERS WITH THE
JAPANESE PREMIER
TOKIO, Saturday, Feb. 13.—
United States Minister Griscom
called upon Premier Komura last
night and an extended conference
was held, the nature of which has
not been disclosed. It is thought
it related to the effort' of 'the. powd
ers to obtain a statement of the
attitude of Japan toward' preserv
ing the entity of '. China, as has
been proposed by Secretary Hay.
The situation in the north . of .
China is exceedingly delicate.
The Japanese have legation
guards at Peking and Tientsin in
close proximity to the guards of
the Russian legation and there is
danger of a conflict. It is feared
that if the north of China ■ is>.in-.
cluded in the sphere of operations
it ' will be ■ impossible . to prevent
disorder and uprisings as a^ blind
for attacks on all foreigners.
The contract for the RIcken tunnel
under/ the^ Alps has -been let tor
11,(00,000; time, fifty months.
THE' ■: SAN FRANCISGO ; GALL,r- MONDAY, ■ FEBRUA^ 1904;.
From the mass of conflicting advices regjirding the naval and military movements of the Japanese and Russians, the actual positions of only
certain of the; forces can . be . gleaned. . The main; body of Russian troops is ' still along the Yalu River, although ■detachments may have
penetrated into Korea. "Tlie 'Japanese; claimUo have, the Russian Port Arthur fleet bottled up In'r the harbor, but the 'Vladivostok squadron . is
musing iniich ,- annoyance to the Tokio tacticians. These vessels ; were bellevcd^to . have been icebound until they suddenly ; appeared off the north
ern coast of Japan,' where they" sunk a^Japanese ; merchantman and are saldtohnve bonibarded.a seaijort. . Tokio reiterates .the rumor, that three of
the -Vladivostok cruisers have been sunk by torpedo boats in Tsugaro, Strait, but the report lias not been confirmed and ,: is. given little credence.
When last seen the. squadron, was. west of Tsugai-o Strait. Viceroy 'Alciien' lias transferred his headquarters to Harbin, so;ns to be in more direct
communication with Port 'Arthur. / > .•.-...;-. SEfli
■ Japan', has. landed; an army or. 19,000 men at Clic'mulpo, Korea, and transports 'have disembarked troops at other; Korean ports.' From several
sources, seemingly authentic, comes news of a. Japanese disaster'inan'attenipt; to: land", troops near. Port Arthur. . Tlie .Japanese plan campaign
appears to be to put a large army ashore to attack Port Arthur on; both: flanks^; while" the: fleet engage the Russian vessels and the forts. -The main
Japanese^flect is believed' to be not' fnr'fronr tlie scene of its reccnt^vlctory. * ' . . •', .,^.,. -
DEMANDS EXPLANATION
OF LONDON GOVERNMENT
Continued; From Page 1. Columns 4 and 5.
quainted with the condition of international politics, reading . be- v
tween the lines, can fully appreciate: ' . k
• On Thursday, last, owing: to serious news received,; a. coun-v;
cil of war was called, which lasted from 2 till 4 o'clock. In Vievy
of possible eventualities it was resol vecj to place the whole cotin- ■ ■
try upon a war footing^S(5 as to beable, in case of need, to meet \
inAf iXtHy^i^M""™"^' \ ' ' * ■ "^VBsjp>n7ssMM[^M bh^ssj^h^ebbmb
any.- possible attack'rirom threcsides. .
All giiards regiments, with the exception - of those forming : [\
the First Division, have been ordered to- hold themselyes in reaidi
ness for active service. Parties of these have already left for the Far
East and others will follow from day to day.;
The ■artillery^of the guard also has received orders tomove' to
Very grave news has been received as to coming interna- ;..
tional complicationsand thepromotion of seniors in the Artillery .
School for Cadets is expected; momentarily, the marine cadets hav
ing already received promotion. ■
One of most serious'; bits of news at this moment' Is a confirmations of
the statement ; that™ aboard the : Japanese vessels > of ; wari attacking Port Ar
thur were a' number' of 'American naval officers. .This "caused something akin
to a- feeling 1 of 1 ; amongj Russian officers.. * .
On: Wednesday the'Emperor. summoned' toithe'WInter Palace all of the
officers, even -down /to subalterns.- of :the guards regiments now in St. Peters
burg; and "addressed ; them, ■ saying:
; "As, j unfortunately, the country: is at war,< It is expected the guards* will
do their duty nobly and share the deprivations and trials .'and/ It isihoped,
the , glories ;of .their, comrades or the -line. \V*;;.;'; v v ? f ;
■■; > - Now comes'. tlie important point, which will 'explain why.no publication
has been made of uViceroy Alexelff's telegram sentito you In reference to: the
damage done to the' Japanese: ships by the Russian. flre. :-
It, is this: TheEmperorhas himself ;issued.the'Strongest orders that'-'no'
news whatsoever • be communicated through the > headquarters staff. Fur
ther, he is deeply^ annoyed at the atti tude , recently adopted by ; the Russian
press. of writing upon the political situation". 'in', a >. way, 'calculated to raise
erimity toward Russia in < England and 'also very specially, in America For
instance, the St. Petersburg Gazette has been; prohibited (not .as generally
supposed ; for, publishing false news! about • the war) t because - of an accom
panying article highly insultingito England, the. Emperor wisely considering
it the poorest policy to make bitter; enemies at such tlrnea i as these
Forts Mounting: Big, Guns.
CHEFU, Feb. 15.— It is stated that
eleven . Russian ships were damaged in
the recent* engagement at Port Arthur.
The whole fleet has moved into 'the in
ner harbor. Torpedo boats "remain out
side on scouting [duty. > Five extra' big
guns havebeen mounted ■ on : the: fort*
and 'they are firing at every object- sus-;
pected of -' being •• part of the enemy's
fleet* -";' -*:"•" "•■■ -',:. . ' :\j." .
Variag's.' Boilers Were Useless.
';■ NAGASAKI. ; Feb.^ 14.— An authentic
report* says that the reason the -Variag
.was unable" to escape at Cherriulpb iwas
owing to the Poor conditlon'ofherboil
ers, which rendered her unable i to
steam at a 'greater speed than eleven
knots. • •
MBR1DEN.*. Conn.. Feb. 14.— The Town ' Hall
waa ""? destroyed .' by 'j flre ■ to-day. '. .The loss ; Is
S130,WV" Six firemen' were hurt ■lightly '
©M.NY IS BOMBARlpiEp
BY JAPANESE "WARSHIES
Continued from page I, columns^ G and ■ 7.
1 ing of 'February I o.the Japanese occupied 'jGHinghai wen, a RiiSr
siari- coaling ■ station close to Masamphoi r • : : ;'
A dispatch to the Daily Express «'ffom Singapore says:
. "When the Kasaga and Nieshin left here they proceeded south
'; and met a Nippon Yosai steamship, which had;. been assigned to
■ a rendezvous in the Dutch archipelago. -The steamship transfer
§red r complete Japanese crews and officers to the cruisers and took
their temporary; English Vcrews. The " cruisers f then" returned to
.Singapore; but left immediately with orders ; to watch for.- the
Russian volunteer vessels^Ekatorinoslav 'and Veronej."
TOKIO, Saturday, Feb. 13.— The date of the forward movement of the
/main. Japanese army has not been disclosed, -but. it will probably be " de
ferred; until after the. completion of naval operations. ' The' publication of
theT.number of soldiers at the points of mobilization Is still forbidden. The
mobilization •' is progressing . with ' surprising celerity and without confusion.
■ The staff shows a remarkable mastery of details. The main railways are can
celing "orjcurtalling: schedules and devoting every -.energy to facilitate the
movement of troops." The reserves are assembling and occupying the garri
: sons. vacated by the regulars and this movement; Is with the
precision of a ; drilled army. All are immensely, eager, to take the field.
..Subscriptions have been opened for the first i hundred. million yen war
bbnds.-.'.The subscriptions will close. March. 10...^ It Is; expected that the Issue
oversubscribed many, times. The country ' is ; preparing for., a long
.,war;and;seems capableof sustaining itself financially - f or, : two yeara. It
: possesses , vast "military * and , naval stores and '-excellent * home credit. ' Its
soldjers-and sailors are ready to i give their services free if necessary."
/TIENTSIN ADVICES
TELL OF \ BATTLE
: OFF PORT ARTHUR
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Morning
Leader.' s ; :• Tientsin correspondent tele
graphs, under date of Friday: Re
ports ; have reached here of - further
naval* action off : Port ■Arthur. - Before
dawn .•; yesterday two .' Japanese war
ships appeared off the port and opened
fire i.wlthj shells. The ■ Russian batter
ies; replied and the Russian squadron
moved^jbut and .also opened* fire.. The
Japanese vessels retired, fighting as
they .went, but one, the name of , which"
Is unknown, , was sunk. The Japanese
fleet arrived in time ' to rfeinforce, the
remaining vessel." and a'general 'action
began,; in which the Russian squadron
suffered - ; serious .damage and was
forced ': to] retreat into ; the harbor.
■ The: reports 1 vary in some details. It
is believed, however, that
Russian : 'ships are ashore; or sunk.
, PARIS, .- Feb. j 14.— The Dreyfus • c&m has
been definitely set down for trial by the ' Court
of ' Cassation - beginning February . 2S next.
RAILROAD BEHIND
PORT ARTHUR BLOWN
v ; UP BY JAPANESE
; % ■ LONDON. ; Feb. 15.— The correspond
ent of .-the Daily i Express at Peking. in
a cablegram dated February 12. .re
ports 'that .Viceroy ; Alexieff is prac
tically ; isolated, direct' communication
between Port 'Arthur' and Vladivostok
being suspended. He adds that the
railroad-behind Port Arthur has been
blown r- up-, and that 6000 Japanese
troops have landed near Dalny.
The Daily .Mall's Tokio correspond
ent/, under date of ? 12, says
that : the •■ Japanese warship Amaki has
captured the German steamship Yoko
hama, which had a cargo, including
dynamite, for Port Arthur. .
' .The Nagasaki correspondent of ' the
Daily Telegraph i expresses the convic
tion that : Russia is quite unable * to
hold the Liaotung Peninsula and that
Port Arthur is bound to fall In time,
even without an assault. .
' British ;sohilers ;> with : defective eye
sight are : now " required by the -War
Department to wear classes.
NO NEWS
OF RAIDING
SQUADRON
Whereabouts of Vlad
ivostok Warships
Unknown.
Japan Confident of
Winning Control
.TOKIO. Saturday, Feb. IS. — The
Vladivostok squadron has not been re
ported to-day. It ts unknown whether
the squadron returned to Vladivostok
or effected a passage into the Pacific.
An unverified report r says a foreign
warship was seen of Matzura naval
station. The Japanese are not espe
cially concerned over "the naval sit
uation, aa they feel confident that they
will soon dominate the sea.
' There is no fear of the Russians in
tercepting the Kasaga and the Nisshiu
or affecting a junction with the Port
Arthur, squadron. The Russians
possess no naval bases except those at
Port Arthur and* Vladivostok, and the
latter may freeze up and bar the re
treat of the squadron.
Despite Russian assurances mini
mizing- the damages sustained by Ad
miral Togo's attack last Tuesday at
Port Arthur, the Japanese are cer
tain that the Port Arthur fleet was
severely crippled. Admiral Togo's fleet
was not severely, damaged and was
capable of. fighting another battle im
mediately * afterward. The battleship
Fuji was the most seriously damaged.
Withdrawals for" repairs from the
Japanese fleet will not materially re
duce its fighting strength.
.Lieutenant Commander Yamanaya.
a y gallant . and promising officer, was
the most prominent of those. killed on
the Japanese side at .Port Arthur.
AMERICAN STEAMSHIP
ESCAPES FROM PORT
ARTHUR IN STORM
Special- Cable to Tha Call and New Tor*
Herwld. Copyright. 1004. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU. Feb. 14. — The American
steamship Pleiades, which was detained
several days at Port Arthur, by the
Russian authorities, has arrived here.
having left quietly during a storm. On
Saturday night a part of the ,Russian
fleet came out.
The German flagship Sansa has taken
on board a number of women refugees.*
leaving the men. who 'have been reas
sured and who are, proceeding 'with
their business affairs. The Retvizan is
still, stranded.
.CHEFU, Friday. Feb. 12. 6:50 p. m.
(delayed in transmission).— Official no
tification has been issued from the Rus
sians that ho more merchantmen will
be allowed to proceed from Port Ar
thur.13PB
Recent arrivals here report that the
Russian Government has, bought four
Norwegian, two British and one .Amer
ican ship • for "transports. * . .
Siberian trains are, bringing*full con
signments of reinforcements. The ar
rivals at Irkutsk are estimated at 6000,
one-half of which are for Kwangtung
and the other one-half for the Y$lu.
The Japanese intend to lay siege to
Port Arthur by sea and land and are
how only awaiting reinforcements.
CHEFU, Feb. 12. 8:30 p. m. (delayed
in transmission).— The Russians are
laying- mines at the entrance to Dalny
and all neutral merchant ships, ten in
number, left port, escorted by torpedo
boats.' The Japanese attack is expected
at any moment. ?.
ALEXtEFF REPORTS
LANDING OF JAPAN'S
ARMY AT CHEMULPO
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 15,
2:40 a. m.— A communication
from Viceroy Alexieff, just re
ceived, confirms the report of
the landing of 19,000 Japanese
troops at ChemuIpo.The Viceroy
adds that reports have been, re
ceived of' attempts to cut the
telegraph wires along the Chi
nese Eastern Railway and also to
destroy one of the abuttments of
the fSungari bridge. These at
tempts, he adds, were immedi
ately detected and decisive meas
ures were taken to guard the
railway. j . t g A
RUSSIANS DESTROY
THEIR OWN TORPEDO
BOATS BY MISTAKE
CHEFU, Feb. 15.— A reliable
authority says that three Russian
torpedo boats have been sunk by
guns from the forts. They were
mistaken' for Japanese vessels.
NEUTRALITY OF FRANCE.
PARIS, Feb. 14. — The
Fr.ench Government has declared
its neutrality in connection with
the war between Russia and
Japan. -
Brings Wounded 'Russians.
-NAGASAKI. Feb. 14.— The Japanese
steamship Genkai Maru has arrived at
Sasebo with seven Russian officers and
twenty-three men who were wounded
In the engagement at Chemulpo.
; % The income _ of the British postoflJce
from money in envelopes having no or
insufficient address is $30,000 or III,*
§00 a, day.
34
YOUNG MAN
ENDS LIFE
WITH GAS
Harry Williar, a Youth Xot Yet
Out of His Teens, Decides
There Is Nothing- in This
World Worth Living For
UNBALANCED MTXD
PROBABLE CAUSE
Leaves a Letter to the Public in
Which lie Upbraids Father
and Professes Devotion to the
Many Girls That- Knew Him
Harry R. Williar, a youth still in his
teens, rented a room at the Florence
Hotel. Ellis and Powell streets, Satur
day night, wrote two letters", turned on
the fra« and passed into eternal sleep.
His body, stiff and cold in death, wai
found yesterday afternoon by a Japa
nese bedmaker employed In the hotel.
He had evidently planned the suicide
deliberately, and wished to make it as
spectacular as possible by leaving a
missive behind him which would do
credit to the author of a "penny dread
ful." In it he*upbraided his father for
bringing him into the world, but spoke
in most endearing terms of his sister.
He also left a sealed letter to be opened
only by his father. 0MIHB
The young man was the son of H. R.
"Williar, who is in the paper business at
214 Pine street and was formerly lo
cated with the firm of A. Fleischacker
& Co. He was about 17 years of age,
end while he had of late been somewhat
erratic his relatives did not deem his
derangement so severe that there was
danger of ending his life. According to
his farewell message, however, the
voung man desired to revenge himself
upon the world by quitting it for using
h:rn unfairly. HHI
At the Florence Hotel the employes
professed to know nothing of Williar.
They said he engaged a room at about
S o'clock Saturday night, paying 50
cents in advance for it. He went out,
and returned about 1 o'clock Sunday
morning. On both occasions he seemed
to be in the best of health and spirits.
Yesterday afternoon when the bed
maker rapped on the door he found it
locked on the inside. As there was no
response to repeated calls he opened
the door with a pass key.
Williar's body was found, partly
dressed, lying on the bed, while gas was
pouring from an open jet from which
the tip had been removed. The keyhole
had been carefully stuffed with paper
that the deadly fumes might do their
work more quickly and with less dan
ger of detection- .
On the table was found the note,
written on paper torn from a cheap
notebook and Inscribed as follows:
4 To be read when I am dead only.
Make sjire before reading this note."
The note reads: V
"For anyone: I am going to kill
myself to-night, or else make a darned
good attempt to do so. simply because
I am of no use in this world and do
nothing but bring shame and disgrace
to all who care for me. At least so
my father says, and I guess he is
right- May God forgive me for this
crime, butl feel it is better to be dead
than to disgrace my lovely sister,
whom I love with all my heart.
"I wish to beg the proprietor of this
house's pardon for committing this
deed in his house, but I do not know
of any house like it that has gas in
the rooms, so I trust he'll forgive me.
I thought this plan all out last night
and am resolved to see it through. '
"Xo one will miss me. and the world
will be a little better when I am out
of it- I owe Hastings the sum of $9 50.
which I am sorry to say will fall to
my father to pay. Then I owe my
school S2 and Ben Jordan, personally,
12 25. which I hope will be -paid as a
last favor to a wayward son. . I am
heartsick, sore and weary, but it can
not be helped. My sister cares for me;
that is one comfort- She enjoys her
dance to-night as much as I enjoy
myself. For my father, I • wish to say
that I am sure he will be happy, with
me off his hands and nothing " to
worry him. He had no right to bring
me into this world of sin and crime
If he had not* the patience to put up
with me. This is my last message,
and to all my friends, no matter who
they are, I send my love and affection
—even to the girls at the store,
amongst who is Marie. The rest of
my friends, and I have quite a few.
especially girls. I want to say I am
sorry to do this If it brings my shame
to them
"Good-bye, all, and God bless and
keep my sister for ever and ever."
•ACCIDENTAL ASPHYXIATION'S.
William Hojran and James Doherty
I Meet Death Through Carelessness.
William Hogan, a laborer, who wag
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital on Saturday morning suffering
from gas asphyxiation, died early yes
terday morning and his body was re-,
moved to the Morgue. He lived. at 309
Minna street . and had been on a pro
longed debauch. It Is supposed that
he accidentally turned on the gas when
retiring on Friday night-
James Doherty. a longshoreman, was
found dead in his room at 751 Harri
son street yesterday morning," with the
gas partly turned on. He had been
playing cards till late Saturday night
with some of the other roomers and
appeared to be in his usual good spir
its. He was a single man. 50 years of
age. and had lived at the same lodging
house for the last 20 years. Death is
supposed to have been accidental.
KILLED I.V ELEVATOR.
William IIHI Meets Shocking Death
at the Colonial Hotel.
William- Hilt an expressman employ
ed by the Signal Transfer Company,
was instantly killed in the elevator at
the Colonial Hotel., Pine and Jones
streets, yesterday afternoon and his
body lies in the Morgue.
Hill called at the hotel for a trunk
on the fourth floor. He carried the
trunk to the elevator at*j was lowe'red
to the basement. Claude McRlce. the
elevator boy, had lowered the lift about
a foot' past the floor and Hill asked
him to bring it level with t,he floor.
"AH riRht." replied McRlce, "but be
careful and don't attempt to step out."
He reversed the lever and the elevator
shot up. Hill had disobeyed the boys
Instructions and his head was jammed
between the cage and the wall,.crush
ing it terribly.
McRlce almost fainted when be re
alized what had happened. He gave
the alarm and Hill's body was dragged
from the death trap and the Morgue
notified.
. McRice was arrested and charged
with manslaughter, but was afterwards
released on $50 bail,
DEATH'S HAND IS LAID
UPON AL VINZA HAYWARD
Noted Bonanza King and One of the City's Oldest Pioneer
Citizens Passes Quietly Away at the Residence of His
Friend Charles D. Lane, After, Prolonged Siege of Illness
ONE OF SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST WIDELY . KNOWN CAPITALISTS,
WHO DIED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AFTER A LONG ILLNESS
AT THE RESIDENCE' OF CHARLES D.. LANE.
Alvinza Hayward, mining king, flnan-'
cier and one* of the best known of San
Francisco's pioneer, citizens, .passed
peacefully away at ,4:15 o'clock yester
day afternoon at the residence . of
Charles D. Lane, on Clay street.
Paralysis, extending ,to the heart and
lungs, was the immediate cause of the
aged capitalist's demise. At the bedside
when -he passed away were Charles D.
Lane and.Drs. Arnold and Hazelhurst.
No arrangements have' as yet been
made for the funeral.
Alvinza Hayward was born in the State
of Vermont In 1821. His "youth was un
eventful, and after leaving school he be
gan the study of law. When still a very
young man he left his native State and
settled down to the practice of his pro
fession In Canton, N. Y. After a time,
however, he went farther west, to Michi
gan, where he engage*! in lead mining
and the lumber business with good finan
cial results. |
The news of the discovery of gold in
California interested him greatly ■ and as
soon as he could get his. Michigan .in
terests in proper shape: he started for
California, arriving here In'lS50.'
, He first engaged In placer mining, but
later, in 1S52. acquired ' half ownership of
a gold quartz mine, the Eureka, in Ama
dor County, which, under his| personal
management, made him and his part
ner very wealthy men in a few years.' He
disposed of that property to follow the
stream of wealth seekers to the fabulous
ly rich lodes of Nevada. and, associated
with John P. Jones, he operated on the
Cornstock with much success, ; until
health considerations . compelled' him to
withdraw for a time at least. from active
work. He was /then already a million
aire several times over. '
He remained inactive for about ten
years, when, the state of his health per
mitting, his restless spirit ; drove him
again into the mining regions.
He did not go " back : to - the Comstock,
but went again : to 'Amador " and El Do
rado counties, with the prestige of his
former . successes there as an assurance
for the future. He bought and operated
Caught Sharks by Wholesale.
"Did you ever hear of c " hlng
twenty-seven sharks — one hook?"
asked* Bo'sunL. W. Eacott of the Brit
ish bark Antigua recently," says . the
New York World. "The bark.Cautaln
Brady ' lies at the foot of Richards
street, Brooklyn.
"I never heard tell of ■ such a thing
until fair and full winds left us on the
homeward way from Buenos Ayres,
Just above the equator." The ship
hadn't been becalmed in the trop
ics more'n flf teen\minutes when along
comes an ordinary sized shark nosing
around.
"Word was passed up forra'd and a
chunk of pork as -big as ray head ; was
baited on a hook and cast astern. The
shark took right hold and we hauled
It alongside and aboard.
"It was a 'peculiar kind of _ a shark,
that '. didn't have no teeth whatsoever,
and its tail, which had two flukes to it,
was about half as long as the body.
"Well, we cut T ,open the shark to see
if we could find any curios inside.
There were no curios nor nothing of
that soft. All there was in that shark
that we could rind was twenty-six little
sharks, so that made twenty-seven
sharks all told caught with one hook.
XThe little ones wor about six- inches
long, all alive and all wor toothless and
having white stomachs.
. "I wanted the cook to make a shark
stew, for young shark is tender and
good eatln', but the other hands
wouldn't listen" to It, so we : threw 'em
all overboard, and the cook put another
bit of beef In soak." '
About $30,000,000 worth of motors
were manufactured in . the United
States during last year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ..MONDAY, -FEBRUARY 15, 1904:
the Springfield mine in El Dorado County
fiom which in a short time] he; realized a
million and a half dollars. Then he ac
quired . a joint '■ ownership 'with ' \V7 S. Ho^
bart of the famous Plymouth property, In
Amador. County, which -added $4,500,000 to
his already large fortune..
After this he formed a partnership with
Charles D. Lane for the purpose . of op
erating the Utlca mine at Angels Camp
in Calaveras County. . " The property was
heavily . encumbered ..when ,they took pos
session, but by their .sound management
they made It clear : off : Its ; own : debt i and
placed It on a splendidly paying; basis."
Mr. Hay ward, was interested in other min
ing properties besides the great .ones
above mentioned and as a rule made
money out of. allofithem.
Mr. Hay ward was also associated with
D. O. Mills, P. B. Cornwall and Lloyd
Tevis in extensive coal -mining and
timber land operations In the State
of Washington, thereby 'adding! large!y. : to
his fbrtune. They also owned a large
tract'of land on'the line of the Canadian
Pacific Railroad, .which yielded rich trib
ute " to their enterprise and ■ foresight.
: Alvinza Hayward from time to time ac
quired i many valuable pieces of ; property
in San Francisco, most of which he owned
at the time of his death. He was one of
the pioneers : In the Improvement of the
business section of California 1 street. The
splendid new Hayward building on the
corner of Montgomery and California
streets is at once a, monument to his en
terprise and his confidence In the com
mercial future: of San Francisco.
He was largely interested .In the Mar
ket Street . Railway . system ; and a large
holder of stocks and bonds of other Im
portant California '• corporations. To him
the city .of Oakland is in a great measure
indebted 1 for her excellent , water eupply.
Mr. Hayward for a number of • years
prior to his death, resided at his beauti
ful home in San ;Mateo,,cominc.in to his
office in. the Hobart building every day
to! attend. to his large and; numerous In^
terests ': and working there just as if his
persistent ! efforts were - required for the
support of a' large "family..
He' was a firm believer in spiritualism
and would brook no, discussion or. dissent
with his views on the subject
His wife and a ; married ■ daughter sur
vive him. » - — ■
• The 'Destructive Starfish. >
Before members;. 'of the Delaware
Valley Naturalists' Union, which held
its midwinter meetine in the Academy,
of . Natural Sciences, says a Philadel- 4
phla exchange. Professor E. G. • Conk
lin recently gave lively demonstrations
of how a starfish eatsan : oyster.
Professor Cohklin exhibited about a
dozen starfish, each engaged in differ
ent stages of the process of opening
and eating oysters. The process, he
said,' consumes from twelve to fifteen
hours. As the starfish cannot get the
oyster into its mouth, it practically
turns its stomach ; inside out and ; into
the oyster shell." As i the. oyster, is thus
digested outside the body of the.star
fish, the Juices are sucked up Into the
starfish's body. The starfish, Professor
Conklin said, is the most "destructive
enemy of the oyster. — Washington
Star.
The Last Tuberose.
We no longer have the great love for
tuberoses that formerly made an ex
tensive market for those fragrant
flowers. As they became more and
more generally used in funeral designs
th .® / denian<i grew less, aparently ' % be
cause people "i associated their odor with
funerals. North Carolina growers,
who have x sh|pped nearly v all. of the
tuberoses, are now experimenting with
the Bermuda. Easter Illy,' and It Is riot
at all unlikely that before . long they
will devote' their attention to the more
popular flower.— Country Life.
She— Oh, Henry! I found the, cat on
the : table,' eating .'the : biscuits ' I made
for your supper. He— Don't * worry,
dear; a cat has several lives,' you
know.— Yonkerg Statesman.
SENATE TO VOTE
ON THE TREATY
Panama Canal Subject Will
.Occupy. Much Time During
Sessions of the Coming Week
MORGAN; TO MAKE SPEECH
After, Consideration Surplus
Time Will Be Given to
Agricultural Appropriatiion
'Feb. 14.—^The Sen-,
ate v wlll continue ' to consider; the Pan
ama treaty during the week, both in
open and -in executive session. Sena
tor, Morgan has prepared speeches on
different phases of the sltuation> which
he will present in open session. When
these^ speeches no longer occupy the
attention of , the Senate, Collum.-chairr
man of the Foreign Relations Corh-t
mittee, will insist that consideration of
the ; treaty,, in executive , session « be . re
sumed. It Is : understood there will : be
considerable discussion of the treaty,
behind closed 'doors. : It is expected
that on Monday ; or Tuesday a time
will be fixed for taking, a vote on the
treaty. It has been agreed already that
the vote shall be taken on or. before'
February .23 and .the general, impres
sion is that the ;23d will be the date
fixed. If Senator Hanna dies" Congress
will adjourn forgone and possibly two
days, on account of his -death and
funeral. /
Should - there be any time ; to . spare
from consideration ; of the treaty and
various resolutions relating, to the
Panama situation the agricultural ap
propriation bill will be . passed. , Sena
tor McCumber' expects to. have 'the
pension appropriation bill ready to ;
consider during the week if. there is ;
time .to , take " it : up.
The naval appropriation bill will oc- ;
cupy. much of the time, of the House
during 'the week. 'As usual there will
be time devoted, to general debate,
when not only the naval programme
but other matters, including . foreign
affairs.' are likely to be discussed^ Fol
lowing the naval bill it " is intended to
give time' to the bill reported from the
Committee on Merchant 'Marine, and
Fisheries *, providing ' for a commission'
to t investigate American shipping. ;
How to Educate the Boy.
Not . a few fathers hurt their sons
and; damage the careers of those sons
by picking out careers for them. Train
up the boy in the way he should go-,
and then let him choose his own work!
In ; the choice of a' vocation, as in the
choice of a wife, every young man
should be left ; alone.' If he ''is not
worthy of being left alone the parent
has' grievously injured the boy in ', the
preceding.decade of his life. These in
terpretations mean that I would hot
educate my. boy under a private tutor.
I would educate my * boy with boys,
although not entirely by boys. Boys
do> however, educate boys;' but a boy
who is trained alone is liable .to fail
in adjusting himself to his member-,
ship in humanity.'; He is to become
a brother of trie tommon lot. He there-'
fore - should hpw to "adjust
himself .to his fellows. Neither would
I educate my son 'abroad; he "Is an
American boy. I 'shjbuld be glad to
have him get; all that. is best from the
private school in Lausanne or Geneva,
but not for one Instant would I have
his ideas formed by the French masttr
or his methods by the German. A'pri
mary note in his character ' should be
the American, although a note more"
fundamental is the human.- He is. ns
a human. boy, to be trained up for ser
vice in this great, interesting;, new 1 life
of our new world.— Harper's Weekly.
Loyal to the Mikado.
It is tolerably certain that but ; for
the veneration in which the Emperor
Is held Japan would long ago have been
at war with Russia, or there would
have been a . revolution - in the country.
Happily, the intense patriotism fof the
people is kept . in check by a rever
ence for the ' ruling sovereign which it
is scarcely possible for the Western
mind to understand. The Japanese peo
ple, as G«orge Lynch pointed out the
other day, are hot religious In a con
ventional sense. Their religion takes
the form of a childlike belief in the
"son of heaven." If the Mikado were
to issue a decree to-morrow : that all
the Russian demands should be con
ceded, the ■ nation ■ would acquiesce,
though many, would commit- suicide,
just as happened when Japan was rob
bed- of the fruits of her victory over
China.— London Chronicle.
What Doctors Make.
There are about 200,000 doctors in the
United States, or about one, for every,
350 people. It has been approximately
estimated that the average yearly in
come of these men is $750, or, that the
public In the country- pays $150,000,000
annually; for, medical ] attendance, omit
ting entirely the -money spent for pat
ent medicines, which" brings millions of
dollars to manufacturers, dr. the
amounts spent for doctor's prescrip
tions or paid to quacks and commercial
doctors. The preparation" for the prac
tice of medicine that .'gives * a' man a
good standing in ; the profession means
an: expense. of, liberally speaking,. $4000
for -four /years In a reputable medical
school, . $1000 for : general expenses : dur'-*
Ing two years' hospital service, . and
perhaps another $1000 for setting up in
practice. . A year or two in Europe Is
also" a help.— Leslie's Monthly.
Cost the House $145,000.
. Members of the House are paying
dear" for their own, little expedition
against the carriages of assistant ' sec-,
retaries. They have been obliged to
vote themselves out of $145,000 mile
age, simply because they want to;ap
pear consistent, and the Senate, which
always enjoys seeing^the House caught
by! its own devices, is ■ not likely:to:re
store thie appropriation. • f A', year ago
the House played politics/by inserting:
in the immigration bill a, clause forbid
ding, the: sale 'of 'liquor' in the Capitol.
They counted on : the Senate dropping
the amendment, as had been done
more than . once in similar circum
stances. But the Senate tired fof . the
garrift and let the amendment stayj It
was Land is of Indiana', who moved the
liquor : amendment : arid ': it was ■ Landis
who made the motion to cut off . r the
assistant secretaries'^ salaries.— -New
>York Commercial-Advertiser! , ;
Playwright— How, do you know the
public jlon't* like -a. plot?/- ■
Manager— Perhaps they do. But
they've gone without " one . so long-, that
I'm afraid to risk it.— Life. f»
■BHRMHBUffiBtBfiHSBii »- < ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MORROWV^y
I0IS EXHIBITION \l§
Jf DAY AT
VBENGU1AT IS ]|
Drug sai^e/
H Don't miss this opportunity to ex- jj
B ■ tunine the wonderful collection of
B * Persian and Anatolian rugs, which II
fl will be placed on sale at : genuine U
H public auction at the lEfl m
I Palace Hotel, , |
I February 17th .to 20th fl
|J .This, is the first ■_ opportunity . that B
H Pan Francisco people have had for jj
11 elrht • years ' to "" buy • at " auction perfect jl
fl select Persian and Turkish, rugs of Jj
R Mich a hifch standing-; and is oc- H
11 casioned by Mr. Bensuiafs de- jl
pa rtu re for; the St.' Louis; Exposition. j|
- The values . for the several .rugs .11
.vary from $5.00 up to many thou- j
" SALE DAYS AND HOURS. II
Wednesday,' February 17th,' \
ti 1:30 p. ■ m. - and 7:30* p.- m.
fl Thursday, February .18th,
I 1:30 p. m. and -7:30 p. m.
1:30 p. ra. only.
7:30 p. m. only.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
II Auctioneers. Jl
'
, Sweet sleep comes to the baby-
who id properly fed with a
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
."■■- eVVsHH IPs^ph^h
*\ postal request will bring a aampla of Mel-
Sn'r. Food right to your home ;
I/IELLIN'w 1 FOOD CO.. . BOSTON, . MASS.
' ' " ' ' ' ' ;■ "' ' -1
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured >yith Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price, '
50c. and $i.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Hal pruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4p.m.
PfllflfP DO^T FAIL TO
laiaWV ge g the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, th* EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
linUIQ' LOUIS y XV PAR-
ui auu LOI^ d the LA .
n -± i dies' writino
Hotels room.
. EXCELS .ALL OTHERS
Cures Dandruff Permanently Grows Vigorous Hair
Cures Itch ing of the Scalp - Restores hair
Cures Scaly Eruptions Preserves the Hair
Stops the Hair From Falling Makes Brittle Hair Soft and Silky
Awarded First Prize at California State Fair 1903
Werner's Hair Tonic, by. its antiseptic action, destroys anS^ir^e^th^^e S Jo" Wc7l S"^ 'to
•with.a single application the microbes which Cause Dan- that my scalp la not troubled^ny more wltn di ni ruit
druff.. Itching, Thin Hair. Loss of Color and Premature and itching. My hair ha» stoppea falling out altos.* tht-r
Baldness and is thicker than ever. " Before I commenced to use
joaiunees. your Hair Tonic I tried every hair tonic my druggist
The effect of Its. use Is immediate. The scalp becomes had for sale, but I derived no benefit from any of them
invigorated and- healthy The. circulation about the hair &<\ £« t *« ™J* "££&££"*? to l g« "
roots i« increased. The hair bulbs are nourished and re- , Tours respectfully. il .
vlve'd. Thfei hair shafts are strengthened. A glossy. ' '- ,; ; - \ MRS. CARRY CHRISTMAS. -
; luxuriant growth is produced. ' No - 2330 Twenty-fourth Street. Sacramento. .CaL ,
In Baldness. If the least spark of life remains to the Gentlemen: Several years ayo. before the ineorporn-
roots. Werner's Hair Tonic induces a new. vigorous H ° a ? r ' i^SSSfftlon^if* M^cSS
. growth. Werner. At- that time my hair was full of dandruff
: /it is especially effective when used .In conjunction l^/t 1$S "?K ffljg S\^l
with Werner's Medicated Shampoo. The scalp is thus delightful hair dressing and I have never been without
purified and' thVhair left soft and silky. it since I began Its use. Tour Medicated Shampoo- is
i certainly the best I over tried. My weeklv shamooo
Werner's Hair Tonic is not oily, has a refined, pleas- with a vigorous massage with your hair tonic ia some-
ing odor and is a delightfully refreshing hair dressing. Q} ng l if l o)t forw ? rd to w^h pleasure. I am willing to :
" There Is no substitute for It Nothing Is just as good. Se^it oi the^wke't YouVJ^ 10 a " d Shampo ° are
Accept nothing else. At druglsts' SOc a bottle. ■ ' J J HFJCDERSON*
" .Attorney-at-Law. Sacramento. CaL '
Tot Trtt Sample send 10c to cover postag-* to "Werner Manufactarlajr Co^ Sacramento, CaL •
AMUSEMENTS. "'
fJVOLi S;
Special Matlnse Washington's Birthtlaj.
SIXTH WEEK OP
THE SEJSATION OT THE CTTY.
_|| When Johnny \k
[Conies Marching Home]
A Mllltiiry . SDectacular Comic Open* by
Stanislaus Stance and Julian Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
In Preparation— "THE OTPST BABOW."
Usual PosuUr Price*. ........ 25c. 50c and I 75c
Box Seats .■• ■ *»•""
CALIFORNIA
TO-HIOHT
CHARLES H. YALE'S g
EVERLASTING H
DEVIL'S AUCTION I
NEW SCENIC MARVELS fj
And the following great (eaturea: [I
The Famous Onrt Family. fl
'he Four Balamonsltys, II
ijrnorlna Elena Rosal. *S
Prager. i]
*he Boneless Herman. H
Lnd the Imperial Dancina; Troupe. H
fl NEXT— HUMAN HEARTS. . ■
astouivdiimcTaudeville !
EIG/iT VASSAR GIRLS i
Ziska and King; Werner - Amoiw
Troupe; Harry Thomson; Billy" B.
Van, Kose Beaumont and Company:
Thome nnd 'Carleton; Snyder and
Buckley; - Rtee nnd Klmer and
Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees evfrv Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 29c
and SOc.
-(Mats. Wednesday and Saturday at 2 Sharp.
TO'Niffht AIll> THIS WEEK.
IV ' U S UI Xnclndlnsr Sunday . XTlfffct.
Curtain Rises at S Sharp.
WEBER and FIELDS
All-Star Stock Company — Presenting
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
And Burlesque of
CM T 'H JE R I IN E
PRICES— I2.0O, $1.60, f 1.00. 75c AND SOc.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Positively Last Weber and Flelfls Performance.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY MATINEE.
Thomas J. Smith In "THE GAME KEEPER."
GREATEST CONCERT BAND IN AMERICA
' Combined tilth Scottish Vaudeville. '
SINGERS. DANCERS. PIPERS. 'ETC.
Commencing Tuesday Night, February 23
CLOSING SUNDAY NIGHT. FEE. 25TH.
Mats. Wednesday. Friday. Saturday and Sun-
day. Reserved *«ats. $1. 73c. SOc. Children. 29c.
READY THURSDAY at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
COMING— HAROLD BAUER, PIANIST
Racing llpSi^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAY. RAIN OR «HINB.
NEW CALIFOP.NIA JOCKEY OUB.
INGLBSIDB TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. February L
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by atreetcar from any part of the. elty.
Train leaves Third and Townsend *tre«:s at
1:19 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after • the. last race. N« smoking in last two
cart, which are reserved (or ladles and their
ciccrts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS.. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
AMTTSEKIEJrrS. '
Second "and Last Week.
i.oxxis nwaiaicx
JAMES and WARDE
Tn tnrnT AND RCNOAT NIGHT.
TO-NIGHT MATINEE SATURDAY.
JULIUS CAESAR
nu» - "axmxakdx* the gkxat
Be»lnnln» Next MomUy.
OEHXAJT THOXPSOH (mBEU) X»
"THE OU> KOaEEMTHAP."
_ —g - m-a a T\ Betasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR C ,SHV
To-Vlght— M«t«. Satnrdmy and Sunday.
Tbe Great American PUT.
THp JBy David Belasco and
|.||L H-C.de Mllle.
CHARITY BALL
EvisL. 23c to 7.V: Mat. Pat. A Sun. 23e to^ 50c-
NEXT MONDAT— Opentag with |^^
Matinee Washtnirton-s Birthday. FIBST
STOCK PRODUCTION OF
—THE VBOXO KB. WBIOHT
Broadburst's Farcical Cosnedy.
In Active Preparation— "PARSIFAL."
Market Str-et. Near Eighth. Phone South M*.
TO-NIOHT— ALL. THI3 WEEK.
MATINEES 8ATCRDAT AND SUNDAY.
The Beat of All Border Dramas.
THE MEN OF
JIMTOWN
A Thrlllim Tal*- of the Cherokee Strip.
Kxcttlng Plot*. StartUm Cilmaxe*: Ule*
Comedy: Scenic 3plendor»! - -:
All the Central Fawr1t»* In th« CaM.
I Kilt J Matinees l«c. 13c- 2 s *
Next— THE XING OF TTtE OPIUM RING.
Mis for Monday. Melcxly and Mirth,
ost majtnlflcent show on earth,
illlons of laughs, mighty little) ex-.
p*ns<\
twenty-five, fifty and seventy-five cents.
ROLY POLY
The mn«cal comedy at the century.
§B«»t ev»r oJTered by our hotxse.
Our "All Star" ra!«t. lncludlne
KOLB & DILL.
JOHN PEACHEY.
BEX. T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN. RUSSELL.
NELLIR LYNCH. •
Satunlay and SumTaT rnatln^en. ?Sc and SOa.
Next Attraction — "The Rounder*."
KELLY AND Y10LEUE. IRY1H3 JOZIES
.....JIKD A OBS&T SHOW..-..
Ever? Afteraooa acd Srenlas; tn ti«
Heat-d Theater.
A1IEKICAX. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINK
ItABlES IN THE INFANT IXCUKATOR3-
AMATKCR NKTilT,- THURSDAY.
A4ml»stots. 1C« : ChitdreB. Zc.
\Thrn I'bTntng. Aak for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
THE GREAT SOPRANO AT
LYRIC HALL
Ta-Yorrow (Tmstlaj) Eisning at 8:15
THURSDAY EVE. JrND SATURDAY MAT.
THREE MAGNIFICENT PR*"»ORAMME3.
Feat* fS.t'O, «1.50 «nd *1.0O
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'». where complete pro-
Kruicises may be obtained.
Second Kopti Psp. Sunday a ■Jsrnocn at 3
\A/ T. HESS.
Ifctary Public and Attoraay-at-l.aw.
Tenth Floor. Room ImIo. Claus SpreckeU bid*.
Telephone Main SS3.
Residence. 1*02 McAllister sc
Residence Telephone Pace .'541.
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearVALLEJO POLICE
TAKE THIEVES
Bingleader of a Xest of
B Marauders Proves to Be a
Weli-Known Property Owner
STORE LOOT IN A BARN
Prisoner and His Companions
Rent a Remote Country
Place for Use as a Depot
Ep«cial t'lsratch to The Call.
VAL.LEJO. Feb. 14.— Chief of Police
Stanford and Officers Hyde and'Harr
nett of Benicia feel that their work of
the past few days, which culminated
to-<2ay, has broken up a gang of thieves
that has done a profitable business in
Vallejo. Benicia and Napa for many
months past. As a result of their dis
coveries, Alfonse Hergott. who has
been a property owner and business
man here for tome years, and Jose la
More, who recently Jumped a French
ship at Port Costa, are under arrest
for burglary.
For some time • past Hercott has
rented an out-of-the-way / country
place, several miles east of Vallejo. The
officers found there to-day " a costly
i buggy that was stolen from C. B. John
son of Xapa last June, a valuable set
of carpenter tools that David Hirschle
lost at Napa Junction not long ago. 23
hish-claps chickens that were taken
from a hen roost of James Fraxer of
Benicia last Friday evening, sets of
harness and other valuable plunder.
The buggy was hidden in a little barn.
fo covered with straw as to resemble a
hay stack. Hergott and La Mose were
arrested on the premises.
DVXA3HTERS DRIVE AN
EDITOR OUT OF TOWN
Miscreants Wreck a Newspaper Office
and Tlien Threaten Him With
Death.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. ».— A special
to the Oregonian from Long Creek, Or.,
bays:
C. A. Coe. whose newspaper office was
I-artly wrecked about ten days ago by
dynamite, has received- an anonymous
letter saving that should he attempt to
resume publication of his paper, the
Ranger, he and his family would be
blown up. Coe says that he cannot run
the risk of having his family killed, and
it is expected he will leave here in a few
«layg. Coe has incurred the bitter
hatred of a large element in the com
munity, whom he has antagonized in
the column? of his paper.
Trolley Car Dashes X>o\vn 1 1 ill.
CHAGRIN FALLS. . O.. • Feb. 14.— A
trolley car heavily loaded with passen
trcrs dashed down a~ steep' hill here for
more than a mile to-day and jumped
the track at a sharp curve. Sixteen
!>cr5ons were more or less seriously
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAZOPl
And one that you can depend on every
day in the week." Made of the finest
tempered steeL Constructed for wear
rather than ornament. Has a touch
like a feather. Impossible to get a
better. value. for. the money. TagaJNjBS.
All my cutlery is high class and of
such standard makes as Wost enholm's
I X L. Jordan's. Stiletto. Henckel's
and other wfeli -known -brands.
I have good FOCEET JLB1VJUS at
prices ranging from SOc up. .
SCISSORS, good ones, ; as low as
25c
Two bars Williams* 10c Shaving
* Soap. 15c
Order by mail if you're out of town.
TEAT MAH PITTS.
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MASKET ST, Abore Powell. -
SAN FRANCISCO.
CUTLERY
EVERY BADE VftRRANTID
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
itouSEUH OF AHATOHYf
0 V' fl^ 1051 mtm g. uu i-.ur-x s.r. w. A
A — i S World. wSmm »r *c y rtmtnnr* A
6 fiS^i CR * J0RDAH-O1SEASES OF MEN 4
A I xBir H Trawn ptntrnVf «r fcy Iran. A A
A B n lift Wrt.r«Bo«k.rwi.oi«ir*if.f A
Q f 'J 17 KtnnUGC. mailed nn Uf
K a It ••!«•«>•« *** k fot •"'»> A
(7 DBJ^BPASitO.. 10R Market St. 8. P. V
JJR.PIERCES
<OCDELED)ER1
MEDICAL . ■ JJ
DISCOVERY
FOR THE *^,
BLOOD.MVER.LUNGS^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
catalogrue and Price Lfsti Mallei
on Application. . .
TBESB AXTD SALT MEATS.
•I1C DftVCC t i*l\ • Chipping LIutchers. 104
«' A2. BUI L3 & tU. Clay. TeL Main 128*.
*' ' ; ■■■ ■ .
OILS.
I^UBRICATXJCO OILS: VJSONAUD A ELLIS.
; 418 Front t^ S. F. Pbon> Main 1«1».
jl!^W}lwlIIIC3bgg (11 Esxjkonn iU S. F.
SPOKANE'S
BANDIT IS
IN PRISON
During; the Examination of
Freeman and James for Rob
bery Officers Arrest Leroy
Burns and Secure Confession
SWEETHEART OF YOUTH
I LEADS TO DETECTION
Prisoner Admits That He Has
Been Responsible for Recent
Hold-Ups and Implicates a
Companion in the Offenses
Special Disratch to Th«.CaIl.
SPOKANE. Wash., Feb. 14.— :Whlle
the preliminary examination . of Free
man and Norman James, the • wellr
known society youths of Spokane, is
bu^t half finished and was to be con
tinued Monday, the real robber was
captured at an* early hour this morn-'
ing. His confession of ten recent hold
ups, including the ones for which the
James boys were being tried, com
pletely exonerates . the lads' of - the
charges against them/ • There was
great, rejoicing in the James, home to
night .when' the -news became known
and there is much comment all over
the city over the dime novel-like work
of the city detectives . which resulted
in the capture of the real thug.
Leroy Burns is the man who admits
all the recent crimes. He is 26 years
of age. . He has used many aliases
and his mother, Mrs. Rampo, is said
to live at Whatcom, Wash. After the
arrest of Freeman James on a charge
of holding up W. W. Kay. east of this
city, the fact was printed that the al
leged robber rode a sorrel horse. A
local liveryman read this statement
and notified the^police of furnishing
Leroy Burns with a sorrel horse on
the day of the hold-up. This clew
was taken up,- but the officers got the
wrong scent and lost three days trac
ing a wrong Burns to Seattle. * Again
the work began. Three detectives
were put on the case, one learned of
; Burns having a sweetheart living east
of Spokane. She was shadowed with
out avail until it was learned she. was
coming to a dance in Spokane Satur
! day night. At the dance nothing hap
pened until midnight, when she was
given a note by a messenger. She an
swered the note and the detectives fol
lowed the messenger to a room in the
Alki House. When Burns answered
the officers' knock at the door he rec
ognized the detectives and said:
"Oh. it's all ofT. rra glad you came.
I'll tell you all about it."
A full confession was given in, the
presence of the prosecuting attorney
and Burns implicated William Hoff
man, who has also been : placed . under,
arrest. Burns says he was" hard up •
when he began the j holding-up work.
He says he, felt; sorry. when he noted
by the. papers that the James -.boys
were charged with the crime ,he com
mitted. ': His , ' series of hold-ups £ re^
suited in small returns; in each case.
He. clears up the mystery of
highway robberies that "have occurred
lately. The girl in the case does not
yet know.' that she was the innocent
cause of her lover's undoing.
FAMOUS CONNECTICUT
. JURIST PASSES AWAY
Jndse : Lyman Dcnlson Brewster Dies
Suddenly at His Home in
DANBURY, Conn., Feb. 14. — Judge
Lyman Denlson Brewster, a jurist of
national reputation, was found dead at
his home in this city to-day.
The uniform divorce law, which it
is expected will be adopted by nearly
every State in the Union, was drafted
by Judge Brewster. He was asso
ciated with Joseph . H. : Choate, now
United States Ambassador to England,
in breaking the will of the late Samuel
J. Tilden. m
A Royal Book Lover.
Empress Catherine II of Russia was,
a ' great reader ' and a lover of books.
One of her services to letters in. Rus
sia* was the purchase of the libraries
of Voltaire and Diderot She was a
warm friend and admirer of these
French philosophers and their work
interested her, because she was eager
to learn new theories of politics and
government. Voltaire's library of
about 7000 volumes is now a part of
the Russian imperial library in v the
Hermitage Palace and in the hall ■ de
voted to it .'is Houdon's statue of Vol
taire. The ; story ot Catherine's purr
chase of. Diderot's library Is Interest
ing. It is creditable to ier tact and
her generosity. Diderot named £15,'
000 as the price' of his library. Cath
erine II offered him £16,000. and
named as a condition of the bargain
that her purchase should remain with
Diderot until his death. Thus Diderot,
without leaving Paris, became Cath
erine's librarian In his own library.
As her librarian he was given a yearly
salary of £1000. One year this salary
vras paid. 'Then Catherine wrote v to
her librarian that she could not have
him or her library suffer through the
negligence of a ; treasurer's' clerk and
that she had set aside for the care and
Increase of her library. for' fifty. years.
At the end of that period she ■- would
make new arrangements. A check for
$25,000 accompanied ' this letter. — ■
Philadelphia Ledger.
Concernins Onions.
.The experience of those who have
tried the onion cure is that] It works
wonders - In 'restoring' a , cold '-, racked
system to its normal state.
An onion cure breakfast includes a
poached egg. on toast, three table
spoonfuls of fried- onions and a .cup
of ' coffee. Luncheon t of ■ sandwiches
made of brown bread;*' buttered and
filled with finely chopped 1 raw onions,
seasoned with salt and pepper, makes
the second meal on the schedule. For
supper the onions may be fried as for
breakfast and eaten with* a chop and
a baked potato.
The efficacy of onion's is well known
to, the singers of Italy and Spain, who
eat- them, every 'day to improve the
quality of their voices and keep them
smooth. .; 7 '■..".■-'
Onion • plasters ; are ', prescribed * to
breakup hard coughs. /They are
made of - fried 'onions placed ; between
two pieces of old muslin. The plaster
is : kept quite . hot until the patient Is
snugly, in bed, when "It 'is "placed oh
the chest to stay over, night. . •
- >£)nlon : syrup- Is claimed by some to
be uneaualed.as a cure for a.bad cold
In . the : chcst'—Washington Stari >
THE; :!s!r\Nv :: ERANGISeOiCAIiL; FEBRUARYg-15^1904'
PHYSICIANS
LOSE HOPE
FOR HANNA
. • ■■■■.■ -■-• ■ .
Condition of the Noted^Senator
Becomes Much More Alarm
ing and the End Is De
clared to Be Very ' Near
NATION'S PRESIDENT
JlAKES PERSONAL CALL
Sudden Changes in the Ohioan's
Struggle for . Life Cause
Amazement Among Medical
Men v at City of Washington
- WASHINGTON, Feb.. 15, 3:45 a. m.
Senator Hanna has liad another sink-
Ins si>eU. Dr. Osier was called from
his bed and h'e and DrV Carter worked
laboriously over : tho patient. As are
suit there - has been a : complete -\ re
action, although the Senator has been
left much weaker. Dr. Osier returned
to his bed. with instructions to ';■ be
caUed should another spell be immi
nent. tMBBHSfSUKmSfM
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— This 'was
regarded throughout as. the crucial 'day
In Senator Hanna' s ■ battle . for. llfe. ! ; It
began with assurances of quite an opti
mistlft character. \: The first news from
the sick room was announced shortly
after 1 7 o f clock a. m. The Senator, the*
doctors ' said, had passed a perfectly!
quiet night. His temperature?- was
103.8, pulse 120 and stronger -JmA; his
respiration was declared to be satisfac
tory, although ho figure :was given.;.
At intervals of two hours :durihg;the
night Senator Hanna- had been aroused
and given nourishment,': after which he
immediately would ': resume his sleep.
The doctors supplemented v .the., an
nouncement . the statement that
the condition of- the ', Senator \ at -those
times surpassed all their expectations.
, This statement had'hardly been is
sued when an unexpected change for
the worse took place. Dr. ; Osier had
gone to Mr. Hanha's room and Dr.'Car
ter and Secretary, Dover had ; stepped
down to the dining-room for breakfast.
Dr. Rlxey had not arrived, and the Sen
ator was alone with his nurses. Sud
denly he became noticeably weaker.
His rapid breathing excited alarm; and
other evident signs of distress caused a
hurried summons for both physicians.
On their almost instant arrival his
pulse was beating at the alarming'rate
of 137 and his respiration was above 40.
The oxygen apparatus was immediate
ly put into use, the breathing cone was
placed over the Senator's mouth and
nostrils and 'relief secured.
, DOUBT AMONG DOCTORS.
- At 9:30 o'clock an official bulletin was
issued covering this , period. The phy
sicians declined to make further, com
ment on the outlook, but it was noticed
that their optimism of the early morn
ing had been entirely dissipated by the
8 o'clock • sinking^ spell:";* However, for
the • neit- few " hours the i reports which
came officially from the bedside of the
Senator all told • of 'his- wonderful re
cuperative powers. , . ...
• At 10:30 a. m. Dr. Osier declared Sen
ator Hanna to be entirely recovered
from the depression of the early. morn-
Ing hours. At this time ■ the doctor left
for Baltimore, _with the . understanding
that he would return at 4:30 in the aft
ernoon. Drs. Rlxey, : Carter and:Ful
cher remained in constant attendance*
At noon an official bulletin was issued
showing a drop of nearly, two degrees in
the Senator's temperature, which was
looked, on as . a^ most : encouraging sign,
especially In view of the fact that the
bath had not been resorted to* to re
duce the fever. H. M. Hanna, the Sen
ator's brother, on coming: from' the sick
room Just as the. noon bulletin was is
sued, said that a very decided improve-;
ment ■ in every respect had itaken | place
during the half hour immediately pre
ceding. * ;
A , lapse of , nearly, two hours then . in
tervened .without news, wh^n suddenly,
at 2 o'clock, Mr. Dick of Ohio and Mr.
Dover came from the Senator's : apart-,
ments with the announcement' that the
Senator had suffered another severe 1
sinking spell and had failed .utterly: to
respond to all stimulants administered^
to revive him.
REPORT CAUSES AIiAR^f.
This news came like a bolt ■ from a
clear sky. The hotel corridors had been
thronged throughout the day with
anxious Inquirers as to the • Senator's
condition. The latest news from the
sick room caused a. hush : throughout
the lobbies. • Medill McCormick, ■ the
Senator's son-in-law, « was dispatched
in haste for more powerful stimulants.
These came, but the next report, a few
minutes later, said that the doctors de
clared the end to* be only a question of
perhaps 'minutes,', but at most of hours.
■ Then, within a : space ; of three min
utes, the patient rallied; his conscious
ness returned, and by the* exertion of
his wonderful will power Senator Han
na seemed to pull himself together In
what the doctors and those at .the bed
side regarded as a most miraculous
manner. But the fight was : by no
means won. Although the afternoon
relapse had- been- railed from, it had
left a badly weakened frame for future
battles. • The restoratives were contin-.
ued and the Senator would doze again
into a stupor. ■ £\ S> o '-'< /- ■ -^^;- '.&
When the- situation looked most
critical this ' afternoon" the members of
t:.e family were assembled v In the
sickroom. Mrs. Hanna' was, in almost
constant ■ attendance j at . the • bedside:
Others «n the room w^re the daugh
ters, Ruth- and;, Mabel:", respectively,
Mrs. Medill McCormick and Mrs.
Harry AT Parsons,: • with ; their hus-;
bands; the Senator's son, Dan R.
Hanna and his wife : ';■ H. M. Hanna;
tKe Senator's brother, and 1-; Miss
Phelps, a niece. * After the .Senator
had made his wonderful and unex
pected rally the ladies, with the ex
ception of Mrs. Hanna. "went out. at
the suggestion of 'the physicians for
short walks and drives. :■■•
PRESIDENT .- A CALLER.'
President Roosevelt called to make
a personal inquiry shortly after noon:
Governor, Herrlck of ; Ohio arrived , in
Washington at 8:30 r thi8 : m6rnIng-and
went at once to - the '• Senator's apart
ment. Former . Postmaster/; General
Smith '■-' arrived from ; Philadelphia;
Postmaster General ; Payne and ' Gov
ernor Herrick lunched together at the
Hotel, where both remained through
out the day In constant touch with, the
Senator's condition.' Representative
Dick spent " the " entire day in Senator
Hanna's apartment. V Speaker Cannon
called more than - once. ■ Secretaries
Hitchcock. and ;Wilsoh also called, -as
did Senators ; Fairbanks. Platt of Conr
necticut, Keane iof New; Jersey,; Scott
of ■- West Virginia; Mitchell: of; Oregon;
Spooner and „ many :« others. • Andrew
Squire "of Cleveland,': a > close - personal
friend - of < Senator; Ha,nna, ; has ; been in
Washington several days. Clement A;
CARS RUSH
MARINES TO
A WARSHIP
Battalion Is Hurried to the
Vessel Prairie Now at Colon
From Their Camp on the
Line of Panama Railway
FORCE TO PROCEED;
. TO SANTO DOMINGO
United States Steamer at the
Isthmus Is Under Orders to
Depart Immediately for the
Scene of Possible Hostilities
COLON,^ Feb. : 14:— Hurried ■; orders
from Washington i ' were received to
embark a battalion of; marines on/, the
Prairie. A special ?'' train . left Colon
this ;" morning and returned > at : nooji"
with, the ,450 marines who were! en
camped; at Bas • Obispo station on the
Panama' Railway.'
The" Prairie's" boats were ' kept busy
all day /embarking the camp j fittings,
baggage, stores, etc., and this task '.Is
not -yet finished. \"
Major Lucas will command the bat
talion and the Pralrlej will ' sail ■ to
morrow^under sealed orders.'. . ;Ji V-(-1
t; It-, has leaked • out here that the ma
rines ".arev destined; for .' Santo ; ;Db
m'irigo.'' Only: about 100 marines now
remain at Bas Obispo. (
Washington; Feb: 14.— Naval offi
cials sayj that while the Prairie, .with'
the 450 marines from Colon aboard, will
touch *: at ;. San Domingo; that the i real
destination • of . the [, vessel : is the ' naval
station at Guantanamo. The ; purpose
of taking the men there, they say, is. to
give them a change of climate and sur
roundings.', .After they have "V been at
Guantanamo for a while, probably they
will , be sent back to the ; Isthmus, if the
United States continues _to. keep up its
present marines there and others will
be given an opportunity to go to Guan
tanamo.. Officials - say it is not the in
tention of the United. States to Increase
Its marine landing force In San Domin
go waters, that there is already, an ade
quate number of- men on .board -the
ships now, in those' waters If they are
needed for landing purposes.' •
.; Word reached the Navy Department
to-day : that the , battleship squadron of
the North Atlantic fleet, including the
Kearsarge, the Alabama, the Illinois
and the Massachusetts, had sailed from
Culebra for the naval , station at Guan-.
tanamo. This Is part of ,the regular
programme of the movements -of : the
squadron.
WORKMEN ARE BURIED ; ;
BY A BIG LANDSLIDE
Three ' 3Ien Lose Their. Lives in an
Accident on * Railroad i
H
: AUBURN,- Cal;,? 'Feb.' " 14.— Three
m£n\lost : ;the^
reason of . a'landslide^and ,'cave-in' of
a portion of' the company's
snow sheds a few; miles this side \ of
Truckee.' A" gang' ;: of ? forty-six -men
were working, when : they r heard ; the
slide 'coming and -all s made a run: for
their lives. Several were. burled .waist
deep and j were; extricated -by their
companions. .; One -young ' ; man was
taken out completely suffocated and
the •* others cannot :•" be . found. Their
bodies .are buried : under,
thirty feet : of snow. The body • recov
ered was identified as that of Daniel
C. Olbrok of Derby, Conn.' :'■'.,? -: < '
Griscom! of- Philadelphia spent the day
at the Arlington and Representative
Grosvenpr . made' many „ trips '. to 7 the
hotel during . the : day.
Constant telegraphic communication :
with Cleveland. New York ' and " other ,
cities was j kept j up and the -relatives I
ancT friends of the 5 Senator were; in- !
formed of every change in his condi- i
tion; '. Hundreds ■ of telegrams of sym
pathy; arrived. ; -> The) first ; bulletin j of
the evening .was . Issued at 6 " p. -m. ; and,
was as follows:- .. .
''Senator Hanna was not so well 'this
afternoon; •-;. but he} has rallied.^ i His
pulse Is ; now, 130; frespiration 40, tem
perature 103.6. s "
-:'/ -■ "RIXEY.
"OSLER. ■■"■.
* : ." VCARTER/*'
A statement was-made accompany
ingthe 6 o'clock bulletin that the. rally
was ; due i to the :■ injections of brandy
and water under ; the , skin. For about
an hour and a half following the sink
ing spell thejSenator had been con
scious, but he made no attempt to
speak during the entire time.: At 3:30
o'clock he dropped into a doze and at
times. slept peacefully.. Later he took
a little nourishment. ':
PHYSICIANS^ ARE SURPRISED.
The physicans \ used ! oxygen* con- |
tlnuously throughout the afternoon.
The 5 rally from si third' sinking spell
was so ' unusual -' that .the physicians
themselves were astounded. , They said
; they believed it due largely to the pa
tient's wonderful efforts to aid in their
heroic measures. -■ ;■
The $ ■■■ o'clock bulletin showed no
improvement in the . Senator's condi
tion. Some milk and whisky were ad
ministered at 6 : 3 0 o'clock and shortly
thereafter the patient was given an
other bath, but it caused no reduction
in the temperature. For an hour after
the bath? Senator- Hanna dozed and
was resting cqmfortably.' , More nour
ishment was given at 8 o'clock.
Throughout the ; evening the doctors
gave oxygen at' Intervals of half an
hour.
It was apparentat 8:30 o'clock that
unusual' gloom' pervaded the hotel. All
hope : had been abandoned and any im
provement • in? the ; Senator's 'condition
which developed In the course 1 of the i
day was ■ regarded as only temporary.
•Mr.' Dover, on coming from the sick
chamber; said there was no chance for
life, although the ; physicans were not
preparing for immediate dissolution.
• :<■ The following official bulletin was
Issued by. the physicians at 11 o'clock:
•'There has been no material change
in Senator .Hanna's : condition since 7
o'clock. Temperature • now 104, pulse
130, respiration? 40.". The bulletin was
signed -by- Drs. : Dixey, ; Osier and I Car
ter.t, : : Dr. Osier : retired - for ; the ' night
immediately after:.' issuing the ' 11'
o'clock bulletin.'; saying he anticipated
no immediate change. .. . :. f
: At midnight "Senator Hanna was
sleeping quietly. 'With him .were Dr.
Carter," the nurse and- Miss Phelps; his
niece. -. '' ■/-■<■■'■' .j: -•%..;-,, ..-. , vi .■.■■.^ ; -'-.-^
% Shortly-bef ore"- 1 .o'clock Private Sec
retary Dover,: who ; had- just- returned
from the '- Senator's ? room, • said ■ there
was absolutely; no? change in his $ con
dition. The Senator was then resting
quietly. v.It was for the at
tendants to say .whether, he was asleep
oiyin : a stupor. : ■- : ?;'u ;:'/'. '*'.■■■-;.» -s.
' ; Atil:30 a."m." he^was resting easily.
Oxygen continues to be used/
• -■•...*•.•■■«■■..-■■.•: ■■:;'■■ --■'•: ■■- ■- ■ ■■•-.: V ■ : ■■./■.T^-
NEW COLONEL
FOR SEVENTH
In Fight Between Berry arid
Schreiber Major Finley Steps
in as Dark Horse and ;Wins
TWENTY - FOUR BALLOTS
Headqu arters of National Guard
Regiment to Be Moved From
Los Angeles to Santa Ana
Special Dispatch to The CalL
■ LOS ANGELES, Feb. I 14.— After a
contest .which was waged throughout
last evening and until after midnight,
the contestants being officers of the.
National Guard,- Colonel John RjBerry
was defeated. irr hia i efforts to secure ie
election to the command of the Seventh :
Regiment, the headquarters, of which
has always been; In this 'city.. . Major
S. H. Finley of Santa 'Ana. was elected,
after "twenty- four 'ballots, which were
cast ; by' practically all the officers of
the -Seventh Regiment. The election of
Finley; will, result' in the remoyaTof the
headquarters , of the regiment ' to Santa
Ana. - . ':. •;■ ■'■; ..'-... rr
The fight was between Berry and
Former Lieutenant: Colonel Schreiber
and Finley ;.was\n6t .mentioned 7 until
late, when he came In as a dark horse
and carried off the office. -
.. .Captains Truman Cole - and •' Walter
A. Greenleaf were elected battalion ma
jors,; as was Major ; Tyrrell ', B. : Thomas,
who : is now Inspector ; of -rifle ; practice
on the staff of the commander of the
First Brigade.- , - :
TURKS ATTACK
BULGARIANS
Frontier Guards of . the Snl t a n ,
With Kefnf orcements or In
. f an trjv Engage in a Battle
BERLIN, Feb. 14.— The Frankfurter
Zeiturig's r Salonica correspondent \ tele
graphs that a Bulgarian band number
ing 100. was attacked at Dchumbala by
Turkish frontier! guards, who were] re
inforced by two companies of infantry.
/".The battle, the correspondent reports,
lasted a .long 'time and 'the Bulgarians
fled at night, . leaving twelve ; dead on
the \ field. * The Turkish loss' was ' one
killed and two. wounded. ;
LORD ROBERTS AT OUTS
WITH HIS GOVERNMENT
Veteran General Is Said to Have T>e
. clined Appointment as Inspector
General.
LONDON, Feb. 14.— There are rumors
of ,. friction" between ; the Government
and Lord - Roberts. It is said .that .the
latter, declined an appointment as In
spector General - and * has been . Invited
by. Premier Balfour to remain a mem
ber of the defense committee, drawing
his present scale of pay as command
er in 'chief for the unexpired term of
two years.
Youthful Coon Hunter Injured.
'■ WOODLAND, Feb. 14.— Harvey Farn
ham, aged 22 years, met ; with a serious
accident to-day while hunting . coons
near here.' He treed one of the animals
and then climbed to a ' branch to make
the "capture. -The. limb of the; tree
broke under his weight and he fell
twelve feet. .His "jaw was fractured on
both sides and he probably is Injured
internally. .
ARRESTED OX TWO -
• DURbliARY CHARGES
Robert Linehan Accused' of Breaking
Into Stable and Stealing Same
\ > ; " Harness Twice. ■
: Robert : Linehan, alias Frank ; Lltch,
:,was booked at the City Prison yester
day on . two charges' of '. burglary^ - He
is accused of having entered the stables
of the Central Lumber and . Mill Com
pany on Tenth" street near : Mission : on*
Sunday night, . February, 7, and steal
ing six sets of harness. He sold them
to second hand dealers on Mission
street. ,
Ryan ana Taylor recover
ed, the harness and handed to v the com
ipany, five, of : the sets, retaining one as
evidence against Linehan when he was
[arrested. On Friday night, Linehan
again visited the stables and stole the
iflve sets of harness that had been'.*re
,turned. He ;. Is . also accused of. having
entered a stablfe on Grove; street the
same night. and stealing a set of har
ness.
Linehan was arrested on Saturday by
Policemen , O'Reilly and : Drlscdll ;; and
.was Identified \ by the dealers to : whom
he sold the harness. .
PERSOXAIi.
Dr.' R.\ J. . "Waters . and wife of Napa
are at '.the Occidental.
A; J. Fairbanks, proprietor of a hotel
at : Willlts, is at ; the Lick.
. E. - B..WalbrIdge, a mining man of
Red Bluff, Is at the Grand.
W. F. Detert, a mining man of Jack
son, arrived at the Lick yesterday.
. Henry F. Brlzard,~ a mining', engineer
of : Dry town, is registered at the Lick.
R. L. Douglass, a capitalist of Vir
ginia; City, and wife are at the Grand.
" . Ml" G. de'Guiaand B. Novarro, mem
bers "of . the Manila' observatory, are at
the Palace en route to St. Louis.-'
1 * Lieutenant \ W. ' A. Kdgar, f ormlrly of
the : United : States ■ ship Rainbow,- ar
rived from the Orient yesterday.
Walter M. Speyer, : a prominent local
fire Insurance' agent, who has been vis
iting Honolulu,' returned yesterday. :
R. ; B. : Burns; 'chief engineer" of the
Western System of the Santa 'Fe road;
is i up t rom • Los Angeles and Is -at: the
Palace. 1 '- ■-^-■■;:^"' -.''V':" ■ ■"> ■.:■•
:. B. B. ' Sprague, nephew /of Millionaire
Oxnard, and his bride returned; on" the
steamship China ; yesterday £ from their
honeymoon trip- to the Orient.
S E. W. Gillett,- general freight and pas
senger agent of the San Pedro," Los An
geles i and ' Salt . Lake road;, arrived yes
terday- from Salt Lake. en route to , Los
Angeles, and is registered at the ' Pal
ace.'-';'' '■"'• /'/- ■: ' ■ '■ ' '. ■
Suspected -Burglar Caught.
: Arthur/ Richer was arrested at; a
late hour ) last night ■■[ InV: front of : a
lodging-house at 1 126 O'Farrell street.
He Is accused by the landlady of .the
place of trying, to break into the house.
Qn Richer's person were found a loaded
revolver, and a black mask. .. His name
was placed on* the detinue book pend
ing an investigation, .
" *. , • ".^ ADVEBTISEMEKT3. ;
NO MAN OR WOMAN
CAN HAVE DYSPEPSIA
And Still Be Agreeable, Attractive and Popular
—Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Are a Cer- ]
tain, Safe and Natural Cure.
THEY WILL MAKE YOU LOOK PLEASANT
There; Is nothing that will put you to
the front so rapidly. In the business or
social world as a cheerful disposition
and ' a pleasant appearance. Other
things - being equal, people will go . out
of their way to give a. fellow' a lift who
always .wears a cheerful countenance.
The, man. or woman with: a cranky dis-
position and a sour face will always
meet with ah: indifferent if not a chilly
reception. The commercial traveler,
who is the recognized - business barom-
eter. . appreciates better , than : any one
the value of this -rule. and governs his
actions accordingly. SJr^
Dyspepsia destroys all. the agreeable
qualities that enter Into a man's or
woman's make-up. . ; It ," is almost a hu-
man : : impossibility » for- any one ■ with a
severe case of dyspepsia to look pleas-
ant. - The ; continuous, miserable, cast-
down feeling is bound to make Itself
shown in the 'appearance and conversa-
tion. '- v -
' ' Stuart's • Dyspepsia Tablets » are the
sufferer's certain cure. They are also
recognized all - over the world. The
cures they, have brought about and ' the
happiness they have caused and the suf-
fering they' have relieved . have - made
their name . a household word . in all the
English-speaking world.7 ■" . .
! . The reason : that . Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are a certain cure Is that they
are a natural ] cure. ; ; There is nothing
to prevent them • curing. . They contain
the ."essential Ingredients of ■ the ' diges-
tive fluids of the stomach and simply do
the' Identical work : ot the stomach, re-
lieving 1 that weakened . organ . and :, per-
mitting ; it to rest and recuperate. Could
anything be more - • simple ; or natural ?
They are bound to'" cure." jj They cannot
help I themselves. It is Just ; like putting
a" "new stomach, into 'a\ man— if that
were possible-;-and letting the old - one
go off 'on a 'vacation.' Kest is .what it
needs. Nature will do Her own work of
restoration,' never fear. '
: ; Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are '- for
sale by all druggists at 60 cts. a box.
All druggists means all druggists. They
have become' so/necessary to the. peo-
ple that the druggist simply has to keep
them -anyway. There, are other -reme-
dies that he can make much more money
on if h'e- could • sell them, but he can't.
He will 'not take chances on losing his
customers' by.'. not; always ?havlng on
hand " a supply of' Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
MAKE PEACE WITH
YOUR STOMACH
You Arc "Certain to Ix>sc If You At-
tempt the Use of Force or Violence.
You cannot force your stomach to do
work that It is unable and unwilling to
do. It has been tried 'time and again,
always with the. same result. The stom-
ach is a good and faithful servant y but
when pushed beyond the limiit It re-
bels. Some stomachs will stand much
more abuse than others, but every stom-
ach has its limit, and when that limit
is reached it;is ; a very dangerous and
unwise proceeding ' to . attempt to force
it into doing further work. The sensi-
ble and reasonable course is to employ
a substitute . to carry on the work of
digestion and give the stomach an op-
portunity to recuperate and regain its
lost strength.
/Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, are the
only perfect substitute to take up and
carry on the work of .tired, worn-out
stomachs. They \are natural and easy
In . their work and cause no disturbance
in the digestive organs. They contain
all the essential elements that make
up tho gastric juice and other digestive
fluids ! and ' will' digest any food that a
strong, healthy stomacn will and do ,it
in the same time and in the same way.
They work independently of surround-
ing conditions, and the . fact mat the
stomach is weak or diseased does ■ not
influence them at all in their useful and
effective work. • They will digest food
Just as' well in a glass jar or bottle as
they will in a stomach. You can see
that for yourself by. putting one of
them into a Jar with a square meal and
some water to enable it to work.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, by thus
relieving the stomach of its work, en-
able that organ to rest and recuperate
and regain its health and strength. The
process is perfectly natural and plain.
Nature will heal the. stomach just as
she heals a wound or a broken limb, if
she is not Interfered with, and is per-
mitted to do her work In her own
way. All interference is prevented by
Stuart's Dyspepsia TaMets. '
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere . at . 50
cents a box, and if you are afflicted with
dyspepsia, one box will make you feel
fifty times better. You will forget you
have a stomach and rejoice in the for-
getfulness. No druggist would be so
shortsighted as to try to get along with-
out .Stuart's Dyspepsia , Tablets, for
•they are . so popular and . are so •well
known for the good they have done and
the happiness they have caused that any
druggist caught without them would
lose the confidence of his customers and
be regarded as below the standard. His
business would suffer as a result and
his patrons would go to other stores
and miy their other drugs there as well
as their Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. ;
DO NOT WEAR A LONG FACE
It is a Great Handicap In All Business
' and Social Relations.
The ' man who looks as if he had lost
his last friend is in no danger of being
crushed by the jam or the new ones
unless ho "cheers up." People are not
going out of their way nowadays t» as-
sociate with i the man - of mournful and
melancholy appearance. They are afraid
fie will tell them his troubles and they
steer clear of him. as they all. have
plenty of their own.
- The most universal cause of the for-
lorn and hopeless appearance to-day is
dyspepsia. It unfits a man for every
duty of life and causes him to become
despondent and gloomy. . and necessarily
his looks xlo not belie his feelings. He
appears cast down and eejected and be-
comes*' a burden to himself and human-
ity in general. . . '
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets; are the
dyspeptic's certain ' relief. They do the
work that the stomach :s unable to do
and by relieving, that organ of Its bur-
dens permit it to regain its. health and
strength and again become active and
useful in- its -functions. They contain
all the essential ingredients that enter
into the digestive flutes and secretions
of the stomach and they actually take
up the work and. do it just as a healthy,
sound stomach would."
- By this means a man can » go right
ahead with his work and eat 'enough to
keep - him in proper . working \ condition.
His system is net deprived of Its neces-
sary nourishment as fl is in the ■ case
of k a "starvation" cure or the employ-
ment of some of the Rrst-class chicken-
foods • now on the market. Starvation,
even if it t were a good • thing, could not
bo continued long enough to effect a
cure, -for a. disordered and worn-out
stomach - is not going , to become strong
and healthy in two or three days.
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act nat-
urally because they • contain natural dl-
gestives. The principal component parts
are aseptic pepsin, malt diastase and
other ingredients with like properties
that d<y the work regardless of the con-
dition of the stomach. There Is no un-
natural or violent disturbance of the
digestive organs as the result of their
action. In fact, the existence of the
stomach is entirely forgotten as soon as
they have had time to begin their opera-
tions. They also possess very curative
and healing properties and assist tha
stomach in getting well, while relieving
it of its work. They perform tho duties
of both nurse and physician.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as© for sale
by all druggists at SO cents a box. and
there is very little danger of any drug-
glst'trying to sell you something else in
their place that is "just as good." They
are so well established and have done so
much good in the world that their nam«
has become a household word; so ; the
usual warning. "Accept no substitute.'!
is unnecessary in the case of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
A HOUSE BUILT UPON A ROCK
It Is. the Dyspepsia Sufferer's Only
Refuse; His Shelter. His. Hope
and His Relief.
To the weak and weary sufferer from
dyspepsia, storm tossed on the sea of
despondency and. buffeted and beaten by
his cruel affliction, there appears one
refuge where he may find relief from his
danger and distress. It is for him to ac-
cept or reject; but if accepted, ho will
rejoice in the security of perfect health
as certain as the hills endure. '
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been. .
are and always will be the dyspeptic's
certain relief from his troubles aiul dis-
tress, the world over. Their unparal-
leled and phenomenal, success from a
business- standpoint is not unnatural nor
surprising. • It is due directly to their
unparalleled and phenomenal success in
curing multiplied thousands of cases of
dyspepsia throughout the regions of tha
earth.
The reason o! the wonderful success
of Stuart's Dybpepsia Tablets is so plain
and simple that' a child can understand.
It is this and nothing more; they are
natural In their workings and effects.
They take up the> work of the worn and
wasted stomach' and do it Just as > the
stomach did when it was well and strong
and able. They actually digest the food
and do it thoroughly, completely and in-
dependently, thus giving the weak and
weary stomach an opportunity to renew
and regain its wasted strength. You for-
get that you have a stomach Just as you
did when you were a healthy boy or girl.
No matter hOw much you eat or what
you eat. the results are just the same.
Take one of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet*
after the meal 'and. regardless of the
condition .of your stomach, your foo.l
will be digested in a perfectly natural.
normal and healthful manner. • Tour
stomach will have a perfect rest and Na-
ture will do the rest. Your digestion will
be restored and you will rejoice In tha
perfect health that sufferers always. re-;
ceive from Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. . .
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale
by druggists everywhere at 50 cents a
box. All druggists carry them and the
best doctors are prescribing them.- You
need not fear that you will ever be unabla
to get them, for because of the good they
have done mankind and .the suffering
they have relieved and the.
they have caused, the fame and success
and the popularity of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets from generation unto generation
will endure.
IS YOUR STOMACH
ON A STRIKE?
There Is Xqthlnc to Prevent Yon Era-
ploying a Substitute to
' There is such a thing * as forbearance
ceasing to be a virtue. even in the casa
of one's stomach. There is no question
but that some stomachs will stand a
great deal more wear and tear and abuse
than others, but they all have their limit,
and when that limit is reached the stom-
ach must be reckoned with as sure as
fate. The best way and really the only
effective way to treat your stomach w ner »
it rebels is to employ a substitute tb do
its work. This will give the weakened
and worn-out organ* an opportunity to
rest and regain its strength and health.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets relieve tha
stomach ■ of its work by taking up- tha
work and doing It just as one set or
shift of workmen relieves another. They
actually digest the food in just the samo
manner and 'Just the same time as tha
digestive fluids 'of a sound stomach do.
In fact, when dissolved in the stomach,
they are digestive fluids, for they con-
tain exactly the same constituents and
elements as the gastric juice and other
digestive fluids of the stomach. No mat-
ter what the condition of the stomach is.
their work is Just the same. They work
in their own natural way without regard
to surrounding conditions.
The stomach being thus relieved T>y
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. Is restored
and renewed by Nature, and the rest ot
the human body does not suffer in tha
least by reason of its failure to perform
its work. . sJsMEWBsi ur '
A Wisconsin man says: "1 suffered
the pangs of dyspepsia for ten yearm, I
tried every known remedy with lndlffer-
e»t results until I was told of the re-
markable cures of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets. I bought a box. began taking:
them, and forgot 1 had a stomach. Threa
boxes cured me completely. I have had
no trouble whatever for a year and bava
an appetite like a harvest liand and can
eat anything that is<*et before me with-
out fear of bad results."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sala
by all druggists at 60c a box. Tha drur-
irlst never fails to have them to stock
because the demand for them Is so great
and so pronounced that ha cannot affora
to be without them. People who could
not get them of ona druggist would go to
another and would get in the habit of
buying their other drugs thera^as well
as their Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
i starving!
% In the Midst of Plenty.
* That's what people with poor A
digestion ar» dote* every day. >J
JEt They have no appetite, or If they
<P do have an appetite and eat what %S^
JtU, they require It doe« them no eood.
«? because th» atomach does not dt- T5T
•V (eat it - and the t ennetittaif siass •»
T? of food becomes a source of dls- T5r
«- ease of headache*, sleeplessness, v?
languor and the thousand and one *T
.#» .' symptoms of disordered digestion. ••
a ...Stuart's... §.
|j Dyspepsia Tablets
* promptly relieve and cure all forms i£,
of indigestion. They have done it *
JTj in thousands of cases and will do -2.
•7 "It In yours. The reason Is simple.
_e-.- Tfcey digest the . food whether the {*
Ttf ' stomach works or not. and that's t*
r% the whole secret. 'For sale.byatl
*Z? drugffiae*. 50 cents a package. Ad- *J^
£T.A.STUARTCO.,Marsfiall,Miclu J
j^ for free book on stomach troubles. .«
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
WED IN STUFFY
CLOAK CHAMBER
Charles Johnson and Mary Yates
Joined in a Room Hung
With Ladies' Hats and Wraps
• KNOT IS QUICKLY TIED
Justice R. B. Tappan Marries a
Couple and Manages a Whist
Tourney at the Same Time
ALAMEDA. Feb. 14.— Standing in a
stuffy cloakroom in the City Hall. last
night Charles E. Johnson and Mary E.
Yates took each other for better or for
worse, the marriage ceremony being
performed by Judge R. B. Tappan in
one minute and thirty seconds by the
watch. The pair came from San Fran
cisco, bent upon entering into a matrl
•monial alliance as fast as the law and
other essentials would permit. With the
assistance of J. A. Munro they found
Judge Tappan in the City Hall, where
the magistrate was managing a great
whist tourney then being given by the
Thompson Hose Company of the
volunteer firemen.
As" his Honor could not leave the
tourney apartment for more than a
few minutes at a time, he requested
that the groom and bride be escorted
to the ladies' cloakroom, near by, re
marking.* "Tell them to make ready
and I will be there right after I blow
the next whistle for tlu.se players and
make their happiness complete."
Immediately upon sounding his
whistle Judge Tappan hastened to the
cloakroom and in a very short time
another husband and wife had been
added to the list of the married.
"Hearts have been trumps here all
evening and I am glad to see that
neither of you- have reneged," said the
record-breaking nuptial knot-tier as
he bade the couple good-by and wish
ed them a prosperous future..
Those who witnessed the speedy
marriage were George T. Morris, T. R.
Hanson and Miss Rosenberg.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. F*b. 14. — An- announcement of
particular ir.t»>re»t in the art world is that of
the er.cageirent of Mis» Bes-si? Yard and C.
Chapel Judeon. MI59 Yard is the only daugh
ter of Sidney Yard, one of the foremost paint
ers of California, whose exquisite water-color
work places him in the front ranks of Western
article.
The young lady Is herself a very talented
frirl, her cleverness a? a reader, especially,
having charmed the public at many social and
charitable events.
«.". Chapel Judcon is on* of the best known
articts in this vicinity, his long association
wiih the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art — wber*
he i* now an assistant professor — as well as
»-..» skill with the brush, making him a promi
nent fipure In art circles. He is aleo Instructor
of freehand drawing at the University of Cal
ifornia ar.d a member of the Bohemian Club
In San Francisco,
The weddir.f of these two very Interesting
young people will be an April event and will
ts.kc place at> the residence of the bride's
parents:
The Wawona Club, a recently formed social
end literao' organization of young men from
loth fides of the bay. will give its first recep
tion and dance in Maple Hail next Thursday
ev»r.!cg. February 18. The club, which was
only organized about four months ago. al
rrady has a large membership of young men
prominent in *ocial and business - circles In
thle city and Pan Frandscd. The object of the
organization is to promote discussion on social
problems and business, methods of the pres
ent <!ar.nlnBsSB|ppMPBVBMVVPsWMM4
Arrangements for the dance to be,given next
Thursday evening are In charge of Lyle M.
Brown. a.Ft l««*l by Carlin G. Smith. Earl Bur-
I-ee. Cesier Wilson. Wiiliam W. White, Emil
Frittch. Clarence Hlte and Charles Eggleston.
The members of Piedmont Parlor No.. S7.
X. I). 'J. W.. have arrange <Jto give a prize
«hift tournament at Lorlng Hall on February
"5. Th* member* of the committee in charge
of the tournament are: Mrs. Jennie Jordan.'
Mr?. G. Dibber. Mre. A. Uessmer, Mr*. J. E.
Broun. Mrs. A. McDonald. Mrs. B. Perker.
Ulf* E. Chicon. MlM C. Enplehardt. Miss K.
Miss A. Hammerly. Miss M. Kenny.
BERKELEY. Feb. 14.— Friends end neigh
bors of Jostle W. Wells, the Town Ataita^r,
tendered him a rewDtlon last evening at his
r.rw home. KtCi Berkeley way. It was a
housttwarrcing affair and was thoroughly en-
Jor«J by tho*« present. The guests Wf-re Mr.
and llrr R. G. Cramer. Master Robert Cra
m*-r. Mia* P«trl Oram*r. Mifis Elle Cramer.
Mr. and Mrs. George Stetter. Mr. an4 Mr*.
John Bacl>e!der. Mrs. Louise Gowen, Mr. end
Mrs. Philip Teague. Mies Cora Teague, George
Older. Hrnfy Penning. Frank Harder, Mr.
sod Mrs. Frank Wells and Andrew AlburtU.
The wedding of Mits Rhoda Howell. daugh
ter of Mr. and Mr*. Jr-hn Gllson Howell of
IJwipht way. and Fletcher An,«, son of th
ill* J. P. Amct and Mrs Ames of Adeline
street will take place at the home of the
brifle-elect, on Saturday. March 5. Miss How
ell has *elecud for her attendants Mls» Elsa.
>m>f, Ml** Charlotte Hail. Miss Eflle Wade.
UiM Katherine Fartori and Miss Eugenia
Mouter. Tb* ceremony will be performed by
the Rev. y. L. Hostner of the Firs* Unitarian
Church.
- The w«-<J<!inr of Miss Mae F. Gordon of
Philadelphia and Harold Cummingf of Berke
ley will take place as soon as the bride-elect
arrive* from the Eaft. Fhe is en route and
will be here in a few days. Miss Gordon is a
young «wy-iety favorite in Philadelphia and
nvft Mr. Cummin?** while he was atending the
l>rexel Institute lr. Philadelphia. He is a
graduate of the University of California, be
ing a r:i<n:!^r of the cUbs of 1MC2. and also of
the l>r*x*l Institute and the Baltimore School
of Forestry. He is now in the employ of tm
Southern Pacific Company;
ALAMEDA. Feb. 14.— Probably the largest
whist tonrner in the history of the popular
C-SU4 fume la Alameda County was held In the
City Hall last night. Jy>ur hundred and twen
ty-four players participated. One hundred
and thirteen prir*» were awarded. Mrs. Louis
H'Jirln wen th* fim prize for ladiea and C. F.
Ha.ll ramured the first prize for gentlemen.
The tourney was hHd under the management
at Thompson Hcs» Company. Volunteer Kire
tu<=n. «■■■ HlsMBBSsssIbtssMHaHssMBf
SKAMA.V RKPORTS DISASTER
AXI) LOSS OF FIVE MEN'
Schooner I« llamnird in Darkness by
Steamer and Is Thouslit to
Have Sunk.
NEW; LONDON', Conn., Feb. 14. —
George Wright, a teaman, who waa
picked up by a schooner that arrived
at this port to-day, reports that the
schooner Dorchester, from Pigeon
Cove. Maw., bound for Philadelphia,
was rammed Saturday night by an un
known steamer off Montauk Point.
Wright believes that he is the only
survivor. The others on board were
Captain Evang, Mate Lewi«. a cook
and two seamen. It was snowing hard
when the accident occurred and ac
cording to Wright it was impossible
to see objects 200 feet away. Wright
grasped a twelve-foot sharpie and
Jloated In a., boat all night.
TWO KILLED AND MAXV
HURT IX TROLLEY WRECK
Runaway Car Crashes Into a Tele
cranh Pole With Tracic
Results.
CUMBERLAND. Md., Feb. 14.—
Two persons were killed and about
Feventy-flve injured, twenty-five of
whom were seriously hurt.tin a trolley
car accident at Frostburg to-day. The
car ran away on a steep gTade, Jump
ed the track and crashed into a tele
graph pole. The car was mashed to
splinters , and scarcely one. of the
eighty passengers escaped injury of
tome ■orC <
FIRE ORDINANCE
FOR THEATERS
New Measure Which Embodies
Many Stringent Provisions
Is Heady for the Council
HOSEMEN TO BE OX HAND
Two Trained flame Fighters
Will .Attend Every Per
formance of All Playhouses
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- HIS Broadway, Feb. 14.
• The new theater ordinance, which
has been under course of preparation
for some time by Fire Chief Ball and
City Engineer McElroy, is complete
and will be presented to the City
Council to-morrow night. ,
The proposed measure makes it in
cumbent on owners, managers and
lessees of theaters, opera-houses 'or
places where public entertainments
are given, to abide by a number of
new and stringent provisions. In- the
first place a lire wall, to-be composed
of either t brick or steel, must.be con
structed so as to separate the proscen
ium from the auditorium. This wall,
in conjunction with the fireproof cur
tain, will cut the stage oft" completely
from the auditorium in case of lire.
On the stage the paint shops and, the
repair shops where combustile ma
terial is kept must be separated from
the rest of the theater by firewalls.
At each performance in the theater
two firemen belonging to the city de
partment must be on hand to uf*e the
fire apparatus in event of fire. In the
matter of broad exits, electrical wiring
and the maintenance of adequate fire
appartaus the new ordinance is very,
stringent. Before the City Treasurer
is allowed to issue a permit to any
theater to run the applicant for a li
cense must show a certificate of ap
proval to be made out by the Fire
Warden, whose duty it will be to make
inspections at stated intervals of not
less than every two weeks.
Another ordinance will be intro
duced also, making it a misdemeanor
for any person or firm to maintain a
smokestack in the residence districts
which shall be less than ten feet
higher than the tallest house in a
radius of 100 feet.-
HOODOO CLINGS
TO MACADAMS
Young Sailor Is Picked Up
for a Second
Time in Twenty-Four Hours
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 14.
Douglas MacAdams, the 18-year-old
sailor, who "tells a remarkable tale of
adventure* in the Far East— of being
shipwrecked and. of being taken for a
Russian epy and all but shot in a Jap
anese prison, was picked up in an un
conscious state for the second time in
twenty-four hours in Alameda this
morning. When he left the Receiving
Hospital in Oakland last night he said
that he was going in search of Captain
Richards," who commands a sailing ves
sel^ He evidently did nc-t reach his des
tination, but fell on the streets. He
was taken to the Alameda Sanitorium,
where he regained consciousness.
The reason assigned for his unusual
malady is that when he was taken for
a spy by the Japanese he was stoned
and had the top of his head Virtually
caved in. A bungling operation left him
with .two holes in his head, considerably
larger than hen's eggs. A thin cover
ing of Ecalp is all that protects his
brain from harm. When he lies down
his brain protrudes through these aper
tures. Medical men believe that in
time the skull may grow together
again, as he is very young.
Young MacAdams, whose home is In
Ballard. Washington, has vouchers for
the story he tells in the way of pass
ports and credentials from the United
States authorities who assisted him to
return to America. This is the story
the young man told on recovering con
sciousness In the sanitarium:
Two years ago I shipped on the Xova Bcotia
sealer Wyneric. We cruised about In northern
waters for a few months and finally drifted
near ih» coast of Siberia. We were wrecked
near a place known as Osohoff. Every one on
board, except Mrf. Thomas, the captain's
wife, a sailor and myself, were drowned. From
Osohoff I worked my way . to Vladivostok.
From there I went to Japan and entered the
revenue service. I had the rank of a second
lieutenant and drew about $2O a * month. ." I
worked in the revenue service for seven
months. I then wanted, to start for America
and attempted to walk overland throurh Ja
pan. When I arrived at Hakata, where a fort
was In the process of erection, I waa taken' for
a Russian soy. I had the Ru«KJah passports
on roe that I had gotten at Vladivostok. There
was no one there who could talk English and
I bad to depend on the email amount of Ja
panese that I had picked : up to defend myself.
I attempted to communicate with the American
Consul at Kobe and the American Embarsador
at Toklo. They would not let me do either.' I
was stntenced to be shot. The Judge of the
court-martial sat on a stool like a tailor when
he pronounced the (sentence. He said that h«
was t<ot froing to take any chances of Russia
getting any information. The day before I
wu to be shot a Japanese who had been in
America called to pee me. I explained, to him
my troubles. He got me In communication
with Erob&Esador Grissom. who secured my
release and passage en the Logan for America,
which arrived ye*terday.
When I was arrested as a spy the populace
stoned me, breaking my sfcull open. Since
then I have been subject to these epileptic at
tacks.
The youthful adventurer says he was
robbed of $90 last night He was then
on his way home to his parents in
Washington. He went to see Captain
Richards, in Alameda, to get funds. In
quiries show that the captain is now at
sea.
ACCUSED OF .MURDERING
HER ADOPTED DAUGHTER
Delaware Woman Attends Funeral : of
the Victim and Is Then
ArrestedA :
DOVER. Del., Feb. 14. — Mrs. Mary
Anna Powell, wife of Alfred L. Powell,
was arrested, charged with the mur
der of Estella Allaband, her 21 year- r
old adopted daughter, whose terribly
mutilated body was found • last Tues
day in the attic of the Powell farm
house, near Magnolia, ten miles from
here.
Mrs. Powell was taken into custody
after the funeral of the - girl, which
she attended this afternoon. She did
not seem surprised.
The detectives . say they have se
cured a statement from Edgar CoopeK
the 5-year-old adopted son of the
Powells, that Estella .had been struck
by Mrs. Powell with a piece of wood
while she was washing.' .
THE SAN; FRANGISCO GALL, MONDAY; FEBRUARY 15, 1904,
DISTINGUISHED BOTANIST
PLANS FOR EXPERIMENTS
Professor Hugo de Vries of Amsterdam, Holland, Forwards
Flowers to University With Which He Will Demon
strate Theory That All Life Is Undergoing Evolution
BERKELEY, Feb^J4.^Intfantlclpa>
tlon of his coming to demonstrate his
theories the origin of the
species at the next summer session of
the University of California, Professor
Hugo de Vries of the University of
Amsterdam, Holland, has sent to Pro
fessor W. J. V. Osterhout of the botany
department of the university varieties
of. the evening primrose with which he
will carry on his experiments. These
seeds will be, planted immediately so
that they will be In bloom by the time
the great botanist arrives in California
In June.
By means of the evening primrose
Professor de Vries has provided sup-:
plementary proofs of Darwin's theory
of evolution. The opponents, of that
theory have repeatedly declared their
dissatisfaction with .it on the ground
that it does not reveal that all life is
undergoing a process of evolution — that
Is, so that It can be seen. So In order
to establish the fact that evolution is
going on and may be -recognized. Pro
fessor de Vries experimented with the
primrose and obtained such results as
even to convince the skeptics; of his sue-'
cess. KPV
Professor de Vries hit upon, the prim
rose as the subject for his demonstra
tions purely by accident. He tried a
great number of plants before finally
discovering that the primrose was In a
condition of mutation— that is, in that
state of its life where it is evolving new
species. This condition in plant' life is
one of the Inexplicable things in nature,
something too puzzling for /the scien
tists even to guess at. In the primrose
the mutation is shown in a number of
ways— in the increasing number of the
seeds, the changes in the leaves and
flowers. Of course, these changes might
have been attained by artificial means.
WATER COMPANY
WANTS A RAISE
Contra Costa Corporation Is
to Ask Trustees of Alameda
to Increase Hydrant Rates
ALAMEDA, Feb. 14.— Notice has been
given the City Trustees by the manage
ment of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany that the corporation will ask
for* an increase this year from
the municipality in the rentals
of fire hydrants. At present the com
pany is receiving from the city. Jl
a month for each hydrant in use.
David Morris, the local manager for
the water corporation, has notified the
City Trustees that when the ordinance
determining the "rates for the ensuing
twelve months is . introduced at the
meeting of the. municipal legislators to
morrow night, arguments will be . pre
sented by a representative of the Con
tra Costa Company why Alameda
should pay more for Its fire hydrants.
Of the three cities' on the east side of
the bay, Oakland, Berkeley and Ala-,
meda, this municipality, pays the lowest
rental for ~ fire hydrants; In Oakland
the rental is $5 a month and in Berkeley
SI 50 a month.
Last year the Contra Costa Company
demanded a raise in the local -water
rates, but the; City Trustees refused ; to
allow it. At present the rate to . pri
vate ■ consumers: is 30 cents a. thousand
gallons, with . a minimum ■ monthly : bill
of Jl. It is incumbent upon the City
Trustees to fix . the rate before the ex-,
piration of this month, andas. the or
dinance will* only be Introduced, to
morrow night, an adjourned meeting
will have to be held to permit of com
pliance with the law. 0
Will Celebrate Twentieth Anniversary.
OAKLAND, 'Feb. 14.— The twentieth
anniversary of the organization of
Liberty Company No. 4;. Uniform Rank
Knights of Pythias.' wfll , be celebrated
Monday evening, February 22. The
committee in . charge of the celebra
tion has arranged to give a grand full
dress ball at Maple - Hall. and. as a
large number, of . tickets have; already
been sold it Is certain that the affair
will be ■ well • attended.
Old Resident of Xlles Dead.
NILES. Feb. 14.— Edward Clark, who
has resided at Niles for more than
twenty years, djed suddenly at, his
home last Thursday, from -a stroke of
apoplexy. Deceased was a native of
England and • 79 years of age. He
leaves a' wife and several sons, two of
whom are attorneys in Oakland.
PROFESSOR; HUGO DE VRIES
WILL DEMONSTRATE EVO
LUTION THEORY.
but Professor de Vries reproduced his
primroses without these means. : It is
well known in botany that the seeds of
plants influenced artificially do not
grow true to that seed," though they do
In any new, species. A new species will
reproduce a new species.
When Professor de Vries comes here
next summer he will meet a'Californian
as : learned as himself. In the secrets of
plant life— Luther Burbank of Santa
Rosa. Professor de Vries represents
the theoretical aspect of that which
Mr.. Burbank has accomplished prac
tically in his experimental gardens.
These men have been carrying on a
correspondence for several years and
each is looking forward with great
pleasure to this meeting.
BOND REPORT
IS COMPLETED
Committee Will Submit Its
Recommendations to City
Council To-Morrow Night 1
Oakland ' Office San Francisco ; Call;
111S Broadway,, Feb. 14.
The report of the special bond com
mrttee will be submitted to the City
Council to-morrow night. As nearly
as can be estimated, the amount of
bonds asked i for will be approximately
52,500.000. Of this amount approxi
mately. $1,000,000 will be devoted to" the
purchase of school sites and the-erec
tion of school buildings. The re
mainder of the proposed bond issue
is apportioned with a , view to erecting
a new City Hall, improving the boule
vard around . Lake . Merrltt and pur;
chasing various parks to be used as
children's playgrounds.
The sum of $225,000 is designed 'for
the purchase of the property, on which
the Hotel Touraine is located, to be
used .in conjunction with the site of
the present City Hall for the ; erection
of a new municipal building. The new
City Hall itself will cost, according to'
the report, $375,000. This makes a
total , of $600,000 which will be devoted
to erecting the hall.
Among the- other recommendations
of the report ■ are ■', those . for the pur
chase of i the "willows" on Lake Mer
rltt at a cost of $120,000 for a park; for
a boulevard between Twentieth ' and
Twenty-fourth streets, $50,000; dredg
ing Lake Merrltt, $75,000; * improvement
of, the park property between Eighth
and Twelfth streets, $100,000; extending
boulevard from Lake i Merrltt up to
Perry street. $75,000; park : in ; Piedmont
vicinity, $300,000; improving Independ
ence square, $20,000.
Before the report is \ incorporated in
a call', for '-a bondsissue a few. changes
will:no : doubt be made, but' if is the
unanimous opinion ' of . the ; members, of
the -Council that the numerous sugges
tions .that' are bound to: • me from the
public cannot be. entertained,, but that
the report , of the bond committee ■ must
be adopted substantially as it is. made.
If anything is to be accomplished..
Boy. Accidentally Shot.
Charles Sheridan, a 12-year-eId boy
residing on Twenty-second street, had
the thumb of • his left finger blown off
yesterday afternoon while hunting near
Millbrae. -, The lad was trying to clean
the -barrel : of the gun and the " weapon
accidentally went off. , He was treated
at the Emergency Hospftal.
Russia suffers from forest fires. It
is not .unusual for, fire to destroy 250.000
«.cres of forest a year.
AGRICULTURAL
MEN DISAGREE
Secretary James Wilson arid
Professor. E: W. Hilgard Dis
pute Over Vital Question
MAKE COUNTER' CHARGES
Soil Analyses and the Work
of Colleges •Precipitate Con
troversy in the Newspapers
Berkeley, Office San Francisco Call,
.'2148 Center Street, Feb. 14.
James Wilson, Secretary of the De
partment of Agriculture ■ at Washing
ton, "says the. agricultural colleges of
the ;United; States 'do not;turn"out men
useful to agricultural science, and
that nothing had been known about
the chemical : analysis of the soils until
he went to "Washington. Professor, E.
-W., Hilgard, dean of 'the Agricultural
College ; at the" University of California
and director of the agricultural experi
ment station,' asks. How does Secretary
.Wilson ■; know .all these things t when -he
does not .pretend' to be a scientific ex
pert or;know anything, about' the'his
tory of agriculture?-
This between two men
to whom the farmers of the country
look i for' a 'good; deal was precipitated
by ; some " broad statements that ; Secre
tary Wilson made", before .a Congres
sional ; investigating . committee" , last
month in Washington.. But-the fire of
dispute had :been smoldering r long be
rore' that, and ; It needed .only one' thing
to. bring matters to the' point where the
discontented began" to .wrangle. It
seems that Secretary AVilson had in
vited criticism; by. commenting adverse
ly, on the. work of the-agricultural-sta
tions whenever, he made a public ad
dress—comments that were not. likely
to please the' men in'charge of them.
HILGARD MAKES REPLY.
In one of these addresses at Rochester
Secretary. Wilson is ' credited with say-
Ing: ; "When r I went to Washington I
found that we had no knowledge of
soils,' and I went to work and organized
a , bureau of soils, and' I have over 200
scientists engaged in this work."
To this. manifest dig at. the agricul
tural colleges Professor Hilgard replied
through the medium of Science that
Secretary Wilson "does not pretend to
by a scientific expert, and we must pre
sume that, his ideas oh scientific work
are mainly the result of his environ
ment. It therefore becomes an interest
ing question .whence has come to him
the Information that the agricultural
colleges have'done nothing in the direc
tion of collecting soil data. He has ex
pressed similar sentiments elsewhere,
and has been especially critical of the
colleges because, as alleged, they fail
to train students: in such a way as to
make them useful to agriculture."
Professor Hilgard then, goes on to
show that there is considerable data
on soils at .Washington that Secretary
-Wilson evidently knew nothing about.
For instance, the reports of. more than
200 soil analyses from Kentucky > and
Ohio t: were filed in ; : Washington,.; fifty
years ago.. Professor Hilgard himself
furnished data on the soils of Missis
sippi, nearly that long ago. In 1892 the
department published a. paper by him,
describing 779 varieties of soils. He
ventures' to say that there . are 1500
analyses in Washington at this mo
ment. Vfpl
.Now, after all these years of scien
tific investigation and volumes of
proof;. Secretary Wilson insists that
there is no such thinr as an agricul
tural 1 chemist in existence. This ground
he took . before the recent Congres
sional committee, .where the Is reported
CALIiS IT NEW SCIENCE.
.-. "We've hardly an agricultural chem
ist In the world. It is a new science.
The scientists "of the past have never
proved anything, at all."
Even Professor ' Hilgard is ignored
and the dialogue in th- committee,
when Secretary Wilson was testifying,
indicates the estimation In which he is
held 'by the* non-scientific .Secretary.
.They even pot his name "Hilder" ' in
stead of Hilgard. .
"There. was nn article in the papers
by a man named Hilder of- California,
who attacks your methods of investi
gation," said Congressman Graff.
. "Yes," replied. Secretary Wilson,
"he's a fine old-fashioned chemist."
The recent controversy .over soils
that was precipitated by the- sweeping
statements of Milton Whitney, chief
of^the Bureau of Soils of the Depart
ment of/Agriculture, figured somewhat
In the investigation. Whitney was
bold enough to. say In. a bulletin that
soils contain an unlimited supply of
plant- foods and that fertilization is of
no .' lasting ;beneflt.
Agriculturists all over the. country
disagreed with Whitney and among
them was Professor Hilgard, to ■ whose
article Congressman . Graff referred.
Secretary Wilson admitted that Whit
ney ■ might be wrong, but defended him
on the ground that he is -a valuable
man to the department. ;
'.'Whitney is going so, many ways
that are valuable," said the Secretary,
"that we can afford to have them go
wrong.once in a' while."
Altogether the • controvert-- is at
tracting.wide attention and no man
may' tell. how it will end. Agricultur
ists everywhere are taking. a hand in
it and the editors of periodicals dip In,"
too.
UNIVERSITY EVE NTS
BERKELEY, Feb. . 14.— Owing to the
threatening weather' the concert by 1 the uni
versity'orchestra scheduled- for this afternoon
In the Greek theater, wan postponed.;
The YounK .Women's Christian Association
will hold ;a missionary rally and - banquet
Tuesday ' afternoon from 4:13. to 8 o'clock In
Stiles Hall. '"The Worldwide Missionary
Movement", will be discussed, at 4:15 o'clock,
the banquet will be held at 5:15 o'clock and
an'asisombly at' 7 o'clock.' The asiembly will
b« addressed by the Rev. Dwlght; L.~Fotter."
The Rev.E.R. mile, of th* First Methodist
Church of Oakland will address - the Young;
Men's ' Christian . Association Tuesday , evening
at 7:15 o'clock In Stiles Hall on "The Manli
ness of Christ."
The'. Senate will discuss the question, "Re
solved, That the United States should have
recognl*ed' the • Independence ;of Panama," at
Its ' meetlnc "Tuesday - evenlne in Stllex - Hall.
The? affirmative 'Will be presented by "Walker.
.'OS. and Htout, 'Oo, and thn negative by Illch
ard?on, '05. and Enc^i; *O7. -
- ."Resolved. That Russian control of Man
churia Is for the benefit of "civilization,"
In th« question .for discussion before
the -Students' Contress Tuesday evening
In. North. Hall.' Gillison, '05. Stanley, '06, and
Griffiths, '0(5, wlir present the affirmative, and
Manner. '06, . Andrews, , '06, and Wy the, ■ '07,
themecatlve.'.;
MLss Anita Whitney Will Speak.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— Miss C. Anita
•Whitney,", superintendent of the As
sociated * Charities, will address the
members of the Women's . Civic - Im
provement Club at the next . meeting
of the organization, which will be held
to-morrow afternoon .. at 3:30.' Ad
dresses will also be delivered by Ezra
rW.Decoto. probation officer, and C. E.
Mlrwin," ; ; truant : officer.
NEW MINISTER
IS INSTALLED
Rev. Oscar II. Graver Assumes
Charge of First English Luth
eran Church of Oakland
RECITxVL BY H. J. STEWART
Compositions of Eminent Or
ganist Are Rendered at the
First Congregational Church
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 14.
The Rev: Oscar H. Gruver. who suc
ceeds,the Rev. William Kelly as pastor
of the First English Lutheran' Churen.
was installed this' evening, the charge
being delivered by the Hev. E. Ne
lander, pastor of the First English
Lutheran Church of San Francisco.
The installation services were conduct
ed by the Rev. H. Gehrcke, pastor of
St. Matthew's Evangelical Lutheran
Church of San Francisco and president
of .the Lutheran Synod of California.
This * new pastor was formerly pastor
of. the First "Lutheran Church of San
Francisco. Special music was rendered
by the 'church choir at the installa
tion.
Dr. H. J. Stewart, the well-known
oiganist and composer of San Fran
cibco, gave an, -organ recital at the
First Congregational Church this even
ing after the> regular services and
among his selection was a transcription
of some of the music from Wagner's
"Parsifal." A solo quartet and a choir
of sixty voices, under the direction o"
Alexander Stewart, sang several of Dr.
Stewart's compositions. Among them
were: "I Behold, and Lo!" (chorus and
quartet); "Ave Maria" (female chorus),
and. "My Soul i Thirsteth for God" (so
prano solo.) Dr. Stewart rendered the
following selections on the organ:
(Liszt); "Legend— St.
Francis Preaches to the Birds" (Liszt);
fantasia. "Rhlnegold" (Wagner.)
"Trials and Triumphs of Missionary
Life" was the therne of a lecture de
livered this evening at- the First Metho
dist Church by the Rev. Egerton -R.
Young of Canada. "The Apostle of the
North," Mr. Young is sometimes
called, has had charge of the mission
ary work*among the Indians of Canada
for the last twenty-five years and is
well known as an author and lecturer.
On next Friday evening he will lecture
on '"By Canoe and Dog Train." which
will be a narrative of adventures
among the natives of the Far North.
During the season of Lent the Epls
ccpal parishes of Oakland, Berkeley
and Alameda will Join in a united ser
vice each Wednesday evening. The
following appointments have been made
by the different rectors: St. Paul's—
February 17, Rev. Edgar F. Gee; Ad
vent—February 24, Rev. O. St. John
Scott; Christ Church— March 2, Rev.
Clifton Macon; Trinity— March 9, Rev.
William Carson Shav/; St. Mark's—
March 16, Rev. C. T. Walkley; ;St- An
drew's—March 23. Rev. W. N. .Guthrle;
St. John's— March 30, , Rev. Edward L.
Parsons. .
The Ri^ht Rev. William Ford
Nichols, Bishop of the diocese, preached
the morning sermon. at the celebration
of the holy eucharlst, held to-day at
St.. Andrew's Church. The evening ser
vice was conducted by the Rev. C. T.
Wallcley, rector of St. Pajul's Church.
The Rev. E. E. Baker conducted both
tho morning and eveninsr services at
the First Presbyterian Church. The
subject of "the mornins sermon was
"Why Men Do Not Go to Church" and
in the evenlni? Mr. Baker preached on
"Abraham Lincoln."
M'KOWEN GOES
TO SAN QUENTIN
Defaulting; Secretary of the
Board of Regents Not Com
pelled to Wear Handcuffs
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Feb. 14.
The doors of the penitentiary at
Saii Quentin closed this morning on
W. A. McKowen, the late . secretary
of the Board of Regents of the Uni
versity of Cqjlfornia, who confessed
to having- embezzled more than $50,000
of that institution's funds. Under
Sheriff Hanifin escorted him to the
prison. At the request of the default
ing secretary, he was not handcuffed.
Contrary to what McKowen's
friends had hoped for, the genteel con
vict will not be given a clerical posl
tion^to while away the four years and
nine months he. will have to stay there
in actual time. - Warden Tompkins re
cently, made an order that no .new
convict would be allowed to fill a cler
ical position until he had first shown
himself deserving of that favor by
working In the jute mills. No doubt
in time McKowen will be given a more
congenial employment.
After the sentence had been passed
on the former secretary, on Frlday
last by Judge Hall, the prisoner ex
pressed some surprise at its mildness.
He said to one of the jailers that he
had expected receiving not less than
eight years. His sentence was only
six years and, eleven months.
Disabled Car Stops Traffic.
The Post and Leavenworth sireet
electric car line was tied up for more
than three hours last nif?ht. A small
bolt got stuck In the front axle of car
number 715, and before the necessary
repairs . were made three . hours had
elapted.
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
* Mail This Order to Tie Sin rnmclsco Call Witt 78a.
■ -----
■ i nc ban Francisco Call, ■ #
. San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which tend me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c b
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEF
STATE -" -
BRANCH OFFICES
■OF THE CALL 13
ALAMEDA COUNT!
OAKLAXD.
J1J8 Brondway.
P'r-Iephone Main 1085.
BERKEIiET.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North "7.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 301
FINE PROPERTY
ON THE MARKET
Three Thousand Acres of the
Dougherty Ranch Near Pleas
anton Are Offered for Sale
REALTY SALES ARE BRISK
Heirs of Late John W. Mackay
Transfer Block on Eighth
Street to James L. Flood
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 14.
Three thousand acres of the big
Dougherty ranch, which la located
about three miles from Pleasanton on
the proposed line of the Western Pa
cific Railroad, have Just been placed
on the market by a San Francisco
real estate firm, and the tract will be
cut up in lots to suit the purchaser.
This ranch la the largest tract in Ala
meda County and has never been di
vided before.
Conditions In the local realty market
show little advance so far over the
first of the year, but this is partly ac
counted for by the unusually heavy
business done In real estate during the
holidays. There was almost no holi
day depression and the market has
been given little chance to show any
change. All the larger firms report
business good for this season and all
are confident that the present year will
be better than last.
H. B. Belden of the Belden Company
has recently returned to this city after
a long absence and he expresses him
self a3 very well satisfied with the
present condition of the market. Mr.
Belden said:
As I have just returned to Oakland I am
not prepared to speak authoritatively upon tho
conditions ot the market Just yet: in fact I
have hardly got Into the swing of business,
but so far as I know everything points to a
flr»t-c!as» year. Busine«» Is good for so early
In the spring and I see no reason why it
should not continue so.
One of the most important trans
actions in local real estate during the
present month was the transfer, by
the heirs of the late John W. Mackay,
of half of the fine residence block on
Eighth street, between Grove and
Castro, to James L. Flood. The con
sideration named in the deed is merely
nominal; but, as nearly the entire
block is taken up .with handsome resi
dences,-the'property is valued at sev
eral hundred thousand dollars. The
conveyance was signed by Mary Louise
Mackay. Clarence H. Mackay and
Catherine Mackay. The deed states
that the signers have transferred to
James L. Flood all the property
own"d by them in Alameda County.
Conditions in the Berkeley real
estate market are about the same a*
in this city. Mr. Swain of the firm of
Moran & Swain, said:
We have n*ver before had so great demands
for property of all descriptions In Berkeley.
Our greatest difficulty lie* in getting property
for sale. Modern homes, large and small, are
In great demand. Vacant property has risen
In value about 25 per cent during the past
year and the upward tendency la very strong.
Efforts to exchange outside pro|>erty for
Berkeley property are numerous, but unavail
ing to the outsider. It certainly seems that
Berkeley's superiority as a dwelling place has
been established beyond question and people
from the Interior as well as from the metrop
olis and the East are endeavoring to locate
here. Some of our clients in Berkeley who
are forced by circumstances to sell art get
ting top price* for their property, but the
prospects for the future Indicate that the buy
ers are making prorttaMe Investments.
Labor Union Notes.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14.— The Federated
Trades Council has passed out of ex
istence with the organization of tho
Miscellaneous • Trades Council of the
the unions formerly affiliated with the
old central body are now represented
in the new council. The officers of the
Federated Trades Council have been
installed as temporary officers of the
new organization. They are: Presi
dent, J. P. Reboli. and secretary, C. W.
Petry-
The differences between the Master
Painters' Association and the District
Council of Painters relating to the
Saturday half-holiday have been
amicably arranged. It being . agreed
that the expense shall be borne by the
Journeymen, who will lose half a day's
work by the new schedule. If it Is
found necessary to have the men work
after the noon hour on Saturday it is
agreed that they shall be paid at the
rate of time and a half for the after
noon. The Retail Clerks* Union
cleared nearly $300 from their benefit
at the Novelty Theater.
SENATOR CliARK'S 3ONES
ARE NOW INCORroRATED
Valuable Properties In Montana Are
Consolidated to Simplify Work [
of Operation.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 14.— The Origi
nal Consolidated Mining Company has
been incorporated under the laws of
the State of Washington by Senator
W. A. Clark, C. W. Clark. W. A. Clark
Jr.. A. H. Wethey. A. J. Johnston and
W. M. Bickford with a capital of Jl».«
000,000. The company is to work ths
Original. East and West Stewart and
probably other mines operated by
Senator Clark. The object of Incor
porating is said to be to simplify op-r
ation of the property.DUTY AND OPPORTUNITY OF THIS CITY ARE DEFINED.
SECRETARY M'MAHILL WRITES OF NEEDS OF SAN JOSE
GENERAL C. A. WOODRUFF
DISCERNS PROMISING FIELD
Time Arrives for Taking
... WK.
Commerce.
SomeMatenalBetterments
By BRIGADIER GENERAL C.' At
WOODRUFF.
Now, when the minds of over eight
hundred millions of people are
centered upon the Orient and the im
portant happenings occurring or ex
pected there, seems a proper moment
to invite tho attention of your readers
to th«» Importance to San Francisco and
the Pacific Coast in general of estab
lishing close business relations with
China and adjacent territory.
We are in the Orient and are there
to stay; we could not leave with honor
if we would and I think the majority
of our people would not if we could.
As the future of San Francisco, if it
is to become one of the world's great
commercial cities, depends largely upon
securing Its share of the trade of the
Orient, now. at the opening of a new
era in China, is the time to secure this
trade.
The construction of the four thou
sand miles of practically assured rail
roads in China and many others that
ar« projected will cause vast expendi
tures of money for labor, food and ma
terials and from this will naturally fol
low the development of new industries.
Higher wages and a higher standard
of living will prevail, all resulting in
increased expenditures in other walks
of life.
Great Britain, Germany, France and
Japan are exerting themselves to the
uttermost to secure this trade. We
are. individually or collectively, doing
almost nothing to bring It to our doors.
Th«* conservatism of the Chinese has
a tendency to keep them in the business
ruts onc«? entered into; therefore, now,
at the commencement of this new era
and before the canal is constructed, is
the time to create ruts that lead to the
Pacific Coast: now is the time for or
ganized, combined, intelligent, well?
directed efforts to achieve constantly
increasing results which, once estab
lished, will endure for generations. Cul
tivated, as is this inviting field, by rep
resentatives of other nations, we can
nct expect to reap the share of these
benefits that by risht of location, polit
ical conditions and natural advantages
belong to us unless we exert ourselves
to secure them.
GREAT GROWING MARKET.
In forty years Japan's annual imports
have increased from SI per capita to $7;
to-day China's annual imports ar«
about 46 cents per capita. An increase
in China of one-half that which fol
lowed Japan's awakening would mean
imports amounting to $1,400,000.
000 per annum. To enable San
Francisco to secure her full share
of this immense trade, intelli
gent, active work on the part of tho=»e
interested and hearty co-operation be
tween producers, manufacturers, mer
chants and transportation companies
will be necessary. This is not the time
for "the sllurian," "the fossil" or "the
knocker."
We have long looked upon the set
ting sun closing 'our Golden Gate; we
should, in a business way, represent it
as a rising sun opening that gate to a
commerce that should reach to the
farthest boundaries of China and even
to India and Siberia, which would en
able us to dispose of, in what should
become the world's greatest market,
our constantly increasing surplus pro
duce and manufactures.
Great Britain, Germany and France
send out commissions at great expense,
psrt of which is borne by the Govern
ments and part by the commercial
bodies, to report upon the conditions
• and needs of these people, to find out
what they want and how best to meet
those wants. We have been contented
to "hold the sack." hoping the lighted
candle may induce some bewildered
li:rds to ♦■nt^-r. PKPi
Our principal exports to the Orient
have been flour, kerosene, cloths and
timber and that trade has come to us
because a few individuals have invaded
this field and pushed their goods, at
grreat expense, in the face of opposition
from our national competitors. To-day
we send to China goods amounting tJ
about $15,000,000 per annum, or 8 per cent
of her total imports, and receive from
China about $26,000,000, or 10 per cent
of her total exports. Take our great
vine industry for example. We supply
less than C per cent of the wine that
enters China.
WORDS OF OBSERVERS.
To show that I am not an alarmist
and that other observers agree with
me. let me auote:
Mr. Grosvenor of the British legation
at Peking in a report upon trade con
ditions said: "Englishmen should
watch carefully the development of
events, remembering that the great re
wards of enterprise will be to those who
arc flcst in the field."
Consul General Goodnow said: "I
need not impress it upon you that
Americans must now push more strong
ly than ever for the trade of China. You
have seen the situation, its possibilities
and dangers. If the trade goes Into
other hands now- it is lost to us for
many years to come. .
"An exposition here will Increase
the variety of our trade, which Is now
largely in a few great staples only.
Many of our important manufactures
are unrepresented here. You cannot
buy an American hat in Shanghai. I
know of only one store where Ameri
can shoes are cold, and it has very
few for ladies. Collars, stockings, ties
and like articles of gentlemen's wear-
Ing apnarol of American make are
not found in Shanghai. House fur
niture is very costly, and n«ne comes
from America. American underwear
cannot be bought here, except the
coarsest kind. The American ma^a-
BRIGADIER GENERAL C. A. WOODRUFF. WHO GIVES PRACTICAL
ADVICE TO BENEFIT 'SAN FRANCISCO BY POINTING "OUT WHAT
MAY BE DONE TO ADD TO FOREIGN COMMERCE.
/
zines are not for sale and do not come'
here, unless ordered from home. Prac
tically all the books are of English
print and are very expensive.
"A paper-bound book which can be
bought at home for from 10 cents to
25 cents osts $1 50, Mexican; or 72
cents gvld. I asked a member of one
of ' the book firms why he r did not
brinK in some of the cheap American
books. He answered: 'We are a
British firm and prefer, to handle
British goode.' On the other hand, an
agent of an American manufacturer
said to me: '1 would as quickly put
my poods into the hands of a German,
Englishman or any other foreigner
as into the hands of an American. I
have no nationality in business.'
"The shortsightedness of this arises
from the fact that those very agents
to whom ho gave his products for
jMile have a national feeling in their
business, and always, on even terms,
push the products of their own coun
try. English prefer to do business
with English, Germans with Germans
and French with French: but Ameri
cans in this part of the world are
lacking in national business pride and
have suffered for it. No European will
sell an American manufacture unless
he can make much more money out
of it" than he could from similar goods
from his own country. If American
manufacturers expect to handle this
market as their situation entitles them
.to do, they must be represented here
by Americans. A long step toward
this would be the exposition.
"I might multiply instances of
American business which is done here
by men of other nationalities. A lead
ing American commercial body is to
day represented in China by a Ger
man — aA able, scientific man, but his
friends, ni« thoughts and his ambi
tions are all German. Our steel manu
factures are all represented here by
firms of foreign nationality, as is also
true of our steamship lines. The. bulk
of our cotton goods Is handled by
firms of other nationality. Even some
of o\ir American firms are officered by
Englishmen; and I wastold within the
week by the head - salesman of an
American firm, himself an English
man, that none but the" coarsest prints
w*re made in America— that it was
necessary to go to England for fine
prints."
TRADE FIEIiD OF CHINA.,
John Barrett, ex-United States Min
ister to Siam, speaking of trade possi
bilities in the Far Ea»t. said: "China
presents to-day not only the' most im
portant but the moet Interesting field
of trade expansion and exchange not
yet extensively exploited and appre
ciated by American manufacturers,
exporters and merchants. The entire
Far East, from Singapore and Bang
kok in the south. Yokohama arid Vlad
ivostok In the north, with Its harbor-
Indented coastline of 4000 miles and its
population of over 500,000,000, facing the
Pacific and looking to the east direct
ly opposite 'our American Pacific shore,
looking to the west afford* a mighty
commercial opportunity awaiting our
best efforts.
"However much .we may deplore the
war between Japan and Russia it is a
•condition not a theory' that confronts
us and - this letter deals with business
not sentiment. Russia will probably
be too busy to bother . herself about
trade conditions In Northern China and
Japan is not considering a commercial
Invasion of China Juat now. The con
test will of necessity increase' the pur
chase of war supplies arid'- both na
tions will look to us for what food
they cannot supply themselves and one
reason why they will do this is that
the superlative quality of the subsis
tence stores furnished the American
army in China excited the admiration
of the allied armies.
"As one writer put it, 'the advertise
ment given "American, foods , by the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. y.FEBRUARY 15, 1904;
quality furnished her troops on the
relief expedition was worth to Amer
ica all that the war cost her.'
"The political situation is ripe for a
successful .American business"' imrnsion
of Eastern Asia. We have not irritated
these people by land grabbing. All our
nation has asked for hasbeen an open
door,* a free,- unhampered fight and no
favors, and under the Tientsin treaties
this is guaranteed us, and the develop-,
ment of China's markets depends upon
our enterprise, our energy and the in
telligent application of our business
ability, in fair competition with the
other commercial nations of the world.
"The diplomatic note of our Secre
tary of State asking all nations to join
in compelling the belligerents to re
spect the integrity. of China will en
dear Americans to the Chinese-govern
ment and people.
"Our Promotion Committee has
done great work for California.
Our Chamber of IComm^ has
ever worked for the. upbuilding
of San Francisco and the Pa
cific Coast. Our Merchants' Associa
tion has been a power for good in
municipal affairs. Our Board of Trade
has ably supplemented. the. work of. the
Chamber of Commerce. The Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association has
safeguarded their interests. The Pa
cific Commercials : Museum has inaugur
ated a work of great importance to
this whole- Coast, but this Oriental
market presents a grander field for
cultivation..
FUTURE B ATTLH G ROUND.
"It is *ure:to become the great battle
ground of producing nations. Our
transportation companies are preparing
to meet all demands that can be made
upon them. Our railroads can double
their tonnage and have shown their
ability to safely and comfortably trans
port special Influxes of fifty or one
hundred thousand visitors like th<«
Grand Army of the Republic, the
Shrlners, the Epworth League and the
Knights Templar. The Australian
Pacific and Oriental Steamship com
panies are increasing their fleets in, an
ticipation of this -mighty commercial
contest.
"We claim to be, the greatest pro
ducer, but that army, great or small,
that fights with antiquated weapons;
without leaders, relying upon individual
action; Is sure to go" down to defeat
before ■ the well ordered battalions.
Therefore, our commercial bodies, bur
transportation companies, our press
and our people must stand together and
work together with a common purpose
and for the common good."
INDIANS . TO BE TRIED
ON MURDER CHARGE
Three Natives Confess to the Killing
BfofJTxvo Japnnese ami Arc
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. ; 1 4.— The
steamer Nell arrived here this morn
ing, having on board three- Indians
brought down charged with murder.
In 1902 two Japanese fishermen at
Rivers Inlet rnysteriously disappeared
and it was thought 'they had perished
in a gale. Their bodies were : never
found and the matter had been almost
forgotten until . late lastyear, when
the Ind'ans confessed the, murder, to a
Methodist missionary at Bella Bella.
The Japanese were 1 murdered during a
drunken bout, having been clubbed to
death with paddles. . The' missionary
communicated with the authorities
and after investigation the, three men
were arrested on the capital, charge.
They: will be tried at the next assizes;
FOUNDERED: SHIP PULLED
' 'OFF ROCKS BY TUGS
VICTORIA. B. C Feb. 14.— Three
big tugs pulled the steamer Tees off the
Trial Island rocks at high tide at 3
,'o' clock • this morning and took her. to
the Esquimau marine slip for.: repairs.
She is not much damaged, although she
struck the rocks at full speed.
STEFFENS
MAKES HIS
RETURNS
Requires barge Figures to
Give to Sacramento
Kern County Trade Board
Meets for Its Annual
The annual meeting, of the Sacra
mento Chamber . of .Commerce took
place last Wednesday. President Stef
fens read his annual report, from
which some valuable ideas relative ' to
the advancement of Sacramento may
be gathered. Speaking \ of' the Immi
gration work of the chamber,, Presi
dent Steffens said in par t :
The immigration efforts are showing good
results. Last year a 'koo<1 portion of th« special
Immigration fund was used : in advertising . In
a limited number of selected- journals'. of the
Ka3t and Middle West. . G
A system was adopted whereby all of the
repponses could b<?' credited to the i paper whose
advertisement had. attracted the attention "of
th«- Inquirer. BBHBPH
Inquiries; are still coming In from such ad
vertisements. This year the. papers that had
shown ' fcood\ r«nults were again contracted
with, and to which other - selection* were
added.vq4Hft^V%pMB4MP^MP1^PVnM
From ■ February .1; 100.". to the let Instant'
(one year) this' chamber /has received . 12,500
earnest letters of, Inquiry, to which literature
and, letters have been rent in response. . »
" Some of, these- Inquirers have written a sec
ond and third time, for, special Information,
showlntc that they are earnestly looking this
way. .Th^se letters are now coming to this
office dally, in increased numbers, i . People
are coming and locating, and when the seekers
for Information have had : due; time' to arrange
their affairs locally, so ■ that they can leave
their Eastern homes permanently, .we feel sure'
that satisfactory results will come of our im
migration efforts.
' It takes time, patience and persistent work
to overcome . statements that have .been made
against' our section of .the State, and to make
the true condition well known . East." *- I deem
the results. of the most encouraging character,
considering the; short period of time in which
the work has been earnestly. done. •
GREAT SHOWING FOR PRODUCTS
A great showing for the products of
the Sacramento .Valley was made by
President Steffens, who is quoted as
follows concerning this interesting
phase of development:
The deciduous fruit shipments for 1903. from
this valley, covtrinK a radius of say' fifty
miles from this city,"- were [6010 carloads. The
period. of the seaxon covered was from May 1
to December 1.
The llKUres show that 1 - the Sacrarm ntr> Val
ley section phluDCd SO per. cent of all the de
ciduous fruit sent from .- California durlns ; the
s*ason of 10M." Tliey also show that Sacra
mento shipped -153H p*r cent of all the Sacra
mento Valley products for ' that period. This
output, .at above Btated, ' has brought gocd - re
turns to the grower, and I have reason to be
lieve that the stat*ment made to me Is true
that In this particular the past «eaf>on has
been one of the best for many years. If so. It
emphasizes the Idea that a control of a proper
distribution of the fruit in- the Kastern mar
kets is the best assurance to the grower that he
Is to receive, fair.returnsfor-hls labor.-I hope
noon to aee such a well-controlled distribution
eet aside the precedents oft the past, and that It
will respond to the demands of a true spirit
of commerce by ' paying the .grower ''spot
cash" for the products ■ which represent his
hurt! labor and his anxious care..
.' In addition to the 0010 oars of fruit as above
stated thi're were also shipped from point*
north of tbe Tehaclia:il - DA. additional' cars of
deciduous fruits, 150 earn of aunles and.lSOO
cars of oranecs: of the latter, 1200 cars were
grown In Kern' and, Tulare counties and from
other parts of the San Juaquln .Vallfy: <HH)
cars • came from . Sacramento," Placer, nnd ' Hutle
counties. . Tlie ' Uutte . County product, coming
mostly from the Orovllle section, 1 seventy
miles north of us. Is the first to: reach the
Eastern market, and is consequently free from
all risk of cold enars that more or less Jeop
ardize the later and larger shipments to Kast
«rn markets from other sections of the State.
SHIPMENT STATISTICS.
Some of the ■ products shipped, from
Sacramento were enumerated by Pres
ident Steffens. Tho array was impos
ing. The following r.re some of the
statements a? reduced to figures:
Hops. . 5,400, COO pounds, that were worth' 20
cents -per -pound on the average; vegetables.
18,000,000 pounds; prunes, 2,000,000 pounds;
beans, 1,000,000 sacks;' potatoes, 1,000,000
sacks; canned goods," :i00, 000 caaes; onions,"
250,000 sacks; sweet- wines, C60,000,galIqns;
claret and -brandy, 150,000 gallons; almonds,
800 ton*; flour, i'25,000 barrels; beer, 75,000
barrels; freehflsh," 12."4 tons.
The prunes went largely to Antwerp and
Amsterdam . markets. 'Some of the ■ flour . mills
run eighteen hours per day and some ' twenty
four. It Is reported that the . dairy Interest
here pays about 20 per cent better than It does
East. ~'3MBHMMB0I
The output of- fish from th» Sacramento
niver. as shown by the forogolnc table, calls
for a more extended, notice. Of the 1254" tons
shipped. !)44 tons'. were salmon, which mostly
went : to New York and Eastern points, some
going north.' but none of. It going to San Fran
ci*co. Three hundred". and • ten tons were ■ cat
fish and were shipped % to Nevada. Utah,
Colorado, Kansas. Missouri and south to Ari
zona and New Mexico. The salmon catch
shows a marked Increase.
In addition to the shipments already,
mentioned there went forward from
Sacrarpehto last year 160" carloads of
strawberries to' Portland, • Seattle': and
to points west of the Missouri River.
Ten carloads of cherries went to New
York. Ripe olives to the ■ amount of
125,000 pounds were also shipped.'Busi
ness was good according to the testi
mony; of , the mercantile community arid
also of the bankers of Sacramento. The
building record shows an outlay '-"of
$837,000 for the year, largely for new
homes. It is well known that during
the' early part of last year contracts
were canceled and new plans / laid
aside .owing*; to, the differences, which
then arose between the Building Asso
ciation and the "Building Trades."
KERN COUNTY'S NEEDS..
At the annual meeting of the Kern
County Board of Trade the following
named officers were elected for the
year: ; President, C.*Brower;, first -vice
president, A. Weill; second vice [presi
dent,'.G. J.Plariz;, treasurer, First Na
tional Bank; ' executive committee— Gus
Schamblln.'J. A. Hughes, B. A. Hay
den, WE. Wilson,; J. M. Jameson and
S. C. Smith. Secretary 'Brundage. read
an annual report. The board,perform
ed much valuable work last year.
Speaking of the needs of Bakersfleld,
Secretary Brundage said a municipal
building was required; a park and play
ground for children w^uld make Bak
ersfield.more attractive; tree- planting
should be kept up'for the. sake ''of 'shade
and beauty; better methods of oiling
the streets and keeping; them in -per
fect condition should be used; lower
rates from the transportation compan
ies were' needed to enable Bakersfield
to/ 'secure' factories; pump irrigation
should be '-. encouraged. "Water, after
all.'* said Secretary Brundage, "/Is* king;
and with" cheap 'fuel and plentiful fuel
Kern County may Justly claim* super
iority over others."
The Nevada County Promotion' Com
mittee will; issue a booklet "to illustrate
Nevada iCtrunty resource* and' advan
tages
SUGGESTS WAYS TO BRING
IMPROVED CONDITIONS
Go -operation Affords a
Reason for Bright
Forecasts^
Prosperity Depends Upon
Wise Course of the
By'-T. ■ B. MeMAIIILI.1. Secretary San
.lose Chamber, of Commerce.
•One of San Jose's greatest ar.d most
pressing needs is additional. interurban
electric transportation lines. The coun
try about this city is growing in dens
ity of population very fast, and al
though there are now two interurban
iinesin operation and a third soon to
be built, the Berryessa section of our
valley, only distant a few miles from
the center of this city, is in need of
such* service and especially in the hea
viest fruit season, when hundreds of
workers go to and fro from this city to
the orchards and canneries of that part
c-f the valley.
The evergreen section is' in ' the same
condition. Campbell. Mountain View,
Milpitas, Agnews, Morgan Hill and
Gilroy are all sections which would
support such transportation lines well
enough to now more than pay expenses
and within the next two years pay
handsome dividends on"* tho investment.
An electric road to Mount Hamilton
arid the Lick Observatory would cer
tainly cost: far less than the line to
Mount Lowe, in Southern California,
did, ar.d the thousands of tourists who
now gc- there annually by stage would
be quadrupled could the trip* be '.made
on an electric line.
SUBUIIBAN" DISTRICTS.
Another present and fast growing
need of this city, is the taking lri of its
suburban districts, which are so close
to its very center'as to restrict the city
limits far within what they should be,
considering the possible gain in popu
lation by adding, these districts. The
'move "to accomplish this needed •im
provement has already taken [ form un
der the direction of the Chamber of
Commerce and promises to be success
fully carried out.
This . city needs to take on more In
debtedness . In the way of bond issues
to provide money for the betterment
of its streets, sidewalks, sewers, fire
system, parks and'all'such other things
as-' go to make the truly- metropolitan
arid progressive city ; of '- this day and
age. The . splendid, city reservation.
Alum Rock Park, will bear the expen
diture of many thousands of dollars
and every dollar so expended will corne
back to > the tax payers of this city, in
increased values : of property and the
building of beautiful . homes and in
crease of. population of the better char-;
acter. /
"There is no man in San Jose doing
a ny^ business worth mention; who is not
in. debt "many times in proportion to
what the city is— not " without assets
of ample and safe'eharacter, to be sure,
but not as great .by. far as could this
city offer to. its bond purchasers. The
incentives to successful
arid endeavor in these days of high
pfe8sure"iri*busiriesB"and:municlpal life
are obligations to be met which must
be met, -arid the city, progressive and
awake, is like the;business man of the
same stamp, ready to assume that the
future may bring greatness/
The'city of San Jose needs also 'to
add' to it3 present park system, for,
growingas she is; too many fresh air
outlets cannot be provided to safeguard
the health and pleasure of those who
are to' come. The excursion of our
i'300". to Los Angeles - taught many the
lesson of prc-gressiyeness and its power
iri city' building arid country building;
there these citizens were told what they
possessed : In ; their "Alum . Rock Park,"
what it could be. made and what the
"people of the southland thought of it
and 'would give In exchange for' it
could they have it near to Los Angeles.
■CLimS ARK AT WORK.
The 'various ward improvement clubs
GRAPHIC VIEW OF A PART OF THE BUSINESS SECTION OF SAN
JOSE. SHOWING THE ATTRACTIONS IN A GENERAL WAY OF A
CITY NOTEDFOR BEAUTY AND BUSTLE.
lately formed are taking up the work
of having clean streets, clean
sidewalks. new sidewalks where
none now exist, repaired sidewalks,
clean vacant lots, more street tree,s, the
removal of unsightly board fences and
of all fences on city property, the re
moval of all garbage and rubbish by
contract with the city and at 'no ex
pense except by taxation to the house
holders and property owners.
San Jose needs more industrial enter
prises; manufacturing can be carried
ori here at less cost than in almost
any other city on this coast. There are
miles on miles of splendid factory sites
near this citv, there is every advantage
of transportation by .rail and water
and the citizens here need to awaken
to the ; value of industrial enterprises
and to support them with substantial
inducements in the way of free sites
and good bonuses to the proper, parties
who have, money of their own behind
them and something of established
value to produce.
Another need of this city is for more
carefully laid, out restricted residence
tracts, like the Naeglee Park tract The
success with which this tract haa been
placed on the market and the way It
has built up within the last two years
is a lesson on what is "possible along this
line.. There "is every chance for good
investment in this direction. ; and 8an
Jose needs the men of nerve and capi
tal who will tackle this proposition.
ENFORCEMENT OF LAWS.
Along the line of "needs" comes the
want of proper enforcement of laws ex
isting and the making of new laws re
quiring all property owners to put their
places in better condition as a preser
vation from disastrous' fires, of which
this city as it now is stands in danger.
Laws must be made and ways found
to abate the nuisances of lots covered
with weeds, sidewalks. overgrown with
weeds and- covered with; rubbish from
year to year. All this is unsanitary,
unsightly, and no city can progress
with such existing conditions.
Within. herself this city is one of the
richest and most sightly in the world,
and has only the lethargy of her own
people to thank if she falls to make as
tonishing strides forward within the
next five years, when the minds of the
best people of the East are turned Call
f orniaward for homes and Investments
6 rid when every other city in the State
i fast Increasing in population and
vastly improving' in every way.
The awakening of Central and
Northern California to her own wealth
and real possibilities arid to her su
preme advantages over any other sec
tion of this State is at last taking
'place and daily, it is growing in the
minds of the best citizens that the
future Is a great one: and that growth
unprecedented 19 ours if we will but
grasp' the opportunities of to-day.
"Do it now" is becoming the motto
of every progressive citizen and this
method of doing business Is forcing
those who will not to act in spite of
themselves. Do your own duty and
the fellow next door will be forced to
do his or he will be removed and one
will take his place who will.
THE TIJ1E FOR ACTIOX.
Too long has the Northern Califor
nian put off until to-morrow that
which he should have done to-day and
the advancement of Southern Califor
nia has taken place while he waited.
Now Is the time for action, for im
provement, for casting aside old meth
ods of business and adopting new,' for
taking up the work you know you
should have accomplished last year.
Clean off your desks, get the accu
mulated correspondence and details of
years out of the way, get a clean deck
on the ship, get your guns all bur
nished up and shining, load them with
smokeless powder and when you are
called upon to defend your city, your
section, your State, you will be able
to give an account of yourself in the
battle for supremacy which will be
known worldwide and remembered
long after others have taken up the
tools of labor which you have laid
down.
Co-operate for a "Greater San Jose"
was the motto at the banquet given by
our Chamber of Commerce and Mer
chants' Association of San Jose at.
which over 400 sat down last Wednes
day "night, and the slogan' is not to be
forgotten. We have needs and vital
ones and we propose to secure what
we need. ,Be the sacrifice what it may.
let the citizens of California remember
that San Jose is in with them for a
Greater city. Greater Santa Clara Val
ley and a Greater California.
LONDON MARKET DOES
WEIiIj IX WEEK OP WAR
Secretary Hay's Effort* to Loeallz©
Operations Have an Excel
' lent Effect.
LONDON. Feb. 14.— The Stock Erv
change passed through the ordeal of
the first week of the war much better
than had been expected, and but for
the heavy pressure of sales from Paris
anfl Berlin would not have been great
ly disturbed. The majority of foreign
bonds naturally had heavy falls. Rus
sians being greatly depressed, but Sec
retary Hay's efforts to localize the war
had an excellent effect, and . It is be
lieved that a recovery In prices will
soon be established. Fewer stocks were
thrown on the market than anticipated.
Berlin operators threw a quantity of
American securities on the market and
other causes helped the depression of
these securities, but the market closed
steadier.
There. are at the present moment In
France 200.000 houses which have no
windows, because — incredible as it
may seem— there is still a Freaefc win
dow, and door tax.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
The Overworked Man.
BT rHAPTjra FREDERIC GOSS. D. D.
(Author of The Redemption of David Corson,"
Etc.)
(Coprrirfct, ISO*, by Joseph B. Bowie*)
There Is always danger of castigat
ing an innocent party when one be
comes a social critic The pupils
of one of the head masters of
Eton declared, "upon their words
of honor," that he found a row
of boys standing in his study .one
morning, and, without a moment's hes
itation, began to thrash them with his
cane. They were too terrified to re
monstrate until he had gone half way
down the line, when one of them pluck
ed up courage enough to falter out:
"Please, sir. we're not up for punish
ment; we are the confirmation class!"
Most of the men upon whom the
blows I am about to administer will
fall may prove to be "domestic mod
els," but I must strike out with 'the
hope of hitting a guilty one among the
innocent now and then.
There is a vicious circle in the rea
soning of the modern business man. "I
want to make a happy home," he says,
"and so must conduct a successful bust
nees. But in order to conduct a suc
cessful business I must give myself to
it body and eoul." But by sacrificing
himself to his business he renders him
self incapable of making a home.
And he does it in this way: The best
energies of his heart and mind are ab
sorbed to 6uch a degree in the conduct
<>f some great commercial enterprise
t hat he has nothing to contribute to do
mestic life when he comes home at
night like a squeezed orange.
The energies of men are not like those
• >f a river. The water that turns the
•\ Ivfl of a factory is just as able to
turn that of a grist mill a quarter- of a
mile farther down the stream. But the
man who has poured out the last drop
< f his strength on the wheel of his busi
r«M! Kfmply goes home empty to his
family.' -
Among the most pitiful spectacles in
this world, I put that of the haggard,
'exhausted man of affairs sitting help
letig and useless in the circle about the
fireside. If he is not so nervous and
fretful as to forbid all merriment, he Is
so used up that he cannot enjoy it. If
he realizes his condition he decorates
his face with a emlle. But it is at best
no better than a petrifaction. His
mind is not on the scene or the subject.
His thoughts are down at the shop or
tbe store. He scarcely hears the chil
dren when they speak.
Later in tbe evening his wife may
try to engage his attention upon some
problem of the domestic life. Billy has
not been behaving well at school, or
.Mary is begging to take music lessons,
or Bridget has Just "given notice." or
most likely gone 1 off without as much
as Faying good-by.
She does her best, poor woman, but
even while she is talking she knows by
the look of his'; eye that; his mind' is
wandering.
Pitiful, isn't It? What are we%going
to do about it? It's getting worle all
the time. There is so i«.uch truth in
what the man says about the exac
tions of business that we cannot -help
pitying him. To succeed (or even not
to fall) a man must keep strained up
like* a flddlestring. His competitors
are after him with a knife and toma
hawk, day and night. If they would
only, be reasonable — he could! But
they; won't! The whole pack are as
mad as March hares! There seems to
be no "middle way" to-day. A man
must; either "get rich" or "go broke,"
and that In a mighty short hurry. He
must either march at the head of the
procession or get out of the ranks en
tirely.
Nevertheless— the dilemma remains.
This man must give more time to his
home or he won't have any. What
.he has now isn't a home. It's only a
bouse. If he has to sacrifice one thing
I :£ the other he had better sacrifice the
• business to the home than the home
to the business. And if he says, "How,
can you have a home without a busi
ness?" the answer is, "A simpler home
with a less exacting business."
More love, more peace, more of the
bliss > of the fireside is what this age
needs. Not more fine clothes and bob
tailed horses and long tailed gowns.
Mush.
BT MALCOLM McDOV.'KLL.
( Author of "Shop Talk en the Wanders of tb«
CnXtm.")
(Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
And now it is a complete dinner, even
to the toothpicks and a Japanese paper
napkin, in a can— just warm, turn out
and serve: no cooking, no worry- That
is the latest effort of the prepared food
makers. They have' been heading* in
that direction for some time, and they
boast it will not be long before they
have - solved the vexed servant girt
question, at least so far as it relates to
the culinary end of the domestic estab
lishment. The trend of the times has
been in the direction of prepared foods.
One" can get at almost any , grocery
ready to eat soups, baked beans,
canned meats and almost any kind of
vegetable in hermetically sealed t ins—
.food practically unknown less than a
score of years ago. The quality of these
prepared foods Is generaly equal and
often superior to the average home pro
duct. Some are so much better , than
what can be cooked in a house kitchen
that It Is almost self-evident they only
could be, successfully made in a large
axtd.trell-ordered factory. .
Perhaps the most notable advance In
prepared food products is the so-called
"breakfast" or "health" foods. They
have made the name of Battle Creek a
household word, for In that beautiful
Michigan city the breakfast food was
born and in It most of the many brands
are made.
The flaked wheat food, of which there
are a number of varieties made by as
many concerns under- well-known
names, has become almost a breakfast
necessity 'for a large proportion of
American families. They are all made
In much the same way. Each manu
facturer, however, has, or claims to
have, some secret kind of unique pro
cess which gives his brand of a food a
decided advantage. Thus It Is extreme
ly difficult for one to gain admission to
a Battle Creek factory. One of the
most popular brands Is made in a fac
tory which Is equipped with the newest
machinery and in which the wheat
from the time it is started , on Its way
to the eater is not touched .with so
much aa a finger.
The selection of the wheat has much
to do with the final result, particularly
as regards flavor and appearance.
Only the highest grades are used.' and
the preference is • given to wheat
grown in Oreg-on and Washington, as
It is whiter and contains less starch
than wheat from other localities.
Thousands of carloads of Pacific Coast
wheat have been shipped to a single
Battle Creek factory at a cost of sev
eral cents a bushel over the price of
grain local to that, city. When the
wheat is delivered to the factory it is
carefully inspected and then scoured
by being passed between revolving
brushes, which remove all the fuzz on
the berry. The examination of a grain
of wheat ' under a ten diameter micro
scope will show a gray slate colored
fuzz resembling mold and about a
wagon load of fuzz is' removed from a
carload of wheat. The brushes thus
polish the outside of the wheat berry
until it Is perfectly clean.
Automatic conveyors next take the
wheat to the soaking and curing tanks
—enormous porcelain-lined . affairs,
holding about 200 bushels each. Spring
water is turned into the wheat-filled
tank until the grain is covered. An
expert chemist looks after this initial
process and watches the wheat for
eight to ten hours, when It : Is ready to
be cooked. Some fifty bushels of the
water-swollen wheat Is drawn from
the curing tank by compressed air.
and charged into a horizontal, polished
steel cylinder whose barrel is perforat
ed with longitudinal silts which are
narrow enough to keep the wheat from
falling through and wide enough to
afford free entrance to the live steam,
which does the cooking. This cylinder
is inclosed in another one, and be
tween the two is a steam space of
about two inches. While the wheat ; is
cooking the inner cylinder slowly re
volves, so that the grain is ever in
motion. Fifty or sixty minutes of
steaming is sufficient to thoroughly
cook the wheat and break open the
starch cells.
The grain, which is now : perfectly
cooked, must be partly cooled and'aer
ated. This double result is secured by
permitting: the \vly>at to fall some
thirty feet against an up-rushing cur
rent of filtered air. Pneumatic tubes
then convey the wheat to the top of
the building to curing tanks similar, to
those which first received the grain.
Here the era in cools to a certain tem
perature, and then by automatic ma
chinery is drawn out to be . placed . in
the mixing* tank.
A plated, polished worm screw thor
oughly mixes with the'wheat a quan
tity of the finest quality of barley malt,
equal to from 7 to S per cent of the
wheat. The screw mixes and stirs the
wheat and barley together until the
warm 'wheat berry is coated with the
malt Malt is a great aid to digestion
and is a standard corrective. The action
of the malt on the starch of the wheat
changes the starch to a diastase, . by
which oDeration the first and most try
ing process of * digestion is , performed.
That is where the "health food" propo
sition comes in.
This part of the process of . making
the breakfast . food . requires the closest
attention on the part of ; the supervising
chemist. When the wheat is properly
malted it passes to the crushing-room,
where" hundreds of polished steel rollers
are set up in long: rows, fifteen in each
row. Over the rows is a hopper, into
which the malted grain is dumped by
the, conveyor and from which it passes
down between the rolls to be crushed
into thin, ■ moist flakes. Any malt not
taken up by absorption previously is
forced by the rollers into the' flakes.
The crushed wheat falls upon an end
less sterilized canvas belt about a yard
wide, and by it is conveyed toward the
toasting: oven. . •
This is a n Immense affair, about ■ as
high as a two-story house, having 1 a
cross-section of area eight by twelve
feet. There are a round dozen of these
ovens, and each. is equipped with a se
ries of endless steel curtains, which are
kept in motion by sprocket wheels. The
ovens are heated by a coal fire, which,
of course, is entirely separated from
the oven. The flakes before being fed
Into the oven are again partly dried and
aerated and cooled. They are fed upon
the upper steel apron, which carries
them to the farther end, where they fall
upon another apron moving in the op
posite direction underneath. From this
second apron they fall upon . a third,
and bo on until they have traveled on
seventeen aprons, passing . through a
graduated temperature ranging from
250 to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Thus they
are toasted and become breakfast food.
The 'Exposition Dollar.
■ ' . . ..- •
The gold dollar that has been Issued
under ' a . special act of Congress to
commemorcte the Lou is i ana Purchase
Exposition has recently been pro
nounced by the offlcla' bulletin of the
American 'Numismatic Association,
"the finest example of die engraving
and metal stamping— a gem of numis
matic excellence." - This, coin is of two
types : ' One bears the head of Thomas*
Jefferson, the government father of the
Louisiana Purchase; the other, what is
said to be the best portrait of the late
William McKlnley, the government
father of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position. . The issue is limited to 125,
000 of each type and the demand prom
ises to exhaust the entire coinage. .
She — He can't bear to have g^rls
get ahead of him. ; He^Jrhen why
doesn't he stop running after : them 7
-—Harvard. Lampoon.- . . .,...«
THE? SAN FRANCISCO GALi; MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL,
JOM D. SHQECKELS, Piroprictor . .i \i. /-■.;; > . . Address All Commtmlcatfonsto JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ........... <J^^^^> .Third and Market Street*. S. P.
MONDAY..... ;..... f .^.....V.... ::.... :.....:....;................ ....;...v........;.y..FEBRUARY is. I9<H
TRADE IN GOOD CONDITION.
TRADE conditions were more settled last week.
While the great staples were still ; active and sit
times excited there was less fever than during the
preceding week. The great fire at Baltimore and : the
outbreak of the Oriental war were . sufficient to derange"
business, but they hardly caused a ripple on the commer
cial pool. The war had been discounted and therefore
came not as a surprise, but as something expected and
largely prepared for, while the conflagration was met by
a well-supplied and comparatively easy money market,
which : proved equal to the strain, 'so ; both these - adverse
conditions passed over the country like a violent: but
brief thunderstorm over the landscape, immediately^ fol
lowed by blue sky. ;
With cool American philosophy the public was dis
posed to extract all possible "consolation out of the fire.
True, the commercial quarter of- one of the largest and
most important cities had been wiped out, but . it would
have to be rebuilt and millions of dollars would be put
into circulation; thousands of persons given remunera
tive employment and vast quantities ; of • lumber, struct-.,
ural and furnishing material purchased in .the -work: of
reconstruction. "What can't be cured must be endured,"
said the public, and immediately turned its ' attention,
even before the embers \ had become cool, to . rebuilding
the city. There, was no panic and surprisingly little; con
sternation, even while the conflagration was raging,"
which is but another illustration of the fact that the
Americans are without, doubt -among the coolest and
most philosophical in the world. t
The war is regarded in very much the same, spirit;
We are inclined to take the commercial rather titan the
sentimental view of it. War, we say, is a bad thing, but
it has broken out, and the belligerents* must have fvast
supplies for " their' armies and navies, and a large per-,
centage of them must t be obtained in this country, from
our factories and farms; so from a cold-blooded stand
point of dollars and cents the United States will be bene
fited rather than damaged by the Oriental clash. So
the fire and the war pass'overus and leave us calm.
In fact we seem to be passing . through all sorts of
crises without a flurry. That stringent money market
which we 1 anticipated with more or less apprehension last
year has not yet appeared, in spite ofthe Panama' canal
payment of $35,000,000, and the great liquidation in
stocks and iron and steel products of 1003 has left (the
financial interests of the country in much better condi
tion than before.
New York reports large numbers of buyers from; all
parts of the country, showing an expanding merchandise
movement, and the reaction in cotton has again brought
purchasers; of raw material into the market with liberal
orders. Labor conditions are remarkably free from
friction "at the moment. Inclement weather has cut
down distributive trade in some sections, yet the demand
for goods is fuliy up to the average of this time of the
year and the usual depression and hesitation ? character-'
istic of Presidential years have not yet appeared. As
far as all current indications ; go the. country .was never
on a sounder commercial basis ahd ; thepessimism- of 1903
has almost wholly disappeared.
The war has advanced prices of silk, tea, beef "and
pork products and the different grains/ forage? hides and
leather, not to mention a large number of "minor products
of American industry. An increased demand, for
structural Jron and steel and steel rails has placed, the
iron trade on a broader and more profitable basis. 'Wool
is firm, with a steady demand for the raw product. Pro
visions are quieter, but are still in very good movement.
The demand for California dried fruits has suddenly im
proved during the past few days, with a corresponding
steadiness in quotations. Trade in footwear . and cloth
ing is reported exceptionally brisk. About the only ad
verse features at present are the diminished railroad
earnings, due, however, more to unfavorable weather
than to any decrease in the volume :. of trade, and the
recent wild speculation- in cotton, coffee and wheat, * at
whichthe banking interests arc looking with an askant
and repellant eye. The failures arc making a satisfac-.
tory exhibit, those last week numbering ; 228, against 330
for the corresponding week in 1903.
The Wall street stock market is unusually quiet. > Sat
urday-was reported the dullest day on record, only 95,000
shares, selling on the Stock Exchange. The market has
been devoid of especial feature for several weeks.
Prospects in California are bright. The recent rains,
while not as copious in; the southern part of- the State as
might have been desired, have -saved' the crops, for the
present at least, and • as there is an extra demand - for
grain and forage for the Orient in consequence of ', the
war; the outlook for farm products- is better than for
years. The farmer has had very good years, but
if the Japanese purchase what^they are supposed to want
and what they are even now credited with trying to se-!
cure the State v i*mi be put to its trumps to supply their
demands." They "are even now drawing on California,
Oregon and Washington for large lines^of barley/oats
and supposedly hay, and as the coast is not oversupplied
with any of these products it) is .the general .opinion
among the large handlers that prices for all will ; go
higher rather than lower . as the . season advances.
Immigration into this State is at a. rate not witnessed
since the. old gold days and is of 'the finest character,
consisting of actual settlers from the Middle West, and
if the railroads continue their present progressive ; and
intelligent policy of colonizing the State by "means of low,
transportation rates we shall soon have a population un
dreamed of ifi recent years. As for San Francisco, its pop-,
ulatidh is increasing surprisingly, as the most \ casual ob
server may see at a glance along the business "streets
and through the residence districts, and, owing to; the
abnormal activities in the Orient, is rapidly becoming'a
distributing seaport of the first magnitude. Our pros
pects for a good,- year were never brighter than at
present. N .\/ -. ;-;,■■ 'V/
TOO MUCH "FRISCO."
EASTERN ' people and Eastern newspapers continue
to refer to this city as "Frisco," though* it x is n%t
our corporate title, nor is it- in. use by our resi
dents. It would scarcely be in keeping withYa healthy
civic pride were San Franciscans to : use such a name for
their/ city. Then how is. it to be regarded when non
residents employ a name,, that is - more familiar and
patronizing than that which we •ourselves use?
'inhabitants of this ; city have ■ nbt used ; that term since
the early days of California, 'evenif they did then. In
tl«e rough and ready times when Hangtown and Jimtowii
nourished it may have been • a sufficient appellation to
designate a supply town to the mines, but : it is not • con
sistent with the dignity of a metropolitan city^ one of the
foremost and best known in the United States. . , "
A name serves to identify,' a man among his fellows.
Itiis a part of him. and if he carry himself as. he Should
he is jealous of that good name. There are different de
grees of formality expected in employing it, the most
formal being from those least known ; the next, permit
ting a certain license to intimates, as in the custom of
using a given name; and lastly, the most sacred, that in
use'bj one's own family. If ithesc degrees be not ob
served there is a violation of good form, sometimes
even'tc the point of offense. It might justly. offend- 'a
iran to be addressed with a nickname by one to whom
ihcha,d jusi been introduced, while, on the contrary, to be
""Mistered" by one's own family 'would be ridiculous.
With a city the case is analagous. If a man be a good
citizen he should have the same share of pride, in the
name of his corporate family as in his own. This -• city
was named for good St. Francis, arid no. reason exists
for such an appellation as "FriSco.'N
Japan and Russia have expressed their earnest desire
to be permitted -to fight out their battles to. a conclusion
without the aid or interference of any other nation. If
there is one wish on earth that , all peaceful nations want
to" see consummated it should ' be this. 'We have troubles
ofiour owniwithout assuming any of those that are!now
agitating the Eastern antagonists. :
BRITISH MILITARY TRAINING.
REPORTS from London are to the . effect that a
scheme of compulsory, military training, to be put
into operation throughout the British" islands, is
now ; in preparation by the War Office, and will . be sub
mitted to Parliament in the near future. It is to be
noted that the scheme is announced as one of military
"training" and not of military "service.".' The. choice of
words was doubtless dictated by political considerations,
as ; the Ministry would hardly like to face the known
antagonism in Great Britain -to compulsory' military
service. The "use of the milder phrase ■ is an easy way^of
evading the popular prejudice, while at the same time
affording the Government ample scope to introduce a
system which will go far to increase the military effi
ciency of the kingdom. ,
The announcement ofthe programme was made origi
nally in the Morning Mail, which in describing it said:
< "The scheme provides for; the military training (un
der the supervision of army officers) of all males between
the ages of eighteen and twenty-two years. The fol
lowing classes, however, will receive exemption: -Men
who, have served in the navy, ex-soldiers, .volunteers,
militia or imperial yeomanry, and- the mercantile marine.
The training will cover a period of four years. In their
eighteenth year the youths. will have two months' physi
cal and other drill (including the use of .arms). 'During
the remaining years a fortnight annually will be utilized
for more advanced drill. Thus a whole, period of some
three and a half months' training will be given, and by
their twenty-third year all young England will be capa
ble of rendering excellent service in case of- need."
.: '^.It is estimated that the normal number of young men
; under: training when the scheme. has been-put into =full
'operation will be about i;t65,ooo.^Of the, total' number,
about 304,000 would be in their first year, while the re-'
mainder would consist of men in the second, third or
fourth year of training, and, therefore, comparatively
well fitted for good service ,in case of- an emergency.
The plan is said to be an outcome of the agitation and
the; work of the "National Service League," and conse
quently will have a powerful body of support among the
pebpleas soon as it is submitted to the consideration of
Since the Japanese accomplished their splendid stroke
of daredevil strategy in thc^night attack upon the Rus
sian ; fleet at Port Arthur the" world has been, guessing
learnedly and otherwise how it was done. Is it n6t"suf
ficient that success is its own explanation a'nd victory, its
own .vindication?
PROSPERITY IN HUMBOiLDT.
CALIFORNIA hopes' to have a thorough exploita
tion, of her resources at the St. Louis Expo
sition. We will send there our fruits, our ores,
sacks of our; grain from the interior and samples of our
woods' from thc^ mountains.' Every physical manifesta
tionof'our well being will be installed for the edifica
tion and possible allurement of "the public. If /figures
: count, and certainly those are a- less showy but more
substantial earnest of the opportunities which we 'are
. enabled to give . the prospective colonist, Humboldt
County should frame and' ship to St. I^ouis the*, annual
report of the Harbor Commissioners. for the port of Eu
reka. No happier evidence of the prosperity of. that
section of the State could be exhibited.
v By careful tabulation N of the arrival and departure of
all yesiseis which . have visited Humboldt Bay during 'the
year 1903, the Commissioners show^ that the pbrtO'lof
:£ur»*k| is rapidly becoming the shipping center, second
"only to San Francisco and San Pedro, . on the whole
coaH .south of Portland. .For the year past the records
shov.' a total number of 749 arrivals 'of vessels from
coastwise ports, » the islands and Australian and South
American harbors. These, sailing away with the car
goes of lumber, dairy products and meat, stuffs,' have
raised the total value of : all exportations.for the year of
1903 to the sum of $7,361,370, an excess in value over all
imports 1 of '$2)733,991. The total value of exports for the
year 1902 falls below the present figure by more than a
million.- ■}■'■*■-<■ •
The report shows a steady gain in the lumber,: ship
ments over those of previous years, the almost incon
ceivable number of 264,007,781 feet being r the record of
ali shipments both . to foreign . and '^ coastwise ports:
Pressing close upon the figures of the lumber exports are
those of the dairy industries and the farm products. In
every branch of industry carried on in Humboldt
County, even down. to the raising and shipment of frogs
for- the delectation of San Francisco's epicures, ; the
record is one which 1 holds a place of honor in the roll
of our counties
cat is out of the bag at, last. Millions of rases of
whisky are smuggled annually into prohibition' Kansas,
and the 1 knowing wink ' and smacking ; of satisfied chops
testify to the cunning backsliding of the Kansas reformer.
•No wonder Carrie Nation is wild. She has the unreason
6f T absolute knowledge. '.
Settlement in the shipbuilding thievery V cost Charles
Schwab ■ $12,000,000. Arid Schwab hasn't* even the poor
satisfaction of knowing that\his loss is conscience money
.What . it /cost, this" steel magnate] in the good * opinion of
the world is probably riot" listed among 'his liabilities.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Thrift.
•^Thrift, Horatio." said the great bard
of Avon, and thrift it was with a cer
tain country justice of the peace who.
sought to increase his all too meager
Income from; fees by a clever appeal
.to the . generosity of young benedicts
for whom he had tied the nuptial knot.
This bucolic Dogberry made It a
point to Invite i prospective couples to
his residence Instead of conducting, the
official ceremony In his dingy court
room. In the family parlors, always
bright" with bunches of sweet flowers,
the blushing bride and the nervous
bridegroom were duly made one. After
the ceremony our friend would insist
that the newly wedded couple should
be his guests.
Forthcoming was a dainty repast
with always a few bottles ° of wine in
evidence.' Bumpers would be in order
to the health, wealth : and prosperity
of the. happy ones. And the game won!
In fall . of his years of experience the
justice recalls only one case where. the
legal fee '. was not topped off ■with ' a
handsome addition, for he., reasoned
that * there was no getting away on
merely satisfaction of the' law's de
mands,' after, such unexpected display
of hospitality and good feeling. His
Honor, by the iway, was always careful
to see that . not ■ too much of his good
wine was spilled in the investment.
A Fruitless Effort.
"Happy" Dorety is a San Francisco
newsboy and .the intricacies of gram
mar, like the cares of the world, have
heretofore rested lightly upon/ his
shoulders. His vocabulary, although
limited, has been " sufficient ,. heretofore
for his needs: but alas, things have
changed. "Happy" was noticed in
earnest conversation yesterday with - a
kind-faced old gentleman and after-;
ward the perplexed expression on the
newsboy/s: face prompted inquiry as to
the* cause thereof. Said "Happy": -
"Well, yer see, V was sellln' de war
extrys wen he axes me if I's got a mor
nin* polper. I ses, .' 'Sure.' - Den I gits
it! Say! I tot I khowed some about
h6w ter talk all right, all right, till dis
comes off, but' now? I'm up agin It an*
plum a'scared ter open me 'chops.
■ _"Wen"I ses 'Sure*. he begins ter spiel
about adwerbs an' adjetives an* ses I
oughtn't ter use such langwldge and
goes on about modif yin* an' every thin*
an' ses -de wold oughter be a adwerb
like 'soitlnly.V Wen I ketches me bret,
he ses agin ter me, 'Now d'youse tink
youse kin git it right if I axes ye agin?*
An' o'course I answers, 'Sure.' Den he
Smiles . kinder " sick like . an* walks off.
I sold Mm de polper, annyway!"
Death Intervenes.
: .While examining some old records in
the . marriage . license office a few days
ago Cupid - Danforth . came across • a li
cense across the face of which In red
ink ,was 'Written .the word "can
celed." He glanced at .'the -. names in
the license and. then called a newspaper
man and directed ; his attention to the
cancellation. ■•.
"That recalls a very sad affair to
me." he said. "One morning about two
years - ago a fine, big, handsome young
fellow, dressed^ in the' garb of a line
man, with a belt about his waist con
taining nippers and other tools of his
trade,' rushed in here and ■ breathlessly
asked for a marriage license. He fur
nished . me - all the information I .re
quired and while I was filling In the
blank" he told me that he was working
across the -street repairing some wires
and took advantage of the absence of
his. boss to run in and get the license.
•We'll get married; to-night,' he -said,
with a laugh just brimful of happiness,
and : then out he v rushed, shouting a
cheery good-by and a hearty thank you
as he got to the door.
days later a very pretty, little
woman, dressed in deep mourning,*
came into the office and handed me the
license I had issued , to the lineman.
'Please cancel this,' she said, tearfully.
Then I remembered that the day I had
issued the license I had read in the
evening, paper that an employe of
telegraph and telephone company had
met with' a terrible death while repair
ing wires ; near the City Hall."
New Signals at S<
One of the most formidable prob
lems of coastwise navigation by which
mariners are confronted is the diffi
culty of determining the direction from
which fog-bells and "signals come, the
apparent direction of the location of
the sound being dependent to a large
degree on the condition of the atmo
sphere. If vessels could run from light
ship : to light-ship infallibly by sound,
as they do by sight In fair weather,
the improvement would amount almost
to a revolution in coastwise traffic. A
new system of ; submarine bell signal
ing .which seems to solve the problem
is described In an interesting article
by H. C. Gauss, in Harper's Weekly.
The apparatus may be briefly de
scribed as follows: Each of the four
steamers of the line on which the sys
tem is being tried - are equipped with
microphone transmitters of new and
peculiar . construction, which - take up
from* the sea water the vibrations im
parted by. bells suspended by chains
from the respective light-ships, and the
Impulses' forwarded to telephone, re
ceivers in the pilot houses record with
accuracy the direction of the location
of the; bells and an approximation of
the distance.
"Hants."
■ The London Globe seems to have -dis
covered the prize story of "hahts." It
says: "Coedkernew, a village pleasantly
situated between Newport and Cardiff.
Is greatly agitated by stories of a
ghostly visitor. , At Mardy f a rm , in the
occupation of Ernest Parsons, it is stated
that : . the pictures were turned . round,
and . a . bundle of, hay removed : from a
cow shed and " deposited in the middle
of I- the : farmyard. - The inmates were
next startled when a large quantity of
crockery, In the kitchen fell with a loud
crash. ■ On another , occasion the ■ farm
er's wife' having prepared the midday
meal * for two ; of the , laborers went ■ to
call*;. them, , but on her r*turn a "few
moments later the dinner had myste-
riously disappeared. It was afterward
discovered in a locked cupboard. Rumor
states that farm hands are so scared
that they have left the place. Ons
bright little fellow declared that he
would not stop when his bed galloped
around the room at night. . Another
story current In . the village Is that a
clock which had stopped for three
months suddenly broke Its silence and
struck the midnight hour."
Beveridge as a Logger.
Senator Beveridge, author .of The
Russian Advance, was a logger In early
youth, and at sixteen was boss of a
logging camp. It is said that to this
day he is an expert logger. An amus
ing Incident occurred during . the last
Congressional campaign In Indiana.
Senator Beveridge spoke at a certain
town and was driving across country
to make* a train* for the next appoint
ment. At a point where the road
crossed the railroad track, the Sena
tor found some men trying to load
heavy. logs on a flat-car. He told the
driver to stop, and after watching the
work for a moment he said to the man
In charge:
"You have those skids and chains
fixed wrong, and you are chocking
that log wrong,' too. If you do things
this way, some of you will get hurt
badly." , .
Resenting the Interference of a
stranger, the man replied:
"What the — '■ do you know about
it?"
"I will show you," said Senator Bev
eridge, getting out of his buggy. He
then adjusted things properly, showing
where the men were putting themselves
ih danger by a wrong method.
They watched rather sheepishly, but.
finding the. stranger in the right,
promptly acknowledged It and thanked
him as he climbed back in his buggy.
Thereupon the local politician who was
driving the Senator, told .the log-men
.who it was to whom they were talk
ing \ . ..:;". :':.';-v.
"Well. I'D be - !?• said the fore-.
man. "That settles it. I am for Albert
J; Beveridge from this time on."
The man happened to be the Demo
cratic ' precinct ' committeeman from
that township, but now he Is one of the
hottest adherents the Senator has in
Indiana.'
A Human Picture Gallery.
The Society of Picturemakers Upon
the Human Skin has presented a peti
11 on to many- French Deputies re
questing them to pass a law making it
obligatory upon parents to have the'
names and surnames and dates of
birth tattooed upon all children over
six months old. These eccentric gen
iuses ' call themselves artists . and de
mand protection. In their petition
they claim that the engraving of the
name and address upon chllldren
would, serve as an excellent means of
identification. .
Answers to Queries.
' NEW YORK THEATER— Subscriber,
City. The seating capacity of the Met
ropolitan Opera-house in New York is
3550. .-. * .
MOTOR— M.. Alden, Cal. Before your
questions relative to power can be an
swered it would be necessary to know
what kind of a motor you have refer
ence to.'
GRAND ARMY POSTS— Old Soldier.
Soldiers' Home, Cal. In the States of
California and Nevada', which form one
district, there are ninety-five Grand
Army posts. In the State of New York '
there are 621.
CITIZENSHIB-A. Cr S., City. The
question. "Can a man born of citizens
of the United States In a foreign coun
try become President of the United
States?" has never been judicially de
cided.. The constitution of the United
States says that to be eligible the Indi
vidual must be "a native born citizen."
The presumption Is that the constitu
tion means that the person must have
been born on United States territory. A
child born of United States citizens in
a foreign country, when the parents ar a
temporarily sojourning in such country
or are In the service of the Unite*
States, <s a native of the country In
whi.h born, but a citizen of the United
States. Whether such would be con
strued by the United States Supreme
Court as coming within the' provision,
'•native born citizen." Is a matter that
will only be known after argument be
fore that body. • should it ever be
brought before that tribunal. A natur
alized 'citizen* is not : eligible . to the
Presidency. If a person was born
in the city, of New York of Welsh par
ents, who never became citizens of the
United States, such person Is in the
common acceptation of the term an
American, not a Welshman, but if on
attaining majority such person elects
to become a citizen of the country of
his parents he is at liberty to do so, by
some overt act. and having once done
that he Is' recognized as a citizen of
that country. Should such person at
any future'; time decide to be a citizen
of the United States he would have to
be naturalized the same as any other
alien, notwithstanding ' that he was
born In the United' States. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic Bra
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Can bids *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping -Bureau (Allen'«). 230 f»i»-
JornU sU€8U^Telephone Mala 1m^ T«vNEW LEADERS DIRECT FEDERATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS
INFORMALITY WILL MARK FUNCTIONS OF LENTEN DAYS
General Satisfaction Expressed at the Election of Mrs. George Law Smith as
President of the State Organization.
The convention of the State Federa
tion of Women's Clubs has passed into
history — the history of clubdom. Spec
ulations are over, and at the helm
stands Mrs. George Law Smith, the
president of the California Club. This
subversion of a few prearranged plans
seems to have met with the enthusi
astic commendation of nine-tenths of
the 2S.OO0 clubwomen of the State. The
fact of a new successor being elected
to th» presidency of the State body —
rather than the re-election of Mrs. L.
*". Darling, who, by the way. has
made a most capable and efficient offi
cer — stamped the presidency as dis
tinctly a one-term office.
That precedent uppermost in the
minds of the delegates, natural acces
sion would bring 4he honors to Mrs.
Smith, who was acting vice president
of the State body and a representative
from the north — north ' Tehachapi.
There is, let it be said, a verbal or a
mental treaty existing between the
clubs in t&e southland and those above
the pass that presidential honors be
divided evenly between them.
Now, let the fact be cried out from
the housetops that the southern dele
gations stood pluckily by Mrs. Smith,
a splendid protagonism coming from
them. Whatever of onnosltion there
■was to Mrs. Smith's election was not a
manifestation of hostility toward her
personally, but rather a desire to di
vert the honor to some northern club
other than the California, for it is
claimed, and justly, that the California
Club is too much in the public eye.
Eut what is a club to do when its pop
ularity emanates from the work It
does? Surely it cannot hide Its light
under a bushel. When the Juvenile
Court measure, the Big Trees agita
tion and the traveling libre.ries origi
nated in the club, and the work in
each is still actively prosecuted, why
should the club not talk about it?
Likewise, how can the club help be
lnp: talked about? These things con
sidered, it is apparent that the small
m«ed of antagonism to the election of
the California's president to the presi
dency of the federation is not well
founded. And as to her personal fit
r>eps — which necessarily includes ap
l>earance, personality, judarment, tact
and a Quick grasp of facts and de
tails—there are but few women in Cal
ifornia more adaptable.
The selection of a. presiding officer
this year was a vital i?sue, because it
is she who will represent the clubs of
California at the biennial at St. Louis
in May. She. together with represent
atives from the six districts and two
delegates at large, whom the presi
dent will appoint.
Arann'g the other State officers elect
ed are the following:
Vlc« pref-idcnt at larp*-. Mrs. J. E. Cowles.
Los AnjrelfF; corrosjiGr.dlnp secretary. Mr*.
Arthur W. <'omwa!l. Pan Francisco; recording
tecrrtary. Mrs. C*r.i«rl<»s N. McL^uth, San Jo*e:
treasurer. Mrs. Charley M. B*ck*ith. Pacra
rnpnt"- auditors. Mr*. Oliver C Bryant. Ltot
An*fle«, and Mrs. E. B. Wrenn. nakrrsfleld;
Ftate ppcretarv to th»- <"Jenpral Federation.
Mrs. L. F. Darlic*: dJFtrlct vie* presidents—
San Francisco dittrlct, Mn>. A. E. Osborne;
Lok Aneele* district. Mrs. Frar.k E. Prior:
Fan Diego district. Mrs. Victor Montgomery;
Alarr.f-.ia district. Mrs. Frank M. Wilson:
northern <1i«trict. Mr*. W. H. Uwjin: fan
Jr-aqnln Valley rflstrlrt. Mn> K. I>. Buss.
Now ff precedence be followed — and
women are learning: to follow it—
Mrs. J. C. Cowl^s of Los Angeles will
be Mrs. George Law Smith's successor
at the next annual meeting. Mrs.
Cowles made a splendid showing at
the Sacramento gathering and la
looked upon generally as a very strong
figure in clubdom.
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall's election to
th<» secretaryship was not unlike the
ppasmodie nomination of William J.
Bryan for the Presidency. The
knowledge of her brilliant financial
achievements — hardly cold — had swept
ADVEBTISEMENTa
PIANOS WITH NO HOME
Sweet Dulcet Tones Lie Dormant in
Some of the Most Beautiful Pianos
Ever Seen in This Country.
They Must Leare This City if Their Most
Persuasive Prices Appeal in Vain to
Ail Levers of Music and Art.
• The sale of the stock of pianos we
purchased from the Zeno Mauvais Mu-
Eic Company will soon terminate. So
many of our own makes of pianos have
arrived that we are blockaded, and
what pianos remain unsold in a very
few days of the lot we purchased from
the Mauvais Company will be sent to
our different branch stores— Sacramen-
to, San Jose, Fresno, Eureka and San
Diego. Consequently the time will soon
be up when you can get a real good
piano for about half what it Is worth.
We have Bora a great many of these
pianos eince we started this sale. We
have told the public that we were of-
fering /nagnlflcent upright pianos, euch
as Behr Bros., Baumeister. Wissner,
Schubert and others, on easy payments
at almost half the price they have
been sold for heretofore.
We have a new upright piano, fully
guaranteed by us, which we are now
offering for J30. one for $115, another
end etill better one $130 and from this
price on up. Simplex Piano-Players. the
few that remain unsold, we propose to
close out for $175. But there are not
In a few days all these strange makes
of pianos that do not properly belong
to our warerooma will be taken off our
floor to make room for our regular line
—the Everett. Steck, Hordman, Pack-
ard. Ludwig. Conover. Price & Teeple.
Smith £c Barnes, etc.
Along with the Mauvais lot of pianos
which we are sellin* for about half-price
we offer a number of second-hand pianos
that have accumulated— some standard
makes, notably the Knabe. Chlckering,
Fischer and a lot of squares, from $25
up. Some organs for about half their
usual price, and some nickel-in-the-Blot
Electric Pianos, regular price $750.
which we are closing out at half-price
to cash buyers.
This sale will terminate very soon
now. and in order to accommodate the
buying public our warerooms will be
open e%-enings until the termination of
this sale. <
THE HUEV B. ALIiEN CO.,
931-933 Market Street.
BY X/AURA BRIDE POWERS.
from tongue to tongue in the legisla
tive hall, and her name became a
talisman for enthusiastic outbursts —
and her election followed.
Mrs. Cornwall, by the way, Is se
riously mentioned as among the most
available candidates for the presidency
of the California Club. CTour pardon
for saying "California Club" again,
but It is news, hence its presence).
Mrs. Orr, the chairman of the educa
tion department. Is also a prominent
candidate — and incidentally a clever
woman.
On Sunday next one of the most
vitally important conferences of the
year will begin its deliberations. At
the First Unitarian Church, on the
corner of Geary and Franklin streets,
the State conference of charities and
corrections will hold a three days'
session, at which matters of absorbing
interest to sociologists — or to all who
are interested in the betterment of the
dependent, the deficient and the de
praved classes — will be discussed.
While oftimes but little immediate
benefit accrues from discussions of this
kind, nevertheless the agitation pro
motes the growth of our knowledge of
these ever-present problems. The sub
jects, as problems to be solved in a
systematic manner, are of rather re
cent origin, and cwry ray of light is
needed from all sources.
The convention will continue for
three days, when the following live
topics will be discussed (with one
possible change) :
Sunday evening, February 21. 8 o'clock-
Address of welcome, "The Child and tho
State." Judge Ben B. Llndsey. Monday. Feb
ruary 22. 11 a. m.. "Discussion of Associated
Charities Problem*," by representatives of
Associated Charities throughout the State.
Monday afternoon — "Modern Methods in the
Cara and Treatment of the Insane," F. "W.
Hatch, -M. D., general superintendent of State
hospitals: "The Needs of the State Home for
Feeble-minded Children," William J. G. Daw
eon, medical superintendent, Monday evening:
— "The Charitiea Indorsement Committee and
Its Aims," Andrew M. Davis: "What the Ae
eoclatcd Charities Stands For." Dr. Samuel G.
Smith. Tuesday morning- — "The County Hos
pital." Tuesday afternoon, February 23 —
"State Boards of Charities and Corrections,"
W. Altnoct Gates, secretary of State Board of
Charities and Corrections; "The Probation Law
for Adult Offenders," oigood Putnam, presi
dent of the Associated Charities of San Fran
cisco; "The County Jail," Dr. E. C. Moore,
president of the State Board of Charities and
Corrections; "Fact* and Figures of Alameda
County," Ezra Pecoto, probation officer of
Alameda County. Tuesday evening— "Tha
Child as a Social Problem." Dr. Smith; "Ju
vtnile Crime. Its Sources and Remedies,"
Herbert W. Lewis, superintendent of the Boyu"
and Girls' Aid Society; "The State in Relation
to the Dependent Child." W. S. Mellck, secre
tary State Board of Examiners.
The San Jose Women's Club is
again prosecuting an active campaign
— led by the indefatigable Mrs. E. O.
Smith and Mrs. Kennedy — for the
civic improvement of the Garden City.
Whatever plans the ladies have in
view will materialize — unless some
thing awful happens. Those women in
the San Jose Club are terribly in
earnest when they get busy, for note
the tremendous success of their festi
val last summer. That Indian congress
stands out in club annals as a scintil
lating example of what women can do
— when they will.
From * the decisive tenor of the
ladies' decision to improve San Jose,
the men had better get into line;- 'tis
so much "gracefuller" to slip in now,
at the start, than to be whipped in
later, for what politician — or other
mere man — could hope to hold out
against the organized will of such
women as guide the destinies of this
club?
The Wlmodausis Club has been
making- good progress along cultural
lines this winter, making analyses of
characters in the best modern fiction.
Along these lines some really clever
papers have been presented.
For the, month of March the club
will discuss "The Turkish Question,"
and later "The Parties of Labor," by
Wilkins, which will, of course, involve
a ventilation of the subject of strikes,
labor unions and carrelative topics.
The following is an encouraging en
comium upon the proselyting power of
the Outdoor Art League, of which
Mrs. Lovell White is president. The
excerpt is from the Chicago Herald:
Just now the club women throughout the
land are Interested In gaining the Interest in
and "laying the wlrte" for the pannage of
the bill urging the preservation of the Cala
veras big trees of California, through their
purchase by the Government. The former
bills, although approved by the public lands
committee, have failed to secure a hearing
In the Hou«e of Representatives. The pres
ent bill ha« been framed and the need of Its
passage urged by the big tree committee of
the Outdoor Art I>ag-ue of California. The
plea for Interest and membership is set forth
In these words:
The Outdoor Art League has resolved to
make the preservation of the Calaveras groves
a national affair. And to this end a council
is being orKacized of influential men ami
women in each State, whose purpose Is to aid
in forming a strong congressional committee,
whose duty shall be to act in conjunction with
the California representatives In devising ways
and mean* for eecuring the passage of the big
tree bill. The Calaveras groveg are the finest
and most accessible of all the California groves
of big trees, and are theretore the most valu
able to scientists and for the enjoyment of the
citizens of the world. Will you become a
member of your State council and aid In for
warding- the Interests of the Calaveras big
tree bill?
Some of the facts sent out In the summary
about the trees, which have caused the cru
sade against their destruction, are contained in
the report of the division of forestry, and are
Interesting, nut only to those who are Callfor
nlans, but to all Americans who have visited
th<»se wonderful rrovca. and, in fact, to all
who feel u. national, pride In the preservation
of any natural sift* to the land:
1. The dimensions of the big tree are un
equaled.
2. The ape of the bir tree make* It tht
oldest thing living.
3. The majestic beauty of the big tree Is
unique and world renowned. ,
4. It now exists only in ten Isolated grove*
on the west slope of the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains, and nowhere else In the world.
6. The Maripoea Grove Is to-day the only
one of consequence ■which is completely pro
tected. - 9 v
C. Most of the scattered grove* of big trees
are privately owned and therefore In danger
of destruction.
7. Lumbering is rapidly sweeping them off;
forty mills and logging companies are now at
work wholly of In part upon big tree timber.
8. The southern groves ehow some repro
duction, through which there is hope of per
petuating these groves: In the northern grove*
the epecie* hardly holds Its own.
9. The species represent* a surviving pre
historic renu* cf tree* once growing widely
over the globe.
Council* have been formed la twenty-two
States and club women In every State are
actively engaced In advocating the passage of
the bill, as are scientists and prominent men
everywhere. Eight State federations and many
chapters of the Daughters of the. American
Revolution have Indorsed the bill and written
lettem urging its passage. The California Art
League is an affiliated society of the Women 1 *
Auxiliary and American Park and Outdoor Art
Association. Mr*. Charle* F. MlllKpaugh is the
chairman of the Illinois council advocating the
paEfage of the bill, and the, present member*
Mesdame* John t:. Ames. George T. Banzet.
V E. Bowes. Orville T. Bright. Helen S. Gage,
Wllmette; Herman J. Hall, Charles Henrotln,
R H Kauffman, Orepon; A. E. McCrf.a. John
O'Connor, for tho Woman* CJub:. Matthew
Scott, Blcomlngton; J. R. Webster, Monmouth;
Gertrude B. Welty. Bloomlneton.
Messrs Edward E. Ayer, Frank C Bray. C.
T D Goodspeed. Carter H. Harrison, Jens
Jenson. William Kent. H. H. Kohlsaat Robert
B Peattie. Dwight H. Perkins, E. * C. Rout
zann. Martin A.' Ryerson. J. C. Shaffer, O. 8.
Eimond* Edwin Erie Sparks, General J. • C.
Black. Judge H. V. Freeman, Dr. W. H. Har
per Dr E. J. James, Dr. C. F. Mlllspaugh.
jud'eo r. Tuthiii.^sutsHmaBBHBIi
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation, Mrs. PInney president, held
a delightful meeting on February 7,
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1904.
when Hiss Rose O'Halloran, the /a
mo-us astronomer, talked to the mem
bers and guests of the wonderful mys
teries of the heavens. With simple dra
matic power, Miss O'Halloran told the
story she leves so well, explaining", in
layman's language, many of the re
cent discoveries.
On Monday, February 28, at 8 o'clock,
the association will entertain at a "co
lonial evening."
• • •
The Irving Club I held its regular
meeting on February 18, when a pro
gramme of much interest, likewise
much cleverness, was presented by
Mrs. Ellis Parrish, Miss Myrtle Lieb
and Mrs. John Reed. On March 3 the
programme will be in charge of Miss
Whit taker.
The California State Floral Society
held its monthly meeting on Friday
last. The principal event was the read
ing of a paper, "My First Visit to the
Black Forest," by Mrs. L. O. Hodg
kins. Mrs. J. R. Martin, chairman of
the exhibition committee, reported an
encouraging outlook for the spring
flower show, which, by the way, will be
given a month earlier than any flower
show heretofore given. About forty
exhibitors have already applied for
space. The tickets are now ready for
distribution.
The Mills Club gave a reception to--,
day at its clubrooms, on California
street, in honor of its birthday. In a
charming bower of greenery and yellow
blossoms, Mrs. McGauley, the presi
dent, extended greetings, assisted by
the following named:
Mrs. Mills. Mrs. Easton, Mrs. Wolff and
Mrs. Bates, vice presidents; Miss Casebolt, re
cording secretary; Miss Hewes, corresponding
secretary; Miss Un&er, treasurer; Mrs. Warner,
Mrs. Litchfield, Miss Dennman. Miss Fischer
and Miss Coleman, directors; Mrs. W. East
man, chairman; Mrs. A. Sutton, Mrs. Harmon,
Mrs. W. Spire. Mrs. J. Homer Flitch, Mrs.
C. Wetwore, Mrs. A. J. Benjamin, Mrs. John
Walllce. Mrs. Charles Youngberg, Miss C.
Hawley and Miss Fevrsler.
The California International Sun
shine Society, Miss Mabel Adams Ayer
president, has been going about on its
quiet way, dispensing tangible sun
shine in the suise of physical com
forts. The following is a list of State
officers:
Miss Mabel Adam Ayer, president; Mrs. John
F. Merrill, honorary president: Mrs. George W.
Caewell. State treasurer; Miss Ceclle Rogers,
corresponding secretary: Miss Meta Stofen,
recording secretary; board of directors, Mrs.
George J. Bucknall, Mrs. Isadore Burns, Mrs.
Josephine Morris de Greayer, Mrs. J. W. Rup
gles. Mrs. Robert J. Burdette, Mrs. John H.
Jewett, Mrs. Washington Ayer, Mrs. Florence
Collins Porter. Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, Judge R.
B. Carpenter. Judge T. B. McFarland, W. A.
Worthington and Dr. S. T. Harrison.
That was a red letter day at the
Forum Club last Wednesday, when
Wadsworth Harris of the James-
Warde company entertained the
members by giving interpretations
from Shakespeare. Yes, they were in
terpretations worthy of the name — and.
let it be known, Mr. Harris knows his
Shakespeare. Aside from the plays
of the Bard of Avon he read from the
works of Eugene Field. Rudyard Kip
ling, Joaquin Miller, and other writers.
Mr. Harris won much hearty applause
from this appreciative club. Before the
readings Mrs. Artemus -Fletcher ren
dered two vocal solos, which were well
received. She was accompanied on
the piano by Miss Adams.
RABBI SPEAKS
TO UNITARIANS
Dr. J. Voorsangrer Occupies the
Rev. Mr. Leavitt's Pulpit and
Delivers a Powerful Sermon
Rabbi Voorsanger occupied the pulpit
at the First Unitarian Church yester
day afternoon in the absence of the
Rev. Bradford Leavitt, who preached
at Stanford University. There was a
large ' congregation and the subject
chosen by Rabbi Voorsanger was "The
Protesting Influence of Propheticism."
The rabbi said:
It is certainly a remarkable fact that the
idealism Of the prophet* of Israel had been
able to maintain itself. deKpite the denial of
Its integrity by every successive civilization.
However highly the Jew thought of the basic
principles of his religion, it is certain that the
nations susrounded theao principles with sus
picion.
Palestine is but one-thirteenth the size of
California, and i» surrounded by nations each
of which has played an important role In the
history of the world. There were Phoenicia
and Syria on the north, Assyria on the north
cast. Babylonia on the southeast and mighty
Egypt on the southwest.
In later times the handful of Jews in Pal
estine was fronted by Greece and still later
by the world force of Rome.
To say to all these mighty empires, each
representing a distinct phase in human civili
zation, that their culture reatedp on false
premises and that, therefore It would bo
swallowed up in the evolution of the ages, ap
pears like supererogation, an expression of ar
rogance for which, I fear, the world has never
forgiven the Jew. And yet history is but the
story of the 'decline of those empires and of
the vindication of prophetical Ideals which is
attested by the national records of the Jew
to the dignity of an international literature.
In the application of these Ideals we come
to the conclusion that es long as civilization
consists of the irere manifestation of physical
and mental energies it cannot endure.
rnopiiETiciSM's teaching.
Propheticism holds that happiness exists In
the harmony of spiritual ■ and physical ener
gy. It preaches the constitutional character of
peace a* precedent to an acknowledgment of
God.
Whenever war exists the world usually
cross-examines it* own belier in God. War is
inconsistent with any belief in God. Peace Ik
not the stagnancy of undeveloped condi
tions, but the harmony of divinity and
humanity. A* long, therefore, as war and
all other passions continue to exist the
world In the prophetic aspect needs the con
tinuance of that manifestation by which God
is cognizant in human affairs. In other and
briefer words, God is not groat enough yet.
humanely speaking. When he will be the
ideals of the .proDhcts will become the con
stitution of mankind and civilization will rep
resent the complete harmony of God and man.
WARNS Tlffi ANGLO-SAXON.
And in this respect a word of caution might
be addressed to the great Anglo-Saxon race.
Uarely 4,000.000 in the time of Queen Eliza
beth, it now represents 10 per- cent of the
population of the earth. «- 140.000,000. mainly
contained within the. two countries that stand
in' history for the maintenance of doctrines
by which man has attained to his true dig
nity — the doctrines of freedom of conscience
and government by the people. But Is it not
natural, that in the manifestation of Its phys
ical forces this tremendous race should - seek
to dominate the earth because of the natural
manifestation of Its inherent strength? .
In th* inevitable conflicts of the future, the
Anglo-Saxon will match and measure his
strength with : other dominant races, because
history proves that only one - race can be
dominant on the faco of the earth at any
on* time. For that very reason, tho greatest
need of this powerful race. at the present
time Is Its centlc subordination to the proc
esses by which it may promote the harmony
of Us spiritual- and physical energies lest in
the • arrogant assertion of its physical proweea
and 1U mere love of domlnancy it undermine
Its own vltailty and so . prepare the- time
when its' history,' Instead- of being :• a witness
of - God ■ on . earth, will be a mere ■ chanter in
archaeology, spelled in . the . hieroglyphics of a
dead and departed people* \
FAVORITISM IS .
CHECKED IN
THE NAVY
Secretary Moody has decided not to
assign to duty in Washington, except
in a few unusual cases, officers who
have within late years had shore de
tails at the capital. He has directed
the Bureau of Navigation to refer all
applications for such duty to him. This
new rule will meet with almost general
approval by naval officers and it strikes
a blow at the so-called "Washington
navy," that will seriously affect its in
dividual members. It was the custom
for many years for a few chosen offi
cers to regularly return to Washington
after a cruise at sea. Walker; Ramsay,
Pythian, Luce, Bradford and Crownin
shield thus established and continued
an oligarchy, the aims of which was
personal comfort and power, and offi
cers who did not belong to this coterie
had to take such shore duty as the
others did not want. Much of the ill
feeling in the navy between the line
and staff corps owes its origin to the
practice of continuing one particular
set of officers on duty in Washington.
The agitation for increase of pay, rank
and additional power has emanated
from the Washington navy, and its lat
est attempt to usurp the powers of the
Secretary of the Navy by the crea
tion of a general staff has probably
prompted Mr. Moody to go to the root
of the evil by disbanding the shore
navy in Washington.
There was only one bid presented at
Washington January 30 for the con
struction of a arydock at the New York
navy yard. The offer was $1,082,246, and
as the appropriation Is only $1,000,000,
the bid was rejected. The Navy De
partment has not yet decided whether
it will advertise for further proposal.
An appropriation of $200,000 was made
for this dock on June 7, 1900, and if the
Bureau of Yards and Docks should de
cfde to readvertise for bids, the work,
if finally contracted for, would not be
under progress until next June, after a
delay of five years, notwithstanding
the fact that large docks are greatly
needed in our navy yards.
TO RELIEVE SHIPBUILDERS.
Senator Lodge has introduced a bill
for the relief of eleven shipbuilding firms
which, under contracts of 1898, built
sixteen destroyers and twelve torpedo
boats for the United States navy at
such insufficient prices as to entail
great losses to the builders. Senator
Hale Indorses the bill and has present
ed a statement of alleged facts relating
to these boats, which statement has
been prepared by Mr. Bowles, recently
chief constructor of the United States
navy but now employed by the Fore
River Company, and also acting as
claim agent for the applicants for re
lief. . As stated in The Call last week,
the destroyers were contracted for at
an average price of $281,750, and the
torpedo boats at $152,921. A naval board
convened In February, 1902, to ascertain
the actual cost of the boats obtained
statements from ten firms giving the
requisite, information, and on. April 2,
1902, recommended that the contractors
be paid one-half of the losses incurred,
and Secretary Long referred the matter
to Congress, with the following expla
nation: "It appears • • • . that the
plans and specifications furnished by
the department to the contractors for
the building of these boats, and which
were based \ upon the most successful
local and foreign experience, were not
impracticable and admitted of the pro
duction by development, with the ap
plication of skill and experience, of suc
cessful boats, but with a narrow mar
gin." This important contention by Mr.
I/Ong refutes the statement of Mr.
Bowles that the "evident defects In the
department's design rendered them Im
possible of execution." The chief
causes which led to the failure to come
up to the required speed, the excess of
cost and length of time were the abso
lute lack of knowledge of building tor
pedo-boats. Six of the contracting
firms had never built such vessejs, and
only the Union Iron Works, Bath Iron
Works, Columbian Iron Works, Gas
Engine Company and the Harlan and
Hollingsworth firms had had some ex
perience in that line.
CONTRACTORS TO BLAME.
Nevertheless, the inexperienced con
tractors . off ered to build, faster boats
than the department asked for and at
a less cost per ton than any previous
boats had been built for. Seven of the
destroyers and five torpedo boats were
built on plans submitted by the con
tractors, for the failure of which they
consequently became solely responsi
ble, and In the sixteen boats built on
department plans, where the margin
was narrow, the SDecifications were
not followed, and large Increases in
weiKht of material were made, with
consequent increase In displacement,
and where the boats were tried on the
designed displacement the majority
failed to come up- to the speed con
tracted for and barely reached the
modified requirement of a one-hour
run at reduced speeds. The failure of
the contractors to obtain material and
the consequent delay in construction
is another argument advanced for
obtaining relief, but such an excuse
would not be accepted by any private
concern for non-fulfillment of con
tract andishould carry no weight with
Congress.! Nevertheless, the bill of re
lief. Involving a gift of $2,695,450, in
cluding $539,600 to the Bath Iron
Works, is pretty aure to pass, as the
contractors and their suffering bonds
men and financial backers are located
in seven States, and are able to bring
the requisite influence to bear on their
Representatives in Consrress. The
annexed table shows the financial
statement regarding twentyvflve of the
destroyers and torpedo boats. In order
to make It clear it should be explained
that the column of cost to the con
tractors is that presented by the sev
eral builders. Thus, while the Colum
bian Iron Works took a contract for
'$168,000, it expended,; it is Raid, $264,
247, sustaining a loss of $96,247, and
Congress is asked to give the concern
366,300,. as a partial relief from its
losses through inexperience and lack
of business capacity. The following Is
the statement: *
CONTRACTORS.
Num.) - I I I Contrac-
of I Contract (Cost to Con- 1 Lots to Con- tors to be
Boats] PrJce. I tractor*. I tractors. Allowed.
Columbian Iron Works
Fore River Company
Ga« Engine Company ..;.......
Harlan & Hollings worth. ......
Lawloy & Son ' ;.
Maryland Steel Company
Neanc & . Levy........
Nixon. Lewi* . .
Trigs Company.
Union Iron Works. . ./............... ;
Total... ..."
2 I
2
3
3
2
S
S I
~2jrl"
■ ?1C8JTOO I ?2(U.247
062.1)00 8«14.WJ
I 42S.O0O I C71.CKJ
582.000 803.01)5;
.'I18.800 .102,074
838,000 1.240.034 ,
[ • 840.000 \ 1,1KJ,O25
I. 330 000 • . 8r>7.«?54
J)C1».2SO .1,061.117
\: 835,000 : 1, 0CO.«01r
$5,860,050 I $8,681,391
I $00,217
I 302.11)1.
I 24:1.003
227.59S
1JU.174
a«!2.n;:4
304.025
227.654
041.S67-
•■" 2U.«»01
I $2,821,341
1 $GO.SCO
I 1SH.-I00
" I 170.500
I 1C0. 40O
I 129,800
2i-.4.COO
273. COO
118,000
• B12.05O
267, 60Q
I $2,153,850
CONTRACTORS.
Columbian Iron Works
Fore River Company
Ga« Engine Company ..;.......
Harlan & Hollings worth. ......
Lawloy & Son ' ;.
Maryland Steel Company
Neanc & . Levy........
Nixon. Lewi* . .
Trigs Company.
Union Iron Works. . ./............... ;
Total... ..."
Accused of Stealins' Clothes.
George . Frederick * Brown/ 333 sixth
street, ; was .In .a- saloon at 398 Sixth
street early yesterday morning and left
'his overcoat and two; parcels contain
ing clothing and laundry on a. chain
Thomas McKcnna appropriated the ar
ticles and was arrested for petty, lar
ceny. -; . . -
Only Fraction of Week Remains to Social World for Ceremonious Entertain
ment, but Quiet Recreation Will Dispel Ennui.
. At last the lengthening shadows of
Lent are up*on us — but a fraction
of a week remains to the social world
for formal; functions. •
While with the advent of Ash
Wednesday formal affairs cease to be.
card parties, bowling parties, auto
rides and even "telephone" luncheons
are entirely within the legitimate
limit. These really are necessary to
the well-being of the busy hostess, to
whom complete cessation would mean
discontent. But blessed is Lent for
the rest it brings. :
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mrs. R. Cohn of 1213 Webster street
announces the engagement of her
daughter Ella to Harry P. Rosenberg:
They will receive Sunday, February 21,
from 2 to 5 o'clock.
-The engagement is announced of
Miss Tessie Meyer to Joseph Joseph.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Klarnet announce the
engagement of their daughter Ray to
Henry Cohen, both of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Charmak of 1936 Post
street announce the engagement of
their daughter Celia to Allan White of
Oakland.
The engagement is announced of Mrs.
R. Abraham to L Lessman.
WEDDIXGS.
Miss A. Adeline Smith and John A.
Percy were married Wednesday even
ing last at the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. J. A. Smith. 1010 Dolores
street, the Rev. Father Griffin officiat
ing. Miss May Smith, sister of the
bride, served as maid of honor and
James Madison Long Jr. attended the
groom. The young couple'were united
in wedlock in an arbor of eucalyp
tus blossoms hung with . numerous
pink bells. In the dining-room the
cc-lor scheme was yellow. At the bride's
table the decorations were white and
at the end of the table shaded to a
deep yellow. A large quantity of yel
low acacias were used.
The bride's gown was a white silk
applique robe over chiffon and taffeta.
She carried a shower bouquet of lil
ies of the valley. The bride's attend
ant wore a pink crepe de chine, with
white lace, and ,carried pink carnations.
The only jewel worn" by the bride was
a diamond brooch, a gift of the groom.
After a trip to the south, Mr. and
Mrs. Percy will reside at the Palace.
Miss Esther Halloran, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel A. Halloran, and
Percy Louis Peters were quietly mar
ried Saturday, January 30. Mr. and
Mre. Peters are residing at 1440 O'Far
rell street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Heinbach of Chico
announce the marriage of. their eldest
dau-hter, Mae, to Claus Jensen, eldest
son of Mrs Franziska Hirsch and the
late Fritz Jensen.
Miss Rose FIschlor. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. H. Fischler, and Jack' Harris
were united in wedlock last night at the.
Synagogue Keneseth. Israel on Russ
street, between Howard and Folsom.
Miss Dora Fischler served as maid of
honor, while Miss Minna Harris. Miss
Sadie Davis and the Misses Annie and
Bessie Cole were bridesmaids. Pete
Henschel acted as best man and Rob-*
ert ' Barth, Morris Harris, Max Cohen
and Julius Fischler were ushers.
This was the first wedding ceremony
performed in the Keneseth Israel Syn
agogue. ;
CLUB PARTIES.
C. L. A. S.',No.-2 is to give a euchre
party at St. Charles Hall, 390 Shotwell
street, this evening.
"At the last monthly musicale given
by Mrs. Isidore Myers, the following
contributed to the afternoon's pro
gramme: Mandolin solo by Miss Fred
ericka Ellingworth; vocal solos from
"Trovatore" by Miss Stella Samson;
pianoforte selections. Miss Eva Stern.
The programme was pronounced a
highly artistic success and the contrib
utors were the recipients of many
hearty encores: .
At the annual meeting of the Ladles'
PLASTERER ACCIDENTALLY
DROWNED IN THE BAY
Thomas Shirphy Meets His Death
While Preparing to Swim Out
to Sailboat.
Thomas Murphy, a plasterer, 28
years of age, who lived . at 524 Jessie
street, was accidentally drowned in the
bay at the foot of Webster street yes
terday afternoon. Murphy and two
friends, Jerry Knowles and Fred Renz,
went to the wharf about 1 o'clock, in
tending to take a sail in a boat which
was moored off. the wharf.
They could net reach the line to pull
the boat to the wharf and * Murphy
said he would swim out and get hold
of the line. . He disrobed and when
walking ,down the landing at the end
of the wharf to plunge into the water,
his feet slipped from under him on the
slimy surface and he fell backward,
striking heavily on the back of his
head.- He rolled into the bay and dis
appeared from view.
His two friends gave an alarm and
J. O'Rourke, 2924 Octavla street, and
E. Kollinger, Bay and Webster streets,
grappled for the body and recovered it
in about, an hour. The Coroner's of
fice was notified and the body removed
to the Morgue. Murphy was a single
man.
Seized With Fatal Illness.
Dennis Harvey and two friends en
tered the restaurant at 1649 Devisa
dero street early yesterday morning
and each ordered a steak. Before Har
vey had finished his meal, he complain
ed of feeling sick and went out to the
sidewalk. He staggered and fell and
Num.) - I I I Contrac-
of I Contract (Cost to Con- 1 Lots to Con- tors to be
Boats] PrJce. I tractor*. I tractors. Allowed.
I $00,217
I 302.11)1.
I 24:1.003
227.59S
1JU.174
a«!2.n;:4
304.025
227.654
041.S67-
•■" 2U.«»01
I $2,821,341
■ ?1C8JTOO I ?2(U.247
062.1)00 8«14.WJ
I 42S.O0O I C71.CKJ
582.000 803.01)5;
.'I18.800 .102,074
838,000 1.240.034 ,
[ • 840.000 \ 1,1KJ,O25
I. 330 000 • . 8r>7.«?54
J)C1».2SO .1,061.117
\: 835,000 : 1, 0CO.«01r
$5,860,050 I $8,681,391
2 I
2
3
3
2
S
S I
~2jrl"
was - carried back into the restaurant.
He was - removed to the Park Emer
gency. Hospital in a' patrol, wagon; but
was dead r when the vehicle; arrived
there. The body was taken to the
Morgue. : Harvey was an asbestos
worker and, lived at Third and Howard
streets.; Heart' failure : is supposed to
have been the cause of death.
United Hebrew Benevolent Society,
held February 3, the following officers
were elected:
President. Mr>. P. N. Aronson; vice presi
dent, Mrs. M. Davidfcn ; treasurer, Mrs. M. L..
Asher; secretary, Mrs. H. Lippman; trustees —
Mre. L. Brenner, Mrs. J. Preacott. Mrs. Sol
Getz, Mrs. W. Roeenben?, Mrs. L. Badt; coun
«ilmen—P. N, Aronaon. Mark Green. B.
Sheideman.
This society was established in 1S55
and is the oldest organization of
Hebrew ladies banded together in 'the
cause of charity. It has expended
$3500 during the last year in aiding the
sick and needy.
The ladies of the Deutscher Club will
give a leap-year party at Golden Gate
Hall Wednesday evening, February 17.
The El Salero Cotillon Club gave a
confetti party to club members on Feb
ruary 5 at J^inman's Hall. Twenty-first
and Howard streets. The young gen
tlemen returned, the compliments to
the young ladies,' who gave a leap-year
party a month ago.
Miss Jeannette Thomas and Fred
Belton led the german and Rudolph
Ginngg served as floor manager. As
it was a confetti party, the usual for
malities were laid aside at 11 o'clock
and the hall resembled a variegated
snow, storm.
The Ladies' Society of the St. Paul's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner of Eddy and Gough streets,
will celebrate the tenth anniversary
of the dedication of their church this
afternoon and evening.
Haven Circle No. % 494, Women Of
Woodcraft, will give a leap year ball
in Mission Opera Hall February 20.
A good time is expected, as the com
mittee has been working very- hard to
make it a success, socially as well as
financially. ,
This evening Young Ladies' In
stitute No. 7 will give a theater party
in Alcazar Theater, in aid of Its sick
benefit fund. Under the guidance of
its able and popular president, Lillian
Byrns, the membership is rapidly in
creasing, and a large representation is
anticipated at the next grand Insti
tute, which convenes in Vallejo in
July.
Several members of the California
Women's Whist League bowled at the
Jefferson Square Club last Wednesday
and passed an enjoyable afternoon.
The party included Mrs. Eugene Duf
fy, president of the league; Mrs. F. A.
Linz, Mrs. W. A. Richardson, Mrs.
Francis Young. Mrs. McCartney, Mrs.
Christlesen and Mrs. James F. Os
borne.
A match game of bowling will take
place at Jefferson Square Club next
Thursday evening, February 18, at
8:30 o'clock..
The following high scores have been
attained by bowlers at the Jefferson
Square Club within the last week:
H. Mlddleton. 25Q. 245, 224, 213. 210; F.
Mitchell. 232, 210; Mr. Burke, 235; Dr. Law
ton. 225; Mr. Jenne, 218, 210, 201. • -; ■;
Among the ladies Miss Ethel Cooper
has reached the scores of 176 and 174.
Mrs. W. A. Richardson has made 168
In one arame.
The Susan B. Anthony Club has ar
ranged a clever programme to cele
brate the eighty-fourth birthday of
Miss Anthony, to be held in Golden
Gate Hall this afternoon at 2 p. m.
Music and personal reminiscence will
form part of the entertainment. The
public is invited and especially all In
terested clubwomen.
HOME PARTIES.
Miss Nellie Besby was the guest of
honor at the domino party given at
her residence recently. The guests ap
peared in unique ! and original cos
tumes, causing much merriment. At
midnight a sumptuous repast was
served, when all unmasked. Dancing
was continued thereafter. Among
those present were-
Mr. and Mrs. H.Besby. Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Grant, Mr. and Mrs. M. Murray, Mr. and Mrs.
F.'Rockstrok, Mr. and Mr*. J. Tracey. Mr*.
Machfert. the Misses R. Berdahl. C. Besby, N.
Besby, . M. Burke, F. Murphy, M. Murphy, E.
Healing, A. Sind. N. Malley. N. Suelfoln; the
Messrs. O. Berdahl, A. Besby, E. Besby, J.
Beeby, W. Besby, C. F\ Butte, O. Branson. H.
Cantlna, L. Coriroy. B.lHarker, M. Mosley, J.
POSTCM FOOD COFFEE AND GRAPE-NUTS.
1 / Ten A I
I I Million ] I
1 \ Copies J I
1 OF THE FAMOUS BOOK, |
"The Road to
I Wellviljle."
I ■
I Are in the Hands of the 'People.
a 5 ffini I ■ i'|g£." AW^eEM
¥4 ' -
I "Replete with a quaint, unique philosophy, fascinating y
tj to young and old." t|
i You can get a miniature copy FREE in each package *
1 Postum Food Coffee and Grape- Nuts [
1 $GO.SCO
I 1SH.-I00
" I 170.500
I 1C0. 40O
I 129,800
2i-.4.COO
273. COO
118,000
• B12.05O
267, 60Q
I $2,153,850
McDonald. W. Radius. A. Shelter. A. Suelfoln,
E. Suelfoln. O. Sunbaum. R. Vaae.
Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Stern gave a
delightful reception, dinner party and
surprise last Tuesday evening, the. 9th
Inst., to their relatives in honor of their
elder son, Max Stern, celebrating his
twenty-first natal day. Planned sev
eral weeks ago by his parents and
friends, the affair was in the nature of
a complete surprise to the young
gentleman. The premises were decor
ated as a veritable garden of Ameri
can Beauty roses, carnations and smil
ax. After the usual hearty felicita
tions the young people took possession
of affairs and dancing and other
amusements were kept up until a late
hour. Supper was served during the
evening, and was made enjoyable by
the happy manner in which Samuel
Rosenheim, as toast master, voiced the
sentiments of those present in good
wishes' to the young man embarking
upon the sea of life. Speeches were
made by Mathias Meyer and others.
The recipient of these kind attentions
made a feeling address In response.
Among those present were:
Mr. and Mr*. Mathias Meyer. Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Rosenheim. Mr. and Mrs. Slgmumi
Stern. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Rothschild. Mr.
and Mrs. Slffmund Heller. Mr. and Mrs. J. >t.
Boas, Miss Alice L. Kaufman of New Orleans.
Max Stern, Miss Hannah Stern of Louisville,
Miss Sadie Rothschild. Adolph Stem. Abraham
L. Meyer, Miss Helen £tern of Port Costa,
Samuel Strrn. Isadore 9ren». Mr. and Mrs. .1.
M. Strauss. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stern and
Rdbert Heller.
Mrs. John J. McElroy charmingly en
tertained at her home, 1637 Golden Gate
avenue, Thursday evening in honor of
Mrs. David Kelly (nee Coleman.) The
parlors were beautifully decorated with
ferns and flowers. During the early
part of the evening the Kuests were en
tertained with musical selections, songs
and recitations. Those seated at the
table besides the hostess and Mr. and
Mrs. David Kelly were:
John J. McElroy. Miss lAuretta Murphy,
James Coleman. MU>s Helen Blake, J. J. Mur
phy. Mi»a Gertrude Flake, Donald McKlnnon.
Miss Catherine Cantwell. Leo Blake, K. I>.
Blake. Miss Carmel McElroy and J. Leonard
McKlroy.
Miss Martha Ohlandt was hostess at
a very enjoyable Valentine party on
Thursday evening, February 11. Mis3
Ruby Stolz assisted her in receiving.
The rooms were artistically decorated
with flowers and festoons of hearts.
Many excellent musical selections were
rendered durinj the evening. Those
present were:
Martha Ohlandt. Ruby Stolz. Bertha Noon
ermaji Sadie Dorr, Anna Ohlandt. Pearl Stolz.
Lottie Dorr, Mabel Crale. Edna Crai*. William
Dorr, Ben Outsen. Albert Noonam&n, Albert
Winters. Milton Moetmlnx, Arthur Outsen,
Henry Ohlandt. O. T. Palmer and Mrs. Dorr.
On Saturday evening. February 6,
Miss E. Gibson was given a birthday
party at the residence of her parents.
610 Tennessee street. Music and games
were enjoyed* until midnight when the
guests repaired to the dining room. The
following were present:
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Glbsca, Mrs. Btone. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Baston. Mrs. and Miss Mabel Bas
ton, F. Sabin, Miss K. Gibson. W. Sabln. th«
Misses S.. C, E. and J. Plutt, T. J. Baston.
Mis* M. Baker. F. McCormick, Mrs. E. Petrle.
F. Scoff, Mrs. G. Cheever. F. Ca*«Yer, J.
Burnett, A Baker.
PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Repsold. after re
siding two years in San Mateo. have
returned to this city and are now lo
cated at 632 Cole street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Brolly, late of
Los Gatos, were passengers on th«
steamer Ventura, Apia, Samoa, beins
their destination. They go to Join Mrs.
Brolly's parents, Mr. and Mrs. William
Dexter, formerly of Fruitvale, who
made Apia their home about a year
ago.
A. Van der Naillen Jr., who is con
valescing from a long siege of illness.
has left for the south, accompanied by
Mrs. R. Leo Van der Naillen. Misa
Gladys Van der Naillen and Mrs.
Lcupy. They expect to travel through
the south for several months.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Gerber and son
of Seattle are here on a visit and were
at home yesterday afternoon at 2070
Mission street.
Mrs. Slgmund Cahen, who recently
left for a tour of the Eastern States.
to be~ gone for several months, is at
present with friends in New York City.
910
©•o TO WANT IS HUMAN-TOHLL THE WANT 15 THE
THE CALL
JOHN X>. S7SECEELS, Proprietor.
Teens ccnxanigiicir^^lcKADGHT'.Kaiagr
\V. J. MARTIN* ..Business Manager
Ask for THE CALL The Ojwrator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson tt.
De'.lvered by Carriers. 30 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cent s I
Terms by Mall. Including Postage «eash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 >ear...?S<>o
DAILY CALL «inrlud. Sunday), 6 mo» 4 <>■)
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year Z-W
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ..... l.<0
rnpnr .. r Daily... $s SO Per \f«r Extra
FOREIGN J g un<lav . 4 ,5 rer year Extra.
POSTAGE. |_ weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Easiple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
'teERKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
■WASHINGTON COP.REFPOXDEKT.
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
Union Sauere; Murray. Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
tue Hotel and Hoffman House.
•
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treraont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE;
C. GEORGE KROGNESt^.-Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. ' 'Central
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS? OFFICE r,t The fan Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every merit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE? 1 :
lOi* Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ra.
P27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
r.«(t Hayes street: open until 0:80 l>- m.
«'^ri McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fir. Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
;<»41 Mission street: open until 10 p. ra.
2l'« I Market ftrert. corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m. -•
ir>; Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
I0M Valencia street; n^en fntil » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open crstil 9 p. tn.
Northwest comer of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 r- m.
2208 Fii'.rr.ore street: open until fl p. m.
lUSBTISG NOTICES.
ASYLUM OF GOLDEN GATE COM- _♦_"
UA2CDERX N«. If-. K. T-. «H25 Put- ISSr
ter street— Stated assembly THIS ES
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Order of W
Temple. All f raters are courteously - ■'■•
invited. Bv order of the commanil'T.
yyvr ' THEO. FROLU-H. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal <*>
Arrh Ma»<n.s nvels THIS EVEN-
ING; business: decj-^-s 5 and <5 /tT^
H. G. PRINCB, Secretary. — —
OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22. F. ar.fl m
A. M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING 'kAf
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By or
Aer of the master.
WALTER n. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING SOI>OMONS Lodge No. 260. ~F. O
and A. M . 1SC9 Ft'.lmore St.— First VV
degree THIS EVENING at 7:.'$0 /V\
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the Sth day of February. ISO*, at
the hour of II o'clrw-k a. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
rr.ay come before said meetlnr. Dated at
£an Francisco, Cat., January 23, l'J04. S.
1>. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
The above meetlnr adjourned until April
11th. 19C4. et 11 o'clock a. ra.
Feb. R. 19"4. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION" COMPANY — Th<- regular annual
meeting or t^e stockholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the office, of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street <rocm 4. second floor). In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
F'bruary. A. D. T.O4. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of *uch other
business as may urot>erly come before the
tweeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. February 13. iyO4, at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Honolulu Plantation Company, 327
Market *tr*et. San Francisco. California,
fan Frsnclsco. Cal.. Feb. 10. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — Kilauea Supar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholder* of the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
Itati^n Company will be held st the
efflee of the company. 327 Market et.
• rc^m 4, second f.oor). In the clt - and county
cf San Francisco. State of Callforr'n. on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of February. A. D.
l»04, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
tr-rve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of euch other business as may prop-
♦rly come before the meeting. Transfer books
• ill clc*» on Friday, February 12. 1904, at 3
o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS,
Secretary Ki!au«a Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. 327 Market st.. Fan Francisco. Cal.
Pan Francisco. Cal.. Feb. 0. 1904.
AGEXTS WAATED.
"BALTIMORE fTrE^ IIORRoiFITAgents'
harvest; big money selling my vivid and
realistic combination picture of the disas-
trous and terrible Baltimore fire and horrible
Chicago Iroqucls Theater holocaust, with
many other interesting features; most awful
and dreadful disaster for years; over 600
lives and $200,000,000 of property lost; ac-
tive workers wanted everywhere: be qulck-
»verj-b«>dy wants to buy; sample. 10c; 1 doz.
« 1 T l_ 10 ?^, fo r. * 6 = no free samples. JAMES
LEE. 1C2 A an Buren st.. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted In every city or town to
nanflle the "New rl904) Combination Diary"-
everybody needs it: everybody wants it- be
first and supply their wants; sample and
Jr^TV 0 aKonu - 1Oc - Address "COLUMBIA."
1005 K rt., Sacramento, Cal.
EVERYWHERE in California; solicitors to
Mil Kushion Komfcrt Shoes; modern im-
provements; hygienic, pneumatic; permanent
butlntts in exclusixe territory; liberal terms
Agency. 12.13 Broadway. Oakland.
•^•^T 5 w JL n ; ea - Ir -* 1 * or fem *le. every town
Northern CaJ.. Oreson and Wash.: enormoui
Profit,; ncthlng Ilk* It; stamp for circular!
Cellforcla Souvenir Works. 733 Eddy, 8. F.
FIRST-CLASS man to superintend agents-
good offer to right party; hig-h class, gocd
ceiucg proposition. Rocm 14. 305 Larkin st.
AC VF N^ IES ior , ever >' clt y <Jf the union for
the Maraul» Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms.
414 ypst st.. San t'ranclneo. Cal.
yXr ££7S, l> ~l 2 *?°* cal ' Em » n «n«l Solicitors.
Cf.il Monday before 12. 1007U Market, r. 1.
Having recently acquired tbrourn~«Tchan£«
cf property three $40 scholarships In the best
College cf Adx-ertlsime In the United States.
I will «cll them at :» per t -nt discount Tor
ct«h: the college teach«« advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to recure positions: catalogues fur-
r.:>he<! cr. t rrli^atlon. Address box 3026. Call.
jlTTOUXEYf -AT-LAW.
W H. BITTNER. ~~~
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Epreckels building
Divorces quietly aM legally obtained for
r ft: cause*; carnages secured fcr Injuries to
perton cr estate; icplevins for property ua-
iawfully detained: attachments and carnish-
tr.ents for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the C. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email Tee.
£ee ire ac<1 esve money; no pay tn advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Eftablithed 22 yre.; rm«. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl,
1122 Msrket ft., between Ma&on and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectlx-es employed.
R. W. KING. Attoraey-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611: established 20
years: all c»«e», general court and office prac-
tice: no f«e in advance or for consultation;
cveclC£S by a;i>cJEtn:er.t. Tel. Red 306L "
ATTORNEY-AT-LAWj— £ontInneiL_
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room K5. 016 Market St.; tel. John C22«.
DIVORCE — Costa. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market ft., r. 301 .
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market st.; consultation
free: no fee? In a<lvnnce: open evenings.
BOARDING TOIt CHlLJUIUa_N^
LADY wishes child to board; good home; sunny
yard. 2H«' a Tehama st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a. safe and profitable
business ot*nlng in San Francisco? If. so.
■we can offer vou any number requiring an
Investment from $l0O to *jO.O«.K): every busi-
ness opportunity that |>as»<rs through our
office must stand the closest investigation,
sr.d we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who Invested any
money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California,
Capital stock. $50,000.
927 Market et.; rooms 321, 322, S23, 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 in a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $2i> weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; Ml rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large dln-
lng-room, with IK tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy 1
throughout ; f.nest^of linen and best of silver
service; V) years' lease; price $10,000; easy
terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
tuied: highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $H>0 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estb. 3 years in S. F.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
1C> shares of eold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $21".; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$300 cash and services secure Interest in es-
tablished office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary: simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BARKER SHOP
For ?a!e; 4-chalr shop; centrally located and
pood, established trade; sickness of owner
corrnx'ls sacrifice of immediate pale.
•iERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4tKX> cash to take Interest
In stable established 10 years; $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
Being also importers and distillers and estab-
lished in San Francisco thirty years, desire
an additional partner, with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with J2rtOO cash In the manu-
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest improved mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — CANDY. CANDY, CANDY.
For eale; store and factory: wholesale
and retail; situated in the heart of city and
established about 25 years; low rent; long
lease: price $0<i00.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale; a high-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will Invoice about $5000.
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
6ecure partnership in established business In
this city and take charge of store.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 01*7 Market St.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale
and manufacture Of CARRIAGE and WAG-
ON MATERIAL; esth. 15 years; also work
and repair shop; sell at invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A— COMMISSION BUSINESS
For sale; butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts averag-e about $5«OO monthly; long
establ'.slud; price $2000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A. CAMERON A CO ....Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors... .$2«"K> to" $2500
Barber shops $500 to $25C0
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Grocerfes and bars $.VM» to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $:;.".'> to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $«0<i0
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood. and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, S Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale — One of the bent restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; rent
$40; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; first class proposition; will
stand strict Investigation; price $8000. CA.M-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. *
F. A, BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1840.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A — $775; CIGAR stand; Market St., near Call
bldg.; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade: 2Vi years' lease; cheap rent.
Only with BROOKBANK, 917 Market at.
A— $200; PARTNER in well-established office
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A — $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location: good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— $2000 BUYS a 20-room office building on
Market st. : clears $125 mo. BROOKBANK.
A— $700; SALOON: old established; finely fit-
ted; Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
don't fall to see this. BROOKBANK.
. -$700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnished: Al lo-
catlon; rent $40; part cash, balance time.
See BROOKBANK. 817 Market st.
New York Business Exchange, 33 Mason St..
near Market.; phone Folsom 2409.
BIk targains this week in rooming-houses.
bakerUs. delicacy and restaurants: square
dealing Is our motto.
A— $700— Wood and coal business; estab. for
20 years; income net $150; guaranteed biggest
snap en earth. 33 Mason st.
A— $1200— Restaurant and delicacy; fine
place; north Market; offer wanted: must sell
account of death. NEW YORK BUSINESS
EXCHANGE. 33 Mason st.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 993 Market.
$500 — Grocery and bar; 6 fur. rooms; lease.
$2CC0— Grocery and bar; lease; low rtnt.
tGOO — Road bouse; rent $20; lease.
$14(0— '.'0 rooms; baths; good furniture; sale
cr exchange: paying, proposition.
$175 — Bianch bakery; rent $14.
Groceries, saloons, cigar stands, branch
bakeries, road houses, rooming-houses, ranches;
large list. ■ . ■
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 893 Market.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular' subscribers at our office
only: commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the ret weekly profits; terms
for cur Handicap cbeets, S2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper,
rooms 1. 2 and 3, 113 Stockton et., S. F, -
A FIRST-CLASS manufacturing concern
wants to borrow $15,000 to extend Its plant;
will give first mortgage lien covering . 60
acre* land and $30,000 worth of improve-
ments thereon; money will all be spent In
improvements: business legitimate and
eearcblsr lnvestlratlon allowed; principals
only. Dor. 2321. Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15; 1904
IH'SI X E SS CIIAXCES — Continued.
A— $7M); SALOON; *stab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
Calllornla sts.; elegant fixtures: a good busi-
ness ana a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t>i4 Kearny st.
A— flCOO; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card anjl private rooms; kept by
owners lor years- i'ull«st Investigation so-
_J__U_d_See it. G. WILKE. 2ti^ Kearny st.
A— $5000; GRILL room and cale; the leading
establishment in Oakland: close to theaters:
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale.. See
R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $1200; PARTNER wanted In coffee saloon
and restaurant, .few doors from Market St.;
a well-paying business clearing about $300
per month, only reason for owner to take a
partner are the long hours for him: he needs
a good assistant. Call R. G. WILKE. 26',4
Kearny tt. '*;.';* ... ■
A— $1200; BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4V4 barrels
per day; daily sales $46; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2'J% Kcarny st. ■ ■ j
A— $0500— THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladles; a flrst-class paying place.
R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $12.V>— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market, and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; a splendid offer, bee R.
G. WILKE, 2tila Kearny st.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny St..
A— $2200; SALOON, with letse, estab. years:
vicinity Fourth St., Market and Stockton:
place sp»aks for itself; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— $5500— CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; 7 years' lease; establ. 30 years; clears
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKIE, 29%
Kearny st. *'-'<Xjp ____
A— $3250: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte: patronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on sick bed, otherwise $7000
■would not buy the business; lease and nne
flat. ,R. G. WILKIE, 26'/j Kearny st.
A— fl&OO; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife easily can
clear ?30O per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny -st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with 30 rooms. 45 beds; bar,
dining and reading rooms; 'lease for 3 years;
located 15 miles from this city; place clears
$300 per month. See R. G.. WILKIE. 2«>/j
Kearny st.
WESTERN* REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st.
Are up to rtate and try to please the public.
We handle branch bakeries, delicacy, candy
and clpar stores and lodging-houses.
$325 — Cigar stand, on transfer corner; must
be sold at once; rent $10; you cannot afford
to overlook this offer.. 1007 '4 Market st.
|200 — Restaurant; money maker; must sell
at once; rent $22. Western Realty, 1007% Mkt.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2500, part cash : corner
saloon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business, $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and" lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny St.
SHOE shop, un to date. In best location at
BerkelT Station; good trade; nice stock that
■ will Invoice about $4000: call at once and
see. D. L. JUNGCK. 2117 Ehattuck ave.,
Berkeley, Cal.
WILL eell at a bargain — Cigar store on a
principal business street, close to Market st. :
good permanent trade, laundry branch, good
clot machine trade, fine fixtures, low rent.
Box 124, Call office.
$6000: HARDWARE, locksmith, .saw filing;
latle and emery wheels; electric power: w/irk
for 2 men: living rooms; suitable for man
nnd wife; city. Address 2710. Call.
WANTED — To Invest In a good business
proposition: one that will pay me a good In-
come for Investment and services; give all
particulars. Box 2518, Call office. ■ ; -
FOR SALE — Feed and potato business In the
thriving city of Napa; on main street; [
owner must go East at once. Address P. O.
box 204, Napa. . . . ■■ ■
I WILL pay cash for a delicatessen store; one
preferred In a good business locality. Ad-
dress, with location and price, to box 2084,
Call office.
THIS is your opportunity: get in on ground
floor of . lumber company: shares now 25c;
soon be advanced. Box 2712. Call.
tl500 — OLD-cstablished corner grocery and
bar; big bar trade; no opposition; security
taken; no agents. Particulars 1S9S 15th. st.
Restaurant in manufacturing town near city:
completo In every detail: will r«nt to respon-
rlblfe party. J. Andersen. f*35 Market, r. 1.
'FOR sale— First-class saloon and cafe; Al loca-
tion; established for over 20 years. Box
2037. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a barber shop, established/
or will rent place in good location for one;
give full particulars to box 150. Call office.
I HAVE $50OO to invest in a profitable business,
whrre I can give my services also. Box 2553,
Call office.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house, 603% Post
St.: trouble between partners; must be sold.
$2."0— FINE stock of hair goods, counter and
■how cases; great bargain. 1153 Market st.
WANTED — A partner In a good river-boat en-
terprise. Bex 2055, Call office.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526, Call office.
SHOPROOM, 22x40. ground 'floor; cheap rent.
Broderick st.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
FOR sale — A good-tiaylng oyster cocktail busi-
ness. For particulars address box 2726, Call.
FOR Fale — San Joee agency of Chronicle. In-
quire of F. A. TAYLOR, San Jose.
A BRANCIt office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CAKPKT BKATING ASP' CLE ! AXING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. :>55-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; Ixcellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 094. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH tc CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harlson st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
33.1 Golden Gate nve. : telephone East 26.
COLLECTIOH'OmCB&
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. (5586.
FURNISHED new modern cottage. 4 rooms, i
Metropolitan ave.. Eighth St., near Harrison.
> CUBES BUPTTTBE.
WHO? — Hunter, 1206 Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 504-5-6 Callaghan "bid g., Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drUllcg and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office. ".
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, f 5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14, 1st
floor. Phelan bid., S06 Market, cor.- O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B. Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
Accordion, sunburst •■ and knife plaiting; '• double
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; 1 tel. Folsom 2121.'
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 1010 Mkt.'
FASHIONABLE dressmaking and shirt, waisti
a specialty MRS. L. STECK. 614 McAllister.
'; • ' ■ EXCIIAXGE..^; _ ■ ■ _^ . , y ■-
NEW $50 music box for good typewriter. Box
> 101, Call office. v
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CA MER0N~& CO., Fhone SoutlT^OSo"
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
- all kinds of business chances.
■ 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracta
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clear-
ing $400 to $tJOO per month; obliged to leave
city. ~:-?:\
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent: fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550. ..
5 rooms; Geary; rent $20;*flne little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $95; price
51800; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms; rent $85; lease; newlV renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $1600.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment nous- In 8an Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year. i 1
'J£ rooms; rent $85; well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance l\b per cent; fine buy; only
$1250. ■ ■ *
86-room family hotel; bonton location: fine
lease; clearing $500 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $760.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; prl- :
rate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30. to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation. • .;■; -..,.;
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $800.
25 rooms; fine corner: rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $80
month; part cash; must leave city; $1650.
7-room. new, modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture:
fine beds; furnished new in June; flrst-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing
$125 per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak fur-;
good carpets ; clears ?60; leaves 3 rooms for
landlady; fine opportunity to get good nous,'
reasonable.
71 rooms; elegant, new modern building: In
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
$250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms; rent $65; California St.; fine loca-
tion: good furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
63 rooms; Market st.: rent only $300: fine
transient house: very central; liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month: must be sold
within 10 days to settle estate: only $700 cash
to get In, balance time; big snap. |
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 6-year lease: running water: new
building; clears $150: $1000 down; $2800.
9-room, new, modern flat: 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; flrst-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
13 rooms: rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.. ° <■.'&*'
7-room flat; rent ?40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350. , .
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; bjautlful furnishings;
clearing $600 per month: every room full: will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
60 rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price $2000.
106 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date • house; all men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per '
month; one of the best buys In city.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black 6S>01. 777V4 Market St. .
Any house sold on easy terms.
A— 21 ROOMS: E*ldy and Market: a good buy
for $1200. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— MODERN. 103 rooms; bar connected; ele-
gantly furnished; private baths: long lease;
low rent; owner has other Interests. Particu-
lars with CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777%
Market st.
GRAND down "town, select transient house;
50 room, epaclous halls, nicely furnished; the
best proposition on the market: price Is right;
easy terms. Exclusively with CAL. IN-
VESTMENT CO. '
A — APARTMENT house, 42 rooms; new and
modern; most beautifully furnished house In
city; all filled with permanent tenants; long
lease; clears $200. Price, $5500. Owner
leaving city. Exclusively with CAL. IN-
VESTMENT CO., 777% Market st.
HOTEL, 85 rooms, new and modern, grand lo-
/ cation, superbly furnished; long lease, mod-
erate rent; very low price and easy terms.
See CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market.
EIGHTY-SEVEN rooms, newly furnished; elec-
tric lights: long lease; price. $6000/ $2000
cash required: paying proposition. CAL.
INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market st.
A — 65 ROOMS, nicely fur.; Sutter St.; long
lease; rents $3 50 room; fine money maker;
price, $6000; part cash; sickness the cause.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market at.
H. C. DECKER.
H. C. Decker, 906 Market st.: phone John 531.
Rooming-House and Hotel
Broker for over
28 years In San Francisco.
I have all the paying houses that are for sale.
All Titles Guaranteed.'
Money Loaned on Any House.
' Houses Sold on Installments. ■■:' ' .
See my special bargains.
186-room apartment-house; clears $1000. $15,000
20 rooms; Mission hi.; good buy $650
fi-room flat ; only $325
16 rooms; genuine bargain $1C5O
9 rooms; nicely furn.: fine location.... $700
12 rooms; Ellis St.: downtown $1250
3 rooms; upper floor: Geary et......... $175
7 rooms; Post St.: $150 cash* $350
33 rooms: for exchange; city or country. $2»HX>
CO rooms; hotel; clears $450 monthly. .. .$5500
27 rooms; a isnap; good location $1600
82 rooms; good corner: newly furnished. $6000
8 rooms; rent only $27 50; price $300
Call and get my bargain list.
H. C. DECKER. 00« Market St., opp. 4th. '
C. E. HINKLEY. . PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash; balance monthly payments.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low price. $350
. 34 rooms; rent $60; just think!... $1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor.......... $1100
0 rooms; rent $20: a pick-up... $130
20 roome; clears $80; rent $40 ...$S(0
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60.. .$1000,
1G rooms; rent $50? clears $63; terms... .$950
31 rooms; sunny -corner; rent $55 $1600
rooms; Market St.; liquor license. .. .$3500
12 rooms; California, St.; rent $50; snap..$750
10 rooms; Geary et.; clears $40; rent $2S.$50O
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 50; only ...$450
18 rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45. . . . ..$500
35 rooms; transient; lease. ...$1500
8 rooms; Post st.: rent $32: only....:. $250
12 rooms; Polk St.; . partially., furnlshed.$450
ATTENTION! — To RENT. : 74 rooms . FUR-
NISHED par excellence; MODERN steam
heat; PRIVATE • baths; elevator: GRAND
entrance; CENTRAL location; will LEASE
for 5 years. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
A— $3250; LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
Clearing. $250 per month: lease; located close,
. to Market' and .Powell sts.: all sunny rooms;
furniture Qrst-claBs; not all cash required.
' Call R. G.- WILKE. 26% Kearny st. i" -
A— $050: LODGING-HOUSE of l!0 rooms: rent
$100; located, close to Market: and Stockton;
good furniture and first-class paying. R. G.
WILKE. ZtiV, Kearny st.
LODGING-house. : 32 rooms; $3000; $1000 cash",
■ balance own terms; no dealers: north of Mar-
. ket st. " A ddress box ■ 26S7. Cal 1 of flee. ,
. EDDY,- 733-^-8-room - 1 flat; '.'all* new and -up to
data: sacrifice saJa. ' '-v ■ ' . ■ >i
■■':-.-■" ■.-■;. ', ■.... . ■..•-;■ ■/■ :.'..■ ■.."■; in'
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C Hearst bldg.. over Examiner -entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3<;07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business .strictly according to law.
SPOTLESSLY pure through and through; 14
rooms; well furnished; full of roomers:
clearing over $50 per month; worth $900;
price $."50. MARION GRIFFIN, room 400.
Examiner bldg. , ,
1. ATTENTION! Scan these ft lines.
2. The owner of a 44-room transient house
3. That is central and h-avily mortgaged
. 4. Has been quite suddenly called away
5. To tbe deathbed of. a near, relative
0. In a far distant .State.
7. And he orders the house sold at once.
8. A thorough investigation is solicited.
9. MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4CK5, Examiner bid.
THINK twice; first, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $1300; second, that, you
need only pay $500 down, for we will lend
you the balance, payable in monthly lnstall-
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
GENUINE bargain and good home; 26 rooms;
on Funny corner north of Market; splendidly
furnished; very reasonable rent; price $2250,
on easy terms.
. See MARION GRIFFIN.]
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable; 20 rooms
In heart of a high-toned portion of the city:
rent only $100; guaranteed to clear $90 per
month; this is on opportunity seldom offered;
It's a good little house; Investigate It at
once. .
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
SPLENDID 52-rcom corner bay-window house;
clears $341 ■ a month; long lease; low rent;
jf looking for a respectable money maker a«d
good Investment see MARION GRIFFIN.]
SMALL payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; NE. corner; 5 blocks north of Market;
price $1000; better see It before buying else-
where. .
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
EVERY room light' and sunny, with running
, water; splendid location; well furnished,
clean and In- good order; 17 rooms for $1500;
clears $S3; one of the best buys In San Fran-
cIfco.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
READ this item; corner' apartment' house of
150 rooms elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing $514 monthly; inexpensively
operated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent; clears 40 per cent
per annum on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 408 Examiner bldg.
OWNER in hospital causes, sacrifice of 31-
rooin; one block from Market; rent $110.
with a lease; reduced to $1500; will take a
flat in trade.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4^ Examiner bldg.
SUNNY corner hear City Hall; 23 splendid
rooms; steady, - respectable roomers; rent
$125; exact profits $14. r > monthly; don't fall
to make offer to MARION GRIFFIN this
week. ,
LARGE dividends and safe es United States
bonds; brand-new 48-room apartment house
clearing $2670 yearly: make an offer to
MARION GRIFF1N.1
BONTON family hotel on corner In fashionable
FUrroundings; 50 rooms; .. all outside; rent
$260; lease for 5 years; very best furniture;
velvet carpets: monthly profit $450; price re-
duced to $5500; cause dissolution of partner-
__6hlp;_see MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed 50-room house very
centrally located; elegantly furnished last
April In the best furniture and carpets ob-
tainable; electricity for elevator and lights;
hot water in each room: lease for 9 years;
income $400 over rent; all large single rooms
and roomers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
ECONOMICAN folk please pay heed; If you
have $150 cash you can learn how to save
your rent for 2 nice rooms and a well -equip-
ped kitchen and make $22 per month for
groceries by Inquiring of
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 40C Examiner bldg.
BONAFIDE, well established hotel with bar;
S3 rooms; large dining-room; fine barroom
with big trade; hotel always full of steady
boarders; get further particulars of ' my
agent,
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
COURT trouble troubles me and : necessitates
an Immediate sale of my 44-room house; rent
S125; lease 4 years; new building; cost me
$3.'i00 to furnish: a fair ofTer takes It; pee
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
NEW house 4 blocks north of "Market: 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent: 3-year lease;
most artistically furnished: will dear $200 to
$300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
A GEARY-STREET SNAP. i
16 rooms: beautifully furnished, clean and
fine; absolutely worth 3 times the amount
we ar« asking you, but on account of Im-
mediate departure will give it to you for
$!>00.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bldg.
A . JOSEPH SKIRM A
6 Eddy 6t., room 72. Phone Green 631.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! • SPECIAL!
GRAND SUNNY CORNER; 50 rooms; 2 floors;
5 years' lease; bes»t location north of Market;
quarter tiawed oak; brand new carpets;
STRICTLY an APARTMENT HOUSE;
clears $2lO over all expenses; COST over
$4725 75 to furni«h; to see la to appreciate;
only a SMALL AMOUNT of CASH Is neces-
sary;. must go this week: asktng $3500.
$8OO WILL buy a nice lodging-house, 16 rooms.
!K»3% Washington Bt., Oakland, If sold before
. March; speculators, don't miss it.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - ■ :
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2: readings dally. $1; develop-
- ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. P02 Eddy st.
DAWSON B»cs. — Special readings, 50c; abso-
lutely free unless correct: full names given;
our readings are best; -hours 9-8. tiOl Eddy.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night, 10c; dev.
circle WeH. eve.. 20c; read, dally. 121 Turk st.-
EDWARD EARLE. 1002 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Elate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy St. Phone Scott 887.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage, paid.
ri CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
! Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description. of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; Jf you are In trouble,
discontented, or not <«atisfled with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice la
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4568.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Tuik; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall 'as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. i HALL, Trance Medium.
Those desirous of a first-class reading may
call; no charge unless satisfied; tips on races;
cures drink habit; hours 10 to 8. Parlors, 463
Ellis Bt. ■ '
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card ■ readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
people In San ' Francisco since our arrival;
they were satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MRS. A.-.H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader; when others fail try me;
; good reading 10c 721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE, crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and • card
reader; business advice; sittings dally; 10 to
12 a.m., 1 to 7 p.m.; 25c up. 3S McAllister.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BAUMANN,- the well-known fortune-
:. teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. .
MRS. BROWN! clairvoyant, card .reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23% 6th; la. 25c; g. 50c
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
■ gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rmi.
•11-12; gives date?, names, * facts; • hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
. names; 1. 50c, g. $L\714 Franklin. nr.G.G.av*.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: si t-
tlngs dally. \ 448% Jessie St.; bet. 5th and 6th.
CHEAPEST ' and best In America — The Weekly
Call.- 16 pages. : sent to any address In - the
- United ■ States ; or - Canada one year for . $L
DnAlira rvald. ,
• EDUCATIONAL. .
NIGHT AXD^DAY^ SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of Interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty, instructors; private coaching; n!£ht
law school; instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; Indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal - engineering/ assaying: students have all
other privileges of the association If desired:
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men. strangers coming to th«
city, directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; "the beneficial Influence of a great
■ 'moral institution; our work is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges In the
United .States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; we are not In business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys. H. J. Me-
COY. General Secretary. San Francisco. Ad-
drees all communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH, Educational Director. ■
AY. RES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.: established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college . ref urnlshed with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul' Gerson
School of Acting now open; »PPj} can T ts , 1 , r **
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal: exceptional advantages,
largest school of the kind In the VV est: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Maaon.
WRITE to California Business College for In-
formation concerning February club dis-
count: on moving Into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; come and
Join the great school of the West: o-page
catalogue. 901-025 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical coileyea ;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford vrolta*
tor;* day and 1 evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 2O years. 1412 Polk at
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated: method. Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlo* N. Keller. 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. meeh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S(V4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WESTERN Business College, Odd Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch, typing, arlth..
'spelling, writing, etc. : day, eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted by
practical lawyers. R36 Parrott bldg.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 .»eary st.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 13» Post st.. room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ■ Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st — .Night class.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET*your*he!p arPINlTjAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecieanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church: chcne-Poi* 3666.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: teL Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. TeL Main 57£X
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
E3IPLOYMKNT WANTED FEMALE.
IF the Congregational Church or the Church
of England Is sending out any missionary to
any of the foreign lands, a lady wishes tn
go with them as an attendant. Address MISS
J. JOHNSON. Main Postofflce, 8. F.
GOOD, willln< woman wishes a situation to
do general housework; good cook; In city or
short distance in the country. 227 Minna.
ELDEKLY. reliable woman wants position In
small family; general housework. light
. washing: references. Box 2»R«>. Call office.
RELIABLE trlrl wishes position to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25; American fam-
ily. 365 Minna st. ; no objection to children.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position;
second work. L. J.. 827 Howard St.. room 22.
A GERMAN cook with four years' references
wants a place at $35 a month; German
cook, $40. MISS PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell; phone Main 5472; office
opens 8:30 a. m.. closes 6:30 p. m. sharp.
INTELLIGENT young man, 20. Swiss, only a
short time here, wishes any position; Is will-
ing to assist In general housework and cook-
Ing. L. A., 3925 17th St.. below Castro.
WANTED — By reliable woman, place as cook In
private family: city references: wages $30,
$35; city or country. Box 2737, Call office.
A PAST middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion; wagesv $15 a
month. Box 2708, Call office. •
WANTED — Position by a competent woman:
is a good cook and neat housekeeper. Please
call at 058 Mission st., near Sixth.
YOUNG woman wishes work In a restaurant
or chamber work In a hotel. Call at 403
Third st.
LADY wishes a few more engagements by the
day as seamstress. Please call 327 Golden
Gate ave.
GERMAN girl wants position as waitress In
private family. Address MRS. BROCK-
/ STEDT. 1602 Benton »t.. Alameda.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
washing ' and cleaning. Address 3207 Army
st., near Folsom.
AN experienced stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper desires position. 2651 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position. Box 204S. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
A FRENCH chef from New York. 7 years in
obe of the most prominent hotels and cafe
wishes permanent situation. Address
ANDRE'S, 317 Stockton st. ; phone Mala
1304.
COLORED boy. 22 years old, would like a job
driving waron; knows the city well; or
would like a Job as porter; will work. Box
2691, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 33. wants position
as nlKht watchman: can furnish reference
Address I. B., 730 Folsom St.
YOUNG man wants position washing dishes;
experienced. JOE AVEYARD, Metropole,
147 Natoma st.; tel. John 6711.
COFFEE man. with knowledge of roestlng
; wishes situation In wholesale house Box
t 2CS9, Call office. t
YOUNG married man desires position tn Oak-
land; steady and reliable. Box 1037, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants) . position as man about
_ place or housework. H. J., .box 2686. CalL
WANTED— Situation by a competent coach^
man; Is skilled in the care of horses; city
or country: best of references. Inquire
- GEORGE ROSEBERG. 813; Sutter st.
WANTED-^Posltlon on private place to take
care of horses, cows and lawn and garden-
wages from $30 to $35 and found. Address
Box 1035. Call office, Alameda.
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper, shipping or
bill clerk by steady, experienced man of 2s-
references: am not afraid, of work.- Box
2732. Call office.
WANTED— A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call office. Oakland.
BRIGHT, boy of 16 wishes to work in whole-
sale bouse or learn a good trade; best of ref-
I erences.. Box 2709. Call office.
EMPLO YMENjr_JJVAj-tTED-— M ALE.
REPRESENTATIVE calling on wholesale and
retail grocers and bakers In West Pennsyl-
vania East Oulo an.l West Virginia wants
good line on commission: references ex-
changed. Address J. li.. 61U Lowell at..
E. E.. Pittsburg. Pa.
A RELIABLE man. 40 years of age. who
neither uses Mquor ncr tobacco, wants posi-
tion on bay, grain or stock ranch; handy at
blacksmithing, harness making, etc.; best of
, refer* nces. Box -50'J, Call office^
GARDENER, first class. «ingle. long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a Drivate place: references. Ad-
dress H. H.. box 2U3O, Call office.
ACTIVE young man, general office man. speaks
and writes the English. German and Scandi-
navian languages, wants any position; mod-
erate salary; best references. Box 2506. Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper having business
occupying part time desires employment for
remainder; experting accounts or putting
books «o arrears up to date. Box 143. Call.
SITUATION wanted by mK'-le-aged man.
wife and grown daughter: want poultry or
stock ranch to run on shares or wages. Ad-
dresa J. M. SLACK. 40O Ninth st. r
A GOOD poultry man wishes a position: un-
derstands Incubator and brooders. Address
J. II..' Call office. . rii ?V.
RELIABLE man of trust and best references
wants position In wholesale house. Address
725 Polk st.
BOOKKEEPER or other position; good refer-
ence- long experience; state salary or wages.
Box 2746. Call office.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tlnter wants
work: very reasonable. "WILLIAM HAPP.
434 Fulton St.; phone Page 1421.
A YOUNG man wants position as bartender:
city or country: steady and reliable; refer-
ences. Box 273.1. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cigar clerk, with best refei-
' ences. would like a position In a cigar store.
Box 2738. Call. j
TEMPERATE young man wishes position as
stableman or teamster: experience. Address
C. N.. Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
BY a trustworthy man, position as night
watchman: can furnish best of reference*.
Address I. B.. 758 Folsom st. -
AN all around good carpenter wants work;
city or country. 1804 Sutter St.; teL Scott
3281. ., ■■■ .-: -
WANTED — By experienced bookkeeper, small
set of books to keep In evening: rates very
reasonable. Box 183. Call.
A POSITION as heal waiter, flrst-class country
hotel; references.. Box 2511. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants" to wait at lunch counter
and do porter work. Box 2054, Call office.
GARDENER wlahfs situation; practical and
Industrious. Address box 2044. Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as cooSc
and housework in good family. MORINISHI,
031 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE honest young boy wishes a posi-
tion to do housework or any kind work.
T. n.. 1805 O'Farrell st. .
GOOD Japanese boy wants work and attend
school: understands everything. M. NAKAO.
431 Stevenson tt., city; tel. Jessie 2331.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new, healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness a»e. ; tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL. . .
~~~ 4l£ PER CENT ~~~ ~~~
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 9
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 California
st. A. A. Watklns, president ; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: S. Prentiss Smith,
treakurer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab, attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd.
directors; Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $5,000,000: paid In capi-
tal. $1.0CO,0CO; reserve fund, $2CO.00O.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET. •■
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list ■
service absolutely free; take advantage, of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department: let us g!v«
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 10GD Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
GREENWICH. 2234. nr. Stelner— 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms; newly papered and painted: no
objection to colored people. BURNHAM St
. MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
LARGEST lfst of new flats and houses: call
for prlntM list. LYON & HOAG. 118 Mont-
gomery st^ ____^_^____
A SWELL up-to-date 8-room flat. 3323 Twenty-
fourth St., near San Jose ave.
ELLIS, 824 — 5 sunny, elegant modern rooms;
$45: onen 2 and 3:30 ■o'clock.
GEARY. 1237. cor. Gough — 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms: sunny.
FLAT. 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
rent $27 50. Key 2948 Mission st.
FLAT of four large 'rooms; ren* $18. 531
Grove st., near Laguna.
FLAT of 5 rooms to let; furniture for sal«u
606% Baker st. : key In rear.
UNION. 1350*— Upper sunny Cats of 7 rooms
and bath; grand view; rent reasonable.
$25 — 640 GROVE; fine fiat, 6 rooms and bath:
sunny side; modern.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
1. JTJ
MISSION. 1148 — A sunny flat. 4 rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms. 913 Capp st., near
Twenty-fourth; key at 913% Capp st.
GOLDEN Gate Ave.. 439— Furnished fiat of 9
rooms for housekeeping.
NICELY furnished: 7 rooms; modern through-
out. 1256 California st.; call 12, to 2.
$15— TO let. furnished sunny 4-room flat. 2329
Washington st.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
CHEAP— Beautiful, newly furnished fiat; six
rooms; call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
Fi'RMTUttE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of 8 rooms; all modern;
some blrdseye maple; carpets the best; dlnlna;
room and kitchen furniture, dishes, etc.; coal
and gas range. Box 205S. Call office.
FURNITURE of 9 rooms for sale: nearly all
quartered oak; carpets Brussels and Moquet;
see and make offer. Box 149. Call gtflce.
A — $100 NO. T combination coal and gas
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st.
FUR.MTURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture .• nd mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 181S Mkt.: tel. Howard 275*
HELP '. V A> TE D FEMALE.
A YOUNG, strong. Irish Catholic girl as kitch-
en matd in a private family; $25.
A competent nurse for two very youns
children; wages $35: place In city; references
from' last place neceasary.
A waitress and parlor maid for large fam-
ily In city; $30.
A German cook; $35.
A. laundress and chambermaid; $30.
Twenty housework girls for city and coun-
try; $13 to $30.
A cook on a ranch; $30.
. . Nurse for infant: San Rafael: $23: refer-
ences necessary. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell; office opens S:3(X
closes 5 :3D p. m. .
A NTTRSE. $30; laundress. $30; 4 cooks. $30
and $35; houseclrl. fciO; ranch cook. $J5; 6
second ■ rirls. $C5; laundress and chamber-
maid. X20> MRS. NORTON*. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER. $C5: waitress, city; nurse
girt. $•-!<>: lt> glrla. housework. $15 to $;U».
S. J. BEAN. 17 Fourth st. ; phone Bush 107.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdrssstnr
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
Jn 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. £33 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn milliner}- new for sprlne *e_~
son: both seasons taught from start to Hn'1'1
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers?
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wkup .
day and evening class. 143 Stocktobst.. r. l\.
A— LADIES. to learn all branches halrdresslne
trade manicuring, massage, etc. ISasur-
»t wifV- Jonea - room W: Portions securej
at "highest wages: day and eve, class; call
TALENTED amateur performers iimi» ••
Chute. < p. a. Wednesday" £!Tr> no^blec"t *?_?L*''^5^ r EMALE Con.
AN E&clieh butler with good city references
war.tt a pla<-e in city or country. Send word
to "BUTLER. ' care MISS I'LINKETT.
«» butter Ft. m-ar Powell; or phone Meln
• «.z Office .its- J>:3o a. m., closes 5:.Ji>
t> : tn. sharp
GIP.LS about 1C to work in far-tcry: good
»ap*-F; steady employment. Apply at once,
AMES A HARRIS, 100 Sacramento et.
sewing machine operator5 and riv-
eters: no experience necessary;
paid salary. levi strauss a co.'s
factories. 324 fremoxt st.. and
1e73 mission. near fifteenth.
GIRL for irrneral housework : plain cooking;
*rnall family; waces $20; will Increase if
_ suited. I*K'4 Rrou/lway.
DRESSMAKER want* flrst-Cas* wai« finlsh-
frs MRS. BRYANT, ffi? Mission fl.
NEA7 eirl for irrneral housework and cooking;
no washing; wage? $25. 1 Foott »t.
YOUNG clrl. light housework; no washing.
V.fJU Sutter ft.; call after fl.
GIKI.S tr> learn making leaves and flowers.
• 7T>4 Larkin »t. Frame More.
DESIRABLE rosit'.oa with house
•-pen to mature woman with smell capital;
commission. Bcx 2717. Call office.
WANTED — Miafile-apeiJ German womnn for
housework and cooking. 126 Eleventh st.
GIRL, areneral housework, Monday; Fmall fam-.
. Sly. 4200 California, cor. 4th ave. ; Eddy cars.
FMALL German rlrl wanted to assist with
housework. 1373 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED arlove maker*: welted Eure-
• kae: steady. CARSON GLOVE COMPANY.
123 ffecond »t.
YOUNG women, good education, train for
cureee; private hospital. Box 2008. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church *ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
' ef advertisements and subscriptions has been
Opened at 1008 Market «t.. cppcalt* Filth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
634-C36 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
rWW We Gave 1J»O4 We Hone to
•CO.OQO Men Work. Increase at. 000.
WE SHIP DAILY
TO
PRESCOTT. ARIZONA.
:,no laborer* for ceneral work: steady work.
VIA SANTA FE R. EL
. . ARIZONA.
P10 miles. Cloce to Preacott. $3 10.
4 machine miners, good gold mine, south, MO.
. 2 hydraulic miners, pipe wrrk. 5S2 5t».
Fanner and milk. Santa Clar,* Co., S-.2 fd.
Plumber, country job. ranch cook. S25 & fa.
Dtr.ir.g-rocm tttward. country hotel; man
ur.d wife. mine, wife as waitress, man as
t-horerr.an. $60.
Holdnmker. terra cotta wcrkF. near city.
• •arriape trimmer. Old Mexico. Tree fare.
Hutcher. country fhor. south. <4C> and found.
Nurse, country institution, see party here.
*:«• and found.
German-Swiss milker, north, fare paid. $^5
and found: Swiss or Portuguese milker,
country, fare paid, t*0 and found; gardener,
***> tos* hfre, $30 and found; married labor-
ers, country-
WOODCHOPPERS.
5« woodchorper* tor a r.ew camp; good
ground, good timber.
Redwood, fcwc: cine, $1 25: hardwood. $1 W).
Tor a big lumber company; a rood chance
TO MAKE H1G WAGES.
MURRAY A HEADY; <i.".4-«aii Clay Ft.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
526— Montgomery at. — VIC. •
Phone. Main 1191 — Upstairs.
5 carpenters, north. $3 25 daj-; 3 coal miners.
Oregon. fare returned; waiter and wash
d'.tfces. mine board Ing -house, $30 and found,
German preferred; 2 pruners. orchard. 15e
nour. south; 5 laborers, t> hour?, Nevada: IS
woodchoppers, north. 4-ft. wood. $1 U oord;
10 •woodchoppeif. J*Oc. $1 25 and SI .".<) cord,
north; ranch cook, easy Job, $25 and found.
FOREMAN for dairy. $50 and found; married
farmrr. man ard* wife, private family. S40
and founrt; cook and wife. $55 ar.d found;
milker and wife; t-har»er man. $3 <iay. and
Otter*: J. F. CROEETT & CO.. f» Facra-
mento st. '
AN Englishman as val«-t; must have reliable
rerereno-*; «5O. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st.. near Powell: office opens 8:3© a.
m.. closes 5:3O p. ta.
BUTLERS— 2 wanted for eame hous*; 540
*arh: reformer*. THE DOMESTIC CLUB,
'££& Gear}', room SB.
A MAN and wife, *«0; nee party 10 o'clock.
MKS. XOKTON. 313 Pinter rt.
BAKUER9, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau hius re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 15C4 Market «t.
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148. JOS.
ll. ELE1LY. Sccx-etarV;
• Men to learn the barber tra4e In two month*
a~<1 fcure good positions: catalogue and full
Jr.rormatlon trailed free. MOLER System
College. €35 Clay «t.
WANTED For U. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35;
eitix*ns cf United States, of rood character
and temperate h&biti. who can speak, reaj
and write English. For inrormaticn apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building. N«w
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, cr llEJS 6rc-
end et.. fiacramento. Cal.
v.HT psy btg price* to have your shoes Lalf-
ECled when you can *et It done for 25c. f>0c
and 60c •vl.ilt- you wait at BSI Mission at.,
bet. 1st and 2d «ta.. or 11 Third st.
VYEAD-OL.D boy wanted to learn the palnt-
urg trad*. A:>c!y P.. J. GETZ, 22S Battery.
THREE-CHAIR, well-paylns. 'ity barber shop
';,; sale. Inquire WILL A. FINCK.
I AH HER ehop for sale oa time. 1TO8 Polk
tttvtt.
KARBER «4>op for sale cheap: price $200. 2SC9
'■tli.'ornla <t.
bARBER tfcoD for Bale: 3 chairs Meady; Sat-
urday and gunday. 137 Slxih St.
BAR~BEr. fhot) in hotel: 3 chairs; sacrifice.
1 Krtoklln nt.. corner Market. ■;
W ANTED — First class job prwsman for plat-
«ti presses. Steady employment . for good
rr.an Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO., 741-
T45 Market «t.
WANTED — Job compositor for all-around
work- permanent position to good hacd. Ap-
ply SANBORN. VAIL it CO.. 74L-T45 liar-
* k«t ct.
T/T£ ?CTEI>— Experienced solicitors, men an4
ucata, to handle •merchamiise contracts;
E oo<J compensation; easy proposition to
riacc; lnvestlpste. Royal Mercantile Co..
*mte 1J>, Columbian 'y.it-. or CS2 Broadway.
' Oakland. ' \
VTA VTFD— Laborer* snd mechanics to know
that E<! P.olkin. Reno House proprietor hat
atitied 100 new roonu to the IVnver Hou*e,
»j7 Third tt. : 250 rooms: 23c to SOe per night.
WANTED — Men and women to learo the bar-
ber tradT Call or addrew WESTERN COL-
1-ECE OF BARBERS. 047 Commercial Ft..
Ssn Francisco^
TAILORS Good pants and vest maker wanted
forth* 'country. AHNSTEIN. SIMON &
CO.. Market and Second «ta.
WANTED— A first -cla»s carriage blacksmith at
rood ware.. Apply to A. MEISTER A SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal. _____
A F1P G T -class traveling salesman for a large
local tailoring firm; do not «PP>y u " lf> ~
thoroughly experienced. Arply box 2C92, Cat..
J.%0 YOUNG men. 18 year* of age.^to .Join «o-
cial military organization. CaJl S. twSA.Mtv,
473 Valencia ft., bet. 6 and E p. m.
WAV who thoroughly understands printing
butinens fr-r euperintendent; Bood •*•'?.?£.,!£"
rition up-to-date man. Perr.au Pros-.w Clay.
TRT cur men's shoes, union made at $1 and
SI B0 pair; foot-form she** «t Vt M>: we pay
exprw<<r mall charge*. 11 3d «C. Exam, bid.
PENSION *TTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis *t.: 14
years* prart |c *: reference* from thousand* or
feraen* for whom I have aecured pen*loc*. _
A~fiTRONG boy~w*nted. Call 3305 Seventeenth
ttreet.
WaNTFD— Good penman, with thorough offlce
training. Addnt* Box 2TC4. Call ofoce :
WE want t»o more live, pushing salesmen.
Apply at 300 Poat «t.. from 8 to > «. m.
TWO-CHAIR barber fhop for sale: clears over
$20 meekly. 1H PoIkjBt^ ,
WANTED— Ojyter nan. <£» Seventh »t.. Oak-
land; caJ* 2 p. m. '
BAP.BEItS. attention — Snap: shop and 2 llv-
tnr rn>«.: furn.; rent $6 per mo. 90 Harriet.
2-CHAin barber thop: will »ell cheap; going
East. Address bcx 241. Lofll. Cat.
MAN to <3o janitor- work for tuitfon In 8. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard ft. . -
SAILORS and ordlnsry cearncn for deep-water
tfalpa. Apply L>E>T'S place. 2« £te-_*rt St. '_'
nELP WAXTED — MALE — Continue*.
n^EJt^JWAXTED — MALE — Conffnneil.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fi:th floor. .'lOo Larkin si., for free information
at to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or eveninr?.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
Jl CO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthoivdlc Fhoes. $:{ 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third Ft.. Kxam. bl<ig.. 5 doors from Market.
PENSION any.. E. A. Bullis. room 4O.~Pheian
bldg. Pant Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. G-A.K.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third stl. near Mar-
ket— 70a rooms, 3T>e night; readlng-rocms;
fre» 'bus and ban gage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
tit advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at JOOS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, trlightly damaged, half
Trice. r,C3 Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
Cr.T your shoes balf soled while walllnx: 25c
to T.n<-. rra Minion «t.. b*»t. lrt and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WACOXS.
WAXTED — A good sound horse for express
wagnn. Box 151, Call office.
5o ASSORTED buggies, surreys and wagons
_^at cost trice. K.O4-S Folsora st.
FOR mln — Six second-hand express wagons
and two trucks. 233 Beale st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 6.'t2 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2<J-hand wagons, buckbd.sur-
r<-y.ham»Es.work.<irivlng horses. 15th-Valencla
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED llrt of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G.H. I'MBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 1546 Tavlor St.; 10 rooms and bath.
Apply 020 Broadway.
MCALLISTER. 1200 — 12 rooms, bath and bll-
llard-roi'm; $00; water free; modern.
BEFORE movirtc get cur printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HO WELL. 25 Po«t St.
BOUSES TO LET — FURXiSHED.
FURNISHED S-room Paclfie-a venue apartment
flat: ever> thing new. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY C46 Market st. /
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
$C50; MUST s«>ll to-day; parties going away;
S-roomod house: new furniture. *1009 Sut-
ler st.
TURK. 126. near Jones st. — House of 7 rooms;
nicely furnished; sacrifice for $350 cash.
IXyi-:ST.MEXTS.
BONDS?. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-raying securities for sale.
CEKMAX1A INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Suvinc*
and Loan Society of San- Francisco in the
name of Henry Younff, No. 2tt8-23L The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Small gold watch ; Elgin movement; In-
itials S. D. on front of case. Reward return
415 Montgomery st.. room 4.
$20 REWARD — Silk umbrella; crook handle,
made of gun metal; E. H. enzraved on han-
dle; keepsake. Return to Palace of Art, 16
Post st.
STRAYED— From 2525 Van Ness ave.. brlndle
Boston terrier: Please rertrr; liberal reward.
LOST — GoU footliall charm; engraved "Stan-
ford anil Bprk«-l<-y. ls;<S" : reward. Address
J. R. WIIIPPLE. box 5. Nllr*.
LOST — Brown cigar case. Inscribed "Josephine
to Richard— Christmas, 1803." 7»6 Castro
et. ; reward.
LOST — Vicinity Geary and Broderlck sts., silver
medal. Initiate S. D. C. Return 171S Baker
»t.; reward.
MEDICAL.
CADIES desiring safe, sure and quirk relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
rmthody are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant feeg; 17 years' exj>erlence in all
female- disorders: call or write without delay;
advice free- corre»rK>nden<'e confidential.
DR. WHITE. 7<C Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief tuaranteed: 30
years" experience; removed to 821 Post, st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief g-uaraiiteej. 1008^ Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. OTONNELI.. — All who are sick or
in tro-ble consult this specialist on female
complaints: iicfitlvely corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. # Office. 1018 Market et.
CATARRH. DFAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
poeitivfrly cur«>d: r.ew method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. V>r. Cottlnghain. 204 Gutter St.
MUS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market.— Reliable ladles"
socialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees..
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 0; 2j years' exper.
L>R. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladies: con-
sult him free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. iJain 4S1.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth: ladiex. relief or no fee; $10. .
DK. and MR«. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Dlt. NG TOY KKE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseaws rured by herb?.
~ .MIXKS AND MININO
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns on<» of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20.000 shares
of its ftock at 25c a share, the par value
being $1. ilr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln-
lug expert. Is in charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will
l.i tc i- a share within the next 12 months:
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken out cf this mine at the offlc: of tnelr
fiscal agents,
GERMAX1A INVEST. CO.. 027 Market t*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WObPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATEUITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engine?, pumps,
pulleys, Fhaftlnc, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — FINE -ults f~ 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Mtsflt Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny «t..
Dear Bush; optn to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYF. sells or rents Rear machinery, en-
gines boiler*, water pipe, sbaftlnr. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS, sllchtly used, sold at ccst;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale — Best~~$2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. .".30 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at, $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes, at $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3t£c ROLL and up: fine wall paper: samples
mailed: painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holstein bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
RTOCK YARD. Son Bruno road.
AUTOMATIC machine for sale, rent; all kind
repaired, sold. 2244 Mission St.. near Nine-
teenth.
LARGE carriage, victoria and coupe. 1011
Sutter st
FOR SALE— Gasoline schoonef; cap. about 30
tons. Apply N. SULLIVAN. 28 Rltch st.'
FOR sale — 5 billiard tables and 1 pool table
In (rood condition. Dox 2693, Call office.
MAHOGANY bar fixtures; 30 feet long; gaso-
line launch. «18 Third st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
rutnd. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
MILES of pipe and fittlngf; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
SOME rood second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
ELOT machines cheap; Chicaproes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes: see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. VtnKew. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery et.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
6A KES — New and recond-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market et. .', ■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 1904.
mgrKLnxnoi;* for sale — cow
A ROYALLY grand tet of Jewels from Europe;
carbjnclf-s nnd diamonds; cost ICO guinea*
($52.*); will sell fcr $10O. R. 1. 308 3d st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baeigalupi, 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Montg"y.
M I SCEI.L ANEO US WA XTS^
WANTED — A runabout automobile: must be
in first-class condition: gasoline power pre-
ferred; state full particulars. Box 152, Call.
WANTED — To buy Empire diamond contracts
below $3000. Box 2722. Call offlce.
LARGE second-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market st.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries H. C. HOLMES,
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wantTgood" second-hand clothing and
th°atncal goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN ' MUKFHTV?
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Pave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When Yott Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houees. without
security: easy payments; largest businesa In
4<S principal cities. Tolman. S53 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$'J5 up;quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-40. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried peopl? without security; on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT Ir-w'-st rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; i:o commission .-installments accepted.
BONELLI. Ml Eddy, Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianoa: .no removal;
lowest rate; cary payments; no commission.
1170 Market St.. room C8.
MONEY lonned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO . 7CS Market «t.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry - P«r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
Z'H ON furniture A pianos: 15 up; no removal;
no ccm. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy at.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bulldlnn. 708 Market st.
STAR I^oan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employer. R. 311. Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
<p<3ors«T. HORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE SELECTION OK PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chlckering:; walnut case; nearly new.
Hteinway: at>out a year old.
Ivnabe; walnut ca-«e; finest, largest slxe;
nearly new.
Steinway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case; largest size.
Standard; oak case; good as new.
Haines Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
cane; nearly new.
Steck; largest size.
Steck; medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns; good condition.
St«?fk grand piano; good as new.
Steinway grand pluno; in good order.
PRICKS FP.OM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIAXOS. 1
In'-l'jdint: Fuch makes as Weber. Stelntrar.
Haines Kranlch A 13ach and others, from
$10 up.' BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
Chiekerlng Agents.
Curtaz buildlnc. 1(> O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ONLY piano house in the city that will rent
you a new plaro for $3 per month and allotv
6 months' rent and cartage off purchai«
price; sole agents for Mel 'hall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5C0 Havei.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b<» sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1630 Market St.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new arid
second-hand organs; very easy payment*.
403 Market St., second floor.
NEW pianos «cld on $3 monthly payment*.
JOS. SCHMITZ &. CO., 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good (is
new; $i:;.*>. 2:t7 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Strck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.iSS O'Farrell.
SOHMER, P.yron Mauiy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-31 2 'Post at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placa.
QFK1 CE8 AXI> STOItES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices, to rent.
Apply 140 Geary at., opp. City of Paris.
1 ' KRSOXALS «
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its Krowtli, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; do stain or uticklness;
cleanses &calp;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapcr and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
NOT bow cheap but bow good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Kotary
Standard, the sewing machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrsss Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corn-r Sutter St.: fee moderate.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
GOLDEN GATE, 300, corner — Laundry, barber
'shop, clears, tobaccos, newspapers, suits
cleaned.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemiehPii removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a i-ure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co..
997 Market st.. room 203.
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at 'CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs. Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. near
9tb; Prof." Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary at., has moved to 213 Post at.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room in.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A' Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 $0; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions haa been
opened . at - 100S Market st., opposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAPERHANqiNp. Py x 33^^ E J T C'
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting,
Hartmann Paint Co.; 819 Third; tel.Mala US.
RKALESTA TE—^i^^^SJL^S^E;
~ wv ~~~~~ "wwT'gunn^
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Uuildlng.)
$0000— A splendid buy for a builder; north-
west, sunny corner; '137:6x137:6: the
cheapest 50 vara lot In the Western Ad-
dition; cars pass; ready for building'*.,
grand marine view: well located; sewers
on both streets: builders call on us for
particulars about this fine purchase.
$5000 — Northwest corner. Western Addition,
with a beautiful marine view; fine sunny
corner; cars pass; 7 flats can be built:
all the flat* bring high rentals in this
block on account of the marine view;
the Feller will make concessions to the
buyer: an offer is wanted.
$2100 — Webster corner. 25x100.
$10.000— Webster corner. 110x100.
$6r>00^ — Larkin; 2 flats, each 0 rooms and bath-
room: 41 -foot frontaue.
$9500— Broderick comer: 2 flats.
$50,000—2 grand corners; sunny side; Western
Addition; 275x137:0: finest, residence site
In the city: the marine view Is grafld.
$13,7<Xf— Green st: tiSxHtt: overlooks the Pr»-
sidlo; on eunr.y side; grand marine view;
elevated: sitely; a fine lot.
$1S5O— Union; sunny side, near Broderick; 25x
100; $50 first payment, $30 to $10 month-
ly; ready for building; fine marine view;
adjoining lots sold during last month and
flrst-class Improvements to go up goon.
$.100 For a lot 25x120 In Richmond, close
to Clement-st. cars.
Lots north of the Park from Lake st. to the
park on all the avenues.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California.
A NEW FLATS. ~~
$8700 — Rent $S70 per year and rented cheap;
all large, sunny rooms; swell neighborhood;
It will pay you to investigate this. See GEO..
STIERLEN. owner and builder. 1373 Masonic
ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick sts. '
YOU can buy a lovely home In San Mateo, on
car line, house of 8 rooms and bath, barn,
chicken house, lot 100x180. $6000; $1000 down,
balance $62 50 per month. D. COFFIN A
CO., 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrecx
the largest buliaing completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
IF you have a house and lot In San Francisco
that Is mortgaged and you want to get out
to the best advantage, address, with particu-
lars and price, box 154. Call offlce.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO yon want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 936 Howard st.
FOR sale — Fine level building lot, 25x100;
$775; Richmond district. Box 2047. Call.
I REAL ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
, EXCHANGES.
$30.000— Klamat'.i Co., Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres: cut
about 3500 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of prnin; well fenced and cross-
fenced; gcod S-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; 10 horh'.s; 3 good barns, etc.
$10,000 — In Sonoma Co. ; Sin) acres well fenced
in 3 fields; house: 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000 nicrt-
gaRc; trad« for bay property.
$27,000 — In Placer Co., en R. R. — 1CS0 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 h.ead cattle year rounJ; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; CO head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to irrigate; part cash.
$E300— Sold by order of .Superior Court. 10S0
acres, near Point Arena. 2C0 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; SCO acres more could be
planted; 300 acres hravy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000 — Best rnnch In Southern Oregon: :C0
J acres; 2 RPts good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horsos; farming tools; outside range.
$3500 — Only 2 miles of town. 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard: family orchard; CO acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches: large new
barn; will build dw-lling to suit buyer; 10
One milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $1000 down.
$2500 — JCO acres nr-nr bnat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; good 0-rconi house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
Job can be hail with the place.
$30Oi>— One mile P. O.. schools and stores;
256 acres; 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fence-l; 150 bens; new bupgy, wagon,
farmir.R tools: 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped (o buildings: furniture..
$4.~C0 — Two r.riil lialf miles live town and
R. It.; 400 acres; 40 in grain on cre<>k. about
100 acres more bottom lardj^lrt acres full bear-
■ lnc orchard: balance timbered pasture: hnu«e,
barn, etc.: fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not ftir from city.
$5000 — 3 milts of Santa Crtw, 47 acres; 18
undsr cultivation, balance fine pasture; 3Co
assorted fruit trees; 15 K) crapes; winJmlll and
tank: water pipea to buildings and yards;
splendid S-room hard finished house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses: 2
rows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming toots and furniture;
trade lor No. 1 property around bay.
t2C50— ICO acres, 8 miles of Napa. City, 2
mlloa P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 1.1 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and nx-ky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse, 1
cow. poultry, tools.
$.1000 — 1C0 cere?, at station and near Santa
Cruz, 35 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$"S0O— Near San Jose, 14 acres benrlng fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; bulld-
lnK«.
$:!250 — 2fi acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. & rooms and bath:
part cash.
$7.1O~- Gold mine, with shaft and fine body
of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1200—20 acres, nf-ar Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; 6 acres clear; 4 acres bearins; apples;
running stream; buildings; rich sandy lcam;
easy terms.
$2250 — Best equipped poultry farm In the,
State; 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tools; all go.
$1900 — Near Eebastopol: 16 acres; orchard,
berries; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields; easy
$1800—240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acres
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land: house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity $fc00; to exchange.
80 acres; 18 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town; tools; $000.
Send stamp for printed list.
W J WHITE, 20 Montgomery st.. room E.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
B-^r A Merced River, Merced Co., Cal.: ap-
"nraised by court . at $71,000: assessed by
County Assessor at $40,000; offered for $50.-
000- Vi year's time, 6 per cent; 900 A. level
erain fruit ar.d alfalfa land; 4327 A. roll-
Ine— Krazlna; and grain land; Merced River
passes throUKh land; 90O A. can be Irrigated—
wnter free— no royalties; improvements good:
school 1 mile: church and town 3 miles; on
direct road to Yosemite; must be sold to close
frtate; a bargain; the profits i from these lands
made the former owner. JOHN T. IV ELL,
who was murdered In 1800, rich: fine rains;
even-thing areen and -growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX, attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
PAJARO VALLEY APP~LE~ORCHARDS.
This valley is recognized the. worm over as
the great apple center of California. We have
two owners who are desirous of glylr.gr their
rhndrtm an education at the State University,
therefore they will sell cheap for cash or ex-
change for properties in San Francisco or
Berkeley. 50 acres valued at $11,000; 30
acres valued at $4500.
To those who mean business, call or write
for Part.cular* XKFET & MAHQN
Real Estate Agents, 505 California St.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK. OWNER
LEAVING FOR ALASKA.
100 acres— Napa County. 4 miles east of,
Rutherford; a well-Improved farm: 115 acres
good farming land; 30 acres alfalfa land:
house 5 rooms; 2 barns; brooder house. 60xl«
feet; numerous outbuildings; a great bargain:
cash price $7000.
CHATFIELD A VINZENT.
22J* Montgomery st.. 8. F.
LOT 212x270 ft.: 4-room' house: partly' fur-
nished; good well water: 200 hens. 20 pigs,
1 cow, 1 horse and buggy ;■ all for $1200, or
sell all live stock for $300 and rent place
for $6 'a month; adjoining city limits of
Gllroy. MRS. A. BERQER. Gllroy. Cal..
FOR salt — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit: near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Crust County, Cal.; prie*
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moan. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-aore farm. ~~
$200 profit per annnm per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
320 ACHES of farming land; nice orchard,
barn, horses.^.wagons, etc.; fine running
stream: close to town; will rent or sell. Ill
San Pablo ave. -
ALFALFA lands, atock ranches. orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues *ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. $1 per year.
POrVT RICHMOND RRAIi ESTATE.
WATER front .lots and bargains: all tracts;
. maps, photos. , etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
~~~ PROPERTY WANTED.
COTTAGE' of- low priced pair flats In Mis-
sion. MARK LANE. 630 Market at.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXGB.
IN West Oakland — Residence 12 rooms, barn,
large lot. pretty garden, iron fence, etc., all
In good condition; attractive rooming-house
proposition or for flats: $3 per month to
S. F. ; exchange for ranch near Modesto, Cal.
WISEMAN, HOLCOMB & YOUNG, sole
axents, 314 San Pablo avc. Oakland, Cal.
A BUSINESS paying irom $1500 to $2000 per
yaer: willing to pay fvirt cash for a cottage
worth from $1000 to tSOOO. Box 2.14. Call.
TO exchange— City lot for tNamonds. 11 City
Hall square.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA RRAI. KSTA J£^^_^_,
NINE-ROOM house; good location: to rent or
for sale; also 6-room house; lot 42x150; in
Rood location: fruit trees, etc.; ?30©0; bar-
gain. CHARLES ADAMS A CO.. Bay sta-
tion. Alameda; phone Union 1052^
FOR sale — New cottage of 5 rooms: Fair Oaks
ave., 100 east of Caroline st. J. H. YOUNG.
builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTA^£ E J__
BARGAIN — New 5-room cottas*: high base-
ment, bath, pantry, folding doors, electric ,
wires, bay windows, pretty mantel, concrete
foundation, city water; price $1650; terms
$150 cash, balance same as rent. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin Station. Open Sundays.
WHY pay rent when you can have a 5 .or 6
room house built according to your town
plans to order and furnish lot 00x135; 2
blocks to R. R. station and electric cars,
echool and church: only $200 cash, balance
$20 monthly: O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin Sta-
tion^
S-ROOM 2-stcry house; modern: street work
and sidewalk done; lot 60x130: price $2600:
terms $250 cash, balance $20 monthly: . 3
blocks to Btatlon: this is a «nap; open Sun-
days. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin Station.
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$050 cash for a nice 6-room cottage with
bath etc. In East Oakland; must be sold' this
week. Apply to P. C. LASSEN A CO., 460
Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence of 0 room3. bath, con-
BPrvatory. lawn, barn, large cement baie-
mont: Ftrlctly modern. Inquire R. FRANKE.
C07 Sycamore St.. near Grove. Oakland.
OAKLAND STORKS TO LET.
FRONT space with window: store or offices;
also ba«?mcnt. 1233 Broadway.
OAKMM) FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. SchflUhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
nOO»S POR HOUSEKEEPIXCi.
CHURCH*. 1529. near Twenty- seventh — i sunny
rooms; furnlflhed or unfurnished; modern Im-
provements.
DE NORMANDY. C05 Post — Nicely furn. rms.,
$2 week up; also hakpg. $4 to $7 a week.
DOLORES, 934. nr. Twenty-third— Two front,
sunny housekeeping rooms, bath, gas.
—LEV— NTH, 106—2 sunny, furnished rooms
for housekeeping; coal stove.
FULTON. SIS — 2 unfurnished rooms; suitable
for housekeeping.
GEARY.' 1C02 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en tulte or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
IIAIGHT. 232— Two large sunny unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping; carpeted; ret.
HAIGHT. 1788 — Elegant now sunny hkpg.
rooms; fur. or unfur.; laundry; bath; phono.
HOWARD. 719V4 — Housekeeping rooms; re-
spectable; no transient. '
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children.
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde — Large furnished room;
running water; grate; one or two; $10.
POLK, C10— $14; bedroom, small kitchen, ga»
stove, bath; no children.
THIRD, 308— 2-room suite, $12; one grand
front, $10; cheaper rooms.
TWENTIETH, 4231, near Castro — Lower floor;
one furnished room for housekeeping; room
for laundry, cooking; gas range; healthy
location: no children.
TWENTY-FIFTH nnd Capp. grocery store-
Three furnished housekeeping rooms. $12.
VAN NESS, 706 — Two sunny front rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; $25.
VALENCIA, S22 — 2 sunny, furnished house-
keeping' rooms; gas and electric light.
VAN NESS, 1008 — Large sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges if desired;
good boara. In immediate vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. in.
APABTMEHTJffOJJSES;
GLENDORB: — New apartments on Pine st.
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot wkter scps
piled without extra coat; will be* finished
. with exceptional beauty and taste and ar«
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will managt
the buildlnc, now approaching completion:
open for Inspection. HOOKIOR & LENT, 14
Post st.
THE LUNGER. 448 Octavla, cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths: $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec
lights, elevator, gas ranges;. $30 to $SS.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmts-.strictly flrst-class; steam heat;electrlo
llghts;prlv. ;phone;e.Iev. :1 to 6 rms., with prtv.
bath; furn. or unturn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS? ~1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — Modern housekpg apart-
ments. 3, 4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurn.
HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
- APABTM-NT8 WANTED.
WANTED — An apartment of B rooms with
bath. In an up-to-date fireproof apartment-
house j with all conveniences. Box 123, Call.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrti. «nd Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date nous* in
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market ft. (or No, I
Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1. $1 SO night;
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426. Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS «The), 618 Post, nr. Taylor — Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cola
water, cteam heat, electric lights, phone
every room; elevator: breakfast if desired.
CALIFORNIA ave., 3S7 — Furnished front room
at $6 per month. " '•
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, comer Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
•EDINBURGH. THE, 239 Powell, cor. deary—
Bunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
GRAND Boutiiern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $C wk: reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 463 Elite — European plan;
elegantly furnished front suites, ~ $3ft to $40;
house open - and elevator service all night;
transient. Mrs. M. . E. GRANT, formerly at
the Vendome. 1104 Market «t
JONES, .310 — Furnished room, suitable for 1
or 2; rent $11 month. ' •.. •. - . 1
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnil Unfnrn.
JONESr~903^-Sunny front suite; nicely fur-
nished: suitable for 4 gents.
LAGUNA, 1311, cor. Geary — Front suite; newly
furnished: modern fiat; every convenience:
private family of 2; phone Geary 40S2.
MARKET. 1032— Nice, sunny rooms; also
houst keeping rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, 837A— Furnished rooms by the day,
week or month: prices reasonable.
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single.
O'FARRELL, 776—2 sunny unfurnished parlor
rooms; suitable for a physician; reasonable.
OFARRELL. 1136— One nicely furnished front
room for rent.
POST, 622— Nicely furnished suite and 3 single
rooms; reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoktng-rootn and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 50; w^ek, $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with bot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room: rent $7.
SUTTER. 622— Comfortably furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; bath; terms reasonable.
THIRD, 308 — Rooms. 2Sc. 50c. 75c and $1 per
night; $1 to $4 week: nice; quiet; bath.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus;baggag?.
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlce or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in
every room; 15c to $1 a night; 7"c to $3 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church ats.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Op»n until 11 r>. ta.
IIOOJJS AMI ItOAIlD.
HOT_L HATTON .
877 Pine, nr. Taylor: elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE. NSAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST <"LAK3.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70fl.
A NICELY furciihed room; modern and every
convenience: board first cIbes; single 030,
couple $57 50; within short distance of cen-
ter of city. Address box 146. Call offlce.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished room, with board;
fine location; bath and phone: within walk-
lnsr distance of Call building. Box 2050. Call.
EOARD and room In private family in Berke-
ley, close to cara; good home cooking; $20
per month. Address bcx 2570, Call ofnee.
GOOD hcir.e for old lady cr o-»ntlexr.an; ' $0 to
$25 per month. IOCS Howard st.
Steventon mansion. .v>7 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: dttlorrt crvlce: t&ble specialty.
O'FARRELL, SOS— yumlshed rooms; home
cooking; German family; $0 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and S!!b«crt^?lo2s
received at Call branch of2c«. 2200 Flllrcorw.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements »nd
subscriptions has been established at ICOtJ
Valencia st.
IIOOSIS AM) UUAUU WASTED.
A ROOM with board for a gentleman (2 meals)
in family or bcardlng-house; boardtrt?-hou*e
preferred; reasonab!e rates. Box 2iS2. Call.
I WANT first-class board and room within
walking distance of th<! Call building; prlre
not to exceed $35 per month. Box 2319, Cell.
MAN and wife wart board and room In a
good family hotel; short distance of City
Hall; $C0 per month. Box 2063, Call ofnee.
ROOM and board wanted in a first-class hotel,
for man and wife; state terms. Box 125, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pifges. In wrapper, fnr mailing. II per y»ar.
ROOMS WASTED.
TO exchange — One housekeeping room for two
hours' work per day. 33C7 Twenty-sixth »t.
PALJilSTKY. ~
MMK. DEVAtf. scientific palmist and a — rjlo-
glst; palm reading* $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1; open Tuesday evg. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 2i2 Pest; hourj
1 to & dally. Phone J&xn?s 1. Classes.
H. JEROME POSKIXJ. scientific palmist. G13
Taylor st. near Geary. Pbor*e Black 5ol.
- PARTNERS WASTED.
LADY partner In a household good3 store;
good business; $500 required. Box 2711. Call.
PHYSICIAN'S AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELI> — Offlce and residence,
1021 Ji Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu.
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG UIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at U5-1CT Ma*on; now lo-
cated at 6H7 Geary st.. near L<— venworth.
DR. TOXO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai., herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— AM dls-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 716-8* Clay »t.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chlnet; slightly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
WE have a number of new sewing machines
that are shopworn; we will close them out
at half price or less at once. WHITE SEW-
ING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st.
$16 00— NEW improved drop-bead nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yrs. : 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 50. $3. $4. 145 6th at.: tel. Jessie 3136.
_^SJ^ORAGE^ AND WAR-HOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture • and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXQ AXD^ STASIMERIXG.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Curt
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
' cine. Inqjlre into wonderful cures; borne cur*
TYPE WR ITEItS AXP SU PPLI ES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $25; other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. A M- ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery at.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inepec. Co.. MS Market.
DIV1DE.VD XOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
lns Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
Kor the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per arnum of (12) twelve per cent ou
capital stock and participating certificate*,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARP. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary."
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES—DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nuhUc.it Ion offices and ba
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
WALLING— In this city. February 11. 1904.
to the wife of Horace H. Waling, a
. daughter. ' ■ : .
DIED.
Axtmann Leopold Kerr John
Boldemann, Ellen C. LajrlPr, Pierce
Boner. William Lesser. Paul
Brannen, Patrick Lostbom. Anders A.
Brutsan. Emelte Lozier. Lulu
Clark. Lill.'o A. HcAvoy. r>arbara M.
Clarke. Marion M. Milbrath (Infant)
Cowherd. Charles S. Muntz. Margaret A.
Cox. Mary Jane Murphy Thomas J.
Daly. Mary Nle!sou. John
Day. Emma Ohlsen Anna M.
Doherty. James J. Saxtorph. Axel U
Dougherty, John E. Slrr.ouaon. Joseph
Foote. AV. W. Smilin*. Andrew
Hayward. Alvlnia Smith Catherine
Hogan. William Toft Irvins
Hurley. Michael Vlautln Mrs Mart*
Jansen. Otto G. Wilkinson. Eunice
Kalisher. Lena Wilson. Roy
• Kelly. Anna R. Wolf. GeKa
AXTMANN— In this city. February 14 1904.
Leopold, beloved husband of the Ute'Katii-
erlne Axtmann. and father of Mr?. J.
Brltschgl. and L. V. Axtmann a native of
Baden. Germany, aged C7 yean 1 montfTand
-days A member of Pacific Stamm No «(i.
rV t.- w * Yerba Hucna t.ajfer No. H U.
u. it. M. ; American Eagle Lodge No :_04,
JV of H.. and Rad!sch»r Verein.
/ *P > f r5cnj3 »nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). February It), at 12:30 o'clock,
rrom the residence of his daughter. Mrs J
Britschgl. 23 Hoff avenue, between Mission
?t" ,. «ll nc i? 8trcet *. thence to Red Men's
Hall. 010 Bush street, where the funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Pacific Stamm No. Ct>. U. O. R. M. at 1
o'clock.
B 9L DEMAN * V — In tnta cJtr > February • 14.
l»04. Ellen C. beloved wife of Adolph C.
Boldemann. and mother of Haael Bolde-
mann. and daughter of Clara Peterson, and
sister of Con H. Peterson, a native of
Cal^a. Sweden, aged 36 years 7 months and
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1370 Masonic avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BONER— In this city. February 14. 1904. ~ '11-
Jiam Boner, beloved brother of Mrs. LUite
Johnson, Mrs. Harry Johnson and Mr»
Charles Cueno and the lat* Mrs. Desola a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years «
months and 14 days, a member of Steam-
ship Painters' Union, Local Nov M«
ETThe funeral will tak* place Wednes-
day. February 17, at 10:30 o'clock, from th«
?f-, Iors ° f McFadden. McBrearty A Green.
11 ,1 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment llount Olivet Cemetery.
BR > A: l NEX ~ In thls cltv - February 14 1904,
Patrick, beloved father of Charles Brannea.
a native of Ireland aged 73 years
AfFT nem^ nS .& th< * P arI °r» of" Valente.
Marlnl & Co.. 1S24 Stockton street.
ERUMAN— In this city, February 14 1!WH
Emelie. beloved wire of Aaron Bruman!
and beloved mother of Mrs. Louis Wei II.
Mrs. Charles Zeimer and Edna and Arthur
Bruman, a native of Germany, aged iO
years 10 months and 2 days.
CLARK— At Lodl. February 13, 1904, Llllle A.
Clark, wife cf Warren V. Clark, of Glenco,*.
Caiaveras County, and sister of Mrs A L
Taylor of Oakland and Miss M Eva liaw'-
ley of San 1 ranclsco.
ICKrif t.ds ar.d acquaintances ar-> respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at 2
o'clock Monday afternoon February 15, from
the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church, corner
Twelfth avenue and Fifteenth street. East
Oakland. Interment private.
CLARKE — In Oakland, February 14. 1JKM
Marlon M., beloved wife of C. C. Clarke ami
• mother of Debs taker, a native of Mlcfcl-
ffan. (Lake View. Mich., papers please
copy.)
COWHERD— In this city, February 14 10;>4.
Charles S., beloved husband of Olive \
Cowherd, and father of Minnie M. Cowherd'
a native of Canada, aged 43 years 2 montai
and 5 days.
COX— In this city, February 12, 1904 Mary
Jane, widow of Joseph F. Cox. and devote-l
mother of Richard J. and Albert J Cox
Mrs. Mary S. Thomas, Mrs. Laura j' Mur-
ray and the late Matthew H. Cox and uls-
ter of Richard. James and William Moore
a native cf Cornwall. England. a*ed £>
years anJ 4 months. A member of Britan-
nia LoOce No. 7. Daughters of St. George.
E-yFrjrndu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from her late real-
Uencc. Iot2<'i Howard street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery.
DALY — In thla city, February 14. 1004 Mary,
dearly beloved wtf* of Thomas Daly and de-
voted mother or Minnie F.. Alice J.. Jora
E., Thomas r>. and ih» late James J. Daly
and sister of .Mrs. p. Keane and Daniel Cur-
ry, a native of County Clare, Ireland.
ICTh- funeral will take place to-morrr>-
(Tucsday). at I) o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 205 Indiana street, between Eigh-
teenth and Mariposa. tbence to St. T-tcju's
Church, where a requiem ma.«9 will be cele-
brated for the reoose of her soul, at 0-20
o clock. Interment private Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DAY — In Eureka. Cal.. February 11 1904,
Emma, beloved wife of F. E. Day. and de-
voted mother of Carrie Day and daughter
of Mrs. C. Eruhns, and sister of J H a.
C. II. R. and J. Eruhns. a native of 'Saa
Francisco. Cal.. ag^l 41 years 8 months and
15 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) February 16. at 9:30 o'clock,
from the^undertaklng parlors of Theodor
Dlerkj & Co., 0J7 Mission stueet between
Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city. February 14. 1004.
James J., beloved brother of John Doherty
and Mrs. Jin;e» Conlon. a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged CO years. A m«mb«r
of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. Local No
ES. I. L. It, and T. A.
CTFrienda and acrtualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 7:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty A Oreen. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Rose'a Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th-s
repose of his sou!, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross* Cemetery.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. February 13
1904. John Edward, Infant son of John and
Lillian Dougherty, a native of San Fraa-
clsco.
FOOTE— In this city, February 13, 1904, Wil-
liam W. Foote. father of Mrs. Stanley H.
Jackson, Chauncey T., Henry S., W. W.
Jr. and Enid Foote. a natlva of Jacksool
M1«k., aged 5S years.
(CyFrit-nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
# February 15, at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of James V. Colenun, 631 Van Nesa
avenue. Interment private.
HAYWARD— February 14, 1904 Alvlnza Hay-
ward of San Mateo.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HOGAN — In thla city. February 14 1904 Wil-
liam Hogan. a native of New 'Hampshire
aged 31 years.
CNotice of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co. 767
Mlnifn street, between Third and Fourth.
HURLEY— In this city, February 13. 1004,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Hurley,
and father of Jcseph. John and Alexander
Hurley, and grandfather of Willie Etta
and Eleanor Hurley, a native of Ireland,
azed 7S years and 28 days. (Buffalo and
Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 16 at 9:30 o'clock, from his !at«
residence, 35 Gilbert street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
JANSEN— In this city, February 13. 1904,
Otto Gustave. beloved husband of Tina Jan-
een, and father of Olga and SIgna Jansen.
a native of Norway, aged 42 years. A mem-
ber of Musicians' Mutual Protective Union.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
| fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February lti, at 10 o'clock, from the par-
lors of MoFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KALISHER— In this city. February 13. 1804.
Lena, beloved sister of E. D. Kalisher. a
native of Berlin, Germany, aged 63 years and
2 months. (Stockton. Cal., papers pleass
copy.)
lUTFriends a~nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at he»
late residence, 1108 Fulton street. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
KELLY— In Oakland. February 14, 1904. Ann*
K.. beloved wife of Wiills F. Kelly, and
daughter of Mrs. Lydla and the late Dr.
Vance Kannells. a native of Ohio, aged 3(3
years 10 months and 12 days.
(7 Funeral and Interment private. No
flowers.
KERR— In this ctly. February 14. 1904. John
K«rr beloved husband of Barbara Kerr. and
father of Alexander. Margaret. Birdie.
Arthur and Myrtle Kerr. Mrs. H. . Stamer
and Mrs. Wlnn Store ler. a native of Scot-
land, aged 63 years 4 months and 17 days.
[7R*malns at the funeral parlors of
Jam's McGinn A Co.. 214 Eddy street. •
LAGLER— In this city. February 14. 190;.
Pierce Lairler. a native of Iberg Canton,
Switzerland, aged 6o year?".
Xy Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
A Co- 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elshth.
LESSER— In Oakland. February 14. 1904,
Paul, dearly beloved son of Michael and Lu-
zie lesser and brother of Harry . Lesser, a
native of Oakland, aced 13 years 7 month.*
and 11 rtaya. ■ *
Cy Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of the parents.
Continued on Page Twelve. _■„
1112
DEATH NOTICES/
< 'ontlnncd IVom Page EleTea.
•l-r, Thiriy-lthth street. Oaklar.d. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
LOSTBOM— In Oakland. February 14^ l»0*.
Anders A., beloved husband of Mary Lost-
bom and father cf Gretx Lortbom a na-
tLve cf Sweden, as<-<! M >" ears 8 months and
LOZIEP.— In this city. February 14 1WM.
I,ulu. belcved wife of John C. Lozler. and
«IS42ght^ of Michael and Roeall- *f«J e >:-
formerly of Salin«6. and sister of ■""^^•
T>. Calkins of Berkeley Mrs. A L McCray
of Fresno and Plnkney G. and Charles Far-
i*y of Oakland, a native cf Texas, aged
4<i years 1 nior.th and 20 days, a resident
of Gonzale*. Mont-rey County. Cal.
CTFuneril *er\-ices and interment wui
take place at Salinas Tuesday.
P— - WOT— In this city. February 14. 1904.
arbara M.. dearly brloved and only
uyrr.trt- of Michael and Kate McAvoy. aad
Fttrr cf Frank. Edward and the late Emma
cAvoy. a native of Brooklyn. N. Y.
CT"Ai* funeral will take place to-morrow
<Tuesdav) at 9 oclock. from the residence
of her "r«"T.U 227 Twer.ty-neventh rtrect.
1 hence to St Paul's Churcli. where a requiem
high mass will be ttlrbrated for the repose
of Yirr ffoul commencing at 9:30 oclock.
Ir.'.rrmer.t Holy Orors Cemetery.
SITLBHATH— In th'.s city. Krbrjary 14. 1904,
SJ-.fant child cf Charlee and Alexander Ml!-
brath. a native of Caiifcrala. agrd 1 month.
ilL'VTZ Jn fcanta Harban. lebruarj- 11. 1U04,
Maitarvt Ann liunti. beloved mother of
Eair;:a BlBBU. «nd beloved caughter of Mrs.
• •atherine and the late Owen Collins, a na-
tive cf Randolph. Maes. lUandolpb, Mass.,
rapers pleas* copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
t«r.d the funeral Mcnday. Februao" 15. at
t. 30 o'clock, from 822 Linden street. Oak-
land, thence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
oorr.menctrg at 9 o'clock. lntermeent fct.
Mary's) Cemetery, Oakland.
MUW»HT— In this city Februinr II l»04.
Thongs J Mcrpfcy. beloved sea of Tlmotny
ard the late Slargaret Murpty. a nativ* of
6an Francisco.
CTInterment strlcily prlrata.
1CIELSON — In this city, February 12. 1*04.
JcLn Xlel»cn. belcved husband of the late
Hannah Nieleon. and father of Alvia C.
Xlelson end Mrs. £>a M. Burlingame of
Mendocino County. Cal.. a native cf Den-
mark, aged 75 veers 1 raor.th and 16 days.
ETTrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invite to attend the funeral services
Monday, February 15. at 10 o'clock, at the
Howard Presbyterian Church, comer Oak
krsd E*.V-r streets. Remains at th-? chapel
«.f Cliarlea H. J. Trun.tn & Co.. 1909 Ml«-
flon street*, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
by carriage.
£ rt "HL6EN— la llrvr.t E<3»n. February 14, 1904,
Anna M. Ohlsen. a native of Schleswig-
HMfteln. ag»d years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are invited
ti attend the funeral on Tuesday. February
Ifi. Rt 2 o'clock, at Mount Eden Church. In-
t«— tnr.nt Mount Eden Cemetery.
8AXTOKPH— In Oakland. February 14. 1304.
Ax*i I,., beloved husband of Eeanora C.
Faxtcrph. ar.d father of Mrs. MatlMa Smifh
of T\"h!te Plain. Xev.. and grandfather of
nomor.a and Edgar Smith, a native of Den-
mark, eped 74 years end 17 days.
■d>:O>:S0N— In this city. February 13. 1904.
Joseph Slmenson. beloved brother of Mrs.
John II. MelnhanSt, Mrs. Mary Lockwood
and Mrs. E. S. Seage, a native of New
York, aped 70 years. (Denver, Colo., and
New York rar^s please copy.
C^TFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. It. are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral, which will be
he!d un^er the audioes of George H.
Thomas I'om No. 2. (J. A. Tt.. at their hall,
:C0 Post street, on Tuesday. February 16. at
J o'clock. Interment George H. Thomas Post
I'lat. National Cemetery. Presidio. Kemalns
•t the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 310
O'Farrell Ftreet. until 10 o'clock Tuesday.
K»inalr.s Will lie In state from 10 a, m. un-
til 1 p. m. Tuesday at Thomas Post Hall.
under a guard of honor.
SMILING— In the City ar.d County Hospital.
February 14. 1904. Andrew Smiling, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 43 years.
SS1ITH— In this city. February 14. 1904. Cath-
eqne Smith, beloved wife cf Charles J.
Smith, and mcthi^ of Ruth Mildred Smith.
. arid sister of Margaret Carey, a native of
\ Strckestown. County noscommon, Ireland,
aged 2( years. „■» 'V ■
T«>FT— In this city. February 13. 1904. Irv-
ing Peter Toft, beloved son of Nelson and
tophie Toft, and brother of Frieda. Nelson.
George, Mildred, Sophie and Helen Toft, a
native of tan Francisco, aged 1 year 10
irorsths and 10 days.
K7Frfcnda and acquaintance* p.re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Monday*, at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 974 York street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
VLAUTIN'— In this city. February 14. 1904.
Rt her residence. fc94 Green street. Mrs.
Marie Vlsutin. bc-'.oved wife of the late Paul
P. Vlautin. and mother of Lillian M., P.
Paul and Alfred F. Vlautin and sister ot
Mrs. M. I>»w!s and John and M. K. Bell, a
rattve cf Portugal, aged 63 years.
C^Friendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully im'Ittd to attend the funeral to-morrow
<TuesdB>>. at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
cknef. r.ii Grwn Ftreet. thence to St Fran-
cia Church, where a requiem high maes will
be celebrated for the ro;v*e of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Crmettry.
WILKINSON— Entered into rest. In this city.
February 14, 1904. Elfhl-'e A. Wilkinson,
beloved wife of E. J. Wilkinson, devoted
m&thr of «7har!ei> and Harper TVilk!n*on
and Mr*. Ella It. Marshall and Mr*. Eunlc<e
A. Miller, a native of New York, aced M
I<-ars.
ET" Funeral will take place from h»r late
r^fi'lmcr-. corner Bay and Webster streets,
at 2 o'clock. Tuesday, February 1(5. Inter-
ment Odd Hi Hows' Cemetery.
TT1LSON— In this city, February 14. 1RO4.
Roy. dearly beloved pon of John and Ray
■■»-. and brother of Irene and Madeline
WUson, a native of San Francisco, aced 6
months and 18 days.
WOLF— In this city, February 13, 1904. Gella,
relict of the late Meyer Wolf, and beloved
mother cf Harry Wolf of Portland. Marcus
Wnlf. Mrs. M. Franklin and Mrs. Julius
Lcven. end sister cf Mrs. 5L £teln and Mr6.
C Harris, a native of 'Wronka. Germany,
ared 8j years 11 months and 18 days.
< Portland. Or., and New York papers please
cor>y. )
C7"FTiendf> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
her late residence. 18C5 I<aguna street. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend etreets at
II o'clock.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Meridian. Paciflc Time.) «
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 14—5 p. m.
The following ar«» tbe ecafonal rainfalls tn
<•:-•' as compared with those of came date last
teason and rainfall in last tw#«nty-four hours:
La«t This Last
Stations^ — 24 Hours. Soaeon. Season.
Eureka ." 0.S0 2S.72 40.70
Red Bluff 0.3S 15.95 17.61
Pacramento 0.C2 S.WJ 11.24
San FrancUco ... Tt. 10.72 11.48
Frr^tno 00 1.73 «5.72
Ir.derendenoe >... ,O0 0.44 l.(8|
Pan Lula Obispo.. .00 4. 3*5 11. 85
Ijct Ansclea 00 1.62 R..V*
ten Diego 00 1^31 . 8.95
THE COAST RECORD.
■g S B O 2 "3
S <~» H5" J; >2. 3
1 - S o §
STATXOX. I p |i | 3 |~ g
Baker ....... .23.94 2« . IS BE Snow Th
«:arson 29. S8 K2 30 P Cloudy T
Eut^ka :!9.K0 IS 3« KE 1 Rain .80
Fresno 30.OB «4 4S S x Cloudy .00
FlaKstaff .... 30.1)2 5S 24 BTV Pt.Cldy 00
Por-at«>llo 30.10 34 16 E Snow .01
Independence .2!».!»S 64 44 fW Cloudy .00
l*it AnKelp»..30.0S C»> 62 RW < - loudy 00
Mt Tamaplais.30.ia 47 43 S Rain 11'
I*hoenlr 29.fiS »-0 38 NW, «'lear .00
Portland 20. tW 40 84" SW Rain 7*»
2U<1 Bluff 30.02 46 42 NW cloudy .38
H«»»>burg 20.06 R2 34 S Rain .JMJ
Socramento ..30.O4 M 44 KE t"loudy ««°
L,ak»....C0.I0 :;S 24 NW Cloudy .00
Fan Francisco. 30. 06 t8 44 EE Cloudy T
F. L. Obis;>o. .30.08 r,«j <s N Pt.Cldy .f>6 !
Hzn Dlejo ...30. OS Wi • f>0 NW . Cloudy 00
: ; '«tt!t 23.68 44 34 SE Rain *T
Fpokane 2».92 36 20 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. M 42 86 P Snow .m
tvtnncir.ucca .29.92 52 30 SW <noudy .00
Vein* 23.96 62 S8 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A rtorm of moderate energy Is central o2
th« Oregon coaet and hae caused rain from
t-an Francleco northward, with enow in Idaho
and the eartern portions of Oregon and Wash
lngtcn. Ttee cloudy weather extends scuth
uard to t?\f Mexican boundary.
The pressure has fallen rapidly from Central
California northward and slowly over the
tcuthern portion of the Pacific elope.
The ten-.iwraiure changes have beea slight
in ail districts. *
Reports are missing from the coast north of
j :■_•" i.s .
SA wind of twenty-right miles per hour from
• wmtheart is reported from Eureka.
P-ouxhtamt storm warnings are dU played from
f-an Francisco northward.
Porecast made at San Francisco for thirty
l-.ouni er.dlrg midnight. February 15:
Northern Callfcrnia— Rain Monday, briik ta
M-h foutherly »-lnd.
:*outhern CaJirornia — Cloudy Monday, prob
ably ehowcre in north portion, fresh southerly
wind.
Nevada — Rain or enow Monday.
fcan -Ftsncisco and \"icinity — Rala Monday
bruk to high eoutberly wind. '
O. a. WILLSON. LocaI Forecaster.
CHINA COMES
FROM ORIENT
Brings Many Prominent Peo
ple From Far East and a
Cargo Valued at Millions
LAD IS KILLED AT SEA
Apprentice Is Dashed to Death
From 3Iizzen Upper Topsail
Yard of Ship Madagascar
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's steamship China came Into port
yesterday after a very quick run up
from Honolulu. Her time was 5 days
and 13 hours. She brings a large num
ber of cabin passengers, and her hold
Is full of a valuable cargo consisting
in part of 787 cases of opium, 1935 bales
of raw Bilk valued at $1,354,500 and 1,
075,000 golden yens. She reports good
weather during the voyage.
Among the passengers were Mr. and
Mrs. George D. Morgan, Mr. and Mrs.
Dennis Searles. who are returning
from their wedding trip to Honolulu;
Captain S. S. Connauton, commander
of the ill fated vessel Manauense,
which was wrecked on the Japanese
coast: B. D. Sprague and bride. Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Blake. Mr. Blake be
ing a brother of the ex-Governor of
Ceylon of the same name; Mrs. A. J.
Dougherty, formerly Miss Ah Fong of
Honolulu, wife of Lieutenant Dougher
ty of the Twenty-eighth Infantry.
The run over was devoid of any spec
ial interest. When the steamer arrived
off the coast she encountered a dense
fog, and for a time did not expect to
reach port until this morning. As it
was, however, she made quarantine
about 3 o'clock and soon after steamed
up to the dock, which she reached at
low water, and It took nearly two
hours to get her into her berth, even
with all the careful seamanship of her
comjaiandlng officer, Captain Freese.
Following were her first class passen
gers:
F. A. Blake, Mrs. F. A- -Blake. C. M. Bles.
W B Burnham. Captain 8. S. Connauton.
Mrs. M. H. Connril. Dr. N. P. Crooks, Chun
Qual Dun. Lieutenant VT. A. Edgar. U. 8. >.'.;
C. R. Elsler. Robert Fulton. W. Gilbert,
Georre Gleaaon, G. de Gula, G. Gurnenlan.
Miss J. Hartwell. Kev. W. M. Hayes. Mrs.
"W. M. Hayes. J. H. Hay«. Master F. Hayee.
Wong Hu», F. E. James. Mrs. F. S. James. M.
O\Shaughn»ssr. F. I-. Waldron. H. F. Nadeau,
Captain E. A. Jonas, V. S. M. C; Miss D. D-
Kellar. Mrs. H. F. Kennedy. T. Kobayashl and
•servant. Jay Kue, Louis Lemp. E. H. Low,
Miss E. Mathe. George D. Morgan. Mrs.
George D. Morgan, J. Mur, Mrs. E. MuBgrave,
R Navarro. MUs M. T. Xlchols. JC. P. Pavey,
H. C. Pearson. H. O. Plxley. Paymaster F. G.
Pyne, I". P. N.J George Relfflnjjer, J. J. Rich
ards, XJ. G. Rundle. John Ryan. B. P.
Rprague, Mrs. B. I>. Sprague, Mrs. A. J.
I>ou5herty. Infant and servant, X. Sato. Otto
Pchlnne, T. Shinohara. K. Van R. Smith. Mrs.
X. F. Smith. E. W. Sterling. Mrs. E. JV.
Sterling. H. H. Stratton. K. • Suzuki and ser
vant. S. Suzuki, Paymaster G. P. Venable.
United States Navy; F. \V. Weber, M. Tuba
and servant. Chum Sow Tue, E. G. Clark.
Miss C. A. Tisdale. Miss G. M. Klmball. Mrs.
M S. Corbctt. Master S. Corbett. Dennis
Poarles, Mrs. Dennis Searles. W. M. Epeyer.
R. D. Emerson, G. H. Emerson. Mrs. G. H.
Emerson, F. F. Hobbs, Dr. H. J. Boyes. G. B.
McClellan. Mls» C. W. Bailey, Miss Pettlgrew.
Mrs. H. F. Xadeau. Mrs. B. H. Smith, L. L.
Moor*. Mr*. I... L». Moore, daughter and infant.
Mrs. F. F. Baldwin and Infant. MUs S. Craval
and A. Hord "VVinn.
Killed at Sea.
The Britten ship Madagascar arrived in port
yesterlay. 150 days from Ant wen*. Captain
McFarlane reports that on November 5 Henry
Roberts Shorter, an apprentice. 16 years old,
fell from the mlzren upt>er topsail yard and
was Instantly killed. He was buried at sea
the same day. The veseel had fine weather
until she arrived off the port ten days ago.
when ehe encountered strong southwesterly
winds and high cross sea?. •
As the Fhip came to anchorage here two of
her sailors who had been ot loggerheads dur
ing the voyage decided to settle matters by
belaboring each other on the head. For five
minutes the light was fast and furious and
was a fine exhibition of pugilistic skill. The
dropping of the anchor and the arrival of the
captain en the scene wound up hostilties.
much to the dlygust of the sailor*, who were
taking a lively interest in the scrimmage.
Falls Into the Bay.
Andy Nlchlason, a longshoreman, while
wandering around the water front at an early
hour under the Influence of frequent libations
of cheap wine, ntubbed his toe on an Ifon
hauser and fell head foremost into the bay.
He kicked up »uch a rumpus that his cries
for help wrre heard for blocks and brought
to his assistance boiiic twenty or thirty people,
who got a boat and fished him out. He was
taken to the harbor hospital more frightened
than hurt and when he got sobered up h«
was allowed to t.rvarj..
Xevadan Comes to Port.
The American steamship Nevadan, Captain
Greene, arrived In port early yesterday morn
ing. She sailed from Honolulu January 2S
and from Kahulul on February 6.
She brought E2.S50 bags of uugar, C2 barrels
of molasses. 44 cases of pineapple*, 18 cases
of ' betel leaves and other sundry merchan-
A\t*. Captain .Greene reports that on Feb
ruary 12. at 10:25 a. m.. he spoke the steam
ehlp Gaelic, and on February 13 he spoke a
four-masted British ship, railing north, show
ing the letters N. B. R. J.
Steals Ship's Boat.
On board the collier Saturn, which is lying
in the harbor, was an unruly fireman named
James Bowenzky. Captain Newell had occa
sion u> reprimand him many times, but finally
he became so Insolent that on last Wednesday
Captain Newell placed him In irons. Satur
day afternoon he was released and he stole
the ship's boat and rowed ashore. The boat
was found in the bay off Bcale-street dock.
The Overdue . List.
The following vessels are quoted for rein
surance: Theodor. 150 days from Montevideo
to San Francisco, 25 per cent; Martaban. 156
days from Java to Barbadoes. 90 per cent;
Robert Kickrr.rrs. 132 days from Rangoon to
Bremen, 15 per cent.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, February 14.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johanson, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg, bound to Port Lob Angeles; put
In to land paxrengers. %
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. 20 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 20 hours from Moss
Landing. <
Stmr Esnplre. Macgenn, 120 hours from Coos
Bay.
Ktnsr Oregon. Doran, C2 hours from Port
land, via Astoria Cl hours.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Iaqua, Jorgenaon, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Nevadan, Greene, 7 days and 21 hours
from Kahului.
Etmr China. Friele, 25 days 23 hours and 36
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 13
days 15 hours and 56 minutes, via Honolulu
5 days 13 hours and 34 minutes/
Stmr Maggie. Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. •
Rtmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. C3 hours from
Newport, etc.
Br ehip Madagascar. McFarlan*. 150 days
from Antwerp."
/ EXILED.
Sunday. February 14.
Stmr Santa Ro«a. Alexander. Ean Diego.
Ftmr Maggie. Coming. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johanson San Pedro.
Etmr Brunswick. Ellefsen ' Fort Bragg
Ger stmr Mera, Carstens' Hamburg etc'
Br ship Cralgerne. Loades. Melbourne. "
8chr Mary. C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson, Astoria.
Scb Fannie Adele. Fel«her. Grays Harbor
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 14. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind southeast: velocity 62 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSBND— Arrived Feb 14— Br
fhlp Barcore, from Antwerp; Ger ship Llsbeth,
frotn Banta •Rosalie; Br chip Paes of Brander
from Tacoma, for Valparaiso.
Sailed Feb 14— Br ship Tlnto Hill, for Val
paraiso. .
Patced out Feb 14— Schr Camano, for Saa
Francisco.
Passed in Feb 14— Schr Sehome. from Ean
Pedro, for Everett.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1904.
BUILD TRACKS
BY LAMPLIGHT
Salt Lake Bailroad Steals
Into Its Eiverside Depot
Site by Strategic Movement
LAY BAILS AT NIGHT
Numerous Injunctions Have
Been in Force and a Bitter
Legal Battle May Besult
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 14. —The Salt
Lake Railroad last night effected an
entrance into Riverside by capturing a
section of the right-of-way, which has
been in dispute. Three hundred men
were stationed along the road and at 1
o'clock, at a given signal, they set to
work laying rails. At daylight this
morning the rails had been laid to their
passenger station at Seventh and Vine
streets. There are a number of Injunc
tions In force along Vine street and a
long legal battle had been promised.
The railroad now has possession and
what course the objectors will take is
problematical. It is said, however, the
railroad can be forced to take up the
rails.
NATIVE HAS DESPERATE
BATTTiE WITH A SQUID
HONOLULU, T. H., Feb. 8. — The
officers of the lnterlsland steamer
Mauna Loa describes a remarkable
struggle In the water between a na
tive named Waha and a large squid,
on January 29. The native was pulled
under the water twice, say the wit
nesses, and his body bears the marks
of the tentaclea. The vulnerable point
in the squid Is the eyes and it was.by
tearing: and partly bltingr them out
that Waha finally saved himself.
ASTORIA— Arrived F»b 14— Stmr Aliance,
from Coos Bay; stmr Geo W Elder, heno*
Feb 11.
Sailed F«b 14— Stmr Whlttler, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 1*— Bktn
Retriever, from Rendondo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez; stmr Dolphin, from Skagway.
Sailed Feb 14 — Stmr Geo Loomls. for San
Francisco. ■* ■
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Cam
ano, for Pan Franclico.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Lakme,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in Feb 14— Stm» San
Mateo. hence Feb 11. for Tacoma.
Passed out Feb 14 — SUnr Umatllla, for San
Francisco; Br ship Tlnto Hill, for Valparaiso.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 14 — Br-stmr Aor
angi, for Sydney: bark Gerard C. Tobey and
bktn Coronado. for San Franclaco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Ramona.
for Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 14— Etmr Etru
ria from New York; stmr Georglc from New
York. "A|*"
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 14—Stmr'Cam
pagnla from Liverpool for Boston.
Movements of Steamers.
* TO ARRIVE. "
Steamer. 1 From. J Due.
Leelanaw Tacoma |Feb. 15
Ch!co\ Coquille River IFeb. 15
Elizabeth Coquille River Feb. 15
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Feb. 15
Mackinaw. . . . Tacoma Fob. 15
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 15
Oregon Tortland & Astoria Feb. .15
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... Feb. 15
China China & Japan. Feb. 15
Lakme San Pedro Feb. 15
Montara Seattle Feb.. 15
DelNorte.... Orescent City Feb. 15
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 15
Jeanle Seattle &. Tacoma.... Feb. 15
Centralia San Pedro Feb. 15
Eureka Humboldt Feb. IC
Pom o Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 16
Alameda Honolulu Feb. lti
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Feb. 16
Wycfleld Nanalmo Feb. 17
City Panama. New York via Panama. Feb. 17
Corona Humboldt ..." Feb. 17
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb IS
S. Monica Ran Pedro Feb. IS
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Ft. Arena Feb. 13
Eanta Rosa. .. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 18
Alliance .'. Portland & Way Ports. Feb. IS
Claverlng. . . . Hongkng v. Manzanlllo Feb. 18
North Fork... Humboldt .' Feb. 18
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Feb. 19
Arcata • Cocs Bay * Pt. Orford. Feb. 19
Queen Puget Sound Ports.. .. Feb. 21
Algoa Hongkong v. Yokohama Feb. 21
Centennial.... Seattle tc Tacoma Feb. 21
G. Llndauer. . Portland Feb. 21
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 22
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 22
Acapulco |New York via Panama. Feb. 24
Memphis | Seattle Feb. 24
TO SAIL.
Eteamer. Destination. Balls. I Pier.
February 15.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt» Orfd 10 am|Pler 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
February 16.
Empire Coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Chlco...... Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
February 17.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way. 9 am Pier ll
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2s
February 18.
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulut. 3 pm Pier 25
jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcm 4 pm Pier 10
February 19.
Corona Humboldt l:30pP]er 9
February 20.
Pt. Arena. . Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
Ean Jose N. Y. %-la Panama. 112 m Pier 40
Alameda. .. Honolulu Ill am Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
February 21.
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
February 22.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 25.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
. I February 26.
China ) China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Eteamer. For. I Salts.
. Dirigo ;. Ekapway & Way Ports. Feb. IS
Santa Ana. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 1 tl
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 16
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 19
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward Feb. 20
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by ofllclal authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about. 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; th« height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 15. -
Sun rises .7:00
Sun sets ft:48
Moon sets 6:00 pf m.
O JTimel ITime ITime Time '
Ji i _j Ft. [ Ft. (, Ft. Ft.
? |L W| |H W |LW H..W >
15 4:32 2.8 10:44 5.3 6:12 0.1
II W L W H.W L W
16 0:14 4.8 5:10 2.6 11:18 5.1 5:44 0.2
17 0:45 4.S 6:46 2.5 11:53 5.0 6:12.0.3,
18 l:0S 4.8 6:23 2.2 12:30 4.7 6:46 0.7
19 1:30 4.9 7:05 2.0,1:10 4.5 7:13 . J.I
20 1:56 5.0 7:61 1.8 1:50 4.3 7:53 /1.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column - and . the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as 'to time; 'the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.- The plane of reference is the mean
•f the lower low water* J
CARTER MAKES
ISLAND TOUR
Governor of Hawaii Visits
Various Districts and
Discusses the Country's Needs
ANCIENT CUSTOMS IN USE
Executive Pleases Natives by
Advocating County Govern
ment for the Territory
HONOLULU, T. H., Feb. 8. — Gov
ernor Carter and Secretary of the
Territory Atkinson are still on the Is
land of Hawaii, making a tour of the
various districts. Large meetings have
been held at many points, at which
Carter discussed with the natives and
other citizens the policies of the ad
ministration. The keynote of most of
Carter's adresses to the natives is that
he wants their advice and co-opera
tion, and wants them to assist in elect
ing a Legislature that will co-operate
with him as executive. Carter's trip
is the first of the kind made by the
head of the island government for
many years, the last having been by
King Kalakaua.
In the outlying districts, where the
native Hawaiian remains in conditions
near to those of ancient days, the
Governor Is greeted as a chief, and in
one Hawaii district an aged native,
following an old custom under which
the people made presents to their
chiefs, gave the Governor a $5 gold
piece, which was a large sum to the
donor. In most of his addresses
Carter declares strongly for county
government, for which the natives
have been agitating ever since Hawaii
became a Territory. The Governor
said in a speech at Hilo that, in view
of the recent decision of the Terri
torial Supreme Court, he did not think
that the Hawaiian Legislature had
power to pass a suitable county act,
and that the Territory must either ask
Congress to amend the act or ask Con
gress to pass a Hawaiian county act.
The Right Kind of Newspaper.
A newspaper is a vehicle of pub
licity. Its most important function
is to publish the news. The improve
ment of its facilities for getting: the
news and of the methods of present
ing news has, therefore, been a not
able advance In journalism. Moreover,
it Is not strange that there should
have been a reaction from the old
style heavy editorial "leader." The
demand was for something more di
rect and simple. But it is a law of
every such movement that It is nec
essarily carried to extremes. Many
newspapers were bo far influenced by
the revolution In Journalism that with
few exceptions there has been a low
ering of editorial power. The im
provement in the news pages has not
been a full compensation for this loss,
especially as the news pages them
selves have been corrupted by the ad
vent of the "yellow journalism." In
stead of editorials we have now com
ment in headlines and cartoons and
editorialized news. Readers arc
sought to be influenced by opinions
dexterously presented . in "spread"
stories.; This coloring of news by ed
itorial opinion is" In every way unfor
tunate. The Ideal is the news pre
sented without any bias or color what
ever, and then forcible .comment in
the proper place, the editorial page,
by men of high mental power and
trained in the art of expounding the
news of the day so as to give the
reader an intelligent idea of Its true
significance, thus leading them to
sound opinions. — Wall Street Journal.
Tiie Old Jiunel Mansion.
The final passing of the Morris-
Jumel mansion into the custody of the
city is a more satisfactory circum
stance than the preservation of the
old Hall of Records would have been.
The old hall was obstructive. It was
ugly, it had been altered out of recog
nition, and its history was neither long
nor pleasant. The Jumel mansion, on
the contrary, is a fine specimen j of
colonial architecture, surrounded by a
fine old garden, and it stands at a
point where it is not likely to become
an obstruction to the so-called im
provements which are ravaging the
town. It was the headquarters of
Washington during the skirmishing on
Harlem Heights, that foltowed the re
treat of the American army after the
disastrous battle in , Brooklyn; It was
the home of the general's former
sweetheart; it afterward came into
possession of Madame Jumel, who
shared it for a time. with Aaron Burr;
thus it instances tradition and history.
It will be converted Into a museum for
the preservation of relics, but, it Is the
best museum in itself. It is a land
mark from which we date our depart
ure, and probably our progress, in the
building of cities and the extension of
comforts. It deserves preservation not
because of practical usefulness, but
because of Its beauty and the need to
keep a few yards of Manhattan free
from shops and flats. There are sev
eral rival claimants for the mansion,
various sons, daughters, nephews and
nieces of the revolution and the colon
ists wrangling, for precedence, so the
easy settlement of their claims is to
give It to none of them, but let it pass
to the Park Department. — Brooklyn
Eagle.
Annexation of Texas.
During the nine months that Polk
was annexing Texas, says the Galves
ton News, the Whigs bitterly denounced
him. The turning point of abuse was
his use of the army, and navy to keep
off Mexico from assailing Texas, as
Roosevelt is now using it, without con
sent of Congress, to keep off Colombia
from attacking Panama.
The two parties have swapped theo
ries of the constitution and exchanged
sides. The Democrats are now. In the
rear observation car of the onward
train applying air brakes, while the
Republicans are, on the. engine shovel
ing coals into the furnace, - increasing
steam pressure and speed. .
Polk occupied with the army the part
of Texas between the Nueces and the
Rio Grande. Mexico wanted him to de
part from what Mexico claimed as
hers; he refused/because the place be
longed to Texas. The -Whigs foamed
with rage. A reconnoitering party of
ours was attacked by Mexicans atPoint
Isabel, arid war, existed "by act of Mex
ico." Will war with Colombia in like
manner come . "by, act of Colombia" ? —
New York Commercial.
The average annual dividend on the
capital.'stock", of American railways
la 2.61 per cent.
DO WIE DIDN'T
ENJOY VOYAGE
Prophet of Zion Objects to
Merriment on ' Shipboard
During Trip to Honolulu
SMOKING ANNOYS HIM
The Elijah and . His ; Party
Will Not Sign Besolutions
of Thanks to the Captain
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 1. — The head of
Zion, John Alexander Dowle, was not
a favorite with the other passengers on
the trip of the Sonoma from San Fran
cisco to Honolulu. He objected to the
merriment of ordinary mortals who
didn't have to hold up any prophet's
mantle and finally refused, with all th«
members of his party, to sign some res
olutions which were enthusiastically
adopted by the rest, complimenting
Captain Herriman, master of the ves
sel.
On the night before arriving here the
Sonoma had a special dinner, according
to a pleasant custom for the last night
before reaching port, where fellow pas
sengers are to separate. The resolu
tions were produced and there were
cheers for Herriman, much to the dis
gust of Dowle. On one occasion Dowle
resented the smoking of a cigar and
sent a waiter to tell a passenger to
throw it overboard.
The following are the resolutions,
signed by the passengers, which Elijah
did not sign,' and which the large
crowd In the dlning-saloon approved
with a frivolous hilarity not tolerated
In Zion: : ,
"Whereas a large number of the pas
sengers of the. steamship Sonoma are
about to leave Bhip. while .others are to
continue to Its terminal voyage, we
who depart, as well as those who con
tinue on, desire to express to its emi
nent commander our appreciation of his
fellowship and his geniality. During
the questionable moments of our Initial
trip his kindness and good cheer were
like the balm of Gilead and at the re
sumption of our normal condition his
good humor, ready wit and ever pres
ent companionship were as pleasures
In the Grove of Daphne.
Therefore be it resolved. That we, the
passengers of the Sonoma, extend to
him. Captain Herriman, our thanks,
our appreciation of those kindly serv
ices, not alone the mark of a good com
mander, but the surer evidence of a
good friend and a gentleman.
"Resolved, That to each officer asso
ciated with Captain Herriman we like
wise extend our good offices and appre
ciative greetings."
The Caspian Sea.
One of the most remarkable physical
features of the globe is the deep and
wide depression in the hollow of which
stands the Caspian Sea, and near to It
the Sea of Aral. The Caspian \s nearly
as large as France, and its surface is
eighty-four feet below the level of the
Black Sea. The Sea of Aral Is nearly
as large as Ireland, and is very little
over the sea level. Within recent geo
logical times the vast expanse in which
these lakes are found was sea. Its floor
has been gradually raised, and the
waters filling the depressions are all
that is left of an anicent Mediterra
nean. A strange feature of both bodies
of water is that, although they receive
large rivers, especially the Caspian,
into which the Volga, the Ural River
and scores of streams from the Cau
casus flow, both have for many years
been getting shallower. Evaporation,
for they have no outlet, exceeded the
Inflow. But, for some climatic reason
probably. Lake Aral and its neighbor,
Lake Balkhash, have since 1891 been
increasing in depth. Nature reports
that At. Berg visited Lake Balkhash
last summer and found that the level
was rising with comparative rapidity.
Whereas the Caspian, like the Dead Sea,
is very salt, owing to the rate of evap
oration, Aral and Balkhash are brack
ish only. These remnants of what was
once a*, great sea opening Into the
ocean, as the Mediterranean does now,
still contain marine fish and seals.
Some of the latter survive in the Aral
and Baikal lakes, having gradually be
come fitted for their habitat, though it
is no longer salt, but merely brajekish,
and In the case of Bailkal actually
fresh water. — London Telegraph.
Old Cold Cure.
The advice given by a parent to his
son at Oxford in the year 1686 against
catching cold when attending the
theater will not be without interest
in the pantomime season. "Child — I
heard that the players are gon down
to Oxford, but I am unwilling that you
should go to see them act, for fear on
your coming out of the hot playhouse
into the cold ,ayer, you should catch
harm, for as I did once coming out of
the theater at a public act when it was
very full and steaming hot, and walk-
In a Broad In the cold, and gave me
sutch a cold that it had Likt to a cost
me my life. Your best way in sutch a
cold is to go hom to your chamber
directly from the playhouse, and drink
a glass of Sack, therefur Be sure you
send your servant At your hand for a
bottle of the Best Canary and keep It
in your chamber for that purpose:
Harken thou unto the voyce and Ad
vise of mee Thy ffather, Loving Thee
Better than himselfe." — London
Chronicle.
To Abolish Chaplains.
The reorganization of the personnel
of the English navy, which Lord Sel
borne began at the end of last year,
is not yet completed. Two important
changes are pending — the merging of
the accountant branch and the aboli
tion of chaplains. In a word, the pay
master and the parson are shortly to
disappear. .The supervision of the for
mer department will henceforward be
delegated to superior officers. In fact,
the paymaster of the near future will
be as much an executive "specialist"
as the existing gurfnery, torpedo and
navigating- officers are now. With re
gard to the chaplains It has long been
felt that all the duties thati they are
called upon to perform can well be
carried, out by the captain or com
mander. In some ships the chaplain
is also naval instructor, but the. duties
of this latter offlce»are to be delegated
to some other rank.— New York Com
mercial.,
The Real Thing. — Sportsjnan — Aany
pood hunting in this part* of the /coun
"^Nat jve-VLo ts of i t.
Sportsman— What kind, of game?
. Native — No game at all. Just hunt
ing.—Illustrated Bits.'
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
fes ' -.fea %i
On MONDAY. Feb. 15. at 11 o'clock at rHjs ■
, street stable. 615 Kills street. S3 head of well- ;
broken horses, suitable lor all purposes; b
new rubber-tire buggies. 1 new canopy-tcp ,
surrey and several new and second-nar.u
wagons. Sale positive. S. WATKINS. Auc- '
tioneer.
jr* Don't forget the big sale of a lot •••'
>-^ good horses and mares: laundry, e..-
press, grocery and PEDDLING WAGO.N.-.
SURREYS. J sealer*. IJUGGIES. CARTS a:. » ,
40 sets of slngl? and double HARNEbfc: I «£■- 1
MILK COW. calf 2 days old. at 1140 tOLSO-J
ST.. TUESDAY. Feb. 10. 11a.m.
4V^ AUCTION SALE of 10 HORSES and
AtJ* MARES. WEDNESDAY. Feb. 17. at 11
a. m. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 3_'i
SIXTH ST. Every horse must be 1^,-
sented or money refunded. JOHN J. DOl^t.
Auctioneer.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel,
Juneau. Halnes. Ekaguay.
•tc., Alaska — 11 a. m.. Feb.
IB, 20, 25. Mar. 1. Change to
company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Feb. 15. 20.
25. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
: to C. P. Ry. ,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:S©
p. m.. Feb. IC, 22. 28, Mar. 5. Corona. 1:30
p. m., Feb. 13, 19. 25. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. rn.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a, m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and .East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa. Crus. Mon-
terey, San" Simeon, Cayucos, Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme. '
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Feb. 13, 21. 20. Mar. 8.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Feb. 17, 25. Mar. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay,' San Jose det
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayroas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers cr sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Asent,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacing Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and^
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 17. 27. March 8, IS. 2R.
April 7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily
in service Instead of the Columbia. George W .
Elder sails Feb. 22. Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12
and 22. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets, include berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen, Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Ftrst and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
. ong witb steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on board the day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. Round-triD tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oceaBics.s.co, ssasst
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.m.
S S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thurs.. March 3. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Mch. IS, 11 a. m.
il.tfKKElS4BI0S.C0., «|!j..TbL»t BfflB,«3 gsfam
fRtytlffiaJiS BirbtSUPhrli. l.ttdbll
CCMPAGNIS GENERAL? TEAN31TLA:iTmr
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
falling every Thursday Instead of -afyfiS?*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, >«*"«*2-
North RJver. foot of Morton st.
First clnss to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
j CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO... Pacific Coast (
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. |
! Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
I ======================
I Mare Island and Vallejo Steamera.
Steamer OKN. FRISBIE or M0"NTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
• Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
' 7. a. m.. 12:C0 and 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ■
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
** i"^*^M^HS^M^2^^»y[yB'S»T«qu^ n '^^en^nt
CALIFORNIA §
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 3
LEAVES DAILY |
at !):3O a. m., through. In 3 day*, 1
with diner and all trapping's. D
Other Santa re Trains: .
7:30 a. m."» for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8-OOp'mJ Merced ' Hanford aad Vlsalia.
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— €41 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose. V
CAZADERO, Etc
yfV^^pffiv^y^ Sti 3u^tM.t£A Via Sansalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8:00,
t:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15, 4:15,
5::5 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:23. 6:3». 7:40. 8:33, 9:35. 11:05 a.
i_.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:53. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8 - 45» 10:20 d. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5=*3. 8:55 > " :52 . 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:05,
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
f> :15 r- m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and w
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes a.-. ;
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market ft.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway '
Leave Ti» Snssliia ivtj Arrive
Saa Francisco F*sl «f aUrkst It, San Franciaca
Week San- m Son. |We»k
I Days, days 42wiirf9K. dxv% I * ) a>-s.
•11:03 i*8:UO A 9*F6tS%ji&i% 12:O»r 10:401
i •1:*6p 9:00a Kfli^S'Si^ 1:29p3:BU?
6:15p 1O:OOa \3&kx!riZW «:»0p 5:5O f
' 11:00a Tk^T 4:SOr »!»•»
i — — .. 1:45p XSBW 5:B*p ;
j - -3:15r 9-anw |
I **—**t ■will ta<p lr MpamafctTmrwflaay
nCIW \ tag MAaxa-r St^( North Shore RailreS"
(VHOB I aad Saosauto FaaaT. Foot Marks* St.
>^0B^fej| WENAHDWOWErt.
UisBlgOfornnattarst
jyWf h 1 1» » (»»jO&n dlsch&rn»i,infl»nimationi.
E&O Onuuttt4 V3 Irritations or ulccratiom
B**I not u nrlotor*. "" of mucous niembrsaes.
1** "**! Prtwuf«iU^«. P»ln>n. and not aitria*
RTfTHEETAKSCHEWlCAlCa. gaat or poiionoas.
fgS&k CIKClM.1ATI.0.Bra| Sold by firanliti,
W^k C.S. A. a <jS^ or tent in plain wrapper.
■^"y^Wk, sfTHnH ' hT "XPTms. prepaid, for
\^tt£» WTB »100. or » bottles 12.7*.
■* Circular itat ca rtaant
' - - - ■ —
Jbatlway travel.
/Mala Llae. root of Market Street )
r..T« — rao» FaaaCAKT 1. 1904. - *Km - 7*T
~"7 nn. v»c»Tllle. Winter*. Kamsey... 750?
7 /.0fll Ben'cli: Suisan. Elmlra and 8^cr^
■rrnL vSleio? Kaf%**C»ilVtoii* *8aata
7J0a v 'J» > e i J a!'Martln«x. 8»a Ramoii S-20F
7.30a VIM. Ureraore, Tracy. LstUros.
tiJOA B»««» p itor CarUWt Spring.).
Willows, trruto. Ked Blu«.
Portlsad. Tacoms. Seattle 7.8V»
8.00* DaVSwoodIaad.KaUhML.odtt.,
MarysTlUC Ororlllo .—;••••• 7> «0'
«J0a rort Costa. MarttaM. Antlpco.
8J0A rort stocktoa. New-
a xo» Wiiei 8»a 'Jo«e, Llrermore. Stocg-
**° ion (tMlIton) lone, S.ersnieato,
PUcVrrllia. MarysTllle. Calco.
9 00* AaaSueKxpwss-OirdeaaadEasi. 1V20*
Hal Klchmond. Martlael aad Way g gQ?
10 00a Tha mt O°erlaad" LimlVed- Oktfei
1000a T^. BTert Omana , chlcsg*. 820?
Latbrop, Siocktoa. Merced.
Raynoa*. Fre.no. Go.aen Juac-
tioa. Hsaford. Lemoore, Viialla,
B»ker.flfli«. Los Angeles ....... 7Z0^
t.00» Hsjw.rd. Nile. »ad Way Stations. 3.20*
11 00t SwrsTaeatoRlTer Stesniers..... ; ..t11.00*
4j0p Bealcla, Winters. . f 8»crstneato.
Woodlaitd. Kalghts Landtag.
MsTTSTtlle. OroTille sad wsy j M0%
8J0» Hly^artlSnei VadW'.y ButiouH J-iO*
Uof Tort Costa, M.rtlaez, Byroa.
Tra«y, Lathrop, Modes*©,
Merced. Fre.ao and Wsy Sia-
tloiii beyond Port Co.U. ....... 1228»
HOT M«rtine«.Trsey. Stockton Lodl... 1020*
4 00* Martlaai.fianlUaioB.VaUeJo.Kapa>
Callst©!!.. Santa Rosa..."... ... f 2J*
4 08» Niles. Tr»cr. Stockton. Lodl ...... *-fZ r
4J0i H»r^<u-<!. Kile.. lrTlngtoa. SaaJ J8.50*
*"° a Jose. Llrermore 1 *1 1.53*
BjOQt Tn« Owl Limited— Newmaa, L«s
Banos. Mendota. Fre.no. Tulara,
Bakerifield. Lo« Angeles.
Ooldea State Limited Sleeper,
Oaklaad to Los Angeles, for Cal-
csgo, Tla C. R. I. * P —... ••'»*
I.OOr Fort Coita. Tracy, Stockton ~ 1?-I9*
t»J0r Hsywsrd. Kile* «od San Jose ..... 7.20*
f.00r H»yw»rd. Nile* and 6»n Jo»e, , 9&0*
I CQr K»«t«ri» E«pre»i»— Ogdr.n. DeaT«r.
Omaha. Si. Lonis. Chicago aad
East. Fort Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
mn, Elmlra, DstIs, Sscrawentu,
Rteklli, Auburn, Colf.x.
Tnickee. Boea. Reno. Wads*
warth. Winnemacea 82j»
1.0 Or Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... » -ten,
7. OOP Vallejo. Soadmy only \ ' "~~
7 00p Klcamond. »»a F»blo. Port Costa,
Mftrtlnes aod Way Stations 11.20*
SOSr Oreton * California Expre««— 8ao-
rameato, M»ry.Tllle. Bedding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 3-5CU
8.10* Bsywsrd, Kile* aad San Jo.e (Saa-
cayoaly) 11.50»
COAST LINE (5arrow ttaaxej.
(Foet »f Market Street.)
'•.16* Newark. Ceaterrllle. San Jo»«.
FeHon. Boalaer Creek, Santa
Cms aad Way Stations S5S*
t2.\tr Uewark, • Centenrllle. San Jo.a,
Kew Almnden.Los GMo«.Feiton.
Bonlder Creelr, 8aota Crax aad
PrlnclpM Wsy Station. ttO 53*
4.1BF Newark. Saa Jose, Losfistos and I t8.55 4
wsy stations ) flOoa*
«9 30r Banters Tnttn. Satarday only. Saa
Jote mnd Way Stations. Retnrn-
Ing from Loo Oatos San*«y only. t7 2S>,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 6AN r 'KAM'ISCO. Foot of Market St. '311»<i
— 17:15 1:00 11:00 *.*. 100 300 6.15 TM.
From OAKLAND, Foot ot Bro««way — t«:0O t»:(*
t3:03 10:09 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad 4iaa««>.
IF" (Third aad Towasend Street..)
6.10a 6«a Joaeand Way Station* B.JOr"
7-OOa Saa Jose and W*f Statlona 6-33»
800* New Almadrn (Tun., Frld., only). 410*
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Bollis-
ter). Psjaro. CMtroTllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Paciac Grore). Sallna*. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa M»r-
rarita, Saa Lais Oblspo, principal
•tailon* thence Surf (eonaectloa
for Lorn poo. principal (tatloas
tbenee Santa Barbara.Saa Bueaa»
▼eatura, SanKus. Los Anieeles... 10.49*
1.00* San Jo.ie. Tres Plnos. Capitols, *
8antaCruz.PaciacGroTe,Sa:iaM«.
Ssn Luis ObUpo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.39a Esn Jo«e and Way Stations. 1.20*
1140a Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos „
aad Way Station* 7.30*
1-3&P Etn Jo*e and War Stations 8-33*
J tOr Del Monte Rxpre**— Santa Clara.
San Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroTe (connect* at Santa.
Clara for Santa Cruz,
Creez and Narrow Gause Points)
at Gllroy for HolH.ter. Tres
Plnoa. at CastroTllle forSillaa*. 12-19*
8^0f Tres Pino* Wav Pa*»enzer 10-4^*
430f Saa Joae and Way Station* tS-OO*
l tS 00 r- San Jo*e. (tU Santa Clara) Loo
Gatos. and Principal' Way Sta-
tions (except Sandar) +9.00*
.b JOr San Joieaatt Principal Way Station* 13.40*
SXQi" £nnset Limited.— Kedwocd. S»a
Jnse.GUroy.9allaaii.Paso Koblea,
Can Luis Oblspo. 8s.nU Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demlntr. El Pato,
Kew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Ca«trovtlln for Paetflo
Grore and Way Stations 7.1B*
tS-lSr EaoMateo.Beresford.Belmoat.San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-<«q*
6 30r Sin Jose tad Way Station. 6-38*
803* Palo Alto and Wsy Station. 10.15*
11.30* South Saa Francisco, Millbrae.Bnr*
llngsme. San >U:eo. Beltnont,
Ssa CarVaa. Kedwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad falo Alto 9.45*
•11.39* MayfleM. Mountain View. Soaay
Tale, Lawrence, Santa, Clara, aad
San Jose t9-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternooa. "
t Sunday excepted. tSandsyonly.
a Saturday only.
I 6u>p* at all .utlons on Sunday.
tjromj train* (topping: at Valencia St- tout! nomad
*r*6:10».x..7:U0A.M.. 11:C0a.M..3: JU r.u_ «:30*.H. aal
1:00 r.M.
m
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COSCPAKT.
Tiburon Tarry. Toot ot Market Street.
SAN rKANCISCO TO SAK BArAEL.
WEEK DAYS— i:30. 9:W). 11:00 a. m.; lU:3i.
3:30. 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:CO. 0:30, 11:CO a. xn. ; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00. 6:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SA27 XAFA£L TO SAK PBABTC13CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. »:2O. li:15
a, m.; 12:Sf). SAO. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40. 4:55. S:C5, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Kffect | Arrivo
San Franclsco-I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina. I Sun- I Wetlt
Day. I days. ( tlon. ] days. 1 Days.
7:30a 8:00a 0:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ifnacick. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 i>
0:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:20 a 0:10 al 8:40 a
S:00a Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:0Bpl6:U0p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 pi
5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:00 a 10:40 a 10:2f)»
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p e:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p j
"Windsor. I . I
7:30 a 8:00 a Eraldsburs. 10:40 a'10 20 a
| l,ytton. | (
3:30 r 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 pi g;2o d
v Cloverdale. f [
7:30 al 8:00 a] Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:3f) pi and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:2O r»
■7:30 at S>, CO a| WilUta. | 7:35 p| 6:2O '■»
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ ~ I10-.4O allO SO a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Gnernevllle. | ?:35 p| «:2O p
7:::0 al 8:00 al Sonoma ' I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:!0 pi 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
~7:"0 at 8:00 at 110:40 a!10:2O a
; :;:3Q pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | T:35 p| «:2O p
t STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
yu^ntln; at Santa Rosa for "Whit* Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark Weat
.^prlnKs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
►crville for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdale for
iho Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
norland for Duncan Springs. Hlehland Sprinn
iveUeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lak-1
port and Bartlett Hprings: «t Uklah for Vich»
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
; pell Lake. Witter Sprint*. Upper Lake. Pomo.
I Potter \alley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly*
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*a
I Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Cazm>
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brag*
Westport. Usal; at Willita for Fort Brarc*
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vUle. Cumrainrs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol.
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
ductd rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
IL C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agt.
WesHy Cal. $1.00 wlteSPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE RANGE AND THE POLO FIELD
DERBY HORSES
WORKING WELL
Good Field Will Go to the
Post on Washington's Birth
day for This Turf Classic
THE PROMINENT E1JGIBLES
Bcarcatcher, Rockaway, F. E.
Shaw, Fonnaster and Others
Expected to Face the Barrier
A grood programme has been ar
renjred for this week at Ingleside
race course. It includes two handi
caps with a value of $1000 each for
three - year - olds and upward. One,
at -a mile and a sixteenth, will be run
on Wednesday and another at a mile
on Saturday. They should serve to
bring together many of the horses
that started in the Burns and Palace
Hotel handicap?.
The next important event to be de
cided is the California Derby, at a mile
and a quarter, for three-year-olds. It
will be run on Washington's birthday
and a high-class field is assured. The
event will have a value of more than
5i000. Among the prominent eligibles
are Bearcatcher, Ilockaway, Toledo,
Cascine. Forniaster. Judge, Mendon,
Captain Forsee, Dr. Rowell, Sacredus,
Uro Rose, Avenger, Ananias, F. E.
Shaw and T. J. Cox.
The Call still leads all of the news
paper handicappers. To date the
rect»rd is as follows:
Call 159
Examiner 14 9
Chronicle 135
ENTRIKS FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Futurity course; 4-year-olds and
up; Efllt&s:
<5014»The Toiler (Cotton) 103
6OQ3 Et-e Roscwater (Nichols) 10"
C980 ThaAieua (Burni> & Waterhouse) 102
5-.«W> Ilr. Sherman < White) 106
1*06 "Star Nova fCarli»l« & Co.) 07
Judge Shropshire (Jones).. 113
rtW5 Polonius <Pt*>wart & Co.) 112
M2O»E1 Pilar <Haskell) 101
«K<WJean Gravlor <BeckPr) 105
«5O29 Younp Morello (Soharetg) 108
51*44 "Chneno (EUsingame) 101
Second race — Half mile: 2-year-ol<S«; Belling:
f»i»7O Mopreitor (Bianchi A Oo.) 1O«
(iftti) Eduardo (Burns & Waterhouse) 105
CHS Edith Vice Ulildreth) 103
(Mciti •P-accharate iXapa Stock Farm) Wf
<.V.i7V)Mari" J tJones) 107
0015 Miss Tonopah (Washoe Stable) 103
Third race— Futurity course; 4-year-olds and
Dp: Selling:
i-j :;<> Fly>-r <Kyan) 100
r.-.f.r_> skip 5'e (Madison & Co.) Ill
<«004)*Lansdcwn* (Fitzgerald) 104
iWSS Quiz II <McCafferty) 113
ES944 UeUn Creely) 109
;o>Ct Marcllo (Qulnlan) 113
•• i l".t Modder <BucUho!tz) ....' 113
' •> ; : :- :..;■■-. «Mfc£T&ne) 116
WUnVMsfcera (Wilson) 10S
.Vf.fJ •Goddess of NUrht (Parks) 106
Fourth race — Three-<juarter» of a mile; 3
• • <"ar-olds 'and up: selling:
KflW)Murt*cm (Miller) 100
"'.c.:» •miiouon (Randall) 104
•^TF!ar.<ar (McCafferty) l<r_»
SOQ'CHctI (Gruwf-11) SO
■lit* *Mimo (Sheridan) »4
4127 *>"anonicuB (Jennings) 82
LS9S Rollick iJ'-nr*) ll»
Kirth race — Spvrn-elghths of a. mile; 3-year
olds and uii; .-:":;:
I'JiH *D^retn <.Boitger & Co.),... 102
•Ctanal.ar i.«xn:th) ."..- .'.". 97
ftOlt} Patt Master <Fink) 10U
C« :; "Candidate , Uowell) 104
«002«ErrjH (Williamt) 100
«oJ6Th" l>dae*n (Boots & Hollenbock). . .112
SWMiOutliuntt (McAlester) 112
«C27 Hr.(,'arth <rarmody) 102
UtUi "Virrie <!Or (McDowell) J02
Zi'M'M Grand Ssu-heni (Moran) 1CJ
5IK»4 Goldfinder (Fitzp«rald) 109
6i:27 'Florlanna Belle (Miller) 85
Fixth race — One mile; 4-ycar-oIds and up;
y*IiinF:
e**r, 'First Ch\p (Fitzgerald) 9%
<r>!U2>Oonstellator (Keating & Co.) 109
•Vm Nilgar (LtisT) 101
r.OTI Frank Woods (Garden City Stable) 1C9
BOtSCoJdra LiKht (McCafTerty) Ift5
«f»42 Mr. Eiftgie (Tiemey) 103
i •5007) Pierce J (Stover) 112
•Apprentice allowance.
PHOBA.BI.E -vrnnrEB-s.
First race — Jean Gravier, Tfcadfiens,
Youngr Xlorello. *
Second race — Marie J. Ednardo, Edith
Vice.
Third race — LuBdome, Whiskers,
riyer.
TovLvth race— Mnresca, Hlilouoa, rian
tazi
Tifth race — Past Master. Doreen,
Virrie d'Or.
sixth race — ConsteXIator. First Chip,
Pierce J. _ •
Jonah and the Whale.
.. . -As in the case of the story of Jonah
and his brief but intimate acquaintance
•with the whale, questions have been
raised about the authenticity of the
Etpry of the trip of the first houseboat,
:he ark. Was it possible to construct
i. vessel having the reputed capacity of
that famous craft? What were its di
rrensJons, anyway? These questions
have buzzed in the head of more than
one "old subscriber" and "constant
leader." The editor of the Syren and
Shipping has undertaken to answer
these questions and to lay for all time
t>r,y doubts as to whether the writer of
the story of the deluge was ignoi^nt of
the subject of shipbuilding. "Within
th<* last ten years," he says, "the gen
eral .dimensions of the ark have been
closely followed by cargo steamship
builders for de^p sea and the American
gicat lakes service. According to the
Bible the ark was 4S0 feet long, 80 feet
wide 8nd <S feet deep. Hnr tonnage
was 11.413, and she had plenty of room
for pairs of all the distinct species jf
zr.irnals that are classed by Buffon—
2H — and she could have accommodated
3000 persons and then have plenty of
room for the storage of supplies. In
the" seventeenth century Peter Jansen,
a Hollander, built a vessel of the exact
rroportlons of the ark and she was
successful, as records of the* times
thow/ in making money for her owners.
r.'oiih, 'the father of naval architecture,'
is held in profound respect by naval
architects of to-day, who know how
Immeasurably the Phoenicians, Greeks
aud Romans and all other shipbuilders
Cell short of the excellence of the type
cf the ark as a commodious, safe and
economical- vessel."— Baltimore Ameri
»a n.
Machine for Picking Cotton.
Another cotton picking machine
i ,n been perfected, and it has done
f..hl;- good work in the field. Nobody
t ::pects <:ver to ste a machine that can
r>ick cotton like a negro, but one can be
made that can pick the bulk of the crop
:md lf»a\v- only a part for hand pick-
In-: That v-ill Iw? a r~tra» help. If the
machine only picks two-thirds of the
cotton it v.ill make it possible to get
the oth^r third «>ut without so much
cost for labor. Tho new machine Is
*.-Jd to work well In Louisiana fields. —
Blnhinsham Ledger.
POLOISIS PLAY
IN THE RAIN
The Inclement Weather Does
Not Keep the Enthusiasts
From Their Favorite Pastime
REDS ARE VICTORIOUS
Score Six Goals to Opponents
Four Chiefly Through Work of
R. M. Tobin and L. McCrecry
The polojsts of the Burlingame
Country Club are commencing to feel
they are public benefactors as rain
makers. The mere announcement of a
polo game causes the clouds to Rather
and upon the appearance of the
ponies rain is sure to descend. These
were the conditions yesterday, but the
players were keen for a game and
they played through the driving mists.
The match attracted the largest
"gallery" of the season and the fair
spectators braved the elements and
saw the game out.
This was the match originally sched
uled Cor last Thursday and it proved
one of the best of the season. Five of
the visiting players took part. The
field was slippery and the player? were
not able to turn their ponies quickly.
The latter showed a noticeable lack of
condition, not having been played for
several days. The teams lined up:
REDS. WHITES.
Captain Chaplin. . F. .T. « ,r Ian.
R. SI. Tobln. F. J. Mackey.
Basil William. C. Raoul-Duvai.
L. McCreery. Captain Neil Halg.
Referee rhsrlfF Garland.
Umpire — E. E. Ezra
Timekeeper — J. O. Tobln.
The Reds won ultimately by a score
of six goals to four. Lawrence Mc-
Creery and R. M. Tobin made some
brilliant strokes and drew rounds of ap
plause from the spectators. The former
drove the ball early in the first round,
with one stroke, from the side line, near
the middle of the field, to Just outside
the goal post, failing to score by Inches.
He was more successful later in the
period, running the ball down the field
for a goal. The Whites also scored in
this period.
Captain Haig scored for the Whites
in the second period after a lot of fast
play. R. M. T<rbin evened the score in
the third period, but Charles Duval
placed the Whites one ahead before the
I bell sounded.
R. M. Tobin tied the score again in
the fourth period. F. J. Mackey pre
vented the Reds from scoring on three
occasions in this period. Each time he
sent the ball out of danger as it was
about to roll between the posts. .
The Reds scored twice In the fifth
period, Basil Williams and L. Mc-
Creery being the successful players. In
this period Mackey's pony fell, but as
he did not struggle no damage was
done and his rider was soon in the
thick of the scrimmage.
The comedy element of the game was
supplied by Haig and Williams in the
last period. They Indulged in a fierce
bumping match, but both came off un
scathed. Each side scored in this pe
| riod. *
The exodus of the polqlsts to Del
Monte commences to-day. The racing
and. the polo ponies will be- •shipped as
rapidly as possible and all will be on
the ground by Wednesday.
Will Play Polo on Bicycles.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14. — The Oakland
Wheelmen will hold a Pacific Coast
championship bicycle polo contest at
Foresters* Hall on Thursday evening,
the 25th inst. Their opponents will be
selected at the next meeting of the
club, which now holds the champion
ship of the coast- It has been chal
lenged by several cycling clubs of San
Francisco.
The club recently elected the fol
lowing officers to serve during the en
suing year: President. A. B. Moffatt;
vice president, John Warner; record
ing secretary, A. S. Gilbert; financial
secretary, Frank Bruzzone; captain,
Mel Moffatt; directors — J. O. Dohr
mann, Charles Eggleston, William
Martin and R. G. Brown.
England's "Ancient Lights."
Englishmen, at least the more pro
gressive among them, .are* finally
awakening to the absurdity of the old
lav,- which establishes what are known
as "ancient lights." Under this law
windows which have been in existence
for nineteen years or more cannot be
deprived of light by construction of
neighboring buildings without due
compensation having been made to the
owner. In other words, an owner of
land cannot erect a building which will
shut in any of the windows of neigh
boring buildings, providing the latter
have been in existence for nineteen
or more years, without making himself
liable to extensive damages. Moreover,
the damaged owner can prevent the
erection of any such building which will
take away his light if he wishes to do
so. The light, by virtue of the time he
has enjoyed it, has become a part of
his property. Efforts are now being
made to have this relic of past ages
repealed. It is this more than anything
else that has prevented. the erection of.
high buildings in London.— Exchange.
Senator Aldrich as a. Golfer.
Senator Aldrich is one of the athletic
figures of the national Senate. He Is
always trained down to fighting
weight; his step is as elastic as a
boy's, his bearing that of a muscular
man. '\ '\'
The secret is said to be in his devo
tion to the ancient game of golf. Near
his residence in Providence he pos
sesses expansive acres, on which is his
own private links. Many a morning
during the long summer and autumn
months finds him bright and early
whacking the elusive ball and chasing
It up hill and down dale.
It is claimed that the Senator is the
champion golf player In Congress.—
New. York Commercial.
A Light That Flickered.
Young man, set up as a jack lawyer,
run a peanut stand, becomes a cross
roads school teacher, dress up as an
educated -clown, like Jimmy Buff of
Silverton, and lecture on phrenology.
Income any kind oU case of arrested
development, but don't become an ed
itor. It wears out more intellectual
axle" grease and uses up more high
priced gray matter and brings, in Jess
returns than any of those lofty occupa
tions. Run- a successful bootblack
stand but don't run a newspaper. for
the dear, suffering. liberty loving pub
lic—Salem (Or.) Journal. .
The deaths by violence in Chicago
during 1983 numbered 2571; of these
492 were suicides.
THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 190-1.
BARGE SCORES
OVER TILLIE R
Kims in Great Form in Every
Course and Easily Beats His
Opponent in Deciding Round
MANY EXCITING CHASES
Sacramento Hounds Carry Off
the Honors at Union Park
by Running 1 One, Two, Three
The highly bred little Sacramento
greyhound, Barge, was the star per
former yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. From the first course he was
in the going every minute of the time.
None of the other dogs seemed to
have a chance when Barge was there
and, he carried away the honors in the
deciding course against Tillie R with
out turning a hair.
All day long the dogs were running
well. The performers from Sacra
mento were there exceedingly strong
and landed one, two, three in the final
wind-up. Tillie R was second to Barge
and next in line came Pocatelli, also
from the Capital City. '
Barge was a 1 to 5 choice over Tillie
R when they were slipped in the final
event of the day. As soon as the dogs
started in their little chase around the
lot the greenest man inside the gates
of the park could see the odds were
justifiable. Barge took the first turn
and the next and so he kept on till
he killed the hare and scored in all 24
points against Tillie R's 3.
Free From Flaw and Vina ran three
undecided courses in the first round.
All of the trials were hot ones
and the spectators kept cheering the
game hounds on. Finally Vina won
out by a narrow margin. This same
trick was repeated in the same round
by Fenii and Cubanola. Fenii stood
the pace in better form and finally
got away with the course after the
third trial. Following are the day's
results, with Judge P. J. Reilly's of
ficial scores:
Open etake, first round— Ordinance beat Miss
Green, 4-3: Queen's Motto beat Krishna, 8-1;
Barge beat Amandan. 7-0; Rocker Arm beat
Irvington Tralee. 6-1; Silver Heelg beat Red
Rock, 5-3; Vandal beat Maid o p the Glen. 0-4;
Raby Aurora beat Anna Ryne, 12-2; Idaho
Boy beat J E H. 2-1: Liberator beat Rollo
Wella. 4-3; Clarice beat Wedgewood. 3-2; Vina
beat Free From Flaw. 2-0; Donnybrook beat
Rockefeller. 7-0; Black Boy beat Orsina, 4-3;
Richard Anton beat Laughing Water, 3-0;
General de Wet beat Barefoot Boy, 4-3; Ad
vertiser beat Haughty Helen, 3-0; Golden
Links beat Pepper Jack, 3-2; Sea Lion beat
Bill Dugan, 6-0; The Referee beat Ruby San
key, 3-2; Fenll beat Cubanola, 3-0: Pocatelli
beat ComBtock. 5-2; Texas Betty beat Silver
Cloud. 6-1: Duhallow beat Niobe, «5-0; RaB
time beat Cloverdale, 3-0; Colored Lady beat
Balendlne, 6-4; Ttllie R beat Gifmore Girl.
6-0: Apple Blossom beat Ml Amiyo, 10-7; Fair
Tralee beat John Heenan, 6-2; Gambit boat
Haredlne, 6-0; Tom King beat Snapper Garri
son, 7-1: Medley beat Tralee Boy, 0-5; Sem
pronius beat Haphazard. 4-2.
Second round— Queen's Motto beat Ordinance,
10-0; Barge beat Rocker Arm, 6-2; Silver Heels
beat Vandal, 15-4; Raby Aurora beat Idaho
Boy, lt»-9; Liberator beat Clarice, 3-2; Donny
brook beat Vina, 6-5; Richard Anton beat
Black Boy, 5-4; Advertiser beat General de
Wet, 5-3; Sea Lion beat Golden Links, 3-0;
The Referee beat Fenii, 0-2; Pocatelli beat
Texas Betty, 10-8; Duhallow beat Ragtime. 4-2;
Tillie R beat Colored Lady. 7-4; Apple Blos
som beat Fair Tralee. 4-0; Gambit beat Tom
King, 5-2; Setnpronius beat Medley, 4-3.
Third round — Barge beat Queen'e Motto, 6-0;
Silver Heel* 1 , a bye. Raby Aurora withdrawn;
Liberator, a bye, Donnybrook withdrawn; Ad
vertiser, a bye, Richard Anton withdrawn;
The Referee beat Sea Lion, 16-7; Pocatelli
beat Duhallow, 6-0; Tillie R beat Gambit, 0-3;
Apple Blossom beat Sempronlus, 16-0.
Fourth round — Baree beat Silver Heels, 5-0;
Pocatelli beat The Referee, 8-3; Tillie R. a
bye; Advertiser beat Liberator. 14-2.
Fifth round — Barge beat Advertiser, 4-2;
Tillie R beat Pocatelli. 3-0.
Deciding course — Baree beat Tillie R, 24.-3.
Bacteria Made Merry.
There was great chuckling and much
nudging of each other in. the ribs
among the bacteria whose habitat is
the Park Row terminal of the Brook
lyn bridge when they read the address
to the public by the advisory board to
the Health Commissioner having to do
with pneumonia and the causes lead
ing up to the same. In this address
the board set forth' the following,
among other things:
"The bacteria germs which are the
immediate excitants of pneumonia are
usually conveyed in the dust of air.
Feather dusters should be abandoned
and moist cloths used for dusting.
When practicable sweeping should be
done in the evening, so that floating
dust may completely settle before its
removal by moist cloths in the morn
ing."
It was this which brought ear-to-ear
grins to the droll visages of the Brook
lyn bridge bacilli yesterday. Bacillus
Tuberculosis, roosting under the main
stairway, had been reading it to his
bosom pal, Diplococcus Pneumoniae.
"Dippy, old man," he said, jocularly,
turning to his chum, "the moist cloth'll
get you if you don't watch out."
Laying a finger against his nose and
winking his port eye expressively, Dip
lococcus Pneumonlae.flew off to Join a
small group of about 90,000,000 of his
fellows who were starting over to
Brooklyn on the back of a motorman's
neck.
The amusement of the bacteria over
the advisory board's address to the
public was hjorn of the fact that moist
cloths are not used to dust the bridge
terminal, albeit the sweeping and the
cleaning of it is done in the daytime.
And they knew that the terminus was
one of the most popular hangouts In
town, with bacteria of all kinds and
varieties.— Exchange.
The Only One of the Kind.
The woman entered the ticket office.
"I want a ticket to Pittsburg on the
Limited," $he said.
The clerk looked doubtful.
"Don't you want to know how much
It costs?" he asked.
"I've seen your advertised rate," she
said. y
"But of course you expect to get a
discount of some sort?"
"No."
"Well, surely you want to know how
much you'd save by going on another
train V
"No. The Limited suits me."
"Or perhaps you'd like to have me
explain why excursion tickets are not
good on that train?"
"Don't you want to know if the rate
Is likely to go down 50 cents if you wait
over until to-morrow?"
"No." .
"Or why it's higher than it was last
summer?" . v ■
"No." '.'■:■
"Or if you can stop ' over for two
weeks somewhere to visit your Aunt
Samantha?" \
"NO.". .Vl'^.jy
The clerk leaped over the counter. 3
"Pardon me, madam," he said, "but
are you married?"
"Yes."
"It's too bad," he slshed. "but I
might have known such a prize would
not be unclaimed. I haven't seen-an
other like you In all the time I've been
here."— Brooklyn Eagle. I
FAST COURSER
IS FULL MOON
Beats Quita iu a Hard-Fought
Deciding Trial in Champion
Stake at Ingleside Park
VAN ALBA A WINNER
Hounds Arc Given Some Hard
Running by Merced Hares,
Which Prove a Lively Lot
In a hotly contested course Full
Moon, one of the fastest greyhounds in
the country, beat Quita in the cham
pion stake yesterday at Ingleside cours
ing, park. George Nethercott's Quita
held her own pluckily throughout the
stake until she met Reddy's wonderful
dog. The course made the spectators
forget everything else while it lasted.
Relief dogs were called upon frequent
ly during the day.
In the open stake Van Alba gained
a victory over Golden Rule after a con
test as thrilling as the chariot race in
"Ben Hur." The scores in both stakes
were close and there was hardly a lull
in the interest of the crowd during the
entire afternoon.
The results in detail, with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— Fairy Belle beat
Pure Pearl, 12-4; Meddlesome beat Rose of
Gold. 13-10; Comique beat Tamora. 0-8; Har
lean Gladys beat Equator. 3-1; Van Nora beat
Yellow Tail, 13-6; Van Alba beat Dartaway,
C-0; lone Hill beat Northern Alarm, 23-11;
Mollle Me beat Rock and Rye, 10-0; Our Min
nie beat Rich Argosy, 4-0; Prometheus beat
Texas Jill. 6-3; Loretta beat Topsy Turvey,
7-5; Haddlngton beat Una, 0-8; Charming
Thought beat Odd Eyes, 3-2; Golden Rule beat
Lord Granard, 3-0; Bob R beat Don Pedro,
5-1- Conroy beat Lady Menlo, 12-10; v Viklns
beat Brilliancy, 16-11; Belfast beat * Frisco
Lad, 4-2; Fancy Free beat Fannie Hughle,
8-4; Lily York beat False Alarm, 5-1.
Second round— Meddlesome beat Fairy Belle,
12-9; Comique beat Harlean Gladys, 7-6; Van
Nora, a bye; Van Alba beat Mollle Me, 2-0;
Our Minnie beat Prometheus. 6-2; Loretta beat
Haddington, 17-8; Golden Rule beat Charming
Thought, 6-0; Bob R'beat Conroy. 10-5; Bel
fast, a bye; Lily York, a bye.
Third round — Meddlesome beat Comique. 2-0;
x Promenthcu8 beat Van Nora, 6-3; Van Alba
beat Loretta, 11-10; Golden Rule, a bye; Bob
R beat Lily York. 6-1.
Fourth round — Van Alba beat Meddlesome,
3-0; Golden Rule beat Promotheus, 7:5; Bob
R a bye. •
Fifth round — Van Alba beat Bob R, 16-0;
Golden Rule a bye.
Deciding course — Van Alba beat Golden
Rule, 7-6. )
Champion stake: First round — Presidio
Boy beat Mount Rose, 7-5; Homer Boy beat
Dock Burns, 12-3; Lord- Brazen beat Clover
Blossom, 5-3; Reckless Acrobat beat Crawford
Belle, 4-1; Troublesome beat Cloudburst. 8-3;
Quita beat Pasha Pleasant, 9-2; Red Pepper,
beat Ragged Actor, 8-0; Full Moon beat Our
Motto, 4-3; Celtic beat Money Musk, 11-5;
Honest John beat Youngr Klamath, 16-1;
Charter Member beat Texas Hoo Hoo, 6-0.
Second round — Presidio Boy beat Homer
Boy, 5-3: Reckless Acrobat beat Lord Brazen,
5-1; Quita beat Troublesome, ; Glaucus
beat Red Pepper. 18-12; Full Moon beat Cel
tic, 6-3: Charter Member a bye.
Third round — Reckless Acrobat beat Pre
sidio Boy. 4-0; Quita a bye; Full Moon beat
Charter Member. 5-3.
Fourth round—Qulta beat Reckless Acrobat,
10-1; Full Moon a bye.
Deciding course — Full Moon beat Quita, 5-4.
ENGLISH ACTOR
IS INDIGNANT
Sir Henry Irving Criticizes
Chicago Officials and Says
He Is Yictim of Injustice
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— The city authori
ties have prevented the use of "spot
lights" In Sir Henry Irving's production
of "The Bells," and have compelled the
stage management to use instead In the
dream scene a strong incandescent
light. This action, In connection with
other safeguards which have been
placed about Chicago theater audiences
since the Iroquois disaster, has caused
no little annoyance to the English
actor, who expressed his displeasure
when called before an audience at the
close of his performance in the Illinois
Theater. In the course of his remarks
Sir Henry said;
"I trust that you will not misunder
stand me if I refer to the recent fearful,
lamentable disaster which occurred
here— the disaster which was the result
of panic. Panics are always terrible,
and the disasters they produce are al
ways terrible. That which occurred
casts no reflections on your city or on
the theaters in your city, for It could
have occurred in any other city in the
world, and in a cathedral, in a church
or in a railway station just as easily
as In the theater.
"But it has produced a panic— a nanic
among your officials. And I would like
it to be thoroughly understood by you
that sometimes much injustice may be
done by jacks in office. And I would
earnestly beg, of you to exert all youf
influence to allay the feeling of panic
which at present exists among officials
of your city.".
TWO PROMINENT MINERS
WAYLAID AND BEATEN
Cowardly .Assault Is Made at Trinidad
Upon Members of National Board
of Mine Wonkers.
TRINIDAD, Colo.. Feb. 14.— William
Fairly and James Mooney, members of
the National Board of the United Mine
Workers of America from Alabama and
Missouri respectively, were « waylaid
this afternoon on the road between
Majestic and Bowen, dragged from
their buggy and beaten by eight men,
with stones and six-shooters, and left
lying on the road. Mooney was seri
ously injured and had to be 7 taken to
a hospital. No arrests have yet been
made. It is reported that the men
were attacked by guards at the conl
mines. .
VIOLA ALLEN UNDERGOES
A SEVERE OPERATION
Actress Is Suffering From Mastoiditis
and Her Engagement Tem
porarily, Ends. ;!•;•
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— Viola Allen,
whose engagement in "Twelfth Night"
at the Knickerbocker Theater \ was
brought to a temporary close last night
on account of her illness, underwent an
operation . for mastoiditis at the Eye
and Ear Hospital . to-day. The sur
geon who performed the operation dis
covered, that the actress was Buffering
from mastoiditis in its most advanced
form.
"Had Miss Allen delayed in having
this operation twenty-four hours," he
said, after it was over, Vshe could not
have lived. The 'brain Is exposed In
two places and it will take several days
to tell what the outcome will b«."
THISTLE TEAM
WINS MATCH
Their Opponents Not Appear
ing, Iteferee Logan Awards
Game to San Francisco Men
VAMPIRES BEAT HORNETS
Eight Disgruntled Oaklanders
Are Easy Victims of Crack
Eleven From Alameda County
Yesterday proved an unsatisfactory
one for .the lovers of association foot
ball. So many of the players thought
the ground at Idora Park would be too
wet for play that they failed to put In
an appearnce.
The match between the Thistle and
Pickwick teams fpr the championship^
of the California league was not played,
being forfeited to the Thistles, who had
their full team on the ground, while
only one member of the Pickwick elev
en was on hand. At 1 p. m., the time
set for beginning play, the Thistle team
went into the field,, in the center of
which the ball was" placed, kicked it
down and into the net, scoring a goal.
Norman Logan, the referee, awarded
the match to the Thistles, whd scored
two" points.
At 3 p. m. the match between the
Oakland Hornets and the Vampires be
gan. The Vampires had a full team,
but the Hornets began with only seven
players, one more joining them later.
The Hornets seemed much disgruntled
and played a rough, quarrelsome game,
in which they were encouraged by in
judicious supporters on the side lines.
Referee C. W. Irish awarded three or
four free kicks within the penalty area
to the" Vampires and many free kicks
in the field.
In the first few minutes of play Kay
kicked a goal for the Vampires, and
soon afterward Petersen scored a goal
from a penalty kick. A second penalty
kick awarded to the Vampires was
taken by Petersen, but went to one side
of the goal. In the second half the
Vampires scored two more goals, one
being from a penalty kick. During this
period Shand, the center forward of the
Hornets, was ruled off the field by the
referee for refusal to comply with in
structions.
The Vampires were represented by a
new man as goalkeeper: Petersen, cap
tain and left back; Theberge, right
back; Harwood, left halfback; Turner,
center halfback; Glarner, right half
back; Lees, outside left forward; Kay,
inside left forward; "Wilding, center
•forward; Showell, Inside right, and
Buchly, outside right.
The following players wore the black
and orange jersey of the Hornets: Pom
eroy, goalkeeper: McKenzie, fullback;
Bird and Chambers, halfbacks; Pod
more, Morrison, Shand and Cowell, for
wards.
The ground, though soft, was in fair
condition at the opening of the game,
but a light rain which fell during the
play rendered the grass slippery and
falls were frequent. - •
In the morning there was to have
been a match on the ground at Webster
street, Alameda, between the hospital
corps "and the second eleven of the
Vampires, but on account of the ab
sence of the latter it did not take place.
The members of the hospital corps and
some players picked up on the ground
took part in a practice game.
Labouchcrc on Wilhclm I. R.
There Is an individuality about him
that attracts. He seeks to excel in
every art, and his lively genius enables
him to become, if not a master, at least
a creditable proficient in almost all.
Whether he really believes In his right
divine to rule Is perhaps doubtful, but
most undoubtedly he Is an able ruler,
though he is sometimes a little indis
creet in his language and lays down
the law before he has fully thought the
subject out. Generally speaking, how
ever, he takes a broad, statesmanlike
view of things, and he has done much
to galvanize the dormant energies of
his countrymen in trade and manufac
ture and to make his empire a great
workshop.
We blame him for insisting upon a
strong navy. But were we Germans
I do not think that we should ques
tion that this is almost a necessity if
Germany is to become what she aims
to be. So, too, In regard to the army.
Germany has no natural frontiers. She
is surrounded by powers that, were
they to combine, would probably crush
her. She knows that sne holds Als'ace
and Lorraine by the sword, and that,
however peaceful a French ruler may
be, France would strike for her lost
territory were Germany engaged in a
serious contest with any of her other
neighbors. The mistaken policy of an
nexing these provinces, for which the
present Emperor was not responsible,
imposes on him the necessity of a
strong and effective army.
The difficulties of Germany are great.,
and the Emperor has always seemed
to me to have shown considerable abil
ity In meeting them.— London Truth.
Dead Letter Oftlc- Sale.
In London a short time ago a sale
was held of a* quantity of miscellaneous
property from the returned letter officel
It formed eighty-eight lots, of a va
riety sufficient to stock a universal
provider in a large way of business.
Literature, music, clothing, millinery,
Imitation jewelry, cigars and tobacco,
wines, spirits and mineral waters, gro
ceries, confectionery, boots, umbrellas,
table cutlery • comprised the main
classes of goods for sale. Other Items
defied classification, such as four boxes
containing a" quantity of patent foods,
etc.," which realized 8 shillings. In
these boxes were samples of every
medical food and every patent medicine
known to. man. ,? /
Most of the clothing went at an
average of less than 1 shilling a gar
ment, for much of it was second-hand.
Some prices were startling. Enough
confectionery to start a small shop
went for a few shillings; 147 hats, caps
and bonnets realized 13 shillings; 40
men's white and colored shirts made
£1. A curious lot, consisting of a hunt-
Ing coat, a tunic, a cape, a pair of
breeches, two naval Jerseys, six white
drill Jackets and three pairs of white
drill trousers fetched 11 shillings.
There was one pathetic lot, a bottle
of Irish whisky, the label of which
wished "A Happy- Christmas" to the
man it never reached.— Dublin News. :
' All Austrian officers possessing ; mo
tor cars have been ordered by the Min
ister of War to report themselves for
service, bringing their /machines.'
FAKTOR LOSES
TO SCHUSTER
Is Beaten by One Point in the
Champion Class Event of
Gcrmania Schuetzen Club
GEHRET IN GREAT FORM
Finishes Far Ahead of All
Competitors iii the Fifty-Shot
Match of the .Golden Gates
Although the day was dark and
gloomy, it did not prevent a large
number of riflemen assembling at Shell
Mound Park yesterday to participate
in the several shooting events sched
uled. F. P. Schuster made" 4SS rings in
his medal record of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vereln and 229 rings in his
ten-shot string in the Germania
Schuetzen Club. In this event he beat
D. B. Faktor by just one point and
won the honors of the champion class.
In the 50-shot match of the Golden
Gate Club Al Gehret was far ahead of
all competitors with 1117 rings to his
credit, his nearest contestant being
Max Kolander with 1027. In tha pis
tol competition of the same club Wil
liam F. Blaese on two different trials
made the excellent score of 93 out of a
possible 100 rings.
Several enthusiastic marksmen In
this city have organized an indoor rifle
and pistol club for the purpose of prac
ticing evenings during the week. They
have engaged Quarters in the central
part of the city, where they have put
up ten targets — five for rifle practice
and five for pistol. The organization
is known as the Pacific Indoor Rifle
and Pistol Club. The officers are;
President, F. V. Kingston; vice presi
dent, G. E. Frahm; secretary, H:
Gruppe; treasurer, Max Kolander;
shooting masters, J. Kullmann, G.
Prichard, H. Hoadley; range commit
tee, M. F. Blasse, H. Frahm and the
shooting masters. Rifle shooting will
be conducted on the 25-yard range at
the 25-ring reduced target and
pistol practice will be held at
20 yards at the standard Ameri
can reduced target. The first
prize contest will be held i Thurs
day evening next at the new range, 933
Mission street. As the club has more
than fifty members, a close competi
tion is expected.
At the high jinks of the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club held at Shell
Mound Park the members of the or
ganization presented Captain L. Slebe
with a diamond locket in honor of his
twenty-fifth anniversary as proprietor
of the park.
Considerable enthusiasm is manifest
among the University of California
cadets in regard to rifle practice. They
have already issued three challenges to
companies interested in target matters
and intend to spend considerable time
at the range to perfect themselves for
the contests. The scores recently made
by tbe cadets would be an honor to
older and more experienced marksmen.
The scores made by the various or
ganizations follow: t
San Franclcco Schuetzen ' Vereln. monthly
medal competition — Champion highest score,
F. P. Schuster 438: champion highest class,
not tilled: first class. George II. Bahra 4C5:
second class, not rilled; third class. John de
Wit S51; fourth class. A. Schaefer 355; beat
first shot. H. Stelllne 25: best last shot. It.
Stettin 20. Competitive shoot— First class. F.
P. Schuster 205; second class. John Gefken
214; third class, H. Bornholdt 193; fourth
class. A. Schaefer ISO.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shooting — First champion class, F. P. Schus
ter 229; second champion clasp, W. F. Blasse
211; first cla«s, H. Stellin? 200; second class.
Max Kolander 204; third class, H. Meyer 105;
best first ehot. F. P. Schuster 23; best last
shot. Al. Gehret 25.
Goldtn Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition — Fifty-shot match — Al. Gehret
1117, Max Kolandcr 1027. Re-entry match —
A. Gehret, 232. 223, 222. 221. 210; M. F.
Blasse, 222. 218; W. F. Blasse. 220; M. Kolan
der, 213. 208, 207, 20«, 205; H. P. Nelson. 203.
Gold medals — Al. Gehret 220. O. A. Bremer
211. Silver medal— H. P. Nelson 209. Bronze
medals — George Tammeyer, 217, 210. 20tl» 204,
204; A. M. Poulsen, . 207. 173: E. Englander,
17D, 144: W. Greaven. 173. 1CS. Medal bar—
G. Tammeyer 209. Pistol competition — Bronze
medal — G. E. Frahm. 01, 87, 87, 86, 85; J.
Kullmann, 84: E. C Cordell. 79. 78, 67. Re
entry match — W. F. Blasse, 93, 03, 90. 88, 86,
80; J. Kullman. 87; G. E. Frahm. 85; E.C. Cor
dell, 7», 78; Charles Becker, 84, 84. 78, 78; H.
P. Nelson, 80, 74, 75, 75. Military revolver,
bronze medal — J. Kullman, 81. Re-entry
match— William Proll, 91, 00, 83. 88. 8S, 87,
87, S5, SO, 84, S2: Charles Cleveland, 76. 69. 67;
E. Somerville, 75. • "
Norddeutacher Schuetzen Club. monthly
bullseye shooting — G. Schulz 200 points J.
Gefkin 302, H. Huber 660, D. 8teKttnann 651.
H. Mayer 008. D. Salfleld 048 H. Munster 964,
F. C. Rust 10C11, Captain J. ThodelOU, William
F. Garms 1207.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shooting —
Sergeant C. Iverscn 3S. J. Donovan 42, Cap
tain H. Schllchtmann 67 W. Cook 55 J H.
Kuhlk* 41, C. Frederlckson 38. W. Ewing 34.
W. Gaetjen 0. H. Gaetjen 27, C. Herring 31.
T. Lorenzen SO, Sergeant C. Andrews 63, J.
Bellmer JSO, Sergeant C. Schneider 39, E.
Ruhland 23.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye shooting— H. C. Holmqulst 21 points.
O. A, Poulsen 21W, J. Cobby 22H. L. R. Mur
phy 28. C. Otten 35, II. Lenge 37%. W. Guild
4fi, H. McKenley 54. H. Windmuller 58, H.
Vogel 6S, a. Poulsen 61. A. Kamm 61. C.
Prle»C2}4. A. Thompson C5, P. Ramm C6Vi.
W. Greaves 08 W. Slebe 60%. F. Slebe 72.
W. Paulson 73, Captain G. Larson 76. O.
Llebscher 77. R. S. Wlxson 77, F. O. Schul
lerts 7S. H. W. Klelnenbrolch 82. H. P. Nelson
03. Practice shooting — W. Guild 148 109.
total 253; Dr. L. V. Prates 153. 151, total 304;
J. A. I-ogue 16.1. 160. total R23: U A. Fratea
ino 135." total 304; H. Skinner 121. 154. total
275; P. A. Paulson 141. 72. total 213; R. S.
Wlxson 184, 1M1,. total 305.
University Cadets, trial team scores — J. C.
Whitman 45. R. I. Turner 41, R. S. Danlel9
42 A. R. Whitman 40. R. O. Hoed#l 41. W.
Sperry 39. W. N. Gabriel S3. J. Fry 3fl. H. F.
Adler 37. J. M. Nightingale 3S. J. Maddox 37.
W. I*. Robertson 36. J. L. Dobbins "6, Cap
tain T. Williamson 43. Manager S. E. Mont
gomery 42, J. A. Pierce 44.
BASKETBALL LEAGUE
ARRANGES SCHEDULE
The College Women Admit the San
Jose Normal School to
the Fold.
BERKELEY, Feb. 14.— Delegates
from the four clubs- of the Women's
Basket-ball League, meeting yesterday
in Hearst Hall, arranged the schedule
of games for the coming season. Ac
cording to this schedule the University
of Nevada will meet the San Jose Nor
mal'School; the University of Califor
nia will- meet Stanford University; the
winners of the two preliminaries then
to meet and decide which is to play
Mills College, last year's champions,
for the championship. The dates for
these games was left for the teams to
decide by mutual agreement.
The delegates admitted the San Jose
Normal School team to the league up
on application, making five teams in
the league. It was- also decided that
only women should officiate in league
games. ■ All expensese are to be met
by the league.
The delegates were Miss Potter-
Gardner of Mills, Miss Downle of Stan
ford, Miss Cameron of Nevada, Miss
Talcott of California. . San Jose was
not represented.
At least this may be said of the man
who committed suicide: He had h la
own way and doesn't look any happier
for it.
RAIN SPOILS
TENNIS PLAY
Experts Find Opportunities Be
tween Showers for Inter
esting Tournament Matches
MACGAVIN IN THE LEAD
Is Outpointing: George Baker
on the Park Courts When
Competition Is Stopped
The wet weather yesterday Interfered
seriously with the plans of the tennis
players. The Golden Gate Park en
thusiasts enjoyed a few matches be
tween showers, but the tournament
was not nearly completed. In the
first class only two matches were
finished, a third being stopped in the
second set.
Thrs contestants in the latter were
Drummond MacGavin and George
Baker, two of the best men in the class.
The first set was a close and a prettily
played one. MacGavin played a reck
less game and took chances, while
Baker got the balls *back- The Cali
fornia Club man took the set and led
at 4-3 in the second, when the rain In
terfered.
In the other matches Carl Gardner
beat James Code and Crarence Griffin
disposed of George Bates. Code made
a much better showing than was ex
pected against Gardner. The veteran
took the second set and made his
younger opponent extend himself to
win. Bates was no match for Griffin.
The latter won two straight sets.
In the fourth class ten of the thirty
two players entered were weeded out.
Of the ten matches played only one re
quired three sets. The only match that
was at all close was that between Dr.
Lovegrove and D. Darns. The doctor's
daily practice put him in good shape
and enabled him to pull through. The
first two sets were closj», but Lovegrov*
wen the third easily.
The following matches were played in
the fourth class:
J. K. Turner beat E. G. Blgi»low. 8-2. «-2:
G. Hall beat A. Joseph. 6-4. 6-O; M. Martin
beat C. Quick, 6-2. 6-1; T. Allan beat. E.
Price. 6-1, 6-2; Dr. Lov«rro<ve b**t D. Darn«.
C-4. 5-7, 6-2; G. Guerin beat M. Edwards,
6-2, fi-2; W. Hall beat W. Teller. 6-1. 6-0;
M. Long beat W. Wilson. 6-0. 7-3; H. Gets
beat M. Little, 6-1, o-3; M. Howell beat II.
Miller, 7-5. 6-4.
On account of the big tournaments to
be played at Oakland on the 21st and
22d inst. the Golden Gate Club has post
poned play in the first, second and
third classes to the 2Sth. The fourth
class, however, will be completed next
Sunday. Most of the cracks from the
park will compete at Oakland, and* are
also desirous of playing in the first
class.
The suggestion from across the bay
to hold a bay counties championship In
singles and doubles is a good one. but
could not be accomplished until all tho
clubs on both sides of the bay. Join the
Pacific States Lawn Tennis Association.
The California and Golden Gate clubs
on this side of tho bay are members,
but several of the Alameda County
clubs are not. When all are in the as
sociation it will be an easy matter for
them to arrange for cups emblematic
of the championships. An annual event
of this kind would meet with the ap
proval of the tennis enthusiasts on
bcth sides of the bay.
On the California Club courts yester
day many of the experts were out, but
most of the matches were either short
or unfinished. The showery weather
made it impossible to play for any
length of time.
In singles Frank Stringham won a
close set from Frank Mitchell. A. W.
Worthington played a fine game when
he won the first set from Stringham.
The latter won the next three. Pro
fessor Crawford beat Ray Cornell eas
ily.
In doubles Grant Smith and Harry
Rolfe won the first set from Frank
Mitchell and Chet Smith. The" score In
the second set was also in their favor,
being 2—0.
Gus Lisser showed great' Improve
ment in his matches with Charles
Kuehn and Cornell. He almost won a
set from the latter. Scores:
E Robblna tied G. Lisser, 6-4. 1-9: T.
Strlnsham beat F. S. Mitchell. 8-6; String
ham beat A. W. Worthingtcn, 1-6. 6-4, 6-3. 6-2:
G Smith and H. Rolfe beat C. Smith and
Mitchell, 6-4. 2-0; L. Wood beat B. Wood.
6-4 7-5: R T. Crawford beat R. B. Cornell.
6-l| 6-4; H. Gabriel beat B. Drolla. 6-4. 6-3.
6-2 6-7. 6-0: W. BlalsdeU beat Gabriel, 6-4.
6-7, 6-4; C. O. Kurlin heat Lisser. 6-1; Droll*
beat Dr. Lovegrove two sets to one; Cornell
beat Lisser, 8-6, 6-0; Drolla beat Lisser,
8-6. 6-2.
The California Club will hold a hand
icap doubles tournament for the Di
rectors' cup on the 22d.
INDEPENDENTS WIN FROM
ROVTiR FOOTBALL TEAM
Eddie Fay of Victorious Club Slakes
Two Spectacular Scores Toward
Close of Game.
At the Presidio Athletic grounds th«
Independents defeated the Albion Rov
ers yesterday afternoon, after an ex
citing game of association football, by
the score of 9 to 0.
Owing to the rain there were but few
enthusiasts in the grand stand, but the
few who did venture out did their ut
most toward making the affair a suc
cess from a rooter's standpoint.. When
in the beginning of the second half of
the game the score stood 5 to 0 in favor
of the Independents, a mlgnty cry went
up from the side lines to "make it awf
a dozen" and "'it 'im good old chap"
until at the close of the game the In
dependents were six in the lead.
The game throughout was poorly
played and the winning team won out
in a very slipshod manner;
Eddie Fay, who made two of the
points, was the feature of the game.
The Independent team will play for
the Coast medal on the Oakland
grounds next Saturday.
Copper Production in 1D03.
According to authentic figures on th«
production of copper for the year 1903
the output both from this country and
the world at large was the largest on
record. The following figures show the
production for 1901. U02 and 1903:
Country. 1903. 1902.* 1901.
United States.. 318.881 303.446 272.609
Spain. Portugal. 51.000 49.790 53,821
Mexico ....:.'.. 48.000 35.785 23,795'
Chile - 30.000 28.930 3O.7SO
ja^i, , 31.000 29.775 27.475
Germany 22.000 21.B05 21.720
Canada 32.600 17.485 1S.S0O
Australasia .... 29.000 28.640 30.875
Miscellaneous .. 37.000 -35.860^ 36.317
Total 589.361 651.318 515.993
The following table gives the annual
production of the United States and of
tho world since 18S0 In long tons:
Year. United States. World.
1880 27.000 153.359
1885 74.052 225.5!):$
1890 ■. 115.91*5 269,435
1895 169.917 234.565
1901 .- 272,600 515.992
1900 265.111 485.854
1902 303.446 551.31*
1503 318.861 5S9.361
— New York Commercial.
1314
SWISS KILLED
BY MILL HAND
Pierce Lagler, a Tanner, Is
Struck by Harry Waidelich
and His Skull Is Fractured
DEBAUCH ENDS IN DEATH
Assailant Is Booked at City
Prison for Murder, but Says
the Killing Was Accidental
Pierce Lagler, a Swiss tanner resid
ing at the San Bruno Hotel, San
Bruno avenue and Army street, was
fatally injured Saturday night by be
ing struck and knocked down by
Harry Waidelich. a millhand. I^agler
died yesterday morning at the City
and County Hospital.
The unfortunate Swiss was in an in
toxlc_ted condition in a saloon at the
corner of Twenty-fourth street and
Potrero avenue Saturday night.
Waidelich and Charles S. Scroff. who
lives at 2S65 Twenty-second street, en
tered the saloon to got a drink before
going to the masquerade ball given
that night at Mannerbur.d Hall by the
Ped Men. Lasler was In the saloon
and when he saw Waidelich and
Ecroff enter in the coFtumes of a
tegro and a negro wench, he was very
much impressed by their appearance.
Waidelich rarried an aecordeon, and
the Swiss thought that he should like
to hear a little music. He asked
WaJdelieh to play for him. but the
uegro impersonator refused. Lagler
became enraged at the refusal and
told Waidelich that he would take the
Instrument away from him.
When the two men left the saloon
to go to the ball they were followed
by Lagler. Waidelich claims that Lag
ler grabbed his arm and attempted to
xrrest the aceordeon from him. "I hit
him across the face with my open
hand." said Waidelich, "and he fell to
the sidewalk. I had no intention of
hurting him. but when he tried to take
the instrument from me I had to pro
tect myself. Scroff and myself left
him lying on the sidewalk and went
Into the hall to attend the ball. I was
trrested there later."
After the Swiss had been felled to
the sidewalk a crowd gathered and
the Seventeenth-street police station
was notified. The injured man was
removed to the City and County Hos
pital near by and was found to have
sustained a fracture of the skull. He
never regained consciousness and died
at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. As
soon as his death was communicated
to the police Waidelich was booked for
murder.
The dead Swiss was 36 years of age
and worked as a tanner. His body
was removed to the Morgue. Waide
lich lives at 1017 Vermont street and
is emplos^ed as a millhand at the Pa
cific Manufacturing and Milling Com
pany on Fifth street. He is 2S years
old and resides with his parents.
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
XTITHAFPIITES3 DISPELLED.
DSea crl Women Vn&sisious About It. i
Many wonioa weep and wail and refuse
to tx» comforted hrcause their once magr- ■
riflcent tresses have become thin and
faded. Many men incline to profanity
because the flies bite through the thin
thatch on U;eir cranliuns. It will be good
news to the miserable of both sexes to
learn that Newbro's Herpicide has been
plaoe.d i:pon ihe market. This is the new
scalp jrerrni<vde and antiseptic that acts
by destroying the serin or microbe that
is the underlying cause of all hair de-
struction. H^rpicide is a new prepara-
tion, made after a new formula on an ;
entirely new principle. Any one who has
tried it will testify as to its worth. Try
It yourself and be convinced. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stajnps
for saxaple to The Herpicide Co.. T^etroit, S
Mich. j
castoria!
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
N Bears the y^ ' Zlfj-A-^*
Signature of C^r^r^ J '&&&/!£
■ ■ H!
M i
t
t Candies
Chocolates % \
Bonbons Jl I]
Given Away Free $
With £
Teas, Coffees, Spices
? Baking Powder $
It Pays to }
Trade at j
Creat American Importing Tea Co's \
I Stores
861 Market 210 Gr&nt »». 1419 Polk
140 Sixth IP19 Devisadero 705 Larkin I
475 H&iffht SCOG Sixteenth SS5 Hayes
22S5 Mi«slon 521 Montar'y itc 12 Market • I
200S FiJlrnore 2516 MiBsion 140 Ninth .- i
866 ITurd^ 2732 »4th J53 Fourth
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A CP.EAT KESTOKATIVE. INVlGORi-
tor and Nervine.
The mctt wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor tf.t Sexual Organs, for botn scxea.
The Mexican K«-m-dl. * for Dlaeaseo of the
2£ldneyt arid 3t«ddor. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. AKrr.ts.
S23 Market et.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
/J% g ■ ■ R £\ Ammunition. Hustles an!
D II HRiV Sperling Goods. Largest
3-1 j ££J5 fciock. Low/-it prices. Send |
tJ N \J &J tJlI'fVK & UAREER CO..
1'JX Market ct. and &51
Kearny at.
EADWAT'S SSAOT XEXJXF has stood
unrivaled before the public for. SO years aa *
Pala Remedy. It Instantly relieves and <julck:y
cures ail Colds. Sore Throaxa, Influenza. Brcn- ]
rhltla. Popumonla. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor UalJ>«fc and ail Bowel Palo. All druccUU.
MORGAN'S NEPHEW ARRIVES
WITH HIS JAPANESE BRIDE
Relative of Finance King a Passenger on the Steamship China.
Purchases an Oriental Wife From Her Parents at a Fabulous
Price and Will Take Her to Reside With Him in New .York City
George D. Morgan and his young
Japanese bride were among the pas
sengers on the steamship China ar
riving from the Orient yesterday.
Morgan is a nephew of J. Pierpont
Morgan, the noted New York finan
cier. He has been sojourning in Japan
for the last three years, and while there
fell desperately in love with a beauti
ful geisha girl and just prior to the
departure of the China for this port
he married her in Kioto. It is reported
that before her parents would give
sanction to the marriage, Morgan was
obliged to pay them 15,000 yen.
Mrs. Morgan is a most attractive
young woman. She is slightly above
the average Japanese woman's height,
of graceful carriage, pretty face and
beautiful dark luminous eyes. She was
attired in Japanese costume even to the
wicker sandals. Her hair is dressed in
simple fashion, almost after the mode
now in vogue here. When she came on
board the steamship at Yokohama she
could hardly speak a word of English,
but now she is able to give utterance
to practically all the ordinary re
marks of the day. She has a very soft,
musical voice, to which 5s added a
charming and gracious manner.
How New York will receive this
beauty from the Orient is a question
to be solved. That she is immensely
attractive no one can deny, and it
would not be at all surprising if she
became a feted pet of society.
HOPE TO REGAIN
THEIR JEWELRY
Sporting: Men Who Were Rob
bed at the Colonial Club Give
Case to Private Detectives
The victims have eliminated the reg
ular police as possible factors in the
apprehension of the five criminals who
robbed the players and spectators In
the Colonial Club early Saturday morn
ing. Yesterday the sleuths of a local
private detective agency were put on
the case by the men who suffered the
loss of so much money and jewelry in
the robbery.
It is stated on good authority that the
Pinkerton Agency has the case in hand
and is working for a quiet settlement
between the robbers and the robbed.
Yesterday th-3 Pinkerton "sherlocks"
had two race track men, "King" Had
ley, and a tout known in the tender
loin as "Doc Blue Mass," in the sweat
box. "King" and "Doc," whose repu
tations are not of the best around the
city, are supposed to know the identity
of the crooks. Just -what the detect
ives learned from the two men Is not
known, but it is alleged that the latter
gave the sleuths a sufficient clew to the
perpetrators of the robbery to result
in the arrest of the gang.
HEATH IS QUESTIONED.
""King" Hadley is the bookmaker who
was ruled from the Oakland track two
months ago for alleged complicity with
the bookmakers and Jockeys concerned
in the recent scandal, by which fre
quenters of the races were robbed on
their bets. * ••,? .
Last night C. Heath, the one man
who was in the Colonial Club at the
time of the robbery who was ; not di
vested of his wealth, was conveyed to
the sweat box and retained under a
fire of questions for more, than two
hours. It has always been alleged
that Heath was well acquainted with
th*> robbers, and that when they recog
nized him Friday night, they passed
him for a "dead one." '
The placing of the case in the hands
of a private detective agency again
shows the desire of the . sporting men
to hush the matter and regain their
money and jewelry without giving pub
licity to the case.
POLICE FIXD NO CLEW. '
The local police never found a single
clew, and received practically no assist
ance from the ' men who were robbed.
The keepers of the club know the cul
prits and claimed to have given the po
lice the clew, while In reality it was
given to a private detective concern.
The private detectives and the club
men hope to have the matter all hushed
and Gquared In a few days. None of
the robbers have left town, and all of
th«* suspicious characters of - the turf
are under surveillance. . The local po
lice i-llege that the deed was done by
men who were habitues of . the place
and familiar with the whereabouts of
the bank roll. They say that the men
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 15, 190i.
NEPHEW OF DISTINGUISHED FINANCIER AND HIS PRETTY JAP
ANESE BRIDE. WHO ARRIVED FROM THE ORIENT YESTERDAY
ON THE STEAMSHIP CHINA.
Modesty and refinement are among
her greatest charms.
Anticipating newspaper interviewers
and photographers, Mrs. Morgan, while
attired In her native costume, had
gathered a mantilla of soft gray silk
about her head and the lower part of
her face, which almost completely con
cealed her features from view, only her
BOTKIX MURDER TRIAL
IS FIXED FOR TO-DAY
District Attorney Is Not Ready nnd
Judge Cook Has Threatened to
Dismiss Case.
The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Eliza
beth P. Dunning by sending her a box
of poisoned candy to Dover, Del., will
be called In Judge Cook's court this
morning for trial by a Jury.
District Attorney Byington has not
yet received definite information from
Delaware as to the coming of the wit
neses from that State owing to the de
mand of Professor Wolff and Dr.
Downes for $1000 compensation each,
besides their traveling expenses, and
he will be compelled to ask for a con
tinuance.
Judge Cook has/ intimated that he
will not grant a continuance, and that
unless the District Attorney is ready to
proceed with the trial to-day he will
dismiss the case. There is keen expec
tation as to what will happen when the
case Is called this morning.
EXPLOSION" OF TORPEDO OX
TRACK CAUSES EXCITE3IEXT
Railroad Stop Sicnal Startles .Many
Residents of Valencia and Twenty-
Fifth Streets.
Considerable excitement was caused
yesterday afternoon at the junction of
Valencia and Twenty-fifth streets by
the explosion of a signal torpedo placed
on the Southern Pacific ty-ack for the
purpose of calling the 4 o'clock freight
to a halt.
As the residents of Valencia street
are not accustomed to hearing trains
signaled in this manner it was thought
at first . that an attempt was being
made to wreck the train, and it was
not long before a large crowd was at
tracted to the scene.
When the necessary orders had been
given and the cars had once more start-)
ed rolling on the way southward the
crowd finally realized that no serious
damage had been done, and with the
exception of a few small boys dis
persed, leaving the neighborhood in its
usual peaceful appearance.
Woman Drinks Carbolic Acid.
Mrs. Jennie Daly, a young woman re
siding with her husband and three chil
dren at 1119^ Sixth street, took a dose
of carbolic, acid with suicidal intent
yesterday. She was removed to the
Emergency Hospital in time to save
her life. She stated that she had be
come .despondent and wanted to die. '
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
who were robbed are thoroughly ac
quainted with their a.sailants of Fri
day night, and argue that it would
have been Impossible for five ; men
who knew the customs of the keepers
to have committed the robbery. without
having been recognized.
8om« very swell weddlnr '. Invitations com*
from Knowles. 24 Second street. Mala SM. •
eyes and nose being visible. She was
seated on a handsome steamer chair,
playing with a beautiful fox terrier
which she called Skaes. Finding that
she was becoming the cynosure of all
eyes, she repaired to the dining hall
with her husband.
Morgan, who is a pleasant, affable
man of probably 30 years, said he had
lived for atfout three years in the
Orient, where he had met and married
his bride. He seemed much annoyed at
the attempts to take snapshots, and
said that he was forced to seek the se
clusion of the cabin on that account.
On arrival here the couple immediate
ly went to the Palace, where they took
dinner in the main dining hall. The
bride was magnificently robed in dark
brown silk, with a white scarf about
her neck, while her fingers were cov
ered with superb jewels. After dinner
Mr. and Mrs. Morgan drove to Trinity
Church to call on the Rev. Dr. Clam
pett. This morning at 10 o'clock they
will depart for New York.
Morgan seems devoted to his bride,
and when he left the dining hall last
night he fondly led her out by the hand.
MAKES CHARGES
OF DECEPTION
Rev. William, Racier Describes
Russia's Scheming to Defeat
America on Vital Occasions
"Four Reasons "Why America Should
Sympathize With Japan" was one of
the subjects treated. by the Rev. Wil
liam Rader at the Third Congregation-:
al. Church, Fifteenth and Mission
streets, last night. -The church was
crowded , and the remarks of the Rev.
Mr. Rader were listened to with in
tense interest. The speaker said in
part:
There are four reasons why America should,
in my opinion,' sympathize with Japan. First,
because of our religious, commercial and edu
cational investments in Japan. In 1852 Com
modore Perry awoke -Japan by ringing her
door bells - with a cannon-ball, since which
time we have exchanged investments. Second,
because of Japan's rights In Manchuria and
Korea. America agrees with Japan that the
door . of Manchuria should- be open and we
should not permit .the .Czar -to put the key
in his pocket. Nine-tenths of. the Korean pos
seaelons belong to Japan and Russia is not
in a uosltion to say ' what ' she may or may
not do. • • •
Japan is fighting for her existence, while
the Russian bear is licking his hungry chops
for Manchuria, Korea, China and Japan.
The third reason for our sympathy is that
Japan «tand» for better civilization than Rus
sia, which has always opposed democracy and
practiced conquest and absorption.
Fourth, Russia has not been a friend of the
United States. It must not be forgotten that
Catherine II In IT7S offered Great Britain an
army of Cossacks to shoot the men of America
who rang the Independence bell.
In 1808 Russia showed her sympathy for
Spain, with which she was in secret negotia
tions to fight against the United States. The
facts of tins secret compact are to this day to
be found in the Spanish Red Book and Is
therefore a fact of history.
Lord Salisbury, knowing Russia's attitude
against the United ■ States at the very time
the Czar was calling for an international peace
conference, had English battleships ready,
and In reply, to a question why England had
made that move Lord Salisbury said. that if
any of the European powers should act
against the United States every battleship
under the union Jack would be: at the service
of the American people.
That is the record of • the spirit - Russia has
shown during the two crises in American his
tory. ..- -. ■ .•",-
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunks will be just
the thing: to take with you to 'the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is J9.60. A. B. Smith Co.. 132
ElliS St • • ;
Japanese Servant Asphyxiated.
Kitl Kackurrie, a Japanese, employed
at 1153 Oak street, was found in an un
conscious condition at 8 o'clock yester
day morning from the effects. of inhal
ing , escaping illuminating gas ■ from an
open Jet in his room. He was taken to
the Park Hospital: He probably will
die.
Sir Robert Ball, fellow of the Royal
Astronomical , Society of England, has
been elected a member of the Ameri
can Mathematical \ Society.
EIGHT CLEVER
YOUNG WOMEN
They Are Orphcum Headlihers,
and as "The Vassar Girls"
They Do Very Kefined Work
"THE DEVIL'S AUCTION"
Twenty-Third Annual .Edition
of Famous Extravaganza De
lights Big Crowd at California
Eight pretty young women, attired
in slate-colored college robes and natty
"mortarboards,"- have headline distinc
tion this week at the Orpheum. and
they sing and play various musical in
struments in a way that entitles them
to the honor. They are billed as "The
Vassar Girls," and as long as they
wear the seminary costume their work
Is refined enough to preserve the at
mosphere created by their appearance.
After four of them have played wooden
wind instruments, six of them blow
delicious melody through saxaphones
and eight of them — four cornets and
four trombones— make brazen music
galore. Then they lose their collegiate
identity and appear as an "electric
ballet," an act which is beautiful, but
lacking novelty. The girls, fairly cov
ered with vari-colored incandescent
bulbs, perform a maypole dance, the
finale of which has the stage aglare
with brilliance.-
Another strong act is programmed
as "The Werner-Amoros Troupe," and
consists of a scene in an artist's
studio, in which three men and two
women make a whole lot of fun
through the medium of ingeniously
contrived mechanical effects. One of
the men juggles nine balls and breaks
the record for that sort of thing. The
finish of the act might be aptly termed
a "rough house," for all the furniture of
the studio is wrecked and piled upon
the staee.
Harry Thomson, announced as, "The
Mayor of the Bowery," gives some
clever imitations of familiar character
types. His various dialects are faith
ful enough to keep the house in a roar.
Ziska and King appear in an act
with the self-explanatory title of "The
Magician and His Valet," and do some
good comedy work. John T. Thorne
and Grace Carleton open a big budget
of new jokes, some of which are
rather laboriously worked up to, but all
have the desired laughter-making ef
fect. Thorne and Carleton evidently
studied the taste of their patrons and
constructed accordingly, for mental
effort is not severely taxed to grasp
the point of their Jests.
Among the holdovers are Snyder and
Buckley, whose musical sketch can be
seen more than once without los
ing charm. Thirsty Blatz is as funny
as any German comedian- in San Fran
cisco, and that is saying something
worthy of note at this particular time.
Rice and Elmer continue their clever
horizontal bar stunts and dull comedy
work. Van, Beaumont & Co. are* also
retained, and there are several new
and interesting moving pictures. The
bill as a whole is well up to the Or
pheum standard.
i • • •
'♦ • •
The "twenty-second edition" of
Charles H. Yale's "Devil's Auction"
opened at the California Theater last
night. While.it is a production old
to the theater-goers of this city, it
was, nevertheless, received by, a large
audience and afforded satisfaction.
Each act of the piece has been re
arranged and invested with new scenic
productions since it was here last,
and the specialties that comprise a
major portion of the show are for the
most i>art new.
The inferno scene in the first act
was worked out by excellent electrical
effects, as were scenes that followed,
the fantastic fog. the realms of Me
phisto, the lake of the lost souls and
the frozen path. In the second act
Miss Madolyn Marshal, as a country
girl, scored a hit and George Herman,
as Chaos, an imp of darkness, proved
to be one of the best contortionists
seen here for some time. The golden
garden, a Chinese scene, followed, and
the acrobatic work on the part of the
four Salamonskys I entertained for
about ten minutes. The dances of the
fair attendants of the grand mandarin
were spectacular and well executed.
The five-family Orni. well known
in vaudeville circles, posed in "The
Interrupted Supper" in the last act
and were loudly applauded in their
juggling stunts. This act closed with
several gorgeous scenes. Among the
leading in the cast are W. H. Lorelle
and James B. Mackie, who are good
comedians. Carlos, a poor shepherd,
is done by- Miss Mai Estelle, and
Madeline is impersonated by Miss Amy
Mortlner. Henry P. Thomas, as
Mephisto, and Miss Alice Stoddard,
as Crystalline, are strong in the cast.
Miss "Lillian Herndon plays Count
Fortune.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam. th*> safe,
sure,, guaranteed cure. 25c. 50c Druggists. •
NEWS AWAITING HIM HERE
Son of Late St. Louis Millionaire Ar
rives From Orient a Few Hours
After Father's Death. - '
Louis Lemp, a son of the late Wil- '
Ham J. Lemp, the millionaire brewer of i
St. Louis, who committed suicide on j
Saturday, j arrived from the Orient on
the liner China . yesterday. The first j
news the young man received of his
father's death was when the steamer
passed out of quarantine and the press
representatives climbed abqard.
He was greatly shocked by the infor
mation conveyed to him, and sadly read
the telegraphic story of his father's
tragic end as published in yesterday's
Call, a copy of which was handed him.
Immediately after registering at the
Palace young Lemp engaged the ser
vices of Jules Clerfayt to secure his
transportation overland, and he will
leave for St. Louis on this morning's
train.
I He left for the Orient several months
ago. Intending to meet a young friend
in " Japan, with whom he purposed to
travel around the world: His intended
companion, however, failed to meet him
there, and Lemp concluded to abandon
his trip and . he started home on the
China, little dreaming that his long
ocean voyage would end in bereavement
here.
CHOIR ASSOCIATION SINGS
AT INAUGURAL RECITAL
An Imposing Sacred Musical Pro
gramme Is Rendered at the Church
of the Advent.
The Vested Choir Association of San
Francisco and vicinityv under the di
rection of W. A. Sabin. F. R.C.-6..
J. de P. Teller and'W. B. King, sang
at the Church of the Advent yesterday
the occasion being the formal inaugu
ration, recital, with the rebuilt organ.
T e programme was as follows :
Organ prelude, "Bacarolle," E. H. Lemar*;
"The Daughter of Jalrus," by Sir John
Stalner: Soloists — Harold ' Forman, soprano;
Frank Onslow. Richard 'H.' Hunt, tenors: Al
fred C. Read, bass; hymns: 408. "Jerusalem.
; the . Golden, "V Ewlng; 386, , '.'Ten Thousand
Times Ten Thousand," Dkyes; prayers; organ
post lude. march, in E flat,. Schumann, tran
scribed by W. f. Sabln. . ..- .
ADVEBTIgiDENTS.
We direct special attention to
our elegant stock of new Novelty
Silks for Spring and Summer wear.
•
Commencing Monday FebmarD 15th, W8
will show a most complete assortment of all
the newest effects in Fancu Silks suitable for
the DODUlar SHIRT WAIST SUITS, which will
he the leading stule for the coming season,
The variety includes the leading colorings in
checked and striDed Louisines, Taffetas and
Armure weaves, also neat small designs in
monotone and mottled effects, We have .also
received a veru large varletu of styles and
gualities in Pongee Silks r both in the natural
and fancy weaves, also embroidered dot effects'
on natural color grounds, We will show about
100 styles of ths above silks, 19 (M nfl
and 20 inches wide, all color- \ «uU
ings, at special value v^J-Uara.
We have also received, a very large shiD-
ment of best aualities black and colored
Taffeta Silks and Panne Velvets in all tha
new shades.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
BOWEN
SCO,
Bee brand Ceylon, teas are
Euperior to all other black teas
—more economical too
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tub butter — creamery lb 25c
Eggs — guaranteed doz 27 Y?c i
Royan Sardines 2 cans 25c
DrJnty fish with truffle and pickle
reg'ly 15c can
Coffee— Guatemala 20c
Good strength — rich aroma — S lbs 90C
reg'ly 25c lb
Tea — Mandarin Nectar 45c
A blend of teas with a pleasing
mild taste — reg'ly '60c lb
Prunes — California 5 lbs 25c
Good ones— very wholesome
reg'ly 3 lbs 25c
Peas — American 20c
Delicious as French peas — $2.25
World brand — reg'ly 25c — $2.85 doz
Hickory huts 10c
Eastern shell barks— reg'ly 15c lb
Tomatoes quart jar 25c
Solid packed in vacuum Jar — reg'ly 25c
Candy— reg'ly 35c lb 25c
Fruit tablets— peppermint wafers — •
buttercups-raspberry-strawberry waffles
Marmalade— Keiller 22#C
Scotch — Seville oranges^ — reg'ly 25c jar
Olive oil— French 55c
Our importation — reg'ly 65c quart
Sweet pickles # pts 17#c
Pin money— reg'Iy 25c- 40c pts 30c
Seed Talki
Complete and reliable informm- E
tion and advice on seeds planting I
etc., in our new, amply and beauti- I
fully illustrated annual catalogue, 0
MalleS free on request. !|
AT.L SEEDS FOR FARM AMD tl
GARDEN. [|
Fruit Trees and Ornamental PUnts. H
COX SEED CO. 8
' • J «tl. 4t3, *lfl 8inmme Str«»t. H
■ i^ HAN FBANC1SCO J§
INSURANCE
New York Underwriters Agency
Assets - - - $14,500,000
Telegram from -Home Office says: "Fol-
lowing course Dursued by thla company in pre-
vious conflagrations, we axe already adjusting
and payinv Baltimore losses."
Shainwald, Buckbee £ Co., Mann k Wilson,
City Agents. Managers.
Mills Building. 323-221 California st.
'■•^ : " S«n Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
BOWEN
Toilet soap — American 20c
Res'ly 25c box of J cakes
Talcum Powder — Colgate 15c
Turkey duster— reg'ly 60c 45c
14 inch— black feathers — full center
Lemonade straws 5c
To reduce o\-erstock — 100 In package
Sponges — all kinds 20% off
Food for Lenten season — see
window display 'at Sutter
street store
Liquor Department
Whisky— old stock $1.15
Old — reliable — good — 4.50
reg'ly $1.50 bottle— $6 gallon
Cognac— F. O. P. £1.15
French-Hennessy— our bottling 4.50
«g' ly $1 .50 bottle— J6 gallon
Sweet wines — imported 75c
Port — Sherry — Madeira — $j
reg'ly $1 bottle — $4 gallon
Rheingold Champagne
The perfection 2 doxpts $25.20
of Germany's idozqts 23.40
sparkling wines —
reg'ly $28— $26
Porter-ale— White label $2
Health tonic— reg'ly $2— $2.25 doz
Car of crystal and porcelain
refrigerators just arrived — oak
and tile exterior — sanitary—
ice-saving — see catalogue
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2829 California -San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
tfh IMPROVED ffe\
LA Eyeglasses M
j and fcj
{J Spectacles s
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE 7OS BEES'.
HABMX.ESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cur*
worst cases. HO OTHER TXEATMZnTT
BEQTJIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $1.00 per bottle, expressed. For sale only
g. 3. KBM.TS PHAJtaiACT. 102 Eddy.
ASTHMANOLA
. la the only cur« for Nervous &a«
Bronchial ASTHMA*
Tour Druggist or at ssa haiout Rl
1 San FraacUcok Ckk