Forecast made at Saa Praa
cisco for thirty hoars endiaar
mlflalght. February 27 1
San Francisco and vicinity—
Sain Saturday; brisk to hieh
southerly winds.
A. O. aXcADZS,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME ' XCV— NO. SO.
JAPANESE FLEET CONTINUES THE BOMBARDMENT OF PORT ARTHUR DAILY
TO COVER DISEMBARKING OF TROOPS THAT WILL ATTACK STRONGHOLD BY LAND
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 26. -A dispatch from Port Arthur, dated February 26, says: "At 1 o'clock this morning several
Japanese torpedo boats were sighted from here, with sails set for the purpose of disguising their character. The battleship
Ret vizan and the shore batteries opened fire on them and continued firing until daybreak without any visible result. After daybreak
a Japanese squadron, apparently convoying troops, was sj^S^;|^t|Sf(ii(i|^]|^al| 11 o'clock the squadron came nearer and an
engagement which lasted forty minutes ensued. There was no damage. Few shells fell in Port Arthur. It is expected here that the
Japanese will attempt a landing soon. An inspection of tiie\ : JipWM;#eghips- sent into the harbor on February 24 shows they were
loaded with coal and kerosene and that electrical infernal machines i had^been placed in the midst of the cargo."
RICH FRUIT
LAIS ARE
INUNDATED
Part of Sacramento
County Suffers
Big Loss.
Turbulent Stream Breaks
Levee Three Miles South
ol the City.
Stockton Is Still Safe, but Residents
of That Section of the State Are
Considerably Alarmed.
Special Dispatch to The C*!i
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26.— More than
10,000 acres of the most valuable land in
Sacramento County is flooded to-night
as the result of a break in the levee,
which occurred at the Edwards place,
about three miles south of this city.
The break is the most serious experi
enced in this county in twenty-seven
years and threatens injury to thou
sands of «.cres of the most valuable hop
and fruit land in the State. In fact, the
Y-street levee is the only barrier that
prevents the water from coming into
the city itself.
The water rushed through the break
in a perfect torrent, uprooting great
oak trees and freeing houses from their
foundations. Several exciting escapes
were experienced by families in the
vicinity, and many -head of stock per
ished. -
The break was about seventy feet
wide at first, but it widened to»such an
extent that to-night it reached 200 feet
in width, and the water is pouring
through the crevasse in immense vol
umes. The land inundated as a result
of the flood is in the richest hop-grow
ing and fruit section of the State. It
was thought that the levee system
which protected it was impervious to
the water.
The reports received from the Ameri
can River district and other tributaries
show that the water is coursing down
from the mountains in unexampled vol
umes, and more trouble is looked for
to-morrow, lien are patrolling the
levee on both sides of the river. A weak
spot was discovered in the levee on the
Tolo side nearly opposite Sacramento
this morning, but a. force of men was
■was put at work to strengthen the bar
rier with sand bags. The water in the
Yolo basin is rushing beneath the tres
tles of the Southern Pacific Company a
few miles west of Washington. Watch
men are stationed at intervals to report
any injury done to the track by high
•water. The Oroville branch is still five
feet under water, and it will be several
days before traffic on that line can be
resumed. A number of Marysville citi
izens on their way home from San
Francisco are stalled here because of
the high water, which prevents them
'from continuing on their way home.
STOCKTON' IS ANXIOUS.
Mokclumne niver Overflows Its Banks
Near Woodbridge, Flooding Town.
STOCKTON, Feb. 26.— Stockton Is in
a state of anxiety to-night as to wheth
er or not the next twenty-four hours
will see the streams and channels in
tersecting the city out of their banks
and flooding adjacent property. Thus
far the high water has been passing to
the north of the city, by the Mokel
umne. When the sky cleared at noon
to-day it was thought the storm had
passed, but such was not the case, for
rain set in again about 5 o'clock this
evening, and all indications are for a
very wet night. The Mokelumne River
began falling early this morning, and
by 2 o'clock this afternoon it had
dropped about fourteen inches at Wood
bridge.
Mormon Slough and the San Joaquln
Itiver have been falling slightly all day.
Continued on Pace 5, Column U
TUB "WE AT H EH.
AUSTRIA'S
ARMY TO BE
MOBILIZED
Will Take a Hand
in Balkan Sit
uation.
Speilal Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company. *
BERLIN, Feb. 26.— My- message of
last night regarding the preparations
made in Austria with a view to inter
vention in the Balkans finds confirma
tion to-day in the Berlin Morgen Post.
This Journal contains a dispatch from
its Vienna correspondent stating that,
according to information obtained from
an official of the Austrian Foreign Of
fice, measures have been taken for the
mobilization of the Austrian army.
The present rise in the price of grain
in Austria may be ascribed to pur
chases by the military authorities.
These reports of Austrian military
preparations" find further confirmation
in dispatches received in Berlin from
Rome stating that the Italian Embas
sador in Berlin, Count Lanza, has in
formed Count von Bulow that if Aus
tria takes action in the Balkans it will
be difficult for Italy to abstain from
active intervention.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 26.— In
consequence of the understandingTal
rcady reached as the result of the com
munications exchanged between the
Porte and the Bulgarian legation here
the opinion prevails that »there will be
no complications in the . spring. It Is
understood that Turkey, undertakes to
grant amnesty to the Macedonians con
victed of disturbances in 1900, to permit
the return trf the refugees and to annul
the" vexatious regulations directed
against Bulgarians. Bulgaria agrees to
stop the Macedonian agitation in the
principality and to prevent the incur
sions of revolutionary bands.
The San Francisco Call
SCENES AT HARBIN, RUSSIAN CITY IN MANCHURIA, WHICH JAPANESE MAY ATTACK.
* • ■ ' ■ . . .■ -, \ : v:.-. -v .:,-■. •■■. , ., -IS
Kuropatkin Wants 400,000
Troops to Precede Him
to the Front.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904/ by
the New York Herald Publishing Company. . . -■.-.,.;
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 26. — Sur
prising and almost astounding, the
latest news is that General Kuropatkin
will not go to the front, as was pre
viously announced, in three days' time,
but will remain here for several weeks.
The reason for this, he states, is that
it is not worth while for him to go
there until 400,000 Russian soldiers
are gathered at the seat of war. In fact,
he cannot take the offensive until that
number is forthcoming. The present
force available, outside of the heavy
contingent guarding the railroad, does
not exceed 130,000 men.
General Kuropatkin was recently in
Japan, where he formed a very high
opinion of the efficiency of the Jap
anese troops. . He belonged to the
anti-war party. At a recent audience
with the Emperor, General Kuropat
kin spoke very openly about the neces
sity of his having a large number'of
troops and he is further credited with
having said: ;.
7 "Your Majesty will need me back
soon to look after European develop
ments." . , .
Very probably the key. is given to
this in the statement of a widely
known Russian international jurist,
who says it is quite possible that Rus
sia will wage • war concerning the
Tibetan question in case ■ England
should make, any move of too friendly
a nature toward . Japan.
The third 1 * piece of news, which Is
SAN FRANCISGO, ■'{ SATURDAY, -FEBRUARY, 27, 1904.
of special interest to"; those • initiated
into the inner workings of : the' Rus
sian interior administration/ is* that
there has Just been formed "an; entirely
new special commission atached to' the
Ministry of i the Interior, "its .especial
object being to, distribute war hews >to
the people, carefully- recording Its. ef
fects on the -lower classes,-: especially
in case it should be unsatisfactory i i
In the highest military circles here
a siege -of Port - Arthur /is . expected..
The whole force of troops from Kasan
district'.is to be poured' into Manchuria
andthe entire Finnish forces also will
be ordered-. to the' front,"- which ,natuj«
rally causes much* comment: .'They,
however, ?will ; not be placed in- the first
line,' which-" will ; be : occupied -b~y- Cos
sacks, with Russian regiments in the
next line and the Finhish^in- the' third.
TO ENLIST WILD WARRIORS.* : V
Prince -Alexander of Oldenburg] has
caused a sensation. _ ■ He ihas
given a million rubles ;to ward, the "war
fund and has proposed that- the -Em
peror raise a '■troop . of •• irregular cav
alry, of th'eVdreaded " tribes^ of i Buriats
and Kalmucks of the steppes, 1,"the'ebn
dition being : that- they.;be,:under ; rntll
tary ; rule,; bjit allowed^ to 7dp;all'^ they,
like- in; the .way: of
of their own-; acording j to ; the.lr} typical
style. of. warfare. . \ r;. .* _ : > ■'. ■: , ;V:Vw -
. Prince -Alexander offers! to equip, and;
Continued o»» Pajje 2, Column 3.
Little Damage to Either Side
in the Port Arthur
Bombardments.
- CHEFU, Feb. 27. — A number of Jananesc sailors have landed thirty
miles north . of here. . They claim that they are from transports sunk at
Port Arthur last Wednesday. •
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 27, 2 a. m.—
A copy of a, telegram from Viceroy
jstt'xyt to the Czar has just been given
out. It is dated February 25. The place
whence , it is sent 1 ! is not given, but it
is supposed to be Mukden. The mes
sage follows:
. "A : squadron of the enemy's vessels,
numbering sixteen,"^ approached the
fortress at about 11, o'clock this morn
ing and opened a bombardment on the
cruisers Askold, Bayan \ and Novik,
.which? were in the outer harbor, and
also on , the fortress. The firing , con
tinued for a half hour. Then our cruis
efsT. went into the harbor. The enemy
fired , for. several minutes on. one of
our batteries, and then began to leave.
They, stopped within sight of the fort,
but. out. of range of the fire.' -
- "At this time, four of the enemy's
cruisers detached themselves from the
"squadron and proceeded to Pigeon Bay, v
where they quickly opened fire on our
torpedo-boats that .were cruising there.
They^ directed also a strong cannonade
against the shore.,' The commandant
consequently sent troops to Pigeon Bay.
The firing lasted for thirty minutes,
but ' no"; landing was ■; made. The Jap
anese cruisers, then departed.\
1 "Suitable measures j have deen taken
to oppose a possible move, on : the part
of the enemy to creep' up'Dy sea. 'Our
losses this day ' were one -man .wounded
at. the .battery. . . , .
. ."I respectfully report the above to- our
imperial Majesty. ; ':'< ALEXIEFF."
, ALEXIEFF'S EARLIER REPORT.
-: The. following telegram, dated Febru
ary 26, from Viceroy Alexieff to the
Czar is published here:
"On February 24 seventeen. of the en-
■ warships, \ with 'twelve' torpedo
boats 1 and steamers, were, : cruislhg out
side' Port'Arthur, but kept out of range.
On .the same day,,therRussianVcruisers
rBayah, 'AskblcT and Novik* left- the road
stead. Two Japanese, cruisers advanced
.toVard^thei i Novik,- ;whlch;i returned; to
Port'; Arthur, accompanied by. our r tor
pedo-boats Jfrom;; Pig«on .Bay. ? .The en
emy's ! cruisers', were ■ left" far i behind. , In
the reVening our cruisers returned "to the
roa'dstead.
Alcazar — "The Wrcmsr Mr.
Wrlffht,"
AUiaaxtora— "The Xlltles" Band.
California — "Human Hearts."
Central — "Kiagr of the Opium
Bln&V*
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Colombia — "Old Homestead."
Fischer's — "Roly-Poly."
Grand— "The Oamekeeper."
Orpheom — Vaudeville.
Tlvoli— "When Johnny Comes
Marching" Home."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Bay.
"On the night of February 25 our tor
pedo-boats proceeded seaward. The
Isamc night the Japanese torpedo-boats
again appeared in the roads, and the
battleship Retvizan and the fort bat
teries opened lire on them. Battery No.
18 reports having sunk one of the en
emy's torpedo-boats.
"At 9 o'clock In the morning a squad
ron of fourteen vessels was sighted in
the distance.
"Maps of Port Arthur and Port
Adams and a chart of the Yellow Sea
were discovered aboard the enemy's
vessels which were sunk in the night
attack of February 24. - Conducting
wires and electric batteries were found
on the vessel which caught fire. The
wires were cut by port miners. The fire
has been extinguished."
PRESS STORY OF BATTLE.
A press dispatch from Port Arthur
says the Japanese torpedo-boat attack
on February 25 resulted in a Russian
success. The accurate shooting of the
batteries inflicted losses on the enemy
and caused the boiler on one of the
Japanese torpedo-boats to explode.
Early in the morning a Japanese
fleet consisting of six battleships and
four cruisers appeared on the horizon.
The Russian cruisers * Askold, Bayan
and ' Novlk were then In the harbor
and the Japanese torpedo boats ad
vanced to thirty to thirty-five
cable lengths to attack them. . The
Japanese battleships and cruisers sep
arated and then advanced against two
Russian torpedo boats cruising In
Pigeon Bay. One of the latter broke
through the enemy's line and under a
hot fire reached the harbor.
At 10:45 o'clock a fierce engage
ment took place between the Japanese
battleships and the Russian ; cruisers,
supported by the shore batteries. In
view of the superiority of the enemy's
six battleships over the three Russian
cruisers, the latter were withdrawn.
■The enemy : ceased ; firing at 11:33
o'clock and at 12 o'clock the Japanese
cruisers which were chasing the Rus
sian torpedo boats began. to fire on the
forts, but, the firing did not last long.
v T,he Japanese .maneuvering was
clumsy, and { in turning their vessels
came, so, close ..to one another that
Russian shells could be seen falling
upon them as. they huddled together.
I A Japanese torpedo .boat which was
driven : ashore near,; Fort DJetwol Is
supposed to have belonged to the flo
tilla which was escorting the five ships
destroyed on the night.of February 23.
NO LANDING OF TROOPS.
LONDON, Feb. 26.— A dispatch to
a" news agency from St. Petersburg
says the official report of Major Gen
eral vPflug, . chief of "staff of Viceroy
Aiexieff.'on the details of the attack
ori.Port Arthur'during the morning of
February 25 is "as follows:
Continued on Pace 2, Column 5.
THE THEATESS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
JURY FINDS
DEFENDANTS
ARE GUILTY
Postal Conspirators
Stand in Shadow
of Prison. •
Verdict Is Secured After
Jurors Had Been Out
Nine Hours.
Disgraced, Men Are .Admitted -to Bail
Pending Their Appearance in
Court To-Day for Sentence,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— "Guilty as
indicted" was the verdict announced
by the Jury in th4 postofflce conspiracy
trial shortly after 8 o'clock to-night,
stating at the same time that this was
the verdict as to all four defendants.
August W. Machen, late general super
intendent of the rural free delivery di
vision; George E. Lorenz of Toledo,
Samuel A. Groff and Diller B. Groff, of
Washington. The Jury had been out
nine hours.
In the dimly lighted room sat the
four .defendants, who after the case
was given to the Jury had been placed
in the custody of a United States Mar
shal and confined to the limits of the
City Hall. Each wore an anxious look
and a deathlike silence fell on the
small crowd which had been permitted
to enter the room as the clerk inquired
of the foreman if a verdict had been
reached. :/;
The jury as to a man' arose, and as
the words "Guilty as ' indicted" fell
from the foreman's lips the defendants
and their counsel seemed appalled. Dur
ing the time the Jury was out the four
defendants had paced up and down
the hallway outside the courtroom and
had given expressions to the belief that
each hour the Jury spent in discussing
the case brought them nearer to ac
quittal.
There was general astonishment that
the Jury had included in the conviction
Samuel A. Groff, a Washington police
man, and inventor of the Groff fastener,
as to whom Holmes Conrad, special
counsel for the Government, yesterday
informed the Jury he did not expect a
conviction and that he personally did
not believe in his guilt.
Five ballots in all were taken. On
the first ballot the vote stood seven to
five for conviction; on the secocJ.
eight to four; on the third, nine to
three; on the fourth, ten to two, and on
the fifth the vote was unanimous.
Immediately after the verdict was
rendered Charles Douglass, in behalf
of all four defendants, filed motions for
a new trial, for an arrest of Judgment
and for an appeal for the purpose of
having the defendants admitted to bail.
Bail was then fixed at $20,000 each, the
bond of Lorer.z and the two Groff s be
ing increased from $10,000.
" When " Attorney Maddox, on behalf
of the Groffs. inquired as to the amount
of bail to be required of them. Justice
Pritchard said: "I know no difference
between these defendants. The jury
has said they are guilty and I cannot
discriminate, but will treat all alike."
Next to Samuel A. Groff, the most
surprised man was Machen, who said
he was thunderstruck at the verdict.
The four defendants will appear be
fore Justice Pritchard to-morow
morning to receive sentence.
Files Report on the Prize Property.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— James G.
Payne, auditor of the District Supreme
Court, to-day .filed his report on the
amount and value of the prize property
In the case of Admiral Dewey against
Don Juan de Austria and other vessels
captured and sunk in Manila Bay, May
1, 1S98. The auditor, t~ whom the ques
tion was referred by the court, reports
that the allowances of property sub
ject to the share libellant as prize* ag
gregate $829,733.2
JAPANESE WILL ATTEMPT CAPTURE OF VLADIVOSTOK
Stern View as to Neutrality
Is Taken by the State
Department .
Si>ecial Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 26. — The United
States Stute Department has taken a.
ptern view of the duties and obliga
tions of a neutral nation in time of
war. The action of Commander Mar
shall of the cruiser Vicksburg in re
fusing to join the other naval officers
at Chemulpo in protesting against the
J:iji.*nepe plan to attack the Russian
warships Variag and Koreitz in the
neutral harbor is unqualifiedly sus
tained. As to the Russian accusation
that the Vk-ksburg refused to rescue
drowning Russian seamen after the
finking cf the Variag — an incident
vhich has greatly incensed the Rus
fian populace against Americans, but
which has not yet been confirmed — it
is held that even though the charge
be true the American officer did right,
as the Russian crews had not surren
dered and their rescue from drowning
would have oeen a breach of neu
trality. This view is directly antagon
istic to that he!d by Great Britain and
other powers represented at Chemul
po, the British and French warships
not only picking up the Russian sea
men, but showing them every cour
tesy and ultimately arranging for their
parole.
GOULD 11AV1-: REACHED SHORE.
It is believed here, however, that it
was not a matter of saving life. It is
believed thut the Russians could have
landed on shore and refrained from
doinfT so only because they feared to
be captured by the Japanese soldiers
of the town. Had Commander Mar
shall received them aboard the Vicks
burg he must have taken them in as
prisoners, for that was the status ac
corded them by the French and the
British naval forces present. There
fore, as the Ru.-sian sailors would have
been practically Japanese prisoners,
in either cuse, whether they landed or
whether they boarded the Vicksburg,
the American captain is regarded as
justified in having declined to receive
them.
The following bulletin was posted at
the Navy Department this afternoon:
"A dispatch from Commander Mar
s-hall, commanding the United States
ship Vicksburg, states that he sent
medical aid as well as boats to the as
sistance of the Variag."
The cablegram is badly garbled, and
the officials have not been able to fully
translate it.
PROI"OSi:i> CAULK TO JAPAX
At \\x? Cabinet meeting to-day the
question of the landing of the Japanese
cable on the island of Guam was con
sidered. A proposition has been made
by the Government to the cable com
pany, on behalf of Japr.i, to land a
cable on the island of Guam in order
to connect Japan with the American
cable at this point. Japan has two
cable lines connecting it with the out
side world. Both of them run from
Nagasaki across the lower end of the
Yellow Sea to Shanghai. If these
cables should be cut by the Russians,
Japan would be cut off from communi
cation by cable with other countries.
This question of granting permission
to the cable company to land its cable
at Guam involves, to some extent, the
neutrality of the United States in the
pending Far Eastern conflict. Practi
cally, it is understood, a decision has
be«n reached that such permission
cou'.d be granted without violating the
term? of neutrality laid down by the
United States in its proclamation. It
peems not unlikely, however, that some
condition}! may be attached to the per
mission, if it Fhouid be granted. The
question now is in the hands of Secre
tary Hay, and a determination of it
probably will be reached very soon.
ASSAII-S UNITED STATES.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 26. — The
Novoe Vremya this morning published
a long leading article regarding the re
lations existing between the United
States and Russia. In considering the
unfriendly manifestations against the
latter in the United States, the Novoe
Vremya argues distinction must be
made between the people and the Gov
ernment, and it attributes the agita
tion in the press to a campaign engi
neered by the Jews, who, it has been
said, even talk of building a battleship
for the Mikado. The paper insists,
however, that the traditional friend
ship for Russia occupies a firm position
in the American mind and heart and
that the people cannot really prefer the
Japanese to the Russians, who never
have harmed them.
The Novoe Vremya, on the . other
hand, contends that without reason the
Washington Government has been un
friendly to Russia, and compares the
most brilliant feat of the State De
partment—the telegraphic ratification
of the Chinese open port treaty— to tele
graphic marriages which. It says, some
times are practiced in America.
But it is idle, the article goes on. to
talk now of sending United States Con
suls to Manchuria. Unsatisfied with
his Euccess, Secretary of . State Hay
undertook to secure the neutralization,
the inviolability of administration and
the entity of China. Diplomatists, lexi
cographers and publicists ' bein» In
doubt as to what all this meant, Sec
retary Hay kindly announced that he
did not care to have his proposal de
fined in detail. The article concludes:
THAT CHE.MULTO INCIDENT.
"The American Government has tak
en a position which . Ill -; accords with
the former good relations with Russia,
and we are convinced that the con
duct <rt the United States gunboat
Vicksburg in refusing to protect and
receive drowning Russians will not
meet with wide cympat' . in America,
nor will the Americans sympathize with
ihe naval demonstration at the mouth
of- the Yalu River, of ivhich the tele
graph brought a report yesterday."
As cabled from London on February
22, the Nagasaki correspor-*.ent of the
Lcndon Daily Telegraph asserted that
"the American squadron, the vessels
of 'which are variously reported at
Chefu and Shanghai, is 'going to'make
a demonstration at the mouth" of the
tr.u. ziixor." It Is oossible that this
is the report to which, the 'Novoe
Vremya refers. , :.-//' "■ ■ '■ '. > f
STIKHIXG MANIFESTO :>
ISSUED BY NICHQLa|-;
TO itUSSIAX Alife
ST. PETERSBURG', Feb. 26.— Astlrf
ring manifesto to" the army was issued
by the Czar to-day in the form of a
message to General Kuropafkin, the
commander In chief of the Russian
army in the Far East, aa follows:
"Although . as head .of the military
administration "since 1898 ■'"■you have
worked with energy^ and- asslduity t .to
reorganize and perfect the army, , your
work is tfot^Vetrdc^e^sHnr^^ifiuifehaa
come when I must summon Vou to head
my valiant armj. to defend the honor
and sovereignty 'of Jlussia a!nd her'sov
erign rights In ' the Far. East. --Know
ing your brilliant; gif1;sV and.! the' emi
nent preparations for battle, I am glad
to Intrust to you the responsible com
mand.of my Manchurian a ; rmy. against
the Japanese on. your leavWs your
work as Minister. May God help you
in your difficult' task; -which you with
such self-denial have assumed. In tak
ing leave of you and thanking you for
your sfx years' work for the good erf
my dear array I confer on 1 you the
Order of St.. Alexander- NevskV in. bril
liants. Wishing' success to you._and
trusting to you to transmit to my brave
army my . imperial greeting and my
blessing, may God 'keep you unharmed.
"NICHOLAS."
The diamond insignia of the Ordei
ot St. 'Alexander-Nevkst, which [ the
Czar has conferred upon General Ku
ropatkin, was accompanied by an auto
graph letter from .his Majesty,
ring in complimentary terms tp General
Kuropatkin's self-sacrificing* readiness
to accept the difficult post of military
commander in chief in Manchuria. :•
The Red Cross Society has ordered
its Siberian agents to'prepare a million
additional po-unds of grain and large
quantities of meat and sterilized milk.
Reports have been received here to the
effect that spring is commencing in
Southern Manchuria. The. weather is
warm and the ice on the rivers is ex
pected to break up daily. In Northern
Manchuria the rigors of winter are still
unabated.
The Birshewja Viedomosti says a tel
egram has been received from BaOj|i
Guisburg, who has a contract for sup
plying coal to the Russian navy, but
whose present address is not stated,
asserting that twelve armored Japanese
ships are now in dock undergoing re
pairs for the damages inflicted upon
them in their battles with the Rus
sians, i ■" ■■■"
FRENCH ATTITUDE
: NOT CHANGED BY THE
ACTION OF KOREA
PARIS, Feb. 26. — The French For
eign Oflfce categorically denies the re
port published in a London paper
that Korea having become the ally of
Japan, under the Japanese-Korean
treaty, France is thereby repired to
become the active ally of Russia. The
officials say the situation does not war
rant such a conclusion and add that
the new treaty does hot make the
slightest change in the position of
France. * ■ *
The Temps' St. Petersburg corre
spondent telegraphs that the Russian
warships Poltava, Novik, Askold and
Diana have completed the repairs
necessary. . He adds that all the ships
damaged are now available for active
service and that the Vladivostok
squadron makes frequent sorties from
that port, which remains open. Ad
miral Makaroff is expected to arrive
at Port Arthur about March 1." :
It is said that the Government will
ask for the authority of Parliament
to expend $2,000,000 in completing the
defenses of Saigon, capital of French
Cochin-China.
The Foreign Office this afternoon
announced that a treaty of arbitration
between France and Spain had been
signed to-day. The terms are Identi
cal with the recent treaties concluded
between France -and Great Britain
and Italy and Great Britain.
RUSSIA'S INFLUENCE
IN TIBET TROUBLES
Si LONDON GOVERNMENT
LONDON, Feb. 26.— Lord Hardwick,
Under Secretary for India; in the House
of Lords to-day, replying to the request
of Lord Rea (Liberal) for further in
formation regarding the British mis
sion to Tibet, said the Government
was determined to insist on a final
settlement regarding the carrying out
of the convention of 1880. The Tibet
ans had refused to ' have intercourse
with Great Britain, but the result of
their continual. Intercourse with Rus
sia had been to inspire the Tibetans
with a reeling that they had Russia
behind them and, therefore, they need
not fear the British. This equation
the Indian-' Government and" his
Majesty'B Government could not toler
ate for a moment.
While Lord , Hardwick refused to
pledge the Government regarding the
limit of Colonel Younghusband's ad
vance Into Tibet, He said the- mission
was friendly, and Colonel Yourighus
band would do nothing to promote hos
tilities.' ' >
CANADIAN PACIFIC
LINERS TRANSFORMED
INTO SHIPS OF WAR
VICTORIA, B. C.. Feb. 26.— By an
order Just received' here . from . the
British Admiralty the Canadian '., Pa
cific.. steamships, of .the. Empress Jinej
plying between Victoria and Oriental
ports, have shipped their "six-Inch
cuns and are now armed cruisers.
THE ■ SAN ERANCiSCO • CALL- - SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
SUMMARY OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS
/ .Admiral. Togo's fleet Js .bombarding Port Arthur daily no\y, Russian official- reports, state that,, no
damage is being done, and Tokio asserts that none of the Japanese ships have been hit by shells from the
forts or the Russian fleet in the harbor. An official report from Viceroy AIexleft*s chief of staff to the ef
: feet - tliat In yesterday's' attack the, Japanese.' fleet was convoying transports ; indicates" that the attacks
upon' Port Arthur are being made Jto "keep 4 th e Russians occupied while Japanese troops are being. landed
ton . Llaotung rpcninsula for a. : lattdf attack uppri -tiie Sty.' If it ever were Russia's;, intention 'to abandon
the %Ia.otnng' peninsula -and withdraw her into the interior of .Manchuria, with the object
; of . conipelling the Japanese tc^ tight atia^oonsiderable distance, from • their base of .supplies, ■ such strategy
-was- ircndei-ed impracticable byv.thc,~pronipt .', action, of the Japanese in "bottling : iip" the' Russian fleet hi
} Port. Ar'lhur .harbor.^ Should the .su-pnghold now be taken, itho fleet .would .be captured iwith JU A"s,an al
ternative the Rfflssinn admiral would' l»iye to -leave; the, .harbor and engage the superior naval force of
enemy. v on the onenjsea. : : .. • •/ V-''^i''J : " ;■' '■;.'■'•.-'•' "'.•'■ '\,\- "■ ■■■' '" '"' ) -'i '• _/' '-\ ■
. London strategists /apparently;. r are. .satisfied :*liat. the' Japanese have landed at VPossiet . -Bay :and
-.that their object Is to either. atUicic^ Vladivostok, >!»* Siberia, or threaten Ivirin.: Harbin and Russian
'; Vohinninicatlons generally in Northern' Manchuria. Military men in Berlin scout .the report' of the landing,
pointing out- that the garrison at Hundiuri is. reported- lo. consist of two, regiments. and that it would not
have fled without firing a shot. General PflugV- report. that eleven Japanese warships had been' seen off
,. Vladivostok tcmls to strenigrthen the"i"epdrt of . the Janding at Possiet."- ' • . : , . . - ...-.-.
;*:,■'_ Possiet Bay, is a gopd liarboi', but- In;, wihter- it", freezes for five mlles'/i"oin shore.- It is fortified and — -
\ - % foi^nerly, at least— -was an lmportant:;hiiiitary post, asr high as. 10,000, men, having ,bee'n , kept there , during
. ' lS'9I,;;ithe year of tiie Japauese-Cliinev«envar. , The fort Uieationsl'alone-o.'ill for a good sized garrison. -If the
;» haie laiided tliere they mustbe;credited with a. darhig.bit'of strategy. ; ... " '' . '
y. V. > ; jtcports..from both ;To!do. and St.':, Pctersbiu-g: indicate that the Japanese .failed, in tljeir attempt to
, close' the Port Arthur- channel. , Volunteer .: crews of merchant sailors 'were on the sacrificed steamships, it
; ; b«2iiig found hnp9ssible to :decide between the' naval iiien. Who wished to share in the glory.;
The tinic of General Kuroimtkih's departure for Manchuria is made doubtful by conflicting reports.
He is siiid to 'have demanded that the army ;in- the' Far East be "increased i 'to^'-iOO.OOO men. •
Ivoi-ca will aid Japan with<0O,OOO.' trxx>ps.' The!' Korean warriors do not- rank' very hlgli as fighters.
Again- come reports fi'omXagasalvl; of transports 'loading troops for Dnlnyorfits'vlchiltj'. * t
Russian War
Chief Wants
400,000 Men
• ■■■..• . - . . -\
Continued From* Page 1, Column .4.
pay for the support of 1500 of such
hardened .warriors throughout the' war
if the Emperor accept his proposition.
..What one "hears more often. , dis
cussed than any, other question " just
now is : the: probability of trouble be
tween this country and! the United
States. America to-day Is' looked upon
here as a direct and most : formidable
enemy of Russia and Russia's ire is
intense thereat.
Intense activity, is shown in Danish
military preparations, increasing the
strength of the forts and raising new
ones on the island of Saltholm. Den
mark is keeping three military trains
under steam for the purpose of rap
idly focusing her strength. This at
tracts much attention here and Is
reckoned as a preliminary step to
closing the Baltic. The Novoe
Vremya calls attention to the fact
that British arsenals" are working
night and day with feverish haste.
AS IN DAYS OF KNIGHTHOOD.
Like a knight of olden times before
going to battle, General Kuropatkin
to-day performed the most solemn rites
of the mother church. After fasting
this week he went to the church in the
Cadet Corps Academy, where he was
educated, and there made his confes
sion and partook of the sacrament. The
officiating priest, holding up the sacred
image of St. Sergius, which has just ar
rived in Moscow, blessed the. prostrate
commander and bade him godspeed.
The general was shaking with emotion
and embraced many of his assembled
comrades.
The Metropolitan of Moscow, who ac
companied the Ikon of St. Sergius to
St. Petersburg, has received letters
from the Czar recalling the overthrow
of the. Tartar hordes under its auspices
and prophesying that it also will lead
the Russians to victory over the Jap
anese.
Like ' millions of their subjects; the
Czar and Czarina to-day made confes
sions of their sins. It was a day of
praise as well as of prayer here, and
the solemn rites attending the cere
mony of confession alternated with
thanksgiving for the news from the
East. Their Majesties confessed in the
church of the winter palace to Court
Chaplain Yanisheff and afterward
walked in the palace garden.
VISIT THE IMPERIAL TOMBS.
The visit of the Czar and Czarina to
the imperial tombs in the Cathedral of
St. Peter and St. Paul and the fortress
of St. Peter and St. Paul occurred this
morning. They prayed for a long time
"beside the tombs of the Czar's father
and brother, and a cheering multitude
greeted them as they drove to* the
Chapel of . the Saviour In Peter the
Great's house, •'" which is a short dis
tance from the fortress. There they
attended a special service of prayer. «
At kroristadt to-night a general con
fession was. given by Father John of
Kronstadt in St. Andrew's Church.
Since the beginning of Lent pilgrims
have been arriving at Kronstadt from
throughout European Russia and the
lodging-houses are full. • The church
was thronged with worshipers -and
there . was an Immense crowd outside.
With the opening of the service the
congregation began to wall and their
cries, groans and shouts produced a
w-eird effect. The tumult ceased sud
denly when Father John arose and pro
nounced forgiveness of. the sins of all
present.
SCOUTS OF RIVAL
ARMIES APPEAR IN
NORTHERN KOREA
LONDCJN, Feb. 27.— "Russian and
Japanese scouts sighted' . each other
Thursday , morning . at Sukchen,
twenty-five miles north of Pingyang,
Korea,' but did not come into ; con
tact," cables the Tokio correspondent
of the Times. * "The Russians ae now
moving - southward of the -. Tumen
River, where the roads are extremely
bad. - . - ■ ' ;
• "The changes in the Korean Cabinet
have; brought into power the partisans
of the United States and Japan. :
"Russian soldiers, have seized the
premises of an American; mining com
pany at Unsan. north of Pingyang."
Fire in : Big Shipbuilding , Yards.
• NEWPORT NEWS, Vai, FebV 26.—
Fire of: unknown origin broke out In
tb'e angle" iron shed • of : the^ Newport
News Shipbuilding Company'' to-night
and destroyed the building, ' the 'only
frame structure In the shipyard. 'Loss,
$15,000.
Japanese Report of
Attack on Port
Arthur.
TOKLO/Feb. 27; — The official report
of the i .'attempt made' last Tuesday
night to :block the entrance of the har
bor of Port Arthur reached Toklo last
night^(Friday). The report was' writ
ten' by;Vice- Admiral Kamimura; divi
sib'n commander" under jAdmiralTogo.
The. reix>rt v refcites tha^t .at a 'certain
point! near. Port Arthur Tuesday even
ing a number .of- merchant steamers,
escorted by a .torpedo' flotilla, were'dis
patehed for the purpose of closing the
entrance; to the harbor. The torpedo
.liotilla j rejoined > the fie'et at 10 a. m.
at sea at a rendezvous.pre
viously agreed upon and reported that
the steamer Hokoku Maru had been
sunk at the foot of the lighthouse on
the left side of the entrance.
The Bushi Maru was sunk outside,
beyond the Hokoku Maru. The Tenshin
Maru, the Buoy Maru and Jinsen Maru
were sunk at the foot of Latotche Hill
almost side by side. All the
mentioned steamers were sunk by their
own crews, who were all safely rescued.
The torpedo flotilla was unharmed. The
torpedo Hot ilia also reported that it dis
covered the Russian cruisers Bayan and
No-vik together with a few destroyers
in the outer harbor.
After the ..flotilla., rejoined it the
main* fleet J advanced 'slowly on Port
Arthur, ' where it found the Russian
cruisers Bayan, Askold ' and Novik
moving about the f c ou£er harbor and
under cover of the batteries. A bom
bardment began at long range and at
11:45 a. m. all the ships and batteries
were responding vigorously. Shortly
after noon tfie Novik retreated into
the inner harbor. The Askold and
Bayan, quickly following, demonstrat
ed that the sinking of the steamers
had not blocked the entrance of the
harbor. A bombardment of the in
ner harbor was then ordered and for
fifteen minutes all of the heavy guns
of the Japanese fleet threw shells over
the hills into the harbor.
The Japanese were unable to deter
mine' the effect of the bombardment,
but saw huge columns of smoke aris
ing from time to time. In the .mean
time the Japanese cruiser squadron dis
covered two Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyers at" the foot of Laotche Hill and
gave chase. One of the destroyers es
caped, but the other was pursued into
Pigeon Bay where it was sunk. , Vice
Admiral Kamimura reports that the
Japanese fleet sustained no damage
and did riot lose a single man.
Submarines to Be Shipped by Rail.
CHERBOURG, Feb.. 26.— M. Pelletan.
Minister of Marine, has decided that
the submarine vessels destined for the
Saigon (Indo-China) defense be sent
tw Toulon by rail. . ■. „ ......
BALFOUR FORCE
IS WEAKENING
, LONDON,' Feb. 26.— It is probable
that there will be a dissolution of Par
i liament within six weeks and if, as it
is expected, the . Liberals are returned
to power, King Edward will summon
Lord Spencer, the Liberal Leader in
the House of Lords, to form a Cabinet.
His. Majesty and all prominent politi
cians are fully aware of the situation
created, by the irremediable cleavage
In the " Unionist ranks by fiscal and
other difference^, and they are all pre
paring for a speedy fall of the Gov
ernment and a consequent general elec-
Those best informed on political
matters,' including even many persons
in close touch with Joseph Chamber
lain, anticipate that the Liberals will
not only win easily at the forthcom
ing election, but estimate their major r
ity as high as 150.
The bye-election to fill the seat in
Parliament from South Birmingham
made vacant by the recent death of
Joseph Powell Williams, Liberal Un
ionist, was held to-day with the : fol
lowing jesult: Lord Metperth, Union
ist, 5299;.H. Hallowell, Liberal, 2222.
Wisconsin's Capitol Burning.
-, MADISON^ ; WIs., Feb. : 27.— The State
Capitol Is on fire and: half of the build
ing, may. be 'destroyed. | The entire ' city
fire-department is j fighting : the flre. At
4:30 a. m. theifirehad been burning for
an hour and was not under control. "'
A . Guaranteed • Cure, for ; Files.
Itching,'-' Blind;-. Bleeding or Protruding-. File*.'
Tour druggist will refund -money- If Pazo
Qintmanx ttila.ta cur* VQU Ja 6 XO H (Ui'l. SOa*
Small Damage
To Either Side
At Port Arthur
Continued .From Page 1, Column 6.
''The enemy's squadron of sixteen
warships approached from the Dalny
side toward the. harbor of Port Arthur
at about 11 o'clock this morning and
at once opened fire on our'three cruis
ers standing outside the roadstead,
namely, the Askold, the Bayan and
the Novik, and also against the land
forts. : The bombardment lasted* a
Half hour.' At its conclusion our
cruisers retired into the harbor. The
enemy then bombarded one land bat
tery for several minutes. Then the
enemy also retreated, remaining out
of range of our guns.
| "In the meanwhile four Japanese
cruisers separated from the enemy's
main squadron and went into Golu
binsja Bay, where they opened a heavy
fire on one of our torpedo boats sta
tioned in the bay and also on the coast
batteries. Consequently the commander
of the fort sent troops to this point,
but no landing took place. The bom
bardment there lasted twenty-two
minutes, at the expiration of which the
Japanese - cruisers retreated.. The loss
on our side this day was 'one man
wounded in one of the land batteries.
"The officer commanding at Vladivo
stok reports that on February 24, early
in the morning, ten of the enemy's
ships were seen south of the islands.
They disappeared on the horizon in the
evening."
FIRING RESUMED AT NIGHT.
' PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 26. — Last
night at about 10 o'clock Japanese
torpedo boats again unsucess
fully attempted to approach Port Ar
thur. Firing was heard at sea after
midnight and it is presumed that Rus
sian torpedo boats or torpedo boat de
stroyers had attacked the Japanese. No
details of the result are at hand.
The Noviski published a condemna
tion"^ the United States for proposing
the neutralization of China.
TWO BADLY DAMAGED
JAPANESE WARSHIPS
IN TOW OFF KOREA
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Her-ld. Copyright, 1004, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU, Feb. 26. — The crew of a
junk which arrived here to-day re
portg having passed at a distance
eleven Japanese warships, coming
from the direction of Port Arthur, off
the coast of Korea. Two were being
towed, but owing to the distance the
junk crew was unable to ascertain the
names of the ships. They were visibly
badly damaged. , ., ..
\ The following. message^was sent by
mail from Seoul on February 11:
"It ..is reported that the Japanese
Minister has \ informed the^ Emperor
of Korea that, a director general or
viceroy, who will be a Prince of the
Japanese imperial house, will soon be
appointed to represent Japan in Ko
rea, but the arrangement would be
temporary only .and . the Emperor
need not be alarmed." *
WAR CORRESPONDENTS
-GUESTS OF BOHEMIANS
• The corps of war correspondents that
has been assembling here from all
parts of the globe during the last few
days preparatory to their departure
to-day; for the Orient on the steam
ship China were . entertained at dinner
last evening at the Bohemian Club by
a number of members of that organiza
tion... Guests and hosts numbered In
all twenty-four and heartily enjoyed
the several hours passed in exchange
of opinions on . the . progress of hostili
ties in the .Far. East arid interesting
stories related by the more prominent
of writers present.
.Those present were: Richard Hard
ing Davis, who goes to, the Orient as
the representative of Collier's Week
ly;. John Fox; Jr., representing Scrib
.ners;, James de Conlay Jr. of the Syd T
riey Chronicle: A- G. Hales of the Lon-.
don": News: \ L. T. Lawton of the Lon
don. Express; M. H. Donohoe of the
London Chronicle; Paul CowIcb, who
is to; take charge of the 'Associated
Press bureau in . China; James D.
Phelan," president of the Bohemian
Club: F. W. Hall, vice ; president; E.
D. . Pelxotto,' secretary; " Dr." F. W.
d'Evelyn, Chester Bailey Fernald,
Bruce .Porter,' Robert L Aitken, Her
man. Sheffauer, 1 * Ernest ' Simpson,
Charles Si Aikeri, John McNaught,Will
Irwln. J. B. . Landfield, Professor W.
D.Armes, George T. Bromley and
Colonel Alexander Hawe3
Mikado's Troops to Besiege
Two Russian Strong
holds in Orient.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 1904. bj
the New -York Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Feb. 27. — So much im
portance is attached to the report in
the Russian Herald that the Jap
anese had made a landing at Possiet
Bay that -the London newspapers of
this morning print detailed maps of
the district to illustrate the suggested
movement.
It is, of course, recognized that the
report may be incorrect. As cabled
by the Chefu correspondent of The
Call,- it was given as a rumor, and the
authority cited by the Newchwang cor
respondent of the Daily Mail was a
missionary,, whose testimony might be
of the hearsay order, while a Reuter
dispatch which came later quoted na
tive testimony.
: Still it is- believed by military and
naval experts in. London that there are
a good many chances of the reported
Japanese landing at Possiet Bay being
ah accomplished fact^and one who is
usually a good judge went so far as to
predict that ere long a simultaneous
attack would be made on Vladivostok
and Port Arthur. That, he said, would
be a coup de theatre quite in line with
the declaration made on Thursday by
Japan's- Premier, Count Katsura, that
Japan was resolved to strike hard and
strike fast, if only that the agony
might be as brief as possible.
There has been, according to this
viewi a lifting in two places of the
veil which shrouds Japan's prepara
tions for land operations. One was the
Possiet Bay. report and the other Is
contained in a dispatch from Bennett
Burleigh respecting the landing of
troops in the vicinity of Dalny. Bur
leigh had been at Nagasaki for several
weeks, but, tiring of enforced inaction
there, left Japan recently and yester
day turned up at Shanghai, whence he
eent the Important news in question.
Berlin advices state that German
tacticians discredit the report of a
Japanese landing at Possiet Bay,
which, they say, is strongly defended,
and they utterly reject the statement
that the Russian garrison retired with
out having fired a shot.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph asserts that the Rus
sians are evacuating Dalny. The Rus
sians boast that they have mined the
breakwater, .wharves and railroad sid
ings at Dalny in order to prevent the
Japanese making use of these facilities.
This correspondent repeats that the
Russians have supplies for only five
months at Port Arthur.
RUSSIAN* EXPERT OPINION*.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25.-«-There
is a difference of opinion among the
military and naval officers in regard
to the: purpose of the Japanese move
ments at Port Arthur, but the,pre
vailing opinion is that it is to effect
a diversion to cover their movement
elsewhere. A high naval officer, speak
ing of the attempt to block the chan
nel, said:
"I cannot understand what the Japa
nese hoped to accomplish. They forget
that the days of wooden, inflammable
ships are past. If their object really
was to block the channel it was equally
futile, as it would be easy to clear the
entrance by blowing up the wreck. We
believe the Japanese activity at Port
Arthur was a feint to engross our at
tention while they continue their dis
embarkation of troops in Korea. I do
not believe that at this time they will
attempt a landing in force on the Llao
tung peninsula." i
It is said that the battleship Retvl
zan, outside the mouth of the harbor, is
acting as a guardship. The remainder
of the Russian squadron is inside to
avoid a torpedo attack.
The Idea that the Japanese seriously
contemplate a bombardment of Port
Arthur, inviting the exposing of their
ships to a plunging fire from the guns
on Golden Hill, is regarded by military
experts as absurd.
JAPAN IS SENDING
IMMENSE ARMY TO
VICINITY OF DALNY
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, \WH. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 26. — A large
number of ''transports have returned
to Nagasaki, where they are busily
engaged in embarking more troops
for the vicinity of Dalny. More than
forty transports will be the total that
have sailed since February 10, and
still larger embarkation is proceeding
from Ujina, v near Hiroshima. The lat
ter and not Kioto will be again made
army and navy headquarters during
the war. More than thirty big trans
ports are' now at Ujlna, which is the
principal troop embarking station,
and an enormous force of soldiers ha3
been quartered there.
RUSSIANS PLEASED
BY AMERICAN'S GIFT
TO HOSPITAL FUND
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 26.— The
giving of $10,000 by Charles A. Crane
of Chicago to the "Young Empress"
fund for Russian soldiers and sailors
has been received everywhere with ex
pressions of appreciation. Her Majes
ty was deeply touched by the donation.
The gift was made by Crane through
Count Rostosoff, his Majesty's Chan
cellor, i ~
Crane has cabled that it was be
lieved In America • that Russia has
done everything to maintain peace, but
that her had been forced by a
treacherous enemy.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.-Couut
Cassini, the Russian Embassador,. has
received from his Government an* ex
ceedingly cordial cable dispatch in re
sponse to his message sent to St.
Petersburg Beveral days ago regard-
Ing the numerous offers of American
doctors and nurses to give their ser
vices to the Russian army * and navy
in the Far Eastern war. . The Embas
sador is invited by his Government to
assure the Americans that his Majesty
has been deeDly touched by this r«-
newed evidence of kindly spirit on the
part of the Americans, and that, al
though the Government of the Em
peror is profoupdly appreciative of
these offers, the overwhelming number
of doctors and nurses in Russia will
scarcely permit her to accept aid from
other countries. .
It seems that the St. Petersburg au
thorities are besieged with requests
from all over Russia from subjects to
go to the front either in a military
or medical capacity.
One hundred and fifty letters were
received at the Russian embassy to
day from persons expressing their
sympathy for Iiussia in the Far East
ern war. Many of these are from
business men, tvho express the hope
that the relations between Russia and
the United States may continue
friendly.
CITIZENS OF THIS
COUNTRY EXPELLED
FROM MANCHURIA
YINGTSE. Manchuria, Feb. 26.— An
American refugee from Harbin ■ says
the authorities there have discriminated
in the expulsion of Americans, Japan
ese and British subjects. Persons of
other nationalities have not been mo
lested. This is virtually the situation
at other places, and especially at Port
Arthur, where nearly all the Germans
are officers.
The few American and British sub
jects at Port Arthur have been required
to sign an agreement to leave within
a given time.
The authorities say that all Japanese
have left Port Arthur in installments
on the last steamships from there, but
an English refugee says there were 200
Japanese women at Port Arthur un
able to secure a passage and who were
sent north again by the authorities
last Sunday.
These women cannot be accounted
for, although Henry B. Miller, United
States Consul at Newchwang, has re
peated his inquiries concerning their
whereabouts. As a result o* the repre
sentations made by Miller as to his
rights to investigate the cases and care
for them personally, the civil admin
istrator of Newchwang has gone to
see Viceroy AlexiefT.
The rumors of numerous engage
ments on the Ya!u River are discredit
ed here. It is said that Russia has no
definite plan of campaign, and that
she does not intend to move before the
reorganization of the Manchurian reg
iment, which cannot be effected be
fore two or three weeks or a month.
The expectation that the powers will
interfere to secure the protection of
Newchwang has almost been aban
doned.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP
STOPPED BY A SHOT
FROM RUSSIAN CRAFT
ADEN, Arabia, Feb. 26.— A Russian
torpedo-boat destroyer stopped and
hoarded the British Indian steamship
Mombasda. in the Red Sea, on Febru
ary 22. The destroyer fired a gun.
which the Mombassa disregarded, but
a second shot caused the liner to stop.
A Russian officer boarded the Mom
bassa and examined her papers, after
which she was allowed to proceed.
SUEZ, Egypt, Feb. 26.— The Russian
squadron from Jibutil is reported to be
anchored In the Gulf of Suez, twenty
five miles south of Suez. A torpedo
boat, destroyer which had already en
tered the canal, bound northward, ha3
sailed southward again .o rejoin the
squadron.
JAPANESE FUGITIVE
WANTED IN HONOLULU
WILL BE EXTRADITED
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— The Jap
anese Government has agreed to sur
render a Japanese subject to the United
States, under extradition proceedings.
Samuro Adachl. a Japanese living in
Honolulu, was charged there with per
jury committed in connection with the
trial of cases Involving alleged importa
tion of Japanese women for immoral
purposes. He fled to Japan. The State
Department has just been informed
that the Japanese Government has
granted its request for the man's ex
tradition and has surrendered him to
an agent for Hawaii, who will sail with
him for Honolulu from Yokohama on
the"- Siberia to-day.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Whether It is of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels, or more delicate organs, catarrh is
always debilitating and should never fall of
attention.
It is a discbarge from the mucous mem-
brane when kept in a state of inflammation
by an impure, commonly scrofulous, con-
dition of the blood. .."..; .
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures all forma of catarrh, radically and
permanently — It removes the cause and
overcomes all th* pfT*?ts. Get Hood's.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price List* aaiiai
on Application.
PSESH A2TD SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS k Cfi Sb'PP 1 *"- Butcta-a ,109
JrtJ. UU lLJ a Wv. CTay. Tel. Main 123».
... ores.
LUBTUCATINO OILS: LEONARD A ELLJ3.
41S Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1*1».
PKIMTINO.
.LCfiUGBES. ws^-*-.JAPANESE CLAIM SWEEPING VICTORY AT PORT ARTHUR
Reports Russia's
Entire Fleet
Disabled.
Tokio's Version of
the Attack by
Togo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOKIO, Feb. 26.— Army and navy
officials, conservative in everything re
lating to the war. issued a bulletin this
evening which they classed as an un
official report because it did not come
from Admiral Togo. The bulletin was
the substance of a dispatch received
from Seoul in the morning and Bent by
I-jeutenant General Iseji. commander
of the sixth military division, com
prising the Eleventh and Twenty-
Third brigades of Infantry, now at the
Korean capital. His Information of the
pea fight on Thursday morning must
have come through Chemulpo by wire
less telegraph from one of the warsh:p3,
but because it is signed by him instead
of the admiral it is bulletined without
any comments by the Government. The
message of Lieutenant General Iseji
carries news of a great victory by tne
Japanese navy. As bulletined it says:
'"On Thursday morning the enemy
was engaged by the fleet, the Russian
cruisers Askold. Bayan and No vile as-
F:sting the land force from outside the
harbor. All three cruisers were driv
en inside after a fire of fifty minutes.
It is believed they are damaged be
low as well as above the water line.
Our shells exploded in the fort and
undoubtedly did great damage. Two
£runs on Golden Hill were silenced.
"After the morning engagement the
cruisers Toshino. Chitose, Kasagi and
Takasago turned Laothieshan Chan
nel and enjragred three torpedo-boats
in Pigeon Bay. destroying one and
damaging: others. The land batteries
were silenced."
RUSSIAN' FLEET DISABLED.
In addition to this, the Government
has posted a bulletin announcing that
no message has been received directly
from Admiral Togo, but that indirect
information is to the effect that the
Russian fleet is now practically unlit
for naval service because of the dam
apes Fustained in two recent fights
and that Port Arthur channel, while
not securely locked, is dangerous to
navigation.
Naval tacticians here, both native
and foreign, put the greatest emphasis
on that part of the report that the
Askold. the Bayan and the Xovid only
took part In outside engagements. This
leads to the belief that all the Russian
battleships have been damaged by Ad
miral Togo's attack and that the three
cruisers were the only ships able to
come out and meet the Japanese fleet.
The report from the lieutenant general
FUgfrceis that these three cruisers are
now unseaworthy.
TOKIO'S OFFICIAL ACCOUNT.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26. — The Jap
anese legation has received a cable
dispatch from Tokio under to-day's
date giving an account of the inef
fectual attempt made by the Japanese
to blockade the mouth of the harbor
at Port Arthur and also a brief ac
count of the attack by the Japanese
on Port Arthur yesterday morning
The text of the dispatch follows:
••Vice Admiral Kamimura reports on
the 26th of February the following:
According to the report from the tor
pedo flotilla, which was sent for the
purpose of rescuing: the crews of th.*
Ftearr.ers pent to block up the harbor
at Port Arthur, the steamer Hokoku
on the left side of the entrance of the
harbor near the lighthouse, and the
snoamer Bushui outside the entrance,
were sunk purposely by the Japanese
by explosion. The steamers Tenshin.
Buyo and Jinson sunk themselves on
the east of the Lao Thie Shan. AH the
crews of these steamers were picked
up in safety. Our destroyers and tor
pedo flotilla are unharmed. On the
night of the 24th out destroyers again
went on a scouting cruise near Port
Arthur. Dalny and Pigeon Bay.
TOUPEDO-BOAT SUNK.
"On the dawn of the 25th our main
squadron approached Port Arthui^and
bombarded the enemy's men-of-war
ADVTEBTISEJCENTS.
pazorI
SHAVE
YOURSELF?
It will pay you to Ie»m. p.widlng; you ute
one of my $2 furors. Thlt Razor la *qual
to any beard, no matter how *tlff or
ttumpy. Made of finely tempered «teel:
»r'.ll ho:d it« die? and will not pull. Tou
can't lall to b<? pleased with H.
I've many other srad*« at prices to cor-
respond—all pood, dependable cutlery.
TOCKET KNIVES, in great variety, as
lew In rri<"»> a« fiOe.
FCIESOHS that you can rely on, 25c
and up. _
RAZOR STROPS, from 25e up.
Two bars 'Williams' Shaving: Soap. 15e.
Mail Orders Promptly Attended to.
THAT MAN PITTS.
p\ W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 Market Street. aboT* Powell.
6an Francisco.
What two words mean most
to your grocer? and what dc
thny mean?
Schilling's Best; and they
mean a good deal of busines:
without any trouble. _
MAXCIIURIAN RAILROAD BRIDGE DESTROYED BY JAPANESE AND TEMPORARY STRUCTURE FOR THE PASSAGE OF RUSSIAN TROOPS.
about the forts from a distance. We
saw the Novik, the Askold and the
Bayan fleeing into the harbor, thus it
being apparent that the blocking opera
tion had not much effect. Our squadron
then fired into the harbor, and we saw
names and considerable smoke. We
withdrew after fifteen minutes' shell
ing. While our cruisers were thus en
gaged in firing we saw one of the en
emy's torpedo-boats destroyed. Our
squadron received no damage. Vice Ad
miral Togo is still on the scene."
TEXT OF TREATY
BETWEEN 3IIKADO
AND KOREAN RULER
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— The Jap
anese legation has received from Tokio
the text of the treaty between Korea
and Japan, by the terms of which
the Japanese Government "guarantees
the independence and the territorial in
tegrity of the Korean empire."
The treaty was signed on February 22
at Seoul. Its text follows:
"Mr. Hayashi, the Envoy Extraordi
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary of
his Majesty of Japan and Major Gen
eral Ye Tchi Yong. the Minister of
State for Foreign Affairs ad interim
of his Majesty, have agreed on these
following articles:
"Article I — For the purpose of main
taining a permanent and solid friend
ship between Japan and Korea and
firmly establishing peace in the Far
East, the imperial Government of
Korea shall place full confidence in the
imperial Government of Japan and
adopt the advice of the latter in regard
to improvements in administration.
"Article II — The imperial Government
o f . Japan shall, in a spirit of firm
friendship, insure the safety and re
pose of the imperial house of Korea.
"Article III— The imperial Govern
ment of Japan definitely guarantees the
independence and territorial integrity
of the Korean empire.
"Article IV — In case the welfare of
the imperial house of Korea or the ter
ritorial integrity of Korea is endan*
gered by the, aggression of a third
power or by internal disturbances, the
Government of Korea shall immediate
ly take such measures as circumstances
require, and in such cases the imperial
Government of Korea shall give full
facilities to promote the action of the
imperial Japanese Government. The
imperial Government of Japan may,
for the attainment of the above men
tioned object, occupy when the circum
stances require It such places as may
be necessary from strategic points of
view. : » .
"Article 5 — The governments of the
two countries shall not in the future
without mutual consent conclude with
a third power such an article as may
be contrary to the principles of the
present protocol.
"Article 6 — Details in connection
with the present protocol shall be ar
ranged, as the circumstances may re
quire, between the representative of
Japan and the Minister of Stata for
Foreign Affairs of Korea."
Cincinnati Goes to Chemulpo.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26.— The cruiser
Cincinnati left Shanghai for Chemulpo
to-day as the relief of the Zafiro. which
is on the way to Philippine waters.
Torpedo Flotilla Leaves Port Said.
PORT SAID, Feb. 26.— The United
States torpedo-boat flotilla, escorted by
the auxiliary cruiser Buffalo, left to
day on its way to Manila.
French Troops for Indo- China.
CHERBOURG, Feb. 25.— A strong
contingent of French colonial troops is
being organized for service in Indo-
Chlna.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2{, 190*.
NO CAMP SITE
TO BE CHOSEN
Special Dispatch to The Ca.lt.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 26.— It
can be definitely stated there will be
no purchase of a camp site in Califor
nia or any other Western State this
year. The army staff has suggested a
desire that the pending bill be amend
ed so as to cut out the names of all
States or more definite locations
and leave the several appropriations
remain, placing the money at the dis
posal of the staff to purchase the sites
where they deem best. The military
committee having the matter under
consideration has not taken kindly to
the proposition. Not wishing to fly
directly in the face of the expressed
wish of the staff, nor yet willing to
concede as much as they require the
committee will allow the bill to die.
It is understood that the staff intend
ed to purchase three sites, one of which
was to be In Kentucky, another the
Chickamauga Park and the third not
stated. There was to be none, however,
on the Pacific Coast.
TRY TO KILL
UTAH SHERIFF
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Feb. 26.— One
man dying, one fatally wounded and
two others injured is the result of a
battle between bandits and an officer
of the law on a passenger train on the
San Pedro road to-night. The battle
was the result of an attempt on the
part of Sheriff Hickman to arrest two
men supposed to be the perpetrators of
the robbery of railroad laborers at
Calientes a few nights ago.
Two men acting suspiciously boarded
train No. 2 at Modena, near the State
line, and the Sheriff at Milford was
notified. When the train arrived there
at 11:50 o'clock to-night he entered the
day coach where a number of Italians
were. He was followed by the Town
Marshal and several men acting as
deputies.
When the Italians saw the Sheriff
they opened fire on him, thinking he
was a robber. A general fusillade fol
lowed, the foreigners doing most of the
shooting. The Sheriff lost a finger, the
Town Marshal was shot through the
hand and a man behind him was struck
in the head and probably fatally in
jured. !
During the excitement the two strange
men seen boarding the train at Mo
dena slipped from the train and started
up < the track. When the shooting
stopped 'the Sheriff took the guns away
from the Italians and marched them to
the city jail. Then he formed a posse
to hunt for the escaped men. One of
them was found a short distance from
the depot, lying on the ground near the
pumphouse, shot through the abdomen.
His name Is not known. He is fatally
injured. The second man has not yet
been captured.
The eho6ting caused a panic among
the passengers on the train, which waa
delayed at Milford more than an hour.
PESHAURE. British India, Feb. 26.—
It is reported that the Ameer's boun
dary pillars on the Afghan-Turkestan
border have been destroyed by Russian
agents
$3,000,000
FIRE VISITS
ROCHESTER
, ROCHESTER, N. Y. f Feb. 26. — At
sunset to-night ten engines were pour
ing streams of water on the ruins of
most of the retail drygoods quarter of
Rochester. Three of the five depart
ment stores in Rochester were con
sumed in a fire to-day which caused
a loss of more than $3,000,000. The Sib
ley, Lindsay & Curr Company, the
largest retail store in Rochester, was
destroyed. Of the loss $735,000 repre
sents buildings, and. the remainder
stocks and furnishings. It is said that
2500 persons were thrown out of work
by the fire.
The burned region lies on the north
side of Main street, between St. Paul
street and Clinton avenue.north running;
from St. Paul street almost the entire
length of the block. The fire started
In the store of the Rochester Drygoods
Company and worked west, burning
only one store east of this establish
ment, that of (,he Walkover Shoe Com
pany, before its progress was checked
in that direction. $ext was the store
of the Beadle-Sherburne Company,
which was destroyed.
Then the marble block.occupied by the
Sibley, Lindsay &. Curr Company, was
destroyed, and finally the thirteen
story granite building, the lower floor
of which was also occupied by the
Sibley, Lindsay & Curr Company and
the upper part by offices, was attacked.
Only the " front wall of the marble
building is standing to-night. The shell
of the granite building is Intact and
the floors are in place, but the building
Is gutted.
The Sibley, Lindsay & Curr Com
pany's six-story wholesale b'uilding, to
gether with the stables in the rear, was
destroyed, with all Its valuable con
tents, this loss being placed at $1,450,
000. '':•:'< / •
There were a livery stable and some
frame dwellings on Division street, a
narrow thoroughfare running in the
rear of the burned stores, and these
were damaged by water and falling
walls.
No one was injured except Assistant
Chief Frank A. Jaynes, who was struck
by a flying nozzle. The power on the
trolley line running along Main street
was cut off to avoid danger from elec
tricity and no cars have run through
the block where the fire occurred. All
other traffic has been stopped and
probably will not be resumed until
Monday.
Following are the largest losses:
Granite building. $300,000; Marble
building, $75,000: Cornwell building.
$60,000; Kirley building, $35,000; Sibley,
Lindsay & Curr Company, $250,000.
The loss in stock was as follows:
Sibley, Lindsay & Curr Company, re
tail $350,000. wholesale $1,250,000; ten
ants.in Granite building, $200,000; Bead
le-Sherburne Company, $350,000; Roch
ester Drygoods Company, $150,000. The
smaller losses foot up $80,000.
Fire Destroys a Custom House.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— A private dis
patch received to-day stated that the
Custom-house 1 at Pernambuco. Brazil,
had been damaged $500,000 by fire! All
the archives were burned. ■
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. . Hit— John Martin and
L. p. Lowe have, purchased the electrtc light
plant In Watsonvlll* and have - consolidated It
with the rajaro Valley Gaa - Company. .
HOUSE PASSES
THE NAVY BILL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26.— The House
passed the naval appropriation bill to
day after having had it under consid
eration for a week. There was a party
contest on a number of proposals dur
ing the day and especially on an effort
of different minority members to secure
an amendment to fix the price, of ar
mor plate at the figure bid by the Mid
vale Steel Company. Several amend
ments were ruled out on points of ojv
der and the Republican leaders by par
liamenlary tactics left the question of
armor plate in the discretion of the
Secretary of the Navy. An ineffectual
attempt was made to have the eight
hour law applied to all ship construc
tion. The contest over submarine boats
was exciting and an amendment finally
was adopted which leaves the question
of the type of boat open, but increases
the amount of the appropriation for
such boats. The minority failed to se
cure a record vote on the proposal to
recommit with instructions, the pro
posed instructions being declared out
of order.
At 5 p. m. the committee rose and
the bill was reported to the House.
Meyer (Dem.) of Louisiana moved to
recommit to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, with instructions to report a
bill providing for a coaling station at
Olangapo. P. I., eliminating the pro
vision for two armored cruisers:
placing a limit of $398 a ton on armor
plate, or, as an alternative, directing
the Secretary of the Navy to erect ia
Government armor-plate factory; pro
viding that all ships authorized by, the
bill, except the . battleships, shall
be constructed In Government yards;
providing, that no part of the money
paid for armor plate shall be paid to
a concern in a trust, and limiting to
eight hours a day work on all Govern
ment contracts.
Foss made the point > of order that
new legislation was proposed by Meyer,
and was sustained by the chair.
Payne cut off further debate by
moving to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and then
he and his Republican associates de
feated the motion, 138 to 99.
The bill then passed without opposi
tion and the House adjourned.
WELL KNOWN AUTHOR
TOURING CALIFORNIA
Cyrus Townsend Brady Confident
That the Japanese Will Eventu
ally Down the Russians.
Cyrus Townsend Brady of New York,
author and newspaper correspondent,
accompanied by his wife, arrived in
this city yesterday and is staying at
the Russ House. Mr. Brady has been
traveling through the southern portion
of the country inspecting the Santa Fe
reading-rooms with S. E. Buaser, super
intendent'of that department of the
company. He regards the railroad read
ing-room as one of the great educa
tional movements of the age.
Of the war between Japan and Rus
sia, in which he is deeply interested,
Mr. Brady expresses the opinion that
the Russians will not stand up against
their formidable iittle opponents, who
are fighting along American"" lines of
warfare. He was a classmate at th;
Annapolis Naval Academy of several of
the present commanders of the Japan
ese navy and he relates many interest
ing reminiscences of their life together
at that institution. He 'expects to re
main in California for some time.*
PISTOL SHOT
CAUSES ALARM
Considerable excitement was oc
casioned in the vicinity of Pine and
Jones streets shomly after 11 o'clock
last night by a pistol shot and the sub
sequent arrest of a suspected burglar.
The scene of the affair is in the center
of the fashionable boarding-house dis
trict, and it was some time before the
guests of the neighboring hotels had
sufficiently composed themselves to
again retire.
While Mrs. George N. Howard was
sitting in her apartments in the "The
Newport," 1018 Pine street, she was
startled by some one endeavoring to
unfasten one of the windows from the
outside. She summoned her husband,
George X. Howard of Shreve & Co.,
from an adjoining room and, upon
raising the blinds, both were startled
to see a fellow on a shed in the rear oj
the house, peering into the rooms occu
pied by Mrs. Green. Howard at once
dispatched his wife to notify Mrs.
Green and then gave the alarm.
E. C. Price of the treasury depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company,
who resides in the house, got a glimpse
of the fellow and fired a shot at him.
but without any known damage. How
ard saw the man jump from the shed
and run up the street.
Special Officer C. S. Mahnke and Pa
trolman Daley were in the vicinity and
hastened to the scene. At the corner
of Jones and Pine streets they met a
fellow perspiring freely and out of
breath. He was placed under arrest
and taken back to the "Newport."
Howard, although unable to positively
identify him, said that he resembled
the man he had seen on the roof. When
taken to the Central Station the pris
oner gave the name of Henry Noon and
stated that he was a sailor on the ship
Lismore, which came over from Oak
land yesterday.
His only explanation of his presence
in the neighborhood in question at such
a late hour was that he»was merely
taking a stroll. His statements were
contradictory and his name was placed
on the detinue book pending an inves
tigation.
Death of Louis Klkus.
Louis Elkus, a well-known citizen,
passed away yesterday at his late
home, 2328 Pacific avenue. Mf. Elkus
was 76 years of age and a native of
(Sermany. He leaves a wife and eight
children, Albert. William H.. Eugene
S.. George W., Edward M.. Louis A.
and Charles de Y. Elkus and Mrs. S.
R. Kahn. The funeral service will be
held at the residence at 10 o'clock to
morrow morning and the interment
will take place at Home of Peace
Cemetery, a special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:40
a. m.
Runaway Girl Arrested.
Nellie Emerson, the 17-year-old
daughter of James Emerson, a ship
carpenter living at 556 Fifty-ninth
street, Oakland, was arrested last
night by Patrolman Pearl in a lodg
ing-house at 137 O'Farrell street and
placed in charge of the matron at the
City Prison. In company of Mabel
Radcliffe, a young woman. Miss Emer
son ran away ; from her home on the
12th -inst. The police were notified
and last evening she was arrested.
BUFFALO. N. T.. Feb. 2B.— Henry L.
Schwartz of Baker & Schwartz, attorneys, iras
shot and probably fatally wounded at his pri
%-ate office In th* Marine Bank building to-day
by H. A. Knowlea of the dry a-ooda firm of
Knowlea A Gardner. Know-lea then blew out
his own trails.
Tokio Says Japan
ese Lost No
Ships.
Admits Failure to
Blockade the
Channel.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 26. — The
Russ thla morning publishes the fol
lowing from Port Arthur, under date
of February 25:
"On the night of February 24 the
Japanese attempted to blockade the
exit from' Port Arthur Bay. In order
to enclose our fleet concentrated with
in. Under convoy of torpedo-boats
and transports the enemy advanced
four freighters. In ballast, at fu!l
speed to the gateway, where It was
intended to sink the latter vessels;
but the maneuver was immediately
observed on the battleship Retvizan,
which was standing in the bay before
the entrance. The Retvizan at once
opened fire and after it the batteries
on the peak and those on the promon
tory took oart. As a result the ships
with whici it was designed to block
ade thfe port were destroyed and their
mission rendered unsuccessful. Ac
cording to a wholly unsupported re
port one Japanese torpedo-boat waa
sunk."
TOGO'S SHIPS XOT DAMAGED.
TQKIO. Feb. 26. — Vice Admiral
Togo's attempt to bottle up the Rus
sian fleet at Port Arthur by sinking
a fleet of stone-laden merchant steam
ers in the mouth of the harbor evi
dently failed, though the venture
caused no loss of life and the vessels
lost were not of great value. Five
ships were prepared by Vice Admiral
Togo for the attempted blockade. Four
are reported to have been sunk, but
the fate of the fifth Is unknown here.
It is presumed that it withdrew with
the other Japanese vessels. The five
vessels were filled with stone.3, so as
to make the obstruction permanent,
and were manned by volunteer mer
chant crews. It was Impossible to se
lect naval officers and sailors on ac
count of their great rivalry to par
ticipate in the daring venture.
Accompanied by four batleships.
nine cruisers and numerous vessels
of the torpedo flotilla, the stone-laden
steamships reached Port Arthur on
Wednesday. While the fleet engaged
the shore batteries the steamships
made a dash for the mouth of the har
bor, directly under the Russian guns.
ALL OF THE CREWS ESCAPE.
Details of the attack have not been
received here, but it is evident that
the Russian fire sank the steamships
before they reached the points plan
ned for their foundering by the Jap
anese. It is said that all of the crews
of the four vessels escaped in boats
and were picked up by Japanese tor
pedo-boat destroyers. The report that
two of the torpedo-boat destroyers
were sunk by the Russians is denied.
The naval department has received
a brief dispatch from the commander
of one of the torpedo-boat destroyers,
saying that no Iive3 and no warships
were lost and that no damage was in
flicted by the Russians. Pending the
receipt of the official report of Vice
Admiral Togo the Navy Department
declines to make any announcement
regarding the affair.
The five merchant vessels which
were prepared for sinking were the
Jinsen Maru of 2331 tons; the Tien
tsin Maru, 2943 tons; the Hokoku
Maru, 2776 tons; the Buyo Maru, 1163
tons, and the Bushiu Maru, 1343 tons.
Each carried five men, two steering
and three firing and running the en
gines.
REPORT THAT JAPAN
WILL CLOSE FRENCH
LEGATION IX SEOUL
LONDON, Feb. 26. — A report
which emanated from St. Petersburg
says that the Japanese Minister at
Seoul has requested the Korean Gov
ernment to hand the French Minister
hi3 passports.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
J1JI The Start
uS?W|||rt In married life is generally
\Ui^?Ss»ifi made on an equal footinj
W^r of health k man wife.
>jW8ag| But how soon, in many
S6£s|§| c^es, the wife loses the
BmBS| start mnd fades in face asd
fjjjjWSM fails in flesh, while her
ilXjSajjr husband grows evexl more
DjfigK? rugged and robust.
jflfflSv There is one chief cause
|1bIJhI * or *bis wifsly failure and
RfjBy that is, the failure of the
BjljSw womanly health. When
f-ftffg there is irregularity or an
£SHw unhealthy drain, inflam-
BMjl nation, ulceration cr
hftflj female weakness, the gen-
yj£f| eral health is soon ua-
Ym Dr. Pierre's Favorite
tc3 Prescription cures wotnan-
ly diseases. It establishes
regularity K dries unhealthy drains, heal*
inflammation and ulceration and coxes
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong and sick women well.
" K little orer a year a %o I wrote to too for
advice." aays Mrs. Elizabeth J. Fisher, cf Diana.
W. Va. "You advised me to use Dr. Pierce'*
FaTorite Prescription and 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery,* which I did. and with the most happy
result. I was troubled with female weakne**
and bearisr-down pains. Had a very bad pain
Dearly atl the time in my left tide, nervousneu
and headache. Was so weak I could hardly
walk across my room. Could not sit up only
just a little while at a time. My husband set
me some of Dr. Pierre's medicine and I be^an
its use. Before I had taken two bottles I w*»
able to help do my work. I used three bottle*
in all and ft cured me. Now I do all my house*
work. It is th: best medicine I erer used."
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
in paper covers, is sent /res on receipt of
31 one-cent stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Address Dr. R. V. Fierce,
x Buffalo. N. Y.
34
SOLDIERS DISMANTLE AND TAKE AWAY
TENTED CITY IN TWENTY ONE MINUTES
Uncle Sam's Cavalry and Artillery Stationed at the Presidio
Make Brilliant Showing at Inspection by Major Wisser in
Spite of Rain, Hail and Hurricane Blasts of Southerly Wind
Uncle Sam's cavalry and field artil
lery stationed at the Presidio made n
great showing yesterday in the annual
Inspection and review with all the odd?
cf tire elements agair.et them.
Despite rain, hail, snow and almost
a hurricane of wind, the full pro
gramme of inspection, in accordance
with army regulations, was carried
out. The golf links was the scene cf
action, and most admirably it served.
Promptly at & o'clock Major John P.
Wisser. the reviewing officer, came on
the field and immediately after the
third squadron of the Ninth Cavalry
and the first, fifth and twenty-fourth
batteries of the field artillery, followed
by th«» hospital corps, came trooping
up i he hill and dashed into the
grounds. Captain Charles A. Bennett
v-as in command of the provisional
battalion of field artillery. Captain
Lester W. Cornish in command of tho
< avaSry, Major William Stepher.son in
< harge of the hospital corps, and Major
John Bipelow Jr. in command of all
troops participating in the review. Th3
troops formed facing north; the cav
alry being at the right and the artil
lery at the left. At the beginning of
the function Major Bigrelow signaled
•attention and the commanders of the
< avairy and artillery gave the order
to the troops to draw sabers. In an
instant the glittering steels sprang
from th^ir scabbards.
At the signal of the commanding of
f'cer the different commanders of the
trocps in review pave the order to pre
sent sabers, and the commander of th-?
force in review faced about and sa
luted the inspecting officer. Major
Wisser.
Then came the command of "platoon
right." At the signal of forward the
troops moved, and after changing di
rection to the left passed by the re
viewing ofllrer on the walk, the field
music cf the troops turning out in
front of the reviewing: officers and
playing while the organizations passed
the reviewing stand. After the troops
had made the third charge they went
into a Eharp trot, the artillery going at
full jrallop around the turns.
The cavalry formed in columns of
troops at full distance on the right,
while the artillery occupied a position
on the sloping hill to the left, where the
troops were minutely inspected. Then
to the observer came the most interest
the feature of the day— camp pitching.
This included unpacking, unsaddling,
rutting down r-icket line, tying horses,
unrolling the packs, buttoning together
the shelter halves and filching the
tents. Great dexterity was shown in
this feature by all the troops. Troop I,
Captain Young, however, won the laurels
by executing the order, complete in
every detail, in thirteen minutes.
The pitching of the officers' tents fol
lowed. They were struck thirty yards
from the flank of the troopers', while
the tents of the field and staff officers
were still thirty yards farther away.
The artillery did not pitch shelter tents,
but instead put up conical wall tents.
The appearance cf the links now rep-
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
A SNOW-STORM
is always the fore-
runner of colds, grippe
and pneumonia. When
the snow is followed
by severe cold the con-
ditions are still worse.
We can say confidently
that no other remedy
so strengthens and
fortifies the body
against these attacks
as Scoft's Emulsion.
Thirty years prove it
SCENES AT THE PRESIDIO YESTERDAY DURING THE ANNUAL. IN
SPECTION AND REVIEW OF THE CAVALRY AND ARTILLERY
STATIONED AT THE POST.
resented a camp as in time of actual
warfare. Fires were brightly burning
in the army camp stoves, troopers were
busily engaged in burnishing up their
arms, the horses were either nibbling
grass or disporting themselves by roll
ing, sentries were pacing up and down
the rank?, while the officers were in
consultation, apparently awaiting the
next order from the commander in
chief. The wind, which up to this time
had been blowing in strong southerly
gusts, now developed almost hurricane
force. Hats were flying in all direc
tions, tents were flapping: and to add to
the general discomfort a fierce, cold
rain, accompanied by sleet, commenced
to fall. Suddenly the bugles sounded
the "general" and all tents came to the
ground simultaneously.
From the last note of the "general"
until the sounding of "prepare to
mount" to "mount" was twenty-one
minutes. During this period tents were
struck, saddles were packed, blanket
rolls made, horses taken off the picket
line and saddled, baggage loaded in
wagons, and all the other little details
that go to dismantling and breaking
up the tempofary homes that only a
BIG FIVE MINING COMPANY
SUIT TAKES A NEW TURN
Colorado Supreme Court, Orders Re-
ceiver to Cease His Efforts to Se
cure Possession of Books.
DENVER, Feb. 25.— The State Su
preme Court to-day took jurisdiction
in the Big Five Mining Company stilt
and ordered Thomas J. Sipple, who
had been appointed as receiver by
District Judse J. I. Mullins, to relin
quish his -efforts to secure possession
of the company's books and property
until further orders of the higher
court. The receiver was appointed on
application of Dr. George A. Suffo of
Boston, who charged extensive frauds
in the administration of the company's
affairs. W. M. P. Daniels, president
of the company, sought a writ of pro
hibition from the Supreme Court, and
to-day Chief Justice Gobbert made a
rule requiring I->r. Suffo -to show cause
within thirty days why such a writ
should not be issued.
"CAVE-INS" DO DAMAGE
IN THE COALr REGIONS
Area of Forty Acres Is AITecUxl and
Many Houses Are Wrecked
and Injured. '-£.\* : - "-
SCRAXTON, Pa.. Feb. 26.— One of th«
most extensive cave-ins that the
northern anthracite coal section has
ever experienced occurred in (West
Scranton to-day. The cave-in affected
an area of about forty acres. When
the first break occurred the residents
became panic-stricken. There are
about 200 houses in the district affect
ed. ' Some are completely wrecked,
others are out of plumb, while nearly
every house is twisted to such- an ex
tent that the doors and windows can
not be opened.
Levins Must Go to the Penitentiary.
ST. PAUL, Feb. 26.— Judge Sanborn
In the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals handed down an opinion to
day which affirms ' the sentence of
Nathan Levins of St. Louis to conflno
ment in the penitentiary for five years
for procuring hundreds of certificates
of naturalization from the St. Louis'
Court of Appeals by. fraud to enable
citizens who^were not entitled to citi
zenship to vote in that city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
few minutes before would have offered
shelter and housing for this army of
nearly a thousand men.
The fury of the gale was now at its
height, and. the rain was descending
in torrents, drenching man and beast
alike.
Orders were given to go to stables
and the cavalry, forming in columns of
four, proceeded to quarters at a trot,
followed at a distance by the artillery.
Assisting Major Wisser in the review
was Colonel Charles Morris. Lieutenant
Beauford R. Camp acted as adjutant
to Captain Cornish. Lieutenant Ed
win L. Cox was In command of
Troop M. Lieutenant John S. Fair was
adjutant to Major BIgelow.
The Twelfth Infantry arrived early
yesterday morning and went into camp
at the entrance to the post. It was
wet and muddy and it cannot be said
that the new arrivals wore especially
pleased with their environments.
The 220 mules that are to be shipped
on the transport DIx will arrive this
morning over the Santa Fe railroad.
They will be kept at the Presidio until
the Dix is ready to receive them. The
DIx is still barbound at Astoria.
ONE KILLED, MANY HURT,
BY FALLING SCAFFOLD
Thirty-Five Men Have Miraculous Es
cape From Death by Accident
In Chicago.
CHICAGO. Feb. 25.— One man was
killed, another was probably fatally
injured and a score of other work
men were barely saved. from being
crushed beneath a large scaffold which
collapsed this afternoon in the center
of the new Postofflce building. The
scaffold was built from the main floor
of the building directly beneath its
dome to the tenth floor, a distance of
161 feet. Thirty-five men were work
ing about the dome at the time of the
accident, and for a time it was
thought nearly half this number had
been killed by the falling timber, but
all escaped with the exception of two
plasterers, James Byron and Barney
McBrlde, who were standing on the
portion of the scaffold when, it gave
way. Byron fell to the main floor of
the building and was instantly killed.
McBride, who was working with By
ron, also fell with the scaffolding, but
he caught one of the floors as he fell
and thus saved his life, although he
was severely injured.
Strike on Account of Cut In Wages.
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 26.—Seventy
five craters and hangers employed by
the Parry Manufacturing Company, at
the head of which is D. M. Parry,
president of the National Manufactur
ers' Association and the National In
dustrial Association of America, struck
to-day on account of a cut in wages.
All the strikers are . non-union men.
They were paid oft and discharged.
The men say they have been cut from
72 to 57 cents per piece since October
and struck against an additional re
duction of 2 cents to-day.
Congressman Reeder is Rciiominuted.
BELOIT. Kana.. Feb. 26.—Congress
man William A. Reeder was renom-
Inatt-d to-day by the Republicans of
the Sixth District. Resolutions Indors
ing President Roosevelt were adopted.
Lines From the Log Book of the Cal
. . . ifornla Limited.
"The Santa Fe Company knows how.
That's all."— Byron E. Veatch. Chicago. •
SPRING TRADE
IS BACKWARD
Business Proceeding on Con
servative Basis So That a
Setback May Be Avoided
VIOLENT FLUCTUATIONS
Prices of Leading Commodi
ties Indicate a Situation
That Is Due to Speculation
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— R. G. Dun's
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow
will say:
In addition to the interruption of a
holiday trade and transportation, in
dustries have again suffered because
of severe weather and much outdoor
work was forced to await more favor
able conditions. Development of spring
trade is naturally slow, but this may
be fully made up as the season I ad
vances. Business- proceeds on a con;
servative basis that promises immunity
from the excesses that precipitated the
recent setback. Manufacturing plants
are gradually restoring idle machinery
and there is more disposition to antici
pate future requirement. Staple com
modities are still inflated by war news
and manipulations, making it ex
tremely difficult to ascertain the actual
legitimate situation.
Aside from some special pressure to
sell foundry iron in order to meet pay
ments the market is steadily expand
ing.
Violent fluctuations have continu-d
in the great staples, legitimate influ
ences being supplemented by manipu
lation and realizing sales precipitating
reactions. Wide changes from day to
day in the leading commodities indi
cate an unwholesome and undesirable
situation that is due to speculation and
that is calculated to check or divert
consumptive demand. Wheat led the
advance and was closely followed by
the minor cereals, but flour was less
erratic and as a result exports were
mainly confined to the latter.
Failures this waek numbered 240 in
the United States against 211 last year,
and twenty-two In Canada, compared
with twenty-eight a year ago.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— Bradstreet's
this week says: Spring trade Is assert
ing itself despite abnormally cold
weather, heavy snows or* congested
transportation facilities In widely sepa
rated sections. Where weather condi
tions have been favorable, as from the
South, distributive trade has been good.
Buying Js generally classed as conser
vative. Manufacturing industry shows
some enlargement of activity, especial
ly in glassmaking and iron and steel,
the production of pig iron being nearly
double that of two months ago.
Failures are few in number for this
season of the year, considering the be
lated spring season. It is still too early
to report upon the winter wheat situa
tion, but advices so far are encouraging
in the Southwest, absence of snow cov
ering or lack of moisture being reported
in Missouri, Oklahoma and Kansas.
New record prices for the year and
the highest, in fact, since May, 18S8,
were reached In wheat this week. Flour
prices reflect the strength, and corn
and oats have sympathized, as have
also nearly all kinds of products except
eggs, which have broken sharply, the
advance in pork being to the highest
point. The Eastern war also affects
products, such as tea and camphor,
which are closely connected with the
scene of hostilities. .
On the Pacific Coast San Francisco
reports increased orders for hardware
and groceries. Salt Lake City reports
Improved trade and mining Interests
buying machinery freely.
War talk is still an influence tending
to strengthen food products, but to de
press raw cotton. Collections are still
unsatisfactory at most Northern mar
kets. Railway earnings are not as en
couraging as in the past, owing partly
to the congestion growing out of block
aded shipments, but partly to cutting
of grain freight rates. '
POLICE SEARCHING FOR
MAN WHO STRUCK KELLEY
Victim of Assault In San Jose Is Re-
covering, but >t lie Mystery Is
Unsolved.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 26.— The mystery
attending the fracturing of the skull
of James Kelley in his own home on
February 16 last is baffling the police
department. Although Kelley had
been at death's door for the last ten
days, it was only yesterday that the
matter was reported to the police. The
Injured man is now at St. Luke's Hos
pital. About 10 o'clock on the night
of February 16 Kelley was standing
In a doorway in his home talking to
members of his family. Suddenly he
was struck a stunning blow by some
one who crept up behind him. He
was felled to the floor and put to
bed, and the next morning It was
found " that his skull was fractured.
At the hospital It was found that the
fractured portion of the skull was
resting on the brain and trepanning
was necessary. Kelley is now out of
danger, but he can jrive no Informa
tion as to who his assailant was.
Forbes.. Will Accept the Appointment.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 26. — Governor
Wright has cabled from Manila that
the Philippine Commission will be able
to arrange its business so as to permit
Cameron Forbes to . delay his coming
to the islands for three or four months.
As this will enable Forbes to wind up
his business here, he will accept the ap
pointment on the commission.
Trunks and Valises.
Everything that is good and new and
moderate in price in trunks, valises,
dress suit cases, traveling sets, now In
stock. Lettered In gold free of charge.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
FREE, FREE
TO ;7A - . T ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE GLOW NIGHT LAMP,
! A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for bedrooms, sick
chambers, halls, nurseries, bath-
rooms, staircases, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD. IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
SUPERVISORS CONSIDER NEW
RATES FOR GAS AND WATER
Russell L. Dunn, the Specially Employed Engineer, Is
Unable to Make an Estimate of Value of Spring Valley
Water Company's Plant and Is Given Further Time
The Supervisors, sitting yesterday as
a committee of the whole, continued
the investigation as to the value of
the plants of the Spring Valley Water
Company and the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. Manager Law
less of the gas company was the only
witness examined in the gas investi
gation, and he made an excellent wit
[ ness for the company.
,He had figures and statistics to burn
; when they would brighten things for
i his company. His testimony as well
as being statistical was to a great ex
tent argumentative and was aimed to
impress upon the minds of the Super
visors that the gas company has more
troubles than could be tc-ld to the en
tire police force and is furnishing both
gas and electricity at a reasonable fig
ure. -
The afternoon session of the board
was wholly occupied with hearing the
t.stimony or failure to give testimony
of Russell L. Dunn, who was employed
as an expert to assist City Engineer
Grunsky in placing a valuation on the
plant of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany. Dunn did very little to en
lighten the members of the board, but
promised he would do better next time.
When placed on the stand he read
a long list of the comparative values
of units of Spring Valley property ac
cording to the estimates made in pre
vious years and figured on the de
terioration in their value during a pe
riod of ten years.
This did not serve to enlighten the
members of the board, however, who
were anxious to get a valuation of the
property as it stands to-aay, but it
precipitated an argument which for a
time was very warm.
Dunn explained that it was difficult
for him to arrive at a valuation of the
property, as all listed in Schussler's
report is not at present in use, and he
had been unable to segregate the items.
Supervisor Braunhart then asked the
direct question: "What is your valua
tion of the property?" "It is impos
sible for me to state, as there is no evi
dence of the cost," was the reply.
' "But you were employed to make an
estimate of the value?"
"I am not able to make one."
"Then you have not done the work
you were employed by the city to do,"
retorted Braunhart, with some warmth.
Supervisors Comte and Brandenstein
then took a hand in the questioning
and finally induced the witness to make
a rough estimate of the value of the
plant. He said the best he could do
was to guess within 53,000,000 of the
actual value, and on that basis he
would judge the property was worth
from $19,000,000 to $25,000,000. Allowing
a $3,000,000 margin on this either way
for bad guessing, the Supervisors con
sider that he allowed them a reason
able latitude.
After, a rig-id cross-questioning, in
which if. developed that Dunn either
knew nothing of the value of the prop
erty in question or was unwilling to tell
if he did, he agreed to file a statement
with the committee Monday morning
provided he is furnished with certain
information. He was informed that the
data he desired was on file and at his
disposal during the entire period cov
ered by the Investigation.
It was the opinion of the witness that
if meters were installed in all places
where water is served the public would
be better satisfied. He had not figured
on the cost of installing some 90,000
meters at an average cost of $15 each.
The witness was finally dismissed after
promising to furnish the board with a
written statement Monday morning.
Prior to the testimony of Dunn an
Itemized statement was filed showing
the location of various pieces of prop
erty, their value as estimated by the
company and the taxes paid thereon.
According to this statement the com
pany is at present paying annually
about $150 taxes on property not in use.
This Indicates that the idle property Is
worth only $.15,000.
ESTIMATE IS UNFAIR.
Manager Lawless Claims the .Gas
Company Is Unjustly Criticized.
Manager Lawless of the San Francis
co Gas and Electric Company again oc
cupied the stand at yesterday's session
by the Board of Supervisors, which is
proceeding to fix gas rates for the year.
The questioning was carried on chiefly
by Brandenstein and Braunhart, who
presented the witness with a compara
tive table showing the cost 'of manufac
ture of gas by the Equitable Company
and the figures presented by the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
as to the cost of manufacturing and
distributing the product.
The figures showed a vast difference,
which Manager Lawless proceeded to
explain away by saying that the figures
were unfair. Those of the Equitable
Company, he said, were taken for the
month of January when the consump
tion of gas is greatest and were placed
against an average figure for the entire
year by his company. He also pointed
out that the Equitable Company sold
gas only in the heart of the city while
his company's service pipes extended
for miles into thinly populated districts
where the consumption of gas Is very
light.
"According to these figures," he said,
"the Equitable Company, with nfneteen
miles of pipe, sold one-fourth of all the
gas consumed in the city, although the
total mileage Is 527." The Equitable
Company also, he said, made no .esti
mate for depreciation in value of its
plant, and as the customers were close
together the distributing expenses were
.materially lessened.
A large portion of, the morning was
occupied in collecting data regarding
the cost of producing and distributing
electricity. Manager Lawless testi
fied that the company is '"unable to
manufacture sufficient current and
annually purchases a quantity from
the Standard Company. He admitted
that his concern can purchase cur
rent from the Standard ' Company
cheaper than it can manufacture it,
but the Standard's supply, is* uncertain.
It is transmitted over" 150 miles of
wire and an accident at any .time
might cut off the supply entirely. For
this reason large investments have
been made In new machinery In order
that the local concern may be able
to supply all demands without asking
outside aid.
He presented a mass of figures
showing: the cost of producing cur
rent, including among the items inter
est on the company's bonds and insur
ance. Brandenstein objected to these
items being included in cost of pro
duction and was backed up by Braun
hart. who argued that the interest on
money borrowed to start a manufac
turing plant was not a portion of the
cost of producing the article, but
should go to the profit and loss ac
count.
"Very well," replied the witness
smilingly, "in the future we will
charge it up under a different name,
but it must be there Just the same, as
it is a portion of our expenses."
The committee has taken the evi
dence presented under consideration
and expects to be able to present an
ordinance at the meeting of the board
Monday afternoon.
PRAISE FOR GRUNSKY.
Supervisors Adopt Resolutions of Re
gret at Losing City Engineer.
At the close of the gas investigation
yesterday morning the following res
olution, presented by Braunhart and
seconded by Boxton. was unanimously
adopted under suspension of rules:
Whereas. Thin board has learned that h!»
Excellency the President of the Untted State*
has conferred distinction upen one of cur
trusted and esteemed city officials. C. E.
Grunsky. City Engineer, by designating him
as one of the members of the Board of Panama
Commissioners, charged with important duties
in connection with the construction of the pro
posed interocean canal; therefore, be it
Resolved. By the Board of Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco that in
the (election of Mr. Grunsky a* above stated
the President has acted with wise discretion
and has by his act secured for the Government
of th« United States the services of one in
every way qualified to discharge the responsi
ble duties connected with the posttion named,
and we express our belief that he will dis
charge such duties with the same ability, zeal
and Integrity that have marked his course in
every station that be has occupied In the past;
also, be it
Resolved. That this board expresses Its sin.
cere regret that the city and county will be
compelled to relinquish its claims for his fu
ture valuable services and that it is with ex
treme reluctance that we yield a discontinu
ance thereof, yet at the same tim« we heartily
congratulate him upon the recognition which
his merit and fidelity have won. by his ad
vancement to a position of increased respensi
btlity, emoluments and honor.
BELL'S AMENDMENT IS
INDORSED AT VALLEJO
People Jubilant at Prospect of Build
ins a Collier at the Marc
Island Yards.
VALLEJO. Feb. 26. — The announce
ment that Congressman Theodore A.
Bell has had the naval appropriation
bill so amended as to provide that one
naval collier to cost $1,250,000 shall
be built In a navy yard is received
with much gratification by Mare Isl
and officials and workmen. Senator
Perkins has been requested to amend
the bill in the Senate so as to provide
for the construction of two colliers,
one in an Eastern and the other in a
Pacific Coast navy yard. This would
supply much , employment for our
coast workmen. Admiral McCalla.
commandant of Mare Island; Con
structor Zahm and the other heads of
departments at the navy yard here say
that Mare Island is already well equip
ped to undertake the construction of
a big collier and would be pleased to
receive orders to begin work. The
record Mare Island made last year in
converting the transport Grant into a
deep sea dredger placed its score for
efficiency and economy upon a high
plane.
Steamboat Hand Crushed to Death.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26. — A young
man named John Hill, whose home is
in San Franc isccf^and who had been
employed on the river steamer
Apache, was crushed to death this
morning at the landng in this city
while assisting in the unloading of
some iron pipes. When a stake was
removed the pipes rolled down upon
Hill and crushed out his life.
Martial Law In Force at TeUurlde.
DENVER, Colo., Feb. 26.— It was an
nounced to-day that martial law at
Telluride will be continued indefinitely.
Governor Peabody had prepared an or
der abrogating martial law there, but
it has been cancelled owing to the
threats of exiled strikers to return to
that camo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fej has a fine aromatic odor because it's made of thcchoicest fj
E materials that can be had — it cures because it's made of the i
B right material. Just smell one, that's all you have to do to |
B compare it with all other plasters. Your sense of smell |j
B will tell you which is best. - Vj
OJ . REMEMBER-^toi'i Hatter* are good for mil pains and aches. They have y
Ijs been in use 55 years, have been imitated more than any article ever sold and have cads H
Ib more cares than any other external remedy. They are guaranteed rot to contain bri'a- £
|H donna, optmn or any poison whatever. They are made of healing, vegetable g-ams which 0
Kfl soothe, strengthen and cure. J\
SALE OF SALT
SHOCKS COURT
Justice Levintritt Will Not
Accept the Deal of the
National Company's Plants
CRITICIS3I IS CAUSTIC
Magistrate Holds That Prop
erty Should Be Kesold
and Injunction Is Denied
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— In the Su
preme Court to-day Justice Levintritt
refused to confirm the sale of the Na
tional Salt Company's six plants in this
State in September last to the Inter
national Salt Company for $337,500. de
claring that "the terms of the sale and
the manner of their procurement, the
method of the sale and the manner of
bidding, the gross and patent inade
quacy of the price realized combined
to shock the conscience of the court,
precluding any affirmative act of ap
proval on its part."
He held that the plants should be
resold and refused to continue an in
junction asked for my minority stock
holders, restraining the sale -and de
manding damages on the ground of al
leged wrongful acts of the directors ot
the National Salt Company.
CHICAGO INSTITUTIONS
NAMED AS BENFIFICIARIES
Thomas D. Lowther Leaves Will Di
recting That Bulk of Fortune Be
Devoted to Education.
CHICAGO. Feb. 26.— "I return , to
Chicago all that I hav«» derived from
Chicago, and in doing so am glad to
be able to recognize the obligation that
rests upon all good citizens voluntar
ily to contribute according to their
means toward the moral education of
the people, which is most needed and
Is not provided for through our taxa
tion and public schools."
In this language the will of Thomas
D. Lowther, as filed for probate, dis
tributes an estate of 53CO.00O among
Chicago Institutions and individuals.
Lowther, whose fortune was made
in the real estate business, died a
bachelor and had few immediate rela
tives.
BOY IS SHOT AVHILE
PLAYING WITH PISTOL
Snn Jose Lnds Scuffle for Loaded
Weapon and It Is Discharged
With Serious Result.
PAN JOSE. Feb. 26. — While playing
with a revolver Morris Rutan. a
6-year-old boy, was accidentally shot
and perhaps fatally by his brother
George, two years his senior. The
boys had found a 38-caliber revolver
hid away between the mattresses of a
bed. George had found the revolver
and the two boys were scrambling for
possession of it. The bullet entered
the boy's forehead and is imbedded in
the brain. The lad was resting easy
this evening, but the chances are
against his recovery. It will be im
possible to remove the bullet. The
injured boy is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
George R. Rutan of 336 North Ninth
street.
DECISION IN FAVOR OF
AMALGAMATED COMPAXY
John MacGlnnlss of Montana Loses
His Fight to Secure an
Injunction.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— Justice Gil
dersleeve. in the Supreme Court to
day, denied the application of John
MacGInnls to have continued the ex
parte Injunction he recently obtained
enjoining the Boston and Montana
Copper Mining Company and the Par
rott and Anaconda Company from pay
ing money for dividends to the Amal
gamated Copper Company and at the
same time he vacated the injunction.
In vacating the injunction Justice
Gilder sleeve said:
"There is no allegation of the Insol
vency of any of the defendant compa
nies and it Is clear that they are all
able to respond to any Judgment that
might be recovered against them."
Fifty-nine per cent of deaths from
consumption are people under forty
five fears of age. 29 per cent from
forty-five to sixty, and 12 per cent
of people over sixty.LEVEES YIELD TO THE FLOOD
AND PROPERTY IS DESTROYED
Continued From Page 1, Column J.
Miner Channel has about three feet be
tween it and the bridges. Stockton
Channel appears to be about station
ary, and the two smaller streams are
running slow and sluggish. The full ef
fect of the rain now falling will not be
felt here till to-morrow. Much will de
pend on the amount of water sent down
from the foothills. It is warm to-night,
and the melting weather may reach the
enow line.
The Mokelumne River overflowed its
1'anksTiear Woodbridge last night and
the Hood ran through the streets of that
town about six inches deep. The levee
on the Mokelumne River broke at sev
eral places west of Woodbridge early
this morning. A seventy-five foot break
occurred on the Dave Ray place, and
about a half-mile of the levee gave way
on the Devries place.
The Ray, Devries, canal farm of the
Sargent estate. J. C. Thompson. Tubbs.
Kile end Kile-Folg?er places were flood
ed—in all about 7000 acres. The greater
rart of the flooded land was planted to
grain. If the crop Is destroyed the land
can be planted to beans and potatoes
later and its use not lost for the year.
The pocket section, near Taison and
Kewhope, did not flood. The Mokelumne
River reached a higher point than it
has attained for ten years, and it is
now higher then It was at any time
last year.
FEATHER RIVER RECEDING.
Country XortJi of Marjsrille Is One
Vast Sea of Water.
JIARYSVILLE, Feb. 26. —The flood
situation remains unchanged to-night.
Rain has fallen heavily all day, with
prospects for further precipitation dur
ing the night. While the flow of water
in the Yuba has receded during the past
twenty-four hours it still clings to the
high water mark, nineteen feet, and
it is reported from the Government
barriers, thirteen miles up the river, to
be rising again. The rise is due, no
doubt, to the heavy rainfall in the
mountains to-day.
The Feather River has receded but
little and the country to the north is
one- vast sea of water. The Sutter
County levee has withstood the great
strain, but some cross embankments
holding back the overflow have given
way, flooding a great deal of valuable
land between Yuba City and Knights
Landing, near Tudor. The Knights
Landing railroad was washed out and
the rails were under water for several
miles. One thing in favor of the levee
is the absence of wind. Hundreds of
men are watching the great dykes and
the residents of this city feel perfectly
secure. Train service from the south
was resumed this evening, the wash
out between here and Reed Station
having been repaired. The San Fran
cifco mail from the north arrived this
morning; also belated passengers
coming by way of Tehama.
A heavy flow is running through the
break in the levee on the south of the
Yuba and the country for miles around
is under water. Much damage to grow
ing crops will result if the current is
very Pivift and cutting. Travel by teams
from this point is entirely suspended.
Five feet of water covers the Fifth
street grade leading to Yuba City, and
the street cars have given way to boats.
The Oroville branch of the railroad line
is covered by eight feet of water for
miles along the Feather River. The flood
■water has broken all records and the
people are rejoicing over the way the
city levee system has withstood the
pressure. No alarm is now felt.
The rainfall for the season is about
Fixteen inches and, outside of the dam
age by flood water, has been very bene
ficial. Reports from Biggs and Gridley
say that water is still running through
the towns.
AMERICAN RIVER RISES.
Heavy Rainfall in the Mountains
Causes tlic Stream to Boom.
COLFAX, Feb. 26. — What has
proven to be the heaviest storm in re
cent years has continued without cas
sation for four days. The rain ceased
for a short time early this morning,
but it soon began to fall again and ac
companied by a heavy gale continued
nil day.' All the streams are running
bank full. The American River, which
-was reported falling yesterday even
ing, is again very high. It is reported
by a man who is watching the bridge
on the Iowa Hill road to be twenty
feet above low water. The weather
observer here reports the" rainfall for
the last thirteen hours to be one and
a half inches. This br^jgs the total
rainfall for the seasof^to 44.43 as
compared with 31.13 at this time last
year. Rain has been fallhig at all
points between here and Truckee. Re
ports just received are to the effect
that the rain has turned to heavy*
snow east of Emigrant Gap. All the
westbound trains are delayed by the
storm. Many small slides create de T
lays. Rain on the snow has greatly
increased the weight on the snow
sheds. Nor new breaks are reported.
HIGH WATER AT COLUSA.
Sacramento River Is RLsine and
Levees Arc Beins Patrolled.
- COLUSA, Feb. 26.— The Sacramento
River at this point continues to rise
and as heavy rains are reported to-day
up north and on the Stony Creek
watersheds there is no telling what will
be the outcome. The entire east side
of the river from within a few feet of
the approach of fhe Colusa free draw
bridge is under from two to seventeen
feet of water and for miles up and
down the river Ftock is being fed on
the levee tops. As yet no loss of stock
is reported. The river this evening reg
isters twenty-seven feet eight inches,
which is within one inch of the high
est ' mark ever registered here. A
new mark will surely be maCe before
to-morrow morning. If it were not for
the Moul'on break a few miles above
town on the east side, where it is esti
mated at least one-quarter of the flood
waters are now pouring out, the water
here would be running over the tops
of the levees along the Colusa side.
The entire water front at Colusa can
stand about two feet more. It Is b2
lieved th-t the levees will hold out,
although several bad holes were dis
covered this afternoon. They were
«ni«-viv repaired. The entire river
front, will be patrolled from now until
the water begins to recede.
At Butte City, about twenty miles
north of Colusa, John Eichman, one
of the best known citizens of that town,
lost his life in the flood. In company
with Minister Williams and John Mc-
Reynolds he started out Thursday i in
a boat for a hunt. While rowing down
what before the floods was the county
road they ran into a swift current
which swamped their boat and they
were thrown into the water. Williams
and McReynolds succeeded in reaching
shore, but Eichman was carried down
stream by the rushing waters. He was
seen to grasp the limb of a tree, pull
himself partly out of the water and
to cry for help, but before assistance
could reach him his strength failed
and he sank from sight. The body has
not been and likely never will be re
covered. He leaves a wife and child.
LITTLE DA3IAGE IX TEHAMA.
Heavy Rain in Mountains Likely to
Cause Rise in the River.
RED BLUFF. Feb. 26. — The dam
age from high water in Tehama
County is comparatively light. Red
Bluff is situated fifty feet above river
level and Is in no danger of a flood.
There was a heavy rainfall last night
and to-day, but the Sacramento River
fell slowly and stood at eighteen feet
at dusk this evening, compared with
twenty-eight feet three inches ten
days ago. It is raininrj heavily in the
mountains and the next twenty-four
hours may see a decided change in
the river. Antelope Valley east of
here was cut off except by communi
cation by boat, for several days until
this afternoon owing to high water
In the slough east of the Sacramento
bridge. Tehama County has about
twenty steel bridges across its streams,
but none of these has been damaged
seriously except the approaches. Pitts
& Sons of Bloody Island lost nineteen
head of cattle and one to two hundred
hogs by the recent flood. The cattle
and sheep on the Cone ranch pas
tured on islands in the Sacramento
River were moved to high ground be
fore the hinh water came.
United States Weather Observer
Maurice Connell has been very active
in issuing warnings of approaching
high water, thus enabling the farm
ers to move their stock out of dan
ger, and as far south as Colusa his
warnings have been most timely and
highly appreciated. The rainfall for
this season to date is about equal to
that at the same time, last season.
Grass is gTowingr rapidly and the out
look for cattle, sheep and hogs is most
promising.
Landsllde Near Gnerneville.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 26. — As a re
sult of the storm the streams in this
vicinity are all running full and con
siderable damage is reported to cul
verts and small bridges. A landslide
on the California Northwestern road
near Guerneville to-day blocked traf
fic on the Guerneville branch. -
Strong Wind Accompanies Rain.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 26.— The rain
storm throughout Marin County to
day was attended by a strong wind.
The precipitation for the storm is .70
'of an inch; for the season, 29. SI,
against 26.70 up to this time last year.
Most all of the . rain this season has
come this month. As a result many
acres of land are inundated. It is
still raining.
Damage Is Feared in Solano County.
VALLEJO, Feb. 26. — This section
was visited to-day by one of the heav
iest rainstorms of the season, which
set in at noon. A continuance of the
downpour is certain to do damage.
The rainfall for the season approxi
mates twelve inches.
Sherman Island May Be Flooded,
ANTIOCH, Feb. 26. — There is great
apprehension felt for the safety of the
levees on Sherman Island owing to
the high water and the fact that the
dredger Sierra is now out of commis
sion. It is estimated that it will cost
$4000 to raise the dredger from the
river bottom.
Raining in Santa Clara Valley.
SAN JOS'E. Feb. 26. — Rain began fall
ing shortly after 3 o'clock this after
noon and there was a heavy downpour
until 7 o'clock to-night. Forty-one
hundredths of an inch fell in that
time. During the month of February
3.15 inches of rain has fallen, mak
ing a total of 6.78 for the season. To
this date last year there was 10.13
inches. It is cloudy and threatening
to-night and it Is. believed the storm
will continue. Everybody is rejoicing
and good crops for Santa Clara Coun
ty are assured.
Rain Falling at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 26. — Rain be
gan falling here this evening and
there is every indication that it will
continue all night.
Plenty of Rain at Holllster.
HOLLISTER, Feb. 26.— Heavy rain
began falling here to-day at 5 p. m.
and indications are that it will rain all
night. It has been raining off and on
for a week.
J •
Salinas Is Getting a .Wetting.
SALINAS. Feb. 26. — Rain com
menced falling here at 7:30 o'clock to
night and is accompanied by a light
southeast wind. The prospects are
good for a steady fall all night. The
southern part of the county has had
no rain during the present storm. The
rain of the early part of the week
averaged about half an inch for most
points in the Salinas Valley. A mod
erate rain with continued warm wea
ther gives good prospects for the sea
son.
San Diego Is Still Praying for Rain.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 26.— The rain
which visited the northern part of the
State did not reach San Diego and this
latitude is still wanting it. The pre
diction is for possible showers, but
present indications do not bear out the
predictions. Rain is badly needed by
ranchers and almost every one else.
Rain Is Expected at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 26.— With the
exception of a slight "shower this
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALU- SATURDAY, -FEBRUARY -27. ,1904.
WIFE'S WEALTH
IS SQUANDERED
Countess Marie de Penalosa
Is Granted , Divorce in the
Circuit Court at St. Louis
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGES
American Heiress, Who Mar
ried a Title, Soon Grows
Weary of ftoyal Husband
w /
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 26.— Countess Marie
de Penalosa was granted a divorce
here to-day in the Circuit Court from
Count'Henri de Penalosa. In her peti
tion the Countess, who is a St. Louis
heiress, charged that the Count had
spent her fortune and had paid at
tentions to other women. One witness,
Miss Christine Mena, testified that
while he was still married to his pres
ent wife, the Count had proposed mar
riage to her. The witness testified that
the Count, when charged with v being
married, admitted as much, but said
he expected to secure a divorce shortly.
morning, which was not sufficient to
lay the. dust, Los Angeles has received
no part of the general rainstorm
which "has been sweeping down the
coast. At midnight, however, the. sky
was heavily overcast and there was
every indication that rain would fall
before daylight. The wind is in the
right quarter to bring rain, and rain
is predicted' by the local branch of the
Weather Bureau.
The rainfall to date , has been less
than three inches as compared with
nearly fifteen inches on the corre
sponding date last year.
• STREETS ARE FLOODED.
Homes in the Mission Arc Inundated
— Much Damngc Done.
Rain and wind swept the streets of
San Francisco yesterday afternoon,
making it the ■worst day pedestrians
have seen this winter. The rainfall was
only half an inch, but what the water
lacked in volume was more than made
up by the velocity with which the
storm drove it under umbrellas and
into faces. In some parts of the city
the streets were flooded, street cars
stopped, cellars overflowed and damage
amounting to many thousands of dol
lars was done.
The worst sufferers from the torrent
were the residents of the Mission. Along
Folsom street, between Fourteenth and
Nineteenth, and extending a block east
and west the land is low, and the
sewers, long neglected by the Board of
Public Works, proved wholly unequal
to the task of carrying off even so
small a flood. AH along Folsom street,
in the section named, the manhole-caps
were thrown off by trie force of the
water, and streams shot six or eight
feet into the air.
The women and children living in
John Center's four one-story cottages,
on the west side of Folsom street, be
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth, were
parried out of their homes on the backs
of employes of th% Works Board. The
ground here is low, and the cottages
were surrounded by several feet of
water, which^rose indoors high enough
to put out the fires in kitchen stoves.
Farther west, at Fifteenth and Shot
well streets, the thorqughfare was
flooded two feet deep, and every cellar
for blocks was full of water. On Folsom
street, owing to the depth of water,
it was necessary 'for the street railway
company to provide planks on which
passengers might pass from the side
walks to the cars and vice versa. * At
last, however, the water became so deep
as to interfere with the electric power
and the cars were stopped altogether"
for several hours.
DAMAGED BY
• The Enterprise Brewing Company, at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets, suffered
perhaps the greatest damage by the
flood. Its "entire premises were over
flowed and much damage was done to
its plant, including a valuable set, of
scales which, it is believed, were ruined
by the water and mud that rushed in
from the. street.
Down at the Seventeenth-street police
station, which was an island In the
midst of a lake, the officers in going
and coming had to be hauled in a patrol
wagon to and from their headquarters.
Many and loud were the complaints
of Mission residents against the Board
of Public Works, because of the sewers
blocked with filth, no attempt to re
move which having been made in
weeks. Hundreds of overflowed cellars
are the result of this 'neglect on the
part of the board, and Ios3 of property
with unlimited possibilities of sickness
will be charged to the same cause.
Among the heaviest losers are the
owners of saloons and corner groceries
in the flooded district. One of the suf
ferers, Henry Kleen, a grocer at Six
teenth and Folsom streets, said last
night:
I have repeatedly called the attention of
the Board of Public Works to the fact that
tns Folsom-street sewer at this point is filled
with dirt I have no doubt there is ten feet
of solid earth In the manhole outside my
house. The. resujt of the board's failure to
d.-> anything in answer to my complaints -was
seen to-day. The water from the higher ground
south of ub rushed down in the sewers, blew
the caps off the manholes and ehot high Into
the air. The surface water from-the nelgh
borine section of course could not find an
escape through the sewers and hence we
were flooded several- feet deep. _ The water
from the street poured through the cellar grat
ings and filled every basement In the vicinity.
If the eewers had been properly cleaned at
reasonable intervals there would have been
no trouble whatever from such a compara
tively slight rainfall as we had. to-day.
' The submerged streets remained
flooded* for several hours after the rain
stopped, but by midnight they were,
with few exceptions, free from any
large amount of standing water. The
cellars will require some days, however,
to empty of their foul contents, and in
many cases this will have to be done
by pumping them out by hand.
The rush of water and mud was so
great at the corner of Union and Baker
streets, down the hill, that it threw
the wire cable of the street railway off
from three of the pulleys and stopped
cars for an hour. The conduit had to
be ooened for a long distance and the
solid mass <SI mud dug out. This 5s
said 'to,'. be. the first time such a thing
has happened in the city.
DETAILS OF THE STORM.
Yesterday's storm was extensive and
of unusual severity. Tlie rainfall was
nothing extraordinary, but the wind
was \extremely violent at widely sep-
MINES NOW HAVE ENOUGH
WATER FOR THE SEASON
If Labor Troubles Can Be Settled the .Outlook Is. Good for
a Long Run, as Snow Is Banked Up in the Mountains
Sufficiently Deep to' Insure Uninterrupted Operations
Unless something that is not now
foreseen should happen the outlook for
a good mining season in California is
excellent. There is no longer any ques-^
tion concerning an ample "water supply
to keep the mines of all sorts running
for many months. At present there is
too much water and some mines have
been compelled to suspend temporarily.
The snow is a guarantee of a long sea
son if the winter weather holds and the
snow does not melt too suddenly. The
streams in Siskiyou County have been
higher within the last week than at any
time since 1861. , • .
• In all directions there is enough water
stored up in snow to be a cause of good
cheer to the miners. Operations on
gravel claims in ffevada County have
been discontinued in some localities
while the waters are at flood. The An
gels Record says 1 that there has not
been in many years a snowfall equal to
that of the last few days in the north
ern part ofthe Sierra watershed. Mines
and electric power companies alike will
be the beneficiaries. More than seven
inches of snow fell in one storm. The
snow does not reach as low as it has in
some earlier years, but it is heavier in
the higher altitudes, and this" is the
ideal condition.
CAUSES FOR STOPPING.
Two California mines have recently
been closed on account of labor trou
bles. One is the Midas mine In Shasta
County and the other is 'the "Rawhide
in Tuolumne County. The localpapers
give accounts of the causes that have
led up to the suspension. The Redding
Free Press* says that notice has been
posted that the Midas has been closed
indefinitely. A brief account of the hap
pening has been contained in telegraph
ic dispatches. The Free Press tells the
story as follows: ;
' Union miners appeared before Mr. Mclntosh
and asked the management to discharge a ma
chinist who was employed last week.
This machinist, according to the claims of
the union men employed at the Midas, had
"scablxd" at the Gladstone and at Iron Moun
tain on the occasion of the labcr troubles at
these places. This machinist was formerly
employed at the Gladstone, whlchtis under the
eame management as the Midas. Last week
he went to' Harrison {Gulch and was given
work by Superintendent Oswald at machinist
on the pumps nnd machines.
Thursday night about forty of the miners
got tog-ether and began ' trouble. They said
they had received word from French Gulch to
the effect that the machinist had "scabbed"
at Iron Mountain and the Gladstone. They In
sulted him and ordered him to leave the camp.
The machinist went down and stayed with Mr.
Mclntosh that night and Friday morning was
put to work as usual.
Not a word further was said to him, but at
noon Friday the day shift refused io go to
wcrk unless the machinist was "fired," and
they demanded that he be discharged. - This
demand was promptly, refused by Mr. Mcln
tosh who gave out the statement that those
not wishing to work could get their time. "No
conclusion was reached and accordingly Mr.
Mclntosh ended the matter by posting the no
tice.'
The machinist who caused the trouble can
not be termed a "scab" In connection with his
work at the Gladstone and Iron Mountain.
There was no strike among the machinists at
either place — not even a sympathetic strike.
The trouble at both places was among the
miners. . . . :
The Midas people hav» been anticipating
trouble for some time. There have been In the
camp disturbers who h»v« on several occasions
tried to make trouble for the company. ■ Not
long ago there was a walkout on account of
an alleged insufficiency of food. That matter
quieted down and when the lockout of Friday
4 . : *
arated points. The rivers in the north
ern part of California were all rising
rapidly last night. The maximum flow
will be attained to-day, according to
the '"weather bureau officials.
The storm extended over Washington,
Idaho, Oregon, Nevada, Utah and the
northern part of this State. The wind
velocity -was sixty miles an hour at
the mouth of the Columbia River, sixty
at Point Reyes, thirty in the Sacra
mento River Valley, thirty-eight In
Utah, fifty in Nevada and twenty-six
in Idaho.
"So much wind for one storm is re
markable," says Professor McAdte.
"There is jsome chance, that Southern
California will see wet weather to-day,
and the central.and northern sections
of the State are sure of showers. The
rainfall for . San Francisco for the
twenty-four hours ending at 5 o'clock
last night was more than half an inch.
The.rainfall for February thus-far ia
5.86 inches, while the average rainfall
for fifty-three years for the month is
only 3.51 inches. In February, 1878, the
rainfall was 12.52 inches, which is the
record."
DISCOVERS SHE IS THE
WIFE OF AX EX-COXVICT
Mrs. Edith Blume Marries an Aged
Swindler, Believing He Is a
Wealthy Commercial Traveler.
Mrs. Edith .Blume .• did not know
that her husband, Henry Blume, alias
Blaune, alias Brown, alias Bracker,
alias Black, was an ex-convict until
she read yesterday of\ his arrest on
charges of obtaining goods by
false pretenses and defrauding
an Innkeeper. He is 68 years
of age and she is .a handsome
blonde about 20 years of age. They
were married in this city three, months
ago after a brief courtship. He rep
resented-himself to her as a 'wealthy
commercial traveler.
A f ter their ■ marriage they lived at
the Lake House, 268 Turk street, but
she left him two weeks ago because
he gave her a beating and took up her
residence at \ the Piedmont House,
Sixth and Minna streets. Yesterday
she obtained a search warrant from
Police Judge Fritz - to recover posses
sion'of a mandolin, clock and other
personal effects from the landlady of
the Lake House, who refused to give
them up until the ; bill contracted by
her husband was liquidated.
Blame pleaded guilty; in Police
Judge Cabariiss' court yesterday to
the charge of obtaining goods by false
pretenses and was sentenced to serve
five - months in the . County Jail. The"
charge of \ defrauding an innkeeper
was dismissed. - .
Answer Mr% Arms' Suit.
RUey A. Boggess, W. Corbin and
Franklin ' Bowring of the ' Empire
Quicksilver Mining Company yeater
day filed an answer to the suit brought
against them by Frances Arm's. They
deny that . they havi mismanaged the
affairs of the ',-' corporation' as: she
charges and \ aver 'that their eVery. act
as/directors of the concern was for the
best -interests ' of the stockholders.
; We are closing' out several. odd lots of
framed .pictures at-, half the. .regular
prices. Sanborn.Vail & Co.,741 Market at.*
occurred "fully 90 per cent of the miners who
complained about the "grub'.' were again eat
ing at the company's boarding-house. The ap
pearance, of the Gladstone machinist .at the
mine was considered ample excuse by.the peace
disturbers to precipitate trouble and the result
Is the lockout. /.'.. • ■ !
THE RAWHIDE SHUT DOYVX.
', A local account of the troubles at the
Rawhide mine is as follows:
The ~ strike of miners -• the Rawhide and
App mines, owned by W. A. Nevills, has prac
tically tied up business at Jamestown and la
very likely to result In bloodshed. The strike
at the App 'has been on for several months,
but it waa only last -Wednesday that the min
ers walked out at the -Rawhide. Nearly all
the strikers are Austrlans and only a few of
them understand English. ,
The strikers are armed and they, have posted
pickets to prevent Captain Nevills taking men
to the mine toe take their places. - r-*
Last Friday Nevills took eight men through
Stockton, to work in the Rawhide. The Btrik-.
ers' pickets met the non-union men at James
town and turned them back. The strikers are
said to ( be unreasonable and . In a dangerous
temper. . Captain Nevills Is a fighter and Is
determined to run his 'mine with' non-union
help. ' . -■
Ihe Rawhide mine is within the Jurisdiction
of the Jamestown Union, under- whose aus
pices the strike is being conducted. It was
declared for the purpose of securing - an in
crease in the dally wages paid engineers, min
ers and muckers. The rate of wages here
tofore raid at the Rawhide has been as , fol
lows: Engineers. $3; miners, $2 75; muckers.
$2 25. The demand is for an Increase of 25
cents Der day for each class of workers. An
Increase is also asked for other surface em
ployes. \
Captain W. A. Nevills, the owner of the
Rawhide, has been having trouble with the
unions for the past year. He is also owner of
the App mine at Quartz, which has been prac
tically closed down for the past year owing
to the fact that the captain would" not accept
the scale of wages adopted' by the union and
accepted by other mine owners i of that sec
tion. A few weeks ago an attempt to open
the App with non-union miners failed. A' week
ago Saturday the mine started up with a lim
ited force without any regard 'being paid' to
the standing demands of. the union, and up. to
the present no Interference with its operations
has been reDorted. -. •. ', V .. j. ■'
The Union-Democrat/ 'published at
Soriora, says of the mining: situation as
it now appears: . - Y '. .
The recent rainstorms and the heavy fall
of snow in the mountains indicate that the
water supply will be ample -to insure mining
operations being carried on until late into
the fall. The only thing affecting the mining
Interests of the county at present is the'un
settled condition of labor troubles, but It is
anticipated that ere many weeks have passed
all the differences existing, will : be adjusted
and all our mines and .mills will be In active
operation, and producing heavily in bullion. •
INSTRUCTS MIXERS. „
The California Debris Commission
has issued instruction's to the owners
and operators of' hydraulic mines in
this State. While there is little really
new in the notices that have been sent
out, there is a part of the instructions
that has present interest. The hy
draulic miners are notified that "li
censes or permission to mine will not
be given unless the requirements of
the commission are complied with in
reference to the ejection of suitable
restraining barriers or dams. Li
censes, when granted, will be suspend
ed for failure to properly maintain
such barriers or dams or for failure
to make the reports and furnish the
information asked for by the commis
sion. Any dam built before the "In
structions are received from the of
fice of the commission . must be con
sidered . to be erected at the risk of
the parties doing the work- The more
essential "parts of the instructions are
as follows:
When mining has been begun under a
license a report every month must be sub
mitted on one of the blank forms furnished
for this purpose by the commission. In case
of any accident to restraining dam affecting
its efficiency mining must immediately cease
and the commission must be promptly notified.
When a dam becomes full of debris it should
be raised, and the permission of the com
mission must be obtained to raise dams, aud
the work when completed must be Inspected
and approved by the commission before min
ing may be resumed. Dams must be kept
water-tight and a pool at least two feet deep
must be maintained as a settling basin -above
each dam while mining Is in progress. Leaks
must be promptly checked.
y The Marysville Democrat gives de
tails concerning two large new gold
mining dredges to be put on the Hal
lett place, ten miles east of Marys
ville, for the Hammon Company, as
follows:
The machinery and all except about a hun
dred tons of the material is on the ground at
the site of the dredges. Wednesday night
twenty-five carpenters in the employ of the
construction comjiany came to Marysville and'
they, went to the Hallett place to commence
work. Some of ihe men had been employed
In other places in constructing dredges, and
others came from San Francisco, but all of
them are familiar with the work to be done
here. These twenty-five and the force at work
prior to their coming will make a total o£
about sixty men,' who will push the work as
rapidly as can.be and handle it to advantage.
The . excavation where the two dredges are to
be constructed is 500 feet in length and about
200 feet In width, with a depth sufficient to
float them when finished. At present three
large pumps are being run by steam power to
keep the water from the excavation while the
foundation la being laid.
RECENT OPERATIONS.
According to the Amador Dispatch
the "sixty stamps of the Oneida mill
are dropping regularly for the first
time since May, 1902, with good in
dications. The new mill at the Bun
ker Hill' mine at Amador City has be-?
gun operations. The Nevada County
Miner reports that the Union Hill
mine, near Grass Valley, is at work.
The Miner says:
Few people know that work Is beinff carried
on at the Union Hill mine. Grass Valley. The
mine was practically suspended several months
ago when the pumps were stopped. But since
that time I Superintendent Crcller has been
working it In a quiet manner. Of course this
work is done near the surface, as the shaft
being full of water prevents any deep mining
in the main works. A tunnel has betn driven
from the ravine, which runs close to the mine.
After going quite a distance they intersect-d
a vein which runs parallel with the old Union
Hill vein which made the mine famous in
the early days. Considerable work has b*en
done on it and In many places the results
have been , very gratifying.
. The Grass Valley Union reports that
the Allison Ranch mine has been
bonded. The underground workings
are full of water, -which is flowing out
of the shaft. A ! rumor that the prop
erty is under bond to the Empire
Company is denied. The Mining and
Scientific Press gives the following ac
count of proceedings at the G win mine
in Calaveras County:
- The main and south shafts are sunk to a
depth of 2000 and 1000 feet respectively, and
the hoist and mill of 100 stamps are In opera
tion. : In addition to the gold , saved on the
plates there are forty Frue variners .collecting
concentrates. Both the hoist and mill are
run by . water, the former having a head of
330 feet and the 'latter 400 feet. - After using
the water for 'these purposes it is carried one
mile . down the gulch and there ruused to
compress: air for the drills ' and pumps. As
a safetly. measure a boiler plant of three boil
ers . has : been •; completed to - furnish steam • in
case anythins should j prevent I use of water.
The hoist at the. main shaft is double, having
lifting capacity of • four tons , 2000 feet at the
rate of- 1500 feet per minute. The gallows
frame' is all steel and measures 118 feet in
height from the collar of the . shaft to • the
roof. The ore 1* dumped from the skips on
two rock breakers and then automatically
loaded, into three-ton- cars- and ; trammed ay
mules into ' the mill. At present the ore he
ing .treated* Is ; taken from the .1600 and 1700
foot ' levels. .A crosscut is being run for the
ledge' at the 1900-foot level- The shoot being
worked Is sixty feet in width. There are *J30
men 'at '; work. The water, from the mine ia
handled with pumps, operated by compressed
air." with . a capacity of : 250.000 gallons per
twenty-four hours, and In car^ of temporary
disability J to them ■> two skips are used that
hoist each 1200 gallons. '
YOUNG CLARK
IS EXONERATED
Prosecuting -Attorney at
Bu'tte Asks That Charge
of Bribery Be. -'Dismissed
LAWYERS ALSO CLEARED
Accusation That Senator's
Son Offered $250,000 to a
Judge Is Not Sustained
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 26.— Upon mo
tion of County Attorney \ Breen, Judge
McClernan in the District Court to-day
dismissed the bribery charges . against
Charles W. Clark, son of Senator W. A.
Clark, based upon the alleged offer of
$250,000 to Judge E. W. Harney for a
confession that he had been bribed to
render a judicial decision in the Minnie
Healey case. The charges were also the
basis of the recent disbarment proceed
ings aginst A. J. Shores and D. Gay
Stivers, attorneys for the Amalgamated
Copper Company. The attorneys were
exonerated, and as a result the pro
ceedings against Clerk were dismissed.
STOR3I WRECKS A TOWN.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 26. — A wind
storm of cyclonic character struck the
little town - of Mount Tabor, a few
miles east of Portland, this morning
and demolished two houses, besides
badly . damaging a ' number of other
buildings. " • '
There were several narrow escapes.
b*ut so far as" learned no one was se
riously injured. *j • -/
r The cyclone' was- accompanied by
a hailstorm of unusual severity.
"TFifty feet north' of the Starbuck
residence,*' which' was "completely de
molished, was ; an unoccupied house
belonging to William Thomas. Being
directly in the path of the tornado,
it .was demolished as quickly as the
other building. .Luckily no one was
lnthe house when the storm struck it.
The building occupied by the gro
cery of. W. T. Henton was wrecked
and the stock scattered in every direc
tion. No, one* was injured there,
though several people had narrow es
capes.
. Davis' store,- just across the street,
was damaged to such an extent that
the stock is practically ruined.
The home of.T. H. Starbuck, an
elder of the Adventist church, was
wrecked by the storm. Starbuck, who
was in his bathroom at the time, was
saved from d,eath by his bath tub,
which prevented falling timbers from
reaching him. His wife and daugh
ter, who were in the kitchen, were
protected in a similar manner by the
cook stove.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
stick soap.
Established over too years.
e CK0KBH(SA AND CBXKART S1S0HAS9SJ,
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat &
Museum of ahatohy;
Q E5 1551 KAHm" tot. e:i»7ji,S.r.CiI. \
\ C The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
Q -Jjjl «5_ World. Weaknesses or auy contracted A
X. wSftihW disene p««IU»«>l7*iir«€lh» the oldest r
O iKjC 1 i>peci*ii«onih-Cou-_ Eit-36ye»rt. O
A 0 Jigfe OH. J0RDAN-D!SEASE3 CF MEN 6
\ 9 tfSJK&ti} Convilution free and strirt'.y priratc. \
0 a JaslLil re2tInent P*'s"nAlljr er \>r le:ter. A U
\ H a n H titi "* Cwrt '" « T « r 7 caaeundettaieii. T
hell 110 Wjitefor Book. rniLOHOraVof A
V • (I I 1 * OtnnMGE, MAILED FRBH. f A X
A <J fj. valuable book for mm) . ... \
(r DU. JOBDAH * CO.. 1C51 .VTnrket St..S. P. V
SJ&BS^*M MEN ANDWOMEH.
C^tircUBE^L&ji Uso Big G {or unnatural
J*§Sr '■ * *° * *»J«-\£ d!«hargM,it>fl»mm»tioBi.
iSSSS Gaarante«4 M irrlUtioOG or clc«ritlons
ft**!? not to itristur*. of an a coal membrane*.
BT Tl Pr«T««ti c..u*io.. Painless, and not aitrla*
BSWlTHEEmsCHEMICAlCo. gent or poioononi.
W4Stt\ CINClK!UTI,O.|utP| Sold by DragrslaU,
THSgP^. C.B.A. 5KS or tent In plain wrapp«f.
#5>Za£sy»^_ J *<S>34| r>T exprcm, prepaid, tor
VmmB^fU $1.00. or 3 bottlet $2.74.
T ™ Circular sect oa rcaaes^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health apd
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
OCEAU TBAVEL.
Itf^>t6lLRS. MARSEILLES." GtNOA^i I
gJT N^-£;S 8f ALEXANDRIA. RCYPT.W |
CANOPIC?..;............. .Mir. 12
REPUBLIC fnev) ; Mar. 2C !
ROMANIC*. Apr. 0. May 14 I
(Send . for. rates and Illustrated booklet.) |
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service. .. i
First class., $K5 upward. -\ , >
Boston to LiYerpira! Qne^own
'CYMRIC ......l.Mar. 17.' Apr 14. May 12
CRETIC ........... .' Mar. 31. Apr. "JS i
■ t First claxs. $60 and, $63 upward, accord -
Inft to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
■ C.' D. TAYLOR, i Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast.- 21 Post st., San Francisco. ■ ••
ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
PAW-PAW
Cures Chicago Senatorial
ReDPesentative of
Catarrh
HO*. KITT GOULD OP CHICAGO *
Here Is the Proof-Read
What He Saus :
Hon. Kltt Gould, Chicago, Representa-
tive of the 3d Senatorial District, and
for four years the attorney for the State
Board of Pharmacy of Illinois, says: "I
have been a great sufferer from Catarrh
of the Stomach, Dyspepsia and Indiges-
tion, which completely upset my nervous
system. Paw-Paw has driven
out these distressing ailments and has
restored all my old-time energy and vim.
I It is a marvelous remedy."
The Honorable Samuel W. L&n« of
Augrusta. Me., is a national flgrure of such
prominence that he- needs no Introduc-
tion at our hands. He says:
"I am pleased to state that I have been
using Munyon's Paw-Paw for two months
with the greatest benefit. I have been a
sufferer for forty years from Malaria
and Dyspepsia, and for the cure of the
latter I consider Paw-Paw absolutely un-
equaletl."
If you have catarrh. Try it.
If you have dyspepsia. Try It.
If you are nervous. Try it.
If you are despondent. Try it.
If you are weak and run down. Try It.
, Cast away all tonics, all medicines and
all stimulants and let Alunyon's Paw-
Paw make you well. It will lift you into
the htgh altitudes of hope and hold you
the/e. It will give exhilaration without
Intoxication.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle. $1.
Paw-Paw Laxative Pills. 25c a bottle.
OCEAN T-RAVT-T.
e Steamers leave Saa Fran-
cisco as * follows:
For Ketchlkan. 'Wratuce!.
Juneau. Haines, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska — tl a. m.. Feb.
25. Mar. 1. Change to com-
pany's steamer at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Tnwnsend, Seattle. Ta-
, coma, Everett. Whatcorn—
U *. m.. Feb. 20. 25. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and «.
**. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to H P. Ry :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona 1:30
g: ">•• Feb. 2S, Mar. 6. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 25. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursday!!, 9 a. m.
For laa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Pert Harford (San
LuJs Obispo). Ventura and Ilueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 29. Mar. 8.
Bon it a. 9 a. m., Feb. 25. Mar. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
galla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right !s reserved to change steamers or salllnc
dates.
TICKIT OXTXCZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palac* Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. St M* CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 27. March 8. IS, 28. April
7, 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon Li temporarily In
service instead of t*% Columbia. George XV.
Elder sails Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OR., and
short raH line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
Bhlp and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails-
foot of Spear st. »t 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. AgL Pa*s«. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. : C.
CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight Dept., 3 Mont-
gomery Bt.
AMEEICAU LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourar — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a m.
St. Louis Mar. OlSt. Paul Mar. 19
New York Mar. 12!Zeerd.Mar.2a.lO::«) am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LUTE.
New York — London Direct.
Marquette Mar. 5. 0 A. M.
Mlnnehaha Mar. 12, l:3rt A. M.
Minneapolis Mar. 19, 7 A. M. -
Mesaba Mar. 2«. 9 A. M.
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland— Liverpool — Short sea passage*.
Canada Mar. 12[DominIon Apr 2
Vancouver Mar. 2ClCambronan Apr. 9
HOLLAND-AMEKICA KINS.
NeV Twin-screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam, Via Boulosrae.
Sailing Tu*«tlay at IO a. m.
Rotterdam Mar. Slstatendam Mar. 2*
Noordam Mar. 22|Pot:«dam Apr. 3
BSD STAB LINE.
New York— Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 s. ra.
Kroonland Mar. 5 [Kroonland Mar. 1!*
Vadertand Mar. 12l2eeland Mar. 28
WHITE STAR LINE.
New Ycrk — Oneenitown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanic.Mar. 9, noon [Majesic. Mar. 30.10 am
Celtic. Mar. 18. 4 pmJArabic Apr 1 5 pm
Cedric.Mar. 23. 9 amiOceanic.Apr. 8. 10 am
Boitos — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Mar. 17. Apr. 14, May 12
Cretle Mar. 31 Apr. 2S
BOSTON MEDITEBEAHEAH SKtTICS.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Mar 2«
ROMANIC Apr. 0. May 14
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
/Hamburg-American.
Bl-weekly Twia-Screw Service.
For Plymouth. Cherbourg", Hamburg*.
Patricia Feb..27|*Bluecher Mar. 24
•Moltke Mar. 3 ! »Moltk».. Mar. 31
Pretoria Mar llS(Pennyslvanla ..Apl. i
Waldersee Mar. 13 'Deutschland ..Apt. 1
•Grillroom and gymnasium on board.
HAinjUSO-AM ESZCAN T-TWE-
Offlces. 35 and 37 Broadway. New York
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
I ~~ '■ ' " '
ueeaDies.sxo. g^ss
I S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur., March C. 2 p. m.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12. It a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Men. IS, 11 a!m.
Ir^t3Sa.S2S BarkatSt..fierls. I.Pacft SL
LCMPAGNIS GEHS2UL3 TRAN3ATL&NTI3J1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -^FfiXfl
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12. -j&BCSS'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-'
ond class to Havre, 9t5 ami upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)..
New York. J. F. FUC1AZI & CO.. Pacific Coa»t
Agents, a Montgomery avenue, fan Francisco.
Tickets told by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and VaUejo Steadier*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. '':lo and Si'.U} p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 0;43 a. m.. 8:«0 p. m. Leave Vallejo t
7 a.m.. J2-.U0 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun- r
day ; 7a. m..' 4:15 p. m." Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 130^ Pier 2. Mtssion-st. dock. MATCH
BROS.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PROCLAIMS
THE TREATY
IN EFFECT
President Formally An
nounces Acquirement by
United States of the Canal
Rights on the Isthmus
LEGAL QUESTIONS
TO BE ADJUSTED
Minister Biinan-Varilla of
Panama Cables designa
tion to New Republic After
* Exchange of Katifications
WASHINGTON, Feb. 26— President
Koosevelt to-day signed the proclama
tion putting into effect the treaty with
Panama reparding the Isthmian canal.
A* soon as the proclamation was signed
it was returned to the State Depart
ment, where the exchange of ratifica
tions had taken place between Secre
tary of State Hay and Minister Bunau-
Varilla of Panama. The Cabinet was
in session when the proclamation
reached the White House from the
F;ate Department. Secretary Loeb
took the document to the President
and he cigned it immediately.
The President may not j^nd to the
Sonate his appointments on the Isth
mian Canal Commission before the flrst
Ot next week. He has been informed
by telegraph that Benjamin M. Harrod
of New Orleans has mailed to him e
statement regarding the charges
against Harrod. Tntil he has» received
this statement and given it consider
ation, the probability is that the offi
cial announcement of the personnel of
the commission will be withheld.
The exchange of ratifications between
Secretary Hay and Minister Bunau-
Varilla marks the close of diplomatic
negotiations looking: to the acquirement
by the United States of canal rights on
the isthmus, running back to the first
quarter of the last century. What re
mains to be done now is nothing more
than the adjustment of certain legal
questions by the lav.- officers of thu»
Government. The State Department
has fulfilled its functions. The legal
iiucstions remaining to be settled are
the pending litigation In France con
cerning the canal and the question
whether under the terms of the Spooner
act the $10,000,000 which was to be paid
to Colombia can now be paid to Pan
ama.
It will be some time before these
questions can he settled, and meanwhile
no money is likely to pass. • '
The proclamation is as follows:
BT THE rm-SIDKNT OF THE VNITED
fcTATKS Oh AMEItlCA. .
A I'rcKiamaticn:
Wherea*. A ot.nvrmiin by thp t'nitrd Ftat«>«
of AtiiPrtMi and the nrutilii- of Panama to
lm^ir* tin: ecn«truetinn of a *hlji canal across
the i«=thrnu* of Panama to cmnf.-t thf Atlantic
end Parlflr oceans was romliKi'-d and aliened
by th'ir r»«i«^r'tv e I'icmuolfnUarire at Wai«h
ir'rton on the l*th day at November. 190:1. the
original ot which convention beinit in the
KrRlifh U&ruace i* word for word as follows
ihtre follfw* the text of the treaty): and.
••htr'ai. the /aid ei>nv*rtion hat> be*n 'luly
ratified en bcth tiarts ajid the ratiflcations of
the two «uv«-rnnv r.t* wen- enchanted in the
rity of Wachinrton on the CJth day of Febru
ary, 1904.
No», therefore, he it known, thut I, Theodore
R<jo«w?lt. President o< the l"nl!«<l State* of
AmerKa, have caie^d the KalC convention to
l>e tr.ad;- i^uhlip. to the end. that the eame,
• nd every article anil clause thereof, may br
ob#irn«Ml and fulf»ll»^l with irood faith by the
United Ptat*-* and the cli'.zwe thereof.
In testimony wher«-c.f I have hereunto set
try hand and nuwii the »wal of the I'mted
Ktit'ii of America to b*- Hffixed.
Uone at litr. city of Washington this 2("th
day of I-Ytiruary, in the y«-«r of our Lord, 11MH,
en.l oC the tndroendence of the United Statei
the one hundred and twnty-eichth.
rfiBODOKK I'.oosevelt.
By the President:
JOHN HAT. Secretary of State.
From the State Department Minis
ter Cunau-Varilla. with the exchange
copy *f the treaty, drove to the cable
office and tendered his resignation as
Minister from Panama to the Presi
dent of the republic in the following
dispatch: < 'j.'-'^*"-.
The exchange of ratifications of treaty has
taken j>lace to-day at H>:t5. thus flnirhins the
accomplishment of my duty to the republic of
I'fcnama. I mjuei't your Excellency, in con
formity with what I have evpresifcl in my let
ter of November 24 to the Department of For
♦■irn Affair*, to accept my rr*ij;natlon »rom
to-day and to send me by next tnall my Setter
of r*»call.
M. Bunau-Varilla expects to remain
in this country- for a fortnight and will
then go to Paris to look after private
business. It is possible the Panama
Government will wish M. Bunau-Va
rilla to remain in charge of the lega
tion until his successor. Dr. Arose
mena, arrives, and If possible the Min
ister will consent to extend his mis
eion.
Replying to" an- inquiry why the
Panama Government was not to re
t-pive to-day, in accordance with the
terms of the treaty, the $10,000,000
which this country has pledged to pay.
the "tinister eaid:
For two reason*. First, becaute I had in
formed the offlcials that were a check for
Ibis amount bonded me 1 should be co:r.!*>lled
to return it, because I have *ald *ll aicnj;
that I did not care to be connected In any
way with the financial dealings aritlng from
the canal sale, and further, J>icau«-r the Gov
ernment of Panama has not ye*, decided on the
programme for th* investment -.of this 6um.
and therefore would prefer that It should net
b« transferred for the present.
A M-c-ond reason is the necessity of accom
plishing certain legal formalities with the
Panama Canal. Company which the Attorney
General of the l.'&ited 8tate« thinks siiculd be
eettled before the payment of • the purchase
;Tirx. J-r this rcSKon fie tirefertuce ot Uie
Panama Government that the money be held
Jn trukt here for the present is in harmony
viili the withes cf this Government.
Asked about the nature of the for
malities. Bunau-Varllla said:
These formalities arise from the special situ
ation Bt the canal projierty which is now In
the hands of a receiver and cannot be trans
rniltnl without aittnorlzatlun of the courts.
The abtsurd theory of Colombia that certain
parts of th* oontrnc-t between Columbia and
Panama are ctlll binding while others are not
can cause only amusement even to the simple
Colombia has lost her sovereignty over .the
Panama, canal and therefore Is unable to ful
fill her obligations to the Panama Canal Com.
pany. although Colombia . seerat desirous that
the Panama Canal Company shall fuinjl Us
obligations to the Bogota Government and
decline to **11 tbe canal without the consent
of -Colombia.
I «bould say that probably not more than a
month ■will elapw before Panama will be
ready to accept this $10,000,000.
The Minister to-day received forijjal
notification from " the Korean Govern
ment that Korefi. had • recognized the
independence of Panama.
UNIVERSITY
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO DEPARTED
PROFESSOR WHO DELIV
ERED MEMORIAL. ADDRESS
AT BERKELEY.
Memorial Services Are
Held on Birthday
of Le Conte.
BERKELEY. Feb. 26. — Memorial
per\'ices in honor of those that have
passed away within the year were held
this morning at the University of Cali
fornia] Many people gathered in Har
mon gymnasium to hear words of love
and respect for friends and loved ones
that have answered the call of the
reaper. - ». .
This day waB set apart to honor the
memory of tbo late. Joseph Le Conte
and the occasion was all the more im
pressing because there had died within
the year three men who were his
friends and associates^ — Professor Mar
tin Kellogg, Louis Du Pont Syle and
Felicien Paget. These men's lives and
works were touchingly referred to in
the services by Professor William
Carey Jones, himself their friend and
aspociaf e. * > c '• ,.--»"».;--'
Max Thelen, president of the As
sociated Students, presided over the
meeting, which began with an invoca
tion by the Rev. J. K. McLean, presi
dent of the Pacific Theological Semi
nary. The list of faculty members and
students that have died since the last
memorial (lay was ;then read by Air.
Thelen, their names being Professors
Kellogg. Syle, Paget, John Henry Dye
and Edith Putnam' Dart,' senior and
assistant in the library; Ralph E.
Gibbs, graduate; Hans Gutmayer,
graduate; W. J. Allen, graduate; E. W.
Furbush, graduate; ' W. C. ' White,
senior; Valentine Law, sophomore.
In his memorial address Professor
Jones referred to the significance of
the day and then devoted himself to
a review of the lives of his departed
friends, saying in part:
The significance of the d»y you have chostn
for relijghtlng; the fire on our university's
tacred hearth, ot* commemorating the purln?a
members of our community, is that it is the
birthday of Joreiih I«* Conte. In selecting
thip day you have given evidence of a beauti
lut instinct of our nature. In the lifetime
cf l*rofe?sor L» Conte it was a day of r»r-
Jololng. of felicitation that yet another year
had come around and that a beloved presence
was still with us.
The great fart of that day wa( the opening
of the fountains of love. The must KlKn.il
fact in 1'rotwsor U«? Ctnte's Influence on the
university community was the Instilling, or
thp tduflng. of an unqualified Ipve. It was
not admiration, reverence, veneration, that ho
drew forth. He may have been the objtct
of sentiment*; he may have had almost adora
tion, worship: but what he had in the supreniw
• !• tip? was the love of all the beings' am«n«
whom he dw«-lt. And that was a far more
wholeFome emotion, more wholesome for the
individual and for the collective body, than
one of veneration or worship." The attitude
of adoration is or.» to lie directed toward an
other power than the human-
The fair spirit of Edith Putnam Dart .de
parted in the earliest usefulness of life; th
sou! nf John Her.ry Dye. faithful officer and
friend, all too briefly Identified with the unl
vrnstt)-: of Professor lyniis Du Pont Syle.
the winrs of hit life broken In srlf-sacrlfice;
of Pro'etror Mnrtln Kellofr*. after, the longest
service trar.terj to any one to devote to the
university, and of Professor Felfcien Victor
Papet. after a two years* contest with the
inevitable;
The services closed with a song by
the. university's glee club nnd the bene
diction by the Rev. Mr. McLean. This
afternoon the Golden Bear Society, un
der the leadership of Max Thelen,
marched in a body to the Le Conte
oak on the campus and hung upon it
a floral wreath, which is every year
renewed.
FIND NOTHING WRONG WITH
OAKLAND'S POLICE FORCE
Bay City Commissioners Discuss Com
plaints Alleging Inefficiency of De
partment Under Their Care.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners devoted
this afternoon to a discussion of meth
ods for increasing the effectiveness of
the Police Department. The discus
sion was general and no definite course
of action was decided upon.
"Reports had reached our ears," said
President McElroy after the meeting,
"touching alleged lack of efficiency in
the Police Department. No definite ac
cusations have been, made, but the
members of the board felt in duty
bound to ascertain, if possible, what
merit there mtght be In these com
plaints. We decided that there was
nothing in the situation to warrant
action on our part at present."
Charged With Looting Sloop."
OAKLAND. Feb. 26:— Charles Tay
lor, 16 years old, has been arrested on
a charge of stealing a suit 'of sails
from the sloop Valkyrie, owned by O.
F.Anderson. The sloop itself was
stolen last November, but Anderson
recovered it. He has been working
three months to find Taylor, he claims.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 190 i.
CAREY DENIES
HE WAS FALSE
Wealthy Manxman Says Chi
cago Trapeze Performer
Deserves None of His Coin
ANSWERS DAMAGE SUIT
Claims He Never Proposed
to Leona Bonne, and Her
Pretensions Are False
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
flll8 Broadway, Feb. 26.
To the charge made by Leon.a
Bonne, a Chicago trapeze performer,'
against William L. D. Carey, the j
wealthy Manxman, that lie . propsed
marriage to her in 1901 and then mar
ried another, the defendant to-day en
tered a general denial.
A few days ago Miss Bonne began
a suit for $100,000 damages, which
she asked as balm for her bliRhted af
fections and compensation for the
wrong done her. Not having any |
knowledge to the contrary, Carey as
serts for all he knows that, she is a
married woman. He denies that he
deceived her or induced the fair per- i
former on the bars to promise to mar- |
ry him.
Carey in his answer'admits that he
was a married man during a part of
the time he knew her, but says that
he was divorced in Chicago on March
4, 1901.. He denies that/Miss Bonne
confided in his alleged promise to
marry her and having no knowledge
on the subject denies that she has re
mained sole and unmarried or that
she would now be ready and willing
to marry him were he not already
married to another.
Carey admits that he has some
means, but modesty constrains him
from admitting that he worth as much
as a quarter of a million dollars, as
alleged in the complaint, and says
his fortune does not exceed $100,000.
He asserts, however, that the plain
tiff has not been damaged in the
slightest by her association or lack of
association with him and that she is
not entitled to any of his money, and
as a clincher pleads that all of her
claims are barred by the statute of
limitations. #
. Carey says that he is the son of
Colonel Henry Carey, a British of
ficer, who served with distinction-dur
ingr the Crimean war. He is sole heir
to a large estate in the Isle of Man,
but for some time past has been liv
ing in this city in a pretty home on
Thirty-fourth street with' his second
wife, who, before her marriage, was
a Miss Ada Conger.
SAYS KNIFE. AND A
SPADE WERE WIELDED
Piedmont Nurseryman Causes Arrest
of a Fcllow-Gnrdcner Who 'Qnnr
rclcd Over Possessior of Plants.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26. — Owing to a
row over a nursery Charles German,
a gardener,, has been arrested on
charges of assault with a deadly
weapon and disturbing the peacerThe
complainant is Huso H. Lillenthal,
secretary of the California Bureau of
Landscape Gardeners and California
agent of the National Society of Amer
ican Florists. Lillenthal says . the
trouble occurred at the Piedmont Nur
sery.
He objected because German at
tempted to carry away a lot of plants
and cuttings. The nurseryman de
clares that when he tried to ; stop
German his antagonist pulled a knife
and afterward tried to brain him with
a spade. German denies the charges
and claims he was entitled, as a part
ner, to the specimens of .floriculture
he was handling.
The oases w'H be heard- to-morrow
in the Police Court.
HALF CRAZED TRAMP .MAKES
AN ASSAULT ON TWO MEN
William Scdwith Enters, Room or
.John Heed and Jolm Lopuz imd
Attacks Them WJtli Razor. '
OAKLAND.'Feb. 26.— William Sed
with, a half- crazed tramp, made two
murderous assaults upon John A.
Reed and John Lopaz to-night in the
Model lodging-house and is now under
arrest for assault with a< deadly wea
pon. He entered, the room 'Occupied
by his victims without reason and
first attacked • Lopaz and, then Reed.
He was beaten : off. but later: re
turned and attacked Reed with an
empty bottle and a razor. Reed had
a narrow escape from death, for, Sed
with's razor cut through his clothing
and just touched the skin:
The arrest followed.
Lnst Service for Dead.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26.— The funeral of
the la^te - Thomas -.Wilkinson, .former
Warden of the State penitentiary at
Folsom, was held this afternoon at 2:30
o'clock from the family residence, 1123
Fifth avenue. The Rev. H. W. Fraser,,
pastor of Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church, officiated. The music consisted
of vocal selections by Mrs. .Moll ie 11.
Deering and. Mrs. Lena Carroll-Nichol
son. The pallbearers - were Daniel) E.
Hayes, Thomas Cole, Dr. William-sM.
Lawlor, Samuel Meyer, Leon SIoss,
Alexander J. Rosborough,;, Charjes D.
Ford' and Hugh M. Cameron.' The in
terment was private.. v .;• : .• ' •
Dies While Visiting.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 26.— Vachel H. Todd
passed away last night at the home of
his niece, Mrs. J. A. Remmel. 2060 San
Antonio avenue. He was a , native • of
Virginia, ' aged 64 years. He came to
this city from San Jose a week
visit relatives. . ,-'
Victiih of' a Sneak Thief.
OAKLAND, Feb.; 26.— Julius Zabel,
city poundmaster, , has complained to
the police that a sneak thief stole, $27,
to-day from an . oyercoat that was
hanging in his office." y
If a man wears three collars, a week
some people look upon him as stuck up.
HORSES OF VARIOUS TYPES
IN ANNUAL HAYWARDS SHOW
Representative Entry Is Made for the Third Stock Parade
, snd. Competition, Which WiilB; Held'Tfiis Afternoon.
Citizens Favor the Building of a Train ng Track
HAYWARDS, Feb. 26.— The third and
the largest horse show that has ever
taken place in this city will be held
to-morrow. The Haywards Horse Show
has become an institution that has
been recognized in all of the bay and
In »many of the valley counties. The
entries: for the parade this year in
clude horses .from not only this vicin
ity, but from San Jose. Stockton, all
parts of Contra Costa County and the
Livermore Valley. There will be many
hundreds of animals on exhibition dur
ing the day. "'.-;'
There will be no exercises aside from
the horse parade, which begins at 2
o'clock. The animals' will travel over
a regular route in the town and will
then pass- the reviewing stand, where
William McDonald of Jjlvermore will
pnss upon the quality of each entry.
Bonnie Direct.'owned by C. L. Grif
fiths, will head the procession.
There is talk of building a training
track near Haywards and making this
a regular event with racing tests.
The officers of the exhibition are:
Grand marshal Lpprand Turrer. Haywards;
atd.«— Frank Rose ■ N'll«\«: Frank Fennon. Ltv
ermore: Charles Windier Walnut Crrek; John
Morris. Pan Ramon; Harold M««>k. San Lo
renzo: 8. . - Maclntoyli Haywnrds; John
Smith. yayv.-art!»; Clarence Mngnt>s. Hay
wards; J. B. Gray !Iayward«; Frank Turner.
Haywards; Judge. William McDonald. Llver
moro.
The entries are:
Shetland ponies— Tern, entertd by C. M.
Ruck. Haywards: Robinfeon Crusoe. W. B.
Meek. San Lorenzo; Laura D. J. P. JIarttn,
Son Lorenzo.
Thoroughbred— Benuty Eell, sire Bathamp
ton. dam Bell of Butte. A. S. Haups; Oak
land. •..-.. • . . . . . >. .
Coach stallions— G. Adonis No. 470 Imp.
German coach- horse. William ! A. French.
Stockton; black German stallian General, sire
Jacob, dam Jtrcnga Stute. T. C. McChesney,
Banta; black Russian stallion Nicholas Ver
bovstchlk. sire Verbovtschlk. dam Bereft. .1.
A. Brewer, Irvingtot;; brown French coach
stallion Jouber. sire Kacy, dam Juno, "Sing
mHEter & Son, San Jose
Trotting stallions— Black stallion Paramont,
sire Altamc-nt, dam by Enquirer, A. O. Gott.
Alameda; bjy stallion Silver Moon, sire Silver
Bow Jr.. dam Leona (2:28). James E. Berry
man. Pleasanton; baj» stallion Young Alta
mont. sire Altamont (2:20V;). dam Ethel C. by
Sidney , <2: 10*4), Harry Brown. Pleasanton;
brown stallion Guard, sire Guide (2:1U). "by
Director (2:17). dam Lady King. A. W. Feid
ler, Livermore: chestnut rtalllon Monterey
C2:07U). sire Sidney (2:10«,), dam Hattie,
Williams & Nellscn, .San Lorenzo; bay stal
lion Duke of Monterey, sire Monterey (2:09V4).
dam Hattie: Fox. Williams £ Neiison. San Lo.
renro; gray Ftalllon Baron Madison sire James
MAdlson. dam Mollle. by Memphis, i G. W.
Groom. .Danville; bay stallion Jack Nelson Jr.,
Hire Jack Nelson, 'dam Lottie, N. W. Liver
more. Livermore; bay stallion Diablo Jr., sire
Diablo (2 -.Oil*;), dam Dolly, J. H. Dutcher,
Livermore; bay stallion Warren Jr. sire War
ren, dam May. \V. D. Dutcher, Livermore;
bay stallion Warren D, sire Warren Jr.. dam
Fern, W. D. Dutcher. Livermore; porrel' wtol-'
lion Hkylark. sire Comet Wilkes. dam Flora
Stevens, Asaph Wilder, Byron. Contra Costa
County; brown stallion Arner. sire Charles
Derby, dam Bertha, Brannln & Simpson San
Lorenzo; mahogany bay stallion Prince Henry
sire Altamont (2:2«Vi). dam Lady Dlmond. by
Diamond, he by Irwln Davis, D. S.' Smalley
Hay wards; black stallion Fritz, sire Snlckle
Fritz, dam St. Lawrence, ; M. Enos, Haywards
bay *tal.Hon , Jim . Rankln, sire Grover Clay,'
,<Jam Diversion. K: S. Anderpcn. West Berkeley
three-yenr-old brown >.colt Carroll Rye, sire
Boodle (2:12V4). d»m by Director (2:19) W
H.Funston.' V. S., Oakland; Abdol 128 ('Reff
No. 17716), color black, sire Grand Moori
<2374). dam Black Bess, by American Union
son of David Hill, he by Black Hawk, Wil
liam Dewlsj, Hay wards; chestnut sorrel Aliku
sire Charles Derby, dam Lily. A. Gove Roberts
San Lorenzo: bay colt John E. Wilkle ilre
Welcome (2:10>i), dam Belle Morgan. Robert
Lewcrt, Alvarado; bay horse Dannybrook sire
Den L. dam by Echo, owned by' William Hal
fred. Pleasanton: brown stallion Welcome
(2:10*4), sire Arthur Wilke*. dam Lettle W
E. Meek. Haywards; bay stallion William
Harold (2:13". 4 ). sire Sidney, dam Cricket
(2:10), H. W. Meek, San Lorenzo; bay stallion
Napa Prince, sire Grandisslmo, dam Queen
Fred Rochford. Oakland. '
Draught stallions— Black stallion. Drayman,
sire Benoit, dam Concord Beauty. William
Bond. Irvtngton: black stallion. Rock, sire
Raglan, dam Nellie. Antone Rose, Byron:
brown stallion, Jim Blanc, sire Norman stal
lion, F. A. Groom.' Danville; brown stallion.
White Stake Burgeon, sire Burgeon, dam
Ixfty, Oscar Harris. Livermore; bay stallion.
Pallmoras Chief, sire Benoit, dam Norman
mtre. Antone Peiroto, Haywards; gray stal-
SAVES $1000
BY MARRYING
Repudiates Husband After
Marriage to Avert a
Breach of Promise Suit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 26.— Mrs. Glacinta
Grassi, a comely/Italian widow, who
recently married Michele, Grassi, her
forothtr-in-law, to quash a $1000 breach
of promise- suit, has repudiated her
marriage and l?ft her husband. Grassi
now declares that the widow jobbed
him by getting him to marry her after
he brought his suit. By this means she
saved all expense of a suit and prob
ably $1000.
Mrs. Graesi had been a widow about
a year. Her husband left her a nice
little fortune. A- few months ago she
wrote to Michele Grassi, a brother of
her deceased husband, telling him that
if he came to California she would
marry him. Grassi disposed of "every
thing he had and came to California.
When he arrived here he had no money,
and then Mrs. Grassi refused to marry
him. He then brought suit for breach
of promise and $1000 damages. Finally
she repented and married him to quash
the suit.
Grassi now declares he has only a
wife In name and that she has refused
to live with him. After the ceremony
the couple took . a honeymoon trip to
Oxhard.* They were having a delightful
time until one day Mrs. Grassi excused
herself, saying" she was going out to sell
a lot. From that moment he has not
seen ' his ', wife and . sh6 refuses to live
with him.. Grassi declares he was alone
in a strange place tfnd could speak but
little English, and" he was obliged ' ta
sell his coat : and other personal effects
in <*der to buy.' a ; ticket to this place.
He will now seek to have his breach of
promise suit* renewed, as he declares he
has been" tricked. • '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
.'- .•• ARRIVED. • ■ ,
.. Friday. February : 28.
Stmr '. Santa , Cruz. Alberts, 25 hours from
Moss I Landinr?<Xf$@>e%5I^Bi>^B»
tlW'tflH 1 '!*!"! DOMESTIC . PORTS. ;.„,•,.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 20— Strar " Ramona.
from' Ekagway. • . , .
Hon. Hanford Boy, sired by Imp. Engllih
horse, dam Xorraan mare, Jack L*wi«; bay
stallion. . British Oak Jr., sire .British Oak,
dam TopsmRn,.N. D. Dytcher, Ltverraore; bay
*talllon,- Grover* D, sire Rawshgrn Jr., Imp.
Clyde mare, N. U. Dutcher,' Ltvennqre; bay
stallion. Victor, sire <i rant, dam Non Parlel,
Pacific Improvement Company. Newark: Im
ported . gray' stallion, oreh-on. Blre- Vermuth,
dam Myoaoep. James ' Martin. Llverroore; bay
etaillon. Sunll«:ht,: sire Dublin Bay, dam St.
Le.wience, August Dla*. Hay ward.*: black stal
lion, Hereies. elre Benoit, dam Imp. Clytie.
Manuel Xunes. . Ilaynards: imporwd black
Percheron stallion. Volontaire, sire Brutus, dam
Pelajfle. Sins;mast«r Ac !*on, • San Jose; bay
Sh'.re KtalliDn, Keota Alonzo, sire Sternteney
Reverance. dam Ceota I-Minu. Slngmaster Sl
Son. San Jose; bay Shire Ktnlllon, i>ota Pan
thom. sire . Nmle Duke, Kenta Smart. SlrtK
master & g{m, San Jorge; Imported bay Bel
gian stallion, t'aacar, sire Sasaquo, dam Bles
II, Slngmaeter & Sen. San Jose; Stuntney.
Lord Boles. .Imp. sire Thicket Rival, No. 15.-
S83, dem Ktuntney Candace. No. 13.B7O, Stenzel
Bros., San Lorenzo.
Draught polts — Gray nln«"-montha-old colt,
sire Black Point, If. Costa. Alvarado; bay
yearling, i>lre Grant, dam Percheron mare, Pa
ctflc Improvement Company. Newark; black
colt, Don Deo, sire Rook«, dam Black Puss,
Antone Flores Jr.. lJaujjhertys Station.
TrottlnB-bred mares and geldings — Bay
gelOinff Dexter. *lre Welcome (2:1OV4). <lam
Flora, H. Sorensen. Hay wards: sorrel gelding
Tenbrook. sire McClanahan. dam Ix>ttie B.
Brannln, JIaywards; bay colt Native
Son, A. S. Haups. Oakland; brown filly Flor
anee" Stone, sire Welcome (2:10%). dam
Abyslnl.in. damage Bros., ilay wards: bay fllly
Nance O'Neill, fIm Diablo <2ip»*4). dam Aby
sinian. Rarrmgf Bros., Haywards;* bay fllly
Mollle McKinr.ey, sire McKinney (2:111*). K.
W. Klnney, Oakland; sorrel fllly Nita. sire
Aleka, Uam An?ta. L. M. Turner, HaywardsJ
hay mare Kenna. .alre Lustre (2:22), -dam
by Delegate, \V. K. Meek. Haywards; sorrel
mare Baby, sire Alika. dam by Fleetwood,
William Shiirtin. San Lorenzo: bay gelding,
sire Almont Patehen, dam by Glen Fortune,
3, P. Martin. San Lorenzo; bay gelding Charlie
Steel, sire William Harold (2:43%). dam Fen
ella. Meek estate, San Lorenzo; bay mare
May Flowr. sire Anteo Wilkes. dam by Fleet
wood John Cawen, Haywards; bay fllly May
Queen, sire William Harold (2:1.1V«), dam May
Flower, Meok estate, San Lorenzo; bay mare
Cricket (2:10). *lre Stelnway. dam Witch. H.
Meek, San Lorenzo: bay fllly. sire Welcome
OJMOVi), dam Cricket (2:10). H. W. Meek. San
Lorenzo: bay mare Vita, wire Redwood (2:27).
dan. Nelly, M. Olsen; sorrel mare Beantle, slro
Sidney Dillon, dam by Piedmont. Harry Brown.
Pli>a?ai.ton; brown fllly Ada. sire Guard, dam
Belle, A. W. Feidler. Ltvermore; bay filly
May. sire Guard, dam Alice Derby, A. W.
Feidler,' Livermore; sorrel gelding Dlmon. sire
Diablo (2:C»U). dam Lilly Longrata, Harry
Brown. Pleasanton: black fllly Monterey Bell.".
?ire Monterey (2:0UU). dem Leap Year. P. J.
Wllllamo, San Lorenzo: sorrel fllly. Ruby G,
sire Sultan Jr.. dam Jlpsey, O. Groom, Dan
ville; bay gelding Prince, sire Sultan Jr., dam
Lucy by Conductor, G. Groom. Danville; bay
filly Little Daley* sire Guard, dam Minnie. H.
R. Madden, Livermore ; black Relding. Prince
D, blre Silas 1), dam by Echo, N. D. Dutcher,
Livermore; bay gelding Thomas Benton. sire
Welcome (2:10%). dam thoroughbred, T. B.
Freeman. Oakland: bay mare Fancy (2:20), sire
Welcome (2:10). dam Nancy, M. J. Landers,
San Leandro: flve-year-ol<l. sire Alika. dam
Anita. A. O. Roberts San Lorenzo: two-year
old, sire Alika. dam Anita. A. G. Roberts. San
Lorenzo; cream mare Lady Babbie, sire Vast,
dam Zaza, Miss N. Dyer, 'Alvarado; driving
mare, - W. Willis. Alvarado; bay -mare. Wane,
fclre Allord 0!:M>V4). dam Wilton. Mrs. C.
Hcyer. Haywards; roan colt Prince, T. II.
Duiimiakirr. Frultvale; chentnut mare. J.
Layer, Klmhurst.
Trotting yearlings — 10-months-old bay filiy,
Nellie, sire Abdol (2 :!?*). dam Juno. Hans
Lassen, Irvlngton; 1 year old, sire Abdol, C. M.
Buck, Haywards; 1 year old. sire Abdol. C.
M. Buck, Haywarda; 1 year old. sire Abdol.
CM. Buck. Haywards; 1 year old, sire Abdol.
Oscar Walpert. Haywards; 1 year . o!d. sire
Abdol. M. Kelly. Haywards: 1 year old. sire
Abdol. William Mo.«eRUard. Haywards; 1 year
old. , Fire Abdol. C. Heyman. Haywards: 1 year
old, slr'« Abdol. Hans Lasnen. Irvlngton; brown
fllly, Lass Wellwood, sire Welcome, dam Polly,
thoroughbred; brown fllly. Lady Fllly., she
Welcome, dam Polly, thoroughbred; blaclc colt,
Arelet. .sire Arner, dam Clara. C. A. Brannin.
San Lorenzo: black colt.' sire Arner, dam
Vlnca. C. A. Brannln. Ham Lorenzo.
Carriage and driving teams — Bay team, Lydta
and Tharrentv. sire Warren, dam Kate Havt
ings and Matie G, C. Anderson and M.-
Ranike, Livermore; brown team. Buff and
Doagy, sire Charles Derby (2:20), dam Buffalo,
by Corrector, B. . F. Chaboga. Pleasantor.;
Doagy. sire Monroe S (2: IS), Lady Longford.
B. F. Chaboga. Pleasanton ; black team. Topsy
and Roxy, C. M. Buck. Haywards; gray team.
Lucy and Maggie. C. M. Buck. Hay wards;
bay team. Don and Nolea. sire Welcome
(2:1OV4). dam Lady Bell Eleanor. H. Meek. San
Lorenzo: bay team. Emma Sow and Mlnona,
W. E. MeeU. San I/irento: sorrel team, Dan
and Molly. P. H. Hoare. Ca«tro Valley; blade
team by Abdol, Geary <& Orindell, Haywards:
black team by Abdol. Lewis Bros.. Haywards;
bay team. Dolly and Kate, by St. Lawrence.
Dr. A. J. Dean. Haywards; bay team. Cydla
and MephlFto, sire Diablo (2:09U). dam by
Enquirer. A. O. Gott. Alameda; black team.
Milula and Lady M/eg. ulra direct (2:05V4),
dam by Xal>uc. J. D. Cunningham, Hay ward*.
SMOOT'S MEN
OFFER EXCUSES
Leading Mormon Officials of
Utah Attempt to Evade
Subpeiias to Washington
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 26.— A con
ference of several of the leading church
authorities and others who have been
summoned to Washington to testify
coneerniny polygamy in the Smoot case
was held to-day. The meeting was
kept secn-'t and in some circles was
absolutely denied. The calling of Presi
dent SnilOi and several of the leading
apostles ak living exhibits of polygamy
was something of a bombshell to the
Smoot fetfees. Several of the church
officials who have been subpenaed have
been taken violently I1L The majority
of those who will respond to the call
of the Ser,ate Committee on Privileges
and Electrons will travel to Washing
ton together. They will leave in a
body to-morrow morning. Among these
is President Joseph F. Smith. His five
wives and; forty-five children will not
accompany him. Moses Thatcher, who
was deprived of his apostolic honors
for declining f to obey the first presi
dency in political matters, has been
subpenaed. He has sent a physician's
certificate stating that he is seriously
ill at his home in Logan. O there have
sent similar excuses. What decision
was reached at to-day's conference
could' not be ascertained, as all con
cerned declined to answer inquiries.
Engineers Arc Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the following
examinations will be held April 1: Con
structing Engineer, reclamation service,
geological ;survey, salaries $3600 to $4800
a year, age limit 20 years or over, appli
cation form 304 and special i forms ;
photo-lithographer, geological survey,
salary $1000 a year; age limit 20' years
or over, application form' 1003. Persons
desiring to compete should apply to the
Civil 'Service Commission, Washington,
D. C for application forms mentioned
above, which . should be properly exe
cuted arid filed with the commission at
Washington prior to. the hour of clos
ing b'usines on April 1.
SECURE GREAT
PSYCHOLOGIST
Professor J. Ward. Lead
ing English Investigator,
to Come to Summer School
INVITATION IS ACCEPTED
Session to Bring: Together
at University of Califor
nia Five Noted Scientists
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Feb. 26.
The group of famous scientists that
has accepted invitations to .come to
the next summer session at the Uni
versity of California was augmented
to-day when Professor Leon J. Rich
ardson, who will be the dean of the
school, received a favorable reply to
the university's call from Professor
James Ward, the leading pyschologist
of Kngland. There will now be gath
ered at the university's summer ses
sion five men world-famous for their
achievements in five lines of scien
tific investigation— Professor William
Ramsay, the chemist; Professor Hugo
de Vries, the botanist; Professor Same
Arrheniua. the physicist; Professor
Jacques Loeb, the biologist, and Pro
fessor Ward, the pyschologist.
Professor Ward Is a fellow of Trinity
College and professor of mental phi
losophy' in the University of . Corn
bridge. He is recognized as the lead
ing psychologist In England to-day and
in addition to his attainments in this
particular field he has achieved emi
nence by his work on the more specu
lative side of philosophy. His writ
ings have consisted of articles in vari
ous magazines devoted to the subjects
he teaches and contributions to the
Encyclopedia Britannica.
After receiving a preliminary train-
Ing in the lesser Institutions of Eng
land; Professor "Ward studied in the
universities of Berlin and Gottingen
in Germany. His education was com
pleted at Trinity College and Univer
sity College, London, where he took
his master's degree and a gold medal
in 1874. He is a man about 60 years
of age.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. ?■*.— "The Jealous Wife"
Is to be prefented at tne Macdonough Theater
In Oakland to-morrow evening by the members
of the Mack and Dasrser Society. The cast
has been practicing for a month or more for
this picture of eighteenth century life. The
play tells the .story of 4 young woman with
many triala In "love!'. The .ambition of her
life is to escape from the lovers that other
people, including her father, want her to mar
ry. It seems that she j«pfnda most of her time
running away from these importunate ones.
Besides all this ehe excites the jealousy of Mrs.
Oakly. wlio thinks Oie vixen Is writing let
tesa to her husband, when she Is merely writ-
Ing missives to the husband's cousin with
whom ehe really Is in Iov«. -
It takes fuur acts to tell this tale of tribu
lations. Miss Eduardo Howard is the Jealous
wife, and the other members of the cast axe:
Emit Kruschke. Augustus C. Keane, J. J.
O*Connell. Frank Gillelen. Miss Talulah Le
Conte, Howard Merrill. Miss Ann Thatcher,!
Mark Daniels, Walter de Lecn, Edwin Rust.
J, A. Koford and Mis» Adriana Lesser.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley has written
a prologu* for the play and it will be spoken
by Miss Winifred Osborne.
The poster for '"The Jealous Wife," which
has Jus-t come from the press, shows a young
woma:: In the costume of the eighteenth cen
tury standing with a dagger in her hand,
though the Jealousy does not run to knives in
the play. Her eyes are covered with a black
mask, The colors are a mystical blending of
blue and white. The artist is E. L Hubbard
of the Hosklns Institute of Art.
According to the programme for Students-
Labor Day on Monday next the students will
assemble about the various buildings at 7 -45
o'clock In th« morning. At 8 o'clock the bugle
will be blown as a signal for work to begin.
At noon luncheon will be served under the
oaks and at 1 o'clock work will begin again
and continue until 5 o'clock In the afternoon
In the evening there will be a bonfire and
programme in 'he- Greek Theater.
WIFE DOES NOT WAIT
TO FORGET AND FORGIVE
Within Two Hours After She Claims
Ilusbniui Struck Her She Files
Divorce Complaint:
OAKLAND. Feb. 26.— Smarting un
der blows she says were given her by
her husband. Mrs. Anna Wilson
sought a.n attorney this morning and
within two hours after the alleged
cruelty her complaint for divorce was
filed with the County Clerk.
She alleges that she married J. E.
Wilson in Sun Francisco in 1901 and
thsit he has often .treated her cruelly
ever since. This morning, she says,
he struck her with the palm of hi3
hand, nearly knocking her down and
blacking both her eyes. She did not
wait to forget and forgive,- but sought
an nttornev. She also asks to be al
lowed to resume her maiden name.
Larsen.
. Suit for divorce was begun to-day
by. Jessie M. Pratt, who alleges that
her husband. Frank A. Pratt, has de
serted her. He is a Fruitvale real
estate agent.
Agnes W. Ipswi'tch, who began an
action for divorce a week ago against
George Ipswitch, has \ become recon
ciled to him and to-day dismissed the
proceedings.
Bertha Zellnsky and L. Zellnsky
have made up their differences and the
divorce action pending between them
has Leen dismissed.
BENEFIT IS ARRANGED
FOU HERBERT CLARK
Programme Will Be Given to Rulsc
Money in the Hope of Saving
Musician's Sight.
OAKLAND. Feb. 26. — Arrangements
for the Herbert Clark benefit to-mor
row night are complete and the suc
cess of the affair is assured. The sale
of tickets has been unprecedented,
every one showing a deep and ready
sympathy for the young man. whose
sight is - threatened. The programme
for to-morrow night is as follows:
•'Spring Song" (Geonr Henschel) Mrs Dex
ter; (a) "Legdlne" - (John W. Metealf). (b)
••Mazurka" (MivmarsVi). Miss Isabelle Feat
(ai "At Nightfall", (John W.'Metcaif) (hi
•To Anthea" (J. L.. Hatton). Lowell J. 'Red
field: - (a) poem from •"Rubaiyat" - (Arthur
Foote). (b) ■•Schenino" (Moszkowskl) Mtas
Ida L. Brooks; "The HI*h Back Chair" and
"The Blue Wool Dog" (Schuyler King). Mra.
Carrie Fros»-Snyder: (a) "Cuttln' Rushes'
(Willeby). (b) "All for You" (D"Kardelot)
Mrs. Lena Carroll Nicholson: "Sunshine and
Rain" (Lubenthal). Alfred C Read; monolorue
"Waiting for the Ring" (Tudor Jenkes) Mrs"
Carrie Frc«s-Sny<ler. '
( Miss Estelle Drummond will be the
accompanist for the evening
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA2IEDA COUOTX
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
y Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
SH» Center Street.
Telephone Nortl* 7T.
ALAMEDA.
M35 Park Street.
Telephone Eafilo 50%
DREAD CURRENT
KILLS HORSES
Fire Truck Loses Two Val
uable Animals — 3Ien of the
Crew Have a Close Call
MISHAPS OF THE STORM
Engine Collides With Wagon
and Other Vehicles Have
Trouble With a Cable Car
The lives of several firemen were
saved only by good luck last evening
v.hen the horses of truck 7 ran into a
broken telephone wire that had fallen
across the trolley wire at Seventeenth
and Bryant streets. As it was two
valuable horses were killed Instantly,
and before the grounding apparatus
could be got into use the harness was
badly burnt. Fortunately the broken
wire did not touch any of the crew cf
the truck, for the current was strong
enough to melt the brass end of the
grounding device and it would ha\e
given short shrift to any man with
whom it came in contact.
The truck had been called out from
its house on Seventeenth street, near
Folsom, by an alarm 'of fire from box
23S at Sixteenth street and Potrero ave
nue, and as it was turning into Bryant
street the hanging wire was struck in
the dark. One of the horses was caughc
by It under hia neck and fell dead with
out a sound. The second horse was
also touched by the wire, but lived for
a few seconds, making the neighbor
hood resound with his fearful cries.
The third horse was severely shocked,
but was returned to the stable without
any visible marks of injury.
Captain "William Carew, in charge vZ
the truck, at once jumped to the
ground on discovering the trouble with
the' horses and got his grounding ap
paratus In place. This ■ stopped the
current for a short time and enabled
the men to get the truck away from
the dead horses. The driver of th<*
truck, Charles Thoney, and the other
members of the crew. Lieutenant de
Meyer, Tillerman Walter Nichols anJ
Truckman M. "Wright, had great diffi
culty in preventing the live wire from
damaging the truck as well as killing
themselves, and but for the grounding
device loss of life probably would have
resulted.
"While on the way to a fire from box
2C5 yesterday forenoon a fire engini
collided with a wagon at the crossing
of Mission and Fremont streets. The
wagon was knocked into kindling wood.
Th? man in charge of the vehicle. Bl
Richard, was hurled from his seat, re
ceiving several lacerations on the head
and face.
Car No. 43 of the Sutter street line
collided at 6:20 p. m. yesterday with
two heavily laden lumber wagons at
the corner of Hyde and Sutter streetr..
The wagons were tandem with four
horses and were seen by the gripman
coming down the Hyde street hill. He
rang a warning bell, but the driver
paid no attention and attempted la
cross ahead of the car. The dummy
crashed into one of the wagons. The
dashboard and headlight of the dummy
were smashed and bent Inward, injur
ing Mose Hamburger, a passenger.
Seeks Damages for Child*** Death.
F. H. Cureer. whose 9-yyear-old
daughter Rose was killed last Novem
ber by beins run over by a team owned
by" G. W. T. Jackson. . -d a suit for
$25,000 Carnages against Jackon yes
terday. He says the cccident. which
occurred at the corner of California
street nnd Fourth avenue, was due to
the carelessness of ttle driver of the
team. ; ' , *
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHANOIHO SBNTXKSJrr.
v Oliver OcldisiitVs "Deserted Vlllare."
Goldsmith. In his "Deserted Villa**. 1 *
spoke of a certain chapel where those
who "went to scoff remained to pray."
So in life one often laughs at what he
does not understand, and later, when he
doc3 understand, his laugh turns to
praise. There were some w4»o doubted
the merits of Newbro's "Herpicide." *.he
scalp germicide and halr-dresslngr. but
since they have tried it they are now
among its best friends and strongest en-
dorsers. Herpicide kills the germ that
eat3 the hair off at the root, and the hair
then grows again. As a hair-dressing it
is Incomparable, try It. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Herpicide Co., Detroit. Mich.
Teeth Withovt Plates
Why wear a bulky plate when you
can have bridgework for the cost of
material? Natural looking and ser-
viceable appliances made with 22
karat gold by an expert and fullv
guaranteed. Artistic gold crowns and
fillings. Teeth extracted free. Grad-
uates only. Teeth cleaned free; pain-
.ess methods. Free clinic.
Week days 9 to 9; Sundays o to I.
Post-Graduate Dental College
. *" . San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Waslxlnrton Street.
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento— 407 J Stxoot.NATIVE SONS
G1VE A BALL
Stanford Parlor Celebrates
the Eighteenth Anniver
sary of Its Foundation
ATTENDANCE IS LARGE
Grand March Is Led by
the Brides of the Pres
ent and Past Presidents
The unpleasant etate of th* weather
lest nitrht did not prevent hundreds
from attending In Native Sons' Hall
the most brilliant anniversary ball
that Stanford Parlor has given In the
eighteen years of Its existence. Every
member of the parlor was In full even
ing dress, while the ladies were In
xn&grlfleent evening gowns. The dec
orations surpassed anything hereto
fore produced for this organization.
They were In Moorish design, modern
ized to make it complimentary to the
two universities of the State. The ves
tibule Tv-aa in th« colors of th« unlver
elty at Berkeley, while the ballroom
a poem In the cardinal of Stan
ford. The festoons were held at the
point of Jointure with large escutch
eons covered with Jewels of various
hues. The center piece was a mass
of Moorish lanterns of various shapes,
dependent from long cordons orna
znented with poinsettia. The stage set
ting, where the orchestra was conceal
ed, was a Moorish pavilion.
The grand march was led by Joseph
V>~. Hardiman, president of the parlor,
ecUng In the capacity of floor man
ager, who e'scorlod Mrs. Hardiman, a
bride of two months, and immediately
followed by Asslstatnt Floor Manager
John J. Van Xoptrand and his wife, a
bride of one month. The programme
v.as made ur» of sixteen numbers, and
it was 1 o'clock in the morning before
the last number was danced.
Those who had the delightful func
tion in chance were:
Floor director, Jo^rph W. Hardiman: aselst
»nt floor director. John J. Van Nostrand; flx>r
committee — A. Ji. Gianni, Thomas R. Gren
rten. if. B. A. Kugoler. Ix-o J. McMalK>n. A.
r. Schleich«r. Fred EL Stanle. Carl T. Granz.
Harry M. Kelly. «T.»rles A. Moraghan, John
M. rtattii. Robert H. Schord. David B. Torres;
(hairtrmn reception committee, William D.
1l\i\"f: reception committee— T. I. Fltzpatrick.
J. J. Urmen. William M. Maguire. A. W.
Morpensrern, Jay T. Nash. Herman R. Stet
tin Jr.. Ed L. Head. John \V. I^ewis, Henry
B. Man in. Jchn J. McCarthy, George P. Put
letlk]r a V. .?. Wrnlser.
Mr. find Mr*. J. J. Your.g H. Piercker. Miss
K\a ilulviilp. Mis* Maude Mulville, M. M.
lvi<ipe, H. Hainan. Miss C. Rlrelcher. Mrs. von
Kojf. Wjllijs H. Kck5. Miss Cecil Fenney. F.
R. Sacehorn. Mi*.« S. Purienky. Miss I^ulu
Purlenky, Judge ?.n<l Mr»=. Charles T. Cor.lan,
Mrs 1>. F. Mu!\il!». Thomas O'Callaghan.
Miss -Bertha Ruegtic. W. H. Marston. Joseph
Ebtr. Miss Ray Levy, Fred Riccomi, Miss M.
!-• w. Philip Heuer. Miff TXris Heuer. Mr?
F. E. \Vill*on. Gfo-f» Sv McOee. Miss Florenie
■Wh-'.an. I. A. McGw. Mi** Hflen Whplan,
Nathan Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. C C. O'I>on
»ie!l. H»rnai'd Pierce Lapachet. Miss Kenny,
M'.>* Alice Kenny. Hon. Thomas V. Graham.
Mr Seefe. Mr. ard MrF. Jay T. Nash, Mrs.
.1. E. Patrhet. Carl Granz. J. W. l^ee. Miss
Ldllian Le*. Miss Agcle McVerry, K. Gerzi
kovRky, Howard R Peterson. Mr. and Mi*.
tWiliam V. Wholan. Dr. M. H. Schord. Miss
M. K. hn. R tfchord. Miss Bell Hf-rzer. Mr.
and 12r»%. Charles Clark. Miss Christine Power.
John F. I-jn^han, Mifs Mulcare, Miss Ryan.
P. L,. Herder*-on. Min* Hil!. Miss Nealon. Mr.
and Mrs D. E. Itoooejr. Mrs. William T. Ry
<W. Miss Virginia Rydt r Mr. an;* IZrx. King,
Mr. and Mrs. B. O I!c?an, J. J. Hildoa. Wil
liam G. .BiUdom. Frank L.. Pohl. Miss Virginia
it. ?tack. Mr. ar.-i Mr?. William D. Hynes.
M:tt- Kitlie KavanEgh. Mrs. Wagner. Mi*s
< •hrjehu-n. ItiM Httf-.uf. Arthur H. Voight.
M-.Ff- Nor:h!ngtcn. Miss Gussie Tanforan. Mr.
and Mrs. Warren t-'tiannon. E. A. fc=mith. E.
L<~uis Kprlngfr. MiF? Anita Gerfuson.
Mis* Gertrude Springer, Ed tihafter. Miss May
Mahomy. Mrs. Elliott. Mr and Mrs. P. J.
Vcniger. Miss Lilly Tobin. Ellis Wilson. Ixrcis
Ferrari. Thomas F. Watson. Miss Rose Wat
*«-.n. Mr. and Mrn. George Habenicht. Mr. and
Mr>. H»Tiry Kuhls. J. A. Cu?sen. Miss Nellie
Corinf-r. Mr. and Mr?. .Kfpph \V. Hardiman. Miss
Arnif Keegan. Miss i*. E. Mahoney. Miss Ida
llahoney. Herman J. Cord«;s. Miss Ethel
Ord<>*. Mm. D. H. I5oy!e. T. I. "Fitzpatrick,
I>r. Frank I. Gonzal»-f, Miss C. Renard, A.
"Wiener. Miss M. Tuit». John F. Moaner. H.
P. Baustr.an. Robert E. Dollard. Miss Ger
trude Mattery. S. P. Holohan. Dr. and Mrs.
B F. Korts. Ed Moore. Miss R. Kelly. I). J.
Krillit. Miss Ethel Kelly. John R. Daniels.
Mr. end Mrs. D. A. I'urtin. Miss Bert Maher,
A. E. J. Nv«\ Alfred Bach. J. \V. Kec-gan.
Miss Edith Murdock. Mr. and Mrs. Gen-ge A.
"Uright. Miss Evelyn Curtin. Miss Ella C.
Mardonald. Charles A. Muraghan. Miss Olga.
K. Herman. Mlw» Eugenir Moraghan. Dr. and
Mrs. F. F. Knoro. Mr. and Mrs. Al P. Ja
<-obc, Mrs. T. N. Temjil». Mr. Koeh'.er. Miss
Hilda Kr.ehler, Miss I.. MolUr. Mr. and Mr*.
£. Cavil!. H. W. Wegterf"ld, Mis? IJllian
J^ufcben. "VVil'-'am P. Humphreys. H. D. Parent,
the Misses Kugeler, Mrs. Pureell. Gustave
Rietf Misn Llr.da Silver. A. J. Falvey.Mr. and
Mr*. G. Purlf-nky. Miss N. Haley. Ml?s M.
IJal^y Richard U Ingraham. Mrs. C. Pureell,
Mr "and Mrs. 1~ 8. Aitken. R. Habenicht,
Mr.' and Mr*. R. U Radk-. Mr. and Mr*. P.
Heaney. Husrh Gt-arin, Miss Grace Gearin,
Mr?. M. M. Gearin, H. G. I>ffma!i. Mips E.
V Rcardon. Miss J. Leffman, George H.
Kn<r-p Miss Mabel Forbes, H. A. Cahalan.
Mi"; Mary Miller. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Pulli
van, Ed Rusf. M!f» Mattie F<-hleef. Paul H.
Sturdivant. Miss Annie Tanntan. Mis* Grace
Kali-ton. I>r. «". J. Mogan. William M. Ma
gulre, Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Van^e. Miss Etving.
Thomas W. Hickey. Miss Mar Mulcare. Mis»
NVllie Mulcsre. Mies Grace f^h^an. Mr. and
Mrr. H. J. Cordes. E T. ONVill. Francis R.
Kane. Miss Ii*ah*-1 J. Murphy, Miss Francesca
Rogers. Jame* S. Hawkins. Mrs. James H.
Hawkins. Charles J. Kfenan. Miss Keenan,
Mlm Frances Gaughran, <'barJ»»s I. Hardiman.
Mif-.s Mae HardimBn. W'. J. Watson. Miss
luM'-t Grafs. Mis« Ethf-1 Grazer, George T.
Rrady M. r>.; Mlw Alice Fox. A. TV. Thomp
son Miss C. Kecgh, Mr. and Mrs. N. Pope.
Mr and Mr*. P. J. Martenstein. Miss Maud
MartenEtcm. Mr. and Mrs. George w. Perkins.
A. J. l^ennon. Dr. an<1 Mrs. H. Kugeler. M!**
.T. Kugfler. Mr. and Mr*. John B. Carson, H.
J Kaithoft, "Miss D. Day. Miss SullUan, Don
C McCorfl. Mis* May Smith. Dr. and Mrs.
K. P. Halsted. Mrs. William P. Rurnham,
George 5pnnger. Miss Carrie Ernst. Miss May
Springer. Or. an<1 Mri-. G«-orge P. Purlenky.
Luke J. Flyr.n, Mr. and Mrs. John Daniels,
Mit* M Marlet. Mr. *nd Mrs. F. I. Mahony.
Mr and Mis. Harry J. Mahor.y. Miss Rose
Garrity. H. G: I^ans;. Miss Mazie Crowley.
Judpe' Frsnk H. Kerrigan. Mrs. J. Mendell,
Ml-* Kerrigan. Mrs. Relle Thorne-Pevlet. Mr.
j.nd Mrs R- Mohr. Dr. A. H. Giannlnl. J. D.
Millar. J. D. Martin. Mrs. Vignola, Mr«. Mil
lar H. Donegan. H^nry F. Pemau. Mrs. C.
f. XVrnaa Mr*. M. JVraia, Walter V. Walfh.
H H L. Reid. Miss Manning. Miss M. Dag
pert. Marcus Barr. Mis* F.lFie M. Moran. Kr*d
d Reddine- Ml»* Pauline Ktanton,
Miss Aprif* Joyce, Mr. Igce.. Mis* Edmond
non. K Dancers, M!fs Titrr.srk. Charles
Wisem-ell. Mrs. Charles W'sewell. "Mif-»
yiay Laydon. David P. Torres. C. I. Chubbuck,
Miff L«-e. Mr. ?n<l Mrs. John J. McCarthy,
Mr and Mr*. Jamr« A. Laydon. Mr. Frastr.
Mis-* Frttw-r. Dr. II. Nob!e. Mrs. Noble. Dr.
find Mrs. J. P. Jaegellng. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
G Cox Fredoruk I». Boese. M!?s Efflioi Roese,
Henry S. Martin. Mr. Wright. Mies Dundon.
Mis* E. Dundon. G*»orge V. Riccomi, Mr*.
< - r-arle« Craee, Miss Meta Hugeler, W. Kldy.
ZS.rr «'. Moore. Miss N". Mate, Mm. Theodore
Author Mi«8 A'.thof. Mifs M. Althof. F. E.
Lehne-r*. Mr*. K J. Slanle, Mrs. F. E. I^ehn
»-rs Arthur W. Mrrgenstern, Mifs I.yllan Ra<1
ffird H. Francis Davis. Mr. Gordon, John F.
• Ztrnon Miss R. Careponico. Mr. and Mrs.
\V XV. Cannon. Fanfnrd G. I^ewald, Mi^s
ReVrvich, Miee Moore, Miss M. Lynch. L. A.
Stclger Mis* Potter. P. W. Meherin. Misa
r.rncvirvf Mehcrtn. Mr. and ilrs. Harry M.
K«l!" Mr. and Mri. J. O'Keefe. Miss O'Keefe.
1 \' Foster. Mrs. E<1 R. Smith. J. Emmet
Hayicn. Miss Minr:> Fay. Dr. and Mrs. W.
8' Ctieeney. Hugo Pchelm. Miss Juliet A.
liayman cL Sonntag. Dr. and Mrs. Charier
H Rrll Matt P. Game, Mi?s Myrtle G. Uo'ijt.
Mr and Mr*. William M. Newhoff. Miss Pearl
Younr. Mls« Kdna Sbaen. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel
Phaen Mr*. L. R. Coleman. Ovaries F. Hoey.
T"»r. and Mrs. H. . M. Nlxkol!s. Pr. Maude
Noble, K. Martens. Reach Dean. Jurtge and
Mr* J. J. v *n No*tran<J, Mr. and Mrs. A.
R Ambjer. P r . Moberst and wife. Mr. and
Mrs H IJ- Nitholf, J. M. Campodonieo.
>Ir ' and Mrs. John G. T,uhben. Mi^s.
A»rc» Lidbben. Mr and Mrs. 2. F-
LlrdFtrcns. Ha-ry ■vTood Brown. Herbert
'"hornskl. Miss Rodmrns. Mr. and Jlrf. G<*orge
V.' FiFcher. Mr. anH Mr*. Robert R. Rur*.
Geor£e Filnser, B. Mlnner. ilits A. Mlnner.
NOTABLES TALK
OF THE FUTURE
Prominent Men Sing State's
Praise at Banquet of Stock
ton's Chamber of Commerce
THE GOVERNOR SPEAKS
The Toast, "California," Is
Responded To in Eloquent
Force by State's Executive
Spec!*] Dlf ratch to Tb» Call.
STOCKTON. Feb. 26. — The third
annual banquet of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce took place this
evening in Masonic Hall and it proved
to be a success from every viewpoint.
Covers were laid for 400, and when
Toastmaster Arthur H. Ashley called
for order at S:30 most of the ticket
holders were in their places. The In
clement weather failed to put the
slightest damper on the affair. Gov
ernor George C. Pardee was an hon
ored gruest and Rufus P. Jennings
came in for cloae attention when he
spoke to his toast The boom spirit
was In evidence even on the pro
gramme and menu, one page of which
set forth in terse form an outline of
the work accomplished since the last
gathering of the members and their
friends.
It may be stated that the secre
tary's report to-night showed a mem
bership of 4 90. The large company
did ample Justice to the menu and
were in excellent humor when the
speaking began, shortly after 9
o'clock. Secretary Colvin Brown re
viewed the last year's work in a short
nddrees and was followed by De Witt
Clary, who gave an eloquent portrayal
of the future possibilities of this sec
tion.
THE GOVERNOR'S SPEECH.
The speech of the evening was by
Governor Pardee. who was in a happy
vein and as he warmed to his subject.
"California," his intense spirit touched
the chords of eloquence and evoked
the hearty applause of his enthusias
tic auditors. The Governor said irt
part:
I come to you to-nicht to «>xt*nd the hand
of h»*arty fellowship; to rejoice with you t° r
what has already been accomplished for the
upbuilding of this mafnlflcent section and
to Join with you in mapping out lines on
which future conquests will be successfully
fought. V.'e of California stand on the thres
hoM of fcreat thin(rc Nearly 300 years agro
Hishop Berkeley Rave utterance to the great
truism that "Westward the course of empire
t«k»s its way." The scepter of power and
(rre»tne»<« hud centuries before passed from
Haliylon to Egypt, from Egypt to Greece, from
Greece to Rome, from Rome to Madrid and
Amsterdam, thence to England and now, fol
lowing the course r>f empire, it ha* come to
America, resting now on the Atlantic, but
soon to ccme to the shores of the Pacific,
where it may look out toward the distant
lands where one-half of the people in the
world are soon to be touched by the magic
hand of civilization. To us ere long the
scepter i>f power must come. Upon this mag
nificent Fiate 800 miles long and 25<> miles
wide, with its millions of acres of fertile soil,
overcast by a climate as fair as that of Italy,
with counties as large as some Eastern State*
and resources of infinite magnitude, will fall
the leadership of our great land.
It has been Raid. "Go to Naples and die."
1 will give better advice oy saying. "Come
to California and live." I-*t the homeseeker
make his domicile here, where he may have
no tear of winter's storms or of summer's
heat; where sky and soil and all nature con
spile to make every minute of life mean com
fort and happiness. I>"t the homeseeker come
here, where he can work every month in the
year and experience the real joys of living. I
fancy 1 ha\e seen some of the world,-: but in
all its broad expanse there is no spot so good,
e<> dear, so glorious as California.
CALIFORNIA AN EMPIRE.
Thry *ay California is young, yet over there
in the Sierras stand those magnificent trees,
Filent watchers over the rise and fail of na
tions, trees that were aged by centuries when
Moses livtd und when the pyramids were
raised by the slaves of Egypt. Magnificence
and magnitude If found in (he Tosemite. Our
mountains are covered with glorious timbers
and filled with precious metals. Our valleys
are empires: here, the Han Joaquin, 600 miles
long from Reading to Bakersfield and capable
of supporting JO.OOo.OuO population. Our moun
tain streams contain the elements of cheap
power and our oil wells are still farther solv
ing tho problem. The State is awakening to
her magnificent possibilities. It stands to-day
in an attitude of preparation for the very near
day when the star of empire shall rest upon it.
Rufus P. Jennings followed the
Governor, making some remarks very
complimentary to the chamber in re
sponse to the toast, "Stockton's Place
Among the State's Promoters." To
Hon. James A. Louttit fell the closing
toast, "The Ladies."
Governor Pardee arrived here early
to-day and spent some time in an in
spection of the State asylum and later
visited the Chamber of Commerce,
where he remained some time.
REINSTATE DRIVER DURFEE
AND MARE SWEET MARIE
Man and Horse Ruled Off at Oregon
State Fair Are Considered Suf
ficiently Punished:
The Pacific Coast representatives of
the National Trotting Association sat
as a board of review last night at the
Palace Hotel and considered the case
of Driver Charle> Durfee and the mare
Sweet Marie. They were ruled off
last year at the Oregon State Fair, it
being alleged Durfee pulled the mare.
After a long debate in which Rob
ert Leighton. who was in the Judges'
stand at the fair, and others took part,
it was decided to reinstate both
the driver and the mare, as it was
thought they had been sufficiently
punished. A. B. Spreckels #nd John
C. Kirkpatrick represented the Na
tional Trotting Association.
Let us fit your hand to a Waterman,
Hegal or Marshall fountain pen. Price
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. •.: .
Mr* MinnT. Miss Belle Brooks. Mrs. Brook*.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Hufschmidt. MUs Millie
Hinder, T. McGovern. Miss Marie Hennessy.
rt. <Jrennan, Fred H. Stanlr. Mies Ada Renncr.
Mr. and MrK. John C. Kortick. Mrs. Gus
Dewey. A. G. Walker. MUs Vera Anderson,
I>r. \V E. Schord. Miss Anna I... O'Reilly.
MIes Clara M. Schcrd. Miss Fahey, J. V.
rooney. H. R. Stettin Jr.. Mies Frieda Stettin.
Mn«. H. Stettin. Miss B. tniaplaln. MIm r.
McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Fuller. Mrs. Ed
\. Head Mrs. Louise E. Mcllenry, Ed L.
}Jead. Mrs. T. Hayden, Miys Marie Hayden,
Miss Sadie Hayden, A. F. Schleicher. Mrs. O.
Poehlmann. J. M. Ratto. Mi«s Lena Outsen,
MiKi?es Genevieve and Xellie Keegan, Mrs!
Ketgan, Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Thomas. Mr.
and Mrs. A. F. William*, Mies Edna Thode,
MIfs Danne. Mr. and lire. H. A. Ernst. Mrs.
O'Brien MIs« Grace Weleh. Mrs. R. Miller,"
Master F. Miller, Dr. R. Miller. Mrs. A. C.
Mayhew. Ml«i Dorothea Newhquse, Bruce
l^arso, Miss Edna Habn, Mre. Edwffrd Drugan,
Miss Amy A. Head. A. B. Thompson, S. H.
KriedUnder. Mr. Coles, Miss Ico. A. G. Ffsch.
beck, Mrs. H. E. Fischbeck, Thcmas P. Grer
eon. Miss Murray. D. J. V. O'Brien, Frank A.
Cavasnare. Robert McDonald. Miss Glcason,
l^ewis F. Byinnton. John Beatty. Mr. and Mrs.
L. A Kelly. »V. A. J. Knox. M. Delly. Wil-
Jlatn Enriitht. Mi-s. M. Enripht. Miss Julia En
right E. C. Stock. John Percher, Mrs. Porcher
and A. J. Bauer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
DEATH CALLS
HIM AS LIFE'S
WORK BEGINS
SON OF OAKLAND EDITOR
WHO PASSED AWAY YES
TERDAY MORNING.
William E. Dargie Jr.
Passes Away at His
Oakland Home.
OAKLAND, Feb. 26. — "William E.
Dargie Jr., the only son of William E.
Dargie, proprietor of the Oakland
Tribune and one of the best known
editors in the State, died at his home,
on Lake Shore avenue, this morning
about 9 o'clock. While his death was
not unexpected, it came as a great
shock to his many friends and family.
The young man had been failing for
nearly a year; but, despite his weak
ness, there was always the 'lingering
hope that the winter might be survived
and that with spring would come re
covery.
The passing of the young man was
particularly sad, for he had only cele
brated his twenty-first birthday anni
versary on December 27 last, and he
had just stopped over the threshold
into manhood.
The young man was born in Oakland
and was educated in the schools of this
city. He was a graduate of Miss Hor
ton's private school and of Boone's
Academy, in Berkeley, and was Just
preparing to enter the University of
California to complete his education
when death called him. In his studies
he showed remarkable abilty and won
the highest credits.
In the interval between his graduation
from the Oakland private school and
his entrance into Boone's Academy he
was assistant secretary of the Califor
nia Paris World's Fair Commission.
Though a young man, scarcely more
than a boy, young Dargie showed rare
tact and' ability. Already popular, he
made for himself many additional
friends among the visitors to the ex
position, to whom he showed the great
est courtesy and kindness.
. The death of the young man is a
great blow to his parents, who were de
voted to him, and to a large circle of
friends in all parts of the State.
The funeral probably will be held on
Monday.
JOHN' MOYXAHAX IS DEAD.
Discoverer of Celebrities Passes Away
in Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 26. — Colo
nel John Moynahan, actor, manager
and discoverer of theatrical celebri
ties, is dead. Moynahan originated
the idea of putting prize fighters on
the stage. With Pat Sheedy to back
the enterprises, he managed John L.
Sullivan when the latter was in his
prime. He discovered Mclntyre and
Heath, who are now making great
hits in vaudeville, when they were
stags hands and put them before au
diences. He was the only man who
ever introduced a prize fighter to the
President of the United States. Under
his guidance Sullivan met Grover
Cleveland and Mrs. Cleveland in the
Blue Room of the White House short
ly after the President's marriage.
Colonel Moynahan died at the City-
Hospital after a brief illness of ery
sypelas. Many of his friends did not
even know that he was ill. In Omaha
fifteen years ago he and his- brother
Andy were political forces who al
most, if not entirely, ruled the town.
There it was that he met Bryan, then
in obscurity, and nominated him for
the first office to which the Nebraskan
was ever elected.
M. \V. UTTLEFIELD IS DEAD.
lie Was Prominent in Business and
Well Known as a Politician.
A dispatch from Portland yesterday
announced the death there of Myron
Winslow Littlefield, a well-known
business man of this city, who suc
cumbed after a brief illness from
hemorrhage of the lungs induced by
exposure while on a business trip to
the Oregon lumber districts.
Myron Winslow Littlefield was born
in Newton, Mass., January 6, 1857. He
was a direct descendant of Governor
Winslow, the first Governor of Massa
chutts, and a nephew of the late D. J.
Staples, well known In Insurance cir
cles of this city. His father, Elliott
Littlefleld, enlisted in the civil war In
Company G, First Massachusetts Cav
alry, and was captured and died in
Andersonville prison. •
The son was brought to this city by
his mother when a boy and obtained
his education in the public schools
here. He joined Company F, Second
Regiment; California National Guard,
under Colonel Smedberg, and served
the full enlistment period.
Mr. Littlefield was an ardent and
active Republican, having been a dele
gate to many of the city and State con
ventions, and was the working secre
tary.of the Republican County Com
mittee 'during the Blaine campaign.
WARDRIP PAYS
THE PENALTY
Sacramento Murderer and
Burglar Dies Gamely on
the Scaffold at San Quentin
EXECUTION A SUCCESS
Within Three Minutes After
Condemned Man Left Death
Chamber He Was Dead
SAN QUENTIN, Feb. 26.— Charles
Wardrip was hanged this morning in
the prison execution chamber. Only
about thirty spectators were present.
The execution was one of the most sat
isfactory ever undertaken here. Just
three minutes elapsed from the time the
guards strapped Wardip in the death
chamber until the dropped. The pro
cession left the death chamber at 10:35
o'clock, and at 10:38 the trap was
dropped. Wardrip fell five feet eight
inches. At 10:39:45 Dr. P. F. Casey pro
nounced j life extinct. The neck was
broken in the fall, but it was some
minutes before the heart stopped. "War
drip was anxious to . meet de'ath and
was game to the last. He mounted the
scaffold unassisted. Night Guards Mer
ritt and Chiles marched on either side
of him. As he reached the trap he
gazed down upon the spectators and
then up at the dangling noose and
smiled. He said nothing, however.
Hangman Arbogast adjusted the noose,
the sign was given by Warden Tomp
kins and the prisoner expiated his
crime.
"Wardrip was taken into the death
chamber last Saturday night. Since his
incarceration he 'has talked very little.
Yesterday when- Warden Tompkins
asked him if he wished to waive the
reading of the death warrant, he re
plied that he wanted all that was com
ing to him. This morning Wardrip told
Captain Swan he was anxious to have
It ajl over with.
P. H. Duffy, brother of the murdered
man, was present to-day and was much
affected by the execution. Just after
the drop Duffy fainted and had to be
carried out of the room.
To-day the second one in the Ward
rip family died upon the scaffold. The
first was a brother, who was executed
several years ago in a Kentucky
prison. The Wardrips originally came
from Kentucky. £ven though Ward
rip had many bad characteristics and
was indifferent to his own fate, yet he
evinced a noble trait in shielding a
friend from harm. With his death
also goes a secret and that was con
cerning one who was his accomplice
in crime.
Two years has elapsed and every ef
fort has been made to require him to
divulge the name of the accessory, but
the identity of the criminal is un
known. Wardrip went to his death
with his lips sealed. Just before the
condemned man entered the execution
chamber he told one of the prison at
taches, "I killed Duffy to save the
Kid. They neverlfound out who the
'Kid* was. I never would tell. . In "a
few minutes I die. The secret goes
with me."
On March 17. 1902. when the crime
was committed, a young boy acted as
lookout for Wardrip while he broke
into the Bartel home in Sacramento.
When Duffy approached the "Kid"
warned the burglar. Duffy entered
the residence and was killed. Later
Wardrip, in speaking of his crime,
stated that he had to^kill Duffy or the
"Kid" would be known, and he had
promised the lad that, come what
may, he would protect him. Suspicion
rested upon the son of one 1 of Sacra
mento's most wealthy citizens, but no
tangible evidence could be procured
and no arrest . was made. Wardrip
would not tell and the police have
never found out.
REWARDS ARE DISTRIBUTED.
Men Who Assisted in Capture of Des
perate Criminals Compensated.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 26. — The
State Board of Examiners has ordered
that the $500 reward offered for the
capture and conviction of Charles
Wardrip, who was hanged at San
Quentin to-day, be divided between
Dr. Maier of Salt Lake City and Carl
Dalberg, a former companion of War
drip. Dr. Maier receiving $400 and
Dalberg $100.
The board has also ordered that the
$550 reward offered for the capture of
Albert Seavis, the negro convict who
escaped from Folsom prison last July,
be divided equally among Engineer
Ed Waters and Brakemen Harry
Gibbs and a. N. Hair, on whose train
the escape rode from Roseville to Au
burn. The men. mentioned gave the
information which led to Seavis* cap
ture by Sheriff Keena. Keena de
clined to make any claims for the re
ward. •
Do you like a nice, smooth coffee?
Drink Hills Bros.* Arabian Roast. •
i
He was a clerk in the Legislature of
1S84 and served as clerk of the Com
mittee on Chinese Immigration. Sub
sequently he was a deputy in the Sec
retary, of State's office in Sacramento
under u. H. Brown. He was well
known throughout the Mission, where
he resided for more than twenty years,
and was candidate for the Assembly
in the Thirty-sixth District in 1892.
The funeral will be held on Sunday
at 10:30 o'clock from the undertaking
parlors at Mission and Twenty-third
streets«under the direction of the Red
Men.
The remains will be cremated at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Mr. Littlefield leaves a wife and one
brother, Elliott, Littlefield, residing in
this city. 'i'S4Jii
FREE, FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE GLOW NIGHT LAMP,
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for bedrooms, sick
chambers, halls, nurseries, bath-
rooms, staircases, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
' A WANT AD. IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
GOLFERS ROOTED
BY CAVALRYMEN
Grassy Links at Presidio
Are Eipped Up by Uncle
Sam's Prancing Troopers
WILL SEEK NEW FIELDS
Club Members Hope to Find
Recreation Ground in Vi
cinity of Ingleside Track
There Is sadness in the heart of th«
San Francisco golfer to-day. The link*
so dear to his eye have been ruthlessly
trod upon by ; the . iron-shod hoof*
of the steeds of war. Hazards hav«
been made there that all the steam
rolling machines in the country could
not efface. . •
The beautiful grounds on the Pr«
sidio Heights that have been such a
source of joy and keen delight to the
golfer are now a thing of the past.
The ground is still there, but that
clean-cut, smooth sward of Kentucky
blue grass is now so full of deep laid
furrows and haphazard hazards that
the bunkers pale into insignificance be
side them.
And all this has been occasioned by
the prancing and caperings of. Uncle
yarn's sturdy warhorses. For ! some
time past it has been evident that the
grounds must be utilized for drilling
purposes, but the members of the golf
club hardly expected that the Govern
ment would take the initiative so soon
and order the annual Inspection of the
troopers, which took place yesterday,
held' upon their sacred grounds.
They were greatly distressed last
night when they saw the condition the
links were in. Coach Robert Johnstone
stated that it would be utterly impos
sible to play any kind of a game on
them in the condition they are In now,
and he added it would cost a lot of
money to put them in proper shape
again.
. The value of the property on which
the clubhouse stands has greatly en
hanced since it was purchased, and
this will in a measure compensate for
the loss on the outlay in fixing up the
links.
The club has in a measure. somewhat
prepared itself for such a contingency,
and it Is rumored it has already made
negotiations for the Lake Merced
Tract of the Spring Valley Water
Works, near Ingleside.
FALLS FROM - A CAR AND
IS CRUSHED TO DEATH
C. B. Marsh, a Southern Pacific Car
Sealer, Is Accidentally Killed
at Tracy.
STOCKTON, Feb. 26.— C. B. Marsh, a
car sealer in the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company at Tracy, was
killed at that place this evening by a
train. In walking on a ftatcar, which
was wet, he slipped and fell between
the cars. He was Instantly killed and
his body ground to pieces. His son, a
switchman at Tracy, was working on
the train. Marsh was an. old railroad
employe and was very popular. His
remains were brought here to-night. F.
P. Marsh, a brother of the deceased, is
roadmaster on the Southern Pacific at
■Stockton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand I
Walter Bakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & Go. Ltd.
Established i7go Dorchester, Mass.
RAILWAY
HCAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Perry.
Kuburhan Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Krt an from^an Francisco Dally 7:U«. 8:0O.
9:00. 10:00, UsW.«3Bt^l*«V:'»;«.»-»»i^jMj
B-lfi tf-16 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
B FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN r FRANCISCO
n»ily 5-25 «:35. 7:40, 8:35, 0:35, 11:05 a.
m.7 12:20. 1 US. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8 FROM^inLL' VALLEY TO SAN FBAN-
ri SC§-Dallv; 5:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:55. 8:55.
11-20 am. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:05.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
• THROUGH TRAINS. ; .f
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales and \lay stations.
3:15 p. m. -Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.' ■- r \
TICKET OFFICI3 — 626 Market st.
I FERRY— Union DeDOt. foot of Market »U .
"AD VEBTISEJIEHTS. -£>. :
S 0^// A MLLLJON ROMPING, ROY-H
ft J^P^^Sn^j^' STERINQ AMERICAN BOYS, \ 0
H fWSr the th&t eat too much pi©
H i& 'Mm whenever they get a chance,
a 4EK «k M«Bra Itcow that there's a sweet little
N &-i m-S* mBBb fraerrant niedicine tablet — a
Eg xTr \^ "** JP^SF pleasure to eat It — that cures
gj l iMiiii'T N *jtfr that torture of childhood —
H >^^>- jp» / SMAIJj BOYS' COLIC. Some-
II v&tSSS&r' times tho little ffirls gret it too
In mS^~^ ' ' jjjj thartic, the perfect bow^el and
H .^f^ \^W ' liver medicino and preventive
,8 <4nteJ&Z^*^ of childhood'a ailments, keep
fl tfmf^^'^ffSPiUftPS^'^ tl10 children's stomachs and
J jdfi^BHSBPBgS^ ' systems always in perfectly
9 / healthy condition- Wisemoth-
3 * ■^^*m^^<^BRvPKm era & l wa y a teep a box handy in
m C*^92Sm the house. All drugrgiata, 10c,
Q WbWe. \^ 25 C 6Oc. Bo sure you gret the
1 y^^ffl^b) Ar genuine — each tablet marked
1 /tVMBr/t\T A & OOO. Sample and booklet
W I ¥/f\ U "**•* STERLING REMEDY CO.,
g /Jr mTfmmi \ Chloaffo or New York.
I >^^^CANDY CATHARTlC^i^^
1 ANNUAL SALE— TEN MILLION POXES
\^ Greatest In the World «l
BATXWAY TBAVEI*.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual epportnnltles for, an
economical and satisfactory journsy to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties' leave
San Francisco every Wednesday.
Thursday. Friday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes\
For full information apply ta er address I
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK,
General Agent. Ccn'l Ajeat Pw'r D«pt.,
Chicago & North. Western Ry. Union Psd&c R. R. <
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
j °'® PICTO«* X * V
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 *• m, throngrh in 3 days,
with diner and all trapping*!.
Other Santa re Trains]
7:00 a. m.| for Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
»:d0 a. m. V Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
0:00 d. m. J
4:C0 d. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicaro.
TICKET OFPXCSS — C41 Market St, and
Terry Depot, S. P. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St n
■ San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISUO ANu NORTH PAClFIfl
BAXZ.'WAT COMPA2TT.
Tlburon Perry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:aO. U:00. 11 :W a. m. ; 1^:35.
3:30, 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:20 d. in.
Saturdays*— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. «:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. B:W>. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAJ3X. TO SAN PBANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05, 7 :.«. ":«», U:2V, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ■
Leave I In -Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I Destina- I Sun- | Week
Dayg. I days. ) tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a| 8:40 a
U:30a Ignaclo. - 10:40al0:2Oa
3:30 p 3::«)p • 6:05 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:l»>p 7:35 p
7:30a I 0:10 a| 8:40a
8:00a N'ovato. |10:40 a|10:2U a
3:3Op 9:30a I'etaluma 6:05 p «:20p
5:10 p 3:30p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. • -
7:30al 10:40 a 10:2rta
l«:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p ■■
" Windsor. | '
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur<. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton, ', r''\
3:30 p[ 3:30 p Geyeerville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
' Cloverdale. • .
7:30 a S:0Oa Hopland 10:40 a 10:20a
3:30 p 3:3Op ■ and Ukiah. 7:35 p, 6:20 p
7:3Oa|8:OOal WUlits. |7:35p[6:2Op
7:30 a| 8:00 a I 110:40 a'10:20 a
3:30 p|'3:30 p[ Cuerneville. |'7:85 p[ 6:20 p :
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a ,
5:10 -p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen. j 6:05 p! 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0O a! " " 110:40 a'Io:20 .1
3:3o p| 3:3Op] Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa . for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G<»y-
bervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Uooneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's,
BuckncIIs, Sanhedrin Heights. UullviUe. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
■\Vestport. Usal; at WUIits for Fort Brag*.
AVestport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
ville, Cummins-". Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-.
duefcd rates.
On Sunday rcund-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half • rates. . ■.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
f / •uM*ir U Tr»lnil««Tiind»H
MMntiiumil
I . f JWOTts y . I due. to •rrt »• At
V<*\j||£xW SAN FRANCISCO.
\^ r- * <f y (Mila Lln«. F«tt De?a\
V^*^ Foot of Market Street.)
UtTt — Feom Fibbcaiit 17. 1W. — aimti*
" 7.00* V«c«TllIe. Wlawr*. Kumtey 7.60?'
7.00*. Benld*. SaUan. Elmlrm »ad 8*cr«-
meoco 7-2Q?
7.30a Vallejo. Naps. C»!Utog». SaaU
Koaa. Martinez. t**n Ramon t.ZOr
7.50a Ullea. LtTCTmoTe, Tracr. Lataroa.
Stockton 7.20*
8.00a Shasta Exprets— (VI* Darts),
wiijjam* (for Bartlett Spring*),
WUIewa. + Frnto. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-80>
8 00* DariB. Woodland. Knljthta Landing.
MarytTllle. Oro»llle 7.50*
8 30* Port Coita. Martinez. Antloeh,
Byron, Tracr. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banos. M e n d o t a,
Ansona, Hanford. VI sal la.
Porterrinn 4.20*
S-SO* Port Costa. Martlnex. Tracr. Latn-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
6osnen Junction. II an ford.
Vtsnila. Dakersfleld 4 50j
8-30* Ktles. San Jose. Llrennore. Stock-
ton. (♦Milton). Ion-. Sacramento,
Plaeerrtlle, MarysrUle. Cntco,
Bed Bluff 4-2OT
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
nora. Tuolumn-? and Aagels 4-20?
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogdenund Esit. 11.20*
8.30* Richmond. Martinez and Way
8t*tfons S.SOp
1000a The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Dearer. Omaha. Chicago. « 20*
1000* Vallejo 12.20*
10.00a Los Anfte!*s Pa»*eng?r — Port
Costa. Martlner. Byron, Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
IUrmoad. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersfleld. Los Anuelea 7-20*
12.00m Hayward. Ntlra and Way Stations. 3-2Or
t1-00i> Sacramento Hirer Steamers tliOOr
330* Benlda. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landtntr.
MarysrUle. Ororllle and way
•tatlona 10-30*
9.30r Ilaywarrt.XllesandWay Stations.. /-OOP
3.30* Von Costa. Martlne*. Byron.
Tra-T. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cotta 12.20*
3.30* Martinez, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20*
4. CO* Martlnrz.San Kamnn.ValleJo.Xaas,
Callstoga, Santa Ilosa 9 20*
4.00* Ulles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4 20*
4.30* Hay ward. Nlles, Irrlngton. Saa » 18.50 a
Jose. Ltrermore 1 111.50*
6.00* The Owl Limited— Newmsn. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare,
BakersOeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to hot Angeles, for Chi-
cago, rla C. K. I. A P 860*
6.00* Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 20*
16.30* Hay ward. Nllet and San Jose ..... 7.20*
600* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 bO*
6-OOr Easter* Express— Ogden. Denver.
Oinans, St. Louts. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcta. Sul-
sun. Elmtra, Darls. Sacramento^
. Kockltn. Aabnrn. Colfax,
Truckee. Boca. Keno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca 820*
S.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday. ... t 7 •.._
700* Vallejo. Sunday only f ' >our
7.00* Klcnmond. Han Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Wax Stations 11.20*
8.06* Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.50a
8.10* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (Son-
dayonly) 11.60*
COAST LINE ls»rw «»uge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. Ceaterrllle. San Joss.
Felton. Bonlaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8-65*
t2.15* Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos, Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations fJO 55 »
4-15* Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos and) t8.6S *
way stations (210 65*
«9 30r Hnnters Train. Saturday only. San ■
Jose and Way Stations. Ketarn-
Ing from Los Gatos Sunday only. t7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 5 AN FltAN CISCO, rout of Market St. (Slip ♦>
—1?:13 •:U) 11:00 a Ji. 1.00 300 515 r.»
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 0:H9
t8:03 10: OO a.m. 12-00 200 4 00 *■»■
COAST LI N E (Broad ««»*•>.
fW (Third and TowTmend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8.30*
700a Ssn Jose and Way Stations 638*
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Fr!d., only). 4.10*
8 00* The Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hollta-
ter). Pajaro. Caatrorllle (con*
nectton to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
gartt^. San Lais Oblspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara.9an Boena-
rentnra, Saugus. Los Angeles. .. 10.45*
8. CO* B*i Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
dantaCruz.PaeiflcGrore.Sallnaa.
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 413*
1840a Can Jose and Way Stations.... 1.20*
1140* Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
140* San Jose and Way Buttons 836*
8X0* Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connecta at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllstcr. Tres
PInoa. at Castrorllle forSallnaa. 1215*
8-30* Tres Plnos War Passenger 10-45*
4-30* San Jose and Way Stations 18-00-*
tSOOr San Jose, (rl* SanU Clara) Loa
Gatoa. and Principal Way St*-
. Uons (except Sunday) +3 00*
{5-30* EanJoseandPrinclpalWayStatlons 13.40*
6. 10* Sanset Limited.— Ked wood. San
Jose.GUroy.Sallnas.PaaoKobleiw ■',*: '
Ban Lnls Oblspo. SanU Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. El Paso,
New Orleans." New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Caxtrorill* . for Paelno
Grore and Way Stations 7-19*
t6-16* CanMateo.BeresfonI.Belmont.San
Carlee. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto r8.4S*
6 30* San Jose and Way Station*. 8 33*
800* Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.18*
1140* booth San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bar-
lingame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-45*
•11.30* Jlayneld. Mountain View. Sonny-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose t3-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted, t Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
I Stops at all station* on 8and*y.
tVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. sonthbo«a4
• r*«:10 *j*.,7:0CU.*, ll:30*j«..3:aOr.M-,i:30*^.aail
•;»*.*
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
* Leave Th SnxaUte Twtj I Arrive •
S— Fraacbc* tmt sf Marks* 8k San Francisco
Week Sa»- mn Sa»- I Week'
Days, days jjWgSJ*>y dayi Day^.
«1M01*8:OOa KSUttSma 13:0ft* t0:40l
•V.45* »:00a WMuBSMW 1:»5* %:5Ot
5:15* 10:00a VSS&f »:«O* 5:50*
11:OOa XjSgSy *:S»* »«»•»
— -. l:4Sp Wy *:fr .
Tl ).»-m. «r T;BQ*. ..
•iMwiwMirt^ttjr * 1se»ea«^ai»w8t
'nCOI l«aSMAjmxTST^(NoitaShor*R4ilix»4»^
IH0I I>j^SJua*JUToPsuT.F«akAfaxkBt»t
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Ho:l' Xoturc 'Acts.
BY W. I*. C. IvATSON. M. P.
(Editor Health Culture Magazine. New York.)
<Coryii£ht. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
"Self-preservation is the first law of
nature," and in the workings of the
human body this invariable tendency
to self-preservation initiates and dom
inates every one of the body's myriad
activities. A cough, for instance, is
merely a blast of air forcibly expelled
from the lungs for the purpose of dis
lodging either an accumulation of
mucus or some foreign body that has
found it.^ way into the upper air pass
ages.
Now, a cough seems a very trifling
act. but were it not for the cough
which carries out with it the mucus
or the foreign substance, the result
would be grave injury to the body, if
rot death. It sometimes happens that
through injury the nervous path from
brain to lungs is broken, or the nerves
leading from lungs to brain may cease
to acU In such a case either the for
eign substance is not discovered or if
discovered there is inability to cough
It away. This condition always ends
fatally. Secretions and foreign sub-
Btanees which enter the lungs or air
passages accumulate until the func
tions of the lungs are destroyed either
by being clogged up or by inflamma
tion. It has happened that a man at
tempting suicide by cutting his throat
has made the mistake of cutting too
high up under the jaw and has suc
ceeded only in dividing two of the
nerve? leading to the lungs. A man in
this condition will live for several
days. He will finally die of suffocation
or of lung inflammation due to for
eign matter.
Rut how, it will be asked, can a
yawn or a sigh be considered as a
means of self-preservation, that is of
giving better conditions for life and
health ? Let us <onsid<*r first a yawn.
We know that in sle^p or in a state,
of drowsiness ail the vital operations
flow down. The heart beats more
slowly, the lungs take in less oxygen,
the blood settles around the internal
organs, while the stomach, liver and
other members all do less work than
would be required for ordinary active
waking life. Now if, after a period
of such drowsiness, or of sleep, the
person rouses himself even to a slight
degree instantly the're is an aded de
mand for energy. To support this en
ergy the body needs" more oxygen and
more blood. How can this be ob
tained most quickly? Why by a deep,
full and slow inspiration and at the
same time by such a stretching of all
the muscles, arms. legs, trunk, neck,
even of the jaws, that the blood shall
be drawn from its comparative stag
nation around the internal organs to
the muscles. 80, among all the higher
mammals, as well as among children
and people of primitive habits, the
yawn and the stretch are instinctive
acts leading to relief from that vital
slowing down' which accompanies
sleep or drowsiness.
Now, the sigh in some respects re
sembles the yawn. When one concen
trates the mind firmly on some problem
there is more or less tension of all the
muscles. If the situation involves un
pleasantness or worry there is gener
ally motion of some kind — drumming
with the fingers, fumbling or other
movements. Body, then, as well as
mind, is extremely active. But if the
mind, instead of being concentrated, is
merely contemplative, as in reverie
thinking of one leved or of one dead or
of any other great joy or grief— then
there is quite a different state of the
muscular system. The muscles of the
limbs are not tensed, and there is little
or no disturbance of the circulation.
There is, however, in all contemplation,
reverie, grief, sadness or meditation a
tendency to fixation of the muscles of
the chest— that is. to hold the breath.
The writer has observed a woman deep
ly immersed in grief over the death of
a child who in the course of one min
ute stopped breathing twice, once for
twelve and once for eight seconds.
Then she sighed heavily. Why the sigh?
Because the holding of the breath
meant a diminution in the supply of
oxygen, which after a time caused op
pression and distress. The sigh was sim
ply a long. deep, effortless breath, the
object of which was to make up for
the deficient breathing of reverie or
contemplation.
Snoring and hiccoughing often give
rise to questions as to their causes. The
former of these, snoring, usually occurs
during sleep. The sound is produced
by the flapping together of the soft
tissues of the throat. The soft palate
must have fallen back so as to nearly
or quite close the posterior nasal ori
fices which lead from the nostrils into
the throat. At the same time the base
of the tongue must have fallen back so
as to leave only a small opening between
itself and the soft palate above. Under
these circumstances the air passing
back and forth causes a flapping mo
tion of these pendulous soft parts, and
this produces the snore. A very slight
change of movement will cause a shift
ing of the structures and a stoppage or
alteration of the sound. The so-called
"death rattle," a peculiar sound fre
quently heard just before death, Is
merely a modification of the snore. The
"death rattle." like the snore, is caused
by the flapping of the soft structures
in the throat. The greater relaxation,
however, due to muscular weakness,
and the quickened, shallow breathing
jrive to the sound emitted a 6h*arper,
quicker quality.
Closely allied to the snore and the
"death rattle" is the groan. The groan
differs from the snore in the fact that
under the influence of pain there is pro
duced a more general muscular effort,
and that the vocal cords are Involved.
Like the snore, the groan is made with
full inhalations and exhalations of
the breath. sV ; ";
Hiccough Is merely a nervous spas
modic contraction of. the diaphragm,
which passes downward so suddenly
and violently as to cause a quick, in
voluntary intake ot breath. Hiccough,
like tremor, chill or other nervous
twitching, may result from any one of
a variety of conditions. Exhaustion,
excitement, overfeeding, alcoholic stim
ulation or exposure to cold may lead to
hiccough. Although usually a disturb
ance of little moment, hiccough is occa
sionally so prolonged .that through fa
tigue and fright serious consequences
may ensue. Usually, however, a hold
ing of the breath for a few moments
will result In a cessation of the hic
cough. In severe cases the administra
tion of an- anesthetic is sometimes
necessary.
"About Asbestos.
BY MALCOLM McDOWELL.
(Author •'ShoD Talk on Wonders of the
Crafts.")
(Copyright, 1804, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Asbestos, one of the most wonderful
of substances dug out of the earth, has
been much In the public eye since the
Iroquois Theater disaster. Now, It is
reported, the bulk of the world's sup
ply for many years to come has been
secured by the Standard Oil Interests
for the purpose of making fireproof
"timber" and tunnel sheathing.
The supply of asbestos is limited.
Most of it comes from Canada, and it
is found in Oregon, Idaho, California
and other Western States. It also is
mined In the Italian Alps, whence
most of the supply came before it was
discovered in Canada. But, except in
the later country, the veins of the
greasy-feeling, silky-like fibrous stuff
are too thin to be worked with profit,
for the problem of mining asbestos is
found in the disposition of the foreign
matter in which the asbestos is en
tombed. In the Canadian mines only
about 4 per cent of the material quar
ried is asbestos; the rest is made up of
rock and other refuse.
Asbesrtos occurs In veins, varying
from half an inch to four Inches thick,
between layers of hornblende crystals.
The longer, tougher fibers are found in
the deepest diggings; the less valuable
asbestos — that is, the short, easily pul
verized fibers — are found near the sur
face. The mining is much like rock
quarrying. Holes are drilled and
dynamite exploded to blast out a layer,
which falls to the floor of the work
ing. The workmen break out as much
of the pure asbestos in as large lumps
as possible, load the lumps into tubs
or skips and send it to the surface,
where boys and young men "cob" or
crumble the rock away from the as
bestos.
The lumps of asbestos are packed in
rough bales and shipped to this coun
try to be manufactured Into the fin
ished product. The asbestos as It
comes from the mine is of a yellowish
or greenish color, the edges furred
with loose fiber. The best grades of
asbestos are white, and the fiber is
long enough to be carded and spun
into yarn and then woven Into a
greasy-feeling, dirty white cloth,
which is fireproof, acid proof and
weather proof.
When the lumps of raw asbestos
reach the factory they are placed into
machines, which crush them until the
fibers are loosened into fluffy, cottony
masses. From the crushing mill the
fibers pass Into another machine which
separates the long and short fibers and
at the same time throws out any stones
or other refuse matter. The short fibers
are ground up into a pulp or powder,
according to the use for which they are
intended, while the longer fibers are
gathered together to be woven into
cloth.
It is this cloth which is used for mak
ing fireproof drop curtains for thea
ters. The asbestos yarn also is made
into gloves and mittens for glass and
iron workers and a finer cloth is woven
for acid filters. To catalogue the uses
of asbestos would be a long task, for
within twenty years i\a applications
have multiplied so rapidly that- it now
can be regarded as one of the most
versatile of manufactured products.
Combined with colors and oils It makes
a paint which makes anything it coats
either fireproof or nearly so. Asbes
tos, combined with canvas, felt or like
material, makes an excellent roofing
or ceiling material, and the roofs of
many factories, warehouses, docks and
like structures are covered with asbes
tos treated material. Wood pulp or
other substances which can carry the
asbestos is used for covering steam
pipes.
"Mineral wool" is the nearest thing
to asbestos which man has been able
to make on a commercial scale. As
first it was made from slag, the refuse
from blast furnaces, but the "wool"
was too brittle and melted at too low
a . temperature to i be used as a sub
stitute for asbestos. Metallurgists took
the* matter in hand, analyzed asbestos,
and made up the proper mixture from
sand, fire clay, limestone, kaolin and
iron slag to give a product which pos
sessed many of the characteristics of
asbestos. Now limestone, broken glass,
broken dishes, iron slag and pieces of
fire brick 'are melted down in a suit
able furnace and blown into the fibrous
stuff called "mineral wool/'
When the mixture Is melted into a
liquid by the intense heat of the fur
nace a small opening is made and the
molten stuff escapes In a stream about
an inch in diameter. As it falls' a jet
of steam or compressed air, issuing
from flat - nozzles, is turned on to it
and blows it, a fine spray, through a
window into an adjoining room. The
action of the Jets upon the stream of
molten sand, iron, clay and glass spins
it out into beautiful white fibers, which
on cooling look like washed wool. This
material is used largely as a non-con
ductor of heat. It is packed around
steam pipes and boilers to retain heat
and packed around refrigerators to re
tain the oold. It also is used for "fire
proofing" buildings and for "deadening"
walls and floors, but compared with as
bestos its uses are limited.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY. 27, 190*.
THE, SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Frnprictor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office .' * " Thlrd amI Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY ■ ."FEBRUARY 27, 1904
JUVENILE INCORRIGIBLES.
JUDGE LINDSEY of the Juvenile Court of Den
ver attended the recent meeting of the Charities
and Corrections of this State, and delivered
several 'addresses that were of great interest. He de
veloped and enforced the necessity for such courts as
that over which he presides, for the number of juvenile
incorrigibles has so increased in the last fifteen years
as to present a most afflicting problem.
In cities like Chicago and New York the arrests of boys
aged between 16 and 20 years run into the tens of thou
sands every year. So the juvenile courts are created by
law, to deal only and specially with that class of offend
ers. Of the necessity for such courts there is no doubt,
but what of the cause back. of it^all? From the record
it appears that we have reached a condition in this
country when it is not only a misfortune to parents to
have children, but it is a menace to society and the State.
In one of his addresses Judge Lindsey indicated part
of his duty to be finding "jobs" for the boys who are
brought before him, work being the best means of re
form. Does not this open the door to the cause of it all?
Much blame is put ,upon parents, but how # can they
combat the results of idleness, for which they are
powerless to find a remedy? The world is familiar with
the vital subject of child labor. Let it know also that
child idleness is a burning question.. At the age of'thir
teen children, and especially boys, begin to feel the
promptings of ambition and activity. They want to
imitate men. Given the chance to • imitate the right
things that men do, the useful work they see going on
around them, and they will do it. But deny them this
opportunity and it is perfectly sure that they will, imme
diately begin to imitate the wrong things that men do,
and will as readily pick up the adult vices as under hap
pier conditions they would the adult virtues.
Whenever the experiment of sending boys into the
country to work on farms has been tried it has proved
a successful means of turning them in the right path,
provided they are properly treated and trained. The
difficulty does not exist solely in the slums of great
cities. It is a moral disease in the communities that
are not in the slums. An inspection of the records oi
State reform schools shows that a large percentage of
juvenile incorrigibles, subjected to their treatment and
control, come from families in which the difficulty can
be accounted for only by the idleness of boys of from
14 years to 20. Now in the various industries and occu
pations gainful in their nature and necessary to com
munity life, there is room for the employment of such
youth. Judge Lindsey says that he has tfecn greatly
assisted by such business men as could find jobs for
boys. Finding jobs is of temporary assistance, but lacks
the value* that is in definite training, with a definite pur
pose in the acquisition of skill that is to be applied for
permanent self-supporting purposes.
We have expressed the opinion that much help is to
be found in the training in -handicrafts that is to be
furnished in the polytechnic or trade schools. In them
boys have the opportunity to become finished and skilled
handicraftsmen, and to acquire knowledge that equips
them for self-support and the duties of good citizenship.
It will be finally found to be the policy of the States
to amend the penal or reform features out' of their re
form school policy and turn all of their reform schools
into shops for teaching the handicrafts, to which boys
will be sent, not under semi-penal sentence, but in a fixed
apprenticeship.
As the evil of juvenile transgression \ spreads, it is
taken too much as a matter of course by the community.
There is too much-indifference to its causes, and too
little attention to the profound social disease of which
it is the mere symptom. Treating symptoms cures
nothing. One might as well try to prevent an eruption
of Vesuvius by putting a bread and milk poultice on the
crater as to cure such an alarming social disease by
dealing with its disturbing symptoms only.
The extent of the evil may be estimated by reading
the daily press of any large city and noting that a vast
majority of the crimes reported therein are committed
by boys and men under 20 years of age. It is useless
to rage at parents. Few of them want. it so, but they
cannot be held to answer for the causes which lie be
yond them, in the restrictions and limitations to which
society assents. The State owes to parents the duty
of supporting domestic discipline by removing restric
tions upon opportunity for the young.
Finally, the moral disease under discussion increases
with the tendency to abandon rural for urban life. Con
tact with the soil and skill in the industries related to it
offer ideal conditions. Always when the race has been
enervated and morally broken' down in dense popula
tions it has risen to its feet by contact with the soil.
The lure of great cities should be put less prominently
before thf young, and the ideal life . of the country
should have its wholesome charms displayed instead.
The plot to destroy a Salt Lake theater, fortunately
discovered before human life was sacrificed, reveals the
existence of a spirit of diabolism almost incomprehensible
to the normal human brain. It is daily becoming more ap
parent that communities, in sheer protection, must de
vise new punishments to fit new crimes. In crime as
well .as in civilization we have that which would have
appalled the ancients.
SENTIMENT WORTHY OF ACCEPTANCE.
FROM the Springfield Republican, one of the leading
* editorial organs of Massachusetts, comes the lat
est strong plea for the passage through Congress
of the bill which will preserve for us one of the noblest
manifestations of nature in California? the Calaveras
grove of big trees. Says the Republican: "Only the
nation should be the possessor of these glorious surviv
ors of a geological antiquity. It is really absurd to think
of pigmy men, mere ants in stature beside them, having
the power to sweep them from the earth for a few dol
lars profit. The United States, which spends millions
and millions upon things that are of the- moment, can
well afford to spend a few thousand dollars to save such
treasures from so ignominious a fate."
When so strong an editorial Utterance comes from the
other side of the continent it is significant proof of the
interest which is taken in our venerable trees by the
whole nation — an interest which must express itself
strongly enough to make Congress ready to turn a will-'
ing ear to the petitions of those who would see the. giant
trees continue to watch over bur destinies as they once
guarded the good fortunes^of the man with the stone ax.
It is not a selfish claim which the people of California
advance for the big trees. We do not desire the preser
vation of the Calaveras giants as an advertisement to
hold out to tourists, nor as a boon to proprietors of sum-
mer resorts. It is a sentimental feeling, pure and simple,
that prompts our efforts.
Even in the workaday world there is room for more
ennobling influences than those of the mart and 'change.
One whose sentiments are not altogether corroded
must feel that living trees which have watched the ice
melt away from our continent, have seen volcanoes
cease their spouting and grow cool, and to whose lives
the coming of the white man to their feet has been only
■within the cycle of a few dropping cones, should be per
mitted to live x»n to the fulfillment of their natural des
tinies. History records that the Colossus of Rhodes was
sold bit by bit for paltry pieces of silver until only the
memory of it remained. Let us hope that sentiment will
prevail over a hard materialism- in the matter of the
preservation of our giant trees, which are more majestic
ally wrought than any. monument of either ancient or
modern art.' . .
The Hague has decided that the powers which made
a show of force against Venezuela must receive prefer
ential treatment in the payment of the debts of the of
fending South American republic. However much we
may dislike this decision of the court of arbitration we
cannot but be pleased in the fact that it teaches Castro
a lesson even in the efficacy of force.
THE OLD STORY AGAIN.
A RECENT dispatch from Washington announces
that Senator Heyburn of Idaho has presented to
the army appropriation bill an amendment au
thorizing the Secretary of War to purchase a, tract of
land described in the report of General George M. Ran
dall, on May 13, 1902, situated partly in Spokane County,
Washington, and partly in Kootenai County, Idaho, com
prising 20,000 acres, to be used as a site for military
instruction and maneuvers. The amendment carries an
appropriation of $500,000.
The submission of this amendment is of direct interest
to California, because if it be carried and the purchase
be made, there will be an end to all prospect of having
a camp oi military instruction and maneuvers in Cali
fornia. Moreover the loss of the opportunity will
be due to ourselves alone, for the original proposition
was for the f staLiishment of a camp in this State, and
an army board recommended a site for it. No sooner
was the recommendation made, however, than the cus
tomary local opposition to local advancement broke
forth, and as a consequence there is now a fear we may
'lose the camp altogether.
At the time the question of a site in California was
under consideration three large tracts were offered. A
board of medical officers of the army investigated them —
one was rejected because it was without an-.adequate
water supply; another because it has near the center
of it a tewn of considerable size over which ' military
control could not be exercised; but the third site, known
as the T. H. Henry ranch, approved, a report of the
boird' addressed to the adjutant general at Washington
saying: "The ranch fills all the requirements for the
establishment of permanent camp grounds for the in
struction of large bodies of troops, inasmuch as it has
large area with diversified surface, r,oil draining quickly
after rain, sufficient timber for fuel and shelter, appro
priate climate, plentiful supply of pure water with natu
ral inclination lines for drainage and sewage."
Upon that showing we should get the camp. Differ
ences of opinion as to whether or not it is the best site
in California should give way in face of the fact that
it is the site that has been approved by the army board.
While we are wrangling the representatives «of other
States are at work. The Washington and Idaho dele
gations in Congress will, of course, stand together in
support of the amendment proposed by Senator Hey
burn, rnd if the representatives of California be divided
we shall lose the camp. The story is an old one, but let
us hope it will have a different ending from that of for
mer years, and that when the issue comes all Californians
will be found standing together for the interests of the
State.
The Iroquois Club, affectionately and familiarly known
as the Society of Old Squaws, has met, resolved and ad
journed in this city. Its meeting stirred the pulse of no
Democrat, its resolutions enlightened nobody else and
its adjournment came with no more agitation than a
ripple upon the political sea. The Democrat, nationally
considered, doesn't know where he came from, who he
is or where he is going.
THE NEW POTATO.
ONCE more under the magic touch of Luther Bur
bank the humble potato has jumped into the
public eye. He has made 'that esculent tuber to
diminish and to enlarge, to blanch and to blush,
until it has come out in a new dress of such a char
acter as to make recognition by its plebeian ancestors
impossible. He has crossed and crisscrossed the clumsy
tuber until finally it is said to be materially increased in
size and that its substance is delicately sweet and pos
sesses color of the warmth of auburn tresses. From
the homely "spud" in its wild, untamed state, buried
with its eyes full of dust in the Andes Mountains, where
it justified the ignominious name "small potatoes," it
has at last come into its own and is worthy its title of
Solanum tuberosum. Tn the past its virtues have been
many. From food to drink — for in some countries spirits
are brewed from it — from starch to stew, it has stuck
to us and rounded out our beings, and now who may
predict its possibilities? The clinging pea and the
pendent bean may lift their heads' with hope, the onion
rise up in its strength and the sour, wrinkled visage of
the pickle look pleasant, in anticipation of being brought
by the wand of this wizard of the vegetable kingdom to
the dignity of the navel orange, the seedless grape and
the new potato.
' Populism, that absurd development of American po
litical extravagance, has been executing another ghost
dance upon itself. The middle-of-the-roaders and the
fusionists, after intense squabbling, have agreed upon a
time and place to hold their national convention. To
most of,..us the properthing to do under the circum
stances is not to hold a convention but a funeral with
its necessary incident of speedy and decent burial.
Those very wise observers, the military critics, that
shed the light of their learning from a vantage point
several thousand miles away from the seat^'of
operations, say that the military organization of
Japan is better than that of any European, country.
When one thinks, of the Boer war the suspicion arises
that after all the decision. of the critics is no particular
compliment to the Mikado's tacticians.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Worthy of Shyiock.
It was just after Theodore G. Cock
rill was elected Chief of Police in 1S73.
wlfen one morning after taking office
as he squatted down in his official
chair in the old City Hall Officer Blank,
then a bailiff in the Police Court, slip
ped in through a side door to congrat
ulate his new Chief on his victory and
the satisfaction it gave him to defeat
the enemy. Then he quietly approached
the Chief and, with the index finger
of hia right hand placed alongside his
nose, remarked: "Say, Chief, your
friends who are mine, recognizing the
great expense you have been at in win
ning this fight and knocking them
Crowley fellows, gives you this. Say
nothing about it; but keep mum."
Blank slipped out as quietly as he had
got in, closing the door after him.
Cockrlll was so taken by surprise
that he had no time to protest, but
placed the package, which contained
$500, in a drawer. Two days afterward
Blank again slipped in and with bated
breath Inquired if the Chief had men
tioned the transaction to any person.
The Chief responded in the negative.
"Just sign this by the way of a blind,"
said Blank, placing a note in front of
Cockrlll. The note was signed, and
nothing more was heard of it until the
Chief's term expired, when a collector
walked into his Front street liquor
store and presented the note for pay
ment, with Interest at 6 per cent. Cock
rill used language not found in good
society, but he had to pay the note,
which was assigned to the collector.
The sum and substance of it all was
that Blank held on to his graft in the
hall and cozened the Chief out of the
money that he thought was given him
by his friends.
Misplaced Charity.
With his clothing dripping from
rain and a sad and hungry look upon
his face, he walked Into the Emer
gency Hospital, holding a card from
Dr. Caro, recommending him to the
attention of the surgeon of the hos
pital.
On being asked what he wished he
briefly stated that he had been only
two weeks in the city and on this par
ticular day he was on his way to
Golden Gate Park to see Superin
tendent McLaren when, stepping? off a
car, something snapped in the back of
his head which took away all his
memory. He claimed to have had a
similar experience- six years previous
when he was confined in a lunatic
asylum in the East. At that time his
desire was to kill somebody. It made
no matter to him who the unfortunate
victim might be, as he lost all con
trol over himself. He feared a simi
lar desire might now seize him in
this, a strange city, and he did not
wish to kill an Innocent being.
A consultation held with Chief
Steward Bucher, who recommended
that the man be placed in a ward for
observation. This was done, his
clothing were dried and he was pro
vided with hot food and made com
fortable.
He remained in the hospital for
three days and when the rainstorm
passed off he got up and thanked the
attendants for their courtesy, re
marking as he walked out of the door
that he was dead broke, had no place
to sleep or money to purchase food
and as he was wet, cold and hungry
he had bluffed through the ruse of
lost memory in order to get shelter
and something to eat.
Paid in Trade.
"What's the matter, Judge?" asked
a newspaper man of Justice of the
Peace Lawson the other day. "You
seem to be out of sorts.**
"Well," retorted the Judge, "you
would also be out of sorts if you ran
up against some of the people I meet
in a day. Just listen to this for a tale
of woe. About an hour ago a man
and a woman came in here with a mar
riage license and asked me to marry
them. I tied the knot all right and
gave them the usual blessing. When
it was all over the groom shook hands
with me, thanked me and then told me
that he was a bricklayer and would
be pleased, in payment for my kind
ness, to come over to my house and
repafc- my chimney any time it need
ed it." -'•;;
r A Choral of the Year.
Hear, bubbling through gray morning
hours.
The trills of water-folk arise;
Their home in newly fallen showers.
Their notes as liquid as their skies.
The locust's whistling rigadoon
Shrills to the noon Usl sibilance.
To wake the woodlanJs from their
swoon
And set the weary air a-dance.
Leaves gasping from their breathless
chase
Follow the footfall of the gale.
Into the pallid twilight race.
And sigh and sorrow as they fail.
The snows that stilled the forests' surge
As down the heaven they flew and fell.
Now mourn the year with, frosty dlrpe'
Now clank, o 1 nights, hia passing-bell!
With all the seasons, stern or kind
Out of eternity there sings
Into eternity the wind,
God's mercy in its murmurings.
— Wallace Rice in The Reader.
None Need Applx.
Few business men will employ a left
handed person as a clerk or bookkeeper,
and the prejudice against them ex
tends to the Government departments
at Washington. The chiefs of those de
partments are entirely willing to over
look bad penmanship on the part of a
really good and industrious clerk, but it
is the man or woman who writes with
the left hand at which the balk is
made. The deadline is drawn just the
moment It Is ascertained that a clerk Is
left-handed, and he is forthwith In
formed that if it is his desire to con
tinue in Government service it will be
necessary for him to write with his
right hand*- This information is always
a bitter pill for the left-handed pen
holders, but there is nothing to do but
begin to write with the right hand or
"throw up the 4<>b," and few are anx
ious to quit Government service even
for this cause. No matter how perfect
a hand a left-handed clerk may write,
there is no alternative but to learn to
write with the right hand, and some
times It takes months to get to the
point where even a legible hand 13
written by the clerk who is forced to
"learn the business over," but during
this period of making the change the
chiefs are easy and patient and mak«
the work as light as possible on th« un
fortunate clerk.
A Hard Worker*
Kittredge of South Dakota has set
out to make a career for himself in the
Senate. He is one of the youngest men
there, just turned 40. and he has only
held his seat for two years, but he Is al
ready edging Into the influential group
that determines what shall and what
shall not be done. Kittredge Is a bach
elor, weighs considerably more than 200
pounds and has a face that would be a
fortune at a poker table. Up graduated
from Tale In 18S2, and he Is a great
chum of John Kean of New Jersey, an
other Yale man. He has made up his
mind that he will stay In the Senate
as long as South Dakota remains Re
publican, and he sees no Immediate
prospect of a change In the politics of
the State. He spends more time on the
floor of the Senate than any other man
there. It is a rare thing for him to be
found outside the chamber unless he is
called out by the card of a. visitor. He
watches every piece of legislation, and
he knows what is going on all the time.
A r o Excitement.
In Panama under the Colombian
regime one could get up a "revolution"
almost at a moment's notice. Such
slight matters, says the New York
Times, scarcely interrupted the routine
of business.
One day a number of American trav
elers had taken their seats at breakfast
when they were startled by loud shouts
in the street. They hastened to the
window and saw a crowd of men in
greasy, ragged clothes rushing along,
brandishing machetes.
"What is the trouble?" one of them
asked their Colombian host.
"Why." he said, apologetically, "I am
afraid it is a revolution."
The travelers began to be excited.
but were calmed by the sweet voice of
the hostess addressing her husband In
ordinary tones:
"Did I put enough sugar in your cof
fee. Gabriel?"
Where Macbeth Was Born.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette, wife of
"Bob," can tell a good story herself
once in a while. Mrs. Burdette travels
around the world a good deal—when
ever she i3 not running for some wo
man's club, office — and her Journeylngs
one time brought her to the Scottish
Highlands, where she was "personally
conducted" to a cave. In which. Mac
beth was said to have been born. Aft
er listening attentively to the eloquent
tale of the guide. Mrs. Burdette said:
"But. tell me now. truly. Is this really
the place where Macbeth was born?'*
The guide smiled awkwardly, shifted
about a little, and finally blurted out:
"Well, it's one of the places."
'Anszuers to Queries.
SPEAKER — Subscriber, Oakdale,
Cal. John G. Carlisle of Kentucky
was Speaker of the House from De
cember 5, 1883, to March 4, 1839.
LIBERTY CAP— Subscriber, Liver
more. Cal. It Is a mistaken Idea that
the United States adopted the liberty
cap from France. The symbol was not
used In France until 1790. The liberty
cap was used on many of the State
coins as early as 1785. The Jacobin cap
of France Is red. the British liberty cap
blue with a white border and the Amer
ican blue with a border of gilt stars on
white.
CIVIL RIGHTS BILLn-A. E. S..
San Jose, Cal. The civil rights bill
was an act passed by Congress April
9. 1866, over President Johnson's veto,
aiming to place the. negro on the same
civil footing as the white. A contro
versy over the constitutionality of the
act led to the framing of the four- '
teenth amendment to the constitution
of the United States, passed June 13.
1866. After this a more stringent act
to secure the rights of the negro wa«t
passed in 1875, but the Supreme Court
in 1883 declared its most important
sections unconstitutional.
SAN FRANCISCO— A Subscriber.
City. The territorial area of San Fran
cisco is 47 square miles. Along that
line it is exceeded by New York. 326*4
square miles; New Orleans. 196 VL; Chi
cago, 191; Philadelphia. 129*i; St. Paul.
Minn.. S8»£; San Dieso, Cal.. 75: Wash
ington, D. C. and Duluth. Minn., each
69*4; Denver. Colo.. 65: St. Louis. 61 M:
Taunton. Mass., 50. The popula
tion of San Francisco, accord
ing to the latest census, was 342.
782. The cities larger as to popula
tion at that time were: New York.
3 437,202; Chicago. 1,698.757: Philadel
phia. 1,293.697; St. Louis. 575,208; Bos
ton, 360.892; Baltimore. 508.957; Cleve
land. SS1.76S; Buffalo. K2.S87. The esti
mate of population at date o< January
1, 1904. was 400,000 for San Francisco.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic Hre
ctched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public '"men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •BURCH TO AID
IN PROSECUTION
Representative of Justice
Department Will Assist
in the Ben son-Hyde Cases
TALKS TO WOOD WORTH
Conies Here Under Special
Orders From United States
Attorney General Knox
Judge M. C. Rurch of Washington,
who is attached to the Department of
Justice and has charge of the employ
ment of special counsel in the prose
cutim* of cases throughout the United
States, has been a guest at the Palace
Hotel for several days. It is his cus
tom to travel through the Western
States, keeping in touch with the Dis
trict Attorneys of the Federal courts
and aiding these officials of the Gov
ernment whenever assistance is needed,
and also participating in the prosecu
tion of cases where special counsel can
not be obtained or has not been pre
viously arranged for. lie was recently
in Colorado assisting in a Government
suit acainst the Rio Grande Railroad
Company, which is still in progress,
and from there he journeyed to Los
Angeles, where he received instructions
from Attorney General Knox to pro
ceed to this city and confer with the
United States District Attorney con
cerning the approaching hearing of the
extradition cases of Benson and Hyde,
indicted on charges of fraudulent tim
ber transactions. Just what part Judge
Burch will take in these cases he does
not know, but it is expected that he
will be an important factor in their
prosecution.
He said last night:
While It is true that I know, a creat deal
about the lirnson and Hyde matter I ha\e
not tx>«?n informed yet **hat service I am to
render in the oases. My telegraphic Instruc
tions •»*>re Fimjijy to proceed to this city,
where I round that special counsel, in the
person of Attorney Heney. had already tw-.i
•-ngag^d and he was busily at work. It is
possible that I will remain here until the
< a*e* are settled, for they are important rnat-
Ttr and the Attorney General is very anxious
that the Government's interests are carefully
rusr&'d. They are down on the court calendar
'or m hearine \5sr>-h 9. by which time we
r hould receive definite instructions from Wash
ir tton.
Last evening Judre Burch and United
States District Attorney Woodworth
were in consultation at the Palace re
parding the cases, and Woodworth
Ftated that in all probability Judge
Burch would direct their prosecution.
DELIVERS A\ ILLUSTRATED
LECTURE OX GETTYSBURG
Wesley A. .Taeobs, Member of Grand
Army of Republic*, Holds Atten
tion of Large. Audience.
Wesley A. Jacobs, a member of the
Orand Army of the Republic, gave an
interesting lecture last night at the
Central Methodist Church. His sub
ject was "Gettyeburg in 1863 and 1901."
The lecture was free and largely at
tended. It was delivered under th?
auFplces of the Central Men's League.
Mr. Jacobs gave a vivir 1 description
cr the battle of Gettysburg and the
proat number of roldiers that were
killed in that historical battle of the
«'i\il War. Then he drew a descrip
tive comparison between the Gettys
burg of the Civil War and the Get
tysburg of to-day. The lecture was
beautifully illustrated with a fine set
of stereoptieon views.
Bell Surrenders Himself
\>imam iieii, ror whose arrest a
warrant was issued some -weeks ago on
a charge of threats to kill, preferred
b.- Jasper M. McDonald, ex-Park Com
missioner, surrendered himself at po
lice headquarters yesterday and was
booked at the City Prison- Bell had
been employed as a painter at Golden
Gate Park and was discharged. He
blamed McDonald for losing his Job
and meeting him on the street threat
*>nei1 to rut his thrnat
Dodce Offers to Compromise.
C. C. Bemis, executor of the will of
the late David R. Jones, petitioned the
Superior Court yesterday for permis
sion to accept from Zenas Dodge $500 as
a compromise payment for notes for
S29.2T0 given by Dodge to Bemis. He
says that It would not benefit the estate
to sue Dodge.
GRAPE-NUTS.
0oooc6Q93Qot3oeoeaeceoo
e < •
9 9
9 9
% Complete Change in J
I FOOD !
• •
♦>• may »olve your 0
9 ' •
• O
• 9
S Problem S
• 9
c e
o o
C SuM'.ose mfst be left off fcr 9
e ©
I Breakfast S
® •
9f and use a Ilttl* FRUIT, a dish of (9
• '■' • -• S
s s
SQrape=Nuts|
O 9
& and cup of qj
I Postum •
nothing more. ©
• Try the change 10 days. 9
<E> " There's a Rea«on" 9
% <B
PERALTA GRANT
CASE IS ENDED
Court Hands Down Opinion
Dismissing Claim to the
Water Front of Oakland
MILLIONS ARE INVOLVED
Farewell Appearance of a
Suit That Was Begun
Nearly Fifty Years Ago
!
In the United States District Court
yesterday United States District Judge
C. B. Bellinger of Portland, Or., hand
ed down a decision denying the motion
of Mary ]$. H. Gwin and Miers F.
Truett, intervenors in the case of
I Vicente Peralta and others, vb. the
I United States of America for an order
of court commanding the United States
to issue to them a patent for a por
tion of the lands of the Rancho San
Antonio, which ranch embraces 46.6S5
j acres in Alameda County and on which
i the cities of Oakland and Alameda are
situated* Added to these there are 2352
acres of unpatented land held by the
! United States which the Intervenors
j claim. This is known as the Oakland
i water front and is the bone of conten
tion in the case, the remainder of the
I rancho having been transferred. It is
valued at $25,000,000.
LINE OF THE BAY.
The following are extracts from the
] decision:
The controversy that has arisen grows out
J of-the fact that in the execution of the decree
i of the District Court affirmed on appeal the
I words "Bay of San Francisco." employed to
describe the west boundary of the Peralta
grant, were erroneously Interpreted to mean
the line of ordinary high water of the bay so
run as to exclude from the erant the swamp
lands in the estuaries of the bay. But for
this error there would have been full compll
j ance with the decree under which the peti
tioners claim within their present contention.
Whether the line of the bay of San Fran
cisco includes the swamp lands of the estuary
of Pan Antonio was a question for the deter
, mination of The District Court, and an error
o.,mmitted in determining It does not affect
: tho completeness of what was done. Errors
! of judgment In such a case are open to cor
i ruction on application to the court committing
them nnd on animal: without this the parties
[ are concluded by what is decided. The went
: boundary of th? confirmed grant is described
in the decree of 1S39 as the bay of San Fran
! Cisco. The decree of 1S(K! undertakes merely
to cive a precise location to the lin? of this
bay, and was In aid of the prior decree. The
survey and location of this line was a proceed
ing under the control of the court, and a part
of its Judicial action.
DECREE IS EXECUTED.
Th» ■■-xecutlcn of the decree of confirmation
has l.een made complete^ by the Issuance of
patents. The presumption Is that thes» patents
were is-vmed to tho claimants at th»lr Injrtance,
upon their tiresentaticn, as prescribed by the
art of Congress, to the General Land Office
of the decree of confirmation and plat of sur
vey. TJie.se patents conformed to the survey
and were for the entire confirmed crant. ac
cording to the boundaries prrciaely fixed by
the decree of tl<e court, and located by the
hurvpy; and they are final and conclusive as
to the claimants" rights from the United States
under the decree of confirmation. Moon* vs
Steinbach. 127 I*. 8., i«; Casrldav vb Carr.
4S CaL, 342.
The right of the attorneys opposing this mo
tion to be heard does not affect the question.
The record niakf* its own auuearance. and It
is roncluslve acainst the motion. It shows
that th» entire matter in r*>s adjudicata. Nev
ertheless, there is no weapon why the United
.States Fhould not be heard upon a motion for
an orJer rrsjiecting its duty, to say that sach
duty lias been i> e rlormed.
DEAD THIRTY YEARS.
Furthermoiv. the parties who make this mo
tion are ureoluded in any right they might
otherwise have had. by their laches Their
grantors were satisfied with the execution of
the decree of confirmation at the time More
than thirty years elapsed after the amended
decree, by which the lands In controversy were
exr'.ud^d from the grant, was entered before
any aPemtt wn« made to reopen the question
determined by that decree. In the meantime
the«e land" were sold by the State as swamp
lan.ls inuring to it under the grant of lands
of that character. Improvements almcst if
not Quite, beyond computation In their value
have been made upon them by parties Includ
ing the ITnlted States, who have succeeded to
this State title, and who have acted in coos
faith without notice of any adverse claim
"A neglected right, if neglecfd too long mu«t
be treated as an abandoned right, which no
£ >U ? « nf ° r ce"— Uoran vs. JIansky, 178
The motion is denied.
I MINGLES HEART INTEREST
WITH TECHNICAL TEACHING
Lieutenant Cxirden's Lecture on AVlmt
He Saw In Industrial Europe Ap
peals to Hearers.
Lieutenant Godfrey Lynet Carden of
the United States revenue cutter ser
vice entertained a fair-sized audience
last evening: in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association auditorium with an il
lustrated lecture descriptive of his trip
through industrial Europe in quest of
machinery exhibits for the St. Louis
Exposition. He visited all the great
Iron manufacturing centers and ob
tained numerous stereopticon plates,
that served to illustrate his talk.
To the person versed in the technique
of the machinist's trade the lecture was
especially instructive, of course, but it
contained enough incidental heart in
terest to engage the attention of the
women in the assemblage. The descrip
tion and accompanying pictures of the
Krupp works in Germany and of how
the 80.009 employes and their families
live were interesting to every student
of industrial conditions.
Lieutenant Carden explained how
Krupp's great army of workmen shares
the prosperity, but not 'directly the
profits, of their employer, and how they
dwell more comfortably than the aver
age mechanic in this country, whose
wages are 50 per cent more than theirs.
He laid stress upon the statement that
the city built by the Krupps is as near
millennium as the wage-worker can
hope to approach, and he emphasized
r.lso the declaration that paternalism
is no part of the Krupp system.
Another important assertion made by
the lecturer was that while our ma
chinists bfat the world in rapidity of
T.-ork, they are beaten by Europe in the
general perfection of the work turned
out except in the manufacture of ma
chine tools. Machine tools made in the
United States are to be found In the
leading foundries of Europe, he said,
and Europe seems to be unable to du
plicate them.
Collateral Inheritance Tar.
City Attorney Long advised the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee yester
day that there is no litigation regard
ing the status of the collateral inherit
ance tax, but there are two cases pend
ing affecting the right of the City
Treasurer to retain a certain percent
age of such taxes collected.
Swallows Quantity of Iodine.
JIary O'Leary of 1170 Oak street at
tempted suicide yesterday morning by
swallowing a quantity of iodine. Dr.
Boskowitz of the Emergency Hospital
pumped her stomach out and the wo
man will recover. She had had a
quarrel v.ith her husband.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
THE MASTENS
GREET THRONGS
OF GAY GUESTS
By Sally Sharp.
Rising, out of the gray solemnity of
Lent, the reception of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Manuel Masten at the Century
Clubhouse last night stood out with
brilliant prominence— brilliantly be
fitting the happy occasion it celebrated
—the fifteenth anniversary of the wed
ding of the host and hostess.
The clubhouse «was garlanded from
end to end with forest branches, palms
and fragile ferns, while billows of red
tulle and red ribbons were looped
among the glistening leaves.
From a latticed bower, lantern hung,
the music-makers sent forth the merry
melody— not the crashing, clanging
kind that strangles pleasant chatter,
but soft, sweet, seductive melody.
Mr. and Mrs. Masten received their
guests alone, extending greeting to
nearly 400 friends, many of whom had
been guests at their wedding.
A pretty bride was Mrs. Masten last
night, gowned in a robe of glistening
lace, her white shoulders outlined by
a bertha of exquisite lace.
Among the throng of guests were
some stunningly gowned women,
among whom were Mrs. William L.
Hughson, who wore an exquisite gown
of -white Bilk showered with violets,
the transparent corsage outlined with
a bertha of rare lace. With this cos
tume Mrs. Hughson, who is a stat
esque tj r pe of beauty, wore a white
Gainsborough hat, feather laden.
Mrs. Thomas Morffew, always hand
somely gowned, wore a gray chiffon
cloth robe heavily trimmed with Irish
point, with the Frenchiest of blue
and pink flowers glowing through the
creamy meshes of the lace. In her hau
she wore a pink pompon.
Mrs. Arthur Whipple Spear was
gowned smartly in white chiffon with
duchess lace.
Miss Charlette Hall wore a very be
coming frock of pink chiffon with a
chaplet of pink roses.
Mrs. Herbert Hodgdon's gown of
blue chiffon, hand painted and trim
med with frosted lace, was one of the
notably pretty costumes worn — and
there were many other smart ones.
Both, before and after supper the
younger set danced merrily, and the
hours flew, even as at a preordained
dance.
The ' following were among the
guests invited:
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Goodwin, Mr. and Mrs.
William II. Crocker. Mrs. Leland Stanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Wellington Burnett, Mr. and
Mrs. Harvey Toy, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Hum
phrey. Dr. and Mrs. Regensburger, Mr. and
Mrs. George L>. Toy, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Mar
tel, Mr. and Mr*. Chester Smith, Dr. and Mrs.
Thomas Morffew. Mr. and Mrs. William L.
Hughes. Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Bergevln,
Dr. and Mrs. R. F. Tomllnson, Dr. and Mrs.
George Bucknall. Mr. and Mrs. George Ives,
Mr. and Mrs. Stafford Parker, Dr. and Mrs.
Alexander Warner, Dr. and Mrs. Edward
Younger. Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Mr.
and Mrs". Arthur Whipple Spear, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Pierce. Dr. and Mrs. S. P. Tugsle,
Mr. and Mrs. Vail. Mr. and Mrs. William Ro
t.iaine. Mr. and Mrs. William O'Kane, Gen
eral and Mrs. Woodruff, Mr. and Mrs. James
Alva Walt, Dr. and Mrs. Edgar Reeve Bry
ant. Mr. and Mrs. A. 1). Cutler, Mr. and Mrs.
Knight White, Mr. and Mrs. Peter F. Dunne.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. . Knight. Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel Mountford Wilson.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred R. Knight, Mr. and
Mrs. Alfred B. Ford, Mr. and Mrs. Marriott,
Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. A.
W. Scott. Judge and Mrs. Hunt, Mr. and Mrs.
(iallatin, Mr. and Mrs. Kdward Morgan Jonee,
Mr. and Mrs. Milton Heyneman. Mr. and Mrs.
Newton Kosekrans, Mr. and Mrs. . Herbert
Hodgdon. Mr. and Mrs. James H. Jennings,
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Huffman, Dr. and Mrs.
W. A. Bryant. Mr. and Mrs. Novell White,
Mr. and Mrs.- W. II. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs.
Wellington Greggs. Dr. and Mrs. Arthur H.
Wallace. 'Mr. and Mre. Charles Plum, Dr. and
Mrs. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Bates,
Mr. and Mrs. James Morten. Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Van Winkle. Mr. and Mrs. George Webster,
Miss Amy Gunne. Miss Reis, Miss Leta Galla
tln. Miss Eleanor Warner, Miss Mabel Toy,
Mrs. McBrlde. Miss Thompson, the Misses
Dean, Miss Duff, Mrs. Sharon, Miss Sharon,
Mrs. William Willis. Miss Galloway, the Misses
Perkins. Mrs. Thomas Darragh, Miss Frances
Harris, Miss Madeline I.lssak. Miss Kendall,
Miss O'Callaghan, J. Powers Hutchins. Walker
Boure. Krnest A. Stem. Dr. Louis C. Deane,
Paul Jones, Frank Jones, C. F. Baker. Dr. H.
J. Stewart, John H. Speck, Woodworth Weth
ered, John Houeman, Frank Thompson, Ben
jamin Romaine, George McBrlde. Archibald
Barnard, .1. C. McKinstry, Mr. and Mrs. K. B,
Jennings, Ferdinand Reis Jr. and James W.
Dean.
The engagements of Miss Florence
Bailey to William Frederick Mohr of
New York— long ago suspected— and
that of Mrs. Hilda Baxter to Ralph
Hart have brought forth a profuse as
sortment of congratulations. It is this
sort of excitement that will save soci
ety from mental atrophy during the
season of Lent.
• • »
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mendell enter
tained a charming coterie of friends
on Thursday night at their Pacific
avenue home. Fruit blossoms graced
the table. The following guests were
bidden to dine: Mr. and Mrs. George
Pinckard, Mr. and Mrs. Richard Gir
vin. Mr. and Mrs. James Flood, Mr.
and Mrs. William Hinckley Taylor, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Johnson and Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Friedlander.
PAPERHANGERS AT OUTS
WITH THE LABOR COUNCIL
Harry Thompson of the Orpheum The
ater Is Appointed as Organizer
of the Actors' Union.
Paperhangers' Union No. 509 is in
trouble with the officials of the Build
ing Trades Council. The Labor Coun
cil alleges that the union named has
refused to obey orders. '
Harry Thompson of the Orpheum
Theater has been appointed general
organizer by the Actors* National Pro
tective Union of America. !
The Waiters' Union was addressed
last evening by President Robert A.
Callahan and General Organizer W. J.
Foley. The members of the local un
ion were praised for the good work
they have accomplished in this city.
Twenty-eight candidates were initi
ated at the meeting.
A new schedule presented by the
Labor Council was adopted by the
Milk Wagon Drivers' Union last night.
The terms of the schedule do not dif
fer materially from those of the one
adopted last year.
Miles L. Farland, the delegate who
was sent by the Labor Council to
Stof »n to look into the labor
troubles there, made his report last
night at the meeting of the Labor
Council. He said that the troubles
between the Merchants' and Produc
ers' Association and the various un
ions would be settled soon.
We have nn inimense variety of mold
ings for framing pictures to order, also
ready-made frames In all the new shapes.
and overv tint and color of mat board
and binding paper made. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st •
POSTAL CARD
LEGISLATION
Department Issues .State
ment Kegarding Eegula
tions Governing Their Use
MANUFACTURING RULES
Advertising Matter Must
Not Interfere With Mark
or Legibility of Address
General misunderstanding appears
to exist with reference to the require
ments of the postofflce authorities for
post cards, commonly called "postal"
cards, printed by individuals and firms
for business purposes. The follow
ing are the regulations governing such
matters:
Post cards must conform to the following
conditions: Each card must be an unfolded
piece of cardboard not exceeding the size
fixed by the convention of the Universal Pos
tal Union (9 by 14 centimeters, which la ap
proximately 3 9-16 Inches by S 9-16 Inches),
nor lees than the minimum size of domestic
postal cards (2 15-16 by 4% Inches). Quality
and weight of paper and form must be sub
stantially that of the Government postal card
of like size. They may be of any color which
doe* not interfere with the legibility of the
address and postmark. Each card must bear
the words "Post Card" at the top of the ad
drees side, unobstructed by any other matter;
paid words to be placed thereon. In conspic
uous letters and in such manner as not to In
terfere with a perfectly distinct address and
postmark. The address may be written, print
ed or stamped, or on an adhesive label of not
more than three-quarters of ar% Inch by two
In size, and the sender may, in the same man
ner, place his name and address on the back
or the face of the card. The message may
be In writing or In print. When post cards
are prepared by printers and stationers for
sale they should. In addition, bear In the up
per righthand corner of the face an oblong
diagram containing the words, "This side for
the address."
Advertisements and Illustrations in, any color
may be printed upon either or both aides of
a post card, provided they do not, when placed
upon the face thereof. Interfere with a per
fectly distinct address and postmark.
The words "post card" are authorized only
on cards which conform to the conditions pre
scribed by these regulations; other cards bear
ing these words, or otherwise purporting to
be Issued under authority of the act of May
1», 1S98, are unmallable as "post cards," and
whether the message be written or printed are
subject to postage at the letter rate— 2 cents
per ounce.
Printed cards on which there la no writing
and which do not purport to be post cards and
which are advertisements simply and not con
veying oersonal Information are mallable as
printed matter. There is no restriction as to
size, but the weig-ht of any single package
must not exceed four pounds.
On January 16. 19<M, the department Issued
an order that cards issued by private persons
and bearlnsr on the address side the. words
•'United States of America," are In "likeness
or similitude" of the regular United States
postal card, and therefore In violation of law
and unmallable at any price after July 1, 1904.
This is the latest order in relation
to the matter.
PERSONAL.
Attorney W. H. Hatton of Modesto
is at the Lick.
Dr. B. F. Church of Los Angeles
is at the Grand.
B. F. Brooks, an oil man of Weed,
is at the Palace.
Dr. D. H. Moulton and wife of Chi
cago are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas J. McCoy of
Lcs Angeles are at the Grand.
' Dr. P. H. Jordan and Dr. R II. Pater
son of San Jose are' at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Ransohpff have re
turned from a : six" weeks' trip in the
East.
Oliver Morosco, the well - known
theatrical manager, and wife of Los
Angeles are at the California.
Rev. Roberts Coles of Philadelphia,
who has been making a tour of the
world, is a guest at the Grand.
John Condon, Chicago's famous
blind politician, and the members of
his family arrived at the Palace yes
terday.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, is down
from Sacramento and registered at the
Palace.
Former Governor H. H. Markham of
Pasadena is visiting this city for the
first time in two years, and is staying
at the Palace.
P. M. Price, head of the Mollne Plow
Manufacturing Company of Illinois,
and F. H. Kennedy of Stockton, Pa
cific Coast agent for the same concern,
registered at the California yesterday.
Frank J. Parker of Walla Walla,
chairman of the Washington State
Commission of the Lewis and Clark
Centennial Exposition, Is in this city
and staying at the Occidental.
R. A. Donaldson, assistant general
passenger agent of the Southern Pa
cific Company, who has been in the
East for several weeks on railroad
business, has returned to this city.
Max Judd of New York, famous
throughout the world as a chess player,
is registered at the Palace Hotel with
his wife. For many years Judd figured
In all the big chess matches In this
country and also attrj.:ted considerable
attention abroad during his stay in
Vienna, to which place he was sent as
American Consul General during the
administration of President Cleveland.
His triD ' ~> the coast is simply one of
pleasure. He and his wife expect to
remain in this city for s.veral days.
Californians in N'ejv York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The following
Californians are here: From San Fran
cisco—W. H. Christie at the Manhat
tan, A. H. G. Co'oper at the Savoy,
Miss Devorcaux at the Vendomc and
Mrs. A. Dillon and F. L. Orcutt at the
Hotel Savoy.
From San Jose — E. O. Pieper at the
Herald Square.
From Los Angeles— F. A. Swan at
the Park avenue.
Town Talk's household number for
February is a magazine of exceptional
interest. It abounds in breezy fiction,
sprightly comment, liitlnc satire and ex
clusive news concerning people of prom
inence . in politics, clubdom and society.
Notwithstanding the addition of many
new and catchy features, the regular de
"partroents of this bright and entertain
ing \*eekly have not been neglected.
There is some inside information in the
Saunterer's columns about the new Dis
trict Judpeship and about McXab'a latest
conference with Hearst. Mrs. Cardan's
reason for no longer taking an interest
in literature is explained. There is a
story about another row among the- Na
tive Daughters, one about the snubbing
of a Burlingame matron and one about
a fight at the Mardi Gras ) ball. Mrs.
Clarence Mackay's book is discussed;
also, our crook-ridden city, and the cir
cumstances that point to a copartnership
i between the police and the thugs. Inci
dentally there is an explanation of why
the Iroquois Clubmen did not indorse
I Hearst. . - •
The remarkable echo at Eaglets
Nest, on the banks of Killarney, Ire
land, i ated a bugle call 109 times,
each clear and distinct.
HISLOP MUST
PAY ALIMONY
Court Directs Him to Con
tribute to Wife ? s Support
Pending the Divorce Suit
GKAXNIS WANTS FAMILY
Asks Judge to Modify De
cree Giving Children Into
Custody of Former Spouse
George W. Hislop, the manufactur
er's agent who is being sued for di
vorce by Louisa K. Hislop and who
sued Henry Brown, paying teller of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, for *50,
000 for alienating the affections of
Mrs. Hislop. must pay his wife ali
mony pending the determination of
her emit for divorce. Judge Sloss
made an order yesterday directing
him to pay to Mrs. Hislop $50 on the
1st of every month. The order was
made after Hislop had, testified that
since last May he had earned $1150.
Hislop alsV> came out a 4oser in the
other court proceedings connected with
his wife's action for divorce. Judga
Sloss overruled his demurrer to Mrs.
Hislop's amended complaint for di
vorce.
James G. Grannis, a wealthy man
ufacturing machinist, was before
Judge Sloss yesterday with a motion
to modify the decree of divorce ob
tained from him by Amelia . Grannis
several months ago. He wants the
court to take away from Mrs. Gran
nis the children, who were awarded to
her custody at the time the de
cree was granted. He claims she is
not treating them properly. A fur
ther hearing will be granted his mo
tion next Wednesday.
Judge Murasky made an order giv
ing to Annie Jeffress $40 a month ali
mony during the pendency of her ac
tion for divorce against Harry Jeff
ress and Judge Hebbard made an or
der directing Frank Bartles to pay
to Mrs. Bartles $25 a month while her
suit for divorce remains undecided.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Mary E. Henderson from W. E. Hen
derson for intemperance; Millie A.
Barnett from Robert L. Barnett for
neglect; Eulalie de Ramper from Del
mas de Ramper for desertion, and Er
minta Brewer from W. W. Brewer
for desertion. The Brewers are the
atrical people.
The action for divorce brought by
John Madison Smith, formerly a
wealthy druggist of Durham, Butte
County, against Alice Jane Smith was
dismissed. The Smiths were married
more than thirty years ago^in Oregon
and have several children more than
20 years of age.
Miss Allen Returns to Seattle.
Miss CHo Allen of Seattle, whose love
affair with a married man of that city
and her sudden flight to San Francisco
caused no end of excitement in the
north last week, left yesterday for her
home. She came here with the nvowed
intention of becoming an actress and
was seriously contemplating this step
when her elder sister Joined her at
the Grand Hotel, and after a four
days* exertion of her persuasive pow
ers induced Clio to abandon her theat
rical notions and go back to Seattle.
Hold Pentecostal Convention.
The Pentecostal convention at the
Howard Street Methodist Church was
largely attended last night. The con
vention has been running since the
16th of this month and will be con
cluded to-morrow night. Evangelists
Joseph H. Smith anC L. H. Baker
spoke last evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S' HREVE & CO.
STATIONERY
The advantages of a com-
plete equipment in the Work-
rooms of SHREVE & CO.'S
Stationery Department are
available for the prompt and
intelligent execution of or-
ders for Wedding Stationery,
Visiting and Reception Cards
and the stamping of Cor-
respondence Papers.
POST and MARKET STS.
Palarp don't fail to
1 aiaVV 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIRE
« IIU PARLOR, the
r» « PALM ROOM, the
Iff/liifl LOUIS XV PAR-
Ui OHU LOR fmd LA-
D j 1 DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room - .
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
THE KILTIES
THE GREATEST BAND OF ALL. .
ALHAMBSA THEATEB.
S1ATINEKS TO-DAY AND TO-MORRO.W.
IiAST TWO NIGHTS .
TO-NIGHT, RAGTIME SMOKER
special; engagement of the great
scotch prima donna.
FLOBA DOKALSSON
Every lady at to-day's matinee presented
with a handsome album, containing words and
music of Scotch soncs. ,
POPULAR PRICES.
Children 25c to all parts of the house — Seats
on Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
HAROLD ' BAUER
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Seats To-Day
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S
SI.00.SI.50 and $2.00
ABSOLUfE^SECURTnT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
.Fac-simile Signature of /^Lw^^
SALLOW SKIN '™™^^^^^^^^^
Th«y TOUCH the fta, B t7 (£==» |F| Small Prlc*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on — —■■
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS ><S£^ JT&PZIlS
Loo* for the 61f aatute St/Z^^^&U?ZrzC
__^^^^^_^^^ —^.— —j— ptJ ti *1 ' 1 1 j 1 1 J **2ll I I Piff**PWJT?**{ l BWBWsjWtsCBPPHys^»j||^^
I WHEN IN DOUBT, I
I TAKE THE BURLINGTON I
BH ' ■ ■ '. IsS
Kb •. . !■*■ 1
fa| ' If you are in doubt about the best way of going VA
H east, just take the Burlington. A safe, comfortable, YA
pi| interesting and economical trip will be yours. 1:1
til There are more expensive ways of going east, but p j
ftm the very best for the money are the Burlington Over- jM
p3 land Excursions. These excursions leave California pi
pi on certain days of each week for the eastern cities, t£|
lj|| traveling in Pullman tourist cars thro' Salt Lake City |;1
pj and Denver and passing the grand panorama of FvJ
Kj Rocky Mountain scenery by daylight. |'.m
HI Let me tell you more about these excursions. Fd
pi Send me a postal card giving your name and address
H and the point you wish to reach. |t
*B9 General Agent Burlington Route, J*,
pi • 90S Telephone, Main 1188. 031 Market St., SAN FRANCISCO. 3
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLiSoif
- MATINEE TO-DAT AT 2:13.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
MONDAY, FiiRUARY 29
THE GYPSY BARON
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIG. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
Usual Popular Prices 25c, 50c and 7Se
Box Seats $100
Look at the Names!
Fllson nnd Errol; Girnrd and Gard-
ner; George \V. Day and Morris and
Boncn. Last times of the Eight
Vassar Girls; Werner - Amoros
Troupe; Harry Thomson, and Or-
pheum Motion Pictnres, Illustrat-
ing Longfellow's "Hiawatha."
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c, 25s
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
j&3 LAST TIME TO-HIOET. BEJk.
BT W. C. NANKEVILLE'S ' \
G9 Successful Melodrama, 1
I ..HUMANJ EARTS,,
I TO-MORROW NIGHT 1
H James' A. Herne's Famous ComeJy, I
I SAG HARBOR 1
H Exceptionally Strong Cast. H
H A Herne Production Is Always llijth I
NIGHTLY, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(Himself) in the greatest of all rural play*.
MATINEE I
TO-DAY. I QLQ UesTweO.
HOMESTEAD.
JiSSn Silver Siipper.
Between II Believe
Friends 1! Us
i There Never Was a
.-™PTJNHIEH
With such splendid music or a show with
cleverer specialties than
ROLY POLY
Hear "Dora" and "Ramona." two great sons
hits.
Our "All Star"" Cast. Including; Kolb and
Dill. John Peachey. Ben T. Dillon, Allen Cur-
tis. Helen Russell. Nellie Lynch.
SaturdayNand Sunday Matinees, £5c and 5Uc-
Mcnday, March 7— "THE ROUNDEKS."
' SEATS NOW ON SALE
AMUSEMENTS.
• Zlska and Kins,
Kelly and Vlolette, lrvlns Jonea
ASS A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Evening la ti«
Heated Tneater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIE3 IN TUB
INFANT 1NCUDATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMKS IN THK ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Admission, lOc; Children. 3c.
When Phoning, Ask for "The Chutes."
MATINEE TO-DAT.
LAST NIGHT.
The Young Irish S!;igin£ Comedian
THOMAS J. SRfl.TH
In Con T. Murphy's Comedy Drama.
THE GAMEKEEPER
WEEK BEGINNING TO-MORROW MiliSEi.
FRANK BACON
In Judson C. Dru^ie'a successful comedy dram*
THE HILLS OF CALIFORNIA.
DDIPCC Eveninss 13c. 25c. 5Oc. 73a
rnittj Matinees 15c. -J3c. 50c
a T £*i a fT A T"l Bela.^o & Mayer.
ALCAZAR rsfss:
General Manas?r.
TO-*nQET — Mats. To-Day and Saa.
"Real Solid Pun." — Post.
The Wrong p
Mr. Wright s -
BRIMFUL OF MEKRIMEXT.
Evgs., 2"c to 73c. Mats.. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to Ma
NFXT MONDAY— J. K. Jerome'* Comedy.
MISS HOBBS
As Played by Annie Russell.
MONDAY. MARCH 14 — PARSIFAL.
: — ■
Market Street, Near Eighth. . .Phone South 333
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Mammoth Oriental Spectacle.
KING OF THE
OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Comous Scenery 1
Panorama of San Francisco Bay!
The Opium Dens of Chinatown!
Human Ladder of Acrobatic Chinks!
nnirEC Evenings 10c to 50«
rKllfcD Matineea 10c. 15c. 2ia
Next Week— A BREAK FOR LIUERTT.
Racing IpSi^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing February 22.
Racine Eacb Week Day. Rain or Sh!n».
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. ..harp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
g. p. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. I2:lio.
1:00. l:3O or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which art reserved for ladles and their
escorts.
Returning trains tear* track at 4:10 aa4
4:43 and traznedlately after *he last raoa.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Fr?»ideat»
PHRCY W. TREAT, Secrttarjr. J
910
RACING OF PONIES HAS TAKEN A GIANT STRIDE IN POPULAR FAVOR
FOOTBALL TEAMS
MEET TO-MORROW
IN TWO MATCHES
Albion Borers Play Post
poned Game Against Inde
pendents of San Francisco
HOBXETS, OCCIDENTALS
Thistle Eleven Still Has Two
Contests for Championship,
but Cannot Fail to Win It
At Iflcra Park. Oakland, this after
noon the Hornets will play an asso
ciation football match against a team
of creek sailors. The ball will be kicked
off at 3 o'clock, and A. W. "Wilding of
the Vampires will be the referee.
Two matches of association football
wfll be played to-morrow on the Pre
eifiio Athletic Grounds. The- match be
tween the Albion Rovers and the In
dependents for the championship of the
California Association Football League
that was set down for last Sunday,
h\h was postponed on account of the
heavy rain, will begin at 1 p. m. Hugh
Williamson will be the referee, and the
trains will line up in the following po
mions:
Albicn Hvvm. Positions. Independwit*.
Hotforo Go&!kwp*r Forbes
John I^eft back I>jmch
G!l!cJire«t liipht back Armstrong
B^vnt l*ft halfback Walsh
Msthieson. .- Center halfback M«chels
Lancaster - Ripht halfback N'olan
Bradley..-- ... Outside loft Russell
jTjqucsae..- — ..- inFide left E. Fay
Taylor .... Center forward.. Watt
?Vw?ase lnsi<i<? nrht T. Fay
Cioodiet Outside ti^ht Elli«
At 3 r>- m. the ball will be kicked off
In the second match of the first round
yf the series for the California Asso
rifltion|Football Union cup between the
I'ak'.and Hornets and the Occidentals.
Arthur Robinson ■"ill be the referee,
tmd the teams will occupy the follow
'.n? positions:
Oakland
Hornets. Po*itior.s. Occidentals.
C Y. V\'iir,2rr.s<in Goalkeeper Chiver*
Hcllaad L#f t back Uoyd
M'Trie- son Ripht bar k Milne
Hunter IWt halfback Oracie
';han-.l«ere Ont< r Imifback Roberts
Bird RiKlit hairback J. Smith
I'odmrre Outride left Evani
M- 1 Arthur !n?id,e lefr Condon
Fhand Center f orr.-ard Holland
Mr Ker.zle 1 nside ripht Have*
Ewbar.kf Outside rlgfet P. Lj'don
In the match last Sunday between
the Vampires and the Thistles the nar
row, slippery ground was against the
f"nmr teair. whose forward line is
weak. The Thistle forward and half
back lines are the strongest part of
their team and outplayed the Vam
pires. The Thistles have two matches
Jor the championship still to play. It
if almost certain they will win both
of them. If they lose both of them
and the Independents win both of their
two remaining matches the Thistles
and the Independents will each have 19
points for the season.
If two teams tie in number of points,
the championship is usually decided by
poal average, which is found either by
subtracting the goals made against a
team from the poals made by it. or
by noting what proportion the goals
made for and against bear to each
other. During the season the Thistles
have scored Z7> poals, three having been
made apainst them, leaving a majority
In their favor of 32.
The Independents have scored 34
S?oalP, and «?ight have been made agains
them, giving: a balance in their favor
oi 26. To bring the Independents to
the same position as the Thistles it is
necessary for them to score six goals
clear after the deduction of the goals
made against them in the two remain
ing matches, and this is hardly likely.
Comparing the goals in another way.
the Thistles have made, within a frac
tion, twelve times as many goals as
have been made against them. The
standing of the clubs for the cham
pionship of the league is as follows:
I Matches. Goals. —
I- I
? ': : i f i I ? I
This ties 10] a o| ij"jB| 3* 1^
Vampires 12 ej 2! 2i 31 S M 18
Independents 10 7 2\-l\ 34 8 15
Albion Hovers II 3 6 2! 12 22 R
«Xc!<ienta!» 12 Oi «! g' 12! 42 6
Oakland Hornet* O| l| «j 0; y\ 2l > 4
J'i<-kwieks J lo; If 7| S| 12| 42 4
Af shown by the foregoing table, the
Vampires and Occidentals have com
pleted their matcne?. twelve apiece, for
the championship of the league. The
Albion Rovers have one more match
tcr play, thp Thistles. Independents and
Pickwicks have two matches apiece left
and thp Oakland Hornets have three
unplajcd games.
ATHLETES AT STANFORD.
Indoor Work Replaces That of the
Held in Increment Weather.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 26.
The rain during the week has inter
fered considerably with the work of
the varsity athletes, particularly on
the diamond. However, Captain Ball
of the varsity nine has issued an order
to the ball tosscrs that will give them
an opportunity to keep up with the
game even on days when weather will i
not permit practice on the diamond.
Hereafter when the weather condi
tions are unfavorable the candidates
for the varsity nine will assemble in
Kncina Hall and talk over plays and
the fine points of the national game
■with Coach Doyle.
- That the pitcher's position on the
varsity nine will be well filled this
year despite the loss of Parker, the
veteran twirler, has been shown by
the work -of Tritch. '04, in the game
With Ireland's Independents on last
Saturday, and of Sales, '06, who pitch
ed the twelve-inning 4 to 4 game
against Santa Clara the previous
Thrusday. Both of these pitchers,
and Sales particularly, have improved
remarkably. Sales at present leads
the batting list and is hitting more
consistently than any other man on
the diamond.
In order to increase the interest in
track work and brins out the best the
track athletes have in them Trainer
"Dad" Moulton of the varsity track
team has introduced a series of week-
COLORS OF MANY NEW OWNERS
TO BE SEEN AT TANFORAN
The recent meet of the Pacific Coast
Polo and Pony Racing Association at
Del Monte gave . pony racing a stim
ulus that augurs well for the future
of that Dastime of sportmen on this
coast. . '
II was the opinion of experts that
there had never been a, faster lot of
ponies gathered in one incloaure than
were seen at Del Monte. As AV. S. Ho
bart's Silver Dick in the sprints and
F. J. Cardan's. Fusillade in the dis
tance events represented the class of
the affair this statement seems reason
able. . ". .
The next meet of the association will
be held at Tanforan racecourse'. oh
March 12 and 14. The colors of a num
ber of new owners will- be •seen', for
the first time on this occasion. Pony,
racing appeals to many men who- look
upon a large racing stable as entailing
too much responsibility. . - - ■■ •;,
Throughout California on -various
ranches where thoroughbreds - are
raised there are many undersized race
horses of royal, breeding. .Owing to
their lack of size they were probably
turned out on the range and left to
shift for themselves. One, gentleman
who has done much to advance -pony
racing asked I a breeder if he had;any.
ponies. The latter replied he did ' not
think he had, but upon looking. ".over
his stock he found fifteen, which were
ly track meets to be held on the oval
every Saturday morning. Last Satur
day an inter-departmental -field- day
was held, in. which the law depart
ment athletes proved the victors. To
morrow mornig the meet will be.be
tween the college independents or
"barbs" and the fraternity men. A
close meet is expected, as the frater
nity and non-fraternity men on the
track squad are about evenly divided.
Considering the heavy condition of
the track last Saturday . the showing
made by the track men was encourag
ing. Gay. '04; Thomas,. '04, ~, and
Weinmann, '06, ran a close race in the
mile. Gay winning in 5:02. Captain
Holman, the fastest man in the dis-'
tance, did not enter the .race. . ..
Norman Dole, who -holds the coast
record In the pole - vault, ' is - training
THE- SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY -27, 1904
purchased outright.
The question of Silver Dick's limit of
speed is still unanswered. . He . seems
just able to "win, no matter at what
pace his opponents carry him through
the stretch. Walter. Hc-bart speaks af
fectionately of him as "my old plug.''
Until Dick gets in action this seems
a, good title- for. him. Hs is as gentle
as a lamb at the post. If a false start
is, made his rider has only to let go
his hold on the reins and .Dick pulls
up.- He cuts all his finishes close, need
ing considerable, shaking up to .make
hinr see the' seriousness of the situa
tion. . , . ' \,
■Mr. Hobart paid $1000 for him two
years ago in Denver. He was original
ly-owned by the Cabaniss ' brothers, the'
outlaws... They took him about the
Rocky • Mountain ■'.' district, racing him
against quarter "horses. Dick's next
owner had hfm.as^a'pet for. his-chil
dren. They; used to tie thelrjsled to
his tail and then drove him about with
out bridle or restraining halter in. child
ish glee. 'When they wanted'- to get
on his back he 'obligingly" held down
his head and they ' scrambled \, up ' by
meansof hjs neck.- - , -,' .' • ■ :
■The. programme, for .. the.,, Tanforan
meet will be prepared onMonday. The
weights and distances will be, go* ad
justed as • to make ■ many interesting
contests. •-',.- ■•' - ■
for the high jump arid broad jump this
year in addition to. the pole j vault arid
promises to be a point winner in those
events, j On : Saturday he; tied for . first
place with Bell. '05,- in the high jump,
clearing 5: 9*4, • and. : won/, the broad
jump by covering .21 feet l.inch. As
he has been training for these events
but a short timeit is likely : he will *do
considerably better in both before the
date of the intercollegiate/ meet- ar
rives. , /,'.:':.,!•- j.I;-t' : '- lWi.V-jf4 '.*■
Hyde, '04, will undoubtedly. be the
winner in the shot put again thisyear,'
unless Berkeley's weight men 'make a
better. showing in;that event- than'they
did last season/. Hyde's : work is* con
sistent arid he never j fails ; to . put ' the
sixteen-pound, ball-forty tfeet.or more
when he makes .a', serious "attempt In
the .field-meet Saturday -his '.'best' put
was 41.f eet '9- inches. ; ; . ■--,, - , ■
FLEKTEST QUARTER HORSE OF THIS COUNTRY OK OF EUROPE. AND THE FINISH OF THE MOST IMPOR
i TANT RACE HE WON AT THE RECENT MEET OF THE PACIFIC COAST POLO AND FOXY RACING ASSO
CIATION AT DEL MONTE.
CRICKETERS AWAKE
FROM LETHARGY
Club greetings Are Held and
; Oittcers Elected for the
Ensuing Season of Play
The cricketers of San Francisco and
the neighborhood are beginning to
awaken from their winter sleep. The
three clubs, having held their annual
meetings and elections, are ready for
the annual meeting and election of the
California Cricket Association, which
will be held in this city on Monday,
March 7.
The. annual dinner, of the members of
the Pacific Cricket Club was^held last
week at a restaurant in this city, Cap
tain John Metcalfe, president of the
club, being in the chair and Courtenay
W. Bennett, British Consul General, in
the vice chair. The others present were
W. Balnaves, vice president; H. C. Cas
idy, captain; F.- Bennion, vice captain;
A. ! W. Wilding, secretary and treas
urer; Captain Wilding, Dr. O. N. Tay
lor, D.' Jamleson, W. G. Fortmann, E.
H. Lannowe, Norman Logan and F.
Lewin. '
-Harold .B. Richardson, captain of the
San Francisco County Club, is still in
England,. 'but it is expected he* will
reach California before the end of next
month. ' . '
The annual meeting of , the Alameda
Cricket Club was held. at Croll's Hotel,
Alameda, on. Tuesday night. In the.ab
sence, of Edward Brown, the president,
the chair was taken by Henry Ward:
The'prlncipai business L was the election
of officers' "' to" serve '.auring the coming
year. The following were elected: Ed
ward Brown, president; -Henry Ward,
first vice president; W. H. McNaught
bn, second vice president; Henry. Ward,
secretary^ and , treasurer; ~G..' Harold
Ward," assistant secretary and treas
urer; G. H. Ward and W. ; H. Mc-
Naughton. delegates to the California
Cricket Association; F. J. Croll, F. A.
Stahl and AV. G. Fortmann. members
of the executive committee; W.'J. Rich
ter,' W. G. Fortmann and'G. I. -Baugh,
members of the ground committee.
. The Alameda • club . will ■ be '■•' stronger,
this season than it was last year and
,the ' members look forward to a period
of ''considerable activity. G^ I. Baughi
who was for some years ,' one of the
strongest' batsmen of the Alameda club,'
has returned after an. absence in Fres
no to Alameda and will take an active
part.' in the British game: W. G. [ Fort
mann has left the Pacific club and has
returned to the Alameda club, of which
he was formerly a member. Among the
new members are J. Mason, a new ar
rival from Australia, where he made
forty-five runs against the eleven cap
tained by P. j F. . Warner, which visited
California in November," -1902; Samuel
Bralthwalte, who is a good .performer
with bat and ball; D.M. Lees, one of
the forwards of the Vampire association
football, eleven; J. Brenner and D. C.
Hayes. The last named recently left
OARSMEN EXPECT
AN ACTIVE SEASON
New Boathouse of Ariel Eow
ing Club Attracts Lovers
of Eecreation on the Water
It is expected that a large number
of oarsmen will be at the new Ariel
Rowing Club .quarters to-morrow, as
great Interest Is being shown by the
members.' On a fine Sunday five or six
barges, several outrigged skiffs and
whitehalls are in use the whole day.
The club swimmers also take advan
tage of the opportunities for their fa
vorite recreation.
It will be necessary for the South
End Rowing Club to decide upon plans
for., their new boathouse at an early
day, for the: club has been served With
notice that its old quarters at the foot
of Third street must be removed with
out delay, that work may be begun
upon a bridge which the Santa Fe Rail
way -Company desires to construct
across the channel.
When the. "rowing club was notified
to move it obtained an extension of
time until July 1 of last year, and so
has had ample notice. When the South
End Rowing Club gets comfortably set
tled on the site next to the Ariel Row
ing. Club .it, is expected a period of
great activity will set in among the
oarsmen on the south side of the city.
At "the last; regular .meeting . of the
Alameda : Boating Club a handsome
gold • locket was presented to Charles
H. Smith, who held the presidency of
the;, club- for more than a dozen terms
and always manifested the greatest in
terest in -Jts . welfare. On one side of
the locket there is a pair of raised gold
oars and on the other an inscription.
At the same meeting a; gold club pin
enameled in colors was presented to
W. B.' Hinchrrian, who fulfilled the du
ties "of secretary in a most energetic
manner from the foundation of the
club to the end of last year.
California for New York, but will re
turn to this State. .'". .
The third' test match played by the
English team captained byP.F. War
ner took place on the . Adelaide oval,
South Australia, on January 15, 16, 18,
19 and 20. The wicket was fast and the
Australians had 1 the good fortune to go
in first. On the first day they scored
Z')o runs for the loss of six wickets, and
the first inning closed for SS8 runs. The
Englishmen made 245 in the first inning.
Hirst's 58 being a fine effort and War
ner's'58 an example of excellent judg
ment' and patience.:. In their fsecond
inning the Australians compiled 351, the
chief contributors being . Gregory 112,
Noble 65; and Trumper. 5J>. The English
men went to the bat for the second
time vvith 495 runs to make to 'win.
Warner scored .79, Hay wood 67 and
Hirst 1 44, but the' total was only -278
runs, so that the English visitors lost
bya "margin of 216runs.
BLUE AND GOLD
MEN IN TRAINING
Berkeley Oval Is the Scene of
Marked Activity When the
Weather. Is Propitious
BERKELEY, Feb. 26.— There will be
a succession of field days at the Uni
versity of California to test the mettle
and the strength of the college athletes
which will set the campus in a roar.
First of all will come the trials on
March 5 between the athletes of the
freshman and sophomore classes. This
will be followed by the interclass meet
on March 19, the meet with Pomona
College on March 30. the meet with
Stanford on April 16 and lastly with
the Universiry of "Washington on the
last day of April.
In anticipation of* these tests the
sprinters and jumpers and weight
throwers practice every day on the
oval. On good days there are some
times as many as fifty men working out
on the cinder path. They are all under
the supervision of Trainer "Walter
Christie, who is devoting his whole time
this year to the preparation of the men.
While there is a lack of great mate
rial for the athletic events this year,
California still hopes for victory in the
clash with Stanford. The trouble is
that California has lost most of the
best of last year's material and has not
received any "phenoms" through the
infusion of freshman blood.
In the place where California is weak.
est she has not been recruited at all.
This is the 440-yard dash, where there
is only "Greek" Howard to defend.
Howard ran fourth in last year's inter
collegiate meet. Dunn and Crossly, who
ran first and second, respectively, in
that' trial, have been retained by Stan
ford.
California lias been more fortunate in
the sprints, fn this department she has
recruited four promising youngsters.
Best of these perhaps Is Hughes, who
did such valiant work for the Oakland
High School last year. Then there are
Davis of Marysville and Bingham and
Lippman of San Francisco, all them
freshmen who performed well in their
academic days. Besides this material
there will be Abadie, who has always
been depended upon for the 100-yard
and 220-yard dashes.
The half-mile is reasonably safe for
California unless Stanford succeeds, in
developing some fast new man. There
will be three of last year's men to de
fend in this event— Edwards, Xewhall
and Clifford— all of them stayers and
fast for the distance. Then they will
get assistance from two freshmen.
Head and Wilcox, formerly of the Oak
land High School.
For the mile there will be Xewhall.
Hackley and Clifford, and Tieciiert. a
freshman. Hackley has developed' a
good deal of speed lately.
Tibbets won the two-mile last year
with ease, but there is some talk of his
being in bad form just now. Tibbets is
not sure how fit he wil be, but Is taking
LEASHMEN PLAY
A NOVEL STAKE
FOR COURSERS
Endeavor to Bring: Together
the Fleetest Eight Grey
hounds Now in Training
HEAVY REGISTKATIOXS
Marked Revival of Interest
Is Shown by the Breeders
Throughout the Country
The promoters of coursing In this dis
trict are devising: stakes with novel
conditions in order to bring the fleetest
greyhounds together and to revive the
lagging interest of the people by whom
the sport has been so liberally main
tained.
The latest of these events is the
Grand National Champion stake, to be
competed for by the best eight dogs in
California, which also means the best
eight in America. There will be no en
trance fee and the hounds will be
paired off by a committee of coursing
men in order to match them as closely
as possible.
The first trial will be run on March 6.
the two dogs drawn running the best
three in five trials. The winner will
receive $100. Two more dogs will be run
the following Sunday, and so on until
the first round is completed. The four
winners will then run, each for a hun
dred dollar prize. This will bring thu
stake down to the last pair. The ulti
mate winner will have received in all
$400, the runner-up $200 and the other
two $100 each.
The greyhounds which are considered
eligible are: Pocatelli. Palo Alto, Full
Moon, Mount Rose. Rubber Ankles,
Rector, Fair Tralee. Lord Brazen.
Barge, Charter Member, Silver Heels.
Tillie R, Quita. Sacramento Boy. Pasha
Pleasant and Sea Lion.
The problem which now confronts
the coursing officials is how to deter
mine which are the best eight and how
to proceed to pair them off.
Blake and Smith, the Montana cours
ing men, have departed for home with
their string of greyhounds. The Butte
eeason opens early this year and they
want to get their string ready for cam
paigning. During their visit here they
proved thorough sportsmen. Their
dogs were always in condition and they
accepted either victory or defeat in a
graceful manner.
F. M. Kellogg of Gilmore City. Iowa,
has also returned home after spending
several months here.
P. E. Callan has sold Sempronius to
Jerry Bresnahan.
"YV. H. Kocher is preparing to disband
his kennels owing to his leaving the
State. Among his hounds are Boots,
Ploughman, Dear Gaston, Pacing Billy
and some puppies listed in this year's
Futurity.
"W. J. Leonard has sold Tom Hurlick
to G. "Wash.
The keeper of the American Grey
hound Studbook has listed the record
number of litters since the first of the
year. The total is sixty, which repre
sents about 300 puppies. This is an un
usually heavy qpgistration and shows a
revival of interest in coursing and
gi-eyhound breeding throughout the
country.
The season opens unusually early
this year in the Middle West. Okla
homa City starts matters moving next
week with a big meet.
Sacramento has produced so many
great greyhounds in recent years that
the enthusiasts of the capital city
want to match eight of their represen
tatives against a like number represent
ing the entire State. The Sacramento
dogs would be: Pocatelli. Sacramento
Boy, Barge, Tillie R, Silver Heels,
Charter Member, Quita and Red Rock.
The novel match will probably be made
and liberal prizes will bring out some
stiff competition.
The coursing at Union Park to-mor
row will commence upon the arrival oi
the 10:15 a. m. train. While the names
of champions are not conspicuous
among the greyhounds entered, there i*
an even quality represented which
should result in close contests. The
likely winners look to be:
Red Rock. Helen May... Rocker Arm. Feni!.
Donnybrook. Sea Lion. Vandal. Little Plunger
Booth. Lord Brazen. Apple Blossom. Itoby
Aurora. Frisco Lad. Rapid Water. Uly Tcrk
McHenry, Adonis. Mcncy Musk. Rolla Well*
Fair Tralee, John Heenaa. Viva, Gambit.
Renegade Apache, Radius Auto. Cloverdale
Eagle, The Rereree. Richard Anton. Sempro
nius. Amandan, Ruby Sankey.
Sixty-four well-matched hounds will
compete to-morrow at Ingleside Park.
The first brace wil go to the slips at
10:30 o'clock. <• The likely winners in
the first round look to be:
Gold Lily. Una. Presidio Boy. Meddlesome
Grace Greenwood. Van Alba. Texas Betty Vll
£*• J t>5. ">' Pe »»P^ Jack - SofcUa. Tex**' Ho^-
Hoo. Red Pepper. Pasha Pleasant. Pepper Hill
Clarice. Haddlniston. Heredine. Clover Bio"'
»oni. Bob R. Homer Boy. Game Boy Mollla
Me. Master Clair. Ragged Artor, Beaut* Got, I
Advertiser. Black Coon, Meddlesome, Lulu Girl'
Dan Pedro. Joe Pa»na.
good care of himself and may go in.
Lowell, a freshman, is the only new
man training for the place. Hackley
will probably go into this race, too.
The university has been supplied with
two good new men for the hurdles.
They are Sperry of Modesto and Hume
of Berkeley, both of whom carried off.
prizes while they were defending their
respective schools in academic meets.
The veterans are Frei. Chaplin and
Meany, the last named being about the
best.
For the high jump there will be Cap
tain Cooley and Hickey. both veterans,
with good chances of winning. Wilcox
and Symmes will negotiate the pole
vault, but as they were defeated hand
ily by Dole of Stanford in the last meet
they are not expected to win, as they
will- have the same competitor again.
Claude Kern, captain of the freshman
football team, is going in for the broad
jump, as are also Chaplin, Neighbor
and Snedigar. last year's men.
Zacharias. a freshman If rom the Mo
desto High School, is billed for the
shot-put, and so are Sperry. Hosmer,
Boynton. Hartline and Gilmore. These
men will all try for the hammer-throw,
too. Sperry. and Zachariaa beinj the
' best of them.SPORTS OF THE RACE COURSE, THE PRIZERING AND THE COURSING FIELD
PRINCESS TITANIA TAKES HANDICAP,
AND ANANIAS RUNS DISAPPOINTINGLY
Norton Wins From
The Fretter in
a Drive.
Just ore week ago yesterday
Princess Titania. ridden by Willie See,
was beaten by Ananias in a handicap.
The Princess had her revenge at Oak
land yesterday In the six-furlong
handicap, and h«>r previous defeat now
tH-en;g like a hideous, improbable
r.ight mare.
There were but four starters, and
in the early betting it was 8 to 5
and take your pick about Ananias and
Princess Titania. with little doing on
Futurita and U'llagen, each looking
< utctasaed on recent form. Toward
l>ost time Caesar Young's mare had
a slight call over Ananias.
The race its-elf was a Joke, for the
Princess raced Ananias off his feet
the first quarter and won by four or
five open lengths, with John Bullman
iioir.s down for fresh wraps. Johnny
Schorr's colt quit so badly that
O'Hagen led him out a couple of
lengths for the place. Futurlta quit
in the run to the wire.
TRACK IS DEKP IN Mil).
Rain fell almopt steadily, the track
•was ankle deep with sloppy mud and
altogether it was most disagreeable
r&cing weather. The attendance, how
ever, was good, and the bookmakers
ppent no idle moments. Three favor
ites finished in front.
Possart, an 11 to 5 favorite, with Wil
lie See on her back, captured the open
ing seven-furlong selling affair without
much effort from Billy Moore* The
black horse took the lead from Gold
Finder before the stretcn was reached,
scoring by nearlj' three lengths. Touns
Morello, the second choic*. came in for
considerable support at odds of 13 tc
I and finished ■ third, after a rather
uneven voyage. Sunello started for the
firet time this season but apparently
was not ready.
Jim Bozeman finished in front astriae
Stf-riir.g TotVers, a 5 to 1 chance played
to '.'.. in the live-furlong sprint next de-
cided. The mare appeared overbur
de&ed with ppe«-d and leading from the
start ran home a length before the
i> to 5 favorite. Sir Tom Tidd.er. Hoceo.
at 10 to 1. finished in the show. Pick
away opened equal favorite with Tid
dler, but as the supply was more than
adc-iiuate to satisfy the demand ai.d
Sherwood had the mount the pric-?
touched 13 to o. The gelding cut no
ice whatever.
Considering the fact that he finished
third to Lady Kent and Mr. Dingle on
Wednesday. 4 to 1 looked a liberal
quotation against Glissar.do in the bet
ting on the mile selling run. At i>o-.;t
time 13 to 5 was the best in sight.
CIJSSAVDO IX A GALLOP.
P*te Romigh's gelding with Reed up
K*efit out and won in a bfg gallop. In
* hard drive Homier, on Mr. Farnum,
lo.k the place from Anvil. El Ponjfc*
showed to no advantage in the sloppy
poiniEr. Sue Johnson bolted at the start
and was practically left. • !
Stupid work at the post on the part
of Jerry Hoach accomplished the de
feat cf Lansdowr.e. the heaviest played
favorite of the day, in the fifth num
ber, a Futurity course sprint. Jerry
••was flow as a country storekeeper at
the post and his mount was badly out
run the first part of the rare. The fa
vorite responded to punishment in the
stretch and was only beaten a head
and a neck by Quiz and Sol Lichten
stein. The winner. Quiz, from the sta
ble of Charley McCafferty, closed at
7 to 1 in the ring. Amasa, a etanchly
backed starter, met with some inter
ference through the stretch, finishing
fifth, behind Pruewood.
. Although far fnrm being at his best,
.Horton managed to win the conclud
ing mile and fifty-j-ard run from The
Fretter In a driving finish. The little
chestnut horse at one time looked hope
lessly out of it, but closed with a cy
«Ionic burst of speed under Ja<~k Mar
tin's urging, just getting to the wire
"in time. Ryronerdale. the favorite,
with Travers up, to all appearances
.tuiked, for he appeared to have a
chance.
Sterling Towers was bid up $200 over
her entered selling price by Harry Rob
insnn. The stable retained the mare.
John Condon, one of the wealthiest
of Western turfmen and owner of Har
lem track, ChJcago, is paying San
Francisco another visit. Mr. Condon
is accc-mpanicd by his family and ar
rived here from Los Angeles Thurs
day evening.
J. L. Holland, a well known New
York turfman, was a spectator of the
racing aWJakland yesterday. Mr. Hol
land purchased the contract on the ser
vices of the crack apprentice. E. Walsh,
from -Father Bill" Daly last fall.
EXTKIKS I-"OH TO-DAY.
Kirst race — Five and a half furlong*; fcur
ye.ar-old* und upward: t<el!lng:
llt.TS Kstoy Ll«to (El Prlnie ro Stable) |(*7
r,wa Watt-r I'owrr (Ptover> 1CI
•319 •EnrjlUMl I'rince»« (O'Hourke) Ill
DOS Don I »\VtI!man> I1C
• :iT4 Mt MKircpnr II (Burns & Wate.rhsej.12l
r.:»s(» ra t ?\* \v (Neslon) io<:
■<;(»•? •Amorun» iMcOuire) «7
«T)Hi» I>r. Lor.g (Tanner; HI
•O:«5 •X«n <Mu!key> Ill
42»;7 KKiott (Hamilton Stab» 11^
r-.'f'* <'l»usu* (R>an) ''-'"'
BBC! Tttue (Mett) 1t>*
1954 blackthorn <F1nk) Ill
Second raw — Four furlongs; tivo-year-oJdt;
jiurr*: ;
«aK# Saccharate CNapa Stock Farm) 1<J-I
«:12.'» Cloomv Out ilium* & Waterhouse). . .l«I
aX3 Ste*l Wire (Ftover) 10«J
i •..'.:« U'.b Ragon (Sunmert) iy»
C147 IlarveFt^r <Daly) ' f<4 »
<:147 Oolden Idol (IHly) UM
CCT5 Sly Order (Ryan) "w
Third rar#— Six furlongs: four-year-oMs and
Ut'«K»M: s-^'llnr: " '"™
■««« nanflie Belle fWlnter) 10j
«:l«»' 'Pearl I>lver (Carlisle) S<5
«-J1f) # r>r. Kherman (White) 102
CMH Myrtle K <Mrs. Hertz*!) 10»
" rms Hell** (Crmlri 10 "
rjsifc «Allc* C«rey <r>U) 100
(01T4)Quiz II <Mt<^«frerty) 107
nd P«t M"rrlF»ey (Wellman) 107
O1C1 »The IIi'.!»r «StcN>H) »7
flio OmJdm of Xi£ht (Parks) 105
C1W Tlloa (Owen) 33
«:U Pure Dale (Thomas & Heavey) 103
Fourth race— One mile Bni fifty yards:
tJirw-y^ar-oM* ard up: handicap.
«V»«» halsy Green (Follansbe* 1 ) «5O
■<«n4!»)Ken11wc»rth tIS
»ri4» Nlrrett* 'Jenn1nr») •••• "2
fi;u Ixn-d M«?bo«rne fBender) .......!«♦
6005 Joe Leswr (Beam*) s»
. Fifth race— Seven furlong*: tnree-year-olds:
T>ur«*.
ri25 Judre (Duly) - US
M7<". Kir Appl'bv (Ferguson) 1™
(r-IS^Soufrierc ( Dayton & Co.) I r '«
C113 Cdebract (UjuniJtoa fiuble) .....Ill
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKI.AHD PACETBACg — FRIDAY, Feb. 26. — Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
«I7«». FIKST RACE— Feven furlongs; spiling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Ind?*T~ Horse ami Owner! " Wt!St. 14.' %. .%. Str. Fin. Jockey. 'Op. Cl.
MO [PwtartJ C <J. E. Case) 112 C 4 »i 4 4 1 *i 1 1 I 2^ See ........ 8-5 11-5
VIM IBilly Mooro a (T. T. Hector): 1U< 7 H t 7 n 06 4 1 2 n Stuart * *
•;U«> , Young Morello. a (Scharetg). 107 5 .1 1>43 h 5 2%2 n 3 3 Travers ... 3 13 5
51^1 >Mfiinnut; C (A. N\ni)..... K)T> 2 2 n 2 n 3 I»i5 % 4 h 1 J. Martin.. * 6-9
S.N.1S iMordenta. 4 (Nichols & Co.). I !»'J| H U :i 5 2 4 n til 8 1 Knapp CO 80
Cl.Mt |Gold Finder a <T Fitzg<raia)lttt»| X 1 1%1 s i 2 J Vi-i 1 6 15 J. T. Shehn « 8
U.V.ii) Sunello. a jM. ijtorn) |1O41 4 0 n O S 10 " 3 7 V» ' C. Smith... . 10 Hi
r>M" !P«'trOlia. 4 (Knight & MrC.).!l«3| 8 S3 8 8 7 4 8 10 8 15 Buxton 30 CO
«;14s ; Master Cal. G tKislenmacher)!lO4! 0 9 9 9 9. » |W. Dugan. 50 150
Time— :24«i. :Wi,i. l:10\~Tl :30. 'At post 1 minute! Off at 2:13. Possart, place. 1; show.
1-2. Moor*, plare S-. r .; show 3-G. Morello show 1-2. Winner. ,blk. h. by Pontico-
Mary W. Trained' by .1. E. Case. Scratched— Sam Lazarus B*q.. • Vlrgie d'Or, Nelltft
Hav.n. .«tart good. Won easily. Next two drlvlne hard Winner .enjoyed gcod racing
lu<k and was probably best. Billy llcore came from far back. Morello cut off once.
Aswffsment quit. So did Gold Finder. . Sunello" not ready. • - . ' ..',
O17I. SECOND. HA CE— Five furlongs; gelling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, |325.
lndn| Horse and <Owner. • .. |\Vt!St. '4. \<t->%.- Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. ' Cl ;
••1.11 jst«-r. Towers..'. (Htockton Sta.)|107j 2 1 1V»1 2 1 l'^l 1 IBozeman .. 5 4
0122 !Slr Tom Ti<ldler. 5 /Daly).. .1171 1 ... 3'4&<2 Vi 2 n 2 :« J. Daly..'.. 9-5 0-fi
CMK! jlioreo, :C ( I'hoto Stable).*. | 9-lj 8 ... -5 ti 4 h 3 h S.lHt Roach ..... 10 10
SM2 |Our Pride. .' diowe. liable). .J104I :i ... 8 0 5 1 4 BVt Buxton ,... . 13 20 .
fis7:! il'i<kaway. 4 (A. J. Jackson 1^,1 04 1 5 ... 2 n 3 l«.<j& 4 B 1 V4 Sherwood .. 9-5 13-S
57.!s |U"at. Overtoil 4.(Kneb»lltampTllttt 7 ... 7,6 7 15 7 10 (5 n W. Karva'ez 20 . ."0
X20 IHilou. a <O R. William*) |li>4 «... 4 '$ « 5 MS 7 8 Travers ... 30 15
5S72 jMy Surpise. 4 «Mounce) [X04[ 4 ... S 8 8 S Vandrbout 5 U
Time— :'_M. :4'j\ 1 : OI. At post 4 minutes. Off at 2:4H4. Towors. place. 8-5; show. 4-. r ..
TlilUU-r place 3-S; show. out. Hoceo show, 8-0 Winner, ch. m. by Fitzjameji-Quad
ruplex. Trained by J. McCoilough. Scratched— ilarj 1 Ihinn. •■■- Start good. Won In a . '
drive of thr*p. Winner bid up from $40<J to *5OO by H. Robinson;- retained. Sterling
ToweEa was ;layed to-day and run a vastly imj.rovi>d race. Tiddler ran to his notch,
Hocea did well. Plckaway poorly ridden. My Surprise left. ' _
017^. THIRD nACE— One mile; yelling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first,' $325.
Ind'x! Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. \\ . »*. »i . Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. Cl,
O14S iciUsando a (O. P.- RomiKh).':iC7| 3 In 12 13 13 l-.4Vi|Reed 4 13-5 I
G148 iMr. Farnum 4 (McCafTerty). |1(>7| (i 7 IX) . r > «4 ."> 3 .1 O H"n-iBonner 7 »
C1.14 lAnvil. 4. (C. E. Murray & Co.) 102i 5 "J 2»;,2 2 2 »i 2 l'j.1 8 |\V right .... 10 13
<K>2S iCarlleo « (Applrby & Co.).. 10li| 7 «i 3 4 3 3 n 4 »A 4 7' |Travers ... 10 ;12
«1«I Prince ' Blares a (Uaird Co.) 111| 1- 3 h 7 20 7 20 « Vi 5 l^alJ. Daly.*... 5 9
«Kil IKickumbob. a (Walz * Co.). 107| 4 4 h <> l'/jti 4 7 15 <» 3 JJ, Martin.. 10 13,
•5<Z.7 |E1 Fonse. « (O. P. Fink) J107! 2 T> n ."! n 4 1 3 1»47 10 !J. T. Shehn 13-5 4
(C150)!Sue Johnson, a (E. Fltzgerald)llOOj 8 S S . 8 8 S ! Roach 4 4-
Time — :2<5. :S0>^, 1:18. 1:44^. At po«t Vs minute. Off at 3:<«. - Gllspando. place. 1; show.
1-2. Farnum, place :i- show .T-2. "Anvil, show. '2. Winner, b. g. by Foul Shot-
Berna. Trained by .T. Stewart. Start poor. Won ea«lly. Xext two driving. Winner
only brewed. Mr.- Farnum closed strong. Anvil 'showed -improvement. Carilee was
v< 11 played and nearly, left at post. Going not sticky enough for Prince Blazes. El
Konye Hkr? a heavy, but not Floppy, track. Sue Johnson practically left. 'Los Angeles
Index <5'.>5l).- ■"• • ■•
<>17:{. FOURTH RACE— Pix furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds # and up; value to 'first, $400.--
Index! Horte and Owner. jWtiSt. >4 . H. %■ Rtr, Fin. I Jockey. I - Op. Cl.
C101 iprlnce«.« Titania G <Millin) . . ilio'l 2 ... 1 'i 1 2»^1 3 14 (Bullman .. ■ S-5 3-2
C113 ;o - llagen, 5 (Mrs. Bender) 94| 4 ... 4 4 3 12 2 Traver« ... 6 8
<H37 -Anania*. 3 (J. F. Schorr) | 94; 1 ... 2 *i 2 1^'- "•%' *i tReed 8-5 8-5
0137 IFBturlta. 4 (W. H. Kraft)... I 921 3 ... 32 3n 4 4 |Knapp 4 5
Time — :24, :4sij 1:14\. At po?t 2'i minutes. Off at 3:32^ Princess, place, 9-20; show,
out. O'Hagen iilace. 2; show. out. Ananias. Fhow. out. Winner, b. m. by Ma«etto-
Quecn Titania.' Trained by C. Young. Scratched— St. Winnifrlde. Start goo<l. Won in
a gallon. Second easily. Third driving. Princess raced Ananias to a standstill first
quarter of a ml!e. O'Hapen ran a fafr race. Futurlta Is etale.
«;i71. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $.'525.
Indexl Hcrse and Owner. lYTtiSt. ',1. »$- ri • Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
C110 JquIz II. C (C. McCafferty)..!l01! 1 ... 2 1^3 2 3 >-i 1 h iP.onner 5 7
«;i4(i ISol Lichtenstein. u (Romigh). . 10l| 2 ... 3 H 2 n It 2 n |Reed .. 3 9-2.
(0C32)]L*nsdO«rne, 4 <E. Fltzgtrald)! »7; 5 ... 5 Ct 5 2 4 2 3 l^lRoach 8-5 13-10
C13<» iPruewood 0 (J McA!ester). .] 94] 6 ... ttn «4 «« 4h ITravers ... 10 15
6090 lAma.«a a' <M. M. Rowley) I 961.3 ... In 1 *i '1 V% 5 15 IC. Smith... 6 .V
S774 !>H McGregor II a <B. & W.)il0l| 4 ... 4 1 4 1 2 B3 iBell 7 12
3SCS [Impromptu a (Painter) 11031 7 7 37 5 75 75 jBuxton .... 20 40
iContestant. ."> (Diamond & J.)jlO31 8 ... S 8 8 8 |J. T. Shehn 20 100
Time— :24 I i. :4!\ 1:13/ At post 2H minute?. Oft at 3:5fl"2." Quiz." place, 5-2; ahow, 1.
Sol. place. 3-2; show. 1-2. Lansdowne. show. out. Winner, b. g. by St. Florlan-Queens
town. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched — Benla*h. Alice Carey. Ripper. Start good.
Won in a drive of four. Quiz was well ridden. Uchtenstein would have won if Reed
could hav«? prevented him from bcarlnB oot. He bothered Ar.iaaa all through the stretch.
Away better, Lansilowne would have won. Prucwood will do in cheaper company. Mc-
Gregor had speed.
017.1. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 50 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
ladexl HorFe and Owner. jWt^St. Vi . '4. ?i . Str. Fin. ! Jockey I Op. Cl.
i 1 j |__ I
GOBI iHorion a (Bianchl & McG.).. 1C0! 3 0 6 6 S n 1 h IJ. Martin.. S-5 11-5
(;!.'{« :The Fretter a (O'Rourke) !l<*0| <I 2 1^2 2 2 12 12 l^lSherwood .. "> 0
C.i'J- Chicka<3ee 5 (McCafferty) ilOOl 2 11 In lh In. 12 iHonner 10 15
Ci:?.> ir'Ulc d'Or'. a (G. D. Ken>-on)! BSI 5 5 '-i ."• ij 4 1 Sit 4 1 C. Smith...] : 20 30
<<M.ni Byroncrdale. 4 (J. M Cran*» 10.'.: 4 4 % 4 15 'i 4 1^5 4 Travcrs ... 11-5" • 2
trvv.) Outburst, a (J. J. McAlcster)!10r.i 1 3 2 3 % 3 >! 6 6 J. T. Shehnl 12 25
CHS IMr. Dingle. 4 (E. TIerney). .| 95| Left |Roach | 3 13-5
Tim* — £~tt4' 'SO 1:16%; ll**%" 1:47. At post '4 minute. Off at 4:24. Horton, place,
4-5; vhow. 2-T.. Fretter. place. 3; show. (j-5. Chickadee, show, 2. Winner, ch. h.
by El Rayo-Fueilladf's Last. Trained by O. A. Bianchl. Start good for all but Mr.
Dingle. Won in a hard drive of three. Horton far from being at his best; only got up
aftrr a long, hard drive. The Fretter ran a fair race. Byronerdale did not like the
slop and sulked. Mr. Dingle not straight when barrier went up.
TENNIS SCHEDULE
IS DISORGANIZED
Inclement Weather on Wash
ington's Birthday Causes
Postponement of Matches
The rainy weather of last Sunday
and Monday played havoc with the
schedule of the tennis clubs on both
sides of the bay. The Alameda Coun
ty championships were postponed. . If
possible they will be held this after
noon and to-morrow. The class tour
nament of the Golden Gate Club,
which was postponed in order not to
interfere with the events across the
bay, will again have to be (postponed
and will be played on the Sunday fol
lowing the completion of the Alameda
tourneys.
The fourth class, which with the
first class was commenced two weeks
ago, will be completed to-morrow.
The other three classes are set for a
week from Sunday.
The handicap doubles tournament
which the California Club men set for
Washington's birthday has been put
over to the first dry Sunday. It will
be played to-morrow if the weather
permits. The cup holders are Her
bert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe. The
following teams have entered:
Schmidt and Rolfe. C. J. Smith and
Frank Mitchell, Will Allen and Dr.
Hill, Dr. McChesney and R. T. Craw
ford. Ray Spllvalo and Ray Cornell
and Long brothers.'
The drawings for the Alameda
County championship tournament
were slightly mixed. The Murdock
brothers were placed in the lower half
«i:X» Gateway «Lottridre) 105
KM5 Soianus (Jennings) 108
Sixth race — One mile and seventy yards;
four- year-olds and up; selling.
W)51 Forest King " (Jones) 108
r.itzi 'Flaneur iMcCafferty) 100
<el tr!)*Uiderot ( Atkin) 107
<C14N)L»<ly Kent (Wellman) 103
(Cltl)Hipponax (Lane) 100
0151 'Hainault (Thomas & Reavey) 107
6103 Axminster (Randall) 105
•Apprentice allowance.
FBOBABLE WINNERS.
First race — Narra O, Elliott, Black
thorn.
Second race — Gloomy Oni, Bob Baron,
Ky Order.
Third race — Fat Uorrisiey, Alice
Carey. Dr. Sherman.
Fourth race— Kecilworth, Nlfrrette.
Joe Lesser.
Fifth race — Judire. Solanu*. Sonfrlere.
Sixth race — Eainanlt, Diderot, Axmin
ster. .^rj.
"Bridge Whist." "Five Hundred" and
all other tally cards. "Military Euchre,"
"Flinch.*-' "Panic." "Pit" and all the new
backs in Congress playing cards. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market et, *
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
GARDNER AND ROOT.
IX A DRAWN BATTLE
Fight Six Fast Hounds at Chicago in
Which Both Are
Punished.
CHICAGO, Feb. 26. — Jack Root of
this city and George Gardner of Low
ell, Mass., fought a six-round draw
here to-night.
The fight was fast throughout and,
with the exception of the third round,
when Root had the better, and the
fifth, when Gardner evened up the
advantage Root had gained, the fight
was even.
Root played for the Jaw and Gard
ner for the body all through. Root
landed frequently on 3 the jaw in the
third round and at the close Gardner
was hanging on. In the fifth round
Gardner gave Root a severe pounding
on the body and sent him to his cor
ner badly weakened. Both men fought
desperately in the last round. ..Root
landed a hard right on the jaw that
forced Gardner to clinch. He recov
ered quickly, however, and evened
matters up by a series of heavy body
blows. Both men were bleeding bad
ly at the finish. -
with MacGavin and Variel and the
Baker brothers. It has since devel
oped that the Murdock brothers are
the last team in the upper half. This
lessens the chances of some of the
teams in this half, but will make the
: matches better not only in the finals,
but in the preliminary rounds. With
the Murdock brothers and Carl Gard
ner and Clarence Griffin in the upper
half and the Baker brothers and Mac-
Gavin and Variel in the lower the
finals will be much more' interesting.
The correct drawing is as follows:
Preliminary round— S. Talcott and W. Mil
wain vb. JF\ Webster and Gage; Lee and Rob
bins vb. C. Griffin and C. Gardner; G. Janes
and H. Ruhsell v«. K. Otis and Gott; N. Fos
| ter and R. Parr vs. R. Gorrlll and R. Heath;
, J. Code and A. Drabant vh. W. Cooke and E.
Ames; J. Francis and O. Lowell vs. Murdock
brothers; C McDufty and R. Clinch vs. G.
Finkenstedt and W. Porter; H. Palmer and.
partner vs. C. Dunlap and C. Foley; H. Med
i craft and M. Sherrard vs. It. Mann and G.
Finch; N. Ambrose and Marius Hotchklss vs.
S. Gayness and J. Lewis; Baker brothers vs.
: J. D. MacGavin and R. Variel. >
First round (upper half)— H. Biddle and Mil.
ler Hotchklss vs. F. T. Turner and Spencer.
First round (lower half) — G. Bates and E.
Finnegan vs. F. Adams and G. Lytton; R.
| Drollar and H. Gabriel a bye.
The president of the East Oakland
Tennis Club makes the following an
nouncement:
The Alameda County championship sanies,
postponed on account of rain, will be played
cC on Saturday, the 27th In6t., and Sunday,
the 28th. Games will be called at 2 p. m. oh
; Saturday and B a. m. on' Sunday. The follow
ing: sets of opponents In the singles are re
quested to be present and play off. their
matches on Saturday:
G. Lytton vs. . H. Adams, J. Lewis vs. p
: Carlton, G. Baker vs. C. Foley. G. Janes vs.
B. H. Arnold. J. D. MacGavin vs. G. Fink,
H. Long vs. C. Brabant. E. Finnegan vs. J.
Brady, Heath vs. Newell. J. Code vs. P. Mur
dock, Bates vs.- Wayne, R. Smilie vs. i% Dun
lap. Ambrose vs. Gayness, Turner vs. Haynes
E. Otis vs. Parr, Gorrlll vs. Gardner. -
If any of the foreroin? players cannot com
pete on Saturday the tournament committee
would like to be advised. of It before Saturday
noon in order to arrange some of the doubles
matches in their place. Players will kindly
notify E. Ames, pbgne Main 349. San Fran
cisco. .
. The doubles matches will not be called until
Sunday but if any of the opposing teams arc
present on Saturday arrangements can ' be
made for them to play* ■ .
CHESTER BEATS
BIG JIM FOX IN
FOUR-ROUND GO
Joe Carroll Is Given Decision
Over W./ Leonard - Amid
Hisses From the Spectators
LUNDIE BESTS McGARTHY
Second Xiglit of the Boxing
Show at Olympic Club Is
Exciting 1 and Interesting
The big gymnasium of the Olympic
Club fairly echoed with the sound of
rebounding blows and the atmosphere
about the ring was all but mixed with
gore last night before the final contest
of the amateur boxing tournament had
been' decided. It was a gala night for
the lovers of the manly art. As fast as
two- boxers had gone through the for
mality of punching each other another
pair was ever ready to step into the
ring and do likewise. . ■.
In'all [seventeen hot scraps were on
the card. Fighters of every class and
fighters of all known styles vied with
one' another for honors in "the roped
arena' On the whole, thfe representa
tives of the AVinged "0" were success
ful. Harry Chester captured the^.rriain
event of the evening in the light heavy
weight class from James Fox after ,a
mill that was replete with sensational
going. ■'■-,■'.-• y' '-'.;. ■ ";
Fox started in at the Olympic Club
lad and seemed to be" cantering home
with victory when the tall youth took. a
hunch, and then the scrapping wa"s fair
ly well on. Chester was groggy when he
made his final stand, but the shouts of
the crowd encouraged him and he sailed
into Fox and landed swing after swing.
This all happened in the second
round. In the third Fox came up strong
again, and it was wallop for wallop,
with both men all-in and ready to stay
on the carpet if they happened to, fall.
An extra round was called, and Chester
was the king of this one. He forced the
fighting all the way, and although
groggy at the finish was declared the
winner. • .
CROWD 1IISSKS DKCISIOX.
Joe Carroll, the jabbing jid from the
Occidental Club, wrested the* honors, in
the 125-pound class from Billy Leon
ard, the Olympic Club man, after an
extra round had been reeled off. It was
an unpopular decision, as Leonard
forced the fighting from the tap of the
gong and was willing tv take two
punches In order to land one. Carroll
would not mix it and insisted on stay
ing away and pegging with his left.
It was even after three rounds had
been gone through," and the. judges re
fused to give a decision. . In the fourth
Leonard maintained his rushing tactics
and seemed to have Carroll on the road
to the land of the groggy. The judges
decided against their own club man and
the crowd hissed and hissed and said
many unkind things.
Tom McGreal, the tough looking mid
dle-weight, lost and won. He beat
George Murray in the first go, land
ing at will and making a good show
ing. Murray was afraid of McGreal's
wallop and was also wild with his
swings, so the decision was McGreal's
by a length. The latter went up
against Frank Smith in the final bout
of the night and Smith was beating
him so badly that Referee Graney stop
ped the fight in the third round. Mc-
Greal seemed tired after the first round
and, though game to the core, never
had a chance with Smith.
Bob Lundie was given the palm over
Jack McCarthy in the main lightweight
go of the night and this made the spec
tators angry. It: was a real tough bat
tle and an extra round had to be called.
Lundie forced the fighting all the way.
but McCarthy was clever and did some
good work. At that Lunaie had him
all but out in the last round.
YOUNG FIGHTS TWICE.
. Al Young was on for two bouts. His
first was with Bert Marsh. The latter
did not have a look in and the bout
was stopped in the second round. It
came nearly as easy for Young in the
other bout, for his opponent, Charles
Cooper, was helpless and the fight-was
stopped in the first.
Cooper in the meantime had out
pointed James Young. James MC-
Cann went to the carpet for keeps in
the second round of his go with James
Ryan and Joe Sharkey was not as fast
as his namesake, fqr Willie Wolfe took
all the fight out of him in a round.
Chic little \Willie Dwyer, the
feather, lost to Eddie Carroll in three
rounds after having beaten Joe Leahy
nearly to death in the earlier part of
the evening. Willie fought well at
that and seemed to be winning till the
third round. Then Carroll came
strongly and his many leads won him
the fight. Carroll was also the hero
of two engagements, winning his first
go of three rounds from Al Ridge.
Bob Cairns mixed it with Frank
Flores and won after the mill had
gone the limit. Flores was not wise
and commenced to get in his good
wallops when it was too late. Cairns
showed his usual carelessness, and if
Flores was only possessed of a little
more solid ring sense Bob would cer
tainly have taken a trip to dreamland.
Harry Tenny and Barney Driscoll
came through with the . best fight
among the little men. Tenny won
the decision, though it was close. Both
boys fought hard and , were ready and
willing to take any kind of a chance.
Georgie Finnegan nearly scared Eddie
Smith out of the ring .before their
bout was a minute old and it had to
be stopped. Clever Jack . Lenahan
won handily from Dave Campbell in
a tame three-round affair.
"Dixie Kid" a Winner.
FRESNO. , Feb. 26. — "Dixie Kid"
knocked out John Solomon of Fresno
in' the eleventh round of a scheduled
twenty-round • go j before | the , Central
California Athletic Club 'to-night. At
no stage 7 of the game did Solomon
have a chance, being outpointed ;in
every "way, but he displayed remark
able 'gameness and 'ability to stand
punishment ;
CORBETT IS TRAINING HARD
FOR THE SULLIVAN FIGHT
Little Champion Is Taking No Chances of Defeat at Hands
.of the New York Boxer— He Is Made a Tcp-Heavy
-■■ Favorite Over the Man He Now Meets for First Time
DAVE SULLIVAN, THE NEW YORK FEATHER-WEIGHT BOXER. WHO
IS TO' MEET YOUNG CORBETT. THE CHAMPION, IN MECHANICS'
' PAVILION ON MONDAY NIGHT. ' " • '
If Dave Sullivan can lower the colors
of Champion Young Corbett in their
bout before the Yosemite Club in Me
chanics' Pavilion on' Monday night his
friends can win a furniture car full of
silver on the fight.
Corbett's backers are full of confi
dence in his ability to whip Sullivan
Inside of ten rounds. They first of
fered odds of 2 to 1 without any takers.
Ten to four was offered yesterday and
still there was nothing doing. It is
expected the liberal odds of 10 to 2\t.
will be offered before the men enter
the ring.
Corbott will surely be ' in condition
as he has to work hard to do the re-
WOMEN GOLFERS
IN TEAM MATCH
Championship of Southern
California to Be Decided
Next Week at Los Angeles
The handicap over eighteen holes,
medal play, for the ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club that was set down
for Washington's birthday did not take
place on that day on account of the
heavy rain and the sodden condition
of the course. The next event ar
ranged for the members of the Ladles'
Annex is a team match on
morning, March 8.
On Saturday, March 5, there will be
handicap foursomes over eighteen
holes, medal .play, on the San Fran
cisco course tor men. The drawing for
partners will take place at. 2:30 p. m.
The winning couple will receive prizes.
The only competition that took' place
on any of the courses near San Fran
cisco on Washington's 'birthday was
held on the Adams Point course, where
eight hardened golfers entered a com
petition over nine holes, match play,
substituted for the handicap over thir
ty-six holes that had been planned. In
the opening round, which began at 11
a. m., F. Kales beat Arthur Goodall,
W. P. Johnson beat J. H. Ames, J. O.
Cadman defeated J. A. Folger and E.
R..Folger won from George de Golia.
In the second round W. P. Johnson
beat F. Kales and E. R. Folger de
feated J. O. Cadman. In the final round
W. P. '« Johnson proved victorious over
E. R. Folger.
The competition over seventy-two
holes, medal play, for the open cham
pionship of; Southern California will be
held on the. links of the Los Angeles
Country Club on Friday and Saturday,
March 4 and 5... Any golfer, whether
a professional or an amateur, may en
ter, the prizes .won by. professionals
being paid in money, while plate will
be awarded to amateurs. \
The first eighteen holes will be played
on Friday, morning,. March. 4, begin-
quired weight. He takes his indoor
exercise all muffled up in flannels and
still maintains a roaring tire in the
gymnasium. Owing to his temperate
habits in recent months he is always
in good physical condition. It is ex
pected he will take Sullivan a fast clip
on Monday night as he wants to get
through with his work as rapidly as
possible without taking a chance of in
juring his hands or of getting a severe
punishing.
Corbett has too much at stake next
month in his fight with Britt so he
wants to win his next start decisively.
Sullivan professes to believe he will
defeat the champion and ring-goers ar«
anxious to see how near he can come
to doing it.
ning at 9 o'clock; the second eighteen
holes in the afternoon, beginning at 1
o'clock; the third eighteen holes on
Saturday morning, March \ beginning
at 9 o'clock, and the last eighteen holes
in the afternoon, beginning at 1 o'clock.
The fourth annual competition for
the men'B amateur championship of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association will
be played on the links of the Los An
-geles Country Club ■ on Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday, March
9, 10. 11 and 12. >;;
Student Athlete Is Suspended.
CHICAGO, Feb. 26. — On the charge
of "cheating in class work," Fred Bell,
the crack distance runner of the Uni
versity of Chicago, has been suspended
for the quarter and debarred from all
athletic contests for the year. The ac
cusation against Hall is that he copied
a geological map from the work of
another student. Hall's defense is
that the work was assigned to be done
outside of classroom hours and that
he d!d not know it was not permitted
for two students to work together.
Fisher Signs Phil Knell.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 26. — Manager
Fisher of the Tacoma baseball team
to-day made the announcement that
he had signed Phil Knell as one of his
pitchers for next season. Knell- has
lived In this city for some time. He
is a southpaw and is one of the vet
erans of the game. ; ..'
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
,:•*. Slall Tils Orfler to Th» San rrmcaoUco Can WltX 73a.
The San Francisco Call.
• San Francisco. CaLj
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me ont
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
"Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
. ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c i*
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr , •
STREET .;..« - ;
CITY -
STATE -
GLENNEVIS WINS
THE HANDICAP
FROM BEST MAN
Beats the Favorite and Mezzo
at Six Furlongs in a Stir
ring Finish at Ascot Park
TKREE CHOICES SCORE
Two-Yeai-Old Kace Eesults
in an Easy Victory for Air
ship. AVhich Beats El Otros
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 26. — Horses
ran to form at Ascot to-day and three
favorites came home in front. The
other three races were won by short
priced second choices. On the whole,
the talent had a successful day's specu
lation. The best race on the card was
the fourth, at six furlongs, a high
weight handicap. Best Man ruled fa
vorite, at 8 to 5, with Glennevis and
Mezzo at threes. These three, together
with Dargin, at 4, carried a world of
money. Glennevis won by a nose. Best
Man was second and Mezzo third.
A mile and three-sixteenths selling
race fell to Foriunatus, the favorite.
His Eminence was second and Labor
third.
Laureatea, at 5 to 2,won the first race
by a nose from Hilary, with Miss Betty
third.
Airship proved much the best in the
two-year-old race and won easily from
El Otros and Lady Lasca. The winner
was 1 to 2.
Ultruda took the third, at seven fur
longs, with Canejo second and Milas
third. "Weather cloudy; track good.
SUMMARY.
F|rst race six furlongs, selling — Laureatea
110' (Hildebfand) 2 to 1. won: Hilary 117
(Ross) 13 to 1. second: Miss Betty JKt (J.
Lewis). 2 to 1 third. Time. 1:16. Meteora.
Jack Richelieu Jr.. Basaanio. Gibraltar. Piquet.
Mlstletlde. Athelrose. K-taiu. Jim Gore II and
Lady Rice also ran.
Second race, two-year-olds, four furlongs —
Airship 110 (Hildebrand). ff to 20. won; T\
Otros 110 (PhlUlps>, 10 to 1, second; La. J
Lasra 11.' (Redfern), 5 to 2. third. Time, :4y.
Plrella also ran.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Ultrud*
12-t <Prlor). 11 to 5. won; Canejo 122 (Uedfern).
8 to .1. second: Ullas 12O (Kelley). :: to 1.
third. Time. 1:29 Vi. Legal Maxim. Homage.
Almoner. MacGyle and Emir also ran.
Fourth race, free high-weight handicap, six
furlongs — Glennevla 115 (Redfern). :: to 1.
won; Best Man 1C2 (Mountain). 3 to 2. second;
Mezzo 99 (Hildebrand). 1« to 5. third. Time.
1:14, Huapala, Pat Bulger and Dargin al?o
ran.
Fifth race one and three- sixteenths miles,
selling — Fortunatus 101 IJ. Lewis). l> to 10.
won: His Eminence 97 (IIildebrand>. 7 to 5.
second; Labor 104 (SlnnotO, 15 to 1. third.
Time. 2:01*4. Diamante and Admetus also
ran.
Sixth race, one ml!c, selling — McGrathlana
Prince 1CS (Wonderly). 7 to 2. won; Iras 107
(Redfern) 6 to 5. second; Louwelsea 111 <L.
Jackson).'? to 1. third. Time. 1:41 U,. In
augurator. Sherry. Phyz. Turtle. L>r. Short*.
Major Dlxon and Capitol also ran.
RACING AT HOT SPRINGS.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Feb. 26.— Essex Park
summary:
First race, one mile — El Ghor won. Amota
second. Martjmarco third. Time. l:M'-i.
Second race, three furlong* — Woodclalm won.
Charlie's Aunt eecond. Fay Templeton third.
Time. :38.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Sain
Houston won, Martiua second. Cloudy -third.
Time, 1:07.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, hurdles —
Mrs. Grannan won. Bob Hiiliarl second,
Broadway third. Time. 1:58.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Low Cut wen.
Ingolthrtft second. Tennesse«an third. Time.
"sbcth race mile and a sixtt«ntn — Felix Bard
won. Full Back second. Satlncoat third. Time,
1:51 Vi-
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. ?#.— Crescent City
First* race. »!x furlongs — Balm of Gllead
won Lady Contrary second. Irene Mac third.
Time. 1:1-4 2-C. „
Second race, half a mile — Sweet P»pper won.
Isabella second. Truffle Hunter third. Time.
"18 2**£ *
Thlrti race, mile and a sixteenth— Ratcheward
wen. John Doyle «econd. Mlntbed third. Time.
1 *48 *
'Fourth race, six furlonjr*— Little Jack Homer
won. Optional second. HollicJc II third. Time.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— MacBeth,
won. Burning Glass second, Reckoner third.
Sixth race. ''mile and seventy yards — Th*
Rcffent won. Bengal s*cond. Jake Weber third.
Time, 1:44 2-5.
MORLEY'S RESIGNATIOX
V MAY BE WITHDRAWN
Ban Johnson Takes Sides With the
Los Angeles Manager in the
Dillon -Matter.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 26. — The Los
Angeles Baseball Association appar
ently has won out in its dispute with
the Brooklyn National League team
for the services of First Baseman
Frank Dillon. Manager James F.
Morley of the local team, who resigned
on Wednesday night because the Pa
cific Coast League had voted to release
Dillon to Brooklyn, received the fol
lowing telegram to-day from Ban
Johnson, president of the American.
League, and one of the conferees at
the meeting recently of baseball mag
nates at San Francisco:
"National League has no Jurisdic
tion over Dillon. My understanding
you .retain Ed Dillon, assuming you
had first contract with that player."
This telegram is in answer to one
sent to Johnson last night asking if
the National Association of Minor
Leagues has any jurisdiction over Dil
lon, who is claimed by a major league
club.
Johnson has taken Morley's view of
the matter and it is reasonably cer
tain that Dillon will remain with the
Los Angeles team and that Morley's
resignation will not be acepted. by the
local association.
1112
;on>r ». SPRKCKELS. Proprietor.
Ittns onmaintfliB a WM MffliBBBft ,wm
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A<k for TIIE CALL The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You \\ isn.
Tt:blica.:icn Offic* Market «n^ Third. S. F.
Ediloilal Room to 2^1 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. SO CU. Per Week. 78
Cts. Ter Month. Single Cori's 5 Cents.
Tens* by M^il. Including Pof.age (Cash With
DAILY CXIA. (Irriud. Sunday). 1 year. .<-$S <*>
DAILY CALL (inrlu.l. Sunday). « moe 4 O0
DAILY CALI^-By S'.r.ple Month »'■
FIXIlAV CALL 1 V.ar *•*}
WEEKLY CALL. I Year LOO
FOI'EIGV riJaliy . . .$S.SO Per Year Extra
■rcrinv A Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
rufcTA^h. [weekly! 1.00 Tcr Yrar Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6«mple Copies wi:i be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall *ub*erlber* ln ordering change of ad-
Crrr* ehould be particular to give both NEW
ANI) OLD ADDRESS Ir. order to Insure a
j.rompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ue*t.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
JI18 Broadway Telephone Main 1083 j
BERKELEY OFFICE.
»3<8 Center Street Telephone North 7T j
Washington correspondent.
6AMUEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
w«:<Jcrf-Astor» Hotel- A. Bretano. 31
Vnion Squar*; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-BVe-
eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fhfrman House; P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; P»:tf>er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS..Marquette- Building
(Long Distance Telrjjhrn*-. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BTEXXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca!! corner Market and Third streets: op«n
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
j(V<; Market *tre*t, opposite Fifth; open uatll
11 I', nr
t27 Montgomery street corner Clay; open un-
;!1 9:30 p. m.
MO Have* b-trwt; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllirter street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
SIS L«rl:in street; open until !>::«> p. m.
1911 MisFicn mreet; open until 10 p. m.
£;n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til a p. m.
300 Eleventh rtreet; open until 8 p. tn.
J0TX5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. va.
Rcrtnwcat corner of Twenty-eeeond and Ken-
tucky rtreete; open until 9 p. m.
MKKTI.NG NOTICES.
I'A.'-T MASTERS 1 Association of Call- a
forr.Ia. F. and A. M. — Annual meet- f\
in;r and election of officers THIS /SrV
(SATURDAY) EVENING. at 8 <-£•
o'clock. By order of the president.
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
SAN FRANt-ISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal fi
Ar<*h ItamM. meet* THIS (^ATrR-vV
1>AY» AFTERNOON, at 2:30 o'clock- /V\
also THIS EVEXIKG, at 7:.J0 o'clock
I»pr.-.- 4. H. <;. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R A ffl
M.. will irxet THI? DAY <SATUR-VV
DAT). February 27. at 2:30 p. m.. /\A
nr.a al»> at 7 :.'Jo p. ro. M. M.. P. il.
and M. E. M. depree*. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodpe No. 130. F. and A. M.. a
Mas-unlc Temple, will meet THIS**A#
EVENING. 7 O'clock. 1 I).
GEORGE_PENLINGTON. Sec.
PACIFIC LrnijreNo. 136. F. and A.M., will m
mett on SUNDAY. February 2S. at 9 'VV'
a. m., to attend the funeral of our ,^^V
late brrther, LOCIS ELKUS, of ,
Washington Lodge No. 20. Sacramento Mas-
ter Masons are "invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
"'RIENTAS Lodge No. 144, F. and A O
•*. — Officers and members are rt-w
qoeeted to attend the funeral of
WALTER SCOTT BROWN. P M.
from the Masonic Temple. SUNDAY at *»
o-clrx-k p. m. Master Masons, relatives and
friends are cordially Invited.
, A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
CRAFTSMEN'S Club— There will be a m
meeUns no SUNDAY, February 2S. atW
lit o ciock a. m.. at Masonic Temple, /V\
tar ihe purpose of effecting a perma- '
rent organization. All Master Masons cor-
ciially invited.
!<■ G. Gl'YETT, Sec, pro tern.
E-\CELSIOft Degree Lodge N» --m*-,.
•J. I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting •£>*££&£%-
TH1P ' C ATI'I'.DAV) EVENING -- <^^?A?
Thirl decree. "^KlttM'
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
ANNUAL MEETING— Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
«)f the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the
o:r.ce cf the company. 327 Market street.
lutir. 4. «.■ ■ i.i floor, in the cfty and county
of San Francisco. State of California on
SATURDAY, the Sth day of March. A. D.
liKM. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting Transier
bock* will close on TUESDAY, February 23
1004. «t the hour of 3 o'clock d m
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company. 327 Market st. dan
Francisco. CaL '
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany—The regular annual raeetlng of th«
♦ tockholder* of the HAKALAU PL K VTA
TION COMPANY will be held at the offlci
cf the company. 327 Market s t. (room 4
►eccnd. floor), in the city and county of San
FramlM-o. State of California on WFD-
NESDAY. the 2d day of March, 1904 «t
the hour or 11 o'clock a. tn., for the pur-
pote of electing a Board of Directors to
terve for th- ensuing year, and for the
transaction of fuch other business as may
rrc;*>rly come before the meeting Trans-
ier bucks will close on SATURDAY Febru-
ary 20, 19C4, at the hour of 3 o'clock a m.
H. XV. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Pla^l
tation Company. 327 Market st.. San Fran-
ciaco^ California. San Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
NOTICE of annual BtcfckhoMers' meeting Th»
regular •nnual noting of stockholders
C Yi E OC J.*'-? J Oil - Coni «'*ny <» corporation)
»-!,l be he!d at the office />f the company
«l-venth floor. Hayward building. San Fr»n
citco California, on MONDAY. 20th dav
cf February. 19(*. at the hour of 10 a m
fcr the purpose of electing a Board of Dfrec-t
or; to Kerve for the ensuing year and the
trar.f»ctl"n of such ether business aa mav
ico-ie before the meeting. Thi» noitce is
print- 6 In the San Francisco Call by order
and direction of Board of Director* of A.
toeiated Oil Company. ■'
r«-« *- ° SCRIBN 'ER. Secretary.
Office-Eleventh floor. Hayward building,
fan Franclyco. Cal. Dated Feb. 10. I»04.
THE California IXbrla Commission having re^
cflved application to mipe by hydraulic urc-
,' e " ;r° m «he New Highland Gold and Cop-
j«-r Minlnc Compary. Jn Mamaluke gravel
rr.ine. near Oeorsetown. El Dorado Countv
V dra ' nSn K Into Canyon Creek, which
teaches American River, gir« notice thjt
L,?,,? 1111 *: "in ** held at room 9C F ood
building. San Francisco. Cal.. March 7. m*
"t j '■••<> p. tn.
A i?'Jl V ' K '*. n " WS toT 5 ceRt '— The Weekly Call
IC pages, in wrapper.for mailing. $1 per year.
AGEXTS WASTED.
i!HN and women for city and counjry zgon^-
weekly salary, expenses or commission; Steady
empl-.yn-.ent. ir_-s McAllister M.. 9-li am
AGENCIES fcr every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal termi iu
Pogt rt.. San Francisco. Cal.
AayXBTISEISEHT WKITINO.
HAVING recently acquired through'XxchanVe
I of property three $40 Rcholarships in the best
College of Advertising In the United States
1 will kJI them at 25 per cent discount for
<-aKh: the college teachea advertisement writ-
ing by corre*i>ondenc« and assists Its grad-
t'ate* to (secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address J>ox 3(>2fi,'CalI
A T'l O It XE Vf ~ AT-L A \V. -
w.~hT~bTttn er. ~~
attorney and counselor at law
AdvW Free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels Buildlac
EMvorces quietly and legally obtained" for
tishl cause*; damage* secured for injuries to
jjen-on or estate; replevins for property un-
laulully detained: attachmenu and garnlsh-
Biests for debts: bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: w«JU probated ; estates settled;
collections made ln all part* of the U. S. <
ATTOn\EV-AT-LA\V — Continncd.
A P11IVATK. quick divorce fur a small fee. •
See me and MVl money: no pay in advance.
G. W; HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT- LAW.
Ertablfabed 22 yn>. ; rms. 1. 2. :i. 4 & 3. let fl.
IIL'2 Markt-t St., .between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.j
Cti^ flcor, entrance room Gil; established 20
years: all cases, general court and olfice prac-
; tlce: r-Ojfee in advance or for consultation;
| evpiilngs by appointment. Tel. R?d 3061.
ADVICE 'FREE.
foluniMan Lav.- und Collection Agency.
Room S.Y 91C. Market *«_: tel. John «220.
E] B. CLARK. D27 Market :.t. : consultation
fret; no f e< s in advance; ot>en evenings.
DIVORCE— CoFte. $12; quick, quiet: advlco
fr^e: eppn rvrnir.es* fC7 M.irVet Ft., rm. "01.
DIMXKSS CHAKCK3.
JV — $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery. a\i raging about .$'J !>(> per day; ex-
t^n^e» about $5 per day: will tel! or trade
for lodging- hcuse. See R. G. V1LKE. -'(j^i
Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in choic-
erV Incaticn; rent $S0; daily receipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
AV1LKE. 2f.^ Kearny st.
A— SS50: CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
"WILKE. 2O'/i Kearny Bt.
A — $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.:
no opposition; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE, 2li^ Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay, with lot 50x100;
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $^000; not all cash required; a
good business. Call R. G. . WILKE. 26%
Kearny Ft.
A— $750; SALOON: estab. many years; 3 years"
leas-e; rent $.'.0'; located close to Kearny and
California ots. ; elf pant fixtures; a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See It. G.
AV1LKET. 2C% Kearny Et.
A — $+000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. S*e R. G. WILKE, H6% Kearny st.
A— $3W<>: GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland: close to theaters;
r«-nt $70 and & flrst-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $12C0; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrels
p*r day: daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2UVi Kearny st.
A — (1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
6tore; close to Market and Stockton sts. :
large etbek; clears at least $230 per month;
*ull value in sight; a splendid offer. Bee R,
G. WILKE. 2tHi Kearny st.
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy 6tore,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 2<i»i Kearny St.
A — $220tt; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St., Market and Stockton;
piece cpeaks fcr itself: all particulars. R.
G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease: rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26 \i Kearny st.
A — $450; FURNITURE store on Valencia St.,
witli large basement. 2 living rooms; rent
$22 50; investigate this cheap offer and a
great bargain. R. G. WILKE, 2(i% Kearny.
A— $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses. 0 wagons; busi-
n-ss estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
H Eddy Et., cor Market and Powell.
Heaiquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster end chop houses $350 to ?10CO
Candy and Ue parlors. ..$200 to 52500
I'-arlxr shops $5iK) to $2o(>0
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Kestaurznts $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $.100 to $1000
L'rug stores $2«00 to $6000
Delicatessen etores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards J250 to $1000
F<".n sale cr trade — Quartz mine; fine proppect;
located in Cal.; usaya $40 to $70 ton; trade
for i'mg hcitse or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR tale — One ot the best restaurants ln city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $1U> day; will
b~ur investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; .^rent
$40, well located; clearing $.itiO per month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
stand strict investigation; price $S0OO.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot oi' best Interior
city in State; less than 3 hours' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 3»5-room furn. I
hotel, with barns sheds, etc.; 3 years' Tease;
can got longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chickens, etc.; big money to be made;
price *22. r .'J; account death. CAMERON &
CO.. :> Eddy st.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1S46
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market Kt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A SPECIAL bargain — Barber shop, 5 chairs,
30 baths; Sixth-st. location; lease. See
BROOKBANK.
A — SPECIAL bargain i^oyster and chophouse;
old established; fine location. Make offer to
BROOKBANK.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; g<^>d trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— $200; PARTNER in well-established offlce
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brcokbank.
A— $700; SALOON; old established; finely fit-
ted; Al location; cheap rent; :{ years' lease;
den't fail to tee this. BROOKBANK.
A — $000: OYSTER and chop house; corner busy
St.; dally recpts $30; cheap rent. Brookbank.
THE Twentieth Century Co.. f>27 Market St.,
room 21h.. has tho best money maker for
Balesmen on the market: It is a ready seller
and big profits.
SEE the Twentieth .Century Co. fcr a good In-
vestment. Room 21S. Emma Spreckels bldg.
U27 Market st.
FOR the newest device on the market, see the
Twentieth Co., room 21S, Emma
SprecUels bldg., 927 Market Et.
A DELICACY and branch bakery; one of the
best propositions in the city; established four
years.; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
SKIRM. « Eddy f t.. room 72.
BARBERS, attention! • Fine downtown shop, 4 !
chairs: Al business; only $300; 10 others.
SKIRM, 6 Eddy ft., room 71
I WILL sell at a reasonable price my half-
!r.'.*r*i-t In a lumber yard and planing mill
In a *ood luwn not far from San Francisco;
have a good trade and business Is Increasing.
Address box 25S3. Call office.
A GROCERY ln a first-class mlnltg
town wtthin a day's ride of this city; good
traoe and I will sell as I have other and
l&rgei Interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 2006. Call offlce.
PHOTO supply store: fine locality; good fu-
ture: advised to sell on account of failing
health. For particulars call at 134 Twelfth
ct.. 10 a. in. until 12 m.
$300— PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, In
thoroughly t'FtablUhed, good paying refresh-
ment parlor and grove; 45 minutes from San
Francisco. H.. box 2147. Call Offlce.
WANTED — A partner in a good river-boat en-
terprise. Box 2055, Call office.- .--'-'i;
FOR sale — At Invoice, general merchandiss
store; good location: a great bargain. Sea-
I'ENNELL SUYDAM, 10 Spear st.. S. F.
WANTED— A saloon, water front cr whole-
Mile d'.Ftrlct: state price; no agents. Ilex
2SC8. Call office. > .
52C0 — GOOD payin? restaurant; near station on
Key Route. Oakland; must sell on account of
other business. 1201. Call bldg.
GROCERY, wholesale liquor; fine chance for
man and wile or two young men; cheap
rent; sickness. Address 1504 Guerrero st.
ESTABLISHED x!adi«i' tailoring business for
sale; must be sold at once; good reasons' for
gelling. Addr*-FS box 1048. Call offlce. Oakland.
FOR eale — Oytter and chop house: in choicest
location; Including - furnished rooms ; cheap.
Address box 21.15., Call office.
DELICATESSEN ttore for sale in a good
butine«« location in Western Addition. Box
. 2554. Cfcll office
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBIfrUARY 27, 1904.
BUSINESS CnAlV CE S— ContlnneJ.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for Ipgal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money la our company.
GERMAXIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50.C00. .
027 Market Bt.; rooms 321. 322, 323. 324.
~HOTEirFOR~SALE.
New and modern; M) rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: larfje din-
ing room with 10 tablt-s and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; Jincst linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 years' lease; $10,000;' easy terms.
GERMAN I A INVEST.- CO.. 027 -Market »t.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
I $1000 cash and services secure Interest and
oriice of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
ard Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; liiKheyt references. .
[ UEKMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market St.
A — 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of 4100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in ri. i«\
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25 j will be worth ?200 by August, 1004.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market at.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent. $2500. part cash; corner
taloon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business, $2500. or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 2J2 Kearny st.
AN exclusive manufacturing business for
sale, all or one-half interest; patented ln the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
seller and big profits. Box 2062, Call.
$600— GROCERY and bar stocked; In good
location; roo«ns attached; rent cheap. Box
2M1. Call office.
A COFFEE saloon; easy payments; trial given:
no agents; finely furnished. Box 2245. Call.
THE Twentieth Century Co. has the best
money maker on market. R. 21S, 927 Market.
SAIXJON license for rale; price $300. Box
2127, Call office.
SALOON for eale on account of sickness of
proprietor. SS07 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — A rood salesman. Room 21S, Em-
ma Spreckels Mdg.. 027 Market st.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Call 321 Bryant.
WAXTED — A candy store: state price and full
particulars. Box 2550, Call.
SMALL hair dressing parlor; fine stock of hair
gcods: bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderick Bt.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
openea at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LOUGIXG-HOUStiS gQK SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$C0O down, balance 1& per cent; tine buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 t>er room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; lorg lease; clears $400 to {500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
8-rocm upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture: 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms: Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $50: $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price Jf8'-K).
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing
$S0 month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $15; price $550.
7- room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 room*: rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $000 per month; every room full; will
stand, the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
CO rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $2C0 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get in; must leave city;
price $2000.
100 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month: going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture: Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month: part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture: good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
40 rooms; rent only $C5; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar, well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
9-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
, 00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
anJ furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill ln
connection; best proposition ln city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $100 to $C00 per month; obliged to leave
city. ■.".= .:
•tO rooms; rent $93; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
5 rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $136; flrst-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maplo furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $05; price
$1SCO: half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms; rent $S5; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
th'ng; $1500.
71 room's; elegant, new, modern building; ln
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot ani cold water; everything
up-to-date; 9-year lease; >-ent only $200; clear-
lag ?250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
63 rooms; Market St.; rent only $300; fine
transient house; very central; liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to net In. balance time; big snap. _
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease: running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2S00.
05 rooms; rent only $150; close ln; thorough-
ly renovated; put In - first-class condition; can
be run transient If desired: clears now $1S3
per month: part cash, balance time; good
money-maker. -:
31 rooms; rent $110; ail light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap: only $SOO
to get In; must leave city at once;, price $1300.
127 rooms: rent $4 per room; new and mod-
ern building: (J years' lease; can, have 125
more rooms built adjoining; all men; always
full: clears $300 to $400 per month; fine prop-
osition. . ■ i v . '
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house; 10-
ye.hr lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
A — $1000; house of 30 rooms. 37 beds; rent $100,
lease or 4 years: good furniture; rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKIE. 20^ Kearny st.
A<-$'J.M): LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
JifO: located close to Market and Stockton; :
" good furniture and first-class paying. R. Q.
'•■i,KK. 20^4 Kearny st.
T<3 let — Fine rooming-house, unfurnished;
splendid location; cheap rent to desirable ten-
ant. Box 2243,. Call offlce. . ■ .
BN A P— Lodging-house. 100 rooms; furniture
pew;' this week only, at 24 Turk st.
54-ROOM corner house; Sixth, near Market;
house always lull; must sell. . Box 2110, Call.
25-ROOM lodging-house; good' payer; close in; I
, $1650. , 580 Tenth St.. '.Oakland. . . . . ■ . i
1 1 FREE] :^^'MOSf.;US.ErUL'.:.GirT )FREE|
! TO ALL CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
1 M NEXT ..SUNDAY'S. CALL
iThe. 66 Qlow" .NigHit Lamp 9
V • ' ■ ISTBATT-iY BOXED
! A SCIENTIFIC WONDER!
1 NO SMOKE! NO SMELL! NO WASTE!
| ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEAK.
/^^rz^HL/y / '"*iS /> &i»3Sb5fii=s28S&k. Lamp, sb-owing- conatruotioix of Bulb, if * : '^. -f '^'^^aS^Nw
ftn&^ r^#f^i\ J^^?^!^^^'$\ wlck and Ilifter as ln use> wlth /^I'yfrS'^^i^sk
' " . - Made in colors Opal, Green, Blue, .'^■fcssaSssaaKj^EJswE^^ i
Style No. X. Purple, Amber and Ruby. Style No. a. i
ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS. (
Invaluable for Bedrooms. Sick Chambers, All-night Hall and Bath Room Light, Nurseries, '
Lavatories, Dressing Rooms, Staircases, etc., etc. I
This invention has for its object the production of a novel -lamp, particularly desirable for use as a I
' night lamp. Lamps for this purpose need not produce a large flame; 'in fact, a comparatively small flame is (
1 more desirable, but it is also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without refilling <
i and without attention and without emitting any odor. These results are positively obtained. Directions
for use with each lamp. ' '
■ TELL YOUR WANTS— — ■ J
<£ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL | i
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR \
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising: medium. - <
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to '
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our '
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. \
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun- I
day's Call. ••
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisoo Call, corner Market and Third streets; '
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year. {
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until lLp. m. . / {
' . 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 8:80 p. m. '
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. -» (
■ * 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until l^p. m. ~~ I
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. ,
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p.m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,
1118 Broadway » Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE :
214S Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park Street
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
C. E. HINKLEL, PHONE MINT 706.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
2o rooms; mechanics' house; rent $40... $575
00 rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazing low price. $350
34 rooms; rent $00; Just think $1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
0 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up $130
20 rooms; clears $80; rent $40.. $850
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $00. ..$1000
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $63; terms... $950
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55.. . . .. .$1600
12 rooms; California st.; rent $50; snap. $750
10 rooms; Geary st. ;clears $40: rent $28 $500
18 rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $425
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
8 rooms; Post st.; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk St.: partially furnished. $450
$1000; 23 ROOMS: fine furniture and carpets:
north of Market; good. Income. Box 1754, Call.
FURNISHED house. 8 rooms and bath: must
sell; party leaving city. 311 Leavenworth st.
LODGING-HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — A good lodging house, one that
will bear investigation. Add, box 126. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
"advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful/ My wonderful magnet
will reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory, $2; readings dally. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, S p. m. 502 st.
ELISE BRAUN, renowned English psychic. My
readings demonstrate my wonderful powers.
8S0 Bush «=t. -.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance Sunday. 1 o'clock. $1. 1C84 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER, 325 Turk st. ; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read. dally;cir.Tues.&Thur.25c.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
0 :30 to 4 ; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
| slate-writer. 1113 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
■ ' Call at once and save \\.
His former $5 readings this week for :
$1. $1. $1. $1.. $L $1..'$1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE^ NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
You consult him.
(You to be full Judge.) .
PAUL DESTINE,
. The first registered trance clairvoyant and
■ Palmist ever In San Francisco.";
Read carefully. . An honest proposition
v I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and 'when you
. will marry, in fact • I . will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than . you can tell
yourself; 1 restore lost affections,- reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage,: make you
successful ln life, cure disease and lost VUal-
, lty, develop mediums,' give advice on mines
and buried treasures- and . insure you success
or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to B.
326— O'Farrell st.— 326. ,
MME. M.' BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clalrvoycnt and • business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St..' next Examiner
""- bldg; she reads 'your life correctly. - gives an
accurate description of: the past, reveals the
present happenings - and .' portrays events to
# occur: in. the future; It you , are in ' trouble
discontented, . or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con.
s «ult this great medium and you will be told
,. , how - to overcome ■ them; < valuable ■ advice in
-all affaire of life;' 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. TeL -Black 1569.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
ISMAR, the Egyptian' gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satlsfac-
j tory as ln person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
.. of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
mrs. e. m. sanders! ~~
Advice given on all kinds of business;
teacher of mental,, suggestion and the new
thought. 1000 Sutter st. Phone 25tiS Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
people ln San Francisco since our arrival;
they art satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. &"palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
-trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L., 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS lT WILLE. crystal seer, life reader:
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special, $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
MR1. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr^
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G.aave.
A — JIme, Ravenna reads life: business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS W^RD, clairvoyant. 917 Market, rocm-j
11-12: gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2014 Kearny. room 20: ladies. 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved frcm 132 tith to 23^ Gth; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 443*4 Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
i -16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
1 WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning AVorks. 1S09 Har^
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;t el. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main .".04. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carp*t-beatlng works: prlc°s
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. tel. Mission 2tS.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
: 1 333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 26.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad*-
, city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
j CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
(,. COTTAGES TO LET.
j NEW 3-room cottage in Sausalito; on beach;
. good bathing; will lease for lyear. CM.,
box 54, Sausalito. ■ ,
4 ROOMS: 8 Wolfe st: rent $12; key at 4
' Wolfe at. : Folpnm-st." cars. .:
CTTBES BUKl'UBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.: $100; rupture
<cure for S10; circular explains; send for one.
•'KKSS MAKERS AND SEA IMSTIlFJi* Kg
Accordion,' sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
' Patterns cut to measure; eve. class 1019 Mkt.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY?1jO4-5-6 CallaghTnTbidg^Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r. 14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Busti —
Set teeth, $1 00 up; crowns, $2 up;flllings, 2oc.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter
I EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT AND~DAY SCHOOLS for "men and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university: day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty instructors; private coaching; night
law school; instructors from University of
California and. Stanford University; Indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
- other privileges of the association if desired;
international certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men. strangers coming to the
city directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial Influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
j the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges tn the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less.' Instruction supe-
rior; we are not ln business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Practical Education for Men and Boys H. J.
McCoy. General Secretary, San Francisco.
iVAddress all communications to LE ROY
BURNS SMITH. Educational Director.
AYRES. . the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st.: established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling', etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; come and
Join the great school of the West: 75- page
catalogue. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref« President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bldg. .
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
B children's classes are npw open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand touch typing,
languages.- telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LAXIGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F Business
College. 1236 Market St. *
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be coni-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market: catalog.
GUITAR, mandolin . and piano $3 per mo :
mandolin club $1 per mo, 828* Halght at. "
ESPANOL — Metodo practico y progreslvo
Rafael Serrano, 530 California, cuar to nm. *I
EDrCATIOVAI>— Co»jMnn»rt.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bW.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, tauch typing arLh..
spelling, writing, etc. ; day eve. : %\ mo. eve.
HEALDS School of Mines & Electricity. 2*P°'*
st S F- a practical school of engineering.
complete 'equipment
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. ml n.. m"h Fur-
vey assay cyanide: day. ev. ;est. 1*64. «n
der'Nalllen BcbooU113 FOttwy Bft City H»q
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evg3 Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
Sth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taugnt.
BANJO mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 4ti2 Geary at.
$73^XUiTION of the California Business Col-
lege fcr sale. $50. Box 2540. Call.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. i:tO Post St.. room .it.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day an<J
PARTINGTONS. 42t Pine st.— Night claaa.
PIANO lessons 23c half hour. MRS. PJ; CI^-
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Slxtn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GETyo^uThTlpTaTpTNErJ APAX ESE~EMPLO Y-
MEXT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co. 13.-3
PJne, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phona Polk 3t>«a
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 13»—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, eto.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese helD. 428 Powell st. Tel. Mala 5753.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FK31ALB.
BY a neat strong- woman, cleaning by th* day.
Address J. F. CROSETT & CO., 3C4 Sutter
St.; phone Main 530C.
YOUNG woman would like to have* a few
hours' work every day at any kind house-
work, chamber work or plain sewlnff. Box
12. 1008 Market st. ___^
BY young lady, position as assistant book-
keeper or bill clerk; lumber business pre-
ferred; references. Address B. , box 2242, Call.
AN experienced stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper desires position. Box 2210, Call.
WOMAN would like work by the day. »iO
Alabama st.
A COMPETENT lady wishes position as
matron, housekeeper or companion to 1« ralld
or children; best references given and re- •
quired; $S a week. MRS. JORDON, 110O
Pine it.' cor. Jones.
A RESPECTABLE woman, *ood ccok and
laundress; short ways In country; likes chil-
dren; private family; gocd refer-
ences. 7!M Folsom st.
STENOGRAPHER and Remington operator de-
tires position where experience may b« ac-
quired; formerly of Heald's Business Collegi.
229 Franklin at. /
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po-
sition; neat: good cook: no objection to coun-
try. Address Housekeeper, 206 Eddy st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments or steady place; $1 75 per day. Box
1049. Call offlce. Oakland.
A GOOD, honest young woman wishes any
ktnd of work by the day cr afternoon; can
tend store. Address MRS. c. II.. 2»»l 2rtth ft.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office as-
sistant. Box 2<>74. Call office/
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework 3
or 4 days a week; sleep at home. Address
Smith. 1331 Pine.
WANTED — A position tr> do light housework
or assist. Ill South Park.
JAPANESE girl wishes position in privato
family: can do plain cooking. Call 2143 Fill-
more st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1(X>»5
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted — Barber, ♦flrst-claw young
American, desires position at mountain resort
fcr season 1904; steady, reliable: city refer-
ence. Stale particulars, etc. Box 2241. Call.
A RELIABLE, sober and industrious man
wishes* work of any kind; city or country;
writes a good hand and is quick at figure*.
Box 2227, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted— Middle-aged man, small
family, wants ranch or country home to take
care of; wages or shares. Address J. M.
STARK. 157 Ninth st.
A GOOD varnisher on pianos, antique and ma-
hogany furniture, wanta work; reasonable.
Box 2229, Call offlce.
WANTED — A situation by a first-class tool-
maker as light machinist In city or out of
town. Addjress box 2217, Call office.
PRACTICAL bridge builder wants any kind of
work ln his line. Address CHARLIE
BOUGHMAN. 1170 Market st., top floor.
WANTED — Position by mechanic, plumber and
tinner; ln city or country. Box 2862. Call.
F.CkA" 15 years old would like position in office;
knows bookkeeping. C. W.. 236 A Seventh st.
PIPE fitter, machine operator and dlemaker.
14S Sixth at., city.
HOUSE painter. Al stage hand, wants work
by day or Job: Eastern man. Box 2228. Call.
POSITION as barkeeper. Box 13, IOCS Mar-
ket st.
POSITION as night watchman. J. W. C. box
15. 1008 Market st.
EXPERIENCED structural draughtsman, col-
lege graduate, civil engineer, wants position
at bridge or general building work. Writ*
box 431ti. Call offlce.
CIVIL engineer, college graduate. 2 years* ex.
perience as surveyor, wants- position at rail-
road work. Box 4.117, Call offlce.
COLORED boy. 22 years old, would like placs
In private family or to drive a wagon;
knows the city well and knows how to do
porter an-i janitor work. Box 161S. Call.
YOUNG, sober, experienced man; care for
horses, carriages, drive, etc.; garden work
and *nllk; willing; moderate wages; refer-
ences. Box 22C9, Call offlce.
COMPETENT painter, paperhanger. tinter.
sober and steady, wants work by the day
for private parties, hotel or Institution, city
or country. Box 2137. Call offlae.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 59. wants poeitlon
as night watchman: can furnish reference*.
Address I. B.. 756 Folsom- st.
FIRST-CLASS clothing salesman wanta po-
sition, country town; best references. Box
2154. Call offlce.
CAPABLE man. 2G, desires some responsible
position, bookkeeping, clerical or statistical
work. Box 214C. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS wlneman (German) wants peti-
tion in wine and liquor business. SCHEL-
LER. 5C2 East Twelfth st.. East Oakland.
CHIROPODIST, first -class, wants position:
state salary. Address Doctor 152S Powell
■t.. city.
WANTED — Position as exercise boy on track.
Box 2220, Call offlce. -: -
BOY wants position as blacksmith's helper.
Box 2213. Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position aa school-
boy In good small family. T. SATAKE, 703
Larktn. phone Polk 37S2.
A JAPANESE young man wants a position In
nice family: exT^rlencedi cook: wages $6 up
a week. HENRY. Phone Larkin 34S.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as plain
cook or laundry; very experienced: formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA, BIS Jessie st.
JAPANESE bov wants position as a plain
ccok and housework. E. T., 1543 Larkin st.
FEATHER RBSOVATHO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLOIUSTS.
FLORAL pieces for all occasions: prices re*-
sonable. 14 Hayes st. : tel. 'Jessie 16. '
FVKXlTl'ItE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE; of 7-room flat: sun In every
room; everytnlng clean and ready to live in;
will be ready 24th; rent $23; location. How-
ard and 22d ets. Call 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdw. I* EC
SURD, auctioneer, 1313 Mkt.: tel. Ho wax 4 27 59TO ALL WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAYS.- CALL
FIXAXCIAL.
4 1, PER CENT
w raid on ordinary savings accounts end 0
Per o*nt en term account* by the Phoenix
B. and L. Association. 51« California
■Jj A. A. Wat kins. uret?Id»nt; Charles R.
.iJisncj.. \Uf j.:-esid*nt: g. p r ent!i»s Smith,
trtaiu.-er; <*itrence Grange, secretary and
innr.aglns director ; Gavin McNab. attorney;
*jefj, Xe ,-_ Hoarin-.an fcn <l Charles E. Ladd
directors; Walter K. Smith, cashier.
fcuLsi-ribed capital. $h,«KM.<X»o: paid In capi-
*ai. $1.0'ni.<Ki();- ~8it\» fund. $200,000.
ONE of those rare. hon«-st opportunities which
"if not °^ cur "fteai in a lifetime In which
itir . r ■ '■ invefrtor realizes great profits, some-
times a'.most fabulous; can double money by
-April l; r> wt cent a month dividends rti
«rid after May 1 ; call and investigate. 222
Parrott building.
COMPANIES irenrporated. financed and stock
floated. \Y. H. KITTNER, Lawyer and" Fl-
r.nv.c.nl Acrr.t. ";J2 Kmrr.a Sj>rpricel» bldg.
tXATS TO LETT.
>— HOLIES and flats lo let: an immense list-
service absolutely frf>e: take advantage of
this department: it will tax* you time and
trouble. CorcW Furr.iture Co.. 245-259 Geary
**•. en tb«> square.
*" L . L the most J^'irable fiats axid houses are
listed in our r^tir.g department ; let us give
Jcu a .1st and h»li> you fij:<i one In the loca-
J^iiCi-J*" 111 STERLING FURNITURE j
OOXPAXY. 1039 Market Bt.; services abso-
»U»!y free.
1 yA*? to * «at "f » or C rooms In
eoo<J lo-atJon. c:i street -car line preferred-
Ftate ]r»,-atitm and particulars. Box 2575
Call effice.
COLK. 7K»— Nrw upper many corr^r flat; fi
rocjr.P ar.d b«U; muet be seen to be appre-
« <Maio<J; pert $10.
*^SSTi?b*^?™ """iv flat, hath and basement.
-•i' :Mr.;i- av>>.. near Clement St.; rent $27 5O.
...^ATS TO LET FCltXISHED.
S-J: furn!^ 0»t.^ * f roooa i asd ! bath:
Z3-<o ''fvfmeenth st.. cor Market; rent $45.
--£^ A Z?_^K^i^7^«^*»"ED.
11 l .^ r>GM;! - 8 rooms cicely
*—*>: no trouble to r.nt rooms. Call between
1 end 4 p. n;.. ir_»j Laguna.
fun Mile— Furniture, carpets, etc.. for 6-room
' n I 1 " dern . n 7f~.- r *'^ t <? nI >- ?22; Parties leaving
<i.}. < all *.,.ij Eighteenth, near Mitsion.
OiUAP— Beautifully, newly furnished flat. «i
roome; complete. Call afternoons. 1524 Web-
ft»r st.
HELP "VAXTKD FEMALE.
COOK. 2 in famiiy. little washing $:;5 <>o
2 cooks, no washing j;^5 t)< )
. 4 cooks, German et y le " *:«>-*•{.->
:i cock*, liule warning *:i0 Ct
I^a-Jntipeys. city j-jy i M
• "hambermaid snd laundress. San Itaf'aVl. $25
-. "iviiu *ir»». aq ana country f^Ti (H»
Nurse, thild 14 months old »-.-> <nt
Xunsegirl. Hen Rafarl $25 CO
Mell girl, email private hotel $15 (m
< ' hambermald *r.tl waiting, resort $30 tut
J rotfftent jrirl. general housework Mil tul
Kr.plish nurse $:<9 U>
Ki*.!hfrn hflp»-r. institution S2O O0
Waitress, country hotel $25 Ou
' harnbenrald. rame tilnce >20 «.io
Will take man and wife; fare oaid.
We ha\e a large number of situations for
housework in American families at $2.1 and
$30. Call en J. F. OROSETT & CO :'..;4
>-.-:ter ft.
A— WAITED — Girl* to »#am hairdressing
rraniet:rir.r, etc.; trade taught from A to A
in 2 wef-krT $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
-.^-i 2 i *li» i«- r w*.'k up; leading school in
t.est. SX Geary ,«t.. room 13.
■* — Girls to I*»arn m;lMnrry now for fpring sea-
sen: both reason!" taught from Mart to finish
:n 1 month for S15: positions as trimmer*.
*2. readies, etc.. puarar.t»f>d at *1« per wk up-
Qfcy ynd e*vr.I;-.g ..lesy. 143 Stockton Ft., r. 13.
A — LA DIES to learn all branches hniniresFing
trade, manicuring, mapsiure, etr. llijd Mar- I
k"t et.. cor. Jones, room 1*4: positions secured
It highest wager; day and eve. (lass; call.
NEAT girl (German preferred} for general
. bowteworfc in flat: 3 alults in family; r*>r.
'ren<.*s. lit, Kupna Vista ave., 1 '£ blocks
fro.-n IJaieht and BaJoer rts.
A RKriN'KD yuns woman ■wanted a* nur«e I
for small child; must be unlncumberPd and
fwe well reo<jmm*-n<W; state salary ri-
pected. Box ?<W. Call.
A GOOD home fcr '•ultured young woman as
nurse for small child; Friary $20 per month
1 Hox 2S-CS. Call.
WOMAN to d^ mendir.s in institution, near
< try, ?25 a month and found. Cal. Em?.
Agency. 14 Third Ft.
CHOCOLATE (5ipv*>r wanted; must be first
• «-!»$«: pood wag*?; steady position. B J
-HAUM. 1144 Howard et.
GIHL for housework. $2 r » to $25. 51 «^mber-
jgnd. hrt. 19th and 20th. Guerrero & Dclores.
A NEAT rirl: housework: po^d wajres; refer-
<nr-*>«. «:47 Fe'l i»t.. n*>ar Wob«t»r.
WASTED — Kxi>fri<»nc»"1 saleslady for hosiery.
Apply «ui>FTintendent'* office. The Emporium.
TOUXO p'.rl. tak* fare of children. Apply 820
Geary i-t.. tet. S end 11 o'clock a. m.
A- PEST or*>ra«or: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary rt.
CHOCOLATE and bocboa dipper*: Ft»>ady Job'
•rood pay. LEHNHARDTS, 1159 Broadway
Oakland.
W A N'TKD— o:rl to do second work. Apply
• fcr*nocn, 2101 Pacific ave.
VAKTED — A saJoslaJy in dry goods and fan-
cy goods ftore. Apply at 2700 Mission Bt.
LADY to take cash and wait on table 25S
•rir«t «t.
HELP WASTED — MALtJ.
A- PACIFIC EMPLOTAIENT AGENCY^"
•'26 — Montgomery rt. — ."20
Phcne Main 115)1— Ut*tair*
Milder, pouth. $30 and found; ranch'tearr.ster.
$-'5'i end found, also her.dy man, same ranch.
fJTi and found. Fee bo«s h»ri>; craneman for
dredger. $35 and found: carpenters; 5 wooi-
• hoppers; solicitor; Gorman cook, factory.
J«'t and found: 5 laborers. Nevada, al«o 2<i
t*>«msrt<?r8. xame rla^e, S hour*. 2 years' Job;
r-olllers, coal miners. New Mexico.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCT^ ~
14 Third st.. phone Hush 405.
10 bo'.lerniakrr*. south. Now Mexico $3 80
a da»; FREE FARE.
Iralian solicitor. $2 a day.
. FTavonlnr. PoMcltor. $2 a' day.
Young rr,En for orchard, *2tt and board: boss
• <-AL. EMP.' AGENCY. 14 Third, upstairs.
SHOE Falesman. $17 .V> week; Italian «ales-
ir.an, $75; timber felW, $C5 and toard: oros«-
«-ut sawyer. $35 and board: milkers, $27 50.
$30 and $35 and board; waiter and wife. $50
■on* found; baker, country shop, $12 week
• «nd fiund. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., €28 Sacramento Bt.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE.2« MONTGOMERY.r. 12.
Elevator boy, apartmrr.t-house. $3« and room.
AN old rr.an for licht work, city. $10. Apply
to M.RS. NORTON. 8U Sutter et.
A— " I- " It
Men to learn th* barber trade in two monthi.
an<t •er-ure good positions; cata!oRue and full
JnfonuatloTi mailed free, MOLER Syetem
•College, «i35 Clay et.
TRY our men'* Fhoew, union made, at $1 and
$1 &> per pair, foot-form thorn at $2 50 or
■'•rthrrprdic sho*a,$3 T>0; beft Fhoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — 6 COttera, 2f» coat makers. 15 vest
'majcet*, 15 faM* maker*: r*"a<Jy for work
"March 1. Scotch I'laid TaHor».l«*» Market fX.
WANTED everywhere — Hu.'-'Jcrs to tack signs,
dlntribuu- circulars, fampl**?. etc.; no can-
vassing; irood pay. Hun Adv.Burrau. Chicago.
B'.'Y wanted at S. N. Wood & Co.'*. to learn
pants Tire»Rinff. Apply at 27 Geary st.
CbOD bartxr for Saturday night and Sunday
morning. 1415 Valencia Bt.
WANTED — NumU-r of bartwrs; p.\fo barber
• Khor< for $25. ea«y tcrmf. «47 Commercial Ft.
ETEADT married German; handy; also tend
:>ar: tvinehcuise. Box 2ST>3. Call office.
WANTED— Elderly man on chicken ranch. Ad-
<Jr«-ss \x>x 2250. Call olfice.
WANTED— Brijrht. neat cash boys. Apply
Fuporintendent The Emporium.
— — —
liOr wented. 3 Eddy ct.. room 2.
BAKER'S helper wanted. Apply IMo Church
M., cit;-. '
RABBKB rhop to let; piano player preferred.
:»(♦ Main r^ m
WANTEfJ^IJrt^ht boy from 15 to 17 years of
&p< to l^arn the dry yoodr business. Apply
iw-twern a and 11 a. m. at Hale Bros.*
WANTED— A good Kalf-sman. Room 218, Ero-
n.a tipreekels bldg.. 027 Market rt.
1>GV wanted In drug More. 490 Couch at.
j* E^^O>Tjrap--MAjL^^
MURRAY & READY. C34-638 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
In IMS we gave em- In li*>4 we hope to
ployment to flo.ooo men. Increase that number.
Office cpen 7 a. m.
TO STATE OF
_. NEVADA.
20 teamsters, ?0O; 20 laborers. $60: 15 rock-
men and drillers. 2 years' Job. S hours day,
ship to-nUhi, fare refunded.
ARIZONA,
. "2 [ Land of Sunshine.
ARIZONA. SHIP DAILY. ARIZONA.
Clcoe to Prescott. 010 Miles. $9 10
j0« laborers, etc., for construction work;
Rood wares.
VIA SHIP TO-NIGHT. VIA
8.F..P.4 P.RK. ARIZONA. S.F..P.& P.RR.
MECHANICAL.
3 carpenters, city Job. inside work. 8 hours.
14 day; sione mason, car city, $4 day: black-
smith. 1VO..J.?, £43 and found; blacksmith
liHrwr, near city; millwright, country. $4 day:
plumber, ilnner, machinist, country shop,
$3 50; plaster mold maker, terra cotta works:
tr!< k mast n, country; wood turner, city, $3 50
day; coct>er, elafk work.
MINES.
Tunnel foreman or superintendent, soe bof=s
here: « miners, hand worlr, north. $2 75 day;
3 miners, south, pold min<a, $S2 5t>; 3 muckers,
good mine. $<37 5<>.
MARRIED MEN.
CHOHEMEN. GARDENERS.
Waiter and wife, dining-room sawmill
boardlng-hiuse, see boss here. $50 and found;'
milker and wife. Sonoma County; gardener
and write, F»e boss here. $40 and house: mar-
ried gardener, near city. $5<>; farmer and wife.
$45 and found: coachman and choreman, pri-
vate, see boss here, $3i> and found; choreman,
country; old man for chore", city; g-atdfner,
nuir.fr y, near city. $12 week; gardener, coun-
try, south, pee buss here; Jobbing gardener,
city.
HOTELS. BAKERIES.
FARMS. DAKIEP. ETC.
Cook, restaurant, rear city, $40 and found:
4 other cooks; waiter, country louvre, $35
and found; S waiterF. othpr Jobs; baker. Insti-
tution, near city. $40 and found; rake baker,
COBCtry, $40 and found; baker, bread, city.
$40 and found; baker's helper, dishwashers,
kitchen hands, elevator bey,- ?15 and found;
farn:hdn«s. milkers, choremen; <! Portuguese
milkers. <;'.O a?:d $35 and found; milker, fare
paid. S.!it end found; chimney sweep, city,
steady Jjb, good waseF.
AT
MURRAY & READY'S. 034-4836 Clay M.
WANTED— Thoroughly reliable and capable
nan as Foliciting manager for northern
agency of Industrial investment company;
exceptional opportunity for profitable con-
nection. Address box 2144, Call office.
EARBERS. take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to ;i City Hall *q.. or 1504 Market 6t.
Journpyrr.en Harpers' I'nion, Local US, JOS.
It. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED— Bright solicitors for "War Between
Russia and Japan," by Murat Halstead: best
book: big book; enormous demand; big profits;
freight paid; credit given; outfit free. The
Dominion Company. Dept. B.. Chicago.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade in 8 weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers. C\~
Commercial st.. Pan Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic!* to- know-
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
aiitfed HMt new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third ft.: 25O ruoir.s: 25c to 50c per night.
FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop. C3 miles
from city; good business; for sale or ex-
change for city shop. L. DE R1TIS, 33S
Green st., city.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fifth floor. 305 Larkin st., for free Information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
cr evenlngE.
150 YOUNG men. 18 years of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia «t.. bet. C and 8 p. m.
TRY nur men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 iiair; form-foot shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or rr.ztt charges. 11 3d «t.. Kxam. bid.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
person* for whom I have secured pensions.
BARDER— Sltuction wanted In the country by
f"t' r . steady man. Box 2132, Call office.
BARRER shop to let. 1S00 Folscm st.
BLACKSMITHS, caf-pfnten*, gret-n hands and
sailor* for whaling. Dent's jilace, 20 Steuart.
MAN to do janitor work ror tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et.
SAIIX3RS and ordinary -eamen for deep-water
ships. AVDlr DENT'S place. 26 Steuart Et.
Pension Any.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, O. A. K.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room*: 35c night; reading-rooms;
fre* 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of ailvfrtlpemonts and subscriptions has b«*en
opened at ll/OS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes nn-n's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission «., bet. 1st and 2d «sts.
GET your shoer half-soled while waiting; 25c
to f»Oc. UZi ailanlcn ft., bet 1st and 'Id sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth St.. every horse must be
es represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, sound and gentle; 2-seated trap; Oli-
ver mounted harness. Call at car barn, Em-
eryvijje.
20 BUSINESS buggies, 5 small wagons, 5 rub-
ber tired park buggies and 5 surreys for
eale cheap. 1504 Folsom st.
RUBBER-TIRED cart for sale. 2615 Har-
rison Et.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
WANTED — A good young horse for delivery
■wagen. Box 2063 ; Call.
Al EXPRESS wagen, lljjht camping wagon,
and co-cart for rale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, fcuckbd, sur-
rey, harners, work, dri vlnghcrses. 15th - Valencia
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED — Buggy horse; gentle, stjiish, sound,
fast. N. W.. 3017 Sixteenth et.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of bouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER, 12O—12 rooms, bath and bU-
liard-room» $00; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving set our printed list of houses
to Ipt. BALDWIN A- HOWELL. 25 Post at.
11OLSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
A SPLENDID location; 19 rooms; nicely fur-
nished; bargain. 1555 Octavia st.,cor.Sutter.
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALE.
$650; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
fc- roomed bouse; new furniture. 1003 Sut-
ter st. .- .-•"
INVESTMENTS.
BONDS, STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. »27 Market St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Thursday morning, on Sutter, Bush
cr Post st>-.. a gold chain with coral and
pearl pendant. Return to 2100 Washington
st. ; reward.
LOST — On Thursday evening, on McAllister or
K?arny et. cars, or In changing cars, a dia-
mond ring. Liberal reward if returned to
©43 Vallejo «*».
LOST — Pearl necklace and pearl locket with
diamond center; Sutter, Kearny or Geary at.
Finder will receive liberal reward by return.
Ing tame to 6(i and bS First tt.
LOST or Etolen — From 105 Berry et., a brown
ts-panli-1 ooi;. white forepaw, with license
collar. Please remrn and receive reward, H.
P. A. STAHR. 103 Berry st.
LOST — A small lady's watch; green enamel.
Kfnder please return to room 2. 915 Leaven-
worth (the Crocker) and receive lib. reward.
$50 REWARD for return of circle brooch <0
diamonds, 0 pearls) lost in or near Columbia
Theater February 15. SHREVE & CO.
LOST — Lady's gold Waltham watch on Geary-
et. car or on Laguna et., bet. Post and
Geary; reward. 532 Geary et. '
LOST — Tbureday, ladles' gold mounted purse,
containing bar-pin with seven diamonds: also
a. i»arl pin; liberal reward. 217 First st.
LOST- — Gold locket containing two photos In
Ml»!on. Return 139% Chattanooga st.; re-
ward.
lost — Lady's shirt; Market and Fourth. Re-
turn millinery dept.. Emporium; reward. »
FOUND — White bull terrier. Inquire of elec-
trician. North Beach Powerhouse l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27/ 1904.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irrtgularlties consult me at once; my
method*- are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
1 complaints and lrrecularities; instant relief
guaranteed; "M years' experience. 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
Ilef guaranteed. lOOSMs Market St., opp. 5th,
DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaipts: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate heiped; the most difficult cases' treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market St.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
•in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 6; 25 years' exper.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st.
MRS. p. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
ppecialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladles; ccn-
eult him free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 4S1.
DR. ROSEN resides 29!)5~FoisonT sT.." corner
2(ith; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
I'nion square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING
1C0 eharos of gold sto^k of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
3OILERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR HOOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
ircn. tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market St.
SD-HAND machinery, boilers engine; pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE -ulta. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny at..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or reins sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ENCYCLOPEDIA Britannlea: Scribner edition;
half morocco. King's Old Bookstore, 01 Mc-
Allister ft.
LARGE cooking stove, kitchen utensils, 2 beds
with bedding, one counter, meat saw and
knives; will sell cheap. 225% Eighth Et.
SHOWCASE; glass front: running drawer*
and doors; 28 feet: price $50. BACIGALU-
PIS PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats $1 60
Popular Price Hatter. MO Kearny st. near
Pine; cpen to U^p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's 4hoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3 Vic ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holsteln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
FOR sulo — Pinno. music box, organ, buggy har-
ness and hay cutter. 422 Orange st.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases; three
3 feet; one 5 fe»t and one 0 feet. 20C East st.
FOR sa!o — t barrels; hard top finish. Saloon
13S Third st.
HOUSES to be removed: No*. 10 to 22 West
Mission s-t. NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
MILES of pipe and fittings; nil alzes^ EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines.. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck £ Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1818
Market, ab. Van NeM. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New ana second-hand. THE HErT
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFKS— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
! GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
MISCELLANEOUS W^ANTS. ~
WANTED — To buy, a small cooking stove with
oven, to burn coal; state size, make, number
of holes and price asked. Box 2C11. Call.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing «j>d
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-OU2-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN *
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairtfct rates: strictly confidential. National
n-edlt Co.. <58 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4C Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 f*p cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7. |
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Fpreckels bldg.. rm. G21: loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
»tt W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth gt.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 1C: Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commieslon;installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rates on pianos and
furniture; private; no commission; payments
acceptel. 6 Eddy St.. r. 111.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
ealarled employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED. ~~
WANTED— Party with capital to Invest In
manufacturing food business; big profits;
business Increasing so rapidly that more capi-
tal required. A. R. Coulson Co., Petaluma.
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENTS.
T s yTN^T'in2Xinj : no]rTn :^^
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Cbickering; walnut case; nearly new.
Stein way; about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest, largest size;
nearly new. • r
■ Etelnway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling: mahogany case; largest size.
Standard; oak case; ccod as new.
Halnes Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
case; nearly new.
Eteck; largest elze.
Eteck; medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: good condition.
Steck grand piano; good as new.
Stein way grand piano; In good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS. .
Including such makes as Weber. Stelnway.
Halnes Kranlch & Bach and 'others, from
$10 up. . BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Chlckering Agents,
Curtaz building. 10 O'Farreli st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$50 up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; all makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month: new at $3 per
month; all money pnid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purcbane
price; sole agents for McPhail, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 6C0 Haye*.
; A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright - pianos; new and
eecond-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market St.. second floor.*
IF you want bargains- come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung, 210 McAllister.
: NEW pianos cold on $5 monthly payments.
! JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $136. 237 Geary at.
— *. ■
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.235 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. cWillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply HC» Geary st., opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS, merchant
tailor, 1127 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp-.at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338Polk
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affect-
ing skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured
by skillful specialist from Europe. Apply Cen.
tral Pharmacy, 2M Grant ave.: worst cured.
NOTICE is hereby Kiven that I will not be re-
sponsible for any bills contracted by my wife
hereafter. A. W. AHLBORN.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROl'MK. 231 Post, parlors- 13 and 14.
LIQUOR habit cured: we guarantee a cure in 2
days or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
997 Market St.. room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day eves.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. near
ftth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st./ has moved to 218 Post 8t.
GOLDEN GATE.S00 — Cor. ;laundry.barber shop,
cigars, tobaccos, newspapers, suits cleaned.
Actina restores lost eyesight :cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaten, elertrlc needle specialist, 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. COO. Miss Eaton, 2X5 Geary, room 38.
Bon Marche Pants Co. : sneclal $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms. 14 & 1H, 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dresa pants $2 50.
Misfit Clcthlng Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
PALJJISTRY.
MADAM DEVAS. ~~ ~~ ~~~"
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDINO. 139 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel.Maln 413.
PARTNERS WASTED.
CARPENTER, partner in old established shop;
too much work for one man. Box 2140. Call.
PARTNER to help with useful Invention that
will make money. Box 2244, Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. "
DR. C. C. O^DONNELL^Offlce and residence,
10211,4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at G07 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, Pro-
bate—In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased No
COO74, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will, C. C. P.. sec. 1303
Notice Is hereby given that MONDAY the
29th day of February, A. D. 1904. at 10
v'elock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
cf Department No. 10 of said court, at the
City Hall, in the city and county of
tian Francisco. State of California, havo been
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearlne th«
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) JOHN J. GREIF, Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated Fehruary 15. A. D. 11)04.
Indorsed: Filed February 15 1904.
JOHN J. GREIF, Clerk.
By E. 8. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
£ HOEFLER. Attorneys for Petitioners.
~ ' ~~ PROPOSALS. ~. ——~ ~~~
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 3« New Montgom-
ery ft., San Francisco, Cal., February 25
1004 — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received at thU
office until 10 o'clock a. m. Thursday March
10, 1904. Pacific standard time, and then
opened, for furnishing blankets, campaign
hats Berlin and horsehlde . gloves, collars
, uraweru, leggings (Khaki duck), hat cords'
' russet shoes, stockings undershirts, corn
brooms, scrubbing brushes, barrack chairs
telescope case?, tent poles, etc.; quantities tu
be subject to an increase of 20 per cent if de-
sired by this department; bids will be opened
for the delivery of the same artitles at either
the San Francisco. Boston. Chicago and Phil-
adelphia depots; all to conform to exlstii.g
btandard samples and specifications; prefe--
ence will be given to articles or domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Includina in
The price or foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence, will be Kiven to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there- the
United States reserves the right to accent
or reject any or a:l bids or any part thereof-
Information and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application: envelopes containing
proposals to be mar'-c-Ml "Proposal No lti'o •
and addressed to MAJOR -CU'A. -DEV'bL
Qr. Mr.. U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster. '
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
By order of DR. EMMA. L. MERRITT.
Executrix of the Estate of
ADOLPH SUTRO. Deceased.
THURSDAY. MARCH 3, 1904.
At our office and salesroom,
25 Poet st., at 12 o'clock noon,
. We will offer at auction to be
sold to the highest bidders and
: Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
Ocean Boulevard Lots. Ocean Boulevard Lots.
Fronting on Fourty-elghth ave. and Ocean bou-
levard, between O and P sts. Lots 25x130 feet,
with double frontage, adjoining a magnificent
$7000 residence. The grand Pacific Ocean at
your front door.
_ ■-.'■"
\ j ZZZIZ
PARK AND MARINE VIEW BLOCK.
Whole block in 50 subdivisions, 25x100 and 25x
120 each, fronting on Fulton and C sts.. Forty-
sirth and Forty-seventh aves.: 2 blocks to the
bouleverd and car lines. Superb view of
Golden Gate Park and Ocean.
DESIRABLE LOCATION FOR HOMES.
"S
8— UNSOLD LOTS— 8
On high, sightly elevation in block 225, on Cliff
ave., Clement st.. Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
aves.: surrounded by pretty hemes, and com-
manding view of the Ocean, Cliff House, Sutro
Heights and the Park. The last lots to be had
In this desirable location.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS! ASHBURY HEIGHTS!
Entire block on the heights or in subdivisions;
double frontage lots on Clarendon ave. and
Ashbury St.; on electric car line. Transfer
privileges to all parts of the city. Masonlc-ave.
and Elghteenth-st. cars passing. Splendid view
of city. Chance for speculators.
TERMS OF SALE— CASH.
Maps and Particulars at Our Office.
BALDWIN * HOWELL. 25 POST ST.,
AUCTIONEERS.
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings I'nion Building).
$9,000— Baker; n. w. cor.; 137:«xl37:6; fine
buy to subdivide; both streets graded
and sewered; cars pass.
$2,100— Webster-st. corner. 25x100; a few steps
from two lines of cars.
■ $5,000 — Choice sunny n. w. cor., with grand
marine view; sltely; a fine buy; front-
age 100 feet on the "sunny side; cars
pass; suitable for six fiats; ready for
bulldlns; call at ofllce for particulars
about this choice lot: submit an offer.
$3,000 — I>ake-st. corner, 32:6x100; Sacramen-
to-st. cars pass.
$5,000— Lake st.; five choice lots, 25x100.
5 1,000 — Lake-st. corner; 32: fix 1 00; .grand ma-
rine view.
frt.WO— Larkin st.; two flats.
$9,500 — Broderick St.; two flats; a corner.
$50,000 — Two grand corners; one a northeast
corner; Pacific Heights; 275x137:0; pan-
oramic marine view.
$*10,000 — Webster-st. corner, 110x100; cars pass;
fine . lot to improve.
$5,000 — Pacific Heights lot: best corner; sun-
ny side; looks Into Presidio; grand ma-
rine view: to be sold at once.
LOTS NORTH OF THE PARK ON ALL THE
AVENUES. SOME FINE CORNERS. ALSO
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS, AS LOW AS
$600.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
BROADWAY STREET.
NORTH SIDE.
$250 A FOOT.
30x137 :«
/ • OR
35 by 137:6.
Magnificent and unobstructed marine view;
neighborhood first class; street work done; cars
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10.S50— CASH $2000; nearly completed; rents
$1200 per year; 7G0-62-f.4 Seventh-ave. boule-
vard, near Fulton St.: 17 minutes from City
Hall: all-nleht car service; every possible
latest Improvement; 25x120. Apply on prem-
lses. 1 to 4.
TO ral«e money quickly will sell 4 lota on
Nevada ave.; $150 each; 2 Mocks of car line.
D. COFFIN, 3303 Mission at..
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest prices for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yards.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2650 — TWO flats: good location: very cheap?
as owner goes East. Apply 3316 Mission st.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 830 Howard st.
A WEEK'S newB for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
JO pnges. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HEAL ESTATE Conntry For Sale.
SUMMER resort and mineral springs, Lake
County, California, for rent or sale at low
figure. Inquire Hennings Bros.* grocery,
Klxth and Alice sts.. Oakland.
52 ACRES; one mile from Yountvllle depot.
Xnr.ii County; now In prunes, grain and
vegetables; fine level land; price $(UH)O; will
trade for small place from 5 to 20 acres,
with good Improvements, within 12 miles of
Oakland; will assume mortgage or pay cash
difference. 1 Inquire or write HENNINGS
BROS.' GROCERY, Sixth and Alice sts.,
Oakland.
$10~A~MONTH buys a l6"-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT Sc KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WCOSTER CO.. 648
Market «t. ; '
POINT mCHMOXn REAI, EST-Vrti. ■
WATER front lots and bargains: nil tracts:
mans, photrm. etr. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATH.
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or Exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL; ESTATE.
A DESIRABLE place for a home* at your own
terms. See the owner, P. J. KELLER, of
Ro«e ave.. 37th and 31>th sta.. Piedmont ave.;
office 464 Ninth gt., Oakland.
OAKLAND FUIINITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth st.,cor.Btor<\ Oakland.
TO LEASE. ~
FOR rent for one year. In the Montecito Valley
adjoining Santa Barbara, the residence of
Mr. I. G, Waterman. Apply to Santa Bar-
bara Realty and Trust Company, or other
agents at Santa Barbara.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horns Build-
ing Society. 3th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st. opposite Third—
For the 'half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARV. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery street.
BUSH-ST. CORNKR.
Rents $1S5 a month.
First-class building, with 3 tenants.
Light and gun In almost every room. *
Price. $25,000.
vBK ANNAN-ST. INVESTMENT.
Good 2-story building of store and flat.
Building Is rented low at $30.
Should be at least $40.
HYDE STREET.
With good house.
Price, $12,500.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
Pacific-avenue residence lot.
Locking into Prtsldio.
With fine space toward the. weat.
Washington-st. corner.
Street work and sidewalk all done.
JaC^tt.Vnt? er<
Fine view of Presidio and bay.
Paclflc-ave. corner.
Nearly 35-ft. front.
With unobstructed view of Presidio.
$eoco.
URGE RESIDENCES.
Broadway, north side.
Magnificent and unobstructed view."
Very lar?* and substantial residence.
# 70 feet of frontage.
Washington-st. corner:
Exceptionally well built and arranged house,
with all the latest conveniences; finished in
hardwood: 3 extra fine bathrooms; first-class
plumbing; sun and light In every room.
1 ' • %
Paelflc-ave. residence.
$25,500.
Space on both sides for light and air.
Large house of 10 rooms and baths.
Exceptionally sunny lot.
Fine view of the city.
Good Mission residence.
$25,000.
Elegant residence and barn, with extra large
lot. on main street In the Mission; street
work all done; electric cars passing; not a
better home for a large family.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 Montgomery street.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
B7RCH~VveT!~015— ?8: a flat of 3 good rooms;
unfurnished. Apply C42 Grove at.
CHELSEA, 6, couth side Bush, bet. Powell and
Stockton— Parlor sulte;hkpg. privileges; quiet.
DE NORMANDY. COS Post— Nicely furn. rms.,
$2 week up; also hskpg., $4 to $7 a week.
DEVISADERO, 403 — Two sunny front corner
rooms, _c!ean, gas range, bath, laundry-
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor:
single rooms; housekeeping privileges; gas.
HYDE, 1400 — Sunny r.nfurnished housekeeping
rooms: use of phone.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
OCTAVIA. 125*— Elegantly furnished house-
keeping suite; gas and coal range.
POWELL. 1005. The Virginia— Elegant fur-
nished bay-window apartments, with gas
range, electric elevator, baths; also single.
STERLING Apartment. Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Stelner — 4 rooms, bath; unfurnished:
must be seen to be appreciated; rent mod-
erate; will be finished March 1.
STEVENSON. 251^3—2 housekeeping rooms
for rent.
THIRD. 308 — Two sunny front rooms. $12; eulte
of 3. $1C; another. $S.
VAN NESS, 02C — Elegant large sunny rooms
in modern flat; also single rms.; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 1008 — Large, sunny, furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good board in immediate vicinity.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APASTMENT HOUS33.
THE LUNGER. 445 OctavltT.'cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $10 up; refs.; also doctor's offlces.
ST. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric light?, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmt a ;itrlrtly first-class; steam heat; electric
lights;pnv. ;phone;elev. :l to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson Rt.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 610 .Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, 3 and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
~ HADDON HALL!
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
BOOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfura.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ets. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Ihe Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. SOc. $1, $1 00 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
ALT. newly furnished beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house, 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nlshcd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSK. 2333 — Two nice, sunny rooms, with
email kitchen if desired; also small sunny
room, $5. "
CLMMINGS (The), 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single room*
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone Eaat 1317 If desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices; also single room*.
ELLIS. (H7A— Front aulte; newly furnished;
modern flat: every convenience; private
French family of 2.
ELLIS, S37 — Nicely furnished room; private
family. _\
FERN HALL. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. roms;
all sunny; terms reasonable: reference*.
FOR elnsle gentleman. In private- .tome (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with batb adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2624. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 53c
. to $1 25 night; $1 00 to $6 wfc. ; reading-room.
HERMANN, 6C6, bet. Fillmore and Stelner sts
— Furnished room with first-class board for
respectable young man. :.-.-.-
HOTEL LAMBOURNE—
Elegantly furnished rooms, en suite and sin-
gle; every room light and modern; a few
steps from Market t>t.; a call will convince
you; rates reasonable. 420 Eddy st.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 4&1 Ellis St.— New house
and new furniture; steam heat; hot water;
free baths; house open and elevator service
all night; transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly ac the Vendome. 1104 Market st.
HOWARD, 640 — Large room. $4 50 month; re-
apectable workmen only; no children; quiet.
MISSION, S37A— Furnished rooms by the day.
. week or month: prices reasonable. .
NATOMA, 615 — Furnished room, gentlemen
only, rent reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room.' smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: batha.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infarn.
SUTTER. 622 — Clean, comfortable rooms, with
hot and cold water; bath; terms re iucnaW-.
SUTTER, 1120—4 large sunny rooms to let for
offices.
THIRD. 3fS- Rooms. 25c. 50c. 75c and $1 per
night: $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet: bath.
TURK. 10 — Sunny front room, furnished.
TURK. 1218 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
use of kitchen. If desired.
UNITED STATF.S. 123 Eddy, near Market— 4C0
rooms. 35c to fl night, $1 75 to $C week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator. read. -room: fre* bus: baggage.
VAN NE^S ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office cr club.
VAN NESS ave.. S07— Elegant front suit". $30;
also housekeeping rooms; call after 3 o'clock.
VAN NESS, 92t— Elegant sunny suite of 2, S
or 4 housekeeping rooms In modern flat.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms:
35c to $1 .".0 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator:
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus: bairgage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light la
every room; 15c to $1 a night: 73c to $5 a
. week; open all night; convenient to alt cars-
ADVERTISEMF.NTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, ccr. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth..
.Open until 11 p. m,
ROOMS AND DOARD.
HOTEL~HATTON
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths: all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1013 VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON (The). 1661 Octavia, near Sutter—^
Large sunny airy suites and single rooms:
beautiful lawn; excellent board; reas. rates.
THE AUDUBON. cor. Hyd» and California-
Pleasant roms now vacant; suite or single:
excellent board.
i MISSION, 317C — Sober young man to room ar.d
board: mechanic preferred.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, witn baths; also single; homelike.
Golden Gate ave., 1224 — Nicely furnished room
with board; modern conveniences; gentleman.
ROOM and first-class board for single lady or
gentleman; bath, phone. 10*'2 Ellis St.
Stevenson mansion. S07 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG ccuple wish board, first-class board-
ing-house or family. MASON BROWN, gen-
eral delivery. •
ROO.MS WANTED.
WANTED — 4 unfurnished rooms around Hayer
Valley. Address MoN.. C8 Tiffany ave.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I HAVE bought the confectionery business of
CHARLES GUILLET at 005 Larkin st.,
San Francisco, Cal., and will not be respon-
sible for nny debts contracted ty the above
CHARLES GUILLET. E. D. PAULSEN.
$50 REWARD for the body of Philip Slmon-
ettl. flshtrman, drowned near tsausallto.
ONF.TO BROS.. 410 Cay St.. city.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sowing ma-
chines we shall close at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Poet.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at ."UO P'-ist st.. from 8 to 9 a. m..
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price: ail kinds rented lowest ratest »
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See- our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly uyed: $10. $15. $2l>; second-
hand. $.*!. $.".. $H; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. ICol Market rt.
STORAGE »^*P_^\ A J l ?!H O J? S IE?^~
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household sotds stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7.'il Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Pest and Powell st?. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. a-1.'{ Golden Gate ave. : phone East V-B.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2'52O Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXDSTA.njlERl.VC.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case: Individual teaching: r.» medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWRITER* ASDSCPPLIEl
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
A' FEW good typewriters at $-!0 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Manoel A. Freitas, 33, Rio Vista, and Marl-
ana Brnno. 34, city.
Harry Baraf. 2S. .TO Moss street, and Hat tie
Bercu. 19. Xi Moss street.
Paclflco Dotta. 4.'», Elko, Nev., and Eufemia
Pedrln!, 3S, Temefcal.
WiKlam S. Voorsanger. 23. 2103 O'Farrell
street, and Henrietta Axelrod. 2.J. 132(5 Page.
Trevor Lauman. 21, 4101 California street,
and Bes»sle Sledge. 18, 4104 California street,
\urum F. Sutter. 27. l.W!» Stockton street,
and Josefa R. Nlsple. 32. 1309 Stockton street.
Samuel M. Stemseber. 23. Alameda, and
Esther Levin, IS, 822 Thirteenth Btreet.
Hermann G. L. Luz. 41, Oakland, and Hulda
J. Jacobaon, 20, 407 Powell street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS'
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. Th»» must be hand»d
In at either of the publication offices ar.>l bi
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this coluzna
free of charge.
BORX.
GALLAGHER— In this city. February 23, 1004,
to the wife of Joeeoh F. Gallagher, a son.
DIED. J
Alamada. Manuel J. Hennessey, Mary O.
Ames. Albert LittlenVld. Myron W.
Atkinaon, Joseph B. Levy. Alice
Helm. Erneata Lewin. Henoch
Baa3eh, Frank Maucict. Marie
Brennan. Mar; Moennlng, Emll F.
Brown, Walter S. Moore,. Isaac
Butler, James A. "Mulkr, Frank
Clelr, Annie Murrietta. John J.
Cone, Mary Oberst, William
Coughlan. Thomas O'Connor, Margaret
Daly. John C. Perclvale. Carlo
Dargie. W. E. Jr. Ryan. William
Davidson, Harriet Sayre. William U
Deasy. Timothy Shaw, Willie C.
Elkus. Louis Stewart. Jane W.
Francis, Robert C. Tlmmtns. Eliza
Gorman, Michael Willey. Charlea J.
Harrison. Mary Wilson, Thomaa C.
Hatfleld, Clarence V. Winter. William C.
Heisel. Peter H. Wray. Irene M.
ALAMADA — In Redwood Canyon. Alameda
County, February 23. 19O4, Manuel J. Ala-
mada. a native of Portugal. Azore Island,
aged C5 year* H months ard 2(5 days.
AMES— In thl3 city, February 2». 1W4. Albert
Ames, beloved husband of Fannie Ames, a
native of Ohio.
(DT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th-? funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Dftrlor* of
Halsted & Co.. 91U Mission street. Inter-
ment National Cemetpry.
Members of Company G. First Infantry
Regiment. N. G. C. are hereby notified to
assemble at the armory at 12 o'clock m.,
sharp Sunday, . February IS, to attend tlw
funeral of our late comrade, Albert Ames.
Continued on Pa^e Fourteen. _.
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
Kx-members of Company U. KIret Cal. V. S.
Yols. are invited tn attend.
WILLIAM L. WALL.
Obtain Fiift Inf.. N. «. C. Com Co G.
ATKINSON— In tins city, l-ebruary -fr^ U'H.
lomttA Kurr ly'.oved husband of Aoa K.
Atkinson, a native of New Jersey, ased .0
>-esr« 11 months «r.d S days.
BAASFH— In th» <"it>" an<i '"ounty Hospital.
February 9& 1!«M. Frank Uaaseh. a native
ot Gerrsmnv. aged 44 year*.
BELLO— In this city. February 24. 1904. Er- ,
nesta JVllo <nee Vannucci). beloved mother
ot Lawren<-e. IJame and Enrico Bartoli, a
native of Italy, aged '-'A years.
llTiVXN \N— In this city. February 2f. 1901.
Murv d-ariy beloved wii> of Edward liren-
nan ' oad mother of Chnrles. William and
■ atherine Brcnr.an. an<1 dearly be'oyed
riaush'er of Mrs. Oatherine iJruad and tht?
latr Charles E. J5rr-,ad. \
BROWN— In this city. February 25, 1304.
Walter S. Rrown. a native of Canaua. aged
c.R year? <"> monttis and 24 days.
COTriends and acquaintances are respect- '
roily invited to attend '.he funeral to-morrow
<Pundav) at 2 o'clock, from thm Masonic
Temple' corner of Tost an-i Montgomery
strct«. under the auspices or Oriental l^«iKe
No 144. F. ?nJ A. M. Interment Oud J-el-
\<,wt' Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city. February 26. 1*«. |
at i<is residence, 4.% Morris avenue, .lames ;
* beloved son >>' .!am»s and th» !at<> Cath-
erine P.ntler. ami brother uf Anna and ,
Thomas IJut'.er sind Mrs. Louis IVauduin. a ■
nati\e of Han Francisco, aged 23 jt-ars '1 :
months and 4 flays. ,
CLF1K— In Oak'.ar<i, February 23. 10C»», Annie |
<~if ir beloved wife of the late William Ci"ir. \
and mother of Patrick. William, Martin.
Tl^rr.at- ard i>ani«?l <"leir. Mrs. Marsar-t ■
i">avi,. Mrs. May Ki«E and Mr«. Annie ]
Fitzgerald, a native of Kines County. In;- ;
land aeed T.7 years <i mor'.hs and 25 day*.
jry Krien<> *ni gi'nuaitiunn* are r^y-ct- |
fully invited to attend the funeral on Batur- ■
<Uv. February ~~. Ht »::!<> o'clock, from her I
let* residence. 7i-'{ Grave street, theni-e to the •
«Tiurch of the Immaculate Conception, irhere I
a solemn requiem ma'» will J>e celebrated j
'o- the repc*» <_>f her soul at IO o'clock. In-
terment St. Marys Cemetery. Oakland.
CONE— In Oakland. Cal.. February 20, 1904. j
Mary fotif, h»-l<ived wife of John A. (Vine. !
and mother of Mrs. Wiilixm Shtphaid. Jainc-s :
E- John J.. Annie A.. <7iarl<-s H., Cather- I
ine a. and I/ovel! A. Cone, a native of Ire- i
' lsnd. need &« years. '
CTFriends and acquaintances are respeit- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
■ Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her Jate resi- :
dene*. JC'7 }'oj>Iiir street, thence tn St. Pat- i
lick'K Church, where set vices will l>e lielj 1,1 j
2 o'clock. lmeiTO«-nt Rt. Mary's Cemetery, .
Oakland.
COI'GHLAN— In this fity. February 25. J»04. j
Thoirss. beloved husband of lh« late Hose 1
Coochlac anil father of Michael Coughlan. ;
Mrs. T. A. Moitcret. Mrs. William von !
Ploenn-.es ar.d Mry W*. St. Amant. a native ;
of L'merick. lr>!aipd.
C5*Fiiends and afcjuamtancfs are respect- ,
fully invited M attend the funeraJ to-<!ay I
iSaturdayj. «t 8^0 O'clock, froni his late t
irsidenc*. 33B Kissline ftreet. thence to Bt. I
.lofeph's Church. WlKie a requiem masn will !
be <-«>lebrated *or th" repose of his jtoul. |
c^^lJ^iencirig at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy ;
<'rr>s« Cemetrr 1 '. by electric funeral car from !
Kighteor.th and Guerrero streets. j
DALY— In this cl;y. Frbrusry 2«. 1!*H. John
C, Dmly. a native of Ireland, aetd 33 years.
LjARGIE— In Oakland. Cal.. February 2fl. 1WM. J
William K. Dargie Jr.. belovtd 6on of Wil- 1
!iam E. anJ Kiminia Peralta Dargie. a na- •
ttve of Oakland, aged 21 years and 2 months, j
ITTXotlce of funeral hereafter.
DAVIDSON— In Alameda, February 2C. 1904.
Harriet Mabel, belove.1 daughter of George ;
and the ]at-< Msrcaret Ann Bittleston. wife 1
of K. M. Davidson, mother of Herbert Orr j
end Anna Davidson, and sister of W. W. j
Rittleston ar.d Mrs. Lu<y Knight, a native I
of Illinjis. axed 37 years and 1* months.. I
DEAS=T— In this city. February 24. lfMM. Tim- j
o;hy. belovd husband of the late .-largaret !
Deasy. and father of Michael. Margaret 1
and Timothy I*aj"y and the late Mrs. Mary ]
Alien, a natl\e tf <'ounty Cork, lrt'and. |
ajred OS years 1 month an«l fi days. ,
tTTFrierids. ani acquaintances are respx»ct- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
• Pxturday). at !»::jy o'clock, frnm his late 1
iesidence. Cl.'J'j Jessie street, thence to j
losepb's CUcrch. where a requiem mass will j
be celebrated for the rep<;se of his soul, com- j
mtneing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ELKQS— In this <ity, Februan* 2fi. 1SK>4.
Loots. l>elovrd husfbar.d of Cordelia E'.kus. J
and beloved father of Albert. William H., i
Hugene p.. OecK-rge W.. Edward M., I>ouis I
A. nnd Cbailes de Y. Klku* and Mr«. S. P. i
tvahn. a native of German*, aged 7»J years I
7 months and 19 days.
E^Fiienos and ai-qnaintincis- are respect- j
fully Invited to atfnd the funeral services !
•••imorrow 1 Sunday t. at 10 o'cl'x-k. at his late j
residence, "3'^S Pacific' avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemcfry. by special train j
toavtnc Third and TownwnJ streets at 11 M0 ]
• •'clock.
FRANCIS— In this city. February 26. 1901. at |
his late residence. «:.> Pleasant street. Kobert j
<". Fran'-is. tielnveit father of <rha.rles B., |
.inseph J>. and (Jwrge K. Francis, a native 1
<i I J hiladp!nhia, Pa, seed 8'» years and 14 I
day?.
GORMAN— At Salinas. Monterey County. Feb. i
"5. 1!«04. Michael Gorman, beloved husband j
of the l«te Elizabeth Gonu, and father of |
.Tam»-s J., Georce I).. FranE M.. <Jhar!es A. !
and the late William «nd PhiHn Gortr.an. J
and brother of Dfnnis Cprman, a native of 1
County Tlpperary. Ireland, aged CS years. |
'Nrw York rapeis please cjpy.) •
ITtyFriend.* anJ aoquaiatances are respect- j
Jaiiy InviteJ to attend the funeral to-day |
'Saturday*, at 8:19 o'clock, from the parlor* ;
Of the J.'nlted Tndertakers. SGti Mission ]
mreet. thence to St. Mary'a Cathedral. |
where a reoulem high mass will be cele- :
rrated for the repose of 1:1s soul, commenc- ]
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross j
Cemetery- Please emit flowers.
HARRISON— In this city. February 25. 1904. i
Mary Harrison, beloved wife of Joseph Har- I
riecn. and mother of Trancis. Jostuh and |
WHliam HarriEon. a native of San Fran-
« isco. aged S4 years 1 month and 12 days.
HATFIELT)— Enu red into rest, in this city.
F*b. 25. Clarence V.. belovtd husband of Kate
Ka'.fleld (nee Burke), and son of Margaret
and the late A. J. Hatfleld, and brother of
Lenox C. Mildred N. *.nd Forest Hatncld.
a rative of Massachusetts, aged SI years. !
A member of ("aruenters" fnion No. 483. I
( Boston. Maes., jjarwrs »jleas<- copy.) '
C7Fr>n(l» and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday*, at 1 o'dix-k, from the parlor**
of McFadden, McErearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress u«n Cemeten'-
HE1SEL— In this city. February 25. 1904.
Peter EL. beloved husband of FrederJcka
Heisel. end father of Carrie. Edward. Anita ■
and Willie Heiael. a native of Schleswlg- j
Holsteln. Germany. a?e<j -iu years a months <
and J3 days. A member of Brotherhood of |
Teamsters. Ix>cal No. 85.
(CyFrieils anl a"quaiii ances are respect-
fully lrvited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday). February 27, at 2:30 o'clock,
from the parlors of II. K. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Miesion street, betwe-n Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HEXXEKSFTT — In this city. February 25. 19O4,
Mary O. Hennessey, widow of the late H. H.
H'nr.esfc-ey, and mother of Minnie H. Hen-
nessey, a native of Bangor, Me.
ETTuneral and interment private.
LEVY— In this city. February 26, 1904, Alice,
beloved wife of Gustave Levy.
ETInt'rment trivate. Sunday, February
28. at Cy Dress Lawn Cemetery.
LETWIN — In this city. February 26. 1304.
Henoch Lewin, beloved husband of the late
Amelia Lewin and dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Joseph Grlpsman, Jacob Lewin and the
late Mr*. Max Cohn, e. native of Fordon,
Germany, aged €5 yeans and 10 months.
LITTLEFIELD— In Portland. Ore.. February
24, 1904. Myron Winslow, beloved husband
of MEnraret Llttlefleld. a native cf Newton,
Mas*., need 47 years 1 month and 18 days.
V-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
rarlcrs cf Bunker &. Lunt. 2G06 Mission
street, l^twcen Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Mission Masonic Temrl*. Cremation
odd Fe!!otvs' Cemetery.
AHWASHTEE Tribe No. K». I. O. R. M.—
Chi'fs nrd hrothers: You are hereby notified
In attend th<» funeral of our late brother,
Vyrcn W. Littlefleld. Sunday, at 10:3rt a. m.,
from the funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt
26W Mission street. Mission Masonic Tem-
ple. By order of
FRANK RALPH. Sachem.
MAUCICT— In this city, February 26. 1904,
Marie, dearly beloved wife of Paul Maucieti
tortns daughter of Mrs. Bourdel. loving sis-
ter of Mrs. Madeleine Eschardies and John
and Juries Hourdet. and si-ster-ln-law of
Louif Kschardies, a native ot France, aged
-7 yrars.
XIOENNING — In this city. February 24. I»04,
Emil F. Moenning. beloved husband of Min-
r,> Moenning (nee Harms), father of Milton
and Emmie Moenninc. Knn of Gueather end
the late Ix-na Moenning, and brother of
GecrKe and Herman Moecnicg. a native of
Wisccnfin. aged 4« -years 4 months and 28
«I»ys. A member of Independent Rifles and
Grant Council No. 19. Jr. O. V. A. M.
CyFr>nds ard .tc<iuaintancf s are resnect-
fuliy inxlted to attend the funeral 10-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
rarlors of the H. F. Maars Company. »17
Minion street. Imrnnent Odd Fellows'
•-'eme't^ry.
M*X»RE — In thlH r'.ty. KeLruary 25. 1004.
baa.-, beloved tmtbar.d of Kllen Moore, and
devoted faM'er of Dr. R. I. Moore and Mrs.
E. If. Ayers, a native ef Balbriggan. County
Dublin. Ireland, nged «:2 years a months and
] day. (Honolulu pap'rs pleane copy.)
C^Fri'-nd* and :icnuaintancej are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). February 2>. at 1 o'clock, from
hi« fate rf-tidence. 112 Chattanooea street,
brtveen T«'< ntv-wrond and Twen(y-tnird..
Interment Mount Olivet '"emttery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eichteenth and Guer-
rero streets. . '
MTULLER — At the German Hospital, February
2f. IW4. Frank Muller, brothf-r of Orl Mul-
ler cf Hcalisburg, General M. W. Mullt-r of
FrttDo and John and Loul£ Waller uf San
Francisco, a native of Germany, a*ed 69
year* and 16 days.
JC7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). February 2-9, ot 1 :-0 o'clock, from
the residence of h!» bnxnsr. Louis Muller.
»2 DevlMidero street, thence by electric
funeral car 10 Cywess Lawn Cemetery, leav-
in»r Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:45
o'clock.
MITKRIETTA— In this city. February 28. 1904.
John Joseph, b'. loved son of Albert and
J^ottle Murrietta, and brother cf G«onre and
Hlete Munietta. and grandson of Mrs. H.
CostHlr, a nsitiie cf Ean Francisco, aged 11
months and "0 day*.
OBEK.ST— In this city. February 24. 1904, Wll-
Ifam, belovd husband of the late Rosalie
<JtM>rst. and father of Mrs. Emma O'Con-
r.ell, a native of Switzerland, aged (tS y«ars.
A member of San Francinc<> I^odne No. 1.
<>. d. H. S.. and San Franrisco Grutll
Vermin.
E7"Friends ani acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tn attend the fun«ral to-day
(Satur-lay). February 27; at 1:110 o'clock,
from the parlors of H. K. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission strwt. between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In San Rafael. February 25,
l»O4, Margaret J.. widow of the late John
O'Connor, and very beloved mother of John
J. and Joseph T. O'Connor and Mrs. .lames
Moran. h native of Ireland, aged (is years.
(C7Friends and noquain'.Hnre? nro respect-
fully invited to attend the requiem macs to
l>e celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van
Nf»f nvi'su*. on Saturday. February 27, at
10 o'clock. Interment private.
PKRCIVA1.E— In th!.« city. February 25. i»04.
Carlo Ptrcivale, n native of Italy, ated CO
yar*.
ITTTrier^ds and acquaintance b are respect-
fullv invited to a:ten<i th» funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). February 2S. at 1 o'clock, from
l*ni\«-rsal Hall. M4 Pacific street, where
service* will be heiil tinder the nusoices of
Home I*od*e No. 147. K. of P. Remains at
l>arl'>rs of Valente. Marini & Co.. l. r i24
Stockton street. InUrment New Italian
Cemetery.
RYAN— -In the City and County Hospital. Feb-
ruary :'M. 1!«4, William Ryun. a native of
Rhode Island, ac-d 3«> years.
SATIIE- In Port Townsend. Wafh.. on U.
S. S. Arcadia. February 20. i:»04, William
I.. Bayre, beloved husband of Ella F. Sayre.
and <li1e«t son of William A. nnd the late
Mary I.. Pnyre. a native of Truckee. Cal.
(Newark, N. J., ami Arizona lianer* please
i-> :■>-.>
(LTKrif nds anil acquaintance » are respect-
fully Invitee! to attend the funeral to-morrow
<^undav>. at 1 :.'$(> o'clock, from the residence
<>f his father-in-law. J. Keeney. fi2 Tiffany
■venue, between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth streets. Mission street and fan Jose
■venue. Injerment National Cemetery. Pre-
f-IJio. Members of Diripo I>ot1se No. 224, K.
of P . are requested to attend.
SHAW -In this city. February 26. 1904. Willie
'"harlef, dearly beloved anil inly child of.
iliram arM Viola Khaw. grandson of Mr. and
Mis. Wiiram I'oeJ-.'er and Mr. and Mrtt. H.
(5. Shaw of Kansas City, and nephew of
Mrs. C. H. Hansen nnd William and Edward
PoebJer. e native of San Francisco, seed 2
years U months and 0 days.
(L7*Frien«ls and aro'ialntances are respect-
fully invit*d to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
iSundnv). February 2S. at " o'clock, from
the residence of his transparent*. Mr. and
Mr?. William PoeMer. 27S Harriet street,
lietvveen Harrison and Bryant. Interment 1
Mount Oli^f Cemeterv.
STEWART— In Mill Valley. February 25. JJWM,
.lane W. Stev.trt. beloved mother of Mrs.
Krsr.k I\ Hostwlck. a native of New Tork.-
[T7"Kt ionds end ttcqucintanct * are respect-
fully invited to att»%nd the funeral services
Saturday. February 27. at 2 o'clock, at the
rhar*l of Cypress Uwn Cemetery. The
funeral car will leave Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 1 ::'.O o'clock. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un- j
dertaklng Comuany, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
T1MMINS — In this city. February 26. l»O4. I
Kllza. belovfd wife of the late Francis Tim- 1
tnlns, and sister of Mr«. Martha Itlackman. !
Mrs. Ann Orr p.nd Mrs. Mary Smith, a na-
tive of Drumloo, County Monaghan. Ireland,
nged S.I years. •
WILSON— IO this city. February 25. 1004.
I'.KM. Thomas C. Wilson, dearly beloved hu.«-
J>and of Alice Wilson, and dearly beloved i
brother of May and Joseph Wilson, a native I
of Philadelphia, ased .'(« years. (Philadel-
phia paners please copy.)
JC5"rhe funeral will take place to-day
• Saturday). Kel»ruary 27. at 11 o'clock, from
the DarlorB of Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission ;
street, l»etwetn Eighth and Ninth, thence !
to St. MarVs Cathedral, corner Van Ness I
avenue and O' Fan ell streets, for service".
Ci-mmencinc at 11:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
WINTER— In Rcd'.ard*. February 24. 1904.
William Croft, b-loved son of Fanny M. |
and the late William Winter, and brother of
Mrs. M. E. Wickson. Mrs. L. K. Salslg. Mrs. |
M. G. Huki and Harriet E.. Annie M.. j
Grace I. and Clarence S. Winter. 1
in?" Funeral to-day at 2 o'clock from his
late residence. Interment private. '
WIUJSY — In Sacramento. Ca!., February 25, i
15)04. Charles Johnson Willey. beloved hus- :
band of Anna Willey. and brother of O F
Willey of thin city. William H. II. and Mar-
shall C. Willey. Mrs. Martha E. Lyon and
Ainansa W. ShurtWT of Sacramento. Cal, a
native of Danville. Vermont, aged 69 years.
The deceased was past master of Occidental
l«o<5pe No. 22. F. and A. M.. California
Chapter No. 5 nnd California Commandery
No. I, and was Deputy State Surveyer Gen-
eral of California.
t^Funeral services Sunday. February 28,
at '2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aue- -
Ibices of California Commandery No. 1. In- !
terment private. j
WP.AT— In this city. February 26, 1904, Irene!
M.. 'beloved daughter of Samuel Wray and
the late Therese M. Wray, and sister of n.
K. H. W. Wray. a native of Lead City. S.
Dakota, aged 2.1 years 11 months and 15 days
■ Lead City. S. Dak., papers pleaEe copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are iespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. IKSS Filbert street, between Octavia
and I^aguna. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith dfsire to extend our heartfelt
thanks to the many friends who by their ■
comfort mg- sympathy and floral offerings, '
nnd fBD^cially the Hermann's Sons and Ger-
man Sinrlng Society, and all who helped to '
lighten our sorrow in the Io5« of a loving
son and brother.
MR. AND MRS. FREDERICK DRATZ AND
FAMILY.
CARD OF THANKS.
Tlie children of the late Margaret Het-
tlnger extend their heartfelt thanks to the
many kind friends who by their love, tender
sympathy and beautiful floral offerings
helped to llghfn the bitter sorrow lately
suffered in the loss of our dear mother, Mar-
garet Hettinger, deceased.
WAR STUDENTS
SEEK QUARTERS
Mayor of Leavenworth Asked
to Provide Accommoda
tions for a Short Time
LEAVENWORTH, Feb. 26. — Briga
dier General Bell, commandant of the
general service and staff college at
Fort Leavenworth, has asked Mayor
Anthony and the Commercial Club of
this city whether it will be possible
to provide quarters here for National
Guard officers and graduates of mili
tary colleges who are to be designated
by the President to attend the war
college for a two years' course. The
communication states that the law as
passed a year or so ago authorizes
the payment of $1 a day to such stu
dents and commutation of quarters,
which amounts to about $54 a month.
Quarters will be provided for the stu
dents in the city until such quarters
can be built at Fort Leavenworth.
The class, which is to« consist of
about 100 officers so chosen, is ex
pected to arrive at Fort Leavenworth
next September. There are no quar
ters for the members at the post.
It is said that, the object of the new
law will be to pick from the graduates
officers for the army, as West Point
is unable to provide a suitable num
ber.
John Sholwater Suffocated.
John Sholwater, until recently an in- !
mate of the City and County Hospital
suffering from cancer, was found dead
in bed yesterday morning in the Han- {
cock House, 781 Mission street. He had '
been suffocated by illuminating gas,
which was escaping from a partly open
burner. The door was unlocked, and it
is believed that his death was the re- 1
suit of accident. Nothing is known of
his antecedents. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1904.
RAIN ADDS TO PROBLEM OF TAKING
RUSSIAN BEEF FROM CHINA'S HOLD
Pacific Mail Company's Liner Will Sail to-Day for the Far East
With Many Passengers, Among Them People of Note and
Four Score Japanese Going Home to Fight the Czar's Forces
SCHOONER SAUSALITO, WHICH PUT IN HERf THURSDAY NIGHT IN DISTRESS. HAVING BEEN ROUGHLY
HANDLED BY A SOUTHEASTER. HER RUDDER HEAD WAS TWISTED OFF AND OTHER SERIOUS
DAMAGE WAS SUSTAINED.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship China will sail at noon to-day for
the Far 'East. The 700 tons of mess
beef consigned to the Russian Govern
ment and at the last moment ordered
to be left behind were all out of the
China by midnight yesterday and by 1
o'clock to-day the big liner will be
ready to start across the Pacific. The
beef was hauled to warehouses as it
left the China. How it will be sent to
Russia, or whether it will be sent at
all, is only known to Getz Bros, and
they are keeping their own counsel.
When Captain T. D. E. Wilson, steve
dore-in-chief to the Pacific Mail Com
pany, was ordered, to disembark thu
beef he was presented with a problem
compared with which the guessing of
Ann's age is easy. There were 4000 kegs
of the beef. They were sto.wed in the
lowermost parts of the fore and after
hold.*. To reach them hundreds of ton3
of other freight would have to be taken
out and to fill the gap left by the beef
a new arrangement of the remaining
cargo would have to be made. The
China was scheduled to sail at noon on
Friday. The order to extract the beef
was given late on Thursday. Every
thing was arranged for an early start
yesterday morning, but when the day
broke to weeping skies other arrange
ments became necessary and the steve
dore-in-chief said things which in
strength and substance corroborated
General Sherman's opinion of war.
Aw.ning's were rigged over the
hatches and several gangs of skilled
stevedores started the hunt for beef
barrels. The work was finished late last
night and when the hatches were put
on it was over merchandise so securely
stowed that Neptune may turn the
China upside down without displacing
the arrangement.
The China will carry about 2300 tons
of cargo and 350 passengers. Of these
130 are Chinese and 116 Japanese. Of
the Japs about eighty are going back
to take ud arms against Russia.
Many distinguished people will travel
to the Far East on the liner. Captain
J. B. Milton and Lieutenant Command
er Hughes of the navy are going to the
Asiatic station and will be fellow-pass
engers on the China with F. D. Che
shire and J. W. Davidson, Consuls at
the Korean ports of Mukden and An
tung. Richard Harding Davis and John
Fox Jr., both well-known writers, sail
on the liner for the Orient. Other pass
engers will be: T. J. Smith, the Yoko
hama agent for the Portland and Asi
atic Steamship Company; M. K. Ito,
Japanese secretary here for the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha; Captain H. K. Struve
and John F. Merrill.
Makes a Flying Trip.
The barkentlne Coronado. Captain Potter,
which arrived yesterday from Honolulu, made
the passage In twelve days and fourteen hours.
The bark Gerard C. Tobey left the island port
at the same time and has not yet been heard
from. In the non-arrival of the Tobey there
is great elation for Captain Potter. Th*
Honolulu marine sportsmen eaw in the even
start of the two sailing vessels an opportunity
for speculation and when Captain Potter left
the tropical shore for hln ship betting was
4 to 1 in favor of the Tobey. Th<» Coronad*
has made faster trips, but never showed gpeefl
to better purpose. She brought up 21,939 bags
of su^ar.
Has Very Rough Trip.
The etewmshlo City of Puebla arrived yes
terday from Victoria and Captain Jepsen re
ports that he never felt the wind blow with
such velocity as during the greater part of
the trip. The steamer was nearly twelve
hours late, having been held almost at a stand
still for Ions spells by the furious southerly
blest which fought her every foot of the way
from Cape Flattery to the Golden Gate. The
ve&sel sustained no damage, but few of the
passengers will forget the dives and plunges
that punctuated the course of their floating
hotel. Captain Jepsen estimates the velocity
of the wind, at times, as high as seventy mlle«
an hour.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows: Theodor.
4d per cent; Robert Rlckmers. 25 per cent;
W. F. Babcock. 15 per cent, and General Mel
linet. 15 per cent. - , ; V
»
Has to Turn Back.
The Standard Oil Company's clipper ship
Astral started for sea yesterday, but on ac-
count of the strong southeaster she found
blcwins outside waa obliged to return and
await more favorable weather. The wind was
blowing: about six miles an hour from the
aoutheaM at 6 o'clock in the morninr, but
by 0 o'clock It had increased to a thirty-six
mile gait and by noon was blowing forty miles
an hour from the south.
Hit by a Beer Glass.
Blanche Laraore. a colored woman, was
treated at the Harbor Hospital yesterday for
several Incised wounds, caused, she «atd, by
a eentleman friend who had hit her in the
face with a beer Klass.
"Dat nl«ah ni »holy In liquor." bhe
explained In extenuation, "foh h» certainly
loves me." ,
Mattcrhorn In More Trouble.
Th o British ship Matterhorn from this port,
which r few days a«o damaged her bow and
head gear In collision off Dover with the
steamship I-*ke Michigan, arrived yesterday
at Antwerp and reports having grounded twice
In the river Scheldt.
Must Be Repaired.
The schooner Sausallto, which put Into this
port Thursday night In distress, will have to
undergo extensive repairs before proceeding
acain to aea.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; Merchant**.
The British steamer Tottenham, now at Port
Ixm Angelea, Is chartered for lumber from
Puget Sound to two ports In China at 35s.
Exports to British Columbia.
The Hteamer (jueen sailed on Thursday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo,
consigned to nort of destination and principal
British Columbian ports, valued at $15,222 un.1
Including the following: V^.'SM lbs dried fruit,
5740 Ins raisins, h550 lbs coffee. 4075 lbs malt,
4»H gals 1 case wine. 1 case liquors. 4000 lbs
rice. 15 case* canned goods. 550 lbs beans.
15 pkgs groceries and provisions, 92 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 840 pkgs fresh fruits. W00 lbs
rivals, 81,240 lbs salt. UK) bxn paste, 250 case*
errs, 8 rolls leather. 3 cases hat?. 31 pkgs
drugs and sundries 42 pkgs machinery, 1« P"
Iron. 23 bdls 54 pes steel. 20,000 lbs aoda. 40
bales twine. 242 boiler tubes. 40,000 lbs bitu
men. 5 cases arms and ammunition. 2252 feet
hardwood. 17 pkgs paper, 100 bbls cocoanut
oil. 367 lbs leaf tobacco, 19 cases nails.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 107 cases canned goods, 27 cases tabl»*
preparations. 3 sks beans, 2 cases ccdflsh and
8 pkrs metal polish, valued at $719, en route
to Suva. Fiji Islands.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 2fi.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Lakme. Christiansen, 46 hours from
Eureka, bound south; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 66 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Pasadena, Dlckson, 47 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 4 days from
San Pedro.
- Stmr Oregon. Doran. 5 days from Portland,
via Astoria R~ti hours.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, 25V4 hours from
Eureka.
Bktn Coronado, Potter, 12 days and 14 hours
from Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Stella, Hansen, 7 days from
Eureka.
Schr Eva, BJomstrom, R days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday. February 2C.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander. San DUeo and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED.
Friday, February 26.
Ptmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Mndsen, Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, Greenwood.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. Moss Landing.
RETURNED.
Friday, February 2«.
Ship Astral, hence this morning for Hono
lulu; returned on account of heavy weather.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 26, 10 p m— Weathtr
foggy; wind south; velocity 24- miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 26 — Stmr Dolphin,
from Skagway.
Arrived Feb 26 — Stmr Excelsior, from Val
dez. Feb 25— Schr Carrier Dove, from TJnga,
Alaska. »
UMPQU A— Arrived Feb 24— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Despatch,
hence Ftb 19. .
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 26— Br ship
Edenmore, from Port Townsend. .
EVERETT— Arrived Feb 26— Schr J A
Campbell, hence Feb 46; achr Admiral, from
San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed out Feb 26— Br stmr
Wellington, from Oyster Harbor for San Fran
cisco.
NEAH BAY— Sailed Feb 26— Schr Orient,
for Port Angeles; schr Meteor, for Port Town-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 26— Bktn
Amaranth, from Honolulu.
PORT . ANGELES— Arrived Feb 26— Schr
Orient, hence Feb 16.'
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr
Chfchalls, for San Francisco; stmr Coronado.
for San Francisco; stmr Sequoia, for San
Francisco; stmr Newburjr. for Redondo; stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Pedro: schr Chas R
Wilson, for San Francisco. Feb 25 — Schr O
M KellPrg. for San Pedro. Feb 26 — Stmr
Santa Monica, for Jsan Francisco.
PORT L.UDLOW— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Me
teor, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Olympic,
for San Francisco. Feb 20 — Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francesco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Feb 2«— Br
bark Ventura, for Portland. Ore.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Feb 26— Stmr Bo
nlta, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 25— Bark Yoeem
lte, from Newcastle, Aus. Feb 26 — Stmr Ala
meda. hence Feb 20.
Sailed Feb 25 — Bktns Irmjrard and S >T
Castle, for San Frandaco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Alli
ance, from Colon
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOWNS— Sailed Feb 24— Br ship Matter
horn, for Antwerp.
BREMEN— Failed Feb 23— Ger bartc Char
lotte, for Honolulu.
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 13— Br itmr In
drapura, lor Orejro.n.
YOKOHAMA— SaiUd Feb 22— Br atmr Ping
Sucy, for Victoria.
Arrived Feb 13— Jap stmr Tosa Maru, from
Seattle, and not as before reported.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Colon,
hence Jan 23.
KILUL'SH — Arrived Feb 24 — Br «hlp Queen
Victoria, h»nc« Oct «5.
HULL— Arrived Feb 25— Ger bark Nomia.
from Tacoma.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Feb 26— Fr
bark Ro*.suet, hence Jan 8.
LKITH— Sailed Feb 25— Br shlD Marlbor
ough Hill, for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Feb 25 — Schr A
J West, from <3ray» Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 2G— Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Ll&urla.
from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Feb 26 — Stmr
Noorge, from New York.
Sallwl Keb ?ti— Stmr Hellie, for New York.
QUKENSTOVVN — Arrived Feb 26 — Stmr
Cymric, from Boston for Liverpool.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franciscc
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MIsslcn-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27.
Sun rises r : 45
Sun sets C:Ot
Moon sets 3:44 a . m
D iTime Time! ITime ITimel
£ I Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft.
? |L W H W| |L W |H Wj
27 1:43 2.8 7:47 T..7 2:43 — 0.2 9:47 4.5
2$ 2:40 2.6 S:48 B.S 3:^2 — 0.4 10:27 4.9
29 8:36 2.1 9:47 6.0 4:1R — 0.5 11:10 5.2
1 4:26 l.S|10:42 .V9 5:02 — 0.3 11:4S! 5.4
2 I 5:16 1.4|tl:33l 5.8 5:45 O.Ci I
(H W |L W [H-W |L \Vf
3 I 0:24 5.C| <!:0« 1.1)12 :28| 5.5j 6:3lj 0.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as 10 time: th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides aa
sometimes occurs.' The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
; Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
•sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Fr,om. ' I Due.
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 27
Alliance.. Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 27
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 27
Elizabeth CoqulUe River ,... Feb. 27
Cliehalis Grays Harbor IFeb. 27
Mineola Tacoma IFeb. 27
M. Dollar Tacoma & Everett IFeb. 27
Montara Seattle IFeb. 28
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Feb. 2S
Wellington... Oystrr Harbor Feb. 28
Titania .. Nanaimn '. Feb. 29
Spokane Humboldt |Feb. 29
Santa Monica Grays Harbor .|Feb. 29
State of Cal.. San Diego A Way Pts.|FeD. »*9
Anubis Hamburg A Way Ports Feb. 29
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IFeb. 29
Curacao...... Mexican Ports #...Feb. 29
Iaqua..* Seattle A Tacoma Feb. 2t>
Rival Willapa Harbor ; Feb. 20
Centralia..... Grays Harbor Feb. 20
Hero Oyster Harbor Feb. 2:>
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. I Mar. 1
Del Norte Crescent City [Mar. 1
Bonita Newport A Way Ports.|Mar. 1
Eureka Humboldt JMar. 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Mar. Z
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Mar. 2
Rainier Seattle A Whatcom Mar. 2
North Fork... Humboldt IMar. 2
Arcata.... ... s Cocw Bay & Pt. Orford. Mar. 2
S. Barbara.. r "Seattle A Olympla IMar. 2
Chlco Coqullle River IMar. 3
Pomona...... Humboldt |Mar. a
Peru. ..... New York via Panama. iMar. 3
Point Arena. . Mendocino A Pt. Arena JMar. .".
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way Pts. I Mar. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.JMar. 5
Oregon. Portland & Astoria.... IMar. 5
Queen. ....... Puxet Sound Ports.... IMar. G
Alameda..... Honolulu .|Mar. K
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
MISCELLANEX)US BONDS.
Ala A W Bs. — — O T Co €s.H9 Il»U
Bay CPC 5s. — — Do Cs 1105;il2V3
Cal C G 5s. — 104 «4 Do con Ss.lOO 10!t,
Cal G A E g Oceanic S 6s — 73
m & ct 6». — 104 Otn Cable 6s. 122 —
Cal-st C 5».116»4117U Pae G Im 4s. 94 99
C C Wat Sa, — 100»4 P E Ry 5s. 105'.; —
Ed L & P •:.<«. 125 131 P & C H es.lfT.i, —
F ft C H to. - 119 P & O R 6s.ll« —
Geary-st Rs.. 45'-i 9O Powell-st «s.H2S —
H C&S 6VftS.104 — Sac EG*R5s «H«100
Do 5s 08H — sf & SJVBs.118 —
Hon R T Cs.lOS — sierra R 6s. 1UK112K
L A Elec 6«. — 105 S P of A 6»
LARy68..112\— 1009) 105H —
L A L Co Cs — — »1010> 10«b —
Do gtd 6«. — — S p of C «s
Do gtd 5«.103?;i05^ <l!K>3)Pr A.104«i —
LAP lem 8s.l0041C2fi (l»O5)Sr B lOS'* —
Mkt-st C 6».118 — (1906) 107 —
Do lem 6s. 116 — (1912) 118 —
MV& Mt5s. — 111?; SPC 1 eg 5a. — —
NRR of C69.106>41074 Do stmpd.109 109**
Do 5s 117*j — S P B R 6s.l34 —
N P C R 5s.lO5 — S P V 6s. 107% —
N C Ry 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. S9U1CO
N C P C 5*. — ICO Do 4s 3dm. 99VjlOO
N S R R 5s. — lOOi; Ptkn G*E6s — 100
| O G LAH.1s.109 — U G & E 5s.l(»U —
| O W gtd 5s. — 99 I
; WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa — 41 Port Costa.. — —
1 Marin Co... — «3 S V W Co. 33 S9V»
; GAS AND ELECTRIC.
! Cent L ft P. 3^ *3»; S F G & E. 57U 59
i Mutual B L. — 12 Stkn G & E 5 —
Pac L Co... 55 56 l^!u G & E. — 37
; TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
s r g & e. — — i
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.310 — |
: BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A... — 170
i Anlo-Cal .. S7i; — Mer Trust... — 225
i l".ank of Cal.4274440 Merch Ex... — —
1 t.al Safe Dp. — 1.10 S T Natlonl. — —
» Flirt Nationl — —
i SAVINGS BANKS,
i Ger S & L. — 23C0 Sav & L So. — 100
I Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lOO — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2OO i Presidio .... — 41
Geary _ go |
PuWDER.
Giant 61U — 1 Vigorit S«£ —
SUGAR.
1 Hana P Co. — 40c Kilauea S C. — 8
j Hawaiian C. 44 Vi 45 Makaweli C. 19\ 21
! Honoka* 8 C 11 12 Onomea S C 2-*! 29
j Hutch S P C. H M t Paauhau 3 C U'i -
MISCELLANEOUS.
I Alaska P A. 1.14 4138 Oceanic S C. 44 *%
Cal F C A. 95 — p ac Aux FA 5 6
C*l WJne A. — — Pac C Borx.167 —
MV4 MtTm 9") —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con Kl 75
30 Spring Valley Water Co TO 25
16.000 Northern Cal Ry 5 per cent.. 110 00
J5,C(m> Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.105 25
Street —
35 California Wine Association... 02 50
$4,000 Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 9» 5O
$11,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per. cent. 1"5 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Wine Association... 92 M>
5 Makaweli 20 00
40 Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
$1,000 Market- st Ry let con 5s 116 25
$1,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 118 25
Street —
90 California Wine Association... 92 50
25 Giant Powder Con «1 75
$5,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.. Ill 00
$2,000 Spring Val 4s <3d mtge) <Xi M)
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Bid. Ask
Bay CPC 6». 93 1<j2's's P Co 4Vi«. »H 99
B L Wat 6s. — 120 'Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Cal NW £*..110V4112 Do 5s 102Vi —
hF Drdk 5s. — 113'iSuttr-st Rii.lftS 113
SF & NP 5s.lIU;ilHi|UR of SF 4s 78 79»«
S P C R 4s — 100 i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co — 22 (Mils Nat BSc.SOO —
Cal Cot Mils — 95 N«v Nat Ek. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N S R R 11 —
C Jockey Cl. !)0 120 N C P Co... 9 —
Cal Powder. 125 — ,Oak Bk Sav.lU'4 —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. tS5 —
Cal T I & T.115 140 ilOOF Hall A 54 —
Cen Bk. Oak 63-% — Orpheum Co. — 16*;
Chutes Co .. «4 T^JPac S Tel... — 1CO> 3
City & C Bk. — 112 ,Paraf Paint. 29 —
East Dynm.150 230 S F Drydock 60 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SF&SJ Coal. — 224
Fischer Thtr 1 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Frnch-A Bk.105 — SO & MTght — 165
Gas Con .A.. l»ti 21 Swiss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co. 04 — Truckee Elec — 13
I-on& SF Bk — 60 LP. Inc pfd. 45 —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com .. 104 —
Afternoon Session.
Street—
$3,000 S K &. N P Ry 5 per cent... Ill 25
$1,000 United It R of S F 4 per cent*. 79 W»
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Slock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 45 46
Associated Trust Certificates. 2» ....
Aztec 25 80
California Standard 13
Caribou 1 B5
Central Point Con fi'> 7O
Chicago Crude IS
("laremont !V> ....
Esperaara. 2 CO
Four fi9 70
Fulton 4 «'O
Hanford 140 00
Home 120 12.%
Independence 15 IK
Junction 15 16
Kern 4 75 5 0O
Kern River 13 00
Monarch <of Arizona) 41 ....
Monte Crlsto 77'i S74
Occidental of W Va 10
Oil City Petroleum .*:2 31
Peerless 13 50 • ....
San Joaquin O & D 2 t)O
Senator KX
Sovereign 45 . "
Sterling 2 50 2 75 ;
Toltec 19
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 25
West Shore 2 60 3 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land ft Imp 1 30 1 55 :
Northern Cal Power 9 S74 10 00
SALES.
Morning Session. ■ ;
SCO Claremont 50
400 Twenty-eight Oil. b 10 4 25
Afternoon Session.
"00 Sovereign 45
HIC! Associated 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ] Destination.. I Sails. I Pier.
; February 37. f
Lakme Los Angeles Ports. 10 am'P'.er 20 ;
San Pedro.. j Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Oregon ] Astoria *: Pcrtland'll am Pier 24
City Panam N T via Panama.! 12 m Pier 40
Memphis... Hamburg A Way. 112 m Pier 19
Arctic Humboldt ! fi pm|Pler 2
Centennial. 1 Seattle A Tacoma. j 5 pm|Pler 2O
G. Lindauer! Astoria & Portland; 6 pmjPier 8
China I China & Japan 1 pmiPler 40
Alliance I Eureka A Coos B. | 3 pm Pier 1«
Claverlng.. Hkon? v. Portland I Pier 27
February 28. |.
Pt. Arena. . Pt. Arena A Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka : Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona I Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa.... San Diego & V/ay.| S am PJer 11
February 29. I j
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Elisabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 amIPler 11
S Montca.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amIPler 2
Centralia.. Los Angeles Ports. !10 am!Pier 10
Maxell 1. I I
Empire Ccos Bay direct. .110 ami Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier 6
Marcn 2. ';(
Spokane.... Humboldt 11:30 p]Pler 9
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. I 4 pm|Pler 2
March 3. | |
Sierra...^..! Sydney & Way ! 2 pmiPler 7
G. W. Elder! Astoria A Portland! 11 am! Pier 24
Porno Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pmtPier 2
State Cal... San Diego A Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
March 4.
Arcata '■ Coos B. A Pt. OrfdllO anVPier 13
Bonita ! Newport & Way. .| » aro|Pier 11
Marcn 5.
Doric China & Japan 1 1 pmjPier 40
Acapulco... 1 N. Y. via Panama. 112 m!Pier 40
North Fork.' Humboldt ! 5 pm'Pler 20
Rainier.... : Seattle A Whatcom 4 pmlPier 10
March 6. j
Chlco i Coqullle River 6 pm[Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amiPier »
jeanle Seattle A Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Marcn 7. j |
Curacao Mexican Ports |10 amjPier 11
~~\ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway * Way Ports. Feb. 28
Farallon Skagway A Way Ports. [Feb. 28
Excelsior Valdez A Way Ports. .iMar. 1
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. |Mar. 4
Bertha.. Valdez & Way Port*. .|Mar. 10
j Dollar Valdez A Seward [Mar. 10
Time BaU.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange San Francisco. Cal..
February 26. 1904.
The Time Ball on tlie tower of the Ferry
buildirg was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
- 1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p in. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in char,.
WOMEN KILLED
IN AN ELEVATOR
Accident in State House at
I)es Moines Causes Death
of Mother and Daughter
MISTAKE OF OPERATOR
Cage Is Started Before Vic
tims Are Inside, and Both
Are Caught and Crushed
DES MOINES. Iowa, Feb. 26.— Mrs.
C. B. Fountain and her mother. Mrs. A.
Hogue of Valley Junction, Iowa, were
crushed to death to-day in an elevator
accident at the Statehou^c. Mrs.
Hogue was the last person to get on
the elevator, and the operator started
the cage before she had fully got out of
reach of the door. Her daughter, see
ing her danger, reached out to grab
her. and was caught between the caga
nnd the ceiling and crushed, killing
her instantly. The operator then re
versed the power and the mother made
a plunge for her daughter and was
caught between the floors of the build
ing and the roof of the cage. Before
the bodies were released both women
were dead.
Secretary Shaw's Family Coming:.
Chauncey M. St. John. Deputy Sur
veyor of Customs, started for Ogden
yesterday afternoon in obedience to a
telegram from "Washington to meet
Mrs. L. M. Shaw and her two daugh
ters, who are on their way to this city.
Customs Collector Stratton also haa
been notified, and will place one of tha
revenue cutters at the disposal of th»
distinguished guests.
Inspector BermliiKham Returns.
United States Supervising Inspector
Bermlngham has returned from "Wash
ington.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FKANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FoliowinK were th* sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock ami Exchange Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 100 Andes 47 ino Occidental ... SO
10O Belcher 22 lm> f>phlr 4 79
10O Caledonia ... »>8 1W Savane M
2T)0 Challenge Con 33 4<:i> Savage ."-3
10O Con C & Va.t 70 Kfo S«-g Belcher.. OS
ICO Con C * Va.l fi.V 20«> Sierra Nev .. f>t
B00 Crown Point. 2* Sflo t'nlon Con .. SB
2(iO Oould & Cur. 41, Jfift 1'iah -1
100 Gould & Cur. 40 BOO Yellow Jacket 4*
200 Mexican I S3; 300 Yellow Jacket 43
Afternoon Sesxlon.
j ino And» 47, 100 Confidence ...1 1»
1<K> Belcher 311 l'ix> Oould A Cur. 4O
l<>0 Cale«!cnla ... f>9| 2UO Ophir 4 K.*»
](H> Caledonia »h( ifio Savajre TO
M Caledonia 1 OOi SW »eg ReVner. . 0*
100 Con C A Va.l tii>, l"0 Yellow Jacket «
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the pale* on the PacSfla
j Stock Exchanse yesterday:
Morning S?psion.
I 2C0 Andes 47| 10<> Mexican ...1 77*i
I 200 Crown Point. 21 ; 3CO Scorpion 0.1
300 Crown Point. ZS :5CO Silver Hill .. 65
100 Hale A Norc. U5I inn Union Con .. M
ICO Mexican it&\ UX> L'lah 22
j ICO Mexican .,...1 SO)
Afternoon Session.
SCO Con C & Va.l 0| 10O Scorpion . 03
4CO Con C Jfe V.V «^'i .".no Set? Belcher.. 07
200 Gould & Cur. 41 2M> l'nlon Con .. S.1
400 Gould i Cur. A2\ ICo Union Con .. Sti
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Kxchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Evelyn S3. BOO IteKtM •»
200 MacNamara. 2tt! 6tt> Ton Relmont. .*•!
6»»> Mont Ton ..1851 W(» Ton P.elmont. 32
4'» Mont Ton . . 1 SO 11C0 Ton Midway. 40
600 Ray & OBrlen 07 i
Afternoon Session.
BOO Brunswick .. C6;iI0O Rescun 09
20<> Evelyn S* 40O Hescue 10
200 MacNaraara . 20; «D0 Ton Belmont. T>2
300 Mont Ton ..1 "3 l<)0 Ton r>f Nev.S 7S
100 Mont Ton..l 32'j' -00 Ton Midway. 40
40«> Paymaster ... 10 200 Ton N Star.. 31
200 Kay A OBrien C9
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 28 — ft p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha f« 08 Justice 08 07
Alta n ~ 1* Kentuck 03
Andes 49 SI Keyea Ora»a.. — 1 75
Belcher *> 32 I^dy Wash.. — Ofl
Best A Belch.2 <>O 2 30 Mexican 1 80 1 «fl
Bullion 11 12 Occidental ... SO Kl
Caledonia ... 97 0ft Ophir 4 70 4 75
Challenge Con .ti SS Overman .... SO X2
rbollar 1H -OPotosI 18 17
Confldence ...1 OS 1 15 Savage Bt S3
Con C *; Va.l 60 1 «5| Scorpion Kl 04
Con Imperial. 02 03,Seir Belcher.. 07 09
Con NY 0.1 CVSierra" Nev .. Bl M
Crown Point. 23 SI Silver Hill . . 6.1 6»
F.ast Sierra N 05 — St IvOUla .... — lfl
Eureka Con... — BO Syndicate ... ft* 0.1
Exchequer ... 14 Ifi'l'nion Con ..83 88
Oculd A Cur. 41 43'T"tah 21 23
Hale A Norc. »5 07 1 Yellow Jacket 47 43
Julia .04 03-
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.AsJc.
Colehan — 1» Ray & OBrlra 07 N\
Ksperanza ... — 01' Rescue 09 It
Gipsy Queen.. — SO Ton Belmont. 81 S3
Gold Anchor. 15 2S Ton A Cal... — zr.
Hannapah Mu — 25 Ton Exten... Kfl 70
MacNamara . 17 19 Ton of Nev.S BO 6 o«
Mont Ton..l 32^ 1 N Star.. 33 34
N Y Ton — 02 Ton Midway. 30 41
Paymaster ... — 10 Ton Superior. — 11
Kay Ton ... 12 20 United Ton ..09 13
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA RIVERS
• The following table gives a comparatrw
j statement for two years ot the estimated Harm
j of certain California rtver9 la cubic feet pel
I second, or- second feet. The figure* for thl
last year may bo revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett
hydrographer. United States Geological Surveyi
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON!
Second Feet.
DATE. •
1903. 1304.
I .___^___ »
j February 14 16.310 19.900
'February 15 14.830 T5.10O
! February 1« 14.130 184.«0O
[February 17 1 13.800 B1.70O
February IS 1--..110 49.70O
! February 19 12.770 |r.0.fi2O
i February 20 ! 12.770 | o4.3W
TUOLCMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
1000. I 1904."
February II...." l.l«0 l.W>" #
1 February 13 1.320 1.12O
[February 16 1.180 I3.3M
(February 17 1,180 5.033
1 February 18 t 1.180 S.02.1
'February 19 l.l«0 2.050
February 20 1 1.320 1 - tso
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
j February II ; 815 im
j February 1"» 7HO 44f«
I February 1« j 1.105 B2O
February 17 j 7S<> 2,:Mf»
February 1» I 7Sf> 1.CO7
Fetruary 10 j 7si> 7:«
"February 20 ! 7SO | 624
TULE RIVER. NEAP. POKTEP.V1LLeT~
Second Feet.
I io'K;. iooi.
February II ! 1«J 7h
February 15 1 Its;; 39
February IK 114 is:j
February 17 141 408
February 1* 141 1«5
February 19 i«;s ug
Fehruarv 20 '. | ifK «»»COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS:
( twui steamer out to-day takes considerable Treasure.
W'all-slrcct Stocks lozvcr on the day. Cotton higher.
ral Stocks and Bonds still quiet and featureless.
Exchange and Silver' as ''previously quoted.
heat market getting used to the Oriental tear.
Japan reported again tn tins market for Barley,
(hits sold up north for Japanese account,
torn and Rye fjrmlv held at unchanged quotations.
I : oir local movement in Flour and Feedstuff's. *
ll'iy easy, ozcmg to ram and crowded railroad xards.
beans higher and tn brisk demand for shipment.
Potatoes firm and selling off zvcfl.
Onions still firm. Southern Vegetables in liberal receipt.
Poultry strong, but unchanged. Game generally sour.
Heavy rains still interfere until the Orange trade.
J rcpistons firm here and elsewhere.
Sovic changes in Meats, with Hoi/s fractionally higher.
Salmon higher and in better demand in Europe.
-Mess Beef for Russia unloaded from steamer.
Continued importations of Japanese yen at this port. y
Turpentine declines 4c per gallon.
THE JAPANESE YEN.
Explanation of the Current Im
portations From Japan.
Th* Wall Strwt Journal says:
"The gold that ha* come to San Francisco
(rota Japan and has t*-en transferred to New
V'irk by t*l**:raph through the Sub -Treasury,
during th<? latt two months and a half, var
t.*-nt partly in payment of suppU'.-s purchased
in thf l"nit«>d State* anJ partly to buy cx
changir on London with which to pay for the
\iarth:;'S purchased by the Japanese Govern
..mtct.
"It ha* tx*n observed that nothing is known
1 : th» shipment of the cold from Japan until
the Cleaner bringing it has arrived at San
Francisco. The Japanese authorities un<i»-r
■>-and the imjtortance of keeping such matters
trcrot.
•'.-t-rling Exchange *at New York is cheaper
than, any w-her eUe in the world. The cur
rt-ne'retf: for checks is LSSOQ, comparing with
25c tu 20c rn Paris, equal to liKSS, and 2um
CSpt 'u r>f>r!in. equal to 4.SM5.
"Therefore Jajianese Fold 1p pent to San
■»an<~ii.<-o. With fr»-e transit ncrrss the conti
• i> nt the sold will buy exchange hfre. An
«moum in exens of the par value of the
•rr.rtal Is vfry nearly «vjual , to the cost of
: rar.y;>oitatlon fnjrr. Japan to San Fmnci-co.
. "Our stock of gold will probably receive
<*■ 4Rs<id*ra!>l** in'Teas^? from Japan <lurir.g the
war in the frame way. It its reasonable to
:•:;;•<■»' that the money which th»» Japanese
•iovonirara: has on deposit with the li..r.'< ct
JInpUr.i! will he rrser\-e<l for prcat emergen
• io< fir.<". that current expenditures in the
Catted States and Europe will be met out of
ihi ctock of cold in Japan.
"TfcUF there is another source of surply for
cold '.hat may Ymxe to b*> sent to Eurcre In
wttletncBt of the Panama canal claims, in
.-.'I'.tifn to that which will be taken from
JVccthcr Report.
dtOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 26—5 p. m.
Tlie «ol!cK-!r.(Br arc the seasonal rainfalls to
• :.:•. x; Compared uith thcs»> of fame <i.*t<? lapt
i*e«scr.. er.u rainfalls in last twenty-four hourt=:
I^asi This Last
SUitions — 24 hours, season, reason.
Rureka 41. si
Uo.l Uluff O.2S 20.11 17.78
Sacramento ii.22 ' 10.36 11.31
Francisco 0.'»0 12.«5 11.49
rmm* 0.t»0 2.<i7 .'..72
In :-Irf;ncience O.ini 1.26 1.81
".San l.ui* OblsiK) O.Oli «.74 11.85
]>>e Ar.fc'cl*s Tr. - 2.50 S.59
iS«n Ditgo O.0<> 1.74 'J.OT.
THE COAST RECORD.
™ •* -* "~" cc *"3
, 5 r« $1 af 4 s
STATION. B II S3 g| V f
; 55 53 =3 =■ £
Baker 2».T,0 4S 42 S Rain
''arson 2T».7O T.4 4(5 S Rain .02
Farallon :."J» T,A .. SW Rain .29
Kr*-«r.o 2U.UH *A 54 t=w Cloudy .00
r!«Mr»tarr is».^# r* zn sw cloudy .00
;•..••.. 2«..%4 &2 3« BE Know .0O
J ndejK nUcnoe .?.*.&*> 70 4« 8W Cloudy .00
Los AnpeleF. .."?<>. <(4 64 54 W Cloudy Tr.
'Rit Tamalpais.29.iKt 46 .. W RaJn .54
North Hrad..23.4'J »» 40 SW Cloudy .74
Pbatalx 2y.s2 h2 52 W Clear .00
Trim Rpyes..S<.»>:{ X>2 .. SW Cloudy .26
Portland 29.68 4S 42 SW Cloudy .04
Hed Bluff 2s*.;<> .'.6 54 EE Cloudy .2*
Koseburg TA.T.H SO 40 NW Cloudy l.*X
hacrini»nto ..rt».N« r>i> 48 SW Rain .22
Salt Lake IS*. CO B8 4S KK Cloudy .«O
t^j.n Franr-isco.^a.iCJ 5s f.2 S="tV Ctoudy .50
!-an L. Obispo.30.<i2 M r,2 BW Cloudy .00
Han Difgc 30.02 64 B« W Cloudy .W
Seattle 2»..':S 4« :<0 KE Cloudy .S8
Spckane 29.42 44 2S P Pt.Cldy .10
Tatoosh 29.26 42 40 BW Cloudy .66
Walla Walla.2a.4r. T>0 3<» S Pt.Cldy .14
Winnemucca .2fl..'>2 58 4« SW Cloudy .(K)
Yuroa 23. S4 SO 52 W Clear -CO
WEATHER COXniTJOXS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An exttnflve etorm is moving over the Pa
cific slop*. Heavy rain has fallen from San
Francisco northward and conditions are favor
able for rain southward. The pressure has
fellen eteaJUy over the northwestern portion
of the country during the past twenty-four
hours.
Southeast storm warnings are continued
along the crast.
Hiph southerly winds are reported at many
points. At North Head, <;0 miles, from the
t-outh: Point P.*-yes. «X> miles, from the wnuh;
Winn«?mucca. .j- mil»s, from the eouthwett;
Carson City, .'{6 miles, from the southwest;
'■'.' ■:• • . «t> miles, from the southwest.
The rivers In northern California will rise
rapidly Satunlay. Warnings have been %ent
to points on the upj>er Sacramento. Amerl ain,
• Yuba and Feather rivers. The river readings
arr: Marj'^'iH*, IS. 5, failing; Sacramento, 27.7,
falling; Red Bluff. 1S.0. rising; Tehama, 13.0,
falling.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 27:
Northern California — Rain Saturday; brii-k
to high kouthfrly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
■u^ather Saturday, probably rain; brick south
erly winds.
Nevada — Rain or enow Saturday; high south
w<ft winds.
-. Kan Francisco and vicinity— Ra'.n Saturday;
lirlfk to hisrh southerly winds.
A. G. McADlE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MABKETS.
• • Nc7v York Money Market.
NKW YORK. Feb. 28. — Closer — Prime mer
c*iuile pep»r. 4%Q0% per cent.
Kurllni; exrhanjre was strong after weakness.
with HTtual btfinesp in banker*' bills at
M 68.4291 1&£3 for demand and at $4 t&.oZQ
1 >■:'..:,.'• fee Ftxtr-dcy bills.
. Hosted rates, M M>^/4 W704 87%.
Oomimr.-lal bills, $4 b3\l<3A 63%..
Mexican do!lan>, 45"- e.
Oov^rrim^nt t;ond*, steady.
Railroad bonds, *t<*ady.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Feb. i»6. — An attemot was
• .r.ade to carry the rally In prices on stock
whirh «*t in yetfrdny ftill further to-day.
<>n'y clicht sralne v.ere oftabllehed. and at the
i..Khrr levri the demand h«d dwindled to at
"/'"f « IPm l "' inl that th( " trader* abandoned
thHr «rfort» to carry on the rise. There was
sor.i* increase in wiling prf esure. but this did
2 a 'V !Tlu ' h ""Mr*. The seliihte. «n fact,
r,n<l the appearance of traders' ventures for a
■ ». I ».ft.r tb«.j found it demonstrated that
vr\<-t+ «r,uM not po up. Yesterday'* rally had
iToujrht r>rir<i- bark ir, about the l^vel where
th'y Irft off on Saturday Ip.m. which evidently
rneaiirwj above the r«-c::i:- iV.'.-i- character
TS..-W afwlormenth wrj- n - • -f Importance,
cut u»e current ntwj laflictttd the coatlau-
> ance of seme of the unfavorable features
j which hav- ke:it the mark€t under pressure
for sonic time cast. There was a renewal of
! gossip concerning the Northern Securities ue-
I clsicn. anJ as^eriionB of It very unfavorable
1-n character, notwithstanding the reports ot
the presence of the secret service officers In
Wall street district to ferret out any nefarious
dis.-lcsure of tht Supreme Court" s decision.
Thfse reports, if they were intended to deter
the rumor-mongers, failed of their purpose.
Railroad earnings presented an uns«tisfactory
fhowlnc. with tht exception of n few of the
Eontlrw«*tetna. Atchiiton. Wabash and Hock
ing Valley represented the prevailing down
ward tendency of net gainings in th^ir Janu
ary rtums. The dealings for foreign account
were small, but t!»e uncertalntiea of the for
eign situation were not without Influence. A
periodical settlement is Impending In the stock
markets, both in Paris and Berlin, and In
dew of t»<e violent declines which have oc
curred since tnese accounts were opened there
was doubt ovi-r the possible result of the set
tlement. Thr promise of a furthor increase
in the o«sh rpsrvfs as a result failed to rally
I the markft, and tfc« riling up of the reserve
I has reached 3. pplnt which arouses fears that
j it rerrfsf-nts a decline in business activity.
I Th»> d;?nii«sal of an injunction in the cofnpll
j cated corner litigation caused a spasmodic re
eorery of th»> previous loss .n Amalgamated
Copper, b'.it afforded *mall help tn railroad
stocks. The active stocks show lcsse* for the
J day of atout a ooint, and the closing was
easy.
Bonds were quite stead/, but dull and feat
ureless. Pales, *7('-0.000.
Unitfd Pta'^s b .nds were uncharged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I Stocks — Open. High. Low. Close.
JAtchlaon 15.700 €5% <H% 64%
I Atchiton vfi 100 8STti **% f>$hk
Ualtim.re & Ohio. 11.U0U 75U 7414 T4^
I Iiait & Ohio pfd 86%
] Canadian Pacific... 1.4C<0 114V4 113V4 113%
Cen of New Jersey lot
Chesa; eakc & Ohio. 1,(K» 30 29"fe W%
Chicago & Alton 35
Chi & Alton pfd M%
Chi Great Western 500 15 14% 14%
Chicago & N W... 100 163 163 162
Chi. Mil & £t Fa.. 23.tioO 1.1»?4 138 13.S14
C. MiStP pfd.. 100 175 175 173
Chi Ttrm & Trans 9
Chi T & T pfd.... 300 19H 19^ 19,
C. C, C & M Louis 72
Colorado Southern. 300 15% 15% 13
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 53 02 62H
Colo South 2<i pfd.. 400 2-1% 22% 22%
l>pla 6c Hudson... ZOO 15C',i 150 U.5%
l>cl. Lack & W«t .°,00 268 2«2 2O4
j iH-nver Uio G... WX) 10 10% m*
i I>en & Rio G pfd. 300 65% C5% tiSVi
I Erie 27,tiOO 23*i 22- Tl\i
Eric 1st pfd 2,100 62% til =4 61%
Kris 24 pfd 400 08Y, 38 37%
Horking Valley 71
j flocking Val pfd 78%
; Illinois Central GOO 120% 12(5 12«
I Iowa Central 100 18 '18 18
Iowa Central pfd 33
K C Southern 16%
K C Sf-uthern pfd 31
Louis fc Nash COO 102 Vi 101% 101%
Manhattsn L 700 142 14U% 140%
Metropolitan Sees. 800 85% 84 83%
Metropolitan St Ry COO 115% 114% 114 U
Minn & St Louie 58
M, HP&SSM.. 100 58»i 58% 08%
H.StP & SS M pfd 118
Missouri Pacific 8.20O &>% UTA 87%
Mo, Kan t Texas.. 300 15 1494 1*\
M. K & T pfd 35
Xtl R H Mex pfd. 100 34% 34% 34%
New York Central. 1,100 114% 113% 113%
Norfolk & Western 200 W3% M% 55$%
Nor & We?t pfd 85
Ontario & Western. 300 20 1 -; W% 19Ti
Pennsylvania 45,700 113H 112V4 112H
P. C. C & St Louis 59
I Heading COO 4O?4 30% :i9%
Reading 1st pfd 75%
Reading 2d pfd... 500 56 06 55%
Rock Ifland Co... C.400 21 20% 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 200 t"0% 00% »>0
StL & SF 2d pfd.. 400 41% 40% 41
St Louis & iS W 13%
Ft L & S W i-fd.. 200 30 30 29
Southern Pacific... 11,500 44',i 43% 43Vt
Southern Railway.. 1,700 19% 16% 18%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,000 79% 78% 78V4
Texas & Pacific. .TOO 22 T * 22% 22%
T, St L & W 100 24% 24% 24
T, St L & Wprd.. 200 33% 33 32%
Union Pccific ■.. 1,800 74% 73"4 73%
Unlon Pacific pfd.. 1,000 87 S7 87
Wabash •>...» 17%
Wabash pfd 2,200 34% 32% 32^4
Wheeling &. L E 14'
Wisconsin Central. 1,000 17»i 17% 17%
Witconsin Ccn pfd. 100 40>» 40V4 30V»
Exprer* Companies —
Adams 220
American 1S5
United States 100
Wrlls-Fargo 206
Mi.^cellaneoue —
Am Copper 31.000 *~li. 46% 464i
Amer Car & F 100 19 19 18%
Amer Car & F pfd 67$
A^iier Cotton Oil 28%
Amer Cot Oil pfd 88
American Ice 7%
A merles n Ice pfd.. 400 31% 31% 30 V 4
Amer Linseed Oil .... S%
Amer Lin Oil pfd 26%
Amer Locomotive... 2,800 23 22% 22 Vi
Amer Loco pfd 79
Amer Smelt & R. . . 100 46% 40% 4«%
Amer S & Ref pfd 500 90 89% 89%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 9,800 125% 123% 123V4
Anaconda Min Co 300 65 64 64
Brooklyn R Tran. 22,900 40% 39% 39%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 30% 30% 30 '
Consolidated Gas .. 2,000 100% 18% 183
Corn Products 600 18% 17% ■ 18
Corn Produ pfd 69
Distillers' Secur .. «00 23% 23% 23V4
General Electric ... 800 161 168 158
Inter paper 11%
Inter paper pfd .' 64%
Inter Pump 33
Inter Pump pfd 71 Vi
National Lead 14%
North American 81%
Pacific Mail 600 25%- 25% 25
People's Gas - 979i
Pressed Steel Car .... , 27
Pressed Steel C pfd «8
Pullman Pal Car 208
Republic Steel 7
Republic Steel pfd 41
Rubber Goods 200 19% 19 19
Rubber Goods pfd 79%
Tenn Coal & Iron 34%
t; S Leather 1.000 71% 7 7
U 8 Leather pfd... 200 77% 77% 77
U S Realty 100 7U 7% 7
U S Realty pfd.... fiOO 50% 49 49%
U S Rubber 11V4
V S Rubber pfd 47
V S Steel 3.000 10% 10% 10%
U S Steel pfd 15,100 55% 54% M%
Westinghousc Elec. 100 157 157 155
Western Union 87
Nor Securities ..... 89
Total sales 307,600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— No bond transaction*
1 to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. *&?■?
Bid 3%, asked 4; preferred, bid 34, asked 35.
NEW YORK BONDS. ;
U S ref 2s rcg..l04% L & N unified 4s. 08%
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s.l03%
Do «* reg 1C6 Mex Cent 4s 64
no coupon 106% Do 1st Jnc 13
Do new 4« reg.132% Minn & St L 4s. 08%
Do coupon 1»2% M. K & Tex 4s. B6%
Do old 4« reg.l(W% Do 2ds ........ 77
Do coupon 107 V4 NR of Mex con 4s 72 %
Atch gr«-n 4s..... 1»% NY C gen 3%s.. 96%
Do adj 4s .... 87% N J C gen 6s... 128%
Atlantic C L 4s. 02% Nor Pa c 4a ....:1O2%
Bal & Ohio 4».. 100% Do 3s .:....-.. 70%
Do 3%« • f* 2^ Kor & w con 4s - °"^
r^ntral of Ga 5S.1C5 OSL 4s A partlc. 90*.
Do 1 £t inc C« Vi Pa con v 3 %s . . . . 04 %
Cbes & Ohio 4!£8.103?i Reading gen 4s.. asj^
•■•.-••- • •- ■ ■■
THE SAN. FRA>7CISCO CALL, SATURDAY;. FEBRUARY 27, 190*.
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74%]SL & I M con 5s.ll2%
C. B & Q new 4s. 92 8 L & S F fg 4s. 80%
C.M & SP gn 4s.lO8%St Louis SW lsts. 93 :
C & NW con 7s. 129% Seaboard A L 4s. «5%
C, R I & Pac 43. CSV4 So Pac 4s 88
£>o col 5s 80 So Ry 5s 111%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s 98 Tex & Pac lsts. 115
Chi Term 4s 8% T St L & W 4s. 69
Cons Tobacco 4s. 55% Union Pac 4s.. .102%
Colo & So 4s... 84% Do conv 4s 94%
C K & I conv 5s. 73 US Steel 2d>5s.. 71%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% Wabaah lsts ....115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 06% Do dtb B 59%
Do gen 4s 84% \V & L Erie 4s. 88%
F \V & D C lsts. 104 IWis Cent 4s S'J
Hocking Val 4%s.lO3 I
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS. ;
Adams Con 10'LlttIe Chief .'....■ 07
Alice 17 Ontario .4 50
Breece 11 Ophir 4 60
liruns Ccn C5 Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel 06jPotosi 14
Con Cal & Va.. 1 55 Savage 60
Horn Sirver 1 15 Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 .10 Small Hopes .... 20
Ltadville Con ... 02|Standard 2 50
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— u S Steel .... 10%
Call loans 3%{f4% Do pfd 55
Time loans 4%(&5% Westing Common. 77
Bonds — Mining—
Atchison 4s 97% Adventure 2 .
Do adj 4s 87 Allouez 3%
Mex Cent 4s 63 Amal Copper .... 46%
Railroads— Amer Zinc 7%
Atchison ..- 64% Atlantic 7
Do pfd 86% Blngham 20
Boston & Albany.245 Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston & Maine.166% Centennial ...... 16%
Boston Elev 137% Copper Range ... ."8%
Fitchburg pfd 136 Daly West ..... 33%
Mex Central 0% Dom Coal 56
N Y, N H & H..101 Franklin 8
Pere Marquette.. 78. Grancy 3%
Union Pacific . . . 73% isle Royale .... 7
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining .... 3V4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 Michigan ....'.-.. 4%
Do pfd 74 Mohawk 34%
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% Mont Coal & C 2%
Amer Sugar ....123% Old Dominion ..10
Do pfd..» 123 Osceola 54
Amer Tel & Tel. 119% Farrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... u Qulncy .......... 80
Do pfd C9% Shannon 7%
Dom Iron & S.. S'g Tamarack 95
Ed Elec Ilium. .230 Trinity ......... 4%
Gen Electric 157^ US Mining..... 20V
Mats Electric ... 17% TJ S Oil 8%
Do pfd 72%;utah 32U
Mass Gas 3S%| Victoria " 3%
Unitfd Fruit 96 UVinona v 5
Un Shoe Mach... 45% j Wolverine 71
Do pfd 28V4
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money. R8M« N Y Central 117%
Do for acct... S6'(i Nor & Western.. 57%
Anaconda S}\ Do pfd 89
Atchison 67% Ont & Western.. 20%
Do pfd 91% Pennsylvania 68%
Bal & Ohio 77 Rand Mines 8%
Can Pacific 114 Reading ........ 20%
Che» & Ohio 30TJ Do 1st pfd 33
Chi Great W 15*4 Do 2d pfd 28%
Chi. Mil & St P. 143 So Railway J9%
De Beers 1»V 4 I Do pfd 81
Don & Rio.G 19U So Pacific 45U
Do pfd C7%|Union Pacific .. 70%
Erie 23% Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd «4%]U S Steel 11U
Do 2d pfd 40% Do pfd 57
111 Central 130% Wabaeh IS
Louis & Nash... 105 Do pfd 34U
M. K & Tex ... 15Tfc ■
Bar silver— Steady, 26 ll-16d per ounce
Money— 3<§3% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 8%G3% per cent and for three
months' bills 3% ©3 5-16 per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
February 2.1, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
-L_i, — Per Cent —
CITIES. Amount. Inc. Dec.
N>w York $ 861.S46.S42 21 0
Chicago 149.367,501 4
Boston 102,576,406 8 7
Philadelphia 80,590,128 14 5
St. Louis 46.377,320 12 1
Pittsburg 30,S.*5S.9<)3 34! i
San Francisco 21,9.13,014 ' 7 jj
Baltimore 14.2S4.135 17*8
Cincinnati 1S.48C.030 « 1
Kansas City 18.822 :U5 8 6
New Orleans 21,373.361 53il ' ".".
Cleveland 10.876.523 17.1
Minneapolis 14,057.845 39.4
P etrolt , 7.597,334 .... 6.3
Louisville 9.427,702 10 3
Omaha 6,088,391 1 (j
Milwaukee C,996,S01 10.8
Providence 6,501,100 'J'b
Buffalo 5.511.550 4 ' 8
Indianapolis 5,066,378 3 5
St. Vom\.. 4,723,112 .... 8.3
Los Angeles 5,331,613 23 7
£t. Joseph 4,58:1,60(5 u'o
I*nver 3.817.8S2 .... 5*2
Columbus 3,401,000 .... 163
Memphis 4.331.270 10 5
Seattle 3,157..'MH .... "58
Richmond 4 251 470 43 •>
Washington 3.24JA29 7.3
Savannah 2,327,334 o« G
Albany 2,573,700 .'..'. n'o
Portland. Or 2,508,480 9.3
J_°rt 'Worth 3,310,224 46.0 "
Toledo, Ohio 2,455,100 i7 - n
Salt Lake City... 2 042 CS4 """" 30
Scoria 2,914.000 i'.ii
Atlanta 2,«593,753 3.6 ""
Rochester 1,S17.3U7 7.4
S ar l f0 M? 2.084,069 S3 . .?
Nashville 2.213,198 9.1
Dos Molnes 1.872,0«7 10 0
Spokane, Wash.. 1,783,482 .' *s"s
Tacoma 1,867,283 «!9
•irand Rapids.... 2,154,284 14 0
Now Haven 1.239.946 .. io'fl
Scranton 1.436.047 25 3 I
P a >t°n 1.22S.H38 25.1 |
Norfolk ......... 1.473.721 '. "i'«
Springfield. Mass. 1.224 061 ■ " '
Worcester 861.650 '.'.'.' u)'k i
Portland. Me 1,146,705 . is 1
Augusta, Ga 1,180.224 :...'. 485 j
Topeka ejil.546 .... 40 4
Sioux City 1.112.2S5 ... Ill
Syracuse 1.003.430 . 13 1
Evansvllle 965,493 ..."
Birmingham . 1,135,925 595 ""
Wilmington. Del.. 872.274 jVo
Knoxvllle 1,212.610 ifl2 ""-I
Davenport (W1.R04 . ' io"i
B R ° Ck 1.073,530 lO.'o 7
AMlkesbarre . 710,426 ... in 7
Fall River 864)548
Macon 640,000 . " i^'i
Wheeling. W. Va. 484. 70S " " 074
Wichita 911,8X6 ii'a *
Akron 452.387 3l!o
Chattanooga 676,163 At
Springfield. Ill 703,720 V^'h
Ka'.amazoo, Mich. 514 728 ' i->"-i
Youngstown ...., 513,089 Va
Helena 475,845 ..." 2V5
Lexington 434,017 .. 31 "«
Fargo. N. D . O ,4»,102 .. 2 9
New Bedford 457 780 " h-i
Canton. Ohio 247.000 "" 33
Jacksonville, Fla. 746.043 95*3
Lowell 481,407 ; ""'
Chester; Pa 383.352 . '
Greensburg. Pa... 301,718 .'.".'. 303
Rockford. Ill 528,001 173
Blrghamton 333,300 .
Springfield. Ohio.. 313,737 ' 13*0
Bloomlngton, 111.. 387,310 ii 5
Qulncy. Ill 325.052 . ' . it'o
Sioux Falls. S. D. 203,625 94
Mansfield, Ohio... 194,532 21 °
Decatur. Ill ... 240.680 ~ .'." 14 '7
Jacksonville. 111.. 199 0!»5 4*8 '
Fremont. Neb.... 181.245 ..'. 22'"
tHouston 11.102,279 i 7 "K
tGalveston 6,404,000 . . w't
•Charleston. S. C. 1,097.830 \.Q
Cedar Rapids 333,415 "'.
Totals. U. S $1,552,930,499 14 o
Outside N. Y... C91.0S3.941 .... 4 - o
CANADA. . '
Montreal $16,870,108 , ]
Toronto 11.463,022 .. 13 9
Winnipeg 5,259,73ft 7.7
Ottawa 1,818.400 2.7
Halifax 1,717,687 6.2
Quobee 1,243,901 20.8
Vancouver. B. C. 1,201.653 17.6 •..
Hamilton 837.608 21.8
London. Ont 646.302 « 1
St. John. N. B 900.613 15.1
Victoria, B. C... 658,502 26.7 ,.;.
ToUls. Canada. $42,417,615 3.1 .
tNot included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. - :^KIHM
*Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
Nexv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 26.— The cotton market
closed quiet at practically the best prices of
the day. Or 28 to 29 points higher. Sales were
estimated at 700.000 bales.
New York Grain and Produce..
NEW YORK, Feb. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts
27,677 barrels. Firm. .
WHEAT— Receipts. 16,600 bushels. Spot
quiet: No. 2 red. $1 09 elevator and $110%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard- Manitoba, nominal,
f.. o. b. . afloat. Wheat witnessed a .severe
break at the opening this morning, • lower ca
bles, better weather West and a flood of sell
ing orders being Influences. Later there was
a momentary rally, but this was of, short du
ration "Prices again turned .weak and closed
at a loss or 1ti@2c. May, $1 05^^107^, .
closed $107%; July. $1 01<gl 02 5-16, clo«ed
$1 01 V t ; September, «3%©95%c, closed 94c.
HOPS— Firm.
• HIDES— Firm. ■ . - > T •
WOOL— Firm. / -->V- ■ ). <
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. The market for coffee
futures closed unchanged to 10 points higher.
Sales. «5,OUO bags, including; March. Z>.5~<ip
O.CSc: May. 5.Sp<§5.00c; July, 6.0i*gti.20o; De
cember, 6.60@6.€5c.
SUGARr-Raw, firm: fair refining, 2%®>
2 15-lCc; centrifugal. W test, 3%@S 7-16c; mo
laesrs sugar, 2»<i@2 ll-16c. Refined, firm: No.
li. 4.10c; No. 7, 4.03c: No. 8, 4.00c; No. f»,
3.95c : .No. 10, 3.00c; No. 11. 3.85c: No. 12,
300c* No. 13, 3.75c; No. 14, 3.70c; confection
erg' A, 4.35c; mould A, 4.85c; cut loaf. 5.20c:
crushed. 3.20c; ■ powdered, ; 4.60c; granulated,
4.60c; cubes, 4.75c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, but holders are asking full for
mer prices. Common are quoted at 4@5c;
prime, G»4c; choice at 5%@Cc, and fancy at
6%©7c. . - ■ .- : •• - •
PRUNES— Are being steadily absorbed,
though takings are usually confined to small
lots. Prices range from 3%c to 6%c, accord-
Ing to grade. .
APRICOTS— Are . generally : firmly held,
though demand at the moment Is quiet. Choice
are . quoted at 0%@10c; extra choice, 10V4@
10%c; fancy.- 12615c
PEACHES — Are firm. Choice are quoted at
5 U® 7 Sic; extra choice, VftigSViC and fancy
at UQlCc.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 20. — Tin was rather Ir
regular abroad, spot advancing 2s 6d and
futures declining 2s Od, both positions ' clos
ing at £123 l«s. Locally tin was easy, closing
at $27 75(8-28 12%. ■ ' '
Copper closed unchanged at £57 7s Cd for
sjiot in London, but advanced 5s for futures,
which closed at £55 17b Cd. Locally copper
was quiet and unchanged. Lake, $12 50®12 75;
electrolytic and casting, $12 37%®12 62%.
; Lead was unchanged at $4 50<g4 CO locally
and at £11 15s in London..
Spelter advanced slightly In; the 'New York
market, closing at $o 05@5 10 and firm. *
The London market .also g ruled a little
firmer, spot advancing <2g Cd to £22
Iron 'Closed at- 51s 5d' In Glasgow' and at
42s 6d * In Mlddle3boro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry (Northern) Is quoted
at ?14 75®15 25; No. 2 foundry (Northern).
$14 25614 75; .No. 1 foundry (Southern) and
No. 1 foundry (Southern), soft) $13 25@13 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Jytitire Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 26. — Under the. influence of
large' Argentine shipments and. lower. Engll3h
cables extreme weakness .pervaded the .wheat
pit at the opening. . The market -appeared tb
be In an over-bought condition and, the bearish
advlce3 Xrom f orelsn. markets ■ served ! as ati
excuse for general profit-taking. Opening
prices were rather erratic. Initial sales of
May were made at $1 05@l 07; high. $1 07;
loiv $1 04%; close, $1 04%: a decltncof J ,4c
to 2Vic from last night's closing. For a time
the selling was fast and" furious. .When the
July delivery touched 95% c 'there were large
buying orders. The crowd 'took - the :fact as
a hint that the firmness of wheat was per
haps no more than a i flash In the pan. The
demand seemed to be as urgent as it had been
at any time during the present bull campaign.
A full recovery was made. May advancing to
$1 07 and July to !>8^ic. The market turned
weak again during the latter part of the day.
Open selling of both May and July by the
leading longs started prices on the downwaid
grade. Moderately bearish • reports of the con
dition of the winter wheat brought out some
selling, while Intimations ot an increased
movement of grain ndded to the depression.
The Felling became general and prices rapidly
declined. May dropped to $1 04% and July
Went back to !>fic. Covering by shorts caused
some recovery- but the clo?e was weak, with
May at $1 04*s, July closing at 96%c.
Lower cables caused weakness in corn at
the start, i May opened lie to %®%c lower
at 5<5>,£ffi57c. closing at 56?; c. July closed %c
lower at 5.">?sc.
The oats market was a sympathetic one.
May closing *.® l Kc lower at 45%c July closed
t£t; lower at 42Vfee.
Provisions were extremely nervous under
the leadership of May pork. There was heavy
selling by big houses early In the day, with
commission houses taking the offers. May
pork closed 27'^c lower: lard closed 714c lower
and ribs were off a shade.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
May heatNO :. 2 ri07 107 1 0«K 1 0B%
July (old) 0<ni 00 0«*i 97%
July (new) »7^ OSVi »» T /* . »•»%
Sept. (old) .... «2V4 P3U »1W> 91<H
Suit, (old) .... 01 021,4 90& 90%
Corn No. 2— ; ,
February *' • )3 ' 1
May r.7 . 57% M%
July ..• '65tJ . -5014 ■" 65 . 55%
Oats No. 2 — s
February .... .... 4» '/^
May 4n% 45T^ 44% 45%
July ..... 42 42% 41% 42V,
September 36% 37 36 ; 36Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
Mav in 15 16 67^16 10 16 30
July lft 20 16 75 18 20 10 4214
Lard, Per 100 lbs—
M*«y 8 95 8 20 7 05 8 05
July 8 15 , 8 35 8 15 8 22%
* Short Ribs, per ino lbs —
May 7 U7U, 8 15 7 07% 8 02%
July 8 07% 8 22% 8 07% 8 10
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 20. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour firm: No. 2 spring wheat.
0Se(@$l <*3; No. 3. 90c«?$l 06; No. 2 red. $1 03%
fffl OP: No. 2 corn. 53o: No. 2 yellow. 54c; No.
2 oats, 42^W43%c; No. 3 white, 44@46c: No.
2 rye. • 75fj 76c : good feeding barley, 41@43c;
fair to choice malting, 48@58c; No. 1 flaxseed,
?1 12: No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 18%; prime
timothy seed, $3 07%; me«s pork, p<*r bbl..
?10 2T.<516 50: lard, per 10O lbs, $7 82%^
?7 87%: phort ribs sides (loose). $7 7B<ff8;
short clear Fides (boxed). *7 87%@S; whisky.
Jjiipls of hleh wines, $1 27: clover, contract
crade. *11 25.
Artlcles^ — Receipts. Shipmts.
Flour, barrels 35,800 48,500
Wheat, bushels .: ".V.3S2.0O0 M4.000
Corn, buxhels .205.000 147.400
Oats, bushels .....181.300 110.600
Rye., bushels 7,ftno n,200
Barley, bushels 05,300 21,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Feb. 20.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market whs steady:
creameries, 14 ( !|2(V > : dairies, . 14^22c. Eggs
were steadier at 21@22c. Cheese was steady at
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3000; steady: pood to primp steers, $4 00(95 65;
poor to medium. S3 r>0@4 W>: stockers and
feeders, $2 50®4 20: cows. $1 73@4: heifers, $2
(*4 50: canners, $1 75^2 40: bulls, $2«4; calves,
$3 5Oi7«75: Texas-fed steers. *4®4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 33,000; to-morrow,
2r>,(KX>: steady to strong: mixed and butchers,
$5 Z'iS'S 65 : good 'to choice heavy, S5 6O®5 75;
rourh heavy, *5 S5fl>n 55; light, $4 90@5 40;
bulk of sales, $5 .'lOWSSS.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; sheep and lambs
steady; pood to choice wethers, $4 25@4 50: fair
to chlce mixed, *3 65^4 25; Western sheep,
$4 1555 25: native lambs, $4 50@5 85; Western
lambs, ?4 50@5 85.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. July.
Opening Nominal. 6 11% 6 11
Closing 1 Nominal. 6 10H 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— I^eb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 40 ■ 22" 80 '
Closing ;...... 22 40 22 70 '
Flour —
Opening ■ 30 60 30 95
Closing ••••'• 30 60 30 80
* St. Louis Wool Market. ■
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 26.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 15@17%c; light
fine, 15@17%c: heavy, fine, 12@H%e; tub
washed. 20@30%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
WM$; OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 26— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 7Sc; bluestem. 83c; valley. 82c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 26.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
Sic; dub. 70c. . : . •
Northern Business.?;- '
SEATTLE. Feb. 26.— Clearings. v $622,679;
balance*. $131,204. • . • :
TACOMA. Feb. 26.— Clearings, $340,441;: bal
ance*. $44,017.'
PORTLAND. Feb. 26. — Clearings, $429,892
balances, $44,741.
- SPOKANE, Feb. 26.— Clearings, $298,498;
balances, $51,159. ;
*LOCAL MABKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The China steamer tc sail to-day lut£ tbus
far a treasure list of $214,021 87, consisting of
S4si!i in Mexican dollars and $2230 in gbld coin
for Hongkong and $207,872 87 in silver bullion
for Shanghai. , ' -
The British stoamer Doric arrived Thursday
with 2.100,000 gold yen from Japan, consigned
to the following banks: International Bank
ing Corporation. S0O.00O: Anglo-Callfornlan
Bank; Ltd. SOO.OCO; Hongkong and Shanghai
Banking Corporation. 500,000.
■.All rates remain unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 s$S
New York Exchange, sight — 12^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47 H
Wheat and, Other Grains. ,,
V WHEAT— The foreign markets were tame
ana featureless, though generally firm. The
Chicago market was lower and wires from
there said that the markets were apparently
getting used to the political situation and that
there was less uneasiness as to what might
happen. • ■ • ■ -
The Minneapolis Market , Record says that
the ! receipts at Minneapolis and Duluth up to
-February- 1,' the amount ground by interior
mills and that held In country line elevators
make- an aggregate of some 122.000.000 bushels.
Farmers will, require 20.000.000 bushels for
see<l, making a total of 14£.0O0.0OO bushels al
ready gone from last year's crojj. From now
until next August the mills In the Northwest
will require aome 70,000,000 bushels to run
them at their usual capacity. Of this amount
there Is In Minneapolis. Duluth and interior
elevators only some 22.000.000 bushels, leaving
about 48,000,000 bushels necessary to come from
the' farm, to supply, that demand. - ■-
The Handelo Zeitung of Buenos Ayres states
that the loss to the Argentine crop by frosts
was' not over 150.000 tons and that the export
able surplus will probably reach 92.0OO.0OO
bushels, against 64,000,000 last year, 24,000,000
.in 1902 and 33.200,000 in^lOOl.
This market was firm as to cash grain, but
futures were considerably lower owing to the
decline at Chicago and the heavy rain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 42V4@1 47 Vj: California
White Australian. $1 52>/j@l 57%; Northern
Club.- $1 42V4@1 47%; Northern Bluestem.
$1 52%®1 67% per ctl. , . 4
• FUTURES.
'■', ' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. . .
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1'«% *1 47% $1 46% $1 47%
December ... 1 45% v l 45% 1 44 1 44%
. ' ,-■• "2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May.. $147 - $1 47%' $1 47 ■ $147%
• : BARLEY — A further decline In futures eased
off the cash grain and $1 HVi was the highest
price reported paid for Feed, with sales of
bright' No. 1 at $1 10. The heavy rain wa« a
depressing factor. . - - v.
Japan !•» still after .Barley in this market,
but Is not so eager for the goods that it will ,
pay.' any . price . asked and Is disposed to get a,
bargain If possible. But those who hold the
Barley are equally firm on their side and refuse
to make radical concessions, even to sell, and
the result Is more or less cabling, which, of
course, takes up time. The amount reported
wanted runs well up Into the thousands of
tons. Some COCO tonS were bought here for Jap
anese account a fortnight or so ago.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 08%@l HVi: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High; Low. Close.
Mav $100 $100 $100 $100
Dedember ... 1 04% 104% 103% 103%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 08 $1 08 $1 07% $1 07%'
December ...1 03% 103% 102% 103
OATS— The Japanese have bought 2000 tons
of Oats up north during the past few days.
The market continues steady at unchanged
quotations.
While $1 27%@1 37%: Black. $1 25@1 55;
Red $l'2S@l 32% for feed and $1 30@l 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — There Is no further change to report
In thl3 market. The feeling continues firm.
Western sacked, $1 37%©1 40 for Yellow,
$1 37%©1 40 for White and $1 35 for Mixed;
California large yellow, $1 37%@1 42%; small
round do, $1 30; White. $1 37%@1 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and $1 30 for
brown.
RYE— $1 30®l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The movement In these goods continues fair
at Fteady prices.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80(9
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®.');
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S>0®4 25
per bhl. •-- ■ •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7- Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats', bbls $7 25@8 CO; In sacks. $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay Is still weak owing to the rains and the
accumulated supplies mentioned yesterday, but
with clearer weather and tlje falling off in
receipts dealers expect a better market in a
few days. It will take some days under the
most favorable circumstances to clear out the
railroad yards, and until this is accomplished
the market will be soft. It is the general
opinion that the present easiness Is transitory-
There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN — $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50®29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $24@23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill. $20 50031;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal. $29 00@30 BO; Cracked Corn, $30@31;
Mixed Feed. S22@23; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15<B1S; Wheat and Oat. $15@
17 .10; Oat, $15017; Wild Oat. $14@ltt;
Barley. $13® 15: Slock, nominal — none here; Al
falfa. $12^13 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50075c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A further advance In Michigan has put
Beans up to $2 per bushel there. This has
imparted additional strength to this market,
which Is quoted very firm, with an upward
tendency all along the line. California can
now ship to any point from the Missouri River
westward at a profit, and the demand for this
account is brisk, with buyers eager and sellers
holding .off. Pinks arc quoted higher again
and are scarce, while small and large Whites
and Reds and Red Kidneys have also advanced.
BEANS— Bayos $2 35@2 B5; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 50; small White, $3@3 15; large White,
$2 00(^2 75; Pink. $3<S3 25: Red, $5; Lima.
$3 2r>®3 35: Red Kidneys. $5: Blackeye, $2 15®
2 23 D«r ctl: Horse Beans, S2<52 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $.* 75ft4; Yellow
Mustard. $3®3 20; Flax $1 »0@l 00; Canary,
6<Q5Vlc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@H%c; Rape,
lVi@2«; Timothy, 6@«%c; Hemp. 3V4@3%c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS^-Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Table Potatoes ruled firm at previous prices
and the light receipts were quickly disposed
of under a steady demand from jobbers. Re
tailers were holding off awaiting the arrival
of the ' Oregon steamer, which, however, did
not arrive, until late in the day. The steamer
brought down about 3000 sacks of Potatoes and
10CO sacks of Onions. New Potatoes were
offering freely and met with a sluggish demand
at weaker prices. Onions were firm, but In
active, pending the unloading of the supplies
brought by the Oregon steamer.
Arrivals of Peas and Beans from the south
were liberal, and as a large portion of the
offerings were overgrown and " otherwise in
poor condition prices ranged lower. The other
vegetables from- the same section stood about
as previously quoted. Receipts of Asparagus
and Rhubarb were 24 and 28 boxes respectively.
Prices of both were weaker. Mushrooms con
tinued dull and some large lines of old stock
had to. bo dumped.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. $1 10
0120 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 25*J1 50
per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks.
$1 15pl 25 per ctl: River Reds, $1 per
ctl: Garnet Chiles. 9Cc@$l 05 per ctl: Early
Rose SI I0@l 20 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $2 25
®2 40 per ctl:*new Potatoes, l%@3c per lb. .
■ ONIONS — Yellow, $2 60@2 65 per ctl for Or
egon and $3 for Nevadan; Green Onions. 65®
75c per box.
• VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 20@22%e per lb
for No. 1 and 12%@15c for No. 2; Rhubarb.
10c cer lb:: Green Peas, 4JJ7c per lb: String
Beans. 10©15c per lb; Wax, ; Tomatoes
from Los Angeles, $1 25® 1 75 per box or
crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles. $1®
1 50 per box; Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl: Carrots.
60<5 per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers. 50@75c per
dozen for small and $1@1 25 .for large; Garlic.
8(&6c per lb; Egg Plant.- 20030c- per lb: Dried
Peppers 5@8c per lb for Stockton and 10®12%c
for southern: Dried Okra. IO4U2%e per lb;
Green Peppers. 25«g30c per.lb; Mushrooms, 5@
15c per lb: Marrowfat "Squash, lgl^c per lb;
Hubbard,- %o per lb.
'.'■'. Poultry and Game.
All descriptions of live Poultry ruled firm,
as there was no Western stock on the market
and the receipts of domestic ■ continued light.
Dressed Turkeys were In good request and firm
owlrg to the scarcity of Chickens. About 20
cases. came in and met with prompt sale. -.---■
There , were no ■ changes tn Game. Most of
' the . offerings were : sour and .come had : to be
dumped. ; ■■■" ■ " •"•
: POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 20(g22c per lb;
live > Turkeys, 15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$202 25; Goslings,', — — ; Ducks. $5 60® 0 50
per dozen for old and $6 60@7 60 for young;
Hens. $6 60@7 50 for large and $5 5006 60 for
; small; young : Roosters, $6 50«i:7 50; old Roos
ters. *5 50©@6: Fryers." $6^6 50: Broilers, $5®
6 60 for large and $4 50® 5 for small: Pigeons,
i $1 25ffll-50, per d<izen for old and $2 25@2 50
1 for Squabs. -:■ -• • '•■■'-■■■ ' ■ •■ •■ >
1 GAME— Gray Gifse, {2 50@o per doz; White
Geese. 6Oc@$l; Brant. $1 for small and
$2 for large; English Snipe. $3; common Snipe.
$1 50; Rabbits. $t 50 for Cottontails and %IQ
1 25 for Brush; Hare, Iligl 25. v^'-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter was off a cent again yesterday, with
a very dull and' overstocked market. The best I
price for creamery at -first hands In lots of'
any size was 23c. but a number of houses
which had none were obliged to go out into the '
street and buy to supply their regular trade. ;
This created a second-hand market a cent or
two above first-hand quotations and confused ;
the situation. .The quotations below are for
unbroken packages at first hands as specified.
There is practically no market for Cheese.
Sellers take what. they can get and let it go at
that. The shelves are crowded with stock.
Eggs dropped about 2c yesterday. The re
ceipts during tho past few days have been
excessive, the rains have done much to stop
local business, and in consequence stocks have
accumulated until they are standing around on
the floors in large plies. How to work them
off is a question which Is puzzling the trade, j
Tho?e large retailers who receive Eggs direct |
from the ranches are doing their share toward ]
breaking the market by offering to retail these i
Eggs at wholesale rates, and the result may
be easily Imagined.
Receipt* were 3H.400 lbs Butter. 13C8 cases j
Eggs end 27.100 lbs Cheese. 1
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 23c j
for extras. 22c for firsts and 20®21c for sec- !
onds; dairy, lS<@22c; store Butter, nominal; ■
cold storage. 20#21c for extras, 18310c for
sec.inds and 16®18c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE^ — 9tJ10%c for good to choice new
and 8«j8%c for lower grades; Young Americas.
10®llc; Eastern. 15@16c; Western, 14®15c
per lb. !
EGGS-*-Ranch, 20@21c; store, 1S319C per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There waa a fair demand for the cheap
grades of Oranges among peddlers and small j
retailers during the early morning trade, but j
the market was dull the greater part of the
day owing to the stormy weather. The lead
ing retailers were indifferent buyers and were
taking no more than absolutely necessary to
meet immediate requirements, and were buy-
Ing only .large Navels at that. The auction
sale attracted very little attention, as there
was no fancy fruit offered. Three- cars of
choice and standard Navels were sold, choice
selling at SIM I 40 and standard at 40<g90c. ■
The other Citrus fruits were quiet and prices
were without quotable variance. | The Pan- |
ana cleaner brought up 175 cases of Mexican
Limes.
The best grades of Apples were still firmly '
held, but moved slowly, as dealers objected
to the high Drices. Common Apples were I
abundant and ruled weak with stocks accu- ,
mulatins ■
APPLES— $1 75@2 per box *or extra fancy;
$1 25@1 60 for ordinary fancy. 85c©$l for
choice and 50@75c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed). $2 5O@3 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25^2 50 ;
per bor for fancy, 75c«j$l 25 for choice and 50c !
®$1 for standards; Seedlings. 50c@$l: Tan- I
gerlnes. 50ci&?1 25 per box; Lemons. $1 7&§2 50
for fancy, 1 $1 25@1 60 for choice and 75cff$l for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 25®2 25; Mexican j
LilTies $<i®6 50: Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for j
Hawaiian and $1 50©2 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples, $1 60@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits.Nuts^aisins.Honey.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7%©10%« for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4*40
5%c; sun-dried. 3%@4V*c: Peaches. 5®7c;
Pears, 8@ll%c; Nectarines. 4Vi@5%c: Figs,
white. 3@4c In boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pit
ted 6®9c per pound.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades.
60-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels, 5V4c per
lb: 3-crown. 6%c: 4-crown. 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V»c: Seedless floated. 4%c: 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5* H c:
Seedless " Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless;
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20- j
lb box — 6-croWn Imperial clusters, $3; 5- crown j
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters, i
$2' 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown ]
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac- !
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz j
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb, 7 He; choice 12-oz I
cartons, per package. 6%c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb. 7%c; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. i:*%ei4c:
No. 2 11% ©12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@l3%c:
No. 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L, 10-"Vic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for LanKuedoc; Peanuts, 6^7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll«13c; CocoanuU, $4 50®5; Chest
nuts. 5<S"c per lb.
HONEY— Comb 10<gll%c for white and S%ft i
9%c for amber; water white extracted. 5@ j
5%c- light amber extracted, 3%'S4%c; dark.
6%c: light amber extracted. 4%®4%c; dark.
3%®4c.
BEESWAX— 27C29c per lb.
Provisions.
The Chicago market, as reported ,to Mitchell.
Mulcahy & Co. of this city, was higher and
very active, with the outside trade good, j
There was a great deal of liquidation, but It j
was off««-f by the outside buying. Receipts :
of Hrgs wt-re still large. !
It is not yet definitely decided to advance ;
t!:ls market in order to bring It up to the Chi- j
cago level but the majority of the trade
sei-m to favor it. A day or so will probably
settlt the nuestton. The feeling is firm, but
the movement la light.
The sailing of the "China steamer yesterday
was postponed until to-day in order that the
third installment of Mess Beef bought In this !
country by the Russian Government some time
ago might be unloaded from the steamer and I
held here. The first two shipments were seized j
by the Japanese at Nagasaki, and the Russian j
Government has no intention of letting, them
seize any more. '«' ; ..'
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 13%c for light,
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams 12tA@13c: Mess Beef. $1* 60®ll p«r bbl:
extra Mess. $11 BO012; Family. $12 50®13;
prime Me*s Pork, $13; extra clear. $24@25:
Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%(911c; Pig
Pork, $27; Pigs' Feet. ?5; Smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tlreces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 8%e for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. 10*ic. „„, ■ .
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %®le under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 9%c; medium. 8%c; light, Sc; Cow
HKles. Sc for heavy and 8c for light: Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip 9c ; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%c; dry Hides. 15®16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskin*, shearlings, 23@30c each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium, "OigOOc: long
Wool, $1<?1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for j
large and $202 50 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for !
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry. I
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1@1 25
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c ; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goraa,*75c; large and smooth, COc; medium, 35c;
small. 20c. •
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2, 3%c: grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaqutn Lambs*. 9®
lie: Middle County. ll©12c; Northern Defect
ive 9©10c: Nevada. 13*Q15c; Oregon, fine, 188
19c': Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 25©30c per lb for California, 1803.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
" { .\ Meat Market.
Ewes are quoted %c higher on the Inside j
quotation. Hogs are also quoted a fraction
up There are no more Fall Lambs offering.
Otherwise there is nothing new in the mar
k<t" DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers :
are^ as follows : ■ •
BEEF — 6%07%c for Steers and 6Q6%c per
lb for Cows. -
VEAL— Large. S®9c; small. 8Uigo%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 0®10c; Ewes, 9@9%c
P< LAMB— Spring. 15@16c. . ;l',v
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7S8%c per lb.
, • LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. less 30
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8©9c; Cow» and Heifers,
708c; thin Cows, 465c per lb.
CALVES — »®4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%S5c; Ewes. 4&©4%c
per lb (gross weight). ;.',-. ;.
LAMBS — 5@5%c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%©5%c:
over 200 lbs. 6%©5%c; soft. Hogs. 4%©4%c;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. ■ ' '.- /* •
General Merchandise. }<
BAGS — Grain Bags. x%®5%c spot and 5%c
June-July; San Quentln. S.55c; Wool Bags,
32335c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL. — Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle. $8 50: Bryant. $S SO; Bea
ver Hill, $8; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 504?
13 per ton , in bulk and $15 in' sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
I OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; -Castor OH. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers* AA, $1,1091 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
'and 42c for raw; China Nut, 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for, Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil.. 80c: natural winter sperm Oil. v 73c; extra
bleached winter Whals Oil, ftc; natural Whal*
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are becoming" more plentiful every day
and prices are lower, as will be seen. Butter
j Is unchanged, but wholesale prices are tending
; downward and housewives will soon be able to
i procure supplies at lower prices. • <•'
Meats and Fl*>h stand exactly the same as
| quoted last week. Poultry Is in rather alight
supply and high priee3 are being asked for all
j descriptions.
; Several minor changes will be noted In VfR
etables, but most descriptions are still dear.
Asparagus Is on the market and as usual at
, the opening of the season prices are rather
s»tiff. Rhubarb and new Potatoes are added to
; the list.
I Wellington .*— «1O CO New
Seattle $—& 8 50 Wellington $—<fJ10 00
! Roslyn $—§ 9 00! Wellington
' Richmond ...$ —0 ;» 50! Nut $ —® S 0O
| Greta $—© o 00' Coos Bay...$— @ 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC. —
Butter. choiee.sq.5C-fj53|Cheese, Swiss 250C3
Do good 40^43 !Ranch Eggs... 25<S27 %
Do packed, lb. —fi23 Common Eggs. —<i(22^t
■ Cheese. Cal I2%«20, Honey, comb lb. —©20
I Cheese. Eastern.2CS25. Do extracted.. S@1O
1 MEATS. PER POUND—
'> Bacon 15*@23'Pork Sausage.. 12 %«15
! Hams 16@13lSmcked Beef. ...— S>2»
Lard 12%® —J —
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective
Association gives the following retail price*
, for meats.
; Roast Beef 10^20 Hln.iqtr Lamb..l3«2O
■ Tenderloin Steak.lS®lS Foreqtr Mutton— ©12%
: Portrhse. do.l7%<er22%LLeg Mutton —#15
Sirloin Steak.. 12%81.V4Iatton Chops 15«320
' Round Steak...l(Kgl2%I Mutton Stew... S«*l0
Beef Stew —010 Roast Veal 12.320
Corn Beef 8t?l0. Veal Cutlets... .l.Vg20
Soup Bone* 4ft— | Veal Stew 12V-i'l5
Soup Meat 5@10i Roast Pork 12'-,'318
I-amb Chops —f?20 Pork Chops U@13
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%©13.
"POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@90: Pigeons, pair...— «30
Young Roosters. | Squaba per pair. —©60
each 75c®$l I Rabbits each 2C«i5
Old Roosters. ea.Mftj.O3 Hare, each —@2O
Fryers, each —075 j English Snipe dx.it CO
Broilers, each.. .r.frSC. Jack Snipe. doz.$2 50
Turkeys, per lb.23f«27,Gray Geese, each.40^30
Ducks, each 75cfr$l<; White Ge>se ea.13.fr25
Geese, each..—@$1 50, Brant each 20<J?40
Goslings $2 OOiHonkers, each...40-863
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea.2nie.t3 Dried Figs lb.. 6(^10
Almonds 15@20 Grape Fruit. d».75c«$l
Apples 50 8 Limes, dos IO-ijlS
Cranberries, qt..—@25 Lemons dox 13-330
Pecans —©20: Oranges, doz 2OSZ3O
Brazil Nut* 20® —; Pears, perlb.. —©12%
Bananas, doz 2o®40 Pineapples ea. ..2MJ3O
Chestnuts 15@20;Tangerines doz..l3<320
Cocoanuts. each.— @10; Walnuts, per lb.l3@20
VEGETABLES —
Asparagus, lb.. .20<?W; Onions, per lb. .393%
Artichokes. doz.60cS$l«Okra dried lb...20(SJ —
Beets, dozen 10<3— Potatoes. old.lM%92H
Beans, white, lb. Hfi> —| Do new lb...24'S3
Colored per lb 5<S —j Do sweet. lb..TH'®4
Dried Lima, lb.. —© 6 Parsnips per dz.l3«J20
Cabbage, each... C-SIO Radishes' <la beh.l.VSSO
Celery, head.... 5<@101 Rhubarb, lb —«1S
Cress, dx bunch.l."><f? —I Sajjc ,<1z bnch>s.2."M^—
Cucumbers, each.10f?15 string Beans Ib.l5fi23
Garlic W8V2V, Summer Squash.
Green Peppers.lb.3T»<iT50 per lb 10<912H
Dried Peppers... 1 Of j •_>« Sprouts perlb..59«
Egg Plant. Ib...2.wn3 Spinach, per lb. «® S
Green Peas. lb. 8®12H Thyme dz bnchs23^3r>
Lettuce, per doz.l3<R."iO Turnipa per doz. —4*t5
Leeks, dz bunch. l.'.'SSO, Tomatoes, lb —©15
Mushrooms, lb.. 8®20'
Barmcouta ..... —©l.V Rorlcco<J •..•••••—4713
Carp lCgiS'A'Sea Bass —«?15
Catfish —«tl2fV Smelts —<T13
Codfish —<fi 12ti Soles 10015
Flounders Wd—; Skates each 10*013
Halibut 13<O —' Pqiilil —*f—
Herring S310 Tomcod 12UfJ —
Mackerel —<i — Turbot 20<*» —
Do horse ttti — Trout —4} —■
Rockflsh —S1214; Brook Trout . —0—
Salmon, fresh.. .13*120. Whiteflsh in<a —
Do smoked 151523 Clams gallon... 60*3 —
Sardines -10<s5 —■ Do hardshell.lb SUlft
Shrimps —ft 10 Crawfish, lb — «15
'Shad 1CS* —! r>ah». each 1.-W23
Striped Bass 15^20: Mussels 1b 12U«t5
Perch ..., lCWJ —[OT»ters. Cal. 1OO.4O0T3O
Pomplno —<g$l 50' Do Eastern, dz ?.')V 10
* . +
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65e: light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c;
boiled Fish Oil 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL —Water White Coal Ol!, In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 21Hc; Astral. 21V^c;
Star. 21H<*: Extra Star. 2.%Hc: Elaine. 27&c;
Eocene. 24^ie: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 16c; In cases. 23%e; Benzine. In bulk.
13c: tn rases. lOVic: sB-degres Gasoline. In
buik. 25c; In cases. .11 c.
TURPENTINE —Is lower at 84c per gallon
in casea and 7Sc In drums ajid Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Rr Lead. «Vi*
7c per lb; White Lead, $Vi<Q~c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR—The Western Sugar Reflnlns Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c;
Powdered. 6.40c.-Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated. fln». 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.-10c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(10O-lb bags only), 5.10c: Confectioners* A.
5.30c; Magnolia A. 4.00c: Extra C, 4.80c: Golden
C, 4.70c: "D." 4.C0c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels 25c more; boxes. WK- more: 5O-Ib bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets—Half barrels.
5.80c; boxes. 6.05c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
8.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventv-flve barrels or its eq,uhralent.
CANNED SALMON —The London Grocers*
Gazette of February 6 says of the Liverpool
salmon m»rket: "The warehousing company* a
returns for Liverpool show that there has
been an Increase In the output of salmon In
L'veirool during January, as compared with
Ui* same month List year, of quite 20 per cent,
and thi- In spite of the considerable difference
In prices this year compared with last. The
shortage tn this year's pack of best salmon
is beginning to be appreciated among buyers,
and there Is considerably more Inquiry. Price*
in most Instances have been again advanced.
Receipts of Produce.
f FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 28.
Flour, qr sks .. 550 Mustard seed, sk 3C0
Wheat, ctls .... 4.780 Tallow, ctls .. 203
Barley ctls .... 4.510 1 Pelts. No. .... 2.878
Oats ctls ..... 450 Hides, No. .... 48«
Corn", ctls 7 Quicksilver, flks «O
Beans sks 1,5^1'Leather, rclls.. 229
Potatoes, sks .. 1,830 Wine, rals •••• 80,600
Onions ska ... *08 Sugar, ctls .... 330
Middlings «ka.. 300 Paper, reams „ 250
Hay tons .... 160,Brandy, gals .. 1,230
Straw, tons ... 15 Lime, bbls ...., »»*
Wool bales ... Ill — ■•
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ...«. 600)
NEVADA.
Onions.. aks.... 2S8| * .<* .\
STOCK MARKET.
Not Much Business on the Local
Exchanges.
Local stocks and bonds continued quiet, with
very little variation. Makaweli Sugar sold
at ?20.
The Imperial Oil Company haa declared a
regular monthly dividend of ■ 20c per share,
amounting to f20,uuo, payable March 7.
Thirty-three Oil Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 10c per share,
amounting to $10,000, payabte March 7.
The Calumet and Hecla Mining Company of
Michigan has declared a quarterly dividend of
$10 per share, amounting to $1,000,000, paya
ble March 22. The rate la the same as that
paid three months ago. A year ago the di
rectors declared 50, and followed St with thres
dividends of .*K> each, making the total dis
bursements in 1903 $35 per share. The pres
ent dividend brings the total disbursements to
stockbondera up to |S4,33O.0O0.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders
of the California Cotton Mills the following di
rectors and officers were re-elected: Georg»
L. Center, president; Marlon Leventrltt an>i
Fred H. Beaver, vice presidents: E. \V. New
hall. John A. Hocper. M. R. Hlgglns and Vic
tor Metcalf. J. Y. Miller was re-elected secre
tary and William Rutherford, superintendent.
Duriac the past year the company paid six
dividends of ?1 each, aggregating $72,000.
At the annual meeting of the Honolulu Plan
tation Company the following directors were
re-elected: John A. Buck. N. Ohlandt. Wil
liam G. Irwln. John L. Koster. M. Ebrman,
Samuel Sussman and William Matson. The
board of directors re-elected the following of
ficers: John A. Buck, president; N. Ohlandr.
vice president: Samuel Sussman, treasurer; H.
"W. Thomas, secretary.
Illinois Crude OH paid on February 23 a div
idend of l'ie per share. In its annual state
ment the sale of oil since the organization of
th# company was put down at $50,220 73. Thu
capital stock amounted to .«::r,.n.x;t fa. The com
pany has built a pipe line to the railroad at
a cost of IJ4764 83, and has contracts for flv«
years with the Pacific Refining Company and
one with the Pacific Coast Oil Company for
COO.OOO barrels of oil at 20c per barrel. IOO.000
1 having been delivered upon the latter. It 13
expected that a new contract will be made on
the same terms on the expiration of the pres
ent one.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHAXGH
FRIDAY, Feb. 26—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
4s' qr" coup.. 107 "4108 ' Us qr cp Bewl.12Xil.TJ
4s qr reg.-.106Vil07 13s qr coup. -106^107U
Continued ou Fuse Fourteen.16
ADVEBTISEMENT3>
JLiiSJlC 4**Ji
in original Eton make-
up. A new, 'very at- 1
tractive styleas shown, 'fl^^^^^
They are a decided W£
novelty and will pleass
the little fellow as well
as mama. All colors $M$ HPI
and cloths at all prices. US %gj
For chaps from 2>< to Wl , . S
Open to-night till ten. &gp^^^
SPECIAL FOR TO-DAY— Thrcc-pfecc suit (cent, vest rfi pi
end trousers) blue and bbek worsted cheviots. All ffek fJlJ
vooL Ages 8 lo 16 years ' ..... h|# iJ o\# \#
i * 1 1 L* L* \ V-/ 111 t\ li«
516-518 MARKET SXno^NEBv
MAYOR RETURNS
THREE VETOES
Disapproves Ordinances Ex
tending Limits for Blast
ing and Sock Crushing
Mayor Schmitz yesterday returned
•without his approval to the Board of
Supervisors three ordinances extending
the limits within which it is prohibited
to carry on blasting and rock-crushing
rperations, and providing that a permit
must first be granted to crush rock out
tide the present prohibited limits and
requiring a bond for the payment of
resultant damages.
The proposed extension of the limits
Mas designed to prevent Gray Brothers
from carrying on operations on Thir
tieth and Castro streets, but if the
Mayor's veto is sustained by the board
the firm •will be enabled to blast and
<-rush rock at the locality named de
spite the protests of the surrounding
icsidents.
In his vetoes the Mayor states that
his principal reasons for returning the
ordinances without his approval were
that their enactment would cripple
building operations and cause added
expense to contractors, builders and
property owners in matters of build
ing and street paving; would drive
the rock crushing industry into ad
joining counties and thus throw a
considerable number of San Francisco
citizens outfcof employment, besides
adding greagpto the cost of the ma
terial obtained from the rock quar
ries.
The ordinances, he states, are aim
ed avowedly and directly at the work
of Gray Bros, on Thirtieth street, be
tween Castro and Diamond, and if
passed would destroy the business
that firm has established at consider
able expense. Gray Bros, have al
ready been driven from Twenty-sixth
and Douglass streets' by ordinance and
resolution making It unlawful to op
erate their plant inside of Thirtieth
Ftreet On the faith of the newly es
tablished limits they established their
plant outside of the prescribed dis
trict and, unless absolute public in
jury is shown, it would be serious in
justice, to compel them to undergo a
second loss at this time. Then the
Jlaj'or says:
1 believe that Gray Bros, should be given
a chance to show whether th«y can operate,
«fi they claim, without Injury to or deprecia
tion of neighboring property, and as, they are
■willing to take the risk of loss in case they
do not Uv£ up to their promises, and as in
the meantime no one will eustaln Injury that
cannot at -once be remedied. I deem it fair
to them and unjust to nobody to -veto such
ordinance. .. _. u
Mary Mother* ■ administer ' Piso's ■ Cure when
their children have Spasmodic Croup. 25e. •
Will Observe Silver Wedding.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Heinfels will cele
brate on March 6 their silver wedding
anniversary at their residence, 1427
Hayes street. Invitations have been
issued to all their relatives and friends
and a pleasant evening will be spent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"""■iTr^** ' COPYRIGHT'
We Challenge the World
To handle fine linen more carefully than
we do or eecure better results in Its
cleansing.
Particular tastes appreciate our efforts
In this direction and that's why we're
handling the lion's shar« of this work.
We're not too busy to handle yours,
though, and 'twill require but ai postal
or a telephone call from you to secure
satisfactory laundering of your linen.
Xo saw edges.
UNITE! ' STATES LAUNDRY.
orricr 1004 mabket street.
Near Powell.
Phone South 420-
HARBOR BOARD
ACTS UNJUSTLY
Judge Seawell Says Commis
sioners Misuse Power in
Giving Privilege to Kooney
The action of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners in awarding to
John F. Rooney, brother-in-law of
Charles Spear, president of the com
mission, the privilege of conducting
the news stand in the ferry building,
notwithstanding that the firm of Fos
ter & Orear, who for ten years have
enjoyed the privilege, offered a high
er sum, was an unjust one and an
abuse of its power in the opinion of
Judge Seawell. He has therefore is
sued an injunction restraining Rooney
from taking possession of the prem
ises and preventing the board from
awarding the privilege to him. The
opinion was rendered on a demurrer
filed by the board to Foster & Orear's
petition for an injunction. The de
murrer was overruled.
By overruling the demurrer Judge
Seawell practically ends the case, so
far as the present action is concerned,
though the board has ten days to an
swer the suit Concerning the power
of the board to award the privilege
Judge Seawell says:
The power to srant the prl\'ilege In question
is by law vested exclusively in the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners. There Is no provision
of law requiring the board in granting such a
pn\ liege to advertise for bids or to award it to
the highest bidder. The exercise of such
power is entirely within the discretion of that
body. That discretion, however. Is what is
known as a sound and legal discretion, which
excludes arbitrary, capricious and corrupt ac
tion and such as prompted by Improper mo
tives. It doee not imply unlimited license to
an officer charged with Its exercise to do as
he pleases. He is elmply an agent of the law
and for a lawful purpose, and is required to
exercise his discretion fairly, reasonably and
honestly, and not for his own purpose, regard
less of the interests of the public.
Assuming, as. I must for the purposes of this
motion, that the allegations of the complaint
are true, it is Impossible to reach any other
conclusion than that the purpose of the ma
jority of the Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners in awarding to John F. Kooney the
privilege in question was. to favor a particular
person ar.J not to serve the interests of the
public, that the board has therefore failed to
cxercire the sound and legal discretion which
the law requires, and that in the interest of
the public It Is the duty of the court to re
strain the threatened action of the board.
It 1s claimed en the part of the defendants
that the board has already acted by awarding
the privilege to Rooney and that an Injunction
cannot therefore issue. The complaint alleges,
however, that Rooney has made no bid what
ever and has : not In any manner obligated
himself to accept the award or pay the rental
fixed by tbe board. I" the allegations of the
complaint are true, he has as jet acquired no
right to the privilege awarded him.
COMPLAIN OF FUMES AT
WORKS OF GAS CO3IPAXY
Potrero Residents Inform the "Health
Board That Poisonous Acids
Make Them Sick.
A number of"*Potrero residents filed
a petition with the Health Board yes
terday requesting that action be taken
to eliminate the fumes and poisonous
acids from the gas company's works at
Twenty-third and Kentucky streets.
The petitioners say that the fumes
have taken the paint off the houses
and are making the people sick.
, District Health Officer Dillon Inspect
ed the premises complained of and re
ports that he found the complaint well
founded.
Valuable Book Free.
If any reader of this paper will send"*'. 2»
cent stamp. to Day for postage to the N. K.
Falrbank Company, department 260, Chicago,
III., ho will receive by return mall, free of all
charge, a copy of "Home Helps,? a valuable
book edited by Mrs. -Sarah Tyson Rorer, the
famous authority on cooking, and which con
tains 300 choice recipes originated by the most
noted cooks in the land. Tills book Is of ex
treme value to any housewife, as it contain*
suggestions for the making of many delicious
new dishes, as well as telling how to make the
old ones in a new and bstter way. ..
Burns Is Brought ' Back.
Policeman Skelly returned from
Colorado "Springs, Colo., yesterday
morning with John Burns, who for
feited his bail of $1000. cash .by
failing to appear for trial "in
Judge Dunne's court on a charge
of robbery. Burns and Joseph
Reed held up. Michael. Swetz, a
night watchman, on Bryant street
July 4 and took 90 cents and a revol
ver from him. They were arrested by
Skelly and Reed was convicted and
sentenced # to serve seven years in San
Quentin.
Do you wear glasses .' Properly fitting
glasses ■ and Murine ■ Cye Remedy pro
mote-Eye comfort. Murine makes weak
eyes strong. Cures sore eyes. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 190i
H.-MAXIM IS A LITTLE GUN,
BUT HAS VARIABLE RECORD
Commandeers a Turkey Longer Than Himself and Carries
the Weight Until Overtaken — Washington's, Birthday
Causes Reckless Agnes McCue to Become Cannibal
H. Maxim Is diminutive, but soaked
to the rail with the spirit of un
righteousness. Three terms has he done
In San Quentin for grand larceny.
Thursday night he was walking along
Washington street and spied a large
and juicy turkey hanging gracefully
from a hook in front of /the poultry
store of G. Branchi, at 533 Washington
street.
Maxim copped the "bold" and did a
hundred-yard sprint with It under
eleven seconds. Fleet-footed Policeman
Pat McGee overtook him • in the last
three yards and broke the tape first.
Then he took Maxim to the City Prison
and also arrested the turkey. The
prison officials measured Maxim and
then tried the Bertillon system on the
turkey. Maxim measured seven inches
less than the stolen turkey, but weighed
three pounds more. The turkey could
not be identified as having done time
before, but the story of Maxim's life
was written largely in the records of
the identification bureau.
Judge Conlan sentenced the little fel
low yesterday to a five-month sojourn
in the County Jail. The corpus delicti in
the shape of a huge bird, that would
feed a hotel In time of need, hung
gracefully over Clerk Jack Rice's desk
and he tried to cram it into a drawer,
but the property clerk beat him to it
and returned the turkey to its rightful
owner.
' Agnes McCue celebrated Wash
ington's birthday. . When she woke up
Tuesday morning she had a holdover.
More booze and a tangled trail carried
her over until Thursday night, when
she made her appearance on the Bar
bary Coast.
About' midnight she became repent
ant and started for home on board a
yellow car that was guaranteed to
carry her out to her lodging, in the Mis
sion. When James Donahue, the con
ductor, tried to collect her fare she de
veloped a refined taste for his ear and
tried to bite off that useful member.
The motorman came to his rescue, but
all ears looked alike to Agnes. She
wanted the motorman's .ear, and suc
ceeded in biting off a corner of it before
Policeman McPhee arrived on the
scene.
Then the policeman's ear looked good
to her and she made a desperate at
tempt to secure the aural app^idage of
the officer of the law. When she ar
rived at the City Prison Sergeant Me
lody and his staff were attired in ear
muffs for self-protection.
Miss McCue was sentenced to three
months in the County Jail by Judge
Cabaniss for disturbing the peace. The
charge of cannibalism was not pressed
against her.
Charles Liebsher will not get his
presents back. That was the judgment
rendered by Judge Conlan yesterday.
Formerly Liebsher had been married,
and he gave the icefloe to his wife in
favor of Miss Elizabeth Painter, who
does not paint. In addition he gave
her sundry presents of satsumaware, sil
ver and a mahogany cabinet In which
to hold these precious goods.
Besides there were 45-cent neckties,
silk mufflers somewhat used, muslin
FLETCHER APPEARS IN
COURT AND "PAYS FIXE
Last Scene Is Enacted in the Unsuc
cessful Attack on the Constitution
ality of Cemetery Ordinance.
The final scene in the attack made
upon the constitutionality of the ordi
nance prohibiting the interment of
bodies in any cemetery within the
confines of this city and county was
enacted" yesterday when George R.
Fletcher, ex-superintendent of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, came into Po
lice Judge Cabaniss' court and paid
the fine of $100 imposed upon him
for violating the ordinance.
Fletcher was arrested August 31,
1901, convicted a few days later and
fined $100. He appealed to the Su
perior Court September 23, but was
unsuccessful, and April 22, 1902, the
remittitur affirming the judgment of
the lower court was received. Fletcher
surrendered himself into custody and
was taken before the Supreme Court
on a writ of habeas corpus. The writ
■was dismissed and the prisoner re
ir.anded into the custody of the
Sheriff.
A Remarkable Issue.
Nearly every paper of any note In the State
of California has taken up the fight for the
poor flower sellers who have made San Fran
cisco beautiful, but It has remained lor the
News Letter of thie week to give' the real
reason why they were clubbed away from the
Chronicle corner. Incidentally this fearless
paper puts in a strong plea for the establish
ment of the free flower markets.
Governor Pardee is asked some very pertinent
questions regarding the Harbor Commission
and its strange doings. Park Commissioner
Lloyd comes In for a share of blame for the
issuance of an order that all men over forty
years of age be discharged. Hearst Is flayed
because of his unique comparison of himself
with Lincoln and many other great men.
Of especial interest Is the Foreign Affairs
article, and at this particular juncture any
thing like an unbiased view of the Russo-
Japanese war should be of value to all readers.
The departments are bright and readable,
and as usual the theatrical criticism Is caustic
and truthful. Fitzgerald Murphy, the drama
tirer of Wagner's immortal play, has written
an article for the News Letter which will give
the public a far clearer Idea of the great mu
sical cempaser's motifs than anything hereto
fore written.
The Insurance and financial columns have
the usual reliable quota of news and com
ments, and the News Letter, as the recognized
mouthpiece of automobiling enthusiasts, has a
department devoted to this, great and useful
sport that is not equaled by any newspaper In
the Wept.
Junlus, In one of his interesting letters calcu
lated to make politicians squirm, tells us all
about the available legislative timber. Buy a
News Letter; there Is sure to be something in
it that will repay the investment. •
Salvation Army Protests.
The Salvation Army, by George
Wood, general secretary, filed a protest
with the Board of Supervisors yester
day against the ordinance recommend
ed by Chief of Police Wittman prohib
iting public meetings on certain streets
In the center of the city. Wood says
in his protest that "to restrict in this
city what is allowed in New York,
Chicago, Philadelphia and other East
ern cities would be a retrograde move
ment and one to be regretted in; the
future," and signs himtelf <'yours for
the unchurched."
$100, Rupture Cure for. 510 by Hunter, 1200
Market ; st. Send for circular. ■ v •
sheets and quilts stuffed with the cot
ton that Is grown north of Syracuse,
N. Y. Mostly they were valuable as
specimens.. Miss Painter .was willing
t orelinquish all claims to these latter
goods, but she wanted to keep the sil
verware and the satsuma, with the
mahogany cabinet. The rut In her mat
rimonal aspirations certainly deserved
this surcease, and the Judge thought
she was^ right. A wound in the heart
is seldom cured so easily. .
Wade W. Copenhaven, the Washing
ton State farmer who sold his ranch in
order to become a histrionic light at the
behest of a man named Stanton, is tell
ing- his story of a separation from $1500
to Judge Cabaniss. The defendant is
Ben Michaels, who . may or may not
have been implicated in the divorce
proceeding between Copenhaven and
his hefty roll. Both agree that Stanton
got the mazuma, and Michaels claims
that he contributed $1500 to the same
account. »
Michaels was formerly on /rial be
fore Judge Fritz, who held him to the
Superior Court in bonds of $2000. Judge
Cook dismissed him on a writ of habeas
corpus and he was immediately rear
rested on the same old charge. Further
hearing of the case went over, until
Wednesday. -J .
H..E. Ellis is a bold, bad burgmr, in
the opinion of Charles Everston^-who
has a barn on East street. The defend
ant was before Judge Conlan yesterday
on a charge of burglary, because he
found the door of the barn open and
tumbled into a pile of hay therein. He
didn't steal anything except the slum
ber .and evidently hia intentions were
honest. The Judge was inclined to dis
miss the defendant, but continued his
case until to-day for further Investi
gation.
Mrs. Sarah Rogers, more familiarly
known to the public as the widow of
"Duxie" Rosenbaum, who killed him
self in a public bath some years ago,
was dismissed on a charge of suborna
tion of perjury by Judge Conlan yes
terday. Miss Marie Faulkner made a
charge that Mrs. Rogers had attempted
to bribe her to testify that William and
George Marshall deliberately assaulted
Mrs. Rogers in front of her home, at
Laguna street and Pacific avenue.
Patrick Collins fell to the black bot
tle while acting as a nurse at Lane's
Hospital. Thursday night he keyed
himself up to a stage where he threw a
pneumonia patient out Into the cold
rain, tried to break over again the leg
of a man who had been properly run
over by a beer wagon and finally went
to the crockery in the kitchen in his
destructive efforts.
A police whistle summoned help be
fore Collins succeeded in throwing the
roof of the hospital into the bay. Yes
terday before Judge Fritz he bared his
brawny arms to show tattoo marks in
flicted on him by natives of eight isl
ands in'the Southern Seas and insignia
from Japan and Formosa. Judge Fritz
let him go with a sentence of twenty
four hours on condition that he would
take the next outward bound wind
jammer, which he promised to do.
DETECTIVES FIND CHASE'S
VALUABLES IX HIS ROOM
Guest at Occidental Claims He Was
Robbed, but Soon Realizes His
Fears Are Groundless.
John D.' Chase, a recent arrival from
Manila, where he holds an important
position in "the Government service,
created considerable excitement at the
Occidental Hotel yesterday morning
when he publicly declared that he
had been robbed and intimated strong
ly that the- -bellboy was the guilty per
son.
i Chase reached this city several days
ago and has been staying at the Occi
dental. Thursday evening he decided
to see some of the sights of the city
and engaged a bellboy to serve him
as guide and companion on his
rounds. He and the boy parted at an
early hour yesterday morning, Chase
returning to his room at the hotel.
Later in the day he reported fo the
hotel management that his wallet,
containing. $700 and letters of credit
for twice that amount, was missing,
and after telling of his previous
night's experience he suggested that
the only solution of the mysterious
disappearance of his valuables might
be obtained In the arrest of the bell
boy. :
The management of the Occidental
finally called in detectives, who list
ened to Chase's story . and then pa
tiently awaited the arrival of the bell
boy,-who, unfortunately, had over
slept himself in the morning and was
late in reporting at the hotel. When
taken in charge by the detectives the
boy told in a straightforward manner
his experiences with Chase the night
before, and then the detectives ad
journed to the Manila man's room,
where a search brought to light his
money and notes intact in his wallet
lying on a bureau, where he had left
them the night before.
' The detectives scored Chase for his
carelessness and hasty charges against
the bellboy and the latter got a
"roast" from the hotel manager for
being late and finally an apology from
Chase. for the unjust accusation that
had. been made against him. The in
cident then closed.
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thins to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.50. A. B. Smith Co., 132
Ellis st
Will Deliver Scries of Sermons.
During the Sundays of Lent Father
Clarence .Woodman will preach a spe
cial series of sermons. on the subject,
"The . Soul's Inner Life," at the : 11
o'clock mass in old St. Mary's Church,
corner of Dupont and California
streets. The subject of to-morrow's
sermon will be ''Its Nourishment." "
Fine Leather . Goods.
Wrist bags. \ chatelaines, pocketbooks. :
card - cases, - letter - cases and blllbooks'.-
Best goods at lowest prices, and lettered
in gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market st. ■
PROBES FRAUDS
AT ALMSHOUSE
Grand Jury Committee Be
gins Its Investigation
of Alleged Irregularities
POLICE COURTS NEXT
Members Want to Know
Why So* Few Convictions
Follow the Many Arrests
Like other great bodies the Grand
Jury of the^ city and county of San
Francisco moves slowly. It promises,
however, some thorough work before
the close of its seven months' term.
Yesterday's meeting was destitute- of
expected sensations. The members did
not get together in numbers sufficient
to make a quorum until nearly 4
o'clock and at 5:15 they adjourned to
meet again next Friday.
The most important matter before
the jury was the report of its Health
Department committee, which has been
investigating the alleged frauds at the
County Almshouse. Dr. Ira B. Dalzlel,
chairman of the committee, reported
that it had begun its investigation by
a visit to the Almshouse earlier in the
afternoon. The accounts had been ex
amined on the question of the short
age of $386, charged by the present su
perintendent, Frank Schmitz, against
his predecessor, "William J. Kelley.
Then the committee had measured
the barrels In which syrup and pork
has been furnished by the contractors.
These were found .tobe short, the syrup
barrels containing only thirty-two gal
lons, whereas the contractors charged
for fifty-nine and a half gallons. The
blankets said to be short in weight
were weighed and out of two dozen
lately furnished as standard five-pound
blankets only five were found that
reached that weight. The others
varied from three and a quarter to four
and a quarter pounds. Regarding the
beef furnished to the Almshouse the
committee learned from a number of
the inmates that since the publication
of the charges there had been a great
change in the quality of meat supplied
them.
The Inmates said, and beef shown
the committee by Superintendent
Schmitz confirmed their statement, that
the meat they are now getting is of
excellent quality, but they declared
MAEKS BROS.
SALE OF INDIA SILK WAISTS
$3.75 India Silk Waist a» pictured is
priced for to-day at $2.oO. Front prettily
trimmed in hemstitched tucks. Made with
the new 1904 sleeves.
We carry almost any style you wish in
INDIA SILK WAISTS, atid all you pay is
S2.05 for INDIA SILK WAISTS.
; Sold elsewhere for $4.00
S.t..">O for INDIA SILK WAISTS.
Sold elsewhere for $4.50
$3.O5 for INDIA SILK WAISTS.
Sold elsewhere for $5.00
9I.5O for INDIA SILK WAISTS.
Sold elsewhere for $5.73
84.95 for INDIA SILK WAISTS.
Sold elsewhere for $6.00
LACES!
A look at our Lace Department makes
you want to try their effect on your pret-
tiest Sprlnsr Costumes.
We're -introducing Women's Spring
Skirts. Think of getting a $2.75 Skirt
for 91.05.
=|lif|ij3t\ This
f ttflf? Skirt as
• ■ i 4^£Q 4^ pictured
sells
■y- =*4^ 4^ to-day
■is f-j: *-;]■■;* iff- for
$4.75 Spring Skirts. Special to-day.. S3.00
$3.50 Spring Skirts. Special to-day. .84.50
$0.00 Spring Skirts. Special to-day. .S5.OO
$6.75 Spring Skirts. Special to-day. .$5.5O
Saturday HOSIERY SPECIALS
At WOMEN'S 'LACE HOSE.
•§"7 Shell pattern. Our regular
i/C 25c quality..
Ai WOMEN'S BLACK RIBBED
1O 1 r TOP HOSE. An excellent
I d£2v 20c quality. ,
I WOMEN'S FANCY COLORED
At HOSE. Large, variety of
0 t\ to selsct from. Sold
£O C formerly for 50c and J 5c.
At CHILDREN'S BICYCLE RIB-
1 #T BED HOSE. Double heel, toe
IOC and knee. Worth 25 c.
1 BIG SPECIAL IN RIBBONS
; : At TAFFETA WASH . RIBBON.
£} 1 2 y£ inches w.de. A good
O 4C 15c qt/aity.
MAMS BROS.
"Honest Values "
1220-22^24 MARKET ST.
HAJjE'S. >>|-^ ICA-viE'S.
ffo-Q^wsof SILK QLQSflBS
Pongees at 75c. ;-i.i-.""v: .
Plenty of blacks, whites, grays, tans and. modes at 50c; others at 75c
and $1.00.
No wonder women love silk gloves. No wonder they are coming to
Hale's for them. Here's as complete a variety as it's possible to find — the
best kind (double-tipped Amsterdam), fixed up in every pretty way fashioa •
has thought of this spring.
The prices show Hale's way as clearly as any prices can.
Women's :
60c and 75c ones, have two clasps, with fancy embroidered backs.
$1.00 for a three-clasp glove, stitched Paris Point backs.
A Tew lisle mesh gloves, 50c. two-clasp.
Red silk gloves, two-clasp. 50c and 75c.
Elbow glover are 5Qc and 75c.
The pongee silk gloves are faced with velvet or red silk — now dressy. 75c
Misses' :
50c and 73c ones have two clasps with fanay embroidered backs; modes,
tans, grays and whites. ." -'.
Ribbons sa ( mr flff , to , 1 ====== box o? f >£«
Most Wanted S£ftSii£fq Toilet Helps %#£$£■
*/ t ' m • » one most women .— „— — _ — — —— . — ». fwViar ,, nh i.i.
(Least expensive). will want to . da "— ' Other . notable
a *l, tin, values to-day:
,. , t and trie One tney Colgate's tooth powder, glass bottles wit*
would least expect to find as cheap sprinkler to P «. isc.
as this Henry Tetlow'a Gossamer : Complexion
Powder. 15c; samples of whSch we will
15c yard, Xo. 40 — z% inches. whatiTi s ! o ' day ' In order to show yott
2OC vard Nn 9s\^A fnrr>#»c ° 1Ive ol1 c* stlIe soap, lars* bars. 22c.
y<xTil, 1NO. CO 4 incneS. Headache powders for quick relief. 12e.
2CC vard Nr» t<v> ii^ Jnrh#»c Sllk fl nlshed magnesium carbonate, an «-
~,0 c vara > IOO 424 incneS. cellent toilet article for tender flesh.
Every good shade. § cake -
If it's a fancy ribbon there is no To-Day for the new
greater favorite than these new T ' a h ♦
polka dot ones with white dots on * rimmed liaiS.
colored grounds and a silk cord edge The millinery salon offers its first
to match N the dot. 29c yard. We saw welcome to you to-day. Many of the
it yesterday in another store at 42c. mod £ Is a u re in ', b . Ut thefC *,? ♦v* n £
J nnmber here that you would think
were models^ — fixed up with all the
9 exclusive touches. Ones and twos
/M^w^^/w^^^^<^Z °^ a H' nc^ They were trimmed by
-*=^.«rt — ""whrw. t- ..... * ~~^^^ shown to-day for the first time. $3.50,
—'—'■»— — -*^ $4.7 3 and $j. 3 o.
with great emphasis that up to a week
or two a*ro the meat set/ before them
was of a very different quality.
After spending an hour or more In
this preliminary inquiry the committee
had hurried away to the meeting of
the Grand Jury, promising to reutrn
again in a few days and resume the
investigation.
TO INVESTIGATE COURTS.
One of the matters the Grand Jury
purposes overhauling with great thor
oughness is the frequent miscarriage
of justice in the Police Courts. That
there is abundant room for an Inquiry
fn this direction is well known and
the jury infends to go to the bottom
of the abuses that have long made the
procedure in these courts a farce. The
jury wants, to find out why so small
a proportion of the arrests by the po
lice is followed by convictions in the
courts.
The jurors are in possession of infor
mation which convinces them that in
the main the police are doing their duty
in the matter of arrests, but that their
efforts to preserve order on the Barbary
Coast and in other troublesome dis
tricts are nullified by the refusal of the
Police Judges to hold the offenders, or
their practice of discharging them with
trivial fines. Thus persons arrested on
indisputable evidence of conducting
lotteries have been released on the pay
ment of a $5 fine, which is far less cost
ly to them 'than a stated license fee
would be.
The jury regards this condition of the
courts as utterly subversive of Justice,
because it discourages faithful officers
to discover that men whom they arrest
are able through the exercise of po
litical pull or the employment ol fa
vored attorneys to escape punishment.
If the Grand Jury can give the Police
Courts a real shaking up that will re
sult in a reform it will deserve and
have the support of all except the crim
inal element of the city.
INDORSES FLOWER MARKET
The Grand Jury discussed at some
length the action of the Board of'Pub
lic Works in removing the flower ven
ders at the corner of Market and
Kearny streets. After a general expres
sion of opinion a resolution was adopt
ed favoring the ordinance presented to
the Board of Supervisors by the Mer
chants' Association providing for the
establishment of a number of regular
flower markets at prominent points In
the city. Foreman Max L. Rosenfeld
said after the adjournment that the
sentiment of the members was unan
imously in favor of the open-air flower
marts, as they deemed them the best
I possible advertisement of the floral re-
I sources ai the State, as well as an at-
I tractive feature in the decoration of
San Francisco's streets.
The Grand Jury also purposes taking
■ up the Sproat case at an early date,
{ giving it a careful Investigation. This
j is demanded by many members of the
j business community.
DRIVER LOSES CONTROL
OF A ! FOUR-HORSE TEAM
Dashes Down the Steep Grade on Ber
nard Street With Fatal Result
to Valuable Animal.
David Rellly, a teamster for the
Pacific P'ne Company, Third and
Berry streets, was driving a wagon
load of lumber yesterday down' the
steep grade on Bernard street. Four
horses were attached to the -wagon
j and Reilly lost control of them. There
j is no outlet to the street, -which is off
Taylor street, between Pacific
I Broadway, and Reilly, fearing a se
! rious accident, jumped off the wagon
I and escaped injury. The horses
{struck the fence at the end of the
street with" terrific force and were
thrown to the ground.
The loade*d wagon crushed the two
.-wheelers so badly that one had to be
sho^and the other taken to a veteri
nary' surgeon. The two leaders es
caped with slight injury. A lamp
post near the fence was also demol
ished.
Declare War on Coyotes.
Deputy Fish Commissioner H. T.
Paine haa been sent to Mexico to se
j cure 100 pairs of a. certain variety of
j large quail peculiar to that section of
I North America. It is tr purpose of
the fish commission to distribute these
'birds through Southern California. The
I secretary of the Department of the
Interior has informed the forest rang
! ers on duty in the national parks of
this State that they may shoot coyotes
and mountain lions. Otherwise the
law against the use *of firearms in the
national parks will remain unchange 1.
Frank and Salvador Ballestiera were
arrested at Meiggs wharf yesterday
f or having wild ducks in their pos
session. BBS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SATURDAY AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
Butter, Choice Creamery, 3 squares. .
(We defy competition in Butter and
Eggs.)
Eggs, best selected, reg. 30c doz. .2T>c
Salmon Trout, reg. 20c; 2 for 25e
Salmon Bellies, 6 for 23c
Mackerel, large ones, rcg. 15c 10c
Tea, uncolored Japan, pound 35c
Maple Syrup, Scudder's, quart. . .4Oc
Cream, Poppy brand, 3 cans 25c
Peas, California sweet, 3 cans. ..-•"»<*
Cheese, Eastern cream, 2 pounds. I53c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. me.
JOHN ROBINSON. President.
313 O'f arrell St., Near Mason
Telephone Polsom 316.
I r ■'
\ 1
|ij Chocolates W
|\ Bonbons J1
I Given Away Free
t| With *
B Teas, Coffees, Spices
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to
I Trade at
I Great American Importing Tea Cb's
I Stores
B 861 Hirket 210 Grant »t. 1419 PoDc
H 140 Sixth 1819 Dertudcro 705 Lark-n
H 4"5 Haiaht 3006 Sixteenth SS5 Hare*
9 32S5Mi*aion E21 Montj'y mrts. 62 M*rk«t i
B 2003 Fillmort. 2S1S Mission 14S Ninth }
H 866 Third TX2 34th JS9 Foqrth fr|
| "KATONAH"
§ CLUETT* BRAND
m QUARTER SIZES. 35 CENTS EACH
l*| CLUETT, PEA8OOY A CO.,
gg n*Kim or CLurrr amp mqhawcm «miwt»
R PARKER'S 1 !
Balsam il
i Promotes tbo growtfc ol the talr asd ', !
<; glTes It tiie lustre and snitae33 of ycutlL ; ',
i > Wbcn tie hair la gray or faded tt ; ;
JI BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR: ■ ]
] ', It prevents Dandruff and hair faflflig ! ;
• ; and fcecpa the scalp clean and healthy, j!
Every Woman
Mg'^ii MARVEL Whirling Spray
V^OSC^; Q?iSiL tio* and Suctinn. Bfft-f af-
V7^t>G^fc*9fi*w ett— MortConTenient,
>X^«^^r i|1 li^^ i| '..'.■ minim ln»1ir"n.
If h*-car>not iOPl'lT "*e Xfy«. V." '" (C? m_
other, tmt send stamp rot H- \s W ■>.-4 / /y\f ■
fnU p*rtimi«rt »nJ mr*£mn>i to- *%//.„ & '•
valuable to lytles. 31 .% B* F.I> CO.. y *\^H^ ! !liJ^
Time* Building. New Tflcfc.
Always Rexacjcber the Foil .Name
fjaxativs jjronio fjiunmo
CorcS aCoM in One Day, Grfpm 2 Day*
A*(VLjfy cnevery
(9. >r<X^9V%^ bos. 25c
tS&^V") MARKPTTrT. **£**&££?
ASTHMA CURED
To stay cured. Health restored.. Attacks never
return. Write for Book 60. free to anj Asthm*
I or Hay Fever sufferer. Address P. UABOU>
* iUYKS. BuOalo. H. X.