Toreeast madt at Baa Traa
cttco for thirty, houri ending
at mlOnlfht Pebrnary 18, 1904:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Cloudy Tnnnrday; Ufnt north
east winds.
A. G. XcASZB,
District Forecaster. '
VOLUME XCV— NO. 80.
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND JAPANESE TROOPS WILL ATTEMPT
TO ISOLATE PORT ARTHUR AND TAKE RUSSIAN STRONGHOLD
BOLD PLOT
OF THIEVES
MISCARRIES
Secure Hall Million
in Jewels From
a Train.
Loss Is Soon Discovered
and Police Pursue tne
Criminals.
Trunk Containing the Plunder Is Re
covered, but Men Who Planned
the Robbery Get Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call
HOUSTON. Tex., Feb. 17. — XV. H.
Thornton, a diamond salesman, repre
senting the firm of Powell & Meyer
of New York City, had a narrow
escape from the loss of a trunk load of
diamonds, said to be valued at J500,
000. between Houston and Galveston.
Thornton was here this week making
a display of the jewels he came near
losing and states he had reason to be
lieve the thieves had been trailing him
for some days. They opened opera
tions at Galveston. The iron trunk in
which the Jewels were carried had
been checked to Houston. The thieves.
who had laid their plans quite clever
ly, checked a dummy trunk to Harris
l'urg, midway between the two cities,
Mfld then managrtS «o shtTZttie checks
on the trunks. The trunk with the
valuables was in consequence put off
at Harrisburg and was at once claimed
by two young men. It was hurriedly
loaded into a wagon and a hasty start
made for the bay, where, it is since
learned, a schooner was in waiting.
Thornton, who had been keeping a
close eye on the trunk, discovered its
disappearance, and, leaving the train,
got back to Harrisburg in a short time.
A posse of officers gave the thieves
chnse and rescued the trunk, but failed
to make any arrests, as the thieves
escaped to their boat and set saiL
I)L1\DLY DISEASES CARRY
OFF CITIZEN'S OF CHICAGO
Physicians of the Windy City Arc Kept
Bu^y Combating I*neumonia. In
fluenza and liiMitcliitN.
CHICAGO. Feb. 17. — Pneumonia,
influenza and bronchitis are keeping
Chicago physicians busy. Nearly every
hospital in the city has one or more
rases of pneumonia, while the less
Ferious diseases are more prevalent.
.Added to these are the far greater
number of cases treated at home, mak
ing the list of sufferers a long one.
The situation is complicated by the
fact that nearly every one ot Chicago's
big hospitals is filled and unable to
t*ke more patients. At the County
Hospital there are S4 9 patients, lrav
ir.g but one vacant bod. Conditions
sr" similar in the other large hos
pitals. Of the 660 deaths reported last
week by the Health Department 175
were from pneumonia, while thlrty
sfven were from cases of bronchitis
and influenza.
BOSTON I»OLICE ARREST
AliLEGED CHECK FORGER
James M. Webb, Who Is Said to Be
Wanted Here and In Other Cities,
Is Taken in Chsrze.
BOSTOX. Mass^ Feb. 17. — The po
lice inspectors here have und«r ar
rest James M. Webb, charged with
forging checks and uttering them.
They -say Webb Is wanted in Pan Fran
cisco, St. Josej>h, Mo.; Leavenworth,
Kans.; Minneapolis and other places
for passing worthless checks on
women and proprietors oi private
schools, Webb's plan of operation
vus to pass the worthless checks on
private schools as advance payments
for a dajzgrhter he was about to place
in the institution, receiving change for
the fitfference between the face value
and th'e tuition fees.
Brick Company Is Involved.
BOSTON. Feb. 17.— AJonzo E. Locke
was appointed receiver of the New
England Brick Company to-day on a
petition of the Old Colony Trust Com
pany, which holds a first mortgage on
the concern for JS50.000. The company,
which controls the brick manufacturing
business of New England, is alleged
to have defaulted the February Inter
est on this mortgage. The company
has $1,798,800 preferred and $1,087,500
common stock.
Mother and Children Arc Burned.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— Mrs. Jacob
Antonoasi and five children were
burned to death in a fire that destroyed
their home near Croton. The husband,
two boarders aod the oldest son, aged
12, escaped. The explosion of an oil
l«n-j caused the fire.
The San Francisco Call
Alexieff Is Alleged to Have
Shot Officer Responsi
ble for Defeat
Special Dispatch to T*e Call.
LONDON*, Feb. 17.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Express
telegraphs that he learns from official
sources of a dramatic sequel to the
Russian disaster at Port Arthur on
February 9. After. the attack by the
Japanese Viceroy Alexieff summoned
before him the Russian officers whose
negligence was the main cause of the
defeat. After examining them as to
their conduct Alexieff was convinced
that a lieutenant among them was most
culpably guilty.' It is declared Alexieff
drew a revolver and shot the young
officer dead before his comrades. The
lieutenant had taken a party of officers
ashore on a torpedo boat, whereas he
should have been on guard outside the
harbor.
ST. PETERSBURG/Feb. 17.— A dis
patch has been received from Major
General Pflug. chief of staff to Viceroy
Alexieff, saying that Yuan Shi Kai,
commander in chief of the Chinese
army and navy, has ordered 2500 men
to Tsichou to maintain order.
Continuing he says everything is
quiet at Newchwang and the informa
tion that the Japanese are forming
bands of chunchus (bandits) to attack
the railroad Is confirmed.
Quiet prevails on the Yalu. Russian
scouts did not find the enemy within a
distance of forty- three miles from the
river.
STORM BUFFETS WARSHIPS.
A Government communication pub
lished in the Official Messenger warns
the public that it must wait patiently
for news of Russian victories and says
it is useless to waste men in securing
an over- hasty revenge.
Viceroy Alexieff .has communicated
to the Czar the report that Captain
Reitzenstein, who Is in command of
the Russian cruiser division, dealing
with the destruetlon of the Japanese
merchant steamer Nakamura Maru off
the northwestern coast of Japan and
the capture of forty-one of her crew.
The captain, who also Is acting .'com
modore of the Vladivostok squadron,
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1904.
says that a small Japanese coaster
also was approached, but the violent
squall made it impossible to capture
the crew and that therefore the coaster
was not sunk.
Heavy weather, he says, prevented
him following the coaster, and the
cruiser squadron made for Chestakoff,
fleeing before the tempest to gain the
Korean coast. Owing to the storm, the
squadron was able to accomplish only
five knots per hour. Heavy seas were
shipped and the cruisers and guns were
coated with ice, there being nine de
grees of frost. Two violent gales were
encountered within three days.
CZAR'S FAREWELL TO TROOPS.
In the courtyard of the Winter Pal
ace the Czar to-day reviewed the Third
battalion of the First Siberian Rifles,
which is proceding to the Far East. The
review took place in the presence of
the Czarina, the Dowager Empress.
Grand Duke Michael, War Minister Ku
ropatkln, General Sakharoff, chief of
staff, and a number of court officials.
After the inspection, the rendering of
the national anthem by the band and
cheers from the spectators, the Czar
made a speech to the departing soldiers,
in which he said:
"My brothers, I am happy to see you
all before you leave, and I wish you a
good Journey. I am firmly convinced
that you all will uphold the honor of
your ancient regiment and readily risk
your lives for your dear fatherland.
"Remember^ your foe is brave, con
fident and crafty. From my heart I
wish you success over your opponents.
I bless you, my brothers, and with you
the Famous Siberian regiment. May
Seraphim pray for you and accompany
you In all your ways.
'"I thank the officers for volunteering
their, services and once more I thank
you all, by brothers, with all my heart.
God bless you." [ .:
The battalion, accompanied .by „ Its
baggage wagons, then marched
the Czar calling out to the' men as they
went by: "Good by, my brothers."
RUSSIA'S FAMOUS VICEROY OF THE FAR EAST. WHOSE RULE IS AS ABSOLUTE AS THAT OF THE
CZAP'HIMSBLF, -AND SCENE ON THE RAILWAY WHICH IS THE SINGLE LINE OF COMMUNICA
TION OF THE RUSSIAN ARMY IN MANCHURIA.
Japan Is Landing a Quarter of a Million
Men in Korea and on the Goast
of Manchuria.
TIENTSIN, Feb. 17.— It Is learned on
what is considered official authority
that a large number of Japanese trans
ports, on which 100,000 troops have
been embarked, have left their base for
Dalny or some point in that neighbor
hood. The intention is to isolate Port
Arthur by a simultaneous movement in
force f rom . both sides of the peninsula,
which will cut off the fortress from all
of its communications. The troops are
expected to arrive on Thursday.'
LONDON, Feb. ; 18.— Dispatches' pub
lished in the London newspapers this
morning continue to give alleged de
scriptions ot the : embarking of ':Japan
ese troops. Instead . of this embarka
tion occurring secretly from lyina, as
was the case during the Chlno-Japan
ese war, the transports, according -to
the. dispatches published In the Dally
Telegraph and .the Daily. Mail,' . are
openly .embarking .troops . from Naga
saki, Moji, Kobe and elsewhere. .
SCRUBBY CAVALRY PONIES.
A cablegram: to the Daily Telegraph
from Nagasaki says troops are clearing
every night from'tnose ports for Korea
and ten large ; steamships were em
barking troops • at : Nagasaki last Mon
day. All arms, of the service wertCrepi
resented, ' but ; the * cavalry horses were
TOKIO, Feb. 18.— It is the belief of the Navy Department that the Russian
second-class cruiser Boyarin was torpedoed and sunk by the destroyer Heya
tory in the torpedo attack on Port Arthur last Sunday morning. Lieutenant
Commander Tokenouchi did not know the name of the vessel struck by a torpedo
discharged by the Heyatory, but the Navy Department has since learned from
other sources that it was the Boyarin.
A dispatch from St. Petersburg, dated February 16, stated that the Boyarin
was blown up with a loss of 197 officers and men on February 13 by a mine
which it accidentally struck in the harbor at Port Arthur. Of the entire crew,
not a man escaped death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
such sorry . and scrubby ponies that
they hardly seemed worth transporting.
- The embarkations are all remarkably
well managed. Numerous shallow sa
mans (little harbor boats),' as well" as
ordinary boats suitable . for being
rowed, are towed In shallow water or
through a heavy surf and taken on tha
transports. In conclusion, this corres
pondent'says the harbor of Nagasaki
has been mined.
Cabling from Shanghai under date of
February 17 a correspondent of the
Daily Mail declares that a combined
movement of a large Japanese fleet and
a large landing force from Nagasaki is
now proceeding.
The reports that the Japanese have
captured the East Asiatic Company's
steamship Manchuria, as well as the
Siberian Railway's steamship, are con
firmed.-; r
GREAT ARMY AT WUSAN.
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 17.— The • re
port that the Japanese have concen
trated about 60,000 . troops at Wusan,
on the east coast of Korea, with the ob
ject of entering Manchuria, are con
firmed.
BERLIN, Feb. 17.— The Admiralty
here has received confirmation of the
reports that Japanese landing opera
tions on a vast scale are taking place
TBS THEATISS.
Alcazar — "Tne Clubfty ii*h." t *''
AlnamDra — "Tno Xlltie«" Band..
Matinee TorDay. . ,o (.1 0 i <~
Calif orsia— "Devil'a « Auction.';
Central — "The Ken of Jixntown^,
Chutes — TtiiilinilHsi* ' '
Columbia — "Macbeth."
riscaer's — "Roly-Poly."
Orand — •'Whoop-Dee-.Doo.'* Mat
inee To-Day.
Lyric H»U — Blatrvelt Concert.
Orp&aom — Vaudeville. Matin**
To-Say. : '■'■
TItoU — "Wtea Johnny Comes ;
'.-. ■ Marching Borne."
on both of Korea's northern coasts,
and It is assured by the German au
thorities that Japan will be ready by
early spring for a forward land move
ment supported by properly equlped
bases. Possibly 250,000 men (according
to the estimates made at the German
Admiralty) will be In the field before a
collision takes place with the Russians
in force.
Expert naval opinion in Berlin Justi
fies the Japanese in landing before the
Russian fleet Is destroyed, as to wait
until that is accomplished might mean
a delay in the land operations for
months and the consequent strengthen
ing of Russia's forces.
The expectation expressed by a tech
nical newspaper which reviews the sit
uation Is that Japan probably In the
beginning will have considerable land
successes through hard fighting. What
may occur after the early period of the
land operations no technical person
ventures to predict in writing, though
it Is doubted if the Siberian Railway
will be at all adequate to reinforce and
supply the Russian army.
THREE DIVISIONS EMBARK.
PARIS," Feb. 17.— An official dis
patch received here to-day from Toklo
announced that one of the most lm-
Continued on Pase 4, Column 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CLEVELAND
ADDRESSES
HIS PARTY
Urges Rank and File
oi the Democracy
to Unite.
Believes There Is Chance
oi Winning Presiden
tial Election.
Says Obsolete Issues No Longer Chal
lenging Popular Interest Should
. Be Manfully Abandoned.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 17. — In an
article written for -this week's Satur
day Evening Post, former President
Cleveland urges his "rank and. file as
sociates" of the Democratic party to
unite and take a'dvantage of the op
portunities of next November.
"I am one of those," he writes, "who
believes that there is an opportunity
for Democratic success in the coming
Presidential election.
"Though attachment to the party in
which I am enlisted and an intense
desire for its ascendency make such a
belief exceedingly welcome, they cer
tainly do not create it. It is built up
on an unshaken and abiding trust in
the patriotism and intelligence of my
fellow countrymen."
Mr. Cleveland's paper opens with a
reiteration of the declaration that he
made three years ago, that "our fight
ing forces will respond listlessly and
falteringly if summoned to a third de
feat in a strange cause, but if they
hear the rallying cry of true Dem
ocracy they will gather for battle with
old-time Democratic enthusiasm and
courage."
FAITH IX ASSOCIATES.
Referring to his faith in his Demo
cratic associates, he continues:
"This trust will not permit me to
overlook the meaning of the daily in
creasing unrest among our people
growing out of the startling and flip
pant abandonment by the party in
power of our national traditions and
maxims, its disregard of our national
moral restraint, the inconsiderate ten
dency to set aside national good faith.
Its willingness to break away from
safe and accustomed moorings and it3
contemptuous neglect of our nationrU
mission. Surely these conditions, to
gether with the broken pledges anil
forgotten promises of reforms that vex
the sight on every side, not only
abundantly explain the popular dis
trust and fear, prevailing everywhere
In the land, but suggest that in such
stress of political weather, those of
our fellow citizens who thoughtfully
and constantly love our free institu
tions will not be unmindful of such
safety and quiet as may be offered
them by a patriotic and conservative
Democracy."
DEMOCRACY'S OPPORTUNITY.
. Mr. Cleveland thinks these condi
tions Justify the assertion of Dem
ocracy's opportunity. He says:
"It should be remembered, however,
that opportunity may be only distantly
related to actual accomplishment and
that it does not of itself unaided and
alone warrant the expectation of
reaching successful results.
"This Is no time for cunning finesse,
nor for the use of words that conceal
intentions or carry a doubtful mean-
Ing. >
"The Democratic party has a mes
sage to send to its followers and to the
masses of the American people. "Let
that message be expressed in language
easily understood, unconfused by the
vision and untouched by the taint of
Jugglery. Obsolete issues and ques
tions no longer challenging popular
interest should be manfully aban
doned." -
URGES TARIFF REFORM.
Mr. Cleveland urges tariff reforms,
pleads for reduced expenditure of pub
lic money and charges the opposition
with having made promises and broken
them. He arraigns the administration's
Philippine policy, and refers to tha
Continued on Pace 2, Column f t '.*2
OPEN SWITCH
CAUSES WRECK
Oregon Express Is Derailed at
Germantown, a Small Station
Six Miles North of Willows
PASSENGERS ARE , UNHURT
Track Is Torn Up for Consider
able Distance, and Several of
the Curs Are Toppled Over
Social I>l5!>atch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Febl IT.— The Oregon" ex
press,- which, left here, this, afternoon
at 2:40, was wrecked. at Germantown,
a station Fix miles. north of here.' The
engine, tender.] mail and fcaggage' Cars
and two passenger coaches left [ the <
rai'.s. The accident in charged .to' an"
open switch. The passengers .escaped,
injury. , ." .
The train left here tv.enty minutes
late in charge of Engineer Lightner and
Conductor Murray, and eyewitnesses' at
Oermsr.town say that they were pin
nir.g faster than usual when they
Ftruck the open switch. The heavy lo
comotive plowed alur.g the ground for
forty yards, carrying with it tho other
cars. Tics were ground inlo kindling
wood, flsh plates were thrown yards
away, rails were twisted and some of
thorn snapped In twain and heavy
braces were torn from their places. The
forward and near trucks of the tender
were turned hnlf way around and bur
ied in the dirt, as were the rear trucks
of the express car. The engine tipped
to the left and the m.ill and baggage
rars to the richt, and a few more
bumps and they probably would have
been thrown on their sides. The
ties and rails of the tracks on either
side of tho main line were pulled out
of the ground and over to the main
track by .the jar.
There were many people watching
the approach of the train and they are
almost unanimous in saying that tho
train was running faster than usual
as it entered the yard.
Engineer Lightner says he had just
whistled for the semaphore and was
running not faster tnan twenty-five
miles an hour.
The passenger coaches were brought
back here by a freight engine. A
wrecking train from Sacramento and
a work train from Red Bluff were tele
graphed for and section men at Ger
mantown at once began the laying of
an extra track. It is believed that traf
fic can be resumed to-morrow in time
for the regular passenger trains. '
Prvsitlrnt Calls on Mrs. Hanna
WASHINGTON. Feb. IT. — Presi
dent Roosevelt called on Mrs. Hanna
at 4 o'clock this afternoon to pay his
respects and to offer his condolences.
He remained in the family apartments
of the Arlington for nearly an hour
conversing with Mrs. Hanna and other
members of the family. While there
he wi»s shown t.he casts of the death
mask made of Senator Hanna by U.
S. .G. Dunbar. the sculptor. He agreed
with the members of the Hanna fam
ily that the likeness* was notably fine.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DR. WILLIAM HOOKER VAIL,
A Prominent St. Louis Specialist, Says Duffy's Pure Malt
Whiskey Has Done More for Consumptives
Than All Other Medicines.
GfcUemen: Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey was Introduced to me through a
consumptive patient whom I was treating. I called on her..one afternoon after an
absence of about two months and remarked that she was much improved. I in-
nv»red after medicaments, etc.. and she stated she had been using nothing but
COod food and plenty of Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey. Her Improvement was so
rnarKc-d that I wesit directly and purchased it for several other patients suffer-
inp s.rallarly and ln a short time they all expressed decided Improvement and
rroza personal observation and physical examination there was great improve-
fh- n J», ' .'? S tissue. Two who had Laryngeal Consumption (consumption of
the threat) are now entirely well. I am employing it extensively now in mv
practice, in La Grippe. Pneumonia. Bronchitis. Anaemia (Inanition or Mara*,
mus). starvation from lack of assimilation of food, etc.; always In convalescence
Jt.s cpreeableness to the taste and stomach of all people and condition 'makes
it almftst a panacea for all diseases. ' 1LS
-A«n ., 'ImI :•"■'.> WILLIAM HOOKER VAIL. M. D.. St. Louis Mo
.000 doctors who have had similar experience to that of Dr. Vail use Duffv'q
t t l '*rf , l al * « W «n«^ cy ln \ he K f a mil , les a n d Prescribe and recommend it exclusively
It is used Jn 2000 prominent hospitals throughout the United States A lon.iw
dSSted' Y ° rk Sa> ' S " L>uffy 'f Pure Malt Whiskev *» a form of food already
"DUFFY'S PUKE MALT WHISKEY cures coughs, colds, consumption erln
bronchJtis. pneumonia and all diseases of the throat and lungs, it is an ah™
lutdy pure, ucntlt- and invigorating stimulant and tonic, builds up the nerve
t ssut-s. tones up the heart, gives power to the brain, strength and elasticltv V2
!r"U m v SCj^ Sn M richne « s }° lh « bl r d - " brlncs into Action all the vRal forces"
it makes digestion perfect, and enbles you to get from the food vou Jt t^
nourishment it contains. It is Invaluable for overworked men. de^icMe womer
«nd Flckly children. It strengthens and sustains the system, is a promJte^of
good health and longevity, makes the old young and keeps the young st?onl u
St.%r is °ViSS, OnlyWh ' Skey recognized b P y the hoTc^lT^
CAUTION*.— When you nsk for Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey be sure you eet tho
frenuine Unscrupulous dealers, mindful of the excellence of this^rmnHnn 6
mill try to sell you cheap Imitations and so-called Malt Whiskey affii °.J
which are put en the market for profit only, and which, far from rriivlnrihi
sick, are positively harmful. Demand -^Duffy's." and be sure you set it it u
the only absolutely pure malt whiskey which conUlns medicinal health «Hv».,£ '
Qualities 1.00k for the trademark, 'The.Old ChemisC/ on the*a"bel
Duffy s Pure Malt Whiskey, is sold In sealed bottles onlvf never In flask or
bu . U L^ 1 , t , j f 50ld by a " £ ru>re:ifits and grocers, or direct, at ji.00abotUe.MeH.
ad booklet sent free. Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, NY
NATION'S LEGISLATORS HONOR
MEMORY OF SENATOR HANNA
Services in Consonance With the Character of the Dead States
man Are Held in the Senate Chamber in the Presence of the
"Sorrowing Relatives l and a Host . of Grief-Stricken Friends
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17. — In the
presence of the grief-stricken family,
of. ., many friends whose sorrow was
scarcely less pronounced, of the Senate
and. House of Representatives, of the
dignitaries from all the other branches
of and of the chief
official representatives of most of the
" TcrrTlffn powersrthe funeral of the late
Senator Marcus A. Hanna occurred Vo
j day hi' the' t^Snate 'chamber, the scene
j of. hjs most recent activities and of his
j entire official life, Tho spectacle was
I imposiiig and quite .in, harmony with
the public estimate of the great man's
services to his country and the world.
The ceremony was, dignified and
simple, 'in consonance wifh his char
acter, and the Senate chamber lent it
self ,naturall>;~to-.the .occasion. It is
.especially barren of decorations, and
the dark "furniture, heavy walls and
j light - >vere : quite ; in keeping
.with the sorrowfuj, proceedings which
were j the -occasion at the gathering.
Seldom has a- more distinguished body
of people been collected in Washing
! ton to dohoh'6f,~eTTher to the living or
the dead, and rarely has there been
witnessed a-TfiOre impressive proceed
ing. , . '
Without pomp or ceremony the re
! mains were conveyed from the Arling
[ ton Hotel to the Senate chamber. The
pallbearers were composed of a de
tachment of Capitol police, under the
command of a lieutenant, and the cor
tege was preceded by a platoon of
mounted city police.
FIA)\VERS ENVELOP CASKET.
Throughout the forenoon a number
of frh-nds called at the hotel and were
permitted to view the remains. The
room in which the dead statesman lay
was so banked with floral tributes as
to almost hide tho casket. Upon .the
lapel of the late Senator's coat; was
the insignia of the Loyal Le"gion and
the casket was enveloped in' a huge
American flag belonging to that or
ganization.' ••
Before the casket was sealed the
members of the family, with the ex
ception of Mrs. Hanna, took a^ last
look at the remains.
Not since the Senator passed away
has Mrs. Hanna seen, the remains, pre
ferring to remember her husband as
in life.
In the front rank of the eminent as
semblage gathered immediately about
the bier of the departed statesman in
the Senate chamber sat President
Roosevelt. He was- flanked by the mem
bers of his Cabinet, all of whom had
been closely affiliated with Senator
Harma by ties of friendship and posi
tion." Near by were the Chief Justice
and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States, garbed in
their black robefe.of office,, which fitted
well into the scene of sorrow. 'There
were scarcely any absentees from
among the members of the Senate.
Each and all of them were visibly, af
fected and it was not difficult to detect
in their sorrowful countenances the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1904.
sense of personal loss that all felt in
Hanna's death.
The desk of their late colleague was
heavily draped.
ARRIVAL OP THE FAMILY.
The religious ceremony was fittingly
placed in the hands of Dr. Everett Hale,
chaplain of the Senate, giving it an
official character, while preserving its
solemnity and insuring its simple dig
nity.
No order of any kind was maintained
at the Capitol in the arrival of partici
pants in the services. The President
reached the east portico of the Senate
wing at .11:55 a. m., accompanied by
Mr. Loeb, his secretary. They pro
ceeded at once to .the President's ro«m,
where they were joined by Cabinet
members. The President's family came
soon afterward and were assigned to
seats in the members' gallery, where
they were joined by Secretary Loeb
after the President and Cabinet had !
entered^ the Senate chamber. Members
of the diplomatic corps came individ
ually and assembled in the Senate re
ception-room. It was just noon when
the members of Senator Hanna's fam
ily arrived, airs. Hanna came on the
arm of her son, Daniel R. Hanna, and I
Mrs. Daniel R. Hanna on the arm of j
H. M. Hanna. They were followed by
Mr. and Mrs. McCormick and Mr. and
Mrs. Parsons, Miss Phelps and personal
friends of the family.
MANY FLORAL TRIBUTES.
The ceremony began shortly after 12
o'clock, but the gallery doors were
thrown open long before that hour and
by 11 o'clock fully half the gallery seats
were occupied, mostly by ladies. The
casket was borne into .the chamber by
a squad of Capitol police, headed by
Sergeant-at-Arms Randell of the Sen
ate, and was immediately followed by
the official committee, with Senator
Foraker and General Grosvenor at
its head. Slowly the. little procession
moved down the main aisle of the
chamber and the casket was tenderly
placed upon the catafalque.
The hall was banked with flowers
which had been sent in great profusion
by friends. There was a large wreath
of orchids surrounding a cross of vio
lets from the President.
The Senate contributed an immense
wreath of orchids, carnations, roses
and violets, the Republican Association
of Ohio another almost as large, and
the Gridiron Club of this city another,
which was of striking beauty.
Senator Frye, as President pro tem
pore, stood in front of his chair as the
body was borne to Its resting place.
All the people in the galleries rose as
if with one impulse as the casket was
borne to its place. The pall bearers
had scarcely retired, when the Senate
was called to order and. the Senators
whg had entered took their seats upon
the fall of the gavel -of the President
pro tern. . Immediately afterward the
House of Representatives, with Speaker
Cannon at its head, was announced,
and the members of that body filed
slowly in, taking the seats previously
assigned to them, the Senators and vis
itors in the galleries rising.
OFFICIALS IX ATTENDANCE.
Speaker Cannon took his place at the
left of President Pro Tern. Frye. ' Then
came the Embassadors and Ministers
from foreign countries, who were given
the seats next to the front row of the
Senate chamber and they were imme
diately followed by Admiral Dewey and
Major General Gillespie. representing
the navy and army. The Chief Jus
tice and Associate Justices of the Su
preme Court were ushered into seats
on the Democratic side.
President Roosevelt and members of
his Cabinet were then announced and
all present arose without waiting for
the tap of the gavel. The Presidential
party were escorted by Colonel Symons
and Commander Winslow in full uni
form. The President and his Cabinet
occupied the front row of seats at the
right of the presiding officer.
Twenty minutes later, Mrs. Hanna,
leaning upon the arm of her son, Dan
R. Hanna, entered the chamber and
took a seat in the front row on the left
of the presiding officer. She was fol
lowed by her daughters and their hus
bands and other members of the fam
ily and immediate friends, all of whom
were given seats in the immediate vi
cinity of the casket. Every one pres
ent rose as the family entered and re
mained standing until they had been
eeated. President .Pro Tern. Frye then
addressed the Senate, saying:
• Senators: You have solemnly and lovingly
dedicated this day to an observance of a proper
funeral ceremony over Marcus A. Hanna, late a
distinguished member of this body, and all
business will be suspended to that end.
We will unite In prayer with the chaplain
of the National House of Representatives.
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
Chaplain Couder, who occupied a
seat by the side of Chaplain Hale of
the Senate, immediately in front of the
presiding officer, offered up an Invoca
tion.
Immediately after Dr. Hale deliver
ed his funeral address. He did not
use his notes in speaking, but never
halted for a word, and, although
more than 80 years old, his voice pene
trated every corner of the hall. He
epoke in part as follows:
Those who knew him best loved him most.
And those who knew him little loved him
much.
You speak of no one else as you go and come
In these days: and this is the Impression which
is made, say on a man like me — almost a
stranger to him personally. I knew him very
little, but I have felt his power and charm.
There are a hundred men who are hearing me
better fitted than 1 am to describe him or to
account for. hi* power, but I think they would
all have to recognize the promptness, the ln
tcnutty of thought and action which comes
when a man's heart is engaged — the energy
and success of a man who does what he loves
to do, what he wants to do. what he ought to
do because he loves it, "because he believes in
It. because he lives not for himself, but for
those whom he so gladly serves. -
I was talking once with a distinguished mi«
slcnary who had spent his life In. one of those
philosophical J countries whose religion came
more or less Into fashion among us half a
century ago. and he. said to me that the peo
ple among whom he had lived loved the lord
their God with all their heart and with all
thfllr mind, but they did not love him with all
their strength. Our friend loved with all hl«
might. He found out what was to bo done
and he did it.
That class of people, which is too large,
who make it their profession to ascribe the
worst conceivable motives for every human
action could not make Mr. Hanna out when
he appeared in what is called public life.
They made th? mistake which such men always
make — of thinking that the mind, with all its
maneuvers and gymnastics and memories and
Imagination, is greater and stronger than tho
poul of man while it works In sincerity and
truth in faith and hope and love. '
They had tp Imagine, therefore, a cunnlnx
latrlcuer. a man who accounted for his sue-
ce«« m you might account for a boy's isuccess
In a. game of marbles. But the analysis of
character did not prove true. You might aa
well compare the stilted adjectives and sub
stantives, of a schoolboy's theme against
the passionate song of Burns or of Tennyson.
Here was no contriver no schemer, no mere
inventor, least of all was he a copyist. Here
was a whole-souled child of God who believed
in succesa and who knew how to succeed by
using the Infinite powers. I
Eight years ago an accomplished friend of
mine said to one of the speakers in the can
vass: "Who is this Cleveland man. this
Hanna. whom the newspapers are describing?"
The answer stays by me. I wonder if the
man himself remembers it: "Hanna is a man
who means to apply to politics the methods of
business men of honor."
Honor, truth and love! Go to the bottom
and these are what win success. A square
bolt will not fit a round hole in the side of a
steamship. Truth — unless my word Is as good
as my note my note will be looked at coldly
when I offer it for discount. And unless I
pursue the duty God i has given me with an
eager love of those who have fallen down or
those who have stumbled; ■ unless in my
strength I bear the infirmities of the weak,
ah. woe is me! I»ve!
And so when men tell us what is true, that
this man more than any other could mediate
between the men who provide the tools and
j the men who handle them, that thl3 man had
the confidence of the workman and of the man
whose father was a workman, or the man
who. like himself, had made nature his star
and ruled things with what is godly power,
you understand what worked the miracle. You
can work It yourself. • .
These three abide: Faith, hope and' love.
SPECTATORS ARE AFFECTED.
i After a prayer, with which Dr. Hale
J closed his sermon, the Gridiron Quar
' tet sang "Nearer, My God, to Thee."
While the religious services were In
progress suppressed sobs were heard
in many parts of the chamber. Post
master General Payne, who had been
for years associated with Mr. Hanna
on the national committee, was among
those most affected. Secretary Hitch
cock was also visibly touched. .
The hymn concluded, President Pro
Tern. Frye addressed the assembly,
saying:
We commit the body of our beloved Senator
now to the committees, to the houses of Con
gress and to the of fleers of the Senate to bo
conveyed to his late home in Ohio and to Us
final resting place
May God sanctify his life and death to us
who loved him well.
.The services were then closed with
a benediction by Dr. Hale.
The visitors and family then-'with
drew, the family followed by the Presi
dent and Cabinet.
The Senate then at 1 o'clock, on mo
tion of Senator Lodge, adjourned.
NOTABLE CITIZENS PRESENT.
Among the' distinguished men from
New York who attended the funeral
services at the -Senate ' were Former
Secretary of the Interior Cornelius N.
Bliss, General John J. McCook, presi
dent of the Ohio Society; J. Plerpont
Morgan, James J. Hill and Clement A.
Griscom, president of the International
Navigation Company.
Many persons who had occupied the
galleries during the service left the
Capitol building with apparent reluct
ance. It was not generally known that
the remains were not to lie in state,
and, as soon as the people were dis
missed a crush occurred around, the
Senate chamber "doors by reason of the
large number seeking admission to
gaze for the last time on a face known
widely and loved by all. The order to'
clear the galleries was given, however,
and within an hour the chamber and
galleries had been closed against the
public. The remains were left at rest
in the closed chamber, surrounded by
the floral offerings and under a guard
of Capitol police.
MANY IX FUNERAL PARTY.
Special Train Leaves Washington With
Remains of Dead Senator.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— The train
bearing the remains of Senator Hanna
left Washington for Cleveland at 6
o'clock to-night. On the train were all
the members of the late Senator's fam
ily and a number of personal friends.
The casket was taken from the United
States Capitol building at 4:40 p. m.
and was escorted to the Pennsylvania
station by the committee of Senators
and Representatives which had charge
of the funeral in the Senate chamber.
The train consisted of one baggage
car, a dining car, two Pullman sleep
ers, a private car and an observation
car. The observation car was cleared
of all its observation seats and in this
spac*e the casket was placed. Around
it were banked the. many floral offer
ings and nearly every seat remaining in
the car held one or more of these per
fumed burdens. The car carrying
the remains was the first on the
train. In the- funeral party are
Mrs. M. A. Hanna, H. M. Hanna,
Mr. and Mrs. D. R. Hanna, Mr. and
Mrs. Elmer Dover, Miss Mary E. Phelps,
Governor Myron T. Herrick. Bishop
Leonard, General and Mrs. Charle3 A.
Dick and Dr. E. P. Carter.
CITY IN MOURNING GARB.
Citizens of Cleveland Complete Final
Arrangements for Funeral.
CLEVELAND, O., Feb. 17.— The com
mittee having in charge the arrange
ments for the funeral of the late Sena
tor Hanna announced that in order to
give all. who desire an opportunity to
View the. remains the body will lie in
state at the Chamber of Commerce on
Thursday and Friday.
■ The doors of the chamber will be
closed at 9:30 Thursday evening and
Memorial Post, Grand Army of the Re
public, of which Senator Hanna was a
member, will hold memorial services
around the catafalque.
'The city is rapidly taking on a garb
of white and black, many buildings be
ing draped in these colors of mourning.
Every street car running in the city to
day carried festoons of black upon the
front and sides. For a brief period
during the final services at St. Paul's
Church on Friday the electric power
will be turned off and all street cars be
brought to a standstill.
Mayor Johnson issued a proclamation
that on the day of Senator Hanna's fu-
neral, Friday, from 1 to 1:05 p. m., there
be a cessation of all business and that
during the five minutes there be pre
served throughout the city perfect re
pose. The Mayor also suggests that
between 12 and, 2, the hours set for the
funeral procession and services, the
people of Cleveland, in the downtown
business section and along the route to
be taken by the funeral cortege desist
from their ordinary business* occupa
tions. .. ■ ;
The Mayor further directs that all
departments of the city government
1RMT ABUSES
LENIENT ORDER
Roosevelt Revokes McKinley's
Order Allowing Troopers to
Bring In Goods Duty Free
VOLUNTEERS MISUSE LAW
Flagrant Violation of Late
President's Fiat Cause of
Revocation by His Successor
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— The Presi
dent to-day issued an executive order
revoking the order of President McKln
ley allowing gifts from officers of the
army and navy and the civic service in
Porto Rico and Cuba, the Philippines,
etc., to be admitted into the United
States free of duty.
It is understood that the privileges
granted by President McKinley's order
have been greatly abused of late and
that the real purpose of the orders,
which was to allow the volunteer sol
diers, sailors and others in the Gov
ernment service in Cuba, China and
our island possessions to send presents
to the members of their immediate
families at Christmas time free of duty,
has been lost sight of and that large
quantities of goods of every description
are constantly bein|f forwarded to this
country in flagrant violation of the let
ter and spirit of President McKlnley'a
order. This is said to be the cause of
their revocation.
close at noon on the day of the funeral.
In accordance with* the wishes of the
Hanna family it has been decided that
no remarks of an eulogistic nature
shall be made in St. Paul's Church at
the funeral services over the remains
of Senator Hanna, which will be held
Friday, and the services will consist
only of the ritualistic services of the
EpiBcopal Church.
A memorial meeting, however, will be
held at the Chamber of Commerce Sat
urday afternoon, when prominent citi
zens will deliver addresses on the life
and work of the deceased statesman.
The attendance of notable men at the
funeral promises to be large. Besides
Senator Foraker, three Secretaries of
the President's Cabinet, Messrs. Taft,
Wilson and Cortelyou, and the delega
tion from the Senate and the House
of Representatives there will be in at
tendance the entire Ohio State Lewis
lature, which will come from "Colum
bus on a special train. Governor
Herrick and staff and ex-Governor
Nash and tea friends will also attend
So far as known Governor Durbin of
Indiana is the only State Executive
outside of Ohio coming to the funeral.
Governor .Durbin will be accompanied
by his stan!.
Hanna's pictures are in every store
window in the city, surrounded either,
by simple draperies, an American flag
or some handsome and appropriate
floral design.
It _ was decided to-night by the local
committee of arrangements for the
lying In state ceremonies to open the
auditorium of the Chamber of Com
merce at 6 o'clock Friday morning In
stead of 8 o'clock, for the convenience
of hundreds of worklngmen.
At the meeting of the United Trades
and Labor Council to-night twenty rep
resentatives were chosen from the vari
ous crafts to participate in the Hanna
funeral. The proposed general outpour
ing of wcrkingmen has been abandoned
at the wishes of the immediate family
of the Senator.
The Governor telegraphed instruc
tions for the issuance of a supplement
ary proclamation requesting that as a
further mark of respect to the memory
of the late Senator all business in the
State be suspended for five minutes,
from 1 to 1:05 p. m. Friday, during
the funeral service at Cleveland.
The joint resolution drawn up by the
committee of State officers and mem
bers of the Legislature, the following
tribute to the late Senator was issued:
Three times In the space of five weeks Ohio
has been shocked and grieved by the death
of a distinguished citizen whose leadership
among his fellows had trained for him the
highest popular favor. Two of these have
filled the Governor's chair with conspicuous
ability; the third, as chief of his party or
ganization, as Senator in the National Con
gress, as broad-minded statesman and philan
thropic citizen, waa one of the most influen
tial men of his time. 'Emerging from private
life less than a decade ago and from the be
ginning much misunderstood and most abused,
not to say cordially hated by those who did
not know him. in a few fleeting years he had
compelled the admiration of all and had won
the trust and love of both. Marcus A. Hanna
was a masterful man. but he was also a man
of high and honorable purposes and of genial
disposition. He went straight to the mark,
but there was nothing sinister In his methods.
He was always out in the open, honest, zeal
ous, frank and fair. With arueh methods ho
won success and successfully earned the re
markable Indorsement which called out that
proud and happy utterance which Is still ring-
Ing In our ears. "We shall miss his wise coun
sel, his Intrepid leadership, his loyal friend
ship." /
Kentucky rays Tribute of Respect.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 17. — In
the Senate to-day resolutions paying
tribute to . the memory of Senator
Hanna were adopted by a rising vote
and the Senate adjourned as a fur
ther mark of respect.
DICK MAY BE CHOSEN.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Feb. 17. — There
is a growing feeling here that the
question of a successor to Senator
Hanna will not precipitate such a
fight as was expected. It is now be
lieved that when the time for the bal
loting arrives Congressman Charles
Dick will prove to be the man.
The Republicans are expected to
"caucus a week from the coming Satur
day night and it is believed they will
decide to elect a Senator for both the
long and the short terms, • despite the
fact that their right to elect for the
long term at his ime is questioned.
. / A leader high^ in the Republican
party to-day told* an interesting story
which makes it reasonable to believe
that Dick will be chosen as Senator.
The story as told conforms to cer
tain known facts. The gentleman
said that a week before the last Re
publican State convention was held In
Columbus , a conference occurred at a
residence in Akron between Hanna,
Herrick and. Dick. I Senator Hanna at
the time had misgivings as to the time
he had to live and said Herrick and
Dick that he consid-ered them as his
boys and expected them to take up his
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
- Itching. Blind, Eleedln* or Protrudlnr Pile*
Your . «ru«i«t . will- wrund money u p Ma
Ointment fill* to curt you la 0 to it d&ra. eoa*
#^ ■ . 4 ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Tm^ PRESIDENT OF
. NOLAN BROS. SHOE COV
Is Retiring from Business
And the entire stock of high-grade shoes must
be closed out regardless of cost
....THIS WEEK....
* We Have Placed on Sale
1500 pairs Men's Fine Vici 20O ° P aIrs Lakes' fine vid kid lace
Kid and Box Calf Lace Shoes; shoes, with welted, sewed soles,
clean, fresh, up-to-date >3.50 J ust hke above picture, for walk-
shoes; allsizes, this Tof ' dress.'^ taod -«™ d ~£
week bZ.&U AI1 sizes . AI1 dths $J.5U
The above are fresh, up-to-date shoes and are all stamped $3.50. We
will fill mail orders for these shoes, and if they are not exactly as
represented return them at our expense and g^t yaur money back.
Every Shoe in the Store Is a Bargain.
PHELAN BUILDING "2-814 Market Street
===== 9-11 OTarrell Street
work, which they both knew. With
respect to Herrick it is said that Han
na was following out McKinley's
wishes in taking care of the present
Governor. There was a demand for
recognition for Warren B. Harding
that was too strong to be overlooked
and it was agreed in the conference
that Herrick should be the nominee
for Governor, with Harding for secoivl
place. There was also a, distinct un
derstanding that Herrick should not
voluntarily relinquish the Governor's
chair, as' that would throw the office
into the hands of the Foraker ele
ment of the party by making Harding
Governor. There were certain agree
ments to be carried out, and a change
in the Governor's office would
violate these promises, Hanna
was anxious to carry Cuyahoga Coun
ty and by making the concession to
his opponents in Harding's nomina
tion he believed that he would be able
to do so. For this reason it is be
lieved that Governor Herrick cannot
entertain for an instant the idea of
going to the Senate and the Hanna
followers, including Herrick himself,
must support . Dick for the Senator
ship. While many names are being
mentioned, all are mere speculations
and those who give the situation seri
ous consideration are growing firmer
in the belief that Dick was the man.
TRIBUTE FROM CALIFORNIA.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Feb. 17.—
Among the many beautiful floral trib
utes laid on the bier of the late Senator
Hanna was one placed there by ■ the
California delegation. It was a wreath
of roses and smilax placed upon an
easel. Senators Perkins and Bard re
ceived a telegram from the California
State Central Committee. yesterday re
questing that in their name a fitting
testimonial of this character be pre
pared, and as a result amid the rare
wealth of flowers at the funeral ser
vice in the Senate chamber to-day
that of California was conspicuous.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee has taken prompt action on the
death of Senator Hanna and expres
sions of regret have been forwarded
. ADVEBTISEMENTa
/I^Sm " a te hke these
for 3' dollar
Thesehatsare P articu "
e wM§i 'vlS larly good for everyday
y^M -5$P • wear d urin £ the winter
p||i^ j r$$ months, because of their
low' price. You don't
ifeJL want to wear an expen^
JjH|ftK A Msst' sive hat in the rain> with
* : 4PS%r"^y^^^fe' chances of its beins
••'•?:-fe^% il§JPP ; blown off and landing in
ine street.
low, the hats come in
all the stylish shapes.
also soft hats in several * ;^Sfe •• $%$■ ■:■
shapes. We picture t\vo Wm^ >*#«!-
of the latter. **|ilP"
Out-of-town orders Ld-.wnte us. '
740 Market Street %[/ '^^^^^
CLEVELAND ADDRESSES HIS PARTY
Continued From Pasc 1, Column 7.
isthmus canal in these words:
"The Democratic party has been con
sistent and unremitting in its advocacy
of an interoceanic canal and has with
the liveliest satisfaction looked forward
to the day when such a highway of
commerce, built under the auspices of
our Government, would be contributed
by America to the world's progress and
civilization. It is, nevertheless, not
within the mandate of the Democratic
creed that in consummating so noble
an enterprise as this the territorial
rights of any other nation should be
disregarded or that our own national
good, faith should be subjected. to rea
sonable suspicion.**
Mr. Cleveland concludes as follows:
"At surh a time a3 this the Demo
cratic party cannc.-t undertake the bat
tle of the people, except under a leader
that not only represents its best tradi
tions and purposes, but fully realizes
what is meant by the tremendous is
sues of the conflict; and his selection
should not depend on such a small con
sideration as the locality whence he
comes.
"The Democracy's opportunity is al
ready in sight, but only in a campaign
waged in reliance on the people's love
of country and devotion and national
morality under leadership that personi-
fies the sentiments which would be
found Democracy's hope."
to Washington. The following tele
grams were sent from this city:
Hon. H. C. Payne. Vice Chairman National
Republican Committee, Washington, D. C. :
The Republican party of the State of Cali
fornia mourna with the nation the loss of our
peerless leader. Marcus A. Hanna. Express
for us to hia bereaved family our deep sym
pathy.
Republican State Central Committee of Cali
fornia — William M. Cutter, chairman; Cahrlea
E. Snook, secretary.
To Senators Perkins and Bard the
following was sent from the headquar
ters of the State Central Committee:
At our expense furnish appropriate floral
piece for funeral of Senator Banna, expressive
Of OUr 1533.MAKES THREATS
AGAINST LIFE
Alleged Murderer Who Escaped
From Arkansas Officers Is
Said to Be in Bakersfield
POLICE ARE NOTIFIED
Sends Letter to His Brother-in
8 Law Demanding: That He
Accord Hini an Interview
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 17. — James
Coffee, or Harry Fletcher, who was ar
rested here recently for a murder in
Arkansas, alleged to have been com
mitted fourteen years ago. and who
escaped from the officers at Fort
Worth, while en route to Texarkana,
is believed to have returned here.
Some three weeks ago he was seen in
Los Angeles and to-day his brother-in
law, B. H. Bell, of this city, who as
eumed the responsibility for giving
him up. although it is said that this
was really the work of others, re
ceived a letter from the fugitive de>
manding an Interview and jnaking
threats against him. The letter was
jvritten here. Bell does not seem wor
ried over the threats, but reported the
matter to the Sheriff.
Fletcher broke away from two
Arkansas officers in the corridor of a
hotel, where the three hnd gone for
breakfast. He was not manacled and
only loosely guarded. The officers did
not report the matter to the police at
Fort Wot th. according to a letter from
the Chief of Police received by Sheriff
Kelly, and continued their Journey ap
parently unconcerned. It Is said that
If Fletcher commits no further offense
he wil not be arrested ag^in and may
come and go freely.
COMMITS SUICIDE AFTER
READING HIS LETTERS
Young Man of Riverside Shoots Him
self Tbronch the Heart Without
Apparent Cause.
. RIVERSIDE, Feb. 17. — Hervey
•Hinkle, one of the most popular
young men of Riverside's younger set,
committed suicide at the home of his
l>rother to-night by shooting himself
through the heart. Hinkle was 25
> oars of age and was employed by the
liubitioux Fruit Company. He went
!mme at 5 o'clock and sat down to
read his mail. Suddenly he got up,
ncnt into his room and shot himself
through the heart.- Xo cause for the
•Jeed is known, unless he had, received
had news in the mail he had just been
reading. Hinkle came here from
Philadelphia three months ago.
Dies at the A«;e of 107 Years.
. SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 17. — Salvador
Kernandez, an Indian, who celebrated
his 107th anniversary yesterday, died
last night at the County Farm. He
formerly lived near Tomales in the
northern part of this county, but for
tpany years had been a county charge.
His wife died seven years ago at the
age of 04. After her death the old
:r.an failed rapidly. . Up to that time
he was vigorous and healthy. He will
be buried here.
lA\c Wire Kills Electrician.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17. — William
Sullivan, single, aged about 30 years,
«b electrician in the employ of the
Tyos Angeles Railway Company, was
instantly killed this forenoon by com
ing in contact with a live wire while
v. orking at the top of a pole at Park
View avenue and Sixth street.
DE. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
Some Get SfcR This Way.
Then My Book Is A Help.
The Book Telb a Viy To Health.
VM& Hock* or Dmtf*
" „ Book t on the Heart,
•nail Hook j on th« Kidney*
■ 1 - Hook 4 lot Wonn.
• . Book ; (or Men Ueaiedj
•end? hook 6on Kkeunun«m
*be« y*a ar> tostac strenrth.
H"hen jroor r\trn* art faun*.
«Vhen your vitality ta ilippir* ••«».
When acwnettitnc n utimt away roar ermirtiune*
Ifcen my bor.r will «21 you a «i» «o he!p
And The book t«free-
It «.ill «!l you of mr pa«t-of j* rear* cl»e» •• On
.**it will tell yo» bow I found *)• J»oae (f ell chia »eafc.
»«.„ It wilftel! yoo tliat the in«i<Je.ner*ei have failed
And ft win appear to you at clearly a« thclicht of day.
Not the ner»e» Tpo •"!«>» "boot, that yon feel wuh.
that van command when you walk. »hen you move.
hot it vital orcan nervea. The nervei that operate,
relate t* heart. 1U nerve* thtt meaii >«>£«•
.rrerrth or weakne- te the .'omach. the W. the Jud-
,. T ;_ic»:! the of*ani that art essential to health, to
*1 -'e and to happine**. » __
1-ht»»./»my create«t diaooverr. Then the way to
t>ei !*» wa» clear. I rm:*t vitahte thene weakeredjtvtid*
r«rves. I n hoepita l» aed~ at bed-sidea my »©rk »aa ta
" °At Us? ray preemption «»• perfected I called th«l
prescription a rtnterauv*
li <sno«
Known The World Over As
Dr. Shoop's Restorative.
Ani why tlm ontnual publicity* ,
What bmacin rt-»e quick:y Before the peoplef
There are three viu I reasons
Kiret. try UMMnqf personal •ppl'ca''©* t* a
trwnent to tht* <ib»cure imwe nerves.
Tint was never done hrfcrt — nor sfnee.
S>« p.«cr.PtK,n iuelf-th. e-b-iW *«
art* drrettly on the»ef»ilin» nerves. .. •
*%Mb%d the most comr,icuoui reason— 1» be-
rji.rTanr.o-.nred to the «orid that practically any .ick
iVm-ihere-w-s welcome to us* Dr. Shoop'a He-
•'•"orttive • whole month without tht risk of e»e» »
cu,.H«a<el*'iniketh:s offer. •
V. u wntr me for the book you "«•«.
i;, d 7o rooi>') A postal «rd will brine the **>l
H 'l^n »<»«• iti. free Tell roe of your aO-
- II: Z"r*J «oo!c you' li<"»r Hector- Write to me im
t! l^w3?*?£rfi 111 send the name ot a druggist
;&%:"?£ tofnt '
I! kriowyoVTwiilatJadiypayfS $» •'"* » bnnrs yo»
.the»*;pjro«i>e*a..
Write now— to-day. Dr. Shoop, Box S630,
r '*'jmd'au£ not chronic, are often cured with
.,n? or two bottlf*. At druggists.
You must have a peculiar
tea taste if no-one of the five
Schilling's Best is right for
vou ; and coffee four.
Your grocer's; money back
MIRACULOUSLY
ESCAPE DEATH
Young' Marysville Couple Has
Exciting Experience in Try
ing to Cross Feather River
MAD TORRENT UPSETS RIG
Gertrude Gray and Henry Berg
Jr. Lose Horse and Buggy, but
Manage to Save Themselves
MARTSVILLE. Feb. 17.— Henry Berg
Jr. and Miss Gertrude Gray, prominent
young society people of th'.s city nar
rowly .escaped death in the flood waters
of the Feather River last night. Their
escape was a miraculous one, and was
due principally to the heroic efforts of
Berg.
The young couple was returning from
a party in Yuba City, Sutter County,
about a half-mile from here when
they found that the flood water of
the river was running swiftly over the
grade. They did not consider the
river dangerous and started to cross
over. When about half-way over the
current washed the horse from its feet
and carried the buggy and the floun
dering animal over the grade into wa
ter about eight feet deep. The buggy
was overturned and the occupants
thrown into the swift and muddy tor
rent. Berg then gave up Idea of sav
ing the horse and turned his attention
to the young lady, who was caught In
the buggy. He succeeded in swimming
into shallow water and saving the life
of his companion and reaching the
bridge, where assistance was procured.
Both young people reached their
homes in this city about 1 o'clock this
morning and consider that their escape
from death was indeed most fortunate.
The young lady was In an exhausted
condition, but this evening reports no
111 effects from her sudden and ex
tremely cold bath. The horse was
found dead this morning several hun
dred yards below the scene of the acci
dent. It had lodged in some brush. The
buggy has not as yet been located, as
the water is still rising and is very
deep where the young people went over
the grade.
GAME OF POKER COSTS
RANCHER A SNUG SUM
O. A. Ix)vdal of Sacramento Spends
Evening at Club and Sporting
Man Wins His Money.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— O. A. Lov
dal, a well-known and wealthy hop
grower of Sacramento and Tolo coun
ties, lost more than $5000 in a poker
game Monday night. The money was
won by a sporting man named F. B.
Allen, who recently opened private
clubrooms in this city. Lovdal had a
streak of hard luck and when the game
ended Allen had Lovdal's signature to
a note for $5000 besides winning some
coin. The greatest secrecy has been
thrown about the affair, with the re
sult that it did not become known un
til to-day. It is said that a prominent
business man. whose name has not
not been mentioned, was also a player
at the eame.
Lovdal has protested the note at
various banks, on the ground it is
claimed, that a gambling debt is not
coyectable. Elwood Bruner, his attor
ney, declined this afternoon to discuss
the incident further than to say that
the sum named in the note was $5000
and that the matter would be satisfac
torily Bettled. The attorney said he did
not know where the game took place.
IMPORTANT WITNESSES
ELUDE SUBPOENAS
Cunningham Case at Bakersfield Is
Delayed by Absence of Vezie
and Florey.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 17.-The entire
afternoon in the Cunningham case was
taken up with the effort to show that
the missing witnesses, Vezle and
Florey. were not to be found and all
due diligence had been used to locate
them. Returns from all the counties
in the State were Introduced in evi
dence. Attorney Rowen Irwin, special
counsel for the prosecution, testified
that he had asked the officers to keep
special watch on these two witnesses,
as he feared an effort might be made to
get them away.
The admlsslbillty of the depositions
taken at the preliminary trial will be
argued to-morrow morning.
FINDS ■ VALUABLE NUGGET
OX SUTTER CREEK CLAIM
Miner W. D. Smith Rewarded by Dis
covery of Chunk of Gold Weigh
ing More Than Eight Ounces.
VOLCANO, Feb. 17. — A gold nugget
weighing eight and seven-eighths
ounces w%s found in the Twinsburg
gravel claim, located about three
miles from Volcano on Sutter Creek,
by William D. Smith, the owner of the
claim. The nugget measures three
inches in length by an Inch and a half
in width and is worth about X150.
Smith has been working the clnim
all winter with small success and was
greatly surprised when his pick turned
over the piece of bullion.
GRIFFITH J. GRIFFITHS'
WIFE FAIXTS IX COURT
Loses Consciousness After Describing
Los Angeles Capitalist's Attempt
to Kill Her at Santa Monica.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17. — When
Mrs. Griffith J. Griffiths, wife of the
Los Angeles capitalist, who is on trial
in the Superior Court for attempted
murder, finished recounting on the
witness stand to-day the story pt her
husband's attempt to take her life In
their room at Santa Monica Hotel last
September, she fell forward into the
arms of friends in a dead faint. She
later revived and was able- to be taken
home in a carriage.
Thinks He Has Robber In Custody.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 17.— A man
giving the name of W. B. Brown was
arrested here to-day, by Deputy Sher
iff Ben Barnes of Healdsburg on sus
picion that he had committeed ths
recently reported robbery of the de
pots on the California Northwestern
Railroad at Lytton and Windsor. The
officer is confident he has the right
man. -.i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1904.
MAKES A PLEA
OF INNOCENCE
Joseph Te'shara, Under Sentence
of Imprisonment for Murder,
Denies That He Is Guilty
ISSUES LONG STATEMENT
Although Twice Convicted of
the Crime, He Asserts That
He Did Not Kill G. D. Loucks
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 17.— Joseph Tes
hara, who will be taken to Folsom this
week to serve a sentence . of ninety
years' imprisonment for murder, has
issued a statement in which he de
clare? he is innocent. He is accused of
having murdered G. D. Loucks in the
latter's saloon and twice has been con
victed of the crime. His statement is
as follows:
/ February 16, 190*. •
To th» Citizens of Santa Crui — '
As It Is only a matter ot a few days until I
ehall b« taken to the State prison. I feel called
upon at this time to make a brief statement to
the public.
As It is well known. I was informed against
by the District Attorney for the crime of mur.
der alleged to have been committed on Feb
ruary 10. 1300. to which Information I entered
a plea of not guilty. That plea of not guilty
still stands and shall forever stand.
Two different juries of my own choice and
selection have passed upon the case and In
each Instance their verdict was one of guilty
of murder In the second degree. Yet the find
ings of both Juries have not made me guilty,
nor could any number of Juries make me eo.
In the sigh* of God and In my own sight I
know that I am innocent and I have- nothing
to fear. "As true as there is a God In heaven
and as I hope for mercy at his hands, there
has been a serious mistake made, and I am
being- sent to Folsom prison not a criminal, but
a victim. Still, I have not abandoned hope,
and I shall continue, with all the courage of
Innocence, to battle for the freedom that 1
hav« 60 mlstakedly and unjustly been de
prived of.
All Is hard, but the hardest of all Is the
sorrow that my misfortune has wrought upon
the heads of my friends and those dear to me.
and the leaving of my old father broken
hearted and alone.
To my many friends I wish to express my
deepest gratitude and appreciation, and for you
all there shall always be a warm spot In my
heart.
For those whose pride of opinion and preju
dice Is enlisted against me. for -the District
Attorney who has prosecuted me. for the Judges
and juries who have passed upon the case, and
for the witnesses who have rendered testi
mony against me, I have not the slightest
feeling c* animosity or 111 will, bearing for
them each and all nothing but the best of good
wishes.
For my attorney, Mr. Carl E. Lindsay, I
cannot find words with which to express my
gratitude and praise for the able and vigorous
defense he made in my behalf. No attorney
wasypver more faithful and loyal to a client
than has .been Mr. Lindsay to me.
The angels bear me witness. I will say good,
by, remaining still a man and not a murderer.
WOMAN'S CAUSE
IS EULOGIZED
National Suffrage Association
Adopts Report of Committee
on Resolutions and Adjourns
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— In to-day's
session of the National American Wo
man Suffrage Association the report
of the committee on resolutions, which
was adopted, was presented by Henry
P. Blackwell of Massachusetts. The
resolutions reiterated loyalty to Amer
ican independence, irrespective of sex,
asked for equal suffrage for mothers,
not only for the sake of the State, but
for the home; demanded that marriage
should be considered a partnership, In
which the women should have a share
in the guardianship and control of
children; rejoiced in the enfranchise
ment of the women of Australia; de
clared that suffrage is no longer an
academic question in Great Britain,
Ireland, Australia and in 300 square
miles of the United States; declared
that the women of the entire Union are
as Intelligent as are those in the places
where suffrage is granted and there
fore demanded this right for all wo
men; thanked Congress and Mrs.
Roosevelt and others for courtesies
during the convention.
The convention also' adopted resolu
tions sanctioning the bill introduced in
Congress by former Representative
Shafroth of Colorado establishing a
national board to protect children and
animals; calling for the Indorsement of
an Internal peace congress, general ar
bitration treaties between the United
States and all nations and declaring
for a study of militarism, "since it is a
menace to the republic, with a view to
obtaining universal peace."
These additional resolutions were
made a part of the report of the com
mittee.
A public meeting to-night brought
the convention to a close. Addresses
were made by Mrs. J. Eljen Foster and
Rev. Anna H. Shaw. Miss Susan B.
Anthony was introduced to the audi
ence and she In turn presented Miss
Clara Barto*n of the Red Cross Society,
who spoke briefly.
SOUTHERN REPUBLICAN
REFORMERS NAME TICKET
"Lily White" Element of Louisiana
Holds Convention and Makes
Nominations. """•: -
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 17. — The Re
publican State convention, composed
of what is known as the "lily white"
element,, adopted a platform and nom
inated a full State ticket here to-day.
Every parish In the State Is represent
ed, but there were no negro dele
sates.
The platform adopted Is largely de
voted to State affairs. The supremacy
of the Caucasian race is asserted. The
convention indorsed the administra
tion of President Roosevelt and
pledges its support for his re-election.
Former Mayor W. J. Behan Is the
candidate for Governor.
The faction of the Republicans here
which made the nominations to-day
is in control of the Federal offices.
The other faction receives the support of
the negro vote, and is expected to put
out a ticket in the April election. It
will also send, delegates to Chicago.
Landslides Delay Trains.
ASHLAND, Or., Feb. 17.— The
blockade of the Southern Pacific Rail
road between here and Dunsmuir, Cal.,
continues. Additional slides have made
the work of clearing the tracks more
difficult. Seven passenger trains arid a
number of freight trains are held on
either side of the troubled section.
STORM RAISES
FARMERS' FEARS
Dairymen Near Eureka Expect
Recent Rain to Cause Over
flow of Rivers and Streams
LANDSLIDES OCCUR OFTEN
Downpour Blockades Travel on
Scotia Railroad and Almost
Causes Death of Two People
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Feb. 17.— As the result of
the storm that has been raging since
Sunday all the rivers and streams in
this county are bank full and serious
damage to the rich' dairy lands along
their banks is feared. j
It has been a warm rain, causing the
s^ow in the mountains to melt, and the
rivers have risen rapidly. Sunday,
night Eel River at Fortuna rose six
feet and the rise yesterday was at the
rate of six inches an hour.
The town of Ferndale is completely
isolated.- The telegraph and telephone
wires running across the river are
down and the small boat used to con
vey passengers across Eel. River when
It is too high to ferry is; not in com
mission because of the danger from
driftwood in the river. .
Travel on the Scotia Railroad is
blockaded by bad landslides. One slide
carried two persons, a man and a wo
man, over the roadbed to the edge of
Eel River. The man.^ Ed Greenlaw,
when dug out of the * soft, dirt was
found to be uninjured. The woman,
who was Miss Mary Duncan, is badly
hurt, it is feared, internally. They had
attempted after leaving the train at
Alton to walk around a dangerous
bluff, where a slide had already taken
place. They were struck by another
slide and carried to the edge of the
river.
Reports equally bad come. from the
streams north of Eureka. Mad River
is extremely high. Many families
have left their homes for fear of being
carried to sea during the night.
The great daniage will be' done' when
the rivers begin to . recede, carrying
away the soft rich soil of the farms
along the banks. N
JACINTO HAS NARROW ESCAPE.
Town Near Williams, on Sacramento
River, Suffers From Storms.
WILLIAMS, Feb. 17.— At Jacinto, a
small place on the west bank of the
Sacramento River, fourteen miles
west of here, the water overflowed the
banks this morning- The water is
knee deep and a levee had to be con
structed to keep the water from flood
ing the hotel. The river road for a
mile down from Jacinto is flooded.
No damage has been done, and as the
water is falling in the river none . is
anticipated.
DR. DUDLEY/ TAIT WEDS
A BELLE OF SAN JOSE
Miss Carrie Cozzens Becomes the Wife
"of a San Francisco
Physician.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 17.— Dr. Dudley Tait,
a prominent physician of San Fran
cisco, was married to Miss Carrie Coz
zens at Trinity Episcopal Church this
afternoon. The bride is the pretty and
accomplished daughter of George W.
Cozzens, a capitalist arid president of
the San Jose Water Company. She is
popular in the upper society circles of
the city. Because of the death recent
ly of a brother of the groom, the cere
mony was a quiet one. Rev. / Dr.
Gresham performed the ceremony. A
reception 'at the Vendome Hotel fol
lowed. This evening Dr. and Mrs. Tait
left for Los Angeles, where several
weeks of the honeymoon will be spent.
On their return from Los Angeles the
couple will make their home at 1054
Post street, San Francisco. Irf a month
or six weeks Dr. Tait and bride will
make an extended European tour.
MASKED fflGHWAYMAX
ROBS SACRAMENTO SALOOX
Holds Up Half Dozen 3Ien at Point of
a Pistol and Then Rifles the
Cash Register.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— A masked
highwayman entered the El Capitan
saloon, on one of the principal streets,
at 1 o'clock this morning and held up
at the point of a pistol the half dozen
men in the saloon, including the bar
keeper. He commanded the latter to
deliver over the contents of the cash
register, some $30, and a gold watch,
and then rejoined a confederate out
side. Both men escaped. This is the
second case of the kind within twenty
four hours, James > McCourt's saloon
being the sufferer in "'the "first instance
to the extent of somcPfSO.!"
OAKLAND SUICIDE fSEEKS
DEATH IX SAX .JOSE
Man Gave His ; Name as Samuel L.
Britt and Said He was From
Chicago.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 17.— The unknown
man who committed suicide at Oak
land yesterday is believed to be the
man who attempted to asphyxiate him
self here Monday, night. He gave his
name as Samuel L. Britt and said he
was recently from Chicago. , He had
written a letter similar to the. one found
in Oakland. He explained his suicidal
effort by . saying his funds were ex
"hausted; that* he had never labored
and did not know how to earn a liv
ing.
Denman Thompson's Farewell Tour.
Old friends are always welcome,
therefore a great" many of our theater
goers will, be glad to hear that Den
man Thompson and his famous New
England drama, v"The Old Home
stead," will include this city in the
limited and farewell tour now being
made. "The Old Homestead" is now
nearly a 'score of 'years old and Den
man Thompson, is coming here for the
last time, appearing at the Columbia
Theater for the two weeks commenc
ing with next Monday night. There is
little new that can be said of this cel
ebrated author-actor; or his home
spun drama, 'its lines, its situations
and its climaxes being as familiar as
the stories -of our childhood. Seats
for "The Old Homestead" are now; on
sale. at the, box office of the Columbia.
AIDS HUSBAND
BY CLEVER RUSE
Officers Are Deceived by Dum
my Letter and Offender
Escapes With His Family
WANTED IN SANTA CRUZ
Is Accused of Embezzlement,
but Eludes the Authorities
Until He Reaches Washington
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OLTMPIA, Wash.. Feb. 17.— After
having been under police surveillance
in this city for a month past, Mrs. Al
bertina Douglas yesterday assisted her
husband to escape the local authorities
only to fall into the hands of the police
of Tacoma, who apprehended Douglas
on telegraphic advice from Sheriff Mc-
Clarty of this county! Douglas is
wanted at Santa Cruz, California, for
embezzlement of $500 from a woman of
that city, which he obtained on a pre
tense of forming a partnership to go
in the candy business. Douglas left for
parts unknown' when he was given the
money to go to San Francisco to "buy
the stock. He was apprehended once
before at Modoc, California, but es
caped through the kind-heartedness of
a constable, who.permitted him to visit
his wffe, who, he claimed, was ill at
the hotel. Douglas' wife has been here
for a month past, accompanied by
three children, two girls of 10 and 12
and a baby of one year. She is de
scribed as a sad-faced pretty woman,
apparently of refinement. Some one. It
is believed to have been Mrs. Douglas,
sent a dummy letter to Chehalis ad
dressed to Douglas, alias O. V. Heller,
and while the authorities were watch
ing for his appearance he slipped Into
Olympla, joined his wife and children
and left on the boat for Tacoma. An
hour later the tip of their departure
came, too late to arrest him here, but
Douglas was taken from the boat' and
is now in the Tacoma Jail. His wife is
held pending an investigation.
LOWENBERG TEA
ON SATURDAY FOR
CLUBHOUSE
By Sally Sharp.
Now that the Mardi Gras Is a thing
of the past, charity, or rather its no
blest counterpart, philanthropy, is fill
ing our penitent breasts. Lent is es
sentially a time of well doing; hence
forth the righteousness of the tea at
the hospitable home qt Mrs. Isidor
Lowenberg, 1950 Sacramento street, on
Saturday next, when many society
maids and matrons will sing and play
sweet music for the benefit of the sailor
laddies. - The affair is under the aus
pices of the Red Cross Society and is
to be liberally patronized by the smart
setj
The entrance fee Is fixed at $1, which
will entitle the bearer to a cup of tea —
club tea perhaps, which, by the way,
is not always so exceeding enemic as
men folk might allege.
The programme to be presented Is
to be in the nature of a Cafe Chantant
surprise. Many stunts will be on the
cards that the generous hostess has not
given forth. So those who love clever
ness, likewise those who love their
country and, incidentally, her gallant
defenders, let them rally to the sup
port of the_ movement now afoot for
the materialization of the clubhouse
for the United States naval cadets. The
house at Vallejo is already builded, but
not paid for, and accessories in the
way of furniture are sorely needed,
hence the public appeal. to the State's
patriotism.
The Red Cross Society, foremost in
the philanthropic" work of the State,
has taken up the issue with both shoul
ders, henoe the generous offer of Mrs.
Lowenberg of her beautiful home for
the affair of Saturday. "Who's going?"
"Who's not" would be 'more readily
answered.
The following ladies are selling tick
ets for the affair: Miss Anna Beaver,
1300 Taylor street, who has general
charge of the tickets of admission; Mrs.
J. G. Clark, 2710 Filbert street: Mrs. E.
S. Breyfogle, Palace Hotel; Mrs. John
R. Loosley, 1160 Page street; Mrs.
Charles W. Slack, 2224 Sacramento
street; Mrs. F. G. Sanborn. 1020 Dolores
street: Mrs. W. B. Harrington, 2321
Jackson street; Mrs. J. B. Rawles, Ho
tel Cumberland; Mrs. James W. Elder,
3402 Clay street; Mrs. Mary A. Foster,
Hotel Pendleton; Mrs. Jerome Madden,
1322 Jackson street: Mrs. J. M. de
Greayer, St. Dunstan; Mrs. W. R.
Smedberg, 1611 Larkin street; Mrs. E.
B. Young, 2530 Pine street; Mrs.
Thomas G. Taylor, 1911 Pine street;
Mrs. Louis SIoss, 1500 Van Ness ave
nue; Mrs. A. S. Hubbard, 2329 Bush
street;, Mrs. George H. Buckingham,
2650 Scott street; Mrs. JL.. L. Dunbar,
1724 Fell street; Mrs. William P. Shaw,
Jackson and Van Ness, and Mrs. Ar
thur Cornwall.
The following ladies and gentlemen
are invited to receive with the Execu
tive Red Cross Board at the tea, the
hours from 3 to 5:
General and Mrs. MacArthur, Colo
nel and' Mrs. Morris, Admiral and Mrs.
Whiting, 'Admiral and Mrs. McCalla,
General Shafter, Major/and Mrs. Ken
dall, Mrs. G. E. Hanscomb; Mrs. F. W.
Garham, president of the Women's
Improvement Club, Vallejo; Mrs. Louis
Sloss, Colonel and^ Mrs." Girard, Ad
miral and Mrs. Merrill Miller, Admiral
and Mrs. Trilley, Admiral and Mrs.
Glass, Mrs. Belton, Mrs. Curl, Mrs.
Brice, Mrs. W. S. Hughes, Mrs. Pond,
Mrs.* Frazier," Mrs. Page, Mrs.'Wood
bury, Mrs. Young, Mrs. Reginald K.
Smith, Mrs.: Perry, Mrs. Miles, Mrs. S.
Drake, Mrs. Harry Hunter; Mrs. J. G.
Clarke, Mrs. I.* Lowenberg. Mrs. O.
Hubbard. Major and Mrs. Devol, Colo
nel and Mrs. Rawles. Colonel and Mrs.
Andrews, and Mrs. W. B. Harrington,
president of the State Red Cross So^
-The Outdoor Art League will hold its
regular open meeting - In ; the rooms of
the Sorosis Club,, 1620 California street,
on Monday, the 22d, at 3 o'clock.
STOCKTON, Feb. 17.— Confederate bills- of
$10 ■" and $5 denomination are being . passed
around. *- town, v Three were presented 'at "one
bank this morning and quite a number of them
we in circulation. , - - -• —^_____
:.j£":
1 DAINTY WOMENDREAD CATARRH j
; Hacking, Spitting, Coughing, Sneezing, and All Other \
:: Disagreeable Symptoms of Nasal Catarrh Cured I
; Promptly and Permanently by Peruna. ±
MRS. ANDREW THORBORN. ♦
■ ••»••»■» »««»»••• ••♦»»»»»»•»•>•• •••••>»••»»•• •»•»••■
Mrs. Andrew Thorborn, 86 W. Mohawk street, Buffalo, X. T., President West
Side Study Club, writes:
"/ want to give credit where it is due. I was a great sufferer from
catarrh of the nose, and although I tried many remedies, the only one
that gave me more than temporary relief was Peruna. I was very miserable,
my nostrils were obstructed, my sense of smell affected, my breath very
offensive, and the dropping from the back of my nose often causing nausea.
I took Peruna for four months and the disease was completely effaced.
My physician tells me that there is no doubt that I am permanently cured.
I concur with him in the matter, for it is over a year since I quit taking
Peruna and I have not had a single symptom of the recurrence of the
disease." — Mrs. Andrew Thorborn.
Annoying Catarrh Of the Head Cured, ble, which *I had been vainly tryinj? to
Miss Pauline Armstrong. 1328 Cutter cure - You have a grand medicine In P«-
street. Cincinnati. O., Financial Secre- runa and it !s well worthy of praise. '—
tary Royal Templars of Temperance, Miss Pauline Armstrong,
writes* Whatever form the catarrh may hav»
"\i»" h..j v.*.* », b ,,h^ ~~ r^y «r,™,» assumed; whatever symptoms it may
My head had troubled m« for some have produced: whatever damage it has
months and I was much annoyed to nna accomplished. Peruna is the only hope,
that the many douches and medicines I the only cure.
took did not break up the catarrh. I no- Peruna cures all cases of chronic ca-
ticed your ads in the papers and thought tarrh promptly and permanently. Thera
perhaps Peruna would help me get rid of ™$ and satisfac-
this catarrh. A few doses certainly re- tory results from the use of Peruna.
lieved me and 1 began to breathe v/rite at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
through my nose, and soon I did not have full statement of your case and he will
to spend a half hour every morning try- pl * a af£ *° SU * y ° U h ' S valuable ad "
ing to clear my head. You cannot lm- Address ' Dr. Hartman. President of
agine how pleased I was to Hnd at the The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus,
end of three weeks I was rid of my trou- Ohio.
Think Greek Was Murdered.
STOCKTON, Feb. 17. — Athnasis
Papdacos, a Greek, who has been con
ducting an oyster house in this city
for some time, has disappeared and
his friends believe that v he has been
murdered. \Vhen\. last seen he was
counting up his cash at 4:30 o'clock
"Monday morning:. It is thought that
he was waylaid on his way home,
robbed and thrown into Mormon
Channel, which was running bank full.
Kingham Will Succeed Milne.
VICTORIA, B. C., Feb. 17. — On ex
cellent authority 'it is learned that
Joshua Kingham, local agent of the
Western Fuel Company of Xanaimo,
will succeed the late R. Milne. K. C.
M. G., as collector of the custom? of
the port of Victoria. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sMslsMswMs«Hsasai^l^HHs^-aswaBsai^HHsai^»^I^IMMawflsaHMH»flsSwMHMV«
' \ - -- " " •■ ■ ■ ' "* •
Underwear for
Spring W ear
We place on sale to-day some underwear of
medium weight, which is all that remains in a
certain line of our winter stock. We wish to
close these goods out.
The underwear is made of lamb's wool; it
will not scratch or irritate the skin in the least, as
the finish is soft and fleecy," thus insuring comfort.
The colors are nut brown, blue, tan and
black. The colors will stand the severest treat-
ment of laundries.
The usual price for this underwear is S2.00
and $250 a suit. The sale price is
i 1 A H w
Out-of-town orders filled — write us
740 Market Street
Fear for Safety of a French Bark.
ASTORIA, Or., Feb. 17.— Great con
cern is felt in local shipping circles for
the French bark La Bruyere, which
departed January 15 from Port Los
Angeles, Cal.. for Astoria and has not
yet put in an appearance. The British
bark Thistjebank. which arrived to
day, made the trip in thirteen day3
and La Bruyere should have been
here February 1 with ordinary luck.
Fear is felt that she may have met
with disaster.
Light Sentence for a Burglar.
SAN MATEO. Feb. 17. — James
Thomas, who robbed Richard Camp
bell's saloon last Saturday morning,
was sentenced by Judge Buck yester
day to two years in Folsom peniten
tiary. .'
34
RUSSIAN SHIPS DAMAGED IN ATTACK BY TORPEDOES
Alexiefi Will Strike No Blow Until
Russian Mobilization Has
Been Completed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 17.— The
rigid censorship imposed here upon all
news from the Far East completely
masks the movements of Russian
tr>.<ipst and the plans of those in com
mand: but what is !>eins done is evi
dently satisfactory to the authorities
here, as they manifest the utmost con
fidence that when the proper time ar
rives the enemy will be crushed. They
eay that the preliminary sea victories
of the Japanese srfil then be sp'eedi'.y
forgrottfjL
llussia was taken unawares at the
outset and some little time will be re
quired to complete the mobliration of
Russian troops. There will be no dis-
Y-csition to meet the evident wish of
the Japanese to rush matters to a de
cision. "Russia ran ailortl to wait," is
a common expression here, and time
and patience alwavs have been strong
allies of the emjjire of the north.
At Port Arthur to-day the ther
mometer registered two degrees below
cero. The concentration of Russian
troops will proceed as rapidly as pos
cible. but it is fair to assume that
Viceroy Aleiieff vn\\ not take the ag
gressive until h? feeis certain of his
ability to administer a decisive defeat.
Therefore, in spite of the extensive
landing operations of the Japanese in
Korea, an important land fight is not
considered here to be imminent, al
though it is believed that the passage
of the Yalu River by the Japanese will
be disputed.
TKOOPS nrRRY EASTWARD.
It is reported in St. Petersburg that
Viceroy AlexietTs headquarters may be
changed to Moukden, which would be
nearer the center of military activity.
but this is not certain.
In the meantime troops are constant
ly going to the front from all parts of
Russia and some distinguished officers
In the service of the Czar are leaving
for the Far East. These include Gen
eral Zhilinsky, who is to succeed Major
General Pflug as chief of staff to
Viceroy Aiexieff; General Laipanoff.
Governor of Sakhalin Island in the
Pacific, and General Tserpiysky.
General von Sosenkamha has been
appointed to command the Trans-
Baikal cavalry, which was reported as
going cut under Prince Louis Napoleon.
The various societies throughout Rus
sia interested in the Red Cross move
ment are showing remarkable activitj',
and. Judging from the preparations
which are being made for the sick and
wounded, the war is expected to be a
Ions and bloody one.
The report of a massacre of Jews
near Kieff is denied by the Minister of
the Interior and the press is authorized
to 5ay that the affair was confined to
theinfliction of slight injury upon three
Jews. Last Monday, while a crowd
was indulging in'a patriotic demonstra
tion at Kieff, some Hebrews began
shouting. "Down with the Czar," and
the crowd promptly punished the cul
prits, who were rescued from a worse
fate by the timely arrival of the police.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO HAY.
Russia's reply to Secretary Hay's
note on China probably will be made in
a few days. It will acquiesce in prin
ciple, but with certain reservations re
garding Chinese administrative control
over the regions in Manchuria leased
to Russia or covered by the Chinese
Kastc-rn Railroad, in. order to safeguard
existing Russian interests. When the
note was first dispatched to the powers
the authorities here undeniably were
disposed to view it, with suspicion, and,
therefore, its reception by the other
Cabinets was awaited with keen inter
est. As the Russian authorities have
obtained the views *f the European
chancellories and, have seen the friend
ly reception given to the note, even by
Russia's ally, the fear that it "might
contain a hidden pitfall for" Russia be
gan to disappear. The Russian author
ities have now been made acquainted
■with the replies of the remaining pow
ers, including that of Japan, and it has
now practically been decided to give
adherence in principle.
Russia explained that she was as
anxious as the other powers to prevent
disorders in China and to preserve Its
integrity, but that, owing to Russia's
especial interests in Manchuria, diffi
culties were presented. Her railroad
must be protected, and Russia would
make a reservation on this point The
Government did not desire her position
in this respect to be misunderstood
hereafter and for this reason her words
ivould be explicit and not equivocal.
Russia has not yet given permission
for any military attaches to Join the
Russian army in the field. Requests
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
STUBBORN
COLDS
For obstinate colds,
fingering coughs and
persistent bronchitis
Scott's Emulsion is a
standard remedy and
a reliable cure. You
can feel the good
effects of even a small
bottle. Easy to take.
have been received from all the powers,
Including the United States, and It Is
understood that Viceroy Alexieff, to
whom the question was referred, would
prefer that foreign attaches should not
join in the Russian field operations un
til March, explaining- that, owing to the
unexpected suddenness of the outbreak
of hostilities it is difficult to make ar
rangements for . their comfortable ac
commodations, especially during the
severe weather.
GOJvS TO SUCCEED STARK.
The departure of Vice Admiral Mak
aroff to take the place of Vice Admiral
Stark in command of the Russian fleet
at Port Arthur was marked by impres
sive ceremonies. The admiral went to
the Church of St. Andrew and there
took the sacrament at the hands of
Father John. An hour later a great
crowd of school children, naval officers,
literary men, ordinary citizens and two
choirs assembled before Admiral Mak
arofTs house. There was a scene of
great enthusiasm, the crowd cheering
and singing:, after which the leading
officers and citizens entered and a sol
emn religious service was held. The
admiral, in a speech, thanked the
naval officers for their good wishes. He
said:
"There is warm work out there. They
■want men. so I am going. "We have
got to stand by each other now."
The admiral took a large staff w|th
him, including engineers, naval archi
tects and others.
The Grand Duke Cyril (grandson of
Grand Duke Vladimir, uncle of the
Czar), who visited the United States a
few years ago, is leaving for the Far
East. He is a lieutenant in the navy.
His brother, Grand Duke Boris, will be
with the army at the front-
Contracts for work amounting- to
$20,000,000 placed this year have been
postponed owing to the war.
GEJiMAN ADHIEALTY
PAMPHLET REVIEWS
KUSSIAX BLUNDERS
BERLIN, Feb. 17. — The German Ad
miralty discredits the reports that the
Japanese fired on the German gun
boats' Hansa, Thetis or any other Ger
man war vessel in Far Eastern waters.
The Hansa Is at Tsingtau and the The
tJs at Chefu. The regular reports of
their movements to the admiralty
make no mention of such an incident.
If it occurred it is assumed to have
been an excusable mistake.
The Marine Rundschau, the semi-offi
cial publication of the Admiralty, has
issued the first of a series of pamphlets
designed to keep German naval officers
informed as to what is occurring in the
FarV East and the meaning thereof.
After reciting the preparations on both
sides and giving official estimates of
the strength of the fleets, the Marine
Rundschau says:
"The Russians fired the first shot
from the Korietz, doubtless because the
Japanese torpedo-boats were creeping
near. The Russian Port Arthur squad
ron relied too much on protective nets
and obviously was surprised. The
commander made a serious blunder in
having two ships at Chemulpo and one
at Chefu, separated from the main
body. If these ships were sent to ob
serve the Japanese they did it badly.
"When the Japanese squadron with
drew (from Pprt Arthur) on February
10, the Russians ought to have followed
and kept in touch with it by means of
swift scouts, as the Russian command
er is now Ignorant of where it went. '
"The conduct of the Russian ships in
retiring to cover In the inner harbor in
dicates that they will not again engage
the enemy at sea. In the harbor many
of the Russian guns will not be effect
ive."
ALEXIEFF APPEALS
TO THE PATRIOTISM
OF RUSSIAN FORCES
PORT ARTHUR, Tuesday, Feb. 16.—
The text of the order of the day issued
to the troops by Admiral Alexieff to
day follows:
"A heroic army and fleet have been
intrusted to me by his Majesty the
Emperor, and now, when the eyes of
the Czar of Russia and of the world
are upon us, we must remember that
It Is our sacred duty to protect the
Czar and the fatherland. Russia is
great and powerful and If our foe is
strong this must give us additional
strength and power to fight him. The
spirit of the Russian soldiers and sail
ors Is high. Our army and navy know
many renowned names which must in
this hour serve as an example to us.
Our God, who has always upheld the
cause that is just, Is doing so now.
Let us unite for the coming struggle;
let every man be of tranquil mind in
order the better to fulfill his, duty,
trusting in the help of the Almighty,
and let every man perform his task,
remembering that prayer to God and
service to the Emperor are never
wasted.
"Long live the Emperor and the
fatherland! God be with us! Hurrah!"
Troops are arriving here continuous
ly and the mobilization of the forces
is making excellent progress. The for
tress is now thoroughly prepared to
withstand a siege and is regarded as
unaccessible.
General Stoessel has issued a reas
suring proclamation to, the population.
Finns Slay Rise Against Russia.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 17.—
Matti Kurrikki, head of the Labor
party in Finland, is in Vancouver and
rays that if Finland is supplied with
munitions of war it will rise in a body
and- attack Russia, thus aiding the
Japanese in their present struggle. "
Russia's Baltic Ships En Route.
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 17.— A dis
patch has been received here from
Wisby, island of Gothland, saying that
six Russian warships passed the island
on February 15, going southward.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18; 1904.
COMMANDER OF THE RUSSIAN GUNBOAT KOREITZ. WHO BLEW . UP HIS OWN SHIP AFTER PERMIT
TING THE CREW TO ESCAPE, AND THE OFFICER IN CHARGE OF THE VICTORIOUS JAPANESE
FLEET IN THE NAVAL BATTLE OFF THE HARBOR .OF CHEMULPO.
■ i - - • t '■ ' \
CALL'S EPITOME OF THE WAR NEWS.
Details of the torpedo attack on Port Arthur on February 14 showed that only two
Japanese destroyers were engaged. They attacked separately in the face of a sharp fire. Dis
patches say that a Russian guardship and warship were torpedoed. Admiral/Togo reported
the damage unknown, but that a warship, it was believed, had been destroyed.
Eight transports, bearing ■ 36,600 men, were reported in a Tokio dispatch to have left
Japan for a point oh the ■western coast of Korea.
General Pflug reported that scouts along the Yalu had found no trace 4 of an invading
force. --,..- '«•-•■• '
A dispatch from Sasebo, dated yesterday, said that news of Russian war vessels leaving
Port Arthur had been received, and that it was presumed that a third engagement had taken
place.
Three thousand Russian troops are crossing Lake Baikal daily to reinforce the Man
churian armv.
Japan Sending Quarter of Million Men
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
portant movements of Japanese troops
yet made was occurring to-day. One
of the main branches of the army, con
sisting of three divisions and including
a division of guards, was going on
board transports. The previous land
ings of Japanese forces in Korea and
elsewhere are said to have been small
compared with this simultaneous sail
ing of three divisions, aggregating ap
proximately an army of 30,000 to 50,
000 men. The Japanese authorities, it
is added, have taken every precaution
to prevent information going out con
cerning the embarkation and the des
tination of this army. It Is believed
that the destination of this force is a
point near the mouth of the Yalu
River— a spot on the Liaotiing Penin
sula, flanking Port Arthur.
Another official dispatch says a Jap
anese transport has been sighted off a
town south of the Yalu River. It is"
added that • it is not connected with
the embarkation of the three divisions
referred to, but is considered to be a
confirmation of the reports that the
town off which the transport was seen
Is to be one of the bases of the land
operations of the Japanese.
TOKIO, Feb. 17.— Eight transports
with Japanese troops from Nagasaki
and several additional vessels carrying
•war munitions are on their way to
the west coast of Korea. Detachments
of Japanese cavalry have already land
ed at Wiju, on the Yalu River.
CABLES ARE CLOSED
; TO THE PUBLIC FOR
INDEFINITE PERIOD
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Western
Union Cable Company has received ad
vices from the Russian Government to
the effect that Vladivostok-Nagasaki
cables are closed for an indefinite pe
riod to correspondence of every nature.
Some days ago it was announced that
these cables had been closed tempo
rarily to public correspondence.
The Commercial Cable Company has
received the following notice:
■ "The Dutch East Indian Administra
tion announces that, by virtue of arti
cle 8 of the St. Petersburg convention,
cablegrams containing matter not in
telligible to the Dutch Administration
or matter relating to the movements of
ships or troops which would be in , the
interest of a belligerent power, Russia
or Japan; will not be accepted until
further notice by the : Sabarig, Kotai
Radja and Olehleh offices./, ;'.;:
"Telegrams in code language, pre
pared from commercial codes, may be
admitted on condition that the code
used is furnished to the postal officials."
CONTRIBUTIONS ADI)
TO THE AVAR FUND OF
CZAR'S GOVERNMENT
MOSCQW, Feb. 17.— Prince Galltzin
has donated $5000 toward the construc
tion of a fast cruiser. Count Orloffdaz
off has contributed $1000 and a private
concern has given $250,000 for the suc
cor of the sick and wounded.
RIGA, Russia, F,eb. 17.— A patriotic
demonstration was held here ' to-day
and the municipality voted $5000 for
Red Cross work. Two hundred hospi
tal beds are being fitted out here.
RIASAN, European Russia, Feb. 17.
— A great patriotic demonstration was
held here to-day. A picture of the
Czar was carried at the head of the
procession, amid a mass of Bengal fire.
KIEFF, Feb. 17.— The Board of Trade
has voted $5000 for Red Cross work.
TAMBOFP, Russia, Feb. 17.— The
city has voted $5000 toward meeting the
expenses of the war.
FRANCE /PREPARING
FOR EVENTUALITIES
■ iIN ; INDIO-CHINA
PARIS, Feb. 17.— Marine Minister
Pelletan has written to Deputy de
l'Oncle (Rep.), representing French
Cochln-China, denying the reported
shortage of coal for the French fleets,
and adding that measures had been
adopted to protect French Indo-China
against a sudden attack and to pre
pare for all eventualities growing out
of, the present situation.
The Figaro to-day published a dis
patch from Angouleme, announcing
that the bommanders of the army corps
had received orders from the Minister
of War prescribing certain, measures
In case of the eventual mobilization
of the active army. Officers and non
commissioned officers on leave have
been requested to return to their regi
ments. ■ *&%■%'*%: - ■''i;.;r- i
BOMB IS HURLED
AT PRIESTS DURING
RELIGIOUS SERVICE
BAKU/ ' Russian Trans-Caucusus,
Monday, Feb. 15.— During a patriotic
service in the Armenian church here
to-day, just after the clergy had ended
th« chanting, of a Te. Deum and a
prayer for the success of the Russian
arms, a bomb was thrown at the offi
ciating priests. Two persons were killed
and several were injured. Af ter^the
excitement had been allayed the con
gregation marched in procession to the
residence of the Governor, carrying the
Czar's portrait, and presented the Goy-
ernor with a patriotic* address and $500
for the families of the victims of the
outrage.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP
WITH PASSENGERS AND
• BULLION CAPTURED
TIENTSIN, Feb. 17.— The Russians
explain that the wholesale arrest of
Japanese at Harbin and elsewhere was
due to the discovery that the Japanese
had In those districts upward of a hun
dred spies, of whom sixty belonged to
the Japanese general staff.
It is expected that the British steam
ship Hsiping. bound from Chinwangtao
for Shanghai with passengers and bul
lion, has been captured. . She is five
days overdue and was last seen in Port
Arthur roads. »
Price of Florur Advancing.
VANCOUVER, B. C>, Feb. 17. —
FJour has again advanced In price.
The last jump recorded was 15 cents
per barrel. To-day another advance
of 10 cents is announced by local deal
ers, making a total advance of 25
cents In ten days. Local dealers ex
pect a further rise. The cause is the
great demand occasioned by the hos
tilities between Japan and Russia.
Since no embargo has been placed
upon flour and "foodstuffs by either
belligerent, dealers believe there will
be increased and constant movements
of flour to" the Far East.
American Nurses for Japan's Army,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— The Jap
anese Minister has received a cable
message from his Government accept
ing the offer made by Dr. Anita New
comb McGee of Washington, D. C, to
take to Japan a party of trained nurses
who have seen field service In the
camps and hospitals of the United
States army. No one is eligible to join
the party except graduate women
nurses who have been in the army.
The first party will sail early in March,
Admiral Delivers Funeral Oration.
SASEBO, Japan, Wednesday, Feb.
17.— Impressive funeral services were
held here to-day over the bodies of
three officers and two men of the Jap
anese battleship Fuji, who were killed
by^ theRusian fire during the first at
tack on Port Arthur. The religious
ceremonies were conducted by a Shinto
priest and the funeral oration was de
livered by Admiral Samewi. ■
Frau Krupp's Generous Donations.
BERLIN, Feb. 117. — Frau Krupp ob
served the birthday of her late hus
band by giving 126 each to 2000 work
men who had been twenty-five years
in the service of the_ company and by
donating $125,000 to the workmen's
hospital. ij*
Jut Arrives at Chefu With Men
Wounded in Third Purt
Arthur Battle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEFUi Feb. 17.— A junk laden with
wounded • men, including thlrty-slx
Japanese from the engagement on Feb
ruary 14 at Port Arthur, has arrived
here. She reports that other wounded
had been picked up by Chinese junks,
but the number is unknown.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— A dispatch to the
St. James Gazette from Kobe, Japan,
in reporting the Japanese naval attack
on Port Arthur on February 14, says
the Russian guardship In the harbor
and another Russian warship lying
outside the harbor were torpedoed and
that the Japanese retired without sus
taining any injury.
The correspondent at Toklo of the
Standard reports "two battleships were
destroyed in this attack, while the cor
respondent at Tientsin of the Standard
says, under date of February 17, that
a private dispatch from Port Arthur
brings the statement that the Russian
squadron has again put to sea.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— Confirmation of
the report that two Russian warships
were torpedoed In the attack by Jap
anese torpedo boats upon the Russian
fleet at Port Arthur early on Sunday
morning was received to-day by Shi
miza, Japanese Consul in Chicago. The
message, briefly describing the engage
ment, which came from the Govern
ment in Toklo, reads:
"The first fleet of torpedo destroyers
left for Port Arthur on February 13 In
spite of a heavy storm of wind and
snow. At 3 o'clock on the morning of
the 14th the- fleet attacked the Russian
ships and was fired upon, in spite of
which the destroyer Asakiri torpedoed
a Russian man of war and escaped
safely. At 5 o'clock the same morning
another destroyer, the Hayatori, went
close to the entrance of the port, where
two Russian warships were stationed.
One of them was torpedoed and a safe
return was made."
STORM SAVES THE RUSSIANS.
TOKIO, Feb. 17.— A heavy storm
spared the Russians from a desperate
torpedo attack at Port Arthur on the
morning of Sunday, the X4th inst. Dur
ing the preceding night the vessels of
the Japanese flotilla of torpedo craft
were parted by the force of the blind-
Ing snowstorm, so that only two- of the
larger destroyers succeeded in forcing
their way through the fierce gale to
Port Arthur. When they arrived there
they attacked separately and the offi
cers of one of them are confident that
they succeeded in torpedoing a Russian
warship.
The destroyer Asarglri, in charge of
Lieutenant Commander Ishlkaw, ar
rived off Port Arthur about 3 o'clock
in the morning and was met with a
sharp fire from the fortress and Rus
sian ships acting as scouts. The Asar
giri discharged several torpedoes at a
big warship, but the result is unknown.
A cannonade was opened upon the
scouting vessels and maintained until
they withdrew.
The destroyer Heyatory, Lieutenant
Commander Takenoucnl, arrived two
hours after the Asargiri and ran cloce
up to the mouth of the hafber, where
she found two warships, names un
known. She fired a torpedo at one and
the torpedo exploded.
Admiral Togo, in reporting the at
tack, says that, although the results
are unknown, he feels sure the moral
effect upon the enemy will be excel
lent. Commander Nagal commanded
the entire torpedo flotilla. The number
of the craft in the flotilla and the point
of their departure is concealed.
RUSSIAN ACCOUNT OF FIGHT.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 17.— A dis
patch received here from Port Arthur,
dated February 17, says that in the
action off that port on February 14 the
Russian volunteer fleet steamship
Kherson was struck by a 12-inch shell
in her upper works, A slight fire tiroke
out, which was quickly extinguished.
There was no loss of life.
TOKIO GOVERNMENT'S
RESPONSE TO NOTE
OF SECRETARY HAY
TOKIO, Wednesday, Feb. 17.— It is
stated on high authority that the Jap
anese Government, In responding
through United States Minister Gris
com to Secretary Hay's overtures,
agrees to the neutralization of China,
excluding Manchuria, which Russia Is
now occupying. Japan, it also Is said,
reserves the right to counterbalance
any action of Russia in violating
China's neutrality.
The Emperor, the Supreme Council
of War, the Privy Council and the ma
jority of the Cabinet probably will de
part on the 20th for Kyoto, where it
is planned to temporarily establish the
imperial headquarters. The date has
not yet been definitely decided. Later,
It is expected, the Emperor and coun
cil6rs will go to Hiroshima, where the
Emperor will personally watch the em
barkation of the troops.
KOREAN GOVERNMENT
OPENS PORT OF WIJU
TO WORLD'S TRADE
WASHINGTON, Feb. .17.— American
;*MInister Allen, at « Seoul, cables the
State Department that Wiju has been
declared open to the commerce of the
world by the Korean Government.
The United States was the first pow
er, so far as known, to apply to the
Korean Government for the opening of
Wiju to the world's trade. This action
was taken while Japan and England
were urging the opening of -Yongam
pho. lying at the mouth of the Yalu
River on the Korean side. The view
taken by the State Department waa
that if we could secure the Opening of
Wiju, 130 miles up the Yalu above Yon
gampho, the effcet would be to prac
tically open the whole stretch of that
river to commerce, so that the project
really was much larger than- the mere
opening of a port at the mouth of the
river. Wiju lies on the opposite aide of
the river and very near to Yangtung.
in Manchuria, which the Chinese Gov
ernment, by treaty with the United
States, has already declared to be an
open pnrt, although this has never
been admitted by Russia. It Is under
stood that the opening of Wiju is di
rectly attributable to Japanese ascend
ancy In Korea, for while the country
was under Russian influence Allen, the
American Minister, wai unable to in
duce the King: to open a single port In
addition to Chemulpo. It is probable
that th« State Department will at once
take stt-pa to have America represented
at Wiju by a consular or commercial
agent.
SPEAKS IX PRAISE
OF THE SYSTEMATIC
3IETHODS OF JAPAX
W. McC. Osborne. collector of cus
toms of the port cf Fusan, Kijrea, has
been a .guest at the Palace Hotel for
several days. He left the Orient about
two months ago owing to Ill-health
and after a three weeks* stay at St.
Helena he has returned to this city
to await the sailing of the next steamer
for the Orient. Osbc-rne has been in
the Orient for many years and was
formerly connected with the Chinese
customs service, being transferred to
Chemulpo as collector of customs dur
ing Chlna'8 suzerainty over Korea and
later was sent in a similar capac'ty to
Fusan. After th* Japanese-Chinese
war he entered the Korean customs
service and has since officiated at the
last named port. In discussing the
present war last evening Osborne said:
"We have known for more than two
years that Japan was looking forward
to war with Russia ana quietly pre
paring for an expected hard strife. At
Fusan the majority of the population
is Japanese by several thousand, the
foreign representatives numbering only
fifty or sixty. Japan has evidently set
tled on Fusan for a base. The harbor
Is a magnificent one. being able to shel
ter twenty or thirty men of war. The
Japanese have long maintained a gar
rison there of about 130 men under the
provisions of the Russian-Japanese
agreement, and some years ago Japan
also established a cc-alin? station there.
As far back as three years Japan.was
anticipating trouble with Russia • by
rushing through the railroad between
Seoul and the port of Fusan, a distance
of 270 miles. Constructive work was
begun at both ends and thirty miles
of road have already been built in the
two directions.
"In Fusan the sentiment of both the
Japanese and other foreigners Is natur
ally in favor of the little brown men,
whom- we have expected would readily
defeat the Russians on the sea and give
them a hard battle on land. We have
expected a long war, but at times we
have questioned Japan's ability to ul
timately hold her position.
"The cablegrams of this morning de
scribing Japan's transportation of large
bodies of troops by water is no surprise
to those who are acquainted with her
transport service as I am. I really be
lieve that she has the best service of
this character in the world. I had
plenty of opportunity to watch the
movements of her mighty army during
the war with China. I saw her trans
port 30,000 troops to Chemulpo without
a hitch. They were moved like clock
work and so quietly that they hardly
attracted attention. She has laid in
large quantities of supplies for her
army, has plenty of coal, ample con
struction and repair facilities for the
needs of her formidable navy and in
other respects is on a war footing never
before attained by any other nation In
such a short space of time."
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
it smis Aione.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
stands alone, as the one and only remedy
for leucorrhea, female weakness, pro-
lapsus, or falling of the womb, so abso-
lutely specific and sure in curing these
common ailments of women, as to war-
rant its makers in offering to pay, as
they hereby dp, the sum of 5500 reward
for a case of the above maladies which
they can not cure. Thta b a remarkable
offer. No other medicine for the Cure
of woman's peculiar ailments is backed
by such a remarkable guarantee. No
other medicine for woman's ills is pos-
sessed of the unparalleled curative pro-
perties that would warrant its makers
in publishing such an offer; no other rem-
edy has such a record of a third of a
century of cures on which to base such
a remarkable offer.
Miss Emma Welter, who is Secretary o( the
Younc People's Christian Association, at 181S
Madison Avenue. New York City, says : "Your
Favorite Prescription' is a boon to sick and
tired women, for n cures them when other med-
icines fail. I know whereof I speak, for I hare
had experience wtth it. For fourteen months I
had constant headaches; seemed too weak to
perform my daily duties, and when the day was
over X was too tired to steep wetS. I sarTerrd
from nervousness and indigestion, and every-
thing: I ate distressed me. Doctored with differ-
ent physicians but received no relief: After
reading one of your books I decided to *>e your
, F J£ O 7 te f7 SCT P tion ' a tri *'- Am 4Wy glad
X did. for I found it was just what I wantel. I
vSJ^T^T to j m P rov<? once and kept jrettimi
cured. I have remained m perfect health ever
11 6nn <Tieado£ yOUr :F "° r -
The dealer who offers a substitute for
Favonte Prescription" is only seeking
to make the little more profit afforded
by a less meritorious medicine. Hia
profit is your loss. Therefore, turn your
back on him as unworthy of your pat-
ronage.
J> ( 2>M«P»tei«e Dr. Pierce's Pleaa-
ant Pellets. They cure constipation.
5i lous nf*s and sick headache. They do
*** produce the « pill habit." 5
tt'OIUD'S DISPK2WAXY. MJEDICAX, A3-
sociatjon, Proprietors, Buffalo, H. Y. ■ARMY OF ALBANIANS IS BESIEGING TURKISH FORCE
Russian Troops Grossing Lake
Baikal at Rate ol Three
Thousand a Day.
LONDON. Feb. 18.— A telegram has
be?n received here frc-m Irkutsk, dated
February IT. saying that the first de
tachment of Russian troops has started
from there for Port Arthur.
In a dispatch from Vienna the cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle re
peats the rumor to the effect that
Count Cassini. Russian Embassador at
Washington, is to be recalled for fail
ure to keep his Government properly
Informed of the state of feeling in the
United States.
PARIS, Feb. 17.— In a dispatch from
Harbin, Manchuria, a correspondent of
the Matin Kays the Manchurian news
papers publish a manifesto by the Czar,
countersigned by the high mandarins,
which recalls the benefits China has
derived from the friendship of Russia.
Three thousand troops, the corre
epondent continue*, are crossing Lake
Baikal every day.
"The reports that the Russian officers
■were ashore when Port Arthur was
attacked on February 8 are absolutely
false," this correspondent says. "They
were all at their posts, for it was in
tended to have this squadron sail the
following morning for an unknown des
tination."
CHEFTT, Feb. IS.— The Port Arthur-
Chefu cable has been cut.
CAREER OF ALEXIEFF,
REPRESENTATIVE OF
CZAR IN FAR EAST
Eugene Alexieff, admiral of the Rus
6ian navy and the Czar's representative
In the Orient, Is about sixty years of
age. Heavy in build, broad shouldered,
full bearded and six feet tall, in all the
confidence of well preserved and robust
manhood and the full favor of his au
irust master, ''the "autocrat of all the
Russias," he is certainly a striking
figure on the Far Eastern warscape.
Though trained for the sea the vice
Czar is an "all-round man," as the
5aying is — strategist on land as well as
by Bea, courtier, diplomat, financier,
business man and engineer, in fact few
men combine In one body more widely
trained and eminent qualities. He be
pan his career as a sailor and after
some years' service, cruising in the
Mediterranean, was made a lieutenant.
The next four years were largely spent
exploring, the Arctic shores of Siberia.
On the expiration of this service
Alexieff returned home by way of San
Francisco, stopping over for some
■weeks at Lor.g Branch, then the fash
ionable American summer resort, and
*r which he is to this day fond of talk
ing. On his trip through the United
States he made good standing with his
home Government by certain sugges
tions and action looking to a then pos
sible rupture between Russia and
Great Britain, and on his arrival in St.
Petersburg he was made a captain and
given the command of a ship.
Three years later Alexieff was made
an admiral, and as such commanded
the warship on which the present Czar
made his trip to the Far East in the
early nineties. It was on this voyage
that he became Intimate with and won
the full confidence of his future sov
ereign.
Later he was sent out as Governor
General of Russia's Far Eastern pro
vinces and there showed his great abil
ity as a diplomat and an administrator.
Alexieff was commander of the Rus
sian contingent of the allied forces
which marched to the relief of Peking
during the Boxer troubles of 1899-1900,
and afterward went home to become
Minister of Marine in the Czar's Cabi
net.
Last fall he was again sent to the
Far East as first Viceroy of Russia
In that part of the world. His author
ity within bis sphere is as absolute as
that of the Czar himself.
Aleatieff Is a good fighter when fight
ing is to be done, but also a man of
rare prudence, as was demonstrated in
the Peking campaign of 1S99-1900 and
in Chefu at the close of the Chinese-
Japanese war, when hJs coolness avert
ed a premature conflict between the
Russian and Japanese fleets. He is
very considerate of his men, fraterniz
ing with them -when occasion permits,
and is, as a consequence, extremely
popular with them.
Altxieff always appears in full regi
mentals, with all of his decorations In
evidence, and of them he has an un
usual number even for a Russian Vice
roy. Among these is the Cross of St.
George, the wearers of which, whether
privates or noble officers, are privi
leged to Elt at table with the Czar him
self. Ab the Vice Czar on the last
celebration of the day at Port Arthur
Alexieff sat at the table for several
hours, one of a gathering in which
there were many private soldiers and
non-commissioned officers, the least of
whom for the time was his recognized
equal. •-*'• '
Admiral Alexieff has gone and com*.
through San Francisco several times
ard acquired quite a liking for this
city. It is largely due to this, it is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Stomach and Bowels. So
much depends upon them. Your
health, happiness, and even your
life is controlled largely by these
organs. It is therefore very im-
portant at the first symptom of
the stomach becoming weak or
the bowels constipated that you
take a few doses of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It is the best
Stomafh and Bowel medicine in
existence, and positively cures
Heartburn, Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Constipation and Malaria.
Try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
raid, that orders for material and sup
plies for Port Arthur and Vladivostok
j have eo increased within late years.
I SECRETARY MOODY
DRAWS LESSOX FROM
RUSSO-JAPANESE WAR
BOSTON, Feb. 17.— Secretary of the
j Navy Moody, speaking at the annual
dinner of the New England Rubber
Club to-night, strongly advocated a
large navy and declared that if the
United States desired to maintain peace
j it must be known that at all times it
was ready for war.
Secretary Moody declared that there
was never a time when the importance
of power upon the sea was more mani
fest than it was to-day. He referred
to the Russo-Japanese war, and pointed
out that, although one of the nations
| was superior in many ways to the
other, yef the weaker nation, by her
j success on the sea, had rendered every
j part of her territory secure from in
j vasion. He said in part:
; "The United States is weaker than
the other powers so far as submarine
and surface torpedo boats and other
boats under 1000 tons displacement are
concerned, but still is fifth in relative
naval strength and has under construc
tion a greater amount of tonnage in
ships than any other country except
Great Britain and almost as much as
that country. This is a great country
and it can afford a great navy, and the
world must know that we are at all
times ready for war.
"We are at peace with all countries;
we wish to continue and will continue
| in that happy relation if honest diplo
macy and just regard for the rights of
every nation "will maintain peace, but
we must provide a navy so as to pro
vide for war. If we are strong enough
to enforce the Monroe doctrine, we shall
\ never have to do it. Let us, then, be
backed by God and by the sea, which
he hath given us for defense. In them
and ourselves our safety lies.
"To bring about the sea strength, I
believe national honesty at home is
most important. We must fight pub
! lie dishonesty as if it were a loath
i some disease. If money that is appro
priated to the building of ships be di
rected to improper uses, then the
J United States ships will be as If they
j were painted coffins."
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
CONVENTION" DELEGATES
The following delegates have been
elected to the St. Patrick's day con
vention:
County board, A. O. H.— Daniel Fltipat
rlck. David Barry. James Barry, T. E. Dun
ning. M. McCafferty.
Division No. 2, A. O. H. — John Conboy.
John IfcFadden. M. C Gorhaxn, John Rober
eon. T. C. Conroy.
Division No. 3. A. O. H. — Jamei Kelly. M.
J. McDermott. J. J. Mortality, T. McDermott,
J. J. Donohue.
Division No. 6. A. O. H. — Richard J. Cur
tln. William I. Reunion, J. Connell. Edward
Pallas. P. Rellly.
Division No. 6, A. O. H. — M. Regan, M. Me-
Elliott. M. J. Connelly. W. Casserly, J. Cum
ixilnprs.
Division No. 7, A. O. H. — James Mclaugh
lin, Felix McHu«h. John Kerwin, Peter J.
Curlej-, James T. Lynch.
Division No. 8, A. O. H. — M. Fitirerald, J.
H. McGlnnls. Charles McCrystal. J. J. Dono
van. Frank Conklln.
Division No. 9.. A. O. H. — James C. Daly,
Patrick Flaj>a«:an, Patrick Mannlon, Martin
O'Connor, J. C. Brosnan.
Division No. 10. A. O. H.— M. J. Pierce,
Daniel Creadon. M. J. Casey, Thomas Ward,
Peter Thornton.
Division No. 11. A. O. H.— John Murphy.
John P. McGuIre. Eugene O'SuIlvan, Daniel
Collins J. P. Sullivan.
Division No. 12, A. O. H. — Thomas Doyle.
J. P. Dl^uan, [* Barry. P. M. O'Donnell. J.
Mahoney.
Division No. 14. A. O. H.— D. E. Collins.
J. P. Uurke. J. V. Brannan, F. Kelly, James
O'Connor.
Division Ko. 17. A. O. H.— R. McCarthy. T.
J. Connelly. Francis Campbell, R. S. Shepston,
T. B. Mahoney.
Division No. 20, A. O. H. — Thomas E. Dun
ning. John McDonnell. James B. Haggerty, P.
A. Burns. John P. Kavanagh.
Grannaile Division No. 6. Ladles' Auxiliary
— Miss Kate Flynn. Mrs. James Smith. Mrs.
J. J. Kogerson, Mrs. M. Brady. Mrs P.
O'Hare.
Martha Washington Division No. 1 — Mirs
Emily Doyle, Miss Apnes TIern»>y. Mfss B.
Ejjan. Miss Minnie Dempsey. Miss Bertha
McCarthy.
Columbia Division No. 2 Ladles' Auxiliary —
Miss Winnie Hipgins. Miss Delia Collins, Miss
Agnes Lyons. Miss Bessie Hennessy, Mrs. Me-
Kftown.
Division No 5. A. O. H.. Ladles* Auxiliary —
Miss K. O'Brien. Mrs. W. Molloy. Mrs C. J.
Harrlfjan Miss M. Finn. Mis* K. Egan.
Celtic Philharmonic Club — Theodore Lynch,
M. J. Lawless. \V. F. McCormlck, Timothy
Drmovan. . F. Devoney.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance — Thomas F.
Alford. Thomas M. S*>arey. William Broderlck.
John H. McCarthy. John P. Hare.
Harmony Alliance No. 15 — John J. O'Brien,
■William F. Coleman. James T. Wren M.
Call. F. A. O'Brien.
Knlrhts of Tara— William Mulvin. O. B.
O'Reilly. M. Hessian. John Bums J. J. Smith.
Knights of the Red Branch— T. J. Mellott.
James J. Caniffe. William Hudson. M. Casey,
Timothy Mahoney. v
County LHtrim Social Club — P. M. Mc-
Oushin. R. J. O'Reilly. John Kenny, P. J.
Mf-ehan James Morton.
Unity Alliance— William Mulvin, Timothy
Hurley. M. J. Ryan. James McGovern, ■Wil
liam O'Connor.
Gaelic Dancing Club — Joseph P. Kelleher,
P J. Madlgan, J. O'Connell. James Scully,
C J. Collins
Celtic X'nlon Hall Association— Mfss Jos1«
Dillon. Colonel Thomas F. Barry, John Mul
hern. John Ganey.
Kniehts of the Red Branch Hall Association
— J. J. O'Connor. James Smith, J. Downs.
Wlllam Murphy. P. P. O'Looney.
Hennebery Branch. Gaelic League — Miss
Margaret Clarke. Miss Nellie Twohig. Patrick
•Kelly. Maurice Murphy. M. Buckley.
Company A. Irish Volunteers — Captain H.
P. Filtrate. Lieutenant J. J. Sullivan, Sergeant
P. J. Kenny. Sergeant Dan Harnedy, Corporal
T. J. Shaughnessy.
Knights of St. Patrick — John J. O'Connor,
Michael MerteRi.
O'Growney Branch. Gaelic league — Patrick
Reynolds. Denis O'Connor. Miss Nora McCar
thy. Miss Katie O'Leary. Miss Minnie Mc-
Carthy.
Celtic Union— John II. McGinney. Miss An
nie Deasy. Thomas O'Connor, William Lynch,
James Cox.
Emrrald Glee Club— E. P. Hogan. M. J.
Leonard. H. H. T/onderville, Dr. W. H. How
ard. J- Devfno.
Columbia Hurling Club — William Kelly. Pat
rick Stapl'-ton. Tim Mannion. Michael Buckley.
Willnm Finn.
Emerald FootfcaJl Club — Patrick Lynch. T.
P. O'Dowd. J. J. Gallagher, William Duane,
n McMahon.
Wolfe Tone Gaelic Football Club — P. J.
Crowe. John J. Hurley. P. Kearny. Joseph
Laivlor J. Foley.
Fmmet Hurling Club — William Mlnahan C.
rran«. Martin I^as^y. Jeremiah O'Dowd. J.
Johnston. "•'''— •
The following officers have been
elected: President, Michael Casey:
first vice president, Thomas Searey:
second vice president. Miss Kate
O'Brien; recording secretary, Richard
J. Curtin; financial secretary, Martin
Lacey; sergeant at arms, Patrick Uc-
Grath.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL', THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1904.
Rebels Kill One Hun
dred Ottoman
Soldiers.
SALONICA, Macedonia, Feb. 17.—
Shemsi Pasha, with 2500 Turkish troops
and three guns, is reported to be be
sieged by 20,000 Albanians at Babajhosi,
between Diakova and Ipek. The Turks
are said to be without food and water
and have already lost 100 men. Strong
reinforcements under, Shakir Pasha are
hurrying to the relief of Shemsi Pasha.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 17.—Six
teen thousand Albanians are in revolt
in the district of Diakova against the
reform plans of the powers for Mace
donia, and obnoxious taxes. In con
flicts which have taken place between
Albanians and Ottoman troops, the lat
ter were worsted. Large reinforce
ments have been dispatched to Dia
kova. The Albanians attacked the
town of Diakova on February 13 and
plundered and burned a number of
houses. Turkish forces attacked the
insurgents' main position at Babajhosi,
but were repulsed with heavy loss.
Feverish activity continues among
the Turkish authorities on the Bul
garian frontier, in accumulating stores
and repairing roads for the expected
massing of troops.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Sofia says that Rus
sia has officially notified the Bulgarian
Government that any encouragement
given by Bulgaria for the renewal of
the insurrection .in Macedonia will be
regarded as an act of hostility which
would be promptly and forcibly re
sented.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Taking ad
vantage of Russia's preoccupation in
the Far East, Turkey is preparing for
war with Bulgaria. It is learned that
a march into Bulgarian territory is
likely to be made very soon. , In prep
aration Turkey has addressed a note
to each of the powers signatory to the
treaty of Berlin, in which she gives the
reasons for her attitude.
Besides legitimate war preparations,
it is learned that Turkey believes Bul
garia to be guilty of unlawful and
criminal traffic with dynamite, which
is being supplied publicly to the rebels.
The revolutionary committees, it is
stated, act undisturbed in all Impor
tant Bulgarian cities, notably in Sofia,
under the eyes of the Government and
with its encouragement. Active offi
cers of the army are permitted to join
the rebels.
Turkey is convinced that peace and
order cannot be restored by the paper
reforms conducted by foreign police
ignorant of the. complicated racial con
ditions of those regions and that they
can be restored only by war.
The Moslem population, it is said, is
beginning to take the matter of its
own protection against Macedonian
dynamiters and terrorists Into its own
hands.
The note sent to the signatory pow
ers Is likely to be the last information
given by Turkey before the rupture
takes place.
THREE THOUSAND
RUSSIAN SOLDIERS
* CROSS YALU RIVER
SEOUL, Feb.. 16. — The art-ival of
3000 Russian troops ■ across the Yalu
River,, opposite Wiju, is officially re
ported by the Japanese authorities.
New Opera Coldly Received.
MILAN, Feb. 17.— "Madame Butter
fly," an opera by Giacomo Puccini, was
produced for the first time here at the
Scala Theater to-night. It was .re
ceived rather coldly. Signor Mascagnl
was among. those present.
ALBANIAN TROOPS PREPARING TO TAKE THE FIELD AND TURK
• ISH GENERAL WHO IS HURRYING WITH REINFORCEMENTS
" FOR THE BESIEGED GARRISON AT BABAJHOSI.
REBEL FORCES
ARE REPULSED
PUERTO PLATA, Santo Domingo,
Feb. 17.— A savage attack on the city
of Santiago has resulted in the com
plete rout of the rebels by the Govern
ment forces. Many were killed and
wounded on both sides.
The attack of the revolutionists had
been expected for some time. On
Tuesday they entered the city un
molested until they had reached the
Government house. Then the Govern
ment forces opened flre. The rebels
answered and the battle raged for sev
eral hours. Polin Espaillat, one of the
rebel leaders, fell with a bullet wound
that broke his leg.
Panchito Perez and many 'other
revolutionists were killed, and, seeing
that their attack was futile, the rebels
fied, closely pursued by the Govern
ment soldiers. Espaillat was left on
the field of battle and made a prisoner
by the Government troops.
The Government . losses are /'not
stated, but two officers are known to
have been killed and several men
wounded.
RADIUM ACTS
AS PAIN KILLER
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— A dispatch to
the Tribune, from Ann Arbor,
Mich., says: The possibility of us
ing radium to convert ordinary
rain and well water into .a min
eral water, more highly medicinal than
any known natural mineral water, has
been demonstrated at the University of
Michigan in a series of experlrrients
covering the last ten weeks. In search
ing for a method by which radium
could be applied to the interior of a
cancer without danger of the terrible
radium or X-ray burns, It has. been
demonstrated that the immersion of a
sealed tube in. pure, distilled water for
twenty-four hours produces radio-ac
tive water of powerful effects. In the
treatment of cancer this water stopped
pain in ten minutes.
The patients now under the radium
water treatment at the university are
one with a cancer of eighteen years'
standing, and several with the ordi
nary nose and breast cancers. The
eighteen-ypar-old cancer has had six
weeks of .water treatment, and from
the first five minutes' treatment ' pain
has been almost wholly absent. In each
of the .other ' cases pains stopped /im
mediately. ' t .\ ■ . .
COMPANIES MAY
RENEW COMPACT
The return to this city of W. H. Av
ery, general agent of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha Steamship Company, and R. P.
Schwerin, manager of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, Is anxiously
awaited by the many who are eager to
learn whether the two concerns, in
conjunction with the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company, are to
carry on business between this port
and the Orient in the future, as they
have in the past, under an agreement
entered into five years ago. This agree
ment expired two days ago and there
is much speculation as to whether the
representatives of the three steamship
companies have renewed It for another
fl-e years or some other period. A
report was in circulation yesterday to
the effect that the agreement had been
renewed, but no one hereVas willing
to confirm the story or to suggest Just
what understanding had been arrived
at between General Agent Avery of
the Japanese line and Manager
Schwerin, representing the two Harri
man companies.
Five years ;ago, when the Spanish
war demanded the services of the Pa
cific Mail Company's vessels for the
transportation of Government troops
arid material to the Philippines, the
Harriman people found it convenient to
enter into an agreement with their
Japanese rival, whereby^ the latter
should, for a period of five years, re
ceive a one-third share in all the Ori
ental business originating in this city
or at points afong the railroad lines of
the Harriman syndicate. Without
railroad connections the Japanese com
pany^ had found itself seriously handi
capped In competing for passenger and
freight business, and its agent gladly
accepted the proposition made by'Man
ager Schwerin, and its boats, the Nip
pon Maru, America Maru and the
Hongkong Maru, were quickly placed
on . the schedule time of the boats the
other company""nad been forced to use
for the Philippine traffic.
. . L'ately. these conditions have
been -reversed, the war with
Russia having compelled Japan
to . appropriate the Nippon Maru
and the' Hongkong Maru for military
service .arid no other boats have been
pu| in their places. With the agree
ment between the .steamship com
panies expired a few days "ago, the
Toyo I - Kisen \ Kaisha Company was
without a boat on the Oriental run
and the Pacific Mail and the Occi
dental and Oriental companies were
practically masters of the situation.
Just how. long the war will last is un
certain, .but it is certain that the Jap
anese company has no idea of aban
doning its ship connections with thf »
port and will have its steamers run-
American Bluejackets May Land
at NewGbwang to Protect
Consul Miller.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Rear Ad
miral Evans, commanding the Asiatic
station, to-day transmitted to the Navy
Department a cablegram from Com-'
mander Staunton of the gunboat
Helena, now in the mud dock at New
chwang, China, in which he says that
conditions there are. greatly disturbed
and that he is vigorously investigating
the report that Russian officials have
delayed certain American and British
merchantmen.
In the event that the American Con
sulate is endangered, It Is said. Com
mander Staunton will land bluejackets
and marines for the protection of Con
sul Miller. There is every wish oh the
part of this Government not to give
the. slightest cause for complaint by
either Russia or Japan, but the un
alterable American policy of protect
ing American interests at all hazards
will be adhered to.
The Russian Embassy Is being flood
ed with offers of assistance from
Americans in various walks of life.
Letters from twelve physicians arrived
to-day. The Russian Embassador has
been obliged to abandon his original
intention to answer each of these of
fers, with a personal letter, but a cor
dial letter of thanks Is sent by the em
bassy to each writer.
The offers are declined, as Russia
does not stand in need of medical or
military aid.
TREND OF BRITISH
SENTIMENT IN LONDON
AND IN THE FAR EAST
The London Daily News (Liberal) dis
trusts Germany's motives In the pres
ent crisis, and counsels non-interference
with Russia in her dispute with Japan
over Manchuria and Korea. It says in
an editorial on January 29:
"Will it profit us substantially to lose
the new-born friendship of France and
to aid the deep-laid plans of German
extension? Would it even profit us in
the Far East to find Russia hurled back
and her movement directed southward
to the Indian Ocean? Are we quite sure
that Russia is not a bulwark against
something even more to be feared— a
great Asiatic rising under Japan
against the dominion of the white man?
Do not let us dwell in any fool's para
dise as to the aims and motives of the
Japanese., They do not love us any
more than they love any other inter
loper in Asia. Russ'ia stands in her way
to-day. If she win she will kill two
birds with one stone — she will have
turned Russia and England against
each other in Southern Asia. And then
in due season she will enjoy the plun
der and will realize her dreams of 'Asia
for the Asiatics,' with herself as the
leader in the new empire. We heartily
detest Russian diplomacy, but it is not
our business to cure those evils of her
governmental system while under our
own flag we are setting up such a con
dition of things as that which prevails
In the Transvaal.
"So far as the antagonists are con
cerned we repeat what we have said
throughout the crisis — that true wis
dom consists in recognizing the fact
that thev have to accept each other as
neighbors. If Japan hopes to beat back
Russia utterly she is nursing a vain
dream: if Russia Imagines that Japan
is a mere Oriental barbarian to be bul
lied into surrender, that, too, is to in
vite disaster. We do not take the view
that the trouble is incapable of cure
without a surgical operation. Russia
must recognize that Korea is not her
portion, and on the other hand Japan
must not take too high-handed a course
in regard to Manchuria. In Europe we
have learned to tolerate near neighbors
with a certain amount of cheerfulness
and even security. There is no reason
why the same thing should not be pos
sible in Asia."
The Japan Mail, an English paper
of Yokohama, said on January 23:
"Germany has received a good deal
of attention at the hands of Japanese
journalists of late — the Nippon has
CARNIVAL ENDS
IN BLOODSHED
ROME, Feb. 17. — The carnival fes
tivities have resulted in disorder and
bloodshed in Southern Italy and Sicily.
Troops and police were obliged to in
tervene and a score or more persons
have been wounded. Many arrests
have also been made.
At Trani a number of Socialists in
masquerade costumes started the
trouble by insulting state institutions
and in the fighting which followed
several officers and soldiers were
wounded. The police then stepped in
and as a. result the Jail is now full.
At Piazza Ameria, in Sicily, the mas
querading brought on a conflict be
tween members of two local political
parties and an attack was made on the
City Hall. The disorder became so
great that troops were called out and
fired on the people to disperse them.
Fourteen of the rioters were wounded.
Quiet was then restored.
ning again as soon as the Japanese
Government sees fit to release them.
It is generally believed that General
Agent Avery, who is invested with full
power to act in all matters concerning
the foreign company, has come to
some understanding with the Harriman
representatives during his stay in the
East and that the three lines will con
tinue to operate under an- extension
of the agreement of the last five years.
The fact that Avery has been paying
his usual annual visit to Washing
ton for the purpose of arranging rates
for the carrying of .Government o£
ficials to and from the Orient
strengthens the opinion here that the
American and foreign lines will con
tinue business on a friendly basis.
. KISHINEV. Feb. 17.— The »econd trial of
prisoners connected with the massacres will be
gin Monday.
written about her, the Kokumin has
written about her and the Niroku has
written about her. This last journal
c-alls her a kwaji-dorobo and, affirms
that for many years she has been
nothing else. Kwaji-dorobo is a term
vulgarly applied to a man that takes
advantage of a conflagration to pur
loin the property of the unfortunate
victims of the catastrophe; a fellow,
in short, that profits by his neighbor's
calamities. The Xiroku is always more
vigorous than polite. Less indiscreet,
the Nippon affirms that among all na
tions Ilussia is regarded by the world
a* the most untrustworthy, and that
next to her in that unenviable distinc
tion stands Germany, for whose sake
the Nippon professes to be sorry that
things are so. This opinion is elicited
from our contemporary by the fact
that whereas the attitude of all the
other powers with regard to the situa
tion in the Far East is clearly known,
the attitude of Germany remains still
obscure."
The Mail also claims that Japan
will Justify confidence in her Inter
national morality. It continues:
"Less than four years ago, when the
foreign community in Peking, threat
ened with sanguinary destruction, re
posed its only hope of salvation in the
promptitude of succor from Japan,
not a few voices were loudly raised
in Europe against the danger of in
trusting to Japan a task which, if
successfully carried out, might invest
her with the practical hegemony of
Oriental races and thus call into real
existence the yellow peril. To-day, on
the eve of a war from which, if she
emerge successfully, it would be na
tural and reasonable that she should
claim some overlordship of the ter
ritory in dispute, we have the British
Government placing such confidence
In Japanese self-restraint and Japan
ese pacific impulses that they guar
antee her freedom from ambition in
the presence of temptations to which
any other nation, if history has been
truly written, would yield incontinent
ly and would not be condemned for
yielding. To-day no one seems to fear
that if Japan force her adversary to
loosen his grip upon Manchuria, she
will herself take his place or think of
retaining what she has won by
strength of arm?. It is a most sin
gular transition from unconcealed
doubt to unprecedented faith, and yet
we are absolutely confident that if
subjected to such a trial of her inter
national morality, Japan would justify
England's confidence."
The following interesting news Item
is contained in the Japan Mail of Jan
uary 16:
".News from Vladivostok says that
the ice is now a foot thick in the har
bor and that it has been found neces
sary to beach the torpedo craft. The
squadron of vessels lately reported aa
anchored in the port seems" to have
taken its departure, but nothina is
publicly known about its destination.
There can be no doubt that the de
gree of frost this year is exceptional
throughout the whole of the Far
East."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Thursday. IS February. 1904.
Spec ial
to-day V
$19.50
'75T A thirty - dollar dresser
and in three woods — golden
oak, birdseye maple and
mahoganized birch. The
drawers all have swelled
fronts, and the oval mirror
is a genuine French bevel
plate, 23 by 29 inches.
Height to top of mirror
frame, 70 inches; width, 45
inches.
This offer is positively for
to-day (Thursday) only,
and we have decided to sell
-;only one dresset" to each
buyer at the special figure.
VA genuine " Breuner "
• value, remember — the kind
that made many friends for
• us in our old store.
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union Square
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
YOUTH CLAIMS
WE ARE EFFETE
Young Man From Oklahoma
Is Arrested for Carrying
Six-Shooter in Hip Pocket
DENOUNCES CIVILIZATION
Says He Was Born on the
Plains and Wears a Gun as
. Californians Do a Necktie
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Feb. 17.
In the estimation of A. C. Perkins of
Oklahoma the civilization of California
is already effete. The reason for this
opinion is that he now is serving a sen
tence of ten days' imprisonment im
posed on him by Judge Samuels this
morning for carrying concealed weap
ons. The gun which Perkins had was
certainly a formidable looking affair,
being a 44-caliber Colt revolver, with
a barrel fully eight inches long.
Last night Patrolman Gardiner ob
served the young man's hip pocket
bulged suspiciously while he was v.alk
ing near Telegraph and Central ave
rues asd accosted him. The result was
a hand to hand conflict Kith the citizen
of Oklahoma second best man. Th**
policeman handcuffed his prisoner and
took him to the City Prison.
After Perkins was sentenced this
morning he said:
"I was born on the plains of Okla
homa. There every man wears a re
volver at his belt fast the same as men
h^re wear necktic-s. I guess you' peo
ple out here are petting too civilixed."
ACCOUNT IN IiOSFNK
ESTATE IS FILED
Ttie Old !>octor Hud "All Kinds" of
Money Hidden Away in UK
1 looms.
OAKLAND. F^b. IT. — An account
filed in the estate of 'he late Dr. Gus
t*ve Rosenk shows that he had "all
kinds" of money hidden away in hi?
rooms. In a pearl wallet was found
S400; in a tobacco bag $290; in a
< hamois bag. $1500; in another cham
ois bag, $2000: on deposit with the
German Savings and Loan Society,
$11,17S74: in Oakland Bank of Sav
ings. $4065; in Central Bank. $6073:
in Farmers' and Merchants' Bank,
$6215 03; in Union Savings Bar.k,
$3097 50. making a total of $32,864 62.
He also owned part of a block of real
ty at Seventh street and Broadway.
Trial Jurors Drawn.
OAKLAND. Feb. IT. — The follow
ing panel of trial jurors was drawn to
day for the hearing of the cases for
the ensuing term. Seventy names
were taken from the box. and are
Robert H. Martin. James L. Powell,
Henry P. Wichman, Anthony Kretz,
Fritz Werner, D. S. Ainsworth.
Charles P. Doe. Giles E. Chittenden,
O. D. Brown. John C. Smith, Theo
dore J. Fish. F. M. Todd, S. S. Quack
enbush, Matthew Lee, G. L. Mohr,
John A. McDonald, Columbus P. Lew
is, Joseph McLain, William Van Hau-
Fen. John F. Stone. Henry Z. Jones,
F. H. Huddart. H. P. Nelson. J. H. A.
Albers. J. R. Xaisbi, Antonio Rogers,
William H. Pollard. Charles Dittmar.
■W. H. Mara, John Hinkler, William
Moller. Frederick Wuescher. John W.
Havens. William Clark. M. J. Garcia,
W. J. Martiner, P. S. McQuaide, Reu
ben Hunter. Z. T. Gilpin, Gustave A.
Wagner, Charles E. Miller, Herman
Detjens. Charles C. Wilder, J. E.
Thorn, S. L. Gibbs. Herman Rathjen,
H. E. Harwood. H. B. Martin. John
Ii. Bruce. Joseph A. Carlton. J. M.
Painter, Edward H. Clawiter. Colby
Collins. John C. Stanley^ S. K. Love,
d. L. Curtis. D. H. Cunningham, John
Taylor. E. A. Moody, E. D. Clarrage,
J. R. Little, George E. Fogg.' John W.
Hamilton, Joseph B. Sykes, Thomas
Mullen. Edson F. Adams, John C.
Jamieson. Mark Ryan, Augustine A.
Bernal, Edwin Sutherland.
Funerul of liradlry Arnirtronjf.
OAKLAXD, Feb. 17. — The funeral
of Bradk-y A. Armstrong took place
from the family residence this after
noon at 2:20 o'clock. The services
were conducted by the Rev. E. R.
Dille, pastor of the First Methodist
Church. . .
KEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCXEZXCB FSEVXirrS EALD5ES3.
The Fatal Gem asd Its Remedy XTow
. * Facts ol Science. .
It is the rar<*?t thins in the world for
a man to be necessarily bald. No man
whose hair is not <3<Md at the roots need
be bald- If he will use Newbro's Herpi-
cide. the new scalp antiseptic Herpi-
elde destroys the prrni that cut* the hair
off at the root and cK-ars the *calp of
dandruff and leaves it in a perfectly
healthy condition. Mr. Mannctt. in the
Maryland Block. Butte, Mont., was en-
tirely bald. In l'ss than a month Herpi-
cide had removed the enemies of hair
growth, and nature did its work by
covering his head with thick hair an
icch long-, and In six weeks he had a
normal suit of hair. Sold by leading
drusKists. Send 3 0c in stamps' for sam-
ple to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THE POOR.
Open Sundays and evenings. Teeth
extracted free. Graduates of den-
tistry. Small charge for material only.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
Sui Fraacitco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oaklaad — 873 Washington Street.
Sab Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramcato — 407 7 Street.
PMAN LAWYER
WINS HER CASE
Mrs. Isabella 3fartin, Acting
as Her Own Attorney, Gets
a Verdict of Not Guilty
HAS A TRIAL BY JURY
Charge of Battery Was Placed
• Against Her by a Tenant
Who Neglects to Pay Rent
Oakland Office Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 17.
Acting as her own attorney, Mrs.
Isabella Martin to-day secured her ac
quittal before a jury in Police Judge
Samuels' court on a charge of battery
preferred by Mrs. E. Bernardue. The
many legal battles in which Mrs. Mar
tin had been engaged preepared her to
conduct her own case, which she did
by examining the jurors, cross-examin
ing the witnesses of the prosecution
and presenting her own evidence. She
had several spirited tilts with Prose
cuting Attorney Green about the ad
mission of evidence and despite the
fact that her knowledge of law was
gained only as a litigant, she scarcely
came out second best.
The facts of the case as brought
out by the evidence were that Mrs.
Martin secured a writ of ejectment for
possession of a house occupied by Mrs.
Bernardue. Growing weary of the
law's delay, Mrs. Martin is allegel to
have taken things in her own hands
and to have forcibly ousted her ten
ant.
Mrs. Martin was much affected
when the jury returned a verdict of
not guilty.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— Miss Geraldine Scup-
J.atr. was the complimented guest to-day at a
pretty luncheon riven by Misses Eva and
Helon Powell at their home on Myrtle street.
The table wa» a dainty study in white, snow
drop* and tulle blending in a very effective
and artistic arrangement. The place cards
were Parisian souvenirs, being small water
color sketches of flowers, purchased by Miss
Powell while Jn Europe.
Covers were laid for Miss Geraldine Scup
ham. Miss iV-upham. Mrs. Lowell Hardy, Mrs.
E. O. Timerman. Mrs. l>avld E. Brown. Misa
l.il'.'.HT. Moller. Mtss Elizabeth Gray. Mrs. F.
A. Webster. Miss Uarkey. Miss tMith Larkey.
Mrs. Dudley KinselL. Mrs. Percy HaU. MiM
'Wilhelmine Koenig. Mrs. Charles Evans, Miss
Eva Powell and Ml»s Helen Powell.
Tr* laree attendance, at the OaJcland Club's
Martha Washington luncheon to-day was an
other tentlmonial to the growing popularity
of these pleasant affair*. The clubrooms were
eJTectively decorated with the national colors,
streamers of red. white and blue festooning
the walls, while a large flag was draped grace
full over the wide doorway. Strands of smilax
were wreathed about the center piece of tiny
flags on «"ach table and around the colontal
candlesticks of silver.
The hGFtesses. Mrs. W. F. Rudolph, Mrs. XV.
D. Smith and Miss H. L. Nye. w«>re appro
priately gowned in coloniol farhion — borrow
ing from the days of powdered hair and
patches, a mode that was most becoming.
The»e ladies were assisted to-day by Mi**
Samuels, Mies Eda Curdts and Miss May Ten
nant.
After enjoying a delightful menu, punctuated
with real old-fashioned cornbread and pump
kin pie that melted in one's mouth, a musical
treat was added to the day's programme in
the singing of Miss Helen Crane, one of Oak
land's sweetest Kinger*. Her first number was
"The Bird and the Rose." by Amy L«ouise
Horrocks, and for an encore she sang Oley
Speaks" "Little One A'cryin'." She was admir
ably accompanied by Miss Helen Nelson. Two
recitations by little Vadie Rudolph were much
appreciated, her selections being "Catching a
Brownie" and "Miss Maria."
Mis* Faiih Sturtevant read & few Interest
ing extracts from Alice Morse Earl's "Colonial
Dames."
Among the club's guests at the luncheon to
day wpre: Mrs. Carlton Crane, Miss Crane,
Mlf-s Helm Xelson, Miss Henry Burns, Mrs.
Remi rhabot, Mrs. Robert Duncan. Mrs. Drew,
Mrs. W. W; Kerran. Mrs. Hammer, Mrs. XV.
C. Badeeley and others.
Miss Alberta Jores entertained the Tuesday
Night 500 Club last evening at her home on
Thirteenth street. Hearts and valentines were,
suggestive of th~ season and made attractive
decoratiens. Hearts en rtrings and in ruddy
Folltude were festooned from the ceiling and
adornrd the walls. After the game of 500 had
bf-en enjoyed a dainty supper was served and
at each plate was an appropriate valentine.
Kach guest was required to write an original
rcrM and the results were productive of con
siderable merriment. H. D. Hinchman'e clever
verse secured him the prize. The prizes for
beM scores in the card games were awarded
to Mrs. Cornwallls and Asa Mendenhall.
Among the player* were Mr. and Mrs. A. F.
Cornwallis. Mi*s Florence Hatch. Miss Cecil
Jones. Mlfs Annie Young, Miss Florence Tay
lor, and Messrs. Kincaid, Flynn, Mendenhall,
Ireland and Hlnchman.
The ciub will not meet again until after
Lent.
Mrs. Carlton Crane and daughter. Miss
Helpn Crane, will be the hostesses at a lunch
eon to-morrow that promises to be a very pleas
ant affair. Mrs. Crane's guests will be Mrs.
Jes*e P. Meeban. Mrs. Felton Taylor, Mrs. J.
\V. Nelson. Mrs. Charles E. Cotton. Mrs. Jamea
Hacrold.* Mrs. E. E. Wade. Mrs. Warren
Swain. Mrs. Wl'.l Montgomery. Mrs. XV. H.
Layron. Mrs. Charles Egbert. Mrs. Charles
Allwardt and Miss Elizabeth Meehan.
Mr?. ' Jesse P. Meehan is planning a large
card party for next Saturday afternoon, com
plimentary to Miss Helen Crane and Miss RHla
Uromley. About fifty guests have been invited
and the afternoon will be devoted to S00.
A merry party will enjoy a matinee luncheon
at the Palace Grill next Saturday as the guests
of Mil's Carolyn Palmanteer. After the mid
day co'.ljticn the Weber & Fields attraction at
the Grand Opera-house will be In order, the
party to consist of Misses Lucretla Burnham,
Jessie Fox, Edna Barry. Mollie Mathes, Helen
Chaw. Ethel Sims, Jean Downey. Florence
Taylor. l$«:*fe Reed. Elhel Crellln. May Coogan
and Dottle Everson. Th» entertainment has
been planned in henor of Miss Edna Barry and
Miss JeFS-Se Fcx* and the young ladies will be
chaperoned by Mrs. Palmanteer.
After the Burnham dinner last night — which
Miss l/ucretla Burnham gave to the young la
dies who assisted her In- receiving yesterday —
Arthur Bodley Watson entertained the guests
with some of hts amusing . monologues. Mr.
Wctpoti's work is unusually clever and artistic
and he is much in demand as an entertainer at
swell functions across the bay.
During the evening a male quartet sere
naded ihe dinner party, the singers remaining
en the veranda whll« their music was enjoyed
through the or-en windows. An orchestra also
furnished musical selections, and the strenu
ous game of "pit" filled the closing hours of a
delightful evening most effectively.
.Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Charles
Young, 39. and Ada Mills, 23, both of
San Francisco; Edmond C. Burmstead,
30. San Francisco,* and May Galla
gher, 27, Claveland," Ohio; Harry C.
Quick, over 21, Los Angeles, and
Irene M. Britton. over 18, Oakland;
Charles Koerner, 24, and Adelaide
Hewlett, 20, both of Oakland: Carlos
Luppi, 25. and Mary Fredrighe. 20,
both of San Leandro.
Wife Want.- Divorce.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.^ — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Jane M.
Warner against James Warner on the
ground of desertion. They were mar
ried in 1899 and for the last year have
not lived together.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1904.
EASTERN STAR CHAPTER
TO GIVE WHIST TOURNEY
Oakland's Beautiful Masonic Temple to Be Scene of a
. Dance and Pleasant Social Entertainment for the Benefit
of Local Lodger-Committees Working for Success
POPULAR YOUNG WOMEN OF OAKLAND, WHO WILL KEEP SCORE
IN THE WHIST TOURNAMENT TO BE GIVEN THURSDAY EVEN
ING BY THE ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— The members
of Oakland Chapter No. 140, Order of
Eastern Star, will give a whist tour
nament and dance at Masonic Tempie
to-morrow evening for the benefit of
the chapter and a large number of
handsome prizes have been, provided
by trie committee in charge. The af
fairs heretofore given by the ladies of
Oakland Chapter have always been
very successful and the members of
the committee expect a large attend-
PIONEER GOES
TO LAST REST
Levi 31. Kellogg, Instructor,
Miner and Merchant, Passes
Away After Brief Illness
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Feb. 17.
Levi M. Kellogg, a pioneer Cali
fornJan, former Deputy Collector of the
Port at San Francisco and one of the
first instructors in the California College
before it was merged into the Univer
sity of California, passed away this
afternoon at his home, 2413 Bancroft
way. Mr. Kellogg had suffered from
heart disease, but was expected to re
cover "until he suffered a sudden re
lapse early in the afternoon. He died
at 4:30 o'clock.
Mr. Kellogg was born in Reading,
Pa., seventy-five years ago. He was a
student at Columbia University and
was granted the degree of bachelor of
arts in 1848. % Attracted by the gold dis
coveries he came to California in 1849,
making the trip by way of Cape Horn.
He engaged in mining fo ( r awhile, but
afterward accepted a position as in
structor in. mathematics in the then
new California College, which was lo
cated in Oakland. In 1864 Mr. Kellogg
was appointed Deputy Collector of the
Port, a position he occupied for twenty
years. He'.afterward engaged in the
tea buslnesf, in which he retained in
terests up to the time of his death.
He leaves only a daughter, Miss Minnie
Kellogg, to mourn his death.
The funeral will be held Friday morn
ing from the late residence and the in
terment will be at Mountain View Cem
etery.
Noted Actress Is Seriously III.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — Eleanor
Duse, the actress, is- seriously ill with
pneumonia, says a dispatch to. the
American from Genoa. Specialists
have been called into consultation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap in stick form ; con-
venience economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap.
Sold all over the world.
ance to-morrow evening. At the close
of the tournament refreshments will
be served, after which the remainder
of the evening will be spent in dancing.
Among the young ladies who will act
as scorers are .Miss Amy Kuss, Miss
May N. Petty, Mrs. P. Anderson Jr.,
Miss Kate Mott, Miss Susie Mott, Miss
Nellie Mott and Mrs. "W. C. Price.
The members of the committee in
charge of the arrangements are:
Mrs. F. J. Fernhom, Mrs. A. L. Le
ber and Mrs. E. L. Warner.
WORKING UPON
FAIR EXHIBIT
Committee of the University
of California Planning for
the St. Louis Exposition
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Feb. 17.
Having been provided with $4000
for the purpose by the Board of
Regents, the special committee ap
pointed by President Wheeler to ar
range for an exhibit showing the ac
tivities of the University of California
to-day began in earnest on the task of
gathering materials and data. By way
of preliminary Professor E. J. Wick
son, chairman of the committee, ap
pointed the following named members
to work upon special matters:
Photographic representation, Pro
fessor S. B. Christy; astronomical
statistics, Professor A. O. Lueschner
andyDr. W. W. Campbell; university
literature. Professor Elmer E. Brown;
general plans and installation, Profes
sor John Galen Howard. "
Among the things planned for Is a
relief map of the university grounds,
5x10 feet, now being constructed by
Architect Howard; a new mechanism
for psychology built by Professor
George M. Stratton, and exhibits from
the anthropological department, show
ing original methods for dealing with
the native Indians and their languages;
diagrams and pamphlets showing the
present and prospective equipment of
the university, these to be distributed.
Plans for the space assigned to the
university by the St, Louis Exposi
tion officials have been received by the
committee. The assignment Is of a
square pavilion at the northeast cor
ner of the Palace of Education. This
building stands at the center of the
four main avenues of the 'exposition
grounds. The pavilion has the great
advantage of being the coolest station
during the hot months and it is also
adjacent to the exhibit of the State
of California. It will be splendidly
lighted and is capable of a most ef
fective and 'artistic treatment in the
display of the university.
News of the Labor Unions.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17. — H. T. Ed
wards has been installed as treasurer
and John T. Kerns as secretary of
the Building Trades Council.
The Teamsters' Union will give a
benefit at the Novelty Theater on
Wednesday, February 24. A large
number of tickets have already been
sold.
A movement has been set on 'foot
to organize a women's union label
league in Alameda; County. The mat
ter Is In the hands of County Organ
izer George K. Smith.
PEEPING BACK
FIFTY YEARS
Witnesses Called Who W T ere in
Oakland Half a Century Ago
to Prove Title to . Land
CLAIMS COURTHOUSE SITE
Mrs? 1 Eugene Casserly Says
She Owns Part of the Prop
erty Never Before Disputed
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118" Broadway, Feb. 17.
What the site of Alameda County's
courthouse looked like fifty years ago is
the subject of inquiry In a suit now be
ing tried in which Mrs. Eugene Casser
ly is trying to assert her right to a
one-sixteenth interest in the. land now
supposed to be i worth $250,000. They
were all old witnesses who testified in
the building which has served Alameda
County as a courthouse for a quarter
of a century. ~*\"
Attorneys for the plaintiff rested their
case with the introduction of ; an old
Mexican grant of the land conveying
the title to Domingo and Vincente
Peralta, written in Spanish, and a deed
from them to Senator Eugene Casserly.
The claim is made that there the title
ends and that his interest lies in com
mon with the county and is a co-tenant
with the county.
The claim of District Attorney Allen
is that the county has been in undis
puted possession of the premises for
half a century and witnesses were
called to prove this.. George: Chase,
James Webster, Lasery Rosenberg,
Munro Hummeltenberg, Alfred W. Bur
rell, Henry Maloon and J. Tyrrel had
all known the premises from the early
fifties.
They stated that the land was first
used as a plaza. Where the courthouse
now stands there was a pavilion in
which they had fandangos. Sometimes
the place was the scene of a fair. One
of them remembered a man named
Sabe Harris who used to exhibit the
largest pair of oxen in the country and
the animals used Jo stand almost di
rectly beneath the judge's chair.
A square steel box served as a jail
and was called the calaboose. It stood
alone, was divided into two rooms and
stood without covering until one hot
day in midsummer a man was nearly
roasted in it and at night almost frozen
to death. A roof was afterward built
over it.
What was known as the Fulton en
gine house stood at another corner. The
old engine is still in use and is now
used for flushing sewers. The land was
the county's playground in those days
and has been occupied ever since.
LADIES ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
3Ieml)crs of the Yonng Women's
Christian Association Dis
cuss Work of Present Year
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, February 17.
The officers who will serve the Young
Women's Christian Association during
the present year were elected at the
annual meeting of the association, held
last night at the headquarters, 1424
Franklin street. Those selected to di
rect the affairs of the association were:
Honorary president, Mrs. P. P.
Browne; president, Mrs. J. P. Ames;
vice presidents, Mrs. William Kirk; re
cording secretary. Miss Eliza Wolfen
den; corresponding secretary, Miss
Pauline Collins: treasurer, Mrs. Rees
B. Thompson; board of directors, Mrs.
P. D. Browne, Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrs.
William Kirk. Mrs. Reea B. Thompson.
Mrs. B. B. W. Gaskill, Mrs. Anson
Barstbw, Mrs. E. H. Vance, Dr. Har
riet P. Van Kirk, Mrs. EL W. Graves,
Miss K. E. Cole and Miss Eliza Wol
fenden.
After the election of officers, the an
nual reports were read, and the ladies
then took up the subject of the East
Oakland Settlement. During the dis
cussion the president, Mrs. J. P. Ames,
said:
Our Eaat End work has been carried on
for years in the face of difficulties— in a build
ing altogether too inadequate to our needs — and
great credit Is due to our East End committee,
which has so bravely workefl among »o many
adverse conditions. More helpers are needed
and we hop« to enlist your interest so that you
may be induced to give a portion of your time
to this work. With very little labor you will
be doing a great good. This Is something that
every one can do and have a part in the good
we hope to accomplish. Another thing we hop*
to achieve in the near future is the building
at Camp Meeker of a Rest Home for our
young ladles here.
Following the address of the pres
ident a special committee of fifty la
dies was appointed, each pledging; her
self to raise $10 to pay off the Indebt
edness on the East Oakland Settlement
building.
Services for Late W. K. Conger.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 17.— Funeral ser
vices for the late William K. Conger,
who passed away last night after be
ing stricken ten hours previously with
apoplexy, will be held to-morrow af
ternoon at 3 o'clock at the residence
of Captain J. S. Dolliver, 1828 Clinton
avenue. Interment will take place
in Chico Friday afternoon. Deceased
was the son of Mrs. M. S. Conger and
the late W. K. Conger and a brother
of Mrs. A. A. Hibberd, Mrs. J. S. Dol
liver, Miss Kate Conger and Charles
D. Conger and was also a distant rel
ative of the United States Minister to
China of the same name. He was a
native of*Callfornia, aged 38 years.
Releases Would-Be Suicide.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17. — John Ander
son, the young painter who two days
ago attempted to commit suicide
twice by jumping into the bay, has
been released by Chief of Police Hodg
kins. He was impelled to take his
life because of remorse over the sui
cide of Magdalena Fella, his sweet
heart. . :
HIDES TRICES
OF IDENTITY
Cunning: of JIan Who Com
mitted Suicide Baffles Those
Who Would Learn His Name
PESTKOYS I EVERY CLUE
Contents of 3iemorantlnm Book
Lead to Belief That Deceased
Was a Commercial Traveler
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. IT.
The cunning exhibited by the uniden
tified man who committed suicide on
Monday night by Inhaling gas at the
Pacific House In preventing identifica
tion of his remains has thus far baffled
the living. He died with -the wish, ex
pressed in a last letter to the world,
that no effort be made to Identify him.
His clothing, letters and even his um
brella handle had every vestige of a
name removed from them. Many per
sons called at the Morgue to-day, but
were unable to shed any light on tho
mystery-
Among the things left by the de
ceased were five memorandum books
bearing the stamp of various whole
sale houses in the East, principally In
the States of Kansas and Indiana.
This fact, together with his clothing
and general appearance, gives rise to
the surmise that he may have been a
commercial traveler. His handwriting
indicates that he followed some occu
pation in which there was much writ-
Ing. The right hand of the suicide was
marked with a scar .on the back and
the third and little fingers were bent
so as to prevent him from closing his
hand completely. No other scars were
visible to serve to identify him.
The extreme pains taken to conceal
his name leads those in the Coroner's
office to believe he may have been a
man of importance or that there was
some unusual cause for him wishing to
remain unknown forever. The only
reason given by the deceased in his let
ter that he had made a failure of
life and did^not. want his relatives to
know.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY. Feb. 17. — The new catalogue
of officers and students of the university,
which was issued to-day, shows that there are
250 officers and 2691 students, 2&1 of whom
are graduates. The manner of printing the
catalogue has been changed in respect to tii«
names and telephone numbers of the students,
their full names taking the place of initUis
and the telephone numbers being omitted.
Warden Archibald Yell of Folsora prison
has written a letter to President Wheeler of
fering thanks for a number of books that were
recently loaned to the prison for the use of
the prisoners. Mr. Yell says the library con
sists of 2000 old volumes from the San Fran-
CUco Public Library, which are not adequate
for the men Incarcerated at Folsorn. The
class of books sent Is much higher than those
of the prison library - and hopes are enter
tained by the Warden that they will do some
good.
In th« debate by the Students* Congress last
night over th« question, "Resolved. That the
Russian control of Manchuria wculd be for
the benefit of civilization." the affirmative was
presented by G. B. Btllson. J. C. Stanley aad
E. P. Griffiths, the negative being sustained
by W E. Maorney. \V. S. Andrews and F. S.
Wythe. . The negative aid* was declared win
ner of the contest.
Professor W. XV. Campbell, director of the
Lick Observatory, announce* the subjects of
th« first lecture* to be delivered by him
before the class in modern astronomy at
Berkeley to be as follows: (1). "The Motion
of the Solar System Through Space." <2).
"The Spectra of the Orion Nebula and the
Trapezium Start." ' ■
The Freshman Debating Society discussed
last night thr question. "Resolved. That dis
puted elections to the House or Representative*
should bo settled in the Federal District Court
In which the contest occurs." The affirmative
was upheM by D. H. Parry and N. A. Eisner;
the negative by H. E. Dwelle and E. A. Nel
son The decision was given to the afnmative.
According to the financial statement Just is
sued by the stockholders of the Dally Califor
nian Company the net receipts for the last term
were $<M$ 05, the largest in the history of the
naDer The gross receipts were $24S4 Co and
the expenditures $1S39. The stockholders will
giv*- silver emblems to all the members of the
staff in acknowledgment of their excellent
Sh lJi ng Evans. a freshman, sprained both
ankles through a fall at the gymnasium yes
terday afwmoon and is now under a doctor s
care He was climbing a knotted rope, when
he missed his hold and fell In such a way
The executive committee of the Associated
Students last nlsrht decided to accept the chal
lenges of the University of Washington and
Pomona College for field days. The me* t .with
Washington will be held on Saturday. April 30,
and the one with Pomona on March «0.
Requiem Mass for Father Qnill.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17. — A requiem
mass will be celebrated to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock at St. Francis
de Sales Church for the repose of the
soul of the Rev. Father Quill, former
assistant pastor of St. Franci3 de
Sales parish, who died a week ago in
St. Mary's Hospital in San Franci3co.
The mass will be celebrated by the
Rev. Father McSweeney, assisted by
Father Cull, deacon; Father Cantwell,
sub-deacon, and Father Yorke. master
of ceremonies. Father Quill was as
sistant pastor of St. Francis de Sales
Church for several years and won the
respect and love of the members ly
his earnest work for the upbuilding
of the parish.
Estate Worth $40,000.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— Petition for the
final distribution In the estate of the
late George W. Percy was filed by
Emma C. Percy to-day. Her account
shows the estate to be worth about
$40,000. Of this about 532,518 06 is cash,
the remainder consists of stocks and
realty.
Sues the O'Connors for Damages.
Lillie and "Willie" O'Connor were
sued yesterday for $2500 damages by
Mary E. Day. proprietress of an em
ployment agency at 321 O'Farrell
street. The plaintiff alleges that the
defendants, from whom she leases the
O'Farrell-street premises, have per
sistently refused to make repairs to
the building, with the result that dur
ing the heavy rains of the last few
days her place of business has been
flooded.
Give Tests of Fire Drills.
The members of the Board of Edu
cation yesterday visited the Horace
Mann and the Lick schools and with
out warning rang the bells which are
the signals for the fire drills. In both
schools the pupils were quick to re
spond without exhibiting alarm and
the buildings were emptied in about a
minute. These tests will be made in
all th,e schools without any previous
notice* in 'order to prepare the pupils
for cases of emergency.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKIiANJV
JJ18 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY-
J148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AX.AMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eafile 503.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Alamrda Connty.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY IT.
Lmils II. and Eleanor G. Sharp to VT. J
Mortimer lot en E line of Shattuclc SftSM
(as said line now exists). ISO X of Vine street.
ft W.S by E 90. portion of lota 11 to 14. block
4. map resubdlvlsion of blocks 3 and 4, Anti
sell Tract. Berkeley (recorded February 16.
1004); $10.
Zoe E.. Maud E. and Alfred L. Hoot to Abb!»
Jan* Root lot on NE corner of Eleventh .and
Harrison streets, E 45 by X "S. Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
A. J and Sophie 31 Snjrder to O. A. l*n«
<strgl°). lot on S line of Fycamore »tr»«t. 140
X9 rt Telegraph avenue. 3 100 by tV BO. Oak
land: *K>.
Ludwls J. and Emma Bers and I>n
and' Carrie Severs"n to Alice "Lewis (wife of
J. C), lot on N line of Thirty-third (formerly
Nolan) street. 229:0 W of Market. W 37:8 by
N lfiO. portion of lot 19. block P. property cf
Central Land Company. Oakland; $10.
Frank P. Wright (single) to Mollie H. Hunt
ley (wif> of D. B.) and Kate H. Dyer (wlf»
of Edward F.). let on N line of Thirtieth
■tre*t. lt»l.56 2-3 NW of its intersection with
W line cf Telssraph avenue. W 33:4 by N 14".
portion of lot 43 block 2033. Rowland Tract.
Oakland: $10.
John C. and Elizabeth S. Johnstons to "Wil
liam Netriercott »sin*!<»>. lot en W line of "Wood
street. 2>i N cf Weft Twelfth street, N 26 by
XV 100. portion of tract *<>1. Witcher'a map, and
portion of block 72;i. Boardrnan's map. Oajiland.
subject to contract to Charles X. Gibson et ux..
.November 12. VJOT.; $10.
Thomas XV. and William W. Patterson »«x
ecutcrs estate of John r>. Patterson) to Es
mond II. James, lot on Sff corner of Syca
more street and Telegraph avenue (as at pres
ent established). X 100 by W 120. portion plat
2. KeUersbertcer's map of R&nchos V. and D.
Peralta. Oakland; $75<X>.
Fred Johns <sinxle> to Phoenix Ravings.
Building and Loan Association, lot 28. block
n. University Park, near university, Oakland;
$10.
M. C. Lowry (femme sole) to Roy Mauvais.
lot on N* corner of Eighth avenue and East
Nineteenth street, NE 150 by N'W 15o, block
119. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
F. and Charlotte H. Elliott to XV. J. Mor
ttmer, lot 10, block G. map Tuohy's Second
Addition to Berkeley. Oakland Township; $10O.
Adelbert T. and Electa L. Hay to same.
lot 9. block, U. same map. Oakland Township;
$100.
Ltlll*. A. Pnyder (slnete) to Alice K. Sny<J*r
(sing-Ie), lot beginning at point 10O feet N from
N line of Pnyder avenue on line parallel to and
44.60 from N*W line of Ninth street, thenc* N
340.41. W 03.06. S 337.22. E W, b«ln* portion
of lot 2o. mac Snyder Tract. Berkeley: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Charles R.
McNulty, lot on E line of drove (West) street.
110 N of Ro5>». N So by E 135. block 17, prop
erty of Berkeley Villa Association, Eerkeley;
$10.
.Mary Noonan (widow) to John and Johan
na O'Kepfe, lots 32 to 34, block 38. tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation. Berkeley; $10.
XV. Oliver Scott to Ward M. Beckwl^. lot
on XE line cf East Fourteenth street. 63 BE
from SE line of Fountain bUau Tract. SE 28
by NE :Xt«, bein* NE portirm of lot 8. block
C Oak Tr-» Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed; ?5.
Martha Olaeruez (widow) to TVa!ter XV.
Stevens, lot on W l!n* of Union street, 100 9
of Thirtieth, S 50 by W 113. beir* N half of
lot 9. block I. Peralta IIom<-stead Association.
Oakland; ?!«.
W. J. and Eunice V. Schauer (by California
tare Deirfisit and Trust Company, trustees) to
Continental Buildine and Loan Association.
90» D. 2«. lot on N line of Benton street. SU
W of Occidental. N 133. W 31. S 137. E 44:«.
lot 16 and Dortion of lot 13. block P. map Par
adif><? Park. Oakland, trustees' deed; $2105.
Jam*s. John Jr.. William and Bernard Peir
nlm fail sinsrliV to John Pe^ntm (widower),
lot on N Sine bf Thirtieth street, 1«4.T5 X7
of West. W l»H).23 by N 140. lots 34 and 35.
bloc* 2<<JS. map Rowland Tract Oakland; $10.
A. M. and Annie M. de Solla (wife) to A.
C. Anderson., lot on SW corner of Third and
Grove street*. S 5O by XV 75 lots 15 and 13.
block 2T5. Kellersberger's map, Oakland; $10.
Genevieve M. and J. C. Jamleson to Mary
G. Costa (widow) lot on XV line of Campbell
street, 50:7 S of William S 25 by W 74:3.
lot 21. block .Vtl. Gibbons property at Oak
land Point. Oakland: $5.
Johanna J. Shiman (ruardlan estate of
Arthur C. Phfrnan. minor) to Helen M Dunn
fwldow). undivided H of lot on N line of
West Eighth street. 100 W of Adeline XV
54 by N 09:8%. Oakland; $300.
Johanna J.. Loui* G. and Lorenzo TC. Shi
man to same, all interest In same. Oakland,
value received: $ .
George E. and Ellen Louise Grant to X H
Chamberlain, lot on NW line of Fourth «.t<»
nue. 10O NE of East Sixteenth street. SE
22 by NW 150. block SO. Clinton. East Oak
land ; $10. .
Eugenie A. and Axel R. Grusrjf<»l (by Cali
fornia State Deposit and Trust Company tnw
tees) to Continental Building and Loan As
sociation. 5U6 D. 51. lots 4 and 5. block C
amended map- of Fairview Tract Oak'ani
Township, trustees' deed: $3430.
Mountain View Cemetery Association (cor
poration) to Wait© Powell, lot in cemetery
Oakland Township: $1S2. Jt
XV. (or Walter) Powell to Eliza S. Crawford
(widow) S half of lot 240 In plat 14-B contain
ing- 1S2 square feet as D«r map plat 14 »eo
tlon B, said cemetery. Oakland Township- $;o
Hepsibeth Carlcton to Charles E. Carleto'n 19
acres beginning at a point on "W line of road
from Oakland to Pan Pablo. 153 S from SE
corner of tract formerly conveyed to I Hard
wick O. D. MS, thence 1942. N 133. W to Bav
of San Francisco, s 12. E 157:3. 9 5eo«. m
to poir.t 1142 W from XV line of aforesaid
road. N 138, NE 1942. N 247.44 to begiaoisgb
Berkeley; gift.
Martha A. McShane (and astrustee) 't»»
Maude M. Munroe (McShane) (wife of Robert
Munrw), all Interest in lot on E line of Tele
graph avenue (Choatel. 113.15 S of Channln*
way. S 30 by E 1«X portion lot R. bloclc 7.- Col
lege Homestead Tract. Berkeley; $10. . . *
Wallace R. and Genoa E. Pond to Martha
"Washington (widow) lota 13 to 15. blocfc U2R
Berkeley property maps 1 and 2. Blake Tract
Berkelty; $1CO.
Emily J. • and Charles B. Pettts to Frank
Dalzell. lot on W line of Grove street. 9O S of
Delaware. S 43 by W 10O. portion of ranee I.
Hardy Tract. Berkeley: 810.
Residence Robbed.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17. — Burglars en
tered the residence of N. J. Collins, a
grocer at 537 Twenty-fifth street, this
evening and ransacked the house, se
curing Jewelry and other valuables to
the amount of about $100. The
thieves forced an entrance through a
rear window.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
ii *?~^^J Oil
y Hb Glass .
I glj&.i Natural EB 4j
y PH Laxative ! rADVEBTISEME1JT2:
Positively cured by these
_ little Pills.
Tfc?y also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
tooiSKtiori ar.d Too Hrarty Eating. A per-
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nansea, 1 Drowd-
o^ss. Bad Taste b the Mouth, Coated Ton^ua
Pa^i in the Side, TORPID LJVER. They
Regulate the Bcrtrels. Purely Vegetable
Small PHI. small Dose.
SmaH Price.
CUTLERY
EVER/ BLADE WRRANTH)
OCEAN TKAVEL.
€Fteamers leave San Fran-
V c!*:-o a* follows:
A Fcr Ketchikan. Wranrel.
**\ Juncau. Ilainft. Fkajruay
j 1 »tc. A'fVs — 11 a. m.. Feb
It 15. 20. 25. Mar. 1. Chanre to
O/ ctirnpacy's ete&xcera at Seat-
/ tie.
__^_^ For Victoria. Vancouver,
Pert Towntend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Eveirtt, TVliau-om— 11 a. va.. Feb. 13 30.
K>. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
j-anys «e?mers for AUeka and G. tt. Ry. ; at
*■**•. i > cr Taeema to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
tc c. p. Br.
.For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
I-, m.. Feb. 16, 22. 2S. Mar. 5. Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Feb. 13. J9. 25. Mar. 2.
Fcr Ix* Ang*>l«>s <via Port Los Angeles and
Redcr.do). San Piepo and Santa. Barbara — San-
•la Rufj, Sundays. 0 a. m.
Ftate of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
Fcr Lc* AriK^lPS <v!a San Pedro and East
F*n Pedro). £ama Barbara, Santa Cms. Won-
lerejr. Fan' Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Hartord <San
■ Luis Obi»j>o). Ventura nnd Hueneme.
«"ops Bay. 9 a. rn.. F*b. 13. 21, 23. Mar. 8.
Bocita. H a. tn.. Feb. IT. "T>. Mar. 4.
For F.nf^nada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. ::.--■ Attain, La I'az. Santa Ro-
ealia. ■,:.-■:■;-.» <Mex.), 10 a. rn , 7th each
month. For further information obtain folder.
PUght is re&erved to change rteairers cr sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Mor.tcom-
»ry «. (Palace Hot*!). 10 Market *t. and Broad-
way Tharv«« FVeigiit office. 10 Market et. -
C lJ. Ij!'N'ANN, Geatral Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 gutter *t.. will
rail for and <■■■■- baggage fqom hotels and
reF!d«-nref. Telephone. Exchange 312.
a. /?. & n. co.
Otrcn pall* Feb. 17. 27. March 8. 18. 18,
>rrtl 7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon is temporarily
!n n^rvjc* 1 inrt«*ad of the Columbia. George W.
Eld«=r fail* Ftb 2C. Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12
*irl 22. Only ttfftnfMp line to PORTLAND.
OR.. art<l Fhort rail line from Portland to all
r-olr.ts K.ZH. Through tickets to all points, all
rail r,r cteunahlp ar,d rail, at LOWEST
HATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
mral*. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
in. S. V. BOOTH. G»n. Apt. Pass. Dept.. 1
MontRcmery et.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dtp!.. 3 Slentsomery »t.
AKESICAV LUTE.
Flrnionth — Cherbourg- — Southampton. !
Prom New York Saturdays at 8:30 a. m.
rh-laUelrh'a ...Feb. 27 New York Mar. 12 ;
St Lcu:« Mar. 5 St. Paul Mar. 18'
ATLAimC TB.A.ITSFOET XiXSE.
Kew York — Leaden Direct.
Misaetflaka Feb. 27. 2 p. rn.
• 5!«rqup»te M*r. S. 0 a. m.
Sftune&aha Mar. 12. l;30p. m.
Minnes'Kilis Mar. 19. 7 a. m.
Onlv f.r«=t-c!a«« raJfer.rfrs carried.
DOMUTIO2T U2SX.
Pcrtlasd — Iiiveruool — Short sea passa.fr"-
Pcm'r.'.rn Feb. 27. Vancouver ....Mar. 2fi
Canada liar. 12. Dominion Apr. 2
zroiii^rii-Ar.iEniCA line.
»w Txi'.n -Screw Steamers of 12,500 Tons.
ITe-w TTcrk — Bctterdavjn. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesdays tt 19 a. tn.
ftstendam Ftb. 23 ! Rotterdam Mar. 8
♦ Amsterdam Mar. I,Noor<iam Mar. 22
tSteerage only.
. HED STAB LIST.
3S>w York — Antwerp — Farts.
Frr>m New York Saturdays at 10:30 a.- m.
Zeeland F B b. 27] Vaot-rland ....Mar. 32
F;r.!ar!!l Mar. HKrooniand Mar. la
VTHITE STAR LINE.
ZZevr York — Qtieenstowa — LiverpocL
Sail:ng WentneadT*.
Cedric. Feb. 24. 11 am:Teutcnic.Mar. lfi. 10 am
Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am Celtic. . .Mar. 18. 0 am,
Oceanic. .Mtr. 9. noon! Cedric. -Mar. 9 an. |
Boston — Queenrtown — Liverpool.
r-etlc •*■*■• 3, Met. 31, April 28
Cymric Mar. 17. At-ri! 14, May 12
BOSTON i:rDITEKEAIJEAN SERVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Ka-nles. G<=noa.
ROMANIC P«b. 27. April 9. May 1* ,
("ANOPIC Mar. J2 '
llEPUHLIC <nerv> Mar. 20 |
C. D. TAYLOR. Paa«^ri»rpr Agent Pacific Coast,
21 - Poft St.. San Francisco.
VJrtSZllXS. MARSEILLES, Gt*.OA7\i I
Bf ALEXANDRIA.. ECYPT.jJM
P.OMAM'.' Feb. 27. Apl. 8, May 14
fASOPIC Mar. 12
nirPUELJC (new) Mar. 20
«Scnd for rales and Illustrated booklet.)
Theee «teamer» are the largest In the
M«4it*rranean service.
Flret claas, $C5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool QM e£rUn
CTMniC. Feb. 18. Mar. 17, Apl. 14. May 12
CRETIC Mar. 3. Mar. 31. Apl. 28
Flrst-cla*?. 5C0 and $ti5 upward, accord-
ing to eteamer. For placs, etc., address
WHITE STAR L.INE. 77-S1 SUte St.,
Boston . cr to C. P. TAYLOR, 21 Port «t.
Jfamburg-Jtmerican.
Bi- weekly Twla-Scretr Service.
Tor Plynoutli, Cherbourg 1 . Hambnrr.
p.. riC '. Ffb. Mar. 24
•MoUke '.' Mar. ::,'Mcltke .. ...Mar. 31
VrfX-tritL ...Mar 1-Pentiyslvsnla ..Apl. -'
T\'a1<Jer«e« Mar. 1* "Deutschland ..Apl. 7
•Grillroom ard cymnssiuni on board.
SA.SZSIT&G-ASrEKICAM' HHE.'
r.'fir«»« 33 and 37 Broadway. Xew York.
IIERZOG & CO . 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
c < Al.AMI'UA. 1nr Honolulu, IVb. HO. 11 a.m. I
g c KJFUKA for Honolulu. Samoa. AucK- •
l.'nVi an<t Sydney. Tliun*. Marrh 3. 2 p. m. .
r,? SUHIIWA for Tahiti, Mch. IS. 11 a. nv
O.ff K£U* Bsi.«, «Jtt..nttE!to,C« S2itK3
feiSt.2a.SI! ZriiUL.ffc.-h. ITtiSttl
ICKPAG1TC5 GEKE2ALE TXa!rSATIi4Wril7 J.
D1KKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
.-_::::£• every Thursday m.-t-ad <f «JX*f*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, »••**-«
£.>rth Kiver. foot or Morton «t.
Fiift class to Havre. f(0 and upward. Eec-
t,nA flat* to Havre. £45 and upward. GEN-
FHAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
(MVADA, 32 Erosdway (Hudson Huil.iine),
KMT York. 3. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Parlflc Coaat
Ap<-r.tt? 5 Montgomery avenue. Kan Francisco.
Ttrkeir *o>d hy all rtailrnart Tloket Agent*.
XIa.r« I*land cad. .Y^'A 0 . _???*?****•^
~^^n^er~GENTFniSBIE cr 1IONT1CELLO—
b.45 a. in.. 3:15 and f :3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Hundav, 9:45 a. tn., fe:Stf i>. tn. Leave Va He Jo
7 a. m~ 12:30 and 6 p. m.. «x. Sunday. Sun-
«»av 7 u m.. «:15 P- tn. Fare, 50 cents. TeL
Wa'i'n ISCS. Pier 2. Mi«ion-sU dock. HATCH
unos.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
DEATH CAUSED
BY ACCIDENT
After an Investigation, Police
Report That 3Irs. Mary
Sanborn Fell Downstairs
SUSPECT IS RELEASED
Records Show Woman's Ar
rest at One Time for Acting
as Fence for Russian Crooks
!
An investigation has been made by
Detectives Dinan and Wren Into the
! death of Mrs. Mary Sanborn, which
j occurred at 230»i Third street early yes
i terday morning, and they have come
I to the conclusion that it was acciden
tal. Mrs. Sanborn and Daniel Ryan,
; a teamster living: at 8 Hampton place,
had been drinking In Mrs. Mary
Knighton's room. About 1 o'clock yes
j terday morning Ryan left the room
I and during his absence Mrs. Sanborn
started to leave for her room at 226
i Thfrd street. It is supposed that in
j going downstairs she missed her foot
ing and fell to the bottom, where she
I vras found in a dying condition by
i Ryan on his return.
Ryan carried her upstairs to Mrs.
Knighton's room, where she died in
a few minutes from a fractured skull.
Mrs. Knighton told the detectives that
■ before Mrs. Sanborn died she whis
; pered to her, "Charley did it," mean
i ing Charles Hamlin, who had been liv
j ing with her. Hamlin and Mrs. Knigh
j ton were arrested in view of the wo
j man's statement, but Hamlin was able
j to satisfy the detectives that he was
j not in the vicinity of 230'fc Third street
\ at the time of the accident. Captain
1 Martin later instructed the detectives
j to release Hamlin and Mrs. Knighton.
; FENCE FOR CROOKS.
Mrs. Sanborn had a police record.
i She was known as "Russian Mary."
j having been born in Alaska of Rus-
I sian parents fifty years ago. In the
j beginning of 1SS3 ten Russians, who
! escaped from a prison in Siberia, ar
j rived in this city, and Mrs. Sanborn
I became acquainted with them. They
j turned out to be criminals of the worst
! description. Mrs. Sanborn rented a
i house on Langton street and became
a "fence" for three of the gang — Ashani
Deker, Alexander Schinkovsky, alias
Sinke. and Martin Jschinsky.
These three men robbed the store of
j M. Prince in Santa Rosa in April. 1S93,
i and the store of E. S. Elkers, Sacra
! mento, in the following October, bring
, ing the stolen goods to this city and
' hiding them in Mrs. Sanborn's house
i on Langton street, where they were dls
! covered.
WOMAX GIVF.S TESTIMONY.
The three men were arrested on two
i charges of burglary each and Mrs. San
j born for receiving stolen property. The
j men were tried and convicted. Deker
,' was sentenced to serve nine years in
! San Quentln; Schinkovsky to five years
; and Jschinsky to ten years. The case
: against Mrs. Sanborn was dismissed on
; motion of the District Attorney, as she
I gave important testimony for the pros-
I ecution. After the men had been re
■ leased Schinkovsky, under the name of
i Jack Sanborn, and Jschinskr, under the
; name of William Hunter, were arrested
fcr burglary in Monterey County and
: each was sentenced on November 14,
■ 1S00. to serve fifteen years In San Qilen
i tin, .where Schinkovsky died on Sep
| tember 27. 1902.
Mrs. Sanborn had been divorced from ;
j her husband and had a son, William, i
| living in Astoria.
Fine Programme Is Arranged.
The California Sunflower League
will hold "ye olde time concert and
dance" at Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin
street, this evening. An exceptionally
fine programme of vocal and instru
mental music will be rendered by well
known musicians during the course of
the entertainment. .
RENO. Xev.. Feb. 17.— P. S. Smith, assist
ant superintendent of construction at East
Reno, had both legs broken this afternoon by
being struck by a falling iron casting.
ADVEBTISEHZNTS.
J ~
BENGUIATS I
Auction ;
Sale of
* : An event of great Importance to lor
! en of the beautiful and artistic in
rugi ii now going- on In tbe
! Palace Hotel
■ (Maple and Marble Room*.)
j __. j
' Teiterday dozens of beautiful an-
tique and almost priceless rugm went
.* under the hammer at a small fraction
of their value.
! SALE DAYS AND HOURS :
Td=Daylt°P- ffl -
I J 7:30 p. in.
Friday — 1:30 p. m. only
Saturday 7:39 p. m. only
\\ Tbe entire collection is . on exhlbi-
tlon each day before hours of sale.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Auctioneers.
Asthma cured
To fUr cured. H*»lth restored. Attacks never
return. Write for Book CO, free to any Asthma
ik Hay Fever sufferer. ', Address P. HAROLD
HAYES. Buffalo, N. Y. fiSH
•'• .----•-•••■' ■• • • • ■•..■--- - .- - • ;■■ - . . .,„.•- • • ■
THE SAX ,FRAXCISe(X .CALL. .THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 18. 1904.
SAYS LABOR SITUATION
ASSURES ERA OF PEACE
Frank Buchanan, PresidenLof Union, Visits
Pacific Coast and Congratulates Local Leaders on Good
Conditions That Prevaif Thrbughout'the" Western Cities
i . , - ■ i ■ -
FRANK BUCHANAN, WHO WILL MAKE ' A TOUR OF THE LARGE
CITIES OF THE PACIFIC COAST IN THE INTEREST OF THE LA
BOR UNION HE REPRESENTS. ... i
Frank Buchanan, president of the
International Association of Bridge and
Structural Iron Workers, who arrived
In this city from Xew York City last
Saturday, is bringing about several al
terations in the various local unions of
iron and pile drivers.
Though President Buchanan has trav
eled across the continent effect these
necessary alterations, he also comes
with the idea of getting valuable in
formation on the subject of labor or
ganization and to learn the methods
used by local leaders in bringing about
the present satisfactory conditions. Mr.
Buchanan said last night:
As far as San Francisco Is concerned there
is little that I can do other than promote a
eense of harmony between the Pile-drivers'
Association and the international association
that I represent.
Local Union Xo. 1 should be affiliated with
the international association. Xo. 31 affiliates
and, as a result, controls the greater part of
the erection of structural Iron; therefore it
would greatly benefit it to join ulih us as
soon as possible.
As tor the pile-drivers, they do a great
amount of false work on bridges and steel
buildings, and I hope that with the assist
ance of Mr. McCarthy and a few others an
amalgamation may be accomplished, for there
Is no reason why the various branches of
■workers should not Increase their strength by
unity and at the same time work harmoniously.
Altogether. I think the workingman of San
Francisco should congratulate himself upon the
prevailing conditions, for not only is he able
to look out for himself, but be is in a position
to aid his brother /workers all over the world. S
While on the coast I will visit Seattle. Port'
land and Los Angeles and will endeavor to
Improve the labor conditions of the southern
part of the State.
In Xew York the situation is good. An
agreement between the employers and the
labor organizations is about to be signed and
the trouble U practically over. Sam Parks
has absolutely no Influence among the work-
Ingmen. The employers, according to my
idea, were not justified in acting as they did
toward the labor unions, but without a doubt
they had good ground for complaint against
the methods used by Parks and several other
representatives of bis caliber.
Mr. Buchanan Is accompanied by his
HONOR THE MEMORY
OF DEPARTED MEMBERS
Ignatian Council, Youngr Men's Insti
tute, Arranges to Hold Service
at Holy Cross Church.
Ignatian Council No. 35, Y. M. I.,
will offer up a solemn high requiem
mass for the repose of the. souls of
the deceased members of that council
and all deceased members of the
Young Men's Institute at the- 10
o'clock mass at Holy Cross Church
Monday. . .**c "«,•->
For sixteen years the members of
No- 35 and their friends have annu
ally assembled on the morning of
Febiuary 22 at some church in the
city and, during the holy sacrLice of
the mass, have recalled to "mind- their,
departed brothers of No. 35 and in
their behalf and in behalf of ail de
ceased members of the order have of
fered up to the throne of grace their
most fervent prayers.
- A fine special programme of appro
priate music is being arranged, and an
eloquent sermon will be delivered.
All members of the order and a!! rel
atives and friends of both livinz and
deceased members are Invited ti at
tend. ' ' :. ;
Joy's Estate Causes Trouble.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 17. — James Joy. was
to-day appointed administrator upon
the estate of his deceased brother," John
C. Joy, conditioned upon his giving a
$60,000 bond. His application was op
posed by his nephew, Walter Joy. Pub
lic Administrator Kell' also contested
for the place. The estate ,'consis'ts^of
aboujt $25,000 in bank. Most of the heirs
reside in New York and Illinois/-
wife and son and will leave for the
north in a few days.
THREATENED STRIKE OF
N MILK DRIVERS CALLED OFF
In accordance with instructions from
the Labor Council, a halt has been
called on the threatened milkdrivers*
strike. , • ;
The trouble was supposed to have
arisen from a dispute between two fac
tions of producers over the price
charged for milk. One combine Is
charging 52 50 per quart and the other
$2. The allegation was that the
drivers were standing in with the high
er-priced combine, but the council dis
credited the theory, as it will not be a
party to any element to aid producers
in raising prices.
The following committee has been
appointed by Seal Rock Lodge Xo. 197,
Switchmen's Union, for the annual ball
to be held to-morrow night: J. P.
Murphy (chairman), F. H. Blackwell,
George Elliott. Floor— C. Hobson, D.
O. Pankey, H. E. Williams, J. J. Lin
sey, James P. Murphy, E. Alvers,
James E. Meligan, B. W. Bryant, D.
Speers, Edward Horan, F. E. Donham,
C. E. Lewis, George Elliott, F. H. Feth
eroff, H. Dohman, A. Mulcahy, C.
Byrne, Albert Waugh. Reception-
Frederick Miller, F. S. Langdon, George
L. Martin, John Crofton, William Fer
ris, Samuel Noll, W r . S. Rankin, C. Sy
mons, M. J. Curran, John Kelley, R. T.
O'Rourke, W. J. Poynez, E. S. Brown,
Thomas Riley, C. Addington, R. Emer
son, E. Alvers, R. N. Foster, C. Crew,
L. S. Hackett and A. E. Lang. F. H.
Blackwell will be floor director, with J.
J. Allen assistant.
The following officers were elected
for the Packing Trades' Council at the
meeting last night: President, W. A.
Short; vice president, A. F. Breslin;
secretary-treasurer, Herman May;
guardian, Charles Wenk; trustees— C.
F. Schelthe, Joseph M. Lyons, James
R. Richardson. <
FIRE COMMISSIONER ,
INJURED IN ACCIDENT
Frank A. Maestretti Is Thrown From
Buggy and Sustains Cut
on Head.
Frank A. Maestretti of the Board of
Fire Commissioners was injured yes
terday, afternoon by being thrown out
of a business buggy at the junction of
Larkin street and City Hall avenue.
.Maestretti was thrown out of the
buggy as it turned the corner and
struck ■ the • pavement, receiving an
ugly cut on the head. The wound was
dressed at the Central Emergency
Hospital, after which the injured man
was removed to his home at 152 Wood
street. .- ■ . \
To Build Ten-Mile Road.
Contracts have been let for the
building of ten miles of broad gauge
railroad from Placerville to the lum
ber mills of the '-. Eldorado Lumber
Company. The company has several
million feet, of lumber awaiting, ship
ment' and. the -new' road, upon which
work will-begin in a*few days, will fa
cilitate the; moving of material to
the' track3 of the 'Southern Pacific
Company, by : which it : can be carried
to 'market. • '. The contract for the con
struction • work . was awarded to Car
ney, Roy & Carney of ; Santa Barbara.
Lines FrbihUne'Log Book of the Cal
■. •••"; if omia" Limited.
- "Tour tables : arct dainty, your, viands
are . flne,^ your J berths , are the softest
hence slumber-divine; 'your parlor Ms
cozy, /attendants «.benlgn, your library
choicest and service sublime." — Mrs. Bert
Schlesingcr, *The* Princeton, • San Fran-
GOOD PLACES
ON THE LIST
Talk That Republican Aspirant
May Be Named Secretary of
Yoscmite Valley Commission
LERMEN'S LONG LEASE
Gen. John H. Dickinson Ready
to Accepfc*thc Nomination for
State Senator inNinthDistrict
The duty of appointing a Commis
sioner of the Yosemite Valley, to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of W.
W. Poote, devolves upon the Governor
of the State. Mr.'- Foote was appointed
to the commission in 1897 by Governor
Budd and was reappointed by Gov
ernor Gage in 1901. One of the first
acts of the Yosemite Commission after
the appointment of Mr. Foote was the
displacement of the Republican secre
tary and the election of J._ J. Lermen, a
Democrat.
The fact that the latter has held the
office of secretary of the commission
for five years under Republican admin
istration has caused a deal of comment
In political Circles. The comments are
'of this style: "Why should not the ap
pointing power under a Republican ad
ministration recognize the Republicans
who go to the front and win victories
for the party?"
In the State Blue Book of 1S99 the
salary of the secretary was listed at
$600 a year. In the new Blue Book it is
rated at $1500. There has been no
actual change in the compensation.
The salary was probably 51500 per an
num when it was listed in the book at
5600. The low rating was probably
made for the purpose of reducing the
number of aspirants for the place.
Under the new apportionment of leg
islative districts, the counties of Marin
and Contra Costa constitute the Ninth
Senatorial district. In the Presidential
election of 1900 the Republican plurality
in Contra Costa County was 616 and
in Marin County 777, or 1393 in the Sen
atorial district. In the contest for State
Senator that year Charles JVI. Belshaw,
Republican, defeated his Democratic
adversary, James H. Wilkins. by 303
votes. The election returns indicated
that four hundred Republicans In Marin
County supported the Democratic nom
inee. The rule has long prevailed to
give the Senatorship to Marin one term
and to Contra Costa the following term.
It is now Marin's term, as Contra Costa
had an inning in 1900. The point, how
ever, is raised that Marin did not play
fair in the last contest, but on the con
trary put forth every exertion to de
feat the Contra Costa Republican nom
inee and elect a Marin County Demo
crat. There is talk of reprisal. It
would not surprise the politicians to
hear that Charles M. Belshaw had en
tered the field as a candidate for re
election. There is also talk that Mar
tinelli and Chapman will not have
everything their own way in the Re
publican camp of Marin County. Gen
eral John H. Dickinson is In^the field
as an aspirant for the Republican nom
ination. General Dickinson represented
the old Tenth district in the State Sen
ate throughout the twenty-third and
twenty-fourth sessions at the Legisla
ture. Subsequently he represented Con
tra Costa and Marin In the Senate dur
ing the thirty-second and thirty-third
sessions. He is a popular man and a
campaigner of the first grade.
At the meeting of thej State Board
of Harbor* Commissioners yesterday
the resignation of Donald de V. Gra
ham, wharfinger, was reluctantly ac
cepted. Eugene Cohen was elected to
succeed Mr. Graham. There is gossip
in political circles to the effect that
the appointment of Senator Frank
French to the position of Superintend
ent of Tugs and Dredges Is simply the
fulfillment pt a promise made at the
last session of the Legislature and does
not signify that he will be expected to
support either Bard or Oxnard for the
United States Senate at the next legis
lative session. . >
WILL MEET TO DISCUSS
CALIFORNIA EXHIBITS
Representatives of All Commercial
Bodies to Confer With Representa
tives of Sacramento Valley.
A meeting will be held in the rooms
of the San Francisco Board of Trade
next Tuesday afternoon at which rep
resentatives of all the commercial
bodies of San Francisco will be pres
ent The purpose of the gathering is
to discuss matters relating to the ex
hibits to be sent to the St. Louis Ex
position. General J. G. Martine and
F. A. Beard of Sacramento will speak
of the collective exhibit that will b^
made at St. Louis by the counties of
the Sacramento Valley, under the aus
pices of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association.
A new movement In Northern Cali
fornia Is represented by the Sacra
mento Valley Development Associa
tion. ..This is the first time in the his
tory of this part of the State that a
dozen counties have combined in an
effort to make. one great exhibit at a
great world's fair. Preparations for
the event have been in progress for
several months and a magnificent ex
hibit has been prepared. The prin
cipal feature' will be the showing of
fruit representing* the industry In
which the Sacramento Valley lead.?.
The association has at Sacramento
more than 2000 jars of fruits preserv
ed for exhibition purposes, the whole
comprising a fyit exhibit that sur
passes anything ever before assembled
in this State or elsewhere, so say ex
perts-who have seen it. Some idea'of
its magnitude may be gathered from
the fact ' that it represents . an outlay
of nearly $15;000..
Harry YVaidelich Exonerated.
'Coroner Leland held an irjquest yes
terday on the body of Pius Lagler, a
teamster,- who died' on. February 14 fn
the City and County HosDtal from a
fractured skull. The jury returned a
verdict as follows: "Death was due
to a fall received in a scuffle with Har
ry Waidelich, who was masked - and
on his way to a masquerade ball., 'I he
evidence shows the scuffle to have
been a friendly., one. We exonerate
Harry -Waidelich : from any . intent to
do bodily harm to Pius Lagler.V
ASHES BLESSED
BY ARCHBISHOP
City Churches Observe Open
ing of the Lenten Season
With Appropriate Ceremonies'
FORTY DAYS' ABSTINENCE
Sermons Preached Admonish
ing* All to Deny Themselves
During Time q| Fasting
The Lenten season was ushered in
with appropriate ceremonies in the local
Roman Catholic and Episcopal churches
yesterday morning. Ash Wednesday
is one of the most Important fast days
of the Christian year and the attend
ance at early masses in the various
churches showed that the people real
ized the solemnity of the occasion and
are preparing for the forty days of
self-denial which will terminate in the
Easter rejoicing.
There was little out of the ordinary
annual routine In the day's services at
the churches. At St. Mary's Cathedral
a high mass was celebrated by Father
Dempsey. Prior to this the ashes had
been blessed by Archbishop Riordan
ar.d after the services they were dis
tributed to the congregation. At the
evening service a sermon was preached
by the Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
who spoke of the Importance of observ
ing the Lenten season. Similar services
were held in all the Catholic churches.
During Lent special will be
held on Wednesdays and Fridays. On
Wednesday's Instruction will be given
and on Fridays the stations of the cros3
will be observed. •
At St. Ignatius Church the ashes were
blessed by the celebrant at the 6:15
mass and afterward distributed. Serv
ices were held last night.
In the various Episcopalian churches
the special services for Ash Wednes
day were held according to the pre
scribed form. Brief sermons were
preached, admonishing the members of
the congregations to deny themselves
of luxury during the period of fasting
and devote more time to prayer and re
pentance.
TO BE ORDERED
OFF SIDEW ALKS
Board of Works Takes Action
to Cause Removal of Flower
Venders From Pnblic Streets
The Board of Public Works yesterday
referred to President # Schmitz, with full
power to act, the protest of the Retail
Florists' Association against allowing
the stationary flower venders to ply
their trade on Kearny and Market
streets and petitioning the board to
cause their removal from the public
streets. Schmitz expressed himself in
favor of putting a stop to the obstruc
tion of sidewalks in the manner de
scribed and will instruct Officer Beach
to order the venders off the streets un
der penalty of arrest. The attorney of
the Merchants' Association reported
that the venders were occupying the
streets illegally.
The board rescinded its former ac
tion in dismissing Michael Murphy
from his position as paver and adopted
a new resolution, suspending Murphy
for thirty days. The Civil Service Com
mission found Murphy guilty of neglect
of duty, but refused to concur in his
dismissal, which, it claimed, would be
too severe a punishment.
The board decided to ask City At
torney Long for an opinion as to the
contention of the Civil Service Com
mission that an employe may not be
dismissed without its permission, al
though it finds that charges against
him have been sustained.
J. J. Dowling was cited to appear
and explain, why he constructed three
side sewers In Ninth avenue and seven
side sewers in Willard street contrary
to the provisions of the charter requir
ing a deposit to defray the estimated
cost of the work. .
The • communication from Grand
Juror R. C. de Boom stating that the
Street Department has neglected to
comply with the terms of a resolution
of the Supervisors adopted June 18, 1894,
declaring Clement street from Thirty
third avenue to Forty-eighth avenue
and Forty-eighth avenue from Clement
street to the Government reservation to
be open public streets was referred to
the City Engineer for Investigation. De
Boom says the city was paid 575,000 by
the United States Government for flfty
flve acres of reservation lands and the
opening of Clement street was part of
the contract of sale.
The Bureau of Streets and the United
Railroads were directed to repair forth
with certain portions of Third street
between Mission and Berry, the pave
ment of which shows many defects
since it was laid three months ago.
Accused of Robbing Soldiers.
Detectives "Wren and Ryan arrested
two habitues and the night clerk of a
lodging-house at 45 A Stockton street
last night and placed them on the
detinue book at the City Prison. Their
names are Mabel Wallace, Kate Dono
van and A. C. Cleal. Two discharged
soldiers, George N. Wilkie and Wil
liam McArthur, accuse the girls of
drugging their liquor with cigar ashes
and robbing them of $50 while they
were unconscious. Another girl,
named Irene, they allege, was in on
the deal, but she has not been ar
rested yet. The night clerk was taken
into custody on the suspicion that he
was Implicated in the robbery. The
soldiers claim that the women also
short-changed them to the amount of
$7. Wilkie had a check for $150,
which the women overlooked.
Sues Flynn for Damage?.
Sarah M. Williamson, who was
knocked down by a team owned by
John T. Flynn last July, sued Flynn
yesterday for $2100 damages. She
says the accident was due to the care
lessness of the driver employed by the
defendant.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S '
PAW=PAW
Cured a Bright Young
Man of the
DRINK HABIT
DrvmKcnness, Nervousness and
Sleeplessness Caused by
DYSPEPSIA
Munyon's Paw-Paw Positively
Cures All Stomach
Ailments.
P^ MOTHER writing to Prof>ssnr Mun-
yon from a nearby city says: "My
son. through bad associations, became
addicted to strong drink, and we had al-
most despaired of saving him from a
drunkard's grave. Ills stomach and
nerves had become totally wrecked. Two
weeks ago my sister, who lives in San
Francisco, sent me a bottle of Paw-Paw
for him. and. stranere to say. it not only
cured his stomach trouble, but has taken
away all desire for alcoholic drinks. He
has gained 11 pounds in flesh, and now
eats well and sleeps well. May God bless
you for. giving the world this wonderful
medicine."
Surely this mother has reason to feel
grateful, and it is my opinion, previous-
ly expressed, that the clergymen In this
country could do no greater service to
the cause of. temperance than tuadvocate
the general use of my Paw-Paw, for by
its use drunkenness would be- lessened
and the morals and health of the com-
munity greatly improved.
A wife whose husband is addicted to
drinking can do nothing better for her-
self "or family than to get a bottle of this
Paw-Paw, and whenever her husband
feels the need of a tonic give him a ta-
blespoonful of Paw-Paw. She will find
that he will soon lese all cravings for
strong drinks — that his appetite will
soon become natural, that his nervous-
ness and longing for excitements will
disappear, and he will be perfectly sat-
isfied without alcoholic stimulants and
harmful beverages.
Almost every human being some tim^
requires a stimulant. NOT AN ALCO-
HOLIC STIMULANT, not a stimulant
that will buoy up for a moment and then
cast down to lower depths of depression,
but a stimulant that will give an abiding
strength and lasting force.
My Paw-Paw aids the stomach to di-
gest hearty foods and to make good, rich
blood, which again in turn strengthens
the nerves, vitalizing all the tissues, and
soon produces muscles, tissues and bone.
MCNTON.
Paw-Paw does away with th«* desire for
strong drink by satisfying and strength-
ening the stomach and nerves. It gives
exhilaration without intoxication.
Paw-Paw gives you a good appetite
and secures for the body every benefit
which food Is designed to bring.
Take a bottle home with you to-day,
and if that home contains a w*-nk or re-
bellious stomach, a set of disordered
nerves, a vain seeker after sleep. Paw-
Paw will bring quick relief, and more
recruits will be gained for Munyon's
great, and growing army of the cured.
Munyon's Paw-Paw (large bottles*,
price $1.00. Paw-Paw Pills, 25 cents per
bottle. At all druggists'. * '"■;■
P y i y\ t i in £
... w ■
. and
! Developing
AT CTJT PBICES.
My work, in this line is known all over
j the coast, and my prices appeal to every
" one. I have established a standard of
excellence In this kind of work which gives
It special value.
Here are a few of my figures:
DEVELOPING. PRINTING.
' Roll of «. .. 10c Solio finish. 3c to 5c
Roll of 12. 15c Velox finish. 3c to 6c
1 Following are a few prices or films for
popular sites of kodaks: Size I»ix2. 12 ex-
posures, 25c: 2i 4 x3".i. 6 exposures. 25c, 12
exposures, 40c; 2 1 ~x4Vi. 6 exposures, 23c;
12 exposures. 50c; 3>4x4Vi, « exposures.
35c; 12 exposures. 70c; 3^x3%. tt expos-
ures, 60c; 12 exposures. 6Cc. Also a full
line of other popular sizes at reasonable
prices.
Out of town orders promptly flllsd.
THAT MAW PITTS.
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 1IABXET ST- Ahova PowtU.
SAN FRANCISCO.
j . _
I^NFANTS^^JNVALID^^
Thin babies become plump
babies when fed with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
ishes.
Whether you nurse your baby or use Mel-
lin's Food you will find our book, "Ths
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it; It will be seat free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
0 visit* DR. JORDAN'S great (J
{MUSEUli OF AMATOMYI
• \ fej/ ' ' The Largest A»atcmic»l Museum in th« \
A — gi3L^- VT»cl<t we»k««»»«» «r any contracted A
O IgS 1 s ?==* :1 it OB t4 « Coc«. E3S. j6 ysirj. Q
A J§g 1 OR. JORDAN-DISEASES Of MEH A
A I TVl/H Tr««tnient ptrjoniiiy or br letter. A A
\ M V *\ H '»•"»'■• tWr» ia tvsty cue undertake*. \
nPn\\&> Wr1te for *>**' rwLsaoraY • r A
y I (I 1t» ninnucK, mailxo frs*. uf
\ ii H- 'liuiWe bsok for an) . \
Y DB. JORD AS A CO.. 1031 MurSf t St.S. F. V
Always .Remember the Fall .Nfine
B axative .Rromo QprnsiQ
Cures a Cold in One Day, Grip in 2 Days
WeakMen and Women
SHOULD USB DAiUANA BITTER3. THE
Great' Mexican 'Remedy; fives health ana
•trr^xtb u gexual organs. Deyot, 323 Uarktu.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
To Be Bank President.
BT ELBHHXJE G. KEITH.
JFonr.iTly Present Metropolitan National
Bank Chicago: PrwiJent ChicaRO
' Title and Trust Co.J
fCopynght. 1H04, by Joseph B. Bcwlf*.)
l/?t th* young man who would be
come a successful bank president first
look around him that he may form as
intelligent an idea as possible of the
sort of men- who are called upon to
hold the guiding reins over the affairs
of large financial institutions. Next
he should gain at least a general
knowledge of the duties of a bank
jresident and then study closely the
methods by which men have made
their success in banking. Above all,
he will have to acquire a thorough
knowledge of the business itself, and
this, in most cases, will be gained by
actual experience in a bank. Early in
his career he will learn that he will
do well to supplement by hard study
the knowledge which he picks up in
performing his routine duties. In ad
dition to learning Jill he can about his
own business he should keep his eyes
open to what is going on in the out
tide world, particularly those condi
tions which have a direct bearing on
mutters of business and finance.
The president of a bank is the con
wrvator of the money deposited with
his institution along wiih the capital
representing the various stockholders.
The essential feature of his positjon is
to handle deposits in such a way that
they will show profitable- returns.
Upon him rests the responsibility for
making loans, from which the rev
enues of the bank are derived. This
requires a skillful knowledge of such
investments as will not only pay
profits, but which can be readiiy
turned into money In case of need.
From this it will be seen that the
bank president must have a compre
hensive knowledge of the general field
of mercantile and manufacturing
business and know the methods by
which business of various kinds is
transacted. In fact, he ehould be ac
quainted with the affairs of everything
on which he bases credit. For In
stance, in loaning money on stocks of
any kind he must know as to whether
their merits are near the price at
which they are being sold. It will be
to his advantage if he has touched
elbows with men of all lines of busi
ness, for he must be a good Judge of
human nature in addition to having a
broad knowledge of business affairs.
A business man comes to a bank presi
dent for a loan. The latter must not
only acquire a definite knowledge of
;he merits of that man's business, but
acquaint himself with the borrower's
reputation, business ability, general
Handing in the business world and also
bo able to read his character.
Generally when a young man goes
to work for a bank it is as a messen
ger. This "title" aptly designates the
duties he will perform. He will carry
the mails, collect city drafts and
< hecks and later on possibly be put
to work copying and directing the
mail. Thus he will lay the foundation
for his career as a "banker." One
thing of advantage he will gain in this
work will be contact with business
men. He also will become familiar
with drafts, notes and bills of lading,
and have an opportunity to learn the
meaning of the various terms used in
the banking business.
From messenger he will graduate
into the bcokkeeping department,
where he will first be put to work
copying and keeping a record of out
f»f town clearing-house items. Thence
he will go Into the clearing-house de
partment, in which checks going into
the clearing-house are prepared. This
work wakes him up and tends to make
him rapid and accurate. Next he
would probably be advanced to the
position of statement clerk, whose du
ties conMft of keeping a record of
< hecks of certain depositors and oth
t-rvvisff helping to keep the bank's
books? in balance. By the time he has
proved himself capable in this work
he will be in line for promotion as a
1 ity bookkeeper. In which position he
will keep the accounts of merchants
and bankers doing business with the
bank.
It Is reasonable to Buppot>e that
after a young: man has had a thorough
training on tho books he will not only
know the inside workings of the bank,
but will have sained a pretty good
idea of the people doing business with
it and their standing. With this
knowledge he would be equipped to
become a receiving: teller, whose, work
It Is to receive deposits and .charge
them to the- proper departments. Pay
ing teller Is next in the line of pro
motion. The paying teller, with his
r-ssistants, looks out for all the money
paid over the counter acd has charge
of all the actual cash in the bans.
Then come the offlceVs of the bank
— assistant cashier, cashier, vice pres
ident and president. The duties of the
assistant cashier, of course, are di
rectly in line with those of the cash
ier, who is the responsible executive
head of the bank. This officer has
direct supervision over the heads of
all departments. In most cases, how
ever, the cashier is more than an ex
ecutive officer. With the broad
knowledge of business and business
people and the intimate acquaintance
of the bank's customers, which he
murt necesfiarily have, the cashier is
often called upon to do much. of the
same sort of work as the president,
and therefore in many instances the
jouns man who has worked his way
up to the former position will find
that he is a probable candidate for the
presidency.
The duties performed by the vice
president or vice presidents, as the
case may be. are. as a rule, parallel
to those of the president, who gener
ally has more work upon his shoulders
than he can do himself. Naturally,
however, the vice president does not
have the same responsibility for the
bank's affa!rs^as the chief executive.
In different banks the line of work,"
of course, varies somewhat, but In
most banks It Is about as outlined
above.
Making Ends Meet.
BT CHARLES FREHERIC GOSS. D. D
[Author of "TTie Loom of Life." #tc]
(Copyright. 1K04. by Joseph B. Bcwlt*.)
I should say (off hand) that one-ha'f
of all the troubles of matrimony are
matters of money. The problem of
"making ends meet" "gets onto human
nerves." Its solution is a stern and
imperious necessity that haunts us day
and night. It can never be disposed of
for good and all, but recurs to-day with
the same horrible complexities as yes
terday and will come back to us to
morrow lust as grimly.
I have heard of a lunatic In an in
sane asylum who wanders around the
grounds trying to bring the two ends
of a rubber band together around the
trunks of the trees. The poor fellow
had gone crazy trying to "make ends
meet." And wasn't It quite enough to
drive him wild? Think of the genius
and the agony that you yourself have
put into the effort and theji multiply
this by the numbers of individuals in
your community, and you will form
some conception of the strain that is
bearing on the nerves of the human
race.
There are four or five combinations
which affect the success or failure of
people to make ends me«t.
A woman is extravagant, when a
man is economical. (The agent of the
mortgage company Fays that this is not
the case in most of the homes of the
poor, and to this the superintendent of
a great insurance company agreed. If
the men would give their wages to their
•wives affairs would be greatly im
proved they think. Probably in the
better-to-do classes, where women are
treated as darlings rather than help
meets It is different.)
A man is when the wo
man is economical.
Both are thrifty— and they become
misers.
Both are spendthrifts— and they go to
ruin. .
Now, measure, if you can, the irrita
tions of surh possible relationships! A
man '"toils and moils" and sees his
hard-earned money scattered like chaff
before the wind. By and by he gets
sensitive, and then— morose. "What do
they care for me? All they value me
for is to earn money for them to spend!
I may wear myself out and drop in my
harness — and their only feeling will be
one of indignation," he says to himself,
until love dies in his heart.
Or a woman who longs for the noble
life that only thrift can procure, sees
her husband frittering away his money
on cigars, or dropping it into slot ma
chines, while ehe and the children have
scant share of the very necessities of
life. Xo wonder she broods over it until
she becomes embittered!
Reproaches begin to be heard. Quar
reling follows. Then comes separation
or the divorce court. -
Now, this is what I have to say. If
people want happy homes they must
arrive at a mutual agreement about the
•use of money. There are certain in
exorable laws which they break at their
peril. Along the path of obedience to
these laws, and along that path alone,
they may travel to the goal of domestic
felicity.
1. We must live within our incomes.
2. We must save something for
emergencies.
3. We must agree absolutely as to the
objects of expenditure.
4. " Neither one of us may indulge in
a purely selfish luxury.
5. Whoever handles the money ought
to give the other an "allowance."
Perhaps the last is not the least, for
nothing in the world so belittles and
degrades a grown-up person as to keep
asking for little driblets of mony. The
man who does not give his wife an
allowance does h*r a gross injustice
and dwarfs his own soul. She never
ought to have to beg. He nevef ought
to question her honesty or judgment. It
takes a saint not to become mean — If
he doles out money to his wife as if
she were a dependent. Such a woman
summoned up her courage one day and
asked her husband if he wouldn't take
her to the theater with him. His eyes
widened, and he replied in tones of sol
emn indignation: "Don't I always tell
you what I've seen and heard when I
come home? "What more do you want?"
A man ought to be a gentleman — to
be married. Nothing is more Imperative
and nothing more difficult than for hus
bands and wives to arrive at this per
fect understanding about the use of
their income. I have known of a
woman whose heart was broken into
little bits because her husband told her
that she was not "saving." She con
founded the word "saving" with "econ
omy," and felt insulted. She was eco
nomical, but not saving. "Economy"
makes money go a long way, but "sav
ing" lands it in the bank. » "Economy"
is good, but it is "saving" that turns
rainy days to sunshine. Women are
likely to be economical and not saving,
men to be saving an,d not economical.
Hear the conclusion of the whole
matter: No home will be happy where
money Is not expended wisely.
Worth Repeating.
The following from the Llvermore
Leader can bear repetition:
"The San Francisco Call is rapidly
coming to the front as the leading
home paper among the big dailies. No
better evidence. of this could be cited
than the fact that of its issue of Sun
day, January 31, there were printed and
distributed 85,440 full and complete
copies of forty-four pages each", requir
ing the use of over 50,000 pounds of
paper. We are pleased to note the rapid
strides of- The Call in the matter of cir
culation, as it is one of the brightest,
cleanest and newsiest of newspapers
and deserving of the Increasing support
which it is receiving."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY IS, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISGQGALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ........... Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <3^^^^^ > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY . . . . . . FEBRUARY 18, 1904
RUSSIAN PRACTICES.
A SYMPOSIUM for Japanese and Russians had
been arranged in New York, that representatives
of the two nations might meet on neutral ground
and state their case, or merely enjoy social association
with Americans, if they would have it so. The Russians
stayed away, giving as-*a reason that American public
sentiment is' unfriendly to them.
Why should it not be so? Their country repeatedly
broke its promise to ours to evacuate Manchuria. It at
tempted to force China into the secret treaty of last year,
and when our Minister at Peking detected the scheme
and notified his Government of it Russia denied the
transaction and openly impeached the veracity of the
American Minister. Subsequently it was disclosed be
yond dispute that our Minister was exactly correct -in
his report. While our Government has properly main
tained a dignified attitude in the matter, its opinion of
the Russian sort of diplomacy has been expressed in its
continued confidence in our Minister. If Russia's at
tack on him -had been truthful, he would have been re
called for deceiving his Government to the disadvantage
of a friendly power.
The American people are free to express themselves,
and to go beyo'nd the passive attitude of their Govern
ment. Their disposition to do so has been enhanced by
the pro- Russian position of Mr. Michael Davitt. Amer
ica has its commercial rights in Eastern Asia, and will
use all the \ resources of diplomacy to prevent Russia
again closing the opposite coast. Pacific America is vi
tally interested, for the Asian coast is to our trade what
Europe is to the Atlantic seaboard. We won the Pa
cific Ocean with our navy in Manila Bay, and do not
propose to have it turned into a Russian lake.'
This country is aware of the ambition of Russia to be
the ruler of all Asia. That ambition is shown by the
Czar's testy temper concerning the British expedition in
to Tibet, and his designs upon the Indian frontier. Look
at the map, and drop the Russian frontier from Batoum
to the Persian Gulf and thence around Cape Comorin, to
include hither and farther India, Burmah, and, excepting
French Indo-China, the whole Asian coast to Vladivo
stok, and what use is the Pacific Ocean to us? Yet that is
the comprehensive plan of the Muscovite.
It is not venturing too far to say that with such a
Russia our own position will be exposed to the same
peril that is now upon Japan, for the grasping ambition
that is capable of such a plan will not stop with the con
trol of one coast of the Pacific. It is not in the interest
of the human race, nor of civilization, to permit the ag
gregation of such a power. Therefore, our diplomatic
move to protect the integrity of China.
We hqve committed no aggression upon Russia any
where, yet her brutal Cossacks have not respected our
flag and our consulate- American sentiment is fully
alive to what goes on wherever the Russian foot is
planted. Her soldiers have always been brutal wherever
a Russian army has appeared. The word brutal is used
with full knowledge of its unfitness, and its affront to
our brethren that breathe in the flesh, the beasts that
perish, for no four-footed thing, no reptile that crawls
crookedlj-, and no bird of prey that flies in the air, was
ever guilty of the atrocities of Russian soldiery on the
Rhine and in Asia.
The laws of war require safe conduct to non-comba
tants out of the territory of an enemy. The Japanese
civilians escaping from the Russian zone in Manchuria
have been robbed, beaten and subjected to unspeakable
outrage. The neutral rights of Germans and Americans
have been violated, and the Russian officers have failed
to control their fiendish subordinates. Japanese prison
ers of war have been treated with the utmost cruelty
and inhumanity, and, while these things have been going
on, not a Russian in Japan has been even demonstrated
against. The Russian Minister and his countrymen in
Seoul have been given safe conduct and treated with
respect, and wounded Russian prisoners of war are being
carefully treated in Japanese hospitals.
If Russia expect that these events will not impress
public sentiment in this country, then she has no con
ception of the civilization of the United States. War is
not what it was in the time of Rurik and things have
changed much since the days of Catherine II. Russia
cannot play the part of Hyder AH in the Carnatic, nor
even of Louis %IV in the Palatinate, and hold a place
among the civilized nations. Japan is recognized as her
superior in all the respects that make a country an ac
ceptable member of the family of nations. Two months
ago Russia appealed to Christendom for sympathy in a
controversy with a pagan nation. If her policy at home
and her practices abroad are illustrative of Christianity,
then give us pagandom in preference, if Japan be its ex
ponent. The Japanese persecute no one on account of
religion. They are hospitable to the rights of con
science, and yield to every man's altar the same respect
they desire to be shown to theirs. They are frank and
open and truthful in their diplomacy. The soldiers of
Japan abstain ftom robbery and. outrage, and they ob r
serve the laws of war as laid down in. the Geneva con
vention.
•The foregoing is, we believe, a fair statement of the
reasons that exist in our national policy and in the senti
ment of our people, for lack of sympathy with Russia in
this country. It will be seen that we have not manu
factured those reasons. They exist in the policy - and
practices of Russia herself.
An explanation of the unprepared condition of the
Russian fleet at Port Arthur is given in the assertion that
the officers of the fighting ships were interested spec
tators at a circus that evening. What an aggregation of
clowns these same officers gave to the world, though,
before morning dawned.- ';;n"«;i. ;
A CHAPTER ON MICROBES.
a BRUSSELS scientist has just announced to a
/\ listening world that in every clasp of the hand
•* *• between man and man there lurks a danger of
hideous death. For, according to this savant, in this ex
pression of amity there are exchanged from 40,000 to
80,000 microbes of all degrees of virulence. A man may
thus wipe off upon the palm of his dearest friend enough
germs to start an embalmed beef factory or he may set
his deadliest enemy upon the quick path to sudden dis
solution. *A11 are not equally endowed by these patho
genic protoplasms according to the Belgian doctor. Sur
geons, sausage-makers, barbers, leather-dressers; 'and
dealers in the delectable tripe have, upon conservative
estimate, 80,000 mites to the square inch upon their
hands, and far up their arms. They should be pariahs in
the modern body antiseptic of this commonwealth of
science which is ours. ■. ...... • .
This priceless contribution to the knowledge of man-
kind which comes from over seas demands the instant
attention of every individual in every walk of life. For
now which of us is there who does not carry about upon
his innocent . palm forces more terrible than those
locked up in nitro-glycerine? Who is there who can truth
fully stand before the temple and announce to the ark
that he brings with him clean hands? Vain thought! We
are all of us but incubators of unrighteousness, more
perfect of action and more prolific of production than the
pride of Petaluma hatcheries.
Especially fearsome is this dread discovery of the pro
fessors, coming as it does upon the eve of a Democratic
convention, where the glad hand is to be extended and
the calumet of peace is to be handed around the motley
circle. Come William Jennings Bryan with the ancient
bug of the Kansas City platform just burning his palm;
Gorman, his dexter and sinister reeking with the anti-
Panama microtherm; Olney, now almost immune from
the Cleveland incubus, and all the rest of that motley
band of braves who are to gather in all harmony. When
the Parker hand, the Bryan hand, the Gorman hand, has
each passed about among the delegates its own particu
lar breed of germs and the fever begins to rise, what a
pitiable slaughter of innocents will there be.
There is only one way by which the convention dele
gates'may counteract the effect of this dreadful distri
bution of political microbes and hope to meet in a com
paratively sanitary atmosphere. Let each of the "unin
structed" come with medicated gauze upon his hands
and his ears stuffed with absorbent cotton, like Ulysses of
old, so that the piping of the sirens may not penetrate
unto his heart- Let there be ever in the air the spray of
an antiseptic engine to catch the bacilli which emanate
from the silver- tongued. and let it be the law that if
Bryan speak he must have chloride of lime in the crown
of his hat. ,
One of the victorious Japanese admirals now operating
with distinction in the Yellow Sea is a graduate of An
napolis. He was a good student and shows that he is a
sure master of the art of naval warfare. There is no
small measure of satisfaction in the thought that whoever
learns in our schools, of peace or of war is taught his
THE RUBBER SUPPLY.
THE presence here of Mr. Pearson, an expert in the
growth and supply of indiarubber, suggests again
that some investigation be made of the capacity of
California to grow some of the rubber-producing plants.
That important commercial article is furnished by a
number of trees and vines, some widely differing in their
botanical characteristics. The rubber from Central
America is furnished by the Castilloa alastica, related to
the breadfruit tree, and by the Manihot, connected with
the widely distributed spurge family of plants, as is the
Hevea, another large rubber producer. The East In
dian rubber is produced by the Ficus elastica, related to
the fig, and that of Africa by plants of the dogbane fam
ily. Much rubber is also yielded by a sturdy vine that
grows in Central and South America.
In. view of the considerable distribution botanically of
the rubber-yielding plants, it is quite worth while to
test them in California. Spurge is a quite common
American plant, distributed from our western deserts to
the north Atlantic coast. We have also plants of the
dogbane family and our fig tree is related to the Ficus
elastica. We have done so much in proving the hos
pitality of our soil and climate to exotics, entirely, how
ever, in the line of fruit and ornamental trees, that it is
worth while to test it in rubber. If the Agricultural De
partment at Washington would undertake it, in some of
its experimental stations in this State, the result would
be watched with interest. Most of the rubber-producing
plants are of quite rapid growth and of long life. The
isothermals of their habitat extend into California, and
only experiment can prove absolutely that they cannot
be made profitable .here.
The industry has the advantage of the absence of dis
eases and lack of insect enemies of the tree. Mr. Pear
son reports that in the East Indies, where the coffee and
tea plantations are exterminated by predatory insects,
the rubber is being substituted with success. There is a
fascination in this quest for plants of economic value,
that may be made profitable here. It has already
brought to us the whole citrus family, and the Greek fig,
and the date, and is about to domesticate here the finest
and highest priced date known, which will grow on the
Colorado Desert. Only trial and experiment have pro
duced these results, which are merely a prospectus of
what may be continued by effort and adventure in that
The Agricultural Department has just decided to es
tablish an experimental station on fifty acres of land near
Chico, and it has other stations in Southern California.
It is to be hoped that our members of Congress will
urge that rubber plants, especially those of the spurge
and ficus families, be experimented with in both locali
ties. Many owners of land would be glad to experi
jnent themselves, if the department can supply them
with the plants and with such information as it pos
sesses, or can secure, as to the methods of growth. ~
Reports of a general raid by thieves upon the money
arid jewels of American women resident and participat
ing in the gay whirl on the Riviera have been persistent
elements of news from Europe for several days. Thje
only feature of these stories fortifying their truth is that
there is not a single actress or prospective histrionic star
among the alleged victims. .
A COME-OUTER.
THE speech for Panama, the President and the canal
treaty made by Senator Clark of Arkansas was
the brave act of a come-outer. It was a frank,
bold and deserved indorsement of the President by a
Senator belonging to a party whose ancient policy held
in the days, of its vigor has been carried out by the
President in his dealing with Panama.
The Senator. pointed to the States in the South whose"
Legislatures reflect public sentiment by instructing their
Senators to vote for the treaty. Texas, Louisiana and Mis
sissippi have all so instructed, and. in other Southern
States the great commercial- bodies have done the same.
Senator Clark argued from this that the Democratic
party is not anti- Panama, arid that" it is not opposed to
the President's action and policy, and that position is
probably well taken. This means that the time spent by
Mr. Gorman in trying to make a party issue of it has
As Senator Clark has led the way, others on that side"
of the Senate will. follow and there will be a, speedy end
to an opposition' that had no higher motive than to make,
politics bier the delayed aspirations of the country.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The Doctor's Violets.
Dr.* Al McKenzie has a keen ap
preciation of the fitness of things.
Like all - model men, he be
lieves In hieing himself to his
family fireside immediately after the
cares of the office, there to remain, safe
out of harm's, way, except on lodge
nights of the knights Templar. How
ever, one day recently the doctor was
detained uncommonly late downtown
with some lodge members, discussing
the figure 8's they were to cut in the
next competitive drill of the ccrmman
dery. The time sped^on until the doc
tor noticed that It was far past his
dinner hour.
Something must be done. He finally
decided that he would bring'to his fam
ily a floral peace offering in lieu of
an olive branch. A beautiful bouquet
of violets was bought. He walked to
a corner and stood awaiting a car, hold-
Ing the flowers behind him out of
harm's way. Suddenly he felt a nib
bling and knew intuitively that all was
not well with the blooms. He looked
into the darkness and there stood a
meek-eyed horse licking his chops over
the last of the fragrant blossoms, hav
ing graciously left their stumps for the
doctor. Recognizing that fate was
leagued against the righteous, he board
ed the car for home, confident in his
power to explain away that which the
mute tongued but fickle violets had so
miserably failed to do.
r A Forlorn Hope.
"Judge," gasped a wfld-eyed young
fellow the other day as he rushed into
the chambers of Justice of the Peace
Lawson, "have you recorded my mar
riage license yet?"
"No," replied the Judge, recognizing
the young fellow as a man whom he
had married only the day before.
"Thank the Lord," came with a sigh
of relief from the lips of the breathless
young fellow. "She left me this morn
ing and skipped out with a soldier who
had Just got paid off. I got here as
quick as I could, as I knew that un
less the license was recorded we were
not married."
He almost fell in a faint when the
Judge told him that recording the li
cense had no effect on the marriage.
"I am sorry." said the Judge, "but you
are still very much married."
The Line of Life.
It is not generally known that the
late Police Judge Campbell was told
by a female palmist a few months prior
to his death that he had not long to
live and that his death would be sud
den and unexpected. The Judge at
the time was in robust health and
looked far from his end.
It was at a case in his court when
one of the witnesses declared she was
a palmist. While being cross-examined
the attorney scoffingly referred to her
alleged mystic powers, making her
angry. The Judge In a spirit of fun
put out his right hand and said: "Can
you tell my future?" The palmist
looked at the lines on the palm of his
hand for an instant and remained
silent.
"What do you see?" asked the
Judge, and the woman replied: "I
would rather not say." The Judge in
sisted and she said: "Well, I can see
that the life line is broken and that
you will meet with a sudden death be
fore this year is out." The Judge
laughed and said he was more than
ever satisfied that palmistry was all
humbug.
The prediction of the palmist was
fulfilled. In a few months the Judge
was laughing and joking one night
with some friends at the headquarters
of the Order of Chosen Friends when
he complained of a pain in his heart
and- died in a few minutes.
Me and Pat McBride.
Stretching away on every hand,
A fair domain you see —
A part belongs to Pat McBride,
A part belongs to me.
I own the golden light of morn.
With all the tints that play
Upon the springing grass and corn—
Pat owns the corn and hay.
I own the catbird, thrush and jay.
The larks that sing and soar;
Pat owns the barnyard fowls that stay
About the stable door.
And when the shadows on yon stream
Are changing every hour.
I own the right to float and dream,
Pat owns the water power.
Mine Is the murmur of this rill.
Whose sweet tones never cease.
But all the air with music fill
Pat owns that flock of geese.
I own yon creamy summer cloud
That o'er the meadow floats
Like some pure angel in a shroud-
Pat owns the Berkshire shoats.
So Pat does me a world of good.
While I do Pat no harm —
And on these terms well understood.
We both enjoy the farm.
— Commercial Advertiser.
Leap Year in the Senate.
A Western Senator, whose name is
suppressed, but who ranks among the
eligible widowers of the "august Sen
ate," was the recipient of a leap year
proposition the other day. Nebraska
is conspicuously In the eligible list, and
possibly the tender suggestion points
our way. Evidently it reached a Sen
ator who was not in a receptive mood,
else the heart-appealing missive would
not appear in the garish columns of
the Post. The lady in the case hails
from Kansas and this is her style:
"Dear Senator: I read you are one
of the widowers of the Senate who
would more than likely be the one who
would be next to get married. Now, I
write you this to ask you, if you are
not engaged to any lady, if you would
consider myself as a candidate for that
sacred trust. I am a widow, 56 years
old, and should like a good and loving
husband, one whom I could love and
trust. I find life too lonesome to live
without a good man. You may think
this very impertinent in me to writa
you, but I assure you I am no ad
venturess, only one who is so lonely,
and there are no eligible men In this
town.
"I will wait with patience .your an
swer; then I will tell you more of my
self and who I am."
The Senator's response. to this tender
missive was written by his secretary.
who Is an unfeeling man and fully
capable of slammlns the door in the
face of hope. — Omaha B^e.
Straining Mercy.
Democratic Leader "Williams in his
reply to Mr. Boutell in the House told
an anecdote of old-time Tennessee poli
tics. He prefaced it with some refer
ence to. the defeat of Meredith P. Gen
try, an old line Whig, for Governor by
Andrew Johnson, afterward President.
Gentry went into a state of decline soon
after the election, his wife died and he
was chagrined because he "had been
run over by that calf." having held
Johnson in great contempt.
"Gentry became more and more mel
ancholy," said Mr. Williams, "until fin
ally a lot of old Whigs concluded to in
vite him to Knoxville to the house of
old Dr. Sandy Williams and have a
party of friends meet him there and
have a nice time and make him forget
his sorrows.
"In those days the gentlemen had
their long-necked demijohns with their
whisky, and these old Tennessee Whigs
drank until pretty late at night,. when
old Sandy said:
" 'Gentlemen, you know it Is the cus
tom of my house whenever there is &
minister of the gospel present to have
prayers before we retire. Brother
Brownlow (Parson Brownlow) will no'.v
lead us in prayer.'
"Brother Brownlow. -who was power
ful in prayer, expanded and expanded,
and began to pray for everything. At
last he said:
" 'And. O L-ord. if in thy infinite
mercy it be possible, have mercy also
upon Andrew Johnson.'
"Then it was that Meredith P. Gen
try, great man that he was, arose with
tears streaming down hi3 face and ex
claimed:
" 'Stop. Mr. Brownlow, stop: you will
exhaust the fount of infinite mercy.' "
Name for Mukden.
A name is wanted that will correctly
and adequately describe an inland city
which is or>en to the trade of the world,
a city not approachable by water, and
one where the so-called "open door"
policy prevails. A writer in the Wash
ington Times, referring to the search
for a suitable name for such a city,
says :
"James TV. Davidson. United State3
Consul at Tamsui, Formosa, who has
just returned from Manchuria, where
he investigated commercial conditions
for the State Department, has tried for
three months to Invent the much-need
ed word, but has finally given It up.
Mukden, Manchuria, the city* which is
to be* opened to our trade by the new
commercial treaty between this coun
try and China, is the city of cities In
need of Just the designation Mr. David
son has sought to coin. It la Inland,
consequently the term port conveys the
wrong idea concerning the city. It haa
been designated by the press as an
'open port,* and the result is that most
persons think it a seaport. It not only
cannot be approached by ■water, but it
is not on the railroad. Mr. Davidson
does not approve of the term 'open
city,' as it suggests a city where the
moral tone is not up to standard.
'Treaty city' is not definite enough.
'Free, city* Is also objected to on the
ground that it may mean many other
things besides a city open to foreign
trade." > I-'-lv
Anszvers to Quenes, ■iff
TOTEM POLES — N.. City. The
totem pole in Seattle. Wash., is about
sixty feet in height*. being one of tho
tallest found in Aalaska, from which
Territory it was brought. Each totem
pole in Alaska is supposed to repre
sent a distinctive branch of a family.
BOULDER CREEK — A Subscriber.
Fresno, Cal. As the letter of inquiry
does not give the year of the heavy
rainfall at Boulder Creek, In the
Santa Cruz Mountains, the following
records taken at that place for the
Weather Bureau are given: December.
1889, 38.72 inches; January. 1890.
29.40;. February 1891, 34.03; Decem
ber, 1894, 30.53.
HEAVY DOWNPOUR — A Sub
scriber, Fresno, Cal. From an article
in the February number of Climate
and Crops. 1902, by George H. Will
son of the Weather Bureau. It ap
pears that the heaviest rainfall in
California for a number of years past
was at Branscomb, Mendocino County,
when the record for the month named
was 44.35 Inches. The next heaviest
in the same period was at Delta.
Shasta Oounty. 39.82. The greatest
dally fall was at Mount St. Helena. 7
inches, and the record at Branscomb
was for one day 6.60. During that
month the greatest daily fall at Delta,
which had the second greatest rainfall
for the month, was but 5.50. The fall
of rain at Branscomb during that Feb
ruary was, for one acre of ground.
1,205,637 gallons or 5017 tons. This
fall of 7 inches at Mount St. Helena
in twenty-four hours was equal to
190,078 gallons, or 791 tons, for or.3
acre of ground.
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau lAllen's). 2H0 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10C *
Townsend s California glace fruits and
candles, 50c w pound, tn artistic nre
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid*. •ADVEETISEMEUTS.
A LIVELY
PIANO BUSINESS
Fine New Pianos Are Now Being
Offered for Sale by the Wiley
B. Allen Co. at Such Low
Prices That a Flurry r'as
Been Created Amc-ag Piano
Bayers.
There Is a rush for pianos now. Buy-
ers have discovered that they are get-
ting fine pianos out of the Mauvais k>t
we purchased for a great deal less than
they could be bought tor in a repular
way in any establishment, and they are
telling their friends and neighbors all
about this and they in turn quickly
come to our warerooms, keeping the
salesmen bu?y- and our delivery wagons
on the go all the time.
are poing to make still biRxer
concessions in dosing out the remain-
ing lot of these pianos. Brand-new-
pianos are now being offered for $90.00,
and from this price up. Fine Baby and
Parlor Grands are selling for about
half their usual prire.
Parlor organs, and good ones, too. are
celling for less than half price.
The Simplex Players, brand-new.
Felling everywhere for $250.00, we now
offer at $175.00.
A lot of second-hand pianos which
we have taken in recently in part pay-
ment for new ones, some standard
makes like the Knabe. Chickering,
Conover, Fischer, etc.. we are selling
off in quick order at the lowest prices
imaginable.
You will find on our floors all kinds
of inducements and bargains, which we
are able to give only by reason of hav-
ing bought out an old-established con-
cern at a low figure, embracing many
valuable make* of pianos, players, etc.,
snd which we can now s^H off at retail
for less than their original wholesale
cost.
The sheet music department connect-
ed with our warerooms is now open for
business. Stores open evenings.
THE WIL.KY It. AWES CO.,
931 -933 Market Rtrwt.
; In illness and in temporary
i cpsets of the stomach, beef
tea inade with
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
will be relished and digested
j by the weakest stomach be-
; cause it is entirely free from
fat. It nourishes while it
stimulates.
The genuine has blue signature
\R( HITJXTntAF, SOCIETY
HD1.US MONTHLY BfEETIXG
Robert I. Altkcn Gives Instructive
Talk to i!k» Members of the
Association.
The San Francisco Architectural So
ciety held its regular monthly meet
ing last night at its rooms, 14 Mc-
Allister street. Robert I. Aitken ad
dressed the club on "Sculpture and Its
Relation to Architecture." He said in
part: "'It is to be lamented that these
two professions do not work more in
hand and hand together. , Architects
should show more interest in the study
of sculpture, from which they would
derive unlimited benefit. The only
rases in which we can look to at pres
ent for improvements are the inter
national exhibitions, Fuch as we will
have at St. Louis this year."
•Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast Coffee is
the specialty of a specialist. •
FOLLOWS STANDARD OF
THE PROHIBITION PARTY
Oliver \V. Stewart, Cliairxnan of the
National Committee of the Organi
zation, Arrives in This City.
Oliver W. Stewart, chairman of the
National Committee of the Prohibition
party and for several years an impor
tant factor in the affairs of that organ
ization, arrived in this city yesterday
morning from Southern California and
is staying at the Palace Hotel.
Mr. Stewart is a member of the Leg
islature of Illinois and ranks as one of
lh«* leading orators of his party. He
has been making a tour of the West,
conferring with prominent Prohibition
ists and he is here mainly for that pur
pose. During his stay in this city he
will be tho guest of the Prohibition
State Central Committee, which ex
pects to arrange a convenient date on
which he may deliver an address to the
members of the party here.
Grabs a Woman's I*iirsc
Dave de Costa, an ex-convict, was ar
rested la.n night by patrolmen Nobman
and Wilson and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery. On the
ni£ht of February 2 he went to 415'^
Natoma Ftreet and requested the land
lady. Mrs, Jl. A. Latimcr, to show him
a room. In payment for the rent he
presented a ten-dollar New Brunswick
bill, and while the unsuspecting woman
was making change he grabbed her
purse, containing $8, and made his es
cape. De Costa is an ex-convict and
was released from the penitentiary a
year ago, where he had served a sen
tence of fourteen years for robbery.
When searched at the City Prison a
number of Confederate and New
JJrararvrick bills were found in his pos
session, and the police believe that he
has been operating extensively in the
city.
Knds HI» fAte With a Revolver.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 17. — Despond
ent owing to ill health and hamperftd
fn life's battle by the loss of an arm
and an eye, Frederick Sanders, a na
tive of Germany, committed suicide
to-day by shooting himself with a re
volver. He Jeft the following note ;
addressed to a friend: "I am tired of
Pj JK . piezsp do the best you can
li my stock- What Is loft send to
jancy Sanders, Mount Clehile. Bol
iinser County. Mo. He is my brother's
ro;i. Postm.ifeter nt Marblehill may
know where, he. lives now. Please
send him my watch. Good-by." I
WARRANTS OUT
FOR LOCAL MEN
United States Grand Jury Finds
Indictments Against Alleged
i'arncipants in Land Frauds
CONSPIRACY IS CHARGED
John A. Benson, F. A. Hyde and
Henry C. Dimoiid Are Among
Those Implicated in the Case
As a result of the investigation of
the alleged wholesale public land frauds
in many Western States, the Grand
Jury of the District of Columbia yes
terday reported a joint indictment for
conspiracy against John A. Benson, a
wealthy real estate operator of this
city; Frederick A. Hyde, a well-known
resident here and closely identified with
Benson in land affairs; Henry C. Di
inond of California, an attorney repre
senting Benfon and Hyde; and J. H.
Schneider of Tucson, Ariz., an agent ot
Benson and Hyde.
A telegram from Washington was to
the effect that bench warrants were is
sued immediately and Schneider was
arrested in Washington city late yes
terday afternoon by Secret Service
Agent William J. Burns, who has been
quietly investigating alleged public
land frauds in a number of Western
States. Schneider was taken before
Justice Barnard late yesterday after
noon and the latter fixed his bail at
$20,000. Attorneys Cole and Donnels
son, representing the defendants, asked
that bail be fixed at $5000. while the
Government insisted on a $25,000 bond.
Schneider has been a witness 'before
the Grand Jury in the case against the
other defendants. Benson already has
been indicted in Washington on a
charge of bribery and is now believed
to be in New York.
The indictment is a voluminous docu
ment and sets forth a number of trans
actions by which land is alleged to
have been fraudulently acquired from
the Government in this State, Oregon,
Washington, Nevada and elsewhere.
OTHERS ARE INVOLVED.
Most of these transactions are al
leged to have occurred under the lieu
land law. It is charged that all of the
indicted parties on December 30, 1901,
in Washington, conspired with other
parties to the Grand Jury unknown, to
defraud the United States of possession
of and title to numerous tracts of pub
lic lands of the United States and to
be opened to selection in lieu of lands
included or to be included within forest
reserves in various States, the con
ppiracy being carried out by means of
false and fraudulent practices.
The scheme outlined In the indict
ment and alleged to have been prac
ticed in these transactions was to ob
tain school or other lands by applica
tions, assignments and purchases. In
the names of fictitious persons or of
persons not really desiring or qualified
to purchase them, Hyde and Benson
paying them small sums for the lands.
The indictment charges that there
were false reports in all these transac
tions. In pursuance of this alleged
conspiracy, thus carried through by
dummy applicants, certain unsurveyed
tracts in the Olympla, Wash., land dis
trict, containing 3400 acres selected in
the name of C. W. Clarke, Frederick
A. Hyde and John A. Benson, were ob
tained and other lands specifically cited
were secured, including large tractB in
the Visalia and Vancouver land dis
tricts in Washington, in the Woodward
land district in Oklahoma, the Cascade
Range forest reserve country in Ore
gon, the San Francisco land district
and the Carson City, Nev., land dis
trict.
MORE ARRESTS TO BE MADE.
The arrest of the other parties in
dicted is expected very soon. The ac
tion taken disposes of all the land
fraud cases thus far presented to the
Grand Jury of the District of Colum
bia, but others may be submitted at
any time and proceedings are expected
in other Jurisdictions.
In speaking of the action of the
Grand Jury at Washington Mr. Hyde
said last night:
I have not tho ("lightest fear ot the ultimate
r<*Eult, and ffhail be prepared for the Issue
when it come*.
The Indictments were brought about by a
trick pla>«-d on Mr. Benson, which reflects no
credit on the Interior Department. He made
a visit lately to Washington and was ap-
POSTUM CEREAL.
YOU and
FUN IF YOU DO.
Examine yourself critically
and sec.
If in doubt, try Postum 10
days instead of Coffee.
If you feel better, happier and
with none of the old aches
and ail?, you will have found
your cue to health and com-
fort.
r / T /i ty VP O ft H PJ°1 C/TJ7
_________ ' • «s
Look for the miniature book,
"The Road to Wcllville," in
j each package.
\ -• ... . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 'FEBRUARY 18. 1904
WILL DIVIDE
CLARK ESTATE
Beneficiary and Contestants of
Will of the Wealth! Suicide
Have Agreed on Compromise
EACH TO RECEIVE A THIRD
Probate Case Now in Courts
lla$ IJeen Peaceably Settled
Satisfactorily to Both Sides
The contestants In the matter of the
v.ili of Miss Isabella Clark, the wealthy
young woman who committed suicide
in the McNutt Hospital on September
10, 1003, have agreed on a compromise
and expect to have the contest settled
before the case comes up for hearing.
The Fisters, Alice Ann Hart and Mary
E. Carter, have been contesting the will
that Miss Clark made the day before
her death. It gave all of her estate
of $300,000 to her sister, Grace E. Strohn.
The case has been in court since Jan
uary 11 and the attorneys for the con
testants have endeavored to show that
Miss Clark was of unsound mind at
the time she made the will.
Several witnesses were examined and
they testified that Miss Clark's mind
had been impaired for some time just
prior to her death. Miss Clark was
Bent to McNutt's Hospital to b^treated
for nervous troubles and the Say be
fore she took her life she made her
will making her sister Grace Strohn
the sole beneficiary and naming Dr.
McNutt as executor. -
The will was filed for probate shortly
after Miss Clark's death and the two
overlooked sisters immediately filed
pnpers contesting the apportionment of
the estate.
The attorneys for the contestants. M.
F. Michaels and Carter Pomeroy, while
contesting the will, have been seeking 1
to effect a compromise. It was stated
yesterday on good authority that the
deal had been almost completed. The
compromise gives the contestants each
a third of the $300,000 estate. The con
testants claim that an even or prac
tically even distribution of the estate
will be made. They claim to be able
to get such a distribution by due pro
cess of law, as Mt has been almost
definitely established that Miss Clark's
mind was affected when she made the
will.
One of the contestants yesterday
said: "You can put it down as a fact
that a compromise will be made before
the case comes into the courts on Tues
day next. Just what portion of the
estate the contestants will receive I
cannot at this time say, but whatever
compromise is effected will be favor
able to the contestants."
Should there be a hitch in the corn
promise the case will be fought vig
orously.
It is claimed by the contestants that
the mind of Miss Isabella Clark had
not been in a sound condition from the
date of the death of her brother in
August of 1898 up to the time of her
death. Miss Clark was of an exceeding
ly morose and melancholy disposition,
and the loss of her brother, whom she
loved dearly, seemed to affect her mind.
Can Get No Damage*.
Robert GIbben is not entitled to any
damages as the result of injuries sus
tained by him while in the employ of
the Yellow Aster Mining Company, ac
cording to a decision rendered by the
Supreme Court yesterday. It is hold
that the plaintiff did not use proper
care and diligence at the time of the
accident.
If you appreciate rare and beautiful
rugs and want to get them at about half
their real value attend Benguiat's Auc
tion Sale in the Maple and Marble rooms.
Palace Hotel. Sale hours to-day," 1:30 and
7:30 p. m. •
Will Fight the Plumbers' Association.
EUREKA, Feb. 17. — A new corpor
ation has been organized here to com
pete with the Plumbers' Association.
It is the George Hawkes Plumbing and
Supply Company. Its organizers are:
George Hawkes, C. T. Manon, C. W.
Hall, G. A. Lancaster, H. L. Ricks, G.
W. Fenwick, H. Brace and S. E. War
ren. The new corporation has large
capital behind it.
Contract at Stanford Awarded.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 17.— A contract for
the carpenter work on the new geo
logical annex at Stanford University
was recorded here to-day. William
Thompson of Denver, Colo., is the
builder and the price is $16,900.
proached by twer land office clerks, acting un
der orders from their superiors. These clerks
represented to Benson that they would for a
consideration jtlve him valuable Information
'about the reports filed by two special agents
who were out here investigating land matters,
lie declined to pay for the information, but I
understand that he gave one of them some
money In response to a hard luck story, and
he was Immediately arrested for bribery.
CONSPIRACY CHARGED.
The authorities must have known then, and
they certainly do now, that they could not
hold him on any such charge, and so they
have been casting about for some method in
its stead. To do eo they go back to a pur
chase of lands that I made in Oregon nearly
six years ago, which they allege was irregu
lar, and the claim is that I and Benson were
Jointly Interested in it and consequently ho
and I were In a conspiracy and this conspiracy
was continued in Washington by the so-called
bribery by Benson in 'Washingqton. .It is very
far fetched and the facts will be fhown at
the proper time. Benson had nothing what
ever to do with the Oregon purchases, and I
had nothing whatever to do with his dealings
with land office clerks. One of the clerks
(llarlan) 1 never heard of — did not even know
there was such a man in the office. The other
I had heard of by name only, but did not
know what he was doing In the office.
Colonel B. F. Allen Is accused of furnish
ing me with advance information relative to
proposed forest reserves, and no he did. He
was iiant to examine the country with a view
of recommending the lands to be included in
reserves, and his 1 express written Instructions
were to confer with all persons who could give
Information on the subject, and to publish his
Intentions in the county newspaper*. Th« in
formation he gave me was wholly gratuitous,
and wa». strictly in uerformaace of his duty
under his instructions.
DENIES USING MONEY.
Any other perron could have had the same
Information, and undoubtedly did. I never
gave Mm a dollar nor asked an Improper
thing of him.
Henry P. Dlmond is a lawyer of Integrity,
and his only crime Is that he was my attor
ney for two years. He never knew anything
about the origin of my land titles, never ap
proached a clerk, except In a perfectly proper
manner, neither would he have done so under
any. circumstances. •
His Indictment Is an absurdity, and Is done
with th» idea that he knows a good deal. that
he can be made to tell if pressure Is brought
on him. He will have no difficulty in clear
ing his name of any lmoutatlon . of wrong
doing.
Scnnelder was aji employe of mine years
ago, but for over two years has been In busi
ness for himself. ' His Indictment Is another
case of pressure, for he never had any -Inter
est In my business and could not be concerned
In any bribery. v •
The Government has no case , against any
one named in th«s indictment^ and this will
be shown In good time.
COMPANY SUES
AT CITY'S COST
Spring Valley Official States
That People Must Pay for
Action Against Themselves
DODGES ALL QUESTIONS
Supervisors Find That Water
Company Charges All Ex
penses It Incurs to the People
The Board of Supervisors met last
night and proceeded as, a committee
of the whole to examine into the hold
ings, operating expenses and valua
tion of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, with a view to fixing the water
rate in San Francisco for the comlns
fiscal year.
• Although the officials of the water
company promised last week to be
ready with the valuation of the com
pany's holdings last night, an account
was not forthcoming.
Attorneys Kellogg, chief lawyer for
the Spring Valley Company, said the
company would not have the report
on the valuation ready until next Fri
day night.
The evening was spent in an exam
ination into the operating expenses of
the company. Assistant Engineer Wll
lisms testified that the total expenses
of operating the water system for the
year, as estimated, would be $560,000.
Under a rigorous fire of questions
from Supervfsor Braunhart, who act
ed as examiner for the Supervisors'
committee, Williams itemized in a way
the expenses of operating the vari
ous pumping stations, reservoirs and
holdings of the plant. He said that
the Merced Lake pumping station used
$12,000 worth of fuel oil a year, and
the Belmont pumping station, he al
leged, burned oil each year to the value
of $20,000, the oil costing 71 cents a
barrel.
Williams said something in the
neighborhood of $30,000 was spent an
nually by the company in burning
grass and cleaning around its water
stations and reservoirs. /
PROPERTY NOT IX USE.
The Supervisors expressed amuse
ment at the statement of the company
that so much money is used in the
prevention of contamination, some ex
pressing the opinion that the quality
of the water didn't show it.
Engineer Williams testified that sev
eral of the pumping stations owned
by the Spring Valley are not In use
In the supplying of water to- the city.
Despite this fact the people of the city
are to be charged in the water rale
for parts of the water plant not now
In use.
According to the estimate testified
to by the officials of the Spring Val
ley, the sum of $52,000 was spent dur
ing the last year for repairs on mains
in the city. " r All of this amount, they
claimed, was spent in the replacing- of
small mains with larger pipe. Super
visor Braunhart thought this was an
exorbitant amount and requested
that the company be asked to prepare
an Itemized account of the manner in
which this sum was spent.
CITY PAYS FOR THE SUIT.
Under questioning, Secretary Ames
admitted that a portion of the $30,000
which appeared as legal expenses was
spent by the company in the prose
cution of its suit against the city and
county of San Francisco. The people,
he admitted, were expected to pay for
a suit against themselves. Of the
$30,000 in the legal expense account,
$8100 was paid in salaries, $7200 a
year to Chief Attorney Kellogg and
$900 a year to E. F. Fitzpatrick of
San Mateo County. The difference
between the salaries of the attorneys
for the company and the $30,000
amounts to $21,900. This amount of
money the Spring Valley failed to ac
count for and it was requested to" have
a detailed account ready at the next
meeting. It is suposedby the Super
visors that this $21,900 is to be spent
in the prosecution of the suit of the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Typewriter Desks I
1 ' h ' \w ' " )V In FIFTT different H
c^J proof C&DlJlCb. k3
tH " H^^P"y*9 ■*i rant HKSHd 9 hSESJbSHIi El
— : — , — -~ — ; — : — _ _. — . — . — — 1
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
* MaU This Order to Tie SaaViuelieo Call Wit* 75c
The San Francisco Can,
. San Francisco, CaI.J
Inclosed herewith please find 7j>c, for which send me out
copy oi The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and. Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.) '
SIGNEF
STREET .*
CITY .......................................................
STATE ;.. ...... .../.... ....;:.......;.. ................;.;« ,
COOS BAY LAND
MAY BE OPENED
Discovery of Defective Title
to Big Tract in Oregon
Causes Great Excitement
SETTLERS FILE CLAIMS
Company in Possession De
clines to Sell Any Portion
and a Large Battle Is On
MARSHFIELD, Or.. Feb. 17.— The
disct-very by a local law firm of a de
fect In* the title to a large tract of
land known as the Coos Bay wagon
road lands, held by a corporation
known as the Southern Oregon Com
pany, has caused the filing of 200 ap
plications for quarter section* on that
tract» which is one of the most valu
able pieces of timber lands In the
Northwest. It is claimed that this Im
mensely valuable tract of timber is held
ih trust by the Southern Oregon Com
pany for the people, the clause in the
original grant to the State of Oregon
from the Federal Government being
operative in which it recites that the
land shall not be sold . to individuals
other than citizens of the United States
and in tracts not larger than 160 acres
and at a price* not *o exceed 52 50 or
less than $1 20. This land has always
been held as a whole by the corpora
tion, and upon this point hinges the
fate of the 200 applicants to purchase
the land.
Intense excitement prevails as a re
sult of the disclosures regarding the
title. This company has persistently
refused to sell a foot of land to settlers
at any price.
Lots of People and Lots Going.
A special excursion to Chieo will leave Mar
k«t-8treet ferry at 8 p. m. t Sunday, February
21, arriving at Chico on Washington's birth
day. Returning, leaves Chico at 10 p. m.,
February 22. Round trip $5 40. Ordinary
sleeper accommodation, (1 each way. Festivi
ties nil day* Monday, with Easton, Eldrldg* A
Co.'s great sala of lots in the evening. De
tails at Information Bureau, 613 Market »t.,
Southern Pacific. •
Spring Valley Company against the
city of San Francisco.
The whole meeting and investiga
tion was prolific of little in the line of
information as to the operating ex
penses of the company. Expenses in
curred on holdings of. the Spring Val
ley that were not necessary and not
for the production of water for the
city were found all through the ex
pense account.
EXORBITANT CHARGES MADE.
In the report the city was charged
with the salaries of keepers and
watchmen of lands not in use In the
production of • water for this city.
These salaries amounted to thousands.
Whenever a large item of expense
could not be understood by the com
mittee the water company officials
could not itemize it. They did not
know in what way the money was
spent, nor could they itemize the $14,
000 put down as stable expenses; the
$48,000 office expenses, or the general
expense fund of $20,000. Every ex
pense incurred in any manner by the
water company, whether in the pro
duction of water or not, was charged
to the city as Operating expenses.
There was a sum of $19,000 extra
expenses down in the expense report,
which the Spring Valley expected to
use in extra pumping in the anticipa
tion of a dry season this year. The
Supervisors thought that in view of
the fact that there had been a good
deal of rain subsequent to the mak
ing up of the expense account the
$19,000 mentioned could be eliminat
ed In considering the expenses of the
company.
As usual, the Spring Valley officials
were not ready with the reports that
the Supervisors wanted and what re
ports they did have were so skillfully
prepared that it was next to Impossi
ble to glean any information from
them.
The investigation was continued un
til next Tuesday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock.
§i STRAIGHT 1^^^^^ f\
AMUSEMENTS.
k T g*\ A r* A T> Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR pfss.
• General Manager, j
To-lTl«rlit — Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
A DELIGHTFUL, PERFORMANCE OK .
TT*st H BT™ Great American Play.
B HH B" B y I>avld Belasco and
CHARITY BALL
Ergs., 25c to 75c; Mat. 6at. A Sun.. 25c to 5Oc.
NEXT MONDAY— Opening with .speutil
MATINEE WASHUtGTON'S BIRTHDAY
Flirt StocK Production of
THE WSO2TO MB. WBZQHT
Ceorfru H. Broadhurst's Farcical Comedy.
In Active Preparation— PARSIFAL.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— AX.L THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE MEN OF
JIMTOWN
i A Thrlllins Tale of the Cherokee Strip.
PDIfTC Evening*...* 10c to 30c
IJUWCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
OPENING MONDAY (Washington's Birthday)
MATINEE,
THB KINO Or THE OPTPM BCTQ.
CALIFORNIA
(DEVIL'S AUCTION 1
R NEW SCENIC MARVELS. m
JJ And the following Great feature*: f|
£3 The Famous Onri Family, ||
ff The Fcur Salamonskys. i j
H Sigrnorina, Elena ttosutt, £j
H' Frauleln Prager, f\
■9 The Boneless Herman. jj*
H And the Imperial Dancing Tro«p«. tf\
B BRING THE CHILDREN 6ATUflD\Y H
H SUNDAY— HUMAN HEARTS. B
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY— Presenting
IA/HOOPDEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OF
GATHfcFillNE
PRICES— $2. SI 50. $1. 73c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGKT
Positively Last Weber and Fields Performance
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY MATINEE
TEOHAS J. SMITH, tlie Toxmg Sing-tag-
Irish Comedian, In "THE GAME
KIEXFEB."
TIS tor Thursday, ThrHllnr as well.
Uinultuous triumph from tap of the bell!
That is ttc Universal Verdict of
ROLY POLY
A Genuinely Funny Musical Comedy!
Chock- a-Mock with Good Songs, Marches, Spe-
cialties.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND BILL.
JOHN PEACHEY.
BEN T. DILLON,
" ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN RUSSELL,
NELLIE LYNCH.
SPECIAL MATINEE ON MONDAY— WASH-
INGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. 23c an] 50c
Next Attraction — "THE ROUNDERS!"
~" 7 ~ ~ i '
Eisrh-CUia Specialties Svery Af taraooa
aad Eveninr in tb« Thorougixly
Heated Theater.
TO-NIGHT
GALA AMATbUR PERFORM ANCE
■ Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE THE CHINESE BABY GIRL JN THE
INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
. When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BLAUVELT
THE GREAT SINGER
LYRIG H/\LL
LAST TWO CONCERTS
To-Night and Saturday Matinee
Seats S1.Q0, $1.50 and $2.00
AT SHERMAN, CUT ft CO.'S.
THE KILTIES
THE GREAT SCOTCH BAND OF 40
WITH SINGERS.' DANCERS and PIPERS
ALHAMBRA THEATER
COMMENCING NEXT TUESDAY NI6HT
Seats $1, 75c, 50c,
•M Sherman, Clay ACo.'s THIS MORNING.
AMUSEMENTS.
SPEC7AL. MATINKE WASHINGTO:T3
fclRTIIPAY.
ASTOUNDING VAUDEVILLE!
BIGHT VASSAK GIRLS
Werner- Amoroa Troupe; K*rry T&on«
■on and OrpUomr* Mctian Picture*.
Last times oi Ziata and Kins; Billy
B. Tan; Sose Bmsamt ui Company;
Thorns aad Carleton; Esyder and
Buckley and Bice and Elmer.
Regular Matinee* every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. I'ricos 10c, 23=
and CCc.
Last Four Niffhts— Matinee Sat.
X.OT7XS F2ZDZBIC3
TO-ZTXGHT
ALEXANDER THE GREAT
Friday Nlgnt OTHELLO
Saturday Night MAtbUTB
Bunday Night and Sat. 4Iat.JUL.IUS OAl^faAtt
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
DEJTMAH THOMPSON (HIU3SL7)
zs "rare ou homestead."
TIVOU^"
Special Matinas Washington's Birthday.
ONLY E12YEN M02E SIGHTS O?
I When Johnny fe
Comes Marching Home
SECUKB «EATS IN ADVANCE!
MAT1NEK SATrilHAY.
Monday, Tab. 29 — THE GYPSY BABO2T.
Usual I'ricei L'5c, .'>0c and Tic
Box Seats $l.ut>
Racing !|J!ll^ Racing!
EVERT WEEK DAY. RAIX OR «?WINB.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKJ3T O'JB.
INGLBSiDB TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. February L.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races ttart at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by « treetcar from any part ot th* city.
Train leaves Third and Townseai str*et» at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track Immediaisty
alter the las; racu. No smoking In last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and tlMlr
escorts.
THOMAS H. WIIXIAM3. President.
PERCY W TREAT Sf-cr»tary.
IRREFUTABLE EVIDENCE
Of the artistic excellence of our fln»
laundry work is presented on the linen
of every shirt front for evening or every
day wear that you see on those who ara
our patrons, and they sum up the total
of the critical and fastidious "man about
town." business or professional man In
San Francisco, who knows a good thins
when he sees It. When you wish your
shirts, collars or cuffs carefully handled
and faultless in color and finish take
them to the United States Laundry.
No saw edges. _^
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY*
OPPICE 1004 MARKET STBSBT.
Near Powell. «
Phone Souta 480.
! Ja Eyeglasses 13
mi
{j Spectacles U
'I! f M m_lellka%JF%leavjlL*wUu
Paiari* D °N fT f AIL T0
laiaVW gee the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r> j PALM ROOM, tha
llf/Hld LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR. and the LA.
n . 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
910
DAY'S NEWS OF RACECOURSE, POLO FIELD AND PRIZE RING
TENNIS CRACKS
ENTER TOURNEY
Champion Players From Both
Sides of Bay AVill 3Ieet on
the East- Oakland Ourts
CLOSE GAMES EXPECTED
- ■ ♦
Alameda County Clnbs Unite
to Hold Annual Champion
ship Tournaments, Open to All
The annual tennis tournaments foi '■
thr championship of Alameda County
are attracting more attention this year j
than ever before. This Is undoubtedly (
due to the fact that the tournaments
for the first tims will be open to non
i< siipnts of Alameda County. Many of
Che local players will avail themselves j
of the opportunity to wrest laurels from ,
the crack player* across the bay. The
California Club will send a small entry
list, but the Golden Gate Tennis Club
will bt represented by all its best play
ers.
The tnuraamfnty begin on Saturday
afternoon at 2 o'clock with the singles. ;
The doubles will commence Sunday !
morning, the first match being called \
at S:30. If possible both doubles and
tingles will be completed down to the
finals on Sunday. A record-breaking
*>rtry list is expected and hence it will |
hardly be possible to get further than !
tb<? semi-finals. The order of events
has not yet been arranged, but prob
ably the finals of the singles jrtU b'
played Monday morning: and the doub
les in the afternoon. Those who are
unable to ero*s the bay Saturday after
neon will not be defaulted.
Most of the class of events will un- ■
dcubtedly come from this side of the J
"bay. Percy Murdock is the only player ;
from Alameda County who ranks in :
the first class and the clubs across the
bay will pin their faith to him. The
California Club's strongest representa
tive will be Drummond MaoGavin. and
his chances of winning 1 are probably
the best. If Murdock were in practice
and at his best it wou'.d be a toss up
between him and MacGavin.
Will Allen is the next best player j
entered from this side of- the bay. In
doubles tbe California CIud will be rep- |
resented by MacGavin and Robert j
Variel. The latter is out of practice,
not having touched a racket for several I
months, but he and his partner will be j
one of the strongest teams.
.The Golden Gate Club has entered
the Baker brothers in the doubles, and
their chances of (sinning are good.
Their steady game is effective in tour
r.ament play. These two players, with
the Murdock brothers and Variel and
MacGavin. will be the best teams in
the doubles.
The Golden Gat" Club will have an
other good team in Carl Gardner and
< 'larence Griffin. George James and H.
Russell will also play. In singles the
oi.ly player from the park with any
•■nance is George Baker. Charles Dun
lap and Griffin ought to make a good
shewing, but can hardly hope to win.
That there will be new champions this
year is a certainty. Reuben Hunt, the
champion in singles, is in the East and
will not defend his title. Hunt ami
Percy Murdock are the doubles cham
pions. The winners of the events will
he the champions for the coming year.
The several clubs of Alameda County
have all got together for the first
time and the events will be held under
their joint auspices. The courts of the
East Oakland Club have been chosen
.on account of their location, number
and excellent condition. Two courts
will be used for singles and two for
doubles.
All matches except the finals will be
two sets out of three, finals three out
of five. Three-time silver cups will be
offered for both singles and doubles.
7*rizes will also be awarded to those
reaching the finals. Entries close Fri
day night and should be sent to R. B.
Heath, 59 East Eleventh street, Oak
land.
PRIVATE BAXKS EX.IOY
UNX'SCAL PROSPERITY
The State Commission rendered a
report yesterday on the condition of
California's twenty private banks.
These institutions are all said to be
enjoying their share of the general
prosperity. The statement of resource*
and liabilitieF, based on the returns
of January 23. Is as follows:
Resources — Bank premises, $94,828 29; other
r^al estate* $145,004 55; stock* and boni».
1543,677 M: loans on real estate. $G41.S89 £6:
Inans on stocks, bonds and warrants, $64,
t!32 67; loans en other securities, $149,651 51;
!eans on personal security. $1,444,526 69;
money on hand. $231,520 19: due from banks
and bankers. $536,614 83: other assets, $344,
r.27 77; total resources, $3.S5C.832 79.
Liabilities— Capital paid up. $771,602 R0; re
verve fund and rroflt and Iocs, $350,506 8S; due
rirpoeltor*. $2,597,920 C5; due banks end bank
ers, $67.63*41; other liabilities. $68.7Ct 05;
total liabilities. $3,856.&2 79.
JOINTS AHD MUSCLES SWOUEH AMD STIFF
A disease so painful and far-reaching: in its effects
upon the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep
and well-laid foundation. It originates and develops in
the blood, and, like other diseases of the blood, is fre-
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking
down the health, irritating " **
the nerves, settling in joints i had - -- v<1 -. -ft^v^^H?' 0 •» Mar 30,1903.
andmuscles,andc!usinVthe£^^^
sharp, cutting pains peculiar f^° "ijt ~k*tSS BOC &« Th «y changed mld-
to Rheumatism P Unless the
blood is purified, joints and ° nSw^intPw-r-V 1 " ol ,, s - s ' 8 i My kneTand
muscles become coated with ffi**S^^JX™£& ¥^&&£
the acrid matter and are ren- J& Efe&?*r hea r . be *2 a »• »• 8 " but " * ■"* it
dered stiff and sore, and the 1 h 1 «ftf«a. f coBunu«i.«»d to-day am. sound,
r.f.rves completely wrecked. 1355 Mt. Vernon Are. B. H. CHAPMAN.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
ment. Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly jn ve
« nl 7 temporary relief. S. S. S. is the recognized great-
(^^ f^1 f^^J cst oi a11 blood purifiers and tonics, and in no disease
>^V J^\ does Jt act «» prompUy and beneficially as Rheuma-
M/CvW tism> neutralizin ff the acid .s and restoring the blood
'-' - to a pure, healthy condition, and invigorating * and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. It is guaranteed strictly
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will cost you
nothi-j. THE SWIFT SPECIHG CO., ATLANTA , CjU
POLO EXPERTS TO MEET
IN FIRST MATCH TO-DAY
Four Teams Are Entered for the Initial Game, and' the
Winners Will Clash in the Deciding-Event To-Morrow.
Society Folks Arrive at Del Monte to Witness Sport
PROMIXEXT SPORTSMAN WHO WILL TAKE AN ACTIVE PART IX
THE COMING POLO AND PONY RACING TOURNAMENT TO BE
HELD AT THE HOTEL DEL, MONTE.
DEL MONTE, Feb. 17. — The tour
nament of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association will open to
morrow with two polo matches in
stead of with racing, as was originally
intended. Four -teams are entered and
the winners will meet in the deciding
games on Friday. The 'teams are:
A — Paul Clagstone, C. Tobin, R. M.
Tobin and E. Ezra.
B — Charles Garland. T. A. Driscoll,
W: S. Hobart and John Lawson. '
C — Basil Williams. W. McCreery, R.
Chaplin and Neil Haig.
D — F. J. Carolan. J. J. Mackey, C.
Raoul-Duval and L. McCreery.
Many guests are here especially for
the meeting and a large number are
expected to-morrow. Among- those
now here are:
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Carolan, Captain
and Mrs. R. S. Chaplin, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Raoul-Duval. Miss Tobin. Captain
Xeil Halgr. Lawrence McCreery, Mr.
and Mrs. French, F. J. Mackey.- Miss
Byers, Mrs.' Crouch. Miss Johnson,
Mrs. Mclntosh, Mr. and Mrs. Walter
McCreery. W. S. Hobart. Cecil R. To
bin. EL Ezra. Mrs. A. G. McCreery.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles T. Garland,
Robert Leiffhton, It. McCreery. Paul
Clairstone. Thomas . A. Driscoll, Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Miss
Ethel Dean, Miss Virginia Joliffe . and
John Lawson.
KXTR1KS FOR POXY RACKS.
The long: list of entries for the pony
races scheduled to take place during
the meet on dates yet to be selected
have been given out. The entries In
clude, some of the finest ponies in Cali
fornia and great sport is promised at
the meets. Another carload of the little
racers was shipped to this place 'from
Burllngame this afternoon. Following
is a list of entries, together with the
prizes offered:
First d»y's events: First race, one-quarter of
a mile, for ponies — Tcp weight 165 pounds, four
pounds allowed on each half inch under four
teen hands two Inches; purse, $100;. value to
winner. $75; second. $25 — Rudolph Ppreckels'
Becky and AHhorr.er; R. and W. McCreerys'
Hunset. Francis Carolan's Bonnie and Flora
dora; Dr. E. J. Boeseke's Princess Sid, Com
motion. Sadie and Content ;' Paul Clagstone's
Miss Miller: W. E. Pedley'« Carlotta; W. t?.
Hobart'a Sllrer Dick. • .'
Second race, three-eighths of a mile, for
ponies — Top weight 160 pounds, four pounds
allowed on «ach half inch under fourteen bands
two Inches: purse. $1CO; value to winner. 75;
•Fcond. $25 — Rildolph Spreckels' Joyful. Fret
ful and Althomer: R. and W. McCreery'a Ma
mie and Sunset; Francis Carolan's Bonnie and
Floradora; Dr. Boeseke's Princess - Sid, Con
vention and Sadie; L. McCreery'a Lucy Gllt
ter«- Paul Clag»tone'B MIs« Miller: XV. E. Ped
ley'B Carlotta: W. S. Hobart'o Silver Dick.
Third race, half a mile, for maiden ponies —
Top weight 1 60 pounds, four pounds allowed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
on each half inch under fourteen hands two
Inches: cup value to winner. $75: second. $Lti —
Rudolrh Epreckels' Fretful. Peghome and
Cacahaute; R. and W. McCrcerys" Miss Giles
and Sunset: Dr. E. J. Boeseke's Sadie, Content
and Lucille: L. McCreery's Lucy Glitters; T.
H. Dudleys Ocean Wave; W. E. Pedley's
Queen Kuckcr.
Fourth race, three-sixteenths of a mile, for
poniog— Top weight 183 pounds, four pounds al
lowed on each half inch under fourteen hands
two Inches; imrst. $75; value to winner, $00;
second. $15 — Rndolph SDreckels' Althomer. Pat
and Maud H; R. and W. McCreerys* Vitesse;
FTancis Cardan's Bonnie and Floradora: Di
E. J. Boeseke'e Commotion and Sadie; W. E.
Pedlev's Carlotta; W. S. Hobart's Silver Dick.
Fifth race, three-quarters of a mile, for po
nies — Tcp weight 155 pounds, 4 pounds al
lowed on each half Inch under fourteen hands
two Inche*; cup; value to winner, $75; second,
25 — Rudolj.h Spreckels 1 Peghome and Joyful;
R. and W. McOreerys' Miss Giles; Francis Ca
■ olan's Ftislllade; Dr. K. J. Boeseke's Content.
Princess Sid-and Lucille; L. McCreery's Lucy
Gutters; T. H. Dudley's Ocean Wave; W. S.
Hobart's Eilver Dick; W. E. Pedley's Carlotta.
Sixth race, one-quarter of a mile, for ponies
(winner of first race barred) — Top weight 1C5
pounds, four pounds allowed for each half Inch
under fourteen hands two Inches: purse, $100;
value to winner. *t>.'i; second, $20; third," $15 —
Rudolph Spreckels" Becky. Althomer, Pat and
Maud H:R. and W. McCreerys' Sunset and Ma.
rnie; Francis Cardan's Bonnie and Floradora;
Dr. E. J. Boeseke's Princess Fid. Commotion
and Sadie; Paul Clagstone's Miss Miller;* W.
E. Pedleys Carlotta and Queen -Rucker.
Second day's «-vents: First race, one-quar
ter of a mile, for ponies (entrance fee. $5)—
Top weight 1C5 pounds. Tour pounds allowed
on each half inch under fourteen hands two
Inches; purse: value to winner. $75; entrance
foe to r.» to second— W. E. Pedley's Carlotta;
Paul Clagstone's Miss Miller; Rudolph Spreck
els' Maud II. Becky, Althomer and Pat; Fran
cis Carolan's Bonnie and Floradora: R and W
McCreerys' Sunset; W. S. Hobart'n Silver Dick.
Second race, three-eighths of a mile; for po
nies that ran but did not win a race on first
day— Top weight 100 pounds, four pounds al
lowed on each half Inch under fourteen hands
two inches; purse, ?«5: value to winner ISO
second, $15 — W. E. Pedley's Carlotta and
Queen Ru<ker; Paul Clagstone's Miss Miller-
Rudolph Spreckels' Cacahaute. Becky, Altho
mer, Fretful, Joyful "and Maud H; L Mc-
Creery's Lucy Glitters; Francis Carolan's Bon
nie and floradora: Dr. E. J. Roes^ke's Prin
cess Sid. Commotion, Sadie and Content; R. and
W. McCreerys' Mias Giles and Mamie- T H
Dudley's Ocean Wave; W. s. Hobart's Silver
Dick.
Third race, one-quarter of a mile, for maiden
ponies— Top waignt 1(55 pounds, four pounds
allowed on each half Inch umirr fourteen
hands two Inches; cup value to winner S75 1
cecfind, $25— W. K. -JVdley's Queen Rucker
Rudolph Spreckels' Allhoner. Joyful and Fret
ful; Dr. E. J. Bo»sfke's I'rlncss Sid Sadie
Content and Lucille; R. and W. McCreery's
Mamie, Sunset and Miss Giles; T. H. Dudley's
Ocean Wave.
Fourth race, mile, for ponies— Top weight
155 pounds, four pounds allowed on each half
Inch under fourteen hands 2 inches; purse, 5126
value to winner. $35; second, $25; third $15—1
W. E." Pedley'a Carlotta: Rudolph Spreckels 1
Fretful and I'eghOTie; L. McCreerys Lucy
Glitttrs; Francis- Carolan's Fusillade: R. and
W. McCreerys' Mamie. .
Fifth race, three-sixteenths of a mile for
ponies that ran but did not win the fourth race
on firs* day — Top weight 165 pounds, four
pounds allowed on each -half Inch under four
teen hands 2 inches; purse. $C5;. value to win
ner. $50; second, $15 — W. B. Pedley's Carlotta
and Quern Rucker: Paul Clagstone's Miss Mil
ler; Rudolph Sprecke-la' Althomer, Pat and
Maud H; Francis Carolan's Bonnie and Flora
dora; Dr. E. J. Boeseke'a Commotion and Sa
die; R. and W. McCreery's Vitesse and Sun
set; W. S. Hobart's Silver Dick.
Sixth race, five-eighths of a mile, for ponies
— Top weight 155 pounds, four pounds- allowed
on each half Inch under fourteen hands two
Inches; cup value to winner, $65; second $25
third. $10— W. E. Podley'8 Carlotta; Ru'dofoh
Srrnckele' Joyful.. Fretful, Peghome and Caca
haute; L. McCreery's Lucy Glitters; Francis
Carolan's Fusillade; Dr. E. J. Boeseke's Con
tent, Princess Sid and Lucille; R. and W
McCreery's Mamie and Miss Giles.
ATHLETIC STATISTICS
ARE DESTROYED BY FIRE
Valuable Collection of Records, Rules
and Curios Burned In Xew York
Conflagration.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — All the rec
ords; minutesrrules and other data gath
ered since the beginning of the Amer
ican Athletic Union in 1888 have been
destroyed in the flre which gutted Hol
bert's restaurant building at 16-18
Park place. The records were, on -file
In the. office of Secretary Sullivan of
the American Athletic Union, who
also is director of sports for the St.
Louis Exposition. Besides this matter,
which probably cannot be replaced,
Sullivan lost a valuable lot of curios,
photographs and books collected dur
ing forty years by the late William BJ
Curtis, father of American athletes,
who Ivas frozen to ' death while at
tempting-to, scale , Mount Washington.
GRAND RAPIDS. ' Mich.'. Feb. 17.— Th* Re
publican. State Central Committee, decided to
day to call a State 'convention in this city
May 18, to elect delegates to the national con-
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALX', THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 18, 190
"HILDE" FIRST
IN TWO RACES
San Francisco's Star Jockey
Makes an Auspicious Debut
at the Los Angeles Track
WINNERS HARD TO PICK
Heir Apparent Beats a Field
of "Leppei$" and Sais Takes
the Handicap at a Mile
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Jockey
Hildebrand, who has been the star
rider on the San Francisco tracks, ar
rived here this morning and out of
four mounts rode two winners at As
cot this afternoon. The track was very
heavy and picking winners proved
rather difficult for the talent, and two
out of six was the best it could . do.
Alma Dufour, at 3 to 1, took the first
race at five- furlongs from El^Bernardo,
with Dargin, the 4 to 5 favorite third.
The two-year-old race was an upset
for'the talent, Melar at 7 to 1, winning
handily from Sea Air, the favorite, with
Light of Day third.
Seven jumpers started in the hurdle
affair and Heir Apparent, at 10 to 1,
had the speed and won handily. Olin
thus was second and Goldone third.! ,
Sais, ridden by Redfern, was the first
favorite to get in first. He took the
fourth race from Grail,' with Warte
Nicht third.
The Goldfinder, Little Margaret and
Celebration finished in the order named
in the fifth race over the Slauson
course. ' The winner was a red-hot
favorite.
Florestan beat Louwelsea and Sherry
in the last event at one mile. Marta,
the heavily played favorite, was not in
the running.
The weather cloudy; track heavy.
Results:
First race, five furlongs, purse— Alma Du
four. 107 (Hildebrand). 13 to 5. won; El Bcr
nado, 100 <L. Jackson), 12 to 1. second; Dar-
Kin, 112 (J. Boland). 4 to 5, third. Time. 1:03.
Kl Bernado and Belledama coupled In the bet
ting. Japalak. Gottlleben, Annie Marie, Maud
Browne, Matronla and Eva D also ran.
Second race, three and a half furlongs, purse
—Melar. 112 (Phillips). 6 to 1. won; Sea Air,
112 (Wonderly). 6 to 5, second : Light o£ Day,
1CJ (Hlldebrand). 10 to 1. third. Time. :UY,.
R. L. Johnson, Hllona. Copper I-lon. Slnlcado,
Dcvcn B. Baker and Buckster Ilodl also ran.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and an
nichth miles — Heir Apparent, 125 (Sutherland),
10 to 1, won; Olinthus, 130 (Archibald). 8 to 5,
second ; Goldone, 130 (T. Otis). 11 to 5, third.
Time, 2l09tt- Sharpless, Quldado. Martin
Brady and Major Hooker also ran.
Fourth "race, handicap, one and a sixteenth
miles— Sal*. 05 (Uedfern), S to 5. won; Grail,
DO (J Booker), 4 to 1, second; IVarte Nlcht,
112 (L. Jackson), 3 to 2 third. Time. 1:51 Vi-
Laocoon al«o ran.
Fifth race, Slauson course, selling — The Gold
finder. 104 (Htldebrand). 4 to 5, won: Little
Margaret. 100 (Sinnctt), 15 to 1, second; Cele
bration, 1C0 (Felcht), 20 to 1, third. Time.
l:13ty. Ked Damsel, Walter and Insolence
also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, gelling— Florestan, 111
(Mountain), 4 to 1, won; Louwelsea, 114
(Prior). 2l» to 1. second; Sherry. Ill (Buxton),
IB to 1. third. Time. l:46',i. Silver Fir, Hom
age, Marta. Little Secret. Rio Chico, Jlngler
also ran.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 17.— Cmcent city re
sults: ■ i
First race, seven furlongs — New Mown Hay
won. Leila May second, Maritana third. Time,
1:27 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Lady Ray
won. Sparrow Cop second, Shaltan third. Time,
1:14 2-5. — ■*
Third race, one and an eighth miles — Huzzah
won, Ben Mot second. The Messenger third.
Time. 1:54 1-5.
Fourth race, one-half mile. Carnival stakes —
Arch Oldham won. Delaval second, Dixie Lad
third. Time :48 3-5.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles — Mauser
won. Tancred second. Free Admission third.
Time, 2:07 S-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Julia M
won, Claremont second. Gus Heidorn third.
Time. 1:13 4-5.
CHAMPION DOGS
WILL COMPETE
Record - Breaking 1 Entries for
California Plate and Belle
Brandon Cup at Union Park
The entries for the Belle Brandon cup
and the California plate, to be. decided
at Union Coursing Park on Sunday and
Monday, broke all records. Thirty-six
hounds are entered for the former
event and sixty-four for the latter,
making a .total of 132 in all, .or just
twice the number entered last year. ;
Some of the greatest greyhounds in
America will compete in the California
plate stake, including Sacramento Boy,
Pocatelli, Palo Alto, , Mount Rose, Full
Moon, Charter Member, Rector, Lord
Brazen and a score of others.
None of the dogs entered in the Belle
Brandon stake have ever run before
and consequently their coming out will
attract a deal of interest: These dogs
will go to the slips first and when the
stake is decided the California plate
will be run dcrwn. Special trains will
leave for Union Park on. Sunday at
10:15 and 11 a. m. and 12 m. and 1 p. m.
Following are the entries for Jhe two
events:
California Plate, sixty-four entries— Charm-
Ing Thought vs. Sliver Heels: Honest John vs.
Rector; Tllie R vs. Ploughman; Barge vs.
Amandan; Apple Blossom vs. Sacramento Boy;
Advertiser vs. Cloudburst: Bfcick Roy vs. Bare
foot Boy; Pacing Billy vs. Fair Tralee; Rene
gade Apache vs. Little Plunger; Rocker Arm
v«. Joe Pasha; Real Article vs. Free From
Flaw; Pocatelli vs. Mount Rose; Conroy vs.
Charter Member; Ruby Sankey vs. Haphazard;
Colored Lady vs. Palo Alto; Qulta vs. Racing
Auto; Raby. Aurora vs. Ragtime; Ri>ta S vs.
Texas Betty: The Referee. vs. Celtic: Cubanola
vg. Our Motto: J E H vs. McVey; Sea Lion vs.
Crawford Belle; Boots vs. . Duhallow; L L C
vs. C'.overdale; .Tom King vs. Hudson : ' Lost
Chord. .vs. Gambit;. Richard Anton vs. Galves
ton: Bill Dugan vs. .Tralee Boy; Comstock va.
Full Moon: Rolla Wells v*. Texas Hoo Hoo;
Merry Go Round vs. Lord Brazen; Vandal vs.
Liberator. . ' ._•-....,■ . .„■ ..
• Bolln Brandon cup, thirty-six entries— Plain
Blackey vs. Secretive: Good as Gold vs. Lecco;
Flower Girl vs. Garadlce;>Rory Avlck vs. Mar
garet Anglln; Sunny - Brook vs. Basgaheg*n;
Walt for Me vs. Lampre Eel; Little Freda vs.
Earl: Brleht . Columbia vs. Eamnlea; T. C.
Watson vs. Duke; Annadale vs. Menlo Queen;
Ina Clssus vs. Frank C; Bright Future vs.
Pasha KInc; Glitter vs. Free Erin; DR vs.
R W; Son of Erin vs. Younir Tommy; Angus
Cissus vs. J R; Flying- Yankee vs. . Young
Kerry Pippin; Kokomo vs. Yo.ung Mollle R.
James Bryan, alias Burke, was dis
covered in. a. rear room of M. Lubeck's
pawnshop at 653 Clay street yesterday
afternoon, tying up'a- bundle of
clothes he had taken from a trunk.
He was held by Lubeck till Policeman
, Cavanaugh arrived. The officer ar
rested him on a charge of burglary. <
Winners nt the Crescent City.
Arrested for- Biirglarfrl
KENILWORTH, WITH SEE UP,
DOWNS MODICUM BY A NOSE
Five of First Choices
Meet Defeat at
Ingleside.
As his underpinning is becoming ' a
bit too creaky and uncertain to com
pete with the sprinters Kenilworth is
turning his attention toward picking
up some coin for Harry Stover in the
distance events. Only last Saturday
the brown horse finished third in the
Palace Hotel handicap, and at Ingle
side yesterday defeated Modicum a nose
for the ?1000 handicap at one and a six
teenth miles. Kenilworth carried 114
pounds, was extremely well rated out
in the lead by Willie See and lasted
just long enough to beat Modicum,
against which 20 to 1 was laid. Jockey
Club finished third, half a length be
fore Lord Melbourne. Proper, with his
heavy impost of 126 pounds, had first
call in the betting, but Martin got him
cut off at least three times going the
first half mile, and the big fellow cut
no figure at the close. -
The U-ack was \ slow, making fast
time aff impossibility, the one and t>.
sixteenth miles in 1:48U of Kenilworth
being a worthy . performance. Fine
weather attracted a large attendance.
Five favorites took the count.
A mile looked further than Charlie
McCafferty's Fair Lady Anna liked to
go, but such an ordinary bunch op
posed her that she was installed favor
ite for the first event. Jerry Roach
had the mount, and soon showing in
front with the first choice, won all the
.way. Johnny Daly on Polonius broke
a stirrup and then finished second, a
length ahead of Goldfinder. Glissando
and Anvil were both mildly ridden.
There were so many worshipers at
the shrine of Golden Idol that Dr.
Rowell's two-year-old closed a 2 to 1
favorite for the kindergarten event.
Despite the efforts of Johnny Daly, the
youngster ran out on the turn as usual,
finishing third. In a. hard drive, Jack
Martin, with the 15 to 1 shot, Steel
Wire, got on the inside, beating Bob
Ragon, the third choice, a head. My
Order, the 'second choice, stopped bad
ly the last part.
Harry Stover came very close to cap
turing the next prize for his three
year-old Hulford, only losing to George
Berry by a head. Hulford, which was
ridden by Travers, and 23 to 5 in the
betting, made all the running, but at
the end Jack Martin, astride Berry,
had the better of the saddle controver
sy, getting the decision. Instructor, at
one time looking dangerous, ruined his
chances by running out on the turn.
Flo Manola, the favorite, pulled up
very lame.
Billy Magrane's old horse Handpress
ran and acted like a two-year-old in
the Futurity course sprint, fifth to be
decided. Opening favorite at 9 to 5,
she floated to AW and, with Johnny
Daly up, was in the lead from start to
finish. Young Morello ran second, a
length in .advance of Hipponax, the 8
to 5 favorite guided by Bell.
Had the track been made to order it
could not have suited Hainault better,
and the brown gelding was plunged on
at short odds to win the last, a six
furlong selling affair. Johnny Daly,
who had the mount, raced out in front
with E. M. Brattain, although always
having a trifle up his sleeve. Strangely
enough,, though, Hainault quit the last
sixteenth, and Celebrant, coming from
third place, disposed of the gray
sprinter by a couple of lengths. The
winner had Bonner on his back. :
NOTES OF THE TKACK. S,
"Hello, Bell! Did you ring?" "Oh!
just rode Glissandro and Hipponax."
"That's good. Eh, eh. Yes, I under
stand. Well, ring up the Coroner's of
fice when you're not busy. Good-by."
Stuart could not stand for getting
away well very long. In the last race
he came close to being left with St.
Winnifride. The betting shows the
mare was backed back, from 7 to 12.
Track probably didn't suit Rustic
Girl. Or, perhaps, the route was too
far. .
.Wright, who rode Anvil, is not as
fast a rider as he was two months ago.
Flo Manola pulled up very lame.
She made a fine first choice.
Ed Stutte was not so far away when
he went across the board on Modicum
with his money.
Frank Doss is still endeavoring to
pick up a horse. He Jboosted Cele
brant from. $500 to $1800. but the
stable responded with the custo
mary $5. ]t'if
Barney Schreiber, fresh from the
land of the oranges and the tuber
culosis germ, cut in again yesterday.
He says the game at Los Angeles
shows signs of improvement. Consid
erable paper has been spi'inkled about
and the attendance is good.
Twenty-three books laid odds in the
ring yesterday.
His victory in the handicap made
the seventy-seventh race > won by
Kenilworth. Looks like Green Morris
got rid of. a gold brick when he sold
the brown horse some three years ago.
Ill-luck appears to hover over the
Derby candidates. Yesterday morning
Mendon threw his rider, and ran away
two and a half miles. On the back
stretch the three-year-old in some
manner managed to slide under the
bar at the gap and to all appearances
was none the worse for his jaunt.
After a two days' illness Paddock
Judge Jack v Dinue reported back on
duty yesterday. . <
The fifth race was a queer betting
race. Hipponax was at one time 7 to
5 and' "in.". Seven physicians were
called into consultation and pro
nounced Handpress dead. He won all
the way. Now looks as if consultation
was held over the wrong horse.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. -
First race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds anl up; selling.
6020 Bard Burns (Judge). US
met! »Slr- Preston (Scharete) ."..104
• 5870 'Maud Muller (Miller) 07
5080 Bucolic v (Fine) .'.HM
6062 Red Bird (Slaughter) 101
605U Goddess of Night (Park*)... 107
5774 Sue Jqhnson (Fitzgerald). ........... .102
COfi;t Suburban Queen (Winter) ;....".1O2
0038 Adnor (Jones) .. . 104
Second race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling. ..',
6001 Mogregpr' (Bianchl it; Co.) 10S
: «05l Saccharatc «Napa Stock Farm)...... 105
; 5857.Tar Baby (San Joaquln Stable). .'.'.. V.HVi
50fll Cardinal Sarto (Summers)... ..'....*... 10S
co51 EJuardo (Burns & .Waterhouae) .*.;... 1V9
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
INPEESIPE BACSTRAC1C— WEDNESDAY. Feb. K—Weath^rJlne^JTrac — s_o_.
«O74. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; 4-j*ar-olds and tip: v»'"* to J^iJ^—- — £f
'■ Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. «4 . *»• ?*• str " nn ' J_^fj k — '— - 1- '■ T"
6040 Fair L. Anna, 4 <McCafferty)|~0<»| 5 12 12 1 «i 1 V* \ J V *!? oa^ly ".'.'. 'j »• =
(6050) Polonius. 4 (J. F. Stewart). ..108 4 « n 6 1 2 n - n 2 1 W . " c h ehn • ';1*
C054 Gold Kinder, a (T. Fitzgerald) 1 1021 6 2n 22 3« ** '*." ipVn'" .... 4; >•"
(8016) Glissando. a (O. P. Romlgh). 1C5 2 4 1U* h «»'5.f«-J2 WriVnt .... • IS
6<«1 Anvil. 4 (Murray & Co.) 100 8 7 7 7 7 7 10 . 15 5 h « "*" . u .20
6054 Outburst, a (J. J.McAlester) HOi 3 5 l!i« 4 6 'W 7 -oft ?• Kelly... « 2©
6093 Klckumbob a (Walz & Co.).. 107! 1 S lh'"« *» 5 2 * 4 2 « -st'nart ... 10 W
5903 | Arthur Ray 5 (Clayton) 10817 S 8* 8 j s - tual1 •••
• — ___^_____ — — — • . _ place 7-f*' snow.
Time— :25>.«i. :51. 1:17. 1:14%. At post 2 minutes. Off at -•?♦• *"?*' ± t v Plaudit -Red
2-5. Polonius. place. 7-10: show. out. Finder, show. ... W 'C-.-t three "driving hard.
Belle. Trained by C. McCafTerty. Start good. Won «■""*• n N "^ VJaTv not broken a
Winner possessed the most speed. Polonius misht have ■» on na *L rt 'l i nv il Is a poor
stirrup. Bell's ride on Glissando was disgraceful. Wright, who rode Amu,
mechanic. Klckumbob quit early. Arthur
♦KJTsT^nccciND^^
Index! Horse and Owner. WtiSt. U- H- \- * lr - Fin " ' _^j k !I-._J-£L—^
WKulsteel Wire (11. Stover). !~ 105 7 4 1>i4 1 lh \J Martin..
0033 [Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.). 108 2 :« 2 - *i - ,?. i , 7»2iv 5-2 2
(58."W)|Golden Idol (H. E. Rowe.ll).. 113 ?. 2 h 1 n 3 \'t\ J ; grjl**" J5 12
(C015) Bose Ely (Blaslngame Bros.). 110 8 « >4 •'» H 4 *« :'.,■ „ 8 1«>
<r.S23)|Gloom.v Gust <B. & W.). |110| 4 7n «l 5 1 jHell _ 2 .,
<W«9) My Order «P. Ryan).../ ill0| e 1 h jj n h 5 ?!%*V^ta »> W »
6895 Tar Flat (San Joaquln Stable) [ 1051 5 »♦ »* •« i^h 6<> !<*»
6039 Only Jimmlc (Washoe Stable)|lC5| » 8 1 »2 J2 " oa £" \ 12 15
«051 Edith Vice (P. Hildreth) 105! 1 5 n SI 0 1 P pnn / r • " 'j lr0
5C55 Onondulum (Mra. Miller) ]l07|10 10 10 1° __ __!_!_ __iltlllJ —
Time— :24U TmT At post 2 minuted Off at 2::n. "Wire place. «: show 3. f£f^
place 8-5; show 4-5. Idol. show. 2-5. Winner, b. f. by The Greek -Rlcardo >• V££ n«
by H. Stover. Start good. Won In a drive of four. Martin won race by com£*
through on rail. Golden Idol ran out badly on turns as usual, bumping My or aer.
Ely ran a good race. EdlthV^cehadatetnpestuousJ^Jp^ -
<;<>7G. THIRD RACE— S»ve n furlongs; selling : 3-year-oida; .value to first. $325-
TnleT! Horse and Owner. VVtlSt. U. *<,. *i . Str. Fin. I Jockey.^JOP^J^
fiOlJTtGeorge Berry (Bottser & H.) 1061 1 5 6 4 2 3 2 2 5 1 \ I Martin.. 2 S
(6027) Hulford (H. Stover; I »8 4 3 n 1 H 1 I 1 n 2 10 ,Travrr» ... * —^
6002 Instrument (McAllister & Co.):t03! 2 lh 5 4 5 4 4 »H3 J ronnell.... 15 -'
«:<»18 Instructor (Boots & II.) 110313 2h 3 b 2n 3 'i 4 8 Bonner .... « «-*
6023 Flo Manola (M. J. Daly) | 961 ft 4 >i 2 n 4 2^5 «* 5 h \\ . Daly... « 1- «
WX5S_|Standard_(J._J. JUcAlesterK. ; IWI C f. 6 6 6 6 IRoach I * •
Tinv—:25. :50«i. 1 :10>i, 'l:29«i. At post V, minute. Off at 2:55. Berry. &*<*•*■*$£?£
1-2. Hulford place 8-5: show. 7-10. Instrument, show. 3. T\ inner be. by J™ 1^ 0 "
D-Georgia. Trained by E. G. Harmon. Start good for all but S tandar d_ V. on in «
hard drive of • two. Martin on winn-r out finished Travers astride HulfoM. i^"^
should have won. Instructor ran out on the turns. Flo Manola pulled up •verj lame.
Standard practically left. '_^-_ ■ _-__ _.
<»>77. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles ; hndep.; 3-yr.-olds fc up: to first. >800.
Index I Horse and Ow^eT! |Wt|St. U. 'i. % . Str. Fin. I Jo^ e^__ _^_ m^jj
WU~ Kenilworth. 6 (H. Stover).... \U\ 1 1 « 4 1 1 I *i 1 »i 1 ns See •;
CC41 Modicum 4 (D. S. Fountain.. 108 2 R h 5 n 5 2 4 3 2 *i Travers ... 1- _-^
C041 Jockey Club. 4 (W. Fisher).. 106! » 2 1%2 % 2 *i 3 H 3 H B«» • • ■• • •• * 'if
♦1041 I^)rd Melbourne. 4 (Bonder).. 1(W| 4 3 1%3 1%4 1 2 n 4 5 ollphant ..I 4 l«
6005 Judge. 3 (M. J. Daly) ." 95! fi *.%*%*» R - 5 ?£ ti V r "JSSi \ 5 «"
.->!»(» Proper. 4 (W C. Jennlns-). .11261 5 7 8h U M 0 1^.1. Martin.. 2 »-•
(«Ct3) Bill Massie. 0 (McAlesterK . .{1001 7 BIT 7 7 7 IBonner 1 15 ™
Time— -'4>; -40»i 11« 1:42 1:4SU. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:23^i. Kenilworth. Pl«c*.
S-5; show. 3-5. Modicum, place. 7; show. 3. Club, show, 1-2. Winner, hr h. by
Sir Mwlred- Queen Bess. Trained by II. Stover. Start good. Won in a hard drive or
four Winner excellently handled. Modicum would have won »a another stride. Jockey
i^lub poorly handled. Not muddy enough for Lord Melbourne. Martin got Proper cut oft
three times going the first half mile, badly rcrambllng the eggs. Judge quit. Massi«
probably outclassed. , J -^- w -^-^-^ J -^- LJ - UJ - 1 _r W -^r>^-o-»->-»-^^
GO78. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
I^dex Horse and Owner. )WtjSt. K~j. »j. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op^ __CT.
6052* Handpress. a (Magrane).lTTTTjio9 1 ... lh 1 i, 1 3 1 3^1.^ Daly. . . . 9-5 4
6050 Young Morello. a (Scharetg).. 101 6 ... 7 5 n 41'S2 1 Travers ... \ 1* IS
5T2fl Hipponax. a (P. P. Lane)....! 10fi 7 ... S % » XWt Z hMI ....... >2 8^
W52 |Qul2 II. C (C. McCaffeny)... 106 3 ... «^i . ,52 4 2 IBonner .... r .
0003 Kgp. Princes*. 6 «I. O'Eourke) 06 2 ... 2 «, 2 1>,2 % o • C. t-mlth... 10 l.t
B002 Rustic Oirl. 6 (E. Fitzgerald)! 96 5 ... 5 2^6 »* 7 ■ * t Koach 4 IM
602C John Boggs. a (Church) 11071 4 .. . 4h 4h 6^7 |McLeon ...! 3O 1W
Tlme .«5 j-in At post U minute. Off at 3:40. Handpress. place. 0-5: show. 1-2.
Morello place .V show, 2 Hlpponax. show. 1-3. Winner, b. h. by Hanover- Pomona.
Trained bv \\"' P Magrane. Start poor. Won easily. Next t-»o driving. Handpress
away flying 'Away better Young Morello could have won. Bell rode Hipponax. 'N'ufI
said. Quiz ran a "fair rac'e. Princess qult._ Rustic JPlrj rjMi a^ . traghy sort of n>ct •
«O7O. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selllns: 3-year-oUIs and up: value to first. $-T^T..
Inlii Horse and Owner. H . * 3 . ?i . Str. Kin. I Jockey. I op. Cl.
e040" Celebrant. 3 (HamlltDn SWjj ?Tj 5 ... 4 2^3 1, 3 2 1 n IBonner . ...| 5 *
re7± v M Nrattaln 5 (Mlllin) '1131 1 ••• 1 l s 2 •» J n - 'j Ihee , 4 J.-.>
5788 Wrvatcr 4 (Boots & H.) 108! 4 n 4 3 4 4 4. Bell •. »
«m Ethel Abbott! 3 (Mrs Miller). 91} 3 ... :. 4 5 3 5 3 5 4 jKnapp » M
(5S9fi) St. Winnifride. 4 (Painter).. -11C5I t. ... « « « *> Stuart . 13
Time— •»**(, "49'i 1 :ir>. At post t minute. Off at 4:17>v. Celebrant, place. «-5: show. 3-5.
nrkTtaln' dace 7-3- show 7-10. Hainault. show. out. \\ Inixrr. ch. c. by Bathampton
?vtM»rV Trained' by J "Glvens. Scratched— Futurita. Ft.rt good. Won cleverly.
Next two driving hard Winner bid up from 55C0 to *lSf» by F W D™: retained.
Vr!Tn fl «Tt raced out In front with Erattain and was easy game for Celebrant at tin
"d ! Btell irated ° Nervator? Ethel Abbott ran away two mile, after the Hnlsh. St.
Winnifride ran a superb race^ ;
Third race — Seven-eighths of a mile; four
year-olds and up; selling.
C02S Mr. Barnun <McCafferty) ]0«
5030 Little Sifter (Graffort &. Co.) ' w
5944 Hellas (Oreely) }"•
6028 Decoy (Miller) ]»i
60C7 Boutonnlere (Jones) ij"
5O7S "Meato (Wilson) *•
602S Dandle Belle (Winter) !<>•»
Fourth race— One mile; four- year-olds and
up; purse.
6003 Grafter (Blasinsame) }»'
6932 Dr. Long (Tanner) J£j
f,041 The Don (Rowcll) l ™
(J017 Kaherin (Schorr) {"•
C017 Daisy Green (Follansbee). »*;
6U05 Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 1C~
B878 Gorgalette (Fltzserald) ■'■>
5H49 Leader (Jennings) -■•••••■; J" 1 .
5397 Dlvina (EJ. Primero Stable) H»
Fifth race— Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds and up: selling.
.1K22 Saintly (Crowe) ™*
«038 Flyer (Ryan) Mfi
6020 »Amasa (Rowley) "^
C0.10 »Chileno (Blaslngame) »*
59.54 Judge Voorhies (Murray)....- 1O.
0055 •Constellator (Keating & Co.) iv
txm Solinus (Levy) »»
6078 Hlpponax (Lane) lv *
Sixth race— One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and up; selling-.
C042 •Byronerdale (Crane) W
So« Pr^K 'wU^J^rdVn-ciiySt-blei::: j«i '
fiflM The Ledaean (Boots & Hollenbeck. ..lofl
C043 Horton (Bianchl & Co.) 109
•Apprentice allowance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
e eeeQe OO eoG3Qooooeeooeeoo9oodoeocQO9eoeoaoot
I MEN, IT'S FREE!
2 / OT^V As k me to send you. sealed. fre».
5J / , , a hook just completed, which will
3? Jar i- /kLTfSj^%x inspire any man to be bigger.
® /^VW"^ S3*^A S&T-^ stronger, younger (if he is old*.
® I ><^*IS>^^32tSrj3i^ and n ' orf * manly than he ever felt.
Q ;,.'-. J, |^r vi'tc? jp/tgFt? 1 -^LTsS}/ I am a builder of men.
© rV E&2&* Ti^K l c:in takc a P y weak - Puny man and
© rf'B&i. make nlm fee ' li^* a Sandow. Of course
& pt^^^^ €£&££m * can't make a Hercules of a man who
#3 >^~=. was nevpr intended by nature to be
S f strong and husky. I don't mean that.
Jg \ I jf^gs- Z^S But I can take a man who started
• , i t "^ with a fair constitution and before It
O \ v^^S* \i C°t fully developed began tearing it
© \ vk?^. v4 down. That fellow is weak nerved slow
0 V \?"- <$> *■ poky, lacking in vim. ambition and self-
A \ A \ $: confidence. I can make a man of him
Q JSk ' V^ X iri tnree months, so that his own friends
5 /S^TK. \* '\ wn't know him.
a V C *, v E J" T man -Jj" ho is wak and "Bolng
S» /'Mi3a k nack knows that the.ro ou^ht to bi»
• J||^ -S something which will restore that old
O /{ ;| n ,/fe <J^ "steam" to his physical body. Ho has
© /*' %'VfM'A !r led th « e u , sual drus mwt hod and found
• I'Jf !W that a fizzle, and . yet he knows there
© |$ |i \ <# must Jbc something.
a Ja « :^' J® I know '*• too. and I've cot- it It's
8 J i |l| : 'i Electricity. You can't name anything
S % H W m W more llkeIy to have tha «- which h
A iJ W St ?' eak man lacks - It-S a natural power
m /f %_ % \ M I , can pun 2 p u , tnto a w^k man while he
f // S V \^ sleeps ajid make him feel like a Sandow
• f / vs. -♦• 'v; in«no time. Its the spice of llfp
© ." ' \v »v4 So get the book, if you want to bo
• closely and m*«l to you without mSrS^'com^nf^^^fV^hl?
S I^c C c h u C red yOU taU ° r Write ' r11 BiVe yOU the namcs of P~P™ you'kn^w'thai
I Dr. M. C McLaughlin, 9 A ° W 6 Market st.
PEO3ABL2 wiflisEES.
First race — Bard Barns, Sir Frostoa,
Goddess cf Ui°rht.
Second race — Ednardo, Saccharatc,
Moffrejror.
Third race— Decoy, Mr. riraum, Eon
tonlerre.
Ponrtli race— Leader, Dlvlaa, Grafter.
Tit tn race — Satatly, Constsllator,
Jndffe Vocrhies. ,
Sixth race — Horton, Trani Woods,
Byronerdale.
Bride Varied Statements as to Azc
Ralph Irwin of 29S6 Pine street and
Sadie Lyons presented themselves be
fore Justice of the Peace Dunn last
Tuesday evening and asked him to
marry them. Dunn asked the youns
lady how old she was and she said 17.
Upon being informed that she would
have to obtain the consent of her pa
rents to the marriage Miss Lyons said
she was IS. The marriage license
previously secured gave her age at ths
latter figure. In the face of her con
tradictory statements Judge Dunn de
clined to marry the couple. They
then proceeded to the courtroom of
Justice of the Peace Lawson, who tied
the knot upon the young lady satis
fying him that she was 18.NUMBERS
OF THE
HOnduras National Lottery Co.
'LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATJEXT APPLIED FOR.
single Number Class "B," Drawn at
Puerto Cortcz, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, February 13, 1904.
N 1G Prlz^' No - FrizeA No. Prize,
-i,, ■*». 137 1C^ 304 24
£2 i* ; I 431 io, 622 it;
,^ 16 W2 «00 1112 K,
[try. w i2» i« 1*71 io
. L*}^ «0 1751 24 1KT6 40
SJ^ 1C -'iWi 24 S2S0 40
2ff i«, 2:»06 40 zzi-2 i«5
t£:l 24 2U27 16) 3<C8 24
5*A* *0\ 2247 241 t*l» 16
r.*l l«l 34^8 4Oi 3il2 1<3
W 37bl 16] 37S3 10
"^ 161 3J):a U\ 4W1 24
**92 10] 44*0 40 i 440 40
*?l'. -'4 4579 16 4S8S 24
**'!2 1-'"! <""4 24; 4St« 80
*%'.!. 40| 4S»25 24|4y3rt 1C
ZZ*} 1C, 4»45 "4; 612«5 24
■ j£4£ ».(>■ 6S8» 4O 1 M70 400
»i»» 4C>! f.i'^Jl 4Qf*>\ 57tt> 24
4 1C, .'.&;» 16, ftPSO 40
£,IJ 24; «>71 lt>. fcOMl 40
2i| €2T4 24; W13 24
***' l« C4r,f> 24 6SS4 40
J~r3 40, €705 1C 67M 16
G'Wi 16; C2S1 120 703» 16
i''.«..... 16; 70S;j ic! 7174 24
l~'' SO- 74VO 1617425 SO
ir^i :6 'v^ 24; 7«4 24
i'°5 !<"'! 7825 SOj 7Si-5» 16
• 63 5 24; 7«71 24J 7»74 16
ffl 40: HIS l«| R3S2 80
I* 06 i« id f-arn is
«> ( 14 24 ; w.40 16! V75 24
K k«07 SO- 6yO« 24
??-£ Wf ©074 80 BOStf SOt«O
*2<39 id, fCCT. 16
»2*4 16] ©410 24 »U7 16
P "i4 i«r«S5S..:;. 24 osse i?
V.t-9 40, «aiS l«!l0O7» SO
ZfimS 16,102<>0..... 24 H!274 ... 1*1*
'f^'9 «0,10412 24!lO."21 40
J0r> « !iP.10t/»l 16I1O003 10
l"^ 4 * Ifi. 10711 16:iOM4 24
"S?2 24 : lll01..... 24 '11300 16
1*230 40 11410 IC 11474 16
115M lClltiOl 16.11C09 120
■ 1 !'.<&> •.;■:.■... SO 12OSO $50
12057 24 12213 1«1222» 40
123.T7 1« 1239S 4<* 1241O t«>
ISJS 2412543 ie'12002 24
'12729 40 12>«CW 24112016 16
134<>4 K..1343S 40113544 1«
12565 2412578 IC 13737 24
13HJ« 1«;14CK> 16 14127 16
14244 40 144S2 1«. 14.110 16
34719 16:i47S>4 80 15023 16
1510S 40 154U5 16 154SS 16
3."*:2S 16 15776 241*»«4 40
15319 24I1S937 40:16127 16
10105 4O-1G419 IC 1642A ... 24
".•;•". 24I1CSS6 lC'lRKtO 10
17124 16 17383 16;17.'.23 16
J7:.5» 16 17574 8O,17."S5 24
17037 24 17711 16111781 120
17h74..... If, 175*22 lC:lS079 24
:ei4* 40 isxu i2i» isms i<;
JK.0S IC IS503 If. 'MOW 80
JPflC3 1«; 1S7O4 40 18725 IC
18816 10 l^flf) lrt 1K927 120
1KJC7 2C'M(S7 10 1JVI91 80
1S26« 24 111322 12i"» 1W4«» 16
1MM SO 1M.V. IC 19576 15
V.CZ0 24:19824 R0'lW»13 40
WX41 l«2<"ilJ3 lfi2C2O6 hO
2fr^<VR If. 2<i:{(r2 4<iO 2032*.« M
204S7 IC 205C"> 16 2tC.S5 19
£0018 24 20057 40'2t7t'.l 21
2CS23 24'2(KU1 1CJ20B63 IC
21C19 1C21129 1CI2114U 1«
21432 1C2I540 24 21 54 3 10
21CS0 4fl.21C.~C 1C'21«7» KO
21fi»S 80 21718 16 21M2 24
1UC8 1021974 24 21979 ' 24
219»4...... 4O221K2 4K22202 120
22224 24 222S2 80 22373 24
22734 40231<r2 80 2:1123 10
:.'.,.• 8rt 23319 16 23399 24
2X420 24 23439 10 23457 24
S3558 1C2T,MJ6 16 24(132 16
£4081 4<» 24230 bO 24244 16
24270 8ii24423 16 24470 24
24483 IC 24C27 16 24552 16
2455S 24 245'.'3 16 24633 24
24i».% 16 247O* 16 247*9 40
247H9 16 24VJ7 16.24M1 16
24944 IC 24962 24 25<>34 40
rr^CS 40 25147 If. 2T.271 24
252V2 1« 25561 4<i 255«7 10,
2.%62S 4O 2.Vi<ll 16 257O5 40
25732 16 2575S lrt 2T.S96 40
2WK8 24 26113 • 120 28146 24
20155 10 2P221 24 26243 16
562S7 24 2T.265 16 2C385 16
264O1 8026463 16 2C5fe5 24
1M742 16 2«7:i3 162C032 1't
2»r,476 16 27OK1 16 274f>0 16
27575 8>p277i>4 16 27725 24
27739 Jfil'TT.V) tt' ■2>'«Hfl 4"
28(»fi4 16 2V124 ll'i 2-S238 SO
2^247 16 2*2*1 4<i 2«74 SO
2M79 1628613 24 2M572 1«
2*757 16 2^766 4 (< 29O55 24
23525 K>.2»r.»3 16 29734 24
2«782 24 2S»N46 4tv2W«» 40
2f»95rt 1« 3tX.-9« 24 SO22S 1«
5I134S 16 3T«»0 12f>3f<*31 40
8u716 feO 30755 24 30768 24
309^2 1631OO1 163Uifl4 1000
31177 16 31341 24:31517 16
E15«7 40*31745 4tV31ST.fi 16
S1934 24 311)45 K»31055.. v .. 4<>
32132 16 32191 1C.32353 16
S2401 24 32447 ho 32304 24
• :X5£7 16 32740 40 32742 16
r;2>»rtK 16'
:;2S5S 24 32909 40 32914 24
U3O72 16 33125 16 33458. .... 24
33557 1C33C14 16 33663 80
K3fc75 16 33941) 80 S3fM5 24
r_"H»4 4034I10 4034470 40
34471 40 3401*. 24 34600 80
.24745 24'34S51 3634*92 16
S49<M 24 35136 40 35219 24
F.54 ■ 40 35541 24 35£03 24
TZS42 24 35*06...... 1C'?.5«.«9 16
:;f,007 4030140 16:3«i219 16
UJ.il 24 36453 24:3C5.'« 40
W026 1636033 K0'.tC638 40
.V.862 R0T.6M7S 16'37O45 SO
S723S . . 81 37245 40 37254 40
T.75M 4037734 1«&77<B 16
37795 . .. 24 37^»0 24 37892 24
::7ST.5 16 37904 103VO74 24
r^.TiO .. iei8830 16IW373 24
«M<"« . 16.^419 24 3S455 24
?.S474. . . . 24'XM<3 J«:."»W>0 10
3K7C3 * n 3<«»f2 4OO'3«iS58 10
SnS»'.'. ' 10391C4 4'»::jyiK7 16
-MH97". . 24 39200 2CXI0 S9294 1«
39354! 24303K3 24T»302 16
r>9'75 '".'.'. 40;3JW;03 24 39^4 10C0
4015* 24 4"25G lC4O2f»6 16
4f-16' . l r ' 40406 24'4012S 16
• 40541 ..... 16 4054.* 10 4OCO1 16
40C83 1C407M ..... 24 40907 24
41O00 ... 21 4inrW5 16i413(;l 16
41S3* 24 41563 120415J«3 80
41060 . 80 41750 16 41M8 24
*1K75 .... 2442013 24'42fKifl 24
42K1 .... 24 42192 40 42204 2*
■423U ie'42352 1C.423»» HO
aster" 24<42.vn ici42504 16
4"',W ".'.'. 80 42371 24 42640 24
4*£i . 21I26S8 10 42WS 24
42777.'.'... 24'42>>20 24 42833 24
4^lo'.;.'! ieJtti«IMM 2**^-'.'.'.'.'. 80
433A3 . IC 43394 IC 434^1 10
4-r,2H 1043039 10 43990 16
4»007 . IC 44014 1C 44137 16
441»3 ".'.. 1C442O.? 10 44514 24
4«52« . Sr. 44619 RO 44675 24
44S03 Wi'44»0« 4044S11 16
44K2l" IO 44CJI 21 4:iOO8 40
<5169...- 24 45175 80 4.1194 40
4-V, ICIISC22..-'.-. 40'45R:9 16
A-Zi'd" 24 44^1 1O4G1RK 16
;S 24H6C6S 24 40076 IC
*f T 4S 2«4«M3 10413445 16
4^::.:. -24-4731? IC475S-. V .. IC
*".,-* 4" 47-»«..... 24 47411..... 120
*^%. 40 47733..... 40 47879 40
Zl'^i ltV4M>71..... 4H4K444 80
*cn^ 24'J«O4S 404K050 16
*l-L 1C4S-WW 404*902 16
*f t^, 24'49120 24 49158 24
»' ;::: ass asa s
g^i JS::::: M^::::: S
i^ll 24.V*16 BOJS082J J«
52S 40WW7R 405IOO0 1«
II iii B !
f.^::::: Jo-i** -eiawg «
BU06 40!5197» 4 2;'x2S-- > ifl
l^ :: iS^::::: »
;^rj^ ifl-sanss ro 52717 40
VrJvT 4O'-.27.v» . 24:53104 ifl
11 iii pi 1
-.4«21 J6 540W5 l« 348M 1-"
Wh 2 : S*S 4^^;::::: «
::f;;, 245r»4«» i« S5M» »«
£££' - 16 5C557 24 5«3.4 24
El: 5S§E |g|| g
'7'Z-K J4»7Sa I«,5i5C2 Z4
%gg m»C74 l«58303 1«
TXtU.'.'.Y. J6 5M27 JSUwmt 40
tSAK I65*<W2 JS^S 24
T.V770 4O 5K785 # ]%'£%£ -4
II H II I
r*,Q? 24'62260 24 «22K3 -•
~4,i -40 02457 40*52400..... *»
I6C2T44 24182617 ]«
Si«::::: '2««*oi «°- 63083 49
No. Prize. I No. Prize, f No. Prize.
63078 1663234 40 632T.2 SO
63373 24 63403 16,G.1S«» 40
C39C4 ie;C3»03 10.64022 16
6422C 16 04266 80,84327 16
64350 24.64433 40 04440 16
644<?7 24,64597 24 04620 120
64%25 40 64S40 16 64894 16
65011 16 65064 80!65066 16
63216 40J65235 16 65417 SO
<»424 120,65427 40J65467 24
«55M 1«'C5573 80 «5621 24
e57O7 4O'65S25 4o't»S41 80
65964 24J65995 16 66041...... 16
66042 16.6G076 24 R6198 : 16
66229 40-60235 16 06352 '24
C65S8 ie;0C041 24 ! 6CC57 24
00096 40,66822 24 60S86 16
0CH32 40'670M 24 C7180 16
C7I94 16C7208 24i674»4 SO
67544 16 675S4 16|C7779 16
677S7 24;67M« 24 67S40 24
68025 16'C«lfi4 16 6*226 16
CS295 16 6S321 24|6S.M0. l . . . 40
6S537 10CS576 40:6WV73 24
CS7C3 16|6SS50..'... 16,6SS77 80
KSS90 24'C90I4 16 090.19 40
690&4 1669116 16'69143 24
«»183 40'69276 120109327 16
C9516 16 6S720 lrt 09729 4O
09733 24!«»755 1609797 16
€»S15 lfi ! «9SS2 16I69961 16
T0O10 l«|7O220 24 70245 10
7(1269 24170322 40 70401 80
70476 10 70519 24J70532 24
70933 16 7OTO7 16,71051 16
71205 £4 71241 40171386 24
71402 J671W3 24)71634 16
71670 16 7176S 40 71797 lfl
71827 16!71S30 40J71924 24
71940 120;71982 SO 72112 10
72C1S 16.72392 24.2916 40
T2032 4O 73112 S0J73145 40
73227 16 73328 24:73372 16
73421 24,73473 16 73705 40
73753 16i737S3 80 73SO4 40
7S845 1673W53 40 7393S 1«
i 739S3 1674172 40 74247 24
| 74277 24J74345 1674411 40
! 7442n 20 74M1 24i740Vt 24
174679 1« 74731 1C ; 74791 16.
! 74*27 24J749M &V749S5 16 '
75035 £0:75037 lfl 75082 SO!
175112 SOl-r.214 16 75300 24 i
I 75425 40 754S6 24!75538 16!
! 75645 16*75718 16 ! 75790 24
,75808 80 75R4S 24'7C970 40]
7T.971 1676117 1070126 16
I 7621 S 1076514 10|70566 24
j 765S4 40 76771 4O;7«KO3 16
I 7<5fllO 16 77O.V> 16'77222 24
77323 40'77374 4O-774<V> 40
,77442 ' 40!7753« 24177549 80
I 77R30 • 241 j
177001 16I77R08 2477S11 10
I 77907 4*> 7RCO9 12078134 40
LtKWO 24178380 24l7<vJS5 16
' 7S410 167«4!10 247S677 16
i 7KC09 24 I 7S723 24I7S744 16
! 7RS19 B0;7Rf*;i 1« 7f>CfiS 16
I 794.S.8. 1679515 16:79519 16
; 7f>O"tf) ic 7'i-ftj 24I79S37 16
i 79*72 lfi'7S>»36 40180017 16
I fc0O70 10S0120 16:«ftlS4 8f>
I 801*7 10 80259 4n'S0430 40
I 80495 RO'SOOSS 4O'S08O8 24
I 80935 1081240 80 81249 80
81347 24181373 4081390 16
81420 2481511 24181526 16
I 81537 W'RU'Mt l«IS1077 16
I S1«2S 80R1S70 16 S2143 24
S23SI 40 82338 16!R23S*4 16
| 82.VT7 40)82816 40S3UTO 24
I MO47 1083181 10 83225 16
83241 1WVM320 12OIS3472 10
! RST.fil , 16'83.Y.>2 lli'R3649 10
83730 leftMH 16183948 80
84429 16184546 24:S471« 16
84*75 16R4918 16'S.VWB 10
I S5137 16185321 16183523 16
I KWrTB 40 <0>70rt lfl K5773 24
j R.-..919 24iVW>7 lO'SflftKS 4O
W.125 40KC212 1<!'SO2:>7 24
[86331 40 1< MW-n8 16187327 24
B73S3 l«S7.i«4 40'«7534 24
fiTW in <^7fi<6 40'87029 24
87702 Ifl S779« 4087WW 10
K8102 4OKMR4 40 88227 24
I KR421 24 ; K'*7!)3 lfi^SS.'iS 16
i RSS7S 24 SS9.il 40:P c Ki00 24
' KMWl 24 «!»H>2 24'H0304 16
I fc-fl.TSH 4O'Sn5O9 4O'S9517 10
R&.%3<*> 40 K9122 IC'83042 16
: 8*.<C4<J ... 1O:MW>8 40S0S25 10
| (BOSS 1<;;«i0023 24KW362 10
110379 40 00453 24'9»HRfi 24
804SS SO WV7O7 1090754 10
{>O0ft8 24 91145 2491170 16
H1200 24913U 24 ! 914fi0 24
«1443 1«S1.%.V? Rf>ft1!>75 24
P2009 If.. 921 01 16 921 10 40
92153 24 922.V5 24 92311 10
VZ-VZ 4O 92361 40 923S3 10
fCnv." . 24T»249t 16 9254K 24
D2SX2 10 92''50 16192855 80
p*>.- ( R 40 92901 4093121 120
fl31«7 120 9.1422 4093529 24
£3(5.14 24 93007 M'JWOflK lrt
fl.TM0 40193838 10 03942 40
»W<»49 1JS91022 IC'9402.-. 16
«U0S2 24 942*9 30000 MrKO 24
04443 RO94«S2 80 94720 18
84?«73 ir:t.V»4!» 16J9S085 24
«l.V!fttt 16'!l.V«« 10 95200 400
U. r »272 1095342 24053K5 80
fi.WJO l»i 9r.«.'« 24 95S16 24
{KM* 10:95R50 40 9<;059 16
tx~rr« 10'0fl2»4 24 90403 1«
f»O4O» 16 fWWVW 24 9W73 Ifl
t«r7f>3 24 rt0S07 Hi'lfciSOS 24
m:823 . 120 r»«:K:»o 1007000 i«
07193 1«97.T>5 10 97395 16
97443 10:97470 10,97*01 24
97951. ... 1<V9«12S 4O'9S1B5 1«
fl<C>,r.7 4O9S412 ROOR441 16
UM79 16 9*770 40'nstTJO 120
&R722 24 9RM2 1OR843 24
J»SO47 24'9R9O7 10'99Oai 16
90050 120 90390 HO JKH91 40
WMU2 24 99590 40 99fiO5 80
09729 24|99742 2499910 16
APPROXIMATE PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 94239 to 94X19.
inclusive, being 50 numtwrs on each
Fide of the number drawing the capi
tal prize cf $30,000. $40; 100 numbers from
9042 to PI 42. inclusive, belr.gr 50 numbers on
each fide of the number drawing the capital
prize of $8000. 24; 100 numbers from 5581 to
BttSU inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side
of the number drawing capital prize of $4000,
flC.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine number* end
ing with 89. being the two last figures of the
number drawing the capital prize of $30,000,
$«; 999 numbers ending with 92, being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $8000. $8.
"fhe subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing class B, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hondu
ras. C. A., this Saturday. February 13, 1904.
f (Signed) \V. S. CABELL. Commissioner.
17500 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-QUARTER OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
I solrmnly swear that I am the bona
fide owner and holder of one-fourth ticket No.
46232 of the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany {Louisiana State Lottery Company),
which drew the first capital prize of $30,000 at
the drawing held at Puerto Cortez. C. A., Sat
urday. January 16, 1904, and that I received
th» money In full.
(Signed) HARRY WOODLET.
1411 Porter St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
Witness my hand and sworn to and sub
scribed before me this 2Sth day of January,
1904. at Philadelphia, Pa.
(Notarial Seal) ARNOLD KATZ.
Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $1, ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI
TAL PRIZE.
State cf Ohio, County of Franklin.
Henry W. Spade, being by me duly sworn, sayi
j that he Is the ownt-r of one-half of ticket No.
I 49713 in the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany drawing in the January Drawing of the
raid company. In which the said number drew
half of the Fecond capital prize, the cum of
*4000; that his pjace of residence Is Denune
avenue. Linden Heights. Franklin County.
Ohio. (Signed) HENRT W. SPADE.
Hworn to before me and subscribed in my
presor.ee this 29th day of January, 1904.
C. HERMAN, Notary Public
ISADORE FEIBELMAN, Notary Public.
$4000 FOR $2— WHOLE OF THIRD CAPITAL
PRIZE.
State of Indiana. City of Indianapolis.
Isaac N. Helms deposes and say* that ho
resides at 1C8 West North street. Indianapolis,
Ind.. and that he Is the bonaflde owner of
one whole ticket No. 53.322 of the Honduras
National Lottery Company, which In the draw
ing held on Saturday.- January 16. 1004, at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras. C. A., drew the third
capital prize of four thousand dollars.
• Signed) ISAAC. X. HELMS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January. 1904.
(EignwJ) . ANDREW SMITH.
Notary Public.
$8000 FOR $2— WHOLE OF SECOND CAPI
TAL PRIZE.
State .of California. City and County of San
Francisco.
Robert Nolan, being first duly sworn to law,
says that he resides at No. 1615 CalrTomia
street: that he Is a member of the firm of
John Nolan & Sons, stablemen. 1611-1613 Cali
fornia street, both lr. thli city and county of
San Francisco, State of California; that he Is
the bolder of ticket No. 607R1. Honduras Lot
tery Company, being what is known as a full
ticket, the drawing of which took place Decem
ber 12, 1903. and which said ticket drew the
recond capital prize, amounting to $S0OO. and
this deponent is the bona fide owner of said
ticket.
(Signed) ROBERT NOLAN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 18th
day of January. 1904.
HARRY J. LASK. Notary Public.
State of* Indiana. Marion County.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS? — ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
Henry Gllck of 640 Virginia avenue. Jn the
city of Indianapolis, Marion County. Ind., be
ing first duly sworn on oath, depose* and saya.
that he is the lawful and bona fide owner and
holder of one-eighth ticket No. 4R323, Class A.
In the Honduras National Lottery Company,
Louisiana State Lottery, which number drew
the first capital prize of $30,000 at the draw-
Ing held at Puerto Cortes. Honduras, C A., on
Saiurdav. January ltt. 1904.
(Sip-eVl) - HENRY OLICK.
Subscribed end sworn to before me, this 25th
dty of January, 1004.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 190*.
YANKEES TIKE
HAND IN WAR
American Warship Throws
Shells Among the Insurgents
at Pajarito in Santo Domingo
SQUAD OF MARINES LAND
Action of Naval Officer Due to
Menacing Course of Rebels
Toward American . Interests
SAN JUAN, Porto- Rico, Feb. 17.— A
private message has been received here
from Santo Domingo City, dated Feb
ruary 17, saying that an American war
ship bombarded the Insurgents at Pa
jarito, near San Domingo, and then
landed marines. These men, however,
subsequently re-embarked.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— The land
ing of marines at Pajarito, near San
Domingo, by an American warship no
doubt was authorized by the command
ing officer as a result of some menace
to American interests in that section
of the country. The cruiser Columbia
is now near Santo Domingo and the
marines landed presumably were from
that vessel. Her commanding officer
is Captain J. M. Miller. The unsettled
condition of affairs in Santo Domingo,
bordering in many places on anarchy,
has been a source of much .irritation
to the administration, and Admiral
Wise, the jenior naval officer in those
waters, has been given large discre
tionary powers to deal with the situ
ation.
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco.
ORGANIZED MAT, 1900.
"TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS'. All genuine tlckejs of this com
pany have Initials R. G. Co. on faces and
monogram R. G. C. on backs thereof.
Following: are the capital priies as decided
by the Honduras National Company Saturday,
February 13, 1004: No. 04289 wins |750O,
sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No. 9092 wins
$2000, sold In Marlposa, Cal.; No. 6031 wins
?1UOO, sold In Stockton, Cal.; No. 30200 wlna
$500, sold In Portland. Ore.; No. 31001 wins
$250, sold In San Francisco, Cal. ; No. 308M
wins $250, sold In San Francisco, Cal.
This company paid to Hilly Franxonl. 138
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco, $7500 00
for whole ticket No. 46232, drawing ol January
10. 1904.
All rrizes of this company are paid In full
immediately on presentation at the office of
the company in San Frariclsco.
$10.CtH) reward will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment. •
The Original Little Louisiaui Com
' pany of San Francisco. Estab
lished Januarj*» 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
ere placed before the public from time to
time, we would respectfully call the attention
of purchasers of tickets to buy only from re
sponsible agents and to see that their tickets
read as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OK SAN FRANCISCO, ESTAB
LISHED JANUARY. 1887.
Each coupon has the Initials M. & F. on
the face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by th» Honduras National Companv
February 13. 19(4: No. 942S9 wins $7500 00,
sold in Pan Francisco. Cal.: No. 9092 wins
f2wK> 00. sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. MM
wins $1000 <m>, sold in San Francisco. Cal.; No.
::o»» wins $o«K) <x>, sold in San Francisco, Cal.;
Nos. rtio«?4 and. X0.SS4 each win $250 00, sold in
San Francisco. Cal.; Nos. n."i2, 5470, 20302
HSM)2 and 952«0 each win $100 00. sold In San
Francisco and Oakland. Cal.
The following capital prize* were paid by
the above M. & F. for January lfl, 1904 :
Frank Bison. No. 1417 Powell street. San
Francisco. Cal., *375O 00: Mrs. J. Jacobsen,
No. 217 Fourth avenue, San Francisco, Cal.,
$3730 00; Joseph E. Perry. No. 826 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal., $1000 00; James A. Kane. No.
67 Portola street. San Francisco, Cal.
$1000 00; Amando Ratto. No. 40A Albert lane.
Pan Francisco. Cal., .«500 00; F. Bacigalupi,
No. 15 Sonora street, Pan Francisco, Ca!
$500 00. • •
n>i rfH 9 i mjfiffi|ffij38J
STANFORD XIXE IS READY
FOR SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
Varsity Track Team Will Meet Ath
letes I'roni Pomona High School
Early in April.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 17.
— To-morrow afternoon the varsity
nine will play Its third game with the
Santa Clara College baseball team.
The game will be played on the var
sity diamond. Of the two previous
I contents Stanford won the first by the
score of 11 to 10 and Santa Clara the
second by the score of 8 to 4. On Sat
urday Cllf Ireland's 'Independents will
i meet the varsity nine on the Stanford
1 diamond.
Treasurer Cowden of the Associated
Students has completed arrangements
for a track meet between the Pomona
College athletes and the varsity team.
The meet will be held on the Stanford
track on the 5th or Cth of April, about
two weeks prior to the intercollegiate
[field day with Berkeley. Negotiations
I are also on foot to secure a meet with
1 Nevada.
Dr. Frank Angell, treasurer of the
Stanford Training House Corporation,
has made a report to the organization
showing that there is now more than
$6000 in the treasury as- a nucleus of
the fund with which to build Stan
ford's new training house and athletic
fields.
It is probable that work will be be
gun on the athletic field in the. near fu
ture in order that It may be completed
before 1905, when the intercollegiate
football game will be played on the
Stanford campus. Provision is to be
made for a gridiron, cinder path, base
ball diamond and other athletic fields
and also bleachers of sufficient capacity
to accommodate the football crowds.
It Is estimated that the .total outlay
will be more than $20,000.
Mrs. Stanford promised several years
ago to make a donation to' the training!
house fund when it should reach cer
tain proportion?, and it Is not unlikely
that she will double the amount now in
the treasury. If funds are not forth
coming from some source the larger
part of the cost of the athletio fields
will have to be met with borrowed
money. Donations from the alumni
are expected to swell the fund.
AGED HIBERNIAN COUPLE
MEET RUSSIAN VIXEN
Mrs. Elizabeth Pavuk Shows the O'Donnells : Phase
of Aggressive Warfare — A Chinatown Bum Claims His
Rights and a Number of Criminals Keep Judges Busy
Russia persists in her course of cruel
treatment to those of other nations.
The latest report of atrocities comes
from old Tar Flat, in the vicinity of
First and Jessie streets. The victims
are John and Mary O'Donnell, an aged
Irish couple, who told Judge Fritz of
the abuse accorded them by Mrs. Eliz
abeth Pavuk, a burly Russian woman,
who is their next door neighbor.
O'Donnell is S6 years old and he came
to the United States sixty-seven years
ffgo. His wife is 73 years of age. To
gether they came from New York to
San Francisco in 1849, and have since
been residents of this city. The old
man told a moving tale of abuse at
the hands of Mrs. Pavuk, and his wife
acted, as special counseland prompter.
"She came into my house," said
O'Donnell, "and threw cold water over
me, and me just getting over the long
pneumony. Then she took me black
thorn, the stick I cut with my own
hands when a boy, and broke it over
my shoulder. Then she grabbed the
stove lifter and hit me over the head
with it"
"Wirra, wirra," sobbed Mrs. O'Don
riell, "she hit my poor old man on the
head with a stove lifter and he bled
more than a quart."
"And she broke my blackthorn stick.
Judge," interrupted the old man.
Mrs. Pavuk denied these serions
charges in toto and with vehemence.
Judge Fritz set the case over until to
morrow so that he may investigate it
further.
• • •
G. J. Wilson was arrested Tuesday
night on Mission street because he
was chasing with a knife everybody
he met He had asked permission to
sleep on some canvas in front of a fur
niture store and when this was re
fused him he secured a knife and ran
amuck.
He was before Judge Mogan yes
terday charged with disturbing the
peace, and Just before his case was
to be called he threw a fit in the dock.
The other prisoners huddled up in the
corners in fear until the bailiffs
reached the writhing man and carried
him out of the courtroom. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital and it is stated that he has re
covered sufficiently to undergo a hear
ing this morning.
Daniel McCarthy, a Chinatown
bum, created a diversion in the Po
lice Court yesterday. He claims to be
a gardener, but the arresting officer
testified that all the gardening Mc-
Carthy dtd was to irrigate his alimen
tiiry canal with noxious booze.
"He's a liar and a thief. Judge, yer
honor," shouted McCarthy. . "I have
as much right to be in Chinatown as
he has."
. He was warned' a number of times
to keep quiet and was finally convict
ed of vagrancy. To-day he will be
given a measurable term in the Coun
ty Jail, where a "grand old gardener"
is needed.
: George Lawrence, the "town con
stable" of Sutro Heights, who assault
ed a Chinatown guide on the public
highway while the guide was escort
ing a party of tourists around the
beach, came before Judge Mogan yes
terday for sentence. The Judge told
Lawrence that he would suspend sen
tence until April 15 and if at that time
the defendant could reconcile himself
to confine his efforts to preserve law
and order under the limitations im
posed by the city and county of San
Francisco the court would dismiss the
case.
James H. Sheehan, who arrived <n
this city yesterday from Alcatraz Isl
and, where, for larceny and desertion
committed in Manila, he had watched
for two years through iron bars the
ships of all nations sailing in and out
of the bay of San Francisco, was be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of robbery. Sheehan enjoyed
twelve hours of liberty and then
found an ex-soldier named Harry von
Leer. Together they went to the lat-
GREW EVERY BIT OF IT. X WE 1&T^ M0Z )jj
W ::^^^^^9 moniaf are not absolutely *' '
/ 'flmV^^^^^m ge ™s^?orpo^vc,bat «<=O M^MS. .
■'■ H WmmMMmmgMM DANDERINE is the greatest Milton Innctloa, Wls.. Jin. 29, 1901.
WMk^^^^^^^ hair and scalp invigorating rem- K^? s S^ B l B . t ,&.» B ,yh.!r
edy ever discovered. ffflX&wThTiwlfte^
1 nuVwvJ^Sa^ W P™" IP 011^ B 1 ™ 11 W mm YOU Can go tO your drug- wear a wig;- my dru«ist here ad»i$ed
\\ ; \\\vft\s^K^ B mm EaaJf Bn H-sa „:<■* anri art n hnttle for me to use Danderine. 1 purchased a
V^ •VvW^^S^T B^ f^ P" B™ K ist a ™P.,,, . b o«lo on his cuarantee and after usinj
\Vs. : VoO^JWww^^Jk ' ■> m 1BL boa iSama 25c, which Will be enough it one week my hair stopped tailing
l.Vv ■•••"•KnvwOSSSS^^ *~ •~«- ..«.. *u n t- nAWnCRTfJP Jc tVi#» amLtett ou '» I am nowon my fourth bottle an3
\V^ ••\V'^ffl^^ tO Convince yOU that DAIS U H,KiJ.ME* IS me grcaiebt my^\tAt the present time is oxer fire
rf*j|^* -.v3^^ preparation for the hair ever discovered, or send this inches tour, flossy and curly, where it
¥J ADVERTISEMENT to us with ten cents in stamps or silver to pay post- e mtit a d?A^h
aee. and we will send you a large sample by return mail. The samples we greatly jnnoyed me, I cannot speak
rjve are large enough to produce beneficial results, in many cases beipg h JSSit^^?Si e rSS^SS
enough to stop bad cases of hair falling and start the hair to growing again. T ery respectfully,
DANDERINE is now on sale at all druggists, three sizes, 25c, 50c. . ,,,*,
SI. OO per bottle. -^^ '<£i@jfr&2»
Guaranteed the best hair grower and scalp remedy In the world. myoa junction, wb.
IJ^Y THE KNOWLTON DANDERINE CO., Chicago.
ter's room at 230 Third street, where
Sheehan throttled his newly found
friend and robbed him of various ar
ticles of jewelry and $28 in money.
Policeman Logan pursued and cap
tured Sheehan and all the missing
valuables were recovered. Judge Con-
Ian held Sheehan to answer to the
Superior Court In bonds of $2000.
Stella Lester, who made Coroner
Leland seek the house tops of Paciilc
street last Saturday afternoon to es
cape her affectionate but unwelcome
attentions, was given three months In
the County Jail yesterday by Judge
Mogan and now the Coroner walks the
streets without timidity.
Timothy Hall, a horseshoer, whose
wife is paralyzed and in the Almshouse
and whose eleven-year-old girl is at the
Children's Hospital, suffering from hip
disease, and to neither of whom he has
contributed a cent for more ■ than a
year, was given thirty days In the
County Jail by Judge Mogan yester
day. The defendant promised that if a
light sentence were imposed he would
be enabled to sober up and then would
forsake drink and support his unfor
tunate family. The Judge told him
that if he did not keep his promise he
would give him a year on the next
complaint.
• • • •
Mary Gaynor. who has come from
durance' vile within a week, was sent
back to the County Jail for three
months yesterday- by Judge Mogan.
She has a habit, after being released,
of invading the premises of those who
testified against her on her trial and
abusing them until the boards of the
floor begin to smoke and the paper
peels from the walls.
J. *S. Hester, who was arrested for
carrying concealed weapons Tuesday
night while appearing before the Police
Commissioners to make application for
a liquor license, was dismissed by
Judge Mogan yesterday. He comes
from Fresno, where there are so many
bad men that a "Gatling" is a necessity
as well as an ornament. He told the
Judge he was going to open a saloon in
the Western Addition, but he did not
Intend to open It with a revolver.'
The hearing of Mrs. Sarah Rdgers on
a charge of attempted subornation of
perjury was continued before Judge
Conlan yesterday. Marie Faulkener,
the complaining witness, finished her
testimony and H. A. Jaeger, a Ha
waiian, who lives at the California Ho
tel, and two other witnesses were
called to testify to collateral matters.
The hearing went over until to-mor
row.
Judge Fritz had as fine a bunch of
crooks before him yesterday as ever
climbed into a striped Jacket. They
were James, Gilligen, Henry Hamilton
and Thomas Murphy, and they were
accused of attempting to burglarize a
rooming-house on Ellis street. Hamil
ton and Murphy were found in the
house trying a door and Gilligen was
watching outside. The first two had
Jimmies and the marks of them were
found on the doors they were trying.
Gilligen killed a man at the Oakland
racetrack three years ago, but was un
expectedly acquitted. He is also said
to have aided in the escape of the Fol
,som convicts,. and while doing so was
shot by a member of one of the pursu
ing posse. He was unable to obtain
medical aid until after blood-poisoning
had set in and the leg was amputated
close to the trunk. The other two Have
served terms in the penitentiary.
When the prisoners went back to the
dock Hamilton managed to slip a note
to a friend, which was promptly
grabbed by one of the bailiffs. It was
as follows:
"Say my name is Harry Hamilton. If
I can plead guilty to a small charge I
can get a light sentence. Get me an
attorney. Let Monk or Bob Wall know
if only a few dollars."
Their further hearing was continued
until this morning.
Leaves Large Estate.
The estate of the late Cornelia Wil
loughby was appraised yesterday at
ADVERTISKMEXTS.
FOR SALE AND GUARANTEED BY
REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
The Only Double-Track Railway Between I
the Missouri River and Chicago. .
The
Overland
Limited
■ The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout. -
/Buffet-smoking cars, with. barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via.
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-Western Fys.
1 Leaves Ban Francisco dally at 10 a, m.
Two other trains dally at 9 a. m. and
6 p. m.
Poi tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE.
Ceoeml Agent Chicago & North- Western Railway.
617 Mirkei Street.
SAff FRANCISCO, CAL
'CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:30 a. m., through la 3 days,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa To Trains 1
7:30 a. m.1 fot Stockton. Fresno. Bakeraneld.
8 : 00p"mJ Merced - H*nfc>rd and VUalla.
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. r. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose.
BROSS VALLEY, '
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO/ Etc.
▼la Sansallto Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. 8:00.
i:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. *:ti.
*:*6 615. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. ra.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 6:23. 6:35. 7:40. 8:3S, 8:S5. 11:0ft a.
:. 12:20. 1:45. 2i55. 3:45. 4:45. 3:45, 6:45.
8:45, 10:20 ». m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
1 CISCO— Dally, B:*5. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
I 11:20 a. tn.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. «:03.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a, m. dally — Caxadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. ra. Saturdays — Caxadero and "w.- -
I stations.
: Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market St.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st-
'- Mt. Tamalpais Railway
' Leave TU SinsaUts tmj Arrive '
SaaFrandaco fm it Harks* fc. SanFrandsco
Week Sun- iggt Son- I Week
Days, dayi <**Y* Day*.
•)I«1»»:OOa CsSpJi^k l2:Oapf0T*cl
•t:45r »:OOa WS&StB&jeB I:»r3:ti>r
5:15p 10:00a l^Mn£SSv >:IOr 5:5Or
-— . 11:OOa 4:80p »:••»
*8— sst wlft stsp ir ' Mpsmssi ITOrtOuj
nCUT j 626 MA*KifTSr.,f North Shore Railroad}
tfflCB I and Samauto FaaaT. Foot Market Sc
$88,025. It consists principally of
$43,197 cash, stocks and bonds worth
$25,000 and several pieces of realty
in this, city, Alameda and Sonoma
counties.
EAILWAY TBAVEI*.
:' .
Trains leave and arc
due t* arrive- at
SAX ITBAKCISCO.
(Ma! a Ltae. Ferry Depot.
Foot of Mar lie t Streevi
l«»t« — F«om Ka»»c»aT 17. 190i. — AK»rr»
7.00a Vaeavllle. Wrtter*. Kamsey- 760p
7J)0a BeBtc!a,8aUra.Elmlr»"<lS» cr * > _._
memo • I-3MT
7J0a Vallejo. Sapa. CalUtog-a. Saata
Rota. Marttnes. S«a Ramon B-ZDr
7-30a Nllea, LlTermore. Tracy, Latnrop.
Stockton 720p
•XOa ShMta Kxpre»«— (Via Darta^
Wllliamt (for Bartlett 9prlnit»).
Willows, tfrato, Ued Blofl.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle..-.. 7-fiO'
800a D»Tl».Woo<l:tnd, Knijiw Landu.%
JlarysTflle, Ororlile 7-50p
840 a Port Costa. Uartlnex. Aatloch.
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton, S«w-
maa. Ix» Baaos. U • a <J o t a.
Armon*. Baaford, Vlsalla, -
P»rt«rTlIl« 42.1*
8.20a r«rt Costa. Martioes. Traey, L»ta-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Frttao.
»*,. Oosbea Jaaetlon. Uaaford,
VUalla. Bakersfleld 4*0r
t JO* Klles. San Jose, LlTermore. Stock- - \
ton.(tM21ton). loae. Sacramento,
Piaeervllle. MarysTllle. tsleo.
Bed Blnff 4.20*
• 30* Oakdala. Chinese. Jtmetiowa. 80-
■ora. Taolamne and Aocels 4 20r
8 00a AtlaatleExpras*— OcdeakadEMt. 11.20*
840* BIcbmond, Marttaes and Way
Buttons .' •50f
104)0a Tbe OYerlsad Limited — Ogaen. .
DenTer. Omshs, Calcsea 8^0f
IDXOa Vsllejo 12.20'
1000* Los Anieles Pasarnger — Port
Costa, Marttnes. Byroa, Tracy,
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gothen Junc-
tion. Uanford. Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakenflrld. Lo« Ao*ele» l-TOr
12.00» Haywsrd. Nlles and Wsy Stations. 320r
ti JHQt Sacrsmen to RlTer Steamers tl VOOf
l&Ot Bentcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodl*nd, Kalsbts Landing.
MarystUle, OroTllle and way
stations '952*
3J0» Hayward. Wiles and Way Stations.. 7.50r
3.30p Port Costa. Martinez. Byroa,
Tracy. Latnrop. Mode no.
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-20?
3.30P Msrtlnez.Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020a
4 OOr Msrtlnes.6anR.tmon.ValleJo.Kspa,
Callstasra. Santa Rosa 920*
4. OOr HUes. Traey. Stockton. Lod! 4-20p
4.307 Bayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. Sanj tS.SOA
Jose. LlTermore ) til. 60a
EOOp Tbe Owl Limited— Newm»n. Loa
' Baaos. Mendota. Fresno. Tolare,
Dakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited 81e«per,
Oakland to Los An^le*. for Chl-
cago. T'a C. B. I. * P B-SOa
B.COr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton 12-20P
t5 30p Hsywsrd, NMles snd San Jose 720*
I.OOp llayward.NlIes and San Jose 950*
8-OOr Saitern Express— Oftdnn. Dearer.
Omaha. St. Loots. Cblcago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
■na. Elmlra, Darls. Sacramento,
Rock 1 In. Auburn, Col fax.
Truckee, Boca. lieno, 'Wads-
worth, Wlnnemueca 5 20*
B.OOf Vallelo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 sn _
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f ' our
JX}Or Klcbmond, e aa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnss and Way Stations 11.20a
8X5p Orecon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Bast. 8.50*
B.IOi" Hay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11-60*
COAST LINE ; Marrow Uas^e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15a Newark, Centerrllle. Ban Jose.
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Crus snd Way Stations 5 55c
t2.16r Wewark. Centerrllle, San Joso,
New Almaden. Los 6atot.Fe!ton.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations t10-'i5*
4.15* Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and \ *8 bS 1
way station* )*1065a
«9 30p Hunters Train, Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Lou Catos Sonrtay only. *7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR
From PAN If KAN CISCO, Foot of M» etSMSllpn
-ti-.U S:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 6.16 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:OU fc»:i»
r»:05 10:00a.m. 12.00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaa K e).
, tyciplrd and 'l'l^rniiend Streets.)
6-10* San Jose and Way Stations 6 J>
7 00* San Jose and Wny Buttons 6.38p
800a New Almaden (Tues., Frld., only), 4-IQp
8 -00a The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose.
Gilroy (connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroYllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and PaelQe GroTe). Salinas. Saa
ArJo. Paso Rubles. Ssnta Mar-
garita. San Luis Oblspo, principal
stations thence Surf (coanectloa
for Lompoc), principal stations
thence Santa Bar bara.San Buena-
ventura, Saugus. Los Anfteies... 19-43*
8. CO* Bat Jose, Tres Plnos. Capttoia, «
tiantaCruz.Paetflc OroTe.Saltnaa,
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Wsy Stations 4.10p
10-30* Ban Jos* and Way Stations 1.20c
! 11 -30a Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gates _ _
and Way SUtloss 7.30p
1-30r San Jose and Way Stations 8 38*
3 OOP Del Monte Kxpre«s— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific GroTS (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crus. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
st Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTllIe for Salinas. 121 5?
3-30P TTfs Plnos Way Pasnenper 10 45*
4.30P Ban Jose snd Way Stations. *8 00*
.tSOQP Bsn Jose. (Tta Saata Clara) Los
Oatos, and Principal Wsy Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9C0*
{6-IOp EanJoseandPrinctpalWayStatlons 1343*
fi.COr Snnset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose. Gllroy.Saltn as, Paso liobles.
' San Luis Obtspo, Santa Barbara.
Loa An*eles. bemtnf. Kl Paso,
New Orleans. New Vork. Con-
nects st Psjaro for Santa Cruz
and at Ca«trortll<i for Pacific
GroTe and Way Stations 7.10a
18 IBp Ean Mateo, Beresford, Belmont. Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. PaloAlto +8-»8*.
8 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 6 38*
800p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.301- South Saa Francisco, M 'librae. Bnr-
llnsame, San Mateo. Belmont,
Ean Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and PaloAlto 9 45<*
a11-30? Maylleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clsra and
San Jose t945r
A for Morntnir. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
4 Stops at all stations 00 Sunday.
far" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
sres :10 a.m., 7:00*. »., 11:^0 a.m.,3:«ip.m.,«:S0p.m. tnj
1:00 P.*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tfboron rerry. root ol Market Street.
SAZT 7XAKCXSCO TO SAH SA7AXIi.
WEEK DAV.S — 7:UO, 9:UU. 11 :ix> a. SB. I IXUU^
8:30. 3:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30.
3:30. 0:00. «:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT SAFASL TO SAU PRAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:0ft. 7:33. 7:SO. 'JlJU. 11:13
a m. : 12:50. 3:4O. S:00. 3:20 p. tn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:CS and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — Mid. 9:40. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40.
8:40. 4:53. 3:03. tt:23 p. m.
Leave I In Ellect I Arrive
Ean Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1903. |3an Francisco.
"wiek |~Sua- I Deetlna. I Sun- I Week"
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a S:00a 8:10al 8:40*
8:30 a Isnado. 10:40 a"lO:2O a
3:30 p 3:-t0p 0:00 pi *>:^0 l>
6:10 p 3:0Op 7:33 p|
7:3Oaj '. 9:10 al 8:40 a
(8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20*
3:30 p] 8:30 a Pstaluma 6:03 p! 8:20 9
6:10 p 3:3Op and 7:U3p| \ ,. ,
, ■ I 3:00 p Santa Ro«a. |
7:30 a - lbi40alO:Wa
8:00a Fulton. 7:33p 6:20 p
3:3»p 3:30 p _J
Windsor. \
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40 a! 10 20 a
.', • i.ytton. I
3:30 p 3:30 p Oeyservllle. T:33 pj «:20 »
Cloverdale.
7:30 a|"il00 al Hopland |10:4O a|lO:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi and Ukiah. | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8 00 a| WI1HU. I 7:35 pi 6:2O 9
7:30 al 8:00 al |10:4O a)10 2O a
3:30 p! 8:30 pi QuerneTille. I 7:33 p: 6:20 p
7:30 at SCO al Sonoma I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
3:10 p| 0:00 pi . Glsn Ellen. [ 6:03 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 pi 3:30 pi Sebastcpol. I 7:33 pi 6:20 9
STAGES connect at Oreen Brae for San
Qutntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark Wen
Springs; at l>ytton for Lortton Springs: at Gey-
servlilB for Skagxs Springs : at Cloverdale for
th* Oeysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KeUeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakea. Uur-l
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porau.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierly'a.
Bucknella. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr't
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort iira*r
Westport. L'sal ; at Will Its for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Bherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cumralngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol.
sen's. Dyer. Garbervi:ie. Ptpperwood. Scot!*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday roand-trlp tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. ChrontcU
°H. C^'wHiTTNO. '-R. X. RTAJC.
1 Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AA
1112
JOS*; D. SFHSCKELS, Proprietor.
TiffiES tCaEEElKtlClTjnffiSj^ADuHTjKaOT
Kv. J. MARTIN" Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr THE CALL The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. JF.
Editorial p.ooni 217 to 221 Sievenscn it.
Delivered bv Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Sir.g> Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Pcctare (Cash With
HAIL.T CALL Onclutf. Sunday). 1 year. . .fS.OO
DAILY call Uadad. Bandar), o inos — 4.oc>
DAILY CALI^-Iiy S.nglf Month Tj-
Bl-NDAY CALL 1 Yoar 2.^0
WEXXLX CALL. 1 Year l-«°
T -^ T ,_._-. , Da:!v...?S.8O Per Y*ar Extra
vocxa^ - Boodar. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I OS! AGE. LweeU'.y. 1 .0u Per Yrar Extra
ALL PCSTMASTEHS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Etmple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail sutscribcrs in ordering change of ad-
£rcf,« fhou'.d be rart:cu!ar to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDREES ln order to Insure a
prompt ana correct compliance wiih their re-
«uert.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
:i:S Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2:tS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wjuldcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
Ucion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifthave-
aue Kctcl and Hofiman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
NGnhern Hottl: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marqjette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
tCBW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francifci
Call, cormr Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
Ifrf>S Marktt ttrect, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
r.27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
. ti! :«:30 p. m.
."•(fi Have* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CTJi McAllister street: open until »:30 p. m.
• 'IS LarUin, street; open until U:?.(\ p. m.
1'Mi Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£361 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 'J ].. m.
Z'l: Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m.
I CSC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. rn.
Northwest corn«r of Twenty-Fecond and Ken-
tadry Ftreets; open until 9 p. m.
?"'• (• F.ilmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEKTINti NOTICES.
A KLXJULAR meeting of Yerha Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. if
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, v.il! be f\
held in Commandery Hal!. Masonic -£O\»
Temple on THURSDAY EVENING. V^=T
Feb. 1R. 1904. at H o'clock. Degree 14.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— m '
Stated meeting THIS "THURSDAY) yy
KVKNING 7:.;0 o'clock. Royal Arch /Vv
degree. By order of the H. P.
_ JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Grand Secretary. Grand m
1,-M'Jge. F. and A. M.. of California — «Jy
The <Jrand Lodge of Free and Accept-
ed Masons cf the Ftate of California
will hold a special communication in King
B ;nn:<-in's Hall, at the Masonic Temple ln
this city en
THURSDAY, the 18th ir.st.. at 2:.*?0 p. m..
fcr the purpose of conducting the funeral of
V\ir late esteemed anrl beloved brother the
n. W.. ALVINZA HAYWARD,
Part Junior Grand Warden of this jurisdic-
tion. The grand officers. j.ast grand offi-
<-*-it, and members thereof and the officers
and members of the several lodges in this
jurisdiction are hereby notified and requested
to be in attendance. By direction of the
Grand Master.
GEO. JOHNSON. Grand Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No 1. F. and A. »
II. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING at 7:50 o'clock. Third de-
gre*. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge N o . Tsr* F. ana~A~ o
M -Special meeting THIS «THURS-'VV ! .
DAY) EVENING at 7:.".O o'clock. Sec- /V\
ond degree. Fellowcraft Masons cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EOtTTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. «
512, F. and A. M.. m<*ts TH1SYY
♦ THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:3O/V\
o'clock. Second degree. By order of
the Master. K. C. HARE. Secretary-
DORIC L<vlge No. 21« F. and A M. — m
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) "*/y
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- /V\
*otre cordially Invited. By order of
the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
FTARR King Lodse No. 344. F. and A. £
M :!17 Oevisadero Ft. — Second degree V*if
THIS EVENING at 7:^<< v o* clock. /VS
Siat<tcr Masons cordially invited. By
order of the W. M
A. A. ANDEUSON. jSecretary.
PACIFIC l/Odge~NoTTrC>. I. O. O. Sw*s«. ■
r Regular meeting THIS EVEN- ■rfsj^agfe
IN<»; nferring '.::■: ■!•£•!•••-- a:id r .?3&>,>£p
considering a resolution to con- '^WsSS^
tribute to the fund for entertainment of the
Sovereign «Jrard Lodge. All members re-
<i\i<fV<l to be present.
A. W. MINAKER, N. G.
E. V. CULVER, Recording Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. €1. KnighTs of -£*
Pythias, will confer the. Knight V£&>//
rtrk (long form) on THURSDAY Wtf
KVENINU. F'V-ruary IS, at Py- £FZ2_
ih'an Castle. S»'W Market st. All T "
brother Knights are cordially Invited. By
order. E. K1MBALL. C. C. *
e. W. GATES. K. of R. and B.
A-NNTAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — TI.e regular annual meeting \ of the
stockholder* of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be held at the office
of the company. TJ27 Market st. (room 4.
h*-«xmd floor*, in th<! city and county of Kan
Krancirr-o. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2<1 «ay of March. 1904, at
tb«- hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
jx^e of electing a Beard of Directors to
» v< rve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of fuch other business as may
proj«erly cme before the meeting. Trans-
fer hooks will close on SATURDAY. Febru-
ary 20, 1SW>4. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
H W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. 327 Market Bt.. San Fran-
• r'.-. .0. California. San Francisco. Cal.. Fcb
If, 1HO4.
ANN I' AL "MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TiOS COMPANY — Th- regular annual
t: ectinj? of the ftnrlrholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
hc'.i 8t the office of the company, S27 Mar-
yrt street (room 4, f»ccn<l floor), in the city
fcjid county of San Kranciaco. State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 21th day of
F'fcruary. A. D. llrtyl. at the hour of 11
o'clock «- m.. for the purpose o f electing a
t-->sr<3 of directors to t.erve for the ensuing
; '»r and for the transaction of euch other
bui ir.esi ee may properly come before the
reeling. Transfer bocks will close on Satur-
day. February 13. 1'jOI. at 3 o'clock p. m
H. W. THOMAS.
f"-r«ttry Honolulu Plantation Company. 327
Vsrkr-t ".treet. J5an Fr»nciFco, California.
hail Xrancisco. Ca.1.. Feb. 10. 1&04.
XttTlt'E of ar.nual stockholders' meeting The
reguUr annual meeting of stockholders
*;f Aj-Focia«t-d Oil Company (a corporation)
«lil be held at the office of the wimpcny
*!evfnth floor, Hayf.ard building. Sao Fran-
cifc». Cal'.Jcmia. fcn MONDAY. 2«rh day
cf February. 11M4. at the hour of 10 a m
fcrthaparpaottaf cteetiwa Beard of Direct*
<iv tn i»rve fcr the «nsuin>r yesr and the
irmBrttettnu of such cthT l>ustn*ss a« may
i-x-w Iwfore the rr.r-etinjr. This noitce i*
printed In th* San FranciECo Call by order
and direction of Bcsid of Directors of Ab-
Bnefated Oil Company.
O. FCRinN'ER. Secretary
O.'f.ce— Eleventh floor, Hayward building
_San Trar.risco.jCal.^Dated Fob! 16. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — Kllauea £ug=r Plantation
Ccrr.r.»Tty — The ifsrular annual meeting of the
♦♦cckholfiere of the Kilsuea. Sugar Plan-
tatl -n CoTrpar.y wl!I be helii »t the
«-ff;re of the cempeny. S27 Msrket st.
Ircctn A, FPconrt floor). In the clt and county
< f San Francifoo. KUite of Califor '•*. on
"UKL'PAY. Ihe 23d <lay of February, A. D
Jfoi. at the hour of 11 c'clotk a. m.. for the
pvrfxm ol 'lectlnc " board cf directors to
ktv* for tiie erruinj; year and for the trans-
• ct*on of rurh c-lher liUFiness as may prop-
erly enmr. before the meeting. Transfer books
will close c:; Kiifiay. February 12. 1904. at 3
*■' clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS.
£«retary Kllauta Sugar Plantation Com-
roriy. 327 Marie*: st.. Fan Francisco. CaL
San Francibco. Cal.. Fcb. 0. 1901.
AGENTS WANTED.
; AGENTS wanted in every city or town to
1 handle the '-New <190J) Combination Diary";
everybody needs it; everybody wants it; be
T'r*t cad supply their wants: sample and
terms to agents. 10c. Address 'COLUMBIA."
10<;5 K ft.. i=acrameuui, Cal.
AGENT? — An BCESCjr for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth bavins. Groat Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENCIES for every city of the union for
the Mnr»;uis U.-iir Tonic Co.; liberal terirs
414 1'o.s? st.. San Francisco. Cal.
V.'ANTHD — Agents; ealary or commission.
llS'i IZl'ls st., second floor, room 6.
AGENTS warteJ — Lailies and gentlemen. 027
Market ft., room 720.
I ADTESTISEIIIEHT WRITING.
il.WIXG recently acquired :h:ough exchange
cf rroperty three $411 Kcholarchips in the best
renege of Advertising la the United States.
I will sell them at ::.'■ per < Tit discount for
csfh: the collfge teactfara advertisement wrSt-
:rg by corrctijondenoe and assists its grad-
nl»-h>q or. »pp;|p«*lon. Addi-rr* bos 3026. Cail.
A TTOUXE V? -AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER! " " '
ATTORNKY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
f'jite S3, Emma tfpreclctls building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
right caubc-R: da:najjcs tecured for injuries to
jyrrton cr «ftat*; i.pievl::s for property un-
iav.rully d'tr-.'.ncj ; attachments end garnish-
ments Icr tcbts; bcnJs furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: \vil!s probated: estates settled;
collections n.ad" in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quici: divorce fos a email fee.
fke rr.e an<i nvc nv>n?y; no pay ln advance.
G. \V. HOWi:. ATTORNKT-AT-LAW.
ErtabMrhed t'L" yrs.: ran. 1. 2. 3, 4 A 5, 1st fl.
1121! Market ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-nt-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 011; established 20
years: all raws, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red o0<il.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Rcom (3. DIG Market st.-. tel. John C226.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; oulck, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 i:.-.rkct st.. r. '301.
L. S. CLARK. .V27 Market St.; consultation
free: no fi»es In advance: open evenings
— BISINEy S CHANCES.
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business coenlr-g in San Francisco? If so.
we can offer vou any number requiring an
investment from $100 to SI.0.OO0; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest investigation,
and we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or, in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do y£u wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we* can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000: we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking go^d business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., i>27 Market St.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar who invested any
money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
927 Market St.; rooms 321. 322, 323. 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $500 In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; erperienoe not necessary; invest-
ment secured and ?2f> weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVENT; CO.. 027 Market st.
HOTEL FOR S=ALE.
New and modern; SO rocms; richly furnished.
oomp!ete and ready fi>r occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 1« tables and Imported Vienna
chairs: the bt*t carr>etg money can buy
throughout; finest of linen and best of silver
service; 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy
terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027. Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures Interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company: >150 monthly as-
sured : hirhett references.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 327 Market St.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $1<X» and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estb. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1)1!7 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of «old stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25: will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
_GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
|300 cash and set vices secure Interest in es-
tablished office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary : simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— BARBER SHOP ~
For rale; 4-chair thop: centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS. i "
Wanted, man with J4O00 cash to take Interest
In stable established 10 years- ; $100 monthly.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Mr.rket St.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
Being also importers and distillers and estab-
lished in San Francisco thirty years, desire
an additional partner, with $5«JO0.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO,. 027 Market st.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with $21XH> cash in the manu-
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest improved mantlea.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— CANDY. CANDY. CANDY.
For sale; store and factory; wholesale
and retail; situatrd in the heart of city and
established about 2j years; low rent; long
lease: price $COOO.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— HARDWARE STORE !
For sale; a hich-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located; owner desires
to retire; will invoice about $3000. ]
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A business man with from 52000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business ln
this city and take charge of store. '*
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., £27 Market St.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale
and manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAG-
ON MATERIAL; estb. 15 years; also work
and repair shop: sell at Invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— COMMISSION BUSINESS "~
For sale; butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $500w monthly; long
established; price J2000.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses . .$350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2(X;0
Groceries and bara $500 to $5000
Saloons $.To«> to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $.100 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR tale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal,; assays ftO to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house' or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy at. •
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants ln city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch— Fine
hardware and electrical supply store; rent
$40; well located; clearing $.*U;0 per month; 4
living rooms; flrst-olai=s proposition; will
Ktani strict Investigation; price $S0O0. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" -won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races-
for proofs a:id references ask any sub*c-lber
on our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion fre« to regular subscriber* at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
2T. per cent of the net weekly profits; terms
for our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper
rr-orr.s 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton et., S. F. • '
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market
long lease, low rent. $2500. part cash; corner
*aloon. en water front. $1100. paying brewery
business. $2.".OO. or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITFL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny at. *"
$.%0O— 1 \\ RTNER wanted; manufacturing busl-
nefw; duties, easily acquired;, .good profits.
Kox "w>L Call.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house. 603% Poat
St.: trouble between Dartnera: mum b« sold.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. FEBRUARY IS,' 1904.
_JBLJrtNESS CHAXCE8--Con«lnnej._
A — $750; SALOON; « 6 tab. many years; a years'
leasa. rtnt $50; located close to Kearny and
California sts.; elessnt fixtures: a good busl-
ntw" and a barv^in, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE. 2U^i Kearny st. _
A— $4000; CORNEM saloon, with lease; large
cellar; carU and private rooms; kept by
owners for year?" lullfst investigation so-
i:citoj. See R. G. WILKE. 2U& Kearny st.
A — $r.000; f>RlLL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $7o and a Orat-claaa paying business;
other investments only cause of sale, oee
R. G. WILKE. 20>/a Kearny st^ '
A— ?12iX>; PARTNER wanted in cofteo saloon
and restaurant, few doors from Market St.,
a well-paying business clearing about J-00
per month, only rt-uson for owner to take a
partner art- the lor.K hours for him; he neeas
a good assistant. Call K. G. WILKfc.. -O"«
Kearny tt. "
A— $1L'U»; BAKERY establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 rears; bakes 4% barrels
per day; daily *a!es ?45; living rooms. Call
II. G. WILKE, 2014 Kearny st. *
A— $3500 — THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent ?15C; surrounded by a theaters: private
boxes, for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st. ■
A— 51IT.0— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer, bee n.
G. WILKE, 2O',^r Kearny st.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location irv the Mission. Se.e k. u.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st. •
A— $2200- SALOON, with lease, estab. years:
vicinity Fourth st.. Market and Stockton:
plae* speaks for Itself; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. .
A $5500 — CORNER saloon ln wholesale dis-
trict: 7 .years' lease; establ. 30 years: clear*
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKIE. V^Vi
Kearny et. _
A— 532.-0; SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte: patronized by bankers and mer-
chants: owner on *=ick bed, otherwise $7000
would not buy the business: lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKIE. 2(5^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 10 _fur-
nis-hed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $C5; a.
business where man and wife easily can
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with 30 rooms. 45 beds: bar,
dining and reading rooms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 miles from this city; place clears
$300 per month, bee R. G. WILKIE, 2t»',£
Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1840.
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $775; CIGAR stand; Market St.. near Call
bldg.; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade; 2Vi years' lease; cheap rent.
Only with BROOKBANK. 017 Market st.
A— $200; PARTNER in well-established office
business clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity eeldom offered. Brookbanjv.
A — $500: DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— $700; SALOON; old established; finely flt-
ted; Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
den't fail to see this. BROOKBANK.
A— jr!2. r .; C-ROOM corner flat on Larkin Ft.;
_jroo<l location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
$500 BUYS a good paying market business in
country; fixtures and stock amount to the
price asked; must be seen to realize its
value; did a ten thousand business last
year. Box 2655, Call.
$3.V) — STEADY, honest man wanted as partner
In ciuar store, near Market Bt. ; sure profits
of $2r> per week to each: experience not re-
quired; value in stock. Apply 1027iij Market
ft., room 2.
THOROUGH Fa?h ; door and stair builder of
ability desires a partner of some experience
to start in business; applicant must be able
to furnish $150 capital. Address box 1038,
Call office. Oakland.
WILL eell at a bargain — Cigar store on a
principal business street, close to Market St.;
good permanent trade, laundry branch, good
•.•lot machine trade, fine fixtures, low rent.
Box 124. Call office.
A— $750; SALOON: receipts $S00 mo.; bargain;
fixtures worth $C0O. Kredo y& Co.. 7G5 Mkt.
A— SSOO: SALOON: wholesale district: receipts
$15 dally; bargain. Kredo & Co., 7C5 Mkt.
I WILL pay cash for a delicatessen store: one
preferred in a good business locality. Ad-
dress, with location and price, to box 2004,
Call office.
WANTED — To buy a barber shop, established,
or will rent place In good location for one;
give full particulars to box 150. Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying business; Colorado
saloon. fi47 Sacratnento St., near Kearny; open
all night: first-class stand. •
TEA store for sale. 547 Valencia et.
BARBERS— Read, act quick; 2 chairs; only
$Ci. SKIRM. bargain man, C Eddy, room 72.
WANTED — A partner In a good river-boat en-
terprise. Box 2055. Call office.
FOR sale — $75O; grocery and bar; sickness
cause. ;:CS Eleventh st.
$250 — FIN?: stock of hair good?, counter and
show cases; great bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM, 22x10. ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderick St.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
r,f advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .-.
FOR SAMS.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Moojern business methods In fine front offices.
Phdne Black .'{607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
SPOTLESSLY pure through and through; 11
rooms; well furnished; full of roomers;
clearing over $50 per month; worth $900-
price $550. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406,
Examiner bids. •
1. ATTENTION! Scan these ? lines.
2. The owner of a 44-room transient house
3. That is central and heavily mortgaged
4. Has been quite suddenly called away
B. To the deathbed of a near relative
6. In a far distant State, .
7. And he orders the houso sold at once.
8. A thorough investigation is solicited.
9. MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
THINK twice: first, that we can sell you a
21-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay $£00 down, for we will lend
you the balance payable In monthly Install-
ments. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Ex-
aminer bldg. ■
SPLENDID 62-room corner bay-window house;
clears $^41 a month; long lease; low rent;
If looking for £ respectable money maker and
good investment see MARION GRIFFIN.
SMALL payment ($500) will take a 15-room
house; NK. corner; 5 blocks north of Market,
price $.1000: better -see It before buying else-
where.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
READ this item; corner apartment house of
150 rooms, elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing $514 monthly; Inexpensively
operated compared with- other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent; clears 40 per cent
per annum on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
LARGE dividends and safe aa United States
bonds; brand-new 48-room apartment house
clearing $2070 yearly; make an offer to
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
PERFECTLY appointed BO-room house, very
centrally located; elegantly furnished last
April in the best furniture and carpets ob-
tainable; electricity for elevator and lights;
hot water in each room; lease for I) years:
Income $4!)fi over rent; all large single rooms
and roomere a!l business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400, Examiner bldg.
ECONOMICAL folks please pay heed; If you
have $150 cash you can learn how to save
your rent for 2 nice rooms and a well-equip-
ped kitchen and 1 make $22 per month for
Rrocerie« by inquiring of
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
NEW house 4 blocks north of Market: 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner bldg.
A GEARY-STREET SNAP. ~~~ ~~
1(> rooms; beautifully furnished, clean and
fine; absolutely worth .1 times the amount
we are asking you. hut on account of Im-
mediate departure will give It to you for
JDOO.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 40fl. Examiner bldg.
$950 — NICELY furnished transient house; 10
rooroe; clcara $C5.» Call at 110 Eddy 6t. ; no
agerts.
$350— SACRIFICE for each; house 7 rooms;
noa/iv furnished, 120 Turk st.. near Jonea.
LODGING KOFSiaS FOB SALE — Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms ;~~ new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to-Jeave
city.
30 rocms; rent J95; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; alway3 full; snap; $550.
5 rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little hom«; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
21 rcoms; rent only $1"6; first-class condi-
tion: oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fiie carpets; clears $95; price
S1!h>0; halt cash, balance 1% l<er cent.
2!t rooms; rent $85; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thins; $1500. •
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house ln San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
,,'!; rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
i,i"« own * bat ance 1& per cent; fine buy; only
vl-'tC\
S6-room family hotel; bonton location; fine
lease; clearing $500 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick.abed.
8-rcom upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
25 rooms; fine corner: rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $80
month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished new In June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rocms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; "oak anl cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture: good carpets; clears; $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-Jate; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 td $300 per month: owner sick abed.
14 rooms; rent $65; California st.. fins loca-
tion; good furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
fi3 rocms; Market St.; rent only $300: fine
transient house; very central; liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month: must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get ln, balance time; big snap.
•14 rooms: rent only $123; good furniture and
1 carpets; G-year lease; running water; new
building; clears $1CO; $10C0 down; $2300.
!)-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furntture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; eom» housekeeping: clears
$.10; barn, with fine yard; half cash; balance
time. .
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; eicJinese; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
sweil fnmlly hotel; beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing SGOO per month; every room full: will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpasssd.
in rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment houte; reduced to $1100.
CO rooms: # rent only S300; downtown tran-
sient house: clears $200 to $250 per n-.onth;
will only take $700 to. get in; mutt leave city;
price J'-COO. ,
100 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
126 rooms; rent only ?4 per room; new and
up-to-dale lioune; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; t r.e <:I the best buys In the cit;.%
C. E. HINCKLEY. PHONE MINT 706
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
14 room?: rent $30; amazingly low prtce:$35<>
34 rooms; rent SCO; just think $1550
2.''. rnome: rent S35; one floor -..$1100
C. rooms; rent $?(>: a pick-up ?l.'5O
2O room?; clears SSO; rent $40 5S5O
40 rooms: mechanics' house; rent $60. ..$1(Hjw
IB rooms; rent $50; clears $<;.'{; terms. . .$»50
III rooms; sunny corner; rent $35 $1000
CO rooms Market st.; liquor license $3500
12 rooms; California st. : rent $50; a .snnp.*75i>
10 rooma; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28.$50<>
lOrooir.i?: Bush st.; rent $37 50: only... $450
JS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45. $425
3ft rooms; transient; lease $1500
S rooms; Post St. ; rent $32: only ... .$2r>0
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished. $450
A— JOSEPH SKIRM A
0 Eddy st., room 72. Phone Green 031.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL 1 . SPECIAL-
GRAND SUNNY CORNER: 50 rooms; 2
floors: 5 years' lease; best location "north of
Market: quarter sawerl oak: brand-new car-
, pets STRICTLY an APARTMENT HOUSE;
clears $210 over all expenses: COST over
$4725 75 to furnish; to we is to appreciate;
only a SMALL AMOUNT of CASH Is neces-
twry; must so this week; asking $3500.
A— $3250; LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
clearing $250 per month; lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts. ; all sunny rooms;
furniture first-class; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20'^ Kearny st.
A-T-?0r>0: LODGING-HOUSE 'of 20 rooms; rent
$1CO; located cIoeo to Market and Stockton:
good furniture and first-class paying. R. G.
WILKE. 2(.K Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
■with the one you love; readings by mail most
fatisfactory. $2: readings daily. $1: develop-
Ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
DAWSON Bros.— Special readings. 50c: abso-
lutely free unless correct; full names given;
. our readings are best; hours 9-8. 601 Eddy.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine, spirit messages to-
night; 10c: readings dally. 610 McAllister.
C V MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock; $1. 1081 Bush Et.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy Et. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAHIVOYAKTS.
ANOTHER GREAT CUT IN PIUCTCS. .
Call at once and save $4.
■ His former 55 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 |1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance, clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco. . j
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to |
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; 1 promise
to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart is
true or false: tell whom and when you will
marry: in fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself;
the controlling power Implanted in your nature
so you can change the thoughts. Intentions,
actions or habits of any »one secretly; long;
standing disease and the most obstinate cases
of lost vitality cured without medicine: there
is no life so hard and blighted, no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely that cannot be set right and "kept right
after a visit to this -remarkable man; he ln-
eurea you success or charges nothing for his
services. • .
Houis, 10 i. in. to 8 p. m. Sunday, 2 to 6.
326— O'Farrell ft.— 320..
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third »t.. next Examiner
bldg; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurato description of: the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice ln
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; read incs by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
CkAm\ r OYAXTS-— Contlnped.
KHEM, THE MYSTIC,
Is sojourning at 330 Polk st., city (suites 3
and 4), where he gives marvelous life read-
Ings by ancient Egyptian occult knowledge,
transmitted to chosen initiates three succes-
sive ages from earliest antiquity: this knowl-
edge covers, in ths readings, every condition
of human affairs, and gives for one dollar
unexcelled enlightenment regarding present
and future.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Tuik; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to f> p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1.
full life. $5: -send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
WellE-Fargo mor.ey order or registered letter
MME. RAVENNA reads life 1 ; business advice;
names given; 25c up; office hours 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.. 5 Fourth St.; 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at
residence, £.'55 Howard St.; Sundays at resi-
dence.
MME. HALL, Trance Medium.
Those desirous of a first-class reading may
call; po charge unless satisfied; tips on races;
cures drink habit; hours 10 to 8. Parlors, 4U3
Ellis st.
THE only original Roman Gypsies ln the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10.000
people ln San Francisco since our arrival;
they were satisfied, so will you be. 285 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
I-, f.Oc; G.. 81. 714 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. Q. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reader;
without asklnc a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MRS. LESTER, 325 Turk at.; life reader and
business medium; readings dally. •
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 00c; hours 1 to 9. 120 6th St., room 15.
MRS. BAL'MANX, the well-known fojrtune-
X teller. Is now at 317 Ellis St.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
movrd from l-'!2 tith to 2.{'/a 0th;ja.25c; g. 50c
MRS. SIIAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally* 44S14 Jessie st.. bet. Cth and 6th.
CAItPKT BRATIKG AND CLEANING.
AIR now universally- used ln cleaning carpets
. on floor, without removal ; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air' Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. :i.i5-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beaJJng Works.
3.Tt Golden Gate hyp. : telephone East 20.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. S5S6.
_ « CTJBES RTJPTTJF.E.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. MURPHY, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
. pain. For (demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
. from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. C I Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist. r.14, 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
nUKSSMAKEUS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
;NIGHT AN^T^A^SCIIOol^foT^n^n^and
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods h. specialty; personal attention given;
thirty instructors; private coaching; n!«rht
law pchool; instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; Indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association if desired;
international certificates given to students,
completing the courses and passing the exam-
• inatlons; young men. strangers coming to the
city, directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; "the beneficial Influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges ln the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
' other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money,
but "to make men" ; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys, H. J. Mc-
COY. General Secretary, San Francisco. Ad-
dress all communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH, Educational Director.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket at. ; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$30; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, tpelling, etc.; positions, secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal: exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving: fnto our new and elegant
building we ■ want "t>00 students; come and
Join the great school of the West: 75-page
catalogue. ; 901-025 Golden Gate ave.
.THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
5or;' day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk &t..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
j HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. £}.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and hetter school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregj?
rhorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
Collere. 1236 Market st.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com.
petent stenographers. 13K! Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
School cf Singing— Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated: method, Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller, 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
com plete equipment. Special catalogue tree.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgg., Teutonia Hall, Howard st., near
9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ESPANOiL. — M»todo practlco y progreslvo.
Rarael Serrano. 530 California, cuarto nra. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 st. "■
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
. plete system taught. 139 Post St.. room 37.
FCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st— .Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market Bt., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT OVP1C J^'^^^
GETTo^rihelirat PINeTaPANEs'e EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pinei nr Jap. M. E. Church: phone PotK 3Bb6.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; teL Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese h<*!p. 426 PowelUst. Tel. Main itVi.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 16S.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPXOYMKXT v * A^T_ E 5 >^" FEM *^i t '— -
GOOD cook, family, $30; experienced nurse;
references; middle-aged; Danish woman.
. good cook; housework. S. J. BEAN. 17
Fourth st.; phone Bush 107.
AMERICAN woman, first-class worker, fine
flannel washer, wishes work Immediately;
strong, willing, reliable; laundry work and
house cjeanlng a specialty; $1 25 day and
carfare. MRS. LANSING, 174 Fourth St..
room 10. first floor. ■
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and re-
liable, desires position as stenographer and
bookkeeper; Oakland or San Francisco. Box
26C0. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman; Is a good cook and
laundress: In private American family; will
give good references; moderate wages. 7»4
Folsom st.
I —
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situa-
tion; housework and cooking. 12SVfc Ninth
et..near Mission. .
COMPETENT woman wishes engagements by
the day to do work about the house. Box
2530. Call office.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse desires weekly
engagements; best references, oil Leaven-
worth st.
A GOOD seamstress or helper for dressmaker
wants work by day ln family; $1 10. Box
2&SG. Call.
DRESSMAKER and suitmaker; good cutter
and fitter; gowns made at home; only first-
class work done; engagements per day. E.
C BARSS. the Sherman Department House,
28 Eighth et. •
IF the Congregational Church or the Church
of England is sending out any missionary to
any of the foreign lands, a lady wishes to
go with them as an attendant. Address MISS
J. JOHNSON. Main Postofflce, S. P.
FRENCH woman (chef) as cook and house-
keeper; good marketer and manager; full
charge o^ parties and receptions; New York
references. M. H.. box 2540. Call office.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office as-
sistant. Box 2674, Call office^ '
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing,
ironing or house cleaning; $1 50 per day.
Box 2676, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. washing, house
cleaning. Address MRS. McMAHON. 1050
Howard st.
A YOUNG woman would like second work or
chamber work, city or country. Tel. Church
1S08.
A PAST middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion; wages, $15 a
month. Box 270S, Call office.
A STRONG German woman wants work by the
day, washing, irontng and cleaning; experi-
enced laundress. Box 26C9, Call office.
RELIABLE woman with girl 4 years wishes
work where she can take her child;
$10 to $12; city or country. Box 2668, Call.
WANTED — By a reliable colored woman, situ-
ation to do chamber work; wages $30 par
month. Address 165S Seventh St., Oakland.
LADY wishes few more engagements by the
day as seamstress. Call at 327 Lerkin st..
near Golden Gate ave.
FINLAND girl wishes position for general
housework and cooking for American family.
255 Perry St., ln rear. ' .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like worlc by
day -or month. 21 Sherwood p"ace.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 1047.
NORTH German girl for upstairs work and
sewing; wages $25. 249 Seventh st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st. .
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE.
A SYSTEM may be devised to fit your particu-
lar business, whether manufacturing or oth-
erwise, whereby your net profit may be
shown monthly; a first-class bookkeeper, expe-
rienced in this branch of accounting, would
like to make a change; reference, present
employer; ealary $25 weekly: some experi-
ence ln writing newspaper ads and mail or-
der literature. Box 265i«, Call office.
AN experienced buyer and manager is open for
engagement: men's clothing, hats, furnishing
goods; thoroughly competent to take full
charge; first-class ln every respect; knows
how stock should be handled to make money;
in or out of the city: principals only. Ad-
dress box 2522. Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer wishes position * as
draughtsman; build steam, gasoline engines,
etc. Box 2535, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
draughtsman desires employment. Address
A. C. B., S12 Bristol st.. West Berkeley.
WANTED — Position on private place to take
care of horses, cows and lawn and garden;
wages from $30 to $35 and found. Address
box 1035. Call office, Alameda. i
A TRUSTWORTHY man, 3S, wants position
as night watchman; can furnish references.
Address I. B., 756 Folsom st.
HOUSE painter, Al stage hand (non-union),
wants work: Job or day work done. Box
2662. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, first-class
office man. desires position; good references
Address box 2657. Call.
COACHMAN wants situation; good, careful
driver; good horseman; knows city well; un-
derstands gardening; good worker; has city
and country references; sober and reap«ct-
able. E. S., room 134, New Western Hotel.
YOUNG man (25 years old), from country
wishes situation to drive team, or job ln any
kind of store; speaks English, Spanish and
French. Address 521 Valencia at.; phone
Church 973. , j
WANTED — By an elderly man. any kind of
light work around any place, city or country
Call or address H. J., Central House 871
Market et. < '
WANTED— Position as foreman of quartz
mine; 19 years In charge of mining work-
best of references given. Address 688 Twen-
ty-flfth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man would like a. position of any
kind; willing and obliging; used to firing
steam engine on dredger. Address box "6S1
Call office. .
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call office. Oakland.
AN active, sober man. handy with carpenter
tools, wants work; has small capital to In
vest. Box 2528, Call office.
SITUATION wanted" as grocery or delivery
clerk by yours man; experienced; references
Box 2529, Call office. . "
EXPERT stenographer: thorough education-
best references; wants position. Box 2C73*
Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants position-
age 26; married; 7 years' experience: good
recommendations. Address box 2667, Call.
YOUNG man wants a position as night watch
man; served ln recent war; steady and
sober habits. Address box 2003. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man; strictly
steady and reliable; Indoor work of anv
kind. Box 2685. Call office. r
WANTED— Position as teamster In Oakland-
understands care of horses; all around good
hand. Apply S34 Nineteenth st.. Oakland.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 3S. wants position
as night watchman; can furnish references
Address I. B., 756 Folsom st.
GOOD Japanese boy -wants a position as cook
?. m" ma ar 1 ' japan ~*
A TOUNO Japanese boy wants a position at
housework and help cooking. F. U 1040
McAllister st.; tel. Fell 7181?
YOUNG Japanese wants position as school-
J^ff^ E t SE H h °K eat and 8tronsr Wwlshes pZ
Phone Whfte &""""*• *" Mls8 '°° - «.;
JAPANESE wants a position to do rene^l
SSSTE 1 . ln a 8ma11 famlly - hx&'SSS
EMFLOYME3T WAST^D--MALE ;^
TOUNG^Mn^w^T^oTuion as man about
place or houaework. H. J-. box -ISC. Call.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 2t>sO, Call office.
FEATIIEtt « EXO^Xi^L_-_^
J^^^aTuifuTprocess. Cal. Steam Feather
Co. 32T. Van NVss ave.: tel. Howard 31H7.
FINANCIAL.
~~ ~~ 4*4 PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and *
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 California
st. A. A. Watkins. president; Charley R.
Bishop vice president: S. Prentiss Smith.
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary an*
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardaan and Charles t. LaUd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. JS.CCO.CCO: paid I in capi-
tal $1,000,000; reserve fund. S+'OO.OOO.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreokels bldg.
Kl^ATa TO LET.
X HOUSES and Cats to let: «n immense l!stj
service absolutely free: take advantage, or
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed ln our renting department; let us glv»
you a list and help you find one ln the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1003 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. ■
NEW flat; 8 rooms and finished attic; rent
reasonable. 2515 Sutter st. •
ELLIS, 824 — 5 sunny, eleeant modern rooms;
$»5: open 2 and 3:30 o'clock.
FLAT. 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
rent $27 SO. Key 2946 Mission st.
MODERN corner flat. 7 rooms, bath; larg«
cellar. 425 Shrader st.
$25 — 640 GROVE; fine flat. 6 rooms and bath:
sunny side; modern.
PLATS TO LET FUR.NISIIEIX
HANDSOMELY furnished flat. 7 rooms, bath;
rent $50. Call bet. 10 a. m. and 1 p. m.,
122O Waller st.
NICELY furnished: 7 rooms; modern < throush-
out. 1256 California st.; call 12 to 2.
FLATS FOU SALE— Fl'RXISHED.
CHEAP — Beautiful, newly furnished flat; six
rooms: call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
FUHXlftRE FOR SALE.
A — $100 XO. 7 combination coal and gaj
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st.
Fl'RMTIRE WASTED.
HIGIFEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. I*. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1813 Mkt.: tel.Howard 273H
HELP TYA.VTED — FEMALE.
COOK, for first-class family $50
Kitchen helr>er, same family $-5
Cook, sanitarium $•••»
3 cooks, German style $- - ?0-*;;5
Chamberwork. private family, fine place. $Z0
Chambermaid." assist laundry ...»•;•>
3 second girls *2O-$2«}
Kitchen h?lDer. etc., foi club $25
Nursegirl, 2 children $2O-5U0
Chambermaid and waiting, fine hotel ixi
country S2S
Chambermaid end waittns, resort *^T«
' Housekeepers, for men cr ranch $2O
Laundnss, " daj-s week, steady $1 5O day
40 jreneral housework girls, city and coun-
try. $20-$C5-$.';0; call early for the S o
plac»s; see lady in office chi9 forenoon.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT, C'54 Sutt«r at.
A KITCHEN maid for private family, $.~,O;
a lady's maid with experience, $3i>; a sec-
ond girl, 3 in family, $3u: a first-class laun-
dress, $o0; 25 girls for housework. $2o and
$20 MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near
Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
ln 2 weeks; $5 to these entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leadins school ia
We»t 233 Geary St., room 13. •
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 par wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton Bt., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
GIRLS about 16 to work ln factory: rood
wages: steady employment. Apply at once.
AMES & HARRIS, 10O Sacramento st.
ART goods saleswoman with experience
wanted: also exrjerienced woman to make
and sell pai>er flowers. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
APPRENTICES wanted to learn the millinery
trade. AddIv between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
LADIES wanted everywhere, copyln? letters at
home evenings or spare time and return to
us: no mailing or canvassing; $3 weekly
earned: materials free. Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.,
No. W4 Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Youngr woman as nurse for child 2
years old; must be refined and well recom-
mended; a good position for one who appre-
ciates a good home: state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 265S. Call office.
"WANTED— Experienced saleslady for fancy
goods and ribbon department. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market St.
HOUSEKEEPER: light housekeeping; small
family; child no objection. Box 2664. Call.
GIRL wanted to learn trade. Apply 210 Stock-
ton at.
WANTED — First-class saleslady on cloaks an*
suits; must be of good appearance- refer-
ences. Box 2670. Call office.
WANTED — First-class millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
APPRENTICES and makers wanted la mllll-
r.ery store at €02 McAllister st.
STRONG jrirl for general housework: $20 a
month. 120 Eleventh st.. top floor, left.
SMALL German girl wanted to assist with
housework. 1373 Halght st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan St Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market at. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ro.
-■• HELP WASTKD-MAUJ. x
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
Cook and wife as helper. Institution coun-
try. $10 found, boss here.
Second cook. $20 week; fry cook. $15 week,
cafe, north, fare paid.
Waffleman. country hotel $45 and far*
Vegetableman and make waffles, country ho-
tel $.-»
Njsht clerk, country hotel $40
Night watchman $20 found
. C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Rush st.
ST\RCHER and Ironer. $12 week; body ironer
$10 week; Janitor. $23; married dairyman!
$40; chorem.in; restaurant cook. $1S *we«k-
fry cook. $16 week, and others. J. F CRO-
SETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced * solicitors, men and
women, handle merchandise contracts: good
compensation: easy propostlon to place- in-
vestigate. Royal Mercantile Co. suite 10
Columbian bids-, or W>2 Broadway. Oakland!
TOUN-G men everywhere, cepv letters, homa
evenings; $0 SO week. Send addressed en-
velop*- for particulars, manager Deut W*
box 14U. Philadelphia. Pa. P '
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
Boled when you can get it done for 25c Z*)o
and fiOc while you wait at 5«3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
EXPERIENCED bertmaker to sweep and rent
£"p ms .;^h,rd% n!Ce ap P carln S and responst-
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a (food
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
4.. and 4»S Parrott building.
NEAT, clean bright cash bov* wanfd. Ap-
wly guperintendenfa office TK» Emporium.
WANTED-Rwedlslf or American barber:
?our.g man preferred. 830 Main at.
E tlx I th E^t. ShCO f ° r *^~«^ '°~tlofl. 137
tt^vSvL^?.!! f 1 . 0 "- unlon made7aT~$l and
■ iinr P : foot - fcrm shoes at $2 SO; we pay
«press cr mall charges. 11 3d »t.. Ksam. b'J.
PI Yea S r^ N A '*3 Y " U "*RRI9. <« Ellis St.: 14
Bir-lA.JT* 0 w : refer *Rce» from thousands o£
Bersona for whom I have secured pensions.MURRAY & HEADY, «534-CT,c7 : iairiBt!
Phone Main 5S4S.
.^if** 51 * 1 * Employment and Labor Agents.
if? U * tav * 11KH we h °P e l
C",000 men «ork. Increase CO.OOC
• V*.'! 1^ " n<! Silver. MINES. Coal and Coppet
M V N . ES ' MINES
■ '"borers for mucking in pold mine, $C7 5f
• 4- glP anii douDle hand miners, gold mint
« eiachine miners, south, quarts mine,
hours. $ik>.
2 tfnibennen. $90; 4 miners, hydraulic min«
» - - 50.
L MISCELLANEOUS.
- raictcrs. hot«>l, country, «?e boss hT«
>- .j» day ard found; electrician, mine, StK)
onpir.eer. mine. S'M; wood turner, planing
rnlll. f^50 day: 6 cooks. 4 waiters. 7 dish
washer*, farmei*. ehoremen. plow teamster
. and nii:k«n>; tinFmith, country job; wood
choppers., grocd prices; milker. Sifklyou Coun
ty. fare paid, $30 and fuur.d; terra cotfc
• orker.
TO
ARIZONA.
BHIP DAILY. •
< io« to Preteott. h. F. & P. P. Rout*
r/v/v ARIZONA.
TfQ Mrr. fc>r Railmai Work. Good Wagrs
•!»10 Miles. ARIZONA. $3 If
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
Ml'RUAY £ READY. C34-C36 Clay st."
— A thorouirhly r'rarti'-al man fcr su
perintendeni of a ranch, where owner doe
not reside; must unien-tand the breeding an
« ore of fine Ktock. horses and cattle and hav
unquf*ticnib!* references as to ability ant
chararier. AddrefMi fully. &uuir.g salary ex
_ p^cted. X. Y. 7... box 2679. Call office.
WANTED— By ■wholesale house, bright bo
about 16 years old. to help in office; prev'.ou
practical experience not necessary' must r>
K.xkj writer, quick at figures. Address ow>
handwriting and state salary expected bo
2ti7&. Call office.
a— Z \T
Men U learn the lerb»r trad" in two mr-nth
•End secure jnol pesitions; catalogue and ful
inforrrjitlou rrailfd free. MOLER Oyster
'.oilt-tf, G:5 t. !h> et.
BARBERS, take notice— The office of yecre
tary end Fre* Eairloyment Bureau ha? re
rncved to & City Hall eq.. or liAM Market st
.lourreyraen Barbers' Inicn. Local 14S. JOS
•^J^BLEILY, Secretary. <
TT'JY °ur men's shoes, union rr.ad«s at $1 r.n.
fl ..O f»r pair, foot-form Fhoee at $2 -V) o
orthopedic nboer. $3 50; l»«-?t slioes on e«r:»-. 1
Third st.. Exam. bl<2g., 5 dwrt frorn Market
RANTED — laborers and mechanirs to kno-a
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprietor, hai
»<ldf<J |Q0 new rooms to ihe Denver House
t!7 Third st. ; 2.V» rooms; 25c to 5<k- per night
WANTED — Flrst-t-Iaps plater. Apply JOHN
PON, JEFFERY & CO.. 4C0 Sixth et. Oak
land.
: • YOUNG men, 18 years of ags. to organize
niiitary orsanization. Call S. FZANIK. 47:
Valencia Ft., bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
TOUNG rnan to earn his tuition outside oi
school hours. California Business College,
SOS Larkin st.
A- KIP.s?T-class traveling salerrnan for a iarg<
!. «-al tailoring firm: An not apply- ur.!e«
thoroughly ei;^rience<l. Arpb' box 2t?92. Cail.
WANTED — Barber for evenire* and Saturday
and Sunday. 607 Sacramento rt.
I RELIABLE rrarried German; understand!
tpndir.tr t»ar: ai*o <an sell indoor*. 20d. «:ail
BARBER. »-hoifFt!e diFtrict. would work even-
teg! «Pi Sundays. Box 20«C. Call office
W'AJT*3CS>— Payinp barber sh<-.p in pood countr>
jown. Addrej* box 2CT7. Call office.
HAN to do Janitor work for tuition in P. F.
"Parber Pthool 741 Howard rl.
SAILPRs? and cr<?'nary eeamt-n for deep-watei
ship*. Apr>!y DENT'S piace, 26 Steuart ft,
. PENSION atty., E. A. Bulli«. room 40. Ph»lar
h!dg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port.G.A.H.
. WINCHESTER H^l. «4 ThTTj"!»t!. near Mar-
, kp-t— "00 rt^on^f; 35c night: reading-rooms
frt-e 'bus and Lacgage to and from ferry.
A nVERTISEMEXTS. i>ub*'-rlptTcr7ree«fved al
«'a!l Branch offitn». cor. Duncan & Church sts
A BBAKCH office of The CalTToTthereception
of atfvertiitements an'! salwcriptirtis hoc been
orene.1 at 1(*>S Market rt.. or)ix.sjte Fifth.
- Op»n ur.:l! II p, tv..
ALL, size? nipn'p Fh<>ps, *!ightiy dsmaped. half
pVice. 5«3 Mlsariea f=t., bet. iFt and 2<\ sis'.
GET your *hr*s hslf-snl««d while waiting; 2T»c
• to r***. Ma Mission *t.. l>*-t. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AMI UACOXS.
A t-TANDARD brc-d pacer; foaled In '97; 16
' hfcndg hi»:h; bound. ANDERSON, 18 Turk ft.
r.0 ASSORTED bugcies. eurreys and wagons
at coet yr*ce. ITah-S Fc!sor.i St.
FOR tale — Six second-hand *xprrcs wagons
and two trucks. 2:i.1 Reale si.
Al EXPRESS wagon. Fight carnrir.g wagon
end go-cart for Kaie cheap. f;i2 M!»*ion Bt.
Lerpest assortmt 2o-ha:id WBgor.y buckhi.sur-
•'yriamtgF.Wfirfe.drivlr.rhr.rnf!>. TSth-Va1*nc!a
HOISES TO LET.
A— rRINTED llet of houses to let; send for cir-
<u!ar. G.I1. fMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
McALLISTKR. 12t»— 12 rootriF. bath anT'blw
iurd-room; $60; water free; modern.
BEFOKE mo%-1r;c r*t out printed Itrt o'. houses
to lot. BAUJW1N' & HO'YrLU 2S Post st.
HOISES TO LKT Ftil \.SHED.
ri.'RNISHEI) *-rr.om I»acSfic-av*-nue apartment
fiet: everythir.s r.e». THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY iAti Marl;rt st.
' UOl'SEs I'illMvlilJ) FOR SALR.
$<~' r >; MUST *"2I to-day; partis* goin« away;
* * 5-roome<3 houte; new fumit'-.re. HjOlt ■ gut-
ter et.
IXyKSTME\T».
BONDS. 6TOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dlvidend-payinr securitie* for sale.
GKRMANIA INVEST CO.. 1(27 Market «.
LOST A.\D FOl'.\D
FJh'TY dollarT reward — I^oft. February 17. on
the road between Burlincame station and
-Huriir.gamft Clubrious*-, about 11:30 a. . m.,
Mack leather handbag, containims; «atch.
• purse and personal papers. Return to 1310
Teyior et. ; ru> querticn* asked.
W ILL, party who found purse '"intaininR- fold.
m!v«t and papr money. bea^F. k»ys and
..■elling tardu of Miss L. 1^.. 03 <»e«ry st..
H*-tw*,-n Jones and Leaven wort rt. return r.ame
to 1A Tuik rt. and receive reward?
LOST— At Mardi Ores T^rd&y night, pearl
necklace *ith diamond c'.frp Huitabie re-
ward if returned to W. K. VANDEIt-
KL1CC CO.
LOST — A passbook with The Hibernia £a\-ings
arid Lo«n fc--vri»-rjr of San Franc'.rco. In tbe
r.ame cf MARIA ZOLEKZI. No. 230-53i. Tt»e
fi.'ider will please reiurn to bank.
LOST — Monday evening-, February 15. in or
near Columbia Theater, pearl and diamond I
circular brooch. Finder please return to -iZi
liatght gt.; reward.
LOST— Lady's cold watch tvith N. R. on tec;
»!»■» P.ob«rts en inner raFe; No. I7(KJ.'{4.
nnder pleane jc-ave at 433 Jerkin tt. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
ljQi-T — A jasfcbook *it!i the Hibernia Savings
and Loen fioclety of San Francisco in the
n«nu> of Htiry Vounjr. No. 2«A-23L The
J. :••-'-' will ple&s« return to bank.
LOFT — Pointer doe: name Sport; brown end
white «r*r>t«. Return to C*l. Bar. corner
Thlra and Mission r-ts., %n reward.
t/}£T Black corker (>r«iniej doe; . few white
heir* on breast; liberal reward. IS17 Val-
lejo mx. .
LOST Part of nr.ake ring with diamond.
Finder will return some to N. DUFFV.. Wi"
California Bt.. and receive liberal reward.
w)sT finaice ring with diamond. Finder will
• return nme to M. CUNIO. 1224 Dupont »t.. j
and receive liberal reward. '
jjQPT Fpfcrus* ry 17. $300 currency. Large re-
ward (given on return to Chief of Police.
£^X~Gr<rat Dane d>->«;, licen»e ZSS. Return
1162 Kayea et.
ijy^T On Filimcre car. Sunday, physician'"
satchel. Return to 3524 20th st. ; reward.
A WEEK" 6 news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
If, pgyM. >n wrapper, for malllntt. $1 p«r year.
HIKES AMI MIMXG
Wh5 Monterey Gold Mining Company, wblcli
owns or.e cf the most valuable mine* In Cali-
fornia, baj placed on the market 20,000 shares
of itT stock *t ac * «fcare. th« par valut
betas f L Mr. 3. J. Taylor, the eminent rnla-
lr« expert. U In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine U «ainln«;
ranldly as th* work advance*; this stock will
•re to f2 * ehare within the nest 12 month*:
interested parties can aee the Quarts and sold
taken cut of thia mtn« at tn« offlot of their
r.Ka! axentm,
'-KIO4ANIA INVEST. CO.. K7 Markat "«• *
BIEDICAL. _^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always Eafe, painless and reli-
able: I have no failure*; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st., rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WTETH. epecialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 62C Po*t Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
ilcf guaranteed. IOC84 Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale . druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland
DR O. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are elck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice _free. Office. 101 S Market «t.
CATARRH. DFAFNESS and NOISEsTn EARS
positively eured: new method: 1 week's treat-
mT,t free. Dr. Cottinghnm. 204 Sutter «t-
MRS. D. ALLEN*. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
conflneroeEt; best medical care: low fees.
D:t. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, fereal* complaint*; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years' expw.
j VP.. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladles; con-
Fult him free. SOD Kearny St.; tel. Main 4S1.
PR ROSEN resides C&85 Foipom St.. corner
26th; iadie«, relief or no fee; ?10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HEP.RS;
original method of treatment. U2C Market st.
DR. NG TOT KEH. 319 Powell rt.. opposite
ITnlon square: ell diseases cured fcy herbs.
— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAX. IOS-U'7 Fremont st. .^
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
need* no painting or coating; Rood over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for n?w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
ID-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shaft inc. etc., etc., bougnt, sold,
rented and exrhansed; see Sunday papers.
U. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 120-132 Beale st.
A— FINE -uits. f7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors,- 23S Kearny st..
near Buth; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 263-255 Spear st.
SHOWCASE; glass front; running drawers
end doors: 2S feet: price $50. BACIGALU-
PI'P PENNY ARCADE, 8H» Market Ft.
ALTERATION sale— -.Best 52 50 hats. 51 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 3:50 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at 91 and $1 M pair;
foct-form 6hoes at $2 50; we pay express <
charges. 11 :td st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free
3VfC ROLL, and up: fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER
IGAN. l~og Webyter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holsteln bull* and a lot
fine family fresh cows at PCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD. Ssn Bruno road.
FOR rale^ — Plumhers' and carpenters' tools;
li-.nre Erinii"? .«tor.e: floor trucks with tracks,
at V!j?, Hnward Ft.
FOR *ale — New cash register. 1700 Devisa-
derr. st.
FOR SALE— Gasoline srhocner; cap. about 30
tons. Apply N. SULLIVAN. 2S Ritch ft.
SAFES and cash registers. n»-w and secend-
hand. I. FREEMAN. IM29 Market st.
PfcSKfl lmupht. sold and excharited. T. IX
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 4«7.
MIT.ES of pipe anfl ftttingr: nl! rlies. EU-
> GENE RILEY & SONS. JCO VaHej.i st.
SOME good pecond-hand rascline engines, 1 »o
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 322 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: C'n'.rano+s, Twentieth
Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS anj safes: see the complete line at 1SIG
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — N>w and seoomThind. THE~HER-
MAXX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery ft.
MOVING pictures, rr.ajrlc lanterns, Fn!e. rental-
barpains. Bullard & Breck. I SI Post st.
SAFES— N<-w and second-hand. E. B BECK
& CO.. 122 Mr.rket tt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all siz'? J. K. DOAK. 40 Fremont St. *
ASK for prir-es en second-hand typewriters- ail
makps. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Monte-'y.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or CanaJa one year for $1.
MISCELUUfEO VS WANTS. ~
WANTED — A Gray electro platinc dvnamoT
Address STEWART BHOWN. San Jose, Cal.
WANTED — To buy Krr.oire diamond contracts
.*.. below, tSOOO. liox 2722. Call r.ifl-e.
LARGE secord-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
jTLCPI.PEyWY AKCADIC. 840 MarKet st.
I PAY hishf*t prices fcr all kinds of cast-ofT
send poFtai. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.'
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie :t741. or postal.
TILTON wants good secend-hand clothing and
Ih.fatrio;! goods. 1S4 ath St.; tel. Jessie 2*31.
MOXEY TO LOA.V
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-6O2-6O3 Exfimlr.er Bullying.
Culck eettlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dfahns directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undlvi.ied Inter-
tr-zts assignments ct rents, property in trust.
*tc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests )n property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strict'y confidentiaL
M'htn You Need Money
See HERMAN' MURPHY.
A rcaconcble amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, ou real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Box 408. Call office.
A-«Y amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
*2irtfct rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market si.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamtrters. boarding houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
4« principal cities. Toiman. .153 Parrott b'.dg.
HIGHLY respectable pri\-ate -place to obra'.n
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tal. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 ptr cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al no commission, no publlcity;$25 up:qulck.
private, confidential. £C Montgomery, rm. 7.
U. JACOB8ON & CO., financial brokers, Emma
Sprecitcls bldg.. rm. C21; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated; confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; pold. silver,
diamond*, pearis and precious stonea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'fi. 10 Sixth «t.
MUNICIPAL, LOAN' OFFICE. 10S Grant are..
LOANS FROM «1 TO S10.COO.
SEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronlcl* bldg. :
ro salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F. \
Discount Agency. 143 Fhelari building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; istrlct
privacy; no commission installments accepted :
BONELJ.I. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON *
CO.. 70S Market it., roem 207. J
%LL loan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent ■
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny. 1
V% ON furniture Sc pianos; IS up; no removal- ■
u« com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at.
PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu- -
tual Eavir.es Bank building. 708 Market st. I
JTAK Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to ■
salaiied employer. R. Gil. Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
:ASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building. I
MVSicAijiyaTjavMEyTa.
I BEAUTIFUL piano at almost any price; -
owner leaving; busine** for. cale. Apply I
delicatessen store, 621 Polk st.
)NLY piano houae in the city that will rent ;
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow L
6 months' rent and cartage off purchaiie
tirice- sole agents for McPhall. Schiller and _
ota«r makeg. BCOTT-CURTAZ. S60 Hayei. i
FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furnt- -
tare) will be *old to pay storage dirt cheap. \
WHTTF-HEAirS etorate. 1636 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 19041
...A MOST SUBSTANTIAL GirT...
I FREE I Tn Alf Ctefied Atkrfcer;, [FREEj
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Crown Band DaterWibh ExcefsiorlnRPad
The "CROWN" has dating for seven years and stamp for "PAID," "RECEIVED,"
"ENTERED," "ANSWERED" and "ACCEPTED." It has a nickel finish, is strongly
constructed and makes a very suitable article for general and office use. : ; : : . • : :
I -' '
CROWN DATING STAMP AND EXCELSIOR PAD.
TELL YOUR WANTS
.* IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL *
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-
day's Call.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
orc-n until J2 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, rornpr Clay; open until 'J:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
K.T9 McAllister street; open until 9:3) p. m. ...
615 L,Ki-kin street; open until iiSO-jv rn. ».. ..
) 1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
k 22Ci Market street, corner Sixteenth: open until 9 p. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until i) p. in.
) 10!i<5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
, Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. •
) Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until D p. m. ,
\ OAKLAND OFFICE:
i 1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
\ ■ BERKELEY OFFICE:
[ 2HS Center Street Telephone North 77
, ALAMEDA OFFICE:
1 Schneider's Book Store Park Street
MISICAL INSTKLMENTS < on.
A KINS bjSLECliO.V OF PiANU UAiiuAiMi.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chitkering; walnut case; nearly new.
Stelnway; about a year old.
Knabe : walnut case; finest, larsest st?e;
* nearly UW.
Steir.way; largest size; fine condition.
Htc.-ling: mahogany case; largest size.
Stanuard; cak case; good «« new.
Ilftines Brothers, the senuine; mahogany
tase; nearly new.
Ft-ek; largest sue.
Stock: medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Tv.-o Neumanns: good condition.
Sifck grand piano; good as new.
Stein way xrajirt piano; In good order.
PRICKS FROM *12."> UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
In^ludinsr such makes us Weber. Steinwray,
)' ~n*e "Kranich & Bach and other*, from
$lv ud.' BENJ. CL'RTAZ & .SON.
Chickerlne Asenta.
Crrtax buildinz. 16 O'Farrell st.
OPEN. SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCK sale of upright piano3 from
?5<J uji; greatest bargains ever offsred in Kan
Francisco; all makes; rents «2 up; in.-t!ii;-
mei.t.4 ?4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 2:55-237
Geary st. ; Oakland address, , 1252 Broadway.
CHKAP square and upright pianos; new and
eecend-hand organs: very easy payments.
403 Market it., second floor.
NEW pisr.os «old on $3 monthly payment!.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 1C McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good ns
new; $135. 237 Geary St.
$C5 — UPRIGHT pl?no: Steck mahogany: nearly '
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 218 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
EOHMRR. Byron Mauzy pianos. CecllUn piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OKFICES AND. STORES 'TO LET.
FOR rent from March 1 — Stores. 1059-10G1
"arkPt st. Apply Immediately, George
Davis, Central Theater, or SHAINWALD,
BUCKDEE fc CO. '
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 1*0 Peary »t.. opp. City of Paris.
PAL^:VI'UY.
MME UEVAS, scientific palmist and attrolo-
gist" palm readings $1; 3 questions by op-
press 51 ; open Tueaday evg. also. 130 Post st.
3JMJ3. MERCIEli. astrological palmist. 711
Post st.; no sign.
MME NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hoars
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor s<- near Geary. Phone Black 5B1.
PAI'CUHAKGING. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting,
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Maln 4KS.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
rjR~C~C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1U21H Market st.. bet. Cth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73K Market at. i
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth. '
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by 1 use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at BE. : corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
ease* cured by Chlaesa harbs. 716-8 Cla-v ct.
PKKSOXA LS.
W. FRAXKIL. just from the Kasf. will open
flrst-cla*!" manipulation and facial masseur
parlors for Itidles only; any lady bringing
;liis au. will receive one facial m.-.s-ud' at
ha'.r rate en openitig <li>, Saturday, :iCth. at
parlors r> and ij, 207 Powell tt.; hours U to 12
a. in. and 1 to 0 p. m. ; Sunday, U to 12.
MRS. ANNIE TOSSKLL of Chicago wishes to
meet hei nister. MI'S. ROBEH? MATLAND,
tcrrr.erly Mits Alice Rodger ot Scotland, or
communicaie with her at 2CS Vieksburg et..
San Francisco. Britten Columbia papeis
*>lcase vcpy.
THK (star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, frq-
pro\eg its growth. stops lalling.cures dandrui?
•and itching scalp; no ktuin or rticklnmj
ckanses scalp;;u drupglsls', hairdressers'; ic-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,i:«« Polk
j GRADUATES of New York School of Masxa**
, Osteopathy; taper and ele-.tric baths; race
I vibrating machii:e for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurse* as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 4uti Geary.
| PHYSICIAN, )G year*' experience' cures j«r-
inanently morphine, cccalne habit. Call cr
jiOdr-s-.s Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
tcrn^r Sutler st. ; fee moderate.
RAG ciirofts wove to order and for sale; also
cheniile-wove rue». silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. . 7O Fifth st., Oakland.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows !
the work that is the important item to persons
contemplating facial treatment, 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, moruhlne and all drug dis-
eaees positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
i:i73 Waller; consultation frte; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkle*,
oil blemishes removed; shampooing specialty
MMB. ROUME.-S31 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co
0t>7 Market st.. room 203.
AT less than cent, uncalled for suits, overcdU
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday Bun-
day evgn., Teutonia Hall. Howard at., near
ath; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J W. SPARROW, Jeweler, formerly of 107
Goary Kt.. has moved to 213 Post st.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;eures deafne«« and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. :io24 19th, nr. Vaiencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist :iC'j Sut
ter. r. BOO. Miss Eaton.. 23J Geary, room ds.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 10. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wIrj-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle/ Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 MarkeL
TAILOR-MADE eult $7 &0; dress pants $2 SO*
Misfit Clothing Parior. cor. Bu»h and Dupont
ALFREDUM'ri Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b»en
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
~£TORAGE~AND~WAREI1OIJS^S^~~
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; fuTnUureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725^
v 731 Howard at.. -. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage Sc. Moving Co., of-
.fleft Post and Powell fits,; tel. Priv. Ex. 57L
CONltLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
f-.dite. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOL0EN 'West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; teL Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phona Jtckson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
•t.; tel. Main 1840..; Shipping at cut. rates.
I'HOI'US VLB.
PROPOSALS Icr Cap Devices— Depot quarter-
masters' o;tU-e, .'S»S New Montgomery M.i San
Francisco. Cal.. February 4, 1U1.4 Sealed
I pioposals in triplicate will be received at this
1 oltioe until 10 o'clock a. tn. Friday,' Fcbruaiy
10, 1004, Pfcfific .-t.ip.tUid lime, and then
opened, for furnishing i:,l..*0:t cap devices ror«
cavalry, infantry, artillery and engineer
troops. Bids will be opened for the deliver}
I Of th« same article Ht the San Francisco, Bos-
ton, Chicago and Philadelphia depuu. Prefer-
ence will be 2i»'en to articles of comeetic pro-
duction and manufacture conditions of pric*
and quality b'inst equal (including In th*
: price of foreign production and mariu.'act-.»-e
: the duty ihereon). and su«-h preference will
I be civen to articlce of American production
j 'and manufacture produced on the Paciric
I Coa».t to th* extent of the consumption re-
I quired by th«- public service there. Tbe United
I states ns'erve trie right to accept or reject
any or «U proposals or any part thereof in-
formation and blanks for proposals will be
furnish*-*! en application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposal* will be indorsed "Proposals for
Cap Devices " and addressed to Major C A
Devcl. Quartermaster. U, S. Army. Depot
QuarfrmaBter.
CONSTRUCTING Quartermaster'a Office
VanciAiver Barracks. Wash., Feb. 13. lt»04
Sealed prcpcsals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 a. rn March 17.
19(»4, and then opened In the presence of
attending bidders, for constructing, plumb-
Ing, heating, gas piping, electric wiring and
gymnastic apparatus for a gymnhsium and
post exchange at Vancou\-er Barracks. Wash.
Plans and specifications and full information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Plans may also be seen at the office
of the quartermaptfr at Seattle. Wash., and
at Fort WriEht, Waish. The United States
rererves the right to accept or reject any or
ail proposals or any part thereof. En-
• velopes should be indorsed "Proposals for
Public Buildins at Vancouver Barracks,
"Waal!.," and addressed to Captain W c!
WREN. Constructing Quartermaster, Van-
couver Barrack?, Wash.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies—Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, Cal
February 0, 1004.— Sealed proposals for furl
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
. or wharves nr such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal., ns per circular to be seen at this
- office, will be received here until 11 o'cIock
a. m., Friday, February 1», 19<>4 and open«d
immediately thereafter. In presence of b'd-
ders. Specifications, general Instructions to
bidders and blank formg of proposal; will t»
furnished to established dealers on aDDilca-
tlon to C. R.. KRAUTHOFF. MaJ. Corny. ■
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January 20. 1904
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will he re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
20. 1904. and then opened for construction of
frame kitchen and storehouse under officers' j
ward and for enclosing two verandas at the •
General Hospital, Presidio of San Francisco
Cal. Government reserves the.rlght to reje«:
or accept any or all bids In whole or in part.
Information furnished an application to W'M
S. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
fral. Chief Q. M.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of Ban Francisco, State of California Pro-
bate—In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L, FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased No '
SOO74, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will. C C. P., sec. 1303—
Notice Is hereby given that MONDAY the
■ 2fith day of February, A. D. 1804 at 10
t,' clock a. m- of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
City Hall, in the city and county of
• tian Francisco. State of California, have beer,
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing the
application of HENRY E.MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the issuance to
' them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) I.--V JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15, A. D. 1004. '
• Indorsed : Filed February IS - 1004.
JOHN J. GREIF, Clerk.' ,
By E.' S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.'
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
6 HOEFLER. Attorneys for p*»iHn«—» .
EASrOiTEVDRiSG^ S^CoTTttS Market Bt.
$50.000 — 5th-st. corner. 167 front ft.; business
property covered with 3-story buildings;
rent* very low at |200 per month.
118.500 — Rents 11S20 per annum: McAUIster-
st. flats: 7-S-8 rooms; finished basement
and attic; almost new.
$15,000— 3d-st. ; 30:9>4x75 ft.; brick buildins
thereon.
$13,000 — 6th-st.; 60xS5 ft.; a fine house on the
lot; a snap.
S12.CO0— Waller-3t.. near FUlmore; 3 new mod-
ern fists; rents $30; 7-tt-tS rooms and
baths; high basement.
$8,000— Howard-tt. flats, near 14th: three
beautiful flats and rear house; rents $<1
per month.
$S,000 — Shotwell-st. flats; less than one year
old; 6 rooms and bath each; splendid
basement; marble steps, hand-painted
washbowls, tiled sinks: rents $70.
$7,500— Sou th-of -Market business Investment;
store, and lodging-house above; main
street; rents $71> per month.
$7,000— Residence; McAllister st. ; modern In
every respect; new plumbing; porcelain
bath.
$7,0CO— Minna St.. X. line between 3d and 4tli;
an extraordinary opportunity for specu-
lation.
$6,150— Harrison st., near 5th; 2 elegant flats; |
high basement: 6 rooms and bath In
each; rented at $50 per month: lot 2»x
80 ft.
$4,250—4 flats; Clementina St.; rented to flrst-
class tenants at $41 per month; a good
interest-paying property with an as-
sured future; mortgaged.
$4,500— Four beautiful building lota. 23x137:6
each; McAllister St.. near Scott.
$4,C0O — Corner residence in a beautiful neigh-
borhood; unsurpassed view; 7 rooms and
bath; can be bought on easy terms,
$1000 cash, balance same as rent; owner
compelleJ to leave city; mu^t sell.
$4,000— Ritch st.: 5 flats In strictly first -class
condition; 2 frontages; rents Si6 per mo.
$3.600 — Ritch st.. E. line, backing up to 3d
st; lot. substantial Improvements: rent
$:50; whoever builds on 3d st. will need
this lot.
$3,6C0 — Clara st.. near 4th; rents $37; 2 beau-
tiful flats and rear house.
$::j',00 — Natoma Ht.. near 7th; 8-room resi-
dence; lot alone worth the money.
$2,500 — 20th st., near Dolores; 7-room resi-
dence; heavily mortgaged; must be sold.
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
SPECK & CO.
C«7 Market st., opp. Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
FOURTH-ST. CORNER.
$00.000^ — Transfer corner.; 10O ft. frontage;
stores and flats; bank mortgage of $39,*
CCO can remain; rents $3<!t5: lot 100x75 ft.
FILLMORE-ST. BARGAIN.
$50,00<V— Rents $'{S5; new buildings; lot 75xS7:6
ft.; best level block on Fillmore at.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$17.00<) — S«:ci>nd-fit. corner; I',, blocks from
Market St.; 122 ft. frontage on 2 streets;
greatest bargain downtown; same corner
on Third st. would easily bring $75,000.
$43.500— Thlrd-st. transfer Corner; 55 ft. front-
age; stores and apartments above: if
Improved with modern building would
pay handsomely.
412.5C0 CASH ONLY.
$37,500— Bank mortgSK* $'-3,000: Eddy st.. rear
Larkin; €8:&xl37:6: rent* $213; positively
rr.u.-l be sold.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25.0CO— Stor«s and apartments: 41) ft. frontage;
rents $1*0; pays ov«r 7 per cent net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$lr\500 — O'Farrell St., east of Van Ness ave. ;
pays 10 per cent net by assuming $a<>X)
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120;
two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$!'.'„ COO— Ccrner, Western Addition: rents $230:
lot o7:6x<*5; splendid new building.
$25.CC0 — Polk st.: rents $1SO: business property;
pays 7 p?r ei-nt net: 40 ft. front.
?CC.5^0 — One-half block from Market st. ; rents
•171; fire Improvements: lot 75x100.
$10,000— Annual rents $21S5: Golden Gate ave.;
modern bay-window flats; lot 50x137:0.
$13,500 — 50 ft. front; rent $122; modern flats;
near Flllmorp and Waller sts.
$H>,C0C — Two beautiful Poet-st. flats, clos* to
Gough: 30 ft. frontage; always rented:
yearly r*-nts $!>C0.
lf«<.25O^-McAlllster-st. flats; rents $060 yearly:
lot 25x137 :e.
$0,2."0— Rente t-M .'/>; business property; near
Sixth and Harrison sts. ; lot has two
frontages.
$ri,500 — Yearly rents $024; Ritch St.; Jot 42x75;
pays 14 per cent net.
SPECK & CO., 607 Market »t.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1.850 — Union, near Broderick; on sunny side.
wllh cracd marine vtew; one lot left;
the ethers all Jusf sold and fine Im-
provements to go up as soon as rainy
»>rason is over; size 25x100; floO first
payment, $30 to $4o monthly ; ready for
building. ,
<2.10O — Webster-st. corner: 25x100; cheaj.
H3,7oO — Green St.. overlooking Presidio; grand
marine view; on t-uniiy side; 0>xl<>.".
?5O.00O — Two grand corner*; one U a NE. cor-
ner 275x137:6; panoramic marine view;
very choice.
$10,000— Webster-st. corner, 110x100; fine buy
for a builder. -
$9.000— Cheapest corner in Western Addition;
107:t5xl37:»i; a NW. corner; cars pass;
both streets sewered: a fine purchase to
subdivide again.
$6,500 — Larkin; 2 flats, each 7 rooms and
bathroom.
SO.DOO — Brodsrick-st. ccrner: 2 flats.
J3.C00 — Lake-st. corner; 32:6x100; a fine^ buy
for a crncer; cars pass.
$5,000 — Lake st.: 5 lots; cheaper than other
lo«s In vicinity, which are held at $1500
to ?lti50 each.
?3, 750— Clement St.; large lot. 78x115; fine
lot to improve with r-tores.
$5,000 — A sur.ny NW. ccrner in Western Ad-
dition; make offer: masniScent lot to
Improve with 7 flats or fine residence:
with grand marine view; large lot; very
cheap; to be sold at once.
$1,000 — Lake-3t. corner, 32:fixl<xj; lovely ma-
rine view; street work done; fln» site
for a residence.
fCTiO — Lots on 21st ave., near Clcment-5t,
cars: 25x12(1: street macadamized.
f576— Lots on 22d ave., close to Clement-»t.
electric cars; 25xlU0.
f-400 for a lot 23x120; ready for bullUlns: a
few steps from Clement-st. cars.
Lots north of the park on all the avenues.
W, J. GUNN. 5S0 California st.
WANTED — Gcod trr.ant for commodious store
and basement to be built on Fillmore st.. nr.
McAllister; neighborhood now good and
crowing better; w!U build to suit. Box 2C72.
Call office.
YOU can buy a lovely home in San Mateo, on
car line, house of S rooms and bath. barn,
chicken housp, lot 10Oxl£i>. $6000; $1000 down,
balance ?62 CO per month. D. COFFIN &
CO.. 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrecK
the largest building completely within 1<)
days. Northwest corner M'ssion and Tenth
»ts.. office and yard.
IF you have a house and lot In Pan Francisco
that Is mortgaged and you want to get out
to tbe best advantage, address, with particu-
lars and price, box 154, Call office.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we I^aa
full cost Irnprov. and part lot at B per cenL
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
nA."H A MAYER. Plumber*, ftifi Howard st
ItEAl, KSTATE— Conn try— For Snle.
5227"a~ Merced River. Merced Co., Cal.; ap-
praised by court at $71,000; assessed by
County Assessor at, $40,(00; offered for $30,-
000; V* year's time. G per cent; 000 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa land: 4.T2T A. roll-
irjg—grazlngr and grain land: Merced River
passes through land: OCO A. can b<» irritated-
water free — no royalties: Improvements good:
school 1 mile; church and town .1 miles, on
Cirect read to Yosemite: mu»t be sold to close
t-c tatc; a bargain: the profits from these lands
• made the former owner.- JOHN L.: IVELL.
who was murdered In 1890. rich; fine rains;
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX, attorney-at-Jaw. Merced. Cal.
PA jXr6~ VALLEY APPLE "ORCHARDS!
Thfa valley is recognized the world over as
the great apple center of California. We have
two owners who are desirous of giving- their
children an education at tbe State University
therefore they will sell cheap for cash or ex-
1 change for properties In San Francisco cr
Berkeley. 50 acren valued at $ll,0CO: 30
acres valued at $45CO.
To those who mean business, call or write
for particulars.
GAFFEY & MAHON
Real Estate Agents. 505. California St.
IN 10 AND" 2O~ ACRE TRACTS] "
B'.ack sandy ailuvlel soil; water at 18 reef
finest stand of grain In Northern California on
the land at present; adjoining beautiful or-
chards, vineyards and improved homes: on the
main county road two and half miles of Court-
house and 2 live business towns; no Irrigation
necessary here; Investigate price and terms.
SO acres, as a whole or In subdivisions.
\V. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery si. room S
FOH sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings: partly to fruit: near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County. Cal.; pries.
$'000; also ether lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moss. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acr* farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUOH. Sacramento. Cal
ALFALFA lands, stock 'ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues *ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «43
Market st.
POINT RICHMOND REAjL ESTATeT"
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
jnaDa. chetos. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldz.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AT.ABIKnA KRAI. KSTATE. '/V
NIXE-ROOM hou** 1 ; gx>od Iccatlcn; to rent or
for sale; also 6-room house; lot 42x130: tn
good location; fruit trees, etc.: $«000; bar-
gain. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. Bay sta-
tion, Alameda; phone Union 1032. ' "> -
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
2 BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Ba RG A1N S— \Ve~Wj/r^»elir "«chanie~or~ buH3*
MtRDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
BKLDEn's BARGAIN'S. "
&1100 — Nice e-room cottage on Adeline st..
near station; lot 40x100.
$e2-"W — Splendid corner for flats; 100 rc«t
frontage; en a choice corner; few blocks frorn
Washington and Tenth sts.; Includes old im-
provements.
$:j»>|jO — Pretty C-room cottage on northeast
corner: lot 30x100; thort walK from business
center. •
$4000 — Modern 0-room house and lot; 40x123;
on Thirty-sixth St., near Grove.
$4100 — Fine modern 7-room home 03 Frank-
Itn at.; close in.
$1250 — KUgant residence lot. C3:4x!00; la
the beauitful Merrill property; Telegraph ave.
and Twenty-sixth at.
$13<)0— Choice corner lot, 83x100; on Filbert
an<l Sixteenth sts. ; elegant surroundings; htgh-
ly elevated; no prettier <site In town to build on.
BELDEN. Real Estate,
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$10 CASH. $5 monthly; extra fine level building
lots, covered with full-bearins assorted fruit
trees; sandy loam soil; lies fine and ready
to build on: firand view; '2 electric cars; not
far from S. F. steam local train: sewer,
water, gas: these lots are on an ldt>al spot
with fine elevation: It is the best buildins
site of any; price, all told. J200; only a few
left; adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular. 4."£ Seventh st.. epp. Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
FOR SALE.
10 acres of land in the ruburbs of Oakland:
well located, to subdivide and sell lota; elec-
tric cars to the property; easy terms; chanc«
to make $5000.
E. BISHOP.
• 46g Te oSkUna.
A SNAP.
A fine K-rorvm house; 2-story barn: lot 50x
ir>0; all etr<*et work done; cement garden
walk etc. ; good location; price only $36(>n:
easy ' terms. P. C. T.ASSEN & CO., 468
Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND Fl'RMSHED HOUSES.
IIOl'SE — Sur-erb location: new, modern: cheap;
partly furnished; for sale or rent. 410 Wals-
worth ave.
OAKLATIIJ FIUX1TCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In rural*
lure. H. Scheilhaas.llth st-.crrr.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
CA LI FORNIA .3<>2«—2"or 3 nicely" furnished
rooma for hskpg. ; reasonable; references.
DE NORMANDT. Wi Post— Nicely furn. rms.,
$2 week up; also hskpg, $4 to $7 a week.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished mnny rooms,
en suite cr single; housekeeping privileges;
j rur.nirg water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 17S6 — Elegant new sunny hkrs.
rooms; fur. or unfur. ; laundry; bath; phono.
JESSIE. :J33 — Large fmnt parlor: newly fur-
nished: housekeeping: range; water; $M.
SNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1040 Pine —
Runny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed. eUctric lighted: free baths; rat» $&> up.
MINNA. 54t" — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping ; large yard.
MISSION, 12W— Sunny furnished housekeepins
rooms: no children.
POLK. 612 — $14: bedroom, small kitchen, gaa
«tove, bath; no children.
THIRD. 3CS — One grand sunny front room, 2
windo-.TS. $V>; others $0; running water.
TWENTY-FIFTH ani Capp, grocery etcre—
Three furnished hc»;ekeeping rooms. $12.
VAN NE*S, 1008 — l^rge smnny furnished
rocms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good board in Immediate vicinity.
A WEEK'S news for ft cent* — Th« Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing-. Jl P«r year.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« recep-
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. oppoait*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ..';-.:
APAETMEJTjaOCSES.
GLENDORE— New apartments on Pine »t..
east cf Van Ness ave.; 5 and 8 rooms each.
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric llshts. pas stoves and hot water suj>-
p'.ied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and tasts and ar«
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rer.t direct from owner, who will man***
the butldlnc. now approaching completion;
«pen for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
THK LUNGER. 445 Octavia. cor. Hayes — Just
completed: sur.ny; modern .T-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished: electric lights; privet*
baths; $40 up: ref s. : also doctors* offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above- Van Ness — Th«
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roora
apartments; private baths, steam heat. else.
light*, elevator, gas ranges: $;>0 to $53.
St. Andr?j 1230 Pine— .New management; superb
aptmtp-.ntrictly firM-class; steam heat:electria
liphtsiprlv. :phone;elev. :1 to> 5 rm.i..wlth prtr.
bath: furn. cr unfum. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now c.pen; references.
HADrON HALL. "
Bfil F.DDY ST. RKFKRKXrKa.
ROO.MS TO LET—Fnrii, anil llnfnrs.
ALT.OIU. corner Second and Folsom sts. — Htir
fcouse. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices frcjn $1 5o per
week up: this is the only up-to-dato hous« la
this vicinity; flnrt-elass grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14$ Sixth St.— Roonn
2."c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week ami
light housekeeping rooms: open aJl night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rcoms. 25c. SOc. $1. $1 8O nisBt;
$1 r.-i to $10 week: hcuae open all night. .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13&4)— Fur-
nishfd rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS tThe). 61S Post. nr. Taylor— Juss
opened: desirably Iocatrd; sunny, single roorr*
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phan*
every room; el?vator: breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 E11U. comer Mason— Elegar.tiy
furnished sunny rocms: prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 230 Powell, cor. Oeary—
Sunny suites and offices; al;o single rooms.-
FERN HALL. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. rorn»;
all sunny; terms reasonable; references.
FRANKLIN, 1514 — Comfortable, sunny front
room; suitable for one or two.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 39«
to $1 23 otght: $1 5O to $« wk; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 4ea~E!lls St.— New house
'and new furniture; steam heat, hot water,
free tnths: house open and elevator wervtca
all night: transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly at the. Vendome, 110-1 Market st.
LAGUNA, 1511. cor. Geary — Front suite: newly
furnished; modern flat; every convetrT'ncs;
private family of 2; phone Geary 40S2.
LAMBOURNK HOTEL —
Elegantly furnished rocms. en suite and sin-
gle; rates reasonable; close to town. 420
Eddy st. m
LAKKIX. S04 — Sunny front room; grate; one
or two persons; $7.,
MISSION. 837A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month: prices reasonable.
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or sicrle.
O'FARRELL. 77C — 2 sunny unfurnished parior
rooms: suitable for a physician: reasonable.
ROTAL House, 12C Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c . to $1 5U; week. £3
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES." McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room: rent $7.
SUTTER. 622 — Comfortably furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; bath; terms reasonable.
SL'TTER, 1120 — Four sunny rooms, lower por-
tion of residence; suitable for ladles' tailor,
milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.
THE MENDIS. 1141-1151 Market— Nlco Mar-
ket-st. suite:-, $5 and $3 per week; no tran-
sient.
Continued on Paro Vn»*»«*-
1314
ROOMS TO LEI^Fnra. nnd Pnfnra.
TBIRXV SOt^StoaBS.' 25c." «Ktei T5c^and :i per
ntgBt; $1 to $4 week: nice, quiet; bath.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to f 1 night. *1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In evjtrr
room; elevatcr. read.-room: free bustbaggagg.
VAJ^TneSS ave.. Bl»— Elegant front parlor* and
cdjolclcg pulte for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. n e * T _M*rket—
Mort convenient and respectable: 700 rooms .
SSc to Jl 50 eight: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec. light*; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Blxtb— Electric light In
every room; 15c to $1 a night; .5o to $3 •
week; open all eight; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church »ts.
A~BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
cf advertisement* and eubscriptlone has been
rpened at 100S Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS A XD BO A HP.
" HOT^T" HATTON
K77 Ptre, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths: all modern conven-
lences; excellent table. '
HOTEL BALTIMORE,
1C13 VAN NESS AVE. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHOXE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
TDDT R4— Xlcelr furnished, warm, sunny
rooms: $8 and $10; breakfast and dinner if
rfefired. -.:-'■-■■:■<"
BOARD and room In private fatnllr in Berke-
ley, close to cars; rood home cooking; $20
per month. Address box 2570, Call efflce.
Ftevea*on tsanslcn. S07 California — Fine rooms;
r.ew chef t : colored service: table tpeclalty.
noons a\d no.viro wa.vtkd.
MARRIED cour'.e want two ur.furnlfh'-d
connecting rooms, wit* beard; Co children;
terms. Bex 2538. Call efflce.
A TtOOM with board for a gentleman <2 mealt)
in family or board!n«-house; bcarfiing-houye
rreferred; reasonable rates. Box 25S2. Call.
SPECIAL, \OTICKS.
Ladies'. Chlchester's Engllfh Pennyroyal Pills
are best; eafe. reliable; take no other. Send 4c
I't-r; for particulars. "Relief for Ladies''
!n letter by return mail. Ask your druggUt.
CfcJclrster Chemical Co., Philadelphia. Pa.
J'o REWARD for the tx-fly of Philip Slmon-
etli. fisherman, drowned near Sausallto.
ONETO BROS. 410 nsy ft., rity.
iEUIAO MACHIXES AVn SUPPLIES
t\T have several slightly shopworn sewing j
machines that we eball close out at half i
price or less at once. White Sewing Machine •
<"o , S00 Pott «t. I
Vi'K want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
p'y st .IK) Pest rt.. from S to 9 a. m..
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — Th# machine for family use:
N»st le cheapest: second-hand all makes at
ary pric*: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, IC21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See cur new triple-feed ma-
rhinet: slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hard. $3. $5. $,£: all style*; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market tt.
STITTERIXG A\D STAMMERI\C.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market^Cur*
in every case; Individual teaching; no medl-
dce. Ir.qjlre Into wonderful cvrcs: home cure
TO LEASE. j
THREE-ROOM crttage en beach; good bath-
ing. Apply C. F. M.. box 54. Sausalito.
TgBF.
FEn J. S C. 114 ELLIS ST..
And Join his concentrated class: 17 actual
dinner* in the last 13 days.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. f25: other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals S2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars cf L. & M. ALEXAXDER. 110 Mont-
gomery «t-
2D-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webwer Typewriter Irw-pec Co.. 60S Market.
DIVIDEXD XOTICE8.
CAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* "Build-
ins Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December,
1003. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum cf (12> twelve per cent oa
capital stark and participating certificate*,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1*04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
MAltKIAGK LICENSES.
■.
The following marriage licenses were issued |
;ts»crd?y:
Hors'-e W. Atkins. C9. city, and Mina P.
Steinkoonlg. 20, city.
Perry Nannie. 4(». *•(! Harriet «treet. and
HnttU- M. no'.i. .'«>. 20 Hayes street.
fJinin E. Stillwell. 4«'.. W. Natoma street, |
sni Marj" M. tvxt't. 4:!. 1!43 Natoma ttrct.
Otto von Skotnicki. S5, ISUTi HatTison street. I
and Anna C. Heeth, Itft. 13« Eleventh street.
Marcus Ston<-. 44, U,"iS Franklin street, and
Tl-.Tft-n H. Frank. 34. 1»44> California street.
ra:ri-k A. UcGetanen, 10. K» Kearny
•tre*t, tnd Arr.le B. Uempfry, 1«, 520 Keamy.
R«-V-it L. Wilson. :.".». 2»'i5 Howard street, ;
»nd Msry E. Watson, 25. 11 Clara etrert.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, j
Birth, marriage and cleath notie<?» ecr.t by
rtifcil will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
sr.dorted with the name and residence of per-
fctin* authorized to have the gam? published.
Nctic*a restricted simply to the announcement
•if the cxent are published once In this column •
free of charge.
BORN.
UnOEZINGEn— In this city, February 15,
V.*H, to tho wife of Emile A. Gnj?ringer,
a son. • •
LERCARI— In this city. February 15, 1904.
l" the wife cf C. J. Lercarl, a i"on.
MrPHEDRAN— In this city. February ]O.
IWi lo the wife of James McPhedran, a
daughter.
S'.'HNEIDER — In Benieia, February 13, 100;,
to the wife ot George Srhnoldcr. k daughter.
MARIUED.
NFAI.OX— BAKER— In thi* city. February 15.
V.Ktt, at Mission Dolores Church, by the *R»v.
H. Tobin. James J. Nealon and Clara A.
Maker.
SCHROTH— RCK3ERSOX— la this ejty. Fob-
ruarj I.*>, ll»04, by the Rev. Durr M. We«-d<. n
John F. Behrotli and Honcia J. Rocrrssn.
Ixith of this city.
STONE— FRAXK— In thi» rity. February 17
1{*H. by th- Rev. Jacob Voorsanger. Manu*
f^tone to Thcrtfa Irank. l>oth oi this < lly.
rtrire. Catherine P?terson. Marguerite
Bymm. Marj- E. >»ow<rs. Marcaret J.
* ollirm, oe.jrge P. Reynolds, John F
Orowler. Harbara lUU-y, Thomas E
Dobje. Margaret B. Sellon. Joyce
Uri*co11, Effle II. Sleh. Metta M
' Knskln*. Mary A. «hani an. William
Oroerinrw (infant) Smiddy, Ellen
He yes. Edward Stockman, John M.
Hayward. AMInza. Theobald. Susan
UJ? kcl .'. J f""P h Thorndlke. Frances
Jffla. llachael Tully Mia E
Kellogg. I*vi M. Van VoorUles.' Mrs.
Klopi««-nknjnr. Dora D. TV.
Marino, Rocco Warren. Alta \
MtDermott. Edward Whitley, Mzttle' II
Moritx. Charles R. Window, Dr. Henry
Murptajr joba C. Woerner. Adolph
Nulty. Nellie
BRICE— In this city. February 17. 1904 Cath-
erine Brice (nee Welsh), beloved wife' of the
late <»eorfcc Brire, and sister of Mrs. J Hur-
Iry. Mr*. F. Gorman and Mrs. A. Reln-
hardt, a native of Connecticut, aeed 38
year* 9 months and 2 days.
BVRXE— In this city. February 17 1004
Marj- K. Byrne, mother of Philip Byrne a
native of (California, agrd 39 years 4 months
tJ-Ft lends and acQuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Fridayi. February 13, m 10 o'clock firm
th- funeral carloni of Bunker & Lur.t 2C0«
Mission ttreet. between Twenty-second and
Tweaty-thlrd. Mission Masonic Temple ln-
terer.t Blount O!lvet Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Oakland. February IT l»04_
it VJSX Webftcr mreet. George Scott be!
Iwed son of Delia a. and the late H M
<V.llin*, and brother of Mary Collins Mrs'
Thomas .«t ester*. Mrs. John Lawrence and
William II. Collins, a tiatlve of Oakland
Cal.. aged 22 yers 3 months and 12 days
C1JOWLKY— In this city, February 16 J9O4
Barbara Crowley <nee Sullivan), relict of
Cornelius Crowley and beloved aunt of John
I i*tutm McGinn. Henry^aMeau™"
{ JAMES MeGIXX & CO..
I Formerly With McGinn Bros
, -Funeral Director* and Embalmers
I 214 Eddy »t.: Tel. South 676.
I J. MONAHAN. Manager. TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HAR A & CO.
FL'NERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
•338-23U Mission «t.. near Nineteenth,
£** FriscUco.
P., Thoma* F., Richard P. and Cornelius
L. Kcatlnc. a native of Cahlrciveen, County
Kerry, Ireland, aged f>x years.
CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:30 o'clock, trom the residence.
of her cousin. Timothy Sullivan, 771 Harrl-
eon street, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her *oul. commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOBLE — Entered Into peace. In Berkeley, Feb-
ruary 15. 1904. Margaret Buchfleld Doble,
wife of Abrer Doble, a native of West Vir-
ginia, aced 73 years.
tyFunernl private.
DRISCOLL— In this city. February 16, 1004,
Efflc May, beloved wife of Dr. Edward Dris-
coll nnd mother of Ray Hitchcock, a native
of Missouri, aged 33 years 11 months and
4 dayp.
E7"Funeral strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
ERSKIXE: — In this city. Mary A., beloved
v.-lfe of Captain M. C Ersklne, and mother
of William W., Melville C. Jr. and Richard
G. Ersklne.
C7FrjendB are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral, from the First Unitarian
Church, corner Fr.inklln and Geary streets,
Friday, February 11), at 2 o'clock. Interment
private.
CROEZIXGER— In this city. February 17,
1AC4. infant son of Emile and Drama Groez-
Ir.ger, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
days.
HAYWARD— Sunday. February 14. 1004, Al-
vinz»> Hayward, of San Mateo. Cal. \
JCT'Frlrnds are invited to attend services
at Masonic Temple, corner of Post and
Montgomery streets, Thursday. February IK.
at 2:30 o'clock. Interment private. it is
kindly requested no flowers be sent.
HATES— In this city. February 16, 10<M, Ert- -
ward, beloved husband of th? late Mary !
Hayes, and loving father of James Haye*.
and brother of Maurice Hayes, Mrs. M.
Mitchell Mrs. J. Wallace and the late:
Mrs. Kate Flvnn. a native of Freemom,
County Cork, Ireland.
CTFriencis and acquaintances are respects
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrnw :
(Friday). «t S:'M o'cUiok. from the parlors
of Monahan. Oils™ & Co.. !23."S9-2341 Mis-
won street, near Nineteenth, thence- to St. j
John's Church, where a solemn requiem |
lv.ass will be clebrated for the repose of
htl f-oul. commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Inter-
tnent Holy Cross Cemetery.
H1XKEL— In this city, February 17. l!»04.
Joseph Hinkel, a native of California, aged |
43 years. •
IFFLA— In tJ-.!« city, at 3 a. m.. Wee!n»5\iay, :
February 17, 1904. Mrs. Hachael I ffla. I
widow, mother of Mrs. Ix»uise Cants-.
Mrs. Clara Harris and Joseph Iffla, a native
of Jamaica. British West Indies, aged 71
years «n<j 11 months.
(CyFrtend? and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral 5»ervloes.
Thuis-lay. 18th Inst., at 11 o'clock, at SOO
Seventh etreet. Interment Salem C«»metory.
KELL»JC,G-In Berkeley. February 17. l'JOt. i
l.r«vi M. Kollogg. beloved father of Minnie '
Kellogg, a native of Headline:, i'a., ated 74 !
years tund 5 months.
C^Fnt-nds and ax"<iuainti.nces are regpect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral s^rvics ;
Friday morninc, February 19, at 11 o'clock,
st his late residence. 2413 Bancroft way.
Berkeley. Interment private.
KLOPPEXBL'IKJ— In this city, February 16, i
J9O4, Dora Kloppenburg, beloved mother of
lienry A. Duhmen. a netfve of Germany. ]
aged 67 years 11 months and 9 days. (New i
York and Chicago. 111., papers pleaee copy.) j
CT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fu-r.t-ral to-day !
<Thursday>, at 10:3<> o'clock, from the par- !
lors of Halsted & Co.. '.MO Mission street. '
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MARINO— In this city, February 16, 1004,
Rocco. dearly beloved huehand of Elena
Marino, and father of Frank, Domenlc, Jo-
Feph and Pletro Marino, and Mrs. Lucletta
Curclo and Mrs. Filomena a na-
tlve of Vleglaco, Italy, aged CJt jears.
C7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Thursday), st 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. 717 Greenwich Ptreet. corner
of Powell, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, where a requiem high ma«
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 10:3O o'clock. Interment Holy \
Crosi Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— Near I>o«= Banos, February 17. '
1904. Edward, beloved son of Thcmas and |
the lat»j Ellen McDermott. and brother of
Jrihn. Ijawrem-e, Michael and ICIizabc-th Me-
l>-miott and Mrs. J. I'uch. a native of Con- |
nectlcut. II. I., acrd 47 years.
MOKITZ— In this city, February 16, 100*.
Charles R. Morltz. beloved husband of B»r-
«ha Morltz. and toHoved father of Alv.in.
Freda and .Manila Mnritz. a native of Ger- I
many, aced J>6 years 10 months and 4 days. I
M1RPHY— Jn thin city. February 17. 19f>4. '
John C. Ix>!oved husband of the late An- j
tonfta •-uinl Murphy, and father of Eva
and Xonie Murphy and Mrs. H. J. McEnroe,
a native of Ireland. ;
Nl'LTY— In this city. February 16, 1904. Xel- I
lie, l-elo\cd daughter of Nicholas and the I
late Mary Nulty, and sister of Mrs. J. Fran- ;
cis of Spanishtown. a native of San Fran-
cisco.
C7Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Thursday), at S:.'l0 o'clock, from the chapel
of the Passion of St. Mary's Hospital, where
» requiem high mass will be celebrated lor
the repose of her Foul, commencing at 'J
o'clock. Interment Holy Crces Cemetery.
PETBItFOX- In Oakland. February 17, m(M.
Marguerite, beloved daurMer of Hans Thyj;
mid Annie SonMa Peterson, and sister of i
Peter mid Clavs IVterRcn. a native of Den-
mark, aged 22 years.
POWERS— In this city. February 17. Mar-
garet Jcsephin'- Powrs. infant daughter of
l-'iorc* and Josie IVv.crs. a native of San
FranrifW-o, r.grfi 15 days.
BKYXOLUS- In this city. February 17. 1904.
John F.. beloved p^n of the late Frank and
Nellie Reynolds, and nephew of John Rey-
nolds, a native of Kan Franci*i-o. aged 28
year*. A member of Western Addition Camp
:;<;«. w. o. w.
ETPrieodi at.d actjoalntane^i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday*, at S:.'M» o'clock, from his }fiU resi.
| dence, 709 Howard Mrcet. thence to Ht. Pat-
rick's Chur<-h. where a rpquiem high niat-s
will l>e <-olebrated fur the repose cf his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
1 < 'rms Cemetery.
MK'.iHnn.Sof Wertern Addition Camp No. ."..Mi,
W. O. W.. arc requested to attend the funer-
al of our late neighbor, John F. Reynolds,
from his late residence; 709 Howard "street,
to-morrow (Friday), at S:.'!0 a. m.
F. H. SEAVET, Con. Com.
V. F. DE ROCO. Clerk.
RILEY— In this city. February 16. 1901,
; Thomas Eduaid, be|n\ed pon of James Jl.
and Ellen Rlley. brother of Walter. Artnur,
J'Si~ an<l Maud Rlley and Mrs. J. Williams.
Mrs. II. Ames. Mr.s. F. Wilson and tlic late
Oeon e Ril?y. and nephew of Mrs. L. tn-
gclke. a native of San Francisco, aced Jl
years 2 rrcnths and 24 days.
£7"FrIen'is and acquaintances arr respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday*, at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 5(,« Rryant street, thence to St. Rose'*
Chur<-h for terv'.ceE. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
! SELLON— In this cltv. February 17. 1901,
Jcyce. beloved wife or the lato E. R. Sellon,
nnd devoted mother of Arna L., Edward L.
and Mary J. .Sellon. a native of MarysYlUe,
Yuba County, Cal.; aged 40 years.
PHANA1IAX— In this city. February Ifi. r.»O4.
William Shanahan. a native of County Ker-
ry. Ireland, aged f>7 years.
(DTt'-ir.ainK a< the PHrlor;" of J. C. O'Con-
nor &- Co.. 7<J7 Mis<non street, between Third
and Fouith. Interment private.
SIT'H— In this city. February 10, 1004. Mctta
Marie Sieh (nee Ko<Un). dearly beloved
mother of Georce \V. Sieh. Henry Sleh of
Brooklyn, N. Y., and Mrs. Henry Meyer.
a native of Elmshorn, Hoistein, Germany,
aged 04 years- and 12 days. (Brooklvn,
N. Y.. papers plc-asc copy.)
CyFrierds and ar-quair.tanccs are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:."3O o'clock, from the par-
lors or II. F. Suhr & Co., 11U7 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SMIDDY — An anlvcrsary requiem mass will
lie *aid at St. Rose's Church on Friday, at
tU o'cloek. for the repose of the soul of the
latt? Ellsn Smlddy. Friends are invited to
attend.
STOCKMAX— In Calls-toga. Cal., February 15
VM)4, Jchn Milton, beloved husband of
Sophie K. Stockman, and stepfather of II.
D. and S. C. trkellenger and Mary D. Eng-
land, a native of Massachusetts, aged C3
yearn 10 months and 10 daya.
GyFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), st -10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 05 Caeelll avenue, off Douglass
street, between Eighteenth Rnd Nineteenth.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
THEOBALD— In Alamcda. February 17.
Susan, v.-ldow of tiie late George John Theo-
bald, and mother cf Robert W. Theobald a
native of England, aged 78 years 11 months
and 0 days.
ICTFrlendi are rewoectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral pervlees. Friday, February
li>. at 1 :30 oV!ock. at Christ Church, cor-
ner cf Santa Clara avenue and Grand street'
Alameda. Interment urlvatei
THORXDIKE— In Haywards, February 10
K»04. Fiances A., beloved wife of T II'
Thornd'.lte. and mother of Mrs William
I-awIer. T. B.. Allc*, Emma, Willie,
sr.d Herman Thorndike, and daughter of '
Mrs Marguerite Murphy, and ulster of E.
I>., D. J. and J. W. Murphy, a native of
Alvnrado, aged 42 yean? and 5 months.
ryFnends and acquaintance*) are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
nt 9 :r;o , o'clock, from her late residence!
thrnce »o All Saints' Church, whore a
requiem maw will be said. Interment Et
Joseph's Cemetery, Haywards.
TL'LLY— February Ki, i«04. Frank beloved
IKX S-4£... MrS ; E ' T . uIIy ' a natlve of Sa n Jose.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thureday). at 10 o'clock, from the' parlors'
cf Carew & English 29 Van Xess avenue I
Interment private. Kindly omit flower*
VAX VOORHIES— In Annapolis. Maryland
February 13 1904, Mrs. D. W Van Voor'
h . lc ?i~ daU , Ch ,V M "oP f ~, eh * latP A< lm«ral David
McDougal. II. S. N.. and si«ter of Mrs. \1-
bert !>• Breton of Washington, D.' C
C7"Funcral «enlc*s at Mountain View
Ceiueury, Oakland, Saturday morning Feb-
ruary 20, 1904. at half-oast eleven o'clock;
WARREX — In Los Angeles, February 16, I
1UCJ, Alta A., beloved daughter of C. i\ and '
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18. 1904.
Jfannette P. Warren, and sister of Mrs. Jes-
sie Luhorne. Mr*. Fannie B. Castul. Mrs.
Anna J. Crothers of Los Angeles and Homer
H., Edwin and Mary Warren, a native of
Illinois', aged 24 years.
•WHITLET— In this city. February 16, 1904,
Mattie Ilolbrook, beloved vrlfe of Gerald S.
■Whitley, and daughter of the late Henry C.
and Martha Hnlbrook, and ("later of Harry
Holbrook and Mrs. Tessle H. Field, a na-
tive of San Francisco, j aged 21 years <S
months and 5 days.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Thursday, February 18, at
1 :.*;0 o'clock, from the residence of G. T.
Whitley, 1157 Valencia street, between
Twerty-eecond and Twenty-third streets. In-
terment private.
WIXSLOW— In Manila, October 8. 1003, Dr.
lienry E. Winslcw, beloved husband of
France Robins Wlnslow, and con of Mrs.
Emily M. and the late H. K. Wlnslow. and
brother of li. J. Wmslow, Mrs. H. S. Daw-
tnn, Mrs. J. A. Kaler and Mrs. F. W. Law-
der. a native of Oakland. (Augusta, Me.,
papers please copy.)
WOERXER — In Sacramento. Cal.. February
17, 1904, Adoluh Woerner, beloved san of the
late i.'aviil and Carmen Woerner, and
brother cf Gust ave, Frederick. David, Louis,
Elizabeth. Charles, Henry, John, Carmellta
' and William Woerner and Mr*. D. C.
Sheerin, a native of Santa Clara, Cal., aged
i>7 years 3. months and 28 days.
JCTXoiice of funrral hereafter.
KKAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 17
Charles M. Sorensen to Hulda Sorensen. lot
on N line of Tost street, 54 \V ot Franklin,
\V 26 by N 137:0: gift.
Hulda and Bcrnhard Kambergcr to Hulda
Soren.«en iv.-ife of f.'harlrs M.). tame; $!0.
George M. and Florence Q. Perine to John
H. Dooley lot on \V lin«" of Lnguna street,
SO N of Lombard N .10 by W HO; $10.
Grace J. and H. M. A. Miller to Ellzabp'.h
A. Cafihman. lot on N line of Pago street,
122:0 W of Webster. W 27:« by N M7:6J $10.
Ferdinand Toklas' to I^eopold MtclMs. lot
on E line of Filhnore street, 27:6 N of Eddy,
N S2:H by E JCC; $10.
I^eopold ni:d Carrie Michels to Canle D.
Rodolph. same; 510. ;
Caroline II. and James A. Robinson to Sada
1). Cornwall, lot on S\V corner of Pacific and
Weh.'Ur streets. \V 104 by S .31:6; $10.
Estate of Horatio S. Gates and ICmma G.
Butler to Arg*lo J. Kossl. lot on N line of
1'ost street, l'J2:6 E of Stciner, E 27:6 by N
137:6; $10.
Francois and Hannah Marx to Henrt Marx,
lot en TV line of Flllnfiore street. 112:6 S of,
O'Farrell. S 25 by \V 87:6; $1.
Elizabeth, A. and D. A. Macdonald to Charlea
H. Rosrnthal. lot on S line- of McAllister
ureet. 102:6 W of Broderlck. W 43:9 by S
1:J7:6: $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Charles
C. Meussciorffer lot on \V line of Clayton
street. 17.". S of Frederick. S 25 by "W 100; $10.
Henry Hich t<nd J. H. Brunings ta Theresa
Urunings (wife of J. H.). lot on W line of
Clayton street 75 S of Hayes, S 50 by, W
1C6:3: $10.
Charles u Glick to John J and Nora Man-
Kan, lot en N line of McAllister street. 20*i:fl
\V of Paikcr avenue, W 25, N 93:6 NB
25. S S!4:4; $10.
Golden Kule M. B. and U Association to
Simon and KUzabeth T^lnehnn. lot on N line
of Twenty-second street 185 E of Noe, E
28 by N 114: $10.
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rheln to Joseph
G. and Mary M. Gallagher, lot on E3 line of
Valencia street (ifi:fl;n S of Twenty-fifth, S
32:.'! by K 117:0; $10.
Louiya Ix-lth to May R. Craigl*. lot on NE
corner of Twenty- sixth and Dolores streets,
N r,0 by E f25; $I<>
May "n. CYaiRfe to Harold JIcC. Wallace
H. and Peter W. Cralgle. same; $10.
Bridget Uiordan to John and Elizabeth F.
Rionian. lot on \V line of Maoon street, 137:6
N of CFarrell. W 103:1^ by S 22:6; also un
divided >4 of lot on B\V ccrner of Seventh ave- '
nuc and I- street, \V 1»h» by S 100, lot 120,
block 140, Central Park Homestead; gift.
C. T. Reli to William Nlcol. lot on W line
of Poweli street, f>.S:8 S of Washington, H
18:10 by W 80; also lot on R line of Green
street. tS:9 E or Hyde. E G8:l>. S 137:6. W
«7:C, N 51 :G, W 1-3, N 86, quitclaim deed;
If5.
Patrick and Mary McCarthy to Delia M.
Murray, lot on SK line of Shipley street, 91:8
SW of Fifth. SW 1C:S by SE 75; $10.
Charles S. Noyes and Nannie K. Jonps
(Noyea) to K. M. Galvln, lot on K line of Utah
Ftrert. 3CO .« of Yolo. .S 50 by K 100, and In
terest in estate of Charles G. Noyes: quitclaim
deed: Jl.
Drury and Sarah B. Melone to Georce A.
Merrill and Mary M. Miller (wife of Georga
B.t. rerecord 1»44 V. l'i>4, lot on NE corner
of Seventeenth street and San Bruno road. E
100 by N 1S5; also lot en HE corner of Six
teenth street and .San Bruno road, K 100 by S
IS"*: $10. . •
Frank R. nnd Pox>hfe Grannls to Mary H.
Smyth, lot on N line of I^ake street. 78 E or
Sixth avenue. N £4, E 41. S 84:8, W 30:8; $10.
P.ay Iiistrlct l.<in<l Company to Patrick and
Abbie O'Donnell, lot on NE corner of ThlrJ
averue and A street. E 32 :« by N 100: $10.
City Realty Comnany to Charles F. Beha,
lot on W line of Fourth avenue, 95 S of H
street, S 25 by W 12u: $10.
Same to Fusion J. Keller, lot on S line of
H street. 32 :« E of Fifth avenue, E 25 by
S !i5; $1<>.
.Same fo Matilda E. Moore. lot on E line of
Fifth avenue. C(i .« of Hugo. S 25 by E 95; $10.
II. J. and IZ M. Ooeth to Elizabeth A. Har
nish. lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue,
175 N of J street, N 25 by E 12O; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ernest C. Read,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 150 S of J
street, S 25 by E 120; $10. '
Estate of John P. Harrington by Union Trust
Company (executors) to William ,J. Gleason.
lot cm W line of Eighth avenue, 100 N of K
street. N 100 by W 11S1: $2700.
Thomas K. and Elizabeth H. Brophy to
Solcmon Getz. lot on W line of Tenth ave
nue. J7r. S of M street, s 25 l<y W 120: S10.
William J. Witts to same, lot on W line of
Eighth avenue. 225 N of O street. N 25 by W
120; $10.
J. W. Wright & Pom* Investment Company
to James \V. »in.l Mary McMeelien. lot on NE
line cf China avenue. 25 XW of Vienna street,
SW 23 by XK lOOt lot 5, blrck 53, Excelsior
llome.-tead: $10.
Michael an.l (Catherine A. McCann to Elisa
beth Rnthcrmel. lot on .SE corner of Sargent
anJ Ralston street?. E 75 by 6 100, lots 25 to
27. I lock is. City Land Association: also lot on
W lin? of Vcrnon street. 100 S of Sargent S
25 by W loo lot 33, block IS. same; also 'lot
on W line of Vernon j-treet, 100 N of Randolph,
N 25 by W 100. lot 4S. block 18. same; $10.
Felice and Maria Rancatore to Salvatore
Piazza, lot on E line of Manchester street 200
N or .«tcneman. N 12:H by E 80 lot 124, Pre
clta Valley; $1O.
Palvatore ami Ninfa I'lazr^i to Felice Ran
catore. lot on E line of Manchester street,
212:« N of Stoneman, N 12:8 by E SO lot 12J
I'reclta Valley; $10. '
Abraham and Charles Rosenstein to Leon
Schneider, lot on SW line of Son. Bruno road,
175 NW ot Burrows Htreet. NW 31 by SW VM,
block o, ITr.iverpity Mound: $10. .
Charles L. I'atton to City and County of San
Francisco, lot on W line of Andover street
200. 007 N of Crescent. W KK) by N 00.002; al&o
lot on W line of Andover street. 400 016 N of.
Crescent. W 100 by N C0.002: $1500
Ora C. Messner (by D. W. Coring and C. F
Rilliet. trustees) to Continental Building and
l>3an Association. HC>1 D. 142. lot on N line of
Txibos avenue. U40 E of Orizaba etreet E 25
by N 125, block O. Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation, trustees' deed; JSIfi.
Petra G. de Bargone to Charles A. Louis
undivided % of lots 125-1 to 1253, gift map 2;
Walter, Flora, G. D.. Frederic E. and Bell
M. Magec to C. M. Bertelsen. lot on S line of
Richland avenue, 410 W of Mission street W
?,0 by S 100. lots 4 and 5, block E, French
and Gilrnpn Tract; $10.
James H. and Sarah J. Thrane to Eliza
beth G. Pow (wife of A.), lot 22, block P, Park
I-i«ii<- Tract 5: $10.
William and Agnes G. Mann to Joseph H.
and Anna J. McLaughlin. lot on N line of
Fairmount street, 142 E of Chenery, E 30 by
N 125. block 18. Fairmount: $10/
Builders' Contracts.
Minerva S. Miller Cowner) with E. T. Leiter
architect Edgar A. Mathews All
work for a three-story frame building (fiats) on
NE corner of I^eavenworth and Sacramento
streets. E 137:0 by N 53; $37.000.,
John M. Vance (owner) with Pa'elflc Tin and
Sheet Iron Works (contractor), architect Na
thaniel Rlaisdell — Tinning and galvanzlcd Iron
work, leaders, skylights, ventilators, etc., for
an eight-story and basement brick building on
E line of Taylor street, 72:6 N of O'Farrell N
C5 by E 92:6; $1000.
Dr. Alfred Eichler (owner) with Bernard
Dreyer. contractor, architects Mahoney & Ry
land — All work for a two-story and basement
frame building- on the NW corner ot Nine
teenth and Eureka streets, — 83, N 25, J3 83,
S 25; $4555.
Same owner with Petterson & Persson (con
tractors), architect name — All work, except
grading, etc.. for same on same; $10,750.
I>ccturc nt Polycllnic.
The fourth lecture in the series be
inp delivered at the Emanu-El Poly
clinic was given last evening. Dr. D.
A. Stapler was the speaker and he
chose for his subject "How Our Body
Protects Us From Disease." The lec
ture was interesting, not only to the
professional, but to the layman, the
doctor showing throughout ' what ex
cellent provision nature has made to
protect the various organs and keep
them in a state of health. Next week
Dr.; Voorsanger will lecture on "A
Drop of Blood."
Pleads Guilty of Burglary.
Ray Morgan pleaded guilty to "a
charge of burglary in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday and will be sentenced
on Saturday. He entered the room of
R.* Gibbons, 209 Kearny street, on
New Year's eve and stole some cloth
ing.
MARINES GUARDING RAILWAY
AT ISTHMUS IN GOOD HEALTH
Captain Porter of Pacific Mail Company's Steamship City of
Panama Reports That of 1 400 iMen on Dutyv Ashore Only
Seven Have Contracted Fever, Which Formerly Affected Ail
The Pacific Mall Company's steam
ship City of Panama, Captain W. P.
S. Porter, arrived yesterday from Pan
ama and way ports. She brought TOO
tons of cargo, treasure valued at $25,000
and forty-two passengers. The cargo
included 1583 bags of coffee. The liner
encountered fine weather and reached
port c-n time. She was 22 days coming
from Panama.
Among the passengers was Ferdi
nand Servat, United States Consul at
Kcuador, who, with his wife, has come
home on a vacation. Sucn of the Pan
ama's passengers as crossed the isth
mus speak in glowing terms of the
splendid showing made by the United
States marines at present guarding th*-
Panama Railroad. Captain Porter says
that the sanitary problem of the isth
mus seems to- have been solved a3 far
as the marines' are concerned. Of the
1400 men on shore duty, only seven have
boen reported sick, and these are only
mildly affected with the low fevar from
which formerly few escaped.
There had been a striKe among the
dock laborers at San ' Jose, but the
Guatemala authorities regulated mat
ters by detailing a soldier to guard
each laborer and when the City of Pan
ama arrived there things were running
with some martial clatter, but
smoothly.
Passengers from New York say that
on the steamer City of Washington,
on which they traveled to Colon, flen
eral Silva Gondolphi, formerly Minis
ter of State of Venezuela, took pas
sage. The general was exiled to Paris
by the Blanco administration and is
going back, he says, to stir up x revo
lution. He claimed to have on board
the liner 8000 rifles, which he proposed
to land at Costa Rica and there equip
an army. Lieutenant Sweet of th>? navy
also traveled to Colon on t!u City ot
Washington. His mission w.i3 to equip
the warships on duty at the isthmus
with the Slavy-Arco system of wireless
telegraphy.
Mrs. M. G. Smith, wife of Captain
Smith of the bark Mauna A!a, which
was wrecked last July at Topo'.obampo,
returned on the Panama. Captain
Smith is still at Mazatlan, straighten
ing out the tangle resulting from the
wreck of his vessel.
The City of Panama's passengers in
cluded the following named: Ferdi
nand Servat and wife, Madeline Dii^
marest, Selina Holonquiest, Eugene
Tanke, Edmund M. Boothe, W. H.
O'Donnell, Marian Stephenson, H. S.
Avery, A. G. Stephens, Joseph J. Webb
and Mrs. M. Gertrude Smith.
The Southeaster's Harvest.
The recent southeaster, which brought the
rain that cheered the farmer, played havoc
with the eteam schooners engaged In the coast
trade. With the two vessels lost on Tuesday,
the record stands: Four schooners totally
wrecked, five coasters brought to port In dis
tress and minor damage to nearly every other
vessel that was out In the storm. Th« first
vessel wrecked was the steam schooner Fulton,
which broke from her moorings ofC Port Orford
on February 12 and was destroyed on the
beach. Two days later the Alcalde was driven
ashore and wrecked at Grays Harbor. Then
on Tuesday came word of the loss of the Gem
at Nehalem and the Emma Utter at Barclay
Sound. The Empire came out of the blast with
a twisted rudder head: the Acme lost 40,000
feet of lumber from her decUload and was
rolled repeatedly on her beam ends; the Lee
lanaw'a pilot house was smashed in, part of
her rail carried away and other damage In
flicted: the Prentlss broke her rudder stock
and was piloted to port with the aid of Jury
steering gear; the Newsboy had part of her
deckload washed away.
Slaking Another Long Trip.
The French bark La Bruy«re Is out S3 days
from Port Los Angeles for Portland and the
underwriters Interested In her are worrying
about the risks they have on the vessel. The
British ship Thistlcbank. which arrived at
Portland yesterday, left Port Los Angeles two
weeks ago, more than a fortnight after the
French vessel palled. La Bruyere made a
very \ong passage from Cherbourg *> Port Los
Angeles and a high rate of reinsurance was
paid on her.i The fact that the .winds prevail
ing since the overdue bark left the southern
port have been favorable for fast sailing adds
to the anxiety for her safety.
Wyefleld Smashes Wharf.
The steam collier Wyefleld. which arrived
yesterday, 4»i days from Nanaimo. with 4931
tons of coal, crashed into Mission-street wharf
No. 2 when going alongside the coal bunkers.
She damaged the dock and caved in '.he walls
of an office on the wharf.' . :
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Theodor,
SO per. cent: Robert Rickmers, IB per- cent;
"W. F. : Babcock and. Bangalore, 20 per cent,
and General llelllnet* 10 per cent.
Could Not Make Bandon. '
The schooner Bella, which left here January
SCHOONERS GEM AND EM
MA, WHICH WERE TOTAL
LY WRECKED TUESDAY.
23 for Bandon, arrived yesterday at Coos Bay.
having been prevented by the rough weather
from entering' the Coqullle River port.
Succeeds Commnnder Milton.
Lieutenant Commander J. B. Milton, United
States Navy, for the Twelfth Light
house District, has been ordered to the Asiatic
station. He will be relieved by Commander
W. P. Day, at present captain of the Mohican.
Chances In Commands.
Captain Guttormse'n has been appointed com
mander of the barkentine Mary Winkelmann
and Captain Lancaster Is now master of the
barkentine Archer.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner A. J. Wood loads lumber a%
Grays Harbor for Guaymas and the bark Tur
ner general cargo here for Hilo.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The barkentine W. H. Dimond sailed yes
terday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $57,784 and includ
ing the following: "75 bbla flour. 536 bales
hay, 223 etls oats. 15,115 lbs meals, 235 ctls
corn, 23/ctls wheat, 102« ctla barley, 6305 fbs
middlings, 7C92 lbs bran. 400 lbs teas, ."00
lbs coffee, 153 pkgs paste. 2000 lbn beans. 11.
250 lbs sugar, 518 cs canned goods, 54 cs
canned and 20 bbls pickled salmon, 22.15O lbs
salt, 22 pkgs groceries and provisions, 5477 lbs
bread, 25 cs whisky, 31 pkgs table prepara
tions. 22.50O lbs rice, 1480 lbs lard, 48i> lbs
chocolate, 34.403 ft lumber, 113 tons fertilizer,
255 cs coal oil, 40 kegs zinc, 10 cs drugs,
55 pkgs paper. 1170 lb? starch. C3 pkgs ma
chinery, 123 bxs soap, 17 pkgs dry goods.
Shipping* Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, February 16.
Stmr Whlttler, Macdonald, 64 hours from
Portland.
Stmr Corona, Nowuider, 13 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Jeanle, Downing, £»V6 days from Se
attle. '•- -
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, 4\$ days • from
Nanaimo.
Stmr City 'of Panama, Porter. 21 days and
20 hours from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days
and 22 hours.
. Stmr Centralla, Erickson, 44 hours from
San Pedrc.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola, /( days from
Eureka.
Schr Zarnpa, Kallenbtrg, 11 days from Co
lumbia River.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. February 16.
Bktn W II Dimond. Hansen, Honolulu; J
D Sprtckels & Bros Co. -
Br shlo General Roberts, Murdock, Sydney;
J 3 Moore &. Co.
Stmr Stntn of California. Thonia*. San Di
ego; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
SAILED.
?/■•■>'-•. Wednesday, February 16.
Stmr laaua. Jorgensen, Eureka.
Stmr Oregon, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood, Thompson, Albion.
Bktn W II Dimond, Hansen. Honolulu.
Schr Laura Madssn. Cook. Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
I POINT LOBOS. Feb 17. 10 p tn— Weather
hazy; wind r.orthwesti- velocity 8 miles per
hour. ->.<-'.
SPOKEN.
Jan 23—15 S. 36 W. Br shlo Scottish Hills,
from Hamburg, for Honolulu. - .
Feb 2 — On equator, iil W, Nor bark Vivax,
from Eureka, for Queenstown: becalmed: was
supplied with provisions.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Salltd Feb 16 — Stmr Bertha, for
Valdez. -
Arrived Feb 16 — Br ship Barcore, from Ant
werp.
Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Melville Dollar,
hence Feb 13.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 17— Br
■hip Edenmore. hence F*b 7.
REDONDO — Arrived Feb 17— Stmr South
Bay, from Eureka. *
TATOOSH— Passed In F«b 17— Schr C S
Holmes, from San Pedro, for Tacoma; strar
City of Puebla. hence Feb 15. for Victoria.
Passed In Feb 17 — Schr Spokane, hence Feb
1. for Port Gamble: bktn John Smith, from
Santa Rosalia, for Port Townsend.
:. PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 15— Schr
Ludlow, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 17— Br snip Thistle
bank, from Port I<oh Angeles. . '
; FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Bruns*
wick, for San ■ Francisco.
v SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 17— Scbr Wa
wona, from Son Pedro. .
CLALLAM— Anchored In bay Feb- 17— Shin
Spartan, from Belllnghnm Bay, for San Fran
cisco. . . ,
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Bella
hence Jan 8; sehr Ivy. hence Feb 10.
JUNElAU— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Valencia,
for S-rattl".
PORT I.OS ANGEL.ES— Arrived Feb 16—
Stmr Brooklyn, hence Feb 14; schr Albert
Meyer, hence Feb 5.
failed Feb IT — Stmr Brooklyn, for San Pe
dro: Aus shlD Francesco Gluseppi I. for
Orrgnn.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 17— Schr
Dauntless, for Pan Pedro.
Arrived Feb 17— Schr Falcon, from Pan Te
dro; hktn Jchn Smith, from Panta Uosalla,
for Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Sailed. Feb 17— Stmr Arctic, for
San Frp.n c-isco. w
Arrived F"b 17— -Stmr Pomona, hence Feb 16.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Falcon,
from San Pedro: bktn Wrestler, from Santa
Rosalia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOI-UIX- Sailed Feb fC— Stmr Sierra,
fJr San Francisco: Br stmr Miowera. for Van
couver.
Arrived Feb 16— Br jsMd Clan Buchanan,
from Bremen.
EASTERN PORTS.
N7W YORK— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr City of
Washington, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
WALMER— Passed in Feb 13 — Ger ship
Nauarchos, from Oregon.
HONGKONG — Arrived Feb 16— Stmr M S
Dollar, from Samarang.
ANTWERP— In oort Feb 4— Fr baric Bri
zeux. for Oregcn. .
QCEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 17— Br ship
Queen Victoria, hence Oct 6.
, DOVER— Parsed Feb IT— Fr bark Anjou.
from Falrooutb, for .
L.ADYSM1TH— Arrived Feb 17 — ShlD W H
Macy, heat* Jan 30.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Fur
neisia. from Glasgo-r.
Sailed Feb 17— fetmr Celtic, from Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Perugia,
from New York.
ANTWERP — Arrived Feb 17 — Stmr Finland,
from New York. • -*■•
QITEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Sa
monia. from Liverpool, for Boston.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 17— Stmrs Minne
haha. from N<?w York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr Oce
anic, trom New York. _ <.
Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Majestic, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived' Feb 17— Stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver, via Yoko
hama, Kobe, Nagasaki and Shanghai.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE^
Steamer, i From. | Due.
Laktre ! San Pedro.. IFe b - ls
Bel Norte Crescent City ;Peb. IS !
Arctic Humboldt 'Feb. 18;
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.iFeb. 13
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. ArenalFetf. 13
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.JFeb. JS
North Fork.. Humbcldt | Feb. 18
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IFeb. Id
S. Monica | San Pedro |Feb. 18
San Pedro... Grays Harbor \Vib. 20
F. Leggett. . . I Seattle [Feb. 20
Pomona [ Huruboldt Feb. 20
San Mateo Tacoma IFeb. 2O
Tellus ! Oyster Harbor |Feb. 21
Eureka | Humboldt |Feb. 21
Queen : Piiget Sound Ports [Feb. 21
Algoa i Hongkong v. YokohamaJFcb. 21
Centennial... ! Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 21
G. Llndauer. . j Portland |Feb. 21'
Alliance Portland * Way Ports. IFeb. 21
Anata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford,|Feb. 22
Clavering | Hongkng v. VanzanlllojFcb. 22
Anubls : Hamburg & Way PortslFeb. 22
Sierra ! Sydney & Way Ports. .(Feb. 22
Santa Cruz.. . j Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 22
State of Cal.. j fan D1»go * Way Pts.lFeb. 22
Chehalls : Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Corona j Humboldt Reb 23
Ponio 1 Point Arena & Albion.. Feb! 23
Senuols Grays Harbor IFeb. 23
Corcnado Gray? Harbor IFeb* 23
Acapulco New York via Panama. I Feb! 24
Memphis Seattle •. IFeb 24
Oregon I Portland & Astoria IFeb! 24
Doric — - China & Japan IFeb "(J
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports IFeb 2»5
Curacao Mexican Port3 IFeb. 27
Jeanle... '.Seattle & Tacoma |Feb! 2S
TO SAIL. ' ~~^ ~
Steamer. Destination. I Salla.l Pier.
rebrnary 18. i "
Chico Coquille River 8 Dm'pirr 9
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Per
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm P ler
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Czarina.... Ccos Bay direct.. B pm Pie? s
Kureka Humboldt fl .„ p," .?.
1'omo Pt. Arena & Albion « p£ p *J! 2
State Cal... Fan Diego & Way. 9 am Per 11
JeanJe Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm P er "O
February. 19. " v
S. Monica . . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pl er 2
Nevadan.... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pm Pier ">^
Rainier Seattle & Whatcm 4 pin Pier m
B. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Per •
<-««"»» Humboldt : 1 :S §™ f, £ 5
February 20.
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier •>
ssfeg s&sai . Pan . ama - !? Isilg «$
retoruaryaiii | r "
N°orth B Foru! ffiffiS? * ?£ % SET k
8. Rosa...,, s., .Diego *wkV: 0 S ffi? g I
February 23. 1 " I
Pomona Humholdt .. i.m.L.
asp £3 1 ?r-£F% >
February 24. | er 16
Arc.a...... Co^ 0ampiepi3
?S;«r Sssa *. *"••/■• am \pr "
Queen. . . . . . Puget Sound Port's", li' am pit , ~ n
ie h ruo«a!!::! ssa s^t£ is sr k
Co^do... Cnj-Hjjcj I! tffleHS
$*ft£ «»- g « W 24
Memphis.. ..Hamburg &™™'.] 1 ! £$£ «
- "- FROM SEATTLE. ~~ ~
Steamer. «•__ " — — ■
_ For - Sails.
ANKl Svaf w»t * 5-* y E ort8 - 2^
Binmwiffri "• - 3
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO And-- 48; 2<X>Ophir 4 JKJ
4ro Andes 47 ; 2flO Overman .... 29
."CO Caledonia ... 87 1 600 Savage *♦
ino Challenge Con 24 2f^) Sierra Ner .. »•
.W> con C & Va.l 65 4(i> Sierra Nev- .. 5'.
UK> Con Imperial. 02 2fiO Silver Hill •• wj
10() GouM * Cur." 42 1 .V)O Silver Hill .. «•
»«> Mexican 2 10, ICO Union Con .. *•'
B30 Ophlr 4 85) 2C«> Unton Con ..
ICO Ophlr 4 SOj 2C0 Vnlon Con ••.,_•*
Afternoon Session.
.^10 Andes 4R 1 CO Occidental ... 8»
4(1> Andes 4.-.J 4W> Ophlr * W
loo Belcher "2: 20O Scorpion «•
4((O Caledonia ... 0oi 10«> Sierra Nev .. JW
10«) Challenge Con 24 1 40«> Sierra Nev .. .» t
2C0 Con C & Va.l 7.\ 4CO Inion Con .. 8«
100 Con XT 04 Union Con .. S«
r>cO Gould & Cur. 44 200 Yellow. Jacket 4o
7C0 Mexican 2 00
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the cales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
10f» Andes 45 W> Ophlr 4 «
.W) Belcher 31 100 Ophir 4 70
100 Caledonia ... W 2i:0 Overman .... 2S
i'OO Chollar -I M0 Savage 4."S
400 Con C & Va.l 7" 100 Savage 4fi
400 Con C * Va.l 65 200 Savage 47
2C0 Con C & V.I C2»i ICO Savage 4<*
1 00 Gould & Cur.- 4S 4Dt> Peg Belcher.. </7
10O Mexican 2 25 «0O Sierra Nev .. «>
300 Mexican 2 15 400 Sierra Nev .. 5f»
iOO Mexican 2 10 200 Sierra Xev .. JW
100 Mexican 2 20, 20<> Tnion Con .. !*»
2C0 Mexican ...2 124: 2C0 Union Con .. S*
ino Mexican SOS ftno T'nion Con .. to
10O Mexican 2 CO 100 t'n!an Con .. S*
300 Mexican 1 J>5 ! 10O Union Con .. S«
30O Mexican ...197Vi 10.A Utah 21
100 Mexican ...1»2V ?.m Utah 2f>
ICO Ophlr 4 85 Sr.O Tellow Jacket 45
100 Ophir i SO
Afternoon Sesulon.
200 Alpha Con .. 07| 10O Mexican 2 03
1100 AJides 46! r20O Ophlr 4 05
2CO Cale<loni* ...itOi ,".00 Overman .... 30
100 Chollar 20; 2CO Overman .... 31
SCO Con C & Va.l 70. ICO Overman .... X2
100 Con C * Va.l 73 WO Overman .... XI
lfiO Con N T »l! 10O Savag» 4»
4C0 Con NT 0::' SCO Savage 4!>
100 Exchequer ... 14 1 40O Sierra Nev .. 57
700 Gctild * Cur. 44; «V) Union Con . . «7
.100 Gould & Cur. 45- 20O t;n1on Con . . »*
100 Mexican 1 90| 2ii<» Tellow Jacket *"•
650 Mexican 2 CO! 2(K) Yellow Jack-t 47
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were tfce sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining F/xcharg» yesterda7:
Morning Session. , ''■
400 Evelyn 23j 4<h> MacNamara . I s *
100 Evelyn 2GJ 400 Rescue os
l'.iO Evelyn 27 200 Ten B^lmont. 6t
SCO Con Mercury. 58 1
Afternoon Session.
70O Brunswick ... 06 ieCO Rescue C3
500 Evelyn 3^ 40O Ton Belmont. RT
MK) LJghtner 3 25| 2CO Ton Belmcnt. en
6C0 MacNamara . 19 SCO Ton Midway. 4t
ICO Mont Ton ..t 40 ir.fi Ton Midway. 40
225 Paymaster ... 11! 100 Ton of Nev. 6 12 U
402 Pennsylvania 7 CO 1 COO Ton N Star.. 33
5C0 Ray & OBrien 10:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY. Feb. 17 — 4 r». ra.
Bid. Ask. I B14.A-i!r.
Alpha 06 CS! Justice C« c*
Alta 05 MJKentuck 03 C4
•Andes 4."J 45, Keyes Graes.. — 1 7">
Belcher 32 B: Lady Wash.. — f>7
Best & Belch.2 .'rf> 2 €0; Mexican 1 SO 2 TO
Bullion 10 111 Occidental ... S3 9"
Caledonia ... OS 1 no Ophlr- 4 00 4 «.'.
Challenge Con 23 25 Overman 33 .1*
Chollar in 2iiPotosI 15 1«
Confidence ...t 00 1 ID Savage SO 51
Con C & Va.t 75 1 so| Scorpion 02 04
Con Imperial. 02 C": S*g Belcher.. M CO
Con NY 04 OSj Sierra Nev .. M .V.
Crown Point.. 21 2T Silver Hill .. OT 70
Kast Sierra X — ffi; St Louis .... — 11
Fnreka Con.. — BO; Syndicate ... 04 OS
Exchequer ... 13 15 Union Con .. W Sf,
'Sould & Cur. 44 45iUtah 2O 21
Hale & NDrc. «o t>5 Yellow Jacket 47 4S
Julia 03 CV
TOXOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 17, Ray & OBrien — f.9
E3reran:a ... — 01 1 Rescue ...... 07 c<»
Gipsy Que»n.. — JO, Ton Belmont. CO --
Gold Anchor. 15 CV Ton & Cal.. — :o
Gold M Con.. — 0<<fTon Exten ..70 —
Hanrapaii ... — 20 ; Ton Fraction. — 4".
Hannapah Sla — 25. Ton or Nev.6 CO « S7',
MacNamara . 17 1S| Ton N Star.. 3« 3?
Mizpah Exten 1O — 1 Ton Midway. 40 f-
Mont Ton..l .".7ii 1 4O|Ton A S Laku 10
N Y Ton — 03 Ton • Superior. — ""IS
Paymaster ... rw 12 h;nlted Ton.. 03 ' 12
Ray Exten .. — 1.9' West End ..25 —
Donkey Was a Bad Actor.
Justice of the Peace Lanrson gave
judgment yesterday for $22 50 in favor
of George H. Davis, manager of th^
Central Theater, who sued Solomon
Barnett to recover money on c con
tract. The testimony showed that Da
vis bought some dogs and a % uonkey
from Barnett to be used in a road pro
duction of "Uncle Tom'3 Cabin." It
was agreed that Barnett was to buy
back the animals at the end ot the
season at 50 cents on the dollar. The
evidence disclosed that the donkey
was a bad actor, often refusing to jjr>
on in his scene and then eating the
green foliage of the scenery when he
was induced to appear before the foot
lights.
Raises Qnestion of Profits.
Charles F. Miller was arrested yes
terday on a warrant from Pollc*
Judge Fritz's court charging him with
obtaining money by false pretenses.
The complaining: witness is John
Lentz, 717 Howard street, who al
leges that on January 13 he paid Mil
ler S100 for a share in a business
known as the German English Rem
edy Company on Miller's representa
tion that the net profits' were from $50
to $)00 per month, but Lentz found
that the business was not yielding any
profit at all.
Talks on Ufe's Phenomena.
A very interesting lecture was given
at the First Unitarian Church last
night by Professor W. J. V. Oster
hout, who took as his subject "Some
Problems of Life Phenomena." Th«
lecture was given under the auspices
of the Channing Auxiliary and at its
close the speaker was warmly con
gratulated for the able manner in
which he had handled his subject.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hi*h and low waters eccur at
the city front fMisslon-street wharf) about "5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heicht
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRTJAF>Y 13~ "
Sun rUes ;• R .-,,,
Sun aeta «:,,
Moon »et» 8:62'V. m.
? s I s Ft . p- Ft p- s
IS Ties 4.8! «:2.-: 2.2112:30 4.7! 6'4«i 0 7
19 1:30 4.» 7:0S 2.0l 1:10 4 5 7 : l5 "•
•JO l:5« Jl.0 7;51 1.8j 1:50 43 7 : 53 1.5
21 2.:24 ».O S:Xi 1J »:4« 4 1 k : 3"\ \u
22 .1:00 5.1 1 9:3S 1.4! Ti:RO •> »\ »|« A™
23 I 3:47| 5.1|10:40| l.ij r»:10[ 5!6U0:17| Z*
NOTE— In the above «xpositlon of the tides
.« ?L ~, and . the RU «e'slve tides of'th*
tnZrtS ti Crd r r Of occuppen <*> a» to time: th«
d«v «elf c ° lum " « lv « the last tldff of th«
•mnVti^ , V% hen th^ * rc but threo tide*, as
»?wm™ t"«^ CUn> - P* he| Shts Riven are In
«^n n«e.\ y ' XCept When • m «nUS (->
SSn P i^ k. . eight ' and then tlie number
of the w.J? e Plan * of rcf erenc« Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Ofttce r. 8 7T M»r
buTldMj'wa 5*' 1 0! \ th * tOWer Of th « Fe "^
buildlnK was dropped exactly at noon to-day
o m* rU«. K f .! h " 12Oth m«ldian. or at i
P. m. Greenwich time. j c. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. a. N.. | n " chari*.
Fulton May Be Saved.
DaVcheTfrn; ? ray , & c °- received two d!s
the ,t?am . V Lanslo ' !l >-«terday statlnr tfat
la"t*TW«4 chocn «- Fultcn. which «mt ubm«
clou]? i7^! ' S ,^ t l ndln * u^ «t™l«ht. Th.
to Hoa? htr J »k lth her and h °P c " to *• ■""•
to noat her at the next unusually hi^H U4«.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE, MARKETS.
S- reports agitate the bourses,
luropcan Governments generally lower.
Stocks lower on the day. Cotton firmer.
ri*ics in slack demand and uninteresting:
-■•-•- ■
s on nczus of fighting in the Balkans,
exchange as previously quoted.
-ts, Corn and Rye steadily held, but quiet.
Hay unaffected by the recent rains. Feedstuff s steady.
Lima Bean districts get a little rain.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Eggs' continue large.
Japanese seizing American Beef bought by -Russia.
Hops in rather light receipt and firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game unchanged.
Light jobbing trade in Citrus Fruits.
WAR, FIRE AND MONEY.
Hmj Wall Street Regards the
Current Sensations.
The New York circular of Henry Clews
r ay* :
"Wall street has proved its eounfln*s» by
the su>ut resistence offered to a quick suc
<v»s?ion of severe shocks, the like of whlrh
have not been previously experienced. Th«
outbreak of war. the Baltimore fir* and the col
lapse in cotton speculation, to Bay nothing of
li^avy new railroad borrowings, combined to
put a strain upon the monetary situation that
would have wrought disaster had the financial
fabric disclosed any weak points of import
ance. The fact, however, that our market
yielded only a couple of points under such
an avalanche of unfavorable news and quick
ly reacted afterward is highly reassuring, and
<J»n.ons;i.-itet anew the beneSclal ejects of
our heavy liquidation in 19U3. Had these ad
verse *lnn*r.t* happened a ypar apo they would
have rr^-cipitatwl a rar.ie. whereas now they
have but a transient effect and have afforded
a most satisfactory test.
"The war, of course, temporarily over
s-hadowi ail other influences. Thu* far none
• f the world's money markets has seriously
!>H the war, the worst effect falling upon
Paris, where Russian bonds are largely held.
It has been estimated that France holds not
l*cs than $l,2OH,4kiu.O<JO of Rurslan bonds, so
that llusFla's char.ces of increasing her bor
rowlnt* from hf-r !>p?t friend on cood terms
are net very brilliant.
. FIRE AND COTTON MARKET.
"The Baltimore fire will not be a serious
stock tparket influence. The best estimates
are that the lossf-s to Insurance companies
will fall below $50,000,000. a considerable
ijortinn ct which must be paid by foreign com
panies. Tbese losses will, rnoreo%'«r, be paid
t.- ..: ::-.'.iy. in many cawn cut of surplus fun>1s
■ or by temporary loans. po that no great
craount of securities will be forced for sale
to ray losae?, which fall chiefly upon strong
companies efcle to meet all these obligations
without difficulty.
•"Another disturbing feature was the long
reared collapse of the speculation in cotton. Th*
Government report on cotton ginned. Issued on
Tuesday, proved conclusively that the bull
cnmr>a:£n on cotton had been conducted on
niistaken calculations as to the crop. Seme
of tbe bull leaoers had predicted a yield aa
low as fi.SufJ.OCO bales, while the Government
report hhowed fl,4b5.<s<X> commercial bales gin
ned MP to January 15, with a considerable por
tion of the crop yet to be heard from. This
information quickly destroyed the extreme
>iJort crop theories and frinas!}' imjiairfd, if
not ended, the bull campaign. In this quar
ter thrre has lyt-t.n no actual destruction of
property, but simply a Iosf of pai^r profits
and a more or less vio'.ent shifting of wealth
from cne claw of operators to another. Thus
far no serious troubles have followed the
break, which will be felt with most severity
<n ti?e South. *• •
■ KAILROAD BORROWINGS.
•"There i* Jui=t one ether feature which in
£uces caution and that is the extraordinary
borrowings ot big railroad and other corpora
tions, chiefly tbe railroads. Within the last
few w*-ek» over $2u0,OUO.W0 of notes, bonds
and other . obligations have been placed on
the market and more are likely to follow.
The treat bulk of those commitments axe of
a r.rtt-class character, but they are turning
floating ca;>itaJ Into fixed capital at a rate
ihat i? carried much farther will necessitate a
halt. Good investments will undoubtedly
crowd tboce of a lower grade, and this mass
< : r*-\» < reaxlooa will not be Jet- med a bull ar
f""»"'J particularly with th« loan account of
the aesw>e;att-d banks star.dini above th» 101)0
milltor. mark. No doubt much of the re
cistcnor shown by the market this week, was
owing to the support of powerful bankers, who
have undertaker: to float thf-iw new obliga
tions. Of course many of our railroad corpora
tions are dri\ - en to these enormous outlays
in ordt-r to m«=*t urgent traffic demands, so
that the investments may be considered both
necessary and sound; still. If the eupply of
f-wh securities prove greater than demand,
values nvjst be expected to suffer accordingly.
"Mon^T still ar;*-ar5 to he f-asy, but it will
be prudi r.t to await the effects of all these un
usual demands, which will certainly interfere
vith anr extended bull campaign. Speculation
will have to wait until more necessary require
ments are satisfied. As said before, the situa
tion is sour.d an.i promising, but It Is. a good
time to move cautiously. The Northern Se
curities case is still hanging over -the mar- '
k*». and. though an unfavorable decision to
the conif.ary would cau*e no fur-pris*, it would
probably necessitate fome very extensive
Mil'ttnr of plans among th« big owners of
reilrc*d properties/^
A Ne7V War Condition.
A new. war condition was cprang on the
w-wld yesterday. The dispatches announced
thit iS.OW Albeclaa troops, risen in rtvolt,
had *-ncountere<J and routed with great
.-iaurMer a body 'it .Turkish troops. This
ra'.ifd - general excitement en the Paris and
flu till bourses and on the London Stock Ex
«-han»re. English consols declined, Turkish
hoods were lower In all European markets and
Huiparian securities were unsalable. Russian
:F«.jr-s declined *». but Japanese securities were
unchansed. American BtocV* were dull in
I»r.(!on and Wall-street stoAs declined. . Cot
ton alor,e was firm. The record of this great
ptar.ls for a year past has been in direct op
iK-.yition to the course of all rpeculative mar
kets When rtoeks in Wall street were In
flated and booming cotton drac^d persistently
Jr.r a long time; now that Ftorks are low and
the world » fwcurities are weakening ell along
tbe Hoe cotton turns firm.
Weather Report.
'120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. IT— 3 p. m.
The following are the eeasonal rainfalls to
date a» compared with those of same date last
Ftaran axd rainfalls in la.«t twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hoor*. ■?*»£>• •**?°P-
Kureka w :tJ02 4O '°
Red Bluff °0 ifi.'T 17.51
"acramento ..: 00 908. 11.2*
San -nmci-co 00 1124 1J..4S
,nle^.d;-ncv::::::: :oo i.2« i.m
Kan Lula Obiapo 00 C.42 11.85
Lea Angeles 10 2.^0 *..>■>
fan P>e*o 1« 1« 3 8Oj
£ THE COAST RECORD. ,
STATION. £ ][{jj ;.|| |§ ?" »
Farailon 30 05 K5 48 I*W Oear /»
Haker :«» 24 .T8 20 HE Clear A©?
'•arson 30.OU 44 28 NW Clear .01
1 ureka ."W.08 £2 30 N Clear .00
Pre«M 30.^/2 M 38 NW Pt.Cldr -00
Point Reye-... 30.O1 zq 43 w CTear .O0
Pwau-llo .... .30.26 34 28 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.02 S2 3« NW Ooudy .00
1»» Anrelee. . ..'tft.W «4 50 W Cloudy .00
Mt Tam«lpaia.30«»4 47 85 K "0"^ -J^
Phoenix 29.R4 C2 48 W Pt.Cldy .02
iv.rtland .30.10 52 38 B Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 30.02 &8 33 N Clear .00
n*fburg 30.06 &4 23. 8W Clear .02
Pacramento ....^..02 5*5 40 NW Cloudy .00
t-alt Lake 30.24 32 24 NW Clear .20
Rhu Kranci»co.30.'»« B« 44 N Ft.CIdy .00
K. L. ObiKpo...29.9* |52 24 N Clear .00
Kan DW-ro 2!».9« M M SW Cloudy .14
battle?. 30.08 50 34 S ' Pt.Cldy -Ofl
Snnkane 30.22 40 24 SB Clear .00
T«t«*h 2».«+ 44 3S H Cloudy .14
Walla Walla .W.I* W> "4 NW Clear .00
Utnoemucca . .3O.J« 42 24 NE Clear .00
Yutna 2!»M 74 48 N Pt.Ody .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rreseure bw risen rapidly over tht ,
intermountaln section during the pa*t twenty
four hours.
Cloudy weather prevails in Southern Califor
nia, but elsewhere the weather I* clear.
There has been but little change In tempera
ture on the Pacifl- Slope. In th« great valley
conditions are about normal.
The followinc river reports have been re
ceived: Red Bluff. 17.0 feet falling: Marys
vlll* 17.« failing; Sacramento 21. G rising.
Fort-cast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 1?:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
northeart winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; light
southwest wind*.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day; light northeast winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
Nnv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — Close— Money on
call, easy; l l i<y2 \*r cent; dosing bid. 1%;
offered 1% ptr cent. Time loans, easier; sixty
I day?, :t%«j4 per cer.t; ninety days. 3%Q4 per
cent; six months. 4©4 I .4 1-r cent.
Prime mercantile j>aj>er— 4»<&5 per cent.
I Sterling exchange — Firm, with actual busl
! ness In tankers" Mils at $l.CT70';j 4.8573 for Oe
roand and at $-».SU7«!''«-».b2 1 <i> for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates— $4 y.i^^ii 84 and $4 Sti'/j.
Commercial bills— $4 B2HG* fc -'i-
I Bar silver— r.y%c.
Mexican dollar* — iC^c.
Government bor.ds— Steady; railroad bonds,
i heavy-
AVh; York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17. — The frequenters of
th.e Stock Exchange changed their position In
the stock rcarket and sold stocks, in contrast
to the buying of yesterday. Or, rather, the
party which bought yesterday had not courage
to continue their operations, while their oppo
nents, who had Fold at the advance yesterday,
saw a profit in offering and proceeded accord
j lnsly. They had rather more success in main
1 tair.ing the declines to the end of the day than
! did the luills yesterday in holding the ad
] vancep. The extreme dullness of the market
! and th? poignant coinpiaints of all commifi
| slon houses of lack of cufficlent business to
! pay olfice expenses warrant the assumption
that operations are exclusively In professional
hards. While various nev.-s items of the day
are offered to explain the varying movement of
prices it Is clear that the movements represent
the. ideas of professional traders as to the
change tn values resulting: from occurrences
rather than actual transactions In liquidation
! or investment. Some effect on stocks wa?
1 fToducf-d by the whispers cent around that the
heavy drop in cotton and consequent specula
tive lofst-s were frolnff to result In financial
troubles. Th*-s<> rumors were without verifica
tion. The difficulties of gome of the insurance
companies involved in the Raltlmore fire
awaker.e attention to the possible aftermath of
that calamity. Germany contributed a story
that th<» Russian Government was taking a
tUil attitude toward the Uritish Government
rc-Rarding the expedition Into Thibet and for
eign stock markets seemed to be moved by
n«*ns of an Albanian revolt. Whatever share
these various Incidents may have had in the
day's decline It was obvious that many oper
ators xvere prompted mainly by the considera
tion that yesterday's attempt to lift prices
had prave/S abortive, so that a movement down
ward wr.s most available.
The bond market was very dull and heavy.
Total sales, $1. 240, 000.
United ftates bonilr w*r» unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Kales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 17.200 <;7=?<i 1X% 67
Atchison pfd «OO S9i.i S9 S0>,4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 10.400 77V4 70% 76Vi
Bait & Ohio pfd ;. 85V4
Canadian Pacific. .. I.CnjO llti»4 ll«?i 116%
Cent of New Jerwy 155
Ch*s & Ohio 400 3214 '31% 31 14
Chicago & Alton.. 400 36Vi "«^s •"•<>
Chic & Alton pfd 82H
Chicago & Gt West 3uO 15»i -I5S 15»i
Chicago & N W 1<J2
Chic. Mil & St Paul 21.000 140% 139% 140
C. M & St P pfd 170
Oilc T & Trans. . . 100 10 10 0%
Chi TAT pfd 100 19% 19ft iau,
C, C, C & St L.. 71k
Colo -Southern 100 16U 1CV4 16
Colo South let pfd 53
Colo South 2d pfd 23
Del & Hudson 700 160 151>*i 109»i
Del. Lack & West 200
Den & Rio Grande. 2C0 20 20 20
D & li G pfd 1<X» «7% 07% 08
Erie 33,100 25% 24U 24%
Erie let pfd 3.800 «3% «3 C3%
Erio £d pfd 2,000 42^4 41V4 41 14
Hocking Valley 72^
Hocking Val pfd Sl'i
Illinois. Central ... »00 12S 127*; 127U
Iowa Central 300 18 174 17%
Iowa Central pfd 36
Kan City Fouth 18
K C Southern pfd 34-
Louisv & Nash 1.800 104% 1(3% lf«'-4
Manhattan L 500 142V4 142 142^
Met Securities SSli
Mftropol Str«t Ry 1,000 118 117*4 117^
Minn & St Louis.. 100 C5 65 61
Minn., Ft. P. &
Sault Ft M 700 C3% C2»4 62%
Minn. Pt P & . •' *
St M pfd 120
Missouri Pacific... 3.20O 90 89 89>4
Mis, Kan & Texas 200 1C»J 1C»4 1C%
M. K & T pfd.... 100 36*4 3G14 36%
Nat R R of Mexpfd 37',4
New York Central. 4,400 114% 114Vb 114%
Norfolk & Wwrtern 57>j
Nor & W«!t pfd 08
zsttsss* ££ U *>* log
Pennsylvania 49.000 114% 113% 114%
P, C C 4 Et Louis 60
Reading 7.7CO 42* 41% 42
Reading 1st pfd... 100 80 80 79>£
Reading 2d pfd ■• 5<Hi
Rock Island 5.500 2214 21 T4 22»,i
Rock Island pfd.. 200 Cl til Cl
Ft L A S L 2d pfd 43',s
Rt Louis S W 100 14»4 14Vi 14
St Louis K W pfd. 32%
Southern Paclflc .. 9.100 40% 45% 4GU
Southern Railway.. 1.000 20% 20 20
South Railway pfd. 1,400 82 81 . 80-r*
Texas A Pacific... 900 23 22?i 22'/..
Tol St L A West •••• 23'4
T St L A W pfd.. 300 34 34 .Wji
Union Pacific 11.700 77% 771& 7.%
Union Paclflc pfd. 100 88% K9Vj . 89Vi
Wabash 100 18% 18% 18"4
Wabash pfd 1.300 25% S5V» 35'i
Wheel A Lake Erie 1*
Wisconsin Central .••■ •••• ]*\\
Wisconsin Cen pfd. . SOO 42% 41% 4114
Expres* Companies —
AnfeT'can ":::::.::: "i66 i»% x»o% |oo
United States 1%
Wells-Fargo - 10
Amalgam ToppTr.. C8.B00 4914 48 48*
Am Car & Xcund.. 200 10% 10*i 10^
Arne^Cofton" Oil:! "266 29% 29% 29%
Am Cotton Oil pfd. 88
American &*••;• ,f
American Ice pfd 31
Amer Linseed Oil 0%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 27
Amer Lo-omotlve.. 2,800 22% 22% 22%
Amer Loco pfd.. «8%
Am Frnclt & Ref «
Am S & Ref pM.. 100. 91 91 91
\rncr Fugar Ref... 4,100 125% 124% 125.
$£. C >£ d Kaf Trans'. 34,466 43% ii% 42%
Tolo Ku"l * !««•• 10 ° 31^ 3t % Sl
Consolidated Gas... 2,200 19* ',4 192% 193
£c™ Produrt* 300 1814. 18 \*\
p orn Products pfd • 70 •
DtSjHcrf Se«.... !<*> 24 24 23%
G«.eraJ Electric... 100 160 ICC 1«5%
International Paper IJ'/a
InUrntl Paper pfd <"«
-International Pump ..... .... .... M
Interntl Pump pfd. ...V. •-•; .••; «1%
National Lead 100 15% 15% 15
North American... ■ 200 W% 85% 84
Pacific Maii •• 300 ZiYt **■ » ** •
rcc P le%G« 8 ....... 300 V9; 8S% OStf
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1901
Pressed Steel Car 29V4
Pressed S Car pfd tiOVi
Pullman Palace Car 210
Republic Steel 1 200 7% 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd 44Va
Rubber Goods 300 19% 19% 19%
Rubber Goods pfd 75
Tcnn Coa.1 & Iron.. 300 37 36% 30%
U S^Leather 100 '7 7 7
U S Leather pfd... 200 77 76% 70%
U 8 Really TV*
U S Realty pfd.... 1,000 54 63 63%
US Rubber 200 12% 12 12
U S Rubber pfd 48
U S Steel 1,300 11%; 11 11
U S Steel pfd 13,500 57% 58% 50%
Westlnghouse Elec. 700 161% 100 150%
Union 87%
Total sales 300,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— No bond trans
actions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common — Bid, $:l 87'J; asked, $i. Preferred
—Bid, $35 60; asked, $3« 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4% L &' N unified 4s. 98%
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s.l03%
Do 3s reg 100 Mex Cent 4s 65
Do coupon 100 Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg.l32V4 Minn & St L 4s. 1)7%
Do coupon 132V; M K & Tex 4s.. 97%
Do old 4s reg.. 107 Do 2ds 78%
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex con 4s 74
Atch gen 4s 09% NYC gen 3%s.. 07%
Do adj 4s 8S',4 N J C gen 5s... 129
Atlantic C L 4s. 02% Nor Pac 4s 1O2T4
Bal & Ohio 4s... 101% Do 3s 70%
Do 3%s 93^4 Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO5<jfc OSL 4s &'partlc. fllft
Do 1st lnc 70 Pa conv 3%s.l. 05
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO3% Reading gen 43.. 96
Chi & Alton S%s. 75% SL & I M con 5s. 112%
C. B & Q new 4s. 91% S L & S F fg 4s. 81
CM & StPgn 43.10SH St Louis SW lsts. 03 U
C & N\V con 7s. 129% Seaboard A L 4s. 6C
C. R I & Pac 43. C8% So Pac 4s 8S%
Do col 5s SOU So Ry 5s 112
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 97% Tex & Pac lsts.113%
Chi, Term 4s 79% T, St L & W 4s. C9
Cons Tobacco 4s. 66U Union Pacific 4s. 102%
Colo & So 4s 84% Do conv 4s. 90
C F & I conv Cs. 70 US Steel 2d 5s.. 72%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% Wabash lsts 116
Erie prior lien 4s 97K, Do deb B 61%
Do gen 4s H5% W & L Erie 4s... 90
F W & D C lsts.105 Wis Cent 4s .... 89
Hocking Val 4U S .1O5'/. ,
NEW YORK Kfn'ING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief...... 06
Alice 13; Ontario 4»50
Brt-ece lOOpbir 5 00
Brunu Con ...... 05 1 Phoenix- .• C8
Com Tunnel .... 0G ! Potosi 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 70, Savage 42
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev fifi
Iron Silver 1 50!fJmall Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con .... 02 1 Standard 2 45
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — ( United Fruit ... 95
Call loans 404% U S Steel •. . 11
Time loans 5@5%: Do pfd 61%
Bonds — . Westinp Common. 7S
Atchison 4s 97%; Mining —
Do adj 4s 87 1 Adventure 2
Mex Cent 4s 64%'AUouez 3%
Railroads— j Amal Copper ... 48%
Atchison C0% I Amor Zinc 9
Do pfd S9 Atlantic 7%
Boston & AIbany.245 Blngham 19%
Boston * Maine. 1CH Calumet & Hecla.4Ii0
Boston Elev 137% Centennial 17%
Fitchburg pfd 135 Copper Range 40
Mex Central 10 I Daiy West 34%
N Y. N H & H..193%jDom Coal 5S%
Pere Marquette.. 7G (Franklin 8%.
Union Pacific^... 77V*! Graney 3 Vi
Miscellaneous — j Isle Koyalp 7U
Amer Arge Chem.. 13%j Mass Mining : 3%
Do pfd 74 1 Michigan 5
Amer Pneu Tube.. 4 | Mohawk 35
Amer Sugar 124% Mont Coal & C 2%
Do pfd 124 Old Dom 10%
Amer Te] & Tel . .120% I Osceola 57
Amer Woolen 10 I Parrot 24%
Do pfd. C!>%!Quincy 80
Dom Iron & S... 8^4: Shannon 8
E.1 Elec Ilium... 232 i Tamarack 09
Gen Electric 1C5 | Trinity 4%
Mass Electric 2OV4IU S Mining £0%
Do rfd 77 i Utah 3%
Maps Oas 3!l>-4 ! Victoria 3%
Un Shoe Mach... 47 I Winona .• 5
, £Do pfd 2S 1 Wolverine 70%'
London Closing Stocks.
Cons v for money. 8C%LN Y. Central 117%
Do for acct.st. 13-1U Nor & Western.. 59%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchison 69 Ontario & West. 21%
Do pfd r. . 02 Pennsylvania 68%
I Bal Sc Ohio "9Vi Rand Mines 9%
Can Paclflc 120»,i Reading 21%
Ches & Ohio 32% Do 1st pfd 41
Chi Great West., ld-4 Do 2d pfd 29%
Chi. Mil & St P. 144% So Railway ..... 20%
De Beers 19% Do pfd 83%
Den & Rio G.... 20% So Pacific 47%
Do pfd 70'4 Union Pacific 79%
Erie 25% Do pfd 91 %
Do 1st pfd 65% U S Steel........ ltu
Do 2d pfd 43 Dr> pfd !58%
111 Central 131% Wabash 10«i
Louis & Nash...lO7>4 Do pfd 30%
M, K & Tex 16%
Ear silver — Uncertain. 27',id per ounce.
Money — 2^3 per cent. .. '
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is o", per cent and for three months'
bills 3!4 Per cent.
The Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The cotton market
closed firm at a net advance of 10 to 52 points.
NEW ORLEANS.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 17.— In the cotton
market to-duy the recently heavy short lnterent
way put on the jump by rumors that spot sales
for the day amounted to a!>out 18,000 bales.
Before j the weaker traders had finished cov
ering prices were sent up abave the highest
of the day from the bottom of a wide decline.
At the close prices of March. Mav and July
were CO to (i6 points higher than the close on
Monday.
The close was steady. Curb prices were
even higher than closing levels.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18.750; exports. 90C0 barrels; quiet but firmly
held; winter patents. $505.25; winter
straiRhts $4 75^4 90; Minnesota baker3', $(
@4 25.
WHEAT — Receipt*. 3900 bushels; spot firm;
No. 2 red. $1 elevator; No. 2 red. $1 f. o. b.
afloat; No' 1 Northern Duluth. $1 C(J% f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Monitoba. nominal f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm on firm cables
and continued cold weather West, but declined
on liquidation and commission-house selling
West. Lator prices again turned higher on
war news., which re-established dollar wheat.
and closed' %<gl!-ic net higher. May. 98%c@
$1 closed $1; July. fl.'i%ft95Kc, closed 95%c;
September. 8<3%!&fcS%c. closed 8S»4c
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 8%<&13%c. The
market closed with > a net advance of 15j<20
pointf. Sales were reported of 99.000 bags in
cluding: March. 5.55«?5.G0c; May, 5.8C@5.05c;
July C.10@6.25c; August. 6.20c; September,
fi.30®6.6Oc; October. 6.4O@0.45c; December,
C.6O<GC.75c. ';
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet, with the tone rather In buyers'
favor. Common are quoted at 4Si."e; prime.
6%®5V4c:' choice. 5%©t!c; fancy, 0%@7c.
PRUNES— Are in comparatively light sup
ply and prices are firmly held. Quotations
range from 3%c to 8%c for all grade*.
PEACHES— Met with a fair inquiry, but
buyers and sellers are apart as to prices and
actual business Is therefore limited. Choice, i
7V4@7%c; extra choice, 7%@S'.4c; fancy,
OSlOc. ' '
APRICOTS — Are In good demand and. with
supplies moderate, the .tone is firm. Choice,
0>ftfn0c; extra choice, 10UQ10%c; fancy,
12@luc. ' 'tfi-:.'':i
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — Tin had a sharp
break in the London market to-day, spot los
ing 12s Cd, and closing at £125 10s, while fu
tures were 15s lCd lower at £125 17s tid. Lo
cally tin was Influenced somewhat by. - the
weakness abroad, closing quiet, but a little
lower, at $28 37%@28 75. 5 < ■
Copper was lower in London, spot declining
5s to £57 2s Od, and futures 2s 6d to £56 7s fid.
Locally copper was' unchanged, with lake
quoted at 12.50®12.75c; electrolytic and cast
ings at 12.37%@12.62%c.
* Lead waa a little higher here and firm at
4.50@4.00c, but • unchanged inj London at
£11 12s 6d,
Spelter was also firm and higher locally,
with spot quoted at B@5.10c, while there waa
a decline of 2s 6d to £21 12s 6d in tho English
Iron clOM'd at 60s 9d In Glasgow, and at 42s
10%dln Mlddlesborough. -.. Locally Iron waa
unchanged. No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted
at $10®10: No. 2 foundry Northern at $14@15;
No 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry
Southern soft at $13 75®14 25.
New York Dry Goods.
> NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — The dry Roods mar
ket at first hands has continued in a quiet con
dition, buyers placing few orders except : for
prompt delivery of spots. But there . has been
no inclination to weaken on. the part of manu
facturer!!, the majority of whom will use
every effort ■ to prevent the market from sag
ging, while others are of the opinion. that the
raw material situation will warrant higher
prices for piece-goods in the near future.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17. — In Bradstreet's
available supply of grain, issued yesterday,
tbe increase in wheat in the United- States
and Canada, east of the Rocky Mountains,
should have been 1,583,000 bushels, not 583,
000 bushels.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17. — War complications in
Europe, as well as in Asia, whirled wheat up
2c a buihel to-day for May delivery. July
jumped 2%c. Compared with I last night's
prices. May wheat at the close showed a gain
of lV4@l%c. The net advance in July was
l%c. May corn is up %c, oats %@%c and pro
visions 10@27»'bc. ,
Wheat at the opening was about steady on
the comparatively firm tone of cables, foreign
markets showing no response to the decline
here yesterday. Initial sales of May were a
shade lower to a shade higher at 96V&C to 9<5%c,
while July was a shade lower to a shade
higher at 87%c to S7^c. Selling by the prin
cipal long, followed by profit-taking by smaller
holders, carried May down to 06c. July sold
off to 86%c. Toward the noon hour traders
were seized by an acute attack of war fever.
A report was circulated that an uprising had
occurred In the Balkans. From the moment
this announcement was made until the close
of the session there was an urgent demand
! for both May and July wheat. There was a
scramble among shorts to cover and the lead
(Ing bull houses bought freely.- The trade was
' of such large volume that individual transac-
I tlons were allowed to pass almost unnoticed.
The market turned suddenly strong and sharp
advances were made In all deliveries. An
other factor that helped to strengthen the situ
ation was a correction In Bradstreet's world's
visible eupply tlgures. . According to the re
vised data, the available stocks show a de-
I crease of "IS3,000 bushels, instead of an in
i crease of 217,000 . bushels, as announced yes
j. terday. The. export business was an additional
I bull factor. A report frcm Baltlmo're stated
that foreigners were taking all offerings in
the shape- of wheat, - while New York also
claimed a big shipping demand. Under these
conditions May rose rapidly to-OSc and July
was forced up to 89c. The closing was at al
most the |op, with May at 9~%c, a gain of
l ! A«81%c. July closed l%c higher-at S8»4c.
. The corn market was a very nervous affair
There was heavy selling of May early in the
day by sonv. of the principal holders and prices
' suffered a considerable setback. It rallied near
the close, which was ' strong, with May %c
-higher at- 55Vjc. July also was up %c at
■ 53',-ic . .
■ ' The same influence that governed wheat
' and corn affected the oats market. | may closed
k.%O%0 higher at 43%@-43%c. July was up %c
i at 3£»%e.
Provisions were strong. Smaller run of hogs
than expected and buying for Investment ac
count due to the war scare caused advances.
The close was strong, with May pork 27 Vic
higher; lard was up 12&c and ribs 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article? — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 90% 08 06 97*4
Ju!y (old) 8S% »O 87% 8<j£
July (new) S7V* 89 • 8(1% 88%
Sept (old) »*% 85% 8."i<& 85^i
I Sept (new) .... 83% 81& b2% 84^
; Corn No. 2 —
I February .... 52V4
j May r.5 CO 5i>4 55^,
July 52}4 B3W 52% &$k
Oats No. 2 — /f~.
'February 40Vi 41}i 39% 41
! May 4.{'4 44 42'*, 43%
I July Sfi% 40 39 39%
i September :U% 34% 34% 34V4
Mess Pork, per bM —
May 14 75 15 05 14 65 14 97 Vi
1 July 14 70 115)0 14 57% 14 S5
Lard, per 100 lbs—
] May 7 «2Vi 7 75 7 62<4 7 75
July 7 75 7 85 7 72V, 7 82^
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
; May 7 10 7 22% 7 07% 7 20
July 7 25 7 32% 7 20 7 82%
Cash Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO. Feb. 17.— Cash quotations were
I as follows: Flour, firm. No. 3 spring wheat,
85®9<ic; No. 2 red. 1I5ci&$1; No. 2 corn. 51 %c;
. No. 2 yellow, u2Vic; No. 2 oats, 41@41%c; No.
I ;t svhit«. 41<ii?!4';,c; No. 2 rye. 68c; good feed
: ing bnrlay, 4O'Q~Uc; fair to choice malting, 48®
58c; No. 1 fiaxseed. SI 11; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 17; prime timothy, aced, $3 25 mess pork,
per bbl. $14 75014 87%: lard, per 100 lbs.
$7 52%4»7 55; short ribs sides (loose). $0 87%®
7 12>i: short clear sides (boxed). $7 12%@7 26;
! -whisky, basis of -high wines. $1-27; clover, con
j tract prade, $10 U0.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
■ Flour, barrel* . .' 02.000 ■ 45.100
■ Wheat, bushels C8.T.00 2:U0O
■ Corn. bUKhels 403.400 115,700
Oats, bushels 545,700 33.400
; Rye, bushels 1O.40O 7,000
: Barley, bushels 138.600 10,400
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
CHICAGO, Feb. 17. — On the Produce Ex
'■ change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries l.'.®25%c; dairies, 13%(S22e. Eggs.
I easier; 27@28c. Cheese, firm; 10(g~10%c.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1S.«JOO; strong. Good to prime steers, $4 90@
fi 75; poor to medium. $.'!-50®4 75: stockers
and feeders. $2 25@4 25: cows. $1 60@4 25;
helferp. $2 25®4 75; canners. $1 00@2 50; bulls,
$2®4 10; calves. $3 50«i7 05.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 35,000; to-morrow.
35.000; 10a lower. Mixed and butchers, $5O
1 5 30; good to choice heavy, $5 25iS5 37%; rough
heavy. $4 BSOS 30; light, $4 CO® 5 05; bulk of
f sales. $4 95«5 20.
i SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000: sheep andt lambs
I Fteady. Good to choice wethers. $4@4 GO: fair
I to choice mixed. $3 . r >oe4 25: Western sheep,
! ?:!fI5; native lambs, $4@5 75; Western lambs,
84 75@0 10/ V-V ■ ,
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
■Wh ea t— -March. May. July.
Opening « 6% tf<5% 6 B«
Closing « «% C6 6 5V6
; PARIS.
Wheat— .,:;. Peb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 35 22 35
Closing 22 30 22 30
Flour-
Opening 3 0 75 30 05
Closing 30 80 30 70
St. Louis yVool Market.
ST LOUIS, Feb. 17— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17021 %c;
light fire. 10«I17Mic: heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20031c. -, ■- ' '
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 17.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
75©76c; bluestem. SO0Slc; valley. 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 17.— Wheat— Bluestem, 81c;
club, 70c. -■ -
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Feb. 17.— Clearings, $501,410;
balances, $40,356.
TACOMA, Feb. 17.— Clearings, $333,255; bal
ances. $28,483. .
PORTLAND, Feb. 17.— Clearings, $751,004;
balances. $205,G!H>. ,
SPOKANE, Feb. 17.— Clearings, $389,350;
balances, $104,270. - ....' / ;
LOCAL MAKKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 R3U
Sterling Exchange, sight; ........ — 4 8CV4
Sterling Exchange, cables ........ — 487%
New York Exchange, sight — 12 %
New York Exchange, telegraphic. 15
Silver, per 1 ounce — '• 60}J
Mexican ■ Dollars, nominal ...... 44 @ 45
» Wheat and Other Graim.
WHEAT — Was firmer all over the world. Ru
mors on the European bourses that the Alba
nians and Turks had clashed and that the Al
banian troops had routed the Turks caused the
strength. -Broomhall cabled that war had be
gun" In' the Balkans and that' a conflict there
would render the Wheat situation acute, as 4t
would shut off exports' from Russia and the
Danublan countries, and a wild market would
probably result. The feeling everywhere r was
very sensitive and unsettled. • Chicago de
clined from 87?hc to 8O74C rebounded to 89c
and closed at 8S%c.
In this market futures were higher in sym
pathy ' with the other markets of the world
and the cash grain ruled firm. ■ but quotations
etlir remained unchanged. ■..-. . '-:
• CASH WHEAT. < . ■ '
California Club. $1 37%@1 42H; California
Whit© Australian. $1 45©1 60; ■ Northern Club,
$1 3S»i<5-l 41U; Northern Bluestem. $147%®
1 50; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. - Low. Close.
May $1 41% *1 «% H 4l^i $1 41%'
December ... 1 36% 1 36% 1 30% 1 36%
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 36%.
BARLEY — There was no ! further change In
cash grain, but futures were higher. Nothing
more about Japanese orders has been heard
for several days. The market has quieted
down of late.
CASH BARLEY. Vk
Feed $1 HVi@l 13%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 17%©1 18%; Chevalier. $1 17%©1 40
for fair to choice.
.-' - FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .'$1 09 $1 00% $1 08% $1 09
December ... 1 03% 1 04 1 03% 1 04
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 03%.
OATS — Offerings continue moderate and the
market is steady at previous prices.
White, $1 27%@>1 &7%; Black, SI 2.1©l 65;
Red, $1 25(&-l 32% for feed and $1 3001 3S for
eeed; Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN— The local trade continue to report a
firmly held market, with Just about demand
enough to keep stocks well down to a manage
able point.
Western sacked, $1 35 for Yellow, $1 35 for
White and $1 32% for Mixed; California larg»
Yellow. $1 37%Sj'l 40; small round do. $1 SO;
White. $1 37% per ctl; Egyptian. $1 42% for
white and $1 25 for brown.
RYE— »1 30@l 32% per Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
' Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50<S>4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90®4 20 per bbl for
Family and S3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. -$3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
1 Groats, $4 60; Hominy. ?4@4 25; Buckwheat'
! Flour $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa- !
i rina, '$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
! Oats bbls. $7 25ig8 60; in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions under this head continue
steady at previous quotations.
The circular of Somers & Co. says: -."I
"Shipments of Hay have been steadily de- I
dining for the last ten days, the total for the
week ending to-day amounting to 2000 tons, in
comparison with 2700 tons for last week and
3500 tons for the week preceding that. Ther*
seems to be a general disposition on the part
of most holders of Hay to string along their
I shipments so as to last them until the advent
I of the new crop. In the light of all reports
I this Is a very wise proceeding, for otherwise
at the rate Hay has been coming there would
be practically nothing left In the country by
the first of May. The almost continuous rain
for the past five or six days has interfered
very materially with trading in Hay, for, as la !
always tho case In bad weather, very little
Hay Is handled and every one buys from hand
to mouth only, preferring to await good weath
er before handling any great quantities. The
rain has not had the effect that many antici
pated, for. although trading has been light, no
apparent concessions have been made In prices.
We have contended right along that -the Hay
market was not a weather market except in
so far as a very high range of prices would
' have been seen soon had the rain not come.
1 There is no doubt that present stocks will be
1 entirely consumed when new Hay is ready for
! market, and if any new section commences to
draw from us there will again be considerable
excitement here. In this connection we have !
to report that it haa definitely been given out
I here that the Japanese Government haa been
1 making extensive purchases or both Barley and
OaU on this coast. Naturally they will have
to call on us for some hay, too. but as yet ;
no bids have been called for. Should they take
any considerable amount oft our market within
the next month or two prices will surely ad
vance.
"Priced continue at the quotations given dur
ing the last two. weeks, with trade light and
consignments firmly held."
BRAN— $21022 per ton. . .
MIDDLINGS — $27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23^24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2s>50@31:,
jobbing. $H2; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, $28 50@29 50; Cracked Corn. $29f?30:
Mixed Feed. $22ffl23; Horse Beans. $30@
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat $15@18; Wheat and Oat. $140
17; Oat $14#17: Wild Oat. $14^16; Barley.
I $12@14 30; Stock nominal — none here; Alfalfa,
$12?T13 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50<&75c per bale.
• ' Beans and Seeds.
• More moisture has been received from the
last rain In the fouthern Lima districts, but
prices are no weaker and sellers report a very
fair demand for overland shipment. The other
Beans show no now features.
BEANS — Bayos *2 25#2 50; Pea. $3; But
ters $3 50; small White. $2 75<f?3: large White,
$2 20@2 55: Pink. $2 00@3 10: Red. $4 2504 50;
Lima $3 25<93 30: Red Kidneys, $4 25*@4 50;
Black'eye, $2 13®2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$202 50. • '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 C5@2 SO; Flax, $1 S0«?l 90: Canary.
6@5Uc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14®14%c: Rape.
114@2c: Timothy. ce«%c; Hemp. 3%«?3%e per
lb: Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20® 21 |
PC DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 2502 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for table Potatoes was In good
shape under a continued steady demand and
ruled firm at previous prices. The best offer-
Ings of Oregon Burbanks are well cleaned out
of first hands and second quality offerings are
meeting with a fair demand. The report that
the steamer Q. W. Elder, scheduled to arriva
hew to-morrow, has broken down at Portland
and would not arrive before Tuesday Imparted
considerable firmness to the market. Garnet
Chiles were In good request for seed and small
Oregon Burbanks sold well for the same pur
pose at 80®00c per cental. Small lots of new
Potatots were received and choice offerings
were readily disposed of at 3@3%c per pound.
Onions ruled firm and dealers were anticipating
a higher range of prices. It was reported that
several, carloads of Nevadas were on the way 1
to this* market, purchased at $2 50 per cental,
f. o. b. shipping point.
Receipts of southern vegetables continued
light and previous prices ruled for most de
scriptions. Peas did better under decreased
receipts and choice offerings of wrapped Toma
toes sold for shipping at an advance, but for
the ceneral run of supplies $1 25 was consid
ered an ' extreme figure. Asparagus from thf
river sold at COc per pound. I Receipts of Mush
rooms proved too heavy for the market and
prices had a further decline.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 95c@
$1 10 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 1C@
$1 25 per ctl; River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl:
Garnet Chiles 00c«T$l 05 per ctl: Early Rote.
95c@$l 05 per Ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $2@2 10
per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 15@2 25 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 50 for Nevadan; Green Onions,
COfiCSc per box.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5@7c per lb;
String Beans. 15@17%c per lb: Wax. :
Tomatoes from Los Anseles, $1<R1 40
per box or crate; Rhubarb. 0?I10c per lb; Sum
mer Sauash from Los Angeles. $1{H 50 per box;
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c p«r sack; !
Hothouse Cucumbers. 50®75c per dozen for |
small and $101 25 for large; Garlic. 5@6c per
lb- Egg Plant.' 20c per lb; Dried Peppers,
5O8c per lb for Stockton and 10@12%c for
southern: Dried Okra. 12%o per lb; Green Pep- I
pers 15®20c per lb: Mushrooms. 10@15c rer
lb- Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $10015 per
ton for round lots and %®%c per lb for
sacked. '■'-•■' '••':'..
Poultry and Game.
There was'contlnued firmness In all descrip
tions of live Poultry, receipts being very light
and the demand brisk. Fine large and fat
young etock had tho most call and occasional
lots sold at a small' advance over the .quota
tions. There was no Western received, but a
car was reported, close at hand and scheduled ■
for to-day's market. There was very little
doing In dressed Turkeys. Six cases came in
and sold at nominal prices.
Receipts of Game, while light, were well up
to requirement*, and prices of all descriptions
; were unchanged.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 10<322c per lb;
live Turkeys 15@17c per lb;' Gewse, per pair,
$2©2 25; Goslings, $2@2 25: Ducks. $5 50@6 50
per dozen for old and $0 5O®7 50 for young:
Hens. $0 50@7 50 for large and $5 00®6 50 for
' small" young Roosters, $0 50@7 50; old Roos
ters $5 5006; Fryers. $C#6 50; Broilers, $5®
6 50 for large and $4 5O@5 for small; Pigeons,
$1 2.'>fjl 50 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 50
for Squabs. •
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per dozen; White
Geese, $1@1 50;- Brant. $1 50 for small and
$2 50 ''for large; Honkers. $5 for large and $4
for small; English Snipe. $2 50@3; common
Snlce $1 50; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25' for Brush; Hare. $1 25@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Stocks of Butter continue In excess of the
demand and the market is weak, with sellers
anxious to clear their floors. They are in
structing their salesmen to make concessions
If .-necessary . to move the goods. " Recetpts are
gradually Increasing, and as the season ad
vances ths production becomes larger, with
weakening markets everywhere as the natural
consequence.' T
Cheese stands, aa before stated. The supply
Is still excessive.
The inside quotation - for Eggs is shaded a
fraction, but otherwise there Is no change. The
feeling i Is weak, however, - and . some dealers
quoted 24c a* their outside figure yesterday.
Receipts' continue to increase, as will be seen.
It was reported yesterday : that a car was being
made up for Montana and that free shipments
were Icing made north by steamer. Ae usual.
the cheaper Egg3 were taken for this shipping
business to the neglect of the fine ranch.
Recetpts were 52.000 lbs Butter. 1322 casea
Eggs and 42,600 lbs Cheese. - • '
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 26c for
extras, 23c for firsts and 22%©24c for sec
onds; dairy. 18® 22c; atore Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 21©22c for extras. 18©2Oc for
second? and 16t»18c for ladle-packed.
CHEESE—^lOtgllc for good to choice new
and 8&9c for lower grades; young Am«rlcas.
llffll%c; Eaatern. 15«16c: Western. 14®13c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 24©25c; store. 22%®24c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade In Oranges was of a Hgnt jobbing
character, with the cool weather operating
against the market. As It was, the demand
was confined almost entirely to the large
sizes of Navels but supplies of such fruit
were well up to' requirements and previous
prices ruled. Very little attention was mani
fested In the auction sale, as all dealer* were
liberally supplied. Three cars of Navels, in
cluding one ot fancy Redlands stock, were
withdrawn, owing to th« light demand. Seven
cars were sold, as follows: Fancy. $1®1 25;
choice 65c@$l 30; standards. 65c«$l. The
other Citrus fruits were dull and featureless.
Apples were unchanged, with supplies of all
grades plentiful.
APPLES— $1 75®2 per box for extra fancy;
$1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy. 85c6$l for
choice and 50@7Sc for common. >
• PEARS— Winter Nellls from cold storage (re
packed). $2 60®3 per box.
CITRUS- FRUIT8— Navel Oranges, $1 25-82
per box for fancy, 75ci8$l 25 for choice and 50c
C$1 for standards; Seedllnga. oOciS^l: Tan
gerines. 60c@$l 25 per box; Lemons, $1 7.">&"J 50
for fancy, $1 25©1 50 for choice and 75c«8$l for
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25©2 25; Mexican
Limes. $3 60@ti; Bananaa, $1@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian' and $282 50 for Central American:
Pineapples. $1 50©2 per do**n for Central
American and $3$5 for Hawaiian.
Dried 1 Fruit s,Nuts,RaisinsJioney
FRUIT— Apricots. 7%©0%c for Royals and 8
Gilo for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 40
»%c; sun-dried. 3g4c: Peaches. S60%c; Pears.
6f 10c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Figs, white. 4®4%c
In boxes; black, 4%c; Plume, pitted. 6®9c per
pound. /
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%©2%c for the four
sizes. • • ; .- \ ■:
RAISINS — The Association announces th«
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades,
60-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels, 5V4e per
lb; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seedles* Loose
Muscatols. 4^c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose. 5~<£c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 6%c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 60; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25. usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. S?eded — Fancy IC-01
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-ox cartons, per
package. 6%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartens. per lb, 7V>c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, 6%c: choice bulk car
ton?, per lb, 7Vic; 10-oz cartons, seeded Se«d
llngs. Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5%e: bulk,
eeeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts,^ No. 1 softshell, 13*s<S14c:
No. 2, 11%®12c; No. 1 hardshell. lStn.lUr:
No 2, ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
1 10%c for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
894c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans. 11613c: Cocoanuts, $1 00@5; Chest
nuts. 5$7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10@U%c for white and 8%O
!>U.c for amber; water white extracted. 59
RKc: light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark.
3%©4r.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
Press dispatches from Nagasaki, Japan, say
that the Japanese are seizing the American
packM Beef recently purchased tn the United
States by the Russians for shipment to Vladi
vostok. The finrt seizure has already taken
place. 182.000 pounds being taken from the
steamer Coptic. This is part of the 3.00O.00O
pounds bought in the West some weeks ago
on a rush order.
There was no further change In this market
yesterday and the situation at Chicago also
remained about the same, the outside trade
being loaded up with goods and the packers
not supporting the market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lie per lb for
heavy. ll%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c: California
Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $10 50@ll per bbl;
extra Mess, $11 50i912; Family. $12 50<ai3:
prime Me«9 Pork. $15; extra clear. $2^25;
Mers, $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%@He: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb.
I.ARD — Tierce* quoted at 7\4c p«r lb for
compound and 9%c for purer half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c: 3-Ib
tins. 10*4c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c: thre*
half barrels. 9c; one tierce. STJe; two tierces,
$%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
abcut under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. *9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides Sc for heavy and 8c for light: Stags, 6c:
Salted Kip, Pc: Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf,
10%c; dry Hides, 15@16c; dry Kip, 13c;- dry
Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<a30ceaeh;
short Wool. 40(g65c each; medium, 7O@90c; long
! Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides. *alt. $2 75 fcr
I large and $2«2 50 for medium. $1 23®1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
! Mexican. 31e: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
I Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c:
smfcll. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3is.c: eT^ftRe. £%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 6®
lie: Middle County. llifS12c: Northern Defect
ive OfllOc: Nevada. 13S15c; Oregon, fine. 13#
19c": Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS — 23<JM0c per lb for California. 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
Hog's rule firm at the advance noted yester
day with receipts hardly up to the demand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— fi%@7%c for Steers and &%@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, SffOc; small. 9@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%610c; Ewes. 9@9%c
■ PC LAMB— Fall. 10011c: Spring. 15©16c.
PORK — Dressed Heps, 7@8Hc.per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leza 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S.flOc; Cows and Heifers.
76Sc: thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4(S4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHUEP^— Wethers. 4»i®5c; Ewes, -k^mnic
p*r lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 5@5%c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hoses. 140 to 200 lbs. 5%fS5i;c
over 200 lbs. 5H@5%c: soft Hoga. 4%c: Sows.
20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off. and
Stags. 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Mercliandise. "
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5'4c spot and S%$5%c
June-July: San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32035c: Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $0 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $C; Standard, $7; Ro3lyn, $7; Coon
Bay. 53 KO: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 00^
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:-
Bakers' A A. $1 1031 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c fcr raw: China Nnt, 60@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, 80c: natural winter sperm Of!. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. Me:
No 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7.V;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil 63c: light Herring Oil.
45c- dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c: boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
15c: Pearl Oil.' In cases. 21Hc; Astral. 2lUc;
Star. 21Vic: Extra Star. 25Uc: Elaine. 27%c:
Eocene. 24%c: Deodorized St«ve Gasoline, in
bulk 16c. In cases. 22V.c: Benslne. in bulk.
13c; in cases. 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 88c per gallon In caaes and '
82c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «Vl*»
7c per lb: White Lead. 6%@7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnc Com-*
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb ba«s:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.R5c;
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
o..10e: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). R.lOo: Confecttonera' A.
ft.Sflc: Magnolia A. 4.00c: Extra C. 4.80c: Golden
C, 4.70c: "D." 4.60c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more: boxes. ROc mor*: RO-Ib bars,
10c more for nil kinds. Tablets— Hatf barrels.
S.ROc; boxes. 6.05c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnoa.
8.30e per lb. No order* taken for less than
seventy-five" barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. .
. FOR WEDNESD*v_ FEBRUARY 17.
Flour qr sks .. 9,03'IWool. bales .... 37
Wheat, ctls .... 58C Screenings ska.. • 200
Barley, ctla 2.45C Tallow, ctls .... 210
Oats, ctls 2.540 Pelt*. No 1.845
Corn, ctls . 23 Hides. No. .... 223
Beans, ska - 40 Leather, rolls... .00
Potatoes, ska .. 1.4 CO Wine, gals .... 91.350
Onions, sks ... 5.10 Sugar, ctls .... 2.220
Bran, sks ..... 1,040 Brandy, gals .. 400
Middlings., sks... 325 Paper, reams .. 813
Hay. tons ..... IBS} Chicory, bbls .. 50
Hops. . bales ... .190> . j
AUCTION SALES
fe Sixth and Last Consignment fe
AUCTIO>X SALS OF
100 Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 1200.
Consigned by the Churchill Ca'i J. T.. C. R.
and D. Ranches. Treka. Slsklyou Co.
To Ba Sold On
THIS SAT.
THURSDAY, February 18, 1904,
At 11 a. m.. at
SALETARD. 1733 MARKET ST. *^ •-
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
OREGON.
Oat*, ctls . 400 Bran. sk» 9.S77
Potatoes, sks .. 3S9 Shorts, sks ... 3.75O
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska.. 19.936! Potato**, sks .. 1.014
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 500!
N EV A O<\»
Potatoes, ska .. 2301
STOCK MAKKET.
Still Inactive, With Another
Ophir Dividend.
The Ophlr Mining Company declared a divi
dend of 25c yesterday, but It had evidently
been discounted, for the stock sold lower and
th« whole mining list was weak, though, then
was som« recovery in the afternoon, followed
by a .second weakness at the close. The oil
stocks continued neglected and local atocJts and
bonds were dull and featureless.
The Century Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 6 cents per share, delinquent
March 14.
At tbe annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Mission Bank the following directors w«r«
re-elected: Frank It. Anderson. William Bab
cock. A. Bortl, E. W. Hopkins, W. H. Crlm.
George L. Center and James Rolph Jr. Th-s
following officers were re-elected: James
Rolph Jr., president: Frank B. Anderson. Tic*
president; Stuart F. Smith, cashier, and James
M. Allen, secretary. Frank 8. Andrew* w«s
elected asalstant cashier, a new office. Th«
Mission Bank which wu started by the Bank
of California, opened July .13.- 1803. and since
then the deposit* hare reached over $295,000.
The total resources are $3J>6.390 18. The capt
tal paid In fold coin Is $100,000.
STOCK AXD BONT) EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Fefe. 17—2 pi m.
tTNITED STATES BONDS.
,\ B»d.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..107 — 4a qr cpnew. 132^4 133 Vt
4s qr reg ... — — 3s qr coup..l06%I07V»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Bs. — — O T Co 6«.ll» 119U
Pay CYC 6a. — 104 Do 8s MB .—
Cal C O 8«.103mO4 Do con Ba.lOO 108%
Cal C Sc E g Oceanic 8 3t — 75
m & ct 6s. — 104 Orn Cable (to. 122 12*
Cal-st C Bs.114 — Pae G Im 4s 94 98
C C Wat im. — 100 P E Ry 6».1«14 —
E L & P 0s 123 131 P * C H 6a.lO3 —
F & C H 6s. — 120 F & O R ««.11« —
Geary-st &«•• 45% 90 Powell-nt «a.U2% —
H C & S5HslO4 — S K O ARSs. 99 10O
Do 5s 08 100 87 ft SJV5s.ll* -—
Hon K T fls.106 — Sierra R «U.111H112>1
L A Elec 5s. — \O*M S P of A to
L A Ry 5s.ll2ttH3»i (19O0> ....105H —
L A L Co Bs — — O910) 1O«H —
Do rtd 6s. — — (19Ofl)Sr A.l(M%lC4Va
Do 5s 103%106H (10CS)8r B.1O*% —
LAP lem 5s.lOOH10=% S P ot C to
Mkt-st C «s.llfi% — (1906) 108% — >
Do lcm 53.115 116 (1812) 118 —
MV&Mt T5*. — 112 SPC 1 eg 8a. — —
X R of C €•. 106^107 H Do stmpd.108% —
Do 5a — 119 S P B R 6s.l34 —
N P C R 5«.1O5 — S V Wat «». — 108
N C Ry 5«. — 114 Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
Nor CPU).- ldO Do 4s 3dm. 99 W*
N 8 R R 3s. — lOO^i Stkn GAB «te. — 100
O G L H 5S.10S — U O * E 5».1O3 —
O W gtd 5a. — 99 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 41 I Port Cost*.. — —
Marln Co... — 63 IS V W Co. 3* —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. — 4 ISFG&E: 57% 58^i
Mutual G L ID 11% Stkn O A E 5 —
Pac L Co. ..53 — 1UG4E. — 39
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk. — 123 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. Sl% — Mer Trust... — J3O
Bank of Cal. — 440 Merch Ex... — 63
Cal Safe Dp. — 147% S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23fcO Sav A L So. — ' 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sar Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.630 C5O ,
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 207 I Prealdio 38 41
Geary - 8O I * \
■ POWDER.
Giant- 61 61>il Vlgorlt 3H — i
y> ' SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c Kllauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44^ 45 Makawell C. IStf —
Honokaa S C 11 — Onomea 8 C 23 29
Hutch SPC 7*i 8>4 Paauhau S C 10% —
M ISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13S 139 Oceanic S C. 4'i 5
Cal F C A. W 874 Pac Aux FA. 3 «
Cal Wine A. 92$i 93 Pac C Borx.167 —
MV& MtTm.100 — 1
10 Alaska Packers' Association ... 1.18 75
15 Alaska Packers' Association. . .139 OO
$2 000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 25
Street —
$3.C00 S F & S J V 3 per cent 113 2»
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association... 13* 75
10 Spring Valley Water Co 38 25*
$5,000 Cal Cen Gas & Elect 5s 103 73
$4,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 25
Street —
25 AUska Packers' Association. ..133 73
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. 03 1C0 Sun Tel «s. 112 1144
B L Wat Cs. — 12O Do 6a I02VJ —
SF Drdk 58. — 113% Snttr-st R58.10O 113
SF 4 NP 5s.llOTilll% UR tt SF 4* TO% —
S P Co 4 ViS. 98 JW
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . — 22 Mils Nat Bk.300 —
Cal Cot Mils — 95 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N S R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 N C P Co... » —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sar.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 — Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I & T.114 140 IOOF Hill A 3% —
Cen Bk Oai. 61 — Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes "Co .. — 8 Pac S Tel... — 102
City & C Bk. — 112 Paraf Paint. 37% —
East Dynm.180 — S F Drydock 60 —
FN Bk, Oak.120 — SFASJ Coal. 17 23
Fischer Thtr — 1% S J Wat Co. — 10tf
Frnch-A Bk.100 105 SO &. MTgbt — - IBS.
Gas Con A. 19% 21 SwIavA Bk.HI —
Hono P Co. S?s 12 Truckee Elec — 13
Lon& SF Bk. — OS UR InC pfd. 43% —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com .. 10% —
Morning Session.
23 Pacific States Tel & Tel Co. .101 00
$9,000 United R U of S F 4s..: . 79 75
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
On Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 45 ....
Associated -Trust Certificates. ti 20
Aztec :. SO
Chicago Crude IS 19
Clare mont 50 . ....
Four €8 70
Fulton .... 4 00
Hanford 141 OO 143 CO
Home 120 125
Independence ..... 14 ....
Junction 16
Kern 4 50 5 U0
Kern River U 0O I.,.'.
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 42
Monte Crtsto 77% 80
Occidental of W Va 15
Oil City Petroleum 32 34
Peerless 13 30 . ....
San Joaquln O & D 2 OO ....
Sovereign <3 44
Superior • 05 06
Thirty-three 5 00 « 50
Toltec ' 20
Went She-re, ••- * 20 ....
Miscellaneous —
Central Bank of Oakland. . 61 00 ' 70 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... 6 23
Fischer's Theater 1 50 2 00
Northern Cal Power 0 874
North Shor« Railroad .... 19 50
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 170 -2 23
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Illinois Crude » 1 10
200 Monarch? ; ,41
Afternoon Session. -
60 Reed Crude fcl
300 California Standard 12
100 Monte Crlato 80
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANOB.
Following were the sales" on the San Fran-
Continued on Page Fourteen,
1516
SAYS STRATTON
EXCEEDS POWER
Oceanic Steamship Company
Sues to Determine Validity
of Tax on Aliens in Transit
DENIES COLLECTOR'S RIGHT
Avers He Has No Authority
to Collect Fee on Passengers
Who Do Not Remain Here
For the purpose of determining
•whether Frederick S. Stratton, Collec
tor of the Port of San Francisco, has
the right to levy a tax of J2 per head
on aliens in transit from Australian
or other antipodean ports to ports
in Europe, the Oceanic Steamship
Company yesterday brought suit to
recover from Stratton $428 paid by
it to the Collector as "head tax"
on 214 aliens brought to this country
from March to December, 1903. on the
steamers Sierra. Sonoma, Ventura and
Mariposa. The company contends that
Stratton acted without authority in de
manding from the company the tax
on aliens who landed here while en
route to ports across the Atlantic. The
point raised is a novel one. and if the
contention of the plaintiff is sustained
It means a saving of many hundreds
cf dollars annually. It will also great
ly reduce the receipts of the office of
the Collector of the Port.
The complaint of the steamship com
pany, which was filed by Attorneys
! Frank & Mansfield, appears to be sim
ply a demand for 5328 collected illegally
•by Stratton. It reads as follows:
Tfctt heretofore, to wit. between the 23d
4*v of March. 1903. and the 30th day of De
cfrntwr, l»03, the said Oce&nic Steamship Cojn
jtry brought upon it« f-aid steamers from port*
and places in Australia to the port of San
Francieeo two hundred and fourteen (214)
•Jlen passengers, who were then and there in
transit through the United States, and bound
for foreign ports, to wit. for the port* of
London. Bremen. Berlin. Liverpool. Vancouver,
Cla*Kow. Parts and Hamburg.
That notwithEtandir.s the eaid alien pa»
wnsrr* were in transit as aforesaid, the Baid
derendant as eueh Collector demanded of this
plaintiff the turn of two (2) dollars for each
and every pa»senjrer so in transit as aforesaid,
end then and there refused to allow entry of
1S - several vessels until euth duty of two <2)
dollars for each of eald passengers was paid.
That thereupon the said plaintiff duly pro
tested against the said exaction as being il
l<»cal. and because of the refusal of the said
defendant to permit the landing of such aliens
from raid vessels, and because of the Injury
to said plaintiff consequent thereon. stfid
plaintiff dtiK-Eited with th<; Collector of Cus
toms the said tax of two <2) dollars per head
upon each of Baid aliens, and then and there
notified eaid. defendant that it. the said plain
tiff, would sue to recover the same back, and
raid defendant then and there agreed that
«uch deposit should in nowise cr In any mat
ter vitiate, prevent or prejudice any action
et iaw or any rirht of a judicial character
which the said plaintiff might see proper to
commence, and said Collector received said
money •uhjfct to said protest, undersianains
and agreement.
That though often thereto demanded, the
said defenda.it has refused and still continues
to refuse to repey the Eame, or ar.y part
thereof to this plaintiff.
Wherefore, said plaintiff prays for judgment
• rains; «aid Collector for the sum of four hun
dred and twenty-eirht (42?) dollars, together
with interest and t-osts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? Has been the
•greatest in sales,
greatest in distri-
bution over the
earth's surface,
greatest in profits
and greatest in
benefits conferred
on suffering hu-
manity*
Measured by every test,
viz., world -wide popu-
' laiity and sale, purity
.and sweetness, absolute
safety, unfailing relief
or cure, and great econ-
omy, CUTICURA is the
greatest curative of
ancient or modern times.
KySiIr greater lh*a iht world's product
os Outer acts cures*
Soli lrfccrrcr dvilixitioa his penetrated
ATTORNEYS TRY TO PROVE
LABROUSSE WAS DEMENTED
Slayer of Girl Hears Story of His Life From Childhood's
Days and Weeps When Counsel Tells of the Shooting
of Miss Jordan— Witnesses Doubt Prisoner's Sanity
EDMOND DE L.ABROUSSE IN CHARACTERISTIC REMORSEFUL. AT
TITUDE AND SKETCHES OF SEVERAL. WITNESSES WHO GAVE
EVIDENCE IN SUPPORT OF DEFENDANT'S INSANITY PLEA.
The prosecution closed its case yes
terday morning in the trial of Edmond
de Labrousse, charged with the mur
der of Miss Marie Jordan on September
29 last. Its concluding witness was
Mrs. Caroline Jordan, mother of the
murdered girl. She told how it was
that a trunk supposed to belong to the
prisoner was in her possession. She
said it was the property of her son
and had never belonged to De La
brousse. It had been lent him that he
might save storage charge when away
from the city and in it he had placed
his books and private papers.
Mrs. Jordan told of her late daughter
giving the jewels which accused had
presented her with back to him and of
his leaving them on the table, refusing
to take them.
District Attorney Byington then an
nounced that the case of the prosecu
tion rested and Attorney Roche began
his opening address to the Jury, detail
ing quickly, firmly and lucidly the
course he intended to pursue in the
defense of his client.
Mr. Roche admitted that he - appre
ciated the fact that the sanity or tem
perament of the defendant would be
subject to the closest scrutiny. He ex
pected to prove that not. only at the
moment of the homicide, but prior to
the commission of the deed Labrousse
was mentally deranged and could not
appreciate the crime charged against
him and was not therefore amenable
to the law.
FAMILY ifEETS MISFORTUNE.
Mr. Roche told the jury that De La
brousse, who was born in France, was
the son of Edmond Dufeu, who had
committed suicide when defendant was
but a child. His mother later married
Dr. Labrousse, a veterinary surgeon,
and her son took his stepfather's name
and grew up to love him as a father.
The family came out to San Fran
cisco and then removed to Nevada,
where in time defendant assisted the
doctor. Ill luck followed them and it
fell to the lot of young Labrousse to
maintain the family, which office fell
heavily upon his youthful shoulders.
Step by step Attorney Roche took the
court and Jury along the life-path of
De Labrousse. He told of his meeting
Miss Marie Jordan when both were em
ployed at the City of Paris' and of an
acquaintance which, said the attorney,
ripened into a love that was tender.
He told of De Labrousse's constant at
tendance at the French church and of
his endeavor to ,gain an education when
a boy to fit himself for' a position in
life, and also related , in detail the
young man's failures in business, when
he had hoped to build up a position that
would warrant him asking Miss Jordan
to become his wife.
De Labrousse, said Attorney Roche,
became estranged from his family "at
the time he was paying attention to
Miss Jordan. Mrs. de Labrousse wished
that her son should marry according
to her own manner of thinking and one
of his own religion. Then -Attorney
Roche said that Miss Lily Jordan, re
alizing that De Labrousse could not
make her sister happy, came between
the couple.
THREATENED SUICIDE.
De Labrousse, . he said, could not
sleep when the estrangement came.
Miss Jordan put" him off and off, re
fused to talk to him, would not accom
pany him to the theater, and all this
weakened him mentally, said the attor
ney, months prior to the commission of
the murder, with the result that he
threatened more than once to take his
own life.
The attorney for the defendant de
nied that he premeditated taking Misa
THE SAN GALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1904.
Jordan's life. He went out with the
intention, said Attorney Roche, 'of
ending his own career. He bade his
landlady good-by, went out. and seeing
Miss Jordan leave a car, approached
her and in a short while, she having
refused to speak to him, he drew a
revolver and shot her and then at
tempteo. suicide.
At this point of the address De Lr
brousse moved for the first tim* from
a leaning position, and applying his
handkerchief to his eyes, languidly
wiped away the falling tears."
Attorney Roche called a number of
witnesses in support of his statement
that De Labrousse prior to the murder
was not of sound mind. Michael J.
Hynes, Public Administrator, was the
first called by the defense. He
told 'of. his acquaintance with De La
brousse! whom he had known when he.
too, was employed at the City of Paris.
Hynes taid that he thought De La
brousse wes a very nervous man, and
In support of Attorney Roche's theory
pf unpcuncrcss of mind or eccentricUv :
told how De Labrouese would watk en '■
Market stieet with head up and chest:
out as though "he were some one of
importance." He was quickly agita
ted, said Hynes, and had he not been
In favor with the head of the concern
would not have been kept at the City
of Paris owing to his treatment of cus
tomers. He showed temper, said
Hynes, and complaints from customers
were numerous. , '
THOUGHT HIM ERRATIC.
R. F. Oakley, salesman with Mur
phy, Grant & Co., told of De La
brousse's condition prior to the mur
der, saying that he seemed to him to
be a nervous wreck. Oakley thought
the man's mind was affected.
John O. Broden, employed by Wolf
& France, told how erratic De La
brousse seemed to him and of his look-
Ing into vacancy, and the Rev. Father
Robert F. Sesnon of the Church of tho
Star of the Sea told of visiting defend
ant in the Broadway Jail some six
weeks ago, when he found him to be Ir
rational, emotional and upset. Father
Sesnon said he tried to console him.
De Labrousse admitted that he was
very sorry for what had happened, was
profuse in his thanks for the visit and
wept. _V*?.
Henry Kugelberg, employed at Sam
uels' Lace House, had known De La
brousse some years. He said that two
"weeks prior to the murder De La
brousse wa"s dejected. He had always
given the witness the Impression that
he was erratic. When he worked with
him some years ago at O'Connor, Mof
fatt & Co.'s he was called "the crazy
Frenchman" by employes in the store,
riot that they thought him crazy, but on
account of his demonstrative manner.
Willatz Johannsen, Jean Baptiste
Contra-Barthe, Peter Roberts, J. Col
lins and J. G. Subra gave their opinions
as to the mental , condition of defend
ant, all agreeing, that he was strange
in his manner, while Subra said that
he was not only erratic, but that he
had made threats to commit suicide on
two occasions. Subra said that De
Labrouese was quick tempered.
Rudolph Ducharme and Edward D.
Mullaly, the defendant having lived at
the house of the latter, also . gave . it
as their opinion that De Labrousse
was r>ot mentally sound. ;,
The case will be resumed this . morn
ing.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting: Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is conceded to be the most beau
tiful Jewelry store in the world.* Visitors
or purchasers are equally welcome. 221
Montgomery st., bet. Bush and Fine. *
THUG ATTACKS
SPEEPING GIRL
Bufflan Enters Room of Miss
Julia Henson at the Presidio
' and Tries to Strangle Her
ASSAILANT IS UNKNOWN
Culmination . of , Depredations
Which Have Baffled the Vigi
lance of Officers at the' Post
An attempt to strangle Miss Julia
Henson at the Presidio late Tuesday
night seems to be the culmination of
thieving that has been carried on in
the post for several days.
Although officers, non-commissioned
men and sentries have .been on the
alert to catch the midnight marauder,
they have failed to locate him, and
in the midst of the populated canton
ment of the Tenth Infantry and while
the sentries -were on duty a villain
eluded their watchful eyes and with
murderous intent crawled in through
an open window and approached the
bedside of his intended victim, grabbed
her. hands and then tried to choke her
to death. The story is bast told by
Miss Henson herself, who stated:
"With several other or tne girls who
are in attendance on the officers' mess,
I occupy qne of the rooms which were
formerly the old clubhouse. I retired
early Tuesday night. Shortly before
midnight I was awakened bPsome one
grabbing my hands in a firm grip.
TRIKS TO CHOKE HER.
"Before I could scream his hand was
on- my throat. I succeeded in getting
my left hand loose and struck the thin
• board fartition wall between my room
and the next a blow that awakened
the other girls, anfl one of them spoke
to me. With that the ruffian slightly
relaxed his hold, and I screamed and
shouted for the sentry.
''Even then the fiend still tried to
choke me, and it was not until one of
, the other girls commenced to scream
that he let go of me and dashed from
the room, through an adjoining unoc
j cupied room, and leaped through the
j window and disappeared in the dark
| ness of the night. In the meantime
j the other girls were up and, hearing
the crash of the fairing window, by the
dim light of the camp they could see a
stalwart man run off into the trees
back of the camp. Just at this point
the colored cooks appeared, with sen
tries with lanterns, and thoroughly
Eearched the place. I was so terrorized
j that I did not know what to do.
! GIRLS SHRIEK WITH FEAR.
« "Some of the other girls were so
I frightened at the rumpus that they
I shrieked with fear and covered up
; their heads with their bedclothes and
1 refused to move until the whole house
I was lighted up and had been .searched
1 by the guards from one end to the
! other. I left a small amount of money
' and my rings and jewelry on a table at
; the foot of my bed, and the girls in the
: other rooms all had small sums lying
! about, and some of them had put their
watches on their dressing tables. None
of these things were missing. We were
I all so frightened that we sat up till
I morning, fearing another attack, and a
sentry. stood guard all night in front of
the house."
Miss Henson is a modest appearing
i girl of perhaps 19 years of age, :
1 and is much upset over the attack. She
has been employed at the Presidio for
a year in her present position.
Colonel Noble Is at a loss to under- |
stand liow the depredations have been I
going on, but thinks it must be some
discharged soldier or one of the numer
ous camp followers who hang around
the gates of the post. The attempted
strangulation puzzles him and he does
not know what to think of the pro
ceedings. . He, however, states that any
prowler seen or caught about the camp*
hereafter will come there at his own
peril.
$300 rugs sold for $60 at Benguiat's
Rug Sale yesterday. Good' chance to get
good goods at your own price. Maple and
Marble rooms. Palace Hotel. ,Sale hours
to-day, 1:30 and 7:30 p. m. , •
Evving Out on Bail.
William B. Ewing, who was con
victed recently of using the mails in
furtherance of a swindle, was released
yesterday in the United States District
Court on $6000 bail pending his re
lease. • ... .-.. . .
Exposition Special.
Ono of our $6.00 Trunks will be just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.50. A. B. Smith Co.. 132
Ellis st. •
BYRON. Feb. 17.— John Glass, a young resi
dent of this city, committed suicide last night
by shooting: himself In the head. No cause is
known for the suicide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LILLIAN RUSSELL
TO KOHLER & CHASE
February 11/1904.
Kohler & Chase, .
Post and Kearny Streets.
Gentlemen: It is really a pleasure
to singr with the beautiful Kohler
. & Chase piano I am ' using. It's
sympathetic singing tone is espe-
cially adapted for . accompanying
the voice. The instrument is a gem.
With congratulations, \
EL PESCADERO'S
OWNER IS SUED
David Jacks arid Pacific Im
provement ; Company Are
Charged With a- Land Fraud
GORE WANTS" THE RANCH
Alleges That the Government
Patent Was Obtained by
Inadvertence and Mistake
Suit was filed yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court by John C. Gore
Jr. and Hamilton Gay Howard against
the United States of America, David
Jacks and the. Pacific Improvement
Company to quiet title to the Rancho
el Pescadero, in Monterey. County.
The complaint alleges that the.prop
erty was erroneously patented by the
United States to David Jacks on Feb
ruary 19, 1868, and that .J. C. Gore Jr.
has been • defrai&Ied out of the 1 prop
erty. It is set forth that Gore Jr. filed
suit against Jacks in the United States
Circuit Court in 1S69 over the same
piece of property and that Gore lost
the suft by reason of the statute of
limitations. But in the present suit
Gore urges that the patent had not
been pleaded by Jacks; that its valid
ity had not in any manner, been ques
tioned; that Gore was ignorant of its
existence until the bringing of the pres
ent suit, and that the patent was not
recorded until July 30, 1880, when the
Pacific Improvement Company had It
placed upon the records.
It is alleged that ,on February 4, 1862,
Jbhn C- Gore conveyed the property
to his son, John C. Gore Jr.,' who gave
his power of attorney to Frederick Z.
Seymour of Boston, who in turn con
veyed it to Edward Tcrrhpkihs of Blng
hamton, N. Y., in exchange for some
of Tompkins' property in that place
alleged to be much inferior in value
and heavily incumb'ered. It is alleged
also that on April 9,. 1862, David Jacks
got a quit claim deed from Tompkins
for a stated consideration of $10,000.
It is- further alleged that Edward
Tompkins, Frederick Z. Seymour, D.
R. Ashley, B. ■ F.'-Ankeny. and "David
Jacks were conspirators and succes
sively engaged in an attempt to de
fraud Gore Jr. of the patent; that Jacks
had always intended to criminally get
possession of the ranch and to defraud
the United States and to cause the
United States to issue letters patent
for' the ranch to v him instead of to
Gore or his son Gore Jr.. and that the
Pacific Improvement Company was
cognizant of Jacks' illegal title at the
time of the purchase. Of the persons
mentioned as conspirators Jacks is said
to be the only one remaining alive.
I It is further stated that the property
takes in part o'f the Seventeen Mile
drive in Monterey County; that it is
of the value of half a million dollars,
and that the patent was Issued througrf
the inadvertence and mistake of the
United States officials.
The court is asked to declare the
MARKS BROS.
MONEY-SAVING
SPECIALS at
MARKS BROS.'
Home of Honest Values,
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
75c WAIST, as pictured, sells / c
to-day for flf-QC
$2.00 MUSLIN SKIRT, as n -
pictured, selfs to-day X/.ZO
for *" "=
904 LACES.
Just at hand. All the newest arrivals
ln'IMPORT I^ACES for dreg» trimmings at
MARKS BROS/ Popular Prices.
75c EIDERDOWN DRESSING ,-
SACQUE, as pictured, sells £Ll].n
to-day for .. . :.,: : v
40^^
HAIR'S. I ggg- 5 '
Now! the Great White Opportunity many are taking advantage of—
Buying Undermuslins^
Getting as Good, as Pretty and as Dainty Garments as there are and
Saving Money on Every One.
Corset Covers. My, the variety-more than we can show you >n regular
stocks. At xsc are two styles in cambric; 2ic, four styles, then *?^37
and at 49 c are some handsome French effects, worth 7jC mey «
five rows of lace insertion and io rows of baby riDDon.
Drawers start now at 22c. six pretty styles; then 29c. four styles; 39c, jour
more styles; 67c, 87c and on up to $3.00.
But of all the good things to-day don't miss these
$1.50 Skirts at 95c
Many styles fixed up as only you would expect to find skirts at *\&j-™$
lace and lace insertion, tucks and lace ruffle. Fay 95c That s a rlier.
—--__--. TT ' , =====^= Heavy German
Black Implant. Flannelettes n»nnclettes.
".!7 They're the same every- Of special interest }?**}"?!$££
Silks day qualities such as you to-day. *™ °f pa tterns
would expect to get at the an, d colo rs tho>e
f^d^ptt r P a f y° r ICSS than y ° U M at^c- «g >§!
Taffetas, 2 7 in.zvide, 50c. Think |^^^^S^S^
of that. tainly want the colors that are here
60c for 75c quality. now that we have marked thenv6c;
70c for 90c quality. _ ose pink tan and light blue
C f f o°r r H: 0 2 °5 affig Krou'/ds with fi|«r« J -^f
r, , . 2000 vards almost nan-price mis
Peaudesoies . mornfng.
75c! SS£ So£ Cashmere flannelettes the new spring
85c: worth $1.00. styles: light colored grounds with
$1.05: worth $1.25. dots> fibres and stripes, 36 inches
Prices that talk; qualities that con- •n.-jde. 15c.
===== A full box. and China Pieces Carlsbad china—
Crystallized full quality, and yet in a tableful thu
r^ •!■ Je . less to pay than * uc morning of
hrUlt 45C any one asks. — — —
===== Then look at the Cuts and saucers,
box itself — burnt wood with Califor- ' .
nia pictures of missions and the Cliff OatrtlCal OOZVlS ,
House on the cover. You will find Toothfiick holders, <
them at the candy counter: 1 ooinpitic m/iuc ,
We are also selling some Salad saucers.
Hatchet Candy Boxes. j^ ot a common piece, not a common
Clever ideas for Washington's birth- price. They are fixed up with floral
day, ioc'and 25c sprays, full gilt tracings.
at Hole's, San Francisco.
title to the property to be in Gore Jr. i
and Howard. Howard acts as attor
ney for the plaintiffs.
Floating spots before the eyes, dim
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murine Eye Remedies. A home cure (or
eyes that need care.
j FRANCES HAN1QUE GETS
, NOTHING FOR HER TAINS
' Judge dc Haven Decides That She
Cnnnot Recover Salvage for Res
| cuing a Small Launch.
i United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday dismissed the libel
for salvage on the launch Famiglia
Unita, rescued from the breakers on
the ocean beach a mile and a half
south of ,the Cliff House on December
22 by Frances Hanique, a middle-aged
' woman, who rushed barefooted Into
! the surf and hauled the launch ashore.
' The following is the decision:
"I think the evidence given by the
libelant is substantially true, but in my
opinion it does not show that she res
cued the Famiglia Unita from any
peril. Indeed, I do not think that
what was done by the libelant ma
terially aided the launch in reaching
the shore. It is clear that what was
done by the libelant does not consti
tute a salvage service in any sense.
Libel dismissed."
riso's Cure has ..cured coughs tor many
years. It Is still on the market. Druggists. 25c.*
Heinze Mining Case Argued.
John % J. McHatton, Garret Mc-
Enerney, John F. Forbes and Critten
den Thornton argued yesterday before
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals the contempt matter in the case
of F. Augustus Heinze vs. the Butte
and Boston Consolidated Mining Com
pany, the two first named being coun
sel for Heinze and the others for the
defendant. The matter was taken u?
der advisement. The couTt ordered
that the writ of supersedeas heretofore
issued be continued in force until the
disposition of the case by the court.
All druggists sell ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c, 50c. •
Bird's Egg Expert Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examination
on March 23 for the position of aid,
division of birds' eggs. National
Museum. Salary, $540; age limit, 20
years or over. Applicants should have
good eyesight, be free from color
blindness and be able to write a neat,
legible hand suitable for labeling
specimens. Persons who desire to
compete should apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C or to the secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco, for application form
1312,* which should be properly exe
cuted and filed with the commission
at Washington.
Beadle AVins a Point.
The Supreme Court has granted a
new trial in the suit brought by sev
eral creditors against A. W. Beadle to
compel him to surrender his title to
the steamship Santa Ana in payment
tor the construction and equipment of
the vessel. A verdict In favor of the
plaintiffs was rendered in the lower
court, but the Judge granted the peti
tion for a new trial. Plaintiffs ap
pealed from this order, but the Su
preme Court affirms it.
Sisters Quarrel Over Insurance.
Martha L. Randall filed a suit for
.an injunction yesterday restraining
the Ancient Order of United Workmen
from paying to her sister, Elizabeth
Abbott, $2000 insurance on the life
of her father, the late Edward F. Ai
ken. She alleges that under an agree
ment she had with her father she
paid half of the premiums on the in
surance policy with the understanding
that the amount of the policy was to
be equally divided between herself
and sister. She says that her father,
after making such an agreement, de
liberately changed the* policy so that
$1500 became payable to-Mrs. Abbott
i and only $5 00 to herself. •
39 STOCKTON STBIET.
' Telephone Main 5522.
The Lenten season finds os fully pre-
pared to cater to the want* of our patron*.
We herewith submit a very attractive
line of
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
SPECIALS!
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square 40c
rrlce lower but quality tha same. Rej. 45c
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per doz 27#c
Select Santa Rosa stock. res. 50c
BASKET-FIRED JAPAN TEA. per Ib 40c
Japan Teas must soon advance, reg. 5oe
IMPORTED SWISS CHEESE, per Ib 27/ 2 c
Genuine Ementhaler. reg. 33c
EYAFCRATED APRICOTS, 2 lbs for 25c
Stewi like fresh fruit. res. 15c Ib.
LOWMEY'S BREAKFAST COCOA, per can 20c
res. 2"o
Becoming more popular every day.
IMPORTED FRENCH PEAS, per can 15c
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, per bar 25c
The Virsin brand. reg. 30c
SALT MACKEREL, each 10c
Norwegian. reg. 12v 3 c
FRENCH SARDIRES IH OIL—
L^moine's. Large cans ITOc. reg. 23c
I.emoint^s. " Small cans I -'--p. reg. 15c
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, per Ib 35c
For Saturday only. ' reg. -tOc
CHICKEN COCK BO'JRSON. bot 75c, gal S3
Good oW whisky. reg. $1.00 and $4. Co
CALIFORNIA BRANDY bo! 75c. gal S3
res- $1.00 and $t.Co
HOLLAND 6IN * per bot 75c
- Pure for medicinal ns«. reg. $1.»V>
GOLDEN REISLIRG per gal 69c
Old select vintage. rex. ">c
Dollar Teaa j.
Premium L 1 1 coffees S
Free " " spices |
, fhPn . Ccnta Baking |
with each vir_._*.«, ?> . n
Worth Powder j]
* p> are Beauties I]
ffi\ A thousand kinds yj£ 9
to Select from. *^8|
If It Pays to |»i
• •- Trade at J E
Great American Importing Tea Go's i
<" Stores H
f^^U^* aOGrmatar. 1419 PoCt tl
S235 Mission 521 Montg'y ave, 52 Market £
3 £Sr asF gas, i
| Seed Talkl
!] Complete and reliable informa- t
£j tion and adrice on seeds -planting B
I etc., in our new, amply and beauti- H
9 fully illustrated annual catalogue. |]
JLJ Mailed free oa request. I]
H AU. SEEDS FOR PARM AND \)
II _. GARDEN. ,j
a Frcit Trees tnd Ornamental PUncs. K
9 COX SEED CO. I
V -4l|. 413. 415 8.nm«m« 8tr«#t. 2
%^ <AW FRANCISCO M